VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 58.
FIGHTING FEROCIOUS TURKS,
Cretan iDSurgents Gain a
Victory Over Their
Oppressors.
FIERCE BATTLE NEAR
RETIMO.
Ottoman Trocps Hard Pressed
Now Telegraph lor Re
enforcements.
GRAPHIC STORY OF A STRUGGLE
FOR FREEDOM.
Patriots of the Down« Trodden Island
Undaunted by the Cruelties
of the Past
LONDON, Esq., July 27.— The Daily
News to-morrow will publish a dispatch
from its correspondent at Athens report
ing that the lighting has been renewed in
the vicinity of Retimo in the island of
Crete, and that the insurgents have been
successful in their encounter with the
Turkish troops.
The latter are hard pressed and have
telegraphed to Canea for re-enforcements.
IN UNHAPPY CRETE.
In the Face of Horrors of the Past
the Island Patriots Again
Battle for Liberty.
The present trouble in Crete, like the
struggle for indepeollence in 1866, origin- j
ated in the western part of the island— in
the province of Kbama — but it is gradu
ally extending as before to the adjoining
province of Retimo.
In these uprisings, as well at those
against the Venetians, who preceded the
Turks as masters of the island, the leading
I borne by the Spahkiats.who are the
lineal representatives of the ancient Cre
tans and have preserved in their moun
tain fastnes.-^es comparatively unimpaired
the character and customs of their ances
tors. They inhabit chiefly the high lands
and upland plains of the Aspia Vuna, or
White Moun:a:ns, and from the rugged
and almost inaccessible nature of tbe
nding country they have always
enjoyed a condition of practical inde
pendence from Jo*et«» fule, and on ac
count of their active and warlike habits
have always been very formidable neigh
bors for the dweilers in the cities and
towns along the coast.
Tney constitute the entire population of
the southern slope of the White Moun
tains and almost the entire population of
the towns along the western and southern
coasts from Selino to Spahkia. Their
country is very dificult of access. The
only road leading from the northern to
the soai! .era side of the island west of
Eetimo is the one from Kisamos up the
mountain defiles to the town of Paleo
kastron, and thence through the "lna
chorium" to the town of Sklavopula and
on to Selino on the southern coast. From
Selino the highway is compelled by the
mountainous character of the country to
follow the windings of the coast until it
passes -one distance beyond the town of
Sr*hkia. From this highway — which was
built in ancient times — trails and patns.
impracticable for the passage of troops
with artillery and supplies, run up the
steep dcn.es and sides of the mountains to
the small towns and villages with which
are studded. It was not until the
latter part of 1866 that these people of the
Selinos and Spahkian provinces were
really brought under a semblance of sub
jection to the Ottoman power.
In the latter part of that year Mustapha
Pasha, commanding the Tnrkish forces,
arrived in the island and after issuing a
proclamation promising' concessions to
the Christians and giving 'five days in
which to make their submission, began
operations against them with an army of
some 30,000 men, and after a campaign
which for bloodiness and barbarity stands
almost unriva.ed in the annals of warfare
since the beginning of the Christian era,
by the end or the year bad succeeded iv
restoring temporarily the authority of the
Porte to all of the island except the conn
try of the ? pakiotes in the provinces of
plinos and Spahkia.
In November he attacked and destroyed
the monastery of Arkadi in the province
of Retimo. built during the time of the
Emperor Heraciius, and which had beeh
spared &y every previous foe, even the
Janizaries, There were some 700 persons
within the wails, of whom 250 were com
batants, and the rest women and children.
Forty-two men and ninety women and
children were taken captive. The rest
were killed and butchered under circum
stances of suet horror as to cause a shud
der throughout the civilized world.
The Cretan General Assembly soon
issued another appeal to the Christian
governments, imploring that the three
great protecting powers, England, France
and Russia, aided by America,- would
bring about a prompt intervention and a
cessation of the cruelty and extermina
tion. As in the present instance, di-
P-omacy played double and delayed any
decisive action. The Turkish Govern
ment was induced, however, to allow
foreizn ships of war to carry away the
women and children and such others as
desired to leave the island, and many
were thus sett to Greece. In December,
Mustapha recaptured Kisamos and
advanced his army along the same road
which is now being attempted into the
heart of tne province ot Selinos, driving
the insurgents into the mountains, burn
ing the towns and villages over the heads
of the defenseless women and children.
Murder, fire and rapine went with him
along the way to Spahkia. Every one
able to move fled before him. At Tripiti
over 10CO terror-stricken refugees col
lected and managed to communicate with
the captain of the Russian frigate Grand
Admiral, which was cruising, off the
coast, and he stood in to rescue them. A
Turkish frigate warned him to observe the
The San Francisco Call
blockade and not communicate with the
insurgents, bu: without avail. This was
regarded by the friends of Crete as an act
of intervention, especially as public sym
pathy in Russia, from the Emperor and
bis household down, was with the suffer
ing and struggling Cretans.
Russia, with France, Prussia and Italy,
in June, 1867, urged upon the Poite a ces
sation of hostilities and an inquiry into
the Cretan grievances by a commission
appointed jointly by the great powers and
the Porte, to which Turkey refused to
agree, and later a more ureent note was
a-idre«?d the Porte on the subject. Eng
land and Austria contented t::emseives
with a recommendation to the Porte to
grant liberal concessions to the Cretans.
Turfcey did nothing at all in the matter.
The Russian Government declared in a
circular that while it would not adopt an
isolated course of aciion it was determined
to perform its duty to humanity. The
war went on. In April, 1?67, Omar Pasha
was appointed to the chief command, and
with an army of 15.000 men marched
| against Epahkia, the stronghold of the
insurgents, only to meet with defeat at
the bands of 8000 Cretans. Another expe
dition against Spahkia and Apokorama
with 25,000 men was likewise repulsed.
The atrocious barbarizes of the Turkish
troops daring this time caused all the for
, eign Consuls to report them to their
Governments, and at the instance of the
latter Omar Pasha was directed in Sep
: tember to suspend operations for four
weeks and grant a general amnesty. The
Grand Vizier, Ali Pasha, reached Crete in
October and proclaimed the amnesty
i himself. The Cretan leaders, however,
protested aeainst it and demanded an in
ternational commission of inquiry, so
again nothing was accomplished.
Throughout the rest oi I*^7 and 1868 the
Turks, with an army of 50.000 men, con
tented themselves with holding the forti
fied town, Candia, Retimo, Canea, Ksa
mos and a few other places on the north
ern coast and a chain of block houses run
ning from Canea south to the plain of
Amalo and Luiana, while the Cretans,
with an army of 12,000,,.men held the rest
of the country.
Toward the close of 1568 events occurred
which involved the settlement of the Cre
tan question with other interests and the
end of the insurrection was at hand.
The Cretan Assembly vored for annexa
tion with Greece and sent deputies to rep
resent their country in the Gr«"ek Parlia
. ment. They were cordiaily welcomed, but
the Turkish Minister protested, and the i
representatives of the other powers
supporting him, the deputies were
not received. The manifestations of
sympathy for Crete on the part of
tue Grecians, however, continued and the
Turkish Government sent an ultimatum j
to Athens which was rejected. The great I
powers hastened to prevent the threatened >
trouble. A conference was called and met
at Paris, January 9, 1869. England and
Austria took part with those who had at
tempted to intervene between Turkey and
Crete in IS6T. All agreed that the delib
erations should be confined to the matters
between Tuskey and Greece ouly and that
if they could not effect a settlement the
other countries would observe the strictest
neutrality and in case of war between
those two powers the rest of Europe would
■ be simple spectaors.
The result of the conference was that
having no prospect of support Greece was
compelled to accept the settlement pro- |
posed and observe a strict neutrality be
tween Turkey and Crete. Thus cut off !
from the only support they had in the .
way of sympathy and supplies, to say
nothing of recruits, of whom several thou
sand- bad gone to Crete, the revolution in
■ the little island gradually died out, Tne
Greek Patriarch addressed a letter to the
: Christians in Crete and in February the
leaders submitted and in March the
I trouble was at ar. end and the Porte re
■ opened all the ports of Crete.
In spite of their terrible and disastrous
experience of thirty years ago. the spirit
: of independence and the desire for free
■ dem from Turkish rule and lor annexation
: to Greece has again broken forth. The same
tactics as before are being pursued. The
Cretans are harassing their oppressors
and the Turks are shelling and burning
the villages, tne helpless and innocent
suffering alike with the others. Greece is
again manifesting her sympathy and is
. backed up by the Christian people of
1 Albania, who have never been well dis
■ posed toward the Mussulman masters. If
the powers stand aloof in any trouble that
may arise Crete, Greece and Albania wi.l
do much toward settling the Eastern ques
! tion and changing the boundaries of
European Turkey.
Crete, or Candia, as it s often called,
has an area, including the smaller islands
with which it is surrounded, of about 3300
square miles. Its population is about
300,000, of whom 220,000 are Greek Catho
lics and the rest Mussulman. The capi
tal. Canea, with Retimo and Candia, are
the only cities of any size on the island,
having together a population of some
42.000. There are a number of towns of
from 500 to 2500 peouie, mainly alone the
co&--t, and about 1000 villages. The island
has had an eventful history- At the cap
ture of Constantinople by the Latins in
; 1204 it fell to the lot of the Marquis of
Montocrat, who sold it to the Venetians,
' wno held it until 1669. when, after a seige
; of twenty years, the Turks captured Can-
I dia, the last stronghold of the Venetians,
and became the masters of the whole
is and. Their rule was an iron one, and
: the people groaned under it til.
when, taking advantage of the revolution
i in continental Greece, they tried to gain
; their independence. They drove the
1 Turks into the fortified towns, and the
> war dracged on till 1830, when England,
j France and Russia, having intervened be
! tween Turkey and Greece, transferred
! Crete to the Government of Egypt, where
| it remained till 1840, when it was again re
! turned to the Turks.
In 1830 the Cretans made another revolt,
! but it was short-Mved and unsucces«ful.
Another effort in 1866 lasted three years,
with fair promise of success, when out
side influence brought it to an end, as
shown.
Th« 3l**taerr at 1 Fan*
CONSTANTINOPLE. Tcrkey, July 27.
X mba.i, an eye-witness of the
massacre which occurred at Van in June,
estimates tne number of killed at 500. Ten
thousand persons, she says, were rendered
homeless and destitute and were given
SAX FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORXIXG, JULY 28, 1896.
The Bryanlcus Democrati-popuMsticus; or, Double-Tailed Peacock. Only One on Earth
A". H. — Shooting Season Closes -Vocem&er 3, 1896. . . ,
protection at the American missions.
Fifteen thousand took protection under
fie British flag and remained for several
WITH RAZOR AND FIRE.
1 Lunatic Frank Canon Attempts to Murder
Mrs Parents and Cremate Their
Bodies.
IOWA FALLS, lowa, July 27.— Frank
P. Carson, in a nt of insanity, attempted
| to cut tbe throats of hit' aged. father and
| mother and then opened his own neck, at
their home in this city at an early hour
this morning. Before beginning his work
the maniac had started a fire in a trunk
filled with combustibles in his own room
upstairs, with the evident intention of
cremating the bodies of his intended vic
tims.
The weapon used was a razor, with
which he first attacked his father, but only
succeeded in making a slight flesh wound
on the neck. He caught his mother and
drew the razor across her neck, cutting a
deep gash from the ear to the middle of
•the neck. The lunatic then cut his own
throat from ear to ear, partially severing
! the windpipe, but is still living, though
i the surgeon considers his recovery impos
• sible. The mother is in a precarious con
i dition through loss of blood and nervous
prostration, but hopes are entertained of
her recovery. The maniac was but re
cently discharged from the asylum at In
dependence as cured.
KIDNAPED TWO CHILDREN.
Mrs. Lizzie Thompson of Cincinnati Causes
a Sensation at Louisville by Steal
ing Her Offspring.
LEXINGTON. K.Y., July 27.— A sensa
tion was created this morning when it be
came known that Mrs. Lizzie Thompson
of Cincinnati, who separated from her hus
band, Harry B. Thompson, two years ago,
had returned to the city Saturday night
and had kidnaped their two children. The
children — Nellie Milton, aged 10, and John
8.. aged B—lived8 — lived with their grandparents
and were on the way to Sunday-school
when picked up by Mrs. Thompson, who
was in a closed carriage. After securing
the children the mother went to the home
of their teacher and left a note directed to
Dr. Ward, pastor of Christ Church, telling
what had been done. It is believed she
drove to some station on the Cincinnati
Southern, where she boarded the train for
Cincinnati.
BURIED UNDER TIMBERS.
Half m Z>o#en Workmen Sadly Injured
at Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., July 27.— While clear
ing away the debris in the recently burned
Diamond Match Company building on
Michigan avenue the supports of the first
floor gave way at 4 o'clock this morning,
burying half a dozen men under the
heavy timbers. *
Twenty-nve men were at work in the
building and they sprang to the rescue of
their buried comrades. The injured are:
Frank Bechell. seriously crushed; Henry
Bergano, crushed about the body and may
die; Otto Reese, internally injured, may
die; Peter Romero, senousiy cut and
bruised.
Map of the IsJaud of Cr«U, Showing the' Differe .t Plf Cis of Importance and Their Comparatively
Unprotected Situations.
BANKER SEWALL
MUST GIVE WAY,
Populists Declare That Tom
Watson Will Receive
Their Voles.
SOUTHERN MEN SOLID
Under No Conditions Will They
Permit the Withdrawal of
the Georgian.
LEADERS CLOSELY aUESTIOHED
Joseph Asbury Johnson Secures ao
Admission That the Maine
Man Is Not Wanted.
KANSAS CITY, Ma, July 27.-I re- j
same my report on the results of the Popu
list convention at St. Louis wnile we wait '
an hour for our train to California. I may
add that we are all well, and even the
middle-of-the-road growlers are now in
good spirits, as they begin to realize that
there is after all a chance for an honest
deal and a genuine union of the silver and
reform forces.
The grounds of this growing confidence
will fairly indicate the practical outcome
of the stormy and unprecedented conven
tion which named its own Vice-Presi-
Jential candidate and nominated the
Presidential candidate of the Democracy.
In the first place, the alliance with the
Democracy was made possible only by the
nomination of a Southern Populist for the
Vice-Presidency. On no other terms
would or could a Southern Populist con
sent to nominate Bryan, and without the
Southern Populists his nomination was
clearly impossible.
I have made a thorough canvass of the
representatives from the four States of
lowa. Nebraska, Kansas and Colorado, in
cluding General Weaver, the recognized
and "official" leader of the Bryanized Popu
lists who worked and fought for the nom
ination of Sewall as well as Bryan. I
have been insistent on this one point:
"Will you men who voted and stood for
Sewall as well as Bryan consent or to per
mit the withdrawal cf Watson in favor of
Sewall?" I get the same emphatic an
swer, variously expressed: "Never, under
no conditions" that may arise, can such a
thing be done. Watson is the nominee of
the Populist convention and the unani
mous choice, too."
Early on Bunday morning, the day
after the convention adjourned, I saw
Senator Allen, the chairman of the con
vention and a strong Bryan and Sewall
man. We met at the Hotel Lindell, and I
asked him to talk for publication in The
Call, and to give me a frank and open an
swer to this question :
'•Do you favor the withdrawal of Wat
son and the support of Sewall as the Vice-
Presidential candidate?"
His answer was emphasized oy gesture
and tone, and he said :
"Not for a moment. It is impossible and
eqnahy undesirable. * We cannot elect
Bryan without the Southern vote and that
is lost if they are asked to support Sewall.
Bat there fs yet another reason. Watson
is the unanimous nominee of the Populist
\ convention, and we cannot break faith
i with our Southern brothers. Igo farther.
This wbole matter is now in the hands of
Mr. Sewall. He alone can open the way
to a complete union of the silver forces.
You say for me that I have assurances
whicn command my confidence that Mr.
Sewali could not be induced to remain in
the field as a candidate. He will decline
this Democratic nomination as a patriot
who sincerely desires a compact and hon
est union of the silver forces. He cannot
afford to remain in the held and divide the
forces."
While making this emphatic declara
tion J. H. ("Cycione") Davis, the leader
: of the Texas and Southern Populists, ap
proached us, and I at once questioned
him. in the presence of Senator Allen, as
to the attitude of the Southern people.
He spoke in a tone of calm assurance, and
said that the South would cordially sup
port Bryan and Watson, but under no cir
cumstances would they accept Sewall. I
j asked him if he believed the Populist sup
' porters of Sewall would now torn to Wat
j son and support him as cordially as they
i would have supported Sewall. He and
■ Allen exchanged glances and he said: "I
i have not a single doubt of it. They are
: all Watson men now. Is not that so,
Senator Allen?" The response came
; promptly as a fact beyond question:
"They are all Watson men. They can
j not support Sewali."
Immediately afterward I met Mr. Breid
i enthal of Kansas, one of Sewali's most ar
dent supporters, in a group of men from
■ Nebraska ana lowa. I said:
"Mr. Breidenthai, who is your candidate
for the Vice-Presidency?"
He smiled and replied : "The conven
tion settled that question for all Popu-
I lists. We are bound by it to support Tom
Watson, and I am now glad of it Mr.
Sewall is a patriot. He will not accept
the Democratic nomination. He cannot,
lin honor, be a candidate. Watson is our
\ man, and I shall support him with all my
i heart."
And so I might go on and qnote Judge
| Hines of Georgia, S. M. Owens of Min
| nesota. State chairman of the lowa Pop
' ulists, and a dozen others from the North.
: In each case I should have to record the
same answer. In fact. I have not found a
, single man who favored the nomination
of Sewall who will now support him as
; against Watson.
At this point I should state that I had a
decisive taiK with Senator Allen on his
assertion at the Jefferson Club meeting
j early in the session of the convention that
| those who od posed the nomination of
DEATH STRIKES FROM AMBUSH
Bryan had either seen or expected to see I
Hanna's agent, whose literary bureau was
made in the form of a barreL He laughed
and said: "That is not wnat I said. It
was that they must be prepared to meet
chat charge, for it was just the service
Mr. Hanna most desired t&em to render.
1 do not believe that any straight Popu
list received a cent or the promise of one
from Mr. Hanna or his agents. I know
them too well and trust them too im
plicitly. But that would not shield tLem
from the slanderous charges. I warned
them on that point, that w*s all."
My time is up, and I must rush for my
train. To-morrow I may have more to
say. Joseph Asbcbt Johssos.
SEWALL MUST RETIRE.
It Is 2>tee**ary to Harmonise AH the
(filter Element*.
BT. LOUIS, Mo., July 27.— With the
exception of several members of the
executive committee of the Popu
list and Silver parties delegates to last
week's conventions have returned to their
homes. Senator Butler of South Carolina,
"Cyclone" Davi3 of Texas, Morton C. Ran
kin of Indiana, Dr. Mott o* North Caro
lina, General J. B. Weaver of lowa and
H. E. Taubeneck of Illinois are the most
prominent of those remaining.
Senator JoneS is expected to return
from his visit to Bryan at Lincoln, Nebr.,
to-morrow, when he will meet Senator
Butler and the Populist committee. After
the conference it is likely that Senator
Bu:ler will Limself visit Lincoln. After
that be will go to Washington to visit the
Populist leader?, with a view to blocking
out the work of the campaign.
It is believed the Senator's chief aim
just now is to secure, if possible, the with
drawal ot Sewall from second place on the
ticket. The Popuibt chairman believes
that the Democratic Vice - Presidential
nominee owes it to the cause of silver to
get out of the race, and it i? said he is of
the opinion that he can be induced to get
off the ticket.
Such a move, in Senator Butler's
opinion, would harmonize all the silver
elements North and South, and would
especially aid the cause in Tennessee,
North Carolina, Alabama and Texas,
where the Populists have been gaining
strength fof the last four years.
Besides the substitution of Watson for
Sewall on the ticket. Senator Butler wants
the Populists represented on Senator
Jones' National Committee which is to
handle the camcaijin. The headquarters
he wants located either at Washington or
Chicago, and his preference is for tne lat
ter city as it is in the heart of the de
batable territory.
SETTLED THE ACCOUNTS.
Populist CommUtetmtea , Turned Over
. A ffn inn to >mwiwri. . '.•'.sis'rz
. LOUIS. Mo., July 27.— The . nine
members of the retiring Popuiist executive
committee made a formal settlement with
the new 'executive., committee to-day.
They turned ovei» to Chairman Butler
and Secretary Edgerton all the . money on
band, had their . accounts . approved, and
were siren a clean bill of health. The af
fairs of the party are now in the hands of
Chairman Butler and his associates.
Senator Butlers associates on the execu
tive committee are: J. A. Edgerton of
Nebraska, secretary ; M. C. Rankin of Indi
ana, treasurer; George F. Washburn of
Massachusetts^ John W. Breidenthal of
Kansas, H. W. Reed of Georgia, John A.
Dore of California, C. F. Taylor of Pensyl
vania. James R. Sovereign of Arkansas.
At 3 o'clock the old executive commit
tee met with the Citizens 1 Committee to
settle the terms of the contract made when
St. Louis secured the Populist convention.
Chairman Taubeneck, Sergeant-at-Arms
McDowell, Secretary Turner, George F.
Washburn and "Cyclone" Davis, all mem
bers of the old executive committee, rep
resented the Populist National Committee
in the meeting with the Citizens' Co
mmittee. t
INDIANA POPULISTS.
They Will Endeavor to Prevent Capture
' fry GrtHocratie SeXetnerm.
INDIANAPOLIS, lira., July 26.— The
Populist State Convention will be very
slimly attended, about 100 of the 900 dele
gates having put in an appearance. The
Democrats are making strenuous efforts to
get an indorsement of their State ticket
by having the nations put in the
hand of a committee, with power to act
and adjourn the convention.
To-night a long conference of the dele
gates was held, lasting until midnight, but
no action was taken. The tenor of the
talk, however, was in favor of nominating
the State ticket and placing the matter of
putting an electoral ticket in the field in
the hands of a committee. Whether this
will be done ;is doubtful, for the State
committee is very anxious that the whole
thing should be placed in its hands and is
working Card to that end, backed by all
; the pressure the Demoaratic leaders can
; bring to bear. Mr. Sbiveley, the Demo
cratic nominee, this evening stated that
he would not decline the support of the
Populitts if they should nominate him.'
WILLIAMS DECLARES WAR.
BW Pleated With the Chilly Enthviiasm
for the Chicago Ticket.
BOSTON, Mass., July 27.— George Fred
Williams will, to-morrow, declare political
war on the Democratic State organization.
The action of the State committee in re
fusing to indorse the Chicago platform and
the nominees of the convention, Bryan and
Sewatl, leaves them no alternative, says
Mr»Williams and his friends. Mr. Williams
is not taking much stock in some of the
party leaders in this State who are saying,
"Oh, yes, of course, we are for the ticket."
This sort of enthusiasm does not suit Mr.
Williams. To his mind it is damning the
ticket with this faint praise— more danger
ous he thinks than an open enemy. The
National ticket must receive hearty,
earnest, enthusiastic support by the Slate
organization, he says, and in order to do
this a committee in full accord with the
ticket nominated at Chicago must be
chosen. _^_^_____^_^_
Harrison in »«w lark.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 27.-Ex-Presi
dent Benjamin Harrison and his wife ar
rived at the Fifth-avenue Hotel from the
mountains to-night. General Harrison
said that &c had come to New York to at
tend a meeting of the General Assembly cf
the Presbyterian church, which will take
place to-morrow evening, and to attend to
some private business.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Sheriff Douglass of Nevada
County Killed by an
Outlaw.
SHOT AFTER SLAYING A
HUNTED MAN.
Given His Death Wound From
Behind as He Faces a
Dying Bandit
THELH BODIES FOUND LYLUG
SIDE BY SIDE.
Armed Men Intent on Meting Venge*
ance Are Seeking for the
Assassin.
NEVADA CITY, Cal., July 27.— The
lone toll-taker of the North San Juan
road is dead. Nevada County has been
rid of a desperado, but the rejoicing at its
deliverance is palled by grief over the loss
of one of the bravest officers in ail Cali
fornia. The body of Sheriff David F.
Douglass was found this mornirg near
that of the outlaw for whom posses had
searched in vain for weeks. He had "got
his man," but lost his life. A cowardly
bullet had closed the career of this fearless
officer — a bullet fired when his back was
turned to the assassiD as the Sheriff
faced the read agent who now lies cold in
death.
To-night armed men are scouring the
country for miles around, eager to avenge
the death of Sheriff Douglass. Should
his slayer be captured no mercy will be
shown. Never have the people of Nevada
County been so aroused over a criminal
act. Scores of men, some almost frenzied
in their rage, others cool and cautious,
but all bent upon the same purrose, are
searching every hillside and gully. Thefy
make no attempt to conceal their inten
-1 tion to mete death swiftly to the mur
derer if he is taken. A suspicious char
acter named Johnson was arrested to
night, but he is not believed to be the
right man.
Smarting under the failure of posses to
; run down the road agent who has com
, mitted repeated robberies in this vicinity
of late, Sheriff Douglass had started yes
terday to attempt bis capture single
( banded. He came across the outlaw near
the city. Evidently the fellow was asleep.
When Douglass called to him he reached
for bis rifle, which lay by his side, but the
Sheriff was too quick and the outlaw wa3
> slain before he could fire. Then a confed
erate of the toll-taker, attracted by tne
\ shots, appeared and fired at the Sheriff's
back. Douglass fell near the body of the
man he had slain and his death must
have been instantaneous. A bullet from
the assassin's rifle had broken his back.
Within the past two weeks numerous)
i highway robberies have occurred in this
i vicinity. Recently Detective Thomas Gib
i son and Charles Sladky, of San Francisco,
were halted and robbed by a lone road
agent while coming to this city from North
San Juan. Other persons were held up on
the same day. Since then four or five
. robberies have been committed, evidently
' all by the same outlaw, judging from the
, description given by his victims.
Word was brought to the Sheriff's office
on Saturday that a man supposed to be
the robber was seen within a half mile of
' town. Sheriff Douglass, Under Sheriff
Pascoe and two other men went out to
j look for him. They found his track and
followed it for some distance, but then
lost it. The bloodhound '-Jim Budd" was
taken out, but, owing to the thick growth
j of the tarweed at one point the dog lost
; the scent and was unable to work. At
! nightfall the officers returned to town.
Sheriff Douglass received information
late at night that fresh tracks had been
discovered in the neighborhood of what is
called the Cold Spring, near Wells' mile
ranch, less than two miles from town. Hs
' surmised they were made by the road
: agent and concluded the fellow might be
| camped near there. Yesterday forenoon
i the Sheriff drove in a buggy to a point a
i half mile from town, tied his horse and
struck out through the woods to look for
j the man. The horse and buggy were nd-
I ticed there all afternoon and they were
I still there this morning. A man living in
j that neighborhood wno saw the rig came
j to town and gave the information to the
I Sheriff's office.
Suspicion was at once aroused and Dep«
uty Sheriff Neagle and Martin McGrath
left town on horseback without delay.
Neagle had beard the Sheriff say he be*
lieved the robber was camped near the
spring, so they went there direct. When
near the spot they saw the body of a man
lying on the ground. Approaching cau
tiously they found that the man was dead,
and not ten feet from him was a second,
body. The one was Sheriff Douglass cold
in death and the -other was a stranger.
Neagle remained with the bodies and
McGrath returned to town to get help and
spread the terrible news. Douglass had
fallen on his face. He was shot twice,
both bullets entering from behind. One
bullet entered the right side of his back,
ranging upward, striking a vital part,
passing throug.ii the vertebrae and coming
out on the right side. The other buiies
passed through his right hand. There
was a wound in the right eye, received in
falling. He had fired five shots from his
revolver.
The robber's coat was under his head
and bis arms were spread over a Win
chester rifle. He, too, received two bullets,
both ranging downward. One bullet
passed tnrough the heart and came out at
the hip. The other entered the right side
of the abdomen, coming out above the hip.
The rifle had not been fired for some time.
The theory is that the road agent was
lying down when Douglass came on to
him, and, while reaching for his rifle, was
shot by the Sheriff, who was an expert
with a pistol. The fact that Douglass was
shot from behind convinced the officers
that a third person fired the shots that
killed the Sheriff and that the murderej2
was a partner in crime of the man whom
Douglass killed. A brush tent occupied
by the men was found near the scene of
the tragedy.
The bodies of tbe men were brought to
town and taken to an undertakers.
Robert Latta, who was stopped the same
day Policeman Gibson and Sladky were
robbed, near the same place and by the
same man, identifies the dead stranger as
the highwayman who stopped him. The
man did not wear a mask while commit
ting the robberies, and identification is
easy. He has been operating in this sec
tion for Rome time, begging food Iroin fam
ilies on the outskirts of town and asking to
have lunches put up before leaving, claim
ing that he was going on a long journey.
This extra food was probably for his part
ner, who kept out of 6igbt. M. L. Marsh,
a lumberman, says the man went to work
at his mill on May 25 and worsed fnur
days. He gave his name as C. Meyers.
Under Sheriff Pa6coe, who went out this
morning to se«rch for Sheriff Douglass,
had not returned at 11 o'clock to-night,
and grave fears are entertained that he
may have been ambushed and slain. A
large pos«e has been formed to search him.
Ifcis hardly probable that Pascoe would
have remained out so long if something
had not happened. He Is a son of the late
W. H. Pascoe, who was killed by Freder
icks three years ago, while Sheriff of this
county.
Dr. Tricknell conducted a post-mortem
examination over the bodies of Sheriff
Douglass and the outlaw to-uight. He
said the men had been dead fifteen hours.
The rifle used by the robber was stolen
from Grant Dart of Rough and Ready,
eight miles from here. The dead robber
worked for two days at Marsh's sawmill
la this town, and also worked for two days
at Lord's livery stable in Grass Valley,
four miles from here. He was seen in
this dty last Friday evening. He drank
heavily. On Saturday a barber shaved
him. No one identified him then as the
toll-taker.
The murderer of Sheriff Douglass had
robbed both bis victim and the dead out
law or all their valuables. The pockets of
their clothing had been turned inside out
and everything they contained removed.
David F. Douglass was about 40 years of
ajre, and his father for the past twenty-five
years has been the agent and confidential
messenger of Wells, Fargo & Co. at Nevada
City. The murdered man had been a
messenger in the employ of the express
company. He was Deputy Sheriff under
the late Sheriff Pascoe, who was killed
about three years ago, and upon the
latter's death Douglass was appointed
Sheriff by the Supervisors of Nevada
County. At the last election, although a
Democrat, the citizens of Nevada County,
mostly Republicans, thought so highly of
him that they elected him Sheriff again by
a large majority. Douglass was married
ani Lad several children.
Douglass was known as an utterly fear
less man. A short time ago when gam
blers and criminals of ail kinds were run
ning things with a high hand in Truckee
and Nevada City Douglass determined to
put a stop to it. He said he had taken
tbe oath of office to keep the peace of that
county and he proposed to do it, even if he
lost his life in the attempt. He went right
in among the gamblers of Truckee and by
arresting the ringleaders he showed he
was not afraid of the hard citizens who in
fested the town. It was not very long be
fore Truckee was lreed from all the crim
inal cla ses and everything was peaceful.
The same state of affairs existed in Ne
vada City after Douglass started in on his
reform.
Sheriff Douglass was a prominent Na
tive Son. His parents and six brothers
and two sisters are still living, and he is
survived by a widow and a young son,
who were in San Francisco when :he news
of the officer's death wa3 received.
DOUGLASS KNEW NO FEAR.
Ex- Sheriff O'Neill of Sacramento Tell* of j
Hi* friend* Brarery.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 27 "I have
been acquainted with Dave Douglass for
years," said ex-Sheriff Tom O'Neill of Sac
ramento County to a Call representative
to-night. "We were warm personal
friends. His death has been a severe
shock to me and yet it was by no means
unexpected, for I knew his fearlessness
but too well. We have traveled together,
paten and slept on the trace of criminals
we were pursuing, and although I have 1
always felt that Dave was a good man to I
have with you when danger was abroad, I
always believed tnftt his absolute disre
pard of danger would at any time over
come his real sense, for he was a man ab
solutely devoid of fear. During our
pursuit of Fredericks, shortly after the
Killing of Sheriff Pascoe, Dave and I spent
severel days together in the brush in Yuba
Count}-, and my admiration of the man
was increased a hundred fold. Dave was
a man who, as I before said, being abso
lutely devoid of fear, would always give
any criminal the long end of it."
"I suppose, now that Donglass is dead,
young Pascoe, the son of Sheriff Pascoe
whom Fredericks killed, will be made
Sheriff. He was a deputy under
Douglass."
To Identify the Ifead Outlaw.
Chief Crowley received a dispatch yes
terday from District Attorney P. T. Riiey,
asking him to send Policeman T. B. Gib
aon to see if he could identify the dead
highway man at Nevada City. Gibson left
by the overland train last evening.
Gibson and his friend, Charles Sladky,
were held up in Droad daylight by a high
wayman, who covered them with a W'.n
chester and robbed them, on July 16.
They were spending a brief vacation in
Nevada County. The highwayman did
not take the trouble to wear a mask, so
both Gibson and 81adky had a good took
at him.
RESIGN ATIONS REQUESTED.
Three Vseltss United States Consuls Are
Called Home.
WASHINGTON, D. C. July 17.— While
the State Department has not yet received
the resignations of three consuls that were
cabled for recently, there is no longer any
secret that Edward P. C. Hammond of
Budapest, Marshall P. Thatcher of Wind
sor, Ontario, and Henry C. Smith at San
tos, Brazil, will be promptly forthcoming.
The coincidence ' in , these resignations
being called for just at the present , time
is entirely accidental. They are located
outside the districts recently inspected
with a view to ; Improving the service.
The. requests for the resignations are due
to complaints coming from the respective
posts. None of them has rendered satis
factory service since his appointment.
Void Reseree Creeping Up.
WASHINGTON, D. C. July 27.-The
treasury gold reserve is gradually creeping
up, the official figures standing to-day at
$105,073,919. The day's withdrawals were
$134,500.
Landslide on the Baltimore and Ohio.
WEST NEWTON, Pa., July 27.-A land
slide 200 feet long and several feet deep is
just reported here on tbe Baltimore and
Ohio tracks at Osceola. The New York
express, which left Pittsburg at 9 o'clock,
is stranded somewhere west of here. Both
tracks are reported covered with trees and
rocks between here and Griffin station, two !
miles east.
BRYAN IS NOT
UNLIKE BARKIS,
Willing to Accept if Only
Given the Proper
Chance.
OUT WITH A STATEMENT
But His Feelings Are Deftly
Concealed in Peculiar
Platitudes.
TO ACT WITH DELIBERATION,
Meanwhile tbe Nebraska Candidate
Appeals to Friends to Withhold
Hasty Criticism-
LINCOLN". Nebb., July 27.— The result
of the conference last evening between
Senator Jones and Mr. Bryan has not yet
become apparent. From wbat Senator
' Jones said just before he left Lincoln it is
t inferred that no definite plan was ar
' ranged to bring about an understanding
j with reference to tbe Democratic and
I Populist National tickets. Wbat Mr.
Bryan thinks about the absolute refusal
of Mr. Watson to withdraw from the sec
ond place on the Populist 'ticket cannot be
ascertained. Mr. Bryan declined to-night
to discuss specifically that or any other
matter relating to the situation. His feel
ings with regard to the complicated situa
tion caused by Watson's nomination are
exercised generally, however, in the fol
lowing authoritative statement made pub
lic to-night.
"Mr. Bryan received a number of tele
grams during the day containing sugges
tions in regard to the action of the Popu
list convention. He has replied to all
that he will act with deliberation and that
nothing will be done which can be justly
criticized by those who are interested in
bimetallism. He begs all friends of the
cause in all parties to refrain from harsh
criticism of those who, however much
they may differ, agree in desiring the im
mediate restoration of free coinage. He
feels sure that a solution of ail difficulties
will be found in due time and that the so
lution will be honorable to all parties, as
well as satisfactory."
It was understood that Senator Stewart
of Nevada would be in Lincoln to-day on
his way home from the Populist conven
tion, but he did not put in an appearance.
Congressman Newlands of Nevada, who,
according to tne dictionary, is the only
"Silverite" in the House, arrived to-night
and, after seeing Mr. Bryan, took a train
for Washington. Senator Pettigrew, who
followed the lead of Senator Teller in
bolting the Republican convention, is ex
pected in Lincoln to-morrow or next day.
Several delegates- to the Populist conven
tion are in Lincoln to-day and sailed on
Mr. Bryan. Governor Holcomb has re
turned from St. Louis. He brought a
unique present for Mr. and Mrs. Bryan
from tbe Kansas to the
Populist convention— two beautiful birds
of tbe species known as love birds. Mrs.
Bryan has named them Kansas and Ne
braska.
SOUND MONEY DEMOCRATS.
State Organization to Be Pushed by the
Leader*.
CHICAGO, 111., July 27.— The sound
money Democrats received many letters
and telegrams to-day from several States
assuring General Bragg and hie executive
committee that State organization would
be pushed and National committeemen
selected. News of an encouraging nature
was said to have been received from
Indiana, of which much has been ex
pected, but little has been received from
the party leaders.
The executive committee (received a
telegram from Kufus Bandy, chairman of
the Texas Sound Money League, stating
that Texas would name its National com
mitteeman Saturday next.
A telegram from Judge H. 8. Simms of
Huntington, W. Va., a leading Democrat,
assured the committee that the West
Virginia Democrats would organize Wed
. nesday and select their committeeman.
John G. Bullit, a prominent Philadelphia
lawyer, who has been leading the sound
money movement there since the conven
tion, and who was asked by the committee
to organize Pennsylvania, telegraphed his
consent to serve and stated that a National
committee member would be named in
time.
Lynde Harrison of New Haven, Conn.,
wired a similar acceptance on behalf of
His State. He was a delegate at large to
the Chicago convention.
Euclid Martin, National cominitteeman
I for Nebraska, telegraphed that Bryan
would soon discover that his State was yet
to be conquered by the silver forces.
News from Baltimore showed a strong
development of sentiment there for an
other ticket, although the first sentiment
among the .party leaders had been in op
position.
Samuel Kimble of Manhattan, Kans.,
informed the committee that arrange
ments were in progress for a State organi
zation and that a member of the National
Committee would be named to attend the
meeting.
A. B. Kassell of Harriman,.Tenn., Bays:
"1 believe that an honest ticket will poll
a large number of votes, even in our own
county which is strongly silver. The
Democracy is evenly divided between free
silver and honest money with nearly all
the Republicans in favor At the latter."
LINCOLN, Nkbr., July 27.— United
States District Attorney Sawyer, w^o re
turned to-day from a visit with Secretary
Morton at Nebraska City, announced that
there is no longer any question but that
Nebraska sour.d money Democrats will
nominate a Btate ticket, whether a Na
tional convention is held or not. A meet
ing is called for Omaha some day this
week, when a call for a State convention
will be issued. Mr. Sawyer says the sen
timent among Nebraska sound money
Democrats is favorable to another Na
tional Convention.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July 27.-fivery
Congressional district in Kentucky and
nearly every county in the State will bo
represented at the meeting of the confer
ence of "honest"-money Democrats, to be
held to-morrow at noon in the California
Club rooms in tne Board of Trade. The
Louisvilie members of tne Honest-money
Democratic League art in receipt of tele
grams from all parts of the State announc
ing that representatives will be sent here
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, «*ULY 28, 1896.
UNCLE SAM: "Clear the way for the return of Republican prosperity."
and at the proper time regularly elected
delegates will be sent from all of the coun
ties to the honest-money State conference,
which will be arranged for to-morrow.
The principal business is to set a date for
a State convention to elect delegates to the
convention to be held at Chicago.
STAPLES IS ALL SIGHT.
Beaton* Why a Democrat Will Tote the
Republican He/cat.
AUGUSTA, Me., July 27.— a letter to
Hon. A. J. Staples of this city, President
Hyde of Bowdoin College who is a Demo
crat, announces that he shall vote the Re
publican ticket. He gives his reasons as
follows :
"The maintenance of financial integ
rity, respect for judicial authority, the
promotion of civil service reform, the pres
ervation of the standard according to
which contracts have been made by which
savings are secured and in which labor is
to be paid, cannot be intrusted ' to a party
committed to the absurdities and mons
trosities of the platform adopted at
Chicago. ,
CLEVELEND'S PROPHECY.
Year* Ago He Sa%e the Certain.- Destruc-
tion of Party Hope*.
JACKSON, Miss., July 27.— The follow
ing was given out to-night by Edgar 8.
Wilson, who was private secretary to Mr.
Lamar when be was Senator:
In May, 1892, several months before
Mr. Cleveland was nominated for Presi
dent at Chicago he wrote the late Judge
L. Q. C. Lamar a letter, the original of
which is now preserved in this city.
The letter was in reply to one from
Judge Lamar, written in pencil on a sick
bed from which he never arose. Wbat
was prophecy then is history now. Tbe
letter is dated at Lakeview, N. J., May 1,
1892, and after congratulating Mr. Lamar
on his reported improvement says:
"Forces are at work which certainly
mean the complete turning back of the
hamlßof the dial of Democracy and the
destruction of party hopes- Is it ordained
that lam to be tt.e instrument by which
Democratic principles can be saved,
whether party supremacy immediately
awaits us or not?
"If folly is to defeat us in any event
ought I to be called upon to place myself
under the falling timber? I sbail be obe
dient to the cause of my country and my
party. Whatever happens no one shall
say that I refused to serve in time of need
or abandoned those who have been instru
mental in calling me to the neld when is
waged the battle for Democratic princi
ples.
"If I am given my discharge I shall
thank God mo.it fervently. I can easily
be disposed of, either by the selection of a
candidate more available or by the adop
tion of a campaign policy on the financial
question, which I am not willing to fur
ther.
"In the first case I shall be a happy
helper; in tbe second, I shall sadly await
the announcement of party defeat, which
will be predetermined.
"Our Southern friends, if they persist,
will be left alone with their free-coinage
heresy. The danger is that another
Southern idea and a charge of heedless
ness for the public safetj- on the financial
question will do service in the place of the
memories of the Civil War.
"The question is often and justifiably
put, my friendly Southerners: 'Can
Cleveland carry New York?' The answer
is ready a* to Cleveland or any other man
if the Democracy is at all weak on the
coinage question.
"As one who loves his country and be
lieves that her interest is bound up in
Democratic supremacy I am most uncom
fortable and unhappy in the fear that the
South will not see until too late the dan
ger of their marring all.
"If I should read this I hardly should
■end it, but it goes laden with affection
and tbe most tender memories. Yours
affectionately, Gbovcr Clxvklahd."
REPUBLICANS ARE ACTIVE.
Leader* Preparing to Make a Most rig
orout Campaign. '. ,
CHICAGO, 111.. July IT.— The Ohio Re
publican campaign managers are ■ count
ing on the consent of Major McKinley to
assist in opening the battle in that State
at Columbus, August 12. National Com
mitteeman Charles L. . Kurtz, who is also
chairman of the State Committee, an
nounced such expectations when he called
to-day at Republican campaign head
quarters. ,He came to Chicago specially
to get some spectacular extras for the
campaign opening. He has no promise
from the Major yet, but considering it is
Ohio the manager believes ■an exception
will be made in its favor. v
"There : is a surprising demand • for cur
rent literature Irom Ohio," said Mr. Kurtz
to a United: Press reporter, "and I • have
asked the campaign committee to fill this
demand as soon as possible. ; The farmers
want literature on the ; questions of the
day and, within the last ten days there has
been a change of sentiment toward sound
money. The tariff is being 'discussed
more in the cities, among the discon
tented, and that is the question which
should be brought prominently; forwagi
in cities as the . campaign ■ talk. I have
asked; for tariff literature to be circulated
in the cities."
Congressmen Hopkins and Belknap and
] Senator Cullom came to headquarters
with reports from Illinois that sound
money was getting the upper hand in the
agricultural regions. While recognizing
the necessity of meeting the attacks of
I the silver foe, they urge that the speakers
sent from headquarters should not get
away from discussion of protection in re
lation to the farm, the mine and wages.
Committeeman Payne came from Mil
waukee and spent most of tbe day in his
room at headquarters, rie held a secret
conference with Committeeman Dawes
and ex-Governor Hubbard of Minnesota.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 27.—Undis
mayed by threatening weather, upwards
of 15,000 bicycle riders participated in the
great Centen niai to-day. All ages, classes
and sexes took part. The bicycles were
I brilliantly decorated.
Major McKinley, with a group of friends,
reviewed the parade from a large stand in
iront of the City Hall. The riders cheered
lustily as they went by, and the people on
the sidewalks near by helped them out.
When Major McKinley drove to and away
from the reviewing stand he was greeted
I with cheers.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 27.—Chair
man M. A. Hanna left for New York at 6
p. M. He disposed of an enormous amount
of business before his departure. D. S.
Ferns of New Orleans was one of Mr.
| Hanna's callers to-day. His prediction is
I that Louisiana will give a Repub.ican
j plurality of not less than 8000. Several
visitors from Tennessee brought encour
aging reports about that State, but added
j that among certain classes the silver senti
ment would aave to be vigorously corn
batted.
RAILROAD FOREMAN LINCHED.
Attempted an Assault on n Young Lady
Xear Upton, Mo.
BEDALIA, Mo.. July 26.— Mart Craw
ford, a widower 3S years of age, employed
as a section foreman on the Missouri Pa
cific, was lynched a few miles from Tip
ton, Moniteau County, to-day.
He was arrested at Tipton last night,
charged with attempted assault upon Miss
Mary Tuckley. 16 years of ag*, who ar
rived at Tipton from Kansas City last
Saturday.
Sheriff Lumpe In the morning started
for Versailles with the prisoner, but was
met by an unmasked mob. who took Craw
ford from him and banged him to a tree.
SUGAR BOUNTY CLAIMS.
Money to Pay S3 Per Cent of the i.ggre
gat*, $6,085, 156 66.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 27.—Au
ditor Baldwin to-day finished tbe compil
ing of sugar bounty claims. They aggre
gate fo.OSo, 156 66. There was appropriated
15,000.000 to pay the bounty on this aggre
gate. The money in hand will pay 82 per
cent of the claims nl«d and allowed.
The statement made tbe otber day that
only 64 per cent would be paid was due to
a tnistaice in confusing tbe per cent of
bounty with tbe aggregate of claims. The
per cent of bounty *as 64.100 of 1 cent per
pound on tbe sugar claims allowed, which,
with tbe protection allowed by law, makes
up 82 percent of the claims filed and al
lowed, which will be paid commencing
about August 1 next.
Many Farm Building* Destroyed.
WATERLOO, lowa, July 27.— A mina
ture cyclone passed eastward a short dis
tance north ot Waterloo Jast night. Crops
were laid waste in a belt two miles wide
and many farm buildings destroyed. At
Link Friedley's a barn was blown to pieces
and nine cows killed. The Illinois Cen
tral and Chicago and Great Western rail
ways suffered heavy losses between here
ana Dubuque by washouts.
for Cheap Ireurtiom*.
CHICAGO, lix., Juiy 27.—Representa
tives of the Colorado lines will meet
Thursday evening under the auspices of
the Western Passenger Association to con
sider a special order to run cheap excur
sions to the Missouri River during the
next month. It is expected that a disa
greement arising out of the Salt Lake City
rate for the fire chiefs' meeting will be
definitely settled.
Fatally Stabbed fry a Druggint.
CAIRO, 111., July 27.— 0n bis way to
the depot at midnight last night, I. N.
Coffee, president of the Board of Phar
macy, was killed by Dr. Crabtree, a promi
nent druggist. Crabtree stabbed Coffee
twice. The tragedy occurred in front of
the murderer's store. So reason is as
signed.
To Lynch Thotnn* Mefi.ee.
PORTSMOUTH, Ohio, July 27. — A
movement is on foot to take Thomas Mc-
Kee from the police and lynch him. Mc-
Kee was arrested to-day for the several at
tempts that have been- made lately to
blow up buildincs with dynamite. A
bomb was found in his possession.
Toung Stetson's Will.
BOSTON, Mass., July 27.-It is under
stood that Judge Grant of the Suffolk Pro-
Bate Court this afternoon decided to allow
the wul of the late John Stetson Jr. The
will will be probated at the next regular
sitting of the court, which is next Thurs
day.
Killed by a Boiler Explosion.
TOLEDO, Ohio, July 27.— 1n the Wood
County oil field this afternoon Orlie
Brown, Samuel Miller and C. E. Clarke
were killed by the explosion of a boiler
used in pumping n well. Clarke was the
eugineer and Brown and Miller were pass
ing at tbe time.
IN THE TRACK
OF THE STORM.
Havoc Wrought During the
Fury of Elements in
the East.
CROPS AND CATTLE LOST
Many Farm Buildings Wrecked
and Much Other Damage Is
Reported.
SEVERAL PEOPLE ALSO PEEISH
Wide Sweep of Devastation in the
Territory Extending From Ne
braska to Minnesota.
MOOREHEAD, Minx., July 27.-A de
structive hail storm struck the town of
Comstock to-day, passing in a northwest
erly course to Sabin, reaching as far north
asGlyndon on the west and StocKwood on
the east. In many cases the destruction
was complete. The heaviest loss so far re
ported, is that of Davis Askegaard of Com
stock, who lost over 600 acres of wheat.
The path of the storm was two and a half
miles wide, and the loss will be about
150,000. ,
DETROIT, Mich., July 27.— The storm
which swept over Michigan yesterday af
ternoon did much damage in places. At
Northville the heavy rains caused the
river Rouge to leave its banks, flooding
the shops of the Globe Furniture Com
pany aud carrying away lumber and small
buildings. The losses will aggregate
510,000.
In and around Mount Clemens, light
ning did much damage. The house of
Mrs- Chris Schoof was struck and all of
the inmates terribly shocked.
Warren reports that many barns were
struck by lightning and burned near
there. John Measles bouse was struck by
a bolt and Measle and Mrs. Plehl were
severely injured.
At Three Rivers the storm was of a cy
clonic nature. The streets are blocked with
uprooted trees. The roof of the Methodist
Episcopal Church was partly torn off und
the electric light and telephone systems
nearly demolished. Reports from the
country east and west of Three Rivers say
the damage is very heavy.
The section around Battle Creek also
suffered severely. The barn and house
of Ransom Markham near ther« were
blown down and Marknam was severely
injured.
DELAWARE*, Ohio, July 27. -A severe
storm twisted the tower of St. Thomas
Catholic Church from Its base. It fell,
catting a great hole in the roof of tlie au
ditorium. Lightning burned out the trol
ley-car system and wrecked many tele
graph poles, cutting the city off from all
communication.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. July 27.— A terrific
windstorm, accompanied by rain, swept
over Columbus and vicinity at 8 o'clock
this evening. The roof was blown off
Wirthween's Hall, a five-story brick build
ing at High and Mound streets. Chim
neys were blown off and shade trees up
rooted in all parts of trie city.
The roof and top story were blown off
Brown's Novelty Iron Works at Town and
Gift streets, doing considerable damage.
Stillwegen's tannery in South Columbus
was unroofed and the fourth story of S.
M. Baker's art gallery, at High and State
streets, was demolished. News from the
surrounding country is to the effect that
many barns and houses have been de
stroyed or badly damaged. No loss of
life is reported thus far.
DELPHOS, Ohio, July 27.— The North
ern Ohio Railroad shops were unroofed and
Scott's paper-mill almost completely de
stroyed by a severe rain and wind storm,
which struck the city at 6 o'clock this
evening. A corner was torn from tne
Phelau Hotel and bricks blown across the
street, breaking heavy glass plate fronts.
Several people were more or less injured
by flying debris, but none fatally. The
storm traveled eastward.
LIMA, Ohio. July 27.— Hundreds of der
ricks in the oil region were destroyed by a
small tornado which struck here at 5:30
o'clock this evening. The rain did much
damage to crops, shade trees, telephone
and teiemraph wires. No liveß were lost.
VAN WERT. Ohio, July 27.— About 5
o'clock this afternoon the air became icy
cold ana a few minutes later the worst
storm in yeajfs broke over the county.
Rain came down in torrents. The worst
damage done so lar reported was donw to
a brick church, school and several large
barns in Ridge township. The roof of tbe
First National building was blown off.
Oats and wheat are swimming in lakes of
water, while corn lies on the ground. The
damage to crops will be heavy. A con
servative estimate place* the loss at $100,
--000. No fatalities have been reported.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., July 27.—Dis
patches say that two severe windstorms
passed over Northern Indiana to-night,
but no particulars have been received
here.
ALEXANDRIA, Mo., July 27 .-The Fox
River levee west of here has broken in
two different places and the water from
that stream has inundated 5000 acres of
land. If the water aoee not recede shortly
the entire crops on this area will be ruined.
Many familiies living in the flooded dis
trict have been compelled to move to the
uplands for safety. But for the low stage
of water in4he Mississippi this town would
have been swept off the face of the earth.
EDGAR, Nebr., July 27.— One of the
most if not the most violent hailstorm
ever experienced in Nebraska visited this
town and immediate viciniiy eariy this
morning. Hailstones fell with such force
as to ahatter window-panes, sash and
shutters. In one or two instances shingles
were splintered and house roofa partially
demolished. Trees were left bare of
leaves and branches and growing crops
for a limited district literally pounded into
tue ground. With hardly an exception
every west-side window in the town was
shattered.
ST. ANTHONY, lowa, July 27.— A storm
of large proportions struck this place last
night, and as a result nearly every build
ing in town is wrecked or badly damaged.
So far as known no one was injured. It is
impossible to estimate the damage at
present, but it will reach many thousands
of dollars on town property, and in the
surrounding country the damage to crops
is enormous. Corn was blown out by the
roots, while oats in shock was scattered
and badly injured. The list of the buiU
ings damaged is as follows: School
house, Disciple Church and Methodist
Presbyterian Church, badly wrecked;
blacksmith shop blown down; livery barn
unroofed ; O. J. Abbott's barn destroyed
and house partially wrecked; lumber
house blown away and the storage-house
of the Kansas City Grain Company blown
down ; Dr. Jay's barn and Andrews' bouse
badly wrecked; Diebl's barn torn to
pieces; Atkinson's barn blown down;
Bioom's house wrecked ; Evans & Mabie's
roof blown off their place of business;
Peter Robinson's house wrecked and barn
unroofed and the depot badly damaged.
The wind took a clip at nearly every
thing., and hardly a house or building es
caped some sorl of injury. Nearly ail
property damaged was insured, but tne
loss will fall heavily. No fatalities have
been reported.
DUBUQUE, lowa, July 27.— A fierce
rainstorm swept this section last night,
the fall being 4.82 inches. Hilly streets
were badly washed out and debris carried
down on the street railway tracks, block
ading them. Railroads suffered heavily.
Later reports of the storm indicate that it
was more disastrous than at first supposed.
Only the Illinois Central 400 feet of track
was washed out at Dyereville, 208 at Julien
and a bridge at Rockdale, besides wash
outs at "Portage Curye and Scales Mound.
The Milwaukee bridge, south of town, and
a portion of the tract near Showandasee
are destroyed. The Chicago and Great
Western has washouts and Durango and
Dyers ville, and trains are badly delayed.
Frank Wahe was drowned while attempt
ing to ford a swollen creek at Lryersville.
Many small buildings in the country were
blown down by the wind, while a number
of dwellings were struck by lightning.
LEMARS, lowa, July 27.— Last night's
hailstorm destroyed nearly all corn and
uncut grains in a strip twenty miles long
and three miles wide in this county.
Severe damage was done in surrounding
counties.
GENEVA, lowa, July 27 —A terrific
hailstorm ten miles in width passed over
the country four miles east of Here yester
day afternoon. The corn crop in the
center of the district was completely
ruined, being literally pounded into tie
ground. Haiistones fell over twelve
inches in circumference. The damage
cannot be estimated.
CHEROKFE, lowa, July 27.— A de
structive bail and wind storm occurred
here last night Corn and unharvested J
small grain will be almost a total failure.
OSKALOOSA, lowa, July 27. — Sec
tions of the lowa Central tracks were
washed out by a storm, and traffic was
delayed six hours.
ALBION, lowa, July 27.— Albion and
vicinity was visited by a small-sized, tor
nado, which, besides money damage, will
probably result In the loss of one life. The
residence of William Dennis, Bouth of
town, was blown to pieces and Mrs. Dennis
was fatally injured.
RIPPEY, lowa, July 27.-During a big
storm last night a big tent in which gos
pel services were being held blew down
and a panic nearly ensued. No one was
seriously injured.
PITTSBURG, Pa., July 27.— A cyclone
storm burst upon this city at 4:30 this
afternoon which in a few minutes had
caused the death of two persons, the fatal
injury of another and a monetary loss of
probably $100,000 throughout Allegheny
County. Several churches in the hill dis
trict were partly unroofed and one was
struck by lightning. A number of smaller
houses were also unroofed, the streets
were flooded, sewers discharged their over
flow into tbe houses and some of the
streetcars were compelled to suspend for
periods ranting from half an hour to an
hour and a half. Hundreds of trees were
uprooted and many lawns laid waste.
Chimneys and windows were demolished
in all directions.
At Bugar Grove, a village on the West
Pennsylvania branch of the Pennsylvania
Railroad near AspinwaM, where the
Eighth Ward Fishing and Hunting Club of
Alleghany were encamped, a limb of a
sycamore tree fell on the commissary tent,
in which a number of the members of the
club had taken refujre from the storm.
John Figus of 11 Pine street, Alleghany,
was instantly killed; George Miller of 326
Main street, Alleehany. had bis back
broken and cannot recover, and Jacob
Metz and a man named O'Connell were
badly hurt.
In Pittsburg John Auflader, a teamster
for the Williams Brick Company, was
struck by a falling signboard and died
within five minutes. The storm razed the
steeple of the Centenary Methodist Epis
copal Church, Kirkpatrick street and
Wylie avenue, over 125 feet high, took the
big bell along anl dropped all into a
neighboring yard.
A 100-foot stack at the brickyards ot
Booth & Plynn was blown down. The
temperature, which had risen before the
storm to 93 degrees, fell in a few minutes
to 71 degrees. The fury of the tornado
was spent in less than ten minutes. It
was followed by several storms of less vio
lence during the evening. During the
eight hours ending at midnight 1.43 inches
of rain fell.
TELL-TALE WRECKAGE.
Tallies With the Cargo of the City of
Philadelphia.
NEW YORK, N. V., July .27.- Descrip
tions of wreckage which tallies with tbe
cargo of the missing City of Philadelphia,
which sailed from this port for San Fran
cisco on February 2, have been received
from the Falkland Islands.
The ship was spoken on May 1 last
when sixty-eight miles south by west from
Cape Horn, by the British ship Brenda,
which arrived at San Francisco July 21.
The dispatch i 3 dated Stanley, F. 1.,
June 9.
It says that among the wreckage from
a vessel lost on Billy Rock on May 14 is a
galvanized iron condenser with the fol
lowing description:
"Ironclad, double riveted, test 180
pounds, guaranteed; patented June 14
1870. October 26, 1886; exclusive license
undi:r patent 326,252. Manufactured for
Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson, San Fran
cisco and Sacramento, Cal. Twenty-one
gallons."
There were also the following, articles:
A small box of starch, marked on both
sides, "The Mirroi-glass Starch, eight
pounds; made by Gdbert S. Graves,
Buffalo, N. Y. '; cyclinder and wheels of
a lawn mower, marked at both ends
-Pniladelphia Lawn Mower."
A diver visited tbe wreck on May 28 and
broucht up the body of a young woman
She was five feet two inches iv height nnd
had black hair. She wore a small gold
chain around her neck. She had a striped
petticoat and a brown one, a brown dre«s
-o^"' * pair of Bt <x*ings and a pair
of black garters. ° F ""
\Killed by n Has Explosion.
POTTSVILLE, Pa., July 27—By an ex
plosion of gas at the Bear Ridge Colliery
this afternoon Michael Braziel Pres
ton Hill, and William Quinn? fire' bosses
of the Connors Company, were killed, and
San Bernardino** Wealth.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., July 27.—
City Assessor Beaver has completed his
*2£ ! me °* * c! , ty Property • for the year
•^««J he total assessment is $3,143 020
--in 1895-96 it was $4,553,290. The totalvalu:
$136,250. SChO OI propert y in the Clt y is;
WILLIAM HENRY
SMITH IS GONE,
Death Comes Suddenly to
the Distinguished
Writer.
FAILING FOR SOME TIME
But Heart Disease Following an
Attack of Pneumonia Is
the Cause.
LEAVES A GALLANT RECORD.
As a Newspaper Man and Historical
Scholar His Reputation Is
National.
CHICAGO. 111., July 27. — William
Henry Smith, newspaper man and his
torian of National reputation, died at 3:30
o'clock this morning at his suburban
home in Lake Forest, aged 62. He had
been in poor health for several months
and recently suffered an attack of pneu
monia. He failed in vitality afterward,
and heart disease, which followed, was
the immediate cause of death.
The intelligence of Mr. Smith's death
was a surprise to his friends, as the mem
bers of his family did not become alarmed
until last Sunday, when a consultation of
physicians was held. The symptom of
approaching death was made manifest
Sunday immediately after the deceased
had spent a restful day. At his bedside,
in addition to the physicians, were Delevan
Bmith, only son, and Charles S. Williams,
the editor of the Indianapolis News. Mr.
William* married the only daughter of
Mr. Smith, and she died last fall. Mr.
Smith was also a widower. The funeral
will be held at the Lake Forest residence
Wednesday afternoon, the time having
been arranged so that several Eastern
newspaper men can attend the services
o\er the body of their old friend.
Mr. Smith was born in Colombia County,
New York, December 1, 1833, bis ancestors
beine a mixture of English, Scotch and
Dutch. His father, William de Forest
Smith, was of English origin. His an
cestors came to America in 1640, and his
parents moved to Ohio, where he had ex
cellent educational advantages. He
adopted teaching in a Western college,
and afterward became an editor of a Cin
cinnati paper. At 22 Mr. Smith was editor
and also did work for the Literary Review.
He was engaged on the Cincinnati Ga
zette during the war; helped to raise
troops and supplies and strengthened the
Government by political work. He was
mainly instrumental in making John
Brough Governor of Ohio, afterward be
coming the Governor's secretary and Sec
retary of State for the terms 1564-66. From
that office Mr. Smith became managing
editor of the Chronicle, retiring on account
of ill health, and in 1870 became manager
of the Western Associated Press, with
headquarters here. President Hayes ap
pointed him Collector of the Fort In
1863 he became general manager of the
Western Associated and New York Asso
ciated Press, retiring in 1891.
As a historical scholar, Mr. Smith was
the author of "The St. Clair Papers,"
"Biography of Charles Hammond" and a
history of Ohio. He was at wort on a po
litical history of the United States and a
life of President Hayes, when overtaken
by his fatal Illness.
Sir John Millaia Is Dying.
LONDON, Ekg.. July 27.— One of the
watchers at the bedside of Sir John Mil
lais, president of the Royal Academy,
who some time ago underwent the opera
tion ot tracheotomy and has since been
constantly under medical treatment, in
formed a representative of the Daily News
this evening that Sir John's death is only
a question of hours. The condition of his
throat renders it impossible for him to
take any nourishment.
Revolutionists Arrested
BERLIN, Gebmasy, July 27.— The War
saw correspondent of the Cologne Gazette
telegraphs that several arrests have been
made there of persons said to be connected
with an impending Polish revolutionary
movement. ,
NEW TO-DAY.
A great tumble— and it makes him
smile, too,
| Boys' school suits— the "right"
kind at about half the "right"
price.
500 of our best Cheviot suits —
Reefer style — with and without
braid ; not flimsy material, but
regular weight, extra well made
and nicely lined ; perfect fitting
garments ; for ages 4 to 10.
Suits we have been selling at
$9, $8.50, $8 and $6.50. The
whole lot cut to — $5.
Another line of Reefer suits at |2 50, $3,
$3 50 and $4 50— extra value.
Boys' knee pants— 2sc and 50c
Boys' long pants— Jl so.
Don't wait too long — the early
folks get the pick.
Say this — isn't that enough?MANUFACTURERS
ARE WELCOMED,
Arrival of the Americans
at the Port of Rio
de Janeiro.
GREETED BY THOMPSON.
The United States Minister Meets
The Party at the Capital
of Brazil.
GREAT PREPARATIONS MADE.
No Efforts to Be Spared in Entertain
ing the Distinguished Trade
Representatives.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil, Jaly 27.—
The party of American manufacturers
which sailed from New York on the Ist of
July, via Southampton and London, to
risit the Argentine Republic, Uruguay
»nd Brazil, arrived at this port to-day on
board the Royal Mail steamship Danube.
The United States Legation had been
»a vised of their coming, and Minister
Thomas L. Thompson of California, ac
companied by his family, went on board
the Danube to welcome the distinguished
party. Minister Thompson had notified
:he Brazilian Government of the expected
risit, and wheu the Danube touched at the
ports of Pernambuco on July 23 and Bahia
on July 25 the party was received by the
port authorities and the representatives of
the Federal Government. The United
Stntes Consuls formed a part of the wel
coming party and joined with the local
luthorities in extending most cordial
greetings to those representatives of Araeri
;an commerce. '
Minister Thompson states that the Bra
tilian Government has made all arrange
ments for the visit of this party on their
return from the Argentine Republic the
latter part of August. The American col
>ny has joined with the United States
Suvernment representatives and have ar
ranged such a programme- as will enable
ihe distinguished visitors to see every
;hing of interest, not oniy in the city of
Rio de Janeiro, but in the surrounding
country.
A special train has been arranged for
K-hich will convey the party through the
•ich plantations down to the city of Sao
Paola and from there down to Porto San
:os, which is famed for its extensive ship
nents of coffee.
The party proceeds to-night on the
Danube for the River Platte, where they
Kill arrive on August 2 and be received by
L'nited States Minister Buchanan and the
•epresentatives of the Argentine Govern
ment.
FIGHT FOR A PETRIFIED MAN.
Hinnesotans Recognize Their Father's
Features and Bring Suit to Recover
the Stone Corpse.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, July 27.— The
>etrified man, which had the distinction
»f occupying a cell in a county jail in
fVestern Minnesota for several days while
:he men that were exhibiting it and the
nan on whose farm it was found were
ighting for its possession, has just been
irought here from Fargo. The contro
versy as to who owns the body will be con
tinued here by the sons of th« dead man,
vliose body they say they recognize it 10
The sons, who reside in Northwestern
Minnesota, say that they are able to prove
•he corpse to be that of their father by the
Matures, which are as well preserved as if
:heyhau been sculptured in marble, and
by evidences of a crippling of the left ieg.
The Le Counts fohowed tne body here
trom Mooreheatl, Minn. They first went
o Fargo with a warrant for the arrest ot
.he exhibitors, McPherrin and Holmes,
»n the charge of grave robbery. The
tutborities refused to send the accused
nto Minnesota without a hearing, and in
he mean time allowed them their liberty
md to continue exhibiting the petrifaction.
The hearing was to have been held this
.fiernoon, out Friday night Holmes and
HcPherrin shipped the stone man to
lioorehead, Minn., and came on to this
rity with it. Tnere is now a three-sided
ifjht to determine the ownership of the
mage, with the Dominion Government
losing as a referee in the preliminary con-
MRS. MANLON SANDS DEAD.
treatly Resembled the Princess of Wales
and }»«»» Noted in Society.
LONDON, Esq., July 27.— Mrs. Mahlon
lands, daughter of the late Mr. Hartpence
if New York and a niece of Governor Levi
?. Morton, died on Friday last at her resi
lence, in this city, from heart disease.
["he funeral services will be held to-mor
tow at St. George's Church, Hanover
tquare, and the remains will afterward be
hipped to the United States. Mrs. Sands
vas well known in society here. She was
,n intimate friend of the Princess of
Vales, whom she greatly resembled. It is
aid on two occasions she and the Princess,
iy mutual arrangement, attended fancy
tress balls attired in similar costumes,
vhen it was almost an impossibility to
ell one from the other. Mrs. Sands was
. widow, her husband having been killed
iy being thrown from his horse some time
.CO.
CONSUL McCARGRAN'S REPLY.
jona Statement to the State Department
in His Own Brhalf.
DURANGO, Mexico, July 27.— John H.
dcCaugnan, United States Consul at this
ilace, has just prepared an extended re
ily to the charges recently made againrt
.im by the State Department at Washing
on in relation to bis action in the case of
everal Americans in jail here charged
ritta robbery from tbe works of the Iron
fountain Company of this place, with
rhich McCaughan is connected.
McCaughan states in his answer to tbe
hargea that when tbe men were arrested
le turned tbe matter over to the Vice
k)nsul here, ana claims that he is not re
ponsible for the delay in bringing the
ccused to trial. The prisoners have now
•een in jail for nearly two years without
rial.
FOELEY SEEKS INFORMATION.
Inxiout to Learn the Status of the Vent-
zuelan Iritputr.
LONDON, Etc., July 27.— The Venezu
lan question was again brought up in the
louse of Commons to-day by a question
com John Morley, Chief' Secretary for
relaml, who asked iorinformation regard
ng the papers on tie subject recently laid
.pon the table of the House.
In replying Right Hon. George Curzon,
•aruamentary Secretary of the Foreign
Office, said that the statement of the ae
fense of Venezuela's claim recently sub
mitted to the American high commission
had not yet reached the Foreign Office.
When it was received it would be laid on
the table.
ISOLATED MINING CAMPS.
Their Supplies Cut Off by the Recent
Colorado Cloudbursts.
DENVER, Colo., July 27.— As a sequel
to the series of cloudbursts there is a new
and serious trouble confronting the people.
It will take a month or even more for the
railroads reaching several of the most im
portant milliner camps to make sufficient
repairs to enable tbej-unningot trains.
All of these camps depend on Denver
for their daiiy supply of provisions and
stocks. General depopulation of the towns
and a suspension of mining operations
until such time as the railroads are able
to care for the requirements of the resi
dents is not improbable.
On Saturday "the second cloudburst over
took several teams that had been sent into
the foothills for the purpose of bringing in
the bodies of tbe dead, and it was only by
shouldering corpses that the searchers suc
ceeded in regaining the lower level.
ARMENIAN FAMILY REUNITED.
Mother and Daughters Join Husband and
Father After Many Tears.
PATERSON, N. J., July 27. — Mrs.
Thomas H. Aslaniani and her two daugh
ters, 14 and 12 years old, have arrived from
Armenia and rejoined the husband and
father after years of separation. For years
tbe mother and daughters have been en
deavoring to escape from Armenia to join
Asianlani, who succeeded in getting to
America several years ago, but the Turkish
authorities refused them passports. Just
before they started for this country they
witnessed some of the horrors of the
slaughter of the Christian Armenians by
the Turks, and were themselves subjected
to insult and danger.
Vanderbilt's Condition.
NEWPORT, R. 1., July 27.— A visit to
"The Breakers" this afternoon failed to
bring forth an official announcement as to
Mr. Vanderbilt's condition as Dr. McLane
was out driving. No word had been left
by him for callers. There were many
callers during the day, but it was generally
understood about the place that the sick
man had passed a good niirht and that his
condition was more comfortable than ex
pected by his physicians.
JOIN THE CONTRACTORS.
Peculiar Arrangement Growing
Out of the Strike of the
Tailors.
There Is Now a United Demand Upon
the Manufacturers for Higher
Prices.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 27.— With
this, the beginning of the second week of
the tailors' strike,tbe workmen find them
| selves for the first time in the history of
i the unions in alliance with the contractors
I against the manufacturers. What little
concealment of this situation there was
yesterday was entirely cast aside to-day,
and even the contractors themselves ad
! mitted they nad committees scurrying
i around about town to get all the contrac
i tors to come in and unite in a demand
I upon the manufacturers for higher prices.
They based their demand upon the con
tract submitted by the striking tailors,
which calls for higher wages and shorter
hours for the coming year.
,V.lt was the opinion of tbe contractors
that it would be the end of the week be
fore the demands of the contractors would
be presented to the manufacturers. Unless
the latter acquiesced the contractors could
not agree to the terms ' proposed <by the
tailors.
Two hundred and fifty youne women,
members of the United Garment-workers'
Union in Brooklyn, went out on strike
this morning. They were in sympathy
with the Wiiliamsburg tailors.
As a result of a conference between a
committee of the strikers and a committee
of .the contractors to-day" the Brotherhood
of Tailors will defer indefinitely treating
with the contractors as individuals, it hav
ing been agreed to give the contractors an
opportunity to induce ail the non-union
contractors to join their association and
ignore for the present all those who wish
| to sign the contract as individuals.
*
&BABOXESS " niiAWfO AGAIN.
About to Bring Suit for Divorce From
Her Fottrth Husband.
NEW YORK, N.Y., July 27.— The "Ba
roness" Blanc appears to be in trouble
again. According to well-defined rumors
her fourth matrimonial venture has ended
like the others — in disaster. Since her
secret marriage on June 13 to young
Leeds Vaughan Waters rumors have been
afloat of legal difficulties, in which the
family of the young man are takinc an
aggressive part.
Mrs. Waters, the mother of the young
man, is now in Paris, and it is said the
Waters family is endeavoring to secure an
annulment of the marriage. The "Baron
ess," it is said, stands upon her rights, is
prepared to prove the validity of the mar
riage and i*- determined that if there is a
separation the initiative shall be taken by
her. To this end, it is said, she has in
structed her attorneys to bring proceed
ings for a divorce. This part of the re
port, however, is denied by tne law firm.
Before meeting Waters she had been
married to Alfred Laurence Riegel, Fred
erick N. Blanc and Shirley Onderdonk,
who is said to be still living.
ELUPEMENT SPOILED.
Daughter of an Aged Farmer Brings
Him tn His Senses.
BENSON VILLE, N. V., July 27.— Joseph
K. Wai worth, 65 years old, a widower and
well-to-do farmer, set out yesterday to
elope with Susie Hall, the 19-year-old
daughter of a neighbor, but the couple
were pursued and overtaken by the farm
er's daughter on a wheel.
The sight of his weeping daughter and
j thoughts of her dt-votion to him so affected
the farmer that despite Miss Hall's pro-
I tests he turned his "horse about and set
I out toward dome. Miss Walworth fol
lowed on her bicycle.
Wben Miss Hall's home was reached
there was a brief conference between the
three, and then Walworth, declaring that
he had erred in the course he had taken,
decided to abandon his matrimonial plans.
He drove home with his daughter. Miss
Hall now threatens to prosecute the famr
er for breach of promise.
TENNIS AT LAKE MINNETONKA.
Open to All Camrr* for the Northwest
f'hainpionmhip.
LAKE MINXETOXKA, Minn., July
27. — The eighth annual allcomers' tennis
tournament for the championship of the
Northwest opened to-day on the grounds
of the Hotel Lafayette with a large at
tendance of players. The winners ot the
singles will be called upon to play C. B.
Neel of Chicago for the championship and
the challenge cup, and which becomes the
property of any one winning it three
times. *Neel has aireaoy won it twice.
The winners of the doubles will be called
upon to play Jayne and Cook, of Minne
apolis, for the double championship of the
Northwest,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, TUESDAY, JULY 28, 1896.
GUARDED LIKE
DOOMED FELONS,
General Lee's Representa
tives Talk With Com
petitor Prisoners.
TAKEN FROM THE FORT
And Surrounded by a Double
Line of Pickets During the
Conference.
FIRST OUTING IN TWO MONTHS
Weyler's Order Prohibiting Exporta
tion of Cuban Fruit Injures
American Merchants.
HAVANA, Cuba, July 27.— The son of
General Lee and two gentlemen from the
American consulate held an interview
with the Competitor prisoners on July 24.
They were not permitted to enter tbe
prison, but the seven men of the Competi
tor were taken outside of the fort to a
guaad house for a conference. General
Lee, being slightly indisposed, was not
able to be there in person.
The prisoners were closely guarded, a
double line of pickets being stationed
around the guardhouse. They had not
been out of their cells for two months.
All appeared to be in fairly good health,
it is understood the review of the Com
petitor case will be taken up in the Su
preme Couit at Madrid some time in
August. Nothing whatever as yet has
been done in the case.
Strenuous efforts are being made by
General Lee on behalf of the Government
against the order of General Weyler pro
hibiting the export of fruit. This prohibi
tion is causing an immense damage to
American commerce and business. The
principal reason for the prohibition of the
export of fruit to certain seaport towns is
that they are virtually under the control
of the rebels.
The Bpanish are not able to station large
bodies of troops at all of these places, nor
are the Cubans able to openly hold the
places on account of the Spanish fleet, but
all the Cubans shipping fruit are in sym
pathy with the rebels and furnish them
with'money.
This order is an indirect blow at the rebel
resources in Cuba, as the prohibition of
the exportation of tobacco was to Ameri
cans.
CUBA'S PRESIDENT.
Groundless Rumor That He Is in »tr
Xork City.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 27.— There is
no fouudation for the rumor that Senor
Salvador Cisneros Betancourt, President
of the republic of Cuba, is in New York, or
even coming to the United States at the
present moment. Dr. J aquin Castillo
Duany, the Cuban auD-deiegate, said yes
terday:
"On Saturday evening Senor Estrada
Palma went to Central Valley to spend
Sunday with his family, and he did not
say a word about the President coming.
The news must come from a Spanish
source. Our enemies are now inventing
all sorts of things to destroy tho moral
effect of our unquestionable success. They
report encounter after encounter in which
the patriots are always defeated, and yet
we know that, with few exceptions, the
righting is for the present reduced to mere
skirmishes."
•
CUBAN REFUGEES QUARANTINED.
Eleven Mien Arrive at Nassau from a
Tellotr Fever Port.
NASSAU, N. P., July 27.— Colonel Ces
pedes of the insurgent forces in Cuba,
wounded, and ten other men. arrived here
to-day in an open boat. They were five
days out from Neuvatas, bound for New
York. They will take the steamer from
tnis port. Colonel Cespedes is the bearer
of dispatches from the insurgent Govern
ment to the Cuban Junta in New York.
In the party is Grover Flint, correspond
ent of the New York Journal, wboTias for
some time been with the rebels in the
field. Coming from a yellow fever port,
all the members of the party were quaran
tined.
BARREN SPANISH VICTORIES.
Kill a Handful of Rebels and Capture a
Hospital.
HAVANA, Cuba. July 27.— General Lin
ares reports that his command has had an
engagement with bands of rebels under
Calixto Carcia, Cebreco, Periquito, Perez,
near Sango, in the province of San
tiago de Cuba. The rebels, according to
the report, were dislodged from their posi
tion and dispersed. Tne troops lost nine
killed and one lieutenant and twenty-five
privates wounded. The insurgents left
seven of their number dead on the held
and carried away with them the bodies of
several others who were killed and a num
ber of wounded.
Major Yglesias. while in pursuit of a
rebel band near Loania del Cura, in the
Matanzas province, came upon an insur
gent hospital, which he captured alter a
fight lasting an hour. Two insurgents
were killed during the fight and two oth
ers were made prisoners.
Luis Muiro, Miguel Alvarez, Rodriguez,
Jose Jiminez, Robaina and Antonia Cairo
were shot at Matanzas this morning for
the crime of rebellion.
SPAIN'S CREDIT GONE.
Unable to Negotiate for the Purchase of
Ttco CruiserM.
MADRID, Spain, July 27.— A Genoese
firm of shipbuilders has refused to ratify
the contract made Dy its agent with the
Spanish Government for the purchase of
two cruisers and their action has caused
much excitement here. It is aaid that the
vessels in question have been bought by
the United States. . *
SAVINGS BANK DECISION.
Validity of Rule* Governing Depositors
in Regard to Passbooks.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 27—Judge
Daly, in the appellate term of the Supreme
Court, to-day handed down a decision
which is of interest to every savings bank
depositor in the country. In it he holds
that when a depositor subscribes to the
rules of a savings bank governing deposits,
which rules provide that the presentation
of a bankbook shall be sufficient evidence
of authority to the bank to make any pay
ment to the bearer, such payments shall
be valid wben there is no circumstance in
connection with the passbook to justify
suspicion. The decision is in the case of a
depositor of the Citizens' Savings Bank
against that institution, who had nearly
$10,000 on deposit, and which deposit was
withdrawn by another person, who had
obtained possession of his passbooks.
Judge Daly's decision was on an appeal.
The case had been tried twice in the lower
courts, and in both instances the decision
was in favor of the plaintiff.
BLACK HILLS VOLCANO.
Interesting Discoveries by a Geological
Surveying Party.
ST. PAUL, Minn., July 27.— Professor J.
E. Todd, Stale Geologist of South Dakota,
who recently left Vermilion in charge of
a geological surveying party for a tour of
exploration in tbe Black Hills, is sending
back reports of great interest concerning
the discovery of an old volcano on Band
Creek, in the Bad Lands, not far from
Hermosa.
Near the point where Sand Creek empties
into the White River is a hill some eighty
feet in height- This hill, Professor Todd
says, vibraies and groans almost con
stantly. The squaw men living in the
vicinity are given as authority for the
statement that it has once or twice trem
bled so violently as to overturn heavy
wagons and has thrown down persons
standing upon it. About half wav up its
side is a bed of volcanic ashes, between
ten and fifteen feet in depth.
Another peculiar formation is a valley
near Pine Ridu'e, in which are numerous
shifting dunes, which are believed to
change their positions every change of the
wind" and are receiving much attention
from the surveying party. It is expected
the results of the expedition will be of
much value in science.
DIED IN A SWIMMING POOL.
W. B. Noble of Washington Expired Un
der Peculiar Circumstances.
GLENWOOD SPRINGS, Colo., July
27.— W. B. Noble of Washington died in
the swimming pool this evening. His
family are in Bar Harbor. Me., for the
summer and Mr. Noble had decided to-day
to join them. He had purchased a rail
road ticket and while waiting for the
train decided to go in the pool once more.
Being an invalid under the care of an at
tendant and physician Mr. Noble was not
easily satisfied and he sent the attendan
into the bathhouse on an errand while he
sat on the steps leading into the pool.
When the attendant returned Mr. Noble's
head was bent forward under the water
and he was taken out dead. Benator Mc-
Pherson of New Jersey, who is stopping at
Hotel Glenwood, took charge of the body
and will await advices from the family.
A DONNYBROOK OPENING.
Anarchists Are Denied Seats in
London's Socialist-Labor
Congress.
A Battle Results, the Hall Is Cleared
and the Meet ng Adjourns
for a Day.
LONDON, Eng., July 27.— The fourth
International Socialist Trade Council
opened ir this city to-day, 800 delegates
being p.f.sent. Among the American dele
gates are Lucian Sanial of the Socialist
Trade and Labor Alliance; Matthew Ma
guire, who represents the Socialist- Labor
party of New Jersey; H. Bestold, who rep
resents the brewery employes, and M.
Dalski.
It is expected that tbe congress will be
more important than those held in Paris
in 1889, in Brussels in 1891 and in Zurich
in 1893.
The chair was occupied by M. Cowey, a
Northumberland miner, who made a
speech welcoming the delegates. The re
port of the sectional meetirj s was read.
A large majority of the delegates voted
against: tbe admission of anarchists
when the question of whether they be
received as delegates was mooted in the
plenary congress.
A prolonged uproar followed, the an
archists and th*tir supporters being appar
ently determined that they should be re
ceived as delegates. Finally the anarch
ists tried to ftorm the platform. Their
opponents rallied in front of the platform
and hurled the anarchists back in a fistic
encounter.
The delegates of the British Inde
pendent Labor party sided with the
anarchists in their efforts to command
recognition.
James Keir Hardie, who formerly repre
sented the Labor party in the House of
Commons, was conspicuous for his bawl
ing and his personal threats against the
chairman. It having been found im
possible tn restore even a semblance of
order, the chairman declared the concress
adjourned until to-morrow, and ordered
tbe hall to be cleared.
FIG PLANTS FOR CALIFORNIA.
Experiments to Be Mnde With Smyrna
and Adriatic Varieties.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 27.—Cap
tain Heiges, chief of the pomological divi
sion of the Agricultural Department, said
to a Call correipondent to-day that, if
possible, the department would distribute
some varieties of fig plants in California
this season.
"The Royal Horticultural Society of
London," said he, "obtained about 100
varieties of Smyrna and Adriatic tig
plants, and we secured sixty-nine varie
ties from the pocietv. They are growing
on the farm of John Rock at Niles, Cal.
"Dr. Gu.-tave Eisen of California, who is
an authority on horticulture, knows all
about figs and has listed the various kinds.
His list of names agrees with that of the
Royal Horticultural Society. Our prin
cipal object in growing the sixty-nine
varieties is to properly name and classify
the fruit. Some of each kind will be sent
to the department for that purpose. Ido
not know whether or not Mr. Rock will
have plants to distribute in California, but
I expect to hear from him soon in relation
to this matter."
Captain Heige says fig-growing prom
ises to be an important industry, not only
in California, but in Northern and Eastern
States. He nays they are being success
fully grown in Illinois, in Washington
State and as far north as Canada. Of
course the fruit grown in the North and
East is only for immediate consumption,
or for canning or pickling, as the figs can
not be sun dried and cured except in Cali
fornia.
The Department of Agriculture will
issue a bulletin on figs in about ten days.
FOR DEPENDENT EX-SLAVES.
Cornerstone of a Home Laid at St.
']>!•, Mo.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.,' July 27.— corner
stone of the , Home for , Dependent ex-
Slaves wag put ;in place yesterday after
noon with appropriate exercises. An im
mense crowd was present and included
persons from" five States." Before the pro
gramme began there was an immense
street parade. • '
The home has the indorsement of the
Governors of ihirtv-fonr States and each
contributed a brick, Governor Jackson of
lowa v making the * first contribution.
Twenty-five thousand school-children con
tributed 1 cent each. I The buildings will
cost $75,000. ■-■.■■' '-■ ■■■■ ■■■■ .
A Week's Work /or Naval Militia.
CHICAGO, 111., July 27.-The first bat
talion of the recently organized naval
militia of Illinois this morning embarked
on the United States steamship Michigan,
which had been designated for the purpose
by the Secretary of the Navy, and pro
ceeded to Camp Logan, near Waukegan,
for its first tour of duty. The second
battalion will arrive by rail from Moline
and Alton to-morrow. The routine of duty
provides for three days' drill on board in
general seamanship and three days' drill
on shore with target practice and signal
ing.
BIG SHIPYARDS
BURN AT BELFAST,
Covered Eighty Acres and
Employed an Army
• of Men.
LOSS OVER A MILLION.
Founded Thirty-Three Years Ago
and Owned by Harland
& Wolff.
BUILDERS GF THE OCEANIC
Figures Showing the Business Growth,
Enterprise and Originality of
the Firm.
BELFAST, Ireland, July 27.— The great
shipbuilding yards of Harland & Wolff, in
this city, were burned to-day. The loss
is $1,250,000. They covered eighty acres.
The firm employed upward of 8000 bands.
In 1853 the foundation of what has been
known for years a: Harland & Wolff's
shipyard was laid on Queens Island, and
the Mary Sewhouse, a sailing ship of 1289
tons register, was launched in tbe follow
ing year. It was owned by R. Hickson &
Co., and Edward Harland was general
manager. At that time it covered four
acres of ground and turned out 6707 tons
of shipping in the period from 1853 to
1858. In the latter year it was sold to Mr.
Harland. At the time of the fire it cov
ered over seventy acres and employed at
times 10,000 men and never less than 7000,
and in October last had ships of 33,000
aggregate tonnage under hand.
ThegroTtb. of the business is shown as
follows: From an aggregate tonnage of
6707 in the five years ending in 1358 the
aggregate rose to 30 vessels of HO.L'ZB tons
in tbe period ending in 1864; then 36 ves
sels of 28,023 tons; then 17 vessels of 46,282
tonB; in the period ending in 1879 44 ves
sels of 57,068 tons; in the five years ending
1884 104,025 tons; in the period ending
in 1889 156,077 tons, and during the four
years ending December, 1893, 247,777 tons.
After standing alone two years Mr. Har
land took G. W. Wolff as his partner, and
they Degan by building three iron steam
ers for Bibby, Son* <fe Co., of Liverpool.
Mr. Harland's originality and independ
ence of thought at once asserted itself, and
he departed from professional orthodoxy.
He did not build fat, tubby ships, but
long, lean ones; he increased tbe length
without increasing the breadth of beam;
he got great strength by the extension of
the ironwork, so that the hull became
really a "box girder"; he made the masts
all of one length, abolished yards, reduced
the number of sails, and in divers other
ways made changes in the form of steam
ers which time showed to be improve
ments, but which were viewed with sus
picion, and often with derision. The
earliest steamer of the long, lean type
which entered the Mersey from Belfast
was scoffed at and foreoi'dained to Davy
Jones, and tbe immense Campania, built
by this firm, is even now viewed with sus
picion by seamen.
Every boat now in the White Star fleet
has been built by Harland 4 Wolff. The
Oceanic, which for years ran between San
Francisco and the Orient under the tiag of
the Occidental and Oriental Company,
first of tbe series built to equal and excel
the Cunarders, had 400 feet keel, 32 feet
hold and oniy 41 feet beam ; and she inau
gurated a new type of ocean steamer, both
in the principles of construction and in
tbe improvements of the internal fittings.
In this, for instance, cabin passengers
were first carried amidships; hitherto they
bad been at the stern, where the heaving
and the vibration are the greatest. The
success of this vessel led to the building
of the line entirely at Belfast
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Gajnes in the National League
Yesterday.
CLrßa.
Won.
Lost -ic>nt.
Cincinnati.:.
Baltimore
i-'lcvcland
:.'hicaso. .... ;
Pittsburgh
Boston.
Philadelphia....
Brooklyn
Washington
Raw Yorlc
!«u Louis
Louisville....
60
5*2
M
50
44
42
37
37
33
32
25
21
2e ; .698
26 .666
29 .646
08 .668
37 .543
37 .531
43 .46.'
44 .466
44 . .428
47 I .405
57 .300
58 .265
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 27.— The Browns won a
slow game from the Colonels to-day. The vis
itors Rot roon of their hits when they did no
service. Both pitchers were in good form.
Clingman was sent to the bench by Umpire
Betis in the third inning for insubordination.
Attenuance 1000. St. Louis— 6, 9, 3; Louis
villes—3, 9, 1. Batteries— Fraser and Dexter;
Kissinger and Murphy. Umpire — Belts.
CHICAGO, ILL., July 27.— Hawley started in
to pitch f-r PiUsburg to-day, but after the first
inning Has' ings was put in. The fielding on
both sides was full of sensational pluyg. At
tendance 1200. Chicagos— 9, 9, 0; Pittsburgh—
3, 9, 3. Batteries— Friend and Donahue;
Hastings and Merritt. Umpire— Emslie.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 27.— Cuppy pitched
wonderful ball up to the ninth inning and
had the locals shut out. In this inning Milter
flew to McGarr and McPhee got a base on balls,
then Yauehan doubled to center, McPhee
scoring. Smith singled, Vaughan scoring,
lrwin then sent the ball over the leu field
fence for a home run, Smith scoring. The
crowd went wild. Irwin was stopped at third
and borne from the field on the shoulders of
the crowd. Attendance 6000.
Cincinnati?— 3, 8, 3; Cleveland!— 2, 7, 1.
Batteries— Rbines and Peitz, Cuppy and Zim
mer. Umpire— Lally.
At Boston— Baltimore Boston; no game.
At Brooklyn — Washington-Brooklyn; no
game.
At Philadelphia— New York-Philadelphia;
no game.
THE EASTERN TURF.
Winners of Event* at Brighton Beach,
Latonia and St. J.otiin.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 27.— Results at
Brighton Beach:
One and a sixteenth miles, The Winner won,
Cromwell second, Emma C third. Time,
I:47*£.
Four furlongs, Nina Lonise won. Tempestu
ous second; Prisoner third. Time, :50.
One mile, Harpsichord won. Cassette second,
Emotional third. Time, 1 :43^.
Six furlongs. Peep o' Day won, Bmndywine
second, Graciosa third. Time, 1:15.
One and a sixteenth miles, Captain E won,
The Swain second, [lwo starters.] Time, 1:49.
Four furlongs, Takanasse won, Meadow
tborpe second, King Bon third. Time, 1:49^
Results at Latonia:
bix and h half furlongs, Damien won, Asaph
second, Coffeepot third. Time, 1:22%
Seven furlongs, Tutuilla won, Balkline sec
ond, Sama Maria third. Time, 1 :28%. .
Six furlongs. Performance won, Irby B sec
ond, Boanerges third. Time, 1:16,
One mile and seventy yards, Joe Clark won,
Klngstone second, Allegra third. Time,
I:46}£. ■• ■:,—;-,. .... .■; ... : . ; . • } -■■■ •_. :
Five and a half furlongs, Turtle Dove won,
Minnie Mnrphy . ; second. Mertie Reed third.
Time, 1 :09^. ; .
One mile, Cecil won. Free Coinage second,
Helen Mar third. \ Time, l:41
Results at St. Louis: - *
Five furlongs, Zaraida won, Atoke second,
Gladys third. Time, 1 :03^.
:■• Six ' and a ; half furlongs. Hester won,
Amelia May second, Ferris Hartmann third.
Time, I:2l}^. .:_.■■•
Five and a half furlongs, Don Fulano
won, Lime Like second, Gold Brick third.
Time, I:o9}*. ' .
. Seven furlongs, Leader Ban won, Linda sec
ond, Hantcll third. Time, l:27*i.
i One mile and twenty yards, Karbarossa won,
Our .Maggie" second, Mrs. BradsUaw third.
Time, 1 :44^. -
GOOD CHESS PLACING.
Complicated Moves in the Great Interna
tional J annulment.
NTJREMBURG, Bavaria, July 27.— At 9
o'clock this morning play was begun in
the seventh round of the international
chess tournament in this city. The results
were as follows:
Pchiffers and Pchleter drew a Center Gambit
after 22 moves.
Pi llsbury and Marco drew a Zuketort open
ing after 21 moves.
Maroczy beat Albin in a French defense
after 41 moves.
Schallop beat Porges in a two knights' de
fense after 26 moves.
Walbrodt beat Winawer in a Ruy Lopez after
51 moves.
Showalter beat Janowsky in a PetroS de
fense after 69 moves.
Tarrasch beat Meichmann In a queen's gam
bit declined after 46 moves.
Steinitz beat Blackburn in a Giuoco Piano
after 40 moves.
Tschigorin beat Charousela in a two knight 6'
defense alter 36 moves.
Lasker had a bye.
FAVORITES WIN AT BUTTE.
Slay W Goes Fire Furlongs in 1 1-3,
Lowering tlie Rrcord.
EUTTE, Mont., July 27.— The favorites
won in all but two races to-day. The short
horse winners were Tennessee Maid and
Gold Bug. TJie feature of the day was tbe
lowering of the track record for five fur
longs oy May W. Summaries:
Pacing, 2:15 class, three in five— Del Norte
won in three straight heats, Delphi second.
Best time, 2:14.
2:20 class, two in Monterey won in
two straights, Sacramento second. Best time,
2:l4i£.
r Running, five and a half furlongs, selling-
Tennessee Maid won, Shot Silk second, Latonia
third. Time, 1:05%.
Running, six furlongs, selling— Gold Bug
won, imp. Tain second, Tampa third. Time,
1:15*. ' . , .. .
Running, five furlongs— May \V won. Bill
Howard second, Ostler Joe third. Time, 1 :00J£
SANTA ROSA MARKSMEN WIN.
Petalutna Guards Beaten by One Point
in the Match Shoot.
6ANTA ROSA, Cal., July 27.— The
shooting contest between twenty picked
men of Company C of Petaluma and a like
number from Company E of Santa Rosa,
resulted in a victory for the latter team by
one point. When the last Santa Rosa man
faced the target, nothing less than a bulls
eye would win the da}. W. H. Royal was
equal to the occasion, however, and by
careful shooting scored the winning point.
The visitors were banqueted at the Mag
nolia Hotel after the contest, and it was
arranged to have the last of the series at
Petaluma in the near future.
Winans the Champion.
LONDON, Eng., July 27.— Walter Win
ans of Boston, who has held for eight con
secutive years the revolver championship of
the South London Rifle Club and for three
consecutive years the championship of the
North London Rifle Club, has won twelve
first and two second prizes in the Bizley
revolver competition, also the champion
ship for revolver shooting.
JUMPED INTO THE RIVER.
With Her Two Children a Woman
Attempts to Die in the
Delaware.
The Little Ones Perish, but the Mother
Is Hauiei Out and May
Recover.
CAMDEN, N. J., July 27.-After taking
carbolic acid to-day, Mrs. Mary Herman,
wife of John Herman, jumped into the
Delaware River with her two children in
her arms. The children were drowned,
but the woman was rescued in an uncon
scious condition, and is now at a hospital
in a precarious condition.
The supposed motive for the act is that
the woman had been charged by her
husband with misconduct with another
man. The woman made her preparations
deliberately. The children, boys aged 3
years and 13 months respectively, she
took to Walnut-street wharf.
She tied the feet and hands of the elder
boy and the leet of the younger one to
gether, then drinking half of a bottle of
carbolic acid she took the children in her
arms and jumped into the river.
Some men who were fishing near by in a
boat saw the woman jump, and rowed to
the spot and pulled her ont as she was
sinking for the third time. The children
never rose to the surface.
When Herman was told of the tragic
occurrence, he attempted to commit sui
cide, but was restrained, and to-night is
being held at the City Hall to prevent
him from killing himself.
A SPLENDID ARMY RECORD.
General Batchelder Retires Full of Years
and Honors — Speculation as to
His Successor.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 27.-Hav
ing reached the age limit to-day, General
Richard N. Batchelder, qua.termaster
general of the army, has been placed on
the retired list. His army record is an
enviable one. Few men can count more
honors than have been showered upon
him for bravery in the field and diligent
duty to his post in after-war days.
Wtio will succeed the retiring quarter
master is not known. Among the men
most prominently named for the position
are Colonel G. H. Weeks of Washington ;
Colonel James M. Moore, stationed at New
York; Colonel Charles G. Sawtelle, sta
tioned at Governors Island, and Colonel
Marshall T. Ludington, stationed at Chi
cago.
General Batchelder, a native of New
Hampshire, entered the military service
in the quartermaster's department of a
New Hampshire reeiment soon after the
war broke out and served during the entire
war, comin-,' out at the end as a brevet
brisradier-eeneral. When the war ended
he remained in the regular army with the
rank of captain. He steadily advanced
until on the 26th of June, 1890", he became
brigadier-general and quartermaster-gen
eral.
Mexican Colonists to Leave Texas.
SAN ANTONIA, Tkx., July 27.-
Through the efforts of Luts Siliceo of the
City of Mexico, acting on authority of the
Mexican Government, 1500 Mexican resi
dents of this city and other parts of South
west Texas have been organized into a
colony, and they are arranging to
leave in a body and settle on rich agri
cultural lands situated in Southern Mexi
co. The Mexican Government has offered
free transportation from the border to all
colonists who will come with their fami
lies. Liberal exemptions and advantages
are also offered the colonists.
ORGANIZED TO
LYNCH A WOMAN,
And Incidentally a Man
May Also Be Hanged
by the Mob
FURY OF NEBRASKANS.
Packing-House Men Prepare to
March Upon a
Prison.
TO CAPTURE TWO SUSPECTS.
Anna Sopher and One Spencer, Ac
cused of Murder, in Danger of
Being Put to Death.
NEBRASKA CITY, Nebr., July 27.— At
an early hour Sunday morning John
Ricker, a packing-house employe, was
shot and killed at a bouse oi ill repute by
Mrs. Anna Sopher. Ricker, with some
companions, had been drinking, and they
called at the house and were refused ad
mittance. It is claimed that Mrs. Sopher,
from an upper window, fired the shot
which killed the youth. She and a man
named Spencer were arrested pending an
inve tipation.
This evening news reached the city that
a mob of packing-house men was forming
with tbe avowed purpose of lynching the
woman and man. The Sheriff placed a
strong guard about the jail and did all in
his power to protect the prisoners.
At midnight it is reported that the plans
for the attact upon the jail are complete,
and that the mob is on the river bottoms
preparing for its work. The intention, as
near as can be learned, is to move on the
jail about 3 a. m., and, as the city and
county officers have had warning, stub
born resistance is promised, and several
prominent citizens are out seeking the
angry men to try and dissuade them from
their purpose. The efforts of the peace
makers to find the mob have been so far
unsuccessful, as the leaders are trying to
avoid observation.
Heath of a Great Publicist.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, July 27.— Jean
Baptiste Nicolas Coomans, the celebrated
Belgian publicist, died to-day, aged 82.
.- NEW TO-DAY.
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
MAGQIONI KIO GLOVES.
ANOTHER
BIG
CUT IN
PRICES!
SPECIALS AT LESS THAN HALF
FORMER PRICES.
550
Ladies'
Figured and Striped
LI NGN SKIRTS!
Extra wide and heavy, with hand-
some flounce, at
-OJSC Each.
Regular value $1.25 Each.
480 Pairs
Irish Point
Lace Curtains
AT
$2.50 Pair
Regular value $4-.50, $5 and $6 Pair.
See Window Display of above
Great Bargains.
Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
NEWMAN & LEVINSON,
125, 137, 129, "l3r.TK:earny Street.
iwi\jiii»i» I'tinMii Jihiwii w»«iiii>iHil r p | q'i n iiili i»"j»i i p i w
BRANCH STOKE— 742 and 744 Market
..:' ', ■ Street. ' , '■■. ;' ' , ' . ■,■
Wilt's Mil Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
. hare used them for over forty years to cure ,
KICK HEADACHE, GIDDLJJES3, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach. Pimples, and
purify the bloci. , . ,
uluDOiilallb ulJubillu llAlulu
-X. With this remedy • persons ■ can cure themselves v
without' the v least exposure, change of; diet, or
change in application to business. The medicio*
contains nothing that Is of the least - injury to tin
constitution. Auk your druggist tor it, trie* *1 «
bouia> •
34
BATTLE FOR A
STOCKTON MAID,
Two Young Rivals in Love
Engage in a Vicious
Combat.
EACH BADLY DAMAGED.
Meet Before a Select Crowd to
Arbitrate With Their
Fists.
KNOCK-DOWNS ARE FREQUENT.
Spectators Separate the Pair When
One's Wrist Is Broken by
a Blow.
STOCKTON, Cal. ? July 27.-One of the
most vicious fist fights that has ever
taken place in this city came off in the
rear of Higginboitham's stables on Market
street yesterday afternoon. The partici
pants were two young men who are in
love with the same fair maiden, and who
met yesterday on California street and
differed as to which was entitled to the
major share of her affections. One of
them, a 20-year-old son of Brown, th?
Sutter-street junk-dealer, offered to settle
the difßculty with his rival, a yorng man
named Gleason, who is employed in tbe
Houser-Haines works ; j this city, by re
sorting to their fists .'he challenge was
promptly accepted and the rivals repaired
to the rear of tbe stable, where several
men gathered about to see that each had
fair treatment at the hands of the other.
The tight, which was not by rounds, was
fiercely contested from start to finish. It
was only when neither man was able to
•trike another blow that the mill ended,
with honors even.
When the men had stripped for the fray
Brown appeared to be much the lighter,
weighing only 125 pounds, while his op
ponent weighed over 140 and was stockily
built and able to take punishment. At
the call of time they went at it hammer
and tongs and did not stop except when
one was knocked down, and then they were
back at each other in an instant. Neither
had any skill in handling his fists and as
a result it beoame a bruising contest.
Both were determined, but Brown seemed
to have the most pluck and energy.
Gleason scored the first knockdown and
sent his smaller antagonist sprawling with
a well-directed blow. Brown was on his
feet like a Hash and gave Gleason as good
as he sent.
After fighting for half an hour Brown
broke hU wrist. He wanted to continue
the fight, but Gleason was staggering
about from the effects of the blows
received and the spectators stopped the
miil.
FARMERS LOSE HEAVILY.
Ihe JifMtroyrd Woodbridge Dam Cannot
Re Repaired.
STOCKTON. Cal., July 27.— 1t is doubt
ful if the Woodbridge dam in the Moke
lumne River, a portion cf which was
swept away yesterday, can ever be re
paired so that it will last. It appears
that there was no proper foundation for
the piles that were driven by Contractor
Tnmelty last year, and while they were
sunk to a depth of twenty-four feet the
water eventually undermined and washed
them from their positions.
Receiver Chapman of the Canal Com
pany arrived in Woodbridge this after
noon. In his opinion the present dam can
never be repaired so that it will be of any
account. He believes a brnsh overflow
dam can be built for about $4000, and will
answer every purpose and keep the water
in the canals. Pie will have a conferenoe
to-morrow with the farmers and «cc
whether they will be willing to advance
any more money to repair the dam.
_Last year, when the break occurred,
those ranch-owners who had acreage
under irrigation put up the funds to make
the repair?, which cost $5000 There is
little chance of tbeir repeating this acMon
Many will be almost bankrupt. The canal
company is.«ued scrip in payment for
rights of way, and this was to he used
bythefarmerß in buying water rights of
the company. The con.pany also issued
timc-checka for labor, and gave scrip for
materials used. A. 11. Cowell of Lodi
holds to-day some $20,000 worth of time
checks belonging to himself and others. He
said that many of those who counted on
gettinir money on their time-checks were
in destitute circumstances, ana had it not
been for thn fact that he was carrying
them until the suit now before the United
States Circuit Court is settled they would
be starving. He holds |6000 worth of the
romnanv's time-check?, and the rest of
the $20,000 is made up of those plaoed in
his hands by laborers and tradesmen.
Receiver Chapman will probably report
soon to Judt-e McKenna the condition of
affairs, and the court may order tie com
pany n business wound up.
TO LAY DOUBLE TRACKS.
Agreement lieachrd by Stockton's Tteo
Xeu) Jlailtcayt. " *"
STOCKTON, Cal., July 27.-Chief En
gineer Storey of the,. Valley road was in
town to-day to examine, in conjunction
with Chief Engineer Atherton of the Coal
road, the respective plans of the two com
panies for their tracks on Weber avenue.
The object is to have as few crossings as
possible in reaching the water front on
Stockton Channel.
Application was made to the City Coun
cil to-night by both companies to be per
mitted to abandon some of the line of
. track now laid west of Edison street, for
the purpose of laying a double track for
. each road where there are now only single
tracks. By the arrangement entered into
to-day between the representatives of the
two companies the Valley road will take
tip its track and move it six feet south, to
make room for another track for the Coal
- road, and also to fix matters so that it can
have a line of double track west of Edison
street. ; .'-.-■■■
AT SANTA CRUZ'S CAMP.
Christian Endeavor Officers Report a
Gratifying Growth of the
Order.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., July 27.— The
Christian Assembly at Garfield Park en
joyed a half-day of actual rest from relig
ious duties of the convention, and entered
upon the adjourned session of the En
deavorers' convention this afternoon with
renewed energy. The session was opened
by Miss Nettie Bootn of Napa, and prayer
was offered by Rev. W. H. Martin of
Fresno. A song service, led by C. L.
Greene of Woodland, concluded the pre
liminary devotional exercises.
The business of the session was begun
with Rev. E. W. Mathews, editor of the
Pacific Christian of San Francisco, in the
chair, and Mr. Conley serving as secretary.
The committee on credentials — A. R. Mc-
Cullough, C. P. Pann and L. W. Teaby—
reported forty societies present, repre
sented by 160 delegates. Mrs. H. Shadle,
suDerintendent of the Junior Endeavor,
reported 1200 members of that branch.
Vice- President Nettie Booth reported 450
Endeavorers in her district. Frank Cracrof t,
vice-president of the fifth district, gave a
flattering review of his work, and others
followed with tales of success in the En
deavor field.
Mrs. Dr. J. 11. Wood of Berkeley ad
dressed the convention on the needs of
the mission of that town, which is sup
ported by the society, and the pastor of
the mission, Rev. A. M. Elston, reported
upon the hopeful condition of his church
work. R. L. McHatton, State evaneelist,
urged the continued support of the
Berkeley mission, and took pledges for
$400, which was increased at the night
meeting.
The night meeting was addressed by
Rev. Eric Lewis of England upon prac
tical experiences in South Africa. The
speaker was attired in Soudanese garb.
ANGRY SANTA ROSA BEES.
Three Persons Stung Almost to Death
for Disturbing a Hire.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., July 27.— An at
tempt to remove the honey from a bee
hive at the residence of Louis Locke yes
terday resdlted in three persons being
nearly stung to death by the angry honey
makers. R. M. Flannigan started tbe
bees into open warfare first by lifting the
hive. Just as he lifted it the bottom fell
out and the whole swarm fell upon the
unfortunate Flannigan, and he soon
dropped unconscious to the ground.
Captain Eastman hastened to the res
cue, but was soon glad to beat a hasty re
treat.
Mrs. Locke now appeared with a bucket
of water, and rescued Flanniean after
being badly stung herself, but no further
attempt was made to secure the honey.
LOS ANGELES WARFARE,
Wong Chee Seriously Wounded
by a Member of a Rival
Tong.
Hop Sing Hatchet Men Sek Revenge
for a Murder of E ghteen
Months Ago.
Los Angeles Office of The Call )
328^oith Broadway. >
Los Angeles, Cal., July 27.)
Wong Lhee, the leader of the Bing Gong
Toug faction in this city.was shot through
the jaw to-night by Wing Chew Gow, a
highbinder. He is seriously wounded.
The shooting was the outcome of a fac
tional fight which has raged here for years
past, but tbe immediate cause which led
to tbe attempt on Chee's life was a boy
cott levied by Chee's company against the
See Yips, a tributary of the Hop Sing
Tong, of which Wing Gow is a member.
There is no doubt in tbe minds of the po
lire that Wing and a companion, Gon On
Chong, were hired to kill Chee, as numer
ous attempts have been made on the life
of the Bing leader.
Chee was walking along Alameda street
near Fereuson alley at 9 o'clock when
Wing Gow and Gong Chong stepped up in
the darkness from either side and closed
in on him. Both had revolvers in their
hands, and without further ado Wing
Gow pointed his weapon at Chee's head
and fired.
Cbee fell to the sidewalk without a
word, and the two highbinders ran north
on Alameda street to Marchessault, where
they separated. Officer Matusziewig
caught Wing, however, and handcuffed
him, while Officer Stephenson arrested
Chong in the east part of Chinatown.
Cbee was hurried to the receiving hos
pital, where Police Surgeon Bryant
dressed his wound. The ball entered on
the right side, passed through the tongue,
almost severing it, and went out on the
leftside, breaking the jaw in three places.
Chee's face was burned by the powuer.
The wound was very painful and Chee
could not talk, but his assailants were
brought before him and he identified
Wing as the one who had fired the shot
and Chong as the companion of the high
binder.
About a year and a half ago Louie Suey,
a member of the opposing company, was
assassinated, and Won? Chee was ar
rested with Wonc Chuey and Wong
Wing, charged with the crime.
Chuey was sentenced to life im
prisonment, wbile the other two
were acquitted. The feeling between the
faciionß has been intense since then, and
recently Chee's company began a boycott
against the See Yips, a tributary to the
Hop See Tong, and this served to itensify
the animosity^
TACOMA'S REFORM WAVE
Chairman Holmes of the County
Commissioners Asked to
Resign.
TACOMA, Wash., July 27.— 1f Chair
man Holmes of the Pierce County Com
missioners does not resign ?t will not be
the fault of the committee of 100 citizens
which is hot on his trail. Unexpectedly
the committee met this morning and pro
ceeded in a body of eighty-five to the Com
missioners' office at the Courthouse.
President Hudson and Judge Crowley
made addresses, stating that, after sifting
the reports about Holmes to the bottom, the
committee bad come to the conclusion
that in the interests of the people and of
good government he should at once re
sign. His former admission that he took
money from Janitors Strayer and Young
was mentioned.
Holmes declared the committee had
misunderstood him and that he had not
taked money in the sense they insinuated.
He asked for time to consult his lawyer,
agreeing to give his answer by 2 p. m.
This afternoon the committee received
from Aaron Titlow, his lawyer, a defiant
refusal to resign, coupled with slighting
remarks about the committee and the sug
gestion that it try legal processes for oust
ing him. This the committee now pro
poses to do. A sub- commit tee has been
appointed to secure evidence against
Holmes, and it is said that the informa
tion it secures will be laid before the
prosecuting attorney. Holmes' term does
not expire for over two years.
Custer Post, G. A. R.,"of which Holmes
is post commander, has taken preliminary
steps toward court-martialing him.
Arrested at Bakersfleld.
BAKERSMELD, Cal.. Jnly 27.— Jacob
Flaitz, formerly a clerk at the Southern
Hole!, has been arrested on two charges of
burglary. Flaitz is accused of having some
thing to do with the attempted cracking
of McDonald's eale some time ago and
also of taking silverware from the
Southern Hotel. This is alleged to have
been taken during the time he worked
there as clerk. He maintains that be is
entirely guiltleis and will prove that be
came honestly by the eoods found in his
possession. He was held in $2500 bonds,
which he gave thia atternoon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 28, 1896.
SAN JOSE NORMAL
SCHOOL CHANGES,
Principal Childs Deposed
and A. H. Randall
Substituted.
ALL TRUSTEES CONCUR
Friends of the Ousted Professor
Charge His Removal to
Governor Budd.
NEW TEACHERS ARE ELECTED.
Professor Childs Named in the List
to Fill a Subordinate
Position.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 27.— The board of
trustees of the State Normal School held
| an important meeting to-day. Governor
j Budd and Trustees French, Black, Wil
! hoit, Dinkelspiel, Wilson and Angel were
j present. By request Governor Budd pre
sided over the deliberation. Great inter
! est was manifested in the proceedings
throughout the day by a large number of
teachers, who gathered in tbe building to
hear the first reports of any changes which
should be made. It was rumored early in
the day that Principal Childs was likely to
be dropped aud a change in several of the
department teachers was probable, and
this report proved true.
Tbe board spent the larger portion of
the morning and afternoon in executive
session. The following communication
| was read and placed on file:
To the Honorable Board of Trustees oj the
San Jost State yormal School: In the light of
the following resolutions, adopted by the asso
] elation on June 25. 1890, we as the executive
; committee representing; the San Jose State
i Normal School Alumni Association do respect
i tully petition that you consider the sentiment
j pf the same in the case of Wayne P. Smith,
I holding the chair of psychology and the pas
-1 tory of education:
Resolved, That it is the sentiment of the
alumni that merit alone be considered in the
election oi a teacher, and that no teacher be
dropped excepi for sufficient reasons.
Retolved, Taut in the case of the dismissal of
any member of the Normal faculty the board
be requested to publish the came of tbe re
moval on application of the teacher dismissed.
We urge further mat Professor Smith is a
general favorite with his classes, and that we,
representing the consensus of opinion of the
earnest graduates of the school, consider him
eminently titted as an educator and especially
qualitied for the position he now holds. Re
spectfully submitted,
James Carsox, President.
A. H. Svzzallo, Secretary.
Minnie Mackay.
Janet Cttter.
antiosette knowles.
The same organization also presented
the following, which was likewise placed
on file:
To the Honorable Board of Tnuteet of the San
Jose State Xormat School : Because oJ the fact
that our nrg* nuai'.ou is growing in importance
throughout the State, and that we are in urgent
need of a larger and permanent office, we re
spectfully petition that you grunt the request
embodied in the following resolution adopted
by the association June 25, 1890:
Rtmlvrd, that the alumni request from the
board a permanent office on the first floor of
this building.
We further urge that, if possible, the second
room on the left of tbe main entrance be al
lotted to us.
The board a few minutes later went into
executive session, which continued until
3:30 o'clock, a recess being taken only
long enough for a lunch, which was served
in the library by the janitor of the school.
When the board met again in open ses
sion, Trustee Wilhoit moved that it pro
ceed to tbe election of a principal. No
nominations were made, and tbe Gov
ernor requested the trustees to prepare
their ballots. When the ballots were
counted, the first name read was A. H.
Randall, and those in the room seemeU to
comprehend that a change was to be made
i and that Professor Childs was to be
dropped. Dr. Thomas P. Bailey got two
I votes, but three were for A. H*. Randall.
Governor Budd stated that te declined to
vote.
On motion of Trustee Angel, the election
of Professor Randall was made unanimous.
Dr. Bailey, it was stated, was not a candi
date for the office, and the votes given him
was purely complimentary.
Trustee Blacu moved that tbe salary of
the principal be fixed at $3400 a year, the
same as that received by the principals of
I the other normal schools of the State, mi
i stend of 13600, as formerly paid the princi
pal of the San Jose school.
Henry French was re-elected president
of the board. Tbe secretary was instructed
lo cast tbe ballot of the board. Mrs. Wil
ton was re-elected vice-president and Miss
Elizabeth B:aisdale secretary of the board.
Trustee Wilboit's motion thai French,
An^el and Dinkelspiel be re-elected as the
executive committee was adopted. The
board tben went into executive session
again to confer with the principal-elect in
regard to theteacliers in the various de
partments.
The following teachers were elected for
the ensuing year, with accompanying
salaries: Elizabeth MacKennon, pre
ceptress, geography and history,
%1400; Cornelia Walker, history and
metnod. $1600; Lucy M. Waibburn,
physiology and zoology, $1600:
fcttie Kinney, physolo^y and zoology,
$1000; R. S. Halway, chemistry. $2100;
Voiney Rattan, botany and zoology
$2000; L. B. Wilson* mathematics, ?1800;
j Helen S. Wright, literature and
grammar, $1600; Laura Bethell, Eng
! Jish fl300; Gertrude Payne, English
[$1200; Violet D. Jane, English, $1200;
Harriett Coy, reading and Enehsh, $1000; '
Gerhard School, drawing and clay model
ing, $1800; Matilda S. Baker, drawing and
i clay modeling, $900; James K. Aadicott,
manual training and geometry, $1300; J. H.
Eiwood. music. $900; Ruth Roy ce, librarian,
$1200; Elizabeth Bfasdel, secretary and
assistant librarian, $930; Mrs. A. K. Bush,
curator of museum, $600; Kate Cozzens
critics, $1300; Rebecca F. English, critics
$1390; Allie M. Felker, critic, $1200; C. W.
Childs, history, civil government and
principal of education, $2000; H. H. Howe,
mathematics, $1200; P. N. Condit, peda
gogy. $1300; T.L.Bolton. psychology, $2000.
C. H. A-shworth was re-elected janitor
at a salary of $1800, to provide his own
assistants.
Stephen A. Jones of the faculty resigned,
Wavne P. Smith was dropped and M. E.
Dailey was given leave of absence for a
year.
Professor A. H. Randall, the newly
elected principal, was born in Livermore,
Me., passing bis boyhood there and taking
tne ordinary course in the puolic schools
of the Pine Tree State. In the high school
he fitted himself for college, entering tbe
Maine Wesleyan University, from which
he finished bis education, taking a literary
i and scientific course. He taught four
years in bis native State, tbe last year in
"the Leeds High School.
Desiring a wider field of action, in 1864
he came to California, and becan, as most
teachers had to at that early day, in one of
the grammar if 'tools. After two years of
this work he was called to tbe Stockton
High School, and held the position of
principal of that school for sixteen years.
During those years his influence was
widely felt, as he aided in forming the
character of many who have honorably
filled bisfh positions, our present Governor,
James H. Budd. amoni; the number.
From Stockton he went to Santa Cruz,
where he was elected principal and city
superintendent of schools, He held these
positions but one term, as the trustees of
the State Normal School in San Jose,
moved by his marked succesa at Stockton
and his wise and conservative work on
the State Board ot Education, of which
he was a member for several years, called
him to this school and gave him the posi
tion of teacher of physics and mathe
matics.
In January, 1884. he began his work in
the Normal School which has won for him
the position to which he is now elected.
Professor Randall brings to the discharge
of the new duties that will devolve upon
him wide experience, ripe scholarship
and a strong determination to make the
Normal School at San Jose not only the
best in the Btate but among the best in
the country.
Trustee Dinkelspiel, when asked why
Principal Childs was dropped, stated that
it was in respect to the desire of one
whose wishes are generally obeyed. Re
said he could not call any names, but th«
fight was an old one and the person mak
ing it a man of persistency in accomplish
ing his ends.
From this remark it was inferred that
the change in the principalship was made
at the request of tne Governor. It was
currently remarked among those familiar
witii i the affairs of the Normal School that
the defeat of Professor Childs for tbe prin-
C J. pa - l lp of the school was entirely due to
the influence exerted upon the trustees by
the Governor.
It was stated that the antagonism of the
Governor to Professor Childs has been bit
ter since the action of tne latter at the last
session of tbe Legislature in lobbying
against and securing tbe defeat of a pet
measure of the Governor's. This measure,
it was claimed, was to place all the Nor
mal schools, insane asylums and other
State institutions under one board of con
trol, to be appointed by the Governor.
This step was stated to be for the pur
pose of practically taking the schools and
asylums out of politics. It was boldly
asserted that the opposition of Professor
thilas to this measure angered the Gov
ernor and made him a ready listener to
the complaints of many teachers who at
tributed their defeat to the former princi
pal's influence.
The alleged statement by Professor
I bilds several montus ago that Governor
Budd had called the Normal School
grounds in this city a ranch, which state
ment was afterward denied by the Gov
ernor, was also said to have added fuel to !
the already burning fire of enmity.
Childs said he could give no reason for
his dismissal. He heard Budd was antag
onistic to him on account of the Sacra
mento wort which he did at the wish of
tbe trustees. He also heard O. A. Hale
had used his influence with tbe Governor
against him.
It was 1 o'clock this (Tuesday) morning
when the executive session was concluded.
W hen Professor Childs, who remained to
the end, saw that he had been given a
subordinate position at a salary of $1600
less than he had been getting, he said he
would accept.
TRAGEDY NEAR SAN JOSE
John Carrigan, a War Veteran,
Commits Suicide by
Hanging.
Feared He Would Be Discharged
From a M nial Position and
Left Penniless.
SAN JOSE. Cal., July 27.— John Carrl
gan, an old veteran, committed suicide by
hanging at the Saratoga saloon, on tbe
Meridian road, near the Sanitarium, this
morning. For the past five years Carri
ean has been earning his living by doing
odd jobs about the place for Mrs. Schmei
chel, the proprietress.
Carrigan had been drinking hqavily for
two or three days, and last evening Mrs.
Schmeichel informed him that if he did
not let liquor alone she would discharge
him. About noon to-day the 12-year-old
daughter of Mrs. Schmeichel discovered
his body hanging from a rafter of a shed
in the bacc yard. It is thought the fear
of being discharged and losing his only
means of support preyed upon his mind
and led him to take his life. Carriean
was (3! years of age and a native of New
York. He served in the Navy daring the
Civil War.
FIRE AT SAN JOSE.
Spontaneous Combustion Starts a Blase
in a Printing Office.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 27.— A fire in the
printing office of Brown & Son, followed
by an explosion in the saloon of Leo Schu
nerber on the floor below, caused quite a
little excitement in this city shortly before
12 o'clock to-night. Brown's pressroom
has been in active operation for many
years, and as the place was well soaked
with the oil from the presses it is believed
that the hre was caused by spontaneous
combustion. The explosion resulted from
the. formation of gas between the floor of
the pressroom and the ceiling of the
saioon.
The damage to the building, which is
owned by Joseph Colombet, will not ex
ceed $400, as the fire was promptly extin
guished. Brown's loss consists of damage
to tbe presses. Schunerber's loss is nom
inal.
TO CHECK TUBERCULOSIS.
Veterinary Inspector Sp»ncer Will Re
erire Strong Hacking'
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 27.— A meeting
will be held at the Board of Supervisors'
rooms to-morrow of th« various Boards of
Health, Trustees and City Physicians of
the incorporated towns and dairymen and
milk-dealers of Santa Ciara County to dis
cuss the question of the inspection of
dairy and milch cows. A great many of
tbe dairymen object to the killing of the
diseased cattle, and the object of the
meeting is to adopt some means to force
the dairymen to submit to an inspection
of their herds and the killing of cattle
suffering with tuberculosis. Out oi 892
cows examined by Veterinary Inspector
Spencer 225, or nearly a fourth, were af
fected with tuberculosis.
BOND ELECTION TO BE CALLED.
San Jose Electors Hill Vote on the High-
School Propotilion.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 27.— An ordinance
was adopted by the Common Council this
evening calling for the immediate erection
of a hieh-scrtoo! building at a cost of about
$75,000. This will necessitate the calling
of a bond election, which proposition will
probably be considered at the next meet
ing of the Council.
Xrafft's Will File*.
SAN JOSE, CAI., July 27.— The will of
L. P. Krafft, who died in this city about
two weeks ago. was filed for probate to
day by Lena H. Krafft, his widow. The
estate is valued at $18,725. It consists of
real property worth $8900, and $9825 worth
of personal property.
Linda Vista Accident.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., July 27. -John Pa«h,
a well-dressed man about SO years old,
whose home is at St. Joseph, Mo., lost his
right arm above the elbow at 4 o'clock this
attemoon as the result of trying to board
a southbound freight train at Linda Vista,
sixteen miles north of this city. He says
he felt no pain when the accident occurred,
and his first intimation of his loss was
wnen he saw the arm dangling as be
arose from the ground. He ran to a sta
tion-house and the men finished the am
putation with a butcher-knife and stopped
the flow of blood. Pash was brought to
this city on the evening train.
UNCLE SAM WINS
AT LOS ANGELES
Land Patents Held by the
Southern Pacific Are
Annulled.
JUDGE BOSS' DECISION.
Tracts in Controversy When the
Road Was Located Could
Not Be Granted.
SETTLER WRIGHT'S VICTORY.
A Co-Defendant With the Company
Is a Gainer by the
Ruling.
Los Angeles Office of The Call,)
328 South Broadway, V
Los Angeles, Cal., July 27. J
Judge Ross, in the United States Circuit
Court here this morning, filed an opinion
in the case of the United States vs. the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company et al.
The suit was instituted by the Govern
ment to have annulled a patent to lands
heretofore granted to the Railroad com
pany. Among the defendants was C. M.
Wright, who alleges title in himself to a
portion of the land not only by virtue of a
deed from the railroad company but
through conveyance from the State of
I California, to which, he alleges, a portion
of the said land was granted and listed by
the United States as a part of the school
I land grant.
The court holds that whether the State's
claim was valid or not, the fact that it
existed at the time of the definite location
of the railroad excluded the lands in con
j troversy from the category of public lands,
to which alone tho company's grant at
i tached, which view is conclusive as against
j the contention of the defendant railroad
l company. Tbe court holds that Wright
| was a purchaser hi good faith, and that
the right and title to the land purchased
! by him was confirmed in him by the act
approved March 2, 1896, and the patent
! therefore cannot be annulled.
Tbe decree annuls the patent to the rail
| road company to the south half of section
11, township 3 south, range 9 west, and
establishes its validity a3 far as Defendant
Wright is concerned. The decree is with
out prejudice to the right of the United
States to sue for the value of the land thus
confirmed to Wright.
BOOMING A HOTEL PROJECT.
Citizens Faror the Jbrectlon of m Monster
Hostelry.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 27.— Tne
committee having in charge the de
velopment of the tourist hotel project has
arranged for a meeting in the Los Angeles
Theater next Thursday evening. It will
be semi-official in character and has for
its object the furthering of the movement
already begun in this city. The object is
tbe selection and purchase of grounds for
a suitable site, tor this purpose $50,000
has already been raised and $75,000 more
is required before August 31 next. Ways
and means will be discussed at this meet
ing. Hon. S. M. White. Jefferson Chand
ler and others will speak. There will be
music, and a general good time is ex
pected by those back of the project.
Mrs. Hannah Neal, a lady of wealth, is
at the head of the enterprise. Several
leading residents of this city are lending
aid and encouragement to the under
taking.
KERN COUNTY POPULISTS.
Fifty Delegates Gather and Place a
TicHtt in the Field.
BAKERSFIELD. Cal., July 27.— Kern
County Populists held their convention to
day, fifty delegates out of the 154 elected
being present. Revolutions were unani
mously adopted indorsing the St. Louis
platform and pledging support to Bryan
and Watson. J. A. Harabon was nomi
nated for Superior Judge and E. J. Em
mons for Assemblyman, both by acclama
tion. The nomination of the latter is
regarded by all parties as a very strong
one. R. S. Aston and Thomas Bottoms
were nominated for Supervisors. One
Supervisorial district nomination was left
vacant, there not being enough delegates
present to make a nomination.
MEW TO-SAT.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••
8 Always FIRST -«S
I Gail Borden |
I Eagle Brand I
© ' CONDENSED HILK |
• For. 35 years the leading brand. It is the •
2 Best and the most economical. : O
£ A PERFECT FOOD FOR INFANTS 2
FAI L Oq
DOCTOR SWEANY
The indiscretions of youth, the excesses
of indulgence, the misery that is inherited
—three things ■ that are ■ responsible for
nine-tenths of the ills of men— have been
the life-long study ot this eminent special-
ist. He numbers his cures by the thou-
sands.: .Every hamlet on the Pacific Coast
has a living testimonial to his knowledge
and sKill, and a single failure has yet to
be reported. Sexual and Seminal Weak-
ness, Lost Manhood, Night Emissions,
Exhausting Drains, Gleet, Gonorrhea,
Stricture, Syphilis, Kidney, Bladder, Blood
and Skin Diseases promptly and perma-
npntly cured. Write if ; you cannot call.
Mail ; , treatment : entirely r successful. Fri-
day afternoons he treats, free, the poor.
,""-- Office hours : 9a.m.to 12 m.,' 2 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. si. Sundays 10 a. m. to 12 m. only.
F I SWFANY II n 737 Market St.,
I. L. 0 1? LMI I , m. U., San Francisco, Cal.
/IB 4159? =^L
_^ '
Men wanted this week to buy $12.50, $15.00 and $18.00
Suits for $10.00.
Heavy invoices of Fall Clothing will begin to arrive next
week, and we need room too badly to cavil about price. All our
stylish Clay Worsted, Cheviot and Scotch Tweed Suits will go
this week at $10. When the wholesale price is cut like this —
well, we think you know a bargain.
Trousers, too, Fine Worsted garments, $6, $7 and $8 ($lO
and $12 at tailors'), go this week at
in, 1,,, „ $400
Until Saturday Night only, remember.
| Quevlily fells- TAILORS Price sells "|-
MARKET §S{ \ ST^c.4
N. B.— The Napoleon Bonaparte of Shirts — the
"STANDARD" SHIRTS. A pioneer of Cali-
fornia Industry. All dealers sell them. See that
trade-mark. ' . ...
KKUSTADTEB BROS., Mfrs., & F. • •-
FAILING MANHOOD !
General and Nervous Debility.
yfß.^. Weakness of Body and
fltfJeS.. "■ Mind, Effects of Errors
Vk-W*2^ or Excesses in Old or
ifwVvw Young. ■ Robust," Noble
JHnj^jKV Manhood fully Restored,
s& s?r / ' How to Enlarge and
JCLfi Vf c\ Strengthen Weak, Un-
JUr?r^\!lT''*"^s^ <levelc P Portions of
EMilfdff^^S^ Body - Absolutely un-
/»C«/BB«ur^l IIM failing Home Treatment.
'jP^JUff^Wa -Benefits in a day.
Men testify from 50 States and Foreign
Countries. Send for Descriptive Book, ex-
planation and proofs, mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., Buffalo, ft, Y.
SDR. HILL'S REIOTIGORATOR j
Stops all losses in 24 hours. Restores j
Manhood, Enlarges Small Organs,
cures Emissions, Impotency, Varico-
cele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits, Stric-
tures, Blood Disease and all wasting
effects of elf Abase or .Excesses.
Bent sealed, $2 per bottle, THREE
BOTTLES, $5: guaranteed to cure
any Cat /
DR. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, /
856 Broadway, Oakland, Cat
All private diseases quickly cured. Send for
free book.
msgmgg WILCOX compound
TTansy*p/lls
m Safe and SURE. Always reliable. Tmk»
■©Substitute. For sale by all druggists. Bend
for Woman' s Safeguard. Wli.CnX SPECIFIC
CO.. 226 SOUTH EIGHTH ST.. PHI LAP A..
RAILROAD TRAVIX: .
SIPR.4MSCO& NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 0:00, 11:00 a it- 12-sai
. 8:30, 5:10. 8:30 P. v Thursdays-Kit™ trtD
at 11 :S0 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I'M •
and 11:30 p.m. ' **«•-•*.»• .
BD S^SH 9:301 11:0 A ** t! i:sa 3:3*, j
San Karael to San Franctoco. •
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS. 7:50, 9:10, 11 10 a »
ro^ Y e%i 7 i S5 1 L 9!3at ' U:l ° * M - ! I:4 °- 3: «
Between San Knncisco and Schuetzen Park ■*»..
schedule as above. •■«■•
'.»*#£**; A ° r^ SanF^Tcisca
7:30 ax 7:30 am Xovato, 10:40 am ' 8-40 am '
8:30 pm 9:80 am PetalunVa, 6:05 pm mio »m
6:10 pm 8:00 tm Santa Rosa. ; 7:30 pm 6:15 p2
V~Z 7' Kultou, ~~ .• .. ,
7:30 am I Windsor. 10-10 am
Healdsbars. 10-IUA *
. '„«; » „ OeyserviUe,
8:30 pm 7:30 am: aoverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 m
~ ~~~. ~ Pieta,- | ' :
7:30 am Hopland A I • lin-in.-i
8:30 7:3o am tfklah. | 7:TO pm £ j
7:30 am -■.. ■ [ : '■ —~ lo'tn iJ
S-OTpm 7:3oAM:GuernevUleL 7:3opm 1O:1Oai€ ;
7:80 am 7:30 am Sonoma 1 10:40 am JJUOam
800 ' 6 :00 Glen* Xl l«n.jJß pm 6:13 pm
»^PMI^COPM|^^o P <>l.p^O ? H | 10: i og-
Cloverdal* for the Geysers; at Pletafor nuhland
£ P ™f* S -<V' S 7 V u liP> Sod * "V •■« import; 5
rtF2^?J°vi 1 f k ' pOrt * nd »*«'•" Spring; at
Ukiah for Vichy soring*, Saratoga Spring BI Ul >
V^. f^H" el D *" ***** -Upper La* c. IMmoVPotte,
iLn J « ? n . D * ys> K«»«wM», LUrtey'ai Back-
Fort BrH«, Wsstport. Hal, Wlliois. rahto. &
K«r,hSf lo ? v '"*' Harris, scotlaaua Kurek.? !
tat "a. r Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
On*undaysronnd-trtptlckeu 'to all nolnts bo- I
yond San Rafael at half rates. - i
Ticket Office, «50 Mirkitst., Chronicle bundtnj. '
H. C WHITINO. v. x. RYAN.
l»ea. Manager. Gen- Pass. Asent.
RAILROAD TRAVEL! J^
BO€TUKBN>AVIFIC COMFANT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
' Tmlm* !«•»»<• .-mil nredne to arrive »l
, HAN: ru.ististo.
lxate '. '— ■■ From Junk 7, 1836. — ariuv
•6:OOa KUes, San Joso and Way Stations... 8:43 a
7:OOa Atlantic Kxpress, Ogdeu and Kast.. »-45»
7:00 a Benida, Vacaville. Kurr.sey. Sacrar
inento, Orovillo and Redding via ,
• Davis 6:45*
7:00 a Martinez, Sun Ramon, Napa, Calls- j
toga and Santa Rosa : 6:13p
1:30 a Niles, .San Jose, Stockton, loan,
Sacramento, ManrsTiilo and Reil '
Ulna 4tlSp
•S:3oa Peters and Miltou *7ilSr
•too a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and l.ns Angeles 4:45 1
9:0Oa Martinez and Stockton 11:43 a
»:OOa Vallejo 6:13p
l:OOpKiles, San Jose and Livermore 8:43 a
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers *0:00p
fl :3Op Port Costa and Way Stations t7:45i
4:00 - Martinez, San Raniou, Vallejo,
Kapa, Caligula, I'A Verano fcne
Santa Ko&i SilSa
««»0p Benida, VacarUle, Woodland,
Knlglits Landing, lilarjrsviils,
OroTillo and .Sacramento ......... 10i43a
4:39r Nile?, San Jose, LiTermoro and
.Stockton 7ils*
. 4:B«r Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
v Vosemito) and Fresno Ut4&A
••••f New Orleans Mxpresa. I'resno. Bakers* *■ ' -• •
■ ■ . <leld, Haul* l',;irbara,l,o» Angelee,
J">eu<ii:k, £1 l'aeo, New Orleans and
East 1O»15a
Steep Santa IV Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojare and East IC:l3a
3:OOp Vallejo 11<43a
«:OOp Kuropeau Mad, Ogiien and East.... 9:<3a
«:OOi> Iliiywnrds. Niks and San Jose 7:45\
t?:OOr Vallejo t~:4sp
7:00 Oregon Hxpress.Hacrumento, Marys-
ville. Holding. Portland. I'nget
Sound ami Kaat IO:4Ba
SASTA rttt.'Z I>IVI-:o> (Narrow Oanire>.
J7i4sa Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations }Bi4)9p
SilSa Kcwark,Ceiiterrille,.San.lose,Felton,
Boulder Creek, San Cruz and Way
Stations 3i3«r
•8:13p Newark. Ce'iterrille, San Jose, New
Almadeo, Felton, Boulder Creek,
. . Hauta Cruz and Principal Way .
Stations........ *lli2oa
|4:lSp Newark. San Jose and l.os Hatos "f9:sO\
COAST DIVISION (lliinl A loiTiiscnd SU.)
•6:45 a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 9:47 a
SO a Sunday Excursion for San Jose>
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations }9lS3p
•il3a San Jose, Tres I'inos, Hanta Crua.
Vacilin Grove. Paso Robles, Sac
■ iiiis Otiispo, Guadalnpe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:03r
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations tl :3Op
IO:4«>a San Jo-" -*l Way Stations./ 3:00
I 1:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30r
•2:30 San Maten, Menlo Park, Han Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Finos, Santa Cms,
Salicas,MontereyatnlPae!ocGrnre *IQ:4Oa
*S:80p San Jose, Pacitio Grora and Way -
Stations *l;3OP
•4:30r Ban Jose Way .Stations »S:oO\
S:3or San Jose ami Principal Way Stations *S;4Ma
G:nor Sin Jose and Way Stations o::i3\
'll:-15i» San Jose ami War Stations... +?:-lsp
NAN LHAMIKO AMI HAYWABDS LUCAL.
i »G:OOa I •; ~~ ' 7 7-i3 A
*:<><»* [ tO:43A
lS:B2t Melwse, Seminary Park, iw» A
a mSSi Fltclibmrg,S«Le«4rQ *£gj
« •** J £S;
«:g«r rUprard*. .•»;
7:»O P { v 5:4 ,,
9 : O or < Rum through to 3ra* ,s;^
>t»l:15p; tPromNilea. , { m2loo,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
rron SIS mSCISCO— or Market Street (Slip 8)—
n« ,IS JSRi U:o ° ' 2:o ° mi
Fr«molHllD— *Mt«f Braid rtr.— : 00 80«
10:00 a.m. tl2;00 *1:00 43:00 •3:10 t«:CS
*3:oQr.>i. -
A for Morning. p for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only
.... . __ * Sundays only.
1 1 '♦'"•nnaj^ThuTfiday and B*tnrday nlgbU only
Atlantic
Pacific JPIIC
KAILItOAU B&MM&E3&C
Trains leave ani arr.vj hi Br^SS
Harket-Street ierrj.
&AITI FE~EXPRtSS. SIU
To Chicago vii» A. & 1 ,^SgWsfeoUT'gl
Direct Lino *-H>^s» l^' ' '^JBtl
Leaves every day at 5 p. *.. carryu>t: Pullman
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, • also Modern ti*
holstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with dean linen
and bedding and in charge of a porter, ran dally
through to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex can
for Denver and St, Louis.
Persona ly conducted Boston Excursions via
Kanaaa C'.'.t, Chicago, Montreal and th« Whit*
Mountains leave evarv Wednesday. .
The best railway, from California to tbe East.
New rails, new ties: nodust": lQ'.erestlnK scenery;
and Rood meals In Harvey's dining-rooms.
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
Chronicle Building.
Telephone Mail 1031.
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
_^ (Via Sausalito Ferry).
srtom San Francisco, . .. urn n lug June 15. IB9i
_ WKBKDAY&
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00. •8-00
!»:l& IUUB. 11:44. a. it: »IU6, 3:20, 4:l*
5:16, •B:00. v:35 p. U. . .
Extra trips for San ■ Rafael on Mondays, W*dnet>
. day ■ and Saturdays at 11:30 p. x.
_ SUNDAYS. " .
*** Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo. »9 -oa.
-•10:00. 11:30 a. m.\**\'£.Z\). *1 :30, »2:15 »4 : 00 L
6:30, 6:45, 8:30 p. v. .bxir* trip to Bau3a»Uoa»
Trains marked * run to San Qnentin. **12:30
: *. U. does not run to Mill VaUsv.
THROUGH TRAILS.
For Point Beyes ana ■„ way stations— B:oo a. m.
Saturdays; 9 a. m. SuncUrH; 6:15 p. v. weekday*
_ for Pent , Revt- s, Caiadero and way s:atioua-~
IiOQ a. if. Sundays; I:4^ H,.wqakd*i»:TO AID THOSE
WHO WISH WORK,
Commander Booth -Tucker
Exchanges Ideas With
Business Men,
LESSONS OF THE PAST.
Many Suggestions Gleaned From
San Francisco's Former
Experiences.
"UNSYMPATHETIC AMBHDMEIIT.
Socialists Object to tie Ideas Expressed
and Hold a Meeting of Their
Own.
Seldom, has a larger audience filled the j
Metropolitan Temple than that which ;
assembled last night at the great social re- •
form mass-meeting under the auspices of
the Salvation Army. Tne was <
in the best sense a representative ■ one, the j
undesirable element being literally j
crowded oat ny the members of society's j
better ranks, who were wedsed into every |
nook and cranny of the auditorium.
The stage was tastefully draped with '
hangings of scarlet and orange, amid ;
which flashed forth in letters of gold the ;
motto, "God First." The National colors j
were everywhere. On the stage were '
•eats for Hugh Craig, the chairman, and ,
the following named vice-presidents:
Irving M. Scott. George Stone, W. E. '
Hale, F. W. Dohrmann. W. Doxey, Judge )
Campbell, A. A. Wai:--. W. S. Green. J.
B. Carman, Harry C Gesford, Taylor (
Rogers, G. E. Butler, E. J. Depne, L. R.
Ellert and W. M. Bunker. To the right ;
and left sat members of the army from all j
the posts in the City, and from Oakland,
Alameda. Berkeley. San Pablo, San Jose, j
Temescai, San ilateo and other near-by j
towns. £ach delegation Drought its \
band, and in the hall the body of trained
instrumentalists united in producing some
trary excellent music.
The meeting opened with an overture, at .
tne close of which a brief prayer was of- j
fered by the Rev. Mr. Peet of Palo Alto.
"Am I my brother's keeper?" asked Mr. 1
Craig in comraeacing the openinz address. !
"We see in the world many proofs of the !
fact that no section of humanity can be ;
neglected with impunity. The public suf
fers wnen any portion of it is left to itself.
It looks as though the unemployed, the
idle and the disabled should sot be allowed
to lie about cumbering the ground, bat
rather cared for and aided.
"A divine law obliges man to love his
neighbor as himself, and this law. it
seems, the Salvation Army is striving to \
obey.
"In this and other lands the Salvation '
Army it recognized as a grand force for ;
tbe amelioration of human society's evils.
As for us, residents of this City, we realize
that Commander Booth-Tucker's visit
here is- for us- a great portent of good; :
bence we extend him a warm and hearty '
welcome, and we promise him an abun- ;
dance of metallic ammunition for the
campaign. [Great cheering.}
"■Now I have spoken enough, but before
I dose let me warn all present that the
hat will be passed around in order that all
may see what San i'randsco can do for
the Salvation Army."
"Really, Mr. Chairman," commented
the commander, 'you would make a
splendid Salvationist," and amid much
cheering Mr. Craig took his seat.
George £. Butler next welcomed Com
mander Booth-Tucker and his audience to
the present gathering.
The commander here interpolated the
request that the people of San Francisco
would not look upon him as a stranger
from abroad, bat as a friend and a fellow
laborer in the field of Christ.
W. M. Bunker was next introduced.
'•We are met to-night in a noble cause.
he said. 'We are met to help those who
help themselves. I think we may depend
on our experience of the past, and depend
on the commercial men at any rate.
"At one time in UN it looked as though
we would have the most pressing want in
the City, but at this critical moment the
rich and the poor jointly applied the
remedy, for the poor gave as well as the
ricn, that the reputation of San Francisco j
should be maintained. -The result was I
$3XOGO was raised and the City was the
gainer of a broad road in Golden Gate
Pars. In 1593 a similar distress was
prevalent ac : a fund of 190.000 was raised,
every cent of wbich went to the man be
nind the shoveL
: "But that is not the kind of work for a
free people. We wish permanent work for
the laborer; not temporary relief. Let me j
pay a tribute to the 909 men who went out ,
to the park and did an honest day's work,
and said Thank you.' Said it, too. in a
tone that meant sincerity. It seems to
me that this is the time for ail the people
in and out of the army to co-operate, in
order that we may snow the cohesing
power of this community.
"It seems to me that this is a matter iii
which we should all join forces, but as an
aid to that vast number of men who are
anxious to act themselves."
Ensign Share, a Salvation lassie with a
clear sweet voice, sang "The Army Red
and Blue," the audience joining heartily
• in the chorus.
"Industrial .Farms'' gave William S.
Green the theme for an eloquent and for
cible address.
"After observing human conditions for
some years," said Mr. Green, "1 have
come to tbe conclusion that the majority
of the" unemployed need very little in the
way of aid or charity. Bat that little is
most imperatively needed.. Man has a
ri*-ht to the living which he is willing to
work for. How great a blessing it would
be for enforced idlers could they out have
a place whither to betake tnemselvea m
the hour of distress.
."This, place would not be a workhouse
nor a poorfarm, but a place where any one
abie and willing might gain an honorable
and comfortable living. , The plan has
worked admirably in Detroit, and some
thing of the sort has been essayed in other
Eastern cities with signal success."
Commander Booth-Tucker was briefly
introduced, and the audience greeted him
with prolonged cheers. . .
* "I am sure I esteem it a very great priv
ilege to address. this vast' audience this
evening," he and, "and while , I indorse
almost everything that has been said 1
must demur to the impression which one
of our vice-presidents seems to have that
California is regarded as something of a
*woolly* place. "On the contrary, Califor
nia is looked upon by the entire world as
decidedly ide aw ate, and particularly is
it famed for its generosity. lam afraid
the reputation which you have thus gained
has served to attract to you undeserving
candidates for charity.
"i am proud to be the leader of one of
the grandest bodies of men and women the
world has ever seen. I feel that San Fran
ci-oo is going to occupy the proud position
of being the first city to leap up and say to
the Salvation Army, 'We will De the nrst
to aid you in ■ manufacturing redemption.'
While I travel from platform to platform
It; tell the peonle of the ' kind ex
pressions of the speakers to-night, and the
work of redemption which is commenced
here will stretch not only across California
but ail the way from San Francisco to New
York.
"We - are looked upon sometimes as
though we are a little bit weak-headed,
bat it is a little wrong.
"Warden Hale will bear me out when I
say that Sunday week we had a most
beautiful meeting at San Qoentin jail. It ,
was one of the best audiences I ever
loosed upon. I thought of the thousands
these people represent — people of the •
lowest and most hopeless classes. In our
social work we have 300 institutions,
manned by over 1200 officers. We find ;
noble men and women in the army who !
ask for no wages, but say, 'We don't care i
for the dollars ; give us the same food and
the same shelter as the poor people we go
to help.' '
"We shelter night by night some 10.000 i
people. In England tec cost of our social j
works last year was $730,000, and out of
that the poor people contributed $650,000.
We mi-rht have done -even better than '<
that, but we bare made it a rule never to
undersell the regular market.. We have ;
supplied 1,300.000 meals during one year
and have furnished beds to 1.400. 000. We
have dealt with the worst classes, men
who seemed to have no hope except *ne
grave or the prison. Of these SO per cent
have been brought to lives of usefulness.
"The Salvation Army is nothing if it is
not practicable. Already the army here
has a shelter for men capable of accom
modating 300 and a women's shelter with
accommodations for fifty. We have a
home for poor friendless girls and we
have a children's home with accommoda
tions for poor friendless waifs. I feel that
there are some things more. We believe
in havine a City colony for the sake of
helping the poor in the City, but we do
not feel that it is possible to deal properly
with these City poor unless we have also a
farm colony.
"We want 1000 acres somewhere in reach
of San Francisco. We fee! that it is on
; the land and out of the land that the
i problem of our poverty is to be solved.
\ We have burnt our fingers several times
trying: to start a farm of that kind without
capital. I am afraid we cannot enter upon
I such an enterprise with less than 110,000
-There is another point which I consider
: of greater importance, and if this meeting
results in notning else I hope it will be
the initiation of a movement for a home
for released criminals. I would appeal to
you to-night that San Francisco shall have
a home where released prisoners can get a
fresh start in life.
"We are hoping soon to start a Salva
tion Army hospital where we can aid the
poor who are ill at a small co*t."
The commander concluded . with a
eulogy of San Francisco and a glorious
account of what he expected of this City
in the future.
As the commander finished speaking A.
J. Oliver presented a resolution, which
was promptly seconded, applauding the
projects of benevolence outlined in the
Salvationist officer's address.
"I offer an amendment to that resolu
tion," said Georee Speed, rising in the gal
lery, and in a clear, penetrating voice he
read the following amendment:
Whisejlj, It is evident to the thinking people I
c i tni- community that it is the desire tee Sal
vation Arm.- to usurp ■ .-a functions of govern
ment; ■i i wnereas, it is evidently a scheme I
foisted on the worthy cnemployed to give I
thesx a surfeit of labor without any compen
sation, save that of "food, shelter and rai- |
ment"(?l; and wbereas.it is reasonable and
probable that after a season's work tae unem- j
ployed wonld practically be in the same condi- I
, tion that they were when they commenced
said Labor; aad whereas, we are*:-: in Holy
Writ *-That the laborer is wr.rthy of his hire"
we have looked tor it in vain in this scaeae; I
therefore be it
•.-■fo '■■■-.. Tfcat we,' tne unemployed citizens
of San Francisco and its immediate vicinity,
'■ do hereby protest asaisst any reUfious boiy |
in general, and the Salvation Army in particn
: lar, handling the affairs of the unemployed
' and assuming the functions of government to :
: the discomfort of the many; therefore, be it
; Knotted, That we, the af .resaid unemployed,
j do amend that it is the sense of this meetictr
I that the contemplated relief work be placed
' where It rightly belongs, in the hands cf tbe
■ Labor Commissioner of the State of Calif orsia.
For a moment silence reigned. bein?
straightway succeeded by a frightful up-,
| roar, mends and opponents of the first
[ motion trying to drown each other's j
' voices by snouting themselves hoarse.
••Amendment!*' cried some. "Original ;
. motion I,* thundered others; and matters
! were reaching a rather tempestuous stag**, j
wnen Mr. Craig, his face very pale, liter- j
ally bellowed forth the words:
"The chair will decide that the amend- |
i ment is out of order. Those in favor of
i the original motion will please say 'aye.' "
A deafenine volume of ayes, noes, hisses
j and grcans surged through the building.
"Contrary, no!" The words resounded
I amid the clamor like an explosion of
j dynamite and were greeted by a chorus of
• yells indescribable in its wild intensity.
"The chair decides that the ayes have
j it," vociferated Mr. Crate, and at a sign
; from the commander the music struck
jup "America" in tones so loud that
| further shouting was in vain.
As the audience was leaving the hall i
j some one snouted that there would be a I
! meeting of the friends of the amendment
upon the steps of the Mint building. Be
' fore the bail had been fairly cleared D. M.
•Willey. a prominent socialist, had tacen a
position on the steps, and was addressing
between 300 and 400 sympathizers. He |
denounced the Salvation Army as an
organized band of beggars, which was
seeking to usurp the functions of govern
ment.
No system, he argued, could be of bene-
I fit to the unemployed which contemplated
'. giving the laborer less than he produced.
The poor-farm proposition advanced by
Booth-Tucker, he maintained, was simply J
i a scheme for aggrandizing and enriching
j the Salvation Army. as the laborer could
j not possibly consume all he produced from
[ the soil, and tne army would get the sur
; plus. - .i:l.:'
George Speed, the author of the amend
| ment, made a brief but very spirited
speech in support of the propositions ad
| vanced in the document. He called upon
! the laborers to be alive to their interests
: at the t»oi.s and not rely upon the charity
of such an organization as that repre
sented by Booth-Tucker.
Ross Martin, another prominent so
i cialist and labor leader, was called for and
made an impassioned speech. He de
nounced the Salvation Army as insincere
in its . religion and accused it of having i
i sinister motives in its efforts to aid the \
| unemployed. The only hope or the
I workingman. he declared, lay in the
■ Socialist Labor party, and he warned his
i hearers not to be led astray by the excite
| ment of the bass drum, the sentimentality j
awakened by parading . lassies or the
crocodile tears of hypocrisy.
He denounced in severe terms the atti
| tude of employers toward the laborer
• and argued that it was wasted energy for |
men to strive for the betterment of the
idle who gave no thought in .their pros
perity to the hands that had produced
their affluence.
All of the speakers were frequently in
j terrupted with vigorous applause, and at
: the conclusion of the meeting the amend
; ment offered in the ball was offered to the
. assembly and passed unanimously. ■
Though much feeling was manifested
and free expression given to the views of
the speakers there was no approach to
i lawlessness or disorder, and the open-air
meeting broke up noiselessly and in peace.
Grand Jury Indictment.
D. Suffers, a longshoreman, was indicted by
the Grand Jury yesterday afternoon for inter
fering with an officer in . the . discharge of
duty. Tne story told by witnesses was to the
effect that Saffern accosted : Officer James
O'Connor, who was taking two burglars to
prison, and wanted to know what asthority
the officer had for. arresting tne sen. Wnile
O'Connor was preparing to produce the war
rant Suffera dealt him a wicked blow is the
face. The affair , occurred ■ June 15, on Mid
way street, between Francisco and Bay streets.
A bench warrant was Usced yesterday after
coon for the arrest of Sufftra.
Pmi«l a Confederate Note.
John Watson and Charles Philpot passed . a
$5 Confederate \ note on Sunday *on A. Pada
voni. aalocn-keeper, Hayes and Lott street*.
Tbev were arrested > last night by Policeman
Harrigan and booked at the City irriaoa for oto
taining money by false pretenses.
Boeiow «a ■ealstlas, aUKa awl Jewels at Cade
Harris . 15 Grass av—na
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JTXY 28, 1896.
JOHN P. IRISH
TRUMPETS A NOTE
The "Honor Bright" Democ
racy Will Be in the
Local Field.
GOLD MEN" ORGANIZING
Irish Proposes to Challenge Can
didate Bryan to a Cam
paign Debate.
PLAS3 OP GOLD DEMOCEATS-
They Will Sse That Jeffersonian Pria
ciples Perish Nat From the
Face of the Earth.
The old-line and sound-money Demo
crats are to effect a State organization in
California, according to John P. Irish,
who is perhaps the leading and most
active figure amid the Cleveland Democ
racy of the State.
Mr. Irish calls the conservative Democ
racy which is not ready to follow tbe lead
of Bryan on the high road to Populism
the "Honor Bright Democracy."
As the telegraphic columns of the daily
papers have informed the public, the
sound-money Democracy of tbe East, led
as far as initial action goes by the sound
money Democrats of Illinois, have deter
mined to put a separate ticket in the Geld.
and in August 7 a meeting will be held in
Indianapolis, at which a provisional Na
tional Committee will be organized snd a
Nations! convention b
California will be represented in that
provisional National Committee and in the
call which will follow its organization,
but by whom has not ye: been deter
mined. John P. Irish prophesies that
there wiii be a complete State organisation
of soand-money Democrats formed. If
that prophecy De fulfilled there ia yet an
other State convention to come. Indeed
Mr. Irish says that the "Honor Bright
Democracy will put local tickets in the
field in this State.
Mr. Irish returned yesterday morning
from a trip to his ranch in Placer County
and wen: back to the said ranch in the
c. Upoa being congratulated on
his opportunity to visit a ranch, he re
marked, with Chicago in hii mind, •
I've jast been among wi.d cattle.'
Mr. Irish, i: will be remembered,
stopped at Omaha on his way to the Chi
cago convention, and while there debated
the silver question with W. J. Bryan a
few days before Mr. Bryan went on to the
Windy City, said something about a cross
: and got nominated.
Mr. Irish will not discuss his discussion
wi:b Mr. Bryan, but he did say yesterday :
"It is my intention to challenge Mr.
Bryan to a continuation of that discussion
during tnis campaign in Nebraska, lowa
and Illinois."
Thus another interesting feature of this
interesting campaign comes into view.
Re.arding the political future Mr. Irish
talked yesterday ss follows:
"The 'Honor Bright' Democracy, with
out any concert of action, is organizing
in this Sta:e many clubs to advocate the
principles of Jefferson and to defend the
National honor and public credit.
"These clubs will soon be in contact and
in communication with each other and
ready to co-operate in supporting the
sourd-money candidate of the old De
mocracy who will be put in the field on a
Democratic p.atform early in September.
Several oi these clubs have already com
municated with me and I will be glad if
all will do so.
"This movement is coming from tbe
people in the Southern States, especially.
They are very eager and earnest in it.
The industrial South cannot survive the
destruction of its credit.
"The Democratic vote of California in
1594 wss about 84,000. From present indi
cations half of this vote will be cast for
the sound money candidate. This involves
a complete National organization and com
plete organizations in every State in the
Uaioo.
"Tbe call for the National convention
will be based on the Cleveland vote of
md every State in the Union will
have delegates at that convention. In
every State in the Union State and local
ticxet* loyal to this organization of Honor
Bright Democracy will be run.
"It is the determination of tbe men who
are in this movement tnat Jeffersonian
principles shall not perish from the face
of the earth lest free government perish
with them."
It will probably be some little time be
fore the "Honor Bright" Cleveland Demo
cracy of California comes forth panoplied
for the campaign, but the ear on the
ground may detect its coming and thereby
may be prophesied its mixture with the
music and tne thunder of tne California
conflict.
LOUD ON CAMPAIGN ISSUES
Enthusiastic Initial Meeting of the
Thirty-Seventh District
Republicans.
The first meeting of the Thirty-seventh
Assembly District Club was held last night
in Hilderbract Hall, in the basement of
430 Hayes street. There was a good at- ;
tendance and much enthusiasm. The offi
cers of the dab are: Morns Levy, presi
dent; E. J. Kolden, president; E. J.
Clark, secretary; £. M. Bash, treasurer,
and Robert Giles, sergeant- a
The constitution adopted provides that
the club shall be independent of any dab j
in the district; that it shall advance the
interests of . Republicanism, and that no
religious matters shall be allowed to be
brought up in the meetings. The follow
ing were named as on the executive > com
mittee : .
'W. J. ■ Blattner. F. Eeters. J. Stevens, R.
RothoU, William Gallagher, John Crowley, H.
Borrea, John Brennan, C. Faneher.
- Eugene F. Loud, Representative , from
the Fifth Congressional District,' was mi
i troduced, and said, in part : "We are
placed on the eve of the campaign and
mast face . the issue?. The Democratic
party, with the Populists, expect to at
tack as by overturning the financial con
ditions which have existed for so many
years. The people can stand anything in
the cure of tariff, but when they attempt
to jure over the nnance^ihey will give the
finishing stroke to oar country.
. "The Government has ran ■ 1160,000,000
behind since Grover Cleveland was elected,
yet there is not a Democrat who •rill raise
his : hand", to . stay 'this destruction. . The
people will, on sober second thougnt,
thiak that tide country has had enough of
Democratic rale." and then Mr. Load pre
dicted that next November the people
will place in the Presidents! chair not a
man who is the man of politicians, bat
one who i* the choice of - the entire coun
try — William ilcKinley.
Colonel T. Y. Eddy, the n«it speaker,
said that there has not been a campaign
so important as the present one since Use
one immediately preceding the Civil
War. He said that on the 3d of Novem
ber the peopla most declare if this conn-.
try shall maintain the present position at
the head or taxe its place at the tail of the
long string or the nations. The recent al
liance at St. Louis he denounced as an
unholy alliance that is a menace to the
country.
He urged upon those present to stand by
what example bad shown is the best poi
icy, ana not try experiments that are
fraught wi:h danzer.
Vice- President E. J. Hotden followed
with a few remarks on the silver question.
. -J. E. Field said that silver was not the
cause of the depression; it was the Demo
cratic measures which had created dis
trust.
J. Qoddard in a short address showed
how the Democratic administration aid
free trade cad destroyed the woolen in
dustry in this State and C:ty and urged
the adoption of the protective measures of
the Republican party.
E. B. Williams pave his views on the
silver question and drew attention to the
great evil that is threatening the Ameri
can people — the Japanese, who will flood
Use country with cheap Roods unless there
is a highprotective tariff.
John H. Roberts, the last speaker, con
gratulated the meeting upon the informa
tion it bad received from the speakers who
had preceded him, and closed by advising
all present to support ilcKiniey and Re
publicanism.
Just before the close of the meeting Thi
Call was tendered a vote of thanks for
the interest it has manifested in the dub.
TERROR IN CHINATOWN,
Hachet-Men Find That Their
Murderous Schemes Are
Not Appreciated.
Chinese Fighting-Men Will Bs Forced
to Lead Better Lives or
Suffer.
Sergeant "William Price, the mere men
tion of whose name chills the blood in the
highbinders' reins, who chases burglars in
deshabille for blocks OTer cobbles and
splintered-board sidewalks, who does not
fear the. wrath of the Chinese gods of tin
foil, has again instigated a reign of terror
in the Mongolian quarter.
The Chinese hatchet-men hare been
baring things their own way during the
past few months. Nothing the sir com
panies co -Id suggest" seemed to affect them
in the least.
A strong force of uniformed police was
laughed at by these law. ess Mongolians,
consequently something had to be done or
the members of the various tongs would
begin to slaughter one another as in olden
times.
Sergeant Price, whose heroic measures
quelled the last riot, which took place sev
eral years ago. was detailed day before
yesterday to maze a campaign against the
highbinder tones.
After consulting with the Chinese Con
sul, Fung Tung Heng. he decided to make
Hie miserable ■ for the members of the Bo
On Ton?, who plan murders and black
mailing schemes in richly furnished apart
ments at 1014 Stoat ton street ; the Bo Leong
Tong. 742 Commercial; .On Yick Tong,
1027 Stockton street; Hap StngToag. 1031
Dupont; Suey Sing Tone. 1004 Dupont:
Quong HLk Ton*. 314 Washington; Hip
Ying Ton*. 80S Sacramento; Bing
King Tong, 822 * Jackson; • : -Hip
Sing Tone, 10 Bom alley; Chu
Lum Tong. 802 Sacramento; Scey Ying
Tong, 1 Brenham place; Jay Lock Hing
T^ng, 1012 Stockton ; Scon? Hop Sing Kee
Tong. 129)^ Jackson; Tee Kee Tong, 5
Sullivan alley; Hang Wa Tong. 3}* Spal
ford alley; Suey On and the Mod Tin.
whose headquarters are located at 36
"WaTerly street.
Yesterday morning the crusade com
menced and ere nightfall many a Chinese
whose head had been bumped, or who had
enjoyed the pleasure of being becteddown
a night of stairs, was sorry that he bad
ever belonged to a highbinder association.
A vast number were willing and ready to
lay aside the ax and gun and offer the
olive ranch of peace.
Many were angered at the actions ot the
sergeant and his force, consequently the
fight bad to be . kept up until their spirit
was broken and they gave up.
During ice afternoon the entire list of
ton its was visited. In a number of places
the josses were knocked from their thrones
and the burning punks and sandalwood
were extinguished with douches of tea.
- Tables were slivered and topped down
Sign:* of stairs, and occasionally a fright
ened highbinder would take the same
route ana do fully as many turns before
be struck the landing at the bottom.
Crowds of gaobering Celestials, their
queues flying in the wind, would skurry
orer the roofs of buildings to escape the
cuffing* of police and prevent identifica
tion as being connected with one of the
tongs.
Last evening scenes were enacted which
threw Chinatown in a fev*r of excitement.
The members of the various tones were
almost certain that they ' would not be mo
lested by the police twice in the suse day.
They bad been cautioned during the after
noon not to return to their headquarters
again, but they heeded not. *
After dark they began to congregate in
their rooms. Without warning the police
would suddenly appear in the midst of one
of the gatherings and bedlam would break
oose. The Chinese would rush for me
stairways and well-directed knocks and
cuffs would assist them in their escape. -
A Chinese shoe has no heels, and as the
binder would strike the stairs, unless he
was overlapped before he reached them,
le would fairly skate down the flight with
i noise lite a »mall boy drawing a stick
iloug a picket fence. When be would
strike the bottom, however, his shoes
would stick to the pavement, over he
would go and both shoes would fly high, in
he air.
Without waiting for shoes he would gej
ip and hurry off to join bis comrades.
The energetic methods of Sergeant
Price and his squad thoroughly disquiet
he hatchet-men, but nevertheless he will
ceer them up until all •■ are anxious for
m**- __ ' __
Union Carpenters.
Carpenters' and Joiners' Uaion 483 met last
night for the last time at Bnai B'rith HalL
Their new quarters are in the Labor Bureau
Association's Hall at 915?, Market street. Next
Monday evening tne meabers oi the union
will give a hocsewannißK in the new halL at
which clay pices, pork and beans, sandwicnes
and liquid refreshments will be the principal
features. There will also be tongs, recitations
aad speeches.
BjLAHSBUBG'S MINING BOOM.
Rich Gold Sti-ik* Ma.de Jerem JTUga from
he Tien.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cat, July 27.— A
I letter was received in this city to-day from
1 General W. D. ' McCourt, who is . at the
• Randsburg mines, in which he says
, another rich ■ strike < has been made about
seven" miles from Ranosburg. He de
scriDes the property as very promising
from the ' surface : indications. Tne ledge
is '. traceable for more ' than 1000 feet and
the run is three feet wide. The cropping*
are so rich in J free gold . that it can be seen
' at a distance -of ten 1 feet, and ; the ' entire
length of ' the exposed cropping rives
colors. The general ados that everything
is looking well in the older sections, but
that ' little : work is being done ° owing to
extreme heat."
NEW PLAYS AND
NEW PLAYERS.
Attractions to Be Seen at
the Theaters This
Week.
"BOHEMIA" A SUCCESS.
A Play Resembling in Some
Manner the Old Favorite
" Trilby."
TRAWLETS BIDDER,"
" Carmen ■ at the Tivoli Well Re-
ceived— "The Merchant of
Venice."
The Charles Frohman Empire Theater
Company opened at the Baldwin last even
ing in "Bohemia." a comedy adapted from
the French of Henri Merger, by Clyae
Fitch.
"Bohemia" is a distant relative of
"Trilby" and bears a strong family re
semblance to that play, bat lacks its
striking personality. "Trilby," minus its
tone-deaf heroine and her hypnotic mas
ter, Srenscali, would be an own cousia to
'•Bohemia.' 1
. A large -nd fashionable audience greeted
the Frohmans and gave them a most cor
dial reception.
The story of "Bohemia" is that of an
impressionable young Parisian, an embryo
poet, who would indulge in the unre
straint of the life of the Latin Quartier.
Rather than obey the wishes of his wealthy
ancle, who desires him to marry a rich
widow of hi* choosing, the poet abandons
nis fashionable friends and seeks to earn
hid living with his pen. « He meets, makes
friends with Mercel, a painter. Schanmard,
a musician, Coiline, a philosopher, and
their female companions, and falls in lore
with Mimi, a flower-girl. .
- The wicced uncle seeks to separata Ru
dolph, the poet, from his Mimi, and suc
ceeds for a short time, but they are re
united through the efforts of a faithful
servant who for a - time sided with the
uncle. ...
William Favorsham, as Rudolph, suc
ceeded admirably in depicting the woes
and lores of the impecunious poet, and at
once .became a favorite with the audience,
a position he was forced to share with
Robert Ederson, whose portrayal of the
character of Marcel, the spendthrift artist,
was cost admirable. J. £. Dodson as
Shanmard and Ferdinand Gotuchalk as
Coiline played well their parts. -
0! the ladies Miss Viola Alien, as Mimi,
was all that could be desired in her heav
ier, lines, but in . the lighter parts left
much to be desired. Miss Ida Conquest,
as the ' flighty Musette, was excellent, al
though the. Frenchiness of her actions, is
hardly compatible with American ideas of
even an unfaithful wife. . Miss Annie
Irish acted throughout in a dignified and
praiseworthy manner, although she im
personated the designing widow who
would wed the luckless poet.
Miss May Robson, as Mme. Benoit, the
lodging-house keeper, and Jamison L. Fin
ney as the dudish ; Comte de Beancbas?,
presented very pleasing character bits. £.
V. iiacius. tee wicked uncle, and W. H.
Crompton. the servant, were below the ex
cellent average of the company.
All in all, "Bohemia" is well worth see
ing, although last night it dragged a little.
It boasts a pretty little melody, which
runs throughout its action, and a number
of pretty phrases, the most catchy of
which occurs in the prologue, when Mar
cel says:
"Water in wine is like platonic affection
poured into love." "
The Colombia.
In spite of all counter attractions there was
the usual large and fashionable audience at .
the Columbia Theater List ni*a;. It caa be i
safely said that of all the productions siren by
the Frawley Company this season | the moat I
thoroughly successful is that of -The Highest I
Bidder," charmingly presented last evening.
At the fall of the curtain on the first ac: there
were several recalls for the company and it
was evident that Hr. Worthing had made an i
em panic hit in the role of Jack Hammerton, I
made famous by the younger Sotoem.
-The Highest Bidder' is by John Madison !
Morton, the celebrated English farce writer, ■
and was intended for the elder Sothern. It I
was first produced inXew York, at the Lyceum !
Theater, fire years * ago, and cad a whole i
year's run. While it is a difficult thing to in- <
vest so commonplace a character as an
auctioneer with the halo of romance, Mr.
Worthing succeeds by the sheer force of his
individuality and conscientious work in is- ;
terestlnz his audience in the character and in .
carrying its sympathy with him in the many l
misundertcandings into which his well-meant
kindness plunges him.
The third act was delightfully acted, and ;
the little love scene between him and Rose. !
Blanche Bates, was most natural, simple and
exceedingly interesting. As Rose, Blanche
Bates was especially neat and clever, and was
graceful in every scene. Madge Carr Cook as
Mrs. Honiton Lacy is a polished actress. She
played her part witn a feminine naturalness
that was caarining and was frequently en
cored. Petite Hope Boss always acts well and
was particularly clever as Louisa.
Harry Corson Clarke as the bluff old squire I
was most excellent, carrying the spirit of the '
part in an artistic manner.
Mr. Arbuckle made a very amusing charac- :
i ter of Sir Mcfßn . Struggles. Tyrone Power was
' a dignified Lawrence Thornhill and Wilson
■ Eaoa as Sir Evelyn Graine rave one of the best
renditions of the play. The rest of the cast
were all equal to the requirements.
The Orpbeum.
Lydia Teamans-Titus _ made her reappear
ance last night at the Orpheum. She was re
ceived with the same appreciation that made
her departure from this theater a year ago so
much regretted by the public
The novelty on the ; bill was Herr Techow*s
troupe of performing cats, and they are likely
to prove a greater attraction than was Uacarts'
doc and monkey circus.
Virginia Aragon proved herself one .of the
most graceful and daring of high-wire per
formers. Biondi supplemented his clever
work in the House Drama by impersonating
in turn several famous orchestra leaders. The
rest of the bill includes Boss Snow, the VadU
sisters, Le-s Donates, the Masons, Washbome
slaters and others. . . . ;
-. At the Tivoll.
A delightful rendition 01 "Carmen" was
given at this theater last evening before a
large and appreciative audience.
Mmc- N"a:ali achieved a success as the gypsy
girl. Carmen, and sang and acted the part with
deiighiol eric and abandon. She divested the i
role of that coarseness ~~ and' exaggeration i
which so many who attempt it consider r a
necessary essential.
Anna ichnabel made a pretty and sympa
thetic Michaeia, and Irene Mull and Bernice
Holmes, ; who appeared respectively as Fras
quita and Mercedes, were all .their roles called
Signor Michelena as Don Jose was in splen
did - voice, and Signor Maurice de Vries'
rendition of the famous toreador song was the
feature of the evening.
Grand Opera- House.
"Mr. Barnes of Xew York" was well played
at the Grand Opera-house last evening, to a
large audience, with Jaaies W. Brophy in the
title role. This young actcr, since making his
debut here several years age -as filled many
star engagements ia the East, aad Judging
: from his Performance last evening, has put ia
his time to good advantage. The play was ele
gantly staged with' new and pretty scenery.
There were five curtain calls and many huge
bouquets ptssed over the footlights. The play
I will be given the re- 1 of the weak.
" Merchant of Venice." ■
j At the California Frederick Wards and Rose
i Coghlan played the principal , roles in the
: "If .ant of Venice" to a well-filled house.
' In Shakespearean work Waiie is a peer, and
I his portrayal of the star characters of the great
dramatist has won him fame the whole world
over.
His Shylock is a masterful interpretation of
the miserly money-lender mourning for sis
lost ducats and exalting over his comic
vengeance by terns.- His momentary triumph
is magnificent, and his final despair pitituL
Bo t Warde's support was nut wretched. The
lines were poorly memorized and indifferently
rendered.
! The Duke could not be heard and Rose
| Coghlan was a poor Portia. However good
! this favorite actress may be in other roles,
1 that of the dignified and graceful Venetian
i lady, who is lover and learned judge in cne, is
I beyond her. Her poise, manner and voice are
not Portia's, and tnat fact was painfully <ti>
| parent to the acdi'ence.
A pretty ballet and some rood music helped
ont the piece. To-night the Olympus and Pre
sidio parlors, X. =. G. W., will be tendered a
i benefit. - - ■
COMPLAINTS OF RAILROADS
Arguments for Lower Assessments Heard
by the State Board of
Equalization.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., July 27.— The
Board of Equalizationsconsumea the day
in listening to the wees of the lesser raii
road magnates of the State, and between
times made Chief Engineer Titcomb of the
Southern Pacific system deem. life a bur
den by questioning him on the amount of
track mileage in Aiameda County. By
j aid of official maps, he apparently sue- •
ceeded in convincing the board that every
mile of track owned by the system in that
county was assessed.
The petition of the Carson and Colorado
Railway sets forth the statements that Ml
miles of that road extend through Mono
: and Inyo counties, the rest being in
Nevada State; that the earnings over the
entire system in excess of all expenses
: have diminished from $47,256 63 in 1593 to !
$21,301 So in 1596; that there is a de
ficiency in interest in the past four years
of . -1,364 23, based on an abandoned debt
: of a little more than $SaoO per mile, at the
! rate of 4 per cent per annum; that the
books show an earning of IK per cent on
; the investment, but in reain> there has
been no earnings, taking into considera
tion the wear and tear of material. The
: valuation put on the road by the county is
$1500 per mile. The present valuation by '■
. the Board of Equalization is $2136 per mile, !
which has been maintained ever since the
; road's construction. The petition closes I
with the statement that the company will
fight the matter in the courts unless its
. valuation is reduced.
' George Fletcher appeared for the Nevada
' County Narrow-range. He stated that the ,
; earnings of the road had decreased from 5
' to 10 per cent in the last year. He said :
; that tbe -board's valuation was too hu;h
and asked a redaction of 10 per cent.
Killed JKaav Wo«*ford*.
CARSON, Nev., July 27.— Charles Huff,
living at Woodfords, Alpice County. Ci..,
while traveling on tne road to K.rk woods,
in that county, on Friday, was thrown
from a high grade by hia saddle-horse.
Huff fell to the bottom of s canyon and
his neck wss broken. His body was found
on Saturday morning by three" San Fran
cisco tourists, coming to Carson. They
brought the remains back to Woodfords.
Campos Mystery Cltared.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., July 27.— Coroner
Johnson and other officials, who went to
Campo to investigate the death of John
Ward, an old settler, found dead on Sat
urday with a large brushknife sticking
through his body, have come to the con
clusion that v >Vart) fell upon the suite and
met an accidental deatn.
SEW TODAT.
"Red Letter Days*'
How We Do It.
You are not the only gainers by "Red Letter
Days." We gain — gain trade — gain dollars.
Suppose we buy a dozen bookcases and sell
all but one or two at regular profit; can't we
afford to sell that one or two at cost, or below,
just to get rid of them ?
That's one use of "Red Letter Days" — to
clear out broken lots.
Another use is to advertise our store; get
people here who were never here before;
show them what we mean by right furniture
at right prices.
Hallstand, Who ever
CO Of! heard of a
c* ■•> r\ i polished oak
Solid Oak. hallstandfor
/£s==s^\ m $9 — an(^ .with
akif ,I ! fill French plate
BLi I ' JjU mirror at
X ( • But queer
\ ' J things hap- j
! 1 pen at c 'Red
1 1 <^y' T*=»L- c tter"
" *• ' "- lit? sa^es.
JM> ~ .' % IK Let the I
4i}^£J.M hallstand;
I|> T^?T (or anything
g^^^^j" yPL^ else) beg for ,
i Jspw*'^ 'jp---* a buyer a
time or two ;
— and it don't stay long ; |
power of price.
Like picture, polished antique oat,
French plate mirror, solid metal hat and
coat nooks,' $9.
Just a hint at the dozens
of others that await owners.
California
Furniture Company,
N. P. Cole & Co.,
1 1 7-1 2 1 Geary Street.
CLOSE TO DEATH'S DOOR,
Chief Sullivan Almost Run
Down by a Loco
motive.
A Hose-Cart Driver's Narrow Escape
From a Collision Wttli a
Yard Engine.
There was a small fire at the foot of
Sixth street last evening, and while in the
discharge of their duty two members of
the Fire Department had a narrow escape
from instant death or serious injury, to
say nothing of the destruction of valuable
Fire Department property.
Chief Engineer Sullivan while dashing
to the fire passed down Sixth street, and
while crossing the railroad track narrowly
escaped being run down by one of the
Southern Pacific's freight engines. Sev
eral freigb tears . prevented him from see*
ng the approach of the locomotive until
he was within a few feet of the track and
his horse could not be checked.
The Chief yelled at the horse, which
with a bound cleared the railroad track.
The engine whizzed past the Chief's bogey
less than two feet from the hind wheels.
A second later and the men, horse and
baggy would have been crushed under the
wheels of the engine and train.
The second escape was similar in one
respect. The hosecart of tbe Potrero en
| gine made a run for the tire across the
Mission marsh road and crossed tha
| Seventh-street bridge. Several empty box-
I cars were standing on the railroad track,
i and the horses dashed around these at a
rapid gait. The turn was hardly made
i when the driver found that he was about
; to collide with a yard engine that suddenly
ran out from among a lot of boxcars.
In a second he gave his horses a turn,
and not a second too - soon, for the engine
and hosecart barely missed colliding.
; Both incidents caused the greatest excite
! ment in the crowds who witnessed the
i close call the firemen had from death or
i injury.
The fire to which the run was made was
discovered in the rear of two saloons at
£10 and £12 Sixth street, and an alarm was
sounded from box ML The dames spread
! so rapidly and mounted so high that many
• people expected to hear a second alarm, as
that is regarded as a dangerous locality for
a big fire to start in, but there was but
little trouble in quenching the flames
! before they could spread.
Tbe saloon at 510 is owned by E. Svillith
! and that at 512 by J. Sweetmau. The total
damage was about 1500.
It is believed that the blaze was caused
by the carelessness of several roofers, who
had been putting on asphalt roofs on the
, two buildings during the day.
Pastor* at Pacific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cax., July 27.— The
summer encampment under the auspices
of the Pacific Grove Retreat Association
is assuming larger proportions than was
at first expected. Already about 300 min
isters and their families have arrived and
more are expected. For a distance of four
blocks on Twelfth, Eighteenth and Nine
teenth streets, tents have been pitched for
their accommodations. J. J. Coyle, D.D.,
of San Francisco has charge of the en
campment
Dr. F. F. Jewell lectured in Assembly
Hall last evening. His subject was, "How
to Reach" the Masses." After the lecture
tnere was a revival meeting, which >?aa
well attended.
The encampment* is to assume camp
meeting style and each day and evening
some divine will talk on important re
ligious subjects. Praise service to-night
was participated in by all. Afterward ■
Rev. Artnur Brigza of San Jose lectured
tn crowded booses on "Tne Cross the
Wond's Oniy Hose."
Parlor Desk We're tired
CIO Of) of seeing this
$iu.uu. parlor desk
fin the store.
Trouble is we
many of them
and it seems
never all sell.
The desks
are all right
in themselves — only the new
patterns outshine them.
Quarter-sawed oak, well polished ; French
plate mirror on. top — pleasant to look at
while she's writing. Handy pigeon-hole
arrangement inside.
$20 is the regular price^ —
we've cut it in half so they
will go in a hurry — $10.
Dining 1 J ust one i tem to
r . . give you an idea.
Chairs. Lot of 6 dining
chairs and i arm chair, solid
mahogany — $37-5° instead
of $75-
56
Vint >nr fifall
CHARLES M.vSHpKTRIpae,;
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Postage Free :
Pally and Sunday ('am., one week, t>y carrier. SO 15
©ally and Sunday Cam, on* year, ■■> mall. . . .- COO
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Cam., three months by mall " 1.60
Dally and Sunday Cam, oue month, by null.. .65
Bunday Call, one year, by mall •••• J -W
V»ui\ Cam., one year, by mall *•*•
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Aif yon t«tng to t b«- country on a vacation? If
••). It Is no trouble for un to forward TH CAM* to
your address. Vo not let It miss you tor you will
miss It. Qrtfrrs given to the carrier or left at
Business Offlce will <•!><• prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHAIiOK.
BUSINESS OFFICE t
7 io M«rl.ri Sirrrt,
Kan Francisco, California.
Telephone ..•...:. Main-18M
EDITORIAL ROOMS t
01* Clay Street.
Te*ph»n# Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
SSO Montconirry street, corner Clay; open until
9:70 o'clock.
539 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkla street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
t-W'.rornrr and Mission streets: open
until 9 o'clock.
£618 iluwion mm; open until 9 o'clock.
US Mmhktrvei; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE I
i-os Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE i
room* *1 and U, M I'ark Mow, New York City.
DAVID M. I nil/. Special Agent.
TUESDAY ...JULY. 28. 1896
THO CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
*"OB PKKSIDKNT-
WILLIAM McKINLET, or Otsfo
»«>K VICr-fKKSIOKNT-
GARRET A. HOBART, or Ret Jersej
H T CTION NOYKMBKK S. 1 8»«.
Sixteen to one on McKinley is what it
mean?.
tfryan is the only peacock in tbe coun
try that has two tails and both gaudy.
The proposed fusion between Democracy
and Populism is a trade in which both
sides were cheated.
California will vote with tbe business
States of the Union, for she has business
interests of her own.
Democracy ami Populism may know
where they are at. but tbey don't know
where they are going.
Tbe campaign is shaping itself into a
fight for the constitution as well as for
protection and prosperity.
There is more confusion over the
double-tailed ticker thai, there would bave
been over a double-headed one.
Having swallowed Populism Democracy
is now wondering whether it carries its
brains in its head or iv its stomach.
At present Mr. Bryan passes bis lime
singing "llow happy I could be frith
cither were t'jther dear charmer away."
It is not certain what will emerge from
the confusion of Democracy and Populism,
but whatever emerges will get hit on elec
tion day.
The business man who r.eglects to regis
ter gives the advantage of one vote to
those who are seeking to disturb business
and paralyze industry.
I'he cycler^ parade gave an impetus to
the movement for bettsr streets, which
started it briskly forward, and all progres
sive citizens should now lend a hand and
keep it moving.
Watson had great sport in ridiculing
P.ryan's pretty rhetoric when they were
in Congress together, but that was not a
circumstance to the sport he is going to
have with him now.
The Republican campaign this year will
In- one of the most notable campaigns of
education to the history of the country,
and the intelligence of the people will sus
ta ii it all over the Union.
Viewing the reratt of nominating Bryan
and Watson the betrayers of Populism
may proudly sing:
Oh, what a tangled web we weave
When first we practice to deceive.
A Georgia Populist is running for Con
gress ou the proposition that the Govern
ment should buy all tbe cotton crop for
10 cents a pound and bold it until the
manufacturers are forced to bid higher
for it.
The yontimeut of patriotism as well as
the bMfMM sense of the people is on the
side of McKinley, and la tbe combination
of the two every loyal and intelligent clti
:en finds the inspiration of a true en
thusiasm.
At the ag« when Bryan was showing
rhetoric in debatine societies, McKinley
was proving his patriotism on the battle
field: and tte people will not turn down
tbe soldier candidate for the sake of the
rhetorician.
Many a Democrat who would have sup
ported Bryan willingly on a platform of
tree coinage will not support him on one
which, in addition to that, denounces the
Supreme Court and tends to overthrow
the constitution itself.
By deTeloping our manufacturing inter
ests, thus keeping our gold at home, wo
can settle the money question so far as
the Racine Coast is concerned in the best
manner possible, and therefore protection
is the thing to work for.
The Democratic* party has begun this
campaign by denouncing * the only Presi
dent it has elected in thirty-six years, and
if it should succeed' in electing Bryan it
would either use him for base purposes or
abu«e him as it did Cleveland.
a tor Butler, chairman of the Popu
list convention and a leading member of
the National Committee of the party, has
a deal with the Republicans of North
Carolina still to carry out, and it will be
interesting to watch him do it while urg
ing the election of Bryau.
The Atlanta Journal report* that in
Low tides County, Georgia, more than 150
business and professional men who bare
hitherto been Democrats have signed a
protest against the revolutionary platform
adopted at Chicago and- have started a
movement in the State to beat the Bryan
ticket. It seems from this that fusion is
as unpopular with Southern Democrats as
with Southern Populists.
THE REPUBLICAN POSITION.
Mr. Bryan telegraphed the l'opulist
convention: "The Republican platform
adopted at St. Louis asserts that the bi
metallic system should be restored, but
that the American people are helpless , to
bring about bimetallism for themselves
until foreign nations are willing to assist."
Better .things should be expected of a
candidate for the high office of President
of the United States than willful and de
liberate falsehood. It must be that Mr.
Bryan has read, the Republican platform.
No mun having an interest in the welfare
of the country has failed to read the dec
larations of ail the parties. Mr. Bryan
therefore telegraphed the Populist con
vention what he knew to be untrue. The
Republican platform cannot be twisted to
even make it appear as an admission that
the American people are helpless to rem
edy any economic ills that may afflict
them. , No Republican platform ever held
that the people's hands were tied and
must remain tied until foreign nations
were willing to assist in untying them.
Mr. Bryan stoops to the level of the most
disreputable of New York ward political
methods when he attempts to put the Re
publican party in the attitude of a beggar
of foreign assistance.
The Republican party's position on the
money question is veiled in no subterfuge,
nor hidden behind no mask. It is the
policy of the Republican party to increase
the foreign commerce of America to the
greatest possible volume, and one of the
more important of the things to be done
to accomplish that is a uniform inter
national' monetary system. That is, a
system which shall make redemption
money everywhere the same. Commerce
is pretty well agreed that inasmuch as it
is enlarging its proportions from year to
year the volume of money it uses in
settling trade balances should be in
creased, but the commerce of no nation
would be willing to let another Natiou
answer for it as to how much the volume
of money should be increased and of what
material it should be composed. Mr.
Bryan, however, says the commerce of
the United Slates has no business to con
sult its connections in other countries. It
must oblige them to accept a silver dollar
that is on the basis, of sixteen times as
much weight as a gold dollar, although
the actual difference might be as 1 is to 100.
The Republican party does not believe,
it knows. ';n fact, that the commerce of
other nations would rather sever ail busi
ness relations with the United States
than to submit to a proposition that
utterly ignored their rights in ■ the prem
ises. Therefore the plan of be Republican
party is to call together the nations that
are interested with us in trade inter
change and agree upon a bimetallic
monetary, system, and most likely it
would be on the basis of a dollar of silver
containing sixteen limes more grains than
is contained in a dollar of gold. The Re
publican party is thoroughly committed
to establish a bimetallic system as soon as
it can be done, but it does not believe it
wise to destroy our foreign commerce,
which aggregates about $2,000,000,000 an
nually, for the sake of playing the role of
a dictator in the world of commerce, es
pecially when this country could not
maintain itself in such a role. It is the
policy of the Republican party to let the
existing monetary system stand as it is
until ail parties interested in changing it
to a pure and simple bimetallic system
have agreed upon a plan so that the dollar
that is worth 100 cents in San Francisco
would be accepted in . every other city in
. the commercial nations as possessing the
same value. Mr. Bryan's force plan would
fail ignominious);, while the Republican
party's plan will not only not fail, but it
j will increase our trade with other peoples
' many times over.
A SOUTHERN PROTEST.
Although the Atlanta Journal (Jloke |
Smith's organ) has declared for the itryan
ticket while repudiating tbe platform, it
does not undertake to conceal tbe wide
spread dissatisfaction among conservative
Democrats of Georgia in regard to it. In
the issue of July 20 it contains an account
of a big bolt of leading Democrats in
Lowndes County in that State and pub
lishes a protest drawn up by them which
repudiates tbe action taken at Chicago as
"a complete and contemptible surrender
to anarchy."
This protest was signed by more than
150 Democrats of Lowndes County on tbe
first day it was drawn up, and undoubt
edly represents the sentiment of a large
majority of the conservative people of
Georgia and other Southern States. It is
worth noting that the protest was directed
not so much against tbe piank favoring
tbe free coinage of silver as against those
which imply hostility to the Supreme
Court and a condemnation of the Cleve
land administration. Tbe protest de
clares: "We regard tbe threat to destroy
the function of tbe highest judicial tribu
nal of the Nation as alarming and ex
tremely revolutionary," and goes on to
denounce what it calls an "effort to un
dermine this bulwark of American liber
ties establisbed in the constitution of our
forefathers."
It will be seen from this that the con
servative Democratic opposition to tbe
Chicago platform and ticket is not confined
wholly to those who opDose the free coin
age of silver. There are thousands of in
telligent men to whom that issue is by
no means the most important raised by
the extraordinary platform put forth at
Chicago under the domination of Altgeld
and Tillman. They see in the denuncia
-1 tion of the Supreme Court and in the de
| vial of the right of Federal Interference to
| suppress riots and protect National prop
erty a threat against the Government
itself, and this threat they justly regard
as one which no patriotic citizen can con
! done, even to the extent ot overlooking it
' or being silent concerning it
As the voices of conservative Democrats
are Beard arising from all sections of the
Union, it becomes evident that the issue
j of the election will not be, as some gold
> standard men fondly assert, conclusive as
\ to the question of free silver coinage.
{ Thousand; of men will vote for McKinley
■ simply because he stands as the repre
sentative of constitutional government as
well as of protection and international bi
metallism. There is, in fact, no other can
! oidate fcr whom conservative citizens can
1 vote. When eveu the Bourbon Demo
crats of tbe South protest, we can be sure
that many a stalwart disciple of Jefferson
and Jackson in other portions of the Union
will unite with them in tbe repudiation of
this "complete aud contemptible surren
| der to anarchy."
A CAMPAIGN OF EDUCATION.
There never was such a demand for a
campaign of oratory and for facts and fig
ures so condensed that their meaning mar
be understood without having to wade
through a whole volume. Congressmen
who expect to have speeches that were de
livered upon the floor of the House scat
tered broadcast will be disappointed.
The people want nothing of the kind
this year, and it is better so. Tbe
people are beginning to enjoy debates on
the hustings, and the party that does not
keep pao« with public icutimtnt vUI find
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 128. ISU6.
itself without votes in November. There
will be a big demand for logical reason era
in connection with hieu-clan oratory, bui
ranters and demagogues will not draw
crowd*.
The agitation of the money question the
last few years has caused hundreds of tons
of printed matter to be scattered over tho
country, and the people are satiated with
it. Now they want tbe prominent polit
ical economists of all parties to come for
ward and defend their position, and
speakers must expect to be interrupted by
very pointed questions. Evasion, bun
combe and jokes will not be accepted in
lieu of argument, nor will mere assertion
be accepted as evidence.
A campaign of oratory will necessarily
oblige each party to have the best possible
local marching clubs and other organiza
tions, for tbe success of a political gath
ering depends mucb upon the work in tbe
few hours immediately preceding the
speaking. Marching clubs in uniform are
wonderfully successful adjuncts to a mass
meeting, tbouga in this campaign as
never before the pectple will calmly and
critically listen to the orators. "Why?"
•'Why so?" "Prove what you say!" will
be burled at speaker-- everywhere.
PROTECTION AND WAGES.
It is surprising that the Democracy
should have so much to say about Eng
lish influence being behind the opponents
of free silver coinage independent of other
countries, when the Democratic party's
free-trade doctrine is altogether English.
As between protection and free silver in
the United States England would very
much prefer the latter. The trouble with
free-traders in this country is that they
measure the advantages that accrue to j
free imports by tbe benefits that England
has gathered from such a policy, but, in
fact, it is the most illogical position one
could take.
With the exception ot iron and tin
England imports the raw material for her
vast industrial enterprises, and hence
would very naturally want open ports all
over the world to dispose of her mill and
factory products. In the United States is
found the raw materin! that is required
for nearly every manufactured article of
commerce, and, as a matter of course, in
ratio to the ability of our own industries j
to turn this raw material into goods and
warts, do we get tbe profit that England
would make were free trade to prevail
and all this raw material sent to British
factories to be converted into finished
products and returned to us for our con
sumption. Free trade is a good thing for
England, because she does not fear com
petition in her own markets, and England
wants free trade in this country, so that
out industries could not compete with her
in our own markets.
As a matter of fact, England could not
maintain her industries under protection,
while we could not maintain ours without
it. That is the difference between the
two countries. The industrial wage
schedule of the United States would pre
clude tbe possibility of oar competing with
her in our home marcet unless we re
duced the wage schedule of this country
to England's basis. It is a mistake, there
fore to suppose that protection is for no
purpose other than to make mill and fac
tory owners rich, for, as a matter of fact,
it in to protect our wage-earner against tbe
adoption of foreign wages. Were we to
adopt the Japanese wage schedule the
United States would have no competition
in manufactured products, but it is to pre
vent that very thing that protection is ad
vocated.
TROUBLE IN MACEDONIA.
The peace of Europe is likely to be very
much disturbed over the new develop
ments against Turkish authority in Crete
and Macedonia. In the latter country a
handful of Greeks are having thing*
pretty mucb their own way, but then they
are operating in a region that is largely
settled by Greekt. Toe serious feature
about the rebellion in Macedonia is tbe
pretty well settled fact that Russian in
trigue and diplomacy are behind it,
Bulgaria doe* not appear to have any
objection to a Macedonian junta making
its headquarters on tbe frontier where it
can direct tbe movements of tbe Insur
gent?, but then, Bulgaria is thoroughly
under Russian influence, and if the Czar
is aimiug at tbe independence of Mace
donia tbe junta would very naturally feel
safe to prosecute its work. The inde
pendence of Macedonia would not only
weaken tbe Sultan's political power, but
give courage to tbe Armenians to keep up
their fight against the Turks, and it would
exert tbe same kind of an influence upon
the Cretans. The Greeks and the Chris
tians of Crete and Macedonia and all Rus
sians are of one religious faith, and their
greatest earthly object of hatred is Moham
medanism.
Tbe insurgents on the island of Crete
appear 10 be situated very much like the
Cubans, and like the Cubans, they man
age to have some arms and munitions of
war lauded wherever they like, notwith
standing the vigilance of the "mother
country." The Porte, however, seems to
have more sense that the Madrid Govern
ment, for he has appealed to the
powers to induce the Cretans to quit
lighting and acc-pt certain reforms which
he promises shall be forthcoming. But
tbe Cretans, like tbe Cubans, hare bad a
good deal of experience with "reforms,"
and they propose to establish tbe inde
pendence of their country.
Tbe grind on tbe Popnlistsof tbe South
ern States comes from tbe fact that they
have in many cases made deals with local
Republicans for State officers, and if they
now whirl in and help tbe Democrats for
tbe National ticket they will be between
tbe npper and nether millstone and noth
ing can save them when the wheel begins
to move. '
Tbe outbreak in Macedonia, following
those in Crete and Armenia, gives another
shake to the tottering power of the Turks,
and if tbe insurrection goes much further
it would seem tbe Greeks might make a
bold dash for Constantinople and pat an
end to tbe agony by taking possession of
it and re-establisiilng tbe old Greek em
pire tbe Ottomans destroyed.
Political experts declare that in tbe F.ast
the money question will be the chief
of tbe campaign at first, owing to its nov
elty, but that by the Ist of October tbe
people will begiu to understand the su
preme importance of reviving industry,
and thereafter the contest will be fought
to a linish. between free trade and rnin
and protection and prosperity.
It would be the height of folly for con
servative Democrats in tbe East to put a
ticket of their own in the field at this
juncture. Tbe only way to head off tbe
Altgelds and the Tillmana who are excit
ing the discontented elements of the peo
ple is for conservative men to unite their
forces and vote for law and order.
It is now recalled that Tom Reed once
said he never fully appreciated the bibli
cal reference to the "colt of a wild ass"
until he heard Watson of Georgia defying
the HottSft/jMBB
PERSONAL.
Judge George A. Nourse of Fresno ii at the
Lick.
C. C. Cattle of Stockton is a recent arrival at
the Russ.
Chester Wetmore of Suisun is registered at
the Grand.
John Glasson of Grass Valley is a gueit at
the Ramona.
Francis Dowd, the Monterey butcher, is a
guest at the Lick.
G. Hotterhoff, a railroad man of Los Angeles,
is visltingat the Palace.
W. Bittle Weiu. a musician of Stanford Uni
versity, is at the Palace.
K. T. McGionljrle of Flagstaff, Ariz., is one of
the guests at the Palace.
Herbert Button of Santa Cruz is registered at
the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
W. H. Anderson, a manufacturer of London,
Eng., U at the Occidental.
Allen B. Ummon, a politician of Santa Rosa,
Is registered at the Grand.
Frank Bartlett, the Llvermore contractor, is
making a visit at the Grand.
E. K. Smart, who has a lumber-mill at Dutch
Flat, U a guest at the Grand.
Thomas Boland. a merchant of Keeler, Cal.,
is a late arrival at toe Grand.
C. R. Bradbury, a real eitate man of Denver,
Cola, li staying at tbe Ramona.
B. W. Van Syckel, a New York merchant, ar.
rived at the Baldwin last night.
Rev. W. Butler and family of Byron, Cal., are
guests at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
George D. Dornln, an insurance man of
Fulton, is registered at the Grand.
G. G. Kimbail, the Red Bluff merchant, Is
one of the latest arrivals at the Palace.
M. S. Bayre. District Attorney of Lake County,
is at the Lick registered from Lakeport.
J. J. Munroe, a railroad man from Omaha,
Xebr., is at the Occidental with his wife.
Dr. G. W. Wood, medical director at the Mare
Island Navy-yard, is a guest at the California.
H. C. Bell, a big merchant and mining man
of Oroville, is among the guests at the Grand.
KndrhJfo Whetehead of El Montecito, Santa
Barbara, is visiting at the California with his
wife.
A. H. Grienbach, a well-known Eastern trav
eling salesman, is a guest at the Cosmopolitan
Uotel.
J. B. Puller of Marysville, a member of the
State Board of Bank Commissioners, is at the
California.
J. C. Donovan, advance agent of Forepaugh
<fc Sells' circus, is registered at the Cosmopol
itan HoteL
C. N. Sterry of Albuquerque, N. M., attorney
for the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Rail
road, is at the Palace".
K. A. Boggess, superintendent of the quick
silver mines at Sulphur Creek, Lake County, is
registered at the Occidental.
Mrs. A. M. Gardner, wife of Dr. Gardner,
physician at the Napa Insane Asylum, regis
tered at the Lick yesterday from Kapa.
S. 3. Battin Jr., a large silverware manu
facturer of Newark, N. J., arrived on the over
land train last night and went to the Palace.
John Kelley, once of the old Portland oil
firm of Kelley £ Dunne, but now an insurance
man at Portland, returned to the Lick yester
day.
Among the guests at the Occidental are
Lieutenant B. S. Neumann of the United States
I Marine Corps and his father, A. C. Neumann of
Newark, N. J.
F. F. Jaques of Chicago, engaged in the tea
importing business, arrived at the Palace last
night on his way to Japan and China by way
; of Vancouver.
J. B. Day, wife and son arrived at the Occi
dental yesterday. Mr. Day b^a come here ro
locate in the interests of the Equity Insurance
Company of New York.
W. H. G. Arnemann, manager of large sugar
plantations on the Islands, arrived at tne Occi
dental last night with his wife. They are on
their way home to Honolulu.
Among those registered at the Baldwin yes
terday were the following naval officers: C. J.
MacConnell from Nagarakl, John D. MclJon
i aid, George Cross aaU Commander George C.
Keiter.
J. G. Mitchell, agent at Kansas City, Mo., of
the Blue Hue, Canada Southern line, and
Michigan Central Railroad, arrived at the
I Lick yesterday with B. E. Hand of Chicago,
assistant general freight agent of the Michi
gan Central Railroad.
Ex-Judpe J. C. Daly, one of the commission
ers appointed to revise the State code, re
turned to the California yesterday from his
ranch in Ventura county, where he spent
three weeks rnsticating before he wu forced
to hasten back to this City to register as a
voter.
D. Ward of Detroit, the patriarchal million
aire lumber king of Michigan, returned to the
Kuss yesterday forenoon from a visit to the
redwood .forests in the northern portion of
this Slate. He started on the evening train
for Portland. Or., on his way to the forests of
the Northwest.
Gustave Hueter, a wealthy retired business
man of Santa Cruz, registered at the Lick last
ntght with his bride, formerly Miss Itschig,
daughter of John Utschig, the well-known
merchant ol this City. The newly married
couple will start this forenoon by steamer for
Southern California, where the honeymoon
will be spent.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., July 27.— At the St.
Cloud— H. w. Aledo. Hoffman— J. V. Cabman,
C. H. Croyden, W. E. Raklon. L. Wllliard.
Albemaxie— Mrs. H. N. and Miss Cook. Im
perial—W. A. Ristenpart, A. E. Gales, C. B.
Schweitzer. Holland— G. E. Runm, a. W.
Myers, P. Liebes. Marlborough— F. L. H.
Nobles. Vendome — S. Dannenneim. A* tor — D. J.
Davis. Sturtevant— L. E. Howard. Mrs. Julia
L. Ford, Mrs. Charlotte C, Miaa Georgian* and
Miss Cornelia Ford leit the Plaza to sail for
Europe.
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
A Prediction.
Ventura Independent.
Tbe next President will be smooth-shaved,
unles* one of the candidates should in the
meantime let his whiskers grov.
Four Cornered.
BoJie Index.
It looks as ii it would be a square fight— four
cornered. Silver Dems, and gold Dems., with
Pops, for a bobtail. The Republicans in the
protection corner will scoop 'cm ail.
Don't Forget It. •
San Diego Vldetie.
The cause of woman suffrage must not be
overlooked during the campaign. . Let It be
remembered on every stump during the can-'
vass and by all the people on election day.
Naming the Child.
Fresno Republican.- .
If the child should be born, what would be a
good name for it? Would Popudemolistio
party be proper? Or would Demopopueratic
be better? It is very essential to get a good
name in new political movements, you know.
Prima Facie Kvidence.
Fresno Republican.
It is announced that C P. Huntington is
believed to have purchased the Oregon rtil
way. At the same time it is announced that
the tariffs on that road have been raised. It
must be admitted that the prima facie evi
dence that Mr. Huntington has purchased the
road is qnite conclusive
A Practical Lesson.
Los Angeles Time*. •
The wreck of the Pacific Mail steamer Colom
bia recently contained a little lesson in protec
tion for Southern California ranchers. ; Aboard
tha Colombia were ; nearly $7000" worth of
limes shipped from Mexican port* to San Fran
Cisco. The moment that -, the San Francisco
fruit merchants learned of the loss of the for
eign limes they wired San Diego dealers for all
the lemons that could be hastily gathered for
shipment on a coast steamer. Fifteen hundred
poxes were sent to Ban Francisco and sold at
high prices. Southern California grows limes
a« well as lemon* ; s but with a Democratic tar
iff that causes $25,000,000 annual deficit in
the current- expanse account naturally the
market for fruit and other United States prod
ucts suffers on account of the Chinese and
other cheap labor of foreign lauds.
WHAT'S IN THE SACK?
An exchanr* tells a story of a boy who went
to market wlia a lack of rabbiu and Usgexed
around town all day. When asked by hii
mother why he had not sold the rabbits, he
said no one had asked wbat was In tbe sack.
How many merchant* are like this boy? They
have plenty of goods for sale, but fail to tell
the people "what is in the sack." If you ex
pect to sell goods in this day und age of the
world you must open your sack and keep
shouting tne merits of your stock in trade.—
Exchange.
GOLD AND SILVER.
Ex-President Harrison Discusses Our
Monetary System.
"Ever since the resumption of specie pay
ments, In 1879, the treasury baa paid gold for
greenbacks when gold was demanded, and has
redeemed in the same way the treasury notes
issued under the Sherman law." says ex-Presi
dent Harrison in the Philadelphia Ladies'
Home Journal for August. "The Secretary of
the Treasury has never exercised the discre
tion given him to redeem the latter notes in
silver— holding that his discretion was limited
to such a use of silver as would not destroy the
parity of the gold and silver dollars. And our
Secretaries have been right, I think, in holding
that the parity of our gold and silvereoins will
be destroyed the moment the Government
takes from the holder of a greenback or treas
ury note the election of the coin he will receive
in exchange for it. If he wants golrt, and silver
U thrust upon him, the latter is depreciated
and tne former appreciated. If the holder of
a United States note cannot get gold at par ior
it he will pay a premium for the gold he must
have to pay a gold obligation. A premium on
gold would at ouce drive gold out of circula
tion, for coin that is at a premium cannot be
used in trade. No one is bound to pay gold to
the Government for any tax or other debt due
to It, So that practically the situation is this:
Tne treasury holds itself bound to give gold to
every one presenting a United States note, and
has uo way of compelling any one to pay gold
to it. Such gold as it gets comes from persons
who choose to take paper money for gold de
posited at the mints or assay offices, or to pay
in gold coins some Government tax. Formerly
all duties upon imports were payable only in
gold. Now when tne gold reserve gets low it
can only be restored by the sale of bonds, un
der the powers given to the Secretary in the
legislation relating to the resumption of specie
payments.
BARMAIDS IN ENGLAND.
The number of barmaids pure and simple
has been reckoned at between 80,000 and
80,000, and W. H. WilKins, in an article in
the London Humanitarian, tells that on mak
ing investigations he found very few who dis
liked their calling or who were dissatisfied
with their lot. He gives from his notebook
two typical cases for and against. No. 1 was "
serving-girl at one of the largest bars in the
West End and this is her statement:
Like the work? Of course I like It. she said,
■•and what's more it llkas me. Do you think I
•hould keep on with it if I didn't like lit I get
more money at this than I should at anything
elsa, and though I get a bit tired wi;n standing so
long, whan I'm off duty I can do what I pleas*, as
a girl ought to do wnen she work* as hard as I do.
Oh, of course It has its drawback*, but It's a lot
better than drudging as a a "lady help" or being
mewed up somewhere as a nursery governess or
cllck-ciicKlng with a typewriter all day lone. Any
way, 1 see life.
This with variation!, Mr. Wilkins says, was
the burden of the tale of most.
A very few others, however, took quite a
different view, and one of these also serving
at a large \Ye«t End bar— thus expressed her
opinion:
I don't think the work Is suitable for any
woman, at least not for any young unmarried
wotAan, and they won't employ married women In
the trade at all. The pay la well enough, there Is
nothing to grumble at on that account; and the
food is good enough, though I often have to cob
ble my dinner down so quickly that It gives me
indigestion. But the hours are much too long:
ofien on Sunday I am so done up ibat I spend tbe
whole fureuoou in bed. And the worst of It Is the
H-e itself. A girl ha* to put up with all sons ot
impudence from customers: they call It "chaff,"
and if I don't answer the loots after their folly
they go off In a buff, and that doesn't answer. I
have heard and seen things I should be ashamed
to speak of. I'm so tirvd of beiug a ton of decoy,
I'm -olng to give it no.
It is only fair to add that this witness was a
teetotaler.
A POEM ON A SILVER PLATE
It was Mr. Field's habit to write personal
verse about his children, says Martha Nelson
Yenowine in August St. Nicholas. There are a
number of scrapbooks filled with these little
poems : and quaint rhymes which have never
been seen outside of the home circle. When
Roswell Francis Field, usually called "Posey,"
was corn, Ik received many beautiful presents
from the i: jnds of Mr. and Mrs. Field—por
ringers, spoons, cups and other gifts serving a
baby's joy* and needs. The one thing lacking,
his father thought, was a silver plate, which he
purchased for l'osey. For this plate Mr. Field
composed the following beautiful verse, which
whs afterward engraved in fac-simile upon the
plate: _.-"■ ,io
INSCRIPTION' FOE JIT LITTLE «OX'S SILVER
rULTK.
Unto Roswell Francis Field his father, Eupene
yield, ttiveth this Counsel with this Plate. Sep
tember 2, 1893.
When thou shalt eat from off this plate,
I charge thee: Be thou un> pirate;
Unto thine elders at the board
Do thou sweet reverence accord;
Though onto dignity Inclined, .
Unto the serving-folk be kind;
Be ever mindful of the poor.
Nor tn m them hungry from the door;
And unto Qod, for health and food.
And all that in thy life is good.
Give thou thy hftart In gratitude.
WHAT NEWSPAPERS DO.
The newspapers really cover a wider range:
relate the daily history of more countries,
make personages much more visible, and not
infrequently narrate stirring incidents in a
style which makes them as exciting as any
adventures, either in the historic past or in
fiction. The surface of the world is spread
out before the readers of a wealthy newspaper
like a great panorama, with the advantage
that All tbe personages upon it are seen, as in
some of tbe newest photographs, in actual and
continuous motion. The world is reduced to a
staje and the observer is positively fascinated
by tbe drama going on, which being well "ren
dered" is so attractive that not a few of the
spectators become stagestruck.
MAY LOSE THEIR SHIRTS,
Jackson (Cal.) Republican.
One of Bryant's New York adherents wrote a
message on bis shirt cuff, put a postage stamp
on it and dropped it into the poatoffice. It ar
rived at its destination all right, informing
the "boy orator" that the writer was out of
paper and without a cent to buy a sheet. If ha
continues to stick to Bryan there will not be
enough of his shirt left to make a slit for a
collar-button. The whole combination will be
stark naked by the middle of next November.
SKIRT WITH BOX PLEATS.
There has been a healthy reaction against
skirts enormously full at the bottom; there are
no more eight and ten yards round, bnt there
is no change in the fashion situation which
has for the past year made plain wide skirts
the unchangeable feature of all costumes. Da
spite many efforts to introduce panels and
ttimming^ffects, tbe plain unlrimmed circu-
lar front skirt hanging extremely full holds, its
own. The box-pleated back which our ex
ample shows is its most favored form.
This model is seen in both separate skirts of
rich material > to . be worn with coat bisques
and blouse waists, and as part of costume* of
one material ; either .in combination with
Jackets for street wear or waists for Indoor use.
The pleats la the back are formed by separ
ate r ore*, the mum being hidden nadir the
folds. The front is seamless. Being cut circu
lar It is not necessary to bave darts at the top.
The only stiffening now used in skirts, and
even this is often omitted, is a five to ten Inch
facing of hair-cloth, with wirene canvan of crin
oline around the bottom. The skirt should be
lined throughout, the lining being cat exactly
like the goods.
For wash fabrics this shape is much used,
with a plain hem or facing. Tiny ruffles also
are used this season, and simulated tucks
formed of bias strips sewn through tne upper
edge by machine are new.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS,
Bilvkr Demonetized— O. C. 8., City. Silver
was demonetized by the act of Congress of
June iJO, 1874.
Spanish in School— Q. H. W., City. The
Spanish language is taught in the Polytechnic
High School, formerly the Commercial High
School. The terms are the ordinary, school
terms.
Bimetallic— "l 793," City. The delegates to
the Republican convention from California
were pledged to a bimetallic plank, providing
there would be an international bimetallic
convention.
Ages— O. C. R., City, To be President of the
United States the individual must be 35 years
of age, to be United States Benator he must be
30 years* of age, and to be a Representative he
inns tbe li o years of age.
Rich Outcroppings— R. C. and M. E., City.
On tne Comstock ledge there were many out
croppings which assayed more than $2000 to
the ton— the Ophir on that lodo, the Bodie in
Mono County and many others. Soire assays
reached as high as $4000. Ther* was a de
crease in the development.
Ccmejict— Oakland. Cal. Numismat
ists do sot want fractional currency of the
first Issue — that is those that have perforated
edges like postage stamps. For a clean, crisp
10-cent Dill 40 cents will be paid by dealers,
for a 25-cent one in good condition 50 cents
will be paid. This department does not ad
vertise dealers.
Tacalote— E. G. 8., Livermore, Cal. Tacalote,
the common name for the centaurea mell tensis,
is Indian, but what tne word means is not
given in the books. A trentleman is at this
time writing a series of articles on the Indian
names of plants and flowers and as soon as he
reaches the letter T and the word Tacalote
appears, if it does, bis definition will be given
in this department.
Silveb Mines— R. C. and M. E., City. The
richest silver mines are the Calico mines of
San Bernardino County. The richest copper
mine is the Union mine In Copperopoli.s,
Calaveras County. The question as to as«ays
of silver and copper is not clear enough to
determine what is wanted. You should state
if you desire information as to tbe highest
assays on record or as to what the assays are at
this Units.
The Financial Pbobxem— An Old Subscriber,
City. A prospective voter who wisbes to post
himself on the financial problem of the day
will find matter to enlighten him by consult- ;
ing the following works: "Public Debts, an!
Kssay on the Science of Finance," C.H. Adams;
"International Coinage," five volumes, W.
Bagebot; "Natural Law of Money," W. Brongh;
"Tne Common-sense, tbe Mathematics and the
Metaphysics of Money," J. B. Howe; "United
States Notes," J. J. Knox; "Money and Legal
Tender in the United States," H. R. Linder
man; 'An Aiphsbet In Finance," O. McAdam ;
"Treatise on Money and Essays on Present
Monetary Problems," J. 8. Nicholson; "Com
plete Guide to the World'B Monetary Systems,"
J. H. Norman; "Money," J. Platt; "Money,"
J. A. Quarles in American Magazine of Civics,
vol. 6; ''History of American Currency," W G.
Sumner; 'Money in Politic*," J. K. Upton;
"An Honest Dollar," E. B. Andres: "Bimetal
lism in Europe," United States Consular re
ports, No. 87: "The Monetary Question," G. M.
Boisvaiu ; "Nomisma, or Legal Tender," H.
Csrnuschi; -Money, Silver and Finance." J.
H. Cowperthwalt; "The Question of Silver,"
li. R. Erich; "Gold and Debt, an American
Handbook of Finance," W. L. Fawcett; "The
Case Against Bimetallism," W.C. Ford; speech
and papers on silver and other economic
questions (favorable to silver), N. P. Hill ;
"History of Bimetallism in the United States,"
J. L. Laugblin; "Chapters on Silver," H. G.
Miller: "Joint MetaiUsm." A. P. Spokes; "Tne
Silver Situation of the United States," F. \V.
Taucslg; "The People's Money," W. L. Tren
holm; "The Silver Question,'* G. M. Weston ;
"The Silver Question from the International
Standpoint," H. 8. Brooks in Overland
Monthly, vol. 21 ; "Can the United States
Restore the Bimetallic Standard to the World?"
G. G. Douglas in Arena, vol. 9; "Coin's
Financial School," and any number of special
articles that appear in the magazines as fol
lows: Yale Review, vol. 3; Fortnightly
Review, vol. 40: Forum, vol. 17; Nine
teenth Century, vol. 30; Forum, vol. 13;
American Magazine of Civics, v 01.6; Con
temporary Review, v 01.52; North American
Review, vol. 153; Forum, vol. 11; North
American Kcvi^w, vol. 157, and almost any
of the late magazines that devote space to
political economy. But above nil watch tbe
cc!':mn4 0i The Call and you will be able to
keep advised as to all the great questions that
come up in regard to finance.
Anti-Cruelty— T. S. Me, City. The follow
ing are the bylaws of tne Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals to apply to
membership and the law to officers or special
agents of the society:
The society shall consist of stockholders, honor
ary members and patronesses. viETsiNQgaiMaM* l^
Such residents of the city and County of San
Francisco as may become members, as hereinafter
provided, and who shall subscribe for one share of
the capital stock shall be deemed stockholders.
Honorary members are such as may be chosen
by the society or board of trustees on account of
some conspicuous act of mercy to the brute cre
ation or material aid to the society.
Ladies shall be eligible as members of the society
under the designation of patronesses. .
All nominations of candidates for membership
shall b« made in writing by some member of tbe
society, and filed with the secretary. The persons i
thus nominated, when elected by the society or :
board of trustees, shall become members of the
society; provided, that (except in the case of hon
orary members ana patronesses) the candidate
shall be required to first sign the by-laws and sub
scribe and pay for on« 'hare of the capital stock
before becoming a member.
The name of any member of tbe society may, by
a vote of two-thirds of the board of trustees, be
dropped from the roll of its members.
The capital stock of the society is divided into
shares of 81 each.: and every member other than
honorary member* and patronesses, must be a
stockholder, but shall not bold more than one
share.
The annual dues for the fiscal : ear shall be. for
stockholders and patronesses, *5; in Doth cases to
be paid, for the first year Immediately on election,
and thereafter to be paid yearly, in advance.
Such members, not in arrears, may commote for
life all dues for membership by the payment
of $60.
Tbe law authorizing the formation of socie
ties of this character says: ,
: All members and agents, and all local and dis
trict officers, of each or any of the societies so in
corporated, as shall by the trustees of said socie
ties be duly authorized in writing, approved by the
county Judge of the county, and sworn in the
same manner as are constables and peace officers.
may make arrests for the violation of any of the
provision* of this act. In . me same manner as is
provided herein for other officers; provided, that
all such members shall, when making such ar
rests, exhibit sod expose a suitable badge to be
adopted by said ■ society. All persons resisting
said specially appointed officers, as such, shall be
punished lor said resistance in the same manner
as Is provided for the punishment of resistance to
other officers.
THE CLOCK THAT WON'T GO.
When the workaday world la In a wild rush, '
When weather is torrid and all a mad crush,
1 shirk from the turmoil a minute or so .
And bast in th« thought of the clock that won't go.
Tis la aa old parlor, the green shades are down.
The chain are of hairdo the carp*!, is brown;
A vase of dried grasses, tintypes In a row
Are ranged on the shelf with the clock that won't
■*
It had known busy times, this sturdy ola clocic.
Red paint and bright gilt still is idleness mock:
It ticked day and night, then revolted, and lo!
Achieved a proud fame as the clock thai won't go.
They sog*ed it, they oiled It, they "sent for a man"
Who tinkered its works on the most improved
■-■ plan; l lHi'fTCmil lMf l llHlt|fl>i
But nothing would move It, it wouldn't badge no.
It never backed down, the old dock that won't go!
Speed on, flying boors, to the end of my dava.
Whirl halt In clear vision and half in dull haze-
But, oh ! now ana then, grant my tool bliss to
know
▲ brief dream of rest with the clock that won't »o.
—Chicago Record.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Sir Herbert Maxwell U writing a monoirraph
on Robert Brtjfe ior the "Heroes of the
Nations" series.
Professor Walter Williams, who has been in
the faculty of the Montana College of Agricul
ture, has been invited to go to Cornell Uni
versity.
Queen Victoria U rarely photographed stand
ing, on acooant of her small stature. When
sitting she gives the impressioa oi being a
fairly tall woman.
Sir John Millaia is so fond of having children
as models that should he see an unusually
pretty face he will go out of his way to obtain
a sketch ol it. IfetiHSHHHBttsMHaBHBtt
The widowed Queen of Naples is the only
lea*!*. Knight ol the Stuatu Onto o! it
George, an honor conferred BOlely for excep
tional gallantry under tire.
Some valuable theological books that we re
once the property of the Right Rev. Dr.
Thomas J. Clagfrett, the first Protestant Epis
copal HUnop oi Maryland, have been presented
to the Wbittingham Memorial Library of Bal
timore.
Should McKinley become President of the
United States he will be the fourth President
of Scottish origin. The others whose parental
ancestors came from Scotland were: Monroe,
the author of the famous "doctrine," Grant
and Rutherford B. Hayes.
The late King of Hanover was for many years
blind. A Scotch lady, Mrs. Duncan Stewart,
notably a bright conversationist, spent much
of her time with the invalid monarch, and
saved up every interesting Story she heard to
tell him. One day they went out driving
together, and she, as u«ual, was telling him a
tale. In the midst of the denouement the
horse started and the carriage tilted danger
ou>iy. -Why do you not go on with your
story?" said the King, "Because, sir, the
carriage Is just going to upset." That is the
coachman's affair," said the King; "do go on
with your story."
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Mrs. Devottee— They tell me that you preach
very .ouching sermons'?
Rev. Dr. Gumma- Well, I flatter myself that
I ra'ae more money /or church work than any
two other ministers in the State.— Truth.
" Man wan' s but little here below,"
So spak* the ancient wit:
To which It may b« safe to add,
lie also sets it— nit?
—Cincinnati Enquirer.
"Do you believe that we can telegraph to the
spirit land?"
"Yes, indeed; I had a dispatch from Bob
Badger yestarday."
"How did you know it was from Bob?"
"l.had to pay toe charges. "—Detroit Free
Press.
"Mr. Star," said the manager, "you positively
must quit letting your mind dwell so on your
wheel."
"Eh? Why?" asked the tragedian.
"Perhaps you are not aware of it, but in the
third act, where you should have cried, 'Ye
sods, I am stabbed!' you shouted, 'I am punc
tured!' "
Mr. Ferguson (who has been ready to start
to the theater an hour or more)— Laura, if you
had to take a train for heaven you would get
left.
Mrs. Ferguson (buttoning her glove)— l don't
know whether I would or not, but if I did catch
it, I know I would hnve to travel without any
escort.— Chicago Tribune.
It was just after tne honeymoon, and she
had undertaken to get a breakfast for him
with her own hands In spito of the fact that
she was inexperienced.
•I think this egg is bad, Harry," she said.
"How can I find out for sure?"
"Taste it," he replied promptly.
That's why he went to his office hungry that
morning.— Chicago Post.
Towssend's famous broken candy, 2 lbs. 25c'
If you want fine service, fine carriages, com
petent drivers, ring up 1950. Pac. Carriage Co,*
Special Information dull? to manafactarsrv
business houses and public men by the Praii
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Hcsbaxd's Calcined Magnesia.— riur first
premium medals awarded. More agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other mag
nesia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trade-mark label. *
"Do yon think the bard times are really
over?"
"Isnpposaso. Why do you ask?"
"Blanche CoUlcash has just had a pro
posal. — Brooklyn Life.
Cheap txcursion to St. Paul.
The Shasta route and the Northern Pacific Rail
road has been selected as the official route to at
tend the National Encampment of the G. A. B. at
St. Paul, to be held there September 2to 5. The
excursion will leave San Francisco and Sacra
mento Angunt 26 at 7 p.m. Kates $67 90 for ihe
round trip. The above rate is open to all who wish
to make the trip East. Send your name and ad
dress to T. K. Siateler, general agent, 638 Market
treet, Ban Francisco, for sleeping-car reservations.
Are You Going East,?
The Atlantic and i acme Railroad— Santa P«
route— is the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer lint, owing to Its elevation and absence of
alßal! dust. Particularly adapted lor the trans
portation of families because of_lis palace draw
ing-room and moaarn upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and in
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Ticic
et office, 644 Market street, Chronicle building
Telephone, Main 1531.
HrsDREDS have testified to tbe curatiTe prop
erties of Ayer's Cherry Pectoral in colds, coughs
ami other throat ami lung troubles.
aftkr a sleepless night use Dr. Siescm'.i Angos
tura Bitvers to lone up your system. All druggir.a.
Adolphus— l wonder if Miss Sharpe was guy
ing me, or if she is really gone on me.
Theodore — Why, what did she say?
Adolphus— She said I would always be fresh
in her memory —Boston Transcript.
NEW TO-DAT.
HH Teas
i Coffees
Coffees
upices
So Good
So Pure
A Beautiful Piece of Chinaware
Given to Each Customer.
Great Americanlmportii Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. U 6 Ninth st-
-3510 Mission st. • ■> 218 Third st.
140 Sixth st. . 2003 Fitlmcre at.
61 •>£•«>> st 905 Market st.
1410 Polk st. 3006 Sixteen to st.
531 Montgomery «ye. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st • 3350 Mission st.
S3 Market St. (Headquarters), S. P.
«053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth St.
Ui San Pablo sve. 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park St., AUmeda. * I
CHEAP POWER
— — FOR-
MINING HOISTS, MILLING, PUMPING
AND ALL OTHER PURPOSES,
FROM 1 TO 300 HORSE POWER.
HERCULES SPECIAL
21 Actual Horse Power 0 A nc
2 DISCOUNT FOR CASH. 0I 0 V
HERCULES Q AS ENGINE WORKS,
BUILDERS OF
CAS AND OiL ENGINES,
Offick: Wokxs:
403-40 Sansome St. •315-8 Bay 8U
■ . San Francisco. C*l.
J #g^DEWEV&CO !f #gg^
fc patents! 3TUESDAY JPX.Y 28, 1690
AMUSEMENTS.
BiLDwnr Tkh*t«b— "Bohemia."
rAuroBSiA T *AT*B--'Merchant of^enl«.-
COI.TIKBIA TKXATKB-'The Highest Bidder."
WoKosco'scrtKA-liocsK-'Jlr. Barnes of New
York.'
Tivoij Oph*-Hoc»«-- "Faust"
Obphtck— High-Class Vaudeville.
Bormo Baths— Bathing and performancea.
VHoci the CHTTES-Dally at Halght sorest,
cue block east of the Park. - •
AUCTION SALES.
By a BASCH-Thls day (Tuesday), Furniture,
at 110* Van Ness avenue, at 11 o'clock.
By Joseph T. TERBY-Thls day (Tuesday),
Personal Property, at 643 Folsom st, at 12 clock.
By Scixiyax & Doylk— Thursday, July 30,
Horses, cv., at 220 Valencia street, at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair Tueiaay, with fresh winds, is the
weather prediction for to-day.
Jackson-street wharf is loaded with peart,
lor which there is no demand.
Otto Durbrow, the boy who ran away about
ten days ago, has returned to his home.
Sergeant Price and posse are busily engaged
breaking up the various highbinder tongs.
It nas been decided to try to raise money for
the Presbyterian Orphans' Farm by subscrip
tion.
The joint campaign committee of the
Woman Suffrage Association met yesterday
morning.
The James G. Blame Club is one of the latest
Republican organizations organized for party
ptincipies.
The municipal convention of the Socialist
Labor pirty will be held next Sunday at 115
Turk street.
Francis O. O'Connor has applied for letters
ot" administration on the $3500 estate of Jere
miah O'Connor.
Jesse T. Tate has been appointed execntor of
the will of Caroline Tabor, who left property
valued at $8100.
The «ocial reform mass-meeting at the Metro
politan Temple was very interesting and
largely attended.
Two plague spots where mosquitoes are bred
in this City have been visited by the Board of
Health inspectors.
Mrs. Whitney of 1301 Webster street has
taken out warrants for the arrest of three boys
who killed her pet cat.
Union League Club members have been sum
moned to meet to-morrow night to help form
a central Republican club.
The various local ministerial organizations
passed a busy day yesterday in discussing top
les of interest in the Christian world.
The directors of the Presbyterian Orphans'
Farm propose to raise money by subscriptions
to purchase the site near SanAnselmo.
Renwell L. Dnnn, the well-known mining
expert, has been engaged by a syndicate of
bankers to examine some mines in Siberia.
It has been decided to postpone the proposed
Carnival of the Golden Gate, which was to
have been held in the fall, nntil next spring.
The managers of tbe good-roads demonstra
tion on Saturday nipht blame the police aad
Manager Vining for tbe confusion among their
Edward Weir, a tea peddler, who has been
Esain pestering a young lady with hit love
letters, was arrested last night on a charge ot
insanity.
Fondness for other people's coin has been
the means of bringing Edward Mason of
Truckee under the discipline of the postal
authorities.
The Merchants' Association will soon^ take
action ia the matter oi removing the unused
car tracks which now disfigure many of the
:" mis City.
Fire Marshal Towe is investigating the origin
oi the fires in Adcock's mi Jir.ery st">re, 10
f street, and McAleer's tannery, Twemy-
Eixth and Hampshire streets.
Amos N. Rugg, a prominent young mining
rcan of Plnmas County, was drownedlast Fri
day evening while attempting to ford the
North Fork of the Feather Kiver.
A warrant was sworn out yesterday for the
arrest of Mrs. Charles Mitchell, Sweeney's
f.ho slashed a horse in the neck with' a
razor Saturday night on Eighth street.
- Henderson, a prominent colored Re
publican oi this City, has expressed his will
ingness to accept the challenge recently given
by local colored Democrats for a joint debate.
The Board of Supervisor* decided yesterday
to fix appropriations for the municipal depart
ments as a committee of the whole instead of
leaving the matter to the Finance Committee.
The shoemakers 6T this City are organizing
as a home industry union. They will co-oper
ate with their employers and with the Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association of Cali
fornia.
The residence of ex-Supervisor Jefferson G.
James, 2131 Howard street, was entered by
burglars early Sunday morning and about
$1000 worth of diamonds and other articles
stolen.
A social reception was given last night to
Henry Payot, the founder and first president
of the San Francisco Whist Club, and his wife,
in honor oi their recent return home from
Europe.
A meeting cf colored folks, who believe in
woman suffrage, held last nignt at me Third
Baptist Church, was addressed by Mrs. Naomi
Anderson. Miss Susan B. Anthonpana Mrs. A.
A. Sargent.
At yesterday's session of the Pacific Coast
Women's Press Association the ladies de
clared that they were entitled to a fair share
of the gold and silver of the country, as well
as the right to vote.
It is the opinion that the level assessment
plan cannot much longer sustain beneficiary
jtvsociations, and a number of them have
adopted the graded and classified assessment
plan, a new feature.
While responding to an a' arm of lire at the
foot of Sixtii street last night Chief Engineer
as and the driver oi the Potrero hose
.l narrow escapes from being run down
by Southern Pacific locomotives.
T. J. L. Smiley told the Election Commission
ers yesterday that election officers were fraud
y reii-tered, and Registrar Hlnton was
:eted to investigate and notify the Grand
Jury if irregularities were discovered.
President Asano of the proposed line of
Japan steamers to this country will arrive
o-day and wiil be cordially* welcomed by
thoee most interested in the commerce of San
Francisco, with a view to having this port
mnde a terminus of the line.
Mr?. Alice Poulson. widow of the late Dr.
Poulsoo of Fruirvaie, desires to have corrected
the statement that ihe is a spiritualistic me
dium or that she believes in any such doc
trines. Mrs. Poulson has nothing* to do with
the public meetings now being conducted by
Prophet Herbert Smith near the month of San
Lorenzo Creek.
THE EIGHT TO VOTE.
Colored Folks Think That It Should
Be Given to the Women.
The colored women are just as clamor
ous for political rights as their white sis
ter*. There wa« a gathering of women
suffragists last night in the Third Baptist
(colored) Church on Powell street.
Feated upon the platform were: Mrs.
Rice, the chairman, Miss Susan B.
Anthony. Mrs. Naomi Anderson, the
ored orator of Kansas, and Mrs. A. A.
S-argent.
After a prayer by the pastor, the Rev.
George E. Duncan, the president intro
duced Mrs. Arderson. "It takes more
iban one tiling," she said, "to make an
excellent woman. It is true lam a great
1 idy, for I weigh even more than the cele
brated Susan B. Anthony.
•In the cbiored people I am specially
interested and I entreat you to vote for
the pending constitutional amendment
and so secure to women the right to vote.
The equality of women means also the
equality of men. For a long time the
franc bfse was denied to colored men and
now we ask you to secure the same privi
lege to your colored sisters."
Miss Anthony «nJ Mrs. Sargent followed
in oriel yet vigorous addresses, and then,
on motion of the fie?. Dr. Duncan, it was
resolved that the sentiment of the as
sembly was in. favor of the adoption of the
constitutional amendment giving to
women the right to rote.
New Fruit Company.
The Hanford and Ormand Fruit and Raisin
Exchange vu yesterday incorporated by A. G.
Freeman, John Worseirck, Charies King, E. R.
Baxter and Joseph Durney. The capital stock
:.- £50,000. all of which has been paid up.
Horrrg Sch-x>l foi Boys, Burlingame. Sixth
: year begins Au«. 4. Ira Q. Hoi It, Fh.D., Matter*
PEARS A DRUG
IN THE MARKET
The Jackson-Street Wharf
Crowded With the
Luscious Fruit
NO BUYERS IN SIGHT.
Trouble on the American Ship
Sterling Over the Food
Served at Port Costa.
THE CREW LEFT HER IN A BODY
Captain Johnson Left the Bark Enoch
Talbot at Ventura Because of
a Love Affair.
Pears are a drag on the market and
Jackson-street wharf is crowded with
them. The canneries do not want them,
and as there is no outside market many
of them will remain on the wharf until
they rot or are given away, as several
loads of onions were last week.
Besides the pears there are large quanti
ties of potatoes lying around, and if some
of the accumulations are not carted away
soon tbe river steamers will have no place
on which to discharge their cargoes.
Nearly all the fruit is from the Sacra
mento Valley, but the Napa City and Zin
fandel also bring considerable from Napa.
The peach crop is light this year, so there
is no surplus of that fruit, but pears are
more abundant than usual, and in conse
quence the supply far exceeds the de
mand. Every river steamer that gets in
during the day brings a load and the piles
on the wharf are constantly increasing. A
dozen teamsters are hauling the fruit
away all day, but they cannot reduce the
sue ply.
The British ships Lauriston, eighty
three days from Newcastle, Australia, and
Queen Elizabeth, sixty days from Hong
kong, arrived in port yesterday. Both
masters report light and baffling winds
throughout the entire passage. Both ves
sels made unusually long passages. The
Lauriston is loaded and the Queen Eliza
beth has a general cargo of Chinese mer
chandise.
The gasoline schooner Checto is unload
ing a quantity ot wreckage from the Co
lombia at Howard 3. Among it is a piano,
two cases of machinery, wire, pots and
pans, laaies 1 underclotning and about a
dozen sets of Waverly novels. Everything
was ruined, and, with the exception of the
machinery, will probably not bring enough
at auction to pay expenses. As soon as
she i 9 discharged the Checto will go back
for another load.
The bulwarks of the Britsh ship Cedar
bank, which were damaged during a storm
off Cape Horn, were beine repaired yes
terday. Tbe vessel seems to be unfortu
nate on her runs to San Francisco. On
the last occasion she arrived in port with
her cargo of coal on fire.
• Captain Davis of the American ship
Sterling is having trouble with his crew.
While she was Joading at Port Costa the
men say they were only half fed, and they
assert that on Saturday night and yester
day morning they got nothing to eat at
all, as the vessel was in the stream and
there was no cook aboard. When it came
along toward noon the men's appetites
would not be gainsaid, so the mate, car
penter and three sailors — all the crew that
was aboard— packed up their belongings
and came ashore. The carpenter and men
are very bitter against the| skipper and do
not mince matters when talcing about
him. They predict that if ne treats his
new crew in the manner he treated them
there will be a muting before the vessel
reaches Liverpool.
Soon after the Sterling arrived here
from New York she was sold to
tbe Alaska Packers' Association and
Captain Weldou was succeeded by
Captain Davis. The former was a uni
versal favorite, but Davis was not so well
liked. M«nv of the men left the ship and
were paid off. When, therefore, she went
to Port Costa there was only a small com
plement left and the three sailors had to
take turns at doing the work of a watch
man. .
The plans of the whaljne excursion have
been changed. It will not leave San Fran
cisco until August 22 next, and the Pacific
Coast steamship Queen will go out with
the Fearless, instead of the steam schooner
Albion. Instead of anchoring in Drake's
Bay at night the party will make its bead
quarters at Santa Cruz. After the whale
is captured Monterey and the wreck of the
Colombia will be visited and the entire
party will be landed in the City about
noon on the following Monday. T. C.
Wills, who is engineering the excursion,
resigned from J. C. Kirn ball <fc Co. to ac
cent a position with Goodali. Perkias &
Co. He is one of the best-known and b st
lifced men on tbe water front, and if any
body can make the excursion a success he
can. The whale when killed will be towed
to port and placed on exhibition and the
proceeds Were to go to tae carnival fund.
If the carnival should not come off the
money will be donated to the Associated
Charities.
The oil bark Enoch Talbot arrived from
Ventura yesterday in tow of the tug Res
cue. The crude material was wanted
badly at the refinery, so it was thought
be-*t to send a tug after tne vessel. Cap
tain Johnson did not come up on the ves
sel. He created a sensation in Los
Angeles by taking to sea with him ayoung
actress, who was formerly at the Orpheum,
as his wife. This gave rise to a great deal
of talk, and when the vessel left Ventura
Johnson quietly walked ashore and Cap
tain Merriman took command.
Sodiom Asano, the representative of the
Japanese Steamship Company now seek
ing a terminus in this country, will be en
tertained by the Chamber of Commerce on
his return from Portland. Everything
possible will be done to secure the line of
steamers for San Francisco.
* Some time ago it was stated in Tmt Call
that there was no school of navigation in
San Francisco since the deatn of Captain
McNevin. This was a great mistake, as
the well-known old master's two sons
have conducted a most successful school
ever since their fatner's death. During
the past month the following have gradu
ated and received certificates from the
United States Inspectors of Hulls and
Boilers: As master and pilot—Al
fred Johnson, Jacob Lossions and
Fred Warner: as mate— C. J. Hol
land, E. T. Marshall, John D. Peyster
Down, Waiter C. Aust and Josepn M.
Howarth. To Walter C. Aust, Ira Nor
dych and John Spie certificates of com
petency in navigation and seamanship
were issued by the Chamber of Commerce.
The Divorce Courts.
. Judge Hebbard yesterday granted William
Schneider a divorce from Mary M. Schneider,
because of the latter.- desertion and infidelity.
The parties were married in Oakland in 1892
and have no chiIdren.^SPSfeSKSBMSKS
Ernestine Bracken was also legally
separated from Frank O. Brackett, the Crocker
building real estate agent, by Judge Hebbard.
Extreme cruelty was? the reason for the di
vorce. ■■ -'" ■<-.''■ •-• ;■.'.-"-. . ■ ■ ' - :
, It was claimed that Brackett persecuted 'hit
wife because she ■ appeared in a new dress
which he did no', buy for Her, but which she
claimed she received * from " her : mother. Mrs.
Brackett resumes her maiden name, Ernestine
Hackett HBB9MB
THTE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 28, 1896.
Jackson-Street Wharf Is Loaded Down With Pears From the Sacramento River. There Is No
Demand and the Fruit Is a Drug on the Market. Every River Steamer Brings Down From
250 to 500 Boxes.
A BOLD SCHEMER
LANDS IN PRISON
Edward Mason Swindles a
Boston Woman Out
of $ioo.
TRIED A SECOND TIME.
Told That Her Son Had Been
Seriously Injured in an
Accident
HOW THE PLOT WAS EXPOSED.
Clever Work of Inspector Munro.
Who Succeeds in Bringing the
Fellow to Justice.
Fondness for other people's coin has
been the means of bringing Edward Ma-
Everett Christie, the Man Edward Mason Claimed to Have Nursed Through •
Long Illness, tbe Result of a Railroad Accident.
! ton of Truckee, but temporarily claiming
i Colusa as his home, under the ban of the
; Government. He Is charged with using
i the mails for fraudulent purposes and by
| order of Inspector-in-charge Munro was
arrested yesterday. He will be brought
from Colusa to-day by a United States
deputy marshal.
The evidence in the possession of Mr.
Mnnro proves Mason to be a very smooth
citizen, thoujr.i he was a little over-confi
dent, as the after results prove.
In April last Mason, who was then liv
ing at Truckee. wrote to Mrs. Margarett
Christie of Warham, Mass., stating that
her son. Everett Christi, had been seriously
injured in a railway accident One ankle
was broken and both wrists fractured and
to the latter affliction was due the son's
inability to write. Mason assured Mrs.
Christie that her son was doing very well
under his care and further that the boy
was most anxious to get home. The letter
| wound up by requesting that $100 be sent
; at once to Mason and he would see the
'< son safely aboard the cars going to Boston
town. The writer claimed to be Sheriff of
j Nevada County, requesting, however, that
j all letters be sent to "plain James Mason,
! Truckee, Cal."
In time the money reached Mason, who
lost no time in leaving Truckee, h« taking
with him a woman known in that section
of the country as Ella Raymond. To
Colusa the pair journeyed and for a time
rolled very high. Alter a few days, how
ever, Mason's coin began to run low and
he bethought himself of ways and means
to replenish his purse. He wrote to Miss
Hattie M. Cristie of Boston repeating the
old story of the railroad accident. He sup
posed that she had been informed by her
mother at Warham of the "sad affair,'
winding up with the concluding statement
that the $100 sent by her was not sufficient
to cover all the expenses. He assured tbe
sister that he had taken a great interest in
her brother, in fact had become so much
attached to him that he had kept the
"poor boy" at his private house instead of
sending him to the hospital. Mason
wound up by requesting the sr.m of $65.
tiut the sister was not so easily auped.
She was anxious to help her brother if he
needed. Dut she wanted to be sure on that
point. Accordingly Miss Christie wrote
the Postmaster at Truckee lor information
about "Sheriff Mason," and also her
brother. This little precaution brought
about the downfall of Mason. It developed,
of course, that M;ison held no official po
sition in Nevada County, and. in fact, wa3
hardly known there. The matter was at
once tnrned over to Inspector Munro, and
after several weeks he succeeded in tracing
Mason to Colusa. In tne meantime he
also found Everett Christie, the "injured"
son and brother. He has been in San
Francisco for two years, and is now work
ing as cook at Swanberg's oyster-house.
One of the peculiar phases of the case is
that Christie does not know Mason, at
least under that name. He will be at In
spector Munro's office to-day to get a good
square look at the rranwno knows enough
of his family to be able to perpetrate such
a fraud.
EDWARD WEIR AGAIN.
The Insane Peddler Who Pesters Young
Ladles With Hi* Love-Letters
Once More Arrested.
Edward Weir, a tea peddler, is at his old
tricks again of annoying a young lady by
his endearing letters.
A year ago be made life unendurable to
' Miss Denicke of Sacramento and Mason
streets, by sending her loving epistles and
then threatening to kill her. He had seen
1 the vonng lady wtile peddling tea at her
I father's honse. Finally Mr. Denicke had
! him arrested and he was adjudged insane
by the Insanity Commissioners and sent
j to Napa.
He *as released about two months ago,
I and since then he has been pestering Miss
1 Conway, a young lady living on McAllis
ter street, with bis love-letters and threats
to till. She complained to the police, and
I last night Policeman McLauehlin arrested
him and booked him at the City Prison on
the charge of insanity.
More Reduced Grain Rates.
In anticipation ot additional grain rates be
ing put into operation by the Valley road
shortly, the Southern Pacific yesterday re
duced ita rates to half a dozen new points in
the San Joaqutn Valley wnich will be in com
petition with Millers Siding and Lankershim,
on the new road From Talbot, Dual ton and
Madera the new rate of »he Southern Pacific is
f'J per ton to Stockton, from Days Spur $2 10,
Herbert *2 15 and Knowles $2 20. T.. Port
Costa and Vallejo the rate is 5O cents higher in
each case and to San Francisco $1 nigher.
Kat-.-s to intermediate points will be no higher.
From Miller- ~iJimt and Laukershim the
rate of the Valley road, which will be put into
effect in a day or two, will be $2 to Stockton
and *2 5O to San Francisco, Port Cost* or
Vallejo. _
A Stay mt Proceedings.
In the case of Daniel H. Foley and the Dia
mond Real Estate and Investment Company
against 3uperior Judge Hebbard, County Clerk
Curry and Sheriff Whelan, the Supreme Court,
at the instance of the j-laiutiffs and petitioners.
has ordered the defendants to refrain from
proceeding in any way upon the execntion
issued in the action ot Mtry A. Foley against
Dauiel H. Folev and the Diamond Real Estate
and Investment Company until the appeal
now pending shall have been determined.
Trunks Moved 35 Cent*.
Commercial Transfer Co., 43 gutter street.
Telephone Mala 49. Keep your checks for us.*
ANGRY FEELING
AMONG CYCLISTS
They Complain of the Po
lice and Manager
Vining.
FROMISES NOT KEPT.
Claimed That Orders Were to Be
Given to Stop the
Cars.
CHIEF CROWLETS DEFENSE.
He Denies Emphatica ly That Any
thing Was Said to Him About
Stopping the Cars.
An angry feeling pervades the ranks of
the bicyclists who took part in Saturday
night's parade over what they consider
the unfair treatment accorded them o_.
the Market-street Cable Company and the
police.
The managers of the demonstration say
that amole preparations had been made
for a clear route and an uninterrupted pa
rade, but the contrary was the result.
They were neglected by the police, run
into by the cable and electric cars and an
noyed by hoodlums, so that at times there
was confusion in their ranks and the pa
rade had to be broken up before the end
of the march down town.
H. F. Wynne, who has tak?n a promi
nent part in the movement for good roads
since its inception, said yesterday that he
went to Manager Vining of the Market
street Cable Company and secured a
promise that the cats would be stopped
along the route if the Chief of Police would
give orders to his mentoseeth.it the
promise was kept. He went to Chief
Crowley and the Chief informed ! im that
Manager Vining's orders would be carried
out by the police. He said that Chief
Crowley neglected to give orders to his
men to stop the cars.
Chief Crowley was seen last night, and
be gave an emphatic denial to the state
ment that Mr. Wynne or any one else had
at any time asked him to see that the cars
were stopped during the parade, or men
tioned to him anything about Manager
Vining giving a promise to that effect.
"About two weeks ago,'' said the Chief,
"a gentleman called upon me and asked
that a platoon of' police in uniform,
mounted on bicycles, should be assigned
to head the parade. I told hi in frankly
that I did not favor tbe proposition, as I
looked upon it simply as an advertising
scheme on the part of the manufacturers
of bicycles. I promised, however, to lay
the matter before the Commissioners at
their next meeting.
"The meeting was held on Wednesday
night, July 15, and I iaid the matter before
them. They declined to accede to the re
quest, believing as I did that it was simply
an advertising scheme.
"Two eentlemen called upon me the day
after the meeting and I told them of the
decision of the Commissioners, but prom
ised to have a platoon of mounted police
men at the head of the procession. I also
promised to have men along the line of tne
procession and three or four men at Eighth
and Folsom streets, which they had re
quested.
"That was all that took place between
myself and the representatives of the
demonstration. If any one says that any
thing was said to me about stopping tbe
j cars during the procession, he says what
is absolutely untrue. The word cars was
never mentioned, of that lam certain. If
any one had told me that Manager Vining
I had promised to stop the csrs I would
' have been only too happy to have given
orders to my men to see that it was kept,
as it would have made things much easier
for the police.
"It has always been the custom of per
sons in charge of a parade to bring a
I promise from the manager of the cable
! company to me and I have always seen that
het cars were stopped. But in the present
case nothing of the kind was done. I
have no power to stop the cars without
orders from the cable company.
"The cars are always stopped during the
parades on Decoratioaday and the Fourth
of July, but for other parades special per
mission has to be asked from the com
pany.
"The bicyclists may complain that there
were not sufficient police along the route,
but I did the best I could under the cir
cumstances. My experience of these night
parades in tbe past has made me careiul
not to leave the whole City unprotected
j aeainst the depredations of thieves and
! burglars. People have left their houses to
: go downtown and see a procession, and
as nearly the whole police force was there
' also the resuit was that numerous com
i plaints came in of houses having been
j broten into. That taught nie*a lesson.
"I had as many men along the line of
route as I could spare with safety to the
City, and they did t^e best they could.
i About four-fifths of the crowd was com
: posed of women and children, and the
! police could not be expected to club them
|or us« unnecessary force. The police did
i all they could to subdue the hoodlum ele
! ment and arrested tnree or four of them.
'■Just let me say that if those in charge
of the parade had chosen, as they ought to
have done, the north side, of Market
street instead of the south, the trouble at
The Emporium would not have occurred,
as they would not have been compelled to
cross the cartracks."
SILENT BURGLARS
IN THE MISSION,
The Residence of Jefferson
G. James Ran
sacked.
NO NOISE WAS HEARD.
While the Family Slept Dia
mends and Other Articles
Were Stolen.
ENTERED BY A REAR WINDOW
The Police Have Been Notified, but
So Far There Is No Clew to
the Midnight Visitors.
Ex-Supervisor Jefferson G. James is
mourning tbe loss of his diamond studs
and other articles of the value of about
11000 and he is willing co pay $230 for their
return and to ask no questions.
While he and his family were sound
asleep Sunday morning visitors called at
the house, 2131 Howard street, and finding
one of the windows in the rear unfastened,
they entered by that means so as not to
disturb the sleepers by ringing the front
doorbell.
They went through the dining-room
into the hallway and ascended to the
sleeping apartments upstairs. From ail
appearances they had familiarized them
selves with the interior of the house.
Mr. and Mrs. James slept in a large
double bedroom facing Howard street and
Mr. and Mrs. Walker C. Graves in a large
room in the rear.
Mrs. James was the first to discover that
strangers had been in the house during
the night. She arose about 6 o'clock Sun
day morning and found, to her astonish
ment, everything in the room in confus
ion. Bureau drawers had been drawn
out and their contents dumped upon the
floor. Her diamonds, worth over $1000,
were kept in a chest of drawers that stood
in a corner near the bed, and to her joy
she found that they had escaped the ob
servation of the midnight visitors. They
were in the bottom drawer and evidently
by chance all the drawers had been care
fully examined except the bottom one.
Mrs. James then awakened her Hus
band. His garments, which he had placed
on a chair, Had disappeared. In the hall
way he found his shirt, but his diamond
studs, one weighing IJ£ carats and the
other l}£ carats, were gone, and so were
his diamond cuff buttons and collar but
ton. His trousers and purse were also in
tbe hallway, and $14 had been abstracted
from the purse. His gold watch, worth
$250, and two jeweled brooches had also
been stolen.
After ransacking Mr. James' room the
burglars had visited the room occupied by
Mr. and Mrs. Graves. They emptied Mr.
Graves' trousers pockets of their coin and
carried away Mrs. Graves' silk dress, which
was subsequently found in the yard, to
gether with her husband's hat. They had
taken with them, however, a fine overcoat
belonging to Mr. Graves and a brand-new
silk hat which Mr. James purchased a few
days ago.
The burglary was reported to the police
on Sunday, and detectives have since then
been working on the case. Each pawn
broKer in the City has been supplied with
a list of the stolen articles, but it is not
thought likely that the burglars will try to
dispose of the property h?re.
Mr. James said he retired about 12:30
o'clock Sunday morning and slept soundly
till awakened by his wife, who told him of
the burglary. The burglars had done
their work silently and effectively. He
congratulated himseif that his wife's dia
monds had been overlooked. He is hope
ful that the men will soon be captured.
SHOEMAKERS ORGANIZING
They Will Form a Strong Home
Industry Union This
Week.
The shoemakers of this City are organ
izing, not so much on trade-union lines as
for a united effort to induce the public to
patronize home industries.
Tbe first meeting was held last evening
at9lsV£ Market street, and about fifty were
present. P. McKittrick was selected as
chairman and J. McGrane as secretary.
The latter, ir. discussing the situation,
said that in this City there are 700 shoe
makers and not over 200 are employed.
Those who are at work put in ten hours a
day at piece work, and even then there is
not sufficient to keep them busy ail of the
time. Consequently the pay is very poor.
He said :
"During the past four months several of
the larger manufacturers have closed their
factories and many of our shoemakers are
thrown out of work. The reason is that
nearly all of the footwear comes from the
East. In fact, of every ten pairs of shoes
worn on this Coast not more than one pair
is made here. It is time to turn the tide.
We have the leather here and we have the
shoemakers here. Why should the raw
material be sent East for manufacture
while our men are idle?
"Our purpose is to stimulate th« spirit
HEW TO-DAT:
Who was it said, "A
nation has the government
it deserves"?
We think (we do not
know) that you want pure
tea, fresh tea, inspiring tea;
and when your attention
is called to the fact that
the tea you are drinking
is not fresh, that most of it
is not pure, that we money-
back our statements and
our tea— we think you
will care enough to try
the tea.
If you don't care— too
bad! Maybe you don't
deserve pure tea.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco . . S3&
ww to-x>at:
tresses are far more to the
matron than to the maid whose casket
of charms is yet unrifled by time.
Beautiful women will be glad to be
reminded that falling or fading hair
is unknown to those who use
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
of patronizing onr Pacific Coast industries,
and we will unite to this end with the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion of California. Both organizations
will work to the same end. and within a
few days we will send a committee to the
association to discass the situation. We
are sure of the support of our employers
in this move, for many of them are mem
bers of the Manufacturers' Association.
"Our proposed plan of action is this:
We will adopt a trademark to show that
the goods we turn out are of California
manufacture, and, maybe, the Manufac- ""
turers' Association's home-industry trade
mark will be made to serve the purpose.
Then we will work among the labor
unions to get their members to purchase
only eoods stamped with the accepted
trademark. In the strict sense of the
term, this will not be a trades union, for
we believe that if we can build up our
tra<Je our wages will be regulated without
any difficulties with the empioyine ele
ment. Within a montii we expect that
every shoemaker In the. City will be in
our organization and every member will
be a committee of on- to encourage the
patronage of uome industry. "
Several years ago there was a strong
shoemakers' union of 700 members in good
standine, but it was wrecked, it is said, by
scheming parties who drew the men into
troubles that might have been avoided.
These troubles caused the employers to
throw all union men out of their factories,
and the latter retaliated by purchasing
Eastern goods. Since then "the trade has
gone down, and from appearances the em
ployers and employes are interested in the
present movement.
NEW TO-LAY— AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
BALDWIN I FROHMA.VB
EMPIRE THEATER CO.,
From the Empire Theater. New York. -
THIS WEEK •»X LV-MAT. SATUBD AT,
Clyde Fitch's Comedy,
"BosrEivri-A." — -
As Presented for Over 100 Nights at the
Empire Theater. 1
Next Monday, Aug. — Another Great Sncceas,
"THK BENEFIT OF I'HE DOUBT,"
By Pine ro. Monday. • up. 10,"The Masquerades."
a AT-mr I Farewell Week !
PA 1 11 Pnnll I A LASr NIGHTS !
To-night— Benefit Tendered to Parlors
Olympus and Presidio, N. S. G. W.
L. R. Rockwell's Company of Players
& edk. 1 ttM -— gg COGHL.O
; An Elaborate Scenic Production— THE
"MERCHANT OF VENICE f
Mr. Warde as Sbylock Miss Coghlan as Portia
| Monday, An?. 3-CHAUSCET OLCOTT in
■MAVOUR.VEK.V."
TmCDLAnOtR.«STTU)D«» <?■ u»C3Anah*n*sttt—
NOTHING ~T~ THE
NEW UNDER | SUN
When You SpeaK of Success by
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
The Excellent Performance of
THE
HIGHEST
BIIDT3EPI
lAst N':ght Was No Kzceptlon.
Curtain Calls After Every Act.
Monday hit •*! GOLD IKE"
And First Appearance of WILT »X LACKAYE
and LOUISK THORNDYKE-BOrCICAL'LT.
SEATS ON SALE THURSDAY.—
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
M«a. ■■■f I W ajiKLiN-». Proprietor A <IIH«
Season of Italian and English Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mr. i;usiav Hixbicjxs.
THIS EVENING—
Also Thursday and .Saturday,
GonnoU's Immortal Opera,
"FAUST !"
TO-MORROW EVENXNG —",
Also Friday and Sunday,
"O-A-IRJkIEISr !"
Great Casts!
Correct Costumes! Beautiful Scenery 1
Next Week — "FAGLIAGCI."
Popular Pries— 2sc and sOe.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE,
The Handsomest Family Theater la America. "
WaUKK MOKOSCO. Sole Leases ana 2tMa*tx
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT.
limited Star Engagement of the Romantic Actor,
—^- JAMES M. BROPHT
-Our California Boy,"
In the Title Hole of Gunter's Great Drama,
"MR. BARNES OF NEW YORK I"
I The Attraction of the Season.
Evening Prices— 2se and 50c.
Family i ircl • and Gallery. 10c
i Usual vatineet Saturday and. Sunday.
OTarren Street, Bet ween "toctcton and Powell.
'Week Commencing Monday, July 27»
NEW AND <;KEAT CARDS, NEW!
hum: TECHOW
And Hi« Marvelous Performing Cats.
LVlliA YEAMANS- I'lTl '.
Assisted by FRED J. TITUS.
■ BIONDI In New sketches.
A RAG ON and ;» Great Vaudeville Co.
.Reserved Seats. Flo; .Balcony, lt)c; Opera Cha.ci
and Box Seats. 30c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.-
THE CHUTES, .~~
o -A- i o !
And Greatest Scenic Hail way on Earth!
ETFRV AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Take Advantage of the Weekdays and See
"JOE
The Only living Exponent '■ of * the Darwinian
Theory in America. . ■
—A Wonderful Bill of Novelties
And Positively Las*. Week of
THE XARLO-OI'MUM FAMILY.
ADMISSION lo CENTS.
; Children, including Merry-Uo-Konnd, 5 cent*
Jwtar |$aths. p /«»"
v ■ £5 Gronnds
Open Daily from 7 a.m. Until 11 p. m. ! i - :'
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
General A ion— Ad alts 10c, Children 5c
78
FATAL ATTEMPT
TO FORD A RIVER.
Sad Death of Amos U. Rugg,
a Prominent Mining
Man.
ALMOST REACHED SHORE
Attacked by Cramps While Swim
ming Toward the River
Bank.
GREAT MOURNING IN OROVILLE
Over Two Hundred Townspeople
Escorted tbe Remains to tbe
Railroad Station.
AmosT. Rugg, a prominent and pomilar
young mining man of Plumas County,
while attempting to ford the north fork
of the Feather River last Friday evening,
was swept from the back of his horse and
was drowned in the river in sight of a lady
companion, who looked on powerless to
aid him.
Rugg had been showing some visitors
ardind the mines and had been leading
their horses along the steep mountain
trails. Wishing to cross from Cleighton
to Cox's bar and thinking to make a short
cut by fording the stream instead of going
around by the trail, he had proposed to
the ladies to cross the river on horseback.
First, however, to make sure that there
was no danger, he volunteered to ride
across and then assist the ladies over.
Rugg rode boldly into the stream at the
point where he supposed the ford was, but
the borsd stepped into deep water and
commenced to plunge, shaking his rider
into tbe pool, which was at least twenty
feet deep. Uujrg struck out for the shore,
however, and was within ten feet of the
bank, when he was seen to throw up his
hands and then sink from sight. It is
supposed that he was seized with a cramp
and could swim no further.
The body of the drowned man was re
covered early Saturday afternoon. A
rough box was made, and about 3 o'clock
the dead man's father-in-law, J. H.
Thomas, and his brother, \V. B. Rung,
started with the body to drive to Oroville,
eighty miles away. They arrived there
about 8 o'clock Sunday morning.
Over two hundred people in Oroville,
where the young man was well known,
escorted the remains to the railroad
station. The body was forwarded to Fruii
vale, where the father-in-law of the dead
man lives.
The funeral services will be held at the
Amos I*. Rngg, Who Was Drowned While Attempting to Ford the North Fork of
the Feather River.
Brooklyn Presbyterian I Jhurch, East Oak
land, to-day at 3:30 p.m. The interment
will take place at Mountain View Ceme
tery, where the Golden Gate (Masonic
Lodge, of which the deceased was a mem
ber, and the Brooklyn Lodge of Masons
will perform the last rites to the memory
of the dead.
Amos U. Rucg was born in Compton
County, Canada. January 22, 1865, and was
raised on a larm. He graauaied with
honors from the Quebec Military College
at the age of 18. In ISB7 he came to Cali
fornia and engaged in the real estate busi
ness. In 1890 he married Miss Louise V.
Thomas of Fruitvale. His wife and two
children, a boy of 4 years and an infant
daughter, survive him.
His principal efforts for the past few
years have been in and around the great
hydraulic fields of Laporte. Plumas
County, where, with his fath«i-in-law, J.
H. Thomas, he has mined successfully.
Lately he has been working the well
known rich bars on the north fork of the
Feather Riv< r in Plumas Comity.
Mr. Rugg took a promiuent part in the
organization of the Gold Bar Consolidated
Mining Company of this City.
RACING AT MONTEREY.
Society Will Witness the Different
Pony and Steeplechase
Kvents.
Down away from tbe rabble, the per
sistent and persuasive tout and the wily
boofcmtker with his hundred and one ways
of beating a favorite, Monterey will be
tbe scene next week of horse racing pat
ronized exclusively by the members of
swelldom. On August 26 and 29 the Pa
cit^r Coast Pony and Steeplechase Racing
Association will hold its third annual
meet on the association's magnificent and
perfectly appointed course.
The programme for the two days' racing
was issued yesterday, and with some five
to six events down for decision each day,
some grand sport is in store for
society. Last year the meeting was a most
pronounced success and tbe Paris mutual
boxes afforded the speculatively inclined
ample opportunity to get rid of their loose
change. On that occasion the crimson
with gold maltese cross colors of Walter
Hobart were very popular and no doubt
at the coming meet will be seen well to
the fore in the different events.
J. Talbot Clifton, he of the many ex
ploits, owner of racehorses and the coach
Meteor, was also a conspicuous figure at
the races last year and no doubt his pres
ence will be greatly missed — especially by
those looking for match races.
Entries will close on August 15 with
Malar J. L. Rath bone, president of the as
sociation, room 12, Mills building, a fee of
$5 to accompany each.
FIRST DAY.
First race, one-quarter mile; purse $100,
second to receive $25. or qualified polo po
nies, not to exceed 1-1 hands 2 Inches; top
weight 170 pounds, 2 pounds allowed lor each
half inch under 14 hands 2 niches; gentlemen
riders.
Second race, Mx furlongs; purse $150. sec
ond to receive $25. For ail ages; weight 20
pounds above weight forage; maidens allowed
10 pounds.
Tnird race, live furlongs; purse $100, second
to receive *-.">. For ponies not exceeding 14
lnuuis 2 incnes; topweight 170 pounds; 4
pounds allowed lor each naif-inch under 14
hands - inches; maidens allowed 10 pounds;
gentlemen riders.
Fourth race, one mile; purse $150, second to
receive $25. For ail ages; weight 30 pounds,
above weight lor age; non-winners in 161)6 al
lowed 10 pounds; maidens allowed 20 pounds.
Fifth race, two-mile steeplechase; purse
$150, second to receive $25. Three-year-olds
to carry 145 pounds; four-year-olds ' 155
pounds; five-year-olds 165 pounds; six years
and over 170 pounds.
noon day.
First race, half-mile handicap; purse $100,
second to receive $25; qualified polo ponies,
not to exceed 14 hands 2 inches; top weight
not to exceed 170 pounds; gentlemen riders.
• Second race, one mile and a sixteenth handi
cap; purse $125, second to receive $25; ioi all
ages; top weight not to exceed 100 pounds.
Third race, one mile handicap: Del Monte
j cup. second to receive 30 per cent of entrance
I money ; for ponies not exceeding 14 hands 2
1 inches; two pounds allowed tor each quarter
inch under 14 bands 2 inches; toi> weight not
i to exceed 170 pounds; gentlemen riders.
Fourth race, two-mile steeplechase, handi
j cap; purse $200; second to receive $50; top
] weight not to exceed 170 pounds.
Fifth race, one mile on the tint, purse $50;
; for horses and ponies owned and ridden by
i residents of Monterey County; catch weights.
Sixth race, ono mile and & half steeplechase,
handicap; open to all; pur 1.0 5125; second to
receive (25; for Galloways, 15 hands and
under; top weight 180 pounds; 4 pounds al
i lowed for each J. s inch.
Among the professional horsemen
matter.-* are very quiet, the majority of
those in town contenting themselves with
trying to beat the t»ausalito poolrooms.
From all accounts, the California contin
gent that departed some weeks ago for
Montana, are not living on turkey and
cream puffs and opening "small bots.'
Mite Hennessy, the jockey, arrived from
that section of the country yesterday, and
he stales that all the "bustiers" are wait
ing for the snow to fly in order to enable
them to return to California on snow
shoes, and that the owners from here will
soon be feeding their horses on a diet of
smelter snioke.
As to who will secure the betting privi
leges at the coming State Fair meeting is
also a general topic of conversation among
horsemen. Mucu opposition is heard on
all sides against Bookmaker George Rose,
who was the Miccessful bidder last year.
Humphrey and Harlan are mentioned as
his most formidable competitors at the
coming meeting. If either of these pen
cilers are any more liberal in their prices
than Rose they have, afier several seasons
on the block, failed to demonstrate the
fact.
Pctaluraa will hold its annual fair, be
ginning August 3, and as several running
events are down on the card a large local
following will attend tbe fair.
THE TWENTY-NINTH CLUB.
A Growinar Organization of Repub-
Means in This City.
At the executive session of the Twenty
| nrntu District McKinley Clnb, which was
; held at 733 Howard street, tbe following
j resolution was adopted :
! Resolved, That the executive committee of
the Twenty-ninth District McKinley Club ex
tend to the San Francisco Daily Call our
hearty tnauts for the stand this honorable
paper has taken in beiialf of our causa and of
j our chosen candidates for the highest positions
I of trust and honor to our Government, vix.,
: McKitil«y and Hobart: also to our National
| delegate, John D. Spreckelc.
On motion of Jack Mc-Namara, William
! Doran, J. Galvin and Frank McManus
were appointed a committee to secure a
hall for a mass-meeting, and that the said
committee make a report on Thursday
evening.
Fifteen of the vice-presidents presented
their rolls with 160 new members. The
club has now a memoership of 301.
On information from the secretary rela
tive to some prominent Republicans and
able speakers desiring to address the meet
ing, a motion was passed to appoint a
committee of rive to confer with these gen
tlemen, and also to encage music for tbe
occasion. The following committee was
appointed: Frank McManus, W. P. Doran
J. Qalvin, J. E. Riordar. and Frank Martin.
Great enthusiasm was manifested in tbe
meeting, ana the club has every prospect
of becoming one of the banner clubs ol the
State.
Loans on watches. Jewelry, silverware, at Uncle
Harris', 16 Grant avenue. \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 28, 18»6.
NO CARNIVAL
FOR THIS YEAR.
The Committee Yields to
a General Wish of
Merchants.
POSTPONED TILL SPRING
Longer Time for Preparation Con
sidered Advisable to Insure
a Big Show.
NEAT DESIGNS FOR FOSTERS.
Opinions of Prominent Citizens on the
Va'ue of Holding a Grand
Affair in 1897
San Francisco will not have a carnival
this year. This was determined upon at
a meetinc of the executive committee of
the Carnival of the Golden Gate, after a
Posters That Were Submitted for the Carnival That Has Been Postponed.
long discussion of the feeling of the mer
chants who have been interviewed upon
the subject.
The idea has not been abandoned, how
ever. In April, 1897. the carnival reason
will be opened throughout the State by a
demonstration in this City, while the
aaded months of preparation will allow
the committee to arrange the details with
greater magnificence than has heretofore
been projected.
Weather Observer Hammon was before
the committee yesterday and presented
statistics about the weather. He was at
tentively listened to by the committee.
November, immediately following the
election, and February, preceding the in
auguration, were suggested as good months
in which to hold it. But Mr. Hammou's
figures were against both months, on ac
count of the rainfall record.
Carnival Director Friedlander was one
of the strongest advocates of postpone
ment. In company with several members
of the committee he has been canvassing
mercantile establishments, and nearly all
kXpresMd an opinion against the fall. He
cited the ca.»e of the Palace Hotel, which
woul I contribute $500 tor a fall celebration
and $1500 if it came off in the spring.
A letter from James D. Phelau was read
at this juncture. He strongly favored the '
carnival rroject as a means of bringing
people to San Francisco. "I am also of
the opinion," said he, "that the time b
too short in which to prepare a carnival
worthy of the City and State. I have con- j
suited with artists and business men. The !
business men say they do not want it this '.
year because everything is bo unsettled. !
Artists say that the decorations woold !
require many more months than you have )
at your disposal."
Henry J. Crocker also advocated post
ponement, but suggested that the uresent
organization be merged into a carnival
club to carry out the i iea.
AY. H. Mills advocated postponement,
saving, "For years the interior has monpo
lized that form of entertainment which
has become a feature of California life, it I
is the duty of the people of B*n Francisco
to get up such ai affair that we may point
the way, and let others loiiow. I trill agree
to pay my pro rata to meet expenses to !
keep the affair before the public.
The months of July and August, Feb
ruary and March were mentioned, when
the smallest number of people are usually
in the City. ISy a unanimous vote it was
decided to eelect April, and fix the date at
least ten days in advance of any carnival
in the State.
The headquarters in the Mills building j
will be retained, and the work of can
vassing continued. General Warfield is !
trying to induce a young, active business
man to take hold of the chairmanship of
the finance committee in place of R. B.
Soule, who has resigned. The party has
given a partial promise of accepting.
\V. H. Mills suggested that the support
of tue California press be enlisted in the
cause of the carnival. He was selected to
bring the matter before the papers.
Mr. Mills, who is arranging the whale
catching excursion, was before the com
mittee and offered to give toe proceeds of
the whale when caught to the carnival
I fund. His offer was accepted.
Carnival Director Fried lander, Oscar
Boldemann and R. H. Kavanaugh were
appointed to receive the designs for
; posters and bids for the souvenir pro
i gramme at headquarters yesterday. Quite
| a number were submitted, but no de
cision will be arrived at until the meeting
of the executive committee next Monday.
REPUBLICAN LITERATURE
It Will Follow the Lines of
Finance and Protection
and Soon Be Out.
The State Committees Are at Work
and the State Headquarters
Are Fall of Life.
Republican campaign literature is just
now engrossing the attention of the Re
publican State Executive Committee, and |
within a few days the campaign docu
ments which axe to be scattered widely
among the voters of the State will begin to
co forth by thousands from the headquar
ters in the Palace Hotel.
The liteiary committee of the State Ex
ecutive Committee, of which Allen B.
Lemmon of Santa Kosa is chairman, has
engaged A. J. Pillsbury, editor of the
Tulare Ke.ister, to compile tne literature i
of tbe campaign, under tbe general direc-
tioh of the committee. Mr. Pillsbury, who
will serve as clerk of the committee
throughout the campaign, is a bright and
clever writer and a man deeply versed in
political history and economic science.
The members of the literary committees
who are present in this City met yesterday
with several members of the Republican
League of Editors to further outlive the
preparation of campaign literature. A. B.
Lemmon presided at the informal confer
ence, and amonc the others present were
T. G. Daniels, editor of the Alarueda Ar
gus and president of the State League of
Republican Editors, G. M. Francis of the
Napa Register and A. J. Pillsbury.
The Republican campaign literature
to be issued will be prepared mainly along
two lines. It will present the doctine of
bimetallism from a Republican stand
point, showing the true stand of the
Republican party, which is not a gold
party, but one which favors the largest
possible use of gold and silver which can
be brought about by obedience to sound
economic laws.
Along another line the campaign litera
ture to be put forth will present the value
of protection to the country and its es
pecial value to California. This State has
many industries wnich depend mainly on
a protective tariff for their success and
prosperity, and the lines upon which pro
tection is especially desirable to California
will be clearly and forcibly set forth.
Chairman McLaugulin", Secretary Hig
cins and the other members of the com
mittee who are especially active just now
are still piving much attention to urging
registration throughout the State before
registration closes. The Republican press
of the State and the various* county com
mittees have done much toward urging
registration during the brief and curly
period in which it goes on under the new
Jaw.
The State headquarters in the Palace
Hotel are daily visited by the leading Re
publicans of the State as they happen to
drop into town. Hon. John A. Barham,
who has a practical certainty of re-electiou
in the First District, was one of the callers
yesterday. He has not yet fairly begun
his canvas, but the especial cry for protec
tion which poes up from the wool, lumber,
fruit, wine and other industries of . that
part of the State, added to Barham's record
and to his personal popularity, make his
election one of the few certainties of this
campaign.
Senator George 0. Perkins was one of
those w o dropped in at headquarters yes- i
terday. F. M. Swasey of Redding, chair- I
man of the County Committee; F. A.
Wickersham of Petaluma, chairman of
the County Committee of Sonoma County,
and O. Perrin, chairman of the San Joa
quin County Committee, were among the
caller? who met Chairman McLaughlin
and other leading Republicans, made en
couraging reports and held consultations.
J. B. Fuller of Marysville was another
prominent party man from the interior
who called. .
A. B. Lemmon, editor of the Santa Rosa
Republican, will be one of the mainstays
of the campaign and his trips to this City
will be frequent.
"Registration is being pushed very rap
idly in Sonoma County," said Mr. Lem
mo'n, "but it will not be a full registration
unless still more work is done within the
next two weeks. It is hard to get people
to understand that they must register so
much earlier than usual. We have about
9000 votes in Sonoma County, and about
two-thirds of them are registered. I do
not expect quite as large a registration as
usual, but among those who do not register
in time one party will lose as much as an
other.
"As to the political question in Sonoma
County, my observation is that there is
decidedly more disaffection among the
Democrats than among the - Republicans
on the issues of the day and that the
prospects of our party are very bright.
We have no doubt of the result in our
county. lam confident that Barham will
win his fight in the district. He will poll
the full Republican vote and he will get a
iar^e Democratic vote on account of the
issue of protection and on account of his
consistent course in Congress."
-i . ' » — — '.. .
HAPPY REPUBLICANS.
Proceedings of. the Thirty-First
Assembly District Club.
A large and enthusiastic gathering of
the Republicans of the lower end of the
Thirty-first Assembly District was held at
Sullivans Hall, 1114 Bryant street, last
evening, the occasion being the organiza
tion of the Imperial Republican Club..
The following officers were elected : Presi
dent, James J. Graham; first vice-presi
dent, D. E. Sullivan; second vice-presi
dent, Autrust Planz; recording secretary,
Edward Diuinine; treasurer, John Collins;
marshal, John Reilly.
The ahair appointed the following exec
utive committee: Charles Knownberg, Ed
ward Tucker and W. B. Hopkins.
After the election of officers John W.
| Koch delivered a speech on "Protection to
! American. Industries and Labor," and
! predicted success ; for the . Republican
\ standard-bearers at the coming election. ,
D. E. Sullivan will furnish; handsome
uniforms for the ' club members for the
1 comin<! campaign.
Over 150 members signed the roll. The
I club unanimously indorsed Henry S.
: Martin for the office of Sheriff of the City
j and County of San Francisco and then
I adjourned with three cheers for McKinley,
j protection and John D. Spreckels. :
»
FOR REPUBLICAN TICKET.
Union League Club Members Sum
moned to Form Another Club.
The following letter-form was sent out
yesterday to each of the members of the
Union League Club resident in this City:
Bak Francisco. July 27. 1896.
Dear Si-: You are earnestly urged to be pres
ent iv tbe assembly room of the Union League
Club. Palace Hotel. Wednesday evening. July
29. at 8 o'clock, to aid in the formation of a
Central Republican Club, whose main purpose
will be to extend aid to the National Republi
can ticket.
We le.ieve that a clnb organized and con
ducted on broad linen will be of material help
to the party, and will be of especial assistance
to other organizations In the campaign for
patriotism, protection and prosperity. Yours
respectfully, the committee.
George stone, Chairman.
The committee is composed of T. C.
Mastellar, H. C. Dibble, T. H. Rush and
Tirey L. Ford.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
TO BE CHARGED
CRIMINALLY NOW
Proceedings Against C. 0.
Swanberg and H. W.
Westphal.
A MISSING TREASURE.
Alleged to Eave Appropriated
$60,000 of the Estate of
Louis Corriveau.
NOW SWANBEHG HAS FLED.
Westphal's Attorney Declares It Is
a Case of Blackmail That
Failed.
Criminal proceedings were begun yester
day and civil proceedings will be begun
this morning against Henry W. Westphal
and Charles O. Swanberg, in the matter of
the estate of Louis Corriveau, which, to
the amount of 160,000, the parties named
are alleged to have appropriated to them
selves.
The matter was brought before the
Grand Jury yesterday, but as it was found
impossible to go into the evidence suf
ficiently action was deferred until next
week.
Inasmuch as Swanberg has been miss
ing for a week past and is presumed to be
putting distance every hour between him
self end the City Hall, a criminal informa
tion was lodged charging him, as stated,
with the unlawful appropriation of the
money belonging to the Corriveau estate.
Under this Captain Lees immediately
began to heat the wires in his effort to dis
cover the whereabouts of the missing
Swanberg.
Henry W. Westpbal will be arrested to
day, no doubt. "At any rate," said At
torney Crittenden Thornton, in speaking
of me matter last evening, "be will not
getaway. One of them hassene; we do
not know where. Perhaps he has gone to
China.
"If he has not, if he is still in this coun
try, I think it likely we shall overtake
him. But the other one will not get away.
I am given to understand that he is mak
ing preparations to leave. If so he might
as well unpack his trunks, for he will not
get further than the Oakland ferry. I
have arranged for that.
"No, I can't go into details in the matter
now — all the facts will come out in due
time in court. I may say that Swanberg
and Westpba! are not alone in the matter.
There will be many ramifications in the
matter, and many persons, some of them
occupying more or less exalted positions,
will be implicated. We have been work
ing on this business for three weeks.
Swanberg seems to have learned what we
were doing and departed.
"They say that he is coming back— that
he is merely making one ot his occasional
trips to Sweden. My notion is that it
would be very unwise for Mr. Swanberg to
return voluntarily. But his partner will
not get away."
Mr. Thornton stated that he was acting
in t./e matter as attorney for the Public
Administrator and for the estate. With
regard to the proceedings in the matter of
the Corriveau estate before Judge Coffey a
few weeks ago, in which proceedings both
Edna Dean, the alleged widow of Corri
veau and Westpahl testified and which
proceedings were dismissed, Mr. Thornton
said, "We secured the object we intended
in those proceedings."
Harry W- Westpbal was seen last even
ing and the intelligence imparted to him
that criminal proceedings were being in
stituted against him in the Corrivean mat
ter. He seemed very mnch surprised.
"They are carrying this thing a long
way, be said. "Well, let them. I am
not running away. lam with my family
getting ready to go over to Mill Valley for
a few weeks, but I am not avoiding any
body.
"I have done no wrong and hare no
need or intention of going away. Neither
has Swanberg. He is on bis way to
Sweden, but fully expects to return so
soon as he is through with his business
there. This Corriveau matter was before
Judge Coffey a few weeks ago, and was
dismissed summarily, there being nothing
developed on which'to proceed against me.
"My relations with Corriveau can be
briefly told. There was notning to con
ceal about them. He got into some trouble
and wanted to be secured neainst a life
insurance claim. He engaged an attorney
to look after the matter, and placed some
securities to the amount of $1800 in my
care, to meet any obligations that might
arise. No draft was made upon me in the
matter.
"Corriveau returned, but soon after
died, while I still held the securities.
Edna Dean, who claimed to be his widow,
demanded the securities of me. but I
turned them over to the Public Adminis
trator. She has been after me ever since
and has tried to blackmail me and is still
trying. But 1 will not be blackmailed.
That is all there is to it.
•'I never had any property of Corriveau's
in my possession but this $1800 and that,
as I say, I turned over to the Public Ad
ministrator.
"This whole thine is an outrage and a
shame. They seem to arrange to bring
these things up when Swanberg is away.
They charged him with running away in
the "Pacific Bank matter. I called "him
back by telegraph, ereatly to his annoy
ance and expense. I will not do it again."
Mr. Dorn, Mr. Westphal's attorney, who
is sick in bed at the St. Nicholas, Mid
briefly Jast night: "There is substantially
nothing to this affair at all except an at
tempt at blackmail. Mr. Wesiphai's only
offense is that he had dealings with a
man who is dead. I knew Corriveau per
sonally.
"He i. ad had an experience with a broken
banK anu had refused to intrust his money
to another. He put some of it in the Safe
Deposit vaults and sent much more of it
to Canada. When this money referred. to
here was returned to him a check was
offered.
"He refused it— he would have no checks.
He insistea on money and money was
given him. It was for the satisfaction of
a mortgage. No leceipt was taken. It is
not the custom in such cases. I know
that there ia nothing more in this case
than an attempt at blackmail that failed. "
The facts connected with the Corriveau
estate have been made public from time
to time. Corriveau was supposed to be
quite wealthy at the time of His death, in
March, 1895." Edna Dean claimed to be
hia widow. Corriveau owned a buildina
on Geary street, between Stockton and
Grant avenue, at one time. This property
he sold for $60,000, and of this amount he
deposited $20,000 in the People's Bank.
■When tnat bank suspended payment Cor
riveau went to tda paying-teller's desk,
and at tiie point of me pistol collected
the $20,000 standing there to his credit.
Alter he died Edna Dean tiled an appli
cation for letters of administration, which
was denied, a will being found which
named Catherine Corriveau as His wife,
and made no mention of any other wife.
It appeared that Corriveau had a daughter,
Arraine Boutin, who lives at St. Anselnt.
Lower Canada. Public Administrator
Freese in course of time took charge of
the estate, and citations weie issued •
against Swanberg and Westphal. They '
were accused of making away with the ■
money of the dead man, which is not to ;
be tound, but no information was gained
concerning what had become of the
money, the accusation being met with a
denial.
To« daughter, Armine Boutin, em- i
ployed counsel to hunt for traces of the ;
money. C. O. Swanbere is supposed to '
have left the country. Edna Dean openly
declared at the lime of Corriveau's death
that Westphal and Swanberg were given
custody of Corriveau's $60,000 by him,
that he might escape an insurance claim
of $1600. She employed E. H. Wakeman
as her attorney, who asserted that while
not $1 could be found, Corriveau had died
worth from $75,000 to $125,000.
A Whist Club Reception^
Henry Payotof the firm of Payot, Upham &
Co. is the founder of the San Francisco Whist
Club. He has just returned from Europe and
last night a reception was tendered to him
aud his wife.
The rooms of the club, at 326 Post street,
were tastefully decorated with evergreens and
flowers. There was a big gathering of ladies
and gentlemen. Af;er the customary hand
shaking came a game of whist and asocial !
supper. It was a pleasant evening of cards, '
music and conversation.
A Boom iv New Companies.
There is a boom in new companies going
on in England. During June the average
was four companies lioated every day.
The capital called for during the first half
of l*m was $406,000,000. Sixty-tive mil
lions were for foreign Government loans,
fifty-live millions for cycling companies,
forty-five for breweries, sixty ior railroads
and forty-seven for mining companies.
Last year the capital applied for during
the same period was ?260,000,000; in 1894
it was $155,000,000, and in 1893 only
$130,000,000.
It is said that the health of the brunette
type of eye is as a rule superior to that of
a blond type. Black eyes indicate good
powers of physical endurance. Dark Dlue
eyes are most common in persons of deli
cate, refined or effeminate natures, and
generally show weak health.
HEW TO-DAY.
TUESDAY, July 28, 1896.
Pretty
Lawn
Aprons, dainty things
they are, 25c to-day.
What do you think of this
one-day-sale idea ? You read
yesterday's and Sunday's
talk, didn't you ? And you'll
read to-morrow's too ? Every
day a little chat— not tire-
some. Look for it here —
; this — every day.
For TO-DAY (Tuesday) ONLY. .
White Lawn Aprons, 4-inch hem and4-irrh Km-
broidery Inserting, at 25c. .
By mill. 29c prepaid. Stamps taken.
To-morrow 50c
Laces for to-morrow.
Kohlberg, Strauss & Frohman,
107-109 Post, nr. Kearny.
1320-1224 Market at.
tobaccos i S c a ™u°Jt*J r M*y 43H?i a
[ BlackwelFs "^
VSmo Wnj* Fobacco V
%Sgh&^-*&^ r^^*^ ou will find one coupon inside -ggpjj»|fe IV
■( A * *m I brat ed tobacco and read the H& V G
affsr~' -7®| ■coupon— which gives a list ■It /V» I
BSBBiO^HHHMi^^HHHnßßSß^tarißHll^ssMtc^siM(A9ia'*^@Sc^' * ' "
Is the light that will brine a great big
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
Bee how strong and vigorous your now
weak body can be made. Hndyan is for
man. The great Hud van is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute.' It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. Yea can get it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator Is the
most wonderful discovery of the age. It
has been indorsed by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN 13 purely vegetable. -
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharge in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall- .
ing sensations, nervous switchings of the
eyes and other part?. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It 19
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
: Prematureness means imootency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
T'aINTKD BLOOD— Impure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of sorj-
producing germs. Tuen come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, ulcers In mouth, old sores and
failing hair. You can save a trip to Hoi Springs
by wrltlug for ".Blood Book" to the old physicians
01 HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, >l:irkft and Kills Sta.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE C(L
I ' STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
I Around
the Corner
of the Fence
■ ' ■ ■ ■ .
• We are carrying on this Blockade Sale because
we want you to know that we are still in the same
place, where for years the Philadelphia Shoe Com-
pany has been renowned for its fair dealing and
phenomenal prices. \
1 ~~~ $1.00.
SCHOOL _^
I HOES, $1.00.
SCHOOL
RUSSET, jj VX. y/
NEAT FITTERS. SOLID WKARERS.
Child's Sizes, 8 to 101* »1.00
Misse,' Sizes, 11 to 2 »1.25
1 _ > m
These prices that we otter you are simply unpar-
alleled. Our purpose in making such redactions
Is simply to attract your attention and your trade.
We don't look lor profit oa such prices.
. $2.00. ~~
_-— —^ . Ladies' Kid or Cloth Too
W- JH» ft IB A Lace or Button Shoes, with
V 8 - lE} razor toes and patent-
ly '» i^ 1 leather tins, finest Viet
Jp Sj»_ \kj Kid Vamps, pliable soles.
if! w7 -K 6^ llo6^ to
; Remember, these are not broken lots or odd sizes
or clearance offers— just the very latest, reives t
and most fashionable Shoes at these Blockade
I Prices.
I - ■ ~~~~"~* - --?"■;..--
MS" Country orders solicited.
#3" Send for New Illustrated Catalogs
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street. San Francisco.
&MRNYSI
IB THE VERY BEST.OXETt) EXAMWiI
J- your eyes and at teem to Spectacles and Ej»-
ftluaes wlu» instruia»n» of bis owa invnaaou.
wfcoeeiuperioruy fcas not been «auai*d. Ms *±t-
M»*has been due to tie menu « my w«*T
Vtkct) Hours— Vi 10 * it •
_ IRON BED*,
i U~f- ". mm brass beds;
r V FOLDING BEDS 1
Wire and Hair M*;-
tresses, Kecllnln:
Htii... Chairs. Wheel Chain
T " Commodes, Back Kej.i
11 V ftntfnf W ' •*" SCHROCK,
i' «■■■ — - liliiw New Montgomery
I V -■"«- 1.. - J: St., under Uraal
| *^ . Hotel, S. h\SAVAGE ATTACK
OF A RABID FOX.
Anglers Who Encountered
a Very Unexpected
Surprise.
A GUEST AT LUNCHEON.
Reynard Dashed From Under a
Tree and Leaped Upon One
of the Party.
J. C. PELTIER'S NARROW ESCAPE
The Enraged Animal Fastened Its
Teeth in the Angler's Coat and
Held On Until Dispatched.
"Was I frightened? Well, I should
think I was, and who wouldn't be under
the circumstances." said Mr. Peltier, after
relating a strange experience Le had while
While Seated on a Tree Stump Just Before Having Lunch on Calaveras
Cr^ek a Fox Jumped on Mr. Peltier and Fastened Its Teeth Into the
Angler's Coat.
angling for trout last Sunday on Calaveras
Creek in Alameda County.
The pleasure party was composed of L.
H. Pock man, j. C. Peltier and Charles
Hiser, all of whom are passionately fond
of angltne.
Sunday morning, bright and early, the
three disciples of Walton tramped over
several miles of to reach a favor
ite fishing-ground near the headwaters of
Calaveras Creek, a stream which gives
good fishing during some months of the
year.
At noontime, when the inner man re
belled against the forgetfulness of the an
glers, who were oblivious of everything
excepting trout, Mr. Pockman suggested
that a rest and a little luncheon would
materially aid all concerned in the angle
in making better time on the home jour
ney. Pehier and Riser readily acquiesced
and an old tree nump was selected as the
nio-t suitable place upon which the lunch
could be sp:ead.
After the napkins had been neatly spead
over the dead redwood the gentlemen eat
smilingly down to the mess, and just as
they commenced to sample some pre
serves, which Mr. Riser had purchased
specially for the occasion, out sprang a
gray fox from under the log. and singling
out Peltier, he leaped at the angler's neck.
The animal fell slightly short of the in
tended mark, but fastened its teeth firmly
in the lapei of Peltier's hunting-coat.
The angler vainly tried to shake rey
nard off. Pockman grabbed the fox by
the tail, while Riser, in his excitement,
upset the disnes on which the pies were
placed and everything was confusion.
''Pull him off! Pull him off!" shouted
Peltier, while the perspiration rolled from
his forehead.
Pockroan in the meantime was strain
ing every nerve in the vain endeavor to
break the hold the fox bad taken of his
companion's hunting coat.
Riser was completely tangled up. He
had lost his equilibrium for the time being
and was runnine around the tree stump in
the hope of finding a cannon or some big
implement of torture with which he could
dispatch the unexpected and unwelcome
visitor.
Pockman finally grew tired of pulling at
the tail ot reynard, and lell upon the
ground exhausted. A lucky thought for
tunately flashed through his mind. He
remembered that in the bottom of his fish
basket wai what midwinter anglers term
a "roeknife." an implement which some
lishermen use for "dissecting" salmon roe.
The knife was used to good advantace
on the wild animal, which, however, held
a firm grip on the aneler'i coat until dis
patched.
Tne fox was packed by the fishermen to
a farmhouse which thay had made their
headonarters, and yesterday the carcass
was snjpped to this City. Mr. Peltier in
tends having the body of reynard
mounted, and with that object in view the
carcass was given to a taxidermist.
The anglers cannot understand why the
fox should have attacked them in «nch a
stranpe manner, but they learned yester
day that foxes and coyotes of this State
are frequently attacked with hydrophobia
airing the summer season, and in all
probability the animal which fastened its
teeth in Mr. Peltier's coat on Sunday last
was afflicted with the malady.
For Large Damages
William J. Burke has sued the Northwestern
Lumber Company, owners of tne tugboat
Traveler, lor $30,000 damages. Burke was
first mftte of the barkentlne North Bend on
February 21, 1896. at which time she waa at
Hncbor in Gray's Harbor, Washington.^ The
tug Traveler was engaged in moving the North
Bend from her anchorage in the roadstead
to the harbor, when a cable snapped and
the end of it hit iiurke on the right leg.
breaking it aoove the knee. The limb is now
three inches shorter than its mate.
Bnrke claims the accident waa due to the
negligent manner In which the towboat was
handled, and therefore sues for damages.
IMPROVING ALT A SQUARE.
The City'a Park in the Northwestern
Section Being Made Attractive.
Alta Square, between Jackson, Clay,
Steiner and Scott streets, is being very
much improved, and is being converted
into a site that is attractive to the eye and
an ornament to the northwestern part of
the City.
A new sidewalk ha? been' laid along the
Clay-street front, a new wall has been
built on that side, the slopes are being
graded, and some of tbem have been sown
with Kentucky grass, which has sprouted,
Riving the north side of the square the
appearance of well-kept terraced lawns.
''One ana a half years ago," said James
Cronojjue, the foreman gardener, who
now has nine men under him, "this was a
desolate-lookine spot, covered with weeds,
but in time the slopes were graded and
covered with three coats of fertilizing
matter that 1 obtained without cost to the
City. I made arrangements with the Fire
Department house and the owners of
private staoles in the vicinity to have the
staDle refuse dumped on the square by the
scavengers hired to remove it. In this
way I have secured about seventy-nve
loads a week and then covered several «
the slopes, which were then sown with
crass that has come up and is very thrifty.
The other slopes will be graded and planted
with grass and made as beautiful as these
are now. Three hundred and fifty MoDte
rey cypresses have been set out on the
graded slopes and as many more will be
planted as soon as the other grades are
ready. By the aid of the men under me
KUttervrays at the base of each slope have
been laid"in cement to prevent damage by
the rains of vinter."
The people in the vicinity are proud o.
the work that has already been done on
tne square, from which a most beautiful
panoramic view of the City can be ob
tained.
PUNCHBOWL, OR WHAT?
Mrs. Perley's Magnificent Dona
tion to the Woman Suf
frage Cause.
Proceedings at Yesterday Morning's
Meeting of the Joint Campaign
Committee.
A large and enthusiastic crowd of ladies
attended yesterday morning's meeting of
the joint campaign committee of the
Woman Suffrage Association, held at the
Woman Suffrage Bureau in the Parrott
building. Among those present were:
Mrs. Ada Van Pelt, Mrs. Nellie Holbrook-
Blinn, Mrs. Hester A. Harland, Mrs. Sarah
B. Cooper, Mrs. Ella C. Sargent, Miss
Harriet Cooper, Mrs. Austin Sperry, Mrs.
Mary A. Swift, Mrs. Ida A. Harper, Miss
Mary G. Hay, Miss Elizabeth Sargent and
Mrs. Emma B. Sweet.
Mrs. Harper reported that since she had
issued her list of papers which bad come
out in favor of woman suffrage a large
number of journals whose names hao been
inadvertently omitted had written to her
complaining of the fact.
"Tne only thing I can do is to get up
another liet, said' Mrs. Harper, "and I'm
| afraid it will be ten times as lone as the
i first."
'•In the meantime," added Mrs. Swift,
"since so many papers have followed The
Call's example and come out for suffrage
; our beat course would be to give a vote of
thanks to them in a lump."
And it was so ordered, Thb Call and
! its suffragist contemporaries being cheered
to the echo.
A vote of thanks was also tendered the
; management of the Cuautauqua assembly
at Monterey, in acknowledgment of its
! kind court-sy to the saffragist speakers
i and delegates on the "woman's day."
Then Miss Hay, with all due impress
| iveness, unveiled the piece de resistance
i of the oay amid many "ohs" and "ahs" of
| admiration. It was a truly exquisite worit
!of ceramic art. Some would call it a
i punebbowl and cups, others a lemonatie
I set. But whatever it be, it was voted a
: beauty by acclamation. The bowl, hos
! pitably wide and deep withal, is hand-
I painted within nnd without in a graceful
i tangle of wild grapes, the van-colored
leaves glowing wi'.h rich, warm tints, sug
gestive of generous Southern vintages, and
half veiled by lace-like spider webs.
The brim and base of this miniature sea
ot liquid joy are girt about with wide
bands of lustrous gilding, elaborately en
grossed in a flowing design of lptrirate
scrollwork. As for the cups, one of their
best features is their s:ze, there being
notbine small about them. They have
flaring brims and dainty gilded handles,
bring decorated so as to harmonize with
the design on the bowl. The set is the do
nation of Mrs. Perley, whose handiwork it
is, and she may well be proud of it.
As the gift was presented in aid of the
cause, the question as to its most ad
vantageous disposal was discussed at «ome
length. It was at last decided that it
should be voted for, or rather that any
person willing to deposit 10 cents in the
contribution-box would have the right to
I cast a vote for the one to whom in his or
| her opinion the gorgeous punchbowl
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 28, 1896.
ought to go. Sad to relate, "repeating"
wili be not only permitted but encouraged,
each voter being allowed to vote as many
times as he can raise the fee. No dime, no
vote, is to be the rule, and as some will un
doubtedly cast a hundred or more votes
for one favorite candidate the amount
realized for the campaign fund promises to
be large. _
SUSPICIOUS FIRES.
Fire Marshal Tone Investigating Into
Causes of the Losses In a Millinery-
Store and Tannery. -•
Fire Marshal Towe is investigating into
the cause of two fires, which have been
reported to him as having occurred under
suspicious circumstances.
There was a fire in Adcock's millinery
store, 10 Kearny street, early Saturday
morning. Captain Comstock of the Fire
Patrol > found a pas jet burning against a
partition and another eas jet was at full
cock: The escaping gas coming in contact
with the light bad caused an explosion.
The Fire Marshal has summoned Mrs.
Adcock and others employed in the store
to appear before him to-day and make
sworn statements as to what they know or
do not know about the fire. The stocs was
insured for $7000.
The other fire was at Frank McAleer's j
tannery on Twenty-sixth and Hampshire |
streets Sunday night. The Fire Marshal
learned yesterday that McAleer had no
insurance, as the underwriters had with
drawn their policies last June when there
was a fire in the place. What the Fire
Marshal wants explained is McAleer's
alleged statement that the tire was the
result of spite work. • •
FARM FOR THE ORPHANS
Plan to Pay for the Site by
One Dollar Dona
tions.
Pitiful Story of Two Boys 9 and 10
Years of Age Who Had Never
Been Taught a Prayer-
There was a special meeting yesterday
afternoon in the parlors of the residence of
Mrs. Chester L. Smith, at 2613 Pacific
avenue, of ladies interested in the San
Francisco Presbyterian Orphanage and
farm located in San Rafael.
Mrs. P. D. Browne, the president, occu
pied the chair.
Rev. Mr. McDonald of the advisory
board gave an account of bis recent visit to
the home, declaring that it was one of the
most happy homes for children who are
left to the care of strangers that 5? had
ever seen, and he also spoke in high terms
of those in charge of it. He then spoke of
the site near San Anselmo which has been
selected for the future home and said : "I
have been all over the State of California
and have never, seen a more beautiful spot
or one better suited ior the purpose of es
tablishing a home such as it is intended to
build there."
Mrs. Browne said it had always been her
belief thai the country with the beautiful
surroundings of nature aud the influence
of Christian teachings was the best place
for the bringing up of children, and that
the place proposed to be secured is under
the shadow of the magnificent Theological
College, and that no better place for carry
ing out the purposes of the managers could
be found anywhere. The board, she said,
will not incur any obligations tintil the
land is paid for. Then it will erect a com
fortable building, and in time, a more sub
stantial one.
Miss Edgington, the matron of the
home, pave a brief report of the borne,
which now has seventy-four inmates— all
it can accommodate— forty of which are
under 5 years of age, twenty are between
that age and 12, and four are over 12. The
children are all healthy, have plenty of
plain food and are content. All of those
who are able to attend the public school
have made good records, a number having
at the close of the last term been honorably
promoted. She spoke of the lack of chairs
and oenches, and sheeting for the beds,
and stated that for the seventy-four
children there are bat sixty-nine bowls,
bat under the circumstances, those in
charge make cups supply the deficiency.
6he acknowledged the contribution of a
quantity of sugar from Mr. Spreckels, soap
from Robert Lucy, a bolt of muslin from
Hale Bro*., and a bundle of brooms from
Arraes & Daliam. The children, she said,
want to keep ciean, "but," she added, "it
requires a great deal of soap."
One of the ladies promised a further con
tribution of that useful article, and another
promised benches.
Mrs. Browne called attention to two
boys who had been received at the home
recently, saying that they had been res
cued from evil influence, ana Mrs. Evlging
ton added that they were ignorant of their
letters, haa never "been taught a prayer
and until last Sunday had never seen (he
inside of a church. The boys are aged 9
and 10. "It is pitiful," said Mrs. Browne,
"that such things can be in an enlightened
ace in a Christian country."
After Miss Edgington had taken her de
parture Mrs. Browne spoke of the young
lady's qualifications for the position she
nils and cited an instance to show her
self-denial and interest in the work. "Mrs.
Noble, tne treasurer, and I," she said,
"saw that Miss Edginttton contented her-
I self with the food that the children re
ceive and feeling that she ought to be al
lowed a few extras, for she receives but a
very small salary, so small that I do not
care to name it, we told her that she
would be given $5 a month more. She re
plied that she would not accept it because
the home needed it more than she did."
Mrs. Browne drew attention to an illus
trated article descriptive of the home,
wnich appeared in The Call a few weeks
ago, and said that from the, number of let
ters received it was evident that it had
been extensively read.
Tne president' then outlined the plan by
which it is proposed to raise money to pay
for the land selected, and that is to have
6000 persons in the State contribute $1
each, have as many as will contribute $10
each, and as many as can contribute $25
each; aud in addition it is proposed to
ask a contribution from every Sunday
school ch.ld.
The party from whom it is proposed to
purchase the farm will donate $200; others
tiave promised about $200, aud at the
meeting about $60 was piedged.
At the next meeting of the board the
subject will be further discussed, as the
first payment on tne land must be made
within thirty days after that meeting.
ROUGH ON CATS.
Sad Fate of a Furry Pet at the Hands
of Weatern Addition Boya.
Mrs. Christina Whitney of 1201 Webster
street has, or rather had, a cat by which
she set great store. On Sunday the petted
feline was reposing in a warm corner of
the porch when three boys named Claire,
Whelan and Dixon, accompanied by two
dogs of similar proclivities, compassed the
poor animal's death. When Mrs. Whit
ney complained, the boys told her they
intended to kill every cat in the vicinity
in the same manner. The lady has taken
out warrants for their arrest.
Insane From Drink
Mrs. Johanna Rodenburg, 110 Hyde street,
told Judge Joachimsen yesterday that she was
mortally afraid her husband, J. A. Kodenburg,
would kill her. He had been drinking of late,
and it had made him crazy. He bad while
drunk always threatened to kill her. Yester
day morning she was bo afraid he would
carry out his threats that she had to leave the
house. At the suggestion of the Judge she
■ wore to a complaint charging her husband
with insanity.
Loans on diamonds. Interest low. At Uncle
Harris'i 15 Grant avenue.
WAGNER SPRINGS
A BIG SURPRISE,
Sensation in the Meeting,
of the Board of Su
pervisors.
YEAELY ALLOWANCES.
A Committee of the Whole Will
Handle Them This
Time.
FINANCE COMMITTEE IGNORED
Money Left From Last Fiscal Year
Transferred to the Funds for
the Present Term.
The members of the Board of Super
visors were treated to a genuine sensation
yesterday when, at the close of the meet
ing alter sonis of the Supervisors had
gone. Supervisor Wagner offered a resolu
tion that will overturn one of the oldest
ana most sacred customs of the City
Fathers.
From time immemorial the matter of
fixing the appropriations for the various
I municipal departments has been in the
' hands of the Finance Committee, and the
findings of tbat body hare been accepted
by the board.
Mr. Wagner* resolution was ' to the
effect that the board should meet as a
committee of the whole on Wednesday
; morning next at 10 o'clock to discuss the
I appropriation matter. Of course this was
I a direct slap at the Finance Committee,
! which is composed of Supervisors Taylor,
i Hobbs and Benjamin, but it was carried
nevertheless, Mr. Benjamin, who was in
the chair, voting with the majority to take
the matter out of his own hands.
Just why Supervisor Wagner should
have-introduced such a measure seems to
be a mystery to those who opposed it.
j Supervisor Dimond, while not a member
of the Finance Committee, took up ihe
j cudgel for that Dody aud declared tnat it
; was an insult to take the matter out of
its bands. Mr. Hobbs voted with Mr.
I Dimond after expressing the same idea
j about the resolution.
The National Club sent in a petition to
be permitted to give a boxing entertain
ment between now and .November 1, no
j contest to exceed ten rounds. The matter
j was referred to the Health and Police
Committee.
The protest of the property-owners on
{ Minna street, oetween First and Second,
against the laying of artificial stone side
walks was rewarded by a six months' ex-
I tension of time.
A resolution was adopted transferring
j $150,000 from the funds of the fiscal year
UM-M to those of 1595-96 for the purpose
' oi paying a large number of demands
I that have been incurred during the past
| fiscal year.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Details of City Work Considered
Yesterday by the Super
visors. .
The following is a foil review of the
street improvements acted upon at yester
day's meeting of the Board of Supervisors:
BTRKET WORK ORDERID.
Octavla, Jackson to Broadway —stone sidewalks.
Octavja and Broadway crossing— Stone sidewalks.
Geary. Hucnauiin 10 We b»ter— Stone sidewalks.
(■eary. Laguna to Buchanan— sidewalks.
Eighteenth and Guerrero, southwest crossing—
Stone sidewalks.
Sacramento and Baker, southwest crossing—
Stone sidewalks.
Webster, butter to Post— Stone sidewalks.
Larkin and Greenwich, crossing— Bitumen.
Larkin, Greenwich to Lombard— Bitumen.
Lombard and Larkin, crossing— I'ltumen.
Larkin, Lombard to Chestnut — Bitumen and
sewer. . .
Sacramento and Laurel, crossing— Bitumen. .
Cole, Haight to Page— Bitumen.
Clayton, Oak to Page— Bitumen.
Sbrader. llalght to Page— Bitumen.
Howard, Sixth to seventh— Stone sidewalks.
Howard, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Stone side
walks.
Hayes, Lacuna to Buchanan— Stone sidewalks.
awards OF street WORK.
Fifteenth, Kansas to . Rhode Island—Grading,
John Kelso. '".'.. „'' • .
Clayton. Haight to Waller— Stone sidewalks,
Gray Brothers. „ '
Cole, Haight to Waller— sidewalks, same.
«.ole and Waller, crossing — Bitumen, J. J.
Dow ling.
Elgin Park avenue— Stone sidewalks, crosswalks,
R. 11. Wood*.
Fell, Buchanan to Webster— Stone ' sidewalks,
Gray Brothers.
BKBOLCTIOJJ OF INTENTION TO ORDER STREET
WORK.
Octavla, Eddy to Ellis-Basalt curbs.
Gough and Washington, southeast corner—
sidewalk, cesspool, etc. '
Goagh ai,d Washington, south half of crossing-
Bitumen.
Pine, Jones to Leav»nwonh— stone sidewalks. I
Twelfth avenue. Point Lotos avenue to A—
Twelve-Inch »ewer, etc.
Sheridan, Ninth to Tenth— sidewalks.
Laguna, Haight to Waller— bitumen. f
FILL ACCKPTANC»B.
Birch avenue, Buchanan to Laguna— Bitumen,
Thirteenth, Koe to Scott— Basalt.
Twenty-sixth, Capp to JllssUn— Bitumen.
CONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE. .
Albion avenue, Sixteenth to Seventeenth-
Bitumen.
Thirteenth. >'oe to Scott— Basalt.
Thirteenth and Sop, crossing— Basalt.
Thirteenth and Scoit. crossing— Basalt. ' .
ACCEPTANCE.
Bonrbin, Eddy to EUis— Bitumen. '
Capp, Twenty-flith to Twenty-sixth— Bitumen.
Bcutt, Thirtieth to Waller-Bitumen.
York, Twentieth to Twenty-first—
Capp and Twenty-fifth, crossing— Bitumen.
Scott and Waller, crossing— bitumen.
. Green and Leavenwonh, crossing— Bitumen.
Van Ness and Greenwich, crossing— Bitumen.
Van New and Lombard, crossing— Bitumen.
Van Ness and Chestnut, crossing— Bitumen.
Green and Franklin, crossing— Basalt.
Van Ness, Greenwich to Lombard— Bitnmen.
Van Ness, Lombard to Chestnut— Bitumen.
Ktelner, Pacific to Broadway— cobbles.
BUS REJECTED.
Nineteenth, Noo to Castro— Plank sidewalks.
Nineteenth, Noe to Sanchez, north side— Plank
sidewalks..
BIDS TO BE BEADVKXTISXD.
Laguna, Hermann to Waller— Paving, etc.
KELKASE FROM CONTRACT. '
Market and Church, crossing-Bitumen.
bvrvkyh. etc.. authorized.
Chapultepec, Coso to _ Virginia— Reporting sur
veys can be made (or (195.
• Fifteenth, Castro westerly— Surveys would coat
f 60. '
capltol avenue. Sagamore to Ocean arena*— Sur
veys would cost *488.
ASSFBSMKNT DISTRICT.
Polk, Greenwich to Lombard— Grading; City and
County Attorney to give bis opinion on establish
ing districts. "... ; :/ v .
OBDKB EXPUNGING BKPKAX.KD. •
Romaln, corbPtt to Lincoln— To be an open
street.
ASSESSMENTS CONFIBIfTO.
• Market, Noe to Castro— Bitumen.
Market and Noe, crossing— Bitumen. .
PBOTBST TO Bit HEARD ACOUST 3. . •
.Guerrero, Fourteenth ' to Fifteenth— Stone side
walks. - >■
B9(£jHH^V ASA EMM EN T IRRUED.
. Lake, First to Fifteenth aveaue— Sidewalk*.
Caliiornla, First to Fifteenth avenue— Bide walks.
-, » KXTJO'SIOX OF TIME OKAJTTED.
Casselll avenue, Danvers to Falcon avenue- !
Grade, etc., sixty days. . -.
- • CMselli and Falcon, crossing— Grade etc ■ sixty
uays. _•:■.■■ '■:-.. ... "...■'.
Chenery. Falrmount to Miguel— Sewer, etc., sixty
d&ys.t3tttf *
. Chenery, Mateo to Miguel— Sewer, etc., sixty
days. .. -." -•:-;■ ' *
Chenery, Mateo to Roanokn— Sewer, etc, sixty
Chenery and Mateo. crossing— Sewer etc sixtr
days. >3aMSS6>!pMKaff<lH&i4 ' •"..-• -
. Checery; . and j Koanoke, crossing— Sewer, «tc.
sixty day*. • ' '■•*•,
Uueoa Visa, Walter to Thirteenth-Sewer, etc.:
sixty days. - - . .-.. '; .'
-....■:.:...-■ '• " ■ ■'V
Chenery and Miguel; crossing— Sewer, etc,' forty II
days- ■
P South. Fourteenth to Fifteenth avenues South ■
—Grade, etc.. sixty days. ...■•. -*. IH
Kail road avenue. Second to ' Eighteenth avenue ■
South— Plank sidewalk; etc.; sixty days- ■
Chenery, Castro to Roanoke— Sixtv days. ■
M South, Twelfth to Fifteenth avenues South— H
Grading, ninety days. -. - :' . ■
M and Twelfth avenue Sou h-Nlnety days. «
NOTICES OF STREET WORK. jH
■Union, Franklin to Goujn— Bitumen.- ■
Hayes, Pierce to Scott— Basalt and stone side- ■
Hayes and Pierce— Basalt. Atone sidewalks. H
Scott,' Hayes to Fell— Bitumen sidewalks. ■
Kirn avenue, Polk to Franklin — .Stone side- ■
Franklin. Grove to Fulton— Stone sidewalks. I
Jtaizht, Webster to Fill more— Stone sidewalks. ■
Pacific avenue, south side, Franklin to Gough— ■
Stone sidewalks. ~ ■" ■• ■ ' H
. Pierce, Jackson to Pacific avenue— Stone side- ■
walks. iiTiHlllgyW WiKWirWiliHT^BßlTClTiniittl JllHlprt H
York, east side, Twentieth to Twenty-first— ■
Bitumen sidewalks. jH
■■ ESTABLISHING ORADB FINAI.T.Y PASSED. H
' Brady and Market— feet, . I
Brady and Stevenson— feet. <■
Brady and Col i0n— 38.50 feet. ■
Brady and West Mission— 26 feet. ■
Stevenson, 150:11 southwest, from Potter— 39 ■
Stevenson and Brady— 4o.2s feet. '.;" I
Stevenson and Crocker— 4l.7s feet, (■
Crocker and Colton — feet. - ■
Crocker and West Mission— 32.2s feet. ■
Clement and east line of Thirty-seventh avenue— ■
2981eet. ■
Clement and east line of Thirty-eighth avenue— ■
31 5 Mi ■
' Clement and Thirty-ninth avenue— 318 feet. ■
Clement and Fortieth avenue— 3l6 feet. H
Clement and Forty-first avenue— Ml4 feet. . ■
Clement and Forty-second avenue— Sl feet. H
Clement and Forty-third avenue — 306 feet.
Clement and Forty-fourth avenue— 2Bl feet.
Clement and Forty-fifth avenue— 269 f jet.
Clement and Forty-sixth avenue— 268 feet.
- Clement and Forty-seventh avenue— feet.
Clement and Forty-eighth avenue— 2o4 feet.
RECOMMKXDICD FOB full ACCEPTANCE.
Fifteenth, Noe to Sanchez— Bitumen.
Twenty-fifth, Mission to Capo— Bitumen.
enty-nf.h, Capp to Howard— Bitumen.
RKCOMMKXUKD PASSED TO RESOLUTION ORDER
ING.
Morrell place, Pacific to Broadway— Bitumen.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME RECOMMENDED.
Eighteenth avenue South, G to H South— 6o
days, macadam, etc
Eighteenth avenue South, Ito J South— 6o days,
macadam, etc
Eighteenth avenue and I South —60 days,
macadam, etc
Eighteenth avenue and J South— 60 days,
macadam, etc.
Eighteenth avenue and H South —60 days,
macadam, etc.
>t oti, rove to Fulton— 6o days, paving, etc
■ Scott, Hayes to Grove— days, paving, etc.
.Scott and Grove— 6o day*, paving, etc *
Bay, J ones to Leaven worth— 6o days, paving, etc.
Thirteenth, Folsom to Harrison— 6o days, pav
ing, etc. •--•■■■ > . ■
• Presidio Reservation— 6o days, sewer, etc.
" Broderick. Post to Geary— 6o days, pavlnjt, etc
Waller, Devisadero to BroderlCK— 6o days, stone ■
sidewalks. ■
Corbett, Clara to Caselti— 6o days, grading, etc ■
Corbett, Clara to Douglass— BO days, grading. ■
et&'^UMBHMBBQMB^MMSi ■
; STREET VTOBK RECOMMENDED. ■
Masonic. Fulton to Grove— Grading, redwood I
curbs, macadam. ■
Masonic, Grove to Hayes— Grading, etc. ■
Asnbury, Fulton to Grove— Grading, etc.
Ashbury, Grove to Hayes— Grading, etc
Clayton, Fulton to Grove— Grading, etc.
Clayton, Grove to Hayes— Grading, etc.
Grove and Masonic— Grading, etc.
Grove, Masonic to Ashbnry— Grading, etc
Grove and Ashbury — Grading, etc.
Grove, Ashburv to Clayton— Grading, etc
throve and Clayton— Grading, etc.
Grove. Clayton to Cole— Grading, etc.
Hampshire. Twenty-first to Twenty-second—
Bitumen, curbs. - • " • - .-•••■•..
Temple and .Serpentine place— lo-Inch sewer,
macadamizing, etc. . ■ •• - • ' . ■ •
Castro and Army— Grading, sewer, etc, plank
sidewalks, etc -
• Corbett place, Seventeenth to Corbetl avenue—
Grading, macadamizing, etc
Fifteenth avenue south and L South— Sewer,
corners, etc.
Fifteenth avenue South and N South— Grading,
etc - - '
1. First to Seventh avenues— Grading, plank \
sidewalks, etc / :-*«SB(r*^9*
Fulton, Baker to Lyon— Bitumen.
Golden Gate avenue, Devisaaero to Broderick— !
Stone sidewalks, curbs.
Kleiner, Uak to Pa«e— Stone sidewalks, curbs.
Pierce, Oak to Page, east, side— Stone sidewalks,
curb*. "
Broderi k, Eddy to O'Farrell— Stone sidewalks,
curbs.
Central avenue, Hayes to Grove— Stone side
walks, cuibs.
Central avenue and Grove — Stone s'dewalk.
Tenth avenue, H to I— Grade, macadam.
I 1 !. Tenth to Eleventh avenues— Grade, macadam.
Page, Webster to Flllraore— sidewalks,
curbs. ■'..-■-• I
Page, FlUmore to Stelner— Stone sidewalks, II
curbs. II
Page, Stelner to Pierce— Stone sidewalks, curbs. I
Page, ; Scott, to Devisadero— Stone sidewalks, I
curbs. .' 1
P«ge, Oevlsadero to Broderick— Stone sidewalks, I
curbs. 'I
. Page, - Broderick to Baker— Stone sidewalks, I
curbs. I
Page, Baker to Lyon— Stone sidewalks, curbs.
Page, Lyon to Central »venue— Stone sidewalks,
curbs.
KF-COJfMKN-DED BY CITY ESGISEER.
. Army, Cntro to Noe— lntermediate grade would
benefit property. ■ ■
Potrero clock No, 6— Submitting plat showing
encroachment on City property.
' Mission Creek and Channel street— Submitting a
plat.
Brazil avenue, Paris to Munich— Reporting
necessity of surveys, etc.. at a cost of $281.
Twenty-sixth. Harrison to Treat aye.— Surveys,
etc, can be made for 5«.
.. Russia. Paris to Moscow— Surveys, etc, can be
made for ?'.'O-.
PETITIONS BF.FF.H.RKD TO STREET COMMITTED.
Shrader, HaiKht to Page— Pacific Paving Com
pMiy to pave with bitumen.
Twenty-second and lowa— Potrero Land Im
provement company for plank culvert.
Mariposa, Pennsylvania to Indiana— Plank cul
vert.
Point Lobos and Central ayes.— Western Addition
Improvement Club for removal of fence.
Union and Taylor ' crossing— Joseph Erltton for
paving, etc.
nwortn. Chestnut to Bay— Peter J. Flnley
and others lor eroding.
Octavia, EdOy to Ellis— Property-owners, bi
tumen. - ■
Napa and Illinois— For permission to lay spur
tracks. • .
Chattanooga and Property-owners
to withdraw petition for change of grade.
Pierce, Golden Gate to Turk. .
Howard, seventeenth to Eighteenth— Flinn &
Treacy, release from contracts.
Harrison, second to Third— B. E. Tucker, that
property-owners be compelled to replant street.
Kuss, Howard to Foisom— I'roperty-owners, for
grading and paving.
seventh avenue, X to L— Jonn Tuttle. to grade.
Berna! Park— Property-owners, grading.
1 recita place, Folsom to Alaonma— Grading.
Davis, Pacific to Broadway— Plank sidewalks.
Twenty-second, Chattanooga ■ to Church— Stone
sidewalks.
Lynch, L«avenworth to Hyde— Property-owners
for removal or obstructions.
PETITION REFERRED .TO ' FIRE DEPARTMENT
COHXITTEK.
Chenery, south from Falrmount School—Falr
mount property-owners, for hydrants.
PKTITIONB REKEKKF.E to judiciaby COMMITTER.
silver Terrace tract— Property-owners, for recog
nition of streets on official map
Division, Channel to King— Property- to
expunge from map.
Twentr-flrstandTwenty-«econd avenues South—
1 Stephen T. uaK<*. requesting that tne streets be not
delineated on official map.
M South and Nineteenth avenue South— Prop
erty-owners, for delineation ofstreetson new map.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM MITTEK.
', Hai«ht, Webster to Fill more— Proper;y-o»rners
against sidewalks.
Larklo, . Union to Filbert — Property-owners
against paving. ,
H all's . alley. Vallejo south — Property-owners
against paving. „ '
Scott. Hayes to Fell— W. Lees against side
walks. ... ■•. - _ •-■-.■■.:
■■ i.»riiln. Filbert to Greenwich— Propetry-ownera
against paving, etc ■
Sanchez. Twenty -sixth to Twenty-Seventh— J.
W. Kyan against sid.vrßlks- JiHf" liMlWHmnn
Pierce, Jackson to Pacific — Property-owners
against stone sidewalks.
Eady, Devlsadero to Broderick— P. A. Fortler
against paving. •
Ocean View District— Property-owners against
expense of grading. -- - ,■ - '^SSMMI
ur*iii?p alley. Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth—
Property-owner* against paving.
Clayton, Oak to Page— John V. English against
pavinK.'4B^KM&E k > a HPMMWVVHst^V^HMsn
. Pacific avenue. Franklin to Gough—Property
owners against stone sidewalks. .
Decatur street— Property-owners against Omis
sion to delineate on official map.
Halght and Masonic—
Ilaiifh'. Masonic to Aslibury.
Halght and A»hbury— Crossing.
liaight, AshDury. to Clayton.
Ilnicbt to Clayton— Crossing.
Halglit. Clayton to Cole. .
HaUntan.i Cole-Crossing.
Halsht, Vole to Slirader. •
Halght and slirad«r-Cro»slng. -
Height, shrader to Stanyan— Property-owners
against paving, etc ...
. First ' avenue— Property-owners against change
of grade. - ■" _
a- Hickory, La«una to Buchanan—Property-own
ers against basalt :.-. ■_
APPF.AI-S FROM ASSESSMENTS.
Market, Koe to Castro— Bitumen, denied.
Market and No* crossing— Bitumen, denied.
OBJECTIONS TO STREET WORK.
Thirteenth, Sanchez to Noe— Sidewalk, sut
; *Mlnn*, ; Firet to Second— Sidewalks, sustained.
Street Committee Report. .
'. I.yon. Pine to California— ln favor of paving by
private contract. "
M and Twelfth avenue south. .'3HM
.M ■ Twelfth to Thirteenth ■■ avenues south— ln '.
favor of directing Superintendent of Streets to ex
amine work. '■ '{"'•
t Lafayette Park— ln favor of spreading loam at
65 rents. :
; , Laxkin, Union to i Filbert— ln favor of stopping ;
work.
; ;' Linden avenue, Buchanan to Webster— ln : favor
of shopping work.'MSaspeaffßil
. . Harrison. Fremont to First— Stopping work till
streUcar tracks are changed.
"Tbirteenth, Folsom to Harrison— lu favor of 18-
Inch sewer by private contract.
PKTITIO.V9 BFPORTKD FAVOEABLV.
Cortlaad svenae, Mission to Andover— Flank
sidewalks.
Broadway and Davis— Plan X sidewalks.
Bay and Polk crossing— Bltnnifii.
Kiizabeth and Sot— sidewalk to remain.
Deviiadero, Thlrteent . to Waller— Jo retain
sidewalks.
Bay. Polk to Van Npss— SewPr.
Prescott place— Grade established.
Bienart, Folsom to Harrison— To repair.
Eighteenth. Kentu.ky to -Mississippi— Bitumen ,
Sidewalks, five feet wide.
FBOTJtSTS RKPORTKD FAVORABLY.
Hayes. Pierce to scoit— Against paving.
Hayes and Pierce— Against paving.
Steluer. Page to Oak— Against paving.
Van Ness avenue — Against exemption from I
boulevard order.
Grove. JOevlsadero to Scott— Against sewer.
Vau Ness aveuue — Against narrow sidewalks.
Huron avenue, Sickles to Mission— Against clos
ing.
PKTITIONS RIPOSTED ADVERSELY.
Lily avenue, Gough to Octavia— For granite
curb^.
Van Ness, Market to Turk— For exemption from
boulevard order.
Jessie street. 261— T0 repair sidewalk.
Seventeenth, Castro to Douglass— For extension j
of time in laying sidewalks.
BARRED FOB BIX MONTH*.
Greenwich, Hyde to Leavenworth— Grading, on
protest of majority of property-owners.
ROUTED BY MOSQUITOES
A Plague on the Residents of
Hyde and California
Streets.
The attention of the Board of Health
has been called to that neighborhood of
which tbe intersection of California and
Hyde streets is tbe hub.
For more than a month swarms of mos
quitoes Jiave night and day made the lives
of the residents in that section almost un
endurable.
Mosquitoes are almost unknown in this
City and their appearance in such quanti
ties brought about an investigation.
It was generally belived that the pests
were bred in tne immense water tajik on
the roof of the Hyde-street car power
house, but the impression was removed
alter careful inspection. The tanks, how
ever, were found to be in such slimy con
dition that even if they are not the birth
place of the mosquitoes they certainly are
elegant refectories wherein to fatten them
and make them more robust.
The health officers discovered that the
swarms descended from the north on Hyde
street a little before nightfall, and traced
them to a grove of eucalyptus trees near
Clay and Hyde, their birthplace. The
pests, however, migrate daily to the
very great discomfort of the residents on
their route.
The various boarding and lodging
houses in the vicinity have lost several
guests because of tbe pest, and other sim
ilar houses have suffered to a greater or
less degree.
The question now is: How are the pests
to be got rid of?
Mr. Katz, proprietor of one of the board
ing-houses, will probably purchase the
eucalyptus grove and destroy it.
The only otber plague spot in the City
wnich is known to the^Board of Health is,
strange to say, that gore formed by the in
tersection ot Geary and Market streets —
the Adam & Kibbe property. Charles
Newman, the lessee, lost one of his ten
ants in the basement about two months
ago on accouat of the defective sewerage.
The mosquitoes found this a great breed
ing place and time has brought no im
provement.
• — ♦ — •
One-third of the recruits for the British
army enlist in London and Dublin.
OTSW TO-PAT. ;
P9. D BUILDING
_IJLm» paper; . .1
SOLD BY ALL DKALERS. I
JOHN E. MILLAR. THOS. B. SIMPSON.
SIMPSON & MILLAR, Searchers
81 Jl I »Mm CC .'ill, Mil, of :R,@cjorcls
Branch Office, NW.cor. McAllister and Larkln.
535 CALIFORNIA STREET.
Telephone 1932. ■ ' San Francisco j
D £ D COMPOSITION AND
l ■ « Pi GRAVEL ROOFING.
Paraffine Paint Co., 116 Battery Street.
BB^ADDI!((i.McBtAN&CQ
ffiM3|3sB-860 MARKET ST.
IMMiSaWORKSIINCOLNCAL. *
i "Judgment * «
|x .^~i\ I Bp" fin jrak Jb * ' )
>[ PLiUW :-
r. The umpire now decides that -1
h "BATTLE AX" is not only \
l t decidedly bigger in size than any j
t other 10 cent piece of tobacco, but the o |
f • quality is the finest he ever saw, and 0 i
t the flavoi: delicious* You will never 0 \
6 know just how good it is until 0
p you try it. . t^
NEW TO-DAY, .
OITY
Street Improvement Co.
Rooms 11 & 45, Fifth Floor, Mills Building.
Telephone Main 5377*
SACRAMENTO OFFICE: 411 J STREET.
H. DT7TARD "I 2 J. W. McDOVALD, Prw
CB. STONE 2 W. E. DENXISON. Sec
T. B. BISHOP 'ri> COL. J. H. MENBELL.
J W. MCDONALD I * ■ Corps of Engineers, U.S.A.
\V. E. DENNISON J 5 (Retire), •
, Consulting Ekoi.vkee.
PROPRIETORS CONTRACTORS
Santa Crnz, CaL, All Kinds (Of Street
- and Work, Bridges and
King City, Monterey Co., Railway Construction.
; DirpirkDS -mm ; Wharves. Jetties and
BITL Mhj MljhS. S^a AValls.
GRAY BROS.
Concrete and Art Stone Wort
CRUSHED irRAP ROCK
FOR
Macadamizing and Concrete. •
OFFICE-316 MONTGOMERY ST.
Telephone Main 5111.
A. E. BUGKMAN,
302 Montgomery Street, Room 4,
GRADING, SEWERING,
MACADAMIZING,
BASALT and BITUMINOUS PAVING.
TUNNEL, RAILROAD
and CONCRETE WORK.
OFFICE TELEPHONE . .
Main 991.
STABLE, STEINKR AND WALLER STS^
Telephone West 14.
WARREN & MALLEY,
OFFICES:
232 Montgomery St. fft\Tß IPTAR<
Telephone, Main 1202. V V A 1 Il.iV i I'll \
212 Ninth Street. •.
' Telephone, South 161.
Bay and Laguna Hts.
Telephone, Weal 789.
San Bruno Quarry.
Telephone, Mission 200, 4 bells.
GUSHING-WETMORE
COMPANY.
CONCRETE AND 'ARTIFICIAL STONE.
FIRST QUALITY ONLY.
508 CALIFORNIA ST., ROOM 9.
Yale Locks
17 AND 19 BGALE STREET.
PROPERTY OWNERS!
iSLTTENTION.
V7k CENTS
Per square foot (no discrimination) Is what you
can Ret your street paved with BITUMINOUS
ROCK for by the
PACIFIC PAMG COMPANY.
Office 100 and 108Phelan Building.
Call on us or send your address and oar repre-
sentative will call on yon. Telephone Main 656.
- TELEPHONE 1752.
CHARLES M. DEPEW
PLANING MILL COMPANY.
GENERAL MILL WORK. SHIP AND STEAM-
BOAT WORK,
Planing, Sizing: and Resawlngr.
OFFICE AND FACTORY.
329-233 Berry Si , Bet. 4'h and sth.
Box 19, Builders' Exchange, S. F.
ENSIGN & McGUFFICK,
LUBRICATING OILS,
Palnts.Varnishes, Nevada Compound, eto
23 SPEAK ST. Telephone 5320.
910
TO REMOVE ALL
UNUSED TRACKS
The Merchants' Association
Intends to Take
Action.
ARE INVESTIGATING.
Declares That the New Charter
Will Settle the Dif
ficulty.
BICYCLISTS ALSO INTERESTED.
At Present They Are Compelled to Ride
Over Many Unused Track
Crossings.
The Merchants' Association is soon to
begin a fight to have taken up the blocks
of unused 6treetcar tracss which disfiguie
the streets in every part of the City. The
Crossing at Fourth and Market Streets, Where the Old Horsecar Rails Have Been Left Standing Several Inches Above the Cable Tracks.
[Eeproduced from a sketch by a "CalV artist.]
matter was broueht up before the associa
tion by Joseph Siraonson, president of the
California Gas Fixture Company, and was
referred to Ernest McCnllough, the engi
neer of the association, for investigation.
Engineer McCallough has been busy
making a map of the City showing the
blocks of tracks, principally old horsecar
tracks, which have been abandoned.
Among the many streets on which un
ufeed tracks lie at present are Bush street
along its entire length, six blocks on
Mason street, five blocks on Taylor, three
blocks on Pine, three blocks on Stockton,
three blocks on Fir3t and three blocks on
Battery. Besides these are various aban
doned" dummy lines in the Richmond dis
trict and several deserted lines in the
Mission.
Engineer McCullough made a partial
report to the association at the last
meeting, but the complete report will
probably not be ready until the next
meeting, a week lrom next Thursday.
Besides finding the number of blocks of
unused tracks, the engineer is ascertain
ing the number of years the different
franchises have to run. Upon the pre
sentation of the rec >ri the association will
probably take some action in the matter.
"These abandoned tracks," declared
Secretary Freud of the Merchants' Associ
ation yesterday, "not only present a dis
gracelui appearance, but "are an injustice
to pedestrians and riders, and it seems a
shame that the companies should be al
lowed to keep the tracks down merely to
shut out competing lines. As soon as En
gineer McCullough makes his report the
association will take some action in the
matter.
"If, however, we find that we cannot
compel the companies to take up the
tracks we shall direct our energies toward
securing the adoption of the new charter,
which provides for such a matter. The
new charter provides that ail franchises
not in use a year after the charter goes
into effect shall become null and void, and
that within six months after the granting
of any franchise the road must be in op
eration. This would effectually prevent
auy such condition of affairs as that
which exists at present."
The wheelmen of this City will be, per
haps, most nearly affected by the removal
of the unused horsecar tracks. At present
there are a lar.e number of old' tracks
crossing thoroughfares along which thou
sands of cyclers travel daily. These are
not only an inconvenience, but a positive
danger to. riders. One of the most dan
gerous crossings is at Fourth and Market
streets where the old horsecar tracks
cross the cable tracks. Although most of
the rails were taken up between the cable
tracks and the sidewalk the rails between
the cable tracks were loft. In places they
stand three or four inches above the cable
tracks, makiug it very dangerous for pass
ing cyclers.
The same disgraceful state of affairs
t>r«!^aiis at the croaking* of First, Sixth
and many other streets. In the event of
the repaying of Market street, which, it
has been estimated, would cost about
$150,000, many or the obstructing tracks
woiiiu probably be removed.
"This is a matter which concerns not
only wheelmen but everybody in the
City," declared Henry F. Wynne, chair
man of the highways committee of the
local division^ of the League of American
Wheelmen. "While it is a good thine; for
the Merchants' Association to take steps
to hare these unused tracks removed,
still it seems to me that it is the duty of
the Superintendent of Streets to attend to
the matter."
CLUBS AND FIGHTERS
The Manhattan Athletic Club Gives
an Excellent Entertain
ment.
The Manhattan Athletic Club gave an
interesting entertainment last evening in
its rooms at 1749 Mission street. James
Killeen, who ac:ed as master of cere
monies, acquitted himself creditably. The
evening's sport commenced with a slack
wire performance by Jim Irwin. Then
Dan Kemp, the club's orator, addressed
the meeting. Paul Bernhardt gave an
interesting exhibition of club-swinging.
William Lemore's trapeze act and W.
Lenoe's contortion act were highly ap
preciated. The boxing was, of course,
the principal feature of the evening's
sport.
The following athletes met in bouts of
short duration: James and William Britt,
the Louis brothers, Cuneo brothers, Joe
Linehan and J. Crowley, J. Kenney and
J. Riley. A. Plantages and F. bhoentield,
J. McDevitt and J. Devine, James Lucey
and Gus Muller; wrestline by Vincent
White and J. Cook. George Mertes and H.
Hoffman, T. L 3 nch and J. Casey. Th^
club will hold a feather-weight cUampion
ship tournament on the evening of Auenßt 1
The Olympic Club's boxing entertain
ment which will be held on Friday even
ing next gives every promise of being a
most successful affair. The boxers who
are booked to appeal are all in splendid
condition, and unless something very un
foreseen happens between now and the
evening of the exhibition that may debar
any of the boxers from participating, the
members can look pleasantly forward to
seeing one of the best shows ever held in
the club gymnasium. '
Justin Gibbs of the National Club re
turned last evening from Bartlett Springs
looking as fresh as a spring salmon. He
I was .very much surprised to hear that
I neither of the clubs which had licenses to
j give boxing exhibitions had, as yet, se
j cured the Maber and Choynski fight. He
said that he proposed to take things easy
for some time and would make no particu
lar endeavor to pull the National Club on
top of the heap until: he discovered how
the land Jay— pugilistically speaking.
Yonng Mitchell of trie Occidental Club
is authority for the statement that Pitz
patrick and "Kid" Lavigne will arrive
from the East within two weeks. He says
that Lavigne and Everhart have agreed to
box ten rounds before the Occidental Club
some time during the latter part of Au
gust, and that the winner will receive 50
per cent of the gross receipts of the bouse.
Mitchell will leave for the country in a
I few days to recuperate and gain strength
for the management of the ; next fistic
. entertainment. ';•
Peter Maher is angry. He says neither
Choynski nor any other, man can force
him into a fight here if he can do better in
the East.
"I don't care a cent whom the clubs
throw up ; against me, if they put up
j enough dough for a mill," said Peter, as j
1 his dark eyes flashed at the; thought of
I having to return East without a big pot of
I money. \
"If Choynski intends to remain here he
j can do so, "^continued the Irishman, "but
he will loose a good thing by fooling his
time away in this City of small nurses. I i
can have a go with Charley Mitchell in
Aew York, and I'll wager that the house
will bring us $10,000, and Mitchell is a
back number at that.. Mr. Connolly and
myself will taxe the first train out for New
York on Thursday, and you can bet that I
won show up in this City again in a |
hurry, unless a solid guarantee fund is de
posited in some bank that the fight comes !
off— that is, in ! case 1 should be matched :
against some of the big 'uns."
. . — : « '* -. — — -■ -.
The Transfer Ordinance.
j Harry Lefcovitz, a newsboy, was arrested on
Powell street last night ,by Special Officer
Garland for violating the ticket transfer orai
?h%n^ffi^ A I%F1 %F Sr Wd « ath «ed "and hooted
the officer. Officer Maloney appeared and or
dered the crowd to move on. All did so ex
j cept John Powers, a salesman, who refused to
I budge, and Ma pney arrested him for obstruct-
I in- •h<> < 'irittM'iillr. . Rotl wi->rph«il»<i nut
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 28, 1896.
FRAUDS TO OBTAIN
ELECTION WORK.
Many Men Are Registered
From the Wrong
Precincts.
GRAND JURY NOTIFIED.
T. J. L. Smiley Springs a Sen
sation Before the Com
mission.
NUMEROUS PROTESTS FILED.
Many Recent Appointees Were Dis
missed for Various Irregu
larities.
T. J. L. Smiley, who represents the Re
publican County Committee before the
Election Commissioners, sprung a sensa
tion in the meeting of the board yesterday
when he announced that it had been dis
covered that certain men who had been
named for election officers, in their efforts
to reach those positions, had registered
from precincts in which they aid not re
side, and in doing «o had committed per
jury. He mentioned the names of H. W.
Holman and L. Fenstermacher as among
those who had registered from the wrong
precincts.
Consternation was written on the faces of
the Democratic officials on the board when
he announced that there were also a large
number of others on tne list who had been
reported to have sworn falsely as to their
residence and that they would be charged
as fast as investigation proved that they
were not legally registered.
The Commissioners were prompt in their
disavowal of any intention of allowing
any Dot the proper persons to be ar>
pointed, and Registrar Hinton was in
structed to investigate, and if any false
registrations were found to call the atten
tion of the Grand Jury to the matter and
see that prosecutions wore begun.
It was reported that George McWhin
uey, an election officer in the Twenty
eighth district, had registered from Irving
M. Scott's residence, and the Registrar
was instructed to investigate the matter
with a view to McWhinney's prosecution.
Objections were filed a-ainst the follow
ing: election officers, some of vWiom do not
reside in the precincts in which they were
appointed, and otuers served on boards
that were guilty of irregularities at the
last election : Paul Andoretti, 535 Vallejo •
Joseph Meroni, 1605 Dupont; Arrni Can
netti, 438 Green; Charles Schenk, 1315
Stockton; A. Adams. 617 Green- P E
Durham, 1812^ Stockton; George Bee
kamp, 600 Lombard; A. J. Garibaldi 1712
Mason; Thomas F. Mullin, 810 Jx>mbard-
L. J. Hurley, 437 Natoma ; William Bran
non, 352 Eleventh; M. EttJing, 142 Elev
enth; C. Hilderbrand, 419 Capp; Martin
B. Warde. 2309J4 Post; Paul Bubois 535
Vallejo; Henry Gerlach, 122.3 Filbert-
Richard J. Rice, 2903 Baker; Thomas
Burke, 1616 Stockton ; J. B. McLeran 22
Trenton.
The following, who had been appointed
election officers, were dismissed for vari
ous reasons: T. Sullivan, Tenth of the
Thirty-first; J. Livingston, Seventh of ttie
Fortieth ; L. Conart, Ninth of the Fortieth •
Louis Burner, First of the Thirty-first-
M. J. Foley, Seventeenth of the Thirty
first; Peter Collson, Tenth of the Forty
hrst; R. E. Campbell, Fourth of the Forty
first; C. H. Peterson, Twelfth of the
Thirty-first; J. H. Mulligan. First of the
Fortieth; T. Barker, Twelfth of the
Thirty-first; T. G. Tracey, Fifteenth of
the Thirty-first; Georgn Coiiopy Six
teenth of the Thirty-first.
After the meeting Auditor Broderick
Children Cry for Pitcher^Castoria.
stated that one of the principal reasons
why names of those who were not en
titled to be appointed election officers had
crept into the lists was because the matter
of finding out whether those on the lists
were eligible had been referred to Sam
Braunhart, aad that he bad reported
them as all right when, as a matter of
fact, many of them were not. The follow
ing election officers were appointed :
FORTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
Precinct I— lnspector,' John Clerfayat (D.),
Occidental Hotel; judges— William H. Fuhr
man (D.), Occidental Hotel; Emil Ney. (R.),
Lick House..
Precinct Inspector, . Anson Hilton (D.),
324 Bush; Judges-Samuel A. Baker (D.), and
George Goldsmith (R.), I. Vincent. <
Precinct Inspector. J. S. Kilsby (D.), 19
Commercial; judges— Michael McCarthy (D.),
117 Drumm, and Matthew McCay (R.), 54 Sac
ramento.
Pre cinct Inspector, William Weymann
(D.), b3l Sacramento; — John McDon
ald (D.), 519 Sacramento, and Louis Kirsch
baum (R.), 537 Sacramento
I'recinct s— lnspector, John B. Weller (i).).
639 Clay; judges-Samuel Isaacs (D.), 641
Washington, and Joseph Kelly (R.), 636 Com
mercial. ,
/T . p . ecinct 6— lnspector. Richard N. Rogers
(D.), 526 Merchant; judges— William Murray,
(D.), 538 Sacramento; A. Crocker (R.), 608
Montgomery.
- T Precinct 7— lnspector, John Cashen (D.), 413
Vallejo; judges— Hugh Curran Jr. (D.), 400
Broadway; John J. Green (R.), Commercial
_^. r ? clnct B— lnspector, Frank E. Souza (D.),
506 Davis; judges— R. Olseu (D.), 114 Jackson;
George H. Reiterman (R.), 104 Jackson.
o -v1? m . ct 9 lnspector, Andrew Carney (D.),
316 Davis; judge, E. Fitzgerald (D.), Oregon
Precinct 10— Inspector, E. de Julio (D.). 313
Green; judges— William J. Kelly (D.), 3 Vin
cent; James F. Swift (R.), 1119 Montgomery.
mEf-S 111 ?* — Inspector, John Rodgers (D.),
706 Battery; judges-Joseph O'Neill (D.), 625
Davis; John J. Sweeny (R.). 114 Pacific.
00,^ c L net 12 ~ I "spector. James J. Brown (D.).
V 2 l h Broaaway; judges, Harry Baum (D.,427
Pacific, and Frank W. Wall (R.), 328 Pacific.
Prec , ln Cl 13 ~ lnspector, George H. Price
{D.),213U Vallejo; judges, George Lynch
(D.), 908 bansome, and James J. Duffy (R.), 914
Sansorae.
f^e^nct 14— Inspector, James H. Hunter
(D.), 1306% Montgomery; judges, Daniel F.
Ryan (D.). 3 Calhonn, and Eugene - Valent?
(R.), 102S Battery.
. . THIRTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
Precinct I— lnspector, Joseph A. Lynch (D ),
1104 Gough street; Judges, Samuel Mnrt (D
712 Turk street, and M. W. Altmayer (R.), 824
_ Precinct 2— lnspector, Joseph Dwyer (D.)
730 Golden Gate avenue; Judges, M. Wolf (D.)
632 Golden Gate avenue, and Edward Kerdeli
(R.). 717 Golden Gate avenue.
Precinct 3— lnspector, Thomas F. Clark (D )
60/ McAllister street; judges, John F. McGnire
(D.), 208 Grove, and T. J. Powers (R.), 502
Franklin.
Precinct 4— lnspector, Emil Wolf (D.), 303
Fulton street; judges, Dennis Gearon (D.), 507
Ash avenue, and Daniel Zeiner 528 Grove
Precinct s— lnspector, Richard Gorman (D
709 McAllister; judges, H. Friedman (D.), 733
McAllister, and M.Friedman (R.), 733 McAl
lister.
.Precinct 6— lnspector, Morris Bradley (D.),
1222 Eddy; Judges, Jacob Gans (D.), 1336
Ellis, and Charles S. Harris (R.); 1218 a Eddy.
Precinct 7— lnspector, E. J. Clark (D,). 1515
Ellis; judges, George W. Rone (D.), 1223 Web
ster, and J. Judge (R.), — Hollis. ' : ■
Precinct B— Daniel Meheean (D.), 706 Laurel
avenue; Judges, William Ryan (D.), 907 Laurel
avenue, and William Ryan (R.), 907 Laurel
avenue.
/nV' C AoS t « 9 ":^ n!pector ' • w » lter McCormick
(D.), 1028 McAllister; Judges. Charles H. Ty
\%J?/\i 6 ? 3 Locust, and J. J. Conlan (R.),
1008)4 Buchanan.
/r, P > re c } I°— lnspector, Jeremiah L. Murphy
£PJ«£ 30 ** Fulton; judges, Patrick Kane (EL),
,04 Fulton, and L. Weintraub (R.), 919 Mc-
Allister.
,r?f e £™ c £ f 1 — inspector, James K. O'Brien
(p.). 802 Fulton ; judge, A. Ascher (D.), 1321 J*
Golden Gate avenue. - ••-•' ' "
, r^SJ 110 . 1 12 ~ lnspector, Stephen Gunn (D.),
1583 Turk; judges, James D. Powers (D.), HE.
?£"}" l«»rk and Pierce, and B. Judge (R.),
lDol uric.
. Precinct 13— Inspector, P. J. Whelan (D.),
1510 Eddy; judges, Joseph Byrne (D.). 16
?526^d n d* VenUe> * nd R - B/SDOWgrass (R.),
?svi ? ct 14 Ins P ector t Charles Cassasa<D),
1119 Pierce; Judge, P. H. Barrett (R.), 1209
Devisadero. . .
#^ P > r^££ l 15— Inspector, James F. McFadden
(D.).\607 Turk; judges, P. A. Kennedy- (D.>,
1/01 Eddy, and J. c. Collins (R.), 1829 Eddy.
Vo^^ ll^ 16— Inspector, John P. c ulley (D.).
11° Go , lde " Gate avenue; Judges, Louis G.
? c r * (°Jt'l9l4 Golden Gate avenue, and G.
L.. Sharp (R.), 1728 Golden Gate avenue. -
,T^ re o C « n S t^ ■ 17 ~ lnspector, Thomas Osbourne
(v.) 2008 Goiden Gate avenue; judges, James
<*ftllagher (D.), 918 Central avenue, and George
S. hews (R.), 2111 Golden Gate avenue.
Precinct 18— Inspector, Martin O'Brien (D.),
First avenue and McAllister; judges, John
(..race (D.) Fulton: between Asbury and Ma
sonic, and D'Arcy M. Cashin (R.), 2520 McAl
lister.
THIRTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
o^ r ec , 1 , net Inspector,* George H. Buttle (D.),
rf ?• Q , Harri ? on; 3 uct es » . G. W. Burnett (D.),
610 Shotwell, and R. P. Hale (R.).
_. Precinct 2-Inspector, George Wall (D.), 705
Shotwell; judges, A. G. fitrpatrick (D.;, 3027
Follow " Becon and D- a thert) y <*•)• 2613
ii^ r^ mot 3 -Inspector, J. P. Hopkins (D.),
i n?« Vlf a a enu « ! judges. J. W. Cramer (D.),
BhotweH ' aDd Fred Mallory " (R.), 815
Precinct inspector, 1 Daniel Reardon (D.),
1310 Florida; judges, Timothy Godsil (D.),
211 Harrison, and James M. Custer (R.), 2912
Folsom.
Precinct s— lnspector, J. J. Walsh (D.), 2504
Bryant; judges, John L. Hicks (D.), 2510 Bry
ant, and Mark J. Hackett(R.), 1229 Florida.
Precinct 6— lnspector, G. G. Dunpsey (D.I,
2545 Folsom; judges, D. Kelly (D.), 2525 Fol
som, and R. J. Rodgers (R.), 821 Treat avenue.
Precinct 7— lnspector, F. W. Kettieman (D.),
2824 Twenty-third; judges. John J. Burke
(D.), 1041 York, and James Bernard (R.), 2802
Twenty-third.
Precinct B— lnspector, M. J. Griffin (D.), 1108
Potrero; judges, R. Urbals (D.), 1310 Hamp
shire, and Chester X Pinknam (R.), 2830
Twenty-fourth.
Precinct 9— lnspector, John Miller (D:), 2123
Hutaboldt; judge, Frederick Fowkes (D.), San
Bruno avenue, between Twenty-second and
Huinboldt; judge, William E. Darling (R.),
1010 Potrero avenue.
Precinct 10— Inspector, James McCarthy
(D.), Vermont, between Sonoma and Nevada;
judire, John Kenny (D.), 1332 San Bruno ave
nue, between Twenty-fourth and Tweuty-fifth ;
judge, F. a. Knlpe (R.), 233 Twenty-fourth
street.
Precinct 11— John Reidv (D.) f 1504 Ken
tucky; judge, Constantine McCall (D.), 1006
Tennessee; judge, Robert E. Stewart (R),
11023^ Tennessee.
Precinct 12— Inspector, M. McNamara (D.\
7^o Illinois; judges, Maurice P. Haley (D).,
1001 Illinois, and John Blake (R.;, 1915 lili-
Precinct 13— Inspector, George H. Smith
(D.). 1013 Eleventh avenue; judges, Cnris
Mangeis (D.) and Robert Turner (R.), Twelfth
avenue, between N and P streets.
Precinct 14— Inspector, Richard Giblin <D ),
fourteenth avenue, between P and Q streets';
judge, Arthur McGuire (D.), Fifteenth avenue,
between P and Q streets.
Tc?J£Z inct !&— lnspector, G. B. Godfrey (D.),
lzsv be venth avenue, between L and M streets;
judges, J. J. Regan (!>.), Sixth avenue, between
l. and M streets, and Charles Baaser (R.), Six
teentn avenue, between X and L streets.
WHEELS THAT WON.
List of the Prizes Awarded to Partici
pants in Last Saturday Night's
Parade.
The committee of awards of the bicycle
parade, which attracted so much attention
last Saturday night, has handed in the
following report:
First prize, $15, awarded to John Carr
for the best decorated bicycle with suit and
uniform complete.
Second, two pair engraved cuff buttons,
best decorated tandem, awarded to the
Thirteen Club, pirate ship; special mention of
excellence Evening Post tandem.
Third, pennant, club turning out largest
number, awarded to Imperial Cycling Club.
Fou'th, pennant, club making best appear
ance, awarded to Ladies' Alpha Cycling Club
in this City and a similar prize awarded to the
Ariel Bicycle Club of Vallejo.
Fifth, Morgan <fe Wright tires, most unique
transparency or motto, awarded to San Fran
cisco Road Club, miniature gallows with ef-
Sixth, New York tires, most antiquated
turnout— Darkey on old, ordinary wheel.
Seventh, pair Hartford tires, best decorated
coupling— Float of the California Social Club
Cyclers, chariot of two bicycles driven by little
Hazel McGinn.
Bighth, best decorated sociable, Vini
tires — Awarded to Golden Gate Cycling
Club, Japanese lantern display, ridden by G
Hale and A. Lewis.
Special prize— Best-mounted aid to grand
marshal, Annie Barnes.
Special prize— Best-decorated b.uilding,Henrv
« ynne, Folsom and Twenty-second streets. *
Special mention of excellence of decorations
and fireworks of H. C. Henderson.
The Rambler sloop, a float from the cyclo
rama of T. H. B. Varney, was considered by the.
committee one of the best features of the pa
rade. There being four riders it was not clas*
Bified for competition.
Special prize awarded to E. Moh rig for so
ciable doublet, made up with Japanese lan
terns as a bouquet.
Prizes will be distributed by J. S. Conwell,
18 McAllister street. L. R. Ellkrt,
J. F. English.
H. C. Henderson,
J. H. Geady,
John H . Dawson,
Committee.
Fortune Awaits Them.
A fortune awaits William and Thomas Mur
phy of County Wexford, Ireland, if they
only knew it, but they evidently do not, for
they have not appeared to claim it. Twenty
years ago they left their native country for
this City, and shortly alter their arrival started
for the mines, but where is not known, as they
have never been he«rd of since. J. F. Ander
son of 1209 Florida street has advertised for
them in The (.all.
HEW to-dat;
To=Day
for
IUI ]]
Bargains
Store crowded to the doors. To
those who could not get waited on,
we apologize sincerely. We have
additional clerks now. Come every-
body.
Summer Clearance Sale
—the one event of Shoe selling this
year.
We mention a few samples, picked
at random. The balance makes a
big store full.
Reduced
. • ' . ■ • from
Infants' Moccasins, sizes oto 3.. 50c to 20c
Infants' Fins Kid Button, sizes .
2 t06...... ....;.......... 760 to 45c
Infants' Fine Tan Kid Button,
sizes 2 to 6 750 to 60c
Child's Fine Tan Kid Button, all
kids or brown cloth top, soring
heels, sizes 4 to 7 .............. $125 to 90c
Child's .Tan Goat Button, stout /
i;.j soles, spring heels, sizes 6 to -.
7%...^.... ........ ._ «1 25 to 95c
Sizes 8 to 10%-—.-. *1 60: to SI 16
i Misses' Tan <-ioat Button, spring • ... -
heel. slzesO to 2. .„........:... $1 75 to fl 35
Ladirs' Fine Glace Kid' Button,
pointed or narrow square toe.. $2 50 to $1 65
Ladies' White Canvas Oxford . • - /
Ties... ................:..;.-. WOO to SI 25
Ladies'. White Canvas Southern
, Ties x $2 60 to SI 70
Ladies' Canvas Leggings (black
or russet).....'. .. ............ 76 C to 600
Assorted ■ Lot or Ladles.' Fine
French. Kid Button: A, B, C
widths only: sizes to 3VaJ
worth *3 to $6: reduced t0.... <p\ 00
Boys 1 Veal ; Button Shoes, . all
" sizes ap to 6; reduced from.... $2 00 to SI 15
Men's ..oodyear Welt, razor toe -
81ucher5.....:;................-.. S3 50 to $1 90 !
Men's satin Calf, lace and con- * • - ' ~ ~T. \
. . Kress, medium square, toe and
tip. ............: .■.'.'..".*■.'.....■ f 2 50 to SI 50
Men's llusset Calf, narrow square
toe, lace, hand welt, line dress
5h0e....... $5 00 to S3 00
COME EARLY
And avoid the crowds. . Mail orders
promptly filled. Cannot ; prepay
charges on reduced goods. Send
for catalogue. ,
I > —
Kast's
738-740 Market St.
Headquarters for Buckingham &
Hecht's Shoes.
SEW TO-DAT. .
Special Saving Sale
BEER MUGS!
Those quaint old German Blne-deco-
r a rated, Metai-cover-
M' jr^ ed StoneßeerMugs
■ tSfiSfr 4r^ are a^ ' Qe ra S e
P? now for dining-
\P\ *J^j§R^*'(r\ room ornaments.
==i^j == — I / Good to drink beer
Jtrl* 1 "' _-=r*3L"'ld'- from, too. The kind
|-||rjr|=^§|^3~l^. 'i^e the Dicture,
Sr?*l3PiP§S3iiy ) i^sale until \Vednes-
WIIM&R&Z^ 7v// da y ni S Sth t at 65
91 s/W ceDts - Several
W§£&MM^dr/z!^ other styles also so
Wo^^^^^ on sale & } 70c, $1.10
y'-i'-vjJSS^L To make room
|^~ i r~jj^j for Fall importa-
"^^^ A ,VR—- tions, our entire
assortment of Fish Sets, Soup Sets, Meat
Sets., etc., at one-third less than regular
prices; some at just one-half.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE- — •
A Quarter of a Block Below Shreva's.
WANQENHKIM, STERNHEIM & CO.
528 and 530 Market St..
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
BELOW MONTGOMERY.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
i^HABIiES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT- ,
\J law and Notary Public, 633 Market aL, oppo-
site Palace HoteL Telephone 670. Aesldsao* lfiid
Ireilst. Telephone; *Plna" 259 L
OFFICE OF THE
Registrar of Voters
' —OF THE
City and County of San Francisco.
■\TOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
-LI Boards of Precinct Registration for the General
Election, to be held on TUESDAY, thej 3d day of
November, A. D., 1896, will meet In their re-
spective precincts for the Kegistration of Voters
and for such other purposes as are prescribed by
law on KBDAY, August 5, 1896, from 9
o'clock a. m. until 10 o'clock p. it dally, for five
(5) days, until and including MONDAY, August
10, 1896, on which day all registration closes.
All electors who have not been registered for
«aid General Election are hereby Invited to pre-
sent themselves for registration.
The Boards of Precinct Registration will sit as
above for the purpose of registering all legal and
qualified voters residing in their precincts who
have not registered at the office of the Registrar of
Voters since May 27, 1896.
Any person who has not registered since May
27, 1896. and fails to register at the Board of Pre-
cinct hexistration of the precinct in which he re-
sides will be debarred the privilege of voting at
such election.
In accordance with Section 21 of the "Act to
Regulate Registration of Voters," etc, the follow-
ing places have been secured for the sessions of
the Hoards of Precinct HezUtration.
EEGISTEAIf PLACES.
ELECTION MEMBER 3, 1896.
Twenty-Eighth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 2o4 Mission,
isecond Precinct— l 7 Howard.
Third Precinct— 4oj Harrison, -j ■:'.' :
Fourth Precinct— 4l6 Folsom.
Fifth Precinct— 229 Second. ~
Sixth Precinct— M)3 Howard. ■ '
Seventh Precinct— 5122 Howard.
Eighth Precinct— l 42 First.
/Ninth Precinct— First.
Tenth Precinct— Mission.
Eleventh Precinct — 102 Jessie.
Twelfth Precinct— 29 Stanley place.
Thirteenth Precinct— Howard.
Fourteenth Precinct— 62s Howard.
Fifteenth Precinct— 66s Howard.
Sixteenth Precinct— 24 Verona.
Seventeenth Precinct— Third.
Twenty-Ninth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 36B Jessie.
Second Precinct — 215 Stevenson.
Third Preclnct-850 Mission.
Fourth Precinct— lol% Fifth.
Fifth Precinct— Mission,
Mxth Precinct— 222V4 Natoma. •
Seventh Precinct— 726y Howard.
Eighth Precinct— 3sl Minna.
Ninth Precinct— Tehama.
Tenth Precinct— 2l3 Fooith.
Eleventh Precinct— 7l6 Kolsom.
Twelfth Precinct— Fifth.
Thirteenth Precinct— l44Vi Clara. >•
. Fourteenth Precinct— 733 Folsom.
Fifteenth Precinct— Rilch.
Sixteenth Precinct— 4oB Fourth.
Seventeenth Precinct— lo4 Perry.
Eighteenth Precinct— 42l Fourth.
Nineteenth Precinct— ss2 Bryant.
Thirtieth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 46B Stevenson.
" Second Precinct— 2s^ Sixth.
Third Precinct— so 2 jessle.
Fourth Precinct— 939 Mission.
Fifth Precinct— 506 Minna. , .
Sixth Precinct— ll9 Sixth. - .
Seventh Precinct— 96o Howard.
Kighth Precinct— 2o2 Fifth.
Ninth- Precinct— 224% Fifth.
Tenth Precinct— loo 7 Howard.
Eleventh Precinct— 239 Seventh.
Twelfth Precinct— Kolsom.
Thirteenth Precinct— 336 sixth.
Fourteenth Precinct— 43l Sixth.
Fifteenth Preciuct— 923% Harrison.
Sixteenth Precinct— 4lo sixth. ■•
Seventeenth Precinct— loB2 Howard.
Thirty-First Assembly District.
First Precinct— 3 Eighth.
Second Precinct— 23 Ninth.
Third Precinct— ll47 Mission.
Fourth Precinct— l2B Eighth.
Fifth Precinct— ll46 Howard.
. Sixth Precinct— l3o6 Mission.
seventh Precinct— Eleventh.
Eighth Precinct— 2ls Tenth.
Ninth Pri'cinct— 3o4 Eighth.
Tenth Precinct— 247 Eighth.
Eleventh Precinct— llo3 Howard.
Twelfth Precinct— ll2o Harrison.
Thirteenth Precinct— ll39 Folsom.
. Fourteenth Precinct— l3ss Folsom.
Fifteenth Precinct— 4J 3 Ninth. .
Sixteenth Precinct— l 329 Harrison.
Seventeenth Precinct— l 439 Harrison.
Thirty-Second Assembly District. .
First Precinct— 274 Brannan.
Second Precinct— sll Third.
Third Precinct— Third.
Fourth Precinct— 6l6 Fourth. •
Fifth Precinct— s24 Third.
. Sixth Precinct— s2s% Fourth.
Seventh Precinct— s4o Brnunan.
Eighth Precinct— sls% sixth.
Ninth Precinct— loso ICeniucky .
Tenth Precinct— l 924 Bryant.
Eleventh Precinct— 7o7 Urannan.
Twelfth Precinct— 742 Brannan
Thirteenth Precinct— 9s3 Bryant.
Fourteenth Precinct— lsl4 Twentieth (Napa).
Thirty-Third Assembly District.
. First Precinct— 29oo Twenty-first ■
Second Precinct-3026 Twenty-second
Third Precinct— 3l42 lwent^fourth *
Fourth Precicct-1336 Alabama
Fifth Precinct— 2Bs7 Twenty-fourth.
Sixth Precinct- 1006 Florida urlu -
h ,, Preclnct - 230& Bryant avenue. !
ig H, th o JPreclnct - 2702Tw e nt y-tourth.
Ninth Precinct-'J3ai Humboidt. . ' * '
t-f Precinct— Corner . 24th and Potrero *.vt>
Precinct-N. ,\V. cor. 22d CndTennlv
Twelfth Precinct— 92l Illinois.
. Thirteenth Precinct— 6o2 Railroad avena«
Fourteenth Precinct-1659 Fifteenth avenne
■ Fifteenth Precinct-Cor^ttailroad and l4th^ves.
Thirty-Fourth Assembly District.
First Precinct— l6l7 Howard
Second Precinct— 1533 Mission '■■"'■
Third Precinct-46 Twelfth
Fourth Precinct— lll Valencia.
Fifth Precinct-1639 Mission.
E^J9l MANHOOD RESTORED^'--
I\K \1 WW •*•* <? t! °n Of a famous French ihvZ.; \ .!, »•• V itali2 er,theprescrlp.
■S^&AIV>• r '1 \] on » or , leases ol the genSi ' " uiekl CBr «7<"> of all ner-
niW >f taML Insomnia, Pains in the B.fck stmi VP""' ? ucn M ioBt Manhood,
l^^C^^^^£iEßß^^f^^^ are tronWe* w« B
Address DAVOI. MKDIOINIC CO .' 1170 Market strew, San Francisco, Cal. For sal* by
BKOOKS' fUAKMACY, U» PoweUttr**
Roy to-pat: _. .
Sixth Precinct— l73l Mission.
' Seventh Precinct— l6o9 Folsom.
Eighth Precinct— llB Fourteenth.
Ninth Precinct— l Bos .Mission.
Tenth Precinct— 2Bs Valencia.
Eleventh Precinct— 442 Valencia.
Twelfth Precinct— s4B Valencia. ;
Thirteenth Precinct— Valencia.
Fourteenth Precinct— 2los Mission.
Fifteenth Precinct— l 469 Fifteenth.
sixteenth Precinct— N\V. cor. 18th and Folsom,
Seventeenth Precinct— 223s Mission.
Eighteenth Precinct— B26 Valencia. *
Nineteenth Precinct— Valencia-
Twentieth Precinct— 934 Valencia. .
Twenty-first Precinct— Mission.
Thirty-Fifth Assembly District.
First Precinct— Corner of Clipper and Church.
Second Precinct— 364s '.twenty-third.
Third Precinct— Corner Valencia and Twenty-
third.
Fourth Precinct— 32l7 Twenty-first.
Fifth Precinct— NW. corner Mission and 24th.
Sixth Precinct— 262s Mission.
Seventh Precinct— 32Bl Twenty-fourth.
Eighth Precinct— l4o6 Valencia. ■".-'. '
Ninth Precinct— between San Jose
avenue and Mission.
Tenth Precinct— Alabama, between Preclta
avenue and Momcalm.
Eleventh Precinct— 3121 Mission. »
Twelfth Precinct,— 32Bl Mission.
Thirteenth Precinct— Richland avenue.
Fourteenth Precinct— Liquri Hall.
Thirty-Sixth Assembly District.
; First Precinct— 23l6 Fifteenth.
Second Precinct— 2slBV 3 Market
Third Precinct— 222 Church.
Fourth Precinct— 3439 Sixteenth.
Fifth Precinct— B796 Eighteenth.
Sixth Precinct— 4lsl Eighteenth.
Seventh Precinct— 4llo Eighteenth.
Eighth Precinct— 4oBl Nineteenth.
Ninth Precinct— (Sanchez.
Tenth Precinct- 3619 Eighteenth,
Eleventh Precinct— Corner Twenty-fourth and
Vicksburg. .
Twelfth Precinct— Twenty-fourth.
Thirteenth Precinct-jNW. cor. Day and Ban*
Chez. •
Fourteenth Precinct— 22s Twenty-eighth.
1 lfteenth Precinct— l 434 Dolores.
Sixteenth Precinct— 3slo Mission.
Seventeenth Precinct— 43o6 Twenty-first
.Eighteenth Precinct— 801 Douglass.
Nineteenth Precinct— San Jose and Ocean
avenues.
t Twentieth Precinct-Corner Sagamore and San
Jose aye.
Thirty-Seventh Assembly District. .
First Precinct— 339 Hayes.
Second Precinct— 9 Oak.
Third Precinct— l 43 Page.
Fourth Precinct— l 7 Franklin.
Fifth Precinct — 435 Hayes.
Sixth Precinct— 6oo Hayes.
Seventh Precinct— Laguna,
Eighth Precinct— t.ciavia.
Ninth Precinct — 1951 Market.
Tenth Precinct — 614 Herman.
Eleventh Precinct— Halght
Twelfth Precinct— 73B Hayes.
Thirteenth Precinct— 6o4 Fillmore.
Fourteenth Precinct— 627 Halght.
■ Fifteenth Precinct— (Booth), corner Haight and
Scott.
. . Sixteenth Precinct— 93o Oa*.
• .Seventeenth Precinct— l2l6 Oak.
Eighteenth Precinct— 2o9 Scott.
Nineteenth Precinct— 3oo Baker.
.Twentieth Precinct— l 733 Oak.
Twenty-first Precinct— l7oo Page.
Thirty-Eighth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 9l3 Ellis. ;."•'
Second Precinct— 6o7 Franiclin.
Third Precinct— 6l3 McAllister.
Fourth Precinct — 604 Grove.
Fifth Precinct— 7o9 McAllister.
Sixth Precinct— l2oo Eddy.
Seventh Precinct— ls29 Ellis.-
Eighth Precinct— l 342 Turk.
Ninth Precinct— llos Buchanan.
Tenth Precinct— Bll Buchanan.
Eleventh Precinct— B2l Webster.
Twelfth Precinct— llos Fillmore.
Thirteenth Precinct— l77l ElUs.
Fourteenth Precinct— l2o9 Derisadero.
Fifteenth Precinct— l6l3 Turk.
. Sixteenth Precinct— l43o Fulton.
Seventeenth Precinct— l6o2 Grove.
Eighteenth Precinct— 2s44 McAllister.
; Thirty- Ninth Assembly District.
First Precinct— l 26 Hayes.
Second Precinct— 2l7 Polk.
Third Precinct— 36 Grove. " % "'
Fourth Precinct— Golden Gate avenue.
Fifth Precinct— 3lo Golden Gate avenue.
Sixth Precinct— 329 Eddy.
Seventh Precinct— 3l9 Leavenworth.
Eighth Precinct— so 6 Lark In. . - ; . - \
Ninth Precinct— 4o2 McAllister.
Tenth Precinct— 6o9 Larkin.
Eleventh Precinct— Bl3 Larkin.
Twelfth Precinct— B37 Geary.
Thirteenth Precinct — J2l Jones.
Fourteenth Precinct— sliy~ Jones.
Fifteenth PreciDct— slB Hyde.
Sixteenth Precinct— lo3o Sutter.
Seventeenth Precinct— loos Post.
Eighteenth Precinct— l 224 Polk.
• Nineteenth Precinct— l62l California,
Twentieth Precinct— l3l7 Pine.
Fortieth Assembly District*
. First Precinct— l62B-S1 Pine.
Second Precinct— Fern avenue.
Third Precinct— l 623 Post.
Fourth Precinct— l6o3 Laguna.
Fifth Precinct— lBl4 Lagana.
Sixth Precinct— 2ll3 Pine.
Seventh Precinct— 2loB Fillmore.
Eiehth Precinct— 9o4 Fillmore.
Ninth Precinct— lsl7 Buchanan.
Tenth Precinct— lBo2 Geary.
Eleventh Precinct— Bush.
Twelfth Precinct— 26o9 Sacramento.
Thirteenth Precinct — 2925 California.
Fourteenth Precinct— l4oo Devlsadero.
Fifteenth Precinct— 2s3s Sutter.
Sixteenth Precinct—^9o3 Pine.
Seventeenth Precinct— l42B Central avenue.
. Eighteenth Precinct— Point Lobos avenue.
Ninteenth Precinct— l3l3 Point Lobos avenue. •
Twentieth Precinct— 36o Ninth avenue.
Forty- First Assembly District.
First Precinct— l4l3 Jackson.
second Precinct— Hyde.
Third Precinct— 2oo9 Hyde.
Fourth Precinct— Hyde.
Fifth Precinct— 2lo3 Larkin.
Sixth Precinct— l 926 Polk.
Seventh Precinct— l7oB Polk.
Eighth Precinct— Pacific.
Ninth Precinct— 23os Jackson.
Tenth Precinct— lBl3 Vallejo.
Eleventh Precinct— 2B3o Octavla.
Twelfth Precinct— 3lo3 Fillmore.
Thirteenth Precinct— l9l6 Union.
Fourteenth Precinct— 2slo Steiner.
Fifteenth Precinct— 26oo% Sacramento.
Sixteenth Precinct— '2926 Washington.
Seventeenth Precinct— 3399 Sacramento.
Eighteenth Precinct— 2733 Greenwich.
Nineteenth Precinct— 362o Sacramento.
Forty-Second Assembly District.
First Precinct— Golden Gate avenue.
Second Precinct— Taylor.
Third Precinct— 224 Ellis. ." •.
Fourth Precinct— l 37 Tavlor.
Fifth Precinct— 44o Geary.
Sixth Precinct— 6l2 Post,
seventh Precinct— Geary.
Eighth Precinct- 1006 Bush.
Ninth Precinct— Bo9 Bush.
. Tenth Precinct— ll3s Clay.
Eleventh Precinct— llo4 Clay.
Twelfth Precinct— l3l7 Sacramento.
Thirteenth Precinct— l3ll California.
Fourteenth Precinct— l 426 Washington.
Fifteenth Precinct— lB34 Pacific.
Sixteenth Precinct— ll4l Pacific
Forty-Third Assembly District.
First Precinct— lo7 Ellis.
Second Precinct— ll7 Powell.
• Thlra Precinct— 3o6 Mason.
Fourth Precinct— l 46 Geary
Fifth Precinct— 22 Stockton nlaoa.
Sixth Precinct— 4l3 Powell.
seventh Precinct— sos Bush.
, Eighth Precinct— Bush.
Ninth Precinct— 6os Pine.
Tenth Precinct— 33s Kearny
Eleventh Precinct— B22 California.
Twelfth Precinct— 93o Washington.
Thirteenth Precinct— lo23 Clay.
Fourteenth Precinct— l3lo Mason.
Fifteenth Precinct— l22B Stockton.
■ Sixteenth Precinct— 229% Montgomery aven •>
Forty-Fourth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 6o6 Broadway.
Second Precinct— 512 Broadway.
Third Precinct— ls2l Mason.
Fourth Precinct— Dupont
Fifth Precinct— soB Filbert.
Sixth Precinct— 50 Bar.
seventh Precinct— 2106 Mason.
Eighth Precinct— 2340 Mason.
£1"^ rec «"ct-7»0 Montgomery avenue. ->'-
Tenth Precinct— lBl3% Mason.
Eleventh Precinct— l7o6 Mason.*
Twelfth Precinct— l6o2 Mason.
Thirteen th.Preclnct— 2605 Taylor.
Fourteenth Precinct-1702 Leavenworth.
Fifteenth Precinct-913% Filbert
Forty- Fifth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 3ol% Bush.
fM>cond Precinct— Pin-'.
Third Precinct— 24 Drumm. ••W*J
iourth i'recinct— llB Lelue.sdortt 1
Fifth Precinct-612 Commercial.
Sixth Precinct— 225 Leidesdorff
Seventh Precinct— 124 Montgomery avenue.
. Eighth Precinct— lo9 Jackson.
I Ninth Precinct— 105 Washington.*
Tenth Precinct-34'^A Union.
Eleventh Precinct— ls Vallejo.
rwelfth Precinct— Northeast corner Pacific and
■Montgomery avenue. . »
Thirteenth Precinct— lolo Montgomery.
I Fourteenth Precinct- 1202 Montgomery.
I W. M. HINTON, Registrar of VotVfrs*A BUSY DAY FOR
THE MINISTERS
Excellent Papers Read Be
fore the Local Organ
izations.
A TALK BY BLACKHURST
Mr. Strauss Speaks on "Christ
the Inspiration of Modern
Art."
DR. C. C HERRIOTT'S NEW PLAN
Professor Josiah Keep Highly Appre
ciates David for Penning
Psalm CIV.
Yesterday was ministers' day. The
various local ministerial organizations
met in regular conclave and discussed
many questions of interest in the fold of
the Good Shepherd. All these sessions
were marked with an activity out of the
ordinary.
At the Congregational Monday Club,
which met in the parlors of the" Grand
Hotel, the principal item was the reading
of a paper by Meyer Strauss, entitled:
"Christ the Inspiration of Modern Art."
Inspiration he beld to be something higher
than mere impulse. He treated it as an
impulse of a peculiar kind, one in which
the action of the brain is guided by an
ertraneons force, by the power of the
Divine will.
"Some men," he said, "are so practical
and so thoroughly imbued with business
principles that the sight of a beautiful
forest with it patriarchal, moss-bearded
sentinels, its wealth of green foliage sway
ing to and fro in the breeze, and its ever
changing tints as the sunlight is reflected
from the shining leaves, awakens in them
no thought but the value of the timber
contained therein. Buch men see only the
gold in the majestic mountain peaks and
the money ralue of the flocks and herds
grazing in the green pastures."
Truth he thought beautiful in contrast
with falsehood, and believed the nearer
one comes to truth in such degree one ap
• nroaches the beautiful, and that tbe man
with the love of God in his heart is never
blind to the glories of nature.
A free discussion followed the reading
of the paper. By many it was heartily
commended, and criticized by a few*.
Rev. John Currie then dwelt at nome
length on his work as an evangelist. Visi
tors at this meeting were the Rev. Mr.
Taylor of Santa Cruz, the Rev. Mr. Cross
of Saratoga and tne Rev. Mr. Goodsell of
Lodu
The Presbyterian Ministerial Fnion of
this City was entertained at the Board of
Foreign Missions on Sacramento street by
Professor Josiah Keep of Mil!" Seminary,
who read a paper entitled "The Natural
ists' Psalm." The paper had reference to
Psalm CiV, and was listened to intently
. by all present.
Tlie essayists spoke of the poetic fervor
and love of nature with which David was
imbued, the geological manifestations, up
heavals and great changes made in the
preparation of the earth for its inhabi
tants, and ended his dissertation as fol
lows:
"In the sunshine, in the mountain, in
the grove, in the pca — in all of these let us
recoenize frequently the workings of Je
hovah. Let nature be studied with a de
vout and joyful spirit. Let these thouchts
lead us to be glad and sing praise while we
have any being, and may our meditations
•be sweet both to ourselves and to him,
whose we are and whom we serve."
Dr. C. C. Herriott of Minneapolis fol
lowed with a discussion of the Bible and
biblical institutions. He said he desired
to found here an institution similar to the
Chicago biblical institution.
The idea was very favorably commented
upon, and a week from Monday wa* named
as the day on which the union would be
pleased to have him elucidate his views on
the suoject and to consider vis proposi
tion.
Rev. Dr. Farrand of the "Howard Presby
terian Church stated tbat next Monday
would be "quizz" day, and the meeting
would be under the diretion of Rev. Mr.
■ Jenks, associate pastor of the First Presby
terian Church.
The Methodist preachers' meeting in the
German lecture hall of the Y. M. C. A.
feuilding was enlivened with an address by
Major iilackhurst, who spoke on the nevv
Volunteer movement in the Salvation
Army.
He said the intention is to reach the
masses outside the pale of Christian influ
ence, and in this they expect to be as ag
gressive as in the old movement.
Then he explained the cause of the se
cession ard emphatically stated that the
Volunteers are not antagonistic to the
Army proper, and that there is
no unfriendly spirit existing between the
two.
"The property of tie Volunteers," he
rontinued, "is not to be centralized in one
man, but will be incorporated and become
distinctly an American institution."
An appeal by letter from Mr. Nardi, one
of the Italian missionaries in this City,
was read, asking for assistance in his la
bors. The following resolution was offered
by Rev. Dr. J. D. Hammond and was
unanimously adopted :
Retolvert, That the president be requested to
write Bishop Newman sotting forth the neces-
Fity:of theltalian work in California, and urg
ing an appropriation by the missionary board
for the work.
Reports were made concerning the col
lections made to pay up the debts of the
home and foreign missionary societies.
The collections aggregated a considerable
sum.
Then followed a general discussion of
cbnrch topics in which most of the pastors
of the bay district participated.
AGAINST THE CHARTER.
The Municipal Reform League
Advises Citizens to Make
Haste Slowly.
Arguments Directed /gainst tbe In.
trodactioi of One-Man Power
Into C;ty Government.
The following communication from the
Municipal Reform League has been re
ceived :
To the Citizen* of San FrancUeo: Whenever
Infamous acts of public officials demonstrate
their incompetency or venality the question Is
- asked— What are you going to do about it?
Recently the Supervisors, sitting as a Board
of Equalization, have reduced the assessment
.■ of the corporations. Spring Valley Water
('omoanv's nx-esament has been reaured by
them from $4,405,534 to $3,405,534. Market
street Railway Comoany'ii assessment from
(9,407,893 to $4,907,305, and other corpora
tions have been iavored in like proportion.
This has been done in the face of tbe fact
that the Spring Valiev Company was granted
by thu eiice board the privilege of chargio*
rates which yield them $1,700,000 per year on I
S?l e ss n t U han|£oofow re for OP*"" 1 "* ci enseß !
Irr^ ar , aUer >' ca u r in February the Supervisors
nn . I em * uthorit y to tax this City for water
*"oo£?™ hIC V iU nel them 6 P er cent on
°°°. and year after yes r the same
o»h^ c " em but *» .000.000" t054.000,000.
Other companies which enjoy special privi
wfth . fng the P ubllc streets are treated
whir same outra geous favoritism.
« hat are you going to do about ii?
for ;K arag «° the civic federation was agitating
? forcemenl of the law requiring the
their P^lli companies to put fenders on
imn «i" i The reault was that the Supervisors
immediately repealed the law, which imposed
PenaUy>and substituted one which re
r^T.fit. f.^^-railroad companies from any
smft.ll1 7 i lll - lhey (tne Supervisors) selected a
suitable , device— and no suitable device has
r£,n« elected by the Supervisors— and the
companies are relieved of all responsibility or
Rh££? r . of P rose cution. The same men are
RDout to rant a franchise to the Geary-street
££ fi Company years in advance of "the ex
p.ration oi the present franchise.
what are you going to do about it? .
th»^ l i ce L s a day of reckoning is coming, and
men God help the associated villains who. all
over this land, are debauching our institu
tions, as plutocracy has always done in every
nation and In all times. But meantime, while
we are striving for better conditions for. the
real producers of wealth, we can manliest our
1 love for our City and our country by exerting
our influence for the speedy enactment of!
measures which will cure this national
ana municipal disease, and to that
cn d we should work for a charter
which will give the people power to review
and authoritatively decide by vote whether
the acts of their representatives shall stand or
not. In other words the cure for the misrep
resentation of the people by their representa
tives Is the referendum, which is the brief way
of expressing the principle that important
measures shall be submitted, to the people.
Any act which a certain number petition to
be submitted to the electors should be put to
the popular vote.
The people should have the right to dis
cbarge untatisfactory servants. Whenever a
certain number of citizens petition for the
discharge of an official the question should be
submitted to the people. This is what is
called the imperative mandate.
It is exasperating to those who love right
and justice to know that we are now bound by
unyielding systems, which are so framed and
so complicated that we must submit to wrong
because the wrongdoers cannot be reached in
a lawful manner by the people whom they be
tray. And it is still more disheartening to see
those who seem to wish to advance our City's
welfare urging San Franciscans to adopt the
proposed new charter, which has been framed
on the old lines which have proven ineffect
ive. Under the proposed charter the people
would have no redress for acts such as those
aoove referred to.
If the proposed charter is adopted the As
sessor ana Supervisors can engage in the same
kind of nefarious work and— What are you
going to do about it? will still be the head
lines of the daily papers.
The peace, happiness and safety of the peo
ple depends upon the faithful execution of
their will, ana there is no excuse for any
other condition In a republic. Many, how
ever, realize that unscrupulous men are fash
ioning our laws in their own interest, and that
they are creating conditions which will in
volve us in a serious struggle for existence
and for tae supremacy of the masses. At this
time we urge our lellow-cltizens to thought
fully consider the situation and decide whether
it will be better to secure for San Francisco
a charter which is based upon the principle of
great power in one man's hands or one which is
I founded upon the principle of the true de
mocracy. >*o Instances can be given of good
coming from the carrying out of the one-man
power principle. It is an unwise and danger
ous measure. The proposed new charter is
built upon the principle of concentration of
| power in the Mayor's hands in defiance to all
precedents of the growth of good government
aud freedom.
If it should be adopted amendments would
be very difficult to obtain, because it wouid be
necessary '•
First— To elect a Board of Supervisors favor
able to desired changes.
Second— lf .The Mayor disapproved it would
require nine votes of the Supervisors to over
rule him.
. Third— Three-fifths of the electors must vote
in favor of amendments.
Fourth— All amendments must pass both
houses of the State Legislature. Therefore,
fellow-citizens, do not vote for this charter,
which will leave you still in the power of a
few men. In almost all the cities of the
Nation men are misusing their official posi
tions Decause the people have not the power
to control or remove them, and it would be
just the same uuder the proposed charier.
if it i- defeated another more progressive
charter can be formulated. Let us wait until
we can get a document which will extend our
control over public servants and thus can dis
honesty be stopped. This charter now offered
to you is a very careless revision of the one
you rejected in 1887. ' .
Municipal Reform Leagtti:.
J. E. Scott, President.
P. J. Healt, Secretary.
FOR THE NEW CHARTER.
The Merchants' Association Willing to
Enlighten the Labor Council.
The members of the Merchants' Asso
ciation evidently believe that the dale
gates to the San Francisco Labor Council
are not all fully informed upon the new
charter question, or there would not have
been any hesitation in appointing dele
gates to the charter convention. In order
that the council may be more enlightened,
if itde3irc3 to be, the following has been
forwarded :
Son Francisco Labor Council. City—Gentle
men: It appears from the reported proceed
ings of your Labor Council that a division of
opinion exists regarding the new charter; and
definite action, therefore, has been postponed
until your next meeting in the appointment
of two delegates to the charter convention,
called by the Merchants' Association for
August 12.
Sincerely believing that the adoption of the
new charter will prove of decisive advantage
to the wording people of t>an Francisco, and
that none of tbe objections so fur advanced
should sway your council against it, 1 take the
liberty of respectfully suggesting that your
final decision will only be made after a
thorough discussion and consideration of the
exact provisions of the charier.
During the past seven months I have made a
careful and impartial study of this proposed
organic law to ascertain exactly its merits and
demerits, as well as its comparative value
with the present consolidation act and the
more modern municipal governments in the
United States and Europe. The labor involved
in these researches has been for the sole put
pose of arriving at a correct and honest conclu
sion upon the new charter. For this special
work I have neither asked nor received com
pensation from any source, and as no officer,
director or employe of the Merchants' Associa
tion is a candidate for any office in the gift of
the people I expect no reward other than the
consciousness ox having performed the duty of
a citizen.
No problem is fraught with such serious con
sequences to tbe present and Suture genera
tions -of our people as the formation of an
organic law. The workingmen of San Fran
elMO and the Labor Council have often hon
ored me with their confidence, and it would
now be an act of ingratitude on my. part, at
this critical moment, to withhold my humble
services in assisting you to the right decision
upon this fundamental law. Should your
Labor Council therefore desire an address or
debate upon the new charter, under such rules
as you may prescribe, I am at your command.
Sincerely jours, , J. Richard Freud.
FOR SLASHING A HORSE.
Warrant Cut for the Arrest of Mrs.
Charles Mitchell.
W. J. McMullen of 222 Xinth «treet
swore to a complaint in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday charging Mrs. Charles
Mitchell of Sweeneys alley with cruelty to
animals. The warrant was placed in the
hands of Policeman Coleman to serve, but
on going to the Mitchell residence he
found that Mrs. Mitchell had tied — at least
she could not be found.
Mrs. Mitchell is the woman who slashed
a horse in the neck with a razor on
Eighth street, near Folsom, on Saturday
night. The horse belonged to E. V. Sul
livan and was being driven by McMullen
when it Knocked down Mrs. Mitchell's
boy. The woman in a fit of passion
rushed at McMullen with a razor, Dnt he
evaded her onslaught. Then sne siathed
the neck of the horse, severing tbe jugular
vein.
A Park Accident.
(iabriel Frank baa sued J. English for $5000
damages for injuries sustained by reason of
an accident in Golden Gate Park on June 29,
1896. A team driven by English collided with
the vehicle in which Frank was riding, throw
ing ths latter out. breaking his nasal bone
and otherwise injuring him.
Sued on a Note.
Max Austrian has begun suit against
Schacht, Lemcke & Steiner to recover f 1600
said to be due on promissory notes.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
TfIESAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JLJLI L'», i»yti.
FRATERNITIES
AVOID DANGER,
Level Assessments Cannot
Longer Sustain Organ
izations.
NEW PLANS INTRODUCED
Grand Recorder Hirshberg of
the A. 0. U. W. Talks of
Classified Assessments.
NEW BOADS TO PERPETUITY
What the Chosen Friends, the Knights
of Honor and the Royal Arcanum
Have Already Done.
Nearly all of the fraternal beneficiary or
ganizations are being met with the start
ling question, Can they exist much longer
under the present system?
More than a quarter of a century ago,
when Bach organizations sprang into ex
istence, it was the idea of the founders
that by the payment of a certain amount
of money in monthly installments, "the
level rate," as it was called, sufficient
could be raised to warrant the individual
association in paying a stated amount to
tbe widow, orphans or near relatives of a
deceased member. It was the impression
that as death carried away members the
vacancies would be filled by new members
and that the number of assessments would
vary but little each year. The expectation
was not realized as to the replenishment
oy new members, and a result was that
there came an increase in the number of
assessments, and finally a rule was adopted
that only a certain amount could be col
lected yearly, and that should be usea for
the payment of death claims. When,
however, there was an excess of deaths in
I the jurisdiction and there was not money
enough collected by the limited as<««>«s
mants to meet all the claims, the deficit
was made up from the general body of the
order by a general per capita tax, and in
that way all the obligations were met.
This, however, has been found not to be
as successful as was anticipated, and now
the various organizations, as their mem
bers are advancing in ape, are considerine
the beet plans to retain and increase mem
bership, and at the same time make tbe
assessments equitable and not onerous.
One of the great questions that occupied
the attention of the fraternal congress re
cently held was that of graded or classified
assessments, and the almost unanimous
opinion was that ?uch a plan would be
the only means of keeping up the life of
each organization.
The first organization to make a radical
change was the Order of Chosen Friends,
which adopted what is now known as "the
Morse plan," devised by Supreme Coun
cilor Morse of New York City. Whon this
was put into operation in the latter part
of last year many of the members who had
been in the association for many years,
indignant that assessments should be in
creased on account of age. dropped their
membership, and found themselves with
out protection, as they were too old to
join other organizations or were unable to
pass an examination before a medical
examiner. Many of the** are now seek
ing to be reinstated. This order has a
membership of more than 40.000. and since
its foundation in 1879 has disbursed more
than $10,000,000 to beneficiaries.'
The Royal Arcanum at the last Supreme
Council session discussed the matter of
change of assessments and referred the
matter to a committee topresent a plan at
the next session. This has a membership
of 170.000 and ha« paid in benefits nearly
$33,000,000. Tbe Knights of Honor .with a
membership of over 121 000. and which has
disbursed more than $52,000,000 since its
organization in 1873. has within a few
weks changed its manner of assessments
and is now working under a graded plan,
and now the Ancient Order of United
I Workmen, one of the oldest and largest
j numerically in the United States, has
fallen into line and has at the recently
held session in Buffalo, N. V., changed the
method of assessment and adopted a new
plan which will shortly be put into opera
tion. This order wa* founded in 1868, has
a membership of 345,000. and it has dis
bursed in death benefits $59,000,000.
David S. Hirshberg. grand recorder, who
was a dek gate from this State to the Su
preme Lodge, in discussing the new plan,
said: "This legislation in regard to assess
ments is tbe most important ever had in
tbe order. The table of rates has already
been published in the fraternal columns
of The Call. The rates are not as some
people believe, graded. In the plan
adopted by the A. O. U. W. the advance is
made every five years up to the age of 55,
when the increase ceases ana the rate re
mains tbe same after that.
"All Grand Lodge separate jurisdictions
that have received relief under the law for
the years 1894 and 1895 and shall receive
relief under that law for 1896, whose maxi
mum is now twenty-four or over, shall
now adopt this plan as a condition prece
dent to relief after the year !«!*?.
"An application of the classified rates as
adopted for the jurisdiction of California,
if the «ame had been in operation for the
year 1895, would have produced $547.
--738 06, or $17,738 06 more than the liabil
ity incurred for 265 death losse* for that
year. The jurisdiction would have been
in a jiosition to discharge its own obliga
tions and would not have been an appli
cant for relief. Members under 54 years
would hove paid an excess over their lia
bility of $88,918 40, whereas those of 5/> ana
over* would not have discharged the'r obli
gations by $71,180 32, which would have
been paid, however, by the excess pay
ments made by those 54 years old and un
der and would still have left an excess of
$17,738 06.
"The maximum number of assessments
under the classified rate will be twelve;
that is to say one assessment per month,
provided the death losses of tbe jurisdic
tion necessitate that number of assess
ments. If by introduction of new members
in the lower ages and a generally increased
membership the obligations of the juris
diction can be discharged with a less num
ber of assessments than twelve the officers
will not be required to levy assessments
beyond the number required to meet the
obligations. Should there be a deficiency
after the levy of the twelve assessments
such deficiency will be met under an appli
cation of the relief law as at present exist
ing.
"It is to be noticed that under the cla«
silied rate sufficient money is provided to
discharge the obligations for each group
of ages, and those below tbe meridian of
age contribute an amount in advance of
their mortuary cost to equalize the cost of
those above the meridian. To prevent
excessive cost to the members in the older
ages who have been in membership for
many years, and as a proper exemplifica
tion of the fraternal element of the insti
tution, these and the younger ages supply
the deficiency, and if any remaining de
ficiency exists, which is unlikely, it is
provided for through the application of
the relief law.
"An application to all the jurisdictions
of the rates referred to has been made by
dividing the members into groups of five
years, and sufficient money is realized in
every case to justify the predictions of the
beneficial commission that alter a long and
careful investigation recommended the
plan adopted.
"The investigations of the commission
left the conclusion that the old plan of the
Ancient Order United Workmen is supe
rior to that of any in use ; but grave doubts
existed as to being able to perpetuate tbe
order under the level rate of assessments.
The perpetuity of the order was the con
trolling motive of tne commission, coupled
with that of placing tbe order on a com
petitive basis. These results have happily
been mathematically and scientifically
worked out."
RIGHTS OF WOMEN.
They Wish for Their Fair Share of Gold
and 6ilver— Also to Vote.
"The Silver Question" was to nave been
the feature of yesterday's session of the
Pacific Coast Women's Press Association
and William H. Mills was announced to
lead the discussion, but "circumstances
alter cases.' ' Silver was virtually ignored,
in consequence of the failure of Mr. Mills
to appear. The star of the gathering was
Miss Susan B. Anthony and tbe burden of
all the discussion was woman suffrage.
President Mrs. Ada H. Van Pelt was in
the chair, with Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper
seated upon her right and Miss Anthony
upon her left. It was a modern triumvi
rate for the promotion of woman's rights.
After songs by Edwin Thornton, accom
panied on the piano by Miss Mattie Capell.
and Mrs. Eva Wren accompanied by Miss
Mabel Hussey, the president introduced
Miss Antbony.
"All I know concerning silver," she
said, "i 9 that we women do not get our
fair share of it, neither do we of gold.
Consequently, Jwe don't care one iota if
the finances of the countrvbe placed upon
a basis of »old or silver. What we wish is a
just share of whatever money is current."
Miss Anthony at this point dropped tne
further consideration of National finances
and ran ou, in her characteristic way, ad
vocating woman suffrage. She said tbat
platforms of all political parties contained
planks recognizing tne rights of women.
It did not, accordingly, matter materially
which one succeeded, but what tne women
should do was to take the stump in the
coming campaign and advocate constitu
tional amendment 11, giving women the
ballot.
Miss Mabel Ilussey reciwd, in effective
style, a tale from Browning, and was suc
ceeded by Miss Ida Harper, Colonel P. T.
Dickinson and Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper in
brief addresses upon the social and politi-.
cal rights of women.
Benefit to Charles B. Cook.
A long bill of attractions has been prepared
for the testimonial performance to Charles E.
Cook which will take place in the Macdonough
Theater next Tuesday evening. Among those
who will appear will be Tyudall, the mind
reader and hypnotist ; Swiunerton ; Miss Mar
caret Craven ana Mr. Francis Powers in the
balcony scene from ' -Romeo and Juliet"; Miss
Freda Galllck and Mr. Louis Butler In "The
Silent System"; Master George Enos, toe boy
soprano ; Martin Pache in operatic selections;
Frank Doane and Amy Lee in their funny spe
cialties; Richard Karl in operatic selections,
and also others. A feature of the benent will
be a prize cake-walk, one of the prizes for
which is announced to be a mammoth prize
cake. Talent for the cake-walk can enter free.
HKW TO-DAY.
How to Make
Your Life Happy
fUsjain the Vigor and Energy of Man- j
hood— Make Yonr Nerves Strong,
Your Eye Bright and Your Heart j
Joyous With Dr. Sanden 1 * Klectrii '
Belt.
' '^"-< P^' A """"""^
You feel that the world is growing
brighter around you when your nerves
tingle and blaze with animal magnetism.
Get back what you have lost. Be a man
aeain. Look .your friends in the face, and
know that you are not, ashamed of your
condition.
No man need be weak. .In nature there
is vitality for every man, and if yon will
use Dr. Jen's' Electric Belt you will
get it.
"1 would lik* to add my testimony to th»
numerous others in possession of Dr. San-
' den'n Electric Belt Co. I purchased a
stronj-power Belt from Dr. Sanden about
the Ist of April, which I used according; to
directions, and after ; three months I am
happy to state that my varicocele, which
was of twelve years' standing, is almost
entirely disappeared, my' testicles being
almost normal. I take great pleasure in
recommending the Belt to any one suffer-
ing from varicocele." W. E. JOHNS, 1139
Market street, San Francisco.
Imagine the gratitude of the main. whose
memory, quickness of thought, and sharp'
understanding has ; been restored. iThai
world is brighter to him.
, "I bought your Belt three weeks ago for
kidney and bladder trouble. • I had pre-
vious to that time been laid up In bed for
five weeks. ,My trouble came on me la«
March, and on many occasions I was so bad
that I was confined to my bed. The third
time I put your Belt on I found relief, and i
have kept improving ever since. I will take
preat pleasure in recommending your
Belt." W. T. MEYERS, 135 East Twenty-
fourth street, Los Angeles, Cal.
- You may be a strong , man :in ; muscular
power. Yon m'-yjook' healthy, but ; you'
know that ati men. are not as strong as
they look. -You may be weak in vital force.
You may need the tonic building up which
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt gives. It •will
not fail you.
'.': Dr. Sa'nden* s Belt, ■ sending a strong,
even current of electricity through .. the
whole body; saturates all the weak parts
with ' its " life, develops and expands ; the
Vital energies, and makes manhood com-
plete. It checks all waste of power in
from ten to twenty days.
' Dr. Sanden's ' celebrated worit, "Three
Classes of Men," will be sent, closely
sealed, free upon application. It gives
full information and price-list. ,
SANDEN, ELECTRIC CO.,
680 Market Street, San Frnnclsco,' '■
Opposite Palace HoteL Office hours: «1 a. m. to
B:bUP. if.- Sundays. 10 to 1.
Consultation Fr«« and Invited.
, - O FFICES .ATi
LOS ANGELES, CAW I PORTLAND, OR-
•04 boata Broadway. I ; 253 Washington street.
45 SBOTWELL ST.JSEA& FOURTEENTH
MODERN HOUSE, 8 ROOMS AND BATH. IN
first-class order, with stable; suitable for Phy-
sician. Apply io O. H. UMB«EN a CO.,
. « ; li Montgomery street.
When writing for further particulars to any of the Jifealth or Pleasure Resorts in these columns
kindly mention the CtfjCjC.
TBE BARTLEH
SPRINGS
AYE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
-*-*- being one of the wondebs of tbe world, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in searca °> uiiAiTH, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate in Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TAJfK.
A Positive Care for Rheumatism. Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS 810 TO 816 PER WEEK.
Two Route* to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and N. P. Railway. .
Address ail correspondence to BART LETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 32 Fourth street, S. F., or
Bartleu Springs, Lake County, Cal.
_ :
r^^AlS The Beantifttl
fi^iiiiil HOTEL
•^^^^^ VEKDOME
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more lnvltln?
than now. Newly painted Inside and out. In the
center of its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments, it is enjoy deserved patronage and
prosperity.
GEO. P. SNELL*, Manager.
R ! ft B C/B I I Monterey coun-
■»' 1 1 KJ f 1 S I I tr. Cal. - The
UHIEJI J\ 9 I Carlsbad ot
1 fl 1 America - For j
■■■■"■■ ?""^ healtb.reat.pleos- .
' ore, . climate, accommodations, scenery, flower |
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hail for families.
Paraiso stands unsurpassed in the .-ta:e. Plenty
enjoyment fur young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a. M.
daily, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, *8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postofflee. For
illustrated pamphlets and special Inducements for I
1096. address K. ROBERTSON, Manager.
MPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's lamoui - Mountain Spa!
iUvk You Bern These Latkly:
— ~_
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate onsnr-
passed. Views masnifisent. Table supplied from i
orchanl and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold !
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Pauoflice. .
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New improvement* every
year. Gas and running water in every room- ■ He- !
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. Au Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' dellgnt; husbands' rest.
.Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napu Soda springs
p. o. ;
WHEN ITkfIAH
VISITING • U A n
, BTOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
W. H. FOKSE Si SONS, PROPRIETORS.
mHIR 13 THKNEWKST, LARGEST AND BEST
. i hotel In [ Ukiah, and It is headquarters for
tourists.
Stages to all resorts ■ and other places arrive at !
| find depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from
; ail trains. Bagsage transferred free of charge. . -
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA BAY, SrrUATKD ON CLEAR LARK,
is most picturesque. soda Spring is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
It throws out dally, amounting to over 1,000,00 i
gallons. | Hunting, fishing, boating and swimming :
are unsurpassed anywhere. A tine bar has jus:
. been opened. The table is supplied with the very
' best the market afford*, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Fred
; camping , grounds. a coach will connect with tha
: daily atajre from Pieta and Highland ' Springs,
i Adams, teiicler, Bluo Lakes and .-ara;o;a. Para
from San Francisco. $3 50: roun I trip. $10. Spe-
I cial rates for tamll*<>i O. B. WYATT, proprietor. '
Bodaßajr. K>-isrv vllle. Lake County. Caf.
■
fl XT 1 ft ft (1 noT SPRINGS. Sonoma
1 V If n 111 1 V bounty, only XVi hours from
\J\ 1 1 It IT an lr«ii) clseo; bat 9 miles
I I Ivriiiljll Btagihi;: new road, through
«**»*•*** vi *J canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbing: natural temperature of water 130 s Kahr.
of wonderful curative properties; nofosp.or disa-
, greeable winds: mosquiioa and other annoyin?
: insocta unknown. Take Tiburon • ferry at 7:30
i a. K. or 3:30 p. if. Bound-trip ticket only $5.50.
i Telephone and teleeraph, dally mail and express.
Rates a week: baths free.
. . J. F. MULQRKW. Proprietor.,
CASP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, ; Bcrtrand's HoteJ, riarin Co., Cal.
F. 1 . 11 ''-CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS: de-
-L llghtful climate for camping: danclnsr pavilion,
i croquet and lawn tennis; fine trout . flsainjr, bath-
! tog and swlmminc: splendid drives to Bear Val-
j ley; poatoffice. express, telegraph and liver* at
: both hotels: terms $$ and $la per week.
VICTOK W. KRAU.S3, Manager
JOS. F. BEItTRAND, Proprietor
City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays," 2to 4 p it. ;
LTTTtiN SPRINGS^
SOXO3IA COUXTY, V . • : .7
AN IDEAL PLACK. FOR HEALTH. ; REST
AND PLEABURE: r.o staging; Wmnefrom
station. The only genuine Seltrer Springs In the
Vnlted States and the celebrated Lvtton Geyser
Soda springs. Wonderful curative properties.
Table nrst-class. Send for circulars. »-""w
ASTORG SFRHG_M_HERAL WATER.
THE FOUNTAIN OF 'PERPETUAL YOUTH-
X cures most any disease of long ' standing: cured '
hundreds; recommended by thousands in four
months In this city: no agents. A. AKTOHO, 108
Fifth st., sole proprietor. The greatest medicinal
and curative water in California. ■
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
IN THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ
JL Mountains: hot and cold magnetic baths: hunt-
ing and fishing; cottages tor families; stage meets
morning . train: terms $8 up. Address JOSEPH
LIN Da JB V, Glen wood.' CaL
HAZEL^GLEN.
pOOD PLAIN.*. BO A D IN ; PRIVATE • FAM-
VJ lly five miles fromClOTerdale; rates moderate.
Inquire of MRS. T. M<">LLKR, Cloverdale, or P.
- J.HRai,y, £oy Powell .'. ., .
6ILROY HOT SPRINGS
A Place Where the Invalid Can Surely
Regain Health— Where the Tourist
May.Kegale Himself Upon
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery,
Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
ltest, Kefreghment and .Relaxation. '•- ,
A Mecca for the Animal Seeker After
Repose and Recuperation.
A Rural Retreat, Where the Adjacent
Hills Are Clothed In (Garments *
of Matchless Glory,
Where the Ogre Malaria Never Lift* His
Ghastly Head and Where the Waters
of Healing Four Freely From
>'ature T ii Own Fountain.
TAKE 8:15 A. M. OR 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
Third and Townsend streets, 3% hours from
Ban Francisco. Fare, $7 15 for round trip.
MS" Stage connects with train Irom Third ani
Towuaend streets.
ROOP & SON, Proprietors.
/ETNA SPRINGS
There is healing in the waters (for rhpumatism,
malaria, nervousness, dyspepsia, diabetes, etc.):
there Is life in the air. ."Suiinmlnc-tant, tub Mid
steam baths, floe hotel, amusements. Rates, $10
to 914. 'lake 7 a.m. H. F. train for St. Helena:
staxe connects at 10 a. St. Unlimited round-trip
tickets. »7. Particulars at 318 Battery, or W. L.
MITCHELL. Lldell P. P.. Napa County, Cal.
GO TO DUNCAN SPRINGS,
TWO MILES FROM HOPLAND. MKNDOCINO
-I County, for your health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mineral waters in the State. Fine elec-
tric and mineral baths; new modern hotel; 250
feet above the valley; fine view. Furnished cot-
tapes to rent. Plenty of amusements. Free ous
to 7:30 train from San Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms. *10 per week.
O. HO WELL, President
Telephone at Postoffice. ;
CAPITOLA.
iggSg^brgg! GEM RESORT.
'"'." "Btiß^'^jjjjjyj 4 Mil«s F.aat of
iiTi-'iiTiajAiiJlfWßra Santa Cruz.
f ddBjJJM-ziErL- Hotel at water's edge:
K ~*'Sacc^sJtStfee<H»- furnished and partly
■_^ d f I iii d cottages : free
~~"^ ' t w& • camp ground; salmon
T * * and trout fishing.
' " ir.iiKANIKK, Snpt.,
1 . Capltola. Cal.
BOCA HOTEL
Boca, G«».l,
HEADQUARTERS FOR FISHERMEN AND
their . families. Excellent table and newlv-
fitted rooms. Dally stage leaves hotel for LAKE
INDEPENDENCE, the "Queen of Mountain
Lakes.'' For information address ■
J AS. McDOXALI), Boca, Cal. :
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognized Family Summer Resort
; in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Health, pleasure, swimming;, fishing and bunt-
ine. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir, Mace at Madrone every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train Raving the City at 8:15 a. m.
.'- ' .- ■■- VIC PONCELET, Llamas. CaL
PLANTATION HOUSE.
18 niles from Cazadero, on Stage Line.
GOOD TROUT FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
JOSEPH LUTi'RINGEK. >*aview, Sonoma Co.,
• or apply KKUSK & CO., 207 Front St., San Fran-
cisco, for particulars.
JOHANNISBERC
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Including the
. • , GREAT WING CANYON.
Iron Springs, Lakes, Bowling • Alley. Splendid
place for Hunting, Swimming, Boating and
Fishing. Elevation nearly 1200 feet.
- Best Climate for Asthma.
SPECIAL COTTAQKS for CAMPERS. Convey^
ances every Wednesday and Saturday from Napa,
after the arrival of the morning train. TERMS
REASONABLE. Make your engagements before-
hand. Address WALTER METZ, Napa City. Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL.
"DECREATION, REST AND HOME FOR IN-
XV vallds. consisting of large main building, cot-
tai?»-« and tents on mountainside overlooking Napa
Valley. Sieam heat, elevator, call bells and night-
; watch service: Massage, electricity, medicated
' and sieam baths are among the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moun
' tain walks : »re atnon* the - amusements. ■ ."lire
water, air and a 'beautiful climate. -Accommoda-
tions first class. Rates reasonable, Send for circular.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, Cat. •■'•-■
CNDKUSKW MANAGKMRXT.
RATES «2 TO $'1 60 PER DA V, 98 TO $14 PER
week: all baths tree. ...
W. It. HARRON. Proprietor.
McMATH'S.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA. THE OPEN
X) season for deer begins July 16. and those I who
; wish to have a good hunt and trout ashing time
' and a general good outing should visit or address
A. B. McMATH. Hull vilfe. Lake Co., via Dkiah.
Potter Valley daily stage; can stop at the house
or camp In mountains. Terms reasonable.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
L\KK COUNTS".
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
X year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at Southern PacfPc offices, *10: special
conveyance dally.* For inforn Atlon address JOHN
BPAULDINO, Selgler Springs, Lake County, CaL
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
: T AXE CO.— MOST BEAUTIFUL SUMMER
i -Lj resort in State: 8 different springs: good fish-
ing and hunting; accommodations first-class; rates
10 per week and upward: table unexcelled; hard-
! finished rooms and cottages. J. MARTENS, Bach-
j elor P. 0., Lake Co., CaL
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
ti Prices within the reach of all. Positive cure for
Rheumatism, Gout, scrofula, Disease* of Kidneys
! and Bladder and alt Urinary Diseases mau Is heir
! to. *'or rates and fare apply to - • . ■
W. J. O'XKIIjL, 133 Sixth St.
BLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT.
VKW HOTEL, NOW -OPEN; MANY NEW
; Xi : improvements for the entertainment of guests:
• the pavilion built over the water; naphtha launch,
i etc.; good fishing and hunting: . Address CARL
; MEYER, Bertha P. 0., Lake to. Do not address
! Blue Lakes. ;,, . -  .... .... ;,
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
SUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE: PLEASANT
O rooms: large grounds; fruit and Cowers. Ad
' drat* P. O, box -J-ti.
SASTA CATALISI ISLAM.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
ZAUN'S telegraph pigeon service daily, con-
. necting the island with the wires of the world.
TT NEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
: *-/ coast excursions, tally-ho staging, wild goat
j homing, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
, cinq, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Uotei
Metropoie now open, Island Villa in July.
For full information, illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to .
WILMINUTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
'Z'i'i Sooth Spring st., Los Angeles, CaL
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BKSWICK. SjISKIYOD COLNTV. CAL., A
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mad and
sulphur baths. .
i EPSON BROS., Proprietors.
HO. HUNTERS FOR BAKHEDRIN
I XI Heights: 30 miles from Ukiah: the sports-
-1 man's Mecca and ladles' rest and delight; wild
■ picturesque scenery: ice-cold water; over 4000-
-; loot aitituae; among the pines; saddle-horses,
guides, ecu; best of tables; good beds: hot, cold
j and steam baths; city references and particulars
; on application; room and board $1 per day. L. B.
\ A SI E It. manager; address £anhedrin. Lake
I County, CaL
j "PIVERSIDK RANCH— THE BANKS OF
j XV Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
i docino County: round trip, 89 75 from San Fran-
. Cisco: nsbln?, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. . Terms, $7 per week. Excellent table:
i milk, fruit, vegetables raised on tbe ranch. T. J.
I GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendoclno County.
TJOTEL DEL MAR-ON THE SEASHORE; 30
I XX minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
I feet; table unexcelled: surf bathing: sailing, row-
. ins, fishing; buses meet all trains; children, %l
| to $5 per week; adults, $9 per week; special rate^
i to societies and families. Address MANAGER
I HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cal., or room aft
I Maze building. S. F. s -
HOTEL VICTORIA, SOXORA, CAL,, THE
gem of the mountains, famed for its equable
! and salubrious climate; near nature's won-
! derland: altitude 1985 feet; the pleasure and
I health seekers' paradise; the accommodations of
| the Hotel Victoria will be found of the highest
! order; rates $10 to $15 per west JOHN C MOR-
' RISO.N, lessee.
T B ELMO NT, SAN MAT Em COUNTY,
board for summer months: private family;
! beautiful grounds; large rooms: 3 minutes from
| station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. II AN.SEN.Belmonu
i "OROOKSIDE FRUIT FARM; FIXE SHADE:
I X) plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
accommodations. Address Brookslde, Napa.
NITA VILLA, WRIGHTS', SANTA CRUZ
Mountains— Fine family resort. J. HAEs-
TERS, proprietor. ■ : ■-•* - '
BAZAAR
A I SPECIAL
HARD SALE
TIMES THIS
IDEA WEEK
ijotucfpom \ ■ 1
22c 1 I
\ V"- 'T* J/Hqrtana
/ IP C C V»
( '■ _) Asfi to
KITCHEN WARE
ONE WEEK ONLY.
Regular - One Week
Price., Price.
3c 1 All fe-lzes P.e or Jelly Cake Pans.. | 3c
5i. 35 I No. B Galvanized Iron Wash Boiler | 94c
• 1.85 | 8-Qt. Steel Tea Kettle | 640
6l»c | 8-Qt. Japanned Sprinklers. | S!?a
gQo ! 2-Qt. Tin Coffee Boiler | 9c
35c | Extra Heavy Tin Wash Basin | 140
30c | Family Cullender | 140
4Oc ! 7-Q r - Heavy Tin Sauce Pan 5....... | 17c
40c 1 1-GallonOU Cans; | 170
»1.10 Fluted Podding Moulds | 43c
20c 1 2-lb. Tea and Coffee Canisters | 9o
And LOTS MOKE Equally Low. ~
CpSMOPOXiITAKT.
I Opposite U. & Mint, 100 and 103 riftli gt. Hi*
i rancisco, CaL— The moss select family hotsl ta
the city. Board ani room. »L, *1 25 masK $1 5J M(
•lay according to room. Meals 25a ttooma, JJj
and 760 *.?** *" Jfteeooactt to * ai from wiaotsi.
Look for the coacu bearing ma name ot ths Ua*
mopoutaa HoteL , , Wit JiAHAiV. yrOflri^M^
Belts for $30.
'■• °*-. frM Old-fashioned and poorly
eS^fc-S^S^-^ffffij made, can be had by pay-
I fflstML'-^S _~ ' r -K - v °ur money to elecinc
Itt7v- J^R^5V:-r hett -quacks" • and travel-
- '~?£V>~^ V ' '•I"«W I For >a. first-
.'.<* <WJT '' '■■' class article at reasanabl*
"*«« ' I'"cc write or call forfrea
■•wad, lUir* and to\uUx floors, Saa knaeiKo.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
PVMMAKY OF THE MAEKKTS.
Silver unchanged.
bpot Wheat steady.
Choice Barley well held.
Oats, Corr. and Rye dull.
Hay depressed by excessive receipt*.
Feedstuffa unchanged.
Beans still neglected.
Potatoes doing bettei.
Onions unchanged.
Batter firm, but quiet.
Cheese and ranch Eggs firm.
Poultry nominal.
Vegetables in large supply.
Prunes steadily advancing.
Good Apricots getting scarce.
Berries cheat) as u»u»l.
Provisions unchanged.
Gram Bags firm.
some kinds of Sugar lower.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with -he wind. The top flgnres
a station indicate rnnxinium temperature for the
days; those underneath it, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted si:ow in inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hiKh" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accomuanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" nsi ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
anu low alone the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
wenther may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition!
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
Ukited States DEPABTm?>TT or AGBictrir
TrKK. Weathkb lirREAU, San' Fbakcisco, July
27, 1896, 6f. k. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 60, Fresno 9'i, San Diego 74, Red Bluff
90. San LuisOblspo 72, Yuma 106. San Francisco
62. Los Angeles 76.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 62,
minimum 54, mean 68.
ihe pressure has fallen over Montana and an
area of low pressure is apparently moving in on
the Upper Missouri Valley. The pressure con
tinues low over Arizona and Southern California.
The temperature has fallen slightly over the Pa
cific slope, with the exception of small areas in the
Sacramento Valley and In the San Joaquin Val
ley, where it has risen slightly.
Rain has fallen in Nevada and Utah.
Conditions are favorable for generally fair and
somewhat warmer weather Tuesday on the Pacific
slope.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnieht. July 28. 1896:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday: fresh north
westerly winds on the coast, light variable winds
in the valleys.
southern California— Fair Tuesday; light west
erly winds.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday: warmer Tuesday night.
Utah— Showers Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday except in extreme south
eastern portion, where showers may possibly oc
cur; continued warm weather.
snn Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday: fresh
westerly winds. Alexander G. McAj>ik,
Local Forecast Official.
M:ff YORK MAKKEIS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 27.— The seenrity mar
kets to-day.were quiet. Sales were smaller than
for a Ion; time past, the dealings only aggregating
117.000 shares. At the opening there was a great
pressure to sell, the action of the Pooulists at St.
Louis last Saturday having created a bearish sen
timent both here and in London. .Foreign opera
tors sold from 10.U00 to 12,000 shares of St. Paul
and Louisville and Nashville and local traders put
out smaller lines of srocks. Under this process
•he list yielded anywhere from 14 to 214 per cent;
Jersey Central, sugar, the grangers, Louisville and
Nashville and Manhattan scoring the heaviest
losses.
Later on a rally ensued with the announcement
that the committee on foreign bankers had com
pleted their plan for the prevention of gold exports.
While no details were obtainable from official
mures, It Is learned that the plan provides for the
formation of a powerful syndicate to control the
exchange market anil the co-operation of local as
well as London, Berlin and Paris bankers. So far
as the ability of the syndicate to carry out the
scheme is concerned it may be said that the belief
is that the bankers will control the situation with
out a shadow of doubt until election.
in the afternoon rally Sugar and Gas were most
prominent. Near the close the market showed a
tendency to run off. In the final transactions
speculation was - barely steady in tone. . Net
changes show losses of y a to %-
Bonds were weak, the' saies aggregating 9534,
--000. Atchlson general fours fell is/ to 73Vi. do
adjustment fours 1% to 32Vg. Kansas Pacific
consolidated sixes 6% to 60, Kansas and Texas
seconds 1 to 64%, Tennessee Coal and Iron con
solidated sixes 8 to 80.
In Government bonds 922,000 coupon fives of
1925 sold at 114%<5115.
Grain.
FLOUR — Dull and steady. Winter wheat, low
grades, 92 50; do fair to fancy, 92 40@3 40:
do patents, 83 45((£3 75: Minnesota claan. 92 40
2 30; do straights, $2 90fiti3 40: ao patents,
93 15©4: low extras. 91 70@2; city mills, 93 90
--do patents, 84 10<<£4 85: rye mixture, 92 40®
2 90: superfine, 81 tSo@'2 75: fine, $1 5002. South
ern flour, dull and steady: common to fair extra,
S'-ia'J 80; good to choice do. 92 60@2 90. Rye
flour, quiet and steady. 82 40@2 80.
CORNMEAL— Quiet, steady: yellow Western
92 05@2 10; Brandywlne, $2 55. «»*"•, |
RV E— Dull : W estern. 38% c f.- o. b.
BARLEY— Quiet: 3Sy.c f. o. b.
BARLEY MALT— Neplected: Western, 48®53c
WHEAT— DuII, steady, unchanged: foX
69y 8 c: ungraded, 68@ti9c; No. 1 Northern, 676^c
Options advanced %@%c with the West, fell
%c on the late weakness in the West, foreign sell
ing, increased visible supply and realizing, closing
firm at y 8 c advance, with moderate trade. Sep
tember and December only were traded in. Jnly
64c: August, 613/ 8 c: September, 64l&C- October
6514 c: December, e6%c < ™ uviooei,
'Stocks of grain, store and afloat. -'July' 25-
Wheat, 1,773,095; corn, 323,184: oats, 1 774 712 :
rye, 35.376; barley, 47,662; malt, 122,500- peas.'
994 bushels. - ' . .
CORN -Dull, firm; No. 2, 32c elevator: 32iAc
afloat. 73taN«pve*]jiM3BM«&« v *
. Options were dull ana closed at %c decline on
easier cables, increased visibles and free ship
ments; September and Octooer only traded in*
July, and September, 31c; October, 32c. ' '
OATS— Quiet, steady.
Options dull, firm; July, 23% c; September
225/ g c. ...
Siot prices: No. 2, 22% c; No. 2 white. 24iAa
24%c;-.No. 2 Chicago, 23y c: No. 8. 21% c; No! 3
white. 23% c; mixed. Western, 22©24 c; white.
24@29c; white State, 24@29c • • . '
FEED BRAN— S2%c.
i LINGS— 60@62%& .
RYE— Feed, 65C.
Frovlalona.
BEEF HAMS— DuII ; 914 50©l 5. Dressed beef '
steady: extra, BH@l2. Cut rueata, pickled bel
lies, 12 pounds, 6c; do shoulders, 3>a«o4c- do
hams. 9<§>loc • ™ _
LARD— DuII, easier. Western steam. 83 60;
FINANCIAL,
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK & CO.,
'4 Lcidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
i' ' , ■. -• BRANCH OFFICE ' . - .. '.■•■'.. '.
C 23 Market ml, Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
/ . J.S.PUBUY, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest ' market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F. :
CHICAGU pjuvA/ra wi&& *~jew yo&k»
city, 8. Option sales, none. Closed »3 47 : re
fined, easier; : continent. S3 85; South American,
$4 40: compound, 334@|4c. ■
PUKK -Quiet, steady. Old mess, $7 50@7 75:
new mess, $7 76@8 25.
BL'TTKH- Quiet, steady. Dairy. 10@14V<iC: do
creamery, ll^ffllSc: .Western dairy, 9@l'2c; do
creamery. 1 )<g4sc; - factory. 12c: Elgins, 17c.
CHEESE— FairIy active, firm. State large, sV™<3>
6i,4c; do small, sy (S,7c; part skims, 2@bc; full
skims, l@iy 9 - • ■ ■ ' .•--:■■•
jiOGS- steady ; : State and " Pennsylvania, 14c;
1 Western fresh. ll@loc. "&Zt°v***>t-~*lXggaammXt
1 ALLOW—Nomlnal. City, , 8 l-16c; country,
3®3y B e. ...
COTTONSEED OIL — Dull, easy. Crude, 20c;
prime yellow. 23% c: do off grade, 23i4@-3V c.
PETROLEUM— Firmer.
• RESLN— Quiet, steady, a trained, common to good
91 60.
TtJ UPENTINE— Quiet, easy, 24@24^&c
POTATOES— southern, 60c@$l. :/'.
RlCK— Quiet, steady. Domestic, ■ fair to extra,
3@4c: Japan, 4@4Vic.
MOLASSES— DuII, unchanged. Good to choice,
27@37c. , '
COFFEE— Unchanged to 10 points down. July,
$10 95@*10 79: September. $10 04; October,
9 55@9 60; November. $9 40; December, $9 25;
March and June, $9 90. Spot Bio, steady; No. 7,
12C. • ■ ... ■ -■■:-...■
SUGAR— Raw, more active, steady. Fair refining,
8 c; centrlfUKals, 96 test. 3 11-16 c; refined,
steady; No. 6. *Vsc: No. 7, 4 l-16c; No. S. 4c;
No. 9. 3 16-16 c; No. 10, S%c: No. 11. 3 3-lBc;
No. 12, 3%c; No. 13, 3 l-16c; off A, 3 1-lOc; mola
A, 4%c: standard A, 4S/ 8 c: confectioners' A, 4v 2 c:
cut loaf 5y 8 c; crushed. f>\'ifii powdered, 4%c;
granulated, 4^'gc; cubes, 6%c. "
fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— New bags, B@9c: do Old bags,
6%@Hc
p£aCHES— Old, peeled. V ID, 18@Uc: do un
peeiea. 73^(a8=VSiC. ~ ■■'■■:■■
PRUNES— Four sizes, firm; 4%@5c.
. RAISINS— Two-crown, loose muscatel, 3%@4c;
do old three-crown. s@.*>y 3 c ; do four-crowii, 6^c;
do London layers, $I@l 05.
HOPS— Steady. State, 2Mt@6c; Pacific Coast,
2Va®7i/ic.
WOOL-Texas, 7@llc.
Merchandise.
- pro iron— Steady, dull; American, flO 25®
12 so. HMOnmsmwip
COPPER-DuU; lake. 810 90@ll 15.
LEAD-Dull; domestic, S2 90@2 95.
TIN-Qulet; strait*, 813 45@13 50; plates dull,
steady. .
SFELTER-Dull; domestic, »3 90 ®4.
CHICAGO MAKKETS.
CHICAGO, Ir*., July Wheat experienced
rather . unsettled action for a . short while this
morning, but subsequently displayed weakness,
prices declining materially from the high figures
established at the ; opening. . First prices were
about %c higher than the final ones of Saturday,
rains acd predictions of showers In winter wheat
sections apparently carrying weight as a bull ar
gument. Professionals were willing and anxious
to sell at the advance, however, and the enhance
ment very quickly [ disappeared under the pres
sure of offerings. The world's shipments for last
week aggregated 5,8 69.0U0 bushels. The amount
on ocean passage decreased 1,200,000 bushels.
Receipts at Chicago were 124 cars, and the North
west held 414 cars against 179 last Monday, and
246 a year aso. Local inspections from store
amounted to 139.300 bushels. Liverpool cables
were steady, closing lower. The American visible
supply increased 390.000 bushels, and English
253,000 bushels. Clos ng Continental quotations
were . generally higher. Export clearances
amounted to 236.827 bushels. Tlioman issued a
very bullish report, which had a slight temporary
Influence for firmness. September wheat opened
from 60@59%c, declined to 6?%c cosed at 69%
(a&9Sgc, a shade under Saturday. Estimated re
ceipts tor to-morrow 200 cars.
CORN— Began well under the guidance of im
provement noted In wheat early, but it was soon
evident that it lacked stability. Good crop reports,
heavy receipts and lower Liverpool cables com
bined to dishearten holders. Prices succumbed to
the selling, which was by far of greater importance
than the buying. The amount on ocean passage
Increased 1,140,000 bushels. Withdrawals from
store amounted to 208,094 bushels. The visible
supply increased 144, 000 bushels. Export clear
ances amounted to 148,910 oushels. . Thoman's
report was bearish. September corn opened at
27% c. sold between 26c and 25^t@26%c, closing
at zs%c. from 3/B&V2C under Saturday. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow 108 cars.
OATS— Were in tone quite the reverse of corn i
and wheat. The sentiment was firm and smaller
receipts than looked for, 164 cars, helped the feel
ing. withdrawals from store amounted toy 13. 719
busneis. Export clearances amounted to 319,263
bushels. Thoman reported a deterioration in the
oats crop. September oats Closed higher than on 1
Saturday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 240
cars.
FLAX— Firm; cash, 74c: September. 74%@
76% c: December. 75%. Receipts were 60 cars.
PROVISIONS— Though opening steady the pro
vision market was possessed of no qualifications of
strength. A few minutes after ■ the start every
commodity traded In under the head of product
lost something in value. The hog situation and
the low consumptive demand exercised an adverse
Influence on th ■ market. September pqrk closed
10c lower, September lard and ribs each 7 V 2 @loc
lower.
BUTTER— The situation in the butter market
was unchanged. Fine makes in good demand.
Other grades were in good supply.
Creameries— Extras, 14c. firsts, 12%@13%c;
seconds, 10@llc; imitations, fancy, 10®llc.
Dairies— 12c; firsts. 10% c: seconds, 9c.
Ladles-Extaas, 9%@10c: firsts, B@B%c; packing
stock, 7@7%c; grease, 4®sc. -
EGGS -Were steady. Receipts were moderate
and demand good. Fresh stock sold from 9%c to
iOc I>. dozen.
UUN EX —Was steady at 6@GJt on call and 0% lor
time loans. New V oik exchange 60c discount.
Cloving Prices. .
WHEAT— -Inly. 685/ c: September, 59%@59%c;
December, 6is/s c.
CORN— July, 24% c: Beptember. 26% c: May,
28% c. .
OaTS — July, 15% c; Beptember. 17%@18c;
May, 20% c. .
PORK— September. 86: January, 86 80.
1 LARD— September, «3 17%; January, »3 62%.
fclUb-BeptemDer, 83 25; January, 83 35.
Livestock.
• UNION BTOCKY ARDS, 111., July 27.— The sup
ply of cattle on sale to-day was moderate. There
was a good demand, and prices for choice kinds
advanced 10c. Offerings of hogs were fair. The
inquiry was good, and sales averaged at about
Saturday's prices. I The run of sheep was heavy,
and a weak market resulted. Prices were 10@16c
lower.
CATTLE— Receipts. 14,600. Fancy beeves, 84 40
©4 60; choice to prime, 1300 to 1800 &> steers,
94 25(0)4 36; good to choice steers, 1200 to 1700 £>,
94 00@4 20; medium steers, 1000 to 1360 &>, $3 70
(s':) 90: common to fair steers. 950 to 1200 lb, 83 26
($3 60; feeders, S3 40@3 80: common to choice
stockert, 82 40@3 40; bulls, choice to ex
tra. 82 75@3 26: bulls, poor to choice, 81 05
(§- -70; cows ' and halfem, extra, 83 60©3 85;
cows, fair to choice, 82 30(33 50: cows,
common to faircanners. 91 °-'b@2 25: calves, good
to choice, 85 25@5 60: calves, common to good,
93 60@3 60 : Texas grass steers 82 50@3 00 Texas
fed steers, 93 2U@3 70; Texas cows, bulls and
oxen. S2<3>2 85; milKers and springers, per head,
820 (ft 40; Western range steers, 93 00@3 60;
Western range cows and heifers, 82 25@3 35.
HOGS— Receipts. 80,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, ~. 82 90683 25: common to choice
mixed, 93@3 42%: choice assorted, $3 45<a
3 56: light, *3 20@3 60; pigs, 92 40(&i» 60
--sHiiti l - Receipts, 11,000. interior to choice.
92 76@8 26; lambs. 53&3 60.
''tin 1 'ii" hi" K^fißKiii^iiiMfii — ~-— — .—
ELGIN BUTTISR.
ELGIN. lIL, May 27.— The batter market to-day
was steady. .There were 44,000 pounds sold at
14c . ;" .- 'J___^_^^ . :-* •> '.'.«
NEW lOKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
, . Share*. ,
Money on call qnlet at l% ( a>av; last loan at 2%
and closing offered at 2%. Bar silver, 68% c Mexi
can dollars, 53y8@545/ 8 c Sterling Exchange quiet,
with actual business in bankers' bills at 84 87%@
« 87% for 60 days and 84 86%@4 8684 for de
mand. Posted rates, 84 88@4 89. Commercial bills,
$4 86%@4 87%. Government bonds have been
easier; State bonds have been dull; railroad bonds
irregular. Silver at the board was steady.
. exoarao uTocm.
Am Tel & Cable.. .. Hs> ! Norfolk & Westra 5
Atchlson.. „ 11% Preferred....:;... 10
Preferred......... 16% Northern Pacific. / 634
Adams Express. 146 Preferred...."....." 12s/.
Alton. Terre Haute- 54 , Northwestern 94%
American Express)oß Preferred 148
American 68 N. Y. Central ... 91%
Preferred ..94 N.Y.,ChlcaKO<fc!i.L, 11 ,
.BayStateGas...... 16 -, Ist preferred..... 68
Baltimore & Ohio.. .16 -2d preferred 22
Brunswick Lands.. %N. Y.A-N. H...;... 164
Buffalo, Roch iP. 15 N. Y. A New Eng. 34
Canada Pacific... 59 N. V.. Snsq & W... 7%
Canada Southern.. 44 j Preferred 18%
Canton Land;...... 60V B Ontario.-.. ...... ....11%
i Central Pacific... 13% Ontario A Western 12%
Ches. & 0hi0....... 131/4 Oregon Improvmnt V %
Chicago Alton .161 Preferred. ■ _-
■ r Preferred 170 Oregon Navigation 10
Chicago, B. A Q.... 65% Oregon Short Line. 10 .
Chlcaco AE. 111... 40% Pacific Mai1.....;.-. 18%
P, <?ferred 93 iPeoria, D. 4 Evans 1%
ChlcagoGas •• 62%' Pittsburgh W. pfd 15 v "
Cleve<& Plttsburg..l64 .Pullman Pa1ace.. ..144
Consolidation Coal. 31 Quicksilver. . . HA
Consolidated Ga5..143%| Preferred........": 18 •
CC. C. A St. Louis 23% Reading. '.'.'.'.'.. 107/ 8
rl™'^ 1 ;-" 77 tßioGrande&Westn ,16 *-,
Colo. Fuel A lroß.. 18% r Preferred.....:... t 40 .
Preferred .100 Kock 151 and........ 66%
Cotton Oil Cert .... B%ißome WatAOgden.ll3
Commercial Cable. 125 st. L. AB. W*.:... -3%
Dei. Hudson-. 119% Preferred. 8
Del.Lack.fcWestrn.l6o st. Paul - "" 70
Denver &R. 0..... u > Preferred.' l*""" 122
erred **— "-• * 2^« St. Paul & Dnlntn. ■ 17
Di5ti11er5........... 10% Preferred "— 'H7
General Electric... 23% St. Paul A Omaha: 33%
------. 13% ! . Preferred ...... 122
Preferred......... iW^BLP.M.4M. 107
Fort Wayne........ 163 I silver Certificates finii
Great Northern pfd 109 [Southern Pacinc 18^
Green Bay..;.. ...v.^- %'soutoern R. K. .'.. 7%
HKriem. . ...........294 1 Preferred...; .... 20 Vi
Hocking C0at....;. . V 8 Snpar Refinery . ... 1041'!
Hocking Valley.... 16 - ; 1 Preferred...;;.. .981/!,
Homestake. Hin/ •* 84 |Term. Coal * Iron. ' » 6%
H. A Texas Cent...— — i "Preferred ' -fin
Illinois Central-.... 01- Texas Pacific"" " 6iA
lowa Centra 1........ 6 ToI.A.A.&N.MVch.— - -
Preferreo . ...... 23 Tol. A Ohio Cent... 30
Kansas A Texas... 10 Preferred. • - f7O
Preferred ........ 19% Tol.St,Lon!a&K.a 6
Kingston Pern... 8 Pref erred.... "T.u - 6
TH^ SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 28, 1896.
Lake Erie A Westn 1 4 ' 1 Cnlon Pacinc 6
Preferred. 63' ;U. P. Den 4 Gulf- 2
Lakeisnore 140 U. S. Coroage 6%
National Lead '201.4. Preferred 7V*
Preferred Kl»4 Guaranteed 14Vj
Long Island 68 C. S. Express 40
Louisville <fc Nash. 45V4 V. a. Leather 6»4
Louisville NadtCh 5 Preferred 48Vi
Preferred 12 C. S. Rubber 15
Manhattan Consol. 90Vi Preferred 70Vi
Memphis <& Charts. 15 lUtlca AB. River.. 160
Mexican Central... 7 | W ab. b. L. dt Pao. . 6%
Michiga .1 Central.. 92Vi Preferred 14
Minn & 8. L iWells-Fargo. 90
Preferred (Western Union 79V%
Minn & St. L com. 16 Wisconsin Central. l*/s
Ist preferred 65 Wheeling <fe L. K-. 7^s
2dpreferred 85Vg Preferred. 24i/»
Missouri I'aclfla... 17Vs Am Cotton Oil pfd.
Mobiles Ohio 16 W. V. Beef 6
Nashville A Chatt. 67% Ann Arbor 6
National Museed.. 15 1 Preferred —
N. J. Central 92V*iBrooKlynTracUoa. 20
North American. .. 4 JKne 2d pfd. 16
■• CLOHINO BONM.
C 8 4s, registered.. 106 MKT2d5...... ... 541^
Do coupon..:. 107 Do 45... '.... 78%
D 84snew, regstrdll3 Mutual Union 65... 108
Do 4s, coupon 114 N J Cent Gen 65... 114
•Do 2«... 95 Northern Paclsts. ll3
Do 55..... ;..;... .110 Do2ds.. 108
coupon.... 11l Do3ds.. 64
Cherokee 4a, 1890.100 Northwest Conaol».l«8
Do 1897. ....... ..101) Do deb 6a...'...'.. 109%
Do 1898 10J ORA 1«t5..,....107»A
Do 1899 ....."....100 : jStL&lronMtGen&s 69%
Pacific -is of "95.... Ist LA 8 F Gen 6s. 100
DC3-65s .....:109VilSt Panl Consols..
Ala Class A4s 95 St PC& Pa 15t5...H4%
Do Class 15 4, 55.. 102 Do Pac Cal lsta..Ul
LaConsol 45....... 93 Southern RR 55... 82
Missouri funding... Texas Pacific lsts. 79%
N Carolina con 85. i11 5 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 18%
Do 45..... 97% Union Pac lsts 90.10')
So Carolina 4%5...101 West Shore 4s. 102%
Tennnew 35....... 77 . Mobile & Ohio 45.. 59
Va funding debt.:. 65 R Grande West lsts 67%
Do registered...;. Ches * Ohio 65.. ..103%
Do deferred 65... 5 Atcnlson 4s 73%
Do trust rcpts st. 4 Do2ds A... 32%
Canada South 2ds.. 99 GH4SABJ 101
Cen Pac Ist* of '95. 98 Do2d7s 96
Den&HGJat 110 H * Tex Cent 5a.. 101
, /> Do4a. 88 Do con 6a. 102
Erie ads 69%Readlng4s 78
Kansas Pa Consols 00 Missouri fia. lUO
Ka Pa lsts Den dlvlll
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IK LIVKBPOOL.
LIVERPOOL. Em, July 27.— The spot market
is firm at 6^s 6d@s 6d. Cargoes firm at 26s 3d,
prompt shipment. -
- ■ '. , - - ' IT/TUBES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: July,
4s U%d: August, 4511% d: September, 4s ll%d;
October, 4s ll%d: November, as 1411.
' SECUBITIES.
LONDON. Ens, Jnly 27. — Consols, 113^%:
silver, 813/ t ( i; French Rente*. lOlf 76c *
EXCHANGE ANL> BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — 94 88*4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 489*4
Sterling Cables — 4 89»i
New York Exchange, sight... — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07 Va
Fine Silver. 3* ounce. — 68J»%
Mexican Dollars ; 64 64V4
»
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures were rather easier, but spot
prices were firm. No. 1, 95<£,96i,4c $ ctl; cnoice,
97Vz@98»4c; lower grades, 87^®92>^c; extra
choice for milling, 91@1 10 1) ctl.
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Infobmai Session'— lo o'clock — December—
800 tons. 91; 100, 99% a
Kkhi-i.ah Mobxino Session— December— loo
tons, 99 %c
a ftkknoon Session — December — 200 tons,
997/ 8 c: 100. 91.
BARLEY— Choice Feed is finn y held and Brew-
Ing is steady. We quote Feed, 65@68sic: choice
bright do, 70C: Brewing, 7&@Boc.
CALL BOABD BALKS.
Jnfobval Session" — 10 o'clock— No sales.
Ijkui'lak Mok-viso Session— No sales. '
aftebsoos Session — December — 600 tons,
693,4 c.
TS— Dealers quote a dull and unchanged mar
ket. Milling are quotable at 85@90c f> etl; fancy
feed, 90@92 Vic ctl: good to choice, 82%@90c;
common 10 fair, 72Vi@77%c; Gray, 80(0,8.: y.c\
Surprise, 95c©$l 02Vs-
CORN— Previous prices rule. Large Yellow,
8834@95c; Small Round do, 97% c; White, 77y.
@BLVjc»ctl.
R YK- 72%@75c f( ctl for old and 65c for new.
BUCKWHEAT— Quiet at 8&@950 * ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: family
extras, 83 60@3 70 f* bbl; Bakers' extras, 93 40@
S 50; superfine, 92 Ts@3. .
CORNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, 819 60@20:
Cracked Corn, 820 50@21 V ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade; Graham Flour, 92 10;
Rye Flour, 2%c; Rice Flour. &&4c: Corn meal,
82 10; extra cream do, 2»4c: Oatmeal,92 90; Oat
Groats, 3%c: Hominy, 9\i lO^-i 30; Buckwheat
Flour, 93 lo@3 SO; Cracked Wheat, 2%0; Fa
rina. 3%c: Whole Wheat Flour, 82 30; Rolled
Oats, 3 Vac; Pearl Barley, 3 Vac; BpUt Peas, 93 20;
Green do, 84 10. .
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRA.N-813®14 for the best and $12@13 50 V
ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— SIS@I6 » ton for lower grades
and Sl7@lßf> ton for ihe best.
FEKDSTCFFs Rolled Barley, 815: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, 921 "t» ton: jobbing, 822.
HA V— Receipts of 1434 tons have further pros
trated the market. It looks blue for bay- raisers at
the moment. Wheat is quotable at 87(310 » ton;
Wheat and Oat, $6.*>o<a.9; oat 86 6O(&7 60; Barley
86t07 60; River Barley. 84 50@5: Alfalfa, 86 50®
B 50 for second and 84 50@6 for first cutting;
Clover. 85 60@7 50.
STRAW— 3t>@4oc » bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS- Are neglected and unchanged. Bayos
are quotable at 90@95c ip ctl: Small Whites,
81ia.l 15 9 ctl; Pea, 9l@l 20 V otl; Large
Whites, 90c@91 07%: Pink, 7O@8Oc; Reds, 91@
1 15; Blacker e, 91 16@1 40: Red Kidney, 90c;
Llmas. S2fgi2 40; Batters, ? I@l 40. -
SKlvDs- Brown M us aril is quotable at 81 50®
2 25 * ctl: Trieste, 92@s 60 » ctl; Yellow Mus
tard, $1 40£ l 60;Flax,$i 70@I 80; Canary, 2»/ic
» lb; Alfalfa, 7%@9%0 V 5; Rape, 2Wc * B;
Hemp, 3^c IMb. .
DRIED *>EAS— 9I 26(g>i 40 ft cU for Nlles and
91 25(3,1 46 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— The market is doing better again.
Garnet Chiles are quotable • at 50@60c $ ell;
Early Rose, 30@45c; Bur bank Seedlings, So@4sc %i
ctl for Rivers and 60@85c for San Leandro; Salinas
Burbanks, 60iibSc "r ctl.
ONIONS- White, 30@40a - : 3sEg%
VEGETABLES— The market Is heavily supplied
with the seasonable kinds and prices are weak.
Green Corn,76c@sl 25 "$ sack; Alameda Corn,
91 50@2 * crate: Berkeley Corn, 81@1 25 « box-
Snmmer Squash, 15@25c for Bay; Kfcg Plant 60
@75c f, large box : Tomatoes, 76c@91 for Rivers
and 26@10c for Vacaville; «u cumbers in small
bis, 10@20c; Alameda Cucumbers, 25@40c bx-
Asparagus, 81 25©3 9 box: Green Peppers, 25
@50c %4 large box for Chile and 60@75c V box
for Bell; Green Peas, 50<%.?l if, sack for com
mon and 2@2%c V &> for Garden; String Beans
50c@91 *sk for common and "@2y 2 c for garden-
Green Okra, 60@75c iS box; Cabbage, 40c % ctl-
Carrots, 26@30c & sack; Garlic, 2@2V>c 14 to.
BUTTER, CHKESE AMD EGGS.
BUTTKR— Business Is fair, though not as lively
as It was a week ago. .
Ckeamkky— Fancy, 19c, with sales higher; sec
onds, 17@18c * to.
Dairy— Fancy. 17c; good to choice, 15@16c;
lower grades, 11 . " 14c.
CHEESK— Fancy mild new, 7Vi@Bc; common
to good, 6@7c; Cream Cheddar, 9@loc: Young
America, B@9c $ ttt; \vestern, 10@llc; Eastern
11 (a 1 He.
EGGS— Ranch Egcs continue scarce and firm.
Eastern, 14<»i6c; store Eggs, 10@13o doz for
poor and Hicblbc for good: ranch Eggs, 16@20c,
with sales at 21c; Duck Eggs, 14@15c
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTItY— Nothing new. Trade dolL Live Tur
keys 13@15c for Gobblers, 12@13cfor Hens: young
Turkeys, 17@19c; Geese, ?k pair. 81; Gogllnsrs,
$l(ail 50; Ducks, *2 51X93 50 * doz for old and
82 50<8,4 J>o for young: Hens. #3 50@5; Roosters,
young, S s@>6; do, old. 84#4 60; Fryers, 83 60@4-
Urui its, *B@3 SO for iarge and $1 50ff12 60 fot
small; Pigeons, * 1 26® 1 50 ?) doz for young and
old.
GAME— Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Peaches continue weak. There were no ; good
Apricots received In . bulk yesterday and we quote
only poor grades. . . .... _' f ■. . . .
Red Nectarines, 40@76c: White, 25050 c 9 box.
Peaches, '20@50c "<s> box, 25@35c * basket and
$20 ft ton. , -"-.:•,. • -
. Plums, . 35@60c $ box . and ; eo©Bsc ft crate;
Japanese Plums, 60@66c. Prunes, 40@6fc. ■
Apples, 75c@$l D box for choice and 40@65c
for common. . :'- . ; ' . , *
Crahapplfs, 25©40 eft box. . -
Pears. 25«:>Oc ¥ box; Bartletts, 35©65 c « box
and $16@20 f* ton. , - T . -
Apricots, 25@66c 9 box and $16©25 ?*, ton for
poor fruit in built. .jpiill.llili'lllJii'i'm ail Mining
- Kigs. 60@7fic 1* box for single and $l@l 50 ft box
for don bit; layers. ~TTMBIWIITr P l l t'flliai%Ml?illViti l <l 'wi
BERRIES—,.. ■: * .
. Strawberries, $1 5003 60 V . chest for Long
worths and 91 60@2 50 for large berries.
Raspberries, 92 bO@3 60 %l chest.
■ Blackberries. 92@3 ft chest. » ■ --.-.* ;
Rapes— and weak. Vacavllle Sweetwa
ters and Fontainebleau, 25@.*>0c ft box and &o@6sc
9 rate. Arizona Grapes are nominal.
MELONS— Watermelons, SB@ls %) 100. Canta
loupes.. 6005 ?fl dozen. - • .r- - .
CITRUS i *\RClTtt— Orangss. - *3@4 9 box for
Valencia* and $2@3 for Mediterranean Sweets and
St. - Michaels: ' Lemons. \ 81 - 50@'J . 60 for , common
and $3@4 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, 98 9
box; - Bananas, . Sl@2 %* bunch; Pineapples, *I@4
¥ dozen. :•" ' ..' . _ ...' * .
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC. :
\ DRIED FRUITS— . ' '- . -• -■ .
-■■• Reports from San Jose yesterday reported the !
outlook for the Prune crop still worse, as they are
dropping baJly. - Buyers realize . that the crop Is
short and are paying *25@27 50 • %* : ton ; or , the
green fruit, against $20 a week or so ago. The ten
dency is still upward. •
Tbe leading Peach-drying sections report an ex
pected light output of this fruit, owing to the re
cent hot spell and the spring frosts. ... ;-•.,
■ Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as follows:
Carload Lots— New ■ Apricots, 5 %@6c f» Ib in
the sweat-box; 6V4@6^c f. o. b.. coast and 5y 2
B%c San Francisco; Apples, l^@2c ft Ib for quar
tered, ,as for sliced and 44»4^c for evaporated;
Peaches, 3@sc and 6c for fancy; Figs, black, 2X4c
for unpressea; White • F!k«, 4c In sacks; .Years. 7c
for evaporated halves 3V 2 @6c ft Ib for quarters;
old Prunes. 1 3% c: Piums, 3^c f! lb lor Ditted and
1 V2@2c for unpitted; Nectarines, 3%@5c fi tt> for
prime to choice anc* SVaC for fancy. .
Jobbing Prices — Evaporated Apples,- 4@sc
V Ib: sundried, li^«-2c- Peaches. 3V4@sc and 6c
for fancy; peeled In boxes, 12 Vie ft Ib; old Prunes,
y s foi4c for four sizes. iVtC for 40's and 60's and
4V*cfor 50's and «*o's: ' Fists, black, 3%c; While
Figs, S@sc f> lb: , Pears, 8c 1* lb for evaporated
halves and 4@7%c for quarters: Plums, ; 3y 3 @4c
for pitted and l@l^c for unplttea; Nectariues,
4@sc ft tb for prime to choice.
' RAlSlNS— prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
o. b, Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none; 3-crown,
loose, none: 2-crown, 2%c ft Ib: seedless Sultanas,
Sc; seedless Muscatels, l»ic: 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c $ box; cluster* $1 36@1 50: Dehesaclus
ters, $2 10@2 25: Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75.
Jobbing Pbicks— Four-crown, loose, none: •3
crown, none; '2-crown, 3>Ac Kb. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c ft lb: seedless Muscatels, 3c; 1 3-crown
London ■ layers, 75@90c; clusters, $1 50@l 75;
Debesa clusters. $2 60: Imperial clusters. $2 75. >
NUTS— Quotations are as follows: .Walnuts, 9@
lie for No. 1 hard and 11 (SI lb for paper-shell.
jobbing lots; Almonds, o®7V 3 c fk Tb for Lan
nuedoc, 2y 2 ®3c ft ft, for hardshell ana H@loc
ft m for paper-shell, jobbing: Peanuts, 6(SHi / aC
ft tb for Eastern and for California: Hick
ory Nuts, &@6c: Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished: Filberts, B@9e: Brazil Nuts, 7@Bc ft Ib;
Cocoanuts, $4 50@8ft 100.
HONEY— Comb, 10@12Vic for bright and 6@90
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 5@6y 3 c:
light amber extracted, 4Vo(at4 4c; dark amber, 4<^
4V4c; dark, 2@3c « lb. ■ . - .
IJEESWA^-26@27%C ft lb.
PROVISIONS.
. CUPPED ME ATS— Bacon la quotable st 6^c for
heavy, 7%c ft a, for light medium. 9@9i^c for
light, 10@llc for , extra light and . 12c '. for ' sugar
cureo; Eastern Su;ar -cured Hams, .. 12(S>12^c:
California Hams, iO^@llc ? Ib: Mess Beef, $7
@8; extra mess do, $8 50@9; family do, $10; extra
prime Pork, $B®B 50; extra clear, *14 ~f. bbl;
mess. $12 50@13 %4 bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c %) lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces Is quoted at 6V4c ft Q>
for compound and tiiic for pure; palls, 7c ft th;
California tierces. 4iAc for compound and & 1 / <|C for
pure: half-bbls, 6%c; 10-lb tins, 6V*c; do 6-tt>,
D^raC Ib. '- ■
COXTOLENE— sV,®sJi4,c in tierces and 614®
B%c ft tt. in 10-tt. tins?
HIDES, tallow; wool AND hops.
HIDES AND SKINS — Heavy salted: steers
are quotable at 7@7%c ft tb; culls and brands,
6@6V'2C V tt>; medium, C&6%c ft Ib: culls and
brands, 6@s^c ft &>; light, sc: culls and brand*,
•c: Cowhides, o@sV^c; culls and brands, 4®4V2 c;
salted Kip, 5c ft lb-; salted Calf, 7@Bc; salted Veal,
6c: dry Hides, 2 @Uc; culls and brands. 8@
8 Vac: dry Kip and Veal, B@9c; culls, 7c; dry Calf,
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20(535c each: Kids, 6c;
Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c; medium, 15@
26c; winter, 7@loc: sheepsklnj,sbearlings,lo@l6c
each; short wool, 20@35c each: medium, 40@
60c each; long wools, 60@60c each. Culls of all
kinds about v£c less. ■
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered,' 3@Si^c; No. 2,
2%c: refined, 6V 3 c: Grease. 2V*.c f- &>•
WOOL-Uumboidt and Mendociuo. 10@llc$ Ib:
Valley Oregon, 10@llc 1* lb; do lower grades, 8@
10c ft lb; Nevada, tr@hVjc: San Joaquln and south
ern oast, six months, 4@6c; Han Joaqum, foot
hill, good to choice, 6Vi@7%c: San Joaqum, year's
fleece, 4@s^c; northern tree, 7@9c: do defec
tive. s®bV»c 3 ill.
HOP^-Nomlnal at 2@4c $ Ib for 1895 and 6@
7%c for 1898. "^
GENERAL, MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags are firm at $4 25©
4 30; San Qnentln, $4 20; Wool Bags,24 y 2 @26 Vac.
COAL— Wellington, $8 V ton: New Wellington,
$8 V ton: Southfield Wellington, $7 50 ft ton;
Seattle, $5@5 60: Bryant. $5; Coos Bay, $4 50;
Wallsend. «7: Scotch. *7 60; Brvntbo, $7 50;
Cumberland, $11@12 in bulk and $13@14 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $11 50; Welsh
Anthracite, $8; fun:, el, $7 60: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60: Cote,
$ 1 l«t 1- In bulk and $13 ¥ ton in sks. . . >
- SUGAR— Several descriptions have been marked
down. The Western s>ugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed. &%c;
Powdered, SS/gc: Fine Crushed, 5 %c; Dry Granu
lated, 4S / £.c; Confectioners' A. 4-% c; Magnolia A,
4%c; Extra C,4V4c; Golden C, 4^c: half barrels,
V^c more than barrels, and boxes -/2 C more.
«VRUP— Golden, in bbls, loc; Black Strap, 10c
«gaL
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from ' slaugh
terers are as follows: .
BEE 1— First quality, 6c; second do, 4%@4%c;
third do, 3%®4c %♦ n>. -;. . ; -rsv-M.
VEAL— Large, 4@sc; small, 6@6c f> lb. ■
MUTTON — Wethers, 6@5%c; Ewes, 4%@50
V ft..
LAMB-s©6c "to rt>.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3i/4@3»,%c * ib for large and
3 lit 3 3,ic for small and medium; dressed do, 4%
@tfc ~j, lb.
RECEIPTS OF PKODUCE.
FOH '24 HOURS.
Flonr.qr. sks 31.773 Hay, ton*. 1,434
Oregon 2,636 Butter, ctls 184
Wheat,ctls 6,867 rneese. ctls 120
Barley, ctls 15,9*7 Eggs, do* 8,610
Oats, ctls l,oßs;Hides, no 141
Beans, sks 308|Pelm, bdls 150
Potatoes, sks 2,P74i\Vine, gals. 84,800
Onions, Bks 672 Wool, bis 22K
Corn, ctls 730 Tallow, ctls. 3
Rye, ctls. 660 Quicksilver, nsks 163
Middlings, sks... Lime, bbls 181
Bran, sks 65.*) Lumber, M feet.. 10
Oregon, sks.... 2841
> — ♦ »
THE STOCK MARKET
Stocks opened steady yesterday and prices ad
vanced on the noon Informal session, Choltar sell-
Ing up to $2 20, but the feeling was weaker again
on the afternoon call, as will be seen by the sales.
The chief cause of Chollar's advance was the ap
pearance of about a foot of quartz In the face of
the south drift on the 300 level of the Brunswick
workings. When the assays were made, however,
it wsa found that the grade was low.
Additional reports from the Comstock are as fol
lows:
In the Hale & Norcross on the . 900 level the
streak of ore in the north drift continues the same
in size and value as last reported. _ Have started to
cut out for an praise on this streak. ' 975 level-
Extracted during the week . five carloads ]of | ore
assaying per mine car samples $70 ■34 per ton in
gold, and 41.30 ounces of silver per ton. > Shipped
to Dazet mill 58 tons and 300 pounds of ore assay
ing per wagon samples $18 81 in gold and 17.84
ounces of silver per ton, making a ' total of 246
tons and 1800 pounds of ore shipped in June and
July to be reduced on the present run. The assay
value of all this ; ore per wagon ;. samples ' Is gold
$16 81 and 17.64 ounces of silver per ton. he
assay value of the 67 pounds of crude i bullion
shipped to the United States mint at Carson on
the 18th Inst. was gold $1288 78, silver $1094 86.
Total, $2383 64. -' <
In the Ophlr mine on ! the 1000 level west cross
cut 1 trom the south drift from the shaft station
70 feet from the south boundary is In - 475 feet.
The face Is in porphyry, clay seams and lines of
quartz, which assay 50 to $1 per ton. : West cross
cut 1 from the north drift from the shaft .-station
on this level 230 feet north of the south boundary
of the Mexican mine is in 613 feet. . The face Is In
hard porphyry and clay seams. In the old Cen
tral tunnel section of the Ophlr' mine a little pros
pecting Is being done upward and northwestward
from the Mexican shaft and occasional streaks of
low-grade quartz are being found. ' . , -•
: Reports from the other mines show no material
change. .. ■..-.. ■;.■. /■■ ,■ , '■■••■:. . :r - . :■'.
.- Con. Cal, A Va.. best A BKiiCHXB and Gould
A Cubby— Brunswick > lode— shaft 2— This shaft
has been sunk 10 feet on the Incline: total depth
293 ieet: bottom In porphyry. 150 level— The
1 main west drift started from east crosscut 1 " was
extended 11 feet; total length 106 feet;. face in
porphyry, clay and ; quartz. • Gould A Curry : tun
nel—The main tunnel - has been extended 18 feet,
passing through porphyry, clay and quartz: total
length 872- feet, West crosscut 6, started In
this tunnel at a point 800 feet from the month,
has been extended 17 feet, passing through hard
porphyry and quarts; total length 41 feet: face In
porphyry. \
Hale & Norcboss— Brunswick lode— Shaft 1
has been sunk 14 feet on the incline; total depth
626 feet, passing t 1 through porphyry, clay and
quartz, showing some value. 300 level— Resumed
work In the north drift from tee station on the 23d
tnst. and advanced the, same '21 feet; total length
97 feet: face In quartz and porphyry. ! East cross
cut from south arift 30 . feet from sou boundary
was advanced 16 feet; total length 30 feet; face in
hard porphyry and string- of ciuartz. ; .. ,■ .
Chollar— Brunswick lode— Shaft 1 has been
sunk 14 feet 1 and is I down 326 feet on the Incline.
200 level— An east crosscut has been started from
the south lateral drift 190 feet from the north line.
It has been run 58 feet ' during ; the week through
porphyry and seams : of i low-grade ' quartz. - The
face Is now in that material, with slips of clay
through It, 300 level— The south drift on this
level has been driven 34 ! feet for the week, and is
now out 225 feet from ■ the shaft or 76 feet from
the Chollar-Norcross line. 5( It is following the clay
which is supposed^ to He on the fcotwall of the
, vein. ■- The streak of ore • exposed last week in the
face has gone out of the drift, and the face Is now
in vein material composed of • porphyry, clay Blips
and small seams of quartz ■• '"• ■.-'■•• ■
In the ■ Alta . mine the ■ winze in the south drift
Keystone vein is down 9 feet. The bottom ,is in
quartz assaying from $6 to $22 per ton. . :.
. The delinquent assessment sale of the Occidental
Consolicated Mining company will be held to-day.
BOAi;i) 1* fcsffli
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday: „ ; . -
*toruu MORNtVn «!«<!",■» • wvvrir^ti "»:T\
200 8*8.*~.;- 581400 Choir. ...2.051100 0ccidU.... 68
100 Bodle 6-1100 > .' „ 2.001 50 ...........67
300 Bullion.. .20 C Point. . .4* 200 PotosL.. 1.10
200 Ca1eda....15 300 G AC.,.. 70*00 8ava«.«..71
100 Cha11nR...57 300 H&N. ;1.25 100 B Nt ..;.%5a
150 .........; .66 400 Mxcn..-...67 2OOSII Hi11.... 0S
300 ...........56 250 M0n0.....:18 YJac*ei..is
HOC Con 1m.,.,0'2200 Ophlr... 1.05 100 .....:„. ...44
ArTERSOOS BJW«ION— ?:T». \ . .
-100 Andes. 31200 C Point.. .41 750 P0t05t.,1.05
300 81cher....41 60..".......r.39,100 8av.:...U,71
100 Bodle.. M 58 100 G&C. '200 beg 8e1... 16
100 ;........... 57 100 ......... 68100 Nev....56
600 8u11i0n... 20 100 HAN.. .1.25 300 Union ...45
200 dialing.. .54 300 0cc1d. .:..65 200 V Jacict...43
200 Cb0ur....2.0& 200 . ...... . . .; .66 100 ./......... 44
100 C0nn....1.30i200 Ovrran....2lj
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
500 Aloha 15,600 Ch01r3.17%:300 0ccd......68
300 Alta. 10-200 .:...V...2.16 400 Ophlr 1.02 Vi
400 Ande5... .33 3"0 CCV. 1.72Vz 600 ....... .1.06
400 8e1cner...44 100 Conn.... 1.301100 0vrmn....'20
350 B AH 67 800 C Imp .'...02 600 Potosi..l.lO
i 200 Bodle 80 700 Crwn Pt...43;500 ........
800 Bullion.- 20,100 Exchqr....Oß3OO 8av...._..73
200 Caleda.... 15400 0<ftC......73»00 Scorplon_o7
600 Ch11nge... 58,200 HANI. 22% 300 58& M....16
i 400 ......... .57500 ....... ..1.25 450 NY......67
200 56200 Ju1ia. .....09 500 Union C...45
600Ch11ar..2.20 400 Kcntck....o« 200 Utah 12
250 .........2.05 300 Mexn.....57d00 V Jae*«t..4s
1000 2.0714 600 M0n0......20'
AITEBXOOS - 8JC8SIOX— 1: IT.
200 AiDha..... 161400 Choir. ... 2Vß | 600 Occldtl_. 65
300 Alta 10 450. .....;... 2.10J4U0 ... . .63
200 Andes. ...S-2J150 CCV.1.72%1400 Ophlr 1.02Va
300 Belcher.. 44 600 ...... ...1.70 100 Overman 20
400 .-.;..:■.. :;.41 50 Conn.... 1.30 300 Potosi..l.lO
400 BAB 57 400 Con 1m.... 02 400 V.V....1.07"W
I 600 .:.... .66 200 C Polnt_..4£'Joo Savit. ' 74
100 80d1e.....6H200 •.;-..•. ".%.... 40 300 s C orpion..l)<s
I 600 ...........59 100 Excnqr...o6 58& M...16
! 100 ............68 200 G&C....-..73 800 6Nv.;....67
300 8u11i0n... 20 100 ...........69J00 ... ......66
100 8u1wer....36 50 H<&Z*l.22Vz 200 Union... 46
200Ca1ed......15 300 Mex...:..67100 .. .....45
100 Cha11ge...66 100 M0n0..... 22 100 Utah .....II
200 64 300 Occd .67 30(1 V Jck1~..45
400 ..;.;. .i...8S 700 .:.... 66200 43
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. , . "MONDAY, July 27— P. M.
.-..1 JMd.Atked.l £icUAsfce<i.
Alpha Con. ... 15 16 Julia.. . — 10
A1ta.....;..;... 08 09 Justice..."..."" OS 04
Andes.... 31 82 Kentuck. .. _ 07 09
8e1cher........ 40 41 Lady Wash.... — 05
Best & Belcher 65 67 Mexican. 66 67
Bodie 68 WM0n0....*.."" 20 _
Bullion 19 21 Nevada Queen. 03 —
Bulwer..;. — 37 North GA C. 07 ■' _
Caledonia...... 11 14|Occideutal..... 62 63
Ch011ar. ...;.. 2.10 2.16'0phir...... 1.05 110
CoiuCal«SVa...l.7o I.7siOverman 20 21
Challenge Con. 63 64 Potost LOS 110
Con. Imperial. 02 08;»avage. .. 72 73
Confidence ...1.25 1.30 Scorpion.... .. 05 06
Con New York - 04 Seg. Belcher... 15 16
Crown Point... 38 40 Syndicate ..... — 04
EastSlerraNev — 04 silver Hi 11.... 02 03
Eureka Con... — 25 sierra Nevada. 55 56
Exchequer 05 06UnlonCon 44 46
Gould A Curry. 70 VI Utah........... 09 11
Hale ANorcrs. 1.20 1.26 Yellow Jacket. 43 46
Jack50n........ 26 — |
GOLD MINING .EXCHANGE.
— Champion ...„. Providence.....
Bid 21 00 Bid 60 00
A5ked................ 26 00 Asked "/so 00
Grant..- 100 Savannah 46
A5ked.............. 300 .....;.,.. ■„ 48
Keystone Con. 200.; - 49
Bid. :. 0500200 ; "■ 60
Kennedy.. ,100 „ 61
A5kedV.......: 11 00 100 Sebastopol...... 45
600 LockwoodCou. 80 200.. ..Z 48
■■■- Princess 200.... _ 49
400. .;....:......._ 66200 „ 60
i 100 6781 d Thorpe 60
i 1000 ................ 60Asked...tT. 80
STOCK AND BONO EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, July 27—2 put.
: ' TTS ITED STATICS BONUS.
. Sid. Atked. Bid. Asked.
D 8 4s coup.. lu6'</«U Sis reg... — 107%
Do new lssuelO9% —
' '• KIBCELLANKODR TtOSTT«.
Cal-stCbiess. •■— 110i4|PacRollM6s. — _
CalElecL6s — 123 Do 2d is 65... — —
CntraCW&s — 94 l'*Oßy6s. — 115
Dpnt-stex-cp 94 -99 I\fcCh Ry6s. — 115
EdsnLAP6s — 120 Pwl-st RRBs. — 116V4
F<fcCHltß6s. — 105% Reno, Wju&lj — 105
Geary-Blßss. — 107Vi!Sacto PA L. — 102Va
LosAngL6s. — 99 ;Sr°<£NPK6s. — 99
DoGnteed6s — lUoVa'sPßßArlz6a — —
Mkt-stCble6sl2l — ' SPRRCaI6s. — HOVi
DoßyConss_lo4Valos it-PRRCaI 6s. — -
NatVln6slst 96 — . SP£rßCal6s. — 99V4
NevCNgß7a. J»5 105 SVWater6s..ll9Vil-4O
NPCRRSs. - 108 SVWater4s.. 98% »9y 3
NRy Cal 100y 2 IUIJAStktnG&E 6s - 100
NBy Cal 6s. — 100 6unstT<feT6s. — —
Oak Gas 55. .102 - Sutier-stß6s. 109VsUO
Do2dls6s.. — 106 VlsallaWCOa — —
Omnibus oa. 117 119% *
• Wjkvjoi stocks. . -
Contra Costa — 80 1 San Jose _-"— -
Marin C 0.... 60 — |Sprng Valley 96% 97
GAR STOCKS.
Capital 10 26% Pacific Llarht 49 49%
Central 95 — SanFrancsco b9Va 90
Oak UL<fcH — 62 S4 Stockton. .... — so
PaoGaalmp. 82*/ 83 |
;• INSURANCE STOCKS. '
Fireman's Fd 187 — |Snn ........... 35 ■ 60
• . . ...-..' COMMERCIAL BANK BTOCKI.
Amerß&TC — '.", — London Pet A. — 127
Anglo-Ca1. . . ; 61% — London&SF. — '-. "• 37V«
Bank of Cal.. — 235 Merch Ex... 13 —
CaISD&TCo 63% — ■ Nevada...:.-. — " —
FirstNatlonl. — 187%iSather Co. — - ■
Grangers.... — —I
. . j ' BAVINQB BANK STOCKS.
OerS&LCo.ISOO 1360 Sav&Loan.. — 100
HumbS&L.lloo 1450 Security 225 276
Mutual. — 40 Union Trust. 700 ■ —
BFSavUnion — 485
• STREET RAILROAD STOCK*.
California.... 108- - f |Oak BL<tHay — 100
Geary-5t......' — 65 Presidio IV, 8
Marltet-st. .. 41% 8 Sutter-st — -
% POWBKJt STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — Giant C0n.... 15 20
Eastern D... 70 — JudsonD.. M — —
California.... 70 — 'Vlgoriu — . 90c
. MIBCBI.LAJJBOrS STOCKS.
Alaska Piers. 91% — NatVlnCo.. — —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo — 24
• -Hi Cot Mills - — PacAnxFA 1 —
Cal Dry Dock — — FacßoraxOo. 98 100
Edison Llghtll4%ll4%lPac Roll Mill — —
Gascon Assn. — .-. — Part PainlCO 6Vj 7Va
Ger Lead Co. 85 — iFacTrausCo. — .' 24
HawC&SCo.. IB 16VilPac Co. — 80
Hutch 8 POo 19 19% Sunset T<tT. 41 —
Assn. 100 110 .United Co. — 25
MElee Light - — 4 Vai
f BALEa-MOK.M.va axssiox.
Board— ' - •
> 10 Hawaiian C0mmercia1.. ............. 16 00
*25\!dO' do 16 25
,60 Hutchlnson S P Co. 19 00 •
10 do do 19 25
' 10 do do 19 12V*
.25 8 Gaslight...... 90 75
: ' street— :, «' ■ '. : .i ■
60 Hawaiian Commercial 1625
lOOHutchinsondPCo...-. 19 00
baucs— Amsxooir SESSION.
' Board— '
6 Edison LiKhtdt Power C 0... ......... 114 60
■.. 6 do :do ....• 114 37V«
60Hutcblnson S 1' Co, s 30........ 19 00
25 do do .... .:....:......... 19 00
;96 Hntchlnson 8 Co. 19 00
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Samuel: N., Isidore N., Benjamin' and Raphael
A. Levy, Sarah Aimer and Hattle Goldman to
Anaie Fallen, lot on N line of McAllister street,
180 E of Laguna, "E2s by N 137:6; $10.
Jane Campbell to Minnie Hays (wife of W. X.)
lot on N line of Hermann street, 80 E of Stelner,
E 26:3 by N 120; $10.
Hugh , and Theresa Keenan to Robert D. Cran
ston, lot on NE corner of " Masonic avenue, and
Waller street, N 75 by E 100: $10. ,
' Robert D. Cranston and Jennie : Cranston to
Hugh Keenan, lot on E line of Masonic avenue,
100 Nof Waller street, N2sby E 125 ; also lot on
' SW corner of Waller and Cole street, B 25 by W
84:4%; $10.
■'Annie Donahue to Thomas F. Parkinson, lot on
N line of Waller street, , 84 :7* A E of Shrader, E
lOObyN.100: $10.
William F. and Mary F. Swift to Patrick Swift,
lot on S line of Ridley street, 50 W of Belcher, W
26 by S 110; $10.
, John Eyre to Emily E. MUllken and Fanny H.
Meadows, lot on E line of Castro street, 2*B N of
Beaver street, N 58 by E 100: gift. .
- Stephen A. and Mary L. Born to Martha Farrell
(wife of M. W.), lot on N line of Twenty-fourth
street, 30 E of Castro, E 25 by X 80; $10.
Joseph. Leopold and Pauline Hirsch to Francisco
T- Gulnasso, lot on W. line of Stockton street 40
M of Vallejo, N 6 inches by W 65: $10. ' "
Katie Strohlelr. to Henrietta Rossow (wife of
Charles), lot on N line of Sliver street, 150 BW of
Third, BVV 25 by NW 75; $10.
■Helen Kaufman to Annie Vredenbureh, lot on
SW corner of Thirty-first avenue and i street. VV
132 :6 by S 100: $10. s W
"Solomon and Dora Gets to John Hanna lot on
NW corner of it street and Nineteenth avenue v
lOOby 32:6; $10. - , ¥BUUe '^
Same to August Bodln, lot on NE corner of V
street and Thirty-eighth avenue, E57 by N 100;
' Robert Henry Bredon to Henry' Dwlght Banks '
lots 2 ■ and 3. block 14, Sunny Vale Homestead
Association; also property in Alameda County SI
Henry D. Banks to Dora Mitchell, lots 2 and 3*
block 14, Sunny Vale Homestead: $10. a 3>
ALAMEDA COUNTY. -.
r £ Henry Sevenlng to Frank Miller, lot of BE cor
ner of Eighth and Union streets. E 40 by 8 lia
Oakland; *10. ' '
- • Horace C. and D. E. Watson, Ida M. Wnilams
and Nellie P. SnetsinKer to John B. Watson lots
12. 13 and 14, block B, Peralta Tract, E»st Oak
land:; also lots 1 and 2, block 101, lot 14, block 79
being portion of Watson property, East Oakland;
gift. ■"flaySHfyTT*aHiWinitr, ,ri
Lorenzo D. and Zelphia J.Utman to Ann and
Barbara May, lots 34 to 37, block . E, JS imhurst.
Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10. • : ' -'■ > •
- William O. James to Tacit ha X, James, lot 26
block J. Moss Tract, Brooklyn Township: gift
■■ John J. J and • Mary L. O'Farrell : to James A.
Thompson, undivided 6-6 Interest in lot on NW
line lof High street, 282.80 ssW of Prescott, N W
456.70, .SW 308, SE 423.67, NE 306.20 to begin
ning, being, lots , 1, 3 and 18, lens Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10. • ■:-.'-■■ J
Ellen J. Rooney and Annie .Mulholland to Rob
ert Muiholland, loc on NW corner of Chestnut and
Thirty-fourth streets, N 100 bv-W 112,. being the
E 112 feet of lot 12, block j 682, V»atts Tract, Map
2, Oakland: $- — <,•.;-. ::.-■-•;.'
. . Ida M. Williams (wife of C. Williams), John B.
and Ida L.' Watson and Nellie P. Bnetslnger (wife
of A. G. SneUinger)-to.Horace,C. Watson, lots 8
and 9, block B, Peralta Tract, East Oakland: also,
lots 1, 11, 12 and 15, block 79, Watson Property,
East Oakland: $- — .' • n .- ■;-. . -;.-, ,
. Enoch S. Talbot to Ann & Talbot. lot on NE line
of Twenty-third street, 132 NW., of - Eleventh
avenue, NW 67. by NE 160, being a portion of
double block 143. Clinton, East Oakland; $1000.
' Charles A. and Alice JC. Bailey to John Janson,
ot on E ' line of Fifth street, 150 8 of Gray son. S
69,16, NE 186.10, N 64.06, W 188 to beginning,
helng lots 17 and 18, block 173, Grayson Tract.
Berkeley; 85.
Frank M. and Rose H. Wilson to Robert Rankln,
lot 10, block 2, Daley's Scenic Park, Berkeley;
$10.
Clarence K. and Ella N. Harman to Ellen Smith,
lot 17, Map of semi nary -a venue Tract, Berkeley
Township; $10.
Jose C. and Mary Machado to Flisberto A. JLlal,
lot on N\V comer of Juana and Alvarado streets,
thence NW 50 by SW 125, block 58, San Leandro,
£den Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Pacific Power Company with Cushing Wetmore
Company, work, etc.. for building on lot on S line
of Stevenson street, be: ween First and Ecker;
1 $1800; Ira Bishop, architect.
I '-.. . ■ — ♦ — ■» .
A Book That Shakespeare Read.
A. very rare work of Sir Walter Raleigh,
"The discover^ of the large.: rich and
I bewtiful Empire of Guiana, with a rela
j tion of the great and golden city of Manoa,
1 etc., performed in the year 1595," first cdi-
I tion, printed in 1596, sold for. £51 at Sothe
by's yesterday. It was from this book
that Shakespeare obtained his knowledge
of the "still vexed Bermootbes." ;\
. ■ . ■ — '. — * — — « — __ . '
. Most of the canal barges in the South
of England are worked by women.
■ — • — ♦ — •
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Toi/r. 1896
Su.
Mo.
Th.
W.
Th.
Fr.
Sa -j Moon's Phases
1
2
3
* /J*Mjaat Quarter, j
— - V^/ July 2.
I"""*'
— ,
i .- -■ i
c
7
8
9
10
11 — =rrr- 1
£gb ; New Moon. '
.„ |O July 10. 1
18 • '
12
18
14
16
16
17
20
! 21
n
23
24
/-s\Flwt Quarter)
25 \J) July 17.
19
26
27
28
20
SO
31
/CX Full Moon. I
<&> July 24.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
Cmamia
Corona
Weeott......
r«ranoa...
P0m0na.....
City Sydney
ttnnol ..;...■.
Empire
lur«lc» ....
China.
Truclcee ....
Orizaba......
irwo .. .
State of Cal.
bant a Rosa.
CltyPuebla-
•t Paul
A reals ..
Columbia. . .
Vie* P« Bna|July2B, 9am PlerJ
San Diego ! jul.vUß.llam Plerll
Eel Kiver Jnly2B. 6pm Plor 13
laauina Bar.. July2B. 9am Her 2
Hnmboldtßay July2h. 2pm Pier J
Panama Ju1v29.12 M P MBS
Grays Harbor. Ju1.v29.12 v \ Pier 2
Orecon ports. . July 29, Bpm Pier 13
StwDor. July3o. »am> Plerll
China*. Japn. July3O. 3pm|PMß 8
Coos Bay J uly 80. spm < Oceanic
Mexico Jul.v3l.loam Pier 11
Coos joar JuIy3I.IUAM Pier 13
Portland... Au« I.loam Pier 24
San Diego Aug I.llam Pier il
Vie i P« tjntl ' Auj; 2, 9am; Pier 9
N«WDOrt Ang a 9am Pier 11
Oreßonports..!Aug 3,loam'
Portland Auk H.ICUm (Mcr 2+
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAJJBit
From
i
■ in-*
Kuretca ..-..-.,... Newport ;
Australia. ....... Honolulu ...........
City or I'ueoia. . Victoria & Pugcc Sound
Mexico P0rt1and.................
Arajto Coos 8ay..........;.....
Cleone Crescent City
Truckee ... Coos 8ay....; ..
cant» K0«v. .... San .Dieg0.... ...........
Monowal I Sydney
8eieic... ........ | China and Japan........
San 8ia5.......; Panama. ......
P0m0na......... j HnmDoidc war.
8t Pau1. ........: Newport. ...............
Arcata ........ P0rt1and.......
North F0r*.... . Hamboldtßar
Mackinaw .'..... lt\coma ....',.".
Weeotu Keiitlver... ;....
Alice ßlanchard : Portland.. „
ColumDia ....... j Portland.
Crtwentcitr... Crescent wit- .........
Walla Walla — Victoria <& Puirec sound
raralloo :..■■. . Yaonlna hay ..:... ......
..July 28
..July 28
..July 29
..Julv'29
..July 29
..July 29
..Ju'v29
..July 80
..July 30
..July 31
..July 31
..July 81
..An« 1
..Aug 1
..Aus 1
..Aug 1
..Auk 2
..Aug a
..Aug 3
..Aug 3
..Aug 3
Aue 4
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
. r. P. COAUT AND GrcODICTIC BTTBVTCT TtDO
■ ' : • BT7I.I.JCTIST PtTBioaiTED BY Official • V
AOTHORITY OP THE SDPXKIKTKJfBIST. )
; Tuesday, July 28.
Sunrises 09 |. Moon rises 9.12pm
Bun sets 7.23 Moon sets
Jnly-1896.
►i T<me | Feet 1121 Feet 11^1 Feet^ 6 Feet
gIH W 1. W H W L W
28 I7BU~
29 2.26
30 3.28
31 4.39
1 6.09
. L W
2 0.24
8 1.24
4 2.17
• 4.9 7.57 (J7B 2758
4.4 8.27 1.2 3.25 '
3.8 8.51 1.7 8.51
3.5 9.14 3.3 4.16
AUGTTBT.
5.2 9.44 2.8 4.47
H W I L .W
1.2 7.47 ' 3.3 10.24 *
0.8 9. JO 3.« 11.28 '
0.3 10.03 3.8 12.41
K*j 8.42 2.4
5.1 9.3fi 2.2
5.1 10.28 1.9
5.2 11. L0 1.6
».S
H W
3.9 5.26 6.4
3.5 ».15 6.5
3.6| 7.13 5.7
Not*— ln the above exposition ot the tides the
early morning tides an» given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column Rives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last of right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtmctive
from the depth given by the charts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Branch Hydrogkaphic Officr. U. S. N., ■»
MKBCHANTS'. KlCßAN'nit . V
■ San Fbancißco. July 37. 1893. )
The time ball on ■ Telegraph - HIU was drooped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 c. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. FKCHTXI.KB,
Lletitennnt V. v . V in rhwrgg.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
MONDAY, Jnly 27.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, 45 hours from' Yaq ulna
Bay and way . ports; pass ana mdse, to Meyer *
Akmann.
Stmr Pomona,. Doran. 14^4 hours fm Eureka;
pass and md.se, to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Laguna, Peterson, 'J6 hours from Bear
Harbor: r r ties, to Pollard & Dodge.
Stmr Albion, Lnndqiust. 17 hours from Needle
Rock: bark. :oJ Klmball. :
Stmr Empire, Anderson, 80 hours from Astoria:
lumber, to North Pacific Steamship Co. -
■ Br ship Queen Elizabeth, Fulton, . 60 days from
Hongkong; mdse, to S L Jones .t Co.
Bark S C Allen. Thompson, 30 days from Hono
lulu ; sugar, to Welch A Co. -
• Bark Enoch Talbot, • Merriman. — hours from
Ventura, in tow of tug Rescue. Up river direct.
S.lir Cbetco, Johnson, 5 hours from Pigeon
Point, In tow of tug Alert; cargo from wrecked
stmr Colombia.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 9 hours from Bodega
-40 bxs butter, to Ross «fc Hewlett.
Schr Sequoia, Larson, 8 days from Port Hadlock
-460 M ft lumber, to W J Adams.
Schr Bessie X, Anderson, — hours from Fish
Rock: bark, to J S Klmball. Up river direct.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Chnstensen, 90 hrs frm
Coquille River: 121 cords matchwood, to Metro
politan Match Factory. • <=""-
Schr Ocean Spray, Nelson, 40 hoars from lver
sens Landing; wood, to N Iversen.
Bock; A » cds bark, to Iversen. Tom Needle
Bock; 160 eds bark, to N Iversen.
' Cleared.
MONDAY. July 27.
Btmr TJmatUla. Hunter. 60 hours from Victoria
pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins & Co. ,
fcaile-l.
MONDAY, July 27.
Htmr City of Everett, La verge, Nanalmo,
Stmr Geo Lootnls, Brldgett. Ventura.
Stmr Columbia, Bolles, Astoria.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, Rockport. »
■ Stmr Del Norte. Stockfleth, Grays Harbor.
Stmr South Coast, Hansen, Eureka,
Btmr Jewel, Madsen, Caspar. "
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, Mendocino.
• Schr Corinthian, Zaddart, Albion.
•-- ' . Charter*.
The ship John C Potter loads coal at Departure
Bay for this port; bark Oregon, coal at Nanaimo
for this port; schr Chas E Fa!k. lumber at Port
Biakeley for Suva, Fiji: Br ship Dundee, lumber
!at Victoria for Cork, 65s— prior to arrival ; bark
i Harvard, lumber on the Columbia River for Santa
Rosalia. . .
! . :. The Br stmr Undaunted was chartered prior to
! arrival for wheat to Europe, 30s— Is 3d less direct.
laieerap'ilo.
POINT LOBOS. T July 27-10 p. ic.— Weather
! cloudy: wind W : velocity, 18 mile*. -
./ Domestic r Port*.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 27— Stmr Progreso
hence July 24. \£*3&oß«<§E3Sg3spSfc-. - - '
.-. SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 27-Stmr Pasadena
from Eureka. " -
ASTORlA— Arrived Jnly 27— Bktn Vldette. frm :
Redondo. . "v- .
; FORT BRAGG— Sailed July - 27— Stmr Caspar :
for San Francisco: s«mr Albion, for San Francisco
. PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed July 27— stmr
Protection. IJJ IH lili'iin 1 J*i iii'jMiinnjn hW LIItWi »hjh
,; ASTORIA— July »7— Bark Coloma, hnc
; July 11: stmr Signal, from Puget Sound; bktn
Northwest, from Redondo: stmr Alice Btanchard,'
hence July 22; Br ship • Pinmore, from Santa Ro
salia. • ■ .' •• -;' ,-: ■: -.' '. , .-. -; :■ '■,.•>■ -■-;
.. Sailed July 27— Stmr Mexico, for San Francisco;
schr Lillebonne, for San Francisco. . -.
i ■■-■- TATOOSH— Passed July 27— Stmr Progreso. hnc
1 July 24, for Seattle. . B
'<■■■■ NEWPORT— Arrived July 27— Schr Bertha Dol
beer. from Eureka. ■■;
TACOMA— Sailed July 26— ship Earl of Dal
housle. for Australia.
.- Arrived July . 26— Schr ! Maria * E Smith, hence
July 2. ,
REDONDO— Arrived July 27— Schr Wm Benton
from Seattle. : .
,* ; Foreign Port*.
SHANGHAI— Arrived July 26— Nlc bark Bun
daleer. from Port Blakeley. .
• . COLON— Sailed July 24— Stmr Finance, for New
York. ■..."..■ ;. .-v ■ ■.■ : - ' ■ -1
PANAMA— SaiIed July 24-Stmr City of . Para,
for San Francisco. ~ • rTagjßMdßm
• BEACH V AD— Pasted : July i, 25— ■ bark
Elliot, Lelth, for San Francisco.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
I " NEW, YORK— July * J 27— Stmr Amster
dam, from Rotterdam 1 stmx Fnesland, from Ant*
werp: stmr Mohawk, from London: * stmr Georgia,
'MARSEILLE!*— Arrived out July 27— Stmr
MOVILLE— out July 27— Stmr Fur-
D ALTAR— Sailed July 27-Stmr Werra, fot
CHERBOURG— SaUed July ? 3tmr Saale, for
* LlZAßD— Passed Jnlr Stmr Maasdam, fm
New York, for Rotterdam. July 26— dimr Bonn,
from New York, for Bremen.
. Importation*.
- MENDOCINO— Per Point Arena— l 2 pkgs mdse,
1 bx tooacco, 6 cs seed. 3 sk>) abalones.
Point Arena— 2 firkins 70 bxs butter. 2 bis mdse
6drv and green hides. 2 . firkins butter. "
Navarro— 6000 railroad ties.
YAQUIN 4 BAY— Per Farallon— l96 tons stone,
35 eds stave bolts, 1524 qr-sks 100 bbls flour. 284
sks bran, 624 sks bark, 7 coops chickens, 1 cseggs,
3 coops poultry. 4 pkss mdse. V 2 » Dl brandy, 4 bdls
pelts, 10 pkRS wagons, 3 bbls beer, 1 sk wool, 1 ca
hats, 6 bbls sugar. ...... •
Port Orfoid— ll kegs butter, 1 bdl dry hides.
Eureka— 3 pk?s mdse, , 16 crts bicycles.
EUREKA— Per Pomona-79 bxs butter, 1 bx
hardware, 1 bx smoked beef, 1 bx seed. 3 pkgs
mdse, 2 r bbls mineral water. IS sks wool. 1 bdi
saws, 89 M ft lumber, 1 dog, 128 head cattle, 1 cs
elder, 6 pkes express, 1 sk coin. : •,„„••_'
E R and E R R— 2 bxa castings, 8 - tuba 126 bxa
butter, 1 cs cartridges, 1 cs 1 pkg saddlery.
Buroells— 77 sks wool. ■ •'• , : -" ; , » . „„_
ASTuRIA— Per Empire— 193. M ft lumber, 200
bdU stave bolts, 3000 bdls box snooks.
CottsJin" I**.1 **.
Point Arena- A H Collins; Tillmann <& Bendel ;
Cox Seed and riant Co: Standard Oil Co: A New
field; WlUon& Baechtel; Ross * Hewlett: J Par
rott: Norton. Teller Co; C E Whitney A Co: F B
Halght; Wheaton, Br*on & Co: OB Smith A Co:
Dairymen's Union; Martin, FeusierA Co; : Mendo
cino Lumber Co. _/_■ '!,.'•'■■' r'-'i,
Per Farallon- J D McGilvray: McPhee & Co;
Pacific Woodenware and Cooperate Co: H Dutard:
J P Thomas; C JLeist&Co: J Everdlng & Co; B
5 Harris: W C Price A Co: R Stevens * Co: A.
Repsold & Co; Wellman, Peck <fc Cc ; C Jacobson:
Allen 4 Lewis: M Kallsh & Co ; Standard Oil Co:
G Herman; O'Brien A Son : Frederlcksburg Bot
tling Co; Bandon Woolen-mills: C E Whitney* Co;
Naber, Alfs & Brune: W Butler: C H Cain A Co; 8
H Hammer A Co; Trtest & Co; H H Hogan: T H
Wallace; Legallet <fe Hell wig: Sachs Bros: Yates
A Co: Monarch Bicycle Co: U Eldridce.
Per Pomona— Brlgham, Hoppe& Co: Farns worth
* Ruggles; Baker & Hamilton : Dairymen's Union ;
Dodee. Sweeney A Co: C E Whitney * Co; Hum
boldt Mineral Water Co: H Moffatt * CO: Scott <&
Van Arsdale Lumber Co; SimondSaw Co: Hills
Bros; Weils. Fargo & Co: Thos Denlgan, Son & Co;
National Brewery: Dunham. Carrigan &Co: U S
Brewery: Norton, Teller <fc Co: Getz Bros &Co: H
Levi & Co: L D Stone A Co: Healdsburg and So
noma Commercial Co: Hulme&Hart: Wheaton,
Breon A Co. . ■ • .-.
Per Empire— E Atkinson; California Barrel
Co: Clatsop Mill Co.
'■-, y. OCEAN TRAVEL. -_■■/.
C>. R^cfc N.
AlliiTLANll
46 Second Class, .112 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTH INCLUDED.
Columbia sails July 27, August 6, 16
State of California sails. .July 22, August 1, 11,21
From Spear-sL Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. ic
UOODALL PERKINS A CO., Genl. Supts.
If. V. CON^OR. General
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM JJ&SL*
Broadway wharf, baa Fraucisco, as *" iM rr '
follows: . : -.' .
For Mary Island, Loring, Wranstel. Juneau. Kil-
lisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at M a. m., July 3, 13,
18. *JH mi ... ia. 27.
For Victoria and Vancouver (R. C), Port Town- .
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and Xe*
Whatcom (Bellingbam Bay, ' Wash.). 9 a. x.
July 3, ; . 13. IS, 23, -M, ana every flfta,
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wim
i the C. P. R. 8., at Tacoma - with N. P. B. It,
at Seattle with G. N. By., at Pore Townsend wita '
Alaska steamers. I
For Eureka,' Arcata and Fields Landlnc (Ham-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. it. jn.y a, 8. 12,
16 20. 24. 2«i and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Caynco%
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviola, Santa
Barbara. Ventura., Hueneme. San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. «., July
2. 6. ]>i it. 18, 22. 26. 30 and every fourth day
thereafter. ■ ■ :-■ i •.....' ■■■■.. :• ;
For San Diego, ' stopping only at Port Harforl
(Ban Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Anceles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m., .in y a. m. 12. lt>, 20, 24, 2>» ana every
fourth day thereafter. ■ ' -
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, .Mazatlan, Ls
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba. 10 a. M,
Ju • and '-'sth '>: each month thereafter. ■■
- Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
OOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Genl Agents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
COMPAGifIE GENERAL TftlifSlTLMTlQUff-
French Lin« to Haw.
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH jjjti
\J River, foot of Morton at. Travelers by 4£^3ejV
this line avoid both transit oy English railway an!
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. ■ New Yorit to Alexandria, Egypt, via Pan*
lirst-ciass S10O: second-class, $116.
IATO V A INK. Capt. Santelll....May 23, BA. H.
LA NORMANDIE May 23. 8 A. it
LA GABCOGNE. Jut c 30. 7 a. it.
LA M)KH.,NDIrJ....^ July 4. 6 A. j£.
LA GASCOGNE... ...;.. July 25. 11 a. it
LA NORMANDIK. Anarust 1, 5 a, »c
LA BOT T RGOGNE. Capt. Lebneuf. .Jane 6, 7 a. ic,
jC3~ i'or further particulars apply to
„ '-'« A. FORGET. Agent.
. ™ ..tt^, r?- r B 2' v ins Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Agents. 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Franciscq - . ■
■
OCEANIC S.S. CO. g% days TO ' .
HAWAII, SAMOA, jL^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, 'l 7* by
AUSTRALIA. \Js.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day, August 4. at 10 a. it Special party rates.
a S. MONO WAI sails via HONOLULU and
.AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, August 20L
at 2 p. m. "....•'
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN.
South Africa. .
J D. SPRECKELS * BROS. CO., Agents,
' 11 v Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
FLMT&CO/S
PACIFIC COAST CLIPPER lAXFR
' For San Francisco and All Pacific Coast
Ports. -
FROM NEW YORK:
The Al Clipper Ship. ...WM. H. MACT
Amesburj, Master.
FROM PHILADELPHIA:
The Al Clipper Ship..;.. ... ....a. J. FULLEB
Colcord, Master.
Insurance effected at lowest rates.
For freight apply to FLINT A CO., 68 Broad
Btroet, New York.
Consignees in San Francisco: J. F. CHAPMAN
• * CO.-, 22 California street.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE - ASPINWALL .a— l_
O fortnightly for the West Indies and <££j«Sijl
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourghi
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from Han Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. • First class, $195; third
class, $t>7 50. . For further particulars apply to
PARKOTT * CO., Agents,
' ' ■'■■-■ - :■»«' f-.lit-ornift at.
WHITE ma LINE.
United States and Royal Hail Steamers
inwiiß
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
\ •■.;-; SAIUMi KVKIU WJUOC,
pABIN,«6O AND UPWARD, ACCORD- >ma_
\J ing to steamer and accommodations MJWS
selected: second cabin, 60 andsi. . 0: Majestic
am! Teutonic, Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, •■ Scotland, - Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may Ibe procured
from W. H. AVER V, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. g. \v\ FLETCHER.
. General Agent tor Pacific Coast.
l En_K HAMBURG-AMERICA!! LOS
gWSßgigfllWß twin-screw express
,**?. n i ■"li^ag^^' ..;. ■ Lino from New York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg. Paris A Hamburg.
Normaunla. ... Aui:u.-it 6I F. Blrmarck.' August 20
A. Victoria... August 13 i ' o iimbiH.... .August 27
I. Cab., 975 and upward; IL Cud., $45 and upward
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4«/2h.. free of cliar^a
by special train: CHERBOURG-PARIS, 6%h.
„ For passage apply Hamuuru-Amkricax Livh.
37 Broadway, N. \., or to KAHN A HERZOa!
Agents. -101 California st,, San Francisco. Cal. ■
~~ STOCKIW STEAMERS
a? « V ™ c *i°- 3 > Washington St..
At 6 P. M. Daily . - 1 re igftc received un
to >:SO V. jl. »*
aar Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
T. ■C. Walker, SIKAMEKs: .:■■■'
T.C.Walker, j t> T»«t«_.
Mary Garratt, City "or Stockt«™
. .Telephone Main 805. . Cau .Nay a nd £°^
iALLEJO, MARE ISLAND, *BESICIA, POM
COSTA and eaten.
•4 9* M. only. Mlaaion l, Pt w a.
JUMaOing, Mlaaloa 1. Pi« j,
FOR SAi JOiE, LOS CMOS & CRUZ
CTEAMER ALVISO LBATfES pier 1 n*,, -
7P. K. (Saturdays excepted) Freight and Pa^
■Mt» niir» nt.. rlin Umn ' ierWINNIE NEARLY
LOSES HIS LIFE,
He Was Found Unconscious
in a Room Filled With
Gas.
SAID TO BE SUICIDE.
Is a Leading Contractor and
President of the Build
ers' Exchange.
COULD NOT GZT MONEY IN.
His Wife Says He Was Deeply Dis-
tressed When He Left Home
Last Night
Oakland OyncE San Fraxcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 27. \
President William Winnie of the Build
ers' Exchange was found almost dead this
President William Winnie of the Oakland Builders' Exchange, Who Was
Found Nearly Dead Yesterday in a Room Full of Gas.
morning, under circumstances that leave
ro doubt in the minds of the attendant
physicians that he attempted to commit
suicide.
■ He was found in a small room on the
second story of the Exchange building at
8 o'clock this morning. He was uncon
scious, the room wa3 filled with gas, anfl
from a tube connected with the burner gas
was escaping at full pressure. Secretary
White made the discovery as he was look
ing for Mr. Winnie, whose absence from
home last night was reported at the Ex
change early this morning.
The unconscious man was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, and the combined ef
orts of Drs. J. J. Medras and Kitchings
fwere rewarded by a return of respiration,
although the patient was unconscious
throughout the day.
No one appears to know when Mr.
Winnie went to the little room. He left
his wife after-dinner last night saying he
was going for a short walk. He did not
return home all night, and this morning
Mr?. Winnie sent out inquiries to Secre
tary White.
When Mr. Winnie was found he was sit
ting in a chair with his head on his breast. I
His features were almost blue, and death |
was not far off. Dr. Kitchings says that
•it is his opini n that Mr. Winnie took the
tube in his mouth and that it fell out when
he became unconscious. He has no doubt
that it is a case of attempted suicide.
Mrs. Winnie, after waiting several hours
for her husband's return to consciousness,
went to the hospital this afternoon. She
said that her husband had been despondent
by reason of business being so dull. When
he left the house last ni^rht he was greatly
depressed, and Mrs. Winnie feared the
wofst. He also referred to money which
he had loaned and could not collect. His
wife mentioned his reference to a note of
W. B. Hardy that was not secured, and
which was in his liabilities when he failed.
There are some doubts in the minds of
Winnie's friends as to the suicide theory.
They aay that if he intended to commit
Miicidc he would have locked himself in,
a precaution which he omitted. Besides,
there is no reason known to them why he
should seen death. He has always met
his obligations, and although Dusiness is
somewhat dull, he was getting his share.
Mr. Winnie i« now acting for the third
year as president of the Builders'
Exchange. He is reported to be out of
danger to-night, but as he is GO years of
age, there may be a relapse.
PRINTING THE REGISTER.
Supervisor Will Inspect the Contra
Costa Road on Wednesday.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 27.— At the meet
ing of the Board of Supervisors this morn
iug the matter of the Contra Costa road
was considered. The road is known as
No. 2859, and is an extension of Thirteenth
avenue. Several farmers appeared and
asked the speedy consideration of the
matter in order that they might market
their crops in Oakland. They stated that
the Supervisors of Contra Costa County
were ready to act in the matter as soon as
Alameda County acted.
Supervisor Talcott favored a visit over
the proposed road, so the board decided to
go out as a committee of the whole and
look over the ground on Wednesday
morning.
The bids for the painting of the court
house were opened and the job was
awarded to Deady & Hooley at $1399.
The question of furnishing a copy of the
jrreat register for the use of the printers
was ref-rred to a committee consisting of
Supervisors Church and Talcott to investi
gate, consult the District Attorney and re
port to the board the proper procedure to
take, the price per name to pay for the
printing of the same, the kind, quality
and weight of paper to use.
Drowned in Feather River.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 27.— Word has
been received here of the death of A. U.
Rugg, who was drowned in Feather River
on Saturday. He attempted to ford the
stream, when tbe horse foundered and be
fell into the rivar. Mr. Rugs; was married
several years ago to Miss Thomas of East
Fourteenth street, and was formerly in
business with a brother on Eleventh ave
nue.
MILK ORDINANCE PASSED.
The Board of Health Follows San
Francisco's Example.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 27.— The new
ordinance reeulatine the sale of milk and
tbe health of consumers was read the first
time to-night, and on the urgent request
of Dr. Buckland tiie rules were suspended
and it was read a second time.
The ordinance is very stringent and is
modeled very closely after the ordinance
now in force in San Francisco. Dr. Buck
land said that it was a known fact that
milk was being brought into Oakland that
wns the product of unhealthy cows, and
he considered that even a day's delay was
a calamity.
Councilman Towle said that the dairy
interests represented laTge investments,
and he thought it hardly fair to ru»h
through a stringent ordinace without giv
ing the dairymen a chance to be heard and
to suggest any amendments. He did not
suppose they were knowingly kee ping sick
cows and brihgine impure milk to market,
and although he admitted the urgency of
the measure he thought those most inter
ested haa a right to be heard and to make
any suggestions they thought proper.
The ordinance was passed a second time,
but the clerk was instructed to withhold it
from printing till after the Ordinance and
Judiciary Committee had met and bad
heard the dairymen in tbe matter.
The Auditor's Levy.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 27.— Cit7 Auditor
Snow has prepared his estimate of the ex
penses and the necessary levy for the fiical
i year 1896-97- He considers that a tax levy of
$1 12 will be necessary to run the city gov
ernment and meet the accruing bond in
terest and redemption. The past y«ar has
been run on $1 and the Mayor will un
doubtedly veto any levy that calls for a
larger amount.
LOVERS ONLY IN NAME.
The Loves Threaten Divorce and
Shooting and Visit the
Police.
Only Harried Three Months, But Al
ready Wish They Had
Never Met.
Oakland Office Saw Frakcipco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 27. )
Dr. Love visited the office of Mrs. Pres
cott «f the Children's Society to-night to
I see if he coald get authority to take his
! wife from the house of Mrs. Burwell, on
Franklin street, where she is now living.
He also called several times on the Chief
of Police for the same purpose, but ob
tained no satisfaction. Love said to-night
I that his wife's affections had been alien
ated from him by the Burwells and he
I would have justice.
Mrs. Love when seen told a very differ
ent story. She is a pretty little blonde,
and she declares that Love is persecuting
her to ruin her and keep her from getting
a divorce. She has procured an attorney,
and a complaint will be filed in which she
charges him with attempting to force her
I to lead a life of shame for his oenefit. She
[ declared to-night that he had attempted
to place her in a house of ill-fame for his
own benefit. She says she is not afraid of
him, and does not think he is at all dan
gerous. Sbe declared that every word he
spoke was a lie, and defied him to prove a
word of it.
They met at the Burwell residence to
night and invited a Call man to hear
their stories. Love called biß wife all
j Kinds of pet and endearing names, but she
i would have nothing to do with him. He
I then became abusive, when Mr. Burwell
i forced him to leave the house. Mrs. Love
I Bald she would Btay where she was until
she could get something to do or some
place to live.
Love is around town to-night, vowing
he will get satisfaction before midnight or
else go and shoot bis wife and the Bur
wells. Mrs. Love merely laughed when
told of her husband's threats, and said his
tongue was his most dangerous weaoon.
The couple were married about three
months atro, and their short married life
has been one of constant warfare.
Chief Lloyd said to-night that he bad
investigated the citse and had concluded
it was a case for the civil courts.
A New Device.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 27.— A new de
vice for loading carwheels has been in
vented by Master Car-repairer Ludlow,
and placed in operation in hi 3 department
lin the West Oakland railway-yards. It
j will save much time and labor, besides
averting danger to life and limb. The ap
paratus is worked by air, and with three
men will do the work formerly requiring
ten men, in half of the time.
Another Worthleiß Franchise.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 27.— The City
Council met to-night as a Board of Equali
zation. A communication was received
from the Contra Costa Water Company
asKing t:>at the assessment on its fran
chise be reduced from $150,U00 to nothing,
as it is of no value. The Supervisors re
duced it to $10, as it was held to be tax
able in San Francisco, and the same argu
ment is made in regard to .the city. The
board decided to postpone all action till
next Monday night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 28, 1896.
FRESHMEN IN
A QUANDARY
They Don't Know What
to Call Their
Class.
PROBABLY TKE CENTURY
"00" Will Result if Prece
dent Is Followed
Out.
THE QUESTION MUCH DEBATED
Serious Difficulty in Finding a Suit*
able Contraction of "1900"
Men.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 27.— "What are
we going to call our class?" said one pros
pective freshman at the State University
to another to-day as they sauntered across
the campus toward the library. "I don't
know," said the other embryo college
man, "unless we name it the 'century
! class.' " "That's what we will have to do,
! I guess," replied his friend as they en
j tered the door of the university book
I repository, "but what will the next class
call itself — the one that graduates in
1901?"
The problem as to what name the 1900
men will finally christen their class and
how they will incorporate it into their
slogan of war without causing too decided
a ruffling of their thoracic organs has been
the subject of discussion for probably
every "fresnie" who has pitched his tent
in the classic precincts of Berkeley this
season.
Though but comparatively few of them
have as yet come to Berkeley, because the
university does not open for slightly over
a fortnight, yet enough have set up their
standards on the college reservation to
give a lively "rushing" exhibition, if such
a practice were opportune.
The difficulty in naming their class as to
j the year number is not by any means con
fined to the Berkeley freshmen, but will be j
a subject for debatß in every university in j
the land where four-year courses are given, j
It has been customary among college
men for decades and decades to abbreviate <
their class year number as much as pos- i
sible, and in so doing the first two figures,
indicating the century in which they lived, ,
have been eliminated, leaving only the i
last two figures, such as " '96" or " '99."
Through application of this process, es- ;
tablished by precedent, the only conclu
sion that can be reached and the only
name that can be given to the class of ,
1900, according to this rule, is "00." "But
such a conclusion will never do," say the
freshmen, for then the two ciphers would
have to be named, and about the only
short term that conld be applied to them
; is, "Naughty naught," "Nothing" or
"Nit."
But to be thrown under the ban of ridi
cule and made the subjects of jests, simply
for the purpose of following a precedent, is
more than many of the freshies can bear,
and so such of them as have reached the
i college town seem to think that the "Cen
tury" class will be their name, if they
name it at all.
In conversation one of the brightest of
BRIGADIER KEPPEL AND HIS FAMILY LEAD THE EXODUS FROM THE GLEN.
the "century" lads said be wondered if
the university students in the time of
George Washington bad to rack their
brains to dig up a name to distinguish
themselves from other students in their
institution.
Rockefeller Battery Case.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 27.— John
Ro ckefeller, a reported first cousin of the
millionaire oil king, was up before Justice
Lord this morning on a charge of battery.
The accused was shooting the chickens
belonging to William Panther, and when
the latter interfered set upon him and
beat him severely. He was arrested by
Deputy Marshal Rawson and will be tried
to-morrow morning.
The prisoner claims to be a first cousin
to John D. Rockefeller, and says he has
made several visits to the Standard oil
magnate, upon one occasion receiving
$5000 to clear out
University Singers Return.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 27.— The Uni
versity of California Male Quartet and
Banjo Club have returned aiter a very
successful concert tour under the manage
ment of C. R. Morse, '96.
Will Remain a T« cher.
BERKELEY, Cal., July zh— The report
thai Miss Mary B. Clayes, teacher of
classics in the High School, intends to be
come a deaconess of the Episcopal church
is denied by the young lady and her
father.
Interesting News Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 27.— The Citi
zen Suffrage League will meet to-morrow
afternoon at the residence of Mrs. William
Keith.
J. W. Richards, president of the Town
Trustees, is about to leave for Lake Tahoe
for the benefit ot his her lth.
A union picnic of the Sunday-schools of
the Methodist, Presbyterian and Episco
pal churches will be held next Friday in
Laurel Glen.
Ah Yen was sentenced to six months in
the County Jail by Justice Loud this morn
ing. Yen stole a horse, wagon and harness
from Quong Lee last month. The horse
has not been found, and as the officers
were unable to secure a conviction of
grand larceny without evidence that the
prisoner stole it, he was allowed to plead
guilty to petty larceny.
Carun to Oakland too T.ate.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 27.— Jefferson
Donauoo, who came to Oakland from
Fresno three months ago for his health,
died yesterday, at 1041 Poplar 6treet, of
consumption, after an illness of several
years. He took pneumonia several years
ago and never fully recovered from the
effects, which left bis lungs in a weakened
condition.
He moved his family to Oakland four
years ago. but had to return owing to his
business interests, which were all in
Fresno and required a great deal of his
attention. Owing to the extreme heat he
came to Oakland 1 again, but not in time to
benefit his health.
He leaves a widow and grown family.
The funeral will be held Wednesday from
the residence under the auspices of the
Knights Templar, of which he was a
member.
A Practical Demonstration.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 27.— T0-morrow
morning at 11 o'clock City Veterinarian
Pierce will hold an autopsy, at which he
has asked the City Council to be present
in a body.
The operation will be performed at 1720
Webster street, and the subject is a cow
on which he has used the tuberculine test.
He is desirous of knowing to what extent
the disease, which was shown by the test,
has developed. It is also his desire to
demonstrate to the members of the Coun
cil the reliability of his test.
THE PASSING OF A CITY
Trestle Glen Campers Depart for
All Sections of the
State.
An Ancient Vehicle Which Brought
a Hallelujah Crowd Up
From Hollister.
Oaklawd Office San Frascisoo Call,)
908 Broadway, July 27. )
The big city of tents was wrecked in an
hour this morning and by noon, its deni
zens were en route to all parts of the State.
The camp-meeting is looked upon as a
two week's holiday of the Salvation Army
and when it closes they all depart re
freshed ready to make new conquests in
their various fields.
One of the earliest risers this morning
was Brigadier Keppel and the demolition
of his canvas headquarters was the signal
for the exodus from the glen. Tents in all
directions were quickly leveled and a little
later were packed on wagons with all the
other utensils that go to make up a camp
and finally the campers got on top and the
caravansaries drove off.
It was a picturesque procession that
drove along the dusty road leading from
tne glen. One of the most notable vehi
cles was an old stagecoach that had rat
tled many miles in San Benito County. It
was an interesting thing, and its irregular
wheels, and its sides with cracked paint,
and its long awning that reached out far
ahead of the horses' tails, and its cracked
windows and its guard-deck in the stern
all looked like fragments of a chapter of
the ptfst. Certainly no such coach has
been built for forty years. It bad a banner
tacked on its side that read: "8. ■A. con
tingent, Trestle Glen to Hollister." The
banner had done duty before, but it had
been cut and the words "Hollister" and
"Trestle Glen" had changed placos.
All kinds of wagons and all kinds of
people were in the procession. The equip
ages looked dusty and the riders looked
weary and as if they were glad to be
headed homeward once more.
The camp-meeting has Deen a great suc
cess, according to the statements of those
in charge. Nearly 400 people have been
at the penitent form, and the financial end
has not been neglected. Brigadier Keppel
explained that a camp-meeting is a very
expensive thing for the various corps that
attend. The officers are without the usual
offerings at their barracks for two weeKs
and they have no other source of income,
so the camp-meeting is depended upon for
the deficiency in rent and the means of
support. The only event that marred the
daily routine was the accident to the elec
tric road yesterday, which delayed all
travel for about three hours.
This evening all the Salvationists' tents
are gone and the glen is deserted. The
big pavilion will resound for the rest of
the year with the mirth and laughter of
midnight revelry and the sign on the salon
door, "Closed during the Salvation Army
camp-m eting," has been laid away till
next year.
Unborn babies in India are sometimes
used as security for debt. When the father
of a family is obliged to borrow money to
defray the expenses of his daughter's wed
ding n« will pledge her first-born son as
collateral.
EDWARD BARNETT
IS EDWARD BAER.
The Weil-Known Warrant
Broker Startles a
Deputy.
SWEARS TO TWO NAMES.
Some Doubt as to Which Name
Should Be on the Reg
ister.
COUNTY CLEBK IN DOUBT.
Baer Explains How He Came to Bs
Known as Edward Bar*
nett.
Oakland Office San Fkancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 27. [
Edward Barnett, the warrant-broker, is
not Edward Barnett at all. He is Edward
Baer; but his right name is known only
to himself and a deputy county clerk.
Everybody who does city and county
official business in Oakland knows Edward
Barnett. He is known to every municipal
employe, as well as to heads of depart
ments. Occasionally he has done business
with Mayors, but one and all have thought
the broker's name was Barnett.
Saturday afternoon E. Barnett was at
the County Clerk's office swearing to some
claims, which is about the only business
he transacts in that office. A deputy
asked him to register. Barnett replied
that he bad registered already. The clerk
searched the affidavits, but found none
sworn to by Edward Barnett, and he so
informed him.
Barnett then said he had registered as
Edward Baer, and such proved to be the
case.
When the matter was called to the atten
tion of County Clerk Jordan he said that
he would hare to submit the matter to
the District Attorney, as he was not sure
whether he (Jordan) was justified in allow
ing his name to remain on the great reg
ister.
"Barnett is in a peculiar position," said
Mr. Jordan to-day. "He has been in this
office scores of times and has sworn that
his name is Edward Barnett. He has
served on juries and sworn that his name
is Edward Barnett, and that is the name
by which everybody in Oakland knows
him. Now he comes into the office and
registers and swears that his name is Ed
ward Baer. When he goes to a voting
booth I would not blame any officer for re
fusing to allow him to vote as Baer. The
matter is a very peculiar one, for it is evi
dent that no man can legally possess two
names at once and transact business with
both."
Edward Barnett says that he is not
aware that he has done anything illegal.
"My real name is Baer,'' he said this afur
noon, "and I have that Dame on my pass
port from Germany and on my citizenship
papers, and I always register by that
name, so that if Igo back to Europe I
should have no trouble. Many years ago
my father found that there was so much
difficulty in getting his name spelt right
that he decided to change it. He had a
brother who had changed to Barnett, and
so be took the same name. Then I took
it, and have done business under that
name. I hope I have not caused myself
or anybody else any trouble by having two
names."
OFFERS EIGHT THOUSAND.
The First Congregational Church
Wants Rev. Dr. Stimpson
for Its Pastor.
He Is a Prominent New York Preacher,
bat His Acceptance Is a Matter
of Doubt.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 27. j
Much surprise was manifested to-day in
church circles when it became known that
the First Congregational church was mak
ing a desperate effort to obtain Rev. Dr.
Stimpson of New York as their pastor. It
is stated that negotiations have been go
ing on for some weeks, but that Dr. Stimp
son is not particularly anxious to come to
this city. All manner of inducements
have been offered, and the committee has
offered as an additional Inducement to
raise tne salary from $6000 to $8000.
The First Church has been without a
pastor for over a year. Since Rev. Dr. Mc-
Lean resigned to accept the presidency of
the Pacific Theological Seminary the
church has been trying to obtain a perma
nent pastor. Several have been negotiated
with, but all have refused to accept. A
few months ago Rev. C. E. Jefferson was
sent a check to come from Chelsea, Mass.,
and preach a couple of weeks. He was
very acceptable, but after getting home
again he concluded that he was better off
where he now is.
Rev. John Halleck, a preacher of note,
who resigned his pastorate in Tacoma
somewhat suddenly a few months ago
and who has since been in Oakland, was
thought to be a candidate for Dr. McLean's
place, but he has not been approached,
and now the news is given out that Dr.
Stimpsou of New York is the man who
would be acceptable to the big and wealthy
congregation.
Dr. Stimpson is at present pastor of a
large church and it is very uncertain
whether he can be prevailed upon to come
out West. The committee muse to dis
cuss their plans, but admit that they are
still looking for a suitable man.
For More Improvements.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 27.— Tuesday
night the West Oakland Improvement
Club will hold a meeting, at which much
business of importance will be brought
up. The executive committee met Satur
day night and discussed several proposi
tions which will be taken up at this meet
ing.
The opening of Wood street will be con
sidered, and it is now expected that the
club will push the contemplated improve
ment through to completion. The matter
of the location of the proposed park will
be settled, if possible, at this meeting.
This will be no easy task, for the members
are somewhat divided upon this subject
themselves. Some want to have it located
near the Sixteenth-street station, while
the others want it between Peralta and
Adeline streets.
Auction Sales
S. BASCII, [
Auctioneer and Commission Merchant,
;. Office 1048 Market st. Tel. S7l South.
GRAND AUCTIO.N SALE THIS DAY,
Tuesday ...............July 28. !S^r>,
At 11 o'clock A. M. at 1104 VAN NESS AVENTJK.
I will sell by. order of -Mrs. C. O. Alexander prior
to her departure for Europe the elegant, well Kept
and most costly furnishings of the above residence, j
comprising. In : part: ' 1 elegant Hart man Upright
Piano, unsurpassed for volume of tone and beauty
of 11r.1.-h; 1 grand Estee Organ, with 10 stops,
cost 350; 1 hand-polished Mahoeany Table, brass
trimmed, latest style; Apiece .Parlor Set, uphol-
stered In Oriental silk damask with solid mahog-
any frames, cost $ 200. something very rarely of-
fered at public auction: also oad Parlor Pieces in
silk, plush, ' broca-el - and damask: large
French Plate Mirrors, Steel Line-Encrav- i
ings, . Pedestals, Bric-a-brac; ■" genuine - Tnrfe-
i h and . Royal Wilton Rugs, • massive
Bedroom Set with Tennessee marble top and l«ree ;
bevel edge plate glass, something superb; Chif-
fonier to match; 3 Oak Bedroom Bet» -very mas-
sive and superbly carved: set of Leather Library
Chairs. Oak Bookcase, Oak Beading Tables, books j
by local authors, very massive Sideboard, Ten-
nessee marble top, with heavy plate mirror; 14- [
foot Extension Table, with 12 leather Chairs to
roach; polisheJ quarter-sawed Oak Buffer Table, i
Silverware, Pearihandle Cutlery, fine Havlland i
China Dinner and Tea Sets, expensive Boneraian |
cut Glassware, Agate and Tin Ware; also, almost
new High-grade Bicycle, completely equipped;
Body Brussels, Royal Wilton Carpets throughout
the bouse. Special attention Is called to buy-
ers of tine furniture and costly bric-a-brac, as this is
a rare chance to get first-class goods such as these
at public auction.
' TERMSCASH. S. BASCH. Auctioneer
CHIEF ROGERS INDIGNANT
He Says Dr. Bovard Does Net
Know What He Is Talking
About.
Useless for Him to Crowd the Courts
With Arrests Until the Present
Cases Are Disposed Of.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. July 27.— City Mar
shal Rogers feels hurt at the reflections
cast upon the police force of Alameda and
le habits of its citizens. In speaking of
the sermon delivered last night by Dr. Bo-
Yard, he said:
"I think Dr. Bovard doesn't know what
he is talking about, but some one evi
dently is prodding him on in this matter,
and it should be stopped, for the good of
the city. He says I think it is' his duty to
run down and arrest evildoers. I don't
think anything of the kind, because I
don't think he is competent to do so. But
I have said that if he knows that gambling
is going on, it is his duty as a good citizen
to make complaint on wnich the authori
ties can act. I do not know that gam
bling, as he says, is conducted in this city,
and I say that'it is not true that it is.
"I notice also he says that a police
forre that hangs about saloons swearing
and drinking is a breeder, not a sup
pressor, of vice. Now that's a remark en
tirely uncalled for. Where would you ex
pect a policeman to be in search of crimi
nal or evil-minded persons? Would he
have us in his church? I say there is no
city in California where the police do less
hanging about saloons than in Alameda,
and there's no city better conducted or
with less need of police.
"The people who play draw poker ia this
city are very well known. There are
about twenty of them. There are two
cases pending before the Eecorder, ana of
what use would it be for me to crowd the
court with more arrests for playing draw
poker until these cases are settled? There
is a question whether or not the City
Trustees can pass an ordinance making
poker playing a crime, when the State law
does not name it as one of the prohibited
games. lam willing that strange officers
shall come to Alameda and see whether
there is any eambling here or any better
behaved or quieter town. !>
The cases Chief Marshal Rogers speaks
of were instituted by the City Attorney
against Joseph Enieric and Powell Bros,
in the month of April. On April 29 the
case of Emenc was gone into before the
City Recorder, and judgment was reserved.
The case against Powell was reserved until
that of Emeric was disposed of. Since
then Powell Bros, have sold their business.
Another Judgment for the City.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 27.— 1n the be
ginning of May, F. N. Delanoy proceeded
to erect poles on the city's streets. He
kept on with the work until June 1,
when the Street Superintendent with a
force of men started in to pull them out
and confiscate them. An injunction was
at once issued restraining Superintendent
Frodden from interfering with the poles,
and Delanoy stopped putting any more
up. To-day" Judge Ogden sustained the
city's demurrer to Delanoy's complaint,
and gave him five days to make answer
and amend the same.
Parlor Suffrage Meeting.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 27.— Woman
suffrage parlor meetings are becoming
very popular. A most successful one was
held at the residence of Mrs. Fiala, 1719
Santa Clara avenue, on Saturday evening,
at which addresses were delivered by
Colonel T. P. Dickenson, Green Majors
and Rev. G. R. Dodson. Miss Morris,
Mrs. Fletcher and Dr. Fletcher contributed
a choice selection of musical numbers.
Severed an Artery.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 27. — Captain
James W. Dumbrell. a pressman by voca
tion, living at 412 Larkin street, San Fran
cisco, came across the bay yesterday to
spend the day with his relatives. In the
morning he went for a bicycle ride that
nearly co^t him his life. He hired a bicy
cle, and having enued his ride rode up the
runway from the street across the side
walk to the entrance of the cyclery before
dismounting. He did not alight quickly
enough, and t!:e wheel slipped from him,
pitching him headlong through the giass
of the show window.
He was wedged in so tightly that the
pane had to be broken to draw hie head
out. Thai, it was found he was bleeding
severely from cuts on his face and neck.
One gash on the neck severed an artery
that required immediate attention. Frank
St. Sure, a medical student at Cooper's
College, was fortunately at hand, and
stancned the hemorrhage until a doctor
could be obtained.
The patient was taken to the home of his
mother-in-law, Mrs. M. J. McKenny, 1613
Benton street, and later on in the day had
recovered sufficiently to return home.
City Trustees. *
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 27.— The Board
of Trustees held its usual meeting this
evening. The electrician's report lor the
months of May and June showed receipts
from private consumers, $524 55; value of
light supplied to public buildings and
streets, $1651 85; disbursements, $1865 37.
Bills, including salaries for current
month, amounting to $3577 77, were or
dered paid.
The board will meet as a Board of Equal
ization on the second Monday in August
and ordered a notice of that fact inserted
in the city official paper. The Odd Fel
lows' Hall Association was granted per
mission to alter their building and build
a banquet* room in the attic story.
The City Cierk presented his annual re
port, suggesting among other things that
the bookkeeping in city offices be better
systemized. ' On recommendation of the
Clerk the Kings-avenue opening fund was
closed by transfer of 7 cents to the general
fund and a similar action was taken with
regard to the 28 cents in the Buena Vista
avenue opening fund.
Use for Tin Cases.
In Paris the thousands of sardine and
other tin boxes that are thrown away
every month form the basis for an indus
try which has reached vast proportions,
and in which the entire youth of the coun
try are interested. These refuse cans are
stamped into tin soldiers by suitable ma
chines and sold so cheaply thai the poor
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE
Of Personal Property.
In the Matter of the Estate of MAHY EJIMA
LA WTOS. Deceased.
THIS DAY, TUESDAY, JULY 28, 1896,
At 12 o'clock m.. at Residence,
Rear of 643 FoLsom St.. Bet. .'id and 3d,
I Will Sell, at Public Auction,
A Lot of Househo d Furniture. Clothing and Per-
sonal Effects. J. T. TABBY, Auctioneer,
30 Montgomery street.
C. D. CUSHING, Administrator.
Terms Cash in U. ts. Gold Coin. __li_
Vauctioisile!
*?* Jfc±& si^ £&
Thursday July 30, 1896,
....At 11 a. m.. at....
Sunset Horse Market, 220 Valencia st.,
■ ! - ... . WE WILL BKLI.. ...
60 Head of Hound Young Horses, broKen and un-
broken, from 4 to 7 years old, weighing from 1000
to 140U lbs; also, Saddle Horses and Polo Ponies
No reserve or limit.
SULLIVAN « DOYLE, Auctioneers.
est children can possess them; yet the
manufacturer makes a fair profit:, which
he could not do if he used new material.
-. — • — ♦ — •
Fishes That Yawn.
It is not generally known that fish yawn.
The writer saw a turbot yawn twice and a
cod once, the latter being one of tbe widest
yawns accomplished by any animal of its
size. The yawn of a'turbot, being some
thing not commonly seen, deserves more
particular description. A turbot's mouth
is twisted on one side, rather as if it had
belonged to a round fish which some one
had accidentally trodden on and squashed
half flat The yawn begins at tne lips,
which open as if to suck in water. Then
the jaws become distended and it is seen
that this is going to be a real, genuine sub
marine fish's yawn. But the yawn goes
on, works through the back of the head,
distending the plates of the skull, and
comes out at the gills, which open, show
the red inside, are inflated for a moment
and then, with a kind of stretching shiver
of the back, the fish flattens out again un
til, if unusually bored, it relieves itself by
another yawn. — London Spectator.
NO RESPECT FOR OLD AGE.
Special 0 fleer Munson Knocks
Down a Half-Invalid
Named Martin.
The Old Man Breaks a Chair Over the
Officer's Head on a Street
Corner.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, July 27. J
The sight of a young man striking a
gray-haired old man a- stinging blow in
the mouth and the old gentleman belabor
ing the young man over the head with a
chair was what met the eyes to-night of
passengers as the streetcars turned "Cre
go's corner" in East Oakland.
It was the result of an old family feud
wherein Mr. Munson and a Mr. Martin
had quarreled about a sidewalk and steps.
To-night Mr. Martin's son, who is a spe
cial police officer, met Martin at Crego'a
corner, where a crowd congregate every
night. The old quarrel was taken up by
the son and Munson. Words grew hot
and the bystanders advised peace. Fi
nally the police officer landed a blow as
quick as a flush on the old man's mouth,
cutting a gash in the upper lip.
The old man was equally as qnick and
struck Martin over the head a stinging
blow, knocking all of the rounds out of
the chair. Blows fell thick and fast, with
honors about even, but Martin backed off
a step or two and down into the street,
when Munson struck the old man a blow
that floored him. By this time bystanders
interfered and parted the couple. Martin
was helped up and stood half dazed, while
Munson went back home to clean up.
Mr. Martin is a harmless old man, who
does a great deal of talking. He is affected
with heart disease, and some of his friends
claim that he may drop dead from the ex
citement. He seldom leaves home without
company, as he is always seriously affected
by excitement.
SEEKING FOR A TERMINUS
President Asano of the Proposed
Steamship Line to This Coun
try Due To-Day.
Will Meet With a Cordial Recept on
by Those Mcst Interested in the
Port's Commerce.
President Socharino Asano of the Tovo
Risen Kaisha, the Japanese steamship
company which is seeking for a terminus
on this coast for its proposed line of steam
ships from Yokohama, will arrive in this
City to-day from Seattle.
Arrangements have already been mad*
by Traffic Manager W. 3. Curtis of tbe
California Traffic Association for an inter
view with the chief officer of this enter
prising Japanese company for the pur
pose of bringing to his notice in a lorcible
and favorable light the advantages of this
port as a terminus for the Toyo Risen
Raisha line of vessels.
One of the chief obstacles in tbe way of
a new trans- Pacific line of steamers coming
to San Francisco is the peculiar combina
tion of interests that exist between the
Southern Pacific Company and the Pacific
Mail ana Occidental and Oriental steam
ship companies. It has been stated on
the most reliable authority that the
Southern Pacific Company, through its
partiality for the two steamship compa
nies mentioned, prevented one steamship
line from coming to San Francisco by de
clining to make desirable concessions to it.
With a knowledge of these facts the first
step will be to arrange a conference with
the traffic officials of the railroad com
pany at which President Asano will be
present and also Traffic Manager Curtis.
The latter gentleman fully realizes the im
portance of this movemfent and is giving a
large portion of l<is time and energy to
bringing about its successful culmination.
"I think I have enough facts and argu
ments to present to President Asano,'' said
I Mr. Curtis yesterday, "to convince him
that San Francisco is'the terminus for his
line. I don't believe for a moment that
these outside points can offer the facilities
that we can, nor the business."
On behall of the Japanese Government
Sho Kemoto is investigating along the
same lines as President Asano and in con
nection with the latter's nroposed line,
but while Nemoto's report will be simply
a recommendation the final decision will
rest with the company itself. It is for
this line that San Diego is now making
such great efforts. Seattle. Portland and
Tacoma are also competitors in this mat
ter.
Should the conference with the South
ern Pacific Company result satisfactorily
President Asano will be asked to meet the
members of the Chamber of Commerce,
the San Francisco Board of Trade and the
Traffic Association, when he will learn
more fully what be has to expect in the
way of support from the local merchants.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<)-r)KEAR.\TKT. ' Established
, In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
I disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. 'l-hedoctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. ■* Charges low
|(tirfi.gn»r:inirpd. Callorwrite.
as. J. r. utBBON.Box 1937.SaaFr*ociKA
1314
SAUSALITO WILL
HAVE A "NIGHT."
Marin County Proposes to
Hold a Glorious Car
nival.
IT IS TO BE UNIQUE.
«
The Idea Originated With Com
modore Bruce and Editor
J. H. Pryor.
MASS-MEETING ON THURSDAY.
Red Fires Will Gleam From the Peaks.
The Bay Will B- Ablaze With
Light.
"A Night in Bausalito" will be a night
when the pretty Marin hill town will be
a blaze of light from peak to bay. Among
the trees electric lamps and colored fires
will glow, and out on the water hundreds
of tugs, yachts and small boats will dart
to and fro amid the most splendid illu
mination.
The idea originated with Commodore
C. C. Bruce of the San Francisco Yacht
Club and Editor J. ri. Pryor of the Sausa
lito. News. Commodore Bruce is one of
the Town Trustees and Mr. Pryor is Town
Clerk, consequently the plan of "A Night
in Sausalito" has official backing.
"We will not know definitely what fea
tures we will have," said Editor Pryor
yesterday, "until we have our mass-meet
ing next Thursday evening; but we will
have an affair thatf will be unrivaled in
completeness and splendor. Altboueh the
thing is yet in its incipiency the citizens
of Sausalito are moving individually in
the matter. Already a pood sum of money
is piedged without a single canvasser hav
ing been sent out.
"There will be no literary programme or
any form of entertainment other than the
grand illumination that will blaze out all
over the place. As the only expense will
be the usual ferry fare we expect that
thousands of people will cross the bay to
attend the 'night.' The North Pacific
Coast Railroad Company will be well rep
resented on the committees and conse
quently arrangements will be made re-
carding good and safe transportation.
"Tne carnival will take place near the
first of September on a night when there
is no fog or wind, if possible.
"Even at this early date we have chosen
a few features which may be mentioned.
On the lofty point of rocks above the
town a mammoth red-fire will be kept
burning all evening. Five or six hundred
pounds of the brilliant inflammable com
pound will be conveyed to the peak and
the flame will be seen from every point on
San Francisco Bay. To-morrow our town
electric system will be inaugurated and
we have made arrangements to have extra
wires and lamps run all over the bill. We
will also have strung calcium lights at
different points. An electric lighting com
pany from the City will assist us in this.
"There are about a dozen large ships
moored here, and they will be bronht
down ana anchored off the town. Lanterns,
lamps and colored lights trill gleam from
their lofty yards and mastheads, making
a noble, a grand water display. All of the
yacht clubs will participate and their
pretty illuminations will complete the
glorious display.
° "There will be a marine parade in which
every floating craft will take part. If there
are any war vessels at hand they will be
present, and their officers and crews in
vited to become a feature of the affair.
"Several bands of music will be stationed
at different points on the hill and bay.
Thousands of Japanese lanterns will be
lighted and swung from the trees and
from every conceivable place over the
town.
" 'A Night in Sausalito' will rival day in
the splendor of illumination. A queen of
the 'nicht' will be elected by popular vote."
A mass-meeting will be held at the
Town Hall Thursday evening, to which
everybody on eacn side of the bay is in
vited. Then full arrangements will be
made and the actual work of the coming
carnival begun.
Smallest Mayor in the World.
A veritable Ohio party sat in the lobby
oi the Raleigh last evening, when fully
half a dozen Buckeyes joined each other
by chance. One of them was Major George
Anderson of Springfield, says the Wash
ington Times.
"Our city will probably next spring en
joy the distinction of having the smallest
Mayor in tbe world," said he. "All that
is lacking is his election, for he has an
nounced himself as a candidate. His
name is Colonel Joseph Leffel. His popu
larity is very great.
"He is one of the most noted personages
in the work) and is even smaller than Gen
eral Tom Thumb. Repeated fabulous
offers have been made to him to travel for
exhibition purposes, but he has always
declined and turned nis attention to rais
ing fancy poultry and pet dogs, from
which he made quite a fortune.
"Colonel Leffei was born in 1833. It is
Baid his father was 6 feet 1 inch high
in his stocking feet, and tnat bis mother
weighed 200 pounds. He married a little
Jady scarcely larger ttian himself, and
they have four pretty children, all of nor
mal size. The candidate once was a mem
ber of the City Council."— Pittsbure Dis
patch.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Lynch, Placerviiie J A Armstrong, Chicago
C Shaver, Chicago C B Grant * w. Chicagi;
C F Belger. Oteton « W Wyn.an, New York
J E Pot and* w, Newport B L Deianev, Chicago
J FLunt, New York H Sidney, New Yorx
Miss E Francis, N York C H Wise, Cincinnati
H X Pieters, St Paul MisiH Pelerp ace.S Paul
E R Bowen, St Paul F 1 ummiugs, Seattle
W Henry, Seattle E H (iomph, Eugene
X M N. el, California C Ward & im. Tovey
S P Smith, Sun Jose Mrs E H Stephen, Vlaalia
o»iss I Stephen, Visalla Miss M Stephen, Visalla
J Locker, U s N
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
J H Thompson, Deuver L C Barron. N V
Mrs Foster, Stockton R Clesoml, Stockton
J Wyn, Los Angeles W D Jones, Angels Camp
V U <ulver. Stockton R Murray, A ngvls Camp
U Sargent. Colo A Williams, Colo
I btormont, la>» Angeles H Thorisen, Los Anieles
< 1 nerden <fe wf. Pa W T (Jrove & wf, Byron
W E Fullmer, Bta Crur F Olsen. Sacramento
C A harr, N V C Carson. Virginia City
I Elliott, Merced A H Grinbach. N V
Mrs stanton & dr, Ar- H Button. Santa Cruz
buckle J C Donovan, n V
Miss Lancaster, Oakdale S X Lotta, Stockton
W Butler & fy, Byron M Kenne, Elk (irove
R Smith. Sacramcnio D Ferris, Sacramento
M J Ratscon, Los a ngeles
LICK HOUSE.
W W Seaman, Sue H L Writ, Stockton
Mrs E C Blake, Eureka F A Coe, >an Jose
(i X Edwards, Ariz Mrs A M Gardner <&f,Cl
Mrs sehallart <t fy, Cal M Lindsey, Cal
H Baruch, Sa'i Berdo OA Nourse, Fresno
A I) i.tc Key, Phil a J F P.oss & fy, Kas Cit
\V E Carter. Stockton B E Hand, Chicago
J G Mitchell, Kas City Francis bond, Montere
J Kelly. Portland J C Jensen, Ferndale
Mrs McCox, Cal O Hueter <fe w, S Cruz
CL La Rue &w, Napa M B Say re, Lakeport
(i M Mott. Sac Ming Molt, Sac
Mrs E A At.er, Fresno X Kemm, Cal
C U MacliO'iiilti. Los An << Wooster, Los An
H Main, Los(,Htos t P PtUnon, :«no
F M «' Hal!, I- lali -|ien<er. Sun Jose
T Cavanaiigh, Salem II V, l.card, Chir-ago
J s Oliver. Chicago A J BJartli* fy, Idaho
G P Ke:to, Monterey R CtfWf, Salin»i< ( ity
Mrs W Davin, Naj-a <'Sr.'war(l St IxjuU "
J Levy <fc son, Tehama P. W Robartaon, <al
R J Vincent, N Jersey <i I' lirowu, Re-lding
C X Buckley, Mt View C P Aguew, b i'.osa
GRAND HOTEL.
p H Morse. SI. Oblspo C M Weber, Stockton
J S Jenninci *w. Ca: F Flint, San Juan
£ B Stone, Stockton T Alton, Santa Cruz
W X Brown, Kings City A Smith, w <fe c, Stockton
R T Devlin, Sac 0 A Helm, Sac
j c Tappe 1, L Angeles Q W Chandler, 8 crus
j \v Mucee, Chico Miss Raymond. P Grove
F liartleu, Livermore Miss N Bartlett, Cal
Miss May Banlett, Cal C Wetmore, suisun
Mrs (i H Smith, Fresno Mrs 11 \V Wilbur, Fresno
O H Henika *w, Mich 0 W Baxteli. N V
.Miss Mason, C Park Miss (J ray, College Park
I' L Wilbur, Stanford J Griflin <fe w, Tacoma
J P O'Brien, S Andr-as I Cole man, Oregon
J L Barham, San Jose A X Lcmmon, a Rosa
c B Moore, i-ania Clara G H Thomas, Detroit
F n Clark, Mnrysvllle 8 B Parsons. Fresno
Wm Pickeis, Di nver H S Van Gorderi, Denver
I. C ( 'roller, G Valley J N Bailiiache, Cal
I. srhufcitzer, salt Lake M B Cumniiiigs. Denver
X J (ufrey, Denver R S Huries, Brooklyn
A X Hurles, Brooklyu W U Garnet: ft w, Dizon
J C Boyd. sac Jas OS ei!l. Sac
A Creasan, Vallejo R A hosier, Big Trees
PALACE HOTEL.
S Graham, U 8 N F Lyon. U S-N
(i B i.t-iin, USS J McNulta & w, Chicago
11 d (one, D B N L F James, D H N
X McLion. USS W P Scott, 0 B 3
A Mr.Millajufc w.Toledo Miss E H Holes, Toledo
W McGurre, Palo Alto T F Burydorff. Us N
W X IVller. NY WE Jt-nens Jr, Chicago
C N sterrv, H Mci F Holternoft, L Angeles
Mrs E T Mcllenrv. Term Mrs Ii Yort, Term
Mrs A Watts, Term C N Stuart, ChUago
X X Gtaastile, Ohio Mrs D Davis, Ohio
L Rinaido, San Jose M V Haight, N V
W J Dingee, Oakland Mrs W J Dingee, Oaklnd
W i: Hal-, s Quentin G O Kimball, Red Bluff
H Thuermlcr, Pittsburg Mrs Buckingham, Vacavl
Jl W Wrisht, San Jose I Stemine, N V
Mrs H W Wright, S Jose Mrs Menime, N V
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F M Bain. Philadelphia J J Pfister, Suisun
11 Sachman, Alameda J M Anzutano. Los Ang
C J de Roo, Benlcia J P Burns, Boston
E Fowler, Nev L Bowor'e. Sacramento
F C Stettle, Dayton C H Mathews. Dayton
C J McDoDald, I'SS J D McDonald. U S X
F J H Manning <S w, Or G C Belter, CBN
G Cross, USX Miss Smith, Vallejo
J H Williams, Fresno Mrs J C Maaton, Los Acg
H Dillon, Astoria F A Abbotte, Astoria
C Armstrong, Astoria
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of theSanFranclscoCAXXr
-710 Market street, open until 13 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 830 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:80 o'clock.
889 Hayes street, open nntll 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, «pen
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock
NOTICE OF MKIiTINGs.
If——' GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. ■""
! tars' F. and A. M.— Called meeting THIS A
ITUESDAY) EVENING. July 28, at7:3o"«_f
! o'clock. D. 3. GEO. J. HOB-, Sec. /xr\
J 9PSS' GOLDEN UATK LODGE NO. 30, A
I at :^' ! F. and A. m.— members are re- _JV_
! quested to attend the funeral of Brother S.3P
AMOS U. RUGG. THIS (TUESDAY) f%^\
AFTERNOON, July 28, at 2 o'clock, from the
Presbyterian Church, East Oakland, under the
auspices of Brooklyn Lodge No. 225. -
GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary.
»^55» PACIFIC LODGE NO. 136. F. AND ■~*
EPjS' A . M., 121 Eddy St., meets THIB_A
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. D. 8. IT X
1 GEORGE PKNLINGTON. Sec. /VN
■ESs?~^CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 5, «
IS-©' R. A. M.. will meet THIS (TUES- £%
DAY) EVENING, July .'B, at":3o o'clock, If Jf
P. M. and M. E. M. degrees. By orderor the r^y\
H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec
«rrS= WALDECK SANITARIUM— ANNUAL
&->* ? meeting cf the stockholders will be held at
717 Jones street on TUESDAY, August 4, at
8:30 P. M. WINSLOW ANDERSON, President.
C. E. Cooper, Secretary.
tp~g= OFFICE OF THE GERMAN SAVINGS
Bf~~ and Loan society— annual meeting of
the stockholders of the German Savings and Loan
Society will be held at the office of the society, No.
526 California street. In the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, on MONDAY,
the 10th day of August, 1896, at 3 o'clock p. m.,
for the election of a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the . transaction of such
other business as shall legally come before the
meeting. GEO. TOURNY, Secretary. I
IKS 3 THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
KSi~ of the Pacific Coast-Dredging and Reclama-
tion Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 15 Steuart street, San Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY, the 4th day of August, 1896, at 3
o'clock p. _, for the purposs of electing a board of
trustees to serve during the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may come
beiore the meeting.
M. J. MADISON, Secretary.
H_3s=» CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
2^6" the WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
in the United States or Canada one year for $1 50,
postage free.
hP_CIAX. NOTICES. ;,
'■ I^^^^OCTORsTaTTE NTION ! I WILL F VR-
I _t««? nish a single rig as good as the city affords
I and reliable driver for S5O per month. Address
: E. A., box 67, this office.
ttSEr* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
I »-*' . collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy St.. room 6. T<»'.. 6580.
SITUATIONS VVASTKU-FEMALE.
TVTEAT BWEDISHGIRL, WITH REFER-NCE^
— > desires a situation to do cooking and house-
work. J. F. CROSETT & CO. . 312 Sntter St.
C" R. HANSKN & CO., 110 GEARY ST.,
\J> furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, Phone or mall us your orders: prompt at-
tention guaranteed ; telephone Grant 185.
RS. M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET ST.;
only first-class female he.p furnished.
PANISH WIDOW, LATE FROM CITY OK
Mexico, would like situation as housekeeper.
Apply 105 Larkln st., room 2..
ERMAN GIRL DESIRES POSITION FOR
VT upstairs work, waiting at table and sewing;
Inqr. 1512 Leavenworth, bet. Pacific and Jackson.
OUNG GERMAN GIRL. WISHES SITUA-
X tion for housework and plain cooking; wages
$15. Call 438 Fifth su s
/COMPETENT MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN,
\J good cook and laundress, wishes a situation: I
no objections to general housework: cltyorroon- '
try. Apply 2118 California St., near Laguna.
IDDLE-AGfc-D AMERICAN LADY WISHES
situation as chambermaid; room and board-
wages *15 ; in city or Oakland. Call or address E.
D., 554V<i Stevenson st.
li'n— NUU COOK AND FRENCH NURBEGIRL
J 1 want situations together; good references. Ad-
dress F. G., box 117, Call Office.
■y OUNG GIR* FROM THE EAST WISHES a
X situation as second work or in small family
Please call 237 N atoms St.
OMPETENT WOMAN WANTS HOUSE AN i i
office cleaning by the day will sweep and wash
windows. Address F. H., box 1 17, Call Office.
/ i jsemax girl wants situation for
VJ general housework or second work. 1024
Howard St., room 22. ,
IRL WANTS- A -SITUATION TO DO GEN-
eral housework; is willing and obliging; has
good reference. Call 31 Fourteenth, nr. Foleom. •
(COMPETENT GIRL WISHES A SITUATION
*> for general housework: is & good, plain cook;
German or American family; wages $20 to $25.
Apply 1219 Devlsadero st.
GtERMAN GIRL WANTS A SITUATION TO
VX do cook Ing or general housework la private
family. Inquire TorK-sU Hotel, «l Turk st.
YOUNG WIDOW WISHES A POSITION AS
X working housekeeper; city or country. Call or
address MRS. C, 240 Harriet st., off Sixth, near
Harrison.
LDERLY PERSON WISHES TO DO GEN-
eral housework; city or country. 1503 Fol-
som St., "hear Eleventh.
RESSMAKER AND SEAMsTRKSS; GOOD
fitter; sews for 50 cents a day. - G. F., box 96.
Call office. .
ELIABLE WIDOW WISHES SITUATION
IX as working housekeeper in respectable family
or as invalid's nurse. : 218 Ninth st.
yOU.NO GIRL WOULD LIKE A SITUATION
X to assist in light housework. Please call 623
Potrero live., near Eighteenth.
LDERLY LADY., WAMS = FAMILY MEND-
JU ing and plain ' sewing: 50c per day. Address
MRS. HOWARD. 706 <■ alliornla st.
X7" OUNG WOMAN WISHES A SITUATION TO
X do housework, plain cooking or mind children:
reference glve'n.'- Call tor 3 days 1017 Cronogue
aye.; rear of Fair Oaks St., beu Twenty-second and
Twenty-third. -, • . :
TjMNN GIRL WOULD LIKE SITUATION TO
X I do general housework. Address or call M. 8.,
16% Fra-ion st.
IDDLK-AGED WOMAN WANTS PLACE
for general housework; , can give 4 years'
reference; wages $12. to $13. Apply 208 Golden
Gate aye. . .— :
I KST-CLASS SWEDISH GIRL; CAN DO
X chamber work or take care of an invalid: 2
years last place. 315 Sutler st. '
BY STRONG BWEDISH GIRL FOR COOKING
or housework; 4 years' reference; can take full
coarse of housekeeping. 315 Sutter St. . . ;-, =.
GOOD SWEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUATION
VJ-for general housework-, wages $20 per month;
nrst-class references. - 1125 Stevenson at.
yoUNG WIDOW WISH is SITUATION AS
X housekeeper or any other light work. ■ Call 110
Sixth si., room 10. . '
-yOL'NG GIRL WISHES POSITION TO CARE
,-L for child and astlst. Call at 532 Eddy st.
SWEDISH GIRL .W A NTS LIGHT ~HOUBE-
■work. Address toys, Third st., room 17.
Ur A NTED -BY A COMPETENT LADY. PO-
-11 sition as either housekeeper to a widower with
cnlldren or companion: | is a thorough housekeeper
and seamstress._ Address MRS. D., box 81, Call
COMPETENT KKFINED"GKRMAN "GrRL,
VJ with excellent reference; wishes a position as
s'a^r^^k'tw^jr 1 -»««-■ °*»
NUMBER UF FIRsT-CLASs GIRLS AWaIT-
1* ing sltnatlons at the Swedish and German Em-
ployment Bureau— MßS NORTON, 315 sutter. ■
1) ESPECTABLE WIDOW WISHES SITUa:
X\i lion as housekeeper: city or country no ob-
jection to : children. * Call < or address 10 Anthony
•t., oft Mission, near Second. »umwuy
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 28, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
"\\r ANTED — POSITION BY A.FRENCH
»» housekeeper; m full' care of -the home; also in
absence of owners; English spoken; terms moder-
ate. Address Housekeeper. 2: 2'J l .'ij Mission su .
THIRST-CLASS ► DRESSMAKER WANTS
_T work by the day . terms reasonable. Call or
address 518 Geary st. .- " . ■
A,' OUNG GIKL WOULD LIKE TO ASSIST IN
X light housework. 126 Fourth st., room 26.
xrotJ so LADY, UNIVERSITY GRADUATE,
X desires a position as. private secretary or any
kind of o_ lce worK; English, German and French;
highest references. K. H., box 13, Call Office.
DRESSMAKING AND PLAIN SEWING;
cheap. Call or address 2118 Mason su
\\: INCHES ■ XX HOUSK. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
ii Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night;
$1 50 tos6 per week; convenient and respectable;
tree boa ana haggageto and from the ferrr.
SlTUA'l'lOA'a WAM'_O-MALK.
CR. HANSE^fc^IIO^ETR^STTFUR^
• nlsh haymakers, ■ threshing crews, : harvest
bands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men, min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock
men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mall usyonrorderj; prompt attention guaranteed.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
oflice: best help. 31 4 H Sutter: tel Grant 30.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EM I'J.O Y MtNT
i office; beat lielp. 414^ O'Farrell; teL K. i'JS.
HINESK AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRA DLEYACO.. 640 Clay.
DYNAMO-TENDER WANTS POSITION; IS
xJ a competent electrician and mechanical
draughtsman. Please address R., box 60, Call.
ELDERLY, SOBER, INDUSTRIOUS MAN
Xj wants situation to do cooking for 4 or 6 men or
work around place. Address Sober, box 57, Call.
GEttMAN WISHES SITUATION^ AS SEC-
VJ ond cook in hotel or restaurant or an 7 kind of
kitchen work. Address 617 Mission St., room 18.
STRONG, RELIABLE BOY, 16 YEARS OF
age. wishes to learn blacksmith trade. Address
8. T.,box 81, Call Office.
"VT OUNG MAN WANTS POSITION ', IN GRO-
X eery or general merchandise store; good book-
keeper; good reference. G. M., box 21, Call Offlce.
YOUNG MAN 23. YEARS OF AGE WISHES
a place to drive a wagon or to work in whole-
sale house. Address O. P., 8-6 Jessie su
THIRST-CLASS WAITER WANTS BITUA-
X I tlon; best of reference. Address W. E. M..
box 14, CallOthce.
pARPENTER AND HANDY MAN IN GEN-
\J eral wants work; no objection to country. Ad-
dress B. L., box 73. Call.
jyUTCHER WANTS A POSITION: GOOD
I > salesman and cutter; single. Address
Butcher, box 61, this oflice.
ARBERS— UOOD BARBER WANTS WORK
xJ for $10 per week; city or country. Address
Barber, box 85, Call Office. ; ■ ■ ■
STEADY BOY OF 17 WOCLo LIKE TO
learn the machinist trade. Apply 1826 PowelL
BUTLER WITH GOOD REFERENCE^ (ENG-
XJ.iIsh); city or country. E. L.. box 41, Call.
SITUATION WANTED —BY FIRST-CLASS
0 laundry-washer. Address L.R., box 69. CalL
NGINEEP.S— WANTED BY COM-
X_ potent man In any part of the Stale; can fur-
nish references. Address LOUIS B. GORDON, 17
Van Ness Avenue.
POSITION AS SALESMAN, EITHER LOCAL
Xor traveling; thoroughly acquainted with
stoves, hardware, cutlery and connecting line:
also furniture: good reference. Address \v., box
74, Call Office.
1 URfKNTKRs-THOROCOHLY ACQUAINT-
\J ed with all its branches. Address A. It., box
87, Call Office.
COMPETENT HOUSE PAINTER WITH
\J tools wants work by the day or piece work lor
private parties: city or country. Painter, 23
Pleasant st. -
TEADY MAN AND WIFE, WANT POSl-
tion to take care of ranch: good references.
Address E. W., box 6, Call Office. Oakland.
AS NURSE, COMPANION OR VALE TO
invalid gentleman: understands massage
treatment: well recommended; would like to
travel. Addres* B. L., box 75. Call Oflice.
VOINO MAN, G-RMAN, WHO HAS BEEN
X working in delicacies and grocery business
wants a position. Address A. LUKRANPAr_It>_ I
Alameda aye., Alameda.
THIRST-CLASS GARDENER, EXPERIENCED
-T carpenter and plumber, best of references,
wants situation. Address A. 8., California Hotel,
San Rafael, Cal. '
AN AND WIFE (FRENCH) WANTSITUA-
tionson private place; city or country: taan
good gardener, wife good cook and housekeeper.
Address J. LOZAHIC, 1316 O'Farrell st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
ii Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 26c to $1 60 per night: $160 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1,50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to »n'l from iho ferry.
FK3IAL.K HELP WANTJED.
ERMAN SEAMSTRESS, $25; SECOND
VJT girl, $25: 20 housework girls, city and conn-
try, $20 and $25: 6 younir girls assist, $10 to $15.
MlsS CULLEN, 323 Sutter. . -
OMAN WITH A CHILD; $15. MISS CUL-
LEX, 323 Sutter st.
COLORED GIRL; 2 IN FAMILY; $15. MISS
\J CULi.EN. 323 Sutler sU
2 WAITRESSES. SMALL COUNTRY HOTE~L"i
$-0, room, etc, see party here: laundress,
country hotel, $25. room, etc.; cook, small
hotel. $30 and room; waitress, city, $4 a
week: lady stenographer and typewriter, see party
in office 9:30 A. x.: chambermaid and wait at
table some. $20, room, eta; woman or girl to wash
dishes, $15 to $20 and room; waitress, city, $15
and room: chambermaid. $20 and room: hovise-
gin, 3 In family, $20; 10 housegirls, $16; 11
young girls. *8, $10 and $12 per month, etc.
MARTIN'S 749 Market su
\\r ANTKD— 2 GERMAN COOKS, S2S AND $30:
»' 2 French girl? for housework, $15: young
firl to assist, $10; girls for housework and assist,
#25 an.i $20; French waitress and parlormaid,
425; Swedish laundress and second work. 225.
.EON ANDRE. 315 Stockton su
UT ANTED— SECO.v D GIRL AND LAUN-
dress, $28; 2 Protestant second girls, $20: 4
cooks In German and American families, »i:5. $30
and $3»; laundress, $25: governess, *25; sten-
ographer and telegrapher. $40: ranch cook. $20:
and girls for cooking ana housework in city and
country. J. F. CROSETT CO., 312 Sntter su
COOK. PRIVATE M ,1. Hi :.MaN), CITY,
/ $20; cook, small boarding-house, city, $25;
cook, boarding-house, city, few people, $20. C R.
IIANSKN A Co., 110 Geary s:.
CHAMBERMAID. ASB I ST WAITING,
water resort, $20. C. R. HANsEN A CO..
110 Geary su
SCANDINAVIAN OR GERMAN WOMAN TO
0 clean house, $: 25 a day; this morning. C R.
HANSEN <te >. P., 110 Geary nU
\\T AITRE--4S. HOTEL, SOUTH, FAR . P.aIU,
ii $"0; 1 first-class waitress, resort, $20; wait-
ress, hotel, north, steady worK, $20; chambermaid
and wait one meal, country, *20: Germun wait-
ress, restaurant, city, $16 with room; chamber-
maid, wait, one .meal, city, $15; German chamber-
maid and wait, country, fare paid, 820. C R.
HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
VV AIT I:l. s>, FIRST-CLASS. COUNTRY SO*
"• tel, $20; chambermaid, pla n washing, $15-
-girls for cooking and housework. MURRAY *
RKADY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-636
Clay st. ,
C\OOK— AMERICAN FAMILY, $3'>; 6 HOU->E-
I girls, $26 and $20; 10 girls for light work, $16-
-young girl io mind oaby, $10. Apply MRS. NOR-
TON, 31& Sutter st. -
S ECi.ND GIRL. $20: 10 GIRLS FOR HOUBE-
work. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis st.
\kl ANTED-NEAT YOUNG WAITRESS. AP-
ii ply 206 McAllister bu, from 8 to.lo a. m.
V UMBER OF, GIRLS O*' ALL NATION ALl-
—> ties to rill positions lor general housework and
cooking; $16 10 $25. German Employment Office.
306 Mason st. . -
OU.^EKKEPER— AGE 30 TO 40 YEARS; A
widow preferred with two children. Call at
office Ellsworth House, 470^ Seventh sU, near
Broadway depot, Oakland.
GOOD GIRL -WAITRESS AND MAKE lir^li'
VJ self useful. Restaurant, 2016 Flllmore at.
1 ■* IRL WANTED; LIGHT HOUsEWOKK; WA-
VJ gea $12 to $16. 1630 O'Farrellst.
GIRL FOX GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND
I plain cooking. Call at 608 Oak st. * -
GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK. 1630
VJ O'Farrell, near Webster.
IRL TO -ASSIST- WITH CHILDREN: O:>_"
who Biceps home preferred. 161 Taylor
\- 1 BaS GIKL FOR CHILD TWO YEARS OLD-
— > must live ncir and sleep home; wages $15.
Apply 10 to 12 0n1y,' 1221 Jones St., near Clay. :
EFINED AI»V FOX GOOD POSITION; NO
canvassing. j Call 131 Post st., room 20.
yOUNG GIRL IN RESTAURANT. 202
1 Ninth sU ■ ; /
WANTED— YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
ii housework: ; sleep home. Address 1238
Howard sU . '
\\r li.LING NEAT GIRL FOR HOUSE
>i i . and assist mending; references wanted; $6 a
month. Apply after 9 o'clock a. m., 667 Howard su
ANTED— EXPERIENCED LAD Y'l'O MARK
■ wholesale and retail prices on . dry goods for
Wednesday Ip. m. 1432 Mission «.
A.NTKD— A COM PETK NT ...■ GIRL FOR
; cooking ; and downstairs work: German pre-
fered. ; Appl between 10 and 12. 1808 Gough st.
: IiURST-CLAtS FINISH KR -- WANTED ON
X? gentlemen's coats./8 34 Howard st. • - - • .
p EK MAN OR' SCANDINAVIAN GIRL FOR
VJT housework; $15.. 1803 Devlsadero, cor. Bush.
\\ ANTED— YOUNG GIRL ''I O ASsIST •In
'' light housework. , Apply 1456 O'Farrell . ■
WANTED— AND GIRLS TO WORK
-i I- on fruiu- Apply immediately, CALlFOßNlA
CANNERIES . CO., Brannan'su,; between Third
and Fourth.
AIR-DRESSING: MANICURING LESSONS
given MISS DOYLE, 119 a Powell st., 105 9 th.
HELP TT ANTED— Conj tinned.
\\f alTtve d — pupils"-"* olT^mlil^nery
•- ' i • sch ol: : class now forming for fall work; prac-
tlcal; reasonable. , 410 Leavenworth su r ■':■".-'
A PPRENTIck WAfiTED. ; MI3S GILLIGAN,
XV dretwmaker. 115 tvearny st. .
1 EARN CUTTING. FITTING AND FINISH-
a-J ing: $1 a week: patterns cut ro order, 25c up-
McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market su
1 A^ >iE:s ~ FP.KE! . FREE! LESSONS EVERY
X-i Toes,; 2to 3: dresscntting. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
HAi KUKES.-.INli. 26« AND 36c: MORN INU
and eve classes; 10 les<'ons,sl 50. 1248 Mission.
\i°.? T ' ON VENIENT AND RKSPECTABLK;
'.«. Winchester House, 44 Third sU. near Market:
200 rooms: 25c a, $1 60 per ni-ht; $1 50 \p $8
r*r -k- i r ,. t . 'bus and naggase innn-l from ferrg.
»lA__ —EH' WANTED.
O^^NTT^SoIETIsnpEXwEEKTMISS CUL-
KJ LhN, 323 Silt: er t .
M AN Tr A r NDWIFE: $40 PER MONTH. MISS
■I'J- CULLEX, Sutter st.
riOOK. $10 A WEEK AND ROOM.; BOY TO
v^ run cl ' Tator i call early; waiter small hotel,
$-5 and room; waiter, chophouse, $20: dlsh-
washer, $4 a week; second baker, $30 and room:
barber to rent shop; man for c lores, etc.. small
hotel. MARTIN'S. 7.9 Market sU
»V ANT 100 . STATION MEN . AND
.1 . Tieh , of way bearers for railroad work: north :
1 ,?" * $?£ : 60 laborers, $1 60. C. R. Ha SB
A CO.. 110 (jeary su
H"^!? 1 * AND **ASTttY.COoK, HOTEL, $»0:
ii Dakerand pastry cook, hotel, $50; meat and
pastry cook for springs, $60: second cook, country
hotel, $60: 3 waiters for country hotel, $30; pan-
h r v ma t U fOr springs, $20; German ho.el cook, $45;
I bellboys, $10. and $15; porters, dishwashers,
yegetable men, potwashers, etc. C. B. HANSEN
«t CO.. 110 Geary st.
A fT OR" WHO HAS A SET OF CARPEN-
tI ters tools ana can do some plumbing: middle-
aged man preferred: $35 and house: must. have
»™« references. C. B. HaNSEN A CO.,
110 Geary st. *
10 EAT BOY TO RUN AN ELEVATOR; NO
,1 ?»perience necessary; $10 a month, board and
lodging, cR. HANsEN _ CO., 110 Geary su
T AUNDRYMAN FOR PLAIN WORK IN AN
™ in « "on; $36 and found. C. R. HANSEN A
CO., 110 Geary su
PASTERN HEAD WAITER, $50; 2 NEAT
J-*,y° , Eastern club waiters. C. B. HANSEN
— CO., 110 Geary st.
"L>AKfc:R's ASSISTANT, COUNTRY HOTEL.
rf, .* ,°.. and foun d; free fare. C. R. HANSEN _
CO.. 110 Geary st.
VV ANTED -GERMAN THIRD -»t AND
i' baker; tor country shop, $25 and found: 10
men for ranch near city, to dig potatoes neat
waiter for steamboat, $20 and found : blacksmith
helper for country shop, young man. *20 a
month and found and increase; also farmers,
milkers, cooks, waiters and dishwashers. W. D.
ENVKK _ CO., 626 Clay si.
\y Ai<TED— 4 r MORE TUNNEL MEN, 81 60
11 and board; 8 more laborers for mining com-
pany, $1 a day and boara: tool sharpeners, $45
ana board; nutter and cheese maker, *30 and
round; J Eastern farmers, $-<50 and found; chore-
man. American or; Irish milker, $30 and found;
young men to learn mining, $15 and found and
.i.OreHSe, and others. Apply to J. f. CROSKTT A
Co., 628 Sacramento st.
n r ANTED-COOK and WIFE, $60; COOK,
" country hotel, «40; cook for laborers, $20;
cook lor threshing crew, »40, and others. Apply
to J. F. CROsETT _ CO., 628 Sacramento st.
■youNG Man. handy with carpen-
X ters tool, for a winery, $26 to $30; see boss
here. MURRAY _ RkauY; Leading Kmploy-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A MILKERS FOB SAME DAIRY; 5 WOOD-
"i cuoppers, $2 cord ; 6 frultplckers, young men;
iO tiemuk*rs, 8c and 10c each: 5 miners to take a
contract. MURRAY A READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. y__
\J AN AND WIFE FOt<|RANCH NEAR CITY,
 ,, .*, 5; . 6 tea. asters for a ranch, $20: & farmers.
MUKRa* <t READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 6.t4 aud 633 Clay St.
3HAYBALKRS, 18c PER TON; 6 MEN TO
*J Irrigate land ; 5 men to dig small ditches on a
ranch. Ml ( iH.iY _. Ri-.ADV, Leading Employ-
niuut Act-nts, 634 and 636 Clay st. ■ -
ITWAITEB FOR A PLAIN HOTEL, $25;
XX waiter, first-class country hotel, $26; dish-
washer, loun ry hotel, $25; 2 dishwashers: 3
cooks, *60. $50. $35: ranch cook. MUKRAY <fc
READY, reading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st.
W ; GERMAN RESTAURANT COOK,
ii $50: cook for chop and oyster house,' $35;
man about private place, $25, must be strong and
have references: dishwasher, $25, etc L. ANDR_,
315 Stockton su
WA.NTKD— A CAPABLE MAN AS GENERAL
ii agent, who u as s3oo, to handle an article that
will net him $300 a month. J. BORTLr/Y, 776
Mission su ■
ISHWASuER WAN 1 ED. 1581 VALES-
xJ da st. ■
l»; ANTED— HOKSESHOER AND GENERAL
ii blacksmith. Mission St., between Twenty-
elghth and Twenly-mutn.
.A' OUNG,. ENERGETIC BOY WITH SOME'
X experience 10 drive butcher-wagon and make
himself generally useful. 1803 Halght su '
\ OUNG MAN; MANUFACTURING BUSI-
X ness: $200 required; money secured. Address
8., box 82. ca 1 Oillce. «
OOK, COUNTRY, $65, STEADY JOB. 420
Kearny sV-'.V'-
EAMEN FOR AUSTRALIA, NEW YORK
and other ports. Apply 10 steuart bu. upstairs.
HOU.-»E-PAINTER ON HARRISON ST., BET.
1- irst and Second.
ELDERLY 'MAN TO WORK ABOUT RESTAU-
ranu 131 Third su
GOOD SOBER RESTAURANT COOK; WAGES
$23 and room. 8 Jackson su
ANTED— S IE ADY MAN TO ASSIST IN
'» light pleasant business, must have $150 cash
and be sa islied $76 month. 777 Market, room 7.
TEADY YOUNG~MAN TO ASSIST OENER-
aIIy in office, experience not necessary, $75 per
month, must, have $150 cash. Olio.- STEW ART,
603 Mai ket «. - .- ■
Ms HALF-SOLING. 60&: LADIES, 40&;
iX done while you wait. 6:18 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will A Flnck's.s.
IJAKBER-SHOP FOR SALE. 871 MARKET
XJ street.
PARTNER \\ITH $50 IN . PAYING CASH
X business; no experience. 235 Third st.
\\! AXTKD-A TAILOK WITH $160 TO PUR-
ii chase a well-estubllshed tailoring business in
country town of 4000, employing from 4 to 8
tailors: excellent opportunity for Industrious man:
present owner wishes to to East. ■ Address box
785, Watsonville, Cai. ■
YEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION. BET.
— 1 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, .'tit 1 6c to
50c;week $1 los 2 reading- room -.strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all night.
SUNNY ROOMS i'ROM $1 TO $3 PEli WEEK.
The New Grand, 24d Third St.
ARBER-SHOP FOR SALE: WHOLE OR
X> half; long lease; rare chance. 131 O'Farrell s .
HOK SALESMAN WANTKII- WE v 1..,.
0 like to place about twenty-five of our samples
of up-to-date Oxford .ties in the hands of some
salesman who carries only men's, boys' and
youths' or some non-competing line: will pay a
good, round commission. For further particulars
address Neenah Boot and Shoe Manufacturing
Company, Neenah, Wis.
WANTED— GENTLi-Mi'.N TO 1 AXE Su.\.VV
furnished rooms; $1 up. ,217 Second sU
LARGkMT STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHoES
on hand: shoes to order, *3 f>o; hand-sewea
shoes, $5. 726' 3 Howard St.. bet. Third and Konrth
\\i ANTED— MEN FOR CLEAN- BEDS: 26c
ii night; $1 week. Rosedale, 321 Ellis su
BEST PLACE IN THK CITY FOR SECOND-
xJ hand shoes, 749 Mission su, opp. Grand Opera-
house: new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladies', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
\\r ANTKD— (iOOD CHANCE FOR HUSBAND
ii and wife who understand farm work, vine-
yards, • horses, etc. ; good wages: state expe-
rlence. Address WALTER MKTZ, Napa, Cal.
"\\T ANTKD— IOOO MEN, EVERY DAY, AT 207
i»i i-ourth st., the biggest and best shop in the
city; 5c shaving, loc hHlrcnttlng.
X\T A TK D - R THE UNITED STATES
il Marine Corns, U. S. navr, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less thin 5 feet 6 inches In height; of good
character. and temperate haDlts;. able to read,
write and SDeak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this important branch of the naval
service offers • special iuducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all pans of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recru! Ing Office. 20 Kills St., San Francisco, Cal.
WINCHESTER HOlJsk. 44 THI RD ST.. NEAR
il. Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading
room : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
1 O DOINGS, 6c TO 1 fie PER NIGHT: CLEAN.
X-J Continental House. 521 Paclfl , below Kearny.
W ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
• i. some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Weas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDKRBURN _.^O°Tj>pU' L, Patent Attor
D< % >V ashlnston. D. C. for their $1600 prize offer
and Us: of 200 inventions wanted. .
■\V E . HAVK A . LOT, OP DAMAGED SHOES
• » selling at less than one-fourth their. value: cast
off shoes bought or exchanged.- . 56-S Mission su
T K Y ACME HOUSK, 957 MARKET »T., BE-
■t- low Sixth, for a room: 26c a night: $1 ; a ween.
1 INnKLi. HOUSK.SIXTH ■ AND HOWARD
1 ' sis. ; Elngle furnished rms 76c week. 15c night.
"RJ «•— REMOVED FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
■x_.,ciay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch. 6c.
lOO 11 *;* lo TAK_ _OD«iNU.A.T loc. 15c
«i>V«- " nd 20c » « nt - including «>«•» ana roil*
e^4 vvashlnittoa ht., near Kearny. ■"■ '■-'■ ;
"R^*' 1 ' 1S CITY--SINO • E : ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
v TS C^ nts per n 'Bht. $i. $1 25, 81 60 per week.
I aclHc house. Commercial and Lolfiesdorfl sts.
V\t X AKK SUohi , DOCTOR-*; WE RKPAIH
* vouroiJ ■ shoe* and make them as good as raw.
ana v,ith our new machines we can do your • work
LoiT^ 11 .* lhe usu * i price; done while , you wait. -
Ufa- .Mission bu, between First and Second sts. • .
DOOMS 100 TO 760 PKR NIGHT: SOo TO «1 M
XV per week. , Oriental, 225 Drumm «U
W AN , — ~* BORERS : AND, MECHANICS
,1 ■ ?iii now lh( " Kd Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver i House, 217 Third su : 140
large rooms; 260 per night; $1 to $3 per weelt
HELP "WANTED— ContlnqeJ. - ' ~ x .
lV r ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LA BOP
. *" er»<tcler^». KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Snttei
ELCHo ; House, : 863% market ST.-
Kooms 20c.,- gsc. to 60c. night; $1 :o $S week
VI EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD)
all grocers keeo it.
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 150 A DAY: $1
»'*ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay su
,\y ANTED- MEN" TO LEARN BARBEB
.ii- trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
cataJogne sent. S. F. Barber School. 1515 Howard
JOURN EY MEN BARBERS' INTERNATION
al Union No. 27 Employm' tßureau. 102 7th st,
AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 326 Grant aye.
A REEKS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
HAKBKKS* ASSOCIATION or' UAlTii.MP_Jlf-
"""'. s«»^«.. i» ...«-. Mam»ti" V 9'/» «>'Knrr»ll.
_ . ;.. : •.-.■'-. AGKNXS .,»' AN 'X __>.*; .'.
A 'QJSNTS— "BRYAN." SEWALL AND JFREE
-c_ Silver," covers the campaign ground; Bryan,
a prodigy, will Inspire more enthusiasm than all
the other candidates. F. PERSON, manager, sub-
scription department, the WHITAKER _. RvY
CO., .723 Market st»
A GKNTS— HOUSEHOLD ARTICLE YOU CAN
•£* sell ; -makes > money. Department A, Detroit
Paper-bag Company. Detroit. Mich.
-•UItNITUKK WASTED.
T WANT FURNITURE AND OFFICE
X tv res of any kind: will pay good prices. Call 01
send card 7 City Hall aye.
T C. MUTHER.AUCTIONEER, 601 C ALIFOR-
v . nla, cor. Kearny, pays best price for furniture.
I* 1 YOU WANT GOOD PiUCES FOR FURNl-
tnre and merchandise seeßUitp, -211 Larkln.
TN DIANA AUCTION CO.. SUCCESSORS TO M
XJ. SIMMONS' auc. Co., 1057 Market, pays cash
Mayer buys your furniture,
. carpets, nlnno. 11 Mr, Marlcot: t<»l. Jessie 76L
■ HOUSES WANTED.
ANTED —TO RENT~ioTROOM HOUSE
»» with stable, state rent and location. J. T. P.
box 104, call Office.
\\f AJSTBD-BY GOOD TENANT, HOUSE OR
'» flat 6 rooms; good condition; bet. Market
and Pine sts., from Taylor toward town: rent rea-
sonable. Please address MRS. 8., 327 Twenty-
ejghth st. ■ .
KOOMS WANTED.
VST ANTED —if UNFURNISHED SUNNY
it. rooms; on Van Ness aye., near California pre-
ferred; state terms. Address U. R.. box 67, Call
Office.
If URNISHED ROOM WANTED BY A LADY
x who will give light services or pay small rent.
Address W., box 40, Call.
BOY, 17, WANTS ROOM AND BOARD IN
vicinity of Lincoln School. X., box 91, this
: office.
GENTLEMAN WANTS FURNISHED ROOM
VJ in Spanish family. Address S. F., box 95. Call.
WAISTED-AIISC__I.AN_OUS.
WANTED- A SECOND-HAND TRICYCLE.
" Address S., box 87, Call Office.
SECOND - HAND KODAKS. CAMERAS'"
lenses, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery
QKLL your hooks, CLOI'HLM, ANUJKW'
0 eirv to A. KLEIN. J;i9 SlxthVt.: Bend postal.
__JK D V C ATI ON A_. ~~ ~
LOCUTION AND DRaI^V^^ELRARTE
XJ thoroughly taught; appearances arranged:
299 r Hvd tOBP ' **■ ' OLIVE HOFF-SCHROEDER,
299 Hyde su /••-„'
A J USICIAN FROM LONDON GIVES LESSONS
■ti-i. In singing; 84 a month. 854 Mission su ~
STIEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 Ma.;KET Si.,
offers unsurpassed advantages ana Induce-
ments In shorthand, bookkeeping, penmanship,
typewriting, English branches, languages, etc:
expenses less than at any other college. LI- ON
and LULA STIEHL, proprietors. ..
YRES', THE I,KADINu SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery St.; individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; life
scholarship $50: low rates per. week and month.
.:• ELASCO'o LYCKUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
i-» Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1. O. o. F. block, 7th and Mkt
CCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
0 cbanlcal engineering, surveying, architect
.^ssay:estab. '64. VAN DERNAILLEN, 723 Mkt,
TTOICE CULTURE, ELOCUTION AND DEL-
» sarte taught thoroughly; 25c a lesson. 749
Folsom st.
lANO LESSONS: PUPIL OF THE LEIPSIC
Conservatory: nn/d.terms.J._ANGE,llo Hyde.
V'EGATIVE KETOU«:HINGTaUGUI\ MISS
11 L.FUERSTNOW. 131 Post sU, fifth floor.
lANO LESSONS, 500 HOUR. MR. WATTS,
218 Golden Gate aye.
EGINNERS 25c LESSON; GUITAR, PIANO,
X> banjo. MRS. LUTHER. 1241 Market st.
RB \N SCHOOL AT 2124 CALIFORNIA ST.;
opens July 27, 1896. N. W. MOORE, Prin.
LMA K. HYER. PIANO, MANDOLIN, BAN-
jo Studio. 406 Geary, R. 17: hours Btolop. m.
OOKKPNO. WKITNO. ABITHMTC. GRAMK
day _■ night : noclavies : $5 month. 84 5 Mission
p UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ lessons: $3 mo. MAKY WEST!! A US. 39 Fifth.
PROFESSOR 'i. MANSFIELD. TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, hasjo. 1707 MarKeU
___ __ ___________
UKDIVAL.
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored In » few hours; safe- and sure relief
guaranteed.- travelers helped without delay, pri-
vate home In con fin ement: regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladle*, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you -will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post st.. near Larkln.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
never falls; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects: never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home in conrinement. DR. A MRS.
DA VIEs. 14 McAllister st., next Hlbernia Bank;
consult free: French regulating pink pills $2;
hours from 9a. _■ to 5 P. m and 7 to 9 P. m.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from .what cauite: restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed:
If you want to be treated ■ safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPKR. 318 Kearny su
T ADIES, CHICIIESTER'S ENGLiSHPENNY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other. Send 4c.-, stamps, for particu-
lars. -'Relief for Ladies," In letter by return mail:
at druggist's. ChlchesterChem. Co., Philadelphia.
LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 express < '. O. D.: don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BhOS.. Oakland, Cal.
f>OR MEN-GREEN'S GUARANTEED CURE;
greatest nerve treatment known; positive cure
for ail weakness: cure guaranteed or money re-
turned: trial free. Agent, KELLY, 102 Eddy st.
ALL . SKIN DISEASES PERMANENTLY
cured or no pay. J.C AST AON INI. 4^6 FII-
-bert St.. 9 to 11 or 7 10 9 p. _.. or send postal.
CUKE CURE FOR ALLFTMALE DISEASE",
O I from whatever cause; | a home Ie confinement
with • every > comfor:; satisfaction ■ guaranteed, by
■MRS., DR., G\\ YKR, 226 Turk Bt.
1 .rts. UN, i!l.-.fc.ASl£S WOMEN. SPE-
XJ clHliy; unexcelled In restoring irregularity or
other conditions: home In confinement: best care:
lew fees; pills $2. Moved to 904 McAllister st
MRS. DR. WEGENER TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and dnrlng confinement: infants adopted
into good - homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy si.
© F^Of \ fok EVERY failure to cure;
<iDiJ\J\J;eye diseases successfully treated. La-
aies. 1 consult free MRS. DR. SCOTT, Speclaliot
216 Powell st. -■'.".:•■ '
1 K. HALL, 14 MCALLISI ER STREET, NEAR
X J Jones. ; Diseases of women and children.
R • J. A. ACHaKD, .wIDWIf K-H olvrffTN
confinement; 25 yra' experience. 555 Mission.
VI RS. M. E. RODGERS. PRIVATE HOME IN
MX confinement; .erms reduced. 929 Howard su
TK IRREGULAR OR AN ~F*..\. ALK I>l EASE
XseeMß3.Dß.'PUETZandbecontenU 2641^ 4th.
PRIVATE HO_K IN CONFINEMENT MRS.
PR KHM XX. 1416 Eighth »U. Al.un-».la.
'-'______ ' lJis^ 1 TisTS. ~~ .. ■— —
pKOOME DENTAL^A^^rA^rTo^TTSTMAR^
-\J ketiiu: bet. Third and Fourth; gas specialists:
only reliable agent for painless extraction: urtiil-
clal teeth from $6; fillings from $1; extracting 5O
cents, with k*s $1. ■ ■ " ■".
tMRST-CLASS DENTISTRY: KIRST-CLAS3
J prices; first-clas* results; ■■ painless • extraction
of teeth, Telephone Main 5375. ; W. c. lIaK
PINO'. CM.. M.D., 600 Sutler st.. corner Powell.
I JR. LUDLUM HILL. .i44»V.MAK._JS-.r 01 ~
XJ near Eleventh: no charge lor extracting wlie-i
plates are made: old ' plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas given. .-.
L|K.'G_ORGU W. LEEK, THK GENUINE
U Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20o'FarrellsU
L^ULirsET~OF~TEKTH, 87; WARRANTED
X.five .: years: > xtractlon, i 50c: fillings, 50c:
crowns, $3 60. Chicago Dental Parlors,' 24 sixth.
DX. L. 1. . KAN _— EX lit ACTION I'AINLES-i.
XJ crown . work, bridge work an, l teeth wltboa;
plates a specialty. 103 Geary sU. cor. Grant ays. • -
" Qj 7 A ■ SKT i-oR Ir.ETH: •-. Wa H I; A NTED A-J
<P II good as can be made: fllllns: $1. Dr. SIMMS,
i.entlsi.. 930 Market st.. next "Baldwin .Theater.'
AINLESS .tXTKACnOX.! 50c; CROWN
X bridge work ■ specialty; plates, $5 up; IS vein
experience. R.L. WALaH. .D. D.S..bls */ A Ueary.
i..l i. ! ICliKT .,i r<l,j i I'tj;. I' ,'.iT.,'. NKAH U\J~
■ '.-' . cnatian: gas given: crown and bridge woric.
: A Li. WORlf REASON \BLK < AND ••; WAR-
A ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
SETOFT__TH,WITUOLT_ 'r_Xli ml. i€
O. YOUNO. Ib4l Po!k au - ■
/ OLTON DEM Ai, -ASSOCIATION. »0(i __jt?"
*U ket at. DR. CHARLES W. DKCKKR.'. -
I vr. J. J. LEEK. M A HKKT, cor. golden
XJ Gate aye.— Open evenings : Sundays ' till noon.
BrSTNESS CHASCBg.
i tf yotTwa^Tto sell or buy a busi-
r 1 ness. LUBELSKI A CHASE. 7, City Hall aye.
. TTORSESHOEING BUSINESS: BEST IN THE
. XX city; full value insiirht; will sell, trade or
- take in partner; investigate this. LUBELSKI &
' CHASE. 7 City Hail aye. .
" Ci!l\>;V BAKERY AT A BARGAIN: MUST
• «©!_•). sell at once. LUBELSKI A CHASE,
7 City Hall aye.
1 < inn FIRST-CLASS CIGAR-STORE IN
• «ii) xv U. one of the best locations in city; dome
' fine business: stock fresh and first class: this Is a
■ rare- bargain;- will stand . full investigation.
- LUBELSKI di CHASE, 7 City Hall aye. ■ ■
ONE-. OF. ""rat OLDEST ESTABLISHED
steam laundries ■in the city: place Is worth
. $4000; torses, wagon and every thing Included:
" this place must be sold: come and investigate.
' LUBELSKI & CHA'K, 7 City Hall aye. ■---■•.■•■'
" G?99F;a ESTABLISHED GROCERY AND
— — O\J. bar business: actual. value of price
. asked in stock and fixtures: good local and out-
' side trade; must be sold, owner interested in other
business: investigate this place. LUBELSKI —
I CHASE. 7 City Hall aye. .--■ ■" -
• IF YOU WANT A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
1 X let us show you some fine places at bargains; call
• at once. LUBELSKI & CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
SHARES VALLEY RAILROAD STOCK.ALL
pa d no. LUBELSKI & CH ASK.7 City Hall aye.
[ fflj'JCfk BRANCH BAKERY. STATIONERY
<IDOUU. and candy store; 4 living-rooms; low
■ rent: doing business of 18 to $10 per day : same
party 3 years. See BARRETT, 1125 Market St.,
at cigar-stand. . - - .
■ ©I KM FRUIT AND VEGETABLE St ORE;
" «fI)XUV/. best location; receipts average $15 a
day; horse and wagon; low rent; living rooms.
: See BARRETT, 1125 Market st.
1 ffljOQA CIGAR-STORE, STATIONERY AND
• O — O\J. laundry office: No. 1 location: living
rooms: low rent; doing good business. See BAR-
RETT. 1125 Market st.
(JlJlOp: BRANCH BAKERY, STATIONERY
. O-1- — *J. and candy-store: north of Market st. :
low rent: doing fair business; living-rooms. See
BARRETT. 1125 Market.
! pHEAP- WOOD AND COAL YARD: MA-
\J chlnery to cut wood: express business, etc.;
; clears $160 a month- BARRETT. 1126 Market st.
1 T3ESTAURANT,. GOOD LOCATION; CHEAP
IX rent; price $76. Apply to BARRETT, 1125
; Maricetst. ■.
■ <fel 7P> FURNISHED ROOMING-HOUSE OF
■ vpx 10. 11 rooms; low rent: must sell at once;
■ owner going to the country. WILKE A WOLF,
631 California st.
QICnA roadhouse. CLOSE TO THE
ilPl«"Vi city: first-class paying: owner bought
a dairy; offers only accepted for 3 days. WILKE
. & WOLF, 631 California st.
cji inn Corner saloon on trans-
«ipllUU. fer point, rent $50: 5 years' lease:
average dally receipts $18: rarest chance; owner
keeps 2 places. WILKK & WOLFF. 631 California
<K9onrt DRUG ST. IRE IN WESTKBN
tlpiiUUU. Addition; 4 living-rooms; rent $45:
established years: large patronage: owner to re-
tlre. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California sU
<Si~\ C.C\(\ OLD - ESTABLISHED CORNER
X \J\j\J . saloon on prominent street: long
lease: investigate this bargain. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market. '
fflji OijA PARTNER IN GOOD PAYING
<3>XOUV/. saloon. STENBERG CO., 632 Mar-
ket st. . ■ . ■
CM OK v ORNER STATIONERY, BOOK AND
<Js X_c>. notion store, with splendid front: oppo-
site prominent park and school; rent $12; invoice
goods: sickness. STENBERG CO., 632 Market.
at 9*7 CORNER FRUIT STORE; OLD ES-
'u l^ ' *J. tablished ; living rooms; receipts aver-
age $12: retiring. STiSNBERG CO., 632 Market.
©Qnn TEAMSTERS ATTENTION —ON X
tipOUU. of the best double teams in the city, do-
ing hauling for 2 large wholesale commission
houses; also 2 firms in Portland: will pay $175 per
month: this is a snap for the right man. GEO.
STEWART, 602 Market St.
Qt>^A MANUFACTURING BUSINESS— A
tipOdU. good active business man wanted to
take hold of an article covered by tent: has
never been. put on the market: special Induce-
ments offered to the right party: don't fail to in-
vestlgate this. GKO. STEWART, 602 Market st.
ALOON. BAR. FIXTURES AND STOCK,
$175; near Third and Market sts.; 3 living-
rooms: rent cheap; call at once. DEMING <fc
SHARTS, 737 Market st. . . - j
TO BUY OR SELL A BUSINESS QUICK SEE
X DEMING A SHARTS, 737 Market at.
SNAP— SMALL RESTAURANT WELL LO-
catea; cheap rent: must be sold. DEMING &
SHARTS, 737 JlarKet St.
HOTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS;
new 6-story and basement brick building, con-
taining 98 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
itKh.ed basement: centrally located, half block N
of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building; newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILV—BBERG, 320 i
sansome st., room 39.
rpHE DEL NORTE HOTEL, CRESCENT CITY,
X California— The best equipped house in North-
ern California is now offered for sale, or can be
leased on favorable terms; this bouse is the best
paying investment In Northern California, ami ]
must be disposed of on account of sick t ess. l-or
terms and particulars apply or address E. YATES, I
proprietor, Crescent City, Cal. . . -. ■■■■ '
(Ci 1 fIMM- PARTNER WANTED IN LIGHT, '
tiPXvW. genteel business with a thorough, re- !
liable man ; business sure to realise at least $2000
to each within the next three months: this is no
speculation, but a sure, permanent business; :
money t« be invested in business; full Investiga-
tion given. Apply room 1, 917 Market st,
CtORNER CIGAR-STORE, BARGAIN, $200;
\J fruitstore, receipts $5 day, $50: branch bakery, !
living-rooms, $70? coffee saloon, near Market st , j
$400; corner saloon near Market street, $ 60.
worth double; 1000 other bargains of every des l
crlptlon. SKIFF <fe CO., 921 Market st.
T?OR SALE— HOTEL WITH GOOD BAR I
X I trade and 30 steady boarders: good opportu- !
nity, with furniture, lease; Till be sold on account \
of sickness. Apply for particulars from HARRY
FISHEER, prop ietor, Sonoma House, Point
Tlburon. Marin County, CaL
T A BARGAIN. ON GEARY ST., IN A NICE '
location, lodging-bouse of 12 rooms, beauti-
tifully furnished. nearly new. all f-«_: a restaurant, i
with 4 living rooms, doing a good business: sold as
a whole or separate. PIIELPS & CO.. 917 Lurkin.
J~ piNE OPENING FOR ACTIVE DRY-GOODS"
iran in rapidly growing neighborhood; cor.
Third aye. and Clement su, with 4 rooms; Sutro
cars pass door. D. DANGERS, 101 California st.
t£j i f\(\ FOX SALE — SPLENDID OPPOR-
tJP^V'V/. tunlty; . icecream parlor, candy, sta-
tionery, cigar and tobacco store: good location.
For particulars address P. O. box 958, San Rafael.
Cal. .
GOOD OPPORTUNITY; SELLING OUT TO
close estate; business est. since 1869: amount
needed $40,000: owner will remain If arrangement
can be made. Address F. D., box 137. Call Office.
A BONANZA FOR RIGHT PARTY— %IRST-
— x class restaurant and lodging-house for sale at
a bargain on account of sickness. Apply F. B.
HOOSON, Hay wards, cal.
ARGAIN— AND LUNCHHOUSK;
complete; present owner 10 years established:
selling on account of opening new place. Call
1053 Market st. -- . . . .
<OM/|A GOOD-PAYING RESTAURANT AND
<]p MV/. chophouse: worth $500; must b^ sold
to-day on account of sickness. 2723 Bntter st.
If ROM $5000 TO $25,000 To INVENT IN ANY-
X; paying business or speculation: communica-
tlons confidential. Address Gold, box 63, this office.
SMALL DELICACIES AND GKOCEHV- i
O store; best reason for selling. 335 Hayes st.
OLD -ESTABLISHED CORNER GROCERY;
bar. HILBKRT BROS., 103 Powell st
C» I 7 e\ RESTAURANT DOING FINE BUSI-
<3? X 10. ness: splendid location : cheap rent;
this place cost owner $400; don't miss this chance:
reason sickness. Apply Call Office. -: ■
WANTED— CAPITAL TO EXTEND A BUSI-
-11. ness already established and on the market;
a thorough investigation given to a desirable party. !
Address H. V., box 55, this office.
"KH»R SALK— SI7O; 2-CH AIR BAKBKR-SHOP,
X with baths: thriving country town: 5000 popu-
lation: good trade: low rent. Address WM. 843.
San itafael, CaL
IPOR SALE— LIQUOR-STORE AND SALOON:
fine stock and trade; present owner going in
wholesale business: will sell cheap. 236 East st.
CUGAR STORE, WHOLESALE DISTRICT. !
J will sell at invoice on account • f departure- a
great bargain. JOHNSTON, 26i/i Kearny st. . '
ffi'J||||jV BAKERY. ICE-CREAM PA LOR
*£)O\J\t\J. and ca'idy factory; country town of
3000; no competition. Add. J. M., Angels Camp.
Of OX AVERAGE WEEKLY NET INCOME
tip OU. with $250 Invested: safe: conservative;
prospectus, proofs, free. F. DALY. 1293 Brdwy.N Y
<J> lOC EXPRESS BUSINESS FOR SALE,
tlPX_c/..0n account of sickness: good stand-
clearing $80 month. Apply l! 05 Larkln st. •
<ft I 9n(iT co X^ R family"^ liquor- I
tJpj—UU. more; 6 rooms: long lease; good'
chance for two men. Apply at Call Office.
Ct 1 Q^V bakery, confectionery, grc£
»IP1«J«J. eery, coffee-parlor: 2 tarnished rooms-
big bargain ; call at once. 219 Sixth sl. ■
OLD-ESTABLISHED: LIQUOR BUSINESS
for sale on account of death. Apply between
10 and 12 a. m. 313 Montgomery tt. ; Decween
OLI>EsrABTISHED S-CHAIR~BARBER-
\J shop account of retiring from business; owner
6 yea» in the place. 1308 Howard st. . vw "er
K AK A 1 i, Y \ AT A BARGAIN; BaKKSFRum i
C^r^u^^m^^^u^ I'^^-1 '^^-" 0^ 10^:
'pilE ONLY MoL>E UN IMPROVE D HOTEL i
jn&SiISR&^T rentor^ieas. In- j
PASTERK.LvDV. DESIRES GENTLEMAN* i
M r Sk S eT^ P^ °° d buBlness - *»» I
W ANTED-PARTNER: MUST HAVE $1000-
-" Knarantee . per day; handle > your own
money -. no deposit required. W. F. WaLLIN, 112
1 ;iy lor flt. ■ * . - ■ . - ■ y ■ ***
n°H RNKR « BK> ch~bTkkry; GOOD LAUN-
\J dry, offl<y» rt nd milk depot. 511 Lamina
PA Kl'.Vr.Rs. IN liO -D PAYING BUM % KSs"
. capltol required $100. -± 45 1 hl -d st., room 1 .
AY t^r! 1% P UEU ; SOL;-; AGENT KOR HALLET
"■ .&. Davis andtrancls Bacon pianos. 406 -«c'to
GOOD KOUT_-fO.;.raAL_'i>N, THIS PAI'ErT
VJ ■ ; Apply T. P.-RIORDAN. 632 Market, room _■■
/>.H.I» CLEAN - KKSTAIKANT FOR SALE."
V 914 Seventh St., Market-su station, Oakland.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A TTENTION BUYERS.— COX. LIQUOR SA-
__■ loon among business houses: no night or Sun-
day work: selling less than price of fixtures; offer
wanted Wood, 1 coal, hay and "feed business, 5
I stalls? which ?w rent -of yard ; full . value 8300.
Partner wanted in -commission business; clears
' *75 a month to each ; and all kinds of businesses
lor HEALV A CO.. 23 Kearny st. ;
OR SALE - DOWNTPWN SALOON, FOX
J? cash or country property. Address H. H., box
4. Call Office.'
TNTERIOR AGENCY OP CALL -FOR SALE;
1 will pay Sl6O per month; price $4000. Apply
this office. . .. ____________
ARTNKR WANTED (GERMAN). $35 CAPI-
X tal; by lady of means. , 12 Mason, room 2.
YSTKR-PAR.OKS AND CHOFHOUSB NR
Market; very cheap. 418 Post at. ; after 12.
XTICK SALOON FOR SALE: CHEAP; ON
_\ 1 Kearny st. : 1,0 agents. ■81 7 Kearny st.
ALOON: LONG LEASE; LOW RENT. AP-
ply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st
(B,17" FINE SALOON AND 5 ROOMS;
«pl iD. rent $18. 911 Folsom st.
ii«HE CHANCE OF YOUR LIFE; BUSINESS
1 for sale. Box 20, Monterey, Cal.
T>L.\CKSM.ITH - SHOP; SELLS account
X) sickness. 107 Oregon st. :
LODGIXG-HOUSKB I'OBSALIS.
"S^^Tl^B-SoOM r HOUSETONL ........ $350
«TpOc)U. 65-room corner houa-, only 1800
60-room hotel and bar to exchange. 2000
9 rooms, only— yes— only. 225
12 rooms, only $150 cash and payments. 60U
■10 rooms, corner, 0n1y............... — 1500
14 rooms. $100 cash, balance payments. 300
60 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 to. $5000
Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market St. . •- ■ ■
M. SPECK <fe CO., 602 MARKET STREET.
• $250. Near Chronicle : 12 rooms.
$550. No inside rooms: 45 rooms.
$700. Post St.; worth $1600; 23 rooms.
$4000. -Established, paying house: 124 rooms.
Grand 60-room corner house; mostly offices; ele-
gant In every respect; clears $250 monthly. '
«M^A LODGING-HOUSE OF 21 ROOMS,
<P^*J\J. nicely furnished, brick building, bay
windows, rent $50: always paid: sickness cause of
veiling: no agents. W., box 60, Call Office.
"I [\ ROOMS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED;
X \J chance for desirable tenant; choice; Jow rent.
20 3 Taylor st.
£♦1 FLA HOUSE 13 LIGHT SUNNY BOOMS:
VPX. OU. $35; water free; grand bargain. 149y 3
Fifth at. ' . ...-■, _*
O^-ROOM HOUSE ON MARKET ST. V£BY
_^_: cheap. PHELPS A CO., 917 Larkln st.
TpURNISHED ROOMING- HOUSE OF 26
-T rooms for sale or 10 let. 325 Ellis st.
i- l iv-N lib^£. tttti imnn
"TurTTsalt?!
T - Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets , $18 50
Bed lounges...; 8 00
Stoves 7 50
Carpets, per yard....... 65
Linoleum, per yard. 65
Matting, per yard :....'..... 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we .are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sta. J.
NOONAN.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household gnods. new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
■A(\(\ <-'ARF.h/lS; CHAMBER BETS, $14:
rr\J\J stoves. $5; parlor sets, $20: foldlng-bedj.
$10: bed- ounce*. $7. T. D MpQaRTHV lf-J 4th.
CAKjPKT CX._ANIN«. ~T
TONKS CO. CA_?_T^C_ISAN ING i AND*
0 renovating works. Main office 85 and 27 8:0.
ARPET CLEANING, 3&: LAYING. 3c: RUG
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratum, 19 Bth sU
RiiAT WESTERN CARPET-BKATING
VX works: latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay.
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth: phone Jessie 253. x
\\r HEN YOU BKCO.M bi»(ilSTEi; WITH.
»" poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. 353-07 Tehama st. : tei. So. 40.
UNKLIN'SCARPET _KATING WORKS. 3i4
1 Golden Gate aye.: telephone east I*2B.
IT V STEAM CA RPET CLEA NING.RENOVA-
i Ung. 38 Bth. STEVENH. mgr. Tel. South 250.
CARPETS CLKANF.D AND RENOVATBO
) like aew. FERGUSON & C<\ 23 Tenth: teL
South 36. P.. mackintosh _CO M successor*
Jt MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. .'4'J
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 7*.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovattng works. 453 Stevenson: tel. sooth 223.
. MUSICAL. lSSTßliMjiiNl's.
LEW WONDERFUL BARGAINS IN USED
J pianos; Steinway upright, Hardman, Chase
Bros, and others: uprights, $75, $120 and up;
new fine uprights on your own terms and at very
low prices. The J. DEWING CO., second floof
Flood building. Fourth and Market sts.
. A CTUALLY THE BKST BARGAINS IN
— a pianos, both new and second-hand at THE
F. W. SP_NCER CO.'S warerooms, 933Marketst.
©IOC.'.I'IKE UPKIGHT PIANO: GO.-D-
-*B> LAO, toneo Instrument: cheap. 1 15 Seventh.
A LMOST : NEW STEINWAY UPRIGHT;
s\ party forced to sell immediately. Room 10,
809 Market at.
0 UPRIGHTS, $100; SQUARE, $75; NEW
•-> pianos, $175; all musical goods cheap. MAU-
VAIS. 769 Market sU
NOTH-R SPECIAL INDUCEMENT FOR
purchasing from Sherman, Clay & Ca ; ele-
gant new upright pianos, together with fine stool
and handsome cover, sold for $6 per mouth: only
$6 cash payment required: every Instrument
1 uaratiteed. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., cor.
Kearnv and Sutter sts.. Pacific Coast representa-
tives of Stelnway <£ Sons' pianos.
CILOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE oF
) small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed In New York; just the chance to buy a fina
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay: violins. $1 85: mandolin.), $3 35;- guitars, $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, fintes, banjos, piccolos,
cases . for instruments, violin outfits, etc ; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, «29
Market St., Spreckels building. .
<_ IMM ' FINE HALVES PIANO. BCHMITZ,
<fl? IUU. 16 McAUls er St., next Hlbernia Bank.
EFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.'. BUSH
& Gerts and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT 4 CO.. 324 Post st.
pHICKKKINO, KNABK. STECK.VOSK, STKR-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187: piaaoa
Tor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 16 Q-Farrwu.
•ft 1 Aft ELEGANT UPRIGHT, QUITE NEW,
<!P J -t"' for sale, $5 instil nits. 221 Leavenworth!
pLEARANCKSALE; NEW UPRIGHTS; $150
\J up; everything at cost. BRUENN, 228 Post.
BYRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST SOHMES,
Newby <fc Kvans. J:riggs »nd oth(*r pianos. "
QCPERIOH VIULINs, ZITHERS, OLU&NEW"
0 H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham placa.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THBt
>V EEKLV CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
UOltS_s. "
STRONG DELIV^RV^oiSs^IjrGOOrjrCONI
dition; a bargain. 159 Second su
ORSE AND WAGON; CHEAP. INQUIRE
1619 Powell st.
LEiKOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
of good harness, our own mate, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue, IK) McAllister st.. S. F.
1 *Sn a>KiS - NEW AAiJ BECONU HANDHAR-
Xt/V/ ness, oil kinds; wagons, buggies, surrhys.
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission s?
500 SKT ' NEW A >'» D-HAND HART
17V/V/ ness; all kinds: buggy.waeon, carts, surrey
itrockawav; 40 cheap horses. 16th ami Valencia.
4A HOKSES J-utt SALK; ALSO WAGONS,
~V7 buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horsa
Market, 327 Slx_ st. ; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers-
TTORSES PASTURED; ShNU K>lt CIRCU-
j 1 i»r. ' '' ■■'('■■ Ranch. ti:-i(> (onin-.-rcial su
' WAGONS AM> CAKKiAGES. : ;
VfOR SALE. AT EASTERN" PRICES, FINE
A carriages of every description;' cash, notes or
Installments. Carvlll Mfg Co., 46-48 8:h St., S. K.
SLIGHTLY LED DRIVING GLOVES;
O sample*. H. M.HEINEMA.V. 109 Sansome stl .
TV-EW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN^
\ r» r 2 : " i lk * nd grocery wagons; also rockawav
and ■-' fine buggies. 828 Harrison st. *
LEGAL NOTICES. V:
NOTICE to crTditors?'- estate"^
XI RUHARD CUNNINGHAM, deceased, some-
times called RICHARD C. CUNNINGHAM.
Notice is hereby given by the under dgned ad-
ministratrix of the estate of RICHARD CUN-
NINGHAM, deceased, to the creditors < f, and all
persons having claims against , the said > deceased
to exhibit them with the necessary vouchers'
within ten months after the first publication -of
this notice, to the tuUd administratrix at room 18.
seventh floor. Mills building, San Francisco. Cal
the same being the place for the transac ion of the
business of the said estate in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of Ca'ifornla.
. ■", ,;■ ALICE I. CUNNINGHAM,
A T d T ml s ' r^ t lx . of the estate of RICHABD
;- CUNNINGHAM, deceased.
. Dated at Kan Francisco, .1 une SO, 1896.
JNO. W. BOURDETTE.
Attorney for Administratrix, Mills building, San
i rancisco."?yßip^ffl|ftmm|in| 6
T\EPARIMENT NO. 9, PROBATE— THE
xj .superior : Court. In and for r the City and
County of san Francisco, State of California.
In the matter of the est»:e of GABRI_L GAIL.
HAHD, deceased, 17601.
_ Notice Is hereby given that TUESDAY, the 4th.
day of Angus , A. i)., 3896. a' 10 o'clock a. _ of
said day and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of
said court a; the new City Hall, in the City and.
County of San Francisco. State of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for proving a
duly authenticated .copy of the will of said
GABRIKL GAILHARD. deceased, and for hear-
ing the application of PIERRINE BKRGES for
the Issuance to him of letters of administration
with the will annexed. ' :•:.-
Dated July 21,' A. D., 1896.
rsEAL] C. F. CURRY. Clerk,
By F. B. HOUGHTON, Deputy Clerk.
«_■ P. A LEX AN DRE BERGEROT, Attorney for
Petitioner, 142-143 Crocker building, San F.-an-
y '--■ TYy_WKIT_RB.
EEMINGTON, $35: >MITU. $60; MKND FOR •
samule work. SCOTT _ BANN_N,S33Mntgmy• HOCSES TO LET.
9^l 9 CALIFORNIA ST., NEAR STEINER—
*- "-»-— 1 8 rooms, bath, laundry, billiard-room and
largeyard: un in evi-ry room; rent lowiode-
Blrab;e tenant •
TJOUSK OF 15 WELL-LIGHTED ROOMS,
XX suitable for lodtrlng-honse; 925. 544 Sixth st.
Q"| A HOUSE, 4 ROOMS, LARGE YARD
<SPX\J. and cellar. Key at bakery, Twenty-
tonrth and Guf rrero. ;
91 07 BU>H-HOUSE 8 ROOMS AND BATH:
— J-\J 1 rent reasonable, call 10 to 4, on premises.
C* 1 A HOUSE: 6 ROOMS; YARD. 917
y lv Treat aye.", near Twenty-second st.
1 <-) PAGE-HOUSE OF S BOOMS AND LARGE
-1 — < stable.
PLENDID 12-ROOM HOUSE, 3392 TWENTY -
JO first street, cor. Guerrero, suitable for board-
Ing or private residence; very low rent. Bee it.
HOUSE— A NICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN _ HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery su
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THI»
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing. - -
IOTI'A(.tS TO LET.
C~OTXA^E^^o7)m"s^lN^D^T^ABL^;'^EAR;
VJ ',1939 Mission st. -
Qft £»O 3 BOM S. 18 PROSPECT AYE.,
<gO.OV . bet. 27th and 28th sts.. near Mission.
/COTTAGE— 6 ROOMS AND BATH; LAKGE
\J stable. 913 Fourteenth st. - -
ffljO -f\ COTTAGE: FLAT, $10: BOTH. RE-
QO. OU. dnced. Owner. 1128 Vallejo st.
ALL ELEGANT COTTAGES, HOUSES AND
flats. Western Addition. 912 up. SPECK &
CO., 602 Market at.
LOVELY MODERN 6-ROOM SUNNY COT-
tace: rent $15. 4392 Seventeenth st., above
° Douglass. •£ -
pOTTAGE, O ROOMS AND STABLE. 34 M.IL-
\J ** r at., off Mission, nr. Seventeenth.
~ FURNISHED FLATS.
\l r HOLE^OB^ART oTu^FURNISHED^OR
'" par.lv furnished flat of 7 rooms: on car line;
modern Improve ■ ems: fine marine view. For
particular* address C 1., box 4*. Call Office.
FLATS TO JUST. • "
•> " 11 A LENCIA^ NEAR^W-NTY^
<p« J <-'« third— l 4 rooms; all well lighted. ASH-
TON — GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
e QQ LOWER FLAT. 3 SUNNY ROOMS. 267
<$<■/. Pore st., off Harrison.
O HOWARD COURT, OFF FOURTH ST.— B
.rooms; water fr?e: rent 914
V 1 7 NEW BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5 LIGHT
. Oil« rooms bath, gas, tubs. 909 Folsom St.,
. pear Fifth.
iqil Sacramento— flat OF 4 rooms.
l'Oi *± bat _
p^PER FLAT, 6 ROOMS: BATH; $17. 1018
.U Hhotwell su
"wIQ "* RtOMt-: BUNNY UPPER FLATS
Q«7. 1316 and 1318 Jessie st., near Hermann.
19 COZY UPPER FLAT, 6 ROOMS. 716%
0 -L— . Tehama st.. near Eighth.
"QT9 BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 3 ROOMS. 28
-»■—«» Kitch st.. near Folsom and Third.
■ Ql C KLEGANT MODERN SUNNY FLATS;
QJ-O. 6 rooms, bath. 136 San Jose aye., nr. 24th.
° f OWER BAY-WIND FLAT: 5 ROOMS;
°J- yard. 30y, Moss, off Howard, nr. Seventh.
U N NY UPPER FLAT; 7 ROOMS AND BATH.
0 14161 a Devlsadero at., near Geary.
. VKW FLATS; 3744 AND 374 4y 8 TWENTY-
i-i second st., near Noe; 5 and 6 rooms and bath;
rents $16 and $18. Apply to EAbTON. EL-
" DRIDGE A CO.. 638 Market st. ■
SEE THOSE ELEGANT NEW FLATS AND
stores, Nos. 405, 433 and 819 Valencia su;
° rents reasonable. Apply to L. A. SOCC & CO.,
° 465 and 467 Valencia si, near Sixteenth.
'■ °'/t9V FREMONT— FLAT 4 SONNY BOOMS TO
■ *d—— small family: marine view. . ■
'9 NORFOLK ST.7 NEAR ELEVEN! H. OFF
<J— ■ Harrison— Sunny flat 4 rooms: large yard. .
"ZfTTj FLAT 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 1027
C 10. Post st., near Polk.
V'EW SUNNY UPPER FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND
-> bath. 527 Dolores su : 915. --. ".--:
• Ql f% 5 LARGK SUNNY ROOMS: BATH,
•_ J «J. gas and large planked yard. 3930 N in e-
t*>enth St., bet. Noe and Sanchez.
<{Wl AND $10; UPPER AND LOWER FLATS:
• • C «-' 3 rooms; yard, cellar. 1008 Natoma,nr.llth.
1 :nr GOLDEN GATK AYE.— FLAT OF 4
Xx)\JO rooms; large yard: nice garden.
' I 1-9 BR IADWAY —FLAT 4 LARGE
1 1— rooms: rent $14.
•V^AT,; 5 BOOMS: BATH; GOOD MARINE
••X view. 2108 Leavenworth jU, bet. Filbert and
Greenwich, _!__*_.
Q..-1 /• SUNNY FLATS: 5 ROOMS: BATH;
' ©'ID. stable. 135 FalrOa*3, nr. Twenty-third.
°''Q 1 A LEA VKNWORTH— HANDSOME SUN-
. Olrt oy flat 7 rooms, bath, cellar; rent reduced.
ToOl Wr.BSTEK— B SISSY KOOila AND
J.O_:l bath. .•-.--■.
.')■] \ HARRISON— LOWEB FLAT 5 KOOMS,
0 01 1 bath: 914. ■ -.
Q-l ii Flat of 3 LABGE BOO—9. 138
%pX\J. Rose aye. ■
'*1 (\i \1 I Bard. NEAR HYDE-MODERN
.IUUI flat, 6 rooms and bath. *
•• 99j A BUSH— sunny BAY-WINDOW flat
o — •Iv/ of 5 rooms and bath: $16. :
Din GRUVB. NEAR FJLLMOBE— LOWER
' i— i flat 6 sunny modern rooms elegantly pa-
° pered; bath; basement; yard: 925.
EALTH, ast-re AND" ECONOMY
combined: ail bright, cozy flats*. 5 rooms:
bath: marine view. 8 »nd 10 Hanover place, off
ofc-acraaento St.. below Mason; keys cor. Mason.
_>1 Q FLAT OF 3 LARGE BOuMS; LARGE
»_ iD. yard. 212»6 Eleventh st.
'LAI— A NICK LAI' AND OTHERS TO
' rent by BALDWIN _ HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
rcmery su ■ ■
/•I' GEARY— LOWER AT: FINE CONDI-
Ox U tion; 6 rooms, bath: all light and sunny :S3U.
"<_l /• W ATE It FHKE: LOVELY UPPER
•_ I v). modern sonny 5-room flat; 100 feet from
fas: ro cars. 4073 Twenty-tblrd st.: key 4075.
° °T-»ESIRABLE SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
XJ with ba:h a::d all modern Improvements.
1633 Bush St., bet. Franklin and Uough; runt, mo-
o rinding water. 942 50.
t^V 1-laT, 5 BOOMS and BATH; 912;
water free. 629 Ivy aye.
L'UiiAM' NEW FLATS. or. \ ENTH ST.. BE-
"L low Urvaat. 5 and 6 rooms, bath: 98 to $16.
z l "i WEI NEWS rOB 5 CENTS— TEB
-V WEEKLY CALL. In wraeDer. for matllns.
HOUSEKEEPING KOO3IS.
t x-uuv Street.
. 7 EDDY— HOUhEKEEPING ROOMS;
OX I nicely furnished ; splendid location; private
family. . ■
Jjlils -tree..
OOA ELLIS— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSE-
• OOu keeping rooms: in rear: cheap.
*• Q*>(J ELLIH. N R. VAN N K.-S — SUNNY
. .OOvf rooms suitable for man and wife or two
> ladles; rent reasonable; references exchanged.
Fifth btreet. "
Q1 A FIFTH — 2 SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
OXri kpg rms: stove: closet; bath: private; $30.
t»eary street.
• 0171 GEARY-THREE HOUSEKEEPING
— . 1 1 2 rooms: rent reasonable: key 217.
, Glen I'»rk Avenue.
c GLEN PARK AYE., OFF TWELFTH— B UN-
-0 furnished sunny rooms; closets.
. I-, .I.
:. . . bviutii « ai« Avenue. . .
Al C GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 3 PLEABANT,
'K ID nicely furnished housekeeping rooms.
V f\Q GOLD GATE AYE.— LARGE ALCOVE
_______________o_______£a__n______l.
Howard Street.
HO. 1 1 HOWARD — BAY-WINDOW SUITE,
1 Ola with kitchen: others double and single ;
reasonable. ' ' . . . ' , .
Lacuna Street.
OAA LACUNA. COB. MCALLISTER—
• i/UU bongekeeplng room»»; gas stove.
JLarUin ix.reo..
AOQ-A B X 1 - NICELY FrRNISHEI
rt£tJ rooms complete for housekeeping. ...
OA 'Jtl "LARKIN-2 OR 3 NICE FURNISHED
L'XOU rooms for housekeeping. . .
Lcav(»«rurih street.'
1 fit Al LEAVEN WO RTH-LOWER FLOOR
IUI V/2 unfurnished; fine housekeeping rooms;
chean. ■ ■ - ' : : ; - ' ~ : '-' ■ '-' ' ; '*" : -" : - 7 '
1 ni ' LEAVENWOSTH-3 UNFURNIBHBIi
IUIO rooms with bath for housekeeping; 910
Market Street.
l'Ql 9. MARKET (VAN NESS - HOUSE)-
lOl— . Suite oniornlshed rooms light honsekpg.
McAllister street.
OOQa MCALLISTER - 3 UNFURNISHEr
—— O rooms, private family; references.
fcitSl— I !'•«..
271 MINNA — 2 : NICELY FURNI6HEH
— < 1 rooms for nonsekeeplng. ' ■■•-■-
-ZAi> MINNA-FURNISHED ROOMS COM-
___Jplete for housekeeping; Urge yard. .
kAQ MINNA-FINE LARGE ROOM, FURJ
y^O nlshed complete for hoßisteeplng: 90.
...»lon -. ie»..
" QA7 MISSION— FUBNISHED BOOMS, COM-
O~ri plete for housekeeping.
7 MISSION — BUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
. keeping rooms: newly renovated. . ->■
K«w Montgomery street.
• in^ NEW MONTGOMERY - NEWLY PA-
XXJO pered and renovated: cheapest furnished
housekeeping suites in city', $•* tatm.
HOJCS^K^EPryo ROOMS -Contlßned.
NlntU Street.
91 NINTH— LABOE- BAY-WINDOW ROOM I
- X for light housekeeping; also others.
Norfolk Street.
CO NORFOLK, ELEVENTH. OFF HAR-
*'*- rison— 2-roomed cottage furnished tor house-
keeping; yard. •
Octavia Street.
"I JAO OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY — 2 FUR-
X"tUO nished, or partly; bay-windows: sunny.
' ■ iJ'tHi-rell street.
91 A O'FARRELL— sUNNY FURNISHED
_<Xtt rooms for housekeeping: gas, bath. ■
Pacific Street.
Q"! 7 PACIFIC — 3 FURNISHED HOUSE-
VI I keeping-rooms: $13; seen evenings after
7 o'clock. . ■■ • . -
lulk street.
191 Q POLK-* FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
XjUXU nlshed housekeeping rooms; also single.
Tost Street.
Q99 POST— 2 PLEASANT BACK BOOMS FOR
€/■—'—' housekeeping; rent $10.
second street.
499 SECOND— SUIT SUNNY HOUBEKEEP-
'!*-«. Ing rooms fnrnUhed; other rooms, $4 up;
bath and laundry. _^
Scott Street.
1 R~\ A SCOTT-3 OR 4 SUNNY ROOMS; US-
J-Ulti: furnished; bath; garden, etc. Call M.
s.l— «.n>. res..
SIXTH — 2 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
*->■*- rooms with cellar, for man and wife; 96. '
South l'aru.
"I C* SOUTH PARK-2 OR 3 FURNISHED OR
11/ unfurnished housekeeping rooms. 97 to $10.
Stevenson Street.
PLQRI STEVENSON— 3 FURNIBHED OR UN-
<JOU2 furnished sunny housekeeping rooms.
btockton Street.
"1 nf\O STOCKTON— 2 SUNNY BOOMS FUR-
X I \JO nisbed complete for housekeeping; yard;
cheap rent. ■ .
Third Street. , :
I AO THIRD —8V N N V HOUSEKEEPING
110 rooms complete: $2 50 a week.
Twenty-third Street.
AO(\A TWENTY -THIRD ST., NR. CASTRO— j
tt_C>y± 3 nicely furnished rooms: bath and
kitchen; nice flower garden: cheap to adults.
Washington street.
I rAO WASHINGTON— UNFURNISH-
iJu- ed housekeeping rooms: running water. .
"Welsh Street.
m WELSH, OFF FOURTH-2 OR 3 NlCi;-
ly furnished rooms; housekeeping: cheap.
— — —
ROOM.* TO " LKT.
California street,
1 9-1 94 CALIFORNIA— FURNISHED ROOMS
; — . JL—*± for gentlemen.
Clara Street.
QO CLARA— 4 ROOMS, WITH WATER, BENT
61 $io. ■.. -.
Eddy Street.
-I -1 Q EDDY— BRIGHT SUNNY ROOMS $8
i 110 up; also front suite cheap.
ALL AT THE PORTSMOUTH FOR NICE,
reasonable rooms. 41 Eddr, corner Mason.
i-'Ulirh :-tree..
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOTTbE, SH BTH ;
su. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
j JUiii- stree.. '•- ;. ; v
\ VANDELL, 120 ELLIS-SUNNY SUITES,
■A. $4 week up; single rooms, double beds, $2 up;
bath free.
, fIiHK KAMONA. 130 ELLI3; AIRS. KATE S.
; 1 HART, manager— A quiet house: rentr%lly lo-
j cated; newly furnished: elevator: hot A cola water.
■ Q9l ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
O— . I lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
: 791 ELLIS— SUNNY t-INGLE BOOM, $6;
I — . 1 use of bath.
* ill more Street.
Ol A 3 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS TO SMALL
0-L • family. 2212 Fill more st., near Clay.
*it._j-_v vret,.
: yfQQGEARY.COR.TAYLOR— *UNNY FRONT
: OO bay-window rooms; 98 to $10 per month.
THE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
; 1 handsomely furnished suites; single rooms: $10
month up. 1101 Geary St., s-W. cor. Van Ness aye.
Ooufh Street. ■'
p OUGH. NR. PINE— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
vjr alcove room, and large room connecting; fur-
nished or untarnished: board optional ;■ private
family.' Address Reasonable, box 99, Call Office.
Gilbert Street.
"1 991 GILBERT, BET. TOWNSEND AND
JL — — "2 Brannan— 3 unfurnished rooms to let; $8.
I.OIUCU Oate Avenue.
! 91 Q GOLDEN GATE-NICE SUNNY SINGLE
-It/ rooms from $5 to $8. •
Prove Street.
in- ROVE— NICE LV FURNISHED LARGE
! At'tJ front room; rent $7.
lioward Street.
I XOai HOWARD —SUNNY room with
»J OU2 crate, for gentleman. $4: others $6 and 97
r<nQ HOWARD — DOUBLE AND SINGLE
U— O rooms; gas; bath; reasonable.
"VJEWPORT HOUSE, 1113% HOWARD HIT.,
'. Xi I near Seventh — Sonny furnished rooms, from
91 25 a week op; housekeeping from $2 up;
transient.
Hyde Street.
91 A HYDE— 2 BUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
-IV for housekeeping; $16. '•■ -.--■; •"•
•(ones Street.
j O(\7 .'ONE?— THE VAN WINKLK: NEW
_ iU 1 management: elegant sunny suites and
i single: newly tnmlshed: bath, etc: 910 tos&).
>.t>mT stree..
1 QA KEARNY— SUITES ELEGANTLY
! O\J furolshed: electric light; gas; tourists so-
: llcited. . | ■ , _______
i 4 BLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
1 -1 Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect; terms reasonable.
M_r_»t "tree..
YOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night, 35c to 91 : week. 91 50 to $5: families.
AicAUister sire-;.
i OORA MCALLISTER OPP. CITY HALL—
' : __ .0 Sunny furnished rooms; 98 and $10; pri-
. vate family.
21— ma street.. .
nnr> MINNA. COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
DO I nished bay-window rooms: $1 per week. -
O'iurrell Streos.
Al G O'JT A B BELL -CHANGED 'HANDS;
•41 D nicely furnished sul tea and single; terms
reasonable. _— __ -i— _
. r79'l O'FARKKLL— DOUBLE FCRNISHED
I — .U2 cottage room.
Seventh Street. *
• 1 SEVENTH — NICELY FURNISHED
1 J- DP front single rooms: 91 per week. ■ "
eixth street. '
1 Of\ SIXTH— SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSE-
, IZU keeping and single rooms: transient.
; Ini SIXTH— CHKA TEST I.V THE CITY;
. IZI nicely furnished single and double rooms.
tuner
OAQ BUTTER - FURNISHED BOOMS OR
- OUU suites. $125 to 910 a week; night, 26c to
91 50; transients solicited. ■ .- • .
, j AA SUITER— SUNNY FRONT SUITi- , FUR-
| OUU nished or unfurnished; also single, fur-
- nlshed. . / ■ ________i__
' El A SUTTER— NICKLY FURNISHED SUN-
. 1 Oli ny rooms, en suite or single.
! T/lO SUTTER. COB. TAYLOR— ELEGANTLY
I ti.UO newly furnished sunny rms. : suite or single.
; ! ■nOt 4 SUTTKR— 3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS IN
i 1-.D private family, gents only; references re-
| ! quired. ■-.-.. __I__l__l___l
. I I dli BUTTBB— S UNFURNISHED ROOMS
lull to let by elderly lady; »7. -: '
! 1111 SUTTER ST.— NICELY FUP.NISHED
• ■XX XX rooms, en soil* or single: reasonable.'
• II AQ SUTTER. COR. POLK — NICEST
JltiO rooms; lowest price; light housekeeping;
traveling public accommodated. ■
Stockton Street.
OAA STOCKTON. N E. COB. GEARY— SUNNY
( ZUU furnished downtown rooms: 97.
iay lor Street.
1 AO TAYLOB— DOUBLE PARLORS;
. X\JO 2 beds: single rooms $1 50 a week. .- -
I C A i)TAYLOK,CuR. GEARY-LARGE SUNNY
. OUZsnit*. formerly occupleo by physician: fur-
nished or unfurnished. .- . ' - -~
Tenth Street. • . . '
AO A TENTH-4 BOOMS; LOW KENT; NO
404 children. •
; • . ": - ; ." -':- TO ? LKASE.
mo LAROE~^UILb I KO-.
1 suitable for manufacturing purposes: ' corner
] Seventh and Bryant sis. 411 Montgomery su
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 28, 1890.
BOAKDIXG AND ROOMS.
74-Q FOLSOM — H ANDSOiI ! E~~HIR^I S i
1 tr«7 sunny rooms; board optional; private; rea- J
sonable. , • j
7 •_> 7 ELLIS, NK.POL_-FURN_s_ED ROOM !
101 wttU board.
140'- VAN NEsS AYE.— ALCOVE ROOM {
X^.\J\J with board; private family; references. J
yrv-J JONES — SUNNY ROOMS/ SUITE OK :
»>VX single; board If desired. •
l-J'JO ELLIS — NICELY FURNISHED PAR- 1
UOO lors. en suite or single, with board. I
HOVEL BKKT_INU. 714 bUsll-A FAMILY '
hotel: references glveu and required; allmoa- .
>m ortnvenlrnc^. ■:■■'■
_ ■ CUILDKEX -BOARDED.
H I L DR E '55 ABB i eTd "pr Tva T E "FAMILY '
\J in country; nearby; *10 a month. MRS.
L. ISAAC, Dimond Postoffice, Upper Frultvale, ,
Alameda County. |
ADY WISHES 1 OR 2 CHILDREN TO 1
board; sunny yard; mother's care. 1165 Mis- <
sion st. ■ - : -.- . . i
"1 CHILD; TERMS MODERATE. 4025
i- Twenty-fifth st. ■ -
LADY WITH GIRL OF 15 WISHES IOR 2 '
children to board. 321 Cumberland st. ,
PLEASANT HOME AT 1727 MCALLISTER |
j^s'. for child: good care: terms mo-ieraie. |
' STORES TO LET.
pIGAR-STAND TO RENT— FIX I'URES COM-
yj plete; fine corner; must be rented before the
Ist of Aucrust: rent very cheap. Apply 200 Stock-
ton St.. cor. Geary. •
K(\A ELLIS— SMALL STORE Toi RENT;
'> vt suitable for shoeshop. Apply at groceery
adjoining.
Z\(\(\ NINTH— COKNER STOKK; GOOD FIX-
*J\J\J tnres and rooms; stable: cheap. •
C 1 ORE AND 4 ROOMS. $14. 3114 FILLMORE
0 street.
TORE— 424S NINETEENTH ST.. CORNER
Diamond, near Doarlnss School, with 3 living-
rooms; rent $13. Inquire 4247 Nineteenth.
LARGE BASEMENT TO LET CHEAP. COll-
XJ ncr First and Market sts. - "
STORE COR. LAFAYETTE, 1624 HOWARD;
with fixtures lor saloon; fit lor any business,
cheap rent.
otflLts r iO LKT.
OKA MARKET, COR. aTOCKTON— CORNER
«- *-*" room. 8 large windows, suitable for arcb>
tect or artist; other offices; rent cheap.
ESK ROOM TO LET IN A PLEASANT
sunny office in Crocker build for $15 per
month with free service* of a competent sten-
ographen. Ad. BILLINGTON, box 64, this office.
)() O»FAKRKL_— LARGE, SUNNY OFFICES; j
— ■" electric lights; elevator and janitor services.
"I JO EDDY- FINE SUITE; (iKOUND FLOOK;
-«- 1O offices for doctor or dentist.
OPRECK E LS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
wj Elegant snnnv offices. 912 50 up: electric-light;
I beating and Janitor service free. Apply at building
I or U. H. UMBSKN & CO.. 14 Montgomery at.
BICYCLES.
VOSEMITE TANDEM ALMObT NEW. 585;
i. new bicycles at less than cost. W. CRANE,
324 Post s;.
BEN TANDEM. ALMOST NEW: Tit I B-
une, $50; Cleveland, $40: Rambler. $40: Ben
Uur. ladies', 950. DAVIS B ROs.. 25 Geary su
WINKIKLDPKAKSCN, 216 MCALLISTER.
. Headquarters Lu-ml-nnm and Thistle bicycles
i.. ARGAISTIN A (STEARNS TANDEM: ALSO
1 > single wheels. 306 Post st. _^
OARK CYCLKRY— NEW WHEELS TO _ET;
X bo-it accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
All-.ster and Powell at. car lines. -
toil MISCELLANEOUS.
a* *i NEW : siNGER; 6 IdRAW-
-lU. em: attachments complete. 2437 Mission
CIAA FOR BU I L. DIN LEASED LOT:
O-LUU suitable for grocery- W. CRANE, 324
Post st. -
CODA FOUNTAIN, ICECREAM FKEEZEtt,
| O etc., $90. 159 second st. -
Hoisting-works TOOLS AND SUPPLIES
cheap. Address X. Y. Z., box 86, Call Office.
Ir» BENCH DOUBLE-ACTION ERA HARP;
_J_price $400. Warehouse. 722 Mission st.
| "VEARLYNEW RAMBLER BICYCLE; BAR-
— gain. Apply bet. 7 and Bp. - , 1510 Octavla.
I LMVE- HOUSE POWF.R GAS ENGINE.
X BROWNING & .BREMER's gunslore, 820
Kearny st. . * ' ■
.4RSTON FOOT-POWER. SAW WITH BOR-
ing attachment. Pacific Storage Booms, 301
Stockton st.
J VU 1 WINDMILL; 4000-GALLON TANK;
I -»-' first-class brass pump; galvanized pipes. Ad-
dress EDWARD McGEE, 2212 Magnolia St., Oak-
j land.
Cm-, NEW. CAMPING WAGCN. APPLY
) grocery-store, corner silver aye. and ■ Mission.
ARNESo AND PEDDLING WAGON. 1620
Mission st. : $30. . - ■-.- .;-..—
bAKS, SHOWCASES, counters, bhelv-
it Ing, eta, bought and sold. 1063 Mission st ■
PLENDID BEMINGTON TYPKWRITKR.
$45: others from $20 up. REVALK, 310 Cai.
GOaD~6ECOND-HANIT_OILER; ALSO LOT
pulleys, shafting, etc. W. L. SAN FORD,
1 415, Washington st. -
~S OILERS, ENGINEJS.2D-UANDMACHINKRY.
-LI waterpipes. Mclntosh A Wolpman. 137 Beala.
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND HAVE
them repaired: separate parts sold and shipped.
, Ban Francisco Baby Carnage M'f g. Co.. 4 i . Sixth.
PACIFIC GAS ENGINE— 2-H. P.: PERFECT
order- 2 Adams prtg presses: power 616 Misslpn
COUNTERS, SHELVING, SHOWCASE.-*
bought an I sold. 1121^ Market.bet. 7th A Bth.
| UILDINU.-5 iiOCGHI. LCiilBKIl, SAsHtJ
I • ' doors, mantela. etc. fir sale. 1168 Mission.
I i M! SMALL MEDIUM AND LAKG- SilZB
' fire and bor| : ! " r roof safe. 109. 11l Market »;
L'lP-t. AND BL'KULAK SAF_, LETT Kit-
I -*■ press, platform scales and desk : cheap. lOi Clay
\TK\v ranges cheaper than second-
-> hand. »V. «. RAY Mfg Co, 1 a California
SEWING MACHINES.
\ YEW FAMILY SINGERS FOR RKNT," $1
!— 1 per month:- V. 8. Singers, $2. 1559 Market.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired; lowest rates. VO5 Fourth st.
LuM.
6§T- LAD Y'SOOLJO WATCH- OPEN FACE":
M. S. on back: Fulton st. nr. Devljadero, or on
Devlsadero or Ellls-st. electric line, transferring to
| Leavenworth-*.. cars. Address 1119 Bush st. and
! receive reward.
LOsT— (SATURDAY, JUNE 28, LADY'S GOLD
watch and chain, between Union street and
i Germanla Garden. Finder re.urn to *14 Tenth
j St.; liberal reward. ■
pOACH DOG; NAME, PLAT_ AND ADDRESS
V/ on collar; 3213 Fillmore st. Return to Santa
I Clara stable. 15 Glasgow St.. of Tivoli: reward.
OST— FEATHER BOA, SATURDAY, AT
J J the Chutes; suitable reward. Ketnrti 2328
I Jones, st. ■
1
j ATTORN EYS- AT-LAW.
*ApDV ICE FREE— "DI VOKCE l a^vjTa^specT
xv aityt private; do charge unless successful: all
, lawsuits, claims, collection^ wills, deeds, etc, a*-
tended to. G. W. HOWE. att'y-at-Uw. 850 Market.
LE. PHILLIPS— U. S. AND STATE COURTS:
• damage cases a specialty: money to loan on
estates: charges moderate. : Offices 508 California.
XAT F. ARAM. ATT'Y- AT- LAW, 6BI PARKOTT
»' .bldg. Practices in ell courts ;charges moderate
T EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED; NO PUB-
Xj llclty,; advice free, confidential. P. O. box 2132.
RW KING, ATTORNEY- AT- LAW. CHRON-
-It. It-ie Didg: advice free: mrvlerat*: open evngs.
~
TRUSTEES' SALES.
nRRUi?TEEi' SALE— IN ACCORDA^NCE^VVITH
! . X the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by TOBIAS M. M.N-
DEMAN, party of the first part, to HENRY C.
> CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT. Trus-
-1 tees, parties of the second part, and the San Fran-
I cisco Savings Union, party of tbe third part, dated
I December 29th; 1887. and recorded In the office of
; the County Recorder of the City and County of San
; Francisco. State of California, in Liber v 1275 of
! Deeds, at pages 65, and following: and In pur-
suance of a resolution passed' on the 23d day of
January. " 1696, • by the Board of Directors of
said SAN FKANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a
I corporation, and tbe holder of tbe notes (No. 8556),
: to secure payment of which the aforesaid deed of
' ; trus: was executed,. declaring that default had
! been made tn the payment of the principal snms
. and other sums, due under said notes ana deed of
trust, and requesting and directing said HKNRY
j C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,
: Trustees, to sell the real estate described therein
|to satisfy said indebtedness: •
We. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
1 B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
I TUESDAY, the 4th day of August. A. D. 1896. at
. | 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
; room of Easton, Eldridge _ Co.. No, 638 Market
i street, in the City | and County of . ban Francisco,
M (State of California, we will sell at ; public auction,
( to the highest bidder, for cash In - gold coin of the
; United States, all that piece or parcel of land sit-
uate in the city and County of San Francisco, Stale
. ot California, described as follows, to wit :
Commencing at the corner formed by the Inter-
section of the southerly line of Pacific street with
I the 1 easterly line of Mason street, ami running
• i thence easterly, along said line of Pacific street,
one hand re and three fret two inches (103 and
' 2-12 feet) : thence at right angles southerly, sixty-
two feet six inches (62 and 612 feet): thence at
right angles : westerly, - twenty-seven - feet eight
Inches (27 and 8-12 feet): thenceat right angles
southerly, ten feet six Inches (10 and tt-12 feet):
! thence at right angles westerly, seventy-five feet
' and six Inches (75 and 6-12 feet), to said easterly
. I line of Mason street; and: thence northerly, along
| the last-nameJ line. seventy-three (73 feet), to the
• | point of commencement:
Being portion -of fiity-vara lot number three
• hundred and thirty-five (335) :
-Together with the appurtenances. . •
Terms of sale— in gold coin of the United
1 States: ten p*r cent payable to the undersigned on
, ' the fall of the hammer; • balance on delivery of
; deed- and if not so paid, unless for want of title
■ (ten days being allowed 1 for search), then said ten
I per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be void.
: Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. ;w? ■■'■■
HENRY C. CAM PBELL, 1 TrMtP#a>
TUADDECS B. KENT. / I™ 1"*
.'. PERSON A I.S.
t'SfobmatTon wa nted of williamXnd
1' THOMAS MURPHY, natives of . Connty Wei-
ford. Ireland: a»ed 30 and 35. Address J. F. AN-
DERSON, 1209 Florida st. . -
I) VICE FKEE: DIVORCE . LAWS A SPE-
cialty: private: nocnarge unless successful: all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O. W. WE. atty-at-law, 850 Market st.
T INCOLN BRu3.. . CASH • ROCK KS, 226
Xj .-ixth St., middle of the block— Dates. 6c tb:
picnic hams, 6c Jt>: Eastern sugar-cured bams. 9c
1b: salmon 'rout. 5c each: 10-Jb rack cornmeal.
20c; flour, 75c sack: butter. 25c ro.l; .eggs,. 10c
doz?r. r LINCOLN B Hot?.. 226 Sixth st. /-
"DECORDS OR CHARTS AT ;5c EACH: M A-
XX sonic. Odd Fellows, Red -Men, Knights of
Pythias; framed cheaply: also lot of good oil
paintings, a uargain. JONES. 547 Mission at. ■
LL client's, etc.. AXE hereby
notified of my return from my vacation; the
courts are open for divorce, probate ' and other
suits: wills, deeds, etc., prepared; respectfully so-
licit continuance of past favor.«: advice free; no
charge unless saccessful. G. W. HOWE, attorney-
at-law, 850 Market St., corner Stockton. ■ - - ■ ■
yOK PARTIES. FOR DANCES AND BALLS,
-T for theaters, coiffures of all kinds tor only 25c,
done by the best artists In the city, at G. LED£R-
Its 1 , ill Stockton St.; "Qulnonla," . it cures. all
scalp troubles.
/CONSUMPTION TREATED; NEW METHOD.
\J DX. AMERICAN, 3gy<, Geary St.: 12 to 2 :30.
WOMEN'S ELECTRIC SANITARIUM^
" rooms 53 Maze building— New and scientific
methods for promoting health, beauty. Con. tre*.
PRIVATE. CONFIDENTIAL MARRIAGE
X bureau. For details address Reliable, tox 15,
Call Office. <- ■ ;
LADY, STRAiM.ER IN THE CITY, DESIRES
business partner:small capital. 122 Post sU,r.2
PARTINGION~'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustrat on: day and evening
Classes: Instructors, J. H. E. Partinuton, Gerrude
Partlngton. R. L. I'artlngton. Panlculars 424 Pin-.
WATCH* JEWELRY REPAIRING. STONE
• » engraving, mono rama,creat«:low |.ric>-s;work
guaranteea. J. N. BRITTAI 20 Geary st.
MRS. DR. PORTER, CUIKOPODIST AND FA-
l'i cial artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purest toilet articles. iat> Kearny st., rooai 47.
MRS*. SADIE EVANS 1 COSMETIC PARLORS,
865% Market St., room IX ,
"IJIG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON EVE-
X) ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. : artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of but*
cess. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
* TTHK VERY LOWEST EASY TKKMS YOU
-TV can bay furniture, carpets, blankets, etc : also
dres»» poods, cloaks. Jewelry, at M. ROTH*
CHILD'S. 213-215 Mason St.: open evenings.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to 91 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties. $15 upward. Cut-rate
Taloring Company, l ll7 Market St., bet 7th and Bi.b.
AZOK-FIXING OUR MPKcTa LI V : FINE
edgepntonrazor,2sc. Razor Excbee,63UMarket
pLOAKS. CAPES AND SUIIS RETAILED AT
\J mauufrs' cost. Factory. 20 sansotue, upstairs.
"I IBEI.AL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, Jh.Vt-
XJ dry. etc.: lowest rates. 84* Market at.
HTROZYNSKI. LEADING LADIKS' HAIR-
. dresser, removed 10 24 Geary. Popular prices.
L.D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing hough- ' I'OI.MAX. 41 Sa. cor. Je«-«la.
DKKsSJIAhKUS.
DRESSES 92 UP: WK APPEKS3S CENTS UP;
XJ lawn 81 np. SO.V»i Na'nnia st.. above Sixth.
tLAIUVUKANTS. ~
UCCESS " A BbOL UTELY GUARANTEEdT
O Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M. L. CAK-
NELLE, the prince of clairvoyants, will elvp ad-
vice on Dnslness speculations, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorces; settles lovers'
Quarrels, reunites the separated and causes a
happy marriage with the one of your choice: he
locates mines and bidden treasures, tells of your
friends and : enemies, removes evil influence*,
cures bad habits. Rives advice on lawsuit* and
everything relating to the future, thousands of
families lorn? separated reunited by his efforts;
thousands of hearts made glad through his predic-
tions: send stamp for circular. 220 Eddy »C
Hours from 9 to 9 daily and Sundays.
\ I ME. STEWERT. SEVENTH DAUGHTER
■iVL 01 the seventh daughter, still astonishes the
city by producing exact likeness of your future
husband Or wife: the greatest trance clairvoyant
and card-reader on the coast: test her powers ere
she sails for Europe: she guarantees to bring back
lost love; makes peace and happiness In the home.
Looms 3 and 4. 917 Market su Ladles and gents 500
IT AN A THK GYPSY. T~
This remarkable woman has just arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
in unraveling tbe mystery of human fate: she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: she reunite! the separated;
causes speedy and happy marriage wUh tbe one
of your cnoice: lucky numbers given, 8 Turk st.
ME. TKU-t, CELEBRATED GYPSY, Un-
precedented success In New York City, great-
est card reader on the coast, gives Infallible love-
charms 10 all: hours 10 10— Booms 44-45, 3'J 6
Ktockton sL : e'evator. \
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIKVOY-
ant, card- reader, born with a double veil anl
second sight; ladies 50c. gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings 91 50. 126 Turk st.. nr. Jone*
El URN Ed, WOKLD-Kh.NO MMti
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells par-
present and fnture: prices moderate, t-56 Mission.
~\l ME. AKNIiT, BKSl" t'UUTUNE TELLER IN*.
iU the world: sl>c and (1. shows you the pictured
tour fnture husband or wile. 4 Twelfth, cor.Marte*
YPSY MEDIUM RETURNED: SITTINGS
dally; 25c up. 240V2 Sixth St.. rooms 6 and 7.
MB. LEO ETT 1 PRBsKNT, PAST AND
future; 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ME. MOP.EAU, BEsiT MEDiUM; REVEALS)
past, present, fnture: 25c up. 764 Howard st.
\| RAVK.NA REAL - LIFE FLUENTLY;
ii business ad vice: name) I p. 5 Fourth.
ISS M. ULAN A ROLLINS MENTAL MAG-
netlc healer; test medium. 650 Market, r. 0-31
IS!-! BEATRICE BLANCHE. CARD-READ-
it. late from Guatemala. 105 Larkln st.. r. 2.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave; ladle*. 26«: gents, 50c. 914 O' Farrell. ,
\\ rs^ KNIGHT, "CLAIRVOYANT, CARD
IVL reader: fee 50c-. ladies only. 714 Leavenworth.
EST. CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH: FEE
1> 25c. 41 Minna st.. near Second: basement.
SPIRITUALISM.
A VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN IS
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE. SH
FEE 91 _ UPWARD! FEE 91 & UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eyeT - Are you In trouble, sick or -down"? 'It so
read tbis^and learn that lite is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this roast in tbe ten years past. Is
Benin at her old office-*, 1320 Market street. San
Francisco, and Is now as ready as ever to assist
I every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole lire revealed: success
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless: tne
separated are united; the sick made strong; the
poor become rich; If yon think your husband, wire
or lover la untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 Imitate ncr as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. She does
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) - cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to. and no
matter of bow lone standing. Writ*) if you can-
not call, for treatment oy mail Is always most suc-
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered.
. Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE 91 & UPWARD! I'EK $1 _ UPWARD!
1 - MBS." UK. A. D. HOWE, ■ - -
1320 Market st-. odd. Seventh,
-, '. &an Francisco.
R3. FULTON, WRITING AND PHYSICAL
seance to-night, 25c; materializing Saturday,
2 P. _ 31 Fell st.
A T FRIENDSHIP HALL, 326 MCALLISTER;
-r\. Mrs. C J. Meyer, test clr. lues. _ Frt, '£ p. m.,
10c: sittings $1. ;
mO-NIGHT— KATIE HXUSKMANN'S GRAND
1 test meeting at 326 McAllister; admission free.
1 > EST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 10c. MME. YOUNG,
605 McAllister St.; sittings daily.
RS. KATE HOSKINB— CIRCLE TO-NIGHT:
25c. 136 Oak St. ••" - • .<
MRS. BHRINER; TKBT CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
tests to a : l. 25c: sittings dally. 311, Van Ness.
XX dr. MIRANDAS. the celebrated
spiritual medium, removed to 1723 Market st.
"VI RS. KATE HOfKINS, TRANCK AND BlT*l-
i'l ness medium: sittings daily: 9 1 Oakst.
1 ISHUF UARRISO ■•7l»7O MARKKT: bE A N-
I) cc* Tuesday, Friday even's, 25r: 10 to 4 daily.
M. FKA.NCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE-
« writer 118 Halghl M : hours 9 until 6P. M.
.ASTROLOGY. . '-. '
"T^TK^LOGtTXnD^I i STTTJSB
j\- or questions answered: Prof. Howard's vital
I remedies restore health. 311 Hyde st., 10 to 3. -
- -FKOPKitTI IO • tXCilANtifc. -•-;
CsO«n/\ modern^ cottagkV- a Tbooms:
— Ov'U. in. Oakland; clear: . for small Im-
proved farm close to Santa Kosa or San Jose.
HCOH M. CAME HON. 479 Ninth St.. Oakland.
ffifjcnn : 11- ACRES; ALL "in FRUIT:
O''«JUU. half . old:- half young: cottage 7
rooms; large barn; windmill: tank; no mortgage;
VacaviUe trade • for city property. HUGH
I M. CAM EBON. «79 Ninth *'.., Oakland.  ? ■
1 (IArT PLACES for SALE OR EXCHANGE.
' 1 \) \J\J -san Francisco '
' — ' ' ■ Oakland. A lamed — — — :
Berkeley aod other city and town property-—
— Ranches, hotels, rooming-houses
And business places ■ all . prices " ■
H. C DECKER, 1020 Market st
p ROCERY-STORE i AND BARBUOM  WITH
.VJT. fixtures and buildings: doing ft good business :
centrally located; ill exchange for 80 or 160 acres
of land in AlameUa or adjoining counties. For full
particulars apply to K. W. WOODWARD, 466
Tenth St., Oakland.' ■ , •
1 Own ACHE-* TIMBER LAND, KEKN CO.:
1-OU water: tine tor cattle-raising. N..bx.16.C— 1
:^ PROPERTY WANTED.
T\rANTEI>^ IMPROVED^cIt^-'pROPERTY
'» for SO-acre. model : orchard at San Leaud.ro.
SPECK _ CO., 632 Market »>«raJM_HHR
i
CITY REAL ■ESTATE.
FINE INVESTMENT.
MODERN FLATS.
. MUST BE SOLO.
©1 - AAA 6 MODERN FLATS OF 6 AND
W IO. UUU.;. 7 rooms and bath; on N. side of I ■
Oak St., near ccott; only 5 years old and lo splen- ;
did condition: rents for $1560 per annum: lot 50x | .
137 feet; reduced from 920.000 for immediate I
sale. . ' EASTON, ELDKIDGE * CO.,
..---■V-: 1 638 Market st. j ]
BIG VALUE. • i :
MODERN RESIDENCE.
IN THE WESTERN ADDITION. -
&£finfl : SUBSTANTIAL WELL-bUILT 2- I ■
OOUUv, story house of 8 room* and bath; on i
Devlsadero st., near Halght; nicely decorated and ;
in first-class condition: well worth 98000; lot 'J6x ■
110 feet. •-.«■ EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
•■•:■•: - 638 Market st. ,
"PARK PANHANDLE FLATS. ;
X . ELEGANT AND MODERN, i
. - SACRIFICE PRICE.
S7PAA REDUCED FOR QUICK SALE; •
i^7 IuUU. cost 910,000: 2 handsome modern i
flats of 7 and 8 rooms and bath; only 4 yean Old: i
en Lyon st., near Oak: only $10u0 cash required:
lot 25x91:2 feet: look at this for a beautiful home . '
and a paying Investment. '
■ EASTON, ELDBIDGE _ CO., .
. . • 638 Market st.
ONLY $6000. ' 1 ■--••■<
U SUTTER-ST. CORNER, j
■A FORCED SALE.
NW. COR. ON SUTTKR ST.; LOT 42:5x87:6
feet; present Improvements a 10-room house; |
-an be converted into flats and stores: will pay :
Dig; street work all done; this is a snap. -
EASTOS, ELDKIDGE A CO.,
•■ 638 Market st. ■
M UaT BE SOLD
M. - J TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
PAYS BIG INCOME.
AOfiAft TWO FLAT-* of 4 ROOMS EACH,
«J)_UUW. In good condition, near Jones and I
Broadway; rents for $25 per month; reduced j
from «2750.
EASTON, ELDRIDGK A CO..
■ 638 Market st.
&OUU ' BALANCE SAME AS BENT.
A PRETTY HOME.
_» onnn a new modern COTTAGE, 6
<Jp OV/UU. rooms and bath and all latest conve-
niences: well built and sunny: one bloc* from
Castro-st. car line: key lot *25x105.
KA&TON, ELDidDGE A CO.,
' 638 Market st.
A PICKED LIST . OF LOT,
FOR BUILDING OR SPECULATION.
QH^^iifi bw. cor. JONES AND pacific:
tCOOuU. 60x62:4. _
djOPAA CHOICE LOT ON PRESIDIO
«J!OUUU. Heights; 50x127:8. - :
fI.QXnA ELLIS ST., NR. STEINER; 25x
OOOUU. 137:6.
wOfiftA PAGE ST., NR. FILIiMo'RE; 25x
J>.n-AA TWENTY- NR. TREAT
«7— I \J\J. aye.: »7:6xl00.
r ioo 42 LOTS IN O. L. BLOCK 1092.
COQnn FOISOM. KB. fourteenth-,
— OUU. 25x122:6.
QOn-A COR. SIXTH AYE. AND ST.;
JJi_v^OU. 3J:6x100.
C*l Ql\f\ TWENTY -SECOND &T., NEAR
OiOUU. Church; 60:11x114.
Cfl f\f\f\ FOURTH AYE., NR. CALIFOB-
OIvUU. ni » .; 25x120.
5.Q-A >OE ST., NB. 23D; 25x100.
.7- A TENTH AYE., NR. CALIFORNIA
O « Ov/. St.; 25x120.
ft in- TWENTIETH AYE., NR. POINT
tj-i— O. Lobos; 25x120.
Q9C;n X ST., NB. 29TH AYE.; 50x100.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE * CO.,
638 Market st.
INTSTO REAL ESTATE • : ™" ,
IN VECTORS AND HOME-M AKE"S. ,
You can make some money now bning land any-
where within an hour's ride of a great seaport city.
You can make more money buying in some lo-
calities than others.
You can make the most money if you select a .
place naturally situated for a town, located in the
direct line of up-to-date pub' and private im- I
provements, easily accessible by cheap and fre- i
quent railway and water transportation lines to I a
great commercial and manufacturing metropolis <
and other existing business centers, yet far enough
away from any 10 Insure of Its becoming a prosper- ;
ous, self-supporting and Independent community-.
FITCHBURG IS SO SITUATED
As to combine all these advantages and many j
others. It offers splendid inducementt to those :
about to start business of any discretion.
- For suburban homes it r Tals any of the thickly '
populated centers around the bay.
It is only 45 minutes from San Francisco and 2
minutes from Oakland by steam and electric cars,
which run from daylight until after midnight. ' - . -
Station on both lines. No lot more than three j
blocks from either railroad.
ELEGANT CHUBOii EDIFICE RECENTLY
COMPLETED.
GRADED SCHOOL ATTENDED BY 150 i
SCHOLAR&
- The streets are gravel*! and ornamented with ;
avenue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen groves.
Mark these improvements- -
NOTE THE ELEGIBLE LOCATION.
Consider :he social advantages sure to multiply
as the town grows, count the chances for profit on 1
your Investment la a prospoc.ivo business center I
as compared with the many isolated one-street
tracts now on tbe market,
• SHE FITCHBURG. ,' "
Invest judiciously and tne almighty dollars !
sure to come your way, will do the rest. Lots '
ready to bulia on, size 25 and 50 feet front by 100
to 200 feet deep.
PRICE ONLY $4 TO »10 PER FRONT FOOT. I
Terms: 10 per cent cash; balance in monthly
payments. '
THAI), s. FITCH. Fltchourg. San Leandro Read.
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery st,. S. F.
<_1 *>Zii\ COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS: BEKKE-
— -JU. ley: lot 50x100: near station: $300
down, $15 monthly.
$150— Lot 24x100: 95 down, $3 monthly.
, CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
SUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT: I
O $150 to 9^75 a room; parties contemplating
building invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
C MALL HOME*, 910 MO. UP; LOW PRICES;
— easy terms. MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
OR B ALK— IB4O ACRES" OF EXCELLENT
fruit and a falfa land In one body; suitable for
co!omzat.on: known as the Peter Clapp ranch;
3 miles east of Lathrop; 1 mile from school,
church and railroad; 10 miles from Stockton and
within sixty rods of tbe >tanisli-us and M»n Joa-
quin Company's Irrigation ditch, which runs par-
allel for two mil eB: 2 pood dwelling-houses, good
barns, sheds, fences, tanks and windmill-.; county
roads: terms reasonable, bave all commission by
applying to NOAH i LAPP. 6 Weber Point, Stock-
ton. Cat. - ... ■
TO LEASE FOR 1 YEAR FURNISHED
"X bouse of 8 rooms and bath and 20 acres of land
In Sonoma County; use of horse and cow. bee
owner, 1106 Fell st., afternoon. • • -
ny one wanting a ranch for
grazing purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay Is required,
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery st.
MARIN COUNTY— BOOO ACRKd 28 MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; 940 to $75 per
acre; terms to snlt. syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. : -
T ITTLE HOMES. CLOSK TO TOW.N, IM-
J.J proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City: every Monday at 633 Market s: . S. K.
SEND FUU OUR LI Si" U*' ORCHARD i±O . vlliS
iormal«L W<)<>->TV'K * WHITTnN. v.., .t/v»».
MONEY TO LOAN.
NY AMOUNT .ON BONDS, DIAMONDS^
watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and Instruments; Interest low: private entrance:
private rooms; discreet attendants, . at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye . ■
A DVA.NCJS3 ON DIAMONDS. WATCHES*
xjl Jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, 948 Market st.: open evenings. -
CO (\f\ (\f\f\ TO LOAN. CITY, AT 6%: ALSO
O XKJXJ .UUU Oakland, life Insurance, real es-
! tate in rrobate. small or i_rie sums. KHAINWALD
BUCKBKK & CO., 'JlB-J2O Montgomery st. '
ONKY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTKR-
*st per month for each 910U0; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance, coin, box 'i. Call.
OSKY LOAN — O. -O.N JJi\V'_LKV AND
ether valuables ■ at lbs . Security . Loan Office,
1 1106Mark«tst..nr. Mason: private entranc* 7 Tur«.
I vIKECT ON YOUK Jr'UKM'IUIU OK PIANO;
XJ no removal: no delays:-; no commissions: low
Interest 11 lira. 68. Donohu* bid?. 1170 Market st.
/ANY AMOUNT: IST. 'Ait or 3D MOKTUAUK4:
_jl estates, undivided interests, real estate tn _*O
bate. Jlct'OUiAX. "4 Montcomerr. room S.
Son Ann on improved real estate,
UU UUU sums not exceeding $1000. Call at
room 629*. Parroti Balldlns. ■ ■ - ■
:"IST_2D JIOKTIiAOKS: INTERKSTS IN K*J-
J.tates:lowest rates:no deIHr.MURPHY.62B MrkC
• A DVAKCKSO.V DIAMONDS JKVVKLUY, _TO
.ty Colombia Loon <^ i*o'li»t»ral omr»- 9 »;— tor •»■•»■
PAWNBROKERS.
AT 126 KEARNY ST.. ROOM "—MONEY
loaned. ' watches, < diamonds,' etc.; - low rates;
private rooms: elevator: riled gim for sale cheap.
' ' ' STORAGE. .
QTOBAGK— CHEAPEST IN THfi'ciT V ; FIR»
' 0 proof building; advances made. . 211 Larkln. .
T^UKNITURE. PIANOS^ TRUNKS: AD-
' vances. shipping. CHAd L. TAYLOK. 204 Pose
.-•; B. SMITH < FURNITURE CO., 133 ELLIsT
. low rates: ■ fire-proof bnlldlnc: K astern - plan.
PHYSICIANS.
rTc. "a o^doSTnell, i'iaoe "mabketTcorl
Golden Gate aye. : diseases of women a specialty.
ON'T FALL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market st. : his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatiaeat;
the worst cases treated satUf actortly by __t
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND RE At KSTATK.
297^0 WiL k BUY A MODERN HOUSE OF
liT*- I V\J S room< »nd bath; lot 50x1'25; good
ocation; sickness the cause of forced sale. HUGH
H. CAMhHOX. 479 Ninth at.. Oakland.
ft'/fi-^n "STORY; 6 Rooms; new or
su 1 — v/c»U. modern Improvements: lot 62x100:
rwenty-thirtl : st., near Twenty-tilth ' aye.. Kast
).ikiaud: terms to suit customer. A. H. BLOW. i
1010 Broadway, Oakland. .
Ss^OOO WK AUTHORIZED TO SELL,
iipUUUU. among other procerty, a tine 9-room
louse, ail modern and complete, with large corner
ot 45x103; N'E. cor. )■ itrhtt-emh and Castro sts.: '
his property Is worth $7t00: easy terms, all or !
tddreas A. M. BLOW. 1010 Broadway. Oakland.
it > l )^n 1F YOU "WISH A NEW 6- room j
»j~— . — OVJ. house, built to suit you. on a lot 40x
125, Grove St.. nr Russell, lor $2:250. call or ad-
Iress A. H. 8L.0%V, 1010 Broadway. Oakland.
CiQßfin WILL BUY A FISH 6-KOOM COT-
«ipOUUV/ tage. all modern, lot 50x100. ua Ninth
i:, nr. Castro, worth (4&00: most be soid to close
ia estate; easy terms. Call or address A. 11.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
fflj 1 1 "■4-BOOM~UOTTAdIs'; LOT 25x100:
«4TJ.Xv\J. worth $1700: must be sold to close
\n estate. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oak- i
and. :-.; ■ . - ■ .-.
(JKO^PLA A FINE 8-KO'^M RESIDENCE:
C "— . lot 25x100: Eleventh St., Dear Castro: 1
north 94000; must b- sold to close an estate; this I
Is a bargain; easy terms. Call or address A. H. :
BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oazlaod.
CO »JXri A FIXE MODKRN COTTAGE; ;
«JPXOUV». bath and high basement: Io:2axll4:
on Valdez st., near Park aye., Kan Oakland: $HO
cash, balance small monthly payments. A. H. >
BLOW. 1010 Broadway. Oakland. ■
STX LOTS AND ipwarTi-allkxdai.e
I O Tract, East Oakland, adjoining Fruitvcle,
the acknowledged garden spot of Oakland; grand
view and a choice site for a home: streets (traded '
and macadamized and the lots are in shape to build
on; a fine school with 'i elect lc roads near by;
terms $5 to $10 down, balance $5 monthly; con- !
veyance to and from the Tract tree of charge. 468 i
Ninth st., bet. Broadway and Washington. H. Z. :
JON ES. owner. _
(7JHEAPEBT A^TD BEST IX AMERICA— THB i
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to cny address In the :
United States or Canada one year for SI to, poet- i
age free. . ■■
OAKLAND FURNITURE OK SALE. i
"VAtlk AR" dYa JIONT)S*BT^A^fmSNTzi^^^ i
'» SCHF.LLH A AS. f arnltore-dealer. lith.Oa»ld'
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAJIKDA REAL, ESTATE.
■y : tMTK'^ ; jntMl-i~Ainrm7SsL -r u^——
Q9?inn PRETTY COTTAGE: SIX ROOMS
— cJUv/. and bath: close to Chestnuts- sta-
tion, N. G.; lot 40x140.
©QnAn handsome new cottage-, 6
O'JvUu. rooms and bath; near Mastic sta-
tion. N. G.
©9900 25 CASH; SP2O MONTHLY: 37:6
«t;_ — \J\J. frontage; handsome new colonial*
cottage; 5 rooms and bath.
.SJ97XA *25 CASH; $25 MONTHLY; 37:6
$*«£ I O\J. xlOO; N.W. corner; cottage. 5 rooms. .
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN LOTS.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
>> ARCU-K <* BEMMEL. Contractors and Home
Builders, Bay-sL station. Alameda, CaL Tel. 2.
Office open Sundays ana holidays.
(JIQ9-A 2-SrOKY. 7-ROOM HOUSii.. COT-
•J^O^OV. tatte, 6 rooms, large lot: former price
$4500: must be sold. T. F. BAIKD, 1303 Park
st., Alameda. |
OR BALE— UN ACCOUNT OF DEPASTURE. |
a modern 2-story dwelling; 11 rooms, bath, etc.: {
gronuas, 75x175: tarnished if desired. For par- j
ticulars apply on premises. 2241 Pacific aye., near |
Park st.. Alameda. A very tine new Stein way j
piano also for sale. -
»"" tl^ *t*.a».v k^al -bl'A'i.'-.
YEW MODERN 5-POOM COTTAGE, BATH,
i-' sewered, fenced, $851: new 4-room cottage, j
?650. F. BOEGLE, Go. den Gate station.
aye RENT— tl500: modern, new.
4-room cottage: 1 block from station: pay-
ments same as rent: 4U-fuot lot. ii. L. WUliTri,
opposite Dwlght way station. ■'■'■'
GOOD HUJItS FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
VJT on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO.. real estate
and* building. 2123 Center st.. Berkeley. {
oj-KPii J. Mason. kkaL kstate and i
insurant-*- ncent. Ker)c)»tt*\* »■.. .■ . adjoining hunk.
BERKELEY ROOMS AND BOARDING.
DEFINED COUPLE CAN ;FIND BO A D IN
XV elegant private residence In Ea*t, Berkeler;<
beautiful grounds; stable. Address C, Pemlta P. ■■ ;
P.. Berkeley.
PROFESSIONAL. CARD*.
FRANKSHaT, ATTORNKY-aT-LAW. ROOM
X 421. fourth floor. Perron, building (Emporium). I
\iriLl-!S DKKns. ETC. L. SONTaG. ATT'Y j
>> aud Notary, 116 Market: res.. 2126 Howard. ,
OHN E. i<ICHARDS. LAW OFFICES. ROOMS ;
tl 23 and 27, Crocker building; telephone Main '
75. San Francisco. Cal. '.
JOHN R. AITKKN AND MAURICE L. ASHER. ■
0 attys at law, rrus 516,5 18. 6th floor, Parrot, bldg.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ■
The following marriage ticenset were issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
W.W. Waters and Elizabeth A. Callachan,36— 32. ;
Karl Wurz and Margareta Maler. '-'B— •£ 1.
K. O. Jones »nd Jennie Pntnam. 24—25.
Carl A. >nndell and Ida J. K. Peterson, 36—36.
D. Molander and Hilda E. s* » e-ison, 2;—
William C-.ilin and Emma Uenlker, 48-83.
Joseph Simcich and Jennie Danover. 25—23.
i C. M. Farrell and Katherlne K. Kaeles. 18—
, TU_ DIVORCE RECORD.
Complaints filed:
Kleanor O'Keefe against Andrew O'Keefe.
Mary T. Giblln against John J. Giblin.
Divorces granted:
William Schneider from Mary M. Schne'der, for
desertion and Infidelity; by Judge Hebbarrt
Ernestine Bracket' from Frank O. Brackets for
extreme cruelty: by Judse Uebbard. Plaintiff re-
sumes tier maiden n»me of KrneMine Hackett.
: Bill 1 ii^-— _l AIUIIAG^-— DEAT-iS. ~
FBirtb, marriage and death notices sent by mail
I will not be in ern»d. They mvs .' be handed In at
j either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with tbe name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published.]
BORN.
BARTSCHER— In this city, July 22, 1896, to the
wife of Paul Bar.scher, a son.
HEFFERNAN— In this city. July 23, 1896. to the
I James F. Ueffernan, a daughter.
! WEBB-In East Oakland, July 15, 1896, to the
■ wife of George Webb, a daughter. -
MARRIED.
I BTERNAN— TURNER— In this city, July 25,
1896, by the Rev. W. C. Pond, Charles Sternan
and Laura Eatella Turner.
~~~ DIED.
Andrews. Ruth F. ' Mlnehan. Lizzie
' Blair, Joseph A.. Morcan. Join F.
. Burns, Peter J. Nottingham. Sarah
. Donohoo, Michael _> O'Brien. James J.
Doyle. Ann . r Owens, Thomas J. I
Fustlnl. Adolph * Patchett. Ansnsta E.
H union. Bernard Prose ho Id, Mrs. Dr. H.
Hennlg, Wiihelmlne ' Kourke, Thomas
Hfckman, Herva ' Ruck, Amos U. •
Hinckley, Howard A. Shackteton. John
Hoehna, Helena A. . Siegfried, Henry A.
Howard. Mar Smith. Anna C.
Lacke, Theodore H. Smvth, Francis D.
McCormlcit, H. 3. ' Sullivan, Ellen
! Malcolm. Anne . Tewhtll. Thomas H.
Martin. Edward L. ' Volkman, Louise
Martin. James ' •■: Wie«leb. Fred ■- '
Merkelback. U. J. W. Wise, Mary
ANDRE WS-In thlscltr. July 25. 1898. Ruth
Frances, beloved daughter of Geor»e W. and
' Fanny Andrews, a native of ban Francisco, aged
10 months and 15 days. :
■•■'; *3* Friends and , acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ■ ti:e funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday); at 2 o'clock P. _.. from the residence
'of her parents, 2440 Post street.. Interment
' Masonic cemetery.
BLAIR— In this city, July 27, 1896. Joseph Archi-
bald, only and beloved Infant son of Joseph and
! Annie Blair, a native of ban Francisco. CaL,
". aged 3 days. ' . ..
_ÜBNs— ln this city, July 27, 1896, Peter John,
Infant - son of Peter and Catherine Burns, a na-
. - tive of . San Francisco, aged 25 days. -
DONOHOO— In Oakland, July 26, 1696. Michael
1- : J. Donohoo, a native of Illinois, aged 57 years 4
. months and 28 days. -. ■ : '
DOYLE— In this city. July 25,1896 at b»r resi-
d ence. 3679 high teen street, near Dolores. Ann.
beloved wife of the late James Doyle,' and mother
of James Doyle and Mrs. Kdward F. Murphy,
a native of Ireland, aged 64 year- -■
- sarThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
-(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. x., from her late
residence, thence to Mission Dolores Church.
Sixteenth and Dolores streets, wnere a requiem
high mass wiil be celebrated for the repose of her
■ soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a." x. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. . , ■ .
FUSTINI— In this city, July 27. ' 1896. Adolph,
■;■ beloved son of Peter and Mary Fastlnl, a native
ot san Francisco, aged 8 years and 8 months. -
- ■-■■ XsT~Frl<»ncu and acquaintances ■ are - reio<*r-
fnUy Invited to attend th* funeral THIS DAY-
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock P. x., from the residence
of the parents, - northwest corner church v and
Twentieth streets." - Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ■ }.;. •:.;■■-; ■ •• - . -, ; . /. ■
HANLON-In this city, Jnly 26. 1 896. Bernard
' . Hanlon, a native or . Ireland, aged 72 years.
HENNIG— In this city, July : 27. 1898. '■- WUhel
• mine, beloved wife of . the late ■ Gottlieb Hennlg
and - mother of Gust Ottiile, Augusta, Julii
and Otto Hennie, and sister of John and William
Isert a native or Uermany, aged 51 years . b
months and 24 days. . " . " : : :L- v '
_S"Frien<ls ann acqnaintanci^ «r» t m *i>**.'-
fnily invittM to attend th» funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clocK p. m.. from her late
residence. 8 Vandewaier street, Between Powell
and Mason. Francisco and Bay streets, thence to
Red Men's Hall, 510 Bush street, where ' the
fuueral services will be held under the auspices
of Metamora s.amm No. 4, Daughters of Poca-
hontas, U. O. R. M., at 2 o'clock p. x. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
aiCKMAN— In this city, Ju'y 27, 1896, Herva,
beloved daughter of J. is. and Ella F. Hlckman,
a native of Foisom, CaL, aged 23 years 11
months and 12 days. . * .; ..'.". * . .-.;:• -
3INCKLEY— In this city, July 27, 1896. Howard
A., infant son of Mark F. and Merllla Hlnckley,
a native of san Francisco, aged 7 months end 25
days.
<9*Friends and acquaintances are rr<snect-
fnfly invited to attend th« funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at '2 o'clock p. m., from the
family residence, 3566 Twenty-second street,
near Chattanooga, Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery. ■ . : .
HOEHNA— In this city, July 25. 1896. Helene
Apellonla, beloved wife of Cnariea Hoeiina, and
mother of Mrs. Charles Gnnibe:. Adolph. Willie,
Louise, Helene. Marie and Bertha Hoehna. a na-
tive or Germany, aired 45 years 8 months and 25
days. a member of Teutonla Damen Verein.
- A3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral THt* iiAV
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. x.. from Teutonla Hall,
1322 Howard street, between Ninth and Tenth.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. •
HOWARD— In the City and County Hospital, July
27. 1898, Mar Howard, aged 23 years.
LUCRE— In this city, July 27. 1896. Theodore
Henry Lucke, beloved brother of B. H. Lucke
and Mrs. H. A. Malson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 81 years and 6 months.
*9"The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock P. x.. from the
residence or his sister, Mrs. H. A. Malson. 628
Green street, tbenoa to the Church of Notre
Dame, bush street, for services, commencing at
2 o'clock p. x. Interment private. Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. Please omit Bowers.
Mc< OKMICK— In Santa Clara County, July 24,
1896, H. J., husband of Mrs. lone McCormick
and father of Agnes and Harry McCormick, and
eldest son of the late S. J. McCormick, a native
Of Portland, Or., aged 42 years.
MALCOLM— In this city, Ju y 20, 1896, Anne Ma'-
colm. widow of William Malcolm. la:e of Echt.
Aberdeenshlre. Scotland, a?ed 84 year*.
FlO-Funeral services will be held THIS DAT
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. x.. at tne residence
of John Center, 2*2-5 Sixteenth street. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
MARTIN-In Ontario, Or., July 20, 1895. Edward
L. Martin, son of the late Edward Martin of San
Francisco. ■ . ■
JSS" Friends are respectfully Invited to at ten I
the funeral services THIS DAY (Tuesday), at
10 o'clock A. x., at IK. Mary's Cathedral, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. . ..
MARTIN — In the City and County Hospital. July
17, 1836, James Martin, used t>t> yean.
MERKELBACK-In this city, July 27. 1636.
Henry Joseph Warren, beloved son of William
Edward and Lucy Merkelbac'K. a native of Ban
Francisco, aged 3 months and 17 days.
MINEHAN-In thin city, July 27. 1893. Lizzie,
Deloved daughter of Thomas and Mary Mineban,
and sister of Timothy, Joseph. Frances, Thomas,
Maggie and John Mint-nan, a native of San Fran-
Cisco, aged 3 years and 9 months.
43"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO- MORROW
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock *. m., from the resi-
dence of the parents, 106 West Park street,
Holly Park. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
MORGAN— In Santa Barbara, Jnly 23, 1896, John
F. Morgan, beloved son of the late Jame* and
Margaret Morgan, - a native of San Francisco,
Cat., aged 26 years and 7 months.
aSj~Frlenas am acquaintance- •an miiv. 1 .-
-fnlly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. X., from his late resi-
dence. 1723 Turk street,. thence to Holy Cross
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing 'at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
NOTTINGHAM— In Oakland, July 26, 1896, Sarah
Nottingham, beloved wite of M. F. .Notting-
ham and beloved mother of Nora Schmidt and
Ralph Nottingham, and sister of Mrs. J. Beach,
Mr*. J. D. Stevens, Mrs. K. Bray. Mrs. A. A.
Tinker. Mrs. J. A. Houston and Daniel McLean,
a native of Nova Scoria, aged 42 years 11 months
and 2*i days.
jayFriend3 and acquaintances are re»o»-;'-
-fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
dence. ii-i Forty-fifth street. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city. July 26,1896. James J.
O'Brien, beloved husband ot Nellie O'Brien (nee
• Mattery), father of Eileen O'Brien, nephew of
J. B. Gorman, Mrs. Murphvand Mrs. Hornberg,
and son-in-law of James Mattery, a native of
Boston. Mass., a;ed SO years and 13 days.
A9~Friends and acqualntancei an w-d»::-
-fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9:3o. o'clock a. m.. from bis late
residence, 126 Lily avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. x. Interment > Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
OWEN!?— in this <-ltr. Jnly 26, 1896, Thomas J.,
beloved son of Patrick and Bridget Owens, a na-
tive of san Francisco, aged 20 years and 10 days.
_S"Frienai and acquaintance* " ar- r»*o»:.-
-, fnlly Invited to attend th» funeral THI3 DAY
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. _ from the resi-
dence of" his parents, Goiden Gate Park, thence
to St. Ames Church, where a solemn requiem
ma3s will be celebrated for he repose of his soul,
commencing at ~10 o'clock a. x. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PATCH In this city, July 27. 1896, August*
Emma, wife of Charles H. PachetU
tar Friends are Invited to attend the
funeral services TO-MORRoW (Wednesday), at
12 o'clock m., at the residence of Mr. Patchett's
mother, Mrs. W. H. Nash, 4121& Post street.
Interment private.
PHO-CHOLD- In this city, July 26, 1893, Mrs.
Dr. Henry Proschold, a native of Nevada City.
ROUP.KE-In this city, Jnly 26. 1896. Thomas
RourKe. a native of lrelan I, aged 79 years. -. :• ■
; RUGG— In Plnmas County, Cal.. July 24, 1898.
Amos U., beloved husband of Louise V. Rugs,
brother of W. B. Bus*, son-in-law of Mr. and
Mr*. J. H. Thomas, and brother-in-law of H. A.
Thomas and D. F. Oliver, a native of Canada,
axed 81 y->ars 6 months and 2 days.
_3~Friends ana acquaintances are resDect-
t fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock p. x.. from Brooklyn
' Presbyterian Church, corner Twelfth avenue
and Eau Fifteenth street. East Oakland. Serv-
ices at tbe cemetery- under the auspices of
Brooklyn Lodge N0.225, F. and A. M. Inter-
I ment private.
SHACKLETON— In this city. Ju'y 26. 1898. John
Khackleton, brother of William Rhackleton. a na-
tive of France, atreu 65 yean and 11 months.
CsTFriends and acquaintance* ar> rm:)«->-.-
-' fnlly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. x.. from the par-
lor* of James McMenoney A Son. 1057 Mission
street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
i SIEGFRIED— In the City and County. Hospital,
I July 37. 1896, Henry A. Siegfried ased 53 years.
| SMITH— In Oakland. July 25. I*3*. Anna C,
beloved daughter of W. and Sophie S-nlth, a na.
tlve of Oakland. ageJ 1 year and 2J days.
SMYTH— In thl* city. July '25, 1896, Franc's D.
Smyth, beloved husband ot Mary Smyth, and
father of Daniel. Joseph. Maggie and Mary
! Smyth, a native of County Cavau, Ireland, aged
i 19 vpars.
tgr Friends anl acquaintance* »i"» r^->»«v
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. x.. from hi* late
residence, 995 Church street, corner Twenty-
second. thence to St. James Church. Twenty-
' third and Guerrero streets, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrate I for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. x. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city, July 26. 1896, Ellen,
beloved wife of T. J. Sullivan, a native of Ire-
land.
aS^Frlendi anl acquaintance* nr" tMMf'
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAT
(Tuesday), at -.SO o'clock a. x , from her late
residence, 2438 California street, thence to st.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. . . .
TEW HILL— In this cltv, July 26. 1H93. Thomas
H., beloved husband of Katie Tewblll, father of
Thomas H. Tewhlll Jr.. son of John and Mary
TewhiU, arid brother of John J. Gaham, a native
of Springfield. Mass . aged 24 years 4 months and
6 days. jW'IWVI WU' IllllfiHil
J9TFriend3 and acqnalntanc-t »r« r<Mi*ct-
frl'y Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. x., from his late
residence, 1536 Turk street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.- ,
VOLKMAN— Entered into rest. July 27, 1896,
Louise, dearly beloved wife of Charles M. Volk-
man, a native of Kircbueim, Bheinpfalz, .Ba-
varia, aged 51 years. ' ' ."
<sT*No!ice of funeral hereafter.
WIEGLEB— In th<» City knd County Hospital,
" Julr 27, 181*8, Fred \Vieg ! eh. agtd S5 years.
WISE— in this city. July 26. 1898, Mary, beloved
wife of Peter Wise, and mother of Thomas F.
I and Peter J. Wt<e, a native or County Roscom •
rnon. Ireland, aged 54 years and 18 days.
43~Fnends and acquaintance* are ' res'SW-
fully invited to attend ihe funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m.. from hsr late
residence. 8317 Mission street, opposite Twenty-
I ninth, thence to St. Paul's Church, Twenty-
I ninth . and ; Church streets, where a solemn
; requiem mass will b* celebrated tor . the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. x.
Interment Holy Cro^s Cemsiery. ■ • -, _
"j IVicAVOY _ GALLAGHER, I
FUJTKRAL DIRECTORS k EMBALMERB,
; SO Fifth. St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080.
McMknomsy. Chas. McMenox-v.
JAMES BIcMESOMKT & SOX.
! UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALM
10&7 Mission -Street, Near Seventh.
j •■■■•-• - _ Telephone No. 3354. •■ :; ■
JAS. ENGLISH. O . T. R. CAREW
; CAREW & ENGLISH.
UNDERTAKERS AND EMB ALMER-i,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS, V v
19 Vau Ness aye.. near Market sL, San Francisco
• Telephone >o. 158. ~Jj9SSßfSfpi^f^*f(tt][ Xff'Dw^
i MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY; NEAREST CEME-
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; In no sens* ex-
, elusive: location - unexcelled. ■ Office 697 • Market
» street, southeast corner of Sixth, v:,- -•
1516
seven accused
supervisors;
Charged by the Grand Jury
With Official Corrup
tion.
LOWERED ASSESSMENTS.
Accused of Conspiring to Favor
Corporations and Defraud
the City.
A PETITION FOR REMOVAL.
Defendants Are King, Scully, B nja
min, Hughes, Dunker, Morgen
stern and Wagner.
The Grand Jury met at 2 o'clock yester
day afternoon. Of the nineteen members,
only two — Alpheus Bull Jr. and A. F.
Price — were absent. At 4 o'clock the jury
went into Judge Daingerfield's court and
the following members responded to the
rpllcall: Frank Ma-key (foreman), P.
McLennan (secretary), P. F. Butler, E. E.
THE SEVEN SUPERVISORS WHO HAVE BEEN PRESENTED BY THE GRAND JURY.
Chever, John F. Cline, Louis Feldmann,
C. L. Haskell, H. H. Hencke, John
Landers. C. S. Laumeister, Edward Mal
ley. Jacob Martenstein. P. McG. Mcßean,
C. O'Connor, J. J. O'Farrell, T. F. Payue
and G. H. Unibsen.
Replying to Judge Daingerfield, who
asked tne foreman if the jury had any re
port to make, Mr. Maskey said:
"We have an accusation in writing
which we wish to present to the District
Attorney."
District Attorney Barnes, then address
ing the court, saitl tl.it he desired it en
tered on the records oi the court that six
teen members uf the Grand Jury, through
the foreman, in open court, had petitioned
the District Attorney, and the District
Attorney had received the petition, to
present an accusation against seven Super
visors.
The record was made as requested by
the District Attorney.
The presentments are against Supervi
sors Joseph King, Peter Scully, C. E. Ben
jamin, E. C. Hughes. Chris Dunker, A. W.
Morgenstern and Edward L. Wagner, and
accuses each and all of them of willful
and corrupt misconduct in reducing the
assessments of the Spring Valley Water
"Works, Market-street Railway Company
and the San Francisco Gaslight Company,
and asks for the removal of these Super
visors from office.
The accusation is a voluminous docu
ment embracing 7000 words. It designates
the people of the State of California as
plaintiffs and the >even Supervisors whose
names are mentioned in the foregoing
paragraph as the defendants.
It is set forth in the accusation that
these Supervisors were duly elected to of
fice. The ward represented by each is
mentioned. The facts that the Assessor
was elected and that he assessed the prop
erty of these corporations and turned
over the assessment roll to the Board of
Supervisors at the time required by law
are contained in the document
The full and complete assessment of
each corporation as returned by the Asses
sor to the Board of Supervisors is set forth
in the accusation. It <s also stated that
the Supervisors were members of tne
Board of Equalization. Mention is made
in due legal form that the notice was pub
lished officially that the Supervisors
wouid sit as a Board of Equalization to
consider applications for equalizing as
sessments. The newspapers in which
these notices were published and the days
of publication are noted. It is further se
forth that the seven Supervisors named as
defendants constituted a quorum at cer
tain sessions of the Board of Equalization.
The accusation then alleges :
That it became and was the duty of said de
tMBBP 2S&S
8a ( \
I \ 1 COMFORTINGI
COMFORTING!
I For Tired, Aching, Irritated Feet is a B
■ warm bath with SOAP i
CUTICURA SOAP 1
I and a gentle anointing .with CUTI. 529
CURA (.ointment), the great skin cure. JB
: Wk This treatment altars Itching and lrrl- jBaB
Mg& tation, . Boothrs . Inflammation :'. and OB ■
884 painful swelling of the joints, soft- MSB ,
"' Iran ens hard, roughened skin, and purl- EMM :
j^k lies the perspiration. fcS
Wk. Sold throughout the world Pottm H
; gB^D^DKCO * Cuiu. Com., Prop § Be«ton.JgsjßJ
fendants, as members of said Board of Equaliza
tion of said City and County of San Francisco,
to meet on the first Monday of July, 1896. to
examine the assessment book and roll pre
pared by the Assessor of said City and County
to equalize the assessment of property.
It is further stated that the Supervisors
did meet to equalize assessments and that
the Snrine Valley Water Works made
written application for a reduction in the
assessment of its franchise for the fiscal
year 1896-97 from $2,500,000 to $1,500,000.
The accusation then, declares :
That the said defendants and each and all of
them, conspiring to delraud said City and
County of a portion of its revenue, and to aid
and assist said Spring Valley Water Works, a
corporation, in evading payment of its just
proportion of taxes, due and to become due
said City and county for the fiscal year
1896-97. and well knowing that any reduction
of the assessment of said franchise below
$2,500,000 was a reduction greatly below its
actual cash value, and on July 20, 1896, each
and all of them willfully, knowingly and cor
ruptly, and with intent to defraud said City
and County of a portion of its revenue, and
with the willful and corrupt intent to aid and
assist said Spring Valley Water Works, a cor
poration as aforesaid, in evading payment of
its just proportion of taxes due and to become
due eald City and County for said fiscal year,
then and there, each and all of them knowing
that any reduction in the assessment of said I
franchise below the sum of $2,500,000 was a
reduction greatly below its actual cash value,
did in their official positions as Supervisors of
said City and County, and as members of the
Board of Equalization, consent, counsel and
agree to the reduction of said assessment on
said franchise from $2,500,000 to $1,500,000,
and did in their said official capacities will
fully, knowingly and corruptly alter and
change, and cause to be altered and changed,
the assessment of said franchise of the Spring
Valley Water Works, so made up and verified
by the Assessor of the City and County, by
then and there changing and altering said
assessment of said Spring Valley Water Works
on said franchise from $2,500,000 to $1,500,
--000, and which said change and alteration was
by said defendants, acting as members of the
Board of Equalization of said City and County,
and being a majority thereof, at their said ses-
si on ordered to be recorded by the clerk of said
board in a book kept for that purpose, and said
assessment of said franchise of said Spring
Valley Water Works lowered by said defend
ants as aforesaid to the sum of $1,500,000, as
the full and actual cash value thereof, now
stands as the assessment of said franchise for
the purposes of taxation in said City and
County for the fiscal year 1896-97 upon the
books of said City and County.
Further accusing the defendants the
Grand Jury alleges that the assessment of
the Market-street Railway Company was
reduced from $2,500,0000 to 12,000,000. In
this count, as in the Spring Valley accu
sation, all the preliminary matter i* re
peated concerning the election of Super
visors, the election of the Assessor, the
assessment of property, the turning over
of the roll, the sittings of the Board of
Equalization, the application of the com
pany for reduction of the assessment of its
franchise, etc. The allegation is also made
that the seven defendants and each and
all of them "willfully, knowingly and cor
ruptly and with intent to defraud said
City and County of a portion of its rev
enue, and with the willful and corrupt
intent to aid and assist said Market-street
Railway Company in evading payment of
its just proportions of taxes due and to
become due, did, in their official positions
as Supervisors and as members of the
Board of Equalization, consent, counsel
and agree to the reduction of the assess
ment from ?2,500,000 to $2,000,000."
It is alleged further that the seven de
fendants, in reducing the assessment of
the San Francisco Gaslight Company from
$1,833, 170 to 11,000,000, did in their official
capacities corruptly and willfully change
the assessment by lowering it.
In the case of the gas company it is fur
ther set forth:
"That the defendants did in their official
capacities willfully, knowingly and cor
ruptly alter, change and cause to be al
tered and changed the assessment on the
improvements on pieces and parcels of
land in San Francisco, more particularly
known and described as block 341 of 100
--vara lots, subdivision 1, located at the
north corner of First and Howard streets,
from $35,000 to $15,000."
The concluding paragraph of the accusa
tion is in this form and language:
Wherefore said Grand Jury prays that said
defendants and each and all of them may be
adjudged guilty of willful and corrupt miscon
duct in office and that they may be each and
all removed from said office of Supervisor of
•aid City and County of San Francisco.
Frank Maskey,
Foreman of the Grand Jury of the City and
County of Ban Francisco.
It is understood that the members of the
Grand Jury agreed without hesitation to
the finding of the accusation.
The petition to remove the Supervisors
from office will be assigned to one of the
departments of the Superior Court. The
defendants will have ten days to answer
the accusation.
Regarding this form of proceedings
against the Supervisors District Attorney
Barnes advised with other eminent law
yers.
"This is the first I have heard of any
action on the part of the Grand Jury,"
said Supervisor Scully when seen at his
home late last night. "I came home this
afternoon as soon as the board adjourned
and heard nothing of the matter up to
that time.
'If the Grand Jury has instituted pro
ceedings I am perfectly willing to answer
any anci all questions if called into court.
The Grand Jury has a perfect right to de
mand an explanation if they think thines
are not all right, and lam perfectly will
ing to explain to them anything they
&BK*
"In regard to the reductions in the
assessments of the Spring Valley and
other corporations, I will say that if my
memory does not fail me, it was done
upon the advice of Mr. Siebe. As I re
member it, Mr. Benjamin proposed a
reduction of $1,000,000, and when Mr.
Huehea said he thonerht $500,000 would be
about right Assessor Siebe agreed that
that was about fair. If I had thought
there would nave been so much fun over
the matter, I would have stayed away
irom the meeting. lam thoroughly dis
gusied with the whole business.
"I don't like to accuse anybody, bnt it
seems to me that the Examiner, which is
carrying on the fight, is judging others by
itself. Although the Chronicle repeatedly
accused the Examiner of having received
$30,000 a year from the railroad, I do not
remember that the Examiner made any
refutation of the charge. It would seem
that they themselves receiving mdney
from the railroad were ready to charge
others with receiving money also."
Supervisor King, when asked late last
night if «,e wished to make any statement
in regard to the action of the Grand Jury,
responded curtly, "Nothing; nothing at
all."
An attempt was made to see Supervisor
Wagner at his residence on Green street,
but the Supervisor of the Twelfth was not
at home. Supervisors Dunker and Mor
genstern were also denied to interviewers.
"I have very little, if anything, to add
to what I have already said and what has
appeared in The Call," said Supervisor
Benjamin when seen last night at his
residence. "However," he continued, "I
might say that what I did I believed to be
jusi and equitable.
"I do not consider that property in the
possession of a corporation is of any more
value than if it was owned by a private
individual.
"I cannot for the life of me see why
property that was assessed last year at a
certain figure should have increased more
than twice in value since.
"I might mention one case of assess
ment, for instance. The plant of the
Examiner, which I have been informed
cost is only assessed at $50,000.
Why is thii? That "is a question that can
only be answered by the possessor and
the proprietor of that paper.
"Again, there is no franchise to be as
sessed on the electric light company or
telephone company. Now, the Geary
street franchise has been put up for sale,
and the amount offered for it is only $5000.
"Rolling-stock of railroads, like wagons
and buggies, does not increase in value as
years roll by.
"To be brief, I did nothing as a member
of the Board of Equalization but what I
conscientiously believed to be fair and just
as between the City and the parties as
sessed, whether they be individuals or
corporations, and I am not afraid of the
result. It is annoying to be brought into
court, even though there is nothing in the
charge."
The grand jurors were invited to attend
the mass-meeting in Metropolitan Temple
this evening, but they declined the invita
tion as a body. They will probably attend
in their individual capacities.
GOING TO SIBERIA.
Rasaell It. Dunn, Mining Expert, En-
gaged by a Syndicate of
Paris Bankers.
Russell L. Dunn, a well-known mining
expert, who lived for many years at Au
burn in this State, has been summoned by
a syndicate of bankers in Paris to make
an inspection of placer-mining districts on
the Amoor River in Siberia.
Mr. Dunn will leave to-f*<iy or to-,
morrow for New York and b; i for Havre
without delay. He will first go to Paris
to confer with the syndicate and then pro
ceed directly via Moscow and. Irkutsk to a
point in Siberia 2000 miles from the Pacific
Ocean.
The expert has no idea from whom his
recommendation emanated. He has con
tributed much information to the State
Mining Bureau, and it is well known that
the bureau publications have been sought
for by mining men throughout the world.
Mr. Dunn is not exactly informed how
near the railroad will take him to the
region of country to be explored. The
purpose is in his mind to make a com
plete circuit of the globe by crossing the
Pacific on his way home. "Russell Dunn
is a son of Horace D. Dunn ot this City.
9 « «
SOCIALIST MOVEMENTS.
Their Municipal Convention Will Be
Held on Next Sunday.
The Thirty-first Assembly District Club
of the Socialist Labor party met last even
ing and recommended H. J. Ford for the
Assembly. His name will be presented to
the Municipal Convention for indorse
ment. A. Farrar, M. Sparny and T.
Browning were appointed to canvass the
district and draw all sociaiists into the
club.
The socialists will hold their Municipal
convention on next Sunday at 115 Turk
street and it is expected that an entire
municipal ticket will be put in the field.
The arrest and conviction of M. Leites
for obstructing the streets has caused the
Socialists much annoyance. He was
speaking to an assemblage on Mason and
Market streets, a few minutes after a reli
gious gathering had dispersed, and was
gathered in by Officer Wilson. Yesterday
he was found guilty Dy Police Judge
Joachimsen, who, it is said, threatened to
put Leites under $200 bonds if he de
manded a jury trial. The Socialists will
take up the speaker's right and appeal the
case to the Superior Court.
Captain Tribble'» Trial.
The investigation of Captain Tribble of the
ferry-boat Sau Rafael was resumed before
Supervising Inspector Birmingham yesterday.
In all twelve witnesses were examined, much
of the evidence being in Captain Tribble's
favor. Captain White of the Tiburon wasposi
tive the San Rafael was off her course, a col
lision being only averted by him (White)
slowing up. The examination of witnesses
will be concluded to-morrow. It is not prob
able that Supervising Inspector Birmingham
will render a decision under ten days. Cap
tain Clark of the wrecked steamer Colombia
has been notified to appear at the Hullg and
Boilers office to-day at 2 o'clock for trial
The Helen Merriam Libeled.
R. A. Gilbride, Mary (iilbrlde, August Nord
ling and Deitrich Poll, owners of the schooner
Christina Steffins, commenced action in the
United States District Court yesterday against
the owner of the schooner Helen Merrlam to
recover $500 damages. It is alleged in the
complaint that while th* Christina Steffins
was en route from this port to Timber Cove
she was run into by the Merriam aud injured
to the extent named.
In the year 1856 there were only four
kinds of hyacinth — the single and the
double blue, the purple and the violet. At
the present time there are many thousands
of varieties.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 28, 1896.
.^-^ "_ "*- -,;,_„_;___-*-*-"- -•-'- -''" : ; Jl o_. -.-.. -7^^ .^^' J[2!?^ T ~ DRY GOODS- -^.-^-^-..^-^-.-->
LAST WEEKBEFORE STOCK-TAKING!
— -t«O^
OA J^e MARVELOUS AND CONSTANTLY INCREASING REDUCTIONS that have made our GREAT
SACRIFICE SALE so popular culminate in the ASTOUNDING CUTS IN PRICES made for this, the
tilii^c? 61 * befor t I °, C I l l"t akinBr ' as we have determined to spare no effort in closing out ALL BROKEN
LINES AND SURPLUS STOCK before that event.
Below are a few of the numerous bargains offered, a glance through which will emphasize the
importance of a prompt selection, as they are insured a rapid sale by the fact that they represent
THE GREATEST BOM-FIDE REDU(« EVER MADE ON STYLISH, SEASONABLE GOODS!
I ~~~ ■ a
COLORED DRESS GOODS !
At 15 Cents.
137 pieces 36-INCH FANCY MIXED
DRESS GOODS, worth 25c, will be
closed out at 15c a yard. •
At 20 Cents.
92 pieces 37-INCH ALL-WOOL CHEVIOT
DRESB GOODS, mixed effects, worth
50c, will be closed out at 20c a yard.
At 25 Cents.
88 pieces 37- INCH ENGLISH BRILLIAN-
TINES, in hairlines, figured and bro-
catelle effects, worth 65c, will be closed
out at 25c a yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
At 25 Cents.
35 pieces 37-INCH ALL PURE WOOL
FRENCH NOVELTIES reduced from
50c to 25c a yard.
At 35 Cents.
25 pieces 38-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH
MOHAIRS marked down from 60c to
35c a yard.
At 55 Cents.
25 pieces 50-INCH ALL PURE WOOL
FIGURED SCOTCH CHEVIOT,
marked down from 85c to 55c a yard.
SILKS! SILKS!
At $1.00 a Yard.
30 pieces BI.ACK BROCADED SILK, on
Satin and Gros-Grain grounds, lar?e,
handsome designs, regular value $1 50,
will be closed out at $i a yard.
At $1.50 a Yard.
20 pieces EXTRA HEAVY BLACK BRO-
CADED SATIN, medium and large
patterns, regular price $2 25, will be
closed out at $1 50 a yard.
yt lf Murphy Building, J I/if Murphy Building, j ULf Murphy Building, / Lflf Murphy Building, t j
Market art Jones Streets, s Market and Jodbs Streets. Martet and Jones Streets. I Martet ami Jones Stefc
RELICS OF THE
WHISKY TRUST.
Local Distillery Sites Will
Be Publicly Sold
To-Day.
M'NULTA IS IN TOWN.
Receiver for the Trust Makes
an Inspection of the
Property.
HE IS WINDING UP AFFAIRS.
Dissatisfaction Among the Stockhold
ers Led to the Collapse in the
Combine.
General John McNulta, the receiver of
the whisky trust, or as it is otherwise
known, the Distillery and Cattle Feeding
Company, is in the City, and his coming
means the closing out of the property of
the trust in tl^s City.
The general purpose for which the
General McNulta.
whisky trust was formed was the control
of the production of whisky north of the
Ohio River, but it was also considered ad
visable to get possession of and to destroy
the two distilleries existing in this City
when the trust came into being. The
trust went into the hands of the receiver
upon the petition of certain stockholders,
who alleged that there had been a great
diversion of the funds, the diversion, in
fact, amounting in total to about $2,000,000.
One allegation was that Greenhut.the pres
ident of the trust, had diverted the money
of the company to his own use. General
McNulta was appointed receiver by the
United States Circuit Court at Chicago.
Upon investigation it appeared that some
thing like $500,000 had gone to procure
favorable legislation to the trust in Western
States.
Nels Morris and Greenhut were the chief
organizers of. the great company. Their
LADIES' SfflßT WAISTS!
At 30 Cents.
200 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS,
laundered collar and cuffs, in fancy
checks and stripes, will be closed out
at 30c each.
At 60 Cents.
120 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
WAISTS, in black and white, navy and
red stripes, regular price $1, will be
closed out at 60c each.
At 75 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
WAISTS, in tan anci white stripes,
latest style, regular price $1 50, will be
closed out at 75c each.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
At 10 Cents.
150 dozen 36-oz. 84-needle FANCY MIXED
SOCKS, made of 2-thread staple do-
mestic yarn, knit with a s^-incn elas-
tic, ribbed top and strong white heels
and toes, regular price $1 80 a dozen,
will be closed out at 10c a pair.
At 25 Cents.
210 dozen Bryn-Mawr Hand-Made Stock
Shield Bows, Tect Scarfs, Adjustable
Bows and Graduated Four-in-Hand
Ties, regular price 50c, will be closed
out at 25c each.
At 50 Cents.
85 dozen French Imported; Patent Finish
Balbriggan UNDERSHIRTS AND
DRAWERS, regular price $150 a suit,
will be closed out at 50c a garment.
RIBBONS AIPARASOLS!
At 5 Cents.
3-INCH DOUBLE-FACED BATIN RIB-
BON, in dark colors, value 25c, will be
closed out at 5c a yard.
At 40 Cents.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in black only,
value 75c, will be closed out at 40c each.
plan was to get possession of all the dis
tilleries which could interfere with their
control over whisky production, paying
the holders by an issue of stock. The
stockholders naturally rebelled when their
dividends fell off, and then came the alle
gations concerning the diversion of moneys
which are alluded to in the foregoing.
All the corn-producing country of the
West made material for the manufac
ture of whisky. The trust controlled,
in addition to San Francisco, the distil
ling business in Minnesota, Wisconsin,
Michigan, Indiana and Illinois, this area j
embracing a lar^e number of distilleries.
The San Francisco distilleries were torn
down when they were acquired. Conse
quently, what General McNulta haß come
here to sell consists of the distillery sites,
of which one is at North Beach and the
other in South San Francisco. The sale
will take place to-day in the main en
trance to the Larkin-street wing of the
City Hall at 10 o'clock.
The North Beach property amounts in
total to about one an<i a third blocks, and
that in South San Francisco comprises
parts of three blocks. The sale will be
made under the order of the United States
Circuit Court for the Northern District of
Illinois. The property is situated upon
Lombard, Scott, Chestnut and Pierce
streets. Eighteenth and Nineteenth ave
nues and H street south, etc., the
southside property including the entire
fractional bloc* of 361 and a portion of
block 391.
General McNulta was seen yesterday at
the office of Nowlin & Fassett, who are the
San Francisco attorneys of the receiver.
He said that he came here solely to dis
pose of the trust's property under direc
tion of the Federal court. Yesterday he
made "n inspection of the property, riding
out with Mr. Nowlin to look it over.
General McNulta won his military title
during the Civil War. Prior to occupying
his present position as receiver he was the
receiver of the Wabash Railway system.
He will remain here two or three days,
long enough only to wind up the business
at this end of the line. Then he will pro
ceed directly East.
BURNED THE DEVIL.
Hit Satanic Majesty Cremated by the
Wong family.
The family of Wong, the most powerful
clan in China and by far the most influ
ential Chinese family in California, had a
holiday yesterday. It was their annual
burning of the devil and as he burned
every member of the Wong family was ex
pected to come forward and cast every
grudge and every ill-feeling he held
against a feliow-countryman into the
flames in the shape of a piece of paper
blessed by the priest.
Men were sent out »1! over Chinatown
and paper notices to his satanic majesty
weie burned in every street and alley in
the district.
The josshouse was then prepared and
the. good and evil spirits were seated side
by side. Finally the gods were brought
down into Brenham place. Water was
placed in front of them that they might
wash.
Food was then offered them, and wben
they appeared to have enough the "good
spirit" was taken back to the josshouse
and a bontire was made of the devil. In
spite of the burning of the devil the police
will keep an eye on certain members of
the Wong family, for fear they will forget
their vows and again mingle among the
agitators.
» ♦ — •
Threats to Kill.
Mrs. Helen Heggarty ana Mrs. Jane Drand
are neighbors on Tehama street, the former
living at 349 aud the latter at 351. Quarrels
have been frequent between the two families,
and yesterday Mrs. Heggarty swore to a com
plaint in Judge Joachimsen'i court charring
Mrs. Drand with threats to kill. Mn. Heg
HANIEJCHIEFS!
At 4 Cents Each.
600 dozen MISSES' WHITE LAWN
HEMSTITCHED AND REVERED
HANDKERCHIEFS, regular price $1
a dozen, will be closed oat at 4c each.
At 10 Cents Each.
360 dozen LADIES' SHEER WHITE
LAWN SCALLOPED EMBROIDER-
ED HANDKERCHIEFS, regular price
%'l 40 a dozen, will be closed out at 10c
each.
At 15 Cents Each.
240 dozen LADIES' SHEER WHITE
lawn scalloped embroid-
ered HANDKERCHIEFS, regular
price $3 a dozen, will be closed out at
15c each.
HOSIERfTIOSIESY!
At 25 Cents a Pair.
CHILDREN'S BLACK FRENCH LISLE-
THREAD HOSE, double knees, heels
and toes, warranted fast black, sizes
b]4 to 8, regular price 40c and 60c, re-
duced to 25c a pair.
At 25 Cents a Pair.
CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED BLACK
MACO COTTON HOSE, double knees,
heels and toes, Hermsdorf black, regu-
lar price 40c, will be closed out at 25c a
pair.
At 25 Cents a Pair.
LADIES' MACO COTTON HOSE, high-
spliced heels and toes, black and as-
sorted tan shades, also black with un-
bleached feet, worth 40c, will be closed
out at 25c a pair.
LADIES'TpLOYES!
At 55 Cents.
LADIES' 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, col-
ors tan and brown, also black, worth
regular $1, will be closed out at 55c a
pair.
At 65 Cents.
LADIES' 4-BDTTON KID GLOVES,
white, with black embroidered backs,
worth regular $1, will be closed out at
65c a pair.
garty declared that the language used by Mrs.
Drand was so bad that she could not repeat it.
» ■ ♦ *
To Quiet Title.
Jeremiah J. Sheehy, administrator of the
estate of Caroline Wallace, has sued William
Joseph Wallace, a son of the deceased, to quiet
title of piece of property on Lyon street. It
is claimed that the defendant signed his
mother's name to the deed conveying the
property to himself, and has since mortgaged
the lot for $3000. The mortgagees are made co
defendants in the suit.
» ♦ »
Police Life Insurance.
Mary L. Burges, widow of Policeman Nicho
las Burges, who died November 5, 1890, has
applied to the Supreme Court to have Alfred
Clark appointed guardian of her minor son,
iii order to be able to bring 6uit in the child's
behaif against the Police life and Health In
surance Fund.
• ♦ — «
Glad to Uet Home.
Otto Durbrow, the runaway boy mentioned
in several recent issues of The Call, returned
home yesterday, cured of his thirst for adven
ture. With "Blondy" Clifford and other boy
companions he had beaten his way as far as
Reno, New, when homesickness and privation
brought him to his senses.
Will Not Talk Politics.
The officials of the Merchants' Association,
in order to emphasize the fact that they are
not in politics for personal gain, have posted
the following in their office in the Mills build-
Ing:
"Notice — the discussion of questions pertain
ing to party politics or candidates for office is
strictly prohibited in these offices. Respect
fully, Merchants' Association."
«»< ■ r
Do not when heated, pour down a quan
tity of cold water to get cool. Pour it on
your wrists and then drink snarinzlv.
LEVIN BROS
Leading Grocers
Special For TUls weeß;
SPECIALS IS LIQUORS.
• Cutter's Kitra Bourbon Whisky.. 75c
Gordon & Dllworth's Blackberry Brandy... 7sc
Iceland Stanford Vina Brandy ; $1
Fletcher's Assortment of C0cktai15........ 90c
Cream Pure Rye Whisky (full quart)..*.. 81 18
French anil Italian Vermouth.' .......65c
PRESERVED TOMATOES.
."*._■ Prepared from Fresh Ripe Tomatoes, put
up In Kxtra Heavy Syrup :;.. jjsc
. Regular price 35c.
LOVERS OF GOOD COFFEE.
Our Celebrated : Mohammed Fancy Roast. .
HLu...: :...r..'.: r.......35c, 3 &>sl
- Regnlar price 40c.
OLIVE OIL.
our. Own Importation from Italy, Extra
Quality, gallon .^ ; ..... .i 6 .
Regular price ?2 25. '
IMPORTED BEER.
Our Own Importation from Wnrzbunrer
Aktien Braueret, Wnrzburg, Havern
quarts, dozen... »2
. Regular price $2 75. '."*"**""**
PITTED MAMMOTH OLIVES.
New Arrival of Extra Quality Pitted Mam-
moth OUves..y.. :. A .... Quarts 60c, Pints 35c
Regular price 60c and 90c.
Telephone South 398
Send For Monthly Price ■ List Free
Country orders promptly attended to. - -
.Freight paid by us when ■within ioo miles.
1324-1326 MARKET ST.
Opposite Odd Fellows' Hall
AND 134 SIXTH ST.
■ • - J. "AH FHANClacd.'
: COB." XOtk ANT 3 WASHINGTON STS. \ OAKLAND
1734-1736 SIVIHTH BTUIT /BRANCHES '
SPECIAL LINEN SALE!
FINE AND MEDIUM GOODS
AT LESS THIS IMPORTED COST.
BLEACHED HEAVY TABLE DAM-
ASK, closely woven, satin finish, CC«
reduced from 75c yard to »JJU
CREAM TABLE DAMASK, solid,
close weave, 60 inches wide, re- AC\r*
duced from 55c yard to". T"V/Lr
BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, pure
linen, Irish manufacture, AE^r*
from 6Oc yard t0...... "T«JLr
CREAM TABLE DAMASK, well made
and durable Irish manufacture,
pood line of designs, reduced OC
from 37^c a yard to ZOC
X BLEACHED NAPKINS (21 inches
square), pure linen, nice designs, dji .25
that were $1 60 dozen, reduced to H*l —
CHECK GLASS TOWELING, 18 inches
wide, Irish linen, assorted checks, ci rt
that were 10c yard, reduced t0.... O-lC
CLOAK DEPARTMENT!
At $1.90.
LADIES' CAPES, made of light tan cloth,
prettily braided, ruche neck, lined through-
out with light blue, worth $6, reduced to
$1 90 each.
At $2.50.
LADIES' CAPES, made of fine material, richly
embroidered or braided, all lined with silk,
ruche trimmings at neck; also black velvet,
with jet trimming, all lined, ribbon ruche
at neck, worth $7 50, reduced to $2 50
each.
At $3.90.
85 LADIES* SUITS, consisting of Double-
breasted Reefer and Skirt, made of blaclc
and navy Cheviot, skirt lined throughout,
■ : worth $7 50, will be closed oui at $3 90
each.
At $6.90.
LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Skirts and
Double-breasted Jackets, in black and navy
Cheviots, lined throughout and neatly fin-
ished, worth $10,' will be cleared out at
$6 90 each.
Look
At the Style
Ladies' Tan Lace and Button Boots, cloth
and leather, or all leather, needle tip, made
of Hauselt Flower City Kid, elaborately
trimmed and finished, retails at $4.
Factory Price $3.00.
Similar line, made of the celebrated Ne«
ville Kid, somewhat heavier, at $2.50.
Headquarters for the best Boys' and
Girls' Shoes.' Very reasonable prices-
Factory prices.
The Big Shoe Factory,
581-583 Market St.
Open Till 6:30 P. M. Saturdays Till 10.
THESDCCESS OF THE SEASOS
THE LADIES' GRILL BOOM
OK THIS
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET St
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT. <
BICYCLES BUILT TO ORDER.
Expert Cycle Repairing
FOR THE TRADE A SPECIALTY.
YOSEMITE CYCLE WORKS,
112 Golden Gate Aye., S. F.
H^'cers In Month! H^ir >^ 1^ ! *?}%, 2r®2i?fl
ffi|SL ,rr"™* tii for nroofa ot ceres. Cupl-t£
■Si l C sS > OoSo'o f . "worst cases cun* to XbM
Jto 35 day». 100-pago_^^Li-^— Ji
■*■■■■ a n * UJta i!T" , refreshl »f *■
■ 81 VtS fa lUr fril l lozenge,
I M 111 M El very agreeable to take.
" *? ■"■ "■ ■ CON STIPATIOM r
hemorrhoids, bile,
I II 111 P II ;ow of a PP?tite, gastric aa4
ImII S m M intestinal troubles and
I II II I la II headache arising
' from them.' • ■
A■%■ ■ - I AM £ - "KILLON, ' ■
:6BlLLoN.yaigafBsaag >
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD VH& DAMIASA BITTEK3, SO.*
great Mexican K«med/; v give* ; "fflltfc o*4
MtmicUt to tin ttcxwi Uzgao*