VOLUME LXXX.-XO. 99.
YOLO BANDITS KNOWN TO LEES
Plans for the Attempted
Hold-Up Laid in San
Francisco.
WENT FORTH TO BLAST
FOR GOLD.
A Sackful of Dynamite Found
Near Outlaw Morgan's
Body.
HIS CONFEDERATES STILL AT
LARGE.
B?lieved to Have Remained on the
Train and Been Carried Into
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.,. Sept. 6.— A1l
night long parties cf keen-eyed, vieilant
men scoured the street and byways of the
little town of "Washington, opposite Sacra
mento, in Yolo County, in the hope that
some trace might be found of the com
panions of the train-robber who met his
death at the I ands of brave Engineer
Ingles. All night long the huge wooden
railroad Dridge which spans the river at
this point was closely watched and the
local police force scoured thedrinuine
dens of the water front and dives of the
city, searching for some clew which might
lead to the capture and conviction of those
who made such a desperate attempt to
gain an entrance to the coffers of Wells,
Fargo & Co., but al: in vain, and as the
gray of early morning appeared across the
eastern sky a body of man-hunters, many
of whom had achieved more than a local
fame, gathered in t.e railroad depot pre
paratory to a start for the scene of last
night's attempted hold-up, from which
point a systematic search was to be insti
tuted.
The party consisted of Shenfi Johnson,
Detectives Al Gibson, William Ahem,
Enoch Dole, Frank Snook, Policeman
Talbot and a Call representative. All
we-e armed with messenger shotguns,
rifles or revolvers.
Shortly after the assembling of the
party an engine and one coach backed
into the depot. The party boarded it, the
engineer pulled the throttle and the little
special soon 1 was speeding along over tne
rails almost as fast as Engineer Ingles'
iron Corse .bad traversed it a few hours be
fore.
Running to within two miles of the spot
where the body of the dead robber had
been found.tne party left the train, which
pulled out for the Swingle switch, a mile
beyond the scene of the attempted hold
up, in order to leave the main line clear
for the passage of trains, and the search
began.
The men separated in pairs and paced
along the tract, slowly and carefully
scrutinizing every inch of the embank
ment on either side to locate tde spot
where the outlaws, who had supposedly
sprung from the rapidly njoving train on
the previous evening, had alighted. Even
the thick mass of willows and under
brush wnich lines the railroad for miles
was carefully searched in the hope that
some broken branch or twie might mark
the resting-place of a wounded man, for
it was a matter of certainty to the railroad
officials that no living being could have
jumped from a train going tifty miles at
hour without sustaining some injury, per
haps mortal, perhaps only to cripple and
make more desperate the man who sus
tained it.
The first piece of evidence obtained was
one of the masks of the robbers, which
had caught on and lay partially concealed
beneath a bunch of weeds beside the iron
track. This was found by The Call rep
resentative, who was walking in the lead
THE OUTLAW SLAIN BY INGLES.
Chief of D !e:tive Lees Identifies a Photograph of the Dead Man
as That of F. J. Morgan, a Frequenter of an East-Street
Saloon in San Francisco.
The San Francisco Call
of the party, in company with Detective
Gibson.
The mask was formci of a new red ban
dana handkerchief, with white stars on it
as large as a silver quarter. Two of the
ends were knotted together, so as to pass
around the top of the head, and holes were
cut in the fabric for the eyes, nose and
mouth.
This added zest to the search, and in the
next mile not a displaced stone or broken
twig but was investieated thoroughly by
the entire party. So other evidence was
obtained until on the broken masses of
uranite which riprap the path of the iron
horse through the great Yolo basin and
prevent the wash of the wind-driven waves
from displacing the road ballast were
fonnd the splashes of blood that marked
the spot where the body of the dead rob
ber was found.
Here the party again entered the train
and started back for the spot where the
mask was found. Passing this the train
moved slowly cityward, the platforms of
the car peopled by eager watchers.
While passing over a trestle a shout was
heard, and Detective Henry Alter pointed
to the dense grass below and signalea to
stop the train. This was done, and Alter
climbed down the woodwork and picked
np a ha!f of a barley sack containing
enough dynamite to have blown an entire
; trai-n to fragments. On either side of the
( sack a rope had been fastened, that it
■ could be slung over the shoulder for ease
!in carrying. That the package had been
! thrown off the rapidly moving train by
; the robbers when they found that their
j plan had miscarried was plainly evidenced
| by the fact that the heavy package had
j forced its way through the densely matted
■ grass for several inches from the spot
j where it had struck. That it did not ci-
I plode is cause for wonderment.
The dynamite had been carefully pre
pared in graduated packages, consisting of
. one-half stick, two-third stick, three
: fourths stick and one-sixth stick Darcels,
tied together with heavy tarred twine,
: with fuse and caps inserted ready for tir
! ing, showing plainly that it had been the
intention of tae robbers to blow open the
: c&r and sates.
Nothing more was found, and a few
: minutes later the party arrived in Sacra
mento.
It is known that the dead ontlaw's name
l was F. J. Morgan, and that he hailed from
: San Francisco. His body was found at
the spot where, according to Engineer
: Ingles, the outlaw had been shot and had
i fallen from tne cab. Shortly after the
; news of the attempted robbery reached
• the eft? a posse was organized and left for
j this spot on a special engine. Policeman
• Talbot took a position on the left side of
the engine and Detective Ahem on the
: ri-:ht.
The train was tearing along at a tre
mendous speed when Officer Taibot
shouted: " Here he is; slow up.
train was stopped, and the posse dis
mounted. The officers went back over the
track and found the dead robber, lying
face downward, on an immense piece of
j granite that had been placed there as pro
■ tection against the overflow of water. He
, gave his last gasp as Officer Talbot
reached his side. Grasped in the outlaw's
hand was a cocKed revolver, with ons
I chamber empty.
The bandit was about 35 years of age
i and a splendid specimen of physical man
! hood. He is nearly six feet tall and of
athletic build. He had a bountiful sup
ply of dark brown hair, cut pompadour,
i and his half-opened mouth, shaped ap
j parently into a laugh, displayed a splen-
I did set of teetn. He was well dres-ed, in
a substantial suit of gray tweed and a silk
handkerchief encircled the collar of his
negligee shirt. His underclothing, whiie
not of the extensive kind, was clean and
evidently new. He wore button s^.oes and
a black felt hat. In his pockets were
many articles, including a number of
i cartridges, a clean towel, a piece of soap
and a comb.
The most important discovery, how
ever, was a small and dainty memoran
dum book, with celluloid covers, in which
various entries bad been made. In the
book was a card of "Henry's saloon, 307
Ea-t str-.-et, San Francisco," and on the
Continued on Second Page.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 7, 1896.
when the Atlantic Express Reached Sacramento "With the News of the Attempted Hold-Up a Posse Started for the Scene on a Special
Train to Bring in the Body of the Outlaw Killed by Engineer Ingles* It Was Found Lying on Granite Blocks Which Protect
the Grade Against Washouts When the Water Rises in Yolo Basin. The Bandit Breathed His Last Just as the Searchers Came
Up. In His Right Hand He Still Clutched a Cocked Revolver.
McKINLEY HAS
A DAY OF REST,
Attends Divine Service and
Receives His Musical
Neighbors.
TELEGRAMS POURING IN
Oregon Promises to Place Herseil
in ihe Same Column as
Vermont.
FATIGUED BY HANDSHAKING
Tae Majo- Wil Vsit the Quiet Little
Town of Z ar for a
Few Days.
CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 6.— Major Mc-
Kinl?y attended communion service at
the Methodist Cnurch this morning, and
remained at home ail of the afternoon and
evening, forgoing his customary drive.
His near neighbors and some of his young
frieniis who have musical talent dropped
in early in the evening in an informal
manner and sang a number of hymns.
Ihe major is very fond of sacred music
when it is well rendered. Xliss Ruby of
London, a professional singer, and Mis-.
Mane Donavan, who has ju-<t returned
from a long course of study in Paris, con
tributed to the musical effect.
Mnjor McKiniey has received a large
number of telegrams to-day. They come
from all parts of the country, and indicate
great activity among Republicans and
McKiniey Democrats. One telegram an
nounces that i he Republicans of Dayton,
Ohio, desire to vis-it Canton on Saturday
next, and another reiates to the visit of
the Commercial Men's Democratic Mc-
Kiniey Club of Chicago. This organiza
tion, comprising lOuO commercial men
who have never voted any other than the
Democratic tiefcet, will be here on Satur
day. The club was organized six weeks
ago, and is growing daily. Its members
are all opposed to ;ree silver, ana believe
the election of McKiniey will restore con
fidence and Improve Business.
The following telegram was received
yesterday :
ROSEBURG, Ob., Sept s.— Hon. William Mr-
Kinky: McKiniey Club of Roseburg, Or., 400
strong, sends greetings. Will labor to rank
Oregon with Vermont.
L. Lacghaby, President.
Major McKiniey shook hands with more
THE FINDING OF OUTLAW MORGAN'S BODY.
than 5000 citizens of Pennsylvania yester
.na he is somewhat fatigued to-day
and more confirmed than ever in his in
tvntion to go to Zoar for a few days' rest
this week. He has been working very
.aid since his nomination, and from the
latter part of this week up to the very day
of the election he expects to be occupied
all the while and to have no time lor
recreation. Zjar is a quiet and quaint re
ligious community, where the people own
the property in common and are a law
unto themselves. There is a pleasant,
beautifully situated small hotel there,
which will be placed at the disposal of
Major McKiniey. The drive to Zoar is a
pleasant one, and is a little iess than
twenty miles. Major McKiniey said to
day that he wonld drive to Zoar. Mr 3.
McKiniey will go with him, and probably
C.ipiain and Mrs. Heiatand. Captain
Heistand i 3 an officer in the regular army,
who is devoted to Major McKiniey, and
who, at the lattcr's request, is act ng as
his confidential secretary during his leave
of absence. Major McKiniey does not ex
pect to remain longer than two or three
days in Zoar, as h( has to receive some
delegations the latter part of thi> week.
Delegations are coming in large num
bers from all parts of the country, and no
day goes by without bringing letters of
inquiry respecting dates for proposed
visits. Major McKinl y said to the corre
spoi.dent ol the United Associated Presses
to-day that he is always exceedingly glad
to have delegations come to Canton to
see him, but it would be more convenient
in many ways if it could be arranged to
have not more than two parties of visitors
arrive on the same day. Delegations
which contemplate coming to Canton
should try to arrange the time ot their
coming so as not to bring visitors from
too many places here on the same day.
This can be done by telegraphing to Can
ton and ascertaining wlsat dates are open.
Tuesday will be an interesting day here.
The editors of Ohio hold the annual met-t
-mg of ttieir a-sociauon in Canton. They
are to be addressed by Charles Emory
Smith and other newspaper editors.
They will also call upon Major McKiniey
and hp will make a speech to them. This
wi.i be toe third editorial association to
call on Mr. McKiniey since his nomina
tion. The others were the Michigan and
West Virginia associations.
Plot to Burn Havana.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Sept. 6.— Key
West advices state that great excitemen;
nas been caused there by the receipt of a
letter from Havana stating that the Span
ish authorities are plotting to have the
city burned.
Ihe story has aroused great indignation
and some hotheads have made threats
against the bpanitib Consul.
Auvices received in this city state that
L. S. Someiian, an American citizen, ar
rested several months ago as a Cuban
sympathizer, was convicted yesterday and
sentenced to the Isle of Pines for life".
->o Room for Armenian* in Russia.
LONDON. Exo., Sept 6 —The Times will
to-morrow pubhsn a dispatch from Odessa
saying that the Government Is taking
vigorous measures to prevent fugitiv- Ar
menians fr«>m entering Russia. No steam
ers touching at Russian ports are allowed
to laud refugees.
A MASQUERADE
IN MINNESOTA
Angry Citizens Upset the
Verdict of a Trial
Jury.
TWO TRAMPS LYNCHED.
Their Crime Was Most Atrc
cious and Their Punish
ment Swift.
DRAGGED FROM JAIL AT NIGET
Taken to a Rridge on the Outskirts
of Glencoe and Suspended by
the Nek.
GLENCOE, Mi**.. Sept. 3.— At twenty
minu'es after 1 o'clook this morning
Charles Cinquemars and Dorman Mus
grove, mur»i»-rers of Sheriff Rogers, were
handed to the railroad bridge, less than a
quarter of a mile out of town. One of the
men was hanged from the north side ot
the bridge and the other from the south
side. Tne deed was done by about 100
citizens of McLeod County, who thus ex
pre~s?d their disapproval of yesterday's
V'-rdirt sending one of the murderers to
Siate Prison for life instead of being sent
to the gallows.
The murder was one of the most cold
blooded in the annals of Minnesota.
Cinquemars and Mu^grove, two tramp
desperadoes, were traveling northward,
according to their own story, to the wheat
fields of North Dakota. A few miles below
Glencoe they accosted a farmer, took pos
session of bis team and drove into town.
On the way up they beat the farmer for
trying to handle his own team.
The farmer reported them to the officers
at Glencoe and a warrant was issued for
the arrest of the men, who by this time
bad disappeared. Rogers took the papers
himself and started in pursuit of the des
peradoes. Just at dusk on the evening of
June 28 he overtook the two men five
miles soutu of Glencoe. Ridine up to
them be said: "Boys, I want you to go
back to Glencoe with me."
"Well, we don't have to," said Mus
grove, as he brought a Winchester rifle to
his shoulder.
Before Sheriff Rogers could say another
word the tramp began firing on him and he
fell down, his body pierced with five bul
lets. Twenty -four hours later the two'
men were captured by a posse of 500 men
in a neij-hborin,; county and taken to
Glencoe. The jail was surrounded by
several hundred men and a lynching
would have occurred but for the prompt
; ction of Governor Clough, who sent out
a company of militia from St. Paul. The
prisoners were immediately taken to St.
Paul and put in jail there.
The trial of the two men for murder in
the first degree opened here about two
weeks ago, with W. W. Erwin for the de
fense. Erwin moved for separate trials,
and the case of Musgrove was taken up
first. The trial closed on Thursday and
at 1 o'clock Friday morninz the jury re
turned with a verdict of murder in the
second degree after being out eight hours.
This, together with the fact that Cinque
mars' trial would have to occur in an
o her county owing to the difficulty ol
securing a jury, incensed a large portion
of trie community, wiio are not backward
in expressing their commendation of the
action of the mob.
The mob consisted of about a hundred
masted men. They came quietly upon
the jail, overpowered the turnkey and the
guards and soon had the men. The guards
were tied and gagged ami did not know
which way the mob went, but it is evident
the murderers were taken directly to the
bridge in the eastern limits ot toe town.
The ropes were made secure to the railing
or crobsb-ams and the two were thrown
over, ons from one side of the Dridge and
the other from the opposite.
When the men wero discovered Cinque
mar's feet were touching the water, fifteen
feet below. The bodies were taken down
at an early hour this morning and are at
present in the city morgue awaiting the
action of the Coroner's jury to-monow.
THE PHILIPPINE REVOLT.
Rebels Hold Strong Positions and the
Troops Fear to Attack Without
Re-enforcements.
MADRID, Sept. 6 —An official dispatch
from Manila, capital of the Philippine
Islands, received here to-day states that
the rebels in Cavite continue to do much
damage in the island. The places which
have sustained the moat damage are
Ymus and Novelets. The disnatch fur
ther states that the positions occupied by
tiie rebels are strong;, and that it would be
imprudent for the Spanish troops to at
tack them until re-emorcements shall have
arrived.
Tue Spanish officials in the town of Ca
vite have discovered a plot on the part of
the rebels in tiie place to seize the town
vyhile the trooos were on a sortie againsi
the insurgents. A number of the sup
posed nngle ders have been arrested and
measures have been taken to protect the
town from enemies within it.
BLAMES THE ARMENJANA.
| The Forte'a Reply to the Collective Sote
of rhe Pouter*
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, Sept. 6.—
The Porte has replied to the collective
note from the embassies regarding the
Armenian question. The Government
throws all the blame for the»reoent rioting
upon the Armenians, whose misdeeds are
fuily recited. The embassies have de
clined to discuss the reply.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
PERISH AT
THEIR POST
Eleven Firemen Meet Death
in the Benton Harbor
Conflagration.
BURIED UNDER RED-HOT
BRICKS.
Heroic Attempts to Rescue the
Shrieking and Struggling
Victims.
SEVERAL OF THE DEAD LEAVE
FAMILIES.
Yore's Opera»House Totally Destroyed
and Two Companies Lose Their
Wardrobe.
BENTON HARBOR, Mich., Sept. &—
Yore's Opera-house and adjoining build
ings were burned this morning, causing
the death of eleven firemen and injury to
a number of others, and entailing a loss of
$65,000. The killed are:
Frank vVatson, married, of St. Joseph.
Edward H. Gange, married, of St. Jo
seph.
Arthur C. Hill, married, of St. Joseph.
Frank Seaver, married, of St. Joseph.
Robert Rolfe, single, of St. Joseph.
John Hoffman, married, of Benton Har
bor.
Tr.omas Kidd, single, of Benton Harbor.
Frank Woodley, married, of Benton
Harbor.
Will Matter, married, of Benton Har
bor.
Scott Rice of Benton Harbor.
Louis Hoffman, single, of Benton Har
bor.
The seriously injured are:
Ex-Fire-Chief John A. Crawford of Ben
ton Harbor, burned and overcome by heat
and smoke; seriously injured.
Frank Paget of St. Joseph, leg smashed
by falling brick?.
Will Freund of St. Joseph, cut about the
head and burned.
Jack MoCormick of Benton Harbor, legs
brolten and internally injured.
Several others were injured by tailing
walls, but will recover.
Shortly after midnight Yore's Opera
bouse, a large four-story brick structure,
was discovered to be on fire. It had gained
much headway before the alarm was given,
and when the four city departments ar
rived the building was a mass of flames.
The St. Joseph departments were sent
for and arrived soon after. The fire con
tinued to gain on them and was spreading
to other buildings, when the hook and
ladder companies went to the rear of the
building, hoping to be able to direct a
stream into t::e mass of flames from a
second-story window. Hardly had they
arrived there than the wall, with a mighty
crash, came down before them, burying
fifteen men under the red-hot bricks.
Other portions of the wall were weaken
ing, and the rescue of the imprisoned
firemen was deferred for some time, as it
was expected every moment the remain
der of the wall would fall.
Finally some of the crowd rushed into
the mass to rescue the shrieking and
struggling men. Frank Watson of St.
Joseph was the first man reached, but he
was dead, and his body was a mass of
broken bones and mangled flesh. The
search continued until 5 o'clock,* when
the last victim, Arthur Hill, was removed.
They were carried to offices and private
houses, where doctors irom both cities were
in waiting to render aid. Some of them
died en route, and others died while their
wounds were being cared for.
The dead were taken to the City Hall,
which was turned into a temporary
tcor ue. Some of the men were so badly
mangled that identification was possible
only by letters and papers in their pockets.
As the bleeding forms were carried through
the streets they were followed by throngs
of awe-stricken men and women, eager to
learn whether the victim was a friena or
relative. After the falling of the rear
wall, which took with it the lives of at
least eleven men, the roof and other walls
socn collapsed, one of the side walls fall
ing upon a two-story brick building owned
by William Fricfc and completely demol
ishing the structure and its contents of
shoes. , The fire had not been confined
alone to the opera-house, but had crept
MNH the alley, and soon the rear of the
two store buildings was a seething mass
of flames. These, however, were got
under control before they reached the
main part ot the buildings. The fire was
under control by 5 o'clock, and the search
for more bodies was bejun and continued
all day until to-night, when the firemen,
exhausted, gave up the search until to
morrow. The loss as far as can be ascer
tained is: Piiirick Yore, opera-house
blocfc, $50,000; insurance, $19,000.
The occuiunt3 of the several buildings
will lose several hundred dollars. The
origin of the fire is unknown, but Guy
Prescott, who stated to-day that he knew
how the fire started, but was not going to
give any one away, was arrested and will
be brought before the Coroner's jury.
The wardrobe of the Katie Putnam Com
pany, which gave a performance for the
benefit of the firemen last evening, was
also burned, as was the wardrobe of the
Mexican Troubadours, who are spending
their vacation here. Several of the dead
firemen leave large families. Their fun
erals will all be held together Tuesday
and will be under the auspices of the fire
men and fraternal societies of which the
deceased were members.
Democratic Lonaretaman Bolt*.
NE\V YORK, N. V., Sept 6.— Hon.
Franklin Bartlett, Democratic Represent
ative in Congress for the Seventh District
of New York, is out in an open letter to
Hon. Michael Murphy, repudiating the
Chicago platform and its candidates.2
POWERS COMBINE
AGAINST TURKEY,
The Ottoman Empire to Be
Reduced to a State of
Tutelage.
MASSACRES MUST STOP.
Greater Horrors Are Anticipated
Before Armed Intervention
Occurs.
MEETING OF THE IMPEEORS.
William Is Ostentatious in His Friend
ship, but Nicholas Keeps Him
at a Distance.
[Copyrlght,lß96,by the United Associated Presses]
BERLIN, Germany, Sent. 6.— The con
ferences which have taken place between
tbe Czar and the Emperor and their ac
companying Russian and German diplo
mats, which at first were alleged to be de
void of anything more important than
mere ceremonial conversations, are now
reported to have taken tbe charact r of
initiating a new concert of the powers,
which is to have a bearing of the utmost
importance upon future events in Turkey.
It i 3 not .known definitely who originated
the proposal, but it is, however, a matter
of positive knowledge in Berlin that
Prince Hohenlohe, the Imperial Chancel
lor, and Count yon Osten-Sacken, the
Russian Embassador to Germany, are dis
cussing a plan, the purpose of which is to
place :;ie Sultan under the tutelage of the
Embassadors of the powers in Constanti
nople, who will be empowered to control
the Sultan's selection of Ministers, and
also his appointments of provincial Gov
ernors.
The settlement of the tronbles in Crete
upon the basia of European supervision
seems to have been the keynote of this
scheme, which at least would maintain
the nominal integrity of Turkey, and for
a time enable the powers to escape being
dragged into a European war over the di
vision of the spoils of the Ottoman em
pire. Practically the foreign Embassadors
are already treating Turkey as a Govern
ment existing wholly upon sufferance, but
they do not take the responsibilities which
ought to be ai«iciated with the situation.
Only the bare proposals nave been heard
of outside of the circle which is formulat
ing the scheme, but tbe plan is doubtless
full of difficulties in the way of its work
ing smoothly. One thing, however, is
certain, and that is that both the entour
age of the Kaiser and that of the Czar are
convinced that they can no lonizer re^t
content upon mere diplomatic remon
strances to the Porte, and it is well under
stood tnat family influences upon the
Czar at Copenhagen and similar influ
ences upon the Kaiser at Balmoral have
become insistent beyond precedent in
favor of an effective stoppage of the hor
rors in Turkey; and these influences, it is
believed, may have been the most potent
of all in determining the two Emperors
upon the course which it is now proposed
to pursue.
Dip;omatic advices received from Con
stantinople are such as to cause well
grounded fears here tnat very much worse
things than have already occurred in Con
btantinople may happen in that city before
the Embassadors are able to arrange for
armed intsrvention to suppress disorders;
that the Sultan's palace clique, Jearning
that the Sultan's reign is about to cease,
may organize a massacre upon a very
much larger scale than heretofore, and
which will involve many other persons
than Armenians as its victims.
The reports that the British, French and
Italian warships in TurKish waters have
been re-en forced, while the German war-
Bhips have not, have excited a widespread
feeling of discontent. which is being freely
expressed in the newspapers regardless of
their political bias.
Despite the activity of other powers in
augmenting their naval strength in Turk
ish waters, the admiralty of Germany
has taken no steps to increase the strengt h
and number of tbe German war- vessels
there, but now, apparently goaded by the
utterances of the pres- into doing some- '
thing, they have ordered the training-ship I
Gneisenau to Smyrna and the gunboat j
Ersatz to replace" the old anl wornout
Lorelei on the Constantinople sta:ion.
These measures are extremely poor; in
deed, little better than none at all, if Ger
many is to figure in the intervention of
the powers in front of Constantinople.
The fetes at Breslau in honor of the Czar
and Czarina bear a close resemblance to
all of the preceding demonstrations of the
kind. Tha streets ot tbe town are
thronged with people, who cheer in sea
son and out and y.ersistently press upon
the long lines of troops who occupy the
borders of the streets to keep the crowd
from impeding the progress of the impe
rial visitors and the Kaiser and Kai->erin,
with their suites, as they pass.
The heat yesterday and to-day was in
tense, and served to increase the general
discomfort of the people. Hiah prices for
every conceivable thing for which there
The Sicfeful of Dynamite Thrown From the" Atlantic Express by-
Outlaw Morgan's Confederates.
was the slightest demand were the rule.
The grand old city was draped from end
to end and the main thoroughfares were
profusely decorated with every kind of
drapery, banner, etc,, that could be found
suitable to the occasion. Flags, festoons
of bunting and rough but striking pic
torial shields of Silesia and Germany,
paintings of the Kaiser and Czar and
rudely painted mottoes and expressions
of welcome were to be seen at every street
corner. Some of the decorations, how
ever, were very handsome and artistic.
The Municipal Council voted the sum of
100.000 marks for the purpose of providing
decorations, and those purchased under
these auspices were very fine.
As a whole, the decorations of Breslau
were far more elaborate man those seen
by the Russian imperial party in Vienna.
The thousands of visitors to Breslau, in
cluding the army of press representatives,
have reason to regret the limited accom
modations of the city.
The military and civil officials filled
what few small hotels there were avail
able and the visitors had to shift for them
selves as best they could. It was origin
ally intended that the Czar and Czarina
with their suits should occupy the royal
castle, but the Emperor's court marshal,
who was in charge of the arrangements,
found that the castle would be too small
to hold both ol the imperial visitors and
their attendants, so the new house of the
Silesian Landtag, in course of erection,
was hurriedly ordered to be completed
within the three weeks remaining prior to
the reception of the Czar. Accordingly a
force of 800 workmen were employed uight
and day in gettfug the building and its
approaches in a passable and tit condition,
and it was only on Friday, the day before
the Czar's arrival, that they ceased work.
A representative of the United Asso
ciated Presses, who was permitted to in
spect Die interior of the build* ng on Fri
day, found a dominant sense of newness
everywhere, and the raw ortors ot new
wood, paint, etc., pervaded the place.
Still the imperial apartments were
gorgeous with tapestries, pictures, etc.,
which had been transferred to the buiki
ing from tne royal palaces of Prussia and
presented a beautiful spectacle. The
grand reception-room wiiica waa con
structed within the central hall was
adorned with statuary and tropical plants.
In this hall the Czar and Czarina held a
reception Saturday evening, receiving the
Kaiser, tne Kaiserin and the Silesian
noble.<, and here also the Russian visitors
gave a luncheon to-day (Sunday), at which
the Kaiser and Kaiserin and a select num
ber of members of the official circle were
present.
The nature of the friendship of the two
Emperors as cemented by the meeting of
tiie mouarchs in Breslau is shown by the
fact thai the Kaiser will go to Darmstadt
on October 8, wnen the Czar and Czarina
are there. Upon that occasion there will
be a family conclave and several impoitant
functions will be held, functions that will
I be very elaborate, for Darmstadt at least.
j The imperial parties will stay at the
Residenz cchloss.
During their visit to Darmstadt the
Czar, the Emperor and the Grand Duke of
Hesse will go on a hunting trip on October
10 to Jagdschloss and Wolfsgarten. From
| tne latter place they will return to Jagd
| schioss for another day's hunting and then
they will go to Rociroed in the Upper
Hesse for tiie same purpose. The Czarina
will remain with tne Grand Duchess of
Hesse, her sister-in-law, for ten days while
her husband is absent on his hunting trip.
The Czarina during her stay with the
Grand Duchess will as a rule remain quiet,
but her visit will be varied with gala per
| formances eiven in her honor at the
Darmstadt Opera-house and visits to the
local institutions, including the Princess
Alice Frauen Verein. The tour of the
Czar will conclude with his visit to Darm
.stadt, and it is quite probable that France
may notLke the prospect of her great ally
i spending a fortnight in close relations
' with her most watctiul foe almost imme
diately after his reception in Paris.
The row between Herr Liebknecht and
the editorial staff of the Vorwaerts is still
unsettled, and as a result of the trouble
the Socialist Congress which is to be held
at Sieblichen, near Gotha, on October 11,
is likely to be the scene of some lively
personal encounters.
Prince Eitel Frederick, tne second son
of the Emperor, who is pursuing his
studies at the Ploen College, was thrown
from his horse a few days ago and received
a kick in the leg which has obliged the
youngster to remain in bed ever since.
It is reported that General yon Hahnke,
the chief of the Kaiser's military cabinet,
will succeed General yon Loe to the com
mand of the Brandenburg Corps and the
Governorship of Berlin. The appointment
has not yet been officially announced, but
it is an official fact, proving lialmke'.-s
jio ition as a favorite of the Emperor, that
he has been appointed chief of the Twelfth
Regiment of infantry.
Ihe congress of the Austrian Catholics
jusi held a: Salzburg was notable for the
presence of Count Thun, who in his capa
city of Governor, expressed the wish that
the programme oi the congress might be
carried out. This programme included a
declaration in lavor of the restoration of
the temporal nower of the Holy See, and
the Austrian Liberals are in a rage at the
action of Count Thun, believing that a
rapprochement of the Government with
the clerical coalition will become a ques
tion before the lieichsratb at the opening
of the session of that body early in
October.
The field church service, which was in
tended to be iield at Breslau this morning,
was abandoned both on account of the
heavy rain and because the Czar was
latigued as the result of yesterday's func
tions. The lew words spoken by the
Czar in responding to the Emperor's
toast at the banquet last evening are re
carded in official circles as having been
lacking in wamtb, and as a purely perfunc
tory recognition of the traditional senti
ments exis;ing between the imperial
bouses of Germany and Russia.
The lact, too, that he replied in the
French language instead of the German,
with wuicti he is as familiar as the Kaiser
himself, is construed by the officials as
bavin- been intended as a check to Ger
many's aims at closer relations with
Russia.
Last evening sixty cases of fractured
limbs were treated at the hospital on the
Grandau Parade promd and In the Red
Cross stations as a result of the crush of
spectators to witness tbe parade.
On Friday night over 100 oimiliar cases
were treated in the various hospitals in
the city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1596.
WHISKY DEALS IN
SOUTH CAROLINA
How State Officials Fatten
Under the Dispensary
System.
GOVERNOR EVANS TALKS
Forced by Political Exigencies
to Expose Some of His
Friends.
REBATES FROM LARGE FIRMS.
Concealed Crookedness That Will
Probably Cost His Excellency a
Seat in tbe Snate.
COLUMBUS, 8. C, Sept. 6.— One of the
biggest State scandals that has occurred
since the days of negro rule in South Car
olina was sprung last night by Governor
Evans. If his statement is correct the
dispensary system seems to have been a
gold mine to those in charge of it.
Governor Evans, it teems, has been in
possession of the information he has given
for a long time. It was entirely unex
pected, and it appears that the Governor's
exposure was due to the fact that he had
been goaded for not denying a charge
made on the stump in his campaign for
the Senate that he had said that Tillman
had lined his pockets with liquor rebates.
Tbis thing had acted so strongly upon the
former friends of Evans and Tillman that
defeat threatened the former in the race
for the Senate.
The election comes off Friday. Evans
held off until 1 o'clock this morning, when
he came out with a denial of the state
ment. He explains that he held back the
denial upon bad advice, and then pro
ceeds to make his revelations. Commis
sioner Mixson and the Commissioner's
son, an official court stenographer, are the
objects of his ire. The Governor asserts
that presents were sent Mixson by whisky
houses and that Mixs >n's son bad also ac
cepted valuable presents. He had called
Mixson up, he says, when it was first dis
covered, and warned him that the dispen
sary would be killed if any scandal was
ever connected with its management.
Then he says:
"Shortly afterwards Mr. Scruggs, the
bookkeeper, reported to me that from let
ters he had received and opened In Mix
son's absence in the course of business and
other suspicious circumstances he was
satisfied that Mixson was dealing with
certain whisky houses exclusively and
was obtaining rebates in consideration
thereof. I replied to him that he was a
State officer as well as Mixson and Toinp
kins, and that if he saw anything going
wrong it was his duty to inform me and
to secure the evidence to convict them.
Mr. Scrupgs reported to m* that he was
satisfied that he could secure the evidence
to convict thes.- men if I would allow him
to leave the State. X replied to htm that
he could go whenever and wherever he
pleased on such a mission."
After telling of his discovery that Mix
son was paying higher prices to one house
than other bouses offered the goods, he
proceeds to tell of a visit of Mixson's son to
Cincinnati, where he was entertained by
whisky people, and adds:
"I may have ma<le a mistake in not
giving this expose sooner, but I have been
deceived by these people and badly ad
vised by my friends, who assured me that
the public took no stock in their state
ments. 1 may be criticised for not reply
ing sooner, but I have injured no one
save myself. It is with reluctance that I
do this now, because 1 know how it will be
used by the enemies of the dispensary law
and the reform movement.
•'But in justice to ray friend*, who re
quested it, and the public, I make this
statement. The parties connected with
this matter are not interested in this
primary, but have another tribunal to
which they can and must appeal."
To-night Commissioner Mixson and his
son make statements. The latter ac
knowledges that he collected for his
brother $740 50 in wiiisky rebates from t..e
Live Oak Distillins Company, but that
their father knew nothing of it.
Colonel Mixson, in his card, accuses tbe
Governor's brother of a disposition to
enter into the business of which his son is
accused and declares that several of the
Governor's statements are false.
YOLO BAN DITS
KNOWN TO LEES
Oontinued from Flrtt Page.
back of this was written, "F. J. Morgan,
one typewriter, Yost No. 2, paid $25." In
the book were several entries of money
paid on the typewriter, all signed "F. J.
M.," and this gave rise to the belief that
the name of the dead man was F. J. Mor
gan, which is now proved beyond a doubt.
While a critical examination was being
made of the body and the effects, a soft
whistle sounded from the darkness.
The officers sprang to their feet and or
dered the person sounding the summons
to approach. A roughly dressed man en
tered the circle of light given by the few
flickering lamps. He was decidedly agi
tated, and at once stated that he had
taken part in the hold-up. His story was
a most interesting one.
"My name is Edward Burke, be said.
"I have been working for a man named Ui
stine, at Dixon, my employment being
bucking sacks. When we got through my
partner and I started for Sacramento, in
search of another job. We had just crossed
the new trestle to-night when I Baw two
men sitting along the railroad track.
When we came near them I said: 'Hello,
partners,' and was going along when they
arose, oue armed with a rifle and the
other a pistol. One of the men wore a
mask, and he asked:
" 'Wliat have you there?'
" "Only our blanket?,' I replied.
" 'Throw them down the embankment,'
he shouted.
"We did as requested, as their guns
were leveled at us, and the men then told
us what was wanted. They said they pro
posed to hold up a traiii, soon to pass, and
that if we did not assist they would kill us.
" 'if you do as we say it will oe all right
with you, and if you don't it will be
wrong,' said one of tt>e men.
"I was then asked if I knew how to un
couple cars. I said that I could pull a pin
in a freight train, but that was all. The
man douuted my word, but explained how
to uncouple passenger-cars, describing the
airbrakes, hooks and levers. Then one of
the men took me to one side of the track,
and my partner and the other man re
mained on the opposite side. Presently
the train approached, and one of the men
said:
\ *.' 'I wonder if he has fixed things all
right? 1 and an instant later he exclaimed:
'Yes; It's all right.'
."I think that there must have been a
signal from somebody on the train, for my
man said to me, 'Now, go ahead and do
as you were told.' I went back to the ex
press-car and tried to uncouple the fasten
ings, but the lever would not work. My
partner tried to help me, but it was no go.
Then the shooting commenced, and I said
to my partner, .'Shall we jump?' and he
said 'Yes,' and we plunged into the tules
and underbrush.
"After the train pulled out I called for
my partner, but he did not answer; sol
ran to the section-house, toward Davis
ville. I told them what had happened,
and informed the conductor of a train that
had been nagged that there was a dead
man down the track, but little attention
was paid to my statements."
The result of this morning's search has
been to assure the railroad detectives that
the robbers, after finding their plans ren
dered abortive, threw away all incrimi
nating evidence, and knowing that the
train running at the speed it was must be
too close to the city for any attempt at re
venge on Engineer Ingles they passed over
the tops of the coaches to one of the rear
platforms, entered a coach unperceived,
seated themselves and quietly rode into
the city and disappeared. It is known
that the identity of the two men is in the
possession of the railroad officials and it
is likely their capture will shortly be ef
fected. This knowledge was obtained by
tracing the movements of the dead man
from the transportation ticket found on
his body, which proved that he had left
San Francisco on the morning of the rob
bery.
That Morgan has been at different times
in this city is also known, as he has been
identified by several of the numerous visi
tors to the morgue as a man they saw in
various drinking resorts.
♦
OUTLAN'S MORGAN TIPENEITER.
Its Connection With the Cn*e Puzzle*
Chief of Detective* Zee*.
The dead train robber was positively
identified last night by Captain Lees as
F. J. Morgan, who formerly frequented
a saloon on East street, near Market.
About noon yesterday Superintendent
John Wright of the Sacramento division
telephoned Captain Lees that the robber
had memoranda on nis person which
made it appear that his name was Morgan
and that be baa been a frequent visitor at
the East-street saloon. Detectives Wrenn
and Uib-on were detailed on the case.
Tney found a typewriter in a rear room
on which was a card bearing Morgan's
name.
The saloon man said that Morgan had
left the machine there himself. He told a
story in substance as follow: "Morgan
first visited the saloon two years ago.
Sometimes be would go away for two or
three days, saying he was going into the
country. Five days a^o he went to the
saloon with a stout man about 35 years of
age and 5 feet 10 inche- in heigdt. Th
stranger wore dark clothes, had a dark
mustache and was of adecidelv dark com
plexion.
"They left together at 4:30 p. m. and
Morgan said they were f;oing to Stockton
on the boat. Before leaving Morgan took
a small bundle wrapped in paper which
he had left there two days before. Mor
gan always carried a large pistol.
"He also iiad a second companion, a
young feilow not more than 20 years of
age, with a smooth face. This youth was
about 5 !eet 9 inches tall, and always ap
peared the best dressed of the trio. On
the day that Morgan and his elder part
ner went away the young feilow wore a
li^ht tweed suit and a black Derby hat.
He was last seen with Morgan two days
before the latter left town. The three
were never seen together at once."
The police believe that the whole plot
to rob the train beyond Sacramento had
been hatched in this City by this trio, and
that they left five days since by different
routes. This was for the purpose of avoid
ing suspicion.
Captain Lets would like to have the
mystery of the type-writing machine ex
plained. Mcrgau used to take the ma
chine away for a short time and then
bring it back to the saloon. He got it
three months ago on the installment plan
from a local agent. But what he did with
it is still a question.
The detectives will now lend their ef
forts toward identifying the two com
panions of Morgan, as upon that identifi
cation much depends in the hunt for the
escaped highwaymen, who are now sup
posed to be at larce in the Sacramento
Valley or the foothills.
Tne police have no record whatever of
Morgan other than the story told by the
water-front saloon-keepers. Morgan went
almost daily to Oakland, but the object of
these trips across the bay could not be
learned. He was extremely reticent and
but little inclined to speak about any
thing to strangers, much less about him
self. He was last seen in San Francisco
on Tuesday.
ENGINEER EDWARD F. INGLES, Who* Bravery Prevented the
Robbc.y cf Overland No. 3. • •
CATTLE THIEVES
OF SANTA CLARA
Four Suspects Captured and
Incarcerated at San
Jose.
ENDS A LONG SEARCH.
The Captives Believed to Have
Participated in Raids
Months Ago.
STOLE FKOM MAMY KANGES.
One of the Arrested Men Accused of
Paying Wedding Expenses
by Thievery.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Kept. 6.— A round-up
of alleged cattle thieves lias been made by
local officers, and four out of about nine
that have been much sought for in the
past eight months are locked up in the
County Jail. The alleged offenders were
encaged in a big job last December and
were successful in eluding arrest until yes
terday.
On the 20th of last December F. Brad
ford missed thirty-two fine cattle from his
range about twelve miles southeast of this
city, near the Monterey road. There were
several hundred cattle on the range at the
time and Bradford would not have de
tected the loss] of a portion of his stock
if he bad not missed from among them
two very fine Holstein heifers which he
had purchased a short time before from R.
J. Langford. The owner was very proud
of this pair and when he noted their
absence from the herd he ordered a round
up and discovered that the two heifers and
thirty more of the choicest among his
cattle were gone. At about the same time
K. J. Langford missed two cows from his
range, and from C. Fisher's herd on a
range near by five had disappeared. All
of the cattle missed were the finest stock
in the several herds, as though they had
been picked out by an expert cattle dealer
to supply a fastidious trader.
The loss of the stock was reported to the
officers, but no trace could be found for
several months either of the thieves or the
missing cattle. The indications at the
time made it certain that the job was a
bold one. The cattle were evidently
driven out of Bradford's rield through a
big >;ate onto tt.e Monterey road, which
was, in fact, the only means of egress.
The work was, of course, done at night.
Vaeue reports v/ere received of a herd
of cattle that was driven toward San Jose
after night, but if it bad been a phantom
herd the information could not have been
more indefinite. Developments several
months subsequent to the discovery of the
loss of the cattle made it certain that they
were driven 10 this city and disposed of
here and at Santa Clara. Most of the
stock was in fine condition for beef, and
as good beef was in demand at that time,
shortly before Christmas, they were un
doubtedly slaughtered and sold at the va
rious shops in this city. This was the
reason that no trace of hide or hair of
them could be obtained by the officers.
Five fine milch cows were not slaugh
tered, however, and it was their discovery
and identification that first gave a clew to
the supposed thieves. Two of the cows
were sold to W. A. Phipps, who owns a
dairy on the Polhemus tract, and three
were sold to a dairyman near Santa Clara.
These cows were identified by R. J. Lang
ford, who had himself sold several of them
to Bradford shortly before they were
stolen. From the date they were sold it
was certain that the cattle must have been
run off the range about December 12-
It was learned that Francisco Vedal was
the man who had sold the cattle. Of
course, Vedal was then suapected of being
connected with the theft, and a search for
him was begun. It was known that his
Home was in !*an Luis Obispo County, and
he had not been in San Jose for more than
a year before the theft of the cattle. Dur
ing that time he wooed and won a Mexi
can maid named Miss Gavilan, who re
sided with her parents on Whitton street
in East San Jo*e.
The marriage of Vedal and Miss Gavilan
took place on Christmas, shortly after the
successful cattle raid, and afterward, when
the connection of the groom with the deal
was discovered, it was supposed by officers
that Vedal had devoted some of the pro
ceeds of the sale to the expenses of merry
making at the wedding. It i 3 also said
that some very choice roast beef was
among th© delicacies at the marriage
feast.
Vedal did not remain in San Jose long
after his marriage. He purchased a two
horse team and wagon and he and his wife
began to travel leisurely toward his home
in San Luis Obispo County. Alonz the
road Vedal changed his name at various
points, and when the officers finally got
on bis track it was hard to trace him. He
would atay at one place for several weeks
and sometimes for a month at a time, do»
ing odd . jobs of work and making deals in
horses and cattle. Finally, a few days
ago, he reached a point on the Santa Mar
garita ranch about fifteen miles from his
home in San juiis Obispo County. There
Sheriff Mai hews got trace of Vedal through
the descriptions of him and information
sent by Sheriff Lyndon.
The fact that Vedal had a youn» wife
with him helped the officers in the search,
and he and his brother, Ed Vedal, were
arrested. on Friday by Sheriff Mathews.
They were turned over to Sheriff Lyndon
in this city last evening and locked up in
the County Jail.
After his arrival in San Jose Vedal was
identified at the County Jail by R. J.
Langford, who knew him when he was in
San Jose. Vedal was much changed in
appearance, as he had shaved nis mus
tache and cut his hair in a different style,
but he was easily identified. He denied
that he had stolen the cattle, or even
knew that they were stolen. He claimed
that be bought the stock from a man who,
he supposed, was the owner.
Shortly after the Vedals were locked up
another man, who is supposed to be a
member of the gang, was arrested. He
gave his name as George Davis.
This evening Deputy Sheriff Gardner
returned from San Francisco with a fourth
prisoner, who is believed to be the leader
of the gang. He gave his name as John
Blank, but he was known as Gilbert when
he lived in Santa Clara County several
years ago. Francisco Vedal claims that
he bought the cattle from Slank. The
brother of Francisco Vedal, who was ar
rested, says his true name is Sanoyia
Vedal. He claims that he is entirely in
nocent of the theft. The Vedals say they
will give bail and secure their release when
they are arraigned upon the charge in the
Justice's court to-morrow.
The officers are searching for five other
men, believed to have belonged to the
gang.
SALINAS PIGEON SHOOT,
Marksmen of Four Cities Meet
in Competition at the
Butts.
First Honors Won by the Home Team,
WitlnGilroy Second— A Spanish
Barbecue.
SALINAS. Cal., Sept. a— Fully 3000
people attended the pigeon shoot to-day
at Torro Shooting Park. The meet was
under the auspices of the Salinas City Rod
and Gun Club. Four clubs participated,
Watsonville, Gilroy, Mouterey and Sa
linas, each having ten men.
The Watsonville and Gilroy teams ar
rived at 11:20 o'clock, and the Monterey
club a little later. The captains immedi
ately chose the men to represent them,
and lots were drawn to determine which
team would shoot first. A sweepstake
shoot waa the first event of the day. Sali
nas won the rim round, Monterey the
second and Gilroy the third.
An old-fashioned Spanish barbecue was
spread under the trees adjacent to the
shotting park at noon, and not only
cooked beef but all kinds of Spanish
dishes were served to the hungry shooters
and their friends.
It was nearly 2 o'clock before the regu
lar events began. The final score gave
Salinas first prize, with 183 bluerocks, Gil
roy second, Monterey third and Watsou
viile fourth. The highest individnai score
was made by George White, who broke 20
out of a possible 25 birds. James JefTery
was a close second, with 19 to his credit.
LI AT NIAGARA FALLS,
He Marvels at the Wonders of
the Electric Power
Plant.
Touches a Dynamo With His Cane
and Narrowly Escapes Serious
Injury.
NIAGARA FALLS, N. V., Sept. 6.— Li
Hunt; Chang and party arrived in this city
at 11:45 o'clock this morning, accompanied
by the United States army officers who are
escorting the party about the country.
They came direct from Washington in "a
handsomely appointed Pullman vest ibuled
train of seven coaches.
About 3:30 o'clock the start was made to
see the falls. The rain had ceased and the
sun was shining brightly. Tliousands of
people hlled the hotel corridors, verandas
and the street outside. The falls reached,
the Viceroy watched them for a short
time, his face bearing a curious expression.
He turned to his interpreter and addressed
him. The latter said: "His Excellency
is very much delighted and greatly im
pressed."
Next the party were driven to the pow
er-house of the Cataract Construction
Company, where they saw the monster
5000-horsepower dynamos running by the
energy of the Niagara River.
Li spoke through his interpreter in glow
ing terms of American enterprise, and
said the sight was the most interesting he
had seen on his travels. He inquired the
cost of the work and the revenue and
other things. The party then returned to
the hotel.
The interpreter said Li marveled much
at the American railways, saying mey
were the greatest he had ever seen.
Asked if Li would, udo:i his return to
China, have the English engineers who
are building a railroad in that country
adopt the American system, he said he
certainly would. This important an
nouncement was received with much en
thusiasm by the many prominent men in
hearing distance.
At the powerhouse Li held out his cane
toward one of the rapidly revolving dy
namos and it was hit by a projection an>i
knocked out of his hand like a flash. He
was startled but snid nothing. He canw
near being badly injured by the occurrence!
The party remai-i in this city to-niirut
Give
The nerves proper nourishment by feed-
ing them upon rich, red blood, by taking
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The Best—ln fact The One True Blood Pnrffler. i
Hood's Pill« do not t>ur pain or !
11UUU &nilb sripe< All druggists. 25c.
and will cross the river at 8 o'clock to
morrow mornine.
Bryan'* <Juir> Sabbath.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Sept. 6. — Mr. 1 fc
Bryan spent a quiet day at the residence '
of E. C. Wall, Democratic committeeman
from Wisconsin. In the morning he at
tended service with Mrs. Wall at Em
manuel Presbyterian Cnurch. He wilj
leave Milwaukee at 7:15 o'clock to-mor
j row morning on the Northwestern and
reao Chicago at 9:30 o'ctock.
NEW TO-DAT.
Erfoush to make a man tear his halr-the mis-
representations of fakirs.
The self-styled "tailors," the cheap
clothiers and the alleged "wholesalers" (?)
have at last dug their own graves. The
buying public Save found them out, and
they have found that there are firms who
are square. What's advertised in the
papers and what's sold in the stores are
two different things.
We sell what we advertise. This week
the best $1O Suits and Overcoats ever
shown west of the Rockies. Thousands of
others at all prices. Our Suits are exclu-
sive and unique — none like them else-
where.
Mail orders never go astray with as.
LAME BACK,
Weak Kidneys, Lum-
bago, Rheumatism
and Sciatica are
Cured by
Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt.
A Strong Current of Electricity Is Fel
by the Wearer .Every Moment This
Belt Is on the Body. It Can l!n ltogQ.
lat.-cl by a New Patent Regulator, so
as to Make It as Strong or Mild as
You Want It.
fTIHE DULL. ACHING, TIRED FEEL-
-'-ing that comes after standing long on
the feet, the sharp, pains which shoot
along the spine, and the weakness in the
loins are evidences of relaxed, weak
muscles, which can be contracted and
vigorous strength given them by
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
It conveys a steady, soothing current of
electricity into the weakened muscles, giv-
ing them a healthy nerve power, which
revives them. It makes them strong. It
is curing hundreds every month.
See what, this man says:
Let People Know. •
SAX FRANCISCO. May 5. 189tt.
DR. A. T. SANDEN : ' '
Dear Sir— l want you to let people know
■what your Belt nas done for me. When I
bought it last December I was troubled with a
continual pain in the bnck and sometimes ex-
tending up to the shoulder blades. I had been
troubled for years and had tried everything in
the line of doctors and advertised remedies
without relief. I was also very constipated
ana ha i to take laxatives every day. 1 finally
made up my mind to try one of your Belts and
lam glad I did go. In about three weeks after
putting the Bell on all the pain had gone, and
I have felt none «ince. My back is now strong
and will stand all the I rain 1 can put on it
without hurting. My bowels are as regular as
clockwork, and I have gained ten pounds in
weight. I shall always speak well of your
Belt, for it has done for me what nothing els*
could do. I think it la the best thing ever in-
vented for the cure of weakness and disease.
Yours truly, HEXRY STRICKER,
1911 Dupont street, San Francisco.
It Cures Lame Back
In from two to eight weeks. If you suffei
try it. It will save you many doctors'
bills. Book, with full information, free.
Address or call
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 Market Street. San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. OlHca hours; a a. *. \m
8:80 P. M.- Sunday 10 to 1. ,
Consultation Free and Invited.
OFFICES AT:
LOS ANGELES, CAL., I PORTLAND, OR,
£01 South Broadway. | 253 Washington strata,
COSMOPOIiITAIM.
Opposite V. S. Mint, 100 and "102 Fifth su. San
Francisco, C'ai. — most select famllv hotel la
the city. Board and room 91, 91 23 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Rooms 60
and 75c a limy. Free coach to and from the hotel.
Loo* for the coach bearing the name of the Cos-
mopolitan Hotel. \val t'AiIKV, Proprietor.
P 3
%«^^*NlAßkETS.T.S.r^£a^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD TJSB UAMIAN A BXTTJitW. £*■*
great Mexican K«niodjr; «mv<m J&oaiUi **»TIBURON GUESTS
FEAST ON CLAMS
Bivalve Mollusks Baked
and Fed to an Army
of Visitors.
THOUSANDS ARE SERVED
Four Special Boats Needed to
Convey the SaD Francisco
Crowds.
SPORTS ON LAND AND WATEE.
Petaluma's Strong Men Beaten in the
Tug-of- War— Life Savers Give
an Exhibition.
TIBURON. Cal., Sept. 6.— More than
5000 people attended the clambake to-day.
The affair was a gastronomic success
Ev6ry one had all he wanted to eat and
thoroughly enjoyed what he got. The
balloon did not co up, but the people did
not care about looking into the heavens.
Tue baking pits sufficed.
George Crowell, who supervised the baK
ing of the c'.ams and the preparing of the
chicken and corn, displayed an art seldom
excelled in his particular line. Something
over 200 bucketfuls of clams were served,
besides 2000 heads of corn, 1500 pieces of
chicken wrapped in cheese cloth a-ia-ta
male form, and 200- loaves of bread were
buttered.
■±"he railroad company ran four extra
boats from San Francisco and one extra
train from San Rafael. The Sausaiito
band, consisting of fifteen pieces, under
Leader Cramer, began playing at 11
o'clock. Simultaneously Thomas Mitch
ell, assisted by fourteen men, commenced
the distribution of the edibles. By 2
o'clock the pits were emptied and every
body was thoroughly satisfied. Tooth
picks were then at a premium and the
remainder of the afternoon was devoted
to retrospection and to witnessing the
games.
The tug-of-war prize of ?15 was contested
(or by the Tiburon and Petaluma teams,
eaca consisting of nine men. After a pro
longed strain of twenty minutes the battle
was won by the Tiburons.
The teams were manned as follows:
Tiburons — Captain W. Fmlayson (anchor
man), Robert McQueen, Ed Creighton,
William Barry, Juaeph Emeral, James
McQuade, Charles, Madderson, Dinny
Luzy, Joe Powers; Petalumas — Captain
Harry Unna, John Gurnoy, Joe Hahir,
Tom Curry, Joe Dutra, George Fern,
Denny Burns, Emmanuel Dutra.
One of the most interesting and thrill
ing features ot the festivities was the ex
hioition drill of the he-saving crew of
Jiburon. George Perris and \V. Goody
rode out in a smail boat, and when some
hundred yards from shore were over
turned into the water.
The lifeboat wen: quickly to their as
sistance ana brought them safely to
shore. The boat was manned by George
Bonner (captain), J. E. Amarel, J. de
Wolfe, J. McQuade, J. T. Creighton and
C. Kriem er. 4
The boatrace did not take place.
The officers having charge of the good
time were: Jerry O'Connell, president;
Thomas Mitchell, secretary; N. R. Han
son, treasurer; George Crowell. caterer;
Joseph Amarel. boatracing; William Fin
layson. games and tug-of-war; Harry
Unna and Gus Schiller, masters of cere
monies; "Jack"' Maher, marshal of the
day. Sheriff Harrison with his constables
was also present to see that perfect order
was maintained.
S TURMS IN THE NIERRA.
Thunder, Liohininrj and Bain Cause an
£.jcndua of Campers.
SUMMIT, Cal., Sept. 6. — One of the
fiercest storms, in years has prevailed in
this vicinity during the past two days.
Considering the season, its coming was
remarkable. Rain has fallen in torrents
at ciose interval?, followed by a most
beautiful electrical display. The moun
tains, as far as the eye could see, have
been lighted up, the deep canyons re
sembling seas of fire, while the thunder
echoes were enough to frighten the
bravest. A telegraph operator at Cascade
was this afternoon knocked from his chair
t.nd severely burned by lisrhtnine striking
a switchboard, which rebounded, striking
him full in the face.
Old mountaineers prognosticate an early
and severe winter. Sam Jacous, a veteran
Western Union lineman, who has made
this place his home for more than a score
of years, said to-day: "1 knoj? this moun
tain as well as any living man, and if
snow is not piled mountains high before
the new year then I am willing to take a
back seat as a weather prophet. This
lightning and thunder mean something,
and that something is a genuine Sierra
winter."
The scattering which the storm caused
among tourists camped hereabouts was
genera!. Rain soaked through canvas
tents, drenching the inmates, baggage,
provisions and all. Those who were ex
periencing their first pleasures of moun
tain life were frightened almost to death
by the electrical display.
PACIFIC GROTE'S ASSEMBLY.
Jieli'jious Session H*ld by the Itinerant*!
1 tub Students.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., Sept. 6.— The
Itinerants' Club held what it called a re
ligious session to-day, the students dcliv -
ering short addresses during the after
noon, and the entire club discussing the
main points after e%ch speech or lecture.
In the morning they listened to an able
sermon by the Rev. Dr. F. F. Jewell in th ■
Methodist Church. His argument was
directed to the club, and particularly the
members of the graduating class, who
would enter the California Conference on
Wednesday morning as regular members
of that general uodv. He gave them some
good and clear ideas of what work they
would be called unon to do and what was
expected of them during this session.
Rev. A- H. Nudana, secretary of the
club, preached this evening.
DEATH AT PLACERFILLE.
Sudden raising of Capitalist George
A Urn of Suttrr Creek.
PLACERVILLE, Gal., Sept ft— George
Allen of Butter Creek, who came to Plac
erviile Tuesday to take the degree of
Kuijjht Templar, was attacked by a chili
on the way. He was very ill on arrival
here, and he died from pneumonia this
morning. His tody was taken to his
home, accompanied by his widow ana son
and Sutter Creek friends. A large dele
gation of local Masons will depart to-mor
row to attend the funeral.
Alien was .1 large landowner of Aruador,
Sacramento and El Dorado counties, a
cattle king and enpaeed in many other
business ventures. He was known as th«
wealthiest man in Amador County, gam
ing his riches by indomitable perseverance
from a small beginning. He was fifty-live
years old.
■— y ft ti 4 Green tags have come again.
%/ 4~\ t( tf 71 I You will receive f ern with open arms. It's a yearly
Jl II LI 1 1 event with us, this Green Tag Sale of ours. It's hailed
-*•••*•' with delight by most people, for they remember last
year's Green Tag Sale during the month of September.
1 I-^ ¥ J It was town talk ; for months after we heard our cus-
-1 I r~^l i^ IT tomers talking about it.
a ilxb^^^E. ieU With a progressive house like ours we try to im-
prove each year. This sale you will find even greater
than last year's, and you * remember how great last
year's Green Tag Sale was.
To explain to many people that may not 'under-
stand the meaning of Green Tags, or why we select
-m T 411 Green Tags, we will state that every September we hold
\/ /"\il + ' 1 I a big sale, the beginning of the Fall and Winter sea-
A %J fLJI Jt Ji. sons, when our stock is brand new, when all the new
styles are in, when the stock is the largest. We select a
S— Green Tag in order to separate these goods from the
fy± gry^ It others. The prices on these Green Tags are so ridicu-
bTj%Z>%Z I !L lously low that it has left in the minds of the many
vz*T*s&f * that participated in last year's Green Tag Sale only
pleasant memories.
Therefore, we select again this year a Green Tag.
yjy A Green Tag in many instances means half price
under our already unusually low prices.
Wherever you find a Green Tag don't hesitate, but
*\T 911 buy at once If s a bargain plum. Those Green Tags
V/ £*% "j I §1 will dangle throughout our many departments Mon-
JL %Jr (UJL & m day. Last year we were compelled to keep the Green
Tag Sale up for two weeks.
IT •1! w a Owing to the severe cuts that we have made we have
1 llf {** §i~ concluded to hold this Green Tag Sale for a short time
\ ft n%<y^l> JL L only. Quantities to each customer will be limited so as
to insure a proper distribution of these goods among our
customers. Storekeepers will be barred from partici-
£3^ pating in this sale.
*X* \ In this Green Tag Sale you will find only our very
highest grade of goods.
||P^^«f=^|||j Green Tags
r(nf/ vjDI l~v t
I*ls*^fi H^fr&SM To-day from, some of the pret-
'jfv' ! ticst Fall and Winter fashions
N^=S P^ i tV^- ' '*•'"'* >"' : '®| ' in Men's Suits that we have ever
US tgt ** i'^i 4^-"' 1 M shown. The colorings are all
j j*3pc l|P^i:Vi '■:' V '^ '* W> new, the tailoring of the gar-
-1 'K-' *^H *n^^'i!^?. ■ ■"[l^i ments perfection.
iifii'^ L "'-^-'• :^ > ' : jE*' i I The garments are made in the
feil JrS^'v^' ,W\ Single-Breasted Sack style and
lift ■ '"^A/TW m ie Double- Breasted Sack style.
rll^Wr-^ Wi B There's quite a lot of pretty
}jl'ipv7Mvr*~^ > IrilP W* plaids to select from ; those very
' 'Pil^lßl P Ullil ira fashionable and swell plaids;
P if: < I L t \^s'.4fl' 'M some remarkably clever mix-
flll'J^ /v JH^^lH tores in Tweeds, a real large
Mlpi v^ y~- — fl assortment of high-class gar-
L'lii'pi 1 1 - k lifiiilil^-J v merits ; garments that you are at
z^^MJ ■ I',1 ', ik j^^^^^^^ i any time Trilling to pay from
— p^^l ni h|k\lip§£^ 10 to $12 for. These are the
* sa A^ v garments that we have Green
Green Tags ■ ¥ <Q^il
Mean a Heap. »p>^yj wfiijpf
Our Overcoat line feels the ef- W/K f\ x I ff^CTi
feet of the Green Tag. We de- Iff] §\\ s & 11 S »
vote two floors to Overcoats this \|l | | \]V^p|i f^X~
season, 29,400 square feet. \i I f "l 1\ t™"
Some remarkably clever Over- I I 11 1
coats, as you see in the picture I I 1 \ \ I—
on side, in dark, genteel color- C^_ | ' ,^jjl S = \\
ings ; Fall and Winter fashions TTTj^^J|
for seasons ' 96 and ' 97. y// snj^YA
Green Tagged 111 -^~J^^s*sh
I -$5.45- Ht
Some 1400 pretty Suits, new
■ Fall and Winter fashions, for
f^\^ short-trouser-w earing lads be-
X~*g^% { tweSn the ages of 5 and 16, all
Grf^^A \ brand new colorings, all high-
v 1 "* " ) /~^v class goods, suits that you would
\ _j/ i£^N< be willing at any time to pay
sW\f(/\ "^s. $3.50 for ; we have Green-Tag-
#^^. . Separate- Knee Trousers for
©) lads, those between the ages of 5
and 15, in pretty colorings
Green Tagged
15c Per Pair.
PAPHAPI '^ THE FRISCO 9, 11, 13 and \§ That Big, Popular Raphael's
11^* L < L < SOYS > „ ny Sfre . Keamy-Street House. $£%££
i> r /=fc *»*•#-•<«. GL4-+»£\£±4- , " Tiiat JBig, Popular
inoorporatbd). ■ :"^ " — —- — Iveamy street. -■■■m... <w ., w .....^ Keamy-Street House,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1896.
Green Tags dangle from some
mighty clever Reefer Suits, all
. new fall and winter fashions
for seasons ' 96 and '97; pretty
colorings; just half the usual
price, but we propose to make
Green- Tags mean something,
and propose you to remember
this sale as favorably as you re-
membered our last Green Tag
sale.
We have Green-tagged these
pretty suits
-$1.85~
Wherever you see a Green Tag
pounce on it at once. It's a big
I bargain ; it scarcely represents
i half price, but we want you to
remember this Green Tag sale.
If you desire to keep in touch
with the Big Kearny -street Store
I and know of its doings and its
newest and prettiest styles, send
■ for our book, "Hints From a Big
Store."
We could not begin to tell you
in this space the numerous arti-
cles that are Green-tagged, but
this you may rely upon that the
Big Kearny -street Store has
Green Tags on its most desirable
goods— not a few select items of-
fered as bait, but on nearly its
entire stock. Green Tags will
again occupy an important part
in the history of the big Kearny -
street house. Monday it begins.
A thorough cataloguing of our
newest goods can be found in our
book, "Hints From a Big Store."
Your name and address, please,
and we'll mail it to you.
r TO-DAT— CLOTHING. "V; .-V ,'
*P ft^^A.^aS lS^5yV7
i t~X\/j^\ v^ Sum Wm\ i
\v\ V~ A J ■S^Hw^V^^^^ 1 f" 1
3
\ / ~ <^ /
Qreen=Tagged
Trousers.
Some 2000 pairs of Worsted
Trousers for men ; cleverly tai-
I lored goods in pretty stripes; also
plain Clay Worsteds ; Trousers
that are dressy.
Green Tagged at the most
ridiculously 'low price ever
quoted for Men's Trousers.
i -85c-
_ _
Opposite we show you a real
mgglpgi swell Reefing Top Coat, made
Civ eiiUPilsll from high-grade blue Chin-
C \|g||lp^glll chill a, the usual So and $6
/^""--v^ grade, for little fellows between
vs- j »*fc>^s^llsl^lg the ages of 3 and 10.
I *£ *£ \Jf=§||p|ii The above is a new Fall and
i^ -^lJF^ll^^s Winter fashion made entirely
y r *^^TZlll|S=~E different from the top coats of
VSTj jHli§ii§i past seasons.
Jy^%^Jr^^^^ We have Green Tagged 'em
\ —$3.95 —
P^^^^^m . Green-Tagged Hats.
__ The Alpine Hat hasn't escaped
SH Bfiii^ >|p£^ ie green tag. The new Fall
«^ illillllil an d Winter block of the Alpine
Jliß=3B Hat Department Otter, Green
g||pg===£g Brown and Black ; in our Big
ip=j^=== ._', Hat Department to-day Green
— 65c —
Vk r
Green Tags
Are Money
Savers.
Some real swell, long-trouser
suits for lads between the ages
of 12 and 19 ; real $10 suits in
all-wool Scotches and pretty
Plaids; cleverly tailored gar-
ments. Green tagged
— $5.00—
Items
Green
Tagged
Men's Neckwear.
Some right swell new fall
styles, new fall colorings, dark,
light and medium, shades, all
the newest effects in knots, scarfs,
four-in-hands, band bows and
ties. A beautiful lot of goods
collected for our fall trade.
Green tagged
~— 15c—
Men's Underwear
A new shade of blue and
brown, very swell goods, in heavy
balbriggan; shirts are silk-
faced, have pearl buttons, draw-
ers tailor fashioned and taped
throughout. Green tagged
—40c—
Per Garment.
Men's Underwear
Some very clever undergar-
ments in heavy Scotch Wool
Shirts and Drawers in random,
gray; shirts are silk-faced,
drawers are excellently finished;
a garment well worth 85c.
Green tagged
—60c—
Per Garment.
Men's Hose.
XT JLWI.I O M. iuDvi
Some 2000 dozen Gentlemen's
Hose, seamless, two-thread Egyp-
tian cotton, in brown, . in brown,
black and random mixtures;
just half price; awfully clever
goods. Green tagged
-10c—
Per Pair.
n Men's Dress
Shirts.
A clever Dress Shirt, made
from Langdon Mills muslin,
laundered linen bosoms, patent
stays, barred buttonholes, double
interlocked sleeve on shoulder.
Green tagged
—60c—
Men's
Handkerchiefs.
Some new designs for the fall
season in fancy border and
plain white Kerchiefs ; all hem-
stitched. Green tagged
-sc—
Men's
Night Robes.
A Night Robe, cut 50 inches
long, fancily trimmed ; also the
plain Pepperill twill; a usually
| 75c garment. Green tagged
—40c—
; ,
Men's Suspenders
Some 800 dozen Suspenders,
made with wire buckle and pat-
ent cast-off, in all new styles of
webbing. Green tagged
—15c—
34
HIS TO WEAR A
BISHOP'S MITER
Installation of Right Rev.
George Montgomery
at Los Angeles.
PRIESTS KISS HIS HAND
Inducted Into the High Office
With Solemn Pomp and
Ceremony.
FEAST OF MARTYRED VIBIANA
Catholics of the Southern Diocese
Welcome the Venerable Mora's
Successor.
Los Angeles Office of the Call,/
328 South Broadway, [■
Los Angeles, Cal., Sept. 6. )
A notable event in the history of the
RIGHT REV. GEORGE MONTGOMERY, Who Succeeds Bishop Mora as the Head of the Catholic
Diocese of Los Angeles and Monterey.
Catholic cnurch of this coast was the in
stallation to-day of Right Rev. George
Montgomery as Bishop of Monterey and
Los Angeles, to which high office he was
elevated upon the resignation of Bishop
Mora.
Bishop Mora, who has held the office
for many years, is the last of a long and
illustrious line of Spanish Bishops who
have had charge of this diocese, which is
composed of forty parishes. Crowned
with honors he will soon retire to the in
terior of Spain, where he will end his de
clining years.
The cathedral was handsomely pre
pared for to-day's ceremonies, and was
packed with people from the altar to the
doors. Folly 1500 witnessed the beautiful
and Impressive rites. Many priests of the
diocese were present. It was the final
celebration of the Pontifical mass since
Bishop Montgomery assumed the duties
of Bishop.
The procession of clergymen and bear
ers of the canopy which sheltered the
Bishop formed at 10:30 o'clock at the
Bishop's residence and proceeded to the
main entrance of the cathedral. The
canopy-bearers were: Hon. Zach Mont
gomery, John F. Francis, John Keneally,
Mr. Stefan, George Kodriquez ana Joseph
Mess mer. The procession was met at the
entrance by Vicar-General Adam and the
acolytes, who tendered the holy water to
the Bishop to be blessed of him. A3 the
company entered the main aisle the choir
sang the Te Deum. The Vicar-General
offered a prayer. 1 hen the Bishop was
conducted to the episcopal throne, where
one by one the priests went forward to
kiss his hand, when the Bishop proceeded
to the altar and pronounced his solemn
benediction.
The celebration of the solemn Pontifical
mass was then begun. During the mass
Rev. Peter C. Yorke of San Francisco de
-1 ivered an able sermon.
At the close of the installation cere
monies the priests and a company of
prominent laymen tendered Bishop Mont
gomery a banquet in his house, at which
Vicar-General Adam presided. Addresses
were made by John Keneally, Fathers
Yorke, Bartnepp and Adam and Bishop
Montgomery. Very holy vespers were
held in the cathedral at 4 o'clock this
afternoon, presided over by the newly in
stalled Bishop. This evening Father
Yorke delivered a lecture in the cathedral
entitled. "The Chained Bible."
Father Yorke's forenoon sermon was in
part as follows :
Sly Dear Brethren: The celebration of two
events has brought us together nere to-day —
the one of somewhat restricted and local in
terest, the observance of the memorial day of
the patroness saint of this diocese of Monterey
and Los Aneeles ana of this church; the other
of great interest to this parish, to this com
munity, but also of importance to the entire
State of California, to the country and to the
church generally, and that is the installation
of your new Bishop, the Rt. Rev. George Mont
gomery. It is not a mere coincidence that
these two events should come together.
The Catholic ohurch is a historic church as
well as one of promise. Its face is set toward
the future, but the church never forgets the
«lgrious past, Hera is tte very substance of
things for which we hope and is also the glory
of things that are and have been. The church
stands like a great tree that uplifts and throws
its arm toward heaven and which flourishes In
its life-giving sunlight and its balmy breezes.
But the storms may arise, the rains pour
down in torrents, the gales attack It, all in
vain to its detriment, for its roots are firmly
fixed in the past, and the harder the blowi
and the attacks the more Is added to her
strength and sustenanoe. The grand old
church looks forward with hope and serenity.
It has no fear of what may come, no anxiety
about the future, because her feet are set on
the Rock oi Ages, and as sure as there Is a
I God In heaven they never can be moved.
So to-day, when we celebrate the memory of
one who figured in the opening history of the
church and the added responsibility of an
other who is toiling for It and for numanlty,
our minds look forward to ever Increasing
possibilities of the church, to the millions
who must come to it for hope, for mercy, for
safety, and again our thoughts will wander
back to the era of the martyrs, to the time
when the fathers were contending, as we are
now, against worldliness, against sin, against
j error, and we see that in all eras the church ia
the same.
We see that the spiritual fruit, the flowers,
the verdure that we all enjoy to-day, was
watered and matured by the blood of martyrs.
When we come to consider a saiut like Vibiaua
and find tbst there is absolutely nothing
known about her, the gap is something of a
shock to the seeker for detail. AH that we
know of Viblana is that she was a young Chris
tian Roman girl who firmly and heroically
bore witness to Christ with the last drop ot her
blood, with the last breath f-he drew. Of her
fnuilv, her station, her career, why she was
chosen for the honor, the glory of dying for
our Lord, we do not know. All we are in
formed of is tbat she put her duty above all
else; that torture and death had no terrors for
her as a Christian, and that she died a worthy
daughter of the holy ohurch.
Some years ago in the catacombs of Rome
her body was found and was brougnt across
the sea, to a land of which the .wisest men
of her time knew nothing, and her altar was
raised here where her relics vow repose. To
day thousands cherish her life, her example,
her qualities in their minds, and here we see a
multitude of another mcc gathered to cele
brate tne heroic memory of ihe lovely Chris
tian girl who suffered all in the strength of
her piety for her religion. She stands to-day
before us great and glorious, for she repre
sents the idea of duty accomplished, of duty
done even through sore suffering and unto
death.
Father Yorke pictured the failings of the
present day and generation, and con
tinued:
A great battle is now being waged between
truth and calumny — a contest between right
and wrong. The ideas of modern progression
are often antagonistic to and against God and
his Gospel. Let us not deceive ourselves by
imagining that the life of a modern Christian
is less exacting than in the days of the mar
tyrs. We have, it is true, outgrown the ax,
fagot and stake, but the duties and vigils of a
Christian life require all the care, attention
and rectitude of the earlier times. We should
array ourselves against the influences of pride
and vanity — common and besetting sins— the
lusts of the flesh and the snares lurking in the
pomp and praise of the world.
Men are often led away from the paths of
Christian rectitude by the allurements of a
political life. The environments of politics
often blind well-intentioned citizens to their
real duties in this life. With these things for
gotten or ignored society loses much of what
such an individual may be capable of doing In
the line of duty to the Christian life. It may
be, alas, the love of the mighty dollar which
has lured the man away from a career that is
truly Christian. This is a common and de
plorable fact. It is well to remember that the
requirements of a religious life are unchange
able. Nothing that society may do or progress
suggest can abate a single duty we owe to re
ligion. The law remains, those who obey shall
be saved ; those who are in violation of it shall
be lost.
Catholics, tarnished with Mammon wor
ship, forget the honor due their holy mother
church. Can it be true that men are so erov
cling as to deny the church into which they
were baptized? There has been no society so
grand as the Catholic church from the flays of
the martyrs' down to the present. In past
ages princes, kings and others in high author
ity have tried to put her down, but could not
even soil her spotless robe. Why, then, should
you shirk your duty or be ashamed of that
mother whose faithful, dutiful children you
should be only too glad to acknowledge your
selves? Her record is a glorious, a splendid :
one. It is fitting, therefore, that on an occa
sion like this our thoughts should be turned
to the church our forefathers established cen
tuiles and centuries ago. »
All honor to those zealous pioneers who
paved the way tor what, we now enjoy — the
blessed fruit of a religions life! When the
history of those early times shall be adequately
written by competent hands then the meed of
praise which is justly the due of these exalted
and pious men shall be accorded them.
lint the time has come for a new order of
things; for those who speak the English lan
guage to take control of the great interest of
this diocese. A now commonwealth has
I grown up with a new population. These are
| the changes of the times which must be rec-
I ognized.
To-day a new bishop takes his place among
you. By the will of the holy father he is to
take charge of this great work. It Is his privi
lege to take possession of the foundation which
has been laid so broad and deep by his prede
cessors. He has now come to build the super
structure. Him we know and greatly admire.
His coming to you is our loss. We know of his
zeal, his ability and his untiring devotion to
the welfare of his people.
We almost prudgo him to you. I ask you to
strengthen his hands. His priests are about
him to sustain and help him; set your hearts
to the self same task.
His is no easy work. He has a great warfare
ahead of him. Let him realize in his very soul
that every on» of you are loyal to him and to
the church.' Let him feel that you are a friend
of your Bishop, of his church, and then there
I are no heights to which you may not attain
I under his leadership. Finally let him under
| stand that you are always with him in every
! good act and word, and that he need only.to
L stretch forth his bands to accomplish his great
work.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1896.
PATTON SCORED
AT LOS ANGELES
The Labor Congress Attacks
the Candidate for
Congress.
SEES IN HIM A FOE.
If He Is Chosen as the Fusion
Nominee Workingmen
Will Bolt
BARLOW IS THEIR CHOICE
A Telegram Declaring Allegiance to
the Democrat Is Denounced
as False.
Lob Akoklss Office of the Call,)
328 South Broadway, >
Los Angeles, Cal., Sept. 6. )
At to-day's session of the Los Angeles
Labor Congress, the telegram read at the
Democratic-Popnlist Congressional con
ference at San Francisco on the 2d inst.,
stating that the labor unions of Los Ange
les would indorse H. W. Patton, if nomi
nated for Congressman in the Sixth Dis
trict, was denounced as false, and the fol
lowing resolutions were unanimously
adopted :
Whereas, H. W. Patton. for the last eighteen
months has conducted a non-union newspa
per in this city, and has never rendered any
service to organized labor to entitle him to
the good will ana support of the labor unions,
belt
Retolved, That we protest against the selec
tion of H. W. Patton as Congressional nominee
in the Sixth District, and that if he is Indorsed
for said position we will vlace in the field an
independent nominee, whose record as a
friend to organized labor is irreproachable;
and. be It farther
Raolved, That we Indorse C. A. Barlow, the
Por-ulist nominee, as our choice to represent
the Sixth Congressional District
J. H. McWix.li4.ms, Chairman.
A. VimriTß, Secretary.
The labor congress is composed of dele
gates selected by the various trades
unions to formulate tome plan of political
action, so that representative worklngmen
or persons favorable to the cause of labor
could be nominated for the different legis
lative offices.
CHICO REPUBLICANS RALLT.
Political Issues IHtcuised by Walling of
JNtvada City.
CHICO, Cal., Sept. 6.— The Chico Re
publicans held a rousing meeting last
night. The city was fairly ablaze with
bonfires and rockets. The streets were
paraded by the Eighth Regiment band,
and at 8 o'clock Armory Hall was
crowded. Hon. J. M. Walling of Nevada
City delivered one of the finest speeches
ever heard in this city. By logical reason
ing and citing historic facts he showed
how the people had been duped by what
he called the "Popocratic party."
Tne Republicans have begun in earnest
to make the campaign here a warm one
and by election tima a great many whose
heads were turned at first by the free-sil
ver craze will see their error and fall into
line for McKinley.
UNDER BURINLET'S BANNEN.
Robert Iroyal Renounce* the Tarty of
Bryan and Sewall.
VALLEJO, Cal., Sect. 6.— Robert Loyal,
a brother-in-law of Admiral Farragut, and
who«e nephew-in-law is the son of Arthur
Sewall of Maine, has announced himself
in favor of the Republican party. Loyal
nas been a life-long Democrat, but this
year he will vote for McKinley and Ho
bait and for S. G. Hilborn for Congress
from the Third Congressional District.
THE SAN JOSE CAMPAIGN.
Strong Republican Club Organize* in
. , the first Hard.
,m, m SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept, 6.-A strong Re*
publican club is 'being organized in the
First Ward. Club-rooms have been
opened in the Newland Hotel, opposite
the broad-gauge depot, and about 200' have
already signed the club's roll. All the
railroad men and laborers about the depot
have joined the organization, and it is ex
pected that there will be an enrollment of
800 voters by the middle of the week. It
is composed almost entirely of young
men. Harry MoChntock and Bert Fabens,
ex-railroad men, are at the head of the
movement. A meeting will be held dur
ing tne week, and a permanent organiza
tion formed by the election of officers.
lon* Republicans Organime.
IONE, Cal., Sept 6.— The Republicans
of lone precinct met last night and or
ganized a McKinley ana Hobart club.
James McCauiey was elected president,
W. A. Bennetts vice-president, Frank
Dunlap secretary, Frank Frales treasurer
and Bcott Andross marshal. Short
speeches were made by Frank Frates,
George Woolsey, C. W. Swain and others.
Seventy-five voters were enrolled, includ
ing a number of old-line Democrats and
Populists.
Campaign Talks at Ukinh.
UKIAH, Oal., Bept. 6.— The campaign
on behalf of the Democratic party opened
here last night under the auspices of the
Bryan Free Silver Club. Miss Susan B.
Anthony addressed the meeting on the
woman suffrage question. Hon. Walter
R. Stradley of San Francisco spoke on the
issues of the day from the Bryan Democ
racy standpoint. Large numbers were
present at the meeting ana considerable
enthusiasm was manifested.
Woodland's Bryan Club.
WOODLAND, Cal., Sept. B.— A Bryan
and Sewall Club meeting here last night
was presided over by E. T. Clowe.
Speeches on tbe issues of the day were
made by F. E. Baker, Ed B. Leake and E.
T. Clowe. On next Saturday evening
Ex- Assembly man Jacobs and J. B. Nixon
will aadress the club. The roll now in
cludes over 300 names.
Santa Ctum Charity Concert.
BANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept. &—Arrange
ments have been completed for the charity
concert and ball to be given on Friday
evening under the auspices of Council No.
12, Young Men's Institute, of Santa Cruz.
Its sponsors are of the highest Cathollo
circles of this city. The First United
States Infantry Band will supply music.
Indians in Sonoma Bop fields.
HEALDSBURG. Cal., Sept. 6.— Two
hundred Lake Indians came to town to
day, and will on the morrow go to work in
the hop nelds of this valley. Although the
prioes for tbe brewing blossoms are low,
nearly every grower will harvest his crop,
and not less than 1500 laborers will find
work during the season.
Bryan's Election Is Their Loss.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., Sept. 6.—Wool
growers are already seeking a market for
their fall clip, which promises to be fine.
A heavy buyer doing business in Clover
dale is offering to pay 5 cents a pound for
wool if Bryan is elected or 9 cents shouia
McKinley be successful, and is making
contracts that way.
Xoio County Primaries.
WOODLAND, Cal., Sept. 6.— At a meet
ing of the Republican County Central
Committee it was decided to hold the pri
maries to elect delegates to the county
convention on Saturday, September 26.
The convention will be held on the 29th.
Leake to Take the Stump.
WOODLAND, Cal., Sept. 6.— Hon. Ed
E. Leake of this city bas accepted an in
vitation from the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee to take the stump for tbe
cause of Democracy, and will enter upon
his duties at once.
J^rotn Seattle to the Orient.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 6.— With thirty
passengers and 3000 tons of cargo, consist
ing of flour, machinery, nails, bicycles
and 800,000 feet of lumber, the Nippon
Yusen Kaisba steamship Miike Maru set
sail on her return trip for the Orient at 2
o'clock this afternoon. Somewhere on
the bosom ot tbe broad Pacific she will
pass the second Japanese mail steamship
company's packet, a vessel one-third
longer than the Miike Maru, and styled
the Yama Gucbi Maru. The latter has al
ready left Yokohama, and is expected
here on or before the 25th.
AMUSEMENTS FOR ALL.
The Great Variety of Entertainments
That Are to - Be Offered Thla
.Evening to the People.
At the Baldwin "Mme. Sans Gene" will
be the attraction to-night, It having been
decided that this piece, which has much
to recommend it to theater-goers, will be
well received this week and the next. It
is a play that is superbly staged and has
much life in it, -
The strikingly sensational is to be
offered at the California Theater to-night.
Steve Brodie is to appear in a play en
titled "On the Bowery and will make one
of those jumps from Brooklyn Bridge (in
imitation) which have made him famous.
The play is lively and attractive.
At the Columbia Theater this, evening
the Frawley Company will, for the first
time, present "The Wife," an American
society corned v by De Mille and Belasco —
one that had the longest run of any that
ever was presented at the Lyceum in New
York City.
The Grand Opera-house management
will this evening offer the race comedy
drama, "The Great Brooklyn Handicap,"
in which will be introduced thoroughbred
horses ana real jockeys. Edward J. Her
ron and Lottie Williams, the favorites,
will appear in specialties. • '■ •
There will be a revival of that delightful
laughter-producing farce-comedy, "All the
Comforts of Home," at the Alcazar to
night. In this production there will be
a female instead of a male servant, and
Kitty McDow. a versatile actress, has been
cast for that part.
To-night will be the first of the last week
of the Grand Opera Company at the Tivoli
Opera-house. The opera for this evening
is "Lucia di JLammermoor," with Mile.
Ida Valeria, who will, appear for the first
time this season. She will appear in the
title role.
The show to be presented at the Or
pheum this evening will include a number
of novelties. There is on the list Furgeson
and Mack, the king Dins of Irish comedy,
the Vassar quartet of New York singers,
Marguerite, contortion dancer, ana Bell
man and Moore, vocalists.
There is a fine lot of attractions at the
Chutes for this evening. Antonio Pirri of
Milan will at 10 o'clock coast on a safety
from the top of the chutes to the lake at
the foot, a most perilous feat. The Japan
ese troupe will give an exhibition in the
Casino.
The Mechanics' Fair and Home Product
Exhibition in the ,- Pavilion will be open
this evening with the attractive displays
which cannot all be seen daring any single
visit. To-night will be Wagner night and
the Reliance and the Acme clubs of Oak
land will appear.
The big show in the big tent at Central
Park will present its usual attractions this
evening, with many new features promised.
he horse show, • the daring riders, the
acrobatic performances and the clowns all
have a fascination for the old as well as
the young. :
»» — ♦
Borrow on sealskins, silts and jewels at Uncle
. Alar ris 1 , 15 Grant avenue.
CITIZEN SOLDIERS
OF THE STATE.
The long-expected conference of leading
officers of the National Guard took place
last Tuesday. ' Governor Budd, com
mander-in-chief, Adjutant-General A. "W.
Barrett and Major-Ueneral N. T. James
discussed guard affairs.
Obviously the result of the council of
war was the promulgation of the following
order: ... • . . ;^.: ;
General Headquarters, I
__ , , Sacramento, Sept. 2, 1896. j-
Special order No. 13. •
• [EXTRACT.]
In accordance with the provisions of section
1023, Political Code (amendments 1895).
Colonel D. B. Fairbanks, Fifth Infantry, N. Q. C,
Colonel J, J.Nunan, Sixth Infantry, N. Q. C,
and Lieutenant-Colonel J. C. Currier, Division
Staff, N. Q. c, are • hereby appointed a
board of officers for. the purpose of considering
and recommending to the comtaander-in
chief what In their Judgment is most urgently
required for the uniforming and equipping of
the National Guard of California. ■.-.:- v :>
By order commander-in-chief. .
A. W. Babbitt, Adjutant-General.
Colonel Fairbanks, chairman, will prob
ably convene the board in San Francisco
and hold sessions to ascertain in what re
spect the guard is most deficient. There
is common talk among officers and en
listed men that many of the Springfield
rifles, pattern of 1873, are defective and
unserviceable. -
Colonel. Currier, the division adjutant,
understands that Benicia arsenal contains
several thousand Springfield rifles or a
later pattern than that of 1873. Since the
Government ia arming the infantry regi
ments of the regular army with the Krag
Jorgensen rifles, many serviceable Spring
fields should be now available for National
Guard use.
Adjutant-General Barrett has Just ob
tained for the guard a sufficient number
of haversacks, canteens and meat ration
cans to equip 8000 men.
There yet remains to be filled in the di
vision staff the positions of engineer and
inspector of rifle practice. The mild sug
gestion that a little recruiting bad been
done on General WarfieJd's staff is re
sented.
First Brigade.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. The Sec
ond-street Armory, which is the home of !
Company B, Seventh Regiment, is re
splendent after an overhauling at a cost
of several hundred dollars.
The armory in Its new state was dedi
cated last week by a hop, which was at
tended by the fairest girls in the city.
The boys made a splendid showing. The
music was superb, the moonlight charm
ing and the social features of the pride of
California— her volunteer militia— were
made very prominent and enjoyable.
• The regular monthly inspection and
drill took place the same night, followed
by a competitive drill for the recruit
medal. Roy Arnold won it easily. He is
a promising soldier and one of the best
drilled men in the State.
One of the sensations of the evening
was the unexpected return of ex-Private
Charles Overshiner, who left the company
to go to Honolulu over a year ago. Dur
ing his absence he was In the Hawaiian
army and got a taste of real war during
the seditions resulting in the arrest of a
number of treasonable characters.
A large proportion of the members of
Company B are Native Sons, and they are
accordingly preparing to make a fine show
ing at the festivities here on Admission
day, when the Native Sons will give a
grand parade, wheeling races, regatta,
masked carnival, etc.
A new brass band has been organized
among the members of Company B, and
it has already won praise for Its excellent
music. | The organization starts out well
and promises to become a valuable addi
tion to the musical resources of the city.
The director is Thomas Bates and the
leader is R. C. Byers, both of whom play
the cornet. The other members are: Roy
Arnold, , Al Woodruff, cornets; Harry
Johnson, R. A. Byers, altos; Ernest Jen
kins, A. "Wright, A. Relnert, Chauncey
Morton, W. W. Collier, tenors; Joe Mad
dox, A. M. Thornburg, barytones; C. E.
Case, tuba; John Shaw, bass drum; Will
Mac Donald, snare.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., Sept. 3.— The
membership of Company X, infantry, is
gradually climbing upward toward the
seventy-five mark that the captain has
set his heart, on enrolling before 1896
passes out on the wings of time. Almost
every Monday evening one or two new
recruits are mustered into the service of
the State, and the majority of the men are
6- foot era. As soon as the new recruits are
placed in the ranks the shortest man in
the first set of fours will be 6 feet 1 inch.
Sergeant BodKin and Corporal Doyle
are once more on deck after their summer
among the pines.
Private D. I. Fabun returned from a
trip to the northern part of the State on
Saturday last. Sergeant Carter and a
number of the members who are athleti
cally inclined are making preparations for
a series of entertainments to raise funds
to equip the drill hall with a first-class set
of athletic apparatus. A political high
jinks will probably be the first entertain
ment given for that purpose, and will con
sist of a series of living pictures taken
from the cartoons of the comic papers and
a joint debate (burlesque) between a "gold
ug" a nd a "silver flea."
The regular monthly inspection of the
company will take place on Monday even
ing, September 17. '
Major J. W. F. Diss, brigade inspector,
is at home again after his summer outing
among the National Guard camp and the
Knights of Pythias at Redondo and Santa
Monica.
Major F. C. 'Prescott of Redlands is a
frequent visitor here. The major is look
ing after his political fences at present,
but he always finds time to say a good
word for the guard, of which he is an hon
ored and efficient member.
Lieutenant Higby, battalion adjutant,
paid the armory a short visit last Monday
evening. The lieutenant is one of the old
members of the company and the boys al
ways extend the glad hand whenever his
face appears in the drill hall or assembly
rooms. ■• .
. Private Rollins of Highlands has never
missed a drill since he enlisted, although
it means a twelve-mile ride every Monday
night. Such faithfulness to duty should
be an object lesson to the city chaps who
have only one or two blocks to walk and
then manage to miss about two drills out
of a month. _^ . "
Second Brigade.
The Second Brigade Signal Corps, un
der command of Captain G. C. Board
man, will leave the City Tuesday evening
next by the 6 o'clock boat for a dismount
ed bivouac at Larkspur. The men will be
JgHßpP^^^AN YOU AFFORD TO
#CS|Sra ij^have your face and
BBfi&B§"^ hands rilled with pir-
n pies and blood blotch-
HSBQV^k es ? If you can— if you
have your face and
hands nlled with pim-
ples and blood blotch-
es ? If you can — if you
fjßjjjMv^ 1 want boils in your hair,
igßSga w " on your face, on your
J^ body, all over yourself
—if you wish great big
sarsaparilla trade
marks ■ on your face—
use a sarsaparilla containing iodide of
potassium. If you. want a clean face, a
clean stomach, a clean body, use '
• ■- - ;■ /;■■.;■ ■■/:
armed with revolvers only and will wear
their campaign uniforms, with blanket
rolls and overcoats. Flag and heliograph
outfits will be taken along also, as it is
tbe intention to engage in signal practice
on the 9th. About thirty members expect
to attend. The return will be made on
the afternoon of the 9th.
As it is necessary that a field officer be
present Major Evans, signal officer of the
Second Brigade, will accompany the
corps. Captain Wallord, former instructor
of telegraphy in the corps, will also at
tend. The Signal Corps is now in a mo3t
flourishing condition, being recruited to
its full strength, with constant applica
tions for membership.
Third Brigade.
MERCED, Cal., Sept. 3.— Company H,
Sixth Infantry, attended divine services
last Sunday evening at the Bethel M. E.
Church South. The company turned out
strong, and were well received at the
church. The Rev. D. M. Edwards, for
merly a National Guardsman in the East,
welcomed the boys, and spoke upon the
subject: "The Captain of Our Salvation."
At the regular drill meeting last Mon
day night two new members were received,
and six applications read the first time.
Other applications are expected this week.
The company now numbers nfty-nve men
and recruits ara coming in quite rapidly.
It is the intention of the commander to
drop out all inefficient members as rapidly
as new enlistments will permit.
Captain Graham and First Lieutenant
Smith are away for a week, and in the
meantime the company Is in the charge i
of Second Lieutenant Bambauer.
WOODLAND, Cal., Sept. S.— On last
Wednesday evening Company F, Second
Infantry, were paid an official visit from
Captain Carrington, TJ. S. A. He came
unannounced and his call was an un
lucky one for the local Guard.
Captain Carrington assumed command
for the balance of the evening and put the
men through some severe work. He
drilled them in close-column squad drill, !
skirmish drill, etc. The company executed !
all these maneuvers with such exact pre- j
ciiion that tuey were the recipients of
much praise and admiration from the
visiting official. He complimented Captain
Prindle very highly on the efficient man- I
ncr in which he had drilled his company.
He advised him to practice guard mount
and squad drilling by means of signals.
It is probable that Company F will j
select some good place and go in camp
the latter part of September.
Captain Prindle is trying to secure a
suitable 500-yard target for his men to
use, but so far has been unsuccessful
Quite a number of the boys are on their
best behavior, aa two sergeants and four
corporals are soon to be appointed.
Interest in target practice is not what it
should ba. Inquire of the members and
theyinvariablyjsay, "Wnat's the üb«? I
fell down one or two points in the June
shoot, and if I should make a possible In
September it would not help me any
under the new rules."
The local guard boasts of some of the
best sharpshooters in the State. Lieuten
ant J. G. Lee, battalion adjutant, is an ex
pert with both the rifle and pistol. First
Lieutenant J. J. Ward, Sergeant Peart
and Private Edson are in the first class.
A good many are improving at every tar
get practice.
The officers of the company at present
ere: H. E. Prindle, captain; J. J. Ward,
first lieutenant; Wayne Utting, second
lieutenant; sergeants— Ed Ready, Jaret
Hevel, A. J. Mossmayer, G. C. Peart*
corporals— Jeff Boggs, Bede Hiiliier, Wil
liam Rawson, Phil Collum.
VIS ALIA, Cal., Sept. 2.— Company E,
Sixth Infantry, is an active organization.
The officers are: F. W. Ward, captain;
N. W. Kibler, first lieutenant; G. L.
Adams, second lieutenant; W. C. Stewart,
fixst sergeant and orderly; C. A. Spier '
second; F. W. Mixter, third; P. M. Nor- I
boe, fourth; F. F. Barton, fitth; C. M . j
Hamrick, sixth sergeant. The six cor- '
porals are: O. P. Byrd, R. H. Rennick, i
U. T. Clotfelter, F. W. Reed, H. Mixter
and James Osborn.
Sergeant Norboe is the company clerk
and is second to none in that position.
Sergeant Mixter holds the champion A
class medal and also the company I
monthly shoot medal. Corporal Mixter
holds the company drill medal.
At the court-martial held here to try
Private J. R. Pendergrass for absence
from parade the court found him guilty
and he was fined $2.
Lieutenant Lockwood of Troop C, TJ. S.
A., now stationed at Mineral King Park,
paid a visit to Company E during its regu
lar drill last Tuesday evening and ex
pressed himself as well pleased at the
movements and the general appearance of
the company.
The boys are practicing for the semi
annual ehoot ana expect to carry off a lot
of medals.
MEETING TO-NIGHT.
Ex-Governor Pacheco, Parl» Kil
burn and Others Will Speak
at California Hall.
There will be an open mass-meeting and
"laoies* night" this evening at California
Hall, 620 Bush street, to be held under the
auspices of the Spanish-American Repub
lican League of California, of which R. R.
Duckworth is chairman and A. de la Torre
Jr. secretary. This organization will prove
NEW TODAY.
GAIL BORDEN
EAGLE Brand
: ..CONDENSED MILK..
Has No Equal
SOLD EVERYWHERE
I
'(
SIGNATURE £\^§3^ ''
BLUE, diagonally jfe^na>^^#.
across the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle of
The Original and Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a further pro- '
tection against all imitations. '
■Agents lor the United State,. JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS , N. Y. «
a leading factor in the politics of this City,
being the only one of its kind representing
the Spanish-American Repablioan voters
of San Francisco.
j Among those who will address the meet* I
ing this evening are Hon. Romualdj
Pacheco, ex-Governor of California; Hon.
Paris Kilburn, Hon. A. D. Splivalo, and
other eminent speakers.
A good musical and literary programme
has been arranged.
The Phoenix Republican Club and the,
"Continental League" have accepted ail
invitation to attend the meeting. An in-*
vitation is extended to all Republicans.
* — ♦ •
Glass, as far as research has been able to
determine, was in use 2000 years before the
birth of Christ, and was not even then in
its infancy.
Is the light that will ''bring a great bF*
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your non 1
weak body can be made. Hndyan is foi
man. The great Hudyan is to bo had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This)
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and -most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. You can get it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. "Writ*
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator is thai
most wonderful discovery, of the age. If
has been indorsed by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of tha
discharge in twenty days.. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous twitchings of th_
eyes and other partsr Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It Lr
as cheap as any other remedy.-- •''.; .'■*-
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains, in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 prf-
vate indorsements.
PrcmatareiteS3 means impotenoy in th«
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be atop*
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem»
cdv. Send for circulars and testimonials.
. TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of sore*
producing germs. Tnen come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, ulcers In mouth, old sores and
falling hair. You ran save a trip to Hot Spring*
by using the great 30-day cure. Call or writ* tot
30-day circulars. ■ - .
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and JEUis St«.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. > f
-'■'-^«4'- '"* * ... -'
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of the age in the treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men
and Women. ; •
Diseases of young;, middle,
a greet and old men which weaken
the body and the brain, causing ner-
vous debility in all its distressing
forms, finch as drains which sap the vital-
ty, weak and failing manhood, aching
back and diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele and in many
cases degradation and untimely death,
positively, permanently and forever cured
by Dr. Sweany witn his new treatment
which is the result of years of study
practice and experience. " = "".
Heart, -train, Nerves and
Blood. If you have a dizziness of the
head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling and fear of
impending danger or death, a dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent and. feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the nerves, brain, heart and blood. You
have no time to lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. Disease*
©i" -Women, scientifically treated and
invariabiv cured.
XII E POOR of this city who call at his
office on Friday afternoons of each week
are welcome to his professional services
free.
Yon can l>e cured at home.
Write your troubles if living away, from
the city and are unable to call. tetters
are answered in English, German, French,
Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish.
Correspondence strictly confidantlaL
Book, "Guide to Health," sent frea on ap-
plication. Address
W. F. L SWEANY, ZSSSSSi^.
J^§y|ss Bells for $30.
Bsss^^"^'^>N^Bl Old-fashioned and poorly
H^TSsiiS&fc-ff^B made, can be had by pay.
A'/^TvEjJ&yTife^i iv(? yoar money to eJectrla
f_f /' ♦ ■3_V?t~l\Sv* belt '"quacks" and travel-
j!?f* •V\ ■— .'r- ing "takers." For a first-
{• -cjtjji"' class article at a reasonable
*£"-.•'s price write or call for tree
_____ "* copy of our new book. liX,
PIERCE <_ SON, 704 Sacramento st., cor. Kearny,
.jacond, third and fourth Hoora. riaa Francisco.RAN THREE BLOCKS
FROM JUSTICE
A Man Who Robbed a Room
in the Marechal
Niel.
AWOKE THE OCCUPANT.
There Was a Brief Struggle and
the Burglar Made His
Escape.
HOT PURSUIT AND CAPTURE.
The Stolen Property Found in His
Possession — Was Booked for
Grand Larceny.
The guests in the Marechal Niel Hotel,
on Ellis and Jones streets, were awasenod
from their slumbers about 6 o'clock yester
day morning by a terrific noise on the
stairs, and for some minutes consternation
reigned supreme.
The noise was made by J. F. Mail, one
of the guests, wiio was chasing a burglar,
and bosh rushed down the stairways from
the third floor at a rattling gait, and ihen
out onto the street.
Mail, who is stock clerk in the San Fran
cisco Shoe House, occupies room 49 on
the third floor. He got home early yester
day morning, and after taking off hit hat
and coat, lay down on the bed to read for
a short time before retiring, but he soon
fell asleep.
He had not taken the precaution to lock
his door, and was awakened by some one
going through his veat pockets. He jumped
out of bed and seeing a man in front of
him, he made a pass at him with his right
hand, but missed Dim. The man backed
into a corner, and Mail mace a kick at
him but asain mis%ed him. They had a
tussle, and the burelar got to the door and
rushed along the hallway and down the
stairs pursued by Mail, who was snouting
"Stop thief !"
The burglar kept ahead of Mail and
when he got to tbe street he ran north to
O' Farrell street and turned west toward
Leavenworth. Mail kept close behind
him, shouting for help, ana J. G. Welsh,
a hackuriver, who was walking alone
O'Farrell street, heard his cries, and tak
ing in the situation, he grabbed hold of
the burglar. There was a brief struggle
and before Mail reached them the burglar
broke away.
A milk wagon nappened to pass jast
then and Mail and Welsh pressed the
driver into service. They started off after
the burglar, who turned down Leaven
worth street, but Mail and Welsh kept
ahead of tbe milk wagon and overtook the
burglar at Eliis street.
Mail found that the burglar had tsken
his gold watch, chain and charm and
$48 45 in coin. The burglar delivered up
the watch and coin but denied tbat he
had tne chain and charm, savins he must
have dropped them. Mail and Welsh
marched him back over the route taken,
looking for the chain and charm, but did
not find them tiil they got back to the
hotel, where they were found in the hall
way.
The burglar begged Mail to let him go
for the sake of his wife and family and
told him if he had been a bad man he
could have shot him with the revolver
which be saw on top of the bureau. Mail
was not in a forgiving mood an' i made him
Bit on a trunk in the hallway till Police
man George Collins was notified and he
placed the burglar under arrest. The man
was taken to tne City Prison and charged
with grand larceny. He gave ihe name of
Henry }!eyer, 23 years of age and his oc
cupation as a waiter. He had in a purse
$20 75 that De.onged to himself and a
nickel watch and two keys.
All the detective^ had a look at Meyer In
the prison, but none of them recoenized
him. His wife called to see him, but was
uncommunicative.
Meyer hao walked into the hotel as the
proprietor, according to custom, had
turned out the hall lights at 5 o'clock, and
opened the front door. He had evidently
tried several bedroom doors, but found
them all locked till he reached Mail's on
the third floor.
Two or three weeks ago the room of an
other guest at the hotel v.as entered dur
ing the night and his gold watch and
chain were stolen. The police think that
Meyer was tbe thief and that be may have
been implicated in the recent burglaries in
several hotels.
Detectives Silvey and Reynolds found
the room occupied by Meyers, and to their
great surprise and satisfaction made a dis
cover? that was not anticipated. Meyers
bad a stock of jewelry, fancy articles and
clothing in such large quantities that a
second-hand store might be opened with
the stuff in his room. The detectives
packed the jewels and smal. things into a
valise and bundled ur> the clothing, sticks
and umbrei'as and took them all to Cap
tain Lees' office.
Among the jewelry were found a fine
gold wafch and an opal pin belonging to
Charles O'Byrne, 405 Montgomery street,
stolen some months ago. A beautiiui
crazy-quilt, the property of Colonel J. G.
C. Lee, United States Quartermaster, was
among the recovered articles.
Tne other things iound in the room are
a- follows: A handsome silk plush cape
trimmed with tarand passementerie.a gold
necklace of balls one-fourth inch in
diameter, a gold thimble .with the name
Kittie W. Terry entraved on the rim, a
horseshoe diamond scarfpin containing
thirteen diamonds, a scarlpin witn an
emerald surrounded by diamonds, a large
diamond and emerald brooch, designed
like a star, with a cluster of diamonds ana
five small emeralds and five diamonds
forming rays or sprays ; a lady's pin,
scroll-shaped, with three large diamonds;
two diamond screw earring*, two pansy
leaf earrings with garnet centers, one wed
ding ring of gold, one long fine cold chain
woven in a string, sleeve-links of the knot
and-rope pattern of gold and platinum, a
plain gold scroll lady's pin wiih ships en
graved on it, a circular locket with an in
taglio and an onyx back, gold sleeve but
tons with finely cut horses' heads in relief,
plain, round, gold sleeve-buttons; a pair
of black ooera-glasses mounted in cold ; a
gold web oriental belt worn by ladies; a
pearl handl-, silver-plated 'revolver; also
ieveral pairs of men s tan gloves; silver
mounted umbrellas and canes, several
pocket books, cicar holders and purses,
ill empty, a dust coat and a long blue
cloth overcoat-
Captain Lees said he wonld be glad to
bear from people who lost similar articles,
md he believed most of the property will
&• identified and claimed within a fen
days.
Santn < ruz Hint Again.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept. 6.— The
jaseball game between the Electrics of
Santa Cruz and the Fir=t Infantry team
vsulteil in the third victory for Santa
Cruz by a score of 14 to 5.
M.ADALLIONB, photographs mounted on glass
md in plain mat gilts, with projecting metal
iorners just received. Specialties in small pic
.tires from 25c to $2 50. Etchings in light oak
rames $1 50 to $2 50 each, being just one
talf the usual price. San born, Vail it Co.,
«41 Market street. •
The Oldest Woman Suffragist in San Francisco.
"I hope to live long enough to cast my first vote."
So says Mrs. Emily Morrell Wood, mother of Mrs. John F. Swift. The venerable
old lady was born in Johnstown, New York, more than eighty-six years ago, and
came to this coast in 1850. Years seem only to have brought her added dignity
and grace, while her mental powers, like wine, seem to have improved with age.
"I suppose," she said yesterday, "I am the oldest woman suffragist in this City,
and lam proud to say that my dear husband, who left me years ago for a better
world, was of the same mind. He came to California a year before I did, on the Pal
metto, a bark of which he was part owner. His health was delicate, and this climate
agreed with him so well that after a year he went back to the States and fetched me
to what was then a wild country. I love this State and I shall love it more when
woman shall enjoy political equality with man, as she surely will."
Mrs. Wood was a schoolmate with Eiizabe h Cady Stanton, her father and Judge
Cady. the father of Mrs. Stanton, being Justices on the same bench. Some year» ago
Mrs. Wood, who is a great reader, was visited by a severe affliction, becoming abso
lutely blind from cataract. In this sad state she remained for over four years, when
a successful operation restored her sight. The old lady is an ardent admirer of Tin
Call and reads its woman suffrage news daily. She is also a fine needlewoman and !
many a poor family wears garments made by her deft fineers. Her late husband was ■
partner of John Lorimer Graham, the famous New York barrister, before coming to I
this State. Mr?. Wood is also one of the Anneke Jans heirs, her great-grandfather
having married Ractiel, the granddaughter of Anneke Jans. Her memory of events
long past is most vivid, and the woman suffragists may well be proud of their veteran
partisan.
RIFLE RANGES
SMOKING HOT
The San Francisco Schuet
zen Verein at Shell
Mound.
BULLETS IN THE BLACK.
The Thirty-Eighth Annual
Festival Attracts Large
Numbers.
THE PEIZES ARE PLENTIFUL
Naval Battalion and Independent
Rifles Hold Their Monthly
Medal Shoots.
The thirty-eighth annual festival of the
San Francisco Scbuetzen Verein was cele
brated at Shell Mound park yesterday, the
piece de rebistance of an interesting and
varied programme of attractions being the
competition shoot for members of the or
ganization. For this and the bowling,
which almost rivaled it in popular esti
mation, no less a sum than $500 in cash
had been specially provided — a circum
stance tending to promote much more
than the normal excitement invariably a
feature of all such competitions.
The attendance of outsiders was consid
erable, though the members of the
Schuetzen V«rein, reeplendent in refur
bished uni orms, were necessarily con-
I spicuous among the throng, and those
whose attention was not altogether ab
sorbed by the shooting and the bowling |
found time to devote to the gentler pas
times of dancing and lovemaking— for it
goes without saying thac pretty frauleins
were there in plenty.
A festival of any kind, with which a son
of the Fatherland is concerned, would
j greatly belie tradition if music were lack-
I ing. On this occasion Ritzau's brass band
charmed the listeners with the "concord
of sweet sounds" and discoursed classi
cally and otherwise most indefatigabiy
from morn till dewy eve. The interior of
the park pavilion was appropriately dec
orated with banners and bunting, the j
stars and stripes and tbe flag of the I
Schuetzen Verein being most frequently
displayed among the former. A gaylv
colored inscription below tbe bamistand
extended a laconic, hot none the less cor
dial, •Wilikommen" to one and all.
Throughout the day, which was one of
the thirsty variety, lager oeei and milder
potations for those opposed to alcoholic I
stimulants, were liberally on tap and as- j
similated in large quantities— by the
smoke-begrimed riflemen in particular.
The shooting began at 10 a. m. and was
continued until 6 o'clock, with an inter
mission at noon for luncn. Tbe pro
gramme included shooting at company
targets, most points and best centers. The
final result of the two last-named competi
tions will not be known until this evening,
inasmuch as the process of determining
the same involved a difficult calculation
by machinery, which measures shots to
the thousandth parr of an inch. The
whole of the prizes, for both the shooting
and ihe bowling, will be distributed on
Thursday eveninc next at the California
Ball, Bush streftt.
Tue result of the shooting at company
targets, fifteen men participating, was as
under:
t - Joh " UtS(hl2 69 > J- Tledeman 6D, Frank
Kocnb9. I). B. Knktor64, J. C. Walier 63. A.
M, ** a P e<}3 - Charles Tnierbacn 63, F. Attinirer
03, George Alpers63, L. iSendell 62. L. N. Rit
zau 61 John Tnode til, K. Woriheimer 60,
Henry Tietjen 60, William Glindemann 59.
As late as 4 o'clock Glindeman seemed
a certain winner in the bowling tourna
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1896.
merit, ho having then scored 36, and by so
doing rendered defeat impossible, though
a tie mignt enaue for first place.
The following: committees were re
sponsible fi>r all arrangements in connec
tion w.th the conduct of tbe festival:
General Committee — Louis Hanker, chair
man; Henry Stelling, secretary; H. Huber,
treasurer.
Shooting— J. Utsohig, F. P. Schuster, R. Fink- |
ing, Hermann Huber, O. Lenake. C. Tnierbach. I
Bow, ing— J. Tno<le, William Platt, E. laser. I
Raffle— Captain J. F. Bolts, F. Wagner, H. j
Kosur. A. Huber, L. Bauer, E. H. Goetze, O.
SdMfeld, A. Hagedorn.
Floor Manager— J. Lankenan; committee —
W. Marker, F. Rathjcn.
The Schuetzen Verein and The majority
of the visitors returned to the City by the !
9 o'clock boat exhausted but happy, while j
the unanimous opinion expressed at the !
conclusion of the festivities was that rarely I
has a day been more enjoyed or passed j
away under happier auspines.
When contrasted with the "Teutons'
dread artillery," the other rifle ranges
were quiet and peaceable. Apart from a ;
practice *hoot indulged in by Company I
of the First Infantry, N. G. C. in order to •
prepare for the Mangels and Wieland j
trophy competition a fortnight hence, the
only clubs at Shell Mound yesterday were j
the Independent Rifles and the Naval j
Battalion, both of which held their j
monthly medal shoots. The following are
the scores:
Naval Battalion— J. Peters 34. J. Kearney 41,
E. L. Duncan 37, Oscar Smith 36. J. F. Murphy j
38, — Emmerich 38, Joe Mills 35, D. McMillan
26, D. Weir 38.
Independent Rifles— Sergeant T. M. Zeiring
45, Corporal T. Hau 43. Corporal C. Lindecker !
35, Lieutenant E. Moennmg 32, J. A. Sung 29
Sergeant J. Schneider 28, Sergeant P. 3tade- !
mann 128. F. H. Brenkmann '24, \V. Lindecker
23. C. Hilsz 21, A. Beckmann 20, Corporal C.
Schneider 19, Surgeos F. T. Bond 14.
WANT FAIR ASSESSMENT.
Why Should $30,000,000 Be Added
to the Roil of San Fran
cisco?
It Wou'd Double Rents, Depress Busi.
ness and M.ke Men Leave
the City.
The impression prevails that it is the
intention of the State Board of Equal
ization during the present week to add
I $30,000,000 lo the assessment roll of the
City and County of San Francisco. Prop
erty-owners and tenants are in conse
quence more or less alarnccd, and there
exists among them a general feeling of
ar.eas ness. One of them said yesterday:
"About one-ti ird of the entire State tax
is now paid by Pan Francisco, and interior
counties, in their eagerness to see her
assessment increased, seem to forget that
they will be called upon to sustain a raise
in the following year.
"Last year the assessment of this City
j and County, was increased, despite the
protest of ihe Board of Supervisors, $30,
-000.000, and considering the business de
pression which has prevaiied since then, a
jikp increase now would be equivalent to
$60,000,000. The exisiing standard of
values is very high and equitably there
should be a reduction rather than an in
crease of $30,000,000 in the assessment roll.
"If the increase be made it will, in the
! opinion of competent judges, compel land
lords to double the rents of their tenants,
who will then probably be induced to go
into business in Oakland or some other
neighboring city or town. Then the land
lords will not care to make any further in
vestments and the results will be a general
business stagnation."
"The State Board of Equalization," said
Alfred D. Miesegaes last night, "has in its
mind a standard of full cash value of prop
erty, but just what that is nobody seems
to know. All counties, however, must
conform to it. What is your assessment
in proportion to the true valuation of
property in your county? This is the
question aslced by the Equalizers.
"From their decision an Appeal has
never yet been taken in this State. Ap
peals, though, have benn taken in other
States and can be in this, but as to the
precise method to be pursued I «m not
advised. Property-owners, however, have
an undoubted rieht to petition the
Supreme Court to review the action of the
State Board of Equalization if they think
they have been treated unjustly."
A. Cbesebrough, one of the Equalization
Board, left last night for Sacramento.
FUSION FUSED
INTO A FIZZLE
After a Warm Session the
Conference Failed to
Agree.
ROGERS KNOCKED OUT.
Vann Was Prevailed Upon to
Withdraw and English
Won.
LOS ANGELES DISAPPOINTED.
Barlow of the S xth Chosen in Place
of Harry Patton, Who Was
Induced to Quit.
First District — Cutler (D.), Montelth
(Pop.).
Second Dlntrlct— Do Tries (D.), Ho-
Olaahan (Fop.).
Third District— English (D.).
Fourth District— Magulre (D.).
Fifth i>i»trict —A. B. Kinne (Pop.),
Joseph Kelly (D.).
Sixth District— Barlow (Pop.).
S. reiith District— Castle (Pop.). Mad
dux (D.).
The friends of Warren B. English,
headed by Frank J. Moffltt, after a hard
fight succeeded last night in securing his
nomination as the fusion candidate.
The committee, having failed in its ef
forts at fusion, expended its remaining
strength in finding a soft place on which
to fall, so that tbe dullness of the thud
might not jar too severely upon the ear of
the public.
Finding that they could not agree they
fixfd up matters so that Messrs. Patton
and Vann withdrew and left tbe field open
for English and Barlow, who were chosen
as tbe fusion candidates.
Only one district, the Fifth, was left.
The conference called Mr. Rogers into the
secret shrine and delicately informed him
that the Democratic members' of the com
mittee were afraid that he would not receive
the votes of citizens of the district who did
not believe in A. P. Aism., and that for
that reason he would not be as available a
candidate as was desired.
A. B. Kinne, a Populist member of tbe
committee and of the People's Party State
Cen'ral Committee, was proposed, and
Mr. Rogers withdrew in his favor.
James H. Bar--y was proposed in Rogers'
place by the Democrat who appeared to
be running Ihe whole shnw, bui the Popu
lists objected to him on the ground that
he bad uttered his thoughts concerning
some of their leaders.
The ;Third and Sixth districts were
voted lor together and the joint vote
showed a majority for English. Then a
separate vole was taken and English was
cho-en, one authority says unanimously,
and the other that Leggett voted against
him.
In the separate vote on the Sixth Bar
low >eceived twelve and Patton three
votes, the three being Uemp-ey. Hassett
and Letpett. Vann withdrew in order to
help Barlow, whom the Populists wanted.
It is reported that in a few days Castie
will be prevailed upon to withdraw in
favor of Maddox. That will give the
Democrats five candidates and the Popu
lists only two and those two in the hope
less districts.
The joint conference committee will
meet at 1 o'clock this afternoon to sign
the report to be made by Law. or, Gesford
and Londsborough.
The report will be submitted to the State
Central Committees of these parties for
approval or rejection.
The conference did not adjourn until
midnight
ENGLISH AND BARLOW.
Los Ansreler.es Determined to Have
Whst They Ask.
Thk Call was the only paper in San
Francisco yesterday that gave the true
inwardness of the tight in the Fusion
Conference Committee last Saturday
night.
The assault upon Warren B. English,
Democratic candidate for Congress from
the Third District, by a Democratic fac
tion headed by Daggett, Tarpey, Foote,
McNab, Gould and Budd, was the general
subject of conversation among politicians
yesterday- Interwoven with the little
faction fight is the, reminiscence that Mr.
English while in Congress, voted against
the railroad funding bill, and that be
thereby incurred the hostility of the
Southern Pacific Company.
Thus far that corporation has won every
fight it has made in the fusion commit
tee. It has succeeded in preventing its
enemy, George W. Monteitb, from being
selected as the lueion candidate from the
Pirst District; it has been equally for-
I tunate in the turning down of McGiashan
I from the Second; and on Saturday night
1 it succee ed in causing a deadlock in the
| committee, which had the effect of pre-
I ventui^.', at least for that session, tbe i-e-
I lection of Mr. English as the fusion can
[ didate in that district.
Judge Maeuire was spared for reasons
j which have not yet been brought to Hgi.t.
j Tne Judge Jtands so high with his party
: tbat to have turned him down would
I have brought about a reaction that would
nave been very damaging to the railroad
I company during the present campaign,
and might have awakened an issue whicn
the Populists have discarded for that of
free coinage — namely, the railroad ques
tion, which the company is always willing
to let steep.
J. Taylor Rogers. Populist candidate
from the Fifth District, is Mayor Sutro's
clerk and he is not liked by the Southern
Pacific for that reason, added to the fur
ther one that as a Pojmlist he would be
obliged to make a right against the fund
ing bill. Hence, it surprised no one when
the fact came to licht tbat the committee
would turn him down for some one else,
even if that some oi.e else should be a
Populist.
Yesterday it was reported tbat Rogers'
friends put up a fight for him. He could
be saved if the Populists, or four of the
six in i he committee, would vote lor Pat
ton (Democrat) in the Sixth.
This would leave two Populists on the
ticket, and necessarily the vacant place,
that in the Third District, would have to
be filled with Populist Vann, Rogers being
used as the club to knock out both Eng
lish and Barlow and to knock in Patton.
and thereby please tbe Los Angeles peo
ple and tbe Southern Pacific Company as
well. South of the Tebachapi there is a
large and influential population, and they
demand that the candidate should come
Irom Los Angeles. They say that Mr.
BarJow iives in San Luis Obispo. and that
when he wants to go to Los Angeles, all
the way by rail, he must first come to San
Francisco "and lake ihe train from this
place for tbe citrus land. The Los An
geles people are an energetic crowd, and
they usually obtain what they ask in poli
tics. When they don't get it tbe welkin
shrieks for several consecutive months
thereafter.
The fact that the Southern Pacific Com
Mrs. Chapman-Catt, the Famous Woman-Suffrage Orator.
Last night's overland train broueht to town a little lady who has earned the title
of the "Wonian-suffruge Gatiing-gun" by reason of her splendid achievements in the
battles which the women of the United States are waging for equal political rights.
"Three years and more l:ave passed," she said last night, "since I was last in San
Francisco, and I have missed the pace ever since. Perhaps some may disagree with
me, while other#may think I am 'giving taffy,' but to my mind San Francisco is the
oniy city worth living in. I have heard great tbines of the woman suffrage work here,
and can hardly express my delight at the noble, whole-hearted fashion in which Thk
Call has espoused our cause.
"I hope to do my share in the work of winning (he ballot for Californian women,
thoueh it looka as though the labor would be a lu-ht one, since tha best men in the
State seem to be on our side. In Idaho I think our triumph is assured. All the
political parties have suffrage pranks in their platform?, and the prevailing sentiment
is in favor of the movement. I hope for equal success in our endeavors nere in Cali
fornia."
At Port Costa a delegation headed by Miss Mary G. Hay, chairman of the Woman
Suffrage State Central Committee, boarded the train to welcome the Hew'.y arrived
apostle of political equality, and at the Sixteenth-street station in Oakland another
party, chaperoned by Mesdames Emma B. Sweet and Nellie Holbrook-Blinn, added
their quota to ti>e nuard of honor.
Mrs. Chapnian-Catt, despite her youth, is a woman of singularly commanding
presence, and at the same time most winnin - and attractive in her manner. She will
doubtless do splendid work in the great cause to which she has devoted her talents.
pany has cained whatever it wanted from
the comm tt«*e does not necessarily imply
that a majority of the conference commit
tee are its Dond thralls or even its friends,
but events have no shaped themselves or
have been s aped by o hers outside of the
committee tha the ccrporadon bus been
enabled to take advantage ol them for its
own benefit.
Committees propose, but the Southern
Pacific disposes.
QUEER RULES.
Two Men Could Defeat the Will of
Thirteen.
Tbe plan of action under which the
Fusion Conference Committee of Fifteen
was organized was peculiarly drawn, so
that two of the three silverites absolutely
controlled the entire conference. No man
could be nominated without their consent.
The plan provided that in order to seiect
a fusion candidate the votes of two-thirds
of each or anization would be necessary;
that is, four of the six Democrats, four of
tbe six Populists and iwo of tne three
silver men, making a total vote of ten.
Should a link in the chain be missing,
should a candidate rec ive the votes of six
Democrats, six Populis's and one s lyer
man, making thirteen oui of the hfieon
votes, he wouKi noi be chosen.
It wa3 no doubt with an eye to the
future that this plan was formulated, and
there is no doubt also that the authors of
it. who arranged things so that ten votes
would elect a man and thirteen votes
would defeat him (probably because thir
teen is an unlucky number), hml the
English and other contingencies in their
mind's eye, and prepared themselves to
meet it.
NEW TO-DAT. .
sggifi SNWOODsCO. \^<
i^Ull lot \3307 jf~b &O*^\
> v v ■ ■ ■ *
Tags Tumbled
We've made a slash in prices this week that
outdoes every former effort. We want this week
to be the record-breaker for big sales. No idea
of profit, for we've slashed it off.
All our Men's Wool Sack Suits at $7.50, $9,
$10 and $12, we have cut to the ridiculously low
price of $6.45 ! The price is for this week only,
and you never will again be offered such bar-
gains.
Remember, $6.45 this week only.
The blfif White Labor Factory makes these Suits. A home
Industry saving thousands of dollars to California. Visitors
welcome. • . .. ■
Columbian Woolen Mills
(S. N. WOOD & CO.),
MARKET 541 STREET.
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR.
Interesting and Knthuaiantio Rally at
Westminster Presuy terian Church.
The Christian Endeavorers of Westmin
ster Presbyterian Church held a rally last
evening in place of tne regular service.
M.my Christian Endeavorers from other
churches were present.
J. S. Webster, vice-chairman of the *97
convention committee, presided. The
meeting was opened wich a brief praise
service, followed by Scrip: ural reading and
prayer by Harry Vanderlip. A. S. Jonn
son spoke on "Missionary Worlc in Our
Christian Endeavor Societies." Donald
Mackenzie addres*ed the Endeavorers on
"Spiritual Results of the Convention at
Washington." "Two hundred ana thirty
one thousand young people joined the
church last year through the efforts of the
Chrisiian Endeavor societies," said Mr.
Mackenzie. "Who will say, then, in the
face of these h^ures that the End-avor
conventions and bocieties are not produc
tive of preat grod?"
Koila V. Watt, chairman of the '97 com
mittee, who uas just returned to this City,
took for vis subject "Washington Briefs."
"Tne people at Washington were deeply
impressed with the convention." !<aid Mr.
Watt, "and they could not help being im
pressed, for everywhere they went they
saw the badges of the En<leavorers. Fully
27.000 crowded the great meeting-places.' 1
J. S. Webster then spoke on "San Fran
\ ci>-co, '97." After the consecration ser
[ Vice, which was led by Rev. H. C. Minton,
D.D., the Endeavorers joined in repeating
the Miapah benediction.
Loans on diamonds. Interest low. At Cncle
Harris 1 ! 16 lirant avenue.
SEW TO-DAT.
In consider-
ing a drink that will leave
no enervating effects, no evil
results ; that will be palatable,
easily made and strengthen-
ing to young and old alike,
there can be nothing, nay
more, there never- will be
anything so valuable as cocoa.
That is, cocoa rightly rnade^-
cocoa that comes to your table
pure and fresh.
There is a cocoa made in
'Frisco — Ghirardelli's.
Your grocer gets it as he
needs it — fresh from the
factory. It's original "vim"
and richness of flavor are
all there when it comes to
you.
IF YOU ARE SICK CONSULT
DOCTOR COOK
This renowned specialist guarantees a
positive cure of Sexual and Seminal Weak-
ness, Lost Manhood, Weakening Dreams,
Exhausting Drains, Gonorrhoea, Gleet,
Stricture, Syphilis, Varicocele, Kidney,
Bladder, Blood and Skin diseases, and
diseases of all internal organs. Female.
complaints a specialty. Write if you can-
not'call. Ofhce hours 9t012 a. M., 2 to 5
and 7to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, from 10 to 12 a. m.
only. Address
DOCTOR CO JK, 'ggSgSff fffffi
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Liverpool & London & Globe
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. IX 1895, and fur (.tie year
ending on tbat day. at made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
CAPITA!,.
Amount of capital stock paid up In
Cash $1,228.200 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company .... f 5,797.564 98
Loans on bonds ana mortgages .... 8,348,0ti7 77
Cash market valoe of all stoats and
bonds owned by company "9,116,018 73
Amount of loans secured b,- pledge
of bonds, stocks and o her market* . -V; i ■
abe securities as collateral 2,818,431 54
Cash In banks. 3,165, 700 40
Interest due and accrued on all")
stocks and loans ( ........
Interest due and accrued on bonds f **o,oiv 70
and mortgages. j
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 1,540,774 02
Rents due and accrued 1,746 27
Due from other companies for re-
insurance on losses ai ready paid. 1,106 94
Annuities, life and reversionary in-
terests purchased by the com-
pany... 1,832,896 31
Total assets $53.047.816 68
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid ")
Losses in process of adjustment |
or in suspense }- $728,085 00
Losses resisted, Including ex- 1
penses j
Gross premiums on lire risks run-
ning one year or less, $5.8v2,-
-0*22 76; reinsurance 60 percent . 2,921,01138
Gross premiums on fire rla^s run-
nine more than one year, «4.576,-
-000 71; reinsurance pro rata 2,353,10133
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual lire insurance pol-
icies 331,21581
Liability under life department.... 29,334,740 09
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 14,056 00
All other demands against the
company 849.733 02
Total liabilities ..556.531.942 63
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums ....:. $8,018,492 21
Received for interest and dividends -j
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other s urces 944,663 46
To.al Income $8,960,166 67
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire 1055e5..... $4,391,268 42
Dividends to stockholders 1,283,829 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage  1,208,977 53
Paid . for salaries, fees and other
charges fcr officers, clerks, etc.... 616,707 12
Paid for State, National and local
taxes. 151,610 79
All other payments and expendi-
tures 602,079 90
Total expenditures g8.'J54,462 75
FIRE.
Losses Incurred during the year.... $4,391,258 42
BISKS AND PREMIUMS.
1 Fire Risks. i Premiums.
Net amount of risks '
written during
the year | $2,289,415,250 $11,334,540 96
Net amount of risks
expired during
the year 2.344,242,285 11,374,2£6
Net amount in
force December
1896 j 2,027,508,105 10,418,023 46
J. M. DOVE, Manager.
T. L ALSOP, Sub- Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 14th day
of April. 1896. . W. J. SULIM,
Vice and Deputy United States Consul at Liverpool.
PACIFIC .DEPARTMENT,
... -. j - ■ ■..-, .• .--: -,;
No. 422 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
CHARLES D. HAVEN,
Resident Manager.
56
MONDAY SEPTEMBER 7, 1896
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
■\ •«; .',-v- ■„%" Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
©ally and Sunday Calx,, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mall — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six month*, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Caix, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.60
VTK&XX.Y Call, one year, by mall < 1-60
THG SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation T If
■•, It la no trouble for vi to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Order* given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
MO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE t
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
ftUpbon* Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Mala— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
880 Montgomery street! ecru Clay; open until
8:S0 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkta street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
. stW . corner sixteenth and Mission streets; open
tntil 9 o'clock.
3618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock,
116 Math street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE*
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ. Special Agent.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PRESIDENT
WILLIAM McKINLEY, or Ohio
FOB VICF-PREBIDEXT—
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
ELECTION' NOVEMBER 3. 1896.
One advantage of Democratic fusion
to the Populists is that it will cut their
•wisdom teetb for tbem.
For Republicans of California the watcb
words of the next two months are "har
monize, orcanize and educate."
Democracy may gain something by
fusion with Populists, but whatever the
Democrats gain will be lost to the Popu
lists.
Democrats may mock at tha phrase
"honest money," but the people will do
their mocking at the platform of dislionest
money.
To put money into circulation is the
need of the time, and that can be done
only by a protective tariff that will revive
industry.
"Free silver comape without the con
sent of othernations" isa catching phrase,
but it does not catch anybody who under
stands business
Bryan talks so much sentiment and so
little business that even the leaders of his
own party are beginning to believe he has
no business to talk.
If Bryan doesn't look out he will make
himself so common in the campaign that
he won't be able to make a living as a lec
turer after it is over.
In the day 3of protection and reciproc
ity there were good times in tbis country,
and those tines will come again when
McKinley is elected.
This may be called a campaign of educa
tion, but it begins to look more like a gen
eral preparation for a erand Republican
ratification meeting in November.
"I'll take the turkey and you may have
the crow," says the Democrat to the Popu- i
list, or "you may have the crow and I'll
take the turkey, and now let us fuse."
Even as a speech-maker Bryan is not
measuring up knee high to McKinlev, as
can be seen by reading the speeches the
two men have made since the campaign '
opened.
It would be a matter of passing interest
to know what has become of that scheme
to raise a Popocrat campaign fund by
passing the hat around among the work
ingmen.
The worirer* in the woolen mil's of this
country received $86,000,000 In v.-azes in
1892 and only about $40,000,000 in 1895, and
that is what the Gorman tariff did for that
industry.
Neither free silver nor any other cheap
money device can bring prosperity to a
Nation burdened with a tariff which
operates adversely to the interests of its
own people.
,
According to Sam Jones the attempt of
the Democrats to run a campaign in com
bination with the Populists is like that of
a man trying to climb a ladder with an
armful of eels.
Republican reciprocity treaties opened
profitable markets for the products of
American farms, but these treaties were
abrogated by Democrats, who are now
trying to catch votes by posing as the
friends of the farmer.
The trouble with the country is thnt we
import too much from abroad that ought
to be made at homo, and, while the manu
facturers of Europe receive our money,
our own workingmen are without wages'
and our home markets without cus
tomers.
Silver monometallism would cure none
of the evils of the time, but protection, by
reviving industry and putting money into
circulation, would promote prosperity and
strengthen the Government in the effort
to bring about the free coinage of silver
by international agreement.
By international agreement the Repub
lican party will provide for the free coin
ace of silver under conditions that will
make tbe silver dollar good all round the
world, while the Democratic scheme would
reduce the value of the dollar, would lower
the purchasine power of wage? and would
hardly be of benefit even to the silver
miners.
According to Edward Atkinson, the
free-trade expert, the farmers who in 1892
received over $900,000,000 for their corn,
wheat and oats got only a little over
$.531,000,000 for the same .crops in 1895.
The lesson was costly, and there ought to
be no need fora repetition of it. To many
a workingman this is not so much a par
tisan campaign as a campaign for bread
and butler, and on election day not a few
Democrats will be found voting for Mc-
Kinley and good wages.
BRYAN IS A FREE-TEADER.
Bryan Is a Free-Trader-When
a member of Congress W. J. Bryan
took advantage of every occasion to advo
cate free trade. In March, 1892, and in
January, 1894, he was particularly ve
hement in his denunciation of the policy
of protection to American industries.
Speaking of the principle of protection
Mr. Bryan said: "Now, what is a pro
tective tariff and what does it mean? It
is a simple device by which one man i*
authorized to collect money from his
fellow-men. • • * We welcome to
this country every industry that can
stand upon its feet; but we do not wel
come the industries that come to ride
upon our backs. * * * I want to state,
as emphatically as words can state,
that I consider it as false in economy and
vicious in policy to attempt to raise at a
higii price in this country that which we
can purchase abroad at a low price in ex
change for the products of our toil."
Bryan Is a l'rcc-Trader-Con
earning protection to wool - growers
and wool#n factories Mr. Bryan said:
"Speaking for myself it is immaterial in
my judgment whether the sheep-grower
receives any benefit from the tariff or not.
Whether he does or does not, whether the
wool manufacturer collects a compen
satory duty from the consumer of woolen
goods ana pays it over to the wool-grower,
or collects it and keeps it himself, or
doesn't collect it at all, and therefore does
not need it, I am for free wool."
liryanls a Free-Trader- When
the question of giving proper encour
agement in the shape of a bounty to
American growers of sugar-beets and
sugar-cane was under discussion Mr.
Bryan said: "Some have advocated
the immediate repeal of the bounty and
the imposition of a tariff on supar. Others
have favored the repeal of the bounty
without a duty on sugar. The difference
between a vrotective tariff and a bounty is
simply a difference of form. In the one
case it is open and visible, and in the
other it is secret and hiddeji. There is a
difference between a bounty and a pro
tective tariff that the Bible describes
when it speaks of the 'Destruction that
wasteth at noonday, and the pestilence
that walketh in darkness.' It is the dif
ference between the man who meets you
upon tho highway, knocks you down and
takes what you have, and the man who
steals into your house in the night while
you are asleep and robs you of your treas
ures; and if I had to make choice between
the two I should consider the highway
robber the more honorable, because he
does what he does openiy and before the
world. It is as easy to justify a bounty as
a protective tariff, and it is impossible to
justify either." Bryan is a free-trader.
The free coinage of silver means the single
standard of silver. It means a cheaper dol
lar vith less purchasing power. It means a
reduction in the wages of labor; not in the
number of dollars, but in the quantity of
bread, meat, clothes, comforts he can pur
chase with his daily wages. It means a repu
diation of a portion of all debts, public and
private. It means a bounty to all the banks,
savings institutions and trust companies that
are in debt more than their credits. It means
a nominal advance in prices of the produce
of the farmer, but a decrease in the pur
chasing power of his money. Its chief attrac
tion is that it enables a debtor to pay his
debts contracted upon the existing standard
with money of lens value. — Se7iator tSherman.
AT McKINLEY'S HOME.
Five thousand Pennsylvania voters paid
their respects in person to Major McKin
ley at his home last Saturday, and in the
course of his speech to them he said : "It is
this year, my countrymen, a great cause
for which we contend, commanding the
support of every patriot, for it represents
the National honor and stands for Na
tional prosperity. It involves every
cherished interest of the country and em
braces the welfare of every citizen of the
Republic. It involves the labor and
wages of the people and the earnings ac
cumulated and to be accumulated; the
honor of the country, its rinancial integ
rity, its good name, all are at stake in this
great contest; and every lover of country
must be arousea to duty and quickened to
responsibility in this crisis."
The cause for which the patriotism of
the country is contending this year i 3, as
Major McKinley says, for the Nation's
bonor and National prosperity. There is
no doubt about the gravity ot the situa
tion. The classes that are following
Bryan are stimulated by nope of the
spoils of ofiice, which he has promised as
the price of their labor for him. Others
are espousing his cause because they bate
law and order, and Bryan's attack upon
the Federal judiciary gives them assur
ance that he will make thintrs very easy
for them if he is elected, and still others
are following him because they look for
ward to a general unsettling of trade, com
merce and finance if he shall be elected,
because they hope to proht by the mix
fortunes a Bryan victory would send" over
the country lite a destroying whirlwind.
The cause which Major McKinley stands
for certainly does mean the preservation
of the integrity of the Nation and the re
opening of the highways of industry and
prosperity, and it is comforting to see
men travel by the thousands to another
State to r.ssure the standard-bearer of
right, of law, of order and of prosperity
that they are ready for the fray ; and it is
still more comfortinir to see men who have
hitherto opposed the Republican party
putting aside al! party ties and personal
preference and rallying to the defense of
the principles oi our Government. But
there is reason why they should. Bryan's
managers, with Bryan's hearty approval,
are conducting a campaign which is in
tended, to stir up class hatred and sectional
animosity. Buch things outrht not to be
in this country, and it behooves every
patriot to resolve that such principles as
Bryan proclaims shall iiot prevail. The tics
wnich bind in one common brotherhood
in liberty under law should be stronger
toan tho ties of party in times like these.
Bryan tells our industries and our
Workings**!! that "It is a vicious policy to
attempt to raise at high prices in this
country that which we can purchase
abroad at low prices." If that is not
enough to stimulate wage-earners to a
hearty participation in the effort to pro
tect themselves from the "low- price"
labor of other countries they certainly
care very little whether they have employ
ment or not, and the same is true of our
industries. Major McKinley did not ex
aggerate at all when he tola his Pennsyl
vania visitors that "In this year, my coun
trymen, it is a great cause for which we
contend, commanding the support of
every patriot, for It represents the National
honor and stands lor National prosper
ity." Nor did he more than voice a great
truth when he said: '-Our glorious coun
try has suffered no dishonor in tho past;
it must suffer no dishonor in the future.
The past is secure and glorious. The pres
ent and future are our fields of duty and
opportunity. Those who have preceded
us have done weil their part. Shall we be
less honest and patriotic and brave in the
performance of our part ? In America we
spurn all class distinction. We are all
equal citizens— equal in privilege aud op
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1896.
portunity. In America, thank God. no
man is born to Dower. It has long been
determined that tne philosophy of Jeffer
son is true, and that this, the land of the
free and self-governed, is the strongest as
well as the best Government in the world."
I believe gold, silver and piper should'cir
culate at par, that neither should be driven
from circulation. If Bryan is elected and a
free-coinarje law is passed it will, as I see it,
drive gold from circulation, and we uill be on
a single silver basis. If McKmley is elected
silver will be retained in its place as part of
the money of the Natio7i, gold will not be
driven out and all kinds of money will be of
equal value and purchasing power in tlie
hands of the American people. Any way, I
am taking no chances, and will tote for Me-
Kinley. — Terence V. Pouderly.
THERE IS ROOM AT THE TOP.
In his speech at the Auditorium Satur
day night General Barnes uttered a great
truth when he said "there ought to be no
classes in this Nation, because there is
nothing in this country, either of wealth
or position, of power or energy, that is
not equally open to all." He might have
added tnat only the thoroughly dis
reputable demagogue ever charges that
the people of this country are divided into
classes and that the poor have no cnance
to rise above their environments. The
Bryans are talking a good deal about the
"common people" and the "working
class" to breed hatred among the people,
but every one knows, or should know,
that it is all for political capital.
The truth of the niatte r is, those whom
we cail very rich were once very poor.
There are a few families who are enjoying
wealth that was accumulated in genera
tions of the past, but for the most part the
wealthy men of this country started with
no capital except such as was deposited in
their brain, brawn and energy. It is a
mistake to suppose that opportunity to
accumulate wealth or secure political
preferment is a niatter of favoritism, and
those who preach any other doctrine are
the enemy of those who are striving by
honest effort to acquire a better footing in
the world.
The burden of the purpose of the Re
publican parcy has always been to
strengthen and extend the opportunity of
waee-earners to become proprietors them
selves, and how well it has succeeded is
shown in the ownership of nearly all our
great and small industries. It is the fact
that nearly all our mills and factories
made small beginnings and that they were
put in motion by wage-earners, who de
veloped them into great enterprises by
energy, frugality and business sense. This
is not a Nation of classes so far as oppor
tunity is concerned. Some, yes, very
many of the heads of the great business,
banging and railway enterprises of this
country, commenced as otneeboys. There
always is room at the top in the United
States.
Whin Major McKinhy was striving to up
hold an American policy which would place
our agricultural and manufacturing inter
ests beyond the power of foreigners to injure,
through competition, he did not ask the con
sent of any foreign country; he did not take
counsel from them; he considered what would
benefit the American wage-earner and his
employer. If American manufacturers were
benefited by the McKinley law, so were jlwor
ican workmen, so were American business
vien, and if the day comes when we, as Amer
icans, can go it alone on the money question,
rest assured Mr. McKinley will be as ready
and anxious to take that course as any other. —
Terence V. Powdrrly.
COAST EXCHANGES.
E. 11. Clark has purchased the entire plant
of the Templeton Advance Publishing Com
pany, and he advises the Tcmpletonians that
where a man's financial interests are, there is
where his best efforts will be expended in a
community's behalf. He promises to give his
town a spicy, newsy, local paper.
The Middletown Independent bursts into
»oetry with this "ode to the country editor":
The wind bioweth,
The water floweth.
The subscriber owetb,
And the Lord knoweth
We are in need of dues;
So come a-runntnc,
This thing of dinning
Uives us the blues.
Charles L. Denohue has leased the Banta
Barbara Independent. In his salutatory the
new proprietor says: "It is our ambition to
give to the people of Santa Barbara and vicin
ity a brieht, newsy paper that will be ireo
from any personal attacks whatever, believ
ing our success will largely depend upon the
quality and quantity of news published, and
not in ailing our own personal grievances."
The paper w«s formerly a supporter of the gold
Standard. It remains Democratic, with the
difference that it Hal Bang aside its gold
buckler and lance, and will henceforth doits
fighting with a spear and shield of silver.
On September 1 the Los Angeles Record cele
brated, in a large and creditable edition, its
first anniversary as the pioneer penny paper
of the Pacific Coast. '"It was predicted," says
the Record, "that the penny proposition would
not take iv Los Augeies because of the flight
circulation of pennies in this region, and be
cause of the alleged prejudice that prevails in
this State agaiuot pennies. The publishers,
however, realized that Los Angeles is essen
tially an Eastern city, as its population is in
the main composed of those who have within
six or seven years resided in the East, where
the penuy has been a current coin for thirty
yuars, and who therefore have no prejudice
which old residents of California are sup
posed to have inheritod from the mining days,
when the two-bit and four-bit pieces were the
smallest change. The publishers of the Record
believed that for this reason the common cir
culation of the penny could be brought about
more easily than anywhere else in California,
and the results have demonstrated that they
were correct."
The Plumas National-Bulletin has opened
Volume XXXI. It is an able, substantial
newspaper, and a good authority on mining
matters.
The Santa Barbara Aews reports that there
are seveniy-one oil weils in operation in Sum
merland; that six new wells are being sunk,
and that tho present daiiy production of oil is
350 barrels. The same publication says:
"Within three months mere will be a hundred
weils in operation in Summerland, with a pro
duction or output of from 500 to 600 barrels
por diem. This is a conservative estimate. We
have not yet begun to appreciate what Sum
merlana is or the part it will play in the future
of this city and county."
The Livermore Heraia advises every foothill
farmer in Alameda County to "go to prospect
ing" ; to bore, drill and dig about their farms;
to look for indications of cement, lime, pot
ter's clay, salt, buiidiug stone, glassblower's
sand, gas, oil, coal, manganese, cinnabar, gold
and silver. The reasons for such suggestions
are contained In an article of which the fol
lowing is a liberal extract:
'•On the southern slopes of the hills that
skirt the northern boundary of this county,
about five miles from Livermore, is the farm
of C. G. Munch. Upon this farm there is a 20
-acre patch covered with springs, more or less
mineral in their quality, and abundant in their
flow. Most of them are mildly flavored with
sulphur and iron and one or two of them are
quite briny. For years there has been running
to waste from these springs immense quanti
ties of the finest natural gas, and no one knew
it. Mr. Munch could now illuminate his house
and provide himself with all the fuel for Heat
ing anu cooking purposes by simply catching
the natural discharge of gas from these
springs. The people of this valley are in prac
tical and unmindful Ignorance of what is un
der their feet. Mr. Munch has simply con
[ tented himself to plod aloug iv the ggod. o ;d.
-fashioned way, plowing and seeding and har
vesting. He never thought that his ranch
could be good for anything else. But sur
rounded as his place is by surface indications
of coal, gas and oil, Mr. Munch may cultivate
the faith that there is untold wealth under his
plantation.
"Last week yonng Farmer Berry finished
building a perpendicular addition to the bot
tom of his well". When his auger hit a tongh
formation about sixty feet down he stopped,
and the water rose ten feet in his well. The
gas is now bubbling up in the water. The
Berry well is about a mile from the Munch
farm and about half a mile from the historic
well on the Thome place, wnich in an early
day took fire and so frigiitened the people that
they gathered en masse and tilled it up lest it
burn the whole country up. In this neighbor
hood is a farm upon which the squirrels throw
up from their burrows line coul. It is in this
same neighborhood that gas and petroleum
are running day and night from wells and
springs on the Brown farm. And yet nothing
is being done to prospect tne country and de
velop its magnificent possibilities. This valley
is full of mineral wonders and the time is
close at hand when astonishing reveiadons
will make lethargic capitalists disgusted with
themselves because they did not take the
trouble to investigate this country.
"Only a few weeks ago a poor farmer in So
noraa County struck a rich ledge of quicksilver
while sinking a well near his house. Most of
you farmers confess you have worn your lands
out and that you can't mane ranching pay.
Then why don't you put forth a little exertion
iv underground exploration. It is speculating
for big stakes at small risks."
The San Bernardino Free Press has been
gre ally enlarged and improved.
Gird & Goodwin have commenced the publi
cation of the Silver A<lv<xcUc at San Bernardino.
Its gospel is: "The :ree and unlimited coinage
of silver by the United States, regardless of the
action of European nations."
E. P. and A. F. Clarke have purchased the
interest of E. W. Holmes in the Riverside
Daily Press, and have signalized their entry
into complete possession by enlarging and im
proving the paper. The Press ranks among
the leading newspapers of the southern part of
the State, and is doing excellent work in this
campaign for the party of protection and 100
-cent dollars.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The Himalaya, troopship in the British navy,
has outlived her usefulness in active service,
and is being converted into a coal hulk for
Devonport. The Himuluya was built at BlacK
wail, and was launched on the Queen's birth
day, May 24, 1851. She was shortly after
sold to the Government, and remained in act
ive service from February, 1854, up to within
a year. The purchase price was $050,000, and
nearly $3,000,000 has been expended oo her
in new engines, boilers and repairs to hull
during the forty-one years' service. It is said
that tne iron bull is still in a splendid condi
tion, good for an indefinite number of years.
The Terrible, British navy, of 14,200 tons
and 25,000 horsepower, recently completed at
the yard of J. and G. Thomson, on the Clyde, is
said to be a failure. Labouchere claims that
all naval experts criticize the ship severely as
being unwieldy, with an inadequate arma
ment, and presenting an extensive target for
either shell or torpedo. She and her sister
ship, the Powerful, are both copper-sheathed,
Intended to reach a speed of 22 knots. The
contract price was $3,160,000 for the Terrible,
and $3,185,000 for the Powerful. The Colum
bia and Minneapolis, in the United States
navy, of 7350 tons ana trial speeds of 22.8
and 23.07 knois, cost $2,725,000 and $2,690,
-000 respectively.
There has been quite a number of "Ter
ribles" in the British navy, and also several
privateers by that name. A notable and des
perate engagement took place December 23,
17r>7, between the English privateer Terrible
and the French privateer Vengeance. The
Britisher was captured after a stubborn fight,
in which the captain and half the crew were
killea and the remainder wounded. It is re
called as a singular combination of dread ctr-
cumstances that the Terribfe had been fitted
out at Execution dock, was commanded by
Captain Death, the first lieutenant was known
as "Devil," and the surgeon was called
•'Ghost."
Phenomenal speeds have been developed by
recently built topedo-boats, notabiy in France
and England. The British torpedo-boat de
stroyer Desperate made a mean speed of 31.035
knots, or 35% statute miles, on four runs over
the measured mile course, and the Forban, the
latest French boat, made 31 knois. As the
Desperate has a length of 200 feet against the
Forban's 144.2 feet, the latter is unquestion
ably much the faster boat. The Forban, how
ever, is of very little practical use, as her coal
bunker capacity is only 15 tons, aliowing only
very short spurts of this exceptionally high
speed. Tho Desperate and her class carries
trom 60 to 70 tons of coal.
Diana of 5600 tons, copper-sheathed, built
by the Fairfield Shipbuilding Company for the
British navy, was launched in the short time
of 235 working days. The Eclipse, sister ship
to the Diana, built at the Portsmouth dock
yard, was launched exactly seven months after
her first keel plate had been laid.
The Entrecasteaux, French protected cruiser,
was recently launched at La Seyne. She is of
8114 tons, and intended to develop a speed of 19
knots. She is nearly an exact counterpart of
tlie United States cruiser New York.
The French Minister of Marine favors the
triple-screw system so successfully applied in
the United States cruisers Columbia and Min
neapolis. He recommends the building of im-
proved vessels of the Dupuy de Lome type, to
be 8300 tons' displacement and to carry two
nine-inch quick-tiring guns. The latter in
crease in quick-firing caliber from 6 inches to
9 inclus is probably an incorrect statement.
Argentina and Brazil are active making ad
ditions to their navy. The former has uur
chased two fine cruiser* from Italian builders
of 6840 lonr and 20 knots' speed. Brazil has
ordered several email vessels from Germany,
Engiand and France. The Coramura, a tor
pedo gunboat of 1030 tons, recently launched
at Kiel, is guaranteed to make a speed of 23
knots.
LITTLE MR. BY-AND-BY.
Little Mr. By-and-By,
You will mark him by his cry,
And tbe way he loiters when
Culled again and yet ngsin —
Glum if he must leave Hi.: play, ,
Though all time be holiday.
Little Mr. By-and-By,
Eyes cast down and mouth awry.
In the mountains of the moon
lie is known as hretty iSoon;
A nd he'.s cousin to Don t Cure,
As, no doubt, you're well aware.
14ttle Mr. By-and-By
Always has a fretful "Why?"
When he's asked to come or go,
Like bis sister— Susan Slow.
Hope we'll never— you nor I—
Be like Mr. By-»nd-By.
CiiNTojc fccoiXAKD in the Watchman.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
THE PER CAPITA CIRCULATION.
Correction of AN Error IN DISPATCHES
Which Is Misleading Many People. .
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sib:
The per capita circulation of all kinds of
money In the United States has been given
at $22 55 by nearly ail the papers during the
campaign, and in the silver edition of the Ex
aminer last Sunday the statement was re
peated, so we must consider the statement a
lact, or nearly correct at least.
In The Call yesterday was a telegram from
Washington In which it was stated that a
Treasury statement shows that all kinds of
money in the United States, outside of what is
?«n d fi^ th £, treasury, aggregated $1,539,
-109,634. or )jfj 48 per capita on an estimated
population of 71,649,000. This is on the nrst
day of September, and a. compared with last
year there had been a withdrawal of $64,413,
-394, or nearly $1 per capita. •
Some Popocratic friends of mine saw the
statement and cut it out of the paper to show
around town as proof of the statements their
jeaaers that the country was suffering from a
lacs of money. I was impelled by curiosity to
perform the division : and find that in some
way or other a mistake was made in transmit
ting the mesßa«o and that the amount per
W, 1 a% now in circulation is not $2 48, but
*-i 48. This is more ; like the figures we have
u-en accustomed :o read / and the mistaka
should be corrected. It is marvelous how
ranny people have ; cut out ; that little state
ment and are using iit to convince others to
think as they do. 1 have come across many.
Yours respectfully, Ernest McCULtOUOH.
baufranciMJO.Jsept. &, 13%.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
C. Steenbergh, who about five years ago be
gan cultivating the canaigre on a large ranch
near Brentwood, in Contra Costa County, le at
the Lick.
Mr. Steenbergh says he now has about 200
acres which are devoted to canaigre, and he
hopes in time to make considerable money out
of the business. But he says that growing the
plant and getting ready to realize dividends is
slow woric.
There is so much about the plant to learn.
Then, too, just how to prow it in the most ex
peditious and economical way is a problem
that with all its varied phases stays by the
grower for a long time. Mr. Steen burgh will
C. Steenbergh, Manager of the Big Canaigre Rancho, Near Brentwood.
[Sketched from life by a "Gotf" artist.]
not beeln to harvest the first crop till next
year.
"The canaigre is asleep now," he said, in his
impressive way. "It sleeps in the summer and
grows In winter. It will be about December 1
before it will start in growing again.
"An average crop is from ten to twelve tons
an acre. About the tannery that has been
talked of from time to time, I hope to have
one built by next year, when we harvest our
first crop.
"Yon see it takes lots of capital to get a
caniagre enterprise like this started, and as
capital has, with this as with most enter
prises during the past few years, been slow,
we had to do the best we could. I think we
shall come out all rieht in the end, and that
the canaigre industry willeventually be a great
one in California."
The canaigre is to be used as a substitute for
tanbark, which has been growing compara
tively scarce in recent years. The canaigre is
said to have proved a good substitute when It
has been tried.
Macgrane Coxe of New York City, the re
cently appointed United States Minister to the
republics of Guatemala and Honduras, is at
the Palace Hotel awaiting the departure of the
steamship Colon, which will sail to-morrow
lor Central American ports. Mr. Coxe is a
young man, a lawyer by profession, and a
prominent figure in Gotham clubaom. He be
longs to the Century Club and the University
Club, conceded to be the best clubs in New
York, the Dramatic Club, the Tuxedo Club and
to several other similar organisations peculiar
to social aud business distinction and good
fellowship. Graduating from Yale University
in '79 Mr. Coxe entered the Columbia Law
School, from which he was graduated in '81.
Since that time he has been a practicing at
torney in the metropolis, making a specialty
of corporation law. During President Cleve
land's first administration he was appointed
by him United States District Attorney of New
York. His present appointment was also made
by President Cleveland, and is what is kuown
as a vacation appointment, made by the chief
executive during the recess ot Congress to till
an unexpected vacancy, for the former incum
bent, General P. M. B. Young of Georgia, died
recently, shortly aiter his arrival in New
York. The tenure of Mr. Coxe's office is there
fore conditional upon the continuation of his
appointment when Congress again convenes.
But theie is little probability that he will not
be permitted to continue to enjoy his posi
tion la the city of Guatemala, which he will
make his diplomatic residence. This is Mr.
Coxe'a first visit to the West, although he has
been in Mexico. He says that it i.i not neces
sary for a Minister to speak the language of
the country to which he is sent, as all diplo
matic matters are written and spokeu in the
language of the Minister's country.
PERSONAL.
W. H. Hatton, an attorney of Modesto, is at
the Lick.
\V. P. Thomas, a UUah lawyer, la visiting at
the Grand.
A. L. Hobbs, a lawyer of Fresno, is a late
arrival at tne Lick.
Guy B. Barham, the Los Angeles Police Com
missioner, Is a guest at the Baldwin.
A. A. Taylor, editor of the Santa Cruz Burf,
arrived at the California last night.
J. D. Carr. the capitalist and land-owner of
Salinas, la staying at the Occidental.
B. D. Pagan, a merchant of Whatcom, Wash.,
is among those registered at tne Grand.
£>. A. Ostrom, who owns ranches near Yuba
City, Is among the guests at the Grand.
J. L. Gill, a wholesale druggist of Omaha, is
one of the latest arrivals at the Palace.
J. Churchill, mining man and rancher of
Yreka, is a recent arrival at the Grand.
Railroad Commissioner \V. L. Clark of Stock
ton is making a short stay at the Baldwin.
L. E. Justin, a racehorse man from Portland,
Or., is making the Lick his temporary head
quarters.
Captain J. J. O'Connell, United States army,
stationed at Angel Island, is a guest at the
California.
Ex-Superior Judge C. G. "Watson of Ashland,
Or., arrived at the Rust yesterday with his!
iellow-townsmen, R, P. Neil, a business man, I
and E. D. Briggs, who buys ore and brings i
to this City.
A. B. Glasscock, lessee of the Sentinel Hotel
in the Yosemite Valley, is registered at the
Occidental.
W. H. Pearce and James Paull, interested in
the quicksilver mines at New Almaden, are
guests at the Buss.
George W. Smith and George Bennett, each
of whom has a store at Forks of Salmon and is
interested in mines at that place, are staying
at the Russ.
E. S. Babcock. the Coronado capitalist, who
Is half owner of the great Hotel del Coronado
and president of four or five of San Diego's
largest corporations, arrived at the Palace
yesterday with his wife.
A HOUSE GOWN OR WRAPPER.
Loose, gracefully flowing gowns of lawn,
dimity, gingham or any of the numerous
washable fabrics are indispensable to the
woman who desires comfort at home. The one
shown here is made on exceedingly simple
lines, having a bias back Jseam to supply
the necessary fullness in the skirt; neither
shlrrines nor pleatlngs are needed. It has no
seams but shoulder and uuder-arm. besides
the bias one in the back, so it appeals to the
woman who wishes to make It herself. The
sleeves are of the popular and deliehtful
bishop-shape, unllned. They are supplied with
a draw-string at the wrist, which, being with,
drawn, facilitates laundering. Tne large col
lar may be made separate, the neck being fin
ished with a band over which ribbon collars
are worn.
A pink and white striped lawn had the collar
bound with pink washable ribbon an inch
wide. A collar of the same ribbon three
inches wide finished the neck. Ruffles on the
sleeves were also bound witn ribbon.
A white lawn wrapper with cherry-colored
ribbons was a dainty-looking <rarment. The
collar and sleeves were trimmed witn ruffles
of lawn edged with narrow Valenciennes lace,
a hulf-inch insertion being let in half an luch
from the lace.
A blue and white gingham had a collar of
blue lawn edge! with Valenciennes lace. The
collar was sewn to the neck of the wrapper
with no band or folded collar to add warmth
China or Japanese silks are delightful for
£?h* gg K Was> {?r? r hey lnu:j der beautifully,
both white and colors. A frill ot white or
creamy lace makes a charming decoration
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Winifred Dixon. a woman, has been ap-
Dublhf exammer in ssuer * cr y m the College of
Herr Lotalr yon Faber of Nuremberg, who
M rte Wyrewa, a French decadent critic, says
that Stuart Merrill and Francis Viel-Grlffln Vre
the only poets that America now owns
Mr. Smyser of Summerville, Georgia, in his
S 6 "' >•««. hai Put seven bullets into
a two-inch builseye a^aranjte of sixty feet.
It is claimed that John Morley and Edmund
Burke resemble each other more closely than
SSe?° Btateßmen that Great Britain has pro
n«^H ; ? W6> Bays the Boston Transcript, often
used to stay at the house of that faithfuYfriend
of all Beechers, Hon. M. P. Kennard, who is
tae only one left, by the way, of that brllliut
old Boston set which included James T. Field
and Edwin P. Whipple.
Prlnoe Oscar BernaiioUe, the second son of
the present King ot Sweden and Norway, has
a Sunday-ECliool for the children of the higher
classes.
The Rev. J. B. Smitn, pastor of the African
Methodist Episcopal Zion Church of Troy, who
lins just did, was prominent in the G. A. R.
and the Republican party.
Prince Auguste d'Arenberg, the new presi
dent of the Suez Canal Company, is we'l
posted on European affairs and has "more than
once shown himself to be an opponent of
England.
Marvin Chapin, who founded the Massosoit
House of Springfield, -Massachusetts, celebrated
his ninetieth birth.lay recently by giving a re
ceptioii at his home In Springfield Hels in
good health and attends personally to ail hi«
many business interests.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
A Land Patent-W. H. 0.. Copperopolis Cal
An agricultural patent to land guarantee* to
the holder all the mineral land lt hit 1 I
discovered upon it. nd that may be
Tariff on WOOL— A. a. s Ann ff« v r
County Cal. I n 1883 the tariff on^
ported into the United States was 10 and
cents per pound, in l«')o unri»r h m?- 12
THE Stakdard-a. S., City. A circular re-
IThISfS «,° a the Treaaury Apartment
of the United State, says the money B stem of
the United States is gold and silver, but it is
claimed that the country is monometallic be
cause silver is coined only for the purposes of
the Government, and that an individual nr»
senting silver bullion at the mints cannot
have the same coined into silver dollars a* he
can gold coined into coin" aoI1 «s. as he
Sixteen TO Oni-S. G., City. The question,
"What is meant by 16 to ir has been an'
swered several times. The demand for free
coinage at the ratio of 16 to l a a demand that
the Government shall coin all silver presented
«t the mints on such a basis that a silver dollar
shall contain sixteen times as much "etal «
there Is contained of gold in a goia dollar; iv
Other words, it Is a demand that the Govern
ment shall assume that silver is worth on*
sixteenth as much as gold and shall coin all
the silver presented on that basis.
. Woolsack —M. M., Porterville, Cal. Tho
woolsack is the seat of the Lord Chancellor of
England In the House of Lords, when acting
as presiding officer of that body. It is a square
bag of wool, without back or arms, covered
■with red cloth and was originally intended to
be emblematic of the fact that wool was the
great staple production of England. In the
reign of Queen Elizabeth an act of Parliament
was passed to prevent the exportation of wool
and that that source of national wealth might
be kept constantly in mind wool tacks were
placed in the House of Peers whereon the
Judges sat. Hence the Lord Chancellor, who
presides in the House of Lords, is said to "sit
on the woolsack," or to be "appointed to the
woolsack." A collator of ancient English
customs says that the jvoolcack first came
into use during the reign of Edward 111,
1327-77. '
! Standard Dollabs.— H..Nordhoff, Ventura
County, Cal. The statement that "the silver
dollar is not held up to the gold dollar by the
legal tender laws and not by the redemption
in gold, because the standard silver dollars are
not now redeemable in gold, either in law or
by administrative policy," Is correct. The
regulations of the Treasury Department
provide that "fractional silver coins
and coins of copper, bronze or copper-nickel
may be presented in sums or multiples of $20,
assorted in denominations in separate pack
ages, to the Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer
for redemption or exchange into lawful money
and standard dollars /or exchange into silver cer
tificates only." For a time the sub-treasury at
San Francisco did, as a matter of accommoda
tion, exchange standard dollars for gold, but
about the Ist of August there was received a
notice that the rule above quoted must be
strictly followed.
Townsend's California glace fruits, 500 lb.
in Japanese baskets. 627 Market St.. Palace. *
•• — — •
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Prau
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
■ .. — — « ; j
- First boy (to second boy, who has been fish,
ing}— Catch anything?
Second boy — haven't been home yet.—Bal
timore Life. ,^__^^^^^^^^^
Are You Going Kant?
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Sao ta F«
route — Is the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to Its elevation and absence from
alKali dust. Particularly adapted for the trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run dally through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar and iv
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. San
Francisco Ticket office. 644 Market street, Chron.
lcle building. Telephone, Main 1531. Oakland
1118 Broadway.
••Mrs. Winglnw'a Soothing Syrnn"
Has been used over HO yean by millions of mothsri
for their children while Teething with perfect sa>
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gams, all an
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels an I
Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arlala{
/rom teething or other causes. For sale, by Drug
gists in every part of the world. Be sure and a*«
lor Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing syrup, '-uto » uo;u*
•—«• — «■ — «—« —
Coboxado.— Atmosphere is perfectly <\rr. *t+t
and mild, being entirely free from the mists ootn
mon further north. Hound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at ma ilowlij:
Coronado, $60: longer stay $ 2 50 per^*/. <*■*>*/
%«.\».-w a-oiugoniery st., Ban Francisco.
As an expectorant, Ayer*s Cherry Pectoral
instantly relieves the bronchial tubes of the
mucus that obstructs and Irritates them.
« *■ — •
Kali, styles Standard Patterns, catalogue free,
"Domestic" office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
« ♦ »
"Pop, what is inertia?" '■%?■.
"Well, if I have it it is pure laziness, but if
your mother has it it is nervous prostration.
Chicago Record.
• mew to-datj
fIJsMPS
Q. 25 DINNER SET
s " ___ complete for 6 persons, 54 piece*.
«.75 DINNER SET
*■* complete for 12 persons, 100 pieoe*.
Best quality Semi-Porcelain Ware.
4.-75 DINNER SET
~— " Decorated, for 6 persons, 54 piece*.
7.75 DINNER SET
Decorated, for 12 persons, 100 pieces
Guaranteed Very Best Quality. • ,
PRETTY DECORATION.
Will Cost You Double Elsewhere.
SEE THEM.'
FRUIT i £&»« Boz. Pints,
I A K\i \ 55c per Doz. Quarts.
JARS. I i sc P er Uoz - Half Gallons.
Vw/. l 3UC per Ooz. Jolly Glasses.
Great American Importinß; Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES!
1344 Mfr ket st. M 6 Ninth st.
2510 Mission st. 218 Third st.
140 Sixth st. 3008 Fillmore St.
617 Kearny «t. 965 Market st.
1419 Polk St. 3006 Sixteenth St.
•521 Montgomery ay«. 104 .Second st.
333 Hayes st. 3285 Mission st.
5a Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth St.
Ui San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, 0*kla««
__^ 1355 Park St.. Alameda.
The most certain and safe Pain Remedy. Instantly
r%Uev»B and soon cures all Colds, Hoarseness, Son
Throat, Bronchitis, Congestions and Innamma*
liaii* 6Uc per bocuo. bold by Dru»iiUl4MONDAY SKI'TKMBER 7, 3886
AMUSEMENTS.
BAUmrs Thkatkr — "Madame Sam Gene."
California Thkater.—" On the Bowery."
tuLVMBiA Thkatkr— "The Wife."
Moftoxrn'9 <■ ' i i-.A-Uoust— "The Great Brook-
lyn Handicap."
Tivoi-i cfkha-Housk.— "Lucia," .
Orphkck— Hljrh-Ciftss Vamlev!ll«.
ArozAK Thkatku.-" All the Comforts of
Home."
fcCTno r.ATHS— and performances.
M»cot Tin- Chutes— Dally "i iittigut street,
< re tlock tusi in the Park.
Cibcus— At Central Park.
Mechanics' Ixstiiute Pavilion— Twenty-
ninth Industrial Exposition. • "
AUCTION SALES.
IV L. H. Kurd- day (Monday), Furnl-
lr.ro, ci 106 Larkln St., near Hayes.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
President Jordan tells of strange experiments
in mental photography.
The Armory Club has arranged its pugilistic
■ programme lor the evening ot October i).
The State convention of Spiritualists met
yesterday In iufounal session in Golden Gate
Hall.
The enp cricket matches yesterday resulted
in easy victories lor the Pacific and Alameda
Clubs.
The handball courts were crowded yesterday
and several close and exciting games were
played.
The swimming race around the Seal Rocks j
has b»»en declared off on account of the danger
attendant.
Colonel William It. Shatter, First Infantry,
will occupy tho line use at Black Point lor
several mo nth a.
The home? of the Native Sons will be deserted
to-morrow night. A general exodus for Stock
ton will be thj cause.
Thirty stonecutters are at work in the Park
cuttinit the granite for the facing of the tunnel
under the main drive.
Mrs. Carrie Chapman-Catt, a well-known
woman suffrage orator, arrived in town by
last night's overland train.
White Chief, Flashlight, Don Caster, Light
ning and Jim Daly won in the various events
at the coursing parks yesterday.
■ Lobor day exercises will be held at Metro
politan Temple to-night under the auspices of
the San Francisco Labor Council.
Adjutant-General Barrett has secured 3000
haversacks and a like number of canteens and
meat ration cans for the National Guard.
Dr. Cyrus W. Teed of Chicago lectured yester
day to an appreciative audience upon the
fundamental principles of Koreshan Unity.
The socialists held a public meeting on the
corner of Market street and Grunt avenue yes
terday. The police did not offer to iuterfere.
Superintendent McLaren of Golden Gate
Park has received seeds from Madagascar from
which trees with leaves thirty feet high grow.
The Pacific Coast Marine Engineers have
declared that Union 35 is a class association
unfairly managed in the interest of a chosen
few.
The Governor has appointed a board of three
officers of the National Guard to make inquiry
as to what equipment the guard is now most
in need of.
W. T. Fleenor of Seattle addressed the Good
Citizenship meeting yesterday afternoon upon
the topic: "Is Papahsin Conservative of Good
Government?"
Charles Mitchel, a carpenter out of work, de
liberately broke a window in the City Hall
yesterday morning and was arrested for ma
licious mischief.
The St. Icnatlus College ball team beat the
Pacifies at tne Presidio Park yesterday by a
score of 16 to 9. The San Francisc% klayers
beat the Oaklands— ll to 7.
The packet of the New York Journal and
San Francisco Examiner bicycle relay will
reach its destination, New York, about noon
to-day, thirteen days irom this City.
Four boys entered the Star of the Sea Church
on Eighth avenue and Point Lobos road yes
terday afternoon, raising a disturbance, and
two of them were arrested for being drunk.
Henry Meyer, a waiter, entered the room of
J. K. Mail, a guest at the Marechal Niel Hotel,
Ellis and Jones streets, early yesterday morn
ing and was arrested on a charge of grand
larceny.
Rev. Dr. Chalmers Easton, the moral sup
porter of Sidney Bell, who was convicted of
murdering young Jacobson, has returned to
this City, and is now in charge of the Trinity
Presbyterian church pulpit.
Rev. Edward P. Dempgey addressed a con
gregation at the cathedral last evening upon
the life and labors of St. Vincent de Paul, the
founder of the Order of Sister* of Charity and
other institutions of similar aims.
General W. H. H. Hart has just returned
from New York, where he has been for several
mouths in the interest of local Harlem heirs.
He says the only thing now necessary is for
the people directly interested to establish
their claims.
Salvador Romero and Mrs. Rena Garcia of
Redwood City were found dead in the Alpha
lodging-house, corner of Market and East
streets, last evening. He had evidently shot
the woman with a revolver and then turned
the weapon on himself.
The San Francisco Schnetren Verein held its
thirty-eighth annual festival at Shell Mound
Park yesterday, the principal feature of the
day's programme Dein? a shooting competi
tion for $400 cash prizes. The festival as a
whole proved very successful.
J. Stanley Brown, Garfleld's son-in-law and
superintendent of the North American Com
mercial Company, arrived here yesterday, nine
and a half days from Unalaska, with C. H
Townsend of the United States Fish Commis
sion and of the present Bering Sea Commis
sion. Mr. Brown brought down 30.000 seal
skins and reports that Dr. David Starr Jordan
and party are accomplishing invaluable re
sults. Dr. Jordan will start for home from the
Pribilof Islands on the 20th of this month
LIBERTY CYCLERS' RACE.
T. White Won the Event at San Leandro
and Made Best Time— Freeman
Returns.
The Liberty Cycling Club held a five,
mile road race over the San Leandro course
yesterday. T. Wnite won the event and
also made best time. 12:47. The positions
of the riders were as follows:
£ Contestaxt. Handicap, Ne ' ■ »I<»n.
5" . time.
'
1 T. White :30 12:47
2 i R. .Palmer 2:30 14:55
3 . H. Wahnig :30 J3:15
4 W. Kiel berg 1:80 14:20
& i . Koch • 2:00 15:21
6 C. l>ieb 1:00 14: 5
7 Joseph Holle ' 2:30 15:55
8 F. K. Haley | scratch 13:25
9 A. hcheib. I scratch 13:25
H. B. Freeman, the well-known racer,
returned from the north yesterday, and
m&v ride at the San Jote meet Wednes
day.
The Wheelmen's Municipal Leapue will
meet to-night at #he rooms of the Bay
City Wheelmen, 441 Golden Gate avenue.
NEW TO-DAY.
The Secret of a Beautiful Slim
Soft, white bands, shapely nails, and luxuriant
hair, with clean •wholesome scalp, is found in tha
perfect action of the Pours, produced by CUTI-
CURA. SOAP, the moet effective akin purifier,
and beautifier In the world.
Bold throughout the trorld. Potter Drtto akd Cniu-
ictL Co«ro*AXjo.t, Sole Fropnctori, DMton. __
SENTIMENT
AND SUICIDE
A Young Man and Woman
Found Dead in a Lodg
ing-House.
FROM REDWOOD CITY.
They Passed Their Last Day
en Earth WritiDg Fare
well Letters.
"PLEASE ETJRY US TOGETHEE."
H; Closed His Literary Efforts With
Quotations From Gloomy
Verse.
Last eveninjr, about 6 o'clock, Salvador
Romero and Mrs. Rena Garcia, residents
of Redwood City, were found dead in
each other's arms in room 6 of the Alpha
lodging-house, on the corner of Mar
ket and East streets. They had commit
ted suicide by shooting, after leaving
several letters written In a despairing sen
timental strain stating their inten tion to
kill themselves.
The couple came to the place at 5 o'clock
Saturday evenine nnd took a room. They
did not register nor tell their names, and
Mrs. Luikins, tbe landlady, states that the
man and woman did not give any infor
mation regarding themselves, except that
they were short of money, but expected
to get some.
The woman appeared to be about 25 years
old and the man several years younger.
In his pocket, alter death, was found a
nickel, and iv her's a tiny, loaded, barrel
less revolver of a peculiar pattern. She
was clothed in a white muslin dress, a
brown coat and white straw hat, and he
in a dark coat und vest and light-blue
trousers.
They remained in their room Saturday
night and most all day yesterday.
About 6 o'clock last evening Joseph Luf
kins, the landlord, knocked at their door
and, receiving no answer, entered the
room through a window facing on East
atreet.
Their silence was at once explained.
The pair lay partially on a sofa and a
chair, locked in each other's arms, lifeless.
On the lioor near them was a small re
volver, and a bullethole in the breast ol
each told of its fatal work.
The two gaping wounds were directly
over the hearts of the man and woman,
showing that the shots were fired by a
band that never faltered. He must bave
shot her as she sat on the chair by the side
of the small sofa on which he was reclin
ing, and as she sank over against him he
drove the second builet into his own heart.
And ihey died there without a struggle— a
double death well planned and well exe
cuted.
While the day sped by bringing the
night that would know no morning they
wrote. Both were Spanish, and sentiment,
mingled with despair, marked the paces
they penciled. The first note was to the
Coroner. "We have just a few more mo
ments to waste, the times Hies sway," it
said. "Please bury us tozether. Oh, if
we could knee! at your side and beg jou
better than in this letter. Farewell. S.
Romero and Rena Garcia."
Then the woman Rena Garcia took the
pencil and a sheet of note paper and wrote
to her brother and sister. Bhe spoke of
"Pellie," who would have something dis
creditable to say about her, and ended: "I
am tired of this world; good night."
Then the young man wrote to his
mother. It was a pathetic farewell:
If I could hear again your voice how happier
would I die. • • • but I shall be dead and
gone. • • • I love you till the last. You
would never have lost me if you had only
thought what you said before. • • • a sweet
farewell to you and sisters. • • • Taking
this revolver in my hand we bid you farewell.
• • • Bury us together, we wish to keep
together * • • Good-night, forever. Your
SOQ i S. ROMKKO.
Then she took the pencil again and
wrote to her husband, telling him she
could not live any longer and must die:
lam tired o f this life and such people. lam
not leeling the least well and you know It your
self. • • • You came in Jike a wild beast
scolding me. • • • So we must part. • • •
Your family does not like me, so I think you
are better off. Your true wife,
Rena. R. Garcia.
The writer dropped the pencil for all
time and her companion laid his weapon
aside to add the quotations beginning:
Tread »oMy, bow the head.
In solemn silence bow;
No bell doth toll.
Yet an Immortal soul
Is passing now.
Then he wrote, "One more kiss let m c
press on those lips that never deceived me
** * for they will be cold and silent
now."
So the lines ran on till the close, then
he shot her. then himself and the Morgue
wagon carried them away.
PUGILISTS SIGNED.
The Armory Club Has Arranged Its
Programme for the Evening of
October 9.
The Armory Club has arrang ed a fist.c
programme for the evening of October 9
by signing Lou Agnew, the clever Chicago
lightweight, who recently defeated Billy
Aksrs, and Spiier Kelly, the conquerer of
Gus Herget. These men will box ten
rounds at 135 pounds, and will post a for
feit of $100 each to weieh in on the evening
of the fight at that limit.
Billy Shannon and Billy Lewis of Den
ver will box eight rounds at 150 pounds on
tbe same eveniii :.
The third battle will be between Jimmy
Anthony, the Australian champion ban
tam, and two men, Tom Cooney of Massa
chusetts and Billy Fay of this City, Au
thony to knock each out in six rounds,
with a half-hour rest between bouts.
•> — «—•« — •
TO-MORROW NIGHTS EXODUS,
San Francisco Will Be Mmm Her Na
tive Sons on Wednesday.
To-morrow evening the City parlors of
the Native Sons will take up their march
for Stockton. The parade will form on
Mason street, near the N. B. G. W. Hall,
and will oass through several of the prin
cipal streets to the ferry.
The young men will be garbed in pretty
uniforms— each parlor choosing its own
dress and with brass bands, drum corps,
bombs and red the they will make a t howy
display, such as has never been seen in
San Francisco.
At Oakland they will be joined by the
transbay parlors, and the special trains
will bear them away to the fair Valley
City. Several parlors will go by the river
route, and will make a water excursion of
the trip.
A Modem Portrait.
There will be placed on exhibition at Vick
ery's gallery on Post street to-day a portrait of
George Alfred Rogers, designer of wood carv
ing to the Queen. The picture was painted in
London by Frederick Yates and wns exhibited
last year in the Paris Salon and subsequently
exhibited in the new gallery. It fairly repre
sents one of the highest achievements of Mr.
Yates iv portrait paiutiug.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SJUPTEMBJSK 7, 1896.
Salvador Romero and Rena Garcia, of Redwood Gty, as They Were Found Dead in a Room at the
Alpha House, Corner of Market and East Streets, Last Evening.
JORDAN'S WORK
IN BERING SEA
Commission Collecting In
valuable Data About
Seals.
RETURN OF THE HOMER
Garfield's Son-in-Law Says Seal
ing Business Is "Piayed
Out."
BROUGHT BACK 30,000 i KINS.
Six Seizures Made— Jordan to Start
Home in Two Weeks— Others
0a the Way.
The latest news of the Bering Sea Com
mission under Professor David Starr Jor
dan reached here yesterday when the
steamer Homer arrived, nine and a half
days from Unalaska with J. Stanley
Brown, superintendent of the North
American Commercial Company, and C.
H. Townsend of the United Slates Fish
Commission aboard.
Mr. Brown is a son-in-law of ex-Presi
dent James A. Garfieid, and was his sec
retary at the White House tip to the time
of the assassination. Ho passed through
this City May 22 on his way to the Priby
lof Islands.
"The Homer," said he yesterday at the
Occidental, -'brought from the Bering Sea
a cargo of 30,000 sealskins, being the quota
allotted by the Government to the North
American Commercial Company during
the past season.
"The catch of the sealing fleet this sea
son proves to be light. It is doubtful if
it will average 400 skins a vessel, or a
total of less than 30.000 skins. Sealers re
port seals scarcer than ever before, and
there is no pretense made that the small
catches have been due to inclement
weather. As the sealers put it, 'the busi
ness is played out.'
"The Bering Sea mixed commission of
Americans, British and Canadians, under
Dr. David Starr Jordan, president of Stan
lord University, arrived at St. George
Island, one of the Pribylof group, on July
6, and two days later came to St. Paul
Island, where are located our company's
headquarters.
"That commission is the finest body ot
men that could have been got together for
such tcientiiic investigation, witn the
preat commercial and international ques
tions attached to it. There is Prolessor
Jordan, the authority on fishes and a
scientist of world-wide reputation. He is
the only United States Commissioner, but
he is being assisted by such men as Dr.
Stejnegar of the National Museum at
Washington, who has no superior in the
field of natural history either in thiscoun
try or in Europe; Dr. Lucas, who has for
years occupied the position of curator of
mammals in tbe National Museum, and
is unsurpassed as an authority on com
parative osteology; C. H. Townsend of the
United States Fish Commission, who
has devoted years to familiarizing
himself with the methods of pelagic seal
ing; Colonel Joseph Murray, who has
been Government Agent on the seal islands
for six years and was detailed by Secre
tary Hainlin to assist the commission, and
Captain Moser of the Fish Commission
steamer Albatross, another experienced
man. The British.Commissioners are Pro
lesjsor Thompson of Dundee University,
Scotland, and Barrett Hamilton, a barris
ter of London, while the Canadian inter
ests are being looked after by Mr. Macoun,
a botanist of the Canadian Geological Sur
vey.
"The commis-ion will not cease its in
vestipatious until about the middle ot tuis
month or the Ist of October, when the
dead pups resulting from the shooting of
mothers at sea will have been counted.
"About the middle of August Dr. Jor
dan, accompanied by Pr fessor Thomp
son, also siartfd for the Commander
Islarda on the British warship Satellite,
leaving Dr. Lucas ana Secretary Clarke on
the Pribylof Islands tocont.nue work there.
"Dr. Jordan has probably returned to
Pribylof by this date. He will start for
home about tbe 20th of this month, but
will leave some of the party to complete
the work.
"The Albatross should arrive here this
mouth by way of Honolulu, fcj.je was to
visit the Commander Islands, off the coast
of Kamchatka. Robin Reel', in the Okhotsk
Sea, and tbe Kurile Islands, near Japan,
upon which seven or eight rookeries are
known to have existed.
"All the members of the commission
were in the best of health."
Mr. Townsend, when seen at the Palace
Hotel, said:
"Dr. Jordan asked me to say to any
newspaper man th;;t he knows of no other
cause so potent in the destruction oi a
great seal herd as pelagic, or ocean, seal
ing.
"The Bering Sea was thrown open in
1894 and thirty-eight vessels entered and
got 31,000 skins. In 1895 fifty-seven
vessels went in and took over 40,000 skins.
This year there are seventy vessels in
Bering S^a, but they will not get more
than 30,000 seals. They are bound to
make a light catch simply because there are
not seals enough. The catch of the thirty
three vessels boarded between August 19
and 24, amounted to 5900 skins, and t at i 3
for about half the fleet at very nearly the
middle of the season.
"The rookeries look bad, and pups are
already beginning to die because tbeir
mothers have been killed while outside
the sixty-mile limit hunting fish and pre
paring to return to the rookcrios to suckle
the pups for four or five day* before going
out again. The average catch for each ves
sel is yearly decreasing. This year it will
be 200 skins a vessel smaller than in 1895.
There was a light catch this season on tue
Japan coast. It amounted probably to
23,000 skins. I do not think any more
profitable catches will be made off that
coast.
"The Pribylof group of islands north of
the Alaskan archipelago is the great
breeding-ground for the American herd of
seal; the Commander group of islands,
near Kamchatka, on the Asiatic side is
tbe breedinjr-eround fr> r the seal herd of
that coast. The sea la from both these
great rookeries migrate southward in
summer without mingling and spread
over great areas of ocean. The Asiatic
herd gets as far south as Yokohama, tlie
American herd as far south as Santa
Barbara.
Russia's thirty-mile limit and America's
sixty-mile limit about the rookerit-sarein
effectual in preventing the extermination
of the seals. The United States could for
bid any of its vessels to engage in pelagic
sealing, but Canada might persist in
claiming rights in the open sea. If Canada
has rights it would pay our Government
to buy them.
"The North American Commercial Com
pany. which has the privilege of taKing
30,000 seals on the Pribylof Islands.pays the
Government flO for each skin ann gets
about $20 for it. The Pribylof skins taken
from superfluous young males of a com
mon age are uf uniform fineness of fur
and are highly puzed, while tbe males,
femaies and young taken at sea vary much
and bring only half the price."
FOREPAUGH'S CIRCUS.
The Combined Miowi Seem to Be the
Amusement Magnet of the Day.
The Forepaugh-Sells circus seems to be
the amusement magnet of the day. The
attendance has increased regularly since
the opening night and will probably con«
tinue so until the conclusion of the en
gagement on Saturday night next.
There seems to be no gainsaying the
fact that it is the biggest aggregation of
the kind that has ever pitched canvas in
San Francisco. The performances thus
far have iiiven the greatest satisfaction,
and Central Park will more than likely be
the Mecca for the amusement devotees
during the coming week. Tlie arenio per
formances surpass anything of the kind
ever seen on the coast, and the zoological
department has proven a source of much
interest. The collection of animals 'neath
the big canvas will find few if any coun
terparts in the zoological gardens of the
world, and in itaelt is a source of educa
tion and edification.
Tbe performances in the amphitheater
proper bristles with novelties, an effort
evidently having been made to cast adrift
from the stereotyped features of circuses
of the past. The trained animal per
formances — the elephants and tbe seals —
have become subjects of conversation
throughout the City. In these two exhi
bitions the acme of perfection in animal
training seems surely to have been reached.
The hippodromatic events furnish an ex
citing conclusion to two hours of the r arest
piij'»yn»ent that tbe people of San Fran
cisco have ever had under a circus canvas.
Two performances will be given daily
during the remainder of the week.
A Democratic Meeting.
Dr. J. L. Vcrk, Judge Tuompson, C. Backer
and other speakers will address the voters of
tbe Thirty-fourth Assembly District this
Tuesday night at 8 o'clock in ttie Mission
Opera-hah, Mission street, between Seven
teenth and Eighteenth, on the silver question.
A Bryan and silver club will be organized
Kverybody is invited to attend the meeting.
Hay Destroyed by Fire.
An alarm was bounded through box 53 at
5:30 P. M. yesterday ior a fire in a quantity of
hay on tbe wharf at the foot of Third 6treeu
The damage amounted to $100. Carelessness
with a cigarette on the part of a small boy
caused the blaze.
Old Dutch, Japanese gray, English, bog and
green oaks, raw chestnut, curly redwood, Span
ish cedar and plain mat gilts are the newest
things iv picture frames at Sail born & Vaii's. •
POPPER AND THE
RAINEY DRAGON
Max St. George to Save the
Junta From Its Aw
ful Fate.
AN EXCITING SABBATH
Wild Effort to Snatch the Conven
tion Frcm Rainey 's Grasp
by a Great Coup.
FOUR "AKAHCHISTS" WANTED
Ant -Raineyites Wili Appoint a Small
Convention or Bolt and Be Fierce
Non-Partisans.
Another fierce ar.d great revolution is
imminent in that remarkable political or
ganization which comprises the Junta fac
tion of the locil Democracy.
Since Sam Raiuey's control of the com
ing municipal convention was made evi
dent the other night the MeNub-Sullivan-
Popper-BrHunhart minority have been
pale and excited. It took the McNab end
a day or two to recover presence of mind,
but now a frantic and herculean effort to
save the convention from Rainey and
Lanigan is on.
Yesterday McNab, Braunhart, Popper,
Hasiett, Sullivan and a few other active
McNabers devoted the Sabbath to plan
ning and working :i preat coup by which
this salvation might be gained.
These noble politicians flew about town
until long after Sam Rainey and Ed
Lanigan went peacefully to bed. There
was a caucus at the resilience of Chairman
W. P. Sullivan, consultations on street
corners and in back rooms, and the speed
ing of messengers hither and thither.
An emergency generally brings forth a
man lor the hour and this emergency has
yielded its man. It's Max Popper. He
bugled "boots and saddles" to him
self on Saturday and dasbe 1 into
the danger. Max "has came" to
the front again. He is a politi
cal leader once more. When lie woKe up
the other day and realized that that Sam
Riiiney was boss of his political home he
jerked off his coat and swore that the boss
he desptsM even worse than he doe 9 Buck
ley should not rule again in Democracy.
So Popper is right at the front of this
saving lfort stirring his boots and work
ing like a beaver in the interest ot the
little dash of "decency" there ia ia the
Junta outfit.
This saving coup is a brilliant one. The
plan is that tlie campaign committee shall
rescind its order of last week, making
the convention consist of the 4f>W members
NEW TO-DAT.
Money Back
Giving money back seems
quite a virtue. .
We've given money back,
if wanted, for 30 years and
considered it only good busi-
ness sense.
Maybe we've been better
than we knew of.
Money back protects the
buyer, protects honest goods
— altogether it's a good
thing.
Your money back if our
furniture isn't right.
California Furniture Company
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
t il 7 Geary Street; -
of the general committee and 150 at iarge
to be appointed pro rata by the members
of tne campaign committee. It has been
figured out to a certainty that Rainey and-
Lani-an together can have their own way
with such a convention.
Having rescinded this ord r the plan is
to adopt a resolution providing that the
campaign committee shall appoint out
right a campaign convention of 300 mem
ber* or loss.
'11. is would shut ont the ; eneral com
mittee in which Rainey and Lanigan con
trol a majority, and a majority of the
campaign committee of twenty, it it could
nans to?< ther on a programme, could do
as it p!ea-ed with its own convention.
Then iiavm MeNab's programme might
siide nions with some slight approach to
tbe Mnootuuess with which Buckley's pru
graninio goes at li'nai B'rith Hall.
iSut the trcublp witn this coup and the
contingency on which its success depends
is the getting of fourteen votes for it in
the campaign committee. The campaign
committee is to meet to-night to appoint
the 150 delegates at large. And some votes
for this revolutionary ''cinch" programme
must be guintd before niehtftll. That
meeting to-nigtit is likely to be mighty
inirre.stin?.
The "McNab" faction in the campaign
enmmittey comprises nine votes — Gavin
McNab, W. P. SuiJivan, George T. Marye,
A. A. Watkin?, Peter Quinn, Samuel
Braunhart, M. C. liassett, James Butler,
Timothy Donovan. Captain Kitzpatrick,
representing the Thirtieth Di?trict, was
bought a few weeks ago with a job in the
Mint, and as his vote belongs to Daggett
he has been counted with the .Rainey
vote.
At the last meeting of the campaign
committee, however, he surprised every
body by voting for McNab' s programme.
Should he do so to-ui^ht it will give Mc-
Nab ten votes.
Besiues Fitzpatrick Rainey has but one
vote in the campaign committee, that of
Joseph P. Hayes of Eddie Greany's dis
trict. Lanigan has one vote — John
Meuh. J. J. Harvey, the post warden, has
ruver been counted with the Rainey
lies, but he has no use ior McNab, and the
other nignt he denounced M»:N;binthe
committee meeting and presented the
Rainey programme.
Tae six left are the "anarchists." They
are Secretary McGovern, M. Tierney,
George A. Love. John O'Donneli, R. L.
Mann, and Dr. W. J. Gavigan. These have
revolted against McNab, formed a solid
compact and taken an independent posi
tion between the Rainey and McNab
factions. By holding together they can
dictate terms, as without them the four
teen votes necessary to pass a convention
measure cannot be obtained. The McNab-
Popper faction will have to buy up those
of the anarchists with bigper concessions
of convention power than Rainey will give
to accomplish that coup. Quotations on
anarchists will be high to-day.
Popper is an old hand at convention
and campaign management, and MiNab's
great "hold" is combinations, but then
Sam Rainey was born before last Tuesday.
The Rainey people laughed yesterday
at Popper's entry into the fray and they
feared him not.
"Max is a lobster," said one of the
Rainey lieutenants, who Knew racetrack
slant;.
If the McNab minority does not suc
ceed by its usual "cinch" methods in nam
ing outright a convention of its own and
Rainey and Lanigan are able to hold in
operation the present plan there will be a
NEW TO-DAY.
The world was good
enough when everybody
thought it flat ; but now it
is round, and don't they
come flocking over here I
So will you, when you
find that the tea you are
drinking is colored and
stale, an d that Schillings
Best is good and fresh — so
will you flock over to Schil-
ling s Best and "use no
other as they say in testi-
monials.
At grocers' — in packages
— your money back if you
don't like it
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco . 859
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
\ •n\iCDLAnDi;R.<jOTTU)D « o>- ii»csA.ii)nAnMUtt-"
THIS CAP
ONE THEJ
WILL CLIMAX
FIRST PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT!
The Famous Society Comedy
By Belasco and DeMille.
"THEWIFE"
A Whole Year's Run at the
Lyceum Theater, New York.
To Be Presented In Matchless Style by
"the FRAWLEY COMPANY!"
AVith;>'ow Scenery. Costumes and
Stage Effects.
—POPULAR PRICES!-
SPECIAL MATINEE WEDNESDAY,
SEPT. 9 (ADMISSION DAY).
CENTRAL PARK.
/*^^^S. T II AFTERNOON AT 2.
/£ A \ Into evening at 8.
/ ff(fi?**E» A THE TALK OF
h£ Er^tkP^\ All FRISCO!
V I !!& / THK 810 SHOW
\S£gEHr of THE world!
fj£^\S. THE GREAT
ftfeM» ®&}\ and SELLS
k&g jjM-rAW _ BROS.
AMERICA'S
/i!^A\ ORKATEST SHOWS
/ M»« -A COMBINED!
(#^W#sSi^li The I -» I x*-* t Menagerie
l«^JC?S*H|^l3 In the World.
VSWA^S^rt^ 4 BIG CIRCUSES 4
>gSkgj«g|§f 300 STAR ARTISTS— 3OO
100-GBJEAT ACTS— IOO
/' B^ '3 \ Two Herds of Performing
/ &XSMSi.\. Elephants.. Kdncated seals mid
/ . 8,.\ WeJ Sea I. ions. Two Great Hin:>o-
F^^-Sf^tS^^-l JOtanii. The on y living J'.lii-
V"" fcjy]Aar note. os. (ireetest Fe;foniln?
Nsi*? BC^Bjfy leasts. Bpyond nil com: orison
) SSpESISjS^ ihe largest, richest and most
■" complete Arenlc and Zoological
enterprise in the world. Two performances daily
at 2 and Bp. if. Doors open an ' hour earlier.
Sealing capacity I^ooo. 25 uniformed ushers.
Numbered coupon. Actually reserved seats on
•ale at PACIFIC MUSIC COMPANY'S. 816 Mar-
ket street. '
Scale of ±-rices: General admission 60c; chil-
dren under 9 >>-ars, hnlf price:' chairs on cr.md
sand, 111; private boxo« wttii six seaU, $900;
8l!iKle seats in private boxes, (1 50. '
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 a. m. TTntll 11 p. m.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
Ueoeral Admission— Adults 10c, Children 5&
»ew to-day:
me Woman,
The Man,
And The Pill.
She -was a good woman. He
loved her. She was his wife.
The pie was good; his wife
made it; he ate it. But the
pie disagreed with him, and
ne disagreed with his wife.
Now he takes a pill after pie
and is happy. So is his wife.
The pill he takes is Ayer's.
Moral : Avoid dyspepsia
by using
Ayer's
Cathartic Pills.
different sort of a revolution and more
gaiety for the public.
The anti-Raineyites are already pacting
up their things to get out if Rainey has
the convention when it comes. They are
already talking of bolting. They will cet
right up and march out of the convention
hall and damn the whole local Demo
cratic party. As there will hardly be
time to gel up a third faction and call it
the ''Democracy," th^ra will be nothing
left but some non-partisan movement — in
fact, they doa't know where they would
go then.
Of course, in that event Rainey and
Buckley could set down together in peace
and direct their respective followers to
fall on each other's necks.
Meantime just watch Buckley and
Rainey at play, and watch the heroic
strides of local Democratic patriots with
the Rainey giant.
NEW TO-LAY- AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
ID\ -AT THE iI 2D WEEK!
Baldwin andlast
1 BUT ONE.
The Grandest of all Sardon's Plays.
"MADAME SANS GENE."
WITH KATHRYN KIDDER IN
THE TITLE BOLE.
A REALLY GREAT PRODUCTION.'
83" Seats Now Selling for all Remain-
ing Performances.
I AT THE .v I To-iicnm
I CALIFORNIA jjjH, THE WEEK.
Special Holiday Matinee Admission Day,
;>i/"-v? ; Wednesday, Sept. 9.
Regular Matinee Saturday.
Rtupendous Sensational Scenic Spectacle.
"ON THE BOWERY I"
Introducing the Bowery's King,
STEVE BR.OUIE,
Champion Bridge Jumper of the World.
Vivid Pictures of Greater New York.
Carloads of Elaborate Scenery and Properties.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
fcllto. t,£.\k=ll.\k iiBELINri. iTOpnoLOr .0.^.1^ J.-
Tli© Grand Opera Season,
REPERTOIRE "WEBB:.
TO-NIGHT—
LUCIA!
First Appearance Of MLLE. IDA VALEBOA.
Cast also Includes Michelena, De Vrles, Abramoff,
Napoleonl, Mull, Etc.
Tuesday ROME AND JULIET
Wednesday IL TUOVATORE
Thursday THE BOHEMIAN GI L
Friday LUCTA
Saturday IL TROVATORE
Sunday < veaing, September 13th,
First presentation In this city of Humperdink'a
Fairy Idyl,
"HANSEL AND .GRETEL !'»
A Perfect Production In Every Detail.
Popular Prices— and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MORO3CO. Sola Lessee and Jluaiij;
YOU MUSTN'T MISS IT
The Grandest of All Race Plays,
THE GREAT BROOKLYN HANDICAP
A Success of Two Seasons.
Third Week's Triumph of the Favorites,
LOTTIE WILLIAMS, KD. J. H*.KON,
Who will Introduce many
NEW SONGS, NEW SPECIALTIES AND
NEW DANCES.
Real Jockeys! Real Racehorses! Real Fun!
Evening Prices— lOc, 25c and 59a.
Extra Admission Day Matinee, Wednes-
day, September 9. . v-'-:-tr.y
ALCAZAR.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
BELASCO, DOASK & JuKDAIm, Lessee*
and Managers.
First Time in This City at the Prices,
The .Frantically and Furiously Funny Farce-
Comedy.
"ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME!"
By the Unexcelled Alcazar Stock Com-
pany of flayers.
Perfect Details! FJabora c Accessories!
Jollity Cheap at 15. 25, 35 and 50 Cents.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday,
15. 25 and 35 Cents.
TELEPHONE BLACK 991.
Secure Your .Seats in Advance. "V.
There 'Will Be a Special Grand Matinee
on Wednesday, .Admission Day.
O'FarreU Street. Between Stockton ana Pa\»9LL
Week Commencing Monday, Sept. 7.
A GRAND, G:;i:\T, N..W HILL.
BELLMAN AND MOORE.VASSAR QUARTET,
FERGUSON AND MACK, THKRY AND
ELMER. riARGUERITH FLRGESON,
LVDIA YEAMANS TITUS AND OTHERS.
New All Nations' Stars— l 4:
SEE FILSON AND HKROL.
Reserved seats, 25c: .Balcony, 10c ; Opera-chairs
and box-seats, 50c. Get your seals in advance.
MECHANICS' FAIR.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION
PAVILION, LARK.IN STREET,
Grandest Exposition on Record.
HINRICHS' FINE ORCHESTRA.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 7~
ACME AND RELIANCE CLUBS
OF OAKLAND.
Wagner Nieht. Tuesday, Sept." 8, Chinese Night.
Wednesday, Sept. 9, Admission Day— After-
noon, Baby show, prizes $250: liven-
ing. Poem by Native Duugntem,
Prize $25.
Addresses by Native Sons and Daugh-'
tars.
——Admission 35c, Children 15c. —
OPEN DA\ AND EVENING.
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Eartlx I
Open Daily from 1 to 11 P. M.
THIS AND EVERY EVENING AT 10.
ANTONIO PIRRI
(From the Chutes at Milan. Italy)
Will COAST THK CHUTES' and Land in til*
Lake on a Safety Bicycle.
A GREAT BILL IN THE CASINO!
ROYAL JAPANESE ACROBATS, THE
MASONS, JULES KOKTO and
A Mile Bicycle Race on the Stage.
ADMISSION lo CENT?.
Children, including ilerry-00-Kound Hide, 5 cent*
78
FRATERNAL BONDS
Order of the East- in Star.
The hall of G-lden Gate Commandery was on
last Tuesday night crowded with an audience
composed of representatives of youth, beauty,
gallantry and intelligence. It was an as
semblage that was there to witness the enter
tainm-nt offered by :he members of Ivy
Chapter No. 27. The hull, brilliantly
lighted, with Its walls covered with banners
of the Knights Templar, a number of potted
plants set off to advantage, the American flag
drooping in graceful folds from a tall staff and
the star of the order in small gas jets shining
brightly above all. presented a brilliant scene
of fraternity and patriotism. All but a small
space of the large hall reserved for those who
were to participate in the entertainment was
filled with elegantly attired ladies and their
escorts.
There were many numbers on the programme,
and a majority of them www render-'d by young
members of the ris ng genera; ion. some of them
very young. but nevertheless careful. y schooled in
whai they were a memnced to present. The fol
lowing i\ 'he programme . hat was most success
fully carried out: Piano s^iio, M:ss Mina Cran
dall: violin duet, with piano accoivpaniment,
Frank, t^usie and Miss Auna Johnslun; song,
"My Sweetheart's the Man in the Moon," Ella
Jlins: recitation, "Ride of Jennie McNeal,"
Carrie Bauer; vocal so!o, Miss Raymond:
sailor's hornpipe, Virgil and Aimee Jorjensen;
Instrumental selection, Professor Graeber's Man
dolin Club; recitation, "Naughty Little Girl in the
Hotel," Alice Lock wood: skirt dauce, Evelyn
Woif: vocal solo, Mrs, Smitn; violin solo, Frank
Meagher; recitation, "Charlie Macbree," Miss
Lillian Dow: fan dance, Miss Lucille Tucker and
Miss R« ua * fling -r; vocal solo, Mrs. Darlfns:
"Lover's Polka," Sidney Bibcro and i.velyn Woif:
recliation. ">ot So k.*ay," Eva Jllliero: vocal trio.
.Miss Jennie Williams, Miss Jeannelte Putridge and
Miss Kaymona; p. rioiic dance, "Yanxee Doodle, '"
Alice Lock wood. The ".Nauyhiy Little Girl in the
Hoiel," by Miss Alice Lo> kwoixt, a m:ss vet in her
teens, was adruir.itjiy ren-lered, while the sailor's
hornpipe, by Virgil auu Aln «c Jor^eSMn, ami the
"Lover's I'olka," by M.iiey H.bero and Evelyn
Woif— these participants being nil unaer 8 years
of age— w.re the- poet y ot mot. on. The instru
mental sel ciion by Professor Graeb r's Mandolin
Club was a most ihi.rniiti^ rendition «f sweet
sounds o?i stringed instruments. Ihe performance
of the var.oiis contributors to the evening's enjoy
ment well meiiied the liberal appla-i->e given.
Alter the last number the gu s;s were invited :o
tbe large ba.l on .he lower floor, where there was
a crabuag par.y, a mllle for a rose jur and a pic
mre, after which there were dancina; and refresh
ments, ltwax a very successful affair, carefully
arranged, well carried out and reflects great credit
on the prime movers, Cyrus c. Dow, the worthy
patron, »nd Mrs. c.eorge \V. H. Patterson, worthy
matron, wi.oln their tfforts were ably assisted by
all the members of the chapter.
At Us meeting iast I luirsday merit Golden Gate
Chapter elected two candidates, and these will be
Initiated at the meeting on the 17th Inst. There
were present visitors from Amapola Chapter of
Urovitle, Augusta chapter ot covelo and from
Harmony and ivy chapters.
Independent Order of Odd Fellows.
The committee having charge of the movement
to advance the Odd Fellows' Li trary will hold a
meeting within ten days for :he purpose of hear
ing reports on tbe progress already made.
Thrt Veteran Oad Fellows' Association will pay
a fraiernal visit to Bay City Lodge ou the evening
of the 15th inst.
The preparations have been completed for the
reunion of the lodges of District .No. 67, to be held
in this City on the 18th inst.
The Sovereign Grand Lodge will meet on the
21st iu6t. The repieseuta.ives from California are
J. G. Siagilire and P. ¥. (.osbey, representing the
Grand Lodge, and George T, r\oche aud L. .-. \V.
Douns, representing : lie Grand encampment. It
is possible that Past Gra:id S r? Harmon will ac
rorupatiy tnem. 1 urine the session there will be
on'eied the suisestioii of Past Grand Davis Louder
back iha. there be estubiishej what shall be
known as the visiting degree, common to subor
dinate and Kebekuh lodges, so tha: if one louse :
desires to visit another body, tne sitting loiig •
may opt v that degree. The proposition to pro
vide foraged members will also be brought up.
Grand Secretary Donoho has received from Isa
bella Lodge oi Santa i. rnz a check for $191 05, a
contribution to tae orphans' home.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
The new Grand Lodge of Arkansas and Louis
iana and the Grand Lodge of Texas have adopted
the new plan of classified ass- ssments, and Cali
fornia at tne adjourned session of i he Grand Lodge
held last week did likewise by a unanimous vote.
There were present nearly 180 delegates, repre
sentlng ninety-two lodges, beins greatly in excels
of a quorum, which Is fifty representatives from at
least twenty- five lodges. Grand Master Workman
Vinter made a telling speech and Grand Recorder
Hirshberg ge.ve a most lucid exp anation of the
new plan, and these;, no doubt, did much to unify
the sentiments of the representatives. Ihe lodge
adopted the amendments establishing classified
rates to candidates admitted after -eptember J of
this year and applying t.ie same .o the entire
membership after tf-e first of next January. An
other amendment reducing the age limit to 18
years was also adopted.
>cxi month the anniversary of the founding of
the order will be celebrated in this City acd iv Los
Angeies under the auspices of tne Gra.id i-odge.
The sum of $46,000 was distributed to the bene
ficiaries of deceased memtiers during August.
<jrand Recorder Hirshoerg will taik to the mem
bers of Triumph Lodge io-niorrow night on the
subject of the plan adopted by the Grand Lodge.
The Vegi cc of Honor.
Grand Treasurer Sam Hooth recently returned
from his F.as.eru aud European trip and on last
Thursday was tendered a receptton by Silver Spray
Lodge in Kxce sior Hall, 'lhere was a arge at
tendance and the address of welcome home was
delivered by Mrs. M. J. Stewart, supreme lady of
honor. Ihe response of the guest of tbe evening
was a hear;f.-lt and sincere one. 1 here was a short
musical programme «nd one of the singers wh«
won the greatest amount of applause was Miss
Georgie iiollis who was forced to give an encore.
Then there wa-> a dance aud a sapper. There were
many visitors present.
Ivy Lodgs gave a very inreredting Pie party in
Oakland lasi Wednesday.
United Aucieut Order of Druids.
At Its last held meeting .Norma Grove received
two applications ai;d appointed a committe to
make arrangements for an entertainment and
ball, to be given on the 23d lnsu In Union Square
Hall in honor of its :hirtietn anniversary.
Morton Orove of Los Augeles reports receiving
at every meeting applications from individuals
who desire to join.
Last l uesday night Hyperion Orove held a
largely attended in -etln<. \V. Cohen of St Paul
Miu:i.. filled the olKce of pianist for the even ne!
A numb.-r oj vocal solo^ were rendered in good
•tyle and A. Ber* told of h n travels i,, Australia
and of visits paid to groves in Sydney and New
castle.
Supreme Arch P. Rohrbacher has returned from
the i-.ast.
Golden Gate Circle will give an entertainment at
Iruids' Hail next month.
Native Son* of the Golden Writ,
California Parlor Xo. 1 will ma*e a Hne show In
the procession at -Stockton. It will have a four
horse rig aud five two-faotM rigs for the use of the
members of Buen» Vista Parlor Native Daughters.
The ladles will decorate the carriages in grand
style. The parlor will be led by Blanchard's band
Grand Lecturer Conley of Madera. who is the
youngest Superior Judge on the bench In the State
ism the t iiy, and wil, remain until ue starts for
the <elebraiion at Stockton.
Monterey Parlor will be organized with twenty
charter members.
Redwood Parlor wi:l c lebrate at home on Wed
nesday. There will be a procession and march to
finger's orove, when there win be an address by
Joaeph F. coflev, president of the parlor He'wi 1
be followed by Ji. c. Hall, past president, and
others. 'I here will also be ..clambake, tames and
athletic sports and In the evening there, will t>e a
ball and supper at Price's hotel. In the alternoon
there will be a fin-men', tournament and an onen
bir concert on Main street. The proceeds wi/i be
donaied :o tbe trami parlor.
There has been pi.id out by the order for sick
beneh.s up v June 1. 1896. $2*8.069 05 f this
amount 53'J,580 80 ws.s Daid dur.nif the fiscal
yeareniin,' June 1, 189 U. This is exclusive of
what has h en paid by the board of relief to delin
quent and deserving members.
Native daughters of lUe Golden West
La Esperanza I'arlor has accepted an invitation
of the Southern Par or of the Native Sons to take
part in r.e celeDratlou to be Held at Rediands on
the 9th Ins:.
Boulta Parlor of Redwood Cl y has appointed
the following named us a committee to act in con
junction with the ways and means committee of
the Native ;-ons: Mrs. Dora Wil son, Miss Jennie
Kelly, Miss Annie Underbill, Miss Mamie Glen
nan and Mrs. Sophie Ottei man. This parlor is in
a prosperous condition jind bids fair to have a
large increuse in memhershiD.
. Miss Liil ingliuni of lUmona Parlor, Mar. inn, is
about to organize a uaiiur at Antioch.
Golden State Par or continues to have enthusi
astic meetings every flrst and thir ' Wednesdays
and there is always a larr* attendance for the
reason tha those at the Iv ad of the parlor know
how iomakr them Interest* Lost Aed esday
several applications for membership were re
ceive-l and after the regular business was over
TIMJLMCIAM*.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
Vvnht-LOCK & co.
. 4> LeldesdorfT St., Tel. Main 1954.
BRANCH OPFICR '
128 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
• • J. S. I'UKDY, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest, market quo.
. UtlOßa. Reference Ist National Basic, &F?
utiCAOo. ?juv_.r£ WOW. J»*W YOBX.
there was a mock Initiation under the new ritual
and it proved very successful.
There will be a delegation of about forty mem
bers of Golden Mute Parlor at the celtbnulon in
Stockton on the 9th They will be distinguished
by the very neat bad-e they wilt wear. It Is of
salmon pink, with loops nt narrow ribuon of the
same shade, held together at the top of tbe bad«e
by a pin In the shape of a silver bet:r. The trim
mings are silver bullion, and me lettering la black.
The ladies will not parade, but will visit all the
parlors.
The party recently Riven by II Paj»ro Parlor
was ore that wa* a most enjoy one. It was a
cascarone party, and for the occasion the ball In
which It wat iven was most tasteluily decorated,
the colors predominating being red, green ana
yellow. ■ The large attendance soon entered into
ih»- spirit of the entertainment, and after the first
Ci.scarone hai b<en broken the shells filled with
fancy colored pap r sold briskly, and the parlor
realized a handsome sum. '1 he whole affair was
voted a gn-at success. .
The order generally, ' and Sierra Parlor particu
larly, has dUatKined a great loss in Hit- death of an
efficient member, Ail** Carrie HudepohL
Order of Chosen Friends.
Last Monday n'ght V. M. Arnold, past supreme
councilor, assisted by E. M- 'Morsran. deputy
grand councilor, installed :he ofllcers of Empire
Con ell. M. Uoebzn, grand counc.lor, was present.
At the conclusion of the ceremony J. L. Cain. l, the
retiring councilor was presented a handsome jewel
euiatic of his rank.
1 he Grand council Is Issuing to all tbe members
of the order a button emblematic of the order. It
is small, and on a white ground has the emblem of
order in colors. The council Is also issuing
•caripins imilar in design to in.- buttons. -
Last .ay Grand councilor Bovhui paid a
Visit 10 America Council and to Teutoma Council.
On Wednesday he called on Washington Council.
The second of the me. .Inn arranged by the
grand > 011.1ci.0r was held last Frid.ij- night in the
ba>l of Pacific Council aud th-re was a very large
attendance. last Supreme councilor Arnold de
liver, d the address During t.e evening tne Ini
tiatory tea iuitia.ed sixteen candidates. Tne
meeting, which was attended by the grand coun
cilor and a number of the lilg.i dli;nUuries and
presided over by Dis.rict Deputy Walter N. uruut,
was a succe s In every way. The first of these
meetings will be held on the 26th ins:. ana Dep-
I uty Fred A. Taylor will preside.
At its last held nieetinx Franklin Council ini
tiated live candidates, the first Initiation.* bad in
three years.
brand Recorder S. C. Wallls will Institute a new
council at saut . Barbara, wi h a iar^e charter list,
He will be assisted b organizer W. a. Peabody.
Sunset council held a mcc.ing on Saturday, the
29th of August. t.r.»nd Councilor Boehin and a
number of visitors were present.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Dr. E. G. case, high chief ranker, and George H.
P. Shaw of .National city, high court junior wood
ward, were in ihis City on Saturday to attend a
meeting of the ex cutive council. The last named
reports the order in the southern par of the State
as being in a very satisfactory conditiou.
dward B. -peucer, high conn deputy, Is in Los
Angeles organizing and assisting the old courts.
Court Violet wi.l berearier meet on the first and
third Monday of each month. ■At the last held
meeting two candidates were received.
Court Victolre, the t-reucu cour., held an inter
esting meeting last Thursday night at which there
were present a number of vl.sltori. Two applica
tions tor me.ubership were received.
court s..erwood Forest, one of the most flourish
ing in the order, at Its lasi held meeting initiated
rive candidates.
Court Lincoln, which gave such a delightful
party lome time since, will give another In A. O
>. build. on the night of < ctober •_'•!.
M. P. Light, high court organizer. Is in tbe Inte
rior meeting with success in laying the foundation
for new courts. :>. j< ,.,v
Companions of the Forest, A. O. F.
On the evening of the 23d of August German-
American Circle celebrated its second anniversary
in great style in Union-square Hal. 1 here was a
good entertainment, good music and many pres
ent who enjoy themselves hugely. The affair
was a success, both from a social and a financial
standpoint, and those who had charge of a, ex-
I offlcioChier Companion Mrs. B. Bartlett, Mrs. F.
Dank, Mrs. c. v. Fuller and Mrs. U. Fran** ..jve
the satisfaction of knowing that their effo A .* to
please were highly api reciated. This circle work*
in the German language and has a large member
ship.
Foresters of America.
The members of Court Golden West are de
termined that theirs hhall be the banner court In
this jurisdiction as to membership. Last Thurs
day evening one candidate was initiated and four
applications were received. Among the visitors
were S. A. White, grand treasurer; C. H. Bremer,
grand secretary ; . . Samuels, grand senior wood
ward; S. L. Waller, grand trustee; Deputies J.
Calmann, Sol Pelser, 1). Cohan. M. H. Wascer
wi z. Joe Meyers.
Conn. Stanford No. 27 entertained Its many
friend* last Monday evening with a sac ial aud
banquet. Covers were laid for 160 persons and
much credit is due to the committee for the suc
cessful outcome of the affair.
Companions of the I- oreit, F. of A. \
The new rituals of the Companions of the For
est, containing the plates of the floor work, are
now ready for Issue. The same will be forwarded
to each circle on the return of the old rituals.
The quarterly social of Excelsior Circle No. 2
on last Thursday evening was a deoided social and
financial success.
-«i Ibs Jennie Morris, chief companion of Defiance
Clrc *? •o. ■ 8, left daring the past week for a visit
to friends in New York and Boston.
Independent Order of B'ne B'rlth.
Next Thursday California Lodge will be visited
by the general committee, and it will b _■ the last of
the City visitations for the term. This lodge, of
which J. I* Franklin is president, Is making active
preparations to give the visitors a first-class wel
come. ■ • -
>. S. Kahn. chief melical examiner, has been
granted a six months' leave of absence, and dur
ing that time Dr. Phillip* will occupy the office.
Dr. Kahn, with his family, has gone to Europe,
and. during his stay on the Continent will visit
London, Paris and Berlin and possibly other prom
inent cities.
Knights of .Honor.
Grand Dictator Archibald has appointed Thomas
Johnstone, who was grand trustee, grand reporter,
vice C. H. M. Curry, deceased. 'To accept the po
sition Mr. Johnstone was forced to resig-i the office
of grand trustee George J. Vincent has been ap
pointed to the vacancy caused by the retirement
of Mr. Johnstons..
The gran I dictator visited Liberty , Lodge last
Monday. On Wednesday he visited the same
lodge, when It gave a very pleasant entertainment
in .-octal Hal), Alcazar bui.Ulng. There was pre
sented to %be 200 assembled a very interesting
programme and tbe grand dictator delivered aveiy
Instructive address. Icecream and cake was
served during the evening. Grand Assistant Dic
tator W J. Thompson presided.
Last Friday the grand delator visited Fldell:y
Lodge, ween several ca-:dldatei were initiated.
Knights and Ladle* of Honor.
This evening there will be a meeting In tbe ball
of Aurora Lodge of a committee composed of rep
resentatives from each of the City lodges for the
purpose of making arrangements for a reception,
union meeting and ball, to be given some time In
October.
Grand Treasurer Mrs. L. J. Whee'ock was a
visitor to the West End Lodge last Tuesday night
on the occasion of a very Interesting meeting.
It Is expected that the grand officers of the or
der will be pre<ent en th-» evening of the 15th
inst. in the hall of Oakland Lodge, when there
w.ll be a grand union meeting ox all the lodges of
Alamt-da County.
The work of the propagating committee of the
Supreme Lodge, which met in Indianapolis last
week, win probably be announced this week It
is thought that inducements worth working for
will be offered and > hat the active ones, of which
there are not a few In California, will show what
they can do wi en put to the test, with the result
that there will be a marked Increase in member
ship.
Jr. Order. United American Mechanics.
The smoker that was given Ins 1 Thursday night
by the members of Alexander Hamilton Council
to its friends in Shiels building was one of the
most interesting In every way that has in the past
been given by any of the councils. Thrrewasa
large attendance, a fine programme of music
anecdotes and specialties and plenty of good
Paul Revere Council will give Its first anniver
sary banquet in Oakland in a few days and it will
be for members only. -with one exception, and that
exception will be the Sta.e council" Henry C.
SKroV the O .v e Stn? ea lnVltCdl ° be tM « ue "
Last Monday the council at Elmhurst gave an
entertainment, at which the.c was a good attend
ance, and some stlrrlnz speeches were made
? U i, C ? U " tryi the omrla ' or X*" of 'he order in
this state has ' ppe red in the September numb "
D !hVn 0 L m tr PCP C^ hh vu g UTe " ieat *» »">
Friend* of the Forest.
The new order Friends of the Forest is advanc
ng with remarkable stride, in the race for position
in which other organization, bavin, sick "nd
death benefits are taking part, and accord in" to
the officers it Is clashed as the favorite. The s.a °
orpanizer Is visiting towns in the interior, wher
ever there is a court of i-or st»r« and is 1.,.,.,
each°p U l"ce tlOn ** l " or S*""*»o° of « pVffin
J^S^^l^SSS ?or lhegrand >*"<«
■l.or y after in., f M t,v.,l. s of 'id^akU 8
shor iy after til.; festivities of Admission daT n
ls^xpecu-dthat D .irlors will be organized In iied
mo omh0 mh. I ; y '. # SUn • CbC * n<l IMU An?el?sduri ns 'th«
lioneer Parlor U adding to its membershln and
Its treasury is mating « g.,od showing. ™ nlsn Is Pa*
lor will s lve an inii.ent last ( i#or«i-n
ll all on .he 2»th inn , o?\ ,e,.i has ?een se
cured and a goon time for a.i is expectedL
• Vouds Men's" Institute.
The office of Grand Secretary Stanley and the
library and readlna-room have been removed f;om
the «orner of, Tenth and Market streets and are
now located on the fourth floor of the I'arrott
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SJSFTEMBER 7, 1896.
Building. Therooms are laree, well lighted, and
have a bright, cheeful appearance, a decided im
provement on those recent. y vacated.
Borromean Council has dMterminedito give an
entertainment, some time in O< toier and has ap
pointed the fol owinr named to take charge of the
matter: Pau. B. Hay, li. F. Fazackorly, George
>'. lynch, R. J. Sweeney and F. J. Dueeau.
There was a large entertainment eiveri by Phil
Sheritian Cou^ cli last Wednesday ni^ht Tere
wcie an a 1 dress by Past President Murasky, a
literary and musical progr«mme and a dance, all
of which was enjoyfd to the fuii> St.
Thomas B Slavi'n presided at the entertainment
K'veu lust Tuesday Dy Mission Council in isMon
Par i-r Mali. A very Interesting programme was
presented.
T/ie supreme serretfir adv'ses that since last
February thirtv-on<- new councils 1\ the aggregate
have been organized in the several jurisdictions.
Knights off the Golden Eagle.
Go d>n Gate Castle conferred the first decree at
Its lust held meeting. There is nuch activity in
this castle at this time, in consequence of prizes
offered for bringing the greatest number ot mem
bers within a limited time. The party given by
this castle on Saturday nlcht last wa< a successful
one and It was well managed by the committee
having charge of the same
At the meeting of Pacific Castle last Tuesday
night Grand Master of Hecords llanna and other
grand offic»rs were present, hs were also visitors
from Go lien Gate and California castles.
Assessments i3T, 138 and 139 for the death ben
efit fuau w»-re levi<nl on tin- Ist!. .St., aud will be
delinquent 011 the Is; at October.
AiL'ha Temple 1 or the Ladles of the Golden
Eagle will give a hayseed party In this City during
tae month of October, on a date not yet fixed.
MADE TOO MANY ERRORS
St. Ignatius College Team De
feated the Pacifies in a
Poor Game.
San Francisco Players Eisily Disposed
of the Delegation From
Oik and.
For two wearisome hours and thirty-five
dreary minutes ball game at the Presidio
dracged along yesterday amid kicks, con
troversies, delays and minor causes of
misery too numerous to mention.
The whole matter was a grand mistake.
In the first place the game was to have
been between the teams of the St. Mary's
and St. Ignatius colleges. Through the
mistake of some one the former team chal
lenged the latter. St. Ignatius accepted,
but St. Mary's refused to play because
the sender of the challenge was not au
thorized to do so. Because of the failure
of the St. Mary's team to put in an ap
pearance the umpire awarded the game to
St. Ignatius by a technical score of 9 to 0.
The Pacifies were prepared to tase the
place of the defaulting club, and there
began as tiresome a spectacle as has been
seen on a ball Held in this City.
For six innings the score was a close
one. but the play lacked the snap and en
deavor that are expected in collegiate con
tests, the only enlivening feature being
the exaggerated objections of Captain Mo
Dermott, who found something not to his
liking in every other move.
In the seventh inning Mansfield, the
Pacific pitcher, let down, and after giving
four bases on balls was touched up lor a
single and a double, which, with a couple
of errors, netted the college boys seven
runs, but one of which was earned.
Had it not been lor the sudden collapse
of their twirler the Pacifies would prob
ably have won, there being really but live
players on the college team, the other four
participants being almost useless.
Following is the official score:
ST. lONATrCS. A.B. R. B.H. 8.8. P.O. A. K.
Robinson. 3 b 6 3 3 0 8 2 0
Foley.s. a. 6 4 4 10 3 2
Graham, c 3 3 3 17 6V!
Lewis, C. f 5 0 0 1 1 o 1
Kin?, 1- t. 3 112 10 0!
Stemanl, p. 4 0 0 0 0 2 1
SweiKen, 1 b.. 4 110 1-10 1
Svetnich, r. f....... 3 0 0 0 0 10
Fleming, 2 b. 2 3 0 118 0
Kelley, r. f. 110 0 0 0 0
Totals. 37 16 12 6 27 32 7
PACIFICS. A.B. R. B.H. S.B. T.O. A. K.
McUermott, p,2b,*s 2 2 0 112 3
Strei. s.s. and 2 b.. 5 2 3 2 2 2 0!
B Brockhoff, 3 b.. 5 2 1.2 1 1-1
Nealon. 1 b and c. 6 0 2 2 9 12
Klley. c and 1K... 5 0 0 0 8 10
Mansfield, cf& p. 5 1 2 0 0 3 1
A. Brockhoff. I. f... 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
Collins, p., -Jb — cf. 3 10 2 3 0 2
Posner. r. f 4 1110 0 0
Totals. 39 9 9 10 24 10 9
SCORE BY INNINGS.
St. Ignatius. 3 0 0 0 0 4 7 2 •— lB
Pacifies. ....1 3001040 o—9
BL'MUABY.
Earned runs— Ignatius 5. Pacific* 1. Three
base bit— Robinson. Two-base hits— Folcy, uru
ham, strei, Nt-alon, Mansfield, sacrifice hits—
Graham, Lewis, B. BrockhofT, Xealon. First bane
on errors— st. Ignatius 6. Pacifies 5. First base
on cal.ed balls—^t. Ignatius 9, Pacifies 4. Left on
basts— St. Ignatius 8, Pacifies 7. Struck out— By
Mansfield 9, by MefflaDl 9. Passed balls— .\ealon
2, Klley 1, Graham 1. Umpire— Frank Mor-on.
The League Contest.
At the Folsom-street grounds the local
team had little difficulty in disposing of
the Oaklands. The latter club became
badly rattled in the final innings and al
lowed their opponents to score several un
earned runs.
Following is the score:
Pan Franciscos. a.b. r. b.h. s.b. P.o. a. c.
Monahan, 2 b 5 2 110 11
Krujc, s. s 6 4 10 0 4 1
Levy, 1. f 5 0 10 110
Murphy, lb 4 2 3 0 10 0 0
Sweeney, 8 b 3 1111 i 1
Leonard, r. f 4 0 10 10 0
Zann, c. f 4 0 0 0 10 1
Scott, c 4 2 3 0 6 10
Iberg. p 4 0 10 14 0
Totals. 38 11 12 2 27 12 1
Oakland*. a.b. r. b.h. s.b. P.o. a. k.
Donovan. ld- 5 1 2 0 11 1 l
Walton, 2b, 5 0 10 5 8 0
Arie.t, S.S. 5 0 110 2 1
Agnew.l. f 5 2 2 2 0 3 0
oliers. c. f 5 12 0 0 0 0
Jeeney.3b 4, 1 3 0 3 2 2 I
Davis, c 4 10 0 2 1 •_
Shea. 1. f 4 12 10 0 1
Russell, c 4 0 10 14 0
T0ta15..... .41 7 14 4 24 16 ~t
SCORE BY INNINGS.
San Franciscos. 2 110 3 4 0 0 •— ll
Oaklands... 0 00410011—7
SUMMARY.
Karned runs— San Fr&nclscos 6, . Oaklands 4.
Two-base hits— Leonard, .->cott and Murphy. Bases
On bails— B»n Fraiiclscos 3, oaklanus 2. Struck
out— By Iberg 4. Umpire— o'Nelll.
*—m ►
SOCIETY IN BOHEMIA.
Another Enjoyable Excursion to the
Redwood Groves— A Special Oppor
tunity on September 20.
Yesterday morning the weather was not
promising in the city, but notwithstand
ing a party which required eicht coaches
left via the Tiburon ferry on a special
boat at 8:30 a. m. for the Bohemia bin
trees, under the personal direction of Ex
cursion Manager Locse.
By the time San Rafael was reached the
line of the foe belt was passed and the most
delightful weather was experienced. Good
time was made on the run to the
and the excursionists were given a half
hour longer than the promised four hours'
stay in tbe reawoods. There was not a
hitch in the arrangements and a most
pleasant outing was enjoyed, the people
beinjr charmed with the natural attrac
tions of the ride and the section visited.
The homeward trip was begun at 4:30
p. m , the party rrachine the City about
8 o'clock. Ti,e reserved-seat system in
force on Mr. Locke's trains was highly
praised.
The next outing will occur a week from
next Sunday, September 20, on which day
arrangements have been made for a grand
popular-rate trip to Camp Taylor, when
two special trains will off r accommoda
tions for all who desire a quiet day in the
country. One train will connect with the
8 o'clock boat from the Sausalito ferry and
the second train with tlie 10 o'clock boat.
The fare Jor the round trip on this special
occasion will be only 75 cents, children
under 12 years 40 cents, and it will be
necessary to procure tictcets from Mr.
Locke, as- none will be on sale at tne offices
ot the railroad company.
"HER CURSE ON
EVERY COUNTRY"
W. T. Fleenor Says Rome
Has Blighted Every
Catholic Nation.
EAS FOSTERED PERJURY
Canonical Law Cited to Show a
Dsregaid of Solemn
Obligations.
AMERICA THE MOST LIBERAL.
This Country Declared to Accord Cath
olics More Privileges Thau
Any Other.
W. T. Fleenor of Beattle, who has occu
pied the platform at the Good Citizenship
meetings at Metropolitan Temple lor sev
eral Sunday? past, sooke yesterday after
noon on the topic, "Is Papalism Conserva
tive of Good Government?"
"Mr. Yorko protests against as bringing
up the sin« of 1900 years ago," he said,
"and casting them in the face of the pres
ent generation. 1 don't see why Mr.
Yorke cannot take his sauce with a pood
relislj. He has been pome back into Mr.
Hudelson's sins for I don't know how
lone, and I don't see why what is sauce
for the goose should not be sauce for the
gander. He seems to be so well posted
that he says Mr. Huaelson's record was
soon to be aired in the courts. lam glad
he is so well posted. The reverend
gentleman may be called into court to tell
what he knows about the matter.
"The American Protective Association
is set tor the defense of this Government
against papalism and Romanism. When
the Roman hierarchy takes its hand out of
the public treasury, quit* plotting against
our Nation and quits cursing our institu
tions, t is organization will disband until
some other monster rears its head.
"Last Friday night Archbishop Riordan
said that the American constitution was of
Catholic origin. lam oppoatd to disturb
ing the ashes of Jefft-rson, Monroe and
Patrick Henry. Let them rest without
casting aspersions upon their patriotism.
The reverend gentleman closed his little
speech by advising the ladies of the land
to stay at home and devote their energies
to raising children. I would like to know
what a Catholic priest knows about rais
ing children.
"The immortal Lincoln says that good
government is a government of the peo
ple, by the peopie and for the people.
These are the conditions that papalism
must meet or forever withdraw from
American politics, The first proposition
that I offer under this head is: 'Is papal
ism constitutionally conservative to good
government?' If papalism has nothing
but war and blood for this Nation then it
must seek its affiliations elsewhere. We
assert that this is a good government.
Swift and sure will be the retribution of
that power that seek? to prostitute and
vitiate the policy of the American people.
"In 1870 the Vatican council decreed the
infallibility of the Pope. Now we have
papal Rome. The Pope asserts that he has
arbitrary power over life and destiny.
This is canonical law: "The Pope has the
right to give countries whicli are non-
Catholic to Catholic regents and reduce
them to slavery.' Let me tell you tnis
Nation fought and warred to stopslavery,
and it will right again if need be to pre
vent slavery."
The speaker here quoted what lie claims
were extracts from canonical law to the
effect that the church and its priests should
not be taxed without the Pope's consent.
"Mr. Yorke expressed this sentiment,"
he continued, ''when he said the tax upon
the Presentation Convent in this City was
unjust, and yet they say they love this
country.
" 'The Pope can relieve from every oath
or obligation, either before or after it is
taken.' This is canonical law. How do
we know that every Romanist who comes
to this country is not already absolved
from his oath of allegiance? This is the
kind oi villainy and perjury that we have
to meet in this country."
Mr. Fleenor cited the condition of coun
tries uuder Catholic control to-day to
show that Rome had cursed »very nation
it gained a foothoid in. America, he
claimed, gave Catholics more liberties
than * any country on the giobe.
He declared it was the only country
where the nunneries were not open to
public inspection, and he predicted the
locks would soon be legislated off their
doors here.
"Saiolli was 3ent to this country under
the pretense of representing the Pope at
the Columbian Exposition," he continued.
"It was really as a permanent abiegate
»t Washington. I want to tell you
that, although Mr. Cleveland has said
nothnc about it, Rome has audience in
the halls at Washington. This morning's
paper tells us that Archbishop Ireland of
t*t. Paul announces that the parochial
school* will hereafter charge no tuition
fee. What does this mean? It means that
the poor Catholics are to be doubly taxed
to support these institutions that they
may better com.pt.te with American free
schools."
He closed with an appeal to his auditors
to remain true to America and American
institutions.
ACTS OF VANDALISM.
Four Boys Raise a Disturbance in a
Church and Two Are Arrested
for Being Drunk.
Four grown-up boys, under the influence
of liquor, went into the Star of the Sea
Chinch, Eighth avenue and Point Lobus
road, yeslerday afternoon, and amused
themselves by raising a disturbance. They
emptied the ble-sed water out of the font,
kicued over seats and did other acts of
vandalism.
Policeman J. B. O'Connor was notified
and arrested two of the youngsters. Rev.
i he v Covle refused to prosecute tiiem
and they were booked at the City Prison
on the charge of drunkenness. Their
names are Joseph Clark and Albert Bahn,
both shoemakers, and IS years of age.
A NEW POLYCLINIC.
It Will Treat the Deserving Poor Free
of Chttrgo.
A worthy Institution, which should
claim the attention of ail charitably dis
posed people, is about to be opened at 113
Nintn street.
This U the Po<yclinic Free Dispensary,
which has for its object the treatment of
the worthy sick poor free of charge. A
number of charitable ladies have already
taKen the matter in charge and hope to
meet with a deserved success. Several
prominent physicians have gratuitously
ottered their services, giving a certain
number of hours each week, which will
include al! tne ifferent branches of sur
gery and medicines.
On account of the very hard times
nnndieds of deserving sick people are un
able to secure medic il attention, on ac
count of not bavin? the necessary lew dol
lars to pay physician's fee-, fience the
object and necessity of a free dispensary
located so as to reach all those and tem
porarily assiat them.
rip'initmn.
The arrow files with :h» wind. The top flgnrw
%t station Indicate maximum temperature for in*
d«Ti: those underneath It, If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted linen, equal temperature. The
word "bttfh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refer* to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rain*.
"Lows" us ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high In th« interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Improb
able. With a "high" In (he vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected ;n . summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition!
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Aobicttit
ture Wbatheb Bureau, Sax Francisco, Sept.
6, 1896, (r.K. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 62. Fresno 100, San Dieno 76, Red Bluff
98, San Luis « bispo 78, Yuma 104, San Francisco
63 .Lor Angeles 84.
San Francisco data— Maximum ' temperature 63,
minimum 5-1, mean 58
The prssure-has fallen decidedly over the
Plateau region and upper Missouri Valley. During
the past twenty-four hours there has bern a fall
Of nearly half an Inrb over North Dakota. The
pressure continues low throughout the great
valleys of California and In Arizona. An area of
high pressure appears to be moving in slowly on
the -North Pacific Coast.
The temperature has remained stationary over
the Pad tic lope: has risen decidedly over the
upp-r Missouri Valley and fallen over Colorado,
New Mexico and Utah.
There has been an Increase in cloudiness along
the coast and In Arizona. A trace of rain is re
ported at Carson City.
Conditions are favorable for cloudy weather with
little air ir; ing. and possibly light showers In
California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, September 7, 1896:
Northern California— Cloudy and somewnat
threatening weather with light, winds; continued
high tempera) s in the val.eys
southern California— Cloudy Monday along the
conn, possibly likht showers in the eastern por
tion: light westerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy and somewhat threatening
weather Monday; continue) high temperatures.
Utah — Cloudy and threatening weather, with
probably showers In th • northern portion; con
tinued high temperatures
— Cloudy and threatening weather, with
possibly light shower*; continued high tem
perature.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and some
what threatening weather Monday: light south
westerly winds: fog in morning. ■
A. O. McAdik. Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
SEPTEMBtB, 1596.
EMo. Tu. W. Th. Kr.jSa. Moon's Phases
1 2 3 4I 5 f9k >>»• Moon.
I*3/ S«pt. 7.
8
7 8 8 110 11 |12 Quarto:
! I Bepu 13.
\—
13 14 15 16 17 |18 It -* Full Moon.
>v 2/ Sept. 21.
20 21 22 23 24 25 26 "T-T T
{7*\ Last Quarter.
1^ Sept. '29.
27 28 29 ISO I I
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ep,
ure
r<im
an
ranc
• CO.
STEAMKR | DKBTINATION. |
HAILS.
I PIKR.
ABianchard uregon 00r.a.. Sept 7. 6pm ; Pier is
Truclcea.... coo* Bay Sept 8, Ipm ! Her 8
Colon Panama Sept 8.12 m PMS
Eureka Newport .' Sept 8. yam Pier II
WeeoK EH Kiv<ir sept 9. 12 it I Pier li
Arago Coos Bar. SeptlO.llU* I Her 13
State otCal. ronland ...... Septlo.lUAM Pier 21
Santa Rosa. Ban I)le«o . 8«ptlO.llAM Pier II
Dmatllla.... Pgt SndlSeptll, 9am Pier 9
hay.... Newpor. ; Sepil2. 9am I Pier II
Farallon.... Yaquina Bay. Sept 1 a 9am ' ier 2
Columbia... Portland ...... Sept 16. Hum | l*l<-r II
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
•STKAMKB
Froic
Duk
ate of ....I Portland I..Bept 7
Uniatlllo. ! Vlciorla * Pujet soand .[-Sent 7
Lrescent City... Crescent City Bent 7
Santa Rosa San Die-o .... . sent x
Weeott iKel River .'.....-.........: sept 8
* :MO I Coo* Buy Sept 9
Newport 'Pftn;ma Sept 9
Newsboy Tlllamoolc . «ept 9
Yaquina Seattle sent 9
Pomona Hum bold: Bay. "sept 9
Loos Bay Newport ..;... ..wept 10
City of Pelting.. China and Japan. Sept 10
Mackinaw jTnooma ..■.....„ Sept 10
Karallon Yaqulnn. 8ay..... l.Sept 11
Corona san Dle«a.... .Seat IS
Del None drays Harbor.. Sept 12
City Pnebla.... Vctorla i Puget Sound ..Sept 12
Columbia Portland '...... «- e pt 1
5un01... ......... Grays Harb0r.'...'....... ..Sept 14
0rizaba. ......;. Mexico :.. .. sent l 4
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
nit) udy »'(iiiij»iit;«» siv i •••;:. :t.i. - L
ACTUitt*tTV<./' THt«np»>lytc<tlKrT. f>
I?'(3SU>*. ... .*$U ilAih , .^1 . , O.OOXV
Nrtfil •• ii. iicf - i ftflri.
Notic— In the above exposition of the tides the
•arly morning tides are given in the left-hand
co! nnin, and the successive tides of the day In th*
order of occurrence ai to time. Th» second Mm*
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column give* the last tide of the day, except
when mere are but three aides, • as sometimes
»rcurs. The heights given. are additions to th*
soundings on th* United. States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign — ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractlvs
from the depth given by h>>-'"ir<. ■ ■••■■■
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
SUNDAY, September 6.
Stmr -Homer. Bomfleld,- 9i/a days from Dutch
Harbor; past and mdse, to North American Com
mercial C 0. .. ' • . .
Stmr Scotia, Johnson. 15. hours .from Albion;
165 Mft lumber, to Albion Lumber Co: 100 eds
bark.'to Beadle Jt Co. .' •
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson. 13 hours from Point
Art-iui; ra ro d ties, to L X White Lumber Co.
Stmr Albion, Lnndqulst, 19 hours from Needle
Hoc* : ens bark, o .1 «< Klrabatl.
6tmr Whltesboro, Johnson. 14 hoars from
Greenwoid: lumber, to L X White Lumber .""o.
Stmr Eureka, . Jepsen. UP hours . from Newport
and way ports; puss and mdse.to Ooodall, Perklru
4 Co.
. - Stmr Noyo. Levlnson. 14 hours from Fort Bragg;
puss and mdse, to .1 S KI ro I.HaaiIWMBMUmMJ
StmrSan Benlto, Smith, SO hours fromTacoma;
4600 tons coal, to S V Co. Oakland direct.
■■-tmr North Fork, Hansen. "■-".">■ ho;irs from Eu
reka; pass nnd mdse. to Charles Nelson.
stmr Cleone. Johni»n. M hours from Hardy
Cr«-ek: bar.i. i<> \Y A Mitchell. Up river liredt.
stmr Weuport, Jacob*. 6 hours from Cornell
limited wltli fishing puny.
Stmr Alcaz.tr, Uunderson, 46 hours from
Newport, buiiasi o L fc. vVnlte Lumber Co.
Stmr Olpsy. Leland B hour* trom Monterey
etc; produce, to Uoodall. Perkins it Co.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 10 hours from 8od«ga;
20 bxshmtcr, to Row* Hewli-,:.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, 20 hours from
Uaal; bark, to Beadle Jt Co. Keawood City direct.
Sailed.
SUNDAY. September 6.
Stmr Oeo Loom!*. Brldgett. Ventura.
Stmr Westport, Jacobs. Usal.
S.mr Corona.' Hall, S.»n' i.leiro and way ports.
Stinr National City. Andresen, Eureka.
S;nu Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nicholson.
Stmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka.
liai ship F -S Ciampa, Cocurulle. Queenstown.
Haw ship John Ena, Madsen. Port Townsend.
Ship Orlen at, Parker, X 'iiaJmo.
Bark Columbia. Gove. Port Blakeley.
Bark Theobald. Swan. Cooks Inlet.
Schr Eva. Klitgard. Tacoma.
Schr Pioneer. Ha k. Columbia River.
Schr Corinthian, add art, Bowens Landing.
Schr Reliance, Skipper.
'lei** graphic.
POINT LOBOS. Sept. 6—lo p. m.— Weather
foggy: wind SW; velocity 16 miles.
Domestic Ports.
COOS BAY— Arrived Sept Stmr Arago, hence
sept 4.
PORT HA DLOCK— Sept 6— Schr Ma
weema. from Redondo.
Sailed Sept 6 — Sen r Laura May, for San Fran
cisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Sept 6— Jap stmr Mtlke Mam
for Yokohama ■ -
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Sept s— schr Meteor,
for san Pedro.
ASTORlA— bulled Sept 6-^tmr Signal, for
Puget Sound: bark Harvard, for Sinta Rosalia.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Sept Bar* Mer
cury, for San Francisco; baric Topgallant, for Port
Pi.-ie.
EUREKA-Arnved Sept 6— Stmr Arcata, hence
Sept 5.
MKNDOCINO— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Point
Arena, hence Sept 5. -
Movement* of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
I NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 6-Stmr Pa atla, i
from Hamburg; stmr Li Normandle, from Havre;
stmr Russia, from Hamburg.
HAVRE— Arrived out Sept. Stmr La Bre
taicne.
QUEENSTOWN— BaIIed Sept 6— Stmr TJmbrla,
for New York.
PRAWL« POlNT— Passed Sept 6— Stmr Man
cb<»n. from Bremen, for New York.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Sept 6— Stm Rhyn
land, from Liverpool and Queenstown.
Importations.
LOS ANGELES VIA SAN PEDKO— Per Eu
reka—4 crts swl.chboards. 1 cs paper, 1 piano. 2
bxs stamped good*, 16 crts bicycles, 3 pkgs mdse.
Ye tura— 3 bills pelts, Ics clothing, Ibx books,
1 cs mdse. 81 bxs lemon*. 21 bxs oranges, 786 sks
dried apricot 1 coop fowl, Isk beets.
Santa Barbara— ll bxs old plate, 2 bxs fish, 161
bxs lemons.
Gaviota— 3s s<s crawfish, 12 bdls dry fish, 28
sks wool, 1 bdl pelt,.*.
Port JUarford— l9 bxs fish. >-" ' I
PC By stations— l cs cigars, 2 bdls hides, 1 bbl
oil, 1 draper, 3 bxs butter. 9 cseegs. 1 cs nats, 1
Dkg mdse, 1 cs plants, 589 Sks barley, 1360 ski
wheat.
Carucos— 37o sks wheat, 6 bbls 1 bx butter, 2
cs eggs, 1 coop turkeys. 11 dressed calves.
Sao Simeon— l hi abalone shells. Ibx shoes, '2
tuns 7 bxs butter, 2 cs eggs, 1 pkg mdse.
Newport— l74l sks barley, 194 bxs raisins.
East San Pedro— l42 sks corn, 2 bxs seed.
San Pedro— •£ sks harness, 11 pkgs mdse.
FORT BRAGG— Per .Noyo— l saw, 1 roll carpet,
3cs electrical goods, 1 pkg groceries. 1 cs meat,
274.0.2 ft lumber.
EUREKA— Per North Fork-1 bale dry goods,
ft cs seed, 12 sks slue sioc*. 7 pkes machinery, 1
bdl hardware, 1 bdl dry goods, 19 sks peas, 1 sic
amm, 1 safe door, 167 Mft lumber, 2674 M
shingles, 90 M shakes.
WAT->ONVILLE-Per Gipsy— 4o test weights.
Blanco— l cs eggs.
Moro Co j0— 917 sks potatoes.
Santa Cruz— l 6 bis sole leather, 4cs cheese, 2
bx* butter. 1000 bbls lime.
Pigeon Point— 9s bxs 40 twin drums 10 drums
cheese, 3 bxs butter. -
Amesport-16 bxs cheese, 8 sks beans. 61 sks
green peas, 4 bxs butter, 183 sks beans, 1713 sks
oats.
Consignees.
Per Noyo— Union Lumber Co: McPherson <fc
Rncker: W & J Sloane <fc Co: TUlmann <fc Bendel:
South Ban Francisco Packing and Provision Co:
Su.iset Telephone Co.
Per Eureka— H Dutard; E J Bowen 4 Co; J M
Hodee; Sunse- T & T Co: Easion <fc Hdridge; A
Gerberdinr A CO; C D Hunker & Co; J M Lelbold;
W B Sumner <fc Co: Pac flc Mnslc Co: A Paladini:
Chalx <fc Kernard; Hooter <fc Co: Eveleth & >"ash;
Porter Bros <fc Co; Harris A Co; Wood. Curtis <fe Co:
D X Allison ACo : i unningham.Curtiss ifc Welch;
L Scarena&Co: Field & Stone; Amer Press Assn;
American Union Fish Co;Tnos Dengan, Son A Co;
A L»vy A Co: M T Freltas <fc Co; Bisitn*er A Co:
J B Inguelia: G Camlllonl A Co: j B Stunner: sol
Kohn <£ Co; H Kirchmann A Co; Hooker* Co; E
J Kvans: Brlgham. HopDe A Co: Standard Oil CO:
Slnsheimerßros: Dodg-. Sweeney A Co; Bassett A
Bunker: LD. stone A Co; Dodge, Sweeney A Co;
J J Daffy A Co; Getz Bros A Co: A X Campbell;
Marshall. Teggart A Co; De Bernardl A Co: A H
Lachbaum: H>" Ttlden A Co : P 8.-rwin A Co; P
lr A Co: Cahn, NickelsburgACo: Hills Bros: E
J Evans: liilmer, Bredhoff A Schulz; California
Wine Assn: Western Meat Co.
PerGlpsy— Wolf A Son; L G Sresovlch A Co ; F
H Hammer; Herman Joon: Norton, Feller A Co;
_______ OCEAN TRAVEL. !
PACIFIC coast steamship company
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FHOM J*OL*
Uroadway wharf, San Francisco, as-K&aSs.
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Juneau, KU- I
Hsnoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. it., Sept. 11, 36.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.), Port Town- ,
send, Seattle, 'Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and !
New W. attorn (Bellineham Bay, Wash.). 9a. m.
S»pt. 1, 6, 11, 18. 21, 26. and »-very fifth day there
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. K.
X., atTa<oraa »i:h N. P. R. X., at Seattle with G. 1
.K. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers, i
For lureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) sir. Pomona 2 r. M., Sept. 2, 6. 10, 14,
18. 13, 16. 30. and every four day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cavucos,
Port Harford (san I uls Obispo), Gaviota, Santa !
Burba™. Ventura, Hueneme, ban Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
8-pt. 4,8,12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth i
day thereafter.
For Han Dieiro. stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obtspo), ?-anta Barbara, Port Los An-
geles, Kedoutio (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11 1
a. it Sept. a, 6, 10. 14, 18. *2, 16, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsemtda. San Joiedel Cabo. Mazatlan, La I
Pax and Guay mas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. M. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street. i
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
ASTORIA AIPOBTLANfI
$6 Second Class, .$l2 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTH > INCLUDED.
Columbia sails ....... ..Aug. 16, 26, Sept. 5, 16,35
fciaie of California sal W
Aug. 21, 31, Sept. 10, 20, 30 '<,
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier '.M) at 10 a. it
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Genl. Supts.
F. V. CONNOR, General Agon*,
630 Market a treat. ,
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ "ft™
HAWAII, SAMOA, |W HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, Bl >▼
AUSTRALIA. \JPs.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. ALAMH.IIi sails via HONOLULU and j
A Ul'KLA.vi) for SYDNEY. Thursday, September
8. r% AU -TRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues- j
day, septetxber 22. a 10 a.m. Special party rates.
LInetoCOOLUARDIE, Aust-, and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J I). SPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents.
lit Montgomery s'.reat.
Freight Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco.
COHPAGME GENERAL TBIISATLUTIQUB
FrenoH JAr\"*' f-'y Ha— i.
COMPANY'S PIER (NE W).42 NORTH _W««
\J River, foot of Morton sc Travelers br f?>'fw
this line avoid both transit oy English rail way "aal
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small I
boat. New Yore to Alexandria, Egypt, via Pan* \
lirbi-<-'US.i *:**>: second-claas, 911_
LA BOUROOONE s ip .5,9 A. M.
L. -• ■■'£ • Sept. 12, sa. m.
LA TOURAINE ...sept. 19, I a. it.
LA (.Aslxi-VK.. ....Sept. _6. 3 a. it.
LA BBKTAGNE Oct. 8. 7A. it ;
gjj~ For further particulars npptv to
, A. FOUGHT. Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green, Ne-.v York.
J. T. FUOAZI CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery :
avenue, San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT. i
STEAMERS' LEAVF. ABPINWALL >*♦»_
fortnightly for the West Indies and '"53
Southampton, calling en route at Cerboarcii.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mail S. 5. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports In England and Germany
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, .Southampton. First class, $195: third
class, *y? 50, . for further particulars apply to
PARKOTT & CO., Agents.
■ I Win rull'nrnlimt.'
STOCKTOX STEAMERS
IS" Accommodations Reserved by T<,i,, nh «
m, « «r  STEAMERS:
Dallrlo-™ STR - MpkuCKIXoT } ilo ™-
ii.V°-30P u'*^°l'- «•_ (^turday, •*1«:SII
Z* :andiug.^ 2 », Li&VSki
•ian4Br.it trip, ou: y . H^'f V 11 *«**
*• ICxcursion trip. Glvej 5 hours at Navy-yard. '•■
CTiAMKII ALVI!*O LEAVF- PIFK 1 nVii
itttt^RMßnii
Marshall, TeßKart & Co; Wheaton, Brton&Co- a
\V Fin*: standard oil 1." > : Thomas liOughran- H
Datanl: Brlgham, Iloppe&Co: a Ualli Fruit Co
51T Kreitaa «£ Co: Buna... >very ; D Blasi A Co :
L'E Whltner&Uo: Kion TannineCo: iJarron &
Funk: Tillmann & Beadel: l)odsp. Sweeney <fe (0( 0 -
Dairymen's Union . Uetz JJros A Co; Benin & i^l
°Per North Fork— Cox Seed and Plant Co; Ap
Well & Co; Dunh th. Carrlvan ACo: California
Glue Works: Marshall. Teggart & Co: Chas .\>i.
son- Carrol & Carro • Tlllmatin &. Benilel ; Wolf
Ivroipr, A Co: Levi Strauss* Co: 1 H.-mann. '
RAILROAD TRAVELJ
SOCTHKRK PACIFIC COMPANY.
(Pacific UYSTEM.)
I.EATB — September 3,1896. — A^T^
~»6T00\ Niks. San Jose and Way Stations... «, :1 ,-
-7:OOa Atla-.itij fixiweaj, Og<lcn ami l.aat.. 8:13,
7:OotAßcnicU VacaTiLe, Rumscy. Sacra-
- tnento, Orovillo and Uedding via
1 7:OO a Martinez,' San' Mi monV Napa.* V;;.' " 45 *
7:OOa Martinez, San Kiraou, Napa, Calu.
toga and Santa E05a.. ............ 6:is F
' •iIIOa Nile"* .San Jose, lock ton, lone.
Sacramento, Jlarysvillo and K«d
Bluff 4:IS P
•8-.30.V Peters awl Milton • *7:13p
9:««>a LO3 Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
U.arbaraand l.<« Angeles 4t45p
9:OOa. Martinez and Stockton 11:15*
9:00 a. VaUcjo...... • -•• 0:15 P
l:OOp Nil. i, San Joso and Llrermore H:lr> v
•l:OOp S^crjimcnto BiTCt Steamers *U:»op
+l:30p Port Costa and Way Stations t :45p
4:OUr Martinez, Han llamon, Vallejo,
Napa, Oalistoga, 151 Verano and
Santa Itosa 9:13 a
*iOOj» Benicia, V;ic.-.Tille, Esparto, Wood-
land. Knights Landing. Maryg-
Tills, Orovillo and Sacramento .... 10: 13.
4iS«rNiles, San Joso, livermore and
Stockton .. 7:13p
4:3 dp Merced, Ecrenda, Raymond (for
Yosemitc) and Fresno 11:43 a
OiOep New Orleans l^xt>res3.Fresno.Baken>
field, Santa l>;irbar:i,l<n.i Angeles,
Demiug, El Paso, New Orleans and
East 10:15*
OiOOr Santa l-'o Route, Atlantic Express
forMojavo and East 10:13 a
5:00p VaUcjo 11:43 a
6:o<>t> Kuropcan Mail, Ogden and East.... 9:13 a
6:OOi> ITayuards, Nilcsand Kan Jose 7:15*
t7:OOp Vallejo t7:43p
7:00p Oregon Impress, Sacramento. Marys-
villo, Redding. Portland, Puget
> Sound awl East 10:434
SAKTA <:>U)Z IUVI-»IO.N (Marrow tiangej. ~
♦7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Fanta Cruz
and FrincipU Way Stations !8:03p
■ :15a Newark. Centvrvill^.Saii. lose. Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 9:30p
•a:lsp Newark. Centcriillc, San Jose, New
Al-.naden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *ll:%0*
4:l!ip Newark. Han .lone and l.os (.'.itnu.... !»:50*
COAST VISION (I'liinl «V Tomisrnil Ntn.)
•6:45 a San Jose and Way .Stations (Mew
■> Almaden Wednesdays only) 0:47 a
1~:3Oa. Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, and
Principal Way Stations tB:33r
8:15 a San Jose, Trea Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific drove. Paso Robles, San
Luis Ol>ispo, OuadaJupa and Prin-
cipal Way Stntiuus 7:03p
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations U:3op
- lU:4Ua San mid Way Stations 3:00p
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Station 3:30p
•2:3 Up San Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose,
Gilroy, Trea Plnos, Haute Cruz,
Salinas,MontereyandPacißcCrnTe *IO:40a
•3:3<ip San Jose, Pacifio Grove and Way
Stations *I:30p
•4i3Op San Joso and Way Stations *M:00a
3:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *(*:4Sa
O:3Op San Joso and Way Stations 0:33 a
fll:15\- San Joso ami Way Stations '.. ♦~t-!sp
' SAX lifcAMiKO A.NO HAYWVKDS UM:al!
{•O:OOa "I - ~( 7:13 a.
8:OUa i9:45a
I*oSa Seminary Park, s?fjg*
**£& Fitehb«rjr,Sa a L«a«dro >fjJ»J
3:00p I , n & I 4:43 p
4:00p ? 3:13p
g:gop n . «ds. •«**
7:«0p «:41p
8:00p . _ . . . „., 9:43p
9 . 00p « Runs through to Nilea. 1 0 : -,<> p
tfll:lsP^ From Niles. 1. tfl2:oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN PRINCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip —
•7:15 9:CO 11:00 a.M. }1:00 *2:00 $3:00
*4:00 t5:20 •6:00 p.m.
From OAIUHD— of Broad w»t. — *6:00 B*o
10:00 a.m. $12:33 *l:00 13:00 *3:CO 11:00
'5:00l-.M.
A for Morning. P for A f ternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only,
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
SMFRAMSCO& NORTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
ttburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WKEK DAYB— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 A.U.; U-fE,
S:80, 5:10, 6:80 r. v. Thnrsdays-KxtPatrtS
ltd li^o'pf'if. y ßxut * M » "* I**
BUNDAYB— 7:30, 9:30, 11:00 A. M.: 1:30, 3:3*
6:00, 6:20 p. v. ' —
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:I3, 7:50. 9:10. 11 10 a. w.
" U ?So.\h26 7 F?K.' * 11:1 ° *• M>: l! *°- B!4 *
Batween San Francisco and Schaetzea Park uai
ached ale as above. •«■•
T V TnHtM Arrive
aan Franciaco. San FrancUca
ssi sa; i w A ' V ?
7:30 ax 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pk 10:10 am
ft :10 pm 5:00 Pit Santa Rosa. 7:30 ru 6:15 ru
Fulton,
7Soau I Fulton, 10:10 am
Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsbarg,
IGeyserville,
8:30 ru 7:30 am] Cloverdale. 7:30 ru 6:10 fk
Pieta, " ~~*
7:30 am Hopland A 10-10 ah
8:30 pm 7:30 AM tfklah. 7:80 m 6:15 pj
7 :30 AM ~~~ " 10:10 am
7:30 am Querne 7 :30
3:30 ™ . 6:10 pm
7:80 am 7:30 am! Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:lo pm 5:00 pm{ Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am 1 7:30 ami Seba BtoDoL 110:40 am 1 10:10 am
B:3opm|6:oOpm| oeoaaK> P° l - I 6:ottgx| 6:15 PM
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Geyservllle for Skajrsrs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kclseyville, Soda Bay and l^keport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiatt Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bin*
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buclc-
uell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Boonevilla.
«reenwood, Git's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City.
rort Bragg, Westport, Usal, WUleta, Canto, Co-
Wlo, Laytoavlile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at redooea
■Mem
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all oolnta b*>
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offlc>?B, 6so Market at., Chronicle hnildln*
B. C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. AgeoU
Atlantic A^m»
Pacific jgggssL
'Trains leave and arriva at iSiySmggllaM
Market-Street Ferry. rMgS^?^^^2
SANTA FE EXPRESS. WgMm
To Chicago via A. St I> . Vs£rt*2sSovn" El
Direct Line V^fl<Y»?yp--^gg^
Leaves every day at sp. m., car. . ..„ . nl.man
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also -Modern I p.
hoisted Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen -
an bedding and In charge of a porter, run dally
throu,h to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex cars
for Denver and St. Louis. *
Persona ly conducted Boston Excursions via
Kansas City, Chicago, Montreal and the White
Mountains leave every Wednesday.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties: no dust: interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St., Chronicle Huilrtlug. TeleuhnneMaln
153!. Oakland, 1118 Broadway.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
 (Via Sansalito Ferry).
*Rom San Francisco, . 61'nin- nc-lng June 15, 1893.
WKKKDAYS.
For Mill alley and San Rafael — 7:00, *BtOo
•9:16 10:16, 11:15. a. m.; -1:-16, 3:20. 4:15,
5:15. *^,:00. ,:35 p. M.
Extra trips lor San Rafael on Mondays, W«dn»a-
Oaypand Saturday^ at 11:30 p. m.
. 'SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael - "8:00, *9:00,
•10:00, 11:3Ua: St.; **i*:3j. »J :30, *2:15, *4:0 O.
6:30, 6:45. 8:30 p. m. Jvxtra trip to Sausalltoac
11:00 a. m.
Trains marked * run to San Qnentin. •♦13:30
p. m. does nut run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS..
For Point Reyes ana way stations— 9 a. M,
Sundays.
For Point Reyes, Cazadero and way stations-*
8:00 a. M. Sundays; 1:45 r. m. *««icd«jra.
MILL VALLEY ASD MOUNT TASALPAIS
mm ijAilway;
ON AND AFTER TUl.lt -DAT. AUGUST 27
train will connect with Nor: a Pacific Coast
Railroad as follows: Week Days leave San Fran-
cisco 11 :45 a. m. ; returning arrive In Man Fran-
Cisco v. m. Sunday: Leave San Francisco 9
A. M. and 1 :30 p. M. ; returning arrive in San Fran-
cisco 3:30 and 6:30 p. m. Tickets can be secured
In advance or •->.-■•■
a iios. COOK & BOS, 621 Atarkat at.THE DAWN OF A
UNITED PARTY
Passing of the Old Machine
in Alameda
County.
HOPE FOR REPUBLICANS
Relief From Those Who for Two
Years Trailed the Party
in the Dust
OAKLANDERS ABHOR PENNIES
The Army and Navy Republican
League Set an Example That
Is Worth Following.
OAXLAin} Ofticb Sas Fbaxcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 6. f
The Republican County Central Com
mittee framed its death warrant yesterday
when it decided upon a call for the county
convention. It is hardly likely that any
of the members will be re-elected, and the
Republican party in Alameda County is
justly rejoicing. To the maladministra
tion of the present county committee is
directly traceable all the dissension that
has soiled the party's escutcheon during
the past two years and which all Repub
licans, who are such for principle only,
unite in deploring. The present commit
tee, although not elected till the close of
the last county convention, naturally
dominated that convention, and their at
tempts to force upon the Republican
voters candidates who were merely clay
in the hands of the potter brought about
the disruption of the party in what was
for many years the banner Republican
county in this State.
Nothing could be done till the opening
of the present campaign and the Repub
lican party proper asserted itself. Its first
step was to prevent the County Commit
tee from resolving itself into a campaign
committee in the interest of a congres
sional candidate. The State Central Com
mittee ordered that all delegates should
be elected at primaries, and as proof of its
judgment being right and in the best in
terests of the party it only remains to be
said that not one of the delegates elected
by the County Committee was elected at
the primaries.
The history of the present County Com
mittee has been a history of scandals.
For a long while it could not meet for
lack of a quorum. County Committeem en
who should have been attending to the
trust reposed in them would look out of
the windows of surrounding offices and
make fun at the efforts of the minority to
obtain a quorum.
This spirit actuated the majority of the
men who, for a time, were the figureheads
of the party. That they were never in con
trol is best proved by the fact that when
ever an issue went before the party at
large it has invariably been defeated. Any
man who goes before tne people this No
vember wearing the political livery of
"the machine" had better withdraw from
the contest.
It is far better that the present crisis
should have occurred in a Presidential
year, because it will be much easier to re
store decency and unity to the party un
der a banner inscribed with McKinley and
Hobart than any other. To perpetuate a
family or clique in office is not Republi
canism, although it is all the party fealty
ever shown by the fast-dying committee.
In the History of Alameda County
(1876), referring to the first county election
in 1803 is this paragraph:
Those who had the largest share in shaping
affairs in the new county at the start were
Henry C. Bmith, Judge A. M. Crane, A. M.
Church and Horace W. Carpentier. The
southerly end possessed the controlling influ
ence, as it carried off the county seat and
nearly, if not all, the offices.
Thus was the Church-Carpentier alliance
launched upon this county at its very
birth and the same, under slightly differ
ent environments, continues to this day.
And this is the reason the lobby langhed
yesterday afternoon when County Com
mitteeman Rod Church declared dramat
ically that be had no other interest at
heart than the good of the Republican
party. As proved at the last primary Mr.
Church is wrong, for the machine and the
railroad are not the Republican party in
Alameda County.
William R. Davis, George C. Pardee,
Guy C. Earl, W. H. Friend, C. G. Dodge,'
W. W. Knickerbocker and many others
associated with them have undertaken to
regain for this connty the Republican
banner that was carried south about two
years ago, and it is believed they will do
it. They have proved their ability to
carry the county, and there is no doubt
that the next primary will be a repetition
of the last— a complete repudiation of the
County Committee.
Oakland has no use for pennies nor for
penny papers- The little brown coin was
very unpopular during the few weeks an
attempt was made to introduce it in this
city. One conductor on the Alameda
road, although probably not rich enough
to throw money away, fairly expressed
the sentiment of the majority. He took
five pennies from a passenger and then
indignantly tossed them into the marsh
with the remark, "I don't intend to turn
in such trash as that." Merchants did
not like them and about the only thing
that they would purchase was the penny
paper that tried to introduce them. They
and the paper disappeared together. There
was a general feeling that to deal with
pennies instead of nickels was the inau
guration of a cheaper age than that which
we now enjoy and all are pleased at their
disappearance, except the man who pre
sented a handful to a Southern Pacific
collector, had them refused and brought a
damage suit. To him and the company
their memory is still dear, though in
different ways. ; ' ' ■
The Army and Navy Republican League
of Oakland has set an example that is
worth following in every town and city in
the country. They have fitted up a large,
well-lighted and comfortable hall on
Eighth street in which to hold regular
meetings. The main object, however.
has really become a minor one. Instead
of closing up the hall as soon as a meet
ing is finished it is maintained as an open
reading and club room. . It is well-kept
and the large tables are supplied with the
cream of Republican campaign literature
and never less than fifty veterans are
tnkini: advantage of Alt is a recognized.
campaign center and is the only one of its
kind in this city. S. W. B.
EXIT, THE MANAGER.
Tbe Veterans' Entertainment at Hay
wardi Was Not Given.
HAYWARDS, Cax., Sept. 6.— There was
to have been an entertainment here last
night for the benefit of the fund for pur
chasing a burial plot for the veterans. The
audience assembled, but the greater part
of the talent was not present and the
manager had disappeared.
William Lansing, the manager, who was
staying in Haywards for his health, had
consented to manage the entertainment.
It was advertised and seemed to be well
attended to, but last night Lansing could
not be found, his arrangements could not
be learned and some of the veterans had
to announce that there would be a dance
and that the entertainment would begiven
two weeks hence. No reason can be given
for Lansing's disappearance nor can he be
found.
League of the Cross Bally
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 6.— The first
open rally of St. Joseph's Branch of the
League of the Cross took place this after
noon at the convent school, in West
Berkeley. About 300 visitors were pres
ent, completely filling the hall. The cen
tral topic of discussion was temperance.
STARTED FREE OF DEBT
Dedication of the Pioneer Scan
dinavian Baptist Church of
the State.
From a Small Beginning the Congre
gation Grew Till It Needed Its
Own House of Worship.
Oaklakd Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Bept. 6. f
The Danish and Norwegian Baptists
now have a pretty house of worship of
their own. This afternoon their new
edifice was dedicated to the service of God
by Rev. C. M. Hill, pastor of the Ninth
avenue Baptist Church of East Oakland.
The new church, which is the first Bap
tist church to be built by Danish and
Norwegian citiiens in California, is
located near the corner of Twenty-fifth
avenue and East Fourteenth street. It
was organized in July, 1891, with twelve
members, and this increased till there is
now a comparatively large congregation.
Rev. N. lysehesen, the pastor, made a
few historical remarks. Rev. Knute Nel
son was pastor for the first year, and the
present pastor was called in January, 1893.
For a year the regular meetings were
held at Woodmen's Hall; after that the
congregation moved to Liberty Hall and
later to the Pythian buildinc at Twenty
third avenue. The members and their
friends have been liberal enough to start
the church out free of debt.
Rev. C. M. Hill delivered a short and
appropriate address and formally declared
the place to be at God's service." Rev. C.
H. Hobart, Rev. R. Whittater and Rev.
W. H. Latourette were also present.
THEY RODE IN DEEP MUD
The Relay Impeded by a Great
Storm in the Lake
Region.
New York, the Destination of the
Packet, Will Be Reached at
No^n To-Day.
Saturday night, all day yesterday and
last night the couriers of the New York
Journal and San Francisco Examiner bi
cycle relay floundered through mud and
water. The riders have traveled with the
rainstorm from the Missouri River to
Lake Erie. They are now twenty-four
hours behind schedule time, and will fin
ish the long journey about noon to-day
fully that much out of the reckoning.
The following special dispatches to Thk
Call tell of the hard features of the trip
from Erie, Pa., to Utica, N. V. :
BUFFALO, N. V., Sept. 6.— ln the face
of a storm and over road 3 into which the
tires sank over the rim, the hardy young
athletes to whom was intrusted the Jour
nal-Examiner packet brought it through
from Erie last night, reaching this city at
7:10 a. m. Rochester was reached at 12:05
F. M.
The Buffalo section, Erie to Rochester,
175 miles, was run in just seventeen hours.
The run from Buffalo to Rochester, 70
miles, was made at the rate of fourteen
miles an hour. Rain fell during the en
tire journey from Erie, and the roads were
in bad condition.
SYRACUSE, N. V., Sept. 6.— The Jour
nal-Examiner transcontinental relay race
messengers reached this city at 5:23 this
afternoon. Corporal A. E. Weed and
Harry Henry of Cortland came in from
Camillus on a tandem, covering eight
miles in eighteen minutes, a marvelous
ride under the circumstances, as the recent
rains had left the highways in a bad con
dition. Out of Syracuse excellent time
was made, and many minutes were made
up on the time lost in Ohio. Utica was
reached at 9:20 P. M.
The packet was due at Utica, N. V., at
7:44 p. m. September 5, but did not arrive
there until 9:20 p. it. September 6.
Couriers C. V. Horan, A. McCarthy,
Mike Leary and C. E. Lang sent this dis
patch to the Examiner:
BOWMANSVILLE, N. V., Sept. 6.-After rid
ing In the rain for seven hours arrived at
Bowmansville 7:30 A. M.
Harry Henry was chosen for the Ca
millus run because of his skill and daring.
He had to ride down Camilius Hill, near
Syracuse, a grade of 300 feet in one mile.
It is a descent which riders say is worse
than a toboggan slide.
At Syracuse 3000 people assembled to
hail the couriers. The riders came in
with mud clinging to their wheels. Three
minutes was the time of each of the
twenty-four miles of the run.
Saturday night two couriers started
from Silver Creek to Evans, thirteen
miles distant. Four n,iles out they floun
dered in the mud and darkness. The
water was so deep that they had to take
the Lake Snore railroad track. They had
just time to get out of the way of a freight
train. In wandering about with their
lanterns they stopped another train, the
engineer mistaking their lights for a sig
nal.
The couriers will be in Albany, 150
miles from New York, early this morn
ing. It is figured now that the packet will
ireach its destination at noon to-day.
Apparition of the Virgin.
CITY OF MEXICO, Mexico, Sept, 6.—
The question of the reality of the appari
tion of the Virgin of Guadalupe is berns
fiercely discussed. In consequence of his
expressed disbelief Edviardo Ranchez
Camacho, Bishop of Tamaulipas, has been
forced to resign, but Catholics iv his State
are largely supporting him. The Vatican
has been telegraphed to regarding the
matter.
Yon Sehouvnloff Out of Danger.
. WARSAW, Russia. Sept, 6.— The phy
sicians in attendance upon General yon
Schouvaloff, Governor of Warsaw, who
was yesterday reported to be in a critical
condition, having suffered an apoplotic
stroke, state that ii« is out of danger, ■ •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1896.
DEATH ATTENDS
THE DEDICATION
Jacob Letter Suddenly Ex
pires in the Synagogue
Beth-Israel.
ABOUT TO BE HONORED
And Been Accorded the Privi
lege of Lighting the Per
petual Light
NO WARNING OF THE END
The Deceased Was a Pioneer and the
First President of the First Hebrew
Congregation.
Oaklakd Office Pan Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, Sept. 6. f
Death was present at the re-dedication
services of tho synagogue of the First He
brew Congregation. It claimed the man
who was the first president of the congre
gation years ago, when Oakland was
young.
Jacob Letter, to whom had been as
signed the honor of lighting tne perpetnal
light in the temple, was sitting in a chair
in the synagogue, waiting for the ceremo
nies to begin. His head suddenly fell on
one shoulder and a minute later he died.
The knowledge of his death was not an
nounced, and until the ceremonies were
over the congregation was not aware of
the reason why their pioneer president
had not kindled the perpetual spark.
For some time past Mr. Letter has been
quite feeble. He was past 79 years of age,
but when it came time to rededicate the
synagogue, which has been removed to
Twelfth and Castro streets and thor
oughly renovated, he determined to be
present at the ceremony. His physician
advised against it, but he persisted and
went. He resides at 1016 Clay street, only
three and a half blocks from the syna-
The Synagogue of the First Hebrew Congregation Which Was Re
dedicated With Beautiful Ceremony Yesterday.
gogne, and so walked down there this
afternoon.
The act of lighting the perpetual light
is the highest honor which can be con
ferred on a layman in the dedication
service, and in recognition of his past
services he was chosen for this duty in the
rededication of the renovated synagocne.
He reached the steps nearly exhausted,
and Special Officer Vose, who was stand
ing at hand, offered his arm and assisted
him inside and to a seat in an empty
room below the main auditorium.
As Mr. Letter took his seat he pushed
his hat back and fell back into the arms of
those attending nim, expiring instantly.
When it was seen that he was unconscious
word was sent upstairs, and Dr. J. R.
Bradway. who was in the auditorium, was
called. When he arrived beside the body
he pronounced life extinct. Efforts, how
ever, were made to induce respiration by
artificial means, but to no avail.
Mrs. Letter and her son Benjamin, who
were in the congregation, were quietly
taken below before they were informed of
what had happened.
As soon as the congregation had all ar
rived, half a dozen friends carried the
body out the front, placed it in a hack
and removed it to his late residence.
Mr. Letter was a pioneer resident of
Oakland, having come here in the forties,
and has been in business here ever since.
He was the first president of the syna
gogue, in 1875, serving several terms, and
has always been one of the mainstays of
the coneregation. He was also a member
of the B'nai B'rith, Royal Arch Ma3ons,
I. 0. O. F., and the Encampment of the
latter. He leaves a widow, wno has a
daughter, Miss Rebecca Philips, by a for
mer husband, and three children/Benja
min and George, sons, who were in busi
ness with him on Broadway, and a
daughter, Mrs. Ida Swartz of Santa Cruz
THE DEDICATION.
Rabbi Voorsangrer Delivers an Ad
dress, and Children Sin?
"Hall, O Israel."
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 6.—The rededi
cation services in the beautiful auditorium
were carried out without a hitch.
The opening of the ark and taking there
from the sacred scrolls were p erformed by
President Julius Abrahamson. Rabbi M.
Friedlander read a selection from Genesis,
after which he lit the perpetual light. The"
temple invocation was given by E. Bern
stein, and the dedicatory by Rabbi J.
Nietoof San Francisco. The sacred scrolls
were restored to the ark by J. Rosen bers,
and the keys of the building were pre
sented by S. Kahn of the building com
mittee.
Rabbi J. Voorsanger of San ifrancisco
delivered the dedicatory sermon. It was
a masterly effort, and he was compli
mented by many afterward. He gave a
complete account of the synagogue, from
the early Jewish days to the present time,
and urged his hearers to a higher and ho
lier life hs they now began to worship in
the renewed house.
Rabbi M. Friedlander consecrated the
edifice, and Rabbi M. S. Levy made an
address, aftor which the service was
closed by Rabbi J. Fryer by a fervent
prayer.
SUNDAY'S COURSING.
Whits Chief, Flashlight, Don Caster,
Lightning nnd Jim Daly Won
Yesterday.
The short ends beat the favorites hand
ily at Ocean View Coursing Park yester
day, and the big crowd of leashmen saw
the speedy Grauuaile, who was thought to
have a chance for first money, go down
before California Violet while selling a 6 to
1 favorite. The defeat of Eldridge by
Eclipse was hardly less of a surprise,
though the former was only a 3 to 1 favor
ite. White Chief took the final from
Archie Merrill's clever bitch Faster and
Faster m a rattling course. Hares, judg
ing and slipping were satisfactory. Fol
lowing is the result of the rundown.
California Violet beat Granualle.Whtte Chief
beat Climax, White Rustic beat White Lily
Magnolia beat Evening Star, Fearleis beat
I Handspring, Best Trump beat Leinster Boy
False Alarm beat Maud Q, Uncle Sam beat Bill
Nye, Olden W beat Fireball, Lady Crockett
beat Black Prince, Faster and Faster beat An
nie Daly, Fairy beat Princess Diana, Lillian
Rnssell beat Fairy D, Eclipse beat Eldrldge
Fireman beat DuDlin Siout, Little Beauty beat
Royal Stag.
First ties— White Chief beat California Vio
let, Magnolia beat White Rustic, Fearless beat
Best Trump, False Alarm beat Uncle Sam
Olden W beat Lady Crockett, Faster and Faster
! beat Fairy, Eclipse beat Lillian Russell, Fire-
I man beat Little Beauty.
' Second ties— White Chief beat Magnolia
Fearless beat False Alarm, Faster and Faster
beat Olden W, Fireman beat Eclipse.
Third ties— White Chief beat Fearless, Faster
and Faster beat Fireman.
Final— White Chief beat Faster and Faster.
On Sunday next two stakes will be run,
an old do* stake at $1 entrance, with $15
added, and a puppy stake at $1 50 en
trance, with a $40 cup and $10 added.
Two stakes, one for old dogs and one
JACOB LETTER, Who Was the First President of the First Hebrew
Congregation in Oakland. He Expired Suddenly at the Rededi
cation of the Synagogue Yesterday.
for saplings, were decided yesterday at In
gleside Park in the presence of a good
crowd, Flashlight winning the former and
the latter being divided. Following is the
result of the rundown for the all-aged
stake:
Gold King beat Tullamore. Sunnyside Maid
beut Mountain Dew, Rapid beat Active, Lass
o'-Gowrie beat Wlll-o'-the-Wlsp, Belle of Mos
cow beat Defender, llarkaway beat Mountain
Daisy, Premier beat Foxhall, Jasper beat Wee
Nell, Molly Bawn beat Lady Clare, Sausalito
beat Domestic, Jack Dempsey beat Jimmy
Cobb, True Blue beat Temescal Rancer, High
land Mary beat Dan C. Blue Light beat Lady
lugieside, Daisy beat Gripman, Flashlight beat
Galloping.
First ties— Gold King beat SunnyEide Maid,
Lais o' Gowrle beat Rapid, llarkaway beat
Belle of Moscow, Premier beat Molly Bawn,
Jasper beat Sausalilo. True Blue beat Jack
Dempsey, Highland Mary beat Blue Light,
Flashlight beat Daisy.
Second ties— Lass o' Gowrie beat Gold King,
llarkaway beat Premier, True Blue beat Jas
per, Flashlight beat Highland Mary.
Third ties — Lass o1o 1 Gowrie beat Harkaway,
Flashlight beat True Blue.
Final— Flashlight beat Lass o' Gowrie.
The Puppy Stake resulted as follows:
Don Caster beat Lillie Twist, Miss Murphy
beat Honest John, Lightning beat Dora Thorn,
Blue Belle beat Blue Cloud, Pat Murphy beat
Dairy Maid, Jim Daly beat Rodrigo.
First lies — Don Caster beat Miss Murphy,
Lightning beat Blue Belle, Jim Daly beat Pat
Murphy.
The linals were not run, Don Caster, Light
ning and Jim Daly taking first, second »Dd
third, in the order named.
On Wednesday next a $250 old dog
stake, with $50 added, will be run. The
drawing will take place at Delta Hall to
morrow evening.
AFTER MANY MILLIONS
General Hart Makes an Interesting
Report on the Valuable Har
lem Tract.
General W. H. H. Hart has just re
turned from New York, where he has been
in the interest of the Pacific Coast Asso
ciation of Harlem and Aneke Jans Heirs.
At a meeting held on Saturday night at
320 Post street the well-known attorney
made a lengthy report of what be had ac
complished during his sojourn in the
Eastern metropolis.
General Hart reported that the Su
preme Court of New York decided in 1887
that the Harlem Tract belonged to the
following heirs: John Dfilvallo, Joish
Obeiinus, Isaac Delamater, Adolph Meyer,
Jan Dykemann. Peter Obeiinus, Hester
Delamater, William Haldron, Peter
Mermedier, Resolved Waldron, Barent
Waldron, Daniel Tiernier, John Spragge ,
John Devost, Lawrence Jassen, Jan
Magel, Cornelius Jansen, Jaqualine
Tournear, Johanuis Vervelan, Abraham
Fountain.
The attorney stated that all required of
the heirs of the parties named was to pro
duce proof of relationship and they would
receive their proportion of the property
which is valued at $300,000,000. The local
association numbers about 150, among
whom may be mentioned H. O. Brower,
L. M. McKenney, Dr. B. B. Brower, Al
fred Clement, Mrs. J. S. Halsted, Mrs. A.
M. Fettes, Mrs. H. de la Montanya. Mrs.
J. A. Hall, Mrs. M. H. Koster, W. H.
FrancLioo, F. B. Gee, Miss Susie Prindle,
Henry M. McKenney and J. G. Brower.
It is the purpose of the various associa
tions throughout the United States to ask
the Supreme Court of New York to assess
the property 1 per cent in order to create a
fund, which will be used in establishing
the claims of those who are too poor to
bear the burden. A new organization was
formed, with H. 0. Brower, president; 11.
H. Francisco of the Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe road, secretary, and Mrs. J. A.
Hall, treasurer.
The story of the litigation over the Har
lem and Trinity church property is older
than the Declaration of Independence,
but there geems to be no reason now to
doubt that the Harlem tract is in a fair
way to return to the rightful owners.
•—• — ♦ — «
CRICKET ACROSS THE BAY
The Pacific and Alameda Clubs Gain
Decisive Victories.
The cup cricket matches played yester
day resulted in favor of the Pacifies and
Alamedas. The former were pitted
against the Bohemians at Alameda and
came off conquerors by 9 wickets. Going
in first, the Bohemians, who were 8 men
short, were dismissed for 61 runs, 17 of
which were due to Reeves. The small
score was mainly due to Dickinson's
bowling and to the Pacifics 1 smart fielding.
But, small though the total was, it
would probably have suffered had it not
been for the Pacifics 1 star batsman, Rich
ardsoh. who, though giving a fairly good
chance in the deep field, put up a useful
inning of 53. The whole side compiled
82, tbe runs being ably kept down by
Robertson and Cookson.
In their second essay the Bohemians
only managed to compile 45, Bowhill and
Aitken doing most of the work. This left
the Pacifies 15 runs short of victory, which
were made at the expense of one wicket.
The game was without any particular fea
ture. The score:
" BOHEMIANS— FIRST INNING.
Dr. Bowhlll c O. Theobald b. Casldy. 6
J. J. Moriarty b. Dickinson 7
W. Robertson c. sew ell b. Dickinson "."" 9
G. I'ollock, run out o
A. K. Altken b. Casldy „„ q
W. Reeves, not out — 17
A. Luge, run out , " . 1
H. H. Cookson b. Richardson ...." 2
Extras. 0
Total. 51
Bowling analysis:
Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wickets.
Casldy GO 96 3 2
Dickinson 60 22 a ■ 3
Richardson 6 3 0 1
PACIFIC9— TIBST INN IXB.
J. Myers to. Cookson .', 0
O. B. Wise b. Robertson. 3
H. C. Casldy b. Kobertson. ."..".. 1
G. Theobald b. Robertson 0
H. Richardson c. Robertson b. Cookson 53
F. Sewell b. Cookson 5
H. E. Pocock c. sub. b. Cookson 3
O. Wiseman c. sub b. Cookson. 8
J. H. Harbou b. Robertson , 0
A. Dickinson b. Robertson , 2
T. J. a. Tledemann, not out ■ 1
Extras c
Total ; ~82
, Bowling analysis:
Balls. Huns. Maidens. Wickets.
Cookson. 78 37 3 'b
Robertson 80 39 8 5
BOHEMIANS— INNING.
Robertson c Pococfc b. Casldv 3
Moriarty c. Wiseman b. Casldj 4
Pollock c. Myers b. Casldy :  .1
Bowhllllc. Ktcbardson b. Casldy ltj
I .Reeves c. and b. Dickinson 2
Aitken c. Wiseman b. Casidy 12
Luge, not out 0
Cookson b. Cusldy  0
Extras 7
Total "45
Bowling analysis: - ,
Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wickets.
Caslay. J.. 65 28 1 6
Dickinson. 49 15 2 1
PACIFICS— SECOND IN NIKS.
Pocock b. Robertson. 0
sewell, not out.. 0
Richardson, not out r_"
Total ~ig
Grand Total 10
Bowling analysis:
Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wickets.
Robertson '27 12 2 1
Cookson 24 6 1 0
At Golden Gate the Alamedas easily de
feated the Californias. The latter played
a good losing game and have to thank
Brooks for the showing they made.
Hogue, Hellman. Seebeck and Bragg did
most of the batting for the victors. The
batting scores are as follows:
AUMECAS. *
C. B. Rogue 1. b. w. b. Gellatly 42
J. J. K. Peel c. fcanlnn b. sollom 3
O. Hellman c. Van .Norden b. Bollom. 48
V. Seebeck b. Banner ". 88
H. Dennis b. Banner. 5
C. H. Brag; not out... , , 24
t". McKerron b. Banner 12
A. F. Chambers b. Brooks' 1
K. Hood c. sub b. 8anner......: ;. 0
Extras. 13
* • Total ..ISO
CALIFOBNIAS.
J. B. Brooks c. Hogue b. Peel ....44
P. D. Gellatlyc. seebecfc b. Peel 13
V. Sollom c. Hellman b. Peel 15
G. Van Norden c. Seebecs b. Peel • 3
P. Scan! an b. Hoguo. 1
J. Scheldler b. Hogue. 6
F. Storm c. and b. Pee1.."..v....'.. ; ...:.......... 0
8. scheldlerc. McKerron b. Pee 1............;... 0
C. Banner c. Hellman b. Peel.. '8
G. Altbausen b. Hogue. .......' ■ 0
N. McUann not out. ..- 0
Extras..... 9
Total 99
Pacific Coast Postal JVote*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 6.—How
ard M. Ackiey of .Pasadena, Cal., has been
appointed a railway mail clerk.
C. H. Varney has been appointed Post
master at Crow, Lane County, Or., vice
Joseph lirown, resigned.
Steamboat mail service has been estab
lished in Washington, from Friday Har
bor, by West Sound, Oricos Island, East
Sound,' Newhal!, Oiea, Doe Bay, Urban
and Fairhaven to New Whatcora, three
times a week.
Gaunt Dying in Poverty.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 6.— Percy G.
Gaunt, author and composer of some of
the most popular songs of the day, "The
Bowery," and "Push Them Clouds Away,"
is not expected to live. He is suffering
from a complication of diseases. He is at
death's door with hardly means to obtain
the common necessaries oi life.
REALTY MARKET REVIEW,
A Good Many Sales Reported
and a Better Feeling
Prevails.
AUGUST BUSINESS RECORD.
A Variety of Building ani Mis
cellaneous Notes of
Interest.
Magee's Real Estate Circular contains the
following review of tne real estate market for
the month of August :
Considering the disturbed condition of
financial affairs generally, and that the foolish
hoarding of money has been so great that
there is said to be not a single box to let in
any of the safe deposit companies of the City,
there was a very good demaud for City real
estate last month. The most of the buyers
are persons of limited means, their purchases
ranging from $ 1000 to $4000. There are, how
ever, also, a good many investors of sums
ranging from $20,000 to $50,000, but of large
buyers, willinir to invest from $100,000 up
ward, there are very few. They find it almost
impossible, too, to get what they are after, be
cause, low as the prices of even the best prop
erties now for sale are, none of them are low
enough to suit present large buyers. There is
at present an unusually small amount of good
property lor sale, owntrs seeing nothing better
in which to invest their money.
We never remember a time when good aver
age vacant lots, all things considered, could
nave been bought so cheap as they can at
present. Lots near the park, which were
$■ 3000 tn $3 ( 50 each between the years 1889
and 1891. can now be had for $1800 to 52700
each. Even on Pacific Heights prices for
vacant land have Deen materially reduced.
Fairly located property there can now be
bought for 25 per cent lest than itconldtwo
to four years ago. The very best property
there, however, still holds its own. Those who
ever mean to acquire a homestead here should
note these facts.
The following is also from Magee's Circular:
MORTGAGES AND RELEASES FOR AUGUST, 1896.
By Whom Taken ob released.
MORTGAGES.
!
RELEASED.
No.
I
Amount.
r
No. I Amount.
Private individuals ißi s7l«"hkT"
Hlbernia Saving* and Loan Society ."K;!l"*l"*'M.\*!.' 84 418 463
Clay-street Savings and Loan Society " 8 3o'6V)
French Savings and Loan Society ' 2 8800
German Havings and Loan Society* """ 13 2a'<*nn
Humboldtßank .......1!... "• 3 I'soo
San Francisco bavinss Union ■•••-- < ie O7«*n
Security Savings BanT. 1"...."... ."'.." 1 6600
Mutual Savings Bank , 3 2760«
Columbus Savings and Loan Society ' 1 lA'nnn
Union Trust Company .". " 7 ' sn'oou
California Savings and Loan 50ciety.. 1...".......;.";.";'.;.';.".'. .... " ..:......,
85 $224,535
45 207,665
la 27,700
8 82,500
21 268,300
4 12,400
18 77,850
1 6,500
•J 6,200
1 2,900
Grand totals j 293 J $1> i 8 5,718
293
I
$1,165,718
192 *827,300
192
I
♦827,300
Naturally the savings banks did not lend
much last month, in view of the demand for
money on the part of depositors. Private
lenders have been partially, and are now able
wholly to supply all the money needed by real
estate borrowers. One loan of $150,000, due
to a savings bank, was taken at once by a pri
vate lender. The latter class is apt to ask 1
per cent a year more than the highest rate
charged by the banks.
Money n in much better supply at the sav
ings banks than it was three weeks to a month
ago, the demand lor money for hoarding pur
poses having in a great measure ceased, while
receipts for Interest from country borrowers
have been large for such an early period of the
harvest season. Many loans overdue have
been paid off, too, and much money has come
in from new depositors. Except for the state
of suspense due to the Presidential election,
affairs wouid soon be in their normal condi
tion.
The total number of mortgages recorded last
month was 293, of the value of $1,165,718,
and of releases there were 192, of the value of
$827,300.
EEVIEW OF THE EECOKDS.
Ninety-four transfers were recorded last
week.
Eighteen building contracts, pledging an
aggregate outlay of $49,640, were* filed during
the past week.
The number of mortgnges recorded last week
was forty-eight, aggregating $200,345. The
Drincipal loans, together with the security
given, are as follows:
By Walter J. Weatherly, $10,000 for one
year at 7 per cent on property in fifty-vara
block 168, on the southeast corner of Post and
Mason st-eets, south 137:6 by east 110; by
the Hibernia Bank, $29,000 for one year at
Gy 2 per cent on property in 100-vara blocK 393,
on the west corner oi Stevenson and Sixth
streets, northwest 30 by southwest 75, and on
the southwest line of Stevenson. 100 sonth
west of Sixth, northwest 25 by northwest 75;
by the trustees for Solomon and Ruth llyman,
$lt>,ooo for one year at 8 per cent on property
in fifty-vara blocks 306 and 198, on the south
east corner of California and Larkin, south 70
by east 87 :t>, and on the east line of Taylor,
112:6 south of Ellis, south 25 by east 137:6;
by Giovanni Perasso, $10,000 for two years at
6 per cent on property in fifty-vara block 204,
on the northwest corner of Francisco and Tay
lor, west 206:3 by" north 137:6; by the Hi
bernia Bank, $35,660 for one year at 6% per
cent on property in fiftv-vara block 280, ou the
south line of Sutter, 137:6 east of Hyde, east
60 by south 137:6, and on the north line of
Post, 137:6 east of Hyde, east 26:9 by north
137:6: and Dy the same, $75,000 loaned to
the Mercantile Library Association for one
year at 6l£ per cent on property at the north
east corner of Golden Gate and Van Ness ave
nues, easi 109 by north 120.
There were thirty-six releases granted, ag
gregating $87,993.
The largest one was for $10,000, granted by
the German Batik to Samuel and Bertha
Schouwasser on property on the east line of
Webster street, 117 feet north of Sutter, north
22:6 by east 1^7:6, and on property at the
northeast corner of Sutter and WeDster streets,
north 90 by east 59.
During the month of August the total num
ber of transfers recorded was 262, aggregating
$770,431.
SALES. •
Shainwald, Buck bee & Co. report a better
Inquiry for real estate, with sales this week as
follows: House and lot on Buchanan street
31x107:6, $16,000: house and lot on Guy
place, 50x70, $3500; lot on Potrero avenue,
near Twenty-second street, 25x100. $900; cot
tage and lot on Elisabeth street, near Sanchez,
25x100,52500; lot on California street, near
Tenth avenue, 25x100, $800; southwest cor
ner of Tenth avenue and California streer,
32:6x100, $1400: two lots on Eleventh ave
nue, near Clement street, 25x100, 5900 apiece;
house and lot on Jackson street, $7500; three
lots in the Polhtmus Tract, near Mcnlo Park,
$1000, $1200 and $1250 respectively. The
firm is loaning much money on property in
this City and in Oakland.
Among the sales of business property this
week by Thomas Magee & Sons were: A two
story brick building on the east side of Fre
mont street, between Market and Mission,
45:10x137:6, for $50,250. rented to the Spaid
lug Saw Company for $335 a month, the buyer
being Mrs. Eleanor Doe ; also lot 90x125, with
improvements, renting for $274 a month, on
the northwest corner of Ellis and Hollis
streets, for $21,000.
Baldwin & Hammond report the following
recent sales: Lot and improvements known as
712 Cole street, between Waller and Beulab,
being a ten-room residence, $6500; lot and;
improvements on south side of Pacific street,
70 feet east of. Hyde, 45i65, $3900; 10t35x
77:6 on east side ot Stevenson street, 135 feet
north of Thirteenth, with improvements,
$4025; lot and improvements on north line of
Fulton street, 106 feet west of Lyon, 25x
137:6, $4500; lot ou west line of Folsom
street, 173 feet south of Seventeenth. 75x
122:6, $3950; lot and improvements on
north line of Seventeenth street, 125 feet west
of Howard, 25x100. $3800; lot and improve
ments, southwest line of Rausch street, 100
feet northwest of -Folsom, 25x112, $3250; lot
and cottage west line of Chernbusco street,
near Cortland avenue, $2200; lot west side of
Eleventh avenue, 250 feet north of J street
25x120, $750; lot north side of McAllister
street, 125 feet east of Lyon, 25x137:6, $2100;
lot south hide oi Twenty-first street, 50 feet
east of Chattanooga, 25x104, $1400; lot north
side oil street, 82 :6 feet east of Tenth avenue,
50x100, $1500 ; lot «ast side of Third avenue
100 feet south of California street South, 25x
120, $1050; lot east side of Twelfth avenue,
225 leet south of Lake street, 25x120, $700;
two : lots, each 25x120, east side of Twelfth
avenue, 225 feet north of California street, at
725 eoch; lot south line of Beulah street,
131 :3 feet east of Stanyan,. 25x137 :0, $1250.
This firm also reports a good inquiry for lots
in the two blocks belonging to the Crocker Es
tate Company bounded by Frederick, Cole,
Beulah and Stanyan streets, which have just
been placed on the market. A number of
sales have been made in the Castro-street Ad
dition of unimproved lots, also a cottage in
this addition for $1500. .. - •
Bovee, Toy <fc Sonntag*s recent sales Include
a lot 50x137:6 on the: north side of Sutter
street, 187 ;6 east of Steiner, to W. J. Devereaux
for$6000; a l->t 37:6x137:6 on the south line
of Sutter street, 165 feet west of Kleiner, to
Charles Durand for $5000; a lot 20x100 on
the southeast corner of Russia avenue and
London for $500;' & lot 25x120 on the east lin?
Auction Sales
ah™ sale.
THIS DAY. (MONDAY), SEPT. 7.
Elegant Oak Furniture of private residence, 108
Larkln street, near Hayes. see morning papers.
L.H. BURP, Auctioneer.
of Twenty-fourth avpnne, 175 feet north of
California street, for $500; lot 24:6x96:2 and
improvements on the southwest line of Rnss
struct, lt>o:6 southwest of Howard, for $4500;
lots 14 and 15, Outside Lands block 81, foi
$1000, and a lot 25x100 on so.uth line ol
Union street, 170 feet east of Fillmore, irom
\Y. C. Dainond to M. G. Hummel for $1600.
Sol Getz <& Bro. made the following recent
sales: Lot, 20x100, on northerly corner ol
Persia avenue ana Athens street for $550; lot.
25x100, on northwest line of Athens street, 50
feet northeast of Persia avenue, for $300; lot,
25x120, on west line of Twenty-third avenue,
l'J5 feet north of California street, for $500:
lot, 24x100, on south line of I street, 82:6 feet
west of Ninth avenue, for $600; lot, 25x100,
on west line of Ninth avenue, 350 feet south of
X street, for $500; lot, 100x120, on west line
of Forty-second avenue, 100 feet north of U
street, for $400; lots 4 and 5 in block C, lot 16
in block A, lot 3 in block B, Getz addition to
Lakevtow.
Will E. Fisher <fc Co. report an unusually
heavy demand for houses and flats for this
season of the year. They say that the demand
ior nudern dwellings exceeds the supply, ow
ing to the limited number of first-class homes
and flats, especially houses, for rent. Among
the recent leases made by this firm is that ot
tbe Alexandria Hotel property on Sutter
street, belonging to the Wallace estate, and
the property of Chris Buckiey on Stockton
street, near Sutter, which will be converted
into a boardintr-house. They have also leased
to Mr. Hammersmith the Morgan residence on
Oak street.
Among recent tales made by this firm are
the following: Lot on Folsom street, between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth, for $1850; lot
25x122:6 on Shotwell street. In the same
block, for $1400; \vt 100x100 on Point Loboa
avenue, between Thirty-fourth and Thirty
fifth avenues, for $3000; two lots on Clement
street, near Thirty-fourth avenue, for $600, all
belonging to the Wallace estate; lot on Green
street, between Gough and Octavia, for $2150;
and Hats on Frederick street, between Ash
bury and Cole, for $6200; two lots on Second
avenue, between California and Clement
streets, each 25x120, for $1050. Generally
speaking they find business active and Im
proving, notwithstanding the disturbing
feature of the election campaign. They con
sider the prospects for an active fall and
winter market as very good.
A. M. Speck & Co. report having! rented 117
houses and flats during the month of Augusjt,
some ot the more important ones being the
store, 322 Ellis street; a 25-room house at 593
.Ellis street; a 40-room house at 138 Fourth
street, belonging to the Dimond estate; a 44
-room corner house at the southeast corner of
Van Ness avenue and Grove street, belonging
to Mr. Harris, the wool merchant.
This firm's principal sales were: Lot and
three flats, known as 344 Waller street, $6500;
lotand6-room cottage at 313 Halght street
for $5500; two lots and two6-room cottages at
14 and 16 Patton street for $1600 each; lot
and improvements at 714 Tehama «treet for
$2250; lot and cottage at 508 Baker street for
$4200.
MISCELLANEOUS NOTES.
David Bush, who for the past year and a half
conducted the country department of O'Far
rell & Co., has associated himself with G. H.
Umbsea & Co., where he will look after coun
try business. It Is but Just to Mr. Bush to say
that he did not In any manner participate In
the failure of O'Farrell & Co. His department
was to a certain extent quite distinct and in
dependent from the remainder of O'Farrell &
Co. s business, and during Mr. Bush's connec
tion with the house the transactions consum
mated by him were so large and numerous
.that thoy yielded a very handsome revenue
and formed a substantial portion of O'Farrell
& Co.'s Income during the period Mr. Bush was
with the firm.
Mr. Bush is well known as one of the most
active and energetic as well as most reliable
real-estate men in the City. In handling coun
try Dusiness he is especialiy adept, as he knows
almost every foot of land in th* State. His as
sociation with such a strong and well-known
firm as G. H. Umbsen <fc Co. will enable him to
enjoy especially favorable facilities for con
ducting his department. He has contracts for
the sale of many desirable properties, and his
lists of offerings published from week to week
will be found to contain many choice bargain!
in country lands, the locations of which em
brace the cream of California's fertile valleys.
The residents of Sunnyslde and adjoining
tracts have unanimously petitioned the Board
of Supervisors to extend Bosworth street from
Lyell, opposite Castro, through to Sunnyside
avenue. This would give them direct connec
tion from Sunnyside to Mission street, oppo
site St. Mary's College. Ai all property-owners
are in favor of the extension they feel that the
board should grant their petition.
G. H. UmDsen & Co. will sell at auction
Thursday noon, September 10, by order of ad
ministraor, the following pieces of property :
Lot 30x137:6 and improvements at 1225 Bush
street, between Hyde and Larkin. The im
provements consist of a house of fifteen rooms
and bath. Also the property at the southwest
corner of O'Farrell street and Carlos place, be
tween Mason and Powell streets, being 221 to
2.7 1 ; O'Farrell street and 10 and 12 Carlos
place. The lot is 57:6x97:6 with an L, and
Improvements consist of several buildings in
stores and flats.
M. J. Lyon, the architect, has completed
plans for extensive alterations in the Baldwin
Hotel that will cost about $20,000. The
billiard-room is to be transformed into a grill
room 32x60 feet, the Interior oi which will be
handsomely decorated and wainscoted in
Tennessee marble. The present ladies' cafe ia
to be converted into a bar and the billiard
room is to be removed to the basement, access
to which will be hud by means of abroad
marble staircase leading from the bar. A new
plate-giass front to the grillroom will be con
structed with an entrance from Powell street.
P. A. Bergeret is about to construct, after
plans by Architect i. Goddard, a three-story
and basement frame building at the corner of
Hollis and O'Farrell streets. It will cost
$10,000.
Work on the new Center Market building,
fronting on Powell and O'Farrell streets, is
progies sing rapidly and it is expected that it
will be ready for occupancy in the course of a
month or six weeks.
A new building is to be erected by Drs.
Thorne and Robinson on the south side of But
ter street, between Leavenworth and Hyde, ad
joining the residence of General Barnes. It is
to be used exclusively for phyacians and
dentists' offices. Plans are now being pre
pared by J. Lyon.
Baldwin &. Hammond have been appointed
agents for the Donohoe building, which is
being thoroughly renovated. They have also
been given the management of the Columbian
building where there are at present a number
of choice office rooms for rent.
A. M. Speck & Co. report that their August
business was very satisfactory, and in an in
terview A. M. Speck said : "Our business Is so
much improved that we feel very hopeful for
an early revival in the real estate market. We
find that the inquiries for good iovestments
both large and small are greater than at any
time this year. Improved income-paying
property yielding 6 per rent or more on" the
amount invested is found to be a safer ana
more desirable way of investing money than
placing it in savings banks where the
in terest on deposits averages only about 4 per
cent."
Hanged for the Murder of Jttia Friend
ATLANTA, Ga., Sept. 6. — Arthur
Hayne, a white man, 26 years old, was
hanged here Friday for the murder of
Will Spinks. The two had been bosom
friends, and eigtit years ago they were im
plicated in the murder of an Italian.
Spinks' testimony caved Hayne. Last
winter the two friends quarreled and
Hayne killed Spinks.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The fxe- /9 . .
»inil9 /y **<?„ „ "" fc a
- . tf-
- : ■ ' ' . ■ ■ . .__ _.. . ■.
/*~"^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Ai tfVm 625 KEABSY NT. Establish^
Hri rIS« ln 1834 for the treatment of Private
EsLl&i SBa Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
' ts^?> J^m disease wearing on bodyandminfJar.d
«J|B H Skin Diseases. doctor cures when
OramH^ others fail. Try him. Charges low.
ZIUBBi rnrmzaaranK-pd. Callorwrite.
flr.J, if, UUSB9& S9X *95T»S«nFjTOCilc«.
910
WILLCUTT WILL LIE LOW
He Will Not Acknowledge the
Railroad Commissioners'
Jurisdiction.
Application Will Probably Be Made
to the Supreme Court for a
Writ of Mandate.
It is the purpose of the Market-street
Railway Company to deny the jurisdic
tion of the Railroad Commission over
street railways in general and the lines of
the Market-street Railway Company in
particular, and its intent will be made
manifest in an official way to-day at the
meeting of the Railroad Commission.
Some months ago the Ash Dury Heights
ImDrovement Club petitioned the Board
of Railroad Commissioners to investigate
the earnings of the Market-strtet Railway
Company, and to reduce the 6-cent fare
to 3 cents, or 2% cents, if the results of the
investigation of the affairs of the company
warranted such action.
In compliance with this petition, and
after aue consultation with Attorney-
General Fitzgerald, a subpenawas issued
and served on Secretary J. L. Willcutt as
follows:
We command you, that all and singly, busi
ness and excuses being set aside, you appear
and attend before said board, at the office
thereof, rooms 27 and 28, Chronicle building,
on the corner of Market and Kearny streets,
in the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, on Monday, Septem
ber 7, A. D. 1896, at the hour ot 1 o'clock
p. M. of said day, and that you bring with you
and produce to said board auy and all books,
records and papers of lhe Market-street Rail
way Company, a corporation organized and
existing under and by virtue of the laws of
the Siate of California, and having its princi
pal place of business at the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, showing the
following matters or either or any of them
pertaining to the business, property and
affairs of said Market-street Railway Com
pany, viz:
Capital stock paid in as common and capital
stock actually paid in as preterred.
Funded debt and floating debt.
Total gross deot and construction accounts,
as well as improvement accounts.
AH other assets.
Total property and assets.
Receipts from transportation of passengers.
Receipts from all other sources.
Total receipts.
Operating expenses.
Interest paid within the year.
Taxes paid within the year.
Salaries and wages.
All other expenditures.
Total expenditures.
Rate and amounts of dividends paid.
Surplus.
■ Expenditure for new rolling stock.
Expenditures for repairs of rolling stock.
Total number of passengers Carried during
the year.
To'.al number of horses.
Total numcer of cable cars.
Total number of electric motor care.
Total number of other cars.
Total length of roads operated in miles.
Average number of persons employed.
Average rate of fare per passenger.
You are to testily in the above-stated matter
now pending in said board, and for a failure
to attend and produce said books, papers and
records you will be deemed guilty oi con
tempt of this board and liable to punishment
thereof.
What the action of the railway company
is to be has been a matter of much and in
teresting speculation among every one in
terested in the reduction of car fares, and
more particularly among attorneys and
others interested in the legal issues that
are likely to be raised.
It was feared by some that the Market-
Btreet Railway Company, following the
precedent of the Southern Pacific Com
pany in tue case recently tried before Cir
cuit Judge McKenna, "would raise the
question of the constitutionality of the
commission, but it was learned from a re
liable source yesterday that the right, of
the commission would only be btought
into question so far as it 9 jurisdiction over
street railways is concerned.
Secretary Willcutt will be represented be
fore the commission by one of the regular
attorneys of tne company, but none of
the books and documents mentioned in
the subpena will be forthcoming despite
the reading of the subpena to the effect
that a failure to comply will be deemed
contempt of the board.
According to the constitutional provi
sions creating the commission the board
has the right to punish for contempt.
It is not tne intention, however, to re
sort to this power, as the purpose is to
determine the issues at stake and not
simply to annoy and harass the railway
company. A writ of mandate will be ap
plied for to the Supreme Court, and the
matter thus brought to a fair legal test of
the power of the Commission in this re
spect.
PATRIOTIC CHILDREN.
Meeting of the Valentine Holt Society
of Revolutionary £>eßcendants.
A meeting of the Valentine Holt So
ciety of the Children of the Ameri
can Revolution was held last Sat
urday afternoon in the public parlor
of tne Occidental Hotel, which had
been placed at the disposal of the society
through the courteßy of Major William B.
Hooper. Not only was the use of the par
lor given for tde purpose, but the major
had the meeting place handsomely decor
ated with American flags.
The patriotic quotations, with which
each member is supposed to respond to
roll call, were of an unusually interesting
character, many of tnem being taken from
Washington's farewell address, the one
hunaredth anniversary of which will fall
on the 19th inst.
Miss Flora Walton, the secretary, read a
letter from Miss Frances L Fairchild of
Cap Rouge, near Quebec, Canada, ac
knowledging the honor conferred upon
her and her sister by their election* to
honorary membership in the society, an
account of which was recently published
in The Call.
Miss Blanche Merry Dv Bois, daughter
of Pierre C. Dv Bois. and a descendant, of
Peter Dv Bois, Ralph Schenck and Enoch
Smith, revolutionary solaiers of the New
York line, were elected to membership.
During the afternoon David Hewes, one
of the State promoters of the society, in
vited the members to accompany him to
the dining-room, where dainty arid elegant
refreshments were servea.
The donation of a volume, entitled 'Our
Roll of Honor, or Poms of the Revolu
tion" for the society's library, was ac
knowledged.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
LICK HOUSE.
M A Eckart, Marysrille W H Hatton, Modesto
MrsTTDeHalmalne.NY H A Barclay, Los Ang
A L Hobbs, Fresno L H Owen, Fresno
W N Chenter.U S X Alert I Daunenbaum, Valleio
C H Jordan, Pasadena J W Hume, San Jose
Mhs Hume, San Jo<e FU V ille, Portland
A X Whitton, san Jose E Farrell, San;a Cruz
Wm H Skerritt. Vallejo HJUewelling, stHelena
A M Newlands,»olor«doc Cheda, San Rafael
R B Crowell, Irvlngton W G I'rldge, Fresno
I B Mar:in, California Lh. Justin, Portland
Max Krome, Seattle J M Benham, Modesto
L W Moultrie, Fresno Miss Moultne, Fresno
MrsC A Waliis, San Jose Miss Dewey, san Jose
J E Jordan, Sacramento Mrs JHBrown.Humroldt
Mrs M Anderson. Eureka Mi«s J McCollum,Kur<?ka
MasterMcCollum, Eureka James Simpson, Eureka
C SFarriugton, Elko SK Wlnn&wf, San Diego
J C Hudner, Hollister PJClvne. NevaaaCity
<» C Freeman, h rosno J P Dv Fresne, Mexico
Jno S Dare, Fresno David l.ockton, Michigan
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Chas G Runyon. N V B Duval, Jersey City
W T McDonald, Ls Ang F R Kiuuman, San Diego
E P Biackwell NY J w Stewart, isalinas
W D Clausen, U8 N P M Bailey, San Jose
G P Brady, Oakland T Hall, San Quentln
R E Downey, Su Quentn J L Eddey, Seattle
F Williams, Seattle Thos Kag'an, Boston
Wm Polk. Boston R H Whipple. Boston
G F Reynolds. B C W H Harding, Denver
J P Angell. Denver R H Wise * son, Denver
A Billings. Nevada C B Munford, Chicago
J H Johnson, Cedarville F Forburg, Greenwood
G W Robinson, Greenwd F C La Duke, RMS
Q T Williams. Marysvl P King. Ireland
J Ledder, Chicago Ethel Ledson, Chicago
Baldwin hotel.
J M Kennedy.^antaCruz F Luckenbacic, N V
C A Keigwin, Wash, D C E J Irish, Denver
R M Brown, Wood and S Goodman. Dixon
E M Hufches, U S N J W Keegan, Santa Rosa
Q Kdmoads, I alo Alto H G Melvin, Oakland
R J R Aden, Vallejo F Zucker, Los Angeles
C Whltthorne&w.VallejoG Bostwick, Buffalo
GBBarham.Los ". Clark, Stockton
oko k Jackson, Santa ClaraW B James, Napa
R apeucer, Napa
GRAND HOTEL.
H W Martln,Nevada Cy J T Morklll, Cal
M J Green, Los Ang H P Andrews, Red Bluff
G T Grlbner, San Jose D H Brown&w, Clements
F P J"nny, Alameda R R Dletz, Milpitas
R L Beardslee, -tockton <t G Williamson .Oaklnnd
W M Crysler, Detroit J Chas \ Los Ang
P Casey, Napa L M Grant, Salinas
E E W aiding <fe w,Paaa- J M lirozer, Cal
dena M Beaity. Sacramento
Mian A Loughlln. Nev J Churchill, Yreka
R Wiley & w, N V Mr Wiley, N V
M Cronln <fe w, Sacto Miss Cronln, Sacto
Miss cronln, Sacto J L Haller, \'ew Orleans
L E Brower. Fresno S Jamison, Fresno
G L I.HiK-. Napa G R Cole & w, Sonoma
B M Marlon & w, L Ang H C Thompson, Pal Alto
G M Hawkins, Boston P O Mcclellas, Sacto
H LSinitb, Hauiord J D Blddle, Hanford
Miss L Atkinson, s Rosa G P Clnrk, w &. c, Prtlnd
J E Hasselteu, I'ortland D ]> Fagan, Whatcom
Miss E Dupier, Oregon Miss D Dupier, Oregon
L P Grover, Santa Cruz C Clark, Napa
Miss (lark, Napa J L Gill, Omaha
T s Spauldlng, Woodlnd H G Melvln, sac
i' A Ostrom, Yuba B H Grigsby, Willows
J W Woodland, Arbckle J H Swift. Redwood
J Lustig. Tulare J H Baesdow, Grnd Islnd
J X Parts, Jackson W A Miner & w, C&icagO
Dr J E Frarier, Elmlra R X Bunker, Martinez
P S Bragdon, Martinez W X Cole, Martinez
W H 1 wining, Martinez W A Hale, Martinez
J Weil. Sac J Grover, Colusa
W B Black, (al J leathers, Cal
F E Baker A w, Wdland F E Black.BlackaStatlon
O Entrlan, Biacks Statn
RUSB HOUSE.
W Hobert, Sacto C Hobert. Bacto
W Collins, Alaska C H Telley. San Mateo
A Robinsondfcw, Stockton A R Wright, Nevada
O S Clayton, I'euver II Early, Indiana
L L Boon, Sacto W II 0001. >Amu Cruz
J M Neil, Modesto J Jeans, Winters
C Mason <£ w, New York J L Johnson, Ukiah
R Davis <fc d. New York W H Young, Santa Rosa
J D Wadsworth, S Rosa M M Sloan, Tacoma
S M Covitsgton, Cal J Tyler, California
8 A Beck. Auburn T H O'Karrell, lal
G O Orest, California W Johnson, San Jose
J L Rodders <fe n . Rcklln S \v a ker, Hanford
E Trudell, Illinois C Robin. Dlxon
F liaight, Georgetown J C Minigan, Woodlana
II I Burns <fe w, Fresno W Rutherford* w.Oklnd
J Sterges, N V Miss B Chapman, N V
S B Church, San Jose S Walker, Hanford
A Macdonala, Bata Rosa R Armstrong, Sta Rosa
G L Steel, Santa Maria J Marion, X V
J Willi-tnis, Sacramento Miss Sylveiiter, Truckee
Miss M Koran, Truckee L B Seymour, Petaluma
A Lee, Pacific Grove S Wet more, Vacaville
F Emmerson, Sonora J F Peterson, Atameda
J B iio<v-ard & sn, Frndl F M Doe, terndale
E J Rebils, Missouri Vlss Williamson, Covelo
Mias J Williamson, Covlo Mrs Vinton, Covelo
PALACE KOTEL.
W B Well, Stanford o West-field, Berkeley
U James London E L Babcock & w, cal
CH Townsend.Wash.DCF Lane, N V
W C Tea?dale Jr.st Louis W W Woodbull, U S N
M Kalin. Philadelphia A A Grant, Albuquerque
A Gusdorf, Neb. ask a A Harmon, Cedar Rapids
J Haley, Los Angeles W G Van Vleck, Texas
C A Van Vieek, Texaa J Kessler, Chicago
J A Bremer <fe w, Phlla F A West, Stockton
Mrs Waldron, Santa Cruz
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
debt In the year.
BRANCH OFFICBS-530 Montgomery .treat,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission atrtwt*, •pt»
■nttl 9 o'clock.
9518 Mission! street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
B^S* GOLDEN GATE COMJIA.NDEBT '
*~*? No. 16, Knights Templar, Golden lga*
Gate building, 625 Sutter st.— Stated assem- jFa
bly THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock. All faP
fraters are cordially invited. Order of the ▼
Temple will be conferred.
CHARLES H. MURPHY, Commander.
_Williajc T. Fos-da, Recorder.
C5 1 HERMANN LODGE No. 127, F. a
J*^ and A. M.-stated meeting THIS A
DAY (Monday). September 7. 1896. at STtif
O'clock p. it By order of the W. M. r^\
___J L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
|^ FRANCISCO CHAPTER m
No. 1. Royal Arch Masons, meets A
THIS EVENING. Business and P. M.de-VV
gree. H. G. PRINCE, Secretary. r^\
ftf]S* OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 22. F. ■
»-*^ and A. M. Stated meeting THIS A
(MONDAY) EVENING, at 8 o'clock. "K2f
EDWIN F. DEI GER, Secy. /V%
apS" K. R. B. RIFLED, ATTENTION. THERE"
•^ff will be a meeting of the company THIS
KVKMNG. Every member Is requested to be
present as business of Importance will come before
the meeting.
*^_J-V! 1^ "^wiu hold divine D si?
mr ~ Jy !. | 7 1 1 I l«iii bold divine ser-
, *mf ) 1 I I I vices during ihe ensu-
ing holidays at Mowry's Opera-hall, Grove and
Laguna sts. Tickets sold to-uay at the above hall.
Tickets, $1 and *1 60.
|£7S= ORDER OF SCOTTISH CLANS. v «• >»,
O^ Sixth annual picnic and games 3V, <4ii&
will be held at Shell Mound Park on %W^
ADMISSION DAY, Wednesday, Sep- '•iSSJ"^
tember 9. A splendid programme of 84 events
will be presented. Cash and valuable prizes to
winners in all competitions. Game" open to all.
Grand concert of Scotch airs by Grege's band
Exhibition Scotch danclne by lads and lasses.
Dancing in pavilions all day. The best picnic of
the season; don't miss It.
Then with us to Shell Mound, away from dull care-
The 9th of September with you we would share.
Let the young, and the old arrange all their plans
And spend the best picnic alone with tne clans.
Admission to park: Gents 50c, ladles and chil-
dren 25c
jt3S= K. O. T. M.— MOWN TENT NO. 66
**>»■ bolds regular reviews every THURSDAY
EVENING at Franklin Hall, Fillmore st.. beu Sut-
ler and Bush. Visiting Sir Knights cordially in-
vited. HARRY A. KNOX, Commander.
*-. C. Hcff, R. K.
jtt^§= DIVINE HEALING— CLASSES WILL
i*- I *' be formed for Instruction in divine science
and healing. Sept- 8., at 2:30 and 8. p. * Home
College, 3360 Seventeenth sU, bet. Valencia and
Mission; those wanting mental or bodily healing
should apply and join one of these classes. M E
and C. L CRaMER, teachers. .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
SESp^GAS "flxt^kl^made^to ordkrT
«*-»' cheapest place in the city. H. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
RSS=» DR. ALFRED EICHLER HAS RE-
•*■•' turned from abroad and resumed practice a:
617 Jones su
WpZS* DR. T. F. BRENNAN REMOVED TO
'»*- pr Emporium or Parrott bldg., rooms 397, 398.
JP^- DR. ALBERT ABRAMS HAS BE-
l**-*^ moved his offices to 784 Geary st.
fPZs* DR. G. E. SUSSDORFF HAS REMOVED
his offices to 2214 Geary su, rooms 1 and 2.
*T3p BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR »4-
»*■•' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 416 Montcy su. room 6. TeL 6580.
{Kg=» BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3. COOK,
■~-^ Law and Collection Office. 1023 .Market su
SITUATIONS WANTED- FEMALE.
UMBER OF GIRLS, ALL NATIONAL?
i-1 ties, awaiting situations. MRS. HIRD, 721
Ellis st.
CR. HANSEN & CO., 110 GEARY ST.,
\J* furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, phone or mall us your orders: orompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185.
VI R>. M. JOHNSTON. 995 MARKET: ONLY
•"I first-class female help furnished; tel. Mint 904
"V OUNG WOMAN OF REFINEMENT
-I wishes to assist with light housework in return
for room and board and small pay; can c»re for in-
valid, or assist in lodging-house; good home more
an object than wages: references furnished. Ad-
dress MRS. C. a, box 134. Call Office.
A SSISTANT BO: 'KKEKPEK— YOUNG LADY
-V desires situation; first-class stenographer-
owns typewriter: city or country; will travel as
saleslady: $25 per month: fine references. Aa-
dress V. T., box 16, Call office.
LMKST-CI.ASS GERMAN COOK. ECONOMI-
X cal housekeeper, wishes steady situation in a
good business house- or large private family, city
or country; best of references given. 90 Clara st
cor. Fourth. . '
li' ANTED —BY STEADY. COMPETENT
II woman, to do housework; Is good cook and
launuress; not afraid of any kind of baking- city
or snort way in the country. 79 Jessie su, bet.
First and Second.
T ADY WANTS POSITION AS HOUSE-
J-i keeper; . no objection to child ; city preferred.
Address or call afternoon, between 1 and 2 o'clock
737 Hayes st. _^ '
EXPERIENCED NURSE AND FIRST-CLASS
waitress wants situation by the week; sleep
home; best of references. Please call or address
216 Minna st.
"yOUNO, RKFINED, COMPETENT CREOLE
x widow desires position as housekeeper. Please
call at 917 Market st., room 19, second floor.
n ERMAN. GIRL OF 17 WANTS SITUATION
VJ to do light housework or take care of child
Please call at 40& Lyon sU. near Hayes. ' >
DANISH GIRL OF 15 YEARS WISHES TO
do light housework. Apply 2915 Twenty-third
su, nr. Alabama, bet. 10 aud 4 o'clock.
LIABLE TRAINED NURSE (GERMAN)
X\> wishes to take charge of Infant or invalid.
Call or address 232 Shot well st. - '
WILLING GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITU-
TT ation in a family for upstairs or general work.
Please apply 646 Stevenson st.
yOUNG GIRL, 17~YKARS~OLD, DESIRES A
: X situation to help at housework or tend chll-
dren: sleep at home; no postals- 953V2 Howard.
/GERMAN GIRL DESIRES A PLACE IN
VT private family to do general housework. 618
Geary at. ■■■•'.■
COMPETENT WOMAN DESIRES SITUA-
\J tlon to do general housework; good cook;
wages $15. 8., box 122, this office. 
ITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG LADY
O to do general housework. Call 1938Vfr M ission.
XTOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X second work. Call 2813% Bush «U
OMAN SIRES TO GO OUT BY THE
day washing. ironing and cleaning. 328
Minna st.
ANTED — BY A GOOD LAUNDKESSi
TT work to go out by the day; $1 per day and
car fare. 79 Jessie sL, bet. First and Second.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1896.
CALIFORNIA OFEGON W *S*iINGTOV -•- NEVADA
> pacific coast branch
wm. v bryan, - * MANAGER
314 POST STREET
Z^Stz^i. *S*-t^nx>t4i*>& J £?&£; Sept .3yd, 1896 •
Chas. M. Shortridge, Esqr.,
Proprietor San Francisco CALL.
Dear Sir:-
Experience talks, and it affords me pleasure to state
that while we have advertised extensively this season, including
all the San Francisco dailies, we consider THE CALL in the front
rank for RESULTS . '
It reaches a select class of people, and we are more than
satisfied with our investment.
Very truly yours,
SITDATIONS WANTED-Contlnued.
/COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
\J to do general housework: American family
preferred. Please call or address 16 Van Ness aye.
"DEFINED YOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION
XV as companion, or nursery governess; refer-
ences, Address or call bet. 1 and 3 P. m., at 23
Roach at., bet. Greenwich and Filbert.
-\t IDDLE-AGED SWEDISH WOMAN WISHES
IiJL position as housekeeper; experienced cook, in
first-class family; good references. M. S., box lIS,
Call Office.
YV ANTED —BY RESPECTABLE WOMAN
'» with references; Invalid to care for, or house-
keeping: can take care of a lodging-house. Call
Sunday, 146 Eleventh st., MRS. R.
r> V BOOKKEEPER, BOOKS TO POST AFTER-
-L> noons and evenings; reasonable. Address A.,
box 20, Call Office.
OMAN WITH A CHILD WANTS SITU A-
»» tion to do ceneral housework ; city or country.
Call or address 221 Minna st.
T?XPERIENCED LADIES' NURSE DESIRES
Xli engagement; city or country ; terms $30 for 3
weeks; will take cases in home reasonable. E. L..
box 8, Call Office.
"D.ELIABLK DRESSMAKER WISHES A
XV few more engagements by the day or week la
families; terms reasonable. Address 417 McAllis-
ter su; city.
IDDLE-AGED COMPETENT WOMAN
wishes situation as working .housekeeper;
good home more desirable than big wages. Ad-
dress or call 46Mi Tiffany aye., bet. Twenty-eighth
and Twenty-ninth sts.
V'OUNG WIDOW DESIRES A POSITION. 821
X Howard st., room 15.
"yOUNG AMERICAN WOMAN DESIRES
X housekeeper's position: city or country, or
would do plain sewing. 864^ Mission St., room 3.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
tIon to do housework: good cook : no objection
to short distance in country. Call or address 504
Jessie st., downstairs.
yOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION |
X ac companion or seamstress in family: no ob-
jection to traveling wi n lady: reference- Address
C. a., box 108, Call Office. .
■yOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS
X bookkeeper, stenographer, cashier, entry-clerk
or saleslady: no objection to the country. Address
W. A., box 71, Call Office.
ANTED— BY a respectable amer£
TT can woman, work by the day; is a good laun-
dress and can do any kind of housework and give
good references. Address 36 Ellis st. ; bookstore.
"yOUNG GIRL WISHES POSITION TO DO
X second work and sewing or waiting. 19241 A
Bush st. n
PEFINED YOUNG LADY WISHES POSI-
J t tion as companion or care of invalid; refer-
ences. Call or address Advertiser, 701 Stockton
St., cor. California.
ITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
woman for light housekeeping: city or country:
references; $15 to $20. Address B. 8.. box 146
Call Office.
V"RENCH GIRL, 28 YEARS OLD. WANTS
1 situation to do general housework and cooking;
good references; moderate wages. Call or address
310 Leavenworth at. *
pOMPETENT GERMAN WOMAN WISHES
\J situation as housekeeper or infant's nurse;
good manager; references if required. Address C
C, box 139. I all Office.
T^TORTH GERMAN GIRL WANTS PLACE TO
li do general housework or upstairs work; wages,
$20 to $25. Please call 406 Lyou sU, cor. Hayes.
ANTED— POSITION BY A NEAT, OBLIG-
Ing young girl for general housework; Is a
good cook and laundress. Call at 30 Valley su.
near Twenty-second, Oakland.
pOLORED WOMAN WISHES HOUSEWORK
U to do. 29 Bernard St., beu Taylor and Jones.
off Pacific
T ADY OF REFINEMENT, POSSESSING ALL
X-j the qualifications of a pleasant companion,
also with a fair knowledge of nvdicir.e, desires a
position in that capacity with an Invalid; no re-
numeratlou but comfortable home; city or coun-
try: references. Address L. M. 8., box 40, Call.
T7<XPERIENCED LADY COMPOSITOR DE-
Xli sires employment in dally or weekly newspa-
per office; city or country: can assist in job de-
partment; also proo -reading; wages payable
weekly. Address Compositor, box 82, Call Office.
ORKING HOUSEKEEPER WISHES TO
TT take charge of a small hotel or lodging-house:
city or country; reference. Address Housekeeper,
box 72, Call Office. .
ESPtCTABLE WOMAN WANTS PLAIN
sewing or mending. 650 Jessie su
ADY DESIRES PLAIN SEWING OR MEND-
ing, or would like position in lodging-bouse: is
thoroughly capable. Call after 11 a. m., 821 Mis-
sion su, room 3. '
\V ANTED — REFINED AND EDUCATED
TT middle-aged German . widow desires posi-
tion as housekeeper, matron or ladles' companion:
is also competent to teach German: no objection to
taking care of children; reliable references given
and required. Addre-s A BC, box 16, CalL
GENTS' SUSPENDERS AND MUFFLERS
embroidered to order. Room 4, 1007 Market.
WINCHES 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
TT Market; 200 rooms: 26c to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 to s6 per week: convenient and respectable;
tree bus ana hageace to and from the ferrr.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE,
UNTEICX CO.".
nese employment office. 17 Webb st, below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
"T A PA X AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT";
O best help. 314b Sutter St. ; tel. Grant 30.
CMIINKSK AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
;help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY 4C0., 640 Clay.
C\HINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
I Office; test help. 414^ OTarrell; tel. K. 42a
I > ELI ABLE DANISH MAN, MIDDLE-AGED,
v wants situation around private place; under-
stands care of horses and cows and can make him-
self generally useful; reference. Call or address
Yosemlte House, 1043 Market su, room 40.
p OOD CARPENTER WANTS A position:
*J has worked several years on large ranch as
general./ repairer; understands running ate am
boiler and pumps; moderate salary. . Address C.
M., 416 Broadway.
SITUATION WANTED BY SINGLE GER-
man gardener; understands taking care of
greenhouses and gentleman's place; city or coun-
try. Address Gardener, 536 Commercial st.
BARTENDER (AMERICAN); GOOD BUSI-
-ness connection; first-class references. L. G.
T H 314 Third st.
JAPANESE SCHOOLBOY WANTS PLACE-
speaks English. GEORGE, 22 Prospect place.
ELDERLY MAN, STRONG. WILLING
wants work private family : is used to horses:
gardening and cooking; useful In general: wages
moderate; references. Address A. X., box 40
Call Office. .' '
AN, THOROUGHLY EXPERIENCED IN
wine and brandy making, wishes situation in
a winery: speaks French. German and English.
M. T. , box 84, t.'ali.
* CTIVE AND TRUSTWORTHY MAN
r\- wants work around gentleman's place or as
janitor. Call or address 1912 Fill more st.. flat 2.
OITUATION WANTED FOR A FIRST-CLASS
U carpenter as carpenter or something else- neads
to work. Address D., 1050 Howard «v •
SITUATIONS WAMED-t'ontlnned.
i) PRACTICAL HOUSh-PAINTERS AND
— ' paper-hangers, with tools, want work by the
day or piecework for private parties; city or coun-
try; will work cheap. Address .Palmers, 272%
Clementina st., rear.
AXE WISHES SITUATION: THOROUGH-
Iy understands management of horses, gar-
dening, milking and general work: sober and re-
liable in every respect; good references. J. N.,
416 Broadway, city.
"IT A LET OR NURSE TO INVALID GENTLE-
» man; gives massage treatment; has good refer-
ences. Address Valet, box 76, Call.
j,*Y SINGLE ENGLISHMAN SITUATION AS
■ ' milker and batter-maker; understands care of
thoroughbred cattle. Address C. HEWITT, 679
Third st., Oakland.
SITUATION WANTED —BY MAN AND
wife, to take charge of a small ranch: man un-
derstands general farming, orchard, vineyard, to-
bacco raising and curing: wire is a good house-
keeper. Address J. E. G., box 91, Call Office.
BY FIRST-CLASS COACHMAN; 10 YEARS'
-••> experience; tirst-clas* city reference; good
plain gardener If necessary: city or country. Ad-
dress C. M., box 16, Call Office.
BY YOUNG ENGLISHMAN, WITH GOOD
references from England, employment In an
Oakland store with the option of buying a share In
the business after a few months' trial. Address
P. THOMas, Dlmond P. P., AlamedaCo.
CCOTCHMAN, STEADY, WISHES POSITION
O to run steam boilers; can also run engine. Ad-
drers Knglneer, box 97, CalL
U' INCHKSTKR HoUtsK, 44 THIRD, NEAR
Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and lromtho ferry.
COMPETENT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
\J engineer and machinist desires position. Ad-
dress Engineer, 1189 Market su, S. F., CaL .'-
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
'» Market— Electrlo lights In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: si 60 to 96 per
week: free bus an.' baggage to an. l from the ferry.
FEMALE KELP WANTED.
ANTED— GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN
cook, no wash, $30: laundress and chamber-
maid, same house, $25: 4 Protestant German and
French second girls. $20; nurse, $20, and girls for
cooking and housework l;i city and country. J.
F. CRU3ETT & CO., 312 gutter at. ■
O GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRLS, GENERAL
0 housework, city and county, 826: cooks and
downstalis girls, city, $25, *20: second girl, city,
$15. $20: German or Swedish girl for a lamed a,
2 in family, see party here, $25: German speaking
nursegirl, 12 to 14. C. R. HANSEN. & CO., 110
Geary st.
COOK, AMERICAN FAMILY, $30 TO $35;
) laundress, $25, same house: German <r
Swedish waitress. $25, private family; house-
work—Sonoma $25, Oakdale $25, Willows $25,
and other towns; 16 housework girls, city and
country, $20 and $25: 6 young girls, $10 to *15.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter sU
EAT COMPETENT IRISH GIRL DESIRES
situation In a Jewish family: good cook and
house worker; best reference. MISS CULLEN.
323 Sutter st.
I>RENCH SKCOXD GIRL. $25; LAUNDRESS
and second girl, $25. MISS CLLLEN, 823
Sutter su
fi ERMAN WOMAN (COUNTRY). SECOND
VJ work, $15. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter at.
TRISH GIRL AS COOK, $26 (SAN RAFAEL).
■i MISS CtLLEN. 323 Suiter St.
2 waitresses, SAME house, CITY. *20
-j each: chambermaid. $20, wait one meal. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Sutter sU
Girl ok WOMAN to WASH NAPKINS,
X towels etc., *15. room and board, etc.; 3 wait-
resses, $15 and room: waitress, city, $20 and
room; cook, small place, $20 and room; cook, $36
and room; ironers for steam laundry: chamber-
maid and wait some. $15. room, etc.; 5 house
girls. $20: 11 house girls. $15; 7 young girls, $8,
$10 and $12 per month, assist, etc., nice families.
MARTIN'S, 749 Market st. .
VI J ANTED— 3 COOKS. GERMAN STYLE, $30
»» ana $25; 3 house wo k girls for . country, $20
and 815; 4 German and Scandinavian girls for
housework. $25 and $20: German and Scandi-
navian chambermaid, country, $ 0; French 'nurse
and upstairs, country, $20; French woman, care
of an Old lady. $2i>. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton.
"yOUNG WOMAN ASJRANCH COOK, $20;
J. waitress, country hoieT, 817 50: ranch cooks,
housework t>irln, etc. MURK a V & READY
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay,
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK, 3 IN FAMILY,
VJ $25; 3 cooks, $30 to $35; German chamber-
maid, $20; 10 girls for housework, wages $12 to
$25. MRS. HIUD, 721 Ellis St.
GIRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
various positions. German Employment, 306
Mason st.
Y\* OMAN COOK, $83. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420
" Kearny st.
WANTED— GOOD, TRUSTY WOMAN; GOOD
" home and small wages: Protestant preferred.
R., box 3, Call Office, Oakland.
"yoUNG GIRL ASSIST GKNERAL HOTTfiE-
-l work, sleep home, $2 50 per week. 1914
Leave v »orth au
■pRuTtST A T GIRL FOR GENERA L HOUSE-
J- work, including cooking and some washing;
♦20. 3624 Twentieth St., near Mission.
WANTED-GOOD. TRUSTY WOMAN; GOOD
" home and small wages; Protestant preferred
it., box 3, Call office, Oakland.
VV OMAN (20 TO 26); LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
'' $7 monthly; lin family. W., box 16. CalL
GIR ABOUT 17 FOB UPSTAIRS WORK:
r care of children. 114 Powell, after 9.
■yoUNG GIRi. FOR LIGHT HOI SEWORK
■*■ and assist with children. 914 anchez. nr. 22d.
WANTED — GIRL: COOKING AND GENE-
' » ral housework. Apply 1815 Laguna, 9to 12.
rpAILORESS ON FINE COATS; NONE BUT
J- first class. 8 Grant aye., room 16.
GOOD CHOCOLATE-DIPPER. CALL AT
once at SCHAEFKR'E, 22 Sixth su
T>RUTEs>TANT GIKL TO TAKE CARE OF
■i- child and assist; good home. 1707 Oak su
Ay ANTED— GIRL ABOUT 17 EARS OF AGE
' ' to take care of baby. Apply 1418 Page st.
G~ OOD TAILORh.B6 ON CUSTOM COATS.
659 Market st.
WANTED— EXPERIENCED TAILORESS ON
'» cuttom coats. ■ 230 seventh st.
W'ANTKD— A GIRL L\> WAIT AT TABLE.
408 McAllister st. -
W ANTED— GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE WORK.
'' 1004 a Golden Gate aye. I
VV ANTED-PfpiLS FOR BEST MILLINERY
" school in city; teacher of 10 years' experience:
large class now lormlng for fall work; large work-
room; references given. 410 Leavenworth st.,
V\"ANTE!J— YOUNG GERMAN GIRL FOR
' ' general housework. , «2UO Mission st.
M EAT COLORED - WOMAN FOR SOME
thl K Jtlem * n ' 8 mending. Address C. W., box 9,
this office.
14 AN! GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
" housework. 696 Baker st.
WANTED— A BRIGHT WOMAN TO SELL
T ' goods r»talL dr. H., box 15, Call.
UU.NTf.D- YOUNG GIRL FoR COOKING
• ' and don naiairs work. 1130 OTarrell su
BEEP WANTED— Continued.
\y~ANTED— EXPERIENCED SALESLADY
'I on corsets; references. 1388 Market st.
AITKR GIRLS WANTED. 817 KEARNY
street.
\\T ANTED— ONLY A FIRST-CLASS OPE-
-11 rator on corsets; high wages; Singer sewing-
machine used: run by electric nower. 1388 Market.
PERATORS ON FLANNEL OVEKSHIRTS
land underwear. LEV! STRAUSS & CO., 32%
Fremont st. .
PILEPSY, FITS AND CONVULSIVE DlS-
eases cured by specialist. Address E. F., box
57, Call Office.
DRESSMAKERS (CUTTERS AND FITTERS)
for families: waist and skirt hands for shops;
positions free. McDoWELL'S School, 636 Market.
LADIES TO SELL MY TOILET SPECIAL-
* ties; can learn halrdressing, manicuring and
beauty culture free, MRS. BUTLER, 131 Post su
AIR-DRESSING; MANICURING LESSONS
given MISS DOYLE. 212 Powell su, 105 9th.
AIRDRESsINO. 250 AND 86c; MORNING
and eve classes: 101easons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
LYNN'S DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: TUES-
days free; 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third eU. near Market;
200 rooms: 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $8
i<t ye- >•• : free 'hu<s and liaean •« o-.n I Ham fern-.
MALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED — COACHMAnT~S3S^ 3 PLAIN
carpenters. $1 60 day and board; teamster,
75c day; blacksmith helper; machine man for
planing mill. $2 day and board: 4 coal miners, fare
free; American cook for institute $50; second
cook, camp, $30; waiters, $30: harness-maker,
?8 week and room, and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacramento st.
OH A HOP-PICKERS 100"POUNDS; SIX*
O\/\J farmers, $20 and $25; 3 laborers and 3
teamsters, city work: choreman for a vineyard.
$20; 2 choreboys. $10. MURRAY READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay.
Of) MEN TO PULL BKANs, PICK FRUIT,
*J\J grapes etc., $20 and $23 per month and
found MURRAY & READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
O CARPENTERS FOR A MINE AND OR-
«-> chard company, $26 per month and found; 3
hammers-men, near city, $1 50 day. company
work: 2 haypresseri, $35 per month and found.
MURRAY <fe READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
C COOKS, $25, $35, $40 AND $50; 5 WAIT-
«-> ers, $15, $25 and $30; 3 dishwashers, $15 and
$20: barber, country shop; second and third bak-
kers, country shop. MURRAY <fc READY, Lead-
Ing Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
C MORE COLORED WAITERS WITH DRESS
«-» suits: country hotel; free fare: no office fee
Apply this morning ready to start, 7 o'clock. C
R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary at.
9 WAITERS, DRESS ITS, COUNTRY HO
— tel, $30; dishwasher for the springs. C. R.
HANSEN ACO , 110 Geary st. y " US3 - *" *•
SECOND COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL. $30-
O neat young wait r for sprin s, $25: lroner who
can ruu Tyler machine, hotel laundry. $30- 2
Eastern club waiters, $40. C R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st. . ...y"
'ANTED-5 MINERS. $52 MONTH, GOOD
11 mine; experienced young man for wine-
cellar, short distance in country. $26 to $30 per
month and found, good, steady position; black-
smith helper for ranch, $;6 and found, steady job
and good place: butter-maker, $30, Sonoma
County: baker, small country shop, $30 and
found; 6 more men to pick grapes. $19 50 per
month and boarci: 100 men, women and children
to pick hops in Alameda County, tents, etc, on
the ground; 2 farmhands, $26: 2 farmhands,
small ranch near city, $16 and found; also cooks
waiters, dishwashers and others. W. D. EWER
<& CO., 626 Clay au ■ x
WAITER, $30 AND ROOM. DRESS SUIT- 2
" men to chop wood; boy to wash dishes, etc.;
elderly man for choring, etc.; young man for fruit
ranch; German cook; young man for chores, etc. •
young man as helper in carriage works; waiter.
749 Market!™ * COOk> $35 and room - MARTIN ' B
W AN T. i?~ V ,? V * G MAN TO LEARN WAIT-
»i ing. $15; cellarman for country, must h;;ve
references, $30. etc LEON AND «K, 315 Stock-
ton st.
\kf ANTED-BECOND BUTLER. $40; WAIT-
*ZJ\ ? laln l ? 0tel< ?i!5: second cook, country
hotel. « 5: cook. $8 a week: Japanese cook, $-'0
eta LEON ANDRE, 316 Stockton s:.
£* LABORERS FOR MINE, $20 AND FOUND
and free fare, call early; coal-miners, $1 a ton;
cook, restaurant, $25 and room; nljih cook, $20 •
R.T 6 fen ™ ay <Ber ' 12c a ton and bo'ardl
K. T. WARD A CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
G-| ERMAN BOY TO DO CHORES, SHORT
3^3 2 lStanCe conntr y. $1 ° to sls. MISS CULLEN,
o-.i cutter s:. '
T/^|H R ,V* 35 PKK * ONTH - MISS CULLEN,
n ERMAN GIRL WANTS AN INDUSTRIOUS
VJT man as i art tier with $150 capiial in first-class
delicacies, butter, eggs, smoked meat, cigars and
f^h ne 7i Btore: wUI S° a 'antee *•'« and board
e 3^r\ O n su O f rom W groT- ApP ' y >^°c place,
ARTIES TO. HANDLE MY BUSINESS IS
X the leading towns of the State; big money and
scraggy"- APP " bet - 2 »° d T 324
Ty ANTED — THOROUGHLY COMPETENT
st • 7 } A pe^ ienced Plumber's helper. 858 Howard
O nn SALARY-FOR BEAUTIFUL PASTEL
buUdfn" : DOW leadin BoOm 433 Parrott
W ANTED-STEADY MAN IN COMMISSION
11 business; will pay $75 per month- casn re-
quired $150. See GUS STRAND 45 Thtr^f. **
OTEADY BARBER WANTED. 368 THIRD
r^j street*
GROCERY CLERK WITH GOOD REFER-
VJ ences wanted. Hyde and Broadway.
VVoMT^rii DYER AND CLEANER AT
11 2511 J st., Sacranr.ento, Cal.
BARBKR FIRST-CLASS, WANTED; GER-
man preferred^^TANNEK. 32 Turk st
SgS^&*j?,u Y ANTED^ ~BdBEH-MAS
W^^^^f" SALESMAN. S.
S?i (^.h KKl i WA KTED. 2 2 SECOND ST.:
KJ place changed hands.
S^olFifthft!* A ™ ON REPAIRING.
V\ A^T?i?~ T , WO GOOD CARPENTERS AT
1 Zii °i: arrelt su, come early. A. G. MORRIS
UrANTED-CARPENTER: ROUGH WORK:
1 1 $2 per day. P., box 107. Call Office.
W 1 ANTED- YOUNG MAN; GROCERY AND
'i bar. 4 16 Thirteenth st.
OTEADY, TRUSTWORTHY PARTNER AS
kJ i cashier In restaurant and sidebar; $75 re-
qnlred. 632 Market si., room 8.
ANTED— AN idea; WHO CAN THINK OF
11 some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Idea*; they ma >' bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WfcDoERBURN & CO., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys. »shln«ton. D. C for their $1800 prize
offer and list of 200 inventions wanted.
LoTHING CUTTER WANTED. '20 SAN
' some IUvanHBMMH
HELP WANTED— Continued.
TOUBNEYMEN BARBERS' LOCAL UNION,
O No. 27 r J. B. U. A. Emplmnt bureau, 102 7th.
"bARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X> ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC
X> P. c. Barbers' Assn. 8. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
IRST-CLASS FINISHER FOREMAN
wanted. FINK A SCHINDLER, 1309 Markeu
OY TO MAKE HIMSELF USEFUL AROUND
saloon ; $2 50 per week. W., box 3, Call.
TAT ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES j
TT Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un- |
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less than 6 feet 6 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this important branch of the 'naval
service offers special Inducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board oar
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recrni Ing Office. 20 Ellis sU, San Francisco, CaL
W' 11/ ANTED APPLY 108 CLARKE
VV sU. California House.
We want to ENGAGE~ENERGETIC MEN
Vl and women to represent the "Ladies' Home
JournaL" Write or call at 78 Columbian Bid., B. F.
E\V WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION BET.
J.N 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, nizht 16c to
60c;week $1 tos2 60 ;readln room; strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet: open all night.
\\T ANTED — MEN TO Ll-.ABN BARBER
IT trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given aud
catalogue senU S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
ANTED— SO MEN FOR SINGLE ROOMS:
$1 week, 25c night. 321 Ellis st ; Rosedale.
EN'S HALF-SOLING, 6UC.: LADIES, 40a;
done while you wait. 608 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will & Flnck's.& F-
UUMb 100 To 76c PER NIGllT; 50c TO *1 50
per week. Oriental. 225DrummsL
LOSING OUT NEW AND SECOND-HAND
\J shoes at 30c on the $1; this week only. 959
Howard su
ANTE —500 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
boots and shoes. E. KENDALL, 635 Mission.
T ARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
XJ on hand; shoes to order, *3 50; band-sewea
shoes. $5. 7i!6V2 Howard su. bet. Third and Fourth
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44THIRD ST..NEAR
Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
q-IRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., HE-"
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
I INDELL HOUsE, SIXTH AND HOWARD
J 1 sts.; single furnished rms 7 fie week, 16c nU-h:.
S.-RE>xOVED FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Clay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, sc.
I(|AMGN TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, lac
1 \i\j and 20c a nighu Including coaeu ana rolls. \
624 Washington st.. near Kearny.
EST IN CITY--SING<E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1, $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesdorft sts.
ANTED— .LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 150
large rooms; 25c per nigh;: $1 to $3 per week.
ANTED-BINGLE ROOMS, 150 A DAY:
*-«ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a wee<;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay su
MEN 1O FEED .HA-SIAAI i.A.>> s> I UCJi JiOOD;
all grocers keen iv
\\T ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
»» er»<fcclerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
WE ARK SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
II your old shoes and make them like new; done
while you wait: ladles' soleing, nailed 35c; men's
soleing, nailed 50c. ; machine-sewed 75c; hand-
sewed 65c; tine shoes made to order from $2 up; j
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at !
less than one-fourth their value. fiom 25c. up to ;
»2 50. 562 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
AGENTS WANTED.
"V GENTS — "PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS
XV of General Nelson A. Miles," commander-In- |
chief of the United States army, and the greatest i
of Indian fighters; the most remarkable book of
the century: apply at once for choice of territory. ;
F. PERSON, Manager Subscription Department, '
THE WHITAKER «fe RAY CO., 723 Market st. j
ANTED— LADY OK GENTLEMAN TO |
11 travel and appoint local agents; reference;
565 and expenses. Box 770, San Jose.
A GENTS WANTED FOR THE BKST, QUICK-
.-£»- est and most popular proposition iv the West;
$60 a month. 204-206 Leavenworth st.
GENTS; BIG MONEY: LATEST PROPOSI-
tIon. Baxter Portrait Co., 432 Sutter st.
"WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
TeWEIWwAS T^D^IirEXCHANGE FO II !
O '96 Rambler wheel. Address J. \V\, box 97,
Call.
OOD SECOND- HAND REVOLVING BAR-
ber chair; state price. Address F. J., box 62,
Call Office.
ECOND-HAND NATIONAL CASH REGIS-
O ter. 125 Seventh su
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry to A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth sU; send postal.
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT; JEWEL-
rr. watches repaired. MUND. 1 133% Mission.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. ~
ACTUALLY BEST BARGAINS IN PI-
xY anos; see our list tor this week; pianos on $3.
$4. $6, $6, $7. $8, $9, $10, $15, $20 monthly pay- j
ments; fine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere in the city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO.,
salesrooms 935 Market st., opp. Mason.
4-STORY BUILDING. CORNER OF I
Kearny and Sutter sts., full of pianos: these |
instruments are for sale on monthly payments of I
$3, $4, $5. $6, $7, $8. $9, $10, $12, $15. $20 and
$25 per month: the best of every grade from lowest
pr ces to Steinway Baby, Parlor and Concert
Grands: why pay rent when better pianos can be
bought from us for about seme payments ? every
piano guaranteed; line wood-seat stool and draped j
cover Included: no charge for drayage: pianos !
kept in order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLaY & CO., cor. Kearny and Suttt-r sts.. also |
Oakland, Cal., Portland, Or., ittle. Wash.; Stein j
way representatives for tne Pacific Coast. .-■ - •
N ACCOUNT OF THE INCREASE IN MY
p ano business, my old quarters on Market
su are entirely too small: I have therefore moved
Into my own building, at 526 Hayes St., between ■
Octavia and Laguna, where I can now display !
over four times the amount of instruments than j
formerly; as 1 buy lor cash and in carload lots
and have no rent to pay I can offer any one desir-
ing a piano or organ better value for less money j
than any other music house In San Francisco. ;
Respectfully yours. J. HaRRY SCOTT.
LINE USED STEIN WAY, HARDMAN,
y Chase Bros., etc.; astoni-hinely low prices;
easy terms. THE J. WING CO.. second floor
.Hood building, Fourth and Market sts. |
ALL MUSICAL GOODS SOLi/ AT REDUCED i
prices, pianos to rent and for sale cheap at
MAUVAIS',769 Market st.
7- BARGAIN: STEINWAY PIANO, EX- I
<;*) I excellent order;easy terms. 221 Leavenworth !
AGNIFJCENT STKINWAY UPRIGHT AND j
Schubert: little used: sacrifice. 1019 Van Nesss '
fiLKARASCE SALE— HAINES, KNABE AND j
\J Bush and Gen's pianos; clearing-out prices .
will rule. A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post St.
GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP FOR CASH. I
SCHM ITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hioernia Bank. j
C3> 1 f\ BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT BOS- >
»Jp lt)U. ton make piano. BRUENN'S, 228 Post. !
G. badger, SULK AGENT for hall-et '•■
.&. Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 sac'to
CHICKEHI.NU, KNABE. STUCK, VOSE, STISK-
ling pianos; see our new piano lor $187: plaaos
:or rent BENJ. CUBTAZ i. SON. 16 O'Farraii.
BYRON MAUZY. 3UB POST ST.— SOHMEIT
Newby <!fc Evan*, firices r.nd other pianos. .
UPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLD ANEW \
0 H. .ML I. LEU matcor. r.-i Bir>-r. 1 l.athano I
FUKNITURK fob SALE. ~
I^IRE SALK! ~" ™
-T Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets $18 53
Bed lounges 8 J9
Stoves 750
Carpets, per yard 55
Linoleum, per yard 55 {
Matting, per yard 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will ;
stand. Till such lime we art* conducting business I
at SE. corner exswuiti and Mission «v 1 \
NOON AN. . ■■-.'■ I
\f\i\ CARPKTS; CHAMBER SETS. $14; I
tUU stoves, $5: parlor seta, 820; folding-beds,
$10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY, 764 Mission. I
» T L. J. NEUMANN'S, lit SIXTH. FOB
J\ lowest price 3 on household c«ols ucwor^ujJ
new : ca»li or time, open e\einn:-i.
~~~~ FUKNITUKE WANTED.
FFICE FURNITUKh— WILL PAY HIGHEST
price* for second-hand office desks or take
them in part payment for new. GEORGE H.
FULLER DESK CO.. 638 and 640 Mission sU
rpO SELL FURNITURE TO ADVANTAGE TRY
1 M. SILVERSTr.IN~.969 Howard sU ;send postal
UCKINGHAM FUKMTUKE CO PAY->
high es' price for furniture, carpets, eta : send
postal. 866 Mission st. . ■ ■■
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNC-
ture and merchandise we BI. ; HD, -11 Ijirklu.
' C. MUTHER, 63 1 -' MARKET, PAYS HIGH |
. est cash prices for furniture and merchandise- i
INDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO NL j
XJ. SIMMONS' auc. Co.. 1057 Market. pays oa*i\
"~ "~ CAKPET CLEANING.
oc > T'y~aT^aY"gl*kat' w "ks rrJE rn^carpkt
i) C:eanlng Works. 11 1-ighth st. •■ ■
ONES &. CO.. MAIN OFFICE. 25 AND 37
K!ghth st. ; tel. Jessie 1061.
/CARPET CLEANING, 5c.: LAYING. 3c. : KUO
\j samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 st.
ii'UKN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
T> poor work send to SPA ULDING's Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. 853-67 Tehama su : tel. so. 40
/ IUNKLi.N SCAKCKT KKATINU WOKKa. -JJ
VJ Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 126.,
/■MTY STEAM CARPETCLEANINO.RKNOVA-
\J tin*. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mjrr. TeL south 23a
r^ARFKTS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like sew. FEI'GUSON & CO. 23 Tenth: tat-
tSouih US. 1). MACKINTOSH A CO.. inccessori.
K. MITCHKLL CARPET CLEAN INU CO.. Jid
. 14th su ; cleaning So a yard. 'lei. Miaaion 71,
: BUSINESS CHANCES.
mo BUY OR A~BU3IN~£IsOF ANY KIND
X see MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market St. !
CJjC/lA BUYS BAKERY WORTH $1000; IN
«Jp«J\'V town of 20,000 people; floe wagon route:
prominent corner; low rent: big sacrifice: owner
retiring. See MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market.
\| ECHANICS, ATTENTION ! — $1000 WILL
ITI buy a -class old-established -machine-
shop rully equipped for business; tin and sheetiron
work; galvanizing, galvanized iron, rollers for
gold concentrators, ship tanks and carburetters;
gas fitting, rootinz. plumbing and general jobbing.
| See MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
(Jj 'JAA PAINTERS. attention !— 1 wein-
tJpOUU. wrlght" whitewashing-machine and all
necessary equipments, including one horse, 2 sets
of harness, 1 cart and 1 truck, with the exclusive
right to operate in the City and County of San
Francisco. MYERS & GRAHAM. 777 Market su
©Orn RESTAURANT: JUNCTION OF"
«Jn^UU. principal street: car lines: regular and
transient trade: doing good business: (sickness),
See MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
(D».M PER MONTH INTEREST AND A 5-
—•X room bouse free for an investment of $500,
which buys 2 houses and large stable. MYERS
& G ■ ; AH AM, 777 Market sU
CJOrA FINE RESTAURANT AND OY-TER
0 — «Jv/. parlor; half block from Market su, in
midst of leading theaters and business houses. See
GRAHAM & MY ERS. 777 .Market su
ffljAA RESTAURANT, LUNCH COUNTER
«©^iV.'V/. and bar: fine stock of liquor and uten-
sils: in the midst of the working class; fn'l inves-
tigation. See MYERS & GRAHAM. 777 Market.
<j>7AA ONE OF THE FINEST REST AU-
•77 M'U. rants in city: good location; doing
business of $40 per day; established 26 years: has
always .made money; stand full Investigation;
reason for sailing, owner moving Into own prop-
erty: and any one wanting a business of this kind
will rind on investigation all that is claimed for it;
this is a rare chance. T. LUBELSKI, 7 city Hall
avenue.
ffi 7 E.A CANDY FACTORY AND ICECREAM
%P I *■*" parlor, elegant locality; established
long; rent cheap; if you see this place It will inter-
est you, as It is paying welL T. LUBELSKI, 7
City Hall aye. *
ELEGANT, WELL-ESTABLISHED
*U -J"V/v/. PWing business: a rare chance for
1 or 2 energetic business men; Investigation will
show it to be the finest business ever offered for
the money. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
(£9^o CIGAR-STORE; SEE IT IMMEDI-
<U?-j«JV/. ately: best bargain offered in San Fran-
clsco. T. LUBEUSKI. 7 City Hall avenue.
CH ()0(\ PARTNER IN ELEGANT PAY-
tipj A'UU. Ing office business; a rare chance for
the right man; the fullest investigation and trial
if required: object for taking partner Is too much
other business. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
©|7X CANDY-sTORE AND ICECREAM
<iPX I U. parlor; railroad station, Oakland; flrst-
class paying. WILKE WOLF. 531 California,
CM CORNER BARROOM; LARGE
HP±V\J\J patronage: kept by owner for 20
years; rent $35. WIIKK A WOLr',s3l California.
tr.Af) CORNER grocery AND BAR;
<pO\J\J. living-rooms: rent $30; doing good
business: choice location. WILKE <fc WOLF. 531
California st.
HOTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS:
new 6-story and basement brick building, con-
taining 98 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located, half block X
of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel an*
Emporium building; newly furnished throughout;
furniture for saie on reasonable terms, For fur-
ther particulars apply to B. SILVEBBERG, 320
feansome St.. room 39.
IJ'OR SALE-ONE OF THE OLDEST EST AB-
-I- ltsbed liquor-saloons in the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
In fine order; has a line day and night trade; situ-
ated in the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floor* nicely furnished rooms at-
tached; sickness the only reason for selling. Ad-
dress for particulars M. M., box 100. Call Office. .
(j;9nn GROCERY AND BAR: OLD E&TAB-"
tfl »JW. lished; cheap rent; great bargain if sold
this week. See GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
O ALOON AMONG FACTORIES WHERE HUN-
-0 dreds of men are employed: pays well; great
sacrifice this week. See fit's STRAND, 45 Third.
<J» I -if. BRANCH BAKERY AND CANDY.
»J> 1 £>O. store; rent $12. SKIFF, 921 Market.
Q»Q7C HOME BAKERY; CLEARS $100 A.
ttf>OlO. month: rent $17. SKIFF, 921 Market.
ffljl XA FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE;
«JpX O\J. rent $17; bargain. SKIFF, 921 Market.
T GREAT SACRIFICE. ~
A large and complete stock of human hair
switches, front pieces, wigs, fancy goods and fix-
tures, formerly the propertvof MRS, HUBBARD.
Inquire at DAVIS. I! ABER & CO.'S, 211 Finest.,
or at 1310 and 1312 Market su
RARE BARGAIN: IMPROVEMENTS ON
chicken ranch: worth $1000: for $200; im-
! mediately; long lease: 4 acres: 5-roomed bouse;
$la 50 month. Inquire Postoffice, Upper Fruit-
vale, Alameda Co., for LOUIS ISAAC'S place.
\\f ANTED— ACTIVE MEN AND WOMEN
11 for permanent and paying business: work:
light and profitable. Call at my office, T. KIND-
LESPIRE, room 1, first floor, 1152 Franklin su.
Oakland.
JIOR SALE— NICE RETAIL BUTCHER BUSl-
;ies< fitted up for pork packing and sausag*
manufacturing; central y located; cheap rent;
good trade. Inquire at premises. 1424 Howard st.
ICYCLE STORE AND REPAIR SHOP;
well established; good location: full line 01
bicycles, sundries, tools, oven vulcanizer; opening
for a machinist 1113 Market su
ARGAIN: OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON
IJ cheap: good transient and lodging-house trade;
good cause for proprietor quitting business; rent
$-0. 319 Third St.: no agents.
ffl»] 900"" RESTAURANT; A PICK-UP; ES-
tID-I.— UV. tablished 15 years; a good business;
reason for sale, retiring; investigation' given;
make offer. Apply 29 Sixth^t.
\\r ANTED— MAM WITH $500 TO BUY BONA
it fide business; will pay $150 a month: hall
cash; balance out of business. B. box 20, Call.
PARTNER WANTED IN NICE SALOON AT
X prominent transfer corner; small capital re-
quired ; or will sell as a whole. 317 V a Tenth st.
PARTNER FOR THE FAIRS; $40 RE-
C quired: big money-makers: for to-day only.
X-RAY CO., 112 Taylor st., R. 6. 9 to 4 p. m.
<X J.flfl OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER BA-
tjp-iUU. loon for 30 years: 8 fine livlng-rooma;
best reason for selling. Inquire Call Office.
1 ARGAIN; SALOON: BAR RECEIPTS $15
I to $18 daily: rent $20: near san Francisco.
Apply H. M. COVERT, 218 California St.
©OX AVERAGE WEEKLY NET 'INCOME
fip^O $250 invested: safe, conservative; prospec-
tus. proots. free. F. DALY, 1-^93 Broadway, N.*.
A T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. i OWAN BUYS
x\ stores; negotiates mortgages on merchandise;
wells on commission. Room 15. 26 Montgomery.
<D* 1 CIGAR-STORE, WHOLESALE DIS-
«£)JLcIW. trie -. full value in stock: good busi-
ness; rent $20. 26 First.
BAKERY, CANDY, NOTION-STORE; GOOD
location; bargain. Address A. 8., Call Branch
Office, 339 Hayes St.
NEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY,
close to San Francisco. For particulars apply
this office.
I[>OR FIRST-CLASS SALOON. APPLY
1 H. HAAR, 114 O'Farrtll st.
SALOON AN 1 > •-' ROOMS TO LET. 829
Howard st., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
1 EXPRESS WAGON, HORSE AND STAND
-i for sale: $60. Apply M. 8., 1422 Broadway.
$•) RE NT— RKS; AURA NT ' AND FIX-
~O tnres. J. F. PLUM BE. 1402 Valencia st.
lIQUOR-STORE; GOOU BUSINESS; RARE
J chance: cheap. Apply Call Office.
STABLISHEi) CORNER' GROCERY AND
bar: account of sickness. "inch and Castro.
AI--Y AND PRODUCE BUSINESS: 4 ;LlV-
ing-rooms; for sale cheap. 1008 Hyde st.
VINE CIGAR-STAND FOR SALE; A RARE
X\ chance for the right man. 311 Bush St.
EARNS BILL] \i:I>TIALL, BERKELEY
for sale. Apply on premises.
LOUGIXG-HOIJSKS FOR SALE.
OTEITITrGE TR.\ DE ; FINE LOCATION:
owner retiring. Apply to DECKER, 1020
Market st.
30-room house: $500 cash, bal. payments... sl6oo
2- rooms; corner house; new.:....... .... 450
14 rooms; boarding house: 40 boarders 1250
90 rooms: guaranteed to clear over $150.... 370
18-room house on Sixth *t V 401}
Hotel and rooming-house.-*; all sizes and prices
Apply to H. C DECKER & CO., 1020 Market
sU, opposite Fifth.
9^-ROOM HOUSE TO EXCHANGE FOR ANY
OK) kind of real estate. DECKER. 1020 Market.
1 £-ROOM HOUSE; 1 ! 1. .UR ALL OFFICES;
i U only $450; must sell. DECKER. 1020 Market!
9 > ;\ EW - 1 ' - sVI D '■ r - FOR LOTS $2500
As 16 rooms: clear 1 550...... 250
28 rooms: making m0ney. ..... " ' ' 475
180 rooms; clearing $500 "*" " 7000
10 rooms; clearing $50 ' viiq
UN DERWOOD & CO..' 765 Market sU
58"«-i$l£' HOUH ' E: CLKABS $150: PRICE
OO $1000. a. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
9A-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE; CHEAP FOR
rtoj^Q^MCon^ the city. Call ° f add res,
T> ARGAIN: FINE WELL-FURNISHED
-»-* house: 20 rooms: steady, wel.-paying. respect-
able class of patronage. 25 Ninth St. : 1:. agents.
T OpGING-HOUSE": 15 ROOMS: BEST PART
-*~i city for workingmen; $25: water fre*. 544 6th.
HOUSE OF 19 ROOMS FURNISHED OH UN-
furnished. 706 Vun .Ness aye.
8 -ROOM LODGING-HOI WELL FUR!
nished; must sell. Apply Call Office.
Good paying lodging-house of li
rooms; clears S5O. Address B , box 113, Call.
% \VEtK-a NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TiiH
- \ WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
LOST. ~ ~~
C\N LARKIN ST.— HANDBAoTYEWELRi-"
/ money, paiers: lor toil's sake return; poor
widow's only possessions; liberal reward. 2304
.Van -Ness aye.
Cjj I f\ REWARD: GOLD DIAMOND LOCKET :
<J>XU initials H. B. 1805 . , ason si. ■°" c<i *
Lr. 3 GOLD WATCH CHARM, a!
OF. No. 7556, Cou " Twin IVaks. Return 'to
1143 Market St., bet Seventh and Kighth.
C* X REWARD— LOST, ABOUT S WEEKS
«.T « s -°' * gold hand with chain, on which is a
1 shell. Apply i-ia Clay at.H°JES? S To tET -
SB. REAR HoCbTTinr^llsTicVaTcAPP
street.
$20— >unn.v bay-window house of 7 rooms and
bath: large yard: 1023 Capp st.
*B— Upper flat of 4 rooms: 1025 Capp st.
Me. WEN BRO&, 118 Montgomery St.
S9O RESIDENCE; TREAT AYE., OP-
PFORn ?Sq^, Ua . rH " w B( J uar e: 1 rooms. JOHN
PFORR, 329 Montgomery sL
IjEAUTIFUL EASTLAKE RESIDENCE IN A
XJ stylish locality. Western Addition, 421 oak
si.: ween 2 lines of cars; all modern Improve-
ments; containing j^rooms and bath; rent $40.
9 ;: \( iQ Washington ST.— 7 rooms; bath-.
+.*jyj*j first-class location. f42 60 with water.
1 9(lr. BRYANT— 9 booms, pabtly fub-
X ~\i\j nighed; rent »20.
AY-WINDOW HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS; 212
Perry st., off Fourth: $12 50: water free. Ap-
ply G. H. UMBSEN <fc CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
] \ELAWaRE COURT, OFF SUTTER, BET.
xj Powell and Mason— 4 rooms, $14; central;
cheap.
"1 "I LIBERTY, NEAR VALENCIA, MISSION
XX warm belt; house 8 room* and bath; large
yard: cheap. Inquire 706 Ivy aye.
"1 C>nU SUTTER— NICE SUNN V HOCSKOF 10
iCJU«7room s; large closets; bath; rent # $45;
water Included.
On 2814 LAGUNA ST.; HOUSE 6 ROOMS.
UJD^U* $14—1831 Union St.; house 4 rooms.
"V ICKLY FURNISHED HOUSE IN WESTERN
i-> Addition; 9 rooms. Apply 624 Sansome st.
CIH-AP ELEGANT RESIDENCE: SW. COB.
J California and Laguna sts. Go see it. - . --
OUSKS TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st. _^
COTTAGES TO LET.
"iTPHa c7^t^3Ei"n^owVT3t^y~st^
k? x\J .%J\J . off Clay, between Powell and Mason.
COTTAGE, 6 ROOMS, CHEAP TO SUITABLE
J party. Apply 8.0V2 Jessie st.. off Ninth.
"I K»,O TURK — 4-ROOM COTTAGE; ALSO S
X.U —— . rooms; rear; stable and shed.
ft TEHAMA — SUNNY COTTAGE « ROOMS;
«■* newly fitted up; large yard: rent moderate.
COTTAGE 3 SUNNY ROOMS; LARGE BASE-
J ment, yard. Harrison st., beu Twenty-second
and Twenty-third.
UNN V COTTAGES, 4 AND 5 ROOMS, BATH,
O basement, stable. Aileen aye,, off 16th *U, nr.
Dolores.
UN NY' MODERN COTTAGE, 6 ROOMS AND
bath: large flower garden and cellar. 613 Grove.
* ) S')A MISSION"— SPLENDID COTTAGE 8
*"*«- j: roomgana bath; yard; flower garden: $18.
EDUCED ALL THOSK NICE HOUSES ON
Geary. Sutter, Franklin and other streets; get
list; good tenants wanted. SPECK A CO., 602
Market su
FURNISHED FLATS.
QUNNY FLAT, 5 KOOMS, BATH, FURNI-
-0 tur6 lor sale; rent 515. 1911 a Hyde St.; no
dealers.
FLATS TO LET.
"c^NT^B^DuT^TonT^BEA CtT-
ful new flats: SE. cor. FiUmore and McAllis-
tersts.: $37 50. $32 50; 7 rooms and bath eacn:
reduced from $45, $40: porcelain tubs, hardwood
finish, sunny rooms, etc.; a bargain. SHAIN-
WALD, BUCKBEE _ CO., 218, MM Montgomery.
IF YOU WANT A NICE SONNY FLAT, OR
X. cottage, see me; I have some nice furnished
cottages to let. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
9AQr AND 2037 MISSION. BETWKEN SIX-
— \J*J>) teenth and Seventeenth; 4 aud 6 rooms
and bath.
WANTED- 200 GOOD TENANTS; RENTS.
'» from $10 up for flats, cottages. SPECK. <fc
CO., 602 Market at.
CQI SEVENTH— FLAT 4 LARGE SUNNY
uOl room-, with stable.
OAO THIRTKENTH ST.— NICE FLATS; 5
"TO rooms and bath. $17; 4 rooms and bath,
$15.
1 OWKR FLAT: 6 ROOMS, BATH, CELLAR,
XJ yard. 3739 Seventeenth st.
L LEGANT 7-KOOM MODKKN FLAT, IN PER-
J■> feet order; moderate rent. 827 Howard St.,
near Fourth.
VLA TS TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
J money at BALDWIN ,_ HAMMOND'S, 10
.Montgomery st. A-. -
1 Qv)Ql SACRAMENTO— F ,AT 5 ROOMS;
1 O_O-» gas: bath: rent, $16. • ■ -■.
EVEN ROOMS AND BATH. TWENTIETH,
near Mission, opposite postoflice: rent. $18.
Q> ] Q NICE FLAT 4 ROOMS. 14 MOSS ST.,
Qi O. beu Sixth and Seventh, near Howard.
LINE SUNNY FLAT 6 Ft- OMS AND BATH.
X. 1006 Jackson st., above Mason.
VLAT; & ROOMS, BATH: NEWLY TINTED
X and papered: rent $18. 925 Greenwich st.
OVK_V, SUNNY, MODERN UPPER FLAT;
5 Momi aud bath; large yard; only $15: water
free. 4073 Twenty-third s:., 100 feet from Castro;
key 4075 till turther notice.
li ODKHS IiAT: 4 ROOMS AND BATXL 1809
i'-l £ddy St., pear Scott. -
p. 1 »1B FELL— UPPER SUNNY FLAT OF 4
ul- rooms and bath. Inquire 612 Buchanan st.
©1 1 EACH— FINE FLATS: FOLSOM ST.,
wX 1 opposite Columbia square. JOHN PFORR,
329 Montgomery st. • ■
ctavia. bet. waller AND haight,
opp. Valencia — i'ent greatly reduced: the
cheapest flats in the cltv ; sun ail day; will be put
In first-class order; 6 and 7 rooms and bath ; $20
and 9^5. • • •
Q"I O HYDE— THE MOST ELEGANT FLAT
VxO In the city, centrally located: five minutes
from Keartiy or Market; 8 rooms; bath; butler's
pantry, etc.
1 "I \l GUERRERO, CORNER OF TWKNTY-
IxOx fourth— New 4 rooms and bath, 912; 6
and 7 rooms, $16 ana $18- - .-'.
*> FLATS 7 KOOMS, BATH, REDUCED FROM
Zi $22 50 to $18. Apply MADISUN A BURKE.
KENT CHEAP— FLAT FOUR BOOMS. 818
Thirteenth st., bet. Guerrero and Market.
91 7Q FIFTEENTH, NX. MARKET—
*«HO flat of 5 rooms and bath; $14. i. •- ' :
00 STOCKTON PLACE. OFF STOCKTON ST.—
J~~ Flat of 4 rooms; sunny.
C?IA 3 ROOMS AND HALL. 6 BOWIE
O X XJ. aye., off Eleventh st. - r -'. •,
L LAT 4 OB 5 ROOMS, BATH; I HEAP. 1513
r Taylor St., bet. Pacific and Broadway.
EW STEPS FROM CITY HALL; 2 FLATS
6 and 6 rooms: $22 and $30. 14 Grove at.
QAi< LOMBARD, NKAK DUPO-V1 — CHEAP-
OUO est flats in town; 6 rooms and bath; re-
duced to *13: nice order. ■-->■■'.
1 7f\U post— 3 AND 4 room SUNNY flats:
X I UP garden; bath: $13 and $1&
COAa TURK— REAR SUNNY UPPERFLAT;
O£.X) all light rooms; rent 913. ■■.?:
ST UPPKK FLAT: 4 BOOMS, YARD AND
I . water; all separate. 1111 Elm aye. : ■
pORNEK MIDDLE FLAT; 419 THIRD ST.: 7
\J rooms and bath: rent 930. Key at. 417 Third.
T OWER SUNNY FLAT, 3 JANE PLACE,
■Li near Mason St.; no car fare: healthy; $12.
CjJ^rk LOWER BAY WINDOW FLAT: 5
O — ". rooms: bath: modern improvements.
Apply 1118 Green st., bet. Hyde and Larkin
I7URNISHED FLAT; 4 ROOMS; RENT $18.
■T 2633 Mission st. ,
q SUNNY FLATS; 4 AND 3 ROOMS EACH;
0 $11, $10 and $9. 2041 Harris n, opp. 18th.
CHOICE SUNNY FLATS: 6 AND 7 ROOMS;
\J bath; Park view. 1814-1316 F.ll, nr. Baiter.
©9] X|| FI.NE UPPKR CORNER Fl.Al : 6
•- — ' ..OKI rooms »nd bath: porcelain tubs;
rentrednced. Cor. Pirn- and Baker oin.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Broadway.
Aft q BROADWAY — NICELY FURNISHED
~"<J housekeeping rooms; also single.
Hush Street.
£91 BUSH-NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
\f*» X front rooms for housekeeping, or board if
desired. '
Castro Street.
ja- CASTRO (BEAR) — 3 nice SUNNY
rxKJO rooms; large yard; stable: $9.
Clay Street.
9Qn7 LAY — LARGE FRONT ALCOVE
— O\J I rooms and front am back parlor.
~~ Eddy Street. • ~~~
QIC EDDY— 8 UNFURNISHED OR FUR-
OXO nished rooms: fine location; private fam-
Dy; gas range; reference. ; ■ .;-r.-_z--.
Eighth Street.
9A NINTH ST.— FRONT HOUSEKEEPING
Z.K) BUi:es or single; pas or wood Cove.
\ JCKLY FURNISHED RCOMS; BAY WlN-
i* dow: kitchen and use of bath room. Apply
at 112 Eighth street, lower flat. ■ .
Ellis Street.
/'OQ KI.T.IS, COR. LARKIN — FRONT AL-
'!»)'' cove bay-window; light housekeeping; gas
and ba'.B. - - . ■ • ..' - ■
rffifi KLLIS— PARLOR FLO'JItOF 3 UNFUB-
-1 \J\J ni.-iii d rooms and laundry.
Essex Street.
TTNFUBNISHKD Ruo 1 -. FOB HOUSE-
U ke.-pirig. Call 8 Essex St., Rincon Hill.
ell Street. ~~
lon ELL — 2 OR 3 FUBNISHED BOOMS
I Zi\l lor housekeeping.
i ill .Street.
q-j^ FIFTH— LA SUNNY FRONT BED-
PI:*!; roomana kitchen: bath; yard; private; sll.
• 1 OißUiil Sti«;«>..'
OKA FOLSOM —SUNNY SINGLE ROOM;
<--"'" a | R< > connecting housekeeping room: pri-
vate family. -.- _ •; I "
lourtti Street.
99 Pv FOURTH— FURNISHED ROOMS FOB
*-— houaekeeplug; $6 to 98 per mouiU.
FLATS TO LET-Continued.
Uj-uve >tretii.
AftOl GROVE— 2 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
I\J-dg bay-window rooms, bat 11; cheap.
Haight Street.
1 1 DO HAIOIIT-RUNNY SUIT*. OR SIN-
x x <jkj Kle furnished room; housekeeping privl-
leges If desired.
Harrison Street.
7-40 HARRISON-THREE NICELY FURN-
-1 ny/ Ished sunny rooms for housekeeping; hot
and cola water; stationary tubs.
iiou;ir<i Mreo..
QOXI HOWARD— UR»K SUNNY HOCSE-
tJ-JiJZ keeping suites; single rooms: reasonable.
hearny Street. ■
SOR LKSS ROOMS. KKARNY. NEAR SUT-
ter; gas and water free. Api 15 Grant aye.
Larkin Street.
JOQ IIARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
"■^« O sunny rooms for housekeeping; also single.
Lcavou\vori.li street.
FLI j; LEAVENWORTH— 2 UPPKR ROOMS,
'J 1 *) also basement: completely furnished for
housekeeping.
Lewis Street.
"I n LEWIS ST., OFF TAYLOR, NR. POST— 3
X\J sunny unfurnished rooms; water free; ?11.
Martha Place.
3 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY ST., NEAR
Mason— 2 rooms for light housekeeping.
Mama ■'tree..
HO MINNA— LARGE FRONT DOUBLE
1 !•- room for light housekeeping, $8; also
single. ■ .'■.-j.
4 a D MINNA — NICE SUNNY FRONT ROOM
""O and kitchen, well furnished for housek'p'g.
J-iktion Mre« .
"I ARK MISSION — FRONT BAY-WINDOW
I\JUO suite complete; housekeeping, $15: also
one $8; one $6
Odavia Street.
1 yfAQ OCTAVIA. COR. GEARY — SUNNY
J^lv/O bay-window and kitchen; gas and bath.
mi vt'iii Street.
1'- SEVENTH — LARGE ROOMS FOR
1 O I housekeeping; $8 and 89.
Stockton Place.
90n STOCKTON, NE. COR. GEARY— 2 OR 3
— \J\J sunny unfurnished housekeeping; cheap.
:-i_i.ii> .
I 9' SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY
i _ iJ housekeeping rooms and others.
lehama Street.
3 TEHAMA— 4 SUNNY ROOMS FOR HoUBE-
keeping; rent moderate.
■::.. \.. 'iliira Street.
1 A Q THIRD — SUN HOUSEKEEPING
xt:O rooms: complete: bath; gas,
n_TON HOLSE, 2.0 THIRD — SINGLE
suits, llzht housekeeping, $5 up: brick bid: yard
cry.i THIRD — TWO . PLEASANT HOUSE-
«J"— keeping rooms; back and front.
Turk M ree. .
OO TURK— 2 OR 3 FURNISHED HOUSE.
00 keeping rooms.
\ an :>es» Avenue.
C-l Q VAN NESS AYE.— LARGE SUNNY
OXO furnished room and kitchen; other rooms.
"Washing-ton street.
P:AC} WASHINGTON — SUNNY UNFUR-
O\J— nished housekeeping rooms: running water.
Welch Street.
m WELSH, OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 3 NICELY
furnished rooms: housekeeping; cheap.
Miscellaneous.
991 GEARY. ROOM 37— ROOM AND HOUSE
——2 renting agency; no fee for registering.
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— I
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to an/ address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
free.
ROOMS TO LET.
Bryant Street.
A-\ Ob BRYANT, NEAR SECOND— SUNNY
X— furnished room, bath and gas, cheap.
iiiuy Street.
A -I EDDY. CORNER MASON— NICELY FUR-
■3I nished, clean, sunny rooms; day, week or
month. Tel. Jessie 411. The Portsmouth.
joi EDDY— FINE. SUNNY. NEWLY FUR-
~i — "i nished rooms: house first class in every re-
spect; terms reasonable.
■i-<i.iirri ! Lice..
CHKRMA^ APARTMENT KOrsE, 7* !»TH
0 St.. near Market-, iurnishtxl nnd unfurnished.
>nw >•- -««..
THE RAMOSA, 130 KLUS. MRS. KATB S.
X HART, manager— A quiet bouse: centrally lo-
ted ; newly furnished: elevator: hot A cold wa>r.
00 j ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
OZi I lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
= 1 (• ELLIS— HANDSOME PARLORS: CLOS-
OX\J eta; water; also 2 large pleasant rooms.
I- uiion Street.
11Q FULTON — 2 NICELY FURNISHED
J.J.O rooms; sunny; gas and bath. ;^-.- , ■ ■
v^eary Stteet.
91 7 OEARY-3 SUNNY P.00M3 IN REAR;
£iX. I cottage; key premises. '■■ '
drove Street.
Aft*) l GROVE— FUBN tSHED SUNNY BAY-
'~x\J £. 2 window room: bath: cheap.
A(\\> GROVE— SUNNY FURNISHED BAY-
ti \JO window rooms; rent $8.
uuttiki'd -iiiii«..
rj(\A HOWARD-FINELY FURNISHED
• \'~i front rooms; housekeeping rooms; cheap.
741 HOWARD — FURNISHED BOOMS KN
i 1 I suite or single; housekeeping rooms:
transient. .v » '.
iloiien Street.
nr\7 .♦« > — TJIE Van Wnntr.W: XFW
-vl msnaeement: rlegaat fnnny suites laiU
single: newly lurii'shp'i : lia:n. etc.: SIO to s:«li
QA 1 JONES — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
OU 1 sunny rooms:suite or single: private family
A-\ r JONES— NICKLY FURNISHED -UNNY
_:!_> rooms: in suites or single; terms moderate.
» • • 1 11 » strt-o-..
00 KEARNY-NICKLY FURNISHED ROOMS;
.-•> terms reasonable: quiet bouse.
QA AR.S Y— WiCLL-FURNISHED FRONT
'>'' sunny suite: single rooms; electric lizhts. •
v KLiNoruN HOUSE, m KKARNY —
.\ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect; terms reasonable.
>.i.lit<>' N.1M0..
pUSTE^, 906 market AND 9 ELLIS-BIN-
\J gie front rooms aud suites, 60c to $160 per
night; S3 to $6 per week; offices to let.
VOBKMITK HOUSE. 1045 MA RKKT — PhR
1 night. Hoc to 91 : week. 91 SO to 95: families.
Alas on Street.
99 Q MASON— N EW L V FURNISHED
— — 'J rooms. -
Minna Street.
OQH MINNA. COB. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
-00 I nished bay-window rooms: $1 per week.
j.ittiim street.
/?1 O MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
\J LO rooms; 15c to 60c per night: 91 to $2 week.
079 Mis.-lON — LARGE FRONT SUITE;
Ol- physician's offices for years; also other
1 on/ MISSION— ICELY F U bTnTsH — D
-1 _UU room, gas and bath, $5.
991 MISSION— LABGK .-INN PARLOR.
X —— i- 911: alsoblncle room, 96.
Natoma Street.
701 NATOMA, COB. EIGHTH-2 OR 3 FUR-
I \JX nished or unfurnUhed rooms.
Pine Street. .
n-\ 1 PIVE— 3 SUNNY BOOMS: 94. «5 AND
\JX 1 910 per month; for gentlemen.
Post Street.
71 3 PrmT— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
I XO rooms: suite or single: all conveniences.
Powell Street.
91 9-214 POWK LL " (WILLISFORDI-EN-
— 1 — tlrely renovatea throughout; newly fur-
nlsbed rooms: en suite or single: terms r*a*o*nable.
99X POWELL, I OR. HKAKV- SUNNY ROOM
_— _» newly fur.. $8: also large sunny cor. room.
Sixteenth Street.
9099 SIXTEENTH— ONE OR TWO SUNNY
— — — furnished rooms; with or without house-
keeping.
' south Park. 7
rri SOUTH PARK - VERY DESIRABLE
O \J newly furnished sunny rooms,' bath, gas, etc. •
respectable private family; moii.-r^e.
' tiievtukon Street.
A nO STEVENSON. COB. FIFTH-FUBNISH-
ivU ed rooms to suit. ■ . "
Stuckton Street.
I EUROPEAN (TH 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
J iiish. d suites, $4 to 910;;sinil.- rooms. #1 60 to
$3 week; 60c to 92 night: hot and co.d running
water iv every room: baths; *■ evator: transient.
NEW PYRNEK IiOUSH. 1314 STOCKTON—
jl> Front suites; single rouais; bouaekpin£;cheau.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1896.
ROOMS TO LET-Contlnned.
t uiier >iree..
QO>J SUTTKB-FURN. ROOMS OR SUITES,
DKJO $1 25 to «10 wk; night 2: ; c to $1 50: transi.
711 SUTT-& -HANDSOME ROOMS AND
t 1 X tnltes. newly furuished: rates reasonable.
<7fJQ SUTTEK, COR. TAYLOR— ELEGANTLY
I \JO newly furnished sunny ran.; suite or single.
'lay lor Street.'
InO TAYLOR-SUNNY ROOMS; SINGLE
X\IU and double; SI 50 a week up.
1 AU TAYLOR— KLf.GANT FHOST ALCOVE
i _:«/ parlor: hot water: bath; reasonable.
PLI TAYLOR— NEWLY FCK.MSHKD SUN-
*JX.\J ny single and double rooms: private family.
f»1 t) TAYLOR— 2 SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
"->l— . also suite; rent reasonable.
1 uik .street.
1 |')| TURK, CORN E STEINER— NEATLY
liOt furnished rooms for gentlemen. $s.
. Vincent Street.
3 VINCENT, OFF GREEN— FOUR SUNNY
rooms: $9.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
\irANTFD. IN CITY^BoXrIS~AND^ROOM
•'on ground floor for gentleman and lady with
baby 1 year old. Address T. 21. «., 566 Kleveuth
st., Oakland. ..: -• ■ ■
<>AU JONES— NEWLY FURNIsHKI) SUNNY
OUi; rooms, suite or single, with board for 2; $50.
A~l ') EDDY — ELEGANTLY FURNISH
11- parlors for 4 young men: good board; $20
each.
7n9 O'FARRELL— IN A REFINED HOMK
I"-' newly furnished sunny front rooms: tabie
first class: terms reasonable.
OnQ VAN NESS AYE.— DESIRABLE SUNNY
OVJO rooms: first-class table ooard: reasonable
OTKL BKRTLING, 714 liVJbil— A FAMILY
hotel: refereucea eiveu imu required; tdliuod-
►pi «iinv»nlpn'-e« . -■.:■/
CHILDREN BOARDED.
\Tr i now w ith~a~quiet7 comFo rt a ble
» ' home, would like a child to board. 829 Vs Gut-
ter su
\\riDOW WOULD LIKE 1 OR 2 CHILDREN
*' (1 to 5 years) to board. 809 Baker st.
4()O". TW-NTY-Fll-TH ST. — PLEASANT
trv/^ii/ home for child: room tor parents. y: . : . "
lADY OF EXPERIENCE WISHES CHILD
* to board: personal attention: mother's care;
healthy location: large grounds. 2519 c'ol.ege
aye.. Berkeley. Cal.
" STORES TO LET.
♦J £20 ami $18; suitable for any business; no
bakery In location, Apply MApIsON & BURKE;
key grocery, Polk anrt Grove sts.
TORE TO LET— 26I THIRD ST. APPLY 214
O Third.
TORE TO LET. 2206 FILL— ST., NEAR
O Sacramento: rent ifclo.
Cj I X STORE AND FIXTURES AND 3
«JPXi>. rooms. 213 Fourteenth st.
STORE OF TWO LIVING-ROOMS: FINE
chance grocer. 452 Haight st.|
TORE, WITH 8 ROOMS, K. COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye. and Webster st. ; choice location for
drugs' ore. r" ■■■'■■,
OFFICES TO j^ET.
QPRKCKELS BUILDING. 927 MARKKT—
O Elegant snnnv offices, 912 50 up: electric-light:
-eating and )_nltor service free. Apply at building
(in.. H. I'MBSKN A CO.. 14 MontromTy st.
BICYCLES.
V N. HAWLKY. 31 S Market st.
BICYCLES AND TAiVDKMS BELOW COST,
to Cose out stock. W. CRANE, 32 1 Post at.
I^OWLEK AND BEN HUB, $60: BKN HUR
tandem. Tribune tandem, good as new, $100:
all above ' 96. DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
1. AKGAJN IN A STEARNS TANDKM; ALSO
• > single wheels. 306 Post st.
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO i_T;
X best accommodations. Terminal U«ary, Mo-
Alllster ami Powell st. far linet.
FOB SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
p KEAT nAH^tnw fi^r~salel "also
VJ" talking parrot. 1201 Valencia St.
Al4-KARAT GOLD. LATEST IMPROVED,
Howard Watch tor $50 at UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grunt »ye. : ■.;. .
d> I /| SINGER sKv\lN<i-M ACHINE, HIGH-
• u . X > '. arm, almost new. - 2437 Mission si., near
Twenty-first.
ECO.D-HAKD TINNERS' TOUL*S FOR
sale cheap at lOSVciay St., Oakland.
\]EWS-DRAWEK DOMESTIC SEWING MA-
J." chine: cheap. 1915 Mission su, bet. Fifteenth
and Sixteenth.
9(||| EGG RELIABLE INCUBATOR, BKOOD-
— \i\J er. yards.s3o. 2427 Dwight way. Berkeley.
L»AK», 6HOWCASKB, COUNTERS, SHELV
ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 mission, nr. 7tb.
»OFFEIS -MILL, SCALES, LETTER PRKS-.
/ stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. 10? Clay.
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES ANDRAT-
I ' tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First st,
near Mission.
SPLENDID REMINGTON TYPKWRITKR.
0 $45: others Iroru 920 up. RKVALK. 409 Cat.
I>OILERS.ENGINES.2D-HAND MACHINERY
If water pipes. Slclntosh. A Wolpman. 137 Beats.
pUUNTICKN MUKLVIMU, t?HOWCA>K-*
v- bars rxiu«b' <fe sold. HVli/jj Markt.bet 7th A «:a
ALL BABY CARRIAGKSAND CHAIRS AT
cost; hood tops, $5 60 up; repairing: open
evenings. S. if. Baby Carriage M fg. Co.. 442 Sixth.
GOOD IsKCOND-HAND BUILKU; ALSO LOT
pulleys, shafting, etc- W. L. bANFORD,
415 Washington st
i) HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINK EN-
— cine: good as new; $90. Apply 215 Bay st.
, UILDINOS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SA.SHK4
doors, mantels, etc f?r sale. 1166 Mission.
ON_ >MA__ ilhlllljl ,i.mi J.AHUK SUrf
tire and burglar proof tuft 103. 11l M irk-: 1.
VKWKANGEd CHEAPER THAN BKCON--
i-> band. W. K. RAY .Mf^Co,. 32 California »_
SEWING MACHINES.
LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED.
-\ rented. r«ralri»d: lowest rates. -.'O5 Fourth
MEDICAL.
A BLESSING TO LADIES BUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: lawst Improved method of treatment-
never falls; perfectly harmless; tree from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well-
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home in confinement. DR. <fe MRS.
DA VIES. 14 McAllister st., next Hlbernla Bank
consult free: French regulating pink pills *2-
hours from 9 a. _ to 5 p. _ and 7 to 9 p. it.
LI. CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RK-
stored In a few hour*; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without ri. lay • pri-
vate home In contlnt regular graduate r.ny-
vician: years' successful prarticc- MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY used: ladies, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere; you will save time aud
expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post St., near Larkin.
NEW PROCESS— NO MKDICINK. INSTRTJ-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day
can be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed-
If you wan; to be treated safe and sure call on a
man physician. DR. t'OPPKR. 818 Kearny sc
T ADIES, CHICHKSTKR'S ENGLISH PENNY"
.. vf ova ', l>Uls (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable: take no other, .-end 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars. "Relief for Ladies." in letter by return mail-
at druggist's. ChichesterChem. Co.. Philadelphia!
ALPKAC'S FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
. ladies troubled with Irregularities: no danger-
safe and sure: *2 60 express C. O. D.-. don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BhOS., Oakland, Cal.
RS. GOODWIN. DISEASES WOMEN SPE-"
clalty; unexcelled in restoring irregularity or
other conditions: home in confinement: oest care-
low fees: phis $2. _oved to 904 McAllister st
MRS. DR. WKG KN T A KE3~LADIeITbb:
lore and during confinement: infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all ffmale comulaiuuor
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. .---jT
SURE CURK FOR ALL FKMALK DISEASES"
O from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed. b»
MRS. DR. OWYKIt, 226 Turk st * u "** ale * a « D '
MRS. J. A. ACli » RD, MIDWIFE-HOME IN
confinement; 25 yearn' experience. 666 Mis-
sion St.
RS. M. E. RODGEKS, PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement: terms reduced. 929 Howard st.
DR. DORA GRAY- ALL FEMALE COM-
plaints restored: cure guaranteed. 327 hddy.
TV IRREGULAR OR Ax V F I . .1 ALK D I X A s_'
lsee M Ks, DU. PUETZ and be content. 26444 th.
DR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER 81 RKKT NIAR
XJ Jones. Diseases of women and child
"PRIVATE HOMK IN CONFINEMENT Milk'
,-DX. KUX<KK. 1416 1i«'.,1. it.. a lamina,
PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
VTOTICE OF DISSOLUTION' " OF CO-PART-
i.Vn*r«tilp— The partnership existing between F
C. WAGNKR and L. WAGNKR, under the ilrrn of
F. C. -WAGNER A BRO , was this day "dis-
solved by mutual consent. Owing to 111-health F
C. WAO.VEK tires from the Firm. LUDWIG
WAGNER will continue the business in the nan
Of L. WAGNER A CO., and will pay and collect
all debts owing to and by the firm.
September 4, 18att. F. C WAGNER.
- "■ ■. LUDWIG WAGNKR.
pOPARTNERSHIP NOTICK — THE UNDER~
\J signed have this day formed a copartnership
under the firm name of MARTIN _ MARKS for
the purpose of transacting a general real esta*«
business, PATRICK J. MARTIN.
.EDMUND MARKS.
18 Post st.
San Francisco. September 1. lS9ts.
■photographers- supplies.
kedslTnot pumpkin, seeds, but"seed
dry. plates, with developers and all requisites
for photo^ruphlng, at Cal. Camera Co., 124 Gear/.
PERSONALS.
larX— you~ca3T^go TO MR. LEDEREK'S
\J now without having to wait so long to get your
hair dressed. He has enlarged his parlors and put
in more people, hu his price Is the same, 25c. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
LADY (STRAN'.EK) DEBIRKS3 GENTLK-
XJ man partner; t'-'S capital. ■R. 2. 12 Post st.
AI KY PRODUCE, BUTTER, CHEESE, EGGS
and poultry, wholesale and retail. 1025 Howard.
j, INK WATCH REPAIRING. JEWEITy
I made order, spectacles repaired, lenses ground-
low prices: tine work. J.N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary.
ADVICE KKKKJ DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
clalty; private; no charge unless successful: all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWK,atty-at-law, 850 Markets!.
DIVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
rlase by United States Divorce Korean; leea
everywhere. Address P. O. box 2432. S. F., Cal.
lj*A PANTS TO ORDER; SAMPLE BY MAIL,
C^ AVERTH3IAN Pants Co . 22yfe Geary street.
Rs! THOMPSON, CHIROPODIST. 101 V 2
Grant aye. . room 10. «
THE FINEST LINE OF REMNANTS-
X suit to order. $10; pants, $3. Cut Rate Tailor-
ing Company, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Mh.
\\ ORRIS BERRY. FORMER F O R X M A .V
■i' I Albert Minor's cloak store, has gone into busi-
ness wlih H. RIFLSIND, and Opened an establish-
ment at 14 McAllister, Rnis. 45-46; ladles', misses',
children's cloaks to order guaranteed ;low prices
BUNKS DELIVER KD 25C. BAY CITY
J- Transfer Company, 244 Batter; tel. Grant 87.
PARTINQTON "S" SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
Classes: Instructors. J. H. K. Partlngton, Gertrude
P»rtlngton. R. L. i'artington. Particulars 424 Pine.
AT THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all rases treated and medicines fur-
nished for SI; call or write. 1029^ Market st.
bet. Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco. CaL •
LL FACIAL BLEM ISH SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles, seers, etc., removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
KAZOK-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY; FINK
edge put on razor.2sc. Razor Kxrhge,63oMarket
"VELVET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
V manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome st., upstairs.
L>iU OUTDOOR sTi-.KJiUPTICON SHOW KVi5-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth st«. ; artistic »!•
Tertleements In living light ; promoters of bast-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market
LECIRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
XLi Winchester House. 44 Third st., near Market;
V.CO rooms, 25c to «1 &0 per night: «l 50 to $8 pee
weeic; free bus and baggage 10 and from tne terry
"I IBKUAL AUVANCKa ON DIAMOND^, j_vV-
XJ *>lry. etc.: lowest rate*. 848 Market st.
L,D GOLD. SILVER. OBNTS' AND LADIK-J
clothing honglit. COLMAN'. 41 S<l. cor. J^^i<■
DRKSS3IAKERS.
RES^Ks~lfi ITP; WRAPPERS 860 UP;
lawn tl up. BOSS/i Natoma st., above Sixth.
TYLISH SUITS. *3 UP: SKIRTS, 76c UP;
i^ tit guaranteed. 559 1-9 Stevenson, nr. Seventh.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
"iTANATTHK' GYPSY QUEEN, H TURK ST.;
Vjr truthful In her predictions; reliable In her ad-
vice: no matter whht troubles you may have, come
and she will culde you right; no fake; satisfaction
guaranteed: office hours from 9 to 9. ■■■
MMX. PORTER. WOMiERFUL CLAIRVoY-
ant, card-reader, born v.-lth a douole veil a:i l
second sight; ladies 50c, gents fl; palmistry aal
clairvoyant Bimn»s $1 50. 126 'lurk gt.. ?ir. Jong*.
VI ME. SCHMIDT. CLAIRVOYANT, TELLS
I'J pas', present and future: success to all; for-
tnnes by mail: low prices. 856 Mission su
RS. ADA LX *'iS, CLAIRVOYANT AND
writing medium, room 2, 1007 Market at.,
hours 12 to 5. '
I ADIES ARK INVITED TO CONSULT MRS.
Si I) it. WALKER, clairvoyant and palmist, 629
Post st- ,
YPSY LIFE-READER, RKMOVKD FROM 5
seventh to 11 Stockton; ladles 25c: gents 50c.
MmeThansen. palmist, ca hd-rka DER;
past, present and future: 25c 148 St., r. 5.
ISSMKLVINA, CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
of future husband or wife. 766 Vi Howard sL
DKSOWXEU GYPSY CARD-READER AND
XX palmUt arrived; gents $1. Parlor 2, 122 Post.
"V I MX. MOI'.EAU, 81-.ST MEDiUM; REVKAI3
i* » past, present, future: 25c up. 764 Howard «.
A I ME. RAVK.NA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
l'J> business ad vice : names 2lven:-.l6cup. 5 Fourth.
MX. LCGETTE-P RESENT, PAST AND
future: 25c. 31 1 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ME. DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT: 25
yrs_Kearny, now 929 Post : fee $1 letter $2.
MMX. svr.ii.iK SHOWS picture futurp:
husband, wife; ladles 25c, 50c. 914 O'Farrell.
LAIRVOYANT: LADIES ANDGENTS; FEE
Vj 2ftc 41 .Mm- a si.. b^»«»»ment.
SPIRITUALISM.
' V " V KKITAULr; UtiISKNA MONvTw O4IKN IS*
MRS. PR. A. D. HOWE. *'
FF.K 91 A UPWARD! FEE $1 A UPWARD'
HOPK, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK Foil ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcav.
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or ~down"T If so
read this and learn that life is yet worth living'
MRs. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so man/,
thousands on this roast in the ten years pa.it, ii
•gain at her old office*, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and Is now as ready as ever to assist
every Buffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole lire revealed; success
trought to the unlucky: love to the loveless: th*
separated are united; the (tick made strong : tha
pour come rich; If you think your husband, wirj
or lover Is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
•rendeut power is as far above those poor mortal*
who try 10 imitate ncr as the eternal heavens ar»
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Shedoei
rot know what failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cur»
every dlnva*e that human flesh is heir to. anj no
matter of how long standing. Writ* if you can-
not call, tor treatment oy mall Is always most sa>
cesstnl and satlsfac ory. All letters answered.
Diseases alagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE *1 & UPWARD! FEF. $1 A UPWARD'
— US. DR. A. D. HOWE,
la JO Market st., opp. Seventh.
Ban Francisco.
pALIFORNIA STATE SPIRITUALIST CON-
\_/vention. Golden Gate Hall, sutter st,. bet.
Mason aud Taylor— Monday eve, 7:30: address
by H. D. Barrett, president N. S. A.; tests by Mis
I). If. Piace, Mrs. Krsjert Alt ken, an 1 Mrs. H. A.
Griffin of San Jose: contralto solo, Mm. Emma
Sherwood of Chicago; violin solo by Prof. K. A.
Whitelaw of Boston. Admission 10 cents.
BS. DR. MIRANDAS, 1728 MA RKKT ST.,
diagnoses disease, with full life readinc.
from lock of hair; this week only for fl; her re-
vealed nudlcines work wonde;s with the sick and
afflicted. Write address plainly, Inclose lock of hair.
T/KIENDSHIP HALL— AND OI V X
T oping circle to-night. MRB. C. J. MEYER.
Sittings dally. . '
RET > RNKD— MRS. MAYO STEERS. TRANCE
XV medium; private readings dally. 1015 Market
St., room 19. -
T~997 MARKET TO-NIGHT— GRAND I.lT-
erary entertainment and dance: admission 10r.
PIRITUALISTIC CIRCLE to- night in-
Rev. Mr. Howland: 25c. 1 Fifth St., parlor 1.
J-ISHOP GARRISON, 1370 MARKET; SK.\N-
i) ces 7 uesday, Friday even's. 25c: 10 to 4 dally.
MRS. MYRTLE POTTER has REMOVED to
1»62a Market St.. parlor 8. second floor.
A~~ M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT .SLaTK-
• writer. 118 Haight St.; hours 9 until 6 P. it.
KS. KATK HOSKINB, TKANCE MEDIUM;
sittings .ill : circle Tuesday eve. 13tf Oak.
UYPNOTIS3I.
Yi?Nims>T^ANt) mXgnetism
practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
sons, aso how to hypno iz» instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
is here offered to physicians and students of
science Interested in its therapeutic effects; high,
est credential*: correspondence sol cited. Call or
address the Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute,
6 O'Farrell st.
~~ ~~ HORSES.
fTVHR^KTfcrOob HOKBES FOR SALE; CHKAP.
1 564 Howard St. ■■.. •.■;■:
HK EMPORIUM SALES YARDS, 220 VA-
X lencia st., Is the place to go If you want to buy.
sell or exchange horses, bug«les, wagons or har-
neas: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock
,1% VALENCIA ST., 20 GOOD \VORK~AND
"■l—') driving horses. JAMES FORR ESTER,
salesman. .
CA HEAD DRIVING A-NDWOK'C H')KS_B;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
T EiBOLD HARNE&S COMPANY; 800 SETS
XJ of Rood harness, our »< n.RKe, of ever.- de-
■•-rlption. for 1> ss money than you can buy Eastern
trash ; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st». S. K.
1 '\t\ fcKi'WNKW AND bKCONOUANDHAR-
XO\J ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, eurr*y%
rockaways, carts: must be »old. IIMB Mission"*;
I AIIOE YOUNG DRAFTHORSKS: HALTER
Jj broken:- cheap; Hyde ranch. 630 Commercial.
C/Wi bi-.T NEW AMI i-1-.CU.Vb-HASu UaU-
O\J\J ness; all kinds: bugsy.waeon, carts, surrey
A rock-iwav, 40 cheap horses. 15 in anil Valencia,
Al\ HOUBKS 1-Ult SAL£; ALSO WAUUNS,
1" baggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Hart*
Market, 327 Six.h »v ; auction sales every Wedue*
€i»r. SULI.IV 'N .ft fIoYLK. M:f-10-ie
Waoons and carriages.
oob cutdown PLATFORM
furniture wagon; cheap. HcNKY SHIND-
LER, 130 Spear st. :
OOD DELIVERY HOUSE AND WAGON
tor sale. Apply 1619 Powell st.
LOR SALE. AT EASTERN PRICK**, FINE
1 . carriages of every disc Iptlon ; cash, notes or
Installments ( i-rv.l' Mfg Co. 46-48 Bih at.. S. K.
■•••--■ STORAGE. •■• .- "~
rO^GuTK^HEA^PEST IN Tli7c7-ITY^*FIR_I
proot building: advances made. 211 I. ark in.
L'L'liNl i11'.... i i ANOS~ 1 TRUNK-: Al>
X 1 vances. shipping, c HAS L. TAYLOK.2O4 Pose
B. SMITH FURNITi "I'.K CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rules fin'-;, roof b iiiin.- 1 a-tlcrii plar..
~ TO LE A SE. — — —
lfoir~R X NtTok~L_V A VA 'RA~L(JT~i*v'
r cor... Polk and Jackson sts.:, rent $50 per
month." Address J. t>., 4-7 6ansomt> «l, S. i>\ .■■
■\i CITY REAL ESTATE.
READ THIS! BEST BUSINESS CORNER ON
Xii the San Leandro road and main street to
Fitchburg station; size 100x100: cheap at, $20
per front loot.
■J3 EVIDENCE CORNER, IOOrIOO, 2 BLOCKS
XV from the San Leandro ruad; streets gradea
and graveled; price $50U.
BUSINE-S CORNER AT FITCHBURG STA-
Uon; frontage to suit at 915 per tront foot.
ONE ENTIRE BLOCK, 200x600: WILL SUB-
divide into 48 building lots; a good buy to hold
or retail at once 10 home-seekers.
BKST GARDEN LAND IN ALAMEDA
County, for sale and to rent: will grow flowers,
fruits and vegetables to perfection; ■ splendid
chance to start a nursery aad jroiv cat flowers lor
the market.
rjTHER B ARG A INS ON" THE BEST STREETS
\J In the best situated locality for a growing town
outside the city limits of Oakland; low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc.
THaD. S. FITCH. Fitchburg.
W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery St., 8. F.
QjQXrWi FLATS; BUILT TWO YEARS;
«ir«WUU. £919 Pine st.; great bargain; lot 25
x 137:6; choice locality. Submit offer GOLD-
.MhU.Ii. 1105 Mission. .
yOR SALE— BARGAIN: MODERN lIOUSE
X 1 and lot: 1320 Leavenworth St., near Washing-
ton; 9 rooms and bath; reduced to $6500; bank
mortgage of $5000 may remain. MADISON _
BURKK
EAR, 308 FOLSOM ST.-8 LARGE ROOMS
XV divided in fiats for 4 families; yards, closets
and shales separate, rent $6 60 per flat. Apply
BURNHAM <fc MARSH, 6'JB Market st.
Q^nO CASH, BALANCE SAME AS RKNT,
<tTpo\J\J for a new bouse on ea-t fide of Cole st.,
near Wa'ler: 8 rooms and bath; larze lot 25x125;
all modern Improvements. Apply on premises.
WILL BUILD COTTAGES, HOUSES OR
'» flats at lowest prices for cash or Installments
on your own lot or will furnish lot; call and ex-
amine plans. DAN EINSTEIN, Builder, 630
Market st.
TNGLESIDK— MAGNIFICENT RESIDENCE,
X near racetrack, on Flaxton.and GrafUM sts.; 11
rooms and bath, wooden mantels: all modern im-
provements: lot 62:3x125; sold at a great sacrifice.
O. W. H. PATTERSON A CO., 2 Valencia st.
ON'T MISS THIS: *200 CASH; BUSINESS
location: lot 40x117:6 to alley: Valencia st.,
near Twenty-flfth-st. railroad depot; must be sold;
$3000 can b. and at 6 per cent Interest. J. ±\
PLUM BE, 1402 Valencia st.
SUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT;
$150 to $-.275 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THlf
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
pHICKEN RANCH FOR SALK; 14 ACKEs;
\J low rent; 1000 laying hens. C. KNUDsEN,
Petatuma
*♦ ACRES IN FRUIT, HOUSE, BARN, AT HAY-
U wards: cheap. 872 Washington 5... Oakland.
HE FINEST HOG RANCH IN THE STATE
Will be leased for a term of yearn, or the rieht
party can serure a half interest in a good paying
ranch property, as tne present owner Is not able to
give It the auention it requires; this property is
well improved and well located and capable of car-
rying several thousand head 01 boss the year round.
ForpHrticniars address X. V.. box UJ. Call office.
NY UN*. WAN ilNlt A RANCH FOX
ermine purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required,
balance in 6 or 7 rears, apply 326 Montgomery st.
A LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND: CHOIC-
XV est in the State; selling in tracts, 5 acres ur>-
ward, *35 per acre adjoining lanas held at $100
per acre: owner forced to sell: ly 2 hours from S.F.;
easy terms; title perfect. 67 Chionlcle building.
f ITTLK HOMES, CLOSK TO TOW.N. IM-
JJ proved: easy terms; also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City: every Monday at 632 Market st.. S. F.
TJ ALFSKCTION OF GOOD LAND IN TULA RE
X-L County, for Improved or unimproved property
in Berkeley or San Francisco. Address A, box 87
Call 01 lire.
l'KlU'KiilV TO EXCHANGE.
CfJCftfl TWO COTTAGES; T~AND 5
«IP*IC.'VU. rooms, lot 62x125, on avenue In
Alameda, street work done, mortgage $1800, will
exchange equity for small improved ranch in Ala-
meda County. K. A., box 7, Call Office.
\\TE HAVE REAL ESTATE TO KXCHANGE
? » in any part of the Union and personal prop-
erty for clear Oakland property: from own«-rs
only. OHABEAHcJPH_RBUrT a 628 Market, .-. 1-.
rpo EXCHANGE —80 ACRES UNCULTI-
X. valed land, vaiue $600, 30 miles south of Port-
land . Or., for res'aurant or lodging-house in the
city. Address or call 17 Third st . room 2*2.
XCHANGE— LAIU4K LIST OF CITY AND
country property. UNDKK\VOOI>,763 Market.
rpO EXCHANGE, FOR COUNTRY PROPK.'.-
X iy— l2-room modern bouse: lot 64x235. E. D.
JCDD. 1424 Pane st., Alameda.
p ROCK ItV AN D BAB TO TRADE FOR
VJ small improved ranch. P., box 6, Call Office.
SEN Dion OUR J.l^i- \it' uhCiiAKU uu .- a
lor sale. Woos'l'Kß A WHITTON. Saa Jo*?.
1 *><() ACRKS 11-. M'-K LAND. KERN CD..
'— \' Mrn»fnrc»r.-!f-rM'i'ng.N..bx.l6.Cail
PROPERTY WANTED.
"PROPERTY WANTE^T^oo~ACRES OR
X more of good agricultural land in vicinity of
San Francisco at bedrock irlce: state full partic-
nlnr«. T. C.box 97. Call Office.
3IONEY TO LOAN.
ANY am NT "on DIAMONDi
-TV watches, Jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and instruments; interest low: private entrance:
private rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
CrIAA nnn AT LOWEST RATES; CITY
vPX \J\J.\I\J\J and Oakland: life insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates; any sum.
BHAINWALD, BUCKBKK&CO.. 218-220 Montgy
A DVANCES ON DIAMOND:*, WATCHES!.
./*- Jewelry, also 00 furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWKLUr
STORE. 048 Market St.: open evenings.
ONKY LYING IDLE: TAKK AT $5 INTKK-
est per month for each f 1000; name rate sec-
ond mortgage or Ufa Insurance. Coin, box '2. Call.
ONKY LOANED uA JKWJiLKY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Of&cs,
IJlitiMarket st..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Tur<.
1 \IRECT ON YOUR 'wK.NI I URK OR PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: 10*
interest. Km. 68, Donohue bide. 1170 Market *;.
%in ('inn Oil LEs * T ° loan ON city
«iT A yu\.i\J\r improved real estate at 7 percent
per annum. M. B. LEVY, 30 Montgomery at.
~\ NY AMOUNT: IST, 21» or 3i> AluitlitAUnj
XV estates, undivided interests, real estate la uf>
bate. McCOLGAN. M Horn com prr. room 3.
QtX.(\ UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 2D MORT-
<lDO\Jgagea; Int. In estates. MURPHY, ..irkt
V DVANCESONDIAMONDSJKWELKV, i-.ij
S\ Columbia Loan A Collateral Ortic<». »( r:\:: .-.v
ONEY TO LOAN ON riTY REALESTATK
Me K WEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
MONEY LOANKDON PIANOS: LOW RAIES,
11 Stockton St. I<-1. No IIIBCK 1201.
~
i'AHMiIKIKKIIV
BWISF. ANl> SAVI. INTKBEST: _ON— T
loaufd on everything. Cut Rate Loan and fee-
carity 1 Hice, r. 7, 1 lood blrlg : entrance 80J* Mkt.
T 126 Kr.AK.N 1 &T.. KOOM O— MONK V
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc. : low rates;
private rooms: elevator: ■ I'-ft .•>••* for waif "heap.
_^^ FINANCIAL. _ _ _"~~
ffiji A A AAA To L^ <; AS LOW A S BAN Ks!
f l.l »UU Apply rm 214, Cat.safe Dcp.B'.dg.
EDUCATIONAL.
E~~NGLI a!<cTTk^T^"u G mTXN7rLI?H
literature. MISSFAGKN. 427 Sutler st.
\flS-* K. L. BRKEN, MANDOLIN TEACHER:
I'l Italian method; terms low. 131 Post St.,
room 24: elevator.
SPANISH taught BY SPANISH lady
terms very reasonuble, 230 Pa^e su
\JR». MELVILLE SNYUE , 715 POST ST.;
I*l vocal music, piano, elocution, practical Shake-
spearean and general dramatic acting a specialty;
vocal classes Monday, BP. M.; I.
CPAN"I"H,F7{~KN ■ i-,KTC.:Piof.I>K FILIPPK'S
Academy of Lauguftces.32o Post st :estab'd 1871
YKKs', THE LEADING COLLKGE, 325
Montgomery st.: individual Instruction in |
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telesrapnv, etc.;
life scholarship $50; low rates per week and mo.
TIKHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINKS.-i
College. 723 Market st : ■ expenses leas and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night.
A L.\iA 1-. HYKR, PIANO, MANDOLIN BA.V-
•.Ajo. 405 Geary, Km. 17: thorough instruction
IJOOKKI'N'., Will ING. ABll'HAl'iC. 'in.i 1
JJ day it ni lit: nnclatses : ss month. US MUllon
PROF. LOUIS MEKKI; VIOUN, MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornel, reasonable. 225 Geary ,nr. Powii.
/GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANII AND VOCA L
VJ ipsson-i: $3 mo. Mary west si a us. S9 Fifth.
T Am FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
XJes piano,siu«[ing,French:s3mo. R. 14. 1002 Polk
R. _ M UK KutiV.N IKK, TEACHERS MAN
doltn, guitar, banjo. 93.) Market si., opp. Mason
■ ELAe*X>'.-> LYCI UM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
I ■ Private then rivals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, I. O. <>. F. block, 7th and Mkt
UHOUu ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
O ihanical engineering, surveying, an-hltPCtnre-
nssay:estab. '64. VAN DERNAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
V)ROFESSOR li. MANSFXJ£i.D. TEACHER OF
-1 violin tar, niwrniolin. -in 1707 Mar -..
1...... PKOFKSSIO i SA^ L mr n CAIIDS.
T? R AN kVh A Y, ATTORN E VaT-LA W. ROOM
J 421. four.h floor. Parrott building (Emporium).
OHN K. ..ICHAKUS LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
H and 27, Crocker building; iclephone Main
75, Ban Francisco. Cal. ..
OHN K. AiTKKN ANDMAURICKL. ASHER.
atlyaa: law. mis 51&.516. .i h tioor. Parrott nidi.
TYPEWRITERS.
A 1-IGRAPH,'«I6: REMINGTON. $35. SCOTT
& BAN NAN, iii Montgomery M. . •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— ROADWAY.
OAKLAND RJEAX ESTATE.
V|Y SI'EciALTY 1£ "". '
■" A HOUSE-RENTING IN
„ .„ . OAKLAND.
J story modern 9-room house »25
1-story modern 6-roomcottngp .. " 16
L pt»er sunny modern 7-room flat .. .... 16
• AND 300 MOKJB.
M. M. DeW'olf. Hcuse-broker and Rent Col-
lector, 1050 Broadway. Oakland.
\\ ILL IT PAW YKSM MI ALLEMDALE
11 Tract at once. Buy a *75 lot or upward for a
home or pay Ing in vestment: 1-niltvae. adjoining
East Oakland, the garden spot of Oakland ; level
and choice site; streets graded; some macadam-
ized; only a few left: fine school; 2 electric road]
near ■y : conveyance tree; $:> cash and $5 monthly.
468 Ninth St., Oakland, and 630 Market 3  S F.
H. Z JONES, owner.* '
OAKLAND rooms TO let. ~
rpiiE ARLINGTON, NX. COR. NINTH AND
X Washington sts., Oakland: a few choice suite
can now be obtained; table unexcelled; reasonable
rates; unquestioned respectability.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
KEAL ESTATE.
FOR RENT— LARGE, NICELY FURNISHED
6-room cottage, 30: large 9-room bouse, finely
furnished, Central aye., $55; large line unfurn-
jslied dwellings. K. P. JUDD. 1424 Park st.
HOUSES TO LET.
I^OR KKNT IN ALAMEDA— A:7-ROOM COT-
i nice; large yard, shed and chicken-yard; in
perfect repair and handy to a stations: 3 minutes
either way. Inquire HOMER P. SAX::, Lick
House iaiiiiclrv. s*. F.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
Ql 1 AS HBY AYE,, BERK VTIOT
tip J IiJU. 50x135; choice location: part cash.
J. SHIELDS, owner, 119 Cumberland St., or
O'Nh.IL <fc CO.. Ashby station, Berkeley.
n ILT-hDUE BERKELEY CORNER CHEAP;
VJ College way and Durant aye.; 50x183: aristo-
crat c surroundings: street work done. J. P. ROSS,
1605 Turk.
GUUO llUMfc.s FOR Kh.N 1' ult IOK SALS
on easy terms. O. O. MAY <fc CO.. re_ tacat»,
building and loans. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
TOSEPn J. MASON. k&.\l ksta'l'h AND
O insurant i-:->-it. 1 erkel-v yint;i. adjoining 'iank.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
/COTTAGES OF THREE TO~EIGHT~ROOMs7
\J bath: all latest Improvements; 10 minutes'
walk to Berryman station. B. a , box 20, Call.
I'OR RENT — $30, INCLUDING WATER;
I house of 10 rooms and bath, with garden and
lawn in front; large orchard, also some pasture
land; entire place comprises about 10 acres; street
macadamized; rive minutes' walk to train making
ha f-hourly trips to city. For farther information
call or address A. J. SNYDER _ Co., 467 Moth
si., real estate brokers, Oakland;
T?oTt KENT, NEWLY FURNISHKD COT^
£ tage 5 rooms, bath and garden, $20. 1932
Berkeley way. East Berkeley.
ATTORNEYS-
KINOORE _ MALCOLmT^A^TTC^N^yITaT
law. room 431 Parrott building (Emporium).
A DVICK FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECt-
■tx. aJty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., a;-
tended to. U. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. »50 Market
V-OAH F. FLOOD. LAWYER, 586 PARROTT
Xi bulldine: consultations free; moderate fees.
EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
out publicity; advice free and confidential. J.
O. JEFFRESS, 402 MontKomery St., room 18.
DVICKFREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cessfuL W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st
W" *". ARAM. ATT'Y-AT-LAW,SBI PARROTT
« t • bids. Practices in all courts ;churges moderate
W. KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW. CHRON-
. It-li- t>:az: advice tree: moderate: open evngs.
PHYSICIANS. "
R. c! C. 6'DON N EL L, 1 206 MA RKET, CO rT
Golden Gate aye. : diseases of women a specialty.
I ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum. 1051 Market st. : his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
— worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
LEGAL NOTICES.
'!^jTlc : E^F r SALE JFr^E ~KITILSY'ATGr~
i-> In the Superior Court, in and for the City and
County of t*un Francisco, Slate of California,
Dept. 9. Probate. In the matter Of the estate of
Lh\V is >OHEH, deceased.
Notice Is he.eby given, that in pursuance of an
onl-r of the Superior Court of the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
ma.-c on the Bth day of April, 1892. in the matter
of the estate of LEWIS soil Kit, deceased, the
undersigned administrator with the will annexed
of tbe estate of LEWIS SOU ER, deceased, will
sell at pub.ic auction to the highest bidder for
rash and subject to confirmation by said superior
Court, on THURSDAY, the 10th day of Septem-
ber, 1896, at 12 o'clock m., at auction salesrooms
of G. H. Umbsen A Co., No. 14 Montgomery
street. in the city and County of ban Francisco,
all the right, title, interest and estate of tne
gala LEWIS SOHER, at the time of bis death,
and all the right, title and interest that the
said estate hits, by operation of law or other-
wise, acquired other than or in addition to that
of the said LEWIS SOHER, at the time of his
death, in and' to nil those certain lots, pieces or
parcels of land situate and beine In th- City and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
bounded and described as follows:
Commencing at a point on the southerly
line of Bush street distant thereon one hundred
and thirty-seven feet and six inches easterly from
the easterly line of Larkin street, running thence
easterly along said southerly line of Bush street
thirty feet, thence at rlcht angles eoutberly one
hundred and thirty-seven feet and six Inches,
thence at right angles westerly thirty feet, and
thence at right angles northerly one hundred and
thirty-seven feet and six inches to said southerly
line of Bush street mid to the point of commence-
ment. Being part of 50-vara lot No. 1367 a* laid
down on the otii ial Map of the City of San Fren-
Cisco
Second— Commencing at a point in the southerly
line of > ''Farrell street distant thereon one hun-
dred and thirty-seven feet and six Inches easterly
from the easterly line of Mason street, running
thence easterly along said southerly line of O'Far-
rell street fifty-eight feet to the westerly line of
Carlos place, thence at right ancles southerly
along said westerly line of Curios place ninety-
•seven feet and six inches, thence at rlKbt angles
westerly flfiy-eiaht feet, and .hence at right
angles northerly ninety-teven feet ana six inches
to said southerly line of O'Farrell street and to the
point of commencement, b-inir part ot 50-vara lot
No. 954 on the official map of the City of San
Francisco.
Terms and conditions of sale: Cash, lawful
money of the United States, ten per cent of the
purchase money to be paid to the undersigned on
the day of sale, balauce on confirmation of sale by
said court.. Deed at the expense of purchaser.
E.MILE SOHKR, Administrator with the will
annexed of the estate of lkwis Sohjcx, de-
ceased.
Dated A ucust 18, 1596.
W. a. PLUNKETT, Attorney for Administrator,
-Mills building.
TRUSTEES' SALES.
TRUiSTEI.S' SALE-^IN^A^OO^D^rNC^wTTH
X the terms and under the authority of a cer-
tain d»ed of trust, duly executed by MUEL
HAIGH, party of the first part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBKLIi and THADDEUS B. KENT. Trus-
tees, parties of tbe second part, and the San Fran-
cisco Savings Union, party of the third part, dated
Jauuary 26th, 1893, and recorded In the office of the
County Recorder or the County of Merced, state of
California, In Liber & of Trust Deeds, at page 186,
and following: and in pursuance of a resolution
passed on the 27th day of August. 1896, by the
Board of Directors of said SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the holder
of the note (No. 12,223), to secure payment of
which the aforesaid deed of trust was executed,
declaring that default had been made in the pay-
ment of the ■ principal sum and other sums, due
under said note ana deed of trust, and requesting
and directing said lIhSBY C. CAMEBELL and
THADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, to sell the real
estate described therein to satisfy said indebted-
ness:
We. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby Rive notice that on
TUESDAY, the a&th day of September, A. D.
1896, at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the
auction salesroom of Kaston, Eldridge A Col. No.
688 Market street, In the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, we will sell at public
auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in gold
coin of the United States, the piece or parcel of
land situate in the County of Merced, State of Cali-
fornia, described as follows, to wit:
Commencing at the bou.neas corner of section
thirty-six (.-6), in township nine (9) south, range
nine (b) east. Mount Diablo base nnd meridian,
and running thence west alon* the south line of
■aid section thirty (80) feet to the Badger Flat
county road; thence north along said road four
hundred and Hity-four one-thousandths 'of a chain
(.464 eh.) to the north line of said read: thence
west along said north line nineteen chains fifty
links (19 50 cb.) to the easterly line of the and of
Hooper: thence north along said Hooper's east
line eigh:een chains twenty links (18.20 oh)-
-thence west along said Hooper's north line ten
(iO) chains: the cc south along Hooper's west
line two chains sixty-six links (2.6tt eh.) to the
north line of the land of Manuel More thence
west along said Moreno's north line fifteen (15)
chains to the northeasterly line of the Pfister
conntyroad: thence northwesterly along said Una
of said r>ad to the midsectlon line running north
and south through said section thirty-six (.;«>;
thence north along said midsectlon fine to the
north line of said section; thence east along said
north line to the northeast corner of said sec. ion:
and thence south along the easi line thereof to the
point of commencement : a «j«t9S«»*»£siq
1 e.n-i a portion of me east half (E. y») of said
section thirty-six (36), in township nine (») south,
range nine (9) east, Mi.-unt Diablo base and me-
ridlau, and containing two hundred und seventy-
two 0-7 ) acres of land more or less.
Together with tne appurtenances.
Terms Of gale— Cash in gold coin of the United
States; ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer; balance on delivery of
deed: and if not so paid, unless lor want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be void.
Acts of saie at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMi'BKLL, >,_.,_.
THADDEUS B. KifiMX. ' jT I™l1 ™ 1 " 3 - ,
DENTISTS.
"pBOOME DENIAL AbSOCiA^Tlo7rp7d9TtfAl?
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th: gas specialists: painless
extracting, with gas, »1; plates. 95 up; fill, $1 up.
1 \H. LUDLUJI HILL, 1443 MARKET ST..
XJ near Eleventh: no charge lor extracting whei
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $3 per »et: extracting 50c; gas given.
R. C.lvOTtvii-; W. LEEK, IjIK GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extractioa
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell
T/ULL s>."T OF 1-Eh.TH. $7: WARRANTED
JC rive years; extraction, 50c; filllnes, 50&;
crowns, $3 &U. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
"L^IRST-OLAS.s DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
J pries: first-class results: painless. extraction;
Tel. Main 5375. W.C HARDING, M.D., 500 Sutter
"1 -)K. L. i. i HAN C— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
XJ "crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ava.
(2*7 A El' i-OR TiiKTH: WARRANTED aT
<T % good as can be mad»: filling 91. Dr. SliiilS,
Cfiitlii. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
pAINLKSS tXTItACI'ION. 60cl CROWN
X. bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 year*"
experience. R. L. WaLsH. D.D.S.. 81534 Geary.
LL WOKK TO SUIT TIMES;WARRANTED.
DR. KEa, 1370 Market st., iroLt City Hall.
DR. L'UCKETT, 1703 POsT ST., NEAR BO-
cbdnan: cas (riven: crown and bridce work.
LL WOBK REASON ABLK AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
EIOnKKTH WITHOUT A l-_4.T_ Uti. H.
U. YOUNG. 1841 Polk St. .
lltlJ.J. LU.KK, li:ott MARKET, COR. UOLDKX
XJ Gate aye.— evening^: Sundays till noon.
BißTilS—JAßttlA«fiS-r JIMimT
DIED.
Allen, Frances McGlnnis, Mary
Arenz, Charley McGrane, Ella A. 5 - ': '■
Bean. Martin McSheean. Timothy
Bernstein, OUa Moody, Captain Edwin
Bowdlch, Ellen T. Row en. Mary
Brandon, Dr. Edmund Schnlte, Theodore
Brandt, Ernest Scott, John B.
Donohue, John W. Shields, Miss Elizabeth
Harper. Lavlnia Stedman, Charles
Howard, John Thompson, Jane
Joniisou. Hope Towle, Frank L. '. ." '
Juhler, Alfred L. W.'vburn, Arabine E.
Kalb, Florence A. Williams, Lillie
ABENZ— In this city, September 6, 1896. Charley,
only nnd beloved son of John and Frederika
Arenz, a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years 1
month and IB days.
ALLKN-In this city. September 4, 1898. Frances
Allen, a native of san Francisco, aged 30 years.
BEAN— In this city, September 6, 1898, Martin,
dearly beloved husband of Bridget Bean, a na-
tive of the parish of Moycullen, County Gal way,
Ireland, aged 48 years.
BERNSTEIN— In this city, September 4. 1898,
Olga Bernstein, a native of Prussia, aged 30
years.
BOWDICH (nee McCarthy)— Id this city, Septem-
ber 6, 1896. Ellen T. Bowdich, beloved wife of
It W. Bowdich. mother of Grace and Ethel Me-
Carth y, daughter of the late John and Margaret
Barry, and sister of M. H., J. J., W. B. and G.
F. Barry and Mrs. 8. F. Hodekms, a native of
West Maltland, Australia. [Australian papers
please copy.J
JSarFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 26 Glover street, thence to st. Bridget's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. •.:.;:
BRAGDON— In Martinez. Cal., September 3, 1898.
Dr. Edmund Bragdon, a native of Maine, aged
53 years.
BRANDT— In this city. September 6, 1896, Ernest
Brandt, beloved husband of the late Theresa
Bran It. and father of Dora, Harry and Julius
Bran It, a native of Germany, aged 42 years.
49"Frlends aud acquaintances are respect-
fnllv Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at '2 o'clock p. M., from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter A Co.. 122 Eddy street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DONOHUE— In this city. September 6. 1896, John
W., beloved son of Mary and the late Patrick:
Donohue, and brother of Allieand Eugene Dono-
hue, Mrs. Nell Henry and Mrs. James McVan-
ner, a native of San Francisco, age ; 38 years 9
months and 11 days.
£s~Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 120 West Mission street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem maw
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock _a. interment Holy
. cross Cemetery. . •
HARPER— In this city. September 5, 1896. La-
vinia, beloved wife of Hora lo H. Harper, and
daughter of Mrs. Mary Cast ell. a native of New
York City, aged 38 years and 9 months.
HOWARD— In this city. September 6, 1896, John ,
beloved husband of Mary Howard, and father of
John, Michael. Julia and Mary Howard and Mrs.
M. Connell. a native of County Gal way, Ireland,
■ aged 74 years. Veteran of G. A. B.
jOTThe tunerai will take place TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m. , irom his late
residence. 81 Converse street, off Bryant, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth.
JOHNSON— Oakland. September 6, 1896, Hope,
youngest daughter of Wiitlarn Pierce and Flor-
ence Lindsey Johnson, a native of Oakland, aged
2 years 3 months and 18 days. [Lynn (Mass.)
papers please copy.j
JUHLER— In this city, September 5, 1896, Al-
fred L.. beloved son of Jes _. and Anna juhler,
and brother of Jessie, Etta, El wood aud Alma
Juhler, it native of San Francisco, aged 2 years
and 16 days.
AST Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully In vr.ed to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock P. m.. from the resi-
dence of his parents. 13b Henry street, between
Fourteenth and Fifteenth, near Sanchez, Inter-
ment L O. O. F. Cemetery.
KALB— In East Oakland, September 5, 1896.
Florence A., wife of captain Richard Kalb, and
11101 11 of Alexis, Irma and Etelka Knstel, a na-
tive of Wisconsin, aged 40 years 6 months and
15 days. Sacramento Bee p ease copy.j
iK9~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., at
her late residence, 1 666 Twenty-third avenue
East Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
McGINNIS— In this city, September 6. 1896,
Mary, beloved wife of Edward McGlnnis, and
sister of Mrs. D. J. Harrington, a native or
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 54 years.
*#"I"rini(is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m, from her late
residence. Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets,
thence to St. Peter's Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. ml
interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGKANK— this city, Septembers, 1896. Ella
A., beloved wire of John McGrane, and mother
of Anita and Kucene McGrane, a native of Cali-
fornia, a?ed 31 years 4 months and 1 1 days.
Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from his late
residence, 789 Stevenson street, near Ninth.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
McSHKEAN— In this city, September 4, 1896.
Timothy McSheean, a native of Ireland, aged 81
years.
MOODY— In this city, September 6, 1896, Captain
Kd-.vin Moody, a native of Massachusetts, aged
80 years.
BOWEN— In this city, September 6. 1896, Mary
Row en. beloved mother of Mrs. Ellen Ale An-
drews, aged 82 years.
BCHULTE— In this city, September 6, 1896, The-
odore e-chulte. beloved husband of Mary A.
Kchnlte, a native of Germany, aged 74 years. I
£3" Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of St. Peter's Vetein are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS t>AV
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the Coo.
vent of the Immaculate Conception, Twenty-
fourth and Guerrero streets, thence to St. An-
thony's Church. Army and Folsom streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. _ Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SCOTT— In this city, September 6, 1896. John
Benson scott, a native of Tennessee, , aged 68
years.
Si-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
hilly invited to attend the funeral THIS u.iV
(Monday), at 2 o'clock P. m.. from the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company, 123
Stockton street, corner of Geary. Interment
Laurel Hill Ceme:ery.
SHIKLDS— this city, September 6, 1896, Miss
Elizabeth Shields, a native of Ireland, aged 76
year*.
*»- Friends and acqnlantances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), from 2400 Mission street. Interment
private. Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STEDMAN— In this city, September 5, 1899.
Charles Stedman, a native oi New York, aged
63 rears.
' JKJ^Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to a ten 1 the funeral THIS >A,V
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from • the par-
lors of H. C Porter A Co.. 122 Eddy street.
THOMPSON— In Emeryville. Alameda County.
September •i, 1896, Jane, beloved wife of D. H.
Thompson, and mother of Samuel and Margaret
Thompson, a native of Ireland, aged 47 years.
Frit-mis and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
10-MOKR'>>V (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., at
her late residence. Park avenue, Emeryville.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
TOWLE— In this city. September -6, 1896, Frank
i*. beloved son of Mrs. M. E. Towle, stepson of
W. W. Towle, and brother of Samuel lowle,
a native of Gllroy, Cal., aired 23 years.
WEYBURN— In this city. September 6, 1896,
Arubine X.. beloved wife of J. K. Wevburn, and
mother of Florence and Charles Weyburn. a na-
tive oi Maine, aged 82 years 3 months and 24
days.
jJS" Friends and acquaintances are resDect-
fr' . invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 'i o'clock p. x., -from the par-
lors of Haisted A Co.. 946 Mission street. ■ : -
WILLIAMS— this city, September 3. 1896, Lil-
lie Williams, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
months and- 7 days.
MCAVOY _ CALLACHER, l'
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM KBS.
20 Fifth St.,' Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY; NEAREST CEM&
tery to the city non-sectarian ; in no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Otlice tW7 Mftfitgt
street, kouintast corner of Siitu.
1112
THE PICTURE
OF A THOUGHT
Think of a Cat and the
Modern Camera Does
the Rest.
DR. D. S. JORDAN'S VIEWS
Stanford's President Starts an
Intellectual Tem
blor.
TALES AS WEIRD AS ALADDIN.
He Tells of Strange Experiments, and
Local Thinkers Open Their Eyes
in Wonder.
President David Starr Jordan of Stan
ford University has set scientists and the
thinking men of San Francisco to wonder
ing what has befallen him — all on account
of a strange monograph which appears
under his name in the "Popular Science
Monthly" for September.
The article, which shook up the thinkers
i the Pacific Union and Bohemian Clubs
us some temblor might shake the earth,
uears the stranee title, "The Sympsycho
praph: A Stuiiy of Impressionist Physics, "
and before one reads to the end he finds
the cold man of science, "the professor
of classified knowledge" as be has been
called, deaiiner. witn great sang froid, with
stories as remarkable as the tales of Alad
din, apparently giving credence to facts as
weird as anything ever told of adepts in
the occult, stories that tax the beleiving
powers of the ordinary layman of the
nineteenth century as much as the fable
of Acteoii, the celebrated hunter, who,
havine seen Diana bathing, was forthwith
chanced into a stag and hunted to death
by his own hounds.
Some of the members of the Pacific
Union Club became so exercised over the
strange revelations that they have written
to Alcalde for further details 01 what was
done.
The learned doctor of physics, psychics
and other forms oi knowledge simple and
occult, tells of the wonderful doings of
"The Astral Camera Club of Alcalde, or
ganized in November, 1895, for the pur
poses of scientific research through the
medium of photography." By long de
grees the club, says the professor, went
far beyond the experiments of Professor
Roentgen and the achievements of the
famous X ray, and got to a point where its
experts could photograph a cat, or any
such physical organism, without the pres
ence of the animals, the photograph being
transferred to the sensitive plate in some
strange manner by the exposure of the
plate to the intense gaze of a man who
had in his mind a clear mental picture of
the cat. In other words, under the latest
demonstrated theory, so Dr. David Starr
Jordan narrates, it is not necessary to
have a cat before a camera to obtain a cat's
photograph. All that the expert pho
tographer needs is a thinker who concen
trates his mind on some given physical
object, and the operator says to the
thinker who sits for a cat's photograph,
"You think of a cat and the camera does
the rest."
The 3age of Stanford brings the reader to
the story in its fullness by easy stages,
beginning as follows:
Ab soon as the news of the marvelous experi
ments of Professor Roentgen bad reached Al
calde, the Camera Club began work on the X
rays and on the larger problem of the signifi
cance oi photography without visible light.
They had no difficulty in repeating tne usual
exi>er:ments. They got an outline of ihe
skeleton 01 a canary, the shadow of an empty
pock-tbook, the bones of a linger surrounded
by a gold ring and the location of an imbedded
shot. Thus those stranKe rays of ligh-, or odic
force, Invisible to our eyes, because none of
our ancestors ever hud a chance to gaze upon
them, disclosed the presence of objects which
had eKe lain forever in darkness. In addition
to this, the green light of the vacmim lubes
provoked that uncanny feeling which always
precedes and presages a great discovery iv
occult science. From this feeling the club
was safe in predicting that far greater dis
coveries were to follow, and that the X ray*
■would not end in mere repetitions of Koent
gen's triumphs in "skiography."
In this they were not disappointed. Pro
fessor Inglis Ropers of London found that not
only could pictures be produced in darkness
by means of invisible force, but that the In
visible waves sent out through the ether by
the mind could also affect a sensitive plate,
.lust as one sensitive mind at a distance re
ceives an image sent out from the psychic
retinn of another, so could the same image be
concentrated and fixed upon a photographic
plate. Professor Rogers in a matter-of-fact way
looked for a few minutes at a postage-stamp,
then retired to a dark room and gazed through
ihe lens of the camera at the sensitive plate.
T.:e figure of the postage-stamp was on his
mind, and from his mind it passed out through
ihe sensitive ether to the plate made ready to
receive it. The result was a photograph of "the
.-tamp— small and a little blurred, Dut showing
the undonbted features of the gracious Queen
and ihe words "one penny." Thus was the
bridge between psychic power and photo
graphic sensitlvenes-i made once for all. This
connection established, there is naturally no
limit to the application of the principle.
From the foregoing experiment Dr. Jor
dan is able to conclude, by logical pro
cesses, that the principle is really not new,
and that some such marvelous powers
have been known to exist through all the
ages. He says:
It thus bocomes plain that the invisible rays
of Roentgen are not light in the common sense
but akin rather to the brain emanations, or
odic forces, which pass from mind to mind
without the intervention of forms of gross
matter as a medium, and to which gross mat
it r in all its forms is subject.
Nor is this principle new in the philosophy
of man. The wise of all ages have held that
mind is sovereign over matter. Besides this
general law it has been known to our fathers
that in the eye of the dying man is lmpi
the last scene on which he looked in life
With instruments of precision we may examine
that scene, and by skillful photography we
should be able to secure and fix it for all time
The achievement of the delicate task of
photographing a cat from a mental image,
as Dr. Jordan relates, does not belong
wholly to the California Club of Alcaide,
part of the fame belonging to English inv
estigators. who went beyond the experi
ment of photographing a stamp from a
mental image. Dr. Jorlan says:
It is therefore not necessary for this experi
ment that one should gaze at »>n individual
stamp. To thine of a stamp will serve as well.
Recognizing th is fact Cameron Lee, another
English experimenter, attempted to secure the
MEW TO-DAT.
Change of Water
and climate can have no Berious
effect upon the system if the drink-
ing water is slightly charged with
Fred Brown's
JAHfllCft GiNGER,
Pleasant and effective for all stom-
ach disorders and for cold.
Sold everywhere.
FRED BROWX CO., Philadelphia.
imaee of a thought. Placing his own eye in
the focus of a lens in absolute darkness he
thoueht intensely of the face of a certain cat.
After a long exposure, necessary on account of
the comparative grossness of the photographic
materials, a picturo was formed. The negative
shows a rounded outline, evidently tnat of the
enlarged pupil of the jjye, and in its center
w:i< formed a faint imaffe, which could be mis
taken lor nothing other than a cw, An ac
count of this experiment was given in the
daily press, but Its true bearing was first seen
nt Alcalde.
After the foregoing experiments became
generally known through the daily press,
Dr. Jordan says, Asa Marvin read a paper
on ti.ese discoveries, calling the Camera
Club's attention to their astral si^nifi
j cance and showing that they demon
strated, in a unique manner, the triumph
!of mind over mutter. The president of
Stanford then tells of the experiment, the
following being his report:
Haviug thus shown the broad principles on
which studies in the new psycho-ph.ys.ics must
rest, Mr. Marvin described a special contri
vance or application of these principles to the
work of the Camera Club.
He had devised a camera with a lens having
curved facets arranged on tne plan of the eye
01 ihe fly. To each one of the seven facets led
an insulated tube provided within by an elec
tric connection, so that electric or odic im
pulses could be transferred from the brain or
retina through the eye of each different ob
server to the many-faced lens. From the lens
these impulses would bo converged on a sensi
tive plate, as the rays of light are gathered to
! gether in ordinary photography.
From the members of the Camera Club seven
1 oi those having greatest animal magnetism
and greatest power of mental concentration
werecnosen for the experiment. Connection
wm mode from the eye oi these observers to
the corresponding parts of the lens; then ail
were to remain in utter darkness and perfect
silence, each person fixing his mind on a cat.
They were not to think of any particular cat,
| but ot a cat as represented by the innate idea
j of the mind or egi> itself. This was highly Im
portant, tor the purpose of Mr. Marvin was not
simply to fix by photography an ephemeral
recollection, as Mr. Rogers and Mr. Lee had
done: it was to bring out the impression of
ultimate feline reality. Ihe innate imnge in
the mind was the object desired. One man's
thought of a cat would be individual, ephe
meral, a recollection of seme cut which he had
! some lime seen, and which by the mind's eye
would be seen again. From seven idea 1 .?, sym
pathetically combined, the true cat would be
developed. This combination is the essence of
sympsychography, a term suggested by Pro
fessor Amos Gridiey of Alcalde, as distinct
from the ordinary ideography ol Roeers and
Lee. The personal equation would be meas
urably eliminated in synipsychography,
while the cat of the human innate idea, t lie
astral cat, the cat which "never was on sea or
land.' 1 but in accordance with which all cats
have been brought into incarnation, would be
more or less perfectly disclosed.
j In accordance with this plau the experiment
was tried under the direction of Asa Martin.
By the courtesy of the secretary of the club,
Miss Corintha Jones ot Alcalde.we are enabled
to present a copy of the resultant sympsycho
graph in advance of the publication of the
regular bulletin of the society in which the
apparatus used is figured In detail.
It will be noticed that this picture is unmis
takably one of a cat. But it is a cat in its real
essence, the type cat as distinguished from
human impressions of individual cats. This
achievement, like the earlier ones oi Odin,
Roentgen. Rogers and Lee, opens great vistas
for nuure scientific research. The next ex
-1 periment will be by similar means to photo
graph the cat's Idea of man.
As might be expected in a first attempt there
is a lack of co-ordination of the part?. Mr.
(iridley, the schoolmaster, had planned his cat
on a large scale, a huge cat tiice with gray,
radiant whiskers looking directly at the be
holder. Most of the others thought of the cat
in lateral view or profile. Tnese variant and
vagrant individual impressions nmuraliy ap
peared on the camera belore the other waves
were co-ordinaied and the reflex influences
came back from all to one, regulating and co
ordinating the thought of the cat. Thus the^e
[preliminary impressions are recorded as ghost
pictures in various places about the j late be
fore the ultimate composite view was achieved.
The delay in this regard has darkened the cen
ter picture, interfering a little with its perfec
tion of definition.
This darkening would probably appear in
other experiments on account of the long ex
posure (sixteen minutes) thought necessary
ior a picture of this kind.
On the cat's cheek is a curious black spot
or stigma which has not been fully accounted
for. From it* sharpness.of definition it must
stand in some relation to each of the seven
persons whose thoughts were centered upon
it. One suggestion was that this was the
blind spot on the retina in each of the sym
psychogrfcphers. But the blind spot marks
the poiut of entrance of the nerve which soes
back to the brain. While it may not have
visual power it is not unlikely that it is a
point of special activity in ideography. This
suggests that the black stigma may be the
yeilow spot, or tne macule lutea, the point of
acute vision, a region on the retina where
odic forces would naturally be absent. Mr.
Marvin himself inclines to the opinion that a
microscopic examination oi the negative will
The Thought-Picture of a Cat, of Which Professor Jordan Wrote for
the " Popular Science Monthly."
show that this stigma has likewise the form of
a cat and that it will be found to be an ideo
morphic germ, or centrum, where the co-or
dinate thought of the cat has nrst impinged
on the plate, and from which the image of the
cat has concentrically arisen.
Meanwhile the cat of Mr. Thompson, the
janitor, who alone could answer the question,
lay in the darkness under the warm stove and
purred softly.
The composite photograph which Presi
dent Jordan furnished the Popular Sci
ence Monthly appears with this article in
The Call. The whole experiment has at
tracted considerable attention in local
circles. Whether materialist, spiritualist
or theosophist, tne average thinker mar
vels, as well he may, at the strange reve
lations thus gravely announced by the
sage of Stanford.
The article of Dr. Jordon has been
widely read and commented on by men of
scientific attainments. The following in
terviews show their opinions.
Dr. Jerome Anderson, who is widely
known through his prominent position in
the Theosot)hical Society, regards the dis
covery as a clear advance in science and
also a corroboration ol the theosophical
theory. He said :
The experiments conducted by the Alcalde
Uub, as mentioned by Dr. Jordan in the Popu
lar science Monthly, in which the clubsuc
ceeded in producing the composite picture of
a cat, J look upon as a scientific confirmation
of theories long advanced by ibeoaophy. They
mean that the human mind hhs ihe power of
causing a finer form of rabet&aoc, technically
called by theosophlsts "astral matter, " to
assumeshape. All matter responds to thought
the human boly being an ever-present exam
ple of the power oi the minu over even coarse
physical matter, as it may be changed by
changing the mode of thought to a remark
able extent.
The image produced by the Alcalde Club
however, is in the astral matter alone referred
to, which is much more plastic than the ptiv
■ucal, and responds almost instantaneously to
thought. \ n>rati.»n throughout the universe
is continuous, and where vision disappears at
the violet end of the spectrum chemical ac
tion is most BC.ivo, showing that force is sf 1
.iciing in matter, oi.ly the human eve is in
capab.e oi perceiving it. Witbin ihe "domain
ol :!iis chemical portion oi the spectrum and
above :he point where ordinary vision ceases
ie many possibilities which the future scient
iat must .iucover and every oi:e of which will
conlirm the assertion of the iheosopnist of the
existence of this astral matter and the relation
it bear* to the human body.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1896.
PROFESSOR DAVID STARR JORDAN, Whose Remarkable
Paper on "What He Terms "The Sympsycho graph" Has Greatly
Interested Local Scientists, Whose Credulity Will Be in Suspense
Until the Scientist Returns From Alaska.
The very lowest astral matter merges
directly into the highest physical. There are
no breaks in nature. The Jellyfish is an ex
ample of almost pure astral substance. The
visions we see in dreams are the creations of
our thoughts outof this same astral substance,
and remain just so long as the dreaming im
agination holds them intact — and they may
one day be photographed. The materializa
tions of mediums are only concentrations of
the same astral matter down so close to the
physical that they can be plainly seen by the
naked eye and of course could be easily photo
graphed.
That which the Alcalde Club has accom
plished through the power of their united
wills has been tbe condensatiou of an imuge
formed by thought in the astral matter and
brought within the range of those chemical
rays, to which the photographic plate re
sponds and precipitated upon it. Astrono
mers, as Professor Jordan well knows, nave
succeeded in photographing millions of stars
invisible to the naked eye, simply because the
sensitized plate records these higher vibra
tions.
Thought has not been photographed, nor
will ii ever be, but the form which the thought
undoubtedly produces in tne astral matter
has been in this und mimy other instances.
Such experiments are most useful, because
they all tend to break down that materialistic
conception of the universe which even science
itself has been at so much pains to solve.
Between the point where the ear no longer
recognizes vibrations as sound and the point
where those same vibrations reappear as light
there lies a great hiatus for the human mind
to explore. Every portion of it is unquestion
ably discoverable. Whether this will be done
by scientific instruments of precision, or, as
theosophy claims, by the evolution of more
perfect or new sense faculties, cuts little fig
ure. Every one who has developed to the
slightest degree his psychic has entered it.
Every scientist who invents an instrument
capable of detecting and recording these
higher vibrations has also entered it and both
ought to be co-workers in this unknown field
of future possibilities. All such experiments,
therefore, are to be welcomed, and by the
theosophist they are, for they are the direct
scientific proof of his theories. That these ex
periments have attracted the attention of a
scientist of Dr. Jor<lnn's worlds-wide reputation
is a fact for which humanity may be grateful.
It removes sucti things entirely from the do
main of superstition and charlatanry, to
which scientists have heretofore been only too
prone to relegate them. When such men take
hold of them they undoubtedly receive that
intelligent scrutiny and accuracy of observa
tion to which theii importance entitles them.
Dr. W. W. Gamble, the theosophical
lecturer and writer, said:
This is merely a confirmation of what the
osophists have long known and taught. It is
highly important, however, to the Western
world, and coming from the source it does it
should carry great weight. These experiments
are corroborative of those recently made by
Dr. Baradue in Paris and explained at some
length a few weeluC tinea in The Sunday Call.
It is a scientific demonstration of the astral
plane, and Dr. Jordan himself recognizes that.
From the way in which it was done I should
say they did actually succeed in photograph
ing thought— niMtt-rialized thought. We claim
that the whole universe is mereiy materialized
thought, that man is actually surrounded and
lives in his own thought, peoples the space
nround him with the images of his own crea
tion.
The universe is ail built up of thought.
Thoughts are often a long while in becoming
objeciionized on this plane. Our after death
life is actually a contemplation of those
thoughts we have created. We see, aiter
d'.-sth, the actual process by which these
thoughts of ours arc formed into astral pict
un ■>. Every thought we have is actually
photographed in the nstral light— that plastic
body surrounding and interpenetrating the
world and known to the scientist as ether.
This is the preat negative plate of nature
spoken of in Dr. Jordan's article. It receives
all the impressions of thought.
From that negative plate of nature these
thought* are in time developed into ma
terial objec;s. Of course those objects take
various forms; some are built up as plants, us
trees; others as animals, and, in fact, the
whole earth itself is built up of the thoughts
of men. What we call the astral light is really
nature's great workshop.
Thoughts are real things and there should
bn nothing very strange in the discovery that
they can be photographed. Not only do we
form images of all that surround us, by our
thoughts, live as it were among our thoughtx,
but man actually creates the model of his own
body, around which the physical cells are
formed, just as an architect forms the model
upon which his building is erected. We look
around fia;i Francisco and see the whole
nature of the landscape i-hntiged by the archi
tectural structures create! by the thoughts of
men, and in this way, on other planes, in fact,
does man surround himself with the creations
of his own thought.
Professor George Davidson, looking at
the discovery as related by Dr. Jordan
from the point of view of a strictly scien
tific man, felt inclined to doubt it. Still
he would not enter into a critical discus
sion of Dr. Jordan's article in the Popular
Science Monthly because he had not read
it. He said :
• Until I have read the whole thing and dis
cussed it in my own mind I won't give an opin
ion on this subject. At present my judgment
is adverse from what I have heard of it. With
what little evidence I h»ve I don't believe it,
and the odic force that has been revamped.
This thing was brought to my notice by Mr.
Jones, engineer of the gas works, who read the
article of Dr. Jordan, ihe odic force business
was brought up thirty years ago as one of
those mysterious things that could not be ac
counted for, and it was dropped. In fact it
was never accepted by scieniihc men. It was
one of those things that are shoved before the
public to account for all unexplained phe- |
nomena and never accepted, so it died a nat- |
ural death. If this thing were accounted fur i
by reliable men I would accept It, but as I un- |
demand it there is no satisfactory authotity
quoted. I must read this article, but so far I
don't believe it.
Eduard C. Jones, engineer of the gas
company, is a gentleman of scientific
leanings, who has been making experi
ments with the X ray. The result of his
experiments formed the theme of a paper
read last week oefore the Technical So
ciety. His interest in the mysterious rays :
led him to give the article of Dr. Jordan
more than ordinary thought. In speak
ing of it he said:
I'm afraid it is a hoax. My Idea of the pic
ture is that it is a composite photograph of
several cats, with the negatives blurred over
ior effect. Thai is how I regard the wonderful
picture that Dr. Jordan says was made by men
looking at a camera in a "dark room. It is a
f>lty that i-uch an article should have appeared
nthe Popular Science Monthly instead of in
Puck. However I'm not prepared to say that
it is a hoax, although some one may have been
imposed upon.
The scientists at the State Universltv are
much interested in the wonderful results
recently attaincl by the use of the sym
psychograph. While none have studied it
to any extent, as yet, still they are hope
ful that the wonderful invention will
prove to be all that is claimed for it.
Professors Harrison, Slate, Reiter and
Cory were interviewed yesterday with re
gard to the invention and all expressed
their interest in it.
None of them having studied the sym
psychoirraph they were not prepared to go
into details regarding its practicability,
but all were agreed that should the new
invention do all that is claimed for it a
great step In advancement will
have been made.
T. B. Wilson, who has given the subject
some serious consiaeration, when as tied
hia views upon it, said that he had ex
pressed himself in relation to the matter
in a paper read before a society in this
City a short time since and the substance
of what he said then is as follows:
The digestive processes of the mind are not
so much unlike those of the body as one might
suppose. The digestive organs of ih*body are
stimulated to heahhy action by proper food;
so is tfte mind stimulated to healthy action by
proper thoughts. Thoughts are things.
Thoughts are as substantial and material in
their realm as a bar of iron is substantial and
material in its realm. Nor do thoughts origi
nate to die in the mind. They are line seeds
of the vegetable kingdom which are carried
hither and thither by air currents to and lodg
ment in rich soil in fallow ground or upon
beds of rocks. Thoughts are projected from
the mind into the astral world and upon wings
oi ether currents they rush away to be dissi
pated or to find sympathetic entertainment in
the mental realm. We arc not only our.-elves
advanced or retnrded in our spiritual unfold
meni as our thoughts are pure or impure, but
are responsble, in some degree at least, for
the harvest they bring to others wnen they
find lodgment in the mind of others.
To illustrate: Suppose you allow yourself to
become so angry at some one thai you would
have pleasure in giving him a sound thrash
ing. Let us follow the current which you
have laden with angry thoughts until you "de
posit its burden on the mind of one who is still
more deeply agitated from anger. Let us follow
his thoughts, now re-en forcd by your own,
to the mind of one who is bent upon murder,
but who lacks thought-strength to commit
the act. He hesitates until his mind is stimu
lated to action by the inrush of the combined
angry thoughts of your own and those of the
eecund mind, when he commits tne deed.
What relation would you sustain to the crime?
Wculd you not be morally a participant in the
murder? and would you not gather spiritual
thorns and thistles from that sowing of angry
thoughts? Whatsoever a man soweth that
shall he also reap. Epidemics ot crime are
the harvest of angry thoughts rushing in upon
a common center.
Lynching, rioting and other similar demon
strations of mental activity are the outcome
of inrushing angry thoughts. Who has not
seen a gathering of merry-makers plunged in a
twinkling from the lofty thoughts of peace,
good- will and jo down to the black pit of foui
hatred and murderous desire 7
when our thoughts are spotted with desires
that are not the loftiest nor the purest, th .
may find lodgment In feitile minds and dis
courage purpose to reform, if there be such
purpose, and encourage to greater degrada
tion if that desire predominates. Thoughts
may be made powerful lorces for evil and for
good.
Of course, thoughts may be photographed.
President Jordan will return from Alaska
about October Ist, and it is believed he
will be able to throw considerable light on
the question when he arrives. During his
absence scientists and iheosophists alike
will be in painful suspense.
PATRIOTIC HIBERNIANS.
An Adtnlaaion: Day Picnic to Be Held
at Harbor View by Division
No. 2.
At yesterday's meeting of the committee
arrangements were completed for the
picnic of the Ancient Order of Hibernians,
Division No. 2, to he v held next Wednes
day, Admission Day, at Harbor View
Park.
This will be the: twenty-seventh annual
picnic held under the auspices of Division
No. 2 It will bo attended by a large num
ber of the members of other divisions.
An attractive programme of athletic
games, races and dances has, been pre
pared and a most enjoyable day is antici
pated.
* • «
• .Loans on watches, Jewelry, silverware, at Uncle
Harris', 15 Grant avenue.' ;
LABOR DAY AT
THE BIG TEMPLE
Splendid Programme Pre
pared by the Local
Labor Council.
MUSIC AND SPEECHES.
Rev. Anna H. Shaw Will Deliver
an Address on "Woman's
Freedom."
THEY WILL HAVE NONE OF IT
Socialists Refuse to Jcin in the
Demonstration — Happenings in
the Labor World.
The socialists will not take part in the
Labor day festivities. They declare that
their time for celebrating is May 1. and
under no circumstances would they vary
from the European custom, for it is in the
Old World that "Labor Day," as under
stood by them, is correctly intepreted.
In spite of tdis diversion, bowever, Labor
day will be acknowledged in a manner be
fitting the occasion by the San Francisco
Labor Council. The committee on ar
rangements is C. Shuppert, W. McArthur,
T. F. Burns. J. Hill, Thomas Hurd,
Edward Rosenberg and W. C. Ackerman.
Tne festivities wili be held at Metropoli
tan Temple and an interesting musical
and literary programme is promised. As
now arranged, the exercises will be as fol
lows:
Overture, National medley; opening remarks,
T. F. Burns, President San Francisco Labor
Council; vocal selection, Mrs. J. Mornssy;
poem, "The Judgments of Labor," written lor
the occasion by Miss Gabriel M. C. Furlong and
dedicated to the San Francisco Typographical
Union No. 21; address, "Children of the Trade-
Unions, " J. J. Galyin, member San Francisco
Typographical Union No. Ul; banjo selection,
T. Bree; song, "Sing, Sweet Bird," Miss M.
Aspen; address, "Trade-Unionism. Its Neces
sity," Andrew Furuseth, member Sailors'
Union of the Pacific; song, "Rally." written,
composed and sung by Professor Henri Fair
weather; address, "Woman's Freedom," Rev.
Anna H.Shaw; finale, "Home Sweet Home,"
orchestra.
There will be no parade or other outdoor
demonstration, but every sympathizer
with tne labor movement ie expected to be
present.
Tne socialist?, under the leadership of
Charles D. Sunflower, h^ld a public meet
ing at the corner of Market street and
Grant avenue yesterday afternoon. The
police made no attempt to break up the
meeting, although a crowd of several
hundred blocked the street: Sunflower
made one of his characteristic speeches
and was followed by James Andrew, labor
candidate for Lieutenant-Governor. The
latter pointed out the evils of the present
Government as viewed by the party he
represented, laying particular stress on
the fact that in tbe Socialist Labor party
none of these condition existed.
Last night at Pythian Hall on Market
street the regular weeidy meeting was
held. The chairman of the evening was
T. T. Anthony, who made a few brief re
marks fitting to tbe occasion. G. B. Ben
ham and G. Aspden gave appropriate
readings, after which the speaker of the
evening, E. T. Kingsley, was introduced.
This gentleman, it may be remarked, is
tne Socialists' Labor party candidate for
Congress from the Fourth District.
The speaker selected for hi 9 subject
"Confusion." In a direct and general
way he criticized the attitude of the two
old parties, claiming that they were con
fusing in their arguments and that neither
really benefited the workingman. He
referred incideutally to the fact that the
socialist labor party was already organiz-d
in seventeen States and he expected to
see every State in the Union fall into line
before November. There were tens of
thousands, he said, who would cast their
votes forMatchettand Maguire, the Social
ist labor party candidates for President
and Vice-President.
The campaign committee of the Social
ist labor party is extremely active at pres
ent. They hays the full legal number re
quired to get their candidates on the mu
nicipal ticket, and the same is true of the
Fourth Congressional District. The State
ticket, however, is not faring so well. As
twenty days yet remain before returns
must be made, the campaign committee
believe the full 3000 signatures will be ob
tained.
During the ooming week J. F. Foues,
prominent in Oakland political circles,
will leave on a novel electioneenngtour of
Northern California. He proposes to tour
that end of the State in a wagon, deliver
ing lectures where he thinks they will do
the most good and scattering socialist
literature with a lavish hand. James
Andrews of Berkeley will leave on a simi
lar mission next week.
LIVED FOR CHARITY.
Rev. Edward P. I>emp*ey Speaks of the
Good Work of Saint Vincent
de Paul.
Rev. Edward P. Dempsey delivered a
discourse last evening at the conclusion
of vespers upon the iife and labors of St.
Vincent de Paul. The subject of the ser
mon was a priest of the seventeenth cen
tury, who devoted his entire life to the
alleviation of human suffering. Through
his labors numerous asylums, homes fur
the aged and other charitable institutions
were founded throughout France. He also
instituted the order of the Sisters of
Charity, whose ministrations to-day re
lieve the poor and the suffering in every
land.
Tne Saint Vincent de Paul Society, a
large branch of which exists in this City,
is devoted to the charities advocated by
its patron and Father Dempsey made
an earnest appeal to the members of the
Cathedral congregation to become con
tributing members of this society.
"You who aresurrounded by everything
you need," he saui, "know nothing of
these people who are so poor — but they
exist in the parish.
"The charity of this kind is the kind
that the Almighty God wants of us. The
charity that does something practical for
the poor is the charity of Christ. Would
that the spirit of St. Vincent would find
an active, zealous place in every member
here. Remember, the Scriptures from
beginning to end are tilled with promises
to those who follow the practices of which
M. Vincent de Paul is an exemplar. Re
member that even a class of water given
in his name will not be unrewarded. We
will never miss it. Remember, we are
brothers and sisters of tbe same God."
Red Branch i icnic
The Knights of the Red Branch Rifles will
hold their annual picnic at Shell Mound Park
next Sunday, the 13th inst. The proceeds of
tne picnic will be devoted to the released Irish-
Americans who have been confined in England
for the last thirteen years. There will "be
numerous cash ddzcs and other articles suit
able for the occasion. There will also be a
magnificent programme of athletic sports, in
cluding a tug-of-war between the Spring Val
ley Water Works men and the Knights of the
iced Branch K.fies (or a purse of $100.
One million will read "Mechanics' Fair
Daily. "Advertise now. Mysell Rollins,22 Clay,*
NEW TO-DAY-DRY GOODS^^^ VN^ V^.
SPECIAL SALE
Dress Patterns !
The Best j Values Ever Offered
in San Francisco.
$10.50 Dress Pattern
44-INCH FRENCH NOVELTY
BOUCLE AND CHEVIOT
PLAIDS, colors Heliotrope
and Green, Brown and .-...•'•
Red, Green and Tan and
Navy and Brown.
Navyandßrown - $7.00 Dress Pattern
50-INCH NOVELTY FRENCH
CAMEL'S - HAIR BOU-
RETTE, colors Navys, Ol-
ive, Browns, Hunters and
Black.
$7.00 Dress Pattern
44-INCH NOVELTY FRENCH
TWO-TONED BOUCLE, (hP fttT |\ I) 11
colors Black and Red, Black $) # 25 UrCSS Fatteni
and Olive, Black and Brown NUINE FRENCH
and Black and Blue. TWILLED CHEVIOT, col-
ors Browns, Greens, Navys
and Black.
Samples of above goods sent free to any
address.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET,
Our harvest is beginning.
We're gathering in the
world's crop of freshly ri-
pened fruits — first, figs; then
raisins, nuts and orchard
fruits.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday — Tuesday — Wednesday
Pasha Blend Coffee lb. 30c
regularly 37% c
Improved blend
Italian Vermouth bot. 50c
regularly 60c doz. $5.50
Jams and Jellies jar 15c
regularly 25c
Best that California made in 1895.
Making room for thia year's Harvest.
Eastern Biscuits tin 20c
regularly 25c
Fresh, crisp, delicately flavored
best we can find.
French Mushrooms
F. LeCourt regularly 25c tin 20c
Charles " 20c " 15c
Tomato Catsup bot. 15c
regularly 20c
Mail orders have close personal »ttention
of tbe firm ; questions answered cheer-
fully; write.
Send for September catalogue, free.
426-432 Pine •)
aift-217 Sutter >S. F. Mall orders
2SOO California J filled at
Pine Street store.
1075 Clay, Oakland.
TS THE VERY BEST INK TO EXAMINE
X your eyes and fit thrm to Spectacles and Eve-
Klasses with instruments of his oa-ii invention
whosH superiority has not been equaled. My suc-
cess has been due to the merits of i*y wori
office Hours— m to 4 p. v.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTOaSET-AT
DO YOU KNOW THAT THERE IS SCIENCE
IN NEATNESS? BE WISE AND USE
SAPOLIO
Boys'
Stylish
Shoe
III!
Boys' and Youths' razor toe Calf
Shoe — made like our fine shoes for
men. Has that grace and "snap"
about it that makes you feel proud of
yourself.
The Factory Price $1.75 and $2.00.
STORE CLOSED TUESDAY.
Big Shoe Factory,
581-583 Market St.
Store closes at 6:30 P. M. Saturdays. 10 PM
Redemption of Dnpont-St. Bonds
rjiREASXTRER'S OFFICE, CITY AN I) COUNTY
A of San Francisco, Septembers, 1896.
Holders of Uupont-street Bonds issued under an
an of the >taie legislature entitled "An Act to
Authorize the Widening of Dupont Street, In iha
City of San Francisco." adopted March 2s, 1878,
are hereby notified that the undersigned will re-
ceive sealed proposals for the surrender of said
Bonds as provided by Section 13 of said act, at his
office in 'he new City Hall, San Francisco, until
IS o'clock noon of TUKSDaY, September 15, 1896.
The amount to be applied to the redemption of
said Bonds is about ninety thousand dollars
($90,000). Bidders will state at ■ hat rate tbey
will surrender their Bonds for payment, Ifss
coupons due. No proposals above par will be con-
sidered.
B.ds to be Indorsed "Proposals for Surrender of
Dupont-street Bonds." A. C. WIDBER,
' City ana County Treasurer.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
7**, GRILL
Ladl ra ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
OPKN UJSTU. MII>KIOHT-
re^ ToSS
J^mrvVnE^B Gleet, Spermatorrh flea,
f^|TH£EvAN3 CHEM.rvLCo. b ™£j^«SK
\M? mm ™'° JSSf e !tnt in Plain wrywjr.
>^^5^ V.B.A. JgST Zi expiefi. preP»»d, fur