VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 35
"OLD GLORY" WAVES
San Francisco's Fourtii of July Celebrated
in Loyal Fashion — Oup Patriotic City
is True to He? .Noble .Motto: "Opo en
Paz; en Sueppa, Fieppo."
FOURTH OF JULY celebrations in
San Francisco are always spirited.
The present year yields an ex
cellent illustration of the earnest
patriotism of our people. All
citizens join . ladly in paying homage
to the anniversary of the Nation's birth
day. Thus has it been since the founda
tion of this magnificent metropolis.
Thus will it continue while the City ■
stands. The legend on our municipal j
escutcheon is truly and nobly emblematic, j
In peace, we have gold for our beloved
country. In war, we have steel for ncr
iocs.
The people of the Golden Gate never do
anything by halves. The celebration of
the Fourth of July of 1896 was no excep
tion to this characteristic. It was com
plete and enthusiastic. It had more flags
and tri-colored bunting and cheers and
red fire than ever before.
The parade was as spectacular as any
Fourth of July parade that has marched
with rife and drum and bugle and become
silent in the years gone by.
Market street presented a canopy of
fluttering flags, tri-coJored bunting, bril
liant lumerns and pictures of Presidents
and patriots upheld by wires. The store
fronts were, in many instances, almost
covered by National colors.
The principal streets and resorts were
packed with people all day long and far
into the night. During the parade the
crowd was so dense that passage along the
streets and sidewalks was almost impossi
ble except for those in the parade. The
decorations extended from the foot of
Market street almost up to Van Ness ave
nue.on Kearny street almost down to Clay,
and on Geary, OTarrell, Grant avenue,
Post, Sntter and other streets for blocks
away from Market. Streaming proudly
through it all the flag of one nation only
was visible— the stars and itripes. The '
tunes that the bands played oftenest were
the "Star-spangled Banner," "Yankee
Doodle," "Hail Columbia" and "Amer
ica." The patriotism displayed was for
one flae and one country.
The chief interest in the day's events
was manifested by t;e mass of the people
in the parade. It was a little slow in be
ginning to move, but when it finally got
under way it moved majestically. His
was a dry heart, indeed, which did not j
Bwell at the spectacle. Up Market street I
it marched, an army carrying waving
plumes and fluttering flags.
Above the spectators in the streets the
windows and roofs of the tall buildings
were filled with faces. Nobod3 r seemed to
care very much if a cannon-cracker
dropped by the übiquitous small boy went
off under his feet. The greatest good
humor prevailed.
The chief marshals were resplendent in
their uniforms and Fashes. Chief of Po
lice Crowley made a dicnified and fine ap
pearance in uniform.
Mayor Sutro was enthusiastically
cheered. He occasionally bowed his ac
knowledgments from a carriage adorned
with roses and wreaths.
The German societies were often ap
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
plauded, and particularly so on Kearny |
street.
The parade moved at 10:35, and it took
an hour for it to pass a given point. It
was about two and a half miles long.
All the floats attracted admiration.
Many hats went oft to the queens,
Goddess of Liberty, "California' 1 and
others.
The model of the battle-ship Oregon, in
miniature, on a float, with a brindle dog '
for a mascot, was greatly admired. In- !
terest was intensified when it was seen !
to belch fire, smoke and the noise of war
from genuine little guns, which pro
truded from the turrets just as the big
guns do on the real Oregon down in the
bay getting her finishing touches. The
guns were elevated at an angle above the !
crowds of people in the streets, and on "
this account, though the charges were
strong enough to make plenty of noise,
only one man was hurt. But this was
not owing to any fault in the guns or I
gunner.
t-alvator Vincent of Napa street wan
standing on the corner of Market and !
Montgomery streets watching the parade, j
A flash from one of the miniature guns of <
the model of the battle-ship Oregon set
fire to one of the Mags on the float. Vin
cent sprang forward to tear down the j
burning flag, when another gun went off !
and the wadding penetrated his right arm,
inflicting an ugly wound. He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital, where his
wounded arm was attended to.
People began to crane their necks when
the waving red, white and blue pampas ,
plumes of the hundreds of members of the :
Junior Order of United American Me
chanics came into sight. They were fol- \
lowed by that well-known emblem of pa- j
triotism, "the little - red schoolhouse,"
and both were frequently and enthusias
tically applauded along the line of march. :
The members of the Japanese battalion, ;
witn their unique uniforms, their how- ]
itzer and carrying the beautiful cherry i
blossoms, afforded one of the most pleas
ing sights of the parade. They were
much admired. In fact, on picturetque
ness, they divided the honors with any
other section ot the procession. The j
Fujiyamas stepped with precision and j
bore themselves with dignity. When the j
howitzer was elevated, with its yawning
mouth threatening the heavens, and it
went off, and there was a spectacle of a
man frantically waving his arms in mid
air, the people wondere<3.
The countermarch on Van Ness avenue j
with tne hill and clouds for a background,
and all the colors and streamers flying in
the breeze, and the scores of bands play
ing, was a most beautiful sight.
The procession was happily free from
any serious accidents or disturbances, and
the spectators spontaneously manifested
their appreciation of the parade as it
moved majestically along the lineof march, j
The small boy dotting in thousands the
brown pavement of the avenue and elud
ing the vigilant policeman was very much
in evidence here, as along the entire line
of march. The Fourth of July is pre
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 5, 1896 -THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
eminently the day of all holidays for
Young America, and he enjoyed it yester
day as he ever has and ever «ill in free
born America.
THE GREAT
PARADE
fjTSHE first division, headed by Com-
I pany A, under Captain George- W.
Wittman, and Company B, under
Captain John Spillane, of the San Fran
cisco police force moved out on to Market
street shortly after half-past 10 o'clock.
Chief of Police Crowley was in command.
The Golden Gate band followed in ad
vance of Grand Marshal Umbsen and staff.
Marshal and aids presented a typical mar
tial appearance. The marshal was uni
formed in blue, with cold trimmings and
sash, an i wore a white plume.
Major Charles H. Murphy, chief of staff,
in a major's full dress uniform, accom
panied him on one side, and First Chief
Aid Walter H. Wood on the other. Be
hind came the chief aids, wearing the red,
white and blue sash and black plume.
They were:
First Lieutenant J. D. Miley, U. S. A.; Second
Lieutenant John W. Joyes, U. S. A. ; Colonel
James F. Smith, P. A. Bergerot, W.W. Shan
non, E. J. Vogel, Will D. Shea, J. F. Fraser,
Nicholas H. Lang. Colonel W. R. Parnell.
Chairman of the par&de committee, Cap
tain John Tuttle. came next, followed by
the aids, all wearing blue sashes and black
plumes. They were:
Charles R. Nathan, Charles F. Kapp, Oscar
V. Gerznbek, David Buck, Harry W. Adama, W.
M. Abbott, A. K. Daggett, G. Holland, H. G.
Vaughn, George Newman, Dr. J. Albert Noble,
Thomas K. Kase.William Mclntire, John Mcln
tire, G. W. Burr, Dawson Mayer, Captain D.
McDevltt, Frank W.Titus, George Hufschmldt,
Henry B. Nibbe, Walter H. Wood, A. Everding,
Patrick Lynch. C. F. Humphries, Fred Butter
field, Charles M. Brink, Fred Blumberg, N. E.
Nary, Fred Vetter, George H. Friermuth, Mas
ter Earl Wilson, J. C. Olandt, Conrad HJlder
brandt, A. P. Rhodes, Charles Myall. Captain
Silk, F. E. Monteverde Jr., A. E. Noble, D.
Coyne, Louis Goldstonc, C. J. Hutching!, W.
Linden, A. E. McDevitt, John C. Slater, Gus
tave Gunzcudorffer, A. J. Donovan, James H.
Riley, Captain P. Sullivan.
The horses ridden by the officers of this
division were all large and magnificent
animals.
After the aids marched a battalion of
United Btat«*s troops, headed by the First
Infantry band, U. 8. A., and preceding
the First Keg i men t of the militia. The
battalion was officered as follows:
Battallion — Captain John J. O'Connell com
manding. Company C, Lieutenant Erank O.
Ferris; Company D, Captain M. P. Maus ; Com
pany B, Lieutenant S. A. Cloman; Company F,
Captain C. G. Star.
Brigadier-General Warfield, command
ing the first division, ami stuff, followed,
making a splendid appearance. They
were mounted on line horses. The staff
consisted of:
Lieutenant-Colonels J. G. Glesting and C. F.
Hanson; Majors Charles Jansen, Charles H.
Murphy, H. B. Hosmer. W. A. HaUled, C. J.
Evans, J. H. Mangels and D. S. Dorn; Captains
8. L. Naphtaly and 11. A. Wegener; Sergeants-
Mnjor E. de Spanr and E. S. Crosby; Signal
Corps, Second Brigade, N. G. C, Captain C. C.
lSonrdiii2.il commanding.
Three battalions of the First Infantry
Regiment followed, headed by the Fir«t
Regiment band. The second division, or
the Fifth Infantry Regiment, with their
bands, followed, but preceded by the sail
Scene in the Auditorium During Yesterday's Fourth of July
Observances. The Baud Playing "The Star-spangled
Banner." {
ors and marine* of the cvuiser Charleston. I
The regiments were officered as follows:
First lufantry Regiment. N. G. C— Lieuten- !
ant-Colonel Victor D. Duboce commanding. ■
Staff— Major W. D. McCarthy, Captains AlJred
J. Kelleher and P. J. If. Farrell, First Lieuten
ants Louis Barrere, Emil A. Kehrlein and Bert
R. Heoht.
First Battalion — Major Charles Boxton com
manding. Company D, Captain Robert A.
Marshall; Company A, Captein John F. Con
nelly; Company E, Captain Edward Fitzpat
rick; Company I, Captain R. Richter.
Second Battalion— Major Hugh T. Sime com
manding. Company M, Captain Thomas F.
O'Neil; Company L, Captain John F. Egbert;
Company X, Captain Gwrge Filraer; Company
H, Captain Frank \V. Warren.
Third Biittalion— Major Charles L. Tilden
commanding. Company X, Captain Thomas J.
| Cunningham ; Company C, Captain J. W.
Dumbreil; Company F, Captain John A Miller;
Company G, Captain Edgar C. Sutliffe; Cadets,
Captain J. R. Moulthrop.
Fifth Infantry, N. G. C. Fifth Infantry band.
Second Battalion, Mujor John F. Hayes com
luandine. Staff — Major J. P. Dunn, Captains
I). A. Smith and T. A. Rottiinzi, First Lieuten
ants A. A. Borlini. J. H. Hendy, E. S. Heller, C.
| C Derby. Company A, Captain Charles T.
Poulter; Company F, Captiiin George H. Weth-'
crn; Company G, Captain W. F. Chipman.
Naval Battalion, N. G. C, Lieutenant-Com
mander L. H. Turner commanding. Staff —
Lieutenants W. E. Elliott, J. T. Sullivan, C. C.
Dennis, F. W. Harris, A. E. MorgHn. First Di
vision, Lieutenant C. A. Douglass; Second Di
vision, Lieutenant W. E. Gunn. Cavalry, N\
G. C— Troop A, Lieutenant Charles A. Jenks.
The Second I»ivi«*i«».i.
After the militia came the second divi
sion of the parade, made up of the veter
ans, men who have done more than
walk proudly through streets decked in
lioliday attire; in fact, men who have seen
battle — seen the prose as well as the poetry
of things military.
Marshal Harney Burdell, with Chief
Aid Leon Joues and Aids S. M. Carr and
A. J. Vining, were in advance, followed
by the Second Artillery band. The
Veteran Guard of California marched first,
Captain J. B. Lauck commanding. Fol
lowing came the different posts of the
G. A. R.
Lincoln Poat No. 1, Harry W. Mortimer
' commander.
George H. Thomas Post No. 2, A. J. Vining
- commander.
James A. Garflela Post No. 34, R. R. Kilgore,
' commander.
Colonel Cass Post No. 46, John O'Neill com
raander.
General George C. Meade Post No. 48. J. F.
■ Coggin commander.
Liberty Post No. 33, W. J. Park commander.
Veterans of the Mexican War.
Sons of American Revolution.
Three handsome and tastefully deco
f rated Grand Army floats brought up the
I rear of the second division. First, that
• of Seven Pines Circle, drawn by four
\ horses; afterward came two floats of the
Gettysburg Circle.
The Third Division.
The third division was filled entirely
• by the First Regiment of the League of
• the Cross Cadets, who appeared soldierly
and well drilled. The division was headed
" by the Park band.
• A. B. Magnire was marshal, with chief
' aid Thomas H. Fallon and aids D. J.
' Maboney, Thomas R, Curtis, Charies B.
Dann and John H. Sheehan.
The First Regiment of the Cadets was
ofheered as follows :
Colonel W. C. Mahoney commanding; Lieu
s tenant-Colonel M. P. O'Shea. Staff— Captain
- and Adjutant Daniel C. Deasy and A. P. Mulli
-1 gan; Lieutenants James Devlin and H. F. Sul
. livan.
First Battalion— Major Daniel J. McGloln
commanding; Lieutenant Edward W. Fay.
Company A, Captain Frink S. Urady; Com
pany M, Captain T. Dinan; Company G, Cap
r tain E. J. Power; Company D, Captain James
f Mcßrlde; Company X, Lieutenant Peter Casey;
- Company I, Captain P. Haggerty.
Second Battalion— Major James Brouchona
commanding; Lieutenant Edward J. Deasy.
Company C, Captain Edward Fitzgerald; Coai
pany E, Captain Daniel J. McCarthy : Company
H, Captain James Power; Company B, Captain
J. T. Curley; Compauy I, CapUtn W. C. Clark.
At the intersection of Van Ness avenue
and Market street the observer had an ex
tended view of the military approaching
uj> Market street, and wheeling in long
columns into the broad avenue. The pre
cision of movement of the militia and
their superior soldierly bearing was in
spiring in the extreme. The sun glittered
onthe gold-topped helmets of the men as
they turned and marched upon the smooth
paved boulevard. The swords flashed.
As platoon after platoon advanced further
up the hill toward Post street they rose, it
seemed, out of the farther end to be finally
brought into relief in succession against
the blue stage at the place of the counter
march.
It was in the return from Post street that
the hot sun and long tramp began to tell
on tl:e soldier boys. A private of the First
Regiment, overcome by the heat, was
helped from the ranks near the grand mar
shal's station.
The men of the cruiser Charleston
walked with the tread of those to whom
war is business and necessity. The long
cruise through wind and sun has left its
ruddy mark on their faces. Each man
looked capable of taking the hardest place
on a college football team without any ad
ditiopal training.
The Fourth Division.
This division was under the command
of Marshal M. Pericb and his aids, Nicho
las Mortizia. Captain S. Raicevich, Lieu
tenant da la Torre Jr., headed by Ramsey's
Excelsior band. It consisted of Deutscher
Krieger Verein, Captain Robert Wienecke
commanding; Independent Rifles. Cap
tain Schneider commanding; San Fran
cisco Turn Verein, Captain F. Attinger
commanding; San Francisco Schuetzen
Verein, Captain John Bohls commanding;
Continued on Eighth Page.
THE FLOAT EfiTITLED "COLUMBIA RULES THE WORLD."
FARMER BOIES GOES TO TOWN
But the Bland Boom Does
Not Wobble to Any
Great Extent.
GOLD MEN REVIVE THE TELLER
MOVEMENT.
In the Event of His Selection They
Would Be Absolved From
Allegiance.
SENATOR WHITE OF CALIFORNIA NOW
HAS MANY SUPPORTERS.
Sweltering in the Hot Sun of the Convention
City Rival Leaders and Spielers Con
tinue the Struggle for the
Various Candidates.
"THE CALL'S" HEADQUARTERS, \
THE AUDITORIUM,
CHICAGO, 111., July 4. )
The Teller boom was revived to-day, it is supposed with the
assistance of the gold men who would like to see the Republican from
Colorado at the head of the Democratic ticket, because the strait
laced Democracy in that event would be absolved from their allegi
ance to the party and its nominees.
Boies of lowa appeared at the Palmer House to-day and held a
levee. He had several hundred callers and refused to be interviewed
for the press.
Senator Stephen M. White of California is mentioned as the
most acceptable candidate for the Vice-Presidency, as he would get
the vote of New York for a starter.
It is expected that "Silver Dick" Bland will follow the example
of Mr. Boies and will come here to encourage his friends.
Ex-Governor Pennoyer of Oregon is a candidate for first or
second place on the ticket.
Senator Hill of New York remained in his apartments all day
receiving visitors. He refuseed to say anything for publication.
To-morrow will be a big day. Several thousand uniformed Bland
boomers from Missouri will be here with a dozen brass bands and
the California delegation will hold open house in their quarters at
the Sherman. JOHN PAUL COSGRAVE.
CHICAGO, 111., July 4.— Tnere may or
may not be some significance in the fact
that with the arrival of Senator Hill and
ex-Senator Whitney of New York Teller
stock went up a few points and his name
was industriously buzzed by convention
speilers around the lobbies and in the dif
ferent headquarters. It may be that the
gold men, finding that their fight is irre
trievably lost, have determined to boom a
Republican for the first place on the Dem
ocratic ticket in order that the stanch
Democracy of the country may be ab
solved from any ties of allegiance to the
party, the heading of the ticket with the
name of a lifelong Republican being equiv
alent in their estimation to a surrender to
all party principles.
There is one memorable instance on
record in which the National Democracy
went outside of its own party and selected
a candidate for the Presidency. That can
didate was a man of unblemished reputa
tion, and one in whom the masses of the
people could be well supposed to place im
plicit confidence. But the members of the
party who had been suckled with the milk
of Democracy on the breasts of Democratic
mothers could not stomach so violent a
departure from political usages, such as
that was, and they repudiated Horace
Greeley at the polls. They felt that it
was an insinuation that within the ranks
of the party at that time no man could be
found sufficiently pure, sufficiently able,
sufficiently great or sufficiently-popular to
carry the standard of Democracy through
the smoke and turmoil of a heated cam-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
paign and plant it victoriously on the ram
parts of Washington.
It may be that the shrewd gold men had
such a contingency in their minds when
they covertly threw the weight of their
influence to the Teller boorulet, knowing
that Teller would be the weakest man, for
partisan reasons, whom the Democracy
could select. This suggestion was put
forth as a feeler, but the name of the bolt
ing Republican from Colorado did not
spread through the rank and file like a
prairie fire. On the contrary, it required
NEW TO-DAY.
PEIZE^KANSAS
BABT yL>y CITY
Cured In^p^PW^^f.th;
; Disfiguring V^GBIICDRA'
ECZEMA N^ REMEDIES
Onr baby when three weeks old was badly af- I
flicted with Eczema. Her head, arms, neck, limbs,
and nearly every Joint In her body was raw and
bleeding, when we concluded to try CCTICCRA
Remedies. We began with Cuticura (oint-
ment) and Cuticura Soap, and after the first
application we could see a change. After we had :
: used them one week some of the sores had healed
entirely, and ceased to spread. -In less than a
month, she was free from scales and blemishes, an 1
to-day has as lovely skin and hair as any child.
She was shown at the Grange Fair, and took a
premium as the prettiest baby, over sixteen otliera
Mr. * M us. Park, IGO9 Bellcview Aye.. Kan. City.
' Sold everywhere. Pottkb Dkgo* On eh. Cokp., Boston.
WHY
Be bothered with inferior goods •when you
can got a first-class article if only you
will call for it.
LEVI STRAUSS d, GO'S
CELEBRATED COPPER RIVETED
OVERALLS AND SPRING .-BOTTOM PANTS
■ Are made of the best materials, j
Sewed with the best threads. •'.. •
Finished in the best style.
EVERY GARMENT GUARANTEED.
FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.
Ci C" S\J F^ for a picture of our |
Factory, we ■will mail one to you free •
of charge. •
WE EMPLOY OVER 500 GIRLS.
ADDRESS: LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
■ San Francisco,
CALIFORNIA.2
considerable pushing to get it through the
crowd.
The Bland boom did not suffer anything
by this little diversion. His is the only
name that is spoken with any degree of
enthusiasm which seems to fit into the
silver niche. The nickname, "Silver Dick,"
has done about as much to make him pop
ular as all the arguments of his advocates.
He is the author of the Bland bill, and
that fact being known to every silver man
in the convention has had its expected ef
fect. Outside of the States which have
favorite sons in the field Bland seems to
be the only candidate in vogue.
At one time to-day I thought that the
Bland boom wobbled just a little bit, and
that was when a postoffice file of delegates
tramped upstairs in what seemed a never
ending procession wearing a rabbit path
on the carpet to the door of Mr. Boies'
room. That foxy old gentleman, in the
guise of an innocent granger, had slipped
into towr. just for a day in order, as his
friends said, to confer with his political
advisers here in the van of battle. He is
to go away to-night. When I opened the
door of his room in the Palmer House this
morning I ran afoul of a very sweet
spoken gentleman who was acting as this
honest old granger's bodyguard. He
drew me aside to one corner of the room,
and, holding me against the wall by the
coat lapel with his left hand, cut great
gashes in the atmosphere with his open
right hand in his most earnest attempts to
impress upon my feeble understanding the
vital fact that Mr. Boies would not talk
politics and would not be interviewed
upon any subject by a newspaper man.
Tnen I stood the bodyguard up against
the wall while I impressed upon his mind
the fact that I had not come for the pur
pose of interviewing Mr. Boies, but that I
desired to press his sunburned, horny
hand and gaze into that guileless face and
upon that noble brow, thatched with the
snows of well-spent years while hoeing
corn on the prairies of lowa.
When 1 handed my card to the candi
date for the Presidency a look of pain
erased the good-humored wrinkles Irom
the corners of his eyes and he cast an et
tv Brute clance at his bodyguard, who re
assured him with a wink. I put the old
gentleman still more at ease by repeating
that I had not come for an interview, not
having a porcine appetite for that which I
could not get, and he smiled upon me
with gratitude. He has a kind face with
a well-formed nose, the point of which has
been whittled down very line and sticks
out very sharply on a horizontal line.
There are smiling wrinkles around his
eyes, and when be smiles otherwise, which
is very often, he displays a very good set
of teetti and his cneeks puff out with mer
riment. He was pleased to say that he
felt in good spirits, that his political pros
pects were bright and that he was going to j
return to his home this evening.
The interview was terminated by the
bodyguard presenting a fat man from
New York in a linen suit. I bad some
difficulty in getting away from the door
through the crowd of people, most of
whom were not delegates, but who wished
to have a talk with and to make them
selves bolid with the man who perchance
by a happy turn of fortune's wheel may
become President or Vice-President of this
great county, with a whole lot of post
otiices, consulships and other lucrative
offices at bis disposal.
"Yes," I overheard a man remark in the
New York quarters half an hour later,
"Boies is a nice old fellow and he'd make
a good run, because he has got some hay
seed in his hair. They say he owns a
whole lot of land and that he has callosi
ties on the palms of his hands from cut
ting coupons."
That was all the wobble there was to the
Bland boom, but that will be more than
overcome if the suggestion of some of the
Bland people is adopted, which is to have
Mr. Bland make his appearance here
within a day or two in a casual kind of a
way to confer with some of his principal
advisers. For instance, should he come
here his appearance in the lobby will be
the signal for a great outburst of cheering,
for it cannot be disputed that all the per
sonal magnetism which will affect this
silver convention is baioes around the
crown of "Silver Dick" of Missouri.
David Bennet Hill spent the glorious
Fourth In his rooms in the Palmer House
receiving his friends, and it was a very
hard day's work indeed. Every man who
visited him seemed to have things of the
utmost importance upon which to consult
him. There were bo many callers and
the Interviews were so prolonged that I
was obliged to wait for almost an hour
before I was ushered into the presence of
this well-known etatesman. As I sat in
front of the open door of the inner room
in which Senator Hill received his visitors
I had a very good view of him and
was able to form a tolerably good idea of
his mental make-up. He has one of the
finest heads I ever saw upon a man. His
dome of thought rises grandly above dis
*yes and sweeps back in a symmetrical
curve to a point behind the middle of his
ears, where it reaches a semicircle of brown
hair, the whole crown of his head being
perfectly bald. There are no lumps, knots
or gulches in it. It is full and rounded, and
from a phrenological standpoint denotes
a well-balanced mind. The Senator's eyes
are of a very light blue or gray, so light
indeed that at times as he turned his face
toward the window there seemed to be no
color in them. They are rather deeply set
beneath a pair of very tbin, straight eye
brows and rather close together. His
glance is quick and shifting, like his move
ments and cestures, and he gave me the
impression that he was a man of more
than ordinary guile and cunning. His
countenance does not belie him, for his
record is that of a shrewd political strate
gist, one of those man who are most dan
gerous in their moments of defeat, for if
they get only half an opening they are
likely to reverse the victory.
His next most striking facial character
istic is the rotundity of his cheeks. They
remind one of the pauncbed cheeks of the
gray squirrel which whisks its bushy tail
in the redwood trees of California. When
I was introduced to Senator Hill he/re
marked in a deep basso voice that he
would be very happy to give an interview
to the San Francisco Call, but that he bad
made up bis mind before he came here
not to grant any interviews to any news
paper men. Glancing at an anxious group
of six or eight New York newspaper cor
respondents he remarked with a comical
expression of the eyes that he would re
serve all his interviews "for the New York
boys." The boys smiled, but somewhat
sadly, because they wanted the interview
then and there. One of them had pre
ceded me, and his seemed to be a desper
ate case. He wore a Vandyke mus
tache and beard, closely trimmed,
and was fashionably dressed for trop
ical weather in a black alpaca sack
coat, a biue-striped neglige Bhirt,
with turn-down collar, pantaloons of
CTeam-colored flannel striped lengthwise
with black, and ye Gods! a pair oi white
kid, laced, razor-toed shoes. He sat with
his back to me, facing Senator Hill, who
was also sitting, and made most tremen
dous gestures, smashing his clenched right
hand into the palm of his left and speak
ing most earnestly. He was asking the
Senator, no doubt, to place his heart upon
his sleeve for newspaper men to peck at.
But the Senator did not have any heart
to spare for exhibition purposes, and as
he rose from his chair to summon the
next person in waiting, which was my
self, the man with the sandy beard placed
both hands upon the Senator's hips and
tugged at his coat while imploring him
to grant him the desired scoop for his
paper. I was rather pleased than other
wise to behold the gentleman partaking of
the same kind of soup that I knew would
be dealt out to me when it came my turn.
Hill and Wtitaey are here to make his
tory. They are history-makers, and what
they will do and say between now and
next Thursday will ecno through this Na
tion for many and many a year to come.
Like all their colleagues they are gold men
first and Democrats afterward, if this con
vention may be called Democratic, but that
proposition is disputed.
This gathering is not admitted by them
to be what its name implies. On the con
trary, echoing tbe sentiment of Congress
man Bynum, as published in this morn
ing's Call, they declare that this is a sil
ver convention dominated by Republicans,
Populists and owners of silver mines. This
declaration is an open road to the future
repudiation by the sound-money Dem
ocracy of the action and the candidates of
this convention. From the temper of the
sound-money Democrats here no other
conclusion can be reached than that
Bynum's prediction will be fulfilled.
"This convention will put forth a silver
platform and silver candidates, and that is
as far as it will eet."
There is a little boom, which has been
stirring for several days and growing a lit
tle stronger every day, in favor of United
States Senator Stephen M. White of Cali
fornia. His name was mentioned at first
by few delegates who knew and ad
mired him for his sterling integrity, his
unsurpassed ability and his uncompromis
ing Democracy, as an available candidate
for the Vice-Presidency.
To-day I heard his name whispered about
in the New York headquarters as a Uemo
crat whose name at the head of the ticket
would attract more followers from among
the conservative as well as the radical wing
of the Democratic party than any one of
the persons already named. The New
YorK delegate who spoke to me of Senator
White in approval of his availability as the
Presidential nominee would not allow me
to publish his name as the author of that
statement, but he intimated to me rather
strongly that if Senator White would con
sent to make th 6 race the New York dele
gation would cast its solid vote for him, as
he would be more acceptable to the sound
money men than any of the other silver
men yet known.
The headquarters of the California dele
gation at the Sherman House are being
lavishly and patriotically decorated with
Hags and bunting. Some of its members
are expected here this evening and the re
mainder to-morrow. There seems to be a
ciarm about everything Californian for
Eastern and Western people, whether it be
the visit of California Knights Templar or
of a political body. When Californians
co abroad they put up everything in style.
Nature with them has been generous, even
to the poorest among them, and they
can't help taking after their mother.
When the Californiana arrive here Gov
ernor Altgeld's grip on the Democracy
will be likely to be loosened.
Sound money headquarters are spring
ing up in the three political hotels, the
Palmer, the Sherman and the Auditorium,
like mushrooms after a shower. The
headquarters in the Palmer House take
up the largest parlors in that hostelry.
Over the doors are th© words, "Sound
Money Headquarters," the letters being
formed of incandescent lamps, winch are
kept blazing day and night, as if defying
the enemy. The Cook County sound
money Democracy opened to-day their
headquarters in the Richelieu on Michi
gan avenne, facing the laKe. They oc
enpy the whole of the first floor. The
sound money men also have spacious
headquarters in the Auditorium and the
Shermin, and, judgitig from the large
amount of money that is being expended
for rents, literature, lights and attendants,
the sound money men have not given up
the battle by any means, but are deter
mined to make a desperate fight even in
tbe last ditch.
To-day has not been prolific in new de
velopments. The weather was oppres
iveiy sultry this morning and visitors per
spired at the rate of a gallon an hour, so
that many of the delegates stole away
from the city.
Tempted by the gentle breezes wafted
from the lake of biue, whose surface was
dotted with white sails of small craft,
gleaming against the background of gray
hsze, which covered the eastern horizon,
the steamers plying from the foot of Van
Buren streets to the bathing resorts and
soft-drink cafes of Manhattan and Wind
sor Park beaches were crowded with poli
ticians and pretty girls enjoying the cool
ing breeze caused by the motion of the
steamer and escaping from the heated
streets and firecracker turmoil of a Chi
cago Fourth of July. The martyrs who
remained behind were Senator Hill and the
other big guns of politics whom climatic
conditions can never snake disloyal to
work which is in hand. There were other
martyrs who looked upon the cool sea and
saw with longing the fluttering ribbons
and gay flags on tbe steamers' decks.
These, too, had work in hand and re
mained behind to do it, but with disloyal
hearts and with many a sigh ovi - their
sad fate. They were the Bohemians, who
love nature and who, while despising the
heated brick walls of a great city, must
trudge at the grindstone sighing for their
old love, the shady woods, the green
fields, the babbling brooks, the blue seas
and the gentle airs that make the outdoor
world the Mecca for the hand that is weary
and the spirit that fain would rest.
The latest is that Colorado will with
draw Teller and support Bland.
Jony Paul Cosgravk.
BLAND HAS THE SWING.
His Boom Little Shaken by the Ar-
rival of Farmer Bolea at
Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., July 4.— Farmer Boies,
who has been looking after his corn crop
in lowa, laid aside the hoe and came to
town to-day. He came to Chicago to fence
in his Presidential boom. Boies got in
»arly this morning, and after shaking the
hayseed out of his hair he went into secret
souncil with his managers. His arrival,
)f course, had some effect upon the situa
tion. There was a noticeable increase of
enthusiasm in favor of the lowa states
man, while the Bland boom was ham
mered with unrelenting vigor.
Mr. Boies wonld not discuss the chances
for his nomination. He feels confident of
victory. He will talk with the delegates
personally and will make a strenuous ef
fort to check the onslaught of the labor
element
Circulars have been issued setting forth
his views upon labor questions and re
siting paragraphs from his famous speech,
n which he upheld the position of Presi
dent Cleveland in sending armed troops
to quell the riots caused by the great rail
road strike in Chicago in 1894. Mr. Boies
will also talK with the labor leaders and
:ndeavor to dissuade them from lurther
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
attacks on him. He expects to return
home to-morrow.
The arrival of the lowan created a slight
flurry at the headcenter of the Bland
movement. It was soon dissipated, how
ever. As the day wore along the Bland
forces recovered from the shock, and to
night are as gamy as ever. It was
rumored that Mr. Bland himself would
arrive in the morning. I inquired at head
quarters as to the foundation of this story,
and found that Mr. Bland was still engaged
gathering his hay crop on his farm at
Lebanon, and would thus be occupied
until long after the Democratic conven
tion bad selected its Presidential candi
date, and the delegates had scattered to
their homes. Tne fact is that, while the
Bland boom showed indications of weak
ness on the surface, its foundation walls
were unshaken.
Besides the caucus of the Illinois dele
gation, which was held during the day,
demonstrated that Bland was |the favorite
Illinois will vote as a unit. This gives the
Missourian a great lead. His managers
are confident that by Tuesday morning all
the silver States will have declared for him.
One tall, lanky delegate from "Mizzury"
said that everything was over but the
shouting, and he went off on the still hunt
to find a long-haired poet capable of writ
ing a few stanzas of a new and original
battle-cry for freedom.
"There is no question that Mr. Bland
will be nominated," said Mr. Stone to me
to-day. "He may not succeed on the first
ballot, but will win out in the end. There
is no question about it. We are not the
least bit alarmed over the little demonstra
tion of Teller. He is a eood man, but tbe
sentiment of the majority of the delegates
is undoubtedly for Bland. We can safely
say that Bland is the man of the hour."
"I have no doubt but that by the time
the States are called for a ballot on candi
dates for President," said Senator Farras
of Missouri, the Hanna of the Bland boom,
"there will be only one man in the
country, and that man will be Bland of
Missouri. The majority of the Western
States have already united upon him. I
do not rezard the Teller boom seriously.
It is already on the wane. It was only a
Fourth of July firecracker after all. This
is a Democratic convention. Mr. Teller
does not r. present the Democracy. He
only thinks as we do upon one issue and
that is the free and unlimited coinage of
silver at 16 to L"
"^Vhat part will the tariff have in the
coming National campaign?" I inquired
of Senator Farras.
"It will probably take a secondary
place," he replied. '"Democracy believes
in a tariff for revenue only ; that is a rev
enue sufficient to run the Government.
No, the revenue at present does not seem
to be sufficient to run the Government,
and the convention may declare for an in
crease of duties on some articles of im
portation. That, however, is a matter
which I am not prepared to discuss at this
time."
The boom of Pennoyer, which has been
locked up in a glass-case at the Palmer
House, was unpacked to-day. Life-size
lithographs of the Webfoot statesman were
strung about the corridor beneath pictures
of Boies of lowa, Bland of Missouri, Mat
thews of Indiana and Patterson of Penn
sylvania. When the pictures were hung
up Dr. Mullineux, a delegate from Oregon,
a man with a large frame and loud voice,
forced his way through the seething mass
of humanity in the lobby, and shouted
long and loud for his candidate for
the Presidency: "Rah, Rah! P-E-N-
N-O-Y-E-R."
The cry was taken up by the other en
thusiasts of the Oregonian, and for more
than an hour the name of the distin
guished ex-Governor rang throughout the
hotel.
"Look at him," shouted the Oregonians
in one voice: "he is the peer of them all.
TaKe down those other pictures; they are
the pictures of boys compared to him. He
is born to lead men. Rah ! rah ! rah 1 Pen
noyer.
The sound-money men do not seem to
be making many converts to their cause.
They are making a desperate fight. All
the big gold leaders of the country are
arriving on every train. The scene about
the headquarters of the Palmer House to
day was one of great excitement and
numerous conferences were being held.
Whitney and Hill were busy all day mar
shaling their men into line. Senator
Vest of Missouri was early on the scene.
Don M. Dickinson took a lively interest in
the events of the day. President James
J. Hill of the Great Northern Railway con
tributed his energies to the task of gather
ing in recruits for the gold army. The
gold men say that they will accept no
compromise. They will fight the ."silver
men to a finish. The monster demonstra
tion of the gold men to-night was ad
dressed by all the leaders of that wing of
the party. The silver men are, however,
holding the key to the situation, and will
probably unlock the door to the Coliseum
next Tuesday morning.
Frank McGcire.
PROTECTION AND SILVER.
J-udge Powers Tells of the Stand of
the Utah Delegation
at Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., July 4.— Wnen the star
of Utah was placed on the flag at noon to
day, matting the forty-fifth State in the
Union there was ereat rejoicing at the
headquarters at the delegation in the
.f aimer House.
Many who had labored incessantly for
the elevation of Utah to the sisterhood of
States were present. They congratulated
each other upon the fulfillment of their
mission. They were happy in the thought
that their work was done. They gloried
in the knowledge that a new epoch had
opened in the history of their State.
There was no talk of race prejudices, no
word of religious reproach. AH united
with hearty enthusiasm in hailing the
dawn of a new and better day m the life
of the people of Utah.
The headquarters have been handsomely
draped with National colors, and pictures
of noted statesmen and history-makers ot
the country hang upon the walls. Judge
O. W. Powers, chairman of the delegation,
received me cordially when I called upon
him this afternoon. He talked free silver
and protective tariff. He has already pre
pared the tariff plank which he would like
to have inserted in the Democratic plat
form. It reads as follows:
"We favor the imposition of duties to
meet the demands of the Government for
revenues, such revenues to be adjusted so
as to operate equally throughout the conn
try and not discriminate between classes
or sections."
In other words Judge Powers and the
delegates in Utah want the mining, milling
and manufacturing industries of the West
protected as well as those in the East. He
wants to have the woolen manufacturer
of New England protected against the
cheap European importations as well as
the lead and copper producer of the RocKy
Mountains. The tariff nlank which Judge
Powers suggests is taken from the old
Walker platform of 1840.
It is believed that if it is adopted by the
convention the followers of Senator Teller
and a great many Republicans would be
more inclined to vote the Democratic
ticket with the free silver platform than
they otherwise would; at least this is the
idea of the Utah people. They freely con
fess <hat the platform of 1892 is flavored
too much with free trade to suit the peo
ple of their State. They declare that Pres
ident Cleveland and tbe other Democratic
free-trade leaders have taken their ideas
entirely from th« Atlantic Coast, io the
absolute exclusion of the Pacific Coast's
interests.
"It was Henry Watterson who drafted
the tariff platform of 1892," said Judge
Powers, "aud in a fiery speech before the
Chicago convention at that time suc
ceeded in having it adopted, while it did
not reflect the sentiment of a majority of
the delegates. It favors the Eastern coast
entirely. Now we want a tariff that will
operate more equally throughout the
United States, and that is the object of the
resolution which Utah has prepared and
which Mr. Rawlins, who will be our mem
ber of the committee on platform, will
present at the proper time.
"Who do you lavor as the party candi
date for President?" I inquired.
"Utah is for Bland." replied Judge
Powers," but;any candidate with a sound
silver record will be acceptable."
"How will Teller suit your people?" I
asked.
"Utah will support him loyally," was
tbe answer.
There has been some talk to-day about
Teller and McLean as the ticket. I under
stand that such a combination has been
made. It is quite apparent the Teller
forces are not wasting any time in press
ing forward the merits of their candidates.
Whether or not they have the power to
force a nomination remains to be seen. T.
W. Warn per, a mining man of Utah, who
just arrived from New York where be has
Deen spending the summer, told jne to
day that the sentiment in favor of the
free coinage of silver was growing rapidly
at Gotham.
A circular letter was received at the
Utah headquarters to-day from N, W. Har
ris & Co., bankers, of Chicago. It sets
forth that the firm had loaned out in West
ern securities $110,000,000, and of tnis sum
$481,000 was scattered throughout the State
of Utah. The letter intimated that if a
free silver platform were adopted by the
Chicago convention it would cause a "finan
cial panic and also the clients of the bank
in question •vrere aiding to bring it about.
The Utah delegates, however, were in no
way disturbed by this prediction. They
will continue the fight for free silver. And
the present creditors of the State now bo
happy in its new suit of clothes don't
want to play in its back yard if there are
thought to be others that do.
Frank McGuibi.
IN CONCILIATORY SPIRIT.
William C. Whitney Wants the Fight
to Be on Mild and Per
suasive Lines. j
CHICAGO, 111., July 4.— Some of Mr.
Whitney's friends say he has been placed
in a false position by overz?alous support
ers of the gold standard. One of the most
prominent of the men who accompanied
Mr. Whitney to Chicago said to-day that
Mr. Whitney did not come here to be ag
gressive, but came in a conciliatory spirit.
He wanted his fight to be one of mildness
and persuasion, and did not desire the
prominence which he has attained as the
leader of the forces opposed to the adop
tion of a straightout silver platform.
"Mr. Whitney feels somewhat annoyed
by the false position in which he has been
placed," said this gentleman. "He wants
to bring about harmony by mild persua
siveness, and not by an aggressive fight
against the silver man." - ' -" :
The ■Massachusetts people are saying
to-day that George Fred Williams should
not stand as one of the Massachusetts' dele
gates in view of his published interview
snowing a leaning toward silver, and they
may make an effort to get him to with
draw. They base this feeling on the
ground tl at Mr. Williams was selected by
a convention that declared in favor of the
gold standard, and he therefore does not
represent the feeling of the Democracy of
the State.
• ■, ■
SOME FAVOR A BOLT.
Sound-Money Men Not Yet Decided
as to Their Course In the
Convention.
CHICAGO, 111., July 4.— The question
of a bolt by the gold men is engaging a
great deal of attention and is the principal
theme of discussion about some of the
sound-money headquarters. At present it
does not appear that there will be any gen
eral movement in that direction, as each
State will act in accordance with the views
of the members of the delegation thereof.
In Illinois there is every indication of a
purpose to put a gold ticket in the field.
The Cook County sound-money Democrats
held a convention some days ago and
nominated a county ticket, at the same
time electing delegates to a State conven
tion, which will be called after the Na
tional Convention shall have finished its
business and the condition of affairs then
known.
The reports were current to the effect
that some members of the Illinois delega
tion havo revolted agaiust Altgold's domi
nation and will refuse to be bound by his
directions. Friends of the Governor, how
ever, smile at these reports and say the
delegation will do as it has heretofore
done, register the Governor's wishes with
out question and without division.
John T. Dye of Indianapolis, general at
torney of the Big Four Railroad Com
pany, one of the committee of sound
money men from Indiana, now on the
field, says he sees no other course for the
onponents of the free-silver idea to pursue
than to bolt the platform and nominee.
"1 take no stock in the proposition to
make no opposition in the convention to
the action of the majority. To do so binds
us to inaction during the campaign. No
benefit can come to the cause of sound
money by the adoption of that policy."
SENATOR JONES' LETTER.
In Preparing the Silver Campaign
He Will Be Guided by the
Majority.
CHICAGO. 111., July 4.— Senator J. K.
Jones of Arkansas, chairman of the steer
ing committee, to whom has been confided
the preparation of the silver men's plan of
campaign, this afternoon sent to the
leaders of the silver delegations this letter:
Chicago, 111., July 4.
Dear Sir: We would be glad to know if
your delegation agrees with us in the convic
tion that the best interests of the cause we all
have a (heart would be advanced by having
the p lat form and nominations practically de
termined by the silver men of the country.
Please let me know at the earliest possible
moment if your delegation agrees in this
movement. Very truly yours,
Jambs K. Jokes.
Senator Jones will bo euided as to his
course in calling a general conference of
silver men by the way the majority
answer.
Altgreld Returns.
CHICAGO, 111., July 4.— Governor Alt
geld returned to the scene of political strife
to-day irom his official home at Spring
field, where he has been for two days re
cuperating from the enervating; effects of
the preliminary skirmish. He was non
commital in speaking of the chairman
ships and Presidential preferences of the
Illinoisans.
SPEEDING ON
TO CHICAGO,
Californians Greeted by
Poor but Patriotic
People.
A STRAW BALLOT TAKEN
ON THE TRAIN.
Men From the Golden State Vote
Solidly for Senator Stephen
M. White.
FARMEES GIVE THE DELEGATES
SOME ADVICE.
Congressman Maguire Sends to "The
Call" the Views of Some of
the Delegation.
MISSOURI VALLEY, lowa., July 4.—
Our train became unwieldy and was di
vided at daylight this morning into two
sections, both of which are rolling at the
rate of fifty miles an hour through the
beautiful and fruitful valley of the North
Platte toward Chicago.
It is the Fourth of July and the towns
along the road are paily decorated with
flues and bunting. The people are poor,
but patriotic Most of them will never be
able to pay the mortgages that encumber
their homes, but they are still self-reliant
and even hopeful. Their crops are fine
this year, but they complain that none of
their abundant product will command any
money. They see the strong arm of the
Government exerted to limit both the
kind and the volume of the people's
money, and in their distress they cry out
for the removal of the limitation.
They are looking to Chicago as the
mecca of their temporal salvation. They
seem to regard our gathering there aa
something more than a Democratic
National Convention— as a sort of con
ference for the defense of popular rights
against the aggressions of the gold mon
opolifcts.
Though a majority of those who meet
us at the depots are not Democrats, they
do not hesitate to advise ua as to our
course at Chicago. A majority of them
are for Teller, many for Bland, but all are
for the free and unlimited coinage of
silver. At Lexington, Xebr., some practical
joker had circulated the report that
Senator Teller was on our train, and upon
our arrival we found a Jar*e gathering of
the people waiting to greet him. In reply
to their repeated calls, Mr. Dwyer and I
assured them that Teller was not on
board. They were disappointed, but good
naturedly advised us to vote for him in
Chicago. One old gentleman, who told 113
that he was a Republican-P pulist, said:
"It don't matter w; at good silver man
you nominate, let us all try and put a
stop to the control of our money system by
the Morgan syndicate. It has demon
strated its control not only of all available
gold, but of ihe greenback currency also."
Mr. McDaniel of the Rait Lake Herald
took a straw ballot on the train last night,
resulting: Bland 50, Teller 30, White
26, Whitney 8, Boies 8, and a number
scattering, one vote being cast for Cleve
land. The California delegation voted for
White and the Utan and Idaho delega
tions for Bland. Most of the delegates ab
stained from political discussion to-day.
Mr. Dwyer said :
"When I left California I had formed no
choice for the Presidential nominee, other
than that he should be a man who could
stand honestly and consistently on the
platform. It is a foregone conclusion that
the platform and the candidate will be for
silver at 16 to L lam beginning to feel
that the choice of the convention will ulti
mately fail on either Boies of lowa or Mat
thews of Indiana. lam personally await
ing our arrival at Chicago before
making up my mind. 1 would
like to see the California delegation
combine on the man that seems to have
the most solid backing in the tier or
States comprising Ohio, Indiana, Illinois
and the Northwest, because this, I think,
is where the fighting will be the hottest in
November, and where the Democracy must
win or lose. Boies has an advantage over
Matthews in having a more extended Na
tional reputation, but the latter offsets
this by the fact that Indiana, being a
closer State than lowa and more neces
sary to Democratic success, would be more
likely to be won by Matthews than by any
body else."
Dr. D. F. Ragan, who has heretofore
been reticent, was quite enthusiastic to
day. He said :
"I regard the coming gathering of the
Democratic clans at Chicago as a memor
able one, one that will not be eclipsed by
the epoch-making convention of 1860.
Great and vital issues are at stake. The
people's interest in the question is
thoroughly aroused, and by a common
impulse the masses are moved to raise
aloft the banner of silver and throw down
the gauntlet at Chicago to the moneyed
class, whom they regard as their enemies
in advocating th» single gold standard.
The issue of 1860 was not more vital than
this, and as the seeds of that great issue
were sown long before the battle was
waged so the present issue is not
a sudden outbreak, bnt the calmination
of a series of attacks long since
inaugurated against the white metal. The
Democracy is characterized as silver mad,
but it seems, indeed, as if there is a method
in its madness. As the party of the people,
it has interpreted the people's wants and
proceeds to give them such relief as they
demand — the free and unlimited and inde
pendent coinage of silver at the ratio of 16
to 1. This is to be the main plank in the
platform. It makes no difference whether
UDon auch a plank we place Bland, Boies,
Slbiey or Stevenson, the Democracy will
win in November."
The delegation will meet to-morrow af
ternoon in the Great Northern Hotel, Chi
cago. James G. Magthre.
SELECTING A CHAIRMAN.
All the Sliver Leaders Will Agree
Upon a Man to Preside Over
the Convention.
CHICAGO, 111., July 4.— The silver
forces devoted themselves this morning to
conferring with each other as to who
would be the most acceptable man among
them to present for temporary chairman.
j The silver men did not meet in formal
conference, but Senators Jones and Har
ris, Governor Altgeld and other leaders
held a meeting and sent for the leaders
of the silver men in the respective delega
tions and discussed with them, separately,
the merits of the various persons men
tioned in connection with the temporary
chairmanship of the convention. Among
the names thus canvassed were those of
Charles S. Thomas of Colorado, H. D.
Money of Mississippi, Senator Harris of
Tennessee and J. D. Richardson of Ten
nessee.
Mr. Thomas is developing more strength
than any of the men named, and as he is a
member of the National Democratic Com
mittee it is claimed by his supporters that
he way receive the indorsement of his
fellow members on personal grounds.
After the Jonea silver committee shall
have learned the consensus of opinion of
the silver men, it is the intention to ac
quaint the silverites on the National Com
mittee with the selection of the silver
forces for temporary chairman, and an
nounce that their man will receive the
solid support of the silverites, under
authority conferred by the first silver con
ference and reaffirmed by yesterday's
meeting. The Jones sub-committee has
entire charge of the matter, and can rec
ommend the temporary chairman without
calling for a further conference. The sub
committee will, however, be puided in its
selection of a temporary chairman solely
Dy the degree of unanimity which the sil
ver leaders and delegates express for any
one man. In case of pronounced division
of sentiment in the matter a further con
ferenca will be held. The names and ad
dresses of the leaders in each delegation
are in possession of Chairman Jones, and
a conference can be assembled within an
hour's notice.
TELLER TALKS MILDLY.
Would Vote for Bland or Boles or
Even Stevenson for the
Presidency.
DENVER, Colo., July 4.— Senator Tel
ler passed most of the day in his office re
plying to his more important letters. He
does not wish at this time to submit to a
formal interview, but to the United Press
correspondent in a confidential talk he ex
pressed himself clearly and positively
upon several phases of the political situa
tion.
"The people of the country," said he,
"need have no fear of the position of the
Republicans who left the tit. Louis con
j vention. Neither McKinley nor the plat
form there adopted can claim any one of
us at any time. If we don't get what we
want in Chicago we shall go to St. Louis,
and, failing there, we will be like many
other men of the country — we will not
vote at ail. It is preposterous to talk of
protection with snch a 'platform as that
made by the St. Louis convention. Why,
I would rather vote a free trade ticket
than that. You simply cannot get protec
tion on a gold platform. No, there is no
doubt about the loyalty of the friends of
silver and bimetallism who left the St.
Louis convention. We shall support the
Democratic ticket if it gives us a clear
platform and an undoubted silver candi
date, aud I expect to do some talking in
j California and down East as far as Illinois
for our cause in any event.
"We are uniting all over the Nation for
Americanism and American ideas. I have
no patience with men who think we can
not establish an independent financial
policy as well as an independent political
policy. We don't ask England to dictate
our political ideas, and why should we in
financial matters? I have been asked to
speak at the dedicatory exercises of the
Eisteddfod Pavilion to-night, and I had
expected to say only a little and nothing
of a political nature, but thinking over the
subject to-day I have concluded that it
might be well to take advantage of this
National holiday to touch up the people
to a desire for a little more Americanism.
We need more of the spirit of independ
ence, more confidence in our great country
and in ourselves. Reaily this is the bot
tom of the wtiole controversy. Are we an
independent people V,
"I would prefer not to talk about the
Chicago situation," he replied to a query,
and with a smile added: "It's rather em
barrassing just now. I don't want to say
a word thatmigbt embarrass the stanch
friends of mine there whose soie ambition
is to secure the return of bimetallism. So
far as I am personally concerned, I could
willingly vote for Bland. I could vote for
Boies."
"How about Stevenson?"
"Stevenson is all right on the silver
question. He is a good man but very
modest. Had he come out six months ago
and declared his candidacy no power on
earth could have prevented his nomina
tion. But he held back because Morrison,
from the same State, was out for the Pres
idency, and modestly deferred to another
Democrat from his own State."
"Would you vote for Stevenson?"
"Yes, for his silver views are sound, but
it is not candidates we are lighting for, it
is bimetallism and our country's pros
perity. In any event we must unite the
silver forces and thereby carry the elec
tions next fall. I dont want to prejudice
the cause of any of the Chicago candidates
and I have been frank with you only to
show you my position. lam a sincere ad
mirer of Mr. Bland and, as I have told you,
I will vote for him if he is nominated. I
don't individualize because of preference,
but only to illustrate my position."
BLAND AND VICTORY.
Nicholas Bell Says That the Missouri
Statesman Will Surely Be
Nominated.
CHICAGO, 111., July 4.— Hon. Nicholas
M. Bell. Superintendent of the Foreign
Mai Service, who is in charge of the
Missouri headquarters, has sent the fol
lowing signed note to the United Press:
Richard Parks Bland will be nominated for
President. No combination can now prevent
it Tne other gentlemen named are good and
worthy, and any one of tham, under other
conditions, might be favorably considered
But BlaDd has won the hearts of the peode
and hardly a township in the country but
echoes his name. Ha is the ideal candidate
No scandals in private or official life attach to
him. He haa iived a life worthy of every cit
izen's emulation and his name at the head of
the National ticket is a forerunner of victory.
Nicholas If. Bell.
Vigor
And vitality are quickly given to every
part of the body by Hood's Sarsaparilla.
Th h. a • "£ a 3 <l uick! y overcome.
The blood is purified, enriched and vital-
ized, and carries health and not disease to
every organ. The appetite is restored and
the stomach toned and strengthened
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The One True Blood Purifier. All druggists. $1.
Honri'*? Pilk are tne onl y p llu to tak «
nUUU 0 rllls with Hood's SaraparUla.
DIV Mm Mr? Mf JEW Jm m Mr^^^TT^^
Is the light that will brine a great
I glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak Dody can be made. . Hndyan is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This -
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful, how harmless
it is. You can *et it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write -
for circulars and testimonials. _ T \:
The extraordidary Rejuvenator is the
most wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
has been indors d by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
• HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharge in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous switchings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
aa cheap as any other remedy.
. HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over £000 pri-
vate indorsements.
[i Preniatureness means imnotency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of 6eminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Sena for circulars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— impure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, curries myriads of son-
producing {terms. Tnen come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, mcers in mouth, old sores and
falling nair. You can save a trip t<» Hot Springs
by wrltiug for ••.Blood Book ' to the old physicians
or the
HUDSON JUKDICAI, INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
STILL SULLIVAN'S
THEY SUMMER
GO TANS
With a rush. Tans are what's wanted. We've all
the late shapes. Our stock is too large. We must
unload. We sold lots last week. | This week we
expect b!g results. It's vacation time. Young-
sters want shoes. Want 'em to wear. • We've got
'em. Just the shoes needed and prices that will
make shoe-buying a pleasure.
LOT H— l4oo pairs of child's best O. K.
Tan Goat Bu: on. new narrow square
toe and tip, solid oak tan soles, sewed, AC
sizes 6 to 8 OK)
LOT 1—978 pairs of child's best O. K.
Tan Goat Button, same as lot U, only 3} "1 .00
in sizes Bi/a toll) V 2 «H>l
LOT J— 369 pairs of Misses' best O X Tan
■Ooat ton, same as lot 11, only in © 1 .25
.», sizes 1 1 to a .«J)X-—
The Above are specials. ■*■ The wear of every
pair is warranted. We have them In all widths. -
. Out-of- own orders filled on same 'lay received.
Send for the Sullivan Money -saver, ihe book
containing all the new styles at right prices.
SULLIVAN'S,
MONEY-SAVERS IN SHOES,
18-20-22 Fourth Street.
Tubular Hubs, Narrow Tread,
Humber Chain, Double Fork
Crown, New and Simple Crank
Shaft Device.
EXAMINE THEIR BEARINGS. „
"TWO-POINT" PRINCIPLE,
Proven by Experts the Most
Perfect Yet Invented.
nOLBROOK, MERRILL &STETSOI,
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS,
Market & Beale Sts., 233 J Street. '
SAN FRANCISCO. SACRAME.MO.
TS THE VERY BESX O-VK To KXAMINB
J- your eyes and fit u» em M spectacles and Ky2
glasses with. Instruments of bu own invention. !
wlwsesnperiorlty has not been equaled. Mj ma! /
CSUhas been due to tbe meriu 01 my WO£^ /
Office Hour*— Vi 10 4 v. ■■ ■ I
THE SUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES GRILL ROOM
— — -Oi' THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET SI
UPKN UK Til. MIBSIGHT.
■)!i'SiH' !' FiFTY-DOLLAR
|Mtii|ELECTRii! BELTS
Wy)?m ; aftftMPr r for S2O. and $30 Belts
> forsls; alsogood belts for
•nw* r^^jtiMyi $5. Latest patent and all
■V ' -^laf 1 improvements. 09". Call
>i£&> - "• or write for new pamphlet
:W; .No. 2. Address 08,
riERCK & SON, 704 Sacramento st., cor. Kearuy,
second, third ana fourth floors, San Francisco. -
KKIINHrS^ bootblacks, bath-
M ll W%SSBKm Kg houses, - billiard-
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cansera,
dyers, - flourmills, - foundries, - laundries, . paper-
hangers, primers, painters, shoe factories, ataol*-
• teen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc I
_ - .__ -BOCHANAS BROS.,
t Brush Manufacturers. 609S»acr»mea«»MtPROTECTION
AN ISSUE,
Gold Men Find a Weak Spot
in the Armor of the
Silverites.
LEADERS SPEAK AT A
MASS-MEETING.
Perplexities of Managers in Deal
ing With a Plank Relat
ing to Tariff.
ADVOCATES OF THE SINGLE
STANDARD HOPEFUL.
Developments Show That They Will
Receive More Courtesy Than
Was Expected. «
Headquarters U>ttep Preps, 1
Herald Bttilding, r
Chicago, 111., July 4.)
The climax of to-day's ante-conventional
developments was the mass-meeting of tin
gold men in the Auditorium this evening.
The speeches of ex-Governor Russell oi
Massachusetts, Senator Gray of Deiawar.
and District Attorney Fellows of New
York wer • vigorous enough in their de
nunciation of the line of action which Ihe
convention is bent on taking on the silver
question, but they stopped short of sug
gesting a remedy or any plan by which
the "sound money" advocates could bop>
to stem the current. now setting sostrongiy
against them.
Governor Russell's remarks particularly
brought out in strong relief the difficulty
■ which is beginning to loom before the sil
ver managers— what to do with the tariff.
Nearly all the bolting Republican dele
gates at St. Louis declared that their State
were solid for tree silver and protection.
Oovernor Russell seized upon this point
and asserted that if Republican protection
■wa= ri<;ht in principle then silver legisla
tion wa? equally so; but if protection was
wrong in principle, unlawful and op
pressive in practice, as the Democratic
party had ever declared and still declared,
then silver legislation was equally so and
oucht to receive equally empliatic con
demnation. This point was obviously di
rected against the arguments advanced in
favor of the selection of Senator Teller a?
the free-silver standard-bearer, he being
also an earnest advocate of protection,
and as such its force was appreciated.
The effect will undoubtedly be to aug
ment the perplexities which the managers
are finding in dealing with the tariff plank
of the platform.
The gold men took some courage from
the developments of the clay, and to-night
pxprp«= a confidence that they will re
ceive much more consideration in the
convention at the hands of the silver men
than they had heretofore felt was to be
their portion. Controller Eckels said:
"The silver men have been talking to
day of a desire to secure harmony in the
convention, and several gold men with
whom they have talked tell me that in
their opinion there will be a material mod
ification of the programme that has been
announced by some of the rad'eal silver
men. There will be no attempt to cut off
discussion —no single-day convention,
based upon the idea that only silver men
are to take part in its proceedings. They
recosnize, I thirk, that there is an election
to be held befdre the decrees of the conven
tion can be executed. Harmony is what
the; 1 need."
In the constantly changing estimates a<
to the probabilities of success of the va
rious candidates, the boom of the lowa ex-
Governor, Boies, assumed much promi
nence to-day. It transpired in the course
of the day that the telegram which brought
ex-Governor Boies to Chicago was closely
connected with the reported revolt in the
ranks of the Illinois delegation against the
alleged dictatorial policy of Governor Alt
geld. It is asserted that under the leader
ship of Delegate William Prentiss of the
.Seventh Illinois District the support of
thirteen Illinois delegates has been ob
tained for the lowa man.
Some prominent Ohio men this evening
were circulating the statement that John
R. McLean was not to be considered in
the lield for second place. "The ticket
will include John R. McLean," said Beriah
Wilkins, with a significant emphasis, ' 'and
don'i you overlook it."
The action of the Indiana delegation in
refusing to send a representative to the
silver confer* nee at the Sherman House
last night has aroused a feeling of an
tagonism to Governor Matthews' candi
dacy, and has also set afoot a movement
for a caucus of al! the silver forces for
Monday next. This movement is being
pushed by Senator-elect Money of Missis
sippi, ex-Con pressman Casey Young of
Tennessee, National Committeeman
Thomas of Colorado and Delegate Haynes
of Idaho.
They desire to thus agree upon a full
slate of officers and candidates to be voted
for by the silver forces. Delegate Cockran
of Missouri expressed the sentiment of the
extreme silver element when he declared
to-day that for a silvei man to be nomi
nated by aid of ''goldbupß" would cast a
'•blight upon the ticket and disparage its
nominee in the eyes of true^silver men."
As the power to call a caucus is vested in
Senator Jones and his sub-committee,
preat pressure is brought on the commit
tee. The Matthews people are opposed to
such a programme and are fighting it at
every stage.
With all these diverging interests clash
ing it will readily be perceived that thus
far the securing of the Democratic free sil
ver nomination on this glorious Fourth of
July remains anybody's light
"SOUND MONEYS" FRIEND.
Franklin MacVeagrh and Ex-Gov-
ernor Russell Speak at a
Meeting.
CHICAGO, 111, July 4.— A public meet
in« of the friends of the "sound money' 5
cause was held this evening in the Audi
torium, a theater connected wiih the ho
tel of t! at name and capable of holding
about 7000 spectators. There was not v
vacant seat to be had wwhetn t the serious
business of the evening began, the hour
between 7 and 8 beine; tilled up by select
pieces of music given by the band of the
First Regiment.
On the piatform were seated Senator )
Gray of Delaware, John R. Fellows of
Nt-w York, Franklin MacVeagh of Chicago
and many other prominent supporters of
the sound money cause and a mrge num
ber of ladies, while Mr. W T hitney occupied
a seat in one of the boxes.
The meeting was called to orde^ by ex-
Governor Flower of New York, who, after
a short speech, introduced as tbe first
speaker Mr. Franklin MacVeagh as "the
prominent financier of Chicago."
Mr. MacVeagh said this great assem
blage had gathered because the Nation
and the Democratic party were brought
face to face with an impending crisis.
Thirty-six years ago— in 1860 — a memora
ble Democratic convention had met.
Then also the Nation and the Democratic
party stood face to face with an impend
ing crisis. Then the unity of the Nation
was at stake. Now its honor is at
stake. That honor had to be pre
served. The agonies and waste of war,
North and South, would turn to wanton
ness in the pages of the Nation's history,
if the country should have been preserved
only to become a defaulter and to pay its
debts with frfty-cent dollars. Continuing,
MacVeagh said :
"Many of us are earnest bimetallists,
eager to see silver and gold made equal in
the coinage of our country. That wnich
for this crisis unites bimetallists and gold
monometallfcts is the awful specter of
silver monometallism ; for the free coinage
of silver at 16 to 1 by this Nation alone is
silver monometallism — and by all the un
changeable laws which govern the
economics of nations, it mutt be that and
nothing else. The fact that silver mono
metallists will not argue for silver mono
metallism, but use the arguments of
bimetallism, makes their propaganda
misleading and dangerous; but it does not
change its aims, nor would it change the
dreaded results. We cannot hope to ap
peal with success to all the silver dele
gates. The great body of them would not
iisten to even persuasion. The wild
character of the movement is shown in its
fury and anger. But there must be many
-ilver delegates who find themselves oat
of touch with fury and recklessness, and
who can still be made to see where this
passion and excitement is carrying them
and their party and possibly their country.
To their sober reason this meeting is an
appeal.
"Unless the silver men with conserva
tive tempers intervene, unless those inter
vene whose patriotism Is more precious to
;hem and whose Democracy is more
precious to them than adherence to a
-ingle idea, this majority will sweep the
convention. Where will it sweep to? It
wiil sweep it into hostility with the abid
.ng sentiment of the people — that- senti
uent which is the sinele defense of the
Nation. It will sweep it into hostility
A'ith the .abiding conscience of the Nation
—that conscience whose sober rigor will
tbate ail sophistries which make against
the honor of the Nation.
"For what will the aim be — what will
the proposition be? To pay the Nation's
debt in 50-cent doiiars. And that is Na
tional dishonor. For quibble as we may
quibble as Horace Boies has lately been
quibbling— the National debt is payable in
the equivalent of gold. That is the bere
business* fact, backed by the conscience of
dispassionate Americans and the con
science of the worid.
"Silver monometallism means havoc, it
means ruin, it means the prostration of al:
business, all finance, all manufacturing — by
a cyclone of panic. There is but one class of
men who could be benefited. The silver
miner could not be, for he would throw
away for a temporary and irresponsible
outlet in this market all his hopes of that
permanent and responsible outlet which
is only obtainable through the consent of
the leading nations. The farmer would
not be benefited, for if he got a silver
dollar for his 50-cent wheat bis dollars
would be worth only 50 cents. There is,
1 say, but one class who would be bene
fited, and that class was described by Al'
?eld in his speech at Peora when h
spoke openly of himself as a man with a
great deal ol property covered by a great
deal of debt.
"It will defeat the Democratic party.
That is the faith of the business world —
and for that faith they thank Heaven daily.
The Democratic party can stand defeat in
a worthy cause, if necessary; it can stand
extinction, for it has a glorious history
that will live. What it cannot stand is the
odium of silver monometallism and of pal
tering with the honor of the Nation and
the prosperity of the people.
"If the convention declares for free
coinage at VI to 1 by this Nation alone,
that action will not be Democratic action.
It will be Populistic action. A Democratic
convention may turn Populistic and many
Democrats may turn Populists, but a mil
lion Democrats will remain Democrats.
I No wave of Populism can sweep them off
their feet."
Mr. MacVeagh closed, with introducing
to the meeting as the man who, under
other circumstances, might have been the
Presidential nominee, the Hon. William
E. Russell of Massachusetts. [Cheers.]
Ex Governor Russell then addressed the
meeting as follows:
"We have met on tbe eve of onr National
Convention to take counsel together for
the promotion of the welfare of our party
and our country. We meet with no per
i sonal ambition to serve, with no threat
upon our lips and with no purpose to ques
tion the sincerity or honesty of any Dem
ocrat, however radical the differences
within our ranks; but we are painfully
conscious of the palpable fact that for the
first time within a generation, and for tin*
second time only in its hundred years of
honorable life, the great National Demo
cratic party is on the point of sectional
and geographical division, with its untold
miseries and disasters. The door is open
for derision, defeat, dishonor; we see new
faces and new principles urging us on, but
we have not yet crossed its threshold. May
God save us from the fatal step.
"In a spirit of unflinching loyalty to a
party which for a lifetime has been to
many of us a guiding faith, of deepest
love to our common country for whom all
would give their blood and life, we ask
the representatives of our party to pause
and without prejudice or passion to con
sider well before committing Democracy
to a radical and novel policy which we be
iieve affects our Nation's honor and we
know must break tbe ties which bind South
and North, East and West, together in an
enduring and triumphant Democracy.
'"The glory of our party has been in the
past and ought now and forever to be ite
broad National character. It has been and
is the people's party. Within its ranks
thus far there has been no room, thank
God, for sectional prejudice, prescriptive
bigotry controlled by selfish interests, or
any influence which would divide us on
goographical, religious or class lines.
Rights, not favors; the people, notclatses;
our country, not its sections, are the max
ims of our Democratic creed.
"Has the time come when we are ready
to surrender these the cardinal principles
of our iaith, to reverse the established
policy of our party, to look to a paternal
Government, to add value to any commod
ity in the interest of class or section, and
as the result of such folly to destroy the
National character of a broad and tolerant
i>emocracy? We are not ready to sar
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
render to Republican protection and throw
that mantle over silver its discarded
shield, nor to abandon our position as the
people's part} r to become, like the Repub
licans, a porty of class and of section.
"For the first time in its history the
Democratic party is urged to make the
cardinal principles of its faith and the
leading issue of its campaign silver mono
metallism — a new and depreciated stan
dard of value. The demand is for free
coinage of silver at 16 to 1, which means
that the power ana lorce of Government
are to be invoked to change our unit of
value and to substitute fifty cents of silver
for a dollar in golJ and then to adjust the
business of tbe country, all wages, earn
ings and savings, all debts and credits, all
public obligations and the National honor
to this depreciated standard. The de
mand comes from a section and a class
and appeals to a paternal government to
give value where none exists. Is this de
mand a sound Democratic principle?
Does it accord with the teaching and
record of our party, with the faith of Jef
ferson and Cleveland, with its unflinching
position always in favor of sound and
hard money, with Us opposition to paper
legal tender and Sherman silver bills, with
its constant, undying enmity against pa
ternalism and protection and its proud
boast of being the people's party, broad
as the Nation, controlled by no class or
section of selfish interest. May the dele
gates here gathered to proclaim our old
Democratic faith put this question to their
consciences before plunging us into heresy
and schism.
"Never yet has this demand been a
plank in any National Democratic plat
form. It was expressly repudiated in the
convention of 1876 and thereafter aban
doned. Three times in twenty years we
have elected a Dem cratic President with
candidate anil platform hostile to such
doctrine, yet cordially supported by a loyal
and united party. If free coinage of silver
is Democratic doctrine it is such doctrine
in the year of our Lord 2896, never in any
year before, nor likely to be in any year
hereafter.
"It is not only a new but a radical de
parture. It destroys our present standard
of value and ends all hope of a bimetallic
standard. No power under heaven has
established and maintained, or ever can, a
bimetallic standard at a ratio where
one coin is given double its intrinsic
value. To make 50 cents of silver
by force of government equal to a dol
lar in gold will, by inexorable laws
of nature, over which government i*
powerless, drive out gold, contract our
currency, depreciate our standard, unset
tle business, impair credit, reduce all
savings and the value of all wages. And
the masses of the people will be the
heaviest losers and tbe greatest sufferers.
Five millions of our people, with nearly
$200,000,000 in our savings banks, will be
paid their claims in a depreciated cur
re»cy; 2,000,000 of our people with life
insurance policies, 3,500,000 who have made
payments to co-operative and frater
nal associations, nearly 7.000,000 of
members of industrial companies — these
and many more, with the millions depend
ent upon them, all will suffer in being
paid in money of less value than they
parted with. And every wage-earner paid
in depreciated money will suffer a reduc
tion of his wages; payment of his present
wages in a 50-cent dollar would reduce
them just one-half. The masses would suf
fer and the great corporations owine these
debts and employers of labor would reap
a benefit at the expense of the people. It
ia the old principle and experience of pro
.ection over again, the power of Govern
ment used to give value and make wealth
for the benefit of the few to the burden
and expense of the many. Surely this
principle has no place in our Democratic
creed.
"This new doctrine, Republican in prin
ciple, is in line with past Republican pol
icy, only just discarded in the hope that
the Democratic party may be deluded into
putting on Republican cast-off clothing.
Only six years ago, coupling protection
with silver, the Republican party passed,
against Democratic protest, the Sherman
law, which soon brought panic and dis
aster, and was repealed upon the unani
j mous demand of the conservative and bus
iness interests of the country. But four
years ago the Nation permitted its free
silver leaders, upon their own confession,
to grant and declare tbe Republican be
lief upon this vital question. Protection
a^ain made its bargain with silver,
deceiving the people with a straddle and
chesting its partner to the trade. And
now it has nominated as it? candidate one
..hose record is more shaky even than
Us own, and whose cowardly silence is
ominous to future trade and commerce.
Can our party of to-day with any sincerity
or jpon any Democratic principle follow
ii these Republican footsteps? Can it
'. ope for any success in repudiating its
i-Tti honorable record? Can it even main
tain its honor and its life in this depart
ure from its own faith?
"May I in closing say a word of the po
litical results? lam not here to utter any
threat of any section of our party. But I
state an evident fact when I say that if
our party takes this false step it will lose
much of its National character, abandon
some of Us great principles and there will
be thousands and tens, yes, hundreds of
thousands of its old soldiers" who cannot
follow it as it pursues its will o' the wisp
under its new and radical leaders. As a
Northern and National Democrat I
implore our brethren in the West
and South, by whose side we would love
to fight, whose principles we have jointly
held, for whose interests we have labored
and suffered and in whose victories we
have done our part, 1 implore them to
save our party from a course which will
rudely break tbe closest ties and send us,
divided and discredited, to a great and
lasting defeat."
Mr. Russell was frequently applauded.
When Jttr. Russell resumed his seat,
amid much cheering, Mr. MacVeagh intro
duced to the audience Senator Gray of
Delaware. Senator Gray defined the meet
ing as a protest against the promulgation
of a dangerous heresy and a departure
from the ancient faith of the Democratic
party. He said there was not a silver
standard country in the world to-day
where the laboring man received fair pay
for a day's work.
When Gray concluded there were loud
calls for Senator Hill. Mr. MacVeagh,
however, informed the audience that Sen
ator Hill was not in the hall. He intro
duced Colonel John R. Fellows of New
York, and at tbe close of his speech (11
p. m.) the meeting was declared adjourned.
McKinley'g Quiet Hay.
CANTON. Ohio, July 4.— Major McKln
ey spent a quiet Fourth, the greater part
of the morning being taken up by the
nominee in signing the enormous number
of letters which his secretaries prepared
for him. .The only decoration on the Mc-
Kinley house was a large American dag."
— » ' ,—,, — , . t ; : '-•,•■
Strrrnaon Welcomed.
CLOOMINGTON, 111., July 4.— Vice-
President Stevenson addressed an immense
crowd at Courthouse square this after,
noon, receiving a hearty welcome. His '
address was simply patriotic, alluding in .
no way to politics, except very generally. ]
COLORADO
POPULISTS,
They Favor a Union of
All the Silver Forces of
the Nation.
BUT THE PARTY MUST
BE MAINTAINED.
Waite's Men Being Shut Out,
They Elect a Rival Dele
gation.
WILL FIGHT OUT THE CASE
AT ST. LOUIS.
Teller's Policy as to Coinage Indorsed
by the Leaders of the Con*
vent ion.
DENVER, Colo., July 4.— The State
Convention of the People's party, held at
the Broadway Theater to-day, selected a
delegation to the % St. Louis convention
that will favor a union of all silver forces,
while maintaining the party organization
and platform. They will work to secure
an indorsement of the Democratic party
nominee in Chicago if he is known to be a
free silver 16 to 1 man. The complexion
of the delegation is such as to secure the
councils and advice of Senator Henry M.
Teller, whose wishes will be consulted be
fore the delegation goes to the National
Convention.
The platform, which is short, indorsed
Senator Teller's course as consistent to
tbe last, advised the adoption of a plank
favoring direct legislation and is fully ex
plicit on the financial question, claiming
the glory of the silver issue as coming
f r om the People's party. The platform is
as follows:
Retolved, By the People's party of Colorado,
in convention assembled, that it adheres to the
time-honored principles of the party as here
tofore declared and abates not a particle of its
loyalty to those principles, nor to the grand
organization which has put them forth. We
the Populists of Colorado learn with pleasure
that the great principle of free coinage of sil
ver at the ratio of 16 to 1, declared first by the
People's party, has become the one distinct
ami pronouueed issue of the day, and we in
vite the co-operation of all citizens to the end
that the principle may become a fact em
bodied in tbe statutory law of the land. Real
izing that the settlement of tbe financial
question Is the paramount issue now before the
American people, we favor such action by our
National Convention as will unify the suoport
of all parties upon a candidate for the Presi
dency who is unqualifiedly in favor of the
free and unlimited coinage of gold and silver
at the ratio of 16 to 1, without waiting for the
action of any other nation.
Resolved, That the mission of tbe People's
l>arty has but begun, and that the organiza
tion should be perpetuated, strengthened and
kept intact to the end that the great princi
ples for which it stands shall ultimately tri
umph.
The last two resolutions were eulogistic
of Teller and declaring for the adoption or
the initiative and referendum.
State Chairman Clark, in calling the con
vention to order, made a personal explana
tion in defense of allegations made in a
leaflet distributed in the convention ball
l>y the followers of the AVaite faction in
this (Arapahoe) county, and he did it
humorously, to the evident enjoyment of
the delegates. As the Waite faction were
contesting for seats the chairman request
ed delegates from Arapahoe County to re
train from participating in the preliminary
organization.
W. J. Kerr of Pueblo was made chair
man. After the usual committees were se
lected, while awaiting the result of the
hearing of the committee on credentials
on the Arapahoe County contest, Hon.
Lafe Pence and Judge John H. Bell, mem
ber of Congress from the Second District,
addressed the convention, both urging a
union of all forces upon the financial
question, leaving other Populist ideas
alone until that issue had been settled.
The Populists must go to St. Louis as
patriots and not as partisans, was Judge
Hell's view of the situation.
The credentials committee refused to
seat the Waite delegates by a practically
unanimous vote and no Waite follower
was recognized in the selection of dele
gates. A strong fight was waged against
Mayor Nicholson of Leadville rs delegate
to St. Louis because he was chairman of
the State Convention two years ago which
was ruled by Waite, but Nicholson was
finally named by a large majority vote.
The women delegates held a caucus and
then demanded representation, which was
granted in the Congressional conventions
held later in the day.
Ex-Governor Waite asked to be permit
ted to address the convention, and, alter
considerable opposition, upon an urgent
plea of T. M. Patterson to grant Waite a
hearing be was given the floor. Waite
formally announced a protest to the action
of the convention in refusing his adher
ents seats and he gave notice that an ap
peal would be made in St. Louis. Then
calling upon his friends to follow hin, be
departed to bold a convention downtown,
where delegates to St. Louis were named.
The delegate? at Inrge are T. M. Patter
son, John C. Bell, Myron W. Reed, J. D.
Hooper, C. H. Conant, 8. D. Nicholson,
H. C. Bolsinger, J. H. Voorhees, W. J.
Kerr, H. G. Clark. Twenty delegates from
the Second and fifteen from the First Con
gressional District were also named and
the convention then adjourned.
WANT A FUSION TICKET.
Washlnarton Silverites Offer a Com
bination for Consideration
at Chicago.
SPOKANE, Wash., July 4.— The follow
ing circular, promulgated by the free
silver forces of this State from all parties,
has been issued. Ten thousand copies
were sent to Chicago, where they will be
stamped with the approval of the Wash
ington delegation:
Without a union of all silver forces success
Is impossible. The action of the National Re
publican Convention makes snch a union Im
jossioleand impracticable without sacrifice
of principle. Nominate for President a Demo
crat whose loyalty to the principle of free and
unlimited coinage of god and silver at the
ratio of ltt to 1 is pronounced and unques
tioned. Tender the nomination for Vice-
President to W. V. Allen of Nebraska. He is a
patriot and statesman. Declare by resolution
In favor of John T. Morgan of Alabama for
Secretary of State and in favor of Henry M.
Teller of Colorado for Secretary of the Treas
ury, positions for which they are eminently
fitted. The country venerates them for their
courage, integrity, ability and patriotism.
In this crisis precedent must be subordi
nated to patriotism. This is the way to unite
all forces that are opposed to the single stand
ard, to high-tariff monopoly, to corruption
monopoly, to trusts and other unlawful com
binations. Do this and the ticket will receive
the electoral vote of the following States:
Alaska, Arkansas, California, Colorado,
Florida. Georgia, Illinois, lowa, Kansas, Ken
tucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Montana, Ne
braska, Nevada, North Carolina, Oregon, South
Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas,
Utah, Virginia. Washington and Wyoming, a
total of 237, to which will be added three
votes from Michigan districts, mating a total
of 240.
HOLDS A BIG LEVEE.
Governor Altgeld Has Particular
Business With the Illinois
Delegates.
CHICAGO, July 14.— The Chief Magis
trate of Illinois held a reception, political
and private, in his parlor to-day at the
Sherman House. He had more callers, by
appointment or otherwise, than any other
silver Governor or Senator or Congress
man who has his headquarters at that
hotel.
John P. Altgeld had particular business
with his fellow-members of the Illinois
delegation. He wanted to know if their
minds had become crystalized during his
address in Springfield on the all-impor
tant question of their choice of candidate
for President. He absorbed all the infor
mation vouchsafed on that and any other
subject, but said little or nothing in return
as to how be stood, except that be favored
a caucus of all the silver delegates to the
convention.
Illinois delegates were not the only poli
ticians whom Governor Altgeld received
behind closed and carefully guarded doors.
Silver leaders from the North, West and
South passed in and out at frequent inter
vals, and from them the Governor learned
the exact status of the situation to date.
Kepresentatives of all the Presidential can
didates came to see if the Governor would
indicate by word or sign his preferences
Presidentially, but he was cautious to the
point of silence.
Toward the close of the Governor's busy
day he said to a reporter of the United
Press :
"The majority of the Illinois delegates
with whom I have talked to-day are in
clined towards Mr. Bland. A few of them
are for Senator Teller and Mr. Boies, but
they will not count for mnch. I do not
expect much definite development from
to-morrow's caucus of the Illinois dele
gates, but Monday the delegation will get
together again and decide whom to sup
port for Pres ident. I shall do nothing to
influence their discussion, and Mr. Bland
will be as satisfactory to me as any other
candidate if the delegation so wills."
"What will the delegation do toward
meeting a general caucus of the silver
delegates?"
"The delegation will favor the caucus.
The gold men have organized and we
should keep pace with ail their counter
movements. We would get acquainted
with each other in caucus if nothing
more. 1 met delegates from other States,
but they did not tell me who they in
tended to vote for, except that it would be
a 16 to 1 man."
INDIANA ORGANIZED.
Much Opposition to the Re-Elec-
tlon of Secretary Sheerln of
the National Committee.
CHICAGO, 111., July 4.— lndiana's was
the first State delegation to meet for or
ganization, assembling at 3 o'clock this
afternoon in their headquarters, Palmer
House. Senator Turpie presided and was
chosen chairman ot the delegation. Un
usual interest centered in the meeting be
cause it involved the continuance of S. P.
Sheerin, who has been for sixteen years
secretary of the National committee as
the member of that body from Indiana.
Opposition to his re-election developed
for the reason that he is not a free-silver
man and the State delegation is over
whelmingly so. twenty-six to four. Gov
ernor Matthews, it is said, deßires Mr.
Sheerin's re-election. There were twenty
eight of the thirty members of the dele
gation present at the meeting to-day.
When the selection of National commit
teemen was reached it was voted to post
pone action until Monday.
FOR A GOOD DEMOCRAT.
But Colonel McGraw Is Decidedly
Opposed to the Nomination
of Teller.
WHEELING, W. Va., July 4.— From the
tenor of interviews given out to-nieht by
five of West Virginia's twelve delegates
who left for Chicago to-night, the State
delegation will oppose the nomination of
Teller and the abrogation of the two-thirds
rule. In an interview Colonel McGraw
said:
"I am for tbe nomination of any good
Democrat who suits the logic of the situ
ation. Boies or Stevenson would perhaps
suit me better t an the others. lam op
posed to the nomination of Senator Teller,
for I thinkg a Democratic convention
should nominate a Democrat As to the
two-thirds rule, I don't think it should be
abrogated. It has stood the test of fifty
two years and has become an unwritten
law of the party. 1 don't think Mr. Whit
ney and his Eastern men can stem the
silver tide now. It is too late."
IRISH AND BRYAN DEBATE.
They Debate the Currency Ques-
tion In Eloquent Style at ths
Crate Chautauqua.
LINCOLN, Nebr., July 4.—Ex-Congress
man Bryan of Lincoln and Colonel John
P. Irish of California debated the cur
rency question at the Crete Chautauqua
to-day, Mr. Bryan upholding the cause of
silver, while Mr. Irish argued for the gold
standard. There was an immense crowd,
the fame of the two orators Bringing dele
gations from all over the State. Both
speakers were warmly applauded, and
when an incidental reference was made
to Bryan as a possible Presidential candi
date the cheering was prolonged. Each
speaker stoutly maintained his side of the
question, and the arguments advanced
were of suggestions on the leading politi
cal issue of the day. The debate was the
feature of the celebration.
Missouri Delegates Caucus.
CHICAGO, 111., July 4.— At a caucus of
the Missouri delegation to-night Senator
Cockrell was made the member for that
State on the committee on resolutions.
The conference did not adjourn until a
very late hour. Many speeches were made
and plans outlined lor meeting delegates
and Dresenting the claim of Mr. Bland for
tbe nomination. A further meeting will
be held Monday morning, at which the
remaining members of the various conven
tion committees will be agreed upon.
Cady Nominated for Congress.
NORTH PLATTE, Nebb., July 4.— After
an exciting contest of ten hours, A. C.
Cady of St. Paul was late last night~nomi
nated for Congre3S by the Renubticans of
tbe Sixth district. It took forty-three bal
lots to nominate, Judge Aaron Wallace of
LoupCounty being the strong opponent of
the nominee. The platform reiterates the
St. Louis declarations.
NEW ■ TO-DAT.'
'f A/\ Three Prices, any of 'em gems.
M. 11l Cv Three prices that represent val-
SgSHRBHHRKa ues that double the money won't
Cy a ' buy like goods in other stores.
x^\\\yjL\s Facts, mind you, not on paper
EESBESB^SSSI - alone, but in the store.: COST IS
ft -it NOT CONSIDERED or even
wders ! ***** ° f -
' •- •■ ' T Smßmnnm - mn m nEma Three Star Specials for to-day,
a "*M]Wjfiffjl! That pretty Suit like picture
§£\jr^-*^^m on the side, in Steel Gray and
M$L ml^^^^^^^^ Dark Oxford Mixtures, in Ha-
Jfl Bfer-/C^B vana Brown, in Blue and Black
Twill Serge Cheviots, cleverly
1' 11 Three at
£1 $5.00.
,- ,';; ■.'- /" N Those natty and real/ swell
* ' £f£=sp Gg^g> Scotches, in those fashionable
iT Overplaids thafre so swell, some
JcwL^ of those right smart and stylish,
'^^^W^K /fr\!/5)~Y\ Double and Twist Homespuns,
't\ Jr (VI xr ( \ in Blue and Black Twill "Ban-
/|§ \ V / I f ss^ \ nockburn" Cheviots, in Single or
■.^^^m^m'< sSSf^\ \ double Breasted Sacks and Cut-
5 * 'jK\X \ ) OyWays.
pj *- , *\/^v I / /
iL-r^ of tnG
if \X] ' Three at
if y\ qirr pi a
.?-}} % i "" t \ ' 1 1 1 f I'll
p \ \ \ \'/.Kl|
~^^_i/ \ i if if. if.
jrJSfrr-uttuj BTfIISSSEBk. We'll just overwhelm you with
£&\ BL*gHaß tvi%, pretty garments at $11. Black
B& P^C^BMP Jsl^ Clay Worsteds, pretty Twill
W&^wA jfr?f^i3^ ": Worsteds in fancy overplaids, in,
W Ck nHHt^ iH A neat checks, right swell suitings.
Hl^^j-v l^ Bfc^K^ N o wor^ painting can describe
WJg{ X V '''^y,'''-V'^ 'em. In all styles ; very dressy,
mf i V jW f jf^ I T&n high-grade goods, tailored up to
m h\W Three at
) i^^^l I lilr ' XIII \-? w Cv L
■ ■ . ■ - ■ • •
'. Don't you-want our new book, "Hints :
: From a Big Store 1 '? It's a valuable :
'. aid to those that shop by mail. Your '.
'. address, please, and we'll send it to you. '.
• — r :
DANCING OR DRILL MUSIC
An Argument That Caused a
Lively Row at a New
York Picnic
During the Fighting One Hundred
Persons Were Injured and Sev
eral May Die.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 4.— An argu
ment as to whether dancing music or
drill music should De played at the picnic
of the Independent Order of the Late Sol
diers of Russia, held in Sewell's Park, in i
Maspeth, L. 1., to-day, caased a fight
which resulted in the arrest of fifty-nine of
the members and the probable fatal injury
of two Constables.
It is estimated that 100 persons were
more or less hurt. The organization is di
vided into two factions, the regulars and
the independent?. Both factions were
marching to the picnic attended by their
families and they began to fight just as I
they reached the grounds.
The men took sides with their leaders
1 and a wild conflict ensued. They cut and
slashed each other until Mr. Sewell, pro
prietor of the park, called upon Sheriff
Dohl. The Sheriff summoned fifty depu
ties and hastily sent them to the park.
By the time the officers arrived the ma
jority of the men had gone outside the en
closure. Others were still fighting inside
the gates. The fight waxed hot for nearly
an hour after the deputies arrived. They
arrested a number of men.
Constable Sherry had a very bad stab
wouad in the abdomen, which, it is
thought, will kill him. Officer Bowman
was found to have sustained stab wounds,
but hopes are entertained for his recovery.
RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated),
THE FRISCO BOYS,
9, 11, 13, 15 Kearny St.
HANGED BY A. MOB.
Bow a ' Maryland Murderer Celebrated^
the fourth.
ROCKVILLE, Md., July 4. — Sidney ,
Randolph (colored), who was confined in ,
the Montgomery County Jail here for &
brutal assault upon the Buxton family of ,
Gaithersburg, Md., made at their home on
June 25, as a result of which Sadie Bux- I
ton, a nine-year-old daughter, has since
died, was taken from jail at an early hour
this morning by a mob of twenty or thirty
people and hanged.
Randolph protested his innocence and
begged for his life, but his pleas were un
availing. The mob was apparently well
organized and the entire affair was con
ducted quietly and quickly.
The motive for Randolph's assault on
the Buxton family has never been learned,
but it was generally believed that it was
in revenge for Buxton' s testimony in »
case against tbe friend of Randolph.
DRAMATIC SUICIDE.
Young Colombian Shoots Himself \ at ffc».
<7r»t>« of B.i» Wife.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind., July 4.— J. A.
Parra. son of one of the foremost men of j
the United States of Colombia, shot him*
self dead on the grave of his wife in this
city this afternoon. Parra came here six
years ago to attend the Polytechnic Insti
tute. Two years ago. he was married to
Miss Angie E. Bell of this city. A month ,
later she died. At tne church services ,
Parra clung to the casket until forcibly re- \
moved and at the cemetery tried to jump
into the grave- He held a good position,
at Helena, Mont., but has been afflicted
with brain trouble since the death of his t
wife until he had decided to return to Cen- ,'j
tral America. ° He was on his way home
when here to-day. ":
'—— — • .'•.
»an Franciscan* Sail for England, Q
NEW YORK, N.Y., July 4.— Bailed to
day, per City of Paris for. Southampton i
Mr. Backer, Mrs. Beattie, Mrs. H. Focke.
Paul Newman ' Jr., Mrs. A. A. Piretti, all
of San Francisco.
34
PATRIOTISM IN
TAMMANY HALL,
Politics Waived While the
Stars and Stripes
Wave.
SILVERY SPEECHES MADE
Land of the Free and Home of
the Brave Glorified in
Song.
CLEVELAND'S NOTE OF REGRET.
A "Sound Money" Argument, Which
Is Ably Seconded by Senator
D. B. Hill.
NEW YORK.N. V.. July 4.— The Fourth
of July was a great day in Tammany Hall.
Politics were for the nonce laid aside and
patriotism had the call. The social side of
the Tammany Society, or Columbian
Order, made itself manifest in speech and
song glorifying the land of the free, the
home of tue brave, and silver-toncued ora-
tors were listened to and applauded by an
audience that packed Tammany Hall to
the doors.
Letters of regret were received from
President Cleveland, Senator Davia B.
Hill and others. President Cleveland,
after regretting his inability to be present,
said in his letter:
The situation that confronts the country
ar.d the Democratic part y invests with unusual
Impressiveness this commemoration of our
beginning as a nation. When, ns appropriate
to the occasion, our stupendous advancement
is recalled, the fact should not be overlooked
that our progress has not been by chance, but
is the result of a wise observance of the mone
tary laws that control national health and
vigor, aud while we contemplate with pride
the commauding place we occupy among the
nations ot the earth, we should not forget that
this has been gained only through a jealous
preservation of financial soundness and a
careful maintenance of unsuspected public
credit.
The high and firm financial gTonnd which
we have thus far been able to hold should not
be abandoned in the pursuit of a policy never
attempted without National injury and whose
bright promise of individual beneiit has never
been fulfilled. If there is anything in present
condiiions that impeaches experience and in
dicates that we can safeiy change our present
high financial standard for the free, unlimited
and independent coinage of silver they should
be made plainly apparent before such a radi
cal departure finds a place in pariy creed.
The tremendous consequences of a mistake
in dealing with the financial question now
pressed upon us as Democrats should con
stantly make us thoae'ntful and solicitous. I
am confident, therefore, that the voice of
the Tammany Society, always potent in party
counsel, will not fall to be heard In warning
and p'otest on an occasion which especially
inspires patriotism and at a time when the
felicitations of our people appropriate to Inde
pendence day are mingled with apprehension.
Senator Hill wrote as follows:
Having been commissioned by the Democ
racy of the State to attend as one of their dele
gates the approaching National Convention at
Chicago, I find myself unable to accept your
courte«UK invitation. However, & few sugges
tions pertinent to the present crisis may be
deemea appropriate.
It is the duty of the Democratic party at the
present hour to adhere more formally than
ever to ita well-established usagea and to vig
orously maintain its cardinal principles.
Any departure for purposes of expediency at
this time, from either its usages or its prin
ciples, is fraught with danger.
Its usages are found in the rules and proceed
ings of its National Conventions from time im
memorial, and patriotism a 6 well as good policy
requires that no perilous experiment should
now be attempted by their abrogation.
Senator Hill then briefly summarizes the
party's creed, and in conclusion adds that
a substantial departure from these senti
ments and policies wiil surely invite dis
aster in Nation and State, while faithful
adherence to them will pave the way to
deserved success.
BANQUET IN LONDON.
Embassador Bayard. Presides Over a
Distinguished Gathering.
LONDON, Eng., July 4.— The American
Society in London gave its usual Fourth
of July banquet in the hall of the Criterion
restaurant to-night. The hall was beauti
fully decorated with American and British
Hags.
Hon. Thomas F. Bayard, American Em
bassador, presided. Covers were laid for
220 guests. Among those present were
the Embassadors and Consuls of the vari
ous powers and many well-known Ameri
cans.
Sir Richard Webster, the Attorney-
General, proposed a toast to the President
of the United States.
In offering the toast be paid a high
tribute to American institutions, which he
declared were as near perfection as human
wisdom and forethought could make them.
This statement was greeted with cheers.
Continuing Sir Richard dwelt upon the
honor and dignity with which Mr. Cleve
laod has filled the" office of President.
Embassador Bayard proposed "The
Day We Celebrate." In speaking to his
toast he said the experience of 120 years
had shown that no government was so
strong and safe as that which was anchored
in the affections of the people.
The echo and impulse of the voluntary
principle of government under which the
Americans lived had been felt in Great
Britain. Now there were no other two
countries in which the national heart
formed so ereatly the strength of their
Governments. He rejoiced at the assem
bling of Americans 111 .London. He ielt
completely at horne — as much so as in the
United States. [Cheers. J
He alluded to the visit to England of the
Honorable Artillery Company of Boston
as a gratifying sign of the times, and as
likely to hush the spirit that would seek
to create contention.
Mr. Greer proposed "The Community of
the English Speaking Peoples."
Replying to this toast the Right Hon.
James Bryce, M. P.. advocated a tangible
expression of the existing community of
feeling. He said he sometimes thought
that the law of each nation might be so
iltered aB to recognize the civic rights of
Che citizens of the ot .er.
Americans ought not to be alienated in
Sreat Britain and vice versa. The best
tray to cement the ties between the two
:ountries would be to establish a tribunal
to settle international disputes.
_ ♦
THE DAY IN ENGLAND.
American Flags Fly in the Principal
Citien of the Kingdom.
LONDON, Eng., July4— The weather was
;lear to-day and the sun shone brightly.
The United States embassy, the United
States consulate and the West End hotels
were all decorated with American flags in
aonor of the anniversary of American in
lependcnce, and flags were flying from the
American shipping at Lonaon, Southamp
ton, Liverpool, Glasaow and ot.er portH.
The vehicles in the coaching meet in Hyde
ParK were also decorated with the Ameri
can colors. United Stales Ambassador
Bayard held the usual Fourtu of July re
ception at the embassy this afternoon.
The American Colony in Paris.
PARIS, France, July 4.— A banquet in
honor of Independence day was given by
the American Chamber of Commorce at
the Galleries dcs Champs Elysees.
Among the five hundred euests
present were General "Wayne MacVeagh
and many prominent members of the
American colony, Henry Vignaud, First
Secretary of the American legation, and
M. Leboii, Minister of the Colonies. Let
ters of regret were read from Embassador
Eustice, Prime Minister Meline and others
prominent in official circles.
Embassaitor Uhl's Reception at Berlin.
BE KLIN, Germany, July 4.— United
States Em bassaaor U hi held a Fourth of
July reception at the American embassay
to-day. There was a large attendance of
guests, and music was furnished by a full
band.
CAyyoy explosion.
One Person Killed and Many Injured at
Hoodntock. Vt.
WOODSTOCK, Vt., July 4.— By the
bursting of a cannon in to-day's celebra
tion at Bridgewater Corners this morning
Charles Bedour was killed and William
Cowdrey "was so badly injured that he
may die. Charles Southgate had his leg.
broken and was otherwise injured. Bert
Woodward also had a leg broken, and was
hurt internally. Several others were
slightly injured.
EASTERN TURF EVENTS,
Ba J ge Wins a Most Desperate
Free-for-All Pacing Race
at Chicago.
Winged Foot, a Long Shot, Carries
Off a $20,000 Stake at Coney
Island
CHICAGO, 111., July 4.— After one of !
the most desperate races ever seen here, :
Badge, the big gelding from Minnesota, j
won the free-for-all pace, unfinished from
Friday, at Washington Park this after
noon. Seven heats were requiren to settle
the money. Frank Agan won the first two i
and then went all to pieces. WW P, the
erratic Colorado horse, took the next two
in grand style and then, like his rival,
tired so badly that Badge, splendidly
driven by Easton, took the next three and !
the race. The big crowd of 10.000 persons !
went wild during the last heat, the most
desperate of them all. Badge beating Agan
by a neck. Summaries:
Free for all pace. $1000, Badge won, Frank i
Atran second, W\V I' third. Beat time. 2:OSVj. j
2:30 trot, £1000, Newberger won, Godcha
second, Koloson third. Best time, 2:18.
2:17 trot, $1000, Marble won, Rifle second,
Wii.is P third. Best time, 2:14.
PEORIA, 111., July 4.— The Peoria Ag- \
riculture and Trotting Society meeting j
closed to-day. The event of the day was .
the attempt of Robert J to lower bis '
record of 2:ol}s, but the best the famous
pacer could do was 2:05>4. This was due
in a great measure to having a poor pace
maker. Summaries: i
2:10 trot, $1000, Kentucky Union won, !
Piletta second, Celay* third. Best time, 2:00}/. ',
2:20 pace, $1000, Pilot Medium won. '
Tommy Mac second, Xor ward ■ third. ' Best ! '
time, 2:13%.
2:40 pace, $1000, Bright Light won. Heir- i
at-Law second, Mrs. Jo third. Best time, i
2 '_"' ... i
Free-for-all trot, $1000, Fantasy won, Kla- ]
math second, Miss Kelson third." Best time, j ,
2:11»<.
CONEY ISLAND, N. V., July 4.-Re
suits:
Five furlongs, Rotterdam won, Tragedian !
second. Nina Louise third. Tim*>, 1 :01' 4 .
Mile r.nd a half. Sue Kittle won, Sir Dizon I ,
Jr. second. Lone Beach third. Time, 2 :07.
Trial stakes, Futurity course, value $20,000, j .
Winged Foot won, Ornament second, The ' i
Friar third. Time, l-10»£. Winged Foot sold j
at 15 to 1 in the books.
One mile, St. Maxim won, Gotham second, i
Han well third. Time, 1:40. . |]
Thirteen-sixteenths of a mile, Irish Reel j ,
won, Ed Kearney second, Amanda V third.
Time, 1:19.
Seven furlongs, Harpsichord won, Nick John- <
son second, Medlca third. Time, 1 :30.
LATONIA, July 4.— Results: '
Filteen-sixteenths of a mile, Moylan won, i
Helen Mar second, Letcher third. Time, 1:39. i
Mile and an eighth, Probasco won, James I >
Monroe second, Countess lima third. Time, i i
2:02. .
Six furlongs, Sallie Clicquot won, Prince Im
perial second, Egbart third. Time, 1 :18.
Mile and three-sixteenths, Loki won, Loben- (
gula second, Ben Halliday third. Time,2:o7>£.
Five lurlongs. Belle Bramble won, Mertie '
Reed second, Eugenia Wyckes third. Time, '
l:04H- ]
Six furlongs, Lucy Lee won. Old Center sec
ond, Miss Maxim third. Time, 1 :18. <
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 4.— Results: :
One mile, Ben Waddell won, Bavezac second,
First Chance third. Time, 1:44. 1
One mile, The Bachelor won, Joe O'Sot sec- ,
ond, C. C. Rummel third. Time, 1:43^. '
Eleven-Sixteenths of a mile. Ramiro won, <
Captive second, Harry McCouch third. Time,
1:343;£.
Mile and a quarter, Flying Dutchman won.
Free Advice second, Buck Massle third. Time, I
2:06%. . ,
Six iurlongs, Nick won. Lady Diamond sec
ond. Leader Ban third. Time, 1 :15%. (
Mile and a half, Bing Binder won, Chiawell <
second. Zoulika third. Time, 2:37J^. (
SIOUX CITY, lowa, July 4.— The^argest ,
crowd of the week attended the last day's
races of the Western Grand Circuit meet.
Summaries: ;
2:35 pace, best three In five heats, Honest I ;
Jack won, Bud Shields second, Hazel Wilkes
third. Best tine, 2:17%. ' ,
2:10 pace, Judge Hurst -won. Miss Williams
second, Maud W third. Best time, 2:13^. !
2:12 special trot, Alameda won, Jerrie ' i
Alfred second, Henatoa third. Best time, ! <
2:l3}*. '
O N THE WHEEL.
Edward Hell Beats a Tremendous Field
at Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., July 4.— The Pullman
bicycle race was run to-day over a fast
course and was won by Edward Heil, a
7-minute man. Alfred Schmidt, with
an allowance of 8 minutes, finished sec
ond, and E. A. Wilson, a (j>£-ininute man,
third. The start of the race was made in
front of the Auditorium Hotel, on Michi
gan avenue, and the finish at Pullman, a
distance of sixteen miles. Four hundred
and ninety-three men started in the race.
CEDAR RAPIDS, lowa, July 4.— There
was a stiff breeze blowing up the back turn
to-day, but the track was fast. Several
records were broken. Earl F. Jackson of
this city lowered the third of a mile open
from 4(i to 43 3-5 seconds, and Arthur E.
Covle, also of this city,' lowered the ten
mile record from 25:55 to 25:09 2-5.
■BIBfIHBNK£', i .'SSBtSBBi
World's Tandem Records Broken.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July 4.— George
Davis Worth and W. R. Mitchell of this
city broke the world's record ir. a two
thirds of a mile tandem race against time
at Fountain Ferry Park this afternoon,
covering the distance in 1:1? and making
the half-mile in :56 fiat, which is also said
to be the best time for that distance.
•>
Smith Smashes the Record.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 4.-Arthur E.
Smith, the Western cyclist, who left Chi
cago last Sunday for this city in the en
deavor to breaK the bicycle record of 142
hours and 15 minutes between that city
and ibis, arrived here at 3:21 o'clock this
afternoon, smacbing the record Dy 4 hours
and 54 minutes.
•—• — « — •
Kalamazoc, Mich., Is famous for celery. See
Thomas Slater's advertisement 00 page 11.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
PROBLEMS THAT
PERPLEX EUROPE,
Italy's Sudden Affection for
England and the Triple
Alliance.
IT VERGES ON MYSTERY.
What Shall Be Done to Patch
Up the Tottering Turkish
Empire ?
THE CRETAN REVOLT SPREADS.
Frightful Slaughter in Armenia.
Three Thousand Non-Combatants
Slain at Van.
[Copyright, 1896, by the New York Timer]
LONDON, Eng., July 4.— The perplexed
continental situation is at all events a trifle
clearer than it was a week ago. Ever since
the disaster of Adowah threw Crispi out of
power Italy's position in international
politics has been queer to the verge of
mjstery. It was known that the new Pre
mier, Ru !ini, disliked the triple alliance
and believed that friendship with France
was the true Italian policy. Knowing
these to be bis views, it was natural to sus
pect him of seeking to carry them out, and
the uncertainty as to what he mieht not
secretly be doing in this direction has been
a source oi chronic uneasiness here, as at
Berlin and Vienna, since last April. Now
this element of doubt is removed. Rudmi,
under what compulsion one knows not,
has committed himself to the triple alli
ance and a warm English understanding
in outspoken terms, and the Italian Cham
ber has approved his attitude by a large
majority.
It is especially useful to have this mat
ter cleared up because we are plainly
drifting into a difficult and dangerous
situation. There ha« grown to be a regu
lar alternation now of weeks when the
Embassadors at Constantinople think they
have patched up the rotten old fabric of
the Turkish Empire so that it will stand a
while longer, with weeks when new and
alarming fissures yawn and the whole
structure seems toppling for the final fall.
This is one of the bad weeks. Crete, so
far from being pacified by the Porte's be
lated concessions, is systematizing its re
volt into a revolution. The Christian
Deputies elected to the National Assem
bly, which the Sultan has summoned to.
meet at Canea, either say that it is unsafe
for them to attend or if they come to
Canea will hold aloof, intending to Issue a
proclamation stating that the Assembly is
a fraud and that their true allegiance is
due to the revolutionary committee.
The Cretans are now holding most of the
rougher parts of the island in force. They
have 2000 Turkish regulars shut up In the
fortress of Kardanos and expect to be able
to starve them out, while elsewhere in j
mountain encounters the Turks are con
tinually defeated by ambushed rebels.
The GreeK GovernmentG overnment still maintains
a semblance of neutrality, but the Athe
nian press is quite offhand now and|openly
preaches a Cretan propaganda. It is
notorious, too, that a swarm of small
Greek traders are in Cretan waters, pro
fessedly distributing relief, but really
landing guns, cannon and munitions of
war for the rebels.
Stories come to-day of a disturbance on
the Turko-Greek frontier. They may or
may not be true, but certainly they are
not surprising.
In Armenia, also, matters have sudden
ly taken a grave turn for the worse. It is
understood here to-night that something
exceptionally terrible has happened at
Vau or in its vicinity. The Armenian
committeemen here say that 5000 non
combatants have been slaughtered by I
Turks and Kurds. From experience one j
learns to discount such figures, but no
doubt a sufficiently shocking atory will ar
rive from Van in a day or two.
What ia perhaps of more immediate im
portance is the sudden revival of predic
tions from Constantinople of revolutionary
outbreaks in the Turkish capital itself.
Precisely how much of this sort of thing
Europe can stand, or where she will draw
the line, baffles prophecy. It is evident
enough, however, that the nearer the
doomed Ottoman Empire approaches to
destruction the closer the European pow
ers are drawn toward the necessity of de
ciding what and who shall take its place.
That this decision will inevitably be set
tled by the sword has been an axiom in
European politics for generations.
Whether it is really unavoidable no one
can Bay, but we are drifting all the while
nearer to the point where it will be made
clear, ana the British Parliament, under
these circumstances, is awakening to the
importance of debatine the foreign out
look. It discussed the Cretan situation at
length last night, and on Monday it will
have an oratorical field day over the ques
tion of the payment of the India troops
now in the Soudan. The resolution of the
ministry to insist that India shall be
charged with the regular pay of these men
meanwhile, and that England shall only
pay their transportation expenses, not only
evoked a unanimous and vigorous Indian
protest, but angered four-fifths of the Tory
rank and file in the House and fully that
proportion of the Tory press.
With its large majority the Government
can no doubt carry its point, but it will be
done at the serious cost of party disaffec
tion. Why the Cabinet should do this it
would puzzle the wisest brain to tell.
Lord George Hamilton is presumably re
sponsible for it, but he is the most unpop
ular of all the aristocratic Irish barnacles
whom the whole party would be delighted
to see discarded. He assuredly contrib
utes no strength to the Ministry.
Chamberlain is said to have finally de
cided in favor of a select committee of the
Commons as the machinery for investi
gating Rhodes and the chartered com
pany. This is what the Radicals have
been urging and what all the chartered
company influences are against. It re
mains to be seen if he has secured the
assent of the Caoinet for this committee,
and if so whether the Tory House will be
allowed to pass a measure enabling the
committee to sit through the recess, which
alone would make it of any use. Upon
this point will turn the credit and wood
faith of the Ministry in dealing with the
whole Transvaal business.
The final adoption by the Reichstag of a
civil code for the whole German Empire
marks an era in the history of jnrispru
dence surpassing in importance any other j
since the Code Napoleon was imposed on
western Europe. Tnree commissions of Ger- j
man jurists have been toiling over this
task for nearly thirty years. The legal
confusion which they had to bring into
order was of tiie most extraordinary char
acter. Roman law as imported into Ger
many before Luther was born ruled over
the largest area of all. Seven million
Rhinelanders lived under the French code
of 1804, Prussia's common law dated from
1749, and then came some thirty minor
provincial codes, all conflicting, especially
in matters of inheritance and marriage.
It was a tremendous labor to create a new
system which would cause the minimum
friction in practice, but everybody seems
to be satisfied that this lias been done.
The general tendency of the new code is
to lay stress upon the duties and responsi
bilities uf property to the community.
This is hailed as a triumph of the German
idea over the Roman, which treated the
rights of property as absolute and in
alienable. It finds expression in numer
ous provisions limiting the arbitrary
powers of landlords over tenants, etc.
The principal innovation is in making
civil marriace compulsory.
Outside nations which have been watch
ing the extravagant fuss made over Li
Hung Chang in Germany with aome mis
givings breathe easier to-day, and even
permi: themselves to smile a little. The
Germans somehow got the notion that Li
had authority to place big contracts, and
accordingly they took him all over the
country wnerever there was a factory en
gaged in making anything the Chinese
were likely to want.
Everywhere lavish luncheons and ban
quets were the order of the day. Work
men paraded, towns were decorated and
at Essen 1 aron Krupp went to the length
of hastily molding a bronze statue of the
Chinese visitor. It was set upon a pedestal
and solemnly unveiled in his presence as
if the desire for such a memorial had long
been a National passion. After each visit '
that Li made it was rumored that he had I
civen immense orders for ships, guns, or I
balloons, as the case might be.
At the farewell dinner given him in
Cologne, however, on the verge of his de
parture for France, Li had his interpreter
thank the Germans warmly for all their
remarkable courtesies and explain that he
now had a very clear idea of the capabili
ties cf German industries, and when he
got back to China he wouid not fail to re
port what he bad seen. Unhappily, he
was authorized to do no more. This cruel
blow hits the German Chauvinists bard,
and they are already talking of "Mongo
lian j.erfidy."
In France the reappearance of Rouvier
as a parliamentary power, after it was sup
posed that the Panama scandals had ut
terly destroyed him, is the political sensa
tion of the hour.
His speech against the proposed taxa
tion of rentes is not only regarded as the
most important fiscal utterance of the
session, but it is credited in advance with
having killed the project in the Chamber.
All sides assume that Meline will now
withdraw the measure. Strictly speaking,
he ought also to resign, since the defeat
of the main feature of the budget is quite
the gravest rebuff a Premier can sustain.
But Meline is not of the resigning sort,
and, moreover, a recess of Parliament is
at hand.
There are numerous indications that the
French seaboard cities — Marseilles, as well
as Boredaux, Havre, Dunkirk and great in
dustrial hivt-s like Lyons, Lille and Rouen
— are getting ready to pool their issues
and maKe a formidable attack on Meline's
protection policy, which is ruining tnem
all.
The most remarkable illustrated Bible in
existence is shortly to be published at
Amsterdam in Dutch, English, German
and French editions. The project has
been ripening for years, but large capital
had to be subscribed first and numerous
contracts made. Everything is at last
ready for a Btart,
The work will appear In twenty-five
parts, each with four large pictures.
Burne-Jones, Gerome, Morot and Tissot
will do Genesis; Tadema, Exodus and
Numbers, and Jean Paul Laurence, Judges !
and Ruth. To Sargent and Israels will be ;
intrusted the story of David. Benjamin j
Constant will supply three pictures in j
(Samuel and two in the life of Christ, while '■
I Munkacsy has a scene surrounding the i
crucifixion. Many otlier eminent French
and German painters have commissions,
but Walters Crane, who does the cover 1
and some pictures, is the only English- j
man mentioned. Menzel has not yet en- |
tered the combination, but it is hoped
that he will do so. Harold Frederic.
METURY TO PETERSBURG.
Entry of Czar and Empress Into the
Decorated City.
PETERSBURG. RmOA, July 4.-The
Emperor and Empress made their en
try into Petersburg to-day. The build
ings along Newski Prospect were gayly
decorated with flags, flowers, etc., but the
crowd in the streets was not large and
there was very little suggestion of a Holi
day. The Mayor presented a resolution
passed by the corporation- founding a
children's hospital and remitting the ar
rears ol 14,000 rate-payers in commemora
tion of the coronation of the Emperor at
Moscow. From the cathedral their Majes
ties proceeded without a guard to the fort
ress and thence to the railway station,
where they took a train for the imperial
residence at Tsarßkoe Selo. The Czar and
Czarina will return to Petersburg on
July 7. The report that the Czar is suffer
ing from jaundice is untrue.
CUB ANS SCATTERED.
Seven Thousand, Spanish Troops Are on
the Sick Lilt.
HAVANA, Ccba, July 4.— Colonel Dru
alla reports that with 620 men he left the
Conchita estate near Bolodron, province
of Matanzas, marched toward La Jagua
and found the rebel parties, commanded
by Laciet, Rogue and other leaders, oc
cupying a strong position behind stone
fences.
The troops dislodged the rebels after a
strong resistance and a bayonet charge
caused them to flee in all directions. The
insurgents left twenty-three dead on the
field. The Spanish loss was four killed
and fifty wounded.
Surgeon-General Losada officially states
that the number of sick troops in the
whole island is 6810, besides 696 who are
suffering with yellow fever.
SEVEN INDIANS STARVE.
Unable to Beach the Jludton Bay Hunt-
ing Ground*, They Succumb.
TORONTO, Oxt., July 4.— News has
reached here from River Moisie on the
north shore to the effect that a party of
huntors from Moisie found the remains of
seven Indians about 200 miles in the inte
rior. The remains were those of a family
consisting of father, mother and rive chil
dren. A few notes in tne tf a^kouapi lan
guage, undoubtedly wiitten by the squaw,
showed that the family had started from
Moisie last fall for the "Hudson Bay hunt
ing grounds. After having traveled about
200 miles the provisions ran short and,
there being no game, one after another
succumbed to starvation, the woman being
the last to die.
Yale's Captain the Victor.
BAYONNE, N. J., July 4.— Louis P.
Sheldon, captain of Yale't track team,
won the all-around championship of the
Amateur Athletic Union, which was de
cided this afternoon on the gronnds of the
New Jersey Athletic Club at Bergen
Point. John A. Larkin of the Xavier
Athletic Association pressed the Yale cap
tain very cioselv. Total scores: Sheldon
5380. Larkin 5115. The other competitor,
H. Obertubessing of tne New West Side
Athletic Club was completely outclassed.
for gar Friedman's Sentence.
BERLIN, Germany, July 4.— Heftnann
Friedman, directoi of the Rhenish-West
phalia Bank, who was arrested in February
last on a charge of forgery, was to-day con
virted and sentenced to six years' im
prisonment and to seven years' depriva
tion of his civil riehts.
NOISY REVEL IN
CITY AND HAMLET,
Fires of Patriotism Burn
High in the Golden
State.
SAN DIEGO'S CARNIVAL.
Fourth of July Festivities End
in a Dazzling Pageant
on the Bay.
PATRIOTIC EL DORADO WOMEN
The Placerv lie Celebration Managed
by the Fair S?x— Observances
in Many Towns.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., July 4.— The fires of
patriotism bnrned high in San Diego all
day and night. At daybreak the Naval
Reserves awoke the echoes on the plaza
MISS LOUISE REITER, WATSONVILLE'S GODDESS OF LIBERTY.
with a salute of forty-six guns. At 11
o'clock there were literary exercises on the
same common, and Hon. Thomas Fitch
delivered an oration. He apostrophized
the Declaration of Independence in glow
ine language.
"It is a knitted chain of logic,' he said,
"a persuasive and passionate appeal, and
to this day it stirs the blood like the blare
of trumpets. It proves the Government
of George the Third to have been the most
unconscionable of tyrannies. It states
the case of the colonists with the force
of a demonstration in mathematics
and with the poetic beauty of
a song of David. It is Mirabeau's idea of
eloquence — 'reason permeated and made
hot with passion.' It is at once the pro
tocol, the ultimatum and the epic of the
revolution. Its diction is as faultless as
its spirits is high. It is the most powerful
and most beautiful state document in all
history."
There were exercises at La Jolla and
Coronado this afternoon, both attended by
Hundreds of people, but the great attrac
tion was the regatta on the bay. Thirty
yachts and sloops contested, and the sight
was the prettiest of the kind ever wit
nessed in this part of the State.
Swimming contests and otbur sports oc
cupied the afternoon hours.
The culmination of the celebration was
the carnival on the bay to-night, when the
Queen. Miss Caroline Polhemus, with a
suite composed of the leading young
people of the city, reviewed the I
procession from a glittering bar^e.
At 8 o'clock an extra service of several
dozen electric cars was placed on the route
to the water front, but they were inade
quate to accommodate the crowds, and
hundreds were forced to walk. The
wharves soon overflowed with the people.
Every boat on the bay, from skiff to
steamor, was pressed into use, and each
carried its quota of passenger*, besides ad
ding to the general illumination.
The ferry slips at Coronado and on the
San Diego side were ablaze with long rows
of candles.
Lines of light in regular form, outlining |
the shapes of yachts, sloops and catboats
ranged in line ready for the procession,
tilled the space between the Santa Fe and
Bpreckels wharf. Launches rigged with
lights darted hither and thither preparing
for the procession.
The ferry steamer Coronado was deco
rated with lights. Near the San Diego
slip was anchored the huge ferry
steamer Silver Gate, loaded with people
and carrying the Foresters' Band, which
played inspiring airs. The most conspic
uous single object was the British ship
Carradale, her four masts hung with lan
terns and her yards glittering with red
fire.
A gaily lighted launch circled around in |
the center of the bay, landing a few dim
figures on a barge which bad not yet been
lighted. The tug Santa Fe, which was to
lead a portion of the boats, tooted once or
twice and started down to pick up its
tows.
The tugs and launches leading the vari- j
ous sections of the parade sought their
places. The Santa Fe sounded four whis
ties and the procession started.
Then there was a sadden blaze on the
waters of the bay.
The queen's barge was illumned by the
pressing of a button. It blazed out in red,
white and blue electric lights, which were
manufactured by a dynamo stationed on !
t.ie bargre. The throne was a huge affair, !
decorated in the National colors.
From its columns streamed pennants !
and flags of every nation.
The queen, a beautiful girl of 18, clad in
a robe of satin, was seated on the throne.
high above her attendants, with a guard
on either side.
Below stood the maids of honor in
quaint court gowns, and attendants in ap- ;
propriate garb. The spectacle, like a pic- I
ture from fairyland, drew a tremendous ;
cheer from the thousands of spectators.
As the procession started thousands of I
pieces of fireworks were sent up frcm the j
boats and from either shore. A barge sta- I
tioned near that of the queen incessantly
sent up rockets, candles, flower-mines and I
unique pyrotechnic devices.
Another barge farther down stream re"
plied in kind. The British lars on the
Carradale mounted aloft and stood at
each yardarm, sending out rockets and
roman candies.
The sailor lads, Britishers though they
were, sent up three hearty cheers for
Uncle Sarc, ivhicb were answered by the
people on shore.
The long lines of illuminated vessels
passed and repasaed before the youtnful
ruler. Thus, with light, music and lav li
ter, the carnival continued until all the
boats had passed before the reviewing
barge, saluted the Queen and returned.
CROWDS INVADE HANTSONFILLS.
Twelve Thousand Visitors Participate in
the Merru- Making.
WATSONVILLE, Cal., July 4.—Glori
ous weather ad led to the success of the
second day of Watsonville's celebration.
In the parade this morning Mi>s Louise
Reiter, aB Goddess of Liberty, and Miss
Annie Struve, representing California,
were enthroned on handsome floats, and
they were applauded from end to end of
the line of march.
It is estimated that 12,000 visitors were
in Watsonville to-day. 80 great was the
crush that the hotels and private families
could scarcely provide meals for all. The
sports in the afternoon were one-sided but
interesting. The hose contest between
teams from Hullister, Gilroy, San Juan,
Salinas and Watsonville was won by Gil
roy in 51 1-5 sec. The 100-yard, 220-yard
and 300-yard footraces wereteach won by
Carr of Watsonville.
Tne festivities concluded with a pyro
technic display and a dance this evening.
PL A CER VIL LE'S INNOVATION.
El Dorado County Homen Conduct the
Celebration.
PLACERVILLE, Cal., Jnly 4.— Perhaps
nowhere in the United States has the an
niversary of American independence been
so uniquely and successfully celebrated as
here. Placerville's progressive women took
the initial step, and carried out each
feature of the programme clearly. Mrs,
Georgia Ralaton whs president of the ex
ercises and introductory speaker; Mrs. J.
B. Rutter was the orator; Miss Tillie
Thomas recited the Declaration of Inde
pendence with histrionic ability, and Miss
Schlnier declaimed a patriotic poem writ
ten for ths occasion by Mrs. Reid. There
was baud music and singing by a great
chorus. The liteiary exercises opened
with a prayer by Cuaplain Mrs. Mac Do
nald. and closed with a bonediction.
The parade, too, was in charge of the
fair sex, and their ingenuity was made
manifest in floats of wondrous beauty.
The county sheriff had a unique outfit in
which he rode with bis sister; the miners
had a great float; the Native Daughters,
the Rebekahs, the Eastern Star Lodge, the
Rathbone Sisters and other woman's so
cieties were in line. The grand marshal,
Mrs. Fox, and her aids managed the pro
cession capitally.
The Goddess of Liberty of the parade
was Miss Davis. Ward Beech represented
Uucle Sam and Miss Pearl Varozza acted
as drum major. A feature much ap
plauded was t:.e living flag, formed of 250
children, who sang as they marched.
The officers of the woman's organiza
tion to whom credit is due for the success
of to-day's fete are: Miss Mollie Car
penter, president; Mrs. George H. Burn
ham, treasurer; Miss Ella Schlaier, secre
tary, and Mrs. Judge Bennett, chairman
of filteen sub-committees.
Not only in spectacular effect and liter
ary merit were their efforts crowned by
success, but they planned an excellent
programme of sports, which amused the
visiting throngs during the afternoon.
SACREMENTANS BURN POWDER.
Housing Observance of the Nation 1
Birthday Anniversary.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 4. — The
Fourth was observed in rousing style by
the patriotic citizens of this city. The day
was ushered in by a salute of thirteen
guns, repeated at noon and evening. The
parade was one of the largest ever seen
here, one of the best features being the
procession of wheelmen with magnifi
cently decorated bicycles.
During the literary exercises Charles E.
Reith, a pupil of the High School, recited,
verbatim, the Declaration of Independ
ence. The oration, by Hon. Frank H.
Gould, was a history in brief of the coun
try's progress from 1776 to the present
time, and the speaker delineated the need
of reforming the evils o! the present day.
At the close o f . the exercises those who
took part were carried away to partake of
the hospitalities of the Pioneers.
The Horribles captured the city in the
afternoon, and there was a display of fire
works at Agricultural ParK in the evening.
IN SONGMA'S GAT CAPITAL.
Santa Jtosans Celebrate From the First
Peep of Dawn,
SANTA ROSA, Cal., July 4. — The
Fourth of July was celebrated in Santa
Rosa in grand style. An enormous crowd
and a perfect day spurred the managers of
the celebration to renewed effort, and
many features not on the original pro
gramme were produced. Joseph Cleve
land Curry was in charge of the powder
burning, he having performed like services
for this city for the past twenty years, and
at 4 a. m. ten big anvils roared their salute
ten times each.
The parade that moved along the princi
pal streets during the forenoon was en
livened by the music of the Ukiah So
noma and Santa Rosa bands. Miss Louise'
Ross, as Goddess of Liberty, and Miss May
Hayward, as California, were enthroned
i in state upon i the principal float, sur
rounded by forty-seven little girls repre
senting i.he other and lesser States. Judge
Overtoil. Captain Byington. Mayor Niblett
and Judge Ku tied rode together in one
carriage.
These gentlemen have in the past years
held the chief offices in the gift of the
city, and their silken tiles were in the air
most of the time in response to the ova
tion by the assembled crowd.
: After 'the' parade, literary exercises of
unusua! merit were held in the Athenaeum
Mrs. J. B. Davis read the Declaration of
Independence with singular power ana
sweetr,eß3, adding, if possible, to the beau
ties oi the well-beloved document. The
oration by A. G. Burnett was a historical
and intellectual treat, quite different from
the usual spread-eagle Fourth of July
speech. A chorus of trained voices > |
by the sweet soprano of Miss Adelaide
Elliott, rendered National airs.
In the afternoon the Ancient and Dis
reputable Order of Squedunks burlesqued
the Darade, and made uproarious fun for
an hour or more. A feature of the day
was a burlesque newspaper, which Dora
title of "The Truthful Lyre." It w:'.3 a
pretentious little sheet, about the size of
the usual country newspaper, and was
fill d from headlines to finish wi h local
hits and good-natured criticism of leading
men and measures. An edition ol 25' jo
copies of this remarkable newspaper was
quicHy exhausted, and copies are now at
a premium.
The day's entertainment concluded with
a brilliant display of fireworKs.
VETERANS MARCH AT VENTURA.
Judge William* Delivers an Oration at
Camp Phil Sheridan.
VENTURA, Cal., July 4.— July 4, 1896,
will go down in the history of Ventura
County as a redletter day. Never before
have such crowds assembled here as those
that gathered to enjoy to-day's parade.
Superior Judge Williams, as president ol
the day, conducted the exercises, consist
ing of singing by a chorus of 200 voices
and an oration by Judge B. N. Smith of
Los Angele- in the Grand Army of the
Repuolic tent at Camp Phil Sheridan.
The parade was made up of three divi.
sions, one of which was composed exclu
sively of veterans and members of kindred
or.anizations, under command of Colonei
George Downing and staff. In the G. A. R,
division were Gen ral C. F. A. Last and
staff of the National Guard, the city au
thorities of Santa Barbara and Mayor
Hartwell of Pasadpna. In the main divi
sion were floats of the Rebekah lod^e,
Las Pal mas Parlor, Native Daughters of the
Goiaen West, a car of state and a "Drea ■..;
from Fairyland," the Santa Barbara
Ventura and Ventura Chinese fire depart
ments, 200 Spanish rough riders and the
stiff of Marshal James A. Donlon. consist,
ing of 100 men under command of L. J.
Rose. *
To-night Company H, Seventh Heg:
ment, closed the celebration with a mili
tary ball in honor of General Last and staff
ana the Southern California Veterans'
Association.
THE DAY AT VALLETO.
Marines and L,and*men Mingle in Pa-
triotic Demonstrations.
VALLEJO, Cal., July 4.— A1l day long
and far into the nignt thousands of people
crowded Vallejo's streets, wharves, hill
sides and eating-houses. Large numbers
came from all parts of the country. At
noon the bat:ery at the Navy-yard thun
dered forth a National salute; flags flew at
every masthead on the ships, and scores of
yachts with flying pennants made the
river front a scene of beauty.
At sunrise the people were awakened by
the noise of guns and the ringing of belis.
Early in the morning the people began to
assemble. The Ariel Bicycle Club came
out with elaborately bedecked wheels, and
over them mammoth canopies and Hags.
The procession, which passed through the
principal streets, was composed of bicycle
brigades, United SStates marines and sail
ors from the naval station in lull uniform,
veterans of the Mexican and Civil wars,
Pioneers of California, city officials from
Bunicia and Vallejo, School Directors,
officers {if the day, and those who assisted
in the literary exercises. The Benicia fire
companies and those of Vallejo were out
in force.
Samoset Tribe of Red Men was repre
sented by a large tribe of braves in Indian
costume, astride of broncos, while fol
lowing them came a float representing a
family of settlers in front of a rude cabin.
Miss Francisca Vallejo, granddaug&tcr of
General Vallejo, rode upon a float appro
priately named after her ancestor.
Judge A. J. Buckles delivered the ora
tion. Mrs. Celia McManus-Herbert sang
"The Star Spangled Banner," and the
Declaration of Independence was read by
Mrs. Carrie Fross-Snyd«»r. "Columbia"
was sung by Mrs. A. A. Harrier.
NAPA ENTERTAINS A CROWD.
Visitors View a Parade, Listen to
Speeches and Attend a Ball.
N APA, Cal., July 4.— No one here lacked
amusement or sport to-day. A large crowd
from all the country around attended the
celebration, which was one of the best
ever held in Napa. George S. McKenzie
was grand marshal of the parade in the
forenoon. In the line were military and
civic organizations, fire companies and cit
izens on horseback and in carriages. Miss
Jennie Bush wag goddess of liberty.
Mayor Fuller presided at the literary
exercises in East Napa Park. Henry H<>
gan read the declaration of Independence.
Alert Hose Company gave a ball at the
park, which was largely attended.
Santa Cmzans Bathe and Irish.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., July 4.— The surf- '
bathing season is opened in earnest, and
the beach was crowded to-day. Salmon
fishing engaged the attention of the sports
men, some fine fish being taken. Dr.
Drullard hooked a big fellow that weighed
fifty-one pounds. The Grand Army of the
Republic post and Woman's Relief Corps
enjoyed an outing at Vue de l'Eau Park
to-day, and there were numerous picnics
of private parties in the groves about
Santa Cruz.
i? „ ... „ .
""■■" ,OU must not allow
yourself to be completely prostrated.
When you note signs of impending dan.
ger, when your blood is in bad condition,
when you are constipated, when your liver
and kidneys are exhausted, you should
use the genuine cure.
TESTIMONIAL.
The Edwin W. . Joy Company — Gentle-
men: I have taken your Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla and can say I have never seen any-
thing equal to it. I have suffered ten
years with dyspepsia, not being able to eat
anything but milk and brown bread. Liff
was nothing but misery for me. .
Now I have a good appetite, eat any*
thing I wish and feel no disagreeable
effects from it. I wish I could tell all dya*
pepiicaand urge them to try your Vege»
table Sarsaparilla.
Signed MR. JOHN TIMOTHY,
Forbestown, Cal.THE EMPORIUM. THE EMjPORIPM. ,_ L '_ JTHE EMFORIUML '.' "_ _ _______-, THEEMPORIUM. - 1 ----- -- - _ THE EMPORIUM. ------------ J - THE EMPORIUM. THE = EMPORIUM. . ).
CONCERTS ON WEDNESDAY AND SATIRDAY AT 8 P.M. ADDRESS ALL MAIL ORDERS THE EMPORIUM "MAIL ORDER" DEP'T, SAN FRANCISCO. J
- ' ■•'•'■*■' _ / . , •■'. ,  j--> *— «_ '"v 36-inch Cheviot Suiting - - , - - - - ice a yard iX
Ruthless reductions— Summer stocks must move at once— double >*^— -^b^T^N ' /Vl #i Ladies' Percale Shirt Waists -• - - - • - 23c each i
quick— no matter what the loss. ' Costs for the time being are forgotten. <^^^fF/^T^* S V/*^ /~} '••''&'* Haviland China Dinner Set -.- r- - - -• .- $31.60 I)
Must-go prices in every nook and corner of the world's grandest store. . . /ff/g^~*s~-^ Ss^&^~bs-~*S* / — v(^^ /^ /~3 /3 X>^^C? Men's $12.50 and 15.00 Suits ---.-- 8.45 jp
All surplus stocks-all lagging. styles-all broken lots of' merchandise- ///&^/^fQ I f/T\7 tfff//^ *fo/Tf //////// /f A $575 "Steinway" Piano ■ - ; ' - ; ; 235.008
cost or less. Greatest Clearing Sale ever held in the West. To- S^-^/JPJrf\ \ X?*////. t / */ A sLs\J^O^_L Tapestry Oil Paintings 1 " I '- . ... -Half Price 1
morrow will be a bargain day long to be remembered. Mail orders > m n^ j^fWifVjr^ (mJr \^^^\^ \^\^>^\^m*lar %^» Best Tapestry Brussels Carpet .... .--/■■ 80c a yard 'l&
should be sent promptly to avoid disappointment. /^h r» /7 /7* I**1 ** /1^ </l Q J^° Men's §2.00 Fedora Hats ....... #1.00 R
— M@WM@s &M @M^t$M!MM/ Hard " WoodMante ' s ' complete •-•••- - *-fri
Clearing Sale Cloaks and Suits.
$55,000 worth of Dresses, Jackets and separate Skirts, new garments, stylish
garments, every one of them, but two months' delay in opening means that
three months' business must be done in this department in July. No half-
way work in this cut Prices in your interest alone.
Reefer Dresses— Black and Navy Serge, fancy mixtures, box fronts, big sleeves,
wide skirts, all rustled lined, an entire costume for , - - - $3.48
Reefer Dresses— All-wool fancy mixed Scotch Cheviots, tans or grays, fly front
jackets with ripple back, velvet collars and silk faced; skirts very wide and • ;:
rustled lined. A stylish dress this week for - • V •£■■ $5.98
Reefer and Blazer Dresses— tailor-made, fine all-wool cloths, dresses that
have been selling from $13.50 up to $18. Your choice of 75 this week at - - 10.00
(Alterations on these dresses charged extra.)
Capes— Did you ever hear before of a stylish all-wool Cloth Cape for 08c? You
have paid three times that for a many times worse garment. This week:
$2.50, $2.75 and $3 All-Wool Capes - •- '•-■•■■: "■:=■?. .'■' \- "•.■•A?* i ' : ; ••. •'■',■ 98c
$4. $5 and $6 All-Wool Capes - - ... . - - $2.25
57, $8 and 59 Silk Capes ::.-;:_ $4-45
$8, 59 and $10 Velvet Capes - - • - ..... $5.85
Jackets Sacrificed— Extraordinary inducements prevail to-morrow. Every jacket
in the house marked down to absurdly low prices to affect their immediate . .'
clearance.
Tan-Mixed Cloth Jackets— All-wool, box front, big sleeves, large and small pearl
buttons, a $10 jacket anywhere, sizes 32 to 36 only - -.<-.,.- $3.98
Light Tan Kersey — All-wool, box front, big sleeves, large and small pearl
buttons, $12.50 anywhere excepting EMPORIUM Cloak Department. We
say - - - ;.-'■ ■ *';• "j * " $5-98
Finest Light Tan Kersey Jackets— All-wool, high finish, fly fronts, all silk lined,
button trimmed. This week '■*-.' .... -. • .-j : - . $8.09
All our $40, $35, $30 and $25 Elegant Light Tan Kersey Jackets, best of silk
linings, pearl buttons, tailor-made in perfect style, all marked down at the
uniform price of----* • - . $19.50
Brocaded Satin Skirts— All the beautiful Brocaded Satin Skirts that originally
sold at 516.50, cut full $ A yards wide, rustled lined and velveteen bound, this
week marked - - - • .- :-; : . . .^.' ;^. : $8.95
Duck Suits, Blazers and Reefers— All our 51.75 and $2 kinds, now • - $1.45
All the $2 and $3 kinds, now ,i - :" - - v ;•-- ... 1.95
All the $3.50 and $4. kinds, now -.---... $2.95
£% Shirt Waist Sale Extraordinary.
IXsft?*K To close out the balance of the largest Wash Waist stock, in town,
&«r^"i ■ I prices this week that will not pay the cost of materials and laundry
TOp work. Even if you have your season's supply, you cannot, in the mv-
v terests of economy, afford to miss this sale. Most advanced styles
only. As good for next year's wear as for this.
Laundered Percale Waists, good patterns, all sizes, some of them slightly mussed,
all of them now .... ?;;.: : ;^ -.- .-i , -^- ... 23c
All that are left of our 48c and 60c Laundered waists, values up to $1, now - 39c
All that are left of our 75c and $1 Waists, values up to $1.25, now - / - 69c
Unsurpassed bargains these, in addition to the above offerings we have a carload
of the celebrated Derby Shirt Waists at 50c on the dollar.
All the fine Percale, Dimity, Lawn and Striped Waists that the manufacturer
had left — the best-made Shirt Waists 'in America — Percale and Fine
Shirting Percale Waists, stripes, dots, fancy figures, beautiful colorings, perfectly
laundered— elsewhere 90c to $2.00 each. Our prices 69c, 75c, 89c and 98c.
Fine Batiste Lawns, Figured Irish Dimities, Corded Dimities, Grass Linen
Stripes — all with detachable collars. Bishop sleeves— perfectly laundered ; Goods sold I
elsewhere at $2.50 to $3.00 each— $1.12, $1.25, '$1.48, 51.69, 5i.75«
General Clearing Sale in the Sporting Goods Dep't.
TROUT FLIES. : : %-[ V?jM
:•;•;.;- Reduced from To
EMPORIUM Assortment English Flies „.......:. .40c ioc a dozen
Standard Allcock's make..... ........50c 25c a dozen
Superior Flies, best make.- 75c 50c a dozen
Imperial Flies, best make $1.00 75c a dozen
Kirby Single-Gut Hooks, Nos. 1 to 12 20c ioc a dozen
Limerick Single-Gut Hooks, Nos. 1 to 12.... • 20c ioc a dozen
Carlisle Single-Gut Hooks. Nos. Ito 12 '. ...:.......... ......25c 20c a dozen
FISHING ROD— 3-Joint Trout Rod, lance-wood tip, reel
band and full mounted $1.50 50c
FISHING ROD— Trout Rod, light, full mounted, capped
ferrules, silk-ringed, fine finish, nickel reel seat, twine
» round handle, lance tip and extra tip 52.50 • $1.25
y^v r\ (g£JEH?{!S& Campers' Outfit.
/ [£j£/^jj >k. ' Made of fine polished copper, tin lined, Fry
' ' *T--£^i_--t*^^*^===s, ** an and Cover, which is used as a Dutch
.jr^rS^l^N Oven or Stew Pan, extra Plate, Knife and Fork,
//^£-\\/^/^^Mi (yfz_^ \) Tea and Table Spoon.
v "— -D'lL^^ "')) Vr^ JJ 7 l " 2 inches in diameter, 1 1-3 inches in
\^ <^ds»3^™?^*^ > - m^' depth. List price $2.00.
3» ! Our Special Price $1.25 Each
Sweetness and Cheapness.
Candies. 3-Ib box of Finest French
Mixed for Jl.OO.
Made right here in the building by
candy experts — put up in tin boxes for
shipment to the country— No extra charge
for the box, and Candy is perfectly fresh
when it arrives at its destination. It's the
kind— just as good, some folks think it
better — that you have always paid 50c a
Ib for. Price single pound 35c.
Dainty It's a "fad" now eating lunch
I unrhoc or taking "afternoon tea" in
Luncnes. beaut j fu| Cafe under the
dome. It's a convenience that ladies out
shopping appreciate. Popular prices for
palatable food daintily served. The Sal-
ads are already famous and the Coffee
and Chocolate pronounced delicious.
Chinese One of the "sights" of the Em-
Bazaar, porium, exceeding in beauty and
attractiveness the most famous
bazaars of Chinatown. A visit to this
beautiful Bazaar is not attended by the
unpleasant features of a trip through the
Celestial quarters. Goods are plainly
marked and prices are low — very low.
For example:
Bathing Sponges— the Japanese Loufa
Sponges that originally cost you 25c —
here 5c each.
Lacquered Bread Trays— Pretty Orien-
tal designs — on special sale at 5c each.
Japanese Screen Fans — Artistic, orna-
mental — Special price ioc each.
Clearing Sale Offers
In the Gas Fixture and Mantel Dep't.
Fine Gas Globes at 20c each
Two-Light Chandeliers - - $2.40 each
Three-Light Chandeliers - - 3.60 each
One-Light Hall Lamp - - 3.80 each
Hard-Wood Mantel Tops • - 12.00 each
Hard- Wood Mantels with Tiling
and Grates - - - . • 22.50 each
Each article offered above is fully 50 per
cent below regular retail prices.
Ladies* Hairdressing and Mani-
curing Parlors,
Second floor, next to the first eleva-
tor, right of rotunda.
Hair dressing 25c
H iir cut and curling 25c
Shampooing 50c
Ladies' manicuring 25c
Gents' manicuring, a specialty 50c
! Drug N°r. an ordinary Drug Store this
fl , + —not the usual department store
Uep L. drug section that Eastern folks
are familiar with — but a modern, thor-
oughly equipped Drug Store, earning one
of the largest retail stocks in the city. A
lady graduate in pharmacy to wait on
ladies. Private apartments for examining
surgical appliances, and a complete pre-
scription dispensary.
Prescriptions 25c,
Unless some unusually rare and costly
drug is included, when the actual cost to
us will be charged.
Perfumes.
Pinaud's Eau de Quinine • • • - 35c
Pierre Violet Water $1.00
Roger & Gallet's Extracts • • • • 85c
Lubin's Extracts - •_ 55c
Soaps.
! Imported Violet Cream, per box - - 15c
I Pears' Soap — 2 cakes for • - • - 25c
Patent Medicines.
Ayer's Hair Vigor 59c
Scott's Emulsion 63c
Hood's Sarsaparilla 63c
: Syrup of Figs 32c
Listerine 64c
Paine's Celery Compound - - • - 60c
Williams' Pink Pills 33c
With each box of Powder, no matter
what make, we will give you ,a Face
Chamois FREE of charge.
Ask for a FREE sample of "Sweet
Marie" Sachet.
Barbers Mothers don't like to take
r „ their little boys to ordinary
TOr DOyS. barber shops, where there's
"only a crowd of men." But they DO
LIKE to bring them to OUR Barber Shop
on the Mezzanine floor to the right of the
rotunda, where they leave them in charge
of a careful barber — an artist in his line—
who cuts their hair while mamma does her
shopping in the other departments.
Fancy Ribbons.
250 pieces of 4-inch Fancy Ribbons,
ombre stripes, handsome colorings,
the season s newest and prettiest, all
pure silk ; real value 25c and 35c a
yard, clearance sale price 18c a yard
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
Cs\lf\r>£±A T\*+m?4? Taa/Ic At rices which in all reason, should secure
V^UliirCU LrrCSS \JUUU^« the immediate disposal of every yard on the
' shelves— prices that would bring thousands of
eager buyers for the worst goods. What will be the result now that we have marked the BEST at
figures BELOW the cost of the cheapest ? The lowest price level ever reached in Dress-Goods
selling on the Pacific Coast. The aisles filled last week with pleased customers. Still further
reductions this week. The slaughter begins anew to-morrow.
Not an old style.
Not a bad color. • ■ ■
Not an undesirable piece in the entire magnificent collection.
At 15c a yard — 35-inch Cheviots. They cannot last long at this price.
At 22c a yard — 36- inch Tweed Suits, worth 35c.
At 28c a yard — 37-inch Fancy Suitings, value for 45c. .
At 38c a yard — 50-inch Two-Toned Checks, worth 75c.
At 38c a yard — 52-inch Cheviot Tweeds, worth 850 .
At 38c a yard— 3B-inch Silk and Wool Stripe Suiting, worth 75c.
At 38c a yard— 3B-inch Silk and Wool Check Suiting, worth 75c. " •
At 48c a yard — 39-inch Silk-Mixed Melange Suiting, worth $1.
At 68c a yard— s2-inch Scotch Boucle Tweed, worth $1.25.
At 58c a yard 4s-inch London Check, neat and stylish, worth 85c.
At 50c a yard— so-inch Navy Coating Serge. Positively the b<»st value in the city.
At 58c a yard — 52-inch Navy Worsted Serge, worth 85c by actual comparison.
At 78c a yard— s2-inch Navy Wide Wale Serge, worth $1 regularly elsewhere.
All our Fancy Mohairs must go, and have been reduced unsparingly.
All our Novelty Suits must go, and cost has not been considered. : ;■,
Rlarb rbrocc f^nnric General clearance of the entire stock ordered by the manage-
DICIIIY mew V/IMMJ3. ment> No back numbers here to fuse you in making
selections. Every piece bought in 1896 for this summer's selling. Pigmy stock, this. One hundred
feet of shelving, counters and many extra tables crowded with Black Dress Fabrics. Ready to-
morrow for those who appreciate true bargains.
At 29c a yard— 3B-inch Figured Mohair. Very special. Ask to see this cloth.
At 33c a yard — 45-inch Beatrice Serge. A splendid cloth. : Vv-i
At 44c a yard — 38-inch Jacquard Effects. Elegant value.
At 44c a yard — 46-inch Heavy Coating Serge. Worth double.
At 50c a yard — 50-inch Clay Worsteds. No such value elsewhere in the city,
At 58c a yard— s2-inch Worsted Storm Serge, worth 75c by actual comparison.
At 60c a yard— 4s-inch Figured Satin Princess, dust-proof and serviceable.
At 68c a yard — 42-inch Jacquard Effects, new, neat and dressy.
At 78c a yard — 52-inch Heavy Cheviot Serge, would be an exceptional value at $1.
At 85c a 44-inch Bedouin Cloth, in raised effects, dull finish, suitable for mourning costumes.
At 98c a yard— 44-inch Granite and Soleil Figured Effects, rich and lustrous.
At 51.20 a — 42-inch Figured Imperial Suiting. Very stylish. .
At ji.so a yard— 44-inch Moharane, figured and striped, the new fabric; $2 to $2.50 elsewhere. • .
mil c FYtranrHinArv General Clearing Sale here, as elsewhere throughout the great
OIIKS L/\tl CIUI UIIICII y. store- Price magnets that W iu over-crowd our silk counters to-
morrow and during the week. Not a dissatisfied silk-buyer since the store opened, and if we do not I
make a thousand women happy to-morrow it will not be the fault of the prices on goods like these :
At 23c a yard— Fancy Checked Taffetas, 20 inches wide, small and large patterns, the 50c kind.
At 48c a yard— Black and White Checked Taffetas, a good quality, actually worth 75c.
At 48c a yard— Fancy Jacquard Figured Taffeta, 14 different colorings, beautiful fabrics for blouse waists, regular
price 75c. l-.^;:-'- • - *>* '■ ; : -^ : «! - * "***' .
At 69; a yard— Black and White and Grey and White; Striped Taffeta, heavy, extra fine quality, would be a real
j bargain at 85c. .
At 60c a yard— Fancy Striped Taffeta, a superb quality, in all the desirable shades of coloring, the regular price $1.
At 78c a yard— Monotone Jacquard Warp Printed Taffetas, 10 magnificent designs and color effects; if regularly
bought could not be sold under $1.50 a yard, at which price it would be a good value.
WaQh ftnnH^ fipafVinrP No finer -collection- of Sheer, Desirable Wash Fabrics ever
YYdMI uoous> uedTdiice. offered in this city. Not soiled,. mussed and unsold odds
and ends that are left after months of handling, but about half of an immense stock that was first
opened but five weeks ago. Good-by prices on every piece.
! 200 pieces 29-inch Scotch Dimities, never sold for less than 12& C a yard in this market; Q^ _ n 1
clearance price ......... . . OC 3. yaTQ.
75 pieces of 30-inch Swiss Organdies ; regular value 25c, clearance price - - - I ±\C- 3. VctFC!
50 pieces of 20-inch Stock Lappet Lace Dimities, one of the most popular of this season's novelties ; T 'r' 1 o ■« r« „ j
bought to sell at 25c, clearance price - - - - f - , - - • 1)C 3. yaiQ
500 pieces of 36-inch Percales, good colorings, perspiration-proof, regular at 12KC, a full yard wide Or - _ _ ro -. J
mind you clearance price ■ -----.... Q3C a y3T(J
150 pieces of 34-inch Linnett Percale, very desirable for wash waists and men's shirts ; regular price Oi- „ rni-A
15c, clearance price §3|| - - -'•; - ' •". - - - • . O ? C a yaTQ
100 pieces Crinkled Seersucker; regularly sold at ioc, clearance price .... 7 2 C 3. VB.rd
r' A
100 pieces of Outing Flannelette; a rattling good value at 7c, clearance price - • - ' )C 3 Ya\TQ
200 pieces of Swiss Duckette; a loss on every yard at i2.'^c, yet we quote it this week at r^i^ a imrA
clearance price --------... U 2^ a yaTQ
(The above line of goods are woven, not printed like ordinary Duck.)
j59 pieces Fine Bookfold Ginghams, tor children's dresses, aprons, wrappers, etc.; regular price ioc, Lx^ >, . rrky .A
clearance price ---.---.... O 2 C d yaTQ
General Clearing Sale in Dress Linings.
j One of the best sections of the Dry Goods Department
. We invite the most critical comparisons of
qualities and prices.
150 pieces of Rustle Taffeta Lining, black only;
regular ioc, now 8c a yard
Genuine Doeskin Fiber Chamois, the i2>^c
quality, now . . . . . .9c a yard
Best English Silicia, full assortment of colorings : .■ . ■
the 20c quality, now . . . . . 16c a yard
Heavy Twill Silicia, the regular 15c quality, now 12c a yard
benerai ueannq date ot
All Summer Millinery.
1 f^2-i ' Every trimmed Hat
Jj^fo in our stock — Tur-
» Every trimmed Hat
in our stock — Tur-
bans, Toques, Bon-
tir&gd nets, Large Hats,
I s «j» ■ Children's Hats — to
X-rJI be cleared at half price.
***-* The large assortment
of Untrimmed Hats shapes and all
colors— all of the Flowers, Aigrettes,
Ornaments, ; Hat Pins, etc., marked
anew at Clearing Sale Prices.
Boys' Fauntleroy Blouse
Waists 39c Each.
• A large assortment of White Lawn I
waists with fancy colored collars and
fancy striped percale waists, values
up to $1.00, •
Reduced for This Special Sale
39c.
Little Boys' Waists, second floor,
near main elevator, east side.
General Clearance Sale of
Men's Hats. V
Men's and Youths' Fedora Hats,
dependable quality that will keep
their shape and color — black, brown,
and Nutria. Three grades at one-
half exclusive hatters prices,
$1.00, $1.35, $2.00.
Men's Derby, in identically the
same blocks as the < nobbiest $5.00
hats of the exclusive hatters at one-
half their real value,
$1.50 and $2.00.
Bicycle Caps in the proper shapes
and in all their varieties,
25c and 45c.
■ . ■ fliiii niT>inTriti?lTitilsiinirrmHrtri-
Clearing Sale in the Notion Department.
15 dozen Handsome Silk Belts, with metal buckles
and hold-fast beltpin, 35c and 45c vaiue . 24c each
150 pieces of Elastic Frilling, silk embroidered ; i2**c
value, clearing sale price . . . 6c a yard
i 725 dozen Pearl Buttons, white only, 18, 20, 22 and 24
J line ; clearing sale price . . . .5c a dozen
i Good Quality Stockinet Dress-Shields, full size; clear-
| ing sale price . .... 5c a pair
j Cabinet Hairpins, all sizes . . , . 4c a box
i Japan Hairpins, plain or crimped . . Ie a package
I Ever-ready Corset-Steels . . . . 5c a pair
imiarens Lawn taps oc
Each.
Pretty little Lawn Caps, values up
to 25c, marked for this special
sale 6c each
Children's Chambry Sun
Bonnets 9c each
Fine Lawn Caps, French
style 18c each
Percale Hats, embroidered
edges 19c each
Fine Dotted Grass Linen
Hats, the kinds so popu-
lar and greatly in de-
mand 48c each
Paris Gowns, $25.00.
A special importation of Dainty
Dimity Dresses, made by a renowned
French dressmaker, will be offered
this week at prices ranging from
$25.00 Up.
Imported Silk Waists and Street
Costumes at cost of importation.
Art Embroidery Material
Department.
36x36 Cream Duck Table Cov-
ers, stamped in large floral designs,
22c each.
22x22 Denim Cushion Tops,
stamped in bold designs, large va-
riety of colors, 12c each.
Good Quality Knitting Silk, 30
yards to a spool, three colors includ-
ing white, actual value 12 I-2C, 5c
a spool.
14x18 Cream Duck, stamped for
veils, handkerchiefs, gloves and cra-
vat cases, 6c each.
16x70 White Duck Scarf, stamp
and fringed ends, 24c each.
18x18 White Linen Hemstitched
Tray Cloths, stamped, 25c each.
A uood Corset for 48c.
.... . Five- hook Sateen
« >«• Corsets, long waist,
I jf-r Vn extra ' steels in front,
Uyiti&iftdS comfortable, perfect
vuff) ) fit ' em broidered tops,
\lM\\/ black or drab. ■ Special
*■' fm^\ price 48c.
Five-hook Ventila-
ting Corsets, long waist, a perfect
garment for summer wear,
Special Price 48c.
Muslin Underwear.
Muslin Skirts 38c, 48c, 59c, 70c.
Muslin Gowns, empire and other
desirable styles, 48c, 50c,, 790
Gingham Aprons, full yard square,
ample strings, ioc each. "
Wall Paper Department.
During Vacation months, July and
August, we will give you the largest
reductions in Wall Paper ever known
to the Wall Paper trade. This means
a reduction on everything. - We do
not intend to pick out a few patterns
and confine you to them, but give
you the benefit of \ this cut on our en-
tire stock." The '. largest assortment
of , Wall . Paper in the , city. , Note
these prices :f
White; Paper • • • - 4c per roll
Gilt paper - •• • • 6c per roll
Embossed papers • • 8c per roll
Ingrain papers -" ■ • oc per. roll
The prices : of those  h andsome
Friezes ; and , Ceilings that match the
Ingrain may have i appeared ■ high to
you, but we will put them within the
reach of your pocket-book :
12 1-2 C yard kinds cut to * . • • 9c
ioc -yard kinds cut to - • - - 6c
35c , Ceilings cut to • • • • 25c
General Clearing Sale. I
CHINAWARE, GLASSWARE, PLATED WARE, LAMPS, CLOCKS, ORNAMENTS. |l
Remarkable midsummer offerings. A careful overhauling of the great stocks in IP
the rear on the west side of the second floor. A few of the thousand and one trade- jg
tempters given herewith : W 1
Decorated Dinner Ware. "a
Fine Bohemian China Berry Glass Salad Sets, rich decoration and gold, thir- • £|
teen pieces ----- - - . . . . $1.90 a set m
Decorated China Sets, also samples. A few sets left short one or two pieces, 55
such as cups, etc., will be closed out at 50c on the dollar. Combinations fi?
from 90 to 121 pieces ------ $14.40 to $38.00 a set (fl
Limoges China— Hand-painted Game Sets — rich decorations, game center. Spe- xl
cial price now - - :•,";■•-. • • - - • - $16.50 a set »1
Glassware. I' ;
Some Glass Sample Sets — Lemonade or Water — few only left. Decorated fir
Jugs and Tumblers with Silverine Tray ... $1.15 to $4.00 a set (a
Bohemian Colored Baskets for Flowers ..... 15c, 18c and 40c 'a-
Vases - - •• -- • •• 15c, 18c, 25c, 65c upward U;
- — « — '~~~jfi\ Plated Ware — A Remarkable Leader. \ f
t^^^m *c^\w\ Peppers and Salts, like picture, 1-2 «'
I!^&sbssss^!w///\ inches tall, heavy plate, one pair $1
/^^r^ * f \A y///'\ in a box— cheap at 50c a pair.
v^-r-^^M \\\i P^i// l \ ■ Special Clearing Sale price- - - %
(''•''W'wJ % i^kw) Haviland's Full Decorated China B.
N-*^ M@sr!*Wwiif'/ Dinner Set — all pieces and full
/^_j^Jgf^?7^sx^m^ ■ size set complete, cannot be Jn
s &gr bought elsewhere under $35.00. W
Clearance Sale Price - - - $31.60 ||
Mettlack Stone Beer Mugs. M
A large shipment just received to be sold at prices as though we were anxious to . j
close them out. They are the newest "1806-fall" styles, and we are safe in asserting <<
Best and Cheapest in town. ... ■ . fi
Lamp Specials. ■>• ||
Single Vase Lamps with Decorated Shades to match, with 10-inch shade - $1.65 up |?
With 7-inch shade r \ j - •■ ■• • '■ , : .... $1.35 up jj)
General Clearing Sale. I
MEN'S AND BOYS' CLOTHING. I
OUR OPENING STOCK in this department comprised $135,000 of good kinds g?
of Clothes for Men, Boys and Children. Every garment was regarded by us as a £
possible "reputation builder" and was selected accordingly.- Only Clothing that we ||
could guarantee at the price, clothing that would bring a customer back to us to
again, was bought. ," j . .. : w\
The sales since our opening have been more than satisfactory, and the result is Jm
many broken lines of the best things that we had to offer. 8/
Broken lines in the «\
V^ ■• *T /^^ /1 \ / \ 501Q 3.5 lli^n 3.S J?^j jat {&/
A^ v n Y^-Ji \ th* Special Clearing *
/^V^S^\ '/|i^ '/ A / \ C T)r) Sale Price of $2 ' 6s a' R
f Boys' Suit Depart- §1
ment. All-wool Knee ™
/ I 1/^4 \I • K-\ T" * r All-Woo! Tweeds, f
/' / ' ■p.J 1^ \/^j L I gray,brownandTan, w
-\A , P ") I j. V ) \TP7 plain colors, mix-, o
( ' LI \ \ A./ W\ 1 tures, plaids. • Also W
f) AY WV Pants and Suits for %
boys Bto 14 years of w?
age, some of which
sold as high as $5, at <$)
the Special Clearing »
Sale Price of $2.65 a j|
All-Wool Tweeds, %
gray,brown and Tan, g)
plain colors, mix- )g
tures, plaids. Also if
Fast Black Cheviots, ji
We have lower- Si
priced suits than M
these for boys. Only Jf
S^r"" — r\ \ . C?\ here and nowhere else jP
\ j \ v such value for $2.65. (I
\ ( / I\ y Boys' Shirtwaists |k
\ \\ ' m Percales and Jn
\ 1 Flannelettes. §5
V \\ Well-made, good pat- 5f
V jn terns. An excep-» Vfi
i>iAJ tional value at 50c. SI
wg£ c-' ijo A Clearing Sale m
vj & Special at 25c each. Jf
We have gathered together all of the I All-wool Cheviot in blue, black, brown, (I
Double and Single Breasted Sack Suits, gray, Oxford mixtures and plaids, per- |3
values up to $15, and offer them at the fectly tailored, and if they don't quite fit, Wv
very Special Clearing Price of $8.45 a expert tailors here at your service to make 16j
suit. ■ ' them fit gj
Leather Goods Department.
Your choice of a large assortment of Coin
Purses, among which are a number of
genuine Lizard-skin Purses, usually sold
at 40c, Clearing Sale Price 25c
Your choice of a beautiful assortment of
little Carfare Purses. These come in
half a dozen kinds of leather and any
number of different shades,
Clearing Sale Price 35c
A large assortment of Alligator Pocket-
books and Cardcases combined, each with
gilt corners or center-piece. These are
the very newest things in Pocket-Books.
Clearing Sale Price 75c.
This line of Pocket-books is entirely new,
being made in imitation of Leopard-skin.
This will be one of the fads of tne season.
Clearing Sale Price 85c.
Another new line of Pocket-books, made
in imitation of Cedar-bark, in all the
newest shades, pale green, fawn, etc.,
with sterling silver corners.
Clearing Sale Price $1.00
Trunks, Are you going traveling?
! l/allcoc re tor ' runks » Valises,
YallseS) Bags and all the necessary
BagS, EtC. adjuncts of your outfit at
but one small profit on the
actual cost to manufacture them. Sample
Trunks and Cases made to order a
specialty with the EMPORIUM Trunk
Dep't. Repairing promptly attended to.
Trunk Dep't. main floor, west side, rear.
General Clearance.
Cigars by the Box.
Some Very Special Prices.
Calixto Lopez Especiale 2 for 25c
(Imported box of 50, $2.25.)
Eden Especiale 2 for 25c
(Imported box of 50, $5.00.)
El Corafina Key West Clear Ha-
vana, box of 25 $2.25
Robert Burns 2 for 25c
Robert Burns, box of 25 $2.00
j La Reina del Tropica, Clear Ha-
. I vana, box of 50 $2.00
ArtlStS Crepe and Tissue Paper. S
fc/i^*^-.* i« New ideas for Lamp I
Materials. Shades, Doll Dresses, Pa- 5
per Flowers, etc. Little mothers' outfit, /[?
containing assortment of paper-doll forms, 1«
gold and silver stars and Book of Instruc- r
tion. , \
Nursery 0utfit.......:.. 25c each M
Kindergarten Outfit —.... 25c each ><
Complete Outfit .........\2sc each iff
Containing large assortment of Crepe and (8
Tissue . Paper, » Wire, Leaves, . Centers, gl
Petals, Buds, etc., and 100-page Book of ||
Instructions, $1 each. Send for sample w
card. ' ;'■ " : " %
1* h Carpet Specials. R
/£w _» / yh Carpets will cost, you.more W
/fc&nliyK next season than normal w
[£$/&/ iS prices. The average grades d]
Wf^y/ .11 of Linoleum will be higher. /£
**~r£J[y Straw Matting will be the If
, same. If you need Carpets ft
think over these : statements. ' They are |l
the accepted facts of the trade. But with »■
scant , regard for future prices, we have Jl
Special Values this week for "prompt 0
comers," secured months ago away below It?
the present market prices. Our previous («
low prices have been again reduced, so 61
whether ■ the Carpet is needed now or ' M
later, it is a "money-making" move to Jf
buy this week. ; • . . ■ a
Best Tapestry Brussels will be 80c a yard Is
this week instead of ooc and $1 (Borders 1}
to match; also Hall and Stair Carpets). ■ M
Next Best Tapestry Brussels at 60c a yard, $,
instead of 75c and 85c elsewhere. . ' «5
Lowell Body Brussels will be $1.1714 a m
yard, instead of $1.25 and $1.35. i
Bigelow Axminsters will be $1.45 a yard, [|
instead of $1.75 and $2, the former prices N
for this grade of Axminster. m
Best All-Wool Ingrain 55c a yard, instead m
of 70c and 80c. : *
Plenty of the , lot of heavy Linoleums, 1%
4 yards wide, at 50c per square yard. Iv
One Width, you remember, covers the en- . j&
tire kitchen. J)
56
WHEEL RACES
AT PETALUMA
Olympic Club Cyclers Win
a Large Percentage
of Events.
LIBERAL PURSES GIVEN.
Exciting Finishes Mark the Con
tests on the New Four-
Lap Track.
STOCKTON SPORTING CARNIVAL
California Athletes Compete on River
and Track and in the Roped
Arena.
PETALUMA, Cai . July 4.— A large
crowd, fast and exciting racing, and an at
tendance of wheelmen from all over the
State, characterized the eleventh annual
meet of the North California Division of
the LeMrue of American Wheelmen, held
here to-day under theanspiceso! the Peta
luma Wheelmen. The new four-lap
track was expected to secure some records
for the rider?, but in this it was a disap
pointment, or perhaps it was because the
men did not rule fast enough. Still the
heats and finals of the different events
were all contested, and the times averaged
quite fast. • *>;Ur ,yi
All the prominent wheelmen of San
Francisco and other parts of the State are
here, most of them having arrived last
night. They will stay to-morrow for the
picnic run and return on Monday.
At the league hotel some of the cycling
notables registered are: F. H. Kerrigan,
F. 11. Dunne, R. M. Welch, Joseph F. '
Coffey, Sanford Plummer, Charles Jar- j
man, C. X. Ravlin, K. C. Ler.nie, James j
Joyce Jr., K. R. Driver, R. L. Long, J. S.
Conwell, George 11. Strong, R. A. Smyth,
W. 11. Stinson, H. D. Clark, Emil Leon,
George E. Dixon, George Conroy, Rudolph
Scbleuter, W. A. Terrill, Harry Monaghan,
S. B. Vincent, C. D. Bates Jr., Fred
Knight, E. R. Griffiths, A. M. Hoyden.
Henry Hilbert, Lloyd Conkling, James
W. Coffrotb. W. I. Pixley, Kenneth Mel
rose, J. K. Edwards, John S. Dannigan, \
John Dermocdy, A. P. Swam, John j
Kitchen Jr., 1.. W. ".urn?, Horace P.
Howard, Charles B. Wbeaton, Phil Carl
ton, J. A. Code, Captain Emery, John
Davidson. E. S. Battles and scores of
others. Wheelmen are everywhere and
tbe hotels are crowded with them.
This morning a competitive parade of
the clubs resulted in the California Cycling
Club getting first prize and the Reliance
Club Wheelmen second.
Although the race? in the afternoon
drew large crowds, the Petaluma Wheel
men have expended so much money in
"he preparations ana have been so lavish
in the entertainment of their guests thtt
they will profit littie oy the meet. The
prizes offered for the races are very liberal,
and all the details of the meet showed
care, attention and expense.
Ladies constituted the larger part of the
audience at the rfrack this afternoon, and
they all had their favorite?, for whom tbey
cheered enthusiastically. Allan Jones,
Bob Long. Johnny Kdwaro". Percy Mott,
Charley Bates and Hob Terrill were the
particular favorites of tbe grand stands,
and no doubt the encouragement they
thus received tended to make them exert
themselves more than ever.
The riders of the Olympic Club won more
than a majority ol the races, and the Oat
land boys from the Reliance and Acme
clubs made a good showing. The "lucky"
Bay City-* were out of luck to-day, save for
a tow places in heats they got nothing.
The iirst race of the day was the one
mile L. A. W. championship, in four heats
ana a tinai. Noonan. Santa Rosa, ana
Fantaiv Olympic, fell in the iirst heat, and
Kosenteini. Reliance, in the *econa, but
esv-apeu unhurt. l'ho*e who Qualified for
the final were: Mott. Reliance: Wing and
Chapman, Olympic; Westphal, Kenna and
NisscV.. Acme.
Mott jet tbe pace tbe first lap, Ni«sen
the second and Kenna the third, "and then
the bell rang lor the last lap and they
sprinted for home. It was a great ride be
tween all six, and Kenna, Wing ana Molt
crossed tne tape almost on a line. The
judges decided it in that order, but half
the grand star.d thought Mott was second
and voiced their . opinion noisily. The
time was 2:59 1-5, rather slow for a cham
pionship race.
After the race Referee Plnmmer dis
qualified Wine for a foul on the last lap,
which decision gave Mott second and
Riaaea third. Wine rode wide on the last
turn and crowded Mott out. j
The mile handicap (professional) run in,
two beats and a final was' a gift from the
handicapper to the long-mark men. as the
scratch men and those on back marks—
lones, Terriil, Edwards ana — had to
work so hard to catch the leaders that they
were too tired to sprint at the finish*.
Those who qualified for the final were
Dow, Whitman. Davis, Byrne, Deventha),
Cushing and Boyden. Davis won from
Boyden, though with - but little to spare,
and Whitman took tbird money,
There'wcre two accidents in the mile
handicap, amateur. In the second heat
G. M. Hamlin ran oil the bank after the
race, in which he finished second, just as
he was slowing.up. He was considerably
braised about the face and arms. Metcalf
and McKay collided in I the seventh heat,
but escaped unhurt. Those who qualified
in their heats for the final were Wing,
Noonan, Rosenheim, C. M. Smith, Chap
man, Stewart, E. J. Smith and B. C. Ray
naud. The men bad various handicap;
and were ail strung out at the start, but
they were all bunched on . the third lap,
and tbe eight men made a pretty race of it.
C. M. Smith barely b«at Chapman for first
place, and E. J. Smith was a good third,
the others all close up.
The one-half mile professional scratch
was divided into three heats and a final,
and brought out all the cracks in this
class on the coast. In (he first heat Down
ing. Edwards, Byrne, Lone and Gunn
started. It was a "Joel" for the first lap,
but they livened up the pace on the sec
ond. Edwards looked ail the way a win
ner coming into the stretch, but Long
came fast on the outside and beat him,
and Downing wheeled into second place.
Time, 1:22 2-5.
In the second heat were Jones, Barnes,
Boyden, Osen and dishing. It was a pretty
finish between Jones, Osen and Boyden,
who crossed the line in that order in
1:141-5. -
Dow, Haley. "Bob" Terrill, Davis and
Whitman rode the third heat. The latter
fell on the second lap, his rear tire col
lapsing. Terrill won as he pleased in 1:15,
Dow second.
This brought into the final r Jones, Ter
rill. Long, Osen,- Dow and Downing, who
lined tip for the start in that order from
the pole. A special prize of $15 was of
fered by the management for the rider
ahead at the end of the final lap, which in
duced the men to sprint for the lead | from
the start. Downing got the coveted place;
NEW TO-DAT. ~— ?
B-AJSTKII^TJIRT STOCK!.
On Monday morning we begin the sale of this magnificent stock of Fancy and Staple Dry Goods purchased at FIFTY-SEVEN AND A HALF CENTS on the dollar from the
BOARD OF TRADE, as the letter published below will indicate. To show the supremacy of THE MAZE as the greatest bargain-givers in this city, W3 will sell this stock as we bought
it, to add to our reputation and as a Midsummer Advertisement.
UR."Sr G-OOIDS -A.T ElI m T75r-JsiaEl'^7"3Es3>T -A.»rX» HALF CENTS OIST THE TnniT-T-ATI, .
BANKRUPT NOTIONS.
For 5 Cents.
Misses' Sanitaiy Hose-Supporters, sizes
24 and 26, worth 2. r ic.
For 5 Centi.
White Bone Glove-Stretchers, worth 20c'
I or 10 Cents.
Olivewood Glove-Stretchers, worth 25c.
For. 5 Cents.
Eight-inch Nickel ?hoe-Buttoners,
repousse handle, worth 15c.
For. 1 Cents.
Ten-inch Wood-handle Shoe-Buttoners>
worth 10c
For 10 Centa Dozen.
Smoked Pear'.ine Dress Buttons, with
steel shanks, 20 line, worth 25c.
For 10 Cents Dozen.
Smoked Pesrl Press Buttons, 2-hole,
23-line, worth 25c.
Fop 2 Cents.
Hairpin Cabinets, were »c.
Tor 1 Cent. > Ct." 7 •
I Large Cut Jet Head Hatpins, worth sc.
For 10 Cent*. - /
Genuine Caufield Dress-Si size 2,
black only, worth 25c r. ; ,l
For 2 Cents Dozen.
Mac. Louie's Lead Hair-Crimpers,
worth sc.
For 2}£ Cents Box-
Fluffy Fedora Hair-Crimpers, worth 5c
For 2 Cents Roll.
Black Cotton Tape, 16, 18 and 20,
wortli oc.
For 2 Cent*.
Heavy Nickel Blanket Safety Pins,
worth se. /?*""."■ •• -
For 2 Cents Box.
Bright and Dull Head Shawl-Pins, 12
la Lkix. worth 10c.
l'.ir 10 Cents.
Silk Corset-Laces, 3 and 4 yards long,
pink, blue, red, yellow and tan, worth 10c
lor 2 Cents.
Silk Dress and Blouse Laces, all colors,
worth 5 c.
1 or 5 Cent*.
White Herring-bone Dress Belting, 1
inch wide, 9-yard piece, worth 20c
For 10 Cents Dozen.
Metal Press Buttons, all colors, worth
up to 35c
For 5 Cents Yard.
Hook-and-Eye Tape, white, gray and
black, worth 12>4c.
For 2 .Cents Dozen.
Darning Cotton, any color.
l"or 1 Cent Paper.
English Needles, 3 to 9, worth sc.
lor 1 Cent Karh.
Silk Ta«sels and Pon Pon«. any color, for
fancy work, worth up to $1 dozen.
lor 1 Cent a Lap.
Berlin Zephyrs, pink, red, tan or gray,
slightly soiled.
For 5 Cents K&ch.
Silk Frogs and Military Press Orna-
ments, in black and colors, worth 25c.
but the effort was too much for him, and
he was not In it at the rinish. In a pretty
ride from the last turn, Osen beat Terrill
by inches, Dow being a close third. Time,
1:11 4-:..
The Reliance Club Wheelmen of Oak
land had good reason to be joyful after
the linai of the half-mile amateur scratch
was run. Their men. Yeoman and Bates, |
finished first and second in this race, and
their fellow-members yelled themselves
hoarse in their joy over the result. Wing
of the Olympics was third. The time was
1:061*5. Hamlin ot the Sau Kranciecos
lead at the end of the first lap, and won a
special prile for his effort.
Of tne seven clubs entered for the tan
dem trials against time, unpaced, bnt I
three rode. The Noonan brothers of Santa j
Eton and Wing aud Smith, Olympic, tied i
for fastest time, each making the mile in j
2 :06 1-5. The record is 2 :03.
The following is the summary:
Half-mile scratch, professional: First heat—
R. L. Lone, Bay City, first; 11. Downing, Gar
den City, second. Time, 1 :22 2-5.
Second heat— Allan Jones, Olympic, first;
Oscar Osen, Olympic, second. Time, 1:14 1-5.
Third heat— W. A Terrill, Bay City, first; R.
E. Dow, Garden City, second. Time, 1 :15.
Final heat— Oscar Osen, Olympic, first: W.
A. Terrill, Bay City, second; R. E. Dew, Gar
den City, third. Time, 1 :11 4-5.
. One mile, L. A. w. State championship: First
heat— P. R. Mot;. Reliance, first; G. A. Xixsen,
Acme, second. Time, 2 :-? 2-5.
Second heat— K. Wing, Olympic, first: L.
E. Smith. Santa Rosa, second. Time, 2:39 2-.">.
Third heat— G. Westphal, Acme, first; C. D.
Bates Jr., Reliance, second. Time, 2:33.
Fourth heat— J. K. Kenna, Acme, first; Ed
Chapman, Olympic, second. Time, 2 :29 3-5.
Final heat— R. Kenna, Acme, first; P. R.
Mott. Reliance, second; G. A. Nissen, Acme,
iniru. Time, 2:591-5.
Half-mile scratch, amateur: First beat— CD.
Bates Jr., Reliance, first; C. M. Smith, Garden
City, second. Time. 1:19.
Second heat— G. M. Hamlin, San Francisco,
first; C. A. Kraft, Bay City, second. Time.
1:12 4-5.
Third heat— J. E. Wing, Olympic first; H.
Noonan. Santa Rosa, second. Time, 1 :1 > 3-5.
Fourth heat— Westphal, Acme, first: CM.
Acker man, Petaluma, second. Time, 1:14 4-5.
Fifth teat— J. P.. Kenna, Acme, first; Ed
Chapman, Olympic, second. Time, 1:23.
Sixth heat— William Yeoman, Reliance, first;
W. S. Bacon. Olympic, second. Time, 1 :2 l 1-5.
Final — William Yeoman, Reliance, first;
C. D. Bate* Jr., second; J. E. Wing, Olympic,
third. Time, 1:12 4-5.
One mile, handicap, professional: First heat
— D. E. Whitman, first, ."Hi yards; F. M. Byrne,
Imperial, second, 75 yards; E. Delven'tha".,
Healdsburjr. third. 135 yards: R. E. Dow, Gar
den City, fourth, 45 yards. Time. 2:15 1-5.
Second heat— L. Dsvis, Olympic, first, 70
yards; A. M. Boyden, Reliance, second, 115
yard*; R. Cuxhin?, Garden City, third. 75
yards; O'Car Osen, Olympic, fourth, 50 yards.
Time, 2:10 2-t>.
Final heal— L. - Davis. Olympic, first, 70
yards; A. M. Boyden. Reliance, second, 115
yards; D. E. Whitman, Olympic, third, 50
yards., 1ime, 2:15 2-5. . .
Mile handicap, amateur: First beat — J. E.
Win;, Olympic, first, scratch; K. Robinson,
(70), fcan Francisco; Percy Mott (25). Reliance,
dead beat for second. Time, 2:47 &5. -
■ becond heat— B. Xoonan, Santa Rosa, first,
40 yards; G.M. Hamlin, San Francisco, second,
25 yards. Time, 2 :•-.". 2-5.
Third heat— 11. Rose&heim, Reliance, first,
110 yards* B. C. Raynaud, Bay City, second.
55 yards. Time. 2:19 3-5.
Fourth heat— C. M. Smith. Garden City, first.
25 yards; W. S. Bacon, Olympic, second, 90
yards. Time, 2:21."
. Fifth heat— Ed Chapman, Olympic, first. 30
yard*; William .Yeoman, Reliance, second
scratch. Time, 2. -23 3-5.
iixth heat— l. A. Stewart, Healdsbnrg, first
80 yards; P. Deacon, Reliance, second, 60
yards. Time, 2:40 2-5.
seventh heat— E. J. Smith, Acme,' 90 yard* ;
C. F. Lemmon, Olympic, second, 75 yards.
Time. 2:41. .
Final heat— C. M. Smith, Olympic, first, 25
yards: Ed Chapman, Olympic, second, 30
yards; E. \J. Smith, Acme, third, lime
2:14
One-mile tandem (each team xaablnz an nn
paced trial), X. W. Harvey and H. P. Esreberg,
California, time 2:12 2-5; Benjamin Noonan
and Henry Xoonan,&s.nta Rosa, time 2:06 1-5-
J. E. Wing and C. M. Smith, Olympic, time
2:OG 1-5.
, The officers of the meet were: Referee,
Sanford •• Plummer: judges — L. A. Burns,
H.F.Wynne, James F. Coffey; timers-
George Strong, James Joyce Jr.", H. Haden
felt, Captain Pixley ; 2 announcer, Harry
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
BANKRUPT LACES,
For 10 Cents Yard.
Colored Silk Laces in light shades, for mil-
linery or fancy work, Chantilly, Chiffon,
Spanish and others. They vary up to 9 Inches
and were sold as high as 50c yard.
For 5 Cents Yard.
Cotton Wasn Laces, Guipure, Oriental and
Applique, up to 2% inches wide.
For 1O Cents Yard.
Point de Paris, Egyptian, Guipure, Norman-
die, Oriental, etc, up 10 5 inches.
For 15 Cents Yard.
Applique, Bruges, Net Top, Oriental, De
Gene, etc, up to U inches.
BANKRUPT TRIHHIKS.
For 5 Cents Yard.
Silk Featherlne and Pleated Ribbon Trim-
ming, any color, worth 25c
For 10 Cents Yard. -
Silk Drop Bolero and Bugle Trimmings, any
color, worth 25c.
For 15 Cents Piece.
Mohair Soutache Braid, 2 doxen yards In
piece, dress colors, worth 35c
I For 10 Cents Yard. :
Black Silk Passementeries, 2 to 4 Inches
wide, worth up to 7oc.
For 3 Cents Yard.
Black and Steel Tinsel Gimps, }$ to 1 Inch
wide, worth up to 25c
For 25 Cents Yard.
Plu^h Hand Trimming, 3 inches wide, 2 rows
of colored beads on each aide, worth $1.
BANKRUPT VEILINGS, ETC.
I For 10 Cents Yard.
Black and Colored Sewing Silk Veilings,
worth 20c. ,
j For 1O Cents Yard.
Double-width Black and Colored Veilings,
■ different size dot.
For 3 Cent* Yard.
Single-width Silk Veiling, black and colors,
plain aud dotted.
For 10 Cent«.
Lsdies' F»ncy White and Colored Chemisette
and Shirt Fronts, were sold at 50c
For 5 Cents.
Ladies' Fancy Percale Cape Collars, 3c each,
. cuffs to match 5c pair.
For 1O Cents.
Ladies' Fancy Ruffled Front Chemisettes, 10c
each, cuffs to match 10c pair.
For 8 Cents Yard.
Fancy Silk and Net Neck Ruching, in dainty
colorings, worth up to 50c \ -'
For 49 Oenti.
Farcy Colored Feather Boas, with long silk
! ribbon streamers, were originally $1.
For 5 Cents.
Ladles' Gauze Stock Collars, all colors, worth
25c
For 5 Cent*. "
Ladies' Scalloped Embroidered Lawn
Handkerchiefs, worth 10c
Fop S>3 Cents.
Better grade, finer and more elaborate pat-
terns, worth 12}£c J
' For 10 Cents.
Still better, with Irish Point or Guipure
edges, worth 20c.
Monohan; clerk. Walter Gildert; starter,
K. Lennie; scorer, George W. Brouilett.
STOCKTON CANNIVAL OF SPORT
/fore* oh Land and Water, Fotloired by
Horing Tournament.
STOCKTON, Cal., July 4. — To-day's
carnival of sports was a great success. The
regatta on the channel was witnessed by
thousands. . The first event was the junior
outrigger-skiff event, in which George W.
Phelan of the Ariel Rowing Club and A.
Webb and E. B. Had cock of the Ala
meda Boating Club entered. Phelan was
the first to get the water and led the way
down the course. He turned the stake
boat two lengths ahead of Hadcock and
came away an easy winner. He romped
home in easy time and won by two
lengths in 13 1-5 minutes, with Hadcock
second.
The second event was the junior barge
race, in which the South End Rowing
Club entered: Ed Tobin, bow; Mattßreen,
forward-waist; — James, after-waist; J.
E. Scully, stroke; George McGuire, cock
swain. The Stockton Athletic Associa
tion entered: W. Folger, bow; Fred Ar
nold, forward-waist; J? SUva, after- waist;
J. Burns, stroke; W. Dolan, cockswain.
The Stockton men were the first to
catch the water and led for a time, but the
South Ends were rowing a SS-stroke to the
Stocktons' 40, and the steady pace of the
men from the City counted in the long
run. The Stockton men turned the stake
boat first, but on the run home tne South
Ends caught and passed them and won by
threelength3 in 10 mm. 27 sec
The next race was for the senior out
rigger skiff? in which there were three
entries— F. W. Ayres and S. J. Pembroke
of the Alameda Boating Club and James
Wilson of the Ariel Rowing Clab. Ayres
pulled . well and surprised the knowing
ones. Wilson beat him to the stake, but
on the home journey Ayres forged ahead
and won by eight lengths in 11:49. Wilson
lini«hed second, with Pembroke out of tne
race.
The single scull event was a surprise to
everybody. Alt expected to see McCans
land win. The entries were W. J. Me-
Caualand of the Ariel Rowing Club,
Frank Dupiissea of the South End Rowing
Club and Louis Giovanessi of tbe Stockton
Athletic Association. Giovanessi got the
best of the start, but after that he was
never in the race, a* Daplis?ea palled the
race of his life and led from the start to
the finish. He won by two lengths in
11:232-5. from McCauiland.
The last race in the regatta was the in
termediate barge race, in which the South
Knd Rowing Club entered the same crew
that went in the junior race; the Stockton
Atnietic Association the Giant crew, with
Tom Carkeek, bow; Charles Spencer, for
ward; G. E. Chapman, after- waist; Carl
Davis, stroke; Will Dolan, cockswain.
Owine to a long delay on tbe part of the
Souti hnds and to the statement made by
Pembroke of the Alanieda Rowing Club
that the South Ends were not going to
row, only two crews started. The other
crew was that of the A.ameda Rowing
Club, composed of Ai Bullion, bow; \\ .
Hansen. forward-wai-t; At Webb, after
waist; F. W. Ayres, stroke. Toe Stockton
men won as they pleased.
The field-day games were even more suc
cessful than tbe resatta. In tbe bicycle
race there were rive entrie?. Tbe race was
for the championship of San Joaquin
County, and was won by J. K. Crump in
2:27 2-5, with T. R. McCuen second.
W« £. Dawson of the Amateur Academic
League won the pole vault, with Donald
Wood rum of the same team second.
In the one mile handicap there were
tweire entries, and J. E. Crump of the
Stockton Road Club, the scratch man,
won in 2:33, with T. R. McCuen of the
same club second.
The 100-yard dash was won by Tom Car
keek of the Stockton Athletic Association
in :10 2-5, with E. C. Mau of the Amateur
Academic League second.
In the running high jump, W. B. Samp
ton of the Stockton High School won with
R.EA.ID THIS LiETTHR :
TO r«
E. WINEBURGH. _
""' &%7&\j£z<MC&)Cq' June 27th, 1896. „
The Hamburger Company,
San Francisco, California.
Gentlemen:*
L.. Yours of the 24th inst., covering bid of 57-1/2 cents on the
dollar of the inventory of the assets of E. "Wineburgh, of Los Angeles,
Cal., received. Same "being the highest bid presented, has been ac-
cepted, and the stocK and fixtures will be turned over to you at once.
Yours truly ,
H. L. SMITH,
' j^~y^^ secretary^-.
tDict.) <^C "\^tSecV
i ■-.■.. ... —
BANKRUPT^ SILKS.
i For 25 rents yard.
Fancy Silk Crepe in light or dark tints, were |
$150.
For 25 cents yard.
Colored Dress Satin in a few desirable colors,
were 75c
For 35 cent* yard. ■
! Heavy All-Silk French Surah. 20 inches wide,
j light, medium and dark, were 75c •
; For 49 cents yard.
i Heavy Black Brocaded Gros-Grain Silk, 20
, inches wide, worth Ssc
For 35 contt yard.
Fancy Striped Evening Silks, white ground
I with pretty colored stripes, were 75c.
BANKRUPT MESS GOODS.
! For 15 cent«.
Fancy. Mohair Summer Fabrics in pretty
shade;, were 25c and 30c.
For 25 cents.
Ail-Wool French Surah Serge, in leading
dress colors, were sold at 50c
For 25 cents. ' "~.tl' ."■
Black Figured Brilliaotine Alpacas, worth
; 35c •>.■ ..'
j For 29 cent*.
Black Figured Mohairs and Alpacas, worth
, 45c
; For 15 cents. i,^'j.-Ti>i«
Handsome Silk-Striped Wool Challie, worth
; 35c. -
BANKRUPT: wraps.
, For C 9 cents.
Misses' Reefer Coats In red, tan or navy cloth,
were $1 75.
For 95 cent*.
i Ladies' Tailor-made Capes, In tan or blue,
' worth $1 75.
For SI. to SI M.
Single or Double Cloth Cape?, that sold up to
, $5 00.
' For 82.95.
Ladies' Jacket of Tan Cloth, box front, large
pearl buttons, full mandolin sleeve and pleated
I back, worth £5 00. .-s,* \
For 5 :».9.V ->^:;£^ « <;«*^ . .
Ladies' Fine Cloth Coat In black, tan or
navy, tailor made, with box front, velvet collar,
pleated back and full sleeve, worth $7 50.
5 feet -2 inches, with J. M. Deeds of the Re
liance Athletic Club second.
The half-mile run was taken by Edward
H. Ziska of the San Francisco Young
Men's Christian Association in 2:03 2-5,
with Fred Russ of the Amateur Athletic
League second.
Robert Edgren won the sixteen-pound
hammer-tnrow and established a coast
record with 134 feet 6 inches to his credit.
Donald Woodrum of the Amateur Aca
demic League was second.
Good time was made in the 220 dash.
W. B. West of the Oakland Young Men's
Christian Association won in 22 4-5, with
Frank Jenks of the Amateur Academic
League second.
Dawson of the Amateur Athletic League
tootc the 220-yard hurdles with ease in
:30 1-5, with Harry A. Keeler of the Ama
teur Athletic League second.
Adolph Cheek took the sixteen-pound
shot contest with 38 feet to his credit,
with Edgren second.
Tne mile walK was a gift to H. R. Tinnin
of Stanford '90 in 7:34 2-5. 0. M. "Walsh.
who made Merwin walk on May 2, was
second.
In the 440-yard dash there were five en
tries and it was a close race. It was won
by W. B. West in :55 4-5. with Malloy
G. C. Dodwellof Wellington, New Zealand,
second.
The running broad jump was taken by
E. C. Mau of the Amateur Athletic
League, with 20 3-10 feet, with Adolph
Cheek, Amateur Athletic League, second.
The mile run was tasen oy Edward H.
Ziska of the San Francisco Youne Men's
Christian Association, with Bert Melone
of the Stockton Athletic Club second.
In throwing the 56-pound shot Edgren
won in a walk, with Tom Carkeek of
Stockton second.
Tne boxing tournament drew some 3000
people to the pavilion. The ring was
pitched in the middle of the big hall, and
when Boxing Instructor Armstrong of the
Stockton Athletic Association announced
the first event every seat about the ring
was taken.
The first bout was a four-round contest
between Charles Rochette and Frank Ra
pnael. The contest was spirited, but
neither secured a decision.
The audience wanted to see some gore
and it waited patiently. It was soon to
see it. Ben Maxwe.l and Jack Hopkins
donned the mittens. Maxwell is a local
colored man, who has a good future before
him. At the end of the first round Hop
kins threw up the sponge and quit. Max
well was given the decision
George Green and Armstrong next
sparreu four clever rounds and drew much
applause for their quick work.
The contest of the evening followed. It
was between Theodore Van Buskirk and
Pat«y Corrigan for six rounds. Van Bus
kirk went at his man from the start and
soon had him blejeding from mouth and
nose. He knocked the Australian down
three times in the first round, but Corrigan
seemed a glutton for punishment and again
faced the music. Van Buskirk went at
him in the second. Three times he knocked
him down aud finally got in a right on the
jaw that put Corrigan to sleep.
The police then interfered *nd prevented
the ten-round contest between Charlie
Turner and Tom Barry. Cries for Barry
and Turner were heard on all sides, but
the officers would not permit them to go
on, as it was known that it would be another
Knockout affair. R a f e Turner and Ben
Maiwell sparred tnree rounds in their
?tead and then Charlie Turner sparred
four rounds with a heavy-wei*ht colored
man by the came of George Washington.
Turner had the best of it, but Washington
showed up very well.
SACREMENTO HEATS STOCETON.
Capital City fTheelmem ' Win, th* Tifty-
Mile Belay Mace.
SACRAMENTO, Cal,, July 4--The
fifty-mile relay race between the Capital
City and Terminal City wheelmen at the
fair grounds to-day resulted in a victory
for the Sacramento lads, in the first lap.
Bmith of Sacramento lost nearly « half
BANKRUPT SHIRT WAISTS.
For 25 Cents.
Ladies' striped Percale Waists, with new-
style white collars, full Bishop sleeve and yoke
back, worth 75c.
For 39 Cents.
Ladies' Fancy Percale Waists, new-style at-
tached collar and cuffs to match, BishoD sleeve,
yoke back, worth 75c.
Fop 50 Cents. ~~
Ladies' fancy striped and mottled Percale
Waists, collars and cuffs to match, Dink, light
blue or green, worth .*l.
For 90 Cents.
Ladies' new-style Dresden and Persian Per-
cale and Lawn Waists, separate collars, stylish
shirred top, full Bishop sleeve and short cuffs,
worth $1 50.
For 81.25.
Ladies' new-style French Organdie Waists,
Persian designs, separate collar and new cuffs,
with full Bishop sleeve, shirred at shoulder,
worth $2.
BANKRUPT SKIRTS.
For 54.35.
A sample line of Ladies' Dress Skirts, made
of blue or black Storm — plaiu or figured
black Alpaca black Boucle or Creponne, and
fancy mixtures, all cut in new lull flaring
sham; and lined all through with rustle Per-
caline, worth up to $9 each. s
BANKRUPT SUITS.
For 83.50. L^'V
Pretty tailor-made Duck Dresses, worth $3.
For ST. SO.
Navy and black Serge or mixed Cheviot
tailor-made Suits, elegantly made and finished
In first-class style, worth $10.
In our Downstairs Salesroom you'll find
SOME.SPECIAL GARMENTS this week in Seal
Plush Garments and lon.-, weight Cloth
Coats at less than 25 cents on the dollar.
mile through the breaking of a chain.
Welsh, who followed him, made a gain on
his opponent of five-sixteenths of a mile,
and Louie Payen, the third Sacramento
relay man, overtook his opponent in tne
second mile and in the lifth had passed
him, having 100 yards to the good. The
result by relays follows:
First relay— Eddie Fisher ot Stockton beat
Robert Smith of Sacramento. Time, 13:37.
Second relay— Otto Sulback of Stockton beat
Thomas Welsh of Sacramento. Time, 14:11.
Third relay — Louis Payen of Sacramento beat
Ole Christerfuson of Stockton. Time, 13:30.
Fourth relay— Arthur Healey of Stockton
beat William Hubert of Sacramento. Time,
15 :20.
Fitth relay— Walter Leith of Sacramento beat
Al Thorp of Stockton. Time, l."» 90.
Sixth relay — H.Tenßoscnof Sacramento beat
H. Burner of Stockton. Time, 14:5 O.
Seventh relay — C. P. Wilson of Sacramento
beat C. Thetheway of Stockton. Time, 13:49.
Eighth relay — Jacob Hirsch of Sacramento
beat Sabe Gist of Stockton. Time, 13:51.
Ninth relay — George Readnaan of Sacramento
beat Waiter Hansel of Stockton. Time,
13 :23? v
Tenth relay— Lester Young of Sacramento
beat Joe Maley of Stockton. Time, 13:16 1-5.
Young, in making the best relay time,
wheeled the fastest mile, riding in 2:28 2-5.
The Capital Citys covered the fifty miles
in 2:22:371-5. "The Terminal Citys were
3:22 2 b behind.
SANTA MONICA RACES.
Lot Angtlem Bidtrt Capture the Tteenty-
-Vile Event.
SANTA MONICA, Cai~, July 4.— The
sixth annual twenty-mile roadrace be
tween Los Angeles and Santa Monica took
place to-day. There were ninety-six en
tries, ninety of whom started and seventy
eight finished. The course in the country
section of the run was exceedingly dusty,
making it impossible for the riders to lower
the record of last year, 49:45. Every
wheelman in Southern California who
could attend was at the finish-post, 2500 or
3000 cyclists being in town.
The first to cross the tape was S. F.
Boettcher; second. R. H. Boe etcher; third
R. C. Hanlan — Los Angeles riders and
10-minute men. G. Rodriquez won the
first time prize in 51 minutes. A. D.
Tompkins was a close second. -
In the afternoon, the .wheelmen con
tinned their sports with a series of races at
the track, the grand stand and bleachers
being crowded. Following is the sum
mary:
Mile open asaatenr— Fritz Lacey won, H.
?qnires second, Phil Kitchen thirO. Time,
S .20 4-5.
Mile open professional — Hert McCrea won.
W. Hat.on second, \V. a. Taylor third. Time,
2:211-5.
S Mile amateur handicap— F. A. Bell. SO yards,
won ; H. B. Cromwell, SO yards, second; £. Ul
bricht, scratch, third. Time, 2:21.
Five-mile amateur handicap— H. B. Crom
well. 100 yards, won; F. A. Bell, scratch, sec
ond; W. K. Kens?, 100 yards, third. Time,
13:23 1-5.
Three-mile professional — Charles
Miller, 100 yards, won ; W. A. ■ Taylor, 100
yards, second: W. M. Aldridge, 350 yard*,
third. Time, 7:53 2-5.
-Exhibition half mile, paced— Robert Woods
(12 yean old), 1:03 3-5.
Exhibition, one-third mile, paced— Little
Kniflenberjr, 1:27.
Coasting ■ amateur, scratch— W. .E. Herman
won, F. A. Bell second.
The Southern California Polo Club
opened the season to-day on its grounds
here. The opposing teams were composed
of the following riders:
Blacks— O. L. Wariar. Captain Bo! ton, W.
Russell Ward, A. A. Alvord.
Yeilowt— J. B. Proc:er, W. H. Young, Dr. J.
A. Edmonds, J. Erwin Hoy.
The yellows were outclassed and suf
fered defeat. Score 6to 2.
The club will give exhibition games
every Wednesday and Saturday during
the summer, dosing with a series of races
on Admission day. On Monday it will give
a series of races as an inaugural of the
season's play.
Oakland De feats San Jobs.
?AN' JOSE, Cal., July 4,— The league
BANKRUPT DOMESTICS. j
For 4 Cent*.
Indigo Blue Calico, worth CJ^c.
For B}'3 Cent s.
Figured Turkey Red Calico, was 12^c.
For 9 Cents.
Figured French Satines, were 20c
For 6% Cents. '
Fancy Figured Creponnes, were 12J^c
For Cents.
Fancy Figured Dimity, worth 12J^c
For 5 Cents. k
Fancy Dress Zephyrs, worth 10c.
For 5 Cents.
Double-fold Scotch Plaids, were loc
For 6% Cents.
White Checked Nainsook, was 10c
For 9 Cants.
Bleached Canton Flannel, worth 12»^c
For 7J^ Cents.
. 36-inch Bleached Masonviile Muslin.
For 7^ Cent*.
Fancy Flannelette, was 12% c.
For 5 Cents.
Scotcn Plaid Flannelette, was 12% c
For 39 Cents.
All-Wool White Flannel, worth 60c .
BANKRUPT LIKENS. ETC.
For 15 Cents.
Turkey Red Damask, worth 25c.
For 21 Cents.
Cream Table Linen, worth 30c
. For 42 Cents.
: Cream Table Linen, worth 60c.
For 26 Cents.
White Table Linen, worth 35c.
For 42 Cents. : \?'.
White Table Linen, worth 65c
For 95 Cents Dozen.
»£ White Napkins, worth $1 25.
Fur 51. 40.
% Bleached Napkins, were $2.
\ For 10 Cents.
I Fringed Linen Towels, worth 12J^e. • \
! For 1214 Cent*.
Cream Damask Towels, worth 20C.
For 59 Cents Fair.
Nottingham Curtains, worth 85c
For 81.15 Pair.
Nouingnam Curtains, worth $1 75.
For 82.35 Pair.
Irish Point Curtains, worth $3 50. x
For 10 Cents Yard.
i Japanese Drapery Crepe, was 20c.
{ For 53. 65 Pair.
All-wool California Blankets, worth $5.
For SI.IO.
White Bedspreads, worth $1 50.
BANKRUPT ART GOODS.
For 10 Cent*.
t Satine Tidies, lace edge, were 25c.
! For 5 Cents.
Silkaline and Satine Tidies, were 15c. .*
For 15 Cents.
Bureau Scarfs, hand-painted and silk fringe,
were 50c.
For 15 Cent*.
English Satine Cushion Covers, stamped In
! fruit and floral designs, were 50c each.
! For 19 Cents. -' ,
I Satin Pin-Cushion Covers, embroidered with
silk, were 50c.
For 19 Cents.
Antique Linen Lace Tidies, 18 inches square,
worth 35c.
For 35 Cents.
Applique Lace Tidies, large enough for a !
pillow cover, were 75c
; For 3 Cents. -
I Babies' Twilled Cotton Bibs, with kinder- !
' garten designs.
For 5 Cents.
Momie Linen Doylies, fringed and open
' work, stamped for etching.
, For 1O Cents.
i Linen Splashers, 34x22 inch, stamped for
I etching, were 25c
of *\q 0 /ar
oaseball game at Garden City Cyclers'
Park this afternoon was won by Oakland,
the home team falling easy prey to the
visitors by a score of 3 to 4. Russell
pitched for the Oaklands and did good
work, but Corcoran, who was in the box
for the local nine, was hit hard. The fea
ture of the game was the infield wore of
Farry, McGucken and Foley of the home
team. Taere were only about 200 people
present.
IRE NATIONAL GAME.
Cleveland Takes first I'lace in the Bate
for the Pnmoiit.
CLEVELAND, Omo. July 4»— Cleveland took
first place in the race for the pennant this af
ternoon by winning the came from St. Louis.
The crowd went wild when the score, showing
that Baltimore had been beaten, was posted.
The Browns clearly outfielded the Spiders, bat
were shy a run at tt« cmL Attendance
10,000. Score:
Clevelands 5, 11, 2. S:. Louis 4. 8,2. Bat
teries — Young and O'Connor; Hart and Mc-
Fariand. Umpire— Sheridan.
In the morning game Wilson pitched steady
and effective. Donahue, who was on the rub
ber for the Browns, was hit hard in spots, and
at times was very wild. Score: Clevelands 8,
13, 1. St. Louis 8, 9, 2. Batteries— Wilson
and O'Connor ; Donahue and McFarland. Um
pire — Sheridan.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., July 4.-The morning
game was won easily by the Washington;, who
gave Carsey a terrific drubbing. Score:
Philadelphia*— 13, 1; Washingtons— 13,
22, 3. Batteries — Carsey and Clement;; ilc-
James and McGuire. Umpire— Hurst
Afternoon game: Philadelphia*— 21.3;
Washington;.— l 9. 1. Batteries— Taylor and
Clement; Kinga^d McCauley. — Hurst.
NEW YORK. N. V., July 4.— The Baltimores
defeated the New Yorks this morning because
of rank errors made at critical times. Score :
New Yorks— lo, l6,6; Baitimores— ll, l4, 3.
Batteries — Clark and Zearfoss; Pond.Esper and
Clarke. Umpire — Emilie.
PITTSBURG, Pa., July Cincinnati took
the morning: game from Pittsburg to-day be
cause the home team could not hit Dwver.
Score: .
PitUburg, 1, 4, 0. Cincinnati!, 3, 6, 1. Bat
—Hughey and Sugden, Dwyer and Peiiz.
Umpire Lynch.
PU^sburg took the second tame from Cincin
nati to-day after a hard battle, scoring the
winning run in the ninth inning owing to an
error by G. Smith. Score:
Pittsburgh, 4, 12. 2. Cincinnati*, 3, 11.3.
Batteries— Killen and Sugden, Ehrel and Peiu.
Umpire Lynch.
BROOKLYN, N. V., July 4.— ln a pitchers'
battle the Bostons defeated the Brooklyn^
to-day. Score:
Bostons 3. 5, 4; Brooklyns 2, 5, 1.
Batteries— "and Tenney; Abbey and
Burrell. Umpire— Belts.
The Bostons won the afternoon game. Stein
lasted three innings and was relieved by Daub.
While the Bostons could only tal y one run in
the remaining innings the home players were
held. safe throughout, Nichols being in the
best of form. Sco :
Brooklyns 2. 6, 3 : Bostons 7,9, 0. Batteries-
Daub and Grim; Nichols! and Tenney. Um
pire—Belts. I "
CHICAGO. 111, July The Colts made
many errors in th« morning game, but the
hits tney registered on Frazer were long and
hard. Clark's triple to the rear bleachers in
the seventh brought in three ot Louisville's
five runs. No umpire showed up at the
grounds and Terry officiated. Score- '> -
Chicago*, 8, 6; Louisvilles. 5, 6, 3 Bat
teries—Urlfita and Kittridg«, Frazer and War
ner. Umpire— Terry.'
Afternoon rame-Jchlcajros, 11, 11, 2; ? Louis
ville*. 6, 8, 3. Batteries-Brim 'and DonahuaT
Cunningham and Warner. Umpire— Zeefe.
PHILADELPHIA NECANTA.
lietvlt of Trial Heats Over the Xatlonal
Cowntr.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., July 4._ The
trial heats of the annual People's Regatta
were rowed : this morning on the Schnyl
kill River, over the National course. This
re*a«« has become one of the notable
rowing event* of the year, and this year
the Tarious events were filled by some of
the best-known amateur oarsman in the
country. Four events were pulled off this
morning, two trials in the senior singles
; and two in the junior singles. • The dis
tance for all the races • was a mUe and a
BANKRUPT HOSIERY.
For Bl< Cents Pair. ■ ;^ .
Ladies' Pin-Stripe Hose.
Th«epaf« Ladies' Fast Black Cotton
Hose, double heel, sole and toe.
For 50 Cents. _ _, ... __
Three pairs of Ladies' Fine Slate or
Gray Hose, worth 25c pair.
For 5O Cents. ■ _ „ .
Three pairs of Boys'. Extra Heavy Cot-
ton Hose, black, worth 25c pair.
For 48 Cents. - _
Ladies' Scarlet Wool Vests or Pants,
worth $1 each.
For 19 Cents. _ ,
Ladies' High-neck Short-sleeves Bal-
brigsan Vests, were 50c.
For 25 Cents. '.■■'.>•" '-'V-i, '■:■.
Ladles' Wool Vests, high neck, no
sleeves, worth 50c.
For 75 Cents. / L;
Ladles' Swiss Ribbed Vests, in pink or
1 blue, were $1 J>o.
For 81.98.
Ladies' Black or White Wool Combina-
tion Suits, were $2 50.
For 53. 50. _ ..
Ladies Ypsllanti Combination Suits,
fine wool, worth $5 50.
For 50 Cent*.
Misses' Jersey Ribbed Wool Union Suits,
were $1.75.
For 50 Cents.
Ladies' White Muslin SkirU, were 75c.
For 35 Cents.
Ladies' White Muslin Skirts, were 63c.
Fop 75 Centa.
Ladies' Fine Muslin Chemise, square or
V neck, worth $1 25.
BMKRITT DRESSES.
For 39 Cent*.
Infants' Cambric Short Dresses.embroia-
ered yokes and cuffs, worth up to ?1 25.
for 25 Cents.
j Children's Percale Dresses.
For 98 Cents.
i Children's Gingham and Percale
; Dresses, up to 14 years, worth from ? 1 50
to $2 50.
For 1O Cents.
Infanta' Sleeveless Silk Vests, blue or
pink, were 50c
! For 15 Centa.
Children's Scarlet Wool Vests or Pants,
sizes 10 to 22.
For SO Cents.
Children's Scarlet Wool Vests or Pants,
sizes 24 to 34.
For 15' Cents.
Children's Natural Gray Vests or Pants,
small sizes only, worth 35c.
For 1O Cent*.
Infants' Wool Knit Vests, were 42c.
BANKRUPT BOSSETS, ETC.
! For 9 Cent*.-
Children's Openwork Lawn Bonnets,
| long ties, were 25c.
: For 25 Cents.
Infants' Lace Bonnets, full ruche fronts,
ponpon top and ribbon ties, worth up
to $1 25.
For 49 Cents.
Children's Lawn Blouse Waists, deep
sailor collars, ruffles and embroidery,
worth $1.
i For 98 C«nt«.
Children's White and Fancy Lawn
Blouse Waists, elaborately ruffled and
embroidered, were $2 50.
For 49 Cents. -, -^.i
Children's Fancy Colored or White
[ Mull Hats, any size, worth *1 50.
| half with a turn, except for the eights,
i which is a mile straightaway. In this
1 morning's trial first and second qualified
j for the finals, except where but two men
rowed, when the hind man was out for
good. In the four races this morning the
winners were not pushed. The summary
i of the trials is :
First trial, senior tingles — Fred Cresser,
i Vesper B. C. Philadelphia, first: Ed Marsh,
: Ves&er B. C. Philadelphia, second: George W.
Van Vliet, Pennsylvania Barge Club, Phila
delphia, third. Time, 10 mm. 7 1-5 sec.
Second trial, senior singles — J. B. Juvenal,
Pennsy.vania B. C, tirst; William M. Aman,
Harlem Club. Harlem, N. V., second. Time
i 10 mm. 29 sec.
First trial, junior singles— James Patrick,
Newark Rowing Ciub, Newark, N. J., nrst;
j Wiliiam Riddell, Vesper B. C. Philadelphia.
: second; Cnaries Devery, Fairmount B. C,
i Philadelphia, third; C. E. Kranter, Vesper
; B. C, fourth. Time, 11 mm. 11 sec.
Second trial, junior singles— R. C.Lockwood
West Philadelphia B. C, Philadelphia, firu
C. A. AndradeJr.,Bacne.orß.C, Philadelphia,
: second; Chris O'Connor. Seawannata B C
I Brooklyn, tMrd; M. K. Phillips, Oneida B. C,
; Burlington, N. J., ' fourth. Time, 11 mm.
' 16 4-5 sec
A. GREAT HOATRACE.
— — — ■ - _:
! VTUeonsin* Heat the Minnesota* by «
Quarter of a Length.
ST. PAUL, Mm, July The greatest
race ever rowed on Lake Minnesota was
that won this evening by the University of
Wisconsin eight over the Minnesotas of St.
Paul. The race was started at 6:20, but an
accident occurred to the Wisconsin boat
at the third stroke. Xo. 3 creaking his foot
board. This caused an exasperating delay
of nearly two hours, the Wisconsin boat
being sent to a carpenter to be repaired.
Finally the boats were lined up again at
8:16 and sent away in water that was al
most calm. The Badgers caught the water
first and were soon a length in the lead
At the Narrows, however, half-way over
the course, the Minnesotas sported and
pulled ut> to even terms. In the next half
the Wisconsin crew pulled away again and
had nearly a length the best "of it. The
last half-mile was magnificent. First one
crew and then the other spurted, the Wis
consins passing over the line a scant qnar
t6r "?A.« len B th *° the good. The time
was 10 :4_»
THE BJSALBT BEG ATT A.
If rawing to Itecide Opponents in Meats
and Bounds.
HENLEY-OX-THAMES, Esq., July 4.-
The event of interest to-day was the draw
ing to decide the opponents in the Tarious
heats and rounds in the eight-oared race
for the jrrand challenge cup, the event in
which Yale is entered and the race for the
diamond sculls. The drawing resulted :
Heat A— Leander against Yale.
Hea; New Collet against Trinity Hall.
Heat London Rowing Club against First
Heat Thames Rowing Club a bye.
_ Second round: Heat E— The winner of heat
i> against. the winner of heat A.
Heat F-O against the Thames Bowing Club.
Final heat— Winner of F against winner of E.
The Americans were out tubbing this
afternoon. -They began the regular even
ing practice at 6:15 o'clock and kept it up
tin til 7:20.
. . The drawing for the race lor the diamond
! culls resulted:
I Heat A— Beddinfton. Thames Rowing
( "tub, against F. W. Beaumont of Burton-on-
Tient.
Heat B— S. Swarm, the old Trinity Hall Bine,
against Vivian Xickolts,
Heat — £. A. Guinness • against Dr. Mc-
Dowell. . .
Heat D— B. Gninness, the present holder of
trophy, against H. BlackSt&SToi the Vesta Club.
Second Race : Heat E— The winner at heat B
against the winner of D.
- Heat Winner of C against winner of A.
Final beat— Winner of . F against the winner
of E. ■ . . ___^__^_^^^^_^
Most of the numerous temples through
out China are painted red: every thin
lucky and pleasant among the Chinese 5
of vermilion color. - - T -" .BCNDAY JULY 6, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
California Theatkb.-"A Bunch of Violets."
Columbia THEATKB-"Londor Assurance." to-
morrow night.
lloitoa > orF.BA-Hoc»E— "One or the Bravest
Tivoli OPKRA-HorsK.-«A Trip to the Moan."
( ' rnv.t-M— Hißli-Class Vaudeville.
£utbo Baths— and performances.
Shoot the Chotks— Dally at Halght street,
one block east of the Park.
Presidio Athletic Grounds— Baseball.
Baseball- Sixteenth and Folsom street*.
GOL.VKS tijtfi PABK-Goiden Gate Park Band.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Six thousand Hibernians enjoyed the Fourth
at El Campo.
The New Casino at the Chutes opened yester
day with a good variety bill.
The Emporium has donated $1000 to the
Christina Endeavor Convention hind.
F. G. Smith w»s found dead yesterday in his
late home, 1217^ Golden Gate avenue.
Trained Japanese athletes performed a num
ber of novel feats at the Presidio yesterday.
Joseph Taber and his wife, both old pioneers,
died within forty-eight hours of each other.
William Marston Bowes will be ordained a
priest of the Episcopal church next Wednes
day.
The shipping in the harbor was prettily dec
orated yesterday in honor ot the Nation's natal
day.
Light fog Sunday morning; fresh south
easterly winds increasing in force in the after-
The worst fire yesterday was in a dry-goods
store at 1304 Stockton street, where the dam
age was $200.
The Goto leprosy treatment was begun yes
terday at the Pesthouse, all the lepers taking
the medicine.
F. A. Coulter, a young painter, was drowned
yesterday in San Pablo Bay while on a pleas
ure excursion.
Several interesting and closely contested
games were played in the handball courts yes
terday afternoon.
The usual number of men and boys injured
by trie careless use of firecrackers were treated
at the Receiving Hospital yesterday.
The opening shoot of the Pacific Tournament
Association began yesterday at Alameda
Point. It will continue through to-day.
The Fourth of July street draperies of lan
terns and of fire by nisht and the fireworks
were witnessed by admiring thousands.
Waldo J defeated W. Wood in the match race
at Ingleside yesterday. The other winners
were Helena, Adele and Captain Harris.
Eloquent literary exercises in honor of "the
day we celebrate* took place in the Audi
torium in the afternoon. It was crowded.
Tne Fourth of July parade was a spectacle
of beauty two and a half miles long, and it re
quired one hour for it to pass a given point.
In the Fourth of July parade all the floats
were admired and many applauded. "The
Little Red Schoolhouse" shared in the ap
plause.
Walton Manning, an ei^ht-year-old boy, was
killed last evening by being crushed under an
electric-car at Twenty-third and Mission
streets.
George Wallenrod, superintendent of the
Aicazs-r building, committed suicide by shoot
ing himself yesterday afternoon. No cause is
known.
The Native Sons of the Golden West were in
the paradi with their beautiiuL banners and
flags. They marched ahead of the Queen of
California,
The Wi atber Bureau's box kites were caught
in a gale on Twin Peaks yesterday and too
badly dt.uaged to permit the experiment to be
carried out.
J. E. Jiebach, Government agent for the last
two years on St. George Island, one of the great
Pribilof seal rookery group, arrived yesterday
from Bering Sea.
Friday night the yacht Wave, lying at Jack
son-street wharf, was plundered by water-front
thieves and a number of valuable articles
stolen from the cabin.
The Pacific Mail steamship Colon arrived
laM nijiht twenty-one days from Panama and
anchored off Powe'l-street wharf. She will go
to tier dock this morning.
The Scottish Thistle Club celebrated Inde
pendence dnv p.t shell Mound Park yesterday
with an enjoyable programme of National
athletic games and dances.
There were three baseball gameß here yester
day. Oaklands beat Pacifies, 16 to 12; Cali
fornia* beat Imperials, 27 to 20; Stocktons
beat San Fn nciscos, 12 to 4.
Two thousand people attended the second
annual picnic of the San Francisco Letter-car
riers' Mutual Aid Association in Schuetzen
Club Park at San Rafael yesterday.
ral marchers in the Darade were over
come by the heat, and one man got too near
the guns of the model of the Oregon and re
ceived an ugly but uot a fatal wound.
There were only eleven alarms of fire be
tween 12 o'clock and 12 o'clock yesterday.
There were fourteen alarms on July 4, 1895.
Of the eleven yesterday three were false.
The principal features at the literary ex
ercises in celebration of the Fourth were the
poem by Louis A. Robertson, the oration by
Zenas U. Dodge and the patriotic tableau.
The League of the Cross Cadets had a dress
parade on Van Ness avenue yesterday after
noon before taking their departure for Sonoma,
where they are going into camp for eightdays.
A number of bell-boys at the Baldwin went
on a strike last evening. They said they had
been asked to work twelve and eighteen hours
a day. The proprietor of the hotel says their
statements are false.
D. Clifford, living on Ninth and Bryant
streets, while jumping off an electric car on
Bryant street, between Fifth and Sixth, last
evening, fractured his left leg, which was at
tended to at the Receiving Hospital.
The Japanese in the Fourth of July parade
sent up from a howitzer on Van Ness avenue
a wonderful balloon which burst in midair
and formed into a man gesticulating. The
Japanese shared the honors of the parade.
Sam Hardy of Oakland yesterday won the
final match of the ninth annual lawn-tennis
tournament of the Pacific States Association,
and the recent champion, Sumntr Hardy, be
ing absent the winner of the tournament
which ended yesterday takes the championship
by default.
Three important matters are to come before
the meeting of the directors of the local
Musicians' Union on Tuesday. The competi-'
tion on the part of the letter-carriers' band,
and of the bands of the various army and navy
posts, and the recent advent of a Russian band
are all to be considered.
The State Mining Bureau has just completed
through W. L. Watts an eighteen months'care
fui examination of the Southern California oil
regions, the idea being to furnish the public
with information showing how prolific Califor
nia is in petroleum and where oil is most likely
to be found In paying quantities. .
Frank Martin, a laborer, 40 years of age, was
arrested last night by Officer Brophy and
charged with grand larceny. He snatched a
purse from Mrs. Grace Youngman lof 21 Clara
avenue, on the corner of Stockton and O'Far
rell streets. She gave thealarm and the officer
chased the fellow for a block before overtaking
him. The purse was found in the fellow's
pocket.
The kite-flying experiment under the auspices
of The (all, and which was to have been con
ducted yesterday by Forecast Official Ham
mon. was postponed owing to the prevalence
of high winds. All preparations had been
made for exploiting the upper aerial strata to
an extent never before attempted, but Boreas
or Auster was not propitious. Mr. Hammon is
not discouraged, and says be will try again.
Edgar Emory, a bright boy, 15 years of age,
is in the City Prison, but is not charged with
any crime. He formerly lived with hisstep
father, William McDonald, in Oklahoma, who
removed to this City. The boy came on here
to join his -stepfather, arriving Tuesday night.
He has been unable to find out -where Mc-
Donald i* located, so he called at the City
Prison and told his story. He will be detained
while efforts are being made to find his step
father, j
George Brown, alias '.'Dog-face Brown," and
James Foley, ex-convicts and well-known pick
pockets, were working the 1 crowd- en Market
street, between Fourth and F fth, yesterday
morning, when they were arrested by Detec
tives Dillon and Crockett and taken to the
Southern station, where they were charged
with vagrancy. A set of pearl rosary beads
with silver links was found In Brown's pocket
and an owner is wanted for it. Brown and
Foley were arrested on Decoration day and got
thirty days in the County Jail.
During the parade yesterday there were a ■
number of ; detectives and police scattered
among the crowds on. the lookout for pick
pockets, who always infest such gatherings.
There was less - pocket-picking than usual.
However,' the police gathered in two - well
known characters who follow that business.
"wo were arrested by Detective Kilvey and
Officer Reynolds and two by Detectives Dillon
and Crockett. The pickpockets were not
charged wiih any offense, as they were not de
tected in any crooked business.
Young men orod should not fall to read Thomas
Slater's advertisement on pas'- 11. ,:"
COMPANIONS IN
LIFE AND DEATH
Joseph Taber's Wife Sur
vives Him Hardly Two
Days.
BOTH WERE PIONEERS.
Five Generations of Their Fam
ily Were Living at the
Same Time.
OLD AGE CAUSED BOTH DEATHS
A Small Estate Left, Which Will Be
Inherited by Their Two
Daughters-
For eighty-two years Joseph Taber had
wandered along life's pathway. The
memories of his youthful days had be
come chilled and dampened by the snows
of many winters, and his eyesight dimmed
by the dust, tbe glare and v the heat of
numerous summers, but his mind was
vigorous and his heart beat lightly for all
that. There was one to soothe him in his
old age, who had borne him company
through all his joys and sorrows, his red
letter days and his periods of trial and
vicissitude, his wife Caroline Taber.
Joseph bad passed the eighty-second
milestone of life, and from the eminence
to which he had climbed could gaze back
over a long and industrious career, but the
vision of his wife Caroline extended
further than that. Her toil through the
desert of life witti the rest afforded by its
oases had gone on and on for eighty-three
years. Her silvered hairs bore honorable
evidence of the crosses she had borne.
Upon the side of a hill at 1607 Mason
street lived this q".aint old couple. They
had been living there as long as the oldest
neighbors could recollect.
As regularly as clockwork their curtain
would be raised at early mom, and shortly
after the shades of twilight had fallen
their light would be extinguished. They
were regular in their habits, this old
couple. The wisdom of this course, the
old man said, their long experience had
taught them.
But a week ago there came a change. No
longer did the curtain rise in the morn
ing, and all was silent and hushed.
Kind neighbors grew apprehensive and
investigated the changed condition of
affairs. When J. T. Tate, who lives on tbe
opposite side of the street, knocked at
their door it was some time ere he ob
tained a response, and then the old man
came to the door and slowly opened it.
His strength was exhausted with the
effort and he sank to the floor.
It was a sad tale this cray-haired patri
arch bad to tell. His wife had been ail
ing in health for four or five years, and he
had done all the housework during that
time. But a few days before Tate visited
him he also had succumbed to the ravages
of time and had been forced to recline his
stiffened limbs upon a couch.
T bey did all they could for the aged
couple, these kind neighbors; medical
skill was summoned and a competent
nurse provided, but it was all in vain. The
angel of death had Knocked at their door
and marked them for his victims.
Wednesday morning at 2 o'clock tbe old
man quietly passed across the dark river,
where he firmly believed would come sur
cease of trouble and care.
His funeral procession had hardly filed
away from the undertaker's at 2 p. m. Fri
day when tbe news came that his wife also
had ceased to breathe. As she had accom
panied him in life, in death she had joined
him.
The old man was a genius, the neighbors
say, and not only furnished his house gen
erally and in detail, but made his own
clothes as well. As for the old lady, little
was seen of her. One year ago last Octo
ber she descended the steep flight of stairs
that leads to the little dwelling on the
hill, and presented a beautiful bouquet of
roses and other fragrant flowers to her
neighbor, Mrs. Tate. Prior to that time,
it is said, she had not descended those
steps for four long years.
Besides some $3000 in the bank, the old
man is said to have left real estate, with
improvements, valued at about $4000. This
will doubtless be inherited by the only
surviving relatives, his daughter and her
daughter, for both had been married be
forj their union.
The old man's daughter is the wife of
Dr. Wilder of Lob Angeles; and that of
his wife, Mrs. Caroline Guilda of Boston.
Both are said to be old women and to have
grandchildren themselves, one being said
to have even a great-grandchiid. Their
arrival here is expected at any time.
Mrs. Taber's remains are in the hands
of embalmers, and will be interred by the
side of her husband this afternoon. This
is said to be the last wish expressed by her
in life.
OPENING OF THE CASINO,
A Good Variety Bill Presented
at the New Chutes
Theater.
The Black Falti Made a Distinct
Hit — Imperial Russian
Orcbestra.
There was a large crowd at the opening
of the Chutes Casino, on Haight street,
| yesterday afternoon. The building is a
1 £ood deal in the style of the late Vienna
I Prater of Midwintet Fair fame, bu> it is
I without the cumbersome galleries whic'i
i disfigured the Prater. There are tables
| where liquid and solid refreshments can be
! partaken of, and it goes without saying
that smoking is not prohibited.
Tiie acoustic properties of the building
are by no means unsatisfactory, though in
big barnlike structures of the kind, with
high-raftered rools, it is not to be expected
that the sound will carry quite so well as
in a regularly built theater.
The loity roof, however, wiil be of great
service in giving full scope for the per
formances of acrobats and aerialists.
The Mario-Dunham family, who formed
part of yesterday's programme, appeared
to much better advantage than they had
previously done at the Orpheum on
account of the wide space for their aerial
somersaults.
The Imperial Russian Court orchestra.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
under the direction of Jules Simonoff,
made its first San Francisco appearance
and piaved popular operatic selections
brightly and crisply and with a good
rhythmic swing. The orchestra is dis
tinctly of a popuiar kind. It would be
improved by a few more strings, but the
brass is gooa and does not become noisy
and a good deal of shading was obtained.
The Black Patti made a decided hit,
receiving two encores and enough applause
to justify her in taking a third. She had a
powerful soprano voice of wide range,
which is particularly ringing in the upper
registers, and her command nver her
breath is something remarkable. Barring
too much tendency to indulge in a
tremolo, she singa with scholarly
finish, and is as much at home in florid,
bravura operatic arias as in simple folk
songs. Her first sontr yesterday was an
ana from "I Lombardi, which she sang
with the ease of an experienced prima
donna. "The Cowa Are in the Clover,"
was lr r first encore, and "Old Folks at
Home," which she sang with charming
pathos and simplicity, was her second
encore.
Professor Fred M&cart's trained African
baboon and monkey and dog comedians at
once endeared themselves to the audience
by their intelligence and agility. The
baboon was property man and showed
great industry and common sense in ar
ranging ail the accessories needed for the
performance. As for the canines, many of
them proved to be positive artists. One
little gray dog wore a wig and did a whirl
wind dance in rainbow-tinted skirts; an
other executed a skirt dance and managed
his flowing draperies like a miniature Loie
Fuller. The hero dog of the company was
a fireman, who rescued an infant from a
house which should have been ablaze, but
which the property man had forgotten to
ignite.
The dog did his part of the performance
just the same by dying of his iniuries on
the stage. His fellow-firemen gave him
a grand funeral, while his widow wept
tears over his remains.
Two other canine artists put on gloves
and showed a great deal ot science in a
three-round prize fight. They were
finally arrested for violating the law by a
dog dressed as a policeman.
The performance of Virginia Aragon, a
wire-walker, came to an abrupt end
through her apparatus breaking down.
There was a good deal of delay between
several of the acts, owing to the stage
machinery not having been completely
finished.
Crowds of people visited the other at
tractions at the Chutes, which have been
added to by a haunted swing. In the
evening there wer? some fine fireworks on
the lake. A pyrotechnic portrait of Wash
ington forty feet square was also ex
hibited.
FROM THE SEAL ISLAND
The Government Agent on St
George Returns After
Two Years.
Accompanied by Others Who Have
Seen Longer Service in B'.eak
Bering Sea.
J. E. Ziebacb, who has been on St.
George Island in Bering Sea for the last
two years, is at the Occidental. He ar
rived from Unalaska yesterday on the
steamer Homer, which made the trip
down in nine days.
Mr. Ziebach held the official Govern
ment position as agent on St. George
Island, and is now on his way to visit bis
wife in Scotland, S. D., where he was for
merly engaged in journalism.
"The Government appoints four agents
for the sealing grounds in the Bering
Sea," said he. "Each of the large seal
rookeries thus has a Government guar
dian. St. George Island is one of the
Prybiloff group, which consists of St.
Paul, an island about twelve miles long
by four miles wide; St. George, about ten
miles by three miles, and two small rocky
islets where there are walrus, but no seals.
"There is a settlement called St. George
on St. George Island of about 100 natives.
It is pretty desolate in winter, although
the weather is not so severe on the main
land.
"The Government used to permit 100 000
seals to be taken annually from 1880 to
1890, but there was such an alarming de
crease in the number of seals that the
limit was reduced to 15,000. This year,
however, the limit has been increased to
30,000. Well, 1 have my doubts that the
companies will be able to kill that many
young males on the islands. This regula
tion affects only the rookeries and the sea
for a distance of sixty miles around them.
Outside of that, in tbe open water, as many
seals as can be captured without firearms
may be taken. Between forty and fifty
sealing vessels take advantage of the open
water hunting each season, the averaee
catch for each vessel being about 800 seals,
and fully eigbt-tentbs of them are cows.
"J. B. Crowley of Robinson, 111., has re
lieved me as agent at St. George. The
other agent is James Judge from Colum
bus, Ohio. I shall go back as soon as I
receive orders.
"On the Homer as a fellow-passenger to
this City was Dr. Gardner Percy Pond,
who has returned here to his old home
after service on St. Paul Island, wiiere he
was company physician. The Govern
ment requires of the company that holds
the sealing privijeee that it must have a
physician on each island to care for and
dispense drugs to the natives without
charge. He is going back on the Homer
as soon as it reloads for Unalaska.
"Mr. and Mrs. J. Tuck also came down
from Unalaska. They came away for
good alter seven years' most successful
work at the head of the Government Home
Mission School. Theirs was the best work
of the kind that has been done in that
part of Unalaska. A Miss Sowl and a
Miss Meller are now in charge of the
school.
"The Government built a new home
there last summer, and the Methodist
Home Missionary Society had a building
put up, but both were blown down, as
they had been poorly constructed. The
contractor has to rebuild them this sum
mer.
"We eet the papers on St. George ouly
once in eiu'ht months, so I am a little be
hind on news generally, and particularly
about this Government expedition just
sent into Bering Sea.
"We are the first that have come out of
Bering Sea this year.
No Danger of l.os» From Burglar*.
A burglar may enter your bouse whila
you are asleep and carry away many valu
ables, but no pecuniary loss wil be sus
tained if you have your house protected
by a policy of the New England Burglary
Insurance Company. Catching and pun
ishing the criminal are also a part oi the
company's plan. Okell, Dorm U & Co.,
411 California street, are the c *st agents
for the company.
* ♦ — «
Music at Grace.
The musical service at Grace Church to-night
will be the tenth given by the new choir. In
addition to the usual service there are to be
solos, duets anil quartets. Frank Coffin will
sing Randcßuer's "Save Me, O God," and
Homer Henley will render Handel's "The
Trumpet Shall Sound." The" latter will have
for its accompaniment a trumpet obligaio by
Walter H. Colverd, late soloist of the Royal
Artil cry band, Woolwich, Eng. Selections
from the works of Gerrish, Wagner, Barnby
and Mercadauie, among others, will be given.
•—• — « — •
Dr. Kublinan Not in Jail.
Dr. Charles C. Kuhlman desires to have it
known thut he is not in jail and that there is a
possibility that he may not be incarcerated
The doctor's construction o: the Supreme
Court decision in his case is that it merely de
termines the jurisdiction of the Superior Court
in tbo premises.
— • ♦ — •
Pile*! riles! Mao's Infallible Pile Care.
Cures all cases of blind, bleeding, Itching
and protruding piles. Price 50c. A. Mcßoyle
& Co., druggists, 504 Washington street. •
BRAW SCOTS
AT SHELL MOUND,
How the Thistle Club Hon
ored Independence
Day.
THE GAMES AND DANCES.
Lads and Lassies in Their
National Sports and
Costumes.
FUN, SKILL, GRACE AND BEAUTY
A Complete List of the Prize-Winners
in the Numerous
Contests.
The braw Scots had a jolly Fourth of
July yesterday at Shell Mound. It was
the fourteenth grand annual gathering,
under the auspices of the San Francisco
Scottish Thistle Club, and from 10 a. m.
until 7p. M. the grounds were all merri
ment and activity, thus illustrating the
truth of the quotation at the head of the
official programme: "Clanna nan Gaid
heal an' Guailibh a' Cheile." This trans
lated into English means that sons of the
clan stand shoulder to shoulder.
Thousands of strong lads and winsome
lassies were in attendance and gave ful
vent to the exuberance of their youthfu
and patriotic spirits. The picturesque
Highland costumes and the quaint music
Miss Annie Corrigan.
Mist KUtie Walsh. Miss >ibyl Murphy.
One of the Merry Groups at the Philadelphia Out ing Club's Picnic.
I of the bagpipes recalled to the canny Scots
! many pleasing memories of the bills of
their own dear native country.
The exercises comprised, in addition to
the usual dances in the pavilion, thirty
nine athletic games, for which the Scotch
j are so famous. These contests were open
| to all comers, barring professionals, and
included lots of strength, fun and skill.
Cash prizes ranging from $1 to $10 went
with almost every game. Following is
i the list of the winners:
Quoits— First prize, Alex Bharp; second, B.
Jardine; third, M. Wilson.
Boys' race (handicap), 15 years and under-
First, A. McCaw; tecond, O. Boyle; third, J.
Kenny.
Girls' race (handicap), 15 years and under-
First, Eveline Moore; second, Corinne Telfor;
third, Mabel llesketh.
Standing high leap— First, J. Sexsmith,4 feet
9 inches; second, T. Carroll, 4 feet 8 inches;
third, C. Grant and J. Murphy, 4 feet 7 inches.
Putting heavy stone— First, D. Campbell, 34
feet 4 inches; secoud.T. Carrol-, 33 feet 1 inch;
third, J. J. Cameron, 32 feet «V£ Inches.
Putting light stone— First. T. Carroll, 43 feet
6 inches; second, D.Campbell, 42 feet 5 inches;
third. J J. Cameron, 33 feet 10 inches.
Hop, s'ep and jump, or hop, hop and jump —
First, C. Grant. 42 feet 2 inches; second, M.
Lynch, 41 feet 6% inches; third, J. Murphy, 39
feet 9 inches.
Best-d'essed boy in Highland costume— First,
A. McCaw; second, B. Rose; third, B. Smith.
Hitch and kick— First, J. Sexsmith, 9 feet;
second. J. Murphy, 8 feet 10 Indies; third, C.
Grant, 8 feet 8 inches.
Best dressrd man in full Highland costume —
First, D. McJ. McKenzie; second, D. Weir;
third, A. Beaten.
Best dressed man in plain Highland costume
—First, P. D. Findley; second, D. Reed; third,
D. Frazer.
Mile race for amateurs (for gold and silver
medals)— First, H. A. E. Jaehrie, Y. M. C. A.;
Becond, G. Klasman, Y. M. C. A.
Old men's race— First, D. H. Finnic, second,
! W. Guild, Sacramento; third, A. Bern.
Grand Highland reel (for men)— First. P. D.
< Findley; second, A. Beaten; third, J. Baxter.
Running high leap— First, C. Grant, 5 feet 5
! inches; second, T. Pratt, 5 feet 3 inches; third,
T. Carroll, 5 feet 2 inches.
Sword da:-.ce for men— First, A. Beaten; sec
ond, J. C. Frazer; third, L. McLennen.
Reel o'Tulioch for lads and lassies — Mabel
Smith, Blanch Guild, P. Alien, Lizzie Fair
grive, A. McCaw, B. Allen, A. Mclutyre, D.
Smith, H. Allen, C. Talfor, J. Petrie, J. Mc-
Intyre, M. Bassett, R. Ross, W. Guild, W. Mcln
tyre, A. McNeil, I. Craig, M. McGilvary, A.
Murray.
Tossing the caber— First, T. Carroll, 40 feet
6 inches; second, D. R. Campbeil, 38 feet 10
inches; third, A. Campbell, 37 feet 11 inches.
Highland fling for men in costume— First,
P. D. Findley; second, J. Baxter; second, A.
Beaten.
Young ladies' race— First, E. Moore; second,
E. Coady; third, M. Guill half, B. Lauriston
half.
Throwing heavy hammer— First, T. Carroll,
101 feet 3 inches; second, D. Campbell, 95
feet 6 inches; third, J. J. Cameron, 95 feet.
Throwing light hammer— First, D. Campbell,
120 feet \% inches; second, T. Carroll. 117 feet
8 inches; third, J. J. Cameron, 114 feei 6
inches.
Married ladies' race— First, Mrs. Byrne; sec
ond. Mrs. Beasley; third. Mrs. CarL
Leap-frog race— First, F. Wilson, C. Grant;
tecond, G. G. Watson, J. Torbaek.
Vaulting with the pole for amateurs— First,
Ed Spachur; second, F. Hoffman.
Reel o'Tulioch for men in costume— First, J.
Baxter; second, P. D. Findley; third, A.
Beaten.
Bicycle race, two miles— First, M. A. Farnv
worth; second, W. J. Shanahan.
Sailors' hornpipe for men in costume only-
First, P. D. Findley; second, J. Baxter.
Race for members— First, W. Gillis; second,
G. G. Watson; third, D. Pollock.
BagpiDe com petition— First, D. Weir; second,
D. Frazer.
Race for ship apprentices— First, C. Trithe
way; second, J. L. Lyon; third, R. Trannert.
Bicycle race (one mile)— First, M. A. Farns
worth; second. W. J. Shannlian.
Three-lcßgcd rac— First, F. Wilson, C. Grant;
second, W. Giller, Ed Derkin; third, George
Watson, J. Tosfoack.
Grand challenge tug-of-war— Married versus
I single men, eight nn-n on a side. Captain of
married men, P. A. F. Keith; captain of single
men, Hugh Steele- Prize, case of wine. Mar
ried men wo:>.
Sack race (hurdle)— First, W. Roberts; sec
ond, W. Gillis; third, C. Grant.
Football dribbling race— First, G. Watson;
second, G. B. Bishbv; third, W. R. King.
Irish jig and reel dnnciug (for Irish only).
I No mem t.er of club allowed to act as judge—
I First, E. P. Keller and May Cavanagh ; second,
jJ. H. Fol -y and Mrs. Buckley; third, W. Lan
i ders and Mrs. Counly.
Obstruction race— First, F. Wilson; second,
C. Grant; third, U. Gillis.
(iaines committee race— First, G. Watson;
! second, P. Keith; third, A. Campbell.
The three-legged race, the -ack race and
the football dribbling were specially amus
ing, the Highland dances as characteristic
as usual, and the bicycle races speedy for
amateurs. In the mile race the time of
I H. A. £. Jackne, the winner, was 5:05 3-5,
the best ever made on the Shell Mound
track.
The winners were paid their prize money
upon the conclusion of each event. The
best of feuling prevailed and nobody
thought of leaving the grounds until they
were so tired they could hardly drag one
leg after the other.
A GENEROUS DONATION.
The Emporium Gives SIOOO to Secure
the Endeavor Convention for
San Francisco.
Another material lift has been given to
the cause of the Christian Endeavorers in
securing the great Christian Endeavor
convention in 1897 for this City.
This was no less than the donation yes
terday by the Emporium, the big depart
ment store on Market street, of
toward the convention fund. This is one
of *tl:e m<sst generous offers yet made.
N>'t content with the monetary offer the
big store has also offered its large assem
bly rooms. 275 feet long, as headquarters.
The rooms are offered free, with free pa
pers, stationery, etc. The offer, owing to
the unsurpassed central location of the
Emporium, will be seriously considered by
the association, should the convention be
secured.
It would seem, too, that there can be
little doubt that the ♦'25.000 required to
guarantee an entertainment fund will be
more than subscribed, and the present
magnificent donation by the Emporium
would indicate that broad-minded, far-see
ing citizens are eager to be m the van
guard which will receive the honor of hav
ing gained tbe big convention for San
Francisco.
PHILADELPHIA'S OUTING
A Camp Taylor Picnic in Honor
of First Gunner James
Clausey.
The Philadelphia Outing Club gave a
picnic Sunday, June 28, at Camp Taylor,
in honor of James Clausey, first gunner of
the U. S. Philadelphia.
Th«re was a good crowd present, and
there was a jolly good time among the
redwoods and on the placid stream in
boating and fishing. There was enough,
and of the right sort, to eat and drink,
and there wa3 a speech or two — not too
long — and there was dancing and fl-rtinz
and all sorts of cood times in sufficient
quantities to make the participants long
remember the event. Among those pres
ent were:
Miss Annie Corrigan, Miss Agnes Corrigan,
Miss Katie Ahem, Miss Nellie Walsh, Miss
Alice Walsh, MUs Kittie Walsh, Miss Birdie
Lehman, Miss Sybl Murphy, Miss Maggie
Murphy, Mi.-s May Murphy, Miss Ida Garvin,
Miss Emma Garvin, Miss Aiice Garvin, Mis-s
Minnie Waich, Miss Kittie O'Connor, Miss Etta
Martin, Miss Lizzie Fowler, Miss Tessie Ste
vens, Mi.-s Katie Burke, Miss Agnes
Marron, Mrs. Marron, Miss May Ma
honey, Miss Florence Unham, Mrs. Co
wap, Miss Josie Shea, Miss Katie Shea,
Joseph Burke. Edward Winfieid, Jusenh Corri
can, Charies Corrigan, I/iuls Darree, S'eve
Wnlsh, Sam Thompson, ' Dick Dennis, Daniel
Hart, Jnmes Wyatt, Frank Torrell, H. T. Swes
lund, D. J. Marroii, James Clausey, William
Garrin, Thomas Cronan, Mike Colloiian, Frank
Martin, William Fisher. Charles Atwood, Mr.
Reegan, Dive Barry, Mr. Gates, James Sullivan.
Jack Marron, Mr. Marron, Mr. McDonald, Al
Laderich, Abe Elburg.
LOYALTY ON THE FRONT,
A Yacht Lying at Jackson-Street
Wharf Looted by Water
Thieves.
How a Perambulating Machinist and
His Family Take Their Country
Vacations.
Along the water front out on the bay
the shipping was profusely and prettily
decorated — colors flying from mast and
yard. All of the British vessels in the
harbor flew their bunting with Old Glory
at the fore and their own national ensign
at the mizzen, a graceful observation of
the American natal day.
The white cruiser Charleston showed all
her flags and signal numbers streaming
from head to stern and the old monitor
Comanche fairly outdid herself. Over her
decks and above the bridges white awn
ings were spread and lines of bunting
blazed fore and aft.
Two divisions of the Naval Reserve are
quartered aboard of the vessel with their
bedding, rations and accouterments, and
once more she is a man-of-war. It is tbe
intention of Lieutenant Commander Tur
ner to give the battalion several days' drill
afloat at the guns and in the boats. Offi
cers and men alike are standing watch
and performing all their duties under the
strict discipline of the navy.
The water - front thieves were quite
active around Jackson-street wharf Friday
night. James Paine, the owner of the
yacht Wave, left his vessel alongside of
the dock about 5 o'clock in the evening
and returned at 11.
A considerable change had taken place
in his absence. The little vessel had been
overrun and she showed unmistakable
siens of being the worse for wear. Not
only had she been rummaged around the
deck but tbe cabin had been plucked
clean.
From clothing to eatables the visitors
had helped themselves, sparing nothing.
They took a large iron-bound trunk which
indicates that they boarded the yacht in a
boat. The other plunder was a 12-gauge
I shotgun, one large marine glass, three
I suits of clothes, several bairs of powder and
shot, an extension bit, a saw-set and all
the provisions the cabin contained.
The thieves also took a number of valu
able papers belonging to the owner,
among which were the deeds to several
pieces of property in South San Francisco.
These could be of no use to anybody ex
cept to Mr. Paine, and to take them away
was mere wantonness and a reasonless
theft. The police aTe making a search for
the missing articles, but have not yet
founa any trace of them.
Among the great crowd that took the
ferryboats for a trip into the country yes
teniay were Alfred Ehrenclou of 1108
Hyde street and his family, a wife and
five small children.
Mr. Ehrenclou, who is a well-to-do ma
chinist employed at the Union Iron
HEW TO-DAT.
"A little more than a year ago, { limn; fllH ftVf% Yflll 0
my hair began turning gray, and I llff UIU dllJ 1 UIS I
falling out, and although I tried ,► ■*»" "••••■ *» •vw ■
ever so many things "■ to prevent a/ ' '^fc^^h'
continuance of these conditions, I [ It makes no difference
obtained no satisfaction until I tried > -whether YOU answer Or
Ayer's Hair Vigor. After using one '
bottle, my hair was restored to # > n °t« It IS always true that
TWTTT»»f»TTw.> tww j " a woman is as old as she
looks." Nothing sets the seal of age upon a woman's
beauty so deeply, as gray hair. The hair loses its
color generally, from lack of nutrition. If you nourish
the hair, the original color will come back. That is the
way that the normal color of the hair is restored by
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
# This testimonial will be found in full in Ayer's "Curebook" with a
hundred others. Free. Address J. C. Ayer Co., Lowell, Mass.
Works, is an inveterate traveler, having
tramped all over the globe, and all his off
days are passed roaming around through
the country.
The perambulating machinist made a
small sensation when be came down on
the ferry wharf with his party. He was
trundling a baby-carriage, in which were
seated, facing each other, twins— a boy
and girl— about 16 months old. Behind
the small vehicle was a canvas seat, where
the next youngster, a boy about four
years old, could ride when he got tired of
walking. Two other small boys and the
hardy little mother made up the party.
On the running-gear under the body of
the carriage, neatly folded up. was a can
vas tent, bedding, provisions and a few
cooking utensils. The whole load, babies
and all, weighed about 160 pounds. A
movable awning covered the tiny passen
gers from the sun.
"This is the way we take our outings,"
said the machinist, "and we enjoy them.
1 rigged up this convenient affair myself,
and as we are all great walkers it suits our
purpose. If the way is too rough or we
get too tired, we take the train, and when
we get enough of that we get off and strike
out through the country. When we come
to a goo i campground we set our tent and
are at home till we wish to move again.
"My little boys are all good walkers and
are out on their feet with me all the time.
lam a turner ami I have a sic all gym
nasium at home where I put them through
their athletic exercises. That youngster
has walked up Mount Tama'pais with me,
and that other one has often tramped a
thirty-mile stretch by my side. In this
way I will give my little fellows plenty
of muscle as they are growing."
While the father was talking one of the
babies began to nod in its carriage and
the mother hung a curtain from the awn
ing, which folded in the drowsy occupant,
and it slept peacefully there.
» • — «■
COMPANY A BANGUETED.
National Guard Enjoy* the Hospital-
ity of Major labey of the
Cosmopolitan.
Immediately after the parade yesterday
Cavalry Troop A, National Guard of Cali
fornia, was banqueted at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel. While a resident of Fresno Major
Fa hey was an honorary member of Com
pany C, and has many friends in both
companies.
Speeches and toasts were made, and a
general good time was bad. At the con
clusion of ths feast an adjournment was
taken to the parlors of the hotel, and sev
eral pieces of vocal and instrumental
mn?ic were rendered. The gathering
broke up with a rousing three cheers for
the National Guard and Major Fahey's
hospitality. A serenade was then given
the guests by Ebert's brass band.
Present were Captain Jenks, Lieutenants
Burnett and Heenan, Sereeants Penniman,
Pierce, Stacey and Rumrael; Corporals
Eifendahl and Clark. Among the privates
were Messrs. Osborne, Moore, Foley,
Moody, Hahnekamp, Reno, Haggerty,
Douglass, Coffey, Willard, Bayes, Storey
and Gottschalk.
D. M. FOLTZ RETURNS.
"The Call's" New York Manager Ex
presses His Satisfaction at Being
in California Again.
D. M. Foltz, New York manager of The
Call, arrived in San Francisco yesterday.
Mr. Foltz is here on a visit to his many
friends, and expresses his delight at re
turning to California for a brief spell.
His stay in New York, however, has
been fraught with pleasant experiences,
and be has much to say regarding them.
SUICIDE OF A CARPENTER.
F. G. Smith Takes Hit Life While
!>«■.]> indent.
F. G. Smith, who in life was a carpenter
and resided at 1217}^ Golden Gate avenue,
committed suicide, it is presumed, judg
ing from the condition of the body, about
nve days ago. The body was discovered
lnst evening by J. Holland, who lives at
1108 Golden Gate avenue.
He was passing the house occupied by
Smith and noticed a strong odor of gas
which appeared to flow through the tran
som. He notified a policeman and they
forced an entrance and found the body,
which was in an advanced stage of de
composition, lying on a bed in one of the
rear rooms. The Coroner was notified
and the body was removed to the Morgue.
It is presumed that despondency caused
by family troubles prompted Smith to
take his life^
AT THE LAND NG PLACE.
The Big Tree at the Battery Where
Newcomer* Find Shelter.
At tbe southeast corner of Battery Park,
opposite the landing place of the ferry
from Ellis Island, there is a big tree over
whose roots, and held in place by a stone
curbing running around it, is a flattened
mound of earth. This mound often serves
as a seat for immigrants just come from
Ellis Island, and waiting here to rest, or
until friends shall come for them, or until
their guides shall murshal them to take
them on to their destination.
Men, women and children from many
lands have sat on this mound under the
big tree and tal'red in many tongues, or
have here silently formed their first un
prossions of the New World. There has
been among them no future President of
the United States, for he must be a native
of the couutry, but there may have been
future Senators and Representatives in
Congress, and legislators in the various
States to which they have gone, and boys
who have become Judges or conspicuous
in other waits of public life; and there
have been many girls who have become
happy wives and mothers in the new land,
and older folks who have lived here happy
and contented lives, and over them all
aiike the big tree has waved its friendly
branches. — New York Sun.
The two Roumanian cities, Galatz and
Braila, on the Danube, have been con
nected by telephone, which is, like the
telegrapn in that country, an institution
of the State. Before its opening the ordi
nance of the Government for its use was
published in the official gazette, the prin
cipal part of which is as follows: "A per
son who wants to have intercourse with
another by telephone is bound to notify
th«t person beforehand by letter, telegraph
or otherwise."
One hundred men could not carry the
amount oi the national debt of England,
counted out in £10 Bank of England notes,
notwithstanding the lightness of tbe papei
on which they are printed.
SAD ENDING OF
A PLEASURE TRIP.
F. A. Coulter Drowned
Yesterday in San
Pablo Bay.
YACHTING TO BENICIA.
He Is Supposed to Have Slipped
and Fallen Into the
Water.
THE FATHER GRIEFSTRICKEN.
Now Only One Son of His Family of
Eight Children Is Lsft to
Comfort Him.
A sad accident befel a yachting party
that left Tiburon Friday evening for Beni
cia, whereby one of the party, F. A. Coul
ter, was drowned in the waters of San
Pablo Bay. The party consisted of four
young men of this City, James P. Devine,
Ed A. Linforth and F. A. Coulter, all resi
dents of the Mission, and Frank Koster,
who lives on Third street, near Howard.
While sailing along with a stiff breeze
about 2 o'clock yesterday morning Coulter
slipped and fell overboard, and although
his companions endeavored to find him,
they could see nothing of the missing man.
"We left Tiburon between 8 and 9 o'clock
Friday night," said Ed Linforth, one of
the party|yesterday, "in the Ethel S. a trim
yacht of thirty-six feet length, and one of
the most seaworthy craft on the bay. We
intended to go to Benicia to spend the
4th and return Sunday.
"Between 1 and 2 o'clock in the morn
ing, ]ust after we bad passed Point Pinole,
we were scudding along with a good breeze.
1 was at the wheel, but I had my bacK
toward the bow, taking in the mainsail.
Coulter, or ' Jack,' as we familiarly called
him, came out of tbe cabin while I was
busy with the sail and stood on the cock
pit. Just as Jim Devine came out of the
cabin he saw Coulter slip and fall over
board from the cockpit and disappear.
"As soon as Devine saw Coulter fall he
shouted to me, 'Stop the boat— Jack is
overboard.' I immediately brought the
boat to the wind and told Koster to cut
away the yawl.
"\Vith the small boat we hunted around
for nearly an hour, but couldn't see any
thing of Coulter. After this we started
back immediately and arrived at Tiburon
about 6 o'clock in the morning and noti
fied the Coroners of Marin and ban FraD
cisco counties."
F. A. Coulter, the young man who was
drowned, was about 25 years of age and
lived at 812 Church street, near Twentieth.
He was a painter by trade, although for
merly an iron-molder, and was a member
of the local Painters' and Decorators'
Union No. 1. He lived with his father,
William Coulter, and his older brother,
George M. Coulter, and had often gone
out in the Ethel S, which is owned by
young Linforth, a fellow-worker and close
friend of the drowned man.
The aged father was almost overcome
with grief when seen by a Call reporter
yesterday afternoon, a few minutes after
hearing of his son's sudden death.
"I wish I were dead," be repeated, as
great tears trickled down his grizzled,
cheeks; "now they are all gone but one.
Ten years ago my wife died and of a fam
ily of eight children George is the only one
left. I always mistrusted that yacht and
didn't want my son to go out in it. Oh, I
wish I were dead, I wish 1 were dead."
London and Liverpool are both at the
level of the sea. Glasgow is 30 feet above
it, Manchester 50 and Birmingham 300.
NEW TO-DAT.
" It is a startling fact that, almost
without exception, the adulterated
teas are dangerous to health. Some
of them are actually poisonous —
especially impure green teas, which
contain copperas and Prussian
blue."— New York Herald.
Do Americans really
drink so much poison- in
their tea, or do we pay the
New York Herald and
other leading American
papers to tell fibs for us?
Why do you suppose
we give money back if
you don't like Schillings
Best — just for fun?
Japan, 50 cents
English Breakfast, 60 cents
Oolong, 75 cents
Ceylon, 80 cents
Ideal Blend $1-25
Ask your grocer.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco yj9
DR. A. BARK AN
HAS RETURNED FROM EUROPE AJSD RE. -
sumed practice at his office, 14 Grant aveuu*.
78
"OLD
GLORY"
WAVES.
Omttnued from Flrtt Page.
Eintracht Rifle Section, Captain J. A.
Kuhls commanding; Italian Sharpshoot
ers, Austrian Military band, Austrian i
Military Company, Swiss Sharpshooters j
and the members of the Austrian Benevo
lent Association. It made a splendid ap
pearance and brought forth words of
praise as the division marched with mili
tary precision.
The Fifth Division.
The fifth division was subdivided into
three parts. The whole was under the
command of the veteran fireman and
soldier, Colonel H. J. Burns, as marshal.
TLe first carriage contained President of
the Day 8.. L. Lent and Chairman of the
Executive Committee C. J. King, the
second carriage was occupied by Mayor
Adolpb Sutro and Supervisor C. L. Taylor.
The third carriage contained Orator of
the Day Zenas U. Dodge, Reader of the
Declaration of Independence John W.
Robinson, and chaplain the Rev. Kabbi
Jacob Voorsanger and Professor Knowl
ton, reader of the poem. In the fourth j
carriage Captain F. J. Kearney and Dr. J. j
A. Noble. The fifth carriage contained H.
C. Gesford, grand president of the Native
Sons, Henry Lundsteadt, the grand secre
tary of the same body, and W. D. Hen
ricksoD. The fifth, sixth, seventh and
eighth carriages contained the Sons of
the American Revolution, among whom
was J. B. Whlttemore Jr., great-grandson !
of Commodore Sloat.
The ninth carriage was occupied by
County Clerk C. F. Curry and Justice of
the Peace Carroll. The tenth was filled
by Judge Campbell, his wife and two lady
friends and a few pretty babies, with the
Judge's whiskers as a weather vane, show- j
ing which way the wind blew. The crowd
good naturedly cheered as the carriage
passed, but whether it was for the ladies,
babies, whiskers or his Honor was not dis
tinctly made manifest. But the Judge
boweti in return.
There were four carriages filled by Vet
REPRESENTATIVE CITIZENS WHO AIDED IN SAN FRANCISCO'S CELEBRATION OF INDEPENDENCE DAY.
erans of the Mexican War, after which |
came I. J. Truman and ladif s, Captain j
Freese, Public Administrator, School Di- |
rectors Murdock and McElroy. United
States Marshal Barry Baldwin, Supervia
ors Benjamin, Hughes, Wagner and i
Morgenstern, Taylor Rogers, Mayor j
Su'.ro's secretary, John Gillson, cnairman
of the auditing committee, A. R. Smith,
secretary of the Fourth of July commit
tee, P. A. Bergerot, ex-Supervisor Denman,
J. L. Schieiden, Consul of the Argentine
Republic, A. F. Gonzales, secretary to
Eustoejio Calderon, Consul of Salvador,
Miguel Meneses, secretary to ex-President
General M. L. Barillas, Mr. and Mrs. W.
M. Weil, W. Bryan, representing Texas,
j Ladies of the Seven Pines Circle G. A. R.,
i including Mrs. Pauline Willis, president;
Mrs. Martha French, chaplain; Mrs. N. A.
Whittingham, secretary; Mrs. Lena
Schotten, treasurer; Mrs. Amelia Butler
and Mrs. J. E. Harvey, past presidents;
Mrs. Jennie B. Houston, past vice-presi
dent, and Mrs. Lizzie Hirth, past depart
ment president. Mrs. Murry and ladies
belonging to the Anti-Woman's Suffrage
Association were in private carriages and
with others in private conveyances took
this way of celebrating; the day.
The Sixth Dirlxion.
The sixth division was as attractive as
any there was in the parade. It did not
lack* in special features. The sixth divi
sion formed on Front street and fell into
Market street with precision as the line
moved up to it.
First came Marsnal Robert R. Russ and
his staff, Cbief Aid Captain John T. Scott
I and aids, Lieutenant W. G. Wimmer, R.
i T. Morris, G. W. Cavanaugh. P. Cronin,
R. Pengelly, J. J. Jamison and F. W.
Wisker.
Matthews' band had its place directly
before the Native Sons of the Golden West
and their beautiful banners anc l several
flags floating in the breeze. Two parlors
of Native Sons about fifty strong each
turned out. They were California Parlor
No. 1 and Precita Parlor No. 187.
Aloft in a beautiful float, behold the
Goddess of Liberty. Miss Jennie L. Hed
bere, representing "Columbia Rules the
World." Miss Hedberg was crowned and
j she sat on a high throne holding a spear
j in her right hand. At her feet was a
larger globe, representing the earth rest
ine upon banks of clouds. At the foot of
the globe sat cute little Miss Rene Hen
derson, in white wig and continental cos
tume, representing the immortal George
Washington at the age when he cut down
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896
he cherry tree and never told a lie. Some
>ody neglected to give Rene a hatchet,
md so she had none. The driver was in
he costume of Uncle Sam. Flowers and
vreaths ornamented the sides and the
:olors of the float were principally red,
vhite, blue and yellow, and the float was
Irawn by four white plumed horses, one
>f the handsomest floats in the parade,
THE FOURTH OF JULY PARADE PASSING THE CORNER OF MARKET AND THIRD STREETS
and it was often applauded by the spec
tators.
Following this was another attractive
float, and no less conspicuous. Four shin
ing black horses with dodding plumes came
first, drawing a pyramid of little girls,
with Mi9s Virginia Blennerhassett on a
throne at the apex. She wore a golden
crown, held a spear in her right hand and
represented California. For each of the
forty-five States of the Union there was a
pretty little girl in white dress and black
stockings. They all wore sashes of red,
white and blue, waved flags, and not in
| frequently their childish voices were
| united in patriotic songs. This float rep
j resented the union of States. The drivers
i wore the costume of Uncle Bam. Ehr
man & Hauser's band was heard next.
The battle-ship Oregon and employes of
the Union Iron Works covered a good deal
of ground and were as prominent a feature
of the parade as there was in it. Every
body was interested in the miniature Ore
gon belching real fire and emoke and the
sound of battle from its real steel guns.
SmoKe poured from the smokestack. The
battle-ship was carried on an immense
float drawn by six proud, decorated horses,
with riders as well as a driver. It was
decorated with flags after the manner of a
real battle-ship. The many guns fired
blank cartridges all along the parade from
Front street to the counter march on Van
Ness avenue. There was a dog on the
hurricane deck labeled "Mascot." On the
two sides of the battle-ship were these in
scriptions in black letters: "Our Latest
•Baby,' " "16.79 Knots," "Protection,"
"Labor."
Be hind the model of the Oregon marched
about 1200 workmen of the Union Iron
Works. Some carried banners, others
clamps, and the rivet boys were there
holding rivets in tongs. The electrical
workers brought up the rear, riding in a
covered wagon decorated with flags. ~
The Seventh Division.
The seventh division was conspicuous
for several features. It was composed en
tirely of the Junior Order of United Ameri
can Mechanics and " The Little Red
Schoolhouse." It formed on First street,
and stepped into Market street after the
sixth division. Mark Lane was marshal,
chief aid, L. M. McCord, and other aids
were Mr. Quiry, Z. T. Whitten and Charles
Klein.
Kitzau's band marched after the mar
shals.
Then in brilliant platoons came the
Junior Order of United American Me
chanics in the following order: Lincoln
Council No. 1, General George Custer
Council No. 2. Starr King Council No 6
U. 8. Grant Council No. 19, J. A. Garfield
Council, Alexander Hamilton Council No.
Most ol the councils carried pampas
grass plumes of red, white and blue the
three colors in a cluster. They made a
pretty si<ht as they fluttered in the breeze.
They numbered about 700. A Continental
drum corps which divided the councils
was a unique feature.
The float the "District School," painted
red, brought up the rear. It was the
typical little red school, with doors and
window and brick chimney in the center
of the roof. A whitewashed picket fence
surrounded it, and inside the fence in
front of the schoolhouse was a group of
children, several ladies and a man con
spicuous in Continental costume- At each
anple of the fence was a corner-post of
fluttering flags. The children waved Gags.
The float was drawn by four white horses.
There were about a dozen guards, some on
horseback, around the little red school
house. It was occasionally cheered along
the line of march.
The Eighth Division.
Division Eighth, while probably the
smallest in the procession, proved to be
one of the most interesting. The officers
were A. A. Sarment, marshal; B. Raddie,
chief aid; C. Monte, M. Tovaruz and M*.
Mortizia, aids.
First came the officers in command and
hew to-pat;
THE OWL
|J§l| DRUG CO.,
•^ffi CUT-RATE
„, DRUGGISTS.
JUST FOR THE ASKING.
Our New 100-Page Price List
JUST OUT.
IT'S UP TO DATE.
Contains Cut Prices on all
■ kinds Drugs, Patent Medi-
cines, Toilot Articles, Truss-
es, Shoulder Braces, Rubber
Goods, Batteries, etc.,
MAILED FREE
On application.
THE OWL DRUG CO.,
1128 Market St.. San Francisco.
Tenth; and Broadway, Oakland.
320 Sooth Spring St., Los Angeles.
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
INSECT BITES.then the Swiss band of fourteen pieces
playing American airs as though to the
manner born. Close behind followed
Council Florida No. 7, and Council
Amorda de Patria No. 5.
Then one of the prettiest features of the
whole parade swung into line. It was an j
immense tloat representing the Portuguese
explorer, Vasco da Gama, on board the
good ship San Gabriel en route for India.
She was manned by some ten swarthy j
sons, their headgear and costumes pre
senting a figure at once striking and pic
turesque. The float was driven by four
white horses gayly bedecked with yellow
trimmings.
The Japanese banrf, Asahi they call it.
headed the Japanese society, eighty
strone, under the command of S. Yamato.
The Japanese, attired in neat-fitting suits |
of white and carrying great bunches of
cherry blossom?, looked decidedly natty.
In fact, no part of the procession attracted
more general attention than did they.
In rear of the regular company came a
line of Japanese in uniform pulling an an
;ient howitzer, which they fired occasion
ally with muci effect. On Van Ness ave
nue this little gun was guilty of all man
ner of queer antics, causing the native
small boy to open his eyes in wonder and
amazement. For instance, during a halt
the gun was trained skyward, and then
fired. A deafening crash followed, and
then away up in the air, a thousand feet
or more, untur'ed an American flag. The
breezes caught the folds and kept them
open, and while admiring thousands
cheered contrary winds caught the na
tion's emblem and gently wafted it toward
the Oakland shore.
Later on the gun was again turned loose,
and this time far up in the blue dome ap- •
peared a parachute. A few seconds later \
the head of a man was seen, followed al
most instantly by the entire iigure. The
crowd gazed in wonder and awe at the
gyrations of the "man in the clouds." Few
realized that it was but a fanciful trick of
the little men from the island empire.
The Ninth Division.
The trite saying, "Last but not least,"
applied with force to the ninth division.
While no great pretense was made at dis
play, it was replete with charming features
and patriotism galore. The officers were:
James H. Humphries, marshal; Charles
Bliss, chief aid ; James Curlett and Dr. C. L.
Scharff, aids. The line formed on Second
street, and at the proper time fell in with
the main procession.
First came Eoert's band of sixteen
pieces and then a float, "Protecting the
Flag," drawn by two splendid mastiffs.
Then the school children made their pres
ence known. The float, "Marriage of ;
Pocanontas," portrayed Dy pupils of the I
James Lick Bchool, proved to be a very !
pretty j iece. Following this came the
South Cosmopolitan School, representing
the Army Hospital Corps. It was a pretty
scene, was this floating tavern for the
sick. Pretty maids, with dainty head
dress and neat white aprons, looked per
fectly the parts they assumed. The lads
and lassies on the floats were Sidney Gold
man, Edward Abenheim, Joe Schoenfeld, i
Adolph Reusen, Charlie Reusen, Her: crt
Levy, Miss Florence Milne and Miss Annie '
More.
"Where are you going, my pretty maid ?"
might very well have been said to Miss
Maggie Fitzpatrick, who posed as a dairy
maid for a popular ranch, clad in flowing i
red, white and blue, with a wealth of j
golden hair peeping saucily from under a
jaunty Tarn o' Shanter. Miss Fiizpatrick
was a perfect poet's dream of a dairy maid. I
Following this float came carriages bear- !
ing City, State and other officials, the
whole ending with a long ling of enter
prising advertisers, and socialists bearing
banners of very socialistic characters.
LITERARY
EXERCISES.
ABOUT two thousand occupied seats in
the Auditorium, corner of Eddy and
Jones streets, dnring the afternoon to
enjoy the literary and musical exercises.
Everywhere in streamers, festoons, ban
ners and drapery the red, white and blue
in stars and stripes met tbe eye. On the
platform sat the Goddess of Liberty and
"California," one of her most glorious
offspring, in company with the officers
and committee members of the celebra
tion.
A medley of national airs comprised the
overture, which was rendered with all the
high ability at command of the Tivoii or
chestra.
Rabbi Voorsanger followed with a
prayer, whose appositeness and eloquence
evoked the unexpected and unique dis
tinction of applause.
Twenty lady soloists sane the "Star j
Spangled Banner 1 ' with fine effect under
the direction of John W. McKenzie Jr.
Included in this selected chorus were the
following:
Mrs. W. A. Margo, Mrs. James Igo, Mrs.
G. Mublner, Mrs. L. Lampe, Mrs. H. Gri
nelle, Mrs. A. Poulson, Mrs. A. Hall, Mrs.
J. Pettee, Mrs. A. Sorenson, Mrs. L.
Ewing, Miss V. Greenlaw, Miss B. Con
nell, Miss J. Larsen, Miss V. Rappin, Miss
M. V. Brednll, Miss R. Pelton, Miss K.
Kelly, Miss H. Frazier, Miss M. Leipsic,
Miss T. Rosenbohm.
Samuel L. Lent, president of the day, in
his brief address thanked the audience for
their attendance, the citizens for their lib- i
erality and patriotism in aiding to make
the celebration a success and the various
sub-committees for their onerous and
faithfully performed labors.
In introducing John R. Robinson, an
aged and silver-haired gentleman who bad
evidently passed the Biblical limit of three
score and ten, President Lent announced
that the reader of the Declaration of
Independence was a son of a Revolution
ary officer, Noel Robinson, and gave a
brief biographical history of the latter, in
cluding his war record. Mr. Robinson's
reading had all the patriotic fervor that
was to be expected from the descendant of I
one ■sv.ho bad by tbe prowess of his arm
aided to make that famous propaganda of !
the colonies the beacon light of freedom
loving people throughout the world for
the past 120 years.
The poem composed for the occasion by
Louis A. Robertson was read with dra
matic effect by Professor E. Knowlton.
The president of the day stated that out of
139 poems submitted to the literary com- j
mittee the one by Louis A. Robertson had j
been unanimously selected as undoubtedly
possessing the most merit.
Professor Knowlton's advance to the
front of the platform was greeted with ap
piause.
"Ladies and gentlemen," he said, "as a
preface to the reading of my poem let me
stale that there is one peculiar fact in con
nection witn the ages of the reader of the
Declaration of Independence and of this
poem.
"These combined a-es are"— (turning
toward John R. Robinson) — "shall I
tell it?"
Receiving an affirmative nod he finished
the sentence — "one hundred and forty-two
years." At the conclusion of the reading
the house shook with cheers and other
hianifestations of applause.
Tne "Flag of LiDerty," a song arranged
by J. W. McKenzie Jr., from the celebrated
"Father of Victory" March and dedicated
to the Native Sons, was sung by a cho rus
of 200 voices. The song was encored.
In introducing the orator of the day
President Lent said that an effort had been
made to have all the performers of the oc
casion men and women who could easily
trace their ancestry back to revolutionary
times. In this, he said, they had been
highly successful, and especially in the
case of Zenas IT. Dodge, who could trace
his ancestry back to the year 16: M and
naroe many forefathers who took part in
the thrilling events succeeding this period.
The orator was frequently interrupted in
his rhetorical flights by spontaneous out
bursts of applause from his audience, and
at its close the audible evidence of their
approbation was deafening. The follow
ing were the speaker's words:
This is a day when we entwine the sweet,
ever-lingering memories of courage and devo
tion with the clinging, loving folds of our red,
white and blue.
Friends, we are here this afternoon filled
with kindred feelings of piide and love ol
country. As our National anthems were dis
coursed in symphony and song, and as I lis
tened to the reading of that grandest, bravest
and profoundest document ever written and
signed by the representatives of a people, the
Declaration of Independence, a panorama of
events spread out before my mental vision.
A panorama that led up step by step, incident
by incident, through sufferings, sacrifices and
struggles, through carnage and blood, to tbat
supreme moment when that little band of
heroes, knowing well that their act meant a
long, terrible and bloody war, yet, with a dash
of the pen, gave to the world a home for the
oppressed of other nations; gave a birthright
to liberty, and a sanctuary wherein to worship
(i.).i without fear. And as I sat there I became
awed at the comprehensiveness of the subject.
I did not feel it within the power of man to
worthily voice utterances calculated to do jus
tice to a theme so sanctified by the blood of
our fathers; a theme bo hallowed in undying
memories; a theme clothed in immortality.
We shall not legislate this atternoon, nor air
private opinions, nor instruct the next Con
gress or Legislature, nor attempt to correct
any of the existing abuses of law or of right.
All such matters shall be left to those in whom
we see fit to repose our confidence at the
proper time and in the proper place. To-day
any sentiment approaching the present condi
tion of local or even National matters would
illy become the spirit of this celebration. It is
to Washington, Adams, Jefferson, Hancock,
Franklin, Hamilton and other patriots; it is to
the Declaration of Independence and the he
roes who fought and bled to establish, main
tain and perpetuate its principles; it is to the
stars and stripes that we give this day over to
rejoicing and thanksgiving.
Friends, it is a good thing that we are creat
ures of sentiment. It was sentiment that drove
our Pilgrim Fa thers to the rock-bound New
England shores; It was sentiment that caused
the old Liberty Bell to ring out "Liberty
throughout the land unto all the inhabitants j
thereof;" it was sentiment that gave to the i
world our immortal Washington; it was sen- j
timent that arrayed brother against brother i
and father against son in the late great war of
principle; it is sentiment that brings us here
to-day.
This sentiment of independence, springing '
directly from nature and nature's God, having j
its birih in oppression, rearing its head first
out of religious intolerance and bigotry,
planted the colonies of the New World; threw
off the yoke of British oppression and j
allegiance ; defied the power of kings and their j
ministers; proclaimed that in the people was I
the fountain head of power; proclaimed every j
man equal in right to life, liberty and pursuit
of happiness. It was sentiment that gave us a
man whose name time can never efface from
the honor roll of our Nation ; a man who loved j
America better than his fortune; a man who '
loved liberty better than his life. All honor to |
the memory of Lafayette. It was this sentiment j
of independence that sharpened our swords ;
and pointed our bayonets in all our battles
and thundered to the world our Declaration of :
Independence.
I will tread very lightly and quickly over [
the span of liiO years of our Nation's existence. !
England reluctantly conceded to the United ]
States their independence, won on tbe battle
fields of the Revolution. Our fathers emerged
from their arduous, protracted, desolating
revolutionary struggle, poor, indeed, in word ly j
goods. Habits of Industry had been unsettled by '
the anxieties and uncertainties of war. Selfish !
passion had taken the place of that spirit of free
dom which had characterized the colonists at
the commencement of their struggle for inde
pendence. A country without money, without
credit; its people writhing under the intol
erable pressure of debt : with industrial paraly- !
sis, commercial embarrassment, political dis- |
order, cried aloud for that calm, commanding, j
irresistible Washington; and though he had '
retired to the peaceful and quiet retreat at
Mount Vernon, yet he heard the voice of his i
country and obeyed. That voice was to him as
the voice of his God.
Through the wisdom, prudence and devotion
of Washington and his compeers our Nation
was raised out of the darkness of poverty and
despair into the bright dawn of one of the
moat successful eras ever recorded in the his
tory of the nations of the world. Horace
Greeley, in speaking of thia remarkable epoch 1
of progress, said :
"Our country of to-day owes its unequaled I
growth aud progress, its population, produc
tiveness and wealth, primarily to tho trainers
of the Federal constitution, by which its de
velopment was rendered possible; but more
Immediately and palpably to the sagacity and
statesmanship of Jefferson, the purchaser of
Louisiana; to the genius of Fitch and Fulton,
the projector and achiever, respectively, of
steam navigation ; to De Witt Clinton, the !
early, unswerving and successful champion j
of artificial inland navigation, and to Henry
Clay, the eminent, eloquent and effective
champion of the diversification of our Na
tional industry through the protection of home
manufactures."
Although the War of the Revolution was at
an end, the warclouds had not yet entirely dis
appeared. The pirates of the Barbary States
harassed our shipping. Spain refused us nav
igation of the Mississippi, and England had
not yet condescended to make a treaty of com- I
merce with us. Congress agreed to assume the
debt contracted by the States during the Revo
lution, and to pay the National debt in full.
Then it was that that great financier, Hamil
ton, of whom was said, "He smote the rock of
National resources and abundant streams of j
revenue burst forth; he touched the dead
corpse of public credit and it sprang upon its
feet," put for the first time into practice our
great principles of protection by levying taxes
upon imported goods. The development of
the interior resources of our country, the
building up of its industries, the establishment
of its credit; the demand and due recognition
of respect, brought about principally by the
War of 1812, placed the United States
in a position to put imo opera
tion the great principles of independence they
had co hardly won, and which were subse
quently crystallized in the Monroe doctrine,
the most momentous document which had
been offered since that of the Declaration of
Independence. While the Declaration of In
dependence made us a Nation, the Monroe
doctrine, as has been said, sets our compass
and points a course which we are to steer
through the ocean of time opening before us,
and while Europe is laboring to become the j
domicile of despotism, our endeavor should be
to make our hemisphere that ol Freedom.
The Declaration of Independence is our God
dess of Liberty— under her munificent shield
we are the happiest among the peoples of the
earth; while the Monroe doctrine, assuming
form under her majestic protecting wings out
stretched over the Western Hemisphere, is the
embodiment of the cherished sentiments of
the citizens of the United States for the liberty {
and happiness of their fellow-men, and em
phasizes the motto, "America for Americans."
To-day we are listening to a still small
knocking at the aoor of the sisterhood of re
publics. One hundred and twenty years ago
the souls of our fathers were tried as are those,
who, to-day, are struggling for liberty on that
little Isle of Cuba. When the battle clouds
■oil away may their flag of freedom kiss that
breeze which unfurls our banner to the air.
Although we now honor freedom's natal
day and the heroes of that time, I proclaim
that we have heroes to-day who would will- |
ingly place themselves on the altar of their
country. We have mothers, wives anl sisters]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
HYMN TO FREEDOM,
Blood-bought, and yet the price was freely paid,
As many a crimsoned battlefield could tell;
And thunder tread of war, and clash of blade,
And the clad clanging birthsong of a bell;
Tlien one bright torch that blazed above the gloom.
As Liberty leaped forth and sealed Oppression's doom.
The grit and grandeur of the men who poured
Their blood to buy this priceless heritage;
They, whose quick hands ne'er trifled with the sword,
Nor trembled when they signed the chartered page,
Sleep in the soil they saved, and yet they rise
And look on us to-day with stern, demanding eyes.
What were it worth, this birthright of the free,
If we, as careless keepers of the trust,
The byword of a world, at las', should be?
Ye glib-tonsrued sophists! shall our sabers rust?
Beware, ye Babel builders, lest these towers
That climb to kiss the stars should fall when treason glowers.
What can we claim, when in the scales of God
We throw the patriot prestige of the past?
Our fathers' blood, lone si!ent in the sod,
Beerins to mourn: Yea, though this day we cast
Into the balance every deathless name
That lights our sacred scroll, what glory can we claim
If we, as watchers of a Nation's fate,
While all our skies above are rainbow-spanned,
Forget the stealthy foe within our gate,
And the broad, rugged creed our fathers planned ;
What were it worth, this liberty we boast,
If rank corruption's growth, should spread from coast to coast?
Such fears are vain; the silent hero clay
That stood our bulwark oft against the foe,
Would rise to save its country from decay,
Did such a deadly upas o'er it grow ;
But never shall its poisoned branches spread
Their blasting shade above the soil that holds such dead.
What time a deadlier devastating blight
Than this, or any country ever knew,
Dared lift its ghastly features to the light.
A million blades 'round Freedom's banner drew;
And now, should treason come with all its hordes,
The insensate grass we tread would glisten into swords.
So. slumber on, ye brave, and have no fear;
We stand beside our wetcb fires, and our eyes.
Fixed on God's changeless stars, see shining clear
The light that saves. Yea, we shall realize
The faith-framed fabric of your morning dream,
And clasp the captured grail, to guide us with its gleam.
For, as our fathers did, we trust in Thee,
Great God of nations! and we rest secure.
Our eyes behold across Time's troublous sea
A Pharos flaming high above the roar
Of baffling tempest and ot changing tide,
Triumphat type that tells of wrecking storms defied.
— Louis A. Robertson.
to-day who would rather their loved ones
fill nameless graves if such a ?aerifice could
protect our country's honor. The honor of
our country's glory is not to man alone. To
the women of the Revolution Is a tribute due.
who buckled the sword upon their heroes and
bade them fight for home and country; who
watched, and suffered, and toiled, ana prayed
for our del'.verance. Glory to the women of
our Revolution.
I am pleased here to quote a few lines from
a speech of one of the most patriotic and elo
quent men of America living to-day. I refer
to Colonel Robert G. Ineersoll. While we may
not agree with Colonel Injtersoll upon matters
of religion, BtlU I know we all agree with him
irhen he says:
"All who stand beneath our banner are free.
Ours is the only flag which has In reality
written upon it 'Liberty, fraternity, equal
ity' — the three grandest words In all the
languages of man.
"Liberty— Give to every man the fruit of his
own labor, the fruiis of his hands and of his
biain.
"Fraternity— Every man In the right Is my
brother.
"EquaHty— The rights of all are equal: Jus
tice, poised and talanced In eternal claim,
shall shake from the golden scales in which
»re weighed the acts of men the very dust of
prejudice and caste: no race, no color, no pre
cious condition c,an change the rights of man."
In these few words Colonel Ingersoll has
touched the very heartstrings of the princi
ples which underlie our political government;
they are the conditions which cause every
American's heart to throb In response to the
trust of citi«en*hip.
Our Star-Spangled Banner, our beautiful
Bmblem of liberty, we consecrate ourselves to
thee this day. Our pride at home, our protec
tion abroad; undaunted at perils by land or
by sea, tender and merciful in thy all-con
juerinir force; the hope of our living, the
tvlnding-Bheet of our dead. Thou goddess of
freedom, thou empress of 70,000,000 souls
tvho would pour out their life's-blood to-day
upon thy pyre, if to quench the flame that
ivould tarnish thy luster or defame thy fair
same! Thy subjects are we all.
O thou flag of ours! Thou who hast been
ihrough victory aud defeat; thou who hast
ivitne.^sed untold sufferings at the hearthstone
md oti the battleground; thou who has stood
>ponsor to unswerving devotion; thou upon
tvhom fell the last dying gaze of our Boys in
Blue; thou for whom the pulses of millions
luicken to-day and whose praises sound from
millions of throats! O thou flag of oursl
tladst thou a tongue to-day what couldst thou
ipeak? Haast thou tears to-day wouldst thou
not weep in joy?
This Is an hour with God and with our coun
try. This is an hour when, temporal matters
laid aside, we weave and weave again
memory's eternal garlands. Tenderly and lov
ingly we place them on the brows of our mar
tyred fathers. In silence and In tears, with
jreater love for the flag and for the country
they gave us, we kiss their scars, humbly and
reverently, and turn our faces toward another
sun, whose rays shall warm aud lighten a .Na
tion made greater and nobler for this day's
communion with the dead, yet ever-living,
»ye , immortal, past.
Then the curtain dropped, closing those
on the stage from the view of the audience.
It was known that the next item on the
programme was to be a patriotic tableau,
and the audience waited with keen expect
ancy. The curtain rose amid such silence
that one could almost hear a pin drop.
. There in the center of the stage stood
the father of his country robed in martial
array, while around htm stood his staff
attired in the same garb.
Over to the left of the stage stood the
radiant Goddess of Liberty with her right
hand steadying the pole from which
floated the emblem of the Union.
On the left was stacked an array of
muskets, symbolic of the stormy Revolu
tionary period.
As tbe red light glared up brightly and
threw the scene into prominence, then
softened to a mellower tint and cast
shadows flickering hither and thither, the
audience could no longer restrain its en
thusiasm, but rent the air with thunderous
bursts of applause.
Just at this period the American flag, so
large that it could have been used as a
stage curtain, was slowly let down behind
the group, and at sight of its broad red
and white bands and forty-live golden
stars in a blue field, that vast assemblage
limply shouted itself hoarse.
When thp enthusiasm of tbe house was
somewhat subdued by the falling of the
:urtain, all united in singing "America,"
md tbe assemblage was dismissed by
Rabbi Voorsanger pronouncing the bene-
iiction.
FIREWORKS IN
A DENSE FOG.
THE magnificent display of the day
was fittingly ended by the fireworks
in the evening out near the end of
the Haight-street line.
Cable-cars have been crowded before
[ this time, but it is safe to assert that never
I in the history of the City were so many
human beings crammed into a car as they
were last evening. The proverbial sardine
simile would be a poor comparison.
Men and women clung to the seats, the
railinss, to each other and anything else
on which they could lay hold. Boys
crowded in between their elders' feet aiia
hune on like monkeys. Even the roofs of
the cars were made to do service as seats
for these youthful Americans. They
dropped bunches of firecrackers all along
the track and many kept discharging re
volvers loaded with blank cartridees.
At the scene of the fireworks much of
the brilliancy of the spectacle was ob
scured by a'thiek fog. Ho dense was it
that at a short distance the electric lights
gleamed like stars, the poles being invisi
ble.
Still, the spectacle was full of grandeur.
As the fiery rockets wormed their sinuous
way into the air, the bombs rose to a
height and burst to pieces, the great pin
wheels pirouetted and cast off myriads of
sparks and the Roman candles cast their
vari-colored eloDes of flame hitner and
thither, the vast htiman assemblage would
rend the air with cheer on cheer. Tbe fog
dampened everything but the people's
ardor.
The most excellent features of the
evening were the representation upon wire
frames of the faces of revolutionary
patriots, the liberty bell and stirring his
toric American scenes.
About half-past 9 o'clock the Haight
street cable snapped and rendered it use
less till very late. Everybody was obliged
to walk a good distance to catch other
lines and get back to town.
Thus ended the celebration of the natal
day of the Nation. The old-timers unani
mously admit that it was the liveliest they
have seen in many years.
INJURED CELEBRATED
Quite a Number of Men and
Boys Treated for
Burns.
The Lively Firecracker Claimed Some
Victims From the Noise-
Makers.
The doctors at the Receiving Hospital
were, as usual, kept busy all day yester
day attending to men and boys who had
been injured through the careless use of
firecrackers. Fortunately none o! the
canes were serious.
The first to arrive was P. Griffin, 31 Oak
j street, a few minutes before 10 o'clock.
! He had powder burns on his face, caused
by the premature explosion of a cracker.
William McNaniee, 1 Fifth street, had
powder burns in his eyes from a similar
cause. Robert Miller, a boy, living at 225
Tehama street, was using a toy pistol and
it exploded too soon and wounded his leit
hand.
In the afternoon Laser Blum, a boy
living at 8 Grove street, held a firecracker
too long in his left hand, which was
burned. Harry McGlaufiin, GW> Minna
street, had his eyes and face filled with
burned powder through the premature
explosion of a "redhead,'' and Fred
Smith, a boy living at 1427 Mission street,
was m a similar predicament.
Last night Willie Brown, a boy living at
Gl3 Mission -in-et, was loading a cannon
when it exploded and burned his hands,
face and legs. George Connors, a boy liv
ing at 1410 Kearny street, picked up a
bomb from the street and it exploded,
burning both his hands. John McDon
ald, a boy living at 508 Noe street, bad
both of liis eyes burned by the premature
explosion ol a firecracker. Ephraim
Wade, a boy living at 414 Turk street, was
burned about the face and eyes by the
piemature explosion of a toy cannon.
W. Murphy, a lad living'at 739 Clemen
tina street, was sent to the Receiving Hos
pital suffering from a badly burned arm,
caused by the premature exploaion of a
toy cannon.
P. Harvey, a youngster living at 1016
Folsom street, while examining a large
firecracker to see if it was lighted suddenly
discovered that it was. The boy was sent
to the hospital for treatment for badly
powder-burned face and eyes.
Ancient Tombs.
Five intact tombs of the second and third
centuries before Christ have been discov
ered at Camarina, in Eastern Sicily, by
Dr. Orst. thouch the greater part of the
burial places had been plundered in ancient
times. At Koto Vecchio he has found
three prehistoric cemeteries, a Jewish and
three small Christian catacombs. He will
end the season with excavations in the
forum of Syracuse.
Tne Esquimaux have a queer custom in
regard to doctors. At each visit the doc
tor is paid. If the patient recovers the
physician keeps the money; if the patient
dies tbe money is returned to the family
of the deceased.
HARDY IS KING
OF THE COURT,
Tennis Championship of
the Pacific Coast
Decided.
WHITNEY GIVES BATTLE
Valiant But Ineffectual Effort to
Defeat the Oakland
Boy.
YOUTH AND BEAUTY APPLAUD.
Fashion's Votaries Assemble at San
Rafael to Witness the
Tournament.
Sam Hardy is the champion tennis
player of the Pacific Coast. The plucky
young player achieved this honor yester
day afternoon on the courts of Hotel
Rafael, and when the ball had ended the
journey across the net that decided the
Sam Hardy, Who Yesterday Earned the Title of Champion Tennis-Player of the Pacific States ; George
F. Whitney, Winner of the Runner-up Prize, and R. N. Whitney, President of the Pacific
States Lawn Tennis Association.
REVIEW BY PRESIDENT WHITNEY.
The tournament is over and the result was hardly ever in doubt, Mr. Sam Hardy,
the new champion, winning the set without losing a set. This is in itself a remark
ble performance. The standard of play as evinced in this tournament shows a
marked improvement and the tendency seems to be to return toward a back-court
game.
Many new, promising players appeared in this tournament, which augurs well for
the game in the future. Taken as whole the tournament was a decided success. Too
much credit cannot be given the runner-up, Mr. George Whitney, for his determined
stand against great odds in the final match and bis performance brands him as a
player of thefirst class. R. N. Whitney,
President of the Pacific States' Lawn Tennis Asssociation.
Oakland youth a winner, 300 fair summer
maidens applauded with ali the vigor pos
sible to white-gloved hands, and as many
gorgeously arrayed young men made
knowing comments about the game and
joined in the demonstration so far as they
considered consistent with their efforts to
be fashionably biase.
It was a great day for tennis, especially
the forenoon. Then the sun shone just
warm enough to make pleasure-seekers
rejoice that they were not suffering from
the limitations of four walls, and there
was not too much heat for the comfort of
players or spectators at the game.
As anticipated, the crowd was not so
large at the courts in the forenoon as that
which came later. The events of the morn
ing were but semi-finals. The grand con
test of the meet was to be the all-comers'
final of the afternoon.
In spite of other attractions the seats of
the grand stand were well filled. A num
ber of people wno had come down the
night before or early yesterday morning
patronized the forenoon sport, and they
were well repaid.
Among them was V. Artzimovicb, the
Russian Consul, who occupied a seat in
the grand-stand. Arthur Allen, a con
testant of former years, explained to a
bevy of fair damsels the fine points of the
game. John F. Bheehan Jr. and \Vilham
H. Harrelson, who were once quite promi
nent on the courts at Stanford, but still
better known as baseball players, watched
the play with interest. Other prominent
spectators were: Ernest C. Peixotto. Mrs.
Folper of Oakland, George T. Cameron,
J, Hubert Mcc, the Misses Hush, Mr. and
Mrs. William Magee, Miss Koniie Wal
lace, John F. Archibald, Senator Frank C.
De Long. Frank McLennan, George H.
Gardner of East Oakland, Miss Reillv of I
Oakland. W. H. Hynesof Oakland, W. O.
Cooke, J. M. Anginano, W. G. Morrow
and wife and Gustavus R. Madden.
The first match of the day was between
George Whitney and T. A. Driscoll. Whit
ney bad little difficulty in winning. Dris
coll, as was expected, showed poor form, |
and in the second set came very near
being shut out without a game. As it was !
the score stood ti— 3, G— l.
The secoud match of the forenoon was
in some respects the contest of the tourna
ment. R. N. Whitney was up against i
Bam Hardy and a hard fight was expected.
The first set seemed to indicate a miscal
culation. Hardy managed to be every
where at once, and the ease with which he
stopped Whitney's hard drives rather dis
couraged his opponent. The harder Whit
ney drove them the cooler Hardy got, and
his well-placed returns were marvels. The
set ended six love, Hardy leading.
When Whitney entered the courts for
the second set lie had undergone a great
change. He commenced sending his
wicked drives at his opponent with a force
and precision that perturbed even the
non-excitable Hardy. Before the young
man from Oakland had quite collected
himself the scorer was singing "Four
love, Whitney leading,' which to the in
itiate means four games for Whitney to
none for Hardy.
Then Hardy commenced to play tennis
as only he can play. He didn't succeed in
rattling Whitney again, but he did suc
ceed in putting up a winning game. It
was necessary to play two additional
games to decide the set, Hardy finally
winning by a score of B—6.
Those two matches were the only semi
finals to be decided and the results Jeft
Georee Whitney and Sam Hardy to con
test for the first prize ot the tournament, a
Columbia bicycle, and by the default of
the present champion, Sumner Hardy,
who is in Alaska, the championship of the
Pacific States.
It was 2:45 when the final match was
called. The grandstand, commanding a
view of the court upon which the tourna
ment was held, was full beyond its normal
capacity, and chairs and benches were
crowded into every available shady nook.
A flutter of excitement was caused when
the heroes of the racquet crossed the court
on their way to the dressing-room, and
their appearance was the signal for most
reckless gambling.
One charming enthusiast announced
triumphantly to a party of her young lady
friends that she was willing to bet a box
of candy against a Queen Charlotte. Her
offer was hesitatingly taken up by a com
panion, and then they set about picking
their men. Four times they swapped
champions, odds always remaining the
same, and then the challenger, because
the man she thought the Dest looking was
not the one she thought would win, de
clared the bet off: that she
knew it was wrong to bet, but it made the
game so much more exciting.
At the outset of the final it looked as if
Whitnev was going to stampede Hardy.
George Whitney, like his brother Rob, has
a wicked wav of driving the balls, hard
and swift, just over the top of the set, and
even as adroit a player as Sam Hardy
doesn't fancy that sort of thing.
For a while Whitney's drives were very
effective, but he couldn't hold himself to
gether properly. Hardy apparently sized
him up after the first two or three games,
and he commenced playing rapidly.
Whitney was soon in distress, and before
the first" set was over he was tired and dis
couraged. He made a game fight, how
ever, and showed conclusively that when
experience has taught him "to keep his
nerves steady he wiil be a dangerous "rival
for any player.
Toward the last of the match he made a
final stand and some brilliant playing re
suited. Hardy's remarkable nerve and
precision, nowever, always stood him well
in hand in a rally, aod by one of the
cleverest strokes in the tournament he
won the final game and became the
chamnion.
George Whitney, the "runner-up," re
ceived a handsome cut glass pitcher
valued at $50, as the reward for being
second in the tournament. Hardy received
a Columbia bicycle.
Most of the guests stayed at the hotel last
evening and participated in a grand
Fourth of July ball given by the manage -
ment.
WAR OF THE MINT MEN.
Anti • Raineyites Will Demand
the Resignations of Fed
eral Troops.
Forty of Uncle Sam's Men Are Now
Influential Tools of Bosses
in the Machine.
The official orders from the Secretary of
the Treasury placing within the protection
and under the penalties of the civil-service
! law the employes of the Mint and nearly
all tbe employes of other Federal depart
ments not heretofore in the classified ser
vice are expected here during this week.
Among the Democratic politicians the
removal of a small army of political work
ers from the battlefield is the phase of the
civil service business of the most interest.
It is of special interest to the opponents of
Daggett and Rainey in the Junta organi
zation, and it is now proposed by Samuel
Braunbart, R. L. Mann and other anti-
Raineyites to force some forty Federal em
ployes to resign from the General Commit
tee and to cease displaying offensive parti
sanship.
Nearly all the Federal employes are
j politicians. They got their jobs, as a rule,
by being politicians. This is especially
the case in the Mint. Daggett's local ap
pointments have been made to help him
self and Sara control the machine and op
erate it. The men he has put into places
have nearly all been men of active influ
ence in their aistricts, and a small army
of Mint employes are now members of the
»EW TO-DAY.
No-To-Bac Mends Nerves.
Lost Life-Force Restored and
Shattered Nerve - Power
Quickly Repaired.
The Tobacco Vice Undermines Vigor
and Vitality — Nervous Prostra-
tion, General Debility Mean
Tobacco Nerve-Poisoning.
Tobacco-using is a reckless waste of life
force, money and manhood.
It is a dirty, nasty, men-wrecking disease,
and every tobacco-user knows it.
The tobacco-user's certe? are shattered and
broken, his life is going out of him, he's losing
his grip, but No-To-Bac, the strongest, quickest
nerve tonic in tbe world, braces his brain,
nourishes. his nerves, kills nicotine, makes
manhood. Summer smoking shortens life.
If you want to quit tobacco, gain strength,
weight, vitality —
II you want all the time to look, feel and act
like a man-
Take No-To-Bac ! Get a cure or your money
bark. Over 400,000 have been cured, and
millions use No-To-Bac to regulate tobacco-
using, or purely for its wonderful powers as a
nerve tonic and stimulant.
If your nerve and heart action is weak, no
matter what the cause, take No-To-Bac.
Sold and guaranteed by druggists every-
where. Our famous booklet, "Don't Tobacco
Bpit and Smoke Your Life Away," written
guariiir.ee and free sample mailed for the ask-
ing. Address Tne Sterling Remedy Co., Chi-
cago, Montreal or New York.
Junta General Committee, voting and in
fluencing others in the interest of Daggett
and Rainey.
A chance to remove this strong element
from the organization seems to have ap
peared, and war to that end has been de
clared. It is proposed, for one thing, to
have the campaign committee demand
the resignation of Federal employes. An
other weapon will be the threat that if
these men do not resign and keep out of
factional fights and quit wording for polit
ical bosses they will be complained of to
I the Civil Service Commission and their
jobs put in jeopardy.
If the*e removals are accomplished the
voting strength of the Rainey-Dageett
faction will not be changed much, because
i in districts where that faction is in control
j friends would be elected to the vacancies,
| but what would be accomplished would be
the weakeniog of the Rainey-Daggett side
by the removal from the committee of in
j fluential men who are directly controlled
i and who directly exprcise their influence.
Among the Federal employes in tbe
General Committee are many friends of
the anti-Rainey element, but the great
majority are Rainev-Daggett workers and
twenty-three have jobs in the Mint. The
following is a nearly complete list of Fed
i eral employes in the Junta General Com
mittee who will go into the classified ser
vice under Cleveland's recent order:
Twenty-eighth district— Thomas P. Cusick,
John Welch, internal revenue; Fred Murphy,
I Samuel Hayes, Mint.
Twenty-ninth— John Brown, meat inspector;
I John Coakley, Custom-house.
Thirtieth— John Fitzpatrick, Thomas Healey,
Mint.
Thirty-first — C. S. Arms, Joseph McArdle,
I Captain BuUivan, Mint; George Love, Custom
house; D. Q. Troy, Postoffice.
Thiriy-secoud— William Toner, Mint.
Thirty-third— Thomas Sweeney, Isaac Nor
ton, Mint.
Thirty-fourth— J. F. Kirby, J. K. Bell, Mint;
J. J. Uorden, meat inspector.
Thirty-fifth— H. J. Brown, Sub-treasury; A.
P. Rhoades, Custom-house.
Tnirty-sixth— John Collins, Charles Gagus,
Mint.
Thirty-seventh— J. H. Zemansky, internal
I revenue; M. H. Mead, Timothy Nu'nao. Mint;
Joseph Curtiu, Shipping Commissioner's office.
I Thirty-eighth— Eugene McFadden, Mint.
Thirty-ninth— J. A. Fenton, Mint.
Forty - first — Edward Lanigan, internal
revenue; Harry W. Groth, .Shipping Commis
sioners' office; John A. Degan, James J. Ferry,
Weill Beggs, Mint; John Connaughton, Cus
tom-house.
Forty-third— T. W. Chirm, Custom-house.
Forty-fourth— Edward Feeney, George W.
Ryan, Mint.
Forty-fifth— H. D. Knight, James McKinley.
Mint; Thomas Chandler, internal revenue.
A Crowded Steamer,
Steamers between New Zealand and
Australia must be pretty crowded, judging
from this statement in the London Stand
ard: "I was assured by a friend who not
lonp ago traveled with his daughter from
Auckland to Sidney, five days, that dur
ing the voyage none of theladies could
take a bath, as one lady was sleeping in
the bath itself, while two others occupied
the finer."
Carp have been known to live 200 years.
HEW TO DAT.
A Homeopathic
Nerve Tonic
is not a nasty dose, but pleasant pellets
that act through the capillaries and nerve
centers and build up while you work. Dr.
Humphreys' No. 24 for
Brain Fag; General Debility; all
forms of Physical and Nervous Weakness
arising from Mental Strain, Business
Anxiety, Care or Worry, Overwork or
Emotional Excitement; or from loss of
blood, or of sleep. If there is Indigestion
alternate with No. 10, the famous Specific
for
Dyspepsia; indigestion; weak sto-
: mach ; bad taste, coated tongue, offensive
[ breath, loss of appetite.
The use of No. 24 and No. 10 will build
up the most depleted system and restore
the brain's activity.
"77" for Rose Cold
Homeopathic Book mailed free.
Sold by druggists or sent prepaid upon receipt of
rrtre, flask SI, trial 25 cents. Humphreys' Modi-
I cine Company, ill William street, New York.
Be sure to get
H-U-M-P.-H-R-E-Y-S*
FOR SALE TO BE REMOVED.
rmvo HOUSES, 10 rooms AND BATH EACH.
-L Sacramento street, between Van .Ness avenue
and Franklin. Cheap. -
O. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery street.
ALL LATHE WORK^^^^^FOR TWO YEARS.
A.L.BANCROFT &COT324- POST ST.S.F.
COAL! COAL!
Wellington'^.... ../... ...... $1000 ! ....
Southfield 950 ....
Genuine Coos 8ay.....'..r... 8 50— Hall ton. 350
Seattle... 8 00— Half ton. 400
Bryant. ; 7 00— Hall ton. 400
' Telephone— Black— 3s.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
' ? £22 Howard Street, Near First.
Ik Nf These tiny Capsules are superior
rV to Balsam of Copaiba, /*'"^\|
i\ l CubebsoHniectionsandlflUDf I
|#J CURE IN 48 OURS VJ/
|w J the 6ame diseases without
inconvenience.
. Sold by all druggists^
NEW WESTERN. HOTEL.
KEARNY AND t WASHINGTON ST3.-RB.
modeled ana renovated. KINO, WARD & CO,
I European plan. • Kooms 50c to SI 50 per day, $2
to $8 per week, $3 to 830 per mourn: tree bucha:
' 1 hot and cold water every room; lire grate* lit
i i every room; > elevator runs allnjgat. n* ■■,_ v i .
910
JUBILEE REVEL
AT MONTEREY,
Native Daughters Preside
Over Fourth of July
Festivities.
BEAUTY IN A PARADE.
Grand Marshal Mrs. Steadman
Rides at the Head of the
Procession.
DANCE AT THE DEL MONTE.
Distinguished Naval and Military
Officers the Guests of Honor
at a Ball.
MONTEREY, Cal., July 4--The cele
bration of California's jubiless opened to
day. It was woman's day, although the
observance assumed a dual character for
the Fourth and the beginning of the cere
monies that are to mark tbe fiftieth anni
versary of the hoisting of the National
nag in California. The day was given
over entirely to the Native Daughters,
who, with very clear rights, claimed it as
their own, and the Native Daughters were
consequently happy that after half a cen
tury they, the offspring of the pioneers,
should thus take part in tbe commemora
tion so full oi meaning for all Californians,
if not, indeed, for every citizen of the
United States.
The celebration began at 10 a. m., when
crowds of Montereyans and their neigh
bors filled the grand stand of Lyceum
Park and the enclosures to witness a mili
tary spectacle new to many of them. The
first event on the programme comprised a
series of maneuvers by Cavalry Troop C of
Salinas under command of Captain M. J.
Burke.
At noon the United States ships Phila
delphia and MonadnocK in the bay, with
their signal flags fluttering in the breeze,
fired a salute. The echoes of the old hills
were rudely awakened by this crash of
great euns as they had not been for many
a long year.
All other ceremonies were under the
auspices of the Grand Parlor of the Native
Daughters, whose officers are: Urand pres
ident, Mrs. Mary E. Tillman; grand vice
president, Mrs. Belle Conrad; grand sec
retary, Mrs.Georgia Cotter-Ryan, and grand
treasurer, Mrs. Inge P. Faures. There
RELICS OF PIONEER DAYS EXHIBITED AT MONTEREY.
was a parade through the main streets in ;
the afternoon, and in this feature the
United States sailors and two companies
of the Fifth United States Artillery, \
camped at Del Monte, overshadowed every- i
thing.
Tbe procession was led by M;s. Stead
man, who, as grand marshal, roue a white
horse. She wore a red and white sash and j
a black riding costume. In the front came
the Fifth Artillery, with its guns and j
caissons, the like of which had not been
seen in Monterey since the ancient Spaa- '
Mrs M. S. Steadman, Grand Marshal of the Fourth of July Parade at Monterey.
ish cannon were hauled to the fort over
topping the city.
The sailors appeared in white duck
suits, with their rifles, and marched in
double platoons, headed by the marine
band.
Cavalry Troop C, N. G. C, of Salinas,
was next in line, as an escort for the God
dess of Liberty, Miss Ingram, with the
stars and stripes draped around her. She
occupied an elevated position on a float
drawn by two government mules, led by
two soldiers. The Monterey Fire Depart
ment followed, all in neat blue uniforms,
and then came the beautiful living fla?.
representing the stars and stripes, by
children dressed in red or white or blue
and arranged like the National emblem,
with a row of young women in yellow at
one side to represent the staff. They
were applauded all along the line of
march. The procession closed with a long
row of carriages containing ladies and
gentlemen.
No sooner had the crowd fairly settled
in and around the grand stand opposite
the old Mexican Custom-bouse than the
literary exercises beean. 8. J. Duckworth,
the leading spirit of the celebration, intro
duced Miss Orton, who delivered an ad
dress of welcome to the Native Daughters.
She in turn introduced Miss E. A. Spencer
of Eureka, Cal., past grand president of
the Native Daughters, who was president
of the day. In behalf of the Grand Parlor,
N. D. G. W., Miss Spencer thanked the
local parlor for the reception.
Miss Clara Wittenmeyer pronounced an
eloquent prayer and Esther Malcolm-
Johnson read a poem, after which the
children composing the living flag sang
"Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean." Miss
Marian B?rtola of Martinez delivered an
address. The Philadelphia band played
"Marching Through Georgia," and Miss
Agnes Manning of San Francisco read an
able essay on "Monterey Under tbe Span
ish Kegiuie." Tbe band played "Yankee
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
Doodle," and Miss Eliza Keith spoke on
•Patriotism in the Public Schools."
"The highest form of a nation," said
Mrs. Keith, "is one where the people form
and maintain a government strong enoueh
to punish criminals, regulate society, pro
tect its citizens in all their rights. y*t
powerless to do any harm to its own law
abiding people. Such a Nation is our
great republic, the United States.
"Unrestricted immigration threatens to
arrest the develos>ment of this highest
type of Americanism. We have already
received more foreign elements than we
can assimilate. The foreign-born and
their immediate descendants already ex
ceed the native-born north of Mason and
Dixon's line. Ar the oresent time there
are over 2,000.000 idle laborers in the
United States; and yet immigrants, the
very offscourings >'f Europe, are flocking
to our shore? at the rate of 30,000 a month.
We want no more assisted immigrants,
whether they come to marry an American
heiress or to grind an organ. This is
America, and we propose to keep it so.
"There should be no such thing as the
foreign vote. Only American citizens
have a right to vote, and why insult an
elector by branding him as a half-and-half
American? No one should ask a cit-zen
of foreign birth to forget his own home,
but we do insist that he shall remember it
in his prayers and not in his politics.
"As Americans, we can tolerate the pres
ence of no class or clan or sect among us
that is antagonistic to American princi
ples. No other language than the mother
tougne of our Nation, the English lan
guage, should be accepted as a vehicle for
national or municipal expression. Un-
American influence should be cast out
from our public places, particularly from
our public schools.
"Education for American citizenship
must begin with the child at school. Nay,
I am wrong; it must begin earlier than
that. Every American mother must make
of her child a baby patriot, proud of the
tiny American flag which she pins on his
breast as she takes him to see his first
Fourth of July procession."
Mrs. Keith made an eloquent plea for
Government control of schools. "The
conviction grows," said she, "that tbe
National Government should have control
of the public schools, reducing the un
even and conflicting local system to an
educational uniformity and* raising the
standard. The Nation educates her sol
diers and her tailors; why not her future
citizens? The National Government should
supervise all public schools in the United
States. All private institutions of learn
ine, whether they be denominational or
non-sectarian, should regulate their course
of study and furnish a national, non
partisan textbook upon rights, duties and
responsibilities of American citizenship."
The marine musicians rendered
"America," that resounded with powerful
effect upon the drowsy bay, over the
adobes of another age and tbe romantic
hills. A picture, at that moment singu
larly impressive and beautiful, could be
seen by any one there with eyes to see —
the blue bay, with the great white men-of
war and iheir gay bunting ana flags, the
historical shores and hills, old Monterey,
with its Mexican adobes, and nearer the
crowd of new people and the school chil
dren with American flags, while beyond,
silhouetted against the summer sky,
stood the status ol Padre Serra, the mis
sionary, the beacon light in Monterey's
history.
The ceremonies came to a close with a
benediction by Miss Clara Wittenmeyer.
In the tvenins there was a ball in the
Pavilion and a dance and reception by the
Monterey firemen.
The climax of the day's festivities was
the Fourth of July ball at the Hotel del
Monte. Like all the other features of the
celebration, the affair was open to all vis
itors to the historic city. A number of
State officers were expected, but failed to
come. Ti.elr presence was missed, of
course, but in no way did their absence
interfere with the joy of the dances.
The pretty ballroom never looked pret
tier than it did to-niL-ht. The decorations
were all in the national colors, ana the
graceful draping of bunting harmonized
perfectly with t c beautiful costumes worn
by the ladies. There were at least 200
dancers on the floor at one time, and all
enjoyed themselves to the highest ex
treme. All the officers of the warship
Philadelphia and Mouadnock and Cora
panics D and F of the Light Artillery
were also present, including Admiral
Beaidsiee, Captain Stoney and Colonel
Davis.
WHRELMES RULE. AT EUREKA.
Cyclers Have Charge of the Natal- Hay
Festivities.
EUREKA, Cal., July 4.— This year's
celebration in Eureka was in the hands of
local wheelmen. They performed their
task well. A ball given by the Eureka
Road Club last night ushered in the natal
day festivities.
The parade to-day formed in front of the
courthouse at 9:30 o'clock, and took up the
line of march. It wa3 led by Marsbal Cut
ler and aids, and comprised the fire de
partment, Naval Reserve, business floats
and fraternal and civic societies, followed
by a large number of wheelmen in club
uniform and riding finely decorated
wheels. Long before the procession had
reached Armory Hall, where the literary
and musical exercises were held, a dense
throng had filled the hall. Lawrence F.
Puter was orator of the day. His talk
was original and entertaining.
Celebrations were held to-day at Scotia,
Blue Lake and Bayside. Scotia was the
scene of the large-t picnic held for many
years in Hum bold t County. It was given
under the auspices of the County Amer
ican Protective Association. State Presi
dent Rev. B. F. Hudelson delivered an
address.
The races this afternoon were hotly con
tested. The mile novice was won by R.
Ohman in 2:27; the half-mite scratch by
R. Ohman in 1:07; the mile handicap by
Fred Hauck, scratch, in 2:22 3-5; the
quarter-mile scratch by Fred Hauck in
34 2-5; the quarter-mile handicap by R.
Ohman, 30 yard in 1:09; the two-miie
handicap by R. Ohman, 120 yards, in 7:14;
the mile open by R. Ohmaii in 2:25.
• — • ♦ •• — _
CHICO UNLEASH THE EAGLE.
General Bidvoell Addresses a Butte
Countif Populace,
CHICO. Cal.. July 4.— This has been a
gala day for Chico. The streets have been
thronged by people from far and near,
from the ushering in of the day with the
roar of cannon until late at night.
Tne morning procession comprised a
long line of gayly decorated equi paces, with
fire companies, militia and civic societies.
The streets were enveloped in masses ot
flags, lanterns and bunting. The main
entrances to tbe city were arched with
lanterns, flags and evergreens.
General John Bidwll ~x&s president of
the day. Professor E. T. Batchelder de
livered the oration and Hon. C. G. Warren
reau the Declaration of Independence with
good grace.
Not the least entertaining feature of the
day was the calitumpian parade. It was
headed by the Eighth Regiment band in
disguise. After tbe parade the crowd as
sembled in the city plaza, where E. B.
Collins delivered thecaiithumpian oration
and G. T. Jackson read the Declaration of
Independence.
In the evening a erand ball was held in
tbe Armory Hall under the auspices of the
Fire Department.
BAKERSFIELD'S PARADE.
Pretty Maidt Enthroned Upon Gayly
Itecorcted Floats.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., July 4— An im
mense crowd, a three-quarter mile pro
cession, including militia from the valley
towns to the north, with their respective
bands, floats representing Columbia, Cali
fornia and Kern County, patriotic music,
tbe reading of the declaration and an ad
dress dealing with the industrial situation
from an anti-monopoly standpoint, a bar
becue, balloon ascension, fireworks, bi
cycle races and a grand ball in the new
courthouse, were the features of the day at
Bakersfield.
Miss Fannie Maio, as Columbia, was en
throned upon a white float, canopied with
pampas plumes and drawn by white
horses. Tho float designated as Califor
nia, Miss Edna Coons goddess, was of a
yellow tone, and Miss Flora Willow as
Kern County, satin a silver moon on a
float bearing samples of the immense va
riety of production for which Kern is
famous. Following this float came the
machines that have been used in giving to
this section its great irrigating system,
and long teams drawing great loads of
wheat, barley and oats showed the
features of the farming industry.
LOS ANGELES PATRIOTISM.
The Anti- Firecracker Ordinance forgot
ten on th* Fourth.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 4.— For the
past twenty-four hours tne young An
geleno has kept up an unceasing fusillade
of fireworks. Thanks to the good-nature
of Chief Glass, who headed the street
parade to-day, the anti-firecracker ordi
nance remains a dead letter. The proces
sion to-day was an imposing one. The
living flag, composed of 200 schoolgirls,
was the special feature most admired.
Every division was headed by a band. The
burlesque fire department from "Dark
town" created great amusement all alone
the line. The real fire laddies attended
strictly to their knitting, but fortunately
were not required in any great numbers.
There was only one email blaze, which
one company quickly extinguished.
SANTA BARBARA CONCERT.
Ihe Marine Band Entertains a Fourth
of July Gathering.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., July 4.—
Santa Barbarenos ushered in Independ
ence day by a concert Riven by the Santa
Barbara military band, under tbe leader
ship of Professor Hans Schuy. Tne con
cert was held last evening at the Plaza del
Mar. It included National airs, punctu
ated by fireworks.
The festivities at Burton Mound to-day
were attended by over 1000 people. The
Santa Barbara Marine band discoursed
"Yankee Doodle" and many kindred
pieces to an appreciative audience. After
the concert dancing was indulged in and
refreshments were served. In the evening
there was more dancing and another con
cert.
GRASS TALLEY'S DISPLAY.
Auspicious Beginning of a Three Days'
Elfctric Carnival.
GRASS VALLEY, Cal., July 4.-The
advent of electricity for motive power and
lighting purposes has been a boon to Grass
Valley citizens, and they used it without
stint in decorating streets and buildings
for the three days' electrical display which
began last night. Three thousand lights
were strung.
To-day's demonstration began with a
NEW TO-DAY.
A Wonderful Medicine
<BMLB|J icr^. flfafl BL -^ H^ia jJTOffSlk Bm|jff JB
Tor Bilious and Nervoaa disorders such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache.
Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling alter meals. ' Dizziness and '■ Drowsiness. Cold Chills
Flusbings ot Heat, Loss or Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Blotches on tbo
Skin, Disturbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations 4c
TL.f? l BTn >Ptomsare caused by constipation; as most of them are. THE FIRST DOSE
WILL. GIVE RELIEF IN TWENTY MINUTES. This Is no fiction. Every. 8 55 erer i> laear-
neatly Invited to try one box or these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECH A I PILLS, taken as directed, will quickly restore females to com-
plete health. . They promptly remove obstructions or Irregularities of the system. For a
WEAK STOMACH, IMPAIRED DIGESTION, DISORDERED LIVER
they act like magic— a few doses will work wonders upon the Vital organs; strengthen-
ing the muscular System, restoring tbo long-lost complexion, bringing back the keen
edge of appetite, and arousing with the Rosebud of Health the whole physical
energy of the human frame. .These are facts admitted by thousands. In all classes of
•oclety. and one of the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated la that Beech-
am » Pills have the Largest Sale of any Patent Medicine in the World.
WITHOUT A RIVAL. Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes.
25c at Drug Stores, or will be sent by U. 8. Agents, B. F. f ALLEN CO., 36» Canal St., Now
cork, post paid, upon receipt of price. Book free upon application.
parade. Following this Hon. Judson Bru
sie of Sacramento delivered an oration. A
bicyclist lantern parade ended the celebra
tion to-nieht.
Populist* Picnic Sear Merced.
MRRCED, Cal., July 4.— The Fourth
passed off quietly at Merced, the cele
bration of the day being held at Goodale's
Grove, where the Populists held a picnic.
Before noon people began to arrive and
spread their lunches under the trees. At
2 o'clock the exercises began with the
reading or the Declaration of Indepen
dence by Frank H. Farrar. He was fol
lowed A- J. Waterhouse of Fresno, the
orator of the day. A competitive match
between gun clubs of Madera and Merced,
at blue rocks, was won by the Merced club
by a small margin.
Observed at Los Onto*.
LOS GATOS, Cal., July 4.— Los Gatoi
fittingly observed the Fourth. A parade
of civic societies in the morning was fol
lowed by a picnic and literary exercises in
the afternoon. Robert Wilson was presi
dent of the day and H. V. Morehouse de
livered the oration. The tugof-war was
won by a team from Hose Company No. 1
in 8% minutes. Hose Company No. 2 won
the prize in the firemen's tournament.
The time was 1:04 %. The^ celebration
closed with an electrical and fireworks dis
play in the evening.
Lot Angeles Odd Fellow.
LOB ANGELES, Cal., July 4.— About
200 Odd Fellows of this city, with others
from neighboring towns, instituted Hofer
Lodge No. 60, composed of German-Amer
icans, this morning. The new lodge
starts with thirty-three charter members.
It was instituted by Grand Master J. W.
Warboysof Santa Rosa, assisted by Deputy
Grand Master H. G. Quackenbush, Grand
Warden G. W. Stockwell and George T.
Shaw of San Francisco, grand scribe.
BREED AT LOS AAGELES.
Miss Coffstoil'it Marriage to Bigamist
( uitiui in</*i n</* Annulled.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 4— Mrs. Eva
Cummings. an accomplished young lady,
was yesterday granted a decree by Judge
Shaw annulling her marriage with "Rev."
H. W. CumminßS, permitting her to re
sume her maiden name of Cogswell and
granting her the custody of her minor
child.
The "Rev." Mr. CurnminßS married
Miss Cogswell 'about three years ago. He
posed as a preacher. The boys at the
university here regarded him as a fakir,
but some of the feminine contingent be
lieved him to be an excellent young man.
Atter his marriage with Miss Cogswell it
was learned that Cummings was already
married to another woman. The bigamist
tied to avoid arrest and conviction.
LOS ANGELES CAPITALIST HEAD.
Samuel Bellman Succumbs After a Lin-
aering Illness.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 4.— Samuel
Hellman. a retired capitalist, a cousin of
I. W. Hellman of the Nevada Bank of San
Francisco, died after a lingering illness
this forenoon. Mr. Hellman was in tbe
stationary and book supply business here
for many years and accumulated a iar^e
fortune. His* daughters were traveling in
Europe and were cabled to when his ill
ness became alarming. They are now on
their way to this city.
Mr. Hellman came to Los Aneeles in
1857. His associate in business was J. D.
Stassforth.
> Ann's tux aeh WRECK.
Lots of Life Cmuaed by High Water in
Eraser River.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 4.— High
water in Fraser River undermined the
track at Farr's tunnel on the Canadian Pa
cific Railroad last night, and when the
East-bound freight with tea from the
Orient struck the WL-ak spot the train, con
sisting of eight cars loaded with tea and
one with coal, was thrown into the river.
Brakeman Dearin was killed and Fireman
Coughhn and Engineer Carey injured.
The Fraser is now reported by the Can
adian Pacific Company tfi be subsiding.
The company claims traffic will be unin
terrupted from now on.
Fatal shooting at Stockton.
STOCKTON, Cal., July 4.— William
Wolf, ex-Superintendent of Streets, was
accidentally shot by Gus Gianelli in the
latter's saloon on Weber avenue this
morning. Gianelli was showing a pistol
and he removed the cartridges and placed
them on the bar. Then he stepped aside.
In the meantime, either Wolf or a drum
mer from San Francisco who was with
him, reloaded the weapon. Gianeili re
turned, and believing the revolver not
loaded he snapped it at Wolf. The bullet
entered Wolf's breast, just above the
heart. Wolf cannot live.
Oil Struck at Silver Creek.
FRESNO, Cal., July 4.— Fresno is to
have another oil boom. The latest dis
covery is of an oil-bearing strata in the
vicinity of Silver Creek, near the eastern
foot of Panoche Pass. A company of San
Francisco capitalists has been organized
to develop the field. Four prospecting
wells have been sunk and a flow struck.
The country along the base of the Coast
Range, between Coahnga and Panoche,
will now be prospected.
Death of a San «To*« Pioneer.
SAN JOSE, July 4.— Joseph Fox worthy,
a pioneer of 1849, died at the home of his
brother-in-law, W. H. McCarty, in this city
to-day. He was a native of Kentucky, aged
72 years. He crossed the plains by ox
team in 1849. and made a similar trip in
1863. In 1865 he located near Saratoga, in
this county. A sister, Mrs. McCarty, and
a brother in Colorado survive him.
Cadets Report at Mare Island.
VALLEJO, Cal., July 4.— Five naval
cadets reported at the navy-yard this
afternoon for duty on the battle-ship
Oregon.
DIGGING AT THE C AVE- IN.
->'o Further Xeu>s From the Twin Shaft
Colliery.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., July 4.— "Still
digging at the cave-in," is the only news
from the Twin Shaft this morning. Dur
inelast night there were slight indications
of another squeeze and the men were sent
back to timber the weak spots. The tlurd
fall has been struck by the rescuers, the
other two having been cleared away. The
advance made from midnight until this
morning toward the supposed location of
the bodies of the unfortunate men is about
twenty-five feet.
NEW TO-DAT-DRTQOOD9. ___^^_ _"'__'* ..-'-'-
SUMMER CLEARANCE SALE
OF ■
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
20 pieces ALL-WOOL FIGURED GCAMTE SUITINGS, formerly $1.25
per yard, to clear. 75c per yard
15 pieces NOVELTY MOHAIR JAIQUARD SUITIAGS, regular price $1.50
per yard, to clear. — SI -OO per yard
25 pieces 54-INCH ALL-WOOL CHEVIOT SERGE, to clear . 75c per yard
ALL HIGH-GRADE NOVELTY SUITS CUT DOWN TO HALF PRICE.
JS3E2 SABIjA X!SPA]\rOIj.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VILIjE IDS! PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
CLOSING
'EM
OUT I
Our Summer Stock of Tan
Shoes now offered far below
factory prices.
*rr £-1 (tijl "IP Ladies* Tan Boots,
V 1 I Jftti li|I i| button or lace; very
1 L *¥ U9l -V latest styles; needle or
/ V \ narrow square toes,
C V-shaped Tan all sizes
button or iace; very
latest styles; needleor
narrow square toes,
V-shaped tips; all sizes
(X^ X \ and widths— s2.ls.
VJjVJ^V Cannot be bought
VT^C^^v^ elsewhere for less than
n^vN^ $3.00. .
w <£1 I \ Ladies' Tan Kid Cloth
/t*«— — w 1 »TC V Top Oxford Ties, nee-
(V™. die toe, V-shaped tip,
w^lNk t! hand- turned soles; in
Vf**v v ~-^V^ all sizes and widths —
at ?1.45.
V\\ (fit IK Misses' Tan Bntton,
1 C» I CPltlO s P rin X beel. narrow
J Yo. I square toe, V-shaped
r Misses' Tan Button,
spring heel, narrow
square toe, V-sliaped
tip, straight foxed;
/ V? very stylish and good
P"**-.^^i» rv wearers ; sizes 11 to 2 —
$1.15.
(til AX Ladies' Extra Quality
>,M.t)f) Tan Oxford Ties;
c- £! -- = v ** V V hand - turned : soles,
(^~~^*'^ < %a needle toe, V-shaped
•\^*\; >v^S>v tip; strictly latest
\-"Y~ < >> > T^ a style in every detail
at $1.95.
1340 and 1348 Market Street.
Op; site Odd Fellows' Building.
Country orders receive prompt attention.
FOR
* Fine Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Pi ices, go to
JOE POHEIM
THE TAILOR.
PANTS made to order from $4.0!
SUITS made to order from $15.00
MY $17.50 and $35 SUITS
201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bust-
* 724 Market St. 1110 & 1112 Market St
■. SAN FRANCISCO.
WtASi mtm
CURED AS IF BY MAGIC.
Victims of Lost Manhood should send at I
GsSg ' " '•• once for a book
\C?y that explains how
/*^+Jt?\ full manly vigor
1-* Jsr~S%K *" eaa ily» quickly
\V^ Jfr^. ,3\ and permanently
restore!. No man
• fr^\t^-T3rQ§arN& suffering from
//^ \\Xls/l weakness can af-
I >-^4^V /MAr ford to ignore this
j/L^s^n- Ctr^A timely advice,
' s£Z<CX (A -^jMyGk Book tells how
**; ~^T- *^^^^*^full strength, de-
velopment and tone are imparted to every
portion of the body. Sent with positive
proofs (sealed) free to any man on application.
ERIE MEDICAL 00., BUFFALO,N.V.
PChUl«Ur'» En«ll«h Diamond Brut.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
~4Cm'"v Or!*! »nd Only Gr nnlne. A
y'dt «Vs!V ■■• ••«. »lw«yt reliable, uoitt uk fi\
A/71_5-Wl DfinW for Chirhrtlrrt Sr.atUh Din/rfiX
yfSJß*4ttfamoTu{ Brand In Ked and Gold met»llioVvSr
~>>!>||mboxet. icaled with bin* ribboo. Take \Sr
1?1 <^4 yy9 bo other. Refuse dang-roiu tulitttt. V
I / ~~ nfttont and imitationt. AiDTtxgfiait, or Mnd4«.
I W yf In itimpa for i»rtlc«4irf, teuisaanial* and I
V "C* 0 "Relief far Ladle*." in lette-, by return I
— \. If Mall. 10,000 T«timonUli. . .Yam* Paver.
. J"t"^rtMMolir»t«>r Chemical l\>.,M«<!Uon. "en
faintfuifLomlDrucKiiu. fhll^-t-. pg
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tome tor tJH '
lexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and i
. great remedy for diseases or the kidneys and blal-
der. A great Restorative, Invigoratoraad Nerviaa.
tells on its own Merits— no lons-winded taiU-
monlals necessary. » MWIJjfUIJiPiHwii^B
-N.v«i«.K, .I.IS Jfc BKU.NG, Attain*.
333 Market St.. .S. I.—( fiend lor circular.! I
. \ " : ; ; • — — — — — ~ j
V^S^CCKEfc^fc.^ Gleet, bpermatorrho;a i
JS^yioltos.U.Ti.\iJ vuiiteß, unnatural dis- '
JELw Guaranteed charges, or any innanimfi- !
#SY not to ■tricture. " tion, irritation or K.
g^Pwreat. eouugion. , tiou of mucous mem-
KSIrHEEvANSCHEMICuCo. cranes. Non-astringent. •
%g2|tc!NCI>iHATI.O IS | Sold by Druggist?,
U.S.A. J&sa?. sent in Plain wr-Dper
* * Circular sent or - naat.
. . . Ei Circular sent. or. - n«at.
COSMOPOTjITAN, J
Opposite U. S. Mint. 100 and 102 Flftt, st.. 3 m !
lrancJ«co, CaJ._Th 9 most select tanxU, hotel U ;
Lheclty. Board ana room, $1, *1 25 «ad $1 5J par
•?* J^ » *•/• *ree coacn to and tron» U»?aot«.
if 0 * tor tne coaoj* bearing Ux» : name oJ iv« Co* i
toopoltt*a Hout. wit lA.HJ6Y troyrwwfc I
GOLDEN RULE
BAAZAR.
SPECIAL SALE
SILVER-PLATED WARE
THIS WEEK.
Combination Sugar with 6 spoons, quadruple
Plate. 9 1 37
Combination Sugar, satin. Bright cut, with 12 -
■ si oons, quadruple plate ;..... 149
5-BoiUe Casters, satin. Bright cut. quadruple ■' '
p1ate.......;.. ;. ...; 100
6:Bottle Casters. Rogers Bros., satin, Bright
cut. quadruple plate 2 00
6- Bottle Casters, fancy chased, quadruple
plate 2 25
Glass-bottom Butter Dish, triple-plate t0p.... 75
Bright-cut Hutter Dish, triple-plate 15
Pear-shape Butter Dish, quadruple plate,
satin finish l 29
Butterfly Butter Dish, quadruple plate, glass
rest 149
4-Piece Tea Set, satin, Bright cut, Quadruple
plate 5 78
4-Piece Tea Set, extra large- cot, Bright cut,
quadruple plate 6 50
14-inch Mound Tray, satin center to match.. 250
Satin Bright-cut Cake Basket, quadruple
Plate r 100
Satin Bright-cut Cake Basket, quadruple
plate 2 25
Fancy Engraved Cake Basicet, quadruple
plate.. 2 50
Colored-Glass Berry Dish, triple plate, frame
high 139
Imitation Cut-Glass Berry Disb, triple plate,
frame low '.. 149
Fancy Upaque-Glass Berry Dish, quadruple
plate, frame 10w...:..."..-...' 2 00
% dozen each Forks and Knives, triple plate,
in satin-iiued leatherette case 1 49
% dozen each Forks and Knives, Tea and
Table Spoons, in plush case, satin lined . 400
Full Assortment of Everything at Equally
Low Prices.
DAVIITBROS.,
718 Market Street, San Francisco
HOTEL I MPIRE,
FIRE-PROOF, *
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with oaths,
800 mites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
10 minutes from business and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson Klw
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere In
America.
Paw-engers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or 9th aye. " L " to 66th st., or Broadway cable
care to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan. $1 np. American plan, «3 up. Most com-
pletely equipped and most liberally manaeed hotel
I -^t-OBl*, Xr OHNS ° N <* UINN ' "*'
m.mqmjlty:
T H^«n V , E . LI/ " KNOWN AND RELIABLE BPK-
\PIIV r m"l S . PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
■ r)K^h»r^» SDI> ' EASES OKMKN ONLY. He stops
1 Rorp.. 7 ; cures secret Blood and skin Diseases,
f*nr2 £"i Jl welnngs: Nervous Debility. Impo-
tence and other weaknesses of Manhood. -
tprrfh*; orr cts th ? * e <" re Em»» of Youth and their
i?«rt T e 5 ect *y Lo3Bof Vitality, Palpitation of the
tJnnhh.. ? s of Memor y - Despondency and other
v?^i! s of mind and body, caused by the Errors,
, txcesses and Diseases of Boys and Men
! re 5 v t « res Losl Vigor and Manly Power, re-
noluK D «* orn »»tles and restores the Organs to
1 Health. a He also cures Diseases caused by Mer-
i cury and other Poisonous Drucs.
»i« CXulty ' 8 methods are regular and sclen-
una He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
: preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
■ medical treatment. His New Pamphlet on Pri-
i vate Dls«ases sent Free to * men who describe
their trouble. Patients cured at Home. Terms
J liable. ...
. Hours-9 to 3 dKlly; 630 to 8:30 evenings. Sun-
days, 10 to 12 only. Consultation free and sa-
J credly confidential. Call on or address
P. KOStOE BIoNUI/TY, »I. D..
90)4 Kearny St., S»u Francisco. CaL '
KB- Beware of strangers who try to talk to you
• 5S out your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
They are capper* or steerers for swindling doctors.
IRON BEDS,
f«J- "1 J— I BRASS BEDS.
! r , FOLDING BED 3*
Wire and Hair Mat- "
~\ tresses, Recli n i n •
! I■■H 1 1 Chairs, Wheel Cbairi,
j TT" Commodes, Basic ilesu ■•
• Jjjjj C MT?fl]f w. A schkock.
j ■■•^^ -^, '*''U1 Now Montgomery
, w *•■» Iji St., under Oraua
i^m *^ Hotel, S. if.MAIL CARRIERS
WANDERED FREE.
Two Thousand Persons at
Schuetzen Park, San
Rafael.
DANCING, GAMES, MUSIC.
Prize- Winners to Be Announced
at Social Next Saturday
Night
THE CARRIERS' BAND PRAISED.
Harry Logan Badly Hurt by a Spec
tator While Running One of
the Races.
Two thousand persons attended the sec
ond annual picnic of the San Francisco
Letter-carriers' Mutual Aid Association in
Schaetxen Club Park at San Rafael yesler
uay.
The first boat leaving the Tiburon feiry
at 9 a. y- was comfortably loaded witn
numan freight, and music by the Letter
carriers' Band enlivened the trip for those
on pleasure bent. Several hundred went
over on the three other boats during the
day, and the fun was in full swing before
the middle of the afternoon.
The programme consisted of music,
games, dancing, racing and towiing. The
pavilion was crowded with dancers during
li.c afternoon, and the several committees
were untiring in their efforts to make the
day pass pleasantly.
The races began at 1:30 p. m. and were
quite exciting. The names of the winners
in the following contesis, as well as those
who won the 151 gate prizes, will be an
nounced at the social and dance to be
given by the carriers in Native !?ons' .Hall
next Saturday nl<:ht:
One lap— First prize, one pair of $10 pants.
Charles Lyons. 1813 Market, street; second
j>nze, shaving cup and brush, Harris Bros.,
1306 Market street.
100-yard race, ladies, single— First prize.
parasol, Lippmann Bro^., 441 Haves street;
second prize, tnree-pound box candy, Roberts
Bros., 1301 Polk stroet.
100-yard race, married ladies— First prize,
Five-pound box tea, Wessel Bros., 1330 Stock
ton street; second prize, one dozen cabinet
photos, George H. Knight, 721 Sutter street.
standing broad jump — First prize, one case
zinfandel, E. L. Christen, 313 Hayes street;
second prize, one box cigars, Burmei6ter Bros.,
Bush and Polk streets.
220-yard race— First prize, one pair shoes, a
friend; second prize, one-quarter barrel extra
pale lager, John Wieland Brewing Company.
Special for Owl Clvb — Ten gallons lager beer,
Bavaria Brewing Company.
Race for heavy weights, 180 pounds— First
prize, one case export beer, California Bottling
Company; second prize, one gallon best
sherry, R. Jeutzsch, 800 Larkin street; third
prize, one bottle O. X., Kapp «fc Street, 120G
Market street; fourth prize, something special,
National Ice Company.
220-yard race for superintendents and Post
office clerks— F;r-t prize, one pair $10 pant*,
Bo re t it Rosenberg; second prize, one gallon
triple X port, A. B. Lachman. 105 Second street.
100-yard race, girls umler 16— First prize,
half pound extract, A. H. Smith & Co., i:$00
Polk street; uecond prize, two-pound box
French mixed candy, George 11. Roberts, 1301
Polk street.
100-yard race, boys under IH— First prize,
I'hilatelic stamp aiburn, 1000 different stamps,
and one year's subscription to Philatelic Jour
nal, XV. Sellschopp & Co., 108 Stockton street;
second prize, bicycle cap, George W. Simpson,
1610 Market street.
200-yard race, employes Pelton Water Wheel
Company, 121 Main street— First prize, $5
cash. A. F. Brayton Jr., secretary Pelton Water
Wheel Company; second prize, three-pound
box White Navy'tobaceo, H. Bohls & Co.
Three-legged race— First prize, one case wine,
Philip Ban wortn, 2337 Mission street; second
prize, one dozen quarts beer, Buffalo Brewing
Company.
Carriers' race, four times round track — First
prize, $10 pair pants, Rosenblum <fc Abra
HEALTH AND SUMMER RESORTS.
When writing for further particulars to any of the Jfealth or Pleasure ftesorts in these columns Aindly mention the CjfXX.
TIE BARTLETT
SPRINGS
HAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
being one of the .wonders of the world, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those .in "searcti of health, will be well
paid by visiting them.
. ... 1 ■•"■-,•
The Finest Summer Climate in Cali-
. fornia.
LARGE SEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism, Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS.. 810 TO SI PER WEEK.
Two Rontes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
. S. 1-. and X. I. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 32 Fourth street, 8. £"., or
Bartlett Springs. Lake County, Cal. .. r
MPA SODA STRUGS,
California's I'amom Mountain Spa!
Havx You Betsy Thkkk Lately?
3000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Ifot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postoftice.
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New Improvements every
year. Gas and running water In every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER BWISI-
MING TANTC An ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delignt; husbands' rest.
A ddressAND RE W JACKSON, Napa Boda Springs
X O. ■ ./.-■,. :.
SODA CAY MOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKK,
Is most picturesque. Soda Spring Is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
It throws out dally, amounting to over 1,000,000
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boating and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has Juss
been opened. The table is supplied with the very
Ix-st the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
camping grounds. A coach will connect with the
daily stage from Pieta and Highland - Springs,
Ai'ams, Selgler, Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare
Jrom San Francisco. $5 60; round trip. $10. Spe-
cial rates lor families. G. B. WYAIT, proprietor,
boda Bay. Kfisey ville, Lake County, Cal.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, Cal.
INNER SMV MAN A G M KIN T.
"ft ATEB $2 TO *» 50 I'UJK DAY, $3 TO $14 PKR
•It week: all baths free. '
W. H. HAItRON. Proprietor.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD.
TN TUB HEART OF ; THE SANTA CRUZ
-*- Mountains. .Board from $7 to $10 a week.'
Campers' return ticket, ft! ' 50. Send for circular
to • . ■ - M. S. COX, Laurel, CaL
•
J hams, 1103 Market street; second prize, hand- I
Bonnely decorated shaving mug, Joe Coey, !
•23V. 2 Taylor street.
Knee for carriers' wives— First prize, oil
i painting, Chr. P. ,^kov, earner station J; sec
| ond pr>ze, one ten-pound ham, W. A. Wilson ]
; 1045 Market street.
Race for men over fifty years, 50-yard race—
i First prize, one hat, John Porcher, 1109 Mar
ket street; second iirize, one box cigars,
Charles Mattheas. 406 Sixth street.
The checKs received, at the gate entitle
the holders to admission to the social as
well as giving them a chance at the prizes.
The day was a great success, there being
but one unfortunate casualty. Harry
Logan, while running in one of the races,
was painfully, though not seriously, in
jured by some one sitting on the fence en
circling the course putting out his foot.
Logan was strucK in the lower part of the
abdomen and soon after the race a physi
i cian was summoned from San Rafael. It i
was thought that bis injury is not serious.
The following committees contributed
largely to the success of the day:
Games committee— H. M. Locke, Thomas J.
Tlerney, T. Manoney, W. J. Clasby, James
Hickey, Julius Biaemel, t. F. Koonan, J. J.
Larkey.
I Gate committee— L. A. Stevens, Fred Sink,
I James 11. Smith, C. J. Mclntosh, X. K. Mullery,
| Benjamin F. WiginV.on, K. M. Koche. Robert
I Donovan. J. H. Maher, Thomas Nixon, J. F.
1 Murray, H. M. Locke. J. H. Vollmer.
EASY FOR STOCKTON.
I Second Came of the California
League Championship
Series.
A large crowd was in attendance at Six
teenth and Folsom streets yesterday to see
the Stocktons down the locals.
The Slough City men are a fast team and
I found no difficulty in winning the game.
[ Cooney proved an easy mark for the vis
i itors, they making a total of fifteen hits.
The San Franciscos were outplayed from
j start to finish.
Following is the summary of the game:
SUMMARY.
Stocktons. A.B. B. ISTB. S.B. P.O. a. K.
! White, c. f 4 12 13 0:0
Lockbead, s. s 4 2 0 0 4-21
Pace, c... 6 2 2 1 11 0 %
Baumel, I. f 4 0 2 12 10
Ualz, p 4 1 2 0000
Stewart, 1 b 4 2 2 O 4 0 1
I smith, 2b. 3 2 1 1 1 1.0
i Wollers, 3b........ 4 2 1 2 2 1 3
I Gosby, r. f 4 0 110 0 0
Total 3tt 12 14 7 27 5 7
Ban Kkanciscob. a.b. r-Istb.b.b. f.o. a. c.
Rber, 0.1 5 1 3 1 o 1 o
I Krug. s. s 5 10 17 4 0
!K. Smith, 2 b 5 0 0 1 1 3 0
J. Sweeney, 3 b.... 5 0 2 1 2 4 1
! lbt-rg. r. f 6 O 2 O O O 0
Murphy, L f 4 0 0 1 3 O 0
Bwett, 1 b 3 0 0 U 5 1 1
Veters, c 4 1 1 0 6 '2 0
Cooney. p 3 10 0 12 1
Total 39 4 8 6 24 17 3
SCOBE BY INK INGS:
Stocktons 2 4 2 0 0 0 4 0 •— l2
San KraDclscos O 0001030 0— 4
harried runs — Stocktons 2. San Kranciscos 1.
Two-baae hits — Eber, Hweeney, tiosby. Base on
bulls— uff ualz 2, off Cooney h. Double plays —
1 ooney  aweeney, Cooney to Peters, Baumei to
LockheacJ. Passed balls— Peters 4. Wild pitch—
Cooney 1. Struck out— By Bale 8, by Cooney 4.
Umpire Donahue.
To-Day » Came.
Following are the makeups of the teams
that will play at Presidio Athletic Park
this afternoon :
Tmfkbials. Positions. Pacifies.
Green Catcner Hammond
Kelly Pitcher.- McCarty
I Bliss First base Wiius
i Creamer Second base P.eckett
I N'e.ilon Tnird base Edwards
Barneit Hboriatop Mooahan
Horr Left field. iluller
Crowley Center field Btrei
Long Klght field HcDermou
This morning at 10 o'clock the "Calls"
will play the "Examiners 1 ' at Presidio
Park.
Arrived From Panama.
The Pacific Mail steamship Colon, Captain
' McKinnon, arrived last evening, twenty-one
days from I'anama via way ports. The follow
ing are the cabin passengers : John I). Mund
wyler, Leonard Bettman, John G. Earl and
brother, M. D. Smith. Ernest Bachman and
wife, George J. Campbell Jr.. Alex Davis,
Duke T. Baxter. Alfred Baldwin, Henry Ag
new, G. Burbano and wife, Justo Gavanti, JoFe
Arguita, Rivas Martinez and sister. Luis
Uiutia, Hirtm Phamp, George A rro jo, George
A vila, L. Francia. Arthur P. Herbert, Percy
Rochester, Mrs. Mary McKinley. Henry Gutto,
William Russell, Charles Fwav and family,
Mrs. Xellie Leslie and family. There were
thirty-four whites in the steerage, also thirty
Chinese en route to Hongkon*. The vessel
anchored off Powell-street wharf and will go
I to her dock this morning.
• — •— .
When suddenly frightened lizards will
often drop their tails and scurry away.
The discarded member bouncing up and
down attracts the attention of the enemy
and enables an escape to be effected.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
i A Place Where the Invalid Can Surely j
Regain Health— AVhere the Tourist
May ltegale Himself Upon ■
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery,
1 Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find j
Kest, Refreshment and Kelaxation.
A Mecca for the Animal Seeker After
• Repose and Recuperation.
A Rural Retreat, Where the Adjacent
Hills Are Clothed in <>arments
of Matchless Glory,
Where the Ogre Malaria Never I.lft » His [
Ohaßtly Head and Where the Waters
of Healing Pour .Freely From
Nature's Own Fountain.
TAKE 8:15 A. M. OR 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
Third and Townsend streets, 3% hoars from
ban Francisco. Fare, $7 15 for round trip.
Iff Stage connects with train from Third and
Towusend streets.
ROOP & SON, Proprietors.
WHEN ITI^IAH
VISITINQ UIVIArI
STOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
W. H. FOKSK Si SONS, PROPRIETORS.
I rnHIHISTHE NEWEST, LARGEST AND REST
1 hotel in Ukiah, and it is headquarters for
tourists.
Stages to all resorts and other places arrive at
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from
all trains. Baggage transferred free of charge.
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
j Tucaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, Hariri Co.. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS; DE-
lightful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
! croquet and lawn tennis: line trout fishing, bath-
Ing arid swimming; splendid drives to Hear Val- 1
ley: postofllce, express, telegraph and livery at i
both hotels: terms $8 and $Vi per week.
VICTOK W. KRAUSS, Manager.
j JOs. F. JJEKT RAND, Proprietor.
! City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays. 2t04 p. it.
PLANTATII HOUSE.
18 niles from Cazadero, on Stage Line.
GOOD .TROUT FISHING. PLENTY FRUIT,
cream and milk: free conveyance for parties of
i two or more; grand rnlwood scenery. Address ■
j JOSEPH l.l" I I'II INME It. Seavlow, Sonoma Co.,
or apply KRUBE <fc CO., 207, Front St., San Fran-
cisco, for particulars. / , - '
ASTAftf SPPIYf MIVPPIII WITI7D
ASTORG Mhi MLi bit \h 11 Lit .
rpHE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTn:
1 cures most any disease of long standing: cured
hundreds; recommended ■by thousands In four
months In this city: no agents. A. ASTOKU, 108
Fifth St.. sole proprietor; Olenbrook Hotel, Lako
County, oue-quai tor mile from spring, has privilege
of the water. .........
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER^
OUMMER BOARD IN BAN JOSE: PLEASANT
O rooms; large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad *
drefs 1". O. box 23tS. • ; - r.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
HAPPENINGS IN
THE CHURCHES,
William Marston Bours to
Be Ordained at San
Mateo.
RE V. W. FERRIER RESIGNS
Congregalionalists at Redwood
Pass Resolutions of
Regret.
A JUBILEE PASTOR HONORED.
San Jose Is to Have a Sabbath Con
vention This Week Lasting
Three Days.
At St. Matthew's Episcopal Church, San
Mateo, on Wednesday morning at 10
o'clock, Rev. William Marston Bours of
Stockton will be admitted to tho order of
the priesthood by Bishop Nichols, assisted
by the Episcopal clergy of the diocese.
The Rev. J. R. De Woife Cowie will preach
the sermon. The San Francisco clergy will
take the 8:15 a. m. train at Thud and
Townsend streets.
The quarterly meeting of the Bay Asso
ciation for Juiy lo is postponed till further
notice.
Rev. W. W. Ferrier has resigned the pas
torate of the Congregational church at Pa
cific Grove. He will not leave the church
until September, however.
Rev. L. D. Rathbone, pastor of the First
Congregational Church at Redwood, has
received a call to the First Church of
Santa Rosa, which he has accepted. When
his resignation was tendered to his flock at
Redwood, re?olutions expressing regret at
his coming departure were unanimously
adopted.
The council for the ordination and "rec
ognition" of Alfred Bailey, which assem
bled in the Eden Congregational Church,
Haywarda, found the examination of the
candidate satisfactory. Ths council con
sisted of sixteen pastors and delegates, as
well as Professors George Mooar, F. H.
Foster, Revs. John Kimball, G. T. McCol
lum, Mrs. C. W. Farnam, Mrs. E. M.
Wetherbee.
Rpv. S. M. Adsit, who has labored for
four and a half years as Presbyterian pas
tor at Eureka, has been compelled to re
sign on account of his wife's health. His
resignation is to take effect about the mid
dle of August.
A Sabbath convention of three days will
open in San Jose on Friday, July 10. It
will continue over Sunday.
Miss Brown, a deaconess, has been sent
to Spokane from Chicago to have charge
of the Deaconess' Home in that city. She
was given a reception at the First M. E.
church on her arrival.
Rev. I. C. Fletcher, a Presbyterian pastor
of Los Angeles, who graduated at Brown
University fifty years ago, has had the de
gree df LL.D. conferred upon him by his
aima mater ss a jubilee honor.
GAMES AT THE PRESIDIO.
Mogt of the Soldiers Have a Day Off
and ■ Many Watch Japanese
Athletes Perform. •
All the soldiers out at the l'resiaio ex
cept those actually required on guard and
other duties en joyed holiday yesterday.
The only thing unusual besides the firing
I of the National salute of forty-five guns at
noon were the Japanese games at 2 o'clock,
in which trained Japanese athletes took
part in fencing, wrestling, high jumping,
blindfolded race, tug-of-.war, a pig chase,
SASTA CATALiSA ISLASD.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
ZAHN'S telegraph pigeon service dally, con- '
necting the island with the wires of the world.
TTNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
U coast excursions, tally-ho staging, wild goat
hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel I
Metropoie now open. Island Villa in July.
For full information, Illustrated pamphlets and I
rates, apply to -
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222 South Spring St.. Los Angeles, CaL
LAKE TAHOE.
McKINNEY'S.
Most. Sheltered Spot on the Lake.
A ND POPULAR FAMILY RESORT; LARGE
-i v new hotel, just completed; Iron and magnesia
springs; large dancing-hall and parlors: hot baths.
Free Boats and Free Fishing Tackle.
* No rattlesnakes, no poison oak: table excellent;
dairy connected with hotel. Terms, $10 to fl2
per week. Round trip tickets to Tahoo City, $1«.
MURPHY BROS., Proprietors.
ni7 I fl fl 11 iiot SPKlNOS.Sonomi* I
V If AI• I ' V bounty, only 41 ' 2 hours from '
\ A ITiT San Francisco; but » miles
II IV fill II 11 ■ ib ßi new road through
****** vi vi canyon; Dew stages; sanitary
plumbine: natural temperature of.wiwxer 130° Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no logs or disa-
greeable winds; mosquito* and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:80
a. M. or 8:30 f. m. Round-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, dally mall and express,
Rates $1:2 a week; baths free.
J. F. MULGTiKW, Proprietor. .'
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
: ST. HELENA, CAL.
PECREATION, REST AND HOME FOR IN-
IX vallds, consisting of large - main building, cot-
tage* and tents on mountainside overlooking N'apa 1
Valley. . Steam beat, elevator, call bells and night- !
watch service. Massnge, electricity, ■ medicated |
and steam baths are among the remedial . agents. I
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moun 1
tain walks are among the 'amusements.' :'i:re :
water, air and a beautiful climate. • Accommoda-
tions first claw. Rates reasonable. Send for circular.
TAMALPAIS VILLA.
T3OSS VALLEY, NEAK SAN RAFAEL; COT-
IV tages and tents, with or without board; danc-
ing pavilion: salt water bathing. - .
... ■ . MRS. PKTKR SMITH, Manager.
HAZEL^GLEN.
GOOD PLAIN ■BO A IN PRIVATE FAM-
\J ily five miles from Cioverdale: rates moderate.
Inquire of MRS. T. MOLLER, Cloverdale, or P.
J. HEALY, 203 Powell eu ~ ■ .-.-■• ■. ■■.-■- ,-.-.
a chicken chase, a frog game and an ob
struction race.
Quite a number of the Presidio men
watched the games and sei'raed especially
interested in the broadsword contest and
the vaulting. Besides the Japanese
visitors a number of patriotic small hoys
came to the grounds'to shoot off their
flrecrackeis,,so Captain Hills, the otlicer of
the day, was kept busy riding around
looking out for tires.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J C McClnre, Log Ang . A 1* Marr, Arizona
L. IT Grant, Salinas W II Miner <fe wf, Chgo ,
J De Krtiyn. Detroit E F Bur*, Davis
Miss it Ketzerow, Davis Mrs Men arrow, S Cruz
O Turner, £acio i' X Wright, SactO L
E H Force, San Rafael .1 X (illicit. Eureka'
J 11 Mailer. Santa Rosa L T Cavallaro, San Jose
J Kss, California ' 0 11 Prince, Benicla
F M West & wf, Stktn F A Dlxon & wf , S Jose
J T Johnston <few, Oakld M's Sherman & f.Benlcia
W It Lameroux <t wf, - J F Larken. s Clara
Ft Dodge J W King. Los Ang
R M Lumley, Portervl L Soloman, Froano
li T Rives, Inyo Co ' A G Kiscu, Fresno
Dr Duncan & wf. Hanfd G A A shley <fe wf, Or
1' Deacon &w, Oakland 11 swain, Oakland
W spencer, Oakland W.K Clement <fe w, Idaho
M Carter, lrvlngton L J Le Minx, I ortland
J I ) Derr Aw, Stockton J H Tillingmst <t w. stkn
F Frola &w, Stockton H Adams &w, Portland j '
A T Ormsby and w, Dnvr 1 E Baker, Battle 'Alt
0 F Kllllet, Tulare J Kusseil, San Jose
G Vasser, Lay tonvllle D Yasser, Lay tonville
Dr L Maddock, Stockton (i E Wolfrom <t r, MS Jose i
Mrs A Callahan, S Jose Miss B Callahan, Sn Jose I
A U Ferguson, Fresno J v Denham, Sacramnto
Miss Clanton, Woodland Mrs Slater, Woodland '
E E BiK«s. Grldley E M. Nuckolls, Ukiah
C F Vail, Fresno L L Green, Oroville
J Z Todd, Tacoma Mrs J L Tacoma
J M Stevens, Fresno . Vi II Wood &w. Wash I
Mrs A L Morgan, S Jose T A Edwards, Sacto
J E Eagleson, Eureka - Miss M E saruent, Cal
J B Keller, Chicago Mrs X F Parks, Cal
T a Pudan, Sacto W Roberts & f, S Jose
J R Miller, Santa Rosa ' T arris, Merced ■
J Moore &f, San Jose Q Perrain Af, San Jose
J H Andrews, Sacto E B Osier, Sacramento :
N A Plaucell, San Jose
RUSS v HOUSE.
R M Carter, Salinas F H Wauenblast, Oregon
GHEveland&wf.Foisom J I) Martin, Woodland
SM. Mott, Woodland M R Gibson, San Jose :
Jll Fraser, California H Greer, Sacramento
J Harris, Fair Oaks J O Miller, Merced
T V Corcoran, Vallejo J C Sexton, Pleasanton
Tll Slack, Charleston X Darling, Chicago
S A Randall, ban Diego F A Wise, Los Angeles '
II C Merrill. Colorado SII Shelley, San Jose
M. It Rogers, Australia X Davis, Australia
P O Jordan. Australia O W Kenyon, St Helena ' •
J II Neil, Porter Valley G H Busch, I oner Vully
LW Norton, Uealdsburg G Wood, Visalia
P H 1111, Eureka Mrs Zimmerman, Cal '
Miss J Bums, I'.et'.o B A Newman, Sierra '■
C R Fuller, Chicago E Hutcberson. BO :
L S Ardell &w, Sarto Ull Itemmenway, Sacto <
MrsC Johnson, Madera W E Galleger, Denver
Miss E Morrison, (al Miss J Morrison, Cal
Cpi Merrill, Berkeley "J C Jenkins & (am N Z
U W Dodge, Mo Mrs A E Clark, feacto
11 C Sargent, Stockton Jls Sumner, Cal '
31 (1 Wright, HoMster C O Wheeler *w, Ala
X W iviiiatn, Sacto A Kerr, sacto '
W D Llddy, Santa Maria C II Ellison. Tracy •
E Maoey, B C Miss Mullen, Wash
H Clark, SaDger C Chnstofierson, Cal
II ChrlsloCerson, Cal
LICK HOUSE..
W H Dunphy &w, Cal Master C Dnnphy, Cal
Master It Dunphy, Cal W H McMlnn, Jan Jose
L Wormser. Kingsburg A M McDonalu, Sonora
Frank staples Hanford W DTrelcbett, Hanford
S X Uaeinn, Chicago W II Wood &. W.San Jose
S P McCollocb, San Jose John Taverner, sac • '
J Nichols, Ireland Mrs J Nichols. Ireland
WH Haiton, Modesto WGBrownJtw LrsADC 1
ii W Ashley, Redding M O Rhodes, San Jose
Silas Carle, sac 11 P Stabler, V üba City
E L Smith, Merced J Jacobus, St Louis-
KTM Kcxert, Alameda J A ISuckly. San Pedro
II Trulson A w, Ml View J F. Frick, Berkeley
II H Wilson. Cal .1 H Bruner & w.Cedrvlle
T A Moncure.Bakersfleld W E Jackson. Portland
W Westbay<fcw,stocktnMlss L M West bay Stock
Mrs L M Wesibay.StocknG X smith i w, Biggs
J Wilbur. San Jose B D Cnner, Madera
Harold silver. Pike City H V Morebonse,s nJose
0 Litchneld, Healdsburg T Lltchtield, >el>astopol
PJI Daw son, Cal ■ JII Perkins, Michigan
J Green, Mississippi C M Watrous, Michigan
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J G Ober, Soledad W Bnngln, Soledad
wll Kppley. Chicago « While, >acto
T Evans, Sacto • F Veal, Alcatras ' !
Fde Van, Fort Canby , A Payne, sop? Island
I) FMi Ivory. Alcatraz R A Buletts, Foct Canby
J O'Connell, Conn r Johnson, Nopie
F G Gorman, Nopia M Arino, Alca raz
S O Comon, Bilk station s Hooper, Bilk station
A 3 Ryan. Bilk Station J C Miller, Modesto
T P Stanlforth, Po/tiaud W J Patterson, Portland
(i H Gilbert, Portland M s Powers <t w. Or
M Crane, Portland .1 M a shaw, USA
0 Wllke, sacto 11 a GUlmore, Haywarda
W J slogger & w, Cal A Anderson, Redding
L Nero man, Redding A M Derben. Keddln<r
J Jones, Redding F Henry A w, SP R it .
H Copi Gready E B Channel. Berkeley
8 11 Manning, Mare laid B Fechyen, Kodeg -
J Valimlnte <t w.Liucoln J W Hlslop. Lincoln
G liiali>i>, Lincoln - '
BALDWIN HOTEL.
X P Nelson. Chicago .. 'J-lf-.Carllsi* * if, Detroit •
D McGregor* w, Onio Mini! McGregor, Ohio
Miss B McGregor, Ohio G Cr-ju. UsN -• . ' ■
I J Voeypka, Vallejo J Henley & w, Portia na'
J LLarnbrith, Portland Miss I Waffle, Pcndleton
Miss M Rnmer. Pendltn Miss E Ritraer.Pendleton
J II Bowl, Si) T Schwarzenbuck, M V
A D Armstrong, Portlnd Mrs E S Jerome, Oaklnd
Miss [1 It Wht-eier. Ohio M Me William & w. Prtld
s W Vaii Hyckle, NY J Jonnson, San Jose
Mrs J Hall, Oakland
PALACE hotel.
■ F Haas, Stockton 1) Inveralty, Seattle
Geo II Lloyd, Chicago Mrs (i II Lloyd, Chicago '
Mrs 1; a lloward, S Jose FS II Premiss, Chicago '
1 lx>eb, Saa Jose 0 A Marriner. L Angeles
A Blutnensted, Si V Mrs 31arnuer, L Angeles
W B Maadocic. Cheshire Mrs Leach, Fresno
C DlHmaii, Milwaukee J B PeaKea, Stockton
<'■ C Miller, N" V W X Dunn. Los Angeles
C 1. Weber, st Louis Wm Lacy Jr, L Angeles
W 11 Allderice, D S N •;>:., *.
FUN :
IN A '
TANK.
Sport and health both swlmmln&r
In the bi« tank (30x75 feet) filled
with naturally warm mineral water
/ETNA SPRINGS
* Take 7 o'clock Southern Pacific train for St.
Helena. Htage meets you there at 10 a.m. Un-
limited round-trip tickets, 17. Rates, it) to $14 a
week. Hotel, clubhouse, recreation or all kinds.
For further Information call at 318 Battery st.,
San Francisco or address W. 1,. MITCHELL,
manager. Lldell P. 0..' Nairn County. Cal.' ... ,\
BOCAHOTEL
Eocn, Oal,
headquarters for fishermen AND I
their families Excellent table and newly-
It ed rooms. Daily stage leaves hotel for LAKE
INDEPENDENCE, the "Queen vi Mountain
Lakes.' For Information address
JAS.McPOyAIiD, Boca, Cal.
. ,^?% " CAPITOLA.
SSS™^ GEMjR^SORT.
Kiifrliiiiii'iißJlWß q -l l il«"* Kant :of
P^iTrp'iftfJtfojsW Santa Cruz.
tj»a«itaß«vxi'« Jk^ 1 lotel at water's ed ge : |
n Tiiinn "iTJTi~T I i ; ittr' : lornlshed and partly
t-t'l furnish 1 cottages: free |
-*~> ySifi camp ground; salmon
! - ■ ■'■ fH;<| and trout fish Ing. •
**~" F. RF.ANIKR. Sopt,
Capltola, CaL
¥OUi?TA]N HOMeT
The l(«Goeiilz«a Familr Summer Resort
in the Santa Cruz Mountain*. -
• Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
ing. New dnnclng pavilion. Deer park. - Table
excellent. -Climate unsurpassed. send for souve-
nir, stage at Mad rone . every Monday. Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with ■
train leaving the City at 8:16 a. m. .'««aa*i>*Mß
VIC I'OXCKLKT, Llagas. Cal.
GO TO DUSCAS SPRL\GS,
rpWOMILE^FROM HOPLAND, MISNDOCINO
.-L Comity, for your health and pleasure. The best '
medicinal mineral waters in the State. Fine elec- j
trie and 'mineral baths: new modern hotel; '250
feet above the valley; • fine view. Furnished cot-
tages to rent. Plenty of- amusements.- Free bus'
to 7:80 train from San Francisco, and other trains
when not Hied. Terms. *10 per week.- '
O. HO WELL," President.
"Telephone at Fostofllce.
SARATOGA SPRINGS;
JAKi: ' CO.— MOST BEAUTIFUL • BUMMER
■i resort In State; » different springs: good fish-
ing and hunting; accommodations first-claw: rates
$10 per week and upward: table unexcelled: hard-
finished rooms and cottages. J. ilAiiTi-N.ES, Bach- 1
elor P. 0., Lake Co., Cal. • ... ■
WOK BY THE GRAY GHOST
Waldo J Drew the Po'e Position
and Downed W. Wood
With Ease.
A BIG CROWD SAW THE SPORT
The Palo Alto Entry, Helena, Took
the 2:19 Trot— Mr. Schrsder's
Cigar and the Butchers' Race.
The closing day of the race meeting held
at Ingledide track by the Pacific Coast
Trottine-horse Breeders' Association was
attended by over 3000 people, notwith
standing the many counter attractions the
glorious Fourth offered. The fair sex was
well represented and tne male portion of
the crowd was there with their betting
clothes on.
The butchers' race drew a goodly num
ber of the knights of the blocfc and
cleaver, and they snapped up pools as
eagerly as an Indian does red lemonade
at a circus. The same old raw wind blew
in from the sea and considerable scoring
was necessary to properly warm the horses
up.
An unusual occurrence was the fact
that in all four of the events decided the
winning horse won in straight heats.
The big attraction of the day was the
match race between the two crack side
wheelers, W. Wood, 2:07, and Waldo J.,
2 08, the gray ghost from Santa Paula.
Everybody looked forward to a stubborn
contest and the outcome was a disappoint
ment. Iv the auction pooling Waldo J
sold for $'JO, with the bay gelding bringing
$14. Waldo drew the pole with his com
petitor further out in the cuppy going.
Tnis is not to the latter's liking, and the
gray ghos*. leading throughout, won the
heat as he pleased in 2:15.
The betting now lagged ; the favorite
bringing $20 against $5 lor the Oakwood
I'ark Stock Farm's representative. T..e
second and deciding heat was a repe
tition of the one preceding, Waldo jogging
under the wire eased up in 2:17^.
Helena, a handsome bay daughter of
the dead Electioneer, entered by Palo
Alto stock farm, was the first winner of
the day, placing the 2:19 irot to her credit
in straight beats. The betting on this
event was extremely lively, fn the first
pools sold the field wa^favorite at $10,
with Nutwood Wilkes bringing $8 and
Helena $7. They shiited before the Horses
were called out. Helena selling for $10,
Nutwood Wilkes $10 and the field $0. The
Wilkes horse drew the pole, but after
turning into the backstretch Helena out
trotted him and took the inside position.
Dustin rated bis mare nicely and passed
tne wire a lenztb to the good in 2:lBJ^.
with Wilkes a dozen lengths in advance of
Mamie Griffin.
For the second heat pools' sold: Helena
|20, Nutwood Wilkes $12 and the field $7.
Tins was a well contested heat, for after j
leading from the word "go" Nutwood i
Wilkes came witn a fine showing of speed, !
and the Palo Alto mare won oy but three
parts of a length in 2:18^. Helena now 1
sold for $20 against $6 lor the entire field.
When McNair sent tliem away for this
heat the favorite appeared a trifle uncer
taiu. and just after turning into the back- !
stretch went to a break. At the half
Wilkes was leading her by two lengths,
but at the three-furlong pole Dustin drove
his mare around the stallion and again
had the pole, turning into the stretch for i
home.
The previous hard heat had evidently i
told on the <^>lt, for Helena passed the i
judges eased up three lengths before :
bim in 2:lßs£ The second quarter of this I
heat was paced at a 2:09 gait, and this fact I
probably did not help the chances of the
son of Guy Wilkes.
The 2:3> pace, witn a field of four start
ers, was decided under the new innova
tion of making e/Uh heat a race. The
books held Gladva W a 4 to 5 chance for
the lir>t heat, ami the wise peopie after
ward wondered where the tip came from. |
She broke repeatedly and was distanced. \
Adele, the second choice at 3 to 2, captured :
the heat easily in 2:20^, after shaking j
Sindwood off a furlong from the wire. I
Adele was now a hot 3 to 5 chance for the j
'/—^%^\ The Beautlfu!
fi^^fe^ HOTEL
Wißm- VEKDOME
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more Inviting 1
than now. Newly painted inside and out- InttM !
center of Its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for Its |
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments. It Is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity.
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA ■ COUNTY.
AN IDRAL TLACK FOR HEALTH. REST
AND I'LKASURE: no staging; V«-mile from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs In tho
United States and tho celebrated Lytton Geyser
soda ' • Wonderful curative properties.
Table first-class. Send for circulars.
"cilATElSjlfl TREES.
The Hotel Situated- r.ijflit Among the
' Sequoias is. .Now Open.'
HERE IS FOUND THE FINEST OF FISH- |
lng. Postoffice and Telephone office.
J.L. SPERRY, Manager.
• THOMAS COOK & SON. 621 Market street.
8. F., Agents. - • ■
CISCO/
MOUNTAIN SUMM Kit REPORT: 182 MILES
from san Francisco, via <'. IV R. R.; air and
water cannot be excelled; particulars and rates on
application. HKRSE\ «t . FREEMAN, Pro-
prietors, Cisco,- Placer County, Cal. .
ALMOST HOTEL, HOWARDS STATION
Occidental,: Sonoma County.
ON THE N. P. C. K. X., IS NOW THOR-
oughly- renovated; good board; clean, sunny
rooms. Terms $0 to $8 per week. Special rates
to families.'. Climate perfect. -
■ ■•■*. DAVID ROBINSON, Proprietor.
I HAVE BEEN TO A. B. HcnATH'S ,
TT UNTING, FISHING. ' BATHING AND
JLL camping out, witn the boys, and never had
such a good time before In. my life. Completely
forgot I was ever anything but a boy, and feel like
going Into business again. I tell you that is the
place to bo to have a real good time and complete
change." For particulars address A. B. McMATH,
Hull ville, Cal. ■■„■,...- . . ■■
URIAH STABLES A!Si> STAGE (WAXY,
\\f H. MILLER, PROPRIETOR. GOODTURX-
: '»; . out* {or commercial men, tourist and tishing
parties a specialty.' State street, adjoining Palace
Hotel, Ukiah, Cal. > Vichy Springs stage meets - all
trains.'- Dally I stage for Blue Lakes, Laurel Deli,
Saratoga Springs and Upper Lake. 1
next heat, ond, going without a skip,
passed the stand an easy winner in 2:25}£,
with Sindwood again finishing second.
The third npat also went to the daughter
of Dextrr Prince. Alto Geno, another
Dexter Prince horse, finished second in
this heat. "The driver of Sindwood took
matters just a trifle too easy and was
nipped out the last few yarJs by Gladys
W for third money.
The butchers' race demonstrated tho
fact that there are "good things" in all
lines of business. There were five entries,
and the betting was of the hottest sort.
Mr. Judge's horse Captain Harm sold fa
vorite at $30, with the field going like hot
cakes at $15 and Mr. Foss'Poio in strong
demand at $10. If the other gentlemen in
the race did not know that Mr. Judge
had something up his sleeve, they must
have been aware of it at the conclusion of
the first heat. Captain Harri-; did nothing
but make his field look like Government
mules, although in justice to Polo, who,
although outclassed, it must be said made
an excellent showing. The Captain plaped
the neat to his credit without a skip in
The markets were now very dull, there
apparently being a sort of "up against it"
feeling on the part of the partisans of
Polo and the field. When the five starters
for the second heat came out Mr. Schraaer
up behind General, a chestnut horse who
exhibited spesd in spots, appeared smok
ing a "Perfecto" of very rich color. Now,
this is one of the things Mr. McNair de
murs to and he informed Mr. Schrader
that the weed could be dispensed with.
The butch-r said, "Well, I guess I
will smoke it," but when the man from
Wichita informed him as he was driving
away that it would cost him $10 if he did,
there was a jerky movement to the sulky
and with a wistful, lingering look at the
wrapper JJlr. Scbrader and his "Perfecto"
ceased to be comrades. Tae heat was
then trotted and Captain Harris finished
first with Polo second again, Time, 2:37.
Trotting, 2:19 class; purse $1000, 3 in 6.
Helena, b. m., by Electioneer (Dustin) 11l
Nutwood Wilkes, en. s., by" Guy Wilkes
(Cecil) 2 22
Mamie Griffin, bIK. m., by Blackbird (Sulli
van) 3 3 4
Charivari, b. m., by f-'ttrlin^ (Laffeny) 4 4 3
Los Angeles, Dr. g., by \\ ood.art (Jiaben).. 5 6 5
Gilpatrick, b. s., by Jiinio O'.odrleuez) 6 6 6
Time, 2:188,4— 11:1814—2:18^.
Pacing, 2:35 class; purs> $450, 3 heats.
Adele, b. m., by Dexter Prince (Sanders).... 111
SlndwooJ. blk. 8 , by Silkwood (Uodges).... 2 2 4
Altoueno, eh. 3., by Dexter Prince (Pie
- rano) 3 3 2
Gladys W, s. m., by Westmom (Hackney)., d.d. 3
Time, 2:201/4-^:251^-2:28.
1 Special match, two in three, $1000 each, $300
added.
Waldo J, gr. g., by Bob Masou (Mick) 1 1
W. Wood, b. g.. by Steinwav (Cheboya) 2 2
Time, 2:15-2:173/ i.
Butchers' race, two In three, purse *300.
Captain Harris (Judge) 1 1
Polo (Koss) 2 2
Hilver Button (Hall) 3 3
Dancty (Johnson) 5 4
General (Schrader) 45
Time, 2:34V*-»:37.
THE HANDBALL OCURTS.
Several Interesting and Closely Con
tested Games Played.
Notwithstanding the connter attractions
yesterday the handball courts were
crowded during the afternoon and several
closely contested games were played.
Following is the list :
San Francisco court — W. Stansbury and J.
Collins defeated R. Murphy and M. Edwards,
21—17, 18-21, 21—20. M. McNeil and D.
Kodgers defeated G. McDonald and W. Man
ning, 21—15, 18—21, J. McEvely and
j P. Kelly defeated D. Connolly and T. Ryan,
I 21—14, 16-21, 21—17. J. K. Slattery ani P.
I Ilutchinson defeated J. Harlow, 21— 16, 21— 20,
i 21—19. G. Hutchinson and J. Slattery de
feated P. Hutchinson and M. Dillon, 21—15,
I 17—21. 21—19. T. Ryan and H. Mahan de
feated W. Hamilton and J. Daly, 21—13. 15—21,
21—17.
Union Court— L. Kenny and Al Collins de
feated J. Nelson and J. Williams, 19—21, 21—
j 18, 21—17. W. Heffernan and C. Doran de
teated R. Lester and Jeff Driscoll, 21—18, 21 —
20. Tim Kegan and W. Doran defeated R.
l J attersuii and J. Keith, 21—11, 19—21, 21—17.
H. Batzner and H. MtKenna defeated VV.
: hillings and J. Kearny,2l— l9, 17—21, 21—11.
John Kelly and C. Smith defeated George
! Riley and J. McShane, '^l— 2o. 21—18. J. J.
! Feeuey and Terry McMiinuH defeated R. Leni
| han and J. Keison, 21—16, 19—21, 21—14, 18—
I 21, 21—20.
Vandals at Work.
On several occasions yesterday gangs of
young hoodlums, and some old ones of the
same breed, started out for fun, as they called
it.' Their sport consisted mainly in tearing
down the decorations along the streets. A
number of decorations on stores and houses
were ripped from the fastenings, and It was
very difficult for the police to catch any of the
vandals in their work. Howevr, a number
were caught in the act of tearing down the
lanterns put up by the Fourth 01" July decora
tion committee. They were charged with ma
licious mischief. The fellows gave the names
of Joseph Iffa, Gladstone Harris, Silvio Vig
nanego and M. Mitchell.
nan ■ i #\ *f% hot *"«>'<■;<*. !
P A P A I \ I I ?v° "a! -T^
■ - - - health, resfc,plfeas-
ore, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower !
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge {
baths, hot sulphur tub and swlmminsr tanks, mas-
sage .treatment, hunting and fishing, children's 1
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
Paraiso stands unsurpassed In the Mate, Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a. m.
dally, for Holedad; Return-trip ticket, *8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postomce. For '
Illustrated pamphlets and special inducements for :
1896, address U. ROBERTSON. Manager. -. • , j
MARK WEST SPRIGS,
The Gem of Sonoma County. .'-*
Nine miles from Santa Rosa.
T\riTHITS BEAUTIFUL GRAPEVINE AR-
» » bor; the place where you feel at home. -Table
first cms*. Croquet, Billiards, Shuffle-board,
Swings, Swimming-pool, Dancing Pavilion, Fish-
Ing and Hunting. 1 Terms, $10 and $12 per week.
t>i.eci»l rates for clubs and large . families. Round
trip, $3 73. Baths free to guests: -- :
FRESE & JUERGENSEN.
HOWARD P . springs.
nvWAKU p. o. putah,
r,AKK COUNTY.
pHAXGED HANDS— RENOVATED AND IM-
\J proved. Accommodations— Table and service
strictly first class: rales $10. *12: special terms
lor families; postodice and telephone on premises;
rouud trip $10: tickets at -*. P. Co.'s offices: corre-
si-ontli-rice invited. Address PROF. JULES
11EUGEN, Manager. ' ■ .- -
HOTEL EASTLAND,
-Mill Valley, Marln County, 7
NOW OPEN. A BEAUTIFUL BUMMER RE-
J-* sort. MRS. J. J. CULLEN, Prop.
WALLS SPRINGS.
HOTEL AND CABINS IN THE REDWOODS
near the Russian River. Terms very reason-
able. ' For panlculars address . ' .
JOHN TAYLOR, Manager.
Hilton Postofllce, Sonoma County. '
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BKSWICK. SISKIYOU COUNTY. CAL., A
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and
sulphur baths.'k^BSSSSJBS
EPSON BROS., Proprietors.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
IN THE HEART OK THE SANTA CRUZ
Mountains; hot and cold magnetic baths; hunt-
ing and fishing; cottages tor families; stage meets
morning train: terms $8 up. Address JOSEPH
LIM)SEY, Glenwood, Cal. ■■
TUSCAN SPRINGS. '
• ' Prices within the reach of all. Positive cure for
Rheumatism, Gout, >crofula, Diseases of Kidneys
and Bladder and all Urinary Diseases mau Is heir
to. For rates and fare apply to in »!■ tim^i wi 1 M
W. J. O'XKILL,, 133 Sixth St.
WHITE OAK FARM.
"\TEAR CLOVERDALK; PLENTY OF FRUIT.
J-1 .vegetables, melons, berries, milk, cream, ejrgs,
etc. : terms 9 7 per week. Address W. H. HI ATT,
Cioverdale, Cal.
HEW TODAY.
Vino-Kolafra
! Steadies the
Nerves
of worn-out women and over-
worked men. It is a wonderful
tonic and a non-intoxicating
stimulant, from which there
is no depression or reaction.
Builds up Invalids
The strengthening and nerve-
sustaining properties of Vino-
Kolafra have been shown by
such tests as those of the
French Army, the Loomis and
Flower hospitals, New York,
the athletes of Yale, Cornell,
Pennsylvania and other uni-
versities, the Superintendent
of the New York Postoffice,
various government depart- .
merits in Washington, and
thousands of physicians.
. Sold by druggists generally.
Brunswick Pharmaca! Co.
Johnson & Johnson, Selling Agents,
93 William St., New York. '
fVITALITYinMRNf
|<Osßsstiire(l|
V^fxip^rf^P-^ Failing: Sexual^^
gg\ ■ZfXhfn *\. ,->9:5- Strength iv Old or^^
W -?/TK&fc' l sr\s«*^xsL Young Men caa be^j?
• H/jy/F^^SiSi qvickly cured by meßlj
/ ''.'/€? F^^> x iX NENTLT cured by nieß
_ !*■&, • > W2»*r^iSs^C^ ? to a henlthy, vigorous ST
• V«i: jf'fcte?' to henlthy, vigorous^
v?i'iy»^ /^?\ state. BoSorers from^M
> /Sw^v\ Nervous
m^tf/v Debility 9
©nX &?If TO 7^ Weakness §
W^M/} VarJcocele g
ftJa \ ■'■'*! and all wasting diseases, M
<^C v Fi^.\iw should "rite to me for adrlee.^
• I have been a close v r'.^^[*^LViVi}l.y *^E*J
]2T student for many years LV*vsißVv^^"* ''j4a
the subject or weak- FjT»fV^pilS>£- "* £' \ ffa
In men, tho fact <t^, j^Sß^' w
JBSis, I vrnB 6uiTerer my- w -^\~— <£Z s T <<fsi
■■self. Too bashful to ■ '--tys. 91
TSTseek the aid of older Ml/k>* /jtu/i/n\
fitm Wt 2;v*\S'\
linvostif ;:t:J fw\'>^y /'<#/?/ lxl\
•the subject deeply and (>*A',l T JlKrv/n IUJn M^
dlncovered n simi.lo Vlf^Vir'ijtS^d'M/ ¥»
•but most remnrkably H^f'ii^. >Jm#<^ A
successful Remedy *3»r %^Mrv flm
•that completely cured fLtt .X-J^iA
me, and fully enlarged me jt^WfZ'/,'i / /mu / Y§^
from v Bhrunken, stunted «KMMW/S XflJ'
/f-koonaitlon to natural size V^TBtol/i^W 2
Btrenpth. lwuntevery [ ! /y\ \\ $»j
■Sr youn« or ohl nan to know I(a \\lf - JJT
•^^younif orolil raan to know /jr V I C^4
about it. 1 take apt rsonal Vlv \i f-.-a":
interest in Fnch cases, and It ['I XS*"
•noons need hesitate to hi Lf /]».
write me, asalicommuni- «^S> m\ 101
©cations are hold strictly " 2T
conudentiai. I send tha recipe of this remedy^!
©absolutely free of cost. Do not put it off, but^^
write me fully at once, you will always blee»it%
the day you did so. Addrcvs, Vy
-<9k THOMAS SLATER. Box 3383 >^
offamuu* bluuuni Celery, Kalaumoo, Blch.HH
NOTARY PUBLIC.
nHAELBS H. PHIIJJP3, ATTORNEY- AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 633 Market st* oppo-
- •lie Palace Hotel. Telephone 570t lu-ildenoa 1444
i'eUgu Telephone-. "Pias" 2591.
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
Under the Old Management.
ON ATJSTIX CREEK, 12* THE SONOMA
Redwoods, N. P. C. K. R.. via Sausallto ferry.
Train leaves at 1:45. Hotel Cnzadero rates. 10
to $14 per week; Klim Grove Hotel rates, $6 to $8
per week; tents, $3 to $5 per week, send tor cir-
cular.
O. F. BURNS, Proprietor.
. Cazadero, Cal.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
' ,1 VKK COUNTS'.
I)OPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
J- year round. Telephone connections. Ronnd-
trip tickets at southern PaciFc ollices, $10; special
conveyance dally. For inforn .atton address JOHN
BPAULDIXO, Helgler Springs, Lake County. CaL
pIVKRSIDJS RANCH— ON THE HANKS OF
,XX Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County, round trip, 89 75 from San Fran-
cisco; fishinir, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms, $7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendocino County. 1
HOTEL DXL MAR-OS THE SEASHORE; 20
ml no tea' ride from Santa Cruz; 'climate per-
fect ; table unexcelled; ■ surf bathing; sailing, row-
Ing, fishing: ■ meet all ' trains; children, $3
to $5 per week; adults. $9 per week:- special rates
to societies and families. Address MANAGER
HOTKL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cal., or room 2%
Maze building, 8. K. . ..'. . .. ... ....
HOTEL VICTORIA, SO NORA, ; CAL,, THB
gem of the . mountains, famed for Its equable
and salubrious climate; near nature's .• won-
derland ; altitude 1985 feet; the pleasure and
health seekers' paradise; the . accommodations of
the Hotel Victoria will be found of the highest
order; rates *10 to $15 per week. JOHN C. MOB-
RISO.N. lessee. _....--■■■
BLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open; many new Improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. ■ good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. 0., Lake Co. >Co not address Blue Lakes.
AT BELMONT. SAN MATEO COUNTY,
board for summer months; . private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms: 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BeImont.
BOARD ON A RANCH 2000 FEET ELEVA-
tIoa; good rooms and first-class .board; terms
$6 per week. Address Redwood Grove, Occidental,
Sonoma County.
HROOKSIDE FRUIT FARM; FINK SHADE;
i> plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
accommodations. Address Brookslde, Napa.
T ONG WOODS, IDEAL SUMMER REMORT;
JU send for illustrated pamphlet and terms. Ad-
dress Longwoods, Napa, Cat.— ■ ".j •
A NITA VILLA, WRIGHT!*, SANTA CRUZ
Mountains— Fine ' family resort. J. lI A Us-
TERS, proprietor. . " : :
VIYPRESS LAWN FRUIT FARM— GOOD TA-
\J ble: home comforts. T. H. EPL.EY. Napa, Cal.
.CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one /ear tor 91 60, post*
Ace free. ■ . _ ;, '- _ - f . --_.■.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL,"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Ca__
i'lO Market street, open until 12 0 clock ever)
Blent in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission slreeta, Opel
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
J^ntsT^mjßCH*7)h r CHBI ST , s'ciEN-
Ba? list— Services at 11 a. m. in Beethoven Hall,
386 Post Bt., cor. Powell. Christian science Bible
Lfssons, International Series. Subject: " Progress
Toward the True Kingdom. ' •• Science and
Health" study Thursday, at 8 p. m., In Golden
West Hail, Red Men's building, 320 Post street.
All are welcome. —
■P_-_sp CALVARY PRESBYTERIANCHURCH,
If^ corner of Powell and Geary sts.— Rev. John
Uemphlll, D.D.. pastor. Pastor Birch, Ph.D.. will
preach 111 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Topic morning,
'•The Hock on Which the True Church is Built";
evening topic. "Adorning the Sacred Flag. ' Morn-
Ing music: "Te Deum" (B minor). Dudley Buck:
offertory, n:to solo, "I heard the Voice of Jesus
Say" (Perry), Miss Jeannette wiicox. Eveninr
service : A -them, "Send Out Tbv Light" (Gounod) :
Offertory "From the Depths of My Contrition."
bust solo iCompairua), Walter C Campbell. All
are made welcome. ■
IKS' FIRST baptist CHCRCH, EDDY ST.,
a£<E' near Jones— R«-v. M. P. Boynton, pas-
tor, Services Sunday. July 6, 1896. Preaching
at 11 a. M. by the pastor; subject, "A Day of Tri-
umph." and 'at 7 -.30 p. m., topic. "Zlon's Declaration
of Independence." Sunday-school at 12:30 P.M.
V. P. B. of C. K. at 6:30 p. M. Praver-meetlng on
Wednesday evening at 7:46 o'clock. All these
services are open to the public. Strangers are wel-
come.
IKS' FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH, COR-
fS^G' ncr Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Horatio
t'tebblns, D.D., minister; Rev. William Eliot Jr..
associate. All services on July 5 will be omitted.
BK3?- REV. CHARLES O. BROWN. D.D..WILL
ti~x> preach in Golden Gate (main) nail, 625 Sut-
ter at., at 11 a. M. anil 7:45 r. M. : theme, "George
WashirJ-rion and American Independence." Sun-
Sunday-school at Ip. M. Y. P. S. C. K. at 6:30
p. M. (upper hall). Mrs. Dr. Guild's Bible class
In the left parlor. A choral choir under the direc-
tion of Mr. James Hamilton Howe. All are cordi-
ally invited, especially strangers.
■_35» THKI (SOPH HAL SOCIETY — FREE
ft~-^ public lectuie every Sunday evening at 320
Post st.. 7:45 o'clock. To-night, "The Ttieosophi-
cal Crusade and the Mahatma," by Abbott Clark.
■frUS 5 - THE THEOSOPH ICAL SOCIETY —
B^» Free public lecture every Sunday even! gat
8 o'clock 111 Portal* Hall. Native sons' building.
To-nißht Miss Marie A. Walsh will lecture on Pro-
1. -s .ll Lloyd's book, "Eiidorpha; or, The End of
r:h" All are welcome.
ff^» DIVINE SCIENCE SERVICES AT
»-~» Home College. 3360 seventeenth St., bet.
Valencia and Mission, at 2:30 p. m.; discourse by
M. K. Cramer; subject "Protection and Pros-
perity."
sunday 3ieetings.
2^~at^thk; first pkoorrssive
B-^' Spiritual Ctiurch, 997 Market sU— Come
out to hear the "Truth of Christian Spiritualism";
11 a. m., test developing circle: 2 p. M.. platform
tests, Mr. Hans- n. Mrs Dunham Warren: 8 p. m.,
Mrs. Smith, trance lecturer: "spirit messages."
Mrs. Katie 11 eussmanu McKee.
E^EDWARD" X EARLK— AT SCOTTISH
a^ss? Hall. i arkln fit, m-ntt;ht, at 8 o'clock, in
bis wonderful tests 'vlemonsiratlne beyond a
doubt • hat your spirit friends can and do return."
Go and hear this gifted man. He will interest you
with his remarkable power. Admission 10 cents.
aF_^> I>R. BOBBINS LKCTURr TO-NIGHT
EFjS' on -How to Be Healthy, Weiltliy and
Wise.'- The sick healed, mediums developed:
wrl ten questions answered: convincing tests.
Washington Hall, 35 Vi Eddy. Bp. m. Circle tick-
f.ts, magnetized paper and admission free.
EKTS- AT MR." Kl.\-I>. SPIRITUAL MEET-
I^& ing, 909 Market st.; 11 a. it.. 2 and 8 p.m.;
circle ana platform sis- Mmes. Seely, Dunham,
Bird. Harlaod, It. A. Stltts. Doctor's office 1236
Marke St.; hours, 10 to 5.
_PS^MRsi C. J. MEYER WILL OPEN
IS-*' Friendship Hall. 326-8 McAllister St., Mon-
day ever ing; dedication services; mediums and
public invited; good music and dancing: free.
Jt^S= GOOD CITIZENSHIP MEETING, MET-
VF^" ropolitan Temple. SUNDAY', July 5. 3 p.
m.: address by George H. Derrick, M.D.: subject,
"The A. P. A. SoM Out": admission 10 cents.
SPIRIT MA TKIUALIZATION SUNDAY
tt~ss H , Luring Hall, a: 2:30 P. 11. ; admission 25
cents: 7:30 p. m.. spirit messages; admission
10 cents.'
V^=» HESRY CRINDLE— MATERIALIZING
ar-xy seance Sunday eve, 8 o'clock; 50 cents,
18'J7 Market st.
_^~s= AT 605 MCALLISTER— MME. YOUNG'S
m~^r test circle to-night 10 cents. All sceptics
invi:ed.
_Es> MRS. SHRINER, PARLOR TEST CIR-
Stvjy cle to-night, loc: sittings daily. 311VauNess
|_» MRS. COLBY UAH RETURNED: SIT-
-sE~*y llnir.i dally. 1-2 1 ; Oak st.
NOTICE Of MEETINGS.
FIDELITY LO DG 222, < x^U^T'
&<& I. O. O. F.— MONDAY KVKN- 4___Ssl__.
ING, July 6, Installation of officers. -JS^ERS^
W. R. MATHKW-, N. G. 'V.y/n^Jf^-
I. H. Vaxdybogcbt, :-ecretary. '
EE^S 3 CALIFORNIA LOIKJE, NO. v -«a!{U:'/»_"
W^& 1, I. O. O. F.— lnstallation of
officers MONDAY EVENING, July 6. : =Z-I<3£§i
W, C. Rli KY, N. G. < / 7/J%^ F
C-i W. Daywai.t. Recording Secretory.
_F_sp" TWENTY-FIRST ANNUAL PICNIC.
Br~& Loyal Oranse Institution of san Francisco
and Oakland at shell Moun.l Park, SATURDAY
July 11. 18H6. Adults' tickets. 25c PICNIC COM.
CE^_jp OFFICERS AND MEMBERS OF L. O. I.
l>^» of San Francisco and Oakland are requested
to meet at 35 Eddy St.. ' san Francisco, THIS
EVENING at 6 o'clock, to attend service at Leba-
non Presbyterian Cuurch, 1021 tranche*: st.
REV. D. M. KO---S, Pastor.
p-~S= A N N V A L Mk X - I3TG IMPROV-
Zi>~~& ed order of Red Men's Hall Asso-^t.^fc..
elation of san Francisco.— The annual N^^.
meeting of the stockholders of the Improved order
of Red Men's Hall Association of San Francisco
will O- held on MONDAY EVENING, July 13,
1896, at 8 o'clock, at the office of the association,
S2U Post st., for the election of a board of trustees
or directors and such other business as may prop-
erly come before the meeting.
BENJAMIN F. JOSSfiLYN, President.
William J. smith. Secretary.
»r~|F~THi; ANNUAL MEETING OF THE
tfc-^ 7 stockholders of the Edison Light and Power
Company, for >he election of directors for the en-
■minc year and for the transaction of such other
business as may be brought before the meeting,
will be held a , the company's office, 229 Steven-
son St., sun Francisco, WEDNESDAY, the 15th
day of "July, 1896, at 10 a. m. Transfer books
will close July 3. at sp. M. Proxies must be filed
with the secretary before the hour of meeting.
J. E. GBEEN, Secretary. .
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
a^S' coLTjjriYus"sAvTN?;s and" loan"s<>
Br-£? clety, 614 Washington street. The directors
have d eel u red the following semi-annual dividends;
4.32 ocr cent perannum on term and 3.60 per cent
per annum on ord nary depo&iis, payable on and
after July 1. 1896, F. N. BELGRANO, Secretary.
f__^= DIVIDEND NOTICE— MUTUAL SAV-
m*& Ing* Bank of San Francisco, 33 Post st For
■the half year ending June 30, 1896, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of 'our (4) per cent per
unnum on term deposits ami three and one-third
(3.33%) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
.taxes, payable on and after WEDNESDAY, July
I, 189b. GEO. A. STORY. Cashier.
_P_S= OFFICE OF THE HI BERN IS" " BAV-
•*~*^ Ings and Loan Society, cor. Market, McAl-
lister and Jones sts., San Francisco, June 29.
1896— At a regular meeting of the board of direc-
tors of this s >ciety. held this day. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and three-
quarters (884) per cent per annum on all deposits
for the six months ending June 30. 1896, free
from all taxes and payable on and after July 1,
1896. ROBERT .1. TOBIN, Sec.
~BEZ3r' DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAVINGS AND
&-»» Loan Society, 101 Montgomery »v, corner
gutter. For the half-year ending June 30, 1896, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of four and
thirty-two one hundredth* (4.32) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and sixty one-
hundred (3.60) per cent per =.nnum ou ordinary
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Wednesday, . July 1. 1896. Dividends not called
for are added to and bear the same rate of dividend
! > the principal, from and after July 1, 1898.
" CYRUS W. CABMANY, Cashier. .
jKS=» DIVIDEND NOTICE.— GERMAN
l»>-« y Savings and Loan . Society, 526 California
St.— For the half year ending June 30, 1896, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of four and
twenty-six hundredths (4 26-100) per cent per an-
num on term deposits, and. three and fifty-five
hundredths (3 65-100) ; per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on and
ntK-r Wednesday, July 1. 1896.
• CIO. TOURNEY. Secretary.
SI'JiOIAL NOTICES. ~- ~
jt__Sp~THE SECRETARY Of 1 THE~~BAN
bE--*- 7 Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum So-
ciety hereby elves | notice that the following or-
phan and half-orpban girls and boys have been
admitted to this institution from January 1, 1896,
to July 1, 1896: Annie B. Newton, 4 yrs.: Mary
K. Kelly, 12 yrs.; Maud A. Bioodwortb, 12 yrs.:
Km ma G. Maas, 6 yrs.; Eveline Griswold. 6 yrs.:
Lovlna M. Korb, 11 yrs.: Lillie M. Bobbins, 11
yrs.; Eva'L. Bobbins, 9Vz yrs.: Alice M. Bobbins.
8 yrs.; Mary Goetz, 9 yrs.; Mary J. Peterson, 10
vis.: Bessie M. Peterson, 3yrs: Marlon Fi zarer- ;
aW, 11 yrs.; Sidney L. Newton, 7 yrs.: William A. ■
fc>cott,lo Harry Clements, 12% yrs.; Clyde j
Clements, 11 yrs.; Edwiu Clements. 9 yrs.; Charles
K. Korb, 10 yrs. : George A. Korb, 8 yrs.; William
1". Korb, 7 yrs.; Philip Mahhas, 10 yrs.; Majll
Mahbas, 8 yrs.: John L. McGowan.'6 vrs ; Vllroy
11. Maas, B yrs.; William 11. Maas, 3 yrs.; Robert
It Golden, 6 yrs.: Edwin W. Korb, 6 t yrs.; Frank-
lin J. Korb, 6 yrs. : John 11. Korb. 12 yrs.: Samuel
D. Korb. 2 yrs.: Waiter J. M unlock, 8 yra.; George .
C. Robhius, 6 yrs : Richard H. Jirjeiis, 9 yrs.;
William L. Jlrjpnn; 7 vrs. : George Jirjens, ' 6 yrs.:
Kdward Goetz. 8 yrs.: Walter Ooetz," 4 yrs. ; James
F. Peterson, " 5 yrs. : Roy sobey, 4 yrs.: Gerald
Fitzgerald. 9 yr^., and George Long. 9 yrs. ';
_k_s? ALL PERSONS HAVING served AS
l>~& jurors In criminal cases will find it to their
interest to call at room 18, 230 'Montgomery sU
J. P. DAME RON.
_t__R» DRS. HOLi'MAN AND LiNQUIST— BE-
*»*' moved to 1370 Market su; poor treated free. 1
SPECIAL .NOTlCES— Continued.
■Ka»» NOTICE~IS HEHEHY '■I V I N THAT
I^^ the Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsom sU,
t-iin Francisco, Cal., has admitted the following
orphan, half-orphan and abandoned girls from
April 1 to July 1. 1896: Mary Margaret Lyons, 1
aged 6 years: Fanny Meyer, a;;ed 8 years; M<tud
Maria York. :u<ed 7 years; Hattie Kline, aged 12
years: Jessie Taylor, aged 6 years: Florence
Josephs, aged 6 years; Beulah Josephs, aged 4
years: Alice C. Laulau, aged 2 years: Olga Maria
mud berg, aged 3 years. , ■ • '
K_?s=. BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
»3? collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgv s:.. room 6. I-'. 6680.
SITUATIONS' tVA>'TEX»-*'E3IALE.
iIESPECTABLE COM PR TE NT ■ WIDOW
J V wishes position as housekeeper for small
family; widower's house 1 referred : city or coun-
try. Call or address Housekeeper, MRS. NOR-
TON'S Employment Office, 316 Sntter su
B. HANSEN & CO., 110 GEARY ST.,
. furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, Dhone or mail us your or ".era: orompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185.
rro HOUSEWIVES— COLUMBIA employ-
-1 ment Agency, 128 Fourth St.. furnishes very
beet help at short notice. Tel, black 363. -
YOUXG WOMAN WANTS POSITION AS
I working housekeeper: understands care of
children: city or country: best references. Ad-
dress B. X., box 119, Call Office.
DRESSMAKER FROM .NEW YORK W > NTS
work in ladies' houses by the day. 305 Eddy st.
PEFINED AND EDUCATED YOUNG LADY
J \> wants position as superintending housekeeper,
companion or care of an invalid; good home de-
sired ; country preferred. Address D., box 131,
this office. ''• ..
WEDISH WIDOW WITH FOUR CHILDREN
O would like to do plain washing and mending.
Apply 524 Stevenson st. . •
IRL 16 YEARS OLD WISHES A PLACE TO
do waiting in small restaurant or private
boarding-house. Call at 508 Jessie st.
IBST-CLASB CHAMBERMAID WANTS A
JT situation; wages $20. Apply room 50, Win-
chester House, 44 Third st. .
YOUNG LADY WISHES TO GO TO COUN-
X try as lady's companion ; Is willing to assist in
housework: can do all kinds Of fancy work. Ad-
dress D. 8- box 90. Call Office. /
DBES-MAKEB WOULD LIKE ENGAGE-
ments: perfect fit; stylish: $2 per day. Call
or address Middle Fiat, 124 Fulton st.
FIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WANTS FEW
-T more engagements; $1 a day or at home; waists
and children's clothes u specialty. 228 Seventh st.
ITUATION WANTED. BY COM PETEN,
Protestant girl in American family ; good cook
city reference. Call 945 Mission st.
OMAN WITH A CHILD WISHES SITU A-
*» tion; city or country: good cook; do general
housework. Call 221 Minna.
p EBMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION AS
VJT housekeeper: good, plain cook and fond of
children. Address W. R., box 27, Call office.
IDDLE-AGED LaDY WOULD LIKE A PO-
sition. as housekeeper for a widower: good
home desired more than wages: city or country.
Address G. H., box 118, Call Office.
p IRL 15 YEABS WISHES A SITUATION TO
V* take care of children and assist la light
hous work; prefer to sleep at home. Please call
355 Jessie st. .
ANTED— BY A GOOD SWEDISH LADY,
work by the day washing or housecleaning;
reasonable. Address 2914 Twenty-first St., near
Harrison, rear.
IRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE
work by the day or work home; fit guaranteed:
reasonable. 219 .olileu Gate aye.
WKDISH LADY. WITH GIBL OF 6 YEARS,
wishes place as working housekeeper in widow-
er's family; no objection to country. Address
E. M. 8- box 46. Call.
PANISII WIDOW WOULD LIKE SITUA-
O tion as housekeeper or any otner light employ-
ment. Apply 105 Larkin St., room 3.
pOMPETENT YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
\J with child wishes housekeeper's position, cham-
berwork or sewine; city or country. Call or ad- 1
dress 917 Market sU. room 19. j
Q WEDISH GIRL" WISHES TO DO GENERAL
0 housework, washing, cooking. Apply 1135
Florida st.
YOUNG SWEDISH WOMAN WITH BABY
X wishes situation, general housework and cook-
ins; city or country. Address New Atlantic Hotel,
207 Montgomery aye.
YOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS
X cashier, or oue of trust: references, etc. Ad-
dress C. R.. box 84. this office.
1 [FRENCH CHBISTIAN UNION OF CALIFOR-
X nia, 1520 Clay st. ; reliable families can en>
gage now; first, a healthy, respectable young wet-
nurse; second, a fine seamstress and maid: third,
a competent Frencn cook. Apply at once at above
address. • •;-'..--•
■I OUNG LADY WANTS POSITION AS
X housekeeper or to lake charge of lodging-house.
Call or address 203 Powell St., room 5.
p EBMAN WISHES SITUATION TO DO
VT upstairs work and sewing. Please call or ad-
dress 1816 Webster st.
W INCHES .ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. R.
'< Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
91 50 10 $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus ana baggage to and from the ferry-.
SITUATIONS WAKTED-HALK.
R^AN^E^r&^a.^fo^ETRY^TTFUR;
• nlsh haymakers, threshing crews, harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men, min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock
men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mall us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
UNTISR & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny. bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
HINESE AND JAPAN KSE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY 640 Clay.
«.'. I*. COOK'S SOU SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
.. branches ;shori notice. 14' ear.-. tel.Grant43.
TAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
d office; best help. 3148 Sutter: tel Grant 30.
HINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V office: best help. 414J/ 2 O'Karrell: tel. K. 426.
QITUATION WANTED AS BOOKKEEPER,
0 accountant, general office man, manager or
other desirable position: competent; businesi ex-
perience; excellent ability: character and refer-
ences. Address J., box 10, Call office.
YOUNG MAN. GERMAN DESCENT, WISHES
X position as bartender; 27 years of age: good
mixer; good reference: $20 a month and board;
city or country. Address E. G., box 54, this office.
T ANTED— SITUATION AS ADVERTISING
.agent to advertise 'a large firm in Oregon and
Washington. Address D., box 06, this office.- - .•• v
TRONG YOUNG GERMAN DESIRES SlTU-
ation of any kind. 656 Natoma st.
TKADY YOUNG MAN WISHES BITUA-
tion, city or country: good driver, understands
horses; wages low. R. S., box 102. Call Office.
USINESS MAN, GOOD ADDRESS AND
trustworthy, here for health, wants position;
small salary; city or country. Address B. M., box
162. Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN
kJ and wife (with no children) In hotel, restau-
rrnt, private - family or on ranch: best of referen-
ces. Address Y. 0., box 21, Call office.
ITUAIION WANTED BY COACHMAN OR
stableman; thoroughly understands his busi-
ness: also garden and cows; willing about place;
first-class references. Address ED., 2258 Buena
Vista aye., Alameda. Cal. ■
ANTED— JOB~BY A RELIABLE MAN
who thoroughly understands concrete and
stone work; much experience in - reservoir and
ditch work; country preferred. Address 8. T.,
box 60, this office. -- ■ - ' ■ .
"IV ANTED— BY 2 WELL-MANNERED AND
" well-educated young Hollanders, positions as
butler and coachman: they prefer to remain to-
getber. Address W. 8., box 64, Call Office.
MAN AND WIFE WANT SITUATIONS;
man 10 cook and bake; wife assist in kitchen
or housework in institution or resort ; best of ref-
erence. Address 221 Minna st.
"IT* IRST-CLABS COLORED COOK. HOTEL OR
X restaurant, wishes situation; city reference.
Address R. P., box 112, Call office.
T> ELI ABLE, STEADY COLORED MAN
XV wishes situation as porter or hot lunch cook.
Address Reliable, box 109, Call Office.
MAN AND WIFE WANT PLACE IN COUN-
try; man good milker and handy with horses;
wife good cook. Call or address A. S, 24 Mint aye.
N INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH FlRST-
class Eastern and Fan Francisco references
from last employer wants situation as gardener or
coachman. Address G. C., box 114, Call office.
"\f IDDLE-AGED MAN,. TEMPERATE, WID-
-IYI ower, wishes place In private family-, under-
stands care of horses ; good driver; useful about
house; carpenter by trade; comfortable home
wanted more than wages. , CU. C, 415 San Pablo
aye., Oakland. .; . .
OY MIDDLE-AGED MAN, AS COACHMAN
Xf in private family; useful around place; speaks
French and English; good references. Address
Coachman, box 2, Call Office, Oakland. ,-.
Y~OUNG MARRIED MAN WISHES A POSI-
X tion as janitor or watchman; handy with tools.
Refer 1 439 Jessie st.
W INCHKSTEB HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 10 $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
Market— Electric llgnts In • every room ; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 -per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT. OFFERS
his services In the expertlng of books, opening
and closing, of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Address P. C
box 137. Call office.
v. FEMALE HELP WANTED. .
Ta WAITRESSES;" steady! COUNTBY
X\J hotels, resorts and springs; $20. MURRAY
& MURRAY. 634 Clay st. . . . *
RANCH COOKS, ' $20 AND $25: HOUsE-
keeper, $15: restaurant cook, $30 and room;
25 women and girl* can find places. MURRAY
<fc READY, 631 Clay st. .
1 i\ WAITRESSKS.iDIFFKRENT COUNTRY
X\J hotels and resorts, 920; 3 chambermaids,
country hote.s, $20; 8 girls for housework, city
and country, $20 and $25: second girl, $15. C. B.
HANSEN it CO., 110 Geary st. |
'ANTED— IRONEBH. SOUTHWEST COR-
- ncr of Dolores and Twenty-ninth sts. " ':■■ '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
HELP WANTED-Continnwl. _
LADY RESIDENT I N E "ACIFTO^ If DO
XJ writing: no canvassing: inclose stamp forde- |
tails. 131 Post si., room 21. |
EN-.RAL IIOUSKWORKER, COUNTRY, I
$20; 3 girls. 1 ght housework, city; and j
others. Employment office. 128 Fourth st. '
\\r ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
" school; class now forming for fall work; prac-
tical; reasonable. ' 410 Leaven worth st.
U" ANTED— AN A BEEABLE, INTELLI-'
'gent woman of mature age to oversee work-
ers in wholesale house. Address A. A., box 112, CalL
7 ADY UNDER 45, UNENCUMBERED, TOAT-
XJ tend doorbell occasionally in exchange for
room. 121 Montgomery st.
"YOUNG GIRL' FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
X work; need not cook. 1417 Geary st.
OOK WANTED— MAN OR WOMAN: ALSO
waiters. 131 Third su
GIRL FOR PASTING BOXES, AND ALSO
girl experienced in stamping monograms. E.,
box 5, Call Office. . .
YOUNG GIRL WHO UNDERSTANDS HAlR-
work and manicuring. 1508 Polk st. . •'
TH IS IS FOR YOU, YOUNG OR OLD, RICH
X or poor, mxrrled or single; you can all learn
dressmaking, cutting, fitting and finishing, In fuel
every part of dressmaking; bring your own goods;
work tor yourself, family or customers: easy pay- I
ments; unlimited lessons; now Is the time to i
enter: dressmakers furnished to families by the j
day. The McDowell Dressmaking Academy, 636
Market st., opposite Palace HoteL
I|URST-CLAS-. SKIRTMAKERS; NONE OTH-
J era need apply. BOWHAY, 504 Sutter st.
AIKDKES=>INO, 25c AND 360: MORN i NO
and eve classes; 101easons,»l 60. 1248 Mission.
EBFKCT KITTING AND STYLISH DKESS-
making t&fSght, $5 per month; pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers: waist, jack-
et and skirt patterns cut to order, 25c up. Mo
POWELL Academy,636 Market,opp.l'alace Hotel.
T ADIES— FREE! FREE! LESSONS EVERY
Xj Tues.,2to3: dresacuttlng. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
HAIR-DItES.SING; MANICURING LESSONS.
MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell st. and 105 Ninth.
pOAT- FINISHERS WANTED. 641 MARKET
\J street.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
».'X Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market:
200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6
per week: free 'bus and baggag* to and from ferry.
.MA 1.l HELP WANTED.
QHORT^OR^tER~^b"6^"s7?3oiJNTR?Y~ LUNCH^
0 counter, $14 and $9 a week; cooks, city, $8,
$10 and $12 a week: cooks, small places, $30 and
?36. C. K. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
WAITER FOR LAKE TaHOK; SEE PARTY
»» here 9 a.m. Monday; waiter, water resort:
German waiter country hotel. C. R. HANSEN <&
CO., 110 Geary st. _^
WOOD-TURNER AND HELP AROUND
country mill. C. B. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary su
EAD WAITER, COUNTRY HOTEL;
steady position the year round; $40. C. R.
HA-NSI.N A CO., 110 Geary st.
"1 A EXTRA - HOTEL WAITERS, WITH
XV/ dress suits, $2 a day, to call Monday 7 a.m.,
with grip ready to start: $2 a day and fare both
ways. ■ l. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st.
GANG OF RAILROAD LABORERS $175,
free fare; farmer*, hay-makers, milkers, scrap-
er teamsters, laborers; going wages. C. R. HAN-
SEN CO., 110 Geary.
V» ANTED— THIS~SUNDAY MORNING, 9 TO
" 10 o'clock, 5 men to go with a surveying party;
Eastern farmers preferred. C. R. HAXBEN «fc CO.,
110 Geary st. '
\\ ANTED— THIS SUNDAY MORNING. 7 j
» « o'clock, 4 extra waiters with their valises ready |
to go to firs. -class Country hotel: $2 a day; free
fare both ways. C R. H.vNsKX «fe CO., 110 Geary. I
AN — THIS SUNDAY MORNING; 4 j
"" neat boys for bellboys in a hotel: no experi- j
ence needed; $15. C. K. HANSEN & Co., 110
Geary st.
QA FARMERS, $26. $25 AND $20; 3 MILK- j
-JV ers, $30 and $25; 2 butter-makers, $25; ,
miner, $1 25, day, found; 3 laborers for a mine, I
$-0 and. fare paid: 20 laborers and teamsters, i
$1 76 day and $26 per month, found, city and coun- ;
try; 20 wood-choppers for a mine, $1 cord; 20 tie- '
makers. 8c and 10c each; blacksmith, s4o, found: 5 ■
fruit pickers, near city; 3 choremen, $20 and $18;
foreman for a ranch: 'JO railroad teams 3
horses *1 60, 4 horses, $1 80 day. 20 men to irri-
gate and dig ditches. MURRAY & BEADY, Lead- j
Ing Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
6 COO »30, |40, $50 AND $60; 3 DlSH-
washers, $20 and $15: 5 waiters, $30 and $25;
2 ranch cooks, $30 and $25. MURRAY <&
READY, Leading Employment Agents., 634 and i
636 Clay St. .
rpO-DAY, SUNDAY; OFFICE OPEN 9 TO 11 |
Xa. M.; dishwasher, $6 week: kitchen- $3O: '
waiter, plain hotel, $26. LEON ANDRE, 315 '
Stockton st.
"YOUNG MAN TO DRIVE WAGON AND
X milK 3 cows: $16 and found. Address in writ-
ing J. It,, Call Branch (MRS. HOMERS Agent),
229 Clement st., Richmond District.
I A MEN WHO CAN COLLECT AND HOLD
X\J trade; good pay: references required. Call
Monday, 10 a. m., 58 First st.
I>AINTEK AS PARTNER; B*IALL CAPITAL
X required; good chance. Paint, box 162, Call.
ISH WASHER— SOUTHERN PACIFIC RES-
taurant, 202 Townsend si.
OOD WAITER WANTED. CALL EARLY,
r 106 second st.
INGLE FURNISHED BOOMS, 250 NIGHT,
$1 week. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis, nr. Taylor.
T>ARBER. FIRST-CLASB. WANTED. CALL
X* on MB. TANNER, SO Turk St., saloon, Sun-
day or Monday afternoon.
\\ T ANTED— IBONERB. SOUTHWEST COR
» » ncr Dolores and Twenty-ninth sts.
\\7ANTED-FOR THE UNITED STATES
»T Marine Corps, U. 8. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less thin 6 feet 6 inches In height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and sneak English properly: only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements; giving op- '
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. . For further Information apply I
at the Recruiting Office. 20 Ellis St., San Fran- i
Cisco, Cal.
'ANTED— AN EXPERIENCED KUBTLER;
good paying work. Address R. W., box 10.
Call Office. •
ARBER-SHOP, 2 CHAIRS, FOB SALE. 415
XJ Hayes st- ; good location.
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
band shoes, 749 Mission St., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed top, our make, 92 50
and $3: ladies', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
PARTNER WITH SMALL CAPITAL IN
X horseshoeing shop: good location. L., box. 4.
Call Office.
ARBERS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL BEC-
-1> retary Barbers' Asso.. 102 seventh. H. Bernard.
DAKBEKS- FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
Xf P. C. Barbers' Assn. 8. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
ARBKRS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TBOELL, 667 Clay.
ARRERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
I > menu Secy, P. C. Hamann. 2S9V_ U'ParretL
E.S.— BEM OVED~FBOM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Clay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, sc.
OUNG MAN TO ACT AS CASHIER: RES-
X taurant; $150 cash required; will pay 960 per
month. GKO. STEWART, 602 Market st.
jjARBERB-A GOOD COUNTRY BARBER
I > shop: 2 chain; 2 baths; for sale; $300: good
Investment for barber with family. Forpartlcu-
lars inquire of DECKELMAN BROS- 106 Ellis st.
TV' ANTED— MAN WITH $600 FOR A BIG-
»» paying enterprise: chance of a lifetime. Ad-
dress ARCHIE LEVY, box 72. this office.
BAND CLEARANCE !"s~ALE OF BOOTS AND
r shoes, bedrock prices; $6 shoes cut to $3, $5 to
$2 50, $4 to $1 60, $2 60 to $1 25; all goods sacri-
ficed next 15 days in order to enlarge store and
put in new stock.. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
"1 I \fi MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, 15C
X \i\J and 20c a night, including coffee and roll*.
624 Washington itt., near Kearny.
INCHESTERHOUSK, 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; readlng-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
"ANTED— AN IDEA : WHO CAN THINK OF
some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDERBURN A ro., DepL L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
\\,rE HAVE A LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES
' ' selling at less than fourth their value; cast
off shoes bought or exchanged. 562 Mission si.
"VTEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
XX 3d and 4th— (single furnished rooms, ni_-ht 15c to
60u;week $1 to $2 60; reading-room; strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet; open all nitcht.
TRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
low Sixth, for a room: 26c a night: $1 a week.
ODGINHS, 5c TO 15c PER NIGHT: CLEAN.
Continental House, 521 Pacific, below Kearny.
STHMA CUKE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
dlns Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
BEST IN CITY--81NO' X ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, 91 50 ' per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and LelUesdorff sts.
OOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT; 600 TO «1 50
per week. Oriental, 225 DrummsU
ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver . House, 217 Third su;. 160
large rooms: 25c per nigh:; $1 to $3 per week. •
AL* SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOB $2 50;
half-solelng 2.V; up. 969 Howard st., nr. Sixth.
WE ARK SHOK DOCTORS; ;WE REPAIR
.. »' your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual p.ice: done while you wait.
; 662 Mission st., between First and Second sts. -
I IN DELL HOUSE. . SIXTH ■ AND HOWARD
J 1 bis.; single furnished rms week, 16c night.
LCHO HoUSK, 863 MARKET ST.—
Rooms JOc. 25c. 10 60c. night; $1 to $?. week.
\\r ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
»» en«tclerk». KNOX Collection A gey. 110 Butter
ANTED — MEN TO LtARN BARBER
I trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. 8. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
"ANTED-BINQLE -.ROOMS, 160 A DAY; $1
v»ek; rooms for two, 26c a day, «l bUa wee*;
reading-room; dally papers. 36 Clay et.
HELP ANTED— Continued.
VI EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
m all grocers keep it. ■ ; ' .
I^RKK HKKR-TWo BCHOOSERi FOU 6c;
X' also a bo'.:i »p?l«T"r. Sr. Nt £37 < lav <t.. ;,
A rt'Ej^K'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
-A WEEKLY CALL, la wrapper, for mailing.
.\<.i .- . .\» Ai«"'rEl>. , ,
TgMI'IRE LIFE. ~T
PURE LIFE
—INSURANCE— -
AT COST ■
AGENTS WANTED.
porter building,
SAN JOSE.
GENTS ARE COINING MONEY WITH
•£*- our new novelties: immense sales. Alumi-
num Novelty Co.. 110 Sutter st. •
EXPERIKNCKD AGENTS; NEW ARTICLK;
XJ lir.rodiictlo.i3 furnished. Agent, box 28. Call.
A GENTS — THE GREATr.ST CAMPAIGN
-» ooilc of 896: outfits only 25c; one agent re-
ports 31 orders first day; highest discount. The
Whltt>ker<fc Ray Company. 723 Market St.
J HOUSES WANTED.
ANTED TO BENT— COTTAGE OB SMALL
house; modern,' sunny, central; permanent
tenants, two adults. ■ Address Cottage, box 27. Call.
COTTAGE OF 4 OB 5 BOOMS; REASONABLE:
man and wife, c. p.. box 19. Call Office
• KOOMS WANTED.
/"\NE OR TWO COMFORTABLE FURNISHED
V rooms, by a father (German) and grown son:
please state particulars. Add. T. C. box 63, Call.
BOARDING WANTED.
AN OLD LADY DESIRES 4. COMFORTABLE
home with good family. Address E., box 64,
Call Office.
WANTHD-MISCKLLANIiOUS.
.
piIOTOOBAPH OUTFIT WITH PORTABLE
X gallery; either or both. P. 8., box 43, Call.
W ANTKD— SECOND-HAND PIANO*; MUST
TT be cheap. Address M. Buvllle, 136 First sU
qiO BUY— LODGING-HOUSE; STATE PAR-
X tlculars. K. S.. box 46, this office. .
SECOND - HAND KODAKS. CAMERAS'
lenses, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery
SELL YOUR BOOKS. clothing and JEW
elrr to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st. : send postal.
CLAXKVOYANTS.
SUCCESS ABSOLUTELY GUABANTEED.
Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M. L. CAR-
NELLE, the prince of clairvoyants, will give ad-
vice on business speculations, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorces: settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated and causes a
happy marriage with the one of your choice: he
locates mines and bidden treasures, tells of your
friends and enemies, removes evil influences,
cures .bad habits, gives advice on lawsuits and
everything relating to the future; thousands of
families long separated reunited by his efforts;
thousands of hearts made glad through his preaic-
tioin: send stamp for Circular. 220 Eddy st.
Hours from 9 to 9 dally and Sundays.
GIT AN A THE GYPSY.
This remarkable woman has just arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
In unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: she reunite* the separated
and cau&es speedy a-d happy marriage with the
oue of your choice; hours, 9toBP. m. 8 Turk sU
\\r ITCHES WERE BURNED, BUT MME.
»» Stewert still astonishes the cltv by producing
exact likeness of your future husband or wife ; the
greatest trance clairvoyant and card-reader on the
coast: test her powers ere she sails for Europe: she
guarantees to bring back lost love; makes peace
and happiness in the home. R. 3 and 4, 917 Market.
\ I ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED" GYPSY, UN-
•I'X precedented success in New York City, great-
est card reader on the coast, gives Infallible love-
charms to all; hours 10 to 8. Booms 44-45, 306
Stockton st. : elevator.
O YOU WANT SOME SOUL-SATISFYING
truth? Then visit Mnie. saylor, the recog-
nized queen of clairvoyants: ladles 25c: gents
gents 50c: perfect satisfaction guaranteed. 136
Hayes st. •
\ I ME. LENEMAB— FORTUNES TOLD Bx"
111. planets; predicted In 74 passengers of overdue
steamer on island. Rm. 10. 11 Taylor, cor. Markt
MMX. AKNDT, BKST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the picture of
yonr future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
I3KTUBNEO, WORLD-RENOW.VED MM It
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. 866 Mission.
A BBIVED— MRB.IHANSON READ'S HEAD
J. V. and palm, also cards and tells past, present
and future. 17 Fourth st., room 7. ■ ■ -« . ■ -
MB. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present, future ; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
VI ME. UK THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
i'l yra. Kearny, now 929 Post; fee $1 ; letter $2.
MMX. BAVENA. READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
I>l business advice; names given ;26c up. 6 Fourth.
ME. LEOKITE: PBKSKNT. PAST AND
future; 25c 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ME. SYBILLK Tr.LLS FROM CItADLK TO
the crave: fee _5 cents. 914 O'Farrell eU
SPIRITUALISM.
A VERITABLE QUEENAMONG WOMEN IS
MBS. DR. A. D." HOWE.
FEE $1 A UPWARD! FEE $1 & UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you in trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that life is yet worth living!
MR& DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this coast In the ten years past, is
again at her old offices, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless: the
separated are united; the sick made strong : the
poor become rich; if you think your husband, wife
,or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. She does
not know what failure means! Her "Revealea
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to. and no
matter <■: how long standing. Write if you can-
not <•»''. for treatment oy mail is always most suc-
cessful and satisfactory." All letters answered.
- Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1 £ UPWARD! FEE $1 & UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1320 Market st., opp. Seventh,
San Francisco.
RS. DR. W. MIRANDAS,
The world-renowned .spiritual medium, still
continues to hold the public's attention by her
wonderful work. Thousands have been united,
married, made well and enjoyed riches by follow-
ing her advice. Your life described from cradle to
the grave. Her revealed medicines work miracles
with the sick and alllic.ed: letters with stamp
answered: diagnosis irom lock of hair; hours 10
to 8; closed Fridays; sittings $1. 1206 Market st.
MME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLATRVOY"
ant, card- reader, born with a double veil ant!
second sight; ladies 50c. gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 128 Turk st., nr. Jones.
ISHOP GARRISON, 1370 MARKET ST.
Seances every night, 25c; except Mon.; Thurs.
MRS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE AND BOSI-
l'l ness medium; sittings daily : $1. -IX6 Oak 81
_'- ■ ASTROLOGY.
MEDICAL ASTROLOGY— PROF. HOWARD'S
vital remedies remove all chronic troubles and
restore to perfect Health. 311 Hyde st., 10 to 3.
'_'-_" _•'_• : ' LOST.
©OK REWARD— LOST,^ JULY"^BETWEEN
«J?! jC^O San Mateo and Burllngame, a small brown
satchel: articles in It were marked E. H. 8.; also
gold watch and various other articles. The above
reward at Burlingame, or at Union Iron Works,
8. F. ■
LOST— ON FOURTH OF JULY PAR ADE. BY
Four Division Marshal, one gold locket,
California quartz. Finder will please return the
same to 201 Brannan si. and receive liberal re-
ward. .- . . - ■'.'■'• -:■"..
LOST— THURSDAY, FROM GREEN TO
Jones st., one hand bag with clothes; reward
paid. 2112 Jones st. ■ < ■ ' ' ■■
SILVER BELT. ON VAN NESS AND OAK.
July 4: reward. 204 Lily aye.
POX TERRIER; TAG 1348: SPOT ON BIGHT
J ear; reward. 1514 Jones st.
GREYHOUND BITCH, BKINDLE HEAD,
VJ short tall; in pup. ward at 1019 Market st.
LOST— PASSBOOK WITH HIBERNIA SAV-
ings I and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MARY WILSON, No, 108.296. The
finder will please return to bank .■■>-■-■■■■■
- ___< . -" .'. : FOUND. ..'.:.....::
TnlsuNlCl<ri>.^ M. BOAT,^^LADY^'PURSE;
' J small sum of money. :22 x s Geary st., room 7. .
ipOUND-BUNCH OF LOTTERY TICKETS.
X Apply 3263 Mission st. ' ■-■■=-■..-
-"•' ATTOUNEYB-AT-LAW. :;"
lE. PHILLIPS— U.S. AND STATE^OURTst
-« damage cases a specialty; money to loan on
estates: charges moderate. .: Offices 508 California.
LEGALBUSINESS TRANSACTED WITHOUT
Xj publicity; advice free and confidential. P. O.
box 2132, San Francisco. . •
ADVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS : A '.■ SPECI-
S\- ally; private; ; no charge unless successful; all
, JnwsulLa, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended la ■ G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
R- W. KING. ATTORNE~Y-AT- LAW, CHRO X -
. icle old*; advice free; moderate; open evngs.
\\T W. DAVIDSON.ATTORNEY-Al-LAW, 420
IT ' . California sU. rooms 14 and 15; advice free.
.■■■■: IVI'KWBIXKIW." , . ... '
TJEMINGTON, $35; SMITH. $60: HENDFbR
XV sample work. SCOTT & BANN AN,333Mntgmy
JACKSON ALS._
FALLING HAIR, SCROFULA AND DIB-
X 1 eased scalps cured by Quinonia; I i sell it; best
halr-dresslng in the city at my parlors for 25c;
switches equally good. $1. G. LEDERER, 111
Stockton st., store nearest Geary.
DANCING— BALLROOM OB STAGE TAUGHT.
IRVINE'S, 927 Mission St., opp. U. S. Mint.
1} AO CABPETS WOVE TO ORDER.FOR SALE;
it aUo chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres: deal- :
er in carpet twine In hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth st. Oakland. Cal.
LADY, BTRA;\GER IN THE CITY, LESIRES '
business partner; small capital. 122 Post St..
room 2. ■
BS. DR. MIRANDA. CHIBOPODIST— THE
Berlin facial treatment given. 17 Grant aye., I
room 1, city.
DVICE FREE; DIVORCK. LAWS A SPE-
dally; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections wills, deeds, etc.. at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE,atiy-at-law, 850 Market st
Sure CURE FOB poison OAK, RlNG-
worms and other skin trouble-): eczema re-
lieved: improves complexion; externally applied;
sent by mall for 25 cents. Address P. O. box
2053. San Francisco. Cal.
IG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICONSHOW KVB-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. : artistic ad-
vertigements In living light; promoters of bust- i
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market •
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKBMS YOU
S\ can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress roods, cloaks. Jewelry, at 51. ROTH*
CHllJj's, 213-215 Maaon st. ; open evening*,
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY BOOM I
Winchester House. 44 Third St.. near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ty ATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
" low prices; first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
LEDERKR'S— PLACE TO GET THE
XJ best hair-dressing in the city for 25c; first-class
switches $1 : Lederer's "Quinonia," the most effect-
ive hair tonic ever made; beautifies, strengthens
and cleanses. -■ 11l Stockton st., nr. Geary.
MRS. DR. PORTER, CHIROPODIST AND FA-
cial artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purest toilet articles. 126 Kearny st., room 47.
UIT3 TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Talorlng Company, l ll7 Market st ..net 7th and Bth.
P. WAIN. ARTIST: CHINA TAPESTRY;
. oil lessons 60c 14 McAllister St., room 14.
DR. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST: Dis- !
eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. <fe Kearny.
CLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT '•
J manufnt'. cost. Factory, 20 sansome, upstairs.
RAZOR EXCHANGE. 630 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
USERAIi ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JKW-
elrv. etc. : lowest rates. 94 Market st.
HTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
GOLD. SILVER, GKNTS 1 AND LADIES'
clothlne bought. COLMAN. 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
DKKSSMAREKS.
___ J __^_
RESSES $2 UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
lawn $1 up. 5053,4 Natoma sU. above Sixth.
EDUCATIONAL. —
TITANTED "— V EXPERT aT^COUNTANT
'» several sets of books to write up evenings;
also, lessons in bookkeeping given; terms mod-
erate; best of references. Address L. C, box 144,
Call office. • ,
USICIAN FROM LONDON GIVES LESSONS
in singing; $4 a month. 854 Mission st.
LOCUTION, DRAMA. DELSARTE, PHYBI-
cal culture, voice culture; appearances ar-
ranged. 299 Hyde st. : call after IP. m.
OWEN'S ACADEMY, UNIVERSITY AYE.,
Berkeley: special classes tor the universities.
KALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POS . ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
ROFKSSOR a. MANSFIELD, TEACHEB OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
KTIUHT SCHOOL: Ii K A I- D — BD &GO LL tOB ;-2i
x\ Post;commer;lal. shorthand, English: low rates
"OOOKKKKPING BY TARR: ONLY ACCOUNT-
XJ ant teaching; 1/3 time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 669 Market.
A TTEND STIEHL 7 S COLLEGE, 723 MABKET
t\. St. The very best Individual Instruction;
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
,manshlp, Typewriting, etc., $1 ; books free.
BOO XK K PNG, WBITNO, ABITHMTC, GRAMR
day <fc night; noclanses: $5 month. 845 Mission
UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons: $3 ma MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
JOSEPH GRKVKN. VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
Ninth st. _^
YRES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st. ; Individual Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
BE LA SCO* LYCEUM SCHOOL OK ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
en stage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mku
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL; MLNING. MK-
-0 chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. 64. VAN DKR NAILLKN. 723 11kt
MEDICAL^ ■■ ~~
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment;
never fails; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately: prices to suit the
times; home In confinement. DR. & MRS.
DA VIE*. 14 McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank;
consult free: French regulating pink pills $2;
hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. M and 7 to 9 p. it.
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped . without delay; pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladle*, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYKTH, 916 Post st- near Larkln.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all . female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed :
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny su
T ADIES.CHICHESTER'B ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable: take no other. Send 4c, stamps, for
particulars, "Relief for Ladies," In letter by re-
turn mail; at druggist's. Chichester Chemical Co.,
Philadelphia. Pa. - '
RS. GOODWIN, DISEASES OF WOMEN A
specially: unexcelled In restoring Irregularity
or other conditions; home in confinement: best of
care: low fees; pills $2. Removed from 1370
Market st. to 904 McAllister st.
MBS. G. WOOD. MIDWIFE, CUBES all DIS-
' eases of womb, paralysis, rheumatism, dropsy,
liver and kidney troubles, cancers and tumors;
cure guaranteed; consultation free. 243 Shipley st.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON .TO
A ladles troubled with Irregularities; no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 .express C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSOOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cat.
"INSTITUTE OF. PNEUMATOPATH V FOR
X healing and instructions: 2729 Jackson st.,
hours, 10 to 5; consultation free; call or write for
our "New Methods": the poor healed free. '■
BS. DR. WEGENEB TAKES LADIES B&:
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st.
SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause; ' a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. OWYER, 226 Turk St.
ffiCAAFOR CASE I FAIL TO CURE; DIS-
tJP*J\t\J eases ol the eyes treated: ladies 'consult
free: only qualified specialist. MRS. DR. SCOTT,
216 Powell st. . • ■
DR. JOSSELYN,- THE GREAT SPECIALIST,
XJ 1206 Market St.; private and chronic diseases,
lost manhood and female troubles; P. O. box 2275.
R. PENA CHECKS IT IN 24 HOURS;
prompt relief;, successful treatment; diseases
of both sexes a specialty. 7 Grant aye.
RS. J. A. ACHaRD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement: 25 yrs' experience. 555 Mission.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
see MRS. DR. PUETZ and be content. 264i£ 4th.
"PRIVATE HOM.K IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
X DR. FUNCKE. 1416 Eighth st_, Alameda.
D'~ R. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NKAIi
~Jon»s.  Diseases of women and children.
. ;;.' v ;',';. ' ; - - ■ ' dentists.
rTgeobo^ j w? j "leek, '"genuine
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrellst.
IRST -CLASS DENTISTRY! FIRST-CLASS
JT prices; first-class results: • painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W. C. lI AK-
DINt-'. CM., M.D., 500 Sutter su, corner Powell. |
I R. L'UCKETT, 1703 POST . ST.,- NEAR BU-
XJ cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge woes. .
R. L. T. CKANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and - teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st. cor. Grant ays.
©7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED A3
<P < good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentisi. 930 Market st.. next Baldwin Theater.
1 \R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST..
XJ near Eleventh; ' no charge for extracting when
plates are I made; old j plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given. .
.T^ULL >_. of ihfclll, $7; WARRANTED
X I five years. DR. V. CA V aLSKY, 24 Sixth st.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
O O. YOUNG, 1841 Polk bu ■■- ■
PAINLESS- EXTRACTION. • 60c; * CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 yean*
experience. K. L. WALbH. D.D.a. 816^ Geary.
OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80d ilAK-
ketnt. -■; DR. CHARLES W. DECKSR. • ... .->■ - : -. f
DB. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MABKET. COB. GOLDEN
Gate tvf-.— Open > evenlng3 : « Hundavs till noon. ;
. PHYSICIANS.;..
C^ ' U O'DONN ELL • TO liiOß
XV Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty. r. :■
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ. his ' museum, 1051 Market at. ; his 80 years' .
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail. •• ■
HOUSES TO LET. 1
0 "TENEMENTS;"' 4 AND 5 ROOMS EACH;
O. rent if 10, *11, $14. 812 Jessie st, near Ninth,
key at grocery.
71 "I SUTTBR, NEAR TAYLOR — V KR V
•XX choice; elegant: spacious; reasonable.
APPRECIATED IF SEEN; CHOICE FOR
doctor or dressmaker. 829 Sutler, or. Jones.
970 THIRTEENTH — #15: 4 NEWLY PA-
—l — pered rooms: stable, barn, large, yard:
rented with or without stable.
TUNE SUNNY HOUSE: FRONT AND REAR
X yarJsfor flowers; charming location on quiet
street: clean and attractive; 7 rooms, bath,
laundry; unfinished bas ment; *30. DEMPSTER,
36 Glen Part aye., off Twelfth st.
Oil A HOUSE OF 6 LARGE ROOMS AND
<pxv/. yard. 917 Treat aye., near Twenty-
second st.
<EJI Q HOUSE Bla roe rooms and large
«iPx t>. yard. 212% Eleventh st.
1 A BOOMS PACIFIC HEIGHTS: ARTISTIC;
1" modern : furnished or not; or will sell one-
third cash, balance same as rent. The McCarthy
Co., 646 Market st.
OUSE— A MICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN & HAMMoNO, 10
Montgomery si. ' -
« niTA(,Ks 'ii» LIST.
tCQ H ATOM A— SO2JWY COTTAO»i 4 ROOMS I
t)t)u and bath; large yard: rent moderate.
Oi'T.vGK 4 SU.nJSV isOnMsl HALL AND |
basement: large yard and » fowlhouse. 123 ,
Euncea st., bet. Eighteenth «nil Nineteenth: Cas-
tro cable or Eighteenth-st. electric cars.
OTTAGE, BEAU OF 2939 MISSION ST.;
\J nil c rooms and stable; rent $8.
pOTTAGE; 3 SUNNY BOOMS: YARD: BASE-
yJ men 1 ; small family. la 3o Folsom. nr. Ninth.
FLATS TO LET.
fTHEAPEST^FLAT 3 IN^CrrYT^CORNER
\J Dolores and Twenty-third sts.: six rooms: bath
and latest Improvements; newly ' tinted, etc.;
electric cars pass; rent reduced from $30 to $22 50
and $20. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
"VTICE SUNNY FLAT (CORNER) . OF TWO
-L* rooms, 910; also one of 6 rooms and bath;
separate yard: very desirable: rent reduced. In-
quire store, 637 Bryant st., bet. Third and Fourth.
fIJ»U LOWER F',AT; 6 ROOMS. 375 SAN-
<©"• chez st., near Seventeenth. ___,
©1') SUNNY FLAT OF 5 ROOMS. APPLY
tJpXO. at 539 Howard st. : water free. •
PPER FLAT 3 SUNNY ROOMS. 123 SAN
Jose aye., near 1 wenty-third st-: rent $10,
OA PIERCE, Nil. HAIIiHT- SUNNY 6-ROOM
•*-iV/ upper flat: yard; reasonable.
©IX UPPER FLAT; 4 ROOMS; ALCOVE;
«IPX O. bath: latest Improvements 1312% Brod-
erick st., near Geary.
fflj I Q 'i HANDSOME NEW UPPER 4-ROOM
0 J O. flats; all modern. Sacramento and iirotl-
erick sts. . .
1 LAT, 6 SUNNY ROOMS; BATH: MODERN
I improvements; marine view. 1130\% Filberu
7A/"» ELLIS ST.— UPPER rLAT~OF 4 OB 5
I l/U rooms; furnished or unfurnished. ;•.„.,
lCln LKAVENWORTH ST.— FLAT OF 5
XO LV rooms; modern improvements; rent $18.
3 SUNNY FLATS— 4 AND i" ROOMS, BATH,
0 $22 and $15. 149 and 713 Grove st.
VINELTPEiI FLAT, 4 BOOMS, BATH, ETC..
1 922; lower fiat, 6 rooms, bath, laundry, large
yard, $25; both above in perfect condition; on
12th St., cor. Glen Park aye., 4 rooms, larce yard,
unfinished basement, opp. private park, $16.
DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye., off 12th si.
1 9qi TWENTY-FOURTH
X iOi and Twenty-fifth: 2 upper modern fiats:
5 rooms; $12 and $16.
9(41 A »UTTER — NICE SUNNY FLAT;
-*UK yard front and rear: rent $15.
ODKRN FLAT; 6 ROOMS; BATH. 4235
Twentieth s:., near Castro.
£.A.,> NINTH — BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5
O\J-j rooms and bath; rent low.
T OWES BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5 LARGE
XJ rooms. 30% Moss, off Howard, nr. Seventh.
DESIRABLE SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS, I
with bath and all modern improvements. |
1633 Bush st., bet. Franklin and tiough; rent, in-
cluding water, $42 50.
ACIT7 TWENTY-THIRD — LOWER FLAT;
t:v I I 100 feet from Castro cars: 4 rooms, bath
large yard; sun all day; rent $14; wa.er.free.
QIA 4-ROOM UPPER FLAT, ' HALF A
»JMI/. block from Third and Mission. Apply 15
Grant aye. ■■ • •
Q TO 7 ROOM AND BATH FLATS AND COT-
-0 tages. from $6 to $20. ..SPECK A. CO., 602
Market st.
IPILAT— A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS to
' rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery at.
ffij I 7 FLAT 5 ROOMS AND HATH. 1027
vp 1 I . Post at., near Pol*.
1 £07 STKINEK. NEAR SUTTEK— LOWER
XOKJ I flat 5 modern, large, sunny rooms: bath.
NEW FLAT, .6 ROOMS AND BATH; $12;
water free. 529 Ivy aye. •
"L' LEG ANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
Xj low Brrant. 5 and 0 room*, bath: $S 10 $16.
HOltsEkEEPl>ti KOOAIs. ~
i'.umi Street.
I 9AI BUSH-UNFUBNISHED ROOMS FOR
X£i\JX housekeeping; use of gas. '
9P19_1 BUSH ST.-2 or 3 SUNNY BOOMS
-■'tJ—'T: furnished for housekeeping.
Jfc-cldv stree..
9Q EDDY— SUNNY FRONT SUITE, SINGLE
—i) or double; also light housekeeping rooms;
reasonable. i
Eighth Street.
IAQ EIGHTH — HOUSEKEEPING ROOM,
X\JO with stove, $7. ■
tins Mreet.
COO U N URNI SHED PARLOR
O--U floor of 2, 3 or 4 rooms; suitable for doctor.
Fifth Street.
qi A FIFTH— V FRONT BAY-WINDOW j
tJXtr rm. : kitchen ; bath ; renovated: private; $12.
Howard Street.
£CqHOWAR P-2 OR 3 FURNISHED
\JOO rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
' . Hyde Street.
91 A HYDE— FRONT AND 2 OTHER
j-iX\J rooms for housekeeping.
Jones Street.
CAT JONES— PLEASANT SUNNY ROOMS
O\J<J housekeeping; furnished or unfurnished.
JLarkin Street. ,
DOG LARKIN— ANT SUNNY HOUSE-
•J~\J keeping aptmts: Ist floor; gas ranges; bath.
__9Q LARKIN - NICELY FUBNISHED
I£iO sunny housekeeping rooms: also single.
OA_l LABKIN— SUNNY FUBN'D BEDROOM
OV/tt and kitchen, $9; large furnished .back. $7.
McAllister Street.
71 A McAllister— 3 OR 4 SUNNY UNFUR-
I 11 nished rooms; bath; suitable for house-
keeplng. . . - .
Minna Street.,
P.AC. MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOB
O^XX) housekeeping; large yard.
J-iMilnii -treei.
Q/l 7 MISSION-FURNISHED ROOMS COM-
Vrt I . plete for housekeeping.
1 AKPL MISSION - FRONT ROOM AND
Xv/OO others complete for housekeeping- $8
and up.
~1 Oak street.
__Q OAK— HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS FOR RE-
jO spectable working woman; $6; private; aay
home for children. . .
11Q OAK— 2 FURNISHED SUNNY. ROOMS,
'XXV housekeeping or otherwise- also 2 unfur-
nished and bath; moderate.
- . Polk Street.
79r POLK-TWO RUNNY UNFURNISHED
I £d*J rooms, with cook stoves, reasonable.
O'lvarrell street.
9"! A O'FARRELL— FURNISHED AND UN-
11 furnished rooms for housekeeping. ■•
It ass Street.
1 A RUSS, OFF HOWARD. NEAR SIXTH— 2
X v furnished rooms-for housekeeping.
aeventh Stree... -
-1 OC SEVENTH-NICE SUNNY FTJKNISH- S
X «JU ed housekeeping rooms from $10 month up. I
"I 49 SEVENTH - NEWLY . RENOVATED !
1 1A rooms; suites and kitchen; also 2 rooms for
light housekeeping.
South Park. ■
1 n SOUTH PARK - FURNISHED HOUSE-
X U keeping suites $8 tosl2; 3 nnfnrnlshed $7.
Scott Street.
1 fil 4 . SCO , T^ OB * SUNNY; ROOMS: UN-
XUXI furnished; bath; garden: from $16; call
'third Street- : "" ~~~
009 THIBD-2 : SUITES HOUSEKEEPING
OVA rooms: running water; sunny ; porch; $8-$9.
;._' Turk' Street.
II TPRK - elegantly FURNISHED
1 LO suites, single rms; light hskpng privileges:
Twenty-sixth Street. ,: ; >',
1 1 51 TWENTY-siXTH ST.. NR. MlSSlON-
roomsfre/.fl'^/rrd.^ C ' eaD • hw " >ktep " I
; PK SESSIONAL CARDS.
tohnej^^halrds.lTwoffices. rooms
, X i *_. d 27 ,' Crocker . building; telephone Main
75. isan Francisco, Cal. : ■ -7^'. - -f . •; : t
JOHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHER,
O attys at law, rms 510,616. sth floor, Parrott bids.
KOOMSTO^JLJETj
->nt*h Stree-
£l C BUSH-NICE "DOUBLE FRONT ROOM;
DIP private family : 8. — -- ;'
'■ "^ Clement Street.
OOC CLEMENT ST.. COR FIFTH AYE.,
61' Richmond-! furnished sunny rooms; suit-
able for dentist's office; drugstore underneath.
Clementina Street.
r»r»r»A CLEMENTINA^FINE *.*• WITH OR
309 without board; family speak, 3 languages.
Q1 itt CLEMENTINA — DOUBLE SUNNY
Ol .03 front rooms to let. •
• ..-._,ii:lt street.
QHEBMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 2B BJH
0 st.. jear Market: lurm»ha>l and nnfurnlsnea.
l.iiis Sfeet.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 ELLIS-ELECTRIC
lights in every room: reading-room contains all
dally papers; open nil night: rooms, per night. d»o
tosl 50: week. $2 to $8: mouth. ?8 to $30; fir
escapes: elevator on office floor- r'ms for families.
rp HE RAMONA,I3O ELLIS: MRS. KATE ,*
1 MART, manager- A quiet house; centrally i»
cated: newly furnished: hot & cola wa -^
QOI ELI. IS, NKAK TAYLOB-FOft BESf
O^ I lodging we recommend the Kosedalejioi^se.
000 ELLIS (THL PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
611 CAJ.HOLN, prop.-First-class housekeep-
Ing. apartment and rooming house; BO rooms.
Fell Street.
K A 1 FELL— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED BOOMS .
OV/ob and use of kitchen; flO. '
Fifth street.
©1 WEEK: SUNNY SINGLE FURNISHED
<® X room; bath; closet; private. 314 Fifth st.
Fourth Street.
Oor FOURTH-FURNISHED ROOMS SUIT-
--*£«.? able for 2 gentlemen; »■> per month. ,
<
in»ry 00..
01 71 GEARY — LARGE FURNISHED OR
&X I 2 unfurnished rooms. Key at 217.
Cl Q GEARY— ELEG VNT BOOMS FOB OF«
i/lO flees, suites and single; sunny: bath.
7"|l GEARY— S UNFURNISHED SUNNY
111 rooms: roar: yard. ■ . _____
Q(\ I GEARY— N KWLY FURN PLEAS-
Ov/X ant room; reasonable; central; new corner
flat. ' ■*.
rpHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS; \
■ X handsomely furnished suites: single rooms: »10
month up. HOI Geary st., SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
liiiwHrii street.
Hf\A HOWARD ST., COR. THIRD—
lUr furnished suites and rooms; also house-
keeping. ■ '
Q I Q HOWARD— NICE ROOMS AND BATH
0 1 — from $4 to $6 a month. ' .-
-1 s )~l 71 HOWARD — LARGE ROOM SUlT-
l_il I 2 able for 1 or 2 men; gas, bath; private.
?"*■;': lijilc >r.reet.
QQO HYDE, NR. ELLIS — NICELY FUR-
£>€}£ nished sunny, room.; folding-bed; piano;
reasonable. - -
».».;.riiv >tree..
DA KEARNY— FRONT SUITE (FURNISHED) '
OvJ and single rooms; tourist solicited.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect; terms reasonable.
\\r E HAVE ROOMS TO RENT. CALL AT
'» Rental and Tourists' Guide, 639 Kearny st.
«i one* street.
mJONES-NICELY FURNIBHED LARGE
I sunny room; private.
O A 7 .' « —THE VAN WINKLE; NEW
&\J I management; elegant sunny suites and
tingle; newly furnished: bath, etc.; SlO to 830.
Lai kin Street.
1 AC LABKIN — NICELY FURNISHED SOT-
X\JO gle and double rooms; rent low. :
Q"! 7 L ARK IN — NICELY FURNISHED
VI. I rooms: single, double and housekeeping.
3ikrk>> -.lee..
"V OSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night, 35c to $1: week. ¥1 50 to 95: families.
.":'■- j.iun.i -itreet.
COn MINNA, cor. eighth— newly FUR-
UU I nished bay-window rooms: SJI a week.
Montgomery Avenue. -
__] Qa MONTGOMERY AYE.— NEWLY FUR-
ilu nished sunny rooms; every convenience;
$6 up. : ■
O'*arrell Street.
RIP. O'FAPRELL— COMFORTABLE HOME,
U-LU small Enilish family; excellent board op-
tional; reasonable.
Post Street.
70.C PORT— 3 SUNNY ROOMS, SINGLE AND
I \JO double: gentlemen only; terms reasonable.
• owed 'Street.
OOr POWELL, COR. GEARY— LARGE
__-> ) sunny front rooms.
San Carlos Avenue.
OOf> SAN CARLOS AYE.-6 ROOMS AND
-C-jU bath; water Included, $20.
Sl-ot w.-ii Street.
9J A SHOTWELL — FRONT PARLOR, $17
jl,"±\J with board; $7 without; furnished or un-
furnished.
~" Minis r««e . •■ . .
191 SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
XZjl nicely furuishea double and single rooms.
i uner 'tree..
7AQ SUTTER, COR. TAYLOR— ELEGANTLY
• \JO newly furnished sunny rooms; en suite or
single.
1 1 -1& SUTTER, COB. POLK— FINE SUNNY
XX "TO furnished rooms; reasonable; lighthouse-
keeping; transient. •
Taylor Street.
"I fiQ TAYLOR-LARGE DOUBLE PARLORS.
XV/t/820; single and double rooms. $1 25 and $2.
599 TAYLOR— F UP. NISHED SUNNY
— -- rooms; new throughout; thoroughly re-
spectable.
Tehama street.
AAQ. TEHAMA - LARGE SUNNY FRONT
rt^Kj room; well furnished; every convenience*
reasonable. - . : .
Tenth Street. > »'.-
O9__l TENTH — 2 SUNNY IXJRNISHED ' '
O^-rg rooms; »5 and $6.
Third Strees.
m THIRD— FRONT, SUNNY,.. NEWLY
XOX furnished room $6 and $8 per month.
Thirteenth Street.
990 THIRTEENTH, BET. HOWARD AND
-J^JO Mission— Single furnished front room. $5.
% un At ess Avonuit,
VTEWLY FUR. SUNNY ROOMS; MODERN
-Li flat; board optional. Inquire 808 Van Ness.
Miscellaneous..,. ~~
FULTON HOUSE. OPP. CITY HALL— FUR*
X nished rooms, single or en .suite: $8 and «16 no-
BOARDING AND KOOMS.
Hoft^EA^Y^TSuNNY SUITETwrrH^RI"
t/OO vate bath; suitable for a family; also sunny
single rooms; excellent French board.
707 ELLIS -WULL-FURNISHED FRONT
tot bay- window rooms, with or without board.
pOLUMBIA HOTEL- D. BUCKLEY, FORT
\J merly proprietor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
has purchased Hackme'.er's Hotel, and assures hie
patrons and the traveling, public that his former
reputation us a host will be outdone In his new
enterprise; Mr. Buckley's free buses meet ail
trains and boats. 123 to 129 Eddy st. ; meals 25c
mHE STEWART, COR. ELLIS AND LEAVEN.
-1- worth— Newly furnished rooms, suites or single.
HOTKL BKKTUNU. 714 i>LSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: all mod-
frn convenience*.
BOARDED.
\Y ANTED^BT^^IIETTi^C^^LiHrLXDYrr
"or 2 children to board or. a baby to raise;
mother's care given. . 208 Go.den Gate aye.
IDOW would LIKE a little Gißt
f » between 2i/j to C years of age to board.
Apply at 809 Baker st.
OFFICES TO LET.
O')Q1 SUTTEU, NR. JONE&— CHOICE FOR
vJ^.t7» ofllces and residence combined; reasona-
able.
OPRECKELS BUILDING. 927 MARKET—"
O Elegant sunny offices. 912 50 up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery at. .
STOKES TO LET. . ~~~
STORE TO LET IN THE TOWN OF HAY.
wards; best location; suitable for any kind of
business. For Information write to J. K. NISSEN.
_•_________;. . SIOKAIiE. — — —
STO^A^E^JhEA^PEstTST T^ETITYTFIRa^
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
rp H. BOONEY. 7112 MISSION— STORAGE AT -
X reduced rates: basement storage.gl 50 per load
JtURNITURE. PIAiSOS, ■ TRUNKS; AD."
vancea, shipping. CHAS. L. TA YL0R.204 Post.
LOWEST RATES— FURNITURE, P I AN OS."
household goods, etc J. M. :*<erce, 735 Market.
A B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS~
. low rates: proof bnlldini:: Eastern ■ plan!
: ._; BAGGAGE }. TKAXSFERJ r
TRUNKS MOVED, 25 CENTa COMMERCIAL
X Transfer Company. 43 Sutter «. ; telephone
main 49; keep your checks for us. »v"«o»CITY BEAL ESTATE^ [
GH. UMBaiSN A CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Office and salesrooms, 14 Montgomery St., near
Market.
BARGAINS JUST RECEIVED.
MISSION; SOLID INVESTMENT. „„,,„„
•oonhn orbof THE BUST CORNERS
Sbid.UUU. on Howard St.: A No. 1 Improve-
ments; rent $156 50 per mouth; 66x122:6.
MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE. _
<2*9nnn P»ICE ukduced TO this low
O— UUU. figure to make an Immediate sale;
lot on Sanchez St., jus off Market: 25x100.
NORTH BEACH: CHEAP HOUSE
C;O?,nn GREENWICH BT.j HOUSE OF 7
{JioOUU. rooms and rear house of 4 rooms;
ma st be sold to close an estate.
MISSION COTTAGE: *A C IUFICE
v.- i ( \l\f\ CLIPI'KK sT— will KNTERTAIN
. v i'H'U.iu, offer: cotugo of 4 rooms and
bath; 26x114; small amount cash.
FINE DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
O')k fthA WELL LOCATED ON WASH-
» v _ .>.UUU. ington St.; Iron and brick lm-
provemeuts; paying handsome interest on invest-
ment.
WESTERN ADDITION-FINE INVESTMENT
CORNER.
a-aaa WANT OFFER; NICE CORNER
«C* i\J\J\J. to on Hayes s.; good location for
grocery or any business.
FINE MISSION IN% T ESTMENT.
j,ia "'nf\ MUST •BE SOLD— 6 CORNER
«^>IU.OUU. fla.s: rent $111; near Market and
Valencia; both streets accepted.
SUBSTANTIAL WESTERN ADDITION IN-
VESTMENT.
'>--/i 2 FLATS ON STEINER ST., 27:6 x
OOIOU. no.
OFFER WANTED ON THREE LOTS.
g>»»r-/^ j TWENTY-FIRST Sl'., NEAR CAS-
%!>— O>)\J. tro; 25x114 each; command nice
views; street-work done: all ready to build on.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
©9 inn NEAR ELLIS AND DEVI-ADERO-
I £~i\J\J. sts.-2-story house of 10 rooms; 2&x90.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
Ig-Aan RENT $70 PKR MONTH: VAL-
4»JvM7. lejo si., near Powell: from and rear
buildings, in good condition; arranged In tene-
ments.
CORNER INSIDE INVESTMENT.
GjOO f\f\(\ CORNER ON WASHINGTON
— O.UUU. sU; brick improvements.
MISSION INVESTMENT—
C;97^n INVESTMENT ON 23D ST.: 2-
iJrZflOU. stor- house. In store and flat of 6
rooms and bath above; brick foundation; rent $32.
WESTERN ADDITION.
<il><Z.{\n DOUBLE HOUSE; FELL ST.; 6
OOOUU. and 7 rooms and bath, each; rent
$60; 55x137:6
cjwnnn substantial home ON
5J — V/UU. Greenwich st. of 7 rooms and bath.
RICHMOND CORNER.
i^nrrrn stoke and 3 ROOMS; good
O~ 1 O\J. business location.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOT.
CL'Qinn WASHINGTON ST. ; UNOB-
«J>OIUU. structed mar.ne view; 27:6x127:8.
POTRERO LOT.
(jran KANSAS ST.; 40x100.
MISSION RESIDENCE-SACRIFICE.
<JQ/| n A TORY BAY-WINDOW resi-
rJ)OUUU. deuce of 9 rooms and bath; all mod-
ern conveniences; unobstructed marine view; fine
surroundings: choice corner on Guerrero and Lib-
erty sts.; 50x92:6.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
C; 1 fWfl EACH; ELIZABETH ST. CLOSE TO
OIUOU Castro St.: 26x114 each.
JERSEY STREET FLATS.
>»:•>' inn REDUCED FROM $3500 TO MAKE
— O\J\J. a quick sale: two flats of 4 and 5
rooms each; rent $27; 25x114.
SOUTH SIDE INVESTMENT-
«i innn rev $44: 4 tenements on
tJIUUU. Clementina st;, near 6th.
STERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
(^QirjA CLoSh: TO o'farrell and bu-
♦„ Olv/U. chanan sts.: bay-window cottage of
6 rooms and bath; 25x9U; street accepted.
MISSION INVESTMENT CORNER.
CiTOnn \v ANT AN OFFER; CORNER ON
»iP i\jyi\J. 22d st., near Howard; nice 2-story
building of 8 rooms and hath: could be raised at a
small outlay and store put un lerneath and made
to pay a handsome interest: 30x^5:6.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
SO A f\(\(\ COR. ON EDDY ST., FACING
— \J.\J\J\'. park; elegant residence of 12
looms and bath: wineroom and all modern con-
veniences: conservatory; 40x120 to rear street; '
mortgage of $12,000.
WESTERN* ADDITION— CHOICE FLATS. ' Ci «
*47nnil ' OWNER ANXIOUS TO SKLL AND
<£> I ' IMF, would probably take less: Steiner st.:
well located; 2 modern fiats of 5 and 6 rooms and
lot 27 :6x103.
BARGAIN IN A MISSION COTTAGE.
*fil9Qfin GREATLY RKDUCED; COTTAGE
O — D\J\J. of 4 rooms 25x76; small amount
cash; monthly payments.
SALE COMPULSORY.
fl(\n CORNER LOT on mission ROAD
«IPJ.UI'U. having a frontage of 268:6 feet by a
depth of 109 feet; electric cars pass the property;
fine speculation; this property must be sold before
July 15. •
POSITIVELY A SACRIFICE.
<2>7^n TWENTY-FIFTH AND VALENCIA
© I U\J. streets: gore corner; 46x28. See this
at once.
Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Records,
which contain a list of properties for sale in all
parts of the City.
G. H. UMB3EN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
CA*EE BKOTHEKS, '■ ~
ill BEAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS, *
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
WILL BELL AT AUCTION PRICE.
©99*^0, WALLER, NEAR MASONIC AYE..
O— — O\J. 25x149, extra deep; good neighbor-
hood: Improving all the time. An offer suiting
the times will get the lot.
THREE FINE FLATS FRONTING A PARK.
Oil 9 (\f\Ci THREE FLATS, FRONTING
i- A .\J\J\J . Jefferson square, north side of
street: lot 27 :9x12U. to rear street; all conven-
iences; sunny, desirable home; rents $1068. Such
a property, so well located, Is rarely to be had.
GOOD INCOME PROPERTY.
SSI R nnn Howard-street business
«]D-IU.UUtf. property, near Fourth; 4 stories;
store and three flats; rents $1560; this part of
the city holds Its own equal to any, and this prop-
erty is in the heart of It: lot 25x80; building and
street work all in good condition.
' OFFER WANTED TO CLOSE ESTATE.
a? jnnn DE long aye., near golden
<3T^tvvlJ. Gate Park; dwelling of 8 rooms, bath
large basement, brick foundation, etc.
CHEAP RESIDENCE LOT.
G» 1 Qnn GOLIJEN GATE AYE., NEAR
tIDIOUU. Baker st.; 25x237:8; street macad-
amized and sewered; cement sidewalk; lot level
and neighborhood built up.
CHEAP WijrrEEN ADDITION 60-VARA.
©17 f\(\C* 137:6x137:6, WITH SUBSTAN-
«ID -L • iUUv. tlal but plain residence: In heart
or Western Addition, near Flllmore st.; suitable
and ready f«>» ilegant residence or subdivision.
:. MoAjfTgE BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
©10 QQQ SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
T>USINESS CORNER, NW. POST AND LA-
-L> guna streets; rent $79 50. Go and see this at
once, as It Is a particularly choice piece. O'FA K-
KELL & CO., 11 Montgomery St.
\V E HAVE BUILDING LOTS FROM $75 UP;
t t $10 down, $10 per month: all level and ready
to build on; call for our list before you buy
O'FARRELL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
MUST BE SOLD— S37SO; LOT NORTH SIDE
Page st., near Laguna; 2 frontages; reduced
from $6600. ' ■
AN INVESTMENT NEAR MARKET ST —
$12,000; lot and Improvements reduced from
$17,600; Taylor St., near Market: can be further
Improved to pay good interest: Investigate.
O'FAKUELL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
OMES THB ~—
HKYMAN TB>.Ol-HTSYMAN TRACT
At prices and tercs to suit your circumstances:
finest resident, location in the city: streets trailed
\ver«K: Soring Valley water piped: a m k-
i;ific T.-»r, a healthy locality and a good n-lgn-
norocio^,^:nni-j '.i and talk It over: we can arrange
terms aiid plans lust: as you wish them ; over 60
tomes built: 150 lots already sold: take Castro-st.
car to 22d St., or Minsion-8.. car, transferring at
22d st. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
Q.-1 (\Zf\ WILL BUY NEAT 4-ROOM COT-
•S* i.Ut)VI tage, hard finished; large biuiement,
including level lo:: $150 down, $16 monthly: near
M isslon-at. oars. JACOB HKYMAN, 11 MonUy.
BUILDING AND INVESTMENT LOIS FROM
$75 up, on $6 monthly payments. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st. : - .
111CHM0ND x)ISTHICT BAKGAINK ~~
JOINT LOBOS, CLIFF HOUSK. . 4 1ST, 42D
-I and 4'daves.: choice lots on electric-car line.
G ORE LOT; 550 FKKT MAIN FRoNTAGKS
" I on Point Lobos. Cliff House, 42d and 43d ayes.
BERN AL HEIGHTS GIFT MAP LOTS, COR.
beige) and Powbatian aye. ; easy payments.
C. H. REYNOLDS" A CO..
.' 323 Montgomery st. „
\ N ELKGANT 2-STOBt 7-ROOJI HOUSE:
••'* just finished; up to date -Improvements; elec-
tric cars pass i be door: price $3500; small amount
down; balance , easy payments. Apply at prem-
lsi s. 2309 Bryant at., between Slat and 22d. :
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON <fe BURKE, REAL fISTATH
Agents; established 1868: 626 Market su
rtEARY-ST. BUSINESS CORNER. NEAR
LT Taylor: lot 28x62:6; present Improvements
lay in? good income; price reduced to $20,000 ;
me of the best opportunities to secure a downtown
ness corner.
©1 r \ C\(\(\ KENT $1584 PER ANNUM;
(JpA«J.\JUvJ. excellent Improvements lot 60x
120; two fronts; Sutler St., near Buchanan.
©1 9 OHO magnificent BUSINESS
«D-l^.Vv/U. corneron FUlmore sU, 29:6x100,
entirely covered with substantial improvements;
large store; first-class location for grocery.
POST ST., NEAR JONES; LARGE HOUSE IN
■1 class condition; 10 rooms and bath; only
5.000.
HOME ON HAVES ST.: ON",Y $3000 ASKED;
1.1 an offer solicited; 6 rooms and bath; lot
25x72:6; sunny side.
CHOICE CALIFORNIA-ST. HOME, SUNNY
V^ side, near Steiner; 2 frontages: terms easy:
will take lot In part payment: owner leaving city.
®£9n' i STEINER ST., NEAR PINE; NEW
<rU».V '. cottage Just completed; 6 rooms and
bath; 25x103:6.
PARK RESIDENCE: FELL ST.. NR. LOTT;
rooms and bath: all modern conveniences;
25x137:6; only $7250. MADISON & BURKE. .
C&C&ftn WASHINGTON, NEAR DEVISA-
3DOUUI'. dero— 7 rooms and bath: conserva-
tory; lot 25x127:8. MADISON it BURKE.
CM Aft EVERKIT, BET. 3D AND 4TH;
«Js-IDUU. 4 nice flats: rents $56; lot 37:6x80.
QGnnn page, near BRODERir:K: HESI-
«S>DUUU. dence of 7 rooms and bath : lot 25x
b7 :6. MADISON it BURKE.
m-AAA 4 FLATS: STEVENSON ST., NEAR
ij)OUUU. Ridley: rents $44; lot 26x77:6.
street accepted. MADISON & BURKE.
C^i7f\f\f\ RUBS. NEAR FOL8OM; 2 HOUSES,
£> i IM'U. 50x100; well rented for $63 per
month; part of lot still vacant.
<t'99nn 9TH AYE., NR. CALIFORNIA: 2
•,__""' flats 4 rooms aad hath each; rents
$26; lot 25x120.
mQfinn RENTS $336 per annum-, 8
«poUUU. flats; Natoma, nr. First; 23:6x75.
CJ99HH REDUCED; LARGE INCOME;
tjP-i^UU. Shipley, nr. 6th; 2 flats: lot 25x76.
Ql TOO CORTLAND AYE., COR. BEN-
t£ 1. i\J\J. ninKton; store and 4 rooms and stable
for 3 horses; lot 25x100.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
60x190; Waller, near Scott; '-' frontages: will sell
In subdivisions.
f4fiOO— 24tb, NE. cor. Vicksburg; 50x114.
$4000—65x117:6: SE. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
*J7UO-Brod rick. nearßusti: E. side: 30x103.
$3260— Hayes, nr. FUlmore: 25x187:6.
$2400— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 20:6x105.
$2200— Lyon. near Grove; 25x1
$2050— Ridley, near Scott: 25x117:6.
$2000 each— aio.s on Bush, near Broderick; re-
dun d from $3000.
$180 '—Noe. near 18th: 25x110.
$1300— 19 th, near Sanchez: 25x114.
$1000— Hancock, near -anchez; 25x114.
*800— Pt. Lobos. nr. 28th aye.; 26x100.
Madison a burke, 626 Market st.
A. H. Lissak. O. F. Yon Khkin.
OF. YON RnEIN 4 CO., REAL ESTATE
• Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 513
California street.
$15,000— McAllister, near Buchanan; 53:9 x
137:6: 2 flats, store and coalyard; rents $106.
11.000— Page, near Octavia; 27x120 to Lily
aye. ; 2-story flats; 15 rooms and 2 baths: rents
$60.
$9000— Jones, near Greenwich: 40x137:6: 4 new
bay-Aindow flats Of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each ;
rents $95.
$8000— Folsom, near 16th; 60x101; 3-story
house; 20 rooms; rents $55.
$4000— Antonio, near Jones; rear to above lot;
; 22xt55:9: I flats: 10 rooms: rents s3o.
$7000— Chestnut, near Dupont; 40x122:6 to
Pfeifter; double 2-story house on each frontage:
rents $64 ; will sell either frontage.
$6000— Oak. near Laguna: 27:6x126 to rear
street: 2-story nouse, 7 rooms and bat rents
$32 50.
00— Pacific st., near Hyde: 23x80: front
house 2 flats, 10 rooms and bath: rear house 4
rooms: rents $43.
$6000— Vallejo, near Sansome; 36x67:6; 4-story
tenements; rents $57.
$6000— Chenery, near 30th ; . 125 ; rear;
street on railroad: 123x125; 2 houses
$5500— Ellis, near Buchanan: 25:9x60: brand-
new cottage; all modern Improvements; 6 rooms
and hath.
$5200— Vallejo, near Leaven worth: 43:9x137:6:
twotront and one rear bouse; 16 rooms ana oath;
rents $16.
$6000— San Jose aye., near 24th st ; 27x175; 8
rooms and bath; fine grounds.
$5000— Jones, near Greenwich; 22:6x137:6; 3-
story residence: 10 rooms.
$4250-Broderlck and Clay; 27:6x100; 2-story
bouse: 6 rooms and batn.
$4000— Bryant, near 4th; 20x80; 2 -story house
of 9 rooms and ba.h.
$3000— Bartlett, near 26th; 25x75; 2-story
bouse. 7 rooms and bath. '
$3800— Jiau Carlos aye.. near 21st st.; . 22:6x75:
2-story house, 2 flats, 7 rooms; $2550.
$3500— Goufth and. Lombard; 68x84; private
residence. .
$3300— Larkln. bet. Filbert and Greenwich; 2-
story house: 7 rooms and bath; rent $27 60; easy
terms: 22:8x99.
83000— Pacific, near Hyde: 20x73; 2 flats: rents
$26.
$3000— Himmelman, through to Salmon; 20x60;
house on eacn frontage; rent $29.
$2850— Broadway, near Leavenworth: 22:11 x
137 :6; rear house and stable.
$2600— Le Roy place, near Sacramento St.; 22:4
x 58:9: 2-story house, 2 flats, 10 rooms: rents $20.
$2400— Kennebec, near Jefferson; 60x70; Gift
Map No. 2; 1 cottages; 9 rooms and bath: rent $-2.
— Moulton, near Montgomery and Green;
22:6x62:6: 2-story house: 2 flats; rents $18.
$1350— Lincoln, near Jones; 22x70; cottage, 6
rooms.
$1300— Greenwich, near Montgomery. 43:2 x
75; one 2-story and 2 cottages.
UNIMPROVED.
$7000— Filbert, near Leaven worth: 75x87:6;
will subdivide into 3 lots.
Valencia, near 26th-su railroad station; 61x
117 :6 to an alley.
Dolores, from 27th to Army ; 3 lots on 27th and
6 lots on Dolores.
$4bOO-23d and Florida: 75x104.
$2250— Clay, near Baker: 25x105.
$1900— 25 th, near Noe; 60x114; will subdivide.
$1-200—4 lots; Ocean road, near 24th; 100x80.
$1200— Cor. B and 25tn aye.; 60x188.
$1000— Homestead, near 25th; 60x250 through
to Kllen.
$1000— Edith or Church place, near Dupont st.
20x65 to rear street.
$900— Hancock, bet. Sanchez and Noe: 25x114.
$800— Park Lane Tract; 2 lots, block R, Serpen-
i tine road.
! $700— Silver aye., near Craut; 50x109; College
| Homestead.
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Church, near 26th ; 100x100.
Twenty-seventh, near Noe: 160x1 40.
Twenty-eighth, near Sanchez; 2 lots, each 25:8 x
114.
JOHN t-FORR, 329 MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
O Safe Deposit, offers for sale:
$20,000— Hayes st.: 2 stores and flats and rear
houses: lot 40x120 feet; rent $150.
McAllister St., east from Buchanan;
27:6x120 to street in rear; with double flat, bay-
window: rent $50.
$20,000— Geary st.; fine corner property; stores
■and dwellings; paving $140 rent.
$32,600— Eddy -st. property, near Mason; rent-
ing at $160.
$32,500— Fine downtown O'Farrell-st. business
property; rents $160.
$3900— 2-story 6-room house, In fashionable
neighborhood.
Cheap— Masonic avenue, north of Frederick
St.; lot 25x106:3; all on the grade. -
$6bOo— Fine corner, near Ellis and Webster:
2-story: bay-window: lot 24x95; rent $40.
$2000— 30 th St.; 5-room bouse; lot 25x125.
$3000— Natoma eu ; 2-story; 8 rooms; lot 25x70:
rent $30.
if 'Of; 500— A snap; the NW. corner of Mission
and 17tb sts.; a block of 2-story bay-window
houses; 3 stores and 3 flats of 6 and 6 rooms and
batbPHcb; also 2 5-room cottages on 17th St.; lot
66x100; rent $2280 per annum.
$3000— 7 th st., near Brannan; lot 25x76, with
Improvements: renting at $30.
$2000—6 rooms and bath; house, corner 26th St.,
near Valencia.
UNIMPROVED.
$3200— Halgbt St., near Baker: 25 or 60 by 110,
$3100— on Flllmore St.: 24x82.
91250—25x80; 24th St.. near .Dolores.
$»00— Noe St., near 80th; lot 36:6x78.
$3600— Lot 75x100 feet; cor. 19th and Eureka
sts.; make offer. ■' ■ - .
A K "OPPORTUNITY FOR INVESTORS; $250
fas',!, balance about same as rent: we will sell
a lovely cottage of five : or six rooms for actual
amount of mortgage. |
GUCflft CASH, $2000 IN PAYMENTS, BUYS
»JpT)UU lovely 6-room modern cottage;' block
from night at. -
I CM (\(\f\ CASH, $860 ON MORTGAGE, BUYS
V 1"U v 2 flats and rear cottage, near Hyde at.
Qoexn BUYS TWO LOVELY NEW FLATS
<jJ)OUi)V/ near Seventeenth at.; rented, $30.
CM 7AA BUYS 3 NEARLY NEW FLATS
: 'iP^IUWon a carline only few blocks from
I City Hall ; rented, $47.
i <3C 1 1 (\(\(\ COR.: 6 FLATS (NEW) ON CAR
0 11 .UUU line- rented, 116.
Oil (\ E.(\f\ PROPERTY WITH 2 FRONTS,
O-L U . O UU within block of Baldwin: rent $105.
Other food bargains.
A. M. SPt.CK A CO., 612 Market st.
■nEAUTIKUL~DEVIBADK"RO-BT. HOME; A
XI snap;. large lot with stable In rear; everything
thoroughly modern; see us about this.
$3750— sixie-iuh st., near Market; 7-room
house: almost new; cos: $30U0 to build.
: , J. W WBli-HT A CO., 628 Market sU
ONLY $250 EACH, $*6 DOWN AND $5
monthly, for a fine lot in Boulevard block 722;
electric roal to pass this block; don't fall to secure
one of these lots; they area bargain. JACOB
HtVMAN, 11 Montgomery st. • ■
\\TK A HIS OFFERING FOB BALK A BAR-
" gain In a Valencla-st. lot. McEVVEN BROS.,
118 Montiiomery st.
COMPLETE 6ET. OF REAL KH-
ti'te b ock: books. B. 8.. box 30, Call Office.
Ij^Oß< HALE-COTTAGE. 6 ROOMS: BATH •
T 10t27J/ 2 x109%: price #3260. 2810 Octavia
St., near Union. - ■ . ■
1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
CITY REAL ESTATE
RICK~BvThDIS(3.
PAYS BIG INTEREST.
39000— Stockton-st. business property: 2-story
hrick build inc. containing store and liai above;
large lot; one tenant will take 5-year lease at $70,
water extra.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
EW MODERN RESIDENCES.
SMALL. CASH PAYMENT:
BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
See those handsome new 2-story bouses on Cole
st., nr. Waller; prices, $6000 and $6500: 10 rooms
and bath each; all the latest conveniences; sub-
stantially constructed. mw^irnHjiiagai
BALDWIN <t HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st,
OWNTOWN BARGAIN. .■ • -■- ■
O FARRELL ST., NR. LAKKIN.
$6500— Two-story house; at a small expenditure
could be made to pay well; good place for store.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
•■■ ■■ ■, : 10 Montgomery st.
UST LISTED. ~ ~ "
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
$1500— Stevenson- st. flat. be;. Herman and
Thirteenth; small flats: always rented; street
bltumlnized. BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
• ■ ". : ' 10 Montgomery at.
TUST THINK lif IT. ■ -~ •
O LESS THAN $90 PER FRONT FOOT. •
$2500— A fine large lot; Bush St., sunny side,
near Scott; 27:6x187:6: street bitumlnlztd.
BALDWIN * HAMMOND, -
- ■ ■ ■ 10 Montgomery st.
OWARD ST.. :
BET. THIRD AND FOURTH.
$5500— Lot 25x8U: house of 9 rooms and bath.
BALDWIN <fe HAMMOND,
. 10 M (■II ■' ■111-TV st.
RODERICK ST., ~7~~~
BET. KIiDY AND TURK.
$7260— Double 2-story house of 7 and 7 rooms
and bath; rent $60; lot32xlOU.
BALDWIN * HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
pHEAP LOTS. : •
$1600— Cheapest lot in the Mission; 21st St., nr.
FoSsom; 25x110.
$550— 20 th are., nr. Point Lobos; 25*120.
$6 o— Very cheap: north side of Point Lobos
aye., bet. 27ih and 28th ayes.: 25x100.
$5150— A genuine bargain: Broadway, bet.
Fraukliu and . Uough sts. : lot 31x100; marine
view.
*14OO— Hve., nr. Point Lobos: 60x100.
82260— Fine lot on north side of McAllister St.,
bet. Baker and Lyon; 26x187:6: easy terms.
BALDWIN 4 HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
ARK LOTS.
___ $50 CASH.
$10 MONTHLY.
Lots in the block bounded by H and I streets,
9lh and 10th avenues; faces the Park at 9th
avenue entrance.
The most desirable lots In the city at the
prices; all streets graded: sidewalks laid: every
lot level and on grade with street ; water and gas
mains laid to property.
ONLY $750 UPWARD.
810 BARGAINS. GOOD INVESTMENTS.
, BALDWIN A HAMMOND.
10 Montgomery st.
NAPS ON EASY TERMS.
LOTS FOR HOME BUILDERS.
Location unsurpassed. .
Lots $350 to S4UO.
Terms — $5 cash. $5 monthly.
Streets graded, sewered and macadamized.
\Vater piped 10 every lot.
Take the uuerrero-su electric cars (Mission or
Valencia transfer at 14th), ride to I'hen'-ry and
Castro sts ian d see the Castro-su Addition. No
lots In the city so good for the price, either for in-
vestment or home site.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND.
10 Montgomery st.
ARKIN-ST FLATS.
AT A GREAT SACRIFICE.
$7750— Rent, $67: 3 flats of 6, 6 and 6 rooms
and bath each; lot ?6xloo.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND.
10 Montgomery st.
HAINWALD. BI'CKBKE A CO., itKAL £0-
TATE AGENTS,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
$8500— Jackson St., N. side, bet. Buchanan and
Webster; very good 2-story house of 8 rooms and
bath; cheap; lot ..oxll7 feet to rear street.
$7000— Handsome modern residence in Golden
Gate Park District; Belvedere si., near Frederick:
10 rooms, bath and basement; convenient and
modern in every respect; lot 25x121:6 feet.
$3500— Alabama St., near Twenty-first; 2-story
cottage of 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x10u ft.; cheap.
$&00— California St., north side, bet. 9th and IOUi
ayes-; lot 25x100 feet; easy terms.
$600— Lake st., near Bth aye. : 26x72 ft.; cheap:
$6300— SW. corner on Webster St., below Geary.
very (jood 2 story and basement house of 8 rooms
and* bath and stable; lot 24x93:6 feet.
$1400- Very cheap; Lou St., nr. Golden Gate
aye. ; 25x100 feet; $400 mortgage can remain at
6Vji Percent. ■
500— Californla-su corner residence: con-
tains It) large rooms and bath; lot 31:4 Vis fee:
front. -
$10,000— Pacific aye., N sldn; 2 good houses:
rent $60; let 47:4x100 feet; lot alone is wortn the
price asked. .
$5150— Capp st., nr. 22d; new modern flats of 4
and 6 rooms and bath each; rents $45; lot 25x
122:6 feet.
$7000 — Price reduced: NE. cor. Pine and Laguna
fits.: very good house of 9 rooms and bath; street
accepted: sidewalk stone; a bargain.
$7500— Price reduced from $9000: very good
modern 2-story house of 9 rooms and bath; Wash-
ington St., near Broderick; rt-et bitumen; side-
walk stone; mortgage $3SOu, can remain; lot 25x
127:8
$5600— Bosh and Brodericfc sts.: cottage
of 8 rooms and bath; large lot, 34x100 feet; lot
alone is worth the price asked ; the lait of a row of
4 cottages; the other 3 have all been sola within
the past month.
Twentv-flrst St.. north line, near Hamp-
shire, Mission warm belt; lots 25x84:6.
-Twenty- lirst St., near Hampshire; lot
26x70.
$1250— Stevenson st., near 14th, sewered and
macadamized : 25x65 feet
$6500— BW. cor. on Webster st-: two-story and
basement of 8 rooms: bath; stable, etc.; lot 24x
93:6: rents $40.
$2600— Richmond cottage: W. line of Bth aye.,
near California at.: almost new; 4 rooms and bath;
7-foot basement; lot 25x120.
$2400— Sunny side of Clay st., near Lyon; 25:6 x
90. or 2 lots at the same rate.
$3500— Seymourave., between Scott and Devlsa-
d<-ro and Turk and Golden <<ate aye.; substantial
2-story bouse of 6 rooms and bath; street bitu-
men; sidewalk atone; lot 25x90; 21000 cash, bal-
ance in monthly payments of $20 If desired.
$2500 each— 3 lots on Sacramento, near Lyon:
street work all done and accepted by the city; lots
25x1<:2.
$2250— Lyon, near Clay: lot 25x112:5.
The above is only a partial list. We will be glad
to furnish a complete list on application.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
218-220 Montgomery si.. Mills building.
OUSE AND LOT; 5 ROOMS: BAT CO -
servatory; cellar; garden; cheap. 2439 Lar-
kin st.
IPOR SALE— CHEAP: NEW MODERN COT-
-1 tage 5 rooms, bath Sanchez St., nr. 24th; easy
terms: lot 26x100. H. FEIGE Jr.
fflj I U^f\~ HOUSES BUILT ON INSTALL-
ED . UOU. nient plan of 4 rooms and bath: one
block from Mission st., bet. 29th and 30th; small
deposit required. * all at DEWKY COFFlN.agent,
in cigar-store, 29th and Mission sts.
ISSION COTTAGES.
In the warm belt near terminus of Howard-st,
cars at 24th st. and Potrero aye. : all street work
finished; terms to mill: five sold this month by
F. NKLBON, builder, on premises:
$2('oo— Five-room cottage.
Five-room cottage.
' $1800— Four-room cottaze.
$1600 — Four-room cottage.
$1400— Four-room cottase.
01.07AA FINK PLACE FOR A TEAMSTER,
<]?O<V/v. near Bryant and Sixth sts.: 2-story
house of 7 rooms: stable for 4 horses and 3 wagons;
street accepted size 37 :flxBo. JAMES W. COLE-
MAN, 24 Montgomery st.
SOL GJSTZ A BROTHER,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Boom A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
. WE BEAT THEM ALL.
Lower prices, easier terms and best locations.
Our Installments ore easier than rent.
ff»-| fin TO $250— LOTS CAN BE BUILT ON
tJpIUV/ at once: near Mission and San Mateo
Electric Car lines; only *5 monthly payments.
■ -.■.-■• ' HOL OETZ «fc BROTHER.
djj 7 C 1 0 $1200— BEST LOCATED LOTS NEAR
•„ I O electric lines, north and south of park;
beautiful view of park, ocean, strawberry Hill, op-
posite new music grounds, and Affiliated Colleges;
.96 and $10 monthly payments.
tiuli GKTZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL. GETZ it BROTHER, Owners,
Boom A, First Floor, Crocker Buldlng.
CCBEMIR, '
• iUiAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
824 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR bALE
$2600— E. side of stanyan st., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet. tf'""« fti >mjaag
$450— san Carlo* Villa lot: 100x190 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st, overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000— modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
pars: 26x137 :tt feet: electric road passes houses;
make offer. 'mintMlW'iWlHiiimiDß'H |lW|i"H>Mii'«wiji»i
$2500— 2-story 8-roorned bouse on - Harrison st*
bet. First ana Fremont.
$8500— Elegant N W. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
Shoo— Choice building lota north of park.
YOB SALE: HEAL ESTATE BY PACIFIC
.JT Bunk, for cash; parties seeking Investments In
City or country property, will find this a good op-
portunity for bargains. Apply at office, 530 Cal-
fornia St., M. F. . ■ ••
WNER .MUST LEAVE THE CITY; WILL
sell at a great sacrifice for cash; SW. 1 cor. Fol-
som and 21stRts., 95x90 ft. '-' ■ •
SW. COR. 20TU A TREAT AVK., 25x110 FT.
- ALSO 60x100 FT. N. SIDE PAGK ST., 37
feet from Shrader, bet. Bhrader and Stanyan sts. ;
offer wanted. Inquire 1205 Market st. •
CITY real ESTATE.
Downtown ixvkstmkkt! FINK FLATS.
'fine plats,
pays over 1o PER CENT.
il (A. Ann : 2SIORKSANDBFLATBNEAR
lIU.UUU. Larkln and California; rents for .
9140 per month; substantial tliree-storv building;
first-class condition; brick foundation: always
rented; this property la well worth $22,500.
.-ASTON, ELDIUDGE <fc CO.,
638 Markets.
TTANDSUME RESIDENCE. -.5... '
JOLoVEULOOKLNOTUEPAKKPANiIANDLE
AT A SAC 111 PICK.
'7'^nfl MODERN RESIDENCE OF 12
) I O\J\' , rooms and bath on Lyon &t.. . near ' \
Oak; In splendid condition; only four years old; j ,
cost over $9500; will take part payment In San ,
Rafael property. " '
EASTON, ELDRIDGK & CO..
638 Market St.
A SUBSTANTIAL INVESTMENT. -
A. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
ON PACIFIC STREET.
<3tl fi (\f\C\ A SUBSTANTIAL 2-STORY I
<IplU.U"l/. brick building, containing theater, .
lodging-house of 12 rooms and 2 basements; large '
lot 26x167 :iJ; rents $100 per month.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st.
A COZY COTTAGE. .
XL MUST BE SOLD.
EASY TERMS. .
'1 C\(\(\ A COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS. HARD-
Hp 1 \J\J\J • finished. In good condition, on Cheru- '
busco si., near tort land a vi. ; a blocks from Mis- '
s:ou-street electric cars; lot 25:8x70.
EASTON, ELDRIDUE A CO.,
. 638 Market st.
VINE FLATS
XI IN THE WESTERN ADDITION.
AT A SACRIFICE.
Qftfiflfi A PAIR .'F KLKOAXT MODERN
pUvUV. flats of 5 and 7 rooms and bath: well
built and in good condition: brick foundation, hlch
basement, etc.; only 4 years' old: cost $80110: ,
choice neighborhood: always rented: lot 25.x 137. 6
feet, EASTOIf ELDRIDNE A CO.. I
6SB Market st.
A SACRIFICE. -
■A. MUST BE SOLD.
* .?■ ■ ACCOUNT FORECLOSURE.
lf\f\l\ A SUBSTANTIAL TWO-STORY
JtvuV, house 8 rooms, bath and high base- |
ment: also stable; large lot 30x115 feet; on 15th I
St., half a block nor. h of Market; mortgage $3000
can remain. EASTON, ELDKIDGE & CO., ••;•
-•■■■:■.■ < - 638 Market st.
SPECIAL BARGAINS. .
£> CHOICE LOTS.
BEDROCK PRICKS.
$4500— Pacific aye.. near Baker: 27:6x127:6.
$3600— Two choice lots on Presidio Heights; 50
x 127:8.
*3500— Ellis St., nearStelner; 1:5x137 :6.
$3000— Page St., near Steiner: 25x100
$2700— St.. near Treat aye.; 37:6x100.
$2500— Forty-two lots in O. L. block M). 1092.
$2300— Fulton, near Lou: 25x100.
$2250— Ashbury, near Fell: ->5.\106:3.
$2.5O — Corner till) aye. and B st.; 32:6x100.
$-200— Walnut, near Clay; 26x112:6.
•8000— l'9rt, mar Church: 50:11x114.
$2000— Fillmore, near Union: 25x100.
8150O— NE. corner I st.and 17thave.: 57:6x100.
$1060— 4 th aye.. near California: 25x120.
$900— 6 lots in Excelsior Homestead; 150x100.
$800—1 Rl., near 1 lit ave>.: 25x100.
15750— lOtn aye., near California; 26x120.
$t>oo— Plymouth aye.. near Holly; 25x100.
$550— S\v. cor. N" st. and 13tli aye.; 39:1x100.
EASTON, -iLDKIDGK &CO.,
__^ 638 Market st.
©O/T- r\ MUST BE SOLD: GOLDEN GATE
«£>_. I «JV/. aye., near Devlsadero st. ; 25x137:6:
cost owner over $3000; street macadamized and
sewered. BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont- !
gomery st.
QUBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
oat from $1 50 to $275 a room ; call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
Ofcl C\C\ t\l\C\ TO LOAN, CITY, AT 6*: ALSO ,
pIUU.VJUU Oakland and country, life In-
surance, real estate in probate, small or large sums. I
WIAINWALU, BUCKBEE & CO., 218-220
Montgomery st.
pHEAP — ONE 2-STORY HOUSE, LOT; 7 I
\J rooms: bath: finished basement: rooms decor- '
ated; electric wire: speaking tones: stone walks.
On. Waller it., nr. Stanyan, i~, block U. <;ate ParK. '
CODNTItY KEAL ESTATE.
A'FARRELL CO.. '*
\J DAVID BUSH. COUNTRY DEPARTMENT,
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
Q*4 PER ACRE FOR ONE "OF THE BEST
O"» stock ranches In Mendocino County of 5000
acres, situated near Eden Valley, with sum- '
mer and winter range, we watered and \
woocVd; 2 four-room cottages, barn, stable, I
blncksmlih-shop and corral; partly fenced: )
1600 sheep; 70 head of cattle, and with all :
the farming tools on the place; the cheapest I
and best ranch in Mendocino County: part
cash, or would exchange for San Francisco or
Los Angeles Income property.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR BAH FRANCISCO I
property — Elegant improved suburban
MM; 61.4 acres; " IVi miles from Hay wards,
on Castro Valley road; all out in cherries,
prune*; family orchard; elegant house with
all modern Improvements, with furniture,
stock and tools: value $10,000.
EXCHANGE— I 7% ACRES JUST OUTSIDE ;
XJ town limits of Haywards; all out ip prunes
. nd apricots: fine nous" with all modern Im- ;
provemeiu-: value $15,000 with crop.
WE HAVE SOME OF THE GREATEST BAR- !
"' gains in improved trait, vineyard, grain and |
stock ranches that were ever seen in this j
Mate, as also some fine income properties for |
exchange, Call for particulars.
FOR RENT FOR THK SUMMER.M ONTHS
(longer If desired), 2 handsomely furnished
houses on Pacific Heights, commanding a
fine marine view, of 9 rooms and bath, with
modern conveniences; rent $60 and $75 per
month respectively. '--* •
CAN MATEO EX HANOE— A NICELY IM-
O proved place in town; lot 100x230, with nice
modern house of 6 rooms, bath, city water;
all out in fruit-trees, lawn and shrubbery,
How its, etc.: price $"000. easy terms: or will
exchange for city house and lot of equal value.
Q Qftnn 20 ACRES OF CHOICE LAND iy a
tJOUUU. mile* from good town; 1 acre grapes;
8 acres orchard: all fenced; house of 5 rooms,
good tarn, living-water, also 1 horse, cow, 60
chickens, wagon, plow, etc; will exchange for
small cottage or building lots.
ONLY $220 PER ACRE— IS ACRES OF BEST
\J varieties of fruit tress o| fine growth; never-
falling stream of wat r through the place: on main
county road and only Vi mile from 11 road sta-
tion and county seat; owner compelled to dispose
of the property.
A FINE PIECE OF INCOME PROPERTY,
containing 40 acres, 2 miles from town; 20
acres alfalfa; lj acres of best grapes: 5 acres
assorted fruits: house, barn, 2 horses, imple-
ments: paid $1500 last year; prlc;* $5000; cash or
exchange. KDWIN K. ,\ l.sip & Co.,
. Koom 29, second floor, Mills building.
A LAMEDA COUNT*.
xV
$1500— 15 acres about 2 miles from Haywards;
&V 2 acres fruit and will make a fine little home.
NAPA COUNTY.
$760— 8V2 acres, 2 miles out: all fine land: good
house, barn, chicken houses and good well and
pump and a fine little home.
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
$700— 10 acres near Aptos: cool Improvements
and a model little home. Send lor catalogue.
R. P. QUINN, 53 Curonicel building, San Fran-
cisco. 4 " • ■
(£1 ) C\(\(\ CHOICE STOCK RANCH JN SO-
i3)±.Zi.\J\J\J. noma County: 1000 im-
provements; abundance of wood and water; near
railroad station: no mortgage: will exchange for
residence in San Francisco, Oakland or Alameda.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO., Mills building,
218-220 Montgomery st. ■ - .
<2t 1 m, . Hit) ACRES, 5 MILKS FROM CAL-
«3) I •J'J' ' • istoga: 25 acres cleared; 800 French
prune trees; 200 upple trees, 2 years ola: 3 acres
in potatoes; 8 acres corn; 8 tons of hay cut and
undercover; cabin and small barn: warm sulphur
spring with bath tub: old apple orchard and small
vineyard; this year's crops included. , Apply or
address E. R. FOKSYTH, B^7 Delaware st., West
'Berkeley. -
1 F.(\f\ ACRES, GOOD sIoCK AND GRAIN
1 i)V'U rauch.to exchange for city or Oakland
property; $12,000. SPECK A CO., 602. Market.
MA KIN COUNTY— BOOO ACRES vstf MILES
from olty; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit, syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. •
A LA M DA CO i: NT FRUIT LAND; CHOIC-
-f V. cat In the State; spiling In trac:s. 5 acres up-
ward. $35 per acre; adjoining lands held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell; li£ hoars trm 8. F. ;
easy terms; title perfect. 57 Chronicle building.
T TITLE HOMES. "CLOSE TO TuW.N, IM-
-Lj proved, easy terms; also- A' to 12 ncfe pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWiNG. Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market s:., S. F.
I^OR CASH OR CITY RE A L ESTATE— S-ACiIE
1 good Improved ranch in Petaluma.' : Apply 616
Second st. _^ ' ' " "
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
lor sale. WOUSTKR «fe WHITTON. San Jos*.
StJIJUItBAN KKAL ESTATE.
A-~~LTA I'INTA TBACT, THK OEM OF "««
bay region, 906 acres subdivided: 3 miles
north of Berkeley. 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes
from San Francisco; lots 50x200 ieet, from $80 to
$200: small deposit; easy Installments; Bend for
beautiful map with prices and terms. 'GEORGE
W. HAIOHI'. 220 Sansome st., San Francisco, Cat.
* I'KOPKKXIi TO KXCiIAKOIii.
Q OA A CREB KERi?~COUNT V (CLEAR)!
OZ\) DECKER, 1020 Market st.
IQA-ACKK RANCH (CLEAR) TO EX-
•IOU change. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
1 (\ ACRE FRUIT RANCH, 3 MILES SOUTH
1U of Santa Rosa: rich soil, 6 or 7 acres fruit ana
vines, full bearing; house, barn, etc.: will exchange
for cl.y property. J-, box 41, < all Office. ••■■.
s"acre;5 "acre ; complete POULTRY and fruit
ranch at Fruit vale; $6000; want house and lot.
J. H. EPSON. 90S Broadway, Oakland. .
ARGAIN; 6-ROOM HOUSES: RICHMOND;
$500 cash; lots or merchandise accepted. 1402
Devlsadero st. • : ' -.\ ''. ■■ . ■-
1 k'Kjj I ACRES TIMBER\_AND, KERN CO.;
I_OU water: fine for cat;lo-r.-.ls N..bx.l6.CaU
HOTEL TO LEASE.
6 LET— THE ' W. TELL HOUSE. ". 317-319
Bush st.; - this well-known | hotel | Is I thoroughly
renovated, considerably improved; compares with
best 2d-class hotel In town. MADISON & BURKIi
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
.. OAKLAND -1 REAL ESTATE.
4&r?riOfl 2-STORY HOUSE Ol? 8 ROOMS;
«JPUVV/V/. all modern ami complete; lot 50x
112; N. side of Twenty-third st., near Telegrapn
aye.: easy terms: street work all done. A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broad
d>O7P:n 2-STORY 8-ROOM HOU9K: NEW
(Tt)ltA'. and air modern; Just finished; N.
side of Twenty-third St.. between Grove and Tele-
graph aye. : lot 40x112; easy terms; street work
done. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
<fij 97 £> A NE 2-STOKY HOUSE; ALL
tip^j I *J\Ji modern: 8 rooms; lot 85x165; near
Twenty-third st. and Telegraph aye.; easy terms;
street work all done. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broad-
way. :
(JjQI r\f\ SEW AND ALL MODERN TWO-
'u "i""" story house; 8 rooms: jus: com-
pleted; lot 35x11*2; on Twenty-seventh st., bet.
Tele raph and Grove: street work all done. A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway. • \
<B;1 9f)n NEW MODERN COTTAGE OF 5
'• A —\f\.'. rooms and bath; high batement; lot
33x100; Loxley are., near Clinton: easy terms.
A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broadway.- . .
<S* 1 I f\C\ HOUSE 4 ROOMS; LOT 27:6x37:
tlpilV'U. on Twenty-sixth St.. near Market;
must be sold; thia is a bargain; . street work all
done. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
•il*/7^o, 6-HOOM COTTAGE: ALL MOD-
<C — I O\J. em: lot 3*2x105; Fourteenth St., near
Adeline: a bargain; street work all done. A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway. '
Q99 »h WE WILL BUILD YOU A NEW 6-
«JT— —«-"'• room house, with all modern Im-
provements, in the Grove-st. Tract, Grove and
Ktipli sta,, for $2250, or an 8-room house for
$2500: lots 40x126; small cash payment, balance
to suit customer. A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broadway.
HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS': 1 BLOCK F. OM
Plea mond electric road; in Pleasant Valley;
pr:ce $750. $350 cash; balance mortgage. Apply
A man Chateau Restaurant, on Pleasant Val-
ley road, Piedmont.  . . ;
BARGAIN— $100 CASH; $10 65 PER MONTH:
house of 5 rooms and bath: force pump: small
stable; lot 50x100: 10 minutes' walk to local
train; price $900. WM. P. TODD, 1002 Broad-
way.- Oakl ami. .
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
I nited .States or Canada one year for Si 50, post-
age free. -.■
OAKLAND HODSES TO LET,
OAKLAND — 1364 FRANKLIN; 1 OR 2
years; 14-room, *unny, full furnished house:
attractive grounds: 3 minutes' walk from narrow
gauge; $60; reference: call 10 to 5 p. M. ■
OAKLAND KOO3IS AND .BOARDING.
Ma r i — MRS. EMMA H7~A~DA~Mi^
Newly furnisned or untarnished rooms en
suite or single: also, first-class table board. 586
Eleventh St., near Jefferson. Oakland, (al.
TfOUKTEENTH AND CASTRO— TO LET.
A with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
and eastern exposure. 1203 Castro st.
&LAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— PARK STREET.
ALAHEUA 1.1. \i. ESTATE.
Cj^nnn 2-story house: all
i£)\7\J\J\J. modern and just completed: lot 50x
150: located on Benton St., near Santa Clara aye. ;
easy terms; street' work all done. A. H. BLOW,
1010 Broadway.
%9<-»^n NEW TWO-STORY, EIGHT-ROOM
tSr^.\JU\r. house: just completed; all modern:
lot 30x125; easy terms: streetwork all done: this
is a bargain: must be sold at once. A. H. BLOW,
1010 Broadway.
FOR SALE- ~~ ~~
House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye. : bouse 4
rooms. Grand St.; cottage 6 rooms, Everett st.:
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
6»n Francisco property. Apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.,
' -y San Francisco, Cal.
©OnnA 4-ROOM COTTAGE; $50 CASH;
tJ)ZUUU. $20 per month.
A $2300 6- room cottage; $300 cash; $25 per
month.
$2750— 6-room cottage; $250 cash; $25 per
month.
$8000— 6-room house; $200 cash: $25 per month.
$40 JO— 7- room house; $800 cash; $25 per month.
All modern houses on improved streets and con-
venient to trains;, have also a few magnificent
houses at reduced prices and on easy terms.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD * CO..
■ 1364 Park St., Alameda.
CJftOnfi BEAUTIFUL NEW MODERN
«3>UUUU. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed: large rooms; Central aye.,
one olock west of Park st.: it will surely please
you: Investigate; terms to suit. G. B. M. OKAY.
463 Ninth si.. Oakland. , - . ■
ALAMEDA JTRMSHED HOUSES.
mO^L^T^^UK^n^H^BT^lN^TL^CM^DTr^
X nice cozy 6-room cottage In central part of city;
6 minutes' walk to station on either broad or nar-
row-gauge; commutation ticket, good on either
! road: owner going away and would let hon.se for 1,
: 2 or 3 months at very low rent to responsible par-
. ty. Inquire at 2132 Alameda aye., Alameda, Cal.
BERKELEY real ESTATE.
JOSEPH "£ MASON, REAL . ESTATE
*} insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoinlnz
j bank. . ,
I OOD HOMES FOR KENT OR FOR SALE
I VJT on easy . terms. O. G. MAY <fc CO., real estate
} and building. 2123 OntPr st.. Bpr!t«*lor.
I'ROPEBTy WANTED.
I fOUR GRADED LOTS, BAKER'S BEACH OR
1 Cliff: state price. 1602 Vallejo St., flat 7.
J \V ANTED — GOOD INCOME PROPERTY;
' IT not over $10,000: must be a bargain. Ad-
j dress I. C box 156, Call OtHce.
Ip OR RENT- CHOICEST LOCATION In"
Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
furnished ; to rlrst-class tenant long term. see
! CAPTAIN MORRISON. BTkelov.
MONEY TO LOAN.
NY AMOUNT ON BONDS, DIAMONDS,
watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
I and instruments; interest low; private entrance:
1 private rooms: discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye. ; ■- ■ ■ .
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
A jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, 948 Market st. : open evenings.
I "\IONKY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTEK-
i IVI est per month for each $1000; same rate Me
: ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
•\.l ONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
A' l other valuables at the Security Loan OCL-n,
1106Marketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 TuriC
1 \IREGT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
1J no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest.' Km. 68, Donohue bide 1170 Market st.
* NY AMOUNT: IST, 'ID or 3D MORTUAOES:
XV estates, undivided interests, real estate in via-
! bate. McC'OLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
I •JBT&2D MOKTUAGES; INTERESTS IN E-J-
-1 ltates;lowest rates:no a v. MURPHY, 62B Mrkt,
DVANCES ON DI AMOK IW.J K \V>'X«Y, KT(J
Columbia Ix/Hti A ''ollntfirftl «ltt'C<». 9 ttrartt xv».
I'AWJiIJKOKEItS.
I AT 128 KEARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONEY
■A. loaned, watches, diamonds, etc. ; low rates: prt«
1 vate room* elevator: pledgee for sal j cheap.
Ml 'sICAL I>STKUMENT.S.
W" EH AYE aT'n UM B P;R "6f GOOD PI AN OS
and organs of makers with established reputa-
j tions that we are closing out at greatly reduced
1 prices and upon exceptionally easy terms. These
I instrument have been called •in - from agents
1 throughout the coast, in whose bands they have
remained for some time witnout being sold. Cal
I early and secure & bargain. SHERMAN; CLAY
I & CO., cor. Kearny and Suiter sts., Stein way rep
1 resentatlves. : '- ' • ' \
i /^LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINK OF
: \J small ' goods at prices less than poods cost
- I landed in York; Just the chance to buy a fine
> Instrument for your summer outing at, small out-
: lay: violins. 91 35: mandolins, $3 35; guitars. $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases - for Instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY bCOTT, 929
Market St., SpreckeU building.
T>IANOS HALF PRICK.
. J. ADMINISTRATOR'S RALE
TO CLOSE ESTATE OF CHAS 8. EATON.
MUST SELi..
> ' New and second-hand pianos at enormous redac-
tion; exceptional opportunity to buy.
Call and examine. 735 Market st.
S : OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
AS OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling I some pianos for $3 pei
1 month it is not necessary to co elsewhere for more
1 favorable term* and low prices. SHERMAN,
' CLAY & CO., Stein way representatives. ,.
ftlQ- BARGAIN; FINE : UPRIGHT
> 1? J- 00. Schmltz. 16 McAllister St., next HI
■ bernla Bank. . ■ ■ ■■ - -  .
ILLiAM G. BADGER, SOLE AGENT FOH
the celebrated Hallet & Davis and Francis Ba>
I con pianos, 406 Sacramento st. I
• IpiSHER UPRIGHT, $125; MARSHALL <S
I? Wendell. $125: bargains al . $150 and $175.
: THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market.
i PIANOS— DO YOU WANT ONE? " FINEST
1 X stock: on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SPEN-
CER CO.. 933 Market st. . :■',-■
' JSFOKE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
 JL> & Gerts and ' Knabe pianos: at wholesale
price** A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post st.
■ ;pHiCKERING, KNABK. STKCK. VOSE, STER-
I \J ling pianos; see our piano lor $187; pianos
iorrenu BENJ. CURTAZ & son. IBO'farrelL.
' TTPRIUHT. CHEAP; LITTLE . USED; FIN*
U ton good make. '2424 Mission st. . '
: A- STEINWAY $175: STECK $150: STEKL
A. Ing $100; Ladd $60. . BRUENN'S, 223 Post.
i IJYHON iiaiizv, -aus POST st.— sohmeu,
': ;X>Newby ite Evan.t.' I'ncgg and other pianos. ■
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD ANEW
B. M.U1.1.E8, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
BUSINKSS CHANCEH.
WANTED-FIRST-CLASS BUSINESS MAN
• • to rent one of the best-paying roadside houses
on the coast: elegantly fnrnlsbed throuzhout and
doing a thriving business in this City and County:
owner would rent to incoming party : house as it
stands, with privilege of purchase, but tenant
would have to put up security or bonds as matter
of good faith and responsibility; a chance of a life-
lime. , Address Live Stock Gazette Office, 411%
California si. City. .... -
TT OTEL TO LEASE FUR A TKP.MOF YEARS;
XI new 6-story and basemen;, brick bulldl ng con-
taining 98 rooms: also ground-floor and well-
lighted basement: centrally located, y% bloc* X of
Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building: newly furnished throughout:
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For further
particulars apply 10 S. SILVERBKRG, 320 San-
■ Mat St.. room 39. ■
rpHE DEL NORTE HOTEL, CRESCENT CITY,
1 California— The best equipped house in North-
ern California is now offered for sale, or can be
leased on favorable terms; this house is the best
paying investment in Northern California, and
must be disposed of On account of sick: ess. tor
terms and particulars apply or address E. YATES,
proprietor. Crescent City, Cal.
Li, HILL, HOOM 34, DONOHoE BUILDING—
ij. Real estate and business agent.
Delicacy store $200
stationery and cigars.... $450
General business store, fine trade $800
Excellent paper route.. '. 81500
Chemical laboratory ....'...•..;.. $5000
Stock of poultry ranch, low rent "..:... $350
rPO BUY OK SELL Af BUSINESS WITH DIS-
-1 patch see WING & CO., 737 Market at.
"TTOTELNEAR FACTORIES; 14 FURNISHED
XI rooms: 20 3tf>adv boarders: selling 7 to 8 bar-
rels of beer weekly: large grounds: 5 to 6 dozen
chickens; owner retiring; will sacrifice. DKM-
ING A CO.. 737 Market St. ' ._
GiOAnr\ IF YOU CAN LOAN ME THIS
* — v/VA/. amount for 8 months, will give good
nitua'.'.on at 126 a month and board: business out
of the State: or will give you interest in business
that will pay yon $2500 a. year besides salary :
chance of a lifetime; come and see me at once.
Address J. A. L., box 66, this office.
TTOMKSTEAD RIGHT FOR SALE-I WILL
X J. sell cheap or exchange 1 60 acres in San
Benito County: 4 living springs; ■ young orchard;
house and chicken-house: finest climate in State:
plenty of hunting and fishing;* about 75 acres
plowable; balance pasture and timber. For fur-
ther information call or address M., 47 Tehamast.
TTNUSUAL OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE
*J general merchandise and hotel business in
Tuolumne County: doing a business of $4000
monthly; five acres of eround on principal stre
business yielding good returns. ASTON, ELD-
RIDGE & CO.; 63b Market at. •
<si7nn SALOON; FIRST-CLASS TRADK;
? I \J\J. in main thoroughfare; elegantly fitted
up: fine stock: 4 years' lease; low rent: ■ taking
$18 day: immediate disposal: genuine bargain;
apply direct, no agents. L., PosiofHce, Santa Rosa.
C«"l f\(\ BARGAIN— OLD-ESTABLISHED d-
)lul' ear, candy and notion store: large gar-
dens; cottage and summer-house; opposite univer-
sity gate. Berkeley; Telegraph-aye. railroad cars
stop in front of store. Apply on premises.
ROUGHLY RELIABLE MAN WITH $500
X to $1000 in cash would purchase . a business or
interest In same that will bear close investigation;
no saloon, restaurant or lodging-house. Address
M., postollice box 403, Oakland.
/^OOD OPPORTUNITY; SELLING OUT TO
VJ close estate; business est. since 1869: amount
needed $40,000: owner will remain if arrangement
can be made. Address F. D., box 137. Call Office.
UESTAURA.NT FOR SALE FOR COST OF
XV fixtures: an established trade: between two
carhouses: will be sold cheap on account of own-
er's sickness; call an . see this. 3279 Mission si.
to I !•£. FOR SALE, 2-CHAIR BARBER-
«u)JUtJ. shop; latest improved furniture; all
new; good trade; baths; living-room: cheap rent.
Address WIL, box 843, San Rafael, Cal. __
T?OR SALE— THE ROYAL, FINEST SALOON
J situated on the principal business street in Han
Jose; at a sacrifice: must be sold. Inquire at New
York Exchange Hotel, San Jose.
I ,'A COFFEE SALOON; CHEAP AT$800;
t? "iuU. elegantly fitted: clears $85 a month;
north Market. SKIFF <£ CO., 921 Market st.
QHOKSTORE: SMALL STOCK; GOOD FIX-
O tures and shoemaker's tools, with a new Singer
shoe machine. 1% Polk st.
"OAKERY AT A BARGAIN: BAKES FROM 3
D to 4 bbls. of flour daily; full Inspection allowed:
in Centerville. Alameda County. Address F. E.,
box 4, Call Office.
17>OR SALK AT A BARGAIN— PARISIEN
X; steam laundry, SW cor. Twenty-ninth and Do-
lores st a.; will give lease of house and lot or will
Bell half interest. -
-Q ARE CHANCE— FOR SALE, A ROADHQUSE
XV near Hay wards; 9 rooms and 1 acre of land.
For particulars I address PROWSE <fe O'NEILL,
Haywards, Cal. -
ILL SELL AT A SACRIFICE A FIRST-
* class restaurant in Haywards, on account of
sickness: call and Investigate. F. B. HOOSON,
Haywards, Cal.
VINE CASH MERCHANDISE BUSINESS;
X adjacent to city: capital ssooo; satisfactory
reasons for selling at a sacrifice. Owner, box 21,
Call Office. ,
OAROAIN- SALOON; BAR RECEIPTS $15
X> to $18 per day; rent $20 per month; near San
Francisco. Apply to H. M. COVERT, 218 Cali-
fornia at.- ■ .
LOR SALE OR TRADE FOR REAL ESTATE,
" tools and machinery of a machine-shop; lathe,
drill preps, bolt-cutter, etc Address 14 Pearl st.
HE ONLY MODERN IMPROVED HOTEL
of 80 rooms in Stockton for rent or lease. In-
quire D. ROTHEXBUSH.
QTEREOPTICON OR ILLUMINATING AD-
-0 vertlsing outfit complete; 200 slides; cheap.
1401* Devisadero st.
QTATE AGENCY; EXCLUSIVE RIGHT; AR-
► J tide sells on sight; $250. Address E., box 116,
Call Office.
OC CHICKEN RANCH TO RENT;
— «) stock will be sold at $1300. P. O. box 331,
Petal ma.
Oil ,-r l\ FOR BUILDING ON LEASED LOT;
•JIOW suitable for grocery. W. CRANE, 324
Post st. . .
RANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS. ETC.; SlCK-
ness; Western Add. DECKER, 1020 Market.
cjj IOH BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, NO-
XUU . tion store: departure. 1024 Leavenwth.
LADY OF MEANS DESIRES A PARTNER
(German): $25 capital. Room 2, 12 Mason st.
OR SALE— SALOON; GREAT BARGAIN;
old-establ'd; llving-rms.; cheap rent. 212 Bth.
pOOD ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAPER.
VX Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 63a Market, room 2.
T.IOR SALE— EXPRESS BUSINESS; 2 SINGLE
1 teams complete; stand cor. Sutter and Sansome.
OR SALE— LOCKSMITH, MACHINIST AND
grind! shop; well tooled up. 1003 Mission st.
AVlNli 2 RESTAURANTS WILL SELL ONE
cheap: trial given. Apply 1241 Market st.
OR SALE — BOHEMIAN SALOON, 25
Stockton st. Call between 12 m. and 4p. m.
NY STOCK OF, MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash : city or country. M., box 2. Call.
TVTEWSPAPER ROUTE FOR SALK; BAR
-Li gain. Address S. F.. box 24, Call Office.
BAKERY AND NOTION STORK FOR SALE;
X> cheap. 2033 Adeline St., Oakland.
' I'UKNITUBK WANTED. :
c!~muther^" AucTuSxliiißT^eoTTALr-
• fornia st,, corner Kearny, pays best price for
furniture and merchandise.
If YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOB FURNl-
tnre and merchandise B<v KURD, -211 Larkin.
IJKFORK SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
X) Bend for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BASOH. 821 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
• lure, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURMTURB,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market: ML Jessie 781.
CARPET CLEAJfING.
"TONES CO. iI&MVKT^VI^hAS^a^ASID
J rcnovatin™ works. . Main office 85 and 27 Bth.
ARPET CLEANING, 3c. ; LAYING, 3c. : RUG
V,' samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stralton. 19 Bth st.
RKAT .WESTKRN CARPET-BEATING
vJT works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»» poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Ca^
pet Beating Works, 853-57 Tehama su: tel. So. 41).
UNKLIN'S CARPET rKATING WORKS. 33J
Golden Gate aye. : telephone east 126. .
ITY STKAMUARPETCLKANING.RENOVA
VJ ting, 3» Bth. bTKVKKS, mwt. TeL South 250.
/"IARPJCTS CLEANED AND RENOVATKO
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth; taL
(South 3«. D. MACKINTOSH & CO., successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLhiAN ING CO., 21 J
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. . Tel. Mission 71.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND UK N-
. ovatine works. 453 Stevenson: ML south '223.
~~ ttOB&KS.
VOX SALE — HO RSE ANrT^BRE\VSTER
X buggy; matched carriage- team, stylish and
very gentle; also Frewster Victoria, latest style
and in perfect condition; will be sold separate if
desired. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
T EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
Xj of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for lt-ss money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st-, 8. F.
"1 crj SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND
XOKJ ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold.' 1128 Mission si
Ef\f\ SET NEW AND bECOND-HAND lI A
O\J\J ness; all kinds; bujrgy, wagon, carts, surrey
&rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
A(\ HOUSES FoK. SALE; ALSO ..WAGON'S.
,ttl/ boggles, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horsa
Market, 327 Sixth st. -auction gales every Wednes-
day. : SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HORSES PASTURED: SKND FUR CIRCO-
i lar. The lirde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
. SEWING MACHINES.
<»(r UPWARD; ".. RENT $1 00 TO $1 "75
O«J monthly; repairing 25c; bought and ex
changed ; needles for all machines. 145 Sixth si
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED^
i A noted, repaired: lowest rataa. 205 Fourth u.
S' INGER SEWING-MACHINE OFFICE, 1569
Market; , real SI 50 to $2 per mo.; airing
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
LO established bouse; elegant new modern fur-
liture; new carpet; everything first-class: cheap
ent: owner retiring from business. DEMING <*
JO., 737 Marset at.
I 1 -BOOM HOUSK, IN PAYMENTS.... $150
I 1 23s rooms on Market St.. $600
5 rooms, corner, clearing $200 , $1800
0 bouses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 to. $51KK>
Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market. ■
)O ROOMS; SUNNY ; CORNER; ALL. ROOMS
->— rented; offer wanted. DECKER, 1020
larket st- • • •
P« n. | 15 ROOMS: FINK; CLEARS ABOUT
pOUU. $70. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 602
larket st.
»A ROOMS; NEV* HOUSE; CLEARING OVER
)U $100: $1600. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
\J ANTED — LODGING-HOUSE: MUST Bfi
• ' well located, nicely furnished ; a bargain; $603
0 $600. Address B. E., box £8, this office.
ODGING-HOUSES BOUGHT AND EX-
J changed. PHEi.PS & CO., 917 Larkln st.
2j-| -(\ COZY HOME: 6 ROOMS; MUST
)IJU. sell; party leaving city. 6*20 Lark In st.
" ODGING-HOUSE, 12 ROOMS, ALL RENTED;
J fine location. Address E. E.. hox 67. Call.
I UltNlTt'KE KOK SALE.
TOUSKiIoTSi GOODS rJnS^UKNTTtjRK
1 for sale cheap: no dealers. 209 Chestnut st.
SACRIFICE — FURNITURE, ETC.. OF COT-
-3 tage: almost new; sold at once. D. E., 46, Call.
L'IRK SALK! ~~~
v Prices stand till goods are completely dls-
>osed of. .
)ak- bed seta .flB 60
Sed lounges 8 00
itoves 7 50
'arpets. per yard 55
iinoleum, per yard....... 65
at ting, per yard. 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
tand. Till such time we tare conducting business
t se. 1 corner Seventh and Mission sis. J.
■ OONAN. ■ ■
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
r\ lowest prices on household goods, new or good
is new; cash or time, open evenings.
I/Hi CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14;
rUU stoves, $5; parlor sets, $20: folding-bed
10: bed- onngp*. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY Hi 4th.
BICYCLES.
J ally low rates and terms. 314 Post st.
SECONDHAND wheels IN perfect
3 order: . terms, cash or installment; Crescent
25, Cleveland $30, Victor $40, Crawford $33,
leu Hur tandem. DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
A "96 YOSEMITE TANDEM. ALMOST NEW,
A $100. W. CRANE, 3*24 Post St.
T \V INFIELD PEARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
) . Headquarters Lu-mi-nnm and Thistle bicycles :
5 NEW FALCON; HIGH GRADE; $45 AND
JO $55 each; half price: few left. GEORGE
>VEBB ALEXANDER, 401 Market St.
OICYCLES, 1895 MODELS, S2S TO $65. HAM-
D ilton Cyciery, Baker St., near ayes.
(> ICYCLES FOR $20, $26, :$3O, $35, $40, $45,
I) $50, second-hand. 306 Post st.
LHiRSALE- *9B RAMBLERTwARWICK: IM-
-1 penal and Clipper bicycles at great bargains.
103 Larkin st.
DARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO I^ET;
beat accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
all later ami Powell st. car lines.
FOB SALE— MIS CELL AS'EO US.
SALE— ST. BERNARD PUPPIES BY
r Reglov (winner of gold medal for best stud
loz at 'Frisco show) : choicest breeding. Presidio
it. Bernard Kennel, 3313 Clay st. - ,-.
FOR SALE— HARDWARE BUSINESS FIFTY
C miles from San Francisco: $2000 to $2300
tock. For particulars or interview address H. S.,
'all Office, city;
M PROVED HIGH-ARM SINGER SEWING
. machine; $12 50. 2437 Mission, nr. Twenty-
irst. _
kfILCH COW— GOOD FAMILY COW: GEN
>1 tie; very rich milk; cheap. 2304 Hyde st.
fRRIQATOR*. 4 AND 8-HORSE SECOND-
hand gasoline engines, first-class and cheap'
Address G. E., box 100, Call Office. .-•-:
IVOR SALK— PATENT FOR THE LATE WIL-
V Ham Elford's portable house. Apply to MRS.
E. ELFORD, 1406 Thirteenth aye.. East Oakland.
PORTABLE THRESHING ENGINE CHEAP,
Lor rent.: nearly new Buzz Planer. R., 60
iluiome st. | ■ '
CALOON OUTFIT FOR SALE: $35. APPLY
J 1036 Potrero ava.
S OOD CASH REGISTER. MAGUIRE, ISO
X Sansome st., room 9. '
VNK HORSEPOWER GAS ENGINE; CHEAP.
) Apply 2109 Larkln si., after 6 p. m.
V— 3 H. P. UPRIGHT ENGINE <£ CKNTRIFU-
pumpattached<&so-ltghtdynamo.sl6Mlsslon
nOUN TKR S, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
U bought and sold. 1121 Va Market.bet. 7th & Bth.
DARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
D write for prices. Typewriter Ex.. 310 California.
I>OILERS,ENGLNES.2D-HANDMACHINERY,
D waterptpes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
• -UILDINGS BOUGHT;" LUMBER, SASHES
1 > doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1168 Mission.
1 \NE .SMALL MEDIUM AND LARQE SIZS
yj fire and burglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market st.
1.1 IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER-'
r press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay.
ATEW KANGEd CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
> hand. \V. a RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California at.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
OIANO 'BOX BUGGY, HARNESS, ROBE,
L whip, covering, $40. Address L., box 2, Call
)fflce. ■_ | '
OR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINE
V carriages Of every desc iptlon ; cash, notes or
natallments. Carvlll Mfg Co., 46-48 Bth St., S. F.
OLIGHTIiV SOILED DRIVING GLOVES;
j samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st.
\TEW AND SECOND-HA"ND BAKERS', LAUN-
i\ dry, milk and grocery wagons; also rocJcaway
md 2 fine buggies, h'JS Harrison st.
Tattdos^A''
PortlawQ^ 0 /05 it-/ ■
jlllW'Jr I' Ls>
i / 1 ' W1 o Dt/fr lar 'nnemucca of Sc,
San L ui\ *\% blnde^jrxie^ce Wi
\ MnC^ \ lei '^s\. -* J "**\(y*
\ LOS AngTles^)^\ Phaeni*i
.» Sup Diego •*>\\\CDYli m a
O Clear 3 Partly Cloud/
• Cloudy ©Ram ©Snow
explanation.
Tt» arrow files with th* wind. The top flgurM
•t station indicate maximum temperature for the
lays; those underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredth*,
taring the past twelve hours: Isobars, or solid
ilaes, connect points of equal air pressure; Iso-
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
la usually accomD&nied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low . pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows' usually first appear 'on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable-
but when the "low" la Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb-
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these conditions
•ill produce an opj>o«ite result-
Vaathek bureau report. ,
United States Department of agricol-
tckk, Wkathkb Bukeau, San Fbanoisco, July
4, 1896. 5 p.m. Weather conditions and general
forecast : v
;, The following maximum temperatures are re-
ported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 62, Red Bluff . 106, San Francisco 66,
Fresno 100, San Luis Oblspo 72, Los Angeles 76,
San Diego 70, Yiirua 108.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 66,
minimum 51, mean 68.
During the past twenty-four hours the pressure
conditions . have altered considerably over : the
western: half of the country. The pressure has
fallen rapidly in Northern California, and thence
northeasterly : to . the frontier. A long trough of
relatively low pressure extends from Arizona to
Southeastern Washington. A small area of this
trough appears to be developing over the Sacra-
mento Valley and will probably " move ■ slowly
northeastward. ... ■ .
'.The temperature has fallen slightly along the
northern coast, and decidedly in the , tan Joaquin
Valley, and ; Southwestern .Nevada. A heavy
1314
thunderstorm with lightning occurred this morn-
ing at San Luis Obl<po..and the conditions are
favorable for unsettled weather, and possibly
thunderstorms In the San Joaquin Valley, and
possl'jly In the sncrumeino Valley .Sunday.
Ruin has fallen :»1<». g the > entrnl coast and at
Carson City, and conditions are favorable for a fall
In temperature of about 10 (!ee. Sunday in the
valley uistrlcu of California. Heavy fog has pre-
vailed alone the coast north of San Francisco.
The weather has been abnormally warm over
the northern half of the Pacific Slope. At Walla
Walla the temperature was 22 deg. above the nor-
mal. ,
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. July 5, 1898 :
Northern California— Cloudy weather, with un-
settled conditions in the valleys and Interior dis-
tricts; colder in the Sacramento Valley: foggy
along the coast Sunday morning, with light west-
erly winds increasing in force.
southern California— Cioudy Sunday morning,
with conditions favorable for unsettled weather in
northeastern por ion; lisht westerly winds on the
coast variable winds inland.
Nevada— Possibly light showers Sunday morn-
ing; fair Sunday; colder in Northern portion.
Utah— Cloudy weather Sunday, with conditions
for unsettled weather; cooler Sunday night.
Arizona— Cloudy In extreme eastern portion
Sunday. ...;..-
San Francisco and vicinity— Light fog Sunday
morning: fresh southwesterly winds, Increasing In
force in the afternoon. :■
ALKXANDKB O. McADIK,
Local Forecast Official.
LAIKSI StHi'i'l_\w i.>i^LLll»Ji.>lCK. "
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers. :
NEW YORK— Arrived July 4— Stmr Phoenicia,
from Hamburg; stmr Etruria, from Liverpool and
Queensiown: stmr La Tuuraine, from Havre* itmr
California, from Hamburg and Havre.
sailed July — im- Veendam. for Rotterdam;
stmr Mobile, for London; stmr La Bourgogne, for
Havre; stmr Paris, for Southampton; stmr Fulda,
for Genoa; stmr Lucat:ia, . for Liverpoo.; stmr
Prussia, for Hamburg; stmr City of Rome, for
Glasgow: stmr Norge. for Stettin.
HAVRE— Sailed July 4— S.mr La Normandle,
for New York.
SOUTH AM PTON— Sailed fculy 4— Stmr St Louis,
for New York. ■
KINSALE-Passed July 4— Stmr TJmbrta. from
New York, for Liverpool.
SClLLY— Passed Jnly Stmr Aller, from New
York, for Bremen.
LIZARD-Passed July 4— Stmr La Bretagne,
from New York, for Havre.
— MARRIAGES — DEATH&
BORN.
BLUMENTHAL— In this city, July 2. 1M96, to the
wife of A. Blumenthal, a daughter.
BRAUN— In this city, Jine 27. 1896, to the wife
of Andrew Braun. a son.
CONNOLLY— In this city, July 1, 1896, to the
wife of James Connolly, a daughter.
DAY— In this city. June 3, 1896, to the wife of
William Day, a daughter.
HARDY— In this city, July 1, 1896, to the wife of
Edwin B. Hardy, a son.
JOKGENSEN— In this city, July 3, 1896, to the
wife of S. Jorgen-en. a daughter.
MARIANI— In this city. June 25, 1896, to the
wife of H. Marianl. a son.
MILLER— In Oakland, June 30, 1896. to the wife
of Emmet Miller, a son. |
NINNIS— In this city, Jnly 3, 1896, to the wife of
George T. Ninuis, a son.
O'< ONNELL— In this city, to the wife of John
O'Connell, a daughter.
BY AN— In this city, June 26, 1896, to the wife of I
Edw. F. Ryan, a son. ■■,■■' ■ *
. ■JLBBIKO.
ALT— SEIPEL— In this city, June 28, 1898, by
the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Charles Alt and Mary
Seipel. *
CARRINGTON— DUPLISSEA— In this city, June
30. 1893, by the Rev. Dr. M. F. Colburn, Lyman
M. Carrington and Georgiana Dupllssaa, both of
San Francisco.
DIED.
Acton, Robert Kurre, Jobnnna
Bounty, Ellen Lamb. Kloridge G.
Bruns, Henry L'Heur^anx. Hattie
Buckly, Martha McCann, Elizabeth
Conens, Herman Malone. James B.
Consldine. Daniel Minor. Lottie L.
Denigin, Elleu . Morgan. Maud E.
Dunn. Timothy L Porter, Horace
Bdten. Anna E. ■ Quintan. I homas
JPong. Ah Radius, George W.
Garret son, N. H. Radius, Marie
Helbing, Francisca Riordan. John P.
Hobenschlld, Harry Rubkala, Lizzie
Hutart. ■ iv R. Schmidt Sr.. Louis
JeDnick»- irlstoph ' Twomey, May
K-lioc, L re. to A. While, L. E.
Kehoe, Peter -..' Wynne, Daniel
ACTON-In this city. July 4, 1896, Robert, be-
loved husband of Catherine Acton, a native of
Ireland, aged 85 years.
BONNER- In this city. Ellen, beloved wife of
ell Bonner. and mother of Mrs. Mamie Kin*
Nell, Maggie, Daniel. John, Philip ana Fannie
Bonner, and sister of Owen and Charles Herald
and Mrs. Campbell, a native of the par of
C.onmeny, County Donegal, Ireland, aged 39
years.
, O~Friends and acquaintances are - resDßCt-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 8 o'clock a. it., from the residence
of her sister, Mrs. Campbell, 1040 Kentucky
street, thence to St. Teresa's Church, Butte and
Tennessee streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 8:15 o'clock a. x. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BRUNS-In this city. July 1. 1896. Henry, be-
loved husband of Marie Bruns. and father of
Augusta and Helene Bruns, a native of Bremen
Germany, aged 49 years 1 montu and 27 days.
A member of Verein Eintracht and Mission
Turn Verein.
*3"Friends and acquaintances ar» rein ft
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS D
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m , from nis late
residence, 337 Thirteenth street, Qetween Mis-
sion and Valencia, thence to Verein Eintracht
Hall, where funeral services will- be held at 2
o'clock p. it. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BUCKLY— In this city, July 4. 1896. Martha,
beloved daughter of William H. and Lizzie L.
Bnckly. and sister of John N. A. Buckly, a na-
tive of San Francisco, Cal., aged 5 months and 8
days.
43~Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
folly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the residence
of ho parents. 1107 Oak street, between Devisv
dero and Brodericlc Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
CONENs-in this city, July 4, 1896. Herman
Conens. beloved husband of Catbarina Conens
j and father of Peter. Gerhard. Annie. John, Her-
man, Lena and Susanna Conens, and brotner of
Peter, Gerhard, Christina and Henry Conens,
a native of Rhede, Hanover, Germany, aged 55
years and 1 3 days. : " *'v
CONSIDINE— In this city. July 3, 1896. Daniel
Considlne, son of Thomas an! the late Margaret
Considlne, a native of the parish of Cahbarnia
County Claire, Ireland, aged 43 years.
J9s~FrienUs and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend lie funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 11:15 o'clock a. m., from the under-
taking parlors of McGinn Bros , 31 Eddy street,
thencf to St. Charles Borromeo Church, where
services win be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 12 o'clock m. Intermen:
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DKNIGIN— In this city, July 8. 1896, Ellen, be-
loved wife of Frame Denigin, a native of County
Lone ford. Ireland, aged 67 years.
fig" Friends ana acquaintances ar« rp*nf><r.-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 1615 .'Church street, thence to St
Paul's Cnurch. where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the reuose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. ji. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. '
DUNN— In this city. July, 2. 1898, Timothy L,
dearly beloved son of the late Timothy and
Mary Dunn, and brother of Mary. William J.
and James Dunn and the late John F.Dunn
a native of San Francisco, a~ed 27 years 4 mouths
and 7 days [Portland (Me.) papers please copy. J
US" Friends and acquaintances are r?snect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence. 39 Lou sa street, near Fourth, thence
to St. Patrick's Church, Mission street, for ser-
vices at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
EDSKN- in this city, July 3, 1896, Anna E. Ed-
sen, beloved wife of Carl H. Edsen, and daughter
of John and Elizabeth siaude. and sister of Fred,
Henry. John and Charles staude and Mrs. Louis
Welsmann, a native of San Francisco, Cal., aired
26 years 4 months and 15 days.
■ iS-Friendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the luneral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock p. it., rrom the resi-
dence of her parents, 118 Trenton street be-
tween Pacific and J-»ckson. Powell and Stockton
Interment 1. O. U. F. Cemetery.
FONG— In the City ana County Hospital July
4,1896. Ah aged 35 years. " ospulUl Jnjy
OARRETSON— In Benlcia. Ju y 4.1898 NH.
Garretson, a native of Pennsylvania, aged' 86
years.
HELBIN-G— ln this city, July 3. 1896, Franclg-a
beloved wife of August and mother of -David A '
Carrie. Lillle and J. a. He.blng, a native of Ger-
many, aged 59 years.
jO^Frlenas and • acquaintances are re^nw.-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 1U:SO o'clock a. ic., from her late
residence, 13^5 Webster street. Interment
Home o* Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock a. m.
from Third and Townsend streets.
HOHENSCHILD— In Highland Springs July 3
1896. Harry Holienscbild. beloved son or Mrs'
C. Ycunu' «nd Henry ilohenschild of Tacoma'
and -brother of Frank Hohenschild, a native of
San Francisco, *gnd 21 years and 6 months.
HUTAFF— In this city, July 4, 1896. Marie R.
Hutaif. dearly beloved mother of Mrs. D. M.
Wright, J. Henry, Minnie C. and Gustav A . V
Hutaff, a native of Germany, aged 48 years 3
months and 5 days.
Notice of funeral hereafter .
JKN.MCKK- In this city. July 4, 1896, Chrlstoph
beloved husband of Susie Jennlcke and father of
Lulu, Ktta and Adeline Jennicke, a native of
Anhalt Dessau, Germany, aged 48 years and 3
months. ■ A member of the San Francisco Baker
Verein, Keystone Lodge No 64, Workmen, an i
California Lodge No. 2. O. a. H. 6., of Oakland
[Oakland papers please copy.J
•• /WFrlends . and acquaintances are i reso'*-;
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORItOW
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from nis late ,si
dence, 1913 Hyde street, near Union, thence It-
Druids' Hall, 413 Su-.tor street, between -lock
ton and Powell, wh»re funeral services will -: in
held under the auspices of the Sun Franclsc
Baker Verein. Interment I. O. O. F. % Cemetery.
KEHOE— In. thU city. July 4. 1896, Lo»1 i
Acnes, beloved daughter of James K. and M .r
Kehoe. a native of mid Francisco, aged 6 month
and 19 days.'
KKHOK-lh this city, July 8, 1896, Peter Keh o.\
, a native oi County Carlow. Ireland. ai;ed 84 year*
1 ■ lcip U '* ( Mo o papers please copy.J
Friends and acquaintance* : are ' respect- i
folly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Snndav), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late
. residence, -.6 Minna s.r-.vt. thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of ins soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KURRK— In this city. July 3, 1896, Johanna
Kurre, Deloved wife of Charles Kurr-, and
mother of Alfred and Charles Herman, and
grandmother ot Mrs. Minnie Classen, a native of
Braunschweig, Germany, aged 77 years.
43~Friends and acquaintance* and officers
and members of Germania Lodge No. 116,
1. O. O. X., and Walhalla Encampment No. 7.
I. O. O. P., are respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral TO-MORROW (Monday;, at a o'clock P.
m.. from her late residence, uor:hwest comer of
Beach , and Broderick . streets. Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LAMB— In this city. July 1, 1*96, Elbridge Gerry
Lamb, a native of New York, aged 74 years and
8 months.
F. and A. M.— California Lodee No. 1. F. and A.
M. Funeral notice: The Officers and members
of the above-named lodj»e%re hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our late brother, Klbrid.e
Gerry Lamb, In King So'omon's Hall, Masonic
Temple, THIS Da Y (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock
p. M. Master Masons and friends of the deceased
are invited. By order of the Master. '
Franklin H. Day. Secretary.
L'HEITRKAUX— In the City and County Hospital,
July 4, 1896, Hattie L'Heureaux. aged 40 years.
McCANN— In this city. July 4, 1-93, Elizabeth,
beloved wife of Charles T. McCann, a native of
Indiana, aged 43 years 2 months and 19 days.
fiyFrlena^ ana acquaintances ' ar~ r- t«p-v-
-fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her late '
residence, 873 Broadway, thence to St. Francis
Church, where a high requiem mass will be said
for the repose of her soul, commencing at. 10
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
- by 11:30 o'clock a. m. train.
MALONE— In this city, July 4. 1896, James Bar-
tholomew, beloved son of Joseph and Martha
Malone. a native of San Francisco, aged 3 yean
and 8 months.
MINOR— In this city, July 4. 1898, at the Lane
Hospital, Lottie Louise, only child of Dr. J. F.
and Isabella Minor of San Mates, Cal., a native
of Vaiona, Contra Cos: a County, Cal., aged 4
years 4 months and 19 days.
JK9"Friends and acquaintance* are resaec*.-
fully invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Monday), at '1 :30 o'clock p. x.. from the resi-
dence, 1736 Eddy street, corner Scott.
MORGAN— In San Rafael, July 3, 1896, Maud
Elizabeth, beloved daughter of Alfred and Mar-
garet Morgan, aged 10 years 4 months and 27
. days.
PORTER— Connecticut, June 21, 1898, Horace
Porter, aged 74 years.
QUINLAN— In this city, July ■2, 1896. Thomas
Quintan, a native of Ireland, aged 44 years.
Friend* and acquaintance* nr' rcsoact-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of tne Union Undertaking Company. 788
Mission street, near Third. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by train leaving Third and Townsend
| streets at 11:30 o'clock a. m.
F. of A. —To the officers and members of Court
Acme No. 51. F. of A.: You are hereby notified
to meet at your hall. Alcazar building, TH
DAY (Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. m., io attend the
funeral of your late brother. Thomas Quintan.
Fines for non-attendance. By order of
Hesby Donahue:, Chief Ranger.
F. E. Bra DLXT, R. S.
RADIUS— In Lindan, Bavaria, Germany, March
4, 1896. George Walter Radius, dearly beloved
father of the late Ludwig Radius, aged 81 years.
RADIUS— In Lindan, Bavaria, Germany, Marie
Radius, dearly beloved mother of the late Lud-
| wig Radius, aged 76 years. *• ; ; -
RIORDAN— In this city. July 3. 1896. John P..
beloved husband of Bridget Rlordan, and father
of J. H., P. J.. E. J., T. J.. Lizzie and Mary Rlor-
dan and the late Mrs. A. G. Nagel, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 68 years.
JK9"Frlends an 1 acquaintance* are respsc-
fnlly Invited to a. tend :ii.> funeral THIS .JAY
(Sunday), at 8:15 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 513 Stockton street, thence to St.
Mary's Church, corner of California, and Dupon'
streets, where a solemn requiem mas* will be
celebrated for the repose of ins soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. it. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
C. T. A. and B. A.— officers and members of
St. Mary's C. T. A. and B. Association are re-
queue.l to me-t at 513 Stockton street Tills
DAY (Sunday), at 8:15 o'clock a. m., to attend
the funeral of their late brother member, John
P. Kiordan, thence to 8 . Man's Church. By
order of P. H. McGinkrty, Pres.
J. J. Kennedy, Secretary.
RUHKALA— In this city. July 4, 1898, Lizzie,
beloved wife of Malt Ruhkaia, a native of Fin-
land, aged 26 years.
SCHMIDT— In this city, July 3. 1896. Louis
•Schmidt Sr., father of Mrs. Alice Fritsch, Louis.
Ernst and the late Clifford Schmidt, a native of
Germany. '
iWThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from Trinity Church,
corner Bush and Gough streets.
TWO.MEY— In San Le-.ndro, July 4. 1896, May
Twomey, a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged
68 years.
WHITE— At Cazadero, Sonoma County, July 1,
1896, L. E. White, a native of -Massachusetts,
a. id 67 years 8 months and 6 days.
. JB3"Frlenas and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., irorn his late !
residence, corner of Ellsworth and Ward streets,
near D-vighl-way station. Berkeley. Interment
private. , .
WYNNh-In this city. July 3, 1836, Daniel
Wynne, ft native of County Monaghan. Ireland,
aged 74 years.
43~Friends and acquaintance are resnec-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAT
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a. if., from the resi-
dence of nil bro her, 7<>s O*k street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, Fell and Fill more streets, ;
where a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated j
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme- |
tery.
i/IcAVOY A CALLACHER, T
FUNERAL DIRFCTORS 4 EMBALM KES,
2O Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
-1
JasTMcMenomeyT™"^™ Chas."mcMenoickt.| j
JAMES JIcMESOMKI & SON,
UXUEKTAKKKS AND KMBAI.MKKS, :
1037 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. 3354. ■
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMER3,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
19 Van Ness aye., near Market st., San Francisco
Telephone bo. 158.
Till: SAM irK AM CISCO CALL, JULY 5, 1896.
ALL PATRIOTIC
AND REPUBLICAN.
Brief History of the Great
Afro- American
League.
WORK OF FIVE YEARS.
Started in San Francisco With
Less Than One Hundred and
Fifty Members.
LEAGUES NOW IN EVERY CITY.
Membership Throughout the State
Now Numbers Something Over
S yen Thousand.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Afro-
Americans of this City who were mem
bers of the Republican party and advo
cates of its general policy, including the
belief that none but responsible and honest
men should be nominated and elected to
hold official positions, took place in Ger
mama (now California) Hail, 662 Biuh
street, Monday evening, August 10, 1891.
| After an interchange of the opinions of
j those present it was decided to form an
! association that would uunold the princi
ples of the Republican party and by this
action benefit their people in maintaining
tneir political rights. In addition they de
sired to assist, as far as they were able, in
the National, State and municipal elec
tions, so that the party of Fremont, Lin
coln, Sumner and other noble men might
win triumphs of a permanent and im
portant character. It was also understood
that as the plan of operation and member
ship of the league increased, strenuous ef
forts would be made to obtain employment
for those looking for work, and in this and
other ways establish a fraternity of inter
est an 1 good will toward eacii other.
Under most propitious circumstances
the Afro-American League of San Fran
cisco was organized with about 150 mem
bers. When the question was asked who
should be the leader of this new movement,
the respense came by the unanimous selec
tion of T. B. Morton. It was a wise choice.
Tiiis gentleman not only had the confi
dence of his brother members, but he pos
sessed administrative ability of a high
order, and was regarded as not only capa
ble but entirely trustworthy. An execu
tive committee was also selected and the
league started with bright hopes on a
career of great usefulness. It must be ad
mitted that there were some people who
; did not fully understand the objects in
view, who had doubts as to the success of
the enterprise and soon became prophets
of il! omen and who with much assurance
vigorously asserted that the league would
have a very short and by no means a
charmed life. It was believed that as soon
| aa the next election was held it would Dass
out of existence and never be heard of
again.
But these prophets were mistaken.
They forgot to take into account the zeal
and enthusiasm of President Morton. The
meetings of the league have increased in
interest and attendance. They are held
monthly, special meetings being called
when circumstances require.
The San Francisco League was the first
A fro- American league organized in tliis
State and has been followed by many or
ganizations of a similar character and
purpose throu hout California.
The league has frequently assisted in a
charitable way many worthy causes, irsti
j tutions and persons deserving of financial
aid, as well as indorsements and proper
recognition of those engaged in educa
tional and reformatory movements.
Among such instances it is fitting to refer
to the visit of Miss Hattie Q. Brown to the
Pacific Coast on behalf of the Tuskegee
Institute, Booker T. Washington founder
and president, located in Alabama, and
under the management of a board of con
trol composed of members of their race.
Soon after her arrival in San Francisco the
league tendered her a grand testimonial.
Tne handsome sum of $103 was realized,
$/8 of which was handed to Miss Brown
for the benefit of the institute, and the
balance, $25. was donated and sent to Miss
Gordon, a colored lady in charge of the
five schools of the Congo Free State.
In 1893 Miss Valletta Winalow expressed
a desire to visit the Eastern section of the
Union for the purpose of completing her
studies. This larly always gave her ser
vice yoiuntarially when called upon to as
sist in racial enterprises. Remembering
these courteous acts. Mr. Morton and the
members of the league, desirous of mani
festing their respect for the youne lady,
arranged a benefit, and placed in her
hand-« $45 as a result of their efforts.
When in the fall of 1893 the news was re
ceived of the cruel and wanton lynching
of Blunt and Milier iv the South by a law
less mob, tDe league called a mass-meet
ing to denounce the outrage and to de
mand proper redress for the perpetration
of so great a crime. The gathering was a
lar<rc one, and very determined in tone
and character.
It <iid not forget the surviving widows
of the murdered men, but raised $25 for
each of them to assist iv defraying the ex
penses of a suit for damages in the States
where the outrages occurred.
On this occasion Colonel John o' Byrne
dplivred the principal address, and Hon.
Max Popper raised tbecollection. Through
the encouragement ana efforts of the
league Miss Ida B. Wells, the famous and
world-renowned lecturer and opponent of
lynching, delivered several stirring and
eloquent addresses here, as well as in the
principal cities of California, and also in
Denver, Col.o
"The Afro-American League," said W.
E. Henderson, State lecturer, yesterday,
"is Republican in poli'ics, but "under all
circumstances reserves the right to be tbe
sole judge of what constitutes a Republi
can.
"They hare always taken an active part
in politics, believing it the duty of every
true American citizen to keep corrupt
men out of office and only true, honest,
loyal Americans to be entrusted with the
affairs of the State and Nation. We be
lieve the highest duty a man owes to him
self is the love of a home, and in order to
have a home and have it properly pro
tected he must be interested in the politi
cal affairs of the State and Nation.
"Hence, we have always felt it a para
mount duty to defeat any candidate for
office that does not come up to our stand
ard of Republicanism."
There will be a second Animal Congress
i of the Afro- Americans of California held
I in the city of Los Angelas August 10.
They expect, with a satisfactory railroad
rate, an outpouring of their people such
as has never been seen in this State.
Tbe officers of the league are: T. B.
Morton, president; Abraham Strather,
secretary; Ezekiel Cooper, treasurer. Ex
ecutive committee— W. W. Butler, chair
man; Oliver Patelow, E. T. Huhbard, An
drew Gant, R. H. Clifford. John Q. Barton,
George W. Brown, secretary. W. E. Hen
derson, State lecturer. State organizers —
Rev. Tilghman Brown, San Francisco;
Key. W. A. JJrinfcJey, Stockton; Rev. Rob
en Birdwell. Paso Robles; Hon. John Pe
ters, La tj range; Rev. George E. Duncan,
association chaplain.
The colored people of California look
forward to the assembling of this congress
as the great event of the year, as they have
twenty-seven leagues throughout the
State, with a membership of nearly 7000.
VIEWS OF MORTON.
Makes a Special Plea to the Repub
lican Party for Recognition of
His People.
One of the leading men of the colored
people of the State is T. B. Morton, who
las been a resident of San Francisco for
many years. He is the president of the
State organization of the Afro-American
eagues, as well as president of the City
league. The prominence and influence he
las obtained among the members of hi 3
ace springs from a desire to benefit his
people.
In August next, at Los Angeles, will be
leld the second annual congress of the
A.fro- American leagues. Alatters of great
mportance will be presented for intelli
gent consideration by the delegates, who
:ome from ali parts of California to repre
sent their respective leagues or clubs.
"It is most difficult," said President
Morton yesterday, "for a colored man to
obtain employment in the general avoca
tions of life on account of the senseless
irejudice that exists against the black
nan. He is not allowed a fair chance in
ac race of life, not even in the industries
hat are protected in part by his vote,
nany obstacles being placed in his way
when attempting to earn a livelihood. On
this account the congress will, no doubt,
levote much attention as to the means to
>c employed and encouragement given to
better our present unfortunate condition.
"It will undoubtedly advise the race
generally to contribute by their labor
more to the markets of their immediate
ocalities, but also of the entire State— in
tine to become more and more producers,
and in this way be independent and more
self-reliant citizens. For instance to make
combinations so that business enterprises
can be engaged in on a moderate scale; to
acquire the knack of manufacturing many
saleable articles; to encage in more indus
tries and callings than" at present, such as
mining, farming, gardening, raising vari
ous kinds of produce, vegetables, fruits
and flowers.
"The young people of the race will be
encouraged by the coneress to cultivate
their talents so that they will be fitted lor
the various callings in the business world,
and not De contented to live from hand, to
mouth. We need to show our ability, and
we have considerable, and thus receive
that recognition we deserve, and disarm
many good men and women who wish as
prosperity of any lurking prejudice that
remains. The sight of a colored man suc
cessfully managing a little farm, keeping
a booK or grocery store, or as Booker T.
Wasnington says: 'The sight of. a colored
man owning and operating a brickyard
that turns out 50.000 bricks per day is
worth more in convincing the world of our
worth than weeks, and even months, of
ab.- tract argument.'
"It may be of interest to state that the
membership of the league has increased
from 3000 last year to something over
6000 at the present time, so that it is ex
pected that this large number wiKJ>e well
represented at the coming congress, show
ing a concerted movement in tne enlarge
ment and work of our racial organizations..
Indeed, there is an increasing desire to
pool our differences and co-operate for our
advantage individually and collectively.
"Now as to what action the con
gress will take with regard to the
political parties and political issues, it
is hard for me to outline the course that
will be pursued. It is well known that
our people generally vote the Republican
ticket, and of rignt should do so. But
for several years past there lias been stead
ily growing dissatisfaction all over tne
country with the treatment that has been
accorded by the party tnat claims to b.*
the exponent of equality before the law,
of equal rights and equal common privi
leges in a legal sense and from a political
point of view. Thecau^efor tuis discon
tent is that some of the lead, rs, and even
many of the rank and file, unmistakably
and most plainly show that they care
nothing more than to secure the colored
man's vote at the polls, and then they turn
their backs upon dim until another cam
paign comes round.
"What we want and wnat we shall fight
for is to have our rights considered by the
Republican party. I do not mean in
promises — we have had enough of that
cin<: oi talk — but something substantial —
something which will show that our loy
ilty to ihe party is appreciated. Tne
Democratic party is the natural enemy of
the 'clack man,' and our only hope lies
with the success of the Republican party.
1 Not long ago one of the party leaders
from tne Southern portion of the State,
whi;e in tuis City on business connected
with the Republican party, was spoken to
is to the advisability of "placing one col
ored man from the South and one from t,:e
North on the State Central Committee at
arge as the colored vote had increased ma
terially and it would be well for the party
to pay a little more attention to this ele
nent, especially since all the side-show
parties were drawing heavily Irom the Re
publican party.
"The attention of the gentleman was
sailed to the fact that the Democrats had
placed a colored man on tueir State com
mittee, and that he was aiso a member of
the executive committee. To this, he said :
•That's nothing. What's the use to be
worrying about !ish we have cot skinned
and ready to :"ry? All you need to do
when the time comes is just to give him a
good, grand old whqop-up time, and men
tion the name of Lincoln, and you can't
drive them from us. We have been frying
them for years, and with the names of
Lincoln, Sumner, Grant and a few otners,
we can do it for years to come— just let
them alone; don't bother yourself about
them, and everything is all right.'
"Now this is pretty good evidence of
the loyalty of the negroes to the Republi
can party and I am truly proud of it, but
I cannot say that I like to have a Repub
lican speak of our martyred presidents,
Lincoln and Garfieid; nor of Sunnier,
Grant and other great statesmen, as noth
ing more than old nsh grease to fry salt
herrings with; but tie evidently meant no
reflection on the noble records of these
truly distinguished men, but simply that
he and all these latter day saints ot Repub
licanism could and would continue to ride
on the backs and votes of the black man
into official station, upon the brilliant
Republican record of these illustrious
men named.
"If it is a duty, and it certainly is, for
all of us as a rule to vote for the white
Republican candidates all the time, it cer
tair.ly would be a grateful as well as a
graceful act— indeed an act of simple jus
tice — for the Republican party as a whole
to vote for men of our race some of the
time, if nothing more. But I am firmly
convinced that all of these petty wrongs
and personal slights can be, and I trust
will be, remedied by a concerted action
among the broad, liberal minded and right
thinking men within the Republican party
itself, and I trust in no other way. At the
same time I am aware that no preat prin
ciple or question is ever permanently set
tled until it h settled right. I have been,
and ever since President Harrison's last
letter accepting tbe nomination from the
Minneapolis convention in which, being
scared to death by the New York Sun and
the howling Democrats in the House, he
flew the track, on this question, satisfied
that the question of human rights,
upon which all other rights depend
in organized Governments, would not oc
ctipy much space in positive form in the
platform of the party again, especially so
far as it relates to 'the black race in the
United States, until we ourselves, sup
ported as we will be by that, large follow
ing of old-fashioned Republicans who are
watching the course of the party and see
how it is drifting by degrees from its orig- |
inal and fixed principles based upon the j
equality of all citizens be:"ore the Jaw,
present this issue again before the Repub
lican party. Tt seem* to me that the only
way this can be effectively done is by a \
thorough organization of our people in j
every State where our vote is not only an '
important factor, but absolutely necessary
to the success of the party, and then form i
a union of all these State organizations.
This would concentrate the vole of
ihe Afro-American citizens for a common
purpose throughout the country. In this
connection I can say that this work, while
it is uphill, it is true, is progressing most
satisfactorily. We must make our strength
felt in the county and State first, espe
cially in the Congressional elections and
for the right kind of men; for, say what
you will, all the wronesand injustice done
the negro can be traced directly to the de
nial of this right.
"Speaking on this point J. Sloat Fassett
of New York said :
Tbe past is certainly useful to us in so far as
It demonstrates the ability of our party to re
deem its pledges, «nd its ability to govern in a
broad and enlightened way a free and pro
gressive people. Our pledges have been kept,
all save one, and 1 greatly mistake the temper
of the Republican party if it will be contented
until that pledge is made good. Our honor is
pledged to continue the contest for a free and
honest ballot until the question is settled in
the right. That a free people should enst a
free vote and have it honestly recorded and re
I— ~_ ~~-~~~~~~_~w^. ' . NEW to-pay.
JVARI'CO-CE LE
Wasting Weakness, Failing Man-
I hood and Nervous Debility
I Are Easily Cured by
I While you sleep at night "^SfftW"-' Dr. San den « Electric
this belt soaks your Belt has a newly pat-
weakened nerves full of —^"^ri s S^L ented regulator which
electricity and restores 2§fj£%%l§P makes the current mild
your health. It is surer or strong while the belt
and cheaper than mcdi- zZ^j&t^M^C is on the body. No other
cine. I|^^§ belt made can be re u -
'tfft'lW lated -
The disease known as varicocele has baffled the medical profession at every tarn.
The various attempts to remove it have all proven ineffective, and some of them even
more injurious than the disease itself. The knife, vacuum, compression and massage
have all been tried and all failed, and yet Varicocele and its large following of wastine
weaknesses can be cured. Varicocele is a congestion of the stagnant blood in the
veins, with considerable distention of the glands. Electricity will decompose this
congested state and drive the stagnant blood into the circulation, relieving the vein.
of the weakening strain, at the same time contracting the glands which have crown
weak from the disease, thus curing the whole trouble. '
DR. SANDERS ELECTRIC BELT,
Recognized by the medical profession as the most scientific method for the application
of the electric current to the body, and backed by many thousands of cures of various
nervous and chronic cases, is now acknowledged the best means ol reaching the dread
Waiting disease * ***«•»•
VARICOCELE.
Its power over this disease is remarKable. Cures have been completed in on»
month, and the worst cases can be reached in three months by this belt. As an evi-
dence of recent results the following will be interesting:
"I would like to add my testimony to numerous others in possession of Dr
Banden's Electric Belt Co. I purchased a belt from Dr. Sanden about the first of
April, which I used according to directions, and after three months' trial I am happy
to state that my varicocele. which was of twelve years' standing, is almost entirely
disappeared, my testicles being almost normal. I take great pleasure in recommend-
ing this Belt to any one suffering from like trouble. Respectfully yours, .
"\V. E. JOHNS, 1139 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. June 18 1896 "
"On receipt of your Belt I was requested to report in thirty days and I therefore
let you know how lam getting along. I must say that the results are away beyond
my expectations, and I now believe in the wonderful power of the Belt. I notice an
improvement all over my body and especially the varicocele, which before I wore the
Belt were large swollen veins, have almost entirely and completely disappeared, and
the seminal weakness which I have suffered from for a long time has entirely disap-
peared lam now as strong in this particular as I wish to be. I wish you to publish
thislette? that other sufferers my profit by my experience." *uu"a«
N. DAMATO, Penryn, Cal.
nCarlyallStOPPedand e ? tire * «™' Vo <*
. „ . , ... J - iN - LfcTHER . Emigrant Gap. Cal.
My varicocele, which was very bad and painful sn that r h«j ♦
was helped right away and in oneSonth had dfsappeared akoge^her!" "*** * SUPPOrti
.. a . , , A " A. KURTZ, T'ualitan, Or.
Belthas'cured"^' 16 and ™* Vl^'a^J: S^iJV**" Electri « •
ij. 1,. JAOOAKD, Jeweler. San Leandro, L'aL
Think of the happiness, the deep, heart-whole con-
tent that settles upon your mind.when you say to your-
self, "I am strong and manly ; I have preserved the gift
of manhood that nature gave me." Yes, you who can
say that, and say it honestly, think of how much you owe
to nature, the giver of manhood. Yet not many can say
it There are too many pitfalls, too many temptations in
the path of young men, and too many of them fall
, It is to correct the error of youthful folly, and to
point; out the happy recovery of manly vigor by his won-
derful Electric Belt, that Dr. Sanden has given to the
world his. famous book, "Three Classes of Men" He
will send a pocket edition, free, sealed, to any sufferer, or
to any man who does not feel himself a man. Get it. Dr.
banden's Electric Belt cures weak men.
Call or address
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN^ANCISCO.
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours-8 A. M. to 8:30 P. M.: Sundays, 10 to 1.
-, - — OFFICES AT-
1.08 ANGELES. CAI* A PORTrAwnr.t,
SW BoatH Broadway. 25<f v? £ AND> OR "
• *°S Washington sireab
turned is the dream and determination of the
Republican party and the dessair and night
mare of the Democratic. It is Jne pride of the
R°publicnn party thnt it never yet has com
mitted an assault upon the irtedom of the bal
lot. The entire vocabulary of political crimes
has grown out of attempts' to describe n.«snults
of Democracy upon the freedom of the ballot
and fair piny in the exercise of franchi-e, »a
the individual words have been mndo intelli
gible by Democratic practices. No question
has ever been permanently settled, and never
will be finally determined until it is settled in
the right; and until every citizen, white or
black, East or West, North or South, can ap
proach the ballot-box with absolute security,
and have his vote counted with absolute hon
esty, none of u^ l can rest assured that our lib
erties »re safe unless the votes of all men are
safe. It is not the negro alone who is disfran
chised, it Is every American.
"Correctly and bravely spoken, Mr. Fas
sett. The honor of the warty is pledged to
continue tl is contest, and the Hon.
Thomas B. Keed, who was forced to tako
the platform immediately afttr the chair
man bad concluded, as if to make it more
impressive, said:
It is true that wealth has been poured into
the lnp of a.l onr people by the great system
which we believe in and which we have car
ried out. But I say to you t'>-day, there is a
nobler future even than having given pros
perity to the country before the Republican
party [applause], and that nobler future is to
give to every citizen of the United States the
liberty of thought and action. [Applause.]
Wealth and prosperity are noble, but human
liberty is magnificent. [Great applause.]
"Only a few days before these sound
American statesraaniike declarations Pres
ident Harrison, on his way to the Decora
tion-day ceremonies at Rochester, N. V.,
(instead of going fishing on that sacred
natal day) said :
While claiming oar own rights under the
law, we will freely and magnanimously con
cede to every other man his. [Applause.] The
great power of public sentiment will manifest
itself upon all questions that have a moral
truth in them. Men may divide upon eco
nomic questions— they will; but wherever a
touch of rifht or wrone, wherever a question
of human right intervenes, the great senti
ment oi this country will find its powerfui and '
unanimous expression. [Applause.]
"Tlie Afro-American Congress, soon to
convene in Los Ancele?, will do all within
its power to encourage and maintain a
cheerful, hopeful, buoyant spirit amidst
the darkness and the gloom."OAKLAND NEVER
WAS MORE QUIET.
Pleasure-Seekers Flocked to
the Surrounding Parks
and Hills.
TIRES AND ACCIDENTS.
They Were of a Very Mild
Order and No Serious Dam
age Was Done.
SALVATION ARMY PICNIC.
Celebrations Were Held at Many In
terior Po nts in the
County.
Oakland Office Sak Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 4. f
Oakland has never been quieter on a Na
tional holiday than it was to-day. Even
when the forest primeval stood where tbe
electric tracks now traverse Broadway
there was as much sign of life as to-day.
The city took a holiuay, but it took it
out of town. There was not a vestige of
anything approaching a celebration, no
attempt at decoration and not a surplus of
firecrackers. A few small boys met with
accidents and Dr. Akerly attended to two
rather serious cases, but no severe acci
dents were, reported.
There were a few small fires, but the
damage was very slight. What might
have developed into a big blaze called the
department to Sixth avenue and East
Eleventh street. A block of old barns and
houses is located there and surrounding
everything is dry crass several feet nish.
Firecrackers set the brush on fire in sev
eral places, and for a time the houses were
threatened, but by fighting the flames
from several points serious damage was
prevented.
There was much growling in the drunk
department of the City Hall. Under ordi
nary conditions last night's crop would
have been released to-morrow, but as Sun
day follows the Fourth there is no relief
for the unfortunates till Monday morning.
Some of the celebrants were so mudaied
this morning that Jaijer Barnett lost bis
patience explaining to his guests how it
all happened.
The Salvation Army held a reunion of
the bay cities and towns at Beulah Park, ft
was larceiy attended and officers and sol
diers eathered from all Darts. Adjutant
Egner, who left Oakland two years ago
to go and establish the work in Honolulu,
wa« present and gave a very gratifying ac
count of the work in the islands, where
several flourishing stations are now
founded.
At Leona Heights there was an old
fashioned Fourth of July time and a
patriotic programme "was carried out un
der the direction ot H. B. M. Miller, who
was president of the day.
Haywards had festivities at the park
and the programme as published a few
days ago was carried out to the letter.
Blair Park was visited by thousands,
who witnessed the balloon ascent and
danced to the music.
There were also celebrations tt Liver
more, Mount Eden and Pleasanton, and
Brooklyn Parlor, N. S. G. W., held its an
nual picnic at San Lorenzo Grove.
A DAY FOR EACH TOWN,
Programme Committee of the
Exposition Makes a Par
tial Report
A Baby Shew Will Also Bj Among
the Afternoon Attrac
tions.
Oaklaud Office San Frakcibco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 4. f
The directors of the Oakland exposition
met last night and received the partial re
port of the programme committee. It is
as follows:
The programme committee would suggest
the appointment of Alex Stewart as musical di
rector of the exposition, he to organize a band
to be known as the Oakland Exposition band
same to furnish music afternoons and even,
ings when required. •
The opening night it is hoped that we may
have speeches by Governor Budd, Senator Per
kins, Irvinjt M. Scoit and Horace Davis. The
committee recommend that there be no speak
ing- at the evening entertainments, except at
the opening Digbt.
We are arranging to have certain dayg dedi
cated to the following cities and towns: Ala
xneda, Berkeley, San Leandro, Uaywards,
Is'iles. Pleasanton and Livermore, and it is
hoped that the railroads will make special con
cession * on these days.
One entire Saturday we hope to give up to
the children of the public schools, the after
noon for those of the first grade and lower and
the evening to those of the grammar and high
schools.
B. McFadden, D. Edward Collins, Thoa Gier
and A. E. Nysinger, representing the follow
ing societies of Alameda County: Irish,
Scotch , German and African, are each arrang
ing an evening programme. There will be
musical and literary exercises, together with
characters of the different countries.
A competitive drill Jor prizes by the Boys'
Brigade of Alameda County is thought of ior
oDe evening.
The Native Sops, Acme and Reliance Ath
letic clubs and ihe G. A. R. will be asked to
furnish an evening's entertainment.
For the afternoons the following are under
consideration: Kindergarten exercises, baby
show, lady writers, universal buffrage, enter
tainment for children.
Arrangements were made to erect a
Mammoth tent, and the flooring will be
commenced in a few days. The committee
also recommended that the stage be en
larged so as to extend across the entire
eastern wail of the tabernacle, and that a
sounding board be added. Both sugges
tions will be carried out.
Tamb»- Brugge.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 4.— There was a
pretty In>Jepen<lence-day wedding at ihe
Norwegian M. E. Church," Twentieth street, !
this evening. E. B. Tuinbs, a well-known j
railroad man, was united In marriage to I
Miss Carrie J. Brugge, a young lady of I
Piedmont. Rev. P. Peterson performed
the ceremony, and the many friends of the
bride had made the church look very hana
some with their decorations. The brides
maids were Miss Carrie Anderson, Miss
Lena Anderson and Miss M. Eliason.
Miss May Brugge, the bride's sister, was
maid of honor. Hartwig Tamos was his
brother's best man. Mr. and Mrs. Tarubs
will reside in their new home on Oakland
avenue.
A Patriotic Service.
OAKLAND, Cal.. July 4.— At the Brook
lyn Presbyterian Church to-morrow even
ing there will be special patriotic services.
Rev. S. S. Palmer will read Washington's
farewell address of 1796 and will then
preach from it as his text.
THE FRUIT CROP.
Pears Suffering From Slug! at San
Lorenzo — Good Prices Obtained
Jn the K:iit-
OAKLAND, Cal., July 4.-The follow
ing statements regarding the fruit crop
and prospects were compiled by the Hay
wards Journal:
In the East last Wednesday Alameia and
Santa Clara- cherries sold for 20 cents a pound.
The pear slug is doing considerable damage
in many San Lorenzo orchiirds. A solution of
parts green is recommended — one pound to
200 gallons of water. wit*i a mixture of soap.
Messrs. I. H. hegier, J. Gawne and other
growers ot San Leandro have de«id< d to ship
their "apricots tr> the Eastern markets thu
year. The San Francisco canners have com
bined, with the result that it does not pay to
ship to that market.
The attitude o$ the canneries In refusing to
set a price on apricots is bi-iiiß closely watched
by the orchardists, and many are well pre
pared to dry the fruit rather than sell it ior a
cheap figure, says the Haywards Review.
A. H. Hall Is a"Livennore V»lley farmer. For
a year or two nast the June tmes have played
havoc with Ms apricot crop. This year he
started In to Us ht ttie bugs with smudge fires.
For weeks past fee has kept his apricot trees
saturated with Bi'>oke, and as a consequence
has a nice clean crop of cots. He says when
the smoke {joes into the trees tne June bugs go
up In swarms, like geese at the crack of a
shotgun.
The Georgia peach crop, which is considered
quite a factor in competition with California
fruit, is reported to be only one-third to half a
crop, a* compared with last season, and there
is liable to be still further damage to tne
Georgia crop on account of rains early in
July.
Suffered for Patriotism.
OAKLAND. Cal., July 4.— Parker Bald
win was letting off fireworks at daylight
this morning and blew off one joint of a
middle linger, besides wounding tne iris
of his eye. Willie Heinold burned a por
tion of his nose with powder, and both
lads were fixed up at the Receiving Hos
pital. *
DONDERO SCORED POINTS
Successful Field Day Held by
the Oriole Athletic
Club.
Events and Their Winners — Liquor
Men on the Watch— To Teach
Deaf-Mutes.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 4.— The Oriole
Athletic Ciub of Lorin held a field day
this afternoon on Alcatraz avenue. The
winner of the largest score was H. Donden,
who made 28 points.
The full list of events and winners was
as follows:
100-ysrd dash— Brock first, Bishop second.
Time, 12 sec.
100-yard dash, open race — J. Stint first.
Time, ll l^ sec.
230-yard dash— H. Dondero first, Cole second.
Time, 28 ccc.
100-yard dash for boys under 14 years old —
R. Brock first.
440-yard dash— H. Dondero first, Muller
second. Time, 1 mm. 10 sec.
880-yard dash— Dondero first, J. Streib sec
ond.
High jump — Dondero first, Brock second,
height 5 feet 4 inches.
Left-arm shot-put— W. Wright first, Doudero
second, distance 29 feet 4 inches.
12-pound hammer-throw— Wright first, Brock
second, distance 78 feet.
Shot-put— Brock first, Wright second, distance
38 leet 6 inches.
Married men's race, J. Olsen; girls' rare,
Miss Grace Mouser; young ladies' race, Miss
Elina Streib.
Pole vault— C. Cole first, J. Streib second,
height 9 feet
Broad jump— Cole first, E. Norton and F.
Muller tied for second, distance 18 feet 8
inches.
The officers of the day were Albert
Wright, starter; I. Harmon, marshal ; R.
Barnes and W. Hill, judges.
Liquor Men on the Watch.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 4.— The East
Berkeley keepers of "speakeasies" have
taken alarm at rumors that Marshal Lloyd
was about to commence another series of
raids, and intoxicants are not as freely
sold as has been the case up to this time.
The passage of tbe new liquor ordinance
gives tbe Marshal the same powers as were
hip last October, and which resulted in the
big roundup of private-barkeepers at that
time.
To Teach Deaf-Mute*.
BERKELEY. Cal., July 4.— Two new
teachers have been engaged for the deaf
mutes of tbe State institution at Berkeley.
The new teachers are Miss Harriet
Good, formerly a teacher in the Indiana
institution, and her sister, Miss Cornelia
Good, late of the Philadelphia institution.
The Misßes Good will take the places of
Miss Crandall and Misg Hutchinson, who
bave resigned, the latter to be married to
Mr. Cobbledick of Oakland.
I.oriu Firemen* Election.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 4.— The Lorin
Fire Company has elected the following
officers: William Carey. president; George
Clew, vice-president; Frank Dixon, secre
tary; Peter Mickelson, treasurer; Julius
Btriebe, sergeant-at-arms: J. SUpleton,
foreman; assistants, L. S. Rodgers, Wil
liam Jones.
intcreßting News Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 4.— A sacred
organ concert will be given to-morrow
evening in Su Mark's Cnurch after the
services by the organist, Harvey Loy.
Willie Walker, an orphan who has re
sided with Mrs. McAllister on Haste
street, was arrested to-day for stealing a
buggy robe. A recommendation will be
made that the lad be sent to a reform
school.
The members of the Bonth Berkeley
Presbyterian Church will hold a ousiness
meeting next Monday evening at the resi
dence of the pastor.
Young Gartield Clark is being looked for
by Marshal Lloyd. Clark is declared to
have ouehy assaulted his mother, and ef
forts will be made to have him committed
to the Whittier Reform School.
HIT BY A STRAY BULLET.
Miss C!ara Ellis Painfully
but Not Seriously
Wounded.
Boys Supposed to Have Taken
Advantage of a Patriotic
Ordinance.
Oakland Office San Fhancisoo Call,>
908 Broadway, July 4. j
Miss Clara Ellis of Bray avenue, Fruit
vale, was shot and seriously wounded to
night on: Webster street. The shooting
was evidently done by some one who was
firing bullets instead of the blank car •
t ridges allowed by the city ordinance to be
discharged on the 3d, 4th and sth of July.
Miss Ellis was walking along Webster
street, and when near Eleventh street she
was struck in the cheek by a bullet which
fortunately had spent most of its force.
The missile plowed through the lady's
cheek and lodged in the back of the neck.
The injured woman was taken to a
drugstore and Dr. Johnson probed for the
bullet. As it was not in a dangerous posi
tion he succeeded in extracting it. Miss
Ellis was sent home after the operation
and will, it is expected, recover in a few
weeks.
Several reports were made to-night that
young men were taking advantage of the
blank cartridge ordinance and were firing
bullets. The mishap that befell Miss
E.»i9 will probably result in an amend
ment to the ordinance. Miss Ellis did not
see any one who she thinks may have
tired the shot.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
PUT DENIED TO
VETERAN SOLDIERS
They Wanted to Establish
a Place at Lone Tree
Cemetery.
NO REASON WAS GIVEN.
Land Was Bought With Money
Issued ior the Home
Guard.
NEVER SAW ACTIVE SERVICE.
Now the Veterans C nsider That
They Are Entitled to a Small
Section.
Oakland Office San Fbancisto Call,}
908 Broadway, July 4. )
Tbe old soldiers of Hav wards are de
spondent. They are without a special
veterans' plat in any cemetery and they
feel that they should be accorded tbe
privilege.
For a long time the veterans in that
neighborhood, have been trying to procure
a plat of their own, but so far they have
not been succersful. Beveral weeks ago
they held a meeting to discuss t c matter,
and as a result a communication was sent
to the trustees of Lone Mountain Cemetery
asking that enough land be donated to
provide for the veterans, of whom there
are not a great number. They agreed to
keep the plat in order and to make it one
of the most beautiful spots in the ceme
tery.
They waited a long time for a reply and
when it finally came it was not the kind
of answer that they had expected. It
merely stated that tbe trustees were "un
able to comply with your request." The
reply was very short, and its shortness
has had the same effect on the old soldiersf
as stroking tbe tiair the wrong way has on
a cat.
The veterans feel that they were at least
entitled to a reason for the refusal to com
ply with their request, and they feel sore
toward Trustees Rice, Dole, Linnaker ana
Luce because no explanation was given.
"There is much ground on which to base ■
our request," said one of the veterans to- j
day. "We would not have asked for a
pint if we di i not think we were leinti- ,
mately entitled to it In tbe first place,
our request was a very respectful one. We
offered to take good care of the plat, to <
plant flowers and keep them cultivated,
Mid to see that the graves were neat and !
frequently decorated. We also wished to
erect a flagstaff, so that on all public occa
sions Old Glory could float over the graves
of those who loved her more than them
selves. We would also have tried to pro
cure some permanent decorations in the
way of old pieces of ordnance from the
Army and Navy Department, and alto
gether we would have made the plat a j
place of beauty and suggestively histor- j
ical.
"At the time of the war what was known
as tbe Home Guard was organized at Hay
wards. It was carried on as a body of mili
tiamen, but they were never called upon.
Indeed, the idea was that they were sim
ply organized for action in case actual hos
tilities should reach the coast. Money
was raised for that part of the guard, but
as it was never pressed into service the
fund was not used.
" Vfter some time had elapsed the money
was invested in a cemetery, and each mem
ber of the Home Guard obtained title to a
lot for about $10. The whole cemetery
was bought for a * mall sum, and we think
we are entitled to a piece oi it. The ama
teur soldiers will be buried in it, but the
veterans who saw active service are denied
the privilege of being buried in a 'soldier's
plat' "
ft QUIET CELEBRATION,
The Day Closely Observed as a
Holiday by All Classes of
the Community.
Meeting of the People's Party and
of the Board of
H a.ih
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 4.— The National
anniversary was celebrated here to-day by
the display of bunting and flags on the
public buildings and the closing of all the
business places on the streets. It is not
known when the day was so closely ob
served bnfore.
The trains and electric cars carried
three-fourths of the residents out of the
city, and left the stay-at-home boy and the
firemen to hold high carnival with them
selves and bundes of firecrackers.
No fires have occurred, and the only ac
cident reported is that of a member of the
fourth estate, whose white waistcoat and
shirt bosom were demolished by the burst
ing of a big redjack firecracker.
Health Measures.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 4.— The regular
meeting of the Board of Health was held
laxt'nigbt.
The Health Officer's report bhowed 28
births and 13 deaths for the month of
June. Tne contagious diseases reported
were: Scarlet fever 1, measles 2, tuber
culosis 1 and chicken-pox 5.
The Sanitary Inspector reported that he
had inspected fifteen new buildings and
collected $59 in fees.
Dr. Lubbock made reference to the
canned cream and bottled milk of a cer
tain creamery. To feed any infant with
the stuff would in his opinion be next
door-neighbor to murder. Several samples
were inspected at the meeting and all
found to be in a high state of putrefaction.
The permit to sell their goods in this city
was revoked by a unanimous vote.
The People's Party.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 4.— An impor
tant meeting of the People's party was
held tbis evening in the lower ball of
Linderman Opera-house. Matters in con
nection with the Presidential campaign
were discussed, and >t was resolved "That
it is ior the be.-t interests of the people
that a man De nominated by the People's
party for President of the United States
who is in sympathy with the principles of
the Omaha platform."
John Drew Next Weelr.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 4.— The interest
manifested in the engagement of John
Drew at the Macdonough for three nights
beginning Tuesday night next indicates
that it will be brilliant in its results from
all standpoints. Of its artistic success we
have not the slightest doubt, for Mr.
Drew's conscientious and finished work is
already well known to Oakland playgoers.
The opening bill will be Madeleine Lu
cette Kyley's picturesque love story,
"Christopher Jr.," which Mr. Drew pre
sented for fifteen weeks at Charles Froh
man's Empire Theatre. Wednesday and
Thursday nights K. C. Carton's comedy of
men, manners and woman's foible 3, "The
£q-.iire of Dames," wiii be given. ThiS
latter comedy has so far been the crown
ing event of Mr. Drew's stellar career, and
he presented it with what rnpy be de
scribed as tremendous success for the last
three weeks of his thirty weeks' season
in New Yoric Miss Maud Adams,, of
course, has the leading feminine roles in
both nlays and every other member of
this perfect company is admirably cast.
Mr, D-ew's engagement formally opens
the Macdonougb under its new lessees and
manager?, Messrs. Friedlander. Gottlob
& Co., and in their honor sevoral th-ater
parties will cross the bay from ban Fran
cisco. The bouse will be beautifully deoo
rated.
LOST HI THUMB.
Frank O'Neal Sorry That He Handled
a Brake-Rod.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 4. — Frank
O'Neal's curiosity cost him a thumb
to-day. Frank was with several other
lads who were inspecting one of the new
cars of the Laundry Farm Electric Rail
road. The boys were handling tbe brake
baams and O'Neal had hold of one when
the motorman let go the brake, not know
ing that the boys were handling it.
Frank's thumb was twiste.i instantly
around the cylinder and was flattened out
tot c second joint. It required half an
hour to release the lad's finder. Detective
Holland drove him to the Receiving Hos
pital, where the curtailed member was
dressed.
FIRES ON THE FOURTH.
Only Eleven Calls Made on the
Fire Department to Mid
night.
0;e Bad Blaz • on Stockton Street
Completely Gutted a Fancy
Dry Gocds Store.
During the twenty-four hours of the
Fourth of July the Fire Department was
only called out eleven times, while in for
nier years tbe engine»were on the run all
of the time and frequently the number of
alarms reacUed nearly a hundred. Last year
but fourteen alarms were sounded, but
this Fourth all previous records were
broken, particularly as two of the alarms
were false.
The loss and damage this year was much
smaller than heretofore. As might be ex- !
pected nearly all of yesterday's fires were j
started by tue burning refuse of fireworks
tailing between bmldincs and into r>iles of !
rubbish. With one exception, a fire in a
dry goods store on Stocicton street, the
Fire Department was not called upon to
do very hard work.
At an early hour yesterday morning an !
alarm was sounded for a fire in H. Somers' i
barber-shop at 414 Montgomery avenue.
The fire was caused by some one carelessly
throwing a ligtiled cigar-stump into a pile
of paper The damace was $70.
Shortly before 10 o'clock a. m. an alarm
was sounded from box 217 for a fire In Mrs. ;
D. Sie^senccr's dry-KOods store at 1813 !
Devisadero street, li was caused by a
small boy throwing a big firecracker
among the dry gools. The builaine. which
j is owned by H. W. Miller, was damaged
I about $25, and the dry goods were damaged
about $100.
It was not until 6 o'clock that the alarms
began to come in. and for a time the fire
men were Kept busy. From that time on
the alarms were as follows:
6p. m., box 234. 128 and 130 Twenty
ninth street, a two-story frame house
owned by Mrs. Anna Gabriel and occupied
as a dwelling by Ms. Gabriel, William
Toohy and James Reeder. Tbe fire was
started by a lot of refuse by tbe side of
tie building being ignited by firecrackers.
Loss, $150.
6:30 p. m., box 183. The fire was at 8
Eighth street, in a building owned by
Thomas Malloy and occupied by J. Bretto
as a beltstore. Fireworks falling between
the walls started the blaze, which resulted
in a los 3of about $250.
8:08 p. m., box 362. Firecrackers started
a small blaze in the residence of John
Cavauaugh, at 814 Fifteenth street, caus
ing damage to ttie amount of $5.
8:57 p. m., box 192. False alarm turned
in on account of a pile of rubbbh burning
in a vacant lot.
9p. m., box 205. A three-story frame
building at 1304 Stockton street, owned by
the Willey estate. The fire broke out on
the ground floor, which was used as a dry
and fancy goods store by George Wood.
It is supposed that some malicious or care
less person burleii a larL'e firecracker
throngh one of the windows, which sst
fire to the stock. By the time the firemen
reached the place the premises were in a
btnze from the floor to the ceiling and it
was necessary to turn on a full head of
water, regardless of tbe stock.
For a time it looked as though the fire
would cut its way into the upper part of the
building and worK out to the adjoining
building, but after fifteen minutes' sharp
fighting the firemen conquered. Mr. Wood
lost his entire stock, and the total loss
and damage will reach $2000. Mr. Wood
stated that his store had beeu closed since
noon, and a big hole in one of the front
windows led toth« belief that a large fire
cracuer was the cause of the blaze.
At 10:10 p. M. box 254 was a false alarm.
10:45 p. m., box 271, John Indenh's dwell
ing at 386 Dolores street. Damage, $5;
cause, firecrackers.
10:50 p M.. box 286, false alarm.
10:45 P. M., box 62— Skyrockets falling
through the glass skylights of Mrs. Bank
er's photograph parlors at 839 Mission
street, set fire to the upper story of the
building, which is a three-story frame
structure.
By the time the blaze was extinguished
the building and contents were damaged
to about $500. Oscar Foss owns the build
ing. _
A WESTERN CRAZE.
Condition* in Finance That Have Much
Influence on Agriculturists.
••I have lately traveled through the
great corn-producing sections of the United
States, 11 said J. H. Phelps of New York, at
the Riggs. "Everywhere I went the gran
aries were filled to bursting witii corn.
From Dcs Moines to Sioux City there are
millions of bushels stored away. It isn't
worth anything scarcely, and the same
may be said of oats, potatoes, and all the
other products of that rich agricultural
region. There is no local demand, and
the transportation charges to distant mar
kets leave no profit to the producer.
"It is not to be wondered at in the face
of such conditions (which also exist in
Illinoia, Nebraska and South Dakota), that
the agricultural people are in favor of free
silver. They are disgusted with the pres
ent status, and are willing to risk the
silver cure. Out in the country if you
buy a cigar or drink and put down a $5
bill, you will invariably get back four
silver dollars and the remainder in silver
of smaller value. Gold is unknown and
paper money is rare. Eastern people who
never get away from home seem surprised
at the strength of the silver cause, but if
they would take a trio as far west as
Omaha they would understand the reasons
that are behind the movement."—Wash
ington Post.
-■ ■ • — ♦ ■»
; Good morning, have you read Thomas Slater's'
advertisement for men on page 11 r - \;
UNDER THE TREES
AT EL CAMPO.
Hibernians Cross the Bay
for a Patriotic
Outing.
A GREAT CELEBRATION.
The Nation's Holiday Fittingly
Observed With Song and
Ceremony.
IMPRESSIVE CLOSING CHORUS.
James H Barry's Stirring Oration.
What G<nrs Were Played
and Priz?s Won.
The one hundred and twentieth anni
versary of American Independence will
long be remembered as a red-letter day in
the history of the Ancient order of Hiber
nians of America in this City and sur
rounding localities.
For many weeks preceding the "Glorious
Fourtu" the chiefs of the Order had la
bored zealously for the success of the
grand picnic which was held yesterday at
El Campo, and that their aims were ac
complished was amply proven by the im
mense concourse of people who partici
pated in this out-of-town celebration.
The festivities on the grounds com
menced upon t.e arrival of the first boat
from San Francisco at 10 a. m and were
continued without intermission until 6
p. M., when, upon a signal from Rev.
Father Crowley, State Chaplain of the A.
O. H. of A., the perspiring musicians hur
ried through the closing numbers of an
"Irish quadrille,'" and by a single bugle
blast announced to the multitude that the
hour for retiring had arrived.
The scene at the moment reflected credit
uuon the great fraternal society under
whose auspices the fete had been
arranged.
Over six thousand happy people re
sponded to ihe strains of "Home, Sweet
Home" and as they filed along the broad
| pathway leading from the pleasure
j grounds to the wharf it was frequently
| remarked that no more orderly, well-be
j hayed assemblage had ever appeared at
i El Campo.
The-programme of exercises included an
oration by James H. Barry, reading of the
; Declaration of Independence by Peter J.
I McCormoekand "The Star-spangled Ban
; ncr" by Miss Kathcrine Black, in costume
i and accompanied by the orchestra; a prize
race for eiris under 12 years of ag^,
won by Katie O'Connell of Tiburon;
Drize races for boys under 16 years or
age, won by Joe Sullivan, 617 Natoma
street, and Ennis Roche, 825^' Folsoni ;
I prize races for married ladies, wmi by Mr.-:,
I Gilroy, 124J4 Noe Btreet, and Mrs. Kelly.
'48 Chepultepec street; prize races f^r
; married men, won by Fred Palmer, of J. J.
O'Brien & Co., and Frank Sullivan, 637
j Natoma street ; Drize races for fat ladies,
won by Mrs. Kate Egan, 651 Myrtle ave
nue, and Mrs. Hurley, 31 Gilbert street;
prize races for fat men, won by H. Bozner
and M. J. Kelly, 303}£ Dolores street.
The tug-of-war was won by the team
representing divisions 2 and 9, and com
posed of the following: John Kehoe
I (anchorman), P. Cassidy, P. Sloan, P. Mc
carty, Jnck Carroll, Con Sweeney, J.
Rickey, P. McNally, T. Davis.
The,losing team, from divisions 3 and
i 10, was as follows: Daniel Sheehan
(anchorman), M. Smith, Thomas Healy,
P. M. Nevin. P. F. Donohue, Philip
O'Donnell, Thomas Stack, Luke Dempsey,
I J. McConville, P. Smith.
Fred Palmer, the noted athlete, evoked
much praise for the strength and dexterity
he displayed in the several athletic con
tests in wt.ich he took part. J. O'Dowd
also received many flattering opinions for
I his pi-oticiency in the Celtic games.
The deepest interest was manifested in
the Irish jig and reel dancing which took
place on a specially prepared platform in
the shade of spreading trees some distance
from the main pavilion.
The unique natural combination of black
hair, bine eyes and rosy cheeks, at once
denoting and characterizing the pure Irish
Celt, was quite numerously represented in
the types of healthy womanhood who, re
called by their graceful step, dancing the
scenes of "Shaughraun," the "Peep O'Day
Boys," the "Colleen Bawn. 1 ' and ttie other
plays of the late Dion Boucicault.
The oration by Mr. Barry was the chiaf
event of the occasion and round after
round of applause from the vast audience
! greeted the speaker.
In the course of his address Mr. Barry
i dwelt upon the character of t- c celebra
tion, the patriotic memories it recalled
ami the obligation resting upon every
true American citizen of celebrating it
worthily.
He vigorously denounced those who
have introduced religious dissension into
the political and social life of the country*
and predicted that the day was near at
hand when they would receive the unani
mous condemnation of all patriotic, lii>
ertv-loving citizens.
He paid a clowing tribute to the ladies
of Martha Washington Circle of the La
dies' Hioernian Society, presided over by
Mrs. Jerome Deasy. He denounced the
monoDoly in the holding of land, which
has resulted in the impoverishment of
millions and the creation of an army
of tramys.
He vigorously denounced the bond sales
of th*> administration at Washington, and
as a remedy for all these evils proposed
the preferential system of voting, whereby
the people would have full representation
in ihe affairs of Government.
Arnone those present were Rev. D. 0.
Crowley. Rev. P. B. Duffy, Dr. H. Lagan,
Eugene 'McDoy, Cantairi J. Murphy of
Vallejo, Thomas P. Crowley, Captain H.
J. Meagher, P. J. Thomas. P. Broderick, J.
Keane, Supervisor King. Eugene, Hannan,
Eustice Cullinan, J. Shepstone, T. R. Ban
nerman. Fied Palmer, Joseph McKenna.
T. J. O'Brien, Captain W. J. Donohue,
Jerome Deasy, county president of A. O.
H. of A. ; Colonel John O'Byrne, Judge Fer
rel. Phil Hammond, Captain J. Sullivan,
P. J. Meehan, Captain M. J. Gorham,
John Kenny, M. F. Donleav.v, John P.
Henry. Peter J. McCormick, Bartley Lee.
T. B. O'Brien, Charles McChrystal, J. F.
Renault, J. P. Dignan, Dr. John Gallauh r.
J. C. Cull, Martin Fennell, J. J. O'Neiil,
Jonn Ryall, Charles B. Flanagan. J. J.
McConville, John Fitzgerald, M. J. Kelle
her, Vincent Cullinan. Captain J. Higgins.
Frank J. Kane, t. J. Sullivan, Thomas
Moran.
WHERE THE MONEY COMES FROM.
Fund* for Buying Wheel* Are Diverted
From Other Linen of Trade.
Allowing that the wheels cost on an av
erage $50, which is a low estimate, it will
be seen that the aggregate expenditure in
volved ia considerable, particularly as a
wheel is hardly good for more than two
seasons. Tnere is no reliable data for es
timating the number of wheels produced
and sold annually, but the statement is
currently accepted that in 1894 half a mil
lion wheels were sold, while 1895 saw half
as many acain absorbed, and the prophets
cay the demand wiil call for a million
w heals this year.
If the money going into wheels came
from savings bunks or o'her deDOsitories
the effect would not be marked", but this
does not appear to be the fact. The funds
which e> t<> the bicycle are practically
those diverted from "other lines ol trade
where they have formerly been expended.
There is another side to the s ory, how
ever, which leads us to think that the
complaints of some tradts regarding the
bicycles may be exaggerated. As in the
economy of nature nothing i 3 wasted
so it is that the money devoted
to bicycles rinds its way eventually
into the regular channels of trade. It
is probably a blessing in disguise that the
bicycle business has developed such activ
ity in the dull times. Whan one considers
the number of people who are directly em
ployed or interested in the business it is
evident that the money coming to them ia
not displaced.
Leather, rubber and metal industries are
benefited Jaryrely and directly by the con
struction of the wheels, while supplying the
riders with specialties in shoes, sweaters,
stockings, leggings, caps, etc., keeps many
factories busy. Real-estate owners profit
from the rent of stores; the repairs to bicy
cles aivp occupation to many hundred men ;
the profits of the makers and handlers are
large. — Boston Commeicial Bulletin.
FEMALE VOICES.
The Cardinal Archbishop of Paris For
bids Their Use In Church Service.
The question of the emplo3'ment of fe
male voices in choirs formed for religious
worship has again been raised by the pas
toral letter of the Cardinal Archbishop of
Paris. This prelate, acting it appears
under directions from the Congregation of
Rites and with t <c direct authority of the
____________ ■ y 1 ™ -_£^" DAT -
DOCTOR SWEANY
The Old Doctor, the Skilled Surgeon,
The Conqueror of All Chronic, Nervous and Special Diseases.
The Greatest Boon on Earth to Man
and Woman is Health.
The Glory of Man is His The Ambition of Woman
Strength. is Her Beauty.
Both Conditions Can Be Acquired.
The same foundation must be laid to build upon to reach the two conditions, viz.:
Strength and Beauty; and that foundation is health; with health the mind teems
with vivacity and freshness, the body is active and strong, and both the physical and
mental being are alive to and in touch with everything: which makes life bright, ■ joy-
ous and happy.
Alarming Facts.
It is an alarming fact that three-fourths
of the men are lost to all the attributes
which make the strong, brave ai.d noble
man. They are prematurely old and dis-
eased throueh excesses or unnatural
Btrains which sap the fountains of life, de-
stroy the health and strength, and finally
result in physical wreck. These poor vic-
tims, loaded with disease, remorse and
humiliation, silently suffer on, going from
bad to worae, until death closes the sad
scene. Muscular strength and manly
power are both based upon the one condi-
tion, and that condition is health. With
health all the essential organs of the body
are capable of performing their functions
properly, producing mental brightness,
manly vigor and muscular power. Disease
robs the blood of its richness, tears down
tbe constitution ana destroys the mental
as well as the physical man.
Knt the Noble Work of Doctor Sweany, the World's Greatest Specialist,
Has convinced the greater part of the people of the civilized world that nine-tentht
of the chronic or lingering diseases of both men and women can be thoroughly and per-
manently cured. In ills treatment of ttie following ailments, as well as all special
nervous and private diseases, he has been remarkably successful in effecting perma-
nent cures:
ITinvrVC Inflammation of the kidneys,
ill I'll I Bright's disease, diabetes, conges-
tion of the kidneys, uraemia, gravel, stone,
all scientifically and successfully treated.
DI Ihltri) Inflammation, cystitis, cyster-
nLAlWljll. rnea, catarrh of the bladder.
The distressing diseases invariably yield to
my system of treatment.
NERVOUS DEBILITY ! ti tt % dlB o?
yoot.g and middle-aged men. The awful ef-
fects of neglecied or improperly treated cases
producing weakness of body and brain, dizzi-
ness, failing memory, lost vitality, lack of
energy and confidence, varicocele, gleet,
pain: and other distressing symptoms, unfit-
ting one. for study, bus'ipess or enjoyment of
life. ■-: .. : , r
ll y I n Neuralgia, sick, nervous or conges-
IliMlF. tive headache, dull, full feeling, loss
of memory, dizziness, softoniug of the brain,'
tumors and eczema of scalp.
Till. AIT Catarrhal sore . throat, acute and
l ll llv.l 1 1 chronic pharyngitis, enlarged ton-
sils and palate hoarseness, loss of voice, thick
phlegm in throat, causing hawking.
I IllCfW Consumption In the first and second
Luil'l'V stages, hemorrhages and chronic
bronchitis." dry ' and loose cough, pains in
chest, difficulty in breathing, nepatizations,
asthma, etc. .
Ill 1 HIT Valvular diseases, weak and fatty
HLaill. heart, dropsy and rheumatism of
heart, languid circulation, etc. •
•.-..., .  . :--"-— : — — . •.. - . ','
Vrm Can Rp> Cured .at Hnmf» If an y Person living atadis-
iOUVdU DC WtirCU ill 1 l I IIC. | tance and unable to call at this
office will WRITE to him their troubles plain y and candidly in their own words ho
•will then understand their condition, and can rive such advice as may be necessary in
their case, and should they then desire his professional services proper treatment will
be sent thun to effect a positive and permanent cure. No incurable cases taken.
Correspondence strictly confidential. Address
F.L. SWEANY, M. D.,
Til Market Street, San Fraueisco, Cat
— — ~ — — ; : - ■
Pope, forbids women to i take part either
as soloists or chorists in Roman Catholic
church services, an exception being, how
ever, made in favor of ' convent chapels.
The rule, of course, has lorfg been in force
in English cathedrals, and so strictly is it
carried out . at St. Paul's that when, as
in the St. David's. Day.' Welsh services, »
mixed chorus is employed, the ladies are
: seated outside the cuoir rails, where by a
pious fiction they are supposed to be mem
bers of the congregation. At Westminster
Abbey and elsewhere at musical festivals
mixed choirs are, however, permitted; the.
nonconformist choirs, as has amply been
proved: at their Crystal Palace festivals,
have many excellent female voices; the
Jews at the Berkeley-street Synagogue
have a choir of ladies and gentlemen;
while in the Roman Catholic services
Mmc- Patti (who in tier early days at Co
vent Garden frequently sang at the church
in SardJana street (Lincoln's-inn-neids),
Mme. Albani, Mroe. Calve and others
have often taken part. Indeed it is said
that the recent activity of the Congrega
tion of Rites' in reviving a law long dor
mant is due to the employment of opera
singers in the most solemn parts of the
mass in France. Henceforward, it is as
sumed, the female voices will be replaced
by boys, although down, at any rate, to
the accession of the present Pope, the
singers in the famous- Sistine Choir at
Rome were all adults, the aged Signor
Mustafa and his colleague Signor More
schi, both of them well-nigh 70 years
old, still, it is said, retaining their soprano
falsetto voices in great purity.— London
News..
♦ ♦ •
Agriculture is the most important in
dustry of mankind, for it occupies 80,000,
-000 peasants, represents a capital of
£23,000,000,000, and has annual products
to the value of about 000,000, this
not including countries like India, China,
etc., concerning which no reliable statis
tics are obtainable.
Distressing Thonghts.
It is a distressing thought to learn from
medical statistics that seven-tenths of the
women of this vast couutry are suffering
from some chronic ailment, and in moat
cases that ailment is peculiar to her sex.
With that fortitude which only the true
woman possesses, she uncomplainingly
suffers on day after day, yes, year after
year, with the false hope that nature will
some time remedy her trouble and restore
her health. With the great love for beauty
which every woman desires, she, with
paints, powders and lotions, tries in vuin
to cover tip the lines and defects which the
cruel work of disease has wrought in her
once beautiful face. There is but one foun-
dation for beauty, and that is health.
Health produces a mind teeming with wit,
tbe bright, sparkling eye, the rosy cheek
and the plump and well-rounded form.
With health the whole world is a world of
sunshine. With disease it is a dark,
gloomy, prison-like abode.
WTAMini Catarrh, ulceration and add
nl.Viil.'tvll. dyspepsia. Indigestion, pain and
fullness after eating, heartburn, water brash
and difficulty -in swallowing. ; >
I \XV\t QPI VVX AH diseases of the ltver,
LULU, ol LrL.l. spleen, bowels, all nerv-
ousness and reflex disorders, rheumatism and
all skin diseases, eczema, salt rheum, ring-
worm, hip-joint disease, old sore , fever sores,
stiff joint, bare lip, spinal irritation, nervous
prostration. - -
PI'PTTRP Piles, fistula and all swellings
111 I I L 111., and tendencies quickly cured
without pain or detention from business.
HEART, MAIS AM) IVERYES. {Ln
dizziness of the head and palpitation of the
heart, difficult breathing and suffocating feel-
ins, fullness of the head; a, tired, irritable, did-
contented leeling and fear of Impending dan-
ger or death, a dread of being alone, or the re-
verse— ire to be alone; if your memory. is
Jailing and you are gloomy and despondent, or
if you dream much and often ( nd feel an aver-
sion to society, you are suffering f r in a serious
disease of the nerves, brain and heart. You
have no lime to lose. Call at once and CON-
SULT THIS EMINENT SPECIALIST.
111-Pl\[\ AC WAUFY If you are suffer-
lU-fcAM.O UP llUJlLll. ing from any of
the diseases peculiar to your sex, such as tail-
ing or: disp acement of the womb, inflamma-
tion or ulceration, bloating, headaches, spinal
weakness, cull or write to him and he will tell
you just what can be done for you.
1516
CHILD CRUSHED
UNDER A CAR,
Little Walton Manning
Meets With a Terrible
Death.
HIS MOTHER WATCHING.
She Saw Her Boy Smile and
Then Disappear Beneath the
Grinding Wheels.
WAS THEBE A WABNING BELL?
Ihe Motorman's Explanation— A Mis
sion Tragedy That Darkened a
Holiday Celebration.
Walton Manning. 8 years of age, son of
James W. Manning, an employe of the
Market-street Railway Company, who re
sides at 2614 Mission street, was crashed
to death beneath the wheels of car 1004
near the corner of Mission and Twenty
third streets at 8 o'clock last evening.
The little fellow was on an errand for
his mother when he met his shocking
death. His parents were seated near a
front window watching him as he crossed
the sidewalk and started toward the rail
road track.
He turned around and smiled at his lit
tle brother and sister who were playing on
the porch and then continued on his er
rand. He did not glance down the track,
however, and the noise of exploding bombs
drowned the sound of the electric car as it
bore down upon him.
Without looking to the right or left, he
turned to cross the track, and in an instant
the car struck him. Being a little boy, the
fender did not throw him from the track,
but on the contrary it helped to crush out
his life.
Thadey Begley, the motorman, had not
seen the boy on the track and was uncon
scious of the accident until the screams of
a number of lady passengers and the
lurches of the car as it crushed its victim
informed him as to what had happened.
He then put on the brakes, but before the
car came to a standstill the child's body
had been dragged and bumped over the
cobbles for fully 100 feet.
Mrs. Manning, the boy's mother, wit
nessed the accident from her window.
She rushed downstairs screaming, and
reaching the street implored the bystand
ers to save her precious boy ; to take him
from beneath the wheels that she might
try to save his life.
Her appeals were without avail, how
ever, and when the motorman and Martin
Quinlan, who had witnessed the accident,
attempted to lift the remains from under
neath the car they found that the rear
wheels were resting on the child's body
and it could not be removed. Try as they
would, they could not remove the mangled
remains from beneath the wheels. The
car was then moved forward over the body.
It seemed a cruel thing to do, but there
was no help for it, and trie remains were
recovered from their awful position. A
sheet was then procured, and after care
fully wrapping the body it was carried to
the side of the street and tbe Coroner's
ollice was notified.
Deputy Coroner J. G. Tyrrell and Mes
senger T. Smith hurried to the scene that
the body of the little boy might be re
moved before a large crowd congregated.
Fragments of the poor crushed flesh and
bone were found here and there by Mes
senger Smith, who walked along the track
with a lantern the entire distance the
body had been dragged.
As the Coroner's wagon started away
Mrs. Manning swooned away. She was
carried into her home by her husband and
a bystander. She is prostrated with grief
and the father is also heartbroken over the
death of his oldest child. •
"No bell was sounded to warn the child
that a car was approaching," said Martin
Quinlan last night. "I was standing on the
porch of my residence, 2021 Mission street,
at the time of the accident and am posi
tive that if the bell had been sounded Wal
ton Manning would now be alive and well.
My Httle daughter, Irene, was standing on
the sidewalr just in front of the place
where the boy was first struck. She says
that the motorman was busily engaged
watching some children set off fireworks
and was not looking ahead of his car as he
should have been doing."
Thadey Begiey, the motorman, was ar
rested by Sergeant John Martin. He was
taken to the City Prison and released on
his own recognizance by Captain Gillen.
Begley, who lives at 10 California ave
nue, said : "I did not see the child. I felt
a jolt and then some people on the side
walk shouted to me that I had run over a
boy. I immediately stopped the car.
That is all I know about it."
MUSICIANS ARE AT WAR,
Objections Made to Letter-Car
riers and to Soldiers
and Sailors.
The Russian Band at the Chutes to
Receive Attention From the
Musicians' Union.
Disclaiming all desire to De aggressive,
the local musicians' union has yet three
interesting battles on its hands, which it
is claimed mast be fought as measures of
self-de/ense and protection.
What has aroused the greatest feeling
and is in consequence enlisting the great
est attention of the union at the present
time is the Letter-carriers' band. This is
composed of the gray-habited mercuries
in the service of Uncle Sam who have de
veloped their musical predilections to an
extent that permits them to enter the
field of competition with regular profes
sional bands.
While the members of the union declare
that they are always pleased to discover
and encourage musical talent, they con
sider ii a great injustice that men earning
regular and fair salaries in the Govern
ment's employ should seek to extend the
•lfht hours of their labor. at> decreed by
law, and enter into competition with men
whose earnings are often of a precarious
character.
One of the latest inatancea wherein
members of the union, all of whom are
professionals, were deprived of an oppor
tunity to augment their incomes was in
connection with tbe Sharkey-Corbett
fight. Negotiations were in progress be
tween Mi. Groom of the National Athletic
Club and some of the union men for ihe
musical portion of the Pavilion pugilistic
function, and suddenly, without notice or
apparent cause, they were dropped.
An inquiry by some of the individuals
who had lost an engagement resulted in
their learning that the letter-carriers who
followed music as a lucrative pastime on
the side had agreed to give their services
without cost in return for the privilege of
viewing the fistic encounter. This was the
straw, and it was this which crystallized
the sentiment against the mail-carriers
and determined the union to take action
in the matter.
Another disturbing factor was the ad
vent of the Russian band of fourteen musi
cians, which has been engaged at the
chutes. It was the general opinion that
the regular band would be dispensed with,
and on the strength of this supposition a
letter was written by the secretary of the
union to the manager of the chutes asking
him what his intentions in the matter
were. To this came a reply suggesting a
conference, at which the situation could be
discussed. Yesterday was the first ap
pearance of the Russian band, but in view
of the fact that all of the former union
musicians were also engaged for the day
it is hoped that there may be no friction
arise from this quarter.
It is believed that tbe Russian band
will be used as an ocular attraction rather
than for dispensing music for Jhe chute
audiences. Should such be the case there
will be no ground lor complaint on the
psrt of the unionists.
Tbe third matter that is agitating local
musicians is the persistent competition
met with on the part of the bands con
nected with the regular army and navy
service. Heretofore every local effort to
ameliorate this evil has proved futile.
On Tuesday afternoon there will be a
meeting of the directors of the union and
George Wallenrod, Superintendent of the Alcazar Building, Who Committed
Suicide in the Electrician's Room Yesterday.
these three propositions will be discussed
and means devised to eliminate these dis
cords from the musical atmosphere.
At this meeting a letter will be addressed
to Postmaster McCoppin calling his at
tention to tbe letter-carriers' band and the
double-action, revenue-creating tendency
that they have displayed, and he will be
asked to use his authority to take the
postal musicians out of the field of compe
tition with the professionals.
A committee will be appointed to confer
with the chutes' manager in reference to
the status of the Russian band.
And a committee will be appointed
whose duty it will be to place before Con
gress in an appropriate manner the evils
alleged to result from the competition of
bands connected with the regular army
and navy service throughout the country.
Other unions throughout the United
States are preparing to co-operate in this
matter.
HE SPARED THE BISHOP.
How a Steamboat Captain Tried to
Check Hit Mate's Profanity.
Speaking of swear stories, there is a
mate on the Mississippi who stands pre
eminent among his fellows from St. Paul
to New Orleans for his versatile, sustained
and forcible profanity.
On a recent trip the boat stopped at a
way landing, and as the roustabouts took
to the gangplank at a trifle too leisurely
pace the mate opened his mouth and the
atmosphere became livid with sulphur
and brimstone.
"For heaven's sake, Mike!" exclaimed
the captain in a hoarse whisper from the
boiler-deck, "for heaven's sake, stow that!
Why, man, Bishop is aboard ! Stow it,
man, stow it till we pass Gray Duck, where
he gets off."
A big pile of sacks was to go off, and as
the mate stood there with his every faculty
literally benumbed by the restraint put
upon him, the darkies" at first worked in
silent astonishment and then began dis
tinctly to shirk. It is a well-recogniz a d
fact all up and down the Mississippi that
niggers can't be made to work without be
ing "cussad," and this fact soon came
home to the mate with telling force.
Grasping his stick with a firmer clutch
he raised his big, hoarse voice and fairly
thundered:
"Hi, there, you nigger sons! Get along
there, yon blank, blank, blank! You
Know what kind of a blank I mean. Con
found you, get along now!"
And passengers on that boat say the
darkies looked like black streaks as they
moved up and down the gangplank after
that, while the reverend Bishop, who had
come to the rail, looked on, nearly burst
ing his sides with laughter.— New "Orleans
Times-Democrat.
TREASURE UNEARTHED.
In the basement of the store of James M.
Moran & Co. , 1009-1015 Market street, where
the Sheriff's sale at 45c on the. dollar is now
going on, a genuine surprise was given the
creditors by the discovery, of several cases of
dry goods, which will be placed on sale to
morrow at 9a. M. Three cases 12J4c D initv
Be; 2 cases VZUc Tennis, sc; 3 cases 15c Pique
and Ducking. -Tkc; 1 case. 25c Figured Black
Dress Goods, l^c; 2 cases 75c all-wool 48-inch
trench Serge for 25c; 20 pieces $1 25 Fancy
French Crepon, 50c; 2 cases Men's Underwear
15c; 2 cases fine full finished Ladies' and
Gents' Merino Underwear, sOc; 110 nieces
double width 50c Silk Veiling, 15c. « '
» ♦ — «
A Coolness Brtween Them.
Philadelphia Record.
Gabby— When ar those friends of yours
going to be married?
Crusty— l don't know, i noticed a cool
ness between them last night.
• l', You d °n't say. What was the cause of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
GEO, WALLENROD
ENDS HIS LIFE,
Sends a Bullet Through
His Brain at the Al
cazar.
NO CAUSE IS KNOWN.
Was in His Usual Health and
Spirits a Few Minutes
Before.
SAID HE WAS GOING HOME.
But Turned Into the Electrician's
Room, Looked in a Mirror and
Pulled the Trigger.
George Wallenrod, superintendent of the
Alcazar building, committed suicide yes
terday afternoon by blowing out bis brains.
The act occurred in the seclusion of the
Alcazar electrician's office in the building
at some time in the afternoon not exactly
known.
No reasonable cause is known. His son
George, • who is assistant cashier of the
theater, says his father's only trouble that
; he knows of was a physical one, a case of
catarrh that caused him the loss of sleep.
At about a quarter of 7 o'clock A. Gru
ner, the electrician of the building, accom
panied by O. C.'Grindell, the electrician of
the theater, and Andrew Hare, the janitor,
went down the narrow flight of stairs lead
ing from the street into the electrician's
room, which is under the sidewalk in front
of the building. "•
Gruner noticed that the door was ajar
and remarked the fact to the others as he
pushed it back and all three entered.
The room was dimly lighted by means
of the thick glass in the sidewalk over
head, but it was sufficient to reveal the
body lying outstretched, face downward,
upon the floor.
Gruner uttered an exclamation of sur
prised alarm. The others leaned forward.
"It loots like the old man." said Hall.
The electric-lights were turned on. !
They found that it was indeed "the old
man," as they were accustomed to call
him, as a term of endearment— for old
George Wallenrod was loved by all who
knew him.
The body was cold and stiff, and had
evidently been dead many hours.
A cheap imitation Smith & Wesson re
volver lay near him; a chair, that he had
evidently grasped when falling, lay across
his body. His life's blood and brains had
poured out about him on the floor.
About 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon
! George Wallenrbd left his son in the thea
ter, wearing the' appearance of his usual
good spirits. He went into the bar which
is connected with the theater and took a
drink of whisky and remarked to the bar
keeper that he was going home to dinner.
From what followed it is supposed that
he went straight to the little underground
room and, standing before a looking-glass
that is fastened against the wall, pointed
the revolver at the center of his forehead
and fired. The pistol dropped at his right
band and as he fell his hand grasped the
back of a ch»ir which had a fixed place
under the glass. The body swayed around
and fell face downward across the floor and
the chair fell on top of it, and George
Wollenrod had made Irs exit— one of the 1
last men in the world that those who i
knew him would have suspected of volun
tarily making this tragic end.
No one was better known in theatrical
and business circles. He was one of the
"old timers" and no man Can name an
enemy of his. He bad none. He was un- j
invariably cherished as a friend— a kind, |
considerate, genial friend a good com- j
pan ion.
He superintended' the construction of
the Alcazar building as one of the firm of !
Wallenrod, Osbourne «fe Stock well. He was
manager of the theater for the first ' few
years afterward and since was superin
tendent of the entire building.
There is no suspicion of there being any
thing, wrong with Mr. Wallenrod's finan
cial . affairs. Just before . Mr. de Young
left, for the East, a few weeks ago, his
books were examined and found to be all
right. > / ■ , • •; - -.:
= Mr. Wallenrod was 65 years of age. He
leaves a widow and three children, George
W. Jr., assistant treasurer of the Alcazar
Theater; Lee, in the employ of the .Market
street Railway Company; and a married
daughter, Mrs. Gerhard.
The tragedy came upon them with the
force of a terrible blow.
The body was removed to the undertak
ing parlors of H. C. Porter & Co., Eddy
street. The few personal effects, after be
ing examined by the Coroner, were turned
over to the members of the family.
Mr. Wallenrod was a native of Leipsic,
Germany, his birth having occurred June
23, 1835. He was but a child when his par
ents reached New York and had only at
tained his fifteenth year when he came to
California.
After working in the mines with varying
success he took to the hotel business in
California and Nevada. In 1868 he settled
permanently in this City and commenced
a mercantile career. Alter five years as a
merchant he entered the employ of Charles
de Young in the business department of
the San Francisco Chronicle, where he re
mained for ten years.
He was entrusted with the superinten
dency of the erection 0/ the Alcazar build
ing, and upon its completion assumed the
management. The opening night of that
pretty place of amusement was an event
in the theatrical circles of San Francisco,
the leading role of the performance being I
taken by Miss Emma Nevada. For four
years Mr. Wallenrod was the efficient
manager of that theater.
Mr. Wallenrod was personally agree
able and affable in manner, entertaining
in conversation and of a genial, sociable
and kindly disposition. As a result, he
was a general favorite with all who came
much in contact with him, especially
among the old pioneers of E! Dorado. He
wae a member of the Knights of Honor, of
the Improved Order of Red Men and of the
Grand Army of the Republic.
He held an honorary membership in the
latter organization, conferred on him by
reason of tbe many kindnesses and cour
tesies extended to the various G. A. R.
posts in this City and vicinity. He was
ever ready to aid by benefits at tbe thea
ter under his control and otherwise the
organization, and so merited the kindly
feeling and appreciation of the old veteran
soldiers.
A SIGNAL PROM MARS.
A Question Unanawered, Perhaps XJn-
answerable.
Year after yea*-, when politics ceases
from troubling, there recurs the question
as to the existence of intelligent, sentient
life on the planet Mars. The last outcrop
of speculations grew trom the discovery
by M. Javelie of a luminous projection on
the southern edge of the planet. The
light was peculiar in several respects, and,
among other interpretations, it was sug
gested that the inhabitants of Mars were
flashing messages to the conjectured in
habitants of the sister planet, earth. No
attempt at reply was made; indeed , sup
posing our astronomer royal, with our
best telescopes, transported to Mars, a red
riot of fire running arhwart the whole of
Ix)ndon would scarce be visible to him.
The question remains unanswered, prob
ably unanswerable.
There is no doubt that Mars is very lite
the earth. Its days and nights, its sum
mers and winters differ only in their rela
tive lengths from ours. It has land and
oceans, continents and islands, mountain
ranges and inland seas. Its joiar regions
•re covered with snows, and it has an at
mosphere and clouds, warm sunshine and
gentle rains. The spectroscope, that sub
tle analyst of the most distant stars, gives
us reason to believe that the chemical ele
ments familiar to us here exist on Mars.
The planet, chemically and physically, is
so like the earth that, as protoplasm, the
only living material we know came into
existence on the earth, there is no great
difficulty in supposing that it came into
existence on Mars.
If reason be able to guide us, we know
that protoplasm, at first amorphous and
unintegrated, has been guided on this
earth by natural forces into that marvel
ous series of forms and integrations we
call the animal ana vegetable kingdoms.
Why, under the similar guiding forces on
Mars, should not protoplasm be the root of
as fair a branching tree of living beings,
and bear as fair a fruit of intelligent, senti
ent creatures?— Saturday Review.
Scorching Wonld Be Too Suggestive.
Two anxious readers write to the Jour
nal from tbe beautiful suburb of Philadel
phia, Ind., asking if it would be all right
to ride a bicycle to the funeral of a "dis
tant connection by marriage, providing
yon keep behind the hearse."
. .^_-,_^^ _-^r_,-^~ -^-^-^_ w _. NEW TO-DAY.
* IM ! AIST PLACE fciXCEPT 5^ ' f
~<t? '; \^*V/| 'i: ______ ■ . ■" w^inmu-. .m ■ , _g^
J&. '. ?■ ~^
T' Tho?* fashionable M nd be frugal by Purchasing , at this gigantic sale of Dresses, Jackets, Capes and Shirt Waists.
There a $75,000 worth, and everything is marked down. The cost to us cuts no -figure in this sale. It's almost any it
*Cy gar h m e U n 8 t r^dnced 2 a'nd^arSd ufplSf ffu°r£. EV6ry arment * thiS BeaB ° n>S make and the styles are the latest f
.* • .jb IMPORTED
% W^ MOOEL
t ££>■ CAPES,
t J7?T\ $25.00
* i\>> $35.00
j p^-rT\: $40.00
je, * V
jf These are Paris, London and
-gr Berlin make, imported by us es-
jt, necially (or our trade. Cost us
{; $55 to $75. No two alike. Made
*fjr in; black and white velvet and
♦£ silk, and fine cloth effects.
4^ «S?f £P E SIIK Made up of
SEPARATE SKIRTS, elegant bro-
* SloSl2__^ls.^n e ds SlI a lon h eti
_*^, many choice patterns— lined with rustle lin-
~gv Ing and bound with velveteen. The same
Jt. skirts sell elsewhere for *15, 918 and «22 50.
i^KmT^ 15 ' " Fine ; black flg-
*■' « i oT S " ■ i' nred mohair
__ $211 S3f£ $4. c^t par w!Se v r-
«m_i £J)O i^p-_-. . cut 'wide,, vfel-
J^ veteen bound and lined with rustle lining.
«17 ■
120 KIE-A.Pl3Snr STREET
<£ Special attention given to Country Orders. Satisfaction guaranteed. ' : . ~
BELLBOYS QUIT
THE BALDWIN,
Say They Were Asked to
Work Eighteen Hours
a Day.
OBJECT TO THEIR FOOD.
Numerous Grievances Cited, but
Only One Which Caused
the Strike.
PROPRIETOR STONE IXPLAIN3.
He Says a Few Boys Who Were Hay-
ing an Easy Time Were
Discharged.
A number of the bellboys of the Bald
win Hotel are on a strike. Just how many
of the lads are standing ujion their rights
it is difficult to ascertain, owing to the
remarkable variance in the stories of the
principals to the controversy, but it is
somewhere between five and seventeen,
with the chances in favor of a number
nearer the latter figure.
The grievances of the "bellhops," as de
tailed by C. F. McKenzie, one of the strik
ers, are numerous.
"Last month," said McKenzie, "there
was a reduction of wages all through the
house. We were reduced from $15 a
month to $12 50 and we made no com
plaint whatever. The 'grub' there isn't
fit to eat and last week we got up a peti
tion to have the fare improved. The
bottom seems to have fa'lrn out of the
petition and we heard nothing from it and
the 'grub* remained 'rotten.' But still
we didn't kick.
"To-night, when we went on duty, the
head bellman told us that hereafter our
hours would be twelve hours one day and
eighteen hours tae next. That would
leave us only six hours to sleep on the
days when we had our long shifts. Before
this we have been working twelve hours
one day and six hours the next. We
thought this was long enough, and we
couldn't stand working eighteen hours.
''We have no kind of an organization,
but we all clubbed together in the assem
bly-room on the first floor and decided we
didn't want to work at the Baldwin. We
had no kick at Mr. Lake, the manager.
He is as good a man as a hoy ever worked
for, but he gets his orders from Mr. Stone,
the proprietor, and he has to obey. We
knew what Stone's plan was. lie was
gome to take the boys off tbe doors and,
by having us work double time, reduce
the force. We decided ail we wanted
was our pay, and we made no other de
mand. Stone tried to get a chance to taik
to us separately, but we told him if he had
anything to say to us to say it to all of us.
He then refused to pay us because we had
left without putting boys in our places.
He told us to come around to-morrow
morning, though."
The story told by Stone differs wonder
fully from that of the boys. He says that
six boys were discharged because they re
fused to obey order*. He denied that he
had asked the boys to work eighteen
hours, but admitted he had arranged to
dispense with the services of some of the
boys by prolonging the hours of others.
He declared that this in no case exceeded
twelve-hour shifts, including two hours for
meals. He ascribed the trouble to the tact
that the boys had been having such an
easy time that now, when retrenchments
are in order, they thought they would be
the first ones let out- In proot of his
statement that the bellboys were well
treated he called a uniformed lad to him
and inquired :
"Are you ever overworked?"
T c boy bowed and said with emphasis,
"No, sir-ee."
Stone says he will pay all the boys to
day, and only failed to do so last night be
«sj^ TAILOR-
II MADE
WW% DRESSES,
JUT!;/ $io sis
ifij N _*~ No use to worry ' away
lr' \^ time with dressmakers :
1/ flp# . - when you can buy swell,
P ' \ tailor-made , dres4«-s ' at
. / \ these prices. They're
/ - \ marie in reefer s yle and
. ( \ of fancy mixed scotch
'i I I ' \ cheviot""— ln .tans, grays >
/ J \ and browns— jackets all
II f ;l\ : lined— "well buttons— rip- j
/ I \ cheviot*— in tans, grays j
' i \ and browns— jackets all
/ '\ lined— <well buttons — rip-
/'§ ' \ pie bucks— wide skirts.
I ,5 ' \\ lined with rustle limn*.
/, (i I \V\ See them and you will
/ it ' V 1 «'i* • »«free ' with ' us that they !
•--<* I - I lug are worth twice the prices '■ :
.". ..*--*. . _»^iL l -*^- we asK. - ; ■ ■_. -
TAILOR-MADE DKKS^E."*. These are reg !
HKKFEUS OR KLAZKKS, ular ?25 tos3S i
|$l«-i2.$J8$22. dresses, un-to- :
«3)-l-O ..(JJOip--. : date styles. !
i They come 10 erays, blues, tans and' browns," and '
| are made of the finest all-wool cloth. -
1 CAP KB, ■' -.-.■ ■■■ - Made of . fine all-wool j
'< <%.''? C*Q.SO . ©r.50 cloth — latest styles—
j «JD^. rlr«-> %?*■' .-all colors. < They are
j sold everywhere else at from $4 60 to $11.
SILKED Silk Capes, silk lined and j
i VELVET .APES, trimmed with jet; Velvet
! <Sit\ atfi <Bt7 Capes, slllc- lined and
VP*J-. «IPU .. <n *. . trimmed with let: Velvet
Capes, silk-lined and jet' embroidered. All ele-
gant and dressy and tit to wear anywhere. ~
w _-J^ j " - „„ „' . NEW TO-DAY— DRT GOODS.
DOMESTIC
DEPARTMENT!
SPECIAL SALE
FlMEW'cilfllWS!
FINE LUCE CURTAINS !
■ — —
On to-morrow and following days we will
offer a SPECIAL PURCHASE OF 2000
PAIRS FINE NOTTINGHAM LACE CUR-
TAINS at about ONE- HALF FORMER
PRICES.
The attention of housekeepers "generally
is directed to this sale. These Curtains are
fresh; NEW GOODS. They come in both
Ecru and White, and are all this season's
designs. They were purchased by us at the
closing out sale of a large CURTAIN MANU-
FACTURER.
NOTE. — In connection with the above
sale of Curtains we will offer 100 pairs
FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
Price $3.00 a Pair.
ANTICIPATE YOUR WANTS.
®J* /at.
ill, 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
cause their accounts were not made out
and his bookkeeper was away.
• All About Love.
"Say, I'm in love," confided the faro
dealer to the lookout during a lull in the
play.
"Why, you don't know what love is,"
laughed the lookout.
"Don't you believe it," retorted the
dealer. "Love is a game that Cupid deals.
He has a crooked layout, and the bank
wins every bet. If you copper a case in his
game it's sure to win; if you play a case
open it loses, and you's in big luck if you
don't get whipsawed in every turn. If a
man calls the turn it's a 1 to 10 shot he
drops dead." — New Orleans Times-Demo
crat.
The amount of gold actually in circula
tion in Great Britain is estimated to be
£110,000,000. or about 865 tons.
JACKETS, f
$4£ $7-^2 $9. *
Klegant Tan Mixed and Tan Kersey Jack- "^*
pearl buttons, fancy backs, box fronts— &
Jackets tor which you Day 910. 912 50 and
$18 everywhere except at our sale. II
•• *T
CLOTH These are last
JACKETS, season's jackets : *♦
S-|isU.<i_O C_0.50 and sold then for i 9
t£ 1 it 4- .ft J . fio. $12 and "^
«15— are made of all-wool cloth— are both «5
lined arid unlloed— have big sleeves and 'Jfr'
come in all shades. - •"■■ *_
— — — — - — «i;
S9^^ B TB>H:-85.Wffia.*
Fancy bOJc Wast* atone price. 95, for this 4«i»
sale. They come In choice colors, all shad-
ings and best styles. - ;^,
SHIRT CAC 7CC ©1 These urn
WAISTS, OU ID $1. flSllylaSn 2
dered walsis that were $1,-$1 25 and *1 SO *S*
pcr e fec£ lebrated Derby WalBt3 ' & varan 3
T^ «'^. laundered..^.
I-AWN, DIMITY AND BATISTv &■
9\ 50 1 *T 73. WUh detaChabl * eoUaS-JiaJ
DITTK Bl»zer styles— cadet tan on *
stripes. 91 60.; navy ground sfylea »££ :•*
stripes. 81 50. Same I? Heefer ,*'& *t
" " • _t*
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
■ I STAMPED ON A SHOE
, MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
; BLOCKADE SALE.
THERE ARE OTHERS
I Who claim to sell cheap, but we are compelled to
I do so, and any one who lias ever seen that high
i fence at Third and Market streets will readily be-
' ' lieve that we must oner unusual reductions to do
' business. Since we inaugurated our Blockade Sale
i our store has been crowded. But why? Simply
1 because we are selling dozens of fine 11 net below
, cost, and every shoe in our store has been reduced
I In price. This week we are offering at a sacrifice
| an assorted line of Ladies' .Fine Oxford Ties.
I Some have French stitched heels, > others low
1 heels: some have razor toes and tips, others
: medium broad toes. Mid all have hand-turned'
' soles, and we offer them for $1 per pair. They are
worth from $2 50 to $5. All sizes on A, B and C.
and small sizes on D and £.
:
. . • ■ •. ■ >
Aft 7r Do yon like to dre«s
% # #1% weU an(l wear fine shoes?
■]«/. I .1, Well, here is a chance.
Htm I I VI No odds or ends, but regu-
-d lar stork. Ladles' Extra
ry 1 KM « Fine Kid Button Boot,?
» .¥■ ii M^^Jwith French stitched heels,
E -y- 3 I VI razor toes or narrow square
k If A 11 I toes and pateut-leather tips
fi V *V vSV an( i hand-turned soles, re-
A. V.^. 1W duced to $2 75. All sizes,
ft !> ''"-55<£_V ▼ 811 widths. Regular price
TL^.,,l. ~^*-TIL ? 5 - * Same style exactly In
C'^^—.-.Kusset Kid, with brown
, ■■> a-____rcloth tops, and same price.
Ol AC All the young girls wish to
VI /I wear Lace Shoes. Here is m
|H I ■/._!■ chance. Fine Dongolo Kid
■ IfaVl .Lace Shoes, with spring
i _r— TK. |W?l ht ''' 18 ' S reat 'y reduced la
J w ft) ' U±/j P rice - ear guaranteed.
j ■ U. All Child's Sizes, Bto 10%
&>. * Misses' Sizes, 11 to 1%
Jl^^—Sx,^^ .:*ido
jfl M ■I" f\ Fine shoes sold cheap.
\ I kll An assorted line of
■1% I Ladies' .Button Shoes, in-
VIIUUI eluding Patent Leather
and French Kids, with
E"*rt»— _i hand-turned soles and
I I * French - stitched heels
IN-, and . low heels, pointed
I 7 I and broad toes, without
/ -T/ 1 ''P 8 - A great drive. .Will
/,V ' be sold for *1 50: every
~S •/ \ pair worth $5. You may
S % \r . \ smile at . selling a line
Xv^,--^! shoe so cheap, bat' the
f _ sires are broken up, and
wiy^ ,i— '*" i-Mi r we wish no odd lines in
1 ■ •* .-• WS»' stock.
JtST Country orders solicited.
**" Send for New illustrated Catalog*
Address .
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA, SHOE CO.,
1O Third Street. San Francisco.
NOTICE TO SHIPOWNERS.
FROM AND AFTER JULY 1, 1898, THE
spring Valley Water Works proposes to
undertake the delivery of water at such wharves
In this city as . are supplied with Its hydrants!
i Written applications for water are to be made at
I the water office, which the Harbor Commisiionera
■pror.ose to erect on the seawall, between Howard
and Mission streets. Ships lying in the stream
will be informed at the above office, at the time of
making such applications, from ■ what hydrants
their water-boats will .be supplied. Reasonable
notice must be Riven in all cases, and application*
will be tilled at the earliest, convenience, between
tne hours of 7 a. v. and 5 p. _. daily, Sundays and
otherwise oxceptedl anleM '. specially contracted
. By order of the Board of Directors.
P-LHAX W. AHE3, Secretary,S5RHB wk TO W&d f^ i TtTgN "HFiR F Y'i ft A¥
WOULD BE EX
"I >r 4 * ceedingly interesting
I I •to begin at the begin-
I nii.g with this story
i I and sketch the geo
"1 /^ M logical history of our
jjfjk. beautiful bay; still
a l>*4 more attractive
■ ft ffffoS, would be a picture of
j^ti-MpJf A. prehistoric days up
"^ , f F » — on this Western
\ i I 'r* slope; but our limits
confine us to . the
known and comparatively modern record.
We will begin with a finished con
tinent and Lo the poor Indian in full
possession. The waves of the Pacific are
rolling into the quiet haven which they
have worn for themselves between the
lateral spurs of the coast range. The great
sequoias on the mountains have breasted
the storms of centuries.
Our time is the sixteenth century, won
derful for adventure and discovery. The
world opened by Columbus was the ultima
thule of every idealist, the coveted pos
session of kings and popes.
At first America was thought to be only
a chain of islands bordering the coast of
Cathay, and every explorer sought eagerly
for a channel through them, the rumored
passage being already named the "Straits
of Anian."
Twenty-five years elapsed after America
was discovered before Balboa stood "silent
upon a peak in Darien" and saw the hori
zonless Western sea. Seven years later
Magellan sailed through the straits which
bear his name, and after great perils
found himself upon the vast calm ocean
which he named the Pacific. Fourteen
years later great Cortez, after his conquest
of Mexico, sent out explorers to find the
western boundaries of his New Spain.
One of the ships was commanded by an
old pirate named Ximenes, who sailed
into the Gulf of California and landed on
t.:e coast of the lower peninsula, where
he was murdered by Indians. He was
probably the first white discoverer of
Lower California. Later Cortez himself
visited and tried in vain to establish a
colony on the same point. In 1537 he sent
an expedition, headed by Francisco de
Ulloa, which sailed around the peninsula,
but did not quite reach our present boun
dary line. It is in this captain's record
that the name California first appears,
taken from a popular romance of the day.
In 1542, when Mendoza had taken the
place of Cortez as Viceroy of Mexico, Juan
Rodriguez Cabrillo, a Portuguese captain,
was sent to cruise still further along this
unknown coast. He had but two little
vessels and as they sailed northward
Cabriilo kept careful record of hfs discov
eries and experiences.
On the 28th of September, 1542, they
sailed into a harbor which he described as
"famous" and named "San Miguel." It
was our .San Diego. A wild storm was
blowing but the little vessels found safe
anchorage, and Cabrillo carefully describes
the timid and gentle natives who came
out in their boats to greet the strangers
and bid them welcome.
All through the month of October Cabrillo
crept northward, anchoring at Santa Bar
bara and carefully exploring and naming
the outlying islands. Here he met with
an accident by which he broke his arm,
and as it was tightly bandaged after the
cruel fashion of that day, it became a
source of infinite pain and trouble, but he
pushed bravely on with his voyage. On
November 14. buffeted by a fierce gale,
they were driven along a coast which Ca
brillo describes as covered with pine trees.
At dawn on the morning of the 16th of
November, 1542, they drifted in to a large
open bay which they named "Bahia de los
Pinos,' while the point of land to the
south they called "Cabo de Pinos." It was
.Monterey Bay.
The weather continued rough and they
returned to their old port at an island
near Santa Barbara, where poor Cabrillo
died on January 3, 1543.- With his dying
breath he urged upon his successor to con
tinue the exploration as soon as the
weather would permit. A fine, sturdy
type of the sailor he must have been in
deed. His comrades named the island
Juan Rodriguez, as a memorial, and
buried hia body in its shifting sands. But
the island soon lost his name and of his
grave there is no trace. When Cali
fornians are casting about for a fit subject
for monumental honors they may well re
member Juan Rodriguez Cabrillo.
Fifty years went by and not a vessel's
keel stirred the waters of the bay. The
pines looked down upon the dusky deni
zens of the forest in their childlike joys
Fifty years went by and not a vessel's
keel stirred the waters of the bay. The
pines looked down upon the dusky deni
zens of the forest in their childlike joys
and sorrows, their feasts and their fam
ines. Herds of deer sped through the
tangled wilderness. Great bears crept
down from their mountain lair 3 and
feasted on the leviathans of the deep
which were occasionally cast up by the
waves. The waters ebbed and flowed
under the moon and only the light canoe
glided across them.
In June, 1579, Captain Drake went sail
ing by in his lem peat- tossed ship, the
Golden Hind, searching for new lands and
new treasures for good Queen Bess, but
he totally overlooked our bay.
In the fall ol 1603 another explorer, one
Sebastian Viscaino, was fitted out by the
Viceroy of Mexico. He had three ships,
with 200 men and three Carmelite friars
on board. One of these friars, Antonio de
l'Ascension, was n faithful chronicler and
map-maker. The Viceroy, like his prede
cessors, wished to gain fresh subjects for
Spain, fresh converts for the church, good
harbors for the Spanish galleons on their
way to and from the Indies, and last but
not leas', the much-sought-for Straits of
Anian were still to be found. Viscaino
sailed in the wake of poor Cabrillo, but
must needs change the names which he
had given to places. On the 14th of De
cember they found and named beautiful
Carmel Bay, and on the 17th Viscaino' a
fleet rounded Point Pinos and dropped
anchor in the pine-fringed bay, which he
named Monterey in honor of the Viscount
de Monterey, Viceroy of Mexico. On the
next day the church tent, which was
always carried by these early missionaries,
was pitched under a grand old oak at the
entrance of a ravine where were springs of
fresh water. The place is well known
still, though the old oak perished long ago.
It must forever be the California Plymouth
Rock.
Viscaino's little' company were in sore
distress. Sixteen of the men bad died on
the voyage and all the crews were suffer
ing from scurvy. It was decided to send
back one of the ships with the sick men,
twenty-live of whom died before reaching
Acapulco. Five days later Viscaino with
the remaining ships proceeded on their
northern trip, but they stayed long
enough in Monterey Bay to note with en
thusiasm its fine qualities as a harbor,
while an expedition on shore revealed to
them its fertile soil, abundant game, plen
tiful wood and water and beautiful
scenery. Padre L'Ascension was the first
appreciative chronicler of Monterey Bay
and to him Spain was also indebted for the
first map of the coast approaching accur
acy. Viscaino sailed north amid great
hardships for many leagues and then re
turned to Mexico. He carried personally
to Spain the story of his wonderful
voyage.
And now another long period of solitude
befell our bay. Spain had many wars and
imbroglios always on hand and the first
enthusiasm for exploration had abated.
A hundred and sixty years went
by. Bears still held our mountain
passes and sea lions ruled the bay
and made havoc with smaller fry in
quite human fashion. Some aged Indian
might remember a tale his grandfather
had told him of a visit from white sons of
the gods who came in winged ships and
having performed strange ceremonies
sailed away into the sunset, but doubtless
the new generation listened with in
credulity.
During this whole period the lower pen
insula had been the scene of one heroic
effort alter another made by Jesuit mis
sionaries from Mexico to colonize the land
and christianize the natives. It is a re
cord of sublime faith and heroism almost
unparalleled in history. These soldiers of
the cross gloried in tribulation and re
joiced in martyrdom.
In Spain, however, the Jesuits had com
bined political intriguing with religious
zeal, and King Carlos banished the order
from his kingdom. This edict included
Mexico, and the Jesuit missions in
Lower California were turned over to
the Franciscan monks, who had a
large college at San Fernando, Mex
ico, with Padre Junipero Serra as presi
dent. In 1768 King Carlos, who naturally
feared that England or Russia might for
get his prior claims on the whole western
coast of America, sent orders to the Mexi
can Viceroy to again take possession of
the old ports of San Diego and Monterey
and renew efforts for colonization. The
matter was put in the hands of Jose de
Galvez, a trusted servantof the King. He
was a man of energy and ability and ad
dressed himself to his task. He took
counsel with Father Serra. who was as
eager as himself for the undertaking, and
together they organized a lar^e expedi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
tjon, consisting of soldiers, priests and
Christian Indians from the Mexican mis
sions.
They were provided with ail the need
ful things and were to proceed, half of
them by land and half by sea, to their new
fields of labor. Two vessels, the San Car
los and the San Antonio, were fitted out
and loaded with provisions, grain and
seeds, church materials, etc. Each vessel
had its share of soldiers, mechanics, cooks,
sailors and religious guides.
The land expedition was headed by a
brave soldier, Ga3par de Portala, with
twenty-five soldiers, three muleteers and
many Indians. Father Juan Crespi and
Father Serra were of this party. To the
carefully kept diary of the former all our
California historians are greatly indebted,
while Father Serra' s name is indissoiubly
linked with early California missions. He
was feeble in health and lame almost to
helplessness, but always cheerful, resolute
and heroic. Nearly forty days they
marched through desert and wilderness
ere they reached San Diego Bay and saw
the white sails of the San Car
los and San Antonio gleaming before
them. Many of the Indians had de
serted the land expedition and many of
the sailors had died from scurvy. They
counted now but 126 men where 219 had
started, but great was their joy over their
rescue. On Sunday they celebrated a
solemn festival, mass was said, a cross set
up and formal possession taken of the land
for the church and for Spain.
So many of the men were sick that they
decided to send them back by the San An
tonio, wiiile the rest divided into two par
ties, one staying at San Diego for mis
sion work and one pushing north to Mon
terey.
Portala took command of the Monterey
expedition. After only five days of rest
he started north with Father Crespi and
sixty-four soldiers, muleteers and Indians.
They followed the coast line, hastening on
through the pathless wilderness, enduring
much hardship and keeping careful notes
of all they saw. They were charmed with
the climate and pleased with the poor na
tives, who treated them with great friend
liness. Father Crespi baptized some of
the Indian children, givme them sweet
Christian names. At Los Angeles they
felt violent shocks of earthquake, but
they were not intimidated. The moun
tains seemed to rise interminably, but
they pushed on. They passed Monterey
Bay without recognizing it, and worn and
footsore reached San Francisco Bay,which
they named for their patron saint, a name
never changed. Exhausted, sick, and
with scanty rations, they now decided to
turn back.
They reached Monterey the second time
November 28, 1769, and stopping at Carmel
Bay set up a cross and buried at its foot a
brief report of their expedition as a guide
to future explorers, should they never
reach their friends at San Diego. But
January 24, 1770, saw the little bands once
more united. Sickness and trouble had
abounded there, and the expected ships
from Mexico containing supplies had not
arrived. Two days were devoted to
earnest prayer for succor, and lo! the res
cuing ships appeared.
Early in the spring Portala again set out
by land for Monterey with Father Crespi
and twenty-five men, while Father Serra
took all the provisions and re-enforce
ments which could be sparod from San
Diego and proceeded by vessel to the same
port. On the 24th of May Portala, after a
little over a month's marching, reached
his destination and found his cross hung
with votive offerings from the poor natives,
who recognized its religious character.
As Portala and Credpi walked by the sea
that lovely day in May their eyes were
opened to see that this was indeed Vis
caino's Bay of Monterey, and no one has
ever since doubted its identity. A week
later the San Antonio came safely to port
with Padre Serra. The little company of
soldiers and sailors made haste to assem
ble on the beach by the historic oak tree,
and again solemn services of prayer and
praise were held.
The mission bells are hung on a tree,
and peal forth joyously; the fathers, in
full religious dress, chant "Veni Cre
ator"; holy water is sprinkled upon the
ground; an image of the Virgin is set up
on a rude altar; mass is said, and the ar
tillery and cannon thunder, while Portala
runs up the Spanish flag. Monterey is
once more taken for God and Spain!
A feast followed, full of enjoyment for
all. The mission was named the San
Carlos, in honor of the King of Spain. In
a few days some rude huts were built, and
one consecrated and decorated for a
church. Portala appointed one of hit
men, Lieutenant Fages, comandante,
and on the 9th of July set sail in the An
tonio for Mexico. Portala wa9 Califor
nia's first Governor, and, though his term
of office wa? only a few months, his brave
work as explorer and founder should give
him a hi eh place in remembrance. The
news of the establishment of two col
onies gave great joy in Spain and in
Mexico.
And now, left to- themselves, Father
Serra and Father Crespi enthusiastically
began their work. The poor savages —
gentiles &b the fathers always called
them — were not hard" to win. The friars
were gentle and wise. Their plan was to
allure, not to force, and a few gifts gener
ally brought about friendly relations.
All mission history goes to prove
that the Franciscan fathers were noble,
pure, self-sacrificing men, and their treat
ment of the Indians fair and philan
thropic. They assumed a paternal atti
tude, encouraging and chidinjr, rewarding
and punishing very like parents.
Father Serra particularly was always
winning. He loved his flock with tender
fervor and joyfully devoted his life to
their salvation. No hardship? were too
great, no journey too long or too hazard
ous for his loving zeal. His plan was to
convert these "gentiles" and then organ
ize them into civilized communities. They
soon decided to move the mission over to
Carmel Bay, a more sheltered spot, and
here a church was built, while the fort
and its garrison, called the Presidio, was
left at Monterey. The buildings at both
places were inclosed by. a stockade con
sisting of posts firmly set in the ground
and the buildings themselves had walls
made in the same way and roofed with
grass or tules supported by rafters. These
were plastered with mud inside and out.
The Indian converts were persuaded to
build similar huts near the mission and a
group of these was called a rancheria.
Fresh supplies with livestock of every
kind arrived from Mexico and the whole
mission scheme developed rapidly. With
in the stockade of the Presidio were bar
racks for the soldiers and a chapel for
worship. The two establishments, mili
tary and religious, were kept distinct,
each having its own rules. Cannon
were mounted at the Presidio and
everything possible done to give
security to th«; colony, but they were piti
fully weak and fortunately no foe ever ap
peared on sea or shore. Fifteen miles
square was given each mission in Califor
nia by the Spanish Government to be used
for pasture, woodland and farms. The na
tives wore enticed into the mission bounds
by daily rations of food. The poor sav
age had too often felt the pangs of hunger
to be able to resist this bribe. Plenty of
boiled corn and a few simple lessons in
theology mado a "gentile" willing and
prepared for baptism, and he took his
place with the converts, but was never
classed with the "gentes de razon" (reason
able men), as white men were termed.
Soon the Indians became quite skillful
in the arts of agriculture and stock-rais
ing. A little later they learned spinning,
weaving and some simple manufactures.
It was very different from their old wan
dering, free life, and it required some co
ercion to hold them to it, but patience
conquered. If they escaped from the fold
they were brought back like stray cattle.
It was but a few years ere the converts
were counted by thousands, the mission
granaries were full to bursting, and the
mission herds overrpn the whole country.
But it was not all smooth sailing with
the mission fathers. Besides the nat
ural troubles which arose from deal
ing with savatres, there was quite as
much difficulty in managing lawloss sol
diers and interfering comandantes.
Questions of authority between church
and state constantly arose. Father Serra
even made a journey to Mexico to try and
have these vexed questions settled, but to
the end there was always much friction.
As years went by new missions were
started. Father Serra delighted to set
forth with a guard of soldiers, a few help
ers and some church supplies to found a
new station. The process was always
about the same. The cross was set up on
a good site, the place consecrated, a little
building commenced and a good priest left
in charge. Serra frequently visited these
stations to advise and help, but always re
turned to his beloved San Carlos, where
he lived to old/ age and died in 1784 be
loved and lamented by all.
The growth of pueblos began. Any one
wishing to settle in California could have
a small grant or lease of land. Many sol
diers bad families and retired from service
to settle on ranches. Emigrants and sol
diers not infrequently married Indian
women and thus the duties and the cares
of the fathers increased. Each pueblo or
settlement had its Alcalde, or Governor,
and matters civil and ecclesiastical gradu
ally adjusted themselves. It was only on
rare occasions that a ship entered the bay.
There was absolutely no commerce and
the only communication with the outside
world was through the transports whic i
once or twice a year brought supplies from
Mexico and through the annual visit of a
Spanish galleon on its return from the
East Indies. Couriers from Mexico came
overland twice a year bringing and carry
ing letters and official communications.
In September, 1786, two French frigates
on an exploration for scientific ends came
to the bay and had a most cordial recep
tion. The commander, La Perouse, wrote
up the country, the mission and the
natives, with careful scientific observa
tions.
But isolated as California was great loy
aity to Spain was felt. They celebrated
all the great events of that country as best
they could when the news reached them,
and several times made a liberal donation
to the ever empty Spanish exchequer.
Monterey ws athe seat of the little court.
Governors were appointed from Mexico,
and when one became tired or failed to
please he was succeeded by another. The
legend is often repeated that fifteen Gov
ernors of California lie buried in old Car
mel Mission. Life at the Presidio was
gay, easy and in many ways attractive to
the Spanish heart. There were usually
about sixty men there, many of them with
families. Pretty strict discipline was
maintained both there and in the pueblo.
Gambling and drinking were both held in
check, and but few crimes are recorded in
the mission period.
A mission was successfully started at
Santa Cruz in 1791. and a settlement
named Branciforte for the Viceroy of Mex
ico. The paternal Government helped
them in every way as usual. It is note
worthy that a flouring-mill, run by water
power, was built at Branciforte in 1796.
Captain George Vancouver of England,
with two ships, came into the bay in these
days on his famous exploring tour around
the world, and was most hospitably re
ceived.
But after he was gone the loyal colon
ists becan to suspect that the English
were spying out their weakness, and when
Vancouver returned they were decidedly
cool, which led Vancouver to enter in his
notebook that the people of New Albion,
as he called California, according to
Drake's naming, were an inferior set of
folks and would never improve till they
had some commerce with other nations.
In 1794 Don Diego Borica became Gov
ernor, and a stirring, cheerful good ruler
he was. He wrote home charming letters
full of the praises of Monterey. "It is the
most peaceful country in the world," he
writes; "one can live better here than at
any European court." The garrison was
full of good soldiers, the mission with
holy priests and gentle neophytes, accord
ing to Borica. Spain decided to strengthen
her California colonies, and Borica was
just the man for the work. More soldiers
and cannon were sent, and two vessels
cruised up and down as a sort of coast
guard. No foreigu vessels were allowed to
send men ashore except for wood and
water.
And now came the first Yankee trading
vessel, the Otter, from Boston. They had
papers from General George Washington
and were well treated, but the captain, it
is reported, secretly sent ashore s-ome
convicts who had boarded his vessel at
some Mexican port. Borica was greatly
displeased, but the convicts were set to
work and did no harm. They may be an
cestors, for aught that appears, to some of
our first families.
It was in these prosperous times that
the fine old partly stone church of Monte
rey was built. It has been greatly changed,
but is on the old foundation.
The pueblo of Monterey grew and im
proved and very cheerful life went on in
its homes. Little children were very nu
merous, and in 1793 an order came from
Spain for the establishment of a school in
each pueblo, and Borica set himself vig
orously at the founding of schools.
He found in his quest for teachers that
only fourteen out of the fifty soldiers in
the Presidio could read or write. Finally
Jose Rodriguez, a soldier and carpenter,
in 1795 started the first public school in
Monterey. In these schools Christian doc
trine was the first thing to be taught, then
reading ana writing. The Government
furnished paper for copy-books, and as
oon as these were filled with pothooks
and hangers they were to be sent to Borica
for inspection and afterward were econom
ically used for cartridge?.
Bo life went on. New industries were
introduced. "Woolen cloth was made and
coarse pottery. Hides were tanned and
leather made into shoes and saddles. Ot
ters were trapped for their skins and trad
ing vessels, Yankee and otherwise, began
to creep in and, in spite of obstacles inter
posed by the Government and the padres,
to carry on a brisk exchange of commodi
ties. Tallow and hides were exported in
great quantities. Bright-colored calicoes
and other finery were eagerly paid for with
valuable skins; the world could not be
kept out. The pines of Monterey were
also in demand for building purposes all
up and down the coast and in Mexico.
The friars came and went at San Carlos.
Chief among them after Serra was Lasuen,
president of all the missions. At the
height of the mission period there were
a thousand neophytes at San Carlos, and
the possessions of the mission in grain,
cattle and land were almost incredible — so
good was the management and so fertile
the country.
Good Governor Borica wrote his opinion
of the country on the occasion of the ad
vent of a little native son in his own fam
ily; "He is a Californian. Oh, a Califor
nian ! It is the best country in the world
to live in long and well."
Among other good regulations of Borica' s
was an approximately good temperance
law. A sergeant who kept brandy for sale
was only allowed to sell two drinks iv the
morning and one in the evening to the
same person. There were 400 residents in
Monterey in Borica's day. His health at
last failed and he started for Mexico, but
died on the voyage in 1799.
The years were rather uneventful till
1818, wken there was a general uprising in
South America and piratical craft were
abundant on the Pacific. Much fear was
felt at Monterey lest some of these cruisers
should sweep down upon them and ravage
the little settlement. Much preparation was
made, but they knew they were literally
helpless before heavily armed privateers.
Vicente de Sola was Governor, and he was
in great alarm when news came that two
piratical vessels were fitting out in the
Sandwich Islands to attack the settlements.
Wild excitement prevailed. The com
andante and Governor decided to send
women, children and movable goods to
the interior station of Salinas, and it was
well that this was done, for on the 20th of
November, 1818, two vessels commanded
by Bonchere, a Frenchman, long remtftn
bered as "the Pirate Boucher," sailed into
the bay and demanded the surrender of
the town. There is a Spanish report of a
blustering reply and a gallant defense, but
it cannot be sustained, and the probability
is that Bouchere found spiked guns and a
deserted town. He proceeded to ransack
the buildings for booty and then set them
on fire. On the morning of the 27th the
marauders departed, leaving San Carlos
Mission undisturbed.
All the missions contributed to repair
ing the damage, and life soon went on as
usual at Monterey.
In 1822, when Mexico threw off the yoke
of Spain, theCalifornians were hardly dis
turbed. Mexico had really been their
ruler. Only the form of official oath was
changed.
In I*2l, when Mexico became a republic,
California became a territory with a
"chief" appointed by Mexico. And now
the Mexican Government, always poor
and in straits, began to look wistfully at
the great possessions of the California
missions. If they could only somehow be
transferred to the state. They must be
"secularized," and they were.
It was the beginning of the end. A few
years confiscated all the mission property.
Colonists were sent by the shipload to set
tle upon the mission lands.
The ship Natalia was bought to be used
as a transport. It was the ship, said tra
dition, which carried the great Napoleon
back to France from Elba, and one day it
anchored in Monterey Bay with a load of
unwelcome emigrants. A tierce gale drove
it upon the beach, where it soon went to
pieces. Only three lives were lost, but the
mission padres did not fail *o see in its
wreck a direct visitation of God. Its dis
mantled hulk, witli the bare black masts
reaching up through the waves, have
pointed many a moral and adorned many
a tale of Monterey.
The padres would not tolerate the as
sumptions of these poor colonists, and
proceeded to destroy the mission stock to
prevent its falling into their hands. Good
beef and mutton were never so cheap be
fore or since in Monterey. A time of
anarchy set in. Each new Governor sent
from Mexico was more distracted than his
predecessor. The missions fell into rains;
the neophytes went back into savagery.
But immigrants now came from new
directions; hunters and trappers from the
northwest. Renegade sailors, retired
soldiers and sea captains who had spied
out tiie fatness of the land took possession
of ranches to which by hoot or by crook
they obtained a title, married Spanish or
Indian belles and became bona-nde settlers.
Some of Monterey's best citizens arrived
in these days of misrule and confusion be
tween 1820 and 1840. Among these t\ ere
David Spence, a canny Scotchman; Jame3
Stokes and James Watson, both English
men, as was also W. P. Hartnell.
Thomas Larkin, long and well-known
as United States Consul in Mon
terey, was an energetic Yankee arri
val of this period. He brought to Cali
fornia the first Yankee wife, and their
home in Monterey was a center of culture
and kindness and fine hospitality for a
quarter of a century.
About 1825 David Douglass, a botanist,
agent of the British Geographical Society,
visited Monterey and made careful notes
of its flora. His name is linked with many
of our plants as their discoverer.
A new native California party grew up
and added to the political complications
which we shall not try to follow. The
Mexican flag always floated over Monterey,
but sometimes one faction held sway,
sometimes another. The ordinary citizen
when he took his daily siesta could never
have been much surprised to find a new
Governor in power when he awoke, and a
new and more grandicose pronunciamento
plastered on the adobe walls of the pueblo.
In 1840 a certain Governor Alvarado
thought he discovered a deep plot for in
surrection among the foreign residents,
and so had them all put in irons and
shipped to San Bias. Perhaps he thought
seasickness an antidote for treason! The
Mexican Government, however, had no
desire to tight, England, France and
America all at once, and sent them
promptly home. During this twenty-five
years ot Mexican and native Californian
rule this bay must have heard much,
strong language, but it is pleasant to re
cord there was no bloodshed.
In 1842 there were 15,000 people in Cali
fornia, 2000 of whom were Americans and
saw that some day the United States would*
claim California, but there were many
English and Scotch settlers, who hoped to
see the British flag overhead. Meanwhile
all bided their time and joined more or
less heartily ia the gay life of the country.
Everywhere there was plenty. Fleet
horses and fat cattle roamed toe hills, and
though ranchers claimed and branded
their own the horsethief felt that
his rights were as strong as
any man's, especially if he were
on the horse. The cowboy reigned
supreme. Ranches extended illim
itably. The owner, Don this or Senor
that, lived in a long, adobe house and was
a native prince. He ate beef, tortillas,
tomales and beans, made savory with,
peppers and garlic and olive oil. He gal
loped all day on his fleet bronco and
danced all night in the merry fandango,
while every Sunday and saint's day there
'was a bullfight, or a bear-baiting, or a
horserace, most delightful to see. It was
California's age of romance. The missions
fell into ruin, but the priest maintained a
gentle tway, married the young folks,
christened the babies, comforted the dying,
buried the dead.
In 1842 an American warship, the Cyane,
sailed into the bay, commanded by Com
modore Jones. He knew that the United
States was on the brink of war with Mex
ico and he also knew that an English ship
of war lay at Callao, Peru, and might any
hour approach California to take posses
sion. He thought he could not be too
prompt, so he sent a boat ashore demand
ing the surrender of the country to the
United States Government. Alvarado
thought there was no way but to submit,
so up went the stars and stripes, but only
for a few hours. Thomas O. Larkin, the
leading American citizen, acted as media
tor and counseled delay, so Commodore
Jones took down the flag with apologies.
It would be delightful to tell the story
of that 7th of July, 1846, when Commo
dore Sloat of the United States frigate Sa
vannah, lying in our bay. at last decided
that the hour had come for taking posses
sion, and once more the starry flag went
up over California; but will it not be told
and retold at the coming celebration of the
fiftieth anniversary of that glorious day?
Mary H. Field.
1718
The .Man Who Raised the Flag
He Was J^idskipman or\ the Sa^ar\r\aK
Under Commodore Sloat
Strangely enough, it was the experience
of William P. Toler. now of Oakland but
in early days a midshipman in the United
States navy, to see the American flag run
up at Monterey as a token of taking pos
session of California, on two separate occa
sions, he personally raising it the
second time. The first occasion was
on October 19, 1842, when the flag
was raised by order of Commodore
Thomas Ap Catesby Jones. The sec
ond was on July 7, 1846, when the
American flag was put up to stay by com
mand of Commodore Sloat. So far as can
be ascertained Mr. Toler is the only sur
vivor of those who were officially present
on both of these interesting occasions.
Mr. Toler has related interestingly to
a representative of The Call what he per
sonally observed and did at that period.
"When the American forces were landed
at Monterey to hoist the flag and to take
possession of the country on July 7, 1846,"
said he, "I was charged with the duty of
having the flag raised on the staff near the
custom-house, which building still re
mains. I was not directed personally to
raise the flag, ot course, but to see that it
was done at the proper time after the
proclamation had been read. I was a
young midshipman on board of the Sa
vannah and was Commodore Sloal's aid.
I was not 21 years oid and I think that the
importance of that occasion may not have
been as fully impressed upon me as it
since has been.
"The flag to be raised was carried ashore
by a quartermaster, who had it under his
arm. I do not recollect his name, But I
know that he must have been a superior
seaman or he could not have been Quar
termaster. Soon after breakfast, some
time between 9 and 10 o'clock, I think,
the sailors and marines, under command
of Captain Mervine of the Savannah,
numbering about 250 in all, went asnore.
Commodore Sloat was on board of the
Savannah at that time and did not go
ashore until after the proclamation had i
been read and the flag was flyinsr.
"It was a clear day, with little wind.
The boats proceeded in order, meeting
with no opposition or demonstration, to
the beach. There was near the custom
house a small pier, or seawall, made of
rough stones, taken, I suppose, from the
bluffs near by, projecting out far enough
to furnish a smooth space for a boat land
ing. This had been constructed for the
use of merchant vessels, to give easy land
ing when the breakers were running in ;
but it was used for man-of-war boats also,
and it was for this place that we were
headed. The people on shore — the native
Californians and other nationalities hav
ing representatives at Monterey — all
knew, of course, what an expedition
of this sort, moving inshore with glisten
ing guns and swords, meant. General
Castro was not there. In fact there was
no Mexican force. The Mexican captain,
who had been there in the five days elaps
ing between the date of the arrival of the
Savannah in port and the appearance of
this armed force, undoubtedly nad suffi
cient time to decide what he would do.
His determination evidently was not to
engage in a conflict. Neither he nor his
soldiers made themselves manifest.
"Looking back through so many years
and, as I say, being less impressed then
with the significance of the day's work
than I have since been, lam not able to
say just what vessels were in port from my
personal recollection, but I recollect that
it was a pretty sight. Point Pinos wa9
then heavily wooded. The country was
undeveloped largely, but picturesque, and
pleased the eye. In front of us was the
white beach, beyond the rocky bluffs, and
farther on was the small adobe town, in
which the officers of first rank in the
country had made their homes. Back oX
us were the American war vessels. Yes,
it was altogether a very pretty picture,
including the broad sweep of blue water
and the Santa Cruz Mountains across the
bay.
"When the boats reached the shore most
of the population was near. Ladies and
children and the native California men,
spurs on heel, who were at home in the
saddle, looked on with curiosity as we de
barked within a stone's throw of the
custom-house. In the gathering was rep
resented the best society in this part of
the country. It did not take long to get
the sailors and marines ashore, and they !
were at once formed and marched up to
surround two sides of the custom-house —
the side toward the Santa Cruz shore and
WILLI^ P. JOLIR, JW of Oakland, Who Raised the Flag at
Monterey on duly 7, 1846.
the west. The forces were arranged
in double ranks, forming two sides
nearly of a hollow square. Facing
the custom-house at the north were
a group of staff officers, among whom was
Rodman M. Price, who had been in
structed to read Commodore Sloat's
proclamation taking possession in behalf
of the United States. I stood near the
flagstaff at the north end of the custom
house, and near me was the quarter
master, who fastened the flag to the
halyards and held himself in readiness to
hoist the colors when the proper time
snould arrive.
"You can see from this that if every
thing had gone smoothly I would not
personally have raised the flag, but there
happened to be a hitch. I was given the
proper signal or order, I forget which, and
at once commanded the quartermaster:
" 'Hoist away!'
"The quartermaster pulled on the rope,
but the flag did not go up. The halyards
were stuck some way. I looked up to see
what could be the matter, but being near
the flagstaff could not make out what the
trouble was. Some officer shouted:
" 'The halyards are stuck, Toler; I'll go
up and fix it.'
"This was Midshipman Edward Higgins,
who was young like myself. He ran for
ward, and, throwing off his hat, climbed
the staff, and in a minute later shouted
'hoist away; it' a clear now.'
"In the first instance, after the quarter
master had failed I took hold myself,
being young, impatient and impetuous,
and believing that the quartarmaster was
at fault. I did not let go until I had
hoisted the flag and had fastened the hal
liards to the cleat. The Americans had
now formally taken possession of the land,
and the next to do was to provide for keep
ing a force ashore.
"With very little delay the barracks
formerly occupied by the Mexican soldiers
were occupied. The barracks consisted of
a long two-story adobe building, wuich was
not torn down until a few years ago. Here
was posted a naval force until the army
officers came and the navy gradually with
drew from shore duty. The breastworks
on the bluff above the custom-house was
found to hare three long brass cannons
in it, which the Mexicans had left there.
It was thought best to build a block house,
which was located just above the Mexican
breastwork. This was a naval fort, being
built by the navy. I commanded that fort
for a time, until I was succeeded by Mid
shipman Baldwin, since Admiral Baldwin,
who outranked . me by seniority. The
block house was known as Fort Mervine.
It was armed with three 42-pound carron
ades, which are no longer made, but were
in general use then in the navy."
Mr. Toler explained the coincidence of
his being present at the two American flag
raisings at Monterey. He spoke and wrote
Spanish fluently. When he was first ap
pointed a midshipman. Commodore Jones,
who knew Mr. Toler's father well and who
also Knew that a Spanish interpreter
would be indispensable to him on the Pa
cific Coast, at once asked the Secretary of
the Navy to assign Midshipman Toler to
his ship, and this request was granted.
As soon as Mr. Toler reported for duty he
was made aid to Commodore Jones, and
he was constantly attached to that officer
in his movements. When the flag was
first raised by order of Commodore Jones
the ceremonies, a3 they are recalled by
Mr. Toler, were substantially the same as
those arranged four years later by Com
modore Sloat. In neither instance
did the commodore go ashore. In
the episode of 1842 Captain Armstrong
commanded the landing force. The flag
was raised at the same place in 1842 and
1846. What happened to Commodore
Jones is a matter of history. He had
acted prematurely and the Government
felt constrained to put him under censure
and to give official disavowal to his wort
at Monterey, and he was accordingly re
tired for four years, which he passed at
his home by the Potomac River.
Midshipman Toler had several odd ex
periences. Some time after he was re
lieved of tne command of Fort Mervine he
was attached to Captain Mattox of tne
marines, on shore duty, largely by reason
of his ability to talk with" the Californians.
He had been promised by Commodore
Stockton, who had succeeded Commodore
Sloat, that he should have shore duty as
long as that officer remained in com
mand of the squadron. Mr. Toler enjoyed
shore life and had already made his plans
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
THE UNITED STATES FRIGATTE SAVANNAH FLAGSHIP OF COMMODORE JOHN D. SLOAT.
This picture is drawn from an old sketch, and represents the Savannah just after she dropped anchor in Monterey Bay on the afternoon of July 2, 1846. It
was five days later when Commodore Sloat gave the order to have tho Stars and Stripes raised on shore.
to remain in California permanently. In
fact, he had written to his father and
sister to come to California, and had ten
dered his resignation to Commodore
Stockton, but had withdrawn the resigna
tion upon the promise of shore duty and
with the understanding that if he should
be ordered to sea he would renew his
resignation.
The navy regulations on shore do not
appear to have been strictly lived up to
at that time. One regulation of the de
partment provided that the hair should
be worn short. Midshipman Toler let
his hair grow, and out of this came an odd
enough episode.
One day Commodore Biddle sailed into
port, and soon afterward, being in com
mand of the squadron, went ashore to look
about. He soon acquainted himself with
all there was to see. When first his eyes
lighted upon Midshipman Toler's long
hair be gave a start and frowned.
"Who is that officer with long hair?" he
demanded of Captain Mattox.
The next question was, "Do you need
him very much?"
At the close of this short catechism
Commodore Biddle turned to his secretary
and ?aid, "Mr. Clark, as soon as you go on
board ship make out an order for Midship
man Toler to report at once for sea duty."
Mr. Toler at once filed a second resig
nation, which was promptly pigeonholed
by Commodore Biddle. He protested
very vigorously to Commodore Biddle, and
said that he had made all bis plans to
remain in California; that he had long
contemplated leaving the navy, but had re
mained while there was any war pro
gressing in California, and wound up by
saying that the order to send him to sea
was shameful. How be escaped a penalty
for such talk, Mr. Toler says frankly,
he does not know. The commodore was
inexorable, and in a short time Toler was
sailing for the East via Cape Horn. Com
modore Biddle added fuel to the fire by
telling the young and ardent midshipman
that the Toler family would thank him for
sending the young man home.
So it was that Mr. Toler had to resign
three times to get out of the navy. The
first resignation was offered to Commo
dore Stockton, the second to Commodore
Biddle and the third to the Secretary of
the Navy at Washington. The Secretary
was willing to accept the tnird resigna
tion, but suggested that Mr. Toler should
return to California on the frigate St.
Mary's, which was about to sail for the
Pacihc Coast, and on pay. This proposi
tion was accepted with thanks, but Mr.
Toler provided apparel in New York in
which to promptly appear as a civilian
upon his arrival at Yerba Buena. He
made the passage in an official capacity to
San Francisco or Yerba Buena.
The St. Mary's had hardly dropped
anchor when Mr. Toler went bolow. Very
soon thereafter the seamen, marines and
officers witnessed an apparition that
caused their eyes to dilate with genuine
astonishment. There was Toler walking
the deck with a fashionable street costume
of broadcloth, wearing also on his head
the highest of all high tile hats procura
ble. More than this, he affected aston
ishment conspicuously, like a regular
landsman, at the aquatic scene and mari
time surroundings about him. He walked
the deck until he came near the captain
of the ship and strode ostentatiously back
and forth in his neighborhood in all tne
pomp and circumstance of civilian attire.
The Secretary of the Navy had made his
resignation effective immediately upon
the arrival of the ship at Yerba Buena,
and he was now at one leap from the
ranks of seafarers— a civilian.
The captain of the ship looked at
Toler in silence for awhile. Then the ears
of the latter were assailed by loud laughter.
There stood the captain too much amused
to remain quiet longer. Toler then left
the n»vy and since then he has been a resi
dent of California.
Mr. Toler was born in Venezuela. His
father, who was a native of Virginia, was
at the time of his son's birth a merchant
in Venezuela. Mrs. Toler died, and the
family returned to the United States,
where Mr. Toler Sr. received an ap
pointment as Consul to Porto Rico,
which position he occupied many
years. W. P. Toler first tilled the position
of clerk to Attorney-General Crittenden.
He was appointed a midshipman through
th« kind offices of Henry Clay, who, find
ing that Virginia had its full quota of ap
pointments to the navy filled, caused the
young man to be named as coming from
the State of Kentucky. The appointment
was dated in 1841, which was before the
Naval Academy at Annapolis was insti
tuted. Mr. Toier had one sister, who mar
ried Judge L. W. Hastings of California.
Over 10,000 Irish people settle in Eng
land every year.
One of t\i& Savannahs Crew.
Gharles Byrnes ar\d His J^emories of the
Unpopular Commander
11
Charles Byrnes, one of the few surviving |
members of that famous party that landed j
from the United States vessels and by j
raising the stars and stripes over the little
adobe Custom-house of Monterey secured
this glorious State to the American Na
tion, is a resident of San Francisco, having
made his home here for a number of years
past.
Though more than seventy summers
have whitened his hair, Byrnes does not
appear to be over 55 or 60, and bi3 step
and heart are still light and his memory
of the events of those stirring days re
markable. He was a sailmaker aboard
the frigate Savannah, the flagship of the
American squadron, and, being a man of
intelligence and considerable education,
saw and remembered much that wo'ild ;
have escaped the ordinary sailor. His
narrative of the stirring events that pre
ceded and followed the raising of the flag
is remarkable from the fact that many of
the incidents he relates with the minute
ness of detail that is proof of their authen
ticity have never been given to the world, !
and are now published for the firt time.
Though mauy years have passed since
Byrnes followed his vocation as a sail- I
maker afloat he has lost none of his sea
faring instincts, and every day of the year,
rain or shine, sees him on the water front
in stores where sea-captains buy their
supplies, or in other places where mari
ners congregate. Having a pension from
the United States Government for his
services during the Mexican war and
some means oi his own Byrnes is a man of
leisure and spends the largr portion of
txis time discussing matters nautical with
a few friends among the veterans of the
sea. It was while in a reminiscent mood a
few days ago that he told ot the raising of
the flag and of the narrow margin by
wnich the United States fleei prevented
the English from taking possession.
"We had a merry chase with the English
fleet all the way from Callao," he said, "and
while they never came within hailing dis
tance of us we had hardly completed the
work of raising tne flag and taking pos
session before they hove in sight off the
harbor coming under full sail, but the day
after the fair.
"We learned afterward that they were
from two to three days behind ug at each
of their stopping places, San Bias,
Mazatlan, etc, only remaining long
enough in each harbor to gain what infor
mation they could of our movements. It
transpired afterward that Admiral Sey
mour, the English commander, had orders
to seize the territory.to be held until certain
large sums owing England by Mexico were
paid. The American fleet consisted of the
Savannah ana Congress, two as fine frig
ates as ever spread a sail, and the sloops
Levant and Cyone.
"Commodore Sloat was in command,
with Commodore Stockton next in rank.
The Savannah had hardly dropped her
anchor in the blue waters of Monterey
Bay on July 2, 1846, when a boat from
shore brought the information that war
had been declared. Tne declaration was
read on the frigate's deck, after the crew
had been mustered, and then the landing
party was told off to go ashore. Five days
later this party took formal possession by
raising Old Glory.
"I remember as plainly as though it was
yesterday the line of smart boats pulling
for the shore in man-of-war style— single
file. Once ashore, the party was met by
the alcalde, who was an American named
Thomas 0. Larkin. He had come out to
this coast as the second mate of a whaler,
but the captain died and Larkin married
his widow and oettled ashore. Without
loss of time the party, of which I was a
member, marched to the ouatom-house,
and one of our quartermasters, named Gil
lespie, raised the flag.
"A couple of days later the English fleet
hove in sight. The stars and stripes were
plainly visible from the harbor, and
Admiral Seymour must have seen the flag
long before he came to a place where he
could anchor.
"The officers of the American vessels
were watching the English closely, and
rather expecting mischief, so that they
were not greatly surprised when tne Col
lingwood, Admiral Seymour's flagship,
hauled in between the Savannah and Con«
gress.they being about three hundred yards
apart. The Collingwooa was one of those
immense 74-gua line-01-battle ships that
the English in those days were fond o
calling the 'wooden walls of England.'
She was a formidable vessel, and her tak
ing the position she did, where she coud
use every gun on the most efficient ships
of the American fleet, was looked upon as
a belligerent act that immediately caused
intense excitement aboard the Savannah
and Congress.
"Almost before she was thoroughly
moored in her position orders were given
on the Savannah and Congress to clear
decks for action. Train tackles were cast
off and overhauled, the totnpions were
taken from the guns, and within a few
moments we were in a good condition
where we could have given the Collingwood
a broadside in very short order. As soon
as the bi<: English ship was in the position
they wanted her, a boat was lowered and
Admiral Seymour came aboard of the
Savannah.
He was a tall, fine-looking man, with a
savage-lookkig scar across his forehead
and cheek, where he had received a sabe-
cut in some action.
"He saw our men at quarters as he came
up the side and glanced keenly fore and
aft, but never a word he uttered, but went
into the cabin with Sloat, where they re
mained for a considerable time. What
was said at that conference we did not
know, but at any rate the English did not
offer any opportunity to test their mettle.
The officers in command of our fleet did
not let this lull them into a state of false
security, however, but went on witn their
warlike preparations. Several 24-pounders
were landed and a blockhouse for their
accommodation built on the heights com
manding the bay. I remember well the
tremendous task we had hauling those
ponderous 'barkers' up the hillside. The
lines got so hot sometimes that we had to
pour water on them to keep them from
burning.
"At another place a strong house sur
rounded by a picket stockade was built,
with quarters for a good number of men.
A brass fieldpiece formed part of the
armament of the house.
"Sloat was a very unpopular man with
the ship's crew, principally because he
was a tyrant among the men. The cat-o'
nine-tails was his favorite sentence to
offenders and usually he failed to investi
gate the offense before ordering the un
fortunate triced up for punishment.
"I remember one incident that went a
long way to make Sloat unpopular on the
ship, and as I firmly believe led, through
the instrumentality of Commodore Stock
ton, to the abolition of flogging in the
American navy. It was a rule then, as I
suppose it is to-day, that orders must be
obeyed promptly and to some extent
blindly by the sailors of the ships. One
day we were firing a salute to some officer
or dignitary who had been aboard and was
leaving in a bout. James McLaugblin, an
old gunner 65 years old, who had been
through the Tripolitan war, was at the
port gun that was being used in the salute.
"The first lieutenant was under the after
deck, as was customary, and called out,
'Are you ready ?' McLaughlln sang out,
'No,' for he had not taken the tompion
out of his gun, but the lieutenant did not
hear him, and gave the order, 'Port fire!'
There was nothing for McLaughlin to do
but obey and he pulled the lanyard.
"The resuit was that the tompion was
sent with nearly the force of a shot and
very narrowly missed killing the officer
who was being saluted as his boat pulled
away.
"McLaughlin was called up and Sloat de
manded to know why he had fired the gun
with the tompion in.
"He explained that be had signified that
he was not ready, but the lieutenant con
tradicted him, and though there were
dozens of McLaughlin's shipmates who
would have testified that the gunner said
he was not ready to tire the gun Sloat
would hear no more, and ordered all
hands piped on deck to witness punish
ment.
"McLaughlin was given his choice be
tween apologizing to the lieutenant for
having disputed his word, or taking a
dozen lashes, and chose the latter.
"He was stripped to the waist, triced up
in the rigging and given a dozen on his
bare back that brought the blood at every
swing of the cat. Then he was cut down
and put in the brig, though before he
could be ironed there he gave the lieuten
ant a tongue-lashing that made the officer
wince, and, showing the scars he had re
ceived in the war with Tripoli demanded
to know whether it was justice that a man
who had served his country faithfully and
well should be tied up and beaten like an
animal.
"Sloat was determined that he should
apologize, however, though the lieuten
ant would have been willing to let the
matter pass. So the next two days Mc-
Laughlin was brought on deck for punish
ment and on his refusal to ask the officer's
j pardon was flogged. After the third day
I the murmurs of the crew became so deep
( that it was thought best to desist and after
being kept a few days longer in the brig
McLaughlin was released.
"The ship'a crew did not forget Sloat,
however, aSid their opportunity to revenge
McLaughlin's scars came shortly after
wa:d, when Sloat started for home around
the Horn in one of the sloops-of-war — I
i think it was the Levant.
"As was usual when so important a per
sonage was leaving, preparations were
made to show him all the honors belong
ing to his rank.
"The men were ordered to put on the I
suits that were reserved for state occa
sions—sailors had two distinct uniforms
in those days— and as Sloat's boat was
pulled away toward the ship that would
taice him home, the order was given to the
men. who had previously been sent aloft
to man the rigging from the main truck to
the monkey rail, for three cheers.
"Then happened the strangest thing
that ever took (lace aboard a man-of-war.
Instead of three cheers the 600 and odd
men who made up the crew gave three
tremendous groans that could be heard a
miie.
"Only one man cheered and that was an
old cook, George Boyle by name, who had
been a favorite of Sloat's. His feeble voice
was drowned In those of the crew. Sloat
was standing up in his boat when the men
went into the rigging, but when the soi
emn groans floated across the water he sat
down abruptly and did not look toward
the Savannah again while on the way to
the Levant.
"His departure left Commodore Stockton
in command and the fleet heaved a sigh
of relief as the Levant disappeared in the
offing. Stockton was a totally different
kind of man from Sloat and was very pop
ular in the fleet, principally because he
realized that sailors were human beings
after all and should be treated as such.
He was a manly man and his qualifications
were respected by all under him. An inci
dent that happened at San Diego will
illustrate to you how he treated his men.
"He was riding along on horseback when
CHARLES ByRNES of Jhis City, Who Was Sailmaker on the
SaVannah Under Gommodore Sloat.
one of the men from the Savannah, who
had been drinking and who imagined he
had a grievance against Stockton, seized
his mount by the bridle and announced
that he could and would thrash the com
modore. In those days a man could be
hanged for striking an officer. Instead of
ordering the man on board in irons, as
Sloat would have done, Stockton tried to
pacify the man, explaining to him the
folly of picking fights and attempting to
pa3*s the affair off pleasantly. The sailor
would not be denied, however, and Stock
ton led the way to a convenient
place for a pugilistic encounter, where he
gave the sailor such a beatinp as to lineer
on his memory and visage for many days,
and then sent him aboard the ship. It
was supposed, of course, that punishment
was in order for the next day, but the
hands were never mustered for that
purpose again as long as Stockton was in
the Savannah, and the worst that befell
the sailor— who was terror-stricken when
he sobered up and realized the position he
was in— was a quiet admonition to be
more careful in the future.
"Stockton became a Senator from New
Jersey after retiring from the ser
vice and fathered the bill that finally
abolished flogging on board of United
States vessels.
"When the flag was raised at Monterey
it was deemed desirable to let the Ameri
cans at San Francisco, then Yerba Buena,
and particularly the commander of tne
United States sloop-of-war Portsmouth,
then lying in the bay, know of the affair as
soon as possible.
"To this end a cutter from the Savan
nah in charge of a lieutenant was dis
patched on the errand, it being thought
advisable not to send away any of the
warships at that time on account of the
presence of the Collingwood and her three
consorts.
"The Mexicans were equally desirous of
getting the news to the bay early and the
moment the flag was flying two horsemen
started overland as hard as they could go
to carry the news.
"The Savannah went to San Pedro
shortly after the affair at Monterey, and in
1848 went home. She was nearly lost in
the passage around Cane Horn, all hands
being at work for a day before she was safe.
"The last I heard of them there were
three members of the Savannah's crew be
sides myself surviving on this coast.
Josephus Munson of Santa Cruz, William
Quail of Slate Range and a man named
Walker, a boatswain of the ship who lived
at Vallejo.']
COLTON'S HALL
AT MONTEREY
A historic monument is Coiton's Hall
in Monterey. It was in that hall that
Walter Colton, the first Americau Alcalde
of Monterey, dispensed justice in the early
days of the protectorate. It was in that
hall that the first American school of the
city was taught, and it was in that hall
that the first constitutional convention of
the State of California assembled. The
last Legislature voted an appropriation to
be used in the acquirement of that ball by
the State, but the Governor's veto delayed
a consummation which is certainly to be
wished. Walter Colton was a navy chap
lain, and was appointed Alcalde by Com
modore Stockton in July, 1846, a short time
after the occupation of Monterey. The
new Alcalde's jurisdiction extended over
an immense territory and over a most
heterogeneous population. All the immi
grants, Colton declared, "have come here
with the expectation of finding little work
and less law." Through a discordant
mass he was compelled to maintain order,
punish crime and redress szrievances. The
city jail was a very weak concern, and con
finement therein was as much of a joke as
it was a punishment. Colton introduced
dignity into the Alcalde's office, and he
determined to bring about a system of law
and order, and have a governmental head
quarters into the bargain.
He decreed that prisoners confined under
his orders in Monterey would have to do
physical labor for the benefit of the town
that fed them. It was then he decided to
build a public hall, and in carrying out
that decision he gained the enmity of the
gambling element. The story of how that
hall was built is best told by John E.
Richards in his early reminiscenses of the
California bench and bar.
"Colton," says Mr. Richards, "concluded
that the town of Monterey needed a public
hall, and took this novel way of raising
the revenue to build it. Whenever he
would be informed of a faro game of any
size in progress, he would take his staff of
justice ana repair to the scene of the game.
When he thought the pile of gold on the
table large enough to suit, he would lay
hi 3 vara de justicia across the pile and
then gather it in. Out of the proceeds of
this novel form of judicial tribute, Colton
Hall, which still stands in Monterey, was
built; but Alcade Colton lost caste with
the gamblers of Monterey, and with a
lustiness worthy of our modern day they
clamored for a change."HE SAW THE.
FLAG RAISED
JMeeting of the Jvmta
at JMr. LarUirv's
House
.HISTORIC .NJIRRJITIVE OF
CJIPTJHJi SWJISEY
The J^ost Gritical period ir\ the
Turning Point of Califor
nia's History, July
7, 1846
Captain W. F. Swasey of this City was
fficially connected with the preliminaries
which led up to the occupation of Califor
nia by the Americans. He was present, in
a semi-official capacity, at the raising of
the American flag at Monterey on July 7,
184tj. His position was that of clerk to
Thomas O. Larkin, the United States Con
sul at Monterey. This enabled him to
take part in tne making of history. The
communications forwarded by Consul Lar
kin to the Department of State, then pre
sided over by James Buchanan, who sub
sequently became President of the United
States, were penned by Mr. Swasey. These
communications informed the administra
tion concerning the state of affairs and the
happenings in California, supplying the
basis for action.
Captain Swasey and W. P. Toler of
Oakland are supposed to be the only sur
vivors ot the official party who were
gathered at Monterey when Commodore
hloat's proclamation was read and the
American flag was raised. The following
account of what took place is thus told by
Mr. Swasey, the narrative embracing also
the happenings immediately preceding
the flag-raising :
"Rumors were rife of the intention of
the leading Californians to throw off the
yoke of the Mexican Government and
seek protection under the flag of some
foreign power. The dominant sentiment
among the Californians was strongly in
favor of the English Government. In the
tatter part of March or early in April,
1846, a junta, composed of the leading
Californians and citizens of alien birth,
met at the house of Mr. Larkin. Among
those attending that meeting I recall the
names of General M. G. Vallejo, Don
Pablo de la Guerra, General Jose Castro,
Don Jose Abrigo; W. E. P. Hartnell, an
Englishman, and David Spence, a Scotch
man.
"The meeting took place in a room
adjoining one occupied by me, who, being
anxious to know what was going on, lis
tened attentively to their proceedings,
from which I gathered distinctly that the
main subject of their discussion wa9 the
suggestion, or proposition, of throwing off
the trammels of the Mexican Government
and seeking protection of some foreign
flag. Several speeches were made, mostly
in farcr of England, but the meeting
finally wound up with a speech
irade by General Vallejo, the pur
port of which was that when
the time had. arrived when it should
be necessary for the well-being of the Cali
fornians to change their allegiance from
their mother country, he would be most
earnestly and emphatically in favor of ap
pealing to the United States, or, as he fre
quently termed it in his speech, 'La Grand
Republica del Norte,' upon which the
meeting broke up or adjourned without
taking definite action.
"In tne afternoon of July 2, 1846, Com
modore Sloat, on board the frigate Savan
nah, entered the bay of Monterey. The
sloops of war Levant »nd Cyane had been
lying there at anchor some days. The ar
rival of Commodore Sloat created a sen
sation among the Americans, ne being
flap officer of the Pacific squadron. Vague
and mysterious whisperings of trouble in
Mexico had already been circulating and
it was hoped that he was in possession of
such knowledge as would justify him in
taking decided action, especially in view
of the fact that the anti- American feeling
among the prominent Californians and
the French, including their Consul, was
acrimonious and bitter. The expected ar
rival of a large English man-of-war also
rendered the situation for the Americans
one of anxiety.
"I regard this as the most critical period
in the turning point of California's his
tory. Had Sir George Seymour arrived
before our flag was raised and entered a
protest similar to that of the French Con
sul, i Bcked, as it would have been, by the
Collingwood, a line-of-battle ship equal
in force to that of our whale squadron then
present, I venture the assertion that our
flag would not have been raised by Com
modore Sioat. It is upon record that the
English Admiral said to Commodore Sloat
on receiving him: 'Sloat, if your flag was
not flying on shore I would have hoisted
mine there.'
"The morning of Tuesday, July 7, 1846,
dawned most auspiciously. The sky
was without a cloud and the bay without
a rippie. The sun shone serenely, and all
nature seemed to have donned her love
liest garb to welcome in an event that
would be fraught with consequence of
scarcely less importance than any that
have occurred in the history of our
country during the present century.
"About 7 a. m. Captain Mervine came on
shore to make a peremptory demand for
t c surrender of the town. By 9 most of
the inhabitants of the village had gath
ered near the custom-house, watching the
boats assembled about the ships leaded
with men and arms. When the order
%va- triven and they advanced to the shore,
preserving perfect alignment, it was a
magnificent sight that no American preß
ent will ever forget.
"On landing the marines immediately
surrounded the custom-house and flag
staff. Midshipman W. P. ToJer was the
officer selected to hoist the flag. As the
jriorious flag gracefully rose and the gentle
breeze revealed its lustrous stars and
luminous stripes, amid the booming of
cannon and strains of martial music 1
turned to look into the faces of my Ameri
can friends and found their eyes were as
dim as my own."
Captain Swasey, after an adventurous
career as trader, merchant, hunter and
trapper, arrived in California, overland,
at Sinters Fort, September 23 1545. He
remained for a time in a clerical position
a' the fort and then came to San Fran
cisco (then Yerba Buena), and here ne
met Captain Fremont, who was on his
way to Monterey to obtain permission
from General Castro to take his whole
party to Monterey, to obtain supplies and
clothing. Early in March Captain
Swasey, having obtained an appointment
as consular secretary to Consul Larkin,
started for Monterey. Arriving at San
Jose, he was selected, at a meeting of
Americans, to go as a courier to Fremont,
news having been received that the latter
was surrounded by Mexicans at Gavilan
Peak.
Before he reached Fremont Captain
Swasey was taken before General Castro
The Last Relic of the Old-Time Armament at Monterey.
and presented his letter to Consul Larkin
to show that he was going only to Monte
rey to act as consuiar secretary, and that
Julius Martin, who accompanied him, was
pointing out the way. He finally reached
Fremont's camp, the fires of which were
still smoldering. Fremont had gone
Captain W. F. Swasey.
some hours earlier. Captain Swasey con
tinued to Monterey and assumed the duties
of consular secretary. Later he became
assistant commissary on Fremont's staff.
He is the only surviving officer of that staff.
He was the first Marshal of the Territory
of California. He was successively secre
retary of the Town Council of San Fran
cisco in 1847, member of the San Francisco
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
RAISING THE STARS AND STRIPES AT MONTEREY ON JULY 7, 1846.
District Legislature in 1849 and one of the
first notaries appointed under the State
government. He entered the military
service of the United States in August,
18G1, as regimental quartermaster of the
Second California Infantry, and in Novem
ber, 1862, was promoted by President Lin
coln to be captain and assistant quarter
master, United Btates Volunteers. Ho
served until 1866, when he was honorably
mustered out of the service.
(Sfyastl.y Ruins on
Woman's Island.
A little way north of Cozumel and about
five miles from the coast of Yucatan is
Isla de Mujeres (Woman s Island), a tiny
spec* in the Caribbean Sea, only Bix mileß
long by half as wide. But I will venture
to assert that more astonishing things are
crowded upon it, suggestions of strange,
doings in far-away centuries, than can be
found in any other place of equal size.
Cortez's soldiers named it Womans
Island because in the four great temples
which they found here all the idols repre
sented colossal female figures, writes
Fannie B. Ward in the Chicago Inter-
Ocean. Charney and Stephens and Le
Plongeon and Ober have written all about
it, so I will not add my poor mite to their
extended researches. We turned our
camera upon the remarkable ruins at the
northern end and picked up a few broken
bits of idols, which will be cherished as
sacredly as by their ancient worshipers.
Near the shore were immense flocks of
sea birds on the piles of a turtle inclosnre
and overhead hovered a cloud of white
ibises. All along the beach were strewn
the rotting carcasses of turtles, covered
with swarms of flies and actually heaving
with corruption.
Another excursion led us inland from
Merida to the village of Tixkokob. The
town does not amount to much, but it has
a fine old church, back of which is the
quaintest cemetery I have ever seen. All
around its outer walls rows of skulls are
ranged; skulls grin along the arras of
every cross, with which the interior is
tliickly set, and several huge vases are
piled high with the same ghastly relics.
In the middle is a promiscuous heap of
human bones several feet deep. Inside
the walls, dangling by cords fastened to
the top, are baskets and boxes and bundles,
each containing a skeleton, appropriately
labeled. Everywhere are fragments of
shrouds, shoes that have dropped from
fleshless feet, arm?, legs, and trunks to
which dried flesh still adheres, and scores
of skulls with hair clinging to them— some
the long beautiful tresses of women.
The old Spanish barracks at Monterey, opposite the Custom
house, WHERE THE FLAG WAS RAISED.
Inside the church horrors do not cease.
The floor is t* .series of trapdoors, each door
covering a vault filled to trie brim with
former citizens of Tixkokob. Near the
-altar is a glass case, in which repose the
bones of a lady, bright and clean as
though newly polished. The arms and
legs are laid at the bottom, the ribs dis-
I posed neatly in their natural order, the
skull set exactly in the middle. She was
the wife of a former alcalde, and we were
told that the good husband arranged and
; polished her bones himself, and during
I his lifetime seemed to derive much pleas
ure from paying her remains these melan
i choly attentions. In the choir of this
j church and on all of the window ledges
are more skulls, each labeled on the fore
head, and some of them bearing startling
l inscriptions.
Interior of Carmel Mission, as It Appeared a Quarter of a Century Ago, When the
Natives Still Came There to Pray and Meditate.
. Wt},y Some Jlnimals Lap.
The reason that certain animals lap in
stead of drink seems to be an arrangement
of nature to prevent carnivorous animals,
whose stomachs are comparatively small,
from over : distending themselves with
water. Most of the animals tfiat suck when
drinking are herbivorous and nave large
stomachs, or more than one, with a paunch
or receptacle for unchewed food, and with
them digestion is a slow process and there
is little if any danger of overdistension,
although such a thing is not unknown
with some domestic herbivorous animals.
Digestion is a much more rapid process
with the carnivora, and it is important
that it should not be delayed by the inges
tion of large quantities of cold water. By
lapping the mouth and throat are thor
oughly moistened, while the water is sup
plied to the stomach in small quantities,
properly warmed and mixed with saliva.
It may be fairly assumed that the carni-
Exterior view of Carmel Mis
sion, AS IT APPEARED TWENTY
FIVE YEARS AGO.
vora are of more recent creation, for the
herbivorous animals are their food, and
that therefore lapping may be considered
a more highly developed way of drinking
than sucking. — Pittsburg Dispatch.
A PROTESTANT
MISSIONARY
JW. S. H. Willey Was
the First Or\e to
Lar\d
T.HE GUEST OF GOVERNOR
BEJMETT RILEY
He Had to J^ake ji\s OWn Jables
and Ghairs as J^ere
Was No One to
Labor
The first American missionary to set
foot in Monterey was Rev. S. H. Willey,
who, for the past seven years, has been
president of the Van Ness Seminary in
this City. The first steamship that ever
came up the coast, the California, landed
him in what was then the capital of the
Territory on February 23, 1849. The first
Protestant services in Monterey were held
in a parlor of the house occupied by Gov
ernor Bennett Riley, and subsequently
services were held in the Governor's busi
ness office.
"Monterey," said the venerable clergy
man, "was a city which im Dressed me with
its distinctively Mexican character. I
found the people very cordial, and, al
though I was a stranger to the. Spanish,
tongue when I arrived, I got along admir
ably well. The fact is that Monterey's
population, early in 1849, was composed
chiefly of women and children. The rea
son for this state of affairs was that every
man who could buy, beg or borrow a mule
| had gone to the mines, for the gold excite
ment was then at its height. There was
not a man in Monterey to do any labor,
and, as there was no furniture for sale in
town, I was in a curious predicament.
However, by chance I discovered in Col
ton's Hall a kit of tools that had been left
behind by 'their owner, who was on the
road to the goldrields. With the tools I
■ made a table and a bench and a couple o!
i stools, and thus furnished up a room at
small expense.
"I nad the honor to be the chaplain of
the first State constitutional convention
of California, which met in Colton's Hall,
Monterey, September 1, 1849. During my
j first six months in Monterey I preached
; to the soldiers on Sunday and taught
I school during the week. I gathered about
| sixty children around me in Colton's Hall
I and taught them how to speak English.
j This was not a simple task, by any means,
I for I knew not a word of Spanish and my
| pupils coula not speak a syllable of Eng
'■ lish. I used a blackboard, however, and
conveyed my meaning largely by illustra
tion. In the parade at the approaching
I celebration of the flag-raising anniversary
in Monterey the marshal, I understand,
will be a Mr. Leese. He was a little pupil
of mine in 1849 and well do I remember
how I taught him to speak English."
Rev. Mr. Willey has arrived at the good
old age of 74. He is a native of New
Hampshire, a graduate of Dartmouth Col
lege, the alma mater of Daniel Webster,
and came on his Western mission fresh
from the Union Theological Seminary in
New York. His name is indelibly associ
ated, it should be added, with the found
ing of our own University of California.
"I am as proud of California as if she
were a child of mine," said Mr. Willey,
smiling. "I have watched her grow from,
her infancy, from seed to fruit. In 1849, a
pupil of my school brought me an apple
from the Mission. It was such a rare
thing that I prized the gift 'and carried it
home with me. It was so good to look at
that I couldn't bear to eat it. To-day the
whole land is rich with fruitage."
The Rev. Mr. Willey carries a wealth of
California history under his frosty locks.
He is honored and respected far and wide.
1920
SOCIETY MEETS
AT THE RESORTS,
The Ultra-Fashionable Sea
son Is Now at Its
Very Height.
The Glorious Fourth Has Been
Everywhere Joyfully
Observed.
Entertaining Reports From the Moun
tains, the Seaside, the Lakes
and the Springs.
The summer season is now at its very height.
Anybody who has any intention whatsoever
of enjoying a summer outing has planned to
spend the National holiday at one of the fash
ionab'.e resorts.
As for mine host, the landlord of the fashion
able inn, he has exerted himself to the utmost
to fittingly celebrate the glorious Fourth. At
each and every one of the resorts yesterday
there was a display of fireworks and a "grand
hop."
Those who have country homes had large
house parties. Tuesday being also a legal
holiday, there will be everywhere one con
tinuous celebration lasting until Wednesday.
Below will be found a resume of the where
abouts oi our society people:
Miss Louisa Breeze, William Breeze and
Thomas Breeze are visiting the Misses Hooper
»t their lovely home near St. Helena.
Fred Webster is expected in New York
shortly on his return from his European tour.
He will spend some time with friends in Mass
achusetts and be tne guest of J. Parker Whit
ney at his lovely place at Andover, Maine, be
fore his return home.
Major Darling, Miss Jennie Catherwood and
Mibs Kiia Hastings have been spending a few
days at Madrone Villa, Napa. On Monday
Major Darling, Miss Catherwood and Miss Mar
jorie Young will go down to Del Monte for the
lete.
Mrs. Tucker is spending the summer months
with her mother, Mrs. Bourne, at her place at
Si. Helena.
Miss Bernie Drown and Miss Ethel Cohen
are visiting Miss Frances Curry, in San Rafael.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Alston Williams are at the
Sea Beach Hotel, in banta Cruz.
The Misses Jean und Florence Hush of Fruit
vale are passing the holidays in "ian Rafael.
Mrs. Albert Dibblee and Miss Dibblee of Ross
Valley sailed from New York last Wednesday
for Europe, and will be away several months.
Mrs. William Alyord has been visiting Mrs.
James M. Keeney in Sauta Cruz during the
past week.
Miss Fanny Loughborough is visiting friends
in San Raiael.
Judge E. W. McKinstry and Miss Laura Mc-
Kinstry are at a health resort in Lake County.
John Perry Jr., Mrs. John L. Seward and
Miss Kimber have gone to Castle Crag for the
summer.
Mr. B. C. Pardee is expected to return from
the East soon, and will pass the remainder of
the summer iv San Raiael.
Mrs. \T. R. Cluness and the Misses Cluness
left iast Monday for Redwood City, where they
will pass the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. Homer S. King and the Misses
King are at Castle Crag lor the season.
Mr. and Mrs. John Barton and Miss Grace
Barton are at Castle Crag.
Mrs. John Stafford returned to Fort D. A.
Russeli. Wyo., last Tuesday after passing sev
eral weeks here with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.
C. V. B, Gibbs.
Mrs. A. Page Brown and family are passing
the season ai Santa Cruz.
Mrs. H. Brrger and Miss Helene Bergerare
i-.i Sau Jose lor the season.
Mr. and Mrs. W. K. Vanderslice and the
Misses Vanderslice are passing the summer in
Sau Jose.
Mr. and Mrs. Rounsevelle W r ildman have
been visiting the Yosemite Valley during the
past iortiiieht.
Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Eells are passing the
Bumm-r in Ross Valley.
Mrs. Eugene CasserJy and Miss Margaret
Casserly «ro passing a few weeks at the Motel
del Moute.
Mrs. Henry Schmeidell is passing the sum
mer in San Rafael.
Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd Tevis are at San Rafael
for the season.
Mr. and Mrs. J. K. R.Nuttall and family are
pa.-sing the season in San Rafael.
Mr. aad Mrs. Robert L. Coleman are at tha>
Hotel del Monte.
Mr. and Mrs. W.S. Wood and Miss Eleanor
Wood have gone to Sau Rafael for the remain
der of the summer.
Mrs. Douglas Dick and family of San Mateo
went to Del Monte last Monday tor a few weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. William Babcock are passing
the summer in their cottage in San Raiael.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry £. Bothin are occupying
the Dibblee cottage in Ross Valley.
Francis J. Carolan has gone East to El
beron, tne country residence of George M.
Pullman, where he will remain several weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank S. Johnson are occupy
ing their cottage in San Rafael. Mrs. Louis
Glass and .Mrs. Johnson are their guests.
Mrs. H. E. Huntington and family are pass
ing a month it Lake Ttthoe.
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Bigelow are passing the
summer in San Rafael at the Dononoe cottage
Mrs. John Boggs and Miss Alice Boggs are
pacing the summer iv Napa Valley.
Mrs. S. L. Bee left last Saturday to visit
Ala.^kn.
W. R. Whittier is in San Rafael. He will
leave for the Hawaiian islands on the steamer
s-al.ing July 11, with Mrs. R. T. Carroll and the
Mi'.-es Carroll, and will be away five weeks.
Mrs. Isaac Hucht and Miss Elsie Hecht passed
the month of June in Berlin and Dresden.
They are now at Carlsbad.
Justice and Mr«. Stephen J. Field are at Paso
Robles, where- they will remain for some time.
Mrs. Leland Stanford is passing the summer
at her home in Palo Alto.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter E. Dean, Miss Dean and
Walter Leonard Dean will pass this month at
the Hotel del Monte.
Miss Ella Goodall of Oakland has returned
from a vitit to friends in Portland, Or.
Mr. and Mrs. William It Gwin and Miss Mary
Bell Gwin left last Wednesday 10 pass the sea
son at Castle Crag.
Captain and Mrs. J. J. Brice and Mr. and Mrs.
F. W. Tallant are at Castle Crag for the season.
Mr. and Mrs. C L. Maynard are at Castle
Crag, where they will remain several weeks.
Mr. aud Mrs. Charles E. Green are passing
the season in San Raiael and nave the Crowlev
cottage. Miss Kila Adams is visiting them. *
Mrs. William Burling and Miss Mamie Bur
ling are passing the season at Coronado ßeach
Mr. and Mrs. Gordon Blanding and Miss
Susie Blanding are occupying the Bradford
cottage in ban Raiael.
Mr. aud Mrs. Joseph L. Moody will soon go
to Lake Tahoe for a month's outing.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry P. Sonntag are passing
the season in their cottage at San RafaeL
Mr. and Mrs. C. de Guigne and family, of San
Mateo, have been at Deer Park, near Lake
Tahoe, during the past fortnight.
Mrs. Alexander Forbes and Miss Forbes are
occupy. :;g the Berry cottage in San Rafael.
Mr. ami Mrs. J. W. Boyd are passing the sum
mer on their ranch near Danville, in Contra
Costa County.
Miss Alice M. Oxnard and Miss Marie D. Ox
nard of this Cay, who have been visiting
Europe for several months, arrived in New
York City on June 26.
Miss Laura Bates is visiting at the Hotel del
Monte for a few weeks.
Mr. ana Mrs. Wakefield Baker left for Castle
Crag last Saturday.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Magee went to Castle
Crag last Saturday for an outing.
Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Bruguiere and family are
c laying at the Hotel del Monte.
Chanes F. Ratto, the well-known stock
broker and Native Son, has left the City for a
trip throuirh the Northwest.
J. J. Groom and family have taken La Paloma
cottage at Glen Ellen for the summer Tha
Misses Matel and Sophie Green are their
guest*.
Captain and Mrs. H. M. Gregory, accompanied
by tneir niece, Miss Alice Halberstadt, axe
spending the summer at Aqua calientc Springs
Mr. aud Mrs. E. B. Hoiladay have gone to
the Yosemite to spend a few days.
Miss Marie Butz left July 1 wii& Mrs. Charles
Fore and family for Cazadero.
Mrs. S. F. Xhoru has returned from a trip to
Stockton, where she was the guest of Mrs. A
Bermingham. Mrs. Thorn will leave Monday
for Cragthorn, Santa Cruz Mountains, for the
summer.
Robert Eckier Jr., Miss Eckler and Miss Ethel
H. Martin sailed last Friday for a pleasure trip
to Victoria, B. C.
Mrs. M, Rocca aud her daughter, Miss Lillian
Rocca, will occupy their cotuge at San An
selaio during the month of July.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Lauge and their
daughter, Miss Agnes, go to Del Monte for the
month of July.
Mark strouse aud family are canping at
Larkspur.
Miss Ethel Clement, daughter of L. H. Cle
ment, has finished her first year's work
in the studios ot MM. Tony Robert Fleury
and Le Febre in Paris , and has received flat
tering commendation from both artists. With
her mother she leaves this month for a trip
through Switserland, taking a well-earned rest
before beginning her summer work in Brit-
Mrs. M. O'Brien and her daughter, Miss
Charlotte O'Brien, of this City, accompanied
by Miss Annie Whitley of Berkeley, left Friday
morning on a camping tour in the Yosemite
Valley for a period of three weeks. They will
be accompanied by Mr. and Mrs. H. K. Huls of
Snellintt.
Miss Emma Marisch has gone to Watsonville
to spend the Fourth holidays.
Miss Kvangeline Nixon of Santa Barbara is
visiting at the Berkshire with Mrs. Allen,
formerly Miss Ila Lane, daughter of Charles
Lane, one of the owners of the great Utica
mine at Angels Camp.
?ir. and Mrs. John I. Sabin returned Monday
from Liberty Hall, their country place near
Mountain View. On Friday Mr. Sabin, the
Misses Sabin and Miss Alice Cowen, who has
been visiting Dr. and Mrs. Cochran of Los An
geles, will start for Chicago on their way to
Europe.
Mrs. M. Fabian has gone to Chicago to meet
her son. S. Monroe Fabian.
Mrs. Caroline Miller will leave this morning
for Martinez, accompanied by her grandson.
Master Milton Miller VVeinshenk. She will be
absent two weeks.
Miss Edna O'Brien of this City spent Sunday
with Mrs. W. B. Harrison of Stockton.
Mrs. E. L. Horton of San Francisco has re
turned home after a month's visit to her sister,
Mrs. A. I). Harrison of Stockton.
Miss Nelson of Sacramento was visiting in
Stockton last week.
Miss Nellie Harrison of Sacramento and Miss
Clara Conaway of Oakland were the guests of
Mrs. W. B. Harrison of Stockton last week.
At the Vendome.
The past week at this favorite resort was one
of continual pleasure— arrivals numerous, de
partures few— consequently it is not surprising
that the management looks forward with the
utmost pleasure to a gay season. Driving
parties, cycling and tennis predominate as
out-of-doors pastimes. Card parties are of fre
quent occurrence. The rotunda is crowded
nightly to listen to Lowinsky's celebrated or
chestra, while the music hall receives its share
of patronage by the many who trip the light
fantastic to the strains of the Vendome or
chestra.
Dr. and Mrs. Voorsanger have returned to
San Francisco after a Jew weeks' visit at the
Vendome.
Co.onel H. Bendel of Oakland has taken
apartments at the S'endome for the summer \
season.
Mrs. George E. Perkins has returned home !
after a short visit at this charming resort. It
is the intention of Mrs. Perkins and family to
spend a portion of the summer here.
Henry Miller registered from San Francisco
during the week.
Joseph P. Kelly of San Francisco, accom
panied by ex-Judge Walter H. Levy, stopped I
over a few days on their way to Santa Cruz, j
and were visitors at the Vendome.
Lieutenant-Governor Jeter of Santa Cruz
was among the notables at the Vendome dur
ing the week.
Bit. M. D. Taaffe of San Francisco, accompa
nied by Miss Stinson, is pleasantly domiciled
at the Vendome.
W. J. Dv Buehl and family of San Francisco
are among the latest arrivals for the summer
months.
T. B. Pierce of Boston was the guest of his
brother, Dr. R. E. Pierce, during the week.
Colonel F. S. Chadbourne of San Francisco,
accompanied by Major R. P. Hammond, spent
a few days in the Garden City and were domi
ciled at the Vendome.
George M. Reynolds and wife of San Fran
cisco were guests at the Vendome the early
part of the week. ,
I>. M. Delmas of San Francisco registered the
early part of the week.
I>r. A. N. Lewis aud wife. Masters A. and C.
Lewis, J. C. Ha.l and wife, Miss Carrie E. Wig
gins and Miss Grace Little, all of San Fran
cisco, who are domiciled at Los Gatos, drove
from the "Gem City" and formed a pleasant
luncheon party at the Vendome.
C Roghe of Hongkong registered during the
week.
Otto Bendix and wife have arrived from San
Francisco fornhe summer season.
Mrs. H. R. Williar of San Francisco, accom
panied by Miss T. Williar and Master H. WIN
liar, have taken rooms for the summer months
with Manager Snell.
Mrs. S. B. Tobey of San Francisco, accom
panied by Mrs. James Jerome of San Francisco
and Miss A. Hill, maid and child of Stockton,
are at the Vendome for the summer.
At Highland Springs.
The following is a list of guests at Highland
Springs: 11. R. Mann and family, David R.
Rea and wife, L. H. Van Wyck and family,
Mrs. C. S. Boyd, Mrs. Geo. E. Ames and family.
Judge S. C. Denson and family, San Francisco ;
A. Rudgear and family, Oakland, Cal.; Chris
Girvan, Oakland, Cal.; John G. JEdmondson
and family, San Francisco; A. U. Mau, Oak
land, Cal.; W. F. Hopkins, Oakland, Cal. ; Mrs.
E. T. Savage and family, San Francisco;
Mrs. F. Schlund, Miss Lillian Schlund, Oak
land, Cal. ; E. B. Strong, San Rafael; Mrs. A.
J. Donzell, James F. Cunningham, P. H. Far
rell, San Francisco; .Mrs. Henry Schwarz.
South Oakland; H. L. Paddock, W. H.
Hammer, Mrs. a. C. Weber, Mrs. W.
L. Locke and family, Mrs. C. H.
Huffman and family, San Francisco;
Dr. C. T. Rodolph and wife, Mrs. T. L. Merrill,
Mrs. D- H. Matties, Miss Mollie Mathes, Oak
land; F. E. Eaton, CU-ment Bennett and fam- i
iiy, Mrs. F. D. Mouckton, Miss A. C. Herndon, !
Miss Mollie Hind. Mrs. Ira J. HaTmoc and fam- ;
I ily, E. M. Knust, Mrs. Anna Osborn and
daughter. M. E. Hopps, San Francisco; I
W. Nichelmann, Lorin, Cal. ; J. H. Mallett Jr., j
San Francisco; J. K.Dollison and wife, Eureka, '
Cal.; Mrs. M. Rels, Miss Reis, Mr. and Mrs. J. !
Sonntag, San Francisco; Hon. F. M. |
Angelotti, San Rafael; W. M. Alexan- I
der, C. H. Cooke, Oakland, Cal.; Mrs. ;
M. Miller, Miss E. Booth, Miss L. Booth, !
San Francisco; A. Towle, Oakland, Cal.; '
Miss Ethel Harrison. Miss Elsie Harrison, Mrs.
W. Greer Harrison, Miss L. M. Ames, H. Wolf
and wi'e, Theo Blauckenburg and wife, Alma !
K. Hyer, John B. Caroon ar.d family, San I
Francisco; George Ferguson, Blue Lakes; T. L.
Merrill, George H. Wheaton, Oakland, Cal.; i
J, Harris, G. W. Beaver, Miss A. G.
Nelson, Miss Garratt, San Francisco;
Mrs. E. W. Marston, Oakland, Cal.; John C. j
Ingalls, Healdsburg. Cal.; Miss Ida Rick- ;
man. Healdsburg, Cal.; Walter H. Lin
forth. Misses Marion, Margaret and Erne- \
line Ronerts, Mits Camilla McDermott, I
Mrs. R. A. Root, Miss Kelley, San Francisco;
Miss E. H. Stokes, Oakland; Mrs
E. C. Laugenour, Miss Bertha Hus
ton, Woodland; Brick Kuhn, San Fran
cisco: Major David Clopton, Alabama;
M. J. Ealfe and wife, Oakland; Mrs. C. Miller,
Miss Lole Miller, Nevada City; Howard C.
Holmes and wife, Mrs. D. Cutter, Mrs. E. A
Mcßryde, Mrs. F. H. Lewis «nd son, E. A. Bel
den and wife, Mrs. S. E. Slade and ciiil
dren, Mrs. W. T. Wheatley nnd children,
Dr -,3 E-~E -~ A - Chapellc, Sau Francisco;
Holden Davis, Cincinnati; Miss Minnie Dan
iels, Effingham, 111. ; Mr. and Mrs. Robert Eliot,
Chicago; Miss Mattie Fisher, Woodland; the
Misses Temple, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs.
Lenhardt and daughter, Oakland; Miss Ottil
lie Lenhardt, San Francisco.
At Saratoga Springs.
The list of arrivals at Saratoga Springs: J.
D. Burke, H. W. Merritt and wife, W. T. Whit
ton, E. S. Martin, Mrs. C. J. Jones, Miss M.
Daniels, Mrs. H. O. Weidero, A. D. Himmel
mann, L. P. Vann, G. Woodrover, H. H. Elliott,
A. Mann, C. F. Manvedel and daughter, Mrs.
\\ . T. Whitton, Miss Bertie Whitton. E. Lehn
hardt, Mrs. E. Lehnhardt, Miss O. Lehnhardt
Miss Edna Lehnnardt, Miss L. Ricard
Mrs.J. Marten, Frank Marten. C. O'Connor'
W. P. Kirby, VV. J. Knox, T. C. O'Connor, Miss
N. Lynch, Miss Goggin, James Donohue, Oilie i
Tallant. Mrs. J. D. Tallant, Miss Pearl Land-n, '
Mrs. \\. Friedman and family, W. H. Miller, I
Miss A. Sawyer, Miss H. W. Lukrus, Miss B I
Palmer, Miss E. Selby, W. Hirsch, E. Lucking
E. J. Barrett, F. J. Dewey and wife, E. C. Wood- I
ruff, A. Fowicr, D. C. Campbell, H. A. Smith
and family, Mrs. B. Twiggs, Miss L. Bobinson,
Miss L. Barnett, Miss R. E. Voight
Mrs. G. C. Phinney and son, E. F. Sweeney,
C. G. Hooker, C. H. Tomley, Mrs. E, McFadden,
H. Mohn and family, Henry Esbere, Julias
Calm, W. P. Bradl>-, tf\ H. Lyons, B. F. Tucker
and wife, Miss W. E. Elliott, Miss J. w. Elliott,
Miss Hattie Powell, Mrs. H. C. Boyd.
At Gilroy Hot Springs.
The list of late arrivals at Gilroy Hot Springs
includes: Mr. Seymour, G. Hartmann, H. J.
Westing, Aug. Onion, G°orge K. Reed, San
Francisco; F. E. Rodgers, Miss Mary Rodgers,
E. F. Wilcox, San Jose; Allen Syl
vester, Mount Shasta; W. Talcott. Gilroy:
A. J. Finnell, Paiaro; Mrs. C. Dunne, Ban Jose;
Mr. and Mrs. P. J. Dunne, San Jose; MUs Mur
phy, San Jose; Miss Dunne, San Jose; W
Husey, San Jose; William H. Kruse. San Fran
cisco; Miss Henna Ladd, Gilroy; Miss Anna
Dyer, Gilroy; James W. Fahey, San Francisco;
George E. Rea, Gilroy; H. Greene, Oakland-
Robert McMichael. C. A. McVrey, Charles E*
IlHndy, Henry Sturkin and family, Mr. and
Mrs. J. F. Nolan, Arthur H. Bteele, J E
Kenny, San Francisco.
At the El Monte.
The guests at El Monte Hotel, Sausaliio, are:
J. Danzigerand family, A. Mack and wife, Mrs.
I. Cross, C. W. Fisher, Mrs. Glidden, Captain P.
H. Hick, Mrs. Killing, Professor Ferguson,
John Haynes and wife, Sam M. Samter. H W
Helms and wife, Jameb J. O'Connor, Major
Charles fatantey. Herman A. Den hard, Sam F.
■orris, Miss K. CalUhan, Mrs. D. Roberts and
family
The Fourth of July was celebrated at the
El Monte Hotel by a social dance, given by
Mr. and Mrs. J. E. 81inkey to their guest*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
STILL MERRILY
RING THE BELLS.
July Bridals and Elaborate
Wedding Recep
tions.
Nuptials of Miss Lena Schell
and Wilson Underhill
of Fresno.
Wedding of Miss Elsie L. Cook and
Henry Levy— Fautz-Cavagnaro
Marriage.
Pink and white were the prevailing hues of
the decorations of the Schell residence, on the
corner of Twenty-first and Bartlett ttreete,
Wednesday evening, when Miss Lena A. Schell,
the beautiful nnd accomplished daughter of
Judge George W. Schell, the attorney, was
married to Wilson Underhill, a wealthy young
raigin-grower of Fresno.
The large parlors were handsomely decorated
with ferns, smilax and pink roses, and at 5
o'clock the Rev. Dr. Dille of the Central M. E.
Church stood in the bay-window awaiting the
approach of the bridal party.
To the music of the "Lohengrin" wedding
march the party entered the parlors, the bride,
escorted by her father and accompanied by
Miss Eva Enslin of Modesto as maid of honor
and Miss Edna Leunelof tnis City and Misa
Arabella Hewel of Modesto as bridesmaids.
Frederick. W. Schell, the bride's brother, of
ficiated as best man.
The bride looked most attractive in a Marie
Antoinette gown, walking length. The cor
sage was high and trimmed with chiffon and
Strauss buttons. The large white Leghorn hat
was trimmed with pink roses and white and
lavender violets. Her bouquet was of lilies of
the valley.
The attendants of the bride all wore white
organdie gowns over white silk, and their
white Leghorn hats were trimmed with flow.:
d rofessor and Mrs. Louis Theodore Hengstler, Whose Marriage
Was One of the Social Events of the Week.
ers. They all carried bouquets of pink sweet
peas.
Congratulations followed the ceremony and
then the guests spent an hour in inspecting
the many beautiful gifts.
Mr. and Mrs. Underhill will spend the next
two months on a wedding tour to the different
places of interest in the South and will then
occupy their new home in Fresno. A trip to
New lork and Europe will be taken later in
the year.
A brilliant wedding Wednesday night was
that of Miss Elsie L. Cook, daughter of Mrs.
Lizzie A. Cook, and Henry Levy, a wholesale
cattle-dealer, which took place at 6 o'clock at
the residence of the bride's sister, Mrs. M.
Blaskower, 2111 Jackson street. About 100
guests were present at the ceremony, which
was performed by the Rev. Dr. Voorsanger.
The entire residence was Deautifully dec
orated with natural flowers. The adornments
included hundreds of green toy balloons ar
tistically arranged in the flowers and among
the bric-a-brac.
The bride was assisted at the ceremony by
Miss Bertha Sachs as maid of honor, and I.
Levy officiated as best man. H. L. Cook, the
bride's brother, escorted ncr to the canopy,
where Dr. Voorsanger stood.
The gown of the bride was a white duchesse
satin, full godet skirt. The corsage was high,
with open work of applique lace. The sleeves
were long and no gloves were worn, nor was
there any jewelry during the wedding, but,
after the ceremony, the bride attached to her
hair a handsome diamond cluster, the sift of
the groom. She also carried a point-lace fan,
the handle studded with diamonds, and a bou
quet ot lilies of the valley tied with streamers
of broad while satin ribbon.
The maid ot honor was attired in a heavy
white satin trimmed with white mousaeline
de sole.
Mrs. Blaskower, the bride's sister, was
gowned in a white satin godet skirt with pink
waist and pink crepe duchesse lace trimmings.
Mrs. L Levy, sister-in-law of the bridegroom,
wore a white brocaded satin trimmed with
lace.
Mrs. A. Cook, the mother of the bride, word
a black moire silk with point lace trimmings
and diamond ornaments.
During the ceremony the orchestra stationed
in the hall rendered "Oh, Promise Me" and
"Call Me Thine Own." and at the conclusion
Mendelssohn's march.
An elaborate supper followed. Tha bride's
table was decorated with broad pink ribbons,
and in the center was a bird's nest with two
white doves nestling in a bunch of asparagus
ferns.
The gifts were particularly numerous, ele
gant and appropriate, including diamonds,
silverware, French furniture and bronzes.
After the supper dancing was indulged In.
Mr. and Mrs. Levy will leave on an ex
tended wedding tour, and at its conclusion
will reside at 2219 Pacific avenue.
Very quiet but very impressive was the
ceremony that united Miss Emma C. Fautz,
youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William
Fautz, to August A. Cavagnaro, at hign noon,
at the residence of the bride's parents, 2217
Taylor street.
The elaborate nuptial ceremony which their
many friends had anticipated was supplanted
by a quiet home wedding, in accordance with
the wishes of those most interested.
None but immediate relatives of the bride
and groom were present.
The rooms were prettily decorated. A bridal
bower was erected in the bay-window of the
front parlor and arranged in excellent taste.
Rev. Father Y. Byrne oi the St. Mary's Ca
thedral, who is a friend of the groom, per
formed the ceremony. Miss Minna Fautz. the
bride's sister, was maid of honor, and Charles
Cavagnaro, brother of the groom, officiated as
be*t man.
The bride, who is a pretty blonde and highly
accomplisned, looked charming in her travel
ing gown of green and white cloth.
The groom is a popular young druggist of
this City.
After the ceremony congratulations were
offered and the newly wedded pair led the way
to the dining-room, where an elaborate wed
ding breakfast was served.
Mr. and Mrs. Cavagnaro left with the after
noon train for Del Monte and upon their re
turn will reside at their residence on Tavlor
street.
Miss Eleanor Miller, daughter of Dr. and
Mrs. P. B. M. Miller, and Lester Herrick of
Oakland were married on Wednesday evening,
June 24, at the residence of the bride's par
ents 1301 Columbia street, Seattle.
The ceremony was celebrated at 8 o'clock,,
the Rev. Hobart Chetwood, formerly rector of
St. Paul's, Oakland, officiating. Miss Olive
Miller, a sister of the bride, officiated as brides
maid, and Gilbert Smith was best man. Mr j
and Mrs. Herrick will make an extended tour
about the Sound and British Columbia and
then will come to this City, where they will
permanently reside.
A pretty and interesting wedding was that of
J. O. Heisch, who occupies a responsible posi
tion with the Southern Pacific Company at
Sacramento, and Miss Lizeie I. Quinlan of this
lity, celebrated on June 28 at St. Joseph's
Church, Rev. Father Collins officiating. Miss
Josephine B. Quinlan, sister of the bride,
officiated as bridesmaid, and E. J. Heisch,
brother of the groom, was best man.
The bride's toilet was of silver sprayed Dres
den silk set oft by white silk and lace. She
carried a bouquet of white bridal roses. The
bridesmaid wore a dress of pale tan and her
bouquet was of choicest La France roses. As
sembled at the residence of the bride's parents,
482 Eighth street, were many friends of the
popular couple and, after enjoying a delicate
repast, the all too short hours were spent in
dance and song. A large and choice display
of gifts gave evidence of the high esteem felt
for the happy pair, a case of rich silver knives,
forks and spoons from the bride's parents, a
dinner-set of rare china, presented by the
groom's mother, handsome paintings, cut
glass, silverware and cutlery being prominent
among the many handsome gifts. Mr. and Mrs.
Heisch left fox a tour to the south. The fol
lowing were among the guests: Mrs. R. Heisch,
Miss Heisch, E. J. Heisch, Mrs. E. A. Seley,
Miss Hughes, Miss Margaret Hughes, Miss
Hicks and James H. Hicks, all of Sacramento;
Miss Herbert of Hollister; Mr. and Mrs. Daniel
V. Quinlan, Miss Josephine B. Quinlan. Mr. and
Mrs. 5. Rademacher, Miss Tranor, Miss Mac
Quinlan, Miss Birdie Tranor. Miss Grace Seley,
J. r. Renault, W. Haslett, D. J. Quinlan.
At Bartlett Springs.
Among the many recent arrivals at Bartlett
Springs are E. L. Krepp, wife and daughter, A.
J. Stemler and wife, Thomas E. and W. E.
Dwyer, J. P. Purcell, Jerry Crudon, J. B. Mc-
Grath, T. J. Galligan, T. A. Nunan, Aug Swen-
Bon, Sacramento; J. S. Potter and wife, Sheldon
£P"er. Peter Bchenkel, Mrs. M. Finley, Miss
E in Jey. Miss Jennie Finley, C. J. Marshall, Mrs.
P. X Nolan, Miss L. A. Nolan, Miss Kittie Ar
nold, MUs N. C. Siallman. Charles M. Lynch,
Miss Mat tie Brooks, A. W. Meigs. Cnarl'es P.
Hurley, Miss Kora Sullivan, Miss Cahalin,
Mrs. John L. Couch, Miss Katherine V.
Couch, Mrs. C. H. Wall, G. A. Barn
hart. James Neil, H. W. Ames Jr., J.
Rucksteller, Ben Boas, Miss Minnie Boas, the
Misses Susie and Carrie Haas, Mrs. Robert
Ellon and daughter, the Misses Delia and Ella
Clay burg, San Francisco; Mrs. L. Lorenzand
and daughter, Weaverville; J. H. Daily, t-um
merville; Uriah Wcod, San Jose; Mr. and Mrs.
J. H. White and daughter, Petaluma; Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Fredericks, Virginia, New; Major
Henry M. Benson, San Jose. Colonel and Mrs.
W. R. Farnell, U. S. A., are up for a month's
stay. The recent tennis tournament with
eight entries that lasted two days, was finally
won by Burt A-'ams of Sacramento and John
Pacheco of San Rat ael. swimming lessons are
given free for an hour in the forenoon and an
liour in the afternoon. The depth of water in
the tank, varying as it does from 3 to 9 feet
makes it safe for all.
At Cazadero.
Fourth of July at Cazadero was a fete day
Indeed. Preparations had been made for the
entertainment of a large numner of guests.
A happy evening was realized. There were
the usual fireworks; then a hop, followed by a
banquet.
John S. Howard, director of the North Pacific
Coast Railroad, made a flying visit to his lam
ilv at Cazadero. Edward Coleman, also of the
North Pacific Coast, is at Cazadero with his
family. John Partridge of Hau Francisco is
once again at this popular resort, accompanied
by his brother, H. Partridge, M.D. Among
other arrivals are:
Mrs. Fore, Miss Fore, Miss Pauline Fore, Miss
Genevieve Fore, Mr-. H. M. Bcal.. Miss tfeall,
Mi"s May .'leal l, Charles Bishop, Walter Corder,
Master T. Corder, John Howard, Oakland;
Miss Marian Butz, Miss Margaret Cole, Dr.
Clyde Payne, Frank Harkinson, Misses J. and
M. Leszynsky, Miss Rose Cohen, Mrs. 8. A.
Coleman, Miss Florence Coleman, Miss
Sarah Coleman, San Francisco; Miss Amy
Heywood, Miss Etta Heywood, Berkeley;
MUs Maritta Havens, Miss Jane Rawlings,
Miss Daisy Beall, Oakland ; J. B. Ualstead, Mrs.
Mary Cheever, Miss J. Cheever, V. Pourbois,
wile and son, S.Alexander, Miss Hattie Alex
ander, Miss Rae Alexander. Mrs. J. M. Wilson.
K. J. Wilson, Mrs. A. C. McLean, Miss Belle
Sanders, Mi«s Sarah Boukofsky, Miss Rose
Boukofsky, Mi«s Minnie Dreyfus. San Fran
cisco; M. J. Jarllng, Chicago; J. G. Wetmore,
San Francisco; Louis L. Jones. Mill Valley; A.
Honnigsberger, L. Honnigsberger, James H.
Harold and family, Miss F. M. Edwards, Miss
Kathleen Nunan, Miss L. M. Blake, James
Townnend, San Francisco; D. J. Padiock, Mrs.
n. E. Stewart Santa Rosa; J. H. Dunker and
wife, Mrs. J. E. Musser, Miss Kate Cantrell. San
Francisco; T. W. Corder and wife, Miss Amy
Corder, Oakland; Mrs. R. B. Bane, Fruitvale;
V Thayer Messer Jr., San Francisco; Mrs. J. C.
Lyman, Miss Marian Ly man, Oakland.
At Paraiso Springs.
Charming weather make* it delightful for
the guests at Paraiso Springs. Tne amuse
ments are many and varied. Billiards ana
polo, in which the ladies join, and whist and
euchre parties are oi irequent occurrence,
horseback riding, croquet in the afternoon
and dancing in the pretty little pavilion In the
evening are among the many enjoyments.
The younger folks find great pleasure in riding
the "burros" and splashing in the swimming
tank, while the smaller ones delight in tum
bling over the sand-pilo arranged for their
pleasure.
Among the latest arrivals at Paraiso Sprines
are: MUs E. Chase, Mies L. R. Chase, J. J.
Houston, Miss F. E. Eaton, Mi6s Stella Eaton,
San Francisco; Mrs. L. H. Garrigus, Salinas;
C. T. Romle, Monte Carlo; Joel Hawkins, Hol
lister; L. Brunner and wife, J. S. Levy, San
Fraucisco; Miss. M. Ifervey, Salinas; Judge
Charles A. Low and wife, Miss Ethel Low,
San Francisco; Mr*. W. Craiir and daughter,
Bulina«; John H. Wilson, Miss Prien, San Fran
cisco; h. Bingle, New York: H. Hansen, Henry
P. Dimoud, F. Adelseck, Mrs. Clauss and two
children, San Francisco; Father Reynolds,Sole
dad; Mrs. A. B. Harvey, Salinas; J. M.Shen
gler, San Francisco; J. H. Toft, Soledad; Mrs.
E. H. Long, San Francisco.
At vEtna Springs.
Friday night, the 26th ult., the guests of
.Etna Springs tendered Mr. and Mrs. H. A.
Huss and Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Rum a farewell
reception.
During the evening a musical and literary
programme was rendered to the credit of the
participants.
July is to be a merry month for JEtna. The
programme presented on the night of the
Fourth was an excellent one, consisting of
music, recitations, tableaux and dancing. The
evening preceding was devoted to a social hop.
Following is the programme rendered June
26: Instrumental solo, Miss Marie Keller;
recitation, Grace Whitney; vocal solo, Mrs.
Volkman; original song, Miss Marie Keller;
votal solo, Mrs. Schutz; recitation. Miss Staisy
Burns; vocal solo, J. H. Muuday, original
poem, Mrs. Lemme; chorus, company; vale
dictory, Miss Marie Keller; vocal solo, Mrs.
benutz; "Home, Sweet Home," company.
SURPRISE PARTIES
AGAIN ARE POPULAR,
Birthday and Wedding An
niversaries Are Cel
ebrated.
The McAskill Dance at North
Berkeley on Friday
Evening.
Mr. and Mrs Albert Young Cele
brate Their Fifteenth Anni-
versary.
A very enjoyable surprise party was given to
Mr. and Mrs. McAskill at their residence, 2024
Virginia street, North Berkeley, on Friday
evening. The earlier part of the evening was
devoted to dancing. Later on a bountiful sup
per was served, after which the gue6ts took
part in various amusements until a late
hour. Numerous friends from Berkeley,
Oakland and San Francisco were present,
among whom were Mt. and Mrs.McLennan, the
Misses Tina and Ella McLennan, Mr. and Mrs.
Ray, Mr. and Mrs. Cain, the Misses Annie and
Alice Cain, Mr. and Mrs. Grant, Mr. and Mrs.
Macsorley, Mr. and Mrs. McKay, Mr. and Mrs.
McDonald, Mr. and Mrs. Kearny, Miss Kearny,
Misses Thersia and Mary McDonald, Miss
Maggie McAskill, Miss L. Grant, Miss McKay,
Miss GUM, Mr. Cormick, John Hayes, C. F.
Macsorley, Charles Cain and Harry Benson.
A very enjoyable surprise party was given to
Mi*B Agnes McGrath by her. many friends, at
her residence on Church street, Thursday
eveninir, June 25. Dancing and games were
indulged in until a late hour. Among the
guests were: The Misses Alice and Agnes Mc-
Grath. Miss Nellie Harrington, the Misses Alice
and Mamie Costello, Miss Mamie Hannon, the
Misses Marguerite and Julia Cunningham,
Miss Frances Hurley, the Misses Florence and
Agnes Riordan, Miss Mamie Johnson, the
Misses Alice and Etta Dehay, Thomas Branson,
Ernest Davis, Neil Conway, Thomas Crimmins
James Curly, Ht-nry Whalen, Thomas Dority
Ben Goryl. Bert Miner, James Burns, Edward
and Thomas Fay.
A very pleasant and agreeable surprise party
w*B tendered to Mr. and Mrs. Albert Yunge a"t
their residence, 119 Valley street, the occasion
being the fifteenth anniversary of their wed
ding. The evening was spent in singing,
dancing, games, etc., after which an elaborate
supper was served. The following is a list of
those present: Mr. and M>-!>. Al Yunge,
Mrs. B. Reese. Mr. and Mrs. H. Wulff, Mr. and
Mrs. F. Yunge, Mr. and Mrs. W. Bahr, Mr. ana
Mrs. A. Schmidt, Mr. and Mr*. G. Voigt. Joseph
Kaupert. Mr. and Mrs. D. J. Ellis, Mrs. C.
Becker, Mrs. Borden, Miss Rosie Scnmidt. Miss
Minnie Borden, Miss Lena Bahr, Miss Martha
Voigt, C. 01.-en, H. Becker, H. Borden, P. Ba
lm, M. Yunge, A. Yunge, O. Yunge, F. Yunge,
H. Yunge.
A most delightful surprise party was ten
dered to Mian Amelia Schuck on Friday even
ing, June 26, at the home of her parents on
Rincon Hill. The spacious parlors were artis
tically decorated for the occasion, yellow and
pale green being the prevailing colors. The
young 1-dT was greeted with a shower of sweet
pea biossoms as she entered the room.
To the enjoyment of all Goswin Widder ren
dered a d.fhcult fancy dunce and Fred Widder
caused con-idemble laughter by a laithful im
itation of a rubber doh. Music, singing and
dancing were indulged in until the wee hours
of morn.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. E. Schuck,
Mr. and Mrs. C. Shtefer, Mr. and Mrs. F. Mllier,
Mrs. (oonley, Mrs. Niquet, Mrs. T. M. Blair. P.
Klure; Mesiiames L. Schaefer, M. Colbine, G.
Wemmer, B. M quet, A. Burgund, G. Lallaman,
M.Jachson, M. Brand, A. Schuck; Messrs. G.
Widder Jr., F. Widder, G. Teubner Jr., A.
Frank, C. Koeberer, O. Stappenbeck, H. N'iel
and, G. Bernard, J. Fisher, E. Milier, B. Coon
ley, W. bchutelzk-r, L. Tiaffay, W. Jessen, E.
Schuck.
A .-urp rise party was given to Miss Ida Ar
man by ncr fellow-graduates at the residence
of her parents, 521' i Lombard street, last
Tuesday evening, June 23, in honor of her
graduation from the Business Evening School.
The evening was spent very pleasantly in play
ing games, music and dancing. At midnight
a delicious repast was served, after which the
guests departed. Among the participants
were: Miss L. McKil.op, Miss ML Ducker, E. C.
Cordell, Mus T. Kremcr, Miss L. Ducker, W.
yon Tiilow, Miss M. McKillop, C. de Guerre,
Miss S. Smith, R. Run, Miss L. Nelson, Mr.de
Pew, Mr. Shay, Miss A. Shay, Miss A. Schlessel
mann, Miss M. Bach, Mis 6E. hhay, Miss Waldo,
Mr. Bach, Mr. Randolph, Mr. Denver, Mr.
Schmidt, D. McKillop, Miss B. Gutstadt, U. As
man, Miss E. Asman and W. Asman.
A successful and pleasant surprise party was
tendered last Sunday. June 28, to Mr. and Mrs.
C. Bracksmann at their residence, corner of
Twentieth street and Treat avenue, by their
numerous friends and acquaintances, assisted
by the officers and members of America Circle,
C. O. F.
The large parlors were neatly decorated by a
commit'.ee, who provided an abundance of
flaps and Japanese lanterns for the adornment
of the spacious parlors and dining-room. On
arriving at the residence the host listened to a
felicitous address of congratulation by Wil
liam Hiiack of the Companions of the Forest,
which was followed by an excellent duet ren
dered by the talented Desmond sisters, the
Misses Mary and Annie, after which supper
was announced. Dancing, in which the merry
company participated till an early hour Mon
day morning, followed.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs
C. Brackmann, Mr. and Mrs. F. Behuke, Mr.
and Mrs. E. Pohl, Mr. and Mrs. Aldis, Mr. and
Mrs. William Haack, Robert Morris, M. Lynch,
K. Lyuch, A. Lynch, Mr. and Mrs. Albin, Mrs.
Davies, Fred Zimmerman, Paul Reichert, Miss
L. Schweetzer, Miss Rose Harvey, Miss A. Des
mond, Miss M. Desmond, Miss J. Finn, Mr. and
Mrs. Barduhn, Mr. and Mrs. Muenz, Miss M.
Reagan, Mr. Munsey, James Kelly, Mr.
Prager, Krann, Mrs. Forbes, Mrs.
Janes, Miss M. Gallagher, William Heune,
Mrs. Keiffer, C. Glanville, Mr. Finckley, Mr.
Deyler, Mrs. Marks, Mr. Thode, H. Denicke
and J. J. Kelly.
Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Meyers were tendered a
charming surprise party on Thursday, June2s,
at their residence, 567 Kaioma streei, prior to
their departure for Carson City, Nov.. where
they expect to reside during the remainder of
the year. Among those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. J. D. Meyer, Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Kruck,
Mr. and Mr>. Abe Burweth, Miss Alice Keeg,
Miss Mollie Thagoda, Miss Delia Melsing, Miss
Martha Hyde, Miss Lena Jacobs, J. H. Harms,
(ieorge Cash, W. F. Koch, J. R. Bolton, Dan
Keating, C. H. Malmer, W. N. Allen, L. New
ton, W. S. O'Bryan, Michael Burns, Erie King.
At Del Monte.
P Among the arrivals this week at the Hotel
el Monte are Lieutenant and Mrs. George M.
Stoney, Miss Flper, Miss Blanche Bachman,
San Francisco; Fred A. Schneider, Sau Jose; S.
Apconco, Miss Marguerite Apconco, San Fran
cisco ; John C. Gill, John Brenner, Sacramento ;
W. B. Rowland, San Francisco; Mrs. William
Jones, Brookline, Mass.; O. Eaton, Stanford
University; Charles rattler ana wife, Miss
Flora Fattier, Charles rattler, New York; F. B.
Lamoreux, Ira Lamoreux, Stevens Point, Wis. ;
J. Stuart Gates and wife, Washington, D. C;
E. J. Cole, St. Louis; J. J. Cowers, Sanford
tachs, San Francisco; H. C. Allen, Chicago;
C. C. Wallace and wife, Eureka, Nev.; Mrs.
William Giseiman, Miss Giselman, Marshal
Giselman, San Francisco: Mrs. A. Bishop, W.
H. Bishop, Chicago; Mrs. W. P. Sands, Mrs.
H. S. Sands. New York; Charles A. Laton, J.
B. Lauck. San Francisco; Mrs. William Wil
son, Kouila Wilson, Guatemala; Robert Roos,
M. Adolph Rood, San Francisco; Mis? Shaw,
Toronto; Misa Charlotte, San Jose, Henry Wal
ters, Brooklyn; William H. Mills, Miss Bessie
Mills, W. F. Perkins, San Francisco; Charles
Muhtaway Webb, Mrs. C. H. WeTib, New York*
S. W. Lamoreux, Miss Vivian Lamoreux, Har
land Lamoreux, Washington, D. C; A. T
Britton and wife, Sadie Britton, Flora Brlttou.
At Del Mar.
Among the recent arrivals at the Hotel del
Mar are: Mrs. Henry M. N. Spring, Master
Jack Spring, Miss Margaret Spring, Baby
Spring and nurse, John Quinn, P. D. Nolan,
San Jose ; N. W. Crew, Mrs. N. W. Crew and
baby, Mrs. M. E. Donnelly, Chico; Mrs. M. Le
fevre. Miss A. Lefevre, Mrs. C. Chapin and
children, Oakland; Mrs. J. Molowansky and
maid, Miss Lydia Molowansky, Master Paul
Molowansky, Master John Molowansky, Miss
Margaret Curtis.
At Walls Springs.
Among the arrivals at Walls Springs on the
■Russian River are: G. Magnstaedt, Oakland;
P. P. Dall, San Francisco; J. F. Clark and wife,
Master George Clark, San Francisco; Mrs. W.
L., Powleson, Miss Grace M. Powleson, San
Francisco; £. F. Williams, wife and child,
Oakland; Mrs. J. Jewell, Miss E. Keizer,
Trenton; Mrs. Lorendale, Mrs. Sulli
van, Master Leo Sullivan. Miss Gertrude
Lorendale; J. J. Sullivan, San Francisco; Mrs.
J. J. Beaton, W. Beaton, S. Beaton, Master
A. Beaton, Miss M. Beaton. San Francisco; Mr.
Badgley and wife, Healdsburg; Mrs. C. F.
ThierbHCh, Mrs. J. Thierbach, Mrs. Hockla, Mr.
Dangers, wife and family, Mrs. A. Schuerin,
Mrs. T. W. Volkmann, Mies Emma Thierbe.ch,
Miss Frances Taylor. Santa Rusa; R. H. Taylor,
Mrs. J. G. McCall and the Misses Lizzie, Ger
trude, Olive, Essie and Louis McCall of Oak
land, Mrs. Pitcum, Mrs. Botcher, of San Fran
cisco.
ENGAGEMENTS,
Preparations Made for Elabo-
rate Summer Wed
dings.
Invitations are out for the wedding of Miss
Mary E. Whitney, daughter of Mrs. i .A. Whit
ney, and Oliver J. Olson. They will be mar
ried on Wednesday, July 28, at highnoon, at
St. James Church.
The engagement is announced of Miss M. V.
Lacey of this city and J. S. Phillips of Los An
geles. The marriage wi.'l take place in Los
Angeles, and after a short trip through the
southern part of the State Mr. and Mrs. Phil
lips will return to Los Angeles and make that
city their future home at 1007 South Broad
way.
The engagement is announced of Miss Ella
Friedlander, daughtei of Mr. and Mrs. H.
Friedlander, to Henry Sleroty of the Eastern
Clock Company. They will be pleased to see
their friends Sunday afternoon, July 12, from
2 to 5 o'clock, at 310^' Fell street.
The wedding of Miss Maude E. McCullousrh,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. McCullough of San
Francisco ana sister of Dr. F. E. McCulloueh
of Oakland, and John J. Jones, assistant book
keeper of J. J. O'Brien's, will take place
Wednesday evening at 7:30 o'clock at St. Pat
rick's Church, Mission street.
PRIVATE PICNIC,
Dauntless Circle Enjoy an Out
ing at Fairfax.
A very enjoyable private picnic and outing
was given on Sunday, June 28, at Fairfax
Park, Fairfax, by the Dauntless Circle. The
leap year rules which were in force from 10
a. m. until 12 m. proved very amusing to all
present. At noon a delightful repast was
served, after which dancing was indulged in
until time to start for the City. Addresses
were made by Miss A. Antoni, president of the
day; Mrs. P. Messini, .president of the circle,
and John Torre, president of the Dauntless
Club. Great credit is due to the committee
who had the affair in charge. Among the
guests present were: Mr. and Mrs. S. Bertucci,
Mr. and Mrs. A. Depaoli, Mr. and Mrs. F. Torre,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Mangini, Mr. and Mrs. F. Mas
cherini, Mr. and Mrs. E. Ratto, Mrs. P. Messini,
Mrs. T. Mangitii, Mrs. S. Cevasco, Mrs. D.
Cuneo, the Misses A. Antoni, L.Elmo, A. Gatto,
T. Antoni, L. Soldatl, C. Soldati, G. Soldati,
M. Glinadelli. M. Lagomarsini. M. Cimeo, A.
Williams, M. Morelli, A. Morelli, A. Ghio, A.
Gianini, L. Gianini, A. Cuneo, K. Cuneo, J.
Cevasco, L. Cuneo, J. Bertucci, E. Lagorio, R.
Msscherini, D. Rossi, John Torre, W. Lane,
J. Estolo, T. Bignotti. P. Rota, M. Sherman, S.
Ratto, F. Sillineri, L. Sillineri. J. Pera, C. Sinn,
A. Bacigalupi, J. Baciiralupi, C. Fopiano, A.
Bacicralupl, 3. Brizzolara, G. Raggio. J. Lever
oni, J. Holman, V. Vaccaro, T. Winship, E.
Ghio, J. Guinasso, E. Decoti, F. Demartini, A.
Elmo, and the Uuited Three Band.
A CAKE WALK,
The Big Four Entertain Their
Friends in Pleasing
Fashion.
On last Saturday night, June 27, a grand
prize cake walk and ball took place at the
Garibaldi Hall, given by the Big Four Social
Club.
The affair was a success and was given under
the management of Alexander Silvty, Harry
Steward, Frank Peterson, Leon Nicholas and
August Bergh.
Mr. John Steward won the gents' prize, a
handsome cake, while Mrs. Rosie Taylor cap
tured the ladies' prize, a silver medal.
The feature of tue evening was Miss Mar
guerite Esther Taylor, a tiny tot of three sum
mers, who received immense applause by h-r
walking. She was assisted by Mr. Harry Stew
ard, who won the first prize nt the benefit given
by the Midwinter Fair in 1895.
Mr. Jack Kenna, the chaii.pion skater of the
Pacific Coast, gave an exhibition of skating.
IN THE FUTURE,
Precita Parlor and the Mission
Literary Club Announce
Entertainments.
Banner Club of Precita Parlor No. 187, N. S.
G. W., will give its third anniversary enter
tainment at Mission Parlor Hall, Seventeenth
street, above Valencia, Saturday evening,
July 25.
The Mission Literary and Social Club will
give their next entertainment on Wednesday
evening, July 8, at Mission Opera Hall.
They have arranged au excellent programme
and the talent selected is of the very best.
After several numbers of recitations, songs,
etc., the one-act farce entitled "Day After the
Wedding" will be presented. Dancing will
follow and be continued until midnight.
AN OAKLAND EVENT,
Olcese Dinner Party and Moon
light Drive to Hay
wards.
Miss Margaret Olcese of Oakland entertained
a number of her friends at a dinner, followed
by a moonlight drive to Hay wards. Those
present were Miss Lillian Kocca, Miss C'har
h tte Borlini, Miss ilotilde Chichizola, Miss
Arata oi Sau Francisco and Miss Lemrile of
Napa.
Personals.
Miss Pauline Rosenthal, after an^absence of
several years in Europe, has returned and is
the guest of her cousin, Mrs. N. J. Vidaver, at
323 Geary street.
Mrs. I- Schlanker, accompanied by her son
and niece, arrived In this City Sunday last
from San Luis Obispo to spend a couple of
months with her parents at 309 Golden Gate
avenue.
Mrs. McLaughlin, late of 1420 Taylor street,
has returned and is located at 231 Clement
street, near Fourth avenue (Richmond Dis
trict), where she will be pleased to meet her
oM friends.
Miss Jalie Hortense, second daughter of H.
H. Grantee, editor of the Sonoma Index-
Tribune, is visiting at the home of Mile. Elena
Roeckel. 1060 Fulton street.
Mrs. E. A. Baer of Bakersfield will be at home
Wednesday, July 8. at 1810 Bush street.
The wedding of Max Sommers and Miss Flora
Lemle will be celebrated this evening at
Golden Gate Hall.
Theo. P. Spitz, formerly one of San Fran
cisco's prominent representative traveling
men, and now a resident of New York City,
has been elected to the office of president of
the New York Division Travelers' Protective
Association of America.
Mr. ana Mrs. N. Vassalo and family arrive!
from their home in Snelling on Fridny and
will spend a couple of months wi f h Mrs. Vas
sallo's mother. Mrs. I. H. Eisen, corner of Cali
fornia street and Twellth avenue.
GONE INTO CAMP.
The League of the Cross Cadets Hnve a
Dress Parade Before Taking Their
Departure.
The League of the Cross Cadets have
gone into camp for eight days at Aqua
Caliente, about three miles from the town
of Sonoma.
Company A of . the Cathedral parish,
Captain -F. S. ; Drady, and : Company I of
St. Peter's '.parish; Captain Haggerty, in
full marc ing order, formed as a battalion
on Van Ness avenue, between Golden Gate
avenue and Turk ; . street, yesterday after
noon, about 3:30 o'clock, Lieutenant Hop
per acting as adjutant. . ,
They passed in review -;■ before Captain
Drady and r- then dress parade followed
which .was witnessed by a large number
of friends of the cadets. Then, headed by
the drums and buglers, they marched to
the ferry. .. :'. ..'. . . -.._.■"■
This morning : there . will be a military
mass at the camp,. Rev. James McDonald
of Bt. Peter's Church acting as chaplain,
ihere will be : another military mass this
day week before they leave camp. During
the week * there will ;. be a • field day and
other military maneuvers.
; '-*;' ' ' ♦ — ♦ » '
Professor Virchow was thrown down by
a bicycle in the Berlin streets recently, but
was not much hurt.
RECEPTION AND
EUCHRE PARTY.
Brilliant Gathering at the
Harrison Home at
Stockton.
A Handsome Trio of Young
Ladies the Guests of
Honor.
Elegant and Novel Prizes Awarded
the Victors— Original Booby
Prize.
The home of Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Harrison,
corner of Poplar and Lincoln streets, Stockton,
Cal., was the scene of a brilliant reception last
Saturday evening, given in honor of M:-g
Nellie Harrison of Sacramento, Miss
O'Brien of San Francisco and Miss Clara Cona
way of Oakland.
The guests began arriving about 9 o'clock,
the hostess being assisted in receiving by her
daughter, Miss Julia Harrison, and Miss Adr s
Shaw. The parlors were prettily decorate*!
for the occasion. Flowers and ferns graced
every corner, while pendant from the chan
deliers were varl-colored festoons of the same.
Following the informal reception progress
ive euchre was inaugurated. Eight tables were
provided for the guests. Miss Marcellene Gage
and Miss Georgie Smith proved themselves
adepts at the game by winning the first two
prizes for progressions. A great deal of amuse
ment was afforded by Frank McKain, who
captured the booby prize.
About midnight the guests repaired to the
basement, where an elaborate supper was pro
vided. This part of the house is happily con
structed for 6uch an occasion. Here again the
decorations were of a hifch order. Flowers of
every variety, intertwined with ferns and ever
greens, covered the walls and pillars, while
From the ceiling huner streamers of red, white
and blue. A background of American flags
lent added interest to the pretty scene.
Two large tables were arranged for all. Here
the guests enjoyed themselves for over an
hour, little speechmaking, toasts, etc., enliven
ing the time. The entire affair was a success,
and many compliments were showered upon
the hostess.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. W. B.
Harrison, Miss Julia Harrison, Miss Nellie
Harrison of Sacramento, Mies Edna O'Brien i f
San Francisco, Miss Clara Conawny of Oakland
Miss Nelson of Sacramento, Mrs. E. L. Horton
f>f San Francisco, Miss Leonora Harrison of
Oakland, Miss Adrta Shaw, Miss Maggie Cun
ningham, Miss Lottie Husking, Miss Marcellene
Gase, Miss. Kuby Black. Miss Bessie May Aus
tin, Mss Libbie Hart, Miss Georgie Smith, Miss
Susie Piummer, Mis* Mamie Boggs Miss Mamie
Oldham, Miss Helen Bogcs; Messrs. F. F. Black
J. E. Doak, Fred J. McKain. J. E. Hicken
botham, Walter Brown, Horace Vincent,
Norvai Harrison, Frank Harrison, C. F. Hutch
inson, S. Rosenbaum, Harold Gage, J. K.
Wagner, G. E. Hudson, E. If. Bransford, C. L.
Neumiller, Harry T. Hammond of San Fran
cisco.
At Paso Robles.
Among those registered at Paso Robles are:
Mrs. J. Franklin, the Misses Franklin, Mrs.
Major Eagan, Mrs. Dr. Hopkins, J. W. Arm
strong, W. H. King, Mrs. S. Jacobson, Miss
Jacobson, C. W. Spencer, A. Hem, J. Blcknel
and wife, Mrs. Schuann, Miss Schuann, David
Nagle. U. S. M., Mrs. H. Cohn, Mrs. White. Miss
White, Chief Justice ana Mrs. Fields, Miss
Whitney, Mrs. J. D. Spreckels, Mrs. Center, Dr.
and Mrs. Whitney, D. D. Hopkins. Mrs. Wil
liam E. Hotkius.'W. J. Brkland, Miss Birdie
R;ce, McD. Venable, J. C. Ortego, E. L. Sanford,
R A. Ludres, Professor Co.c, J. H. Frost, Pro
fessor Wai er Miller, N. Messer, L. Dean, A. D
Rickey, W. H. LUmpiiy. Thomas Irvin, Captain
Pond, George Boney, J. Cough Ulan, Mrs. Lach
man and daughters, Mr. and Mrs. James Hunt,
Mr. and Mrs. Johnson A. Smith.
TOW TO-PAT.
SOLE AdENTS FOR THE
MAQQIOM KID GLOVES.
THE GREATEST
Muslin
Underwear
Sale
EVER INAUGURATED!
2O 5 000
Manufacturer's Samples!
Every One Different.
Every Piece Brand New
and Very Desirable.
We have often quoted low
prices, but never before any-
thing to equal the values men-
tioned to-day.
Nightgowns
At 40c, 50c, 60c, 70c, 80c, 85c to
$4.00. Less than cost to manu-
facture.
Chemises
At 30c, 40c. 45c, 50c, 65c, 75c to
$1.50. This is about half price.
Drawers
At 25c, 30c, 40c 50c, 60c, 80c to
$2.00. Away below regular
prices.
Skirts
At 40c, 50c, 60c, 75c, 80c, $1.00 to
$5.00. The material alone can-
not be purchased for the price.
Corset Covers
At 15c, 20c. 25c, 35c, 50c, 65c to
$1.50. Worth just twice as
much.
We only ask an inspection. The
price and quality of these goods
are bound to be irresistible.
Mail orders promptly filled.
NEWMAN & LEVINSON.
125. 127. 129, 131 Kearny St.
Branch Store 742 and 744 Market.jsfjpjjp OF OUR GREAT JULY CLEARANCE \&
; ; = — ~— ' ....,". ■ ' "'•; "- '" -' ;V ' • "' ■ ■
COLORED DRESS GOODS! Having- successfully completed the closing out of our vast overstock, WASH OOODR DFPARTMFNTI
___ |we now begin OUR REGULAR JULY BARGAIN SALE, the mere announce- YV '°" UUUUO^UDrrtH 1 IVICiN 1 i
A rtPMIIIMP qapdfcipc | ment of which would be sufficient to crowd our mammoth salesrooms with «-3s> ivt^ c« !lj' ; H i~- ™ *. c vx # n ,
A GENUINE SACRIFICE. ! those who? from past .experience, are fully aware of the MARVELOUS ir No Samples y en » Not Sold to Dealers.
-A.t XO Cents. VALUES Offered, but When this announcement iS backed UP by the 50 P^ces FINE DIMITY, all new and stylish, well assorted, was 10c yard, I * n
250 pieces 36-inch fancy wool suitings, former price 25c, marked down to! appended STARTLING REDUCTIONS it cannot fail to create A STILL this week : "' "•' '• "• •
ioc a yard. At 28 co^t» GREATER SENSATION, as proportionately DEEP CUTS IN PRICES have BES t L?we A r ?l *£ SS? I w G e ek PRINTED calicoes, an new and first-ciass, i 4 C
500 pieces inch imported novelty suitings, former price 50c, marked (been made throughout every branch of our SPRING AND SUMMER ' » '"'" ■' " ; ""'"
down to 25c a yard. ■ * STOCK" anrironrn<ie*n+ ' 500 pieces HIGH-GRADE SHIRRED CREPON, woven colors, every one I Hi n
-Alt 23 O i-WV-.IV, ana represent stylish and fast, that were 12J^c a yard, this week.. I /2G
350 pieces -INCH PURE MOHAIR SUITINGS, former price 60c, marked down to TM F PDrATCCT CfIPDICIPT HfCD 1/11011/11 TO TUT FIRM 000110 Th'linr 250 pieces GOOD GRADE TENNIS FLANNELS, medium colorings, a nice I . -„
*" yil4 A * aa cent . IHt hnhflltol oALnlrILt tvtn KNUWN l U I Ht utii bUUUS HADE. «•*—«*-—••- * c
iin^^» a^«.T\rr rvvrrTW Rrrvrntr orrm-rT^a " .«-. ---r-"- — •■■'■ ■■■■■-•■■ »»»''"»■-■ 150 pieces CORDELETTE DIMITY, these are the new fine grade goods I 1A rt
110 pieces 38.IACH GEN UIN E SCOTCH SUIIINGS, very effective, former price 60c, that were 15c and 20c yard, tuis week's price . IUC
marked down to 25c a yard. ~ ~ ~ : — • *. '
.^^cHK^K^^^r^^.^o.co.oHn,,^ LADIES' KJD GLOVES ! . WAISTS ANDJNDERWEAR! MEN'S FURNISHINGS! ?^fpMiSliBiiiSiil 6ie
down from *1 25 to 50c a yard. At 35 Cents. ' At 50 Cents NBOKWBAR. ' ~~
= ' ■ • A ?5-v DRESSE , D . KID <* L ,° I VES ,' I LADIE8 1 PERCALE WAISTS, of fancy IliiliS^ curtain • department!
===== ss.!srjas i iffi.' reßh .«- v 'Stsrt&%s^*<^ m^*^%W?^-£& CURTAIN DEPARTMENT!
T->T A/*>¥y nnrOO r»Ar\r\Ol At 65 Cents. closed out at 50c SCARFS, adjustable Bows and Ulub- rnn . . . » T^,_, mT ,. T^ „. . „„„ ' >,'?:••.:,.*•'
bLALK DRKSb CjrVJLIL/O I 1700 pairs .5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in _ _ „ ■ house Ties, in the very latest style and 500 pairs GOOD NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, ecru or white, nicely made I OK«
•*-'*»*—• '*-"^' *-" '*-' 'w *" dark and medium tan shades, also At 60 Cents. colorings, regularly sold at 75c and and stylish in design, that were $1 25 a pair, this week's price .-. .... | OeJu
— • black, regular value $1, will be closed LADIES' MUSLIN. GOWNS full sleeves 50c, will be closed out at 25c. \ „ ,. \ ' ' •  ' „ — '
-A.* 2O Cents. . -^ out at 65c a pair. ■ yoke finished l with insertion of fine »«wo. — " Full line of designs FINE GRADE NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, in fish
Two cases 38-INCH EXTRA HEAVY AI.L-WOOL CAMEL'S HAIR, former price At 75 Cents. embroidery, special value, will be closed BOYS WAISTS AND BLOUSES net, point d'esprit, etc., designs, that were $250 and $2 75 pair, this £9 AA
50c, will be closed out at 20c a yard. 1500 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES. out at r.v^^- wavpv ppS?^ » ttxt-pt «• &i..... '
_* «- <-»-»+- large buttons -in tan, brown and Mate r : ■' A /= n^ nt ■ *" rqY BLOUSES AND STRIPKD GOOD GRADE IRISH POINT CURTAINS, well and heavily worked in I &i) Q A
_*.t as Cent*. •,: , I shades, also black, rezular value $1 25, At oO ( Cents. itnfn im?K PT?AT?n watS? good effective designs, that were $4 pair, on sale this week at.. «Jii.yU
Two cases 37-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH ALPACA, former price 50c, will be closed will be offered at 75c a pair. LADIES' MUSLIN CHEMISE square z\tl i.«, S A 1 k^?i D - V f AI ? T f
out at 25c a yard. At 95 Cents yoke of fine embroidery extra value « «!lii y in » 2? d *$ lS le attached V 100 pairs in odd lots MEDIUM AND FINE PORTIERES, the clean-up I HALF
• QS Cents. 1000 pairs twotlasp PIQUE KID GLOVES *>r 75c, will be closed ouf 'at 50c aS Lc°h at 65c, will be closed out ° a large Philadelphia mill, on sale this week at..,. .... P | PRICE.
Two cases 37-INCH ALL PURE WOOL IMPORTED FANCY WEAVES, former (embroidered back) in tan, brown, MEN'S rnTT"^HAi p uncp One lot BEST GRADE (Daghestan effect) IMPORTED RUGS, size 30x64 I $1 OA
price 50c, will be closed out at 25c a yard. I red and opera shades, also black, regu- MEN S COTTON HALF HOSE. inches, that were $4 each, on sale at... % JL.»JU
lar . value $1 50, will be closed cut at . At 1254 Cents. " 'V ■
_*.t 35 Cents. 95c a pair. - • 120 dozen SUPERIOR QUALITY FULL 50 pieces FINE GRADE OPENWORK SCRIM, 40 inches wide, that was I Ql/j
Two cases 38-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH MOHAIRS, in a variety of designs, former TIT Imr nTT IT T 1 mvi 1 BTHBONS ANH PABA^fIK! FINISHED COTTON SOCKS, in mode 12Kc yard, on sale at | 5 3 C
price 60c, will be closed out at 35c a yard. fc - Xl A PIT \l\Y T A PIN I llllJUUllU illlU 1 iIiLJtIUUIJU I shades, tan and black, regular price •
JJUflUli UiUii LiIUJCIO I :- L .* ;— 25c a pair, will be closed out at 12^c. £»- See "Chronicle" and "Examiner" for Specials in Linens and Blankets.
- A -* SO Cents. : -;- ■ /-vTTT v At 20 Cents. ' TTivrTiTiTi \.at"itB a •¥=» » ■ ' — _____
Three cases 44-INCH ALL -PURE WOOL FRENCH AND GERMAN JACQUARDS. B T phavtiVt v ? apw 11' ..ilk 4 FANCY DRESDEN RIBBONS 3 inches At 7S cTn^" 1 " ! ============ ::-;•■,■«.,
v.^tyo^.w.nd«leg_tde» TO former price. 76c and 85c," Will be closed "^..^w^.^SLl^BOUrSo'n wide, all silk, will be closed'out 98 dozen SILk FINISHED BALBRIG- T AHIF^' PAPF^ K\ RT9 I<> I HT^
out at 50c a yard. LACE. 4 inches wide- NET . rt _^ • GAN UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW- L*t\ LJ lEL O U/\rCO, OIK 1 IO§OU 1 1 O
TOP BOURDON LACE, 4 inches wide, . At 2r> Cents. . ERS. medium weight, in flesh, tan ' - -■■•■■"
======Z-==rzr-TZZ-===Zr-T=r--I=r . ■ regular price 20c and 25c, will be closed FANCY DRESDEN RIBBONS. V A inches and cadet blue^^ regularly sold „»» *Loi LADIES' CAPES, made of fine material, prettily embroidered or braided ©1 AA
out at 10c per yard. wide, all silk assorted colois, will be a suit wm be closed out at 1 5c each in contrasting shades; also trimmed with bias bands and small buttons, $ I.UU
QTT \T r^HTID A OTTIV/rTnVTTrT At 15 Cents a Yard. closed out at 25c. garment. _^ ■ — _ lined and unlined; tan, brown, navy and black; worth $4; reduced to.. Each
OIJ-irV JL/ILJr/\ri 1 IVl£ll\ I i - black CHANTILLY LACE, aiisiik, At %\ on hosiery ; . T . mTOr . I)I .. , ,« , . . .. , , lw v • ., . .
inches win*- RI apk sine tiotth At { I#uu « ,^ . LADIES' CAPES, made of fine material, richly embroidered or braided, ©O X A
. DON LACE' 5U inrhPs widf- BLACK CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Gloria silk At 1214 Cents a Pair. all lined with silk, ruche trimmings at necK; also black velvet with jet tj^.OV
I: . _ A _ t 3S Ooxxts NKT TOP ' ii'OURi)OS LACE, 5H lined » will be closed out at * L CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED BLACK . trimming, all lined, ribbon ruche at neck; worth $7 50, reduced to | Each
1200 yards ENGLISH SILK POPLIN, in a good variety of colors, suitable, for fancy fff^vlfd ' w^MSJ^Lk^tar^^S? 1(» LADIES' SKIRTS, made of Navy Blue Serge, all lined, five yards wide, ©1 KA
waists and evening dresses, former price |1, wUI be closed out at 35c a yard: vvm De closed out at 15c per yard. -:.;..: reduced to 12Uo a pair ■ reduced from $3 50 t0........ .......-.'. «3)1.0vl
■■■:'• .; : * At 25 Cents a Yard. ITPIir TiTiTntiO mTlTlUnurTlTnn I ••;• „- ~ '-. . -: .". Each
At 25 Cents. BLACK SILK CHANTILLY LACE, NEW DRESS TRIMMINGS ' At 2a Cents a Pair. ....^^ ............ E * ch
950 yards FANCY STRIPED TAFFETA, former price 75c, will be closed out at "5c a BLACK SILK BOURDON LACE, huuwm xuinuuiiuu v CHILDREN'S BLACK FRENCH LISLE 85 LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Double-breasted Reefer and Skirt, made I©9 A A
vara. BLACK NttT TOP BOURDON LACE. Tv v « »•„ — T j v .-, , THREAD HOSE, spliced knees, heels of biack and navy Cheviot, skirt lined throughout, worth $7 50. will be «gV>..JU
_*__ _, 6 and 7 inches wide, regular price 50c ..M^^FT d «Vfi? c "M and toes, sizes s>^ to 8 incnes, regular closed out at. ... * | . Each
730 yards BLACK At 75 Cents. silk, elegant soft finish 60 c and 65c, will be cloied out at 25c r^ M \%v Avnsvn?"4 Co^ RL ? price 40c and 50c, reduced to 25c a pair. LADIES> STTITS ' £**« ° , Skir^d^ouble-breasted Jackets, in <- AA
730 yards BLACK BROCADED MERVELLIEUX, all pure silk, elegant soft finish per yard. BEAD and SPANGLE TtOKES. with- and . r,w c o T>o{- LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Skirts and Double-breasted Jackets, in I Q/» QA
extra heavy quality, former price*! 25, will be closed out at »c a yard. < "" 8h ' ' At 25 Cents a Yard . . T^T-nZr^ Tc IS? ff £? S^iS LADIES^hVeTd* b'llSk* MACO ' Bft^S£2SS?fcf "'' o ' ° '" "* "^ finished ' ™"' Valh
A 75 Coilt _ BLACK SILK APPLIQUE LACE, em- than regular price. - . ■ COTTON HOSE, extra high-spliced ' •••••••••••;••• -i
<nn -.-.r^ m Apir ratty TvrrrwTrticT? oo; nn t, oe » 1. 11 m^ .: broidered in butter shade, 5, 6 and 7: We will also show a new arrival of heels, double soles and toes, Herras- ' LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Sfcirts and Double-breasted Jackets, in black I©7 XA
400 jards black bA irn h. nl n »H ft' -'-'inches w, .c, all pure silk, extra heavy, inches wide, regular price 50c, 65c and COLORED SPANGLE TRIMMINGS, in dorf black, regular price 50c, reduced i and navy Serge, lined throughout and neatly finished, also c&ecks and «P<.OU
lormer price $1 -o, win De closed out at /5c a yard. ~- c will be clo3ed out J t 25 C per yard, all widths, at very low prices. to 33>^c a pair. mottled effects, in shades of gray and tan, worth slo. will be closed out at |• « Each
'~;'*;.■l- - ■ ' -■ ■ ' -■ .
if if Murphy Building, / mi/ Murphy Building, / If if Murphy Building, J UiUr Murphy Building, ./ Izlf Murphy Building, J , '■' {/{/ Wur P n y Building, / w(f Murphy Building, J
Matet anil Jones Streets. 1 Martet and Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets. Market- it Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets. ; . Market A Jones Streets. Market ant Jones Streets.
Realms of Plausible Fiction
If All the Fire Crackers ir\ the Universe
Were Rolled Into One
The rage for novelty in Sunday litera
ture and illustration having led somebody
to picture to a deeply concerned and thor
oughly interested world the comparative
size of a structure that should contain as
much room -as all the houses in the City
put together, a member of The Call staff
has contributed a chapter of up-to-date
-: -dilations that will be found far in ad
vance of anything of the kind previously
attempted. It is confidently expected that
this article will go a long way toward fill
ing a "long-felt want" of something new,
hitherto undreamed of, and gloriously
impossible.
If the people of San Francisco consume |
300,000 pounds of beef a day, what a mam
moth creature would be the steer or the
heifer which would represent in size and
weight the grand aggregate of all the
beeves slain on the altar of this com
munity's appetite for one whole year! It
would, of course, be a couple of hundred
thousand times the size and weight of the
ordinary ateer, and if the sun's rays fell
directly on it from above the body would
throw a shadow that would cover forty
times the area occupied by the Palace
Hotel. If the animal could be kept still
long enouph all the military companies of
the City could parade and maneuver on
the plateau of its back. The creature
would require about 10,000 tons of hay as
its daily food, and its board would cost
about $700,000 a week.
It will be next m order for some bril
liant mind to obtain from all the cities of
the land wherein the electric lipht is in
use reliable information as to the total
number of lights in use and their respect
ive candle-power. The aggregate candle
power of all the electric lights in use may
then be obtained, and the reader will be
dumfounded with the information that
if the total candle-power of all those elec
tric lights were combined in one, and that
one immense light hoisted up to an alti
tude that would put it alongside the moon
when that orb is in mid-heaven, the silvery
disk would fade out of the unequal contest
with twentieth century science, even as it
melts away before the radiant eye of the
morning.
In fact, it will possibly be shown that
were all the electric candle-power in the '
world, and all the power that can be gen
erated by Niagara Falls and all other tor
rents and whirlpools and swift-flowing riv
ers and driving seas, to be combined in
one sublime light, and that light raised a
couple of hundred thousand miles above j
tli is terrestrial sphere, the astronomers on !
the planet Mars would go crazy over the <
inexplicable phenomenon, which would j
make nignt on half the earth only ameni- !
ory of the past. The figuring might goon j
until we had an electric light that would I
make old Pucebus himself turn sick and !
vfllow and in comparison look like a gas I
lamp alongside of an arc burner.
l'.ut stop a moment! It is now 'about
the season for some enterprising editor
who doesn't put any faith in the proverb
that "there isn't anything new under the
sun" to detail somebody to figure out how
big a firecracker would result from a com
bination in one single explosive of all the
materials in all the firecrackers that
were fired everywhere on the Fourth of
July.
If that magnitudinous combination werel
to be set off on the McAllister-street sidel
of the new municipal building the force of!
the explosion would be such as to blow
the structure to atoms and buildings
would be wrecked for a radius of a mile
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
around. The Parrott block would have |
its marble front shaken out of its «teel
casements; there wouldn't be a whole win
dow left in the gigantic downtown palaces,
and the loss of life would be frightful. The
Lick monuni3nt would be buried out of
i sight, and Market street, facing the monu
ment plaza, would be so covered with
debris that the streetcar company would j
lose more nickels by reason of the moun- i
tainous obstruction than it would miss '
i from newsboy traffic in Powell-street trans
fers in a hundred years.
Tne realm of plausible fiction is a do- I
, main entirely too dry and tame for the j
, latter-day genius of Fakedom, and this |
article is written in order to furnish him '
with additional pointers and suggestions !
on the illimitable grandeur of the impos-
I sible.
ENGLISH PROVES BETTER
THAN MOOTHER TONGUE
The population of Chinatown progresses
steadily and some of the tan-colored
youth up there are fin de siecle decidedly.
Yesterday afternoon, at the junction of |
Stockton and Clay streets, there were
fathered three or four young Chinamen
whose attention was riveted on a moving
tableau on the southwest corner of the
two streets named. The tableau embraced
two Chinese girls done in "fast colors,"
opulent in jade stone rings and gewgaws,
rigid as to deftly plastered hair, roseate as
to lips painted an unnatural and vivid red,
and as white as a miller's coat with some '
sort of dust liberally put on to make a pale
background of cheek for the flares and
splashes of red conspicuous on their small
facial area.
The Chinese youth discussed them
freely from their head ornaments to their
milk-white hose and funny little, vivid
sreen bottines or slippers. But the Chi
nese language was discarded and the talk
went on in English, to the amusement of
Eastern tourists and other bystanders.
"She's my girl," said one in English
without a Chinese inflection.
"Oh, no," said another, "she's mine."
The conversation wa3 of this sort all
through and it was all in English, spoken
with a San Francisco accent throughout.
THE SCARCITY OF
CHENESE INTERPRETERS
While there are now quite a number of
white men in San Francisco who are able
to converse in the Chinese language with
the Chinese merchants it is a singular fact
that there are only three or four who are
able to act as court interpreters. The
Chinese lan uage has been spoken in San
Francisco nearly half a century and dur
ing two score years the local Chinese popu
lation has numbered thousands continu
ously. These conditions would naturally
suggest that there would be scores of Chi
nese interpreters competent to go into
court, but such is not the fact. Mr.
Millard, who has been an interpreter
many years, says that part of this is due
tp the fact that the Sam Yups and See
Yups employ totally different words to ex
press the same idea or to describe the
same object. For instance one branch of
the Chinese speakwig people here call an
association a "bong" while the other
branch calls it a "tone." The technical
names are very hard to acquire in both
the Sam Yup and See Yup dialects, espe
cially names of medicines and drugs,
names and varieties of fabrics of differing
kinds. Many persons have tried to become
interpreters, bat few white persons nave
kept on. Mr. Millard picked up the two
dialects himself without the aid of rules
of constiuction, which are now better
understood by white persons interested in
philology than they were formerly.
MOCK FLOWERS OUT
OF REAL BLOSSOMS
The park gardeners have devised and
are executing something new in the way
of floral designs for the ornamentation of
the people's play-ground. Heretofore the
slopes around Conservatory Valley have
been decorated with geometrical figures
very lareely, these being done in vari
colored foliage plants. The odd and pleas
j ing fancy suggested itself of making mock
i flowers by the same means. So the slopes
; are now becoming interesting with mimic
plants of size sufficiently laree to fit them
for prize-winners in the land of Brobdis
! nag. Some plants with green foliage are
: used to make up the outlines of the stem,
these stems being fully ten or twelve feet
long. From these stems radiate smaller
stems on which the mock flowers appear,
the petals being outlined by flowers of
small leaf adapted for the purpose of indi
cating tne proper segregation. These
! strange but interesting productions at
tract the undivided attention of those who
see them the first time. Tne work has
1 been progressing during the past week.
The mock flowers appear to have an aver
age diameter of three feet at least and the
mock leaves are on the same large and
generous scale.
Recently Discovered Portrait of Washington.
Officers in the English navy were dis
tinguished by no particular dress from
those in the army till the time of George 11.
In Wales and Cornwall many of the
miners burn their hats upon the birth of a
male child ; if a girl be born his neighbors
burn it for him.
cNe^? Picture of Washington
I JKe Or\ly LiVirxg Descendant of tke Father
of His Govmtry
Collectors of Washingtoniana will be in
terested to learn that a hitherto unknown
engraving of the Father of His Country
has recently been discovered. It is not
mentioned in W. 8. Baker's "Engraved
Portraits of Washington," wnich is the
standard work on the subject. But Mr.
Baker has recognized it as a valuable ad
dendum to the contemporary portraits of
our first President.
The engraving in question, according to
the legend thereon, was "Pubd. 15th July,
1784, by Whitworth & Yates, Birming
ham." These English engravers are well
known as the publishers of other valuable
Drints of the same subject. It shows
Washington in his early manhood and
differs considerably from the more fa
miliar portraits which limn him at a ma
ture age. The discoverer is a gentleman
who purchased half a dozen impres
sions, belonsine to a farmer in the
West. The Western gentleman explained
that they had been in his family for gen
erations, but could give no further infor
mation. He was not aware of the rarity
of his property.
One of the closest relatives of the
"Father of His Country" is selling cigars
at a stand in the Pension I Office m Wash
ington, D. C. He resembles remarkably
his distinguished ancestor.
Visitors to the Pension Bureau see in the
center of the. building a small stand,
behind wnich is a man whose face bears a
wonderful resemblance to the familiar
portraits of Washington. He is Colonel
Ebenezer Burgess Ball, one of Washing
ton's nearest of kin and related to him
through several different lines of ancestry.
Colonel Ball is one of four people who
claim eaually near kinship of Washing
ton. The grandfather of the present
Colonel Ebenezer Burgess Ball was a
Colonel Ball who served in tne Revolu
tionary army. He was a near relative to
Mary Ball, General Washington's mother.
The Colonial Colonel Ball and Washing
ton were cousins, both being grandchil
dren of a Ball. This Colonial Colonel Ball
married Frances Washington, a niece of
Washington, so that the present Colonel
Ebenezer Ball is doubly related to the
father of his country. There are four di
rect, living descendants of the marriage of
Frances Washington and Colonel Ball —
Mrs. Kittie Middleton of Loudon County,
Washington Ball, Colonel Ebenezer Bur
gess Ball and his sister, who is an aged
invalid in the Home for Incurables.
Colonel Ebenezer Bn rgess Ball was born
in Loudon County, Va., in 1817, and came
to Washington when 17 years of age to
work in a store which stood on the coiner
of Seventh street and Pennsylvania avenue.
He went West and settled on the Osage
River in Missouri, but when the gold fever
broke out in California he fitted out five
ox-wagons and started for the rich fields of
the Pacific Coast. But he never reached
■hem, going instead to the wilds of the
then unknown State ot Oregon. The val
ley of the Rogue River was settled by
| miners, and the Indians of that locality
i made a savage war on them, capturing
i their wagons and leaving the drivers dead
and scalped on the fields. Colonel Ball
fought during the war, and afier It waa
ended went into the provision business,
taking supplies from camp to camp.
At the commencement of the Civil War
he returned to his old home at Leesburg,
Va., and remained there to care for his
aged mother, assuming the charge of the
fine home plantation. The close of hostili
ties found him a ruined man. He then
came to Washington and engaged In the
butter business, but could not make it pay.
When the Washington monument wag
completed Colonel Ball applied for the
post of custodian, but it was denied him.
He has since supported himself by selling
cigars to the clerks in the Pension Office.
He is unmarried, quiet, polished and
courtly of manner and very proud of his
family history.
2122
Wit r <|MI
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Fred:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. SO. 15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 1 1.... 6.00
Pally and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Pally and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
Pally and Buuday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail.. 1-60
Wick.iCLY Call, one year, by mall •• 1-60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon going to the country on a vacation ? II
to, It. is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
KO EXTRA OHAROE.
BUSINESS OFFICE :
7 10 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
ralapnone ;....... Maln-188S
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
61? Clay Street.
Telephone...... ■■■■'... Matn-187*
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
■ :30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lark la street- open until 9:30 o'clock.
b\v. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock. .
2518 Mission street : open until 9 o'clock
110 Muib street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
SOS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE
Jtooms 81 and 32, 84 Park Row, New York Clt*
DAVID M, FOLTZ. Special Agent-
SUNDAY....... JULY 5, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
rOK PBESIDEXT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, or Ohio
JOK VICK-riSKSII>KXT-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
KI.KCTION NOVSMBBK .t. 189fi.
It was a great day, but everybody is glad
it is over.
Stay at home to-day and ?ee Monterey
to-morrow.
This ia a day of rest for the righteous,
but not for Chicago.
Chicago may sweat but the country
won't. The day of anxiety is past.
The more the Democratic convention
takes shape the worse shape it gets into.
The two-thirds rule is in danger of col
lapsing, along with other Democratic doc
trines.
So far as Cleveland is concerned this is
the most thorough outing season on
record.
Commodore Sloat may not have been
very vigorous about the dag-raising, but he
raised it.
The party that tries to dodge the tariff
issue in this campaign will have to dodge
the people.
If Monterey has any Chicago enterprise
she will take a census this week and count
everybody in.
The Call will give you news from Chi
cago impartially and fairly, and that is the
news you wish.
•Wnat I want is to see idle men at work
at American wages," says McKinley, pnd
so do we all of us.
Whitney, Hill, Gorman and all their fol
lowers must either bolt, crawl or lie down
and be walked on.
They will not turn Grover's picture to
the wall in Chicago but tear down the wall
it was hanging on.
The Democratic convention will be more
lite a mass-meeting in a silver mining
camp than anything else.
Chicago weather will go as far toward
demoralizing the convention as a gold bolt
or an Altgeld domination.
Make up your mind to vote for protection
and prosperity, and the rest of the cam
paign won't bother you much.
There are some men in the world who
will say anything, and consequently there
are some who say they like Altgeld.
You can count on better times after the
election, so you may as well take a good
holiday this summer and get ready for
business.
The Santa Cruz festival recreated the
State during the St. Louis convention, and
now Monterey will do the same good turn
for us during the Chicago racket.
Some of the stalwart Democrats at
Chicago seem? inclined to throw Teller
into the nomination in about the same
way they would throw a cat in a well.
It is asserted by the Chicago Record that
pianos can be reiitea in that city cheaper
than typewriting machines, but, all the
Mime, that is no municipal improvement.
As the latest Eastern cyclone struck a
picnic party in New York instead of an
Altgeld caucus in Chicago, the belief will
be strengthened that their activity is
wholly pernicious.
Fortunately for Californian?, they can
always find a cool place in which to sit and
read about what the Democrats, the Popu
lists, the Free Pilverites and the anarchists
are doing in Chioago.
Yale hasn't very good prospects for win
ning in the Thames races, but all the
same she may do it. Americans have
many a time won by piuck, skill and
energy when the prospects were against
them.
The California headquarters at Chicago
ought to display conspicuously three times
a day the weather record of San Francisco,
so as to show the sweating delegates what
they missed by not holding the convention
in this City.
It is now asserted that the French
claimed a protectorate over Madagascar as
far back as the days of Richelieu, but
while this may be accepted by the Euro
pean as a precedent the average Ameri
can is more likely to bar it out as a
chestnut,
> —
The Boston Herald says: "There are a
few favored parts of the world, such, for
example, as California, \\ here, with rare
exceptions, the rain can be counted on at
a certain season of the year and at other
seasons there is the same assurance of
fair and dry weather, so that the results
of agriculture become almost as exact as
a geometrical problem." That's right,
young man. Come West and grow up
with the climate.
"MONEY OF THE CONSTITUTION."
Immediately upon bis arrival in Chi
cago Senator Stewart of Nevada began to
innate the Teller balloon with a mixture of
wind and gas composed of the Nevada
Senator's pet catchword, "Gold and silver
the money of the constitution." But
Senator Stewart is not the only one who
talks much about the "money of the con
stitution." It has been the war-cry of the
advocates of free-silver coinage from the
start, ana not a few defenders of the gold
standard try to prove that gold is the
money of the constitution. It is fortu
nate, perhaps, that the yontu of the coun
try are too busy attending to their school
books to become acquainted with the
ignorance and stupidity of some of the
Nation's alleged wise men.
In every school where the pupils are re
quired to read and listen to lectures upon
the constitution of the United States it is
perfectly well known that there is no such
thing as "gold and silver, the money of
the constitution." Nodoubtagood many
school children wonder where Senators
and other supposedly great statesmen got
their information when they descant so
learnedly upon the "gold and silver" of
tha constitution, for nowhere in the docu
ment that is in the hands of the public is
anything ol" the kind to be found. Net a
very great while ago a member of Con
gress offered to bet something worth while
that not 75 per cent of the members in re
cent years had ever read the constitution
and that not 10 per cent would know if it
were being quoted correctly or not. Uut
however that may be it is apparent that
Chicago is just now entertaining a good
many alleged economists and statesmen
who are ignorant of what the constitution
really provides for concerning money.
The only reference in the constitution
to the power of the Government to issue
money is in section Bof article I, which
says "the Congress shall bave power to
coin money, regulate the value thereof
and of foreign coin." It appears that the
framers of the instrument were suspicious
that some State might conclude to go
into the money-manufacturing business,
and to prevent anything of that sort sec
tion 10 was made to say that "no State
shall make anything but gold and silver
coin a tender in the payment of debts."
Thus it will be seen the constitution does
not name what material money shall be
corr.Dosed of, only that it shall be some
thing that can be coined. The constitu
tion leaves the question of what metal
shall be used to coin into money entirely
with Congress. If this were not so the
act of IST3, which demonetized silver,
would have been unconstitutional, and
when one talks about retuonetizing he ad
mits the demonetization was constitu
tional, else there would be nothing to re
monetize.
It is very clear that the States were re
stricted to gold and silver as legal tender
money to prevent tbem from issuing iiat
paper money, but it must be remembered
thut the constitution does not oblige Con
gress to conform to the decree concerning
the States. It will be observed also that
the Government, in reserving to itself the
sole right to coin money, obliges the States
to accept its coins for tender in payment
of debt? only when they are gold or silver
coins. No doubt the framers of the con
stitution bad in mind the possibility of
conditions which Congress should be left
free to meet, and hence they left the whole
question of what meuil or metals should
be coined with Congress, to be determined
from time to time as occasion might re
quire. It follows, therefore, that the ques
tion of what shall ana what shall not be
coined into money is a matter of policy
and not of principle, and that the consti
tution has nothing whatever to do with it
except to see that the power is not taken
away from Congress "to coin money, reg
ulate the value thereof and of foreign
coins."
NEWS FROM CHICAGO.
True to its policy of giving impartial
reports of all events, The Call has ar
ranged for a news service from the Chicago
convention which will be in the highest
degree gratifying to all who wish fair re
ports of both sides in the great contro
versy between the silver and the gold
factions of the Democratic party.
No men are better known or are more
highly esteemed among Democratic lead
ers on this coast than the Hon. John P.
Irish and the Hon. James G. Maguire.
One is a leader of the gold men and the
other of the silver men. Both will act as
correspondents of The Call from Chicago.
It cannot be doubted that each of these
men will have inside information of all
that goes on. Therefore, in giving their
reports to the public, The Call has the
assurance that it will give the most accu
rate account of the various moves made
by the leaders at Chicago of any paper
on the Pacific Coast if not in the entire
Union.
Of course The Call will not rely for its
news wholly upon Judge Maguire and Mr.
Irish. In addition to their contributions
we shall receive full reports from the
United Press, which does not deal in fakes,
and also special reports from such trained
journalists as Carleton, Frank McGuire
and John Paul Cosgrave. We shall also
have special artists at the convention to
depict its dramatic scenes and furnish
portraits of its leading men. By reason of
this force we will be able to give a clear
and comprehensive report of all the pro
ceedings of the rival parties, while from
Mr. Irish and Judge Maguire we will get
the viewt of party leaders on the signifi
cance of each event
The aim of The Call will be to give the
news as briefly as it can be eiven without
omitting anything of interest, and with
out reporting one side to the exclusion of
the other. We intend to speak for all.
Our columns wiii deal impartially between
the various factions. We shall give the
whole news with no fakes and no padding;
and above all no straining after sensations
or flippant and extravagant exaggerations
of what is said and done. Read This Call
and you will get all the news, ana, in
addition thereto, a daily review of events
from James G. Maguire and John P. Irish.
FREE COINAGE OF MUSCLE.
The London (England) Chronicle is not
at ease because it cannot understand,
among other American sayings, the mean
ing of "the free coinage of muscle.' The
expression is American, wholly so, and if
its meaning is a mystery to the esteemed
Chronicle, we beg to assure our contempo
rary that it is a very plain and simple
proposition in this country. To Ameri
cans "the free coinage of muscle" means
unobstructed opportunity to employ one's
muscle in honorable occupation at highly
remunerative wages.
For three years American workingmen
have had very littlw opportunity to coin
their skill and labor into dollars. Labor
has been ''demonetized" so far as it repre
sents unearned money is concerned. And
what "free coinage pi labor means" just
now is that America,?" industrial enter
prises are to be started up again and labor
is to be given a chance to coin itself Into
good dollars. No douLi England will have
a better understanding of the meaning of
"The free coinage of American labor"
when she finds that our workingmen are
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
supplying us with all the manufactured
articles we want forourown consumption,
and a little more, and that we shall not
have to longer call upon the factories of
England for anything. The esteemed
Chronicle will thm have a continuous ob
ject lesson in the practical operation of the
economic law of the free coinage of work.
About $70,000,000,000 are divided up
among the people of the United States and
practically every dollar of it is the result
of the strict application of the principles
of the free coinage of American brain,
Drawn and industry. As we have said, the
coinage works have not been running much
for about three years and consequently
not a great deal of muscle has been con
verted into dollars, but the mints of in
dustry will be in full operation by and by
when every wage-earner in the country
will be free to deposit his labor and carry
•way it; equivalent in gold, silver, green
backs, treasury notes, coin certificates or
National bank notes. Then we shall bave
free and unlimited coinage of American
labor without asking the co-operation or
permission of any country on earth.
THE MONTEREY FESTIVAL.
The celebration to take place at Monte
rey tins week will be something of a
patriotic observance like the commemora
tion of the Fourth of July, and something
of a festival Hke those which have now be
come bo marked a feature of California
life. Its patriotic significance will be most
prominent in the public mind and will be
emphasized in every feature of the pro
gramme. It is to be a festival in honor of
the raisine of the starry flag above the soil
of California — an act which virtually made
this land a part of the Union and estab
lished it as a possession of the American
people forever.
In the course of the celebration tbere
will be much said in honor of Commodore
Sloat, who commanded the American
squadron in the bay at the time the llap
wa9 raised, and this will probably cause
some criticism from those who regard the
old commodore as one who had greatness
thrust upon him rather than achieved it.
"We need not take part in this controversy.
It is sufficient for us that the flag was
raised and it is sullicient for float's fame
that he was in command at the time it
was done.
The greatness which came to the com
modore was no mere accident of fortune
like that which befell Marshall when he
discovered gold. Sloat had served his
country long and had risen to high rank
before time, chance and circumstance gave
him the high honor of virtually annexing
California to th c United States, and mak
ing this an ocean girt republic. There
fore he is not unjustly entitled to the
honors accorded him, and rnauy a hero
has a less-merited monument than that
which is to be raised to him.
The arrangements made for the celebra
tion at Monterey are most appropriate for
the occasion, and ara to be carried out on
a scale that could hardly be expected of a
community of that size. Monterey, how
ever, has tbe true California spirit and
does things without counting the cost.
This is to be the celebration of a great
event in her history, and her people in
tend to make it famous throughout the
whole extent of the country. It is to be,
moreover, something more than a local
celebration. It will be a State holiday
and a State festival. All California will
take a pride in it, and we may be sure
those who are able to visit the romantic
old city by tbe bay during this week of its
glory will account themselves fortunate,
both as pleasure-seekers and as patriots.
THE FRUITS OF YESTERDAY.
It is not paradoxical nor is it a contra
diction to say tnat patriotism needs to be
fertilized, watered and cultivated. Patriot
ism is really a virtue, but the good of it,
in contradistinction to its antipodes, po
litically and ethically speaking, lies in its
steady growth and in its fruitage mean
while. A heart here and there abounding
in patriotism is not enough to sustain the
weight of such a Government as ours. It
must be widely diffused and overlap every
where. A soldier who was severely
wounded in one of the battles of the War
of the Rebellion was ordered to the rear
by his commanding officer. After a little
while he returned and asked for a gun.
saying "there is no rear to this battle."
There is no "rear" in the battle of duty,
but there are spots of inactivity between
the lines which too many seek.
It is quite safe to say that the awaken
ing to duty which the Fourth of July
causes from hamlet to metropolis is the
strength of that vigilance which is the
price of liberty. It comes, too, as the
timely shower comes to the field— not
neglected wholly — but which has been
passed by in the pursuit of harvests else
where. The heart of the American citizen
is in the right place, but poison weeds of
•elhshness. which bud into forgetfulness of
the source of the right to come and go and
to plant and reap for one's own good,
would suffocate the Heart's love of liberty
but for the strength which aroused patriot
ism imparts.
Therefore it is pleasing to note that
there was an outpouring of the people
yesterday in every community in the
United States to revive, fertilize and cul.
tivate the wide field of individual patriot
ism. It was a day set apart for that pur
pose, and the universal participation in
the joy it offered and the satisfaction that
every one felt at renewing his allegiance
to the spirit and the purpose of their
Declaration of Independence will all be
resolved into a mighty oneness with hith
erto accumulating purpose to perpetuate
the principles of individual sovereignty,
which is the glory of American manhood.
AGGRESSIVE JAPAN.
Our political economists see danger
ahead for the industries of the United
States in Japan's wonderful strides in com
mercial expansion. A decade ago the en
tire export and import trade of Japan
amounted to only 178,0Ol»,000, but this year
it will amount to considerably over $300,
-000,000, and includes nearly all arti
cles of manufacture. The item of
textile goods alone has increased from
$500,000 ten yean ago and reached over
$23,000,000 in 1595. But Japan can afford to
launch out and attack the commerce of the
older nations in their strongholds. Labor
is not a very great item of coat in turning
out goods and wares. The factories are
pretty generally equipped with modern
machinery, and Japanese workmen are
quick to learn how to manage it. In textile
and other mills wnere children can be
employed they are given service at wages
equivalent to from one to two rents for a
day of twelve hours, and now that a
Japanese company is preparing to operate
a line of steamers between their country
and the United States we may expect to
have ample opportunity to inspect the
output of Japan's industrial enterprises I
in our own markets in the near future,
unless they are taxed to where it would
not be profitable to offer them for sale.
But there is a feature of Japan's aggres
siveness which we appear to overlook in
our wonder at Her commercial audacity,
and in this she is heartily seconded by
China. We refer to the work that Is being:
done to give Buddhism a strong foothold
in America. In their enthusiastic effort to
put their goods Into our own markets the
Japanese would like very much to see
their religious faith keep pace with their
commercial advanoement. And, strange aa
it may appear, the work of spreading
Buadhlsm in this country is wholly, we
might say, in the hands of American con
verts. There are considerably over 100
organized Buddhist societies in the
United States, and each one is more or less
a propaganda. They do not call them
selves Buddhists, but the gospel of "Lord
Buddha" is the basis of their faith, and
they have all the enthusiasm of the new
convert.
Their hope is to see Buddhism triumph
over every other system of religion, and
to that end they are working in wonderful
harmony. That they are sincere there is
no doubt whatever, and the steady growth
of the work is giving them great encour
agement. They are in communication with
Buddhist priests in the Orient who trans
late the doctrine of Buddha into English
for free distribution in this country, and
they are always prepared to give the rea
son of their faith in public and in private.
As yet the effort to convert this country
to Buddhism is little more than in the
earlier stages of missionary work, but if
zeal and honesty of purpose and mone3 r
count for anything, it may be that Chris
tian missionaries who are now wrestling
with Buddhism in the Orient may have to
return to undo wbat is being dove to sup
plant Christianity at their own homes.
Verily, Japan is aggressive in more ways
than one.
PERSONAL.
K. E. Biggs, the banker, of Gridley Is regis-
tered ftt the Uraiid.
J. Cbaffee, a farmer ol Felton, Sonoma County,
is at the Russ with his wife.
William K. Clement and wife of Moscow,
Idaho, are guests at the Grand.
Dr. L. Maddock of Stockton tame to town for
the Fourth and went to the Grand.
Dr. L. J. La Mienx, a physiMau of Portland,
Or., arrived at the Grand yesterday.
A. G. EUen. a member of the Eisen Vineyard
Company of Fresno, is at the Grand.
Among the latest arrivals at the Cosmo
politan Hotel are R. Norman and wife of San
Jose.
George T. Rlyei. a mining man of Inyo
County, ii among the late arrivals at the
Graud.
W. Horfcan, a well-known business man of
Petaluina, it registered at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
R. Godfrey Broderlck, an engineer of the
United States steamer Charleston, is a guest at
tbe California.
William Woodourn of Carson, Key., lawyer
and ex-Congressman, Republican and advo
cate of silver, Is a guest at the Russ.
W. L. Watta of the State Mining Bureau
arrived at the Grand last night from the
southern part of tne state, where for a year
and a half he has been investigating the oil
regions.
J. E. Ziebacb, who for the last two years has
been Government agent on SU George Island,
arrived at the Occidental yesterday from
Bering Sea ana registered from Scotland, S. D.,
whither he is going on a visit to his wife.
Lee S. Bla.«ingame, who is engaged in sheep
raising in Fresno County, is in town, baying
recovered sufficiently from two bullet wound?,
one through the jaw aud the other through
the leg, to be abont. He was assailed in the
mountains some little lime ago as a result of a
dispute as to the conditions governing a sheep
range aud its use. Mr. Blasingame is the
brother-in-law of McWhtrter, the victim of the
notorious Fresno assassination. He Bays that
there are only about two-thirds as many sheep
in Fresno County as there were two years ago.
William B. Maddock of Cheshire, Eng., ar
rived at the Palace yesterday. His father was
the senior member ol the firm of John Mad
dock & Sons, the great earthenware manufac
turers, with works at Cheshire, employing 800
men in the production of high-grade table
ware, much of which is imported Into America.
Mr. Maddock left England in Jane, 1895, for a
wandering trip through Canada and the
United States. He recently came from British
Columbia and has been taking in Southern
California and the Yoeemite and visiting
friends at Menlo Park. In a few days he will
start homeward by way of Denver and New
York.
PRETTY BICYCLE COSTUME FOR
GIRLS.
Girls who do not approve of bloomers find
the rather short skirt the ideal garment. It is
becoming off the wheel as well, and is graceful
and really more modest than the longer skirts
which are narrow enough not to catch in the
wheel, for these latter cling and show the out
line of the form very plainly. The skirt, if
properly made, never annoys one by blowing.
To insure this the fabric must have some body
to begin with, and It must further bo faced
up about five inches with the goods. The
neatest finish for this if small rows of stitch
ing. If the goods is not heavy an interlining
of canvas may be used between lacing and
skirt. The skirt should be lined with satine,
to insure a freedom of movement that is im
possible with woolen goods. The knickers
mar be made of the satine for summer wear,
and then a skirt lining is not necessary. The
lexgin.4 should match the costume or the
facing. A cheviot of mixed tone is very jaunty
with leather facing: and leggins. A band of
leather is put on the hat also, and the gloves
and buttons should be of the color of the
leather.
The skirt bu a front gore and from that is
seamless to the center back, where one pleat
la laid on either side.
The skirt buttons at the top of the front. The
top fits perfectly smooth without darts, as it is
cut circular at the side* and back. The waist
lits smoothly over the hips and is cut with the
back and side forms in one. A plain cioth,
black or brown, looks exceedingly well with
white cuffs and collar.
This skirt is appropriate to wear with shirt
waist* for the summer.
Ttil* costume shows three patterns.
The jacket is No. 7640 and is cut in sizes
from lv to 16 year*.
The skirt is No. 7814 and is cut in sizes from
10 to ltt yean.
The knickers and leggins are No. 7842 and
cut in same sices as skirt.
For the entire Costume, six yards of 44-inch
good* is sufficient, with a yard and three
quarters of satine for knickers.
IDEAS OF WESTERN EDITORS,
Prosperous Lot Angeles.
Orange County Herald.
Los Angeles now claims a population of 100,
-rrotect the Fruit-Grower.
Ban Diego Union.
If tbere are any industries in the country
that absolutely require to b« tottered by pro.
tection those of California are pre-eminently
entitled to it. The fruit-growers of this State
have made a plucky uphill fieht against ad
verse conditions, and they will continue the
struggle. ___________^_
Not That Bad.
Bakersfleld Californlan.
While many Republicans want silver they
do not want it bad enough to continue the
Democrats in power.
Unequal Tax.
Bodie Index.
The poll-tax is a relic of barbarism and should
be done away with. We snail instruct our next
Assemblyman — who is a very bright man — to
labor earnestly for the repeal of the odious
law which requires a respectable officer to be
come a footpad.
The Western Empire.
Santa Clara Journal.
California hu only 1,500,000 inhabitants,
but has resources, if properly developed, that
would support twenty times this number. She
might be an empire in herself, and the Pacific
Ocean brings her in touch with the entire
world.
The Woods Are Full of Them.
Sun Jose Mercury.
The Albany Argus suggests that the "woods
are full" of available candidates for the Demo
cratic nomination for the Presidency. Yes,
that's it. Just as soon as -a Democrat sees his
name in print as a Presidential possibility he
takes to the woods.
San Francisco's l'o-toftire.
Woodland Visitor.
The people of San Francisco are wondering
whether the present generation will live to see
her new postomce building. It is now nine
years since the appropriation was mada for it.
Jobbery of all kinds has reigned since and
kept the work from going ahead as it should;
hence their jcrave doubts seem well founded.
A Wise Decision.
Fresno Expositor.
The decision made by the United States Su
preme Court concerning divorces will serve to
simplify the complicated tangle in which that
important branch of the law has been involved.
Under the provisions of the decision persons
obtaining divorces in one State are bound by
the laws of that State, even though they subse
quently take up their residence elsewhere.
Why Not?
Hanfora Journal.
Tha Southern Pacific has met the cut made
by the Valley Railroad people at all stations
along the route of the latter. In fact it has
gone them one better in several instances. If
the Houthern;Paiitic can make such a big cut as
they have as far south as Uerenda, why can't
they extend it still farther south? There is no
reason for it except that they are not forced to
by competition. Is not this as strong a reason
as can be urced why every possible encour
agement m riif hts of way should be given to
the Valley road to extend on to Bafcersneld
via Haufonil
No Knjoinlng in Heaven.
Fresno Republican.
There is more trouble ahead for the Valley
road and its entrance into Fresno. The resi
dents of Q and Diana streets have pooled their
interests and employed attorneys in injunc
tion proceedings.
I dreamed this dream: In the land above
A plan was laid for t tie public waal.
'Ibm a plan conceived in a matchless love,
And the samta upbeld it with fervor and zeal.
The angels went living b.nh-tiltber and fro,
>or they looked on the plan and knew it was
gOOd,
And in visions they saw it still constantly grow,
Aa a plan that Is excellent certainly should.
There came a time when the scheme went wrong;
There came a hitch In the thing they'd do;
Theie came a pause to the mighty throne.
And something bad happened Saint Peter
knew.
'■Oh, what 1b there wrong? 1 ' he whispered In fear,
And a cherub replied with a shrug or two;
"Why, some of those l'resnaus have got in here
And enjoined the proceedings, aa Kresncns do.',
It was only a dream, and I'm glad to feel,
As I hope for bliss on the other side,
That the thing I saw can never he real,
A conclusion that hardly can be denied.
And should you as* why my faith is great
That heaven is never injunction-accursed.
The answer is plain, and I tell you straight,
Tlio brood of en joiners must get there n'rst.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
A little four-year-old occupied an upper berth
in the sleeping-car. Awakining once in the
middle of the night bis mother asked him if
he knew where he was.
"Tourse I do," he replied. "I'm In the top
drawer." — Youth's Companion.
"I often wonder just what she thinks of me,"
■aid the young married man.
"It is easy to find out," said the elderly mar
ried man. "Just sit down on her hat and she
will tell you what she thinks of you in less
man a minute."— lndianapolis Journal.
Wallace— Do you believe in signs?
Ferry— Some. When you see a woman driv
ing south and looking cast it is a sure sign that
she means to turn to the west at the first cor
ner. — Cincinnati Enquirer.
Mrs. Dearborn— Will my feet show?
Photographer — Oh, mercy no! I'm not going
to make the picture as big as that!— Yonkers
Statesman.
Young Wife— lan' t it a pleasure, George,
dear, to see mother so happily engaged?
Young Husband— Yes, dear, i always love
to see your mother— knit.— Judge.
Mabel— l understand that there were only
square dances at Mrs. Flippit's small and
early.
Maude — Yes; there weren't men enough to
go round. —Judge.
First Ba'.l-player— They say this umpire's
goin' to get married.
Second Ball-player— ls he? I hope he'll know
how it is himself not to be let talk back— Puck.
"Weren't you surprised when he propoted?"
"No. Why should I be?"
"Everybody else was."— Harlem Life.
"I suppose Fred's letter is about the same
silly thing as usual?"
**Ko,it isn't; he didn't mention your name
once this time!"— Brooklyn Life.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Russia's Czar lost flesh rapidly during his
coronation fetes.
The late Sir Augustus Harris was only twice
in the United States.
Lady Florence Dixey denies that she is an
advocate of female football clubs.
There is no truth in the statement that Prin
cess Beatrice is writing an oratorio.
Professor Hadden claims that Stephenson
obtained his idea of the railway coach from an
Irish jaunting car.
Bemald Renault, the French scientist, has
discovered fossil microbes in the earliest geo
logical formations.
George Ebers, the novelist, who is also one
of the most profound orientalist! of the day
is a recent convert to Buddhism.
MaxXordau thinks that Alfred Austin, the
English poet laureate, is the most perfect liv
ing embodiment of Anglo-Saxon ism in litera
ture.
Mrs. Burnett has concluded to dramatlie her
new story, "A Lady of Quality." and it will be
produced on some English or American staae
within a year or so.
Queen Victoria's walking stick is made of a
branch of the historic oak of Charles 11.
Fastened to its top is a tiny Indian idol, part
of the loot of Seringapatam.
Colonel Thomas L. Cate, the National Con
vention "rooter," was present at the St. Louis
Convention and expects to be present at the
Chicago Convention. He U known at home as
"Foghorn Tom."
When the present Duchess of Fife was about
to be married, the Princess of Wales secured
several fabrics from the Spitalfields silk weav
ers for the trousseau. She has now commis.
sioned these weavers to make a number of
hand-made fabrics for the* trousseau*of ttie
Princess Maud.
The Russian Czar.it is laid, is in favor of
universal education, and desire s to advance
civilization by building railways through ail
parts of the empire. He is not only religious,
but humane, and would like to mitigate the
severity of punishment in the empire. He is
an ardent wheelman, a good shot, rides and
drives well, is fond of music, and speak*
English, French, German, Danish, and Italian
with only a trace of accent. He enjoys most
•pending an evening with his wife in her
boudoir, listening to her sing his favorite
songs.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
German Ancestors— M. 8., City. The Eev.
Father Yorko has German ancestors.
Tom Shareet— a, City. Tom Sharkey, the
?872 lst « wa " b ° ra in Dunda « Ireland, in
ivffA
W. G. Harrison— j. c, East Oakland, Cal.
William Greer Harrison was born in Lifford,
County Donegal, Ireland.
No Such Rewaed^B. N. 8., Paso Roblos, Cal.
The Government oi the United States does not
a?/ac a^aTa r fra OO h f ip^°^_ Or the QUcover * Of
Foreign Flags— A. o. S. The prelude to the
sermon delivered in the Central Methodist
Church on "Foreign Flags and the Fourth of
July," was delivered by Rev. Dr. Dilie.
Sawdust— A. D., Sacramento, Cal. II in any
part of Europe sawdust is prepared with flour
and used as food, this department has not
been able to discover where such is used.
The Independence— A. S., City. To serve an
apprenticeship onboard of the Independence
at Mare Island does not carry with it an ad
mission to the Naval Academy at Annapolis.
Half Votes— W. R., Philo, Cal. When in a
nominating convention two sets of 'delegates
present .edentials and the committee on cre
dentials decides to admit each, then each dele
gate is allowed half a vote. v- '^.',"j
Coasting— A. S., Concord, Cal. If in coast
ing with bicycles such a condition as de
scribed in your letter could exist the heavier
rider with the heavier bicycle would reach
the bottom of the grade first*.
Graves, Kt.-j. I). S., City. There Is a
Graves Ferry in Russell County, the mail for
which goes to Creelsboro, and Graves Shoal,
Lawrence County, the mail for which goes to
Richardson, in the State of Kentucky.
To Petrolia— T. P., City. If yon want to go
to Petrolia on a bicycle, probably the best
point to start from Is Tlburon. Then go to
Uklah, thence to Mendocino City and from
there along the coast road to the point of
destination.
Twenty-Dollar Piece— G. S., Livermore,
Cal. In every twenty-dollar piece there are
51G grains of gold, 900 fine, so that the intrin
sic value of the gold in a doable eagle is
$20.00016, as gold 900 fine is of the value
per grain .03876.
To YOBEMITE— A. G., City. The distance from
Stockton to Yosemite via Milton is 105 miles.
Toll is for passengers $1 each; freight teams,
two animals. $2 50; four animals, $3 5O- V sir
animals, $4 50; horsemen $1, and pack ani
mals, 50 cents each.
Le Premier Pas— H. W., Oakland, Cal. The
French expression "II ny ague le premier pas
gui coute" is said to have been first used by
Mme. Deffend, and Voltaire published the say
ing as a note to one of his plays. Its meaning
is, "It is only the first step that costs."
Railroad Fares— a. F. S., City. At one time
the City Railroad Company, whose line ran
along Mission street and was known as "Wood
ward's Line," tickets were sold at the rate of
5 cents, at another time six for 25 cents and
then again at the rate of eight for 25 cents.
Chatjtauqua— City. Chautauqua
is pronounced as if written Sha-taw-kwa. For
full information regarding the college there
address John H. Daniles, executive secretary,
Buffalo, N. V., inclosing a stamp and self-ad
dressea envelope. Apply to the same source
for information about books.
818TEBS of Charity— C, Elk, Cal. In the life
of the late Archbishop Hughes, by John R. G.
Hassard, a very complete work, It does not ap
pear that the Archbishop offered the services
of the Sisters of Charity for military hospitals
during the war, or that he received a letter
from President Lincoln thanking Him for such
service.
Gold— N. D. M., Agnews, Cal. In 1893 the
United States produced gold valued at $35,
-953,000 and in 1894 $39,761,205. The value
of gold minted at the United States mints in
1893, $30,038,140; in 1894, $43,933,475.
The total amount of coinage of gold since the
first mint was established in 1792 is $1,732,
-552,323. * '
Mission-street Line— T. k., City. The work
of changing the Mission-street line from a
horsecar line to an electric one was com
menced in December, 1892. The electric line
was opened in September, 1894. The work of
alteration was interrupted lor a long time by
reason of the construction of a sewer in Mis
sion street. ,
Red Schoolhottse— N. P., City. The expres
sion, "Little red schoolhouse," derives its ori
gin from the fact that the first free school was
one in a log cabin painted red to distinguish
it. For many years parties that hare been in
favor of keeping the common school separate
have used the expression, "Remember tne lit
tle red schoolhouse."
Mineral Lands— G. S. P.. Isleton, Cal. This
department has not the space to devote to the
many questions asked in regard to laws about
mineral lands. You should appl~ -to the
nearest land office, wnich will be aoie to fur
nish all the information desired, and the effect
of all the latest land office rulings in regard to
such lands and the taking up of claims.
Alumikttm— S., Kenwood, Cal. Aluminum
sells at from 90 cents to $1 25 per pound, ac
cording to grade. The tensile strength of
aluminum is twelve tons to the square inch. |
The tensile strength of steel increases, in from
one to six reheatings and rollings, from 43.904
to 60.824. A cubic foot of aluminum weighs i
162 pounds and of steel 493. There Is a place I
on the Pacific Coast where aluminum can be
had in unlimited quantities.
Dajtcei. Boons— Constant Reader, City. Dan
iel Boone was born in Bucks County, Pa., Feb- j
ruary 11, 1735, and died in Missouri September I
26, IS2O. His parents on reaching this coun- j
try joined the Society of Friends. One biog
rapher says "Boone was not a member of any
church, but a believer in Christianity and a
strictly temperate, moral man." Another
biographer says: "Of no professed creed, his
nature was sincerely religious, and in the vast
solitudes of the West he numbly reverenced a
bounteous Creator^
Can Register— C., City. If you were born
in this country, in San Francisco, and that
City was your home until 1893, when you
went East, then to Europe and then returned
to this City last month with the intention of
remaining here, you are , entitled to be regis
tered so as to vote at the next election, pro
vided that at the time you left San Francisco j
It was your intention to return here, and that
while absent you did not do anything that
made you a citizen of another country. The
law of this State says that "a person must not
be considered to have lost his residence who
leaves his home to go into another State, or
precinct in this State, for temporary purposes
merely, with the intention of returning."
Fink and iKPßisoxuxNT— J. T. , City. In Cali
fornia the law in regard to fine and imprison- !
ment is as follows: If the judgment is for '
■ line alone execution may Issue as on a judg
ment in civil actions. If for imprisonment or
a fine and imprisonment until it be paid the
defendant must forthwith be committed to the
custody of the proper officer and by him de
tained until the judgment is complied with.
The judgment that a defendant pay a fine may
also direct ' that he be imprisoned until the
fine be satisfied, specifying the extent of im
prisonment, which must not exceed one day
for every dollar of the fine. If the judgment
reads that "the defendant pay a fine of 8500
and be imprisoned for a period of three
months" the defendant, after the expiration of
three months, would have to be released.
Tros— J. X., City. Tne following table shows
the horsepower, length and breadth of the sev
eral tugs named; also where and when they
were built:
*
Name.
—
■
3
I
S "ft
c ?
5. •
1 1!
? ? i
r If
: ! 3
26 350
22.5 150
SI 360
20' 40
26 450
US 350
28 300
38 450
earless...
CMTe.....
lull ant...
.1ert......
l on»rch . .
ea King.,
;eacue
e»Que«D.
San Francisco
San Franelaco
Philadelphia..
Rec1c1a. .......
San Francisco
San Francisco
San Francisco
san raricisco
189-2 153
188H lUO
1886 107
1835 86.2
1875 109
1883 119
1876 104
1888 100.5
,«J55 ln . dlc * ted horsepower of the Fearless is
1200; e the o Active.4oo; the Vigilant, 580, and
Piskhton-M. 8., City. Yes. there was
"■ucb a man as Pinkerton, the detective."
His name was Allan Pinkerton, born in the
Gorbals, Glasgow, Scotland, August 25, 1819.
fli* father was a sergeant of the police force of
Glasgow. He learned the cooper's trade, mar
ried Joan Carfrae of Edinburgh, Scotland, and
in 1842 went to Montreal, Canada, to avoid
imprisonment for advocating Chartist prin
ciple*. From there he went to Chicago. His
first detective work was the running ,down,?
a gang of counterfeiters on Bogus Island, 111.
In recognition of this service he was made
Deputy Sheriff Of Kane County, 111., in 1846.
He after that gained a great reputation as a
capturer of counterfeiters and horsetbieves
He wsR sent for and made a Deputy Sheriff of
Cook County, same State, In 1850 he was ap
pointed to the police force of Chicago, and was
made its only detective. After that he was
appointed special agent for the rostomce
Department. He discovered and frustrated
the great conspiracy to assassinate Abraham
Lincoln on nis way to the White House to be
inaugurated. In recognition of this service he
was appointed chief of the Secret Service
Bureau that was created during the early part
of the war and he served as "Major Allen of
General McClellan's staff. He broke up many
gangs of desperate criminals and among the
many acts in which he was engaged was the
breaking up of the Mollie Maguires and the
recovery of large sums of money carried away
by baDk robbers. Subsequently he entablinhed
his detective bureau and educated his two
sons. William A. and Robert A., to the busi
ness. He died July 1, 1884, in Chicago.
The Presidency— R., Calico, Cal. The twelfth
amendment to the constitution of the United
States, the organic law for the election of the
President of the United States, after declaring
how the electors shall vote by ballot for Presi
dent and Vice-President and how their ballots
shall be sent to the seat of Government di
rected to the President of the Senate, it says :
"The President of the Senate sha.'. , in the
presence of the Senate and House of Repre
sentatives, open all the certificates and tbe
votes shall then be counted, the person having
the greatest number of votes for President,
shall be the- President, if ench number be a
majority of the whole number of elector* ap
pointed; and if no person have such majority,
then from the persons having the highest num
ber, not exceeding three on the list of
those voted for as President, the House of Rep
resentatives shall choose immediately by ballot
the President. But in choosing the President
the votes shaH be taken by States, the repre
sentation from each State having one vote; a
quorum for this purpose shall consist of a
member or members irom two-thirds of the
fctates, and a majority of all the States shall be
necessary to a choice. And If the House of
Representatives shall not choose a President
whenever the right of choice shall devolve
upon them before the 4th day of March next
following then the Vice-President shall act as
President." If Congress had passed laws ex
actly prescribing the method of verification of
the votes of electors for President and Vice-
President the operation of countine would
have been merely mechanical. On February
3, 1887, the Pr sident approved an act o"f
Congress governing the electoral count.
Its provisions require the electors to
meet in their respective Sta'.es on the
second Monday in January following their
election and to cast their votes. Any contest
regarding their election must be decided at
least six days before, as provided by the State
laws. Three lists of the electors, certified to
by the executive of tbe State, are to be pre
pared and to be handed to the electors, to ac
company their list of votes. Congress is to be
in session on the second Wednesday in Feb
ruary to be present at the opening of the cer
tificates. Objections to the reception of a re
turn must be in writing, signed by one mem
ber of each House. Where objection is made
to the only lawful return of a State, that re
turn can be rejected only by the concurrent
vote of both Houses. If there was no contest
within the State, and two or more returns are
received, that signed by the executive shall be
counted unless rejected by the concurrent vote
of both Houses.
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street.
•—• — ♦ — •
! A nice present— To California Glace
.fruit, 50c. lb., in Jap baskets. 627 Market. •
» ■»—•» — •
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
— » ♦ — »
All classes and conditions of society will be
gratified to learn that Putzman <fc Schnrman
have the exclusive coast agency of the famous
"Golden Gate" brand of Kentucky whisky.
Their Prussian Stomach Bitters cure all stom
ach and nervous troubles. 341 Pine, corner
Montgomery, telephone, red, 391. •
« ♦ »
When I marry, 1 hope my husband will
die young— l want to be a widow.
He— How barbarous! How cruel!
She— don't worry, it won't be your
funeral.— Truth.
i ■
Are lou Going East?
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa Fe
route — is the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence of
alkali dust. Particularly adapted for the trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and moaern npholstered tourist sleeplng
rarm which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving* at a seasonable hour and in.
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tick
et office, 644 Market street, Chronicle building.
Telephone, Main 1531.
Northern Pacific Railroad.
Parties attending the Democratic National Con
vention at Chicago, the Christian Endearorers at
Washington and National Educational Associa
tion at Buffalo should go or return via the North
ern Pacific Railroad. For particulars inquir* of
T. K. tetateler, Gen. AgU, 638 Market su, S. X
By adding 20 drops of Dr. Siegert's Angostura
Bitters to every glass diseases from drinking pollu
ted water are avoided.
» ♦ — •
Begin- to useAyer** Hair Vigor now, and by
the next Fourth of July your hair will be "a
thing of beauty."
If afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Kye Water. I/rnguists sell it at 25 cents.
HEALD'S
Business College,
24 Post St, San Francisco.
THE LEADING COMMERCIAL SCHOOL
west of Chicago. Book keep Ing, penmanship,
business practice, shorthand (Pitman, Graham,
Eclectic), typewriting, telegraphy, modern lain
guages, English branches and everything pertain-
ing to a business education rapidly taught.
Department of Electrical Engineering In success-
; ful operation.
Individual instruction. 20 teachers. Night bps-
sions in all departments. Students can com-
mence at any tlm-. Thousands of graduates In
positions. Write for catalogue.
THE OAKLAND SEMINARY,
ESTABLISHED 1858. 623 ELEVENTH BT,
XH cor. Clay. Mrs. M. K. Blake, Principal; J. rx
Adams, A.M.. master: Mary K. Allen. A.B.rpre-
cepiress. Best of accommodations for boarding or
day pupils. Includes from kindergarten to uni-
versity work. .None but teachers of large caltnra
and experience. Special attention to Art, Music,
Oratorical Work, Physical Culture and Deport-
ment. A safe and pleasant home school.
THE LYCEUn.
PREPARATORY SCHOOL FOR THE CXI-
-L versity. Law and Medical Colleges. Admission
on recommendation. Many students have been
successfully prepared at this school. Dar and
evening sessions. References, President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phel»n building, Nos.
333-335. PROF. L. U. ORAL", Principal, late of
Stanford University.
TRHITY SCHOOL (FOUNDED 1876).
BOARDING AND DAY -SCHOOL FOB BOYB
and young men. Prepares for university and
college. Boarders limited to 35. Accredited
school with the universities. Easter term opens
Monday, August 3.
■ REV. DR. E. B. SPALDINO. Rector.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
■HOARDING AND DAT SCHOOL FOR YOUNG
' ladies. Primary and Kindergarten for Children.
A Carriage will call. Next session will begin on
Monday. August 3. Address - •■ -
XXV. K. B CHPRCH, A.M.. 1036 Valencia st.
MISS UAMLIN'S SCHOOL AND VAN NESS
Seminary, a boarding and day school for
girls under the direction of MISS SARAH D
HAMLINand MRS. EDNA S>:KLL POULSON
Fall term opens Wed., Aug. 5. All departmental
I kindergarten to college preparatory. all or writ«
for par: iculars. 1849 Jackson st. . San Francisco.
$ "We will Leave it Entirely
>J"fek * n your hands." If yoa purchase a
ma. Jf^. Heiicui.es Gas or Gasolixk En-
Jr K3^» QIX . K . «=d ifit does not do all wesar
tin hands." If you purchase a
HERcrtES Gas ob Gasolixk En-
a i n k, and if i t does not do al 1 we say
it will, you can retorn it at our ex-
Ifca pense. Send for Catalogue and Price
W American Type Founders' Co.
*- 405-407 Sansome Street
BanPxaaclBCo.Cal.SEEN BY SOUTHERN EYES
/\ Curious School History of the Urxited
States by a Gor\federate .
"DLHRY OF Jl PECULIAR GIRL," BY J? .NEW OTTJiOR
Arv UnknoWn Writer Contributes Pictures of Upper English Society in
a Vein flbote the Mediocre, Under the Title, "A
» JoucH of SorroW"
For some years past there have been heard
from various quarters in the Southern States a
demand for a school history that would give a
Southern view of the war between the States.
This demand may have arisen from a real de
sire on the part of the Southern people for
such a history, or it may have been worked up
by some Southern publishing-house that de
sired a contract for supplying such a book.
Whatever may have been the cause of the de
mand, it has at last been gratified. We have
received the complete advance sheets of the
book, which was written by the Rev.
John W. Jones, D.D.. and bears the title "A
School History of the United States."
Mr. Jones, who served during the war as a
chaplain of the Army of Northern Virginia,
and was later a chaplain of the University of
Virginia and secretary of the Southern Histor
ical Society, is the author of several works and
holds quite a high rank in Southern litera
ture. In this work, however, he makes no
attempt at literary excellence. The history is
evidently intended for primary classes. It is
divided Into short paragraphs, dealing with
the events of our history in the order of
their occurrence, and no attempt is made to
connect the paragraphs in any literary se
quence. They simply follow one another like
dates in an almanac. At the close of each
chapter there follows a series of questions for
the use of teachers in making examinations.
The Southern character of the book is shown
In many ways. Nine pages are given to an
account of the settlement of Virginia alone,
and only six to the settlement of all the New
England States. Four pages and a half are de
voted to a biography of Jefferson Davis, and
only one to an account of Lincoln. As a mat
ter of course the right of secession is asserted,
and the whole course of the war is treated from
a Southern standpoint. There is, however, no
attempt to inculcate any hostility to the
Union as it now exists, nor is there any un
fairness in the statements made of the events
of the war or the causes which lei to it.
It was, of course, to be expected that the
South would tell her side of the war story and
give her view of its causes, and it is moreover
very natural In Southern people to desire that
their children should learn history as they
themselves understand it. It is hardly likely,
however, that the present work will be pleas
ing, even to the South. The author is evi
dently too old a mar and lives too much in
the past to deal rightly with the great issue.
A good school history of the Republic is cer
tainly very much needed. Neither the North
nor the West, any more than the South, has
one that it can be proud of. Whichever sec
tion produces one will be a benefactor to all,
but it must be a National and not a sectional
history. There is no more need in the South
ern schools for a Southern history than there
is in the nonconformist schools of England
for a Puritan history of the days of Cromwell.
[Baltimore: R. H. Woodward Company.]
The Tr.uch of Sorrow.
The identity of the author of this story,
which deals with the English upper classes, is
not revealed, but "The Touch of Sorrow" is
a study from Hie doubtless, by some woman
in society. The book possesses more. merit
than the average novel of the day; there is
nothing unwholesome about it; its perusal
cannot be altogether unprofitable, and the
book will be laid down at the close of the story
with satisfaction. Stella Morecombe is "The
Study." As a child she has lived a curiously
solitary life, undisturbed by any deep emo
tions. Her mother is dead ; her father's life is
daily taken up with the cause of science, and
she is brought up by her governess, who only
succeeds in winning from her pupil an easy
tolerance in place of affection. It was her pe
culiar gift that she knew when she was happy ;
her peculiar difficulty that she feared sorrow
intensely. She was impatient with any one
in the world who was not as radiant as
herself and resented the faintest shadow
thrown across her path. Her happiness is un
alloyed in love-making and marriage.
Trouble comes to branches of her family, but
scenes of funereal woe create in her a strange
unnatural repulsion. Her heart seems stony
and there is worrier at her callousness. Many
who loved her love her no more. Then Stella
becomes a mother and she adores her babe.
Death takes her little one away and in her
depth of woe Stella lifts her voice and heart
to heaven. At last God seems to take the
horror of loneliness away. Over the flower
decked grave of the babe the fond ones of
old are clasped in love and tears and all old
wounds are healed. "Death was there. and
birth also, for Stella felt dimly that a new soul
had come to her and to those who stood about
her its radiance was visible in her face." —
[New York: Henry Holt & Co. For sale by
I».>dge Book and Stationery Company; price
*1] -
The Diary of a Peculiar Girl.
This Is a new book by a new — George
Austin Woodward. It is written in a fairly
bright style, though there hardly appears
within its. pages sufficient of incident, start
ling or otherwise, to merit its length. Indeed,
the whole book could well be condensed into
a breezy sketch of a few thousand words.
The "peculiar" girl In the book acts to us
very much after the pattern of any other
young feminine person. Those whom she ad
mires she characterizes as "nice"— the others
are "horrid." She drives, reads, frolics and
diarizes in a precisely similar way to hundreds
of her class and circumstances. She also pro
tests vigorously against the embraces of a
young masculine acquaintance, wherein, per
haps, she may not resemble other '"peculiar"
girls, though this may be a libel on them.
The "Diary of a Peculiar Girl" will serve to
pass an idle hour during the summer vacation.
[Buffalo, N. V. : The Peter Paul Book Com
pany, 420 Main street.]
Checked Through.
Richard Henry Savage has written a story of
the detective order relating to New York City
life, in "Checked Through— Missing, Trunk
No. 17580." It is issued in the Rialto Series,
No. 73. Some flashlight views of darkest Tam
many are given, and the reader's interest is
kept up throughout The story has much to
do with metropolitan police and their meth
ods, and a striking part is played by a million
airess detective. The nature of the plot may
be judged from these cogitations of a chief of
police, at the close of the tale: "In thirty
years of police life. l've tried to find out why
the innocent often suffer in place of the guilty,
and I have failed to find the answer, either In
the codes or in the counsels of the wise. There
is something strange in the uselessness of
crime; something awful in the terrible rush
ing tide of temptation; something mockingly
cruel in the final frultlessness of evil deeds.
But for cold heartlessness, for crafty brutality,
for a devilish unpitying wickedness," give me
always the educated man or woman who goes
wrong. There's no limit to. their fiendish
nt'ss." [Chicago: Rand, McNally & Co., pub
lishers. For sale at the bookstores; price 50
cents.]
An Army Wife.
The works of Captain Charles King are al
ways awaited with interest by a large circle of
readers. Hi* latest contribution to American*
literature, "An Army Wife," is a real love
story, fashioned from the intrigues of women,
and set in the severe military life of a Western
fort. While not the best of Captain King's
works it is very readable and fully sustains
the reputation of the author. If we want to
know how they live; how they act, talk, make
love and retail gossip in a frontier military
fort, a perusal of "An Army Wife" will furnish
the desired information. [New York: F. Ten
nyson Neely. For sale at the bookstores.]
JiNXT'S COMING HOME.
Guess yon knew it by my face-
By the roses round the place;
By the birds in blossoms sweet;
By the violets at my feet;
By the whispers o' the May —
Jenny's coming home to-day 1
Jenny's coming home: O birds!
' Match your music with her words!
Winds from windows o' the west,
Toss her bright curia to my breast!
Blue skies bend above her way —
Jenny's coming home to-day!
Wish the weary time would go
Faster than a river's flow;
Every hour's my enemy
1 ill her lovely face I see !
Only this I siny or say:
Jenny's coining home to-day!
'■Jenny's coming home!" It seems
Like a song I've heard in dreams:
Like a faint, far, soothing note
From an unseen thrush's throat!
All the pipes o' morning play :
Jenny's coming home to-day !
Jenny's coming home! Her eyes
Make the sunlight in life's skies:
Wealth I woo not— fame may flee
When her dear arms necklace me!
Sweetest music o' the May-
Jenny's coming home to-day!
Frank L. Staktos in Atlanta Constitution.
The Dancer in Yel ow.
Another novel for summer reading is "The
Dancer in Yellow," by W. E. Norris, issued in
Appleton's Town and Countiy Library. The
heroine is Daisy Villlers, a queen of burlesque,
who is married in secret to Frank Coplestone,
a younger son of a British nobleman. Frank
begs the girl to quit the stage and assume the
name to which she is entitled, but Daisy
laughs the idea to scorn. She can't find it in
her blood to leave the stage while she is able
to win the plaudits of admiring audiences
and the e>pecial praise of lordly people. Mean
time Frank's boyish passion cools and he
is the object of attentions from a beautiful
widow, who has been engaged to a de
! ceased brother of Daisy's husDand. This
! brother's death brings Frank into line for
| his father's title and estates, and suddenly
the father's demise makes Frank Lord Cople
stone. The latter even then is faithful to the
dancer in yellow. She breaks down, and it is
j then that, with a spirit comparable, in a way,
j to that which existed in the breast of the
I humble " 'Ostler Joe," the lord takes Daisy
| Villiers to his home, where she dies as
Lady Coplestone. It need hardly be said
that Daisy hud outlived her reputation, and
she was glad to die in order that greater
happiness might come to Coplestone In a wiser
marriage, and that the title of his house might
receive no stain from her. The widow before
alluded to befriends Daisy in her last hours,
and afterward succeeds to the title of Lady
Coplestoue. Lord and lady then keep gay with
waving daffodils the grave of the Dancer in
Yellow. [New York: D. Appleton <fc Co. For
sale Dy Doxey ; price 50 cents.]
The Strry of Cuba.
There is little either of novelty or of value in
this book, by Murat Halstead. It appears to
have been compiled from clippings taken from
newspapers of recent date which are yet fresh
in the minds of those who have followed the
various phases of the Cuban trouble in the
public press. The author has acted as corre
spondent of various daily journals at the seat
of war and hence may be supposed to have
gathered considerable Information regarding
the situation. The somewhat pompous dec
laration of Mr. Halstead that he enjoys "the
confidence of the Cubans" and the "candid
expression of their interpretation of events"
scarcely justifies the presentation ot a mere
scrapbook of clippings. Nor is his "sense of
duty to the veracity of history" any further
apoloey for his work. [Chicago: The Werner
Company.]
Paimos.
This unveiling or interpretation of the Book
'. of Revelation is one of considerable value to
i the student of theology, to whatever denomin
ation he may belong. The work has been done
| and admiraDly by Rev. Charles Beecher, the
| author of several works of a like character.
The author in an interesting manner deals
j with the Apocalypse of St. John, treating of
the environment of the apostle, the character
j of the vision and the literalness of the symbols
in the light of history, altogether a work that
will commend itself to theologians as casting
much lieht upon disputed questions in that
most difficult of scriptural subjects, the Book
j of Revelation. [Boston: Lee <t Shepara. For
sale in this City by William Doxey; price
$1 50.]
Isaac Pitnnn Shorthand.
The publishers of the Isaac Pitman system
of shorthand, always notably to the fore in in
creasing their already large library of phono
graphic works, have just published a new edi
tion of their "Teacher." As in the case of
many other things British, American students
of the art of brief writing were loth to take
hold of the new importation, preferring to ex
pand their energies upon some system which
promised a fabulous rate of speed at the end
of one week or one fortnight's study. The ex
perience of older shorthand writers, however,
has demonstrated that all such mushroom sys
tems were valueless and totally Incapable of
producing even fair results. Some three years
ago Clarence Pitman, a nephew of the vener
able Sir Isaac, was sent out to New York to es
tablish a branch of the London and Bath es
tablishments. To-day the Isaac Pitman system
is recognized by the public schools of New
York and in other large cities.
The Teacher mentioned previously costs 20
cents and can be heartily recommended to
those wishing to pursue a fascinating study
which has stood the attacks of more than half
! a century of time and which will prove both
useful and remunerative to the student. [New
York: Isaac Pitman & Sons; the Phonographic
Depot, 33 Union Square. For sale by all book
stores.]
Lady Val's E opment.
No. 183 (July issue) of Lippincott's Select
j Novels contains John Biekerdyke's society
novel, "Lady Val's Elopement." A long series
of painful misunderstandings in love affairs
end as happily as a day in June. The book is
in two parts, and the reader is given diversion
from the discords in London's upper circles by
the introduction into the story of an anarch
ists' club, intent on rich ting the wrongs of the
world and incidentally destroying all the rich
people. The story is interesting and mikes
pood reading for the summer vacation. [Phil
adelphia: J. B. Lippincott «fc Co., publishers.
Pr^ce 50 cent"-.]
A Stumbl^r in Wide Shoes.
In the Protean Series, No. 6, the latest noiel
Is "A Stumbler in Wide Shoes." The hero is
Rupert Van Hals, a Dutch artist, and the story
is one of temptation and self-sacrifice. The
scenes are laid in Holland and England. There
j are some strong scenes in the book. [New
York: Henry Holt & 00., publishers. For
sale by Dodge Book and Stationery Company;
i price $I.J
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
THE
UNIVERSAL PRAYER
It is perhaps not generally known that the great .
French astronomer and scientific popnlarlzer,
Flammarion, loves from time to time to pene
trate* beneath "the outside of things" and to seek:
the soul of nature. In bis scientific romance,
"Cranle," occur many beautiful, true and , highly
poetic allusions of this kind; but In a collection of
his writings on various natural subjects entitled,
"In Heaven and Earth" (Dans le del et sur ie
Terre), we find a little chapter so profoundly
charming and unlike the ordinary works of "on
devont astronomers" that we may be excused for
translating it for the benefit of our readers. It is
headed "The Universal Prayer."
One summer's evening I had quitted the ■
flowery slopes of Saute Adresse, a delicious
marine villa hung upon the hammock of the
hills, to mount westward the heights of Cape
Heve. When one looks at these heights from
the loot of the cliffs one imagines colossuses of
atone reddened by the sun, motionless giants
who are present as petrified witnesses, at the
formidable movements of the sea, and who
feel them dying at their feet. These enormous
masses, inaccessible from the shore, alone ap
pear worthy of dominating the grand specta
cle. Beside them, as when near the sea, man
seems so small that be soon loses sight of his
own existence and feels himself united with
the mingled life which hovers over the sound
of the waves.
I had mounted gradually to the Higher
level, where the signals stand to announce to
far-off ships the hourly movement of the tides
upon the shore, where the light kindles at the
coming of the night like a fixed star upon the
dark immensity. The glorious orb of day was
still suspended, glowing in the clouds of pur
ple. • • • Above, the blue sky crowned me
with its purity. Below, the heather, peopled
with active insects, raised its couch of per- •
fumes. I walked to the scarped edge, at "he
bottom ot which yawns the abyss. At the edge
of the vertical bluff the eye dominates the im
mensity of the sea, which* extends to the left,
from southeast to northwest, and if it looks
down perpendicularly the sight is lost in the
depth of the green escarpment of the rocks
and brushwood, a rourh carpet, spread at three
hundred feet below this rampart. The roar of
the waves barely mounts to here, and the ear
only perceives a uniform sound, of which the
•wind sustains the murmuring intensity.
It is a silence, this far-off chant of the sea.
Nature was attractive to the last adieu which
the prince of light was giving to the world be
fore descending from his throne and disap
pearing under tne liquid horizon. Calm And
reflective, she was assisting at the universal
prayer of the creatures; for they were praying
their holy orison of thankfulness as they re
ceived the last glance of the good sun; all,
from the soft and solitary medusa, from the
starfish with his purple fringe, up to the chirp
ing grasshoppers, up to the snow-halcyon, all .
were thanking Him piously.
And it" was like incense rising from the
waves and mountains, and it seemed as if the
tempered rumbling on the shore, the breeze
. which blew from the continent, the embalmed
atmosphere, the light dying into the serenity
of the blue, the cooling of the ardors of the
day, as if all things in this place had con
sciousness of their existence, and participated
with love in that universal adoration.
To that holocaust of the earth was united In
my thoughts the attractions of the spheres,
not only those which bring near or draw away
our globe from the run's center, but 'again the '
sympathies of all the stars gravitating in the
immensity of the, heavens. Above my head
were extended the sublime harmonies and the
gigantic movements of the celestial bodies.
The earth was becoming an atom floating in
the infinite. But lrom that atom to all the
suns of space, to those whose light takes mil
lions of years to reach us, to - those which lie
unknown, beyond human ken, 1 felt an invisi
ble bond attaching in the unity of a single
creation all the universes and all the minds.
And the immense prayer of the immeasurable
heaven had its echo, its strophe, its visible
representation in that of the terrestrial life
which vibrated around me, in the sound of the
sen, in the perfumes of the shore, in the last
note of th' 3 bird in the woods, in the confused
melody of insects, in the moving assemblage of
that scene, and above all in 'the admirable
illumination of that twilight
I looked. But I was so small In the midst
of that rendering of thanks that the grandeur
of the spectacle overcame me. I felt my per
sonality vanish before the immensity of na
ture. Very soon it seemed to me that I could
neither speak nor think. The vast sea ex
tended infinitely. I no longer existed, and my
eyes were covered with a veil. I gazed with
out seeing, lost upon the mountain. The sea
fled into infinity, and the creatures continued
their prayer.
And the sun, source of that light and of
that life, looked for the last time above the
• horizon of the seas, ana when he had received
that homage of all the creatures, which none
among them had thought ol refusing, he ap
peared satisfied with: that day, and descended
gloriously toward the hemisphere of the other
peoples.
Then a great silence took place in nature.
Clouds of purple and gold flew toward the
royal couch and hid the last blushing gleams.
The waves were- soothed.-for the wind which
sw~:pt them upon the beach had fallen/ The
little winged beings went to s'.eep, and the
star, forerunner of the evening, kindled in the
ether.
"O mysterious Unknown!" cried I; "great
Being— immense Being I who are we then? Su
preme authority of harmony, who, then, art
thou, if thy work is so great? Poor human
mites who think they know thee. OGod! O .
God! Atoms— nothings! How small we are!
How little we are ! .
"How great thou art! Who then dared to
name thee for the first time! Who is then the
proud madman who for the first' time pro
tended to define thee! O.God! 0 my God!
all powerfulness and all tenderness, sublime
and unfathomable immensity!
"And what name to give those who have de
nied you, to those who do not believe in you,
to those who live without a thought of you, to
those who never felt your presence, O Father
of Nature. ,3E@g|
"O, I love thee, I love thee! sovereign and
unknown cause. Being whom no human
speech can name, I love you, O divine princi
ple! but I am so small that I know not if you
hear me."
As these thoughts rushed out of my soul to
Join the great affirmation of entire nature,
some clouds withdrew from the sunset and the
golden cadence of the enlightened regions in
undated the mountain.
"Yes! Thou ' nearest ' me, O Creator! Thou
who gives to the little flower of the fields its
beauty and its perfume. The voice of the
ocean does not drown mine, and my thought
rises to thee, O my God! with -the prayer of
all."
From the top of the promontory my sight ex
tended to the south ' like to the west, over the
plain like over the sea. Turning I perceived
the human cities half hidden upon the shore.
All Havre, the shopping streets were illu
minated and, further on, upon the opposite
side, at Trouville. the car of pleasure lighted
up its lanterns. ."'-,
And while nature had recognized herself be
fore God to salute the mission of one of his
faithful stars; while all creatures had united
their prayers, and the roaring flood of the seas
• joined with the evening breeze its movements
of thanks at the end of that beautiful day;
while the created work, unanimous and
hushed, had offered itself to the Creator; the
creature, gifted with an immortal and respon
sible soul— the privileged being of creation—
the representative of thought— man— lived
apart, heedless of these splendors, having eyes
to see not, ears to hear., not, seeming to ignore
that universal harmony in the bosom of which
-.he should find his happiness and his glory. "".!•
A STUDY OF THE SOUL
JKe Sarv Francisco Book or\ "Reir\carr\a-
tior\" Reaches a Fourth Edition
PJI.N-RUSSIJI.N EX.HIBITIO.N JIT JYM.NI .NOVGOROD
"Jhe Life and Distinguished Services of the Hon. William JYlcKinlevj,"
With prefaces bvj Ghauncey DepeW and
John Sherman
There has appeared a fourth edition of Dr.
Jerome A. Anderson's "Reincarnation," and
there has also been a German translation of
the work, all of which would seem 1 to prove
that there is a great deal of interest In the
subject treated by Dr. Anderson in this book.
As its name' implies, the work is one that treats
of that ever fascinating problem contained in
the queries, "Whence came I?" "Whither do I
go?"
There is no human being of intellectual
power sufficient to formulate these questions
who has not asked them. Christianity, as
taught to-day, deals with but one of the ques
tions, the latter, and with this in varying
ways, most of which are entirely unsatisfac
tory to a very considerable proportion of men
and women who are nominally Christians.
"Reincarnation is the only explanation for
both of these questions," says Dr. Anderson,
and he says it in a scientific, philosophical and
yet altogether interesting manner— and evi
dently believes it himself.
"We are born on this earth many, many
times," he says, and he argues it out upon that
line with a showing of much logic, and many
circumstances and analogies cited from known
laws of nature would seem to bear him. out.
"Life can only be explained philosophically
by reincarnation," says the author, and it may
be noted in passing that some of the greatest
sa?es the world has known have held the same
belief. When they brought the blind man to
Jesus they asked him if the man were born
blind for some sin of his own or for his parents'
sin. "And how could hp be born blind for a
fault of his own if he had not previously ex
isted?" ask these latter-day believers in the
very ancient teaching of reincarnation.
The introductory chapters of Dr. Anderson's
book are devoted to the -'nature and origin of
the soul" and the presentation of pnysiologi
cal evidence in support of the existence of the
soul. That the boot has gone through three
editions and now appears in the fourth speaks
emphatically for its human interest, at least.
[Reincarnation: A Study of the Human Soul
in Its Relation to Rebirth, Evolution, Post
mortem States, the Compound Nature of Men,
Hypnotism, etc., by Jerome A. Anderson, M. D.,
F.T.S. The Lotus Publishing Company, 1170
Market street, San Francisco, and 144 Madison
avenue, New York. Price $1 50.]
WHEN \\K ABE PARTED.
When we are parted let me lie
In some far corner of thy heart.
Silent, and from the world apart,
.Like a forgotten melody:
Forgotten of the world beside.
Cherished by one, and one alone,
For some loved memory of its own;
Bo let me in thy heart abide
When we are parted.
When we are parted, keep for ma
The sacred stillness of the night; -
That hour, sweet love, Is mine by right;
Let others claim the day of tbee !
The cold world sleeping at our feet, '
My spirit shall discourse with thine—
When stars upon thy pillow shine, '
. At thy heart's door I stand and beat.
Though we are parted.'
Hamilton Aids.
The Pan-Russian Exhibition.
We are In receipt of the comprehensive
guide-book of the Pan-Russian Exhibition of
1896 at Nijni Novgorod, issued under the di
rection of the Imperial Commission. The
book of 240 pages is replete with information
concerning not only the fair but the town and
the country about it, and contains some very
interesting historical sketches accompanied
by appropriate illustrations by Russian artists.
The Nijni Novgorod exhibition buildings will
cover an area of 230 acres, somewhat larger
than that of the Paris Exposition of 18S9.
This Russian fair will probably be an astonish
ing revelation to the world at large, as it will
demonstrate what wonderful progress the
Czar's people have made since 1882, when the
last Pan-Russian Exhibition was held In Mos
cow. The guide-book gives , a retrospective
glance over what has been achieved in the em
pire during the thirteen peaceful years of the
reign of the predecessor of the recently
crowned ruler of all the Russias. [St. Peters
burg: Edward Hopre. publisher; Issued by
order of the Ministry of Finance.]
Life of MeKiniey.
i The Whitaker '& Ray Company of this City
have published a small work dealing with "The
Life and Distinguished Services of the Hon Wil-.
liam McKinley, and the Great Issues of 1896."
The book deals with the subject in a compre
hensive manner, and the same is introduced
by short prefaces by Chauncey M. Depew and
Hon. John Sherman.- Quite a considerable
portion oi the essay is taken up by the domes
tic lifeNof the Republican nominee for Presi
dent. There is also included a sketch of Gar
ret A. Hobart, the nominee for Vice- President.
The price of the book is $1 50.
The Century for July.
The opening article in the July number of
the Century is by Marion Crawford, the third
of his papers on Rome. It is devoted to "St.
Peter's" and is fully illustrated by Castaigne.
Mr. Crawford, who knows his Rome by heart,
gives his first impressions of St. Peter's, the
reveries in the crypt, and describes the funeral
of Pius IX, the music of St. Peter's and the
sculpture and painting in the cathedral. The
contents of ' tie number also include a number
of topics prominent in the public mind. There
if. the third and concluding paper. by James
Bryce, giving his impressions oi South Africa
from a recent visit. This takes up the rela
tions between the Boers and the Uitlanders
that led to the Jameson raid. A glimpse of the
disputed territory of Venezuela, with an
account of the Guiana natives, the white
settlers and the gold workings, is given by
W. Nephew King. It is accompanied by
many illustrations. Apropos of the alleged
identification of Marshal Ney with a North
Carolina schoolteacher, there is printed a,
hitherto unpublished family record of the
marriage and execution of Ney by Mme. Cam
pan, who wrote the memoirs of Marie Antoi
nette, accompanied by an : introduction by a
relative of Mme. Ney, George Clinton Genet of
Greenbush, N. Y. "An Arctic Studio," an il
lustrated article by Frank '_ Wilbert Stokes, is a
description of the northernmost studio of the
world, established during the Peary expedi
tion. Mr. Stokes pictures with pen and brush
the charms of Arctic scenery and the oddities
of Esquimau life and character. .The frontis
piece of the number is a portrait of Bulo the
pianist, to accompany a paper of recollections
and anecdotes by one of his pupils, Bernard
Boekelm an, which places Bulow in ' a kindly
light before the public, emphasizing particu
larly his service to the art of music. - A novel
ette by W. D.Howells, an "Idyl of Saratoga,"
is begun, and there is a story of the Chinese
quarter of San Francisco by Chester Bailey
Fernald, entitled "The Pot of Frightful Doom."
Literary Notes.
Queen Margherita of Italy is about to pub
lish a book about her Alpine experiences.
Professor Rontgen's great-grandfather. was a
cabinet-maker, whose works were so famous
that Goethe alludes to them '- in his "New
Melusina," written in 1770.
Messrs. D. Apple ton & Co. are calling special
attention to ••Yekl: A Tale of the New York
Ghetto," a forthcoming work of ; fiction •in
which Abraham Cahan breaks virtually new
ground.
Messrs. Arnold & Co., Philadelphia, have in
press "Not Without Honor," a novel, by Wil
liam D. Moffat, whose name is already well
known to juvenile readers.
Smith, Elder & Co. of New York have in
preparation a new edition of Robert Brown
ing, edited by Augustine Birrell. The only
complete Browning now in the English market
cost over £4.
The German Empress has defrayed the ex
penses of a trip to Italy undertakeu by Jo
hanna Ambrosius, the now famous peasant
poet, for the benefit of her health. It is an
nounced that the sale of her volume of verses
continues unabated.
F. W. Bourdilion, in revising his edition of
"Aucassin and Nicolette," has collated the
text with the unique MS. at Paris, besides re
vising the translation and rewriting the intro
duction. In this edition there will be four
teen additions to the bibliography.
Mme. Cora di Brazza says that her forthcom
ing book, "A Literary Farce," will be pub
lished this month by the Are/ia Publishing
Company, and will be followed in the autumu
by "The American Idyl," a romance of the
Sierra Madre Mountains, from her pen.
Professor Cook of Yale has offered a prize of
i?SO for the best unpublished poem, of not
more than 100 lines, upon some subject con
nected with history or art, to be submitted on
or before May 15,1897. The competition is
open to all students of the university.
The Rev. Dr. William Elliot Griffis, who is
preparing a biography of the late Charles
Carleton Coffin, requests all who knew the
dead writer to aid him in his work by sending
him all material, such as anecdotes, reminis
cences, sayings, etc., to Ithaca, N. Y.
Mrs. Mabel Osgood Wright, author of "Bird
craft," has written for early publication by the
Macmillan Company a child's story, "Tommy-
Anne; or, The Three Hearts." It aims to give
children an acquaintance with Nature that
will develop into a life-long friendship.
Messrs. G. P. Putnam's Sons have in press
"Camping in the Canadian Rockies," by Wal
ter D. Wilcox, being an account of excursions
and explorations in the country near Banff
and Lake Louise and in the Selkirk Range.
Mr. Wilcox gives the main features of the ge
ology, botany, fauna and climatic conditions
of the mountains.
R. D. Blackmore is odfe of the oldest living
novelists. He has just celebrated his seventy
first birthday. George Macdonald is, however,
his senior, being 72. Among other English
novelists who are getting on in years are Mr.
Meredith and Mrs. Oliphant, who are each
68. Miss Braddon is 59, Walter Besant 58,
Ouida 56 and William Black 55.
Th c volume on "Burns" in the Famous Scots
Series will be from the pen ol "Gabriel Se
toun," whose "Braincraig," "Sunshine and
Haar" and ''Robert Urquhart" have given him
a deservedly high place in the ranks of Scot
tish writers. "Gabriel Be toun" is the norn de
plume of T. N. Hepburn, who, like another
Edinburgh writer of some note, J. Logic Rob
ertson, is a teacher.
"In a Conning Tower; or, How I Took H. M.
8. Majestic Into Action," by H. O. Amold-Fors
ter, M. P., is about to be reissued at sixpence
by the Messrs. Cassell of London. It has passed
through several editions in its more expensive
form, and translations have appeared in
French, Spanish and Italian. The new issue is
illustrated by W. H. Overend and will contain
a new preface by the au thor.
Admirers of the Chap Book, and their name
is legion, will be glad to welcome the bound
copy of the fourth volume of that publication,
which has just been issued by Herbert S. Stone
& Co. of Chicago. By seeing the Chap Book
in this shape one can gain a clearer and more
comprehensive view ot the alms and realiza
tions of the editors than can be had from the
single numbers. William Doxey has the Tol
ume for sale in this City.
The New Amsterdam Book Company an
nounces the following books for summer read
ing: "A Stable for Nightmares; or Weird
Tales," by Sheridan Le Fanu; "The Shadow of
Hilton Fernbrook," a romance of Maoriland,
by Atha Westbrook; "An Adirondack Ro
mance," by Caroline Washburn Rockwood,
and new editions of W. Clark Russell's "An
Ocean Free Lance," illustrated by Harry L. V.
Parkhurst, and "The Copsford Mystery."
When Rudyard Kipling was assistant editor
of the Pioneer, a leadincr paper in India, he
spent a vacation in Rajputana, and wrote for
its columns a vivid account of some of the old
Rajput cities under the title of "Letters of
Marque." According to the Athenaeum, they
were rcpublishea in pamphlet form, but with
drawn owing to some difference with regard to
the copyrights. This has now been amicably
settled, and the letters will probably be
brought out soon.
In connection with the prices at which some
early editions were disposed of at the sale of
the Crampon Library, last month. Critic says
it is worth recalling that the sum Milton re
ceived for "Paradise Lost, " a copy of the first
issue of which was sold for £90, was £5 ; and
for the "Vicar of Wakefleld," for which £63
was paid for a 1776 copy on the «ame day,
Goldsmith received £60. Longfellow, by the
way, received perhaps the largest sum ever
paid for a poem, $4000, for "The Hanging of
the Crane."
As the Westminster Gazette remarks, It was
a happy idea of John Murray to secure the
services of Byron's grandson, the Earl of Love
lace, for the editing of the definitive edition of
the poet's works which he is to publish. Lord
Lovelace is the son of Ada, whom Byron spoke
of as "the sole daughter of my house and
heart," and has always taken a great interest
in all that concerns his distinguished relative.
In addition to the new material collected for
many years by Mr. Murray, who is himself a
Byron expert, the edition will contain unpub
lished MSS. and letters contributed by the
editor from Lord Byron's correspondence wita
Lady Byron and other persons. Altogether,
the edition promises to be in every respect
worthy of the poet's fame and of tne historic
publishing-house with which he had such in
timate relations.
A Journalistic Error.
The poster design published on this page
June 21 last was erroneously labeled, "An
Original Design for a Modern Art Poster, by a
Call Artist." This was an error for which
The Call now desires to amend in every way
possible. The design in question was copied
almost directly and with but very slight
changes from the May Cosmopolitan. The
caption should have read, "Design for a Mod
ern Art Poster, from the Cosmopolitan for
May," and this line was set, but, unfortu
nately, and with no intention on the part of
the editors, was supplanted in the form by the
line published and which had been "standing"
for several weeks. TH£CALi,has no desire, nor
no need, to "pirate" any illustration or matter,
but aims always to present to its readers the
best attainable on that day and give credit
where credit is due.
Every man should read the advertisement of
Thomas Slater on page 11 of (him paper.
2324
THE MAN
WHO GERRIES A BIG
LANTERN
.NEVER GOES WITHOUT IT
May Be Looking for the JHonest
J»len — He Says the Lantern
Once SaVed the
Gountry
There is nothing particularly unusual
about the appearance of Frank Lawrence
the first time one sees him. He is only an
old man who hobbles slowly along the
streets, with a cane in one band and a
lantern in the other. But from the fact
that old "Frank" has carried that lantern
constantly for at least twenty years, he at
once becomes an unusual character.
Just when Frank struck San Erancisco
is something past finding out. He has
forgotten and most likely nobody else ever
knew, or cared for ihat matter. All that
is known about the old man is that he is
one of the landmarks of the vicinity oi
Clay and Kearny streets.
He has made that part of town his
headquarters for years and years, although
he eats and sleeps in ail manner of places.
Sometimes be has a room in one of the
alleys of Chinatown, but more often be
walks the streets during the hours that
the greater portion of the saloons are
closed.
But no matter where Frank may be he
always carries his lantern with him, day
and night, winter and summer. It is one
of the big olri-fnsbioned railroad lanterns
that belongs to toe era ol band-brakes and
uncomfortable traveling. The apparatus
is still in good order, although the glass
globe is cracked badly. It has been that
way for years, Frank says, and he never
expects to get another one for it. The
cracks don't make much difference,
though, because the lantern is never
lighted.
Where did Frank get the lantern, and
why does he carry it? are questions a per
con will naturally ask, but they are not
easy to answer. In fact, Frank is the only
person in the world who can answer them,
and he refused to do so except in a general
way.
Sometimes the loafers about the park
will chaff the old man about the lantern.
He takes it good-naturedly, until some
body makes a break to take ;t away from
him and then there is trouble. He fairly
boile with race and is ready to fight.
"Don't touch that lantern," he says. "It
saved the Union once and I will guard it
with the last drop of my blood."
But how, when or where the lantern
saved the Union be refuses to divulge.
Outride the Beaten Path-
HE EATS
ONLy FROGS AND
OYSTERS
.HE LIVES ON M SVWUAP
And f\z Has a J>et Theory That
J^o One Else in the World
KnoWs What Is Qood
to Eat
Joshua Lutton lives on the edge of the
marsh on the bay shore almost due east
from Redwood City. His borne is not a
pleasant one to look at, nor even to get
near for that matter. It is only a small
shanty, built of all sorts of odds and ends
of such stuff as he has managed to pick
up along the shore. But it is picturesque
in the extreme, and old Joshua is one of
t ha queerest men in the State.
Joshua says he is 85 years old, but he
doesn't look it, for he is as hale and
hearty a man as can be seen in a day's
journey. He is as straight as a ship's
mast and his complexion is ruddy with the
glow of health. He wears very little
clothes, but such as they are are not un
usual in any way. What is peculiar about
Joshua, though, is the food he eats, which
consists entirely of frogs and a few oysters.
The place that Joshua calls his home is
in about as unhealthy a spot as can be
found. The malarial exhalations of the
marsh fill the air for miles around, and
everything about his home is soaked with
the damp, clammy vapor. And yet he is
happy and healthy, and says he would not
live anywhere else if he could. He says
anybody can live where be does if they
j will live on the right kind of food. He is
; perfectly willing to talk about his diet, but
] it is impossible to get him to say a word
j about anything else. He won't even tell
| where he was born.
"The reason people are sick in this
world," Baid Joshua, "is because they don't
{ eat the right kind of food. Some eat meat
j and some try to live on vegetables. But
they ain't either one right. It ain't right
to eat meat, because you hurt the animal
when yon kill it. If you try to live on
vegetables you will mighty soon starve to
death. Now 1 have solved the problem by
eating frogs and oysters. They ain't
either one of them got any feeling and
they are as nourishing as the fattest beef
that was ever killed. I catch all the frogs
I want right at my door, and by taking
my boat I can get a "load of oysters in an
hour. 8o you see I have all 1 want to eat
and drink, and a comfortable place to
sleep, and I don't have to worry myself to
death. Try it yourself a week or two and
j I am sure you will never Jivo as folks gen-
I erally do again.''
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAF, JULY 5, 1896.
ORIGINAL
SCHEME OF JOHN
PAGANINI
.HIS GEMUS LN FIJJJLNCE
Odd f\ei - Drying Establishment
That Enables an Ex-Fisher
man to LiVe With
out Work
This story is about John Paganini,
but the individual is no relative of the
famous violinist. Still he is a genius — a
genius of finance— and were his talents
devoted to the real money battles of the
world there is little doubt but that he
would 'make the reputation of a "Na
poleon. * He really has the talent, be
cause he is now a monopolist.
At present John has the only net-drying
institution in the State, if not in the
whole country. John's place of business
is on the southern bay shore, where there
are no smooth spots of dry land to stretch
fish nets where the sun will strike them.
In fact, it is pretty hard to find a square
foot of dry land without crawling through
several miles of Mack, slimy marsh crass.
Many years ago John was a fisherman
himself, and in those days he used to take
| his nets all the way to Baden Point to dry
them. To overcome this he hit on the
bright idea of driving a few poles in the
mud of the marsh in front of his house
and stretching his nets between them.
I The scheme worked perfectly, and soon
the other fishermen came around to borrow
| John's poles. John loaned them a few
I times and then concluded to rent them by j
! the Lour. This scheme worked also, and ;
in less than a month John bad a dozen
poles in position and was drawing such a
large income from each that be quit doing
any fishing.
It seems strange that the other fisher
men should not put in poles of their own
and save the money they now pay to John.
But possibly tney have never thought of
it. Another and a better explanation, \
however, is that John has a.. little bar in
connection with his net-drying business, {
: where the thirsty fishermen can find
' liquid comfort while their nets are drying, j
I They can also find a neat little game of i
I monte and a few other things dear to the
I heart of the natives of the shores of the
j Mediterranean. £"■ • ;
As has been stated John is a genius, and !
i is perfectly. willing, to give his customers j
anything they want.
■ -— — +——
Two-thirds of all the letters which pass
through the postofficea of world are writ
j ten by and sent to people who speak
I English. I
LOOKS
LIKE THE WALLS
OF A CITY
X DEJST.H VJJLLEY CLIFF
The Deceptive Appearance of a
Range of Red Sandstone
on the Amargosa
Greek
There are many strange sights to be
seen in the desolate alkali pit between the
Telescope and Kingston mountain ranges.
Death Valley is here and so are the un
canny "Resting Springs." But more pur
prising than these is a cliff of dark red
sandstone that stretches from north o
south from a spur of the foothilis that lie j
alone the shore of Amargosa Creek.
To pass the western side of this ridge |
one would not be attracted by its appear- j
ance, and even the eastern side of it does !
not look particularly unusual in the morn- j
ing hours. But approach it from the east ;
in the afternoon and you will rub your j
eyes to be sure you are seeing things
straieht. Or possibly you will think it a i
mirage.
When the sun has sunk behind the cliff
and the sky is a blare of light that throws ;
the landscape into deep purple shadows
there is not a man living who, on seeing !
the cliff for the first time, but would
think he was coming to a walled city built
by some of the old Aztecs. There is no
denying the resemblance. There are the
square buildings with the towers and
chimneys. Almost in the center of the !
town is a large dome, so perfect in outline i
that it bardly seems possible it was not
the work of human hands.
The illusion is producrd by the peculiar
rock formation, which is really common |
in the locality, only it don't often happen
to be combined in the way to produce a
walled city. The forces that caused the j
rocks to take their present forms were i
earthquake and the action of running ■
water—very much the same as created the
marvelous Canyon of the Colorado.
The extent of this "city" Is about half !
a mile long and three or four hundred feet :
wide. There really is nothing about the j
rocks to make a city, but the shapes and
sizes of them are such as to produce the
right combination of lines to make them
look like a city. Although it is only 300
feet acrcsi the top of the cliff, the different
sizes of rocks and the way they are placed
makes it look to be at least a mile. When
the light from the evening sky just touches
the top of the cliff, each projecting ridge I
looks like a building, and the whole seems !
to be a town of several thousand inhabit
ants. I
A RUSTIC
LANE IN THE HEART
OF TOWN
LIJIED BY PEPPER TREES
DoWntoWn Gottages and Front
Yards That Seem to Be
long to an Earlier
period
How many, even old residents of San
Francisco, would believe that there was a
country town street in the hea 1 - 1 of the
City? It would be a surprise to most of
them, and a still greater surprise when
they were told that it was within 500 feet
of the Palace Hotel.
The accompanying picture is a faithful
drawing from a photograph of Anthony
street, which runs north from Mission, and
is the first street east of Second. It is one
of the oldest streets in San Francisco and
the present buildings were once considered
the finest houses in the City. The one
nearest Mission was put up for a boarding
bouse, but it was so far out of town then
that it was hard to get pc pie to live there.
As the City grew beyond them they in
creased in value, and as the same lady
who started in still Kept them she had all
the boarders she wanted ana at the best
prices.
But those days have passed away and
the lady who started the boarding-house
has been dead many years. Still the
houses have been changed very little ex
cept to grow moldy and dilapidated. The
pepper trees that were planted in the
front yards are still there and have grown
to giants of their kind.
To look down this old street from Mis
sion it is hard to believe that it is a part of
San Francisco in the year 1896. The
houses themselves are old-fashioned
enough, but the front yards surely belong
to another age. The dilapidated picket
fences look as if they belonged to some of
the old towns that the miners left years
ago and have been trying to keep in ex
istence ever since. Inside the yards are
some old plank walks to keep people's
feet dry in rainy weather. The old green
shutters are still there, though having a
hard time of it to hang in place.
Few people ever walk through this
street, although it is well paved. In fact
that is the only thing about it that looks
like a modern street. One end of it opens
on Mission street and the other is closed
by a stable. One strange thing about this
street is that all of the houses are still
used for the same purposes as when they
were first put up. One is used for a resi
dence and all of the others are used for
boardiDE-laouses,
WILDER
MAKES ARTIFICIAL
SUNRISE
.MILKS BEFORE DJJYLI&HT
Jhe J^ean JricU of a Santa Gruz
Dairyman, Who Fools the
Stock by an Elec
tric Plant
Dairyman Wilder, whose milk-produc
ing establishment is about ten miles north
of Santa Cruz, is one of the most ingenious
I men in all California and has done what
no other dairyman ever attempted. Every
body that has ever tried to milk a cow
before daylight knows what a job it is.
Bossy is generally of the opinion that
there is a time for all things, and firmly
objects to being awakened and milked
when she thinks that she should be asleep.
Many cows will refuse to be milked to the
extent of kicking and lying down.
All of these troubles have been Dairy
man Wilder's, and not long ago he de
termined to overcome them. In fact, it
was necessary that he should, as he was
often late in getting milk to his customers
in Santa Cruz. It cost considerable money,
but he has more than made up for the out-
I lay. At present he has one of the finest
I individual electric light plants in the
State and his cows are as easy to milk as
in broad daylight.
When the electric plant was in position
j and ready for work there were three big
i arc lights over the center of the yard
j where the cows slept at night and dozens
j of others fixed all over the different build
i ings, the entire lot capable of producing
about 10,000 candlepower — enough to
make the yard as bright as day. The
plant was of the best quality and every
thing wa3 tried in the daytime before the
surprise was sprung on the cows.
It worked like a charm. The bright
rays of the light had no sooner been
i turned on than the cows commenced to
I get up. Most of them looked surprised to
i see the day break so soon, but when the
| milkman arrived with his pail they
| seemed to think it was all right and stood
perfectly still while being milked. The
light also affected the poultry, for. the
cocks commenced to crow and the hens
went around hunting for nests. Ducks,
geese, dogs and cats were all affected the
same way and the whole barnyard was
awake at 2 o'clock in the morning.
It has not proved a case of the animals
getting used to it, for they behave the
, same way now after the artificial sunrise
j has been in operation for several months.
Poor beasts, they are in blissful ignorance
* of Mr, Wilder's shabby t«ek.
IT'S THE
SMALLEST SALOON
ON EARTH
TJiE DRINKS JIRE LJJRGE
y\ Gurious Mission Resort Jhat
Ghanges Hands Frequently
and Gan Be Used as
a Bathroom
As well as having some of the largest
I things in the world California can boast
! of some of the smallest. Truly, we live in
| a State of vast resources.
.Down on the shores of Mission Bay, not
j far below Butchertown, is a tiny saloon.
! It is a real saloon, though, and when it as
ready for business all the beverages usu
ally sold in such places can be obtained,
| but the proprietor makes a specialty of
steam beer and five-cent whisky. While
the building can safely lay claim to being
the smallest saloon in the world there ia
nothing small about the size of the drinks
served. In fact, they are unusually large,
for if they were not the place would not
do much business. . People who live down
that way when they pay for beer want
j beer and lots of it.
This tiny saloon for some strange rea
son is constantly changing owners. At
present it is kept by a man named "Jake."
Ol course, he very likely has another
name also, but that has nothing to do
with the story. Jake very often does a
I good business, particularly on Sundays
! and when there is any excitement down
! that way. When business is not good
j enough Jake simply shuts up shop. Of
i course, he takes his stock in trade away,
I and while he is not using his place of busi
■ ness as a saloon is glad enough to rent it
j to some of the workmen in the shipyards
| to use for a bathroom. They provide their
j own tubs and heat the water on Jake's
stove. Jake charges 5 cents for the use of
his place.
The saloon building has been in exist-
J ence for many years— long, in fact, that
j the people living in the vicinity have
forgotten who built it. It is only a square
: box 6x6 feet, with a peaked roof. The door
| is not more than five feet high, and were
j it not for the peaked roof it would . be im
possible to stand up on the inside. A sort
i of bench across one end serves as a bar,
I ana a shelf behind it is used to display the
I bottles. It is not an inviting place, and
most men would not be in a hurry to go
insiae for a drink. But Jake doesn't de
pend on that sort of men for ■ customers.
All of his customers are very thirsty and
j thirsty at all times. The men who go into
Jake's for a drink are very likely * l 0 draia
' their aJassesuMURDERED .
FOR STAMPS
Strange Crimes Committed
for Philatelic Gems
JVlysteriovJS Er\dir\g of
ar\ Aged French
Collector
SUICIDE JI.ND ROBBERY
A Sar\ Frar\ciscar\ Who Jook
Garbolic /\cid /\fter a
Vairv Search for
Rarities
Nature abhors extremes no less than she
does a vacuum. "Where there is excessive
predilection for any particular thing that
object draws to it dangers that tend in a
measure at least to make its enjoyment
less of unalloyed pleasure.
This law has had a remarkable exempli
fication in the matter of philately, or
stamp-collecting. While it was a mere
schoolboy's pastime it attracted the at
tention of none nut those who found inno
cent pleasure in the accumulation of la
bels used to prepay postage, but since it
has become the diversion of professional
and business men and persons of affairs
these little bits of paper have taken on a
value that haß tempted to crime and
tragedy.
To fully appreciate the incentive that
sometimes exists to drive to robbery, in
sanity, murder, and even suicide, it must
be known that certain stamps are of such
great rarity that they command what to
the uninitiate seem fabulous prices, and
some are without price, as their owners are
men of great wealth who could not be in
duced to part with their philatelic gems
under any money temptation. On the
other hand there are enthusiastic collectors
who do not hesitate to sacrifice their own
personal comforts to the procuration of
some much coveted rarity, and others
again who, lacking proper moral poise,
would not be deterred by crime to obtain
the object of their almost insane desire.
In some cases disappointed philatelic
hopes have led to insanity, and in one in
stance in this City has led to suicide.
During the past month philatelists all
over the world have been stirred up over
the murder committed in Paris, which
had the possession of a valuable collection
of stamps for its object. More or less
mystery surrounds the tragedy.
Julien Emile Delahaeff, just turned 23.
one of the many small Parisian dealers
who may be seen every Tuesday and Sun
day trafficking in stamps at the open-air
bourse on the Champs Eiysees, was the
victim.
Delahaeff was a consumptive and un
able to do any manual labor. About
three years ago he entered the ranks of
the dealers in stamps and soon established
a lucrative trade.
On April 11 young Delahaeff received a
visit from a man who said he lived in the
Rue de Turenne, and between whom and
the deceased there had been some previous
transactions in stamps. From this per
son Delahaeff bought a stamp collection
for $400.
The day following a letter came to the
young dealer asking him to meet the
writer, who signed himself Darcis, at the
Cafe dcs Negociants, near the Louvre, for
the purpose of transacting stamp business.
Delahaeff became a little suspicious, but
cc resolved to go to the rendezvous. He
took with him, however, as s precaution,
a younger brother. On arriving at the
Cafe dcs Negociants they looked in vain
for anybody of the description given, and
returned home believing they had been
made victims of a stupid practical joke.
Next morning, however, another letter
came from Darcis. In this communica
tion the young man was asked to lunch
with his mysterious correspondent in the
Hotel de la Girond, Rue Jean Jacques
Rousseau. He was also requested to take
with him the stamp collection he had re
cently purchased. Delahaeff kept the ap
pointment, saw Darcis, lunched with him,
and, according to his own account when
he returned home, agreed to sell to his
peculiar acquaintance for $800 the collec
tion he had bought for $400. No money
was paid down nor did tbe collection
change hands. Delahaeff s father and his
friends cautioned him to be careful, but
he said he had every confidence in the
man.
Tne next day Delahaeff received a
postal card, and complyine with the re
quest it contained went to 61 Avenue de
Versailles. That was the last seen of him
by relatives and friends. His father's
anxiety was somewhat relieved by the
receipt of a postal card stating Emile had
gone to visit some friends at Varenne
Saint Hilaire. A few days later he re
ceived a letter from a stranger informing
him that his son was about to start for
America, having sold his stamp collec
tion for |920.
This thoroughly alarmed the father,
who at once communicated with the Pre
fecture of Police. Detectives, acting with
all the swiftness and sagacity of their pro
totypes in French fiction, arrested Joseph
Aubert and a female accomplice on a
charge of having willfully murdered the
missing philatelist.
Paris was the scene of even a more
startling tragedy than this about four
years ago, and for which the inciting
cause was the overwhelming desire to
possess a single philatelic gem of the first
water. It was enacted early in June,
1892, in the Rue de Poisson, when Gaston
Leroux, a philatelist, well known in the
city, was found dead in his apartments,
with a great gash in his throat through
which his life had flowed away. It was a
criuie that long puzzled the authorities.
Leroux lived alone, was wealthy, had
few callers and, as far as any one knew,
interested himself in nothing except the
collecting of stamps. For many years an
old woman had been accustomed to look
after his rooms every morning. On that
June morning when she reached the apart
ments she went in by a rear door, as was
her habit, and began to dust. It was not
until she had furbished up two rooms and
reached the third that she came upon the
body of tbe murdered man and fled with
a cry of terror.
The police were puzzled by the crime
from the start. There seemed no motive.
Although there was a large amount of
money in the rooms none seemed to have
been taken. In a desk close beside where
the body lay there was a small drawer
partly open, showing several pieces of gold
coin and a diamond-studded watch. This
showed the motive could not have been
robbery. Nor could the police find that
the man had a single enemy.
When the fact of the murder became
known to the public one of the first per
sons to hurry to the house was Hector
Giroux. He admitted readily enough that
he had called on the dead man the night
before and found him in perfect health.
The best detectives in Paris were put on
the case. It was one of these, a week after
the murder, who found a possible motive
for the murder. In looking over the index
in the album containing the collection of
stamps all were accounted for but one.
That was a Hawaiian two-cent stamp of
the 1852 issue, known as the missionary
stamps. At that time this stamp was
quoted at $2000. The detective searched
every shop in the city where such a stamp
would be likely to be sold.
Finally suspicion fell on Giroux, when
it was found that he, too, was an enthu
siastic philatelist. Through the ordinary
channels the detective secured an intro
duction to this man under the guise of a
stamp collector. For months he watched
and waited, becoming in time the close
friend ana companion of Giroux. One
night the newly made friend of Giroux
turned the conversation on the subject of
Hawaiian stamps and the missionary
stamps in particular. Of these there are
but three denominations — 2 cent, 5 cent
and 13 cent, the rarest being the 2 cent. In
a burst of enthusiasm Giroux exhibited
one of the 2-cent denomination.
He was arrested the next day for the
Leroux murder, after the proof haU oeen
obtained that there was only one speci
men of the stamp mentioned in Paris.
The evidence was circumstantial, but
Giroux was a novice in crime, and con
fessed that he had killed his friend after
he had refused to sell him the Hawaiian
stamp, which he needed to complete the
set of the issue to which it belonged.
Not less strange was the death of Arthur
Tilden a; this City several years ago, after
a vain search for a 10-cent Baltimore
stamp, an oblong label of most homely
design, but extremely rare, issued by the
Postmaster of the Maryland town. He
swallowed a quantity of carbolic acid, and
his friends felt sure that he ended his life
during a period of insanity, brought on by
his philatelic mania.
For months he had been interested in
no other topic than that of the stamp he
had set his mind and heart upon obtain
ing. Two days after he was buried his
diary was found, showing entries for each
day for a month before his death, proving
beyond a doubt that he had long contem
plated suicide, but had put it off from day
to day, in hopes of finding a copy of the
rara avis. At the close of most of the en
tries there appeared the line: "To-mor-
row I may find it."
Two months ago the rarest variety of
this particular stamp was brought to light
in the East and was sold to its present
owner for $4400, the highest price by $1900
ever paia for a single stamp.
Another stamp which may bave led to
murder, although the police are not quite
sure of it, even though murder was done,
was a Brattleboro, a copy of which was
sold in New York recently for $650. Dun
can Teasdale, who was stopping at an up
town hotel when he bought the stamp at a
public sale, soon left the city. In London,
in Berlin and a half dozen of the larger
European cities Teasdale complained to
tne police that be was being dogged from
city to city by a man who wanted to gain
possession of a stamp which he carried.
The man was believed to be insane. Three
months alter he left New York Teasdale
was found murdered not far from Madrid,
in Spain. His valuable stamp was found
sewed in the lining of his vest.
Or\e of
Lifes Jragedies
The house was being cleaned out after mov
ing and two old shoes were thrown together
into tbe ash barrel. One was a neat black
shoe with buttons and the other was a dilapi
dated tan tie.
"Oh," said the black shoe, softly, "I am so
glad to get near come one to talk to. I've been
packed away In that dark box so long I've al
most forgotten how tne world looks, You
look to be about my Eize. Whose shoe are
you?"
The tan shoe answered with the none of Jts
owner. It was a pretty, girlish name, not fit
ting the disreputable shoe at all.
"Oh, were you hers?" said the black shoe,
joyfully, "then you can tell me about her, for
I w«s hers, too. She was 20 when she packed
me away. How old is she now?"
"Twenty-five." said the tan shoe, looking
curiously at her neat companion.
"Then she must be even more lovely," went
on the black shoe. "How I should liite to see
her again. I have thought that soon she would
pack away some tiny shoes with me and I
would know she was happy."
"She is dead," saM the tan shoe, "dead and
buried. I was the last she wore."
"Dead! Oh, the pity of it! So young, so
good, co beautiful!"
"What are you saying?" cried the tan shoe in
amazement; "do you call her good? The world
called her bad,* and those who stood around
her coffin whispered that it was well her life
was ended."
"Why, her life was one of love and gentle
ness and quiet charity. Many an errand of
mercy I have trod with her. and she never
took a step that was not of purity and good
ness. That was only five years ago. Surely,
we did not belong to the same person."
"Yes ," said the tan shoe, "I think we did.
My owner was not good, and together we have
been in many places of wickedness; but I have
seen traces of your owner in her face some
times as she sat looking at the floor in the
solitude before she slept. I have wondered
what her face was before it became hard and
lined with sin. Tell me the last you remember
of her."
"I remember well," said the tan shoe, sa«ly.
"the last day when she put me away. She hod
been out with her lover and she came home so
bright and happy, and when she saw me lying
on the floor with my mate, she took us up and
said. Til put these shoes away until he comes
back ; they were tbe ones I wore when I saw
him first, and they shall be the ones I wear
when I go to my new home,' and she back us
under the clothes in a box, me in one corner
and my mate in tbe other. It was dark and
silent there, for I could not see or hear my
mate, and she never came to take us out. I
thought she forgot her pretty little fancy in
her joy."
"No," spoke the tan shoe, "she had no joy;
her lover never came back. I see It all now."
"But did people call her all bad?" asked the
pitying black shoe. "Did they not remember
the twenty years of gentle goodness to set
against the five of sin? You belonged to a sin
ful woman, but did I not belong to a righteous
one?"
"No," said the tan shoe, "to the world she is
only a Rinful woman. Did you not learn while
you walked the earth that people are judged
by the last shoes they wear?"
"The world is unjust and cruel, but tell me,
does the other world where mortals go juage
the same way? Are they judged in heaven by
the last shoes they wear? "
"That I do not know," replied the tan Bhoe,
"but as I sat behind the door I hear the minis
ter say of her that she bad gone before One
who saw deeper than mortal eye could go.
Maybe you and the other shoes of her innocent
days may avail her there."
The black shoe sighed and murmured as
the ashman shouldered the barrel, "I have
mourned because 1 was not a mortal with
loves aud hopes and immortality, but to-day 1
am glad to be an old shoe with oblivion be
fore me." O. E. H.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
The Old Salon and the ,New
/\n\ericarv /\rt Students Who HaVe Distinguished Jherrvsel^es
PARIS, June 17.— There ha=» already 1
been much disquietude expressed by
French papers over the progress made by |
foreign artists. The exhibitions of this j
year certainly emphasize the impression. I
The American school abroad distinguishes
itself by more than one remarkable can
vas. In the Champ de Mars — that is to
say a good deal— in the Champs Eiysees it
would mean much less — there is a dreary
excellence that hovers over the Old Salon, i
a contentment with existing conditions
that threatens the future of French art
almost as much as the ultra modernity of
the Champ de Mars.
Three years ago the Rosicrucians were
almost too modern for the new salon.
Now it is not at all astonishing to en
counter them in the old. Three years is a
lifetime for a nineteenth century fad.
Paris accepts every new departure with re- J
spect. The Rosicrucians attracted much
young talent by their mysticism and, to be
frank, their remarkable capacity for adver
tising their own methods and aims. They
called themselves magicians and esthetes.
They did not have a catalogue but called
it "Geste esthetique," and they took for
their motto "Non nobis Domine, sed
nominis tui gloriae soli. Amen." They
were not only mystics, but they
considered themselves medieval Cath
olics, took the Gothic rose as
their symbol and called themselves
PORTRAIT OF QRAH/\M pOBEfITSON, BY JOH^ SARQE^T.
Rosicrucians. They were not only paint
ers, but held that music was a large part
of art, that music held color. At mid
nieht they addressed the spirits that de
scend over the all-genial artists with weird
music. In order to show their religious
sincerity, they ordered a mass on their
opening day — Notre Dame was the chosen
church, and the music from the evening
meal in "Parsifal" rolled in rich solemnity
from tbe great organ. When the last note
bad melted away, they drew the roses
from their buttonholes (they had assumed
on varnishing day), placed them on the
hilts of small daggers and made with
them the sign of the eroas, to the gaping
astonishment of the bewildered workmen
and small shopkeepers, who had come as
usual to attend early mass. The result
was that the picture-dealers, Durand-
Ruel, in spite of an exorbitant price of
admission, received 11,000 visitors on the
opening day alone. The greatest of the
magicians did the honors. He was called
Bar Peladan. He wore a costume of black
satin : around his pale bead fell a shower
of coal-black hair, which with his flowing
black beard made a figure memorable and
fantastic enough to create much diversion
among the less awestruck of the crowd.
Under all this absurdity there was and
remained an influence for good. This
cult, with mysticism as the bidden god
dess, was the first rebellion against the
realists. Romance and idealism were the
/\broad — John Sargent's portrait
banners they had dared to lift, and it was
a deed of admirable courage in this age of
negation, of scorn for sentiment, of wor
ship of the absolute and the real. They
held that the Fra Angelico angels had ac
complished more good than all the anni
hilating researches of Renan. If in their
pictures they allowed their imaginations
to run riot, especially in the questions of
mournful and mysterious symbolical
figures, rising out of mists of paint, with
faces in which startling eyes shone from
hollows under pale hair, and no other
features were distinguishable — all this
tendency to exaggeration has become the
hobby-horse of a few, and except as an in
fluence the Rosicrucian fever is a thing of
the past.
This is only one instance of the many in
which the most artistic nation of the
world runs afield; her painters run now
in so many directions that the plodding
and sober Scot, the hard-working Flemish
and Dutch painter, the keen ana eager
American are driving them from their
own ground.
At the head of the Anglo-American
school is Mr. John Gargent, who shows
but one portrait, that of Mr. Graham
Robertson. His loose and flowing brush
makes of the pale and delicate head
of the young English painter an
admirable example of his power to
model a solid head almost without
the aid of shadow. Mr. Robertson
has been painted against a dark screen.
The indefinite wall beyond ana the edge of
a canvas give tbe impression of distance
within the frame that makes Mr. Sargent's
figures so astonishingly alive. They have
walked into the frame, they can come for
ward or retreat within it without seriously
injuring themselves by violent contact
witn a painted wall, to which they have
apparently been pasted. It seems remark
ably simple the placing of a figure within
a frame, but it is in reality the most
subtle and the most delicate art.
Notice in this portrait the hand in light;
the lone and slender hand, that is solid
solid flesh painted against the overlong
coat, which would be so easy to ridicule if
it were not worn and painted with so
mucn distinction. Even the touch of paie
yet luminous color on the head of the
stick the young man holds is something to
regard with respect. It carries the light
and the Interest into the shadow.
There are a dozen paintings which would
attract attention if tney were not so pain
fully reminiscent. William Dannat's
clever portrait of the dancer Otero recalls
that rich and glowing canvas of Carmen
cita, with her insolent Spanish head dis
dainfully raised and the golden satin of
her skirt filling the small room in the gal
lery of the Luxembourg like a light under
an amber globe.
There is * nude fiimre of a woman
crouching on a bed, by Sargeant Kendall,
which also recalls the Luxembourg in that
remarkable unfinished work of Manet's
called "Olympia."
Humphrey Jonnston's portrait of his
mother is a very successful and original
piece of work. The gently severe figure
on the green sofa against the simple brown
background, with the faded gray of the
skin of hands and face— how charmingly
conceived and rendered !
Miss Cecilia Beaux exhibits for the first
time in France. There is hardly another
American woman who could paint as
strong a portrait as that of Dr. Grier;
the pose is simple and effective, and the
difference between the textures of the cos
tume and the absolute difference in the
texture of the skin drawn over the fore
head, the looser flesh under the cheek
bones and the smooth surface of the
hands are very well observed.
Mr. Boldini is astonishing, as usual.
His portrait of the "Princesse P." is a
woman in gray brocaded satin, sharply
outlined aeainst a darker background.
His crisp, black notes, the hair, the shad
ows, the edge of the profile, artificial as
they may be, add the interest that is com
pleted by his remarkable way of posing
the model.
Mr. Bony has a large somber study,
entitled "La Bible." There is a vague
suggestion of a woman, but we judge it as
all this
scientists construct a prehistoric animal
from a jawbone. Literally there is noth
ing visible but the chin of the woman, her
two hands and the book she holds.
One of the pleasantest portraits in the
new salon is that painted by Gandara.
It hanga in the dimly lit room in which the
"Last Supper," by Dagnaa Bouveret, is to
be seen. It is a conventional but very
delicate portrait of a young girl in white
satin, but for once the satin is subordi
nated to the fresh and sparkling head of
the girl herself. The modern garments
are calculated to overbalance any but the
strongest personality.
Mr. Latouche has a landscape that
seems to give forth light as well as to re
ceive it. It is truly Venetian in concep
tion and execution. What a blaze of color
in the yellow sails and golden reflections!
What spirit in these gay and vivid Italian
heads? What variety of treatment in the
wreathed boats that float down tbe water
that is so oily, so luminous, that shakes
and sparkles ana glitters and gleams with
such astonishing brilliance!
Miss Mathewcs has a very clever and a
very hideous portrait of a woman in a
morning-wrapper.
F. D. Marsh has a "Fantaisie" like a
Dannat; six Spanish women doing nothing
at all, against a very blue background. All
the six women have strange blue shadows
on their faces and look slightly decom
posed, making rather an uncanny picture.
Mr. Lavery is a canny Scot, and so very,
very canny in his portrait of Miss Mary B.
The usual white satin is a revelation of
pearly shimmering air. The ribbons, the
vase, the roses, all are forgotten when
looking at this remarkable woman, with
features as strong as those of a man and a
high and serious dignity. If it suggests
Whistler it suggests Watts no less, and
certainly Lavery more than either.
Edward Arthur Walton and James
Guthrie are two men of the Scotch school
who contest with Lavery the laurel of
greatest excellence. Walton has a land
scape, powerful and grave. It is not quite
fair to think instantly of Constable in
looking at it, any more than of Mesdag
and Israels; but there is a community of
spirit between them all. It is rather hard
to think immediately of Manet's wonder
ful woman in pink, with tbe green parrot
that drives the Philistine almost insane,
when confronted by Mr. Walton's tall
woman in yellows and browns.
Mr. Guthrie, who is the son of a Scotch
minister, is perhaps the most versatile.
Whether he chooses to paint a young girl
under the soft light of a lamp, or a monu
mental portrait of a man on horseback,
whether he uses the gay freshness of pastel
to express his quick impressions of life in
the streets of a city or a village, whether
he paints landscape or marines, he uses a
broad and vigorous brush Franz Hals
himself might have approved of. His
three portraits, all male, one of Sir Edwin
Dawes and two of two young boys, have
something absolutely simple and large in
their effective ana sober handling.
Anders Zom has a portrait of himself —
too clever and ultra modern. There is a
nude model in the background looking
out from under her hair; the side of the
figure is washed out in that flowing use of
paint Zom uses with much effect. It is a
big sketch and an interesting sketch — but
it remains a sketch — and not a representa
tive one from so good a painter.
Agashe, Binet, Miss Nourse, Gros — how
many painters show much reasonably
good work !
There are twenty Japanese landscapes
by Louis Dumoulin which actually reek of
Japan. The day has long gone by since
the artist painted his impressions of a
country from traditions in a comfortable
studio at home. All these laughing, chat
tering women, smooth-haired and dark,
with their shaking fans ana soft silken
costumes, the movement in the light
streets, the people who pass and meet ana
pass again — how it all vibrates with light
and life, and the charming gayety Picric
Loti and others have written of 1
There are pastels galore and there is sculp
ture — there is a head of Yeriaine, like the
head of a satyr, big, broad, ugly, aad and
wise, truthful as truth, most probably, and
as unreservedly brutal. The drawings of
Paul Renouard have the instantaneous
quality of a kodak — and such strength of
humor. His view of the English people
is as characteristically French as the late
drawings of English life by Charles Dana
Gibson have been characteristically Ameri
can.
With that generosity that fills us with
renewed respect we observe that an entire
room has been fitted out with the draw
ings of Edwin Abbey, prince of penmen.
Here we have Olivia and Ophelia, Hermi
one and Viola, Falstaff and King Hal,
Rosalind and Audrey and Touchstone — a
triumphal procession; never did the hum
ble medium of pen and ink work greater
wonders, lines as fine as spun silk, a spi
der-web network of shadow, and then the
quick, sharp stroke of an instrument that
has grown suddenly as hard and as as
sured as the steel point in the hand of an
etcher.
And all this while I have said nothing
of the old salon— perhaps the less said the
better ! Van Dyck Brown.
Some of
Life's Gomedies
"De Vere is a tho rough aristocrat, isn't
"Yes, ne has such a well-bred way . of not
listening when you say anything to him."
Smith— l hear that your mother-in-law Is
dangerously ill.
Captain Spurrs— She is rather seedy, but she
is not as dangerous as when she was well.
A genius is a man who, when he accidentally
says a good thine, cau make his hearers believe
it was intentional.
Daly says: "A friend of mine seems to have
all the luck in the world. A few months ago
he worked in a box factory for SSlOaweeic.
One day he put his fingers where they had no
business and got two of them cut off. Now he
has got a job in the Mills building at $25 a
week as a shorthand writer."
One swallow doesn't make a summer, par
ticularly if the cat sees him first and makes a
spring.
Friend— And are you now out of danger?
Convalescent — No, the doctor says he will
pay me two or three more visits.
"Isn't that a very slow horse of yours?"
"Well, he isn't much for speed, but he's
easily frightened and runs away a good deal,
so he gets there just the same."
K. G. Knowles says: "I knew an Irishman
by the name of Casey who was foreman of a
jury which had to try a Jew for murder. Word
was sent to Casey that he would be paid £200
if he srot the jury to return a verdict of man
slaughter. This he succeeded in doing, the
prisoner only getting a long term of imprison
ment. When the Jew's friends had paid him
the money one of them asked him if he had
much trouble in getting the verdict, "Fsith
an' I had an awful struggle," said Casey; "the
rest of the jury wanted to let him off alto
gether." ____
Storekeeper— Gold rings? Yes sir, step this
way please. Eighteen carats?
Mulvaney— No sor, Oi've been aitin onions
if ut's army ov yure bizness.
The man who keeps his mouth snot never
has to eat humble pie.
May— Just imacine, Alice! I have received
two proposals of marriage.
Alice— Which have you rejected ?"
May— Rejected ? Neither of them. One I
accepted and the other I put in reserve.
A frog makes a spring; a swallow makes a
summer.
A venerable pile— The old carpet in the
editor's sanctum.
The man who has "mutton-chop" whiskers
Deed never starve.
The song-writer who can compose a song
without the word "Oh !" and the reporter who
only uses the word "exercises" once a year
have not yet been found.
The following is a P. S. to a letter from a
cook : "Please exkuse bad writin' and spellin'
as mi feet is awful sore."
"What's your baby's name, Mrs. Coggins?"
"Well, you see, Miss, he's the eighth, so we
have called him the Octopus! "
"I hear you extract teeth without pain."
"Quite trua, madam; in all the operations I
have performed, 1 never felt the slightest pain.
"How shall I have my bonnet trimmed to
match my complexion, Alice?"
"If you want it to match your face, have it
P lftiu -" ______^___
"I once knew a man." said the imaginative
boarder, "who wes so fat that he was actually
taller lying down than when he was standing
up. What do you think of that?"
"It strikes me," said the cheerful idiot, "as
pretty tall lying."— lndianapolis Journal,
FELL FROM
THE GLOUDS
The Thrilling Experience of
a French JlPtist
Thought He Was Qo
ir\g to a Certairx
Doom
EXCITING BJILLOOJi TRIP
jKe Clouds J-lung Like Colossal
Stalactites, or Like a Vast
Forest of Inserted
Jrees
There is a man in Paris who knows how
it feels to fall more than a mile through,
the air. He is Fernando Miranda, an artist
and sculptor. Mr. Miranda went up in a
balloon that collapsed. He luckily es
caped with nis life. The balloon ascent
in which Mr. Miranda took part was made
by a party of French scientists from Paris.
Mr. Miranda tells something of his own
sensations in the New York World in the
following language:
When I accepted an invitation to be
the artist of M. Wilfrid de Fonvieile's
party in the William Tell I little thoaght I
was being invited to fall over 6000 feet.
But neither did M. de Fo»vielie. It was
to me only an unexpected opportunity to
make a balloon ascension under the most
favorable auspices and in the very balloon
that carried Gambetta out of Paris during
the eiege in 1871. To him it was common
place.
Besides Captain de Fonvielle and his
assistant aeronaut, M. Chavautier, there
was a M. Bernard, inventor of a new
device for measuring the speed of ascent
and descent, and myself. Our purpose
was to take certain scientific observations
and conduct some experiments in electric
conditions at various altitudes.
The ascent was made on a beautiful May
forenoon at La yillette. M. de Fonvielle
had formally invited the special Embassa
dor of Annam, with bis suite, who were at
that time at the French capital on a diplo
matic mission. They attended in their
bright national costumes and contributed
a picturesque effect to the occasion.
When all was ready the loud, stern voice
of Captain de Fonvielle cried "All on
board!" Then I jumped into the willow
basket, trying to forget in that moment
all my connections on earth. As every
thing was in order the captain's voice was
again heard with the word "Lachez," or
"Let it go," and the balloon was free.
The monster balloon sailed majestically
up. The silence around us grew abso
lute. The place we left and our friends
became ever smaller, and tbe sweep of our
vision enlarged proportionately.
Shortly, in death-like silence, we reached
the lower ends of the clouds at the height
of 4500 feet above the delta formed by
the conjunction of the rivers Seine and
Marne.
These floating masses of imposingn g
grandeur were separated and inde
pendent, but moving in the same direc
tion, sometimes separating more or less
and sometimes closing up and uniting
themselves as immense chips of a vast
block.
This formation impressed me because
we are accustomed to see the clouds
from below, and in consequence we only
see the end behind which is hiding the
whole length of the cloud. To explain
more clearly, the cloud is like a Jong
stick, the length of which, when pointed
at us, we cannot see.
As we were ascending between those
gigantic chimneys of vapor and approach
ing their tops, it was interesting to ob
serve how tbe vapor became thicker. Soon
we reached the general level on which
they were swimming. This was at the
height of 9000 feet, or as high again as
when we entered their lower ends, which
would show that the vapory stalactites
were 4500 feet long.
The sky was of a deep blue, the air was
pure and sharp and the sun burned more
than nsual. Enormous dark openingy,
like tremendous abysses below, were often
seen on this vast field, produced by the
disintegration of the clouds or masses of
them in their course of floating.
Almost immediately I feit in my ears a
kind of persistent little pain, and I inci
dentally remarked it to M. de Fonvielle.
He said that he could not venture to go
higher without risk, as that was a sign of
extreme rarefication of the atmosphere,
and with that view he opened the valve
and we commenced our descent.
While in the fog on the descent I hap
pened to notice that the screw of M. Ber
nard's device was rotating so fast that I
thought that it was out of order. I called
the attention of the inventor and Captain
de Fonvielle to it. The captain ordered
us at once to throw out 'ballast, and we
emptied several sandbags, but the flying
sand went up and fell again upon us and
inside of our willow basket. We threw
out some cigarette papers, and up they
went like lightning.
I thought thai we were lost, and as I
was looking below and observing the hills
and the other objects growing rapidly
larger I had a queer, sickly feeling. I felt
I was going to certain death, and was sur
prised at my own calmness.
Fonvieile wai equal to the emergency,
and with perfect coolness ordered all the
ballast we had thrown out, bags, instru
ments and all, and us to at once climb up
and suspend ourselves from the hoop of
the balloon.
We managed to keep hanging from our
hoop till after Captain de Fonvielle threw
the anchor, which, fortunately, did not
take long to catch. The country people
who had seen us fall came to our assist
ance.
The rope was pulled by them until the
balloon was drawn down so that we could
jump out, but in the strong wind the bal
loon was plunging like an imprisoned bull,
and the process of lauding was not at all
comfortable. At last we succeeded in get
ting upon the solid earth, and I am sure
that I was not the last to leave the basket.
We were all sound, except for a few
bruises, and we held a consultation on
the probable cause of our fall. It appeared
that we had neglected the rope which goes
through the balloon for the purpose of
opening the valve, and that it had become
entangled with the other ropes of the
basket.
Thankful to have escaped we took the
train back to Paris, leaving M. Chavautier
in cbarge of the balloon.
2526
A Bit of Gardening on a North Beach Hill.
Flower Gardens in t\ie City
Superir\ter\der\t McLaren or\ Sar\ Frar\cisco's
Floral Opportunities
One evening at the recent flower show
an amateur gardener from San Mateo,
with an assumed air of commiseration, re
marked : "You can't grow flowers to any
degree of perfection or with any satisfac
tion in San Francisco. Only some few
hardy things can stand the winds and foes.
You must get out of town, somewnere
around tbe bay, for flowers."
Now, this is a strange belief, and yet
it exists even among people who should
know more about »he wonderful flowers
and flower-gardens of the City by the
Golden Gate. The fact is, San Francisco
for many a long year has. been justly cele
brated as a city of beautiful flower
gardens, in which may be seen a variety
of blooms absolutely impossible in most
other cities of the world. John Mc-
Laren, superintendent of Golden Gate
Park, declares that if the taste for flowers
were cultivated, San Francisco would be
vastly improved In appearance.
Most people imagine that it is enough
to co into the garden now and again, and
then grow tired of attending to the flow
ers. Again, people who can afford to em
ploy men will not engage a competent
gardener. They leave all in the hands of
a man who knows nothing of the work he
is performing, and the result is about as
far removed from the ideal as one can im
agine.
In a conversation about flower culture
"in San Francisco Mr. McLaren gives many
valuable hints which, amateuri may smdy
with profit and pleasure. And then, with
the horticulture of Golden Gate Park as
an example, following it from month to
month, really pleasing results can be
reached by even the veriest tyro in the
City. The digging and "playing" round
the garden for an hour or two daily in the
fresh open air and sunshine will well re
pay in health the little distraction from
worldly cares.
"Flower gardening means work," was
Mr. McLaren's rather depressing opening
remark, "not a month and then grow tired
of it. Yon must Keep it ud all the year
round, for if once neglected the garden
goes behind. One thing against San
i-'rancisco is the shortness of the evenings,
that gives no time after the day's work to
puddle around in the flowers. It is differ
ent in other cities. People have their lit
tle gardens, window-gardens and flower
shows, and great interest is taken by ama
teurs. Here, of course, we have a horti
cultural society that holds exhibitions,
but there is not the general public interest
in it. A little more of that would be a
good thing in this City.
"I know of no city where such a variety
of flowers can be grown as San Francisco.
People told me when i started in here
You can't grow chrysanthemums; you
can't grow violets.' We have grown some
of the finest chrysanthemums in the park,
and violets will grow anywhere in San
Francisco. Still you very rarely see them
in the gardens. Over on Devisadero street,
the west side, near Turk, is an old cottage
where there are rows of pinks along the
entrance walk. I have noticed them par
ticularly, because they are as fine pinks as
I saw anywhere. .
"Roses. You can grow them as good
here as anywhere. If I take a month's
notice here I will guarantee to do it— that
i», these large hybrid roses."
He was asked what varieties he deemed
best suited to tbe local conditions.
"La Reine, La Marque," he replied. "No
where In the world are the La Marque
better than here. I have seen porches
covered with it — the finest white rose of its
character that grows. Other varieties for
San Francisco are Captain Christy, Her
Majesty, General Jacqueminot. The Gen
eral is a fine deep red. Also the Bourbon,
a deep dark red rose, free fr ;m mildew and
easily grown — a free bloomer. The Magna
Charta, another very fine rose, does better
here than I ever saw anywhere else. But
these require good stiff loam and generous
treatment.
"It does not do to starve roses. You
want good old rotten manure and liquid
guano or fertilizers during summer. Yon
can't cut roses off a bush twelve months in
a year without feeding. Soot in w»ter is
good; a little sulphate of ammonia is a
good thing. Any of them with a little
ammonia is good.
"Hosing roses once a day, as most peo
ple do, will never give you good roses.
The great trouble, I find, is people pay for
taking care of their gardens and don't get
the right men. Those fellows don't know
enough to cut the grass. For instance, I
know a lady who bought 200 asters in pots.
They looked pretty, but in the < hands of
one of these fellows they died in a week.
They are working cheap but ruining the
gardens. They don't know the names -.'I
plants, much less the treatment neces
sary.
"Now for tea-scented roses, the hybrid
China rose. They do well in a light soil,
but must be enriched with decomposed
manure. You can no more starve roses
and have fine flowers than you can starve
a fine dog or horse and expect him to look
well.
"Pansies. They have a longer season in
San Francisco than in any of the outlying
districts, where the sun is hotter. Fog
and cool weather suit them admirably.
A small garden ought to get a fine
variety, the best named, for they are
cheap enough, and they should always be
bought from a reliable seedsman, who is
in the business to stay, not those Eastern
fellows, who send flower advertisements
out here. I speak from experience, and
most emphatically advise everybody to
buy seeds from the reliable seedsmen
right here in San Francisco, and not
mixed seeds, either. Pansies grow so well
here that with a good variety of seeds ama
teurs can get excellent results.
"The cineraria. This flower does bet
ter here than anywhere I know out
doors. There is less frost in San Fran
cisco than elsewhere in California, and
that gives this generous bloomer a chance
to live in the garden. In other places it is
a house plant, but here it comes in when
flowers are scaree — about Christmas — and
it is in bloom now. It seeds itself from
under the old plants, but it must have
shade, as the sun is not good for the cin
eraria. No special varieties are needed, as
they all give such a grand display of color.
"A very fragrant flower that luxuriates
here is the pink. It does as well as in tbe
country. I can give that lesson of the
Devisadero-street cottage, where there are
great bushes of pinks in all colors — from
white to dark red. It is better to grow
them every year from yountr plants. To
get a finer bloom, of course, yon must al
low fewer flowers to a plant. They ou^ht
to be grown from cuttings, not from seed.
Root them in sandy soil, in a shady place.
"Everybody ought to have a row of
violets, everybody. I don't care how
small the garden, even if it be only a box
in tbe window. Violets ought to be trans
planted every year, throwing the old roots
away and planting the young shoots after
blossoming and before growth commences,
that is about March, depending on tbe
season.
"Take the bulbous roots— tulips, hya
cinths, anemones and ranunculus; they
do splendidly here. They ought to be
planted about November 1 in light, rich
soil, the top of the bulb three inches be«
low the surface and with an inch of sand
below to keep it from tbe manure. Anem
ones should not De covered more than one
inch.
"A beautiful bed can be had by planting
hyacinths and then carpeting the whole
with pansies. The hyacinths shoot up
and tbe pansies cover the ground. Pansies
can be grown from seed about August,
under glass, though they will come up in
a sheltered place. They should be watered
regularly, planted out when an inch high
in soft soil, about an inch apart, and
afterward put into their permanent quar
ters and thrown away every fall.
"The hydrangea, a perennial always in
flower, is another plant that luxuriates in
this atmosphere. One or two plants in a
shady corner is quite enough for a small
garden. They don't need much sun, and
grow without spading, only a little manure
oeing needed about them in spring, and
they are.very easily raised from cuttings.
"Fuchsias. Where can you grow them
like here? Of course, they have to be
kept out of the wind, for they must be
shaded if the flowers are to be good. Ail
varieties do well here from the old Castile.
I've seen old Venus de Medici here grow
ing six feet in a season. This is their
home along the coast.
"Asters, marigolds and the marguerites.
Where can you see finer specimens of these
flowers than in San Francisco? They are
grown without tronble in any soil.
"Dahlias do very well also, and are
easily grown. You cannot kill them. This
includes the hollyhocks. All the gerani
ums thrive in San Francisco, and are very
effective in small gardens.
"The pelargonium also, but it won't
stand water from overhead. It does not
like cold water every night, neither does
the geranium. They prefer a dry, warm
situation. Any old woman can grow them
from cuttings. Ferns grow splendidly in
the shade. There are three ferns in the
park rockery that would be worth $500
each in the East.
"There is nothing prettier than that
pink flower to be seen ail over the park
and out on Strawberry Hill. It grows in
the poorest soil with very little water, and
nothing can surpass it, the number of its
flowers. You can plant it any time of the
year— stick in a little piece where you
want.it to crow, on & dry, barren hillside,
sand or loam. Its name is the only thing
against it— Mesenbryanthemum.
"With some trailing plants — the clematis
and passion vine for walls— you have a fair
list for a garden in San Francisco. If
more attention were given the gardens,
the appearance of the C;ty would be much
improved.'*
Batoum harbor has now been deepened
to twenty-six feet at the point where
naphtha is loaded. The mole will be run
out to a length of 1750 feet, so that (he
narbor may be used by the Black Sea fleet
in all weathers. Kussia has already spent
5,000,000 roubles on the port and has just
appropriated 750,000 roubles more.
It is stated that four hundredweight of
sealingwax per month is used by the great
seal, of which the Lord Chancellor is the
official custodian.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
THE NEW
WOMAN'S
GORSETS
"When women come into power," the suf
frage advocate was saying, "there won't be so
many round pegs in square holes." "You may
be sure of that," commented Portia, pausing
in her club-swinging. "There's too much in-;
justice in the world as it is— too much forcing
of the man to fit the position," and she re
sumed her club practice.
We were in Portia's room and the suffrage
advocate had been rejoicing in our approach
ing emancipation. Portia is devoted to ath
letics. Shu has a horizontal bar in her room,
a stand of clubs and dumbbells and a con
trivance for exercising the muscles of tneback
of her neck. She "bikes" and "boxes" and
does quite wonderful things with a wand. She
took this wand down from its rack, having
concluded her gyrations with the clubs.
"Here's a new wrinkle," she said, and pro
ceeded to pasa it over her head and behind her
back.
Then she executed some sort of mysterious
maneuver by which she seemed to step over
herstif and finally crawled out from under her
own arms flushed but triumphant. "I can do
it backward, too," she explained, and she
bent over until she resembled a picture I once
saw in a doctor's book. It was labeled Apis
tholonos and made a deep impression upon
me, even after tbe doctor's explanation that it
was the picture of a woman in a fit of hys
terics. The leveraed performar.ee was as sue-
j Cessful as the initial one. Portia came Dp
| smiling but breathless, and as she appeared
I under the wand a loud snap sounded through
the room. Every woman oi us knew what had
haDpened, but Portia looked annoyed. "That't.
the third corset steel I've broken in a week,"
she said discontentedly. ' 'Why don't you wear
a paten*, waist?" asked the suffrage advocate;
"they're quite as much support ad the corset"
"I've tried them," was the reply, "but the
buttons fly in every direction when I exercise,
and then one's dresses never do sit quite so
well over them." "But," I continued to say,
"isn't it rather inconsistent in a devotee of
athletics to wear corsets at all?" "Oh, I don't
wear them at all tight. I can put both hands
in mine after they're laced about the waist.
I couldn't get along without them."
How many women have I heard make this
triple assertion?
I sought a well-known gymnasium in
structor.
"Oh, yes," he said, "women are coming to
me every day for practice. Some of my pupils
are doing splendid work. Talk about the
emancipation of woman— there's only one way
leading to it. Give a woman a sound body and
a bicycle and she'll emancipate herself and all
the rest of the race."
The professor was waxing enthusiastic.
"Why," he exclaimed, "if the last three gener
ations of women had been healthy, athletic
specimens of their kind, we should never have
had the present spectacle of a discontented,
complaining sex, demanding their rights and
wanting to do "verything that men da Women
don't need tbe ballot half a- much as they
need good blood, healthy bodies and well
developed systems. Physical culture is giving
them these."
"Then I suppose you agree with Rabbi Voor
sanger," I said, "that three generations of
women without corsets will do as much as the
ballot, for woman and the race?"
The professor's face clouded. "Do you
know," he began, confidentially, "that's the
greatest tronble I have with my pupils? They
come to me full ot enthusiasm, and seem to
think physical culture will work wonders for
them, but while they're willing enough to put
on bloomers they want to swing clubs, climb
ropes, go up ladders and fence and box while
they are wearing corsets. I tell them
gymnastic exercises cannot be successfully, or
even safely, taken in the things, but they do
not believe me. Why, I kuow a teacher of
what she calls 'harmonic gymnastics' who
actually wears them, and aavices her pupils
to do so. Now, I believe that, even Handi
capped by corsets and toothpick shoes, our
women are the better for exercise, but
why, look here," and he produced a picture.
"I wish," he said, "that the Roctgen ray could
give us a picture of a 'corset liver,' but we're
not far euough along for that. But see what
our modern shoe is doing to the bones ot the
foot. Do you suppose the owner of such a foot
is going to have a 'good understanding' of the
laws of health or of anything else? The body
is so accommodating. It responds delieht
f ully to our attempts to improve it, and It is
fatally responsive to our persistent determina
tion to injure it by improper dressing. There
is too much forcing of the body to fit its cover
ings."
I was startled at this phrase in the profes
sor's mouth. Portia had said, "There is too
much forcing of the man to fit the position,"
and we are promised that there will be less of
this when woman has the ballot. Is it pos
sible that that magic bit of paper is going to
alter human nature, as exemplified for genera
tions by womankind?
To be sure, this is aside from the question.
There can be no doubt, however, but that the
friends of physical culture are right in the
main proposition. Good blood and healthy
bodies among our women are going to do more
for the race than any other physical or intel
lectual iorce.
The trouble is that, like all new ideas, there
is danger of the pursuit of health and a sym
metrical development of the bcdy becoming a
fad— at least among women. The question of
how and when to exercise is largely an indi
vidual one; but, as is usual, many wholesale
solutions of the problem are offered us, and we
have "systems" and "no systems" galore.
Some of these advocate all sorts of apparatus,
others decry apparatus as of all devices most
WE WERE IN PORTIA'S ROOM."
dangerous. Amid the clamor of many voices
she is a wise woman who pursues a medium
course.
Naturally the woman who would take exer
cise, in these days, thinks first of all of the
omnipresent wheel. Seeing the hundreds of
happy riders who throng our rouds and path
ways these summer evenings, one cannot
blame her. But in the very fascination of the
wheel lies its danger. For ninety-nine women
out of a hundred the tendency is to overdo;
to ride too fast and too far; to ride until arms
are numb and spines grow sensitive from the
vibration inevitable even with the perfected
pneumatic tires and saddles. Wire and steel
in rapid motion will maintain a steady vibra
tion. As well say water will not run down
hill as to affirm the contrary, and the tendency
of too-long-continued endurance of this vibra
tion is over-stimulation, and consequent ex
haustion of nerves. We are apt to forget, in
the sense of power and freedom we get from
the "silent, shining safety," that the motion
which seems so easy, so much a part of our
own natural power, is, after all, foreign to us,
and therefore to be indu'.eed in moderation.
Perhaps of all modern physical culture fads
for women the one that In a few years will
have resulted in the most mischief is running.
It is in great vogue just now, and advocates of
this form of exercise for women meet all criti
cism by triumphant allusions to the fleet
footed females among the lower animals. But,
beyond a certain limit, which is soon reacned,
analogies drawn from this source are danger
ous. Those who are wont toattempt to regulate
man's life by laws that work for good among
the lower orders forget, among other essential
differences between the human and the brute
creations, that man, in the course of the ages,
has acquired an upright position. This ac
quired habit of standing erect has given him
transcendent power among the creatures, but
it has also modified all other habits of his life.
The wonder is not that he does it so well, but
that he does it at all. Mechanically con
sidered, running lor the human creature is a
continuous lalliug. It is a severe strain upon
the buniun physique, ana women are even
less fitted to endure it than are men. Most of
us know it. We run under protest, not be
cause we do it awkwardly, but because we can
not do it comfortably, and the undoubted
hampering of our skirts is not the only rea
son. It is well to know the principles of run
ning; how to perform the feat with the least
waste oi lorce and with the greatest degree of
skill; but it is a form of exercise that women
should use sparingly.
As a matter of fact moderation is a quality
that should enter into all exercise, but per
haps the first essential to a successful search
for health through physical culture is rational
dress. There is no better form of exercise
known than deep, systematic, frequently prac
ticed normal breathing, but it is the experience
of physieißns.!inil of cymnnstic teachers alike
that the averaee woman does not know
how to breathe normally; in fact, is unable to
do so while wearing the almost omnipresent
corset.
But by the intelligent observances of a few
simple exercises even the average woman, if
she is inclined, may arrive at a very fair de
gree of physical development without ever
having been inside a gymnasium.
Penelope Powbllson.
BAIRD'S
ADVICE ON
HURDLING
Let us talk now about "hurdling." To be a
hurdler one must have a variety of accom
plishments; it is necessary to be a quick
starter, a fast sprinter, a good broad jumper, a
good high jumper, and to possess great strength
and endurance.
Since writing about "snrint-running," in
which I represented four different methods of
starting, the great intercollegiate games have
been run off in New York; and 1 was much
struck with the fact that every man of conse
quence in the sprint runs used the crouch
start. As before explained, this is performed
by placing the left toe on or a little behind the
scratch line; place the knuckles of the first
two fingers and the tip of the thumb of each
band on the mark, which will bring you into a
crouching position, the right toe about eight
een inches in the rear.
Precision must be the successful hurdler's
watchword. So many steps are taken from the
start and the fir.«t hurdle is reached. Then
two things must be accomplished: the
jumper must not catch his toe on the hurdle,
neither must he rise so far above it as to waste
his strength. Here the happy medium must
be attained to perfection or the other man
will win. Now, to take a hurdle properly is a
A. F. COPELAND, CHAMPION HURDLER.
Record: 120 yards, ie sec; running broad jump, 23 ft. 3 1-5 inches.
great art, and It is a combination of running
high and running broad jumping. Tbe foot
must touch in exactly the right spot, so many
feet and inches from each flight, and there
must be just so much vital energy expended.
There are very few healthy young men that
cannot clear 3 feet 6 inches with ease; but
to do it ten times with an aggressive com
petitor at your shoulder is quite another
thing. Fifteen feet for a broad jump is not
much, but a succession of them is quite an
other thing. To clear a hurdle under full
speed requires a rare combination of the ut
most caution and tbe greatest daring.
When the leap has been taken the land is not
made as in abroad jump — all in a heap; on the
contrary, the utmost exertion must be made to
strike on the left foot, and instantly get to
running. There must be no jerk, no halt, no
weakness. Everything depends on the run
ner resuming his stride as though he was in
a hundred-yard race. Having resumed his
stride there are usually three steps taken be
tween each hurdle, and of course they must
be put in with all dispatch.
The position of body and limbs while going
over the gate is also a vital point. The arms
should keep with tne legs, »nd be given such a
violent swing and jerk as to be of great as
sistance in helping the jumper in his flight.
Of course the hurdle must be taken face on, as
any deviation would throw the body out of
true and lead to serious consequences. The
right foot is under the body and kept as close
to the thigh as possible. The left foot is ad
vanced and considerably extended; the body
almost erect, the arms in such a position as to
best assist in the flying motion. Most hur
dlers use the right foot to spring from and the
left to alight on.
Up to half distance the race is usually easy,
but at the fifth or sixth hurdle the strain be
gins, and It is in this part of the race that en
durance is useful, not to say necessary.
Therefore, an ambitious hurdler should en
deavor to acquire endurance as one of the es
sentials in the class of race in question.
If I were to take up hurde-racing I would
not begin by running over the flights. I would
first acquire the quick start, and learn to get
into running with all possible speed. I would
jumD frequently on the springboard at the
gymnasium, to gain strength in my calves;
practice high jumping, taking pains to clear
the bar with a straight bound and an erect
body, watching my feet to keep from striking.
Then I would practice a little broad jumping,
but avoid landing in any other way than on
one foot, continuing tbe running at once. If
you find that your speed is greater than your
endurance, then practice to "stay."
It is not an uncommon thing to find an
athlete who is a superior hurdler but who is a
third-rate man in short-distance running and
starting, so do not be discouraged if your
neighbor runs right away from you at the
short distance. You may find that before the
race is far along you may be creeping up to his
shoulder.
Many persons are doubtless under the Im
pression that to be a successful hurdler re
quires a trainer, an instructor, and the very
best facilities in existence. This is not so In
fact; for some of the best athletes this coast
ever produced were self-tanght and self
trained. This, however, is particularly true in
regard to hurdle racing; and enthusiasts of a
few years ago can remember how a young man
from the University of California, aimust alone
and almost unaided, established a best on
record in the world at the coasi championship
games— ls?i seconds. This illustration is ad
vanced to show athletes in general, and
hurdlers in particular, tnat, after all, ambi
tion and industry are the great forces in the
world of athletics; and properly applied great
results can sometimes be obtained from the
most unpromising materials.
Let us see what is to be gained by being a
good hurdler. First of all, if you become a
quick starter it will impart a quickness of
thought that is inspiring, transforming a de
liberate, not to say poky, boy into a prompt,
active man. The mind as well as the body
will feel the effect in greater alertness. To be
brisk in body without nervousness is greatly
to be desired; and it is this very quiet starting
that assists in curing nervousness, for the pis
tol-firer will not permit any unsteadiness on
the mark if he understands his business.
Then the last few hurdles, the test of en
durance. How it does call upon bis muscle
and his vitality to hold out under the strain!
How the limbs get loggy, and how the sinews
achel Mot only is it a test of physical en
durance, but mental as well. Let it be dis
tinctly remembered that if a boy is wanting in
pluck there is no school for curing him of that
deficiency, or correcting the habit of giving
up, like a race. To see a man passing yon, to
feel a prize slipping away from your very
grasp, the cheers or the frowns of friends— as
the case may be— and above all the anxious
eyes of one in particular, and the desire for
her approving smile, is any experience quali
fied to put grit and nerve into a man more
than a hard race?
A case of great improvement occurs to me.
I once knew a yonng man who had trouble
with his eyes— so much so that it became neces
sary for him to wear colored glasses. More
over, when I saw him he did not look well; his
complexion was not healthy and he moved
about languidly. The trouble spread to his
mental faculties, for his look was downcast and
his voice subdued. I met him on the train
going out to the grounds, ana I was struck with
his appearance. He said he was going to try
running to see if it would do him any good.
I lost sight of him for about three months,
until one day I attended a set of games. To
my surprise this young man won the 75-yard
handicap over a field of twenty-five or thirty,
and when I met him after the games I scarcely
knew him; his eye was clear and bright; his
head erect and his step elastic and vigorous,
and all this was accomplished by three mont.'.s'
exercise. George D. Baikd.
THE BOY AND I
The Boy and I have grown up together. I
had quite a head start, which has given ma's,
better opportunity to watch the Boy develop.
We've been pretty good friends. All through
the time when I wheeled him out and quau
reled with the other girls over the beauty ol
our respective charges, the days when I had to
stand his little boy-tyranny and pick up his
playthings, the time I shook the nonsense out
of the larger boy who harassed his path to
school, through the period when he would
swear, the time he turned white and sick from
looking at a cigar, the epoch of leaving school
and beginning work, up to the present day, all
the time that I have carried him about in my
heart and in my head, waking and sleeping,
the Boy and I have had a kind of liking for
each other.
The Boy thinks I'm a pretty good sort of big
sister to have around; a nice person to get a
fellow out of a tight place without preaching
too much, and handy to have on general prin
ciples. He often asks my advice, and I have
known him to act upon it. I know he thinks
there is no girl brighter than his big sister in
most things, but I've lately found out some
thing I don't like.
The Boy won't give a fig for my political
opinion.
Perhaps it is partly my fault I've never
argued with him much, because I didn't
think it worth while. When he aired his cal
low ideas I smiled and went on frying my own
fish.
He was only a "kid."
Now it has dawned upon me that next year
the Boy will be 21 and his youthful opinions
will influence his country's weal or woe to the
extent of one vote.
Next year I will b^ 21 (and then some), with
opinions as strong and I hope more mature
than his, but I can't vote. My country must
somehow shift along without my ballot, and a
poor shift it is too. %
I've paid taxes ten years. .The Boy never
paid a cent. I have studied the constitution
of the United States and that of California
until I can repeat whole sections. I know the
Boy can't do as much. I've read history, an
cient ana modern, a hundred to his one, and I
have all my life kept up with the current
events. Maybe I have neglected baseball,
racing and prize-fighting, but I know about
even them. I can do every kind of work the
Boy can do, and besides I can extract the cube
root of a polynomial and make good bread.
I have to obey every law that he obeys, but I
am not competent to help make them.
It isn't any use to tell me that the Boy repre
sents me and the other women of the house;
he doesn't do any such thing.
I won't be represented by the Boy. Not be
cause his vote will not be an honest one and
fairly intelligent, but because it is his vote,
and he will have all he can do to represent
himself.
The Boy likes a good dinner; still enough for
him and me, too, would be more than he could
digest. I wonder if when the Boy is judged
for his sins he will have to represent mine,
too. Poor Boyl Suppose he marries and has
his wife to represent, besides his sisters and
his mother and then the possible daughters.
Could you lecommend a tonic for the Boy?
I don't think with the Boy in many things*
He lacks tbe ten years of labor among the
people that have changed my Idea 6 materially.
He lacks the sorrows and the losses'that have
taken the gloss off much that was bright and
that have shown new beauty in what was
dark.
He will grow, I grant, and step for step; so
will I.
One night the Boy was doing a little spout
ing. He thought I didn't care to vote because
I hadn't said much in his hearing.
"Nice women didn't want to vote," the Boy
said, "and the rest had no business.
Things wouldn't be any better if a lot of them
voted as their husbands told them."
"Well," I said, "Boy, we'll admit for the
sake of 'argument that things would be no
better if women voted — even say things would
be worse. I tell you in the face of that, if
woman wants to vote it is her right. If she
doesn't want to no one will make her, but the
right is hers just the same."
The Boy was thunderstruck. He never
tnouKht I cared so much. I do-=t»re, and from
that time on I talked it up on all occasions. I
think the Boy sees both sides of it now, though
he is still a benighted male.
The Boy and I are the average man and
woman, and here are some of our arguments.
"Women have a house to attend to."
Sure. And men have a business to attend to.
Women, with housework to do, have oceans of
time to think. If they haven't sensible things
to think of, they will think of foolish things.
Much of the labor of housekeeping is mechani
cal. I can wash dishes, make beds, sweep,
hang up clothes and iron, all without any deep
thought for the work itself; my hands know
how without my head. Peeling potatoes is
not a work that requires concentrated atten
tion, and I think I could wash the front steps
nicely with my mind on political economy.
There are times when I can't divide my facul
ties thus — for instance, when I make jelly or
boil eggs. The Boy doesn't mix politics witk
the figures he adds.
Then think of the long hours most women
spend sewing and mending in the quiet after,
noon. They can do more thinking than a
whole session of Congress. I have gone to
every political meeting this year, and the Boy
cannot say his meals are ever late or hurried.
When the Boy said women were not strong I
looked into his eyes and laughed. He knew
without words that I was laughing at the
weakness of a woman who had supported a
home all these years and could walk and wheel
and eat right along with him. As far as brute
strength goes he could break me in two with
one hand. If that is the qualification, Mr.
Sharkey must have two votes.
"Women are ignorant of the affairs of the
Nation."
Many of them are. Why should they care?
They don't study what they cannot use. Give
them a nation ana see them dig into it-= affairs,
deeper mayhap than their brothers wi6h them
disturbed.
"Some women will always be ignorant."
Now, isn't that too badl Poor, lonesome
mortal. Of course we can never find a man to
match her. All men are wise— born so. They
don't have to learn— none remain ignorant or
bigoted. When a European pauper takes out
his naturalization papers he is straightway
transformed into an American of education
and culture. But you can't do that with his
wife. <
"Women are Impressible— easily Influenced
by the talk of another."
Oh, Boy, Boy, I fear it is bo. Why could we
not be independent thinkers like men? The
stump-speaker never influences a man (ha
must be talking to women); crowds are never
swayed as one man; men never follow their
party leaders blindly; but we might, poor
gelatinous creatures. With diminished head
I pass on to the next.
"Women are not practical— they are extrava
gant; they do not look deep."
Right there, Boy. I object There isn't a
minister of finance in the United States or
Great Britain that is equal to your own
mother. There isn't a male eye can look work
over so swiftly and point out the dirt left in
corners. There isn't one man can give one
glance and say "shoddy" with her certainty.
A man would never take time to go over ac
counts to see where that extra 10 cents or 10,
-000,000 went, nor would he have the firmness
to demand that it be put back. She'd happen
around to see what sort of stuff a contractor
was rutting in, and what a noise she'd make if
she found she was being cheated. No, no,
Boy, her whole life is a lesson of economy. In
fact she'd be an awful bother to some men
with her habit of looking into things, and her
femininely unreasonable expectation of geU
tini; something for her money.
"Some women do not want to vote."
I know of some men who don't want to
smoke. Boy, but wouldn't you object vigor
ously if they tried to abridge your cigar ? The
woman who doesn't want to vote vexes me.
Not because she doesn't want to, but because
she thinks it is any of her business if I want to.
It is no use arguing. I know lam as good a
citizen as the Boy, and I want to fill my place.
I do not want it as a favor granted by the Boy.
It is my right.
Oh, how I detest the man who says In a pa
tronizing way "he'd be willing to let women
vote if they wanted to— poor things, they
would soon get tired of It"
One average woman would make three of
him mentally and morally. It is "no fair."
Olive Heydeu.IN CHILDHOOD'S
REALM
J)u>&tly Bter.
NORA HERBERT.
I.
V naughty little girl was Bess,
As naughty as could be,
She didn't care to play with dolls,
Or have a dollies' tea.
11.
She'd "wover pay wif buwer Jack"
Than all the little girls,
She didn't care "bout dressing up,"
And oh! she hated curls!
ill.
One day this naughty little girl
Went off to play at ball,
She didn't care how fast she ran,
And so she got a fall.
IV.
And oh! how she did hurt her hand,
But Jack said "boys don't cry,"
And that " girls were babies,
'Cause they liked to bawl and sigh.'
V.
That night when Bessie said her prayers
(The naughty little elf),
She said — -
"I wisht Dod made me a boy,
I wisht I wasn't jus myself."
■• -V- z
. Hurrah for July and its glorious Fourth !
Our Nation's birthday. Hurrah! We live
in a free country! Hurrah, for the
» chance :to show our feelings" in "lots of
racket and noise. Snap, snap, bim, boom,
bang! from early rooming till late at
night — and a whole week beforehand
besides. What does Young America care
for burnt fingers or singed hair?
It's all over once more; we have had a
fine time and now we've got to go to work
and save up our nickels for something
else.
There is another country which cele
brates an independence day during this
month. Tell me in your letters what
country it is and the date of the day and
just what event occurred 107 years ago in
that country. ,
As this is the first Sunday in July, of
course we have a new birthday blossom
and also a new flower of the mineral
world to consider. The lily and the ruby.
Isn't that a beautiful combination!
White lilies, the expression of purity and
modesty ; rich red rubies, emblem of the
warmth and light of this month, freeing
those whom you adorn, if they in July are
born, from all love's doubts and anxieties.
Now just one moment devoted to the
. name July. Of course you have all heard
of Julius Caesar. Well, he was born in
this month, which was called something
. else then, out after his death the calendar
was changed, and then this month was
named July in honor of him.
ZmE's F6ISRK
6F JOLY.
BY HELEN WHITXEY CLARK IS GOLDEN DAYS.
"Mammy," said little Tobias, "gimme er
dime ter buy a bsan-sbooter? Miss Pink
erton's boy, he done 'lowed he's er gwine
ter sell his'o, an' a bunch ob paper caps
foh a dime. Say, mammy, will yer?"
"Go 'way, chile; I am' got no dime,"
replied mammy, who was busy hanging
out her week's washing on a grapevine,
wbicn was stretched across the yard in lieu
of a clothesline.
"But hit's de Fou'th ob Ju.'y, termorrer,
an' I am' got nuffln' to shoot wid," per
sisted Tobias. "You might dcs gimme er
dime, mammy."
Mammy shook her turbaned head.
"Shain't," she uttered with discourag
ing taciturnity.
"Gimme er nickel, den," urged Tobias,
coaxinecly. "You got er nickel, mammy,
caze I done seed one in yo' money-pus."
"You neber mm' whut 1 got in my
money, pus," retorted mammy, with a
couple of clothespins in her mouth. "I
ain't got no nickel ter spar', Fou'th or no
Fou'th."
"But I want some fi '-crackers, ef I cam'
hab er bean-shooter," whined Tobias.
Say, mammy, why couldn' you gimme
er nickel?"
"You Tobe Johnsing, ef you don' quit
a-pesterin' de life outer me I'se gwine gib
you de bes' trouncin' you eber had in all
yo' bo'n aaya!" threatened mammy, with
rising wrath. "Ain't I done tole you I
didn' hab no nickel ter spar'? You
liiink I'se made out of nickels? Go 'long
iiiterde house, now, an 1 stir dat coffee
whut's a-parchin' in de stove oven."
And Tobias sulkily obeyed.
When his mother entered the kitchen a
short time afterward he picked up his bat
tered bat and slipped stealthily away.
"I'll hab dat bean-shooter an' deni fi'
crackers yit, see if I don't," ne muttered,
determinedly, as he crept nimbly between
two rails of the worm fence which inclosed
Mammy Johnsing'a little "truck patch"
and trudged sturdily down the road, as if
be had a definite purpose in view.
He stopped suddenly, however, aa he
caught sight of "Miss Pinkertoirs boy,"
prowling through the underbrush, a short
distance away.
"Hi, Tobel" called the boy. "There's a
rabbit down here in the brush pile. Come
on, quick, an' let's run it out?"
And, for the time being. Tobe forgot all
about his disappointment, in the excite
ment of the chase.
Mammy, in the meanwhile, had ground
some of the freshly parched coffee, and,
after refreshing herself with a cup of the
cheering beveiage, her heart relented and
she reproached herself for not acceding to
her son's request.
"Spec' I had oughter gib dat chile some
pocket change foh de Fou'th ob July,
wbut our ancisters done fit foh," she re
flected. "I hate dem snappin' pistils an
u'-crackers wussen pizon, but hit ain't
nuttin' mo'n right foh young folks to hab
tiere fun. Reckon I'll hunt out er nickel
foh Tobe, an' s' prise him when he comes
in."
And, with a benevolent smile on her
sable face, she reached for her pocket
book, which she kept in a cigar-box on
the wooden mantel, beside the eight-day
clock.
But the smile quickly faded from her
countenance and gave place to a look of
consternation.
"Lan gakes!" she exclaimed. "Whar
dat nioney-Du's' at? Somebuddy done stole
hit, sho's yo' bo'u. Now, whut I gwine
ter do foh fiou' an' coffee, I'd like ter
know?"
In the desperate hope that she might
have overlooked it, mammy took the dox
on her lap and was fumbling among its
contents, when the door opened softly and
Tobe peered cautiously within.
Rolling his eyes in eager scrutiny for a
moment, and seeming to be well satisfied
with the result of his observation, he crept
as silently as a shadow into the room, and
tiptoed across to his mother, who sat with
her back toward him.
"Hit suttiniy is gone," muttered
mammy, in a tone of despair, when
"Snap! bang!" sounded suddenly in her
ear, and with a wild shriek of terror she
sprang from her chair, while the cigar-box
dropped unheeded to the floor.
Looking about to discover the cause of
her fright, she at last espied Tobe, con
vulsed with laughter, in the very act of
putting a ires'\ cap on the toy pistol which
gleamed in his hand.
His laughter was not of long duration,
however, for with a yell which would
have done credit to a Kickapoo Indian,
mammy swooped down on her offspring,
seized him by the neckband of his cotton
shirt and gave him a woful shaking.
"You youn? riporate," she cried, wrath
fully, "if I don' lick you good hit's cSsze I
done forgot how!"
"Ouch !" howled the culprit, "lenime
go!" But mammy only shook the harder.
"You owdaciou* youne wiper!" she
shrieked, giving bim a cuff which elicited
a whole gamut of howls, "whar's dat
money-pus at, whut you done stoled
from yo' po' oie mammy?"
"800-hoo, I neber stoled no money
puV 1" wailed Tobias, dodging an im
aginary blow which he fancied was aimed
at him. "i neber teched yo' money-pus!"
But mammy was still skeptical.
"Whar you git dat pistil at, ef yo' neber
tuck dat pus ?" she demanded, accusingly.
"Hit am' my pistil," protested the vic
tim, ruefully. "Miss Pinkerton's boy he
done loaned hit ter me, ter show you, so
you'd gimme dat 'ar dime, an' — dere's yo'
money-pus now, mammy, ober yander on
de winder-sill!"
"What dat you say?" gasped mammy.
"On de winder-sill? So hit is, cbile— so
hit is! I 'member, now, I done laid hit
down when dat 'ar chicken-hawk got atter
de white pullet. Mammy's Dow'ful sorry
she done shuck you, honey, an' heah a
nickel foh dat, an' anudder foh yo' hon
esty."
"Hooray!" shouted Tobias, his injuries
forgotten. "Two nickels! Is you done
gib 'em bofe ter me, mammy, sho' an'
suttin?"
"Sho' an' suttin," repeated mammy,
emphatically.
And, with a beaming countenance,
Tobias rushed off to confide his unex
pected good fortune to his friend and
crony, "Miss Pinkerton's boy."
Mammy watched him with a smile,
though she felt a twinge of compunction
as she thought of the "shucking" so re
cently administered.
She soothed her conscience, however, by
telling herself it had not been altogether
undeserved.
"Ef he didn't stole de money, be skeered
me half out'n my wits, a-poppin' dat pistil
in de back ob my haid. de young scaper
grace!" she reflected. "'Sides which,
many's de time he 'zarved a lickin' an'
neber got bit, so dis 'un won' no mo'n even
up."
And with this cheerful view of the mat
ter, mammy dismissed it from her mind
at once and forever.
t/lj« iSj-efo* <|)O\?WeY.
Sunflower oil made from the seeds is in
great demand in this country. In Russia
millions of pounds of the seeds are raised
annually for the oil, End large quantities
of tbisoil are exported from that coun
try.
Iv the crude state it is used by painters
for inside work, but it does not quite equal
linseed oil for varnish purposes. It is
mixed with most of our cheap paints, and
also with many prepared Btains. Of late
years efforts have been made to refine the
oil so as to sell in competition with olive
oil. In fact, purified sunflower oil is used
quite extensively to adulterate salad oils.
Many consider it equal to the ordinary
grade of olive and almond oil for table uses.
It is of a pale yellow color, flavorless and
palatable.
In Maryland a good deal of this oil is
made to supply the Baltimore trade. After
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
the oil is extracted from the seeds the resi
due is made into cakes for cattle food,
and, while not so nutritious as the food
made from the fresh seeds, it is of consid
erable value. The factories that express
the oil sell the seed cakes at a merely
nominal sum.
In the poorer districts of India and Eu
rope a fair Kind of bread is made from
sunflower seeds, and the natives depend
upon it for a steady article of diet. Their
cattle are fed with the same diet, only the
seeds and heads are chopped up topether,
and even tho leaves are fed to the animals.
The stalks, when stripped of their
leaves and heads, are dried and used for
fuel. One acre of sunflowers will yield a
great many cords of good wood. The
stalks are large, tough, brittle and good
burners. A few acres of such fuel will last
one all winter.
There are many other uses for sunflow
ers that the ingenuity of man has devised,
but the instances cited are sufficient to
Roj(*^'j ( 'tte^. " : —
BY E. CAVA7.ZA.
Rosina's kitten was so good
She made for it a crimson cloak
And called it her Red Riding-Hood;
And to the kitten thus she spoke:
" You darling little sweet, you!
No wolf shall ever eat you —
And neither would I ever dream,
For all you are so good,
Of trusting you to carry cream,
My own Red Riding-Hood !"
— Wide Awake.
The Seven Brothers— '''Say, don't tell on us. We're hiding from the cook."
— Golden Days.
HOW BIG
JACK SAVED
THE MINE.
31 Stopy fop Children.
"Look at the donkey with his tail on
fire!" cried Willy, running pell-mell into
the house, in a high state of excitement.
"What's the matter with Willy,
mamma?" asked Elsie. "He's crazy."
"You just go there," said Willy, point
ing to the window.
The whole family ran to the window and
looked across the bare, bro-vn old hills,
covered with sagebrush. There, sure
enough, just disappearing over the top of
the ridge, was a donkey with his tail on
fire. At the same time they glanced across
Pussy's Toilette.
to a hieh hill where the miners hoisted
the gold ore out of the ground, and saw
volumes of white smoke curling up into
the sky.
"It's a volcano," snouted Elsie clapping
her bands. "I know, 'cause I saw one in
my geography."
But Mr. and Mrs. Ellis looked very
serious.
"The mine's aSre," exclaimed Mr. Ellis
suddenly. And without another word he
snatched up his hat and rushed out of the
house.
The children looked op at their mother
with open mouths.
"And the poor donkey," said Mrs. Ellis,
"must have got caught in the fire and run
out through the tunnel."
Two hours later Willy was on his way to
the mouth of the tunnel to see if he
couldn't pet a ride into the mine on a mule
team. He was walking alongside the
great shed where the gold ore is hauled
from the tunnel to the stampmill, when a
really curious sight met his eyes. He
i saw a donkey with his head poked through
On the Fourth of July long ago,
That honored and fortunate day,
Our ancestors boldly said " No ! "
T ? o the stranger's imperious sway.
And undaunted by hardship and pain,
Those sturdy old heroes declared
Independence they all would maintain,
And bravely for battle prepared.
And long shall our chronicles tel!
On that glorious page of the past,
How our fathers fought nobly and well
And our fetters were broken at last.
So now on the Fourth of July
Let children, and elder folk', too,
To that old voice of freedom reply'
With a cheer for the Red, White and
Blue. —Youth's Companion.
'<o/rC YcvrHS cOMPAHtoM
an opening in the shea wall, where a ]
board had been broken out, talking to
some one inside. At least that's what he ,
told his mother and sister on his return to i
the house.
"I don't believe a donkey can talk," said
Elsie. "You can't fool me."
'JShi" said Afra. En i3i "let Willy go on." I
"You needn't believe me if you don't
want to," said Willy, the color rising to
his cheeks; "but I guess I ought to know, i
Wasn't I there? I got in through another |
opening in the shed and heard the whole |
thing. The outside donkey was talking to i
another donkey inside. The inside one !
was a big fellow and looked terribly sad. j
He was leaning up against the wall, look- j
ing awful weak in the knees, and he was
crying, too. Yes, sir. Tears were drop
ping from his eyes and little sparks from
the end of his tail, where it was burnea."
"That was the same donkey we saw on
the hill," interrupted Elsie, her eyes as
big as saucers.
"I kno* both of 'em," continued Willy, j
"The outside donkey was old McQuaia's
Jenny, and the one inside was big Jack,
that's worked in the mine for ten years.
And this is what they said.
" 'You're looking pretty rocky this morn
ing,' said Jenny, poking her head into
the sbed. 'What's the matter?'
"Jack gave a big snorting sigh and shook !
his tail sadly.
" 'Well, I guess you'd feel rocky. I got
burned out, that's what's the matter. My
tail caught fire, and I had to run like the
deuce to put it out. I tried water first; ij
ducked my bead in a barrel in the tun
nel.'
" 'You put your bead in to put your tail
out. That's funny— ha! ha!' And Jenny j
laughed a great coarse mule laugh.
" 'I don't see anything funny about it,'
said Jack. 'And, besides, I nearly got
killed with gas. But I saved the mine.'
" 'How was that?'
" 'Well, it was this way. You see, there
was no watchman underground, and they
left me hooked up to a car way down in
the mine. Toward morning I began to
smell smoke. Then the air got thicker,
and I couldn't see the light from the
lantern hanging around my neck. Finally
I heard a crackling noise, and I thought it
was about time to get out and give the
alarm. I made one big lunge and
upset the car, which got unhooked from j
my Harness. Then I ran straight into j
some burning timbers."
" 'Foolish thing to do,' said Jenny.
" 'Well, I couldn't see where the smoke
was coming from, and I didn't know where
1 was going. While I was plunging around
in the dark I felt my tail burning, and I
knew the only thing to do was to run as
fast as I could to keep the fire from spread
ing over the rest of my body. So I started
out in the other direction. It was terriDle.
I couldn't see anything. But I just kept
shouting, "The mine's afire! the mine's
afire I" and ran as fast as ever I could.
41 'Finally 1 eot through the smoke. I
saw a little speck of light in the distance
and knew it was the mouth of the tunnel.
But I kept right on running through the
town and over the hill, shaking my burn
ing tail and calling out louder and louder,
"The mine's afire." Then I lay down to
rest myself. By and by some boys came
and patted me and said: "Jack, why don't
you put your tail out?" I told them I was
too tired. They said, "Poor Jack!' and
stamped a little on my tail and put it out.
" 'Then they led me back here and tied
me up. Oh, I tell you I'm tired of work
ing in that dark old mine, groping around
in the dim light of candles, bumping my
head on the roof of tunnels and wearing
my ears out, and getting my feet wet
besides. And nobody pays any attention
to me. or gives me any thanks. 1 just get
pushed away into odd corners, and have to
wait there patiently till the cars fill up. 1
" 'Your ears always were too long,' said
Jenny, spitefully.
"Jack began to cry harder, and wiped the
tears away with his ear.
" 'You must have rather a combustible
tail,' Jennie went on.
" 'I don't know what you mean by that
big word,' sobbed Jack, 'but I guess if
you were in my fix, you wouldn't feel like
hearing such remarks!'
"Just then some miners came along and
led Jack away."
"Where did they take him?" asked
| Elsie, drying her eyes.
"I don't know," said Willy.
But it was rumored all over town the
next day that Big Jack had really saved
the. mine. As soon as he had given the
alarm the burning timbers were put out
and the foreman of the mine decided that
Jack should be rewarded.
He was led away to a vacant, grassy lot
with a barn on it, wnere he lives to this
day, just eating grass and hay and sleep
ing and doing nothing. People come and
look at him over the fence, where a big
sign is nailed:
"This is Big Jack, who gave the alarm
of fire and saved the Kosedale mine."
F. L. B.
THE LETTER
BOX
San Francisco, June 29, 1896.
Dear Editor: I am nine years old. I go to
the Marshall Primary School. I was in the
fourth grade, but now am promoted inlo the
fifth.
I like to read the Boys' and Girls' Page, espe
cially the letters. This is my first letter to
The Call. Hoping to see it published in the
next. Sunday's paper, I remain, your little
reader, Ruby Baknebot.
Sweettand, Cal., June 18, 1896.
Dear Editor: I think The Call is the best
paper because it has a page for the children
in it. I like to read the stories and letters and |
try to solve the puzzles, which I have suc
ceeded in doing this week. I have a brown
dog whose name is Bismarck. If you throw a
8 tick in the water he will go and get it. He is
a bird dog and can swim fine. Hoping to see
my letter in sight next week, I remain yours
truly, Oscar Angilley.
Pan* Francisco, Cal., June 22, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call. lam 11 years old. Our school closed on
the 19th of June and I am going to the coun
try after the Fourth of July. I have got the
answers of the puzzles. Hoping that my letter
will be published in next Sunday's Cam,, I re
main your friend, Elner RTAX.
P. B.— Papa is a Republican, and I do hope
McKinley will be President.
San Francisco, Cal., June 28, 1896.
Dear Editor: I am 8 years of age. I was
visiting my grandmother's to-day, who has
been taking The Call for thirty-four years.
While I was looking over the paper I found
the children's page and liked the stories and
letters, so I thought I would write oiie too. I
have been attending school for two years, and
am promoted to the third grade.
Eugene L. Hawley.
Oakland, Cal., June 29, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call. I have been reading the letters in the
Sunday Call and thought I should like to see
a letter of mine printed too.
I am staying with my sister in Oakland, who j
takes The Call, and thinks it is the best i
paper. I have solved all the puzzles and hope
they are correct. lam your new friend,
Jeannette McKeever, aged 12 years.
Oakland, Cal.. June. 1896.
Editor of the San Francisco Call — Dear Sir:
lam proud nf the fact that lam a native son
of the Golden West. But my parents came
from Chicago. lam 13 years old and glad to
have an opportunity to attend the public
school. I have parents who have taught me
to love the flag that I hope will ever float in
the free air of America. We have taken The
Call for some eleven years, and think it—
since its change of editors— tne best on the
coast I am particularly interested in the chil
dren's page and hope soon to send some an
swers to the puzzles. Albert Ralston.
Pacific Grove, Cal., June 21, 1896.
Dear Editor: I have never written to The
Call before, but I think it is a fine paper. I
enjoy the children's page very much, and on
Sunday I am always anxious to see it. Inclosed
are four of the puzzles which I think to be
right. I have a small sister and a brother in
school. I should be much pleased if my letter
escapes the waste basket.and also should be very
much pleased to Bee my letter in next Sun
day's Call. Yours sincerely,
ANNIE H. GOWARD.
San Francisco, June 24, 1896.
Dear Editor: I was very sorry that you did
not publish my last letter, but then you did
not have room for it. I have not tried any puz
zles yet, but I think I shall soon.
In our school we do not know whether we
are promoted until after vacation. If I gel pro
moted I will be in the fiita erade. We have
vacation until the 3d of August. lam looking
out for a story and shall send one as soon as I
can think of a good one. I think I shall write
a fairy tale, because I like such stories best I
can think of no more at present From your
little friend, Antoinette Crawford.
W AT9ONVILI.E, Cal., June 23.
Dear Editor : This is my first letter to you.
Hive in Oakland, but am spending my vaca
tion on my uncle's farm. I attend the Lincoln
School, and last term was promoted into the
A sixth grade. My teacher's name is Miss
Grace Campbell. I have been very much in
terested in the Childhood's Realm.
I made out two of the puzzles in last Sun
day's Call, and hope my answers are correct,
and next time I'll try to answer more.
Here is something I wrote about "The Little
Buttercup":
When I awake I wane with the sun,
When I rest I'm covered with dew,
During the long afternoon
I shine wiih a golden hue.
But when the winter days come round,
With their rum, and wind, and snow,
I have to be burled deep in the ground
Till tlie summer comes, you know.
I shall close now, hoping to see my letter in
next Sunday's Call. Affectionately yours,
Jennie C. Morgan, aged 12 years.
Calistoga, Cal., June 22, 1896.
Dear Editor: 1 was pleased to see my letter
in The Call last Sunday, and also glad to see
that my answers to the puzzles were right. I
have the answers to three of the puzzles this
time. Two I feel sure are right, bat I can
think of so many answers to the other (and
none seem exactly right) that I can't feel suro
about it.
Our school has been out about four weeks,
and begins again in August. I was promoted
from the seventh to the eighth grade. I ought
to finish this school in two more years, as the
ninth grade is the highest we have here. I will
be very glad when the time comes to graduate,
for although I don't hate to go tc school as
some do, still I want to get through as soon as
possible. Your friend, STA Narone.
South San Francisco, June 22, 1896.
Dear Editor: lam a little girl 6 years old.
My papa takes Ihk Call. Igo to the South
San Francisco School. My teacher's name is
Miss Goßs. This is my fim letter to The Call,
the paper I like, for it has a children's page.
I have one sister and one brother. I guess
I'll close. Your new friend,
Amelia Boehringek.
SanLeandro, June 22.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter. I go to
school. lam 8 years old. Next year I shall
be in the second grade. My teacher's nama
will be Miss O'Donnell. I have three brothers
and three sisters. We had a nice old cat, but
she got to killing chickens, so some one killed
her. We have some kittens, but they are too
young to catch the gophers that are so very
numerous we do not know what to do. This
morning Lon, my brother, caught one and
papa killed it. Mamma thinks the State ought
to pay a bounty of 5 cents for gophers, then all
the boys would be catching them.
I like the Children's Realm very much and
wish there were two pages. My papa likes
The Call better than the Chronicle. If you
think this letter is good enough to print I may
try to write a Btory when I get bigger.
Carrie Grace Brenton.
PISBBLES.
Questions and puzzles for July 5 :
I. If a man bumped his head against the
ceiling, what article of stationery would he
get?
11. What is the difference between persever
ance and obstinacy?
111. What is the difference between the man
ager of a theater and a sailor?
Alice Bell.
IV. Dropped vowels.
A wise saying.
B jst bfr yr gnrs. Pinkie Forgik.
V. Lttl strks fll grt ks. Eva Frame.
VI. My lis in life, but not in death.
My 2 X in Inez, but not in Beth.
My 3 is in vineyard, but not in fruit.
My 4 is in scream, but not in hoot,
My 5 is in ear, but not in ere.
My 6 is in pine, but not in sigh.
My 7 Is In orange, but not la peach.
My 8 is in ocean, bat not in beach.
My 9 is in linger, but not in reach.
My whole is a city for commerce noted.
For iron and coal are daily boated.
Maud Mauobv.
PI
Something dear to the heart of Young
Americans.
SRICERCFAKER
Correct answers to all or a majority of puz
zles for June 28 have been received from
Pinkie Forgie, Eva Frame, Elmer Ryan, Jean
nette McKeever, Jennie Morgan, Isabella
Grass, Anna A. Clttir, M. Frances Gianella.
Also received an interesting article on Mlver
from Ninintat Bruce, and ever so many stories
about "the little girl and the ducks." Of
course we must wait until boys and girls at a
distance have time to send in their stories be
iore we select any for publication.
♦
Correct Answers to Puzzles of Jane 28.
I. In the dictionary.
11. The cat has her claws (claus) before her
paws (pause), and the comma has its pause be
fore its clause.
111. June, Wild Rose-Agate.
IV. Reserved— deserved , and reserved.
V. (o) Cypress. (6) Hemlock, (c) Pine.
V. (d) Cedar, (c) Apple. (/) Fir. (g) Ash.
(A) Fig.
V. (a) California. (6) Oregon, (c) Louisi
ana, (d) Orange, (c) Rhode Island. (J) Ala
bama, (p) Dates, (ft) Ohio.
Name of river— Colorado.
Names of those who sent in correct answers
to all or a majority of puzzles for June 28: Lou
and May Parsons, Ray Stuart, Madalena Lazo
marslno, M. J. Selig, Helen A. Hills, Eva Na
vone.
Answers to t orre«ponrlent*.
M. Selig— Tne list of words has been de
stroyed. Am very sorry.
Jennie Hills— Letters for this department
should be directed to
Mary W. Richards,
Ban Francisco Call,
San Francisco,
Cal.
2728
ELECTRICITY IN
MODERN WARFARE,
Is it Destined to Revolution
ize Military and Naval
Science?
Speculation Based Upon the Swiss
Discovery of " Charmed
Bullets."
Engineer W. Stuart -Smith Discusses
the Matter for the Benefit of
"Call" Readers.
The influence of electricity upon modern
naval and military methods is a subject of
wide speculation at the present time. In
some quarters it is thought that the subtle
fluid will work a revolution in methods of
warfare. The particular phenomenon
upon which such speculation is based was
observed by a committee of the Swiss Fed
eral Rifle meeting in summing up the re
sults of the practice shooting of the troops
at Winterthur. This committee noticed
that nearly all the shots tired from the
richtside of the range had hit the target
to the right of the bullseye, while those
tired from the left side had, with an
equally singular persistency, hit the left
half of* the target. The great number of
men who took part in the shooting pre
cluded the idea that this singular result
couid have been due to the personal pecu
liarities of the soldiers, for while it may
be true that one marksman habitually
shoots too high, another too low or to the
right or left of tne mark, with a large
number ot individuals firing at the same
target these idiosyncrasies of marksman
ship would be set off one against the other
and the misses wonld be fairly distributed
on all sides of the bullseye. It became
necessary, therefore, to find an extraneous
and single cause for the remarkable uni
formity with which the bullets appeared
to have been deflected from their proper
course.
The wind could not have produced the
effect noted, since, in the first place, allow
ance had doubtless been made by the
riflemen for deflection by aerial currents,
and on the other hand, if the wind had
diverted the missiles the deflection would
luive been in the same direction on both
of the rani;e. An examination of the
steel-cad bullets extracted from the tar
gets disclosed the fact that they had be
come magnetic, and this led the commit- j
tee to enteitain the theory that the phe
n menon observed by it might have been
due to electric influence exerted by the
larg',- number of telegraph and telephone
wires which run along both sides of the
range at Winterthur. Further experi
ment at the ranees of Thun and Berne
proved this theory to be correct, and the
remarkable discoveries made at these trials
rmiy effect another complete change in
military tactics. The following account
of one of the experiments is given by the
Journal de Geneve:
"At Thun. authorities established parallel
with the lifle range, at a distance of a little
more than forty yards, an electric current
of 8000 volts, carried along lour steel
cables. With a view of tracing the whole
effect, paper circlets were placed at inter
vals of ten yard" along the line of fire.
The first experiments were made with the
Swiss model rifles of 1889. With this the
influence of the eiectric current was at
once apparent. In a distance of 260 yards
tie bullet took a lateral deviation of j
twenty-four yards, and after that the curve j
o: the trajectory was still more marked.
The second experiments were made with
the Japanese 3.cJmru rifle of Colonel Ya
niagata, and they were still more decisive,
the bullet being rapidly attracted to the
electric wires and following their course
with absolute servility. Further attempts
were made with artillery. The range
selected was one of 3000 yards. Two
hundred vans in front of tae targets, but
forty yards to the side, was placed the
electric battery. Every shot was diverted
by its influence far to the side of the target
—to be exact, ilie deviation was one of 14
degrees."
It is interestine to note some of the re
markable conclusions drawn by Eastern
writers from those results. One of them
says, for instance, that "a dynamo or ac
cumulator of the requisite power placed on
the flank of a com pan y of infantry would
insure the men complete immunity from
the fire of small arms within a range of
500 yards and upward; for all of the bul
lets would be diverted toward the mag
netic field created by the electric current
from the dynamo or accumulator. Simi
larly, artillery tire could be rendered
harmless at a ranee of 1000 yards and
over. It would, perhaps, be premature
to assert that the consequence of this
discovery will be the doom of the mod
ern small-bore military rifle, with its
steel-jacketed bullet, for it might be
practicable to inclose the leaden missile
in hard bronze or some other metal not
affected by magnetism. Artillery wouid
probably remain destructive enough on
the battle-field by the use of explosive
shells. It is in naval warfare that the
discovery may have the most important
consequence?. In Conan Doyle's 'Stark
Munro Letters' the hero is credited with
an invention to render a warship immune
from the shots of an enemy by placing
electric accumulators at its stem and stern.
The idea was to deflect steel projectiles by
magnetism, just like the Swiss military
authorities have in fact succeeded in do
ing. It would certainly be a revolutionary
departure if instead of incasing our battle
ships in heavy bombproof armor we could
encompass them with an impalpable mag
netic veil which would compel the great
armor-piercing steel projectiles to pass
harmlessly by."
A representative of The Call inter
viewed W. Stuart-Smith, electrical and
mechanical engineer. United States navy
(retired), on the subject of the electrical
influence above mentioned. Mr. Smith
smiled broadly as he read the Eastern
newspaper deductions. His own views
are valuable as coming from a recognized
authority on these matters. "The experi
ments made by the Swiss military au
thorities," said he, "while of considerable
interest from a scientific standpoint, will
hardly result in the adoption of methods
for rendering the firing of small arms and
great guns bo ineffective that these
weapons will be relegated to the military
scrapheap, and £he battles of the future
become hand-to-hand conflicts as in days
of old. A very superficial examination of
the conditions prevailing during the tests
will show what is required in order that
deflection of the shot may be produced.
The reports of the test state distinctly that
long circuits carrying heavy currents were
LorvdorVs Qirl /\rtist.
The charming decorative drawing entitled "The Young St. Cecilia," which is re
produced above, has secured the bronze medal of the Royal Drawing Society this year.
The artist, Miss Nellie Kuck, a young lady of 16, has already won a considerable
measure of success. Two years ago she was awarded Lord Leighton's prize for her
drawing, "The Mermaid," and he then recommended her to adopt the artist's profes
sion. Last year she obtained Sir George Kekewich's prize for an illustration of "Un
dine. 1 : and this drawing represents her third success. — London Chronicle.
placed parallel with the rifle range. This
condition must prevail in order to pro
duce any appreciable deflection. The
principle involved is that an eiectric
current in a wire produces a mag
netic field, this field theoretically ex
tending to an infinite distance from
the wire. It is most intense in
the region immediately surrounding the
wire and becomes weaker as the distance
increases, the law of variation being in
versely as the square of the distance. Any
magnetic body placed in a magnetic
field (a "magnetic body" is not necessarily
one which is magnetized, but one capable
of being magnetized. Iron possesses this
property in a far greater degree than any
other substance) is acted upon by the
magnetic lines of force and, in case the
field is one of variable intensity, tends to
pass into that portion of the field which is
most intense. Where a circuit carrying
an electric current is parallel with the line
of fire the shot, in its flight, is con
tinually acted upon by the lines
of force of the magnetic field
through which it is passing, and is sub
jected to a continuous pull toward the
wire or that portion of t c field which is
most intense. If the time during which
the shot is acted upon by the force is of
considerable duration the effect may be a
considerable deviation, as is reported to
have been the case in the Swiss experi
ments. It must not be forgotten, how
ever, that time is an important element,
and if a powerful magnet were placed
somewhere alons the line of its flight its
effect on the shot would be but momen
tary, and it could do no more than to
twitch the shot as it passed. This might
be sufficient to somewhat upset the calcu
lations of a marksman who was endeavor
ing to make a 'dead center,' but would
hardly be sufficient to cause the shot to
fly wide of an army or fortification.
"With regard to the writer who pro
poses to protect a company of infantry by
placing a dynamo or storage battery of
requisite power on the flank, it is probable
that he has in mind some new form of
Motor Attachment for Vehicles.
dynamo or battery which will automati
cally follow the company about the field
of battle, remaining continually in the
proper position on the Sank. As at pres
ent constructed dynamos and storage bat
teries would be difficult to handle in this
manner. Moreover, the dynamos or stor
age batteries would in themselves have no
effect under any circumstances, but in
order to produce any effect it would be
necessary to have wires carrying heavy
currents passing from the flanks many
hundreds of feet toward the enemy, and
the writer does not explain how he in
tends to mate these move about the Held,
following the company on these various
maneuvers, always remaining in proper
position on the flank and always reaching
out the requisite distance toward the
enemy. It is conceivable that with an
army in a fixed position on the defensive
a vast array of wires might be run out in
all directions in such a manner that any
particular company would nave wires on
its flanks into which current could be
turned, but the shots so deviated would
be likely to invade the ranks of some
other company, with a consequent pro
duction of domestic discord."
With regard to the reference to Conan
Doyle's "Stark Munro Letters" Stuart-
Smith calls attention to the error in the
statement that the hero proposes to pro
tect vessels by accumulators placed at
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
stem and stern. The proposal was to place
powerful electro-magnets overhanging
stem and stern, the idea being to so at
tract the shots as to make them clear the
vessel. "Unfortunately," said he, "if the
magnets were sufficiently powerful to pro
duce such a deflection they would attract
the shot directly to themselves and quickly
promote their own destruction, leaving the
vessel without the protection of the 'im
palpable magnetic veil.' "
Practicable Bicycle Skirt.
Ladies who object to bloomers and
sensibly desire to ride a man's bicycle can
now do so. Mrs. Elizabeth F. McCartney
of New York has patented a skirt that has
all the qualities of a pair of first-class
bloomers and the modesty of a skirt.
The front portion of the skirt is open
part of the distance from the bottom and
the inner edge secured to the back of the
skirt, which falls in the usual manner.
When riding the opening in the front of
the skirt allows it to fall gracefully on both
sides of the frame.
The J^eW Braille Poirxts System )t% WhicK Books for the Blind
Are JtaW Written.
"Vis Is the last day of the 'school
Translation— This is tne last day of the school year, and we are about to leave for our homes, to spend the vacation with
friends, and if nothing happens, will return to the institution on the last Wednesday in August, to begin another year's work.
Across the front of the skirt there is a
fly that is made so as to hang over the
opening when the wearer is not riding.
When intending to mount her wheel the
wearer unbuttons one side of the fly and
folds it over the other side. Or it can be
removed altogether.
Motor Attachment for Vehicles.
Every man who owns a buggy can now
have a horseless carriage with little ex
penditure. Heretofore one who would
own a horseless vehicle had to buy the
whole contrivance or build it himself.
But Alfred H. Kennedy of Rockport, Ind.,
has overcome this by inventing a machine
that can be attached to any wheeled ve
hicle.
Briefly, Mr. Kennedy's invention con
sists of a two-wheeied truck with a motor
mechanism and flexible attachments for
fastening it to the vehicle to be propelled.
The attachment looks like an old-fash
ioned cannon.
The details of the construction of this
device are two wheels mounted on a shaft
with a crank connection. Close to the
hubs is a framework that extends forwnrd
and carries the cylinder and other ma
chinery of a gasoline engine. Connection
between the piston and the crank shaft is
made by a connection-rod in the ordinary
way. The gasoline tank is to be carried in
the bed of the buggy.
A GREAT MAP OF
THE HEAVENLY ORBS,
It Will Delineate Thirty
Millions of Spark
ling Stars.
Big Enough to Cover Two Acres
and Cost Two Million
Dollars.
Eighteen Observatories in All Parts
of the World Engaged in
the Mighty Task.
The great map of the sky upon which
astronomers have been wording for the
last nine years is approaching completion.
It is an international affair, for no one
country could carry through such a gigan
tic task.
The heavens have been mapped out. in
sections, a section being assigned to each
of the principal observatories in the world,
and each of these eighteen observatories
must furnish a map of Us particular sec
| tion in 1500 parts. To do this 3000 photo
graphs have been taken at each observa
ory. making a grand total of 54,000 photo
graphs. The United States is not repre
sented in the international congress for
the construction of this map. Professor
Pickering of Harvard wished to undertake
a share of the work, but it was finally
decided that the great amount of time
required for the allotted section would
interfere with the general work of the
Cambridge observatories. The Yerkes
observatory was not, of course, ready at
the time, and the others did not care to
lay out the money for the necessary in
struments. The observatories sharing in
the work are those of Greenwich, Rome,
Catania, rielsingfors, Potsdam, Oxford,
Paris, Bordeaux, Toulouse, Algeno, San
Fernando, Tacubaya, Santiago (Chile), La
Plata, Rio de Janeiro, Cape of Good Hope,
Sydney and Melbourne.
The map will be in total area nearly two
acres, but must necessarily be divided up
into a manageable size. For each hemi
sphere there will be 11,000 little maps, or
22,000 for the whole sidereal universe.
Upon it will be shown about 30,000,000 of
stars. Of these 2,000,000 will be catalogued
and numbered, so that any star up to the
eleventh magnitude can be located as easily
as an island in the map of the world. The
stars actually shown upon the map will
be all those up to the fourteenth magni
tude. A great number of the stars
j shown upon the map cannot be seen
by the human eye, even with the
aid of the most powerful telescope.
The photographic plate, however, can de
tect many millions of stars which no man
has ever seen.
The long exposure necessary in order to
eet photographs of stars beyond the four
teenth magnitude renders the operation
too difficult for the construction of a map.
The measurements and exact position of
each star have to be recorded, and to do
i this hundreds of astronomers have been
working for years.
Special apparatus was purchased by
each observatory for the work. All the
instruments must be similar in size and
construction, or the photograph? would
not be alike. The international congress,
" which was held at the Paris observatory
eight years ago, decided that a telescope
must be constructed for each observatory
The Patent Bicycle Skirt.
engaged in the work. These telescopes
are all of 11 feet 3 inches focal length, with
an object glass 13 inches in diameter.
To take a stellar photograph is not &
very difficult task, says the Pittsburg Dis
patch. The fitters do not nave to look
pleasant, and the automatic movements of
the telescope keep the objective always
opposite the stars to be photographed.
The delicate part of the task consists in
the accurate measuring and placing of the
stars shown upon the photographic plate.
Each negative will be transferred in dupli
cate on copper, and the two plates will be
kept in different observatories. This is to
obviate any chance of accident to the
plates, for if both were lost the damage
would be almost irreparable. Some idea
of the magnitude of the task undertaken
may be gained from the fact that to repro
duce the map from the plates will cost over
$2,000,000. When to this ia added the cost
of the instruments, the time of the cal
culators and measurers and the number
less et ceteras which pertain to a work of
so gigantic a nature, the ultimate cost
will be tremendous. But the man, when
The Great Map of the Sky as It Would Appear if Placed on
Market Street Beside the New "Call" Building.
Latest Motor Cycle.
completed, will be of inestimable value to I
astronomers. The idea is to show just
what aspect the heavens presented at the
period represented. Any changes subse
quent to this period will be at once de
tected and valuable information gained.
The observatories participating in this
work will each bear the cost of, and De
responsible for, its own particular piece of
sky. When completed the photographs
will all be forwarded to the Paris observa
tory for the production of the map.
Stellar photographs are always used just
as they come from the camera, without
any retouching whatever. The number of
stars shown is proportionate to the length
of exposure of the sensitive plate. At
first it was intended to include stars of
the fifteenth magnitude in the measure
ments, but the tremendous additional
labor involved caused the congress to fix
tne limit at the fourteenth magnitude.
Almost nothing is known of stars which
are such an enormous distance away, and
no map or record has ever before been
made of them. As matters stand at pres
ent a few millions of them might disap
pear without astronomers being any of the
wiser. This gigantic map was planned by
the Paris observatory in ISfiH, and a propo
sition made to all the big observatories to
j assist in the work. Since that date the
i principal observatories have been busy on
I the big scheme, which will certainly be
| the most wonderful thing that modern as-
I tronomy has accomplished.
New Traction System for Single-Track Railway.
New Railway System
Inventors have for many years been
working on what is known as a "single
track" railway; that is, a system that
would have one traction rail and one over
head rail, the car to run beneath tlie two.
As long as the car was running on a
straight track, all previous inventions
seemed to do very well, b':t when curves
were reached trouble began on account of
the action of centrifugal force. As a con
quence, they have been failures.
W. H. Uoynton of Morris Park, N. V., is
the inventor of a railway system that
seems to overcome this great objection.
The principle of the invention consists in
making the two rails conform to the action
of centrifugal force; that is, to build them
at such an angle that they will axially con
form to the curve of the roadbed.
This is, of course, an easy matter to
calculate, so that the cars will swing to
the center as a bicyclist does when turn
ing a corner. By this arrangement there
will be very little strain on the upper rail
at any time, except the car should come to
a standstill, and none at all except gravity
on the lower rail.
Another point of Mr. Boynton's inven
i tion lies in the fact that the rails can be
built parallel to one another and the same
center supports answer. Trains can even
| run in opposite directions at the same
time and there would be little extra strain
as the axial center of the two trains would
be the same.
New Motor Cycle.
The horseless carriage is designed to become
a practical, every-day thing, now that inven
tive genius has solved the problem of applying
power. Charles H. Barrows, a Connecticut
man, stands ready to equip any sort ot
j vehicle with a motor, using either electricity,
! gasoline or compressed air as the power. His
I latest invention is a motor cycle built f.>r two,
] in which the power is applied to the front
wheels instead of the rear wheels, as has been
I the custom heretofore.
The invention is a very simple one, with no
j loss of energy between the motive power ana
the driving-wheels. Mr. Barrows says that
with his method there is no loss of power
through friction of intermediate machinery,
and no excess of power is required to overcome
the short-leverage strain common in the driv
j ing mechanism of other horseless vehicles.
Tbo^e Earthquake Waves-
Science sometimes illustrates a homely
old sayiner about going away from home to
pet the news. For instance, the tide roll
from the tide gauge at Sausalito has been
read by the Coast and Geodetic Survey
and the record marks with accuracy the
duration of the earthquake waves on the
Japanese coast on June 15. Such a record
it would be impossible to make at the
scene of the disaster, for the tide gauge
could not stand under a pressure of waves
thirty feet high sweeping over it. Obser
vations made by local spectators cannot
take the place of the gauge with which
the sea makes its own indisputable record.
The first earthquake wave from Japan, on
! June 15, arrived at Sausalito just about
twelve hours after it received its impulse
in Japan. The first wave was the largest.
This was one foot high at Sausalito. but it
will be recollected that on the Hawaiian
Islands the wave was thirty feet high.
Undoubtedly number one was higher
than one foot when it reached the Golden
Gate, but as it ran through the gate it
was much diminished in size, and as it
ran around a corner to get to Sausalito
c here was a furt her shrinkage. The crests
of the waves as they arrived at Sausalito
were about fifteen to twenty minutes apart,
and they continued to come for about
twenty-four hours. The time taken to
ransmit the oscillation verities the speed
observed in the waves that ran here from
Simoda in 1854, and is a very interesting
demonstration.
LOWEST HUMAN FORM .
FOUND IN JAVA.
Scientists Think It Will
Turn Out to Be the
Missing Link.
Coffin Torpedoes That Are Cal
culated to Blow Up Grave
Robbers.
Peculiar Devices for Securing the
Escape of Those Buried Alive
Recently Patented.
The "missing link" that scientists have
been searching after ever since Mr. Dar
win announced his theory of the descent
of man from the lower animals may have
been found at last.
There have recently been uncovered in
Java by a French scientist, M. Dubois, a
tbign bone, part of a skull and two molar
teeth that seem without doubt to be the
fragments of one of these extinct man
apes.
The teeth are as much larger then the
teeth of the African as the negro's teeta
are larger than the European's. Tha
thigh bone is the size of that bone in the
average man of to-day. The skull ia
about the average in point of brain ca
pacity between the average European and
the highest ape.
The femur or thigh bone is naid to be
unquestionably human. Authorities differ
as to the character of the skuil and teeth.
Shall they be called Human or apish? The
answer can only be definitely given when
all the steps in the change from man to
ape are in evidence and the dividing line
conventionally established.
Professor S. E. Tilhnan, writing in the
Cosmopolitan, says about the Java discov
eries:
"The consensus of scientific opinion,
however, decides that all the remains
must be regarded as numan. It cannot
be definitely determined from this fintl
alone, but it is probable that this so
called Pithecanthropus (erect ape) is the
lowest human form yet found, and is one
of the 'missing links' connecting: man
with earlier and less human forms, and
that he stands a long way off from man
on the line leading to these forms.
"This statement should not be under
stood as impl3*ing any direct connection
between existing men and existing apes,
for it is pretty certain that while both of
thrse may be traced to a common ancestor,
thej have not traveled the same path
from that ancestor to the present, and no
discovery will ever bridge the chasm be
tween them."
To Bow Up Grave Robbers.
The "coffin torpedo" is the latest pat
ented device in the line of burial appli
ances. It is introduced into the casket
before the latter is closed, tne arrange
ment being such that any attempt to force
the receptacle open will release a spring,
strike a percussion cap and set off the
bomb. This means air Lost sure death to
the unsuspecting grave robber, whose in
dustry the invention in. question is de
signed to discourage.
Live people do a great deal of thinking
about death, if one is to judge from the
immense numbers of patents that have
been granted for inventions having rela
tion to the tomb, says the Philadelphia
Times. They run up into the thousands,
and not a few of them are weird and grisly
enough to make the flesh creep. Among
the most interesting are the so-called
"life signals." These are contrivances in
tended to secure the release of persons
prematurely interred. There can be no
doubt that to many human beings the
fear of being buried alive some day is a
haunting dread through life.
All of the patented devices for life sig
nals have one feature in common — namely,
a wire or cord attached to the hand of the
supposed corpse. In each case it is in
tended that any movement shall set off
an alarm of some kind. One contrivance
employs a small red flag, which shoots up
from the grave and displays itself above
ground if required. Another is called a
"grave annunciator." A disturbance in
the coffin closes an electric circuit and
springs an alarm in the watchhouse of
the cemetery. The superintendent takes
note of the number of grave indicated by
the alarm, and proceeds without delay to
die up the victim.
Yet another species of apparatus is oper
ated by a spring catch, which throws open
the lid of a tube extending from the coffin
to above the ground, tbus admitting air.
At the same time a bell is set ringing.
On a somewnat different principle is an
indicator in a glass case, to be placed on
top of the grave and communicating by
wires with the alleged defunct below. I!
the latter moves at all, a needle shows it.
Most elaborate of all such devices is one
in which a wire is attached to a ring on
the thumb of the corpse. The slightest
movement of the hand pulls a trigger
which starts a clockwork mechanism.
This sets off an alarm, and at the same
time puts in operation a fan which
forces down a tube into the coffin. There
is a second tube provided with a lamp and
reflector, so arranged that one may look
down and see the face of the deceased.
After a reasonable period has elapsed, tne
tubes are to be withdrawn.
A statistic fiend has figured out that a
man who shaves regularly until he is 80
cuts off about thirtv-tive feet of hair from
his face.
, NEW TO-DAY. ■:
Trom U.S. Journal of iledMna.
jn\ * Prof.W. H.Peeke,
II J4A ji-i who makes a special-
|Hl Fw ty of E P ile s >'' has
II i a without doubt treat-
M M. %-^r and cured more
cases than any living
/T Physician;
/ T . ._ _ J his success
I 1 1 ■ f»/l is astonish-
VUICU behave
, heard of
cases of 20 years' standing cured by
him. . ; He publishes a valuable work
on this disease, which he sends
with "a large bottle of his absolute
cure, free to any sufferer who may
send their P.O. and Express address.
We advise ■> anyone wishing a cure
to address ;
*rof.W.H.PEEKE,F.D.,4CedarSt.,N.Y.Countess (Anna Gould) Castellane In Her Gown of Pink Japanese Shin-Shin, Worn at a
Recent Fashionable Gathering in Paris.
[Reproduced from (he New York World.]
From all quarters
we hear of weddings
and enga ements,
trousseaux and wed
ding gifts. Among
the most interesting
weddings in Wash
ington, D. C, last
month, were those of
Miss Stevenson and
Miss Fenwick. You
have all heard, or
read, excellent de
scriptions ot the first
charming girl's gown
and gifts, but ncr-
E^erxirvg QoWr\s
of Wkite Satirv
Arvd Diamonds
haps you did not know that, for the first
time in the history of the United States,
the Senate sent a beautiful love token,
which will always, it is needless to say, be
a valued heirloom. Very handsome was
the great roll of white satin brocade be
stowed upon her by the Chinese Minister.
As some one wrote, each beautiful remem
brance seemed to have some specially fas
cinating significance.
Pretty Miss Fenwick, an exquisite
blonde, who has not only cameo-like
features and golden hair, but a most fasci
nating smile as well, was married the
same day at noon. The quaint old church
where her mother had been married was
converted into a fairy-like spot by the
masses of palm fronds that arched their
beauty against the glowing background.
Against this palm grove the bridal pro
cession was massed, a train of about a
dozen maids and ushers, the maids all in
pink, with picture hats. Wnile waiting
for the coming of the bride the organist
played "Annie Laurie," the same air that
was rendered when the bride's mother
was married. After the maids and ushers
had taken their place every one looked for
the bride to follow, but instead, next en
tered all her classmates from Columbian
University, maids and men, in their Ox
ford caps and gowns. Most effective was
this innovation, recalling to many lines
from the "Princess."
No one can ever accuse the American
matron or maid of not possessing many
original ideas, and from Baltimore I hear
that at the Robinson-Morton wedding by
way of novelty the bride'B cake w.is pink,
put up in pink boxes tied with ribbons to I
niatch. The bonbons, ices, and every- ;
thing you can imagine at a perfectly
served and elaborate breakfast, were of a |
rosy hue.
The coming marriage of the Princess
Maud will be interesting, as she is a
young woman of strong individuality, <
bright, gay and so full of mischief that, |
w ith all who know her, she is a great j
favorite, and even were not this the case >
the gowns designed in Paris for a Princess j
must excite a pleasurable amount of j
curiosity in most feminine minds. For I
e *atnpie, one white gauze frock destined
'or a ball ia of white gauze embroidered
Wlth appliques of Louis 2LV lace mixed
i with diamond and sky-blue stones; this is
made over white satin. It is half long, a
row of embroidery encircles the foot. The
; low bodice is made with a rounded point,
i the embroidered gauze being introduced
|as trimming. The sleeves are short and
j puffed.
Another evening dress is of white satin
l embroidered all round with imitation
j diamonds, which are also introduced at
I the sides in quillea. The low bodice has
j two crossed scarfs worked with beads and
i diamonds. On the left shoulder is a bunch
jof white and mauve acacia. A calling
costume of sapphire blue velvet has been
greatly admired, moonlight Dlue spangles
j and steel adorn it; the pointed bodice has
j iong Henry II sleeves with very moderate
puffs. The large collar is ala Medici 3 and
j in front of tiie bodice is a bouffant of sky
| blue satin veiled with white tulle.
A dress for the races is composed of black
i and white striped Pekin, with small roses
■ scattered over the white. The bodice is of
j the same with small close sleeve 3, the
smallest possible puff is at the top. A
laree falling collar extends to the waist of
guipure, and in front is a soft vest of white
mousseline de soie. Yet one more evening
1 pown must I describe. It has a cuirass
I bodice of pink satin veiled with white
j tulle, richly embroidered with white silk
! braid spangled with silver, gold, diamonds
: and mauve.
Tins embroidery extends in points much
: lower than the hips on the pink satin
I skirt. The neck and front of the bodice
is completed with straps and bows of
black velvet and white tulip.
From the same celebrated house comes
an elaborate evening cloak of satin ble
( t hat is thesliadeof ripe corn). Silver and
diamonds are combined in the rich em
broidery which adorns the front and back.
The Louis XV style is carried out. Long
and wide are the sleeves and the cape is
cut in scallops embroidered like the rest
and edged with a flounce of white gauze
having a satin border.
A pink taffeta sacque has square
tabbed basques bordered with black vel
vet, and also embroidered in the Louis
XV Btyle with iris beads and gold, in
front is a mass of plisse tulle and velvet
bows, between the embroidered revers
are a few large diamond buttons. The
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
sleeves have toward
the back at the top a
puff, otherwise they
fit closely, with a
Louis XV cuff at the
wrist.
Thus far no article
of this Princess'
trousseau has given
her so much pleasure
as a coat of rich
white satin. In style
it is Louis Quatorze.
The revers, gauntlet
cuffs and deep collar
are 01 an exquisite
' sliver brocade. The sleeves have puffs
which reach to the elbows. Beyond the
cuffs extend frills of chiffon, daintily
worked with silver. The chiffon appears
as frills on the full vest of white satin.
Now, the reason the Princess is delighted
with this coat is because it is a work of
love of six young girls who are learning
the art of dressmaking. Their instructors
furnished the materials which they have
so skillfully put together, willingly hav
ing given up their spare moments and
holidays to complete it. This bit of senti
ment naturally appealed to the maiden so
soon to become a wife.
A fetching scrap of a woman who had
lately become a matron certainly has ex
quisite taste and extravagant ideas, which
a skillful woman abiy carries out. For
instance, imagine a canvas dress of very
coarse texture, of a ficelle tint, mounted
on white taffeta, the full bodice over
hanging a very narrow belt of white kid,
braided with white silk braid, showing a
vest embroidered hi white silk cut down
to the waist, thus revealing a dainty
waistcoat of creamy mousseline de soie.
With this charming conception is to be
worn a black chip hat, !ined with white,
of the fashionable Lamballe shape. Scarfs
of black and white mousseline de soie
i-'dged with lace, a cluster of black and
white ostrich feathers and a cachepeigne
of wisteria gracefully trimmed.
Such an artistic frock, not many moons
ago, was worn by a sylph-like blonde at a
garden party. It was of the palest green
crepe de chine, with braces and a corslet
of the very finest lace studded with silver
sequins. Round the waist was twisted a
velvet ribbon just two shades darker than
the gown. This appeared a?ain at the
! throat, but was covered with the sequined
! lace. A hat of cream Tuscan, having a
, white chiD lining, tea roses, tulle and a
touch of green velvet, went perfectly with
the costume. At the same affair was
j noted a black silk spotted grenadine over
j white silk, made with a tucKed white
j chiffon vest which hung from a small yoke
\ which was made of the finest imitation
, opals I have ever seen.
Quite bewitching is a gown for a fashion
able report of mauve and whit? shaded
i brocade, with mauve satin collar and vest
1 enriched with green and mauve sequins;
A Trio of Dainty Hats and Waists From the Paris and London Fashion Plates.
The yachting sea
son has come, so Red
fern has been fairly
outdoing himself, as
all admit the charm
of his creations. For
a tall and slender
woman what could
be more suitable than
his latest? The skirt
and a novel pointed
over - bodice are
formed of fine white
serge; the unrier
bodice, which is made
to fit easily and
Some of tke
Latest Gyclirvg arvd
Yacktir\g Suits
without much fullness, being of a soft
thick washing silk, matches the serge.
The plain under-sleeve are of the same
white silk. What gives this pown so unus
ual an amount of novelty and style is the
way the back and front of the bodice are
connected. The immediate center of the
back of bodice is composed of one deep
Vandyke of the white serge; the point,
however, terminates in a small full
basque; then a wide sash of navy surah
starts where the basque is held down by
two gilt anchor buttons. Half of this
sash is continued across the front in the
matter of a deep waistbelt, while the
other half is separated into three folded
bands, which are in their turn fastened to
the fronts of bodice by the same kind of
gold naval buttons as are employed at the
back of basque. All the outlining of this
smartfrock has been carried out in a fine
navy cord, and it would be difficult to find a
more perfect gown, either for shore-going
or the more serious business of deck wear.
The model illustrated may be worn by
any one with a good figure. lam quite in
love with it. We are told the skirt is "of
navy solent serge. The upper part of the
bodice is a unique adaptation of a bolero
jacket, and is made of white serge of the
same manufacture as the skirt. A band
of navy-blue is applique to the edge of the
shoulder-epaulettes, to the tabs of the col
lar and those coming from the neck, both
front and back, and the same serge appears
between the curled design, which edges
the bolero. This design is formed of a
lovely tinsel braid, a mixture of many
shades of gold, so deftly woven in with
strands of silk as to give the braid a soft,
old-metal appearance. This braid edges
the bands of navy on the other parts of
the upper bodice and navy satin lines in
the epaulettes. What gives such a dis
tinction, however, to this elegant costume
is the soft, dull silk of which the loose
under bodice and sleeves are composed.
The design ia a fine equal stripe of white
and Sefres-blue, which tones exquisitely
with the other material employed. The
hat of Panama straw is trimmed with
bows, and a painted flag appears on one of
the upstanding ends, denoting that its
wearer possesses the open sesame to the
inclosure of the R. Y. S. White doe
gloves and white silk parasol, with a stripe
of blue satin round the edge of the cover. "
From an equally celebrated tailor is a
chic bicycle suit of nn«! white serge, with
which are to be worn white hat, veil,
gloves and the daintiest of little black
laced kid boots. The skirt reaches the
ankles, and under it are worn riding
breeches of a heavy wMite cloth.
"The reason why I cannot tell, but this
I know I know full well" (I cannot con
tinue to quote the old rhyme, for It would
not be applicable) every fashionable
woman in Paris has purchased, or or
dered, within the last few days a cache
poussiere, and the latest is called the
"Manon," as it resembles the cloak worn
by Manon-Lescant when she descended
from the coach, but the "Manon" cloak
now bo popular is cut to fit the figure, in
stead of hanging from the neck in numer
ous plaits. At the Grand Prix was worn a
cloak pronounced stunning. It was com
posed of a light weight covert coating,
very simple, with an exceedingly wide
cape and an equally large collar. It was
lined with a rich taffeta and was only
trimmed with scallops of the cloth, ap
parently buttoned down each side.
Not only are band-painted grenadines
to be had, but muslins covered with
tiny bouquets are purchased by the ex
travagant. One white muslin was covered
with bouquets interspersed with lines of
light blue. The bo iices to such dresses
are usually a mass of the finest embroidery
with frilled basques, but lace jackets are
also liked in the bolero shape, and the
prettiest of corselets are made of glace silk,
which is usually of red and white, pink
and white or blue and white.
Most of the styles about which we
read are designed for those blessed if not
with perfect at least with fairly good fig
ures; the plump maid and matron are
usually quite forgotten, when in reality
th«y should be shown the greatest consid
eration, and more models should be cre
ated especially with a view to making un
becoming curves vanish. So with pleasure
I make tne following quotation, which
may prove useful:
"One word about tha special style of
bodice which never fails to be the most
becoming and helpful for figures which
nature has made too abundant for grace
or beauty. This is the basque bodice, with
the basque cut deeper than usual. The I
outer material of fronts must be draped
tightly and separately from neck-band to
bottom of the waist or points. It matters
not whether the material is wool, silk
or batiste. The front may be open to bust
line, drooping into a point. A chemisette
of lace or lawn, according to gown ma
terial, with ribbon or lace choker. Deep
square collar revers turn back from this
opening. If of silk they are to be cov
ered with fine lace, but if of lawn needle
work is most effective. A plisse lace
drapery should fall from the bottom of
chemisette to the basque ends or points in
a perfectly straight line with square finish.
When the gown ia of lawn, the same ma
terial tucked or phssed, or an all-over fall
of needlework to match collar revers, will
answer capitally.
"By this style of front the very pro
nounced lines of the figure appear to
vanish, and the size of the waist is not
made so evident, hence the figure for that
reason is greatly improved and is far more
pleasing to the eye."
For a young woman with a beautiful
figure nothing is more stylish than the
Louis XIII bodice; whether built in silk,
tissue, velvet, batiste, it cairies its effect
wonderfully. Imagine a gauffered straw
colored tissue, with a cordod. velvet
Bayadere stripe to match as the chosen
material with which to drape croasways I
the decollete carre silk under-bodice, of
the same shade, to be fastened at the side.
The tissue sleeves fall over the hand in
crenated edges, while the upper parts are
very bouffant and well pushed up. A
picturesque lace collar gives the needed
cachet. An oval of net has a rather wide
flounce of Point de Flandre gathered on
quite full, and is caught in the back by
two diamond buckles. The collar lies
acroßS tiie shoulders, the drapery arranged
over the sleeves. A jeweled collar or
diamond buckle and velvet is a necessary
neck ornament to wear with this style of
corsage.
One of the hats here given is of a gray
straw draped with gray tulle, over which
ostrich plumes nod gracefully.
I like the simple leghorn chapeau.
Around the brim is a tulle ruche, and a
wide velvet band encircles the crown. A
pair of good white ostrich tips beautify
one side, and a bunch of pink roses nestle
at the base of the feathers.
The hat with the queer "jam-pot crown"
has a brim formed of drawn black net, the
crown being of white lace. A great bow
of ribbon and a cluster of roses give it the
true Parisian air.
For the Fete dcs Fieurs has been de
signed in black tulle !
a Lancret hat. At
the left side is a .
large bow of pistache
velvet surmounted
by a quantity of gor
geous carnations of
all colors en aigrette.
And how would you i
like a"pailled'ltalie"
having a black vel
vet roll encircling it, !
with large bunches
of Malmaison roses?
Lovely is a coarse
green straw veiled in i
pale Nile tulle and pink carnations. !
Equally well I should like a fane rice straw
beautified with roses in pale shades
placed closely together on one side be
neath the brim. The crown is formed by
a gracefuPy arranged square of China
silk drawn together with a coral and dia
mond ornament.
For large hats veils of white maline are
the latest; they are covered with large i
black spots far apart.
The most beautiful and costly gems con
tinue to be worn on the evening gowns of
all who can afford them. Most chic are
the black gowDS so incrusted, but very
handsome are the black dresses from a
celebrated bouse, which are greatly en
riched with handsome cut jet with which
is combined much ereen iridescent orna
mentation, combining white silk or satin '
in the revers, which are veiled with jet, !
and liases is usually employed as a vest.
I wonder if any of you have heard of
"Pegamoid?" It is a substance— or j
should I not say a preparation — which, be- :
ing applied to wall and ceiling papers,
leathers of various makes and kind, blinds,
bedticks, hangings, and linings for ward- ;
robes and cupboards, and many other sub- !
stances, renders each and all water-proof,
dustproof, greaseproof, inkproof and mi- \
crobe-proof. You may, if you so will, !
upset a pot of ink over your new red mo- !
rocco-covered chairs, or down the dado of |
your dainty drawing-room and, provided, j
of course, that they are "Pegamoid," all j
you have to do is to wash the offending
stain with a damp sponge, when every
vestige of the mark will be quickly and
easily removed, and all will appear new j
and clean without so much as a smudge to j
disfigure your now spotless possession.
Pegamoid is being used extensively in j
Europe, and if if- is indeed so wonderful •
we may ejepect it before long to reach us, .
for fancy having spring cleaning robbed of i
all its historic horrors.
Women in Europe who have to stand !
severe social strains are now using a few j
drops of Eau dcs Cannes upon a lump of i
sugar. It is said to produce most happy
results. Marcella.
Turn Down
Collars for .Men
For ordinary purposes the all-around j
turn-down collar is the most fashionable, i
Single-breasted waistcoats have either j
very narrow lapels or no lapel at all; the!
double-breasted have lapels. I am re- !
lieved to hear that "Him" reports concern- I
ing waistcoats that "In such shops as one
may find on the Strand (the Sixth avenue
of London, or rather the upper Broadway)
you see these violent things in profusion, I
but it is quite another matter as far as the" j
costume of gentlemen is concerned. The i
smart shops are quiet. I have not seen the
exaggerated waistcoats, nor, again, the !
gaudy colors, which from aJfc accounts i
bad been led to expect. I Oppose they
have emigrated to America."
Well, even if they have, the smart set
will have but little to do with them, as the
best dressed men are nothing if not con
servative, but receive the news with com
placency concerning our tailors, for the
same authority declares: "One can justly
criticize Englishmen's clothes — I still con
tend that th« New York tailor is more
artistic and that his wort has a better
finish— but you will seldom find an i |
Englishman who is not correctly dressed
for the Junction or hoar of the day."
Even in London, however, men are be
coming careless concerning their attire,
and what do yon suppose is blamed for
this? The bicycle. For men show an in
clination to wear at all times and places
their cycling costumes until they have to
dress for dinner. On racing days many
men are seen in dark gray twill frock suits.
for wear in the country a brown tweed
suit, with a brown Hamburg and a Hol
land waistcoat, is useful. Tan suede
gloves and a pint shirt should complete
it, with a becoming tie.
Again and again the question is asked,
"Must I wear a frock coat and a silK hat to
church on Sunday?" I quote an answer
which fully covers tne ground :
It depends upon circumstances and the
local custom. The correct dress for sum
mer at church on Sunday anywhere is
the high hat and the frock coat; but where
few, if any, are wearing frock coats or high
bats, one should conform to what the
majority does. The frock coat and high
hat as a fashion is distinctly derived from
London. It is the almost universal dress
for men at business in London, or in the
afternoon. One will see more high hats
and frock coats in London in one day
than can be seen in New York in a
month. Climate has much to do with all
fashions. The high hat and frock coat
are very uncomfortable articles in hot
weather, and of late years even Londoners
have shown an inclination to abandon
them and adopt the straw hat and lounge
suit in the summer months. In the United
States the customs of dress are also gov
erned by the climate, and whereas one
would never seem extreme in dress in
wearing the frock coat and high hat on
Sunday, at church or at any other semi
formal occasion, he would likewise not
seem careless in his dress or dressed in
appropriately if they wore a dark jacket
ouit and a straw hat. Our recommenda
tion is to observe what others do and to be
guided accordingly.
No one ever thinks of going on a jour*
ney of any length wearing a silk hat, and
this reminds me that in spite of all pre
dictions to the contrary the changes in"top
bats" are scarcely noticeable, bur the
crowns are less bell-shaped than formerly,
and the brims are rather more narrow.
The straw hat is more of a favorite than
ever before in England this season. The
straws are finer and have higher crowns
and less brims. The ribbons are very nar
row. In color they are either black or blue,
except for the young college men.
No well-groomed man now ever appears
East without his opera or crush hat when
in evening dress.
Very useful suits are being made of
tweeds and shepherd plaid and of Scotch
goods.
Many men are ordering suits of blue
flannel.
Men of about 5 feet 10 inches in height
should not wear a sack coat longer than
thirty-two inches. C. C.
NEW TO-BAT.
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥
*■ ♦
$ Special Saving Sale $
2 ■••:■- '— v' - *
i * \%jjf i
* Off iKp-' ?
»J Four splendid bargains in Fine 2,
? Thin China, handsomely decorated. 2,
T Pretty Individual Butter Plates, 2>
T regularly 75 cents, at 40 cents per 2,
T dozen; 75-cent Berry or Salad Bowls 2,
v at 45 cents; Sugar Bowls and Cream 2;
T Pitchers at 30 and 40 cents per pair; 2,
» Teapots, Sugars and Creamers at 75 £
J per set. • 2.
£ THAT BIG CHINA STORE- $
jjj A Quarter of a Block Below Shreve't. .j
<* WANGENHEIM, STERNHEIM & CO., *<
♦ 528 and 530 Market St., *
27 and 29 Sutter St., J
♦ BELOW MONTGOMERY . ♦
■* :--'-v: i , .■■■ , *
101 l <^^^ ln^ mnc^ c& N
I "22 Geary St., Neap Ream/. I
\ The times denote the exclusive i
I houses are the successful ones. H
! EXCLUSIVELY
BLACK
I FABRICS.
! Mohair Fancies, the Suit ■ $3.50 I
I Mohair Sicilian Fancies, the £
I Suit • • . $5.25
I Mohair Novelties, the Suit- $7.00
i DUST-REPELLANT MATERIALS
[ Crepon Sonreteau • $1.25 per Yard 1
I Crepon jfonretcan • $1.50 per Yard 1
Purchasers of black should • inspect M
i the magnificent assortment we offer. |j
R.T. KENNEDY COMPANY. -1
T>EMOVES SUPERFLUOUS HAIR BY ELEC-
XV tricity at *1 a sitting; first sitting free: no
scars left; moles, warts, e c, also removed.
RADWAY'S
PILLS,
%m Ea 12k223 DI
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Secure Com-
plete digestion And absorption of the food, causa
a healthy action of the .Layer and render the Boweli
natural in meir operat cv without griping
2930
THE SAN FRANCISCO STAGE
__ : ■ |
If we must have plays "made in Eng
land," they ought to be "arranged and
adapted" for the American market before
being exported, for the way in which audi
ences on this side are expected to laugh at
jokes and grasp allusions that belong ex
clusively to the other side is simply absurd
and ridiculous. Take an instance in
"Sweet Violets." The wicked baronet is
running for Parliament, and he is con
stantly being reminded that if he does not
live free from the breath of slander he will
••offend the Nonconformist conscience"
and lose his election. The expression is
meaningless here. In a country with no
State religion people know nothing and
care less about conformity or nonconform
ity, but the English politician will tell you
with bated breath what a tender, sensitive
thing the Nonconformist conscience is.
Offend it and his doom as a statesman is
sealed, though it has frequently been
known to strain at a gnat and swallow a
camel. If American politicians had a
Nonconformist conscience to reckon with,
the political sepulchre might not be any
cleaner within, but its outside would be a
good deal more whited. It is dragging in
Nonconformist consciences and other pe
culiarly Britannic institutions which help
to make English plays dull and incompre
hensible to American audiences.
"I never say a big, big D ,*' says the
Captain of "H. M. S. Pinafore," when he
is enumerating his virtues. - His men-of
war's-men are incredulous, because swear
ing is supposed to be a sailor's preroga
tive, but they agree that he "hardly ever"
says the word that in polite society is rep
resented by the fourth letter of the alpha
bet, followed by a prolonged dash. Poor j
old "Pinafore!" it must be getting sadly out
of date, to judge from the big, bie D 's
that have been rending the atmosphere of
our local theaters lately. "D !" says
Kelcey, in "The Gray Mare." He does not
use the abbreviation either, and there is a
ripple of chastened delight all over the
house, and an incipient tendency to ap
plaud, which a sense of propriety alone
seems to stifle. Finding that a big, big
D-^ — ■ gives piquancy to the dialogue, Kel
cey has ventured to use it again, with j
most successful results as far as raisin s a j
laugh goes, and at the 'Columbia it has
been used more than once with marked j
effect, not to point a moral, but to adorn
the play. It requires an advanced intel
lect to see where the wit of swearing comes j
in. Any loafer on the water front can
hurl expletives just as vigorously as Kel
cey, but no one laughs and applauds and
considers that something brilliant has
been said. On the contrary, lady passers
by shrink away and murmur indignant '
things about water-front language and
common, vulgar men. In the interest of \
the übiquitous young person, it is really
to be hoped that local audiences will try
to put a restraint upon their joy at hear
ing actors break into profanity. One can
not blame the mummers; their business is
to amuse, and if a big, big D is hailed
with delight, they know that they have
found what the people want, and will go
on giving it to them.
"The Two Escutcheons" has been trans
lated into Italian, under the title of "Due
Blasoni." This is how a leading journal,
.the Illustrated Theater, disposes of it:
" 'Due Blasoni,' comedy in four acts, by
Blumenthal and Kadelberg, applauded,
and has been repeated. The first act is in
fantile, one scene in the second is good,
the third act is pretty, and the fourth is
heavy." By the way, credit is here given
where credit is due, and the translator does
not appear as the author of the piece.
California Theater.
"A Bunch of Violets" will be played for
the last time at the California Theater to
night. To-morrow evening the Stockwell
Company will appear in one of the Ly- j
ceum Theater Company's productions,
"Americans Abroad."
As most people know, this play is by the
popular French dramatist, Victorien
Sardou. It contains several prominent
parts, which will give the members of the
company further chances of showing their
ability. Miss Erne Shannon will play the !
role of the young American girl living in !
Paris, who suddenly becomes rich, and I
who, in order to get rid of fortune-hunters, j
pretends that she has lost all her money, '
and thereby induces the man who really j
loves her to speak. The rest of the cast !
will include Herbert Keloey, Olive Oliver, j
Winona Shannon, John T. Sullivan. Wil
liam Beach and L. R. Stockwell. *
Frederick Ward and Rose Coghlan have I
arrived hero and are hard at work with L. ]
R. Stockwell's company preparing for the !
initial production of the dramatized ver
sion of "Carmen," in which they are to
appear at the California Theater on Mon
day, July 13. --
Columbia Theater.
••London Assurance" will form this j
week's bill at the Columbia Theater. The
comedy is one that every theater-goer is
well acquainted with. Lady Gay Spanker,
a part which -;o many actresses have tried j
and 30 few succeeded in, will be taken by
Miss Maxine Elliott, whose majestic style
of beauty will add an interesting feature
to the dashing role.
The rest of the cast will be as follows: -
Sir Harcourt Courtley Tyrone Power
Charles Counley T. Daniel I rawley
Dazzle Frank Worthing I
Max Harlcaway Mack yn Arbucklo ■
Cool (a vale. ) ........Harry Corson Clarke i
Mar.in (servant! Charles L Wvngate '
Simpson (butler) George Bosnorth I
lomon 15aac5...."... .....Wilson Knos ;
James (servant) ;...". Thomas Ph: ins i
Lady Gay Spanker Maxln- Elliott
Grace Harkaway Gertrude Kllioit
Perl Lansing ltowan
Tlvoli Opera- House.
The season of grand opera, under the di
rection of Gustav Hinrichs. will open to
morrow evening at the Tivoli with a
production of Donizetti's "Lucia di Lam
mermoor." In this favorite work. Mme.
Natili will sing the title-role, a part with
which she has identified herself in Europe
and the East. Maurice de Vries, who is
said to have done good work at the Paris
Grand Opera, and at the Metropolitan in
New York, will sing the part "of Henry
Ashton, and the tenor will be Signor
Michaelena. sSignor Abramhoff, who will
be remembered as one of the best
artists :in the Tavary Company last
winter," will take the part of Raymondo.
The small but effective part of Sir Arthur
Bucklow will be sung by Martin Pache,
and the compremarios-will be Mis 3 Irene
Mull and G. Napoleoni.
On Wednesday Gounod's "Romeo and
Juliet" will be •- sung. It is a work that
during the last few years has- almost
superseded "Faust" " in .' popularity, and,
although never heard before in this City,
it is safe to predict great popularity for it.
As a lyric drama it accentuates, the love
element in Shakespeare's.- tragedy, and a
considerable portion of the opera is de
voted to duets between the lovers, the
music of which is of remarkable beauty.
A waltz song sung by Juliet in the first
act is generally the first number that
arouses the general public to the melo
dious and brilliant character of the music.
Mi-s Nina-Bertini Humphries will be
the Juliet and Fernando Michaelena the
Romeo. The page, a mezzo-soprano role,
one of the best in the work after those of
the lovers, will be sung by Miss Anna
Russell.
Special scenery, costumes aud accesso
ries have been prepared, and the chorus
and orchestra have been enlarged for the
occasion.
"Romeo and Juliet" will be repeated
on Friday and Sunday evenings. Next
week's repertory will include two of
Verdi's works— "Rigoletto" and "ILBallo
in Maschera."
Grand Opera-Home.
The Grand will have an Eastern attrac
tion to-morrow in the shape of Jules
Walters, who is to appear in ''A Money
Order," a play that has made a hit in New
York and Boston.
"A Money Order" is a comedy-drama,
the scene of which is laid in South Ohio.
It is quite no to date, and is said to afford
Jules Walters an excellent opportunity to
display his powers. Seamons Tibbals is
the author of ti.e play.
The new star will be supported by the
full strength of Morocco's company, Miss
Gaasnian and little Daisy Crogan being re
tained in the cast.
In honor of the anniversary of the hoist
ing of Old Glory at Monterey, fifty years
aeo, the management announce a special
matinee for Tuesday.
At the Orphenm,
The addition to the Orpheum's bill this
week will consist of the Jockley-Roston
troupe, who come here direct from Paris,
having made one appearance only in New-
York on their way here. One of the mem
bers of the troupe is said to enjoy the dis
tinction of beins the cleverest imitator of
a monkey known to the vaudeville stage
he also performs a number of acrobatic
i feat*.
Collins and Collins will appear in new
specialties, and the Rossow Brothers, the
Fredericks troupe, the four Mai>anos and
Lillian Weston have all been retained, and
many of them will appear in new acts.
The vitascope has ended its engage
ment, and the Orpheum management
prides itself on the fact that the invention
was brought to this city before it had been
seen in Chicago and many of the large
cities of the East.
At the Chutes.
Notice will be found in another column
of the opening of the Casino, the big thea
ter at the Chirtes. The performances will
be repeated every afternoon and evening
with the company which made its debut
yesterday. The performers include Sis
seretta Jones, the "Black Patti," the
Marlow-Dunham family, the Russian
Court orchestra, under the direction of
Professor Julik Simonokoff, and Professor
Markart with his troupe of trained mon
keys, baboons and dogs.
The Casino is under the direction of
Gustav and he states that it is
his intention to keep the place supplied
with the best attractions.
Too Much Education.
W. D. Howells, who loses no chance to
publish his belief in State socialism, would
have the theater placed in the hands of
the Board of Education. We think t.oat
this idea alone is enough to show that Mr.
Howells has not divined the relation of
the stage to the people. They want to be
entertained, and they would stay away
with marked unanimity from a play like
this:
Hero— Maud, dear, remember that 7x8—56,
and that water will not run up hill.
Heroine— Ah, Harold, how can I forget that
9xß -72, or that an adverb modifies a verb
adjective, or another adverb?
(Enter villain, with two assistant cutthroatt.
They seize and bind hero and heroine.)
Villain— At last you are in me power— curses
on you! I have waited for this moment since
the curtain went up. Ha! ha! you must now
listen while I and my trusty confederates re
cite the multiplication table up to twelve
times twelve.
(They do so.)
Of course a good deal of useful knowl
edge could be worked into a drama, but
might it not become tiresome?— Nickel
Magazine.
Howe'< Lant Effects.
Melancholy interest attached to a sale
in Pall Mall recently, says the Pall Mall j
Gazette, when by direction of the executors
the contents of the chambers of the late
Henry Hows, who was for years associated
with Sir Henry Irving'a Lyceum Company,
were dispersed by auction. There were a
number of books, etchings and engravings,
a quantity of decorative furniture and a
perfect little museum of Dresden and other
obina, which found ready purchasers.
Other lots of comparatively little worth
intrinsically were keeuly competed for be
cause of their history. For instance, there
was a gold-hand lignet ring set with corne
lian, presented to Mr. Howe by Macready
on his playing Mark Antony to Macready's
Julius Csesar.
Mapleson Still Active.
It will seem like old times or going back
a decade or more to see Colonel Mapleson
holding forth again with grand opera, but
the colonel, somewhat older in appearance
than of yore, a bit whiter about the head,
a trifle stouter in the girth, but still as
jaunty of step and confident in air as ever,
ib corning over to fight the operatic battle
on his old field, for he will open on Octo
ber 26 at the Academy of Music, New
York. Three months later he expects to
reach San Francisco.
A Manager* Wail.
Well, between the bicycle and the
Presidential campaign, the managers are !
rather dubious about the outlook, says
the New York Herald. Since early spring
pretty nearly everybody has been off pn
the roads wheeling, and the managers say
they couldn't drag them off their bicycles
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1896.
into the theaters. If it were not a Presi
dential year they might be expected to
come straggling back by September or
October, "but when they're through
bicycling," said one manager yesterday,
"I suppose they'll take to carrying a ban
ner or swinging a torch in the political
processions, and go tramping around
till the election is over. I don't look for
much of a theatrical season till the great
fight is over."
Dramatic Brevities.
Miss Maxine Elliott does not leave the
Frawley Company until the latter part of
July.
The announced engagement of Evelyn
Millard and Anthony Hope is denied by
Miss Miilard's mother.
Rose Coghian will give a production of
MaxO'Kell's new play, "Heartsease," in
New York early next season.
Mr. Sothern opens the Lyceum in Sep
tember in a new play by R. N. Stephens,
called "An Enemy of the Kiue."
Georgia Cayvan has returned from En
rope. She will open her starring season at
Palmer's Theater on October 15.
Victor Herbert's "Wizard of the NiJe"
has been translated into German, and will
be produced at the Carl Theater, Vienna,
early next season.
Alf Hayman will arrive here at the end
of t';e week to look out for the interests of
the Empire Theater Company's engage
ment at the Baldwin.
Mme. de Navarro (Mary Anderson), who
ia stopping at the little village of Broad
way, Gloucestershire, has been coaching a
party of amateurs for a performance given
in the old Tithe Barn, Stanway, for the
Hon. A. J. Balfour.
The English success of Barrett's "The
Sign of the Cross" has turned the minds
of playwrights to religious subjects. A
new author threatens an immediate pro
duction, in London, of a dramatization of
"Pilgrim's Progress."
Miss Elsie Adair, who is resting at her
mother's home in San Mateo, will proba
bly appear for the benefit of the first grand
carnival entertainment to be given at the
Columbia Theater. Miss Adair is prepar
ing for her tour around the world, which
begins next month.
A new style of playing cards is exhibited
in a Broadway window. The pictures are
photographs of prominent theatrical
"stars." They all wanted to be '-kings"
and "queens," so the inventor got up
special euchre decks, that some ot them
would be content to be "jacks."
Since McKinley's nomination the hand
some advance agents who are spending
their summer on the Rialto have taken
on a new dignity and pride. It is said to
be due to the fact that the distinguished
Republican nominee has Deen referred to
as "the advance agent of prosperity."
Mrs. Marguerite Morrow of San Fran
cisco, who went east three years ago to
pursue her musical studies with Madame
MaretzeK, has taken a new departure.
Church and concert work in New York
City has been her occupation lateiy and
for some time past she has been contralto
soloist at Dr. Parkhurst's church. She
has now been engaged by Manager Purdy
to support Miss Fanny Rice during her
next season. When in San Francisco
Mrs. Morrow sang for some years at Trin
ity Church.
WKat It
Will Come To
A drama of the day, showing how the able
bodied seaman lost his grip, by
Makik Evelyn Lister.
time:
The Present.
bcexk :
The forecastle of a three-masted ship,
where the sailors are smoking, after cele
brating the glorious Fourth in the water
frontbowl.
Enter Misit Ginger-Snap, a distinguished
lady dramatist, notebook in hand, the ship's
master following her.
The Ship's Master— l beg you to desist.
This is no place for a lady. In their hours
of ease the men occasionally use language
which would shoek —
Miss Ginger-Snap (gushingly) — That's
just what I want, captain. Sailors are
such children of nature, and I brought my
notebook to take down the untutored
words as they flow from their lips.
Ship's Master (brutally)— Beautiful, un
tntored humbug! Some of these men
have been drinking, I regret to say, and
you might hear profanity, madame —
oaths!
Miss Ging"er - Snap (clasping her hands
ecstatically) — Do you think I shall? Oh!
how perfectly lovely. You know I am
writing a play with an English duke for a
hero. He belongs to the highest society,
the creme de la creme of the noblesse. I
have not been in the creme de la creme
myself, though of course 1 have to write
as if I lived there, and, in the modern
drama, it is the fashion now to make dukes
and earls and baronets use perfectly awful
language on the least provocation. Now
I have made my duke use d it ten
times already, and the first act is only
half ended. Your men could help me in
troduce variety to give sparkle and tone to
the dialogue.
Ship's Master (mopping his manly brow
with a bandana handkerchief) — Do you
mean to say that you want to hear my
men swear?
Miss Ginger-Skap— That's just what 1
came for. Will you tell them to go ahead,
please, and not mind me?
Ship's Master— Well, I'm—
Miss Ginger-Snap (impatiently, getting
ready her notebook)— Well, you're what? It
is so provoking to break off in the middle
of a sentence like that. In the modern
drama nothing is left to the imagination,
and when a man is excited he swears just
as he would do in real life. Our leading
man has a fascinating way of swearing
that just brings down the house. The
matinee girls go on purpose to hear the
dramatic way in which he says—
First Able-Bodied Seaman (advancing as
spokesman for the crew, who have been listen
ing to the conversation, and whispering among
themselves) — Some of us was at the theater
last night, Miss, and heard him. I says to
Bill Bullock: "Bill," I says, "I don't
shrink from a contest with no man when
it come? to expressm' my feelin's, but
darn me! if I was riz to use that language
when a whole theater-full of ladies was
present." Isn't that what I says, Bill?
Second Able-Bodied Seaman— lt was.
First Able-Bodied Seaman— lt seems to
me if the young lady wants to learn the
language of dooks and barronets, let her
go and listen to them ; we don't want to be
mixed up under such people.
Miss Ginger-Snap (imploringly)— Oh,
captain, can't you make them— talk just
naturally, as they do among themselves?
Chorus of Able-Bodied Seamen— Not
while you're here, Miss.
Miss Ginger- Snap (tearfully)— And is it
for this that I have braved the water front
alone at night? Is it for this th*t I have
bought a double-sized notebook? My
play will be a failure, and you—
(bursts into tears and U heard to declare
hysterically that she vill put a phonograph
into the forecastle. The captain leads her
away, while the men sign a round-robin not
to use a word of profanity till the ship is far
out at sea, and the words cannot have a de
moralizing effect on the American stage.)
Curtain.
Derxies
a Makatnrxa
Abbott B. ClarK. formerly of the Theo
sophical headquarters, corner Golden
Gate and Van Ness avenues, this city, has
just returned after a year's absence on lec
ture tours. He says that the interest in
Theosophy is becoming widespread and
that the lecturers find their halls packed
with interested and intelligent people in
every part of the United States. Mr. Clark
has lectured through New England, the
Central States, British Columbia and the
Northwest, and is now on his way to
Southern California, where, he says, there
are more people asking for Theosophy
than anywhere else.
"The reason," he says,"for the special in
quiry there is because much of the Pacific
Coast, and especially Southern California,
was once embraced in an ancient conti
nent on which great civilizations flour
ished and in which much spiritual
knowledge obtained. The impressions of
this are still mained in the astral light
and are now beins reproduced.
"Theosophists are enthusiastic over tne
new cycle on which the Theosophicai So
ciety has entered. Members are joining
faster than their diplomas can be en
grossed and sent out — something over
twenty a day.
"The crusade is meeting with great suc
cess in Europe. It is led by E. X. Har
grove, president of the TheoaopLncai So
ciety in America, Mrs. K. A. Tingley, suc
cessor of Mme. Biavatsky, William Q.
Judge, Mrs. Keightley, better known as
'Jasper Nirniand,' and several other em
inent Theosophists. They are now in
England, and will visit all the countries,
capitals and large cities of Europe, hiring
the larcest halls and holding conventions
and mass meetings everywhere. The at
tention of kings and rulers will be called
to the needs of the masses and especial
work will be done for the poor.
"The object of this crusade is to spread
Theosophy among the people."
"What good will that do, they can't un
derstand it?"
"You are mistaken. Tbeosophy is the
mosi rational and natural system of
thought in the world. It is practical, and
will solve the problems of life. Suffering
comes from the violation of law. Theos
ophy will teach man the lawa of nature
and how to live up to them. The princi
pal teachings of Theosophy are brother
hood, the universal reign and rule of law,
called Karma, and the evolution of the
soul by means of reincarnation. Ti>at is
more easily understood than vicarious
atonement or predestination. It is salva
tion by works, not by faith, and the labor
ing people want opportunity, not charity.
"The crusade will teach brotherhood on
a scientific basis, as a law of nature, the
violation of which, like that of any other
law, brings suffering. They also will carry
a message 01 unity from nation to nation
as a living protest to the present warlike
condition of things. After leaving Europe
they will go to Egypt, India, Australia,
China, Japan, and return to this country
by way of San Francisco.
"About the wedding at the headquarters
in New York? Well, in the first place,
there was no veiled Mahatma there. No
one was veiled. That was alf talk. The
wealing was private and none but mem
bers were admitted. There was nothing
sensational about it. The wedding was
conducted according to ancient Egyptian
sacred rites and was most solemn and im
pressive."
"Is it true that they claimed to have
been married in Egypt 5003 years ago?"
"It was so stated. That they had sacri
ficed themselves for humanity ages ago
and now renewed the bonds under which
they had lived and worked before. The
wedding was a demonstration that the-
osophy is" not opposed to marriage, but
tiiat it leads in this as in all other reforms
by setting up a high ideaf of wedded life.
Social purity shoulc* begin at home. What
begins at home will end in the whole
world."
Mr. Clark lectures at 320 Post street to
night on "The Theosojhical Crusade and
the Mahatmas."
Kditoriiil Gratitude.
There is a Kansas editor who takes the
right view. Recently, under the headline
"We Are Thankful,"" he published the
following editorial note: "We slipped and
fell the other day ami peeled our shin and
nose; we feel grateful that we did not
break our neck."— Scranton Truth.
At Outs.
Tom— Why have Dick and Grace quar
reled?
Hasel— They ere both learning to ride
the bicycle, and last week they mat each
other in the park. She tried to bow to
him and he tried to raise his hat, and each
blames the other for the result.— Truth.
— ■ ♦ t .» — „ — .■ ■
; Thomas Slater bas ; a message for every man on
page 11. Don't fall to read it.
Qossip
of NeW York
NEW YORK, N. V.. June 29.— Boston
was treated to a good lively mining fracas
last week by Colonel Jim Brazell and
Hugh McDonald, both of California. It
appears that Brazell failed to get his pro
moter's shares from the syndicate of Bos
tonians who made the purchase of the
Pioneer mine for 1250.000 through Brazell
as an agent Things were warming up to
a good lively Western tune when Brazell
and McDonald got hold of a quantity of
the stock and began to cut up some Pacific
Coast capers that staggered the Bostonians
into submission. The papers boiled over
with the discussion, and by the time the
Californian applied for an injunction to
restrain the company from going on with
developments they came to time and set
tled all differences. Brazell is now at the
Grand Hotel with three commissions to
buy more California mines, and will depart
for home in a few days.
W. R. Townsend of San Francisco, a
brother of the prosperous author and play
wright, Edward W., is spending a few
days at Arvern, Long Island, the guest of
the author of "Cbimmie Fadden." I saw
him one evening talking in the breeze on a
roof garden, where the wind was strong
enough to blow the froth off lager beer.
Merely a labor-saving devico.
W. E. Dargie Jr., son of the editor of
the Oakland Tribune, arrived in New
York on June 25, having made the- trip
all alone. By the accident of a delayed
train he failed to meet his mother at the
depot; but instead of lostne his nerve
he inquired of a policeman for the ad
dress, and, taking an elevated train,
reached the residence in advance of Mrs.
Dargie. "No particular use of waiting
around," said he, in speaking of the inci
dent. "I wanted to get settled, so I could
take a bath and rest up."
His grit will be appreciated when it is
stated that the youngster is but 13 years
of age. In a month or six weeks he will
accompany his mother on a trip to
Europe.
• • •
Every time I pass down Broadway I run
into some of the overflow from the St.
Louis convention. Yesterday the mag
nificent rotundity of the light-hearted
Colonel H. I. Kowalsky filled the main
entrance of the Hoffman House, while the
profusion of diamonds that adorned his
massive expanse of white shirt caught the
eye of the passer-by. In the morning the
colonel saunters down Broadway, takes in
the last styles along the shop-windows
and before sunset glides into Fifth avenue
fully adorned and up to the latest fashion
bulletins. And there are other fads in
dulged in by the redolent Henry. He has
with him his valet, a colored gentleman
who keeps at a respectful distance
and knows the sign language in four
tongues. He can lay out a dress suit, mix
the right thing for "to-morrow morning"
and preserve the crease in a pair of trous
ers better than a Rialto tailor.
I must not forget to cite the fact that
the bicycle mania has full possession of
Mr. Kowalsky. I believe he has his wheel
here with him, and if I am not mistaken I
saw the robust anatomy of our friend
gliding along Riverside drive last night.
He was dashingly attired in a commodi
ous pair of knickerbockers blending
toward his pedal extremities and mixing
fondly with his Russia leather cycling
shoes. I stood transfixed fora moment.
Really one must admit that the poetry of
motion is personified there. It lasted but
a few seconds and then faded away like
the summer wind whirling into space.
Plying re-ularly between the Lamb's Club
and the St. Cloud Hotel, on Forty-second
street, one meets Eugar D. Peixotto, San
Francisco's Assistant District Attorney.
He preserves a well-balanced dignity, in
his Prince Albert, and reads the Sun like
an o!d New Yorker. He nevertheless car
ries with him a delightful air of the West
and watches for the dispatches from the
coast with eternal vigilance.
"Really," said he, when I first met him,
"New York is not unlike any other big
city. One gets up in the morning, reads
the papers, lunches with a friend and
dwindles away the afternoon in any sort
of amusement that seems to be handy.
At night there are the theaters and the
roof-gardens. You can take them in or
idle around some club. Then comes a
night lunch and an hour or two of conver
sation with some congenial soul, and the
day is done. I can do just the same in
San Francisco afte: the day's business is
over, of course, and I see no reason why
New York is any better to follow this
course in than our home city."
Touching on politics and individual*
alike Pacific Coasters will not be disap
pointed to learn that the National organ
izer of the Silver Organization of America,
George P. Keeney, has very favorably im
pressed B. O. Fowler, editor of the Arena.
In a late issue of that magazine he says of
him:
I have been much Impressed by the splendid
work accomplished by George P. Keeney. Na
tional organizer of the American Sliver Or
ganization. Mr. Keeney has accomplished
magnitice.it results; he is one of those rare
men who i.now how to organize and carry
victory with them. On the Pacific Coast and
in the Atlantic division, as well as elsewhere,
his work has been marked by rare sagacity, a
broad, comprehensive grasp of complex situa
tions, and the peculiar power of a genera! who
quickly sees the strong and weak points oi the
opposing forces and also understands how to
meet obstacles, and when to speak and when
to be quiet.
I have seldom, if ever, seen a youne man
who impressed me as possessing in so eminent
a degree the qualities of generalship and those
of a successful organizer as Mr. Keeney. He
seems to me to be a man raised up for au im
portant work at one of the great crises of our
history.
Mr. Keeney here in New York has
formed two silver organizations with
40,000 and 35,000 members respectively,
and at th« meeting addressed by Senator
Tillman at Cooper Union June 2^ thou
sands of people were turned away notwith
standing the statement to the contrary
made by the gold bug press. Mr. Keeney
introduced the Senator from South Caro
lina, and did it like an old warhouse.
• • •
Believing to a great extent in the right
of womankind I see no reason why I
should not share a portion of this letter
with them. Let us chat of the latest
fashions.
The crimp, the frizzes and waves are
coming in at a lively rate, and will be the
fashion for this summer. In any form or
style so long as they approach the three
named species they will be tolerated, but
the smoothly drawn Madonna-like coiffure
is relegated to a high shelf to gather dust
and pass away. This latest fad is likely
to result in disaster, as the hygienists have
decided that hot irons for curling pur
poses are the deadliest foe to the softness
of the locks. Just what is best to do un
der the circumstances 1 will have to leave
to the ladies. Personally I am a little
tangled as to the best way out of the diffi
culty. Young people of pleasing counten
ance are still at liberty to indulge in the
Psyche knot. If you Know of an alterna
tive you have my permission to select it.
Know all ye men by this document that
the Vandyke beard is gradually suffering
separation, and is coming apart in the
center and turning gracefully up a la Eng
lish. Club ties are almost entirely of va
riegated colors in marbleized patterns.
Trousers are coming down to a peg bot
tom, and all cutaway coats are carved
with a military waist. This same method
of construction applies to the vest, with
double-breasted front and double button
holes and buttons on each side. They are
practical^' reversible, interchangeable and
plentifully equipped.
Since Lord Gower of England began hia
raid against the tile bat, the rounders are
beginning to protest against the Britisher
having anything whatever to do with dress
reforms. Arid justly so. What would
visiting Californians do if they could not
flash up their beil-toppers when they visit
this island.
• * •
I must not forget to add that iced sarsa
parilla is being paraded as the best thing
to take for something that happened the
night before. Bob Davis.
Jake
Skort pides
As the use of the bicycle becomes more
general touring becomes more a matter of
interest to the average rider, or, more spe
cifically, to those who have taken up the
bicycle as a means of pleasure and ex
ercise, and who are not interested in
racing or in records. This class of
riders already far outnumbers that which
pursues cycling for purposes of personal
gain, or from the desire to excel in speed
upon the track or road; and although the
sporting pages of the daily newspapers
ignore the former class and devote col
ums to the doiners of the latter the sport
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS. _^___^___
#ALBFfiff Ml&f* "<■"£" TO-NIGHT— LIST PERFORMANCE—
{fffMS&Sutte "A BUNCH OF VIOLETS."
:
BEGINNING TO-MORROW and DURING THE WEEK, MATINKE
(MONDAY) EVE., AND JL> U lilJMjr 1 Mil/ VVJI--bK, SATURDAY
L R. STOCKWELL'S COMPANY OF PLAYERS,
Including U. HERBERT KELCEY, MISS EFFIE SHA J\».\ and the STAR CAST,
IS^^Americans Abroad!
85sass--222iAmencans Abroad!
By VICTOKIEN SARI OU, Author of "La Tosca," "Fedora," Etc.
POPULAR PRICES EVENING AND MATINEE.
I'UI Yl3 MISS ROSE COGHLAN * l o 1 !K-'ra5ui™t ! ffi2
JULY 10. MR.FREDK. WARDE ».««^v l l?i I i l o 1 S l if I>ril -
-tt&IRSBA?' d uL h A - GAR M E N
•iHFRSDAV ! STOCKWKLL PLAYERS Vni ll»l L-(1N «
rmCOLAnOtfI«)TTLOD« o>- UJK3 AnnnArtAetßJ—
.A. aRANDTREVIVAL
;» r.^ ..... TO-MORHOW NIGHT J - V
Of the Acme of All Great Plays, Dion Bouclcault's Charming Come*/, " \
"London Assurance!
Presented by the Best Cast That Has Ever Been Seen Here In the V\av.
— THE FRAWLEY COMPANY —
THE CAST OF CHAKACTERS;
Sir Harcourt Courtley Mr. Tyrone Power Simpson (butler) Mr. Frank G. Thompson
Chas. Courtlty. Mr. T. Daniel Frawlty Solomon Isaacs .Mr. Wilson Enoi
Dazz1e............. Mr. Frank Worthing James (servant). Mr. Thomas Phillips
Max Harkaway.. Mr. Macklyn Arbuckle Lady Gay Spanker.. Miss M xine Klliot,
Mark Meddle Mr. Harry Corson Clarke Grace Harkaway ........Miss Gertrude Elliott
Cool (the valet) Mr. ('has. L. Wyngate Pert...............; Miss Lansing ltowan
Martin (the servant)... Mr. Georze Bos worth ""iaiu K «»»•»
ALWAYS Elaborate Stage Settings. New and Elegant Costumes.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTKB MOROSCO: The Handsomest Family Theater In America, and Maaaj9e
WALTER MOROSCO Sole Lessee and Manayet
COMMENCING TO-MORROW (MONDAY) EVENING, JULY 6,
THE CELEBRATED COMEDIAN
JULES WALTERS,
"Tli© CrentlexxiSLii Tramp,".
IN HIS GREAT UP-TO-DATE SUCCESS
A. STOLeBN ]\ro r P'R;
Supported by the Pick, of Our Company,
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE ON TUESDAY !
NO ADVANCE IN OUR POPULAR PRICES.
T'ljin OLJI TTTO greatest scenic rail-
THE CHUTES, cXsikto
OPEN TO=DAY FROM 10 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
And Performances in the Casino Every Afternoon and Evening at 2:30 and 8:30.
The Most Stupendous Amusement Enterprise Ever In-
augurated in San Francisco.
AN IMMEDIATE SUCCESS! 20,000 PEOPLE DELIGHTED!
RUSSIAN COURT ORCHESTRA, Under the Direction of JULIE SIMOXOFF
ARAGON, Queen of the High "Wire.
SISSIERETTA JONES, the "Black Pattl '»
PROF. FRED MACAKT'S BABOON, DUG AND MONKEY CIRCUS
And the World** Greatest Aerialists,
THE l^-A-R/T-iO-DXJlsriiA.ld: FAMILY
THE GREATEST GATION OF TALENT EVER GATHERED TOGETHER!
A REVELATION TO LOVERS OF AMUSEMENT -ASP MUSIC!
Admission; 10 Cents. Children, Including Merry-Gb-Roupd. 5 Cents.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mks. hBSKSTixn Krkj.in-..! Proprietor it .Muiii^:
TO-XIG-HT •-
LAST TIME OF
OUR SUMMER SPECTACLE,
"A TRIP TOJHE ION"
TO-MORROW EVENING
OPENING OF THE GRAND OPr.RA SEASON
Under the Direction of Mr. Gtjstav Hinbicks.
Uepertoire.
-•■- ••LUCIA" (in Italian).
Also Tuesday. Thursday ami Saturday E venlntra.
• . . Wednesday, Friday and Sunday
••ROMEO AND JULIET" (in English)
■ ' i,' , ' Entire Eastern Company .
Enlarged orchestra! .: Augmented Chorus*
. SEATS NOW ON SALE.
Pop-ii-r i'rict»s— 2sc and sOc.
OfarreU Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Matinee To-Day (Sunday), July 5.
Parquet, any seat, 25c: Balcony, -"seat, 10c;
• Children, 10c, any pare.
IS— NEW VAUDEVILLE STABS— IB
THfc GREAT FRKDEKICKS TKOCPE,
SEE THE ROSSOW MIDGETS,
FOUR MAIS AN OS,
EXTRA MATINEE TUESDAY.
is really most largely supported through
the recently developed interest of the noa«
racing cyclist.
In touring the rider should be wary of
coasting, which leads very often to
serious accidents, especially as touring
parties generally traverse roads with
which they are not familiar. As a rule
one should not coast on a very steep
hill, or one with a turn in it, where the
bottom cannot be seen, and, in fact,
coasting should only be indulged in on
a straight, smooth hill, with moderate
incline, and then with the brake part
ly on and the wheel under fuli
control. AU crossroads, should be
very carefully watched, and no one
should coast just behind a vehicle
going in the same direction, as this may
slow suddenly or turn sharply into some
side street. In touring, side-path riding
comes very often into use. Be careful to
watch your path ahead so as to avoid
runaways, thorns and sharp stones,
and also be sure, even in the outskirts of
a town or village, before you take the side
path or sidewalk, that there are no signs
prohibiting its use. It is always wiser
when you get near the center of a town
or village, whether any signs are visible
or not, to ride in the street if it is at all
passable.
J. Cleveland Cady has summed up the
charms of cycle touring very succinctly,
as follows: "Any one who wishes to get
the most out of a vacation, both in
healthful invigoration and pleasure,
will find a wheeling tour su
perior to any other means. Nothing so
completely takes the mind from business;
the wheel demands and will have the at
tention that is not absorbed by the scenery,
or circumstances of the trip; business and
the ordinary cares of life are quite
forgotten. The lungs receive a thorough
revivifying, and the circulation starts into
healthful activity; sleep becomes sound,
appetite voracious and digestion perfect.
Certainly this is an ideal condition for ta
overworked brain-worker or a man en
slaved in the routine of business."—Har
per's Weekly.
By far the greater part of the accidents
that occur in milis, etc., happen during
the last two hours of work, when work>
people are tired and careless.
J> utro jgatiijsi
—DAY AND NIGHT—
« r ""- 1 -attlx and StJx,
GRAND VENETIAN WATER CAKJiVAL.
BEAUTIFUL ELECTRICAL DISPLAY.
SUTRO SCENIC RAILWAY
HAS NO EQUAL.
STARTS JTIJIj 4TH
GENERAL ADMISSION—
Adults, lOc- J Children, So.
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSQM STS.
CAL. BASEBALL LEAGUE.
TO-DAY..... TO-DAY
' '. *■■ JULY 5- — - •
OAKLANDS vis. SAN JOSES."
ADMISSION 25 CENTS.
LADJES FRER.
Buy direct from manufacturers and save 40%.
Ail%fl# P! I" ; S>TALS, Mantel*,
lIrI V ¥ Tables. Ktc.
Hi I A lx cii * llall >( i" are -
VII 111 J. & *'. hESSELEB.THE PUCE TO BORE
FOR PAYING OIL,
Immense Quantities of
Petroleum in This
State.
Much Scientific Information Ob
tained for the State by
W. L. Watts.
Examined Gedrgical Formation and
Mapped Oat All Southern Oil
Districts.
Long investigations just completed by
the State Mining Bureau confirm the
article published in Thk Call a few days
ago in which A. S. Cooper, the Santa
Barbara asphaltum and oil expert, de
clared that California has great possibili
ties as an oil producer.
W. L. Watts returned yesterday from
the southern part of the State, where for
almost a year and a half he has been con
stantly at work examining and mapping
the oil districts of Santa Barbara, Ventura
and Los Angeles counties. He has done an
enormous amount of work along lines that
had not before been scientifically followed
in California, and he has collected much
valuable data which he will later embody
in a pamphlet report treating the subject
of the oil fields of the State.
"There is an immense quantity of oil in
California," said Mr. Watts, when seen at
the Grand shortly after his arrival. "All
the way from San Diego to Humboldt
County there is a great oil district follow
ing the slopes of the Coast Range.
"Mr. Crawford, the State Mineralogist,
anticipated the growing importance of pe
troleum as a California product, for it was
at his suggestion that I undertook this
work in Southern California. I was de
tailed to gather all the 'informa
tion obtainable concerning the cur
rents of petroleum in the» southern
districts and to make sketch maps show
ing the geological position of formations
yielding the oil, the object being to ascer
tain on what geological horizons prospect
ing for petroleum would be likely to be
most successful
"Many men have been working on the
same iaea in the Eastern oil States. It it
something that requires much time and
labor. Here the completion of the worfe
will require careful and persistent effort,
as tbe broken nature of the geological for
mation in the Coast Range made it a task
more difficult than that undertaken in the
Eastern oil regions.
"I have examined and n.apped the Sum
merland oil district, a few miles below the
city of Santa Barbara; the oil district
north of Santa Paula in Ventura County;
the Sespe oil fields in the same county;
the Los Angeles oil fields; the Puente oil
fields, also in Los Angeles County; and all
the country intervening. I was greatly
interested in the work and was in the field
seven days in the week for nearly a year
and a half.
"There is still a good deal of work to be
done in working up the paleontological
conditions. My report will show* the geo
logical horizon of oil-bearing formation
vhere they are situated, their extent and
(he structural conditions in whioh oil oc
curs in valuable quantities."
American Prices at Moscow
Headers of the daily papers interested
in the descriptive articles on the Czar's
coronation in the old capital of Muscovy
may have seen among other paragraphs
the important statement, evidently cabled
ofer to America for the special benefit of
aL of as, that "foity-nine eminent singers
have been engaged for the festivities and
that Siegfried Arnoldson.one of them, will
siig ten times and receive ?IGOO for each
performance."
-'o doubt much alarm will be created in
Eirope by the publication ol this item,
particularly after the information gets
Lac* aeain to Russia on the return wave,
where consternation may ensue. It does
not make so much difference to us here,
because we are battling with a great finan
cial problem as it is. But it must not be
forgotten that the appropriation for the
Moscow coronation festivities was long
since fixed, the sum of 13,000,000 rubles
being put aside for the fetes, and now this
Arnoldson engagement of ten perform
ances at $1600 each, which means $16,000,
or 32,000 rubles, will upset things most
damnably at the Kremlin. It may event
ually lead to the nnal dismissal of Pobo
donistieff, for it is be who has overlooked
this great outlay in the original esimates
and it is he who will be blamed by mil
lions of moujiks and billions of the cream
of Tartary, who, in consequence, will now
be deprived of their vodki.
And what a storm of indignation will
arise when old man Fob and General^lgna
lieff and the old duck, Vladimir, and
others learn that this same singer sang
wisely, but not too well, in this country
for Maurice Grau at the Metropolitan
Opera-bouse for about two hundred cold
plunks, or 400 rubles a night, and a mighty
j.riceitwas — considering. Shades of Ru
binstein's Ivan the Terrible! How you
will splutter when you ascertain the price
of Arnoldson in Moscow and the price she
got on Thirty-ninth street— and then was
not engaged for the next season either.
It is not reported who the other forty
eight singers are who have been giving
vent to their acquired feelings before the
Czar and his court at Moscow during those
twenty days of anti-nihilistic fun and
jewbilation, but if each one has a press
agent who can get the newspaper manager
at Moscow to do as Fischoff , who is Arnold
son's husband and agent, has succeeded
in doing in this case, the total sum at
tached to their names would 48x1600,
which is 76,800 ten times for the ten per
formances, and for all the forty-nine, in
cluding Arnoldßon, the sum of $748,000. or
in rubles 1,568,000. No wonder we have
been exporting gold to Russia. It is for
Fischon and his wife and the other forty
eight great singers, and if we had had no
gold, if silver were now current at 16 to 1,
which would of course signify that the
gold had all been drawn out of the coun
try, Russia could not have secured any
without a premium and Fischoff would
have bankrupted that nation, for all it
needed on top of tnese salaries was the
premium.
Who is the genius to be credited with
petting up iliat corner in singers for the
Moscow operatic racket? Was it Fischoff
himself? When he married Arnoidson
no one considered him a genius; but the
marrying of singers oftentimes has a re
markable effect upon otherwise ordinary
men.— Musical Courier.
v FINANCIAL. ,*.:. J".
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WtiEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., TeL Main 1954.
BBANCH OFFICE .
Cl>3 Market eC, Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828 r
-_ J. 8. PUKDY. Manager. •
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
_, unions. Reference Ist National Bank, 8. F.
c&iCAou riuvAi*; wittit maw yobk,
This small tree stood in the midst of
disaster.
A 4-inch beam driven through a steel
boiler.
A FEW OF THE STRANGE THINGS DONE BY THE ST.' LOUIS TORNADO.
[from the St. Louis Republic.]
Whist beginners and the moderate play- I
ers, as some writer designates a large class
of whisters, often complain that they have
no opportunity of practicing and playing
with the players of recognized merit.
Some never mage an audible remon
strance, but unquestionably think they
are not receiving treatment that is quite
fair. Others voice their grievance, and
the protest often reaches the ears of the
managing committee of tne club. In
many places schemes of rotation play have
been tried, by which each player will play
with all otner members, or the partners
have been drawn by lot, or progressive
teams of eight have been started, with the
winners of each match moving np into a
better grade, but all such plans which aim
to compel the good players to practice
with beginners usually result in lailure,
the good players remaining away or re
fusing to enter the contest.
The beginners have a certain amount of
justice in their complaint; perhaps they
could make good scores if given an oppor
tunity to play with the assistance of a
strong partner. The "graduate" must
not, however, be censured too severely. It
is tbe same in all walks of life. At dancinp
school the finished waltzers do not care to
tread a measure with beginners who con
tinually stumble over their toes; business
men do not choose an inexperienced and
incompetent partner in a business venture,
but select brainy and gifted men who can
aid and not retard.
The young wbist-player is like the
young lawyer. He must show bis ability
before he i 3 recognized. He must make
himself feared as an opponent; then he j
will be sought after as a partner. To do j
this requires study, work ana practic ■••
Whist being purely a mental recreation, !
every one cannot play witn equal ease.
Nevertheless whist-players are made.tnot
born, and all can hope to become good
players. Some will need to do more
work than others to acquire the desired
proficiency, ]ust as some minds take natu
rally to mathematics and «ome do not.
With the former the addition of a long
column of figures is accomplished witn
rapidity and ease, while the latter must
take much time and pains to perform the
addition correctly, but they will find the
sum just as surely, and with practice they
will become skillful.
If you wish to acquire a foreign language
it wiil require study and application. You
cannot hope to wake up some morning
and be able to speak and understand
French, having acquired the language in
your dreams.
That skillful writer, T. E. Otis, in speak
ing of becoming proficient at whist, says:
"To become a proficient whist-player
there is no better practice ti an to play
over a hand, then analyze it, noting tbe
fine plays and the errors. Do this after
the play of tbe band, never during the
play. From the moment the first card
touches the table until the last trick is
turned, never discuss the play. If a series
of hands is played and a record kept of
each card as it is played, and these an
alyzed in the most thorough manner, with
ail tbe cards spread on the table, the
bad plays may be noted and particu
larly impressed upon the mind and
their bad effects be so marked that
they will not be easily forgotten. It
is only by continuous, patient study of tbe
many conditions and combinations of
cards that one is able to acquire an easy
manner and get accustomed to playing
correctly without matting a great effort.
Memory is not so much a factor in whist
as is the natural or acquired habit of care
ful observation. If you observe carefully
and thoughtfully you will recollect. As a
test of your usual habits lay down this
paper and see how much you can recollect
of the thoughts and wording of the article
quoted above from Mr. Otis. If you can
not recall much of it read it over again,
considering the ideas and meaning care
fully, and then try again. This is not
memorizing, but simply observing and
noting.
Some one has said that if on coming out
of a room, in which you had been only a
few minutes, you were asked bow many
chairs there were in the room, you prob
ably could not answer. This would not
be a fault of the memory. It would simply
be a lack of observation. If you had ob
served that there were seven chairs the
mind would have no difficulty in remem
bering the fact So with cards played at
tbe whist table. If you will note and ob
serve them the mind will remember them.
Draw inferences when the cards fall so
that when it comes your turn to play you
will know what to do, because the remain
ing cards are placed- A sad habit is to be
inattentive during the lall of the cards
and late in the hand try to go over the
play to locate the unplayed cards.
Do not play a listless game. Give each
hand your undivided attention or better
not play it at all.
When you study over illustrated hands
lay all the cards before you on the table;
imagine yourself each one of the placers
in turn ; before you play a card step and
think what you would do if it was your
turn to play in an actual game and note
wherein your play would be different from
that in the illustration.
Practice and play of this kind will soon
make whist easy and make the beginner a
desirable and sought-after partner.
WHISTLETB.
"Cavendish" and Whitfield will sail for
England on July 4.
Miss Wheelock is reported to have said
that the most delightful game she Dad in
Brooklyn was with Whitfield as a partner.
Tlie June number of "Wliist" has ar
rived, it >s more than usually full of good
things, including problems and interest-
Ing illustrated hands, and a contribution
by Pole on "Tbe History of Modern Whist
Literature."
We have received a copy of "Whist
Openings: A Systematic Treatment of
the Short-Suit Game," by E. C. Howell.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1896.
The bark is gone, bat the leaves remain.
One of these stone steps was drive
into the ground unbroken.
WHIST
The press of the country treat the new
book with considerable kindness, actuated,
we believe, by the personal feelings of the
whist-writers for Mr. Howell. It appears
wofully weak and vague in spots.
In the firsthand used to illustrate the
advanta c of the short-suit play a gain of
two tricks is claimed for the short-suit
opening. An examination of the hand,
however, shows that the gain is not made
altogether by the opening, but by the good
play in the trump suit in the middle of
the hand. Does short-suitism need to
be upholstered by erroneous statements?
The American leads and long-suit play
never needed any such supports.
Milton Work speaks as follows of the
book: It outlines a complete system of
leads (mainly of the short-suit variety),
which when used at once removes from
short suitism the objection of being non
informatory. The plan suggested is to
divide all leads into five classes, viz.:
Long-suit game when you lead a 2, 3, 4
or 5.
Ruffing game when you lead a 6, 7 or 8.
Supporting-card eanie when you lead a
9, 10, jack or queen.
High-card game when you lead an ace
or king.
Trump game when you lead a trump.
The followine are some of the writer's
main ideas on the subject:
"PI .y the long suit came if you have a
good plain suit, fair strength in trumps
and at least one reasonably probable card
of re-entry in another suit.
"You should not indicate the long suit
game by your original lead unless you are
perfectly willing that partner should im
mediately lead trumps from strong or
weak ones.
"With an established suit (either in
j your own or your partner's hand) four
trumps and a card of re-entry in another
suit lead trumps."
He £ives the meaning of leads in the fol
lowing summary :
Ace followed by king indicates the
| high card game, generally five or more in
I suit with little or no strength outside of
i the suit led, followed by small card indi
| cates the rutting frame with probably no
j more in the suit led.
King followed by ace indicates the
: high-card game, but greater accompany
ing strength than ace followed by king —
| unaccompanied by ace indicates the high
! card game with probably queen and jack
and others of the suit remaining.
Queen indicates the supporting-card
game and not more than two in the suit.
Jack, followed by queen, indicates the
high-card game, re suit led being queen,
jack, ten and others, followed by ace or
king or a small card, indicates the sup
porting-card game, and generally not more
than three in suit.
Ten or nine indicates the supporting
card game; followed by jack or ten, re
spectively, indicates a suit of four or
more; doe* not deny higher caids in suit.
Eight, seven or six indicates the rufflng
>rame, witn generally not more than two
in suit; generallyjdenies any higher card
in the suit.
Five, four, three, two, indicates the
long-suit game, with probably a good suit
and certainly trump strength; commands
partner, if he gets in early, to lead trump.
'1 his is all thoroughly, ably and care
fully explained in a style that is sure to in
terest any whist-player. One objection to
the system (which we believe to be the
greatest trick loser we have ever been
called upon to consider) is that while it
may fit a few hands, in many caees it will
force a disadvantageous lead. As an ex
ample, we give a few of the leads it neces
sitates, all of which Mr. Howell advocates.
Hearts are trump in all three hands,
and in no case is the turn-up an important
factor. The card Mr. Howell would lead
is indicated by an asterisk.
Heart*. Clobs. Diamonds. Spade*,
J, 8, 7, 6,4 X, 0,5,3,2 *8, 6. 3 Non«
A. 7, 2 K,»J, 8, 6 8 6,4,S 4,2
S. 5 A. Q 6,4.3,2 Q, 8. 2 »A, 6
10, 4, 3 Q,»9, 4. 5 X, J. 5 <± 8. 2
J, 10,5 A, J. 4. 2 Q.»10.4,2 5? 2
4 Q, J, 9, 8, 3, 2 A, Q, 10, 9 »8, 3
•10, 8 Q, 8, 6, » 8, 5, 3, i Q, 8, 7
The above seven hands are among forty
given by Mr. Howell on page 87, the
first page of examples of leads given by
him.
We think no further examination or
comment is necessary; any system which
requires such a sacrifice as any one of the
above leads in one hand out of every six
cannot be worthy of adoption.
In spite of our earnest disapproval of
the system, however, we consider
"Whist Openings" interesting reading for
the student and experienced player.
We believe an examination of ' Mr. How
ell's book will go !ar to bring back to
the lone-suit fold those wno may have
moderate short-suit leanings, and will
strengthen the views of the vast majority
who have never swerved from the true
faith.
One year ago Mr. Howell went to Min
neapolis with a "system" which was ex
pected to electrify the whist world, but
which its advocates abandoned as worth
less within a week. We do not look for a
more extensive future for the system he
now supports.
The solution of our problem No. 6 is as
follows:
(The winning card is underscored.)
1... OA-
-2...... ~o\r
3
4 08
5. . »4
6 ............. +4 '
7 <M
8.............. ~4TT~
TKICK.
NOBTH.
EABT.
O7
O9
OA
08
07
09
■
SOUTH. WEST.
03 05 '
06 OJ
+2 02
♦8 05
+9 +Q
■fg, +R
■ 010 ,QQ
Trick 3. If East refuses to take king of
diamonds, South discards his heart, and
the remaining three tricks for .North and
South are obvious.
If South trumps ace of diamonds, West
makes Doth clubs and queen of hearts.
If South discards heart, West will win
Of alt the structures in Lafayette Park
this one, the weakest, alone remains.
This iron pole still stands.
two tricks with his remaining cards; South
must therefore discard his clubs.
Trick 5. West has the option of dis
carding a club, or a heart, or of trumping.
I have shown tbe play following discard
of a club. If he discards the heart, South
at trick 7 leads ten hearts. If West
trumps, North overtrumps, otherwise
pacseg.
In case West trumps at trick 5, North
overtrumps, and the last three tricks are
made by North and South on a cross ruff.
The ventilation of mo9t whist club
rooms is atrocious. Windows make ba 1
ventilators, as they make draughts on
those sitting near" if they are open. If
they are closed the room soon becomes
close and stuffy. Electric exhaust fans
are suitable for most rooms.
Pembrtdge'a ideal whistroom had
neither doors nor windows, as they may
admit draughts. He said windows es
pecially were objectionable, as some
scoundrel might raise the sash and an
other scoundrel might lower it again.
Again, windows instead of being placed
in the ceilinsr or the floor— where you
would naturally expect to find them —
were always at tbe side of tbe room, and
no player could see a card with the win
dows) in such a position.
The following interesting hand is by W.
H. Whitneld:
Three spades trumps. East to lead.
(The winning card is underscored).
TRICK. EAST, j SOUTH, j 'WEST. NORTH.
1 OA 03 i 05 04
2 00 _0K__ 02 OIO
3 08 Ob i 09 ! «*3
4 +3 *J *A ~+2~
5 *9 »0 ~lTS~j V3
6 ~ 02 !_0K_ : 06 05
.7 04 _0*l_ OIO 07
8.............. *6 _+U_ +4 +5
9 09 OA ' »2 or
10 +9 «4 | +10 +K
11 OJ ~^7~i »6 4.7-
12 »7 ♦! I *8 +8
13 #10 »A *K ! OJ
TRICK-
Trick 1 — Y does not commence a cail
for trumps, altboug i be is strong, since
it seems probable that he mav be able to
force his partner by leading losing dia
monds. When a player'? long suit can
not possibly be established a trump lead
is generally inadvisable.
Trick 2— By leading the queen A shows
that he has the knave and one other
diamond exactly. 6 has called for tiumi s.
Z playing ihe ten has no more diamonds.
Trick 5— Y cannot lose anything by de
ceiving his partner as to tne position of
the trumps, and a false card can do no
harm. It is advisable riot to let B know
that Y has tne major tenace, which he
must know if Y wins with the knave.
Trick 7 — It is advisable to lead a second
round of hearts before returning the club,
for fear A may get in and eive his partner
a discard on a winning diamond.
Trick 10 — The position of the remaining
cards is now quite clear to Y. B can have
nothing but trumps, and A has knave of
diamonds. If Y leaves the trick to his
partner ihe latter must lead a suit which
A can trump. E will of course play his
best trump. A will have to play a card
of his major tenace or else leave
the lead with A, and have his tenace led
through; in either case, he only makes
one more trick. But by trumping this
trick and leading a diamond, Y can place
the lead in B's band, who. having nothing
but trumps, must win ihe diamond trick
and then lead up toY's tenace.
At trick 1, it is doubtful whether D
should commence a call for trumps.
Most players would probably do so.
At trick 4, Z does not deem it advisable
to show precise number by leading bis
fourth best, as there has been an adverse
call for tramps.
At trick 10 B's best play is doubtful. If
he leads a trump Y, alter winning with
the knave, should lead ace, and next the
losing trump, to put the lead into B's
hand.
She newly elected officers of the Amer
ican Whist League are as follows: Presi
dent, Walter H. Barney; vice-presi
dent, H. A. Mandell; recording
secretary, Bertram D. Kribben (re
elected); corresponding secretary, Robert
H. Weeras; treasurer, Benjamin L.
Richards; director, T. E. Otis; to fill the
unexpired term of ex-President Schwartz,
J. E. Schwab, T. A. Whelan, J. F.
Mitchell and Clarence A. Henriques; board
of appeals, Or. Joseph 6. Neff.
Mr. Barney, after con-siderabie protest,
retired from the board of appeals and his
place was filled by George L. Bunn.
DOUBLE DUMMY PROBLEM.
BY W. H. Whitfeld.
Spades trumps; South to lead and North and
South to take the eight tricks.
Tobacco in America.
Caricaturists in depicting a German are
in the habit of putting a big pipe in his
mouth. The pipe is national, indeed; but
the Germans as a nation are far from being
the greatest smokers. They do not smoke
more than Frenchmen, Russians, Swedes
or Hungarians. The men of the United
Btates and tue men of Switzerland are the
most inveterate smokers in the world. In
these two countries the consumption of
tobacco per head is three timesgreater
than in Germany.
Standings are provided for only 5000
cabs in London, though there are over
11,000 licensed vehicles.
• ♦ — «
THE CALL CALENDAR.
■a.
Mo.
Tu.| W.
1
14 15
21 22
28 29
Th.
Fr.
Sa.
Moon's Phases
I
"I
a
3,
' * \(T\ Last Quarter.
— - VSV July 'i.
11 —
_— A. 2»ew Moon.
|C July 10.
- i
6
9
10
I -I
12
IS
16
17
—
i - i
19
20
23
24
25
/^\ First Quart
\JJ , July 17.
■26
37
30
31
\(3\ Fall Moon.
|^/ , July 24.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure From San Francisco.
BTKAXKB 1 I'KSTIVATIOV I
SAII.-i.
I PIRR.
P0m0na.....
Corona
Trnckee ....
£cr*Ka ....
ABlanchara
Columbia.
Weeott
Santa Rosa.
Walla Walla
A. raw. ......
Colon
.Farm on
Bt Pant......
Del .None ..
Australia....
City Peklne.
flat* of v-».
5un01. .......
L" mat li la. ..
Mnmboldilia? July 6. km Pier »
San Diego..... July 6.11 am Plerll
Coos 8ar..... July 6. 6pm Oceanic
•N»wtHm .... July 0, Viii Pier 11
Oregon Dona.. July 6. 6pm Pier 13
Portland July 7,10 am Pier ' 24
Eel Kiver July 7. 6pm Pier 13
San Diego July B.llam Plerll
Vlo&Pgtßna July a Oaii Pier 9
i'«o» hut July B.loam Her 18
Panama July 9.1*2 m'.PMBS
taanina Bay. July 9, 9am Pier 2
Newport JulylO. 9am Pier 11
Haroor. Juiyll, ... .
| Honolulu Juiyll. loam Oceanic
China* Japan July 11. Srv PM SB
I'ortiam... . ; July 12.1 | Pier 'J4
Grays Harbor. . Ju1y12.12 v \ Pier 'A
\ Vie A Pgt Mini Julyl3. Cam Pier 9
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
BTEAMICB
bn.vc
I not*
Cleone
City of Pekltm..
Weeotu
Proereso ,
M1ne01a. ........
Arasro....
Australia.
Santa H0WL. ....
Empire .........
Pomona.
Crescent ..
Hi ram
Farallon
Norm t0rn.....
Cmatllla
Biataof Cal
Del NorM
Hunol
Corona
Doric
CrescentCltjr July 6
China « japan » .July 6
rJei Htver July 5
Seat-tie. -. July 5
Tacoma .. July 5
Coos Bay July 6
H0n01u1u..... July 6
MdDiho. „ ..July 6
Portland July 7
Horn bold; nay July 7
Crescent City... July 8
Newport. ..July 8
Yianlni Bar July 8
Humboidt bar July 8
Victoria A Punt Bound ..July 9
P0rt1and....... July 9
Grays Uaroor ..July 9
Grays rtaroor July 9
San .Dleso. July 11
China and Japan ....... July 19
S UN, MOON AND TIDE.
. r. *• Coast A*T» Okodktic St!HVKT TfD*>
Eci-t.KTiN Published nr OrpiciAb V
' ATTHOBITY OP THK SUTHIII NTKN DXX T. )
Sund .v, July 5.
SnnrtSM 4.6'i| Moon ri5e5....... 0.22 am
Sunsets 7.36,.>100n sets .
Jnly-1890.
gJTlme| Feet |Tlme| Feet'l!^ Feet TlHill Fmi
6 im~i 0.8 1 ivs 8.4 .-j.17
6 2.64 O.U 10.14 3.5 1.131
7 8.54 —U 3 11.0« ' 3.7, 2.09
8 4.12-0.8 11.49 4.0 3.0 a
9 4.50 -1.1 12.25 4.1 3.5*
0 5.9 -1.2 1.00 4.5; 4.61
1 608 -1.2 1.31 4.7 6.44
~~27« 7. 11 51
8.0 7.4K 6.7
3.4 8.31 1 6,£
3.3! 916 6.)
.H.i 10.01 6.!
,i A , 0. 46 i 6 5
3.0 1f. 35' 8.1
r«OTK— In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
or.ier of occurrence as to time. The second tim»
column gives the second tide or the day, the thirl
time column the third tide, and the last or right
band column -rives the last tide of the day, except
when tnere are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coav. survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— > precedes tha
heigh 1 , and then the number (riven is subtract!**
from th<» <I*r>tri - vpn hr rip rhnrtn.
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE.
Arrived.
SATURDAY. July 4.
Btmr Walla Walla, Wallace, 62 V* nours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse, to
Goodall. Perkins A Co.
Stnir Greenwood. Carlson. 15 hours from Green
wood: liinii»«>r. to L E White Lumber Co, •
Strur Willamette, Holmes, — hours from
Seattle: 11830 tons coal, to Oregon Imp Co.
Btmr Homer. Bon field, 9Vs days (rom Dutch
Harbor; ballast, to Nor h American Commercial
Co.
Stinr Mlneola, Pillsbnry. 80 hours from Tacoma;
3500 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland direct.
stmr Columbia, Bolies. f>7 l4 hours fro Portland,
I via Astoria 48 hours: produce, to O R A N Co.
Stmr Eureka, Jensen. 70 hours from Newport
and way ports; pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins
j & Co.
! S;mr Caspar, Anfindsen. 65 hours from Rp
j dontto; i>nll is . to Caspar Lumber c<>.
Stmr NewsDoy, Fosen, 'JO hours from Us»l;
260 M ft lumber, to L's»l Redwood Lumber Co.
Stmr Albion, Lundqulst. 21 hours from .Nee He
Rock; 2611 eds bark, tv Kullman A -alz.
Htmr Trackee, Thomas, 44 hours from Coon
Bay: pass and mdse. to J 1) rtnreckels A Bros Co.
Stmr Colon, Macklunon, 21 days from Panama
and wav ports: pass and mdse, to P M S 8 Co.
Scbr Bobolink, Nelson, 24 hours from Mendo
dno: — M ft lumber, to Mendocino Lumber Co.
• Schr Joseph and Henry-, Chnstensen. 72 hrs fnn
Coqnllle River; 135 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lum
ber Co.
failed.
SATURDAY. July 4.
Bktn Tarn o' Shunter, Patterson, Columbia
River.
Schr W 8 Phelps, Mercer. Mendocino.
Scbr Lena Sweasey, Johnson, Seattle.
lelegrapliic.
POINT LOBOs. July 4-10 p. ic.-Weather
thick . wind B\V; velocity. 12 oitiej.
Spoken.
Per Mlneola— July 3 about 40 miles NW of Point
Reyes sighted the Ger ship Christine, from, -yd
ney, for san Francisco.
l>ome»tic Port*.
PORTTOWNSBNU-Arrlved July 4— *»ehr King
Cyrus, from Shanghai; so hr Annie Larsen, hence
Jane 19.
HEDONDO— Arrived July 4— Stmr Protection,
from Ushl.
NEWPORT— Sailed July 4-Stmr Alcazar, for
San Francisso. .
TACOMA— Arrived July 4— Bktn Monitor, hnc
. June 16.
YAQUINA BAY— Arrived July 4— Stmr Faral
lon. hence July 1. . ■
MENDOCINO-Arrtved July 4-Btmr Point
Arena, hence July 2. -
PORT BLAKKLKY— SaiIed July- 4- Bark Mer
cury, for Ban Francisco.
Arrived July 4— Schr >'orma; schr F S Bedfleld,
from San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG— Bailed July 4— Stmr Noyo, for
San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 3— Stmr Del Norte,
hence Jnne 30; stmr Farallon. hence July 1.
Sailed July - a- 7>tmr Alice Hlanchard, for °an
Francisco; stmr Del .None, for Grays Harbor;
achrs Viking and Daisy Rnwe, for San Francisco.
July 4— stmr Farallon, (or Yaquina Bay; schr Go
tama, for San traucisco.
Importations.
, ' PORTLAND AND ABTORIA— Per Columbia—
1 190 sks oysters, 100 cs salmon, 500 bdls snooks,
1000 cross arms. 7571 wheat, 355 bdls hides,
262 aks ilaxseed, 1 bag coin, 1 lot express, 134
gunnies 553S sks flour, 2SB sks wool, 1512 sks
bran. — bdls snooks. 29 bbls spirits. 1641 bdls
paper, 37 sks oats. 362 sks shorts, 902 bxs tin
plate. 140 bdls staves, 428 salt hides, 16 M ft lum
ber. ■-•" .■■■-•.,•..
NEWPORT— Per Eureka-48 bxs lemons, 74
bxs oranges. •
East San Pedro— Bl cs canned fish. 4cs shoes. <
Han Pedro— 7 pkgs mdse, 1 crate crockery, 1 bbl
onions. 55 cs canned fish.
, Los Angeles via San Pedro— l lot household fur
niture.
Hue«9ne— Isk coffee, 1 cs fancy goods, Ibx
lemons. . *TJWflliy 'iTrinnrnr]
Ventura— 2 plcga dry goods, 4 bales wool. 1 bx
paint, 108 cs honey, 1 bx fixtures. 1 crt bottle
waihers, 1 coop ducks, 77 bxs oranges, 1 horse, 90
bxn lemons, 1 pkg radse.
. Carpenterla — bbls «sphaltum. . ■ . > -
Santa Barbara— l bag corks. 3 rolls carrot. 1 bbl
glassware, 1 gas machine. 1 bx fixtures, 49 pkgs
telegraph material, 2 horses.
(iiiviota— l3 bxs fish.
Port Harford— oxs fish.
P C By stations— 4 kegs 25 bxs butter, 11 cs eggs.
- Cayucos— s bbls 39 bxs butter. 6 bales seaweed,
6 cs eggs. 13 bdls baling ties, 1 bx mJse, 6 dressed
calves.
. San eon— tubs 35 bxs butter, 4cs eicss, 1
bdl axles. 1 saddle, 1 bx glass. • 1 sk harness, 6 bales
seaweed, 2 bxa butter, 3 dressed calves.' '
VANCOUVER— Per Walla Walla-8 cs pianos,
556 cs champagne, 6 cs hosiery, 7 pkgs mdse, 41
cs boots and shoes-
Vancouver— bdls hides, 37 bdls calfskins, 1
bdl dry hides. 68 siiee? <elts, 37 pktrs mdse. °
. New Whatcom— 24 pKgs mdse, 5788 ska oats, 2
pkgs express, 1 sk coin. . .
Anacortes— 3349 sks oats.
Even-tt— s6 ' kegs nails, 125 pkgs mdse, 2000
bdls snooks, 1 pkg hoops, 183 rolls 234 Ddls 10 cs
paper. . -
Seattle— 2o bxs herring, 72 bxs 1 car fish, 12 bxs
plates, 66 bdls salt | bides. { l4l pkgs jnnic. 19 ens
smoked meats. 11 cs samples. 9 sks coin. 347 pkgs
mdse. 483 tons coal, 7 bdls hides, 20 bdls hides. 'i
2is bats. . . ■ ■ , :■-'■• - • " . :-^:«sp
Seattle via G N By— 3 pkgs mdse, X4O sks feed,
750 ski flour. ' - : - .-* ..-■■•.
: June iv— l sk mdse, 1 bx 1 bar gold bullion, 1
bar silver bullion. ■ .- . ; . ■ :. -; .-,
Douglass Island— l6o pkgs nidse, 1 bz bullion. .
I Port Townsend— l2s kegs nails. Ibx . dry goods.
!2 pkics mdse. • . .-.
Ylctorla-226 bdls aides, 2 pkgs mdse.
Tacoma— B4 pkgs mdse. 29 sks bran.
Tacoma west of Fargo— B2o pigs furniture. 2 bxs
hardware. 4 18 odla hoops, 283 sks flax. 151tt-lif
Bks 40 qr-sks Hour, 180 ska wheat, 40 bxi bottles.
i pkgs mdse, 82 bxs stove polish, 2 bxs hats.
.COOS BAY— Per Truckee— 329 tons coal. 160
tubs butter, 85 hogs, 47 sks wool. 22 pc» machin
ery, 47 sks wool, 1 pk c 3hoes.lpkg brais, 138
kegs, 7 cs bottles.
t'on«lennm.
Per Colurabla-A P Smith; Cutting Packing Co:
M E^ A Wagner; Fo * a A i'arker; 8 Kosblanct .
Darbee & lmrnel; Wells, Karico & Co; M. P Detels;
Morgan Oyster Co; M B Moraghan: Allen & Lewis:
Srm 11811 181 * £ o: <-'l«"»op Mill Co: J Everting & Co:
Willamette Pulp & Paper Co: Western Union TV
Co; Otis. McAllister Co; Thos Fisher; T J Con
ner; Baltour, Guthrie A Co: Blsslnger & Co; Jacob
Wollner; Moore, Ferguson & Co: W C Price & Co:
FHlUensiCo; James A Lacy; J P Thomas: H 8
Crocker * Co; Durall ft Carroll; GK Atkinson:
Golden Gate rlaner Mills.
Per Kureka-Wetraore Bros: Gray A Barbleri : J
II Cain: Campodonico & Malcolm : L Soatena <fc Co:
Gould & Jaudin: UuH. Lubrs & Co; F X Kecjamil);
Keed & - McCullocb: Cerf, Scliloss & Vo- Inwio
PackingCo; Cutting Fruit Co: fr'ontana & co: W X
Dodge: Kin -Morse Can in? CO; A Branclenstei
& Co; Amor Caro Acid & Gas Co; C Carpy A Co:
Garcia & Maggtnl; De BernardiA Co; Austin & Co;
W P Fuller* Co: Greenbanm, Well A MicheU: G
G Wlckson; Erlnnger & Ualinger: Platsheic * Har
ris; Murphy, Grant * Co: Wood. Cards AC; Kad
lam Bros: Levl Spieeel A Co; W A J Sloane A Co:
Abramson A Meui:tscr,:J Ivancovlch & co: lmm-1
A Co: A O Green: A G Long: Wie>nd Brewing Co;
Frederlcksburg Brewery; American Union Fish
Co; Wheaton, Breon A Co: ■ APatadlnl: i->un-et
.Telephone and Telegraph Co: MT Freltas A Co:
HHmer. Bredhoff A sclinlz; Norton, Teller A Co:
D E Allison A Co; Marshall, Teggart <& Co: Pacific
Coast Fish Co; C X Whitney A Co; Bragbam.
Hand A Co: Buss, Banders A Co; Ross A Hewlett :
O Smith it Co: H Klrchmann A Co; Taylor A
Taylor; Getz Bros <fc Co: . Dairymen's Union : j John
Walton; B G Kunl A Co: Milanl A Co; Hills Bros:
Baker A Hamilton: Dodge, Sweeney A Co; Waie
A Co; Western Meat Co; J E Densmore: A H
Wallace
Per Walla Walla— W B Sumner A Co:" T Gar
rett: WOHlnton; Oregon Imp Co W D Me Ar
thur; 8 G Warden: Wells, Fargo A Co; C M Vol.:
man: C J Leist it Co; II W illxgiiis; London and
ban Francisco Bank: Bank of California; ATO M
Co: San Francisco Cheruica. Works; J li French:
Geo Morrow A Co; N°wberger, Re.sa A Co: Sunset
Telephone and Telegraph Co: Thomas sullivun;
W T Smith: W W Shipley: J P Reed: li THoimes
ACo; Doerneoecker Furniture Co; H T Holmes
Lime Co: Dunham, Carrlgan A Co: H Levy A CO:
American Biscuit Co: De Monte Milling Co; KG
Gruenhagen <& o: Chambers, Price A Co; W <;
Kicliardson; Blake, Moillu & Towne; Gibraltar
Warehouse Co; Abramson A Co; J C Paul; The
Viavico; Kapha°l A Co:H Dutard: StauftVr&Co:
Sherman, Clay & Co: Cahn, Nickelsburg A Co; J
Wieiaud; North American Commercial Co: Bank
of British North Amer.ca: Koinschi d &Co; C II
Meyer A Bros; Murphy, Grant A Co; Everett, Bo.i
Fac.ory: Wm Wolff A Co; -Demlng-Paimer Mill-
IdkCo; Buckingham, Hechl A Co; KG Drew A Co;
J DSpreckels&BrosCo; H Du'.ard; Gibraltar
Warehouse Co: Cnlcago Brewery; American Union
Fish Co: Airier Press Assn: Kissinger A Co; Burn
stein Bros: Armour imKinjCo; Fredericksburc
Brewery; Chas Harley A Co; (1 Camtllonl A Co: £
G Lyons * Coj A PalMtnl: W T Sauls; Stonhall
Sons A Co; California Wine Association; Duff A
Co; Q B Thornton; Lev! Strauss A Co; P Berwtn A
sous: M. J iJraudensteln A Co: R W Borough; L J
Rottgur; Macondry A Co: John Reid; H Hldrom;
X W Stambaugn; G B Thornton.
Per Truckee-J D Spreckels A Bros Co; Risdon
Iron Works; C X Whitney A Co; Hulme A Hart:
Hills Bros; A L Bryan shoe Co; W X Garrett A
Co; Bay City &oda;Works.
For taie Shtpptnp Intetltaencr .SVv fourteenth Pcuje,
OCEAT? STEAMSHIPS.
O. 3FL. _dB3 3XT.
ASTORIA ANIPORMft
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEAL > AND BERTH i INCLUDED.
Colombia sails June I",, July 7, 17 and 37
fciateot California sails. July 2, 12 ana 21
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. *.
GOODALL. PERKINS <t CO.. Genl. Sup:s.
i\ F. COHMJU, (i'neral A«eni.
630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST steamship CO3IPAJST
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C. and
PUGET SOUND.
Plrat Class dB.OO
Second. Class-^Q.OO
' Meals and. berth Included.
Ticket Office — 4 Sew Montgomery Street
OOODALL, PERKINS* CO.,
U< irai A stptu*
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COfIPAJF
STEAMERS WILL SAtI, FROM. <&*&.
C Broadway wharf, baa i'rauclsca as ■&?£?*
follows: n ***
for Mary Island. Lorin?. WraneeU Jnneao. Kll-
lUnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at w a. it, July 3, 13.
l^. as .«,■. . la, ..
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. (*.>, Port Town-
»end. Beat-.lt, Tacoma, Kverett, Anacortes and »i*
Wliatcoru (Kelllu^hani Bar, Wusti.), 9 A. M.
•''l 3 . , xi. .o. -.'a -2t(, ana every flf;t»
day thereafter, connecting; at Vancouver wlta
the C. P. K. 8., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with O. >«". Hy., at Port Townaend wlta
Alaska steamers.
or Eureka. Arcata anl Fields Landing (llu
boldt Bay) str. Pomona. '& p. ic., .m y ■'■ 8. IJ,
IB - ' j■. fi and evprv fourtl: day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Stmeoa, Cayacov
Port Harfor.l (San Luis Übis|K>), Uaviota, Sania
Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro. Kasc nan
Pedro (Los Angeles) una Newport, at 9 a. m.. July
2, o. << .t. Is, --■ -t> JO nad «very luur.u day
thereafter.
For Ban Dt^iro. jtoppln; only M Port Harforl I
(San i.vi« Oblspo), danta Barbara. Port I/ii
AiiKeles, Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M-, " y . i 12. ij, \i>, J4, i;- Mai every
fourth day thereafter.
tor Knsenada, San Joss del Cabo, Mnzattan, Li
Fax. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), sir. Orlz^bj.
10 a. If., " v jt»na"Js!ii»f «'<-■ . month chf rt?aft-r.
Ticket office. Palace ilotdl, 4 New Montsoratry
■treeu
UOOSALI* PERKINS <fc CO., O«n1 A cat*.
10 Mark >' 1 it. Ban Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f% days tc
HAWAII, SAMOA, LT HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, !■ »v
AUSTRALIA, Vs.S. AUSTRALIA.
8.8. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Satur-
day, July 11, at 10 a. M. Bnectal parly ra es. -. ,'
8. S. MA if > sails via HONOLULU an!
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, July 'if,
at 2p. x • . -
Line to COOLOARDLE, Auau.and CAPETOWN
Boath Africa.
. J. li. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Asrts.
114 Montgomery n.
Freight Office. 327 Market St., Sag Francisco. •
COMPAGNIE GENERAL TRA.\S.ITLA.Vf I«JUE
French tint to Havre.
"COMPANY'S PIE ft NORTH rtyfix
\J River, foot of Morton st Travelers by ■£?s£&
this line avoid both transit oy English railway aa] !
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Kgypc via ParU
flnt-ciass $160: second-class, $11&
I. A TOURAiNK. CapU Bantelll.... May 23, Ba. m.
LA NORMANDIE ....May L' 3, 8 a. x.
LA GASCOCJNE..... ....Ju c •_'(), 7A. U.
).A .mil . .N1i1K.,... Jnly 4. 6a. K.
LA GAtOOGNE Jnly 25, 11a.m.
LA NORMANDIK :........ Ausru3t 1, 6 a. U.
LA BOURGOONE, Capt. Leb-^uf. June 6, 7a. M.
M3T for farther carticalani apply to
'-- ■ „ _ •A. FORGET, A?«nt.
. -^r« *% *L Bo ,A' inir Green, New Yotlc
O #r Z . r ncf.<£ - A ' ent * 5 MontgomsTr
WHITE STIR LISB. #
United States and Royal Mali Steamers
BKTWKIK
New York, Queens-town & Liverpool.
>AlLl\(, EVEKI WiSKK.
CABIN, f6O AND UPWARD, ACCORD- — «*
Ing to steamer and accommodations BMffe
•elected; second cabin, fSB and »40; Maje*.ic »ud
Teutonic. t Steerage Tickets from . England, Ire-
land, Scotland. Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets.
2£ lln !i7 d £r te VvE. < o$* b n plans may be procured
gom W. H. AVERY. Pacific Mat! Dock, or at the
Oeneral Office the Company, 613 Market streac
cad«t Uaad Hotel. O.W.FLETCHER.
G«nei»l Agent tor Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ABPINWALL rnjm
fortnightly for the West Indies .»nd \4Sbm
Southampton, calling en route at 'C^bourgh.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. '
Through bills of lading, In connection with the
Pacific Mail H. S. Co., issued for freight and trea>
ore to direct ports in England and Germany. '
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, f 195; third
•lass. *97 60. For further particulars apply to ,
' I»ABROTT & CO., Agents, '
, . 808 California st. ■•
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier ..No..- 3, Washlngrton St..
At 6 1". 31, Daily, *reiKti- received up
to .:t> p."l. .., -X.
tGf Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
>- ~ hXKAAIJEttv
T.C.Walker, J. D.Peters.
Mary Garratt, ' City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. * Cau Kav. aud luij>c. Co
fALLEJO, MARK ISL El "liESiea, Ptffti
COSTA m (RrtIKKTT.
STB. , MOXTICELLO,
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o *»'»'
ana 4 r. K. ; Saturday, 10:30 a. m., 3:60 r. Hi
1 ■"■"'■ Sunday— H r. v.
•Ark. only. ■ - ; , • . ■ ...
Landing aiissioa 1, Plar «. ,
nAn^ROAP TRAVBta
BIG REDUtTIOf RATES BY RAIL
....T0....
TU ESiJ A V. ...... ................. JULY 7,
And Kver.r Fifth I) B y Thereafter,
leave from 8- P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St.. at 8 p. v. .
A C ft f| —Including Berth in Pullman Xoaf.
OOiUU ifci Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth In' &1 f\. oo
Pullmansundard Sleeper. tSIU— _
• S e C -• L . N^.TiC"? \ ■
Thin train will not slop to deliver or talc© on pay
sengers at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets ba
sold or baggage checked to such points. .
■gjjjr* Through Tickets for Pu«o& Sound
point* on Sale. at Iteduced Uato*.
For further information a ply at
BIS MARKET STRKET (Grand Hot*
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Atgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
m>(Tiit:i:\ IMVIFIO COHPAICit. .
(pacific mmt)
Trnio* l«are nml nre tluo to nrrlte at
SAM FKANiINCO.
,-e \ ■.->: — Fi;om Jixe7. ISOO. : — arrive
•6:OOv Niles, San Joso and Way Station... 8:4»a
~:»»^ Atlantic Impress, Og.lcn and Kant.. «-4.1»
7:0Oa Bcnicia, Vt«aTilJa, Kuir.s :y. Bacr^
mento, Oroville and Ueddiag via
DayU :... S:4Sp
7:OOa Martinez, San Eanion, Napa. Calis-
" toga and Santa Cosa 6:15r
9t:iOA Niics. San Joso, .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysvllle . and Bed
llluir 4:15p
•S: 3O Peters and Milton *7:13p
9«0«a Los AngclM Exprcsa. Fresno, Santa
l'.arbara and Los Angeles 4i43*
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 11:43 a.
»jOOA.VaUeJD..,.. C:lsp
I:OOp Nile*, San Josoand LlTermore 8:43 a
•l:OOr ■.crimcuto Kiror Stcaiunrs. 'O:«»»p
tl:8Op Port Costa ami Way Stations........ r7:4.S*
:oOr Martinez, Han llanion. Vallcjo.
Napa, Oalistoga, Xl Vcrano (jxi
.Suuu lU>»a .......9:19a
«iO0i» Benicia, VacaTiUe,' Woodland,'
.. TCiilghts Landiuff, McrrßTill^
Orovillo owl Sacramento 10:43 a
4:30 - Nilct, Ban Jose, Llvcrmoro and
.Stockton ...". I 7»15r
4:30r Merced, DcrenUa, ll:ymond (for
Yoremito) and Froano 11s43La
s:OWi> New Orleans Kxpreec, I'resw*, Bakers-
♦lolil, tjaiiti l);irlinr.i,l.ns Augel.jf-
i>eraini;, El Paso, New Orleans and
JSa»t 10:1Sa
Si«Uf SdDta l'o Route, Atl&utio Kxpress
fol' Mojate ami- Last IC:ISa
srt»OpVaUejo 11:43 a
6:o<»i- European Mall, Ogdou and ICaat.... 0:43 a
O:OOi- ll:iya.ir>ls, Nili^autl Han J05e...... i."i\
l7:O»i>Vallejo.. t? : *»*
7:OOp Orocou Kxim!S!t,Hacr.iniento, Marys-
vlllo. lietlillntr. Portlaiul. Piiget
Hdiiikl ami Kant IO:4Ba
SANTA < Ul Z IHVIi'.O.N (Miirroir <ianire).
J7:43a bai;t"» Cruz Excursion, )-knta Cruz-
. and Piincip.il Way Stations \H: O3?
S:1Ba Newark, Ceiiler«illi\Sitn.lo«o,Felti>ii,
Ooultlcr Creek.Hanta Cruz and Way
Stations 5»3«p
•2:13? Newark. Ce'.ilerTille, San .lose. New
Almaden, Feiton, Doulder Creek, .
Santa Cruz ami Priuc'tial Way
Stations "Ils2oa
H:1»i- Newark. San .lose and l.im Hatos.... •[1):5Oa
COAST IH VISION (Hi In! X ToiTiisritil Mi.)
•O:4.">a Han .lone and Way Htations (New ■
Almaucn Wednesdays only) ..... 4 9:47 a
}7»30a Sunday Excursion for San Jost^
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grovo, ana
Principal Way Stations ♦»: 35p
■:13a Sun .lone, Trc* Pinos, Santa Cruz
»'acilic Orovo. Paso Roblcs, Bas •
f ,n!s Oliispo, Guadalnpo ami Prin-
cipal Wny .Stnllons 7rO3r
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations........ fl:3op
Io:J«»a San .lose nml Way Stations 5:00p
Ili3oa Palo Alto ami Way Stations....... 3:30p
*2:3oi> San Mateo, M.cnlo Park, Han .loe*
Gilroy, Trea Pinos, Santa Crui,
Salinas.Montcrey nml PaclOcOrore *IQ:4Oa
*3::iop San Jose, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations *l; 30»
*4s3Oi* San Jose ami Way Stations •»:<>Oa
r»:3Op San .tosonnil Principal Way Stations *B:4Ka
•i::i»p San ainl Way Stations 0::»3a
;tli43p San .lr.st» WayStoHonn P
NAN LEAMIItO AMI HA¥WfAUI»> Lot AL.
i»O:O©Ai C 7:10 a
•4:OOa i (0:43 a
,S!§SJ Melrose, Seminary Part, J?,lg*
'iIoSp Fltcubnrg.SanLeaadro »f^g*
:unor ;«* i 4:<3p
l:OOp •"<» i 5.43,
r »:OOp > . d 8 . «:13p
r>:3Op Ilftywaras. 7 . 45t
7:IK)p j x 8:43*
!):OOp » Runs through to Niles. - J io:3Or
tllrlSp^ t From Niles. ( tH2:OOf
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
rom SIB mSCISCG— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
*7:15 8..10 11:00 a.m. Jl:flO *2:00 t3:O«
•1:03 JG:OQ *6:00 p.m. .'--; v
roniOMUSD— Foot of Broad vaj.-— -6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. »2:CO *1:00 t2:00 ' *3:CO tl:OC
*S:QOr.M. ____^
A for Morning. - P for Afternoon.
* .Nil inlay* excepted. t Saturdays only
{ Sundaya only.
< r Momla>, ThuTMlay and Saturday nights only.
* Patnrtnya end -nn 'av--, for tnte Cr:/.
SMFRWCISCO&SORTHPI-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot or Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAVS-7:SO, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. v. Thursdays-Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p. if. *.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; I:3a 3:3 a
6:00. 6:' JO P. m.
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 0:10, 11:10 a it-
sU3 6fooS^ 5 K. 9:o£> iiao *•:*•■•• iao - 3: * a
Between San Frinclsco and Schuetzen Park sama
schedule as above.
Ban Francisco. A " rlT^.* San *"ranc!i»ca 1
Dayb. I pays. ""tlnaUon. ■ DAYa^ [ Day^
7 M AM1 7:30 am Novato, j 10:40 ami 8:40 a*
3:30 pm 9:30 aml Petalnma, | 6:05 pm 10:10 tv
6:10 pm ' 5:00 pm ! Santa Rosa.| 7:80 pm| 6:15 pat
; Fulton, ■ j
7:30 ax Windsor, " 10:10 AX
I Healdsbur?,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
'' : - Vleta, . "
7:30 am Hopland & * 10:10 am
3:»opm 1 7:30 am Uklah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am I ~ ~ 10:10 am
7:30 am : Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
3:30 PM j .....;.. ,r: ■':; 6:15 PX
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ax
and
6:10 px 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm' 6:15 px
7:3oam|7:»oam| c«>ha«tonnl 1 10:40 AM 110:10 AX
S:3OPM|S:OOPMr bet ' aatop<>L [ 6:05 fm| 6:15 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark . West
Springs: at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kclseyville, Soda Bay and i-alcport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bart ett Springs: at
Ukian for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper La*<\ Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck*
i nells, Sanhedrln Heights. Ilullville, Boonevllle,
1 Greenwood, Ore's Hot Springs, Mendocino City,
j Fort Bragg, Wsstport, VmL, Wlliets. Canto, Co-
I Te o. Laytonviiie. Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduce!
rates. .•-...•.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 MJirkeTst., Chronicle bntldlnt,
H. C WHITING. , ;-- ■R.X.RYAN,. .
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent
RAILKOAD fl^^^^K B
Trains leave and arrive at JBk^SI
Market-Street i'erry. rSK^^^S
SASTA FE EXPRESS. W&jM
To Chicago via A. & l\C||?~sjg|BspviT!Q
Direct Line *<iTOBg OIP
L^avps every day fit 5 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace rr\wino'-ropm Sleepers, a so iiodern Up-
Lo s• Hd Tourist Sleep. .1 an, with clean linen
and bedtitu. a ..1 n <■ ;•.•■<;« of » porter, run dally
throi-li 0 iMiic-fiw via Kansas City. Annex can
tor Denver and St. Louis.
PfcisO.i:iliy co dii -tea Boston Excursions via
Kama. City, ihligo, Montreal and the White
Wo'in'-ln In v v- - We-inesiav. .■- ■
I The best railway from California to th° Bast.
! New rails, new ties: no dust: interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms. -
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street, :
 . , Chronicle Building.
Telephone Main 1531. ,
50RTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry). ;
From San Francisco, ,.- o:tim n.-ln* Juue 15, 1893.
WEEKDAYS. ../.*.
F »a iPiooi?? 3 ;, 1 San Rafael -7:00. •B^oo
•9:10 10 16, 11:45. a. It.: 1:45, 3:.0, 4:15,
6:16, *d:0o. . :35 p. m. . ■ . ... .
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. ..• ;~~r,'
. . ■-■■ ' - SUNDAYS.
F^,,^. 1 ,V*i le '' and San Rafael-»8:00, , *9:00.
*1O:OO, 11:3Ua. m.;*»l2:3j. "1 :M, •2:15 »4-oa
11*00 a 1 m B:3 ° *■ *■ **"* U!P t0 Bausalitoas
Trains marked* run to San Qaentln. «*l2-3a
*. U. does not ran to Mil! Valley. /*•*?
,:■■ _ THUOUGH TRAINS.
or Point Reyes ana way stations— B KM a.m.
Batnrdays; 9a. v. sun.U " : 6:16 p. m. weekday*
. J2 rpotnt Reyes, Cazadero and way staiioa*--
|joo a. M.^ondaya; v, we«JtoaTv 0^:
3132
ijj \U L ■^^Bffl||l^U r t.l' It's Our Good=By Time to Summer Goods. « I i
W■ A mwMvV^^^ /// .Every yard, every piece, every article of Summer stock in the V Wflp l|ypPv/' I
!f \\ Jw/MinW^^^/7 entire establishment has been marked down to close out, to make \\ n MOn^^Mmn^ /// 1
! '• \ S \\ •sMMwiM WLW?if//' : -IS Jul tl l e busiest one in our history, a fitting climax to our past \ ' ; (/ " MMfVi IWWK1 WWK / / \J I
\V™// I 1! 1\ a\\^J')^y SIX mont "nequaled retailing. There are three months for Sum- \3<m fHrffl llfflll^P^'l /// "
'tf - "■ XftM/^T '!i^l \ l yCiw/Y " mer oods ahead,' but it's our clearing; season, and the fag end of a '^SwmMW / 1 1 \\ um\\^ # ///
v^^'afi2i^«i fXUZ^y season or October prices go now. In this sale, besides Summer stock, V^iK7«/ ML' 'XlUu^^^^/ " ■■ '!
flf jM&^^^ we gather all the odds and ends and split prices. Many shrewd (liwV if
Hi H shoppers wait for this half yearly clearing and they do not wait in [
1 vain. HALE BROS.; Incorporated. - z^^ m
Hi ; :
!ff INTO THE RUSH OF CLEARANCE.
m DRESS GOODS.
This Week, tin- first day* of our snm-
il mer cleara»ce, l>re«s Stuff* and Silk*
!'!• hi prices to force a speedy exit. Our
'1" friends have never witnessed such
prices here before. The entire Htock
ii into tli« grinding jaw* of clearance.
(I ■ Every item quoted is but a hint of our
Ift vast offer! lies.
1 THIS WEEK we throw in 20c pieces of
i 1| FANCY SUITINGS, full 28 inches
«»S wide. .in ■CriDee and plans, good IQC
¥*f • heavy stuff and very stylish, half its -XtU.
j worth at Yard'
I £ I We will close out 144 pieces of FANCY
BBS MIXED CHEVIOT SUITINGS.
J You ra'd :->s<- all season. 37-inch. IQC
j Good dark colors. For the rush of i-r)
1 || the clearance Yard
'ft ANOTHER BIG THING Is 175 places
' of ALL-WOOL FANCY MIXED
.1 CHECK CHEVIOT SUITING, 37 OFIC
llt inches wiae. A little more than half •— <)
I CO its former price ■ Yard
HERK'S A HUMMER: 15 pieces of .:-■■'■'
i L . BLACK FRENCH SERGE. We
J • guarantee this to be? all-wool, 44-inch. QQC
' ' ' ' this whs never so.d for less than 60c » 't/
Hi'member, at Male's Clearance this is Yard
111 AND NOW FOR SILKS: We hope to
I M sell 2000 yards or our regular 75 IQC
'! FANCY TWO-TONED TAFFETA, HO
19 inches wide, for Yard
I 41 SEVER BEFORE LESS THAN $1 50—
I ft Aline Of TIM-COLORED GROS DE
LONDRE SILK, 2I Inch, strictly tipto QKC
date. Don't miss these silk chances. OO
I I Clearance, sale price Yard
<( 'f CLEARANCE COMES BUT TWICE A
YEAR and these price- less often. A
, 1 regular 175 HIGH GRADE FKENCH
' •• NOVELTY SILK logo. Ov«raplain
1 < ¥ surface are sprinkled fine threads of
contrasting colors, amid the sparkle
1 of rainbow tints here and there peeps "l .OO
1 || a diamond - shaped figure, a tastyO 1. —
I •C thing. Clearance sale Yard
THK LAST IS NOT THE LEAST, EX-
, I CKPT THE PRICE. All our; $125
IB ' FRKNCn DRESDEN SILKS »nd 7-^c
1 V ' two new lines just arrived, to be closed lv
out, 20-Inch, clearance price Yard
1 i ( i ~*~~~~~~*~+*>~**>~*~>r~**~*-
I H-A»l_iE3 BROS., Incorporated, S
«J 937, 939, 941, 943, 945 Market Street, San Francisco. I
SOUNDED LIKE
A CANNONADE.
Ease - Hit Swats That
Drowned the Roar of
Firecrackers.
SOME YELLOW BALL.
Painful Accident to Catcher
Bcdie of the California
Club.
A COLLISION IS THE FIELD.
Three Men Ran for a Fly and They
Came Together With a
Crash.
There were two games of ball played at
Presidio Athletic Park yesterday for a
single admission. It seemed as though \
the manaeement knew in advance that
one of them would be worthless as an en
i«rtaiument. Both contests were appro- i
priate to the Fourth of July, being singu- i
Jarly pyrotechnic. Base hits and runs
were as plentiful as pebbles in a gravel
bed, while errors were by no means scarce.
Of the first game, in which the Califor
nias and Imperials engaged, the less said
the better. The Californias, who won,
pLiyed like a lot of schoolboys, and the
Imperials seemed unable to pet out of one
another's way. Kelly, who pitched such a
magnificent came against the Pacifies two
weeks ago, seemed to have been training
a la Corbett, on shrimp salad. At any rate,
his opponents found him the easiest of
easy games.
Tbe contest between the new Oakland
representatives and the Pacifies was quite
an improvement over its predecessor, but
by no means *hat it should hare been.
The Oakland organization is a good one,
and it seems probable *nat it will win tbe
City League pennant. However, the men !
from across the bay showed a lamentable
lack of team work. They also need a
pitcher. Noian was heralded as a college !
pbenom, but he is many notches removed
from beinir even a clever amateur.
Had MtCarty, the regular pitcher of the j
Pacifies, been on hand the result of the I
game would have undoubtedly been re- j
versed and a clever young player been
spared a puinful accident.
Ovring to MtvJarty's non-appearance [
Monaban was taken lrom short to fill the
pitcher's box, and Bodie, the promising j
catcher of the Calitornia team and proba- i
bl* the best man in that organization, sub
fitituted for Monahan. In the fourth in
nint;, while trying for a high fly in lelt
field, Bodie. Mu.ler and Cosgrave collided,
with the result liiat both bones of Bodies !
lelt Jeg were broken below the knee. He I
was taken to his home in a patrol wagon. '.
A young man named McKee was put in
the game after the accident. He played
in right field and McDermott took Bodies
place. McKte is a good player. Out of
four times at bat he made two hits, both
I INTO THE RUSH OF CLEARANCE.
DOMESTICS.
All Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Wash
1 Goods, Ginghams, I.iiiciK. Staple Good*,
\ all of them, thrown in the rush and the
I jam and the clatter and the bang of
I Clearance Sale Prices. Come early to
avoid inconvenience; brave the rush if
you can 'l come early.
FJLAXNTEIVETTES, in medium and dark AO
colors, a leader for clearance T"
Yard
CURTAIN SCRIM, 38 inches wide, re- ' AC
duced from 7 1 "C, a boom for clearance, T'
-' Yard
CALICOS, Indigo blue, plenty of patterns. Q3C
reducea from 6 '/ic,a hammer for clear- O4
ance Yard
CRIXKLED SEERSUCKERS. 27 inches -:C
wide, reduced from 10c, a price, «l for •)
clearance Yard
LONSDALK AND JFKUIT OF THE ire
LOOM ■ MUSLIN. 4-4 wide, regular i
standard goods, nuf ced, for clearance. Yard
■ •CANTON FLANNEL, unbleached, the rjC
heavy warm 10c kind, a warmer for I
clearance .' Yard
TABLE DAMASK, bleached, 68 Inches IQC
wide, was 30c, reduced for clearance.. i O
Yara
TABLE OIL CLOTH, 13/ 8 yards wide.
slightly auuiam-d, the maker told as lOC
sell it for their account, saved for J —
clearance \ Yard
NEW DIMITY, reduced from 12^c QC
. and 15c, one hundred pieces for «7
clearance Yard
PERCALES. 36-inch, figures and stripe*. . /70
reduced from 10c, a crowd- bringer for I
clearance Yard
CROCHET SPREADS, 60x90 inches, I7QC
Marseilles patterns, reducea from 11/
I «1 25, a starter for clearance Each
of them good, clean ones, and stole two
bases. He also made one put-out on the
only chance he had.
The spectators had little time to grow
cold after the game commenced. In only
j one inning did both sides fail to score.
I The Oakiands were first at bat. Agnew
i singled ana Arlett followed with a two- j
I bagger, but the Churchmen failed to score, i
j The Pacitics started : the' run-eetting in
I their half, tallying one on Monahan's
j double and Wilds' single.
From then on until the ninth it was a
' see-saw. The visitors made two each in
i the second and third and the Pacifies two
in their half of the latter. In the fourth
six of the Oaklands circled the bases and
things looked easy for them. The Pa
cifies, however, went to work with a will
and made four in the fourth, two in the
fifth and three in the seventh.
O'Neill's heavy hitters were not to' be de
nied, and in the ninth man after man hit
safely until six singles had been piled up
and three men scored. Then Agnew was
put out at the plate and O'Neill flew out, j
Walter scoring on the throw- in. Keating
followed with another safe • drive, and
Hardie tallied. Davis retired the side on
a fly to first.
In their half of the ninth the Pacifies
went out in one-two-three order.
The new team is composed of heavy hit
ters and clean base-runners. Donovan,
who plays first, can run a hundred yards
better than eleven seconds. His batting
ability is proved by the fact that out of six i
times at bat ne made three hits. Agnew 1
is a poor fielder, but a hard hitter, his per- i
centage being the same as Donovan's.
Ariel t, the shortstop, is a jewel. He !
made four hits, two of them doubles, out |
of a possible six. He, too, is a runner par \
excellence. Walters hit twice and made '
four runs, i Irrepressible "Tip" O'Neill got i
his base on balls three times and made ■
three runs and a single. Keating's batting
record was the beat of all, he scoring five
safe ones.
Of the Pacifies, Monahan easily carried
I off the honors. He made two singles, two
i doubles and a triple and failed but once to
i hit safely. He also made four runs, stole
I two bases, made three putouts and four
j assists without an error. . Wilds batted
I well. Out of ; a possible six he culled a
I triple, a double and two singles. The bal
| ance of the teams secured but five hits al
together.
Frdm now on it will take a mighty good
i team to get within hailing distance of the
; Oaklands. : Donovan, Arlett, Hardie,
; O'Nril, Keating and the rest of them form
; a strong combination of old-timers and
! young bloods.
Following are the summaries of the two
games: " ■
; FIRST GAME. .
CALIFOBNIAS. A.B. B. 18. S.B, p.o. a. K.
f-hea. 2 b ...... a 2 2.0 3 12
Klopf, p............ 5 3 21 0 5 1
Mullee, Ib. 4 2 1 0 10 0 1
Bodle, c...... ;..... 6 5 4 2 7 2 1
I McCord, 8.5........ 7 13 0 0 14
! Tribe, cf... ........ 6 3 .2 12 0 1 ]
; Mahoney, Lf...... 6 4 3 2 0 1 1
Cennon, r. f. 6,, 12 0 3 0 0
Zeia,3b.... ..5 6 3 0 2 6 2
.T0ta15...".......... 49 27 22 (T 2? 16 13
. Imperials. AB. R. ]B. s.b. P.O. a. K.
Kellv,r.r.<fep .7 2 3 0 0 0 1
I Horn, 1. f. Ac....... 7 13 0 2 0 0
: Nealon. ....... 7 3 3 12 3 0
I Bliss, Ist D. .:....... 6 0 3 0 8 0 4 I
: Crowley, s. s:. 60 0 0 6 ;; i
I Creamer, 2d b. 6 3 2 0 7^o '
j Loughren, p. &r. t. . 4 4 3 1 '. 0 1 2 I
■Long, 5 3 2 10 0"
I Burnett, 3d b_...... 6 4 3 12 3 2 1
i T0ta15........ 64 20 22 4 27 15 12
SCOBK BY Illim -
! Ca11f0rnia5.. . ..... . . . 0 161807 3 6—27
I Imperials ...... 1 5 0 2 3 0 12 -6-20
I •Earned ruiis-Californlas 6, Imperials 3. '" Three- I
; base, hits- Bodle, Creamer, Kelly, Maloney, Zeis I
; Two-base hits— Shea, Boule (2), McL'ord (2), -Ma i
; loney, Kelly. Bliss, Creamer. Louuliren. - Busk on
• California* 7, Imperials 10. Base on balls
! — Off Klopt a, off Kelly 6. Left on bases— Cnlfor- '
• nias ft, Imperials- 10. ■ Struck cut— Klopf6 by i
! Kelly 2. • Hit by pitcher— Muliee ('/}, loughren.
i Passed hulls— 3, .Nealon 3. Wild pitch—
i Klopf. Umpire, Oagus. .
SECOND GAME.
OAKtASDS. A.B. B. 18. S.B. P.O. A. 'E. I
Donovan,' 1 b....... 6 '13 1 13 1 0
Agnew.c and 1. f.. 6 13 0 -6 11;
Ariett, s. 5.......... « '•;■•<!■;• 4 1 15 2 I
Walters, 3 b.. .....; 6 4 2 10 3 2
Hardie. r.f. .:...... 6 . 2 3 0 0 0 0
l<ra«u,af ....... 3 311100
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5,185»e.
KTOTIOIsrS !
'
The clearance knife slashed deep in notions. Prices for this week cut in half.
Summer styles and some things not strictly up to date all cut and slashed into an
avalanche of bargains.
FA^,\i MES ?, VEII IN(^ 14 in £ he 9 wide i Bt \ me HAIR-PINS, all kinds in a cabinet, worth 8&c, A n
double width, value 20c to 25c a yard. Our 00 buy them assorted. Our clearance-sale price! '±C
clearance price Yard p Cabinet
4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, derby-stitched back, AA n CHENILLE DOT VEILINQS-Double and single IXn
colors tan and red, size 6to 6%, value 75c. • Our I'xC' width, Assorted Colors; our clearance - sale AOL
clearance price Pair • price i -....- yard
LEATHER BELTS. 2 inches wide, fancy metal a* "** 15 , c
buckles, value 15c to 20c, special iar " oc veu » our clearance sale price ±tfKj
...!.... ;.. Each •'•• •"••• 11_; each
■' cITTTrT , r^ T «^« LADIES' PLAIN WHITE CHEMISETTES— 1K n
J<o. 1 SILK-FACED GROS-GRAIN RIBBON, good Q^ the thing for summer; regular 25c: our clear- lOC
line of colors. Our clearance price.. O\j ance sale price ....;..... each
• Piece :
FANCY STRIPED AND BROCADED CHIFFON
LADIES' COLORED CHEMISETTES, with cuffs, nn n ! 27 tO w' , inch 1 ide; - f , or Neckwear , and AC% O
regular value 50c. Our clearance price -i VG Fancy ) S ork i v »' % '°« io J a y ard i oar clear- <±Oij
_ _ _■ Set ance sale prices $1, 75c and yard
HATPINS— Fancy Cut Jet; value 10c a dozen ; our t«
CHILDREN'S FANCY COLORED BORDER £>„ clearance sale price DC
HANDKERCHIEF 3, plenty of designs and JiC '..'.'.'.'. dozen
patterns. Our clearance price Each — "
"VICTORY" HOOKS AND EYES— In japanned
'JAPANNED HAIR-PINS, the regular kind, 2^ to 3 -I. fAce^card/for 5 3and4; our clearance sale 5 C
incheslong. Our clearance-sale price.....?..... 1C price, d cards for _ t){j
: _ll_ Package A lQ CUT IN REAL POINT VENISE LACE-
Batter-colored; from 3 to 14 inches wide; don't miss it
; ALUMINUM THIMBLES, a novelty, all sizes. i) a
Our clearance prices £0 BLACK SILK LACES-Cut the price in half for clear-
I Each ance; ask to see them.
Keatins, 2b. 6 2 6 0 4 3 0]
Ha via. 1. f. and <•.... tf 0 2 1 U 1 1
Nolan, p 6 110 12 2!
Totals 61 16 26 5 27 16 8
Pacific*. a.b. r. Ib. s.b. P.o. a. k.
Monaliau. p 6 4 6 2 3 4 0
llecketl. 2 b 6 3 12 2 '_' 1
WUds, lb 6 2 4 0 9 0 1
Btxri, c. f 6 10 12 12
I Bodia s. a 1110 0 10
lluller.l. t S 0 0 0 2 0 1
Co*i;rove. 3 b 3 0 0 2 8 2 1
.M'lo-rmott.r.f.dts.s 5 0 0 0 2 'J 1
Hammond, c 5 1113 5 1
McKee, r. 1 4 0 2 2 10 0
Totals 47 12 14 10 27 17 8
BCOBK BY INN I SOS.
Oaklands. 0 2 2 6 0 0 0 1 6—16
Pacifies 1024 2 080 o—l2
SUMMARY. j
•"Earned runs— Oakland s 5, i'acitics 6. Base on
errors— Oalclands 5, Pacitics 5. Base on balls— Off
Nolan 4, off Monaban 3. Left on banes — Oakland*
10, Pacifies 10. struck ou;— By .Nolan 6, by Mon
alian 3. Paved balls— Hammond, Akduw 2.
Three-base hits— Hammond, Wilds, Monahan.
Two-base hits— Arlett 2, Monahan 2. Wilds, Har
die, McKw. Passed Dal is— Hammond 2, Ague w2.
Umpire— Uagiis.
LAUGHS AT TORNADOES,
(
And la Fortified When at Home Against
the Worst of Twisters.
Over in Quindaro, Kans., is a man who
laughs at tornadoes — when be is at home.
Pat him among strangers, however, and
the commonest little dust whirlwind,
: bouncing along a road, will cause him to
i quake with apprehension, saya the Kansas
| City Star. A black spot in the sky on a
summer afternoon no bigger than one's
i hand soon takes on, for him, a most
I prodigious size. He reads in the daily
I papers accounts of the storms that swept
| over Kansas and Texas, and for weeks
i afterward he relates in a dramatic manner
the stories to the credulous ease-takers
who assemble daily at the corner grocery.
He begins to talk of the tornadoes as soon
as the ice and snow of winter melt, and it
depresses him to contemplate the dire dis
asters that may come forth from the yawn
ing chasm of destruction between cold
weather of early spring and late fall.
He has accordingly ., fortified his home,
and when there defies the worst twister
j that ever blew water out of a cistern .or
feathers off a chicken.
Underneath his house is a large cellar,
dry as a bone, in which is kept the family
provisions. On one side of this cellar and
into the earth beyond descends a flight of
steps leading, into another cellar. This
latter cellar is cemented from top to bot
tom, and is so carefully constructed that
not a drop of water can enter." A ventilat
ing shaft reaches the open air above,
! making it impossible for a person in the
collar to become sufficated. This subter
ranean abode is the envy and admiration
of the neighbors, but "every ; rose ; has its
j thorn." In the neighborhood lives an old
I farmer who is something of a fatalist. He
passed by one day while the cellar was
being dug.
"Well, now, what ye think ye re doing?"
"Building a cyclone cellar. . .
; 'Ye jest might as well stop wastin' yer
muscle, fer r if ye're born ter git killed by
one of them danged cyclones it'll git ye, if
! ye're fifty feet under ground."
•' The owner of the cellar never quite re
' covered his faith after this bit of fatalism.
/ ; .-. - — - — — ♦ — • ... .
> Holtke and Bis Generalship.
The question has often been raised,
"What system' did Moltke pursue in
I strategy? All are now pretty well agreed
in answering it as follows: •. "His system
I lay ■ in the . maxim, 'March ,on different
! lines, ' and : concentrate to strike.' ",? The
question is, >of course, wrongly put, f for
' what great commander ever followed any
j "system of strategy"? And the answer
I given above is not Jess wrong in itself, for
it expresses no principle, but merely con-
I tains one 7of -many conditions 'without
I which great bodies of troops cannot pos
j sibly, be bandied, or war on a large scale
I carried on.— The Forum.
~ — '. •—• — # — • — —
Do ■ not fall to read .Thomas Slater's advertise
ment on page 11 for men. -
CRACKED CLAY PIGEONS,
Opening of the Tournament As
sociation's Sboot at Ala*
meda Point.
Four Good Open Matches and a Wel>
Contested Team Event— To-
Day's Programme.
The opening sboot of the Pacific Tourna
ment Association was held at Alameda
Point yesterday. The shoot began early
in the morning, continued all day, and it
will not be until this evenina that tne
shooters will put by their shotguns.
The events on yesterday's programme
included two open shoots at ten bluerocks,
and a team event, six men to a team, at
twenty bluerocks. In the first ten-bird
event there were four moneys, in the sec
ond there were six, with $10 added; in the
first twenty bird shoot there were eight
moneys, with $15 added, and in the second
there were also eight, with $25 added. In
the team shoot there were three moneys,
with $50 added. C. A. Haisht was mana
ger of the tournament, ana Edgar Foster
managed tne events.
The scores in the four open events were
as follows:
Number of Birds.
10
10 90
20
Allen... :.
K. I* Judd
"Chestnut" ;
Frolcing
O. 1 . Schrelber
H. Newton
William Sears.
C. H.5haw. ...........
Dr. Barker
Murdoch.... ..-.
KleversoL
Potter.
Anderson
Thorn
Robertson.....
Franzen [
Coffin ;..
Sylvester
O. Femlner
Webb
Nan man....
Hlght. ".
Whitney
F. Feud ncr ............
Jus tin 5.. .:..;..........
H. Vernon
Owens.....
Merrill
J-chaefer:..
Brans.;.. .." \
Cate....... "
Winders.......
Lake.......... ■■"
Williams ............
Winter')}- ;.
"Trombone" ............
McClure. .....; "
Ol'sen.... ; ,
Rlgney
Kobblns.,.; "
Cisfeldt.. ,
(i lid man. ■. ;
McCrea.... .....;...;...
McD0na1d..'....;.;..."
Blckemaff '.
Ca11.................
Vandal]. .....!!*
F. \ernon '
V c Don aid. ..;.V......;.
6
6
9
, 8
4
5
7
v ,7,-
-7
8
6
: 7 ,
8 ■
7
7
6
6
4
8
7 .
10
, 6
7
6
7
6
8 '
8
9
9
6
8
9
7
5 »
10 i
6
9
3
8
. 1
8
8
3
4
6
7
7
7
6
6
8
6
5
10
8
10
5
8
8
6 .
8
5
•-: 7
2
10 .
■ 7
9
fHB;
-  8 ;
4'
848 4
8.
7
6
9 -
7
8
ft
n ■
8
7
6
7
i 4
6
8
10
17
14
10
19
8
15
15
14 .
18
7
15
9
16
15
14
15 i
11
16.
19
■JO
14
13
18
10
16
15
17
15
14
• 16
15
19
12
10
16
12
10
12
12
13
12
14
14
• 13
15
11
11
10
17
16
11
13
14
10
8
IS
15
10
17
14
17
a
14
16
17
16
16
. 14
17
14
12
10
12
......
"4"
0
"ii"
15
......
"■"3"
' 10 "
!
" "i"
"To"
9
[
By the roles of the shoot alt ties divided
the moneys, and in some instances tbis
method brought prizes of 5 cents. The
prizes were as follows:
First event— First money,sl 90, to Nauraan
and "Trombone"; second money, $140, to
"Chestnut," Schaefer, Brims, Lake and Olsen,
28 cents each; third money, 95 cents, to >lr-
Crea, Kin?, Murdock, Anderson, O. Feudntr,
Owenx, Merrltt end Winders, la cents each;
fourth money, 4s cents, to Seers, Shaw. Barker,
Potter. Thorn, Webb, Whitney, Justius, Wil
liams and Vandall, 5 cents each.
Second event— First money, $6 35, to Shaw,
Mnrdock and Feudner, $2 10 each; second
money, $5 10, to Naumau and Merrill, f'2 55
each; tnird money, $4 45. to Schrieber. Bar
ker, Potter, Anderson, Robertson, Haigbt,
Whitney, Jubtins, Bruns, Lako and Bickur
staff, 40 cents each; fourth money. S3 80, to
Allen. Jndd, Coffin, Webb, H. Vernon, Schaef
fer. Winders, Williams, Trombone, 40 cents
each; fifth money, $3 20. to Chestnut. New
ton. Thorn, Owens, Westerby and Olsen, 55
cents each; sixth money, $2 50, to King,
Sears, Kleversol, Franzen, Gate and McDon
ald, 40 cents ekch.
Third event— First money. $4 70, to Norman ;
second money, $3 75. to Webb and Lake, $1 95
each; third money, $3 75, to Murdock and F.
Feudner, $1 90 each; fourth money, $3 25, to
Judd, Morrill aud Gildman.ftf. 10 each: fifth
money, $'2 80, to King, Thorn, Feudner, Cate
and '•Trombone," 55 cents each ; sixth money.
$2 10, Sears, Shaw and Potter.
Fourth event— First money, $6 55. to Nau
mnn; second money, $5 55, to O. Feudner;
third money, $5 25, to F. Feudner. Merrill,
Winders and Potter. $1 30 each; fourth
money, $4 GO, to Anderson, tfchaefer and Bruns,
$150 each; filth money, $3 95, to Shaw and
Webb, $2 each ; sixth money, $2 95, to
Schreiber, Newton, FrHnzen, H. Veruon, Cate
! Whitney and Lake, 40 cents each; seventh' 1
j money. $2 50, to "Chestnut," Sears and Rob- |
I ertson, 75 cents each ; eighth money, $1 65, to
Allen, Judd, King, Williams, "Trombone" and
Olseu, 30 cents each.
In the team-shoot the scores were as fol
lows:
Reliance— Lake 14. Wilrlams 17, McCutchen
10, "Trombone" 17, Coffin 14, Olsen 15. Total
Olympics— o. Feudner 17, Webb 11, Nauman
12, Haight 12, Whitney 15, F. Feudner 17. To-
Empire— King 11, Andrua 16, Bellington 18
Sears 13, Newton 15, Young 12. Total 85.
Lincoln No. I— Barney 18, Robertson 16, Eu
gene Foster 13, Kearney 11. Franzen 11. To
tal 84.
Golden Gate— Bickerstaff 12, Vandall 13,
McCrea 1«, Walton 11, McDonald 9, Robertson
13. Total 74.
Lincoln No. 2— Cate 5, Bruns 12, Shaw 14,
Potter 12, Edgar Forster 8, Kleversol 11. Total
Reliance got first money, $28 90; the
Olympics second, $17 15, and the Empire
team third, $11 45.
The shoot will continue to-day. There
are seven events on the programme. They
are as follows:
Event No. I—lo birds, entrance 50 cents, 4
moneys. Event No. 2—15 birds, entrance 75
cents, 6 moneys, $10 added. Event No. 3—15
; birds, entrance 75 cents, 6 moneys, slo added.
j Event No. 4—20 birds, entrance $1, 8 moneys,
1 $20 added. Event No. 5—15 birds, entrance
75 cents, 6 moneys, $15 added. Event No. 6 -
20 birus, entrance .f 1, 8 moneys. $20 added.
Event No. 7, club team event, 12 men to a
teßm — 15 birds, entrance 75 cents, 2 moneys,
$75 added.
DICKENS AND CHILDREN.
He Broke the Little Girl's Doll, but
Made Ample Amends.
Charles Dickens' love of children is well
illustrated in the following story: He was
! walking in the neighborhood of Gads Hill
one day, not long alter he had acquired
his property there, when he suddenly ran
into a little girl wneeling a doll's peram
bulator. In an instant the tiny vehicle
upset, the doll being thrown out.
It was a bad accident as far as they were
concerned, for wax heads ana limbs are
not calculated to stand much hard usage.
The littie maid burst into tears, and, much
to the novelist's sorrow, refused to be
comforted.
"Then come home with me," Dickens
whispered soothingly, "and we'll see if
we can't find some grand waxen lady in
silks and satins for you."
So back to the big house the two went,
and, sure enough, up in his children's
nursery he managed to discover a few
prettiiy dressed dolls. With the«e safely
tucked in her perambulator the little girl
trotted cff.
But it is in the sequel that the best part
of the story lies. The child's heart was
set on making some return for this kind
ness, so her parents, who had not tbe
j faintest suspicion of her friend's person
ality, took her to town to choose some
thing. Her choice fell eventually upon a
gorgeously bound book.
When Dickens the next day undid the
parcel his small visitor brought him he
was surprised and delighted to see a copy
of "David Copperneld."
Not intil many years later, when they
I met a^ain in society, did the little girl
I learn who the "kind gentleman" wa3.
•—«• — «. — •
1 The King of rill's is Beecham's— Bekcham's.
INTO THE RUSH OF CLEARANCE
FURNISHINGS. J
Into the rushing:, roaring, foaming,
whirling waters of Clearance goes our
| entire stock of ladies' and Gents' Fur- |
nishing*. Not an! article escaped the |
I price cut*.: A few hints to tell a long
story of short price*.
— —
LADIES' COTTON VESTS, L. N., N. 8.,
! Jersey- ribbed, colors pink and blue "I re [
white, the neck is shaped round, were -1- O
25c, aclearaucepricelet.. Each
LADIES' EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS,
H. N. L. S. and ti. N. s. a., summer OCC
weight, were 35c, a cooler for hot July.
A clearance opportunity " . ' Each
GENTS' tINLAUNDERED SHIRTS,
these shirts are regular 50c, all-linen' nrc
bosoms and re-enforced front and ZiiJ
shoulders, a chance for a week Each
GENTS' NATURAL GRAY WOOL
MIXED UNDERWEAR, a breezy /JOG
summer weight, worth 7Sc, to close at. *iO
clearance sale Garment
INFANTS' LAWN BONNETS; plenty of
tucks and frills and frizzes: they sold ICC
for 25c: quaint little things at clear- \O
anceprlces ...<.'... ..." Each I
LADIES' TAN COTTON HOSE: fine
quality; Richelieu rib: all the shades TEC
you want; sizes 9. 9y 2 and 10; to JO
dose.... p a i r ,
I LADIES' BLACK LISLE HOSK; a beau-
tiful luster finish : Hermsdorff dye: a lOC
strictly high grade stocking; sold for XV
35c: our clearance price.. " Pair
LADIES' COTTON VEST*:, H. N. S. S.;
Jersey ribbed and shaped: colors pink mc !
and blueand white; were2sc; reduced J. O I
to close at c1earance.;.........-. . Each |
LEPERS' HAPPY FOURTH.
Commencing the New Treatment
Which It Is Hoped Will
Cure Them.
Old Annie Plays " The Red, White and
Blur' on Her Music-Box in Honor
of the Day.
Yesterday vras a Fourth of glorious
prospects as well as being a glorious Fourth
at tbe Peathouse. It was the first day of
the leprosy treatment from which all the
inmates of the Pesthouse expect so much.
All the lepers began taking the medicine
and although it will be a month or so be
fore much can be determined as to the
efficacy of the treatment, nevertheless all
are nopeful.
The medicine schedule, as published in
yesterday's Call, went into effect ana each
patient took the bath, the tea and three
doses of pills. Superintendent Keating
fears that the Chinese, wno become im
patient unless they see immediate benefits
from a medicine, will not persevere, but
the white lepers will continue the treat
ment. The two Bindt boys took the med
icine five years ago and Superintendent
Keating believes it practically cured them,
for they have not become any worse since
then.
The lepers were anticipating a feast of
roast pig yesterday in honor of the Fourth,
but the porcine delicacies came too late, so
the spread was postponed until to-day. A
keg of beer allayed their disappointment
somewhat, however, and they felt ia quite
a mood to celebrate. Old Annie, the
Chinese woman, had her room fixed up,
and when a Call reporter stopped a mo
ment at her door she insisted on playing
"Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean," on
her music- box.
Several of the Chinese upstairs were
I busily perusing the strange Oriental
hieroglyphics in the instruction books
that come with the boies of medicine.
Most of them are quite hopeful at present,
Out it is doubtini whether they will con
tinue the somewhat tiresome bath treat
ment, which, according to a member of
the Board of Health of Honolulu, who
was here visiting a few weeks ago, is the
most beneficial part of the remedy. One
of the Chinese patients, who has had the
disease but a short time, can be entirely
cured, according to tne doctor's opioniori,
ii be keeps up the treatment.
Second $15 ■,■. y .JIT JK - v
Hand * ■ ■ $25 . | l^^^^^/^fe
Wheels :< ?!3V * -■"^^^^T- *
- 3>OD . CASH OR INSTALLMENTS.
Our High Art Bicycles, '96 Model, at $47 50
are Appreciated and Selling Rapidly.
!• CLEVELAND stands for all that : ■ BOYS' cill Cl $.1 SI
;; can be desired in the Hiprhesc : mM •</ ••- d*
: Grade Bicycles. .Price 100. : /VIICCAC 1> A O
: CRESCENT stands for tiie best : i"ll&^C^ *P4U
;......!!^? yc !!.;^?" a : k t. .i Wheels | $50 .
LEAVITT Sz 811-iILi,
303 Larkin Street, fan Francisco, or 1112 Broadway, Oakland.
— — __ — ■■ ■ 1 1 1
INTO THE RUSH OF CLEARANCE fl
OUTER=GARMENTS If !
— JI
Here is some clearance news from J J
Cloakville:-"Tlie bargain crop in this
I section is of the most desirable kind. '
All I high-grade u garments half priced. ( I
Economical reapers will take udvau- J'
tage Monday, July 61h."
I '
40 TAN CAPES. SILK LINED, jaunty !
military effects, 5 rows of stitching
around the bot.om and down tront, <n» fj. 95 i I
made to self- at ' $5, cut for dear- tjp^J Zm
. ance Each-*
i A
25 LADIES' TAN CAPES, military ef- If
feet, a bargain at $3 50, our clearance^ 1 .50
sale price .....tjpx —
i 4
. '■ - 1 1
30 LADIES' CAPES dumped in to sell,Ql»r.so
a swell tan affair with braid all over, tip O
sold at $10. the lot at Each if 1
.-*■/: ;;■■ : ( ' '
• -•
20 LADIES' TAN CAPES, trimmed with It '
straps of same material, canning little
pearl buttons sprinkled around,
lined with Persian silk, 24 inches long, (j]» C. 95 At I
sold at $10 50, a quaint little price- ■• I
let for clearance... Each -
i A i
35 LADIES' BLACK AND NAVY- ft I
BLUE CAPES, trimmed with straps
of same material, gilt braid and little C*X .00
brass buttons, a jaunty affair, sold attjpt) { i i
¥10, clearance sale price Each m,
30 LADIES' FANCY MIXED JACKETS, ( i,
24 Inches Ion?, a velvet collar and(jj»c.oo
4 big pearl buttons, a '93 novelty, . -
worth $8 50, to close. Each
. I
| 40 LADIES' TAN JACKETS, % silk ' II '
lined, velvet collar, ripple back, 4<JT»r.no
large buttons, in all a swell affair, was up
Sill. (-:<-nr!iTwi» ...il.- ririp... f«.,v, I
AH YOU .....
All .... NEED
IS TO COMPARE OUR PRICES OS ,
BABY CARRIAGES
Hood top, reed body, upholstered, steel
springs and wheels.... .' 54.75
Hood top, reed body, good upholstering, ~\'*
steel springs and wheels... 96.35
Hood tOD, reed body, upholstered in tapes-
try, plush roll, steel springs and
. whee15....... 818.85
Hood top, reed , body, fancy shape, uphol- • ! '
stered in tapestry, plush roll, steel =*.
springs and wheels 810100
CARRIAGE .'. ROBES
LESS THAN COST.
tST SEND FOR OUR CATALOGUE, j&
lOr RAZORS and SHEARS ground by
skilled nit -liiinics, a specialty.
Ti^vkMncKM
Btß-SZO MARKET ST
' CHEVAL
BEDROOM SETS!
BEVEL fPil #C
PLATE ltH /I THREE
MIRROR, OVI I W PIECES.
. IO Per Cent Discount on all Sets over
930. 1O days only.
SHIREK & SHIREK,
HOUSE rTRMsiIEBS,
747 Market Street, Opposite Grant Ato.
Tei.bphonk 5391.
WEDiDINQ
Tnviiations .Announces* nts. Cards, Engraved
a "'H rlnt^ f!< Correct style, low rates. 20 samples
sPs». directions for correct form, modern weddinßs,
" I JOStpai<l for 10 cents in stamps, f r-.RUXT,
iriKE, PER.-TIKQ, 535 Clay St.. San Francisco. CaL