VOLUME LXXX.-IsV^4.
EXPLOSION
AT PINOLE,
Tyelve Lives Lost at the
California Powder
FUR WHITE MEN, EIGHT
CHINESE.
Tere Was a Blinding Flash,
Followed by a Shock Felt
Miles Away.
ITEOTTS SCENES AROUND THE
DEAD.
Ie Catastrophe Attributed to Spon
taneous Combustion — Heroic
Flame- Fighters.
THE DEAD.
JAMES McNULTY.
W. W. CRATER.
HANUEL GARCIA OK
TIBZO.
JOH^i FREITAS.
EIGHT CIIirVA^IEIV, 3i AJIES
uj\i£*ow:v.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. I.— This after
noon grief was hurled into four happy
families at Pinole. James McNulty, W.
W. Crater, Manuel Garcia Mor'irzo and
John Freitas went to their work in the
early morning and in the afternoon their
disfigured bodi- s lay side by side in the
acid-bouse that for many successive years
has done duty at the California Powder
Works as a morgue.
In another part of the big charnel-house,
in small boxes, were the remains of eight
Chinamen. Around them a small group
of their countrymen were chattering,
though whether their excitement was due
to grief or congratulation over their own
fate no white man can judge.
A tongue of dame had shot into the air
about an hour after noon. Bright as was
the sun it was not bright enough to
eclipse the view of toe curling fixe from
being seen for miles around.
A few seconds after the flash there was
a long, low rumbling sound that shook the
earth, and again, after the lapse of a few
seconds, there was another flash and an
other sound like distant thunder. Under
ordinary circumstances it would be
thought that a summer slorm was pass
ing over the Berkeley hills. But the
wives and mothers who live near Pinole
Point know by sad experience just what
such artificial lightning and thunder mean.
They rush at once to the gate and uown
the dusty road to learn who is left father
less and what homes are bereft of the
bread-winner.
A dozen men were at work in the nitro
glycerine house. They had just returned
from their mia-day meal and were going
about their dangerous duties, though
with no thought of danger to themselves.
With a confidence, the result of being ac
customed to handle deadly material, they
passed ttjeir jokes and carried on their
conversation wiih as much apparent care
lessness as though they were at a picnic.
Suddenly there was a shout.
One of the most experienced men
thought he saw something unnatural
hovering over a bucket of the deadly acid.
He looked again and experience told him
instantly that he and his fellow workmen
were on the verge of eternity. He did not
let a moment pass, but rushing to the
doors he yelled, "Follow me boys, she's
going."
Men in powder factories do not cry
"Wolf" when there is no wild beast in
sight, and the companions of Gus Shreider,
who made the discovery, did not hesitate
or "reason why." They flew, and as they
flew they shouted.
They had gone about a thousand feet
when there was a flash of lightning, in
stantly followed by a deafening crashing
louder than any thunder. The ground
trembled beneath them, and those who
were not thrown down quickly sought a
prostrate position as the safest way to
avoid the flying missies.
Any one observing them would have
thought that they were killed, as not one
moved. Not so, however. There was a
method in their act. They knew that
their late workshop was connected with
another deadly place— the m;xine-house
with a pipe through which the ignited
acid would surely travel at fearful speed.
When the flames should reach the mix
ing-house, then —
But before they had time to think their
fear was realized, another flash came;
which they did not see, as their faces were
on the ground. They heard the harrow
ing explosion and crash that followed, and
then they arose, and a little later were
working hard with others in subduing the
fires kmd.ed by the two explosions.
Although the men in the nitro-glycerine
house escaped uninjured, far different was
the fate of the poor f Hows who were in
the mixing-house. Eight Chinamen, who
wer<. at work in the house. James Mc-
Nulty, the foreman of the glycerine-house,
and W. W. Crater, who was in the fatal
territory, were sacrificed instantly. Very
hard was the fate of McNulty. His work
was with the men who escaped, and bad
he not just made a call at the mixing
house he would in all human probability
have still been alive.
Manuel Garc a Mortirzo and John
Freitas were working in a car that was on
a railroad track on the bank above the
mxin^-iiouse. Whether or not they tried
to save tiiemseives aiter the first explosion
Will never be known, but their dead bodies
were picked up about twenty feet from the
track in such condition that nobody but
their intimate acquaintances would know
thf-m.
Wien the fact was realized that there
was no danger ol any further explosions
The San Francisco Call
SCENES OF DEVASTATION AT THE DYNAMITE EXPLOSION NEAR PINOLE, CAL.,
YESTERDAY AFTERNOON.
confidence returned, and the more fortu
nate employes under Superintendent Pol
lock commenced to subdue the flames.
The explosion set fire to the ruins of the
mixing-house and over a hundred acres
of tall grass was soon ablaze.
The men seemed to have a task in hand
greater than they could accomplish. The
burning building was soon subdued, but
blazing grass around a powder factory is
ominous, and while some men worked
with hoses and sacks others searched for
the missing bodies.
Considerable doubt and as much anxiety
existed fora time as to who had fa len
victims and who were left. There was a
rollcall of the living and then a search for
the missing.
As soon as the battle against the flames
had fairly commenced help came from an
unexpected source. The United States
vessel Gedney is lying at anchor off
Pinoie Point, and while the powder-works
employes were wishing for assistance a
boat was landed at the pier from the war
ship and fifty of Uncle Sam's sailors
rushed to the relief of the hard-working
fire- fighters.
The increased force soon bad the flames
under control and before 5 o'clock they
returned to .heir floating home after
having accomplished some heroic work.
When the flames were put out everybody
searched for the missing bodies.
The first one foand was that of James
McNulty, who had been thrown a short
distance down the bank. He had evi
dently been killed instantly and on his
body were enough marks of violence to
have caused death many times. McNulty
was for seven years a deputy in the County
Clerk's office in San Diego. He was a
single man, about 40 years old.
Near the bulkhead which formed one
side of the mixing-house the remains of
W. W. Crater were found. He was fore
man of the packing-house, which was also
totally wrecked. He resided in Oakland
and was a bright young fellow, about 30
years of age.
Crater's death brings gloom to two
households. In a short time it is believed
that he was to have led a very worthy
young woman to the altar, but now pros
pective joy has been blasted by cruel
mourning. Some distance above the little
railroad track on which nitre is trans
ported from its storehouse to tbe mixing
room were found the bodies of M. Garcia
Mortirzo and John Freitas. Garcia was
an assistant engineer and single, but
Freitas was several years older and is the
father of eight children.
While the white employes were engaged
in the task of finding their dead, the
Chinese were hunting for their country
men. The remains in many instances
were so charred and blackened that it was
impossible to determine whether they
were white or Chinese.
When they were gathered in the dark, \
damp niter-bouse, which is sunk into the
side of a hill, tbe Chinese did not follow
their usual custom of setting up a paper
joss and of lighting a number of punks. I
They explained this by saying that they
were not certain that some of the remains
were not those of white men, and under no i
circumstances would they invoke the joss
when such doubt existed.
A walk over the smoking ruins gay«
ample evidence of the awful and unreli
able results of a nitro-glycerine explosion.
The small group of eucalyptus trees
growing to the west of the mixing-house,
which have just had time to grow green
since the explosion of last year, were
stripped of every leaf ano small twig, but
not a single trunk was either broken or
laid low, while fences 200 yards away were
transformed into tiny splinters.
The force that blew up tons of earth at
the foot of a big log spared it and a little
insulator fastened to it with a small screw
was also left unharmed. Two of the men,
Freitas and Mortirzo, were working on a
small car just above the mixing-house and
both men and the horse used for pulling
it were blown partly up the bank and torn
to pieces. The car is still on the track but
is burned and does not appear to have
felt in the smallest degree the awful force
of the explosion. To the west of the mix
ing-house where all the lives were lost is
the packing-house, which is a total wreck,
the blast seeming to have fairly gone
through the center of it.
In the grove of trees referred to among
the wee bits of leaves was a generous cov
ering of splintered wo .d and small parti
cles of glass glistening like diamonds
which had come many yards from the
frames where a few minutes previously
they had done duty as windows.
It was in this forlorn-looking place that
a Chinaman was seen with a small box
under one arm and a stick in his rif;ht
hand, intently searching for something.
"What are you looking for, John?" he was
asked. In a sullen tone he replied
"Pieces," and in his box v.ere black, iroryj
unrecognizable remains of human bodies.
Emerging from the trees a man was mot
with a human foot in his hand walking
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 2, 1896.
along with no unpleasant expression on
his face, but rather a proud look that he
had such keen sicht.
Hers was a mass covered with blood.
"Was H apiece?" No; only clay which
marked tbe spot where tbe body of a man
had just been found.
The carpenter-shop was an untidy sight
An old carpenter would have turned sick
to see the ruthless way in which the tools
bad been scattered about. T c walls
leaned in different directions ana parts of
the machinery of the planing-mill, which
is in the same building, hung helplessly
from the battered ceiling.
The chemist sat in the laboratory with
bis chair tilted back a* a comfortable
angle with his head leaning against the
window pane — suddenly the glass formed
itself to the shape of his head in quick
style while there was a glittering shower
all about him.
With a terrible expression of fright in
his eyes he rushed out for assistance,
thinking he was badly cut, but upon in
spection was found to be without a
scratch. When he told of his experience
to a reporter be said that he fully expected
to find his head resembling a church
window. On the east side of the mixing
house was a strong bulkhead which acted
as the wall for that side. It is still stand
ing there almost as firm as it was before
the explosion, while buildings a hundred
yards from it were completely shattered.
The former site of the mixing-house
presented a desolate appearance. The
ground was torn up, and mixed with it
were splinters, chemicals, pieces of human
bodies, sacks, and occasionally pieceß of
Chinamen's clothing. Above and to both
sides are tall bare limbs of trees, between
whicli can be seen the wrecks of buildings
near by.
And all this desolation was brought
about in the brief period of a few seconds.
The damage caused by the explosion
while naturally great is decidedly small
when compared with the fearlul catastro
phes that are periodically experienced in
tbe various powiier works along the shore
at Flemmingß Point and Pinole.
Scene at the California Powder Works as Viewed From the Deck of the Spreckels Tug Fearless. At
the Moment of the Explosion Chief Engineer Lennis Was Looking Oat of the Engine-Room,
and the Accompanying Picture Is From a Sketch Made by Kirn.
It has long been noticed thatjtbe effect
of nitro-glycerine when exploded is ter
ribly disastrous in the immediate locality
of the explosion, but that its force is not
far-reaching. The accident ot to-day is no
exception.
The nitro-glycerine house, the packing
house, the mixing-house, the carpenter
shop and planinc-mill were badly wrecked,
but several buildings that were in what
might be called the track of the explosion
escaped without injury.
The packing-house presents a peculiar
sight. It looks as though a cyclone had
passed clean through the middle of it.
The roof in quite close to the founda
tion, but the middle is gutted and torn
asunder m a manner that clearly indicates
the force of the explosion.
Beveral buildings are only shaken, and,
although no one can tell exactly what is
the total damage, one of the old employes
said that $10,000 would go a long way
toward enabling the works to start up.
The California Powder Works employ
about 110 men, of whom eighty are
whites. The value of tbe buildings alone
is stated by the officials of the company
to be about $6000.
There, was no need to look for wounded,
for experience has taught the men only
too well that if there is no answer to the
rollcall no hope need be entertained of
finding any of their comrades wounded in
the debris. A cut finger and bruised spot
or two usually constitute the only
"wounds."
A workman looking for pieces of his fel
low workmen was asked what they did
with the wounded. "Wounded I" said he,
looking up surprised, "we don't have any
wounded."
Th s afternoon as the clear stars and
stripes floated out against the smoky back
ground a man walked briskly past, but he
did not fail to notice it. He looked aloft
and then quickened his steps toward
home. He walked at such a lively gait
that he was able to keep up with the
somewhat tired horses that were return
ing after taking a party to the scene of the
explosion.
As be approached a little red cottage on
the left-hand side of the road a pleasant
looking young woman rushed to the gate
to meet him, followed by a pretty little
tot about 2 years old.
His face was blackened and so were his
clothes and bands, but happiness and
thankfulness pierce deeper tnan the sur
face, and the earnestness of the embrace
needed no interpretation.
It called to my mind the remark made
by one of the men who was helping to
find the bodies in the ruins. "Well,
John," he said, "it may be our turn next."
And it is this feartul uncertainty that is
daily borne by the wives and mothers at
Pinole.
The following complete account of the
four white men who lost their lives was col
lected:
Winneld S. Crater, foreman of the packing
house, 32 years of age, single, a native of New
Jersey, and one of the most experienced pow
der-makers in the country, having served in
various branches of the business Irom boy
hood. His parents live at Succasunna, near
Lake Hopatcong, N. J. A brother is employed
In the Union Iron Works in this City. Crater
was considered an invaluable man at the
works and was very popular.
John McNulty, foreman of the mixing-house,
37 yecrs of age, single, a native of Massachu
setts, and an employe oi the works since the
last explosion fourteen months ago. He was
formerly a resident of San Diego, where he
was a man of some prominence in a political
way. At one time he \va3 Deputy County
Surveyor and at another Deputy County Clerk
at San Diego. He was also journal clerk in the
State Senate during one or two sessions.
John Freitas, carman, 47 years of ace, mar
ried and the father of several children, a Por
tugue-e-Americau, resident of Pinole, and an
employe of the works for the last eight or ten
years. One of his sons is also employed in the
works.
Manuel Garcia Mortirzo, carman, 55 years of
age, married and the father of severa. children,
native of Portugal ana an employe at the
works for the last five years. He lives in
Pinole with his family and one of his sons had
employment with his father.
Superintendent Alexander Pollock,
speaking of the probable loss, said:
It is impossible even to estimate the finan
cial loss. Say $25,000 and you will not be far
off. The damage inciudes <he value of the
buildings destroyed, all the minor damages to
Qutlying buildings, the value of the expen
sive apparatus In the buildings and the loss in
business trorn the delay.
However, I think we shall be running again
in two weeks. The buildings cost about $4000.
The nitro-glyceiine house was a new plant
erected since the last explosion.
Probably $1000 worth of stuff was on hand
in the mixing-house when it was torn to bits
and two wnite men and eight Chinamen killed
in it, while Garcia and Freitas, the carmen,
were killed just outside, along with the horse —
best one on the ranch — that was drawing the
car. In the nitro-glycerine house there were
3600 pounds of nitro-glycerine, worth about
$850.
Over 1000 acres of grass was burned, and
even more would have gone ana greater dam
age boeu done had it not been for the skillful
back-firing of Mumsey. As ii was the fire ex
tended way tip as far as Rodeo, and it took
over 100 raea to subdue it.
The men at the Mare Island Nary-yard were
particularly courteous in comine to our assist
ance and in offering medical aid to any that
might be wounded. The survey-boat Gedney
was lying cm in the bay, and she landed part
of her crew in charge of naval lieutenants.
They volunteered at once to help fight fire in
the tlelds.
Then the Thetis came down from the yard —
about five or six miles from here — and her
men landed at 4 o'clock and two launches ar
rived with other volunteers. The yard sur
geon, Heber I think his name is, came with his
assistant, carrying his field chest of medi
cines and oil and bandages, and offered any
assistance possible.
A few of the men had slight injuries from
flying debris and broken glass, but nothing
serious.
Captain John Bermingham, president of
the California Powder Works, which in
cludes the dynamite plant near Pinole,
and the black powder plant near Santa
Cruz, arrived upon the scene early in the
afternoon by special train from the Oak
laud mole. He was accompanied by Jack
Wallace of the main office. Atter viewing
the damage and seeing that everything
had been arranged for the unfortunates,
he returned to this City.
DENVER'S MUSICAL FESTIVAL
Thousands of People Attend the Opening
Contests — Mormon Tabernacle Choir
a Great Feature.
DENVER. Colo., Sept I.— The first ses
sion of the National Eisteddfod was held
this afternoon in the paviiion at Arling
ton Park, an auaience ot 2000 being in at
tendance. The great musical festival was
opened by the singing of "America" by
the audience, assisted by all the compet
ing bands. President Joaquin Hughes de
livered the salutatory address, which was
followed by the address of Hon. Henry
M. Edwards of Scranton, Pa., master of
ceremonies. Governor Mclntyre and
Mayor McMurray made welcoming
speeches closing the formal opening of
the festival.
The contests of military bands, main
quartet and the soprano soloists occupied
the afternoon session. Mrs. Emily Ellis
Woodward of Boston was the sole artist
of the afternoon programme. G. H.
Phillips of Chicago received first prize lor
the Welsh essay. The Tabernacle choir
of Salt Lake City was a feature of the ses
sion, their firming beinc received with tu
muituou- applause. Over 5000 people at
tended the evening session.
Suddeu Dra'h of Htlra. Fargo.
NEW YORK, Ny V., Sept. I.— Mrs.
Smart Fargo, wife of Jamea C. Fargo,
president of the American Express Com
pany, died of apoplexy Sunday night near
ttuquette Lake, in the Adirondacks. Sue
had been at her camp at Loon L-jke for
several wrefcs unit w:is on her way to
Raqnette Lake to visit some friends when
death occurred.
Ttco Children Htiffoetttect at a Fire.
LAWRENCEBURG, Xt , Sept. I.— By
the burning of the Hanks block this morn
ing two children of John Grey lost their
lives. By the heroic efforts of their
niotner and faihertwo other children were
rescued. The two lost were suffocated be
fore assistance reac ed them. Mrs. Grey is
still in a critical condition. The property
loss is estimated at $10,000.
Deadly J'otcder-Mill. frploiion
ST. .LOUIS, Mo., Sept. I.— This morning
the Equitable Company's powder-mill,
near East Alton, 111., exploded, and three
employes were killed. They were blown
to atoms. The cause of the explosion is
unknown.
FIVE CENTS.
SAN DIEGO'S
BIG RALLY.
Five Thousand People Ad
dressed by Hon. S. M.
Shortridge.
MENTION OF M'KINLEY
LOUDLY CHEERED.
Caustic Arraignment of the De
mocracy for Its Failures
of the Past
COMPARED WITH THE PARTY
OF PROGRESS.
Voters Urged to Cast Their Bal'oti
for the Revival of American
Industry.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. I.— The largest
political gathering ever seen in San Diego
was the McKinley audience addressed in
the plaza to-night by Hon. S. M. Short
ridge. There were fully 5000 people pres
ent, large numbers standing in the streets
and lining the pavements in all directions
for fully 1000 feet
The meeting was preceded by a band
concert. The McKinley Club of 800 men
marched with banners and flaes
amid a blaze of fireworks and Grecian
lights. The following vice-presidents oc
cupied the platform, a raised stage beneath
fully an acre of canvas: Simon Levi, S. L.
Ward, Captain James Keith, L. A.
Blochman, Samuel Pine, Chester Gunn,
W. M. Herbert, George Hazzard,
R. E. Chapman, Judge D. L. Murdock, Dr.
H. P. Woodward, T. J. Jones, C. M. Hall,
Charles A. Rossier, William H. Fisher,
John Conroy, M. Bruschi, D. C. Reed, S.
W. Craigue, James Wells, John G. Hinkel,
James Russell, Marcus Schiller, Guy P.
Hawley, George N. Ballou, Samuel Brnst,
L. A. Chandler, D. C. Collier Jr., N. Mo
Kie, D. L. Withington, George Foster,
Henry G. Crocker.
The meeting was called to order by
Chairman A. G. Nason of the Republican
Central Committee, who introduced Con
gressman W. W. Bowers as president of
the evening. Back of the president sat
Rev. Anna Shaw and Mrs. Anna B. Sloan,
guests of the evening. Congressman
Bowers introduced Mr. Shortridge in a
graceful speech, saying:
"TLis grand rally reminds one of old
times — of the times of Lincoln. I am
glad to preside at such a gathering and to
introduce the distinguished orator of the
evening,"
The speaker dwelt for some time on the
failure of the Cleveland administration,
and said ti.e people were about to banian
the incompetont Democrats from power
forever. At the conclusion of the speech,
Mr. Shortridge arose and said:
"Ladies and gentlemen: l have been
grossly deceived. When I was up among
the fogs of San Francisco bay, 1 was told
that the Republicans south of the Te
bachapi were apathetic If so, I wish
there were more of such apathy through
out the State. This audience indicates in
language more eloquent than can fall
from my lips that you of San Diego are
resolved to do all you can to elect every
man on the ticket, from the lowest candi
date up to the matchless and incompara
ble statesman, William McKinley."
The mention of McKinley's name was
the signal for such applause as has seldom
been heard at a political meeting here.
Continuing, the speaker said:
"I come here in the spirit of the old
Roman, who held to the maxim that
every man ought to write on his brow his
thoughts concerning the republic. I
want to speak for the welfare of the coun
try and to address you in the spirit of
fairness and of truth, whether you be
Democrats, Populists or Republicans.
"I do not believe there has ever been a
time when the Republican party needed
the allegiance of its members more than
now, and I beg you to remember that we
are marching under the glorious banner
of Lincoln and of Grant, of Gartield and
of Blame. [Applause.] The banner of that
great party which has made the country
free.
••And it is this banner which Major Mc-
Kinley is carrying on to victory to-day.
It is under that flag that Congressman
Bowers [cheers] is marching, and you
know he will stand bravely and help Wil
liam McKinley restore a genuine Ameri
can tariff." [Great applause.!
The speaker pleaded for a judgment on
the Republican party by reason of its
record.
"Judge it," he said, "as you would
judge a man. Its record is gtoiious, and
you are all anxious to see it in power
again. The night of Democratic disaster
is almost over and the glorious morning
of Republicanism is about to dawn again.
We are all anxious to see business re
vived. The past is dead.
"All of its experiences have gone, and its
only value can be to teach us how to gov
ern the future. Judging by the recent
i.ast, I ask you: Where is the man who
wou ! d not rather h .ive the administration
of Harrison than that of Cleveland ? It
Hood's Sarsaparilla to purify your blood
and tone up your system and then yoB
:an enjoy the pleasures of vacation.
Sarsaparilla
udl bdpariSia
Is the best— In fact the one True Blood Purifier,
Hnnri'c Pillc cnre all Liver Ills and
nOOUS flllS sick Headache, 2»oeuul2
there are Democrats who are proud of tbe
past four years I have not seen them."
The speaker then laid down what he
conceived to be the principles of the Re
publican party. "It favcrs free speech
and free I'ande," he said, "and above all is
for a tariff that will revive the slumbering
industries of the country. [Applause.]
The Republican party is to-day the genu
ine party of bimetallism; it favors
gold and* siiver and such legislation
as will Keep them at par, so that
a silver dollar will be wortn 100 cents in
every land where comm'ree is known. At
believes in preserving all forms of the cur
rency of this country at par, so that the
workingmen's silver dollar shall be worth
as much as the banker's gold in the vault.
There is more money in this couutry to
day than there has ever been before, and
the money question is not the cause of our
troubles."
Here some one in the audience in
quired, "Where is all this money ?,'
"I will tell you where it is," replied the
speaker with spirit and amid cheers.
"When the Democrats struct down the
industries of the country by passing the
Wilson bill, they closed the factories,
drove capital out of business, made work
men idle and brought universal bank
ruptcy and despair."
At this point there was prolonged ap
plaase and great cheering. The speaker
then explained how the Democrats, hav
ing failed to conduct the affairs of the
Government on the tariff theory, recently
cast about for a new battle-cry and chose
the silver issue.
"But the people have memories," h«
said, "and I do not believe they will
try the Democratic panacea again.
The people want domestic and foreign
commerce; they want a revival of indus
tries, and, above all, protection against
the cheap laborof foreign lands. [Cheers.]
In California particularly we need a de
velopment of one great industry — the pro
duction of sugar beets — a business that
would in time pive employment to thou
sands and enable this State to furnish
bugar for the entire Union. [Applause.]
"We want such a policy as will open the
factories of the country, and until the in
dustries of workshops and field are revived
It will not help any one to Increase, tbe
money of the country even to billions of
dollars." [Cheers.]
The speaker explained that it was the
stamp of tbe Government that made all
American money i Uerchangeable at par,
and that lie, with his party, believed in
maintaining gold and silver at par. In
this country there were no classes, and
there should" be no sections.
"The Democrats are trying to create
doubt and confusion in the minds of the
people by appealing to tbe envy in our
hearts. This thought I want you to bear
in mind; the thought that we need pro
tection. Bear in mind that the Demo
crats have reaffirmed their free-trade no
tions in their Cnicago platform — tbe same
old party trying to sneak back to power
under a new and false issue. [Applanse.]
"If you are dissatisfied with these laws,
if you are tired of seeing this Nation bor
row money to pay running expenses in
times of profound peace, vote the Demo
cratic party out of power and put bacK tbe
Republicans, who will restore confidence
and bring prosperity to the land aaain."
Throughout the delivery of the speech
there was the greatest imaginable enthu
siasm, and Mr. Shortridge's concluding
remarks moved the audience to prolonged
cheering. In substance he saia:
"Fellow-citizens, you cannot tear down
one section of the country without injur
ing the other; yoii cannot put out the
fires of the furnaces without affecting the
farmer. We must preserve this great
'ountry for our own people. We must
devise ways and means to give employ
ment to our own people, and it is
infinitely better, wiser, it is more patri
otic, to make it a matter of aentimenti to
give employment to the men of New Eng
land and the South and West, and to
California, than it is to start the factories
of England going or open tae mills of
Germany.
"Now, fellow-citizens, I beg to appeal to
the Republicans of this city and county,
and I ask you to remember that the Re
publican party is- worthy of your confi
dence and support now as it has been
in tbe past. [Applause.] I ask you, men
and women, under the banner of ti.e early
lathers, tbe great leaders of the party, to
ftand Crm in this campaign.
"I ask the young men of the Republican
party to remember that they have a brave
and a serious duty to perform, and that
the party of their fathers is worthy of their
allegiance. I ask the thoughtful Demo
crats who are here, who love their State,
who believe in tbe constitution, men
wbo believe in tbfl supremacy of the
law, men who believe in the fa.th
and in the honor of the Na ion,
to stand under the Republican banner. I
ask you to consider the position of the Re
publican party and what it has done; to
consiaer that it is the friend of silver; that
it is the friend of all the currency we have,
and to remember that all of this currency
is at par because of the laws which the
Republican party enacted.
"With our boundless prairies it is a sad
and pathetic thing to know that men are
begging for the poor privilege of toiling
for their daily bread. If a statesman
wants to earn the credit of his country
men he will give honest men a
chance to toil, and William Me-
Kinley is a man to give the people
of this country, under his leadership,
under the principles which he espouses, a
chance to work, and a chance to earn an
honest living. [Applause.] Republicans,
let me ask you to organize; and, if there
be any lack of harmony, to harmonize.
Let me ask you to march shoulder to
shoulder, and march confidently, and lift
the banner high and proudly, because it
is the banner of protection, the banner of
bimetallism, the banner of prosperity, and
the banner which, in the bands of Me-
Kinley, will be lifted higher than all the
banners of the earth, so that if the other
great powers of the world do not love it,
they will learn to respect and to fear it.
[Applause.]
"So, ladies and gentlemen, the case, so
far as lam concerned, is submitted. You
are the jury; you will consider these
things. Others will address you, you will
read, you wi;l think, you will consider,
judge these questions calmly in theliiibt
of experience, and if you do, I have no
doubt that the Republican parly will not
only sweep this county, that you will not
only aid in returning your Congressma \,
Mr. Bowers, and carry your legislative
ticket, bat you will assist us of the north
en rolling up a splendid majority for our
champion, your champion, the Nation's
sharupion, the spotless and incomparable
itatesnian, William McKmley."
At the conclusion of the oration of the
evening, Rev. Anna Shaw made a pleasing
address on woman suffrage. She was
cheered with enthusiasm.
Pythian Knights and Suicides.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Sept. I.— To-day's
Session of the Supreme Lodge, Knights
of Pythias, was the warmest of
the convention. The report of the
board of control, Uniform Rank,
recommending that suicides be debarred
from all death benefits if death occur
within a period of rive years after joining
the order, aroused a strong opposition. A
compromise was effected whereby the
heirs of suicides will be settled with on the
graduation system of life expectation as
used by the American Board of Under
writers.
Funds of Italian* Stolen.
BROOKLYN. N. V., Sept. L— Theßanca
Padulez at 59 Main street, Brooklyn, is
clo=ed, and the owners. Pietro Gello and
bis son, are missing, 'ogetber with $50,000
belonging to poor Italians living in the
neighborhood. ~
Banged at Ptttsburg.
PITrSBURG, Pa., Sept. 1. — Joseph
Orosz, who shot and killed Theresa Bobalt
because Bbc refused to marry him, was
U»ny«d here this morning.
BRYAN ATTRACTS
VERY BiG CROWDS,
Fifty Thousand People Turn
Out to Hear Him at
Columbus.
AN OPEN PARK FILLED.
So Vast Is the Throng That the
Candidate Divides a Speech
Into Four Sections.
REPEATS THE USUAL SONG.
S3ys There Is Only One Issue in the
Campaign, and That Is
Cbeap Money.
COLUMBUS,* Ohio, Sept. I.— ln all his
career, wonderful as it has been, and filled
during the past week witn remarkable
demonstrations in his honor, William J.
Bryan never addressed an audience bo
large and so enthusiastic as that gathered
in the State House grounds to-night.
Under the shadow of the big structure
where the Ohio Legislature holds its ses
sions, the Democratic nominee saw before
him a concourse of Major McKinley's fel
low State's people that cannot be com
pared to any political assemblage in the
country, except to the thousands of peo
ple who gather in front of the capitol at
Washington once every four years to hear
a new chief magistrate make his salutatory.
Fancy an open park of ten acres and
nearly every foot of that great space, with
the exception of narrow strips on the
very outskirts, choked with human beings,
each pressed so closely to his fellows that
movement was impossible. The steps of
the Capitol building presented one slant
ing mass of perspiring but patient human
ity, who stood in relief against the
packed and jammed thousands of their fel
lows on the grassy lawn and cemeDted
pathways.
People who have witnessed the inaugu
ration of the Ohio Governors in recent
years say that the crowds on those occa
sions never numbered more than 30,000.
But to-niglit everybody was saying that
the inaugural assemblies did not compare
in point of numbers with the magnificent
congregation that came to hear the young
Democratic candidate on the issues of the
campaign.
As Mr. Bryan himself said, "It filled all
outdoors," and so far beyond the reach of
his voice did the solid human mass ex
tend that Mr. Bryan was obliged to divide
his speech into four segments, one deliv
ered from each side of the canopied stand
that had been erected for the occasion.
Fifty thousand is a conservative estimate
of those who were present. People had
been pouring into Columbus all day from
the surrounding country.
This is the second day of the State Fair,
and that with the additional attraction of
.Bryan's presence filled the city with
strangers. Then a number of political
organizations, to whom tbe fair had no
interest, but whose sote object was to do
honor to the Democratic standard-bearer,
helped swell the crowds in the streets and
to lead in the enthusiasm which was
everywhere prevalent. Two thousand
miners came from the Hocking Valley.
The Newark silver organizations, num
bering 1500, put in an appearance. Two
thousand more, composing silver clubs,
came from Mount Vernon, and places to
the west of Columbus furnished 700. The
railroid companies gave unusually low
rates and thousands of people took advan
tage of them.
Mr. ard Mrs. Bryan reached Columbus
over the Big Four at 3 :30 o'clock this after
noon in a special car chartered by the
members of the Columbus reception com
mittee, who accompanied them from
Cleveland.
The candidate was chetred by thou
sands at the railway station and by thou
sands more along the mile or more of
streets through which he was taken, es
corted by the Franklin County Silver
League, tne Jackson Club and other local
and visiting Bryan and Swall organiza
tions. There was a tremendous jam at
the Chittenden Hotel, where apartments
had been secured lor Bryan and his wife,
but a way was forced through the wildly
excited enthusiasts gathered there in the
hope of getting a look at the Democratic
standard-bearer, and tbe rest of the pro
cession passed on.
Prior to to-night's great demonstration
in front of the State House there was an
other parade, in which of course Mr.
Bryan was the central figure, seated in a
carriage drawn by four white horses. The
local silver clubs and those from other
places in the State, many of them with
bands of music at their heads, marched
behind tbe carriage along streets thronged
with interested and cheering spectators.
A number of buildings were decorated,
the illuminations of the permanent arches
maintained by Columbus business men
here were handsome and the display of
fireworks were extreme fine. By good
police arrangements far better than that
of any city visited by the candidate, a
way was kept clear from the outskirts of
the park to the atand in front of the capi
tol building, and throuen this. Mr. and
Mrs. Bryan and those accompanying them
were enabled to reach the assigned posi
tions with difficulty.
Just before they arrived the stand,
hitherto darkened, burst into a flood of
light, givtn from scores of electric globes
which studded the ribs supporting the
canvas ceiling. The stand was spacious
and accommodated not only a number of
prominent Democrats and their wives, but
tie members of a brass band and the
Democratic Glee Club.
Nearly every person in that stupendous
audience, packed over ten acres of ground,
could see the Democratic candidate as he
mounted the steps of the rostrum and
stood before them. And then the cheer
ing bepan. The initial shouts came from
those who were the first to see tne young
Nebraskan, and then they spread through
the crowd until it seemed that every man
and woman there was testing the capacity
of his or her pulmonary organs. "Bryan,
Bryan, Bryan!" wa« the cry, and" the
cheering rose in volume until it reached
the finai limit of enthusiastic potency.
James Ross, chairman of the Franklin
County Democratic Committee, attempted
to call tbe assemblage to order in his ca
pacity as temporary chairman. But the
buzz of voices was so great in volume that
it drowned his words, and nobody knew
what he was saying, until Allen W. Thur
man, the son of the "Oid Roman," stepped
forward and acknowledged bis introduc
tion by Mr. Rop*. Mr. Thurraan did not
waste words. He knew what the people
wanted, and in a few brief sentences pre
sented Mr. Bryan.
The cheering was more intense than it
had been at Mr. Bryan's appearance, and
it was several minutes before it ceased.
So great was the confusion caused by
those who could not hear that the first
words of the orator were lost to all but
those near hire, and he was obliged to
s*op until quiet was secured. But this
was not accomplished until Mr. Bryan aa
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1896.
nounced that he would speak upon all
sides of the platform. The assembled
thousands cave a shout of gratification at
this and tried to keep as quiet as their en
thusiasm would allow for the rest of the
speech.
Mr. Bryan's argument for silver coinage
covered no new points. It was begun as
follows:
This is the largest audience to whom I ever
tried to speak. 1 bave had occasions to speak
wuare tbe audience filled the house, but I
never had occasion to talk where tbe audience
fiile4 all outdoors. [Laughter.] If you all
vote as you are now shouting (voices, "We
will!"] 1 do not see how there c«n be any
question about the triumph of free silver in
this State. We have entered on a campaign
which means much to the American people.
If our opponents speak truly when they de
scribe what will in their judgment be the
effect of free coinage, then the success of the
Chicfigo ticket will surely be a calamity to the
country, v. on the other hand, we speak the
truth when we describe to you the effects of a
gold standard then the maintenance of a gold
standard until foreign nations come to our re
lief is an evil which cannot be contemplated
by those who love their country. We have
begun an uncea&ing warfare against the gold
Standard.
The Republican party, without declaring
that the gold standard is a good thing, has de
clared that the gold standard must be main
tained. I call your attention to tne fact that
no party In trie history of this country has
ever in National convention commended the
goid standard. Its effects are so bad thai no
party has dared to uphold it.
At this point Mr. Bryan, who had been
facing west as he spoke, now turned to the
south front of the platform and said he
would speak for a while to the people on
that side. He continued:
The enemy whom we are fighting in this
campaign is an enemy who has never gone
into an open battle. The advocates of a gold
standard have never dared to submit tbe gold
standard to the arbitrament of a ballot.
[Cheers.] Every step that has been taken has
been taken by "stealth and without the ap
proval of the American people. [Applause.]
When silver was demonetized In 1873 the
people Lad not discussed it; and persons who
were members of (.'onfiress and who voted on
the measure testified thoy did not understand
that the bill demonetized silver. When the
crime wrs di- covered and the American peo
ple attempted to restore silver to its
ancient place by the side of gold,
the opponents of free coinage forced
the Bland act upon Congress as a
compromise, and as soon as the Bland act went
into force, tne enemies of free silver sought to
repeal the Bland act and leave nothing in Its
plf»ce. But the silver sentiment grew until
1890, and in that year the opponents of free
coinage, being afraid of the passage of a free
coinage Dili, secured another compromise
which was known as the Sherman law.
DEMOCRATIC UEADQVAKTBRB.
I jion Bryan's Arrival in Chicago a Con-
ference Hill Be H<ld.
CHICAGO. 111., Sept. I.— J. W. Wilson,
United States District Attorney for Ari
zona, was among the visitors at the Illi
nois Democratic headquarters this after
noon. He is very enthusiastic over the
prospects for Bfyan's success in all the
States west of the Missouri, declaring that
California is well in line, and that the only
doubtful State west of the Mississippi is
lowa.
On Saturday an important conference
will take place at the Democratic Na
tional headquarters. Mr. Bryan will ar
ri,vo here on Friday evening, and a num
ber of the leaders have been asked to meet
him at Chairman Jones' rooms the follow
ing morning. The conference is to decide
matters in relation to the future conduct
of the campaign, and at the same meeting
the three vacancies on the National Execu
tive Committee and three on the National
Advisory Committee will be filled.
Among those to be present are Senator
Tetter of Colorado, Governor Alt<:eid of Il
linois, Governor Sone of Missouri, Com
mitteemen Campan of Michigan, Johnson
of Kansas, Gahan of Illinois and McConn
ville of Ohio, and Secretary Walsh. Mr.
Howell of Georgia will not be able to be
present. Copies of correspondence between
Treasurer St. John and a department em
ploye at Washington have been received
here. The employe desired to contribute
to the campaign fund, and asked if the
names of such contributors would be kept
quiet, in order to guard against possible
disfavor with the present administration.
Treasurer St. John replied that under no
circumstances would they be made public,
unless Mr. Bryan were elected, in which
event they might be published as a roll of
honor.
George B. Keeney, National organizer of
the silver party, and president of the as
sociation of National silver clubs* to-day
established headquarters at the Oliftoo
House, and will remain here until after
the National convention of that organi
zation, whi' h occurs on the 23d inst.
CLOSING AT WEAVERVILLE
Taking of Evidence Completed
in the Trial of Jce
Gregory.
James Simonin Says George White
Off.-red Him a Horse to Ride to
tbe Lynching.
WEAVERVILLE. Cal., Sept I.— The
counsel for the defense, Oregon Sander 3
and Robert R. Fowler, in the trial of Joe
Gregory, accused of complicity in the
murder of "Jack" Littlefield near Round
Valley on Septemoer 27, 1895, rested its
case at 2:20 o'clock this afternoon and a
recess until to-morrow morning was
granted to enable counsel to prepare argu
ments. T roughout the trial Gregory
has displayed an intense interest in the
proceedings, ana he has grown thin aud
nervous in the past week.
Richard Lightfoot, cousin of Joe Greg
ory, testified this morning that the mule
ridden by Radcliffe on the 27th bud been
shod on the 24th of September. When
asked what impressed the fact on his
memory he said that a short time after
Littlefield had been killed, and before the
preliminary examination of the accused,
he heard that somebody who was track
ing (looking for tracks?) about the scene of
the murder, had said something about
finding the tracks of a barefooted mule,
when Mrs. Williamson (Gregory's mother)
remarked: "Our mule was shod."
In rebuttal W. F. Whitney, Justice of
the Peace at Covolo, testified ti at Trapper
Fancher's reputation for truth, honesty
and integrity was bad. Sylvester Palmer
swore that the distance from the break of
Jesus Creek to the Wilburn crosbing of
Eel River was about live or six miles, and
that it woutd take a man on horseback at
least two hours to travel v. Sheriff Berpin
testified that it took him one hour and
forty-six minutes to ride from the place of
L ttU'lield's arrest to the scene of the
hanging.
James Simonin said that he had -met Joe
LU'htfoot in the middle of the afternoon
of September 26, and that Lightfoot had
invited him to join a par'y to nang Little
htld and some halfbreeds. Witness said
he had no horse, and so they went up to
Geors« W r hite's place and White tol i them
to go and pet the horse of Tuttle, his head
vaquero, and say nothing about it. In the
evening the witness backed out of the ex
pedition.
SANTA It VS A JiXPZOSIOJ*.
Arthur nation's Curio Proves to Be a
Giant Cartridge.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. I.— Arthur
Batton of Bennett Valley met with a pe
culiar accident here to-day. He had
picked up a giant-powder cap somewhere,
and, as he had never seen one before, con
sidered it enough of a curiosity to carry
around in bis pocket. This morning;,
while lying. down on the bank of a creek,
engaged in eating a watermelon, the cap
exploded in his pocKet, making a horrible
wound in the flesh and muscles of bis leg.
The wound was dressed by a physician,
but the extent of the injury cannot be as
certained,
CLERGYMEN VISIT
LI HUNG CHANG.
Members of Missionary
Boards Warmly Greet
the Viceroy.
THANKS FOR HIS AID.
Foreign Work Assisted in the
Past by the Policy of the
Diplomat
HUNTINGTON MAKES A CALL.
The Railroad Magnate Accepts an In.
vitaticn to Invest Some of His
Wealth in China.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. I.— Li Hung
Chang received a deputation of clergymen
representing the various American boards
of foreign missions engaged in missionary
work in China. Rev. Dr. Eilenwood, sec
retary of fhe Presbyterian board of mis
sious, read an address thanking the Viceroy
for tne protection afforded American mis
sionaries in China, and for the many kind
expressions uttered by Li Hung Chang
and others of the appreciation with which
the educational work, the services of the
missionaries, both men and women, in
the hospitals and the self-denying efforts
put forth by the missionaries in the dis
tribution of relief in the tune of famine
were regarded. The clergymen were pre
sented by Hon. John \V. Foster, who said
they represented the best element in the
United States.
The special Embassador made both a
verbal and written reply. Through his
interpreter he said he appreciated the dis
interested motives which prompted the
missionaries to engage in missionary work
in China. He was especially gratified at
the good work accomplished by the medi
cal colleges. Christianity and Confucian
ism have points in common. Both taught
iueal truths, the one being positive, the
other negative. He had not words to ex
press' his appreciation of the efforts of
Americans to improve the souls, the minus
and the physique of bis countrymen.
In conclusion he observed that the
opium trade and its use was tbe great
curse of the Chinese people. He lully
appreciated tbe efforts made Dy American
missionaries to modify the traffic and
pointed with pride to the fact that no con
verts were accepted until they had aban
doned the opium-smoking baDit. He also
fully appreciated the prayers offered up
by Americans during the illness following
h:s shooting by the Japanese.
The Viceroy's written address was a for
mal acknowledgment of his grateml wel
come, in which in tne name of tbe Em
peror of China he tendered bis best thanks
lor the approval and appreciation of the
protection afforded to American mission
aries.
Then Mr. Foster presented the various
clergymen, with whom Li shook hands
cordially, in nearly every instance h«»
a.-ktd their aues.
C. P. Huntingion wasarnon r the callers
on Li Hung Chang to-day. He came to
offer Li a private car for his journey west
ward. jLji asked the usual questions as to
age and wealth. He told Mr. Huntington
that he knew that he was a very rich man
and that he knew that h.e owned raiirojds
and steamboat lines and other Dig proper
ties. He invited Mr. Huntington to go to
China and invest some of his money
there, telling him that he wonid undoubt
edly profit by so doing. His Excellency
assured Mr. Huntington that ha would
accord him all encouragement for the in
vestment of capital in the development of
enterprises in China.
Mr. Huntington told the Viceroy that he
would go to China and look about him to
determine whether to invest money there.
This seemed to delight Li Hung Chang,
and he shook hands very cordially with
Mr. Huntington in bidding him good-by.
The Merchants' Club gave a reception to
Li Hung Chang this afternoon.
This evening, at Delmonico's, was given
a banquet in Li's honor by the Chinese
merchants of the city, the guests includ
ing also the Chinese Minister, the Con
suls-General at New York and Havana,
Govprnor Morton, General Ruger and
Mayor Strong*.
The Viceroy was not present because
while leaving the Metchants' Club alter
iunc . one of his lineers was jammed acci
dentally in the door of his carriage. In
spite of the pain Li went through the re
maiuder of the programme of the after
noon.
To-night the injured finger was suffi
ciently painful and swollen so that be re
mained in his appartments at the hotel,
his physicians devoting themselves to car
ing for the injury. He was represented at
the dinner by his son, Lord Li, and mern^
bers of his suite.
After tbe dinner Hon. John W.Foster,
in behalf o: Consul Sze, the chairman,
said that according to Chinese cus
toms there would be no toasts.
Secretary Chunc?, of the Chinese lega
tion at Washington, however, pro
posed the health of their hosts, the Chi
nese merchants, and Governor Morton, in
brief words of regret at the Viceroy's en
forced absence, asked all present to drink
to the t'mbassador's health. This closed
the function.
PROTECTING YOSEMITE PARK.
Cannot Be Used for Stilling, Mining cr
Agricultural Pumuits.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept I.—Assist
ant Attorney-General Little of the In
terior Department has rendered an opin
ion declaring that Lt-e Vining's lake in
the Yosemite National Park, Cal., cannot
be used lor milling, mininir, or agri
cultural pursuits. J. S. Cain desired
to predicate a claim to this lake
to be used for reservoir pur
poses, but the Assistant Attorney-General
stated In his decision that it wouid be a
violation of the statutes, as the park was
for the benefit of tne people of the United
States, and should be preserved in its nat
ural condition.
OF IATESEST TO THE COAST.
Patents and Pensions Issued and Xciv
Postmaster* Appointed.
"WASHINGTON, D. C., Sept. 1. -Patents
have been issued to residents of the Pacific
Coast as follows:
Perkins H. Barley. San Francisco, boiler
furnace; Patrick H. Brown, Redlands,
ant trap; George E. Dow, San Francisco,
single acting crank pump; Louis E.
Gieschen, Oakland, tishinsr basket or cre«l;
Leopoldina and J. Amos Harvey, Loa
Angeles, shoulder and bick-bracing chair;
Jobu £. Laing, San Ifraucisco, machine
for making special grain powder; William
O. Ludokici, San Francisco, fluid-pressure
regulator; Herbert Rawlinson. San Fran
cisco, labeling machine; William H.
Smythe, Berxeley, steam-beer fountain;
Edwara T. Taylor. Oakland, cash reeister
ana indicator; Harry W. and A. Harris
Tucky, San Francisco, kty retainer and
locker; Otto G. Niehaus, West Berkeley,
window-screen; Wenzel H. B. Schinied,
assignor of one-half to H. Brown, Narja,
bottle; John W. and A. Cameron BogHS,
Portland, said Boggs assignor to said
Cameron, drydock.
The following Pacific Coast pensions
have been issued :
California: Original— Clarence S. Nut
ting, San Francisco. Original widow —
Ann E. Simmons, Oakland. Mexican war
survivor, increase— Robert Wallace, Sol
diers Home, Los Angeles.
Washington: Original— (special August
23), Rufus P. Mathews, Machias. Erastus
L. Wright (deceased) Clelum. Original
widow— Sarah M. Wright, Clelum.
Oregon: Original — Leander Her, Salem.
W. M. Wallace has been appointed post
master at Millw'ood, Fresno County, Cal.,
vice G. M. Ralph, resigned, and G. L.
Barker at Toil House, Fresno County,
Cal., vice F. F. Witham, resigned.
Classified in the Civil Service.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. I.— Ten
thousand employes under the War De
partment were classified in the civil serv
ice to-day in accordance with the sweeping
order of the President of May 6 last, which
extended the operations of the law to
practically all Government employes ex
cept those laborers wnose work did not re
quire any amount of technical skill or in
telligence above an ordinary degree.
Cnnh in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Sept. l—The debt
statement issued to-day shows a net in
crease in the public debt less cash in the
treasury during August of $12,34-, 683;
total cash in the treasury, $849,388,746.
THE RED-HANDED TURKS
Massacring Christians and Pi>
laging Their Homes in the
Town of Uskup.
Foreign Diplomats S:-nd a Second Note
to the Porle Regarding th;
Awfu C image.
BELGRADE, Servia, Sept. I.— An up
rising has occurred among the Moslems of
the town of Uskup, European Turkey,
and the Christians are being massacred
and their homes pillaged by the mob.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turrets, Sept. I.—
The foreign diplomats have sent a second
note to the Porte calline; attention to the
conclusive evidence obtained that tbe
Moslem mob which massacred the Arme
nians was organize 1 with the connivance
of certain officials. It is known, also, that
hundreds of ruffians were brought from
the Asiatic side of the Bosporus to take
part in the work of murder and rapine,
and were sent back to their homes after
the bloody work had been finished.
The number of persons killed in Sun
day's rioting at Hasskein is estimated at
200. The owners of the houses looted are
now returning. Over 1000 persons were
massacred in the Psamatra district.
Three hundred Armenians have been
dragged out of houses and murdered.
Tlie city is perfectly quiet to-day. The
shops are open and business generally is
resumed.
The number of persons killed In Sun
day's riot at Hasskein is estimated at 200.
Over 1000 persons were massacred in the
Paamatra district, 300 Armenians having
been dragged out of their houses and mur
dered by Kalin alone.
Baron de Calice, the Austrian Embassa
dor, has had several interviews wah the
Sultan, who repeats his assurance that
ample measures have been taken to insure
quiet.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Sept. I.— The
cruiser Cincinnati has been ordered to
Turkey. This does not affect the cruise of
the Bancroft, that vessel being destined
exclusively for duty as guar.iship to tne
American legation at Constantinople,
while the Cincinnati and other vessels of
the squadron are to remain In Turkish
waters outside the Dardanelles unless
c rcumstances arise to call lor re-enforce
ments and a display of naval force.
It is explained ihat the order 3to the
Cincinnati have been in contemplation
for some time, and there is no particular
significance in their publication at the
present juncture. It is also said that it is
the intention of the department to bring
the Marblehead home as soon as she can
be spared from the Mediterranean, as t;;e
time of a great many men on the station
has expired, and it is hoped to gather
them all on the Marblehead for the home
ward cruise. So it is argued no real in
crease in the force in Turkish waters is
designed unless affairs appear to war
rant it.
Consecrated a Special Archbishop.
ROME, Italy, Sept. I.— Rev. Sebastian
Martinelli, who was recently appointed to
succeed Cardinal Satolli a3 Papal delegate
to the Roman Catholic church in the
United States, was consecrated a special
Archbishop yesterday in the presence of
foreign diplomats accredited to the Vati
can. The new Papal delegate will start
for the United States about the end of
September.
Important I.rttrr* Jbrotn Cuban Leaders.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. I.— Manuel
Fuentes, a captain in the Cuban patriot
army, arrived yesterday in New York
with important letters from Generals
Maceo and Aguirre to Delegate Estrada
Pal ma. He refused to say how he man
aged to smuggle himself out of the island.
NEW TO-DAY.
TAPENTA^
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER*
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Springs, Buda Pest, Hungary.
Under the absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical Institute ""'
(Ministry of Agriculture), Buda Pest.
"We know of no Spring which shows so great richness in Mineral Salts, or which
combines such advantages, as this water.
"Professor Dr. R. C. TiCHBORN, L.L.D., F.C.S., F.I.C, Dublin."
This Water is richer in Mineral Salts than *\ d_j // / '
all Continental Bitter Waters, and its efficacy is so / jf^ 0 ****&***'*&+
great that even the smallest • dose secures the [ (/ _^— — j ; — —^L-*»
best results." ) T^"" * /*»
Sworn Chemist in Buda Pest
Prices : .15 cents and 25 cents per bottle.
'OF ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS
-Full Analysis and additional Testimony and Information supplied
by CHS.GRAEF & CO., 32, Beaver Street, New York, Sole Agents
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
■ SEE that the Label bears the well-known Red Diamond Mark of
The Apollinaris Company, Limited.
ST. PAUL ALIVE
WITH VETERANS,
Grand Army Men Thirty-
Thousand Strong in
the City.
A HOST OF STRANGERS
Martial Music and Marching oi
Posts Are Suggestive of a
Home-Coming.
NIGHT IS TURNED INTO DAY.
Pilgrimage to Fart Sneliing in H:nor
of Minnesota's Survivors — Contest
for Command. j r-in-Chief.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Sept. I.— There isa
surplus of American patriotism in St.
Paul to-night. The Grand Army of the
Republic is in town 30,000 strong, accord
ing to tbe conservative estimates sent by
State departments to National head
quarters, and that number is expected to
march in the grand parade to-morrow. St.
Paul is congested witb a host of strangers.
Fifty thousand is the average estimate of
the number of visitors from all parts of
the Union.
The bright array of day decorations on
every street in the business district was
enhanced to-night by brilliant electric
illuminations. The flag for which the vet
erans foucht is omnipresent.
Martial music from many bands and the
marching of Grand Army posts would
give tbe city the appearance of a home
coming from the war were it not for the
absence of those weapons with which the
boys in blue once fought.
There are four openl3 r talkr.-d of candi
dates for commatider-in-chief. They nre
Comrade Charles A. Ballon of Providence.
R. I. ; Rear- Admiral Richard W. M*ade,
U. S. N., of Lafayette Post, New York
City; John C. Linehan of Concord, junior
vice-commander of the New Hampshire
Department, and Major T. S. Clarkson of
Nebraska. Tne strengtli of tha quartet
has not been sufficiently crystallized to ad
nni of a prediction as to the successful
candidate. By general consent, however,
this seems to be the East's year for the
coveted honors of commander and next
encampm-ni city.
The dusty road of six miles from the
city to Fort Sneliing was thronged from
early in the afternoon until late cX night
with tlie tray-haired men in blue and
other visitors More than 5000 people
went out to join in the reunion of the
Minnesota veterans, who were sent to the
front from the historic fort, and to witness
tLe parade of the regular soldiers sta
tioned there. Tiie Minnesota men made
the State Cupitol their rendezvous and
went out in streetcars to the army post.
At the western end of the bridge- vrhich
spans the Mississippi 11 ver the survivors
of the war irom Minnesota marched under
an ;trch of welcome.
They parsed the frowning bluffs which
fringe the low stone builuings and round
tower erected in 1820. Over the garrison
common they marched and came to a
magnificent arch of hewn logs, which
marks the entrance to the parade grounds
and quarters of the army pp3t.
"Welcome from Garrison No. 57"
greeted the visit' ng thousands lrora one
side of this unique arch. On the revere
were tne word-, "Our Country anu Our
Flag." An immense eagle between flags
ornamented the center on each side, and
on the summit of the arch were stationed
together an anchor aud a gun with fcar
riage.
Colonel J. H. Page, commandant of the
post, his staff and the ladies of tbe gar
rison held a reception at the colonel's
quarters for the officers • and men of the
Minnesota department and Commander
in-Chief Walker. General Mason was also
present.
Columbia Post No. 706 of Chicago, Com
mander H. G. Purinton, seventy-rive
strong, was especially invited by the
colonel. There was a general happy re
union of Minnesota veterans on tr,e
spacious grounds. The Third United
States Infantry, which is the only body of
soldiers stationed at the fort now, paraded
at sundown.
There was a brilliant social function in
the evening at Summit Park and in the
Kittson residence on Summit avenue,
when Commander Walker was received
with hundreds of other veterans by a
ladies' committee of St. Paul.
C. F. Sheriff of Pittsburg was elected
president of the Ex-Prisoners of War
Association to-day. He waa vice-president
of the organization.
INTERNATIONAL COURTLAW
Peru Allowed to Send Troops Across the
Isthmus of Panatna.
PANAMA, Colombia, Aug. 24.— The
Panama Star and Herald says that the Co
lombian Government has granted the per
mission requested by the Government of
Peru to transport an armed expedition
across the isthmu?. This expedition was
intended to start from one of the Pacific
ports of Peru »nd, crossing the isthmus,
proceed on the Atlantic and reach iquitos
atter ascending the Amazon River. Iqui»
tos, as is well known, has been for tome
time in open revolt against the central
Government of Lima, and the quickest
and safest route to reacri the seat of the
trouble was considered to be by th« isth
mus.
Feeble Minded Institute Burnet.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Sept. I.— The main
bniidiug oF >he State feeble Minded In
stitute in this city was destroyed >y tire
to-day. The 118 inmates escaped uiliurt.
The loss is estimated at $75,000, with
$56,000 insurance.
ARCATA CKVILB RATIOS
~' X i
Cyclers and liatic* Sons Will Observe
Admission liny. j
ARC ATA, Cal., Sept. I.— Arcata Partor,
Native Sons of the Golden West, aid he
Arcata Cycling Club will give a joint cile
braiion here on Admission day. Ibrjur
sion trains have been arranged torunfrom
all points in the county, and as th; will
be the only celebration held in Hum oldt
on the 9th, preparations are being mi c to
entertain a large number of visitors.
Frank M. Liscom, president of thi Ar
cata Parlor, will act as president of the
day. Arthur W. Hill, Esq., past pesi
dent of Humboldt Parlor, will delivaithe
oration. The programme, as far a»ar
ranged, will include a parade and litfary
exercises in the morning and araceieet
in the afternoon, all to conclude win a
bill in the evening, at which ihe pizes
will be delivered.
SEW TO-DAY.
•*••••••• •© c . • ••] '•''P3*
tMHMM9oO>ooO«OMO«>in •' '..*;*■ •**S»e»«*
Might as well be out of the world »s outfc
fashion In Neckwear. You're never In style if yb
don't have the latest Boos Bros. 1 styles.
We have just unpacked the
correct styles for the season of
1896-7. Up-to-date designs and
the prettiest colorings — fresh and •
bright as a California flower gar- 1
den. Ties for all occasions ; Band
Bows, Tecks, Four-in-hands, I
Flowing End and Club Ties. Ex- I
elusive styles ; nothing like them I
elsewhere.
Would be exceptional value at I
! 75c, but we shall open the sea- I
son with them at 50c — we wish \
j you to know we can sell ties ',
cheaply like we do clothing.
See our exclusive styles In Fancy Shirts. New
colorings and designs.
\ , - ■ . ---„,■■
The quickest mail-order house on the Pacific Co*«t-
MACKAY'S
CBiplow Axiniiisters $1.35
Imperial Velvets 100
A Lowell Body Brussels- — 1,10
Best Tapestry Brussels. .. .15
Otter Grades from .50
R 411 Wool Ingrain....... .55
Linoleums from .35
TMese prices are for the
P choice of our stock. All new,
fresh goods for our Fall trade.
No trash.
All prices to Include sewing
and laying:.
t We Have All Kinds of Furniture
At correspondingly low
__ figures.
■ WATCH OUR WIXDOW FOR
PRICES
ALEX. MAT 4 SON,
715 Market Street.
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE BP«>
1 clallst treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
NERVOUS DISEASES OFMEN ONLY. He »top«
Discharges; cures secret Blood and Skin Diseases,
Bores and Swellings; Nervous Debility. Impo-
tence and other weaknesses of Manhood.
He corrects the secret Errors of Youth and tnel*
terrible effects, Loss of Vitality, Palpitation of th«
Heart, Loss of Memory. Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the Error*
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men.
He restores Lost Vieor and Manly Power, re-
moves Deformities and restores the Organs to
Health. He also cures Diseases caused Of .Mer-
cury and other Poisonous Drucs. , .L^r"
Dr. McN'ulty's methods are regular and scien-
tific. , He uses no patent nostrums or ready-maaii
preparations, but cures the disease by thorougo
medical treatment. His New »»nipblet on Pri-
vate Diseases sent Free to all men who «>scno«
their trouble. - Patients cured »t Home. Term*
reasonable. - , _ a __
Hours-9 to 3 dclly; 630 to 8:30 evenings, sun-
days. 10 to 12 only. Consultation free »aa. •»
CtmXlj confidential. Call on or address
P. KOSCOK MoNUtTV. M. D.,
* »6U Kearny St.. Sin Francisco. CiU.
J»-^eware of strangers who try to talk to /oa
$$R£UNG
IB THE VERY Xik.^l UNK 1 » £X AiI IX 3
jtt.7.ye. aMttt u»em to apeccadai ,*«««{•■
lluaM wS JMtrum»nH of bia own w £???s
tfcESupertomy t*s uoc beau *»«£•*£* «**
tUihH been due to U»e meriM «M «Uf *«*»
Dibs* Uuan—x* M» * *• *t ,
mmiiMIIPA FOB BARBERS* BAR.
PDIIQ IJfatfc crs, bootblacks, bath-
PnllU)llwCl nouses, billiard- Uhlr^
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers. cauners.
dvera i flourmUls, foundries, laundries, paper-
haters, pnnTers, pointer., shoe .tool*
»£ tar-roogr^anners^lors^^
Brush Manufacturer.. (909 S»cr»m«nt*9l«GROVER IS
NOT ANXIOUS
Under No Conditions Would
He Head the Third
Ticket.
INDIANAPOLIS INVADED
BY DELEGATES.
-Sound Money Democrats Will in
All Probability Nominate
Bragg and Buckner.
LEADERS IN MANY STATES SAY
M'KINLEY WILL WIN.
Peculiar Spectacle of Prominent Bour
bons RcjoiciDg in the Probable
Success of a Republican.
Headquarters of the )
Ukited Associated Presses, >
Indianapolis, Ind., Sept. 1.)
It is authoritatively stated to-night
by a personal friend of President
Cleveland that he would not accept the
nomination of the sound-money conven
tion under any circumstances, and should
his name be presented he will probably be
heard from. It is intimated that a promi
nent member of the New York delegation
has a letter to be read should the occasion
arise. It is not to be presumed, however,
that Mr. Cleveland is lacking in interest
in the work of the convention. The gen
tleman above referred to stated that while
he was not authorized to speak for Mr.
Cleveland he would venture the prediction
that if the proper kind of a platform should
be adopted the President would probably
make known his approval.
As to the opening of the convention it
can be said that crowded hotels, enthusi
astic workers and brass bands — three ac
companiments of a National convention —
which were not visible in the Indianapolis
round-money gathering till to-day, were
all supplied this afternoon. The rush of
deiegates was so great as to fairly swamp
the leading hotels, which, though admir
ably managed, are not capacious.
McKinley demonstrations and free-sil
ver shouters aided to block the streets in
numbers almost as great as those of the
sound-mor.ey men.
Every fresh arrival seemed to bring
news which added to the enthusiasm of
the opponents of the Chicago ticket. Sen
ator Vilas be.^an it by stating that Wis
consin would be carried for McKinley.
Senator Caffery followed, declaring that
many old-time Democrats in Louisiana
had gone so far in the McKinley direction
that it was impossible to call them back.
Governor Stockley of Delaware asserted
that ii tbe Republicans of that State would
unite they could carry it for McKinley.
Governor Jones of Alabama did not hesi
tate to express his belief that Bryan could
be defeated in his State, and Judge Euclid
Martin of Nebraska said that the nominee
of the Chicago convention would fail to
carry even his own State. From Tennes
see and Oregon and other States came
similar assurances.
The spectacle thus presented of t>romi
nent I)emocrats rejoicing over the prob
able success of a Republican candidate
forms one of the most remarkable anoma
lies of the situation.
Another unusual feature is the entire
absence of any agtrressive competition for
the nomination. Tbe trend of sentiment
favors Bragg and Buckner, but there is a
strong undercurrent for Vilas.
The conferences held by the several
delegations to-day have strengthened a
movement to put up Bound-money .Demo
cratic State tickets in all the Central States
that are considered fighting ground. Illi
nois, Michigan and Missouri have led the
way. Wisconsin and Minnesota are sure
to follow, and there is a feeling that In
diana should do likewise and make the
fight all along the line.
ARRIVAL OF DELEGATIONS.
Prominent Leaders Tell of the
Steady Growth of the Sound-
Money Sentiment.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Sept. I.— The
early morning trains brought many dele
gates to the National Democratic Conven
tion. General Bragg and Senator Vilas of
Wisconsin were amon^ the first arrivals.
John P. Irish, formerly of the Bureau of
Engraving and Printing at the National
capital, now a resident of California, came
on as an avant courier of the California
delegation. He reported that members
from tne southern part of the State were
shut off by the waßhout and would not be
able to reach Indianapolis in time.
The California delegates, Mr. Irish ex
plained, had held no meeting since their
appointment, and therefore it was im
possible to say whom they favored to head
the ticket. The delegates were, however,
for a platform, a ticket and a red-hot fight.
Mr. Irish added that Oregon and Wash
ington will be represented in the conven
tion.
"We have been emolling voters," said
Mr. Irish, "in the sound-money move
ment in California for the last month, and
we now nave 25,000 Democrats with us.
The Bryan Populists propose resorting to
the courts to prevent us getting a Demo
cratic electoral ticket printed on the offi
cial ballot. If they get the matter into
the courts at this late day the delay of a
decision may keep us off the official bal
lot, owing io the peculiar election law of
California. If the Populists resort to this
technicality to prevent an expression of
our opinion, we will express our opinion
in a way that will leave them with a very
admonitory memory.
Senator Vilas told a representative of
the United Associated Presses that the in
dications were that McKinley would carry
Wisconsin, and that al least 20 or 25 per
cent of the Democrats of the State would
fall in line for the nominees of the Indian
apolis convention.
The Senator was informed that there
was considerable talk of making him the
nominee of the convention, but he de
clined to discuss the matter.
.Ferry Beimont of New York said to-day:
•'i hope to vote for an electoral ticket to
be nominated here, presenting as the
Democratic candidate for President a man
in whose loyalty to Democratic principles
implicit confidence can be staked. The
'•reservation of Democratic principles in
their entirety will be of incalculable value
to the country in the future.
"The fact is," Mr. Beimont continued,
"the root of our financial troubles lies in
the continuance of Government paper
money which needs constant redemption.
The sounder our currency the better will
be our credit, the greater our financial in
dependence, and the less need there will
be of borrowing or resorting to the unde
sirable aid of bond syndicates. No one
can be more desirous of avoiding this ne
cessity than I am. Threats of repudia
tion, advocacy of unsound and depre
ciated currency, render doubly difficult
the protection of the public credit. Those
who talk about a dearer and scarcer dollar
themselves create what they consider to
be a contraction in the volume of the cur
rency, which is in reality the withdrawal
of confidence and capital from our indus
tries pro uced by agitators of financial
heresies, who would wreck prosperity alto
gether in an attempt to uphold their tneo
ries of coinage and currency."
A delegation of eighteen all the way
from Florida arrived at noon and were
escorted to their quarters by a brass band.
The delegation displayed a gilded alliga
tor labeled "Florida gold bug," and each
man carried a large waving palm leaf.
The Florida delegation came in occupying
a coach, on the siile of which was a streamer
running its full length inscribed "Florida's
sound money Democracy." At their head,
following the banner, constructed here by
their order, was a picture of President
Grover Cleveland, surrounded by the
words: "Our candidate for President."
Following the Florida delegation came
the Louisiana delegation in a special car
over the Big Four line from Cincinnati,
headed by Senator Caffery. Their car
carried a streamer similar to that on tne
car of the Florida delegation. Senator
Caffery, who is to oe the permanent chair
man of the convention, said to a reporter
ior the United Associated Presses that his
delegation had not agreed to support any
particular candidate, but were for the
ticket which the convention might decide
to be the strongest.
"No man conversant with the condition
of affairs in the South," said Senator Caf
fery, "can deny that there is a very pro
nounced feeling in favor of sound money,
and that the men who advocate that sen
timent wiil vote their convictions. This
is the case not only in my State of Louisi
ana, but in other parts of the South. The
fact is that a ereat many old-time Demo
crats immediately after the Chicago con
vention renounced the ticket and the
platform and declared themselves for Mc-
Kinley as the lesser of the two evils.
While they did not agree with the Repub
lican candidate on the tariff question and
other tenets of the Republican faith for
which he stands thoy did approve of his
financial views. These men have, many
of them, gone so far that it is now impos
sible to get them back, even for the third
ticket which we will here nominate."
Several Tennessee delegates came in
with the Florida delegation. One of them,
Theodore Coole of Nashville, said: "Peo
ple down our way think Bragg and Buck
ner the logical candidates of the conven
tion. There is, however, a strong sentiment
for Grover Cleveland."
Joseph Bryan, the head of the sound
money movement in Virginia, reached In
dianapolis to-day at the head of a delega
tion of fifteen men. "I am more than
pleased with the outlooK," said Mr.
Bryan to a representative of the United
Associated Presses. "It has long been
considered treason in Virginia for a Demo
crat to say a word in condemnation of the
ticket named by the party, but I wish to
say that this year the woods of the old
commonwealth, if that be treason, are full
of traitors."
The New York State delegation, seventy
two strong, arrived here on a special train
at 2:30 this afternoon with ex-Governor
Flower at their head. DeWitt Warner
told a representative of the United Asso
ciated Presses that the delegates had no
choice for first or second place on the
ticket. ' •
The Pennsylvania delegation reached
Indianapolis late this evening over the
Pennsylvania Railroad. There were
seventy men in the party. The delegates
discussed the situation on the train and de
cided not to advocate the candidacy of
any one individual, but to vote for the
best man, snowing the strongest follow
ing, when the proper time arrives.
The Indiana delegation met at State
headquarters this morning and elected
delegates. The delegates did not discuss
preferences for the Presidential nomina
tion. What expressions were given by
members of the delegation point toward a
vote for Bragg and Buckner.
Governor Stockley of Delaware said his
State had no intention of presenting the
name of Senator Gray to the convention.
"We realize," said he, "that this sound
money movement requires a Western
man to lead it. The West is our battle
ground.
According to the sound-money delegates
from Nebraska who arrived this after
noon the nomination of a strong tic&et
here will draw from 18 000 to 20,000 votes
from Bryan in his own State and assure
the electoral vote for McKinley. Judge
Euclid Martin, the chairman of the dele
gation, .-aid that Nebraska has had a
sound-money Democratic organization for
four years and that every district in the
State is represented here. He did not
care to make predictions which would not
be substantiated later, and preferred to
underestimate rather than exaggerate the
chances for the defeat of Bryan in his
own State, but that while the result will
be close he believed that McKinley would
win. Other members of the delegation
were more positive in their claims.
All doubt about Arkansas being repre
sented in the convention was dissipated at
3 p. m., when twenty substantial lookine
citizens arrived. They were headed by
Colonel Fordyce, the chairman of the dele
gation. They brought no boom ior candi
dates with them, but were enthusiastic in
the demand for the nomination of a strong
ticket and lor a permanent organization of
the sound-money Democracy.
The Oregon delegation arrived this after
noon. They say the silver sentiment in
their State is dying out. Judge McCarthy,
one of the leading members of the delega
tion, declared that McKinley will certainly
carry Oregon.
The Massachusetts delegation said:
"Let the West and South settle it. All we
ask is that good sound- money Democrats
be named. We have no candidates to
present."
Although the committee on resolutions
has not yet been appointed the proposed
financial plank of the platform has been
discussed during the day by the leaders.
There will be no scaicity of planks from
which to make a choice. They differ in
language, but there is a unanimous de
mand for an unequivocal and severe
arraignment of the free coinage of silver
The following plank has been under care
ful consideration, and many of the most
prominent men in the party have ex
pressed their entire satislaction with its
text:
We adhere with unwavering faith to the
teachings and to the warnings of Jefferson,
Jackson, Benton, Tilden and Cleveland, and
therefore we demand the best, the most stable
and the most honest of money for the people
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1896.
for this greatest of nations; which money, by
the wisdom, experience and usage of this and
other enlightened countries, must under ex
isting circumstances, be bimetallic, but must
be measured by the existing standard of gold
and should consist of gold, with a bank cur
rency well secured and redeemable in gold,
and with the use of silver and other metals
within the reasonable limits prescribed by
convenience and safety, aud to be kept at a
par with gold.
We believe it is undemocratic and unwise
for the Government to debase our money or to
issue paper currency, or by adopting the silver
standard to set this Nation Dack from its
financial place among enlightened peoples, to
a monetary fellowship with the silver mono
metallists of Asia.
We deem it folly and rashness on the part of
this country jo discard the long existing gold
standard of the United States, of England, of
Germany, of Austria, of Denmark, of Norway,
of Sweden, of Greece, of Holland, of Spain, of
Italy, of Brazil, of Chile, of Belgium, of France
and the other enlightened nations of the
world and to adopt tbe outgrown and discred
ited silver standard of Mexico, of Peru, China
aud of the other half-civilized and pauper
nations. We believe the unlimited free coin
age of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1, when in
the markets of the %vond its ratio is only 32 to
1, would bring disaster upon our people and
threaten the stability of our institutions.
While it is the intention to incorporate
a tariff plank in the platform, relatively
little attention has thus far been given to
that subject. It appears to be the desire
to make this plank short and thoroughly
Democratic. Of several such planks sub
mitted to-day, the one which meets with
most favor reads as follows:
We adhere to the Democratic doctrines of
the tariff reform and for a tariff for revenue
only, under which the taxes exacted and the
burdens imposed shall not be increased to
give special emoluments to the few, but shall
be limited to the necessities of the Government
economically administered.
Tne Wisconsin delegation met this after
noon und organized by electing General E.
S. Bragg chairman, and George W. Dyer
secretary. It was decided that ex-Repre
sentative Jones of Madison present the
name of General Bragg as candidate for
the Presidential nomination. Members
of the delegation stated that assurances of
support for General Bragg had been made
by delegates from Southern and Eastern
States, and that the West was practically
solid for him.
A large contingent of sound-money men
arrived from Alabama and Georgia at 6
o'clock this evening, accompanied by a
brass band. About 300 men comprised the
party. They were met at the depot by
delegates from lowa and New York, who
escorted tiiem to their headquarters. The
men formed in line at the depot and
marched through the principal streets,
and were enthusiastically received. Gov
ernor Jones expressed himself as being
proud of the fine showing made by the
Alabama delegation.
"We have in our State," said the Gov
ernor, "the opportunity of a lifetime, and
we intend to profit by it. I believe that
we can deliver the electoral vote of that
State to the nominee of this convention.
1 say this in all seriousness, because I
know the temper of the people. Of course,
there is a division in the old Democratic
parly, but there are sufficient sound
money Democrats in the State, added to
the straight Republican vot«, to throw tbe
State to McKinley if we can do notiiing
else. The Populists are making claims
that cannot be worked out."
LEADERS IN CONFERENCE
Agree Upon a Plan of Procedure
In the Convention and Tem
porary Organization.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Sept. I.— A con
ference was held to-night in the room of
Senator Vilas, attended by the Senator,
Chairman Bynum of the executive com
mittee, Cnairman Palmer of the National
Committee, Hugh Wallace and other lead
ers. It was the intention to formally talk
over the platform, but there were so many
interruptions that the conference confined
itself to arranging a programme for to
morrow's convention. The following ar
rangement was agreed upon:
The convention will be called to order
by General Palmer at 12 o'clock. General
Palmer wiil make a brief speech and in
troduce the temporary chairman, ex-
Governor Flower. Secretary Wilson of
the National Committee will be made
temporary secretary of the convention.
After the address of Governor Flower a
resolution will be prepared providing for
tbe committees. The roll of States will
then be called in order that the members
cf these committees may be reported to
the convention. A resolution will be
offered referring all resolutions to the
committee until read and an adjournment
wiil be taken until 4 o'clock.
Upon reconvening the permanent or
ganization, with Senator Caffery in the
chair, will be installed, and the conven
tion will listen to Senator Caffery's speech,
Thus all the preliminaries will be gotten
out of the way to-morrow, and when the
convention meets again at 11 o'clock on
Thursday the platform can be taken up at
once and the nominations made immedi
ately thereafter.
The Oregon delegation organized to-day
and adopted the following resolutions,
which it is their purpose to offer in the
convention:
Resolved, That it Is the sense of the conven
tion that permanent organization of the party
in convention now assembled isuiecessary and
desirable; that a National conftiHtee be se
lected Agreeable to the usages of the Demo
cratic party, whose duty shßll be to call future
conventions of the party from time to time,
apportion delegates thereto and provide the
time and place for the holding thereof and
perform the duties which usually devolve
upon the committee of a political party. Com
plete organization throughout the States Is
earnestly recommended. We favor the us* of
gold and silver as money, but insist upon the
maintenance of the present gold standard and
that silver shall only be used so far as it safely
may be and consistently with such gold
standard. We oppose the use of fiat money in
any form, and believe that the retirement of
all such money as recommended by the pres
ent administration is necessary to preserve a
sound and stable currency.
MRS. HENDRICKS OBJECTS.
Protests Against the Display of a
Picture of Her Deceased
Husband.
INDIANAPOLIS, In, Sept. I.— The
convention will be held in Tomlinson Hall,
which has a seating capacity about equal
to the Mechanics' Pavilion in San Fran
cisco, but it is not anticipated that it will
be more than comfortably filled.
A picture of Thomas A. Hendricks
adorns one of the walls, and the widow of
the deceased statesman was much in
censed to-night when she discovered it.
She visited the committee of arrange
ments and declared excitedly that while
her deceased husband may have been a
believer in good money be "never bolted"
a Democratic ticket in his life.
Politics is being discussed by men,
women and children in Indiana, on the
streets and hotel lobbies of the cities and
the corner groceries of small hoosier
towns are scenes of animated debates
which frequently terminate in fisticuffs.
On a Pennsylvania railroad train from
Washington .Uiis morning a free-for-all
light took place over a discussion of the
money question and two participants were
Beriously injured. The financial problem
is the all-absorbing topic, and even the
teachers in the public schools of Indian
apolis are undertaking to enlighten the
young idea on the subject.
♦
APPARENT INDIFFERENCE.
Politicians at Washington Head-
quarters Pretend Not to Be
Interested In the Convention.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Sept. I.— A won
derful amount of apparent indifference is
manifested around political headquarters
here as to the convention of National
Democrats which assembles at Indianapo
lis to-morrow. If anything the Repub
licans are watching the movements of the
gold Democrats with more real interest
than the allied silver forces, a block be
low on the same street. The leaders of the
silver forces claim to have discounted the
defection of the gold Democrats long ago.
They say that when the Chicago conven
tion declared for silver and nominated
Bryan they Knew there would be a bolt.
They took all that into consideration
when they acted. They allege that move
ment has not been any larger or of any
more importance or power than they an
ticipated. It matters little to them, they
assert, what is done. No action that is
taken will affect their confidence in the
result of the election. t
The position of the Republicans is that
they cannot oe hurt by the convention,
and they do not know whether they can
be helped to any great extent— that is,
its beneficial results will not be general.
The hope of the Republicans is that some
man will be nominated who will be ac
ceptable to the large element of Southern
Democrats believed to be backing up the
movement.
There is a feeling among Republican
leaders that the right kind of ticket at In
dianapolis might play havoc with the
Democratic party in a number of Southern
States. In Louisiana there is a wealthy
and influential faction of the Democratic
party who will support a strong nominee.
In Florida there is almost the same kind
of an element. If gold Democratic electors
could be put out in these States and in
dorsed by Republicans and other anti
silver elements, it is expected the result
might be changed.
There are floating hints that in several
States where gold Democrats have made a
good showing Chairman Hanna would be
willing to advise the Republicans to with
draw and support gold Democratic elec
tors or fuse with them. It is hinted that
he might do this in two States named, as
well as in Texas, and probably in Ala
bama. Chairman Hanna is well aware
that conditions are such that those States
woul<l not permit Republican electors to
be elected. Lookinc at it this way, he
might agree to let gold Democrats run the
whole thing, hoping that they would suc
ceed. If such a plan could be put into
operation and should be successful it
would be in line with the belief of some of
the silver leaders that the hope of the gold
Democrats is to hold the balance of power
in the electoral college. The silver men
look upon this as a remote possibility.
STOLEN FROM HER HOME
After Thirteen Years of Mystery
a Strange Story Comes
to Light.
The Central Figure a Washington Gin
Who Has Been Raised in
San Francisco.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. I.— A gen
uine Charley Ross story came to light here
a few days ago— only the stolen one was
discovered, but not until after an absence
of thirteen years. In this case Lillie Zeno
bia Daley, a good-looking colored girl, is
the central figure. She is now eighteen
years old, and was taken from here by a
colored woman named Emma Cooper, or
Butler, who has since died. When the
woman died in San Francisco not long ago
the girl made anxious inquiry aDout her rel
atives, and succeeded in interesting A.
Lucas, head of a private detective agency,
in her case, and he made inquiries about
her.
Mr. Lucas sent to Washington detectives
a letter written by the girl in which she
claimed that she was barn in Washington,
her mother having been a white woman,
while her father was a mulatto. One day
a neighbor named Mrs. Butler took her to
the railroad-cars and then suddenly
boarded the train, takinc the girl along
with her. When they reached Chicago
her abductor told her that she must say
she was Mrs. Butler's daughter. One day
the girl found in Mrs. Butler's trunk a
letter, from which she learned that her
own mother was paying her Doard. When
Mr-. Butler died, one of her relatives told
the girl that "Walter Butler, who works
as a clerk in the Liverpool and London
and Globe Insurance Company's otliee at
422 California stn-et, San Francisco, would
tell her something when she reached her
majority." When she became of age she
called on Mr. Butler, but there being a
coolness between them he did not divulge
anything he may have known.
The Washington police made inquiries
and have succeeded in finding the girl's
relatives. It developed that the girl,
Zenobia Daley, was actually stolen from
here by the woman, Emma Cooper or
Butler. Mrs. Cooper it seems had formed
an attachment (or Lillie and had expressed
a desire to adopt her, but she could not do
so, for the child's parents were prosperous
and even on the death of her father the
mother got along well. One day, however,
Mrs. Cooper said she was going to the
train to see her husband off and took the
child along for company, and that was the
last Been of her.
Mrs. Daley, almost heart-broken, made
every effort to discover the whereabouts
of her child. Local authorities succeeded
in accomplishing nothing, and then she
asked the assistance of pastors in many
States. She traveled considerably in her
efforts to locate the child, but in vain, for
she never succeeded in finding the slight
est clew to her whereabouts and died with
out seeing her again. The girl's grand
mother, Mrs. Rachael Moore, and her two
sisters live here. The news of the where
abouts of the missing one caused joy in
the lamily. and the sisters as well ;ts~ the
grandmother are hoping that they will be
again united.
Mrs. Moore is financially unable to
render assistance to her grandchild be
cause of the expensive railroad trip, but it
is possible thai she may receive the aid of
sone charitable people.
Daniel Spraker's Death. '
FONDA, N. V., Sept. I.— Daniel Spraker,
president of the Mohawk River Bank, died
from pneumonia early this morning, aged
88. Mr. Spraker had been president of the
bank since its establishment, over forty
years ago. and was probably the oldest
bank president in the United States. He
was the last of six brothers of the old his
toric Spraker family of Sprakers, N. Y.
Wonderful Colombian Gold Mine.
PANAMA, Colombia, Aug. 24. — The
Panama Star and Herald says: The Es
pintu Santo gold mine, in the Darien, is
giving wonderful results. With only live
rammers 480 tons of mineral were mined
in one month which produced 1200 ounces
of gold, valued at £5000. Twenty more
rammers are about to be put in operation,
which will produce some 6000 ounces of
gold a year, the value of whicu is esti
mated at £300,000.
CHEERED BY
YE EDITORS.
Major McKinley Receives
a Visit From Writers
of West Virginia.
IMPORT OF THE CAUSE
CHAMPIONED.
Labor and Capital Must Be Given
Constant Employment With
Fair Returns.
AN HONEST DOLLAR THAT CAN
CHEAT NOBODY.
"Let Us Have Neither Free Trade
Nor Free Silver," Says the
Great Protectionist.
CANTON, Ohio, Sept. I.— The advent of
autumn was notable in Canton by the ar
rival of a delegation of the Republican
editors of West Virginia, 95 per cent of the
Republican newspapers of the State being
represented by iheir editors or owners in
the delegation, and every man as well as
woman and child -.vho accompanied came
to see Major McKinley.
The editors alter dinner marched to the
McKinley residence. The appearance of
the major was the signal for an outburst
of applause. He was introduced by Hon.
P. W. Morris, editor of the Ritchie Ga
zette and president of the Republican
Press Association of West Virginia.
Major McKinley was heartily and re
peatedly cheered by the men when he
stepped forth to make answer to the ad
dress of Mr. Morris, The ladies waved
their handkerchiefs and clapped their
hands. Major McKinley said:
The *ause In which you are engaged this
year is one commanding Doth conscience and
interest. The Republican cause was never
more just and righteous than this year, and
the triumph of its principles was never more
essential to the general welfare of the Ameri
can people than now. We have had great po
litical contests in the past, but I doubt if any
was ever waged which involved higher inter
ests to the people and to the country at large
than those presented in this campaign. [Ap
plause and cries of "That's rignt."] Nothing
is more vital to the standing and progress of a
country than tbe preservn tioi^ of its credit
and financial honor. [Applause and cries of
"That's right, too."] Nothing is more indis
pensible to business and prosperity than that
the currency of the country shall be so hones i.
that it can cheat nobody. [Great cheering.]
Nothing is of greater moment to the welfare
of the country than the adoption of a policy
which will give to labor and capital constant
employment with fair returns. [Applause and
cries of "Good."] But, gentlemen, lying be
neath all these, and more important than all
tiiese, is the preservation of law and order
the reign of domestic quiet. [Cheers.] All
these are embraced in the contention which is
upon us this year.
In connection with the questions as editors
and publishers you have the gravest responsi
bilities. You help to make publio sentiment
and a right public sentiment is what is most
needed at this juncture of our National affairs.
Never was the press of the country more
aroused to these issues than now. Never dia
i he Republican cause hove such mighty sup
port from the newspapers of the United States
as it has to-day. This help is not confined to
the Republican press alone, but includes many
ol the greatest newspapers which have hither
to advocated the Democratic cause. [Applause.]
All this is an evidence that the people appre
ciate that a great cri3is is upon them and that
the way to avoid that crisis is lor patriotic
men of every section of the country to unite
and act together in the common cause of coun
try. [Great applause.] It is no selfish con
cern, therefore, that prompts me to express
the hope that West Virginia may be
come permanently a Republscrn State
[Cheers aud cries of "It will go
Republican this fall all right"], and that what
she gr.ined so gloriously in 1894 will not be
lost in 1896. [Great applause.] The Repub
lican party aims higher than that. It is not
mereiy the success of individuals or party, but
the good of the country it seeks, anr. it is in
that spirit, animated only by patriotic senti
ment, that I wish always to constantly speak
and act. [Applause.]
The major then made a rapid review of
the natural resources of West Virginia,
her manufactures, mines, agriculture,
wool-raising, etc., and continued:
Hovr much these several industries have suf
fered in the last three years you know better
than I could tell you. How much the wooi
growers havo lost, those who have sheep and
raise wool know accurately. They know what
the experience of the last three years has cost
them to the very cent. All these interests are
directly affected; all are directly benefited or
injured by our industrial legislation. You
know, and the people know, that every one of
them were advanced by Republican legisla
tion [applause] and that all of them have been
more or le6S injured by Democratic legislation.
[Applause and cries of '-You are right!"] With
such almost inexhaustible wealth in your
midst, with such possibilities of development
and growth; with so excellent a foundation
for increased business and greater general
prosperity, 1 bid you newspapermen to lose no
opportunity to arouse your people to the real
ization ot the true interests and to the im
mense importance to them of the issues of the
present campaign, as they affect their mate
rial welfare in every business calling or occu
pation that can be named. Your interests as
a people no longer run on sectional lines.
[Cheers.] Thank God, the last lingering es
trangements between the North and the South
are being forever effaced. [Great applause.]
And the appeal for the restoration of the
American system of protection and the cod
tinuance of a sounl system of finance is
Infinitely more important to West Virginia
than any other political question that could
engage their attention. [Applause.] Patriot
ism is paramount, and the people's welfare and
their country's honoi are the supreme and
overmastering issues commanding the atten
tion of both North and South. [Great ap
plause.] It you continue to advance in the
next twenty years as you advanced from 1870
to 1890, you can only hope to do it under a
system which encourages home industry and
give 6 steady employment to willing hands at
remunerative wages. [Tremendous cheering
aud cries of "Hurrah ior McKinley!"] Strive
for a fuller development of your industries;
build up a greater and more profitable home
market for the products of your farms;
advance a ways that prosperity which enables
the employer to pay the highest scale
of wages to the workingmen of America— not
the lowest. [Cheers.] Exalt the character of
your labor. Never degrade it. Promote that
comfort and contentment at home which con
duces to good citizenship, good morals and
good order. Btand up for America and
America will stand up for you. [Great ap
plause and cries of "Hurrah for McKinley!"]
Restore the principle in our constitution
which gave us prosperity. [Cries of "That's
right."] Keep the credit of the Government
untarnished above all else. [Applause.] Keep
the currency up to the highest standard of.
civilired nations. (Renewed applause.] No
nation of the world must have better money
than we have, and no nation of the world has
better money than we have. [Great cheering.]
And it is no reflection either upon our honor
or indepencence that we refuse to adopt the
financial policy of China or Mexico. [Re
newed cheering.] Let us have neither free
trade nor free silver. [Cries of "We won't."]
Work and wages have been cut in two, and we
spurn the same experiment on the money in
which they are paid. [Loud applause and
cries of "Hurrah for McKinley !"J
We want the same good money in the future
that we have had since Jannary 1, 1879, and
that we intend to have. [Cries of "That's
right!"] We want honest dollars, and intend,
like honest people, to pay our honest debts
with them — Government and people. [Cheers.]
Our great ne«d now is a chance to earn these
honest dollars by honest work at home, and
let us do our work in the United States. [Re
newed apolause.] And then there will not be
an idle man beneath our flag. [Continued ap
plause and cries of "Hurrah for McKinley!"]
fcuch is the policy, newspaper men and friends,
that I bid you most zealously urge for the great
good of the people of West Virginia and the ul
timate good of all the people. [Cheers. ]
Major McKinley was charmed with the
visit and was most cordial in his personal
meetings with his West Virginia guests.
•'Major McKinley's speech," said Hon.
A. B. White, secretary of the Republican
committee of West Virginia, "will be of
untold service to the Republicans in our
State. It is a message freighted with in
formation and wisdom. It will add to our
strength in every community. It shows
our people how great is their interest in
protection and makes clear to them that
their material prosperity depends upon
the success of the Republican party. We
are gaining ground every day in West
Virginia and we are working and lighting
hard every day."
The editors returned to Wheeling this
evening, there to separate and go to their
respective homes. Some of them traveled
nearly 400 miles to call on Maior McKinley
to-day.
CHAIRMAX J/.i.VAj COMING.
So All Reports of the Worh Will Be
Heady for Inspection.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. I.— Chairman
Hanna is expected to arrive in Chicago
on Friaay and a general rounding-up is
going on in the different States and
counties with the idea of having as close
estimates and reports of the progress of
the work as can be obtained ready for his
inspection. These reports will "begin to
arrive at headquarters in a day or two.
Meanwhile the National headquarters is
bein% flooded with requests for sound
monty aud tariff literature and the work
of filling these requests and preparing
editorial and other matter for the country
press keeps the immense force in the
Auditorium busily engaged.
A letter from Hon. R. C. Kerens, Na
tional Committeeman frum Missouri, wiio
has just returned to New York from a
visit to West Virginia, where he has large
property interests, brought cheering news.
Mr. Kerens writes that the Republican
organization in West Virginia is in per
fect order and that everything looks
bright for the success of the Republican
ticket.
XEBK^sKa JtAXKS FAIL.
The Collapse of One Causes the Closing
of Another.
BEATRICE, Nebb., Sept. I.— The First
National Bank, the oldest institution of
the kind in the city and supposedly one of
the strongest in the State, voluntarily
closed its doors this afternoon immedi
ately following a meeting of the board of
directors. Its closing caused much sur
prise. The capital stock of the bank is
$100,000 and surplus and undivided profits
159,000. It is officered by J. E. Smith as
president and S. C. Smith as cashier, and
thesn gentlemen own over $65,000 of the
stock. The liability of the Uant is $110,
-000 and the assets are placed at $250,000.
The closing of the bank carries with it the
Beatrice Savings Bank, a State institu
tion, with a paid up capital of $25,000 and
a surplus of $10,000. Its deposits amount
to $290,000. The failure is due to a variety
of causes, largely the result of the prevail
ing financial stringency and three succes
sive crop failures. The Smith brothers
stand high as business men and an at
tempt will be made to reorganize. Thus
far the other banks have not been affected.
Death of a A'ttcspaper Vtrner.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., Sept. I.—
Charles E. Warburton, proprietor of the
Philadelphia Evening Telegraph, was
found dead in bed in his room at the Gar
den Hotel this morning. Mr. Warburton
was til years of age and had been afflicted
with heart trouble for some time. A son,
Barclay H. Warburton, the publisher of
the Telegraph, and a daughter, Mrs. W.
Howard Pancoast, survive him.
NEW TO-DAT.
The Banner Suit. .
Our $9.95 Men's Suit is at the head of
the procession ; and it carries its honors well.
A Native Son celebrating Admission
Day in one of our California-made suits is a
worthy example of State pride and a fit
tribute to the progress and prosperity of the
Golden West.
Made in the latest style of the best
Cheviots, Cassimeres and Scotch Tweeds,
always the equal and generally the superior
of suits sold in retail stores for $15 and $18.
But our price is the wholesale factory price—
nine ninety-five.
Columbian Woolen Mills
(S. N. WOOD & CO.),
MARKET 54| STREET.
BIG GAINS
IN VERMONT
Republicans Secure Greater
Victories Than Were
Expected.
THE MAJORITY FIGURED
AT 37,000.
Grout Chosen Governor by an
Overwhelming Majority, to
Say the Least
DEMOCRATS BADLY ROUTED IN
ALL SECTIONS.
This Election Considered an Indication
of How the Country Will Go
in November.
WHITE RIVER JUNCTION, Vt.. Bept.
L — The State election in Vermont to-day
was favored with excellent weather, and
as a result the total vote was largely in
excess of that cast four years ago, and the
Republican majority is increased beyond
the hopes of the most sangnina claims of
that party, being figured on a percentage
basis as something like 37,000 against 17,
-956 in 1892.
The latest returns show increased gains
in the Legislature, although the returns
are not yet complete. The indications
are that in a total of 244 members of the
lower House not more than a dozen will
be Democrats. The Senate will be com
posed entirely of Republicans.
Returns from 150 towns give Grout (R.)
36.833; Jackson (D.), 10,214; Battell(Pop.),
498; Whittemore<Pro.), 462. Grout's plu
rality, 26.66 D; majority over all, 25,709.
The same towns in 1892 gave Fuller (R.)
26.964, Smalley (D.) 13,623; all others, 1123.
The Republican gain in these towns is
9919 or 33 per cent, whereas the Demo
cratic vote shows a loss of 3049 or 25 per
cent.
The combined Populist, Prohibition and
scattering vote is less than in 1892.
ST. ALBANS, Vt., Sept. I.— Chairman
Morrill of the Republican State Commit
tee has issued a final bulletin for 230 out
of 245 towns, claiming a Republican ma
jority of 37,824.
The remaining towns in 1894 gave a Re
publican majority of 1101, and with this
majority added Mr. Morrill figures a
majority of 39,000 for the head of the
ticket.
COLUMBUS (Ohio), Sept. I.— Mr. Bryan
was shown the latest bulletins from Ver
mont giving the election returns, just be
fore he retired. He declined to talk.
TO VJSITJti lßlmlX FACTIONS.
A Great Convention of Representative
Men Optus at Dublin.
DUBLIN, Ireland, Sept. I.— The great
convention of representatives of the Irish
race, summoned with a view to affording
an opportunity to all who desire to see
unity restored among the Irish National
ists, to come together and formulate a
platform in support of which Irish Nation
ists throughout the world may act to
gether, was openea in T^inster Hall at .
noon to-day. Fully 20t0 delegates were
present, including representatives from
Great Britain and Ireland, the United
States, Canada, Australia and South
Africa.
Right Rev. Patrick O'Donnell, Bishop
of Raphoe, was elected permanent chair
man. The Healeyites and Parnellites
took no part in the convention, holding
themselves entirely aloof from the gather
ing. Resolutions were passed favoring
the reconstruction of a united Irish party,
bound together in home rule ranks and
disciplined under the rule of the majority.
34
OPENING DAY AT
THE STATE FAIR,
Crowds Visit the Pavilion
to View an Array
. of Exhibits.
FRUIT, COLOR AND ART.
The Displays More Numerous
and Extensive Than
Ever Before.
GROUPED IN UNIQUE DESIGNS.
Exposition Hall Clothed in Gay Decor
ations and Brilliantly
Il'uminated.
BACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. I.— The
J>tate Fair opened to-day. This afternoon
ell the talk yras horse, and nearly all the
street cars in the capitol city ran to the
Jrace track. To-night all the street cars
xan to the pavilion, and all the talk was
of exhibits. The racetrack and pavilion
are now the common destination of the
crowds that are daily growing larger.
Everybody who went anywhere in par
ticular to-night wended his way to the
exposition building, which is another
name for the pavilion. In the vast space
of this building every inch of room is
taken. There never was anything like it
before in the history of the State Agri
cultural Society. The space is not all
quite covered yet, neither is the sound of
the hammer and the hoarse rasp of the
tip-saw entirely hushed, but before an
other day or two are passed all exhibits
■will be standine forth complete in the
beauty of their design.
Coming down to figures, the finishing
touches have been put on fully 95 per cent
of the exhibits. Long curtains still sur
round some of the exhibits, awaiting the
last artistic ornaments. These served to
increase tae attention and curiosity of
spectators to-night. Groups of people
■tood before blank walls of red and white,
heard the murmur of voices behind them
and wondered with more than ordinary
curiosity what was inside. A glimpse
now and then indicated that when the
curtains do drop the spectacle will be
•worth coming again to see.
Visitors are coming in by every train.
The fair will remain open nearly three
■weeks, instead of two weeks, as in former
years. Exhibitors are proverbially slow
in getting ready for the opening day, ow
ing to the fact that a large crowd is, as a
rule, not in attendance on that day, but
this year the pavilion is further along on
opening day than it has ever been before.
This morning the art gallery was chaos,
paved with scattered pictures and rough
boxes. To-night the works of art were
hanging in beautiful array and order on
the walls, under the rays of aceteline gas,
the powerful new illuminator whose Dirth
place was the brain of a Boston genius. In
all there are about 500 pictures, embracing
all descriptions of art on canvas, from
fruit and landscapes and studies in what
Trilby would call "the altogether" down
to many admirable pen sketches by news
paper artists. The newspaper artists'
sketches excite curiosity more than a
study in oil and water colors, and there is
always a crowd before this rennaissance of
the pen applied to current events.
The art gallery is one of the principal
features of the fair. One may step from
the inspection of livestock and blooded
horses to a contemplation of the works of
the old masters. There are not very many
large canvases, but there is not a picture
in the entire collection that has ever been
on the walls before. It is a compliment to
Ban Francisco art and artists to say that
most of the loans are from that City and
irom artists both at home and abroad. A
novelty introduced this year is sketches
ircm the studios of well-known artists
•which were made from nature, and from
which larger and more ambitious works
•were produced. This collection includes
clever fragments from Jouillin, Stanton,
Robinson, Pages, Peixotto, Martinez and
others. There are also new Yosemite pic
tures from the brush of Thomas Hill.
Among the other clever ones whose
■work adorns the walls are Jules Tavernier,
Eva Withrow, Alice Chittenden, Henry
Roschen, C. D. Robinson, Joe D. Strong
and Miss May Hinkson. A large Egyp
tian scene, with a vista of a ruined palace,
pyramids, sphinxes and obelisks, serves
as a sort of background for the array of
pictures.
The scene from the main entrance of
the; pavilion is one of spectacular beauty.
The galleries are draped in green and the
other predominating colors are blue, red
and yellow, with here and there a strip or
an expanse of white. The flags and ban
ners, together with the main colors of all
States of the Union and all nations and
principalities of the Old World, hang
from the lofty roof or adorn the walls.
Great draperies of color also hang from
the rafters, and the pinnacles of some of
the taller exhiDits are lost in the clouds of
flags and festoons. Much in evidence are
the bear flag and "Old Glory." C ,er the
entire main floor there is a sky of varia
gated colors.
The first thing that confronts the spec
tator on entering the pavilion is the
shapely figures of horses, harnessed to
carriages or standing alone. They seem
to have come down from the racetrack
and to stand as the head of a procession of
immovable displays. Directly in front is
an obelisk of light, a tower of electricity
•which extends upward into the canopy of
color. Surmounting it in brieht yellow
bulbs are the letters "8. E. G. and Ry.
Co." — Sactamento Electric, Gas and Rail
way Company.
This tower tops a beautiful pagoda
which has been erected by the company in
the center-of the main floor, in which are
displayed cooking utensils and other ap
pliances illustrating the practical or do
mestic uses to which electricity may be
put. The company furnishes the entire
electric power for Sacramento, and the
people here give it credit for inaugurating
a new era in the history of the capital
city — an era of comparatively cheap man
ufacturing. On one side of the tali black
column are the words in glowing electric
letters: "Let there be light," and on the
opposite side the names, ''Edison, Teslar,
Thompson and Franklin."
To the left is Machinery Hall, with its
ratue and whirr, and off to the right the
first thing that catches the eye is a bril
liantly illuminated arch of fruit.
The semi-circle is composed of hand
some glass jars of preserved fruit, and
across the top of the. arch is an electric
flap, the red, white and blue portrayed in
incandescent electric bulbs, even to the
forty-five white stars on a field of blue.
This arch spans the entrance to the great
wing of the main building, in which is
located the department of horticulture
and viticulture. This is one of the most
beautiful departments of the fair. It is
also deliciously romantic.
In order to offset the difficulty of keep
ing perishable and delicate fruits during
the entire fair, there will be a special ex
hibit of peaches, nectarines, plums, prunes
and figs during the second week of the fair.
Down a wide center aisle and at the far
The Interior of the Exposition Pavilion at Sacramento, With Its Crowds of Sightseers, on the Opening
Night of .the State Fair.
ther end of the .main view, Cassasa's Band
occupies a beautiful white band-stand.
There was a crowd around the band-stand
all evening, and from the galleries many
faces looked down upon it.
To the ri<iht oi the main aisle is a sylvan
retreat, with many pretty nooks, con
structed by a florist. In the center is a
j large fountain and a pond. The main
, floor is stacked with all manner of hand
-1 some booths and exhibits, and in the gal
! leries, which extend around the entire
i building, are as many more.
Some idea of the extent of the exhibits
of the fair may be had from the following
classification; First department — live
stock; second department — machinery,
implements, etc.; third department — tex
tile fabrics (mill and domestic products),
and juvenile exhibit; fourth depart
ment — mechanical products and California
inventions, designs, etc.* hfth depart
ment — dairy products and dairy utensils:
sixth department — horticultural products;
seventh department — viticulture; eighth
department — agricultural products; ninth
department— fine arts, etc.
SUMMIT TRAIN WRECK,
One Man Killed and Two Badly
Injured Through a Brake
man's Error.
Box Cars and Caboose Derailed £y
Throwing a Switch Before They
Had Passed Over It
SUMMIT, Cal., Bept. I.— As freight
trjjin No. 9 was approaching Summit last
evening, through the error of a brake
man, a life was sacrificed and two human
beings seriously injured. Train 9 had
orders to meet tram 8 at Summit, and No.
9 being eastbound and what is termed in
railroad parlance, an inferior train, had
to take a siding. The switch was thrown
by a brakeman, but the fatal error was
made by replacing the switch before all
the train had cleared the main line. Two
box cars and a caboose still remained,
and both cars and caboose left the track,
the cars being thrown crosswise, blocking
the main line.
Wrecking crews were summoned from
Truckee, and the Summit section crew
was ushered into service. Train 4, car
rying European mail, would soon reach
Summit, and tne brakemen labored hero
cly to clear the wreck so as to cause her
little or no damage.
Thomas Casey, a laborer, was working
near one of the large posts which support
the snowsheds when, without a moment's
warning, the huge piece of timber,
loosened by the derailed cars, fell upon
his head, breaking his Bkull and laying
part of the brain bare. Another end of
the post struck two others, an Italian
named Pasquala and an American named
James Haegerty. Both are seriously in
jured, and even should they recover, they
will be disfigured for life. A special train
was dispatched with the unfortunate men
to the railroad hospital at Sacramento.
A telegram received to-day says Casey
died without retraining consciousness.
Pasquuia's wife reached Summit from
her homo In Italy a few hours alter the
accident occurred. She had not seen her
husband for nearly three years, and when
she was apprised of the accident and
realized that he was maimed and scarred
for life she went into hysterics. Attempts
to parity her were of no avail, and she was
6ent to Sacramento on the next train.
The accident did not daunt the workers
who had escaped it. The track was rapidly
cleared and the European mail passed
through on schedule time.
LOS ANGELES MjEX IDLE.
Railway Employes Retired in the Interest
of Economy.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. L—Consid
erable feeling has been aroused here over
the numerous retirements made yesterday
in departments of local railroad circles.
The only explanation vouchsafed so far
for this widespread and unexpected cut
off of employes is that of retrenchment.
The Terminal road has cut its operating
expenses nearly half. The Southern Cali
fornia and the Southern Pacific are em
ploying barely enough men to ieep their
roids in order and their rolling-stock
moving. The shops are thorthanded.
A prominent railroad man said this
morning: "None of the roads have been
making money this summer. In fact, I
believe if the truth were known the rail
roads in Southern California have been
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1896.
losing money. There is not much likeli
hood of a better condition of things until
after the election, and the roads are forced
to retrenchment. I know that a number
of employes got vacations without salary
rather than be laid off. 1 should not be
surprised if there was another cut at the
end of this month."
m
INTRENCHED IN SKELETON PASS
Arizona Bandits Are Gathering in Num-
bers Preparatory to Making Another
Bold Raid.
NOGALES, Ariz., Sept. I.— The Nogales
bank raiders have separated since the day
they killed Customs Inspector Frank
Robson in Skeleton Canyon, August 12.
Three went back to Mexico and two re
mained at Skeleton Canyon and vicinity,
where they were joined by more of the
Bang, which is known to consist of fourteen
persons, though but five were concerned
in the attempted banK robbery at Noeales.
United States Marshal Hall of New Mexico
and a posse with two companies of United
States troops are after those robbers who
remained in Skeleton Canyon, and ex-
Sheriff John Slaughter has a posse of ten
picked men after the three who returned
to Mexico. Customs Inspector Sam King,
who returned to Bisbee for ammunition
tor the posse, writes to Collector Webb
from that port as follows:
Bisbkb, A. T., Aug. 81. 1896.
SamC. Webb, Collector of Cuttoms— Sib: The
robbers, headed by Tom Anderson, are again
In the United States, In Swisshelm Mountains
and are going toward Skeleton Canyon, where
they expect to Join other members of the
gang. Anderson told a friend of mine yester
day that wneii they join the others there will
be ten jnen in the gang, and they expect to
make a haul 6oon, as all are practically
broke. I will meet the posse to-night at San
Bernardino ranch, sixty-five miles from here
and we will take up the trail again to-morrow
morning. The route taken by the robbers is
so rough and rocky and there has been no
much rain that trailing is very difficult. The
robbers gave it out that they are not to be
taken alive. Respectfully, sax King
A well-known mining man arrived late
last night from the Arispe Mining District,
near the Ojo Mountains, He says the
robbers pursued by Slaughter and posse
gave a dance at the Mexicana mine, sixty
five miles from Nogales, last Friday night.
They announced that the dance wa3 given
to celebrate the killing of Robson, one of
the pursuers. All the Mexicans were at the
mine, but one sent word to Slaughter,who
was then ten miles away, but by the time
he reached there the robbers had left for
the United States. If Slaughter overtakes
the gang there will be a lively fight, for
his posse consists of ten of the best gun
fighters in this country.
LORDSBURG, N. Mex., Sept. 1. — The
Deputy United State* Marshals, who have
been leading the troops in the chase after
the postoffice robbers in the Skeleton Can
yon country, came in this evening. They
report that General Wheaton ordered the
troops back to Fort Bayard. Deputy Mar
shal Loomis picked up a couple of cattle
smugglers and brought them in. He in
tends to go back after the outlaws. There
is quite a difference between the action of
the authorities at Washington in iß94and in
1896. Two years ago the troops were fairly
forced upon the New Mexico Marshal to
help him guard the railroad property from
the strikers. Now th,ey are grudgingly
allowed to take the field to help arrest
desperate men, and are withdrawn at the
first opportunity.
RESJOXATIOXS AT WHITTIKB.
All of the Old Corps of Attache* Bare
Aou> Withdrawn.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. I.— The
latest report from the State Reform School
atWhittier is that three more resignations
have been tendered to the Board of Trus
tees. One is that of Miss Minnie King,
the bead housekeeper of the institu
tion. Miss King was one of the oldest
officers in line of service in the school,
and will be greatly missed. She is now
tilling the position made vacant by the
retirement of Miss Olmstead as principal,
but will quit the institution. The other
resignations are those of Miss Anna
O'Hara, the tailoress of the school; Miss
Clara Venable, dressmaker, and John
Longfellow, the painter. These, with
former retirements and resignations,
leave the institution minus all of the old
officers.
Del Xorte Murderer Caught.
GRANTB PABS, Oh., Sept. I.— The al
leged slayer of Charlie Perry has been ar
rested by Sheriff Fred Ferguson of Del
Norte County, California, and lodged in
jail. His name is Melson, not Nealson, as
at lirst reported. An inquest was held at
Payne, Or., near Waldo, and the Coro
ner's jury brought in a verdict of willful
murder against him.
BACK TO WORK
AT STANFORD.
Students and Instructors
Return From Their
Vacations.
MANY NEW FACES SEEN
Five Hundred Freshmsn Will
Be Enrolled for the
Year.
POLITICS ON THE CAMPUS.
Republican and Democratic Clubs
Will Wage a Vigorous
Campaign.
STANFORD UN IVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
i 1. — The students and professors have al
most all returned from their summer vaca
tion for the university work, which begins
on Friday. There will be about 500 men
in tne freshman clasr this year, and it is
expected that the total enrollment will
reach 1200. Dr. Jordan has not yet re
turned from Alaska, and will not be on
the campus until the 4th of October. He
will immediately leave for the* East to
make the report of the Bering Sea Com
mission, of which he is chairman. Dr.
Stillman will be acting president of the
university in his absence.
Professor Price of the zoology depart
ment and Professor McFarland of the
physiology department have returned from
Europe, where they have been studying
for the past year, and will take the places
of Professors Green and Heath, who go to
Cornell for a year's work. The law de
partment has been strengthened by the
addition of Professor 9. J. Polley, and sev
eral other minor changes have been made
in the faculty.
There is a great deal of excitement
among the students over the coming elec
tion and the political cauldron is boiling
right merrily. Both the McKinley club
and tbe Democratic club are strong in
numbers ana well organized. The Repub
lican organization numbers over 800 mem
bers, with John Marion Switzer president
and William H. Irwin, editor of the Daily
Palo Alto, vice-president. The club is
very active and boasts of a marching corps
of over a hundred members. When Wil
liam J. Bryan spoke to the students la?t
spring he made" many friends and he is
now receiving enthusiastic support. The
campaign at the university will doubtless
be a hot one.
A proposition has been made to the
student body to make one of the days of
the county fair at San Jose, to be held the
latter part of the month, a Stanford day,
as was done at the rose carnival last
spring. The proposition will doubtless be
accepted.
STAFFORD'S MEW COACH.
Cross' Record at Football on Eastern
Gridirons,
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
I.— Captain Charles M. > Fickert of the
varsity arrived on the campus last night
and is looking over the field to-day to see
what material there is to be developed in
the freshmen and meeting the old men,
almost all of whom are back. The old
players who were seen on the campus to
day are Fickert, Dole, Carl, Cotton, Jeffs,
Thomas, Mclntosh, Freeman, Wilbur and
Soper. The latter two men have been in
training here during the entire summer.
Soper will make a hard try for fullback.
Freeman, the tennis r champion, baseball
man and all-round athlete, will also try
for this position. When Walter Camp
saw Freeman play here last year he pre
■ dieted a football future for him, but it re
mains to be seen whether he will justify
tbe great coach's compliment.
Captain Fickert has not yet got things
into such shape that he can define the
line-up or tell just what material he has
on hand. Talking with a Call corre
spondent to-day he said: "The work of
| tbe men will begin in about three weeks.
I I intend to put the men into the gymna
sium ana take them on long runs for
several days before the practice begins.
So far as I can see now, I think there will
be more men trying for football honors
this year than ever before, and there were
about sixty men last year. I may move
out to tackle this year to make room for
some of the many heavy men who are
candidates for puard.
"Yes, Cross of Yale will be our coach.
He comes recommended by onr old favor
ite, Mr. Camp, and will doubtless be a
good man to put fire into the boys. Mr.
Camp mentioned Cross for a coacn when
we were at Woodside last year, and most
of tne men knew who was to be the coach.
Cross made his reputation as a player
against Stillman, the great Yale center,
and is the only man who ever held Heffle
finger. He will undoubtedly give good
satisfaction as a coach.
"I cannot yet place the men. It has
been suggested oy one of the city papers
that Cotton would play quarter. He likes
this old position at end and will probably
play there. Mclntosh is heavier than
last year, and ought to make a hard fight
for quarter. These are, however, but
speculations; it is too soon to make any
definite statements aa to the positions.
We cannot tell what will develop in the
freshmen or elsewhere. Merit will win on
the varsity, and I shall insist upon a rigid
observance of practice and training rules."
OPPOSE JiRIAA AND SILVER.
i Sound- Money Democrats to Organize at
"Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. I.— The
following self-explanatory circular is be
ing sent out by the sound-money Demo
crats of this city:
It is proposed to establish a Bound-money
Democratic Club in Los Angeles, which shall
contatn in its membership all Democrats who
are opposed to the free-silver idea and who
do not intend to vote for Mr. Bryan for Presi
dent.
The object of the clnb is to promulgate
sound-money sentiment from a Democratic
point of view, to encourage the doubtful voter
who dreeds to leave his party, and to uphold
for ourselves at least the ancient and honora
ble standard of patriotic Democracy. Thie
circular is sent to all whose names are sug
gested lor membership in the club. It is not
intended that membership should cost much,
either in time or mouey. The onlyrequije
ment is a fee of ifl initiation, when the name
is entered. Remember that the presence of
your name on the list may serve as an encour
agement to cAers. and if your sentiment is
with the movement send in your name. It
docs not matter for whom you Intend to vote,
except that you will not support Mr. Bryan.
Send your name to the Sound-money Demo
cratic Club room, 91 Bryson block. Please sug
gest any outher names that may occur to you.
Will a. Harril,
Charles Formam,
J. J. Byrne,
C. D. Milliard,
J. A. Graves.
J. M. Ellioct,
WIU.OUGHBY KODMAK,
Percy R. Wilson,
Committee on Organization.
Fresno Campaign Opened.
FRESNO, Cal., Sept. I.— Tne Repub
lican campaign in Fresno County was
opened to-night with an address by Judge
R. B. Carpenter to an audience of 2000
people, at the Barton Opera-house. It
was a most auspicious beginning of the
campaign. Judge Carpenter's speech was
an excellent one. It was a strong, lucid
and convincing presentation of facts,
which enwrapped the hearers In strictest
attention. The meeting was presided over
by Senator A. J. Pedlar.
Found Among JLlantath Indian*.
EUREKA, Cal., Sept. L— William Me-
Urade, a young man who strayed from a
camp of hunters last January and became
lost in the thick timber, is reported to
have been recognized among a tribe of In
dians on the Klamath River. The father
of McGrade left to-day to investigate the
report. The young; stranger appears to
be in a demented state, and hides irom
•very white person he sees. All he re
members of his past life is that he was
lost and wandered for days without food.
Good Templars at Ferndale.
PERNDALE, Cal., Sept. I.— The North
ern District Lodge, L O. G. T., convened
to-day in annual session. All the lodges
were represented by delegates, and officers
were elected. Mrs. C. T. Milla of Fern
dale succeeds herself as district chief tem
plar. Mrs. E. G. Cnamberlain was elected
to represent the district at the Grand
Lodge session at Vallejo on October 8.
The officers were installed in the evening.
LIVELY POLITICS
IN THE SIXTH,
Silverites Arrayed Against
Both Patton and
Barlow.
AN ADDRESS TO VOTERS.
The American Bimetallic Party
Calls for Another Mass
Convention.
TWO UNSATISFACTORY RECORDS
A Third White Metal Candidate
Likely to Be Placed in the
Field.
Lob Anoei.es Office of The Call, )
328 South Broadway, >
Los Angeles, Cal., Sept. 1. )
At a meeting of the State Executive
Committee of the American Bimetallic
party of California, at 202 North Main
street, this afternoon, the following pre
amble and resolutions were adopted and
ordered mailed to the several bimetallic
and other free silver organizations
throughout California.
Whereas, The true silver Republicans of
California are loyally supporting William J.
Bryan for President of the United States, and
are justly entitled to recognition by every
sincere silver man; therefore, De it
Resolved, That it is the sense of this com
mittee that in the several Senatorial districts
of California, the State Senators to be elected
by the silver electors thereof, should be
pledged, if elected, to use all honorable means
to secure the election of one Democrat and one
Republican to succeed the present members
from California in the Senate of the United
States, and tnat the Senators io elected shall
favor the free and unlimited coinage of full
legal tender silver and gold at the ratio of 16
parts of silver to 1 of gold, without waiting
f Si, or depending upon, the action of any other
natirn.
Whereas, Widespread dissatisfaction exists
against the Democratic nominee for Congress
in the Sixth District, and whereas the Popu
list nominee in said district, Doing in 1892
elected by Democratic voles for Assemblyman,
aided one Thomas V. Cator in a scandal in
volving the election of a Democrat to the
United States Senate; and, whereas, no sin
cere Democrat can vote for Charles A. Barlow
nor true Populist support H. W. Patton, who
Is the protege of the Federal office holders
that in said district desperately sustained the
financial policy of the present Federal ad
ministration until it was repudiated by the
Democracy of the country; therefore, he it
Resolved, That it is the sense of this com
mittee that indignation meetings b© held In
the several counties of said district to protest
against the nomination of said candidates and
emphasize the determination of true silver
electors not to aid the election of a gold
standard Congressman by acceding to the
hasty and ill-advised nomination of said can
didates; and be it farther
Resolved, That the silver Republicans, Demo
crats and Populists of said district, in mass
meeting assembled, should nominate a candi
date for Congress who will command the
faithful support of the free-silver voters of said
district; and be it further
Resolved, That the proper State and Congres
sional district committees of the Democrats
and Populists in said district are hereby re
quested to suspend final action on said nomi
nations until said mass-meeting has been held;
and be it further
Retained, That copies of these resolutions be
mailed to the several silver Republican
leagues and silver organizations of Populists
and Democrat! in said district, and their co
operation is hereby respectfully solicited.
Alva Udell,
Secretary California Bimetallic League.
MENLO PARK REPUBLICANS
Permanent Organization of a McKinlty
and Hobart Club.
MENLO PARK, Cal., Sept. I.— Never
before in the history of the Republican
party of this place was so much enthusi
asm shown as was manifested at a meeting
held this evening. The permanent or
ganization of a McKinley and Hobart Club
was effected and the following officers
elected: President, John Mcßain; vice
presidents — E. L. Taylor, William Ham
merson, Joseph F. Greer, Charles Harkins,
A. W. Gales; Secretary, D. E. O'Keefe;
treasurer, Ernest Weingartner; sergeant
at-arms, William Wilson; executive com
mittee — James G. Mason, Charles Harkins,
D. E. O'Keefe.
John Mcßain on taking the chair was
heartily applauded. Among those who
signed tho roll are many of the wealthy
residents here, who have promised finan
cial assistance to the organization.- Sev
eral members addressed the club and
raised enthusiasm -to a high pitch. The
meeting to-night assures a big vote fo
McKinley in November.
LOTAZ TO HIS PARTY.
Though a Silverite, Senator Carter (fill
Supvort JUcKinley.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 1. — United
States Senator Thomas H. Carter of Mon
tana, ex-chairman of the National Repub
lican Committee, arrived in Seattle this
afternoon, being a guest of W. A. Under
wood, general counsel for ex- Receiver Bui- •
leigh of the North crn Pacific Railway.
The Montana Senator said his mission here
is one of a private business nature. He
appeared disinclined to talk politics,
though he stated that the chances for
Bryan carrying Montana were "undenia
bly good, as there are counties in the
State, it is claimed, that will hardly give
McKinley a vote."
Though an ardent believer in free
coinage of silver Senator Carter said he
would remain within the Republican
party and support McKinley. He leaves
for his home to-morrow. As to the result
of the National eiectioa Senator Carter
declined to express an opinion.
AS JOSE'S DEMOCRATIC JFEVI>
A Second Club Organized Untter the
Mam* of the Party Leaders.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. l.—A meeting
of the club that was instituted in response
to a call that was issued by the Demo
cratic Central Committee was held this
evening.
A report was received from the com
mittee on permanent organization and the
following permanent officers were elected •
President, T. A. Carroll; secretary, A. L."
Veuve; assistant secretary, Thomas Min
ahan; treasurer, R. j. Langford ;
sergeant -at - arms, Dennis McCartv
executive committee, C. M. Hatcher'
Alexander J Hart, G. Peirano, James
Tborpe, S. N. Rucker. Vice-presidents
were appointed to represent the various
townships, and arrangements were made
tor a similar club organization throughout
the county.
The committee on organization sug
gested that the club be called the Demo
cratic County Central Club. W. H.
Dwyer opposed this name, because of the
fact, as he stated, that another clnb had
been organized in Saa Jose and had ap- '
propriated that name. The club referred
to was that of which Leo B. Archer was
president and J. E. O'Conner secretary.
It was suggested by W. H. Dwyer that
the club should be named the Bryan and
Sewall Club of Santa Clara County. T. C.
Hogan strongly favored this. He said he
was opposed to the adoption of any name
that would in any manner cause the
club to be associated in the public mind
with the opposition organization.
"That so-called Democratic Club," said
Hogan, "is composed of men who are no
more Democrats than they are Prohibi
tionists. This club sbould not affiliate
with them in any way. They are men
who ro around every campaign with
long knives in their boots, ready to
use them upon any candidate who
refuses to give them promises of
fat positions, or who, after election, fail to
keep alleged promises to them. They are
always prepared to knife every man upon
the ticket, :tt any time, upon any pretext.
As I said before, we should not adopt any
name that would be liable to associate us
in any way in the public mind with that
organization. lam in favor of adopting
the name of the Bryan and Sewall Club of
Sarta Clara County."
This name was then adopted,, by a unan
imous vote. The following committee
was appointed to arrange for a meeting to
ratify the National ticket: S. IJ. Rucker,
Martin Murphy, T. C. Hogan, W. H.
Dwyer and T. A. Carroll. °The committee
was instructed to secure, if possible, D. M.
Delmas as a speaker.
lliAß.O'3 WARRIAQ dILVXRITES.
All Efforts for a Union »/ Forces flats
Ended in FaHure.
POCATELLO, Idaho, Sept. I.—Con
gressman Wilson left for, Denver this
morning, and Senator Dubois and party,
including members of the State Demo
cratic Advisory Board and J. G. Johnson,
of the Democratic committee, departed for
Boise City, to confer with the Populist
Central Committee.
Notning whatever was accomplished
here, the Democratic committee having
decided to see what action the Populists
would take at the meeting here. It wag
the desire to unite the silver forcea, irre
spective of party, but unless the Populists
would consent to undo the work of the
Boise convention the Democrats were pow
erless.
It is the desire of the Dubois faction to
have regular Democratic- Popuiist nomi
nees. Quarles of Lemhi County for Su
rreme Justice, and Storer of Bineham
County for Treasurer, withdrew, and Ed
ward Wilson and Tim Regan, irom the
ranks of silver Republicans, were placed in
their stead, but this would- not be listened
by the other parties. It is not likely that
any plan of fusion will be agreed upon.
WILL FISIT JUeKIJfIjWJ.
Southern California Republicans Plan-
ning an Emcuraion.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. I.— There
was an informal meeting at the Hotel Na
deau to-day by Republicans of Southern
California, relative to arranging for an ex
cursion to Canton, Ohio, to call on Major
McKinley, the Republican candidate for
the Presidency. The plan is to have the
visiting members representatives of the
wool interest, the fruit interest, the raisin
interest, the shipping interest, the agri
cultural interest, the livestock interest,
tbe manufacturing interest, the general
commercial interest, the railway interest,
the banking interest, the irrigation inter
est, the Nicaraguan canal, the mining in
terest and such other leading interests of
the S; ate as may have the desire and the
energy to be represented on such an ex
cursion.
J. It. Newberry acted as chairman of the
meeting. The excursionists are to supply
money for the visit. The chairman was
given time to complete the appointment
of a general committee of fourteen, and
when made up this committee will pro
ceed vigorously with the work of carrying
6ut its instructions.
Populintn at Santa Rosm.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. l.—A mass
convention of Populists was held here
to-day. Two resolutions were introduced
and passed, the first indorsing the action
of the Populist National Convention at St.
Louis and the second indorsing the fusion
plan. A primary election was called for
September 10, to elect 150 delegates to a
convention to be held in Healdsburg on
September 14.
Thomas V. Cator delivered an address,
which was well received, in which he re
viewed the events of the campaign and
expressed his entire satisfaction with the
outloofc.
In all the Japanese empire, with its pop
ulation of 37,000,000, it is estimated that
there are fewer than 10,000 paupers.
Is the light that will brine a gTe!F~b7K
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak body can be made. Hudyan is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmieaa
it is. You can pet it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Writ*
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator la tb«
most wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
has been indorsed by th 3 leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN Mops prematureness of the
discharge in tv e .. ry days. Cures LOST
MAMLOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous t-vitchin ;s of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It U
as cheap as any other remedy. *.r
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements. ' .:*:••"'
Prematureness means impotency in ! the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pec in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of sore*
producing germs. Tnen come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth, old sores and
tailing hair. You can save a trip to Hoc Springs
by using the great 80-day cure. Call or write for
30-day circulars. *
HUDSON MKUICAIi INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Murftet and Kills Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Redemption of Dupont-St. Bonds
TREASURER'S OFFICE, CITY AN 0 COUNTY
Aor San Francisco, September 2, 139tJ. / c
Holders of Dupont-street Bonds issued under an
act ol the state .Legislature entitled "An Act to
Authorize the Widening of Dupont Street, In the
City of Han Francisco," adopted. March 23, 1876,
are hereby notified that the undersigned will re-
ceive sealed proposals for the surrender of said
Bonds, as provided by .Section 13 of said act, at his
office in 'he new City Hall, Ban Francisco, until
12 o'clock noon of TUESDAYi September 15, 1898.
The amount to be applied to the redemption of
said Bonds is about ninety thousand dollars
($90,000). Bidders will state at .hat rate they
will surrender their Bonds for » payment, less
coupons due. No proposals above par will be con-
sidered. '
Bids to be indorsed ••Proposals for Surrender of
Dupont-st reet Bonds." a. c. WIDBER, .
--.;.. City ana County Treasurer.RACING BEGINS
AT SACRAMENTO,
Palita, the Daughter of Palo
Alto, Loses the Occi
dent Stake.
BEATEN BY SWEET ROSE
The Fleet Filly Found to Be
Suffering From Heart
Rupture.
BILLY G TAKES THE PACE.
The 2:40 Trotting Pnrse Easi'y An
nexed by Twilight in Straight
Heats.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. I.— Th«
opening day of the State Fair racing meet
was attended by a very light crowd, and
about all the five bookmakers in the bet
ting ring did was whittle and tell funny
stories to one another. However, opening
days at the fairs never were noticeable for
attracting big crowds, and everybody. pre
dicts success as the meeting ages. The
track management is perfect, and Super
intendent Joe Terry is entitled to great
credit for the splendid condition of the
£ark.
In *b* iu<J*«s' stand «rer« J. "W. Wilson,
@. f. de long W. I*. SSnSthews, with
A. B. Stemler, Harry Agne\sr and F. P.
tiowell holding the "clocks" in the timers'
etand. "W. P. McNair started the trotters
and pacers, and his splendid. wo?K with
the harness brigade was one at »he fea<?
$ures of the day's sport.
(Cassasa's big band of musicians', 'Sfho
ate great favorites in the Capitol City, .an-
Evened; the racing by popular Selections
(gnd fully maintained its high reputation.
The racing wen* off •srit&oWi ft,itc& ttS
t&ftalc. The winfeing bovsis vrere 1 : Sweet
tfCoße in the Occi dent stake for three-year
olds.- with a gross value of $1995; Billy G
in the 2:25 pace, and Twilight carried off
the laurels in the 2:40 trot.
The defeat of Pa lita, crack daughter of
the dead warrior Palo Alto, was the sensa
tion of the day. Tbe filly, which, was en
tered by the P»'o Alto stock farm, gained
a record of 2:16 as a two-year-old, and the
big breeding establishment's superintend
ent, Frank Covey, confidently expected
to trot down near 2:10 to-day, which opin
ion wap shared by Drivers Dustin and
Phippen. A prohibitive favorite in the
pools, selling for $20 with the other two
starters, Don Roberto and Sweet Rose,
bringing but $7. she took the first two
heats from Don Roberto in 2:25^—2:26^.
She captured the second heat with lit
tle to spare and the following heat
could dD no better than finish third.
In each of these heats the ribbons
had been held by Jo n Phippen, but in
the fourth beat James Dustin sat in the
bike, her apparent distressed condition
being inexplicable to Manager Covey. In
the fourth tieat she »gain finished third in
slow time, and in the succeeding heat was
eased up over a fnrlong irora the wire and
logged in. The filly was then allowed to
be drawn by the judges, and upon exami
nation by two veterinary sur.eons the
daughter of Palo Alto was pronounced to
be suffering from a rupture of the envelope
of tbe heart, and it was simply miracu
lous that she did not fall dead on the
track.
It is an ill wind, though, that blows no
body good. The last three heats were
taken off the reel in 2:30, 2:28^ and 2:34V£
by Sweet Rose, owned and driven by the
veteran driver, "Tom" Smith. Smith is
not overburdened with this world's goods,
and the victory ot his filly was a very pop
ular one, the gray-haired horseman beinpr
the recipient of quite an ovation. Walter
Maben made a bold bid for the rich stake
with Don Roberto, but the Sidney colt's
recent illness prevented him from making
a very strong argument.
Driver Tommy Keating continued his
all-conquering career with Billy G in the
2:25 pace. A field of seven "side-wind
ers" lined up, with the Keating & Win
phi p representative bringing $10, Nellie B
$9 and the field $3. In the first heat Keat
ing ;ook the pole from Palatine with the
favorite after passing th« half, and, never
pressed, won the heat with ease in 2:16.
Dictatus was second and Beach wood third.
The first choice experienced no difficulty
in taking the next two teatsand race in
2:l6}^ and 2:20. Nellie B was not on her
bes» behavior, breaking quite often, to her
backers' disgust.
The win of Twilight in the 2:40 trot was
another popular one. There were eight
ptaners, with the field celling favorite at
$10, Twilight going for $6 and the field $4.
Dennis Gannon held the reins over his
mare and placed the race to his credit in
straight heat?, the time for each heat be
ing 2:20& In the first heat Goldy wa*
the contending horse, and in the following
two the sturdy little Peter Jackson gave
the winner a bard rub.
The Occident trottin? races for foals 1893: heats
tbrer- in five; value $1995.
Bweet Hose. eh. f.. by Mamhrino Chief-
Daisy s (Smith) 3 3 111
Don Roberto, blk. c., Oy Sldnev (Maben 21•> 2•'
Palita, cli. f., by Palo Alto (Phippen and
Uustin) 1 1 3 '-t dr
Time, 12:261^ - 2 :26 V* - 2:28- 2:30-2:58% -
i 2:34 V-
Pacing-, 2:25 class, three In five, purse $800
Billy G, eh. g . by- Gaviotß-J-ssle (Keating). .1 1 l
Uictatus. eh. h..1).v Ked Wilke* (Day) 2 3 3
Beachwood. br m.. by silcwood (IIoilce8J.""3 ' > 2
Nellie B. b. m., by Christmas (Baker) "4 a 4
Ben 'rd, eh. g., by Tuckaboe (Whitney) .. 646
Lizzie X, eh. m. , by Illustrious ( Hoy) ....7 6 5
Palatine, eh. m., by lorn Benton (llennett)"s din
Time, 2:l«— 2:ltJVa-^:2O.
Trotting, 2:40 class, three in five, parse SHOO.
Twilight, b. m., by -Noonday, by Sidney (Oun
non) 11l
Peter Jackson, br. h., by Designer (Cecil). .. 32 2
Goldy, Ch. if. by Brigadier ( 1.-iff-rty} 266
Billurs. b. h., by Boydell (Davis and .More
house) 5 34
iert, b g., by riiamboul (.Caaey) « 6 »
Alia, br f., by Palo Alto (Du-tln a-d Phippen)4 4 5
Mlver Queen, b. in., by Sliver King (liogo
lOJin) dls.
Joe >-o->al, b. h., by Dexter Prince (Bay
leu) dls.
Tim«, 2:'_ > oy2-2:2oy,_2:2(U'i.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
Clubs- | Won. I Lost. |,^j r L
I LL'BS.
___^____^____^___— — I
Baltimore 75 34 .688
Cincinnati..... t-g . 41 .627
Cleveland 66 43 .606
Chicago 65 49 | 570
Boston .'• 60 50 .645
IMUBbare. ......'• 69 60 .541
Phliadeluhla 64 57 .486
Brooklyn 53 67 .481
New Y0rk..... s » 0 -46
Washington 44 65 .403
hi. Louis 35 75 .318
Xxiulevn.e *8 80 .259
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept.' l.— First game:
Washiiigtons, 7, 10. 4; Chicago*, 6. 7. 2. Bat
teries—Kings and McGuire; Bnggs and Dona
hue. Umpire^ — Sheridan.
Second game: Washingtons, 2, 9, 2; Chi
ctgos, 7, 10. 2. Batteries— McJames antl
Farrel'. ; Griffith and Donohue. Umpire—
Sheridan.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Sept. I.— Score: Phila
delphiae, 9, 13, 8; Cincinnatis, 6, 13, 1. JBat
teries—Orth and Boyle; Dwyer and Vaughn.
Umpire — Lyni'h.
BROOKLYN, S. V., Sept. I.— First game:
Br ..<• klyns— *i, 10, 0: St Louis -3, 53. Bat-
Ilnrp.r and Grim, Hurt nnti Murphy.
6 r-omlpame: Brooklyns— l, 5, 4; St. Louis—
8, 12 2. Batteries— Kennedy, Stein and Bur
ri.i; Breiteustein and McFarland. Umpire—
Emslie.
BALTIMORE, Md., Sept. I.— B&ltimores— 7,
12, 3; Piusburgs— G. 9, SL Batteiies— Hoffer
and R.ibtnson. Hughey and Sugden. Umpire —
Not civen.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. I.— First game:
New York:-— 2, 10, 3; Clevelands— ti, 7, 2. Bat
- Seymour and Wilson, Gappy and Zim
ni- r. Umpires — Hvndorson n.id Campbell.
Second fame: New York*— B, 9, 3; Cleve
lands—2, 11, 3. Batteries— Suliivan ami War
ner, Wallace and Zimmer. Umpires — Camp
bell ii nd Henderson.
BOSTON, Mash , Sept I.— First game: Bos
tons—lo, 11,4; Louisvilles— s,B. 3. Batteries—
Siivetts and Gauzel, Hill and Dexter. Umpire-
Hurst.
Second game: Bostons— s, 8, 2: Louisville!" —
7, 12, 5. Batteries— Yorrick, Sullivan and
Gimzel; Cunningham and Miller. Umpire—
Uurst.
OVER EASTERN COURSES.
.
Winner* at riertteuud fnrk. St. Louis and
Sheepthi nd IStii/.
NEW YORK. N. V., Sept. I.— A large crowd
was drawn to the grand circuit meeting at
Fleetwood Park so-dc.y. In the unfinished
2:25 pacing race Planet and Monopole, each
with two heats to his credit, were the only
starters. Planet was a hot favorite, and won
the deciding heat handily. Summaries:
Goodcheer stakes, $2000, pacing (postponed),
Planet won, Monopole second. Best time,
2:13%.
Blue Ribbon stakes, $2000, 2:15 class, pac
ing, Berkshire Courier won, Robert R second,
Royal Victor third. Best time. 2:11^.
Bpeedway stakes, §3000, 2:24. class, trotting,
Valence won, Belle G second, comuucho third.
Best time, 2:15.
Progressive stakes, $2000, 2:40 class, three
year-olds, trotting, Margaret won, Clega sec
ond, Cantlbille thiru. Best time, 2:2l}^.
•ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 1. — Seven furlongs,
Walnut Ridge won, Irish Chief second, Keech
ler third. Time, l:3o}£.
Six furlongs, Roundelay won, Hessen sec
ond, Hush third. Time, I:ls}<£
Five and a half furlongs, colonel Wheeler
wo Russell A second, Forsythe third. Time,
1:09.
One mile and twenty yards, Harry McCouch
won, Kamsin second, Amelia May third. Time,
1:42.
Mile and an eighth, Charlie McDonald won,
HotSpur second, Sycamore third. Time, l:s7f<£.
SHEEi'SHEAD .BAY, N. V., Sept. Five
fuilougs. Swamp Angel won, Ross 0 second,
Foy Cairuthers third. Time, 1:03.
Five furloncs, Scarf Pin won. Don Bias sec
ond, Hi Daddy third. Time, 1:02 2-5.
Six furlongs, Beldemere won, Rubicon sec
ond, Ben Ronald third. Time, 1:16.
Futurity course, Savarian won. The Friar
second, Salmak third. Time, 1 :10 1-5.
Mile *iid tbier-.ighths. Captive won, Re
quital second, Cassette third. Time, 2:22 4-5.
One mile and a furlong, Buckwa won, Ben
Edo second, Belmar third. Time, 1:55.
STUCKTON'S REGATTA.
*an Francisco Oamtnen Training to
Capture Frizes.
STOCKTON, (Sal., Sept* I—Chairman
Gransky -a* 4be Admission/ day regatta
«om2aitie« $©-<3ay Received -ft l>i£ts? i
from H. Pembroke of San Francisco, |
in which Pembroke assured Grunsky that I
great interest was being taken in the re- ]
gatta, and that the South End crew had
lengthened its stroke and was pulling in |
better form than ever. The Pioneers,
according to him, have decided to row the
race of their lives and even up old sore
with the South Ends.
The Ariel crew is in training, and Pem
broke advises the Giants of Stockton to
train faithfully if they expect to put the
nose of their barge across the line first in
the senior barge event.
In the senior outrigger skiff event there
will be six entries, and the veteran Pem
broke says it will be the last race he will
ever row in. William Coe of the Uni
versity of California will be one of the
participants in the junior race for outrig
ger skiffs.
There has been some difficulty between
the committee here and that in San Fran
cisco over the placing in tne programme
of tne senior barge race. The committee
here want it to be the last event on the
programme, as otherwise it will draw
largely from the bicycle races at Goodwater
Grove.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
The committee in San Francisco placed
it third on tbe list of events, but it is be
lieved that it will accede to the request of
the committee here when it learns lo what
extent this arrangement would interfere
with the receipts at the bicycle meet.
Vancouver Onrsmen in Front.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 1. — The
Vancouver Rowing Club's crew won the
four-oared junior race here to-day asainst
tne Portlands and Victorias. Portland
was but a half-length behind and finished
strong, while Vancouver's bow fainted on
crossing the line. The race was one of the
best ever witnessed here, and was seen by
12,000 people, who heartily cheered the
plucky young Portlanders.
Johnaon Outrow McDowell.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. L— ln the
amateur single scull championship race
to-day Robert Johnson of Vancouver won
from Dr. McDowell of Chicago after an
exciting contest over the two-mile course
by a half-length. Both men were in
splendid form. Twelve thousand people
witnessed the race.
SUN JOSE'S TAX LEVY
A Reduction of io Cents Under
That of the Previous
Year.
Eighteen Thousand Do lars Will Be
Saved to Taxpayers of
the City.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. I.— The Common
Council has fixed the city tax !evy for the
coming year at $1 25. This is 10 cents less
than last year, when the levy was $1 35.
In 1894 it was $1 40. It is estimated that
the tax levy for the Coming year will save
the taxpayers of the city about $18,000.
The total assessed valuation of property
in the city is $18,000,000 and the estimated
revenue this year will be about $225,000.
Last year the revenue was about $243,000.
The levy of $1 25 is apportioned among
the various funda as follows:
Street fund H6
ent-rai f.md 2'i
F refund 20
Library fund 02 4
Sinkliif fund 1^.5
Klver fund .1
IllKh school fund 05.5
Qeneral Mbeoi innd 13.5
Alum Kock fund 03.5
Bewerfmud 06
sinking and interest fund 07.5
EXTERPItISIXa fOUMVMEJf.
They Kick' a T*og Out of a Stable and
Th'n Make It a Captive.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 1. — Thomas
Gougb and A. B. F.ora, deputy poundmen,
were to-day convicted of petty larceny in
Justice Dwyer's court. Las^ Saturday the
men went into the Dexter stable and
kicitedaaog beionging to J. McKiernan
into the street, alter which tiiey catitrht
and impounded it. They will be sentenced
Saturday. The ca^e has attracted consid
erable attention, as similar complaints
have been made before against the pound
keeper's deputies.
PARKER WILL CONTEST.
Second Trial of the Action Begun in
Juiiae Itrynolttn' Court.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. I.— The second
trial of the contest of the will of George
H. Pirker, deceased, inaugurated by
Emma L. Parker, wid .w of Edward
Parker, a deceased son of testator, was
called in Judee Keyiioldn' court this
morning.
The first trial resulted in a disagree
ment, the jury standing seven in favor of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1896.
sustaining the will to five against it. The
contestant is represented by Arthur
Rodpers, N. Bowden and J. L. Robinson,
and D. M. Delmas, P. E. Spencer and D.
W. Burchard are attorneys for re
spondents.
An affidavit was presented by counsel
for Mrs. Parker alleging that during a
recent trip East she discovered witnesses
who denied makins such derogatory state
ments as to her character as they were
credited with in their depositions intro
ducec at the first trial. It was also alleged
that the respondents hail used money to
secure some of their evidence.
In the afternoon the attorneys for
respondents presented an affidavit deny
in? the facts set forth in the contestant's
affidavit. The motion for a continuance
was argued by Attorney Rodders for the
contestant and Mr. Delmas for the re
spondents. The arguments were not
concluded, and will be resumed in the
morning.
ARRESTED IN A PAWNSHOP.
A Supposed Burnt < r Attempt* to I>i»
poif of Sundry Article*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. I.— A man giv
ing the name of James Steward and claim
ing to hail from San Francisco was arrested
here this evening while trying to sell a
jackplane to one of the pawnshops in thia
city.
He was taken to the police station, and
when st aicbed there was tound a lady's
18-karat cold watch, with the monogram
"M. S." on the face of it; a gold beetle-
Din, containing a diamond about one-third
karat; six razors and a pair of cli{-r>ers.
The razors nnd clippers are the property
of Ford Hamblv, a baro-r, whose shop is
at 43 North Market street. Stewart is
about 21 years old and claims to hare
been a teamster in San Francisco.
Stole a Borse and Cart.
SAN JOSE, Cal., SeDt. I.— Charles
Yountz, an ex-hack driver of this city, was
brought back from San Francisco to-day
to answer to a charge of »;rand larceny.
About two months ago Yountz stole a
horse and cart belonging to M. F. Flack,
which he sold in San Francisco for a triv
ial sum. He was subsequently arrested
on a petty larceny charge in San Fran
cisco, and served a sentence of thirty days,
wnich expired yesterday.
Competing With the Railroad*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. I.— An unusual
sight on tbe streets of this city this after
noon was the arrival of six six-horse loads
of hay, consigned to Bennett Bros, from
Hollister. Each load consisted of two
wagons, containing about ten tons. Tae
wagons left Hoilister, a distance of forty
miles, yesterday morning. In hauling
hay this way a considerable saving is
made over railroad rates.
Fruit Shipprd JbuettC'.rA
BAK JOSEo Oal., Sept. I.— Th© fruit,
■shipping season is now fully opened, &nd
-OTfrlsnd shipments show a marked in
crease. Last week 1,995,510 pounds of
freight went forward. Of this green fruit
was the principal item, 1.194.510 pounds
! being shipped, of which 941,280 pounds
! were green pears. Canned-goods ship
ments were 155,370 pounds, and : dried
fruits 167,760 pounds.
IHurphy* Station Suicide.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Sept. I.— An unknown
man committed suici ie at Murphys sta
tion eariy this morning by shooting hiru
seif through the head. Nothing was found
on thp body by which the man could be
ident fie i. On the left arm were tattooed
the letters "J. R." The man was about
i 35 years of age, and had the appearance
j of a laborer.
SOCIALIST LABOR PARTY
Lectures by Bon. Frank J. Muraakey
and Several Other Prominent
Speakers.
Liberty branch of the Socialist Labor
party bas announced a lengthy and in
teresting series of lectures on social and
economic subjects at the Turk-street
Temple during the next three months.
The following programme has been pre
pared by the propaganda committee:
September 2, "Socialism as a Force in Social
Progress," Hon. Frank J. Muraslcey.
September 9, "Some Reasons Why I Am a
Sociaist," Rev. J. E. Scott.
September 16, "The Principles of Anarchy,"
Miss Jane A. Koulston.
September 23, "The Socialist Movement in
America," Seiefried Seller.
September 3o, "The Social Organism," Victor
L. O'Brien.
October 7, "The Socialism of Christ," Rev.
S. Goodenough.
October 14. "Social Education of the
Masses," Arthur H. Sanborn.
October 21, ''The New Government," Rev.
Franz King.
October 28, "Political Phuforms," Arnold
W. Liechti.
November 4, "Economics of the Labor Move
meui," P. Ross Martin.
November 11, "Statics and Dynamics! of
Socialism," James Andrew.
November 18, "Woman's Sphere In Social
Emancipation," Miss Anna Sirunsky.
November 25, "Social Conditions of the
Present and Possibilities of the Future," Bur
nette G. Hasksll.
December 2, "What Must We Do to Be
saved T" George Asp<ten.
December 9, "What Is Justice T" Henry
Warnecke.
December 16, "Order of Chaos," R A CoDe
lund. v
The lectures will take place every
"Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock in the
Turk-street Temple.
M'EWEN CALLED.
He Has Accepted a Position as Edi
torial Writer on the New York
Journal.
Arthur McEwen, one of the brightest
and best known of the newspaper writers
of California, left ihe City last evening for
New York. He goes there to fill a position
as editorial writer for Mr. Hearst's Journal.
Mr. ]McEwen is a very handy man about a
newspaper office, and has creditably filled
every piace from reporter and special
writer to rnana -ing editor.
When Mr. Hearst bought the Examiner
and changed it from an evening to a
morning paper, Mr. McEwen was one ot
the first of the local writers that he en
caged. The brilliant writer in dne time
b»came managing editor of that paper,
and added to his reputation for ability as
a journalist.
Mr. McEwen first gained distinction as
a newspaper man in Virginia City and
Gold Hill, Nevada, in San Francisco he
has been connected with the Chronicle,
Bulletin and Argonaut. He gained spec
ial recognition for a breezy weekly letter
io a syndicate of California papers, and
lost no prestige in conducting a small
weekly journal of his own, known as
McEwen's Letter.
Mr. McEwen is a genial, companionable
man, as well as a versatile and vigorous
writer, and should be able to hold his own
in the larj;e field of journalism to which
he goes.
Casln'K Jewelry.
The Pacific Marine Supply Company has filed
an answer aiul cross-complaint to the suit of
M. Casin to recover jewelry pledged ior the
safe return of the filibustering tug Barclay
Golden, which was to have curried the EzctiTa
to power and prosperity in Salvador.
The answer denius th*t the Jewelry is worth
more than $1000, ami the cross-corn plaint
askn for $3000 damages for the detention of
and injuritb to the tuir.
" ttoiney and Client.
Attornc\ U <-'-cc W. Hayford appeared in
Judge Conlnn'r < .":rt yesterday to answer to the
charge of felony embezzlement preierred by
Mrs. Susie Cunnintrham. Bryant street, one of
his clients. He was instructed aud arraign d,
pleaded not guilty and got a continuance till
Monday. The charge is that Hayford g0t. 5125
for some proper iy belonging to Mrs. Cunuiug
ham and failed to ai-eount Tor it to her.
Schuller Arraigned.
Norman Schuller, the young broker, ap
peared beiore Judge Conlan yesterday to an
bwer to the charge ot foreery. He was repre
sented by Attorney Charles P^ery. He was in
structed and arraigned and procured a con
tinuance till to-morrow.
IN THE LABOR UNIONS
The Local Shoemakers Working
in the Home Industry
Cause.
Journeymen Barbers Active in the
Early C osing Movement— For
Labor Day.
All of the trades unions are prenaringto |
participate in the Labor-day celebration j
on next Tuesday.
The Pacific Coast Shoemakers' Union
met last evening and decided to hold an
open meeting on Friday evening at 915J^
Market street. Representatives of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion and the shoe manufacturers * ill be
invited to be present. The object of the
gat erinn is to discuss ways and means of
exciting a general interestin theconsurup
tion of home products. The union has
sent the following declaration oi princi
ples to all of the manufactories in the shoe
line for their approval :
Gentlemen: The alarming developments of
Eastern competition entering into our line of
trade on this coait, unless checked and steps
taken for its abolition, will icevitablv leal to
the utter destruction and total annihilation of
our industry on this coast. It therefore be
hooves us as thp shoeworkins: fraternity of
this coast to become banded together through
the ties of organization an>l mutual agreement
to devise some means toward the attainment
of that end.
Therefore we, the organized ahoeworkers, do
hereby appeal to all our fellow-craftsmen to
co-operate with us in this battle, in which we
hope to come out victorious and make home
industry our watchword and the symbol of
prosperity. p*ace and contentment. Therefore
1 pledge my word to adopt the ioregointr prin
ciples and become a member of this organiza
tion.
The Journeymen Barbers' Union is
keeping up an active crusade in the inter
est of the early closing movement. The
active workers are rueeting with consider
able encouragement and many journey
man barbers are entering the un.ou. In
order that all may enter the ranks State
Organizer I. Les» has issued the follow
ing manifesto:
The object of this union is to better the con
dition of rhe barbers of our «.itv, namely : To
i>btain better prices for ourwoikso
neymen can get better wages; to aim to close
all fhops during week days at 8 o'clock p.m.,
Saturdays an.i evenings before holidays ex
cepted : to do away with all cheap, unsanitary
5c shops, which are a menace to our trade.
The dues are 50 cents per month, for which
metnbe'o are entitled in case of sickness to $5
per week; al»o in ca*« of death of a member
$50 is allowed to the deceased member's wife
or relatives.
A committee consisting of I. Less, C. H.
Bpencer, F. Hodjres and A. Lore.ntzen was
appointed to visit all the trade* unions in
the same cause. A committee was ap
pointed to arrange for an early closing
mass-meetiiig, lo be held next month. F.
Hodges resigned as president of the union
as he is going East to start in business
for himself. A. Lorentzen was elected to
fill the vacancy, and G. Barrett as vice
president to succeci Lorentzen.
PACIFIC MISSIONS.
The Annual Meeting of the Young
Woman's Missionary Board
To-Day.
The eleventh annual meeting of the
Young Ladies' Branch of the Woman's
Board of Missions of the Pacific, an organ
ization of the Congregational churches,
will be held to-day in Plymouth Congrega
tional Church, with morning, afternoon
and evening sessions.
The conference will open at 10:30 a. M.,
when the business — election of officers and
other routine work— will be transacted.
Those attending have been requested to
bring a basket-lunch, which will be served
at the close of the morning session.
The afternoon session will open at 2:30
o'clock, when the annual reports of the
officers will then be read, and Mrs. H. E.
Jewett and Miss Watkms ol Mexico will
give reports of their work in that country.
At the children's rally at 3:45 p. m. Miss
Gouidy, who has for many years served
faithfully as a missionary in Japan, will
address the meeting.
Supper will be served at 6 o'clock by the
ladies of the church in Plymouth Church
parlors.
A youne people's rally will be held at
7:45 o'clock in the evening. Children in
their native costume from India will par
ticipate in the evening service, and Rev.
James C. Perkins, a missionary from
India, will deliver an address on the good
work that missions have done toward
evangelizing India.
Dr. E. J. Chapman of Oakland will
speak on the work of missionaries, and
Charles M. Whitney, treasurer of the
Golden Gate Christian Endeavor Union,
will give a talE on the relation of Chris
tian Endeavorers to missionary worz.
During the evening the Plymouth choir
will render anthems and hymns and Mrs.
Martin Schultz will sing a solo.
»—» — * — •
VISITED THE LEPERS.
Father Conradi of the Sandwich Islands
Makes a Tour or Inspection of
the Pesthouse.
Father Conradi, whose devotion to the
welfare of the lepers in the Hawaiian Is
lands has made him beloved there and
well known the worid over, paid a visit to
the pesthouse yesterday to look over the
institution and examine into the condition
of the patients confined there.
He was particularly interested in the
white men at the institution, and be
asked them many questions as to their
treatment and also as to the effect of tbe
Goto cure for leprosy, which all are taking
at the present time.
AN INCORRIG IBLE BOY.
Willie Smith, Who Was Studying to Be
a Desperado, Is Arrested.
Willie Smith is 16 years of age, but he
looks more like 10. His mother lives at
211 State street, and she had him arrested
for vagrancy. He appeared beiore Judge
Campbell yesterday mornine, and his
mother ?aid she wanted him sent to the
Whittier Reform School, as he was a bad
boy. who ran away from home and refused
to bo to school. She was a widow, and had
no means of making him behave himself.
He spent his time reading dime novis,
and when arrested, three lurid publica
tions, a revolver and package of cigarettes
were found in his pockets.
Judge Campbell said he was sorry he
could not send Willie to tne Reform School
on a charge of vagrancy, and Mrs. Smitn
remembered that Willie, while she was
correcting him with a piece of wood in the
yard, seized a hatchet and tried to strike
her with it. The Judge advised her to
swear to a complaint charging Willie with
assault with a deadly weapon, and then he
would send him to the school. The com
plaint was sworn to, and Willie was booked
on the charge.
Civil Service Kxamlnntion.
Tbe Civil Service Commissioners at Wash
ington have ordered that a local examination
for the grades "I clerk.inspector, sampler, mes
senger, assistant weigher, watchman, opener
and packer aud foreman be held in the Ap
praisers building, October 10. Applicants for
examination must file their papers with Sec
retary Haskins not later than September 21. It
was first intended to hold this examination
in March, 1897, but the limited number of
aval able men has caused an entire change of
programme.
Fell Into the Hold.
Willlari Kelly, a longshoreman living at 335
Tehama street, fell into the hold of the steamer
Rio de Janeiro At the Pacific Mail dock yester
day afternoon. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, wnere it was found that tie was
nearly scalped. It took over thirty stitches
before the wound was dressed. The third fin
ger of his left hand wu also broken.
~^^-w-^^^__^^^^-w^_^_~-~^^.- — NEWJTO-DAT-DRT GOODS. __,_^ _^-_^^_-^
8^
£ Here are some of the Special=Price Opportunities that may 3
g never occur again. Here are the Best and Greatest Values for 3
§i less money than can be had in any other place. .If you want 3
i^ to make one dollar go for three don't miss the chance.
•£: ®®®®c#x
% WAIST SPECIALS.
ZZ At 39c. •
8^ Ladies' White Pleated Front Shirt
**•" Waists, turn-down collars, full cuffs,
«■>— some have very elaborate bosoms, all
«^- lHundrfed and ready to wear, worth
m— up to $1 50, special at 39c.
cy « tit -re
j^i Special at 75c.
gCT Ladies' All-wool Cloth Waists, soft-
folded Bilk collar with bows, folded
gT" waist belt, sleeves lined all through,
s^~ colors tan, , brown and navy blue,
g*~ worth $3.
8^ Special at 35c.
S^ Ladies'' Light Ground Fancy Duck
**""" House Jackets and Dressing Sacques,
S^= were 50. ■ •
•^ Special at 25c.
g^-; Boys' Percale Shirt Waists, sizes 4 to
5— 14 years, pearl buttons on front,
y— WOrth 50c. : -.» ."i":.-',:
§= EMBROIDERY
|EE SPECIALS.
y- Irish Point Embroideries, elaborate
j^~ Guipure work on firm strong cloti.
»— At 5c a yard, 1 to 3 inches wide.
SI At 7c a yard, 2 to3J4 inches wide.
»— At 8c a yard. 3 to 4 Inches wide.
TnZ At 9c a yard, 3J^ to 4% inches wide.
2l_ At 10c a yard, 4 to 5 inches wide.
g^- At 12c a yard, 5. t0 6 inches wide.
jfr At 15c a yard, « to 7 inches wide.
•— At 17c a yard, 7 to 8 inches wide.
j^~ At 19c n yurrt. 8 to 10 Inches wide.
*^- The above Embroideries are sold in
JSH ■trips of 5 yards «■•«>., none cut.
I? DOMESTIC SPECIALS
STZ Special at 6c.
Bleached Cotton Towels, 36x18 inches
■El Special at 10c.
g^: Bleached Linen Huck Towels, 40x20
«*— inches.
B^= Special at 21c.
Linen Table Damask, 56 inches wide.
SH Special at 15c.
•*— Wide Scotch Ginghams, in fancy
**— checks and plaids: regular value 25c.
8^ Special at 7kc.
JSL_ Cream Shaker Flannel, heavy quality
•£: Special at sc.
»- Fancy Striped and Checked Flannel-
-8t: ette.
«£= Special at lOc.
•»— German Eiderdown Flannel, very
B*~ heavy.
8^ Special at sc.
Fancy Shirred Wash Goods — floral de-
-99— signs and worth 12}-£c.
g~j Special atB^c.
g— White Dotted Swiss, different size dots
|= UNDERWEAR
IE SPECIALS.
S^ Special at lOc.
8^: Infants' Black Silk Vests, price re-
■^— duced from 40c. . 'N-r* ?
•£: Special at 25c.
J^l Misses' Scarlet Wool Under Pants,
€»— price reduced from 75c.
Special at 35c.
Boys' health-fleeced Vests and Draw-
»— era to match, price reduced from 75c.
•^E Special at 25c.
g^- Ladies' Black Lisle Swiss-ribbed Vests,
a>^ high neck, long sleeves, price reduced
g*— from 75c. . ..... ,
% CURTAIN~REMNANT
t^ SPECIALS.
■»— 500 Curtain Remnants, full widths,
8^ about 6 fe-.t long, just the thing for
•>— small windows, transoms, glass doors
8^- or "peek-a-boo" curtains. ':
0^ WpjgQpßs 0*
BIDS FOR THE ROOF.
New Tenders Opened by the Board of
New City Hall Commissioners
Yesterday.
The Board of New City Hall Commis
sioners opened bids yesterday for the con
struction of the City Hall roof under the
modified plans prepared by the architect.
The original bids were altogether too
high for the means at the command of the
commission, and wer*> rejected. They ran
irom $224,000 down to $178,000. Under the
modified plans it was expected the bids
would range from $30,000 to $60,000 lower,
and this belief was justified by the result,
the highest bid being $178,000 and the low
est, that of John J. O'Brien, about $129,
-000.
The bids will be acted on at tbe next
regular meeting.
SUED FOE MAINTENANCE.
Kenjamln F. Hurlclsnn Asked to Sup
port a Woman He Is Said to Have
Deserted.
Benjamin F. Hudelson has been sued
for maintenance by Millie Hudelson.
The complaint alleges that the parties
were married in Modesto, Stanislaus
County, in 1885, and tnat the husband de
serted the plaintiff in 1886 and has --ince
lived apart from her and failed to provide
for ner.
It is further alleged that the defendant
i.i in receipt of an income of over $250 per
month, wherefore is asked $125 per month
for the permanent support and mainten
ance of the plaintiff, and $500 for counsel
fe-s.
Reel B. Terry, who is counsel for the
plaintiff, says that his client was tbe
keeper of a notorious resort at the time
she married the defendant and went
under the name of Cora Webster. He says
that the marriage was one made by verbal
ugreemeni and consummated by a re«i
dence of eieht months, during which the
couple lived as man and wife upon a
chicken ranch at Big Oak Fl»t, forty-five
; miles from Modesto.
WRAP SPECIALS.
Special at $1.35.
Misses' and Children's Reefer Jackets, six-
button, shield front made of tan, navy or
mixed cloth and prettily braided.
Special at $1.95.
Misses' and Children's Gretchens, long
garments, made of . mixed cheviot, turn-
down collar, large sleeve, three rows of
braid around cape and collar.
Special at $3 50.
Ladles' Black Cheviot Jackets, full-pleated
back, bishop sleeve, box front, with fly
effect and ornamented In front with small
pearl buttons.
Special at $3.50.
Ladles' Double Capes, with full ripples,
maue of black clay diagonal, velvet collar,
all sizes.
NOTION SPECIALS.
Special at 2c Dozen.
Darning Cotton, on cards, any color, worth
5c a dozen.
Special at 2c.
Large size White Hook« *ts& gy**.®©* few, I
on card, worth 10c. lot 2c,
Special at lc
Smnll size Swan-bill White Hooks *od
Ere*, 2 doz. on card, worth Sc a card,
(or lc.
Special at sc.
Skirt Protecton, composed of A band of
rubber-cloth canvas, bound «t bottom with
velveteen, worth 25c, for sc.
Special at sc.
Stockinet Sleeve Shields, medium size,
worth lOc. ; ; .-; -i
Special at lOc.
White and Smoked Pearline Buttons, 28-
-line, worth 25c. --^ :.■:.;'
Special at sc.
Eureka Wheel Hair Crimpers, 12 on card,
worth 10c a card, for sc.
Special at sc.
Linen Thread, 200-yard spools, worth Be,
special at sc.
Special at sc.
Glace Dress Belting, black or white, 9-yard
pieces, for sc.
Special at 3c.
White and Colored Sateen-covered Dress
Steels, 7 and 8 inches, were lOc.
GLOVE SPECIALS.
Special at 75c.
Four-button Glace Kid Gloves, In black,
tan or brown, heavy silk-embroidered
backs, value $1.
Special at 85c.
Two-clasp Heavy Kid Gloves, for street
wear, new shades, ox blood and English
red, worth $1 50.
DOWNSTAIRS
SPECIALS.
Special at 15c.
Children's Colored Woven Twine School
Bags, large size, worth 25c.
Special at 10c.
Fancy Celluloid Photo Frames, cabinet
size, worth 25c.
Special at sc.
Large packages of Toilet Paper, 1000
sheets, worth 10c.
Special at 4c.
Large size Scratch Tablets, 400 ruled pages
Special at 15c. "•;.':•':
Tinted Papeterie— box containing 24 sheets
of fine paper and envelopes to match.
MARKET AND TAYLOR STREETS.
ASK RECOGNITION.
H. I. Kowalsky and Charles Forbes
Appear Before the Election Com-
mission iiK republicans.
H. I. Kowalsky and Charles Forbes ap
peared ut the meeting of the Election
Commissioners yesterday and asked recog
nition as the representatives of the
"Regular Republican County Committee,"
and James McCabe and John T. Carroll
did likewise as the representatives of the
joint committee in the Fourth and Fifth
Congressional districts, but the commis
sion was not ready to pass on the claims
of these gentleman, and the matter went
over until this morning, when they will
be heard more folly.
The commission decided that in future
those who refuse to answer citations to
appear and tel about their registration
shall be stricken off the roll without fur
ther delay.
Moving nt Station X>.
Station D at the foot of Market street was
formally opened yesterday, though no actual
business was transacted. It is probable that
threu weeks will elapne before regular work is
begun, though in the mean time employes
will thoroughly familiarize themselves with
the new condition of affairs. The main
office will continue at the old stand, though
\he principal clerical work will be transferred
to the new station. This includes, oi course,
only mailable matter Rnd such money order
and registry business as has heretofore gone
to that point.
Held for Murder,
Arthur Jackson the young man who shot
August Florentine, saloon-keeper, Twenty
third and Railroad avenues, vu yesterday
held to answer bt-fore the Superior Court Dy
Judge joachtmsen on the charge of murder,
without bail. Tne preliminary examination
was concluded lust week and the Judge r^
•erved hl» decision as to whether he would
hold Jack -to v ior manslaughter or murder till
he had an opportunity of perusing the evi
dence.
Wfll Not Prosecute Him.
John A. Jilefc, the tailor, who firsd five shots
•XsXg® . v ; 3
TOILET 3£
SPECIALS, Etc. 3
Special at 25c. 3
20 dozen Loonin's French Hair """*»
Brushes, solid bick, 9 rows of real :2S
bristle, wortn 75c. —"•
Special at 10c. 2
Large size Hair Brushes, with imita- :^2
tion olive wood back, worth 25c. —»
Special at 10c. 3
25 dozen Infants' Soft Bristle Hair ~^S
Brushes, white and fancy bone —**
handles, all slightly soiled, worth up "T2
to 75c each. lS»
Special at Be.
Fine Fragrant Toilet Soap, composed — S
of buttermilk and witch, hazel, box of :^5
3 cakes. — ••
VEIL SPECIAL. |§
At 15c. 3
Fancy Dotted Black Silk Veils, with "3
■ edge of butter color lace all round. r"SS
worth 35c. *"**
— - —3)
SILK SPECIALS.
Special at |9e« rr«r
All-silk Figure Crajxiiaii©, «?37 6& ajl
•iens in exquisf •• a a ado »J pca ,gir<;eQ» ZZSH
Htrnt blue, pink, owns &m Gjiiite© •-«•»
value 50c, r^ 1
Special at SQ(g 0 ' o^^
Figured Novelty Silks ?n new designs
and rich tone colorings, emerald, 32
gold, navy, cardinal, rose, etc, real —
, value 65c. —"^
Special at sOc. Ill'
Peau de Sole, black ground, with col-
ored satin stripes in shades of cardi- —^
nal, corn, magenta, heliotrope. This :^
silk i« 20 inches wide and would be -^S*
splendid valne at 75c.
HOSE SPECIALS. 3
— Ot
Special at sc. I^3
Infants' Colored Hose, in cotton or =^I
wool, reduced from 20c a pair.
Special at sc. j^j
Children's Gray Mixed Cotton Hose, US
reduced from 12?,£c a pair. <*«
Special at 15c. r^g
Boys' Extra Heavy Ribbed Black -**g
Cotton Hose, reduced from 25c a pair. —••
Special at 15c.
Ladies' Slate-colored Cotton Hose, z^SZ
full fashioned and finish, reduced —
from 25c a pair. —*»
RIBBON SPECIALS. 3
All-silk, Satin and Gros-grain Rib- — *
bons, full widths, in cream, pink, —^*
light blue, nile, lemon, orange, car- -55
dinal, garnet, moss, lavender, etc. -^
No 5. 4c a yard, 35c a bolt.
No. 7, tic a yard, 55c a bolt. —^
No. 9. 8c a yard, 75c a bolt =^
No. 12. 10c a yard, 90c a bolt. -^»
No. 16, 12c a yard, SI 10 a bolt.
No. 22, 15c a yard, $1 25 a bolt. ;^
SHEET AND e|
PILLOWCASE
SPECIALS. 3
Plain Hemmed Sheets — bed = 52
size, 45c each, hemstitched 55c each. -^
54x36 Pillowcases, plain hemmed —^
13c each, hemstitched 15c each.
These Sheets and Pillowcases are made "^
of the best grade muslin, bleached, laun- —^
dried and ready for use. r^
at Mrs. Ella Ferguson in Mrs. Goldberg's
house, 602 Gough street. Monday night, ap
peared before Judge Joacnimsen yesterday
morning. He was instructed and arraigned
aud the case con tinned till Saturday. Mrs.
Ferguson will refuse to prosecute him, and the
chances are that he will get his liberty. Bne
told Detectives Seymour and WhittaKer that it
was none of their business why he fired the
shots at her and refused positively to talk to
to ttiem.
NEW TO-SAT.
P| IF, CUTTER
K| EXTRA
fesf Old
Ii Bourbon
KM family and
liy. sJ medicinal
i whiske y
I *•* extra "«f Or a
<^(^^ «iS quarter-
century. :
LSi E. MAETIN
411 Market St.,
jjZgJ San Francisco.
56
WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 2, 1896
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Free:
Daily and Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier.. $0.1
Daily and Sunday Caix, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Dally and Sunday Calx, »!x months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Calx, three months by mail 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall , 1.60
Weekly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon roles to the country on a vacation ? If
•«, It Is no trouble for as to forward THE CALL, to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
HO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE!
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California. .
Telephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Matn-1874
' BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
8:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock,
718 Larkia street; open until 8:30 o'clock.
feW . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
tntll 9 o'clock.
3618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
US Math street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE!
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE!
Booms SI and 82, 34 Park How, New York City*
DAVID M. FOLTZ. Special Agent.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
rOB PBESIDENT
WILLIAM McKINLEY, of Ohio
FOB TICK-PRESIDENT—
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
ELKCTION NOVEMBER 3. 1896.
Everything is now open.
The State Fair is drawing crowds.
There is music in the air all over the
country.
Vermont has led the way and the Union
will follow.
Teller called it a defense, but it sounded
like an apology.
The Mechanics' Institute makes a home
show to be proud of.
Tbe campaign has begun to show the
rise of the tidal wave.
The Indianapolis convention claims at
tention for a little while.
He who would keep up with the pro
cession now must be lively.
If you expect any profit from home in
dustry why not vote for home industry?
California needs protection and the
cause of protection needs the vote of Cali
fornia.
Everything is open but the mills, and
they will open up with the election of
McKinley.
Bryan is beginning to wish his friends
had not thrown the stalwarts down so hard
at Chicago.
Go to the Mechanics' Pavilion and see
what California industry can do if it has a
living showing.
The campaign of education is wide open
now and all may enter it whose minds are
open to conviction.
All that is needed for victory in Cali
fornia is harmony in the rants and the
silencing of the kickers.
To the mind of an extremist the two
most incomprehensible things are com
mon-sense and international bimetallism.
In reading Senator Teller's defense all
genuine bimetallists will regret he ever
got himself in a position where defense is
needed.
The more the Democrats dodge the tariff
the more the people study it, and that is
where the joke comes in that makes the
situation amusing.
The Indianapolis convention can hardly
hoDe to do much, for it will have to in
dorse Cleveland, and that in itself will be
a sufficient hoodoo to kill the ticket.
The Republican party aims to give every
American an opportunity to labor and in
tends that every laborer shall have good
wages paid for in ihe best money in the
world.
A few free-trade Democrats may vote
for the ticket to be put up at Indianapolis,
but most conservative men of the party
will take no chances and give an honest
vote for McKinley and Hobart.
Altgeld has been charged by ex-Con
gressman Forman with corrupt practices
in the management of State funds, and as
a consequence he is not feeling so aggres
sive as he did a little while ago.
The stalwart Democrats who meet at
Indianapolis to-day do not know whether
they are saving their political lives or
committing suicide, but they do know
that anything is better than Bryanism.
Had he remained in the Republican
party Senator Teller could have been
largely instrumental in aiding McKinley
to promote the free coinage of silver by
international agreement; but as it is he
will hardly count for more than an ex
ploded cartridge.
Each succeeding year sees some im
provement in the State fair, and this will
be no exception to the rule, but the years
should not be alone in seeing the improve
ment; the people also should see them,
particularly San Franciscans, who ought
to keep posted on what the rural indus
tries of the State produce.
Thomas J. Elderkin. secretary of the
Seamen's Union, is reported to have said
in a recent speech in Chicago that nowhere
were seamen so poorly paid as on the
vessels owned by Sewali, tne man who is
now beine supported for the Vice-Presi
dency by demagogues who profess to be
the devoted and self-sacrificing friends of
workingmen.
In addressing at Ashtabula an audience
•aid to consist of 8000 persons Bryan asked
all Republicans who intended to vote for
him to nold up their bands, and it is re
ported that some thirty persons did so.
This is the extentof Republican defection,
thirty in a crowd of 8000, while Democratic
defection among conservative men would
show in an equal crowd fully 16,000 hands.
VERMONT AND VICTORY.
The news from Vermont this morning
will send a thrill of cheer through all Re
publican hearts in the Union. Her vote
shows that the tidal wave for protection,
patriotism and prosperity is mounting to
even a higher level than was reached in
1894, when the free-trade Congress was
swept from power ana the party that sup
ported it was overwhelmed throughout
the country.
Political experts have noted that when
the Republican majority in the State
election in Vermont preceding a Presi
dential election exceeds 25,000 the Repub
licans carry the Union and elect their
President. When it has fallen below that
amount the Democrats have won. The
State election is therefore always noted
with interest because the vote affords a
good basis for calculating the vote to be
cast in November. This year but little
calculation will be needed. Vermont has
gone almost solid for protection and
sound money and led the way to victory.
In the East all is over but the shouting.
On this coast harmony and organization
are all that are needed to bring about the
same assurance of Republican success.
That harmony certainly will not be
lacking from this time on. The vote of
Vermont, while it cheers the hearts of the
loyal, is also a challenge to California
Republicans to rise to tha occasion
and sweep the fusion ticket into
utter confusion. In every section of
California there Bhould be a com
plete union of all the friends of
sound finance in opposition to the com
binations that have been made against it.
Vermont has led the way; Maine *?ill
follow before the month closes, and in
November California will stand with them
for McKinley and prosperity.
The best plan that suggests itself to my
mind is that ue should go back to the teach
ings of our fathers, and that we should restore
tlie old {incriminating duties; that we should
impose a tax of 10 per cent ad valorem in ad
dition to whatever tax is imposed by law on
all goods, wares and merchandise imported
into the United States in vessels not of the
United States. It seems to me that this would
settle the question upon the best possible basis
and in time revive and restore our shipping. —
Hon. Stephen B. Elkins, United States Sena
tor of West Virginia.
"DISTURBING BUSINESS."
,
We renew and emphasize our allegiance to
the policy of protection as the bulwark of
American industrial independence and the
foundation of American development and
prosperity. We denounce the present Demo
cratic tariff as sectional, injurious to the pub
lic credit and destructive to business enter
prise.—Republican Rational Platform.
"We denounce as disturbing to business
the Republican threat to restore the Mc-
Kinley bill."— Bryan's platform.
Let us see which of these two declara
tions history justifies. During the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1891. we exported
agricultural products amounting to $642 -
751,344, and $799,328,232 during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1892. "McKinley
ism" prevailed in those two years.
During the fiscal year ending June 30,
1895, we exported ngricultural products
amounting to $553,210,026, and $559,841,714
in the year ending June 30, 1896. Tne
Wilson-Gorman act was in operation dur
ing these years, and the decrease, which
the agriculturists of this country sus
tained, amounted to $319,028,367. The
McKinley bill did not "disturb" farmers
very much, did it? Unless it disturbed
them to get nearly $320,000,000 more for
their produce in two years under the Mc-
Kinley "robber tariff" than they got in
two years under Bryanism.
But farmers are not the only persons
who were "disturbed" by tlie McKinley
bill. No one escaped its "disturbing"
influence. For instance, during the first
twenty-three months of the operation of
the McKinley act the bank clearings aggre
gated $111,979,642,300.
During the same number of months un
der Bryanism the bank clearings amounted
to $98,702,777,786, or f13,186.5G4.604 less
than during the months when the Mc-
Kinley bill was disturbing business.
Thirteen billion dollars is a good deal of
money, and that is the sum of the reople's
loss on business represented in bank clear
ing-house transactions which cover less
than 50 per cent of tlie country's total
volume of business. There has been an
average decrease of more than half a
billion dollars a month since the repeal
of McKinley's "disturbing" law.
Those who are well acquainted with the
character of American business men would
not hesitate to say that they rather like
to be "dipturbed" just the way the Mc-
Kinley act disturbed them, and it is
equally safe to say that they are getting
impatient for November to come so they
may put public concerns in shape to be
disturbed agair> after the fashion of the
McKinley way of "disturbing" business.
But perhaps the Bryans, the Altgekls aud
the Tillmans believe that the poorer the
people are the easier they will be to han
dle, and hence they advocate free trade
and cheap money.
To the 75,000,000 people which male up the
great Republic tlie opportunity to labor
means more than to all the world besides. It
means the development of resources great
beyond the comprehension of any mortal and
the diffusion among all of riches to which the
glories of the " Arabian Nig hU" arc but the
glitter of the pawnshop and to which tfa
sheen of all the jewels of this earth are but
the gleam of the glowworm in the pallor of
the dawn. — Tom Reed.
CIVIL LIBERTY ATTACKED.
"In my opinion," said ex-President Har
rison in his New York speech last week,
"there is no issue presented by the Chica-o
convention more important or vital than
the question they have raised of prostitut
ing tbe power and duty of the National
courts and National executive. The de
fense of the constitution, of the Supreme
Court of the United States and of the Presi
dent's power and duty to enforce all of tlie
laws of the United States without await
ing the call or consent of the Governor of
any State is an important and living issue
in this campaign."
It would matter very little to the people
of this country whether they have free
trade or protection, bimetallism or mono
metallism, paper money or metallic
money, if the courts were made subser
vient to the schemes of professional poli
ticians and economic experimentalists.
The soul of the power that maintains
civil liberty in the United States is
in the court of final appeal, and in pro
portion as that court is prostituted for po
litical or social advantage is its power to
protect the individual in the enjoyment
of his liberty weakened. If the personnel
of a court may be changed at the will
and pleasure of party or clan, either
by increasing its numbers or by legis
lation to strengthen the bold of that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1896.
party upon the machinery of govern"
ment, the court may also be required to
render decisions that are in harmony
with the purpose of the powers that be
without reference to the constitution or
legislative enactments. Can one conceive
how the liberty of tbe people could be put
in greater jeopardy than such a system of
jurisprudence would place it?
The wording of the Jiryan declaration,
or Chicago platform, on the question of
tampering with the functions and per
sonnel of the Supreme Court of the Na
tion is adroit and weir calculated to de
ceive the casual reader, but the under
lying purpose is to revamp and reorganize
the highest judicial authority in the land
so that decisions may be secured whicn
will comport with such theories of govern
ment as are advocated by Altgeld, who, as
the Governor of Illinois, released from the
penitentiary the Haymarket bomb
throwers and officially censured the trial
court for inflicting punishment upon
them; with such theories of government
as are held by Bryan, who preaches the
doctrine of blood, of war, of brother
against brother and section against sec
tion, and witn such theories of govern
ment as are held by Tillman of South
Carolina, who rejoices when fear and
calamity come upon the North because it
refused to acquiesce in South Carolina's
treasonable purpose in 1861.
The revolutionists who controlled the
Chicago convention know that so long as
the courts stand between their purpose
and the liberty of the people their efforts
to overthrow the Government will avail
them nothing, and bence it is that they
propose to have courts that will aid and
abet them. The silver question wiih them
is an issue to agitate the people and at the
same time draw public attention from
their ulterior object, and when they say
the free coinage of silver independent of
those whom we have trade relations with
would be followed by "good times" they
err and they know it, but the end with
such men justifies the means, and the end
is disorganized society and a government
conducted on lines that are in harmony
with Altgeld's denunciation of tbe courts
for punishing crime. With tbe courts
under the thumb of the Bryans, the Ait
gelds and tbe Tillmans, the law would be
made to accommodate itself to the wishes
of these revolutionisst. Then civil liberty
would wear Bryan's crown of thorns, and
finally it would be crucified upon his cross
of sectionalism an d class hatred.
Whatever dollars we have in this country
must be good dollars, as good in tlie hands of
the poor as the rich ; equal dollars; equal in
inherent merit, equal in purchasing power,
whether they be pa per dollars or gold dollars
or silver dollars or treasury notes; each con
vertible into the other and each exchangeable
for the other, because each is based upon
equal value and has behind it equal security;
good, not by the fiat of law alone, but good
because the whole commercial world recog
nizes their inherent and inextinguishable
value. — McKin ley .
A DEMOCRAT'S ADVICE.
Hon. Edward J. Phelps of Vermont,
who was Minister to England during
President Cleveland's first administration,
is out in a ringing letter in support of
Major McKinley's candidacy. Mr. Phelps
does not wish to bo understood as having
abandoned the principles and traditions
of his party, but he regards, as he says,
"th£ pending Presidential election as pre
seiwing the most dangerous crisis that
this country has ever encountered. It
does not, in my judgment, involve any
political controversy nor any question of
the supremacy of party, for such consid
erations are lost sicht of in the far greater
gravity of the situation."
Mr. Phelps believes it the duty of all
patriotic men to lay aside party pride and
join as one man in the work of saving tbe
country from the clutches of Bryanism.
He does not see that there can be any
middle ground between a friend and a foe
of the country for a patriotic man to stand
upon. He believes the attack of tbe
Bryans "is not upon the policy but upon
the life of the Nation." Referring to the
attempt of Bryan to set the masses against
the "rich," Mr. Phelps says those "who
are independently rich are very few in
proportion to the 70,000,000 of American
people, the vast majority of whom gain
their living by-some form or otner of use
ful employment. Even the rich are de
pendent upon the business of the country,
for their wealth chiefly consists in invest
ments in its various industries, and must
speedily perish when they are extin
guished. That there should be prosperity
in some of these employments and not in
others, or among one class of people and
not among others, is impossible, for they
all rest upon a common foundation and
are affected by the same considerations."
Mr. Phelps sees much danger to the
peopie in Bryan's candidacy— not because
it is William Jennings Bryan, but because
he is advocating principles of government
so antagonistic to the spirit of our institu
tions that were they to prevail the Nation
would very soon reach political, social and
commercial chaos, and therefore he ear
nestly pleads with his fellow-Democrats to
forget party and party organization for
the moment and join with those in whose
hands the rights and liberties of the peo
ple would be safe, notwithstanding they
differ widely with Democrats on certain
economic theories and governmental prac
tices. No doubt Mr. Phelps' letter will
exert a great influence throughout the
Kasf, and it will be felt in the West and
South as well.
You might just as well understand now
that you cannot add value to anything by
diminishing the measure of the value with
which the thing is sold or exchanged. If you
can increase the value by lowering the measure
of value, and you want to benefit the farmer,
free coinage isn't the way to do ft. The way
to do that is to make the bushel smaller, the
pound lighter and declare a legal dozen lest
than twelve.— William McKinley.
TURKISH BRUTALITY.
Great Britain appears to be getting
ready to do what she thould have done
fifty years ago. The Mediterranean squad
rons, which is composed of a dozen or
more warships., have been ordered :o the
Levant, presumably to apply the heroic
remedy to the "sicfc man of Europe." The
massacre of 4000 Armenians in the city of
Constantinople in two days is arousing a
feeling of so much bitterness against the
Sultan all over the Christian world that it
does not appear bow tbe powers can
longer tolerate tbe Turkish empire to
exist.
The evidence is pretty clear that the
Porte has been secretly urging the slaugh
ter of Christians for a year or more,
although he has appeared to deplore the
existence of trouble among hia subjects.
No doubt be is tbe champion villain of tbe
nineteenth century, and unless England
leads in the good work of dismembering
his empire, she will forfeit the respect of
all civilized people. But sending a large
fleet to Turkish waters looks very much
as if the London Government had at
last concluded to make war upon the
Sultan, if need be. to put a stop to his
atrocious treatment of the subjects of his
country.
For half a century the Sultans of Tur
key have felt secure to butcher Christians
at their pleasure because the powers could
not afford to dismember the empire, or
rather because the powers could not agree
upon a division of the territory belonging
to Turkey. Of course tne powers are mor
ally responsible for the slaughter of the
thousands of Christians by Turkish sol
diers, and, no doubt, too, had the Sultan
been a little more moderate and caused
fewer murders last week, a British fleet of
warships would not now be sailing to
Turkish waters; but perhaps just such a
brutal and wholesale killing as has been
witnessed in the la«t few days was neces
sary to drive the powers into war with the
fcfcissulman brutes. Think of 4000 buman
beings butchered in the streets of a Eu
ropean city in the year 1896, simply to Bat
isfy the cravings of a brutal Turk for
Christian blood !
PERSONAL.
Henry Heerdt, a merchant of 'Salinas, is in
town.
R. S. Hubbell of Cleveland, Ohio, Is at the
Palace.
John Gallagher, the attorney, of Fresno is at
the Grand.
Francis St. J. Fox of Red Lodge, Mont., li
in the City.
Henry J. Newman of Salt Lake, Utah, is on
a visit here.
John L. Madden, a business man of Salinas
has arrived here.
E. B. Willis, editor of the Sacramento Record-
Union, is at the Russ.
P. B. Gaylard of Woodland is registered at
the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
8. Horton, a rancher and vineyardist of Liv
ermore, arrived here yesterday.
Dr. 8. T. Armstrong of New York City was
among yesterday's arrivals here.
R. G. Whitlock, a business man of Santa
Cruz, is at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
P. G. Cotter a business man of Yuma,
Ariz., arrived in the City yesterday.
W. B. Westlake, a well-known insurance
man, is at at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
C. H. Burden, Coroner of Tuoiumne
County, is a guest at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
W. W. Douglass of Sacramento, assistant
comptroller of the Btate, arrived here yester
day.
John E. Jackson, an attorney of Los Angeles,
was among yesterday's arrivals here. He is at
the Grand.
Commander R. 8. Mackenzie of the United
States navy is at the Palace, accompanied by
Mrs. Mackenzie.
H. M. La Rose of Sacramento, the well
known vineyardist and State Railway Com
missioner, is at the Occidental.
A. C. Hillman, the large land-owner and ex
tensive fruit and grain grower of Davisville.ls
at the Lick accompanied by his son, A, C. Hill
man Jr.
Foster S. Dennis, the Kingman (Ariz.) butl
nesa nan, has returned here from a visit to
the country, and is at the Lick. His family is
with him.
George A. Helm ore, editor of the Tuoiumne
Independent, the most popular paper in the
southern mines district, was in town yester
day on a flying visit.
S. M. Green, an old and wealthy resident of
Milwaukee, who owns important mining inter
ests in California and other points of the West,
arrived here yesterday aud is at the Palace.
General J. C. Breckinridge, inspector of the
United States army, now on a tour examining
the soldiers' homes, has been for some time at
Santa Monica and is expected here after seeing
Los Angeles and other points.
Joseph Simon of Portland, for several terms
a Senator from Multnomah County, Oregon,
afterward chairman of the Republican .State
Central Committee and a well-known political
boss, is at the Palace. Mr. Simon has been
turned down in recent years, along with Boss
Sathan, owing partially to the Pennoyer epi
sode in politics and partially to the belief of
the Republicans that they have overdone their
statesmanship. Mr. Simon is a lawyer in Port
land.
James Hamilton Gilmonr, formerly of the
staff of the Post and News Letter of this City,
and for many yen rs past a contributor to the
Sunday Chronicle, is up from his ranch at
Palm Springs. Mr. Gilmour is looking younger
and healthier even than In lormer years. The
climate of the desert region seems to agree
with him. He says that Jake Dressier, who
has been for some time at Indio for infected
lungs, has gone to Los Angeles to remain a
while. His condition does not seem to have
undergone a decided change as yet.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, X. V., Sept. 1.-At the West
minster, W. G. Fuller; Broadway, J. Gay ton-
Continental, Mrs. E. D. Berry, Gerlach l!
Kulman; Normandie. I. R. Hall; Imperial, N.
C. Kingsley; Gilsey, J. Dowdell; Hoffman, A.
M. Ludd: Savoy, H. Luvi; Warwick, D. E.
Lynch. T. Sharkey; Belvidere, Mrs. J. and
Miss p. Wleland. J. 11. Hart left the West
minster to sail for Europe on the Lahn. D.
Ewing and A. Ribas sail on the American
liner Bt. Louis for En eland.
THE PRESS ON M cKINLEY'S LETTER
It is a great letter, strong in all the essen
tials of statesmanship and yet simple, in that
the arguments are addressed to the common
people.— Chicago Inter Ocean.
The letter will be universally regarded as a
strong documeut, as it presents the issues so
clearly that the plain people will have no dif
ficulty in understating them.— Minneapolis
Tribune.
McKinley's letter of acceptance will fix the
lasting attention of the people as one of those
noble appeals to reason and patriotism which
po far to make the history of a nation.-Xew
York Tribune.
Mr. McKinley's letter accepting the nomina
tion is a strong ana satisfactory utterance As
i * minentl y fining, the finance question
no ds the leading place in it, both in the po
sition occupied and the amount of space filled
The letter as a whole is a lucid, forceful
statement of the position of the Republican
party concerning the questions now before the
people. Compared with Bryan's wild utter
ances, which are as indefinite and unsubstan
tial a ! a fog bank, it Is a block of steadfast,
polished granite-Chicago Tribune.
♦^H ll^ V^ th ry~lmportant question
touched by the Republican platform, emphasis
and stress are naturally laid on the para
mount issue of finance. Democrats and inde
pendents who contemplate voting the Repub
lican ticket have the satisfaction of knowing
that Major McKinley has more than justified
their trust and confidence.— Post.
Major McKinley rises to the height of his op
portunity In his formal letter of acceptance of
the Republican nomination for President
There are no rhetorical pyrotechnics in it. It
is a plain and forcible presentation of the is
sues of the campaign in language which needs
no interpreter to the plain people of America
—St. Paul Pioneer Press.
The spirit and the reasoning of Mr. McKin
ley s letter on the issues presented In the finan
cial plank of the Chicago platform are admir
able. It is the manly and dignified offer of the
Republican candidate to meet those who are
ready to trust him in this crisis on a plane
higher than that of mere party opinions or
purposes.— York Times.
In the very simplicity and straightforward
ness of this magnificent utterance of the Re
pub hcan candidate there lies a strength infi
nitely greater than could have been achieved
by any other form of eloquence. We have had
a surfeit of oratory. What we needed were
tacts, pure and clear and cold. And now we
have them.— cincinatti Tribune.
Major McKinley'a formal letter of acceptan ce
is his ablest utterance upon the issues of the
present campaign, whether it be considered
as a literary production or a political exposi
tion. The arguments are exceedingly well put
in clear, forcible, but carefully tempered lan
guage, which leads naturally from topic to
topic and gives the whole a continuity in
thought and style that is equally effective
from the standpoint of letters and of logic-
Chicago Journal.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS
Among the arrivals in the City is Colonel R.
M. Culbertson, United States District Attorney
for the Western District of Texas. He comes
of the noted family of Culbertsons in the
Lone Star State, his father being Congressman
Culbertson, and his brother Governor Culbert
scn of that commonwealth.
Attorney Culbertson's home is in San An
tonio, on the edge of the great arid region of
Texas, and near the cotton and corn growing
region. He has never been in California be-
United States Attorney R, U. Culbertson of the Western District of Texas.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
fore, and Is much interested in seeing the
sights.
Mr. Culbertson does not appear to be over
35 years old. lie is tall and smooth shaven.
"I thought San Antonio was a pretty cosmo
politan place and also pretty lively," he said,
"but it is not on the map when compared with
San Francisco. I have seen many places, but
certainly no city in the United States is so
cosmopolitan as this, unless it is New York.
"As far as Texas Is concerned, its crops are
pretty good this year, and its future looks
prosperous. No, we are not all silver men
down there. There are others. But I have not
been making a 6tudy of politics lately.
"1 have met a great many friends since I
came here. My stay has been prolonged, but it
has been pleasant."
Mr. Culbertson will leave for home probably
on Wednesday. United States Marshal Ware,
ol the San Antonio District, is with him.
"THE ENEMY'S COUNTRY."
Bight in the flash of his silver fame,
Proud of his stiver-mounted name,
Into the Enemy's country came
William Jaybryan.
Into the Enemy's country he '
Swum; like a scar from its apogee,
Crogsless ana crownless though he be,
William Jaybryan.
nigh on a platform we saw him stand,
His silvery utterances in bis hand.
Which caused na to think of other things, and
William Jaybryan.
Into the Enemy's country side
Silver-lined patriots hurriedly hied;
And very soon they had notified
William Jaybryan.
Much was the talk he talked that time;
Ills wisdom was like the cunts in a dime;
The principal point he made was: "I'm
William Jaybryan."
And what of the Enemy's country? Oh!
Well, really it pains me to tell you so,
But the Enemy's country didn't know
That Bryan »■« there. A I least if It aid,
It paid no intention to the Kid;
Id fact, it did not know till he
Said so, that it was the Enemy.
W. J. L., in New York Bun.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
INTERNATIONAL BIMETALLISM.
A Review or J. Asburt Johnson's Recent
Letter on thb Subject.
Mr. J. Asbury Johnson, Populist, seems to be
somewhat confused, or wants to confuse
others, in regard to the construction of inter
national bimetallism by the Republican party.
There is no doubt about the simple b -ing able
to confound the wise when it comes to asking
questions. I don't expect to satisfy the gen
tleman, but to say something for the benefit of
the honest and well-meaning voter.
It seems to be the principal argument of
gold and silver monometallists to charge the
advocates of bimetallism by international
agreement with sinister motives. Monometal
lic ts are opposed to bimetallism. The gold
men do not disguise tne fact.
Able advocates of free silver coinage at the
ratio of 16 to 1 admit that the country may go
to a s'lver basis if their theory prevails. Ko it
is reasonable to infer that both of these theo
rists believe that an international agreement
or even bimetallism is an "iridescent dream."
Your correspondent maybe of that number.
He even states that all the European govern
ments stand committed against it. That is
true; but there is a strong sentiment in Ger
many, France and England in favor of it and
this sentiment is growing.
Now there is one point that the two wings of
monometallists agree upon, and that is not to
depart one hair's breadth from their particu
lar theories.
The gold men say that the commercial ratio
between the metals cannot be departed from
while the silver contingent will not agree to
any other ratio except 16 to 1. Bimeiallista
on the other hand contend that if some inter
mediate point between 16 aud 30 could be
agreed upon, and that ratio maintained
awhile, then 16 to 1 could be reached and sus
tained. If a man cannot lift 150 pounds it is
evident he cannot lift 200 pounds. What
seems to worry Mr. Johnson is whether Major
McKinley is in favor of 16 to 1 or some other
ratio. He does not state, and it is not neces
sary. He is willing to leave that to tbe judg
ment and wisdom of the members comprising
a conference appointed to agree upon a ratio.
Mr Johnson seems to think that if a ratio of
20 to 1 should be agreed upon it would make
but little difference to the pensioner or
laborer. I think it would make considerable
difference — a difference that the laborer could
certainly see and a probability that the ratio
could finally be established at 16 to 1 when
the loss would be nothing. A. J. Dill.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
Charles Dickens, the son of the novelist I
who died a few weeks ago, was named Charles
"Boz" by his father, out when he grew to
man's estate he dropped his middle name.
Mark Twain places very little faith in doc
tors as a steady thing.
Jules Verne's real name is Olchewitz. He is
a native of Warsaw.
Sir Edward Burne-Jones is to execute the
series of paintings for the reredos to be put
up as a memorial to Christina Rossetti in
Christ Church, Woburn square, London, where
she was an attendant for nearly twenty years.
The Queen of Servia, it Is said, eschews the
soft bed and avoids the down pillows as she
would the plague. She sleeps on a narrow
divan spread with a hard, unyielding mat
tress, and without the vestige of a pillow.
Ferdinand yon Herder, the last male descend
ant of the poet Herder, and former librarian
of the Botanical Garden In St. Petersburg, died
last month in his native town of Grunstadt,
Bavaria, whither he had retired after thirty
five years of active service.
"Ouida," after the enforced sale of her
beautiful furniture by the authorities of the
United Italy which she so hates and reviles,
has retired to a villa in the environs of Lucca,
where she is concentrating all her bitterness
against Italy in a three-volume noveL
A dispatch from Prague, published at Vi
enna, states that a bust of Victor Hugo, which
had arrived there from abroad addressed to
the anarchist Heys, has been seized by the po
lice, who found inside the bust, which was
hollow, a large number of anarchist writings.
LADY'S APRON.
This useful garment speaks for itself. An
apron large enough to be of use, aud trimmed
as this is, need not nave its "raison d'etre"
pointed out. For very rough work enameled
cloth or rubber are used.
Denim or blue jeans make a heavy apron
that will last indefinitely.
Qinghams, heavy cambric or cotton duck are
serv ceable materials.
Made of white lawn, cambric or batiste it
forms a garment much appreciated by ladies
whose only household cares consist of lleht
dusting. *"
WHY THEY WON'T VOTE FOR
BRYAN.
Sprinslleld Journal.
The Indiana Farmers' Association has 50,000
members, consisting approximately of 27 500
Republicans, 20,500 Democrats, 1000 Pop
ulists and 1000 Prohibitionists. Of the whole
number, according to a canvass made by the
president of the organization, 42,250 propose
to vote in November for JlcKinley and honest
money. "The silver sentiment is swiftly dis
appearing, says the president, "and the
more? V arme h rs f don>t want an * of your cheK
ind^nawiiV^fJ ls "" ue of tne farmers of
f.rilit^? w | u T Vf found ,'.° be equally true of the
farmers of Illinotf, Kansas, Nebraska lowa
has burst^V s^ 8 Tt J° {ree -<*>m«e bubble
f"?? nU a T he scare Is over, reason has re
turned and the farmers will be found in No
hon^t r go V vern me a nt? BUal ff ° r8 ° Und m ° ney M *
HOW THE FARMERS WILL VOTE.
Omaha Bee.
The beet-sugar producers of Germany, Aus
tria, France and Germany receive bounties on
all the sugar they export to the United States
But Mr. Bryan is not willing to give the Amer
ican sugar-beet raisers any protection either in
the shape of bounty or import duty to enuble
them to compete in their own market with ihe
lorcign product raised by hali-paid labor. Mr.
Bryan's principle has been. "Buy in the cheap
est market and let home industry take care of
itself the best it can." The sugar-beet growers
of Nebraska know all this and that is one
reason why they will not vote for Bryan. In
voting against him they will only be carrying
out Bryan's own precept that they should cast
their votes for their own interests.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Laborers— G. W. L., Red Bluff. Cal. The con
dition of the laborers In the United States is
financially and otherwise infinitely better
than that of the laborers of England, while
those ot England are in a great many way!
better off than those of Mexico.
City Gas— A. M., City. Since 1883 the gas
of this City has been shut off once for a per
ceptible length of lime by order of the Super
visors, and that was this year. It has on a
number of occasions, by order of the board,
-been shut off for one or two nights before or
after the night b 'fore or after full moon.
That is called "extending the corporation
moonlight."
A Right to Vote— R. E. H., atockton, Cal. If
"in the early days a teamster who went
through the country could vote for Presi
dential Electors wherever he hapnened to be
on election day by presenting a certificate
showing that he was registered in some place
in the State," no teamster can do so now. _ A
voter can vote only in the precinct in which
he is legally registered.
A Guardian— Miss Benicia X., City. The
matter of appointing a guardian for a person
who is said to be incompetent is one that rests
in, the discretion of the court before whom the
application is made, after a hearing of the
facts of the case. Iv the case of a wife said to
be incompetent the husband, there being no
valid objection presented, is undoubtedly the
proper person to appoint.
From Longfellow— H. W. R., Oakland, Cal.
The quotation asked about is from Longiellow,
so two friends of this department have informed
it. The lines are to be found in "The Masque of
Pandora," and the exact words are:
Never by lapse of time,
A goal defaced by crime,
Into its former s-lf returns again;
For every guilty deed
Holds Id iiself the seed
Of retribution and undyiug pain.
Mexican Dollars— W. H. T., FruitvaK Cat.
There is no power on earth to prevent you
from buying as many Mexican dollars as you
wish at 54 cents apiece, except it should be a
rise iv the price of silver,- which would send
the price 'of Mexican dollars up above that
figure, and going to Mexico and there purchas
ing $1 worth of commodities for every coin
which you purchased for 54 cents. The price
of Mexican dollars in this market is regulated
by the price of silver and ranges at this time
from 51 to 54 cents.
Prominent Houses— M. 8., City. At the
Mission tbe old mission church and the adobe
building at tne northwest corner of Churcli
and Sixteenth streets are prominent monu
ments of the very early days and the two oldest
buildings in that section. At tbe Presidio, If
you mean the Presidio proper, there are still
one or two buildings that were standing at
the time of the American occupation, while at
North Beach there is an old crab house on Bay
Ftreet and the Haskell home at BlacK Point,
the house in which David C. Broderick died.
Gold in- Germany— a. S. M., City. On the
23d of November, 1871, a law was passed In
Germany concerning the coining of Imperial
gold coin. -It was passed to gradually take
the place of the coins of the particular States
One section of the law provides that "all pay
ments which by existing law are made In sil
ver money of the thaler currency, of Southern
German currency, of Lubeck or Hamburg cur
rency, or in thaler of the Bremen gold reckon
ing, may be effected in the imperial gold
coin." Then follows the value of the various
coins or currency as compared with imperial
gold.
Entitled to Deawback— G. W. L., Bed Bluff,
Cal. Ail articles made wholly from imported
materials and many articles made partly from
such materials are entitled, on exportation, to
a drawback of the duties paid on the material
used :n their manufacture, less 1 per centum
of such duties. If any imported materials are
used in the manufacture of an article made in
part from domestic materials and the im
ported materials or the parts made from such
materials shall so appear in the completed
article that the quamity or measure thereof
may be ascertained, such article is entitled, on
exportation, to a drawback of the duties paid
on the imported materials used, less 1 per
centum of such duties. Such drawback is
allowed under gen«ral and special regulation!
prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's.*
Spectal Information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
Teacher — By "transparent" we mean some
thing through which we can see. Who can
give an illustration of a transparent object?
Pupil — A ladder!— Fliegende Blaetter.
Are You Going: .East?
The Atlantic and Pacific Raii road — Santa F«
route— is the coolest and mos: comfortable sum
mer line, owing to iis e'evation and absence from
alKall dnst. Farticularly adapted for the trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run dally through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar and la
charge of attentive conductors ana \ oners. Ticket
office. 644 Market street, Chronicle building. Tel
ephone, Main 1531.
♦•Mrs. Wlmlow's Soothing Byr<i«"
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mother
for their children while Teething with perfect nay
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allay i
Vain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels aal
lathe best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether orisin j
/rom teething or other causes, -for sale by Drug
gists In every part of the world. Be sure and aj£
iorMrs. Wlnsiow's Soothing Syrup. ii»o a oo;u*
Coho^ado.— Atmosphere is perfectly drr, iifs
and mild, being entirely free from the mist* com
mon further north. Hound-trip tickets, by swam
ship, including fifteen days' board at tn« Hotel lil
Coronado, $00: longer stay $'.' 60 peril*/. *-t>t*i
4£>ew Jtwontcomery gt., s<ani<'ra-ici*o*
The great popularity of Ayer*s Pills Is dne to
their universal usefulness and their freedom from
all injurious ingredients.
Loans on diamonds. Interest low. At Uncle
Harris', 16 Uraut avenue.
.Loans on watches, Jewelry, silverware, at Uncle
Harris', 15 Grant avenue.
>■ ; •—• — ♦ —
. Borrow on sealskins, silks and Jewels at Uncle
Harris', 15 Grant avenue.
First Traveler— old fellow "who was
talking to you was a farmer, I suppose?
Second Traveler— he seems to be a poli
tician who raises corn and hogs.— Puck.
NEW TO-DAY.
EXTRA ffl^Hl
PRESENTS Itljljiel
REAL «GEMS! %*$ eh
Fancy Chinaware, Glassware, Caps,
Saucers and Plates, Vases, Orna-
ments and Dishes of every descrip-
tion.
ONE f£i Gt
eachmQ' Purchase
TEAS-COFFEES-SPICES !
Quality Best Guaranteed.
A M M n A : CUSTOMERS
SNAPS '" ;«H5»
Great American Importing Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
■344 Market St. 146 Ninth st.
3510 Mission st. ' 218 I hlrd st.
140 Sixth St.. 3008 Filimore ct»
617 Kcarny st. 965 Market st. -
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth st.
*3i Montgomery avd. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st. 3285 Mission st,
5a Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth St.
Ui San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park st., Alameda.fs3fg (fail
* - —
WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 2, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Balbwtw Thia thk. — "Madame Sans Gene."
Columbia Thkateb— "The Social Trust."
Wobosco's c>i ».H A -HouBii— -Held In Slavery."
Tjvoi.l OriPA-HotreK.— "Krnanl."
Obphkum— Hlrh-Class Vaudeville.
A i cazak Thkatib.-" Turned Up."
tUTRO Baths— Bathing and performances.
mooT thk Chittks— DaUy at Haight street,
one block east of the Park.
Circus— At Central Park, commencing Septent-
Mechanics' Institute Pavimon— Tweaty-
nimh industrial Kxposltion, September 1 to Octo-
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Family Excursion— To Santa Cms, Sunday,
September 8.
Excursion— To Bohemia, Sunday. September 6.
AUCTION SALES.
Bt H. J. IiEXTTHOLTZ— This day (Wednesday),
Furniture, etc, at 1927 California at., at 11 o'clock
By Geo. F. Lamson— This day (Wednesday),
Furnitnre, at 2020 Broadway, at 11 o'clock.
Bt Allen Cowajs— Thursday, September 8,
Hardware, at 320 Sutter street, at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Father Conradi visited the Pesthouse yester
day.
The Grand Jury met yesterday and adjourned
until September 18.
To-day is the last of the Pacific Coast
Women's Press Association.
The well-known St. Bernard, Keglov, died a
few days ago of strangulation.
Local shoemakers have adopted "patronise
home industries" for their motto.
All trades unions are preparing to partici
pate in the Labor day celebration.
The directors of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children met yesterday after
noon.
General W. H. L. Barnes spoke of Grant to
comrades of George H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.,
last evening.
Milk Inspector Dockery used his revolver
yesterday to bring a refractory milk-wagon
driver to time.
The Citizens' Charter Association will hold
a big mass-meeting In Metropolitan Hall on
Friday evening.
J. J. O'Farrell was forced into involuntary
insolvency yesterday by a petition of five of hit
m'nor creditors.
A jury has been secured to try Oliver W.
Winthrop, and the taking of testimony will
begin this morning.
The Panhandle and Ashbnry Heights Im
provement Club was formally organised at
1970 rage street last evening.
The City Hall Commissioners opened bids
for the construction of the City Hall roof un
der modified plans yesterday.
Quite an amount of turquoise has been
brought from an old turquoise mine in New
Mexico and is at the Grand Hotel.
The Union Pressed Brick and Terra Cott*
Company, a corporation, baa filed a petition in
dissolution in the County Cleric's office.
Avisa A. Gerdes, wife of Henry G. Gerdes, a
Kearny-street druggist, was yesterday granted
a divorce on the ground of extreme cruelty.
The Republicans of Ocean View and those of
IncTeside held a big meeting at the racetrack
lausi night, when the greatest enthusiasm pre
vailed.
Some startling testimony regarding the con
viction of Joseph Lull on a charge of forgery
v as brought oat in a suit in Justice Carroll's
court yesterday.
Mrs. Mfiry A. Knox, 631 Bryant street, swore
to a complaint yesterday charging John T.
Madden, an expressman, one of her roomers,
with petty larceny.
The case of Dr. A. A, Cunningham, charged
with misdemeanor embezzlement, was yester
day set for trial by a jury in Judge Conlan's
court on September 16.
\\ il lie Smith, a boy 16 years of age, living
with bis mother at 211 State street, was booked
at the City Prison yesterday for assault with a
deadly weapon upon her.
Alexander Coblyn dived nJnety-seven feet
at the Luriine baths yesterday, taking a grace
ful header in eight feet of water. He will dive
120 ieei from Brooklyn bridge.
The preliminary examination of F. H. Dingle,
accused of embezzling iunds of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association, will be
held to-day in the Police Court.
H. J. Knyralsky and Charles Forbes have
asked the Election Commissioners to recognize
tli'-m as the representatives of the regular
Republican County Committee.
Colonel Burton-Brown of the Royal Geo
graphical Society, and noted in the command
that invaded King Thebaw's relmof Mandeloy
a few years ago, has arrived here.
The Colma Athletic Club will give two box
ing contests this evening at the Grove-street
Then ter. Stelzner and Peppers and Alters and
Agnew will meet in ten-round bouts.
The Harbor Commissioners have decided to
light the ferry clock at night in future. As
soon as the appliances can be got ready an
electric light will be placed in the tower.
John E. Kennedy, a wealthy rancher ot Cus
ter County, Mont., i* here. He says every man,
woman or child in that county has thirty-nine
cattle, twenty-seven horses ana fifty sheep.
The preliminary examination of Frank Dar
rnph, charged with stealing a sack containing
$985 from his employers, Lachman & Jacobi,
was commenced beiore Judge Con lan yester
day.
W. C. Braly, chief of the accounts division
of the General Land Office, arrived here yes
terday. He met his brother. J. M. Braiy of
Fresno, whom he has not seen for forty-eight
years.
Katshu Yano. a. Japanese girl who was
brought from Fresno yesterday onatrumpedup
charge so she could be soid into slavery, was
taken under Chief Crowley's protection until
a home can be found for her.
btanislaus Voriadonsky, an ex-convict, was
arrested yesterday while trying to dispose of
some jewelry believed to have been stolen, and
when searched a black mask and burglars'"
tools were found in his pockets.
The steamer Jennie got in from Cooks Inlet
yesterday and Captain Esser reports that over
3000 miners are on tho beach, all in a more or
less degree of destitution. Government aid
must be given or many will die.
The law regulating the sale of filled cheese
will become operative next Saturday. There
is no filled cheese imported here, but Collector
Wise deems it prudent to notify possible im
porters of the proposed change.
Organization has been perfected of a Ger
man-American Republican Club in the inter
est of Major McKinley and protection. The
club is composed of intelligent citizens, who
are not seeking for public office.
The bicycle reiay rid. rs arrived at Kearney
Nebr., at 6:17 p. x. yesterday, seven hours be
hind schedule time. The packet is due in
Omaha early this morning. More than half
the distance across the continent has been
covered.
The tug Fearless end the ship John Ena
while on their way from Mare Island to San
Francisco got the full force of the explosion of
the California Powder Works yesterday. Both
vessels were off Point Pinole when the dis
aster took place.
The Williams case closed yesterday. At
torney Schle-singer opened for the defend
ant and was followed by Mr. Coogan. Mr.
Howry for the defence was next in order and
will probably conclude his argument to-day.
A verdict from the jury is expected before an
other day rolls around.
NEW TO-DAY.
DISTRESSING Jk
IRRITATIONS §7
OF THE J
SKIN JSfim?
, Instantly
Relieved by ///ll\L
To cleanse, purify, and beautify the akin,
scalp, and hair, to allay itching and irritation, to
heal chafing*, excoriations, and nlceratlve weak-
nesses,' to speedily cure the first symptoms of
torturing, disfiguring skin and scalp humors,
nothing so pure, so sweet, so wholesome, so
speedily effective as warm baths with Cuticuba
Buap, and gentle applications of Cuticuba
(ointment), the great skin cure.
Sold throughout the world. ' Prise, Cuticcxa, £oe.i
Soap. Me.; Kesolysxt, £0c and (1. Porr*B Dies
AKt> Cbem. Cubp., Sole Prop*.. Boston.
afar- ■' How to Cur» Skin Dt»t««M," nulled tnt.
WERE ROCKED BY
THE EXPLOSION,
Several Vessels Got the Full
Force of the Concus
sion.
THEY WERE BOUND HERE
The Crews of the Fearless and
John Ena Viewed the Pinole
Disaster.
ANOTHER ALASKAN COAL MINE.
Miners Are Gong Up on the Theobald
and 2000 Tons Will Come to
This Market.
The crews of the tug Fearless and Ha
waiian ship John Ena had an exciting
experience during the tow down from
Mare Island. When opposite Pinole
The Tug Fearless and Ship John Ena Were Passing Pinole Point Yes
terday When the California Powder Works Blew Up. The
Concussion Almost Stopped the Tug, and the Ship Heeled
Over as Though in a Heavy Gale.
Point the California Powder Works blew
np. For an instant the powerful towboat
quivered and almost came to a standstill
while the big ship heeled over from the
force of the concuasion. Shortly after
ward there was a second explosion and
then a number of slighter detonations fol
lowed.
"I newer saw anything like it in all my
life," said Captain Dan Haskell of the tug
Fearless. "The explosion was terrific in
its force and the flame shot a hundred feet
into the air. Then the smoke and vapor
spread out until it looked like a gigantic
umbrella, the handle being the thin col
umn of smoke that connected the earth
with the covering. Th« second explosion
was not as bad as the first, and it seemed
to spread right from the ground. Imme
diately afterward there was a third, and
then we heard several light ones as we
steamed along. By the aid of glasses I
saw a number of houses in ruins, and I
guessed from that that the loss of life
would be considerable."
The John Ena is one of the handsomest
ships in port to-day. She is named after
a well-known Hawaiian planter and is
owned principally in Honolulu and San
Francisco. The shares were placed at $90
each and in consequence there are more
people interested in the vessel than in any
other that comes to this port. She will
dock at the seawall to-day and will take
in stiffening for Puget Sound. At Tacoma
she will load lumber for Port Piri, in Aus
tralia.
The bark Theobald sails to-day for Coal
Bay, Alaska. She will take up twenty
miners to reinforce the gang already there
and the vessel will bring back about 2000
tons of the black diamonds. This will be
the second trip of the bark to the mines. On
the last occasion she brought down 800
tons of coal and it proved of such quality
and sold so readily that the owners have
determined to develop the property. Over
120,000 tons of coal will be sold in Alaska
this year. All ihe canneries and Govern
ment vessels, the Treadwell mines and the
mines of the Alaska Commercial Com
pany will be supplied and bitka and
Juneau will be reeular customers. Captain
Swan of the Theobald, who is well in
formed about Coal Bay and its vicinity,
says the mine is one of the most promis
ing 'in Alaska.
The steamer Jennie got back from Cooks
Inlet yesterday. Captain Esser says that
there are over 3000 mii:ers on the beach
and that nearly all are destitute. The only
vessel to return from the Inlet before win
ter is the Dora and she has only accommo
dations for 150. If help is not sent before
winter sets in Captain Esser says the suf
ferings of the miners will be awful and
the deaths many. All the salmon fleet
had got away when the Jennie left. The
last to get away was the Prussia and she
had 35.000 cases aboard.
The Occidental and Oriental Company's
Gaelic, that went ashore on the coast of
Japan, has been docked it Nagasaki and
inspected. Several of her plates are
broken and the frnmes bent. It will take
considerable time to repair her.
The Harbor Commissioners decided yes
terday to light the clock in the new post
office at the foot of Market street. Chief
Engineer Holmes told the board that as
soon as it was ascertained what the post
oilice officials wanted in the shape of light
ing the necessary steps would be taken.
A light in the clock tower will be a great
boon to people who have to catch the late
boats.
The Risdon Iron Works asked for an ex
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 189(5.
tension of ninety days on its contract for
the ironwork on the depot. It was pointed
out that the company was delayed owing
to a clerical error in the plans, but tbe
Commissioners decided the delay would
not reach ninety days and laid the matter
over for consideration.
Oscar Lewis and Mahoney Bros., bonds
men for the late A. Paiee Brown, asked
tnat the matter of rectifying the error in
the plans go over until to-morrow. They
wanted to make tbe best possible term's
with the Risdon Iron Works in order to
protect Mrs. Brown. "If we can't get the
work done at a reasonable figure," said
Mr. Mahoney, "we will doit ourselves."
The matter was laid over as desired.
The contract for supplying lumber to
the commission for tbe next six months
was let to the Slade Lumber Company at
$13 a thousand. The price paid for the
last six months was $11 a thousand.
Architect Swain's specifications for tbe
painting and priminp on the ironwork of
the depot was not accepted. The Com
missioners thought the figures too high
and returned them to the architect for re
vision.
Henry Peterson's lanncn, the Amy, did
a big job for a small boat yesterday. She
towed 130 piles from Folsom-street wharl
to the Second-street bridge.
Over $30,000 in coin was taken out to the
line-of- battle-ship Oregon yesterday, A
corporal's guard took care of it until the
money was safely aboard. Before being
placed in the launch it was all put into a
big sack and sealed up. A long rope was
then attached to it and at the other end of
the rope was a buoy. This was done in
order to locate the sack in the event of the
launch capsizing.
The tug Vigilant took out a large party
on a fishing excursion last Sunday. Over
a ton of fish was taken, and everybody so
thoroughly enjoyed themselves that the
trip will be repeated on the 12th inst.
Captain Clem Randall knows every fish
inir-^round outside the heads, and any
party that he takes out may rest assured
of plenty of Bport.
NO HOPE FOR DINGLE.
The Manufacturers' Anaoclation Will
Not Relent in the Least.
The board of directors of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association met
yestreday. The embezzlement of the asso
ciation's funds by Assistant Secretary
Fred H. Dingle was discussed and the ex
pert accountant reported that the total
amount stolen was $899 45. Dingle's
mother asked the directors not to press
the charge against her son, whose case
comes up In the Police Court for examina
tion to-day.
After she bad retired the directors de
cided not to interfere with the course of
justice, but let the officers of the law pros
ecute Dingle the same as any other crim
inal. At present there are two charges
against Dingle.felonoiusand misdemeanor
embezzlement.
The directors further decided that they
will make good the shortage pro rata in
monthly installments until the expiration
of their terms of office, by which time the
money will all be made up.
A communication was received from the
National Association of Letter-carriers ask
ing the indorsement of the association in
the movement toward the holding of the
next convention in San Francisco in 1897.
The indorsement was freely given.
The board decided to take precautions
against any further loss by its employes
and a resolution was passed thatthe'bill
clerk and collector hereafter be placed
under $1000 bonds. P"«-cu
ONE YEAR OLD TO-DAY.
The Cafe Zlnkand Will Celebrate Its
First Anniversary.
It is just a year ago to-day that the Cafe
Zinkand first threw its doors open to the
public. The career of the establishment
since that date has been one of continued
success, and it is the intention of the pro
prietor to make to-day a remarkable oc
casion to the patrons of the house. To
this end a most elaborate bill of fare
has been prepared, and those who are
fortunate enough to visit the house to-day
will find a menu to choose from that in
variety cannot be excelled anywhere in
the land.
During the year that th« hou»« has been
catenni; to the people of San Francisco it
has enjoyed a patronage seldom accorded
to any establishment of the kind. Its
patrons have been served well, the bill of
fare always includes every delicacy in the
market, while in the matter of wines no
restaurant, even in the great cities of
Europe, can offer a greater variety of the
choicest vintages known in the worla.
Tc-day's menu, while elaborate will
only go to si)ow the ability of the pro
prietor to furnish a meal fit for an im
perial household, and it will serve to in
spire on the part of the visitors to the
house to-day a desire to become perma
nent patrons of a cafe where the most
tempting and toothsome viands can ever
be had, cooked aud served in regal style.
Gondftpeed Will Contest
An amended contest to the probate of the
wlli of Lucy C. Goods peed was died yesterday.
The document includes practically the same
allegations as set forth In the original contest,
imnioly, that the testatrix was not of sound
mind.
Trunks Moved 36 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Co.. 43 Sutter street.
Telephone Main 49. Keep your checks for us.
AN INSTITUTE
OF HYPNOTISM,
School Where Doctors Are
Taught to Put Patients
to Sleep.
MANY EAGER TO LEARN
The Mystery of Mental Sugges
tion Applied to Thera
peutics.
JOURNEYS IN THE MIND.
A Boy in Stockton "Who Saw a Woman
in Jo'iet Writing a
Letter.
"The Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute"
is the latest thing in San Francisco educa
tional circles. It is conducted by J. B.
Earley and E. J. Pause, professors of the
hypnotic art, and has Deen open for the
reception of pupils less ttian two weeks.
That the interest in the mystery of mes
merism and hypnotism is very general is
manifested by the great number who daily
knock at the doors of the institute.
Professor Earley is a pupil of Professor
Bernheim, acknowledged to be the head
and front of scientific hypnotism. With
Mr. Pause, he has traveled over a large
part of this country to finally locate per
manently in this City.
"The purpose of the institute," said Mr.
Pause yesterday, "is to teach hypnotism
on scientific lines for scientific uses. Our
pupils everywhere have come from the
ranks of physicians, dentists and minis
ters, for it is to that class alone that our
methods appeal.
"Ministers? Oh, yes; the better the
hypnotist the more successful the preacher.
Successful preachinK*is hypnotism. The
Salvation Army works through the agency
of hypnotism, though its soldiers may not
know or realize it. Over at Beulah Park
we have recent reports of how men and
women were actually thrown into the
cataleptic state, standing with arms ex
tended for hours, just as is done with the
subjects of exhibition hypnotists on the
stage. The successful salesman is a hyp
notist in a small way. You ask him for a
piece of blue cloth, and, having no blue,
he makes you believe you want brown.
You get home, away from bis influence,
and you wonder how you were persuaded.
"It is not fashionable any more not to
beleive in hypnotism. Its wonders are of
too common knowledge. Men of science
recognize its uses and employ it more
and more. I do not believe that men
should be permitted to practice hypno
tism indiscriminately — on the stige for in
stance. It should be limited to thera
peutic purposes.
"Do I know what hypnotism is? No
body knows that. know how it is
produced and something of its effects; we
do not know what it is any more than Mr.
Edison knows what electricity is.
"There are a good many false notions
abroad concerning hypnotism, 1 ' continue d
Mr. Pause. "In the first place it is an
error to suppose that to be hppnotized is a
sign of weakness mentally. The contrary
is true. To be sure, a man of strong will
can successfully resist the influence if he
desires. In fact, persons cannot be hyp
notized against their will. They must at
least be negative to the influence if they
do not assent. But, on the other hand,
an insane or even a feeble-minded person
is most difficult to influence. It is neces
sary to gain the attention of the subject
for the best and quickest results.
"At Stockton recently we experimented
considerably in the insane asylum. Many
of the attempts upon the insane were
fruitless. One young girl, a victim of epi
lepsy, was brought under the influence
only with great difficulty, but after sev
eral treatments her trouble was much re
lieved. She had had an average of ten
fits a day. When we left there she had
but one a day. No, a healthy person lends
himself to the influence more readily than
a sick one; an intelligent mind more read
ily than a weak one. Professor Wilson at
Santa Cruz submitted himself to a test
and fell under the influence instantly.
"Ihe different stages or states of hypno
tism? Well, there is first merely the
lethargic state in which the brain is more
or less conscious. Then there is the cata
leptic, where the muscles of the subject
become rigid. Then there is the active
somnambulistic state in which mental
suggestion is followed. It is in this state
that the surgeon may do his work with no
pain to the subject. The practitioner says
to the subject, for instance, 'You are now
enjoying the luxury of a Turkish bath.'
He may then cut the subject's leg off
while he, the subject, is feeling the pleas
ure of his Dath. Then there is the clair
voyant state in which the mind does won
derful and mysterious feats. You may be
a skeptic in the matter of ciairvoyancy.
So once was I. I have a letter just now
from a physician in Stockton, a pupil of
ours, who tells that through the clairvoy
ant power he has learned things of great
value to him.
"An incident of his instruction will
illustrate the power. We threw a little
newsboy into the clairvoyant state in our
rooms in this doctor's presence and told
him to make a test. He said to the boy,
'I want you to go with me to my old home
in Joliet, 111.' 'Very well,' said the boy;
'I'm there.' The doctor asked him to de
scribe the place, and he did perfectly.
Then the doctor said: 'Let us go into the
house. What do you see there?' The
boy described his family and said, 'Your
sister is sitting at a table writing a letter
to you.' 'Can you see wnat she is writ
ing ?' The boy read the letter so far as it
was written. Five days afterward the let
ter came to hand with the message as the
boy had read it. Such evidences of this
strange power is quite common to practi
tioners.
"We had a small boy in the clairvoyant
state here in the office the other eve nine.
He led us, according to suggestion, to
many places. Finally we landed him— by
suggestion of course— on Market street, at
the corner of Third. I told him to look
up at the clock in the Chronicle building
and tell us what time it was. 'It is 28
minutes of 9,' he said. We looked from
our window and saw that he had seen cor
rectly. No, as I Have said, I cannot un
dertake to explain it? 1 know nothing of
the cause of the phenomenon — I do not
know. I only know the results that we
gained, not how they were gained. Em
ployed for good, hypnotism is a great
boon in many ways, especially in surgery
and dentistry. The persons coming out
of a hpnotic sleep find themselves re
freshed more than from the natural
sleep. During that sleep they may nave
had their teeth plugged or their legs
sawed off." _
FATHER YORKE TO LECTURE
In Aid ot the Sacred Heart Presenta-
tion Convent.
To-morrow evening Rev. Father P. O.
Yorke will lecture on "Where Did We
Get the Bible From?" for tne benefit. 01
the Sacred Heart Presentation Convent,
on the corner of Ellis and Taylor streets.
For twenty-ei«ht years in San Francisco
the nuns of this convent have devoted
themselves most zealously for the training
and educating of young ladies reg ardless
of their stations in life as well as their
religious belief, and in common with other
charitablo institutions they have felt for
the past few years the hard times.
The lecture will be given at Metropoli
tan Temple to-morrow evening at 8
o'clock. Tickets will be 50 cents each, or
$1 for reserved seats. They can be had at
Keeffe's music-store, corner of Van Ness
avenue and Geary street; at the convent,
corner of Ellis and Taylor streets, or at the
box-office to-morrow evening before the
lecture. There will also be a grand vocal
and instrumental performance by the ex
graduates of the convent.
WOMEN'S PR SS ASSOCIATION.
Exercises at tbe Sixth Annual Conven-
tion of the Organization.
The sixth annual convention of the
Pacific Coast Women's Press Association
opened most auspiciously yesterday.
In the morning a business meeting was
held in the maple room of the Palace
Hotel. Proposed changes in the constitu
tion were the principal subjects of discus
sion.
Mrs. Ada H. Van Pelt's annual address
was the initial number of the afternoon
session. After it was the following pro
gramme:
"Dreams," (6) "Oh, That We Two," Mrs. Eva
Wren; violin solo, "Romance," Miss Charlotte
Gruenhagen; pacer, "Our Press Association,"
Mrs. Frances F. Victor; recitation (a) poem by
Emily Brown Powell, (6) selected.&iiss Marion
Powell; song, "Aye Maria," Alfred Wilkie.witb.
violin obligato, by Miss Gruenhagen; poem,
"Independence Hali," Mrs. Hester A. Dickin
son; address, "Our Foremothers," Charles A.
Murtlock; piano aolo (a). Mazourka B minor,
(6) Etude G flat (Chopin), John W. Metcalf;
reading, Mrs. Frances B. Edgerton.
The first business to-day will be the
election of officers for the coming year.
The regular ticket is headed by Mrs. Hes
ter A. Dickinson. Mrs. Frances Fuller
Victor and Mrs. Ada Van Pelt are nomi
nated for vice-presidents, Miss Fried
lander for recording secretary and Mrs.
Foster for corresponding secretary.
Following is tbe programme for this
afternoon:
Paper, Mrs. Alice McComas; recitation,
"Father's Way," (from Eugene Field), Miss
Stella Ames; song, "Orpheus With His Lute,"
Miss Edna Ritter; reading, "The Ere King,"
Rev. Edwards Davis (with musical interpreta
tion from Schubert and Liszt by John W. Met
calf); poem, Miss In a Coolbrith; bolero)
"Sweetheart of Mine," first time, (Mrs. Alma A.
Crowley, composer and accompanist, words by
Mrs. Ella M. Sexton), Alfred Wilkie; paper,
"Woman on Woman," Slirs Agnes Manning;
character recital, Miss Lillian O'Connell.
DOCKERY USED HIS GUN
A Refractory Milk- Wagon Driver
Is Halted by a
Bullet.
Twenty-Tbree Cans of Impure Milk
Dumped in the Gutter by the
Inspector.
For the second time since he received
his appointment Milk Inspector Dockery
had to use his pistol on a refractory milk
man yesterday morning and send a sing
ing bullet after a wagon that would not
halt. During the small hours of the
morning Dockery took his stand at Eiebt
eenth and Mission streets and held up a
number of wagons that were on their way
to the City to deliver the early morning
milk.
He was assisted by Market Inspector
Ben Davis and Inspectors Hanlon and
Harrigan, and within a short time a
balf dozen drivers were standing about
with anxious faces while Dockery applied
the tests that would either condemn the
fluid to being dumped into the street or
prove it sufficiently pure to be served to
customers. While the process was going
on Julius Buhm, who drives for Mrs. T.
Bauer, came by with his load and was
hailed by the Milk Inspector and told to
cet into line.
Instead of complying he whipped up his
horses and started down the street at a
rattling pace. Again and again he was
called upon to halt, but he paid no atten
tion, and then Dockery made a gun play.
A bullet went uncomfortably close to
Buhm's head and his pace slackened, but
he had gone a block before overtaken by
the inspector and compelled so return.
When an inspection of the milk in his
wagon jvas made the reason for his haste
was apparent. Not one of tne twenty-three
cans contained milk that would stand the
test, and he was driven to the City Prison
and locked up on a charge of bringing into
the City impure milk.
Later his milk was dumped into the
street to help flush the sewers. The milk
in all the other wagons examined was
found to be pure enough to stand the test.
KEPT THE SHOES.
D. C. James Draw* a Bevolver on a
Storekeeper and Gets Arrested.
D. C. James, a picture-peddler, was ar
rested last evening by Officers T. L.
Ryan and E. O'Day and detained at the
Southern police station on a double charge
of robbery ana carrying a concealed
weapon.
James entered Mark (Cohen's shoe
store, corner of Third and Howard streets,
at 6 p. m. for the purpose of getting a pair
of shoes he had left the day before to be
repaired.
He was banded tbe shoes and was about
to leave the place when Cohen informed
him that he had neglected to pay for th*
repairing. James refused tofcpay, and
when Cohen and his assistant procceeded
to recover the shoes James Dulled a re
yolver, ana covering tbe storeKeeper,
backed out of the building and walked
away.
Officers Ryan and O'Day were notified,
and after a short search located James
and placed him under arrest.
•—• — ♦ — *
Temporary Transfer Privileges.
Pending the renewal of operations on the
various lines of the Sacramento, Clay and
Powell street system, temporary transfer ar
rangements have been made with the Geary
and Market-street cars.
All cars of the Market-street Railway Com
pany runing along Market street will issue
transfers to and receive transfers from the
Kearney-street cars and the Gillmore-street
cars, both north and south bound, will issue
transfers to the Geary-street cars going west
and will receive transfers frow eastbound
Geary-street cars.
To Terminate a Trust.
George W. Prescott has applied to the Su
perior Court for permission to terminate two
trusts of $ 25.000 each, created by Charles H.
Simpkins for the benefit of Henry R. Simpkina,
his son, and Alice Simpkins, his daughter.
Prescott and Joslah W. Knowles were named
as trustees of the $50,000 and continued to
manage the fund up to the time of Knowles'
death, three months ago. The beneficiaries
are of legal age, and the remaining trustee
therefore prays for permission to give the
money into their hands to be invested as they
may see fit.
NEW TO-DAT.
Take No Substitute..
Gail Borden
Eagle Brand
mi ■ CONDENSED* Kile
Ha* always stood FIRST in the estima-
tion of the American People. No other is
"just as good." Best Infant Food.
JURY SECURED TO
TRY WINTHROP.
Taking of Testimony in
the Famous Case Be
gins To-Day.
CAMPBELL IN COURT.
Supported by His Wife, the
Prisoner Presents a
Bold Front.
POINTS OF THE PEOBECTJTION.
Religion of the Talesmen Inquired
Into by the Atorneys tor
the Defense.
Contrary to expectations, the jury whlcn
will try Oliver A. Wintnrop on the charge
of robbing James O. Campbell, the Ha
waiian millionaire, was secured yesterday
and with little difficulty. The taking 01
testimony will begin this morning.
For some unexplained reason the crowd
of sensation-lovers that usually frequents
prominent criminal trials was absent from
Judge Wallace's courtroom. Another
thing whicn surprised the court officials
was the lack of feeling against the ac
cused evidenced by the talesmen. Al
though column after column has been
published concerning tbe remarkable ad
ventures of Mr. Campbell, few of the citi
zens called for jury duty acknowledged
having formed a fixed opinion as to the
guilt of Winthrop.
When court opened District Attorney
Barnes, aided by Assistant A. P. Biack,
appeared for the prosecution. Captain
L«es and several of his Hawkshaws were
interested spectators, as also was the
prosecuting witness. For the defense At
torney Frank Bell appeared. Mrs. Win
throp, neatly attired in a well-fitting suit
of black, with a pretty bonnet and new
red gloves, nestled consolingly close to her
husband's side. The prisoner himself
seemed cheerful and at ease. He nodded
smilingly to several acquaintances, and
KEW to»dat: V ;
We are spending money
to tell you of better tea
than you are drinking.
Will you spend the time
to go to your grocer and
ask for the tea, and make
it, and find out whether we
are right or not ?
Does it make no differ-
ence to you what you
drink ?
If there is tea that an-
swers all other purposes
and is pleasant to drink, do
(you want it?
At groccfs ! — Schillings
Best — in packages.
■MaPFMtdwo ' IK*
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
TO-MORROW NIGHT
GRAND OPENING OF
The Big Show of the World!
THE GREAT
ADAM ... SELLS
PAW nu BEOS.
AT CENTRAL PARK.
{America's Greatest
Shows Combined.
DON'T MISS SEEING
2 GREAT PARADES
United at 10 A.M.
To-Morrow. o
The Largest Menagerie
in the World.
4— BIG CIRCUSES— 4
BOO— Star Artists— Boo
100-— Great Acts-— lOO
Two Herds of Performing
Elephants. Educated Seals and
Sea Lions. Two Great Hippo-
potami. The only living Rhi-
noceros. Greatest Performing
Beasts. Beyond all comparison
the largest, richest and moat
complete Arenlcand Zoological
enterprise In the world. Two performances dally
at 2 and 8 p. m. - Doors open an hoar earlier,
Seating capacity 15.000. 25 uniformed ushers.
Numbered coupon. Actually reserved seats on
sale at PACIFIC MUSIC COMPANY'S, 816 Mar-
ket street.
MECHANICS'
INSTITUTE PAVILION.
Twenty-Ninth Industrial Exposition!
HOME * PRODUCTS EXHIBITION
UNDHR THE AUSPICES OF THE
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE
. — -AND THK
Manufacturers' and Proiueers' Association
OPENS SEPTEMBER 1.
CLOSES OCTOBER 3.
Machinery in Motion.
. Trade Exhibits in Operation.
The Latest Innovations in Electrical Science.
All Exhibits Ready on the Opening of the Fair.
Picturesque Stands and Booths.
State risheries Exhibit.
Carefully Selected Art Gallery.
Orchestra of 40 Musicians Under the Leader-
ship of GUSTAV HINKICHS.
ADMISSION:
Double Season Ticket $5 00
Single season Ticket. ....«3 00
Children's Season 11ckec.................::...f 1 50
Adult Admi55i0n.............. 25c
Admission 16c
rSoiesmYoiirHeaSri
: ~~ j
< What does that mean ? Sup- I '
I ' pose you are taking in money j \
( all day, and drop it into a c! [
([> pocket -with holes ; you will j !
{ l find yourself a loser instead of 1 1
a a gainer by the day's business. S i
]>;> Same with your health. You c \
(|c eat and drink and sleep, yet |>
J*) lose instead of gain strength. (j[
<s There's a hole in your health. /'
]'> Some blood disease, probably, <j!
v sapping your vitality. You ?!•
? can't begin, too soon, to take Si
|iS the great blood purifier, V.
i Ayer's Sarsaparilla. |i
throughout the labor of securing the jury
paid close attention to the proceeding s.
The defense was very careful in the se
lection of jurymen and went into the mat
ter of the relipious views of the talesmen
before it would pas* any one. District At
torney Barnes objected to this, but Bell
sprang a Supreme Court decision on him,
and Judge Wallace overruled the objec
tion. Winthrop's connection with the
American Protective Association is the
cause of the anxiety of the defense on re
ligious matters.
District Attorney Barnes opened pro
ceedings by presenting a statement of the
alleged robbery of Campbell and the at
tempt to extort from him an order on his
wife for a large sum of money. After that
the work of securing the jury lasted until
O F. M.
The jurors acceptable to both sides are:
E. P. Siovail, Robert McMillan, E. L.
Cutten, L. F. Fogtr, E. C. Denoigan. John
A. Clover, M. A. Graham, James McCul
lough, Matthew Culhgan, Robert Bragg
oseph Binet and M. Schweitzer
_ NEW TO-iAT-AMaSiiMEIfTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
liv at the Tl BWLUAST
Ua\ nWIU success!
UMLI/7f 111 I ENTHUSIASTIC
-, „. ' — J RECEPTION!
E vea h n SARDOU'S SSSe'SSr
"Madame sans gene"
(MADAME DON'T CAB J.)
The Success of Two Continents.
KATHRYN KIDDER
In the Title Role. On account of the heavy de-
mand seats can be secured XVi days in advance.
"p at the . jMOIDAI NEXT.
tAUFORNIA STEVE BRODIE
In "ON THK BOWKKY."
Seats Ready Thursday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Aiiu>. nßWrrnrir m<H.i,i vn. i'ruprieior &-ilaua£*c
Season of Grand Opera !
■jpo-axriG-siT.
Also Friday and Sunday Evenings,
Verdi's Tragic Opera,
"E PI IST uA. IST I!"
Correct Costumes Beautiful Scenery,
TO-MOKKOW
And Saturday Evenings, by Special Request,
"RIGOLETTO!"
NEXT WEEK— Lucia, Trovatore, Borneo
and Juliet.
First Appearance this Season of Mile. IdaValerga,
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
~~1 MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOKOSCO. Sola loesses mil .\Uiu:x'
KOAKS OF~irt-KKIMENT
GREET THOSE TWO FUNNY FOLKS,
LOTTIE WILLIAMS, Soubrette,
and KO. J. H X •>, Comedian,
In the Thrilling Nautical Melodrama, .
"KBLjID IN SLAVERY,"
Under the Direction of HAKRY SKDLEY. -*
Terrific Storm With Real Rain ! Most Realistic ot
Fire Scenes! Exciting Duel With Knives!
Great Electric Effects!
4 PICK A N INNIES— 4
NEW SONGS! NEW DANCES! NEW3ONGSI
Evening Prices— 2sc and s'Jc.
Famllv circle and Gallery, 10c.
A I A7AR Belasco, Doane & Jordan,
/■» 1— t\ £*t\r\ Lessees and Managers.
O'Farrell Street. Bet. TUCATCD
Stockton and Powell. 1 nLrt 1 C, r\
CROWDED AND ENTHUSIASTIC HOUSES
GIVE OENEROUS APPLAUSE.
The Sparkling Comedy,
"TURNED UP,"
By tbe Alcazar stock Company of Players.
Prices, 15, 25, 35 and 50 Cents.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday,
15, 35 and 35 Cents.
PHONE BLACK 991.
Next Week-" All The Comforts of Home."
Secure Your Seats in Advance.
n'FurreU K frop:. ween Stockton an l PowslL
Week Commencing Monday, Aug. 31,
.M.ll iiu'i- To- .Day (Wednesday), Sept. •■}»
Parquet, any sent, 25c; Balcony, any seat, lOc
Children, 10c, any part.
FILiSON «Sb ERROL,
Return Engagement for me Week of
LIMA YJEAMANS-TITUS,
Assisted by FRED J. TIT
Only 2 nights more of the 4 NELSON" SISTERS
and HERR TJ-.CHOWS TKAINED CATS.
26 America's Greatest Artists 29
'rRICDLAnnCR.GOTTU)!!* n>- uy>MA^onA«»6tav
EVEKTBODY INDORSES
THE SOCIAL TRUST! '
Acted, Staged and Presented In Such a Perfect
t - ... Manner by
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
Seats now on gale for "The Wife," Monday, Sept. 7
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth!
Open Daily from 1 to 11 P. M.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE DE FILIITES, -' - i
THE ZANFARILLAS.
BRING THE CHILDREN — —
To See the New Bears and
The Happy Family of Monkeys!
ADMISSION 10 CENTS.
Children, Including :<lerry-Uo-Kound Hide, 6 cent%
SUTRO BATHS.
' Open Daily from 7 a. m. Until 11 p. v.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
General Admission — Adults 10c. Children sc. .
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
FAMILY EXCURSION
TO — —
SANTA CRUZ!
■fSar/KHKNS $£?&£& -tifiSlSitiViir fnSmfifr
JjtS&MttMi* tJH^jßuggy iil&iiniwmt'M jJaa^Jmßay
SUNDAY, Sept. 6.
From S3. P. Ca's Ferry Landing (narrow gauge}
' at 7:15 a. m.
Five floors at tbe Seashore. 5&
.5»2 TICKET ©2 1
The excursion will be in charge of MR. WM. H.
MENTON, Excursion Passenger Agent S. P. Co. I
Returning arrive at San Francisco at 8:05 p. ir.
For further Information apply at Grand Hotel
Ticket Office. 613 Market street. r.
RICHARD RAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
. Truliic Mgr. Ueu'l Pass. Agt.
78
WILLIAMS CASE
IS NOW CLOSED,
Collector Wise Was on the
Witness-Stand To-
Day.
HOW CHINESE CAME IN
The Assistant District Attorney
on Wong Sam's Char
acter.
ARGUMENT OF COUNSEL BEGUN
Defendant Accused of Having Depos
ited $4500 in Bank Within
Three Months.
The testimony in the Williams case was
concluded yeßterday and the argument of
counsel was begun.
The day's proceedings opened with In
spector Ben Harrison on the stand. The
witness swore that the only exception to
tbe rule requiring written reports ou all
Chinese cases investigated were in those
instances when Williams had charge.
Harrison further said that defendant's
reputation for truth, honesty and veracity
was bad. It was also developed that the
landing certificate of Chin Shee Hung had
been made out by Tobin, and that "Wil
liams had examined the: Chinese on board
the steamer.
The prosecution then called United
States Commissioner Heacock, Rev. Fred
erick Masters, pastor of the Chinese Mis
sion, Rev. Ira Condit, a Chinese mission
ary, and Deputy Collector Tobin, all testi
fying that the general reputation of
Williams was bad. On cross-examination
Mr. Condit said the character of Wong
Sam was also bad.
Collector Wise was then recalled for the
defense. He said that in 1893 one hun
dred and twenty-seven females arrived, in
which there were only eight written
reports. He said also that Wil
liams, during tLe period namfd, had
no connection witii the "women cases."
Continuing be said tbat the records
show that in 1894 110 female Chinese
arrived and five reported in writing. In
1895 seventy-one women arrived, on which
fcixteen reports were written by tbe in
spectors and twenty-four by various other
officials.
"When did you examine the records?"
questioned Mr. Henley.
•LAst night," was the reply, "because
in my office Major Moore — "
"Never mind what Major Moore said,"
interrupted Mr. Henley.
"Weil," continued tbe Collector, "the
statement was made that Williams had
charge of tho&e cases and 1 . waut to
show — "
At this point Judge Morrow interrupted
the Collector and asked him to answer
only the questions put to him.
At the conclusion of Mr. Wise's testimony
the defense and prosecution announced
that no further evidence was at hand and
the case lor and against was announced as
closed.
Assistant United States District At^rney
Scnlessinger addressed the jury. Hvpaid
particular attention to the attempt of the
defense to 6how the bad character of
Wong Sam. Among other things he said:
This case is in a meaure dependent upon
Chinese testimony. The crimes charged upon
the defendant conbist of transactions with the
memb.Ts of that race. The defendant's busi
ness associates were Chinese. They had to be
brought here ah wituesses, and are entitled to
the same credit hs other witnesses; but an
effort has been made to impeach the repu
tmion of one of the principal witnesses for the
Government, Wong Sam. The Government
assert? that he has not been impeached; that
bis testimony is corroborated by the uncontra
dicted circumstances oi the case, and his evi
dence should therefore be considered; how
ever, if Wong bam stands beiore this jury in
an unfavorable light, our answer # is, that he
was the business associate of this defendant.
He does not deny his share in the transactions.
The Government does not contend that Wong
bam stands in this community lor high moral
integrity, but he is exactly the person you
could expect to tind as the partner in crime oi
this defendant. Williams selected him, and it
is with bad grace that he now attempts to
blacken his reputation.
Williams contends that he had money be
fore his appointment as a Chinese Inspector.
Do you believe it? If he had had money
money would he in his conversation with Van
Pelt have made the remark, "This business
Will be a. godsend?"
Mr. Schiessinger then reviewed at length
the testimony offered by tba defense, as
compared with that of tiie prosecution.
In conclusion he said:
I reiterate, gentlemen, that the Chinese tes
timony for tue Government im this case is
corroborated by circumstances unexplainable,
the delay in the landings, the absence of the
reports and another circumstance, perhaps the
most conclusive of all, to which 1 will now ad
vert. During the period of time set out in this
indictment, a period of three months, the de
fendant's deposits in banks of this City
amounted to nearly $4500. The mathema
tician does not live who can account for the
possession of so much money on the basis of
the salary received by the defendant; and if
he was the honest, active and fearless officer it
is claimed, he cou.d not have made it in ont-
Fi<le business. Can you reconcile your con
sciences with the facts concerning this
money? Are you not convitced that during
the peiiod set out in this indictment Williams
•wAs extorting and extorting extensively?
The Government, with modesty, has put his
extortions at an amount far below the true
Bum, as shown by these deposits.
Attorney Coogan, for the defense, then
began his argument. He contended that
no case had been made out against Wil
liams, and that he was a persecuted in
stead of a prosecuted man.
Mowry followed in a similar strain, and
when 4 o'clock came he was still speaking.
He will conclude this morning, and then
Mr. Henley will close for the prosecution.
It is expected that a verdict will be
reached some time to-uay.
MRS. GERDES DIVORCED.
• The Wife of the Kearny-Street Drug
gist Secures a Legal Separa
tion.
Henry G. Gerdes, a druggist doing busi
ness at the corner of Pine and Kearny
etreet, is wifeless. Yesterday Judge Sea
well granted Avisia Gerdes a divoice
because of the extreme cruelty with wbich
he had been in the habit of treating her.
Judge Murphy yesterday granted a di
vorce to Michael Kilkenney from Annie
Kilkenney, because of tbe latter's habitual
intemperance. The custody of the minor
children was awarded to plaintiff.
Judge Hebbard ordered J. C. McEennan
to pay his wife, Mattie McKennan, |40 per
month alimony.
NOW FOR THE CHARTER.
The Citizen* Association' Preparing for
a Big 31 ass Meeting.
The first large mass meeting in favor of
the new charter will take place at Metro
politan Temple next Friday evening, Sep
tember 4, under the auspices of the Citi
zens' Charter Association. James D.
Phelan, president of the association, will
call the meeting to order, and Horace
Davis will preside as chairman of the'
meeting. Among the prominent citizens
"who have already consented to address the
mass meeting are the following well
tnown speakers: -
Irving M. * Scott, Colonel Thomas ,, F.
Barry, James S. Corn well, Colonel E. A.
Denecke, Colonel M. H. Hecht, F. W.
Dorhmann, Frank McCoppin, Henry N.
Clement, Charles Wesley Reed, a. P. van
Duser, I. J. Truman, Dr. T. A. Rottanzi
and ' others. At least 200 of the leaciinjr
citizens ana taxpayers of San Francisco
will act as vice-presidents of the meeting.
It is expected that this opening meeting
will prove a vigorous beginning of the
campaign in favor of the adoption of the
new charter for San Francisco.
• — ♦ •
SAVED FROM SLAVERY.
Chief Crowley Protects Katshu Tano,
a Japanese Girl, From Her
Persecutors.
Katshu Yano, a Japanese girl, was
brought from Fresno yesterday morning
by Detective Siivey on a warrant charging
her with petty larceny. The case was
called in Judge Joachimsen's court in the
afternoon and was dismissed.
The complaining witness was M. Ishii,
118 Prospect place, and he alleged that the
girl, with whom he had been living for
four years, had stolen a $20 gold piece
from him and some letters.
Chief Crowley investigated the case and
decided to protect the Kirl. Her story was
that Ishii had been living off her earn
ings, when she learned about six weeks
ago that be was negotiating with some
Chinese to sell her for $700. Sue fled to
Fresno, leaving all her clothing except
what she wore. In Fresno she made a liv
ing by teaching pupils to play on the sam
sin and other Japanese instruments, and
wanted to be a good girl.
The Chief was satisfied that Ishii had
trumped up the charge against the girl to
regain possession of her, and she will be
detained in the matron's quarters in the
City Prison till she can, find a home.
FERNANDEZ IS GRATEFUL.
The Deckhand Addresses the
Officers of the Children's
Society.
Suitable Testimonial of Regard to the
Memory of General John
McComb.
"I am proud of my medal and most
grateful for having the right to wear it.
Though I know nothing of speechmaking,
I am sure you gentlemen will understand
me. During life I shall wear my medal
whenever I want to look my best, and
after my death I hope it will be buried
with my body."
Thus did Gus Fernandez address the
directors of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children at their meeting
yesterday afternoon. Though his lan
guage sounded strange to English ears,
his meaning was plain, and the directors
responded to his expression of gratitude
by pressing his hand.
"I am sure," remarked President Sonn
tag, "that the first presentation of the so
ciety's medal has been made to a brave
man who well deserved it. His courage
ous forgetfulness of self in the prompt
rescue of Mrs. Mitchell and her son when
they were in imminent peril of drowning
clearly merited some special recognition
from this society. I hope this event in
his life may inspire him to the repetition
of similar deeds of bravery and" mercy
and serve as an example to others."
Fernandez, his face aglow with satisfac
tion, albeit somewhat confused at the
praises showered upon him, took his de
parture amid a burst of applause, and the
business of the meeting was resumed.
It was decided that a medal be awarded
to James Fulton Shepard of Alameda, the
young man who saved a boy of 12 years
named Willie Durant from drowning.
The circumstances of tbe rescue were
fully detailed in The Call of the follow
ing morning.
The special committee appointed to
draft resolutions of respect to the memory
of the late General McComb, former secre
tary of the society, presented the follow
ing, which was unanimously adopted:
Whereas. The late General John McComb
brought to the discharge of his duties a
tary of this society all the advantages acquired
by long and varied experience; and whereas,
his familiarity with the care of public wards,
his long connection with the public press and
with courts of law ail contributed in making
up his special fitness for the position. As an
evidence of appreciation by this board it is
Resolved, That in the death of its late secre
tary, John McComb, tne Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children sustains a direct
and a great loss, and that it is no reflection
upon the capacity of his successor that this
board regarded the loss as almost irreparable.
Resolved, That this memorial and these reso
lutions be spread upon the minutes of the
board and a copy thereof be furnished to the
lamily of the deceased, and that a copy be
offered to the press of this City.
c." p. Pun,
1. T. Ml 1.1,1 KEN,
G. Palache,
Committee.
WATCHMEN NOT WATCHED
No Track of Their Engagements
Kept in the Sheriffs
Oifice.
Peculiar State of Affnrs Disclosed by
an Order in the Howard
Black Case.
A peculiar state of affairs which prevails
in the Sheriff's office came to light in
Judge Slack's court yesterday. An order
to show cause why Sheriff Whelan should
not pay to the creditors of Howard Black
money realized from a sale of certain as
sets was before the court. The Sheriff
claimed that he was entitled to $12 for four
days' keeper's fees under attachment, $45
for fifteen days' watchman's fe?s in in
solvency, ?20 attorney's fees, and re
ceiver's fees at a certain percentaee on the
amount collected.
Under the new fee bill the Sheriff is en
titled to but $2 a day for watchmen's and
keepers' fees, which he acknowledges.
The attorney for the creditors, Leon
Bamuels, objected, however, to payment
of the watchman's fees at all, alleging that
the place was locked up all the time and
no watchman was needed or on hand.
Deputy Simon oi tbe Sheriff's office
claimed the watchman was there, but
when asked who he was and on what
dates could not tell, and it was developed
that no timebook is kept on tbe doings of
the various watchmen and keepers em
ployed in attachment and insolvency
cases. Judge Slack was surprised, anil
advised Simon to keep such a boox.
The aigument as to why attorney's fees
should be paid was very weak, and in all
probability that item will be disallowed
when the case comes up this morning.
Threat* to Kill.
E. Vcntuona, saloon-keeper, 500 Francisco
street, swore to a complaint in Judge Joachim
sen's court yesterday charging John Hall
with threats to kill. He said that Hall and
some others raised a disturbance in his saloon
on Friday evening and he swore out com
plaints tor their arrest for malicious mischief.
Monday night Hall went to the saloon and
pulling a revolver out of his pocket threatened
to kill Ventuona if he pushed the case r gainst
him for malicious mischief.
Fire in a Dwelling.
An alarm was sounded from box 126 yester
day, at 5:30 P. M., for a blaze on the roof of
John T. Bowers' dwelling, 1227 Washington
street. The damage was nominal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1896.
THE BUCKLEYITE
LOCAL CONVENTION
Delegates to It Named at
the Primary Election
Last Night.
MEET TO-MORROW NIGHT
Dr. Stanton for Mayor and a
Dollar-Limit Platform the
Programme.
THE LEGISLATIVE CANDIDATES
The Primary Was Quiet, Althongh
the Stuffers Ran Out of Bil
lots South of Market.
The Buckley primaries for the election
of delegates to the municipal convention,
which will meet in B'nai B'rith Hall to
morrow Bight and for the nomination of a
Legislative ticket, were pretty largely at
tended and with the additional and usual
resource of voting ballots in bunches
several thousand votes were rolled up.
What rows occurred were little ones
and due mainly to steam beer. As with
but few exceptions the tickets had been
properly decided on with the aid of
i ßuckley's advice beforehand, there were
contests in but few districts. The princi
pal one was in the Seventeenth Senatorial
District, where Police Court Clerk Law
rence Buckley of the Twenty-eighth As
sembly District and Thomas F. Egan of
the Street Department and the Twenty
ninth District were hot rivals for the
Senatorial nomination.
Egan had his district solid for him, and
"Larry" Buckley was just as solid across
Third street Both sides voted every bal
lot that could be rustled up, if not more,
and though the vote was really large,
especially in the Twenty-eighth, the con
test depended mainly on the supply of
ballots. Up in the Twenty-ninth, at
Irish-American Hall, the inspector would
open and inspect any large bunches of
ballots offered by a voter he was not quite
sure of, and down at First and Howard
streets Mr. Buckley's interests were
looked after just as faithfully. Each side
sent watchers and challengers to the
other's district, and in each district the
enemy was thrown out and chased away
from the polls.
The Egan election officers in the Twen
ty-ninth counted 975 ballots, threw out 8
and credited Egan with 952. In the Twen
ty-eighth 961 ballots were taken from the
box, and at midnight no votes for Egan
bad been found. It was thought last night
that Buckley would have the most votes,
and that Egan would contest the election.
There were no other contests for Senator
ial nominations, and there were contests
for tuo Assembly nomination in but three
districts. The Senatorial ticket is as fol
lows:
Seventeenth District— La wrenco Buckley.
Nineteenth — W. J. Bell.
Twenty-first — James D. Powers.
Twenty-third— 1). J. McCarthy.
Twenty-fifth— George F. Callaghan.
The nominations for the Assembly are
as follows:
Twenty-eighth District— Lawrence J. Conlon.
Twenty-ninth— James J. Meagher.
Tiiirty-first— T. E Treaccy.
Thirty-second— John A. Townley.
Thirty-third— E. J. Crane.
Thirty-fourth— John McConvil'.e.
Thirty-fifth— R J. Carr.
Thirty-sixth— Henry AlcGrath.
Thirty-seventh— Harry J. Mulcrevy.
Thirty-eight n— Percy lioldstone.
Thirty-ninth— Lee liarnert.
Fortieth— Charles S. Roscner.
Forty-fiist— Henry M. Owens.
Forty-second— E. J. Reynolds.
Forty-third— A. H. Armstrong.
Forty- fourth — Gabriel Nathan,
Forty-fifth— Felix Mulgrew.
The following are the statesmen who
will assemble in B'nai B'ritn Hall to-mor
row night to begin the work of nominat
ing a ticket for Chris Buckley, there being
a representation of twenty-rive fr.m each
district, making a convention of 450:
TWENTY-FIGIITir.
Owen Whirty | James Laughlin
George McElroy James Lynch
Johnßafferty Daniel Murray
Charles Brady Patrick Moriarity
Peter Brown Michael Moran
John Butler Daniel McKlernan
John Canavan JohnNagle
P. J. Casey Garrett Pickett
John Coakley Michael Ryan
Edward Cosgrove Timothy B" Ryan
James Daly Charles Kappold
Thomas Howard Georee Scanlan
Martin Heaney J. J. Sweeney
Patrick Keegau Eugene Kullivan
Michael Kilday
TWENTY-NINTH.
David Brady . (ieorge B. Hughes
Timothy McSweeney John Hughes
Thomas Brosnan Thomas Morrish
P. H. Cahill James McAdams
William Collins Robert McCord
J. D. Courtney R. J. O'Reilly
James Desmond J. J. Phelan
D. P. Dolau James Plunkett
Hugh Dougherty Timothy Regan
William Dwyer Henry Stein
Henry Gallagher Elmar Tenant
Thomas Horan W. H. Zander
P. Horton
THIRTIETH.
James Brady John Hunt
John H. Miller James Irwin
William Byron p. Kean
James Callan Charles Kelly
John Carney J). Martin
Edward Cleary James Murphy
John Conway Phil McGovern
James F. Crecgan D. ODea
James Curtin R. Rusch
Thomas Egan c. SchimmelpfeninK
M. Grosslicht T. W. Scriven
E. Hanrahan George Smith
John Harrington
THIRTY-FIRST.
Charles J. Gallagher James Murphy
Will mm McLaughlin H. Newhon
R.L.Barry J. H. O'Brien
John Clifford J. J. O'Connell
Ed Coakley Thomas O'Donnell
James E. Donovan T. J. O'Connor
D. Herlihy M. M. Rahgan
C. J. Harrlgan .1. J. Sullivan
William Hogan William Shafer
Henry M< Kenna William Sullivan
Thomas Kennedy P. T. Tannian
M. J. McCarthy Thomas Martin
Ed Mullaiy
THIRTY-SECOND.
John Buckley James Glover
John A. Townloy George Larson
John Mngee Thomas Lombard
James B. HcManus Thomas Lacey
C. Austin James J. Larkin
Richard J. Barry George Miller
Thomas Brady Daniel J. Mahony
Mark Brown James McDermott
William H. Casey Frank Korton
John Coughlin Charles W. Obert
Patrick c reign ton Dennis H. Shahan
Peter Donnelly John Twigg
Frank Fleck Thomas Tierney
Joseph Gallagher I
THIRTY-THIRD.
Daniel Riordan Timothy Godsil
John O'Brien William J. Hayes
Charles Schilling Thomas Kelly
John Collins Daniel Kerrigan
Thomas Cummings Antnony Jones
John J. Cummings John Loughran
W'lliam Collins Dennis Lucy
Tim Cronin 11. >i. c. Mangels
William G. Daley Edward Mahoney
l>. E. Doyle Frank O'Donnell
Lawrence Donovan Thomas A. O'Rourke
Patrick Flaherty M. D. Riordan
James Flynn
THIRTY-FOURTH.
James J. Flynn I William Dunbar
Dr. W. D. McCarthy I M. C. Hojin
Thomas Burns W. J. Hallinan
Charles Burns Neil Harrington
Frank Cassiay D. D. Keane
Daniel Curry T. J. McBride
Henry Dowden George McGhin Jr
William Dowdall William Murray
I. Danieiwitz John H. O'Brien
John Dwyer John Nearry
John Devany John Rooney
O. B. Dreuscke John L. Sullivan
Thomas F. Doolln William Wynne
THIRTY-FIFTH.
P. J. Donahue George Kelly
Eugene McCarthy Dennis Kelly
Thomas Carr E. Lenhardt
1". J. Cody William May
William Code William Newson
William Conroy J. F. McAuliifa
Michael Dolan Patrick Rielly
Charles Downfh Michael Spillane
John Donohue Frank Smith
Joseph Elliott George Tiernan
Michael Fay John Windrow
Patrick Gleason Jefferson Martinet
Charles Glock John Whitehurst
J. J. Johnson
THIRTY-8IXTH.
Behrend Joost Thoraai Leddy
M. G. Seari Thomas McLaughlin
John Burns J. J. McDonnell
Denis Barry Arthur O'Brien
William Brown lie James Reynolds
S.J. Crowley William Ring
Thomas Conway Kewman Rose
Thomas Casserlv William Sheritt
Thomas Clarke Jr John Still
Thomas Carrick William Welch
Frank A. Carroll Daniel Ward
John Denehy John White
Hugh Foley
THIRTY-SEVENTH.
James C. Nealon Sam Goldstone
E. B. Young Harry M. Kelly
Fred Bernzardt Peter Kelly
John Bullier Frame Lawler
James Crcighton Isaac Levy
Thomas Cronin Thomas Murphy
Dennis Crowley J- J. McCarthy
P. Cullen John D. Nagle Jr
James S. Devlin William J. l'he.an
E. F. Driscoll Daniel Sullivan
William J. Egan William J. Tuska
J. W. Fatiey J. T. Wichman
Frank X. Foley
THIRTY-EIGHTH.
Phil 8. Fay ' J. E. Manning
Peter Garrity John Mapuire
John Clifford E. J. Marley
Charles Cram D. F. Meehegan
E. G. Crowther Daniel McCarthy
Thomas Donahue John McCarthy
John A. Donnelly Frank McNally
Thomas J. Dorgan T. F. Sullivan
Frank Dunn J.R. Tobin •
John Fay Thomas Tracy
Louis Goldstone William Schilling
Stephen Gunn Jos. Wannenmacher
J. J. Uogan
THIRTY-NINTH.
James B. Brooks Arthur B. Lawson
Frank Maloy Thomas Lowe
John F. Bolster Joun Morau
Philip Broad Richard Murphy
F. A. Browning James Murtha
Patrick Callaghau Robert E. Murray
L. F. Compton D. R. McMillan
Daniel Doody B. F. Napthaly
John Dowd D. J. Oliver
James F. Ford M. H. Heligman
James Ghdea Oliver Sloan
Edward Healey Fred Spreen
Joseph b. Kennedy m
FORTIETH.
Robert Haight Simon Kelleher
Cnarles J. Meggerty Kiernan Kelly
William Barry Walter F. Lyoni
Thomas F. Brady Eugene Murphy
Thomas H. Brady Frank McLane
George Casey John O'Connor
Thomas Gumming* W. C. Read
M. Cusick W. C. Kels
Thomas Farrell James Riordan
Charles Gatdella Charles Wellendori
Bernard Griffin Wm. H. Wiggins Jr.
Harry Hart Samuei Zachariaa
John Heaney
PORTY-FIRST.
Henry Ach John Hurson
Edward C. Harrison Chester W. Keogh
H. J. Allen Joseph C. Kelly
Daniel Bowen F. X. Larkey
N. J. Brennan E. M. Morgan
Edward P. Cole Johu Malion
P. F. Canavan R. C. Mattingly
T. P. Corrigan T. A. McUowan
William Cook K. 1!. Regensberger
Miofcael t'aliaghan Reel B. Terry
Michael Gaffney Harry Venn
W. T. Haveky Charles Wetsel
Daniel Hanlon
FORTY-SECOND.
William F. Humphrey £. H. Hanjes
James O'Connor M. E. Lovejoy
Nelson Anderson Roswell Lee
V. U. brooks J. J. Kelly
Charles Brusch Peter Mannix
II. X. Clarke H. J. Reynolds
M. Clarify Walter M. Rose
Charles Donlan G. Stein
John Douglass P. Tammony
John Driscoll Isaac Phillipson
E. C. Daiss John Wallace
Josepii Fletcher J. E. While
>". r. Fllnn
FORTY-THIRD.
C. L. Ackerman William Lovo
Horace G. Platt Joseph Mansfield
A. M. Armstrong Matt O'Donnell
Joseph Clark James Quirk
Charles Craig Gus Richer
Thomas F Cullen Nat Rogers
Charles Dunne S. Sonnenfeld
r. E. Durham Patrick Sullivan
John Grady Thomas L. Waiid
C. II. liaswcll Jr. Edward Wilson
William Henderson J. A. Winthrop
Thomas Kenealey F. Ziegelmayer
John Lacey
FORTY-FOURTIT.
James A. Devoto 8. Maestretti
Charles McCarthy Charles T. McCarthy
D. G. Antonovich M. McGrath
W. H. Britton John O'Connell
John C. Burke George Podesto
W. J. Carr S. G. Pope
David Capurro 1. Rosenheim
A. Cereghino Austin Roas
E. J. Cosgrove E. Scodelletti
James Cosgrove W. Thomas
H. Devecchi j. L. Valente
J. Jeffray H.I. Wilson
James Kerwin Jr.
FORTY-FIFTH.
Joseph Castro Thomas Murray Jr.
Dr. James I. Stanton John Phillips
John Crouley j. K. Ross
John Connors Dr. Stone
G A. Casey James McCarthy
Harry Donaldson Fred Nobman
Frank Duchatel Lawrence Smith
James Douglass Daniel Sullivan
Arthur Korcade Peter Thorntou
Sands \V. Forman Paul Valetin
William Gillcspie John Vahcy
John Harrigan M. J. White
Richard Keegan
STANTON FOR MAYOR.
Buckley Will Run Him on a
Dollar - Limit Plat
form.
Dr. James I. Stan ton, the Railroad Com
missioner, is looked upon by the Buck
leyitesas their angel, because they think
he is the only man in their faction who,
as head of their ticket, would make even
a bluff at carrying Chris Buckley through
the local campaign.
The Buckleyites insist on him taking
the nomination for Mayor, and yesterday,
after some weeks of hesitation, he spoke
favorably to his friends of accepting the
nomination, and promised to give a posi
tive answer to day.
The buckleyites propose, if they get a
chance to run a ticket at all, to play the
dollar limit and lower gas and water rates
as the chief features of their platform. All
the nominees for Supervisors will be
pledged to the dollar limit. This pledge
applies only to public municipal taxation,
■ni r V.° the slate is already made up.
Fleet F. Strother is to be the candidate for
Auditor, Thomas J. Glynn will be renomi
nated for Recorder and M. C. Haley will
be named for County Clerk. '
— ' ♦ ' .
SOUND-MONEY DEMOCRATS
Chairman Pond Appoints the
Working Campaign Com
mlttess.
The executive committee of the Sound-
Money Democratic League cleared its
decks for campaign work at a meeting in
the assembly room of the Mills building
yesterday. There was a large attendance
of the members of the committee, who
number twenty-live. Chairman E. BPond
presided and announced the following
working committees:
Finance— Henry Fortmann, Christian Rei*.
John Rosenfeld, A. A. Waulns, E. B. Pond. J.
b. Tooin, Murcus Rosenthal, George M. Pack
ard. T. li. Berry.
Literature— William Thome*, J. E. Runde,
W. P. Johnson.
Pistrtt.ution-Peter F. Dunne. Emll Pohli, J.
P. Irish.
Publication-C. P. Eels, Jeremiah Lynch, N.
McLaren.
Heudijuarters— T.S.Williams Jr.. Robert Y.
Hayne, Colin M. Smith.
Secretary Elliott McAllister ieported
constant accessions to the membership of
the league. The discussions showed that
the leaders of the sound-money cause in
the State are thoroughly in earnest and
disposed to take hold of the campaign for
principle with vigor and • resolution. It
was the consensus of opinion that dis
tributing agencies for the dissemination
of campaign literature should be secured
in the form of clubs or single volunteers.
An immense amount of literature will be
distributed through the mails and in the
ordinary ways. Permanent headquarters
will De secured at once and systematic
work will quickly follow the Indianhpol'.s
convention. It was remarked that the
purpose of the movement was not to elect
anybody, but to defeat Bryan and the
anarchistic purposes of those who have
gained control of the party.
"We don't care whether our friends vote
for McKinley or go fishing," said Attorney
William Thomas.
The committee will be called together
again within a week.
■-. ♦
SENATORIAL CONVENTION.
Democratic Delegates From Marin
and Contra Costa Counties
Met Monday.
The joint Senatorial convention of Contra
Costa and Marin counties was held in
Assembly Hall of the California Hotel at
2 o'clock p. m. Monday. M. F. Cochrane
of Marin was chosen chairman and S. Far
jeon of Contra Costa was chosen secretary.
C. F. Montgomery of Contra Costa was
the unanimous choice for joint Senator,
and was nominated for joint Senator. Mr.
Montgomery is well known throughout
the State as a popular and representative
citizen. The delegates present were: From
Contra Costa— S. L. Sullivan, C. A.
Sweeney, F. Williams, J. M. Simpson, S.
Farjeon, J. McCJoskey, J. T. Wheelahan.
From Marin— J. H. Wilkins, J. W. Coch
rane, J. T. Burke, M. F. Cochrane, J. E.
Hayden. The auditing committee ap
pointed are: J. M. Simpson, John Wheela
han, J. E. Hayden, James H. Wilkins, S.
L. Sullivan.
GRAND JURY IN SESSION
An Adjournment Was Taken
Until the 18th of Sep
tember.
Waiting to See the Accusation
Against the Solid Seven
Tested.
The Grand Jury held a session yester
day afternoon but did not consider new
business. It was expected yesterday that
definite announcement would be made of
the time for final adjournment, but a de
cision was reached to adjourn until
September 18.
It seems tbat Judge Slack is not anxious
to impanel another Grand Jury at the
present time, and so has not manifested a
desire for the present jury to adjourn
sine die. Again, the case pending in
Judge Seawell's court against the seven
accused Supervisors is regarded as highly
important. It has been deemed wise by
members of the jury to prolong the ses
sions until some questions of law relating
to the accusation are settled. It is possi
ble that further action may be taken by
the Grand Jury.
Petei McGlade, Chief Deputy in the
Registrar's ofiice, and William Harring
ton of the registration department were
called as witnesses yesterday, but the sub
ject on which they were called went over
until the next meeting. The Grand Jury
is not advised of any fraudulent registra
tion beyond the listing of a few stuffers
whose names have been canceled.
O f i Third street, two blocks south of
Market, Mr. Harrington reported twenty
six stuffers. When citations were sent
out only eieht responded. He farcies
that tramps begging in that locality and
getting enough money for a night's lodg
ing availed themselves of the opportunity
of precinct registration in that neighbor
hood. Perhaps the next day they regis
tered in some lodging-house precinct north
of Market street.
The books of the Edison Light and
Power Company were opened to the ex
pert of the Grand Jury. So far as can be
ascertained no entries were iound indi
cating cash disbursements to procure fa
vors from the seven Supervisors. The
cash transactions of the corporation rep
resent a vast volume of business.
WANTED HIM IN PRISON,
Strange Testimony Given in a
Justice's Court Liti
gation.
S R. Mount Makes a Startling Charge
Against Dr. Edward M.
Patterson.
The suit of S. R. Mount, a saloon
keeper of this City, against Dr. E. M.
Patterson of Oakland, which was tried be
fore Justice of the Peace Carroll yester
day, brought out some startling testimony
regarding the means by which a young
man now confined at San Quentin was
sent there.
When Dr. Almon Lull died at Berkeley
in 1894 he left an estate of $75,000, of which
$7000 was left in trust to a son, James
Lull, who was to receive the interest. The
executors were Mrs. Lull, th«* physician's
wife, and Dr. Patterson, and tbe bulk of
the estate was left to two daughters, Mrs.
Maria A. PJatt and Mrs. Susan N. Nye.
Later Mrs. Lull died, cutting her son off
with a dollar.
>*ot being nble to get the money left
him by his father young Liull, who ap
pears to have been wild, forged the name
of Dr. Patterson to a checfc on the Central
Bank of Oakland for $45 and induced
Mount to cash it. Tbe forgery was dis
covered ana Lull was arrested. At tbe
trial of the suit yesterday Mount testified
that after Lull's arrest Dr. Patterson came
to him and said that the young man was
worthless and that his bisters wanted him
safely locked up in San QnenVn, and tbat
he, Dr. Patterson, was also anxious for
tbat.
According to Mount, Dr. Patterson
agreed to return him the $45 obtained by
Lull if he would use every endeavoi to see
the yountflnan landed in prison.
After Lull was safely in prison on a
three years' sentence Mount says that Dr.
Patterson refused to make good bis prom
ise of payment and the suit was the result.
The defense put in no testimony, relying
on technical grounds to knock out the
complaint, and the Justice took the mat
ter under advisement.
A STOCK TRANSACTION.
Stephen Ot!«, the Broker, Charged
With Felony Embezzlement.
Stephen Oti«, the stockbroker, surren
dered himself at the City Prison yester
day afternoon as there was a warrant out
for his arrest on the charg* of felony em
bezzlement. He gave $1000 cash bail and
was released.
The complaining witness is Mra. Annie
McManus, a widow living at 1128}^ Har
rison street. She swore to the complaint
in Judge Campbell's court last Friday and
alleged that the defendant embezzled
$2400 worth of her stock.
Mr. O.is says that Mrs. McManus did
not put up the necessary margin on tbe
stock and he was forced to sell it. It was
purely a business transaction as would be
shown when the case came on for hearing. (
TO WORK FOR PROGRESS
The Panhandle and Ashbury
Heights Clubs Organized
Last Evening.
Over 500 Persons Present at the First
Meeting— Bnsiness of the
Future.
The Panhandle and Ashbury Heights
Improvement Club was formally organ
ized e.t 1970 Page street last evening, with
Dr. C. D. Salfield as president. It is com
posed of the old Stanyan street and Ash
bury Heights Improvement clubs, which
have accomplished so much good for their
districts in the past, and the new organi
zation of about 300 members begins its ex
istence and its work under the most favor
able auspices.
The complete roll of officers is as fol
lows: President, C. D. Salfield; vice-presi
dent, D. J. o'L.eary ; secretary, E. L. Head ;
treasurer, R. D. Cranston. The executive
committee are: Judge J. R. Aitken, A. J.
McFarland and £. R. Knight.
The fact that 500 persons, residents of
the vicinity, were present demonstrates
the interest taken in the new club. Its
jurisdiction extends over the territory
lying between Baker street and First
avenue and from Fulton street south of
the panhandle to Eighteenth.
Among the business taken up at the
first meeting of the ciub was the follow
ing resolutions, strongly disproving of the
proposed removal of the Pesthouse to the
Almshouse tract:
Whkreas, On several occasions an attempt
has been made to remove the Pesthouse iroin
its present unfit location to tne Almshouse
Tract; and whereas, it has come to our notice
that a strong combination is at present active
ly at work to induce the Board of Supervisors
to remove said Pesthouse to the Almshouse
Tract; and whereas, the Almshouse Tract
being almost the geographical center of this
City and County; and whereas, Lake
Honda, from which half of this City re
ceives its water supply, is located in the closest
possible proximity to said Almshouse Tract;
and whereas, the thickly populated districts
known as Ashbury Heights, Snnset Heights,
Btanyan street Heights and the Panhandle
districts are immediately east of said Aims
house Tract and in the track of the trade
winds from said site; and whereas, Golden Gate
Park and*the avenue, the pleasure grounds of
the pgople, are also in close proximity ; and
whereas, iaid Almshouse Tract can only be
reached by the frequented avenues which lead
to said Golden Gate Park; therefore,
Resolved, That we, the members of the Pan
handle and Ashbury Heights Improvement
Club, in meeting assembled, strenuously pro
test against the removal of the Pesihouse to
said Almshouse Tract, and that we look upon
this threatened or contemplated removal as
not only extremely unwise, but criminally
vicious, and that we will discountenance and
resist the same by all means in our sower, and
further
Resolved, That the president of this club ap
point a committee of twenty members to wait
upon the" Health and Police Committee ot the
Honorable the Board of Supervisors and upon
every Individual member of said board, and
also upon the Honorable the Board of Health
to enter verbal protest against such move ; and
further
Resolved, That a copy of this preamble and of
these resolutions be addressed to the Honor
able the Board of Health and to the Honorable
the Board of Supervisors of this City and
' ■ NEW TO-DAY.
§We cut on the price of pre- m**? U J^
scriptions (as well as on other \/s^"f
goods) because we pay.no per- Z^k
centages to physicians. -^WWl»^
Plnkham'sComDOnnd.... - 65c ! R. 4 G. Peau d'Espagne 85c
Mrae. Pray's Special Prescription 75c ' Sheffield's J>enttirice and Calder's Dentine 15a
Cutlcura Kesolveat 70c lodd'a Eruulsiou Cod Liver Oil (will not af-
Swiffs Specific 75c feet the stomach) -..75c
Pink Pills and Syrup of Fljrs 35c , Scott's KmulslonCod .Liver Oil 65c
Quinine Pills, 2 grain, per 100 '25c Electric Belts $4 00 to $25 00
CameUine or Crenie de JLls 35c ; Galvanic or Faradic Batteries $4 00 to $25 00
Lambert s Listerlne, $1 5ize....... ....05c Trusses, we guarantee a tit $1 50
Dr Scott's Catarrh Treatment (6 months' ; .Elastic Stockings %X 50
treatment), call for tree trial $3 50 j Shoulder Braces 75c to 92 00
Cooper's Skin Soap, guaranteed the best 15c Crutches $-2 50
Hall's Catarrh Cure, 75c size 50c I Stomach Tubes $1 00 to $1 50
Specific No. 1 .....$2 50 I Ice Bass.. 25c to $2 75
I'lanten's Capsules 40c Ear Horns.... $1 50 to 95 00
Cupidene . - ...:.. 75c Fountain Syringes, 2-quart 70c
Avers Hair Vigor. 76c size 60c Hot Water Bottles. '-'-quart 43c
I'Rlne's Celery compound 60c . "--'^..•\;i ■"■■
Take no more purgative pills which leave the bowels weak-
ened and unable to perform their functions. Use only
TODD'S fIEALTH TIRIFIM Which act on the kidneys and liver,
IVVU>3 nMLill IADLLify removing the poison accumulated
in the blood, effecting a permanent cure. Sold on a guarantee.
Price 25c. ■-;£_
NO=PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
953 MARKET ST., Bet. sth and 6th, south side.
MANHOOD
SLIPPING
AWAY.
Look at that man, if he may be called |
such.
He is nervous, fretful, irritable. He is
bilious, melancholy, liver torpid, circula-
tion sluggish, digestion bad and appetite
poor. He feels run down, is easily made
tired, and has frequent headaches.
That is what he talks about.
And he has troubles of a different na-
ture. He has loss of pleasure in the per-
formance of certain natural functions;
loss of vitality and manly vigor; loss of
desire, feeble power, premature discharge
and so forth.
That is what he does not talk
about, not even to his family physician.
He goes to him with the first set of symp-
toms and gets temporary relief. But the
latter set, from which the former often
DOCTOR COOK.
arise, he keeps to himself. He suffers in
secret silence, brooding over bis unmanly
condition. In the meantime he can't con-
trol his actions. His feeble power gives
w»y to unnatural lust. His wanton crav-
ings increase as his ability to gratify de-
3300 i I7O3ES. GOOK,
.865 MARKET STREET, Opposite Baldwin Hotel,
jRI SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
County, and to his Honor the Mayor'and to
every individual member of said boards.
A resolution was adopted appointing a
committee of five to petition the Board of
Supervisors and Paric Commissioners re
garding the lighting of Golden Gate Park
and the adjoining streets and Tlrives with
electric lamps of 2COO candJepower, en
poles not over 400 feet apart.
It was also resolved that the owners of
the Beard estate be compelled to improve
that property. It consists 01 eleven blocks
of land between Central avenue and Qola
street, and between Waller and Page.
Part of the tract is almost a howling
wilderness, and none of the improvement
clubs of the locality have been so far able
to overcome the protests of the owners
thereof against reclaiming the tract from
its state of mature.
A resolution was also adopted calling
Postmaster McCoppin's attention to the
fact that the district was sadly in need of
a branch postoffice, or at least a better de
livery and collection of the mails, espe
cially tbe night collection.
On motion of Mr. Clement it was or
dered that the matter of having the streets
of the district marked for identification
with names on the street lamps or on cor
nersof buildings be attended to.
HONORS TO LI.
Locr.l Public Bodies Anxlou* to Enter
tain China's Viceroy.
Li Hung Chang, Prime Minister of tha
Chinese Empire,has been tendered a special
train to San Francisco and to Portland, if
required, by the Southern Pacific Com
pany, and the following joint invitation
has also been extended to him by the City
of San Francisco and the commercial or
ganizations. The telegram was forwarded
this afternoon:
£ R. Lrew. Commissioner of Chinese Custom*,
Ilotel Waldorf, New York— Sir: The City
Francisco, the Chamber of Commerce of Sau
Francisco, and the Board of Trade respectfully
invite his Excellency, Li Hung Chang, to v
us on his homeward journey, and wiil tender
him a cordial reception here.
Adolph Sutro, Mayor of Sa» Francisco.
Huou Craig, President Chamber of Cora
merce, San Francisco.
A. A. Watkins President of Board of Trade
of Sen Francisco.
The Chamber of Commerce has also
tendered Li Hung Chang, through the
Chinese Consul-General here, a public re
ception at the hall of the Chamb?r,
Merchants' Exchauge, should ho decido
to return via San Francisco.
Arrival of tho Glendoon.
The British ship Glcndoon, which sailed from
Swansea March 11 of this year, arrived last
night. While off Cape St. John in the Atlantic
Phe experienced a fourteen days tale and
heavy cross sea, rolling her sails under water
and laboring heavily. The decks were flooded
with water, which carred away the steering
gear, broke nine stanchions, stove in tho
main bulwarks on the starboard side and bent
the main rails on both sides: also started tha
deckhouses and the boats from the skid«,
washed aw»y the poop ran, the harness casks
and everything movable on deck.
Threw Hocks at Them.
While a detachment of the Salvation Army
was passing Army and Guerrero streets last
night, a crowd of boys threw rocks at the
f oldiers and hooted them. On« of them, Ben
Lawrence, 18 years of &pc , was arrested* and
booked at the tieventeenlh-street station, on
the charge of disturbing a religious meeting.
The others made tfceir escape.
If the wealth of the United States were
equally distributed every person would re
ceive only £40.
creases. Finally both se*s of symptoms
grow worse, and he gets weak and begins
to lose weight.
Man ahoy ! The rapids are below you!
The whirlpool vortex is in sight! Your
manhood is slipping away from you! You
are drifting to wreck and ruin !
But there is yet help for you, and a per-
fect cure, too, if you will promptly secure
the services of the learned specialist, Doc-
tor Cook, who can tell you more about
your exact condition at one consultation
than an ordinary physician can after
many weeks of fruitless treatment. He
will make out of you a man, with a man's
pride, a man's power, a man's privileges.
Doctor Cook not only restores Lost
Manhood and removes every symptom of
it from young, middle-aged and old men,
but he cures Gonorrhcca, Gleet, Stricture,
Syphilis, Varicoccle, Hydrocele and all
other signs of sexual debility, deformity
or decay. Careful attention he gives to
every form of female complaint, and to
nilments of the Hean, Lunes, Liver,
Stomach. Kidneys, Bladder and Urinary
Organs of both sexes. Piles, Fistula,. Rup-
iure and Chronic Catarrh come within his
specialty.
Doctor Cook particularly desires chronic,
obstinate, deep-seated diseases that have
baffled the skill of other physicians and
resisted their treatment. His thoughts
are continuously with stubborn cases and
their remedies.
Doctor Cook has developed a system of
home treatment by correspondence that
is absolutely perfect and always satisfac-
tory. Therefore, if you live out of the
city and cannot come to the doctor's office
write him. Describe your troubles freely
and without reserve, in your own way,
and be assured that your letter will be
carefully concealed from curious eyes.
Ofiice hours 9 to 12 A. m.. 2 to 5 and 7 to 8
r. m. ; Sundays, from 10 to 12 a. m. only.
AddressPAVILION DOORS
THROWN OPEN,
Purpose of the . Merchants'
Association Industrial
Exposition.
OPENING CEREMONIES.
Speeches at the Columbia Thea
ter — Exhibits at the
Pavilion.
A GREAT CBOWD PRESENT.
Timely Words of Messrs. E A. Den
icke and J. D. Phelan-Songs
and Sentimeat
The formal opening of the twenty-:
: "rial Exposition, under the auspices
of the Mechac - Manu
facturers' & Association, was
PROMINENT MEN AT THE PAVILION FAIR.
Carl H. Clark, Mechanics' Institute
Agent.
John H. Gilmore, Mechanics* Insti
tute Superintendent.
[These jwjrtrail* en reproduced from photographs taken for "The Call" by Buikne
and TaUr.]
celebrated yesterday afternoon at the Co--;
lumbia Theater.
It was in every way a highly successful
event. The orchestral music, under the
leadership of Gnstav Hinrichs, was excel- !
lent, the addresses of President E. A.
Denicke of the Mechanics' Institute and
James D. Phelan were timely and -true- j
tive,and-the songs and recitations were
rao3t enjoyable.
After an overture by the orchestra, from j
the "Queen of Sheta," President E. A.
Denicke delivered his introductory ad- ■
dress. He said:
Ladie* end Gentltiai: I bid yon a sacst
hearty welcome to thetwenty-aiEth fair otthe ;
Mechanics' Institute, whten you are well aware !
is dedicated to home products entirely. In
doing so it is but fictisg that I choaid explain
to you why we have this year departed from '
the time-honored custom ot holding a general i
exhibition, aad why this year fair is held '
undir the combined auspices of the 3lanuiac-
tarers' and Producers' Association "and the
Mechanic*' Institute. While fat many preced- '
ing years home industries have been a very:
conspicuous feature of cur fairs, aad .ass
year's exposition consisted almost entirely ci i
articles of home production, this year every
thing imported is strictly excluded- The ob- ;
ject of this is thoroughly to advertise home
product! and educate our citizens in the many
and various industries of th« state. Ii goes
without laying that we did not do this in any
spirit cf enmity toward Eastern or foreign
manufacturers, but because of the urgent need
of an enlarged horn* market for our prod ecu.
You will all agree with me that the hard
times we are experieaciaz at present can oaly I
be relieved by aad through ourselves. It v
no use for as. to kneel in the mud and cry to
Japitet for help. The only way to get out of
It is to put oar shoulders to the wheel. It
stands to reason that if we continue to tend
our hard-earned money out of the State for
roods that can as well be mad* here eood
times will never come. All the wealth cf cur
f elds orchards and mines trill cot . ice to
gave us from pov - n r . for a ll tfc e profit which
r- a - be derived from them will, If this course
is pursued. joreiy and its way out of the state..
Instead ■-: enriehiag our m people all
moneys so made will disapoes#into the pock-.
c -, of manufacturers elsewhere and into the
treasuries of transportation companies.
It is a well-known fact that any country
whlcn does not possess manufactories must
u'imately become poor. That we do possess j
manufactures of which we have every reason
to be proud is proved beyond doubt by this
exposition. The vital question is. therefore,
why not patronize them J thereby keeping for j
home circulation money nowj shipped- fcass,
the exodus of which Is throwing thousands
of our ciHsen* out of employment, thereby
r-eat'y impoverishing the State. Although
we are in the middle cf harvest large numbers
of unemployed JM2 throng the thoroughfares
of the City, and it is -.'.mated that there are
la San Francisco over five thousand vacant
tenements, stores and shops. A situation like
thUcertalni-r demands that every inhabitant
should exert himself to the utmost to find the
proper means of relief. Among them, one of
the most direct tad efficacious is to stop the
influx of manufactured goods which are In
competition with home productions. In other
-iords, by patronizing the industries of tae
State insure employment for its citizens.
We are ail more or less the slaves of habit
and when we nave accustomed ourselves to
certain brands of imported goods we are apt j
to imagine that we cannot do without then, j
Now.we purpose to show you at this exposition
that you can at least do without many of them,
that you can find at this large and fine exhibit [
of home production articles ta «T«-ry respect
worthy to Sake their pUce. - It is for these rea
sons that the Mechanics' Institute aad the
Manufacturers' asd - Producers" Association
have - ned hands. Now, it is for you to come
to the fan. and ia convinced. Leara ths I
i
Itssoa. taaght by the laraortal Goethe: •■War
am in die Femeschweifen? 5 eh" das Gute
aegtsooaii: (Way in the dlstancs seek the .
&ood that lies so nesrT/' "
In the natter oi nsing home products, as la :
doing oar duties as citizens, we should not rely
too much on ocr neighbors, but attend to the
business !n hand onigelves. Itiaav require an
vxtra effort, or even some «mairsacriflce. to
interest ourselves in the home production!
martet, but nothing conies of nothing aad
Without some effort, some self-denial, nothing '
which is worth possessing can be obtained j
neither learning nor riches, honor nor enjoy
ment. As it is with oar City and State, so it is
T^/Ji 15 coc:ltI T «-t large. Every year over
100.000 American tourists carry to Europe
? 125,000,000 ineood American gold coin— that
sound money or which so much is heard at
present; to «ay nothing of the millions which
are sent abroad every year for clothing, fnmi
tare, jewelry and many other things which
': could be obtained as srood or better En this
country. Again, out of every 100 Americans '
who visit Europe it would be safe to say that
not re of them have -raited the natural
wonders of their own country.
: While Europe dees not excel us In natural
I attract it certainly offers better roads. |
more luxurious accommodations and a higher
; standard of art. If, however, our people would '
: patronize the Yellowstone Park, the Alaskan
! Glaciers or the Yosemite Valley as liberally m
• they do th* Alpine heights of Switzerland, the
| roads aad accommodations would soon be im- !
t proved to meet the increased demands. As to !
the art standard, if only half the money which
' now goes Into the haad3 of European picture
dealers was expended with local artists, it
would soon be raised as high as that of any
nation on earth. Let thU be done and the
supply would soon meet the demand- State
art schools should be 'oan4ed as we now have
: State universities. W« thould have State and
city art galleries receiving regular appropria
tions, and our artists would hold up their
; heads proudly.
Sow, the majority who patronize art scad
all their money to Europe for pictures; hence
the comparatively low standard of American
j art. Ifourricn men spent their leisure time
j at home the theatrical profession would be
r preatiy teueSted, and to insure the highest
dram atii art every ore of the larger cities ia
the Union should subsidize one or more thea
ters for the production of operas and plays of
i the greatest merit. Whea so many of our peo
: pie do not go abroad we shall have all these
i things aad seme others, and then the tide of
J tourists will be turned and more people iron
1 abroad wiileo^ne to us. .:-/■.:
Oscar Lewis, Mechanics'' Institute
Chairman Management Com.
E. P. Heald, Mechanics' Institute
Cliaiiman Art Committee.
Sow. If yon were to ask me what all this has
to do with oar fair I stioul": reply tiiat It re-
I&tes perUaeatlj to home productions and ad
vanced civillZAiioa. The zods help him who
helps hixsself! However, Ita tappy to say
that all kinds of home production are being
core and more appreciated. £yea our new
charter provides for it ty protecting hoise
learning: • ■
What we offer to yen this year for your la
spectlon, approval and eajoyraent has been.
prepared wlta great care, asd Is the result oi
thoughtful asd conscientious wori for raoaths
; by the trustees of the Institute and the officers
:of the association. Whoever has no: under
taken a :iie ta&£ can have- no idea of the
| tmoiut of Utcr and care expended and the
Easy co plications arising from day to day
la the arranging of such at exhibition. The
board of tmatees direct the work f ran: begin
ning to end, many giving their entire time to
the task, content with the consciousness of
having promoted the we.fare of the commo
nlty, and that they are fostering a great pab ie
bene£: by which both knowledge aiid pleasure
are imparted.
No exposition under the auspices of the in
stitute would be properly introduced to your
notice without a word or two about oar library
! on Post street, for the rapport and develop
ment of which ties* Mechanics' Fain are
partly giTea. This, then, is a proper occasion
to call yemr attention to the fact that the li
brary now contains 75,000 volumes of care
roily selected works, and that for works of
mechanical reference it ranks among the best
la the world. The three upper floors of the
building on Post street contain spacious and
comfortably furnished reading and chess
room*; the lower floor is fitted up a class
room, where mechanical and free-hand draw
leg, electricity and mathematics are taught.
In fact, it ia one of the moot complete and
I Sour.- institutes of the kind in tnese
■ United States. The fee for membership to this
: grand library and its convenient adjuncts is
only 50 cents per month, and I hope that the
Twenty-ninth Industrial Exposition will add
maay new names to the roll of our member
ship.»
Mr. Bryan in his New York speech said that
the farmer to-day has to sell doable the
quantity of crodnce to pay off his indebted
{ cess to the banker than he had to some few
years a^r", aad that taxes, railroad rates, etc.,
j are as high cow a* they were in IS9I. Well,
3£r. Bryan cannot shake his curly locks at the
managers of this rear's exposition, for al
thcugn we haTe doable the attractions we
have reduced the admission -ice one half!
Surely this should be the moat popular fair on
record, with its many great attract and an
entrance lee of only 25 cents.
In conclusion let me once more say you are
welcome, welcome — thrice welcome to the
Pavilion, where I hope we shall often meet
Miss Jeannette Coleman sang & soprano
soto, "Waiting," and in response ' to an
: encore the "sweetest Ssory Ever Told,"
being accompanied on the v olin by S.
; Mojica. Thei cam? two vocal selections,
i In Silent ad" and "Simple Simon,"
[ by the Knickerbocker Quartet, composed
j of D. M. Lawrence, C. M. Elliot. D. B.
; Crane and L. A. Larsen. . James D. Phe
lan, the orator of tne day, was next intro
duced t>y President Denicke, and spoke in
i part as follows:
* If long years ago a Spanish Imperial com
: nissioaer were directed to visit Central and
. Northern California and lay the foundation
1 for a great city, what site, Judge you, would he
{ have selected? In th» light of the present
j there can be but one answer; but, sur: rising
! as it may appear, the eligibility ot San Fran
' cisco was not only disputed under such cir-
c umstances, but condemned aa . a place even
for human habitation.
But oa the map of the world the great bay
and harbor opening into 76,000.000 miles of
ocean was stamped by the hand oi fate and
; destined for an empire, aad passing genera
: tions, now floating on th« tide of fortune,
[ (jim^y co22dous of tea creataeju <v thei;
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1896.
metropolis, little appreciate the strength ot ]
their position aad the value of their heritage. |
We are, cerhaps, too close to the object to taie ;
an extensive view. We have groveled too lonr J
In the slough of self-depreciation and shoula :
arouse ourselves to the dignity of our citizea- |
ship, and core particularly to the duties oi j
tae hour. Nature ha.^ endowed ocr City — It is j
lor the people to administer the trust. j
The past has been a black pare when we
measure rest! by opportunities. Commerce
has been crippled and diverted; the City has
fallen prey to a transportation conspiracy;
American "goo<is have even &eea shipped to
Ecrope and resaipjwd to Saa Fraacisco ia or
der to save the prohibitory rates imposed for
direct shipcieat; narbor rates and pilot
charges hare despoiled the weary merchant
maa; an iron monopoly, short-sighted, per- '.
verse and aggressive, hss turned our back upon .
the •ervlCf-a.b'.e sea, paid largesses to s:eam
ship companies to stiie ocean :rsf: : and has '■
made New Orleans the real port of California '■
In fact oar peerless position a* an entrepot !
has been turned against ourselves to satisf/
private interests, and the people have not yet
effectually established the self-evident prin- !
ciple that quasi-put l:c corporations have their
charter from the State to serve it. not to op- j
press it; to develop its resources, not to
crash them; to nse its natural advantages and
not to lock them up. Independent rail ways
from San Francisco into the interior will re
, store oar City as a port ana give the country
the advantages of the sea; the passing of
the Central and Unioa Pacific system into the.
l control of the Government or of rival corpora
i tions and the traction of an isthmian
canal will stimulate intercourse with distant
points and insure competitive rates, and thos
the future may in some measure atone for the
sins of tbe past.
Who shall say that spirit Is wanting in the
; people of san Francisco to-day? Has there i
not been a metamorphosis? Bo not the Traffic
Association, the North American Navigation
Company, the Valley Road, tae Slerchants'
Shipping Association, tae .Mechanics' Insti
tute, the Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation, the Merchants* Association and the
Improvement clubs speas for something?
; Have they not awakened the citizens to a
realization ci the fact that here are their nre
sides?
Of course, before everything else, the chief
element in a city's prosperity rues; be the profi
table employment of h°r inhabitants, xrhien
' means a raartet for their productions at home
or abroad. So a municipality has more to do
than to keep its nouse clean, bealtby and beau
tiful — it must keep its worishop busy. Tra«£e
and commerce consist ia excaans*. One mast
exchanse vrhat he makes or has for what he
doesn't make but wanu. Prices remaining
the same, one naturally wants the best, the
most durable, the most artistic, the moat pala- I
table, the most wholeicme, as the case may 1
hi. Tne demand of tae ccnsTiner is the :
standard oi the workman.
It is true oi the past tbat not only the ques- :
tion oi fasnion, but the question ci qaaliiy as
j welL, determined tie choice of goods and
j gave the preierenc** in 00 many cases to the ■
iortign product. Now, Trty do goods "ms.de ■
In France," or "made in Germany." force their
■ way into our reluctant markeu? That is a
question for a well organized Eiuniclpaiity to
solve. The fault is largely with ocr educa
tion.. Ar oae time in Europe there trere craft
gciida organized to maintain the several [
i craits, to ■i them, to prevent fracda
j lea; -ircrkmans btp and to transmit Jtnovnedse
j and skill. These have passed away aad Ia
j tceir place a better system has sprung no,
namely, municipal trades and technical
tchcois, which may be found in Berlin, Paris.
Lille, Hanover, Mi.aa and other cities, where
taa young are trained not in languages and
music alone, which our higa schools aSect,
bat -.:. tae useful arts, and especially in tnose
craits for which the locality is particularly
favored. They al«o qualify men far civil ser
vic3 employment.
This is the secret of the better quality ot cer
tain foreign products and tares — and
also of souaci municipal administration — the
: superior technical skill in these concerns of
the French and German people. Therefore, to
I succeed *c must remodel and add to our
scacoi-aystem. James Lick, J. C .■:r<iing,
Charles Lex and Dr. Cogswell of thU City have
had right ideas ia endowing the trades schools
j aad their plans should be taken up by the City
j itself for the preservation and development of
. its craiu and manufactures.
There must be a mcaicinal policy in these
■ respects. We elect School Directors by acci-
I dent and they follow ia the old groove, show-
I ing the greatest activity when there . i a va
■ canry to be filled or a place to be created. Yoa
cannot get men fit to reorganize the schools
oa practical liaes under the present system of
election. School Directors ifaouid be appointed
oa the ground of fitness a'one. They may be
pled?- . In platforms, tat the platform in
variably slips Iroai ucder their feet as they
: ascend to office. If, however, tne executive of
i the government were charged with a duty the
{ power ot appointment aad removal would
I give him the means of carryicg cat the peo
ple's will.
The holding of this great fair annually helps
to inspire confidence asd seli-help. by giving
us an introspective glance at our own re
sources and our own needs. It helps in other
directions— it draws from all sections viaiiors
, who may come to laugh bnt whs will remain
to it; who come for pleasure, and who will
I remain as a permaaem additioa to oar popu
! iatioa. There are European cities teat Gertve
immeasereveaues from tourists and travelers,
and it ha* been statea that the French expo
sition in I:S3 saved that country frosi baak
ruptcy which otherwise would have been pre
cipitated by the failure of the copiwr trust aad
the Panama canal. Every visitor adds to the
voltime and flow of the circulating medium,
and thus adds to the general prosperity, stim
ulating trade, whioa is "the calm health of
nations." San Francisco coui-i thus be made
i a great rescrt— great -winter city— if the
people, having an ideal before them, would
devote their efforts to its realization Ixomyear
to year.
When Pericles was consioering the best use
! to which he could pet tae treasures of Delos,
which flowed into the Atheaian treasury, he
i consulted the wise men of his city, who. with
one accord, said: "Make Athens beautiful, for
beauty t» now the victorious power in the
KNICKERBOCKER MALE QUARTET.
D. M. Lawrence, First Tenor.
G M. Elliott, Second Tenor.
world, and that city will take precedence over
others by the charms of the ;beacUiut, and.
..£.■£% lovely woman, will win fame. •daira
tiou a love and indcence. Appreciation ot the
beaatiful will render the citizen cheerful,con
test, rietoln?, self-sacrificing, capable of en
thusiasm."
Tha citizens of San Francises know better
than they can be told of the inadequacy of
their present government, of its corruption
and c : its disgrace. There must be first. local
autonomy; secondly, executive independence
and systematic organization under a wise civtl
service, and. thir«l. there most be legislative
independence. The. legislative bcdy should
not both appropriate money and expend it,
nor should it usurp the exsentive functions.
That is the bane of San franciico.
Paris has a Council which votea Boner, bat
the Prefect or tae Seine do« the work. In the
service of that great municipality tnere are
employes, school teachers, policemen, firemen*
street-cleaners, engineers and architect*, pro
tected by civil B'TTTice laws, who survive
every . change of . administration, so
that the work: gcei on systematically and un
interruptedly. Without such a system no
work can be dons property, honestly and
economically. . . .
No lonjrer let It be said then cf San Fran
cisco, in the words of Bret Ht.-.e. that she is
••serene, tadiffer- 1 to fate," outlet it rather
j» known ;aa; *fee la aiiTC to her interest*.
consciooso! her duties and prepared to merit
her destiny— m*aifest, bat a* yet unearned
aad cEwoa. In the competition *he meat meet,
no relics ot the past stall be snseied to retard
her progress. It she would be a modern city,
she nut be governed by modern tdtaa.
With a recitation "At Lone Branch," by
Miss Lillian Dhu, and the "North Star"
overture from Meyerbeer, by the orches
tra, the afternoon a exercises were con
cluded.
LARGE CROWDS ATTEND.
Nearly Four Thousand Pecpte At
tend the Mechanics' Exposi
tion Opening Night.
Whatever success the Mechanics' Insti
tute might have attained in past exhibi
tions it is not to their discredit to say that
the present attempt, heartily seconded by
the Manufacturers* and Producers' Asso
ciation, is the peer of all that has gone
before.
This is rot only true of the general dis
play, but it is equally applicable to the
individual exhibits. There is absolutely
nothing lacking in the make-up of the
— they are perfect in mechanical
detail and without fault in artistic ar
rangement. From the moment one enters
the big door until he or she goes out again
a perfect panorama of beautiful creations
meet the gaze.
First comes a medley in twines and
ropes, followed by a wonderful soap crea
tion, the perfume from which permeates
' the entire buildinsr. Then come* ether j
booths, some of wine, of grain, then eof- j
fees, teas and other commodities, each i
pleasing to the eye and perfect as j
human art can make them. On the same
floor is the orchestra stand and just op- :
| posite is an aquarium full almost to over- 1
flowing with the varioos fiahea found in ■
California and along the Pad:. : Coast.
On the second floor conies the real -me-
I chanical and artistic genius of the exposi- i
: tion. Th- art gallery i 3 replete with pen i
and ink sketches and creations from the
; masters cf the old and new schools. An
essay could be written on the productions,
but it is questionable if tha true story
could be told in less than a hundred page*. I
• On electrical and mechanical improve- t
: ments the display 13 all that could be de- [
' sired. i^CAr\*S
The opening exercises .as: night were
held in the art gallery, the following pro- ■
j gramme being rendered : V
Opealng address, Julfan Soncta^, president
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association.
Concert soaz, Knickerbocker quartet.
Address, Horace Davis, Diesldens Eperry
Floor Company.
Home industry «ong, Knickerbocker quartet,
especially composed far the occasion.
Address. Hoa. James G. M*sruire.
1 "America, by the audience, led by the qnar
| tet aad accompanied by the Exposition band. ;
The attendance last night was a*l2, the 1
largest "first night" in the history of the j
institution. Prior to the opening several j
■ tmge bonfires were lighted on tha ad- 1
. jacent comers, and at 8 o'clock fireworks :
, were set off. The musical program for
! this afternoon and evening is as follows:
aXaaoMMK
I ataiea. "Handlcaa" Bo«ey
Overture. "FreUchstz" Weber (
Walts, ••Weiner Blot" .....Strausa I
Potpo .■ "Nigfct ia Granada*. Kraotaar
rtonibene solo, -I>es Folie* Benerea" laaes
Aifrsd Rcncovierl.
i Overture, "Tempel Weilie" Keler-Beia
! Fantaate. "Flying rntchaiaa''- Warner
Pasquinade Gott»e!iaUc
(a) "AlaTnrca"* Motors
<&) "Flirtation Peti: Vals«' S>ct
Paraphrase 030 3 '-iiotn*. twees Home". Seal
ivisisa
Marc- "Aanlversarj" — Roaey
Overture. "Veira" Keissi?«r
Waltz, "New Vieaaa" Stnaas
••L'etoSe da Mliii" — Selniad
Cornet solo. Mr. W. Mi hoed.
! Grand selection. "The Prophet™ Kererbeer
Ovenare, "Merry Wires of Winisor" r?:ccLa!
■ "Ri»tElclscenci?sof M»cdeiiso&a" Karth
(a) "Rainbow Dance". koaey
(&) "Pizzicato Potia" StraoM
•*t»t«s?or<l» Farm's Patrui" . Wiezaad
"Hookers' CaU «Ja:oj>" Fafcrbaca
Friday nizht ail bicycle riders in bicycle
costume will be admitted fiee. Fifteen
prizes will be distributed, as follows:
j Hand«om- - club/largest attendance and
j the tallest, shortest, thinest, stoutest,
; handsomest and homiiest man. The bi
cycle commmi".te<? is composed of »V. B.
j F'awcett, Henry F. Wynn, and James
Maquire.
The committee on awards made the fol
lowing announcements last night: Most
complete exhibit, first prize $250, Tubbs
j Cordage Company; second prize $175, W.
i P. Fuller 4 Co.; third prize ?75, Gundlach
\ me Company.
HIS LANDLADY'S COMPLAINT.
John T. Madden, an Kxpressmao,
Charged frith Petty Larceny.
Mrs. Mary A- Rnox keeps a lodging
house at 631 Bryant street and on? of the
roomers was John T. Madden, who has a
stand at 421 Market street.
Yesterday morning M-«. Knox was sick
D. B. Cran^ Fiist Bass.
L. A. Larsen, Second Bass.
in bed and after her husband had gone to
his work she alleges that Madden drove
up to the house with his wagon and car
ried off a sewiag machine and other
articles belonging to her. When she re
monstrated with him he grabbed hold of
her arm and twisted is tilt- she screamed
with the pain.
che swore to & complaint in Jndze
Joachimsen's court charging Madden with
petty larceny and intimated that she
might prefer a charge of battery against
him also. BHBSBEMS
Ad Island Outing-.
A nee tins of the executive committee of the-
California Press Association iras held Moad*r
eventsz to tsaie arrangements for the annual
excursion of the association. It is the desire
tOTfaitthe Sandwich Islands, and thus vary
the order ot excnrsioaa to the north, east and
jcrath by raiL" Toe association has a is era be.-
sbfp cf 170, an.l It is believed ta si an excur
sion o£ nearly 150 ladies aad gentlemen will
be tide to go. A comniuee comiatins of I
Messrs. Flicker. Daniels aad SaortrWge was
appointed to call on J. D. Sprecxels and secure j
as good terms as possible for vac excursion on
one of the latter/i atcaaea. ]
WIND AND SAND
DELAY RIDERS,
Bicycle Run Across the
Prairies of Ne
braska.
THE HALF-WAY STATION
Couriers Bound for Big Springs
Lost Their Way in
the Night
PACKET DUE 15 OMAHA,
Lost Time May Be Regained on the
Ride From Conacii Binffs
to Chicago.
The bicycle-riders of the San Francisco
Examiner and New York Journal's con
tinental relay had covered half the dis
tance of the long journey at 6:17 p. jc
yestercay, when the packet arrived at
Kearney, Nebraska. The riders are still
behind time.
Some lost time was gained Monday in
Eastern Wyoming and Western Nebraska,
but Monday night or early Tuesday morn
ing, two of the riders reaching out for Big
Springs in the darkness, took the agri
cultural advice of^a Nebraska farmer as to
the road they should travel, and went
twenty miles oat of their way. Other
relay couriers were impeued by heavy
winds and deep sand.
According to the schedule, the packet
was due at Kearney, Nebraska, at 10:54
a. m. yesterday, but it did not get there
until 6:17 p. Ac. — seven hours and thirty
seven minutes late.
The schedule provides foi the arrival of
the packet at Oma:» at 1:10 a.m., Sep
tember 2 (to-day>. bat it will not get there
until after sunrise th;s mor
The following specials to the Examiner
tell of the run in Nebrxaka yestt:
OMAHA. Nib*.. Sept. I.— Rider Floyds and
McGinn lei: father land a; B:4 x. it.
NORTH PLATTE, Nebs., Sept. I.— Arrived at
North Piatte at 11:1-1 a. m. . central time.
Names of relay riders, Joe Filbon and Frank
Crick.
KEARNEY, Nor.. Sept. I.— When relay
reaches here some time this afternoon it
will have arrived exactly half-way on Its
journey.
KEARNEY. Nebs., Sept I.— Kearney, which
claims to be the pivot of the United States, is
wildly excited over the relay.
■HA, Nebk.. Sept. I.— Relay passed Goth
ecberg. Nebr.. 2:16 p. X. Rider, L.L. Dietrlck.
Two hoars behiad time. Heavy head wind.
KEARNEY, Nebs., Sept. I.— Race from North
Pla:te to Goth en be was rather slow, because
of heavy saac, through which couriers had to
rid c or walk. ■ .. ;,' '
KEARNEY. XFE2.. Sept. I— A heavy wiad Is
howling across the prairie In gusts from the ]
south and southwest. It is rather a hindrance j
than a help.
KEARNEY. Ness.. Sept. I.— There are some I
hot riders here and they are all keyed up to !
scurry ihe packet along i:. . fine Nebraska ;
roads.
KEARsEY. Nebs.. Sept. Another crack
taciieai team will carry the packet from Gib
boa, thirteen Dai east of hers, to Wood ;
River, fourteen miles farther oa. The riders
are Chariea Pickering and Charles Zimmer
man.
KEARNEY. ebb., Sept. I— Packet will be i
splendidly packed and trailed in relays be- ,
tween Kearney and Grand Island, forty-three |
miles away.
KEARNEY. Nee?_. Sept- I.— Kearney is the i
cad cf Beg Erswell's divisioa. He will take the j
last relay of sixteen miles on * tandem with
i W. C. Mills, a craciajici local wheelmaa.
KEARNEY, N2SE.,Sept.L— Great crowds here
i watching bulletin* at Western Union office.
The packet arrived at Ogailaia at 6:15
a. M-, September 1. at Sutherland 5:45 a. st,
at Norah Piatte 11:16 a. m , at Elm Creek
, 5:23 P. M., at Kearney 6:17 p. M.. at Gibbon
7:01 P. M., at Wood River 7: 13 p. M., at
Central City 10:23 P. at.
On the ran through lowa, which begins
to-day, the riders will follow the line of
the Chicago and Northwestern Railroad,
jroin; north of Conceit Bluffs to Missouri
Valley and then along the Boyer valley to
the dividing ridge of the Mississippi and
Missouri rivers. Should the weather favor
the couriers nine!. of the time lost west of
the Missouri River should be made up be»
tw*een Council Bluffs and Chicago.
DRY-GOODS CLERKS' PLEA
They Circulate a Petition in
Favor of Clcsing Early
Saturdays.
Reasons Advanced Why the Public
Should Net Defer Shopping Until
a Late Hour.
Tha following appeal, which was issued
yesterday, is self-explanatory:
Are yon with the retail dry-goods clerks? If
yon are with tti sign the petition; it costs you
bat an effort. It reads as fellows:
i We the under* irafd. oeatrfa? to aid the retail
clerks ie taelr endeavor 10 .war- tae closing of
all dry-goods stores at o'clock Saturday evenings.
do azrte '<* me all Honorable mean* co influence
1 oar trtends and the public in general to do their
trading before 6 s. it.- wica firms who favor this
moveiaecs.
Oorarmy of canvassers are basy aad to? names
are roUlDg ta by the bßDdred.^. Our sympathising
friends are raliytcg to oar assistance: Theaoaiber
cf si«aaior*s indicates the trxie sea:iment» of the
pg&Uc The noblfr-ri arted ladies or thU CUy hava
taken hold of this cnus> wt;h a will, and t&elr
power Is beta? fslc. May the choices: bies^iazs of
heaves descend upon thrm in zrea: voiaaca tar
the TalaaMo services they have rendered aa> Oar
caase has teen veil 1 :i:oi -.•?! by the almost ead
less ladles' dubs, ur.ioa leasaes. federacloas, coca
ciss and societies. It U ieli-eTidea: tha; the people
of rja Princisco are too easily enl:;h;ened aad too
mce-awaSte to alioor a cood cjwsj to be bac-e-1 by
' a few nar«y<r-aitaUe>l oaes.
Ttere ara soase dry-soo<ls merchants in this
Cttjr that are scholars. They nse science 1-. t feelr
I battaeas. They caa foresee. T&er hive respect
I for tue soals of their employes aad their fntar«
welfare-. They io cos ajtc their salespeople to
I work. oatil 11 o'cJoct every 9 aday u;;6»
I Tt«''i!sos:ECi: saceessfal merehaats la tiaa
> >racA:Caii 1 hey are progressive and cj> to data.
They are oa the ■lectrte cunen.a of the times.
They are nperis aad caa lassoo the flying oppor
tunities ifaai are la too.- wi:h th«= worid. TBey
are broad-silo<i«<l and ki"nct-hfartfcU. They do cot
torture to#lr.*mploye» with toil after 6 p. it
Their lodgment tells them taa: good k«a:th U
the ?aa?» by which tae prospenty of the people
may tie aaeaaured. a -.a I- Is wHa mnch pleas ore
ana or.-le we po-.a; to these firms. Vet us rajolc*,
now, w»tch and wait tiisi thaw Bay se« taelr
good woric and follow their example.
In cioatßg we as a body desire to express oar
■ appreciation to the press of this City, watca has
beea of one voice la oar cause. Your kindness In
saatatiß* os is held In high esteem and retard by
every raeaiber of our oncanisaiioo.
Margaret H. Duaaiaa.
Secretary of the Women's Retail Dry-goods
Clerks Aaaociition.
CASTOR I A
For Infanta and Children.
>J arms* to-day- drt GOODS.
GREAT CLOSING-PUT SALE!
300,000 "WORTH
O3P : •
DRY GOODS, CLOAKS I FANCY GOODS
TO BE SACRIFICED!
Our GREAT CLOSING-OUT SALE OF $300,000 WORTH OF
STYLISH DRY GOODS, CLOAKS AND FANCY GOODS begins its
second week with an even greater array of attractions than made
its opening week such an unqualified success, for in connection with
the PRODiGIOUS REDUCTIONS that rule in all departments the
following and numberless other lines SPECIALLY SELECTED FOR
CLEARANCE THIS WEEK have been marked down to figures that
make them •
Extraordinary and Unmatchable Bargains! ,
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
J5L.t 22 £5 Cents.
81 pieces 37-IXCH FINE ALL-WOOL FRENCH DRESS GOODS, medium colorings,
reduced from 50c to 25c a yard.
At 35 Cents.
29 pieces 45-INCH EXTRA FINE ALL-WOOL DRESS GOODS, ia checks and
plaids, regular price Sec, will be closed out at 33c a yard.
At SO Cents.
41 pieces 52-INCH ALL-WOOL NOVELTY CHEVIOT SUITING, two-toned
colorin?s, former price $1, will be closed out at 50c a yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
jSk.t 23 Cents.
65 pieces 37-I>*CH FIGURED ENGLISH MOHAIRS, in a Tariety oi designs,
former price 50c, will be closed out at 25c a yard. '
jr^t SO ContA.
\35 pieces 44-INCH EXTRA HEAVY ALL-WOOL, ENGLISH STORM SERGE,
former price Ssc, will be dosed out at 50c a yard.
J£jt 7S Cents.
■25 pieces 56-INCH ALL PURE- WOOL FRENCH BOURETTE, former price $1 25,
will De closed out at 75c a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT!
jSLt 81.00 a Yard.
40 pieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN, handsome designs, good vaisa %l 50, will ba
offered at $1 a yard.
At 51. 23 V*. Yard.
■ 30 pieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN, large designs, good value *1 75, will be offered
at $1 25 a yard.
At 51.30 a. Yard.
20 cieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN, extra r.eiyy quality, medium and larg«
designs, good value for $.'. will be offered at $1 50 a yard.
/M/M^^ MTJHPHY BUILDS? Gv /
(/(/ iflftit stresi comer of imi, /
ROXBURY ) 7 Cc
BRUSSELS I X
CARPET JIV
50 BEDROOM SETS,
A J A CO SELECTED ASH.
V 1 "liOU SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
Q\£ m 3 Pieces, worth <g j Q
SHIREK &~ SHIREK,
HOUSE FCEyiSHKRS.
747 Market Street, Opposite Grant Are.
TXUETHCXK 5391.
BSFA/^o o #^
\\' V m
\ t ffllt
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of the age in the treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men
and Women.
Di«ea*e« of tours, middle,
aged and old men which weazen
t.e body and the brain, causing ner-
vous debility in all its distressing
forms, snch a3 drains which sap the vital-
ity, weak and failing manhood, aching
; back and diseased kidneys, inflamed
j glands, varicocele, nydrocele and in many
cases degradation and nntimely death.
! positively, permanently and forever cured
by Dr. Sweany wita hi 3 new treatment
: which is the "result of years of study.
practice and experience.
Heart. Brain, »rre» and
I IS! Dot! . If you have a diiziness of tha
head and palpitation of the heart, difficu!t
I breathing and suffocating feeling, ■ tired.
I irritable.discoDtented feeling and fear o*
insDending danjrer or death, a dread of
beinsr alone or the reverse; if your mem.-
ory is failing an i you are gloomy and de-
i spor. I and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the nerves, brain, heart and blood. You
have no time to lose. Call a: once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. Disease*
of Women scientifically treated and
invariabiv cured.
THE POOR of this dty who call at his
office on Friday afternoons of each wee*
are welcome to Mi professional servicea
free.
Ton can be cured at home.
, Write your troubles if living away from
the city and are unable to calL Letters
are answered in English, German. French,
Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish.
Corre«ponlenc3 strict. y confidential.
Book. "Guide to Health., ' 'sen: ires on ap-
f plication. Address
OR. F. L SWEAHY, SanFranciaeo.CaU
PEhNYROYAL PILLS
PytV <M«U»I m»a OaJy 6aala«. A.
£tt 7iv\ **rt, «.»i7» r-iiiii«. lacks ait jK\
>jy»l t>TH<ixt Sir OkMti Mkl f •■» /&\\
(?*\S&&>rs* '**** Brm.l ia mi GiU mxaZia \V^
- Jk >OM|<>» MM -iritA Mm ffb>«» _T»t» \Ef
Tt\ V^l'*''Mfi_^' ll^"'' llil^* 1 ' V
{ / ~~ iff *>— *«^ ■" fmtimu. AtSrtffiKM.arwtaa.Ae.
I W J^r ia K*at^ (kr aaitteoUr*. todssaiate vi
' \ "€• B "MaDmt im^ttm," »rretara
I -V If MmO. i «»ac«» TiMliimnlii JT«M/«B«r.
faUbaaiMiSrsaica. _ — IT .fEOa&NfM
HEALD'S
T>rsrxKss COLLEGE, 24 POST ST., san
JJ Trancl3ca — Bootckeeplnz, penmanship, basi-
n-»w practice, »ionliaa«l (Pitman}, typewriting,
! teiegTmpk.7, modern langak^e*. English brandies
and eTerjrtk'sg pen&lnißg to a by .>« education
rajUly txu^i:. D«psrtmen: ci Electrical Ea>
glnrerlns in operator:. lottiTlda&l .oscracttoa, 20
t«ac!iers. Nlgtit seisloni. SUxienw can con:menc«
a: any :!a& Tbooaaadj at gfadaAtca in position*
Write for cat*lof
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL,
9*707 3ACHAXEXTO ST.-BOARD, E2T3-
—— U I U»n. perfect mastery of French and G«r-
xaan, ttorooin — :>-i traicin?, dandns; f3O per
I Mantn; n!» term July 27: coacn.
lISS WLSPS SCHOOL FOR GULLS,
On] ( VAN XE«S TWEXTY-THIBD
.U li rear opens Aoa^ast !•_'- C«rtl3ca:e ad-
i mit« to Vassax, ain!:n and WeUesley Cotlegei.
f Iloas« pupils limited to fourteen. Kindergarten
connecte«l witii tne school.
lISS ELIZABETH MOORE'S
T^RE^CH ASP ENGLISH SCHOOL RE-
T moved from 515 H4i?nc si. to 230 EtUb:;
(tmltedsimber of boarders receive.!; pupils pr»
p^rg«l for collggg: term ooeas Ao^iit 3.
THESICCESS OF THE
IKB LADIES' gee room
Ui TULE
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT EBTRAHCS.FROH EARKEI 31.
OFITX CXTU. 3CIDSIGHT.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
! I» a txrw«ful sad tpeetSa toata fact^«
, (excalaatl uzlsarr ocj»a« of beta sexa»> sal »
■ trc*: rezaedr ** diseajet of Him kidneys sal ola>
! cer. A rteas Ee*:on:lT9, lavtcontarsaii Nervta^
j fc*iis oc Us own iUai*— at Uwnwiwrtrt ■***•
gjonials cecssiiry.
>.\JitK. jLFS * BROE, A seats.
32 Market at., a. ta«ml toe circatAg>
M^^ss Belts for $30.
Mfc"^*^* and poorly
X§ s> --»- 'AiSti— ni*il€. Cm Be iizz by pay-
.~ t Jfcj *'<;\ c i^ . .4 -oar money to ei«:r.. j
*^~*sUc J^aS-J^ **■' ' t* ll : :acScy* sad trav«-
*bL%i2 •xJ?i&£/l**si. Izg "faxers." For a first-
I '•' <- 1 j"" '* class article st a reasonable
- * price rfts ot call for fro*
f^* ■ copy 0: car o«w book. 1»R.
FIEEC I & BOX 70* Sacramento it, cor. Kmrn%
istnnii. Uuitt sad itmnh Soon. S*a S raodscs.
I COSI&IOFOXjZTA.Sa'.
> I Oppoalt* C. S. Xlat, 100 sad 103 Kfth st, ••»»
. • Frinctseo, Cat— Tte moss selecs tisllr notet In
! UieciLj. Board and room SI. *1 25 and SI 30 Mr
day, according co room. Meals 2S&. Booms SOs
' aad 73c a day. Free ooacb to sad from th» nocat.
: Ijook <cr ta* coacft bearing :ii» name of tos Co*
1 aiopolitan Hotel. Wat. PaHBV, Proprietor.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHABLES H. PH£LXIP3> ATTOBSBT-AT-
V/ law sml SatMij Fustic. 834 Hartal st, ogao
Paljuc* Houi. TsiapMna *74 RmHtTT* lrM
iti*. -ictepaorat -.fta*" aS3U .
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAKNY AJTD WASHIXQTOK STS.— RE-
Btcdeled and recova:*i. KIMO, WARD & COL
i Eoropeaa aiao. Uootaa soc to SI 50 per day. $ J
to *a per wee*. *t> to S3O per raoaia; tnm a»iai;
; hot sea Mil wacar »very room; - tin «ai«* •■»
| CTery raos; tietaiuc rasa allnigas.
910
WHY THE WORKER WANTS McKINLEY FOR PRESIDENT.
Citizens of all classes, as may be noticed by the subjoined interviews which took
place yesterday, concur that the real issue before the voters at the pending Presiden
tial election is the protection of American industries, and that protection cannot be had
in any way other than the election of William McKinley for President of the United
States. Industrious attempts to befog the minds of voters, which are being made by
Democratic stump speakers and struggles to evade responsibility for falling wages
and hard times generally, have not fooled "the common people" any of the time.
They are fully awake to their own interest.
BEATS THEORIES.
J. BATTEATTE is a coffee-packer employed by the Washington
Manufacturing Company on First street,
Hnear Market. Mr. Batteatte has been em-
H ployed by the same company many years
Hand is well known all along First street.
IHe has a handsome home at Elmhurst,
I which he has earned by industry, economy
Hand the exercise of native shrewdness.
HHg said at once, when the subject of his
H political intentions was broached: "I am
Hgoing to vote for Mckinley, for I can see
Hclearly that my interest lies in that way.
HThe interest of all others similarly situ-
Hated — that is, men who depend on regular
Hemployment and a fair rate of pay for
Hwork performed — is the same as 1 find
Hmine to be. The more we import from
HEurope or from any cheap-labor country,
Hthe worse off we shall be. Of what ad-
Hvantape can it be to any workingman if
Hhome products are cheapened by the in-
Htroduction of foreign products if he has
Hno work and consequently no money
Hwitti which to purchase anything?
Hrrices have fallen some on various
Hproducts in the past few years, but no one
Hcan say that the condition of the working
men has been improved. The contrary is the fact, and this is too well
known to need any discussion. While times have been getting worse for
the laborer and the wage-earner because the tariff tinkering has let in a
flood of foreign-made goods to take the place of our own products, we
have also, during the same Democratic administration, had an example of Democratic
financiering. The Government, in a time of peace, has so handled matters that it has
been driven to borrowiug $262,000,000, and still we are not happy nor prosperous.
The reason for voting for McJvinley for President is that he is the great protectionist,
and I have no douptthat if he is elected he will carry out that policy to the best of
his ability if he has the RepuDlican majority in Congress to back him. I do not
understand the financial question. I do not believe that silver is a cure for all hard
times. The best cure for idleness and scarcity of money is business and the ability of
people to buy what is manutactured."
DEMOCRATS MADE TIMES HARD.
THOMAS D. PHILLIPS is the foreman of the bookbindery of Payot, Upham &
Co., stationers, at the corner of Battery^^^^^^^^^^^^^H^^^^^^^^^^^^H
and Pine streets. Mr. Phillips has beenH
engaged in the bookbindery business four-H
teen years and has worked in Boston andH
Chicago. He has been with- Payot, Uo-H
bam & Co. daring a Jong term of years.M
The bookbinding trade cannot be thor-H
oughly acquired in less than seven years\M
Mr. Phillips says, and competition whichM
threatens to destroy the industry of localM
bookbinders is a serious matter. Mr.H
Phillips spoke positively and with anH
abundance of practical information whenH
he said: "I am a McKinley man on theH
protection issue. Protection has the ten-H
dency to keep up wages and Americanß
free trade tends to bring American wagesß
down to the European level. Protectionß
will do more than anything else can B
hold American wages up. Ido not believeß
either in free trade or in a low tariff which B
leaves out any part of the measure of pro-H
tection which labor needs to make it wellß
paid. Wages have fallen largely since theß
inauguration of President Cleveland, and I
the tendency is still downward. I have^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
no figures to demonstrate what effect the Democratic policy has had on labor!
but it is a matter of common knowledge that these are hard times and that all the
years since the Democratic party came into power have been bad years for men work
ing either at skilled or unskilled labor. There are not needed figures to prove that to
be so. Yes, free trade brings into competition with this business tne products of
Europe in bindings, stationery and so §n." It is a hardship when a man has spent
from five to seven years to learn this business that he should be compelled, through
the laws made by Congress, to compete with the cheaper labor of Europe. I have notl
considered the money question fully. I consider that the real issue is protection."Bß
FREE TRADE IS A MENACE.
S. W. LATZ is an all-round mechanic, who has lived in San Francisco since 1854.
resides at 1911 Geary street. "1 shall
■certainly vote for William McKinley and
■the policy of protection to American
■labor." said Mr. Latz. "I have observed
■enoueh of the course of affairs to know
■that free trade is not a good thin? for the
■man who is compelled to labor for wages.
■How can it be? The 'foreign manufac
■turers hire their workmen at a price away
■ below the American scale, and if the goods
■made abroad are brought in competition
■witn the goods manufactured in the
Hl'nited States that amounts to bringing
■the foreign laborer face to face with the
■ American laborer as a competitor. Only
■a certain amount of wares and mamifac
■ tures will be needed in any event. 80, if
■a part of the supply comes from abroad
■ and that portion is produced at lower
■ than American wages, two things will
■ happen. The first is that the demand for
■ less goods of home make will drive the
■ American workman to idleness or else
■ force him into other lines of work which
lower wages, or when the ranks of the unemployed are overfull and supply an over
stock of labor. 1 prefer that the rate of American wages shall be kept up as high as
possible. The election of Bryan for President could not supply laborers with protec
tion, for the Democratic party i 9 pledged against the protective principle. If the out
sider wants to compete with tiie home manufacturer in the market of the United
States he ought to be made to pay for that privilege. Every one is complaining about
the low wages which have b%en paid since President Cleveland was placed in power by
the Democrats. The silver question seems to be urged by the capitalists who own
silver, and who expect to profit by getting a high price for their silver after it has Deen
coined into dollars. Ido not see how any one except the capitalists who own silver
mines wili make any money out of the free coinage of silver. lam not able to discuss
the money question fully, of course, but I am satisfied that the free coinage of silver
which the Democrats propose is only an experiment, and we have experimented
enough already. San Francisco is full of idle men who cannot find work as every one
knows who looks about. Protection is a good thing, I know, for men who work for
wages, and that is why I shall vote for McKinley, who represents protection."
EUROPEAN COMPETITION BAD.
WILLIAM H. CROSBY is a skilled copper-plate printer and engraver, who has|
been employed by about all the large pub-^^^^^^^^^H^H^^^^^H^^^^^H
lishing-houses in San Francisco. Hisß
labor is of the sort which is coinpara-B
lively little affected by European com-H
petition, but Mr. Crosby expresses hisß
understanding of the effects of a protcc-l
tive tariff, and also the evil effects of freeß
trade, and his sympathy is with the Re-B
publican desire to keep up wages, withß
clearness and with force. "Democraticß
tariff tinkering," said Mr. Crosby, "hasH
sent wages down, and free silver will causeß
them to fall stil 1 more. For myself I doB
not want any 50-cent dollars, nor do I be-B
lieve that any workman ' does. I haveß
been in Mexico, and I am acquainted withß
Mexican money and with the conditionsH
in Mexico, and I can say, without reserva-B
tion, that I do not want any Mexican ex-B
perience for myself, in an industrial way.B
Free trade, which is advocated by the!
Democrats, must affect nearly every ex-H
istine branch of industry when it is putH
into operation, and there must necessarilyß
be a fall in the wages paid to artisans allß
along the line. There are more unem-^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^l
ployed people in San Francisco now than there were one year ago, and this bad condi
tion labor is growing worse and worse, with nothing in the policy, aims or accom
plishment of the Democratic party to promise any betterment so lon* as that political
organization is retained in power. While Bryan's election will benefit only the silver
mine owners and silver miners, the election of McKinley would hold forth an assur
ance of higher wages and more labor. The printing business has been affected by
foreign competition. I would be ashamed of myself had I voted for Cleveland and
the free-trade doctrine of tbe Democrats. I never have been fooled into votin^ that
way. I have been working in this line of business about seven years. I have oppor
tunities, of course, like every one else, to know, in a general way, when there are many
men unemployed. Thist is the worst time, in that respect, that I have ever seen.''
Mr. Crosby home is in Alameda.
are already overcrowded. The second is
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1896,
ARLES CREWE is a porter in the steel and iron department of Holbrook,
Merrill & Stetson. Mr. Crewe resides in
■ West Berkeley. He has a wife and five
■children and says that they are all natur
■ally for protection. "1 shall vote for Me
■ Kinley, certainly," Mr. Grewe said.
■ "There are enough reasons why I should
■vote for him and none why I should rote
■for Bryan. In tbe first place McKinley is
■known. He has a public record which is
■ before the public, and he is more promi
■nently identified with tbe great issue of
■protection to American industries than
■any other man at this time. Why this
■should be so it is easy to answer. He has
■ been a firm and consistent and able advo
■cate of protection. The bill which was
■made the target of the Democrats when
■they shouted free trade was the measure
■which bears the name of McKinley, who
■ was the father of that measure. He has
■fought for the protection of American
■labor, which means holding ud the scale
■of American wages, in Congress and out of
■Congress. His letter of acceptance gave
■new reasons why he should be supported
laborers and by all wage-earners who
are liable to have their incomes affected by competition from abroad. It entitled him
anew to the confidence of the people which he already possessed in such great measure.
Four years more of Democratic rule would be the ruination of this country, if we can
judge the future by the immediate past. You will notice that the Democrats still
want free trade. At least they do not advooate a tariff for protection, and they are
pursuing another new issue, which is an experiment only."
"Well," retorted A. L. Brown of the firm of Hyams & Brown, retail clothing me*.
chants, located on Sausorae street, near
Bush, "we find that nearly every one of
those who trade with us is in favor of
McKinley for the next President of the
nation.
"The argument generally adduced is I
the protective issue. Wool merchants, I
find, have discovered by their experience
under the Wilson bill that only in protec
tion lies the best interests of those engaged
in that business. The general complaint
is, that under the Wilson bill the price
obtained for wool was much less than
under the MrKinley bill.i^^^^M^^^^BjM
"As it is with wool men, bo it is with
nearly all other men engaged in industries
of a like character.
"The tendency, I believe, is to subordi
nate the money issue. Men seem to think
that with factory wheels humming and
workingmen busily employed the money
question will be very easy of solution.
When everybody had work there was no
talk on the gold and silver question, be
cause both were plentiful and there was
no necessity for it.
"The proposition of free silver is commoniy regardedascHmf^erousbythelargi
majority of our customers. The strongest argument adduced against it is by a com
parison of countries run on a gold standard with free silver countries, such as China,
Japan, India and Mexico. If laborers there receive only twenty or thirty cents a day—
perhapi that estimate is a rather high average— why, they must be warranted in believ
ing we are better off as it is. After all, it seems that protection is the living issue."
BECOMING ENLIGHTENED.
men arc becoming more studious on the current political issues and that
■this study is producing enlightenment
■ with the result that free silver men are fast
■ deserting their parties and coming into
Hthe ranks of Republicanism is readily seen
Bby the interviewer in the case of men once
Hstrong for Bryan and free silver who are
Hnow either wavering in their conviction or
Hare slowiy turning toward McKinley and
I A typical instance of this is seen in the
Mease of Isadore H. Ackerman, manager for
MCook <ft Co., retail crockery merchants, en-
Hpaged in business at 123 Kearuy street.
Mr. Ackerman, once strong for Bryan,
|i ; now unsettled in his political conviction
Hand if anything rather inclined to the side
Hof Republicanism and prosperity. To
Hquote his words:
"At the beginning of the campaign I
Bwas an out and oat Bryan man and be-
Hli.ved that in free silver only lay the wel-
Ifarc of the country. I arrived at these con-
Mclusions without any forethought
"After awhile some friends of mine,
Hmost intelligent gentlemen, began to argue
me. In a short time I was at sea,
mainly because I found it difficult to answer their argument Then I took to study
ing the question.
"As a result, I am not only unsettled in my political convictions, but am readily
coming to the conclusion that after all I shall vote for McKinley and protection."
There may be a few farmers in this Btate that are for Bryan and free silver, but I.
Solano County they are marked men —^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
Ishmaelites, as it were. So says Willi&mH
J. Blair, a prosperous farmer of Dixon.
Blair was explaining his views on Re-B
pnblicanism and Democracy in the corri-B
dors of the Baldwin Hotel yesterday, andl
he says that as he believes so does the!
vast majority of farmers in his region.
"All the farms in my part of the Statel
are heavily mortgaged," he said. "If RryanH
is elected bankers will doubtless raise thel
rate of interest, and then mostofiisareH
Koine to be in a pretty pickle.^^^HJH^^l
"Free trade has nearly mined theH
farmers. I know whereof I speak when il
say this. We cannot get nearly so muchM
for our crops as formerly, and every tningM
is in a fair way for utter desolation, il
never saw a set of men so utterly in de-B
spair as the California farmers are to-day.B
"As regards this free-silver heresy, some!
few farmers of my acquaintance are sol
deluded that they really believe if BryanM
is elected an express wagon will make theH
round of people's houses every mornin^H
and dump a shovelful of silver into their^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
front yards. Many of them once imbued with this belief now are awakened from
their dangerous slumber. ,
"They are gradually coming to see that not only will we have to work just as hard
for money under free coinage of silver but that without nrotection in most cases they
will not even have the opportunity to work "
■hZUfvTJ^ti Uk T THE CALL for thirty-two years, beginning when it was a
sheet only a few times lar R er than your sheets of copy paper. We all believe that if
men would read it. editorials and give them due consideration some nineteenth cen
hnn y k?nt?HL W °Ti r^f a " excellent chance to make himself famous by writing a
book entitled 'The Last of the Democrats.' "
"I am going to cast my ballot for McKiniey," said H. W. Baxter, proprietor of the
Percentage Pharmacy, 953 Market
Hstreet, "because his election will inspire
■confidence.
7T We need a change of administration
■worse than we need anything else at the
Hpresent time. People, in the first place,
Hare tired not only of Cleveland's lnke-
Hwarm foreign and domestic policies, bat
Hwhen they glance around them and see
Hbonest working.uen ont of employment
Hand eager for a chance to secure the
Hwherewithal necessary for bread for them*
Hselves and family, they cannot help but
Had nut there is something radically wrong
Hivith the principles nurtured by Democ-
Hracy.
"In my opinion, the hard times are due
Hwholly to free trade. Yes, free trade has
Hsiniost bankrupted the Nation. Protec-
Htion is needed by men engaged in all
Hbranches of industry, from the farmer,
Hwooi-raiaer and hop-raiser to the nier-
Hchant.
"Free pilver is merely a bugaboo, the
Blast straw on which the Democrats have
their hopes of success. Free silver,
I believe, would rnin the country. Let us put men to work and the money question
can be settled in short order."
McKINLEY FAVORS GOOD WAGES.
ALL FOR McKINLEY.
FARMERS WANT PROTECTION.
WILL INSPIRE CONFIDENCE.
VAGARIES OF SILVERITES.
"The vagaries of the silverites are bringing American finance into disrepute," said
Walter Hirschfeld of Radam's Microbe
Killer Company, 1340 Market street, "and I
are doing worse — they are embarrassing I
their own Government. Their aim, which I
seems to be the debasement of money, has I
already impaired the general credit of the I
United States, and in the markets of I
Eu rope American securities have already I
suffered a general decline.
"For three years in succession the ex- I
penditure of the Government has ex- I
ceeded the income. This condition of I
affairs is a serious embarrassment to the I
Government and operates toward the re- I
striction of trade by virtue of the unfav- I
orable opinion it creates. Till the Presi- I
dential election is over and the political I
excitement abates there is no hope of im- I
proveinent in the industries and trade of I
the States.
"The public is always a very uncertain I
quamity, and it is this uncertainty which I
tends to restrict legitimate trsde opera- I
tions.
"If the majority of the merchants and I
bankers could look to the election of Me- I
Kmley and the Republican party they
could act accordingly and would be inclined to push business and branch into new
ventures. Of course tariff is an important question. Many industries of this country
need much more protection than they at present enjoy.
"1 believe that free coinage of silver would so depreciate the purchasing power of
our currency that it would be of no advantage to the working classes, even Supposing
that they earned a few dollars more weekly. What gopd could it do if all they wished
to purchase would cost double what it costs to-day? Wa^es would not increase to
any appreciable extent, but the price of all commodities would rise. For instance, if
New Orleans can sell cotton to Europe to-day for 8 centß gold the American manu
facturer would have to pay 16 cents silver for it and the result would be that the price
of clothing would be doubled. The same would apply to all the produce of the
country for which there is a market abroad."
NO TIME FOR EXPERIMENTS.
anch as proposed by free silver would mean the readjustment
if every financial condition in the coun-
Htry,'' said Herbert £. Law of the Viavi
Icompany. "A spasmodic radical change
Mwould mean destruction to 90 per cent of
Ithe businesses, for the reason that it would
Himmediately destroy confidence — that
Hiarge element on which the great majority
|of business is transacted. As a, compara-
Htively new country we have spread out to
Hphenomenal extent. We have been able
Hto do this because our credit is good, be-
Hcau«e wp have always kent our promises
Bgood. If it were possible to operate sue-
Bcessfuliy on free silver, granting that it
Hwas all that its friends claim for it, it
Mwould necessitate the withdrawal of all
Hmoney loaned on a gold basis. In a word,
flit would mean that every merchant could
Mcarry just as much stock as he was able to
Bpay for in hard cash at the time he placed
Shin order.
"The affairs of the world hinge upon
I confidence. That confidence must be
Hinaintair.ed. We must have a leader who
Hwill insure a conservative policy; a leader
will command the ie«pect, confidence
and trust not only of our own country, but of Europe, from whom we borrow so
largely and with whose gold we have been able to extend our enterprises and indus
tries fully 100 years beyond what would have been possible had we been limited to
our own capital. Wmle it is entirely possible to live within ourselves — independent
of the world at large — It is not possible to do so with any degree of prosperity. We
need our credit, protection of our industries, development of our harbors, increase of
manufacture in our city, and that stimulus and impetus to trade which can and will
come only under the leadership of the Republican nominee."
BETTER PAY THEN.
AUGUST GUNNISON is employed as head machinist at the San Francisco and
Pacific Glass Works. He is a McKinley
man from the word go, -and though not I
much given to rhetorical flourish in the I
use of words, understands pretty thor- I
oughly why he is going to cast his bailotj^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
tor the Ohioaru^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^fl
"Let me tell you why I am going to vote
lor McKinley," he said. "It won't take
long, because the reasons are what I con
sider pretty forcible.
"In the first place McKinley is identi
fied with the party that has always stood
for purity in politics, and can look back
over its record without averting the eye at
any paragraph.
'hi lln mil iilini Inn mliin iw hi iin ii
thing in I have absolutely no con-H
fidence. I regard it as merely a falseH
alarm to divert attention of the niassesH
from the real issue. We never had anyM
talk about free silver when times were^B
prosperous, as they were under the Re- I
publican administration.
"In the third and last place I am for I
protection. We had better pay under the I
McKinlev bill than we have ever had
since. When a man is able to work two-thirds as lone; and get three-quarters as much
under the Wilson bill as he did under the McKinley bill you can wager that he is
going to vote for the author of that bill."
ALL FOR McKINLEY.
lam going to vote for McKinley. What is more nearly every laboring
■ mar. in this v&vt of the City is going to
■do the same thing."
I These were the words of William Me*
■Mahon, a blacksmith located at Seventh
Hand Townsend streets. His reasons for
■this statement were given with an air of
■sincerity and conviction that left no room
■ for doubt. '
■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^H "Why a man should not vote for Me
■ Kin ley and prosperity against Bryan and
■& mixture of Populism and Alteeldism is
■a mystery to me. What can you expect
H°f a party that made as many promises as
■the Democrats did at the last election and
■—■—■—■—■—■—■—■—■—■—■Jthen refuse to fulfill any of them?
■—■—■—■—■—■—■—■—■—■—■J "They promise us now that if we will
■ only vote for their candidate they will
■ come round with an express wagon and
■ dump a shovelful of silver into our front
■ yards every morning before breakfast.
■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■H "Well, all I can say is, lam going to
■ stay with the party of Lincoln and
■ Blame, which has always done as it prom-
■ ised."
■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■J Mr. McMahon was very vigorous in his
■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^1 expressions of confidence in McKinley.
He was evidently not led away by the specious arguments of unthinking politicians,
but had studied his subject himself.
CHARLES HELLWIG'S WIEVVS.
"I want to see McKinley elected," said Charles Hellwig. cashier of toe Palace
Hardware Company, on Market street,
"I want to see him in because he is the I
head of the party in whose principles 1 1
believe f ally. Why should I not believe I
in the Republican party? It is the party I
of accomplishment. It always has a I
definite policy, and that policy, when fol- 1
lowed, is better tor the general good than I
what is offered for oar practical consider- 1
ation by the Democrats. I will admit mat I
my natural tendency bas always been in I
the direction of Republicanism. There I
are more reasons for electing McKinley I
now than I care to enumerate. The prin-H
cipal one is that we need better times, I
settled conditions, active business, public I
confidence, protection for home indus-H
tries, an American policy of
for the benefit of Americans, and that I
McKinley promises all these in his person I
and in his past performances in public. I
I think that manufacturing will be stirau-B
lated by putting the Republican party in I
charge of the Government. I do not be- 1
lieve that the issue is between silver and I
gold, but Ido believe that protection orß
free trade is the vital question. There cannot be any question thai; it is wiser to
encourage home yidustry than to build up foreign industry at our own expense.
That is all that I care to say."FUSION ENDING
IN CONFUSION,
Joseph Kelly Intimated
That There Were
A. P. A.'s in It.
DEFIED THE COMMITTEE
McGlashan Gives Reasons Why
He Would Be Stronger
Than De Vries.
MONTEITH TAKES THE TEAP.
Vann and Castle Will Be Turned
Down in the Third and Sixth
for the Democrats.
The joint Democratic-Popnlist-Silverite
fusion conference committee went into
Bession at 2 o'clock Monday afternoon
and did not adjourn until 6:25 p. m.
The serious obstacle which they met
was tne refusal of Messrs. Monteith and
McGlashan, Populist nominees for Con
gress, and of Kelly and Maddux, Demo
cratic nominees, to withdraw so as to
leave the field clear for fusion.
McGlashan, Maddux and Kelly did not
appear before tbe committee. Theywera
evidently in a state of defiance, and they,
like Monteitn, had no doubt receiyed a
hunch that if they should withdraw their
■withdrawals would be received by the
committee with indecent alacrity, to be
followed by the assumed regret ot the
committee when making the announce
ment tnat somebody else had been put
into their places for the best good of the
Democratic party.
C. D. Lane, millionaire and mine
owner, presided at the conference. There
were present: Eugene N. Deuprey, H. P.
Andrews, "NVoodson Ganard, M. C. Has
eett and Joseph Leggett, Democrats; J.W.
Keegan, L. M. Landsborough, J. M. Moore,
A. B. Kinne, E. M. Wurdail and Jonn S.
Dore, Populists, and Charle3 D. Lane, W.
P. Lawior and James R. Edoff, silverites.
Ex-Congressman Cami.uetti, the only ab
sentee, was confined to his bed by sick
ness. He "had stated to several members
that he wished to resign from the confer
ence committee because of remarks by Mr.
McGlashan coucerning the purity of his
motives.
By courtesy of the committee W. fl.
Alford, chairman of the Democratic State
Central Committee, was ailowed to remain
during tne session, which was strictly
executive. A resolution was passed pledg
ing tbe members to secrecy, and so faitn
fully was this pledge kept that when John
S. Dore was asked by a Call reporter after
the adjournment the name of the cresid
ing officer he refused to fiive eveu tnat im
material bit of information.
The first real business of the meeting
was the announcement by E. M. WardaJJ,
chairman of the People's party State
Central Committee, that he had in his
pocket the withdrawal of A. W. Vann,
People's party nominee for Congress from
the Third District. The committee heaved
a sish of relief at this announcement and
the names of Cutler, Rogers, Patton,
Barlow, Maguire. Castle and De Vries were
rtad off as having tendered their with
drawals.
Section 8 of the plan invited the can
didates to appear before the committee,
ostensibly to Dlace before them all the
facts in connection with their candidacy,
but in reality for the purpose of commit
ting the candidates to an acknowledgment
that the corumiuee nad jurisdiction over
them. Tnen, if the action of the com
mittee hereafter should not suit them,
they would not have any case in court,
having by their presence assented to what
ever the Democracy and the Southern Par
cilic Company might see fit to do with
them.
George W. Monteith, People's party
candidate for Congress from the First
Congressional District— who is to be sup
planted by Mr. Cutler, a Democrat from
Humboldt who is acceptaole to the South
ern Pacific Company — made a lengthy
s-tatement of the reasons why he should
not be removed.
Mr. Monteith felt a cold chill run down
his spine when he appeared before the
committee and he appeared to regard
them with much suspicion. He was cour
teous in his manner and at no time did he
say that he would not tender his with
drawal. He spoke of a secret vote (pre
sumably that of the members of the Amer
ican Railway Union) having been pledged
to him and asked for further time in
order to consult them as to their wishes
in the matter. He said that he would be
willing to lay his case privately before
Joseph Liggett, Democrat, and J. W.
Keegan, Populist, and he would be almost
willing to abide by their decision. He
added that he and his family were in the
most straitened circumstances and that
he really could not afford to make the
campaign, but, notwithstanding that fact,
las wife had urged him to stand by his
honor at all nazards and not to sacrifice it
by withdrawing. % >
"It was suggested that W. P. Lawlor
should be made the third member of the
committee, because in case the two mem
bers should not agree there should be a
third, there being luck in odd numbers
such as 31 to 1 and not in even numbers
such as 16 to 1.
It was agreed that Mr. Monteith should
hand to the committee a written com
munication Tuesday. This was done, no
ciouDt, to entrap him into an acknowl
edgment that the conference committee
had jurisdiction over his candidacy.
Cutler of Humboldt appeared before the
committee and declared himself to be
sound on free coinage. If the committee
should select some one else in his place he
would accept the verdict with resignation,
but as he is on the slate this kind of resig
nation will not give him any mental
panes. He said further that he was not
in sympathy with ex-Congressman Geary's
onslaught on Monteith.
C A. Barlow declared that he could
carry his district by » majority of 8000
votes on a fusion ticket, as he was
popular with the laboring classes and
had been defeated for the legislature by a
majority of 18 by the Southern Pacific
Company.
■ Harry Patton expressed confidence in
his ability to carry the Seventh District.
Jud_-c Maguire said that he would with
draw and abide by the action of the com
mittee. - ■ ' - •
The committee then adjourned until
2:30 P. M. yesterday. '
Mr. Monteith said to a Call reporter
that his position was that the State com
mittees of the parties talcing part in the
fusion did not represent the people in the
Congressional districts directly. He bad
received many letters from his district op
posing his retirement, and be had received
one telegram from the leaders of Humboldt
County Populists requesting him to with
draw. ' All the letters had earnestly re
questing him to remain. He had answered
those letters by declaring; that he would
remain in the fight to the end regardless
of consequences.
Mr. Montieth added: "In all these at
tempts at fusion I don't think that the
railroad question is receiving the consid
eration to which it is entitled, and that
with me is of primary importance, IJ
know that it is the railroad influence that
is seeking to procure my withdrawal, and I
know that but for its influence I should
have received the Democratic indorsement.
I don't see how it is possible for this com
mittee to come to an agreement. The
committee has made me a proposition
whicli it has neither power nor authority
to carry out.
"I fully realize the nature and the power
of the influence arrayed against me, and
as long as I feel satisfied that mv candi
dacy is necessary in the interest of tuose
opposed to railroad monopoly I shall re
main in the field firmly and deter
minedly."
Josepn Kelly was dressed as though for
a walk down the Strand in London. He
cocked up kis chin defiantly as he sur
veyed the committee and sniffed tne air
scornfnlly.
"What did I tell 'em?" said Joe to a
Oall reporter after tie came out, with a
cold, cruel smile on his lip. "I told them
that I wouldn't withdraw because two
years ago I was misrepresented by a
blackmailing sheet, the Examiner,
and I was taicen uown. I now propose to
stay in th.- fight for my own vindication,
and I don't propose to be downed by a
blackmailing sheet.
"McGlashan told me last night that he
wouldn't be turned down, because he had
enough A. P. A. friends on the committee
to keep Marion de Vries from being in
dorsed, and that he told De Vries not to
send in his resignation. I told the com
mittee awhile ago, 'Do you think I am
going to hand in my resignation to an
A. P. A. committee?' *
"You ought to have seen them jump
and howl at that. Landsborough and
Wardall and the rest of the committee
jumped to their feet to deny that they
were A. P. As.
"The last question they asked me was:
•Do you think it would subserve the in
terest of silver to have you and Rogers
both remain in the field?' and 1 answered
that I thought it would."
McGlashan was the next to appear be
fore the committee. The burden of his
sorifrwas that he was supported by 8000
A. F. A. votes that De Vries couid not get
because De Vries had a Catholic wife. He
said also that if De Vries remained in the
field Grove L. Johnson would be elected.
Referring to the report that had gone
abroad to the effect that his candidacy was
in the interest of Johnson, Mr. McGlashan
said that the report was not true, for he,
McGlashan, several years ago had suc
ceeded in driving but ot Truckee the
Chinamen who were working for the
Southern Pacific Company.
At 6:20 p. m. tbe committee took a re
cess until 7:30 p. M. for dinner.
The evening session lasted two hours
and was taken ap with hearing the claims
of Castle and Maddux of the Sixth District.
An adjournment was had until 11 o'clock
this morning, when the committee will
proceed to deliberate.
The case of the Third Congrp.s«ional
District was postponed until tne Demo
crats shall have made their nominations
there, which will be next Friday. M. F.
Tarpey, National Committeeman, and
Warren English will seek the nomination
at the hands of the Democratic conven
tion. Mr. Vann has already been nomi
nated by the Populists, but he will be
turned down to make way for Tarpey or
Boclisb.
The fusion slate as it looks now, reads:
First District— Cutler, a Democrat.
Second District— DeVries. a Democrat.
Third District— Tarpey or English, a Demo
crat.
Fourth District — Maguire, a Democrat.
Fifth District— Rogers, a Populist.
Sixth Dinriet— Madrtox, a Democrat.
Seventh District— Barlow, a Populist.
But the slate will he disturbed by the
intrusion thereon of Monteith in the First,
if his backbone holds out, which is doubt
ful; by McGiashan in the Second and by
Kelly in the Fifth, so that the fusion has
simpiy ended in confusion, the two Popu
lists on the slate being put into districts
where neither they nor the Democrats
would have the remotest chance of defeat
ing the Republican candidates.
PROCEEDINGS YESTERDAY
Kelly, McGlashan and Maddux
Defy the Committee
At the appointed hour yesterday after
noon the committee resumed its session.
It was as executive and as profoundly
secret as usual. The first candidate who
appeared was DeVries, of the Second Dis
trict. He was a favorite with ti.e Demo
cratic six and the silver three, he being
acceptable to the Southern Pacific Com
pany, and the committee beamed upon
him their sunniest smiles. He told them
why lie thought himself to be the strongest
candidate in the field, and when he bowed
himself out he was succeeded by George
W. Monteith.
Mr. Monteith is the People's party
nominee for Congress from the First Dis
trict, but the Democrats and the Southern
Pacific Company do not want him. Hence
his appearance was similar to that of the
liiiuD being introduced to the butcher, to
bleat a mild protest against having his
political brains knocked out with a South
ern Pacific coupling-pin.
Mr. Monteith fell into the trap so cun
ningly laid for him by the committee. He
acknowledged their authority to dispose
of his political claims by placing before
them a typewritten statement. In that
document he agreed to make a confiden
tial statement of his political condition
before Joseph Leggett and J. W. Keegan,
in which ho would confide to them tiie
reasons why he had refused to file his res
ignation, and if they should be satisfied
from the evidence presented before them
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALJL, WEIXNJSSDAi:, SEPTEMBER 2, 1896.
that his reasons were impersonal and un
selfish and sufficient to justify his refusal
they should then report their conclusions
to the joint committee, who, in that event,
would agree to give him the fusion nomi
nation and their support. On the other
hand, if he should fail to furnish those two
gentlemen with sufficient reasons to jus
tify his refusal to withdraw, a vote by mail
should be taken of the delegates to the
late Populist Congressional Convention of
the First District upon the question of his
retirement.
If the majority should vote to have him
withdraw lie would then hand in his
resignation in due form. But if the ma
jority should fail to so vote, then the com
mittee should decide against fusion in the
First District and leave the present nom
inations undisturbed. Before this ar
rangement should be entered Into, bow
ever, the committee should secure full
authority from the respective State Cen
tral committees of the three parties con
stituting the same before anything could
be confirmed.
The foregoing is tbe cist of Mr. Mon
teith's plan. It is a very easy way for
him to withdraw without violating his
pledge, for the plan was doubtless sug
gested to him by an enemy in the mask of
a friend to accomplish his undoing. There
can be no doubt that the Southern Pacific
Company can succeed in elongating the
legs of a majority of the Congressional
convention through Democrats and Pop
ulists of influence who are friendly to the
railroad committee and unfriendly to
Monteith and men of his kind.
Mr. Monteith spoke rather cruelly to
the committee, and insinuated that it
was influenced by the Southern Pacific
Company. The committee was indignant,
and glowered witn ill-concealed hate upon
tbe unconscious back of the strikers' at
torney as he was going out of the door.
DEATH OF REGLOV.
Passing of One of the Finest St.
Bernard Dog* on the Coait.
The well-known St. Bernard dog Reglov,
LON AGNEW AND BILLY AKERS.
belonging to H. McCracken of the Pre
sidio kennels, died a few days ago of
strangulation, one of his legs becoming
entangled in his chain and tightening his
collar until death ensued. Reglov was one
of the largest dogs on tbe coast and was
the sire of a number of promising pup
pies.
He vas grandly bred and his services
were in great demand in the stud. At the
time of his death Reglov was being pre
pared for the dog show that is to be held at
Stockton in September.
AN EX-CONVICT ARRESTED
Trying to Dispose of Some
Jewelry Believed to Have
Been Stolen.
When Searched, a B ack Kask and
Burglars' Tools Were Found
in His Pockets.
Stanislaus Vcniadousky, au ex-convict,
was arrested yesterday afternoon by Ber
jreant Mooney and detained in the "tanks"
at the City Prison pending an investiga
tion.
Voniadousky met H. Livinski yesterday
morning on Clay and Montpomery streets.
They had known each other before Vonia
dousky was sent to Ban Quentin on Feb
ruary 3, 1894, for three years lor burelary,
and when Voniadousky showed Livinski
some turquoise rings and screw diamonds
and offered to sell them Cheap, Livinski
jumped to. the conclusion that Vonia
dousky had been at his old tricks again.
Livinski looked in all directions lor a
policeman, but none was in sight, so he
asked Voniadousky into a saloon and or
dered a bottle of wine, in the hope that an
officer would pass the place. They re
mained there for some time till finally
Livinski asked the ex-convict to go with
him to his store near Ninth and Howard
and de would see about purchasing the
jewelry.
When they got there Livinski telephoned
to the Seventeenth-street station and Ser
geant Mooney, who happened to be in the
station, answered the call. Voniadousky
had become suspicious, and when he saw
the sergeant he mad? a bolt, but was
quickly overtaken and marched to the
City Prison. When searched a black mask,
a pair of nippers, some skeleton keys and
other burglar's tools were found in bis
pockets, besides the jewelry.
When asked where he came from he re
plied in a surly tone, "From the country."
Being pressed to be more explicit he said,
"From San Quentin, as I suppose you will
make it your business to find out."
He was released from San Quentin on
June 14, and the police suspect that some
of tbe recent burglaries have been com
mitted by him. They want an owner for
the turquoise rings and screw diamonds.
Mm. Kllcline May Krcover.
Joseph Kilcllne, the ex-stoker, wHb shot hi*
wife four limes Monday afternoon, appeared
before Judge Conlan yesterday. He was in
structed and arraigned and asked for time to
procure the services of an attorney. The ca^e
was continued for a week. Mrs. Kilcline was
resting comfortably in the Receiving Hospital
yesterday, and Dr. Weil has hopes thai she
may riu 1 throngh, as he does nut think the
bulleia touched any vital spot.
BOXING MATCHES
THIS EVENING,
The Colma Club Has Ar
ranged for Two Good
Entertainments.
TEN - ROUND CONTESTS.
Stelzner Will Handicap Peppers
Fifteen Pounds in
Weight
THE AKERS AND AGNEW BOUT
Young Mitchell Is Negotiating for a
Contest Between Dan Tracey
and George Green.
This evening the Colma Athletic Club
will give a fistic entertainment at the
Grove-streeL Theater, and, although the
match between the erratic Billy Gal-
lagher of Los Angeles and George Green
of the Olympic Club of this City has been
declared off because of Gallagher's im
paired condition, an excellent match has
been substituted.
Jack Stelzner, the pugilist who made
such a very good showing against Van
Buskirk at the National Athletic Club en
tertainment, will try conclusions with
Henry Peppers, who by the way is one of
the most shifty and dangerous fighters of
th' pro:ession. Stelzner will have an ad
vantage of ahout fifteen pounds in weight,
but thfl "hot-stuff" man from the south
says that he never pays any attention to
size or weight, because the larger the man
is the heavier he will fall when hit on the
bullseye, and of course the bullseye,
wt.en a reference is made to prize tight
ing, means the point of the chin, which
vulnerable spot is closely protected by
pugilists who are well drilled in tbe art of
self-defense.
Stelzner is in far better condition now
than when he fought the big Olympic
Club heavy-weight, and his friends, who
are many, are very sanguine that he will
whip Perpers. The latter has very littie
to say, but judging from his past record it
can be safely predicted that he will
astonish Stelzner just as soon as a mix
ture of "fistic punches" will take place.
At any rate the contest should prove very
interesting, as the men have reputations
for pluck~and cleverness, which should
guarantee a bout that will please the
most fastidious seekers of fistic spoit
Another contest which is certain to give
the best of satisfaction is the match be.
tween Lou Agnew and Billy Akers. The
last named pugilist retired about hve
years ago from the ring, and his return
will be welcomed by a host of followers
who have the utmost confidence in Akers'
ability to whip any man of his weight in
America. Billy is unquestionably clever,
and his cool and graceful system of right
ing has always been admired by the fol
lowers of the prize-ring. Agnew is not
very well known to the fraternity, but it
can be said of him that he is as game a
lad as ever stepped between ropes and
should give Chunkey Akers a rattling
good argument in the race for golden
honors.
Young Mitchell received a telegram yes
terday from Hopkins, a theatrical mana
ger of Chicago, which stated that Dan
Tracey, the clever lightweight pugilist,
had consented to fight George Green in
this City, under the auspices of the Occi
dental Club. Green is only too anxious to
meet anybody in a contest of ten rounds,
and as Tracey is a remarkably clever ex
ponent of boxing, a bout between him and
Green would be well worth going many
miles to witness. This will b« one of the
star attractions booked by the Occidentals
for their next entertainment.
Harry Corbett left for New York last
evening with his wife and daughter.
While sojourning in the East Harry will
visit his brother in Asbury Park, where
he will remain for several weeks.
An Egg-Eating Challenge.
The following challenge in egg-eating
has been received and, of course, speaks
for itself:
Pan Fbancisoo, Auk. 26, 1896
Editor Call : Will you kindly stare through
The Call that I will buck John Hurey, the
champion egg-eater of the San Francisco Dis
trict Telegraph Company, against Ernest
Miller, the so-called champion of the Pacific
Const, in an eee->-fttine contest for $25 h side
or I will water the above sum that he can de
vour nix dozen at one sitting. I can be found
at 912 Market street, also the raon. y.
John McDonald,
for John 11 u key.
WV hater N«»t Guilty
Warren Webster was yesterday acquitted of
a charge of criminal assault Webster was
tried on the charge once before and sentenced
to fourteen years in San Qutnlin, but whs
granted a new trial by the Supreme Court. It
was shown cm the second trial that the girl he
was Moused of mistreating was fully as bad as
Webster was accused of being, and a jury in
Judge Belcher's court acquitted him.
WITH CLOSED DOORS.
Preliminary Exam I nation of Frank
Darragh for Grand Larceny
Commenced.
The preliminary examination of Frant
Darragh on the charge of grand larceny
was commence! before Judge Conlan yes
terday morning.
Darragh waa an employe of Lachman &
Jacob, in their wine vaults on Second and
Bryant streets, and is accused of tteuling
a sack containing $985 %hich had been
placed in a bureau drawer in the superin
tendent's office to pay the men's wages.
Carroil Cook appeared for the defendant
and surprised the Judge by asking that
the courtroom should be cleared of every
body except the officers of the court dur
ing the hearing of the case. The Judge
make the order.
The case was not concluded when the
court adjourned.
FORCED INTO INSOLVENCY.
J. J. O'Farrell Made to Assign by
Several Minor Creditors.
Five of the minor creditors of J. J. O'Far
rell yesterday filed a creditors' petition in
involuntary insolvency and so forced Ihe
real estate dealer to assign. The credi
tors signing the petition, with the amounts
dUG them are as follows: Annie Donahue,
$1015; James Regan, $140; Eleanor Martin,
$20; Belle Donahue Bprague, $742 62; and
K. J. Techau, $37 15.
Nearly all the money due the creditors
named is for money collected for rents and
not turned over to them.
The act of insolvency complained of is
that O'Farrell permitted bis property to
remain under attachment for four days.
Transferred to Washington.
Michael A. Heverin, night doorneeper at the
Custom-house, has been transferred to Wash
ington, where he assumes the title and posi
tion of captain of the KU&r4 ot the trea&ury
building. The change is due to the illness oi
the present captain of the guard at tiie treas
ury building. Some weeks ago he applied to
Secretary Carlisle for removal to San Francisco,
whereupon Collector Wi:-e was asked to make a
position for him it possible. He looted about,
and finally settled upon Heverin as the most
available man. The later was more than will
ing to make the change, lor it brings him in
creased honor and a much larger salary. Mr.
Heverin is au old newspaper man, but was
forced to retire from his chosen profession on
account of 111 health. He will leave for his
new post of duty to-night.
lie Took Morphine.
John.Walkerstofer, a laborer living at 944J^
Harrifon street, committed suicide yesterday
morning by swallowing an overdose of mor
phine. The deceased had not been well for
some time, and iv consequence was very des
pondent. Further than this therf was no ap
parent reason lor bis rash act. Waikerstofer
leaves a wlie and family.
NEW TO-DAY.
Danger to
Young Men,
The chances of total loss of manly power
are so great in men who find slight indi-
cations of a waste in the system that it is
vitally important tnat such indications be
attended to at ance. They should be
checked while such a thing is possible, for
if they are permitted to continue, instead
of stopping naturally, they will become
greater from day to day, and will, in a few
years, completely disrupt the whole nerv-
ous and vital organism.
Young men who notice what they con-
sider light symptoms of weakness do not
realize the danger :hat lurks in their path.
They do not understand the serious conse-
quences, the destruction of nerve tissue,
waste, of vital force and power of brain,
loss of flesh, loss of memory and total
impotency. These are the consequences
that follow in the trail of slight evidences
of weakness.
CORE IT NOW.
To protect your future manhood, to
guard against total loss of vitality, regain
your health now. Wi ile youth is at band
to bring happiness »nd joy, such as comes
to the strong, drive away the cause of de-
pression, bring back confidence, bright
eyes and happy disposition. Bring them
back naturally by removing the weakness.
You can do this with
DR. SAN DEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
MANHOOD QUICKLY RESTORED.
Westminster, ORANGE CO.. Cal., »
May 18, 1896. {
Or. A. T. Sanden— Dear Sir: The Belt which
bought irom you some time ago has cured
me. My disease was seminal weakness of live
years' standing. I used all kinds of drugs and
patent medicines, and was, when I began
your treatment, in a very weak condition,
both lrom my trouble and the many different
drugs I hud. taken. As soon as I applied your
Belt I found relief, in three weeks a general
improved con dl ton, and I am now entirely
cured. I canuot -ay too much in praise of your
Belt. Yours truly. J. M. HUBBARD.
a GRATEFUL DAIRYMAN. :
San Francisco, Cai., April 8, 1896. %l
Dr. A. T. Sanden— Dear Sir: When I got your
Belt a few months ago I was awful nervous
and weak. S I was almost broken down with
nervous debility, I could not work and could
not sleep. During the afternoon I would- gut
so weak I could hardly finish my day's work.
I got your Belt and had only worn it a month
when I got my strength back so that I could
work hard all day wi then getting tired, and
have been well and strong ever since. It is
the best thing I ever used, and I will always
recommend it. Yours very truly,
v ED. M. PIERCE,
Guadeloupe Dairy, Fifteenth avenne aud San
Bruno road, San Francisco.
Men : wsp are weaK, or.wno leei any sign
of weakness, should try this famous Elec-
tric Belt. It will give you new life and
energy. It cures all the effects of youth-
ful errors. Send for the book "Three
Classes of Men," which Dr. 'Sanden will
fiend, closely sealed, free on application.
Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 Market ~ Street, San Francisco,'
Opposite Palace Hotel, uilioe hours: a a. x. to
8:30 F. m.: Sundays. 10 to 1.
Consultation Free and Invited.
OFFICES AT:
JXJS AXOKI-ICS, LAL, I. PORTLAND, OR.,
, JrfOi bom» Uronqway. 1 , 253 Waabliucva stratt. |
NEW TO-SAT.
CinnV ATI Hi I TUfi I
11 1 Ur nwn l AKIS
HOSIERY!
300 dozen LADIES' BLACK COTTOX HOSE, color guaranteed, double soles, 1C«
heels and toes, 25c quality for. lOC Per Pair.
250 dozen Excellent Quality BLACK COTTON HOSE, color guaranteed, double O X A m <U1
soles, heels and toes, 50c quality O TO I 4>l
100 dozen LADIES' ENGLISH CASHMERE HOSE, extra quality and length, r-0.~ <i.-M\
65c quality for. OUC Per Pair.
500 dozen BOYS' HEAVY COTTON HOSE, German make, fast black, double OC«
knees, heels and toes, sizes 7 to 9, worth 40c, at ZOC Per Pair.
UNDERWEAR!
GENTS' HEAVY NATURAL WOOL SHIRT AND DRAWERS, worth $1 25, at <£1
..:..;.:.... 3>i Each.
LADIES' AUSTRALIAN NATURAL WOOL VESTS AND DRAWERS, nice, soft<£l
quality, worth $1 35 each, at spi Each.
50 dozen BOYS' NATURAL WOOL SHIRTS AND DRAWERS, in sizes 20 to 34 toCn«
close at ;.., OUC Each.
SE HABIjA 33SI»A.I>a-Olji.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VILLE 33E PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
The
Subscription List
Of the
Weekly : Call
Has
More Than Doubled
Within the Past Year.
SI OPIUM
The pure essential extract from the native dm?. Con-
ta:us all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
•witnout Us noxious elements. No sickness cf stoniHcli-
no Tomit.ng ; no co^tivt:ne?a , no neadaciie. Ail DrugßUiU,
j RAILROAD TO A VET.:
SM FRAi\CISCO
I CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlbnron Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WBRK DA TB— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. if.; 12:51
8:80, 6:10. 6:30 p. it. Th ursdays- Extra tH»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra uip* •*, 1:M
BO>TDAYS-7Ti50%:30, 11:00 a. *.; 1:30. 3:3 a
6:00, 6:20 p. it.
| , San Rafael to San Francisco. "-'-
-! WEEK DAYS— 6:15, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. it-
it 2 i?5- 5 3 P. 4 i in^S- ,««««■*"-*«« «&
BU^!oo/6^5 7 p 36 1 i. 9: ' > ''' U:W *" lt: IAOt 3! **
o:UO, 6:25 P. U. ,
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sama
■chednle as above. —«••
_ e « ya In effect I Arrive '
■an Francisco. ■^^r I San Francisco.
Wekkl Sun- li-.^u^ion. 1 BtTN *- I Whb«~
; Dayb, I pays. destination DAYS^ , Da y •
7:30 am 7:30 ami Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
8 :Sopm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
i 6:10 pm , 5 .00 pm I Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm ] 6:15 pm
i Fulton, "
7:30 am Windsor, . 10:10 am
iHealdsbur?,
IGeyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am! Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Pleta, — "
7:30 am! Hopland <& 10:10 am
I B:3opm 7:3oam Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
! 7:30 am i 10.10 am
7:30 am Guernevllle. 7:30 ex
j 3:30 pm J 6:15 pm
I 7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
, 8:10 fm 5:00 pm { Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:16 pm
7:30 am|7:3o ami . . tarin , 110:40 AMi 10 am
I 8:30 pm|s:oopml lset "»' to P < M- | 6:O&PM | 6:15 pm
Btßfre* connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
JSprlngs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
, Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and utkeport; at
Hopland for Lafceport and Barrett Spring*: at
; tJkiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blno
Lakes, .Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Homo. Potter
J Valley, Joan Day's, Riverside, Lieflej's, Buck*
i Bell's, Sanhedrln lieights. Hullville, BooneviU«^
iGreenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
i {Yon Bragg, Wsstport, T.: 3 a!, Willets, Cahto, C*>
j T*lo, Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Knreka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at redoa«4
tau-a.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points ba»
.fond San Rafael at half rates. ... ■ :
Ticket Offlcs. 650 Market St., Chronicle tvi'Mln*
H.C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
iJen. Manager. Gen. I'as.t. Agent.
MTU PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry). -,
From San SxanaUco, <otni:;- n.-lut; juue 15, 189 i
WKEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, »8:00
•9:15 10:15, 11:45, a. m.: •►IMS, 3:20. 4:15,
6:15, »b:0l). 6:35 p. m. " ' ' *
Extra trips lor San ■ Rafael on I Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11:30 P. a.
SUNDAYS. .
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »9 00
*10:l)0, 11:31) a. m. ; **1-J:3J. »1 :3O, •2:15, *4:OU
6:30, 6:45, 8:30 P. m, . Ljtir* trip to Sausautoa:
■ 11:00 a.m.
Trains marked * run to San Qnentin. ; ••12:30
p.m. does not run to Mill Valley. ■
THROUGH TRAINS.
I For Point Reyes ana way »t»tiona— 9 a. m.
! Sundays. *
For Point Reyes, Cazadero and way station*—
8:00 a. m. Saaoay 8 ; 1:46 r. m. weekday* "
3fei#% iMHOOD RESTQRFD^--'-
Si3>-— <i=J y^JT ~-^ V •'•**»»•■**%*■# UfaV 1 WEait»«ViUilizer,theprescrip.
I'iSSK tion a French physician, will quickly cure yon of all
J -— <^rdiJ^F ,—^ V •••■"■■l w*#»# lIS-V* I VElfaWVitalizer.theprescrip-
(^ <^ r r\ WV* *** » tion ot * l * mous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ncr-
I \\\ /Ai ', X] J ou or diseases of the generative organ*, such as Lost Manhood,
* T kSZJ V^ i J M! Insomnia, Fains in the Back, Seminal Emissions. Nervous Debility!
t I ff^L T WB' Pimples, TJnfltnesg to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicocelo aiit]
« NT : / V -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night. Prevents quick.
£ * NXj/ ness of discharge, which if not ebpeked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
« BEFORE AND AFTER all the horrors of Impotency. «:UHI»KKE cleanses the liver, Uia
I \mrr»»lr-^ kidneys and the urinary organs of all imparities. *
■" CtJPI*MGNE strengthens and restores small weak organs.
_^ The reason sufferer; are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are troubled with
Proatmtltf a. CDPIDENE is the only knov»n remedy to cure without an cm ration. 6000 testimony
Bis. A writteQ guarantee given and money returned If six boxes does not effect a permanent euro.
|1.00 a box, six for $5.00, by mail. Send for free circular and tfr3Umon!a!c
Addrou UAVUIi SliiUiUl^jfi CO.. 1170 Market street, Ban Francisco, Cat. For sale by
- JU&UUIV& 1 iiiAiUdACV, Powell auaac
I RAILROAD TRAVEL;
SOITUI.RN I*A«:iFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train* leave nml arc duo to arrlre at
MAN IitANt'KCO.
leave — From Juke 7. 1896. — ahiuvi
'•6:00 a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations . . . B:4.vi
7:<>Oa Atlantic Express, Ogileu and Hast.. *--4S»
7iooa Benicia, Vacaville, Kuras'.-y, Sacrv
mento, OroYille and Bedding ii» '^ ;■■ ■
Davis 6:45p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls.
toga anil Santa Eosa 6:13*
•taOA NiWs, San Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysville and lies
Bluff 4:l«i.
•S:3oa Peters and Milton *7:lSr
. •:O«»a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles 4:4Ap
B:00a Martinez and Stockton 11:43 a
9:OOa Vallejo 6:lSp
l:OOp Nilea, ban Jose and Liveruore 8:43 a
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers «9:00p
:3Op Port Costa and Way Stations f?:43z
4:001- Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo,
Xiapa, Calistoga, Xl Verauo uui
Santa Rosa 9i15 a
«J«Op Benicia, VacaTllle, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarjsTills,
OroTille and Sacramento 19;45a
4tB9pNile3, San Jose, Liver more and
Stockton 7:15*
4:39p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yo3emite) and Fresno 11i4!Jl»
«O#f New Orleans l"resno,Bakera»
*ield, Santa narbara.T-os Angele&
±)en\iiig, El l J as«, New Orleans and
Sast 10:13 a
Bi6W? Sauta Fe Route. Atlautic Express
for MojaTe aud East IC:l3a
s:oopVaUeJo..... 11:4.1 a
•:O<»t» European Mail, Ogilen and Hast.... 9:43 a
«:OOp Hav'vards, Kllesand Sail Jose 7:43 a
fr:OOpVallsjo t7'.45p
7:00 r Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
ville. Redding, Portland, Pugct
. Hound and leant 10:43 a
' SASTA < 'IH.'Z IHVIsiO.N (Narrow House;.
{7:45 a Santa Croz Excursion, Santa Cruz '
and Principal Way Stations JSj«Op
SilSa Newark, lose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations OlMr
•atlßr Newark, Ce«tervUle, San Jose. New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Sauta Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •11:30 a
' j f-lilSp Newark. San .lose and l.oi 0at05....
(OAST l>l VISION (Iliinl & I.HTiisend Sts.)
*6:4SASan Jose and Way .Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) » 9:4.7 a
17:3va Sunday Excursion for San JoseL
• Santa Cruz, Pacific Grote, ana
Principal Way Stations JS:3Sr
SilOa San .lose, Tres Piuos, Santa C'rnz,
Pacific Grove, Paso Rubles, Sac
{.tils <)lilspo, Guadalnpe and Priu-
• - Tipal Way iStntiuns 7:05
J9:47a. Palo Alto aad Way Stations fl:3op
lOilUASauJo' "ail Way Stations S:OOp
11:30 a Palo Alto an.l Way Stations....... 3:30*
•'2:3 Op San Mateo. Menlo Park. Haa Jura.
I ; Oilroy. Tres linos, Santa Criu,
Balinas,Monter«y aiul PaciiicOrove *IQ:4O\
*3::iup San Jose, Pacific Grove aud Way
 Stations "l; 30»
•4:30p San Jose and Way Statimis ••; \
. 3:30p San .Jose anil Principal Way Stations *n:l*«v
. 6::iopSan Jose aLd WaySUtious 6:33 a
: III:45p San .lose anil. Way StoHnng <t:l.'i|.
! SAX LEAMUtO A.M> 11AYWAU1>S LuiialZ
i*O:OOAi ( 7:13*
8:00 a .:■,■'• [ (9:43. v
' lO.oSa Meirwe, Seminar, Park, \y\l\
I "ieloor FltcabHrg, Le»iidr« "ffJlj
3:00p an & J 4:13p
4:00p BB<I •* 5:43?
s:o<>p PATirardiL 0:15r
7:(>Op • , B:4-if
9:00p < Runs through to Niles. lo'-.o!-
-ttll:13pj ' From Niles. { ta2:oo
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
! from SIB /KIIiOISCO— Feet of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9;00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 »2:00 ±3:CB
•i:O3 to:00 "5:00 p.m.
! PromOiKLAND— Foot of Broad vajr. — -« : 00 8:01
10:00\.m. tI2JO *l:0a 13*0 *3:00 Ji:C«
*5:00r.M. - - .
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
j * Sundays excepted. 1 Saturdays only,
t Sundays only.
it Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
§ Saturdays and Sundays for Santa Crux.
"8 Sunday* and Mondays from Santa Crua.
Atlantic ■^gM
KAII.KOAU
Trains leave anJ arriv.t «: RSreSHKß^iftl
Market-Street Ferry. H^^^M
s4\ta FXPuSSS.
To Chicago via A. A: r .^jj^gjg\Sres?\yTg|
Leaves every day at 5 p. m., cmt: . ..- tui,m»a
; Palace Drawing-room sire; rs, aso iiodern Lp.
holstered. Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
an i bedding and In chareeol a porter, run dally
through •-© Chicago via Kansas City. Annex can
i for Denver and St. Louis. ■
Persona ly conducted Boston Excursions via
I'-jis.-ui City, Chlcaeo, Montreal and the White
; Mains leave every Wednesday.
The test railway from -Call!orri!a to the East.
, New rails, n>'wtles; nodust: interesting scenery!
I and good meals In Harvey's dlaing-roorus.
Ticket UlHce- 044 Market Street,
Chroniclo Jbolldlng.
Telephone Mala 1531*
MILL VALLEY ASD MOIST TAMALPAIS
mm -railway;
ON ANT AFTER THURSDAY, AUGUST 27,
train will connect with Nor;h Pacific Coast
Kail road as follows: Week Days leave San Fran-
cisco 11:45 a. m. ; returning arrive in ban Fran-
j Cisco 6:3 p.m. Snuday: .Leave Han Francisco 9
I a. m. and 1:30 p. M. : retnrnlns arrive in Ran Fran-
cisco 3:30 and 6:30 p. m. Tickets can be secured
in advance o:
THOS. COOK & SOX, 621 Market st.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
l-UMMAKY OF THE MAJSKJSXS.
Bank clearings fall behind 1896.
silver unchanged.
Brewing Barley In less demand.
U heai weaker. Freight* firm.
Oats steady. Corn and Kye dull.
Bran uud Middlings unchanged.
Hay in d-created receipt,
comi.ierabie change in Beans.
Flour as before.
Potatoes and Onions cheap.
Vegetables in good supply.
Poultry easier. .
Butter advanced again.
No change in Cheese.
Eggs rather easier.
; Fresh Fruits slowly advancing.
Iresh new Prunes sent East.
Grapes and Melons plentiful.
Citrus Fruits dull.
Provisions unchanged. 0
Hides and Leather steadier.
[lops and Wool demoralized.
CoflYe quiet.
Meat market unchanged.
STOCKS OF GRAIN.
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Abel reports
stocks of Grain in Call Board warehouses Septem
ber 1 as follows, In tons:
WHEAT- -
Port Costa. Stockton. City.
August 1 26,757 19,698 1,185
September 1.... 47.670 44,635 1,181
Barley. I Oats. J Corn. Bran.
August 1 7,322. 1.972 1,378 426
September 1 9.365 ! i,323 1,690 327
The receipts in Aneuxt were 51, '-'B9 tons Barley,
1833 do Oats, 816 do Corn and 2128 do Bran.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings In August were 153,008,617,
against f 57. 462.098 in August, 18 6. Decrease
this year, $3,853,480. For the firs, eight months
of 18»6 1 hey were $440,929,610, against $440,969,
-503 for the same Unix In 1K95.
PRODUCE EXCHANGE SALES.
Produce Exchange call sales since July 1 amount
to 163.700 tons Wheat and 19,000 tons Barley.
ripianatlon.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figure*
at station indicate maximum temperature for the j
days; those underneath it, if any, the amount of ;
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and hundredth '
ilnrin? the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hl«h" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accomDAnied by fair weather: "low" !
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded j
and accompanied by cloudy weather and nuns. |
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington j
coait. When the pressure is high In th« interior j
•nd low along the coast, and the isobars extend ■
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable; j
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of j
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb- 1
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and j
the pressure falling to the California* coast, wnrinef j
weather may be expected in summer and colder |
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
Mil produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of AGBictrL
tike Weather Bureau. San Francisco, Sept.
1, 1896, 6p. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 66. Fresno 88, San Dieso 74, Red Bluff
90, San Luis <bispo 80, Yuma 102, San Francisco
71. Los Aniu'les 80.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 71,
minimum 56. mean 64.
An extensive area of high pressure is moving
eastward to-night over the country north of the
forty-second paral el. During the past twenty
four hours there has been a rise of two-tenths of
an inch in pressure over the northern tier of
States Light rain has fallen in Idaho and heavy
rain In Montana. A rainfall of 1.04 inches is re
ported at Havre.
The temperature has risen slightly ovt the
northern half of the Pacific slope, and has fallen
over the Rocky Mountain region and eastward, j
The weather has beec generally clear throughout
California.
Forecast made At San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, September 2, 1896:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; some
what warmer in the valleys: fresh northerly winds I
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; light ;
northwesterly winds.
Nevada— fair Wednesday.
Utuh— Cloudy Wednesday; cooler In the northern ]
portion.
Arizona — Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
fresa northerly winds.
A. U. Ucaiiik. Local Forecast Official. .
NEW YORK MARKETS.
S Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept I.— The stock market
after scoring fractional declines at the opening in
consequence of the receipts of lower quotations
from London soon developed strencth on the news
that certain linns here imd ordered over $2,000,
-dUO additional gold from nlircal. making the
total engagements up to date over $20,000,000.
The shorts lo^i no time In reducing their con
tracts and an advance of 14 to 1 per cent ensued.
While spec v atiou showed a good deal of strength
it lacked the force which characterized the deai
iuga for several (lavs ims:, and the changed condi
tions were reflected in a sharp decline later on.
Louisville and Nashville yielded 13/ . sn ar and
Tobacco 114. Baltimore and Ohio 2*4, Burlington '
•rid Qulncy ]-/;, Manhattan 1% ana other stocks •
14 to 1 per cent. Louisville and Nashville was !
unfavorably affected by the heavy falling off in '
the net earnings 01 the company for the month of ;
July, and Baltimore and Ohio yielded on rumors j
that when the reorganization plan Is made public ;
it would be found that the committee having the I
matter In char c hart decided to levy a he.ivy as- !
sessment on the stockholder*.
Speculat on continued feverish until near the '
close, when It again developed firmness on the de- i
cline of call money ra es from 8 to 3 per cent and
more particular. on the rumors prevalent in the !
exchange thai the Vt-rmon election would give a I
heavy republican majority. Of course the latter
was mere conjecture, but nevertheless ii was made
to do service In the st ck market. Among the
specialties Illinois Central Jumped 2% to 88 and
Minnesota Iron 6 to 46@45, while Illinois Steel
dropped 2to 35. The volume of transactions was
mucn smaller than on yesterday, amounting 10
only 127.025. Including 20,900 Sugar, 20,700 St.
Paul, 12.000 Loulsvil.e and Aa.hvil c.
Net changes show gains of Vfe®lVs percent.
Louisville and Nashville lost 6fe and Baltimore
and Ohio 21,4.
Bonds were lower. Total sales were $475,000
Atchlson adjust)). tint fours fell 1 1/4 to 30^4- Kan
sas ai.d Texas seconds. 1 to 49: Northwestern
fours, iy 3 to 98: 1 eading first preferred, IVi to
25 Vi: do second. 11,4 to 11%. and Southern Hall
way con oiidatea lives, 1 to 82.
„ In Government bonds $67,003 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 1135/ B @U4; $15,000 do registered at
1133^; $2000 coupon fours of 1907 at 107 and
$27,Uu0 coupon fives at 10914.
< rain.
FLOUR— Firm; winter wheat, low grades,
SI 70@$2 60: ao fair to fancy, $2 40@3 40; do
patents, $3 45@3 85; Minnesota clear. $2 30@
$2 70; do straits, $2 8503 SO: do oatents, $3 15®
94 05: low extras, $1 70@2 50; city mills, $3 90;
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WtlhbLuCK & CO.,
4 LeldesdorfX St., Tel. Main 1054.
RBASCH OVFICK
128 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. 8. riHltY, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, s. F.
CiIiCAUQ. rUVATJfi wuus. «jkw YOBXt
1 do patents, $4@4 25: mixtures, $2 40@2 90: su
perfine, $1 &5(g)2 10; fine, $1 40@l 85.
KAKLKY-uuiet; feeding new, 3iy a c; do old,
I 33c.
BARLEY MALT— QuIeU Western. 48©53 c.
WHEAT— Spot market doll, weaKer with op-
I tions; f. o. 0., 61% c; ungraded red, 66@67c;
No. 1 Northern, 65c.
Options were lalrly active and closed weak at
I@IVBC decline on lower cables, foreign selling,
weaker West and local realizing. December and
September most active. Slay, 691/8"; September,
62 /ic: October, 63'*,c; December, 6*. Vie.
C\>RN— -pot, moderately active, weaker; No. 2,
25% c eievaior: 26*540 afloat.
< ptio s were ucuve, closing weak, at s/a'&Sac
decline on weak West, easier cables and heavy re
ceipts. September and October most active.
September, 2534 c; October, 26<ftc; December,
27% c: May. 30V4-.
«/ATS— spot dull, steady.
notions more active, weaker. September, 19*4 c:
October, 20% c; December, 2iy B e.
s-pot prices: No. 2. 20c; No. i wnlte. 23% c: No. 2
Chicago, 21c; No. 3, 18c; No. 3 white. 20% c;
mixed Western, 19@21c: white do, 20@28c.
i rovialont.
IjAKD— Quiet weak: Western steam, $8 76;
city, $3 45@3 50: September. $.< 67: refined, dull;
continent. «'■! 'JO: xnitii American. $4 70: com
pound, i-%@sy 4 a
PORK— Fairly active; ri'-w mess, $7 85@8 25.
BUTTEI: — Fair demand, steady: Western
dairy, B@l2c: do creamery, llV2fa)l6Vsic: extra
factory, 7%@l!i/4c: l-.igius, 16Vs c : imitation
creamery, 10@10%c.
CHEESK — Fair demand, steady; part skims,
2@6c
jiGGS-Ste*dy; Western, fresh, 14@15c; do f»
case, $I@3.
1 ALL. iw -Quiet, nominal: city, 3VB@3V4c;
country, Si,4@3S/sc.
COTTonsked OlL— Steady; crude, 19@20c;
yellow, prime. 23c.
BlCE— Firm; domestic, 3%@5*4c: Japan, 4(3
4y 4 c.
MOLASSES— Steady, moderate demand; New
Orleans, 27@:-7c
COFFEE— Stesdy, unchanged to 6 points down:
September. $9 60@9 65: October, $9 20@9 25:
December, $9 05: .March, $9@9 05; May, $905.
spot Rio dull, steady: No 7. lus/ B e.
SUGAR— Raw easier, quiet; fair refining. 2%c:
centrifugals, 96 test, 3%c: refined, quiet,
oil A, 3 7-16@4%c: mold A, ;>c; anard
A. 4%c; con loners' a, 45,'sc; cut loaf,
5S/ 8 c- crushed, b3/«c; powdered, 6c: granulated,
4%c; cubes, 6c
Jrnlt and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, B@9c.
PEACHES— OId, peeied, 12@14c; nnpeeled, 6%
@8y ?c .
PHUNES— Four sizes, nominal, 434(55c.
RAISINS— rwo-crown, loose Muscatels. S%@ !
4c: do three-crown, 6@si4r; do lour-crowu. sV>c:
do London layers, I@l 10; do clusters, $1 2."j@
HOPS— DuIL Pacific Coast, 3®6%c.
WOOL-Qulet. Domestic fleece, l6@2Sc; pulled.
18to31c; lexas, 10(B.12c
M tirnhansllss).
Tin ippv— Quiet: American. *10 25@10 50.
COPPEIt-Dnll; Jake. SlO 60@10 86.
lEAD-Stendy: domestic. »2 7*J%@2 75.
UN-Dull; straits. *13 26®13 30; t.lates dull.
fcPELTEK-Dull: dcmentic. $3 65@3 76.
CHICAuu MAiiKfcirs.
CHICAGO, Ili». Sept. I.— Hardly one minute of
steadiness prevailed in wheat at the opening this
morning, the crowd concluding that sales were
more likely to be profitable than buying in view
of the very heavy receipts reported in the North
west, 1396 cars, as against 2161 for two days last
year and 654 last Tuesday. Business was not of
particular importance, few ou side orders being
received. The deliveries on September contracts
did not prove to be unusually heavy, and the talk
of enormous quantities changing hands, which has
been heard for some time, was not confirmed.
Opening Liverpool cables were quiet and %d
higher. Receipts at Chicago were 306 cars, and
18.150 bushels were taken from store.
Thoman's crop report was out to-day. It esti
mated the yield of winter and spring wheat at
420,000.000 busheK The Oranee Judd Farmer
estimated it a. 480,000,000 bushels. Liverpool
closing %d lower. Pari* was unchanged and Ant
werp lower. Berlin was %@1 mark higher. Ex
port clearances amounted to J59, 175 bushels The
lone of the market continued weak throughout,
1 the influence of the crop reports mentioned being
! to dfpr.ss prices. December wheat opened from
1 69% clO .>'JS^c, declined to 68V9C. cloun : at
I 68y 2 ® 8V B e, iy B@lVie8 @lVie under yesterday. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow 190 cars.
t Oi;N— Was li: sympathy with whea:, prices de
clining moderately, but trade remain. inactive
and devoid of attractiveness. The ;it was for the
most part neglected, the few orders executed
being for small lots and for local account. Re
ceipts were 752 cars and 454.112 bushels were
withdrawn from s ore. Liverpool cables were
weak and V4d lower. Export, clearances amounted
to 877,711 bushels. May corn opened at 25Vg@
; 2514 c, sold at 2514 c. declined to 24s.gc dosing at
! 24*4 C%c under yesterday. Estimated receipts
j for to-morrow 410 cars.
1 OATS— Were not active, but there was a steadier
' feeling in the market than in either corn or wheat.
i Nothing transpired which at all savored of Impor-
I tance. Receipts were 466 cars. There were no
I withdrawals from store. May oats closed yy 8 c un-
I der yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow,
! 290 cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 63% c: September,
j 631/45j63%c: December, 67@67V*c Receipts
! were 132 cars.
; PROVlSlON'*— Trading was quite firm at quota
[ tions. The offerings were moderate and the de
mand fair. A steady hog market was quoted,
' which was the main reason preventing a decline.
I January pork and ribs unchanged and January
! lard a shade lower.
i BITTER- butter market was quiet to-day.
Receipts were somewhat heavier and the demand
fair. Prices were unchanged.
Creameries— Extras, 16c: firsts, 14%@15%c;
seconds. ll@13c; imitations, lancy, 12@i.<c.
ualriea— Extras, 14c: first*, ll@12c: seconds, 10c
Ladles— Extras, 9%@10c: firsts, B@B%c; packing
stock. 7@7%c; grease. 4@sc.
KGGS— Were steady. T ere was a fair Inquiry
and - but moderate offerings. Prices were un
changed. Fresh stock was quotable at ll@ll%c
9 dozen.
MONE>— Was firm at 6@7% on call and 7% on
iimfe louiia. Mew York, exchange sold at *1 25
discount
Closing Price*.
tvttf at— September. 65% c; December, 68%@
68% c; May, 63y c.
cokn— ceptemDer. 208/« c; December, 21% c:
May, 24% c,
OATS— September. 15i/2@155/8C:: May. 18% c.
PORK— September. *5 70: January, S6 B.y s .
lAkii- September, *3 27%: January, »S 70.
l.Jiit— bepiemoer, 16: January, $3 45.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. to,. Sept I.— The de
; mand for cattle to-day was good. Prices were
I steady and unchanged. Offerings of hog* were
I fair. The demand was good and prices unchanged.
I Sheep and lambs were steady.
CATTLK— KeceiDts. 4000. Fancy beeves. $4 90
I @5 00: choice 10 crime, 1300 to 1700 Ib steers,
: $4 6(Jte l 85; good to choice steers. 1200 10 ItSOO ib,
I S4 2.'j@4 55; medium steers. 1000 to 1300 lb. $4 10
; (&4 20: fair beef iueer.«. 960 to 1300 lbs, I
!$3 75 (<£) 4 00; butcher steers, $3 00 fa) » 70- !
feeders. 900 10 1250 tt> »2 9U@3 65; siockers I
600 to 875 tb. $2 50@3 40; bolls, choice to ex- ;
tra, $'<! 80(a>3 25; bulls, poor to cnoice. $1 76
@2 75: cows ana heifer*, choice to extra. $3 f.O®
; 3 85; cons, fair to choice, $2 25@3 40: rows,
! common to fair canners. $1 25@2 10: calves, good
to choice. $5 76@H 10: calves, common to good,
«3 50@3 75; Texas grass steers. $vs 40@S 16;
Texas cows and bulls, $1 7502 50; v , stem can
ning steers, $2 65(_a,4; Western range cows ana heif
ers, $2 00(a,3 50 milkers and springers. V nead,
$20@«J: Western range steers, 92 76@13 95.
iiyGS— Receipts. 16,000. Heavy packlnc ana
I chipping lots. 92 76&53 25: common to choice
mixed, $2H5@3 36: choice assorted, $3 3514
40: iicht, 93 I.*i(ft3 40: pigs. $2 50*3 36.
SHKKP— iteceipia. 13,000. interior to choice
*2<f1,3 50. iambs, »2 50 £5 50.
CALIFORNIA KRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, Ili., BepU L — The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit to-day as follows:
j Pears-Bart'ett, $1 05@l 40 per box. Plums
' Kelsey,s2 50: Japan, $115: Egg, $1@; 20; some
j in bad order brought less. Prunes— Gros, $1 15@
I 1 25. Peacftes— Plcquets, late, 80c@91; Orange
, Cling, 85 @$1 06. Grapes— Tokay, $1 40(&l 75
-; Muscat. 85r@$l 35: Malaga, «oc(*sl 15.
; NEW YOKK.N. V., Sept. 1.- Porter Bros. Com- |
I pan. sold California fruit to-day as follows* :
■ Pears— Bartlett, $1 55@1 85 p r box and $1 per I
I half-box. Graoes— Tokay. $1 3591 85 per half
crate: Muscat, 95c@l 25. Prunes— Gron, $1 25
i per half-crate. Peaches. s6r@sl per box. Plums—
! Japan (small), 70@75c per hatf-crate.
M.W VVMIa STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Sl>ar««.
Money on call easier at 3@8%; last loan at 3% and
I closing offered at 3*. Prime mercantile Daper.
] 8@9%. i»r niver, l6»/ -. .Mexican dollars, 61S/ 8
I @53V4c: sterlin* Kxcl>an«e was firmer, with
I actual business in bankers' bills at .$4 82iA(4>4 82Sk
for s xty days, and $4 84y 4 @4 84% for lemanii.
: Posiea rates, «4 Bb ®* Bft. Commercial bills.
; •4n1%@4 82 1 /*. Government bonds steady. Stale
i bonds quiet Railroad bonus easier. Silver at the
j board was steady.
I CXOMNO nrocirn.
■Am If, .» Cable.... 78 .Norfolk <ft Westrn 8V«
Atchlson^..... 10% Preferred. 12%
Preferred 16% Northern Padfld 9%
Adams Express. 135 I Preferred.. 17i£
Alton. Terre Haute 64 V 4 1 Northwestern... . 96Vi
American Kxv>ress)o6 1 Preferred 141^
American Touacco. bs«y 2 N. V. Central el
Preferred 93 |N.Y., ChicaKo4-i.il 10
Buy State liy* Ist preferred..... 6IMI
Baltimore <b Ohio.. 15 3 /s Yd preferred 27
Brunswick Lands.. %N. Y . N. H. 164
buffalo, Roch & i*. 1- N. V. <t New Enj". 20
Canada Pacific. 6 " Vi N. V., Susq * W. . . 754
Canada Southern.. 44 Preferred. . 19
Canton Land..: 50% Ontario. " ' li
Central Paalic Ontario & Western 12V4
Cbes. <t 0hi0....... i3^/g Oregon Improvmnt i/L
\ Chicago Alton. 150 Preferred. . . — _
Preferred..: 170 Oregon Navigation 13
Chicago. B. 4 Q.... 61^1 Oregon Short Line. 12
Chicago &E. 111... 37^ I'acitlc Mall 18
Preferred .... HO jl'eorla. D.<fe Evans IV-
CblcagoUas Plttsbur^ 4 W. pM 16"
i Cleve4 Plttsbnrg.,l6s Pullman Palace.. ..13u
Consolidation Coal. 3 'Quicksilver..... li.*.
Consolidated .1 10.- 2 Preferred. .. '" 16 7*7 *
C. C. C. & St. Louis 23i4lReadinc. " 0
Preferred 73 KioGrande4WesVn 16
Colo. Fuel 4 iron. . 16 ■ Preferred. 40
Preferred......... 90 Kock Island... 56
Cotton Oil Cert .... B%! Rome WatAOgden. 109
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1896.
Commercial Cable. 126 ,£(. L. 46. W 23/.
Dei. Hudson- II8S4! Preferred 7%
Del.Lack4Wetttrn. 15. St. Paul 66%
Denver&R-Q 10V 2 Preferred. 122 «
Preferred. 39%!£t. Paul 4 Duluth. 16
Distillers Prelerred. 84
General Electric... 23i/ 2 St. Paul & Omaha. 35
trie 12 y» Preferred 116
Preferred 2* bt. P. M. 4 M .103
Fort Wayne 154 silver Certificates. 663/
Ureat Northern pfdlo7 southern Pacific... 16
Green Bay U, Southern K. R 7y«
Harlem 300 " I Preferred )93' 4
Hocking Coal ISo gar Refinery ....108%
Hocking Valley.... 14 j Preferred. 98
Homestake. 34 'Term. Coal 4 Iron. 171.4
H. <fc Texas Cent... i Preferred. 90
Illinois Central..... 87 Texas Pacific...'... 6%
lown Central 6 'U01.A.A.4 N.Mich.
Preferred 23 Tol. 4 Ohio Cent... 20
Kansas <& Texas... 10 1 Preferred. 60
Preferred 21% Tol.St.Louis4 K.C. 5
KinesionJt Pern... 3 : Preferred .V 5
Lake Erie 4 Westn 14%< Union Paclho 5
Preferred. 62 V* D. P. Den 4 Gulf.. iys
Lake Shore .140% U. S. Cordage 6%
National Lead 19 1 Preferred. 7
Preferred «78% Guaranteed 13%
Longlsiand 66 U. S. kx press 33
Louisville 4 Nash. 39 M. U. S. Leather 6%
Louisville. Na4CI» I%| Preferred *6i/4
Preferred 5 U. S. Rubber 16
Manhattan Consol. 81% Preferred 70
Memphis 4 Chans. 16 I tlca 48. River.l6o
Mexican Central... 7% \\ « b. s. I. 4 Pac. . 6S/ 8
Michigan Central.. 68 1 Preferred 12%
Minn 4 a L. — — Wells-Fargo. *0
Preferred Western Union.... 77S^
Minn 4 St. Loom. 12 Wisconsin Central, l^s
Ist preferred 60 Wheeling 4L. J£.. 6V 8
'■id preferred 34 I Preferred. '-"-' 1
Missouri Pacific... 17% Am Cotton Oil pfd. 42%
Mobile 4 0hi0... 15% W. U. Beef 6
Nashville 4 Chatt. i,7V2 Ann Arbor C
National linseed., la Preferred 13
N. J. Central 95% BrooKlynTri*Ci.!oa. •-'O%
Norm American... 3y B |Krie 2d pld 15 V 3V 3
CXOMSB BONTXI.
Ala Class ACs 100 Northern Pac lsts. 11 2%
Do Class B 4, 65.. 100 Do2ds 105
Alabama, cittaa UlO5 Do3ds 64
Atcnison 4s 7^V2 Ho consol 41%
Do2ds A 30s/. Olmprovement Ist 73
CanadaSouth2ds..loo i Do 5s JO
Cen Pac Istsof '95.100 OR & N lsts. 105
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 ' Ho :nnsol bs 83
Do 1897 10) Or short Line 65. ..104
Do 1898 10) I DoconsSs 67
Do 1899 100 ! laciric-*8 0f "97....100
Cbes A Ohio 6s 102 Ih la.V t-adniK 4s. 72
Ch*X PTr R-jtsss 3S ! Do Is'- rfd incam. 26
DCS-65S 109 y*H Grande West lsls b7
Den 4P.U Iv HO StL&lronMtGen 5s 70
Do 4s 85 St L&SF Gen 6s. 105
trie 2ds 66 St Paul Consols.... 122
>tW&iienCity lsts 48% St PC& Pals-*.. .109
UH&SA6S 101 so Carolina 4 %■»... 95
Do2d7s 95 Southern RR 65... B.
Gen Eier Debbs... 82 I Do Pac Cal lsts. 107
H * Tex Cent 65.. 102 Term new 3s 70
L-ocon6s. 102 Texas Pacific lsis. 7
lowa C«n:ral lsts.. H9 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 15%
Kansas Pa Consols 60 Union Pac lsts 96. 9SVi
hsi'* IMS i>en alvlOS l K4s res of 1. 25. IIS' 2
LaConsol4s 90 11.1 1. 4s, coupon 113%
Missouri funding... c F 4«. rrc of 1907.1U4V*
MKT2ds.. 49 Do 4«. c0up0n. .10614
Do 45.. . 78% lots M
Mobile 4 Ohio 45.. 61 I Dc 5s 100
Mutual Union 65... 107 coupon.... 10:1%
> J Cent Gen 5v..l Vs funding debt... 66
N V c<fc-t Louts 4slooy Do registered r—
Kor&West Gen 65.11f) Do deferred 6s .. 5
N Carolina con 45.. 9b Do trust rcpts st. 4
Do6s 110 iWabash lit 5s 10.5
Northwest Consols. 131 ; West Shore 4i 102
Do deb 6s 104% i
FOBKIGN MARKETS.
/ -WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, End., Sept. I.— l lie spot market
Is steady at 6s 6<§ss 7d. Cargoes dull at 275,
September-October shipment.
JTTURES.
The Produce Exchance cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 I.ed Winter: sep
ember. 5s Id; October, 6s 1%>I; November, 5s
l%d; December, 552% d; January, 6s 2y 2 d.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Em, Scot. I— Consols, 112; silver,
SO 11-16 d: French Rentes, 102f 66c.
EXCHANGE AM) BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, eight — 488
Sterling Cable* — 4 b9^i
New York Exchange, si jrht — nominal
New York Exchange, telegraphic — nominal
Fine silver, %* ounce — 683/ B
Mexican Dollars — 53%
♦
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GBAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— RuIe firm at 27s 6d,
witb a fair amount of chartering. The chartered
Wheat fleet in port has a registered tonnage of 78,
-300, against 62.300 tons on the same date last
year; disengaged, 18,540 tons, against 3900: on
the way to this port, 261,868 tons, against 374.600.
WHEAT— The Iverna takes for Cork 82,116
ctls. valued at ¥80,100; Durham, for West Hartle
pool, 9543 ctls at $9543.
The marKet Is weaker in sympathy with a de
cline at the leading centers, and business is quieter
No. 1, 95@96V*c; choice, 97% c; lower trades,
87%@9i!V2C; extra choice for milling, f I@l 07Va
# cl.
\:yV- CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
4000 ctls. »9V 2 c.
second -£ssioN— December— 2000 ctls, 99tic.
Kegulab Morning s-ession — December —
2000 ctis. 99y«c.
afternoon hi>sioN — December— 2000 ctls.
99 Vie
BARLEY— Shipment of 54,338 ctls Urcwlnc,
valued at $43,913, to England.
Local stocks Increased 2043 tons in August.
Feed is steaiH . The demand lor Brewing is less
active. We quote Feed, 6(.@63%c; choice brlcht,
6S(sti6i4c: Brewtug. 72Vs®»0c \i ctl; Chevalier,
90c@$l for .No. 1.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
2000 ctis 68V4C
Second .-ESBION— No sales.
Regulab Mobninq isKssiox— No sales.
AFTKRNOON SESSION— No saie*.
OaTc<— steady and in fair demand. Local stocks
decreased 649 ions in August. New Feed are
quotable at 75@85c ¥* <tl: old milling, S~Vi
f,92y c; fancy teed. 92%&95 c: good to choice,
85(a,92y a c: common 10 fair, 75(&80c; Gray, 85
@8?%c; Surprise. 95c@$l UlUj.
L'OKS- Very dull, with ample supplies. Local
stocks increased 31*2 tons In August. Large
Yellow, 87^@90c: Small Bound do, yO@92Mjc ft
ctl: White. 2 @76y*e-
RYE— Still Inactive at 70@72y 2 c » ctl for old
and 62y 3 (g,65c for new.
BUCK AT— Nominal at 86@95c * ctL
1 LOCK AND MIJLLSTUFFS.
LOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, *3 60@3 70 tK l.bl; Bakers' extras, $3 40
@i 3 50; superHtie $_' , :>(a A.
COHNMEAI-. I Tt_ . — Feed Corn. 919 60@'J0:
Cracked 1 orn. S-0 bit(a,~l ton.
MILLSTCFF —Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, $2 10;
Rye Flour, $2 60; Rice lour, $5 76; Cxrnmeal,
$2 10; extra creau do, 92 75: • almeal, $2 90; Oat,
• ■reals, $3 50: Hominy, $3 10@3 80; Buckwheat
Flour. $3 lU@3 30: Cracked Wheat. $J75; Fa
rina. $3 60: Whole Wheat Flour, $2 30; Rolled
Oats, $3 60: Pearl Barley, «3 60; hpllt Peas, $3 3t):
Green do, $4 10 ~$ 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Stocks of Bran and Middlings are moderate.
BRAN— sl3@l3 50 for the best ami $12@12 60
9 ion fo." outside brands.
MIDDLINGf}-sls@l6»ton for lower grades.
and $17@18 T? ton for the best.
FEELSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, 914 50: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, $21 %< ton: jobbing, 922; clipped
Oats. 97%c@?l 05 f, ctl. .
Hay— Ucceipts are falling off somewhat, and it
is just as well. .Still, to-morrow may bring an
other larde quantity. Wheat Is quotable at
97@10 9 ton: Wheat and Oat. *6@9: oat. »6«a
L 6 l!^5 nrl " y '* b(is * 7; lverß«u-ley,s4 &o@s; Alfalfa,
$5 60@tt 50 tor second ane $4 50@5 for nrst cut
tine: compressed $6@9; stock, $4©5; Clover,
t>@< 50.
&TKAW-30@40c ?! bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— AII kind; show more or less change.
The market continues very quiet. Jiayos, $I@l 16
•& ctl; Small Whites, 95c@$l 10 "$ ctl; Pea, 95c
fasl 15 ctl; Large Whites, 85@95c "# ctl; Pink.
75@S5c r ctl: Reds, $I@l 50 ** ctl; Blackeve
*1 -ib@\ 50: Red Kianey. $ir<ai 10: Limas, $1 80
to 2 05. Butters, nominal.
SHEDS— Brown Mustard. $1 50©l 76 tH ctl-
Trieste, 92 25@2 76 ft cU; Yellow Mustard, $1 50
@1 75; Flax. $1 SU: Canary. 2i/4®23 / it; » Ib: Al
lalla, nominal: Rupe, 2%c Ib: Hemp, 31/.C
DKIKD PKA>-«<1 10@l 40 * ctl for Niles and
91 25@1 50 for (ireen.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— are ample for all needs.
Sweet Potaiot-s. 76c@*l: Garnet Chiles. 60@65c
ctl: Early Rose, 2.@35c: Burbank Seedlings, 25
@35c lor Rivers and 7V.@9Oc for Salinas
OMUNS— Unchanged at 30@35c ft ; Pickles,
5' c ft ctl.
VEGETABLEB-The market is well supplied
with a 1 kinds. Marrowfat Squash, ff.H(ib\2 * ton •
Green Com, 50@75c nk: Aiameda Corn. $i@l 25
» crate; Berkeley corn is quoted at 35<£60c
t\ box: Summer Squash, 15@'.'oc for Bay: Fire
Plant, 25@40c: Tomatoes. 25ai35c for Rivers and
20@50c ior Bay: Aiameda Cucumbers, 28(535c;
Pick es, l@iyac * % for No 1 and 35@5Uc » ctl
for No. -J: o£-V L >per8 ' 25 3 »c «4 large box !or
1 hlle and 25^»35c for liell: Oret»n Peas, sOfci7sc
?. sack for common and 2@2y 2 c f* Ib for Uarden
siring Beans, 50@75c %* atti k for common ana "i<ii
2%c fi lb forgiinien: Umas, 76c@$l 25 V sack-
Green Okra, Js©4Oc 9 box: Cabbage, 40c * ctl'
Carrots, 25@30c * sack: Garlic, %@2c * lb
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— The market Is qalet and rather
weak. Live Turkeys are quotable at 14@16c "9, Ib
for Gobbler!. 18@l4c for 1 ens: young Turkeys,
15@17c; Geese, l^ pair, $@1 25; Goslings, $1 25(&
I 75; Ducks. *JKg..< 50 's* dozen for o d and $3 WnL
6 for young; liens, $4®5: Roosters, voun? .$;
(a.:> > doz: do, old, $4@4 50: Fryers, $3@S 50-
Broilers, $.->rd,:-! 50 for large and $<{ 25@2 50 for
Email; Pigeons, £1 50(ct,l 76 "% dozen for youne and
91 25@1 50 tor old. *
ti A Mi-.- Nominal.
BUTTEU, IHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The market has again advanced and
Is very firm.
. Cream KßY-Fancy, 22i^@23^c; seconds, 20®
22c f* to. "^
Dairy— Fancy, 20@21c ift lb; good to choice,
17v.@19c; lower trades, 14@lBc.
Pickled— lf@l7» ? lb.
Firkin — M@lsc Ib.
CIIKKS^K— Steady an) unchan?«d. Fancy mild
new. 9c is ft,; common to good, 6V^@S%c: Cream
Ciieddar. lC@llc: Youu:; America, 9fiiloc; West
ern, 10@llc; Kastern. ll@l3c tt>.
EGGS— The demand ha* fallen off and the mar
ket Is easier, wnh Increasing stocks. Oregon. 13@
14c: Eastern, 14511 5 c: store Kggs. 12@14c for
ordinary and 15@f7i£c lor good: ranch Eggs, 19
@23c, with some sales even higher: cold-storage
ranch, 17@18c; Duck Eggs, 16@17 9 doz.
DECIDUOUS ANO CITKUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD ITS—
Plums are higher under a good shipping demand.
Cling Peaches have advanced again. Pears rule
firm and choice Apples sell well.
Quinces, 40@50c ?i box.
Peaches, 25@65c fl box, 25@40c "9, basket. $15
@lß"E4ton for freestones and $25@36 p ton for
tlinus.
Plums. 40@75c * box.
Pometr»nu.es. $1 25@1 60 V box.
App eg, 75c@$l 25 $ box for choice and 40@60c
for common.
Pears. 20@400 « box; Bartlelts, 4C@6sc V box
andsls@l« ?1 ton.
Figs, vs,'as^c "$ box for white and «,.:®7sc for
black, double layers.
BERRIk.-— strawb' rries continue In slender re
ceipt, Lonsrworihs In particular. Huckleberries are
scarce. Blackberries are also decreasing.
Strawberries, *s@o 1* chest for Long worths and
$2 60@4 for lante oerrleg.
ftaspberries, *3@l 'f. chest.
Blackber.les. $2c414 "$ chest.
Hut kletierrie-s B^.7c »l lb.
GRAPES— Are weak, with ample supplies.
Seedless, 40&50c'i* »x: Isabellas, Ift crate: To
kays, I 0@75. '#, box; Black Grapes, 30®60c 9 bx:
Muscats, 30@60c 't box: Swtet waters and Fon
tnlneblcaux, 2.@41>c)4 box; Grapes in crates bring
SfdUOcinore than In boxes.
>C:titandc-l Wine Grapes, $20 3 ton.
:>■ I'L^ iN-^- st(.( <if an kluds are liberal Water
melons. $4@B V- 100: Cantaloupes, 26(£50c ft
crate: Nutmegs, 15@)i'5c ?> box.
CITRrs FRI T lT>— This market is dull, Oranges
are nominal ats'2@3:or Va en. ins and $1 50@2 for
Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, $1 50r<d2 %i cox
for common and $2 60@3 for good to choice; .Mex
ican Limes as Is, $3 ¥ box: repacked, $5@7; Call-,
t'oruia Limes. 75cfa.$l 50: Bananas, $I@2 c*
bunch; Pineapples, >2®3 50 %* doz.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, EIC.
DRIED FRUITS—
The market continues quiet, except Apricots,
which are firm and selling fairly. C. Roemerof
Los Gato* sent the first car of new Prunes East on
Saturday.
Quotations on the Fruit. Exchange are as fol
lows:
Carload Lots— New Apricots', 6@61.4c In swat
l>ox, 6@7c Ib f . o. b. coa-j and >-@9c for fancy
.Mciorpurks; new Prunes. 3^13 v 2 c: n« » Peaches,
31-4.C I* i-. in the sweat-box and 4@4V<sc f. o. b.
coast.
Jobbing Prices— New Peaches. 4V4@sc; fancy,
6%c; new Apricots, 6@7c; new evaporated Ap
pits, 6i/<t3stic %i rb;old j runes, 3c for four sizes:
new Figs, black. ■- 1 /i@ 3 <-' for imp ess, d »nd 3@3Vi
for pressed: white 1 i.s, SVe@4c: Plums, S^aitf-ic
for pitted and l@lv 2 c for anpltted; new Nectar
ines, 4(ssc f4 tb for prime to choice.
i'.Al>l.\s— Prices are as follow.*, carload lots, f.
O. b., Fresno: Four-crown, loose, 3S4@4c: 3-crown,
loose, 3V*c; 2-crown, 2%c %4 lb; see.ness Sultanas,
3c: seedless Muscatels, l%c; 3-crown London lay
ers. 70c if* box; clusters. $1 .-(s(ail 50; D hesa clus
ters, $2 10(9,2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 60^2 76
Jobbing pbii-ls— Four-crown, loose, ii l Ac; 3
crown, 3S/lc: 2-crown, »s/ 8 c t* tb; seedless Snl
tanas, 4c fi Jb; seedless .Muscatels, 3c; 8-crown
London layers. 76@902; clusters. $1 50@l 75:
Dehesa clnsiexs, $2 60: Imperial clusters, 2 76.
NUTS— Quo ations are as follows: Walnuts,
nominal: new Almonds, 7c "$ lb lor Lanxuedoc,
t^ lb lor hardshell and 9(&10c '?■ Ib for paper
shell, jobbing; Peanuts 4@6c V. tor Kastern an
for California; Hickory Nuts, s®iic » tt>;
Pecans, 7%@bn; Filberts, 7%(&8c; Brazil Nu.s,
7Vs2@dc %4 tt>: Cocoanuts, .-4<&5 V 100.
11UNKV— comb, 10^12Va>" tor br.ght and s@9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, s@sV2c;
light ami extracted, 4y 2 3 /ic; dark amber, 4(g>
4 Vic; aaric,v@3c Vi Ib.
BEESWAX— 2Sc V Ib.
PROVISIONS.
Moderate demand at quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon Is quotable at 6V2C
for heavy, 7V2C f» tb for light medium. 9.-29.a
for light, 10@l)c for extra Hunt and 12c for sugar
cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12,»12>£c:
California Hams, 10@llc V lb; Mess Beef, $7©
8: extra mess do, *8: family do, $10: extra
prime Pork, $B@B 50: extra clear, $13 ?» bbl:
mess. $; 1 50@12 i* bol: .-moKed Beef, 10c >> lb.
i.AKD — Eastern tierces Is quoted at 41.4 cV. to
for compound and 51,4 c lor pure; palls, be f". Jb:
California tierces, 4Vißcfor compound and 6V*c!or
pure: ha f-bbls, 5»4c; 10-11) tins, 6V4C: do 5-tt>
6i/.c ** Ib
COTIOLENK-6i B @6y a cln half-bbls and 63,1®
7y 8 9 lb in 10-tb tins. /41 *
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Advices from New YorE
and Boston report Hides and Leather very steady
there with smalt stocks. No further decline Is ex
pected. Local dealers say that 1/ it were not for
the financial agitation we would now have an j
active and higher market. Heavy salted steers
are quoted at 6c V Ib; culls and brands,
£©51/30 9 Ib: medium, 6c ft B>; culls and
brands, 4@4%c * Ib; light, 4c; culls and
branas, »®3Vic; Cowhides, 4@4Vic: culls and
brands, S@4c; suited Kip, 4c: sailed Calf. 6c Ji Ib:
salted Veal, sc; dry Hides. 9;a9V 8 c: culls and
branus, ."c; dry Kip and Veal.7tsiß*:; cull«, 6c;
dry Calf, 12(c.14c; culls, »@9 '•; Goatskins. 20@
35c each: Kids, 6c: Deerskins, good summer,
25(?27V ? c: medium, 15@ 2y 3 c; winter, 7@loc;
Slu-inkins. shearinzs. 10al5c each: short wool,
20@35ceach; medium, 40ia.a0o each : long wools,
6U(st>o each, Culls of nil kinds about la c less.
iAI.liiW- No. 1. rendered. JtykfiSei so. 2,
2i/ 4 c; refined, 4(g,5c:4 (g,5c: dri-a'-c, 2c tb.
WOOL— .no b stiiess whatever. ilumooidl and
Mendoclno are quo-able at 10,'aUlo ft lb: Val
ley Oregon. 10@llc j* lb; do lower grades, 8@10c;
Nevada, 6@B jc: San Joaquin and suuthern
Coast, six months, 4@6c; Sau Joaquin, foothill,
good to choice, ttVz@7i/3c; San Joaquii, year's
fleece. 4ra..">i..,c. norihern free, 7®9c; do defective,
6@6y-c ~$ tb.
Hups— Nominal at 2@3c Ib for 1895. N»>w
Hops are not quotable, as there Is no business re
ported in them.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 20@4 25:
San Quoin in, $4 20; Wool Bags. 24>/ 23c.2 3 c.
COAL- Wellington, $8 i» ton; New Wellington,
IS? ion: Soiithneld Wellington, $7 50 -$ ton;
i-eattle, UQB 50: Bryan., *5; 1001 Bar, $4 60;
Wallsend, *7: scotch, $7 60; Brymbb, $7 50- I
Cumberland, $13 60 ?> ton in bulk and $15 In sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Kgg. $11 ion: Welsh
.*.nthraclte, $9; Cannel. $7 60; •.ock Springs.
Castle (;»te and Pleasant Valley, $7 60: Coke
$11@12 in bulk and $13 «* ton In »k».
CANNED FltUiTS— Cherries, black or rea—
Ib extra, $2 60 V dozen: 2%-n> standards. $1 75
©2 li; seconds, $1 60. White I herr'.^i— 2Vi-lb
exira, $2 50; 2% Ib standards, $2 10. I -acbe>—
Yellow, free. $1 50: yellow, cling. 2Vj-l.> stand
ards $1 l 2b(^l »5; seconds, $1 06©l -JO. a tri
cots—Bf>c(git.l 10. Raspberries— 3 .1b standards,
$1 35@1 65. Strawberries— Standards, $1 35 mi j
; 1 65.
CANNKI) VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 80c ft
dozen. 2y a Ib tins. Peas, $l(a,l 25 V dozen.
COFFKi-:—
Costa i:ica— lH%@2ocfor good to prime: 17%@
181,4 c for wood m xt-a with black beans: 16Vi(S) :
17 l/ 4'"l /4'" for f ilr; 13(a>16c for common to oral ary
Salvador— lh@l9i/4C ior good to | rime washed;
17i. 4 (a-17 :: 4 . f< Ib tor fair washed: 19^ra>-0c for
good irasbid peaberry; lfc@l7c for superior nn-
WHsheil. 16@16V4c tor good unwash v; -03 /4
17i/*|c forgoi.U to prime unwashe.i peabsny.
'•IATiMAI.A AND MKXICAN— 2OV 2 @2lc for
prime to strictly ■ prime washed: Ih^i«al9!«4c for
good 10 strictly good washed: 17(a. 1 V 4 v tor fair
washed: l-l(n.'i. r >y 2 c for medium: 13@»14y 3 c for
ordinary; X (g;)-. ( " for inferior to coiu.tion; 20 Vi I
f>2o^4c for good to prime washed p«»Kberry; ;7^'
7V2<: for good to prime nnwnshnd reaberry. |
l-'isll— PHclflc< o<l. catch of 1896, 100-tb cases, j
4@4»4C .■ Ib: 501b bundle-,, 4c; Bune.ess, i><^by s c; <
Blocks, &@7i/(jc; Desiccated, $1 70. I'acific Hi r
rlng, 15c V "ox; Dutch <10. 90c<a$1 10 V keg;
White hish, $1 60 In half-bbls and $1 75 in kits;
Tongues ana sounds, Sl2: Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
$20: No. 2. 418 50- N<>. 3 $17: half-bb.s— No. 1.
»9@ « 50; No. -, if 8 50@9: No. 3, »8 60; kits, No.
1, $1 50: No. 2, $1 v.V. No. 3, $1.
QUICKSILVEH— Quoted for export at $34@36
fl Husk. '
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 95c;
bbls, 9tic |.er tit (manufacturers' rotes); Linseed
Oil in >>!>!*, boiled, 42c; 1)0 raw. 40c; cases. 5c
more; Lard i.ii, extra winter strained, bbls, 55c:
No. 1.45 c: cases, 5c higher; china .Nut, $4 80®
5 15 ? case.
PK I KIM. <! WOLINE. ETC.— Water-white
Coal Oi., In bulk, 11 Vie: Pearl OH, 1 1 cases. i 7y 2 c
V gal: Astral, do. 17J. 2 e V >al: Siar, do, 171/4,0:
Extra Star Oil, in chslm, 21 Vie; Elaluc, do, i2i,Ajc;
Eocene, do. 18y a c; Deodnnzed Store Gasoiine, in
bulk, !3»-; do. in cnse«. 19c: 63" Deodorized
Naphtha, in bulk, lie: 1 3° do In cases. 17^Ci 86°
Haw in bulk, 20c; 86" do, in cases, 2&c sal.
WUITE LEAD-Quoted at 6%c * lb.
RED ;.l- a H-Quo;ab Sat 6y 2 c V lb.
TriirKM'l Nl-. -In rases. 4ic; in iron barrels,
36c; In wooden barrels, 38c t* gal.
CA NDLKS -Kiectric Light— 6's, 16 oz, 73/ 4 c; do,
14 07.. 7c: do, 12 oz. 6V4C: do, 10 or.. SVaC: Oran
ite— 16 oz. 01,4 c; do. 14 oz. by a c; Jo, 12 oz,
734 c: iio, 10 oz. 7c V lb.
- LKATHKK— siiuws steadier Indications. Extra
'leavy Sole. 26@28c; he.vy Sole, 27c for No. 1 and
-"n • r' Ib for .So. _•; medium Sole, 24@'.!6c for No. 1
and 22c for No. 2. Light t-ole, i(]fs*S4c for No. 1
him 20@22c %i lb for - o. 2; Harness, heavy, 30@
Sac; do. medium, 28c:. 'I", licht, 24@2&c; Ruuu-li
L atner. 18@20c. Kips. $40@50 doz: Calf, 70®
9Dc: Kouith Splits. 4(5.5c.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash:* Cub- and Crushed. 5%c;
Powdered, 6%c: Fine Crushed. 5y 8 c; Dry (.wauu
lated. 4s4e; Confectioners' A, 4*ac: .magnolia A,
4^»c; Kx raC,4V4c: liOidenC, 41-8°: halt barrels,
y*c more than barrels, and boxes Vise more. '
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
All kinds are unchanged. Wholesale rates for
dressed stock from slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 4y s r<£3c: second do. 4©
•%c: third do. 3M«c ~t Ib
VKAL— l.ar-.-, 4£)sc; small, !i@6c fi lb
MUTTON— Wethers, 4Va®sc; Ewes, 4@4V4e
ip It).
LAMB-o@6clitb. -
PORK— Live • 4.ogs. 2^40 ?t lb for large and 3c
tor small and medium ; dressed do, 4 Va^Sc %i Jb. .
WOOD, I.I'MBKK, KIC.
Posts. 9@loc each; Redwood, $5 » cord; Oak,
rough, $v 50; peeled, $9; Pine, $6 76.
TAXBARK-814 9 cord.
Ll'MßEi:— Retail pries for Pine are: No. 1
rouch. *12@17 50 for tho iffereut lengths: No. 2,
?11: Xo. 1 Flooring, BV.'l@2u: Lath, C 2: Redwood.
*16 for .No. 1 aud $13 for No. 2: Rustic, $18@J3;
ohinyles, common, $1 50: Shakes, $9 H sL
KECEIPTS OF PRODUCK.
FOR 24 HOfRS.
Flour, qr sits.... 18,007 Cheese, ctls 42
" heat, ctls 6.1,212 Kjrtfs doz 6.1&0
Barley.ctls 11,46 ii Hides, no 590
Oats, ctis 605! Pelts, bdis *>1O
Beuns. sks 222 Wine, gala 56,900
Jjv-e. ,-tls 660 ! Leather, r0115... 42
Potatoes, sks... . 4,f.40 Wool, bis 171
onions, s s r>2'. Sugar, bbls 2,655
Bran, sks Qnuksiiver.flsks 118
■^idUlings, sks... 200 I allow, ctls 16
Hay, tons 317, Lime, bbls 120
Butter, ctls 901 Lumber, M feet. 60
Straw, tons... . 20 1
THE STOCK MARKET.
Challenge was stronger again yesterday, rising to
70 cents, and Confidence went up to $1 70. The
other stocks showed no change worthy of note.
Ihe whole line, with one or two exceptions,
was higher at the close.
Gould 4 Curry is assessed 15 cents.
The official report from the Occidental Consoli
dated mine for the past week states that on the
760 level the winze started In tb» north drift is
down 82 feet; advanced during the week 20 feet;
bottom in quartz and porphyry showing some
value. Have started a crosscut to the east from
the bottom of the winze. The mill of the company
will start to-day fora run on ore accumulated at
the mine.
The following local bonds were quoted ex-coupon
yesterday: Ferries and Cliff House Railway,
semi-annual, $3; Market-street Railway (Ist
consolidated mortgage), semi-annual $2 50:
Powell-street Railway, semi-annual, $3; Spring
Valley Water (6s), semi-annual, $3; Stockton Gas
and Electric Light, semi-annual. $3.
N. Westhelmer, president of the Bodie Consoli
dated, has re:urned to this City from a visit to
Bodie district; and reports a most satisfactory
state of affairs as regards the Standard. Bodie,
Bulwer and the other leading mines. In the Bodle '
Consolidated und Bulwer new 'bodies of good ore
have been found, ana all the leading properties are
not only self-sustaining, but are earning money.
The sales on regular call at the -an Francisco
stock Bonn! for the first eUht months of the year
were 2,820,890 shares, against 1,924,276 shares !
during the same period in 1895.
In the Mexican mine west crosscut 1 from the
north drift from the Ophir shaft 23 feet north
from the Mexican south line is in 698 feet, pass
ing through diorlte or west country rock. Work
has been stopped and a north drift will be started
at a point 350 feet in from tbe mouth of the cross
cut.
In the Potoal mine (Comstock workings) the
west crosscut from the north drift from the top of
the 4^o level raise is out 1 18 feet. The face is all
Inauurtzof low assay value. The west crosscut
from the south drift on the same level is out 60
feet, having been driven 20 feet during the week.
The face Is in low grade quartz of about the same
chandler as exposed in the face of crosscut 1. On
the 650 level the south drift has been advanced 20
feet In heavy ground, chiefly clay. Work at this
point has been discontinued.
in the Hale 4 Norcross mine (Comstock work-
Ings) the north drift on the 900 level is in 222 feet.
'1 he face is in porphyry and stringers of quartz.
Upraise I— Have been working north on ttie sec
ond floor; also raised one set for the third floor.
The general appearance of the or.- streak Is un
changed. Upraise — Have been work! g south on
the second floor; alsosta ted 10 raise for the third
floor. The ore streak is very small In the top of
the raise. Have been repairing the north drift on
the 100 level, and the same is completed 164 feet
in old fillings of low value. Extracted from 900
level during the week three carloads of ore, assay-
Ing per mine car 3am p $39 26 in gold and 36
ounces of silver per ton.
Bbh.vswick lode- Con. Cal. «fc Va., Best 4 Be'.
cher and Uuuld 4 Curry — shaft 2— This shaft was
sunk 15 feet on the mc. Ine: total depth 345 feet:
bottom in hard porphyry. 150 level— The main
south drift, started from east crosscut 1, was ex
tended 9 feet; total length of drift 145 feet; face
In porphyry and springers of quartz. Gould &
Curry tunnel— Have been repairing the main tun
nel during the week.
savage (Brunswick lode)— Shaft 1, 300 level—
The joint north drift has been advanced 2 feet,
making its total length from the shaft station 252
feet; i»ce In soft porphyry. The drift has reached
the south boundary line and It hat been timbered
vi" to the line.
chollar (Brunswick lode)— Shaft 1 has been
Hunk 15 feet on the Incline: total length
597 feet. We have started to raise on
1 n the chutes preparatory to opening the 00 level
station. i:00 level— Ihe south drift has been ad
vanced 35 feet during the week and Is now out 306
feet from north line; the face is in porphyry fo-iow-
Ing the 100. wall. 300 level— The south drift has
been advanced 39 feet, and Is out 102 feet; the
face is in soft porphyry. Ihe chute in the raise
having been completed work has been discon
tinued, out can be resumed at any time without
Interfering with tbe work In the south lateral
drift.
li alk 4 Nokcboss— Shaft 1 has reached a depth
of 597 feet, parsing through porphyry and quartz.
On the 16th ins:, com me iced cutting out for a sta
tion and chute at the 400 level. 300 level— Started
No. 1 east croiscut from the nonh drift, 100 feet,
from Incline, on the 20th lust, and extended the
same 22 feet and stopped; face In porphyry. No.
2 east crosscut, which was starte.l from - north
drift 0.1 same date, as No. • at a point 190 feet from
Incline, is now in 60 feet: face in porphyry. Are
continuing this crosscut. The ground is more
favorable than in no. 1.
. AK*«SSinenTS lending,
Following Is a list of assessments now pending: «
COMPAKT.
DellDqt
No. Ami. in the Sal* Day.
Board.
Hali- it Norcross 109:
.'on Imperial 37
Confidence 27
Vlph&Cou 17
Belcher 63
-ierni Nevada. 11
Bu.lion 481
.■"rown l'olnt 68)
Jnion 63
iould ifc Curry
15 . wig B. Sept 4
01 Aug Vi4.Sept 22
30 au,- 30 .Sept '24
10S«.pt 3.Bept '21
Sept 6 .Oct. 'Ib
25 Sept 7 .Oct 25
10 Sept 14 .Oct 8
20Septl8 .Oct. IS
•jo sept 26 .oct 'ii
lMOet 1 »....
BOAKD SALKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday :
RKliri.Aß MORNING SKSSIOK, COM MENTIXO 9:30.
700 81C0er....29 40U C P0int... 32 200 ODlftr... 96
100 Challne...sl 400 Kxcnqr.. .04 -'o<> ' »rmn.,..17
100CC4V...1.80|-'SO H4N...1.45 Mo Bay 67
460 Conn... 1.6l»l3'.IO Justice. .o7 SUO Umou 86
lUOU con 1m..03'.'00 Occld 52'80J YJao*«i..39
AFTKRNOON SKSSION— 2 :30.
200 Alta i:y:00Con 1m...03 1000vnnn....17
6UO Belcher. .2s) <0«i louii . ..1.6b 3IJ JPotosi 95
I 500 Su 100 1.70.100 «4
; 700 Bulwer.... 40 .'OO Crwn Pt.. 3^200 Savait 69
1(JO Chalice... 65 300 <j AC 5:. 100 S 8AM. ..12
300 6* 100 H4N...1.46 JOU s NeT....46
400 6^4ooL>ccidtl....s 100 Union ...37
| 50 70 50 Oph.r 9-1100 36
400Ch11r....2.20 60 «811200 V Jacki.4o
Followinc were tbe sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
BFOI'LAR SBRSION— 10:30.
I 700 A1pha.. ..07 550 Chllar.. .2.10200 Occd 64
100 06 100 ..2y 8 400 55
I 400Alta lv; 2UO ..2.10500 66
! 200 Andes.. M 150 CCV....1.H1.60U Overman. l 6
600 lilchr 2H6',0 Conti....i 350 P0t051....»3
800 2&200 «1.62^40U Savij 67
400 30 400 1. 700 56
j 3JU j*ll,;.u?". -'00 > C Imp ..03 600 ss c .irr.ion..o6
' 10il 1.n11i0n...K 500 Exchqr....u4 800 58.tJ1....1l
300 Caled li 400 t*4c -. 54800.-SNV 45
•-'(>.) Cfaallge...6!)7OO H*.M.47Vs SOO S Hill 02
700 65 1200 1.454UJ Uut0n.....36
30U 6L 3UO Keutck....Uti.3UU Ut»n 08
200 61 4jO Max 6411 V jc*i...4O
600 C Polnt_..3. 400 Ophlr 97 300 39
650 Si
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:3O. .
200 Alpha 07 200 conn ...1.65 vOJ Ophlr 96
200 ....08100 1.7040U 0vrmn....17
400 Alt* IV! 100 1.72 V 2V 2 P0.0.i 93
•JOO Andes. .....Hl 2110 ...1 3 /i 100 ...........9*
80 * 8e1cner....3 10J Ch0ir.. .2.. u! 300 bay.. 69
600 31 150 _S. 171/4, 400 60
200 32 300:.;.;...'. .214 400 Scorplon..o6
300 11 <fc1i....1.l 2JOO C 1mp. ..() mill 584 M....11
bOO 1.071/2IIOOJ C Point. .«3. SO 1 12
100 ..60i500 « 4 C... 64:400 5NT......44
100 8u1wer.. ..4'. -4 00 .')3JOO 45
300 Caleda. ..IHI.OO H«fcN.. IW.J2OOH Hill. .02
30 J Chain*. 300 ...... 1.471/2 300 Unioa V....36
400 bTitJOJ I.o'Ji/o UDO Utuh 08
300 6030J Mxcn 6^300 V Jac<t»l..4O
101) CCV....1.80 100 M0n0.... .21 400 41
200.......1.82i&3000cc-i......65 600 42
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESU.v V. Sept. 1-4 p. k.
JtM.A**cO.\ ' /iirLAn/eed.
AlpTm Con. ... 07 ÜbJnckson. 25 . —
Alt*. 12 UJolla.. .. — 08
Andes. 31 Justice. 07 08
he'.chnr 31 S2|Keutuclc. .. . 05 16
Best * Belcher 1.06 1. 10 lady Wash — .' 14
Bentoo Con.. . — 20 Mexican....... 57 68
Hodie 69 70 Mono 20 22
Bullion 19 10 Nevada Queen. 03 —
Bulwer. 41 43Occi.leiusil. ... 56 57
Caledonia..... 15 16!0phir ...... ... 98 1.00
Chollar... 2.25 2 uvermau 17 18
Con.Cal*Va,..lßo I'otost. 9B 97
Chullc nao Con. b'B 6fi savage 69 61
Con. Imperial. 02 Scorpion — 06
Confidence.... 1.70 1.75 Ses. Belcher... 12 16
Con New York 04 - Syndicate — 04
Crown Point... 34 35 silver Hi 11.... 01 03
hu.MSierra Nev — sierra Nevada 46 47
Kureka Con ... 25 — Union Con 36 37
Kxcheauer.... 03 "04 Utah 07 08
i.uuia A curry. 54 , 55 Yellow Jacltet. 41 42
HkU&.Norcra.l.6o 1.65
GOLD aiIMNO KXCIIWrn-:
Champion 1 Asked Princess 70
Bid 18 00 Providence
Asked ...25 00 Bid 60 00
Edna .......... .>Bked 76 00
Asked. 85 100 Savannah.. ...„• 48
Uranu 200 bebasiopol , 30
Bid 26 100 31
A5ked............... 200 .................. 32
■ Keystone - Thorpe
Bid 6600 Asked ..- 85
Kennedy ■• I Bid Chollar 2 05
A5ked.... ........... 10 00 100 Hale & Norcrs. 1 4&
100 Lockvfood Con.. -"7 100 Con Virginia... 185
200 iOO Bod.c 66
100 2t>
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUEBIJAY. Sept.l-2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONOS.
Bi*. Asked. Bid. Asked.
US 45c0up..105%106 USUre*-... — 107%
Do new Issuell2>4 — |
MIBCEI.I.ANKOtr-! rovrn.
Cal-MCbles». - 111 racßoll ' Sl9\ _ _
Cal Elec L 117 - Do 2d it 6*. _ -
|CntraCWss — . 94 |p*oßv6s. — 315
I r>pnt-stex-c» 8» 97 V.- I'Aeii Ky Si. — 1071.^
■tiV?ih*^? sllT - I'wl-stKRBv - 116%
I-&CHKK6S. - 103 Keno, WIxSL - 105
j Oeary-stßss. _ 1071^ l^acto PAL. — 1021*
1 losAn«jL6s. - 100 Isk&Nl'RSs. 95 97%
I ljooi<'eed«i _ 95 SPRKArtsBa - 97%
I Wkt-stCble6s - 120 BPRRCaI«a. - 310..:
! DoßyConss..looy 4 102 SPRHCai ss. - _
t>atyinbsl»t 93 — SPBrßCalfl* - 99y±
I NevCNi:K7s. 85 — SVWaterßs. 11514 —
S^ 0 ,?? 1 !*- 100 ~ 6VW«SrS-R 96% -
- luo StktnU&Etfj - 100y*
&By Cal ss. — 100 |SunstT4T6j _ —
OnkOas os.lOJ - Suuer-stltsAlo6 —
lo2d is OS..1011&105 ViaallaWCw - —
Oiiiiilbua 04 116% — I
\\ATKR STOCKS
Contra Costa — 40 iSanJose _ _
liarinCo.... 50 63 |S| rm; Valley $5 95Vi
f a - 6TO<Ks.
Capital 17% 30 (Pacific Llzht — 491/4
Central 95 . — Sau Francsco K9S/» 89sa
OakOLAU - 6iy 4 >iiocj«on..... ~^ 9 So /4
t ac Uasiiap. 81 y2y 2 83 ,
unoaaei "TOCKS.
Flreman'sFdls7%l66 |Snn ,25 60
COMMKRCIAL BANK STfVJTt.
AmerBATC — — iLondonPAA — '-;
Anclo-Cal — 58 LondonJkaB 1 . _ 27M>
Bank of Cat.. — 234 jMerch Ex... 12 —
Cat r rColo7J-/oliO {Nevada.... — — . •
iirslJNa.ioul. — lbO jSaiuer H Co. -> —<~
SAVINII OA\K STOCKS-
O»rS4I/0.125t" 1260 is.iv & Loan.. _ io«
HumbS&L.lloo 1450 Security — 275
Mutual — 40 Unlou Trust. 750 —
bJb&av Union — 480
hTBKBT H»II,!!(mi«Tn"Kl
California.... 105 — OakSL*£lay — 100
Geary-st. — '80 Presidio 8. —
Market-si 41 — Sutter-st — — \
POWDER STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — iGiantCon..., 16^4 —
Eastern D... 70 — Judson it..,, — - —
Calltornia.... 70 — IVlgorit. — 1
MJSOKT.LANKOrS STOCKS. ■
Alaska Pfcrs. 89y a — KatVlnCo.. — —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo — 20
Col Cot Mills — — P«c Aux V A 1 — ■-'■
Edison LlghtllS 116 PacßoraxCa 98 100
Gat Con Assn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
GerLeadCo. 80 100 Part PainlCO 6% 7%
HawC&SCa. 14% 16 PacTr.nsCo. — 24
xiutchSl'Co 1>?44 19 PacT&TCO. 70 80
MerKxAssn.loo 110 Sunset TAT. 41 -
II Elec Light — 4% United (J (Jo. — 25
BALKS — KllK.w ■■ i MtlllJ.i.
Board—
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 19 37%
97 Edison Llcht& Power Co 114 00
60 Oakland Gas 51 00
40 Pac Gas Imp 82 00
16 a V Water 95 00
HALK3- AITEKNIKJNT bB&SIOX.
Pourd—
20 Edison Light A Power Co. 114 60
20 do do 114 62%
10 do do ; 114 75
10 do do 115 00
60 Hutchinson 8 P Co 19 00
100 SFGaslient 89 50
25 S V Water 86 60
Street—
f 10,000 Omnibus Cable Bonds 116 35
THE CALL CALENDAR.
September, 1896.
iv. Mo. Tu. W. Th. Fr.jSa. Moon's Phases
1 2 S 4 6 fftk New Moon.
\3) B«pt. 7.
7 8 9 10 11 12 !^)Firg: Qu.ner
Sept 13.
13 14 15 16 17 18 |19 ~ Full Moon.
VSL/ Sept. 21.
20 21 22 23 24 25 26
/f*\.Laat Quarter.
2 7 ~~ ~~~ "~~ sept. i! 9.
27 28 29 SO I P
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure From San Francisco.
STKAMKK | DKSTIN'ATIOV. ]
SAILS.
PIKR.
Empire ] Urecon ports . | Sept 2.12 m Pierli
Mnta Rosa , San Diego ... Sept 2.11 am Pier 11
Pomona Hnmboldtßay fiept if, Vru Pier <
Rio Janeiro. China & Japan Bt-pt 3, 3pm pii a 3
Arago. I Coos Bay : sept 4.10 am i Her 13
Faralloa.... |Yaquiua Bay. Sept 4. 9am | Her i
Coos 8ay.... Newport Sept 4. Cam Pier U
We«H>tt tel Kiver .-ept 4. 6pn Pier 1J
Columbia... Portland Sept 6,lUam j I'ier Ji
Knnol Grays Harbor Sept 6.12 v Plora
Arcata Oregon ports .. Sept 5,10 am Ple'24
Walla\Va:!a Vie & Pgt Sna Sept a »AMiPier9
Corona San D1e50..... Sept G.Ham Pier U
A Blanchara ! Oregon ports.. Sent 7. 6pm Pier 13
Trnctcee ....Loos Bay Sepi. 8,12 m Pier 8
Colon Panama..'.... Sept 8.12 M PUSS
Eureka Newport Sept 8. Dam Pierll
StateotCal. 1 Por.land ; SeptlO.lUAM Pier 2 1
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
STKAICER
From
DDK
ArcHta Portland Sept 2
Karallon Yaqutna Bay Sept 2
Coos Bay Newport Sepi a
Walla Walla... Vtcioria <& Puget Sound ..Sept 2
Colon Panama ..Sept '£
Ara«o Coo -t Bay Sept 2
Weeott Eel River Sept 3
Corona >an Dlega Sent 4
Ailceßltnchard Oregon ports Sept 4
Pomona Hum bold: Bay Sept 5
North For* Humboldi Bay Sept 5
Eureka. Newport. «ept 6
Peter Jebsen... Nanaimo Sept 6
San Benlto Tacoma Sept tf
StateofCal Portland Sept 7
Umatilla. I Vlc.orla <ft Puget Sound ..Sept 7
Crescent City... i Crescent City Sept 7
Newport !Fan<mi Sept 8
Sam* Kosa San Dlejo „ Sept 8
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
U. S. Coast and c;eodktic SubvetTide)
Bulletin I'irliihed bt Officiai, >
acthoritv of the superintendent. j
Wednesday, September 2.
Bun rises 5.41 1 Moon rises o.ooam
Sunsets 6.37 j Moon sets
September— l 996.
I Tlme| Feet JTline| tilL^ Feet H^| Feat
? 1, W] H * |L W n W\
2 03 0 ".-if)
5 2.24 0.1 9.59
4 JJ.I2 —01 10.*7
6 9.54 —0.2 10 55
6 4.82 —0.1 11.20
7 5.11 0.1 11.47
8 555 0.5 12.18
4.1 12.44 iU> tTsii 575
4.4 2.00 3.5 8.00 6.7
4.7 3.00 3.2 9.00 6.9
5 2 351 2.6 9.55 6.0
5.4 ! 4.40 2.0 10.48 6.0
5.5 6.28 1.5 11.4U 5.8
5.7 6.16 1.0
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left band
column, and the successive tides of the day in tbe
or.ier of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
band column gives the last tide of tbe day, except
when there ar • but three tides, as sometimes
vecurx. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a mlnas sign (— ) precedes tbe
heigh:, and then the number given Is subtractive
from the denth ci yen hv ■ he i*h im.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch HvnßooßAMiic Office, T7. S. N., ")
Mbrchasts' Eichaxgb >-
San Franvisco. September 1, 1896- )
The time ball on 'lelegraDb Hill was droppei
exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. FECIITELEB.
Lleutenan' U. s. N. in chame.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
TUESDAY, September 1.
Btmr Jennie, Esser. 9 dnys 7 hours from Cooks
Inlet; 170 bbls salt salmon, to Alaska Packers'
Asnoclat on.
Stmr Pomona. Doran. 16 hours from Eureka;
pass snd mdse. to Roo«lall, Perkins Jt Co.
Stmr Mackinaw. Llttlefleld, 85 hrs frm Tacoma;
3500 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland direct.
simr Cleone, Johnson, 171^ hours from Hardy
Creek: ImrK. to Bp der Bros.
Stmr Laguna, Peterson, '-4 hours from Needle
Rock: i^ark, to i'oliard & Dods;e.
Br ship (ilendoon, CaHa-tmn. 174 days from
Swansea: '058 tons coal and 106 tons coke, to F
Lloyd Jone*.
schr Laura Pikr\ Johnson, 96 hours from Hum-
Ikil.ii: lumlier. to Chas Nelson.
Schr Pioneer, Mlkkelsen. lv days from San
Pedro: i.ai.a t, to Simpson Lumber Co.
schr Sacramento. Uoodmansen, -j. days from
Neeale Hoc:;; bark, to a W Beadle & Co.
Schr Mary Etta, Zaddart, 24 nour* from Fists
Mil : 75 eds woixl. to Bender Bros.
schrS Dnnlelson, Vo:el, 48 hours from TJsal 1
100 cords bark, to Beadle 4 Co.
Cle»«r«d.
TV ESDAY. Septemrer 1.
Btmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego- Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr btrathgarry, White, 8t Vincent; Q\V
McXear.
BrshpAlmora. Thompson, Queenstown; U W
WcNear.
Bark Theobald. S« an. Cooks Inlet; North Pacific
Milling »nd Tra-ispotallon Co
Bri= Galilee. iJiusmore. Tahiti; M Turner
Sailed.
TUESDAY. September 1.
Stmr City or Puebla. Debney, Victoria and Port
Townseml.
Stmr Caspar. Anfindsen, Caspar.
StmrTruckee. Thomas, Coos Bay.
Stiur Alcatraz, Wa.vi,-
HUarGtparr, l.eiamt. Sania Orui
Htmr Newsboy, Fosen. Tlllamook Bar.
Stmr Whitesooro. Johnson.
Stmr Alb. on. Lun 'quist.
Br s:ilp st Miinpo. Hamilton. Queenstown.
Brshlp Inverna. To I, Queenstown.
Bktn Uncle Jou. Murcluson, Eureka.
Schr Annie Larsen. Whlto. oo C o».
Scnr Etta B, Bourne. For:. Koss.
1el» graphic.
POINT LOBOS. Sept. l-io p. m.— Weather
'oggy. wind S\V; velocity B miles.
Charters. •
The bark Kosclusko loads lumber at Victo
ria for A el a el.-. .rungfflJtllUUJ
Wheat charters prior to arrival are: Br bark
Invermrry. Europe; Br ship Ross-shire, Europe
2bs 3d— ls 3d less direct. . .
The ocr ship Peru U chartered for wheat to
Europe, 87s 6d-l s 3d less direct.
The Brshlp Nellie Troop loads lumber on the
Suuud for Buenos Ayrei, 455.
> poki-n.
June 17 — Br stmr Urumlanrlff, from Table Bay
lor Vancouver.
Pnr sinir Jennie— Aug 30-Lat 42 03 N. long 125
14 W, sctir James Spiers, from Fort Blakeley, for
san Francisco.
Domestic Ports.
MENDOCINO- Arrived Sept I— Stmr Point
Arena, hence Aug 31; schr Bobolink, hence Aug
27
USAL— Sailed Sept I— Stmr Westoort, for San
Frani i ;co.
COOS BAY— Sailed Sept I— Scar Orient, for San
Francisco.
Arrive 1 Sept I— schr Gem. hence Aug 22.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Sept I— Stinr National
City, from Coos Bay.
FORT BHAGO- Arrived Sept I— Stmr Green
wood, hence Aus 31.
WEST PORT— Arrived Sept. I— Btmr Protection,
hence A.ig 31. ,
COOKS INLET— Sailed Aug 23-Bark Prussia,
for San Francisco.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Sept I— U 8 stmr
Benninjiou. hence Aug 28.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Sept Schr J D
Tallant, hence Aug 9; bark Kate Davenport, hnce
An/ 16; ichr Meteor, from San Pedro.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 1— ->tuir San Bentto.
hence Au« 29. to sail Sept 2.
POINT ARENA— Arrived Sept I— Schr Bender
Bio«, hence Aug "J9.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 1— Arcata, from
Portland: stmr Farullon, from Yaqniuu Bay. schr
Occidental, hence" Aug J4; Au; 31— Stmr Navarro
from Crescent City.
Balled septl — itmr Farallon, for San Francisco:
stmr Navarro. for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Ariived Aug SO— Schr Alice, fm
Eureka.
a Arrived Sept I— Br Dark Sussex, fm
Shanghai.
>niie.i sept I— stmr Alice Blanchard, for San
i rnuciito.
Eastern Ports.
NF\v YORK—Arrlved Aug 31— Stmr Finance,
from Colon.
Sailed AugSl-Strnr Advance, for Colon.
PHILADELPHIA - Arrived Aug 31-Bars:
O.ympic, from Junin.
Foreign Ports.
HULL— Arrived Aus 30— Br ship Pass of Bal
niaha, from Tacoma; Brshlp Thistle, hence May
LIVERPOOL-Arrlved Aug 80-Br ship Fannie
Kerr, hence April 22.
>INGAPORK-Saiied Aug 28-Br bark Glen
cona.
DKI'ARTURE BAY- Arrived Aug 31-Stmr
Excelsior, hence Aug 26.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 1-stmr Mohawk,
from London.
Hailed st-pt I— stmr Aurania. for Liverpool : stm
Latin, for Bremen.
BOULOGNE— Arrived out Sept I— Stmr Mas*
dam.
MOVlLLE— Arrived out Hept 1-Stmr State of
Nebraska.
sITLLY I=SLANDS-Passed Sept l-Btmr Spree
from New York, for Southampton and Bremen.
BROW HEAD— Passed Sept I— Stmr Majestic,
from New York, for Queenstown.
Imporla ions.
EUREKA— Per Pomona-47 pkgs mdse, 41 rolls
leather. 2 bxs pears, U pkgs electrical goods. 2 dxh
tierrles, 128 head cattle. 8 pkgs ezpi ess. 1 sk coin,
23 doors, 4 crts sash, ii bbls mineral water, 455 21
nhinuies. 92 bxs 'i qr-kogs 9 kegs butter.
E X and E X R— l bx fish, 214Vs bxs butter, *
pkgs mdse.
Junction— l 93 sks oats.
Consignees.
Per Pomona— A C Nichols A Co: A Levy A Co:
Brigham, HoppeA Co; Baker & Hamilton: Chas
Black: ACrockerdS; Bros; Dairymen's Union: C A
Stsuart; Dodge, a wee ney <ftCo; Chas Nelson: D W
Inaersoll: FB Halght: Hills Bros: Humboldt Min
eral Water Co: Hioernla Brewery; J W Klein; .) H
Krouse; J Inguglla: L C Easton: Overland Freight
and Transfer Co: Standard Oil Co: F H Hammer:
United States Brewer . W a McNamara; H M
Devoy: Wells, Fargo & Co; American Union Fish
< o: C E Whitney & Co: Farmers XXX Med.cine
Co: Getz Bros & Co: Geoßeed: W it zel <t Baker;
Wheaton, Brtonifcco; H Dutard; H E Jewett;
Norton, Teller & Co.
For Latt. Shipping Intelligence See Fifteenth Page.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAXY
STE.4MERB WILL SAIL FROM A-a
O Broadway wharf, San Francisco, m TirWT
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Junean, Kll-
lisnoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. M.. Sept. 11,26.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
NewW atcom (Bellinaham Bay, Wash.), 9a. it
Sept. 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, 26, anil every fifth day there
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C P. R.
R., atTa'Oma with N. P. R. X., at Seattle with G.
N. By., at Port Towuseud with Alaska steamers.
For lureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bay) sir. Pomona 2 p. I*., Sept. 2, 6, 10, 14,
18. 22, 16. 30. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San 1 vis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, san Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Sept. 4, 8, 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
?eles, Redoudo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M. Sept. 2, 6, 10, 14, 18. 22, 26, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter.
, For Knse'.ada. San Jose del Cabo. Mazallan, La
Paz and Quay in as (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. m. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents,
. 10 Market St., San Francisco.
ASTORIA iFPOBTLANR
$6 Second Class, $12 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTH INCLUDED.
Columbia sails Aug. 16, 28, Sept. 5, 15, 21
Bi*t« of California 5ai15.. ...... ......... ' '
• Aug. 21, 31, Septl'ibVafo, 30
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. it
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Genl. Supts.
*. If. CONAOR, General Agent.
630 Market street,
OCEANIC S.S. CO. 6% DAYS TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, L«* HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, W\ mr
AUSTRALIA. \Jfs.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. ALAMKDA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, September
17. at 2 p. it.
a S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. September 22. at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
Line to COOLGARDIE, AusU, and CAPETOWN
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS * BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRMSATLOTIQUB
French Li.n<* to Havr«*.
/COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH J&fpl
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■eftjjKa*
this line avoid both transit by English railway ana
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New Yors to Alexandria, Egypt via Part*
lira t-ci ass 9160: second-class, 9110.
LA BOURGOGNE Sept. 6, 9 a. it.
LA M'ltM ' i>iß Sept. 12, 6A. 1C
LA TOURAINE Sept. 19, V a. it
LA (iASCUIiNE Sept. 26, 3 a. M.
LA BRETAGNE OcL 3,7 a.m.
MS" for further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent,
No. 8, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FTJGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
■venue, San Francisco.
WHITE STAR LINE.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
BKTWXK2C
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILIN«» KVKKII "WKKK.
nABIN,|BO AND UPWARD, ACCORD- £fl%m.
\J me to steamer and accommodations «m9I
! select ; second cabin, $ - o and si. 0; Maji-.-n.ia
I an I Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
lint; dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVEHY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER,
General Agen' tor Pacific Coast.
! ROYAL MAIL STEAffI_PAORET COMPANY.
: STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL ,<«*•»_
O fortnightly for the West Indies and ■ V3 - S \j&
Southampton, ■ calling en route at Cerbourgu,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ore to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; third
class, $97 50- For further particulars apply to
PARROTT & CO., Agents.
Son f'n.l'fnrnlant.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At ii JP. M, Daily. iTn 'n, received up
to :.{ «'. M. X
MS" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
iwe only line nia..iiiiji through rales on Valley
Koad freight.
STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters.
Mary iiarratt, City of Stockton.
'leiephone Main 805. Cat. I\av. and Impu CO
U.S. SAYY YARD. MARE ISL iSD, YALLEJO,
*Bcnifia, "F«rl ('osi». •i-r«etrti and *\a!ou».
STK. BIONTICELLO,
Dally 10:30 a. m . 4:00 p. m (Saturdays **li:33
A. it.), S:3O p. St. Sundays Bp. m. oni-.-. offices
and landing. Pier 2, Mission st. Telephone BlacK
261. HATCH BKOsi.
• 4 and 8 p. v. trips on!y.
*» Excursion trip, Olves 5 hours at Navy-yard.
.
FOR SA.\ JO. E. IOS (JA i OS & SASTA CRUZ
STEAMER ALVISO LKAVK> PIEK 1 DAILT
at 10 a. m. (Sundays excrpted); Alvlso daily at
7p. ii. ((Saturdays ejceepted). Freight and Pas-
•enter, are between san Francisco and Alviso,
60c; to San Jose, 76c clay st., Pier 1. 20 \RInteresting News Items From Alameda County.
MRS. STOCKER
ON HER DIGNITY.
She Refused to Take Orders
From Imported
Suffragists.
ALAMEDA COUNTY WAR.
Women Spend Four Hours in
Efforts to Defeat the
Move.
ALL THE PEOXLES EEFTJSED.
A State Slate Pat Through Without
Opposition When Defeat Is
Realized.
Oakland Ojticx Sas Fraxcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 1. j
The generalship and tactics displayed at
the annual meeting of the Alameda
County Politic** Equality Society
afternoon would have done credit to the
oldest and most experienced wire-pulling
lan. The officers and delegates
EDeru four solid hours scheming and talk
ing for the purpose of getting control of
the county organization.
The local society was organized ia July,
1595, with Mrs. Alice Stocker of Sunol as
president, and a full quota of subordinate
officers, all intent on helping in the effort
to secure the ballot for women. Matters
went along nicely, but when the Eastern
contingent of National officers, lecturers
and organizers came to the coast they
brought with them the methods of work
used in their home States and proceeded
to abolish all local plans and substitute
their own.
When they came to Alameda County
there was a conflict of authority and it all
ended by the county society refusing to
have anything whatever to do with the
convention held in the Exposition baild
ing in this city. Further, they refused
ther»aiter tc acknowledze any authority
of the State and National organizations,
but wen; so far as to name an executive
committee, which they said was to be the
court of last appeal in county matters.
Tnere were those, however, who felt it
was not exactly right to ignore those who
nad spent a lifetime in the work. This
g^ve rise to two factions, which were
termed the "State" and "county" parties,
cesignatmg those who stood by the old
line workers and those who believed that
there should be no interference in local
work, respectively.
As the time for the annual meeting drew
near there was considerable interest" as to
what should be done regarding the selec
tion of officers. The "county" party waa
entirely satisfied with Mrs.^Stacker's ad
oration, and desired to have all the
officers re-elected. The opposition had
grown strong in this City, however, where
there were many clubs", and they could
not be counted upon as supporters of Mrs.
Stocker, although it Is claimed by her
friends that they never hinted they would
defeat her.
The "county" party went to work with
a will, and have organized or strength
ened the following cluds until they were
entitled to fifteen delegates at to-day's
gathering: N'iies, Snnoi, Pieasanton, Liy
ermore and Centervilie.
Not to be outdone, the -'State" party
brought into the convention clubs from
the Third and Seventh wards, with five
delegates each.
Mrs. Stocker called the meeting to
order at 2 o'clock to-day and named as a
committee Mrs. S. C. Borland, Mrs. L.
Ju :dand Mrs. T. J. Walker.
The first skirmish occurred on the ac
ceptance of this report of the credentials
committee. It favored allowing to all
proxies presented a vote, but it was op
posed by the "jtate" party.
The reason of the opposition can be seen
when it is said that of the fifteen delegates
from the interior of the county only one
■was present in person, all the others hav
ing sent proxies to Mrs. Stocker's per
Eonal friends and backers. After much
-Img and discussion they were re
fused recognition by a vote of 16 to 21.
More time was lost in trying to get this
vote overthrown, but all to no avail.
An informal ballot was next proposed
by the "county" people, and it showed
that the delegation stood 14 to 26 for the
two parties. Every ruse known to profes
sional politicians was exerted to save the
•'county'" elate from defeat, but to no avail
as the firs: baLot showed that the "State"
ticket had captured the works by a vote of
29 to 20. Tue full ticket as elected is as
follows:
President, Mrt. Lloyd Baldwfn; first vice
president, Mrs. Maurice Woodhams; second
vice-presiden:, Mrs. Emma Bh after Howard
Oakland; third vice-president, Mrs. LX. Chatv
r.a::. Alameda: fourth vice-president, Mrs
Heury Vrooman, Oakland ; fif tii vice-president!
Mrs. A. A. Moore, East Oakland; recording sec
retary, Maurice Woodhams; correspondiDg sec
retary, Miss Mary E. Keene; treasurer, Mrs. E
G.judd; auditors, Mrs. Judge Wavmire and
Mr*. Archibald Borland.
The retiring officers and the ones which
comprised the "county" ticket were:
President, Mrs. Alice Stocker; first vice
president, Mrs. Emma Shafter Howard ; second
vice-president, Dr. Kelloeg-Lane, Oakland
third vice-president, Mrs. Mary Height, Berke
ley; fourth vice-president, Colonel P. T. Dick
inson, Alameda; fifth vice-president, Colonel
George Babcock, Alameda; recording secre
tary, Maurice VNcodhams; corresponding sec
retary. Mrs. A. E. B. Bangs; treasurer, Sirs.
E. G. Jadd; auditors, Mrs. John Heath and
Hr>. Lloyd Baldwin.
The selection of the county delegation
to the next Ftate convention was left to
the new executive committee.
Miss Susan B. Anthony, president of
the National Political Equality Society;
Mrs. A. A. Sargent, president of the State
society, and Mrs. Ida A. Harper, superin
tendent of tr.e State press work, were
present, and the first two were presented
to the delegates assembled and invited to
seats on the platform with tie president.
POPULIST PRIMARIES.
Delegate* Chosen for the County
Convention, Which Is to Be
Held Soon.
OAKLAND, Ca-L., Sept. I.— The People's
party held their primaries by clubs
throughout the county yesterday. There
was little or no opposition to the list of
delegates selected for the coming county
convention. Tbe full returns are not in
yet, but will be by Friday, when they will
be canvassed by trie Central Committee
and a date set for the convention. Tbe
following results are known:
Forty-eighth— Delegates: G. W. Buttner, A.
A. Denison, W. J. Ogleaby, A. L. Uollie, S. R.
Kichol*. D. G. Nichols, C. A. Donahue, H.
Phive, W. McCarty, J. Walker, A. Simonds, R.
Reed. J. Beli, George Kelly, I. D. Shephard, c.
M. White. A. J. Gregg, A. D. Houghan, C. T.
Johns, J. Bodell, E. Ernst, W. Ineralls, J. Dj
xnes, Fred Blake, — Adler, A. Andrews, T
Johmon, F. Liidel, J. 8. Argul&r, H. D Jack
son.
Nomination! for County Commltteemen— A.
A. Brett, A. Mathews, G. F. Kenson, P. Preble,
F. J. Gregory. ,
A. A. Bretz was Indorsed as Assembly candi
date.
Delegates: S. Goodenough, B. C
Allyn, A. X. Denison, W. H. Chapman, J. P.
tnnis, J. Kaighan, A. Coons, E. W. Cannon, J.
R. at ? r » cR. Hitchcock, A. B. Bennison. C.
L. Mathews, O. L. Scott, J. McDonald, J. J.
Naegel, W. W. Rushmore, J. B. Woddell, A. C.
Stowe, W. F. Aram, P. Brally, W. O. Howe, G.
Adimini, J. L. Lyon, C. S. McKally. J. Wil
liams, T. Tucker, J. W. McCombs, David
Tonne, G. W. de Jarley, M. F. Barkley, M.L.
Holle Cher, George Cunningham, Arthur Aikin,
G. H. Brock man, A. P. Casswell, S. K. Ham
mer, J. McMillan, M. S. McQuarry, Mrs. W. F.
Aram.
Nominations for County Committeemen— B.
Hesse, J. C. Brown. A. Hoeniach, T. J. Roberts,
L- Bttrkman.
Indorsements for Assemblyman — Messrs.
Howe, Chapman and B*rkman.
Fifty-first— Deleeates : C. C. Smith, W. M.
Whitmore, E. A. Moody. C. S. Frost, Dr. A. F.
Childs, Co.onel H. S. Fitch, H. C. Hermansen.
T. C. Trickstadt, J. C. Estey, R. F. Marshal,
J. A. Spaulding. J. L. Gallman. H. S. Pngh, R.
Jacobs, C. S. Prescott, W. IL Lumis, J. L.
Maynard, Frank J. Cartier, Robert Chapman,
H. S. Kribbs, R. M. Davidson, J. S. Nichols,
M. M. Barney, J. C. Forbes, 6. L. Potter, S.
Karstensen, W. C. Morrison, A. Krueger, M.
Lesser. T.C. Hanke, G. H. Johnson, G. 6. John
son, B. Barnewltz, W. Herman. J. Kiefer,
M. W. Davis, J. C. Bnttner, A. T. Dewey, C. P.
Moore, J. C. Chestnut, c. B. Rutherford, G. E.
Fogg.
THE TIDAL CANAL FUSS
A Private Session to Determine
Future Course of
Action.
Japanese Are Net Mongolians in the
Eyes of the Superintendent of
Public Instruction.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Sect. I.— The Health
Officer, Dr. McLean, and the City Clert,
B. F. Lamborn, do not agree. The doctor
belongs to the old school of punctilious
politeness — an ounce of respect for a City
Trustee and a pound for an army or navy
officer. The City Clerk, being* a Native
Son of the Golden West, holds all men are
equal in the sight of God and himself, and
addresses them accordingly.
This marked difference in the phraseo
logy employed in couching letters ad
dressed to the president and his sub
ordinates was brought out at a private
sitting of the Board of Trustees after its
I regular meeting last night. The meeting
was for the specific purpose of trying to
find out on what premises Colonel Suter
had arrived at the conclusion that the
completion of the tidal canal was un
necessary and its conception based on
: wrong information.
During the present controversy the zeal
ous City Clerk had written twenty-six let
ters to Federal officers, including the
President, and had only received one an
swer, viz., from the President. He felt as
tonished at this want of courtesy, and the
doctor took it upon himself last night to
point out that his youthful confrere's un
warranted interference in writing these
and addressing them as if they
were private citizens of Alameda instead
of as army and navy officers had done the
cause more aarm tnan good. The City
Cierk was out of the room at the time and
the Trustees sat stnl ana meditated. Not
so t- c City Attorney. He flew to his com
rade's assistance and po:ntei cut that in
writing the letters the City Clerk had only
carried out tbe instructions of the City
Trustee*. Besides, he had at the cost of
52 cents postage obtained more informa
i tion than the doctor had with nine
months' sojourn in Washington at a cost
I of |200 to the city alone. Tne doctor para
j phrased Kipling's expression of that be
ing another story and the committee got
down to work.
Being unable to ascertain the date on
which Colonel Suter based his opinion it
was decided that the doctor should ascer
tain from D. S. Lamont, Secretary of War,
if possible the explicit reasons the colonel
has given why the work should not be
completed. Until the replies come and
are answered it is also requested that all
work on the tiarbor project be suspended.
Board of Education.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 1. —At the
Board of Education's meeting this even
ing a letter was received from the Deputy
Superintendent of Public Instruction at
Sacramento laying down the law in ac
cordance with section 1662 of the Political
Code that Mongolians, Chinese and Indi
ans can be denied admittance into the
public schools when separate schools are
provided for their instruction, bnt that
Japanese are not Mongolians and cannot
be denied admittance to our public schools.
Various amendments of existing school
rules were made, the chief ones being that
in future teachers will be apoointed in the
latter naif of June; that time reports sbali
be sent in to the superintendent for each
teacher, and that principals shall exem
plify the worfc of each grade before the
pupils and their teachers.
Delanoy'g Poles.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. I.— Judge Ofrden
has decided to allow Delanoy to reopen
the suit against the City Trustees restrain
ing tnem from taking up his poles. The
matter is to come up for hearing to-mor
row morning, when the amended com
plaint of Delanoy will be considered. In
the meantime the Street Superintendent !
has a force of ten men pulling the poles j
out and by to-niorruw night they will be i
neariy all out and housed.
1 oliticml Equality Club.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. I.— At the
Polit : cai Enuality Club's parlor meeting
last night, held at the residence of Mrs. E.
A. Sreitl!, Mrs. Beckmeyer, Mrs. Margaret
Hood and Drs. Taft and Robinson deliv
ered short addresses. Coffee, caKe and
icecream were served and a substantial
collection for the campaign fund gath
ered in.
Die? at Sea.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. I.— C. C. Brock,
son of Mrs. J. M. Brock, 2216 Encinal
avenue, is reported as dead. The news
came from a captain whom Peter Brock,
his brother, asked to make the report. He
died en route to Alaska, on the Marion, in
command of Camain Petersen, which left
on March 11. His death is ascribed to in
flammation of the intestines. Deceased
was a Native Son, being a member of Hal
cyon Pari^r. for over seven years be was
an enthusiastic member of the Voiun eer
of whicn he wag ei-secretary.
A Change of I)ate«.^^^^^^H
ALAM EDA. Cal., Sept. I.— A confusion
existing as to the date set for the Demo
cratic Third Congressional District Con
vention, F. St. Sure telegraphed Ed
Leak to definitely settle the point. St.
Sura s minutes showed the convention had
adjourned to meet at Vallejo on September
7. Mr. Lx»ak answered that at the request
of many Democrats he had altered the
date to September 4.
Brief Newt Itemi.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 1.-The police
reporc shows thirty-nine arresta during
last month, fourteen of which were for
violations of the city's ordinances. Sixty
three meals were furnished to prisoners.
The Salvation Army will hold a harvest
home festival in its tent, lasting from next
Saturday to the following Tuesday.
C. H. True, late principal of the Wilson
School, has been heard from. He is at
the Sandwich Islands, where he has ob
tained a lucrative position as a teacher
The W. C. T. U. held its annual meeting
in tbe Park-street M. E. Church this even
injr. Rev. William Rader delivered an
address on "Christian Citizenship."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1896.
LEAVES NUMEROUS
FRIENDS BEHIND
Dr. Noble Martin of Dutch
Flat Had a Host of
Admirers.
AN OLD CALIFORNIAN.
Served in the Senate and House
Nearly a Quarter of a
Century.
PHYSICIAN AHD LEGISLATOR.
Came to this State in 1852— Mined for
a Time and Then Studied
Medicine.
"BERKELEY. Cal., Sept. I.— The death |
of Dr. Noble Martin, State Senator from j
Placer and El Dorado counties, who ex- j
pired last night at the residence of bis 1
THE LATE DR. NOBLE MARTIN.
Sketched from life by a "Call" artist during the last session of the.
California Legislature.
son-in-law, Samuel C. Partridge, on Haste
street, comes as a great shock to tne many
friends of the veteran phyncian and legis
! lator. Dr. Martin had served in both of
! the State executive bodies for the greater
i part of the last twenty-five years, and at
; the last session of the Senate, though
nearly 76 years of age, he made one of the
strongest fignts for the rights of his con
stituents during his entire public career.
He came to California in 1352, landing
|at San Diego cm July 4of that year. The
I Senator spent a fe*r years in mining at
| Little York and Red Dog, but not meeting
with tne greatest success at it turned his
attention to the study of medicine.
For the last twenty-five years he prac
ticed at Dutch Flat, and was known
throughout the northern part of Cali
fornia. His practice extended over a dis
trict in radius about twenty miles, and he
kept up his active work until about a year
ago, when he was stricken with heart
failure, from which malady he finally
expired.
Dr. Martin was a warm friend of Senator
George C. Perkins, and when the latter
ran for the United States Senate for the
hrst time, Dr. Martin, though a Democrat
for over half a century, turned from the
paths of Democracy and supported Sen
ator Perkins. belieVing that lie was the
only candidate suited for the position at
that time.
Dr. Martin was visiting his daughters
Mrs. Sam O. Partridge and Mrs. John A.
McLure, in Berkeley when his death oc
curred. He came down from Dutch Flat
Placer County, about a week ago to cele
brate his birthday in Berkeley, as had
been his custom for several years past
He was 76 last Friday. Dr. Martin was
born in New York, August 28, 1320.
Berkeley to Be Bepreiented.
BERKELEY, Cal,, Sept. L— The State
University will be represented ou Ad
mission d»y in the Btate regatta to be heid
at Stockton. It will be the nr=t time that
a man has entered such a contest under
the blue and gold. Cale '97, who won in
tbe outrigger skiff race -on the Oakland
estuary last Saturday, has been selected
to row for Berkeley. /
Tax Bate Fixed.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept L— Berkeley's
tax rate for the coming year was fixed last
night by the Town Board at 95 cents as
against 85 cents last year. It is divided as
follows: General fund 35 cents, street
fund 10 cents, school fund 30 cents, library
6 cents, sewer bond fund 8 cents, school
bond fund 5 cents, electric light bond fund
1 cent. Tbe ordinance iixir.g the rate was
passed to print and will be finally passed
next Monday evening. The increase is 2
cents for the library, 5 cents for the school
fund and 3 cents in the sewer fund.
Populist Meeting.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept L— The Pop
ulists of West Berkeley held a rousing
meeting to-ni^ht at Sisterna Hall.
Previous uv Ifce meeting a torchlight
procession was held, in which the Zouaves
League of Oakland formed the component
part. Adam Thresher, president of tbe
club, called the session to order. Speeches
were made on the issues of the day by
Green Majors of Alameda, Burdette Cor
nell and J. C. Buttner. The committee of
arrangements who had charge of the cele
bration were Adam Thresher, Paul O'Con
nelJ, Dan McLaughlin and Fred Bowson.
To Support the University.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. I.— Professor
E. J. Wictson of the department of agri
culture of the State University has just
returned from a six days' session of
Farmers' Institute meetings in San Diego
County. He reports much sentiment fa
vorable to the university and to allowing
further funds. A resolution was passed
at the meeting urging the representatives
in the State Legislature from the district
of Failbrook to use their influence for the
securing of adequate appropriations for
support of the university, and especially
for the further prosecution of the Farmers'
Inetitute work.
Populistie Delegates Named.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept L— The Fodu-
Hsta of the Fifty-nrst Assembly District
met last night and elected the following
delegates to the County Convention: C. S.
Preble, Dr. J. T. farrar, Michael Doyle,
M. T. Whiting, J. N- Jacobson, John
Gaveile, J. M. Doyle, John Stutt, Thomas
Cralgmire, R. W. Good; alternates— Mrs.
Dr. Carrie F. Young, B. W. Ellis, Ed An
derson, J. P. Sather.
The delegates were instructed not to
vote for a lawyer for a legislative office.
Tbe same delegates will select the candi
dates for Supervisors in their several
districts.
R. W. Good was elected County Com
mitteeman.
Tobacco at the Fair.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Sept. L— Captain
Etnil Kellner of the university experiment
etation has sent to the Mechanics' Fair in
Ban Francisco four boxes of tobacco
grown on the university grounds. The
tobacco has a heaitby color, and the cap
tain says it is of fine quality and flavor.
Unitarian Fete Postponed.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 1. — The
board of managers of the proposed Uni
i tarian garden fete, that was to be held on
the grounds of Captain Thomas, stated to
day that the aftair had been postponed
indefinitely on account of the uncertainty
of the weather.
Sf Pond Freshman Reception.
BERKELEY, Cax., Sept. I.— The fresh
man class at the .state University will be
eiven another reception next Frit Jay even
ing. It wiil be tendered by the combined
Christian Endeavor I" nion of Berkeley at
the First Congregational Church.
REPUBLICAN LEAGUE.
Organization of a New Club In
Alameda County Under
National Auspices.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept L— There was a
meeting of Republicans this evening at
the Masonic Temple to organize the
National Republican League Club of Ala
meda County. J. E. Farncm, Alameda
Ccnnty president of the National Leseue
of Republican Clubs, awied by Dr. George
H. Derrick, State vice-president, and Mur
ray Laidlaw, Congressional district and
county secretary, has been actively at
work durinp the past week enrolling
charter members of the new club until
they have secured the signatures of 250 of
the leading Republicans of the county to
a roll worded as follows:
Whereas, It is deemed advisable by the
lending Republicans of this city to organize
: olitica.l club to bt known as the
National Republican League of Alaraeda
;■•, Cal., the objects of which shall b<* to
further tbe interests and promulgate the
priacipiesof the Republican party and sup
port its doctrines,
Therefore we. the undersigned, do subscribe
our names hereto as charter members of such
organization and atrree to meet »r I perfect
the sam» at soTie time and place :o <t here
after designated, upon receiving due notice to
attend such meeting.
The meeting was called to order by Hon.
J. E. Farnum, who outlined the purpose
of the club, and said it was his intention
to make the cluD the headquarters of the
National League of Republican Clubs, ana
in the near future all the Republican
clubs in the county are expected to be
come affiliated with the National League.
Ex-Mayor W. R. Davis was unani
mously chosen president, Hon. E. J. Far
num lirst vice-president, ex-Mayor M. C
Chapman second vice-president", Murray
Laid. aw secretary.
The selection of other vice-presidents
was delayed until a later period with a
view of having president of all Repub
lican clubs ma-le vice-presidents.
A committee on constitution and by
laws was named, consisting of Me«srs.
Derrick, Hiil and Bishop. The three
elected officers were made a committee to
secure permanent quarters for the club
Addresses were made by ex-Jud^e J N
Fox, Dr. Derrick and F. S. Strmtton. " '
Two Tear* at San Quentin.
OAKLAND, Cal., BepL L — Edward
Wickham was sentenced to two years at
San Quentin to-day by Jadge Green.
Wickham stole a horse and buggy from
F. W. Baser, and sold it in Fresno for f 15.
He was convicted and sentenced for three
years a year ago, but the Supreme Court
allowed him a new trial on * technicality
OUT FOR LEARNING.
California College of Highland Park
S«ndi a Quota of Students East
This Fall.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. I.— California
College, the Baptist institution at High
land Park, will be represented this winter
at tne Baptist Theological Seminary of
Rochester, R. V., by fonr graduates,
while Moody's Training School of Chicago
will claim one from the same institution.
All of these young people leave to-mor
row prepared to take full courses at the
seat of learning selected. They are Mr.
and Mrs. J. B. Travis, Mr. and Mrs. Cal
vert Smoot and Henry Jackson.
L%st evening the students and friends of
the students gave them a farewell recep
tion at the Twenty-third -avenue Baptist
Church. Ex-President S. B. Morse of the
college gave them words of cheer and ad
vice for their coming work. Mr. Espey
'96, a classmate of them ail, Did them
Godspeed in their new fields of labor upon
benaif of tae graduates, and Rev. Robert
Whittaker spoke as their pastor. Each of
the gentlemen responded appropriately.
Mills labtrnacK Sold.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. I.— The direc
tors of the Oakland Exposition have
secured the Mills Tabernacle and will use
it for political meetings and other public
meetings until after election.
The price is not stated, but it Is known
to be near $600. The first offer male by
the directors was $500, but the Young
1 Men's Christian Association trustees asked
$SOO. The matter was held in abeyance
i ior a time and then the offer of the expo
i sition management was increased and a
sale effected. The structure was erected
; in July, 1-592, by public subscription, at a
1 cost of between $5000 and $6000. It had a
seating capacity of 3500. Among the
many great gatherings held in it since B.
: Fay M^lls left was the reception to
"Father Endeavor" Clark in 1893,
when 5000 Christian Endeavorers were
present. Bill Nye's lecture when over $1100
was taken in in 1594. Governor Budd's
campaign meeting in 1895, when all Oak
land turned out, and this year when the
police had to keep the crowds out at the
meeting held when Sankey and Stebbins
were here.
Three Brothers Fail.
OAKLAND, Cal, Sept. I.— The well
known firm of Arlett Bros, of 417 Thir
teenth street, composed of H. 8., J.
C. and W. T. Arlett, which has been
conducting a fruit and produce business
for a year or more, filed a petition in in
solvency to-day. The Oakland Fruit and
Produce Company attached their stock
and fixtures. They owed Rouse & Co.,
$276 94; Oakland Fruit and Produce Com
pany. $150; Grace M. Fisher, $250; C. F.
Kleapfer, $o00; Benjamin Arlett, $250;
Elizabeth Arlett. $120; Hutchins & Jamie
son, $50 SB; Merriani <fc Co., $6 85; Fosing,
Gallagher 4 Co., $74 86; Tillman <fe .Ben
del, $36 72; Olympia, Garcia & Co., $42 25;
Farmers' Fruit and Produce Company,
$115 30; W. P. Wheeler, $16 25; F. \V.
Scaring, $6; Agard <fc Co.. $655; Ansou
Barstow, $35; S. Angel, $39 36; E. D. Wil
liams. $23 23; H. Gard & Co., $6 SO; Miller
<fe Butler, $2 70; Mrs. Templeton, $3 65;
Charles Jurgens, $25; Norton, Teller <fc
Roden, $52 69; Benjamin ArleU, $40. To
ra liabilities, $1930 82; estimated assets,
$96980. *
Sewall on Labor.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. t.— C. B. White,
the Populist Sheriff of Alameda County,
was a fellow townsman of the Democratic
1 Vice-I'residentiai candidate, having resided
< only two doors from him in Bath, Me.,
many years ago. In reply to a letter re
garding the latter' s record on labor he has
received the following:
Bath, Me., Angus'. 26. 1896.
C. B. White, S?ierif, Oar.land, Cal.— Mr Dear
Sip.: Your esteemed tavor of the 7th irrst. at
hand and am pleased to note your interest in
the coming campaign. My record, as far as
my relations to labor is concerned you should
get from other sources than myself. I think
tne gentleman you refer to, .Mr. M-;s~enden,
could give you ttie record in a general way,
and when you get toe tarts you will find that
there is no ground for any unfavorable criti
cism.
Thanking you for the interest you are taking
in the contest, I am, very truly yours,
AKTHrB SEWALL.
A Butchering Business.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept. L— A corpora
tion with $100,000 capital stock, styled the
Oakland Meat Company, has filed papers
of incorporation with the County Clerk.
It purposes to conduct a general butcher
ing business in this city and it has $50,000
of stock subscribed. The following are
tbe directors and the amount of their
stock subscriptions: Fred F. Carius $16,
-600, J. F. Reynolds $16,600, S. D. Prather
$16,600, Charles C. Clay Jr. $100, V. R.
Shipley $1000.
Assembly District.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. L— A meeting
of the Fourth Ward McKmiey Republican
Club will be held at Montana HsUl, corner
of Seventh and Adeline streets next Fri
day evening. September 4. Ihe meeting
promises to be the largest yet held by the
organization. Judge A. L. Fnck, D.\niel
J. Mulnr.9, candidate for the Reoublican
nomination for Assemblyman in the
Forty-ninth District, Dr. Charles M.
Fisher and other able speakers will be on
hand to discuss the issues of the campaign.
A mu.-ica! quartet has also been engaged
for the occasion.
The Matter of Money.
OAKLAND. Cal., Bept I.— Members of
the Alaznda County Law Association will
discuss the proposition that the free coin
age of silver would be beneficial to the in
dustrial and commercial interests of the
United States to-mo-row night in the
courtrooms. The affirmative wi!l rje up
held by Attorneys B. F. Woolner and Bur
dette Cornell, while W. D. Powers and j.
etson will deny the allegation. The
debate is open to the public and the mem
bers lu,p* to see many of their friends
presentl
A Continuance Granted.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept I.— The passing
of sentence on G. D. High for libeling W.
J. Dingee was set for to-day, but on mo
tion of Attorney Neusbaumer it was
passed until September 12, and the trial
on the charge of libeling j. Cook was set
for the 15th, owina to tne fact that it was
formerly set on Admission day.
Speak to Mea.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Sept. I.— Rev. Anna
Shaw has been engaged to address the
men's meetini next Sunday at the Young
Men's Christian Association building.
Special music will be furnished for the oc
casion, and a large attendance is antici
pated.
A Surgical Operation.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. I.— Dr. D. D.
Crowley bjas sued the executors of Philip
Boogar's estate for $2500 for performing a
surgical operation called lateral anasta
rnosis, being the cutting out a portion of
the intestines and uniting the . ends. The
usual charge ranges from $2000 to $5000.
At Home Again.
OAKLAND. Cax», Sept. I.— Lord and
Lady Sholto Douglas arrived home with
Lady Douglas' mother at 1419 Linden
street. Bi nee their marriage the Marquis
of Queensberry has increased the allow
ance to his son and requested her Lady
ship to give up the stage, which she
promises to do.
An Order Revoked.
OAKLAND. Cal,, Sept. I.— Mr. Vander
cook of the Eighth-street electric line has
revoked his recent' order abandoning the
last car which connects with the last tram
from the City, and the patrons of the road
will find the car at its place as usual upon
the arrival of the last train.
A New Building.
OAKLAND, Cal,, Sept. I.— Julius Abra
hamson wili submit a plan to the Acme
Club at its next meeting for the erection
of a clubhouse at tbe corner of Thirteenth
and Clay streets on the lot formerly oc
cupied by the Hebrew synagogue.
Auction §ales
GEO. F. LASISOS, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4lo Kearny St.
CONTINUATION
THIS DAT At 11 o'clock
OF THE
Great Sale of Magnificent Furniture and
Works of Art
At 2020 BROADWAY, NR. BUCHANAN ST.
■ . GEO. F. LAMSON. Auctioneer.
ALLEN COWA*.
26 Montgomery street. 8
"WILL SKi L at 11 o'Clock THURSDAY,
AT StO SIITTEK STREET,
MR. WILSON'S STOCK OF HARDWARE,
Embracing Tools of All Kinds. Crockery, Glass-
ware, Tobacco. Cigars. Cigarettes and High Grade
of i>ro''eri'-s: y^ ton of Nails. _
BRAVED DANGERS
IN THEBAW'S REALM
Colonel Burton, One of the
Heroes of Mandelay,
in Town.
FAMOUS IN MANY LINES
An Expert Gunner and Discoverer
in Geology and Astron
omy.
HAS BEEN VISITING COOLGARDIE
Says the Gold Mines There Are Very
Rich, bat the Cost of Mining
Is Great.
.Oolonel A. Burton-Brown, a distirr
guished retired officer of the English army
and member of the Royal Geographical
and Royal Astronomical societies, is at
the Occidental.
Colonel Burton- Brown, the Discoverer and Descendant of Marlborongh'i
Leading General.
: Sketched from life by a "CaU" artist.]
The colonel was for some years sta
tioned in Burmah, and at the time Kin»
Thebaw was preparing for an onslaught
of tbe British from his strongholds in
Mandelay he made a trip up the Irawaddy
to Mandelay and examined the forts on
the river and defenses of the city. It was
an extremely dangerous trip, and had he
been caught he would undoubtedly have
been tortured to death.
Difficult as the trip was he made it suc
cessfully, and collected a vast amount of
information of much value to the British
forces.
Coionel Burton-Brown has made many
useful inventions in gunnery, to which he
has given much attention. His maternal
ancestor was Sir John Burton, one of
Marlborou.h'3 best-known generals. For
some time in recent year 3he was in com
mand of the Royal Artillery in the Straits
settlements in order to complete the re
armament of Singapore.
The colonel was elected to the Royal
Geographical Society for his cavern ex
plorations on the raised beaches at Gib
raltar, and was made a fellow of the Royal
Astronomical Society for his sun and
nebalr.r observations.
He has just arrived from an inspection
of the gold fields of Coolgardie and Kal
godie. - He had intended joining the
astronomical party in Japan to take ob
servations of the recent eclipse. He was
unable to get there in time, however, so
he recount*, and had to content himself i
with taking some observations from
islands north of Samoa.
For a few days recently he has been at
Mount Hamilton looking through the
preat Lick telescope.
"I was much impressed with the gold i
resources of Coolgardie and Kalgodie," I
said Coionel Burton Brown; "they are
seeminzly inexnaustible, but the country
is surrounded by a desert so great as to !
make mining in every way costly. For i
this rea«on the product must be very j
materially lessened. If there was an i
abundance of water there the gold output !
would be enormous.
"I visited many of the outlying dis- !
tricts, and examined the deposits carefully [
from a geological standpoint. There is ;
almost no limit to to the gold. The only
impediment 12 the great cost of getting it j
out.
"In tiroes past I have hunted s good j
deal in different countries for big game. It
was my intention to remain bere for a
time and hunt some of the game here, and >
IBI.LM AUCTION COMPACT,
1057 MARKET STREET. '
MAGNIFICENT SALE OF FURNITURE
......AT
1927 California St., bet. Gouih and Octavia
TO-DAY,
The Second Day of September, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. x.
We hare been ordered to sell the re-
maining Furniture in an elegant flat
of 8 rooms, consisting of almost Sew
Carpets, Dining-room Farni.ure,
Bedroom Suit-, .Etc.
By special permission we have removed aa
amount of remarkably fine goods from oar sales-
: room, which, perhaps, may stll to batter advan-
tage in a private house. It consists of the finest of
Royal Danish Terra Cotta Ware, Bronzes, Louis
Philippe Clocks. 2 Art-proof En?ravln?s (no dupli-
cate on the coast), one "Lions and Cabs." arter
Kosa Bcnheur art proof: Etchings. Palnttng*,
Turkish Lounges, Mahogany Table*. White-hair
Mauresira, Lace Curtains". Rues, Pillows, Sheets.
Dinner Set. Table Linen, and la fact a fine lot of
.Furnishings, which are to be sold without limit.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPAXY,
1057 Market Street, Opposite Jones,
H. J. LEfTHOLTZ. Auctioneer.
also enjoy the aport of salmon fishing, bnt
I am a little pressed for time now, so I
will hurry home to London and wili come
back a little later."
Colorel Barton-Brown is a fine-looking
ger tlerran, with iron-gray hair. He is an
interesting talker, and has a vast fund of
valuable experiences to draw from. His
■tay here will be short. The Colonel is a
friend of Editor Wildman, of the Overland
Monthly, whom he knew well when he
was United States Consul at Singapore.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told In
brief Chapters.
Oakland Office Bah Francisco Caix. ;
• 908 Broadway, Sept. 1. \
The regular meeting of the Young Men's
Democratic Ciub of Alameda County will b«
held Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock at 466
Eighth street.
The Republican! of Livermore started to-day
to decorate their town for the coming rally on
Saturday night. The principal ipoaiers will
be Senator George C Perkins and W. R. Davis.
The Alameda County Teachers* Institute
will be held in this city Wednesday, Thursday
and Friday, October 28 to 30 inclusive. The
details will be published as soon as completed.
Mrs. Prescott, secretary of the Society for the
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, has
two beautiful girls at her office ior whom she
desires homes— one 6 years and the other 21
months old.
The Democratic County Central Committee
will meet Saturday evening at 418 Eighth
street to prepare a call for county primaries at
which delegates will te selected "to the conven
tion to be held soon.
The executrix of the estate of George J. Ains
worth has approved the claims of John Gre«a
for $10,717 65 and of ex-Seuator J. X. Dolph ot
Oregon for $2704 7S. Tbe claims were on
account of money loaned.
The Seventh Ward Bryan Silver Club will
meet to-morrow nizht atihe Exempt Firemen's
engine-house on the corner of East Fourteenth
street and Fifteenth avenue. Ali friends ol
silver are invited to attend.
The Chief of Police has received a letter ask
!ne him to look up "Xeil" Jordan, formerly of
Bfarphys, Cal. The latter states that Jordan's
mother is very ill and wishes to transfer to him
her property, which is considerable.
Murray Township propose? to supply judicial
timber for both parties this season. Attorney
G. W. Langan is an aspirant for the Republi
can nomination and Attorney Tom Scott lor
the Democratic nomination for Superior
Judge.
The bill of exceptions in the case of Ben Hill,
the ex-bartender and baseballist who killed
his wife, has been settled, and the appeal is
now r>ady to go to the Supreme Court. Carroll
Cook will be associated with Tom Bradley in
the presentation of the appeal.
The Army and >"avy Republican League will .
hold c grand rally at their headquarters. 47-1
ami 47H Eighth street. Thursday evening.
Hon. F. S. Stratton end Dr. George H. Derrick,
candidates for the office of State Senator, will
be present and address the meeting.
The Exempts have made arrangements to go
iion, seventy-five strong, with their en
gine to celebrate Admission day. They will as
semblr at their engine-boost:. Sixth and Clay
streets, at 4 o'clock p. m., on the Bth and go by
the creek boat to san Fr*nci»co, when they
wiil take the steamer.
Interested in Hamilton.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. I.— J. J. Smith
of Auburn writes that Fred Hamilton,
who was taken to the County Jail in a
half-famished condition lately, left that
place August 15 for San Francisco to enter
a hospital. He had worked there until
his health gave way owing to the heat.
He left a good record wherever he had
been, but seems to be troubled with a nerv
ous disease.
— * •
; In proportion to the population, the
greatest number of telecraphic despatches
are sent in Australia. For every hundred
inhabitants nearly twice as many mes
sages are sent in" Australia as in Great
Britain.
yT""^. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Ms^^>.9^9j^P An:!rrST - Established
(rjf^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I62SKEABSTST. Established
m in 1854 lor the treatinentof Private
' ■ftifftt^firr Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
A disease wesringou bodyand mind and
•^rapfnra Skin XHteasea. The doctorenreswhen
j^tmnm|KJ others (ail. Try him. Charges low.
CSBBmSGiaa d»re» guaranteed. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. ft', IBBO>. Bax 1957. 5 an Fraadjoß.
1314
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
O Gumlo, Oakland J I) Williams, Oakland
W A Marshall, PieJmont C H Shina. Los Ang
II Marshall, Cleveland H L Shattuck. Denver
A Bonestiif>m<fcw, .Sacto C X Daniel. Midi
I" 1 1* Nell, Chicago J A Cnnnincham, Sacto
.! X Dove:i. i'ortala J H Hazi'iton. Han Jose
\\" L Eaton, Cal J F Madden, Newcastle
T T Miler.Cal E M Tttdeu, Woodland
J M Moore, Anaconda 11 H Whitman <& w, Cal
Jam.-s Gallagher.Fresno B Bobn, Pomeroy
A M Donald, Noodles G Whlttlesev &w, \\ ash
W W Doug as*, sa to Mrs B Graves, Salinas
Mrs H Tracey, < al Miss May Tracey, Cal
Mrs hmmons. Pt Costa Mrs R L Lee, Tacoma
D Costello, Tacoma CFG Pattre.lo, Portland
Airs T F Morley.LsAng Mis* B R Morley, LosAng
Mrs P T Dickinson, lal M Moody, Pasadena
M R Mermu Salinas G W Ostrom <fe w, Cal
Miss 1 rnruan, Stockton Misi Obermulier. Cal
MrsE M Obermu'ler.Cal Miss Allan, Cal
(; B For 1, Ontario J F Aldrich <fe w, Chicago
H Roberts, Eureka A H Forrest, Vancouver
Jiloitontwf, Vancouver Mrs F Boutell.Livermoie
Mrs W E Alien, Cal E Hillman & wf. Xapa
F W Bnttelman, Cal 1. Hosenberg, Ukiah
John E Jackson, L Ang FH Cockayne & wf, Cal
R T Jones, chico Dr J B Krazier, i-.lmira
H L WUde & wf, Cal J A Cunningham, Cal
B F Butterfield <ftwf,Cal Miss E Hunkins, Coluta
1' A Buotl. Stockton T W Wells, Sonora
I A Waterman, Chicago Mrs C E Lynn, Sonora
J Hemingway, Cnk-asto Miss E Aldrich, Chicago
Miss M Aldrfcti, Chicago Miss L Aldrich, Chicago
W 1" sargent. Cleveland J C I'oplin. Los Angeles
F P Black. San Jose C P Kite. Stanford
C F Earle, i'asadena C Grlnnell, Oakland
J A Andrews, Los Ang Mrs F Cox &d, Sacto
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
J Kohler, Nevada City J Skinner, Mcx
A Ludwig, Mcx J A Murphy, Paso Robles
J A Hagenbuch, Victoria W X owers, San Diego
T Callaghan, NY E Piper, N V
L R steeie. Tracy J H Kutherford, Fresno
J G Mclnerney, Cal J A Rice, Missouri
H Thornton, Los Banos J W Logan & w, Ariz
B Fielder, Chicago M schiiler, Chicago
D Harold. Denver M Gilchrlst, Omaha
C Washington, Cal R G Whtttlock, Sta Crui
X C Wilson, Sim.a Crui H L Madi^an. San Jose
J V Cameron, Living:on E U Pratt, Los Ang
W B Westlake, Sacto J Doherty <fe w, Sacto
C H Burden, sonora P A Gaylard, Woodland
NE V WESTERN HOTEL.
G B Elson, Boston Mrs c onklin, Boston
John Andrews, Fresno. P Thomas, Fresno
A Kay, st fanl S JohiihOn, Albany
M Haney, i imago V W Johnson, Oakland
Mrs B Burch, San Jose J H Williams, Ohio
T A Sherwood, cal Miss X Junes, Meulo
Miss E Piukham. Menlo T D Lucy. St Louis
Dr Gray, Chicago Mrs Hirsch <fc fm, Chcgo
F F Booth, Chicago R C Louis Jr, Chicago
B B Jinks, Baden W J Hansen, Victoria
1) i l.t-ek, Wash B B Montague Vallejo
N UooJ, Vallejo 0 C Cunninguam, Cal
L C Ueorge, .\»pa Mlbs ueorge. Napa
Mrs Lucy, Napa
PALACE HOTEL.
W H Dudley, Miss A A Wood, Detroit
I L Maloney, Fresno F E Simpson. Boston
X \ >ayer. llanford Mrs W X Simpson, Bostn
Miss simpson. Boston c Kilputrick, st Louis
C Power, Del Monte H H Pitcher, Livermore
T Keeley, Denver R L Hubbell, Cleveland
Mrs Keeley, Denver T P Terry <fe w, N V
Dr T s Armstrong, X V F D Stinson, Los Angeles
S M Green, Mill Valley Com M McKeuzie.U S X
B U steinnian, Sacto J R .iobinson <fe w.Hanfd
M:ss Morley, Los Ang Mrs T H Morley, Ls Ang
Mrs Partridge, London M D Hull Aw, Ctiicago
J L. Kennedy, Mont F Fruuies, England
BALDWIN HOTEL.
A A BrowD, San Jose F G Weilz. Los Angela*
J Kelly, San Jose E R Smith. Oakland
s Hainill, Ophir L O Mayer. Cincinnati
X snow. New York B Snow. New York
U \V Armstrong, X York Rev L B Ridgely, N V
J Brown, san Bernardino f B McCabe, Los Angles
c J5 Booth. Los Angeles S W Van Syckel. N V
\V Jl o' Bryan, AUruria E .Sells, Sell's Circus
W U Brown, Angels Cmp G Willis, -New York
C Browning, New York H Kicherson, St Louis
Mrs a. Williams. st Louis C .'ones, Fresno
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Sarah Dwyer to John and Frances McCarthy,
lot on S line of Fulton street, 112:6 E of Brod
erick, E 25 by S 137:6: $10.
John S. and Florida Carr to Julia & Marls, lot on
W line of Baker street, 50:4^4 S of Washington.
S lb by W 10 6:3; $10.
Security Loan Association to William J. Mac-
Leod, lot on W line of Tremont avenue, 100 S of
Waller street. S 25 by W 80: $10.
John Q. a. and Cynthia E. Patterson to Fannie R.
stow-, lot on W line of Sanchez street, 63 N of
Eighteenth, N 25 by W 100; $10.
Charles and Mary Wiimou to E. A. Sherman
Jr., lot on N lineof Francisco street, 91:8 W of
Powell, W 45:10 by N 60; $10.
Edwin A. Sherman Jr. to Charles Wlilmoit.
same; $10.
August E. and Caroline Iverson (Soher) and
August and Mariana Paturel (Soher) to Buffalo
Brewing Company, undivided two-sevenths of the
following: LotonSllneor Bush street, 137-6 E
of Larkin, X 30 by 8 137:6; also lot on S lineof
O'Farrell street, 137:8 Eof Mason, E 68 by 597:6
-a.so all interest in the estate ot Lewis Soher- $10*
etc.
Marie B. Pavillier to Martin L. Hlbbard, lot on 8
line of Ellis street, 83:8 E of Larkin, E v! 6-10 by 8
87:6; gift. '
Mar. ha Ann Campbell (widow of John) and H
C Campbell, trustee, to Lovell White, lot on N W
line of Brannan street, 122 W of Second NW
.07:6. SW ill, 5E27:6. SW 31 :6, SE 80, NE 62:6;
.Vary shea to Nora O'Connor, ail interest In lot
on NW line_of Minna street, 395 feW of Third. SW
George D., James M., L. W., Peyton and F. M
Wise to John H. Wise, all interest ln lot on SW
line of Brannan place, 200 SE of Brannau streat,
se 76 by BW 60; also lot on S line of Greenwich
s reet, 137:6 W of Powell, S 87:6 by E 47-6
-$5, etc '
Luigi Jiiri to Monroe Greenwood, lot on XE cor
ner of Army (Colasa) aud Indiana streets X 60
by E 100; $416.
William G. and Caroline Walton to Samuel J.
Slielper. iof on SE corner of T street and Fortieth
avenue. S 600 by E 240: $10.
r. J. and Louisa Moliterno to Solomon Getz lot
16. block A, lot 3, block B, lot 9, block C, Getz
Addition to Lakeview; $10.
auheda couxty.
Nathaniel P. Cole (trustee California Manufac
turing Company) to Harriet L. Duruee, lot on
NW corner of Twenty -eighth and West streets X
112 oy W 14 i. being lots 10 and 11, block A
Whiteher and Brockhurst Tracts, Oakland, to cor-
William T. and Mary J. Veitch to W. T. and
Richard M. Veitch, lot on S side of Thirty-third
street, 454:0 V* E of Grove, E 75 by 8 170, being
the E 15 feet of lot 12 and all ot lot 13, and E 10
fict of lot 14, Collins Tract, Oakland: $10.
J. E. and E. J. Prewett to c. J. and Annie A
Keefc-, lot on N line of Nolan or Thirty-third street
534 E of West street, thence along N line of Nolan
■treel 3-', thence N 100, W 32, S 100 to beginnm"
Oakland: $10.
Andrew J. and Annie 8. Nor to William Wil
liams, lot on E line of Campbell street. 78 N of
Lincoln, E iOU by N 26. Oakland; $10.
Sarau a. Hill and 1). R. Thomas (by Tax Col
lector) to Charles Babb, lot 90, Crocker l ract
Oakland Township; $1. '
Helena F. Cumpsty to Ida E. Taylor. lot on NE
live of East Seventeenth street, 90 SE of Fifteenth
avenue, BE 30, NE 100. NW SW 63, NW 10
SW 4 , to beginning, beinc portion of lota, 4 and 5*
block. 42, San Antonio, East Oakland: also lots 20
'22. 36 nnd 38, Piedmont Tract, Oakland Town
ship: $5-
Annie A. Ahem to William J. Ahem. lots 17 to
20, block 29, San Antonio, East Oakland- gift.
v Larles Babb to Sarah A. Hill, lot 90 map of
Crocker Tract, Piedmont, quitclaim deed Oak
lan i Township; $5.
William T. and Mary J. Veitch to William T.
and Richard M. Veitch. lot on SE line of Wals
worth avenue. 270 NE of Bayo Vista avenue \ E
60 by sE 123. beine the N E 55 fe°t of lot 8 and SW
5 feet of lot 7, block C, Linda Vista Terrace Oak
laud Township; *10. '
Elizabeth O. aod John O. Doane to William C
Dudley, Richard H. Spencer and Koderigo R Will
kinson, lot on S line of Alcatraz avenue. 100 W of
Calais s:reet. W 50. S 125.b9, E 50, N ) 28.79 10
Berke'le"^ $10 Ug ' Ot ?> blOCk A ' iJ * radlse Park >
Emnja 0.. wife of Charles F. Burke, to Katie F
Courtney lot on N line of Fourth street, 25 W of
Oak, Vv 25 by N 75. beinc portions Of lots 20, 21
and 22, block 129, Oakland: $1.
Forrest N. crafts to Elizabeth Debolce, lot on S
line of Twenty-sixth street, 105 W of Myrtle W
5.0 by S 70. block 638, Oakland; grant. yFUe ' W
) llzibeth Debolce to Forrest N. Crafts all In
terest ln lot on N line of Fifth street, 60 W of
Madison. W 37:6 by N 100, block 60. Oakland
grant. '
John C. and B. Klumpke to William A. Brown
low 16, 17, 48 and 4J#, block D, Lvnn Homestead'
quitclaim deed, East Oakland: $iO. ulcl » lt »ai
George C. c.rismore to Mary A. Grismore, un
dlvidt-u half interest ln lot on sW line of Fast
Twenty-second street, 353:&V 2 SE of Twenty
third avenue. SE 50 by sW 150, being portion of
block G, subdivision 50 Associate*' Tract, East
<>ak him; gin. ••=««■•
George C hristensen to Karm Ray land, lot 2. Sut
ter Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
E. li and Mary D. Sessions to W. L. Watts lot
on the W line of Champion street, 180 N of 'chl
ca :o avenue. X 221 : 17, XW 6. S 221: 17, E 6 feet
to Dtginniiiß, block I, Prospect HIU Tract. Brook
1\ ii ! OWlMbtp; $1.
John L. Sliiman to Johanna J. Shlman, 4-75
acres on the W line of the county road San Lo
renzo to a lvararto with center line road, San Lo
renzo to Roberts Landing, thence W 307. B 667 to
the center of San Lorenzo Creek, thence to the W
cornpr lands of Levingston, E to a point, N W to be
pninm?, Eden Township; gift.
Theodore and Louisa Ericke to Frederick Elliott
lot on SW line of Central avenue, 775 SB of High
street, SE 33:4 by SW 125:6, being NW 83V3 feet
of ot 2fr. Hawley Tract, Alameda: $10
Frederick and Charlotte H. Elliott to J. 8. John
son, same: $10.
J. s. and Annie X. Johnson to Frederick Elliott,
same: $10.
William Clark to Jennie E. and Hattie Clark,
lot on SE corner of Bancroft way and Fulton
afreet, E 100 by 544, bein X portion of lot 8, block
litr' PP t r iey t - rr * y io° ege Home s^«« Association.
i.eorge t. Hawley and Maggie Jones to John H.
PlUt«r, lot on SW corner of Sneii avenue and San
Leaudro road, W 540, s 'J05:10 W 100 N 184
thence at right angles 150 feet to beginning, being
lots 12, 13 and J4, block 1- , Buenaventura I ract
for k s7Oo^°slo ° TOWn ' hlp (» üb J^t W> a mortgage
F. schoenstedt to Katie Scboenstedt, lots 1 and
2. block 13, town of Livermore, Murray Town
ship: gift.
Jonathan J'age to Isabella Porter, lot on E line
of Wood street, 54 N of Clmse, N 54, E 102-6 be-
Ln< lots 3 and 4, block 696, Casserly Tract' oak
lend: $10. '
1-dwHrd E. and as attorney and Susan a. Potter
(by attorney) to Sarah E. B Frlck, lot* MO and
341, mnp of Pouer Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Caroline E. Dwlnelle to Fannie J. chlpman lot
on WliDeof Caroline street, 75.08 S of Sau An
tonio avenue, S 40 by W 100, being the s 40 feet
of lot 142. Enclnal Park Tract. Alamc-da; uift
R. A. and Nettie F. Pjckelt to Annl- llreliauf
(wife of P. s.) and Florence Bertrand (wife of K.
B.). lot on W line of Union street, 95 X of Enclnal
avenue, N 45 by W 131,' Alameda; $10.
Bnilders' Contracts,
Louis Schoenfeld with C. Krecker, to erect a
three-story building on SK corner of Fulton and
Gouph streets, $:>340; Emil John, architect.
.1. H. Mangels with F. W. Kern, to erect a two
story frame building ou NW corner of Twenty
fourth street and Treat avenue, 77666; H. Oefl
fuss, architect.
E. J. Baldwin with William Knowles, improve
ments in billiard-room of Baldwin Hotel, $:-!000;
M. J. Lyon, architect.
E. J. Baldwin with P. E. Barker, copper, Iron
and brass work of same, $ 868; M. J. Lvon, archi
tect.
Did Not letum a Bicycle.
G. 8. Dyer, agent for the Pope Manufacturing
Company, swore to a complaint in Judge Low's
Court yesterday charging Fred Olsen alias J.
Bush and Arthur Lawson alias James Williams
with embezzlement. He said they rented a
bicycle worth $110 on Sunday, which they
neglected to return.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caxxi—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock erery
algnt In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 6BO Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:80 o'clock.
889 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, «pea
until 9 o'clock.
28 18 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:80 o'clock
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
_tTSS» CALIFORNIA COUNCIL NO. 2, ft
» ; *' R. & S. M.. will meet THIS A
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, Sept. 2, at IT 2T
7:30 o'clock, for business and degrees. By /^r^
order of the T. I M.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Recorder.
■ITS* MISSION LODGE NO. 169, F. 4 0
WS*& A. M.— Stated meeting and third de- ML
gree THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING \fV
at 7:30 o'clock. C. D. BUNKER, Sec. /V^
»^S= EXCELSIOR LODGE NO. 166, F. m
fc-* 7 * A. M — Staled meeting THIS A
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING. S.pt. 2. at IT \F
7:30 o'clock. TH 1- O. E. SMITH, Sec. /\y\
rS> CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139, F. •
«o-«^ and a. M.— Stated meeting THIS LA
WEDNESDAY at 7:30 p m. TKlf
H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary. /V>
Xg 3 UNITY LODGE, NO. 131, -^fflj"-
l**& I. O. O. F.-Officers and mem-^St^.
bers are requested to ass -mble at the^s**S?<SF
hall. Sixteenth and Valencia streets - -Wl*' 1 *
at 2 P. m., sharp, for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late brother W. F. MULLER.
J. C. F. CORBETT, N. G.
Wit. Thackeray. Rec. Sec.
■^S 3 MOUSE LODGE NO. 257, I. -tvrH ■-■
Kve'o. p. F. - Initiation THlS^^^.
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, Sept. =§£<SSS^
2. Visitors cordially invited. ->v/i«fr
Jas. G. WILSON, N. G.
C. Bbin-p, Rec Sec. ' -
WZSs' A. O. H. DIVISION 2-THK«x,k
s»-*^ regular monthly meeting of this Vvv^?
division will beheld in Hlbernla Hail on HI •*
WEDNESDAY EVENING, September 2 br*\A
at 8 o'clock. All the members are eani-*£-^fiP
estly quested to attend this meeting, as final ar-
rangements will be made for our annual picnic at
Harbor View Park on Admission day. Candi-
dates seeking admission will please be prompt n
attendance. State President Donovan will be
present and tell all about the late National con-
vention. Sojourning brothers are cordially in-
vited. BA.RTLY LEE, President
John Kikxt, Rec. Sec.
IKS* "SCOTCH XICHT" AT ME- v C^fi"
»-* ? chanics' THURSDAY A. C»kjs
EVENING, September 3,1896, under
auspices of Clans Fraser and Mac- *%=£>"»
donald, O. S. C., and Scottish 1 histle Club of San
Francisco. All Scotch men and women are cor-
dially invited to participate in parade to be held
on that occasion. Participants are requested to as-
semble at 32 O'Farrell st. at Bp. 11. sharp. Par-
ticipants taking part in parade admitted to Pa-
vilion free of charge. Bring your plaid and bon-
net. If you have none come anyway. IRVING
M. SCOTT speaks on that occasion.
JOINT COMMITTEE.
j£sS* THE REGULAR MEETING OF THE
m>& Bricklayers' Association will be held at
B'nal B'riih Hall, 121 Eddy St.. THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING, September 2, at 8 o'clock.
Business Of great importance.
JOHN B. CAMPBELL, President.
■t^S=» vK CYRUS TEED, FOUNDER OF
m^*r Koreshanlty, will lecture on '-The coming
Crisis" in hall four, 102 O'Farrell st., FRIDAY
EVENING; also Sunday af.ernoon at 2:30: ad-
mission free. ,
SgZS* FOR RENT— THE LODGE ROOMS FOR-
Br-£^ merly occupied by the X. s. G. W. In the
Pioneer building, 24 Fourth st. For terms apply
at 5 Pioneer place.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ~~~~~
rE3p~DR^ ALBERT ABRAMs' HAST££
•■>■*' moved his offices to 784 Geary st.
Kay DR. O. E. SUBSDORFF HAS REMOVED
m*£?i his offices to 22Va Geary au, rooms 1 and 2.
■£35= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4-
•»«*' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 416 Montgy bu. room 6. Tel. 6580.
CS" BAD TENANTS EJECTED. $3. COOK.
■■^^ Law and Collection Office. 1023 Market st.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FE3IALE.
CR, HANSEN <fc CO., 110 GEARY WT.,
. furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, Dbone or mall us your orders: Drompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185.
R-. M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET: ONLY
first-class female help furnished; tel. Mint 904
/ -< OOD WOMAN IS GREATLY IN NEED OF
M work; is willing to do anything; would go by
the day or steady in a good home: is strictly tem-
perate and honest: mnst have work now; no
cards. Please call 726 Mission st.
EFIXED LADY OF BUSINESS ABILITY
would like occupation in Mechanics' Fair as
demonstrator or as representative of some busi-
ness firm. Address MRS. WATSON, 20^ Hardy
St., near Sixteenth.
ANTED-A SITUATION AS FIRST-CLASS
cook, or will co out by the day. Apply at 111
Wlldey st.. In rear, between St.elner and Fiilmore
Bush and Pine; good references.
pOMPETENT MIDDLE-AGED PROTESTANT
\J woman desires a situation to do cooking and
housework; wages $8 to $10; city or country
312 V 2 Minna su, near Fourth.
YOUNG WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO
X do light upstairs work and care for children.
Address or call 1012 Webster st., near Golden
Gate aye.
ESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES SITU A-
tion to do general housework ; good cook and
laundress; many years' reference. Call 350 Pre-
cita aye.
|<V RESPECTABLE WOMAN; IS FIRST-
Xi class cook; understands German and American
cooking; city reference. Call 1212 Scott at.
\\ OMAN WANTS A situation TO DO
11 housework; city or country: wages $12 to $15
Call at 9-24 Washington St.. near Powell.
ROTESJANT GIRL WISHES TO DO LIGHT
housework. Address for 2 days A., box 62
this Office.
(' ERMAN WOMAN WANTS TO DO HOUSE-
_J cleaning by the day; $1. MRS. HILS, 148
Sixth st., room 91.
ELIABLE YOUNG SWEDISH WOMAN
wishes a situation to do sewing and chamber-
work (second girl). Address 1916 Howard st,
/ i ERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION TOIDO
\J housework and cooking; wages 20. Call 628
Fulton st.
YOUNG GIRL WANTS PLACE IN COUN-
X try. Call or i ddress 12 Leroy place, off Sacra-
mento sU, bet. Jones and Leaven worth.
ITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
O Amer.can woman to do general housework or
cooking: reference if required. Address or call
11 r OiK 81*
OU NG REFINED CREOLE WIDOW DE-
X sires a position as housekeeper. Please call
917 Market st.. room 19, second floor.
SITUATION .WANTED BY A COMPETENT
kJ German woman to do cooking in private fam-
Hy; beat references given. Ad. 627V a Birch aye.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTo A SITU a"-
-■"• tlon to do housework, cooking, etc. Call or
address 7 Van Ness aye.
"RELIABLE SEAMSTRESS WISHES STEADY
J-l/ work at sewing or dressmaking. Call or ad-
dress 414 Folsom st.
GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
VJ small family; references; *8. 1916 Pevlsa-
ucro st.
S IT | L T i ON WANTED RY A GERMAN
flTes g aB2 t 94 O Va?.el l o a sU VOrlCOr BeWIDB - "° [ ad "
VV ? MA WISHES TO GO OUT BY THE
1814 H yde d 8U laUndr7 work '" flrstclaM families.
ANTED — MOTHER AND DAUGHTER
noo, WB « '«&??? '?. loiginK-honse; reasonable wages.
Room 6, 864 y 3 Mission st
Y?o U^ », WOMAN WISHES A SITUATION
dress8 d Ma s°on S sT Ork: a « owl c ™1 or ad-
y OUXO GERMAN ****' AH SECOND WORK
t ° ' for chudr en; good references. Apply 1006
yOUNG WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
Eddy, room 20, second floor. Market at. or 16
Eddy, room 20, second floor.
yyO-Vl AN WANTS WASHING AND IRON-
-11 Ing by the day; good laundress. 874 Howard.
r;IRL WAJJTS SITUATION TO DO SEWING
VJ or assist a dressmaker. 142 Seventh st.
B Y fa^ P^ A S^t^ XL " A g^^g
W^g L he V d A ay- T! 32 B V^i X U G AN " **"*'
YBg U h^ou G .ew£k^r!i2 A Grgve A . C u E ° TO
niRL WANTS TO DO HOUSEWORK AND
U cooking; references. 2813Va Bush au
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
\J cooking and general housework; city or conn-
try. Address 29 Pleasant st.
1> ELI ABLE GERMAN WOMAN WISHES TO
XX, do general housework or as housekeeper; no
objection to country; wages $12. 8888 Seven-
teenth au, near Noe.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1896.
SITUATIONS | WANTED-Contlntted^.
SITUATION WANTED BY RELIABLE GER-
man girl to do general housework; . wages $20.
Call or address 1706 Flllmore. •
ITUATION WANTED BY AN ELDiCRLY
SITUATION WANTED BY AN ELDKRLY
Scotch woman to do housework ; good cook and
baker; city or country. Address 136 Fifth St.,
near Howard.
I > EXPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS BITUA-
J V lion to do gene/al housework or cooking in
private family: German preferred. call or address
1801 Mission St., near Fourteenth. -
"II ELI ABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
XV in small family to do general housework and
cooking. Call 1616 Buchanan at., bet. Geary and
Pos:. v
V OUNG LADY WITH KO CHILDREN
J would like a baby to raise: terms $10 a month.
Address MR?. W. BA WVILLE, 32 Natoma st.
ANTr-D— MIDDLE-AGED LADY, RELlA-
ble, wants situation at light housework orcare
of child or Invalid. Room 7, Hancock House,
Mission st , near Fourth. I ' -~:-'_"
WANTED— BY MIDDLE-AGED LADY LIGHT
11 housework. 420 Grove St., downstairs. JVA\
VTKAT SEAMSTRESS WOULD LIKE EM-
-1.1 plovment In private family or dressmaking
shop. ' 148 Sixth st., room 3. •■ •-■
A' OUNG LADY WOULD LIKE TO ASSIST
X doctor with patients; experience in confine-
ment cases. Please call or address 634 Ellis St.,
downstairs. * •
OESPECTABLE GIRL WANTS GENERAL
XL housework; wages $16. Call at 355 Harriet st.
/GERMAN WOMAN SEEKS HOUSKKEEP-
vT ing position; is good seamstress: looks more
for good home than for wages. Piease call or ad-
dress 819 Vallejo st. ■
pOMPETFNT WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
\J the day or housework in the country; private
family. Call or address 617Va Natoma St., bet.
Seventh and Eigh'.b.
WOMAN OF EXPERIENCE WISHES
offices to clean; good references. Address
1207 Market st.
ENTS' SUSPENDERS AND MUFFLERS
GENTS' SUSPENDERS AND MUFFLERS
embroidered to order. Room 3, 1007 Market.
"TVRESSMAKER WISHES ENGAGEMENT
xJ by the day, or will take work home; uses Mc-
Dowell system; terms reasonable. Apply 663
Folaom st.
IOIRST-CLASS HAIR-DRESSER AND MaNI-
-T cure wishes customers at residence. Address
H. D., box 114, Call Office.
YOUNG SWEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUA-
X tion at general housework. Call or address
1135 Florida au
YOUNG REFINED CREOLE WIDOW DE-
X sires a position as housekeeper. 917 Market
St.. room 19, second floor.
"L>Y YOUNG GIRL JUST FROM IRELAND, TO
XJ do general housework. Call at 26 Ringold St.,
bet. Eighth and Ninth, Folsom and Harrison; no
postals. . :.■-,'
/COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND
\J of housework by the day; references. Apply
at 1342 Turk st., bet. Webster and Fiilmore.
W INCUE3 j ER HOUsK. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
TT Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable:
Iree bus and bagpipe to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED-3IALE.
A~Co7~CHI N! .-H AND JAPA-
nese employment olllce. 17 Webb St., below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. W.C. YOUNG, rngr
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT ;
v best help. 314b Sutter st. ; tel. Grant 30.
IIINEsE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLE Y AC O.. 640 Clay.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
oflice; best help. 41 4 1 ._, OTanvll; tel. K. 421
AMERICAN, HONEST, TEMPERATE, RK-
■£*■ liable, wants work; used to city driving, light
wagon, care of horses, etc.; generally useful in
various ways; small wages; reference or security;
personal interview requested. Address S. H..
414 Ivy aye.
T7LDERLY HEALTHY MA , USED TO
XJ kitchen-work, would like have position as
vegetable-man or do any other kind of light work
for his Iving. Please call P. H. BTjHUI.TZ,
227 Minna su. between Third and Fourth..
ARRIED MAN WISHES EMPLOYMENT
in astore or private place the whole or part of
day; can handle a team and willing to do any-
thing in or about the house. Address It., box 121,
Call Office.
QCOTCHMAN, WITH 18 YEaRS' EXPKR'I-
-0 ence in the grocery and provision business,
good ticket writer, wants place: wages, $15 and
board: no reasonable offer refused. R. M. 8.,
box 21, Call.
Jt 1 N GINEKR; STATIONARY AND LOCOMO-
■i rive; all-round machinist: can do plumi.in:,-.
blacksmithing. pipe-fitting; wants work: moderate
wages. Address W. H., box 18, Call Office,
SITUATION WANTED BY AN EXPERI-
O enced grocery clerk German: has tirst-class
references: city or country. Address Clerk, 221
Golden Gate aye.
"L" 1 XPERIEXCEDWINEMAKER AND EXTRA
XJ in bottle wine, married, wants engagement.
W. M., box 79, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER OR OFFICE WORK; 10
1) years' experience: salary no object: no objec-
tion to country. Address M., box 11, Call Office.
ARDENE li AND Ma N ABOUT THE PLACE ;
VJ understands horses, milking and general work:
references. Address Gardener, box 18, Catl Office.
y~man and Wlr K. WITH 2 CHILDREN
1 ' aged 8 and 5 years, positions in winery; man
do cooperaee, repairing, work on ranch or "care for
horses: wife good cook. Call or address 1126
York st.
pELLARMAN WJTH FIRST-CLAMS REFER-
\J ences wants portion; city or country. Address
E. W., box 15, this office.
I y INEMAKER, WITH 8 YEARS' EXPERI-
'I ence and first-class reference, wants position.
Address E. a., box 84. this office.
SITUATION WANTED AS GARDENER, LAB-
orer, vegetable garden or to take care of horses.
Inquire 728 Chestnut su, Oakland. ,
dfcl l\ WILL BE GIVEN TO ANY ONE WHO
1 XV will find gentlemanly young man from the
East work of any kind in office or store: not afraid
of work: can furnish $100 cash security If re-
quired^ Address Security, box 68, Call Office.
LDERI V GERMAN, SOBER AND RELl-
able, willing and used to any kind of work,
wishes situation : city or country; best references.
Address M. M., box 96. Call Office.
ThADY YUUNti MAN D. SIRES SITUA-
k to make himself useful on private place;
understands care of horsei, cows and garden: Is
willing and obliging: first-class references. Ad-
dress S. G.. box 85, Call Office.
YOUNG MAX, SPEAKING FRENCH AND
X Spanishfwishes position of any kind. Address
D. P.. box 68, Call office. _^
BUTLER SITUATION WANTED; THOR-
oughly cxi erienoed. E. H.. box 15, i all Office.
HAMPOOER SITUATION WANTED. G. 8."
box 15. Call Offlce.
COMPETENT 7 " M AN WISHES PLACE AS
\J foreman on farm or stock ranch: northern
part of >tate preferred; married; no children. Ad-
dress G. A. F., Vlsulia, CiU
JAPANESE BOY WANTS A PLACE WHERE
O he can attend day school.* Audress T. W.,22
Prospect place.
MIDDLE-AGED MAN DESIRES SITUATION
as gardener in private family; understands
care of horses: good references. N. 8., box I^2
this office.
yOUNG GERMAN. 20 YRS. OLD, DESIRES
X plac? where he can learn cooking; city or coun-
try. A. P.. box 122. this office.
\y JNCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
if Market— Electric lights in every room: 2011
rooms; 25c to $1 SO per night: $1 50 to $8 per
week: free bus and baggage to and Irom the ferry.
C COMPETENT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
v_' engineer and machinist desires position. Ad-
dregs Engineer, 1189 Markeist.. 8. F., < al.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
11 Market—Electric lights In every room; 201)
rooms: 25c to $1 !>0 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus an* baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED. ~~~
GENERAL HOUSEWORK GIRL.S. CITY, $25
and $20: 2 German or Swedish cooks, $26; 3
German or Scandinavian cooks and housework
girls, city and Oakland, $25. $20: Swedish woman
lor ranch. Napa County, see party here. $15 to
$•-'0 fare paid. C. R. HANSEN <fe CO-, 110
Geary st.
WEDISH NURSEGIRL FOR COUNTRY HO-
tel who can do sewing; child 16 months old.
C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 110 Geary st.
G1 RE EN GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL TO
VJ go to the country: no English necessary: see
party here, $16. C. R. HAN SEN <fc CO!, 110
Ueary st.
AITRESS, HOTEL, CITY: WAITRESS FOR
country hotel. $20; waitress, restaurant, city,
$15 and room. C; R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st.
p ERMAX OR SWEDISH COOK, $30: SECOND
*J girl. $25; laundrt'.is. $25; housework girl,
Oakland, $25; Alameda, $25: and other towns:
10 housework girls city and country. $20 and $25;
8 young girls assist,' $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN.
323 Sutler St. . .
WAITRESS HOTEL, $16; CHAMBERMAID.
$15., MISSCULLEX. 323 Sutter st. .'■■
GERMAN HOUSEKEEPER, $20. MltsaCUL-
I len. 323 sinter st.
OOK. RANCH, $20. GLENN COUNTY. MISS
J CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
R E NCH OR GERMAN NURSERY GOV-
X I erneas. $25; waitress, private family, $25:
nurse $15. Miss CULLEN, 323 Sutler st.
XT EAT REFINED YOUNG GIRL, $15: LIGHT
■Li housework. ■ MISS CULLEN. 323 Sntter st
CANDINAVIAN OR GERMAN HOUSE-
work girl, $30. MISS CULLEN, 323 sutter aU
VI IDDLE-AGED WOMAN ASSIST IN HOTEII
I>J Hum bboltd t County, $ 15. MISS CULLEN, 323
Gutter st. 9
ECOND GIRL, $25; 2 IN FAMILY: REFER-
O encea. MIS- CL'LLFN, 323 Sutter st.
VTEAT CHAMBERMAID, ASSIST WAITING
iy one meal. $16. MISS CUL..EN, 32* Sutter.
'ANTED — GIRL FOR COOKING AND
TT housework, 3in family, a short distance. $25
see lady here at 11 to-day; cook, no wash, $30, see
lady her* at 9 to-day; 3 Protestant second
girls, $20: 5 cooks In American and German
families, $25 and $30; 3 waitresses lv hotel aad
restaurants, $20, $*25 and '$5 week, and a large
number of gills for cooking and housework In city
and country. J. F. CROSETT <t CO., 3 12 butter
HELP WANTED— Continued.
EAD WAITRESS. §26 AND ROOM, CITY":
girl for bakery, etc.: young girl, assist In res-
taurant, $10 to $15 and room: waitress, $15, etc. :
chambermaid and wait one meal, $20 and room:
chambermaid for Truckee, $18 and room; 3 girls
for small hotels, wait, etc., $15 and room; wait-
ress, $5 a week: girl In lamliy of two, $20; girl for
Fifteenth st.. $20: girl for Fair Oaks, $20:. girl for
Polk St., $20; girl in family of two, Suiter St.. $20;
13 housegirls, $15; 12 young girls, *8, $10 and $12
per month, assist, etc., in nice families.. MAR-
TIN's, 749 Market st. . '
Vir ANTED — LAUNDRESS AND ' SECOND
11 work, $25; first-class second girl. $25; French
maid and seamstress, $25: French second girl;
cook, German style, $30: 2 waitresses for board-
ing-house, $20; kitchen maid, $15. LEON AN-
DRE. 316 Stockton st. •
IUEAT MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN ON RANCH.
J-' $15, fare paid: chambermaid, country hotel,
$20; restaurant waitress. $16 and room: girls for
housework, etc. MURRAY <ft READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
GIRLS OF"ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
various positions. German Employment, 306
Mason su
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK; ALAMEDA; NO
washing; $15. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420
Kearny st. I,
\V ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
-11 work, good plain cook, small family, Ala-
meda, wages $20; meet lady at Mrs. Cattell's,
526 Eighth st., Oakland. 10 a. M. Wednesday.
IRL OR WOMAN TO DO HOUSEWORK:
Vj kind to children and understands work; sleep
home; $12 to $15. Apply 1613 Post su, between
10 and 12 a. kT ■ ,;V: -•
"V OUNG GIRL to ASSIST IN light house-
X work. 140% Cumberland st., corner Dolores,
between Nineteenth and Twentieth. .... ,
\ T EAT YOUNG GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK:
•A-' family of 4; wages $15 a month. 810 Mont-
gomery st.
BY SMALL FAMILY— NEAT GIRL ASSIST
 general housework and cooking; $10. 2415
F.llmore su
YOUNG GERMAN OF. SCANDINAVIAN
X girl for general housework. 1127 Golden Gate
avenue.
GIRL FOR HOUSKWORK AND COOKING;
f small family; reference required. 730 Mc-
Allister st.
\KT ANTED^YOUNG GIRL TO HELP WITH
11 light general housework; sleep home. 410
an Ness aye.
IRL FOR HOUSEWORK AND CARE OF
r child; wages $10. 2833 Pine st.
IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK; KEF-
» erenccs: $15. 2806 Mission st.
ANTED— A GIRL ABOUT 17 YEARS TO
TT take care of baby. 1418 Page st.
r OUNG GIRL TO MIND BABY AND ASSIST
X upstairs, *8; refer. 1707 Geary.
\'OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH LIGHT
-1- housework and baby. Call 530 Jersey st.
YOUNG GIRL LIGHT HOUSEWORK. 909
X Doriand, near Church, bet. 17th and 18th.
V OUNG GERMAN GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
X work. 336 Hayes st-
YOUNG GIRL 1 0 ASSIST WITH CHILDREN.
X la 17 Webster st.
V OUNG GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL FOR
X general housework; $15; ref. 906 O'Farrell st.
\\r ANTED— TAILORESS ON CUSTOM COATS.
TT 609^ Natomast.
p IRL WANTED; HOUSEWORK ANDCOOK-
VJ ing. 435 Eddy st.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 1726
O'Farrell st.
W ANTEI7-COMPETKNT GERMAN GIRL
if for cooking and housework. 824 Grove st,
'OUNG GIRL TO HELP TAKE CARE OF
X baby. 608 Oak st.
TMPROVER FOR DRESSMAKING. 623
■L O'Farrell st.
EX I" RIENCKD HANDS ON BUTCHERS'
gowns and bur-coats. 308 Turk.
U' ANTED— DIiESSMAKERS TO CALL AT
M. SKILER <fc CO.'S, 8 Stockton st., where
they can find the best assortment of dress linings,
etc., at lowes. prices.
\\r ANTED— YOUNG GIRL; ASSIST LIGHT
11 housework. 3456 Seventeenth, ur. Valencia.
ANUS ON WRAPPERS AND WAISToI
steady employment. S. STEUER. 126 Elg;ith
TVTEAT YOUNG GIRL FoR LIGHT HOUSE-
-1-* work; good plain cook; 845 California, 10-12.
GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK: WAGES
$10 to $12. 708 Hayes St.
GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF CHILDRENTND
VJ assist light housework. 1451 Leaven worth.
AITRESS WANTED; YOUNG GIRL Foil
TT restaurant: sleep home; $15. 920 Folsom st.
\\T ANTED— A LADY SPEAKING ENGLISH
11 and German to take entire charge of a child 4
years old at hotel; no other duties. Address with
references, which must be strictly first class, 8.-
C box 114, CalL -;.-,,.■ t;
\\T ANTED — STRONG, WILLING HOUBE-
-11 work girl; mnst be good cook and kind to
children; wages $18; call 2to 4 o'clock. 2975
Twenty-fourth st., near Harrison.
p ERMAN SINGLE WOMAN TO CARE FOR
VJ an old lady: references wanted. 22v!0 Fill-
more st., corner Clay.
Y\rANTED-GIRL TO ASSIST IN CARING
if for an infant. Call 9t012 at 2527 Flllmore st,
pOMPETENT GIRL FOR G~elTjE,"b7Xl
\J housework. 3319 Clay st.
I A DIES TO SELL MY TOILET SPECIAL-
ij ties; can learn halrdressing, manicuring and |
beauty culture free. MRS. M. J. BUTLER, 131
Post st. ■ •
\\r ANI ED— FIRST-CLASS GIRL TO WORK
ii on coats. S. MENDELSON, 550 Seventh St..
Oakland.
\\r ANTED— COMPETENT GIRL FOR COOK-
" Ing and housework. 2409 Washington st.
"VTEAT GERMAN GIRL FOR COOKING AND
-l-> housework: $-.'5. Call bet. 10 A. M. an I 2 p. v.,
20.7 Devlsadero su, near California.-
HAIRURES-INO. 25c AND 86c; MORNING
and eve classes: 101eg<on3,Sl 60. 1848 Mission.
PUPILS FOR MILLINERY CLASS FORMING
X this season; thorough and practical: satisfac-
tion guaranteed; rates reasonable or in payments.
Miss Daisy Haake. 14 Chatta'ooga St., betweeen
Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
OPERATORS ON FLANNEL OVERSHIRTB
land underwear. LEVI STRAUSS <& CO., 32%
Fremont st.
rpHE McDowell, largest AND BEST IN
A fact the only first-class, dressmaking school on
the coast. Patterns 25c up. 636 Market st.
j/LYNN'S DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: TUES-
X days free; 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
AIR-DRESSING: MANICURING LESSONS
given JJIS3 DOYLE. 119 a Powell sU, 105 9th.
\\ OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE-
vix Winchester House. 44 Third eU, near Market-
i.oo rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $9
rv.ent:: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED. ~~
■VTJGHT PORTER, WHO CAN TEND~BaST
-i-' $40; must have good references. C. R. HAS-
SEN & CO., 110 Qeary at.
i UTLER, WITH GOOD REFERENCES, FOR
1 ' private family, country, see party here- C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
TRONER AND RUN TYLKR MACHINE, HO-
X. Tel laundry, $30: baker, $0: dinhwasher. $20,
for miners' boarding-bouse: Isecond cook, country
note., $30. C. R. HANSKN & CO., 110 Geary at.
(\ S4- MEN . WOMEN AND CHILDREN
y w. wanted at once to pick hops: 20 tiemakers,
Be MURRAY & KhADY, leading employment
agents, n.i: and 633 Clay st.
l>tiTCHKll FOR A COUNTRY SHOP. $30;
JJ second baker, $25 and found; 6 cooks, 530 and
$50: 4 waiters, $30; 2 walier-boya, $16 aud $20-
-,i dlS vaBners ' * 16 " nd • 20 - MURRAY <fe
pita  ' leadin X employment agents, 634 and
000 Clay st.
j.^NGINEKR FOR A WINERY, $40 AND
x-i found; harness-maker, $30 and found for a
ranch : A Car emer ' clt y work. $2 a day. MURRAY
iTui E i * • fading employment agents, 634 and
cob Clay st. ■.
PLANER HAND, COUNTRY SAWMILL, W4O
J- ana found: 2 men todiga well: 5 prune-pickers,
farmer and wife, $30; choreman for a vineyard; 6
farmers, and m * ny o:her places. MURRAY A
636 Cl a • leadln employment agents. 634 and
000 i lay st.
W ANTED— NEAT COACHMAN FOR A GEN.
»» J!i ema ? f|l stock farm near city, reference re-
quired, salary $26 ana found; 10 more men to
pick grapes and work in winery, etc., for large
vineyard company, $.0 and board, fare $2 85; 50
mc "' women and children to pick hops, nice place,
good pay ; 2 a merican farmhands, near city, $20;
young Irishman, lately arrived, to do chores about
an institution near city, 916 and found, also wash-
ing Tree: neat young man or boy to learn waiting
in country hotel, $15 and found, fare advanced;
milker, $25; also cooks, waller* and dishwashers.
W ■ D. aw ER & CO., 626 Clay st.
\V A iX TEn — SCANDINAN lAN COACHMAN,
' 1 »dO; butler, city; laborers, $1 75 day: butcher
to take interest in shop; American cook for Insti-
tution, $50; second cook, mill trew. $30; German
vegetable man. $25: barkeeper, $26; man and
wife for restaurant work: and others. Apply to
J. F. CHOSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WAITER RESTAURANT, $30 AND ROOM;
II & wallers, $30 and room, dress suits: bell boy,
$15 and room; ranch hand, $10 to $16; man for
private place, $15. etc.; man and wife, light work,
£-0, room, board, etc.: second cook. $30 and room;
?. ar .L to Tun a country shop; 3 dishwashers.
MARTIN'S, 749 Market St.
Air ANTED — FRENCH ASSISTANT COOK,
if young man, $25 to $30 and found: assistant
confectioner, «20; French couple, $50: cook, Ger-
m »°. $35; 2 dishwashers. $15 and $20; etc.
LEON ANDRE. 315 Stockton st.
/ 'EI. MAN OR AMERICAN VINEYARDIST,
» ' w nimaker and cellarman: Etna I vineyard;
married man preferred. Apply at HOTEL (iA-
ZEITE, 420 Kearny st.
JOURNEYMEN'S BARBERS' EMPLOYMENT
secretary. H. BERNARD, 102 Seventh st.
VV , A N TED — NEAT-APPEARING AND
tt large, strong young man, married preferred,
as nii?ht watchman for a private residence in city;
unexceptional references ■as to character, etc.;
salary $5o per month. Address, giving age and
references, S. F., box 84, Call Office.
CITY SALESMAN FOR A SHELF HARD-
ware house, to meet merchants from the
interoir; also a traveling salesman for same line
of business. Apply to U. 8. industrial Agency,
room 165, Crocker building.
ANTED- Continued.:
W ANTED— FIRS>T-CLASS CITY SALESMAN,
if acquainted with grocery and market trade, to
sell salt fish on commission for large bouse. Ap-
ply by letter only, stating references and full par-
ticulars, WALLACE, SEAWARD & CO., 123
California st-
nENTLEMAN WANTS A BOY UNDER 18
v* to travel with him for his board, clothing and
expenses and make himself generally useful; one
without a home preierred. Address, with stamp.
Boy, box 85, Call, stating the year and month
born in. • • ' . * . ■ ■
( 1 ERMAN GIRL WANTS an INDUSTRIOUS
' man as partner with $160 capital in first-class
delicacies, butter, eggs, smoked meat, cigars and
stationery store; will guarantee $50 and board
each by doing our own work. Apply at the place,
304 Fourth St.. irom 9 to 4.
WANT 1-D— TO CALL AT M. SEI-
- »1 LER & co.'S, 8 Stockton st., where they can
nnd the best assortment of trimmings at lowest
prices.
W ANTED— A GOOD GRAVEL AND PLACER
' » miner; one who has had practical experience.
Address, with reference. M., box 43, Call Office.
yOUNG MAN FOR WHOLESALE HOUSE:
x age. references, experience. Address C. R., box
73, this < nice.
T>OY WHO HAS WORKED IN CLOTHING
-»-» renovatory: only experienced need apply. 8
to 10 a. m., 14 Kearny Bt .
ART 81 AN WELL - BORERS; ESTIMATE
wanted at 521 Sixth st. - -
XPERIENCED COATMAKER.' SELIG
BROS., 108 Battery aU: steady job.
pLOTHING " CUTTER WANTED. 20 SAN-
\J some st.
2COATMAKER~S7COUNTRY. APPLY CARO
BROS., 23 Grant aye.
AN TO DELIVER AND COLLECT: $60
cash required. Employer, box 91, CalL
WANTED— TO SET AND DISTRIBUTE
type. 113 Da via st.
OY WANTED TO LEARN A TRADE.
Please write L. 8., 230 Minna st.
(LEANER FOR DYEIiOUSE. GOLDEN
\J Gate Dye Works. 342 McAllister st.
ARBKR WAN AT 307 GRANT AYE.;
young man preferred.
STRONG YOUNG MAN TO TAKE CARE OF
horses, etc 661 Fourth St., hay barn.
Ressman wanted on COATS: also
apprentice boy and girl. 106 Battery st.
pooD BARBER WANTED. 6143,* third
VT street.
RAINER WANTED AT 12 FRONT ST. AT
r 8 o'clock sharp this morning.
MAN ABOUT KITCHEN; SMALL WAGES.
1115 Oak st. ; .-,.;-..
BARBER WANTED— YOUNG MAN PREFER-
red. Thirtieth and San Jose aye. : ••--
-1 OY IN CKRY. POLK AND PACIFIC
l ' streets. : . "■--
\\ A TEH— GENTLEMEN TO TAKE SUNNY
' 1 furnished rooms, *1 up. 217 Second st.
WAXTtD- CARPENTER AM) UPHOL-
- 11 sterer to exchange work for room. 922 Post.
U'AITER WANTED; WAGES $15: SLEEP
1 1 home. 920 Folsom st.
\\T ANTE D-GOOD IRONER ON STARCH
li work: $2 per day. Wataonvllle Steam
Lam.dry, Wataonville, Cal.
■\ OUNO MAN TO LEARN BARBER TRADE:
X board free. 853 Illinois st., Potrero.
WANTED — A YOUNG MAN ABOUT 16
« 1 years of age; must have a little experience In
dry goods. Address M. R.. box 87, this office.
\\r a TED — A F I KSTC LABB SALESMAN":
if we.l acquainted with stoves, graniteware and
crockery. Apply from 3:Si) to 6p. M. 523 Market
s;.. room 7. v
FIRST - CLASS GERMAN SHOEMAKER:
X must speak English. 501 Castro.cor.Elghteentn.
XV ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
if Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less tLin 5 feet 6 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits: able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United states or persons v.-ho have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this Important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements; giving on.nor-
tunitles to visit all parts of the ".orld on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recrnl Ing Office, 20 Ellis aU, San Franclaco. Cal.
OARBERS, ATTENTION— COUNTRY
J-» shop can be bought for $50 down: 2 chairs; 2
baths; balance In easy monthly installments: price
$300. Call at tjECKELMAN BROS.', 106 Ellis st.
ftd'^O A FIRST-CLASS 4-CHAIR HOTEL
vD TrOvf. barber-shop: fixtures cost $800- Ad-
dress R-, box 87, Cal. Office.
\\r E WANT TO ENGAGE ENERGETIC MEN
" and women to represent the "Ladies' Home
Journal." Write or call at 78 Columbian Bid., B. F.
"VfEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION BET.
-1-* 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 16c to
60c;week $1 to $2 50 ;readlng- room strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet: open all night.
\\r ANTED— SEAMAN. APPLY 108 CLARKE
if St.. California House.
WANTED -MEN TO LEARN BARBER
trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given aad
catalogue sent, B. F. Barber School. 151 Howard.
TV"AJNTED-5O MKN FOR SINGLE ROOMS;
TT $1 week, 26c night. 321 Ellis at; Rosedale.
MEN'S HALf-SOLING, 60c.: LADIES, !0c;
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will A Flnck's.S.F'
QOO MEN TO SEE BEST VARIETY SHOW
OV/V/ in town; steam, 10c bottle. 120 Grant aye.
CLOSING OUT NEW AND SECOND-HAND
I shoes at 30c on the $1; this week only. 969
Howard st.
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
J-* P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
ROOMS 150 TO 75c P tit NIGH 600 TO «1 60
per week. Oriental, 225 DrummsU
W ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
11 some simple thing to paten: t Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A PO., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C. for their $1800 prize offer
and Us: of 200 inventions wanted.
rANTE —500 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
TT boots and shoes. E. KF.ND A I.L, 635 Mission.
JARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
J on hand: shoes to order, $3 50; band-sewea
shoes, $5. 7261/2 Howard st., bet. Third and Fourth
Vl,* INCUESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
11 Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
mRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 26c a night: $1 a week.
I INDELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD
■ > ■ ata.; single furnished rma 75c week, 16c night-
S--REii.OVED.FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Ciay: bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, sc.
1* MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
-1 \'V and 200 a night. Including coffee waul rolls.
£24 Washington st,, near Kearny.
BEST IN CITY— SING t E ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25. $1 60 per week.
Pacific .house. Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
\\r ANTED— IiABOKERS. AND MECHANICS
TT to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, ttlU runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 160
large rooms: -5c per nigh:.-. $1 to $3 per week.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
v«ek; rooms for two, 260 a day, $1 60 a week,
rcadlng-room : daily papers. 36 Clay st. ■
fc/» EN TO FEEL) MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
■I' I all grocers keep IL
\\' ANTED, TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
'T ermtclerka. KNOX Collection Agcy. 110 Butter
WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
*' your old shoes and make them like new; done
while you wait: ladles' soleing, nailed 35c: men's
soleing, nailed 60c.; machlne-aewed 75c.; hand-
sewed 65c; fine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 26c. up to
»2 50. 662 Mission bu. bet. First and second.
AGENTS WANTED.
"ENORMOUS PROFITS— MEN WANTED^ IN
XV every county on the Pacific Coast to sell the
"Lightning Scissors Sharpener": best seller to be
found; send 25c for sam pie and terms to agents.
Address E. C. STOWE, box 841, San Jose, Cal.
AGENTB; 810 MONEY; LATKBT PROPOSI-
-t\. tlon. Baxter Portrait Co., 432 Sutter st.
GENTS! BRVAN. SEWALL AND FREE
silver; McKtnley, Hobart and protection;
every voter will buy one or the other: do you want
the profit? T. PERSON, Manager Subscription
Department The Whltaker «fe Ray C 0. .723 Market.
ROOMS wanted. ~ :
WA^fTE^B^MXRTRIEIj~c6uTPLE7*F^ONT
suite In strictly private family (not house-
keeping) north of Hayes st. Address T. X., box
74, thla office - ■ ■
FURNISHED HOUSES WANTED.
\\r ANTED— FOR THE WINTER, SMALL
it sunny fiat; completely furnished; near Hyde
and >>'Fitrr-ll streetcars. Add. G. J., box 36, Call.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
lAUNDRYkWAGON^ PREFERRED
XJ with small route. 8 East st , near Market.
"RESPONSIBLE PARTY TO l:ENl DINING-
XV room first-class hotel; rent taken in hoard.
Brunswick Hotel, cor. Ninth and Washington sis.,
Oakland.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING .AN D JEW-
O elry to A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth au; 'send postal
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry to A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth st. ; send postal.
Ll) GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
\J iv. watches repaired. MUND. 31 33^ Mission.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
•EVRA NX 'sHatTaTT ORN E Y- A T-L AW. ROOM
J} 421. fourth floor, Parroti building (Emporium).
JOHN E. i.ICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
26 and 27, Crocker building; telephone Main
75, Han Francisco, Cal. . ' '
OUX R. AITKKN AND MAURICE L. ASHER.
<J attya at law, rtus 516.616. 5-h floor, Parroti bldg.
PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIES.
■VIEW HOUSE JUSTOPENED.I24% GEARY;
J-i full line latest, and best: cameras repaired:
nee dark room; send for catalog. Cal. Camera Co.
JtE? 1 ** 1 - 88 CHANCES.
t7^o PARTNER IN A FINE-PAYING
MP I UU. business: on investigation it will in-
terest you. LUBELSKI & CHASE, 7 City Hall
avenue. J
Si 9f\() CIGAR-STORE; SEE IT IMMEDI-
— tJV. ately; best bargain ever offered In San
Francisco. LUBELSKI A CHASE. 7 City Hall
avenue. , , * ■
$1 00 El* X I J STOKE: GOOD LOCAL-
A*r> I' Vrlth liv lnc-roomB in connection
and horse and wagon: stock all fresh and this is
paying well. LUBELSKI & CHASE. 7 City Hall
avenue.
000 PARTNER IN ELEGANT PAY-
$.;i i,V ing office business; a rare chance for
the right man; the ful est investigation and trial
If required: object for taking partner is too much
other business. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
•ftfiOO PARTNER IN STATIONERY BUSI-
tipUUU. ness across the bay; flu- locality: good
stock and fixtures: only object in taking partner
is to have interested party in the business.
LUBELSKI & CHASE, 7 City Hall aye. PustDeaB -
-<Si7(iO ONK OF THE FINEST RESTAU-
tiPIW.rants in city: good location; dome
business of $40 per day; established 26 years- has
always made money; stand full investigation-
reason for soiling, owner moving into own Droo-
erty. LUBELSKI <fe CHASE, 7 city Hall aye.
ffljftrwi FINE RESTAURANT: ONE OF
«IPUV/\/. the best locations in city; cheap rent;
receipts $20 per day: this is the besi bargain in
the city; or will trade for good small piece prop-
erty. LUBELSKI & CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.
7 AH CIGAR AND STATIONERY STORE
Op i \J\J. near park: building included: suitable
for man and wife. STENBKRG CO., 632 Market.
*££kfififi SALOON; MARKET ST.: GRAND-
iK)O\J\J\J. est fitted up place on the coast; 2
cash registers, safe, etc. ; large and only Al stock;
low rent: long lease; by big odds finest day saloon
In town; more than value insight: bargain offered
this week only ; retiring from business reason for
selling. BERG CO., 632 Market st.
C*99^ SALOON; THIRD ST., NR. RAIL-
»JpJ-^«J. road depot; beat location: receipts av-
erage $12: senuine bargain. STERN BERG &
CO.. 632 Market st . -;,.--
fflji Of\l\ RESTAURANT AND OYBTER-
nP-LOv/VJ. house; best location: nicely fitted
up; 5 private rooms; genuine bargain to cash
Dnyer: see for yourself: or exchange for real estate.
STENBERG & CO.. 632 Market sU
SALOON; RESTAURANT; 26 FURNISHED
0 room* : will sell or exchange for property; rare
chance to suitable party. STENBERG & C 0. ,632
Market st. .; ;■ ■
©Q^H LOON, DOING GOOD BUSINESS.
t^OOXJ. STENhERG <fc CO., 632 Market at.
dfc 4. P. A CORNER SALOON: WATER FRONT:
•JIT ic*V/. good paving business: stock worth
double the price. WILKE, 531 California st.
Ot 1 000 coffee LOON ; choicest
ijTIUvU. downtown location; doing large busi-
ness. WILKE & WoLF, 631 California st.
ffljQOO 8 A LOON, CALIFORNIA AND
<IPOv/v/. Kearny sts.: low rent; first-class pay-
Ing place; actual value, $1200. WILKE, 531 Cali-
fornia Hi.
ft'' oo SALOON ESTABLISHED YEARS,
*iP*J\r\J. Market st-; average daily ncelptsslB
guaranteed; rent, $65. WILKE, 531 California su
ftl 700 CORNER GROCERY, BAR; CALI-
*H)X Iw. fornlast.: doing large cash business;
rare chance: investigate at once. WILKE &
WOLF, 631 California st.
I/ARROOM ON market, near THIRD;
• > $600: sacrificed on account 111-health of owner;
rarest chance; full Investigation given. WILKE,
531 California st.
ft OKNKB CROCERY AND BAR;
«IP<JV/V/. living-rooms: rent $30: doing good
business: choice location. WILKIE <fc WOLF, 531
California st.
TpOBUYORSEUA BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
■L see MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
ft9E>o RESTAURANT; JUNCTION OF
tiP-jUU. principal street; car lines: regular and
transient trade: doing good business: (sickness).
See MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
<J]»«.n PER MONTH INTEREST AND A 6-
«iP — L room house free for an investment of $500,
which buys 2 hous-s and large stable. MYERS
ftOHAHAM, 777 Market st.
BUTCHERS. ATTENTION —THE FINEST
butcher-shop in San Francisco, doing a large
business: this Is a bargain that will not last: in-
cluding all the utensils sqch a place requires; this
business Is open for investigation: no reasonable
offer refused. See MYERS & GRAHAM, 777
Markei. St. ; V ; .
ftd^O RESTAURANT, LUNCH COUNTER
W^O\J. and bar: line stock of liquor and uten-
sils; in the midst of the working class; fu'l invea-
tigation. See MYERS <fe GRAHAM. 777 Market.
©'JOFL FINE RESTAURANT AND OYsTER
<p«->_iO. parlor; half block from Market bu. In
midst of leading theaters and business houses. See
GRAHAM & MYERS, 777 Market St.
DON'T BUY~OR SKI.I. A BUSINESS UNTIL
yon have seen GUS STRAND, 45 Third at.
GROCERY AND BAR: FULL VALUE IN
« sight; pays well; good room: bargain, this
week. See GUS STRa M), 45 Third st
LOON AND LUNCH HOUSE: WELL-
fitted-np building, including long lease; great
sacrifice. See GUS STRAND, 45 Third bu
OTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS:
new 6-story and basement brink building, con-
taining 98 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
llghied basement; centrally located, halt block N
of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building; newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to b. SLLViiRBERG, 320
bansome St.. room 39 .
T^OR SALE— ONE OF THE OLDEST ESTAB-
X! lished liquor-saloons in the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
in fine order: has a tine day and night trade; situ-
ated In the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached; sickness the only reason for selling. Ad-
dress for particulars M. M.. oox 100. CaU Office.
T GREAT SACRIFICE.
A large and complete stock of human hair
switches, front pieces, wigs, fancy goods and fix-
tures, formerly the property of MRS. HUBBARD.
Inquire atDAVIS. ha HER & CO.'S, 211 Pine st.,
or at 1310 and 1312 Market si.
ffl» X(\~~ FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE;
tip^±V. rent $12; bargain. SKIFF, 921 Market.
ft! OK BRANCH BAKERY. CANDY AND
•_ i- -«J- notion store; 3 rooms; rent $15; north
Market: finely fitted. SKIFF, 921 Market st.
T3ARE CHANCE— FRENCH LIQUOK-STORE;
XV principal corner of city; old established; doing
good, steady business: must be seen to be appre-
ciated; sold account of old acre. L. S., box 16, Call.
ft TOO FOR SALE— FIRST-CLASS SALOON
W I V/U. in wholesale district; no night or Sun-
day work; a bargain: principals only; good cause
for selling. Address Saloon, box 99, Call Office.
FOR SALE — BAKERY AND VARIETY
store surrounded by schools and factories; 6
rooms attached: low rent with lease: owner goes
to Europe; no agents. Inquire at Call Office.
ALFOR WHOLE OF FINELY FITTED UP
restaurant on city front: increasing trade;
low rent; perfect order; sacrifice to cash buyer;
trial given. Apply office Bay City Market.
"DICYOLE STORE AND REPAIR SHOP;
XJ well established; good location: full line oj
bicycles, sundries, tools, oven vulcanizer; opening
for a machinist. 1113 Market st. -
\\r ANTED— AN INDUSTRIOUS MAN AS
'I partner with $'200 in beat-paying cash busi-
ness: no liquor: will clear $60 each by doing our
own work 1107 Folsom st.
(j>yp:AA WILL BL'Y HALF-INTEREST IN
<JpDOv/v'one of the best paying hotels in the
city; investigation invited. Address S., box 52,
Call Office.
DELICACY STORE AND GROCERY; GOOD
business; near large school; no opposition;
snap: make offer at Call office. ■;.:■-.
1 OR SALE, CHEAP— CANDY-STOJIK AND
i icecream parlor, with all fixtures for manufac-
tnrlng. 2413 Mission st.
(JiQC AVERAGE WEEKLY NET
«JpO«J $250 invested: safe. conservative; prospec-
tus, proofs, free. F. DALY, 1293 Broadway. N.y.
T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. V OWAN BUYS
stores: negotiates mortgages on merchandise:
sells on commission. Room 15,26 Montgomery.
<JM / lOfi HALF- INTEREST II? WELL-
1 Ul/U. paying brewery, near city; no experi-
ence required. Address a, box 60. Call Office.
T/"OR SALE — FIRST-CLASS CORNER SA-
-T loon, with furnished rooms; part on time. In-
quire Milwaukee Brewery, 482 Tenth su
mHE TRANSFER restaurant FOR PALE.
1 3321 Mission st. : receipt^ $20 a day; this Is a
chance for restaurant men.
d>l F\(\ CIGAR-STORE." WHOLESALE "DIS-
«JpIcM/. trie : full value In stock: good busi-
ness; rent $20. 26 First. : "
ff»£/\n RESTAURANT AND 6 ROOMS UP-
«Jpv)v/V». stairs; fine location. DECKER, 1020
Market st.
NEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY'
L> close to San Francisco. For particulars aonlv
this office. .* *
S" TOCKS OR STORES BOUGHT; CASH-
-0 snort notice. 1037 Mission st., basement, left!
$97^ CIGAR-STAND FOR SALE; A COR
j-i 10. ner. Apply 102 Ellis, Florence House
GOOD CASH BUSINESS. APPLY AT ONCE
T. A. ANDERSON, 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
/^EXIIEMAX PARTNER WANTED; $35
VT capital: good business. R. 8, 121 Montgomery.
DAIRY AND PRODUCE BUSINESS^ 4 LlV-
iiiK-rooms, for sale cheap. 1008 Hyde st.
FOR SALE-EX AM 1 N ER~ ROUTE IN CEN-
ter of Oakland. HILL, 11 48 Chester st.
.ft') 0() A BARGAIN -GROCERY STORE.
<pO\J\J. Call Vermont and 23rd.
S A Ho°w°a?da A D 2 ROOMS TO LET. 829
V? i ALE 7 FINE CIGAR-STAND. OWNER,
JL Oil LiUSJI St.
ICE" SALOON ~~FOR SALE~CHEAP: 817
-i." Kearny st.
$7f>. AR-STAND. 131 EDDY ST. 4
_ „ _ PHYSICIANS.
T)^ m .O'DOSKELL, 1206 MARKET, COR.
XJ % Golden Gate aye. ; diseases of women a specialty.
1 vON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market st.; his 30 years'
acccessful practice is a guarantee of lair treatment;
me worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
WRITERS^ ~
C'ALIGRAPH, $15: REMINoTON, $35. SCOTT
/ & BANN AN, 333 Montgomery su
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
p:n-ROOM HOUSE: CLEARING $100. . ..$lOOO
«)v/ 24 rooms: new and good 500
6 rooms bath: flat: worth $500 .". 225
30-room house: $500 cash, baL payments... ltiOO
22 rooias: corner house: new ■„ 1700
14 rooms; boarding- house; 40 boarders 125*1
90 rooms: guaranteed to clear ov«.r $150 3700
18-room house on Sixth st 400
Hotel and rooming-houses; all sizes and prices.
Apply to H. C DECKER & CO., 1020 Market
st, opposite Frth. .
ai('f\(\ LODGING HOUSE: GREAT BAR-
<JUUU. gain: '.'5 rooms near Market and Fifth;
first floor occupied as offices; uood furniture:
worth $1200. Apply 917 Market St., room 2.
JE-ROOM, CORNER HOUSE, SUTTER ST.;
w clears monthly $250 above expenses: price,
$3000: rent. $125. WILKE, 531 California.
ORNEK LODGING-HOUSE: 32 ROOMS'
\J well fnr.iished ; rented. STRAND, 45 Third.
I/ 1 urnishTed HOUSE 6 ROOMS at sac
■T flee: 2 rooms rented. 620 Larkin st.
ffi-1 CM 7 FURNISHED RO MS: a.i.L KciST-
t!rJ-«-lv». cd. 403 Stevenson st., cor. Fifth.
OUSE 11 ROOMS FOR SALE; CHEAP.
Call 233 Third; no postals.
QA HOUSES; $300 TO $8000. PHELPS <fc
O\J CO.. 917 Larkin su
BARGAIN: FINE WELL-FURNISHED
house; 20 rooms; steady, well-paying, respect-
able class of patronage. 25 Ninth su; no agents.
"1 CA ROOMING HOUSES FROM $250 TO
1«)U $10,000. See UNDERWOOD & CO., 766
Market st.
FURNITURE FOB SALE.
"IJURE SALE"! " ~~~~~ ~~»~~.
X Prices stand till goods an completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed Beta $1850
Bcdlounges .. 800
Btoves ! 751)
Carpets, per yard 65
Linoleum, per yard... 65
Matting, per yard 10
♦ Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. 1 111 inch time we axe conducting business
NOol?\.N Seventh and Mission au. J.
"CIURNISHED FLAT ON A VALENCIA-ST.'
x comer for sale at a great sacrifice if sold this
week; 6 rooms and bath completely and newly
furnished for housekeeping: must be sold on ao-
-52. 11 departure; no agents. Address D. N. E.,
box 112, Call Office.
T L. J. -NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
400 CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS. $TtT
™" stoves. $5: parior sets, $20: folding-bed*
$10: hed-onnges. $7; T. n. McCarthy 112 4th.
furniture WANTED.
FFICE FURNITURE- WILL PAY HIGHEST
v' price for second-hand office desks or take
them in part payment for new. GEORGE H.
FULLER DESK CO.. 638 and 640 Mission st.
QECOND-HAND FURNITURE AND OFFICE
0 fixtures wanted to fill country orders. 7 City
Hall aye. .- •
rPO SELL FURNITURE TO ADVANTAGE TRY
X M. SILVERSTEIN.969 Howard st. ;send postal
BUCKINGHAM FURNITURE CO PAYS
J » highest price for furniture, carpets, etc. ; send
postal. 866 Mission st.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNC-
tore and merchandise see BURP, 211 Larkin.
J~" C. MUTHER, 632 MARKET, PAYS HIGH
• est cash prices for furniture and merchandise-
INDIANa AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
J. SIMMONS' Ace. Co.. 1057 Market, pays cash
carpet CLEANING.
QC A YARD a^^reTt^w^ste^n^cTSpet
0 Cleaning Works. 11 Eighth st.
ONES <fe Ca. MAIN OFFICE 25 AND 27
Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 1061. .
pARPET CLEANING, 3c.: LAYING, 3a ; RUO
V. samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stralton. 19 Bth st.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPAULDING*S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st- : tel. So. 40.
1 ton klijvs CARPET beating" WORKS. Sit
v-' Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 126.
ITY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
Un?, 38 Bth. STEVENS, msrr. TeL (south 250.
pARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATKQ
\J like sew. FERGUSON & CO. 23 Tenth: t*L
600 th 3«. D. mackintosh & CO., successors.
"1 E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 2411
(' . 14th au ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
BICYCLES.
BICYCLES AND TANDE^?B^BeIIOW^COSI\
to close out stock. W. CRANE. 32 Post st.
OWLER AND BEX HUR, $60: BEN HTJR
! tandem. Tribune tandem, good as new, $100;
all above '96. DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
08. SALE— NEW 1896 BICYCLE; $3tt
J DAVID N. HAWLEY, 318 Market St.
BARGAIN IN A STEARNS TANDEM; ALSO
single wheels. 306 Post st.
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO lBT;
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
Al'ister and Powell st- car lines. ~ .- ■
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
~S>-\ A DOMESTIC SEWING- ■MACUINeT^
1 \J. drawers; all attachments. 2437 Mission
St.. near Twenty-first.
N OPEN-FACE 14-KARAT. SPLIT-SECOND
chronograph watch, cost $200, for $90 at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
BARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV-
ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
pOFFEE MILL, SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
\J stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. 102 Clay.
WO. 1 FRESH COW. F.W. HUTCHISON, COR-
-L« ncr Sutter and Claremont aye., Temescal.
■VTEW '96 BICYCLE CHEAP. 317 THIRD
i-X st., upstairs.
YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT-
tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First au,
near Mission.
SPLENDID REMINGTON TYPEWRITER,
$45: others from $20 up. REVALK, 409 Cat.
rJOILERS,ENGINES,2D-HANDMACHINERY.
J-? waterplpes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beala.
pOUN T E R a SHELVING. SHOWCASES
Vbars bought <fe sold. 1121^ Markt.bet 7th & Btn
ALL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
cost; hood tops, $5 50 up: repairing; open
evenings. 8. F. Baby Carriage Mfg. Co. . 442 Sixth.
GOOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
r pulleys, shafting, etc. W. L. BANFORD,
415 Washington st.
O HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
& glne; good as new; $90. Apply 216 Bay at.
, UILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES
• ' doors, mantels, etc tot Bale, 1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
fire and bnrglar proof safe. 09. 11l Market st.
EW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND*
1> hand. W. S. RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California st.
sewing machines.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANOEA
rented, repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
— LOST.
lOST— ON 2P. M.; TRIP SUNDAY. AUGUST
J 30. either on boat or train net. San Francisco
and Alameda. a N. S. G. W. shield pin, name on
back Edward Griffin. Finder will please return
same to station D., P. 0., and receive reward,
OST— MONDAY MORNING ABOUT 8:15, ON
north side of Twenty -fourth st., bet. Shotwell
and Mission, lady's gold watch and fob-cnain; re-
ward. 927 Shotwell st.
OST— ON MABKKT CR KEARNY, A GOLD
bar breastpin containing two Jewels. Please re-
tun, to room 317, Safe Deposit building, and re-
ceive reward.
N LARKIN ST.. HANDBAG: JEWELRY,
money, papers: God sake re urn; poor wid-
ow's only possessions; liberal reward. 2304 Van
Ness aye.
OST— AUGUST 22, BROWN SPANIEL DOG;
J -i name Sport; suitable reward. Return to 1315
Howard st.
OsT— SHORT SEALSKI CAPE AT METRO-
politan Temple Monday eve.. Return to this
office.
T OST— LADY'S SILVER WATCH; HAVES
XJ st., bet. Goughand Larkin; liberal reward. 317
Gough st. -,■'-.■-
A X GRAY GREAT DANE, COLLAR, Ll-
cense No. 13-8. Return 936 Haight: reward.
FOUND.
OUXD^A TXN^E^r~B7cYCLE^ NEAR
Colma. Owner can have same by proving prop-
erty and paying for advertising, etc., by applying
to P. E. KELLY, agent for San Francisco Call,
Col ma, Cal.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
'^>vTclilraE^^m^v7jß^ r E"LAW^
A alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., a*»
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
V[OAH F. FLOOD, LAWYER, 636 parrott
1' buildinc: consultations free; moderate fees.
EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
out publicity; advice free and confidential. J.
Q. JEFFREYS, 402 Montgomery St., room 18.
DVICKFREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.
\\T F. ARAM. ATT'Y-AT-LAW. SBI PARROTT
fi. bldg. Practices in all courts -.charges moderate
W. KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW CHRON-
• lcle oldg; advice free; moderate: open evngs.
PARTNERSHIP NOTICES. ~
jnOi'ARTNERSHIP NOTICE -Vhe'cndeS
\J signed have this day formed a copartnership
under the firm name of MARTIN & MARKS for
the purpose of transacting a general real est urn
business, PATRICK J. MARTIN
edmund marks, ■ ' '
San Francisco, September 1, 1898. 8 "'*
TO LEASE. ~~
F"^iT^NT7jK''l.EASh:_so-VA"RX^OT r^"
cor. Polk and Jackson sts.: rein $50 £r
month. Address J. &, 427 Sansoine at. S?IP ***■HOUSES TO LET.
1 1 LIBERTY', NEAR~vIXE^CIX~MISPioN
1 1 warm belt; house 8 rooms and ba'.h; large
yard: cheap. Inquire 706 Ivy aye.
1 7H7 JO * ST. NEAR BROADWAY — 4
X I \i i sunny rooms; rent $14.
Ql X -MONTHLY— MAKE YOUR RENT PAY
»|pXO for a nice new 5-room and bath cottage on
Diamond st: only $10u cash required: street work
done. Apply to BALDWIN _ HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery st, or at 3207 Twenty- second St., cor.
Mission, evenings after 7:30.
UJ-Qp KACII; 1404 AND 1406 CALIFORNIA
•rO«J St., nr. Hyde: 2 fine houses of 10 rooms and
bath 111 each; reduced from $45: handy to town,
fine location, etc. : a bargain. SHAINWALD,
BUCKBEE A CO., 218 and 220 Montgomery st.
1 Of|(.| SUTTER-NICE SUNNY HOUSE OF 10
JOUJrooms; large closets; bath; rent $46;
water included. ■:■. :■• _•
H" OCSE FIVE ROOMS: IN GOOD ORDER;
rent $8. Corner Greenwich and Kearny sts.
QOn 2814 LAGUNA ST.; HOUSE 6 ROOMS.
<p^.\J. $14—1831 Union St.; house 4 rooms.
•VTICELY FURNISHED HOUSE IN WESTERN
— Addition; 9 rooms. Apply 624 'Sansome st.
OUR PRINTED LI-Tr MAKES HOUSE-
hunting a pleasure; call or send for one.
t-HAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO., 218 and 220
Montgomery st.
C~IH_AP ELEGANT RESIDENCE: SW. COR.
I California and Laguna sts. Go see It. -
OUSES TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st
PLENDID 12-ROOM HOUSE. 3392TWENT-S-
-0 first street, cor. Guerrero, suitable for board-
lng or private residence: very lew rent *■(■<• It.
COTTAGES TO LET.
Bay-'wTndowTo'ttage, NEARLY
tjpll. new; 4, rooms. 107 Collins St., nr. Geary.
UNNY MODERN COTTAGE, 6 ROOMS AND
bath; large flower garden and cellar. 613 Grove.
909^ MISSION— SPLENDID COTTAGE 8
— O— _ rooms and bath; yard; flower garden: $18.
Ql O FOURTEENTH-COTTAGE, 6 ROOMS,
OxO bath, large yard, stable: rent or lease.
EDUCED ALL THOSE NICE HOUSES ON
Geary. Sutter, Franklin and other streets; get-
list; good tenants wanted. SPECK _ CO., -602
Market st _
FLATS TO LET.
UM3E^^FM^"ER^Ti_VT^rsl6Tsii, $20.
— > $25. $35; porcelain baths; latest plumbing.
Apply 112 Scott st., near Halght
, OAR LOMBARD, NEAR DUPONT-OHEAP-
"OUU est flats in town: 5 rooms and bath; re-
duced to $13: nice order.
fWJ. SIXTH, NR. BRYANT— NICE FLAT
*J__ 4 large sunny rooms; $13.
17 AC POST— 3 AND 4 ROOM SUNNY FLATS:
1 I \J\J garden; bath: $13 and $16.
FLOma TURK— REAR SUNNY UPPER FLAT;
O-.U all light rooms; rent $12.
<5«7 UPPKR FLAT: 4 BOOMS. YARD AND
O » » water; all separate. 1111 Elm aye.
ORNEK MIDDLE FLAT; 419 THIRD ST.: 7
VJ rooms and bath; rent $30. Key at 417 Third.
"I OWER SUNNY FLAT, 3 JANE PLACE,
JU near Mason St.; no car fare; healthy; $12.
IF YOU WANT A NICE SUNNY FLAT,
house or cottage, see us; we have some nice fur-
nished cottages to let LUBELSKI _ CHASE,
7 City Hall aye.
Q Q 3 ROOMS: GOOD ORDER; UPPER PART
«IpO. of house. 305 First .-it., above Folsom.
UNNY FLAT 6 ROOMS: BATH; YARD;
cellar; cheap. 3975 • rmy, nr. Sanchez.
o7v LOWER BAY WINDOW FLAT: 6
0— "• roams; bath: modern Improvements.
ApDly 1118 Green st., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
I/'URNISHED FLAT; 4 ROOMS; RENT *18.
£ 2533 Mission st
FLAT OF FIVE SUNNY ROOMS; BATH.
1613 Folsom st., near Twelfth.
XI OUR PRINTED LIST OF PLACES TO
let; will save you lots of time. SHAIN-
WALD, BCCKBEE _ CO.. 218-220 Montgomery.
\\, r ANTED— 2OO GOOD TENANTS; RENTS,
" from $10 up for flats, cottages. SPECK A
CO., 602 Market st
Q SUNNY FLATS; 4 AND 3 ROOMS EACH;
0 $11, $10 and $9. 2041 Harris n. opp. 18th.
HOICK bUNNY FLATS: 6 AND 7 ROOMS;
\J bath: Park view. 1314-1316 Fell, nr. Baker.
FLA TS TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
_ money at BALDWIN _ HAM3IOND'S, 10
■Montgomery st.
LEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
■L" low Bryant, 6 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 10 $16.
QIQ MIDDLE SUNNY FLAT 4 ROOMS,
OXO. Bath, yard. 10 Snotwell. nr. Fourteenth.
Q9Q FLAT, 5 ROOMS, BATH, HOT AND
<p — ».). cold water. 410 Eddy st.
© 1 '_> NICK FLAT; 4 ROOMS. 14 MOSS ST.,
V X O. bet, Sixth and Seventh, near Howard. 1
I^l9l MISSION— FIat 6 LARGE, SUNNY,
XUXOs paoered rooms; b_h; laundry; water
free. - •
09] P. A FINE UPPER CORNER FLAT; 6
.L.iJVJ rooms »nd bath; porcelain tubs;
rent reduced. Cor. Pine and Baker fits.
T, LAT— II 2O BROADWAY; 4CHOICE SUNNY
J rooms; $14.
1 90. ASH" AVK..OFF MCALLISTER. ABOVE
-1 — Polk— Sunny lower flat; $15.
1119 UNION"— 5 ROOMS, BATH, $17 50:
111- 1108 Union, 7 rooms, bath, $20: 801
Union, 3 rooms, $12: 25 Minna. 4 rooms, $11.
L' KEN\'H FLAT: 4 ROOMS, BATH; WASH-
X house and stationary-tubs. 3941 Gu rrero st.
"I/ L A T : 3 ROOMS.BATH: NEWLY PAPERED;
X Mission warm belt. 3513 21st, nr. Valencia.
"VTJCK UPPER FLAT; 6 ROOMS: NEWLY
— > renovated; rent reasonable. 327 Halght st.
Q1 9 FLAT 4 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS. 257
QX.4.. Lore st., off Harrison, near Ninth.
■VTICE SUNNY FLATS: 4 OR 5 ROOMS:
— > bath: reasonable. 8 Dearborn st, oft! seven-
teenth, above Valencia.
*S 9, LOWER FLAT: 6 SUNNY ROOMS.
O.tlv. «75 Sanchez St.. near seventeenth.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ T__
■n. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.
t-'lay Street. " "^
9Q07 AY - LARGE FRONT ALCOVE
— <J\J • rooms and front ana back parlor.
1 ill more Street.
OTA 3 large sunny rooms TO small
t_ XW. family. 2212 Fillmore at, near Clay.
A nth Street.
09X FIFTH-CLEAN FURNISHED HOUBE-
O-U keeping; 3. $13; 2, $10; single. $5.
Howard Street.
E. O HOWARD — LARGE, SUNNY FUR-
«'v«J nished housekeeping room to let; rent
cheap.
1 I 49 HOWARD-2 SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
-LJ rr^ furnished housekeeping rooms; range-
rent $10. '
Ift OK ?°1 VAKD - 2 ROOMS <; .M PLETE
1 \J\J\J for housekeeping; gas; private family.
I ROd HOWARD, COR. FOURTEENTH-3
X iJ\'\J or 4 sunny rooms: cheap.
Kearny Street. *
r OR LKSS ROOMS. KEARNY. NEAR SUT-
-0 ter; gas and water free. Ap; ly 15 Grant aye.
Larkin Street. ~~
J9Q LARKIX — NiCELY FURNISHED
n_ t/ sunny rooms for housekeeping; also single.
SlcAllister street.
1 0,34 McALLISTET^TWO LARGE UNFUR.
X UOI nislied rooms; bay-window; hot and
cold water, and use of bath; rent $10.
3i 111 11 a -tree..
A 1 Q MINNA— FRONT~ROOM AND KITCH-
_ 1 O en: first floor; furnished for housekeeping.
J. IMs 011 MIBB..
1917 MISSION - SUNNY FRONT FUR-
1— 1 i nished rooms, complete for housekeep-
Ing! also single. *^
1 909 MISSION - NICELY FURNISHED
1 ZjjLZ. rooms; complete for housekeeping; gas
and bath.
Nut 0111:1 Street.
c c ' NATOMA— 2 SUITS i>F HOUSEKEEP-
-000 Ing rooms and yard; $8 and $10 |er month.
. New Montgomery street.
IAC NEW MONTGOMERY — NEWLY PA-
I \JO pered front furnished housekeeping suite-
cheap.
Norfolk Street.
SUNNY BEDROOM AND KITCHEN IN SEP-
-0 arate building, furnished complete for house-
keeping; running water; yard. Call upstairs, a 2
Norfolk St., pit Harnso 1, near Eleventh.
. • Octavia Street.
1 403 P C TAVIA, COR. GEARY -FRONT
X \Jf.J bay window, furnished or partly kitchen
optionaL
O'__rrell street.
9991 O'FABIIELL— NICELY FURNISHED
— '— '— "A sunny rooms, with kitchen, for faousekpg.
Peart street.
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA—
O Alcove room and kitchen; well furnished; $15.
; dan Jose Avenue.
9Q78 SAN JOSE AYE.— TO LET, FUBNISH-
-00 I ed rooms for housekeeping.
south J'arK.
1 A SOUTH PARK —FURNISHED ROOMS
houcekeeping; sun all day. ■
biockion Place.
200 STOCKTON, NE. COR. GEARY— 2 OR 3
_"' J^unny unfurnished housekeeping; cheap.
• hatter Street.; '.'
739 RUTTKR-NICELY FOBNISHED FRONT
. •,« J — room with liiichen. | 1
HOUSEKEEPING KOO3IS — Continued.
t ixtn Street.
lOC SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY
x — *.) housekeeping rooms and others.
Tenatna Street.
AAQ TEfIAMA — 2 SUNNY ROOMS FOR
i JO housekeeping, connected; well furnished.
Washington Street.
r /-19 WASHINGTON — SUNNY U N F U R -
%j\j£i msht'd housekeeping rooms; ruunlsg
water. ZIEGLER BROS.
31 is veil a iie oils.
991 GEARY, ROOM 37— ROOM AND HOUSE
—— 'I renting ngency: no fee for registering.
BOOMS TO LET.
i-'Kiifli Mice.
CHEKMAN APARTMENT MOUSE. 2* RTH
>. sts near Market: )urii:sh« 1 and unfurnished.
i-Uiiy Street.
"11 O EDDY— BAY-WINDOW FRONT SUITE;
— XO cheap: other newly furnished rooms; $5 up.
91 A KDDY — FURNISHED ROOMS WITH
*. J \J us- of bath; 1 or 2 gentlemen.
r*A'_> EDDY— LARGE SUNNY ROOM,; FIBE- j
\J\JO place: well furnished. j
_iijK siveet.
rpHB RAMONA. 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE 8.
X HART, manager— A quiet house; rentr%lly lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator: hot A cola water.
09 1 ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
O_rl. lodging we recommend the i-tosedale House.
F.l r* Ellis— handsome parlors, clos-
«_'X U et, water; other large pleasant rooms; trea-
sonable.
i' omen ( ni« A>eiiue. '
91 Q GOLDEN GATE— SUNN FRONT BAY-
— -X.U window room; also pleasant single, $5 up.
Gougn -treet.
1 f>o^ GOUGH-LARGE FRONT BUNNY
J-*>\JtJ alcove room and large sunny room con-
necting; furnished or unfurnished; board op-
tlon al ; private family: reference.
Hickory Avenue.
190 HICKORY AYE., NEAR GOUGH— 3
J-_t7 large unfurnished rooms; $7; more if de-
sired- Apply upstairs.
—owara Street.
17COA HOWARD— NICE SUNNY FRONT
X I c>«J room for lady with reference; private.
t)onea Street.
907 .'ONES -THE VAN WINKLI?: NEW
«-V I manacement; elegant sunny suites and
single: newly furnished: bath, etc.: 810 toSHll.
OH 1 JONES — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
«J\-'l sunny rooms: hot and cold water; private.
— earn- Streoi.
90 KEARNY-NICF.LY FURNISHED ROOMS;
—** terms reasonable; quiet house.
A I'.LINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
-TV Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect; terms reasonable.
3><>i'ki-; stree.j
/DUSTER, 906 MARKET AND 9 ELLIS— SIN-
\J gie front rooms and suites, 60c to $160 per
night; $3 to $6 per week; offices to let.
1 A9l 1 MARKET— SUNNY ROOMS; NEW-
Xv/— l2 ly renovated; en suite and single; from
*1 60 to $7 50 a ween.
A'OSK M II X HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — TER
X night, 36c to $1: week. $1 50 to $5: families.
1 1 9. ) MARKET — NICELY" FURNISHED '
— —■—)— rooms;doub'e bed ;$2 week ;also suites, $5.
3— artna Place.
6 MARTHA PL..OFF GE A R Y, A.BO YE MASON;
\J large room, with stove, $7: single room, $5 mo.
Mason Street.
99Q MASON— FURNISHED SUNNY
•—'—•*-' rooms, from $10 up.
99' MASON, COR. G'FARRELL-NICELY
Zj£.*J furnished sunny rooms: en suite or single.
-»i 11.11.1 1 reet.
G.Q.H MINNA. COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
\J\J I nished bay window rooms; $1 per ween.
Cushion street.
1 990 MISSION-SUNNY FRONT SUITE;
X — — O well furnished; private family; ref-
erences exchanged.
o'l-arrell Street.
P. 90 O'FARRELF.— NICE ROOM. FOR GEN-
*J— O tleman in private small family ; good home.
C~\ (\ > 'FARRELL— 3 large sunny front
Olurooma; gas and bath; unfurnished: cheap.
Post Street.
9901 POST— NEW HOUSE; NEWLY FUR-
—— Os nished; rent reasonable: "The Domns."
A-] Q POST— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
—— O rooms. .
Powell Street.
91 9-21 POWELLS (WILLISFORD'J-EN.
— . 1 _ tlrely renovated throughout; newly fur-
nlghed rooms: en suite or single: terms reasonable.
99?: POWKLI, C OR. GEARY— SUNNY ROOM
~~<J newly fur.. $8: also large sunny cor, room.
Prospect Place.
I 90 PROSPECT PL.— SINGLE FRONT FUR-
J.—O 1 Islud room with German family; $5 mnth.
- seventh Street.
"I 49 SEVENTH-PLEASANT ROOMS FOR
■i- -— ■ housekeeping: also single rooms.
: ixtb_j__reet.
I 1 Q SIXTH-TIIK'SARATOGA: ELEGANT
— J O suites $3 50, $5 week single $1 60 $3 week.
- Sixteenth Street.
9QA9 SIXTEENTH, COR. HOWARD— VERY
-/large sunny front room: furnished; $6.
Stevenson Street.
_AQ STEVENSON, COR. FIFTH-FURNISH-
—UO ed rooms to suit
Ci')(\ STEVENSON— CHEAP SUNN V FRONT
v/— rooms; single or double. ,
O-OPEKATIVE HOUSE, 829 STEVENSON—
J Rooms clean and cheap; reading-room.
ft 9.7. 7 STEVEN 80 2* — FURNISHED ROOM;
UZ. I cheap: respectable lady wanted; can pay
part rent In wor<c If wishes.
Stockton Street.
■VTEW PYRN'EE HOUSE, 1314 STOCKTON—
— > Front suites: single rooms; bousekping:cheap.
tuner Mre«..
QAQ SUTTER— FURN. ROOMS OR SUITES,
Q\JQ $1 25 to $10 wk; night 2£c to $1 60: transl.
CAQ SUTTER, COrTtaYLOR— ELEGANTLY"
i \JiJ newly furnished sonny rms.; suite or single.
711 BUTTER — HANDSOME ROOMS AND
I XX suites, newly furnished; rates reasonable.
1 "1 40 SUTTER. CORNER POLK — X OR 3
X- X _O connecting front rooms, over Wakeiee's
drugstore, suitable for doctor or any other busi-
ness.
1 1 Aft B UTTER; COR. POLK-SCNNY ROOMS;
XX to nicely furnished: light housekeeping.
Taylor Street.
"I AQ TAYLOR— AND 8 INGLE
X\JO rooms for gentlemen; $2 and $1 6'J a week.
F:i f\ TAYLOR— NEWLY FURNISHED SUN-
tJXyj ny single ana double rooms; private family.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH — LARGE SUNNY CORNER
ax. x bay-window rooms; also unfurnished;
housekeeping.
Third Street.
004 THIRD-2 UNFURNISHED BOOMS;
00 - good accommodations; water free; $6.
Turk Mreet.
1 0 TURK-NICE SUNNY DOUBLE FRONT
-» room; private family: $9.
% an i e »» Avenue.
909 VAN NESS AYE. -2 ELEGANTLY
tl¥ ' urni « l front rooms, bright and sunny;
910 each.
CAvvi'vfi A yD EEST IN AMERICA-THE I
rni»\i ct CALL, sent to any address In the
•eefree ° r C ~— d * one year for *1 50, post- :
BOARDING AND BOOMS.
TK^fTcALIFORNIA _ PLE^ATrTsUNNY
board"optro".r ; n6Wly InrnlBhed : other rooms;
B»Y OR GIRL TO BOARD; PRIVATE FAM-
ily: large garden; half block from school-
reasonable. 8., box 18, Call Office. '
?i()U - SEW "' FURNISHED SUNNY
*JVi' rooms, suite or single. with board for 2 ; $50.
CASTLE IRKST, BKLVEDKRK, MARIV
.Vte^irp^nTro^s °/nd 6 Se^^
f»m*cu™ gre&t redaCed -^""minutes
709, O'FARUELL— IN A REFINED HOME
I newly furnished sunny front rooms tab^
first class: terms reaaopable. wm O . u»uie
K ( ) U VAN N.ESSAVE.-L-1 sfItABLE BU?(NY
VVO rooms: flrsl-cla^s table oo»rd : reasonable
n. POST— 2 NICELY FUHN'JSHKD TARGE
I 1- rooms, Rultable for 2, with board ; »ab eacn.
H 1 ; 1 ' '■',' JJKnTLI.Mi, '.14 ..U.Sli-A FAiIILY
hotel: references glveu tuia lu^uirod; _i__i
frm toi.VHiilfn'-o^. ■ - • **
CHILDREN BOAKDKD.
WIDOW WITH COMFORTABLE" HOME
TT wants child to board : best care. 829Vfe Suiter.
\\f ANTED— CHILDREN TO BOARD IN
1 V, p lf, a ant home: best of care - Call or address
1819 Webster st. Alameda. -
CTOCKTUN LADY WOULD LIKE TWO CHIT- I
kj dren to board; 'locution healthful. . Addiess '■
47 North Grant at, Stockton, Cat
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1896.
STOKES TO let.
STORK, WITH 3 ROOMS, NX COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye. and Webster st.; choice location for
drugs ore. ' '
STORE; GUJSRKEKO AND TWENTY-THIRD
O sts.; concrete cellar; built for druggist; best in
Mission for drugstore.
TORE; VALENCIA AND TWENTY-FIRST
O sts.-. choice locations adapted for shoe or dry-
poods store
OFFICES TO LET. ~~~~~~~
VJPRKCKELS LUILDINO, 927 MARKET—
O Elegant snnnv offices. $12 50 up: clecino-llght:
beating and janitor service free. Apply at buildiui
on.'. H. I'.MVjSKN «fe CO.. 14 Monti-ornery st.
EDUCATIONAL. ~~~~~
pTNI^HTFTrK7fTTH^E^cTTp7cTDTFILTpI^i^
Academy of Langnages,S2o lost st-.estab'd 1871
A YRKS', THE LEADING COLLEGE, 326
-fV Montgomery st. ; ' individual instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.;
life .scholarship $50: low rates per week and mo.
its. MELVILLE SSYDEK, 715 POST ST.;
vocal music, piano, elocution, practical Shake-
spearean and general dramatic nctiiie a specialty;
vocal classes Monday, 8 p. M.; $1.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
college. 723 Market st : expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night.
ENGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT: -NGLISH
literature; letters written. MISS FAGEN, 427
Sutter at '
OICE CULTURt, ELOCUTION AND DKL-
RBrte taught thoroughly; 25c lesson. 749 Fol-
EOm st.
each kh: assists PUPILS in GERMAN,
X Latin.Greek.French,arithmetla E. 5.,411 Mason
AL.MA 1.. HVKR, PIANO. MANDOLIN BAN-
JO. 405 Geary, Km. 17: thorough instruction
Book WRITNG, ARITHMTC. GRAMR
day A ni.bt ; nocla-ses. $5 month. 845 Mission
ROF. LOUIS MERKI: VIOI.IN, MANDOLIN,
suitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary, nr. Powll.
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
ADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
es plano,slnglng,French:s3 mo. R. 14 ,1002 Polk
MR. _ M RS. KOLNNLER, TEACHERS MAN
dolin. guitar, banjo. 935 Market st., opp. Mason
...ELAsCO's LYCKUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
-»-* Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1. O. o. F. block, 7th and Mkt
SCHOOL, ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
0 chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture-
nssay:estab. '64. VAN DKRXAIUKS, 723 Mkt,
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD. TEACHER OB"
violin, guitar, mandolin, bar.io. 1707 Market
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THJt
\v EKKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
MUSH AI. INSTRUMENTS^ ~~
A 4-STORY BUILDING, CORNER OF
Kearny and Sutter sts., full of pianos: these
instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
J 3, $4. $5, «6, $7, $8. $9, $10, $12, $15. $20 and
825 per mouth: the best of every grade from lowest
pr ces to steinway Baby, Parlor and Concert
I Grands: why pay rent when better pianos can be
bought from us for about sr.me payments? every
piano guaranteed ; fine wood-seat stool anddraptd
cover Included; no charge for drayage: pianos
kept in order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLAY «fc CO., cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. also
Oakland, Cal., Portland, Or., Seattle, Wash.; Stein-
way representatives for tne Pacific Coast.
0" N ACCOUNT OF THE INCREASE IN MY
p ano business, my old quarters on Market
st are entirely too small: I have therefore moved
Into my own building, at 626 Haves st, between
Octavia and Laguna, where I can now display
over four times the amount of instruments than
forme, v: a* 1 buy tor cash end in carload lots
and have no rent to pay I can offer any one deslr-
| int; a piano or organ better value for less money
I than any other music houSe In San Francisco.
Respect tu:iy yours, J. HaRRY SCOTT.
VI AGNIFICENT STEIN WAY UPRIGHT AND
■I'-l Schubert : little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van Nesss
$7K BARGAIN; STK I N\V A V A NO, EX-
I <->.ceilent order;ca-iy terms. 221 Leavenworth
CL X A RAN CE X A LE-H A i NKs, KNABE AND
I Bush and Gen's pianos; clearinr-out prices
will rule. A. L. HANCP.Qr'T A Co., 834 1'os; at
GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP FOR CA-H.
T SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
BARGAIN— DECKER _ SON UPRIGHT, 8260.
XJ MAUVAIS, 76» Market st
<£ I p. A BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT BOS-
<? X.O\J. ton make piano. B.RUENN'S, 228 Post.
CTUALLY THE BKSI' BARGAINS IN
Dianos, both new and second-hand at THE
F. W. SPENCER CO.'S warerooms, 933Marketst
W«-. HaDUKK, SULK agent FOR HALL.XT
._ Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 Sac'to
CHICKKRING, N A B K. STUCK. VOSB, STKK-
ling pianos; see our new piano lor $187; piano*
jorrent BENJ. CUKTAZ A son. 16 O'Farrell.
YKON MAC/V, 308 POS V BT.-SOHMKK,
XJ .\ewbv & Evani. }'-rices nnJ other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHKRS. OLD&NKW
t^ H. ?li;i.l.KK. maker, repairer. *-' Latham nlaca.
HOKSES.
wo good horsesTnd wagon^for
X sale cheap. 564 Howard st. '
1 AKGE YOUNG DRAFTHORSES; HALTER
Xj broken; cheap; the Hyde ranch. 630 Com-
mercial st
f,n HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSES;
K)\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
LEI BOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 600 SETS
of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. Ill) McAllister si., F.
1 KA SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAIT
J-*J\J ness, all kinds; wagons, bnggles, surreys,
r«uckawayB, carts: must be sold. 1128 Mission i.
1)11 SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND UAR.
*J\J\J ness; all kinds: buggy.wacon, carts, surrey
■Erockaway; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
Al\ HORSES FOR SALK; ALSO WAGON.*
'" buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hona
Market, 327 Slx.h st; auction Kales every W«sdne*-
cay. SL'I.IJV - 's ,<■ IkiYI.K. A nrtlonPTV
~ WAGONS AN^~CAKKIAGE!S.
IPOR SALE, AT EASTERN PRIC_S, FINE
J carriages of every d esc Iptlon; cash, notes or
installments. Carvill Mfc; ( '<>.. -itf-48 8;h St.. S. V.
DENTISTS. ~~ — ~—
7^Roo^iKi^KSrAirAs?oi3i^rioxr7b9li7^iC
\J ket, bet 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, $1 ; plates. $6 up: flu, *1 up.
ALL WORK TO SUIT THE TIMES AND
-M. warranted. DR. RE A, 1870 Market st
front City HalL '
1 \K. LLDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST "
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whei
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
(R. QKOSUd W. LEEK, T_K GENUINE
' Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st
T/iULL SET OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED
X. five years; extraction, 60c.; fllllncs, 60c-
crowns, $3 60. - Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
THIRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
X prices; first-class results: painless extraction*
Tel. Main 6375. W.C. HAKDINO.M.D., 600 Sutter
1 )H. T. * KAN ACTION PAINLESS.
XJ crown work, bridge work and teeth withoas
platt-s a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ava.
CJ7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
«iP • good as can be made: filling »1. Dr. SIMM:*.
demist,. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
"JjTa i nless EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWX
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 veari
experience. R. L. WaLsH. D,D.a. b15«4 Geary.
Dt:. L'UCKETT, 1703 I'OsT ST., NEAR BU-
cnniian; gas given; crown and bridge wort
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT .*~PIAXk _„"_"
G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. ~
OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80b _Ali-
ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LKEK7I2O6IiiARKET, COR. GOLDEN
_jj^_'v- —Open evenings: sun.la-.M nil noon.
_ ASSESS3IENT NOTICES.
rpENTH INSTALLMENT ASSESSMENT NO-
X tice— The San Francisco and Ran Joaquin Val-
ley Railway company. Location of principal
place of business City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California. Notice is hereby given
that at a meeting of the board of directors held on
the 25th day of Augui:, .1896. »n assessment of
ten ($10) dolors per hare was levied upon the
cap. stock of tl.e corporation, payable immedi-
ately to the Bank of California, treasurer of said
corporation, at the office of said treasurer, north-
west corner of sansome and California streets, In
the City and County of Sao Francisco, State of
California. Any stock upon which this assess-
ment shall remain unpaid on the iwen'y.Mxth day
of September, 1896, will be delinquent and adver-
tised for sa'e at public auction: and unless pay-
ment Is made fore, will be sold on the fifteenth
cay of October, 18.115, to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costs of advertising and ex-
penses of sale. By order of Board of Directors.
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary.
321 Market street, City and County of San Fran-
Cisco, State of California. ■
_ __________
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— Se"a£__TbT_-1 WILL BE RE-
X celved by the Boara of Election Commissioners
In open session on Monday, Sept 7. 1896, at 10
a. 11., for the following election supplies, separate
bids to be made for each classification :
.-N0..1— • tor repairing all old voting booths or
stalls now on hand and for the manufacture of new
booths, the Lumber to be hereafter designated.
No 2— tor chairs and lamps to be used in elec-
tion-bouses.
No. 3— For the repairing of all o!d . tables and
stands now on hand and for the manufacture of
new tun and stands, the number to be hereafter
designated.
The amount of certified check and bond to be
given for each classification Is stated in the specifi-
cations now ready aud on file in. the office of the
Registrar 01 Voters. . ~
W. M. II INTO V. Registrar of Voters.
BTOBAOK.
S" TO^tA^n^cirE^APESTIN THjJciT yTflß_
proot building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
rUKNIIXKiJ, PIANOS^ TRUNKS; AD-
— ' vances, shipping. CHA.S L. TA YL0U.204 Post
A B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLId;
1 low tales; fireproof b_uuius; _*uiera visa.
PERSONALS. f
R. MYRTLE POTTER HAS REMOVED TO
1362 a Market St., office 8, second floor.
MECHANICS' FA IK SHOW CARDS CHEAP;
1»X business cards, $1 50 per 1000. HILL, 22i/a
Geary st. - ' .
LINE WATCH REPAIRING. JEWELRY
" made order, spectacles repaired, lenses ground:
low prices: fine work. J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary.
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
c i alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law hints, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWKatty-at-law, SsoMarket3t
OLD AND SILVER FIGHTS DON'T AF-
fect my business; I'll dress the hair just as
skillfully as ever for 25e: have enlarged my estab-
lishment: have you tried "Qulnonla" hair tonic for
dandruff? 35c a bottle. G. LEDtRER, 111
Stockton st. -. .
IVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage by United States Divorce Bureau; lega
everywhere. Aadress P. O. box 2432, a F.. CaL
MR*. THOMPSON, CHIROPODIST. 101 a
XIX Grant aye., room 10. '
rpHE FINEST LINE OF REMNANTS:
X suit to order. $10; pants, $3. Cut Rate Tailor-
ing Company, 1117 Market st, bet. 7th and Bth. -
CONFINEMENTS ATTENDED BY REGU-
\J lar physician; $16 upward. A., box 98, Call.
A I ORRIS BERRY. FORMER FOREMAN
i'l Albert Miller's cloak store, has gone into busi-
ness wiih H. RIFLSIND, and opened an establish-
ment at 14 McAllister, Rms. 45-46; ladies', misses',
children's cloaks to order ; fit guaranteed ;lo;v prices
RINKS DELIVERED 25C BAY CITY
-L Transfer Company, 244 Sutter: te_ Grant 67.
ffijj" PANTS TO ORDER; SAMPLE BY mail.
Cl WERTHMAN Pants Company; local agents
wanted everywhere. 22% Geary street
ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
— and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
Classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton, Gertrude
Partlngton. R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
T THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029% Market st,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, Cal.
A LL FACIAL BLEMISH SUPERFLUOUS
■i V. hair, moles, freckles, sc»rs. etc., removed by
Kllte Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
]> A ZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY; FINE
Hedge put on razor,26c. Razor Exchze,6SoMarket
ELVET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
» manufacturers' cost. 20 .Sansome st., upstairs.
1G OUTDOOR fVIKKKUPTICON" SHOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market ana Sixth sts. ; artistic al-
-vertleemenis In living light; promoters of btui-
pegs. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market at.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market-
-200 rooms, 26c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $8 pee
week : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, J_W-
elry, etc. : lowest rates. C4B Market st
I.D GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIE-l'
clothing bought I'OL.MAN. 41 3<i. ror. JeiMa.
{^^^^^ DRESSMAKERS. ~
DRES-SKS $2 UP; WRAPPERS 35c UP;
lawn $1 up. 6058* Natoma st, above Sixth.
A 1 f>l GEARY— STYLISH DRESSES, $5 UP-
"i X \)-£ dresses made over; patterns cut to order.
TYLISH SUITS. *3 UP: SKIRTS, 75c UP;
' fit guaranteed. 6591 A Stevenson, nr. Seventh.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
fT IT AN A, ~T__~G YPSY QUEEnT (TtURK ST. ;
VT truthful In her predictions; reliable in her ad-
vice; no matter what troubles you may have, come
and she will cuide you right; no fake; satisfaction
guaranteed: office hours from 9 to 9.
\ I Alt.. AKNDT. BEST FORTUNE TELLER IX
if! the world: 50c and SI. shows picture of rnnr
future husband or whb. 4 Twelfth. Tel. Mint 621.
AIME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELLS
i'l past, present and future: success to ail; for-
tunes by mail: low urices. 868 Mission st.
ME. PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAJRVOY-
ant, card- reader, born r.ith a double vella.-il
tecond sight; ladles 50c, gents $1; palmistry aui
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jonej.
ME. LbGETTE— PRESENT, PAST' AND
future: 25c. 31 ITebania, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ME. DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT; 25
yrs Kearny, now 9-9 Post : fee $1; letter $2.
YPSY LIFE-READER, REMOVED FROM 5
VJ" seventh to 11 Stockton: ladies '-'5c; gents 60c.
Mme. PALMIBT, CARD-READER;
I'l past, present and future: 25c. 148 st., r. 6.
\i MX. MOKEAU, BKST MEDIUM; REVEAi.I
-I'l past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
A I ME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
i'l business advice: names clven :26c up. 5 Fourth.
MX. SYBILLE SHOWS PICTURE FUTURE
husband, wife; ladies 25c, 50c. 914 O'Farrell.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave; ladies, 25c: gents, 60c. 914 O'Farrell.
(^ONCIUTA— CARD-READING, PAT, PRES-
J on: an 1 future. 821 Howard <«t.. room 15.
-_____———_ __
SPIRITUAX.IS3I.
"i""' VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMKNI3
SfRS. DR. A. D' HOWE.. .- *
FF.E »1 & UPWARD! FEE 91 * UPWARD'
HOPE, HELP. LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL! "
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you in trouble, sick or "down"? If so ;
read this and learn that lire Is yet worth II vlnz' !
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many i
thousands on this roast In the ten years pant, is j
again at her old office*, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and Is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or I
write to her. Your whole life revealed; succesi ;
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless: tna
separated are united; the sick made strong ; the
poor become rich; if you think your husband, wire
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortal)
who try 10 imitate ncr as the eternal heavens ara
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Shedoes
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed i
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to, an i no
matter of how long standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment by mall is always most suo-
cesst'ul and satisfactory. All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1 _ UPWARD! FEF. 91 A UPWARD!
—RS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1320 Market st, odd. Seventh,
San Francisco.
rpEST MEETING -10-NIUHT; 10c: MEDIUMS
i- K. A. Stilt, Mrs. Robinson, Clemensand others;
skeptics invited: sick healed. 335 McAllister st
1 END-HIP HALL, 326 MQALLISTER ST.
r MRS. C. J. MEYER holds meetings >nn., lion.'
Thurs. and Bat; 7:30; dr. Tue., Frl. 2 p. _.; sinks'
P_TL'RN_D— MRS. MAYO STEERS. TRANCE
Xt medium; private readings daily. 1015 Market
st, room 19.
QPIRITUALISTIO CIRCLE TO-NIGHT BY
0 Rev. Mr. Howland: 26c. 1 Fifth st., parlor 1.
IRCLK TO-NIGHT AND SITTINGS A I LV.
\J Mrs. C. Cornelius, 1346 Market: all welcome.
LARKIN 8 P.M.; SPIRITUAL T_ST
meeting; Altken, Wrenn, Stewart; free.
LADIES' AID MKKT-i TO-DAY 326 McAL-
■l llser St.; admission free; tests to all.
JJISHOP GARRISON, 1370 MARKET; SKAN-
ii ces Tuesday, Friday even's. 26c: 10 to 4 dally.
M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT sLaTK-
» writer. 118 Halght St.; hours 9 until 6 p. m.
Rs. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE MEDlUM-
sittings $1; rir< Tuesday eve. 13H Oak.
HYPNOTISM. — —
TTYTN?>TIiSM~ANir'v7rAT; mXgNETiSm
X-X. practically and scientifically taught In 8 les-
sons, a so how to hypno lze instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
is here offered to physicians and students of
science Interested In its therapeutic effects; high-
est credentials: correspondence solicited. (ail or
address the Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute.
6 O'Farrell st.
MEDICAL.
A BLESSING TO LADIES BUFFERING
from irregularities - and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never fails; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well-
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home In confinement DR. A MRS.
DA VIEs, 14 McAllister st., next Hibernla Bank-
consult free; French regulating pink pills 92;
hours from 9 a. m to 6 p. if. and 7 to 9 p. _.
LL, CASES OF IRREGULARITIES R_l
stored in a few boun; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home In confinement: regular graduate phy-
sician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY used; ladles, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere: you will save time and
expense; consultation free anil confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter ;
from what cause; restores always in one day-
can be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed-
if you wans to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st
LPEAC'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
lades troubled with irregularities: no danger-
safe and sure; $2 60 express CO. D.: don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BUOS.. Oakland, Cal.
RS. GOODWIN, DISEASES WOMIiN SPE-"
clalty; unexcelled In restoring irregularity or
other conditions: home in confinement: oest earn-
low fees: pills $2. Moved to 904 McAllister st
MBS. DR. WEGENER TAKES LADIES '__
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st.
SURE CUKK FOR ALL Fl MALE DISEASES."
k~ from . w hat eve* cause; a home ie confinement
with every com for* : satisfaction guaranteed. b»
MRS. DR. GW YER, 226 Turk st ' 7
MRS. J. A. AC 11 -RD.'MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement; -25 years' experience. 655 Mis-
sion st. - -.-,.-' %
1 ,R. DORA GRAY — FEMALE COM* i
XJ plaints restored; cure guaranteed. 327 tddy.
If IRRKUULAK OR ANY Fl-..MALE DI -EAJSE
see MRS.DR. PUKTZ and be content 254% 4th.
■PkR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NKAR
XJ Jones. Diseases of women and children.-
PRIVATE HUMK IN CONFINEMENT MRS.
•• DR. FUNCKK. 1416 Eighth »t, Alameda.
AR O N U M VITA! BATHS FOR PaRALYSIsT
rupture and dropsy. 231 Second st.
■^ FINANCIAL.
, $ 1 0 0 . 00 0 Apply r_ 214, Dep.BWs."
<PJ.VV.UV/V Apply tm 214, ttu.sjafo Dep.Bldg. J
CITY REAL ESTATE.
T>EADTHIS! BEST BUSINESS CORNER ON
Xt the San Leandro road and main street to
Fitchburg station; size 100x100; cheap at $20
per front foot.
RESIDENCE CORNER, 100x100, - 2 BLOCKS
At from the San Leandro road; streets graded
and graveled; price $500. .
BUSINESS CORNER AT FITCHBURO STA-
XJ tioo; frontage to suit at $15 per front foot.
ONE ENTIRE BLOCK. 200x600: WILL STTB-
divide into 43 building lots: a good buy to hold
or retail at once to home-seekers.
BEST GARDEN LAND IN ALAMEDA
County, lor sale and to rent : will grow flowers,
fruits and .vegetables to perfection; splendid
chance to start a nursery and grow cut flowers tor
the market
ATHKR BARGAINS ON THE BEST STREETS
\J In the best situated locality for a growing town
outside the city limits of Oakland: low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc.
THaD. S. FITCH. Fitchburg.
. W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery st, S. F.
Qj~npffj 200x240: S. HALF OF BLOCK 89,
tJpiyUU. University Homestead Association.
CHAS. C. FISHER, 507 California St.
OR SALE— 2-STORY HOUSE, 14 ROOMS,
and lot 25x112:6: on installments. Apply
2428 Geary st. -
o DUCAS, 11 MONTGOMERY ST., WILL
C sell at a sacrifice:
1 lot 37:6x113, on E. side of San Jose aye.,
bet 30tb and Brook sts.; sewered and macadam-
ized and ready to build on; no reasonable offer re-
fused: one-fifth cash, balance at your own terms.
6 beautiful lots, almost level, cor. Byron and
Isabel sts.: on Bernal Heights: mus be sold;
make any offer or terms: 300 feet from the car;
no better view in the whole city.
2 lots on W. side of Castro st. near 22d; 25x
114; will set at any reasonable price you are will-
ing to give at jour own terms.
Also lots in the Excelsior Homestead, Haley
Tract, Mission road, University, Lott st. and
South Pan Francisco. lam about leaving the city
and hence will sell all my property at any price.
S. DUCAS, 11 Montgomery st.
C. BE_IS, 7
. HEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
824 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
$2600— E. Btrte of stanyaa st, bet Carl- and
Frederick: 25x100 feet
$460— Carlos Villa lot-. 100x150 feet
$6700— 60x127:6 feet on Jackson st, overlook-
lug the Presidio and bay.
$6000— 2. modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park; 25x137:6 ieei; electric road passes houses;
make offer.
$8500— Elegant XW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
SSOO— Choice building lots north of Dark.
Bargain— SW. cor. Fifth ay. and C st: 109x95 ft.
VI ISSION COTTAGES. ; "
In the warm belt near terminus of Howard-st.
cars at 24th at. and Potrero aye. : all street work
finished: terms to suit F. NELSON, builder,
$2000 — Five-room cottage.
$1800— Four-room cottage.
$1650 — Four-room cottaee.
OOD INVESTMENT: PACIFIC HEIGHTS;
2 new houses; all modern improvements;
lighted by electricity or gas; will sell cheap; line
marine view. Fillmore and Green sts.
pOOD INVESTMENT; PACIFIC HEIGHTS;
_' 2 new hous:s; all modern improvements;
lighted by electricity or gas; will sell cheap.' Fill-
more and Green sts. s
I NGLEHIDK— MAGNIFICENT RESIDENCE,
— near racetrack, on Flax ton and Graf ton sts.; 11
rooms and bath, wooden mantels: all modern im-
provements: lot 6'^:6xl2r>; sold at a great sacrifice.
O. W. H. PATTERSON _ CO., 2 Valencia st.
<514' Ml ABSOLUTELY GIVEN AWAY, LOT
tip rx*J\J. 25x120, on sv.Hne of 16th aye.. near H
St.; 2-story residence adjoining: lot ready to build
on: car line 01: li st.: this 13 a genuine sacrifice.
Call on owner, room 12, 43 6th st., 1 to 5 p. 11.
NX OF THE FINEST RESIDENCES IN SAN
Francisco to exchange for unincumbered
country land: price 540.0U0. with $12,000 mort-
gage. Syndicate Investment Company, 64 and 65
Chronicle building.
QUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT;
0 $150 to $275 a room; parties contemplating
building invited to call and gee plans. 1149 Mission.
JUST COMPLETED: HOUSE 14 ROOMS;
finish natural woods: quartered oak, birdseye
maple, mah' gany, curly redwood; gas and in-
candescent lighting; tiled sinks and baths; marine
view. Cor. lay and Laurel; owner on premises.
Q^nn CASH, BALANCE SAME AS RENT,
<?p*J\J\J for new bouse on east side of Cole St.,
near Waller: 8 rooms and bath; large lot 25x125;
all modern improvements. Apply on premises.
A WE_K'B NEWS FOR 3 CENTS—
-ft. WEEKLY CALL. In —rapper, for _oi ling.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
X(in HAiRG^INS^^^AT^DTr^OU^NvTNT?
O\J\J 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0.. 510,000
2 stores and 7-rooru flat in city 6,00;)
60 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to £0,000
100 business places, all Kinds, from $50 10 4,000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
IN EXCHANGE FOR CITY PROPERTY—
Small country hotel, 22 miles from city; horse,
wagon and buggy; barroom stock; free rent of
hotel in part payment of property. For particu-
lars address H. L., box 119. Call Office.
fl;97^|l NICE HOUSE 7 ROOMS; IN <;o<>L)
<T— lO\J. location in Oakland; lake $1500
country property In trade, balance cash or mort-
page. H.M.CAMERON, 479 Ninth st
SEND if'Oh OUR LUST OF ORCHARD HO. Ui£3
lor sale. WOUsiTKK _ WHITTON. San Jose.
]OQ| I ACHES TUiBKK LAND. KKKN CO.;
.1 ~«OW «»-,t: tine for rat' -r ■■« n ■;. N. bx.l6.Cali
PROPERTY WASTED. -.'.,
WANTED TO PURCHASE A LOT^foR/fli
of Halght st, south of Turk, west of Fill-
more and east of Stanyan; state lowest cash
price: must be cheap. . d tress lot. box 15, Call.
MONET TO LOAN.
■ANY AMOUNT "ON BONDS, DIAMONDS,
-_ watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and Instruments; interest low: private entrance;
private rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS', 16 Grant aye.
fll 1 (\i\ CU\(\ AT LOWEST RATES; CITY
«jrXUV/.UUU and Oakland: life insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds;- estates: any sum.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBKh_CO., 218-220 Montgy
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
A jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
bTORE. »48 Market st: open evenings.
ON KY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER-
est per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance., Coin, box 2. Call.
ONEY LOAN— D ON J_W_LKY ANQ
other valuables at the - Security Loan Offlc*
1106Marketst.nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turf.
1 kIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: . low
interest. P.m. 68. Donohua bide. 1170 Market st
ANY AMOUNT: IST, '21/ or 3D MORTGAGED
A estates, undivided interests.' real estate la or*
bate. McCOLGAN. 21 Montgomery, room 3.
<UJ "^fi UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 2D MORT-
G)O\J gages: int. In estates. MURPHY, 62B iirkt
\ DVANCESOND IAMONDS.JK V. KTU
- '» Colombia Loan & Collateral Office 9 <;ranc ay».
ONEY TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE.
McKWEN' BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
I.JORROWERS, ATTENTION — INTEREST
' '■ saved at the Cut Rate Loan Office, room 7,
Flood building. 809 Marketst; strictly private:
open evenings; elevator.
T 126 KEARNY ST., ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates;
private room*: elevator: I edges for sale cheap.
LEGAL NOTICES. '
—N In the Superior Court, in and for the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
Dept. 9, Probate. In the matter of the estate of
LEWIS sOHER, deceased.
Notice is heieby given, that in pursuance of an
order of the Superior Court of tne City and
County of San Francisco, State' of California,
made on the Bth day of April, 1892. In the matter
of the estate of LEWIS SOHEK, deceased, the
undersigned administrator with the will annexed
of the estate of LEWIS SoHER, deceased, will
sell at public auction to the highest bidder for
< ash and subject to confirmation ■ by said Superior
Court, on THURSDAY, the 10th day of Septem-
ber, 1896, at 12 o'clock at, at auction salesrooms
of G. H. Umbsen & Co., No. 14 Montgomery
street, in the city and County of ban Francisco,
all the right title, interest and estate of tue
said LEWIS SOHER, at the time of his death,
and all the right, title and interest that' the
said estate has, by operation of law or other-
wise, acquired other than or in addition to that,
of the said LEWIS SOHER, at. the lime of his
death, in and to all those certain lots, pieces 'or
parcels of land situate ai.d being In th City and
County of san Francisco, State of California,
bounded and described as follows:
First— Commencing at a point on the southerly
line of Bush street distant thereon one hundred
and thirty-seven feet and six inches easterly from
the easterly line of Larkln street, run tig thence
easterly along said southerly line of Busn street
thirty feet, thence at right ancles southerly one
hundred and - thirty-seven feet and ■ six Inches,
thence at . right angles westerly thirty feet, and
thence at right angles northerly one hundred and
thirty-seven feet and six inches to said southerly
line of Bush street and to the point of commence-
ment Being part of 60- vara lot No. 1367- ai laid
down on the oili.ial Map of the City of San Fran-
cisco . . *TT*TTirr*~fia iMJfl "*W Tifi
■ S. cond— Commencing at a point in the southerly
line of u'Fnrreli street distant thereon 0110 hun-
dred and . thirty-seven feet and six inches easterly
from the. easterly line of Mason street, running
thence easterly along said southerly line of O'Far-
rell street fifty-eight feet to the westerly line of
Carlos ■ place,- thence at right • angles southerly:
along said westerly line of Carlos place ninety-
seven feet and six inches, thence at right angles
westerly flfy-eisht feet, and . hence .at right
angles northerly ninety-<even feet and six Inches
to said southerly line of O'Fai'rell street and to the
Point <f commencement, being part of 60-vara lot
No. 964 on the official map of the City, of San
Francisco. •• ■ "
Terms : and conditions of sale: Cash, - lawful
money of the United .states, ten per cent of the
purchase money to be pal 1 to the undersigned on
the day of sale, balance on confirmation of sale by
said court. ■ Deed at the expense of purchaser. '
KM ILE SoiiKK, Administrator > with- the. will
annexed •of the estate of Lewis - uohkb, . de-
ceased.'^vßßnMMiij
Dated August 18, 1896.
W. a. PLUNK_TT, Attorney for Administrator,
... ■, ... __ia building,
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
IpOR BALK OR LEASE— SB 6 ACRES, CONTRA
x Costa County; ISO acres tule, 356 level and roll-
ing: adopted for dairy, hogs or farming: best snip-
ping facilities. Address MIS» NEELY , 1614 Bush.
L'ARMING THAT PAYS— SO CWT. HORSE
J beans per acre, *5 tons sreen corn per acre, 60
tons pumpkins per acre, 1200 bushels onions per
acre are crops actually raised on land of Steele
Estate; richest land in California: in tracts from
5 acres up: also grain and dairy land: price to
suit the times: terms to suit the buyer: don't buy
poor land; the best is cheapest D. D. BARNARD.
Edna, CiU.
fTIO RENT-SaTHER RANCH. CONTRA
X Costa County on San Pablo Creek, eight miles
from Berkeley; 1160 acres or land, well watered
and wooded; about 350 acres good grain land:
balance excellent pasture: suitable lor milk or
stock ranch; has railroad facilities. R. E.
ROWLAND, Orlnda Park.
IIOR RENT— CHICK KN RANCH; NORTH
Oakland; 2 acres; fruit: 8 rooms: $15. Ad-
dress Ranch, box 85. CaU Offlce.
9ACKKSAI LKVEL LAND ADJACENT TO
Francisco; 5 1650. C. C, box 20, Call.
L 'nil KKXT-IN HAYWARDS, 10~~mTnUTES
X from town and electric-cars; home residence 8
rooms; hot and cold water; barn; chicken yards;
room for 100J chickens: healthy location: line
view of bay and san Francisco; rent «20 per
month. Apply 2976 sixteenth st. for information.
BEST BARGAIN IN THE STATE: COUNTRY
home; 20 acres orchard : near city; don't buy
before you see owner at S6Vb Geary st, room 23;
11 to 1, 4 to 7: price $3600: principals only.
rpu_ finest hog ranch in the state
Will be lensed for a term of years, or the ri«ht
party can secure a half interest in a good paying
ranch property, as :ne present owner is not able to
give it the attention it requires; this property is
well Improved and well located and capable of car-
rying several thousand head of boi?"i the year round.
For particulars address X. V., box ii'). Call Office.
NY- ONE WANTING a ranch FOR
grazing purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay Is required,
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply ,326 Montgomery st
A LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND: CHOIC-
-TV est in the State; selling In tracts, 5 acres up-
ward, *35 per acre; adjoining lanas held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell: 1% hours from S.F.;
easy terms; title perfect. 67 Chionicie building.
ITTLE HOMES. CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
XJ proved: easy terms; also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market st.. aF. ••
HALFSKLT lON OF GOOD LAND IN TULARE
-LI County, for improved or unimproved property
in Berkeley or San Francisco. Address A, box 87
Call OlHce.
A -iVggglS SEWS FOR 5 CENTS -TUB
XX ,\ -EKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
My SPECIALTY 1S~"!
house-renting IN
„ OAKLAND.
2 story modern 9-room house 1 $25
story modern 6- room cottage ;. 16
Upper sunny modern 7-room flat 16
AND 300 MORE.
WM. M. DeWoLF. House-broker and Rent Col-
lector, 1050 Broadway, Oakland.
LOR SALE— AT HIGHLAND PARK, COR.
X Nineteenth aye. and Twenty-fifth st. : lot 140 x
350 feet: house of 10 rooms; grounds In lawn, or-
mental and fruit trees. Address CHARLES C.
Bi-.Mls, 3:.4 Montgomery st
S" OME OF THE MO>T ATTRACTIVE RESI-
O dences In Oakland for rent; furnished or un-
furnished; tor sale a $70,000 mansion for less than
$40,000 as a whole or in subdivisions W. E.
BARNARD, 458 Ninth st, Oakland.
U ILL IT PAY ? YES!! SEE ALLEMDALE
* ' Tract at once. Buy a $76 lot or upward fora
home or paying investment: Fruitvale, adjoining
East Oakland, the garden spot of Oakland; level
and choice site; streets graded; some macadam-
ized; only a few left: fine school: 2 electric roads
near hy : conveyance free: $.■> cash and $5 monthly.
468 Ninth st, Oakland, and 630 Market si., s. F.
H. Z. JONES, owner.'
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOB SALE.
TuTST^'"ljrXM7>NlSs J _Y^^
'» >(il ' ■ I.LII A AS. Wire-dealer, 11th. OaKld
ALAMEDA 'ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— PARK STREET.
/^ALAMEDABEAIi ESTATE,
$") J ?\i\ * 50 A >H, $25^O^TTHLYT7<Frw
-I""- cottage of 5 rooms: large lot, 50x
126, situated close to Bay-st. station.
$2750— Handsome new cottage of 6 rooms and
bath, now building: your terms are ours.
$2500 — Cottage of " 6 rooms and bath; pretty
garden; close to Cliestnut-st station, narrow-
gauge railroad; lot 40x140; a pretty . home; easy
terms.
Special bargains in lots; houses and stores to let
from $10 up. -
Office open Sundays and holidays- MARCUSE
A; K KM EL, Bay-st. station (broad gauge), Ala-
meda.
San Francisco office. 628 Market st.
OR SALE— ~ ~~~~ ; — ~
House >> rooms and bath, Central aye. : house 4
rooms. Grand st. ; cottage 6 rooms, Everett st;
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange foe
ban .t'raucisco property. Apply
KAbTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st,
San Francisco, Cal.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. '■
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALS
on easy terms. O. G. MAY _ CO., real estate,
building and loans. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
JO&EPH J. MASON. ke.\l ESTATK AND
O Insurance >gent. 1 prkel»>- siatn. adjoining "sank
BERKELEY HOUSES.
OR RENT — $30, INCLUDING WATER:
house of 10 rooms and bath, with garden and
lawn in front; large orchard, also some pasture
land; entire place comprises about 10 acres: street
macadamized; five minutes' wa;k to train making
ha f-hourly trips to city. . For further information
call or address A. J. SNYDER& CO., 4t>7 Ninth
St., real estate brokers, Oakland.
Tj~»OR RENT, NEWLY FURNISH I COIN
X I tage 6 rooms, lath and garden, $20. 1932
Berkeley way, East Berkeley.
FOR RENT FOR ONE YEAR OR LONGER
Xon reasonable terms— A completely furnished
home of 10 rooms, bath and laundry; stable,
cuickenhouse: roses, etc. convenient to nil way
school and university. Address House, box 63.
Call fn c.
LAT_Si SMil'i'lNti __IU_ NCK.
Ariivert.
TUESDAY, September 1.
Stmr Columbia. Bolies. 60 hours from Port-
land, via Astoria 39 Va hours: produce, to O R _ N
Co.
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers, 76 hours from Grays
Harbor; pass and mdse, to Grays Harbor Commer-
cial Co.
Importation*.
COSMOPOLIS— Per Sunol— 37s Mit lumber, 1
cs seeds, 170 bdls green hides.
Aberdeen— B cs tobacco. 14 cs seed, 2 cs salmon.
Hoquiam— 72 bdls green hldse, 5 bdls salt pelts.
South Bend— ls bdU green hides, S bdls salt
pelts, 6cs seeds, 1 bx castings. I
PORTLAND AND ASTORIA— Per Columbia—
2635 gunnies 4185 sks flour. 1250 sks shorts. 4800
sks bran. 1051 bdls green hides. 34 kits salmon
bellies, 1028 pkgs paper. 88 pkgs glassware. 4h
pkgs earthenware, 8 Dkgs crockery, 6700 ft lum-
ber, 60 cs am. 40 cs stout, 965 cs salmon, 311 sks
oysters. 2 pkgs express.
Per Sunol— H Frank <fc Co: Bisslnscer A Co: G
E Glbn*: E J Bowen _ Co: Wheaton. Breon <& Co:
Grays Harbor Commercial Co; Union Uaa Engine
Co; Holcom Bros: National Brewery.
Per Columbia- Wells, Fargo A Co: Wm Wolff &
Co; M E A Wagner: Darbee & Inamel; Everdlng
_ Faurel: Morgan Oyster Co: M B Moraghan: T7 9
India 1 Ag-nt: Fogarty«S Parker: F Hlllens&Co;
Baker A Hamilton: Willamette Palp <& Paper Co;
M P Detels: Allen & Lewis: Geo Morrow & Co: M
J Klnn-y: Otis. McAllister &Co : CJLeist_Co:
Armsby Co : WC Price — Co; Blssinges <&
Co ■ • - ■ .- .. : ■ -
THE DIVORCE RECORD. '
Complaints filed: ■ . ■
Helen K'lhr against Carl Kuhr.
Anna Kedon against Martin Kedon Jr.
Millie Hiuieiaou against Benjamin F. Hadelson.
Divorces granted:
A visa A. Gerdes from Henry G. Gerdes, for ex-
treme cruelty by Judge Seawell.
Michael Kilkenny from Annie Kilkenny, for
habitual intemperance: by Judge Murphy.
lilli 1 ILS— _IARitIAGES— A i il^L
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mill
wilt not be ln-erted. They mus be handed in at
either of the publication offices and be Indorsai
with the name and residence of persons authorizeJ
to nave the same published. J
BORN.
HOFFMANN— In this city. August 28. 1898, to
the wife of John Hoffmann, a daughter.
HEPBURN— In this city, August 30, 1836. to the
wife or John Hepburn, a daughter.
HAGEMANN-In tills city, August 28. 1898, to
the wl c of Albert H. Hagemann. a son.
HARKIGAN— In this city, September 1, 1896, to
the wife of T. F. Harrigan. a son. -
LEMONT— In this city, August 30, 1896, to the
wife of Gorge F. LemonU a son.
MURRAY— In West; Oakland, August 29,1836,
to sue wife of William Murray, a son.
TADD-Inthls city. September 1, 1836, to the
wife of S. Tadd, a daughter.
MARRIED.
KROHN— PULS— In this city, August 29, 1896,
by the Rev. J. H. Schroedef, Jochim Krohn and
FrldaD. A. Pals. : •
LEHMAN— BACON— In this city, August 26.
1896, by the Rev. E. E. Andross. Henry J. Leh-
man of i Sacramento to Rhoda A. Bacon of can
Francisco. —
RUSSELL— RIDDLE— In this City, August SO,
1696, by _• -«r. Pi. W. W. Case, _. B. BiIUOU
■ of San Francisco . and lola F. Riddle of Santa
Rosa.
VALEROA -MARSHALL— In this city. August
' 19, 1896, by the Rev. Marlon D. Wilson. Jo in
H. Valerga of San Francisco and Jessie Eilen
■ Marshall of Oakland.
KING— PILSTER— In Oakland, AueuU 30,
1896. by the Rev. J. H. Theiss, Henry Wleklng
and Met;t Pilster. . .
__ — DIED.
Anderson. Charles E. Glee3on, P.
Buse, Charles E. Gowan, Thomas J. '
Bankbead. Mrs. M. Humbert, Lilian C.
Baker, Walker . Koshland, Simon
Brock, Claus 0. ." ■ ■ , Lowery, Grace K.
Carev. Robert. Lea vltt, Harriett A. .
Cleveland. Alfred G. Martin, Dr. Noble
Crowley. Margaret Mutter. William F.
Code. Emma L. . .Meyer, August
: Clerkla, Susan ■ Owens. Peter
Donovan, Catherine Stewart, Nellie M.
Fisherman, John Tobias, Theodore
Wolkersdorfer, John
ANDERSON— In this city, September I, 1893,
Charles E. Anderson, a native of Sweden, aged
29 years. '
JK^Fnonds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of the Pac fie Undertakers, 777 Mission
street, near Fourth, interment 1. O. O. F. Cem-
I etery.
F. of A.— Officers and members of Court Eclipse
No. 14, F. of A., will assemble at 777 Mission,
street TO-MORROW (Thursday), at 2 o'clock
p. M.. to attend the funeral of our late brother,
Charles E. Anderson. ! . .
T. B. GOODWIN*. C. R.
C. M. Gebtson. Sec.
BUSE— In this city, August 31, 1898. Charles Ed-
ward Buse, dearly beloved child of William and
Mary Buse. and grandchild of Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Bukofsky, aged 2 years and 15 days.
aS~Frien<u and acquaintance? are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DA.V
■ (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. _, from the resi-
dence. 925 Lombard street. Interment 1. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
BANKHKAD-ln Oakland, September 1. 1895.
Mrs. Malcolm Bankhead. beioved mother of
Hugh, Malcolm, David and John W. Smith and
Susan, Agnes a- d Maggie Bankhead, a native of
Ayrshire, Scotland, aged 72 years 7 months and
11 days. Mount Pleasant. Dockridge, Jefferson
County (Iowa) papers please copy.]
JBSTNotice of funeral hereafter. -'• •-; - "
BAKER— At the residence, near Centerville, An-
gus' 31, 1896, Walker Baker, aged 73 years.
IVS-Funeral TO-MORROW (Thursday), at 10
o'clock a. _.
BROCK— At sea. May 20, 1896. Clans C. Brock,
eldest son of Mrs. J. M. Brock and brother of P.
C. Brock, J. C. Brock and Mrs. S. J. Shannon,
a native of Alameda Cal., aged 32 years.
, CAREY— In this city, August 30, 1398. Robert
Carey, a native of the par.sh of Cork Hill, County
Donegal. Ireland, ased 35 years.
SS" Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Pacific Coa<t Marine Firemen's Union are
respectfully invited to attend the funeral
THIS DAY (Wednesday), from 1 to 2 o'clock
p. M. sharp, from the undertaking parlors of Mc-
Ginn Bros., 31 Eday street. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
F. of A.— To the officers and members of Court
Inter Nos No. 18, F. of A.: You are hereby noti-
fied to assemble at McGinn's undertaking par-
lors, 31 Eddy street, THIS DAY (Wednesday),
at 1:30 o'clock p. m. sharp, to attend the funeral
of our late brother, Robert Carey. By order of
L. WIGGINS, Chief Ranger. "
P. McCarthy, Rec. Sec
CLEVELAND— In this city. August 81. 1596, Al-
fred George, beloved son of Clark B. and Minnie
Cleveland, a native of san Benlto County, Cal.,
aged 14 years b months and 27 days.
J>y-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ilia funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. _.. from the resi-
dence or his parents, 1513 Broderick street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CROWLEY— In this city, August 31, 1896, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the lam Charlss Crowley,
and mother of the late Mrs. Ellen Grange and
Timothy, Florence, Charley. Katie and Johnnie
Crowley, a native of County Kerry, Ireland, aged
63 years-
£7"Remains at funeral parlors of James Mc-
Menomey «fe Son, 1057 Mission street, near
Seventh. Burial THIS DAY (Wednesday), at
9:30 o'clock a. _ from the undertaking par-
lor* of James McMenomey & Son, 1067 Mission
street. Intermen; Holy Cross Cemetery.
CODE— In this city. September 1. 1896, Emm»
Louise, beloved daughter of Mrs. Emma S. Code,
a native of San Rafael, CaL
Notice of funeral hereafter
CLERKIN-In this city, September 1, 1898,
Susan, beloved wife of Philip Cleriin, a native
a; Ireland, aged 42 years.
DONOVAN— In this city, August 31,1896, Cath-
erine Donovan, beloved wife of the late Joseph
Donovan, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
4E3"FrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral rills DAY"
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 534 Hlcsory avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fell and Fillmore streets, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock a. k. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
FISHERMAN— In the City and County Hospital,
September 1, 1896, John Fisherman, aged 27
years. , > "
GLEESON— this city, August 31, 1896. PatricK
. J. Gleeson of 97 California avenuo, beloved hus-
band of Mary J. Glefson (nee Prendergast), a
native of County Tipperary. Ireland.
Jftii" Friend i and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 8:30 >. m., from his late resi-
dence. 97 California avenue, thence to St Paul's
Church, Twenty-ninth and . Church streets,
■ where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. _ Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
A. O. H. of A., DIVISION" NO. 17. -Members are
hereby notified of the death of Brother P. Glee-
son. and are reanested to attend the funeral from
his late residence.
P. BRODERICK, President, j
P. J. MoCokmjck, Rec. Sec.
GOWAN— In the City and County Hospital, Sep-
tember 1, 1896, Thomas J. Gowan, aged 69
years.
HUMBERT— In this city, August 31. 1896, Lilian
■ C. Humbert, beloved wife of William E. Hum-
i bert daughter of J. B. and Eliza Fornlr and
sister of Fred. Victor, Haydee and Lewis Fornir,
a native of California, aged 28 years.
£»*Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
i fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence, 14 William street, Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
KOSHLAXD-In this city, August 31, 1896,
Simon, beloved husband of Ro.tlna Koshland,.
and iatberof Mrs. Henry Slniheimer, Mrs. A.
Haas an 1 Joseph, Marcus, Carrie, Abe and Je»se
Kosblan.i. a native of Germany, aged 71 years 1
month and *J7 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect- -
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. _.. from his lat9
residence, ) 808 Pine street Interment Home o»
Peace Cemetery, by special train at 11 o'clock
1 a. m. from Third and Townsend streets. Please
omit flowers.
LOWERY— In this city. .August — , 1893.! Grace
X., dearly beloved wife of Frank Lowery, daugh-
ter of Mrs. Julia Norton, and sister of Clara,
Kmille and Frank Norton, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aired 23 yean b months and 4 days. !
»"The funeral will take place. THIS DAY"
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Halsted _ Co.. 946 Mission street
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. «
LEAVITT— In this city, September 1, 1896, Har-
riett Ann Leavitt, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 78 yei-.-s.
JJSPFrlends and ncaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend her funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock p. I*., from the
cnapel of the Old People's Home, corner Pierce
and Pine streets. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MARTIN— In Berkeley. August 3L 1838. Dr.
Noble Martin, husband of Jennie Martin and
father of Mrs. Sam C. Partridge and Mrs. John
A. .Me Lure, a native of Vermont, aged 76 years
an S days.
jOTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend 11:0 funeral services THIS,
DAY (Wednesday), at 'A o'clock p. _ at the
corner of Haste and Mil— ta streets, Berkeley,
" ■ under th« auspices of Durant Lodge No. 2 63, F.
and A. M. interment Mountain View Cemetery.
MULLER-In th>g city, September 1. 1896. Wil-
liam F. Mulier, beloved husband of Lenora Mul-
■ ier ana father of Mrs. E. A. Hermann. Henry A.,
Waiter F., Louise A., Emma L. and Annie E.
Mulier, a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 62
years 10 mouths and 18 days.
A3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. _ from nis late resi-
dence, 3112 Twenty-second street, northwest
corner of Howard, thence to I. O. O. F. Hall,
corner of Valencia and Sixteenth streets, where
■ services will be held under the auspices of
Unity Lodge No. 31, 1. O. O. *". Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. •
MEYER— In this city, September 1, 1896, August
Meyer, a native of Germany, aged 66 years and
4 months. . -
OWENS— In this city. August 81, 1896. at the
. residence of his daughter, 1413 Ly on street, Peter
Owens, dearly beloved husband of Bridget
Owens, and father of Mrs Fred Markgraf and
Mrs. Fred Meyer, a native of .Tober, County Rot-
common, Ireland, aged 71 years, v--;-
JB3~Fri<snds and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m., from 1413
ti on street, thence to St. Dominic's Church,
Steiner street, between Bush and Pine, where a
solemn req. item mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clccl'
__. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
STEWART— In this city, August 31, 1896, NellU
May Stewart, beloved daughter of the late H. G.
Stewart ana Emma 11 lid, a native of San Fran
Cisco, aged 18 years 6 months and 9 days. .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. it. from Central
M. K. Church, Mission street, between Sixth
and Seventh.
TOBIAS— In this city, September 1, 1896, Theo-
dore Tobias, brother of Charles Tobias, a native
of Norway, aged 23 years. •' ■ . "
WOLKERSDORFER— in this city, September 1,
1896, John Wolkersdorfer. beloved husband of
Lena Wolkersclorfer and stepfather of Adelaide
ana Frederick Marchall, a native of Scnwabach,
.Nurenberg, Germany, aged 63 years.
MCAVOY & CALUCHER, I:
FUNKRAL DIBKCTORS & K.MBALMKBB.
SO lift- St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEME-
tery to the city: non-sectarian ; in no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Offlea 087 AUtJUi
etreec eomueaa; corner, of SU I—
1516
FOR PURE REPUBLICANISM.
S. W. MeCall Speaks to a
Large Audience on
Finance.
THE COINAGE QUESTION
EXPLAINED.
Bursts of Applause Make the
Auditorium Ring From Pit
to Dome.
GEORGE A. KNIGHT BERATES
FICKLE VOTERS.
Magnificent Expression of Popular Sentiment in
Favor of the Upholding of an Honest
Financial Standard All Over the
United States.
A large and appreciative audience filled
every available corner in the Auditorium
last night to listen to the eloquence of
Congressman S. W. MeCall and George A.
Knight. The meeting took place under
the auspices of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee and was characterized
throughout Dy a certain high-toned dig
nity and moderation which detracted
nothing from the enthusiasm of the im
mense audience, while it imparted to the
great assemblage a seriousness and pro
priety well worthy of emulation in other
quarters.
L. B. Apsley, whose oratory has made
him a favorite even among those outside
of his party in all sections of the Union,
■was also to have addressed the meeting,
but owing to indisposition was prevented
from so doing. It is hoped, however, that
he will soon become acclimated and en
thuse yet more the already buoyant
minded Republicans with his logic and
eloquence.
Tbe interior of the commodious meet
ing-place presented a sea of faces, male
and female. Stage, orchestra, dress circle,
balcony and galleries were filled with a
throng of refined and deeply interested
auditors. Among them were noticed many
of the foremost society people now in
town, many ladies forming part of the im
mense gathering.
The interior of the building was mag
nificently decorated and brilliantly illu
minated by electricity.
Over the center of the stage hung a life
size portrait of Mr. McKinley, framed in
festoons of red, white and biue silk, span
gled with golden stars. The gallery rail
ings were adorned with graceful hangings
of cheesecloth in the National colors, in
terspersed with shields, banners and like
nesses of the Republican nominees.
From the center of the roof hune a gaily
decorated lantern, from which depended
streamers of red, white and blue bunting,
caught up at symmetrical intervals along
the walls. Aoiati's band of forty pieces
furuished the music of the evening, the
opening selection, the overture to "Semi
ramide," by Rossini, being particularly
deserving of notice by reason of the artis
tic and spirited style in which it was
rendered.
Mr. Knight, chairman of the evening,
opened the meeting by calling upon the
Knickerbocker Quartet for a selection. This
organization has now achieved quite a
name for itself in musical circles, and last
night's work merely affirmed the general
verdict of critics who have heard it.
The quartet comprises the following well
known vocalists: First tenor, D. M. Law
rence; second tenor, Charles Elliott; first
bass, D. B. Crane: second bass, L. A.
Larsen. They sang a comic political Bong
entitled "The Democratic Boat," which
took so well that it had to be repeated.
When the quartet had finished Mr.
Knight said:
The! Republican party to-night is not con
fined to California. We have with us one who
has not only done good work in behalf of Re
publicanism, but who has furnished the key
note and sounded the onslaught for the fray
which made William J. Bryan the nominee of
the Democratic party of this Nation.
However much Democracy may admire its
Btandard-bearer, however much consolation
they may derive from the fact that he is
termed one of the greatest orators of the ago
and though it may rank him with the
Webslers, the Clays and the Calhouns of the
past, the Republican party of this Nation was
the organization that furnished Mr. Brvan
with the metaphor, "Thou shalt not press
down the crown of thorns upon the brow of
labor" [laughter], and '-You shall not crucify
mankind upon a cross of gold."
A pretty conception, a pretty thought when
used aright, and when you take into con
sideration the fact- that all the good, all the
pure rhetoric, all the great statesmanship, has
emanated from the organization of which we
are proud to be members, then it is not sur
prising, it does not strike us as anything oofu f
of the ordinary, that they should filch from
the history and the brains of the Republican
party those things which, when properly used,
should make anybody popular. [Applause.]
The present fight, continued the chair
NEW TO-DAT.
1 On the Train I
££ a spoonful of Fred Brown's Gin- i|
'*•£ ger will correct nausea, refresh iv%
o}. and strengthen your stom- y«
&'i ach. prevent cold. &5
•'■•■•-' 1 ■ - IK3
I Fred Brown's I
1 JAMAICA SINGER. 1
j&l Sold everywhere. iM
. M FRED BROWN CO., Philadelphia. M
ty'^-ifmW ; i^i^l^i^fi^ilittif : iii ir 1 :
man, was in effect that of Democracy
against the progressive spirit of the age.
The same old pa?ty was again before the
Nation asking for re - pectful consideration.
Similarly the Republican party as in the
past was eager for the preservation of
right and for the true freedom of the race;
they were devoted to the great principle
which had formerly claimed the earnest
attention of the people of this Republic
He remembered when Lincoln was run
ning for the Presidency some were for the
abolition of slavery, while others wished
to retain it, but every man < who drew an
inspiration from the Star-spangled Ban
ner believed that Abraham Lincoln and
the cause of freedom were one. [Ap
plause.] And now those Republicans who
to-night perhaps did not feel exactly in
accord with the financial platform of his
party and were standing at the street cor
ner discussing silver and considering
whether the gold standard as the Demo
crats put it, was tne proper thing or not,
should stop and think whether the party
that proclaimed, "Praise ye the Lord,"
was really the party to be trusted. The
speaker pointed out the gross absurdity of
a position that could lead a President of the
United States to the conclusion that there
was too much money in the treasury and
induce him to propose that means should
be devised to get rid of it.
Such was exactly the position of Grover
Cleveland. After dealing generally with
several other issues of the campaign, em
phasizing in particular the attitude of the
I Republican party a3 contrasted with that
of its opponents, he introduced Congress
man MeCall in the following terms:
It is my pleasure and it is yours to be present
at a meeting where one who has been honored
by the people of Massachusetts in Congress
one who has done good work foi the Na
-1 tion in the halls of Congress, is to
address you upon the political issues of the
day and to talk to you with the earnestness of
purpose and the diction of a scholar, always a
characteristic of the men from that State
which has done so much for the Nation from
a State which has unified the hearts of mil
lions of people, and has produced the wisest
statesmen, the most cultured gentlemen and
Republicans in this broad land, of which we
are so proud.
I have the honor of introducing to-night the
Hon. S. W. MeCall of Massachusetts who
represents what is known as the "Back Bay"
j district of Massachusetts— from Boston— who
ha» delivered addresses throughout the United
States, and he can tell you that California al
though 3000 miles away from the head cen
ters, is in touch with that sentiment which
has made it possible for us to be a progressive
an enlightened people, and has entitled us to
the respectful consideration of other nations
of the world. [Applause].
Hon. S. W. McCall, who was received
with a prolonged round of applause, said :
Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen: I am
deeplytouched by the warm and Kind reception
which you have given me this evening. it is
quite in line with what I have been receiving
for the last two or three days. I think it will
require at least six months for me to make ud
my mind as to what 1 think of San Francisco
I have had so many experiences crowded
into the last two or three days that it is im
possible for me to get my bearings correctly or
to know exactly where I stand. I thank you
Mr. Chairman, for your kind introduction'
although the effect thereof Is somewhat
marred by the fact that you hold me up as in
some degree responsible for what the Demo
cratic convention did at Chicago. That is an
honor which I do not aspire to enjoy
[Laughter.] '
I am very glad to address the people of this
great metropolis this evening— a great City
not so much on account of what you are, as on
account of what you promise to be [Ap
plausej Not simply great because of your
magnificent environment, nor because of your
harbor, upon which the navies of the whole
world can easily and safely ride— although
that is glory enough for one city, but because
of your position here upon this sea
coast, the portal through which the commerce
of the great Nation and of the 3000 miles of
splendid territory from here to the Atlantic
Ocean must pour forth, in order to reach the
Eastern and the Southern world. And not
merely that, but If I mistake not, and
Xi we ol > tftil » again the prosperity
which we enjoyed under thirty years of Re
public m administration, your achievements
will not be limited to this great ocean upon
which this City so proudly sits, but we will
open to you also the Atlantic, so by that you
may transport through the Nicaraguan canal
Urns"/ 8 of your industry. [Tremendous ap
plause.] v
And let me add that the Democratic ad
ministration has already cost the people of
this country almost twice as much money as it
work* 1 require to complete that great public
I reooenize that with difference of locality
there may be different views of great public
questions, but I think that in the campaign
upon which we are now entering the interests
oi the people of California and of the people of
Massachusetts are identical. You are not
merely benefited as the rest of the country^
benefited, but irom the fact of your position
here-your isolation and relation to
the entire country— l believe that th«»
is no city or State in the Union which will be
so signally benefited as you will be by the
restoration of a Republican policy. And so
in addressing myself to you to-night I shall
attempt to point out not merely the narrow
gain which ay accrue to you-the bene
nt which this or that particular i nt c,
est will derive.. but I will rather add res s my
remarks to the great benefit that will accrue
! to the whole country and to the enhanced
prosperity that the latter will receive from the
triumph of those principles and that policy
which are represented by William Medley!
[Prolonged applause.] ■»»»•
Four years ago. after it was shown that the
Democrats had elected their President, the
Senate and a majority of the House of Repre
sentatives we awaited with expectancy the
• realization of the promises of thirty-two years
But the Democratic party had always" been
an opposition party. It had no record— at
least, if we do allude to its record we must go
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1896.
back to the days of James Buchanan, and we
are told that those clays savor of ancient his
tory. The Democrats then came before the
people with promises; we had to fight
promises.
Unfortunately we were prosperous, and
sometimes when people are prosperous they
want to be better off. You have beard of the old
saw about the fool who was well, but wanted,
to be better. He took physic and he died.
[Laughter.] That was our condition then. In
an evil hour the people turned a willing ear
to the fairy tales of the Democratic party.
After four year 3 of maladministration they
do not point with pride to anything they have
done. They do not seem to wish us to con
sider the past. They want the veil of secrecy
drawn over it. They have fallen so much into
the babit of being an opposition party that
they have cut loose from themselves, so to
speak, and denounce themselves, and now
they come before the people with a brand-new
assortment of rainbows and tiak for our sup
port. [Applause.j
I think it would, be a. proper proceeding for
us to look at what they nave done instead of
considering their new remedy, which they
propose for the mischief they themselves have
wrought.
The question of what our policy should be is
one upon which all men should unite and
agree, as our fathers did when they established
the mint, and as they did down to the War of
the Rebellion.
I can recognize and sympathize with the
class which is perfectly sincere in doubting a
line of policy, but I have no sympathy with
those who put forth the Democratic platform
at Chicago and proposed the free coinage of
silver as a measure cf repudiation and of
National disnonor. Mr. Bryan says and
makes an appeal to National pride thereby:
"Is not the country great enough to have bi
metallism at 16 to 1 without waiting for the
consent of other nations?"
That sounds well and may influence a vote,
bat I have simply to say that this great coun
try, however great It may be, is yet not great
enough to suspend a law of gravitation or any
of those great natural laws which no Congress
enacted and which no Congress can repeal.
We are great enough to establish silver
monometallism, If we will, but we cannot
have bimetallism and the free and unlimited
coinage and the use of two metals at a legal
ratio, which materially differs from their
relative bullion value. [Applause.]
I will endeavor to show that Mr. Bryan is
really an advocate of silver monometallism.
The mint was established at the recommenda
tion of that great statesman who aided George
Washington in founding the Republic—Alex
ander Hamilton. He was a bimetallist and es
tablished the first coinage ratio. But he went
to work like a statesman and not like a Popu
list. [Laughter and applause.] He worked
with his head instead of working exclusively
with his mouth.
If you will read his report on the mint you
will find therein precisely in what way be es
tablished the ratio, not, of 16 to I—one1 — one would
think that ttie Almighty had ordained that
those should forever be the relative bullion
values of those metals— but of 15 to 1. He
made a study of the markets of the world and
discovered that fifteen pounds of silver would
then buy exactly one pound of gold and that
these two quantities were exact equivalents.
This ratio obtained for from fifteen to twenty
years.
It was found, however, in the course of lime
that one pound of gold was worth a little more
than fifteen pounds of silver and as a natural
result thtit gold was being expelled from our
currency and either hoarded or exported. No
man would pay his debts with a gold dollar
when he could get a silver dollar with less
trouble. So we arrivea at a silver basis and
we had no gold.
In 183/t the matter came before Congress and
was caruiully considered by a committee of that
body, which found after another study of the
market* that the ratio was now 15 6-10 to 1.
Consequently a Mil establishing that ratio was
introduced. But somebody — whether a I'opu
list or not I do not know— warned an even
number and moved to amend the bill by
making the ratio 16 to 1. That motion car
ried.
So now, while one pound of gold was worth
15 6-10 pounds of silver it was not worth in
the markets of the world quite 16 pounds, and
the result was that silver began to be ex
ported and gold imported. We arrived at a
gold basis. Even that slight difference of
four-tenths of one point was sufficient to ex
pel our silver and to make us a gold mono
metallic people. And from 1834 to 1873, when
the "great crime" was committed, a silver
dollar was only a curiosity.
Here the speaker made a digression in
order to sbow that France, Germany and
the countries of the Latin union had passed
thioueh a similar financial experience.
Continuing he said:
This demonstrates that h the present ratio
were IS or 17 to 1 the Sat of the Government
making :t lti to 1 would put us upon a silver
basis. And it is, therefore, utterly preposter
ous, when the ratio is 32 to 1, to
have the two metals associated side by
side upon equal terms. If Mr. Bryan
is honest he will talk no longer In this cam
paign about being a blmetallisu He will say
frankly: "I am iv lavor of silver monometal
lism and of having this great Nation seceile
irom civilization, from the (treat commercial
nations of the world, from the great countries
of Europe, and rank ourselves by the side of
China and other half-civilized and
heathen nations." [Applause.] But Mr. Bryan
comes to the rescue again with an appeal to
our National pride, or rather to our National
hatred.
The speaker severely criticized Mr. Bry
an's contention that the Republican party
is trying to foist upon the country a Eu
ropean system of finance, and observed
that, though he would personally prefer
an American system of finance, yet he
would Belect a European system rather
than that of an alien and heathen race
like China.
He pointed out that the Republican
party is actually the true bimetallic party,
though it proposes to maintain the ex
isting financial standard until a change
can be effected by international agree
ment. Mr. Bryan's system would lead to
the expulsion of our gold which now did
the work of money. On the other hand
the Republican policy would retain $600,
-000,000 of gold side by side with the same
quantity of silver.
The speaker cited many other conclu
sive arguments to prove the logic of the
Republican political standpoint and to
further emphasize the fact that Mr. Bryan
is really a silver monometallism He
showed how the free and unlimited coin
age of silver would injure nearly every
class in the community — the farmer, the
artisan, the laborer and the policy-holder,
and incidentally knocked the bottom out
of the contention that the Mexican work
man enjoys a greater degree cf prosperity
than the American. The Mexican dollar
possessed only half the purchasing power
of the American dollar.
Mr. MeCall was interrupted by tbe
chairman when half-way through his
speech, and at the latter's request quoted
from a dispatch just received which stated
that the reult of the vote in Vermont
showed largely increased Repuolican
gains. [Loud applause.] After a partial
consideration of the tariff question, so
scrupulously ignored by Mr. Bryan, Mr.
MeCall concluded his magnificent effort as
follows:
If we must have a boy anything give us not
the boy orator but the boy soldier. [Applause.]
Give us the man to-day in the splendid ma
turity of his powers, who when a boy was
willing to bare his young breast to the smoke
and shot of battle in defense of his country — a
statesman of many years of ripened experi
ence; give us the great leader, the great pro
tectionist, the man who holds the honor of his
country as sacred as his own— give us as our
next President William McKinley. [Tremend
ous applause.]
At the close of Mr. McCall's magnificent
oration the powerful speaker was cheered
to the echo, being obliged to come to the
front no less than three times and bow his
acknowledgments to the applauding mul
titude. The quartet sang a stirring four
part song, the refrain to which consisted
of tunetul repetitions of the prophecy,
•'Protection is bound to win the day."
The band gave an inspiring rendition of
"The Union Forever," after which Mr.
Knight made excuses for Mr. Apsley, and
in bidding good-night to the audience
took occasion to remind all present that
the future weal or woe of the Nation would
be the result of the people's votes.
"Tbe evils that have come near ruining
our country in the near past," he said,
"are all traceable to the misuse of the
ballot. Had the people voted rieht the
country would have been governed right.
They made a mistake and the Nation fell
into a slough of despond and disaster.
"Among those who thus wrongly voted
were some Republicans. Now is the time
for these backsliders and turncoats to re
trace their steps and atone for their folly.
Go home and think about it. Good night."
Mr. Knight is always ' original, but
this novel way of dismissing a
large and cultured assemblage struck
the audience as ludicrously unique, even
for him, and amid mucn laughter and
cheering the gifted orator had to come to
tbe front and make his bow before any
one would go.
"Three cheers for McKinley and
Hobart," cried a stentorian voice from the
orchestra.
Three mighty cheers with a "tiger "
rent the air, and tbe great gathering dis
persed to the inspiring sound of an original
fantasia of American National airs rendered
by the band, many of the patriotic songs
being cau.ht up and sung by tbe people as
tney passed out of the edifice.
BIG RALLY AT INGLESIDE.
Ocean View Joins With the Race-
course Republicans for McKin
ley and the Party.
The Ingleside Republican Club held a
rousing meeting last night. In the ab
sence of J. W. Cook, president of the club,
V ice-President Robert Lee presided.
There were fully 400 persons present.
Robert Ash was the first speaker. He
dwelt at considerable length upon the
issues of the campaign and showed that
the free coinage of silver would only ben
efit the men who own the silver mines.
S. J. Duckworth, a Native Son from
Monterey, who ha* already addressed large
meetings at Petaluma and Healdsburg,
was the next speaker. He held his au
dience in close attention while he re
viewed the speeches of W. J. Bryan, and
from an array of facts and figures showed
where the Democratic leader is either
wofully ignorant or willfully false in some
of his statements.
Hon. J. K. Hobbs, Judge Schell, John
Daly and others made short addresses,
after which the Ingleside Glee Club
amused the gathering with some of its
patriotic campaign songs.
Speakers Assigned.
The assignments of public speakers made
by the Republican State Central Commit
tee for tne present week are as follows:
R. B. Carpenter— San Rafael on Thurs
day, Santa Clara on Friday, Elmira oa
Saturday.
C. W. Kyle— Bridgeport on Thursday,
Coalville on Friday.
Colonel T. V. Eddy— Nipomo on Wed
nesday, Cayucas on Thursday, Cambria
on Friday and Paso Robles on Saturday.
J- A. Barham and John H. Roberts —
Sierraville on Thursday, Sierra City on
Friday and Downieville on Saturday.
D. E. McKiniey — Ventura County dur
ing tbe week.
George C. Perkins— Vallejo on Thursday,
Livermore on Saturday.
Samuel M. Shortridge— Hanford on
Thursday.
Congressman Loud— Alviso on Wednes
day, Santa Clara on Friday and West Side
on Saturday.
W. H. L. Barnes— The Auditorium in
this City next Saturday evening.
John T. Dare— West Berkeley on Satur
day night.
Irving M. Scott— Modesto on Saturday
night
W. S. Barnes— Valle jo Thursday night.
Colonel J. H. Roberts spoke last night
in Reno. Nev., and had a large and en
thusiastic audience of Republicans.
Robert Duckworth will addre-s the Phe
nix Club to-morrow evening on "The Con
dition of Mexico."
National League.
The executive committee, finance com
mittee and vice-presidents of the National
Republican League met last evening at
headquarters at 24 Fourth street, Tirey L.
Ford in the chair and Eugene F. Bert offi
ciating as secretary.
J. F. McGlynn, George E. Morse and
William M. Abbott were appointed a com
mittee on entertainment for future meet
ines of the club on Tuesday evenings.
Secretary Bert was requested to send
letters of thanks to Mesyrs. Kanaka, Gib
son and Stephens, who were prepared to
address the meeting held last Saturday
night. The secretary wa« authorized also
to subscribe for The Call and other daily
papers of this City, and to keep them on
file for the use of the members during the
campaign.
The committee adjourned until next
Tuesday night at half-past 7 o'clock.
Howard Club.
A large and enthusiastic meeting of the
Howard Club was held last evening in
Pythian Castle Hall. The meeting was
called to order by Chris E. Newman.
Joim T. Dare was the speaker of tbe
evening. He charged that the Demo
cratic party went into power in the last
campaign unaer false pretenses, and that
wages of labor had decreased under the
administration of the Democratic party.
Afro- Americans.
The Afro-American League of San Fran
cisco will hold a ratification meeting at
the Wigwam, on the corner of Jones and
Eddy streets, on the 14th of Septemoer.
A resolution has been passed inviting the
McKinley and Ingleside clubs to attend;
also all the white Republican clubs. The
speakers names will be announced later on.
Stockton Ahead.
Ex-Superior Judge J. G. Swinnerton of
Stockton, father of Jimmy Swinnerton,
the well-known caricaturist, is visiting
this City. He reports that Stockton has
now an enthusiastic Republican club of
350 members, and that it is the largest
Reuubiican club that Stockton has ever
had.
At Rolando's Hall.
Republican Club No. 2, Thirty-sixth
Assembly District, will meet on Thursday,
September 3, at Rolamlo's hall, corner of
Twenty-eighth and Church streets. Good
speakers have been secured for the
meeting.
In England and Wales 8979 miles of
railway out of 9044 miles of double line
are worked on the block system. In Scot
land practically the whole of the mileage
is worked on that system.
One million will read '"Mechanics' Fair
Daily. "Advertise now. Mysell Rollins,22 Clay.*
Alexander Coblyn Plunging: Head First Almost JOO Feet From the Roof of the Ltirline Baths, His
J79-potmd Body Was About Three Seconds in Falling That Distance.
A NINETY-NINE
FOOT PLUNGE,
Alex Coblyn's Lofty Dive
at the Lurline
Baths.
HIS TURN IN THE AIR.
Taking a Graceful Header in
Only Eight Feet of
Water.
A RIVAL OF STEV3 BRODIE.
Just a Simple Control of the Body.
Hj Will Dive From Brooklyn
Bridge.
A young all-round athlete at the Lurline
Baths is treading in tta- footsteps of Steve
Brodie — who will soon arrive here — or
rather is diving through the air in the
track of the groat Brooklyn bridge jump
er. His name is Alexander Coblyn, a na
tive of France, 28 years of age. He first
began his career as a diver from the arches
of the Pont Neuf into the Seine when he
was a little Parisian lad, and has kept up
his amphibious plunges ever since.
Coblyn does not drop feet foremost into
deep water, like Biodie and other high
jumpers, but comes down head on, turn
ing at will in the air, and piercing the
surface like a duck. As his hands reach
the water he curves again, which prevents
his body from sinking more than three or
four feet.
At the Lurline Baths yesterday he
mounted to a frail platform close to the
skylight, ninety-nine fett above the great
tank. Theie was only eight feet of water
under him, and it seemed that from that
lofty dive he would be dashed to pieces.
When all was ready he took in a long
breath and ligntiy sprang into the space
before him. His body shot down about
twenty feet, then began to turn. It was a
graceful curve, and before half of the
distance was reached he was completely
reversed, his body vertical, and with
hands stretrhed out and meeting below
his head he struck tne water exactly 3 1-5
i seconds from the instant he left the pint
form. By a fair calculation it can be said
that ii Is 177-pouna body would fall at the
rate of 100 feet in three seconds, descend
j mc sixteen feet the first second, the speed
increasing the remaining two seconds!
As he struck the water he turned into a
horizontal position, sinking only four feet,
and immediately appeared uninjured and
swimming swiftly toward the landing
place.
The diver then climbed to a 75-foot plat
form and gave a number of exhibition
falls. He stood on his hands at the ed^e
of his lofty perch and letting his legs
swing outward over his head whirled in a
complete turn, striking the water head
first. He threw a summersault id the air,
maKing two turns, entering the water
always with a graceful header.
"It is much safer and causes less ill
effects to dive than jump," said he, "if
you can get your bead pointed straight
downward as you strike, because in a iong
descent the blood and t^e body organs
that are more or less movable will iift up
toward the feet and you come down feel
ing all right. A person can think pretty
fast even during the few instances he is
cutting through the air, and whenever I
lind my body getting out of the vertical I
twist myself back into a safe position
again. I have such control over my mus
j cles that I can dive as safely 200 feet as I
i can 100. Dropping from a" great height
! 1 would have plenty of time to get myself
! into shape for the strike. It is easy if one
i has a little neve and knows how to
■ handle himself.
"I am eoinc: East soon to take the 120
-foot dive from Brooklyn bridge. Brodie
IHEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
NOVELTY
BLACK DRESS
FABRICS!
THE LATEST NOVELTIES
FOR FALL 1896.
44-ISCH BLACK PIREOLA CLOTHS, assorted styles
$U.OO Dress Pattern
' 45-lAOH BLACK NOVELTY SUITINGS, Astrartian effects. . . .
$14.00 Dress Pattern
44-INCH BLACK NOVELTY MOHAIRS, in a variety of designs
$10.50 Dress Pattern
4S-INCH BLACK EJfiLISJI BOI'RETTES, eight different pat-
terns $8.75 Dress Pattern
52-INCH BLACK NOVELTY CHEVIOTS, extra heavy
$6.00 Dress Pattern
54-INCH BLACK NOVELTY CHEVIOTS, Diagonal
$4.50 Dress Pattern
WRITE FOR SAMPLES.
TELEPHONE GRANT 184.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
jumped it, I believe, but I will dive it, and
if I can get a hUher elevation I will beat
him. I will try any feat in this line where
I have plenty of air to turn in and water
to land in."
Francis Geddes, a lad 16 years old and a
pupil of Coblyn, made a number of grace
ful dives from tMe 75-foot platform under
the direction of his master. He wanted to
attempt the 99-foot drop, but the teacher
vetoed the act.
The two divers went to Stockton last
night, where they will duck into the
slough for the edification of the Admis
sion day celebrators.
D MANP \ JURY.
The Case of Dr. A. A. Cunningham to
Be Tried September 16.
The case of A. A. Cunningham, ex-sec
retary of the veterinary department of the
State University, charged with misde
meanor embezzlement, was called again in
Judge Conlan's court yesterday morning.
Jl c QttitUUlliii'a ulio.llcy ucuiuuuctl a
trial by jury, and it was set for Septem
ber 16.
Friends of Cunningham assert that
he will be able to satisfy the jurors of his
innocence.
The charge of perjury preferred against
him by Justice of the Peace Carroll will be
heard by Judge Joachimsen to-day.
25 PER GENT
SAVED
Suits, Pants and Overcoats Made
to Order at 25 per Cent Less
Than Any Other Tailor
on the Pacific Coast.
Pants to Order. Suits to Ordee.
$3.50. -ft $10.00.
$4.50. ' /gjk $13.50.
$5.00. §fgi§ $1500.
1 56.00. "%■» $17.00.
$7.00. fBl $20.00.
$8.00. /1 1 $25.00.
$9.00 t&-\' $30.00
AND UI "W.AJR,IDS.
Perfect fit and best of workmanship guaranteed
or no sale Don't fail to examine our good* be for*
buying elsewhere.
JOE POHEIM, THE TAILOR.
201 and 203 Montgomery at., cor. Bush.
734 and 844 to 846 and 1110, 1112 Mar-
ket, San Francisco. 485 Fourteenth St.,
Oakland, Cal. ;.
SPECIALSALE
OF GENUINE
CUT -
GLASSWARE!
Individual Salts, regular price 20c, oar price... 100
Pepper and Salt Shakers, stiver-plated tops,
regular price 35c, our price 200
Toothpick Holders, 'Zy, inches high, regular
price 66c, our price 350
Sugar sifters, sliver- plated tops, 4 Inches high,
regular price $1, our price 600
Mustard Pots, silver-plated tops, regular price
91, our price - 800
Vases, 4% Inches high, regular price 90c, our
price. ; 590
Sauce Plates, 4% inches wide, regular price
$1 25, our price 75 O
Syrup Jugs, silver-plated tops, 4% inches
high, regular price $2, our price. $1 25
Bonbon Trays, 51,4 inches wide, regular price
f2, our price $1 35
49- RAZORS and SHEARS ground by
skilled mechanics, a specialty.
B>S-BgQ MARKET ST.
<fc7*ft «*4 ROOMS
%f*' mm %mP consisting op
PAR'U)R I BEDR3OM I DINING-ROOM I KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard .SO Cent«
OilCloth, per yard 85 Cents
Matting, per yard 10 Cent*
Solid Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces 995 00
Solid Oak Folding Bed. with Mirror \ $£5 O JJ
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
Tour-Room Catalogue* Mail d Free.
67 y *« Packing and Dcll.wy *ersH lie Im,