VOLUME LXXX.— NO. 120.
UNHOLY ALLIANCE DENOUNCED
Los Angeles Democrats Demand
the Resignation of Senator
White.
\VFLL NO LONGER BE BARTERED AS
HIS CHATTELS.
Uprising Against the Combine Formed to
Perpetuate an Office-Holding
Dynasty.
STATE COMMITTEE ASKED TO CALL FOR
HIS WITHDRAWAL.
Repudiation of the White-Cator Clique That Is
Trafficking in Legislative Nominations
to the Disgrace of Two
Parties,
Los Angklis Office of The Call,)
• 328 South Broadway. V
Loe Angeles, Ca!., Sept. 27.)
The following: communcation, which
has been ad !ressed to the chairman of the
Democratic State Central Committee by
Alva UdeJ of this city, will undoubtedly
create a sensation in political circles
■ throughout the State:
To the Chairman of the Democratic State Central
■ Committee— Sir: The joint assembly of the
Thirtieth California Legislature elected
Stephen M. White to represent this State in
the United S.ates Senate. The election of Mr.
• White grew out of a scheme, evidently of his
own planning, by which the Democratic party
of Cali.orma, for the first time in its history,
' in State convention, nominated a candidate
for the United States Senate. This honor Mr.
White secured unto himsslf, and, until he
had received the nomination, his allegiance
' to the Democra:ic party h«d never been ques
tioned. la the year 1879 his father, a life
long Democrat, belted a corrupt management
of the Democracy and was nominated for
\ Governor of the State by the Workingmen.
who constituted the rank and file of the
• Democratic party.
The sagacious son, however, refused to
cna. ; tc:.anco his sire's ambition, and the
senior White was defeated, and passed into hia
grave a disheartened and repudiated poli
tician. "Our Steve" turned his "daddy" down,
and by remaining in the camp of the corrupt
bosses, in effect branded his father as a polit
ical charlatan. In that memorable campaign
Hon. J. J. Ayers, now of Los Angeles, was
nominated on the same ticket with the elder
White, but Stephen, the son. differed, and be
came chnirmnn of the machine convention
. that named Wallace Leach, then of San Diego,
as the proper Democratic Oongressionral
nominee to oppose the ticket headed Dy W. F.
White and J. J. Avers.
The son, thus pitted against his father, was
able to hold the Democratic party in hia polit
ical-talons until he forced his Senatorial nomi
nation in 1892. Then, to gratify his own ambi
tion, one oi the most disgraceful campaigns
that the people of California have ever en
dured was conceived in Iniquity and carried
to its logical results. The most corrupt and
notorious combinations were made. Demo
cratic nominations oi candidates for the State
Legislature were held to be the property of
Stephen M. White and notoriously traded to
an antagonistic organization for votes in the
joint assembly to advance him to the United
• States Senate. In this Congressional district
the Democratic nomination for Congress was
' deliberately bartered to the Populist candidate
for his influence as a lea<lei to see that the
contracts were fulfilled and that the Populists
elected to the Legislature would stay bought.
These Infamous transactions culminated in
the joint assembly on January 18, 1893, when
certain Populists, to esc&pe the contracts they
had corruptly made, openly charged bribery
and corruption, and the record thereof is
notoriously spread on the journal of the joint
assembly.
In view of these things the fact becomes too
serioub to deny that the late Democratic party
of this State belongs to White. It is clearly
his property, and as the owner and the chattel
cannot be merged in the same persou it is ab-
surd to deny that the owner belongs to the
party which be uses as a chattel to puichaee
his own political elevation. Does White be
long to the Democratic party or does the late
Democratic party belong to White? This
question tbe lifelong and deserving Democrat
will seriously consider when he reflects on
the situation and realizes that bis own polit
ical identity as a sovereign citizen is lost In
the possessions bartered and exchanged in
these pernicious transactions.
It was charitable indeed for the Democracy
to silently suffer their principles and their
citizenship to be exchanged like chattels, as
they covertly were in the campaign of 1893.
But to submu to a notorious repetition of the
offense is taxing the enduring patience of
every free-born citizen who cherishes a Demo
cratic principle.
The Senatorial and Congressional matters
are again involved in the present campaign.
The State Senators and Assemblymen to be
elected will choose a successor to George C.
Parkins, and the Senators will vote for a suc
cessor to Senator White The late Populist
State Convention commute! the same error
that the Democracy d;d lour years ago by
nominating a candidate for United States Sen
ator. The honor, if honor it may be called,
was conferred upon one Thomas V. Cator and
now be and Mr. White are attempting to con
summate a notorious deal toelect each other to
the United States Senate. Both practically
own what they claim to be the Populist and
Democratic parties respectively, and both are
driving trades at a rate that would make the
WaU-street Jew turn pale with envy.
Fusion candidates for the Legislature have
been programmed in such manner as would
best suit tne interest* ot Cator and White,
and the Democratic nomination for congress
in this district has been given to a socialistic
protege of T. V. Cator. In these respecta the
trades made in 1892 and 1896 are identical,
except that in the present case there are two
beneficiaries interested in the Senatorial in
.trigues. These things naturally bring us up
to the question: Is either of the political or
ganizations they own the Democratic party?
If not, are both com Dined the Democratic
party? If neither severally nor jointly they
cons'.hute the Democralic party, are sincere
Democrats bound to suffer in tame submission
to the unscrupulous designs ot the socialistic
vendors?
A very large and respectable number of life
lane CemoarkU believe that the dangerous
The San Francisco Call.
doctrines of communism and anarchy are be
ing indorsed and engrafted upon the body
politic through these fusion schemes urged by
office-seeking politicians, who have thereby
betrayed and betrothed the Democracy to the
secret allies of foreign socialism. The schem
ers who urge and support these corrupt com
binations seem to view the nomination of
William J. Bryan, not as a triumph of Demo
crutic principle*, but as a compromise with
communism, and a means by which they might
obtain office and advancement through con
federation with men urging doctrine* antag
onistic to tne principles oi" Democracy. Their
venality and covetous ambition have deprived
the Democracy of Los Angeles County and
other parts of the State of a party organization.
Two factions of socialists have here united,
put forth fie same candidates and under the
direction of Cator and White one laction has
usurped end dishonored the name of Democ
racy. Meanwhile the Democracy of this
county has no organization that adheres to
Democratic principles. Therefore, it is mani
fest tnat Stephen M. White is no longer a
Democrat, but the leader of a faction of men
who pander to the dangerous fa.lacies of for
eign socialism, while veracious history proves
that his faction is nothing more than bis per
sonal chattels, to be traded to T. V. Cator an*
nisfaction for public position* to be filled b>-
Cator and White and their favorite henchmen.
Tnese considerations have urged the pro
visional committee for reorganization of the
Los Angeles Democracy to resolve that the
State committee, of which you are chairman,
be respecttuliy requested, by appropriate
action, to call for the resignation of Stephen
M. White as United States Senator, to the end
that a Democratic Governor may appoint a
worthy Democrat to fill the vacancy thereby
created. We were among the pio eers in the
advocacy of free coinage of silver, and our
adherence to the cause is as firm and patriotic
as the fidelity of aiy man can be when tested
by an unalterable loyalty to the candidacy of
William J. Bryan. But we will not abandon
Democratic principles to gratify the ambition
of Senator White, or of any other man or set
of men. Alva Udell,
Secretary Provisional Committee for Reorgani
zation Los Angeles Democracy.
Lob Angeles, Sept. 25, 1896.
RATS KILL A BABE.
Attack the Infant in Its Crib and Gnaw
It so Badly That Death Soon
Ensues.
BALTIMORE, Md., Sept. 27.— Three big
rats attacked the two-montns'-old baby of
Mr. and Mrs. Isaac Asher of 1150 Low
street last night and gnawed its face,
head and neck to such an extent that the
infant died in a short time.
Mr. Asher live 9 over his store. He was
looking after bis business and Mrs. Asher
had gone to marker when the rats started
to make a meal off the helpless infant
which was snugly tucked in its crib in the
second story. Hearing the baby crying,
the father hurried upstairs and, as he en
tered the room in which the infant was
lying, three large, vicious-looking rats
j'lmpe i out of the crib and scampered off.
The horrified father found that the flesh
had been torn from the baby's tender face,
head and neck. Before a physician could
be summoned the baby died.
A MARTIR TO LABORS 8 CAUSE.
Imposing Funeral and Sensational Inci
dent at Cleveland.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Sept. 27. — This
evening the body of Thomas Evans, the
striker who was fatally shot on August
14 by non-union men during the recent
labor troubles here, was buried in Wood
lawn Cemetery. He died last Thursday.
It rained all day, but despite the weather
over 5000 trades unionists marched in line
to the North Presbyterian Church, where
the funeral services were held, and after
ward accompanied the body to the grave.
There were five bunds in the procession,
playing continuous dirges. Along the
line thousands of people collected and
viewed the funeral cortege with uncov
ered heads. Just as the line swung into
Woodland; avenue a motorman tried to
run his car through. The incensed crowd
tore him from the car, broke the trolley
and threatened to mob the conductor.
The dead man is looked upon as a martyr
to the cause of labor.
MEXICO WIELDING THE AX.
Chief of the Fedrral Telegraph Service
Lo*e* His 11. nil
BT. LOUIS, Mo., Sent. 27.-A special
from the City of Mexico says a stir was
created yesterday in official circles when
it was announced that General Saturnin
I?las, head of the Federal telegraph lines,
has been removed from oflice. It came
suddenly and unannounced, and other
heads of departments sit uneasily now,
not knowing when the ax will fall in their
respective domains. General Islas arrived
here Friday morning from Budapest,
wnither he had been sent by the Mexican
Government as a representative to the
telegraph congress, aud was succeeded
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 28, 1896.
yesterday by Augustin Cnavez as chief of
the department. Everything pertaining
to the Federal telegraph was turned over
to him.
•
DEATH IN A TORRENT.
Four Lives Lost by Saturday's Cloud
burst in Texas — Residents Res
cued From Tree tops.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., Sept. 27.—Re
ports received to-day from San Marcos,
■which was swept by a cloudburst yester
day, indicate the proDable loss of four
lives. The house in which these people
lived was completely wrecked, and no
trace of their bodies has been found. A
portion of the town is yet covered with
from five to twenty feet of water. All
business is suspended, and the work of re
lief progresses slowly, because the town is
divided by a racing torrent and traffic is
stopped in the flooded district.
Many people, including whole families,
were rescued from treetops to-day by men
in boats. Had the storm occurred at
night the loss of life would have been ap
palling.
The mountain of water seemed to have
been unloosed in the twinkling of an eye.
It swept away railroad embankments,
bridges, buildings and fences, and, pour
ing the mighty volume into the river
couree, caused the stream to rise with a
rapidity which threatened to destroy the
entire city. For a distance of nearly
three-quarters of a mile the International
and Great Northern road track was
washed out, rails and ties being swept for
a great distance away from their original
location. The Missouri, Kansas and
Texas Railroad also suffered t c loss of a
long stretcn of track, and both roads lost
several houses and a large quantity of
material along the line.
The damage sustained by the Interna
tional and Great Northern Railway is es
timated at $10,000, while the Missouri,
Kansas and Texas Railroad has sustained
an equally heavy loss, and the loss to the
city and citizens will reach the same
figure, making the total damage $30,000.
SUFFERING IN LIBERIA.
Returned Colonists Tell of Want, Hunger
and Pestilential Ravages in the
African Republic.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 27. — Among
the passengers whom the steamship Waes
land, from ijiverpool, landed here to-day,
were six colored people who were over
joyed at finding themselves again in the
United States.
They were Tay^pr Smith of Forest City,
Ark., his wife and two children and two
friends, and they all had sad stories to
tell of the want, misery and hunger suf
fered by the negro southern colonists who
sailed from Savannah in tiie Laurada last
March to try their fortunes in the black
republic of Liberia.
From the day they landed at Monrovia,
Smith sa>d, until their departure they
were unable to get an hour's work of any
kind. Twenty-five acres of ground was
given them by the Liberian Government,
bat there were no houses to sh-lter them
or their families.
Soon after their arrival the rainy season
began, and with it came a deathly malar
ial fever called by the natives "John Bull
fever," whicn carried away forty 01 the
newcomers, among whom was one of
Smith's children. The disease was still
doing its deadly work when he left for the
United States.
Smith states that nearly every one of the
peisons tak'-'n to Liberia from Savannah
was afflicted with illness and many of
them died. When Smith left, an old
friend, half naked and crippled by dis
ease, hobbled out into the surf to bid him
what they all felt would be a last farewell.
President Chieseman of Liberia and the
missionaries did all they could for the un
fortunates, but the returned colonist says
that, like everybody else, they had very
little money, and there was no money or
work for them.
DROWNED IN BOSTON BANSON.
lhe Bodies of Five Victim* of m Imeht
liisa.tter Recovered.
BOSTON, Mass., Bept. 27.— Two bodies,
supposed to be those ot victims of a yacht
disaster, were found in Long Island in
Boston harbor to-day. A party of men
went fishing on the Hebe a week ago. The
yacht was found later, but none of the oc
cupants have been heard of since. Later
in the day three more bodies were found,
one on Gallup Island and two others float
ing in the sound.
The five were brought to the morgue in
this city, where four were identified as
those of the three Burk brothers, Mi
chael, Martin and John, and Henry Don
nelly. Martin and John Burke and Dm
nelly were employed by the \\ est End
street-railway company. Martin Burke
was 23 years old and leaves a widow and
child.
HOLDS OF A TAE-TRAIN.
Outlaw Jne Thon pson Make* a Rleh
Haul and Shoot* to Kill.
CHARLESTOWN, W. Va., Bept. 27.-
While the paymaster for the Longdale
Coal and Iron Company, W. T. Wilson,
was en route to Cliff Top by a short-line
road yesterday with money to pay off the
miners there, bejwas attacked by Outlaw
Joe Thompson, who, with a revolver in
each hand, compelled all on the pay-train
to throw up their hands and seized the
packages of money, amouniing to $2000.
Wilson began firm.' at him when about
fifty yards away, but the shots failed to
take effect. The robber returned the tire
and shot Wilson in the groin, inflicting a
fatal wound. A j>os-e and bloodhounds
are in pursuit of tbe robber.
DECLARES FOR McKINLEY.
Resignation of a Democratic Electoral
Aotninee in Pennsylvania.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Sept. 27.— Harry Alva
Hall, United States Attorney, who. was
nominated as a candidate for Presidential
elector on the Democratic ticket, resigned
from the ticket, and in an open letter ad
dressed to Chairman Garman of the Dem
ocratic State Committee, declares that he
cannot accept the platform of the Chicago
Convention, which he characterizes as~a
convention of socialists. He reaffirms his
opposition to the policy of protection, but
announces; his intention to work for the
election of McKinley, believing that the
welfare of the country at the present time
demands it. . -. v
Two Bank Failure* in Kansas.
TOPEKA, Kans., Sept. 27.— Two bank
failures were reported } yesterday, one :at
Argonia and the other at . Tribune. ' The
a' tor reported liabilities amounting to
$6000. 'J Its capital stock is $5000. No
cause .is . assigned for the failures other
than a gradual ; shrinkage of business in
the western part of the State*
He Has a String on It*
DEATH CHEATS
A FURIOUS MOB
Cleveland Citizens Attempt
to Avenge a Father's
Crime.
WILD RACE FOR LIFE
With Pursuers Close Upon Him
the Culprit Plunges Into
a River.
SIKKS TO EISE NO MORE.
His Wife and Son Dying From Inju
ries Inflicted in Drunken
Rage.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, ' Sept. 27.— Just be
fore dark to-night Edward Wald, a ship
carpenter, residing at 53 Mulberry street,
narrowly escaped lynching at the bands
of an infuriated mob of West Side citizens,
only to lose, his life in the Cuyaho.'a
River, into which be plunged to escape
pursuers.
Wald came home under the influence of
liquor, quarrelled with his wife and finally
struck her. Their 14-year-old son, Ed
ward, seized bis father's arm and asked
him to quit, whereupon the brute became
enraged and threw the boy down the
stairway leading to the street, a distance
of twenty feet. The little fellow screamed
for help and rolled out of the open door
way into the street writhing and frothing
at the mouth.
Dr. C. A. Turner was summoned to at
tend the boy and a crowd quickly col
lected to revenge the brutal outrage. Rev.
John McHale, a Catholic priest, was
hastened to the scene and administered
the last rites of the church to the dying
boy. Meanwhile the crowd increased to a
mob. which was goaded into a fury by the
sight of the helpless child struggling in
convulsions on the pavement until the
clamor for revenee swellpd into an omin
ous roar. An impromptu delegation of
forty forced its way into the house to drag
out me inhuman father and others were
dispatched for a. rope.
Wald had locked himself in a bedroom.
Tne door was broken open and he was
dragged into the street, fighting desper
ately. The police arrived before the rope
appeared. The mob gave battle to the po
lice, determined not to allow Wald to es
cape them. During the scrimmage the
prisoner broke loose from those who were
holding him and ran down an alley to
ward the river. The mob was close at
his heels and when the fugitive reached
the river, knowing ihat his chance for life
was far less than even if captured, plunged
into the cold, muddy water of the Cuya
hogaund was drowned. His body has not
been recovered.
Th* boy will die and the wife's injuries
may also prove fatal
TURKISH PRISONERS MUTINY.
Twenty Men Killed in a Desperate Fight
With Soldiers on the Island ot
Rhodes.
LONDON, Eno., Sept. 27.— A dispatch
to the Central News from Athens reports
a mutiny among the Turkish an-l Greek
prisoners who are confined on the island
of Rhodes.
Troops were called upon to restore order,
but the prisoners, instead of obeying the
orders to disperse, attacked toe soldiers
and a desperate fight occurred, Before
tha prisoners were subdued twenty men
wore killed and forty wounded.
The Daily News will to-morrow publish
a dispatch from Constantinople denying
the recent reports that attempts had been
made to assassinate the Sultan and that
there has been a mutiny among the troops
at Yildiz Kiosk.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, Bept. 27.
— A circular issued by the young Turkey
party has been secretly distributed
throughout the city. It condemns the
action of the Sultan as being contrary to
the principles of Islam and cites the Koran
to prove this. Coutlnuing, it declares that
such action entails the Caliph's dethrone
ment, possibly death.
»
DANUDE CA N BE NATIGATED.
The Great Iron Gate lirtxcem Alt-Orsova
and Glaitora Itemored.
BUDAPEST, Hungary, Sept 27.— The
great engineering work of removing tbe
obstruction in the Danube known as the
iron gatn, between Alt-Orsova, in Hun
gary, and Gladova, in Servia, has been
finally accomplished, and to-day the river
was opened to navigation with elaborate
ceremonies by Emperor Francis Joseph.
His Majesty was accompanied by King
Charles of Roumania and King Alexander
of Servia. A large number of diplomats,
ministers of state and distinguished men
were present. Included in the programme
was a procession of steamers through the
iron eate, which afforded proof of how
successfully the work of removing the
obstacles to navigation has been accom
plished.
Greft crowds from tne neighboring
towns were present, as were also a large
number of troops. The day was fine and
the ceremonies passed off with much
eclat.
TO MAKE EGIPT INDEPENDENT.
Rumored Mission of the Khedive to
European Courts.
LONDON, Esq., Sept. 27 — The Times
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Cairo, saying it is currently stated in
naval circles that tne Khedive, who re
cently started on a tour of Europe where
he traveled incognito, took with him a
draft of a scheme for the independence of
Egypt. The draft was drawn at the
Khedive's own direction by native offi
cials. It is added that the Khedive, while
in Paris, had an interview with M.
Hanotaux, the French Minister. of For
eign Affairs.
Tne Times in commenting on the dis
patch disclaims that there is foundation
for the statements contaiued therein, and
that it causes disquiet. It adds that evi
dence exists oi underhand attempts being
made to thwart the British reform in
Egypt, and that these attempts will cause
trouble unless they are checked.
The Khedive sailed from Trieste for
Egypt on Friday last.
O VERLADEN BOAT SINKS
Seven of the Occupant* Perish in Sight
of Reveuers.
LONDON, Eno., Sept. 27.— Seven lives
were lost to-day at Shields by the founder
ing of a boat that was overladen. The
party that entered the boat sank her
almost to the gunwales, but as they were
in perfectly smooth water there was no
danger. When, however, they got some
distance out in the harbor they encoun
tered a small sea, which broke over tbe
boat, and, despite the efforts made to bail
her, soon filled her and caused her to
sink. Other boats went to the rescue, but
before they could reach the people struer
ling in the water seven of the party had
been drowned.
THIRST LEO TO CAPTURE.
lwo Men Stop to Imbibe Liquor in a
Saloon Ihey Had Robbed,
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 27.— T0-night
the police revealed the identity of the two
prisoners they have held at tbe Central
station for the last cwenty-'our hours.
They are Bert Kaiser, alias George Stan
ley, and James Bowen, alias Curtiss, alias
Watson, and are the leaders of tbe gang of
highwaymen that terrorized Cleveland
last month. Both are well-known crooks
and have served time.
On Saturday night about 8 o'clock the
two prisoners entered the saloon of Wil
liam Irfert in Sheriff street, covered the
proprietor with their revolvers, looted the
cash drawer and then made the frightened
man "set up the drinks." A few minutes
later they held up the saloon of James
Keating, and after confiscating the cash
sat down at a table to drink. A porter
slipped out and called tbe patrolmen, who
arrestea them after a sharp fight, during
> which several shots were exchanged*
LEADVILLE'S BIG
STRIKE IS ENDED
Miners Meet and Agree to
Accept the Old Scale
of Prices.
TWO MONTHS OF TERROR
Resulting in the Union's Failure
and the Killing of Five
of Its Men.
A SCRAMBLE FOR OLD PLACES
Strikers Will Be Taken Back Where
Discharge otNw Men Is Not
Necessitated*
LEADVILLE, Colo., Bept. 27.— The
great miners' strike, which has kept Lead
ville in a turmoil for nearly two months
and which resulted in the killing of five
men last Monday, and the subsequent
placing of the c ; ty under martial law, is
ended. A meeting of the strikers was
held last night under the supervision of
the militia, and after a stormy session it
was finally decided that the men return
to work at the old schedule prices, provid
ing that the mine owners would agree to
give them their old places. A committee
of tive was appointed to confer with the
mine owners, and it is generally believed
that outside of the one or two mines that
have started up with non-union men, the
old men will be taken back.
The strike was the outcome of the or
ganization of the miners by the Western
Federation of Miners, and as every miner
was a nnion man their demands were re
fused. The miners asked $3 a day for all
classes of workmen, including surfaoe and
underground men. This tbe owners de
clared they would not pay and nearly all
of them closed down, several even allow
ing the pumps to stop. Tue employers re
mained willing to continue paying the
wages which had prevailed up to that
time. Under this scale surface workers
were paid only $2 50. Practically the only
change the union demanded was the ad
vance of these men to $3.
ALMOST A NOTHER PANIC.
■Firing of m Few Shots Causes Wild and
Unfounded Runtors.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Sept. 27.— At 10
o'clock to-night a report came into town
that the guard at tbe water works res
ervoir was being attacked by an armed
force of miners. A few moments later the
report was followed by a rumor that
another party was making an assault
upon the Bohn shaft, which is also under
strong military guard. Trouble was an
ticipated by the militia to-night and every
precaution had been made in advance to
int-et and repel all attacks.
Upon a prompt investigation it was
learned that a tew shots had been fired in
the vicinity of the water works, but no
one was hurt and no attacs upon the party
discovered. The mines under guard re
port by telephone to-night that every
thing is quiet.
SURVEYING COUPS ROBBED.
Relieved of Cash ana Cheek* fry Seven
Unmasked Highwaymen.
PARIS, Tex., Sept. 27.— A. T. Walker,
who is in charge of a Government survey
ing corps of fifteen men engaged in sec
tionizing the Indian Territory, arrived
here yesterday, and reports that on Tues
day nitrht last seven highwaymen came to
their camp, six miles northwest of Grant,
Ind. T , and robbed them at the muzzl-s
of Winchesters. The robbers obtained
$150 in cash and $850 in checks. The men
were white and unmasked. They did
tneir work like exports.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
HARD WORK SUITS
MAJOR McKINLEY
Strong and Confident After
a Very Laborious
Week.
IN EXCELLENT SPIRITS.
Short, Crisp Talks Will Take
the Place of Exhaustive
Arguments.
PROGRAMME FOR THIS WEEK.
Every Day There Will Bj a Reception
of Delegations, Many From Long
Distances.
CANTON Ohio, Sept. 27.— Major Mc-
Kinley was not in the least fatigued by
his week of hard work, which he closed
with eleven speeches yesterday. He is in
excellent spirits to-day and says he ha 3
not felt better at any time during the
campaign. He remained at home during
tbe morning and spent the afternoon at
his sister-in-law's, Mrs. Barber, where ha
and Mrs. McKinley dined.
Major McKinley expects a week ot
arduous work, but he will not have as
many delegations as he had to receive last
week. Probably the most exacting six
days Df the campaign will be next week,
when there are a large number of big
delegations coming from long distances to
call on the Republican candidate. Major
McKinley seems to thrive on hard work,
and it cannot be seen that the campaign
has in any way impaired his health or
robbed him of his strength. It is hia
purpose to make bis speeches considerably
shorter as delegations increase in number,
and this new plan was resorted to yester
day, when he made eleven speeches.
Major McKinley feels that the campaign
of education has been comprehensive and
thorough on the part of the Republicans,
that the arguments are in the main all
in and that short crisp talks to the people
who come to see him will be effective
and saiisfactory at this stage of the cam
paign. Tuesday and Saturday wiil be in
teresting days this week. On Tuesday a
visit from a large Woman's McKin
ley Club of Cincinnati is expected and on
Saturday the Wheelmen's McKinley and.
Hobart Clubs are expected in Canton.
It is believed that there will be between
8000 and 10,000 wheelmen in the parade
on Saturday. A large delegation of
wheelmen is coming from Chicago and
intermediate poiuts and many are ex
pected from Pittsburg and the East.
Ttiere are six delegations booked for
Saturday, but that number will probably
be doubled before the end of tne week.
Delegations are scheduled as late as Octo
ber 22, and it is likely they will continue
to come until the first day of November.
It is proposed by some of the local leaders
to have a big rally here about the middle
of October and to have a number of
strong speakers present. Major McKin
ley will begin next week's work on Mon
day, when two delegations are to call.
The engagements for the week are as fol
lows:
Monday— The citizens of Lisbon, Ohio,
and members of the African M. E. Con
ference.
Tuesday— Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
men; farmers and business men of North
ern Indiana; the old soldiers of Sandusky,
Ohio; Ladies' McKinley Club of Cincin
nati; the farmers of Geauga County, Ohio;
locomotive engineers of Chicago.
Wednesday— People of Bellefonte, Pa;;
citizens of Nonhwestern Ohio.
Thursday— UcKinley Brigade of Spring
field, Ohio; McKinley Club of Portage
County, Ohio.
Friday— ltalian Club of Chicago; farm
ers of the West Virginia Panhandle.
Saturday— Citizens of Venango County,
Pennsylvania; Commercial Travelers'
Sound Money Club of Marsfield, Ohio;
the Wheelmen's McKinley and Hobart
clubs of the United States; Bohemian-
American clubs of Cleveland.
Sunday— Creek Valley (Ohio) Coal
Miners' Republican clubs.
BRIAN'S FUINSEART.
WiH Speak in Southern A'ew EnglamX
Citie.t To- Hay.
BATH, Me., Sept. 27— As the guest of
his political partner, William J. Bryan
spent a quiet, restful day, and with Mr.
Seawall left Bath at midnight for Lynn
and Boston. Messrs. Bryan and Sewall
attended service at the Central Congrega- '
tional Church. At the conclusion of ttia
services the candidates started for Small
Point, twelve miles from Bath", behind a
mettlesome pair of trotters. Mr. Seawall
has a summer cottage at Small Point,
overlooking the Atlantic at the mouth of
the Kennebec, ana here Mr. Bryan found
quite a party of Mr. Sewall's friends.
A fish dinner was served. The head of
the Democratic ticket immensely enjoyed .- .
the dinner and the quiet of Small Point.
Jo-epti H. Manley also has a cottage there.
Mr. Manley is in New York, but his cot
tase was decorated with American flags ia* •
honor of Mr. Bryan's visit. Mr. Bryan
returned to Bath at 7 o'clock, and three
hours later he went on board a sleeping- '
car which was attacned to the midnight *
train.
Mr. Sewall will accompany Mr. Bryan
Up the system now with a few bottles. "
Hood's barsaparilla and thus avoid that
run-down condition which invites pneu*
monia and fevers.
Sarsaparilla
Is the best— in fact the One True Blood Puriflet.
Hf»nfl'<H Pill« do not cause pain ox *
IIUUU * fIII& gripe. AU druggiats. 2Sg«2
as far as New York. The itinerney ar"
ranged for Mr. Bryan to-morrow has been
1 changed. Instead of going to Boston and
Providence he will stop at Lynn, where
. his train is due at 5:30, take breakfast
there, speak at 7 o'clock and leave for
Boston at 8 o'clock.
Arriving there at 8:20 o'clock he will be
driven to the park station and leave for
' Providence at 9 o'clock on the Colonial ex
press, over the Shore road. At 10:15 Mr.
Bryan' "will reach Providence, and will
leave there an hour later, nfter making an
address. He will reach New London at
noon. An hour wili be spent at New Lon
don, and at 1:05 the candidate will start
for New York, where he is due at 4:30.
To-morrow night will be eiven up to
speeches at Paterson, New York City aud
Jersey City.
Mr. Bryan's itiuerary between October 3,
when he will again speak in St. Louis, and
October 8, the date of his Burlington
lowa, speech, has been practically ar
ranged. He will go from Memphis to
Nashville, thencp to Indianapolis, and
probably proceed from there to Michigan.
The Michigan visit may be postponed until
later and the date filled in at places in
Illinois.
PALMER AMU BUCKNER.
Pleased With Thtir Jour and the Souna)
Money Outlook.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Sept. 27.—Sen
ator Palmer and ex-Governor Buckner
came down from Philadelphia to-day in
their special car, reaching here at half
past 3 o'clock. General Buckner stayed
only a few minutes, continuing on the
fame train to Louisville, bnt General
Palmer, wbo was accompanied by his wife,
son and daughter-in-law, went to the
house of his son-in-law, Edwin G. Crabbe,
a chief of division in the Pension Office,
where he trill stay until to-morrow. His
arrival in Washington was known to only
a few intimate friends, and consequently
veVy few callers disturbed him durins the
evening. He was very cheerful regarding
the political outlook in a general way, al
though declining to commit himself to
any specific numerical claims as to the re
bult of the campaign.
The enthusiasm of the big Baltimore and
Philadelphia audiences, he said, im
pressed him with the strength of the
sound-money feeiing.
To-morrow General Palmer expects to
be busy most of the day with matters con
nected with his Senatorial duties wbich
demand att niion, and he intends to dis
pose of atcumulated mail at his office in
the morning, besides calling at several de
partments. If possible, he will leave to
morrow afternoon for his home at Spring
field, where he will remain the rest of the
campaign, unless unexpectedly called out
by Chairman Bynum ior another tour of
speech-making.
X Milt ASK A POPULISTS.
Middle-of-the Road. Men Meet in State
Convention To-ltay.
LINCOLN, Neb., Sept. 27.— T0-morrow's
State convention of the Middle-of-the-
Road Populists will probably not be
largely attended. The party machinery is
entirely in the hands of the fusion faction,
and the followers of C. M. Clark of Lin
coln, who issued the call largely on his
own responsibility, is believed to be small.
The purpose of the convention, as already
outlined, is -to place Bryan and Watson
electors in the field as opposed to those of
Brvan and Sewall. It is doubtful if a
■State ticket is nominated. The attendance
will be confined to near-by counties, and
no arrangements have yet been perfected
for even a temporary organization. The
convention will be called to order at 2:30
P. M.
ACOBJIS THE SILVERITES.
Professor Zadd of Inle Preacher a Ser
mon on Selfishness. a
NEW HAVEN, Conn., September 27.—
Proiessor Ladd, head of the department
af psychology at Yale, occupied the col
lege pulpit to-day. His sermon was a se
vere censure of selfishness.
Professor Ladd scored tho advocates of
a high protective tariff and the silver
• men. He dwelt on the selfishness of the
politics of to-day. His opinion was that if
the silver-mine owners confessed that their
main anxiety was to sell their silver at a
profit of 40 per cent, and not for the work
ing classe.-, whom they professed to cham
• pion, their followers would soon leave
them. This remark caused something of
a stir, and the reference to the silverites
.'was the talk of the campus to-day.
WATS OS'S LIFE THREATENED.
The Populint Sominee Alarmed by a Let
ter Prom Lot Angeles.
ATLANTA. Ga., Sept 27.— "Tom" Wat
son has given out a letter which contains
an element of the sensational. He thinks
it is a threat against his life. The letter is
dated Los Angeles, and says:
We Democrats have read enough of your in
fernal talk, and have determined to put you
under tne ground bofore November unless you
resign from our ticket.
We hate and despise you, and are only sorry
thai you did not all stay in the "middle of the
road." One hundred of ns have sworn to put
you off the ticket, if you do not so of your own
accord, before the 15th of Octowkr. A word to
the wise is sufficient.
L. A. Democratic Leagt^.
TALKS OP TREACHERY,
Watson Scores Kansas Populists and
Democrat* in General.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Sept. 27.— The fol
lowing telegram has beeu received here
from Thomas E. Watson:
1 v.lll return to Kansa3 and support the
Populist Nations.: ticket— Bryan and Watson.
The fusionists in Kansas have bolted the
National convention, dufied the National law
of party, rebelled against the National com
mittee aud treated witn contempt the National
nominees.
Sewali is no more our candidate than is Ho
bart. Democrats are ruining; Bryan in tbe
mad attempt to compel .Populists to vote for
Bewail. Democratic managers should stand
by the St. Louis agreement, just as the Popu
lists did. Thomas Watson.
BISMARCK AXD PREE SILVER.
A Berlin Paper Comments on the Prince's
Letter.
BERLIN, Germaky, Sept. 27.— The Vos
sische Zeitung, commenting upon the* cor
respondence between Governor Culberson
of Texas and Prince Bismarck on the
question of free silver, says that the letter
of the Prince can hardly be interpreted
that he would be pleased if tbe Americans
should succeed in settling the question,
but that he does not know whether they
will or how success may be assured.
FIND A NEWERED MEAD.
Ghastly Discovery by Searchers for
Cleten in a Murder Mystery.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Sept. 27.— 0n Septem
ber 19. in tbe vicinity of Wylie station,
near Elizabeth, Pa., the nude and head
less body of a young man, who bad evi
dently been murdered, was found in the
river.
A reward was offerod by the County
Commissioners and stimulated search to
find the head or clothing. This afternoon
the bloody garments were found among
some weeds and bushes near the river,
and a small mound near by when opened
proved to be the burial place of the head,
• which is well preserved.
The head is that of a man 45 or 50 years
old, well formed, with dark hair and sandy
chin whiskers, slightly tinged with gray.
No one has been able to identify the victim
of the crime, but it is thought the coat
coat may lead to a dew.
Murder Done by a Child.
MASSILLON, Ohio. Sept. 27.— While
tbe family of David Mcllhenny of Dalton
were at church, their invalid guest,
Thomas Kidd, azed 14 years, son of W. K.
Kidd. a Cleveland lawyer, was shot and
killed. When Carl Mcllhenny, aged 7
years, was found he would say nothing.
He bad been left with young Kidd. The
theory is that the younger child shot the
older, though for what cause is unknown.
RUSSIAN TAUNTS
STING GERMANY
Accused of Cowardice in
Dealing With the
Sultan.
CZAR'S PRESS IS BITTER.
Declares the Government at
Berlin Is Awed by Fear
of War.
FEBMENT IN THE FATHERLAND
Caustic Attacks on Gladstone Because
of His Act -Turk sn
o »_
[Copyright, 1896,b>- ihefnlted Associated Presses]
BERLIN, Germany, Sept. 27.— The anti-
Turkish speech delivered by Mr. Glad
stone at last Thursday's mass-meeting in
Liverpool has been widely published here
and generally commented on by the news
papers, a majority of which speak of the
address unfavorably. The comments show
that the anti-English campaign which tho
German Press has entered into has reached
a high state of inflammation. The North
German Gazette, in its issue to-day, prints
the entire speech, translated verbatim,
and attacks Mr. Gladstone viciously in its
accompanying editorial.
The German papers are also much stung
by the taunts of the Russian journals,
which are asking why it is that Germany,
which has always been parading its mili
tary greatness ana readiness for war, now
shows itself to be more awed than any of
the other powers before the phantasm of
war as a consequence of an attempt to
coerce the Sultan.
These journals continue their taunting
of Germany by declaring that neither
Austria nor Italy betrays such a degree of
nervous eagerness to hinder all practical
steps toward solving the Turkish problem,
yet Germany's interests in the Mediterra
nian are only indirect
The Vossische Zeitung, the most in
dulgent of any of the journals in its crit
icisms, goes no further than to express
the hope that the words of the former
Prime Minister of Great Britain will have
a sobering effect on the Sultan and the
palace clique behind him. At the same time
the Vossische suggests the possibility that
the almost violent language employed by
Gladstone may reawaken the fanaticisms
of the Moslems and th* Armenian revolu
tionists and their followers, leading to the
very results which he so strongly de
nounces. Among the other leading Ger
man papers the consensus of opinion is
that the speech is more likely to encour
age a renewal of the massacres in the Sul
tan's domain.
The National Zeitung and some of the
other journals accuse Mr. Gladstone with
treating a serious situation with levity.
The practical expulsion from Berlin a
few days ago of Professor Thoumayau, the
Armenian lecturer who came to Germany
for the purpose of organizing anti-Turk
ish meetings, has had a tendency to
dampen the purpose of the sympathizers
with the Armenians.
In the official mind Professor Thou
mayan is a mere agitator, who politically
is indistinguishable from the wildest kind
and mofct fanatical Huntchalist or Arme
nian revolutionist. According to the
semi-official version of the Incident, pub
lished in the Cologne Gazette, Professor
Thoumayan owes his life to the German
Embassador to Turkey, who interceded in
his behalf when the professor was sen
tenced to death as a conspirator in Arme
nia and procured a reprieve on the
strength of Tboumayan's promise to aban
don his anti-Turkish sentiment.
Nevertheless, despite the fact that he re
ceived repeated warnings from the Berlin
police, Thoumayan continued bis attacks
upon the Sultan, and his crowning offenoe
was committed in his declaration at a re
cent anarchist meeting that the Porte it
self had arranged the affair of taking pos
session o fthe Ottoman Bank. In recount
ing the details of this incident, however,
the Gazette omits mention of the fact that
Professor Thoumayan went to the meet
ing mentioned in company with a well
known and highly respected Berlin cler
gyman for the main purpose of refuting
tbe statement which had been made in
anarchist oratories that the Armenian
movement was purely anarchistic
Dr. Lindauer, the Anarchibt leader, hav
ing repeated this declaration, Professor
Thoumayan denied tbe truth of the alle
gation with much, warmth. He repudi
ated all connection with the revolutionary
manifesto which had emanated from Lon
don, and having disposed ot this matter,
proceeded to denounce the Sultan and the
higher officials of the Turkish Government.
The meeting was somewhat disturbed by
the professor's expression of his senti
ments, and several speakers who followed
him declared that he was a paid agent of
the Russian secret police.
Professor Thoumayan has not yet been
actually expelled, though he is construc
tively under that ban, he having been in
formed that the threat of his expulsion
from Germany would be immediately exe
cuted if he made another attempt to ad
dress a public meeting.
CAPTAIN EVAS PET ED.
farewell Dinner in His Honor at the
Atnrri-can Htnbatsy.
BERLIN, Germany, Sept. 27.— J. B.
Jackson, first secretary of the United
States embassy here, gave a farewell din
ner last week to Captain R. K. Evans, the
retiring military attache to the embassy,
and Mrs. Evans, at which a large gather
ing of friends of the captain aud his wife
were present. When Captain and Mrs.
Evans took their departure a large party
of friends gathered at the station to see
them off. Among those present were the
members of the staff of the American Em
bassy and consulate, a number of the
other embassies and legations; Mrs. Uhl,
wife of the United States Embassador,
and a host of friends, who brought with
them flowers sufficient to half filTthecora
partment of the railway carriage which
the captain fend his wife occupied.
Embassador Uhl was suffering from an
attack of catarrhal cold and was unable to
be present. Mr. Charles Coleman, who
was Mr. Jackson's predecessor aa secretary
of the American embassy, is in Berlin as
the guest of Vice-Consul Zimmerman.
Mr. H. G. Squiers, second secretary of
the embassy, and Mrs. Squiers returned
to Berlin on Tuesday from their vacation,
which was spent at Heringsdorf. General
Thomas Wilson is among the number of
American aojourner» here. Mr. F. Ritschl,
Vice-Consul of Germany in New York,
sailed for America on board the steamer
Augusta Victoria on Friday.
EPRISISOS IN AFRICA.
British Accused of fomenting Trouble in
German Possessions.
BERLIN, GEBXAirr, Sept. 27.—Suspi
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1896.
cions are expressed within the circles of
the German Colonial party that the Brit
ish are fomenting the trouble which has
arisen in German East Africa, into which
the vVawemba tribe has made inroads
from Knelish territory. More serious
than this, however, is tbe rising of the
Wahohe tribe, which has rebuilt the fort
at Kwikura, which the Germans had pre
viously destroyed, and has aiso driven the
small detachments of German troops there
out of the coqntry.
An expedition consisting of 200 men hp.s
been sent to punish the Wahehes, and il
this measure is not successful Baron yon
Wissmann, the Governor oJ German East
Africa, who is now in Berlin, will return
to Africa immediately with a large force.
fICTORT tOR SOCIALISTS.
May Obtain an Absolute Majority in the
ttirt of Gotha.
BERLIN, Geiimany, Sept. '27.— The elec
tions for members of the Diet of Gotba, of
which the second son of Queen Victoria —
the Duke of Edinburgh— is the reigning
Duke, which were held to-day, resulted in
a great victory for the socialists, who won
nine out of the nineteen seats. Elections
are yet to be held in some districts and
there is a possibility that the Socialists
will obtain an absolute majority in the
Diet.
Gotha is one of the duchies forming tbe
principality of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.
There are chambers for Coburs and for
Gotba. which meet separately every year
and collectively every second year. The
chamber of Coburg contains eleven mem
bers, seven of whom are selected as depu
ties to t:ie united Parliament. Xfce Gotba
chamber contains nineteen men, fourteen
of whom sit in the united Parliament.
LOSS OF LIFE AND PROPERTY.
Disastrous lies tilts of the Gale Along the
■Xorth Sea < oast.
BERLIN, Germany, Sept. 29.— The gale
which prevailed on Friday and Saturday
caused great damage to property and con
siderable loss of life along the North Sea
coast aud far inland. Tho river Elba rose
twelve feet on Friday, as a result of wbich
the cellars of many buildings near the
river were flooded and scores of vessels
were carried away from their moorings.
The river Ems was also forced over its
banks and thousand" of acres of land were
submerged. A barge was capsized by tbe
force of the wind in ths upper Elbe and
six persons were drowned.
TREATED FOR A TUMOR
Frau Klafsky's Death Caused Iby
the Incapacity of Her
Physicians.
The Prima Donna Killed by an Oper
ation Which Proved to Have
Been Unnecessary.
BERLIN, Germany, Sept. 27.— The
death of Frau Katrina Klafsky-Lohse,
tbe prima donna, which occurred in Ham
burg last Tuesday, is greatly regretted
here, and the circumstances attending her
demise are being widely discussed. Her
friends are highly indignant at the med
ical treatment which she received, and
declare that she was the victim of the
incapacity of the Hamburg physicians
who attended her.
Tbe story of the cause of her death has
many versions, but the one most gener
ally accepted is that while-she was sing
ing in the United States she was struck
on the head by a toppling cupboard, which
caused a painful inflammation of the
scalp. She never fully recovered from the
effects of the mishap, and later ths pain
became almost unbearable. The Hamburg
physicians diagnosing the case pro
nounced her atllicted with tumor of the
brain, which could only be relieved by the
operation of trepanning, which the doctors
decided to resort to.
The operation was performed, with the
result that it disproved the tumor theory,
but killed tbe patient. The fact was that
her ailment was really of a comparatively
trifling nature.
Frail Klaf sky's funeral, which took
place at Hamburg on Friday, was at
tended by a large number of her profes
sional and private friends. The body, in
accordance with the wishes of the de
ceat-ed lady, was clothed in the white robe
of penitence worn by her in tbe character
of Elizabeth in "Tannhauser." The
chorus of Mozart's "Magic Flute" was
sung at tbe crave.
Madam Klafsky was the daughter of an
obscure Hungarian shoemaker, and s:ie
married a Jewish tradesman in Leipsic be
fore she became prominent as a singer.
After her marriage she abandoned her
profession, but her husband's failure in
business compelled her to return to the
staße, after which she rapidly rose to
celebrity.
Rival Jriih Leaders Speak.
DUBLIN, Ireland, Sept. 27.— An am
nesty meeting was held at Tipperary
to-day which was notable from the fact
that Redmond, Dillon and Healy all spoke.
This is the first occasion since the death
of Parnell that these rival leaders have
addressed an audience from ths same plat
form.
Foundered in a Gale.
PARIS, France, Sept. 27.— Advices re
ceived here report that the steamer Maga
dena foundered in a gale off the coast of
the Department of Landes, in Southwest
ern France. All the members of her crew
were drowned.
Three failures at Defiance, Ohio.
DEFIANCE, Ohio, Sept. 27.— The Tiede
man Furniture Company, incorporated,
with a capital stock of $100,000, made an
assignment yesterday. The immediate
cause was $25,000 of notes overdue, but it is
understood there are many other creditors
who will suffer from the failure. Thp only
resource? are represented by the company's
plant and stock on hand. Two other
failures followed this one, although in no
way concerned in it. They were the M. G.
May Grocery Company, the stock being
turned over to the Defiance Grocery Com
pany to satisfy debts, and the Hotel Rus
sell, which discontinued business last
night.
Coant Postal and Pension Xotes.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 27.-Otto
Janssen of Los Angeles, Cal., has been ap
pointed a railway mail clerk.
Pacific Coast pensions have been issued
as follows :
California: Original— Samuel Bennett,
San Francisco. Increase (special, Septem
ber 18) — James N. Humble, Compton.
Oregon: Original— Anderson C. Smith.
Enterprise. Original widow— Susan Deare
Eueene.
Washington: Increase (special, Septem
ber 18)— Andrew J. Wintermute, South
Bend.
San Rafarl Paper Chase.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 27.— The
hares in the paper chase from the Hotel
Rafael yesterday were not so fleet as usual.
The hounds caught them half way over
the coarse. Mr. and Mrs. Darns worth
were the bares. Even though the day was
very warm the course run was longer than
usuai.
The first lady's prize was won by Miss
T. O'Connor; the first gentleman's by
Evan Evans. The rest of the hounds
were: Miss Eleanor Morrow, Miss War
burton, Miss Alice Wilkins, S. H. Board
roan, 8. C. Pardee, Mrs. Crooks, Frank
Glass, Dr. Hewitt, Mrs. Neal, Miss Foster,
Robert Foster, Miss Bruce, Mibs Bertie
Breme, Carlton Curtis.
MASTS GAVE WAY
BEFORE A GALE
The American Clipper Ship
Solitaire Disabled
at Sea.
ENCOUNTERED A SQUALL
Tremendous Waves and a High
Wind Leveled Her Yards
to the Decks.
PICKED UP BY A STEAMER.
Was Bound for San Francisco With
a G*n?ral Cargo in Her
Hold.
QUARANTINE, S. L, Sept. 27.— The
clipp«r-ship Solitaire of Bath, Me., Cap
tain Thompson, which left Philadelphia
September 19 for San Francisco, was towed
into tins port to-day in a dismasted con
dition by the British steamer West Indian,
Captain Campbell, which full in with her
on Friday, September 25, at 2:30 a. m., in
latitude 38 deg. 44 mm., longitude 64 deg.
43 mm.
Captain Thompson of the Solitaire re
ports that he left Philadelphia on Septem
ber 19 and proceeded to get an offing. On
Monday and Tuesday he had variable
winds, chiefly from the westv/ard, and
shifting on the morning of the 23d and in
creasing until it blew wit'j hurricane force,
accompanied by a very heavy sea and a
downpour of rani.
Captain Thompson prudently shortened
sail until only the fore and mem lower
topsails were set. The ship continued to
roll heavily and the seas broke continually
over her, filling the waist.
At 10:30 in the evening a heavy squall
struck the vessel, carrying away tho lore,
main and mizzen topmasts, with all at
tached, and the fore and mizzen mast
heads and the jibboom. The decks wer«
so flooded that it was extremely difficult
to clear away the wreckage. At midnight
the wind began to moderate. At 7a. m.
on the 24th the foreyard broke In two
pieces and fell to the deck.
Meanwhile the ship was rolling and la
boring heavily in the tremendous seas.
At 9 a. m. the main-mast went over the
side with all attached, leaving the vessel
with nothing standing except the stumps
of the fore and mizzen-masts.
An effort was made to rig a jury-mast
and get sail on the vessel, but at 1 o'clock
on tbe morning of the 25th a steamer was
sighted heading to the eastward. It
proved to be tbe steamer West Indian,
bound from New Orleans for Liverpool.
After some energetic signaling the steamer
altered her course, and, Dearing down
upon the Solitaire hove to until morning.
An arrangement was made between the
two captains to tow the ship to this port,
distant 450 miles. A hawser was passed
and the trip was accomplished without
further incident.
The Solitaire was built at Bath, Me., in
1579. Sbe is of 1462 tons net register.
She had a fall general cargo. Sbe is
anchored off Tomkvnsville. The West
Indiar, after taking in provisions and a
supply of coal, w ill proceed on her vogage
to Liverpool.
AN ASSASSIN'S SUICIDE,
J. C. Kassebaum KiV* Himself
at MendiaD, Miss , While
Under Arrest.
Tried to Escjps After Hiding Under
a House /or Two Days ani
Nghts.
MERIDIAN, Miss., Sept. 27.— J. C.
Kassebaum, who assassinated A. 8. Barnes
in his photographic studio Thursday
night, was located in this city last night
and placed under arrest, bat before he
could be removed from the place in which
he was found he placed a pistol to his
head and tired a ballet into his brain.
After committing the murder Kasse
baum went to the residence of Mrs. Frank
Howard, where bis wife boarded, and, re
moving his shoes, secreted himself under
the adjoining residence, where he had re
mained since that time. He came out
last night and went to Mrs. Howard's and
met his wife and Mrs. Morris, the latter of
whom, in Mrs. Howard's absence, has
charge of the household.
He asked Mrs. Morris if he could remain
there, and received a negative reply. A
young man who also bad rooms in the
house was informed of Kassebaum's pres
ence, and he at once went for officers.
TJpou the arrival of Chief of Police Nelson
quite a crowd had congregated and sur
rounded the houie, and Kassebaum's
escape was rendered impossible. The
police entered the house and demanded
nis surrender, telling him there was no
chance for him to atet away. Without any
effort at escape Kassebaum drew a pistol
ana fired a shot through his temple. The
only statement that Kassebaum made, so
far as can be learned, was made to Mrs.
Morris. He told her that he killed Barnes
in self-defense.
NOT ENOUGH ELIGIBLES.
Positions in the Railway Mail * Service
That Seed tilling.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Sept. 27.—
Civil Service Commission announces that
there are not eligible* enough from Ari
zona, Montana, Idaho and Indian Terri
tory to meet the needs of the railway mail
service in those States and the Territory.
The regular schedule examinations occur
at Tucson, Ariz., October 10; Miles City,
Mont., October 2; Helena, Mont., October
5; . Pocatelio, Idaho, October 10; Boise
City, Idaho, October 10, and Oklahoma
City, 0. T., September 30.
The commission has sent a supply of
application blanks to the board of exam
iners at each of the places named above
in order that persons desiring to take the
examination may obtain them without
the delay' of sending to Washington for
them.
Those who desire to be examined should
obtain application blanks, and after ex
ecuting them carefully and correctly, pre-
Bent them to the examiner in charge of
the examination at the place which they
select at 9a. m. on the date of the exam
ination. If the applications are executed
in complete and correct form the examiner
will admit them. No person will be ad
mitted to the examination, howeyer, who
does not present either an admission card
from the commission or a completed ap
plication. This special permission to pre
sent completed applications applies to the
railway mail examinations only.
AID FOR FREED IRISHMEN.
The Amnesty Association to Care for
Those Recently Re/eased From
English Prisons.
KEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 27.— At a
meeting of the Irish-American Amnesty
Association this afternoon a communica
tion from the Irish Prisoners' Fund Asso
ciation was read, in which the latter body
announced its withdrawal from the con
ference lormed for the taking charge of
tbe political prisoners who have arrived
here, together with the reply announcing
that the Amnesty Association intended to
continue to care for the prisoners in this
country, was presented for action.
After discussion it was decided to hold
a demonstration in tbe Grand Opera
house on October 25 to express indigna
tion at the treatment of Irish prisoners in
English prisons, and to awaken sentiment
which shall induce interference in behalf
of the prisoners still remaining there.
A motion that a committee be appointed
to have charge of the caretaking of Thomas
Gallagher and Albert Wiiit-head, two po
litical prisoners who recently arrived here.
was opposed on the ground that it looked
like an effort to get control of the two in
sane men.
It was considered that the motion was a
jump in the dark. This argument was
met by the statement that money had
been received from Ireland for them and
other money had been contributed here,
and it seemed proper that a responsible
committee should be appointed to take
charge of the fund.
It was further said in support of the
plan that an inquiry from Ireland as to
bow the prisoners were getting on or what
was being done with them could not be re
plied to.
Even the members of Mr. Whitehead's
family had been unable to tell where Mr.
Whitenead was when an inquirer had
called at their house.
Finally E. i\ McCrystal, P. J. Byrnes,
C. J. Reilly and James F. Egan were ap
pointed a committee to care for the men.
CALLS THREE MEN "HUSBAND."
Marriage Ventures of a Woman Uh-
known to Dieorce Courts.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept 27.— Three
men, two of them residents oi this city, have
just discovered that they are all possessed
of tbe same wife, and ths third of them,
Frank E. Dowd of Defiance, has quietly
begun suit against Mrs. G. M. Crowl of
Cleveland.
Mrs. Crowl was married on July 5, 1893,
to her present husband, who is a street
car conductor, and they live at 1145 Payne
avenue. To-day another husband, J. Us
mitch, turned up.
He alleges that he married the woman
in 1891, and was never divorced. Mrs.
Crowl acknowledges the three husbands,
but says she thought two of them were
dead.
The maiden name of this much-married
woman was Eliza Ann Russell, and it was
afterward changed to Eberly by a second
marriage of her mother. She was born
and raised in Lenox, Ashtabula County,
Ohio. She had children by her last two
husbands. All of the husbands aver that
they knew nothing of Their wife's other
marriages until recently.
FAILURE AT LITTLE ROCK.
Wolf Brothers' Wholesale House Closed
Under an Attachment.
LITTLE ROCK, Abk., Sent 27.— W01f
Brothers, the largest wholesale dry-goods
establishment of this section, was closed
by attachment shortly after last mid
night. During the night attachments
amounting to $184,402 50 were issued on
the stock and real estate of the firm and
placed in the hands of the Sheriff. Tbe
total liabilities will reach $500,000. The
assets are placed at $475,000.
The firm bad plenty of assets, but owing
to the present financial condition couid
not realize on any of them. Eastern cred
itors demanded their money and refused
to grant extensions, despite" the fact that
the firm had paid to Eastern creditors
within the last four months upward of
$BO,uOO. The arm of Wolf Brothers was
composed of Isaac and Joseph Wolf, and
was the only exclusive wholesale dry
goods house in the State. The firm owned
several of the handsomest business blocks
in the city.
Rope and Twine Company Mortgage.
ELIZABETH, N. J., Sept. 27.— The
Standard Rope and Twine Company has
given* a mortgage for $7,500,000 to the
Manhattan Trust Company of New York.
It was placed on record yesterday, and
covers all the land of the Elizabethport
Cordage Company. The Standard Com
pany, it is said, will rebuild on an exten
sive «cale the cordage plant at Elizabeth
port which was destroyed by fire in 1891.
Differ in Their Views.
RICHMOND, Va., Sept. 27.-The inter
est of Mr. W. S. Copeland in the Richmond
State has been sold to Stilson Hutchins,
and that paper, which has hitherto advo*
cated silver and the single gold standard
in parallel columns, last evening cameout,
squarely for free coinage and the Chicago
nominees. The Danville Register an
nounces its support of the Indianapolis
nominees as the only true Democratic
ticket.
GARDEN CITY CYCLERS WIN.
San Jose Riders Capture First Time and
Place Prizes in the Handicap
Road Race.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 27.— joint
five-mile handicap road race of the Olym
pic Club Wheelmen of San Francisco and
the Garden City Cyclers was held over the
Milpitas course this morning. D. D. Baker
of the Garden City Cyclers, with a handi
cap of 2:10, won first place in 13:00 4-5.
H. G. Edwards of the Olympics (2:00) was
second. His time was 13:36. J. C. Smith
of the Cyclers (0:25) secured first time
prize in 12:49, and R. R. Shearman of the
same club (0:25) got second time prize in
12:491-5.
■ The road race was the greatest event of
its kind ever contested in this county
and, owing to the great rivalry between
the clubs, was hotly contested through
oat. The Cyclers had the best of the
race and secured moat of the prizes. Of
the forty-two entries, thirty-one started.
It was witnessed by large crowds along
the course and at its finish.
The racers started at Milpitas and fin
ished at the junction of the Berryessa and
Milpitas road, the course being straight
away. There were eighteen prizes. The
riders, their handicaps, positions and
time were as follows:
D. D. Baker, G. C. C. (2:10). 13:45; H. G.
Edwards. O. O. W. (2 :00), 13:36: K. A. Helm
more, O.C. W. (2:00), 13:37; S. E. Johnson, G.
C C. (2:00), 13:3«, E. F. Russ, O. C. W. (1:15).
13:05; A. J. Clark, G. C. C. (1:15), 13:05 4-5;
Hal Chase. G. C. C. (2:00), 13:53; R. R. John'
Bon, G.C. C. (1:50), 13:431-5; K. Boyd. O. C.
I mHjPJt, h h. 6£lUik.£-.6 £ lUi k.£-.
say, 0. C. W. (1:45). 13:47;
G. Hansen, O. C. W. (1:45), 13:47 1-5; Dan
Murphy, G. C. C. (1:00), 13:02 2-5; P. M.
Curtis, G. C. C. (1:10), 13:05; B. Cottle,
G. C. a (1:25), 13:32; C.L. Westl&ke. G. C. C
(1:15), 13:42 2-5;. I. L.Ryder,G. C. c (1:15),
13:42 2-5; C. F. Lemon, O. C. XV. (1:25),
13 :32 3-5 ; E. Wi iliston, G. C. «. (1 :45). 14-06
M. L. Espinza, O. C. W. (1:50), 14:12; J. C.
Smith, G. C. C. (0:25). 12:49; R. R. Shear
man, ;G. C. C. (6:25), 12:49 1-5; R.
H. Hammonds, G. a C. ( :45), 13:09 2-5; J. D.
Lawrence, G. C. C. (:45). 13:09 2-5; George E.
Kroet*. O. C. W. (:26), 12:52; J. A. Vaughn,
O. C. W. (3:00), 15 :55 ; W. J. Christ, O. C. W.
(1:00), 13:59; J. E. Wing. O. C. W. (scratch),
13:53 4-5; Al Hubbard, G. C. C. (:45). 14:29;
P. J. Schwal, O. V. W. (2:20), 17:10; L. E.
Whiting, G C. C. (2:10), 16:04.
CONEY ISLAND
RESORT BURNED
Fire Reduces the Famous
Wooden "Elephant"
to Ashes.
POOR WATER SUPPLY.
Firemen Are Hampered in Their
Efforts to Check the Con
flagration.
PASSING OF A NOTED HALL.
S nee Its Erection in 1880 It Had B^en
a Prominent Feature of the
"West End."
CONEY ISLAND. N. V., Sept. 27.— The
sensational event of the season at this
famous summer resort occurred to-night
in the total destruction by fire of the fa
mous wooden "Elephant." This counter
feit presentment of the monarch of the
jungle was the most prominent feature
of the district known as the "West
End," or Coney Island proper. As
the season is over no cause for the fire,
which started about 10:30 p. m., can be
learned.
Having been built many years, the huge
wooden carcass was dry enough to burn
like tinder, and in less than a half hour
the main supports were so weakened that
the whole structure collapsed. The close
proximity of the "Elephant" to the Sea
Beach Palace, a large music-hall, made the
prospect promising for an extensive con
flagration and three alarms were sent out,
bringine fire apparatus from all the sur
rounding district. The danger to the
palace was over as soon as the "Elephant"
collapsed, and it escaped with but slight
damage.
The "Elephant," which has had many
vicissitudes, has been used of late for an
exhibition hall, museum of curios and
restaurant purposes. Originally built in
1880 by a syndicate of Philadelphia capi
talists it has changed hands several times,
the present owners being Hall & Garrison
of Philadelphia.
The loss is about $t>ooo. The effective
work of the firemen was greatly hampered
by poor water supply.
MOUNT HOLYOKE COLLEGE FIRE.
Flames Destroy the Main Structure and the
Gymnasium— Much of the Contents
Saved.
SOUTH HADLEY, Mass., Sept. 27.—
The main Mount Holyoke College build
ing was destroyed by fire earJy this even
ing, together with the two wings and the
gynasium. The loss will probably amount
to $200,000.
The fire started under the gynasium
and spread rapidly to the remainder of
the buildinij. The flames were discovered
at 4:45 o'clock. There was not fire pro
tection enough about the building and
assistance was called for, but as the water
had to be pumped nearly half a mile, it
afforded ao check to the flames. Much of
the furniture and contents of the build
ing, including a large part of the students'
property, was saved and no one was in
jured.
To-night most of the students are scat
tered about in the houses of the towns
people, the hotels aud the churches, while
others have gone to Holyoke, Northamp
ton and other near-by points.
Mount Holyoke College is one of the
oldest institutions, if not the oldest for
the education of women, in the United
States. It is the outgrowth of the Mount
Holyoke Seminary, which was founded in
1836 and opened November 8, 1837.
Mary Lyon, an educator whose name is
almost a household word in Massachu
setts and New Hampshire, was the
founder of the seminary, and from the
opening of the institution until her death
in 1849, she was the principal.
The original charter was enlarged in
1883 and the name of the school was
changed to Mount Holyoke Seminary and
ColJece, and again in 1893 a fulljcollege
curriculum was adopted, the charter
was again amended and the name changed
to Mount HoJyoke College. Power was
given to the college to grant any degree
conferred by any college in Massachusetts.
MATCHING GREAT HORSES
Banker Tewksbury Accepts the
Defi of an Australian
Turfman.
Will Pit Robert J /gainst Fritz, tbe
Trotting King of the An*
tipodes.
NEW|YORK, N. V., Sept 27.— A match
between celebrities in the world of trot
ting horses, representing widely different
portions of the globe, is now on the tapis,
and if it can be pulled off will go on record
as one of the notable events of turf annals.
In a recent issue of the Chicago Horse
man George M. Slatel of Sydney, Austra
lia, offers to match his trotter, Fritz,
record 2:14J4, made on a grass track at
Melbourne in March, 1896, against any
trotting horse in the world for $10,000 a
side. The challenge has been taken up by
Banker Lewis G. Tewksbury of this city,
who owns Robert J (2:01V£), Mascot
(2:04), Paul (2:o7}£) and other flyers.
In a letter to the Horseman, dated Fri
day, Mr. Tewksbury states the terms under
which he will take his representative
(probably Robert J) to Australia, starting
December 1 next, the race to take place in
six wteks after arrival at Sydney, mile
heats, best three in five, National Trotting
Association of America rules to govern.
Mr. Tewksbnry alsu makes as a counter
proposal that if the Australians will bring
their horse to the United States he can
probably be induced to give them odds of
$20,000 to $10,000 on the event, besides
doubling the allowance they propose for
expenses, which proposal he specifies as
his estimate of the great handicap which
is placed urftn the horse that travels
half around the world and undergoes a
great climatic change.
Mr. Tewksbury asks that the challenger
be requested to cable his acceptance by
November 14, so it may be soon known
whether the battle will take place and
where.
StocM&n Lotes on Errors.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 27.— The base-
ball to-day between the Imperials of San
Francisco and the Stockton nine was the
most exciting of the season, a'ncl was lost
only by three costly errors--b*y Stockton
players. Otherwise the local. m§n played
all around tho visitors. .Two home runs
on errors were made by the viMtors, and
Pace for Stockton made a home run. The
game was exciting from start to finish,
and it seemed a s<ift to Stockton; but iv the
sixth inning Chase dropped .a fly ball to
deep center and three runs were scared by
the Imperials.
They added one more In this* inn;ng fc
making the score 9to 6. ThSreaftVthey
could make nothing, and the local men
added only one more to their score. .Ttie
score by innings was: ■ • , ',-'_
Stockton 1 4 0 0 1 V 0-1 0-7
Imperials 0 0 2 0 3 0 4-. .0- *-9
SAN JOSE'S TARGET CO NTENTS
Over Three Hundrrd Markumin" Will
Comvetti in tho Tour»<mn'en{.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 27.— The meeting
of the California Inanimate Tar^ef,Asso
ciation, which wiil be held in this city on
October 4 and 5, will be the Parsest meet
of its kind ever held in the world. It 19
expected that at least 300* ma"rTcsnien will
be in attendance. Cash and rriercJjandise
prizes valued at over $2500 qre offered.
Although the association has only been
organized about a year its membership
comprises over thirty clubs, representing
a membership of about 1000. It ia'e*sti
rnated that 60.000 bluerocks will be-broken
durine the shooc. These Will be thrown
from five electric traps. The programme
of event is aa follows: ' * : ' -
First day: First event— Twenty 'singles,
known traps, unknown angles. ' Class snoting
Scores in- this event will count" on averages.
Five cash prizes.
Second event— Contest for the "Gold Dußt"
diamond medaL Twenty singles, "known traps,
unknown angles. Five cash prizes.
Third event— E. T. Allen cup. Twenty stn
le», known traps, unknown angles. Ftvecaah
rlzes. • . •• •
Fourth event— Twenty singles, known traps,
unknown angles. Cash prizes.
Fifth event — Team shoot for Overland
Monthly trophy. Teams of six men Irom any
one club. Five cash prices. '
Sixth event— Fifteen singles, known traps,
unkown angles. Five cash prizes. Scores on
averages.
Seventh event— Fifteen singles, known traps,
unknown angles. Scores on averages. Five
cash prizes.
Second day: First event— Twenty singles.
Five cash prizes. Scores on averages.
Second event— Contest for the Goicher ln,dl.
vidual trophy, twenty singles. Five cash
prizes.
Third event— California Inanimate Target
Association's individual championship med«l:
twenty singles, known traps, unknown angles.
Five cash prizes.
Fourth event— Consolidation prize shoot for
merchandise prizes.
Fifth event— Shoot for association trophy,
emblematic of club championship; teams o£
six men. Five cash prizes.
Sixth event— Fifteen singles. Five cash
prizes.
Seventh event— Fifceen singles. Six cash
prizes.
CYCLE GUN CLUB CONTEST.
Garden City Beat Olympic* by a Score '
of 175 to 171.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 27.— The Garden
City Cyclers' Gun Club defeated the
Olympic Wheelmen Gun Club, of San
Francisco this afternoon by a score of 175
to 171. A silver cup was the trophy con
tested for. The teams were composed of
nine men each. Each, man shot at twenty
five birds. The scores were as follow* :...'.•
Olympic Wheelmen Gun Club— XV. Golcne'r.:'
20, A. White 17, H. Justin 19, L. QVens 10.-X, '■•
Feudner 18, C. Nanmarj 18, O. Feudrwr 18,Jv - \
Fanning 21, A. J. Webb 24. Total 171. -
Garden City Cyclers' Gnu Cub— Dr. A. M. fear- • '
ker 19, F. Holmes 20, G. H. Anderson 22, &.'-. .'
Coykendal 19, G. Carroll 20, H. Lion 19. N.
-" 15, J. Delmas Jr. 22, C. Hall 19. Total ;' :
175. .. •. .*. ". .
A. J. Webb of the Olympics broke twenty: • :
five blue rocks out of a possible twenty-;:
five. This is the seventh consecutive'cup- •
the Cyclers' Gun Club has.won. • ' • ';"' . ■■'■
NEW TO-DAY. . "„• ..'. ' ;
•~— ■■»—■—— ~--—-"^- — - *- -, -i- -_-._*. -!*-,_ *'---V."
{♦♦♦♦«♦+**♦♦««♦«++«>♦«♦»«? .••
*■ \ i } ■
' * -H m kHh "°- • ■'■■
HERE YOU ARE. BOYS I
Boys' Combination Knee
Pants Suits, 1 Coat, 2 pair Pants, "
1 Cap, all of same mate- (hQ fjfj
rial. The entire outfit ij)6i UU
These Suits come in two styles; one in
a Reefer Coat, with Large Braided Sailor
Collar and Braided Cuffs, for ages 3 to 10.
The other in Doubie-breastei Coats.
Perfect fitting, for ages 3 to 15.
See these styles in Kearny-street win-
dow.
Overcoats and Ulsters by the •
thousand. • •
The only house that carries a
complete stock in Boys' and
Children's Fine Clothing.
You can buy safely by mall of us.
DOCTOR COOK
,^s?r--^ The greatest of modern j
h(l/M^^\ specialists, restores ,
(Uffff \ manly power and visor j
M^i 'f^^y to men of all ages and re " \
3TIV r^TTT moves every symptom of J
*%^J' t> **OT sexual weakness or dis- |
JMkJ jj7/» ija ease. Blood and skin dis- j
■fi|Wv eases, and diseases of the |
rtfftmtSSZSS?/ ?W snternal organs -'s *pc-
WWly^prJ' V^cJalty; also female com- ;
plaint*. The worst cases solicited, and perfect
cures guaranteed. Office hours— to 1-5 A. M.
and 2to 5 and 7to BP. M. Sundays from 10
to 12 A.M. only. If you cannot call, write.
Mail treatment always satisfactory. Address
DOCTOR COOK, |£[ %£&£"
RAD WAY'S
PILLS, i
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Secure Con» -g:
pleta digestion and absorption of the food, caaM
a healthy action of the liver and render the Bowatt ',
natural In their operat on without gti»ia4 ■ §-[r
i :.■;■- . . : :-■- . txQ
' ■'•■'-' ' IZ&llFLOODS THWART
WEYLER'S PLANS
Retard His Proposed Sally
. :; • Into the Strongholds
• . .-.• • of Maceo.
RECRUITS FROM SPAIN.
inCQining. Vessels Bring Two
Thousand Veterans for
••-..":■. the Army.
.MADRID IN NEED OF FUNDS.
. The ■Government Fails to Negotiate
. .' -.a Loan to Carry on the
. . • . ; Cuban War.
NEW YORK. N. V., Sept. 28.-A Her
. aid special from Havana via Key West
. says: The great floods which
.. have occurred in Pinar del Rio
• -and along 'the western trocha are
•' .not alone paralyzing the local militia's
..' movements in the west, but may also re
tard for some weeks more the carrying
into effect of Captain-General Weyler's
new plans for personal operations against
Antonio Meceo.
Troop-ships from Spain continue to
enter the harbor daily, bringing new re
cruits. About 2000 men have been dis
embarked. Many of these are veterans
of former campaigns, here and elsewhere,
and are expected to achieve better results
than the recruits formerly brought over.
Apparently they are full of energy and en
thusiasm and are anxious for the fray.
A majority of them a.re landed across
the bay in Regla and then redistributed
thence to different points in the island by
rail or coast transports.
The Herald's correspondent in Santiago
de' Cuba says that the American prisoners,
"Frank Agramonet and Julius Sanz, have
been transferred from Morro Castle to the
civil prison in the city, together with
Gonzales,' a Venezuelan general.
• They will all soon probably be called for
. tnal \.'
The Americans are visited frequently by
• Consul Hyatt or his deputy, who report
that the men are well treated by the
prison authorities.
WEYLER RELEASES TOLSEN.
But. He Must Leave Cuba— Desperate Battle,
in Which a Spanish Force /s Nearly
Annihilated.
HAVANA, Cuba, Sept. 27. —Through the
efforts of Consul-General Lee an order has
been issued by Captain-General Weyler
° directing the release of Tolsen, the Ameri
can citizen who was arrested recently on
. board* the steamer Seneca at this port. A
condition* attacned to his release is that ;*e
shall leave the island on Wednesday next.
Thirty-five Spanish volunteers, com
. xnauded'by Lieutenant Romero, were sur
. rounded by a superior force of insurgents
as they were leaving the town of Quivican,
.•province of Havana. A desperate fight
• ensued, the Spaniards attempting to cut
their "way through the rebels. Their
•efforts were without avail, and they did
riot. cease to fight until twenty-three of
. : their mimber were killed and four wound
•jed. ■ A-monc the killed was Lieutenant
Romero. The volunteers who escaped
' repor-t that severe losses were inflicted
.'upon the-rebels.
SPANISH LOAN FAILS.
The Madrid Government Unable to Bor
row Money.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Sept. 27.— Senor
Pierra, chairman of thft Cuban Press As
sociation, has received the following tele
gram -from the committees acting in Lon
. aon :
Proposed Spanish loan has utterly failed.
This refers to the $200,000,000 loan which
the Spanish' Government is trying to nego
• tiate f©r the expenses of the war in Cub 3.
By a recent act the Government was au
thorized to make an agreement with some
or all of the railroad companies Dy which
• the terms of their concessions might be
; extended until July 1, 1898, on condition
that the Government, aided by the com
panies, should be enabled to negotiate a
loan of at least $200,000,000.
RARE SHEEP FROM ALASKA.
Six ' of a Strange Variety Secured by
Hunters After a Difficult Moun
tain Climb.
'SPOKANE, Wash., Sept. 27.-8. N.
.Malterner, a well-known hunter and trav
.'eler of this city, has returned from a visit
to the north coast Alaska. Materner was
in company with Professor Dyche of the
University of Kansas, who was erroneous
ly reported in press dispatches some time
ago to be lost somewhere in the north.
Messages from the professor were brought
down by Malterner and mailed to his
Eastern friends.
Malterner met Professor Dyche at Kin
nick. Dycbe said he t>ad come to secure"
white mountain aheep, a species of the
family sheep that is rare and is not to be
found in any museums of the United
Btateß. There is but one place where they
are to be found, and that is a large moun
tain some twenty miles from Kinnick.
They live above the clouds, and the moun
tain is so steep that it can be ascended
only with tne utmost difficulty.
"AftT considerable trouble in securing
an Indian guide to go with them, for, as
the trip is a hard one, none of thore at the
station wanted to go, the two went up the
river in a small boat, having eight miles
of mountain to climb. They were success
ful in securing six sheeo. Professor Dyche
got one and the Indian one, vhile Malte
mer secured the balance.
fortune for an Actor.
BPOKANE, Wabh., Sept. 27.— H. O.
Btubbs, a member of Pearson's Dra
matic Company, at present playine in
this city, was notified by a cablegram
from England yesterday that he had
fallen heir to $216,000, as a tenth interest
in the estate of his grandfather. He has
been playing tramp and light comedy
parts since adopting the profession five
years ago, and was formerly a reporter on
Chicago papers.
Fire year San Ha fuel.
SAN EAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 27.— The
boys of the Mount Tamal i>ais Military
Academy started a grass fire yesterday
afternoon to clear the ground for foot
ball. The fire got away from their control
and threatened to develop into a serious
conflagration. Ten men were sent from
here by Marshal Haley. They succeeded
in stopping the spread of the flames after
nearly 100 acres of the Forbes ranch had
been burned over.
WEDDED AT ST. HELENA.
Dr. Arnold d'Ancona and Dr. Lillie Mabel
Bussenmo Lock Their Destinies
for Life.
ST. HELENA, Cal., Sept. 27.— A pretty
wedding was celebrated at the bride's
home on Main street to-day when Rev.
James Mitchell tied the knot that binds
the destines of Dr. Arnold d'Ancona and
Dr. Lillie Mabel Bessenino. The parlor
decorations were unique in the extreme.
One could scarcely realize he was within
the confines of stone walls, so artistic
were the arrangements of ferns and flow
ers.
At noon, as if fanned by Cunid's wing
from some nidden nook, the soft refiain
from the wedding roarcu of Lohengrin
ushered in the bridal party two Dride
maids — Misses Eroline and Julia Lesser —
followed by the bride, attended by her tiny
neice currying a basket of ferns and pink
rosebuds met tne groom under a floral
bell suspended under an arch of trembling
hops artistically arranged. The bride's
dress was plain but elegant, of army-blue
broadcloth, adorned with jet and chiffon,
which lent charm to her slender figure.
During the ceremony skilled fingers
played softly, "On Promise Me," and
when the bans were pronounced pealed
forth the grand old favorite wedding
march of Mendelssohn.
A champagne breakfast was served and
many pleasing toasts were offered to the
"two made one." They departed on the
3:20 train for Del Monte, where they will
sojourn for a lew days before taking up
their new residence at 728 Sutter street,
San Francisco.
The bride has been one of St. Helena's
favorites since a child and very popular,
both in society and in the medical profes
sion. Dr. d'Ancona is well lwiown in San
Francisco circles. He is a graduate of the
Univ ersity oi the Pacihc.
Santa Barbara Land Transfer.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Sept. 27.— A
conveyance has been tiled in the Record
er's office by which Mrs. Helen M. Norton
transfers to Arthur O. Norton lot 96 in the
Norway Survey, Montecito, and blocks
246, 272, 232 and 89, in the city of Santa
ISarbara, together with all her interest in
the H. H. Richardson estate.
The grantor is the stepdaughter of the
late Mrs. Mary Lang Richardson, who,
with her daughter Ethel, was murdered in
July. This conveyance is made for the
purpose of facilitating the settlement of
the estate.
•
Theatricals at Mare Inland
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept. 27.— An enter
tainment was given last night in the thea
ter at the navy-yard by meniDtrs
of the Dramatic Association. A new
theater has been built in the
equipment and named the Alexander
ina in honor of Commandant Kirkland.
The plays rendered were "The Bicyclers"
and "A Box of Monkeys." Those taking
part were Miss Cntts, Miss Palmer, Miss
Macrae. Miss Woods, Miss Carman and
Lieutenant Wells, Bougntner, Burette,
Constructor Snow and Paymaster Irwin.
Cleveland Swept by Fire.
ARLINGTON. Or., Sept. 27.— A disas
trous fire occurred yesterday at Cleveland,
a small town about twenty miles north of
this place, in Klickitat County. Nine
buildings, including the principal store,
two blacksmith shops, a hotel and a livery
barn, were destroyed. The town has no
fire department and no water could be
used except what was tnrown on with
buckets. The fire is believed to have been
startad by incendiaries, although there is
no clew.
Accidental Shooting Aear Lake-port.
LAKEPOKT, • Cal., Sept. 27- — While
hunting in the hills near town on Friday
James Laycock was accidentally shot
through both ankles. He was in company
with William Green, and they had just
separated, taking different trails. Their
dogs chased up a deer, which ran within
a few feet of where Green was standing,
and Green shot it through the body. The
bullet passed on and struck Layeock's
ankles. Laycock's condition is serious.
San Rafael'* Kangaroo in Luck.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 27.— Ihat
kangaroo is growing fat at the Hotel
Rafael. It laughs and winks its other eye
at the hunters and steeplechasers of that
aristocratic community. Tne Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
holds a kangaroo to be under its domain.
In consequence, the kangaroo hunt, which
was to have taken place to-day, was in
definitely postponed.
Fvget Sound Lumber for Japan.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Sept. 27.— The Puget
Sound sawmill proprietors have consum
mated v. $100,000 contract with Japanese
concerns, supplying 12,000,000 feet of lum
ber to be shipped at once to Northern
Japan. The steamship Konoura Maru,
Captain Ito, wnicti is to tronsport the first
consignment, 1.800,000 feet, arrived in Dort
to-day and will begin loading on Tuesday
at Kerry's mill.
Suicide of a Stockton Woman.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 27.— Rosa Scott,
wife of a waiter in a restaurant in this
city, committed suicide early this morn
ing by taking a dose of laudanum. She
had made several attempts before, and
only recently was saved by the city physi
cian after having taken a dose ofcarbolic
acid. Her domestic relations were such
as to render her tired of life.
flour Shipped i'roni Portland.
PORTLAND, Ok., Sept. 27.— The steam
ship Hupeh, which sailed for the Orient
yesterday, carried away one of the largest
Hour cargoes that ever left here for China
and Japan, the total amount being over
30,000 barrels, vaiued at $84,577. It also
curries 8306 bushels of wheat, valued at
$44bG, for Naga^ki and Kobe.
Picnic at Satttalito.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Sept. 27.— The De
fenders' Social Club of San Francisco held
a picnic here this afternoon wish over 500
in attendance. The club brought its own
band from the City, and many of the
picnickers wore the club uniform. A
pleasant afternoon was spent.
Will Remain at Afar* I*l and.
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept. 27.— The Phila
delphia is expected at the yard within a
week or two and will probably go out of
commission. Admiral Beardslee will trans
fer his flag to the Oregon.
A Boy's Bicycle Lawn Slower.
I never walk about in the town without
being impressed with the ingenuity ol the
small boy. A few afternoons ago I was
passing a house out on the road to the
Soldiers Home. It w?s rather a hand
some house, with a wide sweep of velvety
lawn, windingly fhtersected by a cement
driveway. A boy of about 14 was cutting
the narrow fringe of grass beside the
driveway. He was mounted on a bicycle
and as he rode he pushed the lawn-mower
along beside him. Of course it was much
harder work than walking with the grass
cutter would have been and a deal slower
in the doing, but no real live boy is ever
going to let such trifling considerations as
those have weight with him.—Washing
ton Post. 6
Struck It the first Time.
"So you have written a novel?"
"Yes."
"Has your heroine satin skin, velvet
eyelashes, and hair iiko threads of spun
gold?"
"Yes." ,
"Is her name Gwendoline?"
"It is."
"Then 1 don't see why it shouldn't be a
success."— Tit-Bits.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1896.
DUEL FOUGHT
NEAR ALAMO
Teamster Ramon Zumaya
Puts a Mexican Judge
to Flight.
DEFIES COURT ORDERS.
Defends Himself When Justice
Goes Forth to Assert Its
Authority.
RUEAIES IN HIS PURSUIT.
Determined on Capturing the Fugi
tive, Who Stands Adjudged in
Contempt
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 27.— Ramon
Zumaya, a freighter at Alamo, Lower Cali
fornia, is out in the hills with a posse of
ten rurales pursuing him. Zumaya is a
peaceable citizen, but on two occasions
has been drawn into trouble, in which he
developed a rare capacity for taking care
of himself. Both of these affairs were
with Mexican Judges.
On a former occasion Znmaya was sub
jected to gross indignities by a little Judge
who took advantage of his authority, and
Zumaya retaliated by wringing the Judge's
nose, defying a posse that was sent to
apprehend him. He kept the pursuers at
bay for a weet, and by that time the Gov
ernor at Ensenada was acquainted with
the details and ordered the posse off.
The second fracas took place last
Wednesday. Judge Julio Gonzales sent
word for Znmaya to apnear at his court
and pay a fine for an in traction of the
local resulations regarding ore hauling.
Zumaya sent back word that he would not
come, and that the Judge had better give
up any hope of collecting the hne. Judge
Gonzalps got on his horse and started out
to get Zumaya, taking a rifle with which
to enforce the order of the court,
Zumaya heard that the Judge was look
ing for him, and he hurried home and got
his rifle.
He had hardly secured the weapon be
fore Gonzales appeared and a duel began.
Zumaya dodged behind a rock and his
bullets whizzed so close to the Judge's ears
that Gonzaies jumped off his horse and
also sought protection behind a bowluer.
In all fifteen shots were fired. Neither
man was hit.
Gonzales retired and gathered a posse of
ten rurales, and Zumaya took advantage
of the lull in the battle to retreat to trie
woods, where he has been hiding ever
since. The soldiers have located him, but
nave not pressed him very closely. At
last accounts Zumaya was still at large.
SAN JOSE'S COUNTY FAIR
Products of the Santa Clara
Valley in Array for the
Opening.
Senator Perkins Will Speak at the
Pavilion To-Day — Building an
Electric Tower.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 27.— The County
Fair, which opens In this city to-morrow
evening, will be the largest and most
complete exhibition of the products of
Santa Clara County ever held.
Senator George C. Perkins will deliver
the opening address. He will bo followed
by J. A. Filcher, secretary of the State
Board of Trade. Hon. Jackson Hatch of
this city will preside at the opening exer
cises. The Marine band of this city will
give a cencert.
Workmen were busy to-day putting ex
hibits into place. The best feature of the
fair will be an electric tower in the center
of the pavilion. It is 35 feet high and
will be surmounted by a large reflector
and twelve lights of 32-candle-power each.
Reaching to the top on all sides are in
numerable rows of colored electric-lights.
Another feature will be the woman's
department, where all kinds of needle
and fancy work will be exhibited. The
art department will contain the best col
lection of oil-paintings ever seen in this
city.
Fine exhibits of goods have been made
by the merchants of this city, and a!l pro
ducts of the farm, orchard and vineyard
will be shown. Never before has such an
interest been taken in a fair in this city.
DEL MONTE'S SEASON.
Many Arrivals at the Hotel During the
Past Week— Wheeling and Tennis
in Vogue.
DEL MONTE, Cal., Sept. 27.— The fall
season at Hotel del Mocte has opened.
The many arrivals in the past week show
that the big caravansary will not be dull
for some time yet. A great many of the
late summer guests who remained through
the most of this month have only recently
left, and some families still remain. The
J. A. Donohoes will stay until the middle
of October and probably longer. Douglas
Dick, wife and children arrived during the
week. They will remain for several
months. M. and Mme. Barrois of Lille,
France, are also here for an extended
visit. George Crocker has engaged rooms
and will arrive next week with his family.
They will remain two months.
Wheeling and tennis are still in vogue
here, while swimming in the surf seems
to lack the old-time delight for the quests.
The Del Monte baths still hold their own
and many people are seen every day be
tween the hours of 11 and 1 gayly trying
the different strokes and dives yet new to
them. Tne baths will close on' October 1.
Among the prominent arrivals during
the past week are:
Richard S. Miner, C. R. Hansen, E. 8. Fow
ler of San Francisco, S. R. Fowler and wife,
Vineland, N. J. ; W. 11. Minton and wife, John
W. Larr, Mrs. W. 11. Clary, Stockton; Miss E.
A. Merrill and Mies Elizabeth A. Merrill, Ala
bama: G. W. Wharton, Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Jor
don, Miss M. T. Jordon, New York City ; Mr.
mid Mrs. Hellyer, Miss Hellyer. Chicago; F.
■\V''ber, New York City; Mrs. J. E. Meeker,
Mine A. L. Meeker, Miss J. A. Meeker, Pasa
dena; Mrs. M. Collins, Boston; Miss Charlotte
Collins, Miss A. E. List. Miss Charlotte John
ston, Wheeling, W. Va. ; Fred Zucker. Los As
geleß; George C. Utquhnrt and wife, I'ittsburg;
Mrs. C. M. Frain, New Orleans; J. Molley Jr.,
H. W. Matters, Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Craig and
Emmlit Craig, New Orleans; George A. Mon
tell and wife, Alameda; Otway C. Morrow «nd
wife, Mr. and Mr*. Douglas Dick and family,
San Mateo; W. H. Kintr, San Francisco; M. and
Mme.Barrois, Lille. France; Mrs. Lizzie Games
Krnith, New Mexico; Miss Gaineu-Smith, Vir
ginia; Richard S. Miner, George A. Montell, D.
Hellman, D. A. Darkan, Proicsxor Macewen,
Glasgow; Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Vineland and
family, all of New York; J. J. Poole and wife,
Cuarlei \V. Dold. W. K. Z. Sana, rittsburg:
Captain T. W. Hart, W. N. McCarthy, San
Francisco.
A WARSHIP AT EUREKA.
The Monitor Monadnoek Cast* Anchor
in the Sorth Channel.
EUREKA, Cal., Sept. 27.— The monitor
Monadnock, which has been expected here
since the 21st, arrived to-day and is now
at anchor in the north channel. This is
the first time that a warship ever entered
this harbor, and numbers of people turned
out to welcome it. Tne bay was covered
with launches and boats of all descrip
tions. The steamer Pomona, with about
500 aboard, met the coast-defender at the
entrance and accompanied it up the bay.
The Naval Reserve drilled this afternoon
with the regulars, preparatory to the
weeKs cruise which it will take. To-mor
row the Monadnock will be open for pub
lic inspection.
Indian Jubilee at Xarth Takima,
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept 27.— A great
Indian jubilee, the main features of which
are races and ware dances, will be inaugu
rated at North Yakima with the opening
to-morrow of the Washington State Fair.
The best horses and the most noted lead
ers of war dances from various tribes west
of the Rockies have been secured. Chief
White Swan has guaranteed that no less
than 10,000 Indians from the Moses, Uma
tilla, YaKima, Nez Perce and other North
western tribes and reservations shall be
present,
Woodland Hunter* Arrested.
WOODLAND, Cal., Sept. 27.— Five
Woodland hunters came to grief this
morning. Recently numerous complaints
have been tiled in the State Game Com
missioner's office about tne slaughter of
young ducks in the great Yolo basin.
Early this morning Deputy Game and
Fish Commissioner Helms of Sacramento
while patroling the tules captured T. C.
Clifford, A. Duedonnie, Ed Duedonnie and
Elmer and Clyde O?bom in the act of
shooting young birds. The offenders
were brought to this city and will be given
a trial to-morrow.
FUSION IN THE TENTH,
Democrats and Populists Unite
on E. A. Bridgford for the
Assembly.
A Combine of Forces Effected After
Hours of Wrangling and
Lobbyicg.
COLUSA, Cal., Sept. 27. — Both the
Democratic and Populist conventions were
held at Bartlett Springs yesterday to nom
inate a candidate for the Tenth Assembly
District, comprising Colusa, Lake and
Glenn counties. M. B. Elliott was elected
chairman of the Populist Convention and
Jesse Poundstone secretary. The dele
gates nominated Hon. W. A. Vann by
acclamation, and appointed a committee
of three to confer with a like committee of
Democrats to arrange a fusion.
In the Democratic Convention W. H.
Sale of Glenn County was elected chair
man and P. H. Graham of Williams secre
tary. As candidate for Assemblyman
Thomas J. Donahue presented the name of
Hon. E. A. Bridgford, and he was nomi
nated by acclamation.
A committee of three was appointed to
confer with the Populist committee for
the purpose of agreeing on either Vann or
Bridgford.
The fusion committee went into ex
ecutive session and wrangled for an hour,
but as both sides claimed the right to
name the candidate they could not agree
and a recess was taken and all hands went
to lobbying. The result was that after six
hours of hard work Vann declined in
favor of Bridgford and Bridgford was in
dorsed as the Populist candidate.
SA N RAFAEL'S BABY ORATOR.
Willie Rodet/ Will Addres* the McKinley
and Hobart Club.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 27.— Willie
Rodey, the six-year-old oratorical prodiey
of San Rafael, who recently indited and
sent a political letter to Major McKinley,
will deliver an address before the McKin
ley and Hobart Club on Tuesday evening.
This phenomenal youngster argues poli
tics with the logic of a man of years,
though his parents have little education
and he has never gone to school. His
subject will be "Free Trade vs. Protec
tion."
Women Rally at Hun ford.
HANFORD, Cal., Sept. 27.— The Equal
Suffrage mass-meeting at the Wigwam in
this city last night was a grand success.
It was attended by people from Lemoore,
Grangeville, Armona and the farming dis
tricts of Kings County. The meeting was
presided over by Mrs. J. H. Fox, president
of the Kings County Equal Suffrage Club.
Rev. Sarah Pratt Carr delivered the ad
dress of welcome and the Lemoore and
Hanford Glee Clubs and the Hanford
Park band supplied music. Susan B. An
thony and Mrs. Carrie Catt were the
speakers.
Snutalito'f Active Republican*.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Sept. 27.— The local
McKinley and Hobart Club has appointed
an executive committee of ten as
follows: I. T. Harnes, Captain C. P.
JJruce, F. D. Linsley, L. Gjoli. John Lason,
I). F. Markeley, Judge J. H. Pryor, F. F.
Fiedler, A. Lawrence, W. C. Brown. The
club has perfected arrangements for a
monster rally on Tuesday night. Con
gressman Barhani, J. J. Roberts and Gen
eral Dickinson will deliver speeches.
Getting Woodlmnd Signature*.
WOODLAND, Cal., Sept. 27.— C. P.
Sammers, a prominent gold Democrat, is
circulating a petition in this county to
have Palmer and Buckner electors placed
on the State ticket. Thus far he has 250
signatures.
REAL DEL CASTILLO SPORT.
Thousands of Dollars and Scores of Cattle
Wagered on a Race Between
Local Horses.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 27. —A big
horserace took place at Real del Castillo,
a little mining town below the line to-day.
The horses were Saino. owned by Don
Emiliano Ibarra, and I O C, owned by
William Grabham. Ibarra is a rich man
and Grabham fs manager of the Ojos Ne
gros ranch. They put up $1000 and
twenty-seven steers apiece, and their
friends swelled the purse to $3000 and
about 100 Head of cattle.
For several weeks, in fact since the fiesta
on the 16th, the partisans of each horse
have been arranging for to-day's race.
The horses were evenly matched and both
are locally famous. The race this after
noon was over a course of 500 yards
straight away. Ibarra's Saino won" by a
neck after as pretty a race as the Mexi
cans had ever witnessed.
There was no trouble and the stake
holder paid over the money and the steers.
Ibarra's vaqueros rounded unthe herd and
drove them over to Jacalitos, where they
will come in handy as food for the fifty or
more miners employed by Ibarra.
Queer Fish Caught Off Pigeon Point.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Sept. 27.— Captain
George Storry yesterday harpooned a
strange sea-rover resembling a sunfish off
Pigeon Point. It has no tail, its three feet
long by two broad, and weighs over 300
rounds. None of the species has ever be
fore been seen hereabouts.
.._.__. v-fn _ rLj NEW TO-PAT— -CLOTHING.
YOU
Will always find a successful house— a
house that enjoys good trade — you will
always find its methods imitated.
You can take up the papers any day
in the week and you'll find steals from
our ads. You'll find our illustrations
stolen by our competitors ; you'll find
even our prices quoted. They stop at
nothing to ape the big Kearny-street
store's methods, but it's not our methods
alone that bring us the trade— if s the
goods we have to offer, our tiny prices,
courteous treatment and the constant
striving on our part to please. Merit
has its sure reward. We have merited
your trade and you are rewarding us
liberally.
*
IF I
We were to attempt to describe our Overcoats,
which occupy two floors, a floor space of £9,400
square feet, it would take a dozen pages, and
then it would have to be set in small type to tell
you of all the pretty garments lined with rich
satins, and the pretty way the garments are
made up. To attempt to tell you of these two
floors of Overcoats, ranging in price from $4-0 i
down to $5, would be almost an impossibility.
We're merely going to tell you about one great
big special that we're going to offer to-morrow,
and that, in the language of the day, is a peach.
It's about a coat that has made the big Kearny-
street store famous. '
An Overcoat that has stood four years of un-
abated popularity, an overcoat that has made
fast friends among the best dressers.
An Overcoat that has brought people back to
the store to get another like it again. A Coat
having such a reputation is the coat for you to
wear, is it not ?
That Overcoat is the Royal Kersey of ours. It
has stood the test of time. There is only one dif-
ference between our Royal Kersey of to-day and
that of the previous season. We have put in it
richer linings, finer trimmings, tailored it up to
date, and it looks even handsomer than the
Royal Kersey of last season.
The shades are blue, black and brown, and
some very handsome shades of tan.
You will find these Royal Kersey Overcoats
on the backs of the most stylish dressers in
'Frisco. It's a dressy garment ; it's a fashion-
able garment.
Two lengths— the English Box and the
Chesterfield.
And the beauty of it all is that it costs you
$ 1 000.
Some right fashionable Ulsters in those me-
dium shades in Scotches, with deep storm collar,
one of the best wearers that we have in stock.
Some right clever Ulsters in Irish Frieze, in
blue or black. Your pick of Scotches or Friezes at
$ 1 0.00.
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED),
A House Built to It's Present Magnitude by
Having at All Times Kept Its Word.
9, 11, 13 and 15 KEARNY STREET.
ENG AGED
In business building, we never rest on
our laurels, never rest content, n or let
well enough alone, but are constantly
improving. ' . •
If we were so successful in past seasons
in building up such a large business as
we at present enjoy, why, our suits this
year ought to double our business for us,
as they possess a chic, a snappiness, a
brightness, and cleverness in tailoring
that ought to win their way into your
favor at once. There's no assortment iiv
town that will compare with ours. Our
window exhibits will prove it if you will
take the time to look at 'em. ■ Every style
is new ; everything is bright and fresh.
Plaid
Suitings!
Our % Plaid Suits with front vests have
made a hit. The plaids are so rich; they're not
loud, but there's a certain prettiness about 'em
that makes f ern attractive to the most stylish
dressers, and the fly -front vest is a different
affair from the fly-front vest we see other stores
showing. Ours are made by tailors and not by
cloth-butchers.
These clever plaids and a, liberal assortment of
'em on sale Monday in our bi<s Suit Booms at
$10.00.
■"'■ ■ ■ »
Winter Serges.
Is there a garment more dressy than an Eng-
lish Serge? It's a garment that dresses you up
for all occasions ; we- mean the winter weight
Serges; they're awfully pretty, awfully swell
looking, in blue or black, in Double-breasted
Sacks, Single-breasted Sacks and in Cutaways^
and they have been treated by our very best tailors.
You will find these garments on sale Monday
at • '■". ■""••.•
at $10.00.
Business and
Semi=dress Suits
Over 500 different styles to select from, and
every garment a perfect example of art tailoring.
Some very handsome styles in Silk Mixtures ;
some very clever ideas in blue and black Twill
Cheviots; some very pretty effects in Scotches, in
Single and Double Breasted Sacks, also in Cut*
away*.
On sale Monday in our big Suit Booms at ~
$10.00.
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED),
THE FRISCO BOYS,
9, 11, 13 and 15 KEARNY STREET.
Two Entire Buildings. Eight Floors.
34
TABERNACLE TALK
AT LOS ANGELES
Bishop Foss Preaches an
Eloquent Sermon to
Thousands.
LIFE OF THE SAVIOR.
Assembled Methodists Shout
Hallelujahs in His
Name.
TRIBUTES TO THE NAZARENE.
The Grandeur of H s Career on Earth
Pictured in Masterly
Phrase.
Los Angeles Office of The Call,)
S2B Broadway, >
Los Angeles, Cal , Sept. 27.)
The programme in the Southern Califor
nia Methodist Episcopal Conference to
day began' with a love fenst at 9 a. m.,
which was largely attended and partici
pated in by Korea of Methodists who have
grown gray in the cause. At 10:30 the
ordination of deacons took place, and at
11 o'clock Bishop Foss preached a power
ful sermon on "The Life of Christ."
In bis delineation of Christ's wonderful
character Bishop Foss held his audience
spellbound for nearly an hour. The creat
tabernacle was packed not only on the
pulpit floor, but in both balconies, at least
300 people standing throughout the deliv
ery of the sermon. The audience was in
many respects a notable one.
There were half a hundred able minis
ters of the denomination on the platform,
and distributed through the congregation
there were many leading members of the
Los Angeles bar ana grave Judges of the
courts. The medical profession was
largely represented, and scores of leading
business men, editors, reporters and cor
respondents were present.
The great preacher was thoroughly fa
miliar with his topic. lor nearly a half
century he has been preaching and
studying the life of the Savior. As he
warmed to his subject, and in all the
beauties of the English language por
trayed the grandeur, the sublimity and
yet the simplicity of Christ's life on earth,
many o! his hearers were visibly touched
and cave expression to their overwrought
feelings in hallelujahs of praise. Ihe
minister's words and the scene which
they evoked were inspiring. The splen
did panegyric upon the moral and mental
superiority of Christ were echoed back in
hearty amens.
In referring to the death on the cross
the Bishop said that this most revolting
and despised form of execution had been
immortalized into an emblem of Christ's
pure religion. Ihe speaker said he would
glory in seeing that cross on every Prot
estant church throughout the civilized
•worlu. Referring to those who still de
nied, or at least pretended to doubt, the
beneficent influence of Christianity in the
world the speaker said one might as well
attempt to deny the existence of Los An
gelep, the Pacific Ocean or the sun.
The Bishop read tributes to the life and
work of Christ from tbe scholars of all
ages, many of them inridels. all of whom
acknowledged his transcendent goodness
and wisdom. His last, his dying words,
were a fitting finale to a blameless life, de
void of a single mistake, when he said,
".rather, forgive them, for they know not
what they ao."
The educational anniversay took place
this evening, during which several promi
nent members of the conference addressed
the people.
Ad> b» Structure* Jiurn*<t.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept 27.— A fire
oi considerable magnitude occurred this
evening on New High street, near Belle-
vue avenue, partially consuming three old
adobe structures, involving a loss of about
$6000. A fireman came in contact with a
live electric wire and was seriously though
not fatally shocked. A network of telei
graph wires near the burning buildings
made it necessary for tbe firemen to cut a
large number of Western Union wires
leading out of the city.
BUGLE CALLS HARMONIZED.
Army and Navy Will Use the Same Melo
dies Hereafter to Avoid Confusion.
There are no occasions worthy of the
slightest feeling in which music is not
u?ed. A practical yet interesting way of
using melodies is the issuing of orders in
the army and navy.
In all time previous to last week the
orders of the army and navy In action
were unlike. In a case of the coast crew
being called ashore the confusion arising
from the navy not knowing the orders of
the army can perhaps be imagined better
than described, but a committee have been
at work investigating and adjusting mat
ters so that like bugle directions
for both army and navy have been
established and sanctioned by the {signa
ture of the Secretary of War.
In the infantry, cavalry and light artil
lery the "first call," "guard mounting,"
"full dress," "overcoats," "drill,"
"stable," "water." "boots and saddles,"
"assembly," "adjutant's call," "fire," "to
arms," "to horse," "reveille," "retreat,"
"tattoo." "taps." "mess" and "sick," all
these are the same. The call for "church"
of the "light artillery" is quite a different
melody, and more suggestive of sacred
music than the cavalry or infantry calls.
Then the light infantry have a call to
quarters which the others have not.
Of course the arill signals differ in the
three divisions of the army, as their duties
are different. "Attention" and "halt"
are the Fame. Any order of "front,"
"right.' 1 "rise," is begun low and ends
high :. in "rear," "left" and "lie down"
the chord becomes a cadence, that is, it
ends low.
"The "Rogues' March" has something
in the melody which sounds mocking and
quite enough to discourage the poor fel
low who, by some act, is drummed out of
camp. "Are you not ashamed?" fits the
first strain quite well.
The navy seems to be governed by the
individual trumpeter, excepting the
"reveille," "morning colors," "retreat,"
"evening colors," "tattoo" and "extin
guish lights," which are used by all ships
of war, but all other orders, calls or sig
nals are of each ship's own devising. For
instance, a ship called "Polly" baa for one
of its calls "Polly, pat the kettle on" ; so
that should part of a crew be transferred
from one ship to another their orders
would be as Greek to the visitors.
The expression of "piping" is a call to
listen for orders or to breakfast. The
boatswain's whistle is used for this, and it
may mean a change of smoking hour. It
is to call attention to the order. The
sailors go to and retreat from quarters by
fife and dram. "Fire" in action is j sig
naled by bell or gong — that is. alarm of
fir*— song i* also need for quick alarm at
night ■
Long toll of dram and gong is the same
as tattoo. Tbe stirring strains of '•assem
bly" often Rive courage to a company
almost disorganized. The "quickstep
gives the weary feet strength when the
body is unable to do without it. But
music has such power with the human
frame that we wonder why it is not con
sidered of greater importance than it is,
not only esthetically, but scientitically. —
Washington Star.
STATE PERQUISITES.
Some Privileges Which Havn the Au-
thority in ngland of Old Liiwi.
There are at the present day many per
quisites which a high official of state may
claim for himself, and some of these are
both valuable and curious, says London
Tid-bits. At the coronation of George IV
many claims were received, all of which
w«?re duly considered and "allowed" or
"disallowed." The .Lord Great C amber
lain, for instance, in the person of the
Duke of Ancaster, claimed for himself all
the wearing apparel that the King wore
tbe night before his coronation and the
furniture of the room in which he 6lept,
besides the ri>:ht to wash tbe King's hands
in the ba»in before the banquet, a silver
basin and ewer and forty yards ot crimson
velvet. Thes* claims were commuted for
the sum of £200.
The chief butler at a coronation may
claim a cup of pure gold and the Lord
Mayor has the right to assist him by
handing him a cup ol wine, afterward
keeping the cup for himself.
The chief larderer at a coronation may
claim the remains of the feast and these
were taken possession of by Lord Aber
gavenny at the coronation of George IV.
The sergeant of the scullery's share In
the proceedings consists of all the plate
that has been used ai the feast, but this is
generally commuted for a sum of money.
Heralds in the old day? came in for
many good things. At a royal christen
ing, for instance, they were entitled to ail
the mantles, warming pans, cloths, pil
lows, basins and ewers that might be in
use, together with the right to can three
times for largesse.
'•Spur money" was a very common form
of perquisite in the olden days, and even
now the choristersof St. Paul's may claim
the royal *purs at installations ana tbe
annual feast of St. George. At the time
when St. Paul's Cathedral was a place of
public promenade the cuoristers were at
liberty to pounce on any knight wearing
spurs and demand his money. He was
exempt from th 8 fine, however, it tbe
youngest of them present failed to repeat
his gamut correctly when challenged. It
is said that the Duke of Wellington
escaped in this way.
HE GOT EVEN.
Congressman Culberson Plays a Practi-
cal Joke Upon Tom \* illiains.
The story of the Alabama lawsuit in
volving a jack, in which Congressman
Tom Williams of Alabama and Judge Cul
berson of Texas appeared upon opposite
sides and the use the former made of it in
a campaign has been published, but the
sequel never was, says the Washington
Star.
Congressman Williams and Robert G.
Ingersoll resemble each other very closely,
the only point of very noticeable dis
similarity beinc a slierht scar upon Colonel
Ingersoll's face. When Congressman
Williams tod the lawsuit story Judge
Cu.berson concluded to get even. Procur
ing two dozen lithographs of Ingersoil,
used by him in his lecture tours, ihe Judge
cut off the name and signed them in imi
tation of Williams' writing: "Very truly
yours, Tom L. Williams,''
These heaenttomen in different parts
of the Alabama District, being careful to
le.ive out the most influential friends 'of
Williams, in a short time the scheme be
gan to work. Williams received letters
asking for one of his big pictures. These
he answered graciously, saying that he
had none. Then would come bacK replies
in tbe most indignant style telling him
that they had seen them and that if he
wanted to lie about it he oould do without
their support. These letters Mr. Williams
referred to his friend, Judge Culberson.
who advised him to go home and
straighten it out. This the perplexed
member did, obtaining a ten-day leave of
absence. When he returned he said to the
Judse:
"I found them there, framed and hung
up. They looked like me and there was
my signature. Finally I noticed the scar
on tbe face and that saved me. I got it
fixed up, but 1 had to go to every county
in the district."
Finally it leaked out who played the
joke and a compact was made tnat Wil
liams should never again mention the
lawsuit and Judge Culberson should play
no more joke*.
TO TEST THE BATTERY.
General Miles May Inspect the
Dynamite Guns at the
Presidio To-Day.
Fifth Artillery Regiment Still En
tertains a Slight Hcpe of Re
maining Here.
Major-General Miles, commanding the
United States army, was at Del Monte yes
terday. He will probably visit the Pre
sidio this ait- moon and inspect the dyna
mite and mortar batteries and look at the
12-mch rifles on the hill above Fort Point.
Tne hope is still entertained by officers
and enlisted men of the Fifth Artillery
that orders for the transfer of the troops
may be still further modified so as to per
mit the regiment to remain three years
more in this department.
Major Wells Willard is announced as
chief commissary of this department, re
lieving Major Charles S. Eagan, commis
sary of subsistence.
Lieutenant Sydney A. Cloman, First In
fantry, hab been directed to report to the
commanding officer at Fort Mason ' for
temporary duty at that post, relieving
Lieutenant Albert C. Blunt, Fifth Ar
tillery.
Lieutenant George A. Detchmendy, First
In.'antry, has been ordered to report to
the commanding officer at Alcatraz for
temporary duty at that post.
A general court-martial will convene at
An^el Island to-morrow. Following is de
tail for the court: Maj ir Benjamin F.
Pope (surgeon), Capttin Francis E. Pierce,
John J. O'Connell, Cuaiies G. Starr, First
Infantry, and Lieutenants Leon S. Roud
rez, Richard C. Croxton and Charles L.
Bent, First Infantry.
Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson V. D. Mid
dleton, deputy surgeon-general ; Major
Wells Willard, commissary of subsistence,
and Lieutenant Frank 'Greene, signal
corps, have been directed to inventory and
submit required returns of the public
property or funds in charge of the late
Captain Addison Barrett, military store
keeper.
Lieutenant John D. Miley, Fifth Artil
lery, relieves Captain Oscar F. Long, as
sistant quartermaster at the Presidio.
Furloughs have been granted to John
Hallizan, Battery F, Fifth Artillery ;
James L. Webb, Company H, First In
fantry, and Sergeant Albert Jang, Com
pany D, First Infantry.
. On leaving the Presidio for New York
the Fifth Artillery cannot take away the
fixtures, library and equipment of tne Pre
sidio Club, as the officers of the Fourth
Cavalry have a joint interest in the club
property. When the First Artillery left
this post six years ago the club property
belonged to the regimental mess and went
with the regiment. A suitable arrange
ment of some kind may be made for a
transfer of the Fifth 'Artillery's interest in
trie Presidio Club's property to the coming
officers^ the Third Artillery.
> m »
loAxson watches, Jewelry, •Uvcnrara, at Uncle
Haiti*', 16 Grast artun*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1896.
CITIZEN SOLDIERS
OF THE STATE.
Colonel D. B. Fairbanks, Fifth Infantry;
Colonel J. J. Nunan, Sixth Infantry, and
Lieutenant-Colonel J. C. Currier of the
division staff met as a uniform and equip
ment Doard last Monday evening. The
officers composing this boaid will make
diligent inquiry to ascertain what the
various organizations of the guard require
in order to render the f>>rce efficient for
active service in the lield. Facts have
already come to the knowledge of the
board that many of the old Springfield
rifles are unserviceable. It is known that
the Benicia Arsenal contains excellent
Springfield rifles which were turned in
when the regular troops received the Krag-
Jorgen^en army rifles, and a special effort
will be made to have a sufficient number
of the returned rifles reissued to render
the National Guard equipment complete
in this respect.
The bonrd appointed to examine officers
recently appointed to the staff of Major
general James consists of General Jobn
H. Dickin-on, retired. Colonel W. P. Sul
livan, retired, and Colonel D. B. Fair
banks, Fifth Infantry. The division staff
officers will no (onkter languish for their
commissions and the opportunity to ren
der service.
Leave of absence has been granted to F.
S. Cbadbourne, colonel and paymaster
general on the Governor's staff.
First Brigade.
The resignations of Thomas Ncrney,
lieutenant-colonel of the Seventh Infan
try, and George L. Carter, second lieuten
ant, Company C, Seventh Infantry, have
been accepted.
SALINAS, Cal., Sept. 25.— An unusual
amount of interest has been manifested
among the members of Troop C for the
past two months. The troop has been
drilling four nights a week and show a
marked improvement in their evolutions,
and particularly in their saber move
ments. While at mounted drill last week
the troop executed the extended-order
drill, the charge as foragers and other
cavalry movements. The charge as for
agers created no little excitement, when
the trooo came charging down the hill
side at full gallop, the boys yelling like
Indians and executing the different cuts
and thrusts against an imaginary enemy,
their movements causing the old war vet
erans to exclaim that it looked more like
reality tuan a mere drill. Drills each
evening are pieceded by the settine-up
exercises, ending with guard mounting
The members of the troop were very
much disappointed at not being able to
get into iheir armory the 2-itti inst., as
they haa made every arrangements for
celebrating the event wth a fine exhibi
tion drill in the new armory hall. The
drill hall of the armory is surrounded by
a low gallery and is excellently arranged
for iving exhibition drills.
Since tbe semi-annual target practice,
which took place last Thursday, the offi
cers of the troop have given three med
als for three classes — A, B and C, to be
shot for the coming month, and no li. tie
rivalry will be shown as to who shall be
the victors. Captain Burke is determined
that Troop C shall be an honor to the
State and he is sparing no pains to do
everything that shall promote the effi
ciency of the troop. Several members
have been discharged and their places
filled only by those who will take an in
terer t In the welfare of the troop.
Tiie average attendance at weekly drills
is about 70 pt-r cent. As a result of the
target shoot about twenty-five will qualify
for bronze medals and four for silver med
als. The troop has not yet been supplied
with carbines and tbe scores were all made
witti the 3S-caliber Colt's revolvers. The
majority of the members of the troop are
accustomed to rifle shooting. The revol
ver is something new to them and another
year will show a vast improvement in
th«-ir scores.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., Sept. 24.—
The semi-annual target practice of Com
pany X, Seventh Infantry, took place at
the D-street range to-day under the super
vision of Lieutenant H. H. Sinclair, in
spector of rifle practice of the Seventh
Regiment. Tne day has been a periect
one for target practice and the scores
made show that the interest in tnis branch
of a soldier's duties is not neglected by
od K. Sergeant Paarce and Frivase Hol
comb tied for the company medal with a
score of 43 each. Private Holcomb will,
however, wear the metal, as Sergeant
Pearce's score contains two 3s, which
gives the medal to Holcomb. Following
is a list of the highest scores made: Hol
comb 43, Pearce 43. Key land 42, Frantz 41,
Jeffrey 41, Voges 41, Nickerson 40, Rodd^n
40, J. Whetlock 40. Rowntree 38. Ccx 39,
Fabun 38, C. Reber 38. L. Allen 37, Faris
37, Stevens 37, Thomas 37. Every man on
the rolls was present and shot his score.
Twenty-nine men made 30 or over and
nine men mad 40 or over.
LOS ANGELES, OAU, Sept. 27.— Tbe
semi-annual rifle practice contests in the
Seventh Regiment have been going on in
tbe different counties of Southern Cali
fornia within the past week under the in
spection of Major D. R. Weiler detailed
by Colo el John R. Berry for th<» purpose
in the absence of Lieutenant Sinclair of
Redlands, inspector of rifle practice.
The shoot of Company D was held at
San Diego, seventy-one out of seventy
seven participating, forty-seven qualify
ing for medals. The highest score was
made by Corporal John M. Smith, with a
record of 42 oat of a possible 50, thus
qualifying him for the silver bar. The
shoot of Company L took place at Santa
Ana. sixty-four out of sixiy-six taking
Dart, thirty-five qualifying. The highest
score was made by Quartermaster E. M.
Hannah, viz., 44. Oorupany F'sshootcame
off at the range in East Los Angeles,
fifty-five out of fifty-nine participating,
thirty-five qualifying for medals. The
highest score was made by Captain F. L.
Reyn Ids. Company A shot on the same
day, three qualifying. The highest score
was made by Private Samuel Crawford,
42. In Company C, Los Angeles, thirty
hve took pnrt anii twenty-five qualified.
Company I of Pasadena, fortv-nve ont
of fifty-two participated, thirty-five quali
fying. In thia contest Sergeant A. B.
Case made the best score of the day, 46
out of a possible 50 points, thereby quali
fying for the sharpshooters' gold bar. Mr.
Case is the only one in this section of tbe
State so far this year to get in line for this
honor, and is now eligible to compete for
the State championship at the contest
which will be held in Sacramento as «oon
as tbe various companies have completed
their local work.
All the scores given were made with the
regulation Springfield 45.70 rifles over
Cre^dmore ranges and targets at 200 yards.
Company E will shoot at Banta Paula to
morrow, and Company H at Ventura on
Tuesday, which ends tbe contest.
Last Thursday the Seventh Regiment
band revolver shoot came off on the fifty
yard range at the east end of Downey
avenue. The hignest score was made by
Musician Watson, who made 35 out of a
possible 50. The field and staff officers'
shoot with revolvers came off on the same
day. The highest score, 40. was m;tde by
Captain H. D. Alfonso, adjutant of the
reg ment. In the contest of non-commis
sioned officers Regimental Quanermaster
serpeant Daniel Clark made a score of 10
straights, a rare record.
Politics is beginning to warm up in the
regiment over the election of a lieutenant
colonel which will prooably take place in
October. The possible candidates are Ma
jor J. W. F. Diss, brigade inspector of
San Bernardino, and Captain W. G.
Scbreiber of Company A, Los Angeles.
BAN DIEGO, Cal., B<>pt. 27.— The
members of Company B. Seventh Regi
ment, N. G. C, are making great prepa
rations to celebrate the fifteenth anniver
sary of the company on Obtobor 15. Com
pany B is one of the oldest military or
ganizations in Southern California and
us itacdard oi efficiency has always been
high. It was organized first as the City
Guard and lived a short time as an inde
pendent company, when it was mustered
into tbe National Guard by Major James
A. Gibson of the brigade stjff, mustering
officer. This event occurred on October
15. 1881, and its anniversary will be one
of the most pleasing celebrations of a
military character ever given in the city.
The company had for its first Captain
Douglas Gunn, afterward Mayor of the
city.
During the fifteen years intervening
three captains have served and the pres
ent captain, R. V. Dodge, :a as popular as
any of his predecessor*. He is post
master of San Diego and a royal good fel
low. The boys are in full accord, enthusi
astic over their work and proud of their
record as the crack company in the State
in the way of drilling. At last week's
monthly inspection and dance the celebra
tion was discussed and preparations made
to bold a bie dance and exhibition drill
with other features. The State shoot was
held last Monday and some good snooting
done, considering the fact that a sharp
wui.i was blowing. The average score
per man was 30.34 and the hiehest score
was made by Corporal Smith, 42. Nearly
half of the men will get medals or bars for
marksmanship,;
The State s oot of the third division,
Naval Battalion, was held Friday and
yesterday. A nasty wind was blowing on
the range Friday which prevented high
scoring, but yesterday there was good
shooting. Petty Officer Rapier and Sea
man Robinson tied, each making 43. The
average of the company was high.
Second Brigade.
The resignation of W. F. Chipman,
commanding Company G, Fifth Infantry,
has been accepted.
Leave of absence for ninety days has
been granted to J. P. Duun, major and
surgeon, Fifth Infantry.
The First Infantry, as a compact regi
ment of twelve companies and three bat
talions, is getting into good shape. Spe
cial attention is paid to battalion drills,
and much improvement is noticeable.
On account of removal or expiration of
term o: service the following enlisted men
have been discharged: Riciiard L. board,
William H. Donnelly, John J. Donahue,
Charl s E. Kelly, Robert E. Laws, N. V.
! Robbing, Michael Hannon, William Har
mon, Raymond H. McCune, Frederick
Gehret, Walter J. Harvey, William W.
Wilson, Thomas J. Ryan, Claude D.
Brander, Fred J. Lamke, Artnur T.
Eagan, August Schwartz, Sergeant John
Lanigan, Alfred J. Bornemann and Paul
Graves.
Colonel Wiiliam Macdonald has re
turned from the springs and is on duty
again as regimental commander.
Cantain Bums MacdonaM, formerly of
the Seconii Artillery, has returned from a
trip to England, Scotland and the conti
nent oi Europe. He was absent eighteen
months, and derived much pleasure and
instruction from tbe tour.
Lieutenant-Colonel Duboce is taking an
active part in plans for promoting athletic
contests in the First Infantry. The field
athletics in the United States army have
been ao successful that leading National
Guard officers have no hesitation in rec
ommending that guardsmen follow the
example of regular soldiers.
T.e First Infantry was not largely rep
resented in the State shoot at Shell Mound
Park last Saturday. Tbe rule prohibiting
marKamen who fell below a certain point
at the preliminary shoot to compete in
the linal contest diminished the attend
ance. F. J. Connor, Company F, stored
43. Meyer o: < ompany C scored 46, Par
inalle and Waltham of the same com
pany made 45 each. Baumgarten and
Ptrry of Company B each scored 45. Cap
tain Sutliffe and Corporal Hirst of Com
pany G each scored 43.
Company A, Fifth Infantry, was at the
ranee during the aiternoon. Summers
scored 46 and Cleveland 45.
Third Brigade.
Leave of absence for ninety days has
been granted to Frank A. Elliott, first
lieutenant of Company A, Sixth Infantry.
The resignation of C. E. Small, captain
Company A, Second Infantry, has been
accepted.
Upon his personal application William
B. Maydwell, engineer officer Third Bri
■ gade, has been placed on the retired list
, with the rank of major.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 25 —Ever
since the close of the State Fair there has
' ; been an increased interest manifested
j among the members of the National
\ Guard and drills have been more than
i well attended. Company G will go to
i Woodland October 2 for a three days'
camp and will hold its twenty-sixth an-
I nual ball October 26. Company E will go
out for a short camp in the latter part of
tbe month.
Troop E will shortly make a practice
march to Woodland, taking three days'
provender for tbe horses ana three lays'
rations. The men expect to receive new
38-caliber Colt's revolvers and regulation
I carbines within a short lime, and some of
I the members claim that new haversacks
and canteens are badly needed. They as
sert that the troop has as yet received no
aid from the State, altboug i they have
been in commission for over a year. They
claim to be a poorly armol, having neither
regulation revolvers nor equipments and no
carbines, their saddles are of the old artil
| lery type, and there is great lack of am
munition for practice, while they pos
sess a full complement of targets newly
purchased. During the present month
the new non-commissioned officers of tne
troop will be appointed to fill vacancies
and the school for their instruction in
I formation and evolution of the troop will
open Monday night. In connection with
the local companies the troop win hold its
annual target practice on Saturday and
will give its complimentary ball on or
about Christmas.
The findings of the court-martial, pre
sided over by Captain Shoemaker of Com
pany F to investiuate charges pref- rred
against Privates Walter Pierce and Dor
sey P. Luttrell of Company G, for neg
lecting to attend drills and target prac
tices, are that both men be dishonorably
discharged from the ranks of the National
Guard of the Siate of California. Thia
finding having been approved by Colonel
J. W. Guthrie means di^francbisement of
the men fora year. unless they obtain a
pardon from Governor Budd, and it is
hardly thought that the Governor will in
teriere. Colonel Guthrie as issued orders
for another court-martial, to convene on
the 28th inst., for the trial of such charges
as may be brought before it. Captain R.
E. Steams of Company G will preside.
At the weekly target practice the fol
lowing scores were made: Captain Shoe
maker 42. Serjeant McMaKin 45, Sergeant
Gunter 40, Jferneant Bessey 41, Corporal
Perkins 44. Corporal Nutting 42, Corporal
Measure 37, Privates Gardner 40, Cutting
44, Trammell 41. Freeman 34, Holton 35,
Farmer 39. Showalier 41, Lucie 39, Ronan
31, O. E. Hughes 42, Noon 43, Couners 41,
all of Company K.
Company G made the following score*:
Captain iSioarns 43, Lieutenant Rivett 42
Sergeant Klein 4'J, Guih 38, De Finnes 43
Kellogg 39, Corporals Blair4l, Mi liken 40 :
Privates Btripan 4.'v 43, Elliott 42
Cippa 42, Aime 41. 'fragile 40.
Tro<u> H, nUinlx— Sergeants Farrer 47
Pike 45, Bodrn 48, Corporals Kreuzberjrer
44, Hunt 42, PriVHtu Howie 45, Maier 44
Kellv 44, BolllTAD M, Hunt 41.
Ex-Sergeant Charles J. Atwater, Signal
Corps, whose trrra of service has just ex
pired, has gon« to Boston for a few weeks'
stay. At the Bttttng of the Signal Corps
on Tuesday evening Lieutenant Martin
appointed Corporal J. H. Walking to fill
the vacancy In the third sergeantship
vice C. J. Atwater, term expired. Charles
W. Taylor was promoted to corporalship.
It has been decided by tbe corps to have
a moun ed outing on October 4. Wood
land will be the rendezvous of the corps.
Saber, flag and heliograph work will be in
order. The semi-annual shoot, it is ex
pected, will take place in the near future.
and the boys have been busy at the range
the last two Sundays.
Lieutenant Martin is in receipt of a few
copies of the new army code card, known
as "The Myer System for United States
Army and Navy Signaling," prescribed
tor the United States Army and Navy by
G. O. No. 32. A. G. 0., 1896. Having been
already adopted in the regular army the
National Guards of the various States will
probably have- to follow suit. A peculiarity
in this code, which is possibly an advan
tage in this respect over the Morse system,
is the entire absence of the "space" in the
alphabet and numerals, these characters
being composed of left and right motions
and short flashes alone for the flag and
heliograph, respectively. The short fl^sh
will be made with the heliograph as for
merly ; instead of a long flash, two short
flashes in quick succession are used, and
the space is denoted by a long, steady
flash.
MERCED. Cal.. Sept. 24.— Company H,
Sixth Infantry, held its regular monthly
company shoot at its range last Sunday.
There was a good attendance, many being
anxious to practice as much as possible
before the State shoot, which will be held
next Friday. The scores made were good
average shooting, most of which would en
.ab.e the marksmen to qualify for decora
tions if made at an official practice. First
Sergeant Harper led the list with forty
tive points. Hi 3 score contained the re
markable run of eight consecutive bull's
eyes, the first shot was a 2 and the last a
3. Private Fred T. Griffith came next with
forty-three. If practicing means anything
there will be a good many good even scores
made on Friday.
An outfit of meat-ration cans bas been
received at the armory. Little by little
the companies aie getting to.ether a com
plete field outfit. What the State troops
need more than anything else ]ust now is
a supply of overcoats, blankets and a
Buzzacott oven for each company. With
these added to their equipment they would
be almost in condition to take the field for
any emergency.
VISALIA, Cal., Sept. 24.— The records
of Company E, Sixth Infantry, show that
the first commissioned officers were L. V.
Nanscawen, captain; M. J. Byrnes, first
lieutenant, and George W. Stewart, second
lieutenant. On the retirement of Captain
Nanscawen, M. J. Byrnes was elected cap
tain, which position be held for seven
years, which entitled him to be placed on
the retired list with the rank of captain.
George W. Stewart during that time was
his first lieutenant. M. P. Frazier, C. S.
Richardson and J. T. Walker occupied the
positions of second lieutenants daring
Captain Byrnes' command.
Just before the expiration of Captain
Byrnes' time J. T. Walker was elected as
first lieutenant and N. W. Kibler second
lieutenant. On the resignation of Lieu
tenant Walker, Lieutenant Kibler was
elected to his place and F. W. Ward was
elected second lieutenant. On the retire
ment of Cantain Byrnes, F. W. Ward, the
present captain, was elected, with Lieu
tenant Kibler as first and G. L. Adam as
second lieutenant.
The following have been promoted from
the ranks of Company E at various times:
J. C. Ward, first lieutenant and commis
sary; M. P. Frazier, first lieutenant and
battalion adjutant: M. P. Frazier, captain
and adjutant ; E. F. Van Valer. first lieu
tenant and inspector of rifle practice; A.
S. Gilliam, first lieutenant and battalion
adjutant— all of the Sixth Regiment. C.
A. B^rry. major and commissary; and G.
W. Stewart, major and quartermaster of
the Third Brigade. Charles H. Murphy,
major on General Warrield's staff ; C. T.
Rogers is one of the li atenants on the
regimental staff in New Mexico. The last
promotion was that of W. G. Dozier as
first lieut nant and battalion adjutant.
The regular semi-annual shoot for State
decorations takes place on the 26tb. A
large number will get medals. Rumor
has it that F, the crack company of
Fresno, will try to make a showing at its
regular shoot, and if the result be satis
factory it proposes to challenge a team
from Company E.
The non-commissioned officers of Com
pany E ar- going to have a little time
Tuesday evening after the regular drill.
General Graham, commanding officer of
the Presidio, is expected to make a visit to
the camps of Troops C and I in the near
future.
Preparations are now on foot to organ
ize a signal corps among the members of
Company E.
WOODLAND, Cal., Sept. 24.— The mem
bers of Company F, Second Infantry, will
hold their regular semi-annual State shoot
for decorations October 10. Thr interes;
in this shoot is on the increase, principally
among the new members, as they all want
to try to outshoot (be older members of
the company. There are a few whose
scores at tbe last shoot will entitle them
to gold bars if the required percentage be
made. The company is full of bronze-bar
men, and tne competition between them
is fast and furious.
The company was oat on the street
Wednesday evening drilling in close and
extended order. The time was taKeii up
principally with the extended-order drilL
The men are showing up exceptionally
. MEV TO-DAY
Even the rain was wel- |||i§||f I » ° X \
come — it didn't stop the re- |||I|§[ -d W% /
markable run we had last 1(1111% L' ° f /
week on those $5.25 Over- , o w— "
coats ; but they were re- itlililPr <£=* am — L ~**
This week we offer some- 111^^4- JB
thing even more startling — BlJllJil \ \ £ I
Fine All-Wool Men's Busi- \| m \
Single and double breasted "^kli \\ \
Sack Suits, sold regularly at t^h I *\ I
$9, $10 and $12, and worth }^V \u]
every cent of those prices. *^^ l
To make a stir in the cloth-
ing trade we slash the price
for this week to this ridicu-
lous figure.
Columbian Woolen Mills
(S. N. WOOD & C 0.) ,,
MARKET 54| STREET.
Well in this branch, and by spring will be
one of the best-drilled companies in tbe
guard. They were drilled by signals, in
a short time they will commence to drill
by the bugle.
The company at the present time has
better material in its ranks and is on a
better footing than it lias ever been since
its organization. This is owing to the
efforts of Captain H. N. Prindle. seconded
by Lieutenants Ward and Utting and the
prompt attendance of men in the ranks.
The non-commissioned officers are a
soldierly lot of men and are doing all in
their power to make Company F the best
dnlled company in the guard. Every
thing in and about tbe armory i 3 carried
on strictly to rule as observed in the
United States army at the present time.
Tbe "man target was introduced here
two weeks ago and the scores made are
something remarkable, as the "man tar
get" is a very deceptive piece of furniture
to shoot at. The scores were from 38 to
57, out of a possible 60 points.
Captain Prindle leads, with a score of
57. Adjutant J. G. Lee comes next, with
56 to his credit. Several of the men have
on down to 38. Considering the shortness
of tbe time, these scores are remarkable.
Adjutant Lee is also a good shot with the
pistol, and if nothing happens will make
the crack shots of the State shoot as they
have nevtr siiot before to beat him.
The following chances and promotions
were announced Wednesday evening:
Second Sergeant Mossmayer to first ser
geant,- Third Sergeant Heval to second
sergeant, Corporal Rawson to third ser
geant, Corporal Hilliker to fourth ser
geant, Serjeant Peart to fifth sergeant,
Private Hink to corporal, Private Keller
to corporal, Private Roberts to corporal
and Private Blair to corporal,
The changes and promotions were well
deserved and reflect great credit on Cap
tain Prindle for his selections.
The monthly social hops of Company F
will commence Thursday evening, Oc
tober 1, and continue through the winter*
They will be strictly military in all re
spects and will beheld in the armory. All
visiting members of tbe guard will receive
a cordial welcome and everything will be
done to make tueir stay agreeable. The
armory of Company F is one of tbe finest
in the State ami excelled by only a tew in
the United States. The main hail is l2ox
60 feet, with a gallery the entire distance
around. It is lighted by electricity and
gas.
It would be a grand scheme for the
higher officials of the National Guard to
take a trip of inspection to the country
and see what their country cousins are
doing on military lines. In that way they
would be better prepared to know what is
needed the most and act accordingly.
That Is the only way in which they can
satisfy themselves of the real needs of the
guard.
The regular drill night of Company F is
Wednesday. The school for non-commis
sioned officers is also held the same
evening.
TALES WITH TENNYSON.
How Some of the Great Poet's Most
i among Lines Were Suggested to Him.
Wilfrid Ward, who was on terms of
great intimacy with Tennyson, writes a
very interesting article in the New Review
entitled "Talks With Tennyson." From
this we learn how some of the most fa
mous of tbe laureate's poems took shape
in his mind.
One remark which Tennyson made to
Mr. Ward was imm diately afterward em-
Oodied in eight lines of great beauty.
"Walking one day on the down which
stretches from Freshwater Bay to the
Freshwater beacon his conversation was
chiefly on two subjects. One wa* the mad
lawlessness of tbe Celtic character * * •
and the other all the mass of confuaion
I and crime which a great town brought to
j pettier. * ♦ • About half way between
I Freshwater Bay and the beacon he sud
denly stopped and pointed with his stick
to a star, quite visible, though it was al
most daylight. 'Do you see tnat star?' he
asked in his abrupt way. 'It is the even
ing star. Do you know if we lived there
this world would look to us exactly like
that? Fancy the vice and confusion of
London or Paris in that peaceful star.'
He looked again at the star with an ex
pression half of horror, half of grim
humor. We walked on."
Mr. Ward did not know at the time that
Tennyson was writing the second "Locks
ley Hall," and it was with a curious sen
sation that he read afterward the exquisite
lines which the walk had apparently sug
gested.
An exceedingly interesting portion of
Mr. Ward's article is the account he gives
of Tennyson's explanations and reading
his poem, "De Profundis." He was very
ill at the time, but his mind was quite
clear, bays Mr. Ward:
"He seemed so much better when he
had finished his explanation t.-at I asked
him to read the poem through again.
This he did, more beautifully than I have
ever heard him read. I felt as though his
long illness and his expectation of death
gave more intensity and force to his ren
dering of this wouderful poem on the mys
tery of life."
jD /" \\j lr
fs the light that will bring a great bf»
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now.
weak body can be made. Hudyan is for
man. Th« great Hud van is to be hid only
: from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
i cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
j powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
I that it is simply won lerful bow harmless
iit is. You can tret it from nowhere bat
from the Hudson Meiical Institute. Writ*
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator is th«
most wonderful discovery of the age. It
has been indors d by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharge in twenty days. Qures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation. .dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous twitchings of the
eyes and other part*. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, neryontmess,
I emissions, and develops and restores weak
I organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements. *
Prematureness means impotency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal"
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop*
pea in twenty days by the use -of Hudyan.
j Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
j cdv. Send for circulars and testimonials.
I • TAINTED BLOOD— impure blood, due to seri-
: ous private disorders, carries myriads of sor»*
i producing (ji'rms. Tnen come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth, old sores and
I falline hair. You can «p.ve a trip to Hot Spring* .
. by using the great 30-day care. Call or writ* fat
80-day circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills St».
BAN FRANCISCO,. CAL.
IF SICK,
Why Not Get
Cured?
otcfonWEANYi
He Has Cured People
All Around You, :
READ THIS LETTER.
San Francisco, Cal.,' • • ' .'•
September 25, 1896. ' V
I, Mrs. Agnes Feely, living" at .
Silver Heights, San Francisco,
desire to say that I. brought my •
child, Agnes, aged 12 years, to
the office of Dr. F. L. Sweany, ',
737 Market street, S. F., she
being afflicted with a malady of
the right eye. I had previously .•
taken her to our family doctor, . "
who said he Was at a loss to say '.
what the precise trouble was, or •
how to remedy it. Doctor
Sweany at once' stated my *
child's case to be one of kera-
titis. My child was totally blind .
in that eye at the first visit,'
September 18, 1896. 'Now, on
September 25, she can see per- •
fectly out of the eye. I "heartily
appreciate the rapid cure of this •*'
serious eye affection, a great
matter for 1 child anxious to 7 ,'
pursue school studies; and I' •
have offered to testify this much, •
on behalf of kindness. and skill "\
so effectively rendered- by Dr.-..
Sweany. *
MRS. AGGIE FEELY", ' is.
Silver Heights, City. '•" ':'.
. Thousands of similar genuine, ..
and unsolicited testimonials on * .
file at Dr. Sweany's private of- : ' :
fice. NOTIEC—No . names or ;:.
testimonials will be published- ..
without request from patient. „' •.
All dealings and correspondence ••' ;
strictly confidential. Any suf- '
ferer in doubt should see some
of these people or some of Dr.
S.s private testimonials at his :
office. He has the best testi--""
monials on earth of cures of aIL .
diseases, especially of Lost Man- :
hood and Nervous Debility.
You can be convinced. * ;. ••••?■•
DR. F. L SWEANY, »■*** J\ \
UII. T. L. OflLnlll, San Francisco, Cal.
ißffr jF J3flr
IS THE VERY BUST » .VK TO EXAMISB *
your »-y«i and fit them to Spectacles and isye-
glasses wt;h instruments of bis o*» invention,
whOi^- superiority has not been equaled. My su(r "
cess has been due to the merits of «y work.
- OfflCo Houi»— iii t« i p. v.■•: F. H. BUSHNELL, a New Member of the Colombia Pistol and Rifle
Club, Who Is Fast Becoming an All-Round AJ Marksman.
SHOOTING FOR
BLACK CENTERS,
A Lively Day's Sport on the
• Shell Mound Rifle
Range.
MASON'S FINE SCORE
Dr. L. 0. Rodgers Wins the Ger
."•' mania Club's Bullseye
Gold Medal.
; A NOVICE WITH A MUSKET.
F. H. Bushnell Astonishes His Friends
With the Big Military
Firearm.
There was target shooting of all kinds at
the fchell Mound rifle range yesterday,
• fine rifle, musket, pistol and revolver
' . keeping up a merry din from early in the
mornine until sundown. A number of
very good scores were made by the mem
bers of the several military companies and
• hooting clubs.
The attendance at the Columbia Pistol
and Rifle Club's • regular meeting was
larger than usual. At the request of the
club Captain Siebe, the proprietor of the
.. range, has made many improvements for
the accommodation of the marksmen.
. T"wo new targets on the west end of the
range have been set aside for the use of
the club, and a high partition now divides
the Columbias from the rest of the range.
These improvements have been made in
anticipation, to some extent, of the ad
vent of the ladies to membership in the
organization.
A number of excellent scores were made
and several were a surprise to the older
members.
For example F. H. Bushnell, who re
cently joined the club, took up the musket
for the first time. His first score, Creed
moor count on the Columbia target, was
42, his second 43, third 44 (recorded) and
fourth 46. This performance tor a novice
• was regarded as phenomenal. In pistol
. shooting Mr. Bushneil has gone to the
iront ranks, in a very short space of time.
F. O. Young managed to hold his own
vitd the musket, making 5, 4, 5, 5, 4, 5, 4,
6, 5, 5—47. Dr. Rodgers, on the record
medal, ran up a pretty score, Columbia
target, with 7. 6, 5, 4. 6, 1, 4, 7, 11, 3—54.
There is a lively competition among the
ladiea, who shoot the 22-cadber rifles at
. fifty yards, for the Glindermann trophy.
• The hignest score of ten shots made be
tween July and ttie end of the year will
win the prize. For several weeks past
Mrs. L. J. Crane has been in the lead with
; fc score of 33 points, Columbia target,
• which shows an average of shots within
a 3 M-10 inch circle.
Yer-ierviay Mrs. M. J. White lowered tbe
record by averat, r in>; her ten shots within
a .wo and three-fifths inch circle on a score
•pf 4, L, 1, 1, 3. 2. 3, 6, 2, 3—26.
F. IT. Alason made a score that h'- does
not like to think about. Alter making 68
. in ten shots on the rifle record medal he
ran up a practice score of 34, or a score of
twice the value of the first. Now he is
' quietly kicking himself because his 34 fs
not on record.
While a large amount of shooting was
done with the pistol none of the previous
records were broken. On both ranges the
following scores were made:
. Rifle, 200 yrrds, Unfred diamond medal
three shots, re-entry — A. Strecker 9, K. O.
Young 13, W. Gliud' rmann 14, t. H. Bushnell
.16, H. H. Burfierul 15.
Military rifle, Glindermann medal, ten shots
re-eutry—F. O. Young 47, E. Hovey 46, F. H.
.. .Bushnell 44
Rifle record, ten shots, re-entry— Dr. L O
: RodKerss4, F. O. Young 56, H. R. Crane 65, F
X Mason 66, F. H. Bushnell 86.
... . Most lings for inch centers during the
month— H. H. Burfiend 2, A. Strecker 2, Dr. L.
*O. Rodgers 1.
Pistol, "Blanding medal, open to all comers,
re-entry, thre<- fchots— A. H. Pape 8, G. M. Daiss
8, F. O. Young 9, F. H. Bushnell 11.
All-comers' medal, 22-callber rifle, ten shots,
* 50 yards— Mrs. L. J. Crane 13, Kd llovey 13,
Mrs. M. J. White 19. Mrs. C. F. Waltham 25.
The Independent Rifles were out for a
good time, and they had it. The organi
zation yesterday held its annual picnic
and prize shoot. There was bowling in
the alley, dancing in the pavilion and
musket-shooting on the range.
The cash and merchandise prizes will be
distributed at the next social, which will
be held on the evening of October 18 at Sara
toga Hall. The Independents' scores, five
shots, on a military target, w. re as follows:
E. Drrselius 10. L. Cochiug 14, H. Frederick
son 15," N. Bieeel 15, 11. K. Hem Ice 15, J. W.
Reiley 7. P. I>. Butt 14, C. Hilsz 12, P. O.
Raabc 3, W Lindeciier 18, J. .-'chit.' maim 7, 11.
Jurgens 6, F. M. Zelsi:.g 21, H. Schiitchman
10, C. Bredehon"s, F. Stande 20, C. Lindecker
-18, F. Uau 20, J. Mindermann 14, A. Beck-
Mann 9. J. F. Hnss 9, H. Gerken 5, F. Glander
8, D. Uhte 4, H. Feyge 15, M. J. Schwab 2,
H. Staude 19, J. H. Muhlke 15, G L. Pauline
13, A. Bransteadt 6, 11. Geatjen 18, J. ataude
Jr. 18, C- Schneider 18, William Ticken 2, F.
Lawler9, H. Geatjen Jr. 9, F. H. Brinknjann 8,
('. Stender7. J. Schlichtminn 17. J. H. Schnei
der 20, J. H. IVilkius 16, J. Faltings 9, H.
Tonnemacher 22, H. Hansen 5, J. A. Staug 18,
R. A. Morris 12, Lieutenant K. Moenninn: 14,
O. F. Huber 18. C. Fleischer 15, H. Bishop 16,
Captain L. Schneider 13, C. Kornbeck. 18,
C. H. Welker 10, t. Dietz 19, H. Joost 12.
The monthly medal shoot of Company I
resulted in the followine scores:
E. Caro 25, M. Sundland 33, J. Ringen 40, E.
Lemeteyer4l, A. Blawart46, A. Martin 41, G.
Leyden 35, H. Benling 34, J. Kahlman 42.
The regular medal shoot of the Nord
Deutscher fcchuetzen Club proved inter
esting, inasmuch as it established the per
manent ownership of two very pretty
class medals. The conditions were that
the medals had to be held three months
in succession or won lour times. Herman
Huber held the first class trophy for three
months and F. Rust held tbe third class
for the same period, and the medals are
now theirs. The scores, twenty shots,
German ring target, were as follows:
Champion class. F. P. Schuster, 420 rings;
first Class (final), Herman Huber, 416; second
class, J. D. Heise, 378; third class (final), F
Rust, 375; fourth etas.-, Ed Slehn.3s2; besi
first shot, A. Mocker, 24; best last shot, A.
Mocker, 22.
Dr. L. O. Rodgers carried off the medal
for tbe best center in the Germania
Schuetzen Club's shoot yesterday. The
scores as measured on the measuring ma
chine were as follows:
First, Dr. L. O. Rodgers, 71^ points; second,
A. Mocker, 240; third, C. Nobman, 48014;
fourth, H. Ho. berg, 538; fifth. D. B. Faktor
BS8; sixth. G Alpers, 59«}£; seventh, F. P.
Schuster, 694; eighth, L. Haake, 787.
The San Francisco Schuetzen Verein
also held its bullseye shoot and following
are the prize-winners in their order and
their scores, as registered by the meas
uring machine:
O. Lemcke 228. L. Bendle 298, Georee Alpers
321, D. Dunker 412, J. C. Waller. 475, A. H
Pape 535, J. D. Huse 545, \V. C. Murken 550,
E. Ipseii 570, D. B. Faktor 635, G. Schultzc6sß
John Tilschii? 712, L. Haake72o, H. Stelline
739, F. G. Witt 787, R. Finking 811. F. Kor<h
812, H. H. Burfiend 812, George H. Binrs 852,
J. M. Hartman 868.
At Harbor View.
The regular medal and bullseye shoot of
the Kwiss Rifle Club was held at the Har
bor View range, and the annexed scores
were made:
Medal scores— Champion class, A. C. Gehret
413 rinn; first class, J. Fetz Jr. 390; second
class, A. Fctz 396.
Bullseye prize winners: W. Uiethelin J
Scheible, E. Christin, J. Frei. J. Tschurr F
Baumgartner, A. Huguenin, A. yon Wyt, J
Fetz, A. C. Gehret, J. c. Huguenin.
An lone Record.
lone, Amador County, has an enthusi
astic little rifle club and a 200-yard range.
In the near future its marfcsmen will be
among the first in the land. Already one,
Dr. B. H. Foreman, is coming to the front.
A few days ago he ran up a pretty ten-sbot
record on the German ring target, the
score beinc 19, 25. 25, 23, 23, 22, 23, 19, 16
12—217. His average from the center was
2% inches.
INGLESIDE COURSING
Gold King and Blackctte Won Their
Respective -Stake« at Yesterday's
Meeting. " ' • v - "
Ingleside coursing park, being the only
one open yesterday, was visited by an un
usually large crowd of leashaien who saw
two stakes run through.
Quane's Captain Moore ran six courses
in the finals and semi-finals before he was
beaten by Gold King, and gave a remark
able exhiDition of grit in the ten courses
he ran.
Following is the result of the rundown
in the old dog stake:
Faster and Faster beat Mission Boy, Bright
Eyes beat Daisy, Handspring beat Bonnie Less,
>v lid Hower beat San Prdro, Sunnyside Maid
bent R.ii/id, Lass o' Gowrie beat Nellie 6, Molly
Bawn beat Red Rover. Gold King beat Captain
Jim, Captain Morse beat Dublin Stout. Jack
Dempsey beat True B;ue. GHSlight beat Trilby,
lem pest beat Georgie Dixon, Sly Boy beat
Marguerite, Tommy Hall beat Peixotto. ( ali
£'v, r ,",\r iolet beat Dncle Bam, Gripman beat
Chief Morgan.
First tie<— Faster and Faster beat Bright
Eyes, Handspring bent Wild Flower. Lass o'
Qowrlß beat Sunnyside Maid, Gold King beat
Molly Bawn. Captain Morse beat, Jactc Demp
sey, Gaslight beat Tempest, Sly Boy beat
Tommy Hall, California Violet beat Gripman.
fcecond-tie?— Faster and Faster beat Lass o'
Gowrie Gold King Deal Handspring, Captain
Violet Gaßll Knt. Sly Boy beat Calltomia
'Ihird ties-Gold King beat Faster and Falter,
Captain Morse beat Sly Boy after two no goea.
two nojots g beat Ca P t&ln Morse ftft « r
The puppy stake resulted as follows:
Lady Clifton beat Commodore, Temescal
Raiiccr beat fairy Boy, Lord Byron beat Black
Prince. St. Cloud beat Babe Mnrnhv n«n <*«<»
ter beat Rambler. White Lily beat Visitation
2& C D." Dla ° a beat Tll ' k ' r ' Buckets be?t
First ties-Lady Clifton beat Temescal- Ran
ger, St. Cloud beat Lord Byron Don Caster
g;« White Lily, Blacketfe^b'eat Pr?ncess
BKshtSSrftfc^Sf 10 - *•" st - Cloud '
BJackette beat Lady Clifton.*
•—• — ♦ — t
At Marlborough House there is more
ceremony, socially speaking, than at
Sandnngham. A number of servants
herald your arrival and departure and
there are usually two servants stand
outside your room door when you are stay
ins in the house, and a man behind the
chair of every guest at meal time. : , ;
Loans on diamonds. Interest low. At Uncle
Hums', 16 Grant avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1896.
CHASED A RABBIT
STUFFED WITH HAY
New Sport Inaugurated at
the Presidio Athletic
Grounds.
LIVE GAME NOT NEEDED
Fifty Officers of ihe Prevention
of Cruelty Society Were
Present
FUN WITH FOX - TERRIEBS.
A Great Day's Sport Enjoyed Without
the Slightest S- mb'.ance of Any
Law-Breaking.
Sixteen weary rabbits, longing to be re
lieved of life, peeked through the bars of
their corral yesterday at tbe Presidio
athletic grounds, as though trying to
pick out which particular fox - terrier
among a half hundred present would be
his executioner.
It was the usual outing of the San Fran
cisco Fox- Terrier Coursing Club, and great
sport was anticipated. The rabbits bad
been brought here from Tulare County,
and after a couple of days' feeding, it was
decided they were in condition to easily
evade a pack of fox-terriers. Under ordi
nary circumstances they might have done
this quite easily, but after the jolting of a
freight-car for a couple of hundred miles,
they were still weary and unambitious to
dodge away from the festive dogs.
But they were not unprotected. Fifty
members of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals backed up
against the corral and threatened with
arrest any person who should attempt to
take a rabbit into the Meld.
In the absence of live rabbits the club
inaugurated a new sport which is quite
likely to supersede the original game. It
is the running of a stuffed hare by the
dogs. To do t is an Inverted bicycie with
the tire off one of the wheels was located
at one end of the field. A string, wound
around the tireless wheel, stretched 125
yards off, where it was tied to a stuffed
bare.
The "winder" or wheelman waited for
the signal and began turning the wheel so
as to haul in the string and the rabbit
which the do^s tried to overtake.
In one instance only did the terriers
reach the game, and they tore it to pieces,
brtaking up the day's sport, there being
but one dummy on hand.
Following were the dogs that took prizes
in tbe different matches:
First race —H. Partington's Punch, Joe
Michael's Daisy, E. Monteverde's Tuck, Tom
Murray's Jack.
Second race— J. Robinson's Nld, W. Chenc
wetb's Fiver, J. Peters' Alto, J. Michaels' Jiu
Third race— M. H. Greenberg's Sport G, Leo
Kaiser's Bad Boy.
Fourth race— H. Partinßton's Punch, M. H.
Greenberg's Sport G, F. E. Monteverde Jr 's
Tuck, E. H. Lewis' Sport 11.
J-ifth race— Lto Kaiser's Bad Boy, J. Robin
son's Nip, \V. Cbenoweth'g Fiver, George JBar
low's Sport.
Sixth race— \». Robinson's Jack, J. Michaels'
Daisy, Dr. C. D. Taylor's. Kemie, W. Cheno
weth's Fiver.
Seventh race— M. Groenberg's Sport G, Tom
Murray's Jack.
Eighth race— T. Murray's Jack, TV. Cheno
weth's Fiver, Robinson's Jack and P. Molonev'g
Daisy. *
Robinson's Nip, Panington's Punch and
Murray's Jack, the last two running a dead
The Motive Power Upon "Which
the Rabbit's Existence Depends.
A Hot Chase After a Stuffed Rabbit,
beat and helping Nip to tear up the stuffed
hare.
The following officers were in charge:
Joe Acton, handicapper and starter;
Fred Rolling, judge; W. H. Ahrens, su
perintendent of the course: Harry Kohler,
wheelman.
The club has now about 100 members.
The initiation fee is but 50 cents and the
monthly dues 25 centi, all of which goes
to make up purses.
SHOULD BE AS BROTHERS
Inaugural Sermon of the Newly
Established Church of T c
People.
Rev. William L. Birch Speaks of the
Divine Love— God as a
Father.
The People's Churoh, an organization
designed to attract those at present with
out the pale of more pretentious bodies of
worshipers, held its first service last even
ing at Metropolitan Hall. There was a
large attendance. In addition to the ad
dress of Rev. William L. Birch, the foun
der of tbe church, a pleasing musical pro
gramme was furnished by Hamilton
Howe, Miss Ella Ellis and Misses Pearl
and Maud Noble.
As a prelude to his address Dr. Birch
announced that he would oppose no creed
or class. He did not. intend to assail
darkness, but to bring light. In pur
suance of this plan be announced that
classes for instruction would be conducted
in Metropolitan Hall Sunday afternoons,
The Star Is Where Ah Quee Came in Contact With the Marble Floor
of the Bouquet Saloon and Became Insane After Recovering
Consciousness*
when the hall could be engaged for that
purpose.
The pastor's text for the evening was
St. Lute xi :2. "£onie people think of
God," he said, "as of an almighty ghost,
to be bribed as one might briDe a Turkish
desDot. Only to those who know him is
he always pleasant. Jesus never spoke
of the Almighty as God — it was always
My Father, Our Father, Your Father.
Every human creature can draw near to
the Almighty, because he is father.
"Are we compromising our sense of
right? Are we acting rightly on tbe
Lord's day and wrongly on the morrow?
Havine this knowledpe that God is our
father, let us not only act rightly toward
our fellow-men, but let vi have the feeling
of brotherhood. Let us not forsret that
Jesus Christ entirely abrogated the ten
commandments. He jrave us a new com
mandment that took their place. He did
not say 'Love God.' He knew that when
they knew him as Father they would love
him.
"I am very sorry to learn that there are
so many men in this City unable to obtain
work. lam sorry that men have to work
on Sunday, while 150 men can find no
work on week days. Why cannot the
work be a little more evenly divided. We
have a great deal to remedy before we can
live together as brothers.
'We need to teach this doctrine: 'God
is Father. Ye employers, ye workmen, ye
are brothers. Dare to act as brothers in
everything you do.' It i- possible, necause
Our Father will not ask us to iio the im
possible."
ANNA SHAW ON VISIONS.
They Are One's Ambitions, the Keys
to Greatness.
Rev. Anna H. Shaw addressed an un
usually large audience yesterday after
noon in the l r . M. C. A. Auditorium.
She took for her text, "I was not dis
obedient to the heavenly vision," and in
developing a line of thousht trom that
declared that "there never will be a strong
man or a strong woman who does not fol
low a vision; there never has been a great
man or a creat woman that has not fol
lowed a vision."
The vision is tbe ambition of the indi
vidual; it i« the goal he has set in ad
vance of him and hopes to attain. The
difference between Saul of Tarsus, who
was religious but not a Christian, and
Paul, who liad a vision of Christ and
modeled hi- life by it, is the difference
between the religious man and the true
Christian.
"The difference," remarked Miss Shaw,
"between the little ottice-boy entering an
office with the ambition of eventually
dying a Judgp, and theiiitle office-boy en
tering an otiice and eventually dying a
janitor, is the difference between the boy
with a vision and a boy without a vision."
Miss Shaw will pp»ak to-ni>rht in Ala
meda before the Brotnerhood of the Con
gregational church. To-morrow sh- will
address a meeting: in Cniistoea. Wednes
day she will speak in Napa, and Thursday
(woman's night at the fair), she will speak
before the thousands in the Mechanic's
Pavilion. Friday she will appear in tbe
Unity Church, Oakland.
Next Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock Mrs.
Ballington Booth will address the meet
ing in the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium, and
that means another great audience.
A Clnb of the Old-Fashlo'ned Sort.
Time was when the death of the proprie
tress of Boodle's Club, in St. James street,
would have awakened no slight sensation
at the West End, especially as Miss Gay
ner. who has just passed away, and her
father, who die d two or three years since,
bel onged to the class of club proprietors
which sprang into existence at the begin
ning of last century, and first made the
names of Almack aud Brook s lamous.
"Other times, other manners," says the
old proverb, and now there is hardly a
ciub in London w hich does not belong to
its old members. B oodle's, however, stilt
remained the pr operty of a single iudivid
ual, and Mr. Gayner and his daughter
were noted for the generous treatment
which tbey extended to the members of
an institution conducted on the easy-going
terms which were universally in fashion
some forty or fifty years ago. A member
might dine at Boodle's as often as he
liked — and novi here were both dinner and
wine better — without any reference being
made to payment until he asked for hi.s
account. Formerly the place was regarded
as the Headquarters for masters of fox
hounds, and every hunting dispute was
settled there by a committee.— London
Telegraph.
DRIVEN INSANE
BY A HARD FALL
Ah Quee Took a Tumble
From a Ladder Twenty-
Feet High.
HE LOST HIS REASON.
A Friend Obj cted to His Being
Treated by an American
Doctor.
PLACED IS A STRAITJACKET.
A Chinese Servant's Mishap Causes
Him to Run Amuck in a
Saloon
Ah Quee, a Chinese servant, in every
respect entitled to a letter of recommen
dation as such until yesterday morning at
8 o'clock, is new a ravine maniac at his
home, 905 Stockton street, where his
cousin has him in a straitjacket.
The unfortunate heathen was terribly
"Knocked," as the saying is, about that
hour, and be has not been able as yet to
eet over it, and it is probable he will not
live until morning.
This state of affairs is the outcome of
the Chinaman's own carelessness, which
resulted in a fall from the top of a twenty
foot ladder to the marble floor of the
Bouquet oaloon, at G34 Market street.
Thomas Shaw, tUe proprietor of the
place, employed Quee yesterday morning
for the first time, to do certain weekly
cleaning up about the place, and indicated
to him just what his work was to be. He
started in upon it immediately, using the
stepladder from which he fell.
He had neglected to spread the ladder
to tne fullest extent allowed by tbe string,
and his weight caused it to slide on the
marble tiles. As soon as the slide began
the Chinaman began to topple, causing
bot ti himself and his support to fall.
Ah Quee's head and left shoulder struck
first, considerably damaging the former
and dislocating the latter. He lay there
for tw nty minutes in an unconscious
condition while every effort was being
made to restore him to consciousness.
Another Chinaman in the house brought
out and burned punks and papers conse
crated to some heathen deity, believing
his country man to be far past the safety
line on the way to the other world.
Finally Quoe showed signs of recovery.
Shaw, who is a tender-hearted man,
shouted to a bystander:
••Run over and get Dr. Whitney at the
Palace Hotel 1"
Before the physician could be reached.
Ah Quee's countryman declared himself
in positive terms to the effect that no
American doctor could take care of his
friend.
"Me take him China doctor," he as
serted. He rang up for a carriage and
began preparing the wounded man for his
journey.
About this time Ah Quee was on his
feet. He was wild-eyed and vicious look
ing. Suddenly he rushed for the saloon
counter, and in a frenzied manner ripped,
tore and broke everything on which he
could lay his hands. He was weak from
loss of blood and generally broken up
from his fall, so it did not require much
exertion to subdue him.
He was driven away to his home at 905
Stockton street, where his countrymen
are trying to restore him to health and
reason.
HANDBALL COURTS.
The .'Amateur. Champion ' and George
Hutch Defeat the Coast
' Champion and P. Kelly. '
The handball courts were well patron
ized yesterday. At the San Francisco
court P. T. Donnelly, the amateur cham
pion, and George Hutchinson played a
rattling game against John Riordan, the
coast champion, and P. Kelly. Donnelly
never played a more scientific game, and
displayed rare judgment. He and nis
partner won after a close and exciting
struggle, the final being decided by the
CASTORIA
For Infants and. Children.
The f«- __
liaile S*ljf S/4T* „ "" 1* ■
§l«aa:nrt/V* v^j^^K*-^- trtrr
score of 21—20. Another interesting game
was played, the participants being T. F.
Bonnet an'" J. Feeney and R. Leniban,
the overhaud swiper, and M. Dillon, tbe
two former winning.
A number of new players wera present
at the Union court, and handled the ball
with dexterity. A few are rapidly coming
to the front, and will soon be able to try
conclusions with some of the old-timers.
The event of the «iay was a game between
J. Rogers and J. Lavigne, the former win
ning two games out ot three. Terry Mc-
Manus, the heavy-weight champion, was
unnble to play through indisposition,
much to the disappointment of ttie spec
tators.
Following were the games played in the
courts:
San Francisco court — J. Vogelsang and P.
Barry defeated W. Darius ana J. Brown, 21—15,
17—81, 21—20. R. Shea aad H. Moffitt de
feated R. Shields and C. Ward, 21—14, 15—21.
21—18. E. Toy and C. Carson deleaied \V.
Hamilton and M. Kirby, 21—13,16—21,21—19.
J. Brady and E. Toy deflated \V. Stausbury
and M. Tieruey, 21—14. 16—21, 21—19.
J. White aud W. Hamilton defeated Ed Toy
and W. "Stansbury, 21—16, 18—21, 21—20.
P. Hutchiuson and D. Conneily defeated J.
Siattery and P. Kelly, 21—13, 17—21, 21—19.
T. F. Bonnet and- J. Feeney cefetited R.
Lenihan and M. Dillon, 21— 13, 15— 21, 21— 18.
P. Donnelly, amateur champion, and George
Hutchinson defeated J. Riordon, Coast cham
pion, and P. Kelly, 21—16, 18—21, 21—20. M.
McNeil and G. McDonald deieated D. Rodgers
and P. Ryan, 21—14. 16—21, 21—18.
Union court — R. Murphy and N. Duffy de
feated P. Prunty and W. Casserly, 21—17.
16—21, 21—19. C. Gasperini and L. Magnier
defeated A. de Berkhy and C. Roscanbol,
21—14, 13—21, 21—16. M Bash and J. Hogau
defeated George McGuire and T. Fay, 21—18,
16—21, 21—17. J. Fiynn and J. Driscoll de
feated X. Willey and C. Carson, 21—19, 11—21,
21—12. Phil Gaughan and W.Prlncfc deieated J.
Collins aud \V. McGuire, 21— 16, 13— 21,21— 18.
J. Daly and T. Jordan defeated J. McCartey
and J. White, 21—15, 12—21, 21—9. \V. R.
Doran and J. Freeman defeated W. Heffernau
and C. Doran, 21—19. 17—21, 21—20. J. Dooley
and J. C. Johnson defeated R. Patterson and L.
Daly. 21—16, 15— 21, 21—10. J. Roger defeated
J. Lavigne, the best two games out ot three.
Eureka Handball court— Luets brothers
beat Lawley brother*, 21—18, 21—20 and
21—10. M. Morton beat Joe Luets 21—20,
20—21, 21—17. H. McGratu and C. Dai.y won
three and lost three eames to S. Lawley and
F. McLaughlin. The rub will be played off
next Sunday. Flaherty beat Frank Luets,
21—12, 21—18, 21—20. George Kafferty and
J. DeSeur beat MucKen brothers , 2i— 20,
21-15.
WON'T DISCUSS POLITICS.
But Mr. de Young Asks Questions aud
Uetendfi His Curios.
"No," said M. H. de Young, yesterday ;
"I have absolutely refused to be inter
viewed on politics. The Examiner faked
up an interview with me this morning,
but I said only a few words to the re
porter when I arrived from the East last
night, and not one word was about poli
tics.
"What do you think about the local
situation ?
"They tell me this town will go Repub
lican by 5000 majority, and that means
a great deal for a Presidential year."
While in London recently Mr. de Young
ordered "made for the Park Museum of
this City facsimiles of the seals of the
King -of England and repiicas of some
rareE^yptian stones and sarcophagi, all
of which, as orieinals, are in the British
Museum.
There are sixty royal seals in all. but
some of them are very imperfect. About
forty, comprising the best and greatest,
will be carefully reproduced in whatever
substance the originals were impressed in,
be it sulphur, wax or some other plastic
material.
"it will take time to reproduce them,"
said Mr. de Young, "for the English have
a way of going about such things very de
liberately. Why, I have been a year at
those fellows on this very matter. In ad
dition to the kings' seals I have ordered
gold-plated replicas ot old Roman goll
coins, some of them worth xOOO guineas
apiece.
"These are some of the things that have
been slightingly refe:red to as tne 'girn
cracks' I was collecting. Well, tbe great
British Museum is rilled with such gim
cracks and it is mighty proud of them.
Where it is impossible to get an original
it is sufficient to the connoisseur, to the
lover oi art, to possess a perfect facsimile;
it furnishes the object lesson and may be
studied. In the British Museum there are
plenty of replicas of line specimens in the
French. Museum, and they are done in
plaster, too. Then the Manchester and
Liverpool museums and othere have
replicas from the British Museum. They
are labeled replica, and the people know
what they stand for.
"Now wnen I was in Europe once before
I collected 300 or 400 ancient knives and
forks and nearly 1000 keys for the Park
Museum. None of them have yet been ar
ranged for exhibition out there.
"It takes- time to build up a museum
and every little counts*. If we had nad
even the nucleus of one fifteen years ago
we would have had a fine museum to-day.
I had a tine collection of stuffed birds, but
several years ago we tired of them. There
was no one I could give them to and there
was no public museum. As a last resort I
turned them over to an auctioneer and
after the incidental expenses were paid I
got $23."
The tramways of Great Britain and Ire
land receive in fares annually at the pres
ent time about £2.600 000, and tne omni
buses about £2,000.000. There are about
45,000 cabs in tne United Kingdom, which
altogether earn in fares about £8,200,000
per annum.
NEW TO-DAY!
i GAIL BORDEN I
IEAGLE Brand!
I ..CONDENSED MILK., f
I Has No Equal I
P 50LD EVERYWHERB 1
Odd Watches!
ffn or so of those left over f
m or so of those left over
t year — our regular Thin |
Tuxedo"— all perfect in j
y, but odd designs, that's |
have I
t the price In two! J
;d in every way. . i
Waterbury I
j Watch j
New j Company. I
Office I4T |
ITI Lilo tn!nni!ni!ioiniliiinwnitM!ifiiiiiiii:'t:;!tjn!!itin!Hßni;!MiiiiiHrrtnliitnfi:;»
mils Building, - SAN FRANCISCO.
i^^R SililcMlliiiliS
V./y Constmation. 1 1 stop, all losses by day o°r night * PrevnSS Pqufrk.
R«_-^"^ \s^*/ ness iof discharge, which II not checked leads to Spennatorrhceaand
H BEFORE and AFTER fi^t h 2 n oM ? lpotenc > - <"?':»'>«- I«Kc-ieL1 «Kc-ieL the Uver, ihe •
err™*,,
c^rJ^.t D h o^
t^^^^rb^ainen^
Addnw OATOIi XLtuUlMi.ua CO.. 1170 Market street, San' Francisco, Cat ForsalebJ
££00XU' AKMAC V, 119 I'oweUatricfc
NEW TO-DAY. •
yV§fr*iz3r& ie convenience j
mm Gbirardelli's , I
Wl Ground j
Sf Cbocol&te
m
g Made here — always fresh. Noth- i
H ing but pure material, skillfuly j
H - - prepared. Made instantly, with j
\ ■ boiling milk. All grocers. v
Nineteen
Out of Twenty ; .
Women have a weakness that can be
cured by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
There are too many weak, broken down
mothers, wives and sisters wrecked" in
constitution through the sluggish,
weak action of the organs. For. this
weakness the usual tonics have proven
of only temporary < assistance, and
nothing but new vitality can restore
the weakened functions to their nor-
mal health. '•*. *rV
FROM A MOTHER.
DR. A. T. SANDKN— Dear Sir: I bought your
Belt in August last for nervous pru-trati..n,
etc. I was so bad that many nights 1 could not
sleep. I would get so nervous that I could not
hold my head up. I lound relief almost as
soon as J applied the Belt, and to-day am as
well as any woman of my age. I can say for
your Belt that ii I was not able to get another
one I would not sell mine for $200. Yours
truly, MRS. AMELIA QUINN,
259 Richland avenue, San Francisco, Cal.
The warming, toning power from Dr/
Sanden's Electric Belt adds new life- to
women.. It daily increases , the- healthy
vital force. It cures weak women as it
cures weak men, by renewing the wasted
strength. Get the little book that tells all
about it free. Or call and consult the reg-
ular physician of thirty years' experience,
who is in charge.
SANDBiN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 Market Street, San Francisco, 1
Opposite Palace Hotel. Oince hours; d a. x. l j
8:30 p. M.: bundays, 10 to 1.
Consultation Free and Invited. •
OFFICES 'AT: ■ . .
IX)3 ANGELES, CAU, I PORTLAND, OR.
204 Bomb Broadway. I 253 Wiuuiu^oa street
f
Signature is printed la - 0 r-^ij
BLUB diagonally ■/.■;.;: ' fi*
across the f\ •••s&J^ v '
OUTSIDE /j T**^-L
wrapper,/ Mfi/l/^ \.
1/J / of every
"'{]. / bottle of t
I '** 7\) / he Or!ginal
n i. Aj^ / and Genuine)
/I if Worcestershire
SAUCE
Am m further protection against •
all imitations. ■ . *
I ' '• '''
■ f Agents for the United State*, v !
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS. N.TV
Baja California • --.
Dam ian a Bitters v;
19 A POWERFUL 'APHRODISIAC AN*I)
specific tonic for the sexual and urinary organs
of both sexes, and » great remedy for diseases of
the kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own Merits;
do long-winded testimonials nece-sary.
NABEE, ALFS 4 BKI'NK, Agent-. "* "' ; .
333 Market St.. S. F. — (Send for • Circular)
Ms^jMS Belts for' o
BB?\- "^^^:-~T^|B "Id-fashioned and P00517
»S?r-»-^-'iii&-^ — made, can be had by pay. .
l UG9SlDrjy?^ ing 3 ' our money to «iecina
tenffir%*r&3i%i?' belt "quacks" and travel-
j«?f* = &irJ"*^Y s ' illg "faKers." For a lirsc-
(■ -£%J1? class article at a reasonable
• ■ ■ 3is<v i - price write or call tor frea
„„ "'■* copy of our new book. lilt.
PJERCK & SON, 704 Sacramento st., cor. KeVay.
Mcosd, third and fourth Hours, San Francisco.-
56
MOXIJAY .SEPTKMBKB 28, 1898
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDGE,
" Editor and Proprietor.
i• \ —
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
• Daily and Sunday Cai-i., one week, by carrier. .$0.1 5
Dally and Sunday Cam., one year, by ma 1 1.... 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, si* months, by mail.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Call, tbree months by mail 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one mouth, by mail.. .05
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1-M)
Vv'kexly Call, one year, by mall i-oO
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
..Are you going to the country on a vacation ' If
so, it in no trouble lor us to forward THE CAU to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the currier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
XO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
. .' Telephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
• Telephone ...Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
•' 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
• • 9:30 o'clock.
• . 339 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
* 713 Larkla street : open until 9:30 o'clock.
" -feW. corner Sixteenth and Misiion streets; open
until 8 o'clock.
2518 Wissß .a strep' : open until 9 o'clock.
• 118 MiiUj street; op«u until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
80S Broadway.
' • • EASTERN OFFICE:
• 'Booms 81 a?i«l 32, 34 Park Kim-. New York City.
; • v v DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
IHli CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PAtRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
rule PKBSIDSXT—
P WILLIAM McKINLEY, or Ohio
FOB TICV-I'KESJDKNT—
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
KI.K.CTION XOVEMBKR S. 1896.
The most pressing money question is
•. that of wages for the people and a revenue
for tne Government.
Wandering Willie must have gone to
New England for his health. There are
no votes for hhn there.
. . There can be no question that Bryanism
is rapidly' dying out in California. The
campaign of education has given the
people a fair understanding of the situ
ation.-
• We must restore the protective system
'. ■ before we undertake any other legislation.
' - The labor of this country has already
waited too long for a return of work and
• \ wages.
" • The people of San Francisco cannot af
•'• ford to make experiments in the Mayor's
j .office, and will, therefore, vote for Super
. visor Taylor, whom they have tried and
found equal to every test of ollicial
McKinley talks of patriotism and the
-general welfare, while Bryan talks of sec
tionalism and the strife of classes, and it
.: is for the people to decide which kind of
talk is most appropriate in a man who
desires to be President.
When the people know that distrust,
' panic and industrial disturbance began
with tbe election of a free-trade Congress
and a free-traae President, it i 3 impossible
. for Democratic -orators to get them to be-
Jieve that free trade had nothing to do
• with it.
* If those European duke: and counts
who telegraphed congratulations to Bryan
were really sincere in the belief that free
silver coinage would be beneficial to the
•country that undertook it they would try
it at home and get the beuefit for their
own people.
Men who wish work, men who wish bet
ter wages, men who wish profits on their
industry are all interested in the tariff,
and that issue, therefore, despite all tbat
Democratic dodgers may do, will remain
' in the hands of the people as one of the
most important to be decided at the
coming election.
The workingmen of this country will
never vote for a man who seeks the Presi-
dency by trying to array one section
, against another or one class of citizens
against another. They, like all patriots,
are in faVor of a President who will act for
the welfare of the whole country and of
all the people.
The workingmen of this country know
by experience that a restoration of the
protective system will open the mills and
give them good wages, but they cannot
. see any benefit in free trade and iree sil-
ver, and what is more, Bryan in all his
speeches has never explained how there
could be such benefits.
James D. Phelan is an excellent man iv
private life, but he has never been tried in
olßce like Charles L. Taylor, and no one
knows how far his official action will
be controlled by the men who nominated
him. Besides, what could he do with a
Board of Supervisors nominated and con
trolled, as it will be, by Boss Kainey ?
Republicans have reason to be gratified
• with tbe way the Stale Central Commit
tee has managed the conduct of the cam
paign." Under the guidance of Chairman
McLaughlin the canvass has been carried
on with vigor and earnestness and thepartv
organization made more effective than
'ever before. We may count California for
McKinley.
The exports of American products and
manufactures during the first fifteen
months- of the Gorman tariff were $220,
-353,000 less than the exports under the
o like period of the operation of the McKin
ley tariff and as this loss of trade corre
sponded with the opening of our markets
to foreign goods is it any wonoer that
times became hard and money ceased to
circulate?
• . The people of Galesburg, 111., have ar
ranged fora great meeting on October 7 to
commemorate the anniversary of the
famous Lincoln and Douglas debate at
■ that place, and while it is intended to be a
non-partisan gathering we may be sure it
will prove a stimulus to Republicanism
and c to Democracy of the Douglas type,
but very depressing to the Bryanites who
may happen to attend it.
* One of the notable features of the cam
paign is the wide difference between the
'tjro parties in respect to able orators. On
the Republican side there are now in the
field, in addition to McKinley, ex-Presi-
dent Harrison, Senators Sherman, Alli
son and, Foraker, Thurston, Tom Reed,
Chauncey Depew, Carl Schurz and Bourke
Cockran, while on the Democratic side
there are only Bryan and Teller,
AN IMPORTANT MEETING.
A meeting of the Republican State Ex
ecutive Committee has been called by
Chairman Mclaughlin for to-day to con
sider the local political situation and to
devise ways and means for the promotion
of harmony and the awUMBOt of success
to the Republican ticket in San Francisco.
This will be a most important meeting
and the members of the committee who
are present thereat should so consider it
and should deal calmly and impartially
with the questions which will arise. The
thought which should dominate tbe dis
cussion and control the conclusions of the
committee should of course be how to
best assist and insure local Republican
succest. Any plan or proposition which
would further bemuddle and confuse the
existing condition of affairs should be
avoided by the committee no matter by
whom proposed.
The powers of the State Executive Com
mittee will doubtless be the subject of
some discussion. It goes without saying
tbat in matters whicii immediately and
directly affect the State or National ticket
this committee has practically the entire
powers of the party organization in its
hands. But in matters which are purely
local, and which only by reflection seem
to impede the succoss of the State or Na
tional ticket.it is a grave question of doubt
as to how far the power ana duty of the
committee' extend. Would it, for ex
ample, reach out a long arm Into Siskiyou
or San Diego counties to harmonize local
factions fighting over petty offices simply
because their conflict might by indirection
affect the vote upon the National ticket?
It would hardly undertake to do so; or, if
it did it would probably and very properly
limit its action to the giving of strong and
good advice to the contestants.
The fact that the State Executive
Committee meets aud has its head
quarters in San Francisco is a purely
fortuitous circumstance, and it would
seem that the same reasoning which
applies to the local discords of tbe moat
distant county applies equally to this City.
Besides, it is not at all certain that a fac
tional conflict confined to purely local dol
itics would affect seriously or injuri
ously the National ticket. Both elements
are for Meivinley, and both are arduously
laboring to insure the electoral vote of
California for him. Under the Australian
ballot system the loyalty of the voter for
the head of the ticket is influenced very
little, if as all, by his bias toward the
minor candidates near its foot. In addi
tion to this the existence of a local fight
always assures a large vote for the party,
because of t;:e effort of each element to
get its every adherent to the polls. These
practical facts Bhould be carefully weighed
by the committee in its deliberations to
day.
There is another consideration which
should receive the most careful and im
partial attention. The State Executive
Committee is a part of the regnlar Re
publican party organization of California.
Its members are men of large experience
in both local and State politics, and they
and each of them will therefore appre
ciate the prime importance of maintaining
and encouraging regularity in the party
organization as aa indispensable requisite
to party perpetuity as well as success.
Of the two local elements, one represents
regularity, tbe other does not; one sup
ports and is supported by a regular county
committee, the legal and rightful heir of
tbat local party organization; the other is
the heir of nothing, has no history and
can show no better motive for its
existence than the desire of a few
men to break down the local party and
upon its ruins rise to power. The members
of tbe State Executive Committee should
most carefully consider both before and at
their meeting to-day whether they ought
to do otherwise than sustain and support
the regular Republican party of Ban Fran
cisco in its effort to maintain tbe integrity
of the local parly organization, and in its
action take in the nomination of a com
plete local ticket in the Auditorium con
vention.
It is well to reflect whether a hasty
or intemperate exercise of power by
the State Committee might not induce
more discord and contusion into San Fran
cisco politics than at present exists, and
thereby yet more seriously endanger the
success of the National ticket.
No party ever went out of power which left
so magnificent a record as the Republican
party. Our great war debt, more than two
thirds of it paid off; our currency unques
tioned, our credit untarnished, the honor of
the Union unsullied; (hr country, in its ma
terial conditions, stronger thnn it had ever
bten before; the workingmen better employed
and better paid than ever, before, with pros
perity in every part of the Bepublic, and in
no part an idle workingman who wanted
work. —HcKinley.
THE DIVIDED DEMOCRACY.
The condition of the Democratic party
in the City of San Francisco is deplorable.
No patriotic follower of the faith of De
mocracy, and there are thousands of such,
can view the situation without deep re
gret tbat bis party has. fallen into the
hands of corrupt machine politicians.
Democracy in this City is torn and rent
asunder, but each of the warring factions—
the Junta and the old line Democrats— is
under the absolute domination and iron
control of two of the most notorious
bosses that ever disgraced the history or
debauched the politics of San Francisco.
On one hand tne Democratic Moses is
Sam Rainey, tee notorious manipulator of
the Fire Department and one time doer of
dirty work for Buckley, the "blind dtvil"
of the Bourbons. Opposed to this immac
ulate politician, from whom lovers of pure
politics turn in disgust, is the notorious
Chris Buckley himself, whose career in
local politics once made this City noted
the world over as the perfect type of polit
ical degeneration, a man who bad to flee
the City to evade the avenging wrath of
the people as expressed by their Grand
Jury.
It is a significant sign and indicative of
its lack of political integrity tbat the Ex
aminer is silent as to the character of the
two worthies who are now in charge of
local Democratic politics. Bui a few
months ago the Examiner was declaring
that these men were unfit to be entrusted
with public affairs and it portrayed Buck
ley as a wretch fit only for the peni
tentiary, chronicling each day hi* flight
from the jurisdiction of the courts and
showing how he hid in Europe to outwit
the Sheriffs who had warrants for his ar
rest.
Though the Democracy is hopelessly
THE SAS FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 2S, 1896.
I divided the prospect of defeat has made
i its local organ desperate. It makes wild
| statements every day and does all in its
I power, which is little, to throw doubt and
! confusion iuto the minds of honest voters.
L Amid contending factions, ambitious
bosses, clashing clans and divided councils
the honest and patriotic Democrat, who,
like his Republican neighbor, desires pure
politics and economical local government,
; is asking where he will take his stand.
j * The logical place of such a citizen is
; witli the honest and untrammeled Colonel
Charles L. Taylor. He has been strongly
tried; his record is at* open book upon
j whose pages there is neither blot nor
stain; be represents freedom from boss
rule, decent and economical government.
It is pitiful to see tne Democratic organ
that a few months ago pretended to cham
pion the cause of the people thus give aid
and comfort to political highwaymen who
roam the City bent on mischief and pub
lic plunder. Thus divided aud torn within
Itfl own camp the Democratic orgau seeks
to cause confusion in the Republi
can ranks. To tbat end, reprehen
sible as it is and incredible aa it
| may seem, the Esttminer is seekins by
every art of misrepresentation to DUt
the City iv the grasp of a baud of corrupt
politicians as shameless as any tbat ever
infested San Francisco. The good people
of this City will uot be deceived. They
will entrust the mayoralty to tried and
trne Colonel Taylor. They will not suffer
their affairs to be turned over to either of
the political worthies, Kainey and Buck-
MOST EXCELLENT ADVICE.
John W. Mitchell of Los Angeles de
livered himself of a speech before a gath
ering of Populists and Democrats at Met
ropolitan Hall in this city last Saturday
nigbt, and he is deserving of the thanks
of all who think the honor and integrity
of the Nation should be maintained for so
delivering himself.
If there was any doubt in the minds of
the people as to what would become of the
country if Bryanism should prevail, there
is no room for any now. Mr. Mitchell
was frank enough and honest enough to
point out the dangers to our system of
povernraent that would follow Bryan's
election, but he did not know he was call
ing attention to them.
Mr. Mitchell said "there are crucial tests
to which the principles of parties shoula
be subjected. The platform should be
carefully examined for the principles con
tained therein and the past history of the
party taken into consideration."
Just to spare the feelings of Mr. Mitch
ell and his fellow Democrats the past
history of his party will be left undis
turbed. To Btir itnp would be to force un
: comfortable recollections upon the mind.
j There were events leading up to and fol
! lowing l^iJl which might better be left as
j though forjrotten, and there have been
I events in the business worid during the
last three yearß which are painful subjects
for the Democracy to discuss. Out of re
srject for tiie feelingß of Mr. Mitchell and
his Democratic -riends no attempt will l*e
made to consider the past History of his
party, notwithstanding he invites it. Bat
we will take him at his word and examine
the principles contained in his Chicago
platform. ,
The platform whose principles Mr. Mitch
ell so warmly and enthusiastically com
mends to the i-eopleof California demands
that the Government give up the un-Dem
ocratic civil-service notion and return to
I the sDOils system. It is contrary to the
j principles of the party, the Chicago plat
| form declares, to cut the ward boss off from
| opportunity to plunder the public. Mr.
■ Bryan is very outspoken in his denuncia
j tion of whatever is calculated to prevent
i the payment of campaign debts in fat
j oitices. That is a principle of the Chicago
j platform which, as Mr. Mitchell suggests,
might be carefully examined by the people
to their protit.
Upon examination, and a not very crit
| ical examination at that, the Chicago plat
form will reveal a positive declaration that
if Mr. Bryan is electedtlie Supreme Court
! of the Nation will be legislated into a court
i that shall interpret the constitution and
the laws in the light of the principles of
the Bryan- Alteeld-Tillman political firm.
jit la to be hoped tbat Mr. Mitchell will
continue to urge the people to examine t lie
I principles of the party's platform.
The same platform calls fora still nearer
approach to free trade, and workingmen
who are out of employment because of the
operation of the Wilson-Gorman tariff act,
as well as owners of industries that are
standing idle from the same canse, should
look into ttiat particular principle of Mr.
Mitchell's nlatform. If Mr. M itctiell would
furnish American workingmen with the
wage schedules of foreign industries they
would find it much easier to figure out the
wages they might expect if Mr. Bryan is
elected. *
Now tbat Mr. Mitchell baa suggested that
the platform of his party should be care
fully examined, and the suggestion i.< a
good one, it is to be hoped that its princi
ples will be thoroughly analyzed, especially
by those who do not want to live tinder a
ward- bo.<H system of Government ; by those
who do not like the idea of converting the
Supreme bench into a court that would
substitute the Chicago platform for the
constitution of the Nation, and by those
who dislike the idea of obliging our work
ing people- to compete single-handed with
the pauper labor of other countries.
One thing above all else- that is wanted at
this juncture is the return of public and pri
vate confidence. Its absence is our funda
mental trouble. It has been aggravated by a
variety of cmues, but nono greater than the
assault which has been made by the allied
political organisations upon the credit and
the currency of the country. — McKinley.
RIGHTS OF EMPLOYER AND EM
PLOYE.
\
Bryan newspapers and speakers are try
ing very hard to make it appear that when
a railway official or manager of an in
dustrial enterprise advises with his em
ployes concerning the issues of the Presi
dential campaign he is coercing them into
declaring for Major McKlnley. If these
charges can be substantiated it is the duty
of the Bryanites to submit the proofs; but
if they cannot and have no reason for
making them other than a desire to in
fluence public ooinion against railway
corporations and industrial companies tor
purely political advantage they are rank
enemies of the country. The candidate
who would himself or permit others to
purposely make wrong statements con
cerning the relation existing between thosj
who sell tbeir labor and those who buy it,
for the purpose ol gaining political ad
vantage, is not only a traitor to his coun
try, but he is a sneaking coward.
More thau 24,000,000 of the inhabitants
of the United States are in business, either
as employers or employes, ana nearly, if
not quite, 14,000,000 of them are legal
voters; moreover, gainful occupation is
necessary to every one of them. There is
scarcely a line of business known fo com
merce that is aot represented in our traae
and traffic operations, and bo intimately
connected are they that not one of them
could be Injured without the shock being
felt Id the homes of every one of the 24,
-000.0C0. Therefore, the man who willfully
cripples the efficiency of any one line of
occupation is not only a destroyer of
homes, but he is an assassin of whole com
munities, and a more dangerous enemy of
mankind than pestilence or famine.
No wrong is done, no line of trade iB in
jured when the employer of men tells them
what the effect the election of this or that
man wonld have upon his business enter
prise, bat tue employer only does his duty
to his employes when he tells them what
they may expect under given circum
stances. It is the rigbt of employes to
know as far ir. advance as possible what
influence certain possible contingencies
are likely to, exert upon their opportunity
to earn wages, and it is equally incumbent
upon employes to acquaint their employer
with what their action would be under
given conditions, but while holding it to
be the right but not the duty of employes
to gire notice of tneir purpose, the Bryan
ites deny that the employer has any such
right, and they also deny his right to
refuse to make, his plans aud operations
conform to any new conditions that may
be thrust upon him.
Uryan says it means coercion when an
employer of men says the free and unlim
ited coinage of silver independent of the
will and Rood of the nations he has busi
ness relations with would bo circumacribe
his market that he would have to reduce
his output and consequently would require
fewer operators, but common justice saya
it would be an act of kindness, and bia
duty as well, to give bis employes notice
of what certain contingencies would have
in store for them.
It is the privilege of employes to do as
they please. They may vote for a policy
that would deprive their employer of suffi
cient opportunity to sell his product to
keep them employed, or they may vote to
sustain him. It is their right to do either.
The presumption is that every sensible
man would vote for a policy that was cal
culated to insure him continuous employ
ment at good wages, but be does not have
to, nor doe* his employer have to supply
bim with work if a policy bas been adopted
that destroys his ability to give him work.
Labor is indispensable to the creation and
profitable use of capital, and capital increases
the efficiency and value of labor. Whoever
arrays the one against the other is an enemy
of both. That policy is wisest and best which
harmonizes the two on the basis of absolute
justice. — McKinley.
NOTHING TO EAT.
It was fortunate for Solomon tbat he
lived in an age when he could say, "A
man hath no better thing undijr the gun
than to eat, and to arink, and to be
merry." Had he lived in this age of med
dlesome scientists there is no telling what
would have become of his appetite for
good things. A school of science in Penn
sylvania, an annex of the Western Uni
versity of that State, gravely announces
that one should not drink "city water,"
because it swarms with disease microbes;
and as for country water, why, "the moss
covered bucket"' is where they come into
life and lay plans to spread typhoid and
other fevers through the water reservoirs
of the towns. Ice put in water is the dis
ease germ's delight. He multiplies by the
million in ice water.
These scientists, one would think, would
suggest wine as a substitute for water, but
they do nothing of the kind. They say
neurly all wine is doctored and burns out
the lining of the stomach, and that the
same is true of whisky and beer, although
they admit that a good, pure article of
wine, beer and whisky is not v«ry nslcy.
They admit that some may find joy in a
dead drunk that is superinduced by doc
tored liquors, but that the joy obtained
from a life of soberness is better.
But these wise men do not stop at
drinks. They say tomatoes, raworcooked,
are the undertakers' delight; potatoes are
poisonous and indigestible; cabbage is
another name for cholera, and lettuce is
of the same family; beans are very bad
for the stomach ; turnips are no better
than sawdust. One might as well take
rough-on-rats as to eat onions or cucum
bers. White bread is dreadfully bad for the
stomach, and corn bread is too "forceful"
for the inside cl a man, while buckwheat
cake-, flannel-cakes and all such things
are regular grave-openers. Cherries,
grapes ana watermelons are angels' of
death in disguise.
As for meat all kinds are unwholesome;
besides, it is wicked to take life to satisfy
our appetites, and retribution will surely
overtake all who slay and fat. The frying
pan, these scientists say, is au enemy of
civilization, and they say very many other
things, too, but since it is death to eat
meat or vegetables, there does not ap
pear to be much use for cooking utensils.
It must be that these Pennsylvania wise
men are about to patent a new kind of
food, or that they arrived at their conclu
sions after attending a banquet.
COAST EXCHANGES,
The Calaveros Prospect has taken a big step
in the way of improvement, and may now lay
claim to being one of the handsomest among
the interior weeklies. It has been enlarged
from a seven-column folio to a six-column
quarto, and is printed on a new cylinder press.
The Prospect is doing excellent work in behalf
of the rich mining and timber region around
San Andreas, and it l» putting in some telling
strokes for the country at large in its strong
advocacy of the cause of protection and sound
money.
According to the Arizona Star, the canaigre
industry is destined to prove more valuable to
the Territory than alfalfa. That paper claims
that the tuber "ia being Introduced to the
market with much snecess and is growing rap
idly in demand. It is, so far as the experi
ment goes, one of the most profitable products
of the soil, and is a certain crop, as It does not
seem to have any enemies to contend with.
Arizona Is its natural home, ana here it ought
to be produced with the greatest success."
The Crockett record is now Issued every
Saturday evening and gives a resume of all
the news of the week up to Saturday noon.
"Farewell, vain world I" is the parting utter
ance of the Arbuckle Transcript, the editors of
which were last week forced to surrender to
cruel fate and a type foundry creditor. Messrs.
J. L. Kennon and L. A. Eicaler, after seven
months of trial in the journalistic field of
Colusa County, have quitted the unequal
struggle, as they say, "with all grace." The
Transcript was an «*lndependent" paper.
Especially during such a political campaign
as this, the people have little use for a paper
which has no fixed opinions on issues that
affect every nook and corner of the whole
country. The Transcript might have done
very well had it considered carefully the fact
th»t It was dependent for Its support and
maintenance upon people who are dependent
for their prosperity upon protection to their
home industries and labor.
The Boulder Blast will be fired no more, at
least by Its late manager, J. R. Watson, who,
with expressions of regret, has departed for
the East. Mr, Watson was evidently a right
minded man, as these words of bis with
reference to the Blast would indicate: "We
would like to have it live, but we do not want
it to live to do harm. We have tried to hold
it free from that which is harmful and have
refused revenue that might come from ad
vertising that which we considered wrong."
Interest in the oil prospects of , Liver more
Valley is quietly on the increase. The Liver
more Herald says : "Since the discovery of. in
flammable gas on the Munch farm, springs
hAvcbenn ':,. ,v.«,-u 1 on . {'i» Xewell' place by
Norrii i>utc'hcr, : whica u.e oQubiina. with the
combustible vapor. This gas is almost sure
evidence of oil, but in this region the oil is
evident itself. It can be found in many places
floating on the water or exuding from the
sand rock, or percolating through the mud,
coming up with the spring water. Magnificent
oil discoveries have been made in countries
where there are not as good indications as
there are here."
The Herald sensibly suggests the organiza
tion of a joint stock company among Liver
more citizens to sink an experimental well,
ana concludes;
"This is a matter of great Importance. It
should be agitated and investigated with
vigor. Every interest, industrial aud prop
erty, is at stake. There ia everything to gain
and barely nothing to lose in pushing the ex
ploration. Our community and valley must
build up by its own energy. Outside wealth
and capital will come to us when we attract it
by our own progressive efforts. We are losing
too much time waiting for something to
turn up."
The California is the name of a new Populist
paper that has just made its appearance iv this
City. Its editor ia Joseph Asbury Johnson,
and E. D. Crawford «fe Co. are the publishers.
It is a well-printed sixteen-page paper, some
thing after the style of the Argonaut. Judge
E. M. Gibson of Oakland, Professor N. A.
Richardson of San Bernardino, Taylor Rogers
ana Dr. G. W. Davwalt of San Francisco are
mentioned as regular contributors.
The Ukiah Dispatch- Democrat has entered
upon the twenty-eighth year of its existence.
The paper is nearly as old as Mendoclno
County, and tbe very factor its long life and
present prosperity bears ample testimony to
iv merits.
The Vatlejo Chronicle says: "This is the sea
son for harvesting sugar beets, and the farm
ers of Solano County are watcning with inter
est the developments of the beets they planted
last April and May as experiments. The seed
was furnished by Claus Spreckels, who con
templates the erection of an immense refinery
in this seotion if it is proved beyond doubt
that it is fully adapted to beets and the neces
sary acreage can be secured and contracts
made with the farmers for a supply of these
saccharine vegetables."
The Mojave desert gold mines continue to
attract hosts of fortune-hunters. Pick and Pan
informs ua that three daily stages now ply
between Mojave and Randsburg. "This im
mense travel is frequently augmented by ex
tra stage* sent out to accommodate the traihe
to the mines."
The same paper states that Garlock is to have
a banking-house whicji will make a speciaity
of handling bullion, ores and mines, and make
advances on them. "If this is trne it will
prove a godsend to this country and hasten on
that which is inevitable in the future. vi 2., the
opening up of the richest raining region of the
world to-day."
Far out on the Pacific, at Hilo, Hawaii, C. S.
Bradford has started the Hawaii Herald. Editor
Bradford is an old-time newspaper man of tbe
Pacific Coast. The first number of the Herald
is bright and newsy, and its advertising col
umns give evidence of liberal patronage. The
Herald is a free-silver advocate, and its editor
wouid like to see the -Gem of the Pacific" in
cluded among countries that may be benefited
by an international agreement in the future.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
At the Nagasaki dockyard Japan has three
vessels In course of construction of 1800, 3000
and 7000 tons, most of the material of which
is sent out from England. A second dock 371
feet in length will b« opened shortly. During
1895 there were 171 vessels-of-war and 198
merchant vessels docked a i Nagasaki, which
indicates very lively times along the water
tront and in the dockyard.
The Russian volunteer fleet in the far East
consists of twelve new steamers of large ton
nage aud some of high speed. There are four
ranging from 10,225 tons to 7990 tons, three
of 10.500 tons, two of 8033 tons, and one each
of 7975, 7870 and 2500 ton*, all of thirteen
knots speed. The swifter class are magnifi
cently fitted up regardless of cost, and the
whole fleet was built on the Clyde and on the
Tyne.
Seven of the torpedo-boat destroyers recently
completed ia England will be assigned to the
Mediterranean and China stations, flve going
to the lormer and two to tin latter station,
where they will act as dispatch vessels.
Promotion in the British navy is entirely by
selection, and twice a year the list is carefully
scanned by the service to ascertain who were
the lucky ones. Lust July five officers were ad
vanced to the rank of captain, 17 to command
era and 24 to lieutenants. One of the new
commanders is 40 and another only 33 years
of age. Iv the United Slates navy promotion
is only by seniority, by which many excellent
officers remain stationary in out* grade for
many years. The youngest officers iv the sev
eral grades in the line division in our navy
are: Kear -admiral. 60; commodore, 57;
captain, 50; commander, 4.H; lieutenant
couiniander, 4C; lieutenant, 3j. Iv the latter
grade ih« ages of the first 150 range from 40 to
48 years.
The first triple-screw battleship in any navy
is tbe Kaiser Friedrlch 111, launrned last July
at Wilhelmshafen, Germany. The ship is of
11,050 tons displacement and will carry the
largest number of guns of any vessel afloat,
the main battery consisting of four 9.4-inch
b. 1. r., eißhteen 5.9-inch quick-firing guns,
and a secondary battery of twelve 3.3 inch,
twenty-four 1.9 iuch a"nd twelve machine
guns. The speed, with three screws, is esti
mated at eighteen, with two screws sixteen,
and with one s-crew, ten knots an hour. The
armor-belt is 11% inches and the barrjettes
and turrets 9% inches, Harveyized steel. The
ship has also fire under-water torpedo-tubes
and one in the bow above water. Cost com
plete, $3,530,000.
Three battle-ships, to be fitted with water
tubular boilers, have just been laid down for
the British navy. They will be known as the
Canopses class ot 12,900 tons, length 390 feet
breadth 74 feet, and a mean draught of 26
feet.
Blunders in French naval vessels are becom
ing altogether too numerous ot late years, and
a large portion of ships constructed within the
past ten years will either prove entirely use
less or much inferior to expectations when put
to the crucial tests of warfare. A few years
ago the Hoche armor-clad was found to be
overweighted. Later the Brennus was discov
ered to ba in the same plight, and now the
Carnot of 12,000 tons, launchea in 1894 ana
built at a cost of $5,350,000, is found to be
seriously defective, being much deeper in the
water than calculated. The French naval con
structors have the reputation of being the
most scientific in the world, and these re
peated blunders indicate either ignorance In
practice or that the red-tape system of the
Navy Department Is at fault
A MODERN SAMARITAN.
The street was dark, the night was cold ;
I met a man polite and boid.
'The kindly man will always shar*
The load his orotber haa to bear."
•Twas thns he said, and then ha strove
His kindliness to fully prove;
He took my watch, and eke my rings,
My pocketbook, aod other tilings.
—Detroit New*.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"What! Btillin town?"
"Yes; shan't go away at all. Can't get my
collars washed aa I like 'em when I leave Lon
don."—Ally Sloper.
Would you know why the pnglllst battles no
more;
Why his fame Is so silent, though bolst'rous of
yore;
Why no more lie strikes terror to peaceable men?
He nas a sore finger and can' t hold a pen.
_ —Washington Star.
"Here, waiter, can't you fill an order at this
restaurant? I called for roast beef and a
baked potato. Here's the potato, but Where's
the beef?"
"Undah de p'Utab, sah." — Detroit Free
Press.
"Scribbi and Stubbs don't seem to be as inti
mate as they were."
"No; Scribbs angered Stubbs by making fun
ol some of his jokes."— Puck.
"Life is full of ups and downs."
"Yes. I know a young fellow who was in
business and went under."
"Well?"
"And immediately his friends threw him
over."— lndianapolis Journal.
Agent — Hurt yourself much?
Scorcher— Oh. no ; ijot off pretty easy. Eye
discolored; wrist fractured, kneecap dislo
cated, ribs jumbled up a bit and wonderfully
clean cut on the scalp.
Agent— Humph I Lucky dogl— Pick-Me-Up.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
H. J. Lutcher of Galveston, Texas, the
largest lumber and mill man of the South, ar
rived at the Palace Hotel yesterday with his
wife, after a three months' recreation trip
through the middle western and northwesters
States. He was the first big lumber dealer to
leave the forests of Michigan and Minnesota
for those of the Southern States, which he
considers the more promising field. He owns
750,000 acres of forest land and has two large
mills in operation. One is near Orange and
in the present dull times gives employment to
300 men. The other, a new plant on the
Mississippi between New Orleans and Baton
Rouge, includes a sash, door and blind factory,
one of the largest in America, aad gives em
ployment to 500 men. It tuans out 1000 doors,
1000 sashes and 1000 blinds a day, an outfit
equaled by no other factory in this country
except that possibly of Palmer d Fuller of
Chicago. To the completion and perfection of
this new factory with its diversified machin
ery, Mr. Lutcher gave his entire attention for
three months, with tbe result that he is now
taklxrg a much-needed rest. He will spend
over a month in California and will then take
his wile for a visit to tbe City of Mexico. He
was there years ago, having supplied all the
lumber needed in the construction of the rail
road from £1 Paso, Texas, to the capital of
Mexico. He also furnished C. P. Huntington
with three-fourths of all the railroad ties used
in the construction of the Southern Pacific
road. .
PERSONAL
James McLaphlan of Pasaaena la at the
Palace.
J. H. Tibblts of South Africa arrived at the
Palace yesterday.
J. Goldfish, a merchant of Hollister, Is visit
ing at the Grand.
£. H. Hudson, a millman from Uarysville, Is
a guest at tbe Lick.
J. C. Reavlts, a Salinas merchant, is among
the guests ar the Lick.
James D. Hoge, a Seattle journalist arrived
at the Palace yesterday.
J. T. Smith, a mining man from Greenwood,
is registered at the Grand.
11. J. Bunnell, a wool-grower of Portland,
Or., is at the Cosmopolitan.
R. £. Campbell, a cattleman of Kansas City,
Mo., ia at the Cosmopolitan.
W. P. Thomas, an attorney of Ukiah, is mak
ing a short visit at the Grand.
E. C. Apperson, the Santa Clara County
rancher, Is staying at the Lick.
W. B. Harrison, the Stockton lumberman, is
one of the late arrivals at the Grand.
Julius Soper, a missionary on his way to
Japan, Is registered at tbe Occidental.
L.K.Justin, a racehorse owner from Port
land, Or., Is a late arrival at the Lick.
Dr. G. C. Simmons of Eacramento arrived at
the Occidental yesterday with his family.
H. P. Prestou, a mining man, Is In town
from Jamestown, and has a room at the Grand.
Joseph N. Wright, an orchardist and fruit
merchant of Redding, is registered at the
Grand.
Key. Dr. Alexander of the Presbyterian Theo
logical Seminary at San Anselmo ia at the Oc
cidental.
Colonel John T. Harrington of Colusa, lawyer
and owner of a railroad, is registered at the
Lick with his wife.
A. S. Cooper, the Santa Barbara City Council
man, ex-County Surveyor, and asphaltum and
oil expert, arrived from the south last night
and registered at the Grand.
Bishop W. F. Nichols came up from Ban Ma
teo yesterday and registered at the Occidental
to greet the Bishop of Los Angeles, who has
come here for the informal conference of
Bishops.
Colonel J. T. Ritchey, a hotel proprietor of
Redlands, arrived at the Palace yesterday with
G. J. Griffith of Los Angeles, who is acting as
his secretary. Mr. Ritchey is here to get up a
party to go East to visit Major McKinley at his
home In Canton.
CAMPAIGN ECHOES.
"The American eagle still screams," says a
Bryan orator. You bet, but it's for that other
50 cents that he is screaming.— Texas Sifter.
When you cut in two the laboring man's
wages you cut in two our home markets for the
products of the farm and factory.— Hooeier
State.
On his second invasion Mr. Bryan went South
to "the enemy's country," and had progressed
no farther than Kentucky until he found it.—
Washington Post.
The prongs of Tillman's pitchfork evidently
need sharpening, judging from the outcome of
that Senatorial contest in South Carolina.—
Pittsburg News.
Arthur Sewall of Maine is another friend of
silver who puts gold clauses into his contracts.
Politics is polities, and business ia business.—
New York Recorder.
If John Boyd Thacher is ever elected Gov
ernor of New York It will be some time along
in the next century, after he has distributed
the World's Fair medals.— New York Mail and
Express.
Miss Populism— Don't tell anybody that I
axed ye to be my company, Billy.
Billy Bryan— No danger. I'm as much
ashamed of it, Poppy, as you be.— Kansas City
Journal.
Official reports show conclusively that the
only spot where the tree-silver cause is gain
ing any strength is In the immediate region of
Candidate Bryan's vocal chords.— New York
Mail and Express.
Sovereign, the erratic and voluble partner of
Eugene V. Debs, has opened an alleged Bryan
campaign bureau in Chicago. Mr. Sovereign
has been in the side-show business before.—
Philadelphia Press.
The new electric campaign torch will enable
the patriot to do his whole duty to humanity
without getting kerosene oil spilled down his
back from the torch of the patriot benind him.
— Minneapolis Journal.
The opening ol the mints to the free coinage
of silver would mean the closing of many
mills to the workingman, and the payment by
those which remain open of wages in a 50-cent
dollar.— Louisville Courier-Journal.
Sewall, tool He has his own private personal
gold contract, like Altgeid and Stewart. Silver
for labor, but these three men propose to have
for the settlement of their own contracts gold
or itß equivalent.— Philadelphia Press.
"Ticket, please 1" said he to the man behind
the barred window at the Union depot. ,
"Where to?"
"Canton, Ohio, of coarse," replied the pas
senger, vastly surprised that such a question
should be necessary.— Pittsburg Chronicle Tele
graph,
The Democratic National Campaign Commit
tee has sent out an estimate of Bryan majori
ties In November which is principally notable
for ths fact that Maine and Vermont are not
included in the list of claimed States along
with Illinois and Indiana, Michigan and Wis
consin.—Globe-Democrat (Hep.).
Betting on the election Is & serious matter.
In some States it amounts to a criminal offense.
But there Is much innocent fun to be had in
figuring on the result. This is especially true
in regard to those who can figure out a Bryan
majority. It is about the only fun they can
get out of the campaign.— Chicago Post (Rep.)
When the Populist-Demo party shall have
proved its power to perform miracles by turn
ing the granite hills of Maine into bread or
the waters of the ocean into wine, then, but
not till then, will it be safe for the American
workingman to accept unquestioned its prom
ise to improve his present condition by with
holding protection from home industries and
debasing the National currency.— Wabash
Tribune.
THE "EXAMINER'S" SILVER MINES.
San Francisco News Letter.
Thb Call has dealt the Examiner some
weighty blows during the week. Hereafter
nobody can have a doubt that neither the Ban
Francisco Examiner nor the New York Jour
nal is worth reading on the subject of coin
age. The interest of their proprietor, W. R.
Hearst.isso largely made up of silver mines
that he could easily afford to buy two or three
mor« "great dailies 11 and run then? for noth
ing, if only Bryan and a silver Congress be
elected. Of course he would not think of run
ning them at that price, but he could if Ho
wished. He is not, however, that kind of a
man. There i«, notwithstanding "his streat
wealth, not a more uiinbie, or unprincipled
catcher of aiekelß in all this land. His nu
merous devices, often made up of hatred and
falsehood, to conjure Kmaii coins'uut of the
pockets of his readers iuto his own, have about
sickened all the better elements of our. local
society.
For so young a man, raised with the dowble
advantage of money and education, ,hjs greed
and low morals ore phenomenal. .The Call.
has gone to first hand lor its information as
to his interest in silver mines. It. published
the sworn Inventory filed in court of the
Hoarst estate, from which it appears that the
estate consists of mining interests to the vania
of $8,750,000. Fuur large and valuable sliver
mines make a considerable figure in tiTe list. .
One of them is baid to be easily worth $7,000,
-000. If the silver-mine owners are te, have ■
their product nearly doubled in value— and
that is the sole aim of the Bryan campaign— it
is very palpable wny Mr. Hearst became such
an enterprising advocate of silver, as soon as
he thought there was a chance of making such.
advocacy a success. He did mrt always appear
to be for silver, but that was when he thought
It would kill his papers if he permitted them .
to say what lie thought. Hence, it came" that
his writers were permitted to go as' far as thejr
li^eri for gold, and Tup. Call furnishes-curioos
reading in showinc; nuw far that was. .'.* • : ■
It was not until after Bryan's nomination
that he dared to change the coarse of his New-
York Journal, which previously had as good
editorials as he can procnr — which is not say
ing much— in favor of the gold standard. Up
to then he lived in fe*r and tremtjllng as
to the possible !o«s of the nickels oi the
proletariat if he abandoned the advocacy ol
honest money. Bui Bryan's speech, nomina
tion and temporary popularity gave Hearst
the opportunity tie wanted, and he promptly •
switched around to what, in point of fact, ia
nothing more nor leas than booming' bis own
silver interests. Tbat may be worldly wis
dom, bnt it is downright disgraceful journal
ism, which no honest man respects. But,
really, does Mr. Hearst care for the respept of
honest men? Since his exposure in the rail- .
road blackmailing case there are not'xnany
men who believe he does. His course since
then has been such that the general belief is
that he will have blood or die in tbe attempt.
His brief career furnishes "a curious object
lesson. He is a conspicuous example of the -
danger inherited wealth is to a young man ap
parently without scruples or nonor.
CONSISTENCY NOT EXPECTED.
Alarueda Argus.
The Call Is trying to prove the Examiner to
be inconsistent on the silver question by pub
lishing some of its editorials of the past. Not
necessary. Nobody expects it to be consistent,
even 1n one issue. Nobody expects it even to
be fair or decent. Nobody cares what its
policy or politics is. Who thinks of arraign
ing the pink papers of the barber-shops for
their lack of consistency or their flip-flopping
on questions of public interest? Who lookß to
them for lessons in, or examples of, or incite
ments to morality? Why The Call should at
tempt such an unnecessary and undemanded
service we are unable to see.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The last London home of Sydney Smith it
about to be demolishea.
The rumor is abroad that Dr. Janeson i» to
wed, on, his release from, imprisonment
Georgianna, Countess of Dudley, said to be a
beautiful peeress.
Miss Muriel Wilson, th« daughter of "Tranfty
Croft" Wilson, is one of the beauties of the
London season. She has Jet black hair, glorious
eyes to match, and olive skin.
The little children of a native schqol in Bur
mah have just sent $25 for the rebuilding ot
one of the churches in St. Louis w.recked by
the cyclone. The church had formerly helped
the schooL
Polk Wells, the noted train robber, who died =. : '.
in the lowa penitentiary a fewdaysago^ willed ■
his heart and skeleton- and "all' the bullets: ."• ..
found in his body to the man who married .
Polk's divorced wife. ■ * • '•.■•'•' ••"
The petroleum industry ofßiwsia ha"^ Just-'-' '
lost its pioneer by the death in- Sweden -of ;.-_.
Robert Nobel. It was to a chance visit'to Baku.- •
in 1873 that he owed his great discovery- of-.. .
the rich deposits of petroleum in the-Caji- ;• ' :
casus. '•' •' ■-•••.
AN ATTRACTIVE WAIST.
Brown lady's clotti is the fabric-employed in;
this stylish waist. The yoke or vest is of yel
low taffetas with black braiding. '.The* revers
are of the yellow silk. Bands of white lac©
trim the waist, making a boflioe effe'eft, with
black satin ribbon between the lace. The
nigh collar la adorned with points of lac* to
match the bands.
Charming effects are attainable in this style
of waist, it being possible to combine three
fabrics. A waist of novelty goods In green
with boucle threads of black and indefinite
splashes of pale yellow, had a yoke of black
satin with revers of yellow heavily braided
with soutache braid. "
A waist of black goods with metallic threads
of coppery hue had a poke of copper color,
overlaid with heavy white lace and rows of
black. __^ -
Townse*d's famous broken candy, 2 lbs. 25c 11 ,
> ♦ • •
Special information daily to mannfactnrart.
business houses and public men by the Pros!
Clipping .bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery, *
. . ■--. 1 • ■»—•» — • ■ v. ..
i "Do you know where the bad people* who do
not go to onurch go, Johnnie?" , . ■ . "•
♦•My pop goes fishing."— Philadelphia North
American. ' ."*
Are luu Go in or Kaat?
The AUanlio and Pad He Hailroad— SAnta >■"■»
route— is the coolest and mos: comfortable sun*.
tner line, owing to its elevation and absence froift
alkali dust, I Panic ularly adapted for the traa^
portatlon |of families because of its palace draw*
ing-room and modern upholstered toart.it sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland is
Chicago,, . leaving at a seasonable boar and 1 1
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. Saa
Francisco Ticket office. 641 Market street, Chro.>
ide building: Telephone, Aluln 1531. .OalcUuJ.
1118 Broadway. * •
■ •• — — . >* : .*i-\
Great Kock Island Koute I'layinj* Card*.
Bend 13 cents In stamps to John Sebastian, gen
eral passenger agent C. & I. and P. Railway
Chicaco, for the slickest pack of •claying card*
you ever bandied, and on receipt of such remit*
tance for one or more packs they will be seat you
postpaid.. '
Orders containing 60 cents In stamps or postal
note for same amount will secure 5 pacts byai
press, charges paid.
♦ — ♦ — » ■ % j
••Mm. Wlnslniv's Soothlnc/Sy-rnp
Has been used over RO years by millions of m'o:&«?*
for their children while Teething with perfec: si>"
cess. It soothes the child. soften* gums.»tl»7i
Pain, cures Wind Colic, r»«;ula:ea the BoweU a* l %
Is the beat remedy lor Diarrhoeas, whether *rUlaj*.
irom teething, or other causes. -tor said by Draj
gists in ev«ry pan of the world. Be sure a* l •**
lor Air* Wujslow's Soothing Syrup. :. *•>* * oOiu*.
■ • * ■■» .-'••
Coboxado.- Atmosphere is perfectly dry* soft*
and mild, being entirely, frea from lha mis'.s com
mon further north. Round-trip tickets. by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, 983; longer stay *2 50 per da.v. Apply
4 New Montgomery st., San Fraud set. • V. *
'- « # |» i ■ ■■■ .'.
Colds are frequently caught by the sudden fall
of temperature at sunset. Henc« tse need ml
caution and Ayer's* Cherry Pectoral.Wht r fi&H
♦MONDAY ■• SEPTEMBER 28. 18»6
,'•'• -.;•'•• ■' AMJUSEMENTS.
• : 'coixyxiA THXATKB-'The Lost Paradise."
• if obosco's OJ-KnVliotrs*.— -Shadows of a Great
" City."-'- .
• •.Trvoi.i"opKßA-Hou«Tt.— "A!<J*-'
• ."Dbphkum— Hlph-ClaM Vaudeville.
'. ;..;A'tdAZAR THEATER.-" School.
-  .':-fuTHO Baths— Batblng and pertormancses.
•'/- -feScoT rrfiß CHT'TKB-DWI/ «■ Ualxht street,
■ /' -.(LjL-'JtJlock east of the Park.
. ".." '• • aidH-A&ics' Imwtnvtm PAvruoK-Twenty
■• < lUjafeh/llidugttial Exposition.
... . '. ":"" AUCTION SALES.
' ■ByP. X Earth.— " W« day. September 2s, Blcy
•'. cle Sundries, etc. at 1510 Market at., at 11 o'clock.
' ' IBt 'Kaston' * EtPBiDGB.— To-morrow, Sept.
•'• -.••£9', Real Estate, at salesroom, 688 Market street, at
. i'2-6'clQck. .. .
• : By 8. Basch— This day (Monday), Furniture, at
. .". 3.19- s2* Si^uer street at 10;30 o'clock.
• • ■' ..'.'Ey Ojibo. F. Lamson— This day (Monday), Fur
' niture, at V 136 Howard street, at 11 o'clocK, and
••• to-morrow (-I uesday), Furniture, at 2416 Webster
.'Btreet,.at 11 o'clock.
• . *I}y '.Fpakk W. BcTTKKFiitr.r»— Tuesday, Sep-
29, •Furniture, at 1259 Octavia si., at 11
•. d clock. . "
• •'•- /By E. B. Ppkab & Tuesday, September 29.
• Blcycle^undriea, etoj, at 31-33 butter street, at 11
'. o'clock. ■ .
•.. 'Bir.J, &' Mi-thke— September 29,
■ - Furniture; at. 1120 Howard street, at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
• servant goes insane after a fall
. • ••froto a 20-foot ladder.
/ Sam' Rainey's caucus last night decided on
.• Its men for Supervisors.
•' • 0. \v. Vossmer made a successful balloon as
- _ cent yesterday from the chutes.
.' ' Tlie Oakland ball plnvers yesterday beat the
' San Frauciscos by a score of 8 to 4.
•'• •" The Third Brigade Plgnal Corps >'• G. C, Is to
• "have a mounted outing on October 4.
F. H. Bushnell did some fine work with a
.musket at the Shell Mound rifle rang--.
.' ". ■ Gold-K^ng and Wackette won the rtrst prizes
• at Ingleside coursing grounds yesterday.
Cloudy Monday morning; fair the rest of the
day.— Local Forecast Official A. G. McAdie.
Some good scores at the target are reported
". .by Interior companies of the National Guard.
.Charles Cavill, who swam the Golden Gate
,6\vam" around one of the seal rocks yesterday.
: The Turner* will give an athletic entertain
: m«nt at the' Mechanics' Pavilion this evening.
I The Independent Rifles held their annual
;picnic and prize shoot at Shell Mound yester
• Way.
Tho First Infantry Keeimentof the National
'. Guard is giving strict attention to battalion
•., .drill:
■ •The handball courts were crowded yesterday
■ .and several close and exciting games were
. *: played.
■ . The Italian-Swiss Republican Club held an
'• outing at Germania Gardens, Harbor View,
•yesteraay.
Dr. L. O. Roagers won the Germania Schuet
*zen Club's gold medal for the best ballseye
-;. yesterday. ■
•' 'A Sunday-school room annexed to Olivet
Presbyterian Church was dedicated yesterday
-.'• afternoon. .
•' '.Two .world's tandem records were made by
•. : toe Bay City Wheelmen over the San Leandro
. .:ro.aa yesterday.
•. .Poniatowski attended the live-bird
•"■'Rhoot-o,f*rhe California Wing-snooting Club at
. . San:Brurio' yesterday.
•M ..' James' H: Griffes delivered an interesting ad
...• dree* on .the practical man before the Theo
•-. ■ bOph'ical -Society last night..
• ;.' . .BfshQpi 'Kendrick, Johnson. Barker and
. ■• Leo'aara preached in the various Methodist
••.*' Episcopal- churches yesterday.
.;■ . 'Word has been received In this City that a
> . -big'home-p.roduct exposition is to beheld in
■ . "-'Los "Angeles in the UQ&r future.
'• • .":.Tlte twenty-fifth, anniversary of the founding
.at. the' Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum ai.d
■ t . .Hpme Society was celebrated yesterday.
,'." * Majcir-General Miles, commanding the United
• States- .army, may visit the Presidio this
'.'•afternoon and inspect the mortar and dyna
■ -" ■ infte batte.rie's. .
.' • : Rev. " Anna Shaw addressed a very large
•"" -audience at the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium yester
\ -day. afternoon. ' She will speak at the Fair
"..••Thursday night.
■' '.:Th'e Ten Kings, a Republican club, whose
. ' '.members reside .in the vicinity of Larkin and
. : GKovii streets, held a successful picnic at Har
■ •_ box Viejv yesterday.
'..'■ 'Frank. Carnival! shot at George Zitka last
'.'■ ■ flight lbrspme fancied insult offered his wife.
.'- He -was.booked at the Central station charged
.••-.with assault to murder.
'•:. Dr. Farrard of tb> Howard Presbyterian
■-. .-Church' introduced an Innovation in last even
.■ -ingis-s^rvice by omitting the sermon and sub
. s-;.i-tu ti-rig song and music.
V / it lie cud cricket matches played yesterday
• ' resulfjed.in a draw between the Pacifies and
• ..Aiamedas and an easy victory for the Bohe
. .-in 'overt he California*.
;. ' Yesterday the Egremont Castle And th*
• '.Strath/ness, two British tramp steamers, ar
■. rived, from Japan. While the former was
' .•■". •■" mooring ship'she lost en anchor.
.'■'. Rev. Viliiam L. Birch -preached the inaugu
... ;r.al jsermon of the people's church, which he
* bras organized 'at Metropolitan Hall last even
• .-'iug.' There was a large attendance.
-. • .The mission for single women closed yester
. ..day"., in St. Joseph's Church and opened for
V married men. At. all the services the church
■ was crowded with devout parishioners.
' ': ' .'Major ' T% C. Ryan addressed the Good Citl
' . zenshio meeting at Metropolitan Temple
'• "yesterday alternoon, taking as his subject "A
,• . :liomauiEed Protestantism— What shall be the
•-' remedy?"
.'.' ;' The San Kranciscp Fox Terriers Coursing !
*" Ci'ub inaugurated its first series of matches
■ . yesjterd.ay at' the Presidio athletic grounds,
, • where a stuffed hare" was used in lieu of the
'■ - live game.
The. Dairymen's Association, which meet* in
, •this City Tuesday and Wednesday, will request
.the Legislature to pass an act whereby stock
; owners will be partially compensated for stock
' . destroyed.
..• The William Flannery arrested a few days
ago for picking pockets, is not the William
• ".Fiannery of 421 Franklin street. The simi
■ .larity in the names has caused the latter Mr
'.: FlaiTnery some annoyance.
'-.. W. Brown, alias W. J. Ash, alias A. W. Mann
/ . arrested here for forgery in Texas, was one of
•.- the leaders of the rustlers who had a three
darn' battle with cattlemen and cowboys at
•Buffalo, Wyo., in April, 1892.
 * '.M. H. de Young, just returned from Europe.
*' says he was told that San Francisco Is going
•' Republican by 5000 majority. While in Lon
.' "don Mr. de Young ordered replicas of rare
•• : specimens in the British Museum which he
" '..will-present to the Park Museum.
: .-Four official exemplars of the initiatory cere
■ inoriv of the order of the Maccabees arrived
: . here last night, from Los Angeles with elabo
"... rate regalia to be used in demonstrating the
".'ritual before the first California convention
' .which will be held here to-night, to-morrow
; 'rind Wednesday. • .
.' •• "Last night W. J. Colville lectured in Native
'. .Sons' Hall, under the auspices of Golden Gate
•« Lodge of Tbeosophy, his subject being: "The
.-' Psychic Problem, Its Theosophical and
. " Phenomenal Aspect*." Mr. Colvilie is claimed
- 'by a 'dozen schools of thought. This recog
'. nition of the good in all, it is contended, con
■ . stitutes him an ideal tbeosophist, since the
';• vetarie'sof that belief claim tb3 truth lying at
. . the root of all religions is theosophy or divine
• "wisdom. . •
.*'•'■. .• yew to-dat:
." t i~~. » : r —
':■ DISTRESSING jjk
:[ ;JBRITATIONS W
. .. • .OF THE
■:'■■;.: Relieved by /y//IYY
''• ° .'To cleanse, purify, and beantlfy the Mb,
' • " scalp, and hair, to allay itching and irritation, to
•' •'• beapcbafings, excoriations, and nlceratlve weak-
•oessec, to speedily cure the first symptoms or
''"torturing, disfiguring skin and scalp humors,
"• o •nothing so pure, so sweet, so wholesome, so
epeedily effective as warm baths with CIJTiCT/lU
* Boap, and gentle applications of Ccticcba
' (ointment), the great akin cure.
Bold threnrhodi the world. Price, CrricrßA, SOe. t
' Sa*f. 25c.| BHOI.TSKT, «oc. »nd $1. POH« MM
' a*d CbiM. Cobp., Sole Prop».. Boston. , . _
* a&* EgV to Cut* Hub Dhtuuf nails* &•*. _5^
FOUR PRELATES
IN THE PULPIT
Bishops Barker, Kendrick,
Johnson and Leonard
Preach.
A MEMORABLE OCCASION
Sermons on "Growth," "Oppor
tunity," "Labor" and
"Strength."
CROWDS ATTEND THE SERVICES
Deep Interest Shown in the E oquence
cf the Visitin? Clergy
men.
The visiting Bishops of the Pacific Coast
diocese delivered sermons at the various
churches yesteiday morning.
Bishop Barker preached at St. John's,
35/ shop KEndwck.
TT. *£*.V.r\>piiKKtK P.p. Jr. fa ./ h Jows-av
The Four Episcopal Church Bishops "Who Preached Yesterday.
Bishop Kendrick at the Ch urrh of tli
Advent, Bishop Johnson at Trinity and
Bishop Leonard at Grace.
Bishop Leonard spoke on the text from
Ephesians vi:l0 — "Finally, my brethren,
be strong in the Lord. " He said:
"The age and country in which we live
make much of the practical. It is a char
acteristic much admired and one which
contributes largely to success. The end of
life with most men is to succeed in that
which they undertake, and it is certaiuly
a laudable desire. No doubt the reason
why there is such admiration of successfal
men is because they are so few.
"Fame, wealth and high mental achieve
ments come to few. Mediocrity is the
distinguishing mark cf the larger num
ber, while for the vast majority of men
there seems to be nothing but bare exist
ence and little to relieve the dull monotony
of commonplace lives.
"There is a word about which much
needs to be said— it is moral courage.
Stand up for that which is right. How
comes it that men have so little to say
about this kind of strength?
"We are regretting all the while that
there is in our society a low moral tone.
We are all striving, I hope, each in his
own way, to abate this tone. Our public
school B.vstem of education is doing all
that is possible in this direction, and there
are many other agencies working upon
the same lines."
Bishop Leonard spoke atrongly against
divorce. He said he had read that in
proportion to th« number of marriages
more divorces were granted in Ban Ffan
cisco than any place in the world.
Bishop Kendnck delivered a sermon at
the Church of the Advent He took for
his text the following: "I must work the
works of Him that sent me while it is day ;
the night cometh when no man can
work." (Br. John, ix:4.)
"The law of opportunities is that there
is a tit time for doing things, and if they
are not done then they cannot be done at
ail," said he.
"There are some opportunities that con
sist of a single event. There comes a
time when something must instantly be
done.
'■Presently it wih be too late to admin
ister the remedy or perform tbe operation.
In many a great battle there was a su
preme moment when everything de
pended on doing the right thing. The
smoke lifted and then was the opportun
ity. Then or never the victory must be
won. And in tha battle of life many a
man can trace his success or failure to an
opportunity that came to him once and
that never came to him again, and he
used it or failed to use It.
"There is an important sense in which
every day is an opportunity on whicu the
sun goes down :iot to rise again. The
work that we do not do in a day can never
be done. We cannot put it off till to-mor
row, for to-morrow will have its own work.
If we do to-day's work to-morrow, when
shall we- do to-morrow's work? Or, if we
can do two days' work in one, how long
can we keep that up?"
Bishop Barker delivered a sermon at St.
John's. His subject was "The Law of
Growth."
"The most interesting illustrations of
the law are found In a brief consideration
of the physical Bide of human life," said
he. "The body is endowed with faculties,
taUnts, powers and sights. Tbe law runs
underneath each faculty. The mind ex
pands by education. As a nation we
spend millions of money in building
schools, and this illustrates the applica
tion of the law."
The Bishop described a lecture of Tyn
dall's in Philadelphia on light and in a
few words drew tbe parallel lesson for the
church. As the various gas jets leaped
into prominence when different tuning
forks were sounded so must the church,
through its members, ever proclaim her
truths until th* individual eoul quivers
and responds. He close! with the simple
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1896.
statement that "in view of the wonderful
Jaw of progress by education and exercise
I consider religion a common-sense
thing."
Bishop Johnson chose as a subject St.
Luke ii : 48, 47. He said :
''The most casual observer must see
that we are actually in the flood of a can^e
of movements which are calling for read
justment in the social and political world.
"What man for centuries did with his
body he now does with his brain. Men
who work Are in a chaotic state because of
the conditions under wh^ch they serve.
The skilled artisan mint use new tools,
tools quite, different from those with which
he plied his traae. The great horde of
mechanics has been locked out of work by
the mind of man. Labor is thus forced to
fields of new and untried effort, or else it
forced to jsive up the struggle for exist
ence.
"This again accounts to a certain extent
for a new feature in our modern life,
namely: Woman in the shops and offices,
forced there by the necessities which an
unemployed father or brother has created.
Here then are the causes that make our
times transitional. The rich and the
poor are restless because they are seeking
their new place in the readjustment of
things."
TWO TRAMPS ARRIVE
The Egremont Castle L,o«ea an Anchor
■While Mooring Ship in the
Harbor.
Two more large English tramp steamers
arrived yesterday— the Egremont Castle,
twenty-four days from Kobe, and the
Strathnesa, twenty-eight days from Yoko
hama. As the first vessel dropped her
anchor off Meiggs wharf the streckle-pin
came out and the big mass of iron was lost
in the muddy bottom of the bay.
As the steamer We-tport was returning
to the harbor from an excursion at 2:30
o'clock yesterday alternoon she passed the
little gasoline schooner Newark bound
&iSHor> leon/\k& —
for this port. The machinery of the ves
sel was disabled, but she was under sail
and making good headway.
A FORGER WITH A RECORD
W. Brcwn, Wanted in Fort
Worth, Tex , Was a Famous
Rustler.
He Took an Active Part in a Three
Days' Fight W;th Cattlemen
Over Four Years Ago.
There is a hitch in the papers brought
here by Chief Maddox of Fort Worth,
Tex., for tbe eatraditiou of W. Brown,
alias W. J. Aah, alias A. W. Maun, who is
wanted there and in other places for
forgery and obtaining goods by false pre
tenses, as stated in yesterday's Call.
Brown registered at the Palace Hotel r.s
W. C. Wallace, and his partner, J. T. Mc-
Kay, at the Occidental Hotel as J. F.
Camden. While on the way here each
bad posted a letter to himself at a way
station, and the letters arrived at the
Palace and Occidental the day after they
registered. They took the precaution to
open the letters in presence of the clerks,
and each carelessly allowed a draft in
closed to lie on the desk so that the clerks
could see it. Camden's draft was for
?3500 and Wallace's for $500. The result
was they were not pressed for payment of
their Dills.
McKay, or Camden as he called him
self, got suspicious and fled to Kansas
City, where he was arrested. Brown was
arrested at the Palace Hotel by Detectives
Seymour and Whitater on September 19.
When searched a heavy revolver with five
notches in it was found in his pocket, and
there is a history attached to it.
Brown is a cowboy, or, more correctly
speaking, a rustler, "in the beginning of
1892 there was serious trouble between the
rustlers and the regular cattlemen in
Texas and it ultimately ended in open
warfare. The rustlers were led by three
brothers, Nick, Jack and Jim Ray, and
Brown was one of their lieutenants.
The cattlemen and their cowboys were,
on April 9, surrounded by the rustlers at
Buffalo, Wyo., where the former could
neither get food nor water. Tuey fought
for three days and then the cattlemen
were reacueu oy a colored troop of United
States cavalry. Nearly a hundred of the
cattkmen and their cowboys were killed
and the rustlers had also several killed,
union ir them two of the leaders, Nick and
Jack Ray. Nick Ray before he bit the
dust killed five of the enemy and his sur
viving brother, Jim, made the tive notches
in the weapon that did the killing to show
his dead brother's prowess. He presented
the revolver to Brown, who has carried it
in his belt ever since. It is a 45-cahber,
hair trigger and shoots a Winchester bui
le\
Brown, in speaking of the fight yester
day, was very modest and would not say
how many, if any, cattlemen fell victims
to his weapon.
Father Yorke's Next Lecture.
The "Growth of the Upas Tree," or the "A. P.
A.," the filth lecture of the series on the cur
rent controversy will be delivered by Rev. P.
C. Yorke this evening at Metropolitan Hall
under tbe auscioes of the American Women's
Liberal League. John F. Barrett will precide.
Tickets will be sold to-day- at Metropolitan
Hall and at the headquarters of the league,
room 21, Nucleus building, corner Third and
Market streets.
HOLIDAY FOR THE
HEBREW ORPHANS
Twenty-Fifth Anniversary
of the Society Cele
brated.
GREAT JEWISH CHARITY
What Has Besn ' Accomplished
in a Quarter of a Cen
tury.
TOLD BY PRESIDENT LEVY.
The Children Entertain Visitors to
the Asylum With an Operetta
and Music.
The twenty-fifth anniversary yf the
founding of the Pacific Hebrew Orphan
Asylum and Home Society occurred yes
terday, and it was made the occasion of a
celebration well worthy of the event.
There was a large gathering of Jewish peo
ple at the asylum at Devisadero and Hayes
streets, and the visitors were received by
President S. W. Levy, Superintendent
Henry Mauser and other officers of the in
stitution. In the afternoon, after a recep
tion in the asylum building, an entertain
ment that proved to be a very enjoyable
affair was given in the amusement hall by
the children, immediately after the an
nual meeting of the members of the so
ciety.
President Levy called the meeting to
order after the Anspacber band, composed
of Hebrew orphans, had played a quite
brilliant overture. Mr. Levy read his re
port, which was comprehensive and inter
esting to all present.
"The credit should be given the B'nai
B'ritb Society for having originated the
idea of founding and establishing an or
phans' home in this City," he said, "but
that society did not have the means to
carry out the scheme alone and it was left
for this association to materialize what
was before a mere inspiration. It was on
the 25th day of July, 1871, that this asso
ciation was formed — to quote the language
of our act of incorporation — 'ior the care,
relief, protection and improvement of or
phan children, and for the care of aged
Israelites, who are without adequate
means of support.'
Continuing, he said: "When we take a
retrospective glance into the past and
think of the modest quarters which we
occupiod in tbe rented ouiJding on Mason
street from 1872 to 1876, and which did
such good service for the first years of our
society's existence, and remember how
proud we were of it, thinking that we had
reached a point beyond which it was im
possible to go, and compare it with our
present two great institutions, with their
imposing buildings, their large grounds,
attractive surroundings, elegantly ap
pointed gymnasium and extensive work
shops connected with our orphan asylum
building, we feel that our success has been
remarkable. And when we take into fur
ther consideration the fact that in 1891.we
carried out the second great object of our
corporation, viz., the establishment and
! erection of our home for the aged, which
' is complete in every detail, and that every
I dollar due for the purchase of the land
and (he erection of both the asylum and
home building has been paid, we can
truly say that we have, under a kind
providence, accomplished marvelous re
sults."
Still there was considerable work before j
the society, for the recent extensive im
provements have so depleted the treasury
that ways and means for maintenance of I
both institutions must be adopted. As
much as $51,389 S3 was paid out on build
ing contracts during the past year, and as
this created a deficiency, Mr. Li«vy sug
gested that a committee be appointed to
solicit subscriptions. As it was twenty
years since the society made its last ap
; peal to the public he believed that the
j society could very properly make another
call for aid.
"Should we endeavor to retrench in any
way," he said, " we should have to do so
at the expense of seriously crippling one
or both institutions, and we would be sub
jected to the humiliation of refusing fur
ther applications for admission. We are
now conducting both institutions with the
greatest amount of liberality and at the
same time with the least amount of ex
penditure."
The Income of the society during the
year was $25,550 76 from all'souices, and
expenses, including alterations and erec
tion of a workshop building, $26,500 22 for
the asylum and $10,929 63 for the home.
The total expense was $37,429 85. The es
timated amount necessary for the next
year was given at $27,500 for the asylum
and $11,000 for the home, but from past
experience it was calculated that without
some extraordinary assistance the loss
would be about $12,949. To ward off such
a possibility the board of trustees has de
termined to use every endeavor to increase
the membership roll. During the year
donations and requests received amounted
to $10,656 77.
Regarding membership Mr. Levy an
nounced that a year ago there were 2037,
and since then 23 were lost by death, 80
by resignation and 7 were stricken from
the roll. One life member and 47 con
tributing members were admitted, mak
ing the total 1969— loss of 06 members.
There were 122 children in the asylum
at the last annual meeting. Since then 30
have been admitted and 18 discharged,
leaving 67 boys and 67 girls in the institu
tion, 6 of whom are living with respect
able families and learning trades. The
children have attended the public schools,
and have been instructed by special teach*
era in the asylum. Youthful mechanics
in the various workshops are becoming
experts at tneir trades under the direction
of Superintendent Mauser, and boys with
musical talent are instructed by Professor
L. yon der Mehden in music as members
of the Anspacher band. At tha home
there were 18 men and ■10 women a year
since, 3 men and 2 women have been ad
mitted, and 5 men died, leaving 16 men
and 12 women in the institution.
The report concluded with thanks to
various benefactors of both institutions.
The report was greeted with cordial ap
plause and by vote accepted and ordered
to be printer.
Reading of other reports, such as those
of the secretary and superintendent, was
dispensed with, as they were embodied in
the president's report.
J. Greeuebaum moved that the presi
dent and .vice-president be given a vote
of thanks from the society for their
work during the past year. He took the
chair temporarily and everybody, "it
seemed, said aye I . -
The president was empowered to ap
point a committee on the election of di
rectors, whose terms have expired.
An operetta in three act.*, entitled, "The
Four-leaved Clover, or the Charm," was
effectively presented by the children with
the following cast:
Isabella, Countess of Aguilar, Hulda La
komy; Lady Inea, Hannah Rosen thai; Lady
Hindu. Bub. Lakomy ; Susanna, maid to Lady
Inez, Jennie Levy; Don Sebastian, Com. of the
Castle, Philip Sapiro; Don Carlos, a Spanish
guest, EtUe Reuben; Sir Roland Graeme, an
English guest, Aaron Sapiro; Pedro and Don
ald, their servants, Aaron Oppenhelmer and
Bau Oppenheimer; Lorenzo, seneschal, Hoary
Goldstein ; Gluck-Auf, a German sprite, Jennie
Unger; Gretcteu, his sister and Interpreter,
Amelia Snoek; Mazett, leader of gypsies, Leo
Schoenfeld; Fedalmn., a gypsy fortune-teller,
Jeunie Anshel; lords, ladies, gypsies, chil
dren, athie;es, etc.
Between the first and second acts a
piano duet was given by Amelia Snoek
and Hulda Lakomy. The entertainment
was under the direction of Superintend
ent Henry Mauser, assisted by Mrs. H.
Mauser. Miss E. M. Kropp, Miss Jeanette
Ephraira, William Lis*ner, Miss Adeie
Levy and Professor yon der Mehden, and
Messrs. Friedlander and Gottlob of the
Columbia Theater added much to the gen
eral effect with scenery and the assistance
of the stage staff.
Prizes were awarded as follows by the
president to the orphan children:
Best scholarship and deportment— David
Jalumstein, Behreod silver medal and $250 in
coin; Aaron Sapiro, Behrend silver medal and
$250 in coin; Huida Lakomy, house silver
medal and $100 in coin.
Best deportment — Louis Levy, Fogel gold
medal and $10; Hannah Kosenthal, Fogel gold
medal and $10.
Most industrious boy and Kirl— Milton Laza
rus, $5; Rebecca Lakomy, $5.
Neatest boy and girl — Sam Levy and Hattie
Anshel, $5 each.
Most punctual boy and girl— Albert Tausaig
and Jennie Grau, $5 each.
For greatest affection and care of Uttlo chil
dren—David Moss, $5.
Best sewing— Susie Rlttigstein.
Hebrew and Bible history— David Snoek and
Bertha Hirach.
The total amount of money distributed
in^prizes was $790.
WITH THE PLAYERS.
What There la in tha Line of Amuse
ments in San Francisco for
Tliis Evening.
To-night is the first of the last week of
the Frawley Company at the Columbia
Theater and the play chosen is "The Lost
Paradise." It is a play of the times, in
which is presented the contest between
Cavill Being Carried on His Friends' Shoulders After He Finished
His Swim.
capital and labor, and is one of absorbing
interest.
The play billed at the Alcazar Theater
for this evening is Robertson's clever
comedy, "School," the various roles of
which will oe interpreted by Sullivan,
Polk, Vizard, Carl Smith, Mrs. Bates,
May Buckley, Amy Lee and oUier mem
bers of tha company. It is intensely funny.
"The Shadows of a Great City" will be
the attraction at the Grand Opera-house
this evening and it is to be presented with
a very strong company, in which L. R.
Stockweil, Howard Kyle, Miss Victory
Bateman are the leaders. It will be very
effectively staged.
"Aida' will be continued at the Tivoli
Opera-house, and it will be the attraction
thin evening. This opera has been put on
with a great deal of care, and the large au
dience that witnessed it last week is one
of the best proofs of its merits.
There will be a striking feature at the
Orpheum Music Hall this evening. It will
be the famous Hawaiian Band, composed
of forty musicians, who will discourse
sweet music. Anna Suit?, a comedienne
and vocalist from New York, will make
her first appearance.
There will be a good vaudeville perform
ance at the Casino at the Haight-street
grounds this evening in addition to the
many attractive specialties on the grounds.
The scenic railway, the chutes and the il
lusions furnish much enjoyment.
There will be music, promenading and
sight-seeing at the Home Product and Me
chanics' Fair this evening, and in addition
there will be a special attraction. This
has been set apart as Turn Verein night,
and tbe members of the Turner societies
will appear in full force.
Will Flcnlc at Shell Mound.
The general committee in charge of the
Irish Nationalist's picnic, to be held at Shell
Nound Park next Sunday, held an informal
meeting at K. R. B. Hall yesterday. The
various sub-committees reported that all pre
liminary arrangements had been perfected
and that there was no doubt of the success of
the occasion. The Irish Nationalists made
arrangements in the early part of the year to
give their picnic under the auspices of the
"Knights ot Tara" at Shell Mound Park Octo
ber 1. Since then the Iri*h soldiers and
patriots, Dr. Gallagher, John Daly, Whltehead
and others, have been released from prison,
broken in health and spirits, and the knights
deem it their duty to give half of the proceeds
to them.
Every guest at a Norwegian wedding
brings the bride a present. In many parts
a keg of butter is the usual gift, and, if
the marriage takes place in winter, salted
or frozen meat is offered.
Trunks Moved 35 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Co., 43 Butter street
Telephone Main 49. Keep your checks for us.*
THREATENED BY
ANGRY SEALS
Charles Cavill Resolutely
Rounds the Amphib
ians' Realm.
HAD HIS KNIFE READY.
"Ben Butler's" Big Successor
Makes One Brave Feint,
but Fails.
THOUSANDS WATCH THE FEAT.
Said to Bj the First Time That the
Historic Cliff-House Rookery
Was Circled.
Fully 10,000 people were witnesses yes
terday of the wonderful surf-swimming
feat by CharJes Cavill of rounding one of
the Seal Rocks. This is said to be the first
time the feat has been accomplished,
though several times attempted.
At 3 o'clock in the afternoon the man
who the Sunday previous swam across the
Golden Gate was presented to the specta
tors in Sutro Baths and seven minutes
after was on the beach northeast of the
south seal rock. He was followed by every
person In the baths who filled every point
of vantage from which they could see the
daring swimmer enter the water.
In a moment after reaching the beach
he at once plunged into the surf, passing
gracefully and easily through two immense
breakers, and then with that wonderful
stroke that marks his swimming he struck
out for the seal rock. As.he approached it
there was seen in the vicinity of the home
of the seals a boat manned by a crew of the
Dolphin Club and another manned by a
crew from the United States Life Saving
Station south of the Cliff House.
These men in boats were in tho vicinity
to lender assistance to the swimmer
should he need it. Not only was Cavill
seen by those who were near the starting
point, but by crowds who thronged the
balconies of the Cliff House and thousands
who were on the beach between the Cliff
House and the Olympic pier.
Stroke by stroke the intrepid swimmer
advanced. Then it was seen than an ex
traordinary sensation was being created
among the biz ampnibians on tbe rocky
bluff ahead. When Cavill was abreast of
their rock seal after seal leaped from the
Bides into tbe water and in procession
headed for tbe man who had dared to in
vade their preserves. One of the animals
came within ten feet of the swimmer, but
with a knife which he had in a sheath
strapped to his body, and which he drew,
he made a lunge at tho approaching
animal, which, with the rest, turned and
swam for the rock again. Cavill made the
tern, the boats keeping close to him, and
when ne was within a hundred yards of
the beach where he was to land he was
met by Adolph Kahn, who swam in with
him and came in a good second. The dis
tance was about one mrle and the time
consumed in the trip twenty-four minutes.
As Cavill landed he was greeted with
loud cheers, and when he returned to the
baths he was there loudly applauded by
the immense crowd that awaited' him. He
stated that the swim was a very cold one.
After resting a few minutes Cavill gave an
exhibition of fancy swimming and trick
divins.
During the afternoon in the baths Cor
nell and Enepy gave a burlesque boxing
match which was very amusing and they
also gave burlesque diving and swimming.
There was despite the coolness of the
HEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
sutrcTbaths.
Open Daily from 7 a. m. Until 11 p. jc.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening;.
General Admission- Adults 10c, Children 3c.
SEW TO-DAT.
| Naked Pills |
jo are fit only, for naked say- |'
1 1 ages. Clothes are the marks Si
J>) of civilization — in pills as well \\
]!; as people. A good coat jdQes'-^
t'l not make a good pill, any more &
!"). than good clothes make a'good 1 >
]i) man. But as sure as you'd I
if look on a clothesless man as a "j
!') mad one, you may look on a \\*
y coatless pill as a bad one. j
c After fifty years of test no jL,
. jj> pills stand higher than <
AVER'S . i;
$ Cathartic Pills \{-
o SUOAR COATED. '• <>>}--
atmosphere a good number of people in
Golden Gate Part and a large number of
bicyclers.
But little work is being done.in the pail?
at this.time. The seeding of the gross plati
in the grand court will be pushed thia
week.
The work of renovating the museum is
progressing aa rapidly as the number ot
men employed for the purpose can do it.'
The balloon ascension in' tlie Jlaigh:
street ground was a perfect success, as was
also the parachute jump, both being wit
nessed by nearly 3000 people within tha
inclosure. C. \V. Voamer, the balloonist,
landed on a house at Pa&e and Fillmore
streets.
You may have observed that to keep
flowers fresh florists always exclude them
from the air. To do this 'effectually wet
them thoroughly, put them in a damp
box and cover them with wet raw cottoi»
or newspaper and thou place them in a
cool soot.
NEW TO-DAT.
They say in Japan, and
China that Americans arc
the worst tea-buyers in the
world — that any tea is good
enough for us. * •'*.
It is a fact that we are* now
importing no more tea for
sixty millions than we were
importing for forty millions
twenty years ago.
If Schilling si Best '.jMci
had the market all. this, time,
the trade would have grown,
not dwindled. • v : ' ..' • £ '*;
A Schilling & Company • ••' •". - "" '•
San Francisco „ .. 393 * *
NEW TO-LAT-AMnSEWENIS.
w- , : . X U j^-w^-y-v^-:
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSrS
Mbs.Krnkstink Er.i so, Proprietor. '& Manager
Tli© Grand Opera. Season
THE HIT OF THE SEASON! *. *.■•;,
•T 1 0-3>a"lC3-3fc3L'if— r-^** t ".
and A.3Lilji this "WE3BIC
Verdi's Divine Inspiration, : ■ * . "
Cast includes : ". *" . '';. : .
MADAME NATALI, ' .BKRXICR HOLMES,
XliV THOMAS, SiU DE VRIES,- .. ' .
elO. AEKAMOFF, SIU. NAPOLEOkXIt-.-.'
Kic. • Etc. - Etc. ■ ' ••:.*•.
A Perfect Production In Every Uetaif •' : '.'
100 People on the Stage.. ■ .• • '
Next Opera : : • T *:'SATXSrJ!>ISitA.".
'—^ — LOOK OUT FOR .. " .-..•.'
"THE BABES ly THE WOOD I.*! '; # .
Popular Prices— 2so ggo/ : ;
MOROCCO'S ii ■•■:"::
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTKK MORoauo, Sole Lessee' aui aUirx*;-
YOU DO NOT WANT TO BHSS .'
U. !R,. STOCKWEtIL'
•In the Strongest of Scenic Melodramas, ;
"SHADOWS OF A GREAT " €ITT
Assisted by the Eminent Artists, *•
HOWARDIKYLE, .VICTORY BATEMAN.
"Wonderful Revolving Scene*. .• .•
Cosily Costumes! Splendid Scenery !
Gorgeous Accessories!
Evening Prlten— lQo. 2r.c and 50b.
%^^»
O'FarreU Street. Butwp»»n Stockton and Poir3.:.
Week Commencing; Monday, Sept. ~S.
In Addition to the Great Vau villc Show.
The Famous ttoyal
Hawaiian Band and Glee Clu*b.
Skilled Musicians .and Vocalists— 4o
ruder the leadership of Professor J. S.*Libolnlo,
the Greatest Saxophone Soloist In the World.
ANNA SUITS and •
36— Great Vaudville Stars— 26
■Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony 10c; Opera. Chairs,
and Box Sea- s, 60c. . •
SPECIAL MATINEES— Tuesday, Thursday andj
Friday. Full Concerts by Band and Gleg Club
Bklasco, Doase it Jordan. .Lessee? A Managers.
THIS EVENING AT. 8 5. •..;*:. •
Elaborate Production of the sterlinsfCqmedjr, .
■'SCHOOLS" :' ...
Cast to the Full Strength of Our-Great.Cojnpany.^
PRICES- Evening: '-15c, 35c«350and*500«
Matinee: I So, 25c and 35c? .''•
Secuie Heats by Toleph-onje. '81ack. 991. .
MATINEES SATURDAY AND-SUNBiAY.
"PRIZE WEEK" FOB SCHOLARS! '
THE CHUTES : : : :
And Greatest 'Scenic Railway on EartH:
Open Daily from l.to 11 J?. M.. .
DON'T FAIL TO SEE '« ,
DETMAR, THE MAS-FROG!
HOP TBE CHUTES '. .
EVERY EVENING AT 10 O'CLOCK^
ADMISSION IO CENT-*. .
Children, lncluding Merry-Go- Round Hide, 5 centv
MECHANICS' FAIf?.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION!
PAVILION, LAKKIN sTKjjETv
GRANDEST EXPOSITION. ON RECORD
HINRICHS* FINE ORCHESTRA.
Voting: for the Five Best Exttibltt
' September 11 to October* 1.
PRIZES— — SIX GOLD SIMBAL^ST..
See the Magnificent Display of Live Fish |
Monday, Sept. 28— Gymnastic Exhibition, Turn
Vereins on special Bta?e, 8:30 p. m.
Tuesday, bept. 29—8 p. m., Boys' * Brigade in
uniform; 8:30 p. m., Y. M. 'c. A. Athletic iixhl.
bition; Public Evening Schools.
.Wednesday, Sept. 80— Dairy men's day. lecture
by Major H. A Word of Washington iv Electrical
Hall, 8:80 P. M. •>.
Thursday. Oct. I— Suffrage day. 8:30 p. m.. Rev.
Anna Howard Shaw will deliver an address in Art
Gallery.
Friday, Oct. 2— Governor's d iv. 8:30 P. m., Ar-
rival of Governor James H. Budd and staff: Music
night, Grand Programme o! Uichard Wagner's Im-
mortal Creations.
„ bftturday, Oct. 3— Closing day.
——Admission 25c, Children 15c.——.
OrJBN DAY AND EVENING. ' *
78
FRATERNAL BONDS
•'"' . .• •• .Order of the Eastern Star.
_; The', nrost worthy grand matron, $Ji»- Mary
•• Pkrttidge; has gone on a tour of visitation to
Arizona,' New ■Jdexico and Texas, and hopes to
return • in time to attend ttoe next Grand Chap
ter'session. ■ .
On the 6th of October Wdrthv«rand Patron
Werritf wili visit Tiiolunine Star Chapter in
Bopora, the following day he will visit Angels
. Chapter.and on the day after that he will pay
• a visit to Aialea.Chapt&r at San Andreas. On
the 10th he wili.visit Queen Esther Chapter at
Sutler Creek.
• The entertainment to be given under the
auspides of the local chapters io aid oi the
• Widows' and Orphans* "Home will be in Gol
den Gate Hal! during tbe week that the Grand
Chapter will be m session.
. Harmony Chapter wili give a grabbag party
• and literary entertainment in Shiels' building
pn Friday next.
The Grand Chapter -will meet in Golden
Gate. Hall' "on the 20th of October. There ap
.pears to be every prospect that a large nnni
■ ." ber of people will go on the grand excursion to
Monterey that lias been planned to take place
"; at the close of the Grand Chapter sessiop.
: * Reports •from-all sections sho\y the order to
be in' a flourishing condition. Since the last
'Gjand Chapter nineteen chapters have been
. organized and are now under dispensation.
- - The membership during tha^ time has in
cre"asedmore than 1000. The indications are
• .that there will be* full representation of dele
• -• gates at the coming session.
The Odd Fellows.
° 0 Farnsworth ix>dge will give its first anniversary
entertainment on Wednesday evening;
/Loyal Rebekah Lodge has six candidates for lnl
'• \iattdn>
'.<.- ' -Gl-and Master Warboys was In this City last
•' "woeic prior to his visits north. He says that the
' .'• order ii doing well throughout the Strte, and that
• • A-nerever he has been on his tour of visitations he
' has noticed a gnat deal of interest In the work of
the'order. .'• • "■'
'Tt-mght Grand Patriarch Reid will be in VisaUa
to visit the encampment. There will be present
t patriarchs from PoHerville and Talare. The
graind patriarch reports that good attendance
• has marked all tbe encampments he has visited in
] tbe south.* •
The hall of Unity Lodge was crowded to Its
limit last Tuesday night. There were representa-
v is. from fifteen of the local lodges and a mem
-1) rui .i lodge In British Columbia. The occasion
-was .he anniversary of the birth of Grand Scribe
W. H. Barnes, and also mat of h;s joining the Odd
yellows. He delivered a very interesting addreis
• (for the grand scribe is a good talke ), and he
was followed by about twenty others who ex
*. ."pressi'd themselves in sho t talks.
. '. There was an important meeting last Saturday
, * of all parties interested in the Odd 1-ellows' library |
. 'and steps were taken to advance it.
Oriental . ebeuah Lodge gave a sonveni -pro
posal party last Wednesday evening which at- |
* tractcd a' large attendance, and it proved to be a
- most enjoyable- affair.
.Considerable interest is being taVen in the c • ter
•tainnieut to be given on the evenin.s of the 29ih i
.anil 30th ins - and that of the Ist of October at i
. the Columbia Theater in aid of the Friendship I
Fund.
Two new Rebekah lodges are to be organized in
the near future, one at Dunsmcir and one at {
' Kscondido.
.Airs. .Marion Greenwood, president of the, Re- i
bekahs, Is meeting with a warm welcome wher
ever she is visiting.
ihe ladies who have charge of- the Orphans'
Home at Gilroy are. much encouraged by the
•mou y contributions they have received thus far,
but/ like Oliver Twist, they are crying for mote,
as .1 lakes a good deal of mo. ey to start such an
lisMiutiou.
o > i lie work- on the Odd Fellows' Home at Ther
• maiito is being pushed to speedy completion.
a ' Tiie urraugeme :us are all commie. c for the anni
versary celebration by Sunset encampment on
the B.li ins'c
• - • Ancient Order United Workmen.
yn Thursday evening, the Bth of October, there
will be a district meeting of local lodges in the
Alcazar ding under the management of J. D.
Shay lor, district deputy. A very interesting pro
. gramme .has been prepared. Grand Recorder
'. : Hirshber« will address the meeting, and stereoo
j; ticon .views illustrating the work of the order will
'.Be presented, permission having been granted by
'■:the gsand master worn mi n to use certain portions I
■ .of th.c screen work in public There will also be a I
'-. • literary and musical programme.
• "jL:>st Monday evening Memorial Lodge received
'..' a visit from me Past Masters' Association, ti- '
-. Judgeßobert Ftrral delivered an address on the I
: rerationship existing between .National prosperity
" ana the growth and success of fra ernal orgamza
• liens. last Master Curtis also addressed the
meting.
• JVeil-selected literature in the Interest of the
. Workmen Is being extensively circulated.
• The seventeenth anniversary of Friendship
Lodge will be celebrated by an entertainment iv
Sbiels' building mi Thursday evening. The grand
' recorder will deliver an address.
. Next lbursduythe new plan of assessment will
bppuLinto force as to members admitted after
' September 1.
.supreme overseer Sessions, in a letter to the
grand reporter under date of September 15, says
that New Yor^, Texas, Arkansas, ohlo, California
. and. Kentucky gr^i.a lodges, having adopted the
.new classified p.anoia&sessmen 1 ., report harmony,
. - enthusiasm and hope. He says that the report jof
a number of honest experts who have examined
the, new. plan are unanimous that it is the best yet
devistd.
,' _ .'-t'optuna Lodge of Napa is arranging for a public
" ■.'meeting, at which grand lodge otiicers wi.l spt ate.
• * Aiitiuch Lodge will iive an entertainment at an
'dpen. meeting on October 23. The grand master
woi kman, grand recorder and grand receiver will
attend. .
•The grand recorder and the grand receiver will
address tan Benito Lodge in Hollister on Friday
next.
t .'Next Wednesday ML Hamilton Lodge will' give
a social.
W. l. lines. S. D. G. M. W., reports great enthu
siasm In Los Angeles.
• Honvutund oroville lodges have consolidated.
' lhe new form oi books under the cla&jitied as
sessment plan will email leas work on officers or
lodges.
The printed proceedings of the supreme lodge
session heid at .buffalo las- June have been re
ceived in this City, it is a volume oi 544 pages.
'Ihe Degree of Honor.
last Wednesday evening Ivy Lodge gave an en
tertainment at which there was a Cakewalk, Mr.
Inglerand Mrs. Bradley were awarded the first
prize and took the cake— a large frosted one. The
second prize, "a diamond jin." as announced, was
wardeJ to Mr. Harris and Mrs. Garrison, who
were somewhat disappointed when they were
hai.ded a dime and pin. This lodge reported 143
members ai the close of Auguit.
Beacon Light Lodge, lo atid at Pokegama, Sis
klyou county, on the 16th iusi. increased its mem
bership by rive.
:>iisue:oe Lodge of Alvarado conferred the de
grees on two caudidA.es last Wednesday.
Silver J-pray Lo .ge is much p.ea.-eu with its new
. home on .-. Ission street, imar nineteenth.
, »onie of the lodges are organizing drill teams,
._ and these promise to be an interesting feature of
the order.
; The office of Superior Chief of Honor Glnevra
.• Union -Mirier is at V»X9 Washington avenue, m.
Louis, Mo., and that of superior Recorder Mrs.
o Mary A. Tinker Is 417 West Main street, Jackson,
Mich.
"=.._ . ' The Native Sons.
• ' The several parlors of the order have in the
. treasuries money amounting In the aggregate to
, $191,000, an Increase or $9000 during the past
.' year. This, notwithstanding ihe order has during
■ •• fhe year paid out over $32,000 for sick benefits, to
967 .members, is a floe showing of progress and
inability.
.'A number of young men born in Eureka Valley
a . »re preparing a petition with 100 names to send to
. .Grand President Ueeford asking for a charter. .
. . The Invitations arc out for California Parlor's
meeting next Wednesday night, when Grand
„ Trustee «ablchl will pay It a visit. There will be
.. 'an •exemplification of the new ritual in the
presence o: the j;rand officer.,, district deputies
and presidents of the X cai parlors.
.Pa. itic Parlor has issue.i -siibpenaa" for many
Native Sons lo appear in -Paradise Court (not
" • y ey )' in and ' f <"" Pacific Parlor to-morrow night, to
.- lest, fy for one side or tLe other in an action the
nature of which is unknown, agitated by some
•; persons who ■ tuink they are Native Sons of tne
. - Golden West," against "Papa Fitzgerald." The
penalty for a failure to attend is "the tortur ■ of an
extended, tedious and minute relation by bis
•. \V hiskers, Marshal Krastus curgus Forster. of
• his ciaim to direct lineal descent from the lm-
DXMtal warriors and orators of ancient Greece
■. (only one man has survived this ordeal I)" Th ■
••JKume?" 1 '' 0 "' 0 Pari ° iS gOin * *> »yea
V • .The wing names of Native Sons from the
. . interior were registered at the oilice of the grind
. •secretary last week: John-K. McMahon ofMar
- ♦I"™* lhoma Fll Jr. of San Jo*-, 1 X Jj|7kel
• •-. *!•%■"*"& W. H. Kabeof Oakland. M. E. Doyfe
- -of Memo Park. F. D. Ryan of Sacramento! a L
I', t-rson of Hay wards and John U. AiUzaer of Los
. ' *' « . .r ing, ng tn , e paat week Grand Trustee Kablchi paid
• official visits to Mount JJiablo, General VVlun
. A.tamout, Sonoma anu Glen Eliea oarlors. This
makes twenty -one offlc.al visits he has paid since
• the 16th of Angus:, wnen be leu his home 1;! Los
•; : ' FINANCIAL
.CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
. mm . • WHBELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St. Tel. Main 1954.
*%,•*_, BRANCH OFFICE
B2s Market SL, Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5828.
' . I'UIU>Y & ATKINSON Manager*.
. Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
V,. tations. Reference Ist National Bank. S. F.
. CHICAGO. PRIVATE WISE. KK W YORK.
AiiL-eles. He and the grand officers who accom
panied him weri unusually well received by
Mount Diablo I'nrlor, assisted b}- General Wtnn
Parlor.
Ihe Native Daughters.
Grand Secretary Mrs. ueor.;le C. Ryan has re
turned from her vacation, very much iinjiroved In
health, and lias resumed her duties.
San Jose Parlor recently gave a very enjoyable
entertainment, there being a large number pres
ent. There was presented a good h.erary and
musical programme and a surprise. Miss Hen
rietta lleple and Miss Matilda Camp glia sang a
duet; Mis* Amelia Renzle gave a solo; here wa«
a recitation by .Miss Mma Haehulen an.l a reading
by Miss Louise Carlo. Then came the surpr.se. in
the na.ure of a water me. on feasL
on the evening of the 6th of October the mem
bers of Golden State Perlor will give a compli
mentary social in Banquet Hall, Native Sons'
building, on wiiich oicasion the beautiful Ameri
can flag purchased wi h the proceeds of the recent
bazaar will be placed on exhibition. The young
ladies of this parlor are exceedingly patriotic as
well as energetic. Tickets for this event can be
obtained from members.
New parlors are in process of organization at
Woodland and San Diego.
Miss Camplgiia of San Jose Parlor visited Buena
Vista Parlor last I hursd.iy.
Miss M. Benton of Weavervllle has taken np her
residence In this city for several weeks.
MJss Miller of Califra PaWor. Sacramento,
was in this Cliy last wrct.
Lv Esirella Parlor will give a social in ibe Na
tive .^ons' building on the evening of Tuesday,
October 8. A wiue-awake committee has charge
of the emertaiiiment.
Buena Vista Parlor will on the evening of the
7th of October give an entertainment, including
living pictures, in Native Sons' Hall, for the bene
fit of the sicit fund of the parlor. Dancing will
close the entertainment.
Im»roT«d Order of Red Men.
Kiowa Tribe, "the baby" of this reservation, has
received nearly all of its paraphernalia for the
proper adoption of palefaces, as usual, several
palefaces presented themselves last Monday even
ing and* the adoption degree was conferred by the
Osceoia Tribe. Sufficient members ef Klowa Tribe
have a ready signified their intention to become
members of tbe team that will compete for tbe
Great council trophy at Stockton next year. Sev
eral visitors were present from Pohonache, Mon
tezuma and Chippewa tribes.
W. 11. Smith of Grass Valley was in this City
last week visitin? tribes.
California's great representatives have returned
from the Great Council session held in Minneap
o is. From their report it appears that since the
previous Great Council the order has increased
17,348, eight new State councils have been estab
lished, anil now there are Great councils In every
State except Mississippi. The receipts during the
year were $1,195,362, the expenses for the relief
of members $328,457 and for the burial of the
dead 9 82, 355. The vaiue of tribal property w..s
reported at 91,505.503. Tbe California reserva
tion gained its point that the age of membership
be reduced to 18 years. The adoption of the new
ritual went over for one great sun. The next
Great Council will m- heid In I'liiladelphia, and as
that wltl be the fiftieth anniversary of the estab
lishment of the Great Council a great time will be
l:ad. For that purpose $2000 was aei aside. The
clause t'i refuse to receive in the order in future
those who engage in the liquor business was de
feated. A resolution to continue tne system of
allowing tribes to work iv the German language
was defeated, lniu'.ureal. new trii es Instituted
will uave to work in tbe Kngiish language. Those
now working in the German language wiil be per
mitted to continue doing so.
The fol. owing is a list of officers of the new Great
Council: R. T. Daniels of ceorgla, G. 1.; George
E. Green of New Yort, G. S. S. ; K. D. Wiley of
lowa, U. J. s. ; A. H. Paton of Massachusetts. G.
P.; Charles Conlev of Pennsylvania, G. C. of R. :
William Provin of Massachusetts, U. K. of W.:
— . Barney of Khode Island, T. ; C\ S. Brown <>f
Minnesota, M.. and — . Schlessinger of Ohio, G.
of F.
A series of engrossed resolutions have been pre
pared for present, tion to I'asi Great Ha hem Jack
son and a portrait of that official has been placed
in ihe office ot th- sreat ch.»f of records.
All he tribes in the reservation are doing well
and adding to the membership.
A: a social given by Wenonah Council of Sacra
mento Great Pocahomas Mrs. X.ink was pre
sented wi.li a handsome souvenir emblematic of
her second election to the oftic".
Pocahontas - ouncil has adopted a new set of by
laws.
Tbe Daughters of Momezuma Conncll gave a
grand entertainment last Thursday and a fine pro
gramme was present d.
! Foresters or America,
The visitors from the Interior to the grand secre
tary's office last week were B. M. Bury, P. G. ft.
of Court San Jose; William Frank, y. .-s. of Court
Prid» of Col usa; E. H. Quick, D. G. 0. R. of Court
! Butte, Chlco: J. J. Livernagh, P. C. R. of Conrt
I Sotoyome, Ilealdsburg; L. Harris of Court Del
Monte, Monterey; William Hamilton of Court
Paragon, Napa, and W. J. Kledel of Court Capital,
Sacramento.
No definite action ha* yet been taken by the
visiting board as to fixing of dates for official visits.
Several members are of the opinion mat these
visits should be deferred until after the first of the
year so that proper instructions in the new ritual
istic work can be given, the proposed new ritual
going into effect at that time.
Cour: Sutio Heights held its regular meetln? last
Thursday, and two candidates were introduced
into the mysteries of the order, j. L. i-aulkner
waj elec.ed treasurer for the balance of thu year,
vice Joseph Miula, resigned, who is now located at
Anxwiu. Napa County.
The invitailon ball given by Court Sausalito in
i the Pacific Yacht Clubhouse, Sansallto. last
I Wednesday evening was well attended and pro
! nounced a decided success.
j Couri Port <>>» a presented an excellent enter-
I talument to the residents of Port Cost las. Friday
evening. S. L. Waller, grand trustee, ai.d C. jl.
Bremer, grand secretary, spoke briefly on the
merits of the order.
The members of Court Winters are hustlers and
lnifations have been of frequent occurrence In the
pust, but during the coming quarter tt is th'lr in
tention no to let a single reeling pass without at
least two initiations.
Court <'Oi<ien r.agle's quarterly social last Saur
day evening was well attended.
Dr \V. A. Weldou, G. J. , . of this jurisdiction,
recen.ly visiied Court Lib-rty in sun Bernardino
and Court Citrus in .Riverside.
Companions ot the Forest.
Mrs. SI. A. iMike, grand chief companion, will,
on her return from the southern portion of tbe
State, visit Stockton Circle in »to k ton, October 6.
and bouora Circle in Honora, October 9.
Ancient Order of Foresters-
Court Excelsior will give an entertainment and
dance In Social Hall. Foresters' building, on
the occasion of its sixth anniversary, on the 13th
inst.
The following-named member* of the order from
the interior were visitors at the ollice of i he per
manent secretary last week : A. 1,. It or why, P. C.
R, of i ouri Toma es; J. P. Lacerda of court Es
trella of sau l.afael.
Phillips, the tiki or, who attempted suicide, was
not a member o: the Ancient Order of Foresters,
but of the Forests rs of a merica.
Court Modoc No. 8529 wr.s instituted at Eagles
ville, Modoc County, by Organizer M. P. Light on
the V!d inst. i i:e foiiowinc-nanied are the otlicers'
8. T. Kistler, P. c. R.J Lewiss Gill. C. *.; E. Jj'
Gray, S.C. R.; F. Adams. T.; H. K. Powers, F. Ji.-
W. A. Brown, It. S. : W. \V. Mcfonnick, .S. U.
\V. K. j-.oberts, J. W. ; Charles Vaugim, s. B.; J
W. J B. ; Dr. J. T. Mereditn, physician-
Eli McCarthy, J. F. liornback a;id J. G. 1 laser
trustees; *'. A. Sawteile, Wl.liam ilickle and K.
N. Jaquisb, auditors.
Companions ot the Forest.
Foyal Circle had a very pleasant reunion last
Weduesday evening, and it was largely attended.
An interesting programme was presented.
Enterprise Circie inMaied seven candidates at
the meeting held iasi neck.
California Circle is making preparations for an
anniversary celebration some time in October.
Independent Order of Foresters.
Last Thursday evening Court Mission tendered
arecep. ion to High Chief Ranger McElfresh in its
hall on Seventeenth street The occasion was
made one for tbe presen:a lon of an entertaining
literary and musical programme, under the direc
tion of W. A. Taisen, who acquitted himself re
markabiy well. During the evening the visitor
delivered a short address winch attracted a great
deal of auentlon. The programme included "The
Iranip Musicians," by Jack Tais-n ana Jack
IJathwell; impersonation* of well-known actors
by Edward Burrows; fancy dance, Sliss Mamie
McCartv; vocal solo, Miss fc-lia Lo .lan (violon
cello obllxato. K. H. Howell); dialect recitation
KoDert bchafft: vocal to o, Miss Jennie Nlcholsen."
Dancing followed. Th« whole, got up by J
Gardner, P. M. Kemp and E. K. Northrup was
very much enjoyed.
Court Diana is still urogresslng and recelvlnc
new members at every meeting. It proposes to
give the o. her courts a run for tee banner.
The hish chief ranger is visiting the various
courts, ob.ai/n.ig data for his report to be pre
sented at the High Court session iv San Jose next
month.
The high chief ranger paid a visit to Court Wild
wood recently and found It in a flourishing condi
tl v with a membership of 103. During nls visit
a district meeting was neld at which he delivered
an address ou the work of the order which ex
cited a great deal of inrerest
Independent Order of B'ne B'rlth.
At a meeting of Adler No. 1, of the Youth's
Auxiliary last Thursday night, ;the seventeen
year-old son of J. 1_ Franklin, president of the
hali association was initiated, in the presence of a
large number of persons. After the ceremony the
father invited those present to a collation got
up In honor of tbe event.
Next Wednesday evening Columbia Lodge will
give a festival and ball la B B. Iial! in honor of
Siniches-Tora (t.iehandinß down oi the ten com
mandments), Hie last of iherearlr Hebrew observ
auces. Tne commiti. .- of *rranjnnueata con.-isis
of lgnatz Kppen sheinvT, J. H. Hoyman, H Les
ser, H. Newman and Ch:ine*\\ ••stheinier
On last Saturday the v-nious lodges of thhj
juiisdiciiun seni congratulatory telegrams to
Julius Betu of New Yor* City, president of the
Constitution (iru.na Lodge, an office he bus held
tor many years. The occasion was the seventieth
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1896.
anniversary of his birth and the thirtieth of his
connection with the grand bo>iy. The lodges of
New York tendered him a banquet.
Oraer of Chosen Friends.
District Deputy Hartley of Sacramento an
nounces that he has every hope of organizing a
new council at E k i-rove, Sacramento County.
Sacramento Council Is making rapid strides. On
the 9th inst It received sixteen propositions.
Grand Connci or Boehm and Grand Recorder
Wallis pail a visit to the council in Nevada City
last I uesday and were greeted by a large attend
ance. There was great entlmsUsm over the ex
planation of the Morse equalization plan.
A new round will be organized in Chioo next
monrh.
TM.- council at Grass Valley was visited last
Monday by the grand ouuncilor i nd grand re
corder.
There was a crush at the Joint open meetln.', en
tertainment and social of Kvans, sunset a.id Olive
Branch councils in Alcazar building last Friday
nigh!. An excellent programme was presented
and a pleasant, Interesting evening was spent.
The fourth of the n eetings arranged by the
grand counci or will be held in the hall of Samari
tan counci on the 7th of Ociober. It is expected
that there will be several initiations thai night.
W. K. Gibson, supreme trustee, will be the princi
pal speaker.
Knights of Honor.
A very concise circular explaining tbe Dew plan
of assessments recently adopted by the Supreme
Lod cc, aid which goes Into effect on the Ist of Oc
tober, and answering many questions fully, has
been issued by Grand Dictator Archibald, and It is
highly rommen led by a 1 who have seen it.
Ivy Lodije was visUed last Friday nUhi by
Grand I'eporter Johnstone, who gave a talk on the
subject of tbe new plan of assessments. A. K.
Kippn, D. D., addressed the meeting on tbe pros
pects under the new condition of affairs. .
Last Monday Liberty Lodge was visited by Dep
uty summers and the grand reporter. One appli
cation was received. The same night Yerba
Buena was visited by Deputies Klnps and Sum
mers. One application was received. This lodge
will give a social in tbe near future.
on last Wednesday evening Grand Reporter
Johnstone, Grand Guide learned and Deputies
summers anu Kipps paid occidental Lodge a visit
and a very Interesting session was held. Mr. Abra
hamson and J. li. Martin, tbe financial reporter,
addressed the meeting, the last named talking on
tt aternal insurance. At its meeting last Thursday
night Foriuna Lodne had a number of visitors.
The members of this lodge are anxious that the
election should be over so that a number of candi
dates who are now kept away by politics may be
initiated.
Thursday next the grand trustees and the Grand
Lodge nuance committee will meet in joint ses
sion in the oilice of the grand reporter.
1 he grand dictator visited Mary»vtlle Louge last
week, and he then visited California and Unity
lodges iv Sacramento. <>ood work for the order is
being done in sacramento.
>.ran.i Dictator Archibald will address Yerba
Buena I.odce to-night on the subject of the new
plan of assessment, fie will also talk of the recent
legislation had by the Supreme Lodge.
Knights and Ladles of Honor.
Grand Trustee Enni H. Bourgulgnon and H. C.
Trephagan of San Jose were in this City last week.
The fifth anniversary ball given by Yerba Buena
Lodge last Wednesday evening in San Jose was a
decided social success.
The membership on tbe Ist of last July was
81,826.
The propagating committee offers prizes to those
Knigh'.s and ladies who will Increase the member
shi], but no p emtums will be paid for hose over
40 years of age.
John S. Anderson, appointed to fill a vacancy In
the Supreme Lodge committee caused by the death
of Z. M. Hubbeil. has been an active member of
tbe order since 1880.
Assessments 444 and 445 have been levied and
will be delinquent on October 31.
The National Union.
Last Tuesday evening Golden Gate Conncll ad
mitted eight candidates to membership, and this
was followed by an open meeting which was at
tended by a number of invited guests. The pro
gramme Included a reci-.ation by a. A. BrU'gs, a
whistling so.o by Miss Cordia Wetjen, remarks by
James E. Fiola, president of the council, a duet by
.he Mi -ses Augusta Jantzen and Lulu Lewis aid
a tenor solo by Henry Goldsmith. Then dancing
followed. A. A. Brigßs presided and each con
tributor to the programme won much applause and
responded with a u.ea-aru encore. The music was
under the leadership of Professor A. sichel, and
under the supervision of Norman Arter an excel
lent collation was served.
Jr. Order United American Mechanics.
There was a union meeting of the councils of
Los Angeles in the hall of Council No. 6 last Mon
day which was largely attended, and thwe were
many Interesting addresses made.
Deputy state Councilor Bellenger Is In Downey,
organizing a new council.
The orphans' Home at Tiffin, 0., Is now In oper
atiou and receiving parentless children. There are
fifteen there at this time.
The membership of the order In the State of
Pennsylvania is 85,000. The benefits paid In that
State during the fiscal year endin; June 30
amounted to $197,920. The value of the property
owned by the councils in that state is $1,000,000.
State Vice-Councilor Griffiths is expected here
soon.
Knights of the Golden Kagle.
California Castle visited Golden Gate Castle last
Monday, and there was a pleasant time and inter
change of ldea<. Golden Gate Castle will pay a
reiurn visit to California Castle on the 11th of No
vember. The degree team of Golden Gate has
sent a challenge to California for a competition on
that evening.
Ti.e "evenlnc at home" of Alpha Temple last
riday night was avt "' n — i T and
Ihecreat number of people who attended it were 1
highly delighted.
Cai fornta Castle will give an old-time nodal hop
In the Native Sons' building next Thursday even
ing.
1). N. Henna, D. D. G. C. at L., is making ar
rangements for the organization of a new cesile at
Grass Valley. There is some talk of organizing a
castle at Capay, Yolo County.
Young Men's Institute.
Columbia Council will give an entertainment
durine the month of October, and the following
committee has >>c -n appointed to take charge of
the affair; Frank K. Mulion -y, T. F. llarney, J.
J. Dillon, William O'Connell, D. J. Sheehan. This
council has elected T. J. Barry to fill a vacancy
ou the • xecutivi committee.
Pioneer Council has called for a committee of
three from eacn local council :o meet with it for
the purpose of discussing a plan for the relief of
those in need of it.
The board of presidents will meet to-morrow.
The" Rev. Father Yorke paid a v.slt on Sunday,
the VOth, :o Washington Council and delivered a
short address.
Royal Arcanum.
Argonaut Council, which has moved into new
quarters in the Shiels building and now < ccuples
l.asiern Hall, will stive an old-time smoker to Its
friends this evening. Go den West Cou.icll has
been ill v ; i> a and the indications are that there
will be ajoity time.
li. C. H. -andy of Brooklyn Council and Mr.
Da"il. a member of one of the New York councils,
were present at the last held meeting of Argonaut
Coundl Tiese peutlemen have expressed a de-
Mr- to transfer. Past Recent S;one and Treasurer
Cover of <;o den West Council were a so visitors
ai tliat meeting.
So irrt-at was the demand for new constitutions
thot an extra number hail to be printed.
I heo L. Hall, who bas just returned from an ex
tended business trip was nresent at the last held
meeting of . rgoraut council.
i be following are the officers of Golden West
Council, instituted on the 11th Inst.: Reinhold
Stone, P. X.l Thomas Banks. R.; James W. Dis
brow, V. R-: Thomas G. Hod skins, o.; Henry
<Jrundel, b. ; Rober: W. Manland, C-: J. A.
Clover, T.; H. H. McDonald, chaplain; Charles E.
i-tOkt-S, G.; Wl'ilam t\ Deifneler, W: William
M. Young, b. This council will meet on the sec
ot'd and fourth Fridays in Native Sons' Hall,
since the nr t meeting a number of applications
have been received and the prospects are that this
council, which will Initiate the Candida es next
Friday, will be a very prosperous one.
W. F. Blehdon, who for a long time has been
s.cretarv of the Han Francisco Whist Club, is tak
ing a very active part ou behalf of the Arcanums.
Ladies of the Grand Army.
This evenlns Seven Pines Circle will at Mi
monthly social reunion give a t male party in
Native Sons' building. There will be a good pro
gramme and tenetag.
I he circie is j reparing lor the annual campfire
to be lit on the 29t I of October, tor the benefit of
the circle's relief fund, which as years roll on has
greater demands made upon it by the old soldiers
whocan no longer depend on the'lr own exertions
to support themselves.
Knights of the Maccabees.
The local t'-nts of tbe order of tbe Maccabees
will this evening tender a reception to Los An
eeles degree teams In Union Square Hall. It Is
expected that this will be an unusual event in
tbe history of tae order.
The United World
At a meeting of German Council No. a of the
Untied World held last Tuesday In Alcazar build-
Ing, there was a resolution adopted denying the
charge that money received rom members had
been misappropriated. The statement was made
that the i uai«es emanated from certain parties
with a grievance, ana that ihe charges had no
exigence in fact. It was also stated that the
money received by Mr. Brooks was not for incor
poration but for books and supplies.
Not to Walk In.
An American in England, who had
bought a pair of shoes of a fashionable
dealer, carried them back soon with a
protest.
"Look herei" he said, "I've had these
shoes only two weeks and they are com
pletely out of shape and the leather ia
giving away in two places."
Tne Englishman looked at the shoes an
instant. "Dear me! dear me!" he said.
"You have been walking in those shoes?
That's it, sir! Our shoes are made only
for carriage people, hir!"
And the dealer loftily bowed the Ameri
can out or the shop.— Canadian Shoe and
Leather Journal.
RYAN DISCOURSES
ON ROMANISM
Declares He Has Always
Believed in Religious
Liberty.
CHURCH AND NATION.
Talks of "Romanized Protestant
ism" and Asks "What Shall
Be the Remedy?"
QUITZaWS CAUTIOUS REMARKS.
Not Ready to Announce the Policy of
the American Protective
Association.
Chairman Qnltzow, in his opening re
marks before tue Good Citizenship meeting,
held at Metropolitan Temple yesterday
afternoon, said that in due time the polit
ical policy of the American Protective
Association would be announced. There
was no need to hurry, he said, because
when the policy was finally defined it
would be so emphatic as to at once attract
the attention of all good citizens.
"A Romanized Protestantism— What
Shall Be the Remedy?" was the subject
selected by Major T. C. Ryan, the regular
speaker for the occasion. He prefaced his
remarks by saying that he believed in per
fect religious liberty in whatever form it
might come, whether as Methodist, Bap
tist, Presbyterian or Catholic. Con
tinuing on this line, he said amon^: other
things:
Our original immigrants to this country
brought with them tne principles oi Protest
antism, mingled quite a little with the intol
erant principles of Romanism, and because of
the habits oi thought formed by them while
under the dominion oi Romanism they mani
fested to some extent iuioierance upon these
shores, but when the lest came they entered
heartily into the establishment of a govern
ment guaranteeing the highest civil and re
ligious liberty. They at once gave up their
intolerance in order to make sure the triumph
of Protestantism in its most comprehensive
sense.
Protestantism is not a religion that recog
nizes its own system of faith and excludes all
others. It is only a form of Christianity.
There is not a church in the world to-day that
has the right to say ••We are a Protestant
church," but raiher we are the fruits of Prot
estantis-m. In its proper signification Protest
antism embraces everything springing from
the Reformation — that is, ail principles, civil
and religious, have their buth in that great
movement.
Guizoisays: "The leading cause of tbe ne
formation was a sudden effort made by the
human mind to achieve its liberty; a great in
surrection oi human intelligence." It had to
contend against everything in church and
Slate that put a restraint on liberty. It saved
religion by separating it from the corruptions
of tne Papacy. Wherever and whenever free
thought, free speech and free pret-s auound it
is exclusively of Protestant origin. The de
struction of Protestantism means the destruc
tion of these rights.
I believe in the Son of God, and yet I believe
God has given me a modicum of common
sense and capability to understand some
things in the Holy Word, whose power and in
fluence Rome seeks to uc»iroy. It is purely an
American Idea, emblazoned in the Declaration
of Independence, that "Government derives
its just powers from the consent of the gov
erned." And that, too, is the Bible doctrine,
couched in the s tatemen t "The powers that be
are ordained of Uod." This does not mean the
persons whom we place in power, but the
powers that are lodged in the person.
The patriotism of our fathers must not be
impugned by any class who are in the posseu
sion of a "zeal without knowledge, or who are
the slaves of mere sentlmentalism." These
God-inspired men when they were construct
ing our iorm of Government gave not only the
Deity himself, but the peopie, a home in their
hearts, and with tliese they commenced. See
their wisdom in drafting the constitution.
They framed it so that religion can never be
made a lest in the authority of the Govern
ment. No government can of any right as
sume any responsibility in matters of religion.
It is written "every knee shall bow to mo,"
"every tongue shall confess to God." Does
that mean that ] can delegate you to bow and
confess and account to me? Away with such
nonsense, for it is but another scheme by
which the ecclesiastical experts seek, to subor
dinate me civil power.
Ihe men who. founded our Government
placed themseives on the height overlooking
ihe battlefields of the world, and counted the
multitudes that had gone down in blood under
the various forms of ecciesiusticism. and when
they had finished the count of 50,000.000 that
had gone to death under papal oppression
alone, they closed the pages of record and Bald :
Religion is a mutter between man and his God;
we will establish here a Government in which
every man shall have the liberty of worsnip.
ing God according to the dictates of his own
conbcience, and no man shall molest or make
him afraid.
MACCABEES MEET.
A Public Reception To-Night Will Opeii
Their First California Con
vention.
"fhe first California convention of the
Maccabees, a fraternal insurance order
similar to the Foresters, will be held in
this City for three days, beginning to
night with a free public reception and en
tertainment at Union-square Hall.
Four high oilieials of the order from
Tent Number 2, L a Angeles, arrived here
last night an i tootc apartments at tbe Lick
House. They are Charles A. Luckenbacb,
general deputy supreme commander for
Southern California, who is also City Clerk
of Los Angeles; John Spiers, C. J. Walters
and Fred Anthony, and together they con
stitute what is known as tne degree te.im.
To-morrow and Wednesday nights, wi:en
the local members of the urder will meet
in Washington Hall in secret session, this
team will exemplify to them tbe most ap
proved manner of performing the initia
tory ceremony.
They have brought with them what is
said to be the finest and most elaborate
regalia in the 0.-der, and what members of
other secret societies have pronounced
probably the finest of any lodge on the
Pacific Coast.
The Maccabees were first organized in
1878 in Canada, and now have a total
membership in America ol 245,000. About
3000 of these are in California. In Los
Angeles there are six "teats" or lodges,
the original one now having a member
ship of over 600, making it the third
largest a tent" in the world. San Fran
cisco has five tents. Tne object of the
public meeting to-night is to convince
more people of the advantages of the or
der.
It has been estimated that the total
number ot persons attending Sunday
schools throughout tbe world cannot be
less than 18,000,000, with about 2,000,000
teachers.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Septkmbkb, 1896.
Mo.
Tu.
W.
|Th.
I Fr -
Sa.
Moon's Phases
—
1
a
•
4
5
jCb New Moon.
S«pu 7.
—
7
8
•
10
11
»
'"■\\Firti Quarter
V^ Sept. 13. !
I
U
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
; ""^
,v?* Full Moon.
V 2/ :.Sept.-21.
/7*M<ut Quarter.
bept. 29.
27
•28
29
30
npianation.
The arrow fliss with th* wind. The top figure*
»t station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath It, If any, the amount of
ralnratl, ol melted snow In Inches and hundredths,
(luring the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; i«o-
Iherms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hlrh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usaally accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
M lx>ws" usually first appear on the WashlnutoD
coast. When the pressure is high Id the Interior
and low along the coas;, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" la Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmet
weather may be expected in summer and coidet
Weather in winter. The reverse of thes* conditions
•rui produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Dkpaetmkjtt of Aobicuit
TtrKE, WKATHKB Bureau, San Fbancisco, Sept.
'27, iß9ti, b i". m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 68, Red Bluff 90, San Francisco 62,
Fresno 94, San Luis Oblspo 74, LosAngeies 76,
San Diego 70, Yuma 102.
>an Francisco data — Maximum temperature 62,
minimum 64, mean 58.
An area of high pressure is central to-night
over the Rocky Mountain and plateau rezion.
The pressure has risen slightly along the coast of
California. It has fallen over Oregon and Wash
ington.
The temperature has risen over Utah, northern
Nevada and greater portion of the northern dis
tricts. It has f Allen slightly along the coast of
California from San FrancUco to Los Angeles.
There has been an Increase in cloudiness over
central California and eastward into Nevada.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. September 28, 1896:
Northern California— Cloudy Monday In the
morning, fair in the afternoon: warm weather;
fresh westerly winds; fog On the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy Monday; warmer
on the coast; light westerly winds.
Nevada— Monday: warmer in western
portion.
Utah— Fair Monday: warmer In northern por
tion.
a rizona— Fair Monday.
Sao Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Monday
morning; fair the rtst of the day: warmer; fresh
westerly winds.
Alexander G. Me a DIE,
'■_ Local c'orecas Oincial.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure From San Francisco.
BTKAMKR | DESTINATION. |
SAILS.
| PIER.
City Sydney Panama. S«>pt2B,]2 m flld S
Coos Bay — Newport Sept 2B. 9am Pier LI
Weeoit t:el Hiver ~epr-9. 9a* Pier li
Corona san Dtej;o..... SeptSO.llAU Plerll
sine or Portland septan. lUam Pier 21
boric China & Japan -ept3o, Spjf PMBB
Hanoi Grays riaroor sep;3O,l'J « Pier i
Pomona.... UumboldtHay sept3O, .'2ru Pier 9 i
City Puebla Vie A Pgt Snd Oct 1, 9am Pier 9
Eureka rfewport Oct. 2, Situ Pier 11
Arago. Coos Bar. Oct 2. ID am Pier 13
Empire Oregon ports. . Oct, 3. 6pm Pier 13
True too .... Coos Bay Oct 3, 2pm Pier 8
bant a Rosa. Ban Diego Oct 4.11 am Pier LI
Columbia... Portland net ' B.lOam Pier
Farallon.... Ynq'iln-t Bar. Oct 6. V»AM|Hi(»r J
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
NTKAJIKB
From
Duk
Corona. sau Diego.
Bun Benlto. ITacoma
SuiiOl I Grays Harbor
Pomona llumboldt Bay.
Crescent, City... Crescent City
Eureka . Newport.
Progressist Departure Bay
A i ago Coos Bay
Aztec Honolulu
Newsboy Tiltamoolc
Mackinaw 'racoma M
Truckoe .... Coos Bay
San Bias Panama
Columbia Portland
Santa Kosa San Dleco _
Emplrb Portland
Walla Walla... Victoria *. PueetSonnd
China..'.... China and Japan.
Karallon Yaquina Bay
Wecott Eel River
Coos Bay .Newport. .. .". . .
Arcata Portland
Aiiceßlanchard Oregon ports
North Font .... Iliimboldi 8av....!.!!"
..Sept 28
..Sept 'IH
..Pepi i! 8
..Bept -19
..sept 29
..sept 30
..Sept 30
..wept 30
..Sept 30
..uct 1
..Oct 1
..Oct 1
..Oct 1
..oct a
..Oct 2
..Oct 2
..Oct ■!
..Oct 2
..Oct 8
..Oct 3
..Oct 4
..Oct 4
..Oct 4
..Oct 6
SUN,MOON AND TIDE.
r. s. Coast and Geodetic Sitbvky Ttd»">
Bn LKTIS iVBLISHKD BY OFFICIAL >
Authority of thk skpebixtkn dint, j
Monday, September 28.
Bun rises ; .......8.041 Moon rises 9.36pm
Sunsets 6.57|M00n8et5.......
September- 1890.
llliZ^ Feetili^ Feetlli^l Feet Tlmfl Feet
f. H W ,L w H\V L~W
29 7.00
30 7.50
i. W
1 0.42
. 2 1.38
3 :-.'«
4 3.14
B.l> 8.44 3.H a. 35 ~
8.9 9.55 3.7 3.37
4.3 11. 'J4 3.8 5.08
UW L W
0.6 a3O 4.7 12.48
0.4 8.59 6.0 1.56
0.4 8.27 5.2 2.68
0.6 9.56 ».."> 3.43
6.4 1 10. 40 078"
5.3 11. 4.' 0.6
6.0
H W
3.5 6.40 5.3
3.0 7.55 6.3
2.4 V.OO 5.5
1.7 9.55 6.6
JNOTK-In th« above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in th« left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or ri~ht
band column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
•ccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
K»f^' cx <? p whe a mlnn9 8l « n <-> Precedes th.
height, and then the number given is subtractlve
from the depth given by the charts- BUOlrac " T «
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
SUNDAY. September 27.
Stmr Noyo. Levlnson. 14 hours from Fort Bragg:
pass and mdse, to J S Kirn ball.
Stnrr City of Puebla, Debney, 67% hours from
Victoria and Pnget Sound ports; pass and mdse, to
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Greenwood, Carlson. 12 hours from Mon
terey: lumber, to L E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Caspar, : Anflndsen. 45 hours from San
Pe<lro; ba.tu.-it, to Caspar Lumber Co.
Br strar Keremont Castle. Valentine. .24 aays
from Kobe: mlw. to Balfour, Guthrle * Co.
Stmr Albion, Lundquist, '20 hours from Needle
Rock:<2sJcd» hark. .0 J a Kimball. - '
Br S;rutline3s, Durdin, '28 days from Yoko
hama, via Moroi an 21 days: ballast, to Balfour
Gu: hrle it Co. . - '
Stmr Gipsy. Leland 20 hours from Moss Landing
etc: produce, to Goodall. Perkins <fe Co.
SchrKtta B. Bourne. 12 hours from Fort Ross;
25 bxs butter, to Ross <& Hewlett. .
Schr Bobolink. Nelson. 2 days from Meado
cino: 215 M ft lumber, to Mendoctno Lumber Co.
Schr Mary Bid well, Wilson, 6 days from Coqullle
River; 110 M it lumber, to*" Kronen here.
Schr C T Hill, Rudbach, 8 days from Grays Har
bor: 203 M ft lumber, to F X Wood Lumber Co
1 Schr Joseph and Henry, Christiansen, a days
from Coquiiie River; ibO tons coal and 70 Mft
lumber, 10 Black Bear Coal Co. .
Sailed.
■_" J SUNDAY, September 27.
Btmr Cleone. Johnson, rißrfly creek.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nicholson, Moss Landing.
Ship Levl G l.oniess. Younssren.
Ship Co umbia. Nelson, Departure Bay.
' Brship ElUslaad. Garrlock. Queenstown.
Br ship Hollinwood, Kidd, Hull. ■ -
Brship Jordanhili. Taylor. Dunkirk.
.Br ship Wasdale. Fisher, London. ■
: .Bark Mohican, Saunders. Honolulu.
Schr Premier Wagner. Karluk. ' ■
- fecnr J M Colman. Treanor, Sitks, • {
lelegraphlc. M
POINT LOBOS. SeDt. 27-10 p. M.— Weather
tog»y: wind'SW: velocity 12 miles. , " Bl " u "'r
Domestic Ports.
ALBION-Satled Sept 27-Stmr Scotia, for San
r ranclsco.
MtNDOCINO— Arrived Sept 27-Stmr Point
Arena, hence Sept 26.
{o^^EKA-Sailed Sept 27-Bktn Uncle John.
Arrived Sept 27-U S stmr Monadnock, hence
bfc'pi -6.
PORT BLAKE LEY -Sailed Sept 25-Schr Se
qtioia, for »an Francisco. 27-Ger ship Coiambus,
for Plymouth.
DE VILBISS LANDING- Arrived Sept 27-SQhr
Barbara llernsier. hence Sept 26.
ROCKPORT — a! leu Sept 27-Stmr Bouth Coast
for San Kmnclsco.
GREEN WOOD-Sailed Sept 36-:Stmr Whites
boro, for Point Arena.
TACOMA-Sailed Sept . 27— Bark TUal Wave,
for Sati Francisco.
SEATTLE- Arrived Hept 26— Stmr Prbgreso,.
hence Sept 23. • .
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Sept 27-Schr Bertha Dol
beer, for Eureka.
Arrived Sepi 27— Schr Helen N Kimball, from
Tacoma.
COOS BAY— Arrived Sept 27— Stmr Arago, hce
Sept 25.
COQUILLE RlVEß— Arrived Sept 27— Schr
Moro, hence Sept 23.
Movements of Trans-Atlantic Steamers.
.vi-:\v YORK— Arrived sept 27— Stmr La
Bretaene, from Havre.
HAVRE— Arrived out Sept 27— Stmr .La
Touraine.
QUEENSTOWN -Sailed Sept 27— Stmr Cam
pania, or New York.
DOVER— Passed Sept 27— Stmr Schiedam, from
Amsterdam for New York.
Importations.
FORT BRAGG— Per Noyo-1 pc casting. 1 bale
rags. 2 bxs S9 odls hides, 2 bdls pelts, 255,810 ft
lumber. 'JOO M shingles.
SEATTLE— Per City of Puebla— l bx fruit. 3 es
books, -0 pc household goods, 1 bx piano, 6 bbjs •£
kegs 59 bxs fish, 1 whalebone, 1279 bxs svga . 10
pk«s express, 207% tons coal, 1 pkg hardware, 7
cs dry goods. 1 cs wallpaper. 7 bxs 15 bbls 1 bdl
metal, 4 cs clothing. 35 bdls hides, I*2o sks oats. 1
cs dru s. 52 sks bone*. 1 roll carpet, 3 pkgs mdse.
-Vi bbls wine, a sks 1 bale zinc, 4 bis lamps. 25
25 sks tails. ■
Victoria— 23 hides, 16 bdls pelts, 1 sealed bag, 1
chest, 180 bdls hides.
Seattle v.a lireat N Ry— 2so sks Hour, 458 cop
per slates.
Port Townsend— l bx personal effects, 1 sealed
bag, 5 sks coin.
Kast of Fargo via Tacoma— 44 cs machinery. 5
C 8 shoes, 6 pkgs radse, 1 crate dry goods, 2 cases
gum, '2 bbls cordage, 4 bxs fish.
Semlahmoo— 3 bxs machinery. 72(54 cs salmon.
Tacomu. west or Fargo— 22s sks fla.x, 167 bales
400 sks flour, 41 0 sks w neat. 2179 sks Club
wheat, 1 bx patterns, 5 bdU pelts, 24 bdis hides.
Tacoma- 2800 sks bran, 1 bx dry goods, 1 case
elc-t goods, S cs mm water, 800 bars bullion.
Ev rett-500 Kegs nails, 700 bars bullion, 632
bdls paper.
New Whatcom— 209 ska oats, 1 cs dry goods.
Vancouver— 125 bbls sugai, 605 pkgs paper. 10
cs dry goods. 7cs hosiery, 50 crts wheels. 55 cs
cigarettes, 104 cf tob.icco, 4 bxs pianos, 100 bags
cocoa beans, 10 cs boots and shoes.
A nacortes— H960 sks oats.
SANTA CRUZ -Per Oipsy-23 bxs apples, 800
bbis lime. Va cs eggs. 2 bxs butter.
Moss Landing— B3B sks rolled oats, 1852 sks
pota oes,
Soquel— 2 bblsaDples. 500 reams 416 rolls 40
bdls paper, 80 bxs apples. 2 cs c upty bottles.
Pigeon Poim— 4 bxs butter, 50 sks beans, 10 bxs
cheese.
Amesport— S9 sks peas,2 sks beans.loo sks oats,
210 sks barley.
KOBE-Per Egremont Castle-3500 bags rce,
dso half-chests 20 1 chests tea. 4712 rolls matting,
'JO cs curios, 4cs paperware. 14 rolls samples, 8
pkgs mdse, 11 rolls carpels.
Consignees.
Per City of Pnebla— Bisslngrer* Co; C S Malt- A
Sullivan: Wells, Fargo & Co; H W Hlitgins &Co;
Selby Smelting and Lead Co: T Gavini- King-
Hicharason Pub Co; American Union Fish Co; J
A Da vies: Q Camilloni <fc Co; Inguglia * Co; W G
Hinton: Milani&Co; A Paladini: Oregon Imp Co-
Delafield, McUovnrn & Co; J Hendy Mach-ne Co:
Louis Taussift 4 Co; Lowenberg <fe Co; N Ho^an-
M O Crocker; Murphy, Grant & Co; H Dutsru; S
LBruudase: Manuel. I'ur-ch <fe Co: O P Down
ing; Eckerly & Co; J X Amisby & Co; Pac Bone
A Fer. Co; Pn.-servaline Mig Co: siuaer Mfj; Co
s Lichtenstein: T Fusenot; J M Su ter; A Lester
* Co: American Import Co; Amer Press Assn: C
Ii Worden & Co: Hoesch L tmp Co: Bernstein
Bros: Chas Harley <fc Co: C Schilling <S Co- Duff
<fe Co; E C Dally; F G Surewsbur.v: Fred Ho mes
<fcCo; Getz Bros <t Co: H M Lambert; Hoffman,
Rothscilld <fc Co; Hyams. Brown A Co: Jtallan
twlss Colony: Hawley Bros; C P Nathan & Co
ll Vogler; J Ho. -y. Rothschild & Co; Harry Unna
Co; Alaska Packers' Assn; Adams Bros; Kittle
& Co; Allen & Lewis; Butterick Pub Co; Castle
.Bros; G Morse; Herman Waideck<& co: Pac (iraln
Co: Moore, Ferguson & Co; Geo Morrow & Co: C
Solomon; Dunham. Carrigan A Co; j s Graham-
W G Richardson: Ulake, Mottif A, Towne; order-
C H Vauking; F Toplltz <fc Co: Uen Klect Co: J H
A Co; Abramson. Huuui.ich & Co:
JB Masu; American Tobacco Co; BCur.az; b
Ghirardeili & Co; Buckingham, HechtA Co: G M
Josselyn: Cahn, Nickelaburg <fc Co; Wakefleld
Rattan Co.
PertJlpsy-HDutard Thomas Loughran; Union
Paper Co: Marshall, Teggart A Co: Wolf A Son:
Jonas Erlanger: L G Sresovich <Sb Co ; G R Starr
<fe Co; Murray* Steinhagen; H coweli Jt Co: M H
Liciitensiein; Dairymen's Union: O B Smith <& Co;
A Galll Fruit Co: Brigham, Hopoe i Co: order;
E R Stevens & Co: Nieman <fc Co; Mlnaker <fc
Weibanks; Anglo-California Bant; Parrott & Co-
A W Fink <fc Co: G H Card.fl; M J Brandensteln
<fc Co.
Per Noyo-Hooker <fc Co; W B Snmner <$; Co: J
Snlda; Miller, Sloss & Scott: Neville A Co; Union
Lumber Co; Mcl'herson & Rucker; Calitornia Saw
Works.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPAS?
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM £kg*
O Uroadway wharf, San Francisco. asJaHSK
follows: - ' ' • *•
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Juneau, KII-
-llsnoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. M., Sept. 11, 38.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New W. atcom (Bellinebam Bay, Wash.). 9 a m.
Sept. 1, 6, 11, 18, 21, i! 6, and every nfth day there
after, connecting at Vancouver with th« C. P. B»
R., at Tacoma wi;h N. P. R. 1:., at Seattle with O.
K. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For l.ureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bay) str. Pomona 2 p. m., Sept. 2; 6, 10, 14,
18. '-'2, 18, 30. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon- Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), uaviota, SanU
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Sept. 4. 8. 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Oblspo), -anta Barbara, Port Los An-
teles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. m. Sept, 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San Joie del Cabo. M&r.atlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer 1 rizaba, 10
A. M. 26th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents,
i 10 Market St.. San l>anclaca
THEO. R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMER^ TO
PORTLAN ID
From Bpear-street Wharf, at 10 >. m.
IT A T?TT,I* l! 8 Fi Mt-class ■> Including
X 1 J.V-LJ\s ( ; Second-class /berth A meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia .Sept. 16, 25. Oct. 5, 16
State of California Sept. 20, 30, Oct. 10, 20
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applca-
llOQ tO
F. F. CONNOR. Gene-al Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL." PERKINS & CO., Superintendents
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f% days to
HAWAII. SAMOA, f^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, BB •*
AUSTRALIA. \JS.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. MARIPOSA sails Via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, October
15. at 2 p. m.
a S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. October 20. at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN.
South Africa. >* "• -
J. D. SPRECKELB & BROS. CO.. Agents,
II; Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco.
(MPAGSIE GENERAL TEUSITLIITI(UI
French Line to Havre.
I SPIER(NEW),42 NORTH jpt-M.
\J River, foot of Morton st. I ravelirs by «xsi£jgj
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York :o Alexandria, Kgypt, via Paris,
first-class $16.i; second-class. $116.
LA BRETAGNE ;...Oct> 3,7 a.m.
LA CHAMPAGNE Oct. 10,3 a m
LATOURAINE .....Oct. 17. 6 a. m!
LA BOURHOOSK Oct. 24 1 p it
LA GABCOGNE Oct. 31,6 a." it.
*§" Fqr further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
• No. 3, Bowling Green, New Yoric' - .
J. F. FTTGAZI A C 0... Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. . . f
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.. *
At 6 P. M. "W/^lfnliyU received up
tS~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone,
Ihe only line making through rates on Valla*
Road freight. - »«»»*r
■••* ■- STKAMBKv,;
T. C. Walker, J. D. Pa**™
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cai. May. and lm" (Jo
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COfIPAHI.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL jrpj«a_ '
fortnightly for the West .Indies and <^Sa3
Southampton, calling en route at CerbourgS,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers
p Throueh i} ) c c ! 0 /. lading, in connection with th«
Pacific Mail & S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports hi England and Germany.
Throueh tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
SSL Ut & am s tOn C First class, 195: third
Class, «97 60 tor further particulars apply to
- PARROTT & CO. Asents.
3Ofl ''.illforniaiit.
m FRAXCISCO TO YALLEJO
AND MARE ISLAND NAVT vi»n
STEAStEE "MONTICeIIo^ D>
Mlsslon-stree Pier 2. Telephone 2«i «!«»!,'•
Leaves San Francisco DaUy P c inSX*"
Leaves Valleio UaUy.;..*"... .'.'.v.'" 1 2-nn *• «•
Give, four houi^avyi^ "
■ HATCH BROS.
G O isiii O^S GATOS& SAiVTACRIZ
UltAilEß ALVISO LKAVKs Pfli-H 1 luir-
§Hii§ii
- -
S. F. AND PORTLAND " EX-
' GURSION TRAIN •:
. " SEP 1. .5, ' 10, lo- 20, .25; 30- ."• - •
• And Every. FjTfth Dav'-Triereaftejri • :
Leave- iron! H, 'P. Co 's .F-er^v•"f,fliidin!;, foot" of
. . * .. Market^!., at 8:00 p. it..' ,'.'..%;?
onrhllil ").'"tf l-11- : Including Berth;'. " . *
SP * C I A L f ■»■ I -U-- JL-. ." T ,°" r 'sf Sleepy.
'.RATES/ \s\9< ■^&*« ■
. For - fur:her. informal tort ..apply at 7813 MarKet ' •
street <(srand Hotel" Uckei; office), 5.. F." '..•. '..V. •
lUCUaRD i,k .,¥, -..""" :.T..ii;a-)uwiAN,: ;
-. Gen. frafflc Mgr. '- * •• ' ■' Oen.'-Paas.' A-gi.- ' ;
• ti*>VTUIMX I'ACiri^ >CC>»l»AßpT. • .
;■■ * (pXctfio BVSTEir.) ' . .: • '..?':';■'•■.
TrMino lonve nnil i»r«* «lit«. '«► »rrl*«.4»" . .
.-. MAX F|tA>Cl?<Cy.-, ■ ■•= \%\ : - ;. ;
' LBA.VE __'- Fi;<3m September 1596. ."— -AglWVjr ;;
• »6:OOa Niks, Ban- Jose tod Way Stations.- . j .-: M .
7:<>o a. Atlantic Express, Ogdon aiidvW^s't*; j • .*%•*»» .'•
7:OOi Ber.icia. VacaviUe,. KuiAspy.'Sacra- . .-••
• mcuto, Orovjllo and Redding .Via .•'•.-.•• •• .':
D^tU ..■.:.,•...:.:..; rf •••',•. S:4sf
7:«» X Martinez, Sari Ramon, Napa. Calls- • ... • .
toga and Batata Kosa ::.\%:.u .• •: »5* ■.:•
8:30 a Niles,. San 3oae, .Stockton, lone; - : •••• . •.;
■;;•.• .Sacramento, MansTillo..and Ked .■•.-■•.•:.
uiuir. . . . . ..;..' i.... ....:..».. 4:1.1p
•8: -Peters ami slilton\iV...-...".., : . : :..V I »7:15* ' •
9:OOA.NewOrleans i:xprc£3,l''fesiiQ.CakcrS; ..••„ ;■."■'
.. ' •lield; Santii DarUara;>l>QS Ancclca, •;■;.....■■ ■:■'■■
pemini;, New Orleans and .•■••.• •;
Last..: ;-..; .• ■ ..; ; . ■.■:;..■.;•■ -4i4!lF ' '
. Martinei and Stockton .-. .■.:.-. 1 1 a. ;
9:0.0 V511ej0. .."..:-.. ..i;. ...•..............' «:I3 ..
l:OOp San Jose anil Livermore...... ' 8:45 a, ■•
*I:OOp SJcramcnto i:iv,r ■ ........ • "U:OOp '.: •
fl:3op Pert Costa arid Way Stations. ..:.-. ■.t?i4or " :
4:OUp Martinez, San Uamon, Vallojo, :■• • ' :
, ■Napa; Calistoga,- lit Verano and . ••. ■• -
Santa Kosa. .■...■.■.,...-•!.'.'..»" 9>l5A
•tt^p-Benicia, VscaYille, Esparto, • Wood- ' ' " ; - I' •
.."'„•■-• lam 4 Knights Landing Marys- : ••" : : •
Tilie, Orpvillo and •Sucraniento. . . . 10:451,
4:39pNile3, -San -Jose, Livcrmoro and •• ■ - : ''
■ .' •• Stockton ".,.".,;::.. i,. .. ; ;:;v 7:lSp
4i3op Merced,- Bererida^ ' Raymond ((or ' ■ '■'■■'
i •• Yoscmitc) and Fresno, via Niles.. 11:43 a '•
s:«<»p Angeles E*ifres3...Frc3nd, Santa. ■"- '.'-' r
Barbara and I.or Angeles. .■.;.'.,';; 1«:1.1a. '•
O:««r Santa Fq llouje, Atlautic Express '-• • •
for Mojave-aud Ea5t.;,;:.....;... 10:15 a.
5:00r Vallcjo.: .•...'...-.v...... ;.. 1I:«a. :
C:oOi> I European Mail, Ogden au;l I'.ust 9:43 a ' '
«:OOpllaywards, lilies andean J05e. ;....' 7:|.l\ -
l7:oopValle]o .'......, t7:43p
7:00p Oregon Sacramento, Marys- • ■
viilo, Redding, Portland, . Pnget
Bo;i"ilaii'l 11:15 a. .
SASTA_<:ittl/ lUVI-*IO?i (Narrow <iaui;^. .. 'v/;
~ 17:43 a Santa Cruz Esrwraion, Hanta Cruz.-.- • • ;
and Principal Way Stations ....' 2S:O3* ■..
8:I3a Newark, Oeiitervillo..Siin.loae,Felton, ••■ : , ■' ■
Boulder Creek;6anta Cruz and Way '- ' ■ ,-•".•
Stations .-'. S:3Bp
♦a:lsp Newark, Centcrville, San. Tobo. Now .. -
Aliuadcn, Felton, liouldcr Crrek, . / -:
Santa Cruz and Principal Way .-" ;'.'.-;
Stations •11^80*
4:15p Newark. San Jose and 1.Q3 Hatuß O:5Oa .
COAST IH VISION (Ililril X Towiismkl Sl.«i^ \./
•«:4Sa San JO3O and Way SUtions (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)...;... ,9:47 a' •'
17:39 a. Sunday Excursion for San Jose, *; ,
danta Cruz, Pacific -Grove, and •
Principal Way Stations ... ... .V. . JB:3sp
■:15a San Jose, Tres Piuos, Santa C'rui, • ■ ■ ."■'.
I'afiiic Grove. Paso Rubles, San * , • : -
frills OUisiio. Gnadalnpe, Surf aud ' •"
Principal Way Stations 7:05p
19:47 a Palo Alto ard WaySUtions ..".... tl:3op
IO:4Oa San .lose and Way Stations 'S:OOp
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations: 3:30p '
*2:30p San Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Finos, Santa" Crua,
ttalinas,MontereyatidPaciiicCrr>ve "Itr:49A .
•»:»»p San .lose, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations :..V.. ."....;•... «l:30p
San Jose ami Way 5Uti0n5......... »8:00 a,
S:3op-San Jose and Principal Way Stations ] *8:48 a
6:30 - San Jose and Way 5tatr0n5......... «:Ma :
fll:4.~>p San Jose and Wav Stations.. ... t~:-35p .;
' SAN Lt:A>UKO AM»II.\YWIU»S LOCAL. '.
<»0:00 a 1 . •'• •." T~^ V~7 7:1 5a
8:00 a ■'•"* .■ 'I . 19M3A . : .
SSa MelrJ«e,Semlmapr:P«TV*. '$**&.
"aloSp Fitch^aVs, Sa .Letedro jT \E£l [
4:00p • -nl i '. ' ;'■ 0:43P
4:00p «nffl s:Jlr
tt:OOp * . D,,_, , ■>. 0:15p •
5:30 p.. «»rT»rtS. ». 7-15P
7:« Op ,/:•"•: 8:«r>
9*oop * Rons through to Nfles. ' * 5 1O:.1Op -
ftll":15p y - From ylleß - • I H12:OOp ■'•
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. \
from S&K FR4SCISCO— of Market Street (Slip 8)—
*7:15 - 9:00 11:00 a. M. 41:00 • *2:00 t3;CO •
•1:03 *5:00 *O::Dp.m. -"./ .'•'•-.
From OiKlißD— Foot of Broad way.— "6:00. '18:00..
10:00 a.m. $12:00 *1:00 {3:00 •3:00' t4:09 -
•5:03 p.m. • " ' . • '• . ' .
• A for Morning. P for Afternoon .•'
• Sundays excepted. \ Saturdays only,. '
{ Sundays only. ' • • . . '
it Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
SMFRAMSCO& NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO. -i
Tiburon Ferry-Foot Of Market St. : - ;
San Francisco to San Rafael: . .'■ . /• ','
WEEK DAYB-7:30> 9:00, 11:00 a. ii; 123 V ■
S , :3 I °V i^ 6:3 2 P> M " Thursdays-Ektra trip
• 11 «0 p. k. Saturdays-Extra- trips at 1:64 • 8
and 11:30 p.m. . , : '.'.-.■'■'
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:"3*- r " "
6 :00, 6 :20 p. it. . . . ' . : . : .
San Rafael to San. Francisco. - •:'. . . "
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 910 11-10 a « 1 •
6foo, 7 fM. 9;O61 U:l ° A -* 1:40> 3:4 a f-;
Between San Francisco and Schuet^en Park umi -
schedule as above. •. ■ . • . • . .T?r~..'<-
San Francisco. |°^. .Ban'.Erln^isco, V <•';[
•Sj^^ffiW^ |.WW:.:
7:80 am 7:30 All Novato, 10:40 am 8-40
3:30 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10 : 10 as* :
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm, 6:15 pm:
_ Fulton, J 1 i r » I •' . ' •
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am;
Healdsburg, t •
GeyservlHe, ' •
8:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale.- .7:3q'pm 6:15 pic
7:30 am Hopland <& • j 10-iVai* : "-"
7:3oam I 7:3oam Hopland A 7:3o'pm 1010 am ".
3:3opm; 7:3oam Ukiah. 7:30 ral 6J15 m
7 :30 am " " "■ ! 10 10 ait " "
7:30 am GuernevlUe. 7:30 pm " ' -
3:30 ™ - leaspx '.
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am ';
6:10 PM|6:OO pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 bm 6:15 pjf, "
Sjggijjggsj ***»«- 0 0xM|10:10A. |
Staces connect at Santa Rosa for Mark, West
Springs; at GeyservUle* for Skatrss Springs; at . :
Cloyerdale for the Geyser ; at Pieta for Highland '
Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Bay and uUcenort- ac
Hopland for I*kep6rt and Bartlett Springs; at '
Lkiah for Vichy springs, (Saratoga Springs. Blua
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. Pomo?Potter -
Va ley. John Day's, Kiverslde, Lierley's, Buck- '
nell &anhetlrin Heights. Hull villa, Jloonerville,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot springs. Mendoclno City, :
Fort Bragg, Westporj, Tsal, WUlets, Caht*.. cb^ ■ "
velo, Laytonviile, Harris, Scotia and Kureka,
rate 111 to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
On Sundays ronnd-frip tickets to"ail points be- * •
yond San Rafael at jiali rates. '• -'•';.' .. .\
Ticket Cfficps. «50 Market st., ChroMcle bnndlnt ' V
H. C WHITING. : ' RX.RYAS, i :.
- Gen. Manager. . Gen..Pass. Agent. "■.•] ■
Atlantic H^^^^s" :: -
Trains Jeave and arrive '* ; B&^^^™^^- ■
mn fFeipri:ss;.H^B : ':'
To Chicago via A.'* l*.^P^s^§UTgl ' ■■■
I)ii»>.;t Line '. **£&4gggzZ^jfi£-
Leavss every day at 5 -p. w. c-vr, 1 Inl .^
holstejrfd Tourist Sleeping-cars, with ' clean- Un<£ ; ■
»e < nYe O rk»u O i . V^is KallBaS §S@ ■SsfSg-^
Krnsaa"?-! 1^ c °"f u «?1 , Boston Excorsions via
iiountalns leave every Wednesday.' '•.-. " • Whlu
Mountains leave every Wednesday.- '
v»« ».if rtll "' a - v »rom. California to the'-Easl •""
?k»i «? n ,^ le nuildl: 'Sv T«l«,;,hone M»i»
— sil_s^.^f^«U_lHB Broadway.
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST SILROA^
(Via Sausa,litp l^erryjr ..- : <\:\ '■'■
From San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13. ISJ I-
WEEKDAYS. .'' ' • ' ' '•' "
For MIU Valley ana San l.a.ael--«7 :25," • :
11:J0a. m. *1:45. 3i43, «5:;5. *5:15,6:30 Kit- ':'<
Extra trips for Si -. itaf:«>l on .Monday "•VVeJoes-" •-
days and Saturdays a: 11:30 1: -it.. . .. -'."; - . •' -
' SUNDAYS. . . •" • .. • . ?
For Mill Valley and Son Ba'fael— »8:00, lOiOfr . 
•11:30 /. M.:*l:bo, 3:00, *4:30*. 6:l**. *.' - •'
Trains marked • run to Van Quentln. • •■••••.
* THROUGH TRAIJSS.V •" .'. •' ••
For Point Reyes and wa\* stations— 7- '.'S A..M.
eekdays, 8:00 a. m Sundays. 1:45 p. m. Satur- .
days. . . .' .• v.*
1 or Cazsdero and w/iv stations— 7 :2s a. M- week-
days; 1:45 p. M. Saturdays. • ••
"notary publics s
CHARLF.B H. PHILLIP-. \rro \FY-AT
sue PaUe H^«, ta^, I ' ÜbUc - 6»8 MaVfirt s?. owS
site unit, Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence ii&aGEORE MORROW'S
TIMELY REBUKE
Tie President of the Alli
ance Speaks of Press
'*• '•" .. Committees.
DUTIES OF IMPORTANCE
.Pastor Davis Was Not Aware
." • . : ; ■He Was the ■ Center of
'•"; • ".■;• a Sensation.
A^; COMMIIiEE SO REPORTS.
.Next Spring's Election Already Casts
... . . ?ts Shadows on the Tax
' . — • Levy.
' .Oakland Offick Fan Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 27. f
;. George R. Morrow, president of the Re
publican Alliance, expressed his intention
.'. a few days ago to prepare an essay on the
• duties cf press committees. There is cer
■• tainly need of just such a task being
.. " undertaken in this city, as recent events
,•• have proved. When the alliance wsnt to
• ;.Los Angeles ther*e was a conflict regarding
'-. the dnties of the press committee that
• caused" not a little unpleasantness. A
similar committee was appointed to
•'• handle the advance work of last night's
gFcat meeting, and great was the surprise
*• of President Morrow to find that after
■ '•issuing a little no me of the meeting a
•weeK a^o they retired from active service.
The day before the meeting Mr. Morrow
• constituted himself a press committee of
.-'• one, made the tour of Newspaper Row
and last night the Tabernacle could not
.; . hdld the immense crowd that wanted to
• , ■ -hear the oratory and music.
. Mr. Morrow's essay will be very timely.
• 'Snd for -the good of all concerned it is to
be hoped tbat its circulation will be un
,."• limited. It is impossible for correspond
ent's, to -be at and know of all the places
.' .where" the local leaders of the political
■ : .parties are arranging the details of their
: meetings, and it is supposed by all con
; ce.rned. that the press committee is sup
" : plyang ttie matter to the papers. Mr.
: .Morrow, has discovered that such is not
' thecase And yrill start a crusade to rem
■•.■edy matters..
• : ;. :Tii.e latest -brand of "whitewash" has
■'•■lb.e.en d-i'sco-vered Dy the officers of the Cen
tral Christian Church. A few days ago
tire .congregation of that church was
.shocked beyond measure when more than
; bail a pace of -a sensational newspaper
. . was giy.en to the' poses that the pastor,
. Rev^.EdwardsDavis, wai to assume in his
[. ", .puipi.t; •; The .reverend gentleman was rep
■ ".resented- 'as standing on one leg, falling
. .'-.tragicfclly,, jumping in the air and going
: .^-.tbr-bu^h'. .various, other mountebank per
formances, peculiar to the stage, foreign
*.tb • the 'p.ulr-it. The congregation was
• : shocked and a special meeting of the of
ficers "of ihe church, was called to consider
• the matter. The pastor wa« loud in his
denunciation of such methods of direct
| ing publ-ic "attention toward himself and
.was q"ulte:at a loss to "understand how the
■;. photograp' s-and' interview were secured,
.and .so informed the official body of the
. eh.urchi •• . . .
. .'•!' The court of inquiry was eminently sat
isfactory to -.all concerned, and they sent
"/"out. 'little' notices, stating, among other
■ things, -that:. '.'After careful examination
: it. has' been' seen -that- said article was pub
.• .-.lished entirely without the knowledge or
.approval.' of pur pastor. The interview
• .■•'and' pirotographs were secured from ma
.-. .terial used i.n the .advertisement of a
■ .Lecture" on. 'The Science of Art, 1 in which
• appears the 'Author's Act,' and as such is
• public property."
• Tne n wspaper's side of the affair was
•not given out.
V It-is quietly given out that tdere may be
■ 'no* city tax livy this year. This sounds
.' like a very wild statement, but theie is
mufch foundation for it. The Council has
• : fixed' its figure and the Mayor has de
. . clared for $1 and not a cent more. The
'• ordinance will go to the Mayor in a few
days and he has announced that he will
-. '• . veto' it. It is not thought likely that there
• ' will be enougn votes to pass it over his
veto and so there will be a deadlock. Last
■. ' year 'the Council broke the deadlock by
• .'-accepting the Mayor's figure. This year it
■' . .is announced sub rosa that they will not
.'" be dictated to. There is merit on both
\ Bides and the result w>ll be interesting.
' '. Mayor Davie.has proved that the city can
...be run on asl levy and argues that this
'.■-'■ period is not one in whicu to increase
.'taxes. The Council say that $1 is barely
■ enoueh for current expenses and that
:' some improvements which must
• " be carried out.
..'. - Tjbeh there is another feature in the
•* fight, always*a prominent one in Oakland.
• .Next" Jariu'ary the municipal campaign
'.will', open, and already there, is talk of who
.will .. ; bi9 Mayor Davie's successor. The
:•'.- 'office-seekers. will need some sloean with
■.;■ ■w-b'icb? to go before the voters. The Non
"•; Partisan OOuncumen have already de
•'". ■•cided- thfct theirs shall be "public im
'•• prdvemeju"-; the Davieites'have declared
; ■.lof.'.'economy."
Hence the tax-levy deadlock.
:;': ;' . . : ; • ,j_ 8. w. B.
C. A. R. FLSTIVAL.
.. Several Musical Evenig Arranged for
c• . • the Coming Week.
'.'.[ OAKLAND, ' Cal,., Sept. 27.— Monday
.rjlght at Hamilton Hall Admiral D. D.
• Porter Post, G. A. R., is to give a semi
; military entertainment, in which there
' will" be an abundance of flags and bunting,
bngle calls, soundin c of the long roll, sa
' be%sj guns and accouterments carried dur
•' ing the war'by members of the post; solos
by Sirs. Beatrice Priest-Fine, Mrs. A. A.
"'Dewing, Frank Jacobs and S. P. Babcock;
; cornet playing by Miss Pearl and Miss
Maud Isoble of San Francisco; violin and
.'ce.llo solos by B. Frank Howard and Ben
• jnmin Tuttle, etc. Miss Pauline Collins
.. will be the accompanist.
» » »
,*. -: . Berkeley News Item*.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 27.— A granite
, ned'ebtal ha- been presented by Dr. War
ring -Wilkinson, superintendent of tho
• S(.ate Institute for the Deaf, Dumb and
'Blind, which will be used to replace the
present concrete base to Douglas Tiiden's
nrasteTpiece of statuary in the grounds.
• The Peralta Fire Company has organ
ized a drum corps and steps will be taken
to form a brass band in connection with
tho company.
Postmaster James McCaneby has an
nounced tbnt a stamp agency will De es
tablished at North Berkeley October 1.
Tiie Board oi Town Trustees will meet
in regular session at the Town Hall to
morrow evening.
An enthusiastic prohibition meeting
was held last evening at Dwielit way.
Among the speakers were Rev. Dr. Webb
and T. H. Montgomery.
The Lorin Literary Society w'll give an
entertainment next Friday evening. A
feature of the evening will be the produc
tion of the Fan Brigade in the two-act
farce, "Bridget's Brigade."
All-day services at tbe Dwicht-way Bap
tist Church were held to-day by Rev. A.
P. Graves, D.D., of New York. In tbe
East Dr. Graves was noted as a most suc
cessful evangelist.
A picket fence is being constructed
around the university football grounds
and bl achers are being erected on tbe
west side.
A tournament will be held by the Uni
versity Tennis Club at the Madison courts
in Oakland on Saturday, October 3.
I'ije freshman-sophomore baseball game
has again been postponed and the indica
tions aie that there will be no champion
ship game at all between these two classes.
•—• — ♦ — •
SHOT A BIG WILDCAT.
A Yotrag I-ady From S an Francisco Is
the Heroine at Mendenhall
Springs.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 27.- A few days
ago Miss Olympia Arrambide was the
heroine of the hour at Mendenhall
Springs. The foxhounds bad "treed" a
wildcat two milesdistant from the springs
in a rough canyon which is given over en
tirely to wild beasts.
Miss Arrambide heard the pleading of
the hounds to come to their assistance, so
she mounted Black Billy, the itjvorito
horse at the springs, and with rifle in hand
headed for the fray.
Tue mountain became so steep that she
finally tied the horse and wound her way
up the hill, with ins assistunce of twigs
from the brusn. She finally reached the
tree where the dogs were holding at bay,
perched on the limb of a spreading oak, a
large wildcat.
Although somewhat fatigued, tbe plucky
youn*; Indy leveled her rifle and the cat
dropped to the earrh. For fear he wan not
dead another was fired into the beast,
which made everything secure. Miss
Arrambide brought back tne beast, and
the skin is now being prepared for a rug
wliich will adorn a prominent part of her
home.
ADOPTED A NEW ROLE.
Mrs. Tunnell's Many Visits to
the Mother of Abe Majors,
the Boy Burglar.
Anxious to Interest Herself in Trying
to Secure a Pardon for the
Young Desperado.
Oaklakp Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 27. |
Mrs. Tunnell of the Brown-Overman
case has appeared in a new role, but will
not be able to bring herself into public no- I
tice by the line of work she is eager to per- |
form.
During the past three weeks Mrs. Lu
cinua Wagner has received visits period
ically from a woman, who offered her serv- i
ices to obtain the release of Abe Majors
from Folsom.
The visitor professed to have great influ
ence, and spoke confidently of being able
to get the boy freed. She cited the case
where she once got a prisoner released
from San Quentin, and boasted of her
power with hard-hearted officials who
were unapproachable by Jeas influential
persons. Mrs. Wagner intuitively felt no
inclination to put her son's case with Gov
ernor Budd Into the mysterious visitor's
bands.
After some half dozen visits some one
recognized the woman, and she admitted
that she was Mrs. Tunnell, and was only
interested in Mr-. Wagner's troubles
through humane promptings, with no de
sire lor glory or money.
However, Mrs. Wagner did not avail
herself of Mrs. Tnnnoll's offer, which
seemed a great surprise to her.
REPUBLICAN RALLY.
A Big Ratification Maetlnsr at Cali-
fornia Hall To-Nlarht.
A big ratification and open mass-meet
ing in honor of the Republican nominees
will be held to-nigot at California Hall,
620 Bush street, under the auspices of the
Spanish-American Republican League, of
which R. R. Duckworth is chairman and
Captain A. de la Torre Jr. the secretary.
This organization is the only one of its
kind representing the Spanish-American
voters for McKinley in San Francisco.
The club now numbers nearly 300 mem
bers, and is increasing the roll every meet
ing.
To-night's meeting will be one of the
largest held by the club.
A good musical and literary programme
has been arrange i. Professor Mojica's
band will be in attendance.
All the Republican nominees have been
inviied to attend.
The Phoenix Republican Club, the
"Plummed Knights" and the Lincoln Re
publican Club havo signified their inten
tion of being present in large numbers.
Among those who will address the meet
ing are: Hon. Ti.omas O'Brien, candidate
for Congress; Hon, 0. L. Tavlor, candi
date for Mayor; Hon. A. B. Treadweil,
candidate for Police Jud-e; Hon. W. A.
Deane, candidate for Auditor: Hon. James
A. Campbell, candidate for Police Ju:ge;
Hon. Georire W. Elder, candidate for Su
perintendent of Streets, and other woll
known speakers.
Following are the vice-pres'dents for
the evening: Ex-Governor R. Pacheco,
Hon. A. D. Splivalo, Hon. Reginald Web
ster, Hon. Theodore Reichert, Senator A.
G. Booth, Hon. Charles M. Shortridge,
Hon. A. C. Wiiber.
There will be reserved seats for ladies.
An invitation is extended to all Republi
cans.
NAMES HIS MEN.
Seth Munn Appoints Democratic Com
iiiiihpiitrn at Large.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept. 27.— The new
Democratic County Central Committee
will meet at 1004 Broadway next Wednes
day evening and formally organize. Seth
Mann (chairman) has appointed the ten
members at lar_'e and announced his
choice to-day. Ihey are: M. A. Tarpey,
Charles Mct'leverty, T. C. Coogan, C. L.
Dam, J. M. Ene.ish, B. T. Connolly of
Oakland. A. P. Hayne of Berkeley, M. J.
Kerwin of San Leandro, George Johnson
of Pleasantoii, J. D. McCarthy.
At Wednesday's meeting the executive
committee will be named and the plan
of campaign outlined.
Novelties Won.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sent. 27. — The
Novelty Club beat the Saturday Press
team by one run to-day, the ucore being
16 to 15.
Morris' New Quarters.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 27.— The build
ing erected for a judicial home for Justice
Morris has been completed and will be oc
cupied Thursday. The house is a one
story 30x20 foot structure, and is well ar
ranged lor court purposes. It is situated
just across the street from the City Hall,
where its occupants will be on equal foot
ing with Justice Sweasey for cases coming
from Recorder St. Sure.
Steel has been used for shipbuilding for
only fourteen years, yet it is animated
thatn 96 per cent, of the vessels built
att he present day are oi steel.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1896.
MYSTERIOUS MAN
OF THE MARSH
Did Old Rodney of Alviso
Leave a Fortune in
His Ark?
SOLD FOB TEX DOLLARS
The Lucky Purchaser Tears the
Floating House to Pieces and
Then Disappears.
LIFE STORY OF A MISER.
Was an Old Pioneer Who Did Little
E 83 Than Excite the Curiosity
of His Neighbors.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway. Sept. 27. )
"Big George" of Alviso Bought the ark
of his dead friend, Rodney, last week for
$10. It is now believed that he cleared
not less than $10,000 on the deal.
Rodney was the oldest settler of the
Alviso marshes. Nobody living in that
vicinity remembers the time when II d
ney was not on the marsh with his ark.
The old man lived on his ark for years
and was looked upon with some supersti
tion, as it was commonly reported that he
was a miser.
It was known that he came to this coast
in 1849 and that he spent some time at the
mines, because he frequently said so. It
has always been supposed that he was
rich and that he was engaged in some
speculations that yielded handsome re
turns. Sometimes for a period of weeks
he would be missing from his lonely ark,
but on such occasions no one saw him go
and no one saw him return. It was re
ported on one occasion that Rodney had
been seen in San Francisco attired in fine
clothes and bearing all the evidence of
being a gentleman of wealth.
The mysterious old man was very secre
tive in his manner, and when questioned
about himself he never gave any satisiac
tton. He moved his ark about from place
to place, and was known to all the sports
men who visited the marsnes from all the
cities around the bay.
About a week ago Rodney was missed.
Nothing would have been thought of it
had not his dog been seen running about
the top of the ark as if in distress. When
ever the old man had gone away previ- j
ously he had always taken his dog with
him. When two days had passed and he
did not appear some one forcibly entered i
I the ark and found that the old man had
i passed away.
The Coroner of Santa Clara held an in
quest and death was found to be due to
natural causes.
During the lifetime of Rodney the man
who seemed to be better aqnainted with i
him than anybody else was "Big George,"
a well-known man around Alviso. As '
soon as George heard of the old man's
death he bought the ark from the Public
Administrator lor $10.
It is stated that the old miser kept all \
his money in the ark and that he had at
one tirr.e as much as $40,000 in it. At his
death it is believed there was not less than
$20,000. This sum George is supposed to
have got for his purchase.
A visit to the ark to-day disclosed a
very intere«ting state of affairs. Every
piece of lining had been torn down, the
flooring had been removed and it was
evident that a most thorough ransacking
of the nremi-es had taken place. What
ever was in the ark has gone and so has
George. No one has seen him or been
able to find him since he made his pur
chase.
Rodney often said he had no relatives
and he often expressed a fear during his
life that he might be robbed. During ail
the years of his residence, however, he
was never molested, but passed as Alviso' s
man of mystery.
ASK PAY FOR DEAD COWS
Dairymen Believe They Should
Be Compensated for Stock
Destroyed.
The Coming Convention Will Devote
Much Tim? to Discussing
Tuberculosis
Dairymen in the counties surrounding
the bay and, in a lesser degree, all persons
interested in the dairy industry through
out the State are looking anxiously to the
convention which is to be held in the
Chamber of Commerce rooms Tuesday
and Wednesday, in many respects this
the third convention of the California
Dairy Association is of the utmost im
portance, but pre-eminent among the
topics to be considered is the extermina
tion of cows affected with tuberculosis.
The officials of the association are anx
ious that it shall not appear they are in
any way opposing the Board of Health in
its fforts to procure pure milk to con
sumers, but they seek some method of
making the burden of the reform less
onerous to owners of cattle.
They are also anxious to determine just
what steps are actually necessary to pro
tect the public and what view the highest
authorities take of the prevalence of the
epidemic and its effects. To this end they
have invited Dr. P. K. Brown, represent
ing the Academy of Sciences, U. C. Roidy
of the San Francisco Microscopical So
ciety, E. Jaffa of the agricultural depart
ment of the University of California, Pro
f"Sßor C. W. Wood worth, Dr. R. H.
Freund of the Microscopical Society, Pro
fessor E. J. Wicfcson and others to read
papers bearing on this important subject.
"\Ve hope," said Samuel E. Watson,
secretary of the association, "that in the
views of these men we will find something
favorable to the dairy interests, but we
havo no intimation to that effect, and,
whatever their views may be, we are will
ing to stand by them. What we wish is
an intelligent discussion of the subject in
order that we may know the truth and act
accordingly."
Major Henry E. Alvord of the United
States Bureau of Animal Industries will
arrive in the City to-morrow, and from
him many valuable suggestions are ex
pected. Major Alvord has in bis trip
across the continent attended several con
ventions, and he comes fully prepared to
instruct toe association on the methods
pursued elsewhere. He is considered one
of the highest authorities in the country
upon dairy matters.
As a measure of practical relief a recom
mendation will be introduced that legisla
tive provision be made for reimbursing
stock-owners whose cattle are killed by the
autnorities in cases where no attempt is
made to conceal the presence ot tubercu
losis when known. Such laws prevail in
a large number of the States where dairy
inspection prevails, tne measure of com
pensation being one-ualf the value of the
stock as determined by arbitration.
On account of the unusual interest being
displayed at least 200 delegates are ex
pected. _
TURNERS AT THE FAIR
A lino Programme of Athletic Exer-
cises In the Pavilion This
Evening.
The Turn Vereins will hold a demon
stration at the Mechanics' Fair to-night.
A special programme of athletic events has
been arranged, and the following members
will participate in the entertainment:
San Francisco Turn Vereln— lnstructor Pro
fessor R. Bartb: Alf Furth, H. M. Alpen, E.
Fleischer, L. Rapp, J. Bchmid. L. Frank, H.
Meyer, K. Hausmann, W. Hoffmann, P. Otto,
M. MHgel, Q. Tommeyer, F. Simmons, P.
Schmidt, A. Brohm, F. Loewy. G. Sonnenberg,
C. Bucher, F. Krause, J. Becker, E. Loowey. F.
Pos.t, R. Bergmanu. F. Wedfkind, W. Berg
ruann, G. Hackmeyer, J. Hoops, F. Frauzen,
H. Frauzen, M. Wallenstein, F. Muller.H. Mul
ler, H. Reicli, A. Kaufmann, L. Levingston, F.
Hoops, P. Hoffmann, E. Kancin, G. Merles, G.
Strohmeier, E. Saalbach, F. Plauts, J. Bom
moli, 0. Hauser, H. Bergmann, R. Muller. C.
N&gel, W. Stager.
Elntracht Turn Section— lnstructor, Profes
sor H. C. F. Stahl; C. Ellenberg, G. Dahmke,
Ph. Knack, C. Pless, G. Steffens, J. D. Batteus,
F. Graf, A. Kuenzi, A. Volkmann, R. Wagner,
C. Granz, F. Heiuicke, L. Peck, F. Haustein. H.
Conrad, C. Haas, M. C. Adams, A. H. Freund,
E. Cohen, H. Behrens, F. Iluber, L. Schappler,
C. Schaefer, F. H. Haustein, I. K. Mertens, E.
Gerlach, F. Horstmeyer, 11. Haustein.
Mission Turn Verein — Instructor, Professor
A. Bln.sc: E. Roemer, R. Moll, F. Hauser, A.
Schuppert, E. Mickel. H. Oppermann, E.
Kreuz, \V. Barth. A. Barth, J. Plato, H. Stein
bruck, F. Stein, R. Macdouald, W. Meserth, E.
Eberhard. \V. Thompson, E. Becker, A.
Noethig, J. Hauser, J. Stroenteen, H. O. Deusy,
W. Gerken, G. A. Rutz, J. Sperling, M. Krelimr,
G. Fncke, F. Sirueyen, W. Schnutenhaus, H.
Lohse.
Vorwaerts Turn Vereln— Leader, William
Eicher; A. LHtlewood, P. Saver, C. Johauaen,
F. Noltenmeier, A. Hammerismith, G. Palauca,
E. Tietze, F. Kautfusen, O. Liebold, R. Schneid,
J. Bianchi, (i. hchroedel, A. Bocks tadt, J.
Gropper.
Oakland Turn Vereln— lnstructor, Professor
P. Uih; J. Will, E. Rehor, W. Rlngk, L Kara
A. Rich, C. Steinbeck.
Jn ail, 160;
CRICKET ACROSS THE BAY
A Drawn Match Between the
Pacific and Alameda
Elevens,
While the Bohemians Easily Defeat
the Californians at
Golden Gate.
Two cup cricket matches were played
yesterday. That at Alameda, between
the club of that name and the Pacifies, was
particularly interesting and resulted in a
draw, slightly in favor of the latter. Cap
tain G. Theobald, winning the toss, sent
his opponents in to bat. With two excep
tions every member of the team contrb
uted to a total of a century and a half.
Captain Hogue, Sloman and Hood all
played rattling innings, the latter's 35
being especially meritorious, The field
ing of the Pacihcs was anything but up to
their standard — a remark, by the way, that
applies to both -ides.
At 3:45 the Pacifies started to bat, and it
aueura well for their play that before the
call of time they came within 32 of their
antagonists' score and with the loss of 7
wickets. The scores:
A LA MED AS.
R. B. nogue b. Harbour 29
-ioiiitn c. J Theobald b. Harbour. 27
(\ Gardner b. Harbour 0
H. Ward Jr. c. Hewail b. Harbour 10
K. Hood c, J. Theobald b. Cassldy Kb
V. Heebeclc c. J. Theobald b. Focock 17
O. ilellman b Dickinson.. 11
\V. 1 toward st. Q. Theobald b. (asidy 4
J. J. Peel c. O. Theobald b. Casldy 7
F. McKlss-ow U. Mtkiiison 8
F. A. Chambers not out O
Extras 7
ToUl 150
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Bails. Knns. Maidens. Wickets.
! Casldy 109 60 1 3
: Dickinson. 174 41 12 2
Harbour. 78 83 1 4
Pocock 38 9 3 1
PACIFICS.
F. Sewall c. Hood b. Peel 6
J. Myer-t b. Moman B
H. E. Pocock U --lonian 6
O. U is.' ii an c sub b. I'eel S3
J. H. Haroo.ir b Ward 18
A. Dl klnson b. Ward 6
| <;. Theobald not out 1
H. C. lasldy not out 2
1 J. <'. Johnstou b. P.'el 0
J. J. Theobald did not bat....i
T. J. A. Tiedemann did not bat
Extras 20
Total for seven wickets 118
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Bails. Kuns. Maidens. Wickets.
Ward Jr. m 33 . «$ 2
Woman 114 39 10 2
Peel 42 28 1 3
At Golden Gate the champion Bohe
mians walked all over the Californiana.
Going in first, the redoubtable Robertson
amassed a tine 155, and was followed by
Bowhill with a ''not out" century. . The
inning was closed when three wickets had
fallen for 306. What followed can be seen
by a glance at the following score.
noil) MIAN'S.
W. Robertson c. »nd b. Brooks 155
A. Q. .-heath c. r-tan!an b. Banner . 0
J. J. Monarlly c. an i b. Sollom 28
J>r. Bow hill not out ...110
N. MaCrae ~ '
G. 8. Simpson
W. Keeves
A. Lu.g Did not bat
N. Mcuavln
A. K. Alikin '.
H. H. Cookson
Extras 8
Total (for three wickets) 806
CALIFORNIAS.
P. D. Gellatly (run out; 16
J. B. Brooks b. Jiobmson 8
V. (-ol.oin b. Robertsou 7
L. Suri lerb. Cool-son 8
G. Van Xorde n b. Cootson 2
C. 1.-, n-r b. 1 obertson ' •{
C. .-c.inmn b. lvObertsoa 6
P. Scaulou absent 0
N. \.agan no. out 1
O. Canob. iiobirtson a
1. Tucker b. i.oberuun. 4
Extras 8
Total 53
The following telegram was received
from the Australian team last night Dy
Captain Robertson:
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 27.— 1 T. Rbertson,
Esq, California Cricket Association: Booked
Chicago Oct. 10. Duo in Ban Francisco Tues
day night Can play you Wednesday, 14th,
and Thursday if you can arrange to hold
tsieamer for a lew hours.
Musgrovk, Manager.
Nervousness of Public Speakers.
Who is the illustrious statesman to
whom Mr. Chamberlain thus alluded in
his spaech to the Cordwainers last night:
"I recollect a good number of years ago
asking an illustrious statesman ahd orator
whether he ever felt nervous before mak
ing a speech, and he said that as a rule he
did not, but tnat there were exceptions;
and I then asked him, still inquisitive,
what were the exceptions, and alter a few
minutes' thought he said, 'Well, there is
tue Lord Mayor's dinner [laughter] when
1 havo to reply for her Majesty's Minis
ters.' "
This, we imagine, is Mr. Gladstone, for
he was among the very lew great orators
who were not generaliy nervous before
making a public speech. John Bright, as
is well known, was extraordinar.lv ner
vous, and spent many a miserable q'.iar.er
of an hour before rising to speak. Lord
Beaconsfield was not happy, and on both
front benches in the House of Commons
at present may be seen eminent men who
are reduced to a pitiable condition before
ttieir time comes to take part in debate,
it is a maiady which neither time nor ex
perience will cure, and all that the victim
Can generally do is to practice himseli in
its concealment. — Westminster Gazette.
An error of a thousandth part of a
second in an astronomical calculation
would mean a difference of 200,000,000,000
miles iv tho distance of a star.
WORLD TANDEM RECORDS
Fast Time Made on the San Lean
dro Road by the Bay
City Wheelmen.
Reliance, Olympic and Garden City
Road Races Create Great
Enthusiasm.
The largest crowds, best races and fast
est time of the year characterized the
wheelmen's road races held over the San
Leandro-Hay wards course yesterday. The
roads were fine, the weather perfect and
the way the wheelmen turned out should
set at rest the suggestion that wheeling is
in its decadence.
The Bay City Wheelmen's tandem race
resulted in some phenomenally fast time
being made. C. A. Kraft and George S.
Dizon covered the coarse in 10:22 4-5, a
world's record for the distance. T. A.
Griffitns and John Davidson made it in
10:38, another world's record.
The following score shows the different
performances:
C. A. Kraft and Georee E. Dixon, 10:22 4-5.
T. A. Griffiths and John Davidson, 10:38.
£. D. and J. M. Mendel!, 10:49 S-5.
s. m. Vincent and Auatlu Kanzee. 10:50.
T. 6. H all and A. J. Menne, 11:19 1-5.
F. \V. Volz and Charles Webber, 11:29 2-5.
Prior to this event the Reliance Club
Wheel meu'b race was run, and resulted as
follows:
S
o
p
CONTKSTANT.
Net
Hand)- Riding
cap. Time.
1 P. Hayselden
2 C. Gross
8 K. Br.in
4 P. Kosenhelm
5 O. is. Maraton
6 J. 8. Brereon
7 C. R. Griffith
S 11. H. Price....-
9 C. D. Oooch
X) K. Williams
11 J. J. Borree
12 B. t\ Kliord
13 O. 1 <>hn.T
14 1 William Chllda
16 P. R. Mott
16 C. a Myrick
17 O. Nelson
IP.H
2 C. G
8 K. B
4 P. i:
5 O. H
6 J. 8.
7 C. K.
8 H. E
9 C.D
10 K. V
11 J. J.
12 B. F.
13 (4. L
14 Will
16 P. R
16 a a
170. «
■layselden....
iross i
Jr.in
tosenhelm..... ,
■'. Marston.....'
. Brere'.on ,
L Orlffltll ,
H. Price. ...»
). Oooch
Williams
. Borree
•\ iJiord
.ehner
Ham Chllds ,
i. Mott
L Myrick ,
selson
2:00 14:17
.... 2:00 14:34
1:30 14:17
:3O 13:19
2:00 14:51
:S0 13:28
1:16 14:28
1:30 14:4*
:15 13:28
1:00 14:14
:15 13:32
:16 13:49
1:16 14:41
1:00 13:40
.... Scr'tcb 13:40
1:15 15:15
1:00 16:08
The employes of Neustadter Brothers
also held a race amonir themselves, and
good time was made. The result was ;
'Os It lon.
CONTESTANT.
Hand!-'
cap.
Net
main?
Time.
1
2
S
4
J. Witman l:aO
C. L. Klcketson :45
W. Barlow Bcraich
C. Langiey Scratch
14:08
13-..0
13:11
13-.-20
The match race between E 8. Battles
and H. A. Goddard of the Bay City Wheel
men resulted in a victory for Ooddard,
who covered the five miles in 12:13 4-5. As
this was unpaced and on the road, it is
p obably another record for the Bay Citys.
Battles put up a very creditable race and
was fairly beaten.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen and the
Qarden City Cylers held a joint five-mile
race from liilDitas to the junction of the
San Jose and Gish roads. First place and
fastest time fell to the San Jose club. The
following is the score :
.=
Contestant.
Club.
Handi-
cap.
Net riding
time.
1 i>. I) Baker GCC '2:10
3 H. G Edwards OCW 2:00
8 10. A. II 1m0re.... OCW 2:00
4 S. E. Johnson ...OCC 2:00
5 £. F. Kuss OCW 1: 5
B A. J. Claris OCC 1:15
7 Hal Chase OCC 2:00
8 K. ft. Johnson.... OCC 1:50
y k. Ho a ocw 2:io
10 U H. Smltß OCW 1:25
11 H. C Ramsay.... OCW 1:45
12 <i. Hansen OCW 1:45
1M D. Murphy OCC 1:00
14 C. J Tunis OCC 1:01
16 B. Coule OCC I:2S
16 |C. L. WMtlake... OCC 1:15
17 11. L. Radke GCC 1:15
18 C. F. L mmon.... OrW 1:25
19 E. WMlston OCC 1:45
•.0 M. L Espinosa... < CW 1:50
21 J. C. Smith. GCC :26
22 R. R. -hi- arm an.. <iCC :v&
23 R. Hammonds.... OCW :45
24 J. D. Lawrence... OCC :46
25 Oeorge K. Kroetz OCW :v!5
26 J. A. Vausjhn OCW 3:00
27 W. H. Christ OCW 1:00
28 J. E. Wing OCW Scratch,.
29 A. liubbiiMl. GCC :45
30 L. E. Whiting OCC 2:10
31 ! P. J. Schwab OCC 2:20
13:45
13:36
13:87
13:40
13:05
18:05
13:53
13:43
14:u»
13:18
13:47
13:47 1-6
13:02
13:05
18:32
13:42 1-5
13:42 2-5
13:32
14:06
14:12
12:49
32:4 a 1-5
13:09 2-6
13:09 3-5
12:54
15:55
13:59
13:85 4-5
14:. 9
115:04
17:10
B. C. Raynaud made a five-mile record
trial at San Leandro in 12:00 2-5 and Wal
ter Davidson did the same in 11:30.
Tne racing was all remarkable in one
respect — there were no accidents of any
kind, none of the usual breakdowns, tum
ble- and the like, which generally mar
road-racing.
Tne timing was particularly accurate
and in the hands of experienced men. At
San Leandro it was bandied by William
Ysoman. H. F. Terrill, J. F. Hancock and
A. W. Rhys. At Haywards by George P.
Wetmore, R. C. Lenni-, Wiiber F. Enapp,
H. C. Clark, P. H. Higgins and H. W.
Bpalding. At San Jose by George H.
Stratton, H. D. Hadenfeldt, J. A. Desi
mnne, Al Col and C. N. Ravlin.
Taken altogether yesterday showed a
great revival in the interest in cycle road
racing and the fast time made over the
San Leandro course will doubtless induce
all the other clubs to hold events in the
near future.
» — ♦ *
THE PRACTICAL MAN.
As Viewed From the Standpoint of the
Theosophist.
At a meeting of the Theosophical Society
in Golden Gate Hall last evening, James
H. Gnffes read a very carefully prepared
and logical paper, setting forth what is a
practical man from the standpoint of the
theosophist. Snch a man he described as
one who is not actuated by selfishness,
but whose ideas are so broad that they
enable him to think and act for the better
ment of mankind. Such a man, he said,
is a lender in public affairs, and his leader
ship is not for self but for the general
public good. The lecturer entered into the
various phases that go to make up an an
saltish man, and told how such a man
becomes more useful in the community in
which be lives, and bow the example he
sets leads people to think and study. The
people, he said, are becoming more altru
istic, and day by clay are becoming more
unseltish, and that it is a noticeable fact
that the churches are broadening in this
age of education and advancement, when
the people are become more practical in
every branch and are reaching out for ttoe
real things of life. In conclusion he de
clared that the practical mau is tho one
who knows himself.
Tne lecture, delivered in a clear and
forcible manner, was listened to with a
great deal of attention and was heartily
applauded.
Sorry He Spoke.
A tramcar was proceeding down one of
our busy thoroughfares the oth-r Sunday
and was already comfortably full, when it
was hailed by a laboring man considerably
the worse for liquor, who presently stag
gered along the car, between two rows of
well-dressed people, regardless alike of
polisned shoes and tender feet.
Murmurs and complaints arose on all
sides, and demands were heard that the
offender should be summarily ejected. But
amid the storm of abuse one friendly voice
was raised, as a benevolent clergyman rose
from the seat, saying:
"No, no; let the man sit down and be
quiet."
The discomfiture of the party turned to
mirth when the inebriated one seized his
benefactor by the hand, exclaiming:
"Thank ye, sir; thank ye. I see you
know what it is to be drunk I"— -Chicago
Times-Herald.
The infant sea-otter, when removed
from parental care, dies of either grief or
starvation. So far, it has been impossible
to raise it to maturity by human hand.
Auction Bales
P. J. BARTH, AUCTIONEER.
TRUSTEES AUCiION SALE
OF BICYCLE SUNDRIES, OFFICE
FURNITURE and STO E FIXTURES.
THIS DAY.
Monday September 38, 1890,
....At 11 o'clock a. m., at....
: ; 1 1 p Market Street,
I will sell, without reserve, the above nock con-
sisting of Bicycle Clothing, Lamps, Repair Kits,
Enamels, Cements, etc. Also at 12 o'clock sharp,
150 yar is Carpet, Chairs, Shelving, Counters, one
Hall Safe, Showcases, Tables, one Typewriter, one
Boiler-top Oak Desk, Awning, etc
out— trade and general public are invited
to attend this sale. P. J. BARTH, Auctioneer.
BASCH AUCTION COSPASY, Inc.
319-331 Sutter Street.
Between Grant aye. and Stockton sts.
THIS DAY.
Monday, September 28, 1896, at 10:30 A. m., I will
sail at above salesrooms >he contents of a first-
class restaurant, consisting of Oak Chairs, Tables,
Crockery, Glassware, etc.; 38 cases of Imported
Beer; also furniture, Carpets, etc.
' 8. BASCH, Auctioneer.
J. C. HITHER. AUCTIONEER,
.OFFICE— 632 MARKET ST.
TO-MORROW.
Tuesday September 29, 1896,
Commencing at 11 a. m.,
will ski.
All the contents of a retail furniture-store at
1130 Howard Street, near Seventh,
INCLUDING
Fine Parlor Upholstery ; Oak and Walnut Cham-
ber Suits; 2 Pianos: Brussels Carpets; Crockery
and all kinds of useful furniture and household
goods. This sale Is positively without limit or
reserve. My orders are to sell all, regardless of
cost or value.
AUCTION.
Tuesday, Sept. 29. 1896, at 11 A. M.
Magnificent Uprlsht Piano, exquisite Parlor Up-
holstery, rich Chamber and Dining-room Furni-
ture.
1259 Octavia St., cor. O'Farrell.
House open Monday for inspection, 1 to 4 p. v.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer for
A. M. SPECK & CO., 603 Market street.
RUSSEL PITCHED WELL
Oakland Ballplayers Beat the
San Franciscos in the
Last Inning.
The Visitors Outbatted the Local Men
and Also Outclassed Them
in the Field.
The Oaklands crossed the bay yesterday
with a choice collection of their best bats,
and the way they wielded them when
they arrived at the Folsom-street grounds
made Pitcher Cooney long for the medi
cine that relieves one of "that tired feel
ing." Every man of the visiting team,
except Donovan, hit safely, and Arlett,
Jphnson and "Welters each secured three
hits. One of Johnson's drives was a home
run, and one of Wolters' a three-bagger.
Although the stick work of the Church
City men is responsible for their victory,
great credit is due Pitcher Russel, whose
work was excellent throughout. Russel
struck out ten men, gave but three bases
on balls, and allowed the locals but seven
hits, no two of which were bunched, ex
cept in the third inning, when the San
Franciscos secured three runs on hits by ;
Krue, Murphy and Scott and errors by
Arlett and Agnew.
As Cooney was also keeping the bits
well scattered it looked as though, with a
lead of tnree, Blake's men would win.
Oakland, however, scored one in the fourth
on hits by Ariett and Wolters and John
son's out. and tied the score in the sixth
on Johnson's single, Wolters' triple. and
Pequi<?ney's fly to center. .
Each side got a man around the circuit
in the eighth, much to the delight of the
crowd on the bleachers, which settled
down for an extra inning game. The small
boys were doomed to di appointment,
however, for no less than ten of the Oak
lands went to the bat in the ninth inning,
and when the third out had been made
four of them had succeeded in crossing
the plate. In their half of the final inning
the locals were unable to get a man as far
as second.
Following is the official score:
BAN FBAKCISCOS. A.B. K. B.H. S.B. P.O. A. K.
Monaban, 2 b 2 0 0 12 7a
Krue. a. s 6 13 13 3 0
Murphy, 1 b SO 2 1 13 0 1
Sweeney, 3 b 4 10 0 111
Leonard, r. f 4 10 0 0 0 0
Scott, c 4 12 0 12 1
Zaun, c. t 3 0 0 0 4 0 2
lberg, 1. f 8 0 0 12 10
Cooney.p 4 0 0 0 12 2
Totals. 34 4 ' 7 4 27 16 9
Oakland*. a.b. r. b.h. s.b. p.o. a. e.
Donovan, 1 k 6 0 0 0 8 0 0
Arleit. s. s 6 2 3 12 3 1
Johnson, r. f 5 2 3 0 0 0 0
Wolters, a 6 2 3 0 0 0 0
l'eqtilgney. 2 b 4 2 10 2 3 0
Feeney. 3b 6 0 10 3 3 1
bhea. L f 4 0 10 2 0 0
Agnew. c 5 0 1 0 10 1 1
Kussel, p... 4 0 10 0 0 0
Totals 44 8 14 1 27 10 3
' SCOBS BY IN-KINOS.
Oaklands. 0 0 0 10 2 0 1 4—B
San Franciscos O 0 3 0 0 0 0 1 o—4
SUMMARY.
Earned runs — Oa k lands 4. Home run— Johnson.
Three-base hit — Wo ters. Two-base hit — Feeney.
Bases on balls — Oaklands 1, San Franciscos 3.
struct out— By ussel, 10. Hit by pitcher— Shea,
Russel, Sweetie v, Monahan (2). Double plays—
Cooney to Monahan to Murphy; Monaban to Mur
phy; Feeney to Donovan. Passed balls— Agnew 1.
Umplre-O'Nelll. _
Some Lesser Games.
A game of baseball was played at the
Park yesterday between the Boraxaidsand
the Oakland Famous, which was won by
the former club by a score of 9to 8. The
battery was Hennessy and Lane for the
Boraxaids, and Feige and Whaiey and
Brock"ff for the Famous.
The Evening Bulletins had an easy thing
of it ysterday with the Strauss & Btrausa
at the Presidio Krounds. The effective bat
tery work of O'Toole and Ferguson,
coupled with a succession of double plays,
won the game for the Bulletins. The din
ners were heavy batters throughout. Fol
lowing is the score by innings:
Bulletins 2 3 S 0 1 7 •— l6
Strauss A Straus* 0 0 0 O 1 a 3— 6
An exciting game of baseball was played
to-day at Golden Gate Recreation Grounds
between the OaKland Famous and Eurekas,
the latter winning by a score of 9 to 8.
The feature was the grand catch of Trouin
in the last inning, with three men on
bases.
THE SAPIENT GROW.
Can Count lp to Twenty-Six and Has a
Touch of Iron.
A naturalist, who is much interested in
birds, says that the crow is the wisest of
all feathered animals. He has made a
number of experiments recently, and de
clares that an ordinary, well-educated
crow can count to twenty, and that be has
found a Bentinel crow, very old and very
wise, that can count to twenty -six. He
made these discoveries in a very interest
ing way.
Last summer he spent much time in the
mountains, where a cadet company ot boys
was camped. One day he found a flock of
crows gathered around a dead animal that
Jay near a little old shanty in the woods.
They flapped away when he approached.
So he hid himself tn the old shanty and
waitud, but they would not come back.
Then he went out and walked on up the
mountain and they all settled down again
to the feast.
That afternoon be took four boys from
GEO. F. LAMSOI AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4lo Keurily Street.
Will sell THIS DAY, Monday, Sept. 28, 1896, at
11 o'clock a. m.. on the premises, 1136 HOWARD
oT., the handsome new Oali Parlor anjl Chamber
Furniture, White dewing Machine, elegant Cook-
ing Range, complete Culinary Articles icrdlnlnjj-
room and kitchen. . . *"."
GEO. F. LAMSOX. Auctioneer.
GRAND AUCTION SALE
OF MAGNIFICENT FURNITURE.
GEO, F. LAMSON, Auctioneer, •
410 Kearny Street. .*.'*.
TO-MORROW.
Tuesday September 29. 1896.
At 11 o'clock a. M., on the premises,
2416 Webster St-, *>ear Jackson,
By order of MKS. H. E. TKUBENBACH, on ac-
count of departure for the Kast and Kurope, £
will sell the magnificent Upright Decker & sou
Piano. Elegant Bric-a-brac, Mantle Mirror, Rich
Upholstery. German Library, with the costly Mo-
quet and Body Brussels Carpets in the abuve ele-
gant resilience, viz.: 1 Decker Ot son Grancl Up-
right Piano, magnificent Maiitie Miror, r;cb* Fat*
lor Uphontery, elegant Lace Curtains and iffna-
ments, Freucli Moquet and .Bod v -Brussels Carpets,
extra size Baghestan and !'• rsian Bugs, 151) Ger-
man Books by modern authors. 1 magnificent
Walnut Chamber suit with two % BeJs. 1 grand
full l.ress Bureau and Mirror-top \« ashs and, also
Chiffonier 10 match, cose #-50; very elcgaut i>al£
and Prlmavera Wood Ci;anit)er suits, oxtra choice
llai» Mattresses und Keduln;;. 1 very t-l«gant Wall
Sideboard, with Extension Table and Dining
Chairs to match; finest Sliver- plated. Crystal
Glass and Decorated China Ware'; Table Cutlery,
Extra Agate Ware, new I'.efngerator, Garden
Hose, Garden Tools, with a host of other cnoice
articles.
1 ertus cash.
Elegant house to rent very reasonable.
UEO. F. LAMsON. Auctioneer.
EDWARD S. SPEM & CO..
Auctioneers. 31 and 33 Satter Street.
Telephone— Main 5181.
TO-MORROW,
TUESDAY, Sepumuer 29. 1896, at 11 a. v., we
will sell a i arge Lot of Bicycle sundries, Golf
Goods, Foot Balis, Base t alls, Bats, Shoei, Sweat-
era, l'umi s. Boxing Gloves, lot of Office i'urui-
ture, one Typewriter, etc.
EDWARD 8. SPEAR & CO., auctioneers,
. 31 and 33 Sutter street.
the cadet camp with him, and the five
marched into the little building and
waited. No crows came back. Two of the
boys went out. Stiil no crows. Then the
otuer two went out and only the natural
ist remained. But the old sentinel crow
had evidently counted them as they went
in and he knew they had not all come out.
So he sat on a dry pine stump and said
"caw, caw," quite derisively. At last the
naturalist left the building, and straight
way all the crows returned. This expe
ment was repeated a number of -times
with varying numbers of boys, but the
crows kept count and would not come
down until the building was entirely
empty.
At last a whole platoon of the cadets,
twenty-six boys in all, and the naturalist,
marched into the old building. Then
slowly twenty of them went away. The
crows did not stir. Two more, four more,
five more went, but the old sentinel
warned his companions that the men had
not all gone. Then the twenty-sixth ca
det marched away, leaving only the nat
uralist. In a very few minutes there were
a number of hopeful caws and a, flapping
of wines and the crows returned. The old
sentinel could evidently count twenty-six,
but numbers beyond this puzzled him.
The experiment "was tried several times
more, and it was found that the Crows
could keep the count up to twenty, hat
beyond ti.at they were uncertain. This
shows that the crow is a very wise* old
bird. — Chicago Record.
It is an interesting fact, and one show
ing how little have been the. -surface
changes wrought in agricultural \Yales;'
that a well-defined Roman road exists to
this <iay in the very heart of Llandridod,.
and, with a few breaks, can be traced to
the outskirts of Magos, a couple of miles
away. •• .;:
HOTEL ARRIVALS,
RUSS' HOUSE. '.;. "... 'V ''.
W H Hall, San Jose L A Richards! Grayson '
W F Walcley, Or E, O Stroulv Santa Kos»
J T Mallen, Santa Rosa R W Tnt>mpson,.yßosa
II Ste«le, Santa RoSa !•' Gad It's, satxa Rosa " *
RB 1 arcou, Sta Rosa L S Sweet, Sania Rosa ••
V Verdelett. Sta Hosa. D C Smith"; Santa Rosa ° ■
\V M McGregor, S Kosa L Maddox, >aiya Kosa °.
J Robinson, santa Kosa MISsM Robinson, S Kosa,
J Karons. Healdsbur? * Mrs J Neil, Healdeburg
Mrs Styles. HealCfsburg Mrs J Miller ifc.ch, Cal •
MrsZMcGlll<& an, Cal Mis* BSpauldlng, Cal *«'
Miss G SraulfMng, Cal .Miss H i»panldjug, Cat
Miss M Wirt; Healdsbrg A'BraldeiC-San«Arrdreas
C C White <fe w, Hollisler (i Poorman &w. Sad
DSeales. NY . " O G Pedlgo, Santa Jlosa
B Prince, Santa Rosa b'Ji Wright, Santa Rosa
H. Kog-rs, Santa Rosa F Dent, santa Rosa * »
A C Cole <fc wf, Sea Rosa A L Fisher, Santa Rosa
B Prince, santa Rosa F*B Wethertoir, b'ebaaU>
Miss Heshel.Scbastopol pol ■ ; * • •'"
J Callum, Sacramento Elt Wright, t'klah •
E T DeCamp, wf;Willlts J Beatttle wf, Guernevlle
Mrs D M 1. Coon, Cal X Foriythe, S ants Kosa
IJ R W alsh, Omaha ' J Sul Ivan, Omaha • •
j A Goodman & wf, Cal G-G Murray- wf S Rasa
I Dr wisher & wf, Cal R D L>ipnman, San Jose
H L, Borgwart, Bkrsfield J W Clark, Healdsborg
P B Platter, Tracy a Volgardsen, Sonoma
J H Coops, Sonoma. F Denker, Petaluma
M Horstman, Petaluma F G Young. Healdsburg
Tim Kelley, Sonoma J McDonald, Sonoma
GRAND HOTEL. ■'* , •
I W A McUuire&w, 8 F F Garcia, -;«is6s
; H Boyd &w, San Jose TH D Ks-rella. Berkeley
: F J Mason, Newcastle W Loftus, He'.aiuma
1A M Kobb, Fort Costa $£ « Havens, Oakland
i J M Boynton. Cal . KM stiles, Kansas City
M J Thompson, Pasadna O C Rogers & w, St Paul
IJ T Smith. Greenwood F B Norton. Greenwood
I S D Martin, Butte W GUmore, Portland
i Mrs T Flint, San Juan J Mcuonigle, Ventura
J 8 Mills, Houston Enrlg.t, Bedding » •
W A Chapman, .\ovato J T Brown, Birds Lit;
Mrs J Br.'wn, Marlines J Wendpr Jr, salt Lake
M D Wardon, Portland W X Selleck, Chicago
I J G Flliou, Cni<».'O D S Sawyer, Kansas Cy
Thomas, 2 c, Cal Mrs M Townsend, Ulclah,
C Luce. L'kiah H A Preston, Jamestown
J F C app. Chicago A T Cooper, Sta Barbara
E E Morrow &w. Rosa E M Murry, Los Angeles
C Egbert, Oakland T Goldfish. Hollister
W B Harrison. Stockton T James, Stockton I
C\V Morton, Saclo W F Peterson, Saoto .*.
J Brown, Martinez H A Wright, Stockton:
JMcGulre, Cal : . . • ,
LICK HOUSE. I
W E Balnes, Stella, Wsh It 0 Minor.'Stockton
H Beard, Sacramento Miss E Norrls, san Jq^e
J Matthews, Mariposa J C Boono, -D; .\Lader&
H Todd, Oakland .~W T Johnson <& w, Cal *..
W i. Brooks, V.llejo Miss E Utidahl, -Astoria
L E Judton, Portland, Or Mrs VI Hart, -Mexico
E W Allen, San Jose EH Hudson, Maryvllle
J Graham, Forest Home H L Heidelberg, Ala - *•
C A I.uckenbach, L Ann J Spiers. ,Los Angeles
C J Walter, Los Angeles. F vvntiionov, £, s AngelM
Mrs J 9 Taylor&f, 8 Kos II J Levelling, St Helna
O R Runyon, Coortland XC, Ap person, S a Clara
J T Harrington* w.Colus E "V.Qreene, Los Aicrelfs
Mrs J C Black, L An les Mi<s Ada Black, ' « ' -•*
P X McDonald, ±\3rt!nd G-OEinmettdt \v Fortlod
r.llsi Q Emmett, 1 orthid A C Carle, San Ju«
T C Reavis, Salinas O P Ar.-h & w,"strf ifos.i
C Barnes, Stockton W S Murphy, Santa Rosa
W P Thompson, Chlco W*A lough, Santa, Cruz
C Bogan, ban itafael
PALACE HOTEL:,
H L Porter, Los Angeles Mrs H L Newman, Mo
S McMurtrie, Lompoc P. Metz, .Germany
A Hauka. Ohio A schupp, N'a ln&w
W O Wood, Mo Mrs J B Hanafon, Mich
Mrs a Hauke, Ohio Mrs J Hoge. Ohio *
Capt Mem, South Africa J U Ilo'ce Jr. Seattle
I R M Meln, South Africa H X Lutchei><& w, Texas
; \V W Meln.bouih Africa Mrs C A Boyden, Mass
j Mrs Mem. South Africa J S lobin, Buningaine *
C Jenkins Los Angeles J B Hooper, Ohiti
A W l.ogan,>acramento G » Wheaton, Oakland
A M Pope, Oakland . X G Lessynsky, «. nicago
A F WjMle <& w, Chicago J 11 Tibbttts «fc w,S Africa
G B Griffiths, I- Angeles J McLachlan, Pasaaena
E Green, Cincinnati J T Ritchie, Itedlands
F A Bradley & fm, Ohio H L Newman & dtra, Mo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J P Morgan, Petaluma' . M Russell,* Redding:
Mrs JBMason&ch, Wash J i.nviri, Brenham " ■
A Scott, Gurnevllle Mrs W F <)rabam,.Cal
Miss C A Scott, Cal G-A .Witt! and k w, lowa
W Meyer <fe w, lowa G F Miller, *anta" Rosa
X E Granger, Petaluma F A Mason <& f,«Cal ,
F D Shelter, Santa Ana E Harris. V B S .
J H Snyder, Vallejo Mrs L F Williams.'Cal •
Mrs A UAdams&2ch,Cal C U Johnsion, Monterey
BALDWIN" HOTEL.
WHAldls. NY FL Staffer,. Y.
8 Greenwall, NY' G BeRK Victoria •
it J X Aden, Vallejo X Eustls. Louisiana *
J V Brighton, Louisana L F Ward, Fresno
E B Clark, NY ' E Boulaner, Oroville •
A F Waltermlre&w. Cal M F Cochrane. San Ratal
H T Johnson, Chicago "Hi Miller, Chlcazo
J Carter, St Paul | H Wartr, St Louis
•^|v Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iiJCJH***?'? "*"' * " Eiaibiishod
■niM "' 1854 for the treatment of Private
' HLLfcLfIBM I'iseiises, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease weariiigoii bodyand mind and
MIHBa^KB Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
JK Bothers fall. Try him. Charges low
•NHRHCnrrktrußrantK-d. Callorwrlte.
Hi: J. W. t.iUlJO.\. Bex l»S7.SauFroaci»oai
910
REALTY MARKET REVIEW.
Settlement of the Tax Rate
.*•;•. : .' : ' Has Helped the
.'*.. . . Market
. AUCTION SALES ANNOUNCED.
. A Good Demand for Properties,
i •;" ' Notes of Interest About
.• • .. .. Building.
• '-'. A-'jrradual Improvement in the tone and
: .feeling- of the real-estate market is noticeable.
■ More skies .are being made and there is a
mar-ke'd increase in the demand for properties
. of all Kinds. The general financial condition
• continues' to affect the market adversely to a
greater-or less degree, but it is the general im
pression that this influence is less pronounced
• than'it was a' few weeks ago.
The fixing of the tax rat© last weak by the
• 'Board "of Supervisors causes a feeling of relief
■•. to prevail among real-estate men. The rate,
• .while nominally much lower than that of last
. 'year; is Still considered too high when the im
• niense increase in the assessed valuation is
■•'•taken into consideration. But as it is the
" • total saviDg to the taxpayers is in the neigh
• borhood of $350,000, as compared with last
jiear, and for even this small saving many are
• quite willing to feei thankful.
* Banks have not receded from their position
in tne matter of making loans, and ■will prob
ablynotdo so until after election. This acts
•. as n barrier to many sales, and if the banks
. had not taken this attitude the market would
'be much more active than it is.
• . REVIEW OP THE RECORDS.
. • The number of transfers recorded the past
week was 105.
There were fifty-eight mortgages recorded,
aggregating $384,171. The principal ones, to
gether with the security given, were:
•By Charles Main to Ezra H. Winchester,
• • $145,000 for five years at 7 6-10 per cent, on
."' property in -Western Addition block 307, on
" the southeast corner of Fillmore aud O'Farrell
streets, east 137:6 by south 120; in Western
Addition block 360, on the southwest corner
of Fillmore and O'Farrell streets, west 275 by
south 137:6; on the northeast corner
.. of < Ellis, and Steiner streets, north
. 137:6 by east 137:6; iv Western Ad
. flition block 361, ■ on the southwest
• corner of Ellis and Fillmore. west 275 by
■ south. 137:6; in 50-vara block 169, on the
' 6outh.line of Geary, 102:6 west of Potvell
." west 75 by south 137:6; in 50-vara block 23,
!'. an undivided half interest in property on the
east line of Battery, 91 :8 south of Sacramento,
. 's.outh 45:10 by east 137:6; undivided half
'interest on the east line of Buttery, 45:10
• south of Sacramento, south 45:10 by east
. 1-10:6. and in 50-varu block 22, an undivided
ha-H interest in property on the east line of
• Battery,. 59:9 south of Commercial, east 60,
south 10, thence on a circle the diameter of
'which is' 2o feet, through the csnler of the
wall there standing, to a point south 19:6
ironr the first drawn line and 49:6 from
the east line of Battery street, and
• . thence through the wall west to Battery and
to the point of beginning; by the Hibernia
: " Bank td Magdalena Van Winkle, $12,000, for
.- ' pne.year at 6V£ per cent, on property in 100
-. var'a block 408, on the northwest line of
t .Folsom street, 100 northeast of Eighth, north
'•" easfo.O by northwest 85, and in 50-vara block
; 311; ou she southeast corner oi Geary and
V. L'arkin, east 112:6 by south 70, -and by the
trustees of tbe estate of A. C. Whitcomb to
.-• Baron and Baroness yon Schroeder, $35,000,
..' •". for three -years at 7 per cent, on property in
■•. 100-va.ra block 394, on the southwest line of
.'. • Sixth street, 30 southeast oi Minna, southeast
'• , 50' by Southwest 75, and on the southeast line
of Minna. 75 southwest of Sixth, southwest 25
by southeast 80.
• ■ • ' There were thirty releases granted, aggregat
' ing $130,956. Tne principal ones were:- From
• the. Hibernia Bank to Richard H. Plummer,
$25,000, on property on the northeast corner
•of Jacksou and Lyon streets, east 17:2, north
.-" east ' 49:6, east 3Q, south 43:9^, east 205:4,
"•' "north 123 :0?£, east 17:6, north 14:7'^, north
*. east 1-62:6, north 25:10, west 412:6, south
255:4V 2 ; the same, $5000, on the same prop
.erty, .and in Western Addition block 851, on
the north line of Jackson street, 43:5 west oi
• : Cherry, west 121:10, rorth 15, east to point
of beginning; in Western Addition block 850,
• -on the'south line of Jackson street, 175 :2 west
• • ..of Cherry, east 134:11, south :30. west 129:2,
.west. 133:9, north 129, And in Western Addi
tion block, 849, on the south iine of Washlng
• ;ton street. 155 :7% west of Cherry, west 66 :o a<,a <,
• ..'south 48:6, east 05, north 57:7'^; from t'lfe
. ' pacific Loan Association to Josepn T. Poheim,
. • $18,000. on property in Mission block 73, on
the northwest corner of Twenty-firstand Valen
■ ' cia streets, north 50 by west 90; and from the
• " Germaji 'Ban fc to Jennie S. and Faxon D. Ath
•ertoir, $20,000, on property at the southeast
corner of California and Buchanan streets, east
34 :4»^.by sorfth 137:6.
There were twelve building contracts filed,
pledging an outlay of $32,188.
MISCELLANEOUS NOTES.
Plans for the new municipal building will
" be presented to the Board of Supervisors to
day. If the plans are adopted bids will be
called for at once.
_An error was made in these columns last
week in reporting the price paid by J. Cuneo
for the property bought by him on Montgom
ery avenue and Union street. The considera
tion was $33,000 instead of $20,000.
The contract has been let for the reconstruc
tion of the Center Market building, corner of
Sutter street and Grant avenue. W6rk will be
commenced shortly after October Ist, at which
date it is expected the present tenants will
vacate the 1 premises.
Among sales recently made are the follow
• .ing; A lot 31:3x105 at the northeast corner
of Clay and Baker streets, for $5625 ; a house
and lot 25x120, on Octavia street, between
Broadway and Vallejo, for $4750; a lot 22:11 x
100, on Lombard street, between Steiner aud
Pierce, $550; two lots 50x100, on Lombard
• 6treet, between Franklin and Gough. for
SatifH), and lot adjoining, size 27:6x100. for
$900.
A. M. Speck & Co. have sold to J. F. Ormart
the lot 28x62:6, at the southwest corner of
Geary and Williams streets, for $15,000. It is
covered'by old buildings of little value. They
will be torn down by the purchaser in order to
. make room for a new four-story brick struc
ture. Speck <fc Co. also report the following
recent sales: Lot 31:3x100, with six fiats
• thereon, to John McNally, the miner, for $12,
-• 000; lot'3oxl2o and six-room cottage at 313
Haieht street to Mrs. Math.lde Drueker for
"$5500; two cottages and lots, 25x100 each,
at 14 and 16 Patton street, for $1600 respect
ively; two flats at 19 and 21 Dousriass street,
lot 25x74, lor $3500; two flats at 1531 Bay
street, Alameda, for $3000, and 17>^ acres of
improved farming land near Oakville. Napa
, County, for s3ooo.
Easton, Eldridge <& Co. will hold an auction
sale, of miscellaneous properties to-morrow.
. • The catalogue includes the following: A busl
• ness building with rear fla's on the southwest
"•• "corner of Fifth and Shipley streets; flats at
. 4*oß and 408^' Fell street, with flats in the
. rear on LinJ-n avenue; a cottage &t 164 Clara
avenue; lot 29x120 on- the northeast corner of
. Calitorni a street and Twentieth avenue; cot
-1 tages at 379 and 381 Arlington street; a build
ing lot 50:11x114 on the north line of Twenty
second street, 152:9 east of Sanchez-; a lot 50x
120 on the east line of Eleventh avenue, 100
*feet north of .J street; a lot 51x80 and 90 feet
on the north line of Greenwich street, 80 feet
westjaf Broaerick; a lot 50x75 on the north
• west corner of Rhode Island and Yolo streets ;
a Baden corner, triangular lot. and an undi
vided half interest ia thirteen acres of four
year-oid orange trees in Thermalito, Butte
m "County.
Easton, Eld ridge & Co. will also offer at auc
tion. Saturday, October 10, about 400 acres
more of the Murphy Ranch in the Santa Clara
Valley. All the land included in this ranch is
• of. the best and the portion to be offered at
this sale is of the richest In the entire tract.
It has been rented lately at a good rental for a
. seed farm, and the seeds produced here were
of the very best. A special train will be run
to the grounds on the day of the sale, and a
fi:ie collation will be served to those who at
tend.
NEW SUNDAY-SCHOOL.
Annex to Olivet Presbyterian Church
Dedicated Yesterday.
The new Sunday-school room of the
Olivet Presbyterian Church on Mississippi
street, between Napa and Butte, was dedi
cated yesterday afternoon. The services
'were simple and began at 3 o'clock. A
large congregation of young people was
present.
The new Sunday-school room is an an
nex to the church. It cost about $1400
and is commodious, well lighted and
cheerful. The money was raised by con
tributions and church entertainments.
The young people brought flowers and
roses to decorate the church, and Rev. E.
G. Mathena, the pastor. Rev. D. W. Chil
son of the Potrero Methodist Chnrch,
Rev. R. W. Reynolds of the Holly Park
Presbyterian Church and Rev. H. N.
tJevier of the Memorial Presbyterian
Church of South Ban Francisco partici
pated in leading the services. The dedi
catory sermon was preached by Rev. H. C.
Min ton, D. D.. of the San Francisco Theo
logical School. His topic was "The Free
dom of Salvation," and he took his text
from Revelation* xxii, 17 — "Whosoever
will, let him take of the water of life
freely.' 1 He said that while salvation was
wholly free it cost a renunciation of all
that was displeasing in the sight of God.
He said he thought that in some cases sal
vauon did not cost enough. "No man
loves God," he said, "who does not want
other people to love him and share him.
That is wiiat this new building means to
day."
Pastor Mathena read the dedicatory
portion from the ritual, and the services
ended with the singing of "Nearer, My
God, to Thee," and a benediction by the
pastor. ______^_^^^_
LADIES AT THE TRAPS,
The Empire and Golden Gate
Gun Clubs Make an
Innovation
The Fair Sex Enjoy the Sport of
Breaking B ucrocks at Ala
meda Point.
Alameda Point was the scene of two in
teresting events in the sporting world yes
terday. At the Pacific Tournament As
sociation grounds the first grand inani
mate target tournament of the Golden
Gate Gun Club was appropriately cele
brated, and, as was anticipated, attracted
a very large attendance of competitors.
The Empire Gun Club also closed the blue
rock season with its final club shoot and a
special prize match for lady members.
The executive of the Golden Gate Gun
Club and all who helped to promote that
organization's initial tournament have
everj r reason to coneratulate themselves
upon an unquestionable success. Starting
at 9:30 a. 'm., the various events of the
comprehensive programme were pulled off
punctually and with scarcely any hitches.
This nappy state of affairs is in a great
measure attributable to the efforts of
"Sandy" Allen, the manager of events,
and to his assistant manager, T. L. Lewis.
The judges were J. R. D. Grubb, H. A.
Hoyt and Charles Sonntae, whose deci
sions were rarely appealed from.
The day was chiefly remarkable for a
feature which will doubtless recommend
itself to the adherents of the "new
woman" movement. The Empire Gun
Club, as already intimated, introduced a
ladies' match into its programme and the
Golden Gate Gun Club did the same for
the first time in its history. Mrs. Eis
feldt of tbe former club created quite a
sensation by breaking eight out of ten
birds, a performance whicb, when criti
cized independently of the sex of the fair
markswoman, was an excellent one.
In the case of tbe ladies' match at the
Golden Gate Gun Club's tournament Mrs.
Price was awarded the special prize for a
score of 2 out of ten singles, while Mrs.
Eisfel'lt. less successful than in her earlier
achievement over the way, won the first
prize, with a score of 2 also.
The two most exciting events of the day
at the tournament were admittedly
the prize shoot, twenty sincles, and the
shoot-off for the novice gold medal, fifty
birds, straight away. Henry Betten of
the Encinal Gun Club won" the much
coveted trophy last August, but on this
occasion Mr. Hulzer secured it temporar-
I ily, with a total score of 43, as against
Betten 's 33. The medai must be won two
years running before it becomes the abso
lute property of any competitor; so next
year's tournament is bound to prove
doubly exciting. The prize shoot was di
vided up into thirteen classes, and resulted
as fellows. The aggreeate scores are
given first and the classified result after
ward:
Slack 5. Cash 5. Allen 12, Franzer 13, T. Kar
ney 11, Schendel 3. Sharp 11, Thorn 14,
Klevesabl 12, Burns 17, Alderton 10, Foster 12,
\V. H. MeElvane 10, Bolauder 10, S. C. Fisher
12, McCntchau 14. Marshall 17, Vernon 10, F.
Esoia 16, Mascott 5, Potter 14, Haight 16, Mor
gan 8, Brown 10, Clabrough -0. Perkins 13, M.
M. C. Colt 2, J. Pleiffer 8, Whitney 15, J. H.
Gunn 11, Dr. Freeman 14, Newell 8, E. G.
Michelson 7, C. W. Wallon 5, N. G. Proctor 18,
Ballin 5, Neustadter 7, \V. H. Lowry 17.
First class. Proctor 1; second class, Marshall
1; third class, W. H. Lowry 1; fourth class,
Whitney, 1; lifth class, McCutcuan 1, Bolau
der 2; sixth class, Franzer 1, Perkins 2; sev
enth class, Allen 1, C. Fisher 2; eighth class,
Gunn 1, Sharp 2; ninth class, Vernon 1, Brown
2; tenth class, Morgan 1, Pleifler2; eleventh
class, Michelson 1, Neustadter 2; twelfth class,
Clabrough 1, SiaCk 2; thirteenth class, Schen
<Xe\ 1, T. Lewis 2.
In the novice match the full scores were
as follows:
Wulzen, 43; Betten, 33; Clabrough. 37;
Neustadter, 29; Hoyt, 30: Brown, 29; (Jolt, 12:
Kewell,3l; ilendricks, 35; J. Webb, 40; Wal
ker, 31; Wellam, 33; Price, 31; Paul, 21;
Fisner, 23; Josewski, 34.
The following are the results of the re
maining events on the programme:
BTen singles— U. M. C. Bolt 1, Bolander 8, Dr.
ti. M. Freeman 5, Caglieri 5, Tripp C, J. H.
Gunn 10, Lowry (i, F. C. McCutchan 6.
fifteen singles— Dr. Freeman 10, Bolander 7,
Tripp 10, F. C. McCutchan 12, J. H. Gunn 11
A. W Alien 10. Lowry 9, Barney 14, U. M C
Colt 3, Es-ola 3, Marshall 9.
Bo>V event, 20 singles, known traps and
angles— G. G. Mascot 8. V. Cajjlieri 12, J. M.
Freeman Jr. 13, J. Webb 17, Bolauder 9
Foster 11.
Ladies' event, 10 singles— Mrs. Eisfeldt i(2),
first prize; Mrs. Price (2), special prize; Mrs. J.
W. Carter (1), second prize; Mrs. W. Wetmore
(1), third prize; Mrs. McCutchen (1), fourth
prize.
In addition to the regular programme
several pool shots were improvised on the
.ground, among such beinc the following:
Ten singles— lveesky 5, Proctor 4, Morgan 4,
J. McCutchau 6, Lowry 7, Marshall 9.
Tea singles— C. P. Boland 7, W. G. Pinton (j,
Coffin 8, E. Michelson 1. Price 4, Fingler 2,
Proctor 6, Perkins 5, Coffin 10.
Teu singles— W. A. Marshall 6, J. McCutchan
6, \V. A. Hoyt 5, Rodgers 4. J. K. D. Grubb 5,
V. Esola 4, L. Traung 3, Wollan 2. G. M. Free
man 4, Kewell 1, E. P. Pierce 2, Caglieri 4.
Twenty-five birds— Bolander 14, Proctor 14,
McCutchau 15, Lowry 8, Morgan 9.
Ten singles— Whitney G, Haiglu 7, Ballin 3.
Perkins 4, Morgan 1, McCutchan 5, Daniels 5,
Marshall 9, Vernon 6, Potter 8, Stark 2,
Gunu G.
Ten singles— McCutchan 8, Marshall 10 Per
kins 2, Daniels 7, Potter 9. Haight 9.
Ten singles— Whitney 7, Ballin 1, Neustadter
5, Vernon 7, Proctor 6, Morgan 7.
More than 8000 bloerocks were disposed
of at this tournament, but large as this
total undoubtedly is the club hopes to do
even better on the next occasion. At the
Empire grounds the great event of the
day was the club shoot final, in which Mr.
Billington, who shot in the first class,
carried off first money, with a score of 25
out of 30 birds. The full scores are as fol
lows:
First class, $40— Billington 25, Vandall 20,
Sears 24, O. Fisher 25, Stewart 21, Mendenhall
25.
Second class, $30— Kerousin 25, Andrus 22,
Smith 15, Younc 25. Burgans 28 (first).
Third class. $20— King 28 (first). Judd 25,
Debenham 22, Anderson 21, C. Fischer 23
Fourth ctnsi-, $10— Leeds 23 (first), Quinton
21, Depue22, Javete 16, Goodwin 17.
Extras— Olson 22, Friedlander 14, Palmer 14.
Ladies' match, 10 birds — Mrs J. It. D. Grubb
3, Mrs. Carter 4, Mrs. G. G. Billington 3 Mrs.
Eisfeldt 8 (first), Mrs. Mendenhall 4, Mrs. King
1. Mrs. Andrus 1, Miss L. Mtndenhall 3, Mrs
Price 4, Miss Florence Billington 4, Mrs. Wet
more 5 (second), Mrs. Judd 2.
Mrs. Price, Miss Billington and Mrs.
Mendenhall, who tied with four each, shot
off for third place, when Miss Billington
broke five birds in succession and was de
clared the winner.
A series oi pool shoots closed the day's
proceedings.
KILLING LIVE PIGEONS.
Prince Poniaitowski Proves Him
self Handy With a Shotgun.
The regular shoot of the California
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 18»f>.
Wing Shooting Club was held yesterday
at San Bruno and during the day thirty
two dozen pigeons were killed or shot at
by the members of tbe club and their
friends. Among the latter was Prince
Poniaitowski, who appeared arrayed in an
immaculate suit of white duck and a pair
of nntanned kid gloves, which he wore at
the traps, The Prince has a fine European
record as a trap-shooter and yesterday he
shot up to his reputation, making some
excellent kills and dropping his twelve
straight in the first sweepstakes at twelve
birds. He used his second barrel only
once. "Slade" and Bob Liddle Jr. also
killed all their birds. The conditions were
twelve birds, twenty-eight yards rise,lss
entrance. The scores stood as follows:
Blade 12, Prince Poniaitowski 12, R. Liddle,
Jr., 12, Wagner 11, C. Bobinsou 10, Bier 6.
The $30 was divided among Prince Pon
iaitowski, Liddle and Slade.
The next sweepstake was under the
same conditions. Frank Maskey killed
his twelve straight in grand shape.
"Slade" ran him a close second with
eleven.
Robinson, Liddle and Fay each killed
ten, me Prince killed eight and Bier got
seven. There was considerable betting on
this event and several dollars changed
hands. The scores stood as follows:
Maskey 12, Slade 11, Robinson 10, Liddle
10, Fay 10, Wagner 10, Prince Poniaitowski 8,
Bier 7.
Maskey took first money and Slade sec
ond.
After the main events a seres of sweep
stakes was shot off at six birds, $2 50 en
trance, best score to win. Wagner wou
the first with a clean score of 6. Robin
son won the second with another clean
score and divided the third with Achille
Rons, both killing all their birds.
The State Sportsmen's big shoot comes
off at San Bruno on Friday and Saturday
next, and Roberts, who has tbe contract
for the birds, will have 150 dozen first-class
flyers in nanrt for the occasion.
NOTICE OF JIKKTIXGS.
CS" GOLDEN GATE J COM— LAN DKBT .*-
-m**r No. 16, nigh; Templar, Golden
Gate building, 626 Sutter su— Special assem- O
bly THIS KVKNING at 8 o'clock. All S*
fraters are cordially invited. Order of the ▼
Temple will be conferred.' ■ ' >
CHARLES H. MURPHY, Commander.
William T. Fonda, Recorder.
tr^~lC ING SOLOMON'S LODGE NO. •
<&>& 260, F. and A. M., corner Geary and M^,
Slelner sis.— Called meeting THIS (MON-\Sf
DAY) EVENING at 7:80 o'clock. THIRD
DEGREE. By order of the master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
K^jh- OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 22, a
as^* 7 F. and A. M.— Called meeting for A
THIS (MONDAY') EVENING at 7:3olC_r
o'clock. THIRD DEGREE. By order of/M^N
W. M. EDWARD F. DELGER, secretary.
fit^s?» ODD FELLOWS' CKMETERY ASSOCI-
-0»~ —' atlon— The annual meeting of the lot-owners
of the Odd Fellows' Cemetery will be held on
MONDAY, September 28. 1896, at 2" P. M., a: the
office of tae association, Point Lobos aye. By or-
der of the trustees.
GEORGE T. BOHE.V, President.
Geoboe Ptsni.ixotox. Serreta-y.
flt^g* CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
*-»' THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
in the United States or Canada one year for $1 50,
postage free,
SPECIAL NOTICES. '
]^^nDcT^^U^>ro?V~THEJrf
EF-* 7 WILLIAM T. WELFITT, JOHN McFAR-
LANE AND WM. DUDLEY CAbTLE. all recently
of san Francisco, and any descendants or heirs-at-
law of HELEN BIaKE (nee SHERlDAN— mar-
ried in 1816) will hear something to their advan-
tage by addressing CORMAC _ DONOHOE, At-
torneys, 207 Battery st., S. F. - ■ .._:-■
ttq2S» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR 94;
■ *' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 416 Montgy su. room 6. Tel. 6580.
*^2S= BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3. COOK.
i w-*r Law and Collection Office, 1023 Market st.
Ep3p GAS FIXTURES MADE TO OItDKRj
m*& cheapest place In the city. U. 11 IK-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
|T^X=» A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS—
i!r~& WEEK!-'/ CALL. IP wrapper, for mailing.
SITUATIONS AY A>T_U-FEMA_E.
■VTUMBER OF GERMAN AND SWEDISH
— girls awaiting situations; cooks, chamber-
maids and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD
721 Ellis st.
SWEDISH HOUsEGIIiL; STRONG AND WIL.
ling; !.ood cook: 3 years last place. Apply
MRS. G. NOR 1 ON, 315 Suiter st.
ERMAN GIRL: FIRST-CLASS COOK AND
VJ laundress; 6 years last place. Apply MRS. G.
NORTON, 315 Sutter St.
KRMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306 MA-
sou sU. furnishes best help of all nationalities.
yOUNO LADY WISHES A POSITION AS
X nursery governess; is also willing to make her-
self generally useful: reference. Please call or ad-
dress 236 Noe st. cor. Sixteenth and Market.
IV IDOW, 33 YEARS OF AGE. EXPERI-
" enced housekeeper, wishes situation in wid-
woer's family; city preferred; references. Call
925 Howard st.
VI IDDLE-AGED COLORED WOMAN WANTS
i»l place to do light housework; good plain cook;
wages not so much an object as good home. T.
box 116, this office. _~ •" '
SITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
woman to 00 cooking; is good laundress: or
will go out by the day, week or month. Call 1471 A
Valencia st.
TJ ESPEOTABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
-IV tion to do general housework best of reference •
city or country. Call 131 Wildey st., beu Bush
and Pine.
ELIABLE woman would LIKE POSI-
J-t tion as chambermaid in hotel or lodging-house-
-6 years in last place. Please call 19 Sixth st. 11
to 2.
\7 OUN(J COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS
X work by the aay washing and housecleanlng.
419 Natomast., rear. ■: . .
A" OUNO GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO DO
X housework In a small family; wages 912
5201/2 Howard st. :v. v ..7 '
yOUNO GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUa"-
-■ tion as second girl; capable and industrious.
492 Eighth si.
pOMPETENT YOUNG WOMAN WANTS A
/situation to do upstairs work and sewing. 421
Minna su
STRONG YOUNG GERMAN GIRL, GOOD
cook, desires situation In private family. 479
Tehama st.
SITUATION WANTED BY A. MIDDLE
O a;ed woman who understands housework
thoroughly. 911 Howard su
yOU NOW MAN WANTS A PLACE TO W
X general housework; good cook ; city 61 country ■
wages 916. 276 Minna at.
*p ERMAN LADY DESIRES ANY KIND OF
VJ work by the day ; wages 91 per day. 416
Sixth st.
i^OUNO GERMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION
■ to assist In housework. Address 1150 Folsoro.
yoUNG WOMAN (SCOTCH) WIsHEs SITU-
X atlon for housework; help with cooking- is
good laundress. Please call 32a Minna st.
DRESSMAKER; PERFECT FIT; QUICK
sewer; 150 out by aay ; $1; or work for dress-
maker. 1 Eddy si. ,
GOOU COMPETENT WOMAN DESIRES A
situation in private family cooking; waees
$26. 3100 Call lornla St.. cor. Lyon. «*Be 3
» . IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS A PLACE
111 to do housework: fond of children; low wages.
Call &50 .mission st,, bet. First and Second. '
RESSMAKER TO GO OUT SEWING BY
the day or take work home. Apply 416 Grove.
MEAT YOUNG GIRL WILLING To ASSIST
Xi in light housework or second work; reference
Please call 236 Noe si., cor. Sixteenth and Market.
C'OMPKTENT D .ESSMAKKK WHO GOES
\J out by the gay, $1 60. 220 Halgln »l
COMPETENT SWEDISH SECOND GIRL,
V good waitress and seamstress, wishes situation
Address 711 Kills sU
COMPETENT GIRL WISHES A POSITION
\J to do second work ; 3 years' reference; city or
country. Please apply at 1605 Franklin, nr. Pine.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES SlTUA-
tion to do general housework; is a plain cook
and laundress; many. years' reference. Call 350
Preciia av<\. . . - . ■ ™
pOMPETENT, TRUSTWORTHY WOMAN
\> wishes to do washing, ironing, cooking or
housecleanlne by the day; best references. MRS.
CUKTIS. 3367 Twenty-sixth su. near Mission.
G~( OOD GERMAN COOK WISHES SITUATION
I in an American family; she Is a good house-
keeper. Call 1712^ Polk street. .■
■you WIDOW. RECENTLY FROM MAS-
X sachusetts, desires position as housekeeper
1007 Marke- st. . '
UELIABLF. PERSON WANTS WORK BY THE
Xi< day or child's nurse. Address 816 putter st.
WANTED— MIDDLE-AGED WIDOW WISH-
i» es position as working housekeeper or nurse-
city or country; best of reference. MRS. 14a
Geary su . • . '
KSPECTABLE, COMPETENT WOMAN
wants situation to do general housework In
American family; good references. Address 1807
Mission st.
\V ANTED- SITUATION BY FIRsT-CLASS
»» cook; city references. Address E. A., box
44, Call. ■ • • • .
I, XPERIENCED NURSK WOULD GO OUT BY
J j the day or care for Infant from oirth: doctors'
references. 1264 Howard st., near Ninth.
%V ANTED — POSITION AS WORKING
.*» housekeeper by a reliable woman with duugh-
ter. Call or address 612 Mason st.
I) EL! ABLE YOUNG LADY WANTS SITUA-
XV ;lon as first-class maker or second trimmer
In millinery-store: best of references. Address
B. P.. box 129, Call.
WEDISH GIRL WISHES WORK BY THE
day. Address 716 Lott St., near McAllister.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
y OUNG LADY WOULD ACT AS -COM-
X panlon to lady; no compensation wanted, only
the liberty of attending school. Address W. T.,
box 8. Call.
SITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN LADY
skilled in cooking, baking and In house and
needlework; long experience: best references.
Apply. New Atlantic Hotel, 207 Montgomery aye.
THIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER, 18 YEARS'
-T experience, will work 3 days a week for room
and furnish machine. D. W., box 52, Call Office.
• RKSSMAKER, EXPERIENCED AND GOOD
X ' designer and perfect fitter, latest styles, would
like engagements by day. 1002 Polk su, cor. Geary.
OOD RELIABLE DRESSMAKERS RECOM-
mended to families; $1 50, $2 and $2 50 per
day, at the MCDOWELL Dressmaking tchool, 636
Market si., opposite Palace Hotel,
YOUNG LADY WISHES A FEW MORE
X pupils in English branches and piano: would
accept position as governess. Address E. 8., box
117, Call office.
y OUNG SCANDINAVIAN WOMAN WOULD
X like work by the day; washing or cleaning;
references given. 634 Second su ■■ "
WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE DAY,
T» washing, ironing or housecleanlng. Apply In
basement. 829 it ayes su, near Fillmore. 1
ASTERN LADY WOULD LIKE ANY KIND
XJ of work by the day. Boom 17, second floor,
144 Fifth st.
O ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION FOR
VJ housework ad plain cooking. 31 Grant alley,
Sixteenth st., near Guerrero. '
y OUNG LADY' WISHES WORK AT HOME
X sewing and mending. Call at 116 Sixth st.
room 2.
SITUATION WANTED BY' A NEAT YOUNG
O Sweedlsh housework girl; $12 to $16 up. Miss
ALLEN. 323 sutter su , _ -
V MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN AND DAUGH-
ter, in country hotel or mining camp, as cook
and waitress. M. L. li, Lester Mouse, cor- Eighth
ana (.'lav sts., Oakland.
rp%VO GOOD NORWEGIAN GIRLS WANT
X general housework or chamberwork: first-class
cooks. German House, room 17, 869 Washington
su, Oakland. „ .
\A' INCH ESI ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»» Market; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
91 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
treo bus and barrage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WAN TED— HALE.
HUNTER <fc CO., CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment office. 17 Webb su. below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
S~ AM KEE— CHINESE AND JAPANESE EM-
ployment office. 511 1/ 2 Bushst., nr. Grant aye.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
V help; tel. Main 1997. BRA D LE Y &CO.. 040 Clay
/VHINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
VJ cilice; best heln. 414 i/ O'Farrell: tel. K. 428.
T APANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
O best help. 314b Sutter su : teL Grant 30. ■. : ,
\fAN AND WIFE WISH SITUATION IN
i>X hotel or at anything: willing to work very
cheap; wife first-class chambermaid: can furnish
city reference. Please call or address Hughes
House. 214 Third St.
OBER AND INDUSTRIOUS MAN, AGE 28,
0 would like a job as porter In warehouse or
factory: will work for moderate wages. F. MACK,
418* Montgomery aye.
p EX.MAN DESIRES BITUATION AS SF.C-
vX ond cook; hotel or restaurant. 617 Mission
st., room 30.
JAPANESE BOY WANTS A SITUATION
where he can attend day schooL Address T.
W., 22 Prospect place.
EXPERIENCED MINING MAN WISHES PO-
i-i s'.'ion as foreman or overseer; best of reference
given. Address D. 8., box 119, Call Office,
p ERMAN NOT AFRAID OF WORK WISHES
\JT situation in a kitchen. Address 230 Pacific st.,
corner of Battery. .;<
OEFINED MIDDLE-AGED MAN WOULD^)O
-It light indoor work part of day in return for
furnished room. Address M.. box 42, Call Office.
yoUNG MAN IN HIUH STANDING DE-
X sires position in any honest work;; reasonable
wages: best of references given. Address H. 8.,
box 127, Call Office.
\V ANTED— PRIVATE PLACE BY EXPERI-
• ' enced young man, handy with tools, horses,
cows, garden and general work ; Is willing and ob-
liging; first-class references. Address T. H., box
20, Call office. •
pARPENTER WANTS A JOB IN HOTEL OR
Vj with a party having houses or blocks; can give
good reference; bonds If necessary. Address box
Z, Y. M. C. A., Oakland.
PROFESSIONAL HORSE BREAKER AND
X trainer wants employment; best references fur-
nished. Address U. D., box 123, Call Office. r;>
» 1 AN AND WIFE WANT WORK ON RANCH
i'l or private place; no children; wife good plain
cook; man understands farming: handy with
tools and can milk. Call or address M. J. L., 242
Clementina st. .-•: :-.■;-..
IJY FLRST-CLASS COOK, GERM AN, STEADY
I > and sober, in restaurant or coffee and lunch
house; best of recommendations: wages moder-
ate. Address P. C, box 70, this office. :-■.<.
"POSITION — ANY KIND. BY. RELIABLE
X man; 16 years in Pierces storehouse, 738
Market. C. B. MOORE, 230 Shotwell, city. .---
T/XPEBIE.NCED PAINTER HAVING OUT-
X\i fit, wants work. Address 2338 Dwightway,
Berkeley. Cal.
\y ANTED— SITUATION. AS RANCH CAR-
tt penter by a sober, Industrious man. Ad-
dress b. S., box 92, this office.
yoUNG MAN (26), HIUH-SCHOOL KDUCA
J. lion, wants strictly sedentary position. Ad-
dress H. S.. box 99, Call.
1 APANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY, R. 73,
U St. Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy si. : lei. Main 5234.
ngineer POSITION by COMPETENT,
XU sober man, in any part of State; electric light,
power generation or specially; references. Ad-
dress LOUIS B. GORDON, 627 Second sU, San
Francisco.
TAPANESK YOUNG MAN WISHES SITUA-
O tlon as office or bell boy: can speak English flu-
ently; steady and reliable. Address GEORGE,
box 71, Call Office.
V'OUNG STEADY AND EXPERIENCED
X druggist, graduated, . wishes position: relief
work only, address Drugs, box 108, Call Office.
\*.' ANTED— BY SOBER AND INDU>TRIOrS
»" man. position In private family: thoroughly
understands care of hnrsM, also plain gardening.
A. G. S., box 2, Call office. Oakland.
\V r INCHESTER 44 THiRD, NEA ti
»» Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and bagsasre 10 and irom the ferry.
yoUNG GENTLEMAN ATTENDING COL-
X lege seeKs some employment for late afternoon
and evening hours; best references; stationery,
drug and general experience. Address X., box
108, Call Office. - -
T INCHESTER HOUsE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 M) per night: $1 50 -to $6 per
week: fr«e bus and. baczage to anil from the ferry.
r______ HELP WANTED.
"ANTED — 3 "AMERICAN "AND GERMAN
nurses, $'20; 2 rooks, German style. 925;
Krench cook, $25; 2 cooks, private boarding-liouse,
$25; head waitress $30, and a great many itlrls
for cooking and housework, In city and country.
J. F. CROSETT «£; CO.. 316 Sutler sU *
COOK. SMALL FfoTKL, $30; BOARDING-
house. $26; private family. $30; laundress
and chambermaid. $25; housework girl. Angels
Camp, 915; several good girls, city and country,
$15, $20 and $25. Apply MISS CULLEN, 323
Suiter »t.
HOUSEWORK GIRL SAN RAFAEL, 4 IN
family, $20. MISS CULLEN. 333 Sutter su
WOMAN WITH A LITTLE GIRL 6 YEARS
old. siiiita Rosa; $12; see lady here. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
RUTESTANT SECOND GIRL FOR THE
countiy; 9dO. Miss CULLEN, 323 Sutter su
p KRMAN OR SWEDISH LAUNDRESS?
VJ Menlo Park: $30. MISS CULLEN, tiB Sutter.
M MAN OR SWEDISH LAUNDRESS, $30:
VJ cook, boarding-house, $26: 2 German second
girls, $20 and $25; •_' waitresses, hotel, 9*o: cook,
small hotel, country, 920: Angels Camp. 915. and
other towns; 20 good housework girls, city, $12
to $26. Apply MISS CULLKN, 323 sutter su
pHAMBKRMAID AND SEAMSTRESS/ $25;
_J reference. MISS c LLE . 32 Sntter st.
GERMAN NUKSK, 1 CHILD 6 YEARS OLD,
$20: reference. MISS CULLKN, 323 Sntter.
MATEO,SI2 To $15: REF-
XI ere nee. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sntter su
2 WAITRESSES. CITY, $20 AND ROOM;
— < chambermaid and wait some, country, $15.
room, etc.; girl for general work in small hotel;
young girl to assist, etc.. $10 and room: cook.
small hotel, $25 and room; head waitress; wait-
ress who can speak French: nous -girl, Vau Ness
aye., $20; girl for Woodside, Cal., no cooking: girl.
Filbert st. ; girl, Mason st. $20: girl, Twenty-first
St., $20: girl. Fair Oaks st., $20: girl, Pierce si.,
$15; girl, Green st., $15: girl, Alameda, $15;
young girl tor san Leandro: nursegirl, II ay wards,
$15: 11 hous -iris, $15: 9 housegirls, $20; 14
young girls, $8, $10 and $12 per month. MAR-
TIN'S. 749 Market sU '
\\T ANTED— WAITRESSES FOR THE
TT country, $20: German or Swedish girl for
small family, no washing, $18. C. R. HANSEN
&CO.. 110 Gearys;.
\\r ANTED— GIRL 25 to 30 YEARS OLD for
tt general housework, American family of two
persons, short distance In the country, fare and
fee paid by ■ lady; Protestant preferred. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary at.
\\J ANTED— FOUR JANIfTi ESSES. $30. C. R.
' ' HANSKN <fc CO., 110 Geary st.
WANTED— GERMAN- GIRL FOR. FAMILY
tt. of three, $25; Sootch girl for general house-
work, country, $25: German or Swedish girl for
country, $25. C. R. H A S N <fc CO., 110 Geary.
•TWO NU'SES FOR HOSPITAL, $20. C. K.
X HANSEN de CO., 110 Geary st. . ' . .
]VTEAT WOMAN, GENERAL" HOUSEWORK,
-•-' country, $20, fare pad: slrl, 14 to 16 years of
age, :to assist lady, country, good home, small
wages. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay su -; ■
C"" OOK, SMALL BOAKDINti-IIOUaK, 920: 60
/ girls for different situations, private families.
anl hotels. JiURRaY * READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay su
CIOOK. FEW BOARDERS. WINTER RESORT,
/ 925; waitress's, country hotels. $25 and $18:
cook, plain hotel, near > ity. $20; ranch cook, $20:
second girl, 9 15. MURRAY «fc HEADY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634-630 Clay su
• . .-■■
■ HELP WANTED— Continued.
OMAN COOK, $25 WOMAN
"» cook. $8 a week; woman cook, $.0 and room ;
head waitress, $25 and room : chambermaid and
wait some, $20 and room: waitress, city, $20 and
room; lady to take charge of dressmaking parlors :
waitress who can speak French; woman cook for
10 boarders: houseglrl, »an Ness avenue, $20;
young girl San i.eandro: girl Bartleti street. $20;
girl. Fair Oaks, $20: girl, Filbert st.. $20: German
nursegirl, Haywards, $15: girl, Tehama, $15;
second trirl, $20: 13 housegirls, $15: 9 housegirls,
920: 17 young girls, $3, $10 and 12 per month,
assist, etc., nice families: 7 small girls, $5. $6 and
97 per month. MARTIN'S, 749 Market su
WANTED— FRENCH WAITRESS, BOARD-
» » Ing-house, $18: German or French cook, small
family. $30; woman wash dishes, restaurant;
girls for housework, $20 and $15: 2 French
nurses. $25 each; German nurse and upstairs,
$20. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton su
CIOOK, FAMILY OF 3, $25: ALSO SECOND
\J girl, $20; infant's nurse. $25: Swedish grl
for housework, 2 In family, $20; 2 nurse girls. $12
and $15, and a number of others. MRS. HIRD,
721 Kills su
OTEL LAUNDRESS, $251 WORKING
housekeeper. $12 60; housework, country,
910. R. T. WARD <fc CO., 610 Clay s ._.
6 GOOD GIRLS>OR HOU'SKWORK. 920: BEC-
U ond girl. 926: second girl. $15, country. GER-
MAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306 Mason sU
. p ERMAN COOK AND SEC ND GIRL,
VJ country, $25 and $15, fare paid; woman for
country, $16, fare paid; 5 German girls for house-
work, 920, and others. Call early. German Em-
ployment Oflice. 306 Mason st. -
■\T_AT YOUNG GIRL; COOKING. HOUBE-
-1 work; small family; Berkeley. Anply 632
Market su. room 6.
"V" OUNG GIRLTO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
X work and sleep at home. Call Monday early,
636 Ellis sU
WANTED — YOUNG LADY TO LEARN
" swinging rings to travel with acrobatic team.
Address Stage, box 61, Call Offlce.
RELIABLE WOMAN OR GIRL TO CARE
XX for baby; good home; wages small; no wash.
Call 737 Hayes St. ■
YV ANTED— FOR THE COUNTRY, A GOOD
TT cook and sec nd girl. Apply from 9 to 12
a. M. at 1900 Washington gU .
GIRL WANTED iO ASSIST IN LIGHT
housework. 912 McAllister st. ; call early.
(> IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE WORK. AP^
VJ ply 1206 Kddy. between 9 and 12 o'clock.
"yOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUESWORK.
1 1218b Eddy sU
V inTshbr AND PRESSER ON custom
r coats. Call 21 Harriett at. all week.
WANTED — BASTERS AND FINISHERS
and pressers. 108 Battery st.
ANTED— GIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
work in the country. Apply 818 Kddy sU
TRONGGIRL OK WOMAN; LIGHT HOUSE-
work: sleep home. Cor. fourth and Welsh. 102.
GOOD FINISHERS WANTED ON CUSTOM
r coat an button-holes. 28 Fell st.
XPERIKNC'ED APPRENTICE ON CUSTOM
XJ coats; paid while learni ig. 208*4 seventh st.
WOMAN WANTED FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
" work In small family. 1111 Scott st.
p ERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL WANTED TO
VX assist with light housework. 823 Geary si.
HANDS WITH FACTORY EXPERIENCE
on ladles' waists and wrappers. 126 Eighth.
GIRL AS WAITRESS: ALSO ONE FOR
kitchen: sleep at home. 604 Va Geary st.
"V OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST AT HOUSEWORK".
X 1019 Fair Oaks St.. near 1 wenty-fif.h.
\7" OUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK:
X wages $8. Apply 179 Noe si., near Fifteenth.
GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; WAGES
$10. 320 Third st.
OMAN WANTED TO ASSIST AT HOUSE-
work; wages $10. Call 901 Battery su
OMAN FOR WASHING. 1151 OCTAVIA
" su, bet. Ellis and Eddy.
p ERMAN UIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
VJ work; wages $10 to $12. Call from 2 to 3, 607
Third su
IND, ENERGETIC WOMAN TO MEET IN-
vallds. Address E. 1., box 99. Call.
ANTED— WOMAN FOR COUNTRY: GEN-
eral housework; German preferred; $12. W.,
box 22, Call. _^
IKL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK AND
cooking. Call after 9, 1913 Devisaderosu
ANTED— PUPILS FOR BEST MILLINER*
school in city: teacher of en years' experi-
ence; large class now forming for full work; large
workroom; references given. 41OLeavenwortb st.
LYNN'S DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: BEST
on the coast. 14 McAllister St., room 56.
IRL FOR HOUSEWORK IN COUNTRY.
Call 317 Oak st.
TVTEW SKIUT PATTERNS; JUST IN; 25c.
11 McDoWELL Dressmaking School, 636 Mar-
ket su
AIR-DKESSINO: MANICURING LESSONS
given MISS DOYLE. 212 Powell su. 105 9th.
TJ AIRDRESaINO. 250 AND 3.V. JMORMNU
XX and eve classes; 10Ieasons,91 50. I*J4H Mission.
\rOST CONVENIENT AND RKSPKCTABLK;
JX Winchester House, 44 Third au. near Market:
-.00 rooms; 26c 10 *1 60 per night; $1 60 to $$
}T week: Iree 'bus anil uaviase 10 and from ferr*.
male help IV ANTED.
ANTED^2 MORE QUiVRTZ miners
$2 60 day: shop butcher and driver, $20 and
found: bandy man for ranch; young wagon-maker,
$3J to $65; boy for vegetable garden, 910 and
found; American restaurant rook, 918 week, and
other". Apply to J. F. CROSETT <& CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
EAT AND PASTRY COOK, COUNTRY
hotel, 9t50: dishwasher, same place, 920:
broiler, hotel. $50; potwasher for springs, open the
year round, $20: V dishwashers for an institution,
country, $25: dishwasher, country hotel. $ 5 and
free fare; cook for tugboat, $25. C. R. HANSEN
A CO., 110 Geary st.
TEWARD, CoUNiRY HOTEL, $40; HEAD
0 waiter, country hotel, $40: barkeeper, country
hotel, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
p ARDENER AND WIFE, WITH GOOD KEF-
Vjr erences. for a private place; country: $40 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
\ir ANTED TO-DAY (SU;\DAY)-COOK FOR
TT 5 men on ranch, $20; see party here: office
open from 9toloa. U. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO.,
110 Geary st.
90 WOODCHOPPERS. $1 A CORD; 20DR1LL-
£*\J ers and hammermen, near City; 20 tiemak-
ers, 8c each; 16 farmers, $20 to $2 i : garden boy.
$15; 2 American farmers; tailor for a country
shop; ranch cook; 6 hotel cooks, $25, $30 to ?6U-
.1 waiters, $30. MURRAY* READY, Leading
Employment Atents. 634-636 Clay st.
CA ORAPEPICKERB FOR A HANKING
O\t company, $20 and found: 3 carpenters for a
ranch: 6 miners, gold mine. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-636
Clay sU
ANCH BLACKSMITH AND TEAM, «20;3
scraper teamsters for ranch, 520; cook, small
place, $20; ranch cook: man to contract to dry
figs. R. T. WARD & CO., 608 and 610 C!ay st.
\\T ANTED— WAITER PLAIN HOTEL, $25-
-• » waiter small restaurant, $•> week and room;
dishwasher; $15: v-getnbleman, $20: butler, $30:
eta LEON ANDRE. 316 Stockton st.
If\ CASHBOYS, $3 A WEEK; 5 DI«H-
-XV washers: 3 waiters: 6 cooks; shoemakers.
MARTIN'S. 749 Market si.
CIITY SALESMAN FOR SOMETHING NEW.
) Apply bet. 9 and 10. B. W. PRINDLE, 401
Market st .- ' ,
SCANDINAVIAN OR GERMAN BOY TO
0 work in coalyard and care for horses. 1327
Mission st. -" : '
BARBER WANTED; STEADY. 431 A
T. Third st. :.
AN WILLING TO WORK; MUST HAVE
925. Address J., box 15, Call Office. •
BOY TO LEARN BAR~BER TRADE. APPLY
1703 Market St.
WANTED— MIDDLE-AGED MAN AS POR-
TT ter. Apply Central Hotel, 530 Third st.
SHOEMAKER, FOR REPAIRING: ALSO
boy wanted. 638 Market su
K OY FOR PRINTING OFFICE. APPLY 619
• > Filbert su
T UNCH WAITER. 28 FIRST ST. ~~~~
rjIAILORS WANTED FOR SiSATROOM- CON"
X venlent place. 803 Montgomery, R. 6, 3d floor.
\y ANTED— CLOAK PBESSER. 16 TURK ST.
'NDER-PRESSER ON CUSTOM COATS. 106
, Battery at.
pOOK WANTED AT 1653 MARKET STREET.
ARXESS-MAKER; YOUNG MAN; GOOD
steady job. D., box 132, this office.
V.V ANTED— GOOD TINSMITH. APPLY TO
" power _ PIKE. 49 Sacramento st.
YY" ANTED— COOK. 427 LARKIN STREET.
CM PiO FIRST-CLASS 4-CHAIR HOTEL-
fS>^:*JVf. shop: cost 9800. C. P., box 4, Call.
SAILORS WANTED AT LANE'S, 604 DAVIS
St., Mariner's Home. a
VOL! FIND coffee John's NEW place
X 9 Stockton st., open day and night; prices are
the same us in the ola, 613 Clay su
rANTKD— LADIES' TAILORS. M. J. KEL-
'" LKR Company, Oakland.
VV ANTED - * AMA N AT THOMPSON'S
'' California House, 103 Clark su
\V ANTED-FOR THE UNITED STATES
» Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years-
not less thin 6 feet 5 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read.
write and sneak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this , important branch of the naval
service offers special , Inducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further Information apply at the
Recruiting Office. 20 Ellis su. San Francisco. CaL
.ft 4 PANTS TO ORDER; LATEST STYLES.
«4Pt WERTHMAN Pants Co.. 22y 3 Geary su
G E a SHAVE aT THE LADY-BARBER
VJ shop. 767 Howard st. -. . -■. ■ ,
"DEST LN CITY-SING i.E ROOMS, 18. SO AND
v.JS t ata P**^ n1 « nt - ' **> »1 25. 91 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and LelUesdorfl sis.
HELP ' WANTED— Continued.
AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
• > P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
OURXEYMEN BARBERS* EMPLOYMENT
tl secretary, H. BERNARD. 102 Seventh st.
OaRBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
-L> ment Kecretary, CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Clay.
L) ARBER-SHOP AT A BARGAIN; 2 CHAIRS:
'> 15c. 1310 Castro St., opposite carhouae.
TV" ANTED— IDEA; WHO CANTHINK OF
11 some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBORN _ Co., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C, for their $1800 prize
offer and list of 200 inventions wanted.
\\T ANTED — MEN TO LKARN BARBER
»» trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School. 1515 Howard.
AiNTED— 50 MEN FOR SINGLE ROOMS;
, $1 week, 26c night. 321 Ellis st; Rosedale.
EN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c.: LADIES, 40a:
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will <fc Flnck's,S.F-
noOMb 15c TO 76c PER NIGHT; 50C TO »1 60
XV per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm su
1 ARGKST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
XJ on hand: shoes to order, 93 60; hand-sewed
shoes, $5. 720i^ Howard su, beu Third and Fourth
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST..KEAB
Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and irom the ferry.
RY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
I INDELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD
I ' sts. ; single furnished rms 75c week. 16c night.
H.-REIIOVX.D FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Clay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch. sc.
"UT ANTED— SINULK ROOMS, 150 A DAY: $1
»» »»«ek; rooms for two, 25a a day, $1 Mi weeit;
readlnc-room: daily papers. . 36 Cla.' sU
VAT ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
»T en>Acler«. KNOX Collection Agcy. 110 Sntter
VTEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION BET.
—i 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 16c to
50c;week $1 to $2 50 ;reuding- room ;strlctesi atten-
tion to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all nlghu
|i|/|MKN TO TAKE LODuINU &.T lOC, 14c
X\f\J and 30c a night. Including ccSXto anarotU,
tS4 Washington si., near Kearny.
WANTED— IiABOHERs AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Koikio, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 100
largo rooms: 25c per nigh $1 to $3 per week.
\\r ANTED, YOUR SHOES— WE REPAIR
* * shoes up to 12 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through the day can have their shoes repaired
at nig it while you wait: ladles' soling, 35c; men's
soling, 60c: fine shoes made to order irom $2 up:
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c up to
92 50. f>62 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
AGEXTS. WAXT£D.
LADY' SOLICITOR FOR "re AL IiBTATE;
will pay salary and good commission. 468
Ninth St., Oakland.
LOCAL AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE
at NEUHaUS & CO.'S, 115 Kearny st.
SEEDS' POPULAR WATER FILTER; $1 50
will start yon. BRICK & CO., 719 Market sU
AGENTS — 'PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS
of General Nelson A. Miles," Commander-in-
chief of the United States army, and the greater
of Indian lighters; the most remarkable book of
the century: apply at nncp for choice of territory.
i: PERSON, Mana?" ' «n Ascription Department,
THE WHITAKEIt V V CO., 723 Market sU
~~~~~Ho^lio WANTED.
WE WANT IOME choice! COTTAGEST
houses and flats immediately to fill the de-
mands if our clients settling for th» winter. A. J.
F.Il'HAC'i).. Reiil Estate Agen 8. 11*-' .Vonicomery
WANTED-UISCELLA. >l/ 3.
\\r ANTED— CKRTIFICATE I.N TluTcoXT^
'» dealers' Union. J. H. DUNCAN, 126 Kearny.
OLD GOLD .\ND LVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
ry, watches repaired. MUNI), 1133^ Mission.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW- |
O elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.; send postal, j
LODGING-HOUSES FOX SALE.
lOFFF.R FpITTA^LE~THTs~DiirY '
FOR CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS
THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS
27 -room house. $700 'J2-room house $500
10- room house. 150 24 rooms, corner.. 750
65 rooms, cor. . 3,000 14 rooms onSuiter 700
11 rs., must sell 200 66 rooms.best city.3,500
15 rooms, new. 1,250 31-room house 1,400
27 rooms, new. 3,000 110 rooms, corner..
£00 rooms,hotel.slo.ooo 11 rooms, 0n1y.... 75
35 rooms. cent r; 2.500 1 10 rooms.Jones st. 300
—I SELL AND EXCHANGE REAL ESTATE—
— AND BUSINESS PLACES OF ALL KINDS
H. C. DKCKER, 1020 Market su. opp. Fifth.
A /(-RO> >M HOUSE; OWNER SICK AND MUST
ttU leave city. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
r«"| ROOMS; RENT 9100; FINK LOCATION.
U L Apply 11. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
JO-ROOM HOTEL, CLEARING 9200 PER
•dO month. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
ORNER HOUSE; 32 ROOMS: NICELY FUR-
\J nlshed. DECKER, 1020 Market su
If) HOOMS. ..... $126119 ROOMS. 9 750
XV.' 45 rooms *. 625 60 rooms. 2,000
14 rooms, Sutter. 600 22 rooms 450
66 rooms, fine... 3,250 12 rooms 225
132 rooms, new. 7,500 84 rooms 1,500
UN DERWOOD & CO.. 765 Market su
<sMfin LODGING-HOUSE; 15 ROOMS, ALL
<®'±\J\J. full: clears sso. McßAE, B27 Mission.
LODGING-HOLSE: 20 KOOMS; LOW RENT";
making money; good Investment. 303 4th st.
ODGING -HOUSE, 9 ROOMS: RENT $20:
water free; good location. B. 8., box 119,
Call Office.
0t A f\(\ 8 WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS: 1
<p"J:VV/. block from Baldwin 11 teL Apply Call.
CMC A 20 Ri'OMS; FULL; RENT $35;
*iP'±O\J. snap. See SKIFF, 921 Market st.
yURNISHED HOUSES: 12 TO 130 ROOMS;
P $300 to $10 0"O. PHELt's<ft i-Q.. gi7 i.arkin.
I'IJEXITDBK iron SALE.
OUR NEW xIORE'IS COMPLETED AND WE
are in it: four floors, running from Mission to
Minna st., in all 1% acres of floor space, are
packed with household goods of all kinds, parlor,
bedroom and kitchen outfits of all kinds and in
endless variety: if you are thinking of purchasing
anything needed in a home, from a pair of blan-
kets to a completely furnished bouse, pay us a
visit; it costs you nothing: our numbers are 1017,
1019, 1021 and 1023 Mission st., above Sixth. J.
NOON AN. W.Vi*r:-y ;■•..; -.--; -;--• 7
T L J.NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH ST.. FOX
lowest prices on household goods, new or
good as new; cash or time; open evenings.
(TiURNITURE 3-KOOM F. AT; NO DEALERS;
X good opportunity 10 buy. 27 Lafayette su
A(\(\ CARPETS: ~ CHAMBER SETS. $14:
"VJ \r stoves, $5: parlor sets. 820: folding-beds,
910: bar outfits. T D. McC '■ RTII Y. 76-1 Mission.
FIKMTUKE WANTED. ~~
TF YOU WA>T GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
X lere and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin.
AsH PAID FOR E.nTIKE HOUSES OR
smaller lots of furniture, carpets, etc J.
BOWCHER, 222 Stockton; send postal.
fpO SELL FURNITURKTO ADVANTAGE TRY
1 M. SILVKR.sTx.IN,i»t>9 Howard su ;send postal
BUCKINGHAM FUKMTOKK CO. PAY'S
XJ highest price for furniture, carpets, etc. ; send
postal. 866 Mission st.
INDIANA AUCTION CO.. SUCCESSORS TO M.
XJ. SIMMONS' aiic. Co.. 1057 Market, pays cn.nh
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. ~T
AN ELEGANT HARDMAN PIANO SACRl-
flced by a private party obliged to dispose of
it. . Room 12, Flood building, 809 Market si.
A 4-STORY BUILDING. CORNER OF
A. Kearny and Sutter sis., full of pianos: these
Instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
*3, $4. $5, $6, $7, $8. $9, $10, $12, $15. 920 and
$25 per month; best of every grade from lowest
prxes to Steinway Baby, Parlor and Concert
Grands: why pay rent when better pianos can be
bought from us for about seme payments ? every
piano guaranteed ; tine wood-seat stool and draped
cover Included: no charge. for ravage: pianos
kept in order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLaY _ CO., cur. Kearny and Suttnr sta.. also
Oakland, Cal., Portland, Or., Seattle, Wash.; Stein-
way representatives for tne Pacific Coasu
1 BUY PIANOS AND ORGANS IN tAKLOAD
X lots and for cash, and being In mv own build-
Ing, with no rent to Day, I can offer any one desir-
ing an instrument better value for less money than
any other music house in San Francisco; Investi-
gate and be convinced. HARRY SCOTT 526
Hayes sU ■ '
CTUaLLY' THE BEST BARGAINS IN Pr-
anos; see our list for this week; piano* on »S.
$4. $5, $8, $7. $8. 99, 910. $15, 920 monthly pay-
ments; fine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere in the city and kept tuned by .ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO
salesrooms 98S Market st., opp. Mason.
N IMMENSE STOCK OF NEW AND SEC-
ond-band pianos from leading makers- no-
body can offer belter terms and prices: remember
ours is the oldest and largest music-house west of
Chicago; call or write. KOHLER _ CHASE 28
O'Farrell st., San Francisco. "*o_, zo
I. ARGAIN; PIANO FOR $75, 9100, $175 *200
1 > and $250. at MAUVAIS', 763 Market su
■L"» INK PIANO AT LOW RENT. INQUIRE OF
J W.C. HAMILTON. 324 Post su LlK *' OF
KTIRING FROM BUSINES— PIANOS AT A
sacrifice to promptly close out stock: Knabe
Hairier and Bush <fc Gerts. a. L. BANCROFT i.
CO., 324 Post su >--.* . °*
<%1 Bl RLKD WALNUT UPRIGHT Bu*
*$ I OV. ton make piana BRCENN's, 228 Post
MAGNIFICENT STKINWAY' UPRIGHT A v r>
Schubert: litUe used: sacrifice. 1019 y"n y£_?
GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP FOR ■■.>»'
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hir^rnia Bau^!
\\t i;. Badger, solk agent for hai 1 iff
V> .& Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 sa^w
O^iS KEKINO. KNABK. STKCK. VOSE. STBttT
TO LEASE.
T^OR RKNT OR I^EAsS^^Pv^rT^tjOT^^v^
X I cor. Polk and Jackson sts. rent $50
moatn, Addxess J. a., 4a7 Saisome a^' s. ft *"
—
bttsinkss^chancks^
tat Tone "and HAIR Store; fink
locality: cheap rent%nd 4 fine living-rooms in
connection: see this place, i| will interest yoa ,
T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye. - __—
a, - r-f\ BAKERY BAKING 2 BARRELS OF
&ODU. flour per day; established 20 years;
fine horse and wagon, and a snap for the money,
see It. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<m iAr v STATIONERY AND CIGARS.; DO-'
$400. in« nice business: fine locality on Mar-
ket st. ; low rent ; must be sold immediately: fullest
investigation: line buy for th> money; see iv r.
BELSKI. 7 City Hall aye. .»"
A LOON- CORNER; ESTABLISHED 10
O years: Na 1 locality; opposite carhbuse; low
rent; long lease; fine Jiving apartments: Suitable
for a r roadhouse or hotel ; this is a wotffey-maklng
place. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Halt aveauet « «
<2>OZ.f\ SALOON WITH FOUR FINE LIV-
JJpOOU. ing-rooms and bath, doing good busi-
ness: cheap rent: fine locality: fine Business.for
the money. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenne.
_7nn ONE OF* THE FINEST RESTAU*-
•IP<UU. rants in City: gooJ location; doing
business of $40 per day; established years: has
always made money: stand full feivt-'stisation;
reason for sailing, owner moving lnio.own Prop-
erty : and any one wanting a business of tHis kind
will find on investigation all that is claimed for ft:
this is a rare chance. T. LCiBELSKI, 7 \ iiy Hall ay.
T AI'KDKT ROUTE FOR SALE, 'WJTH
XJ wagon; paying handsome profit; established
4 years; a'so dyeing and cleaning route; owner
has other business. Full particulars address X.
L.. box 87, Call Office. ; ' '
TO BUY, SEI+L OR EXCHANGE; A BUSl-
ness of any kind see STRANP A CO4 45 Third.
©Q^A GROCERY AND BAR: NO- 1 tOCA*
tIPoOU. tlon. STRAND <!C; CO., 46 Third St.
<2tQ(\f\ PARTNER WANTK.U 1$ ME.vT .
tJpOvlU. market: sure to clear $300 nionth: fine
horses, wagons, etc. GUS STRAND, 45 Third su
o>l Q- BARBER SHOP ON MARKET'ST.; "
3M_i»J. make offer. GUS STRAND. 45 Tbird.
OR BARGAINS IN SALOONS, GROCERIES.
and bars see GUS STRAND. TBlrd st.
(»')|W| COFFEE AND LUNCH PAriLOBS^,
tJpOUU. clears $40 weekly over all expenses;
best bargain in the city; don't fail to see it; trial.
given. SKIFF. 921 MarkeH * * _____..
Old established BAKERY; BAKES i-'Vi
barrels a day; 2 line horses and wrgon; large .
store »nd outside trade; will sell cheap ol; account
death In family; trial given. SKIFF. 921 Market.-
fllj 1O- BRANCH BAKRR T, CANDY-
<R)I<I.O. store; rent $15. SKIFF, 921 Manteu
"i^ETmTi SALOON, MARKET ST. : BEST
is!iO\J\J\J. fitted up place on the coast: 2 castt •
registers, safe, etc : laiire stock of best quality on -
hand; low rent; business wilt speak for Itself;
more than value in sight; owner made fortune.,
and is retiring. STENBERG CO., 682 Market su*
IGHKST CASH PRICE PAID .FOR FUR-/
nltnrea, restaurants, saloon fixtures and grocery
stocks. STENBERG CO.. 632 Market St. _^
OTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF Y^A RS^
JIL new B-story and basement brick building,
containing 98 rooms; also ground floor and well-
lighted basement;' centrally located, half blocuf.
north of Market su, and one block from Baldwin
Hotel and Emporium -building; newly furnished .•
throughout: furniture for sale on* reasonable
terms. For further particulars apply to S. Sllr
VERBEHG. 320 San some St.. room 39. .___
Tj^Oß SALE— OF TiiE OLDEST ESTA H- .
JP lished liquor-saloons In the city, together'wita-
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
in fine order; has a tine day and night trade; situ- :
ated in the , very heart of rlie city, and day and
night travel; two floors nicely furnished rooms at-.'
tnched; sickness the only reason for selllns. Ad-
rir.-s-. for pArtlenlarn M. M.. box ]00. Call Office.
Hi- • 1 i/j Fo.t SALK.— A VARIETY AND j
(a>iJ\J\J. candy-store with fixtures, etc.: recently
opened; near school; new house; comfortable
living-rooms, bath,, Urge yard: rent very moder-
ate: a rare opportunity for man and wife. Apply
at 1369 Haight st , near Masonic aye , betweeu 10
and 11 a. M. or 3 and 4 p. m. , *
dl^On TEAMING AND EXPRESS' *BU.SI-
«JPO\JU. ness: doing haallns for 2 wholesale
produce commission houses and 2 shipping agents;
clearing $175 to $260 per month; has 2 large
American horses, 4 large wagons! this is one of the
best openings in the city for An active man. GEO.
STEWART, 602 Market st. . •' . ... .; '
HALF INTEREST IN GROCERY BUSINESS '
near the city: old stand; good stock and trade;
old age and sickness 'cause of sale: .bargain; no
brokers:, rash price $11 Particulars of D. \V.
PHILBRICK, 2548 a Folsom St. .
I WANT A BUSINESS MAN WITH SMALL'
capital not to exceed $500 to take charge and •
manage manufacturing business while I travel ■
grand opportunity; wil 1 clear $150 month. ~l\i
Third St.. room 5. . * . .
■\7-ARIETY-STORE; FINEST LOCATION IN
> wards; good trade; will aell for $800 or
Invoice; other business cause of selling; call and
investigate. F. HOOS"oN, Haywards; or apply ■
at Call Office. ■ " ■' '
C-r'fift SALOON; DANCE RUNNING UP-
tilpUUl/. stairs 3 nights we^k:. low rent ? splen-
did opportunity for right party to make a lortune;
sell at once. MYERS ifc GRAHAM, 777 Market.
G«Q-:/W» BEST- PAYING BUSINESS IN-.
tJpOUUV/. vestment In San Francisco; station-
ery, notions, etc.; established 1889; must be sold.
Address P.. box 35. Call Office. • •* • •
*JAn OI.D-ESTA r-LISHED CORNER
•ipttUU. saloon: 8 flne l ivin^- -rooms': low rent:
fitted up In first-class vie; best location; great
bargain. Apply this office. .
EADQUARTKRS FOR POU L T R V
ranches and business chances of aH kinds. K.
HILL, Real Estate and Business* Agent, 997 Mar-
ket St., cor. Sixth. . *
GjO^n SALOON UP TO ■ DATE ;• 'DOING
— OU. fine business; in best locality; rent
Cheap: disagreement of par.nersi bargain. a 640
Howard st. » # • . .. "
Ik YOU WANT TO sell or EXCHANGE
X property, city or country, read our Bulletin oi
Exchanges. UNDERWOOD" <fc CO., 765,Markeu
<2jQX() STATIONERY, NOTIONS, CIGARS,
tJP«Jc»V/. etc.; will sell by inventory: connected
with leading hotel; Market st. HEALY.23
\KT ELL- PAYING LUNCH AND. COFFEE
»» bouse: large yard: 50 chickens; $^00«,,owner
must retire. 145 Tenth st. • .
O-CHAIR SHOP; DOING GOOD BUSINESS;
0 central; owner retiring from business. Thia
office. ' . . •"
T/«ULLY EQUIPPED PRINTING-OFFICE- JOB
X I and book work; cost $5000: sell $2000: receipts
$500 month. Address A. A., box 15, Call Office.
AKERY FOR SALE AT REASONABLE!
price; pood corner location; good outside and
store trade; well established. Apply Call Office.
p BOCERY AND BaR FOR SALK: 'KEPT BY
VJT present owner for eleven years; price $600.
SW. cor. Twenty-sixth and Bartlett sts.
* T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. COWAN BUYS
-TV stores: negotiates mortgages on merchandise-
pells on commission. Room 15.26 Montgomery.
STATIONERY', SCHOOL SUPPLIES NoT
O tions. bakery, cigars, laundry, postal agency:
5 furnished rooms, in Gough su, cor. Lily aye. '
«*Qf;n SALOON; ON WATER FRONT; EsZ
<J)OUU. tablished for 20 years: a bargain; sick-
ness cause of sale. Call at 1523 Sanchez
I DELICATESSEN AND GROCERY- STORE- 4
i-f furnished rooms: good location; must. sell ihia
week; very reasonable. 2008 H yt s t.
I 'OR SALE-AX OLL-ESTABLISUED* COR~
ncr liquor-store and bar; near Cit3-.iialL Ca'l
at 103 Powell st. HILRERT BROS. * l
FOR SALE-OLD -ESTABLLSHID. CORNER
A saloon in best location: best of reasons given.
Address B. 8.. box 40, this office. ' *.
KP. QUINN. 63. CHRONICLE BUILB!
. sells ranciies, stores, business properties, col'
lecta rents and'w/ites Insurance. , . . .
<2»1 9(\ GEARY «T.-PAYJ.NG "fiAKERf .
1A%78k a r,^su fflCe: 3 " ■<*"*«-. KO0 . l!
SALK-LAUNDRY ROUTE. ST. NICH&
bet ?a^Td U lO A *'2 c " VenleeDth "' >"}ar.F6ljom; call
1,-OR SALE-LAUNDRY ROUTE. ST. Nil HoT
bV,?9\ n i vu i n 0 <t A r-. Bevcßt ? ieat f- aUi - -^
OTART YOUR OWN; BUSINESS; STORE*
I How t< rd cr ° Om ' dinln B roo . m - kitchen to l^t. 647
NEWSPAPER ROUTR IN 'kNTEr'iOR.CITY."
this oS W SUD trancist - u - For Particulars apply
Vt AN WHO AS 25 CAPITAL WANTED A3
m partner b/ lady. 223 Post St., room 2.
$100 B t UAWu « BAKERY. CANDY ANr)
<JPIUU. stationery^ store for sale. 807 Brvanu
.pHICKEN RANCH FOR SALE: -CHEaF
V> Apply DiMMUS, P. P., YrnltvaleT' A *
A LOON: LONG LEASE; LOW RENT* AP-
ply at Union Brewery. Eighteenth and Florida,
1 , ANl ', A COFFEE BALOON: STATE*LOCA-
j X tion and particulars. I. R., box 93, Call. ■
f} ANDY-STORE* AND FACTO CaTblh
V gain; gcoj stock. Apply call Office. • .
MERCHANDISE STOCKS AND FIVTCRIci
i^l bought by J. C. MUTHER. 632 Market, rm. j
Ft^e^K^arny. 001 ' DaY " a^^ .«xuax
S A F L o°u^ anS £S^HOWARDST.,BE T :
KTui^af g£ S^ ACKUSS THE BAY - 1^
Q^viiM&itLL*^?* A *ERICA-THB
CAKVET CLE,VXI>G.
__^n^^^^^
J "agSh^r&i g__g__as£y MM> *****
p/.RPET CLEANING. -Hu: LAYING <k- • RP<*
free: tel. Jeasie 944^jtraVot % »bA
W HEN YOU BECtiMK DISGUSTh^ XfiTIL
£2 or . WWo rk, Bend, k ,Bend to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car-
Pet Beating Works, 353- tl Tehama st ; teL So- 40.
\J (.olden Gat» ..v.... ,»\* vhone eaat j^*
■y ting. K«Bth. >.TEVKNS. m^r^TeJ' sooth 231
ting. .^MBth. STEVEN'S, mirr. 'leL sooth 2SX
O A 1 £. PETS VLJi ANED AND KENOVATEa
)J like new. FERGUSON * CO H3 Tenth; «
bonth an. D MACJCLNTOSBL &CO- gnccoaaao.HOUSES TO "LET.
6 WALLER ST., KB. CORN EB — KICK
house: 10 rooms and hath: suu all day; K4O.
Apply MADISON A BURKE.
91 £ GOUGH— NICE HOUSE; 9 KOOMS AND
6lv bath; »3q MADISON & BURKE.
QAq FELL—LARGE LOT; HOUSE, 8 ROOHs;
• >>»••' r. Ht his3s. Apply MADISON & BCHKK,
».-_TOKY HOL'Sh.; 6 ROOMS; BATH; RENT
-. $22, "with water. 521 Oo avla st. ■
l U\NY HOUSK; SIX ROOMS; BATH; RENT
O $18. 1706 Baker at. .
OCSE* 7 ROOMS: FURNISHED OR UN-,
furnisbPd> conservatory: tiled bathroom:
■ crounds; ten low to responsible tr-uaut. 434 Bart-
leu st, ne3r«T\vqnty-rUlh.
');_*. MODERN SUNNY HOUSE; 6 ROOMS:
•^-•7. bath; large flower-garden; cellar. 613
• Grove st- '• •. ;*^ «.
EA.KGIOUN.NY HOUSK; BATH; YARD AND
stable: Tt-iitTeasonable. 2943 Howurq st
vj~A 1Q L .*M_*ARD ST.— i SUNNY ROOMS;
_ . r) iflrjjeyarti; rent $10. __^
HOUSE- OF 7 SUNNY ROOMS: BATH; BIG
y ard -.; rea.«oji a l e rent. ' 123 Tenth st.
• L INK MODERN HOUSE 8 ROOMS; BATH;
' ' conservator... :-ho.-air heaters. 2919 California.
• C(«.T\v2nt Y SECOND, NR. DOLORES— S
OudD ujCe sunny rooms and bath; rent $12 60.
UNNY~.B BOO M HOUSK — FIRST-CLa"6S
• style; rent 945. ,19u9 Buchanan st.
'■• TpORTHK'cHtUCEsTIiIsT OF 'HOUSES GO
X" to A. J.;KIUH i Co*, Real Estate Agents, 112
• Montgomery.,*!. . .
. 1 RvrV-" r "~ YIA)lt SUNNY llul'SK.lo ROOMS;
. j cl4y. bath;/Ine view; rent reasonable.
_ T1 OUS_ V)F~4 ROOMS, j-üßxisHJ d Trent
• XX $n. "A jply 515 Second^u
•" T>*LKGAN*r:sUNN,Y HOUSE, 12 ROOMS; COR.
'XJ * fwenty-flrstaad Guerrero sis.; fine view elec-
\trlc..cars. very low rent; see It Key at corner.
"I.UL'EKIK ST.; 7 ROOMS ANDBXTH;
"<i'l '''• newlr;papered and painted throughout;
large yard; .cheapest rent In town; water free.
' <Aj"P'y ! i" * I cELRojY,-4 Phelan building. '
• •.P?.-EGANTSpNNYHOUsK,B ROOMS: MOD-
X_.erp improvements; rent reasonable. 818 Mc-
Allister st, •
." " -LJ-OUSKS To itKNT FOR VBKY LIT ILK
• XX money at BALDWIN <_ HAMMOND'S, 10
'>}ontpomerv st. •
•_ TtvKnsm&tt iioi t ses. *
Flat^B~elT_gant newly furnished
rooms; $aOO. 9B*a Howard st.
"1- -ROOMED HOUSE. FURNISHED Ort US-
•■« nimlsh"(l. 1312 Pine «t.
/. COTTAGES TO LET.
:G3J.QA —7 ROOMS 'AND BATH; 488 HAIGHT.
0 oV . $15—6 rooms and bath: 943 Fourteenth.
$9—5 ro.)_is and stable; Army st., cor. Potrero
five. NICOL. 534y 3 California st.
rp WO COTTAGES: 4 AND 5 ROOMS: BATH;
, -L rent $9. 914. 3*7 Cumberland »t.
SUNN V .COTTAGES. 4 AND 5 ROOMS, BATH,
. kj yard and stable. Fifteenth ana Dolores tts.
"•It 1 A hIM COTTAGE IN TOWN, 3 TAY ST.,
rJpXV/.VJV". off; Clay, bet. Powell and Mason.
COTTAGE OF'«4 ROOMS AND BATH; LARGE
\J yard;* fine view; 2303 Polk st.
/COTTAGE 6 RQOMS3ATJU, STABLE, YARD,
\J large basement; rent $15. 107 Germanla st.,
near Filiruore.
TO 6 ROOM NICE FLATS AND COTTAGES;
910 to $15. SPECK -.CO., <JO2 Market st.
' 9C9_l MISSION— SPLENDID COTTAGE 8
•_C— 'r rooms and bath: yard: flower gnrrlen: $18.
a ; FU«XISH_D FLATS.
].pOR SALE ATA SACRIFICE— NICELY FUR-
•-T n!sh<>ti flat: 7 rooms: bath. 125 Grov<»at'
' ;". • "■•"'.WATS TO LET.
H' A N I^SO^E^^r^PE^r^LAT^OF" 7" ROOMS
.aq.a. bath"; sun In' every room. 2409 Pacific
...ave., .near Fillmore. . » : -".r
BDA--E PLACE..OFF GOLDEN GATE AYE.,
Bet: Leaven worth and Hyde — 6 rooms and bath.
OCT*A*VIA, bet. waller and HAIOHT,
opp, Va e'ne^a; rent greatly seduced; thecheap-
.-e^t nats in tbe city: sun all day; will be put in first-
'class oraer; 6 and 7 rooms and bath; 920 and $25.
. MaDIsON $ B.URKE, 626 Market st.
' .Q.l >_> HYDE— THE MOST. ELEGANT FLAT
• tJXt-l.in tho'efty ; 8 rooms, bath, butler's pantry,
etc.; s* minutes from Kearny or Market sts.; 950.
Apply MA'DJCSON _; BCRKE. .
RABLE FLATS OF 3 ROOMS: IN PER-
. ±/..fect order; Margaret place, off Turk; only a
ft* .v s tens from 'Market St.; rent "educed to $12:*
water 'free: 1 rubbish removed gratis: keys 114
Tusk st- *.App;g BUVEK, TOY" & SONNTAG.
ll"iljf\VA\NT X NJ4.E SUNNY FLAT oR
X cottagp, see me; -I have some nice furnished
cottages to-let. a T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
• \V H^ PA.\-SJSTOS3\) PER MONTH RENT
* ' -whpn you can get a sunny flat of 5 rooms ana
. bath ijl Mission' warm belt for $15 per month,
.. water free.- E. M. LONG, 3207 Twenty-second St.,
cor. of —fiss.lq'b*. • ...
SPN« Y. "MIDDLE FLAT, 6 ROOMS AND
:■ 'kj bath": reinV reasonable. 871. Shot well st.
FP-E^K. -FLAIVB BOOMS; BATH: CELLAR;
. opr>bsite.Lgrline Baths. Key 1212 Larkin st.
' (j.VA 1 UPPBR FLAT; 4 ROOMS; HALL;
. 0-lv."<!o.ubiß parlors. 1606% Stevenson st.,
'.' near Eighteenth. ■ ' .
• ENT CHEAP; FLAT: 4 NlC_ ROOMS. bib
" -.Tbirteebth,."hjet. -Guerrero and Market sts.
' '. 1 JOT OCT-VV^A. NR. POST— SUNNY BAY-
Xtt—rJ, wijndow.flat ; 5-Ooms; gas.and bath and
; . stationary washtnb— " --:■:•■•■
■" • ■\riCE BUNN;Y FLAT; 7 ROOMS; BATH; $23.
- _■> 1714 Howard 6t,-r.'T_irteenth.
" C;]-A :-tt.RO.OM"3, BATH, RANGE, SUNNY
-■ «iID-l-y.» r>or,ch. Jersey and Sanchez sts.: 910. 5
' rooms, ■b_t_, 25 "Chattanooga st, bet. Twenty- first
; and -second. •
LAT"- r 12]?& - JACKSON. KbAtt LEAVt.N-
worth.; a150' 1454 Leaven worth, corner Jackson ;
each contains 6-j-ooms and bath: tilemanteU: por-
'. c.elain- tu"b; nearly new; rent, $25 and $27 60.
; *__ 1 k ".NEW-FLAT, 4 ROOMS, BATH; SUN
©1w.._l "day; 1226 Union" tv 6-room flat;
. 130.J Pacific St..
INE-LY FURNISHED FLAT OF 7 ROOMS;
gas.siove. 103 Geary st, cor. Grant aye.
• ' Sunny: MIDDLE FLAT; 4 booms and
: 'kj bath and yard. 10 Shot well; near Fourteenth.
•TVTICE SCNN-Y CORNER FLAT; 7 ROOMS
'X\ and bath: $27 60, 333 Halght. corner Webster
. ' tf_ y- FIVE LARGE SUNNY ROOMS, YARD
■-'O-L«-'« and cellar: water free. 1224% Folsom.
TTPPER FLAT; 6 ROOMS; BATH; $14. 2178
U Fifteenth, near Market. _£___!
" O MODKBN SUNNY CORNER FLATS, 7 AND
_■< 8 rooms. Inquire at 417 y a Third st.
G» Q 2 SUNNY 4-ROOM FLATS AND PORCH.
»D «7. 71 Boyce St.. off Point Lobos aye.
UNNY UPP-R FLAT— 6 ROOMS.. BATH,
laundry; modern Improvements; reasonable.
'28 ohotwell st. . ■
17»LAT— 5 ROOMS, BATH; STABLE. 18 BY-
.* lcgton aye.
QO7C ARMY, NEAR BANCH_Z-JTjST COM-
' _ >-* Icl pleted; sdnny modern upper flat; 0
rooms; cheap.
V, A UTi FU L - ROOM ED, DOUBLE. MODERN
•XJ flat, corner^unny.decorated; 2 baths; rent $35.
.reduced from *40. Apply tie Scott st.,nr. Halght,
1 QOQI SACKAMENTO— FLAT OF 5 ROOMS;
XO-vOii gas; batb: rent 916.
T7»RKNCH FLAT OF 4 ROOMS, BATH AND
X* stationary wasiu'ubs. Twenty-third and Guer-
rero Vs^j . ' . •
'•T OVELY NEW 7-ROOM UPPER FLAT; NAT-
XJ oral pine finish; opposite Parkpanhbadle; 1606
Fell-st boulevard; just the place for Invalid; sun
, in every room; pure air; good view. -
• "qT~)7 WATER FKEE — LOVELY LOWER
<_> 1 .'x. modern 4-room flat; sun all day. 15 Pond
•st.-half prock/rom Market and Sixteenth.
UNNY KAY • WINDOW FLATS: FIVE
.rooms and bathroom: rent $20. 1652 Polk
••stt near Clay. '•*-.*
0 Ct/>'NY,"NEW, MOUKRN 4 AND 5 ROOMS;
M wood mantels, porcelain tuba tile sinks; Clay-
. ton St., 600 feet above Frederick. .
L°AT 4 OR 6«OOMS, BATH; CHEAP. 1513
Taylor at. bet PaclHc and Broadway.
* TTPPER'KLAT OF 6 NICE SUNNY BOOMS;
vJ rent 915 p^r month. 434 Clementina st
S~ UNNY WINDOW FLAT, 1710 WAS ll-
lngton, hr. Polk: 6 rooms: bathroom: rent $26.
• T OW-ER WINDOW FLAT; 6 LARGE
XJ rms: yard. 30 Moss, bet 6th and 7th. off How.
'flUa C 5 SUNNY ROOMS: BAY-WINDOW.
*$>•*■ O. 28V2 West Mission, near Twelfth.
iI&E SUNN V"UP1 > FLAT: 6 KOOMS AND
' bath. 1006 Jackson st. above Mason.
.V> EDUCED To $10: NICE 4-80031 FLATS;
* 'XL 6, 12 and 22 Birch aye.. off Larkin, opp. City
•Hall; newly papered, decorated. KHAINWA_D,
."BUCKBEE <K°CO., 218 apd 2-/0* Momeomerat
W.COR. FOLSOM AND THIRTEENTH &T8 —
2 upper flats,. and 6 rooms and bath; 1 cot-
! tage, 6 rooms and bath and stable for 1 horse and
wagon: rent reasonable. Api-lx at 113 Thirteenth
■1., near Folso— t. ■ :
* T7<LAT,^ ROOMS AND BATH; FINELY DEC
J orated. 925 Greenwich s£. . ■_ ■ •
S" UNN V TOP FLAT: 4 ROOMS; ALL LATEST
improvements. 713 Grove st. ..
~AIO "-TJCVEN SON— HOUSE 8 ROOMS IN 2
trlO* flats, newly papered: painted; large yard;
25, water free. •
V ICE SUNNY FLATS OF 4 OR* RQOMS AND
"bath _ reasonable, ti Dearborn st, oft Seven-
tee n.th. above Valencia. ;. V --.■ ■;
' -Ivr.ANTKD— 2OO GOOD TENANTS; RENTS,
11 from $10 up fur flats, cottages. SPECK <_
O. M 602 Market st. * '"
• T.TIIATS.TO KENT FOR VKRY LITTLE
JD money at -BALDWIN <_ HAMMOND'S, 10
■_ioritgomery st r . .
3-KUNNY FLATS: 4 AND 8 ROOMS* EACH;
O $11, 910 and 89. 2041 Harrison, opp. 18th-
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THJ»
KKKLY CAJ JO. in wrapper, for mailing.
' . 'partnership notices. ."""j
iTave this day b6ughi' frank c.
KaNl'.'S interest In the New York Stable, at
607 Jessie* st; will not be responsible for any bills
-ere.ner contracted by him. ii. J. McBKIDE.
■_...*. •■ • • !
J^~ a - tsrll * <a ROOMS.
A very Street.
6 ta^Slj ° PP POST ST " NR. FILLMORE-*
$13 6™ roomB for bath and housekeeping,
. - Bush Street. ,
2193 BtT ---2 PARTIALLY FURNISHED
- A>JU rooms for light housekeeping.
Eddy Street.
91 "> :DDY — OR4UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
yxu fine location-, private family; reference.
Kills Street.
790 ELLIS-NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS
1 -V for one or two; reasonable.
*Ut_ Street.
1 44. FIFTH NICELY FURNISHED.
1. _:i snnny rooms, single or In suit; also for
housekeeping.
14"l 1 FIFTH-2 ROOM* FURNISHED FOR
_•*-""»-' 2 rionsp|t-*ieplng. $12 per month: also others.
i oleom Street.
C9X FOLSOM-LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
f^-Jroom; light housekeeping: $176 a week.
. iicarjr streeu
•ft 99 f\Cl FOR adults; 6 COMFORT A
i*p^4j.O*J. rooms: bath; all necessaries; 2 beds;
reference required. 1917 Geary sU -
Harriet Street.
90 HARRIET — FURNISHED BOOMS FOR
**•> housekeeping: also single.
Howard Street.
"1 A7A HO WAR D — WELL- FURNISHED
A" • V sunny front suite and kitchen; bath;
cheap.
"fXi qA HOWARD— NICE HOUSEKEEPING
.X 0 1 O rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
I 7~lf\ HOWARD, NEAR FOURTEENTH—
X tOO Alcove parlor: large kitchen; new and
nicely furnished: every convenience; sun all day;
rent $20; reference. ■
Ivy N Avenue.
qi C IVY AYE., OFF FRANKLIN ST., BET.
OXO Hayes and Grove— 3 sunny furnished
rooms: exclusive kitchen: adult* only; $16. ;
Jessie m reel.
CXA JESSIE — 3 MCE ROOMS UNFUR-
\jO\J nlahefl; middle floor: yard: cellar: rentsl2.
Jones Street.
HI /" JONES- FOR LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING,
•Jlua furnished rooms: upper floor.
Lttrkin_tr«et. . - .
990 LARKIN— 3 ELKGANT SUNNY HOUS X
«->«- U keeping apartments: central.
Market Street.
1 AQ9 MARKET - FURNISHED HOUSE-
X. VO_ j keeping rooms in rear, $2: single $1 up.
, M 11111:1 -area..
qi C MINNA — CHEAP HOUSEKEEPING
Oil) rooms.
Z\Al\ MINNA— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
•l/t:U rooms, complete for housekeeping. ■. :.i
... _ilfc»ion "i ree».
"1 A 9/1 MISSION— SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
X\Jld-± rooms for housekeeping, 1, 3 or 4.
I fiK'-J 1 MISSION — NEWLY FURNISHED
X\J\JO-z rooms: housekeeping and others.
I 9-1 Q MISSION — FURNISHED HOUSE-
XZ^XiJ keeping rooms: gas: bath; no children.
"i 9?: i MISSION, cor. ninth— large
X~*JX sunny front housekeeping rooms; $14.
1 i)OA MISSION, jTr! NINTH— L aR G k
XOAKJ sunny front bay-window housekeeping
room; $10.
Njttom-* Street.
9OA NATOMA-2 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
«-O" housekeeping rooms; 2 closets; $8.
■Ninth Street.
9A NINTH, NR. MARKET-FRONT SUITES
-<V/ lor light housekeeping or single; grate.
91 NTH — BAY-WINDOW rioO>Ts TOR
—•X light housekeeping; running water: also
others. .
Oak Street.
947 OAK— TWO LAP.GE UNFURNISHED
■fere • rooms, suitable for housekeeping; $8.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA—
Front and bac* parlor; furnished for housekng.
I'oint Looos Avenue.
91 9fl I>OIN " T LOBO-.-2 FURNISHED SlN-
— '-I.— »vny rooms for housekeeping; lath; no
children: $12. • .
second Street.
m SECOND-NICE CLEAN FURNISHED
rooms; from $1 up.
99 «KCOND — SUNNY ROOMS; H«IUSE-
J^-^ keeping; water: bath: other rooms: $* up.
~~ ~ _' : '-•-. ; . Silver Street.
IAQ SILVER— 3 UNFURNISHED BUNNY
x\Ji.i front rooms, large kitchen and yard, for
housekeeping.
luirci Streo i-
pOLTON HOUSE, 220 THIRD ST.: SINGLE
\J suites, light Housekeeping, $5 up : yard.
Twentieth Street.
O£*99 TWENTIETH, NEAR VALENCIA-
*J\J-.~ 1 sunny connecting furnished rooms-
housekeeping.
V»u JNekd Avenue.
71 A VAN NESS AYE. — SUNNY FRONT
I -1 \J rooms, completely furnished for house-
keeping: $18. • . '
D^vK?^?'s *££ BEST IN AMERICA-THH
\J WtKKLY CALL, sent to any address in tre
X. nlted States or Canada one year for si 50, post*
age free. '
KOOMS TO LET.
Basil Street.
797 BUBH, FIR9T FLOOR— SUNNY FUR-
* 4 i nlshed rooms: snlie; single; tioosekeeplng.
Devisadero Street.
1 nqq DEVISADERO. COR. CALIFORNIA-
J 000 Elegantly tnrnlshsd snnny rooms.
i udj istree;.
A-\ EDDY, COR. MASON— BEAUTIFUL SUN-
IX ny rooms; permanent and transient; tel,
Jessie 211. ;
-fc-iKutli sirco..
SHERMA- ATARI HOtT&B, 2H «TH
0 pl, near Market: famished and nnfurnlsbed.
_._Um sti-ee.,
rjiHß RAMONA. 130 ELLIS: IIIBK, KATRI
XJh ART. manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated: newly furnished; elevator: hot & cold wa*«r.
091 ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOK BEST
ijZt L lodging we recommend the Host-dale House.
" fifth Street. ~
1 CO FIFTH— FURNISHED BOOMS, HOUSE
lw_ keeping rooms and unfurnished rooms: $4
np. ;
1 oJhom Street.
Q C 7 FOLBOM— ROOMS: WELL FUR-
'iO t nisbed; front. $3; outside, $1 26 upward,
per week.
Qt«C. FOLSOM, COR. SIXTH— NEW, ELE-
«''Jt) cant lodgings; suitable office dentist or
physician. .
J ourtti Street.
9991 FOURTH— FINK SUNNY COR. BOOMS
•-£.•>. cheap; also housekeeping suite. ■ ■
A-- Freelon Street.
1 9A FREELON— NICE LARGE FURNISHED
X^i\j room to rent.
I- 111 ton street.
7 FULTON— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
I rooms. - ■ .
' . l>eary Street.
917 GEARY— B SUNNY BOOMS IN REAR;
■— 'X I cottage; key premises.
41 q GEARY-RENOVATED AND newly
~-*-O furnished suites and single; or housekpng.
I 1 Q'GKARY — J-.LEOANT SUNNY PAR-
*JX -> low, single or en suite: other sunny rooms.
791 GEARY — NICELY FURNISHED
I _JX rooms: rent >easonable. _-___
774 GEARY— ELBGANT suitk; beauti-
I Itt fully furnished: suitable for . physician;
reasonable.
_ olden date Avenue.
*33fi GOLDEN GATE AYE.— FRONT AND
OOU bacic sunny rooms; desirable location;
very cheap.
1 OO"* 1 OL1)KN GATE AYE.-4 UNFUR-
XO\JO nished. sunny rooms; nice garden; yard.
-toward street.
C 47 HOWARD-FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
-0_: I nlsbed rooms; with or without board; $3
a month up.
")4Q ?°**"-?'« EAR sbcond-new_y'
OttV furnished lodging-house: rms. 76c to $1 wk.
1 9^4. "OWARD-LARGK SUNNY BAY-
X£dO _■ window room for 1 or 2; cheap.
■ .'.* '«'( '• I~y Avanae,.
fii'ri- i y? A v '- ! - LARGE bUNNY, FUR-
Ui-U nished front room; $6.
Ji'ssiß Street.
C] /V BEAUTIFUL LARGE SUN/JY
UX\J furnished room, including batb; $8.
.; .-:• ': . ■ «Jqiip» strooi.
m JONES— SINGLE ROOM: ALSO
sunny suite; private. . , ,
Of|7 .*»N"K- THh. VAN WINKI.R; NKW
£t\J I management; elegant , eunnr suite* - and
tingle; newly furnished; batn, etc; $10 to *it\i.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1896
BOOMS TO LET- Continued.
1- * iriiT Mre«..
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY -
-iv Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect; terms reasonable. ■ •
' «ihi!i >.rocc.
49Q LARKIN-NICBLY 'FURNISHED AND
~*~<J snnny rooms, suite or single; houseKeeping
If desired.
j..,ik,- >uco..
pUSTER, 906 MARKET AND 9 ELLIS— SIN
\-' Rle front room* and suites: 50c to $1 60 per
night; $3 to $8 per week; offices 10 let,
V OStMITK. HOUSK. 1015 JIAKKKT - P_R
- nlgbt. 36c to $1; week. $1 50 to $5: families.
1 Alliner street.
99A1 MCALLISTER, OPP. CITY HALL—
•■-"8 Large snnny furnished and unfurnished
rooms: snltable for offices; also 2 suites. - " ! ,>:
Minna Street.
C.G.17 minna, CORNER eighth—
yj\) I furnished bay-window rooms: $1 per week.
St '»alfMi ■ . ii-it>.
CAH MISSION — NEWLY FURNISHED
*Jjt • rooms by day, week or month, 26c to $1
per day. . . . . . ■
->aioui:i Street.
7f)9 natoma, corner EIGHTH—NICELY
I ".'_/ furnished sunny front room; bath, hot and
cold water; double bed; cheap. ■^^
line Street. -
ODD PINE, NEAR POWELL— NICELY FUR-
-000 nlshed suite; also single: entirely new.
,r'." : ' Pout street..
9~J~» POST— THIS BUILDING IS MOST CEN- !
— ■♦JOtrally located; best appointed offices and
apartments in the city; every room laree, light and
airy: gentleman's apartments furnished or unfur-
nished: all modern conveniences, elevator.
Al Q post— LARGE LIGHT SUNNY room;
_X _> suitable for 2 gentlemen or man and wife. •
Towel 1 Street.
99". POWELL — LARGE SUNNY CORNER
-j—U room; new furniture; basement room; $6.
second Street.
-.9 SECOND— DOUBLE ROOMS PER WEEK,
_»— $1 60 to $3: single, $1 to $1 50: per day, 25
and 50c. ; '_ 
917 SECOND — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
■— iX I room, snltable for two; also single; $1 up.
Seventh* Street.
"I Oft SEVENTH — "SICKLY FURNISHED
Xk)\J front single rooms: $1 per week.
1 49 SEVENTH— PLEASANT ROOMS FOR
X _:.— i housekeeping: also single rooms.
aixth street.
On SIXTH— ELEGANT ROOMS; NEW FlRifl-
-00 proof building; all conveniences; quiet.
Stevenson street.
497 STEVENSON, BETWEEN FIFTH AND '
rx— • I Sixth— To let, 4 elegant rooms: rent $16;
very convenient. Apply within, or 705 Oak su
*97 SMALL DOUBLE ROOM;
\J— j I $1 a week: upstairs: lady preferred.
Mi'iklon Street.
"pUROPEAN (THK), 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
XJ nlshed suites, $4 to $10 single rooms. $1 60 to
$3 week: s«c to $2 night: hot and cold running
water In every room: baths; elevator; transient.
-—tier street.
X 1 A BUTTER— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
-" l"± rooms, en suite or single: low rent desira-
ble tenants. . ■ \?_
7f|O »UTT_B,COH. TAY LOR— ELEGANTLY i
I \JO newly furnished sunny rms; suite orslngle.
1 |JU SUTTKR, COX. POLK. OVER WAKK-
XX rt.K) lee's drugstore — sunny, newly papered
and furnished sulip for doctor's office or other pur-
poses: rent only $20; others.
1 K9 1 BUTTKR— A fcUNNY BAY-WINDOW \
XU4.I front room and kitchen, furnished for
light housekeeping; gas stove; in private house ;
reference.
"X ay lor Strooi.
"1 HO TAYLOR— 2LAKGK ROOMS: RUNNING
X\JO water: closets- suitable tor 2 men; 91 week.
PvOO TAYLOR, NR. POST — NEWLY FUR-
»>_,— nished sunny rooms; all modern conveni-
ences. ' •
C! I 9 TAYLOR — NIIELY FURNISH D
U_L_. large sunny suite; rent $15.
lentil Street.
mTKNTH, NEAR MARKET— I, 2OR 3
large sunny rooms.
liiirc! Street.
Dl 7 LARGE. SUNN AN RMS.;
'■'X I double Or single; aay, week or month.
'* uric st reoi.
"I A TURK -NICE LARGE SUNNY FRONT
room; private family; use of parlor; $8: J '
iun«ous.
AN ELDERLY GKNTLEMAN CAN FIND A
pleasant home «nd nice front room (five min-
utes' walk from Kearny st.) at a fair price. Ad-
dress N. 8., box 66. Call Office.
BOABUIXG ANl> EOOJIS.
L""UP.NISHKI> ROOMS,\VIT M^OITwrT OUT
X board. 3 Martha pace, off Geary, near Mason.
LKASANT SUNNY FRONT ALCOVE ROOM
nicely furnished, wltn excellent horn* cooking;
private family: terms moderate. Address Cen-
tral, box 7. Call Office.
f: no POWKLL -SUNNY CORNER SUITES
y\7._ < onr'utterst.: excellent board: reduced rates.
CQq ELLIS— NEWLY RENOVATED. FUR-
-000 ntshetl or unfurnished rooms; board op-
tional.
Q] 1 O'l-'ARRKLL — NIC- SUNNY ROOM,
OX X suitable for 2; board optional.
CAQ VAN NEWLY FURNISHED SUN.
UVJOny rooms: good board; reasonable.
1 7 '^"l HOWARD— NICE, CLEAN. COMFORT-
X I tjt) able room: large closet, gas "-and bath,
with good home cooking; 18 per month.
OTr.TTBKRTLI.NG, 714 HUSH ST.— A FA M-
lly hotel: references given aud required -. all i
modern conveniences.
qnO JONES - LOVELY SUNNY PARLOR '
O\JO suite and elcvautly furnlsbeJ single rooms, 1
with board; large windows on a<l sides; -uruiiure, '■
etc., entirely new: water hot, cold; splendid, luxu- 1
rious bath; new house: flower garden; only three !
blocks from Baldwin Hotel; perfect home tor gen-
t men wi.o enjoy comfort and ease: most conve-
nient and comfortable rooms to be had; excellent
table: only »tso for two. ■
I t\<-)(\ CALIFORNIA — PLKASANT SUNNY
1 *J-.\J alcove room: aUo others; newly fur-
nished: with board. *; s tti 1 ... ; J
49 I EDDY — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
T_jtr rooms; table and appointments strictly
first class.
9 EDDY-LOVELY SUNNY PARLORS,
-_._> with board or 4 young man: $20 each.
7.17 ELL I.S — KLkUANTLY KURNISHKD I
• •-> i parlors or single; use of piano; board op-
tional. ...,-.
pHEAPEST AND BE3T IN AMERICA— THE I
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United Stales or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
ag free. tr^
< JIII.DKKN BOARDED.
"V7-OCNG FRENCH LADY WISHES TO TAKE
X charge of children would have best care and
pleasant home. Address P.. 800 Alice st.. Oakland.
STOKES TO LET.
Tin)Li-r^n!rA7r!jAitrKF^^
3 4 rooms; yard; rent reasonable.
ORN_R Store] ckment basement
and four rooms: suitable for bakery or drugs;
rent cheap. B. 8., box 116, Call. ■ .
Oj 1 !". 1007% LARKIN— NEAR COR.
<U>Xt». Post; uvlng-ruoms. Apply KELLY, 102
Kddy st.
1 ARGE STORE, WITH UP-TO-DATE FRONT
XJ and how-windows: located 420 Sutler st.
Apply to it. Mir- I.Ki»V. 4 PbHan bnlidlng.
OFFICES TO i IET.
7^A^LIToItNTrXNDTK7I>E^
\J L. and O. building— Sunny offices : light, water,
beat and janitor services free: electric elevator;
rent from $10 up. Apply 422 California st.
"-.OH GUTTER, colt POWELL — SUNNY
Qyjyj front suite, suitable for physician: others.
"LiINE OFFICES: 23 KEARNY ST.; bUITA-
■T blefor any business. ■ •
QPRKCKKLS BUILDING. 927 MARKKT-
-0 Elegant snnnv ofiicea. $12 60 up: electrie-Uzht;
beating and ]_nltor service free. Apply at building
or O. H. UMBSKN A CO.. 14 Montgomery at.
"^ HORSES.
4"~1iorse?"for 0 s a__Tfor boardTTTfine
aodale-borae; cheap. 16-* Golden Gate aye.
BEAT BARGAIN; MUST BE SOLD ON AC-
VT count of death; 2 good hones, harness and
top ex press- wagon ; pood condition; cheap, Inquire
1224 Turk st., Dear Webster.
T EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY: 600 SETS
X j of fcood harness, our own make, of evert- de-
scription, tor less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st ,S. 1\
fpHK EMPORIUM BALKS YARDS, 220 V A.
X lencla st-, is the place to go it yon want to buy,
sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or har-
ness: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
CL/k HEAD DRIVING A D WOKK HORSES;
OU weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
1 r(\ bKi'S NEW AND toKCOND HANK HA
XO\J ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
rockaways. carts: matt be sold. 1128 Mission »:
] AKOKToONO DRAFTHORSES: HALTKK
Xj broken; cheap; Hyde ranch. 630 Commercial.
C/-WK SKT NEW AND b_CONU-HAN_ HAR-
O\J\J ness: all kinds: boggy. wason, cart«, surrey
& rockaway; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
A(\ HORHKS l-'Ott HALE; ALSO WAUON-{
*3.U bngxlea, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Moris
Market, 827 Sixth st. ; auction sales every WeUu<u-
toy. bULU VAN _ DOYLE, Auctioneer*. ■
"___-;_ ■ PERSONALS. -
V WIFE, LIZZIEIjBUTT, H AVINo' LEFT
my board and bed 1 will not be responsible
for any bills contracted by her on and after this
date, September 26. A. C. BUTT. '
\V ILL THOSE WHO WITNESSED LADY
" and daughter ejected from Mission (green)
car, going south from Sixteenth st., Sunday, sept.
13, about. 4 p. m.. please address G. C, box 85, CalL
E.H.\ WILLIAMS. FORMERLY FROM
• taenlo Park, please call at 13 Mason st., San
Francisco.
U ICKNKSS, NEATNESS, UP-TO-DATENESS
v/ and dispatch are tb« principal advantages I
offer you. Added to another— "cheapness"— no
wonder 1 have such a patronage. Halrdresslng,
2. c. Switches, *1. "Uuiuonia" Hair Tonic. 35c.
G. LEDERER. 111 Stockton s.
AIRDRESSING, 25c; MANICURING, 250:
face treatment, cosmetics; lessons civen.
MRS.BUTLKR.I3I Po6t- ■• e3auns g ' ve °"
FRKNCH HAl_i WASH,:PRKVENTb FALL-
— ■ ing out; make it yourself: send 20c silver for
prescrlpt'ou. Address A. P., box 90. Call Cilice.
CLOAKS, FURS AND SUITS RETAILED AT
/ wholesale prices. Factory, 20 Sansome st.
•VTEATNKSH is A VIRTUE; SUITS CLEANED.
■1-1 pressed. 28 Montgomery, r. 14; tel.rei. 2374.
DVICK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPK-
ciaHy; private; no charge unless successful; all
law gnits. claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc at-
tended to. 0. W. HOWE,atty-at-law,
BURNETT'S CORN CURE-SURE CURE FOR
corns, bunions, warts: 26c 327 Montgomery.
WATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
»» work from toe country solicited; estimates
Iven; articles returned if price is not satisfactory:
all work warranted. J. N. BRITTAIN. 20 Geary.
artinGton's school OF magazine
and Newspaper Illustration; day and even!
Classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partlncton, Gertrude
Partlngton. R. L. Partlngton. Part len tars 424 Pine.
ORRIS BERRY. FORMER FORK A
Albert Miller's cloak store, has opened a busi-
ness at 14 McAllister. Rms. 45-46: ladles', misses'
children's cloaks tp order guaranteed ;low pricm
TRUNKS DKLIVKRKD 260. BAY CITY
X Transfer Company, 244 Sutter; tel. Grant 57. ■
A" T THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 10291/* Market su,
bet, sixth aud Seventh, San Francisco, Cat.
LL FACIAL BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, i freckles. sc»rs, etc.. removed by
Kllte Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenwon .a.
AZOK.FIXING OUR SPKCIALIY; FINE
edge put on razor.2sc. Razor Exchge,63oMarlcet
BIG OUTDOOR »T_RKOPTICON SHOW KV_-
-L* ry eight cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic a i-
v»r;ieeinenta in living light; promoters of boil-
teas. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third st.. near Market-
£oo rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
weeic -. free bus and baggage to and from tne terry.
"j IBKUAL AUVANO_S ON DIAMONDS, j_W-
J-I elry, etc. : lowest rates. K4B Market st.
LD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIE-*'
clothing bouchu COL.MAN. 4] 3a. cor. Jessie.
/-HEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
WEEKLY CALL, sent to _ny address in the
United States or Canada one year for SI £0. post-
age free. :
UKESSMAKERS. ~~ ~
DRESSES $2 UP: WRAPPEKS 35c UP;
lawn $1 v . 505»4 Natoma si, above sixth.
SCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY,
SCIENTIFIC ASTRO IX)GY— ALL EVENTS OF
0 life foretold by the horoscope: advice on all
business: speculation my specialty, and business
men protected br my method; success guaranteed:
oil and minerals located bf the science. DR. ST.
CLAIR, 916 Market St., room 26: hours 9 to 7.
NOW THY~DKSTINY-LOVE. MARRIAGE,
business, speculation, legacies and your future
r». mail 10c. PROF. W. MONBOK. 761 Howard.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
GITA.N a", j 'th_ ; "gypsy quee.v. « turk st. :
VX truthful In her predictions; reliable in her ad-
vice: no matter what troubles yon may have, come
and she will guide you right; no fake; satisfaction
guaranteed: office hours from 9 to 9.
ME. PORTER. WONiiKRFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card- reader, born with a dou Die veil and
ew>nd sight; ladies 60c, gents $1; palmistry anl
clairvoyant sitting $1 6U. 128 lurk st., nr. Jonei.
XJME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELLS
•"<• pas:, present and future: success to all; tor-
tunes by mail: low prices. 856 Mission st.
T MEDIUM: CAKD-READER: I/IVE,
XJ marriage; ladles 26c 243 Shipley, near Fifth.
\\ ME. HANSKN, PALMIST, CAHD-KEADER;
■L*' past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th st., r. 5.
ME. DAVIS; CARD-READER AND PAI.M-
-Ist tents 81. 12 2 Post st., room 2.
ME. LKOKTTK— PRESENT, PAST A D
future: 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
GYPSY LIFK-KKADKit, RkMoVED FROM 5
Seventh to 11 Stockton; ladies 26c: cents 60c.
VI ME. RAVKNA READS LIFK FLUENTLY;
I'l business advice: uameaglven: 25cup. 5 Fourth
\\ ME. SYBIL! X SHOWS PICTURE FU lUHE
-Hi husband, wife: ladles 26c, 50c. 914 O'Farrell.
MM E. MOKE A MKDIUM: RKVEAL3
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard »t.
M>l - v " DR. iiluilAS."l'LAiKVuVAM'i 2J
vri Ko-Tiy. ■ now f)V9 rent: f«v» »1- letter Hi.
-—-_-_-__— ______
BPIKITUALIS3I.
00/' MCALLISTER — C. J. MEYER:
O_.U test meetlngi every night; 10c; Tuc A
Frl. 8 p.m.; buslnens sittings dally at above No. $1
The WO«LD-FAMED MMX. CALDWELL,
J. clairvoyant. llf»-reoder and healer. 821 How-
ard St., bet. Fourth and Fifth. _^
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLaTE-
» writer. 118 Halght s:.: hours 9 until 6?. it
UISHOP OAKKISON. 1370 MARKET; sKA
1 ' res "I negrtav. Friday even's. 25c: 10 to 4 »lallv.
HYPyoTiaau ~~~
IQ^p^oTii^M^^NTrTrnur^fAG^^
AX practically and acleatiflcalty laugh*. in 3 les-
sons. a s < how to hypno Instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a gooJ opportunity
is here offered to physicians and students of
science Interested In lis therapeutic effects: high-
est credentials:correspondence solicited, a. lor ad-
dre*n Hypnotic and Mesmeric ln»iltute.6 O'Fiirrpll.
BIEDICAL.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irrpgu'arltlps and diseases peculiar to
their aex: latest Improved method of treatments
never falls: perfectly harmless: free from any had
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well; travelers helped immeliateiv; prices to suit
the times: home in confinement. DX. A Jilts
DAVIES. 14 McAllister St.. next Hibernla Bank-
consult free; French regulating pink pills, $-';
hours from 9 a. m. to ft p. m. and 7 to 9 P. _.
ALL, CASKS OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
XV stored In a few hour.; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; traveler* helped without delay; pri-
vate home in contlnf incut: regular graduate phy-
sician: 30 years' successlul practice; MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY us' <l: ladles, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere; you will save time aud
expense: consultation free and confidential.
MR_ DR. WYE I'll, t>l6 Post s:., near Larkln.
,\ NEW PKOCESS— NOMKPICINK, 1 ST i I -
-'V mentor worthUeit pills used: evrrv woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no n.at-
terfromwh.ilcaii.se; r< stores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home: ail cases guaranteed ;
if you want to be trpatfd safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
DU. FOULKT'S FRENCH CAPSULES, A
XJ guaranteed absolute cure tor all female irregu-
larities (no matter what cause); positively sate
and sure: no danger or after effects; taken In time,
It also acts as a preventive; price $1 60 per box ;
sent free by mnil en receipt of price. WALLER
BROTHERS, 33 Grant aye., "sou « rancisco.
D~bT~goo a specialty OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of
Irregularities in one day, guaranteeing a cure or
no charge; separate borne for patients; best skill;
low fees; regulator 9'J. 904 McAllister st.
A SURE CURK FOR ALL F-MALK Dis-
eases, from whatever cause: home Ie confine-
man: ; every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYER, 226 Turk si.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DX. JORDAN AT
bis museum, 1051 MarKet st. ; his 30 years'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
4 LPKAC'S FRENCH PILLS— A _OuN TO
x_ lad<es troubled with Irregularities: no danger:
safe and sure: S2 60 express C. o. D. : don't delay
until 100 late. OSGOOD 8H03.. Oakland, Cal.
RS. DR. WEOKNKR TAKES LAD BK-
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all female compi— inia or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy at.
MRS. J. A. ACHARD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement; 25 years' experience. 665 Mis-
sion st. .. ■ -' ■•■■•'
M~BA DE.' SCOTT— FEMALE SPECIALIST;
diseases Of the eye treated. 216 Powell su
IF IKRIioULAH OR ANY FKjjaLK DI-KASE
see MRS.DR. PUKTZ and bo content. '.'64 14 4th.
1 \R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR
XJ Jones. Diseases of women and children.
PRIVATE HOM.K IN CONFIa_MKNT. MRS.
J. VR. FUNCKE. 1416 Eighth >v, Alameda.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOB, 5 CENTS — TUB
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGE'S. ;
1 SALE-CHEAP; NEW AN_MBECON_V
T band wagons; also tea and spice wagon. - 13.0
Turk su ; : :.: , , : = .
IV W AND SKCON l>-H AND BAKERS', LAU~N^
li dry, milk and grocery wag->ns: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st-
■\J-KW<ft&ECCND-HAND"\V'AGONS:BAKEKY
AM laundry and delivery; cheap. 414 Broadway.
"I. OR SAL_, AT KAsTKU.S PKICKS. FIN
-T carriage of every desc lptlon; cash, notes or
installments. Cttrvil Mfg Co.. 46-48 Bth at., S. R
PROFESSIONAL. : CARDS. ~
oH K. KICH ARDS, LAW OFFICES.' ROOMS
<l • Sid and 27, Crocker - building; telephone Mam
75, San Francisco, Cal. : . , . .
JOHN kTaiTKKN ANDMAURICK L. ASHKK.
attysat law. rcis 516.516. sth floor. Parrott bld^.
TYPEWRITERS. '•" ~~~
riALIORAPH, '''Si6, $36: ', YOST, $30: REM-
\J lngton, $60. SCOTT <_ 8., 333 Montgomery st.
city real ESTATE.
Iv^k^v^su^Tn^^o^n^r^lSTrine^vlew
-*-i house: hard wood finish; open. 3447 Clay at.
MOW, SHE HERE, CAN YOU BUY FOR
-L' $10,000 Such. a valuable corner as sw; Fol-
som and 21st sts.? 95x90: will subdivide If re-
quired; also 20th bt. and Treat aye., 25x110,
«250O; also N. side Pate St.. 60x100, 37:6 feet
from corner Schrader, between Schrader and Stau-
yan. $5760: will subdivide It required: offer
wanted. : Inquire Herb Institute, 1205 Market st.
Q 17H HOUSE WITH 4 ROOMS AND LOT
«3> 1 lU. 2J>xl'_'s. G_O. W. H. PATTERSON
«fc CO.. 2 Valencia st.
(S^^vA FINE LOT, 25x100, ON CLOVKR
<4Pu»c"U. aye., near 18th st.; $800 cash, $10 per
month installments. G_U W. 11. PATTERSON
«fc CO., 2 Valencia St. ..
C?Onn ACU— LOTS ON DAY ST. GEO.
JL\J\J w. H. PATTERSON & CO., 2 Valencia.
SC A 'UAL MUDERN \ HOUSES BUILT;
0 $150 to $275 a room: parties contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
'^K^fWl Cash, balance same as rknt,
<ZpO\J\J for a new house on east side of Cole St.,
Dear Waller: 8 rooms and bath; larcelot-sxr_s;
all modern Improvements. Apply on prom'se*.
MONEY TO LOAN.
C«i AH (\f\Ci AT Towest"' "rates":" city
«35X"JU. \)\JVJ and Oakland; life insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates: any sum.
BHAINW ALP. BUCKBEK&CO., 218-220 Montiry
A DVAN'CES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
ii jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JKWiCLIir
b'IORE, 94« Market at.: open evenings.
MONEY LYING IDLE; TAKK AT $5 INTEK-
est per month for each $1000; same rate seo-
ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
ONEY LUAN_I» ON JltWjiiLKi ANU
other valuables at the Prcuruy Loan Office
llC6Markets-.nr. Mason: private entrance 7 TurK
I \IRECI' OX YOUR t'L'KA'ITUKIi OK PIANO:
JL/no removal: no delay a; no commissions: low
Intercut. Rm. 83. Djponua bld«, 1170 Market si
NY AMOUNT: IST, -£il or 3D MORTUAUKi;
-HL estates, nndlvided interests, real estate in ur*
tare. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
fflj'jnnA TO LOAN ON GOOD RANCH IN
i£)O\J\J\J bay counties at 8% percent. H. D.
IRWIN, Lorln, Cal. .
ANY AMOUNT: LOWEST RATE; IST &2D
-A. mortgage: flat or Installment. Dryden,s3s Cal.
ITY REALKSTATE:ADVANC_S on RKN'IS
\J pianos, furniture. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
P R I V A TE~P A LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X security: low Interest. N., box 15, Call Office.
"I OANS ON FURNITURE AND PIANOS
Xj without oval: low Interest. B. 3, 215 Powell
A DVANCKsONDIAJION-S.JKWKLiIV. _TJ
J\ Colamoia loan & i.'ollatera! Office. 9 (iiat, kv<.
CJP.A UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 21> MORT-
<D«Jv/ gages: Int. In estates. MUHPHY.U2B iiritt
MONKI TO LOAN ON CITY. REAL ESTATE.
McK'. /EN BROS.. 118 Montgomery at. .
"I OANS ON ALL SECURITIES. ROOM 1,
J 1 24 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER*.
B^ WISE AND SAVE INTEREST; MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan and t-e-
-curlty OHlce, r. 7, Flood blrtg. ; entrance 80a Mkt.
AT 126 KKARNV »T., ROOM. 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc. : low rates;
private rooms: elevator: i-l>ilg«-« for aale cheap.
_____________
FINANCIAL.
ONEY " ON "_AKd"tO J LoTn^9. ; TkEAL
estate In lots of $500 to 50,000; no delay.
W. H. BUSCH, 410 Pint* at.
©1 AA i\C\C\ TO LOAN AS LOW AS BANKS.
<IM.IJU.UUU Apply rm 2 -2. Cal.Safe t)ep.Bldg.
MONEY WANTED.
•iTOuU country real estate. M.. box H. Call.
BICYCLES. — — — —
SKCON D-H AN D r'^aTn^T^^A^VFOrTT
$30: Barnes, $55; Ben Ilnr, Ladles'. SSU-. Fow-
ler, $55: Ladies' Fowler '-9!j," a burgain; also
others. DA VIS BROS., 23 Geary st.
IOH-GRADE 2D-HAND WHEKLS $25 DP;
snndrles below cost. 216 McAllister.
"\rERY FINE '96 BICYCLE FOR $20. DAVID
V N. HaWLEY. 318 Market st.
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHKELH TO _ET;
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, _>
Alllater and Powell at. M linos.
-OK SALE-MISCELLANEOUB.
ASK MY P^ic^S~6T^rrsT(TjrDViß^:FOßE
purchasing elsewhere. Uncle Harris, 16 Grant.
ONK SMALL MEDIUM AND >.ARUK SIZE
fire and burglar-proof safe. 109-111 -Market st.
T^INE BICYCLE — GOOD AS NEW; TER-
X rible cheap; cal Monday. 616 Geary st.
eJ-ARMED CRYSTAL CHANDELIER IN PER-
U feet order at a sacrifice. 321 Hyde st.
CjMC DOMESTIC MACHINE: ALMOST
—O. new; see this bargain. 2437 Mission st.
PLKNDID OAKLAND RES I' AURA 1 ;
0 will take clear residence property ; bargain.
Box 510. Oakland, Cal. ________
IfOR SALE— BUFF & BKRHKB TRANSIT;
1 nearly new. EDWARD. 530 California st.
ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
JL> W. a RAY MFG. CO., 12 California st.
I BARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SiHELV
X* ing, etc , bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
OFFKE -Ml Li, SCALES, LJ-.TT_lt PRJ-.SS
/' stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. lU'JClay.
UY YOUR HABY CARRIAGES AM) RAT-
• > tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. Col. Rattan Co., 61 First ttu,
near Mission.
PLENDID REMINGTON TYPKWRITKR.
$45: others from $20 up. REVALK. 409 Cal.
|.OILKRS,KNGINKS,2D-HANDMACIIINKItY.
> > waterpjpes. Mclntosh & Wolpman. 137 Be_«.
1-OLar t. U S. miklv I.NU, biIOW'CA^K.S
v bun bongh: & sold. 1121 Markt.bet 7th & Bth,
ALL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
cost: hood tops, $5 50 up: repairing; open
evenings. S. v. Baby Carriage .M fg. Ca. 442 Sixth.
♦ » HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
— Sine; good as new: $90. Apply 216 Bay st.
UILDINGS BOUGHT : LU3IBER~.~SASHKi
<ioor<«. mnntAi,. *tr.. f->r f>«l« 1 l«rt Mi«itl«n.
SEWING MACHINES. ■
* LL kllN-'KuUlilll, fc-Oiai, tXUUANOKii
/\ reni"<l. r>'i'nirp.l: lowest r»t<»<. 205 Fourth su
( i I'ITAU; i: UDI ME ST*TvtUVKl^.Cs7)*A{>
VI companiments in 10 lesions. G. A., box 4. Call.
J ENGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT; ENGLIaH
li literature. Miss FaiiJCN, 427 Bitter st.
"L-<RKNUH,!SpANISH,ETC.:Prof.IJKFILIPPE'S
X I A cademy of Lan^uages.32o Post st :estab'd 1871
I M E. MELVILI.B S.NYDI.R, 716 POST M.;
•I'-l v cal music, piano, elocution, practical sfiHke-
spearean and general dminatlc acting a specialty;
vocal Classen Monday. 8 r. M. : $1. ■
KaLlj'.-* BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST
St.— Bookkeeping, business practice, short-
hand, typing, lelegruphy. modern languages, Eng-
lish bntnchcii. electrical engineering, 'etc.; 20
teachers; 15.1100 graduutes: catalogue.
AY RES'. THE LEADING! COLLEGE. 326
Montgomery st.; individual Instruction in
shorthand, typlnir. bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta;
life scholarship $50: low rates per week and mo.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st ; expenses lens and
scholarship better than elsewhere; " day and night.
, KUsCO'u LYUKL'JI SCHOOL OF ACTING—
i ' Private theatricals arranged ; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block, 7lh and Mkt
OCHOOLKLKCTRICA-, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
O chanlcal engineering, surveying, arctiltecturd-
.■»ssny : estab. '64. VAN NAILLEN, 72» MWt.
\IISS BOLTE'S i;CHOOU 2297 SACRAMENTO
iVI St.: board; Eng., French, G«»r., piano; $30 mo.
A LMA S.. HYKR, PIANO. MANDOLIN BAN-
-X jo. 406 Geary, Rm. 17: thorough instruction
OOKKPN).. Wiill.NU, ARITHiIXC.UKA.Urt
day «fc nlvht: nocla*Ben: $5 month. 845 MUsloq
FROK. LOUIS MERKI: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
gnltar, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary ,nr. Powll.
AD\ FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
es piaiio,slnglDg,French:s3mo. R. 14. 1002 Polk
VI R. & M l.s. KOLANI.'EK, TEACHERS MAN
JTldolln, gnltar. banjo 935 Market it., npp. Mason
UENTISTS. _ ■_ •
DR. T. CKANZ- XX I" ACTION PAINLESS:
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aye.
©7 A SET FOR TEETH- WARRANTED AS
'3 1 good as can be made: tilling $1 DR. .MM MS,
dentist, 930 Market St., next Baldwin I heater.
PAINLESS KXTRACI'ION, 50c: CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: years'
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S., 8153,4 Geary.
D" R. LUDLUM HILU 1443 MARKET ST--NB.
Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new:
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas (riven.
ET Or" TEE WITHOUT A PLATE. DR.
O H. G. Young, 1841 Polk st.
R. J. J. LEEK. 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.; open evenings; Sundays till noon.
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th: gas specialists: painless
extracting, with gas, $1; plates. $5 up; fill, $1 up.
DR. GhOHliri W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 o'Farrellst.
1/<ULL SKT OF IKKTH, $7; WARRANTED
X five years; extraction, 50c; filllncs, 50c.:
crowns, $3 'M. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
I.IIKST-CLASS DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
X prices: first-class results: painless extraction:
Tel. Main 6375. W.C HARDINO.M.D., 600 Sutter
LL WORK TO SUITTIMES;WARRANTED.
PR. RKA, 1370 Market St.. front City Hall.
U.-UCIOiTT, 1703 FOaT ST., NEAR BU-
. cnanan: can given: crown and bridge woric
LL WORK REASON A BLK AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KF.Y. 1122 Market st.
' ; . .■: PHYSICIANS. ~
RT~cT7r^ ; DON3rETL?^)6^rAIuCE'T. COrT
Golden Gate aye. ; diseases of women a specialty.
COUNTRY REAL ■" ESTATE.
I FORCED SALE — CHOICE LEVEL FKUIT
£ and vegetable land; 1 mile from Pleasanton,
Alameda County; 114 hours from San Francisco:
In small tracts, graded from ¥20 per acre: title
per cci; biggest bargain in tbe State; must be sold;
investigate. 67 Chronic building. _^^
SMALL HOMES ON VKRY KASY TERMS,
0 $2000; 10 acres fully Improved, near .Santa
Rosa, 2600; 10 acres Napa City, 15 acres. $2500:
Napa City; all places hr.vi- cock! Improvement*.
tools, etc. I. C. SCIIARKF. 20 Montgomery st.
~l ARGAIN — RANCH PLK \SANTLY HiTU-
-1 I ated in the foothills, overlooking Napa Valley,
about six miles from the town of Napa: suitable
for a summer resort, a nice country home or a
fruit or chicken farm; large bouse and barn:
stock, tools, etc. For particulars address P.O.
box 239, Napa. Cal.
NY ONiS WANTINI* A RANCH FOX
grazing purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required.
balance In 6 or. 7 years, apply 826 Montgomery st.
JriTLK HOMKS. CLOSK TU'TOW«; T»f7
-IJ proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City, every Monday at 633 Market st.. S. F.
ALP SUCTION OF GOOD LAND IN TULARK
County, for Improved or unimproved property
In Berkeley or San rancisco. AUdreiu A,, box 87
OaliOt-ca. _^
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. '.
jto! for FITCHBURGI .
to-day take your FAMILY AND
FRIENDS out on THE fitch-
-.- BURG, san LEANDRO AND
haY WARDS LOCAL.
See Southern Pacific Time-Card.
THE FIRST IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
FRUITVALK Is THK PLAOE. FAST-
-1 KST SUBURBAN - TRAIN ON
THE PACIFIC COAST.
DIRECT BOATS AND TRAINS FROM FERRY,
FOOT OF MARKET STRSIST, TO
FITCH BURG STATION IN
FORTY- MINUTES.
Alameda, Berkeley and Frultval« trains singed
by the Fitchbunc scorcher. Hay wards electric
cars from Oakland every few'minutes.
If you are tired of life and want 10 get off the
earth, stay where you are. People get well, be-
come cheerful, contented and prosperous in Fitch-
burg.
- Fltchburg Is tbe trios' promising suburb on the
direct line of up-to-date public and private im-
provements In Ibe vicinity of Oakland. It Is a
business center by natural location. Its railway
lines now operating, deep-water transportation for
freight by Damon's line of fast-sailing vessels on
Oakland harbor, and the excellent county roads
leading to it, are lr.cou estlble proof-:. It is regu-
larly laid out into blocks and lots bounded by wide
streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented with
aveuue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen grove*
NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY.
For a home while cheap: for speculation on a
rising market: for a turn be first for Investment
now, and hold on. No city taxes to pay; no street
improvements to make. Water supply from 8
companies at your doors. Lots in this beautiful
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bought in many of the one-str&et tracts In
an Inaccessible hayrleld.
Lota 25 and 60 feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel street: double frontage. Terms, 10 per
cent cash; deferred payments In easy installments-
title perfect.
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., S. F.
THAI). S. FITCH, Fltchburs. '
flfc7r. LOTS: CLOSING SALE: FINK LOTS IN
VT I _» the AUendale Tr et, near Fruitvale aye.:
level and ready to build on; streets all graded: 2
electric roads near by, one on its way through the
tract: fine scboolhonse close: this is the garden
spot of land : to see It Is to buy: carriages free
95 cash, 35 monthly: 468 Niuth St., Oakland. It. .
Z. JONES, owner. -■,':'•.
KDCCED FROM $26 TO $15— COTTAGE 6
rooms; batn; laundry: attic; pure water;
large lot; 1148 Nineteenth St., East Oakland.
WILLIAM STONE, 1139 East Nineteenth St.
WILL BUILD COTTAGES; FIRST CASH
'» payment $10 to $150, balance monthly: 40
completed In Oakland to choose from; free convey-
ance. 1, L. M. BALSBURY, 902 Broadway.
VI Y SPECIALTY IS ~ ~~
I*l HOUSE-RENTING IN
OAKLAND.
2 story modern 9-room house... $25
1-story modern 6-room cottage 16
Upper sunny modern 7-room flat 16
AND 300 MORE.
WM. M. DiWOLF. House-broker and Rent Col-
lector. 1080 Broadway. Oakland.
* OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
THE ARLINGTON. NE. COR. NINTH AND
Washington sts., Oakland: a few choice suites
can now be obtained; table unexcelled; reason-
able rates: unquestioned respectability.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
UfKiK 1 1 1 A .MON BY PATKONISSiN_ H
TT SCHELLHAAS. furniture-dealer. llth.OaKld
ALAMEDA ADYERTISBMBMB
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
S9 1 * 50 CASH. f^i^tJN^THLTrNEV?
<"}._. ~IO\J. cottage of 5 rooms: large lv:, 50.x
126, situated close to Bay-st. station.
$2750— Handsome new cottage of 6 rooms and
bnth. now bulldins: your terms are ours.
$2500 Cottage of 6 room* and bath; pretty
garden: close to Cliestnut-st. station, narrow-
gauge railroad; lot 40x140; a pretty home: ea>y
terms.
Special bargains in lots; bouses and stores to let
from $10 up.
Office opeb Snndavs and holidays. MARCUSE
*KlvilMEL, Bay-s:. s.ation (broad gauge), Ala-
meda. •
San Francisco office. 62« Market st.
q_f»(lA LOT 50x150; GOOD LOCATION;
UUU. easy terms.
$1300— SSxl&O; cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
ea..>y terms.
1% acres at Fruitvaie, with good 4-room cot-
tast-. price $1600.
$5000—50x160; house of 9 rooms and bath.
best LOCATION.
To exchange for San Francisco property : house
of 7 rooms and lath; corner lot; centrally located.
Rouses to let in all parts of Alameda; office open
Sundays and holidays. Alameda Land Company,
irOO Park- st.. A aitt-*da.
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
'■\fIC_ST RESIDENCE CORNER~IN BERKE-
1' ley, cheap; Durant aye. and College way: all
street work done; 50x133; a beauty. J. P. ROSS,
1606 Turk St.
QQ^M FOR A 5-ROOM COTTAGE, LARGE
t\P<JO\J lot. bath, etc.: easy terms. W. G
MOHAN, Lorln station. Berkeley. .
<8",1 fifWl X " OX A B-i;OOM COTTAGE AND
<U3-L U\J\J an acre of ground ; $500iaih. balance
to suit purchaser. W. C. MORaN, Lorln station
Berkeley. -
**i*7^n SUITABLE For A CHICKEN
«iT • *J\J. ranch; nearly an acre of ground right
in the center of beautiful Berkeley, front' on
the railroad. JUS. J. MASON, Dwight way station.
/"I you HUMW ioii Jvl.M' UK *Oli f»A_«
VX on faw u-rrrn. Q, O. JIAV A CO.. ru_. r».jua,
bnlmlnT ami loans. 81 ga (>iii»r «».. y,*>»-if«.!«M-.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
FOR RENT IN BERKELEY, CONVENIENT
to tram, school and university; a completely
furnished bouse of 9 rooms: bath and laundry:
with stable and chicken-house; cheap todesiablo
tenant. Address Ml NOT SCOTT, Berkeley P. 0.,
Cal.
PROPERTY TO . EXCHANGE.
"pCn i"H^U^sXNTs^^TsTF^6_rsi2s(s ~~"
O\J t0...-.....;... 810,000
50 ranches, all sires, from #100 to 16.000
20 houses, Oakland, Aiamiuia, SlOOO t0... 8.0. 0
100 buslneis places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4,000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER*. .
1 SELL AND EXCHANGE __
All kinds of property i —— _
. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St. opp. Fifth.
EXCHANGE for city OR oak
<tipUO\J\J. Lund Improved property; 35 acres at
Petaluma; 11 acres orcharu : h:tru-flnisheJ hous«,
barn, windmill, tools, etc. 1. C. BC_.AKFF,' 30
Montgomery st.
t7or~ex change, NifiAß LOS oat os, a
X choice orchard home for good clear property In
Ban Francisco or Oakland. Address box 298, Los
Gat os, Cm.
KN-FUROUtt L.1.51" <J*' ORCHARD IiOMKi
lor«al_ WOOSTKB & WHITI'ON. Van Joss..
l')Cil ACRES TIJiJIEK LAND. KfcK.V CO.:
J Zi( /' ' water: Hnpfnr pattle-rnln!ng. N..rnc.ia.CaU
~~~~~~ PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS Foil SUPPLIES FUR THE
X Navy-yard, Mare Island, Cal.— September 14,
1896. Sealed proposals, indorsed ♦•Proposals for
Supplies for the Navy-yard, Mare Island, Cal., to
be opened October 13, 1896," will be received at
the Bureau of supplies and Accounts, Navy De-
partment, Washington, D. C. until 12 o'clock,
noon, October 13. 1896, and publicly opened im-
mediately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy-yard,
Mare Island. Cal.. a quantity of brushes, brooms,
nuts, washers, rivets, hardware, lamps, lacing
leather, iron, steel, babbitt metal, pacilm,', alcohol,
concentrated lye, white lead, gum shellac, white
zinc, lard oil, turpentine, sperm oil, linseed oil.
varnishes and driers, paints, shovels, files, bees-
wax, lumber, laundry soap and cotton waste. The
articles must conform to the navy standard ana
pass the usual naval inspection. Blank proposals
will be furnished upon' application to the Navy
Pay < fflce. San Francisco, Cul , or the Navy-yard,
Mare Island, Cal. Tie bids, all o:h. r things being
equal, decided by lot. .The Dep.ir ment reserves
the right to waive defects or to reject any or all
bids no. deemed advantageous to the Govern-
ment. EDWIN STEWART. Paymaster-General,
V. s. N. ■- - '
STORAGE. ~
■Flow rates^f^r^Ttu^e7T : 2jßpetT
pianos, etc.: clean, dry, light compartments!
advanoes made. J NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mis-
sion, above sixth: open evenings. -
S~ TORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY: FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 311 Larkin.
pURNITURK PIANOS, TRUNKSi AD-
J: vances, shipping. CH as. L. ta YLOIt,SO4 Post.
LOST. • :
AT ObT~_Te A THE CLIFF HOUSE?
pocßetbook with papers, small sum of money
and keys: return aiKl receive reward. 715Po»tst.
T OST— NEWFOUNDLAND AND ST. BKR-
Jj nard dog; bla k wltn white breast and foot;
one ear cut; reward. R. KEARNEY, 13. Pacific.
1 OST— ON FERRY OAKLAND, SEPTEMBER
Xj 29, lady's alligator purse containing keys,
small amount of com and unset stone. Finder
please return to Call Office.
LO->T— SEPT. 3, 1 RED POCKETBOOK, CON-
talnlng deeds and receipts; liberal reward.
j Address J. S.. box 11, Call Ofllce. Oakland.
~~\ vVrTrTIC 3 NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
-T- >VKEKLY CALL. In wranner. for -Uullng.
ATTORNEYS- AT^L AAV . ~
A CVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPJEUr.
— — alt.v; private; no charge unless successful; all
lan suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., a«-
leniledto. G. W. Ho WE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
VTOAH F. FLOOD, LAWYER, 636 PARROTT
Xi bulldlntr: consultations free; moderate fees.
INGORIS & MALCOLM, ATTORNEYS AT
: law. room 431 Parrott building (Emporium).
DVIC-FREE: NO CHARGE UNLHSS SUC-
cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market sr.
MRTM&— MAttRIACiES — Mkm
f Birth, marriaze and death notices sent by mail
will not be Inserted. They mtis. be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be lndoi^ed;
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published.
BORN.
KAYSER— In this city, September 23, 1898, to the
wife of C. Kayser, a daughter. ■
I SEL VANES— In this city. September 27. 1896, to
J the wife of Santiago Seivaues. a daughter.
WHITEH.EAD— In this city, September 26, 1896\
'»'■"» -wife of Ben \Vhit»h'ead, a son. *
MARRIED.
FULTON-MACKIE-In Oakland, September 27.
1896, by the Rev. Father Brown, Daniel J. Ful-
ton and Rowena Mackle. both of San Francisco.
_>XKD.- ~. ~
Armstrong. Warren A- Kenny, Margaret
Bergln, Patrick " Kintr, Henry L.
Chirke, Miss Lizzie Linehan, Ellen
Curran, John H. Lottos. Ann
Graham, William McArdei. Mary ■
Holliday, Myrtle McLaughlln. Mary
Ilellar, Clara r Marchlnl, Mary <
Hynes, Thomas Macdonald. Annie
Jung. Conrad Mitchell. John G.
Johnson. Hattie A. Swain, Henry C.
Joseph, ike ' . Sherman, C. F.
Kennedy, Ivy Simpson, Abraham
Sydnor, Addle
AItMSTRONG— In this city, September 27, 1896,
Warren Alton, beloved son of William S. and
Nettie L. Armstrong and brother of Alma E.
Armstrong, anatlvaoi ban Francisco, axed 5
months and 27 days. ,
JKaTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9:45 o'clock a. M., from the resi-
dence of bin parent*. KiOlu Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
BKRGIN— In this city, September 25, 1896, Pat-
rick Berlin, a native of Ireland, aged 71 years.
CLARKE— Trere will be a requiem hi*h mass for
the repose of the soul of the late Mis* Lizzie
Ciarke TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock
a. m., at St. Ross's Church. Friends are Invited
10 attend.
CURRAN-In Vallejo. September 26, 183 a John
11., beloved father of Fannie. John, Mary. Eddie,
At aggie and James Curran and brother of Patrick
Curran, a native of New York, aged 44 years.
GRAHAM— In this city, September 23, 1896, Wil-
liam A. Graham, a native of Ireland, aged 61
years.
HOLLIDAY- In this city. September 31 1895,
I Myrtle, beloved daughter of Joseph L. and Amy
! Holli'lay, a native 01 San Francisco, aged 1 year
, II months and 5 days.
Friends and acquaintance-* are rew:'.-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the resf-
dence of the parents, 404% Waller street
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HELLAR— In this city. September 2 a, 1896, Clara
Heilar, a native of England, aged 36 years.
HYNES— In this city, September 27, 18">6.
Thomas Hynes, a native of Canada, aged 50
years.
JUNG— In this city. September 27, 1896, Conrad
Jung, beloved brother of Mrs. J. P. Smith of Vir-
ginia. Nev.. Mrs F. W. Krone. Mrs. Elizabeth
Lemp and Mrs. Paul Ruegg, a native of Nleder-
welsel. Hessen- Darmstadt. Germany, aged 60
years 1 month and 21 days. [Virginia (Nev.)
papers please copy, «
JBSTFrienas ann acquaintance;) and members of
Germ Council No. 181). O. C. F., are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. _ :., from tbe resi-
dence of Ins sister, Mrs. F. W. Krone, 27fi Thir-
teenth street, near Mission. Interment LO. O.
F. Cemetery.
JOHNSON-In this city. "September 27. 1898,
Hattie A., beloved and youngest daughter of
Kdward ana Hattle Johnson (nee Bower) and
sister of Willie and Grade Johnson, a native of
■-an Francisco, ag?d 6 months.
I JOSF.PH-In this city. September 26, 1896, Ike
Josep'i, a native of Nakei, Prussia, aged 44 yean
0 months and 8 days.
KENNEDY— In Col ma. September 26, 1896. Ivy
Kennedy, a native of Los Angeles, Cal., aged 18
years 7 months and 2 days.
KENNY— In this citr. September 26, 1893, Mar-
garet Kenny, a native of New York, aged 41
years 4 months and 18 days.
KING— in this citr. September 25, 1896. Henry
L. King, a native of New York, aged 84 years 4
months and 13 days. ■ «
LIN KHAN— In Napa, September" 26. 1898. Ellen,
beloved wife of the late Cornelius Llnenag, a na-
tive of County Cork Ireland, aged 60 yuan.
tST Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORKOW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. it., from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter & Co.. l'A2, Kddy street.,
thence to .St Mary's Cathedral on Van Ness
avenue, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. . Interment Holy Cross 1
Cemetery. •
LOFTUS— In this city, September 27. 1898, Ann,
beloved wife of John Lofms and mother of Mrs.
Henry Cawley, the late Mrs. Mary Bel cor.
Mrs. Kate Driscoll and James Loftus, a native
of the parish of Kelireekle, Islcrema, County
Gat way, Ireland, aged CO years. [Philadelphia*
and Minnesota papers pieaae cop>'.j t
&g~ Friends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral WEDNES-
DAY, September 3». at 9:30 o'clock a. m., front
her late residence, 363% Eleventh street, thence
to St Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mas will be celebrated for the rcposeof her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock a. m.» Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McARDEL— In this city, September 26, 1896,
Mary, beloved wife of William A. McArdef,
■ daughter of Owen and Ann Callan, sister of
' Katie and James Callan, and niece of Mrs. John
Sullivan and Michael Callan, a native of the
parish of Annlslceen, County Monaghan, Ire-
liifi.l. u-<Hi 27 years. ■ ■ ■
ay Friends and acquaintances* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORRI>vV
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence. 512 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for- the repose of her soul.
commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. a
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city. September 26, 1895.
Mary Mclaughlin, a native of Ireland, aged 25
yean.
MARCH IN I— this city, September 27, 1898,
Mary, beloved wife of Gaetano Marchlnl, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 64 years 7 months aca 9
da vs.
Friends and acquaintances ar» re~>eev
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m ., from her late
residence, 8666 Seventeenth street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, where a solemn re*
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repot* of
her soul, commencing a: 10 o'clock a. if. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit
flowers. ••
MACDONALD— In this city, September 26, 1896.
Annie, beloved daughter of Archie and Annie
Macdonald. - - •
MITCHELL— In this city, September 26. 1898,
John G. Mitchell, beloved brother of Mrs. George
Nugent of San Jose, and nephew of -Rev. and
Mrs. George Gutb, a native of Goshen, Ind., aged
27 years 6 months and 20 dars.
F. or A.— To the officers and members of Court
Acme No. 51, F. of A-.: You are hereby notified
to assemble at your hall, Alcazar building, 120
O'Farrell street. THIS DAY Monday), at 1
o'clock p. m. sharp, to attend the funeral of our
late brother, J. G. Mitchell. By order. •
. » ROBERT MY_A<B, C. R.
T. E. Bbadlkt, Be-, sec. .
SWAIN— In this city. Seotember 25, 1896, Henry
C. swain, a native of Nantuc.ket, ated 63 years.
Iff- Funeral services will ha held THIS Day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m., at nls late resi-
dence, 1107 Post street, to which relatives and
friends are kindly invited. Interment private. .
SHERMAN— In Stockton, Cal., September 26.
1896, C. F. Sherman, a native of New York, aged
68 yean 2 months and 4 days.
SIMPSON— In this city, September 25. 1896,
Abraham Simpson, a native of New York, aged
44 years 4 mouths and 27 days.
SYDNOR— In this city, September 27. 1896. Ad-
dle Sydnor, beloved sister of Mrs. George Porter,
Mrs. Captain W. R. Bid eon 1, Miss Clara Tiernen
- and niece of Mrs. George Stewart, a native of
California, a?ed 19 years 7 months and 26 days.
49* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
full? Invited to attend the funeral WEDNES-
DAY, September 30, at 12 o'clock St.. at Sonoma.
Interment Sonoma Cemetery. Remains at her
sister's residence. 311 San Jo?e avenue. •.
' WiCAVOY & CALL AC HER* I
FONRRAL DIRECTORS A, EMBALMEES.
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
■ Telephone 3080.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN-MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEllK-
tery 10 the city: non-sectarian; in no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Office l»W Market
street southeast corner or sixth.
OOSMOPOZjIT _-_2NT.
Opposite U. & Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St.. San
Francisco, Cal — The most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room ¥1, 01 25 and $1 50 par
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Rooms 593
and 75c a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for the coacJi bearing the name of the Cos-
mopolitan Qotei. WM. FAH_Y, Proprietor
1112
RAINE Y TOUCHES
THE BUTTON
Political Henchmen Will
I)o His Dirty
■Work..
SUPERVISORS SELECTED
Local Democrats Hopelessly
'I: v! .Divided in the Fight
■[ ■■}'.: for Spoils.
• - : BAD HEWS [-'trots, MISSOURI.
Bourbons May Lose Their Hold in
the Sf ate That Boasts of
"I ••■; .' County Pike.
In spite of the fact that yesterday was
the Sabbath local Democratic politicians
were- busy making slates and combina
tions to control the coming election.
The Examiner's sudden conversion to
the . let-alone policy of passive non-inter
ference has given both the Buckley and
Rainey wings of the corrupt Democracy
hew* courage.
•Given renewed courage by the "hands
off" policy of the Democratic organ that
lately urged that Buckley and Rainey
ought £0 be sent to prison, the Rainey
crowd met in caucus last night at the
re.- idence of the invincible Sam and there
made a slate for Supervisors. The names
selected by the unholy brood were not
rriade public; but an old and respected
Democrat-, who learned what was in the
wind, thus expressed his disgust to a Call
reporter :
'•'They "have met in a shameless way, se
lected their tools and will promulgate the
rrames of their men to-morrow night. I
think it is high time that honest men of
tihe Denfocracy wer« organizing to go over
to «6me prganijZation of known strength
that stands for purity. MarK my words;
Cplojiel Taylor will get many a good Dem
ocratic.vote. ' :
It was said at a late hour last night that
tße conduct of Rainey at last night's cau
cus wa.> that of at> ab-oiute dictator; that
everything in the programme had been
s.elected witrh the greatest particularity
and that no one dared overrule what the
loca'i bossjiad planned.
•The men selected for Supervisor are
said to be "tried and true" and there is
firvery reason to believe that the Demo
cratic organ w-iil in a tew days be engaged
in swallowing a mess of political trash
that would test the digestive organs of a
political ostrich' or dodo.
. . Democrais were disconsolate last night
over news lately received from the East.
A-letter 'from "Judge Erwin, a prominent
ttlissouri Democrat, was freely read at sil
ver Headquarters.' Among otlier things it
said: "Be not surprised if McKin
l.ey carries Missouri. Our people are
sjnllen, , for they have not yet recovered
ffpm the shockof Biand's defeat, and even
those trot t!.us affected are sore over the
Cleveland' failure. Cleveland mined our
Chances and .Bryan may lose the State. '
; There was' considerable interest in the
Forty- first" Assembly District yesterday
over -the forthcoming Republican raily to
be- held aX Saratoga Hail on Saturday
nicht. ' The first McKinley ciub in the
United States was", formed in the Forty
first: -Assembly District, the younger
members ot winch .have" organized a drill
corps! : ■••
'The silrerttes .were. much discouraged
yesterday because of. the new silver move
ment headed by Btolan. Aside from this
fact they- received much bad news from
the South, where the -McKiniey tide has
Bet in "in earnest.'
ITALIAN-SWISS PICNIC.
• A- RepUblidanClub Outing H fid at
. •. ' '• Harbor VI w.
". • .The Italian-Swiss Republican Club held
'.a picnic at Germani* Park, Harbor View,
ye-terday. .Owing to rival attractions the
attendance was- riot as large as the club
. • had hoped for, but those present had a
. • very.en-joyable time. In audition to the
' . regular picnic diversions A. D. Splivalo,
• "the . honorary president of the club;
Thomas B. O'Brien, Congressional candi
". date from theFoifrth District, ana James
. A. Stevens were present and made siirring
Republican speeches.
' •The p esident of the club is F. G. Pica
roli. Phifip Giovannini was president of
. the day..
TEN KINGS' PICNIC.
Supporters of O'Brien and Camp
. •/•• -bell Wax Merry and Enthu
. siastlc.
.. The Tin Kings, an organization of Re
.-publicans residing near Larkin and Grove
•• Rtreets,. held .a picnic at Harbor View
•Park " .yesterday. The' organisation is
. especially active in urging the merits of
.• Thomas • B. O'Brien for Congress and
•• James -A: .Campbell for Police. Judge.
' . , MEW TO-DAT. " ■
a Japica
; : remedy of sterling
wo irth^- invaluable
•lor . all complaints of
. ' the ston^ack Sooth-
ing and curing with-
out false stimulation
;•: or distressing reaction*
• Askfor Fred Brown's*
Sold everywhere*
■ WUEO BKOWM CO., PHILADELPHIA.
Both these candidates were present and
m ide addresses. James A. Stevens aso
made a stirring Republican speech, which
was liberally applauded. The greater por
tion of-the day was devoted to dancing.
The attendance was good.
"ON TO CANTON."
Pllfirrlmaara of California Republl-
cans to McKinley's
Town.
The committee of arrangements for the
Republican excursion to Canton, Ohio, has
secured a most favorable rate from the
railway company, and wilt meet in tbe
Palace Hotel to-day for the purpose of
concluding details of preparation for the
trip to McKinley's city.
The excursion is to leave San Francisco
between October land 10. As stated in a
circular letter oi' the Excursion Ass"cia
tion tbe aim is to have all of the following
interests represented on tbe excursion if
possible: General agriculture, the min
ing interest, the lumber interest, sheep
and wool growing, cattle raising, general
fruit raisine, tbe irrigation interest, grape
growing, raisin making, sugar-beet grow
ing, the railway iransportation interest,
the ocean shipping interest, general com
merce, tbe mercantile interest, the manu
facturing interest, tbe banking business,
the petroleum industry, the Nicaragua
canal, etc.
ANOTHER BIG FAIR.
A Home Product Kxposition to Be Held
in Lcl Angeles.
Julian SonntHg, president of the Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association, is
in receipt of a communication from C. D.
Gray of Los Angeles relative to the Home
Products Exposition that is to be held in
that city in the near iuture. The exposi
tion will be held under the auspices of the
Chamber of Commerce and Board of
Trade. The letter states that :be whole
sale and retail dealers of Los Angeles are
greatly interested in the project.
It is the desire of the promoters to have
those who are exhibiting home products
at the San Francisco Home Products Ex
position send their exhibits to tbe south
ern fair as soon as tbe fair i ere closes, and
tbe statement is made that the railroads
will assist materially in the way of reduc
tion on freight rates.
Mr. Sonntag at once requested Manager
Tacy to issue cards and distribute them
among the exhibitors, notifying them of
their opportunities to display their goods
in Los Angeles. Tbe exhibitors will be
advised not to dispose of their exhibits,
etc., until after looking into the proposi
tion made by Mr. Gray.
Mr. Gray also gives the information
that a man named Potter is about to erect
a large hotel in Los Angeles and that it
will cost about $100.0000 to supply it with
its requirements. It is Mr. Potter's in
tention to build and furnish the hotel
from bottom to top with California
products.
CROWDS AT ST, JOSEPH'S
Parishioners Attend the Redemp
torists' Mission in Large
Numbers.
Remarkable Success of the Zealous
Priests in Their Work tor
Men and Women.
St. Joseph's Church on Tenth street is
still the scene of remarkable gatherings of
parishioners, who morning and ni^ht
crowd the edifice to excess in order to at-
FRANK CARNIVALI; Who Attempted to Kill George Zitka
Because of Some Fancied Insult.
tend the mission now being conducted by
the Redemptorist fathers, O'Shea and
Mullane.
All day yesterday St. Joseph's was vis
ited by devout members of the parish, and
at hours of service there was barely room
enough for those who were eager to be
present.
In the morning there was a solemn high
mass at which Concone's mass in £ flat
was sung by the talented choir, but even
earlier — before daybreak— the church wua
filled with young women. They were then
conducing a week of prayer and spiritual
exercises. They aeain attended in the
afternoon, folly 1500 of them, when the
mission to them came to a clo-c. At this
service the choir pang MiJard's l> Veni
Creator," the "Magnificat" from Moznrt's
"Twelfth Mass," Millard's "Tantum
Erco," Rosewig's "Lauaate Dominum"
and a beautiful duet for soprano and bary
tone was given in the "OI Salutaris," by
Verdi.
The mission for married men opened at
night, when there were about 1200 men in
the congregation. Father Mullane, G. S.
8. R., preached on the immortality of the
*oul. He showed that the proof could be
known by. faith and the teaching of God;
by the judgment of a man's own con
science and by the justice and holiness of
God. His deductions were that man's
only and most important work in the
world ana most urgent affair was the sal
vation of the soul.
The evening services concluded with
benediction. On Wednesday or Thursday
evening a special lecture will be delivered
by one of the Redemptonsts on"The Duties
and Obligations of the Married State."
During the week ail men doing the mis
sion will attend as 5 :30 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
each day, and many will be present at the
9 o'clock morning services.
Cleaning the Streets.
The Merchants' Association hns sent to the
Street Committee of the Supervisors a long
communication relative to the cleaning and
sprinkling of the public streets. It stales thai
as only $120,000 has been appropriated to this
purpose it s necessary to modify and amend
the specifications recommended by the asso
ciation.
The vitality of the snail is remarkable
One that was glued to a card in the British
Museum for four years came to life after
beiujt immersed in warm water. Some
specimens in the collection of a naturalist
revived aft-r they bad apparently been
dead for fifteen years.
The bellbird's note sounds much like a
tolling bell. It can be heard at a distance
of three miles.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1896.
FIRED TWO SHOTS
AT HIS FRIEND
Why Frank Carnivali
Sought to Kill Young
George Zitka.
HELD THE BRIDE'S HAND
Only a Few Hours Married, the
Groom Promptly Resented
Such Familiarity.
THE MARRIAGE FEAST ENDED.
How a New Husband Lands in Prison
With an Assault to Murder
Charge Against Him.
Married at 2 o'clock and in less than five
hours behind prison bars with an assault
to murder charge resting against him is
a chapter in the life of Frank Carnivali
which he will remember as long as ne
lives. His incarceration is due to an at
tempt to kill George ZitKa because the lat
ter insisted on shaking hands with the
bride. Incidentally it may be remarked
that the groom had looked often on the
! wine when it was red, hence he was in a
proper condition to resent any fancied in
sult offered his fair young wife.
Yesterday afternoon Frank Carnivali, a
window-washer, was married to Filomena
Campolongo, a pretty-faced, black-eyed
Italian girl who acknowledges to 22 sum
mers. Father de Carolis of the Saint Pe
ter and Saint Paul Church performed t!<e
ceremony and then sent the happy couple
on their way rejoicing.
Mr. and Mrs. Carnivali took in the
sights of the City, and at 4 o'clock repaired
to the home of the groom, 4 Pollard place,
where the bridal dinner was to be served.
About 5 o'clock the guests began to ar
rive, among them being George Zitka, a
bootblack, who, it seems, had been an ar
dent admirer of the bride in the days
when she was simply Filomena Campo
longo. This fact, however, did not, at
least at that time, disturb the bubbling
happiness of Carnivali and his guests.
In time the quests were seated around
the banquet table, and everythine went
as smoothly as the proverbial marriage
bell. It is said there was wine in plenty,
and further that the glasses, including
that of the host, was not allowed to be
come empty. It was right in the midst cf
the feast that the trouble occurred, but as
to just what brougit it about nobody
seems to be quite positive.
It is generally said, however, and the
story is accepted by the police, that Zitka
finally so far succumbed to the inspiring
influences of the occasion that he essayed
to shower his congratulations on the young
wif<> in rather a boisterous manner. Fi
na y he grasped the hand of the briile and
was about to say something appropriate
to the occasion, when Carnivali, enraged
at what he thought was an insult, pulled
his pistol and before any one could inter
fere fired two shots at the a.-tomsne<l
Zitka. Both took effect, tnough fortu
nately the wounds were not of a serious
character. Oue went throu h the fiVshy
part of the left side and the other shat
tered the ri^ht wrist.
Of course the unexpected shooting put
au immediate end to the festivities. Offi
cer Hac&ett placed Carnivali under arrest
and sent Zitka to the Receiving Hospital,
where his injuries were properly dressed
by Dr. James F. Kearney.
Carnivali when seen at the prison last
night expressed great regret for the un
happy ending of a day wuich started out
so joyfully.
"I do not know just how it happened."
hersaid. "We were seated at the table and
had drunk considerable wine. They began
to tease me, and then blood came in my
eyes, and I don't remember just what fol
lowed. lam very sorry, but that is all I
care to say now.''
The charge of assault to murder has
been placed opposite the name 01 Carnivali.
Up to a Jate hour last night he had not
sucoec'.ed in uiving bail, which was fixed
at $2000.
NEW JERUSALEM
Rev. D. V. Bo wen Preached Yesterday
on the Subject of Per
fection.
At the New Jerusalem Church, oh
O'Farrell street, yesterday, Rev. D. V.
Bowen spoke upon ''Perfection," taking
for his text, "Be ye therefore perfect, even
as your Father which is in heaven is per
fect." He said:
From the words immediately preceding the
text we are teupht that perfection is not tne
perfection of the infinite wisdom of God or of
his Infinite power, but the perfection of good
ness. *nd we are not to take imperfect man an
our Ideal, but the fatherly principle in God.
We need this high angelic standard to In
splte lofty aims and enrneet <ffort. When we
overcome wrong habits we should desire and
strive alter a change of thought and feeling.
We cannot attain thin higher wisdom aud
purer love in a moment by a miraculous oper
ation.
Immediately after service a meeting of
the society was apain called to vote for
I pastor. On t'.:e first ballot Mr. Bowen was
■ elected by more than a two-tbirds vote.
Cruelty to a Dog.
Louisa Debernardi, a quiet, modest little
girl 14 years of a«c, was taken to the City
Prison yesterday morning by her pareuts, as
they learned there was a warrant out lor her
arrest for cruelty to animal*. Bhe was regis
tered and released on $40 cash bail furnished
by Attorney Walter Gallagher. Tbe complain
ing witness ia Mrs. Amalie Uhlman, a neigh
bor of her parents on the San Bruno road, and
she alieges that the little plrl cut her dog's
fac* with a butcher-kuife, which the girl em
phatically denies.
THE QUEEN OF SHEBA
1 Lesson Closely Allied to Leading
Question* Among Women
To-Day.
A very practical lesson was based on
I. Kings x:l-13, in Mrs. Cooper's class yes
terday. The teacher remarked in opening
tne lesson: "The Queen of Sbeba was an
earnest inquirer; she wished to investigate
for herself — to ask her own questions.
And the King graciously answered all her
questions. Every person has particular
inquiries, doubts, desires and opinions.
The inquiry is never the same. No one
can ask another person's questions. Re
member tliat, and alway asks your own
questions. Questions may be identical in
phraseology and yet be different in tone,
quality, starit and exi-re^oion. This noted
Queen put herself to much trouble on her
own spiritual account. We can afford to
take great pains to get spiritual knowl
edge. Sbe was prepared to listen. This
saves a vast amount of time. No one can
speak to any purpose who has not the
hearts and ears of his audience. If we
would hear heaven's messages we must
listen for them. 'Speak, Lord, for thy ser
vant heareth. 1 There would be greater
preachers if there were gjeater hearers.
Every fresh and vital question that
comes from an inspired listener is a fresh
incentive for deeper study and diviner
trust«n the great mspirer. The spirit of
God is the inspiring power. The Queen of
Sheba was moved by this all-pervading
spirit of God. Just think what a journey
sue took of four or five months — about
2000 miles, over a scorched and stony
road. She never would have taken that
journey had she not been starving for
JOACHIM MATHISEN, the Young; Architect of the Crocker
Building Who Hanged Himself Yesterday With a Four-in-Hand
Necktie.
knowledge. Who would not go farther to
get one new, grand thought than to get
gems. Wisdom is better than rubles. It
is a fine thing that we do not neei to
travel to get spiritual knowledge. Think
of the disciple. Where did they get
their knowledge? The tirst condition for
the reception of truth is a wilhner, facile,
receptive spirit. Then the courage to live
the truth, to speak the truth and to stand
for the truth. It is not mere intellectual
in-ight that we should hunger for, but
heart wis'iom, foul insight. Verse 7
telis us that the Queen was a skeptic, but
she was a dowur ght honesi one, like
Thomas of the apostles. lam clad that
all doubters are privileged to ask any and
all questions of him who is greater than
Solomon. If we would verify the fact of
a living, loving Savior we must come to
him.
BACK WITH A FORTUNE
Arrival of Thomas M<°in, Man
ager of the London Explora
tion Company.
The Story of His Rapid Rise, Political
Experiences and the Big Mines
He Represents-
Captain Thomas Mem, the noted Cali
fornia mining man, formerly of Oakland,
who for four and a half years pa«t has
befcn manager of the ereat Robinson Gold
Mining Company and director in several
other companies at Johannesburg, South
A rica, arrived her» Saturday night. He is
accompanied by Mrs. Mem and their two
sons, R. M. and W. W. Mem.
Captain Mem was n member of the
celebrated Reform Committee of Johan
nesburg, and was one of the Ameri
cans who wns imprisoned there. He
served in all five week- in prison,
and was fined also $10000, and when
the charge against him was <Msmissed he
was required to take no part in politics
for three years. The captain's long trip
has been a little trying on him and he was
not feeling well.
He has returned to take up his perma
nent headquarters in San Francisco as ihe
representative of the London Exploration
Company, probably the greatest mining
company in the world. In this capacity
he will manage tne Alaska Treadw 11,
Mexican and United Mining companies,
in Alaska ; the One da. in Amador County ;
the Sieeplerock, in New Mexico, and the
Grand Central, in Mexico. These are all
gold mines. Captain Mem will also ex
amine the mines and make purchases for
ihccompany. Hamilton Smith, formerly
of this City, is ihe engineer of the London
Exploration Company, and Sir Horace
Farquhar is president of it.
Tne company has several subordinate
companies, among them being theF;ench
Exploration and the Australian Explora
tion companies. There is an immense
amount of money backing them, much of
which has Oeen made in South African
mines.
W. W. Mem has been for some time
past manager of the Robinson Gold Min
ing Company's chlorination works, while
R. M. Mem has been engaged in import
ing timber from Australia for use in the
mines. His partner, Walter D. Davies.
an Australian, is one of the two young
men yet in prison because of the South
African political difficulties.
R. M. Mem says Africa is a magnificent
country and that there is almost no preju
dice against Americans there. Money is
very plentiful, but mining property is very
hi^ti. Captain Mem has acquired a large
lortune in South Africa, a fortune not sur
passed by any other American mining
man. It is said to amount to a princely
sum.
Borrow on sealskins, silks ana Jewels at Uncle
Harris. 15 Grant' avenue. ;
HANGED BY HIS
FOUR-IN-HAND
Architect J. B. Mathisen
Ends His Life With a
Necktie
UNDER A CYPRESS TREE.
Selects a Lonely Spot in the
Berkeley Woods lor His
Rash Act
DESPONDENCY THE CAUSE.
For Some Time Past He Had Been
Under a Cloud of Mis
fortune.
BERKELEY, Cal m Sept. 27.— An extra
ordinarily peculiar case of suicide took
place in Berkeley some time during last
night. Joachim B. Mathisen, a well-
known San Francisco architect and a
member of tiie firm of Howard <fe M&ttx
lsen, dome business in the Crocker build
ing. Ban Francisco, strangled himself to
death in the woods to the rear of the
Blind Asylum, with a four-in-hand neck
tie which he had suspended to a small
cypress branch.
Despondency throuen complication of
business affairs is attributed as the cause
of the deed.
The peculiar phase of the case lies in
the fact that the branch to which he had
hung himself was only about three feet
from the ground. When found Mathisen
was in a kneeling posture, his bead
thrown forward, and his hands and arms
dangling by his sides.
He bad literally strangled himself to
death. There was not the slightest sign
of struggle or that he had passed through
any paroxysms of pain while in the tnroes
of death. He ad gone to the lonely >pot
in the woods, and in an evident fit of mo
mentary insanity had deliberately an 1 in
a spint of determination which had char
acterized his life committed suicide. He
had been despondent for some time past
because of the heavy load of business af
fairs with which he was weighted down,
but his rash act came as a great surprise
to his fienis, both in Berkeley and in
San Francisco.
The deed was wholly premeditated, for
in his pocket was found a postal card ad
dressed to C. B. Vorce, a draughtsman in
his office, with the following written on
the back: "Please look for directions in
safe. — M." Tl;at he purposed ending his
life last night does not seem to follow, be
cause of the peculiar method he employed
in tying the four-in-hand about his neck.
His body was not found until this morn
ing when a stranger, who happened to be
walking through the grove of trees, dis
covered it and bore the news to Joseph
Alkulay, who lives near the asylum.
Douglas Keith, who lives in a house ad
joining that of Alkalay, and with whom
Mathisen boarded for the past year, went
with Alkalay to the scene. Keith was
overcome when he discovered that the
suicide was his friend Mathisen.
The dead architect came to the United
States from his native country, Norway,
about ten years ago, and in 1891 set up
business in San Francisco with William
Howard on Montgomery street.
Mathisen was well acquainted with the
late l'age Brown, and when the latter died
last year he and his partner took charge
ot Brown's business in the Crocker build
ing. Soon afterward Howard was taken
ill and had to go to Japan for his health,
leaving Mathissen in entire charge of the
business.
He had undertaken to carry too much.
A high office rental and a decreasing
monthly income did not go well together.
Mathisen had a few nundred dollars
when he took the office, but he spent it all
in keeping up expenses.
Douglas Keith, with whom he boarded,
said that he knew the deceased architect
had been hard pressed for some time, but
being a man of strung determination, be
lieved that he would overcome the difficul
ties confronting him. Mathisen was
generally known as temperate and up
right in all His dealings on this side of the
bay.
Several of the most artistic houses in
Berkeley were designed by him, among
which are the residences ot Pro essor E.
B. Clapp, Anson Blake and Douglas
Keith. Last year he was nppoimed by
the Town B >a/d of Elucation to draw up
a set of plans for the proposed new High
School building. He has recently been at
work on the plans of the new school build
ing to be erected at Dwight way and at
North Berkeley. H*» was a member of
Live Oak Ludge of Masons in Oakland.
An inquest will be held to-morrow.
Charles B. Vorce, an architect em
ployed as draughtsman by Mathissen, was
seen last evening at his home in Oakland.
He ascribes the suicide to general de
spondency over business prospects. He
said that Mathissen released two em
ployes within the last few days.
The Mohawk Indians will not allow so
n\uch as a blade of grass to grow upon the
graves of their companions.
KEW TO-DAT— DRT GOODS.
NOVELTY SILKS
FOB FULL WMBI
This week we will exhibit an elegant
assortment of the LATEST NOVELTIES in
Silks for Fall wear. It will include ombre
effects in stripes and figures, Fancy Warp
prints in monotone effects, handsome two-
toned effects in heavy Brocaded Silks, fof
street and evening dresses. . .'.
SPECIAL VALUES I
BLACK BROCADED GROS-GRUN SILKS, large variety
of new designs, 22 inches wide $1.00 a Yard
BLACK BROCADED SATIS DUCHESSE, elegant assortment
large designs $1.2) a Yard
Good value for $1,75.
BLACK MIRROR MOIRE, latest novelty for handsome
Dress Skirts $1.50 and $1.75 a Yard
BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE, all pure silk and full 24 inches
wide.... $1.00 a Yard
Worth $1.50.
CHANGEABLE TAFFETA SILKS (extra qnality), 100 dif-
ferent combinations 75c a Yard
BLACK FIGURED GROS-GRAIN SILK (small patterns),
extra heavy quality, 22 inches wide , .75c a Yard
Worth $1.25.
1000 pieces COLORFD SILK VELVETS, in 100 different
shades Price $1.50 and $2.00 a Yard
Worth $2.00 and $2.50 per Yard.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
The quality of ' the food
you eat is as important as
the kind of books you read,
as the sources of your amuse-
ments, as the training of
your children and all that
pertains to better living.
Quality is the essential
element in everything we
buy.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday— Tuesday — Wednesday
Tea lb 35c
Family mixed (green and blact)
New Blend (English)
Nint'chow Ccngon (Breakfast)
Baske fired Japan (uncolored)
Japan Young Hyson (green)
all regularly 50c 3 lbs $1
Excelsior baking powder
lb 30c
regularly 45c 5 lb tin $1 26
Theaa prices induce trials; trials,
prove superiority; superiority
holds trade; trade makes money.
Bouillon capsules
10 in box 25c
regularly 30c
Beef tea in convenient form for
travelers, picnics, sickrooms and
children.
Cocktails quarts 75c
regularly $1; our bottling
Aged in glass, best ingredients,
fine &a silk
six kinds.
Lentils 3 I- 2 lbs for 25c
regularly 10c
New crop from Germany
Finnan baddies tin 15c
regularly 20c.
Smoked baddies don't keep in
warm weather; these in tin* are a
great success.
Buffalo Lithia water, price reduced,
both wholesale and retail.
We are agents for Everard's Canada
Malt Beer and old English Alf and Alf.
Catalogue with illustrations.
The»"Caledon" rugs are
herel
Made (for us) in Scot-
land. That alone ought to
Speak for their goodness.
50 years' wear in each.
New furniture catalogue ready. Free.
California Furniture Company
(N. P. Cole at Co.) <
117 G«ary Stre«t,
*AT AUCTION
: TO-MORROW. "':. "V•■ '
TUESDAY..'. SEPTEMBER 39. 1890,
At la o'clock noon. '. . ; ■
AT OUR SALESROOiyjSSffIIRKET ST.
BUSINESS FROPERrv r PTH ANlk'
SHIPLEY STREETS. i °
Southwest corner of Fifth and Shipley streets. * ••
Front building on Fifth street, storVkid 6 rooms-
rear building on Shipley. street, 2 French flaisi full ■'
ren.sss«:: streets in bituminous rock and came ■ •
FELL ST. -IMP: PROPERTY"
82* r £." n &fa 08and408ya) " ° **" "<***> ±
Improve ments-2 flats of 7 and 5 rooms" and • '■
bath; also on Linden avenue, front, 4 flats of 3 • :
rooms each; mil income $53; Fell street and wal* •." '
mtnmlnized; Linden avenue in basalt block! '
S a £Sd?r. e w~«i c; u r^" x ! »** thrOu^ : " '
MISSION HEIGHTS-COTTAGE. .'* " =
We «' A n . c (No. 164 > of Clara avenue, 168 feet ' :'•
north-of Eighteenth s:reet. near Douglass.* • • -• : "
Pretty cottage of 5 rooms and bath: street •
sewered, graded and macadamised; cement wall? " ■
fo° 28™i36feeu X; £ J ght « eatll -» t »i* «lectrio-c*i»»
RICHMOND CORNER. . '"" ' •"•"'
8 Northeast corner of California gtreet and Twes. •
tieth avenue. ■ "»"» '- .
A large, fine business corner with small building '" *
contain. store and 4 rooms; Sutro Electric and ".
lalllornia-street cars; large corner lot, 29x120 feeu v
. TWO MISSION COTTAGES. "•- V * "
Southeast line of Arlington street,*4l3 feet south-
west of Kounoke, 379 and 381 Arlington street. " *
Two pre l.- bay-window cottage;! of 4 rooms ao*" * •••
bath; in fine. condition;, but one minute's walK ,• "
from San Francisco and san .Maieo electric road :■•
rents $10 each; will be sola singly; lorn. 25x99 «
eacu. • .
' BADEN CORNER LOT. •- ' ';'.
Near Baden station, on the a V.' K. R., and on *
tbe main county road, San Francisco and San,
Jose; also within a few feet of the eiectric-roa4 = .
terminal. .■-..-• • . • .-
ThU>is a large and choice triangular business *
corner; would pay to build a roadhouie on it;
travel is very large passing same; examine- •ft: ■ .
must be sold; corner triangular lot, 142x162x89"*'.
feet. . •**.*" ■"•
LARGE MISSION RESIDENCE LOT. * ."
North line of- Twenty-second street. 152:9 feet » *,
east of Sanchez; Mission an 1 Twenty-fourth areas
electric; large building lot, 50:llsll4. *
SOUTHSIDE— DOUIII.K L'«T.
East line of El^venth'avenue, 100' feet north of "
J street ; double lot near Uolden.Uate Park ; H-street
dummy and Jtetrppolitau electric; lot 00x120 feet. .*
FOX ACCOUNT WHOM IX MAY CUV-
CUBS. ".
North line of Greenwich'street, 8Q f«jet west of { -'
Bro crick: a large, fine residence lot, all ready for
building; XJnion^treet cable; large lot; 51x8j add ■ ■
90 feet. '■:•...«••
. .*..... ALSsO •
Northwest corner of bhode Island and Ybto *
streets; lot all ready for buil . lug; streets bit
lzed and sewered; l*oirfcro-avenue road; lot siix7s
feet. 4 • « • . .'• •
ALSO..... ' . • ..• *,
An undivided one-half interest in «bo"ut 13 acre*
plamed'in orange trees 4 years old, locate 1 iv tho
thriving town of Thermal ito, near Orovllie. liai«
County. * •
tar The above three propertlesr are sold for ac"
count whom ii may concern, for cash, subject to
conhrmation.
EAST"ON, HLDlilOliK & CO., "
638 Market at. Auction oors-
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL
Udl S THE ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
v Direct Entrance from Market St.
opisN MATH. ■MIDNH.Hr.
FOR SALE.
STEAMER "T.4MALPAIS," RECENTLY M
overhauled and in good order, inquire ot N. '
P. c. B. B, Co., 14 B»nsome street. ' ;