VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 115.
VOTERS GO
TO CANTON
Producers Journey to Greet
the Champion of
Protection.
FARMERS ARE SICE OF
FREE TRADE.
They Do Not Believe That the
Unlimited Coinage of Silver
Will Cure All Ills.
ONE THOUSAND NEW YORKERS
ALSO IN LINE.
Men of All Classes Cheer Major
McKinley as H; Expounds the
Truths of Republicanism.
CANTON, Ohio, 6ept 22.— Three dele
gations called on Major McKinley to-day
and he addressed them all. Despite a
drizzling rain that continued throughout
the morning and a strong northwest wind
that blew cold during the afternoon, the
enthusiasm displayed was unabated. The
Holmes County farmers were the first to
arrive. Major McKinley spoke to them in
part as follows:
Six years ago free trade was to be the cure
for all our ills, free trade was to be the panacea
for all our troubles. Well, we have now for
four years enjoyed partial free trade in the
T'nite'i States, especially in wool, and what
effect has it had upon tne woo -growers of
Holmes County and other wool-growing coun
ties? You know better than I can tell you.
Kow.it is free silver — free bilver is going to
cure ail our ills.
Why, my fellow-citizens, it doesn't make any
difference how free silver is to be coined in
the United States you will not get one dollar
of it unless you give something for it. [A voice
"Tnat's right," ana applause.] If we had
mints in every State of the Union and in every
county and in every city, ana the silver of th*
world was brought to these mints, silver
would not be any easier to get ior you than it
is now. .And, besides, in this country we do
not propose to have a dishonest dollar. [Great
applause.] We propose to have the best of
everything that's going. We've got the best
country and the best men and we propose to
continue to have the best money. [Great ap
plause.
This is another thing, my fell ow-citi tens.
This year the people mean to put at rest the
question of their honesty, which was never
doubtea either at home or abroad until put in
controversy by the allied parties in this politi
cal contest. I say allied parties— the one «
Democratic party assuming an old name, the
other a little older and falsely claiming to be
the prop'e's party. It is to the credit of the
country that the time-honored leaders of one
of the parties have indignantly repudiated
those who have assumed to question the pub
lic honor in the name of Democracy. [Ap
plause.]
The people in November will repudiate the
other part of the combination for assuming
the role of dishonor in tneir sacred name. [Ap
plause.] The people have no patience with
those who would violate the plighted faith of
the Nation and stamp its obligation with dis
honor. They will not tolerate repudiation of
public order or private dealing. They wili not
countenance trie clipping of the coins of the
country, and they will never consent to clip
ping the currency in any form it may be pro
posed. [Applause] The contest should be
settled this year that no party can hereafter
alarm the business world and shake public
confidence by the proposition to scale our
debts, either public or private.
About 2 o'clock a delegation to the num
ber of 1000, from Cattaragus and Chautau
qua counties. New York, arrived by a
special train of fifteen coaches. They were
met by the Canton mounted troop and a
reception committee and escorted to the
McKinley residence. Among the towns
represented were Jamestown, Randolph,
Carroll, Frewoburg, Lakewood, Watts
Flats and Panama.
Major McKinley, bowing his acknowl
edgments, then addressed the crowd as
follows:
My fellow citizens, It is especially gratifying
to me to welcome to my city and home citizens
of the great Empire State of New York. It is a
proud thing to be a citizen of the first and
greatest State in the Union, but it is prouder
still to be a citizen of the mighty American
Nation. [Great cheering.] Your call at any
time would have been most welcome, but your
coming so far on such an inclement day to
testify your devotion to Republican principle's
is, indeed, a most impressive and significant
*<*• '■; :, ; ...*■■-.
It is difficult to realize— and I sometimes
think that the country does not realize— that
as Immense as the great resources of the coun
try are, still New YorK is the first State in both
the vaine of her farms and farm products.
[Applause.] Your farmers, therefore, are quite
as much interested In the proper settlement oi
the free silver, tariff and reciprocity issues in
this campaign, which in importance dominate
all others, as the farmers of any other section
of the country.
The attempt to inflame the passion of the
West and South against the East is therefore
but a mischievous and unpatriotic effort to
■ rouse prejudice and hatred against men of
their calling, affected by the same causes and
feeling the same business depression as those
which disturb and harass the whole country.
[Applause.] I have uo sympathy, my fellow
citizens, with a cause based upon hate and
passion. It is beneath the aims and purposes
of patriotic freemen, and I am glad to note
that it receives no encouragement from the
sturdy citizens of New York. [Applause and
cries of "New York is all rignt."]
How strikingl' the names of the illustrious
Hamilton and the Empire State of New York
are inseparably connected. We cannot think
of the great events of\>ur history without at
once associating them together; and we can
not recall any example of like nature so con
spicuous unless it be the inseparable associa
tion of Washington and Jefferson with Vir
ginia ana Lincoln with Illinois. [Applause.]
No man of his time left a more lasting impres
sion on public legislation than the eminent
leader in New York, Alexander Hamilton, who
more than any one else secured her ratification
ot the Constitution, and than whom we are
more largely indebted than to any other
citizen for our protective tariff system, which
ho always steadily supported, and for our ex
cellent monetary system. [Applause.]
We have heard a great deal in this campaign
about the doctrines ot our fathers. Hamilton
favored both gold and silver as money, though
he preferred gold alone himself, and the Gov
The San Francisco Call
eminent of the United States entered upon the
use of both.
Hamilton announced the great fundamental
principle when he said: "There can hardly be
a better rule for any country for a legal ten.
der than the market ratio." In other words,
every coin should contain enough metal that
when melted it would be worth just as much
as when it is stamped as money, the bu'.lion or
market value always to De the same as its legal
or money value. [Applause and cries of "He
was right."] This was the doctrine of Hamil
ton and Jefferson. This has been the unde
viatitiK policy of the Government under every
administration and has been the settled policy
of all the great parties of the country from the
beginning oi the Government. By the act of
July, 1890, commonly known as the Sherman
law, v.c insisted upon putting into law the
doctrine of Hamilton— the parity of the two
metals must always be sacredly maintained.
[Applause.] The representatives wrote into
thai law— for both branches of Consress and
the President were in the hands oi the Repub
lican party— a solemn pledge, which is as bind
ing an agreement between the Government
and the people as was ever adopted.
Here is the language: "It is the established
policy of the United States to maintain the
two metals (gold and Bilver) at a parity with
each other upon the present legal ratio, or at
such ratio as may be established by law."
This was the act of the Fifty-first Congress,
passed by the Republican parly for the pur
pose of maintaining tne free coinage of silver
at the ratio of 16 to 1, but never to give silver
the greatest possible use as money, and for
that purpose providing for the utilization of
substantially the full product of the American
mines. (Applause.) This is not the only dec
laration of recent years in support of the Ham
ilton idea of their parity. The Fifty-third
Congress, elected in 1892, mid Democratic in
both branches, with President Cleveland as
chief executive elected by the Democratic
party, also recognised the doctrine of the
parity.
President Cleveland was so convinced that
the coinage of silver was becoming a peril to
the country that he called Congress together
in 1893, and Congress, at his earnest solicita
tion, proceeded to repeal the purchasing
clause of the so-called Sherman law, and in do
ing this wrote into our public statutes this ex
pression: "And it is hereby declared to be the
policy of the United States to continue the use
of both gold and silver as the standard
money, and to coin botn gold and silver into
money of equal intrinsic and unchangeable
value, this equality to be secured tnrough in
ternational agreement or by such safeguards
of legislation as will insure the maintenance
of the parity in value of the coins of the two
metals and the equal power of either dollar at
all times in the market and in the payment of
debts." This was the act of the Fifty-third
Congress under President Cleveland, an act by
a Democratic Congress and a Democratic Pres
ident, approved by a Democratic ad frustration
and indorsed everywhere by the Democratic
press, and, &3 I believe, by the masses oi the
Democratic party.
It is true we, as Republicans, can take satis
faction in the fact that it would not have
passed the Senate except at the earnest sup
port of the Republicans, and none more promi
nently than Senator Sherman himself. But
the Democratic party was solely responsible
for legislation then, and its action bound the
members of the party strongly to the support
of honest money, as the Fifty-first Congress
had committed the Republicans of the coun
try to the same doctrine. With what bad
faith, therefore, with what disregard for the
right, for justices and honor, can any citizen
now say that the Government shall ei.ter uj.on
any settlement Of our debts on a scheme of
coinage the confessed result of which would
be to destroy the parity between dollars, drive
gold from circulation and reduce i ho value of
silver and paper dollars in circulating nearly
one half? Hamilton and Jefferson, Jackson
and Lincoln, Grant and Cleveland never
taught a doctrine so perilous as that. [Great
applause.]
The peopie of the United States will never
adopt so discreditable and dangerous a course,
nor will they fail to brand it with their con
demnation whenever an opportunity is given
them through the ballot. [Cheers.] The idle talk
about the '-dollars of the fathers and the prin
ciples and men of 1776" will do no harm, but
It will never convince the honest citizen that
Hamilton or Jefferson or any other of our re
vered fathers or patriots ever viewed with
toleration any scheme of dishonest finance,
or contemplated for an ir slant the
idea that the United States wou'd cheat
its people in its money or repudiate
any of its obligations, made either by
expressed terms or implication. [Great cheer
ing.] Free silver means free trade. [Cries of
"Of course, it doesl"] Suppose you could pay
the duty with a 52-cent dollar, would yon not
reduce the proteciion you now have almost
one half?
My fellow-citizens, do not be deluded. No
matter how much money we have or may have
in this country, there is but one way to get it
and that is to give something for it. [Applause
and cries of "That's right."] What we want
just now is somebody who wants what we
have to give him. [Cheers.] Labor cannot
wait. The capital of the workingman is in his
strong right arm. [Tremendous cheering.]
If he does not use it, just that much of his
capital is gone and gone forever. [Renewed
cheering.] The capitalist can wait on his divi
dend, but the workingman cannot wait on his
dinner. [Great laughter and applause.] And
there is nothing so well calculated to injure
labor in the United States as a depreciated
currency. [Cries of "That's right, major, hii
triem hard."] I want to read what Webster
•aid March 15, 1837. Jn your great State: "He
who tampers with the currency robs labor of
its bread. He panders, indeed, to greedy capi
tal, which is keen-sighted and may shift for
itself, but he beggars labor, which is honest,
unsuspecting and too busy with the present
to calculate for tne future."
The prosperity of the workln£classes lives,
moves and has its being in an established credit
and a steady medium of payment. All sudden
changes destroy it. Honest industry never
comes in for any part of the spoils in that
scramble which takes place when the currency
of a country is disordered. Did wild schemes
and projects ever benefit the industrious? Did
violent fluctuations ever do good to him that
depends on his daily labor for bis daily bread?
[Great applause and cries of "No.no."] Cer
tainly, never. All these things may gratify
greediness for sudden gain or the rashness of
strong speculation, but they can bring noth
ing but injury and distress to the homes of
patient industry and honest labor. [Great
applause.]
Three cheers were again given for
Major McKinley when be had concluded,
and the nominee went through the ordeal
of shaking hands with the entire com
pany. At 4 o'clock the last delegation of
the day arrived. It filled ten coaches and
was composed of 600 members of the Mc-
Kinley clubs of Eikhart County, lnd.
Major McKinlev said:
I cannot forget as I stand in the presence of
an Indiana audience tLat it was your State
that produced that splendid soldier and states
man and illustrious President, Benjamin Har
rison [tremendous applause], whose adminis
tration for iour yearsof the Government of the
United States has hardiy a parallel in the his
tory of our country. Honest, strong, wise,
pat iotic, American— an administration that
stood by the great doctrines of the Republican
party and that never turned its oack upon the
glorious old stars and stripes and the men who
sustained them during the four years of civil
war. [Applause.] We would be glad to be
back in those four year* under the administra
tion of President Harrison, ye*rs of highest
and greatest prosperity to the American peo
pl«, when every shop was ODen, when every
factory was running, when every busy, thriv
ing city of this land was active in its enter
prises and in its industries.
It has not been so in the last four years
[Cries of "No, you bet it hasn't."] You remem
ber that in 1892 the campaign was filled with
glittering promises; everything good was to
come to this country If we would only turn
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 23, 1896.
the Republican party out of power and put the
Democratic party in. Free trade was to re
lieve us of every ill or evil that had ever set
tled upon this country; protection was »
robbery, was unconstitutional, was a fraud and
ought to be repealed, and that if that party
was only given power in this country they
would repeal that law, and then we would
enter upon an era of prosperity the like of
which we had never known before. And the
people put that party in power, and the splen
did prosperity we have had since you know all
about. [Loud laughter and applause.] We
are not asking too much, my fellow-citizens,
when we ask for an American policy that shall
protect the American people in their occupa
tions and their employment, are we? [Loud
cries of "No."]
The people of this country never wanted a
chance to vote so badly in their lives as now.
[Applause.] And under our form of govern
ment it will only be about six weeks from to-day
until from one ena of the country to the other
we will have that chance— and how will you
improve it, my fellow-citizens? [Cries of
"Elect McKinley."] I say that it is not very
much to ask that we restore the American sys
tem to this country— it is nobody else's but
ours— and if we do not make it what we want
it, it is not our fault, and I think the true
policy of the people of this country is to pro
tect the men who owe allegiance to that flag
first, the stars and stripes, and who will fight,
aye die for it, if need be, to preserve it. [Great
cheering.] And so 1 think the protective prin
ciple is nettled in the way I have pointed out;
and in the way of putting it into public law
you will have a chance to settle that next No
vember. [A voice— "We will give you a chance
to settle It," and laughter and applause.]
LIKE THE MILK SICK NESS.
Senator 2 hurt ton Unable to Find Any
Silver Intent Among Farmer*. 
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 22. — Senator
Thurston spent part of to-day at Republi
can National headquarters, leaving in the
evening for Grand Rapids to continue his
stumping tour. In regard to the talk of
silver sentiment among the farmers, the
Senator said that wherever he went it was
like the milk sickness— in the next coun
ty—and he had not been able to find it.
Senator Shoup returned to Idaho to-night
to continue his work for the Republican
National ticket, and incidentally to be on
hand when the second State convention
of the silver Republicans is held next Sat
urday. The Senator said :
"I learned by a leer am from Idaho
that a new convention has been called by
Dubois. I think the bolters will substi
tute the fusion nominees for' their' own
on the State ticket, and if they do that I
claim the supporters of McKinley and the
St. Louis platform have tne better right
to call themselves Republicans."
W. S. Haggard of Lafayette, lnd., the
Republican nominee for Lieu tenant-Gov
ernor of Indiana, dropped in from a slump
ing tour. In the ninety-two counties of
Indiana, Mr. Haggard said, there were
only twenty-five "which would give a
Democratic plurality, and in each of them
there would be Republican gains.
Colonel Harrison G. Otis, editor of the
Los Angeles Times, reports an improve
ment in the California situation, and adds:
"The political outlook is propitious, and
there are unmistakable auguries of victory
in California, notwithstanding the fact
that the silver merit was very strong
a few. weeks ago." :.- .- '.->-- • ■ ftws*-.- ■
\ After speaking in Burlington, lowa, Oc
tober 5, Senator Foraker * will go to the
Pacific Coast, where' be will deliver nu
merous addresses, and en * route he may
stop in Nebraska, Wyoming and Idaho to
speak.
Diamond Match Stork Sold.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 22.— The post
poned auction sale of 700 shares of Dia
mond Match stock held by Henry Clews
& Co. of New York took place at the Real
Estate Board here to-day. There were
two bidders for the stock, it being finally
knocked down to Frank N. Gage at $130 a
share. The board of directors of the Dia
mond Match Company held a meeting
this morning and the resignations of the
Moore brothers were offered and accepted.
Officer Killed by a Tramp.
OMAHA, Nebb. Sept. 22.— N. A. Craig,
City Marshal oi Table Rock, Nebr., was
killed this morning by one ot two tramps
whom be soncht to arrest as suspected
postoffice burglars.
HON. THOMAS D. RIORDAN Opening the Regular Republican Municipal Convention at the Auditorium.
AWED BY
THE GUNS
Strikers Restrained From
Further Violence at
Leadville.
GREAT CAUTION OP THE
MILITIA.
No Chances Taken During the
Approach to the Scene oi
Trouble.
LAWLESSNESS TO BE PROMPTLY
bTJ I PRESSED.
Citizens Sworn In to Assist the Troops
in Driving Out All Tough
Characters.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Bept, 22.— 1n spite
of the continued manufacture of rumors,
the camp remains remarkably quiet. The
militia are here and in camp in the base
ball park near the Denver and Rio Grande
depot, while details continue to guard the
threatened points of attack.
No disturbances occurred during the
day. Tbe absence of the president and
secretary of the miners' union is still
noted and commented on, and the former
boastings of the strikers as to what they
would do when tbe militia should come to
Leadville are no longer heard. The senti
ment of tbe camp has found voice in favor
of law and order, and the reputable
citizens are now no longer afraid to express
their opinions. There is consequently a
feeling of safety in tbe city.
The delay of the special train bearing
the First Regiment from Denver, with
guns, cavalry horses and supplies, last
night, was due to extreme caution exer
cised by the officers and the railway com
pany. It appears that at every station
wnere the train stopp d wild rumors were
repeated, and the approach to Leadville
was made with the greatest precaution.
A flat car in front of the forward eneine
contained a detail of artillerymen and
three gatling guns, wHobwere trained
aheaa and on each suv following the
engine was a caboose loaded with sharp
shooters.
Between Malta and Leadville, a distance
of six miles, occurs a hilly country covered
with spruce trees, offering excellent refuge
tor riflemen, who could pick with com
parative safety the heads in the moving
train below. General Brooks had received
word that trouble was to be looked for at
this point. Tbe train was brought to a
standstill and three companies of infan
try under command of Major Verdeckberg
marched through the cut deploying skirm
ishers across the horseshoe and approach
ing rapidly the city.
At 3 o'clock the three companies, In lines
of four, marched through the streets to the
RiD Grande depot, where they wailed until
the appearance of specials. The men to
the total number of 650 slept in the cars all
night. A detail of guards was thrown out
and a picket line encircled the track for
several hundred yards.
The presence of 900 well-drilled militia
men with gatling guns and a troop of
cavalry has had a most salutory effect both
upon the miners and the timid citizens.
An incident occurred this morning
which quickly indicated the character of
the State militia. As Colonel Ho^le, who
was attacked with pleurisy last night on
the train, was being escorted to the
Vendome Hotel early this mornine by
Trumpeter Charles Lendhon of the First
Regiment a striker insolently sougnt to
pick a fight, calling Lendhon a name and
sneering at him. The trumpeter waited
until the colonel was in the hotel and
then chased the striker with his musket
down the street.
The City Council held a special session
this afternoon and, inspired by the ,
changed situation, took a decisive stand
to suppress lawlessness hereafter. A
large number of nrominent citizens will
be sworn in and they will be officially in
structed to hunt out all tramps and idle
men of no value to the community and
drive them from town. In this course
the militia will be asked to assist.
The City Council has located several
saloons and boarding-houses where arms
and ammunition have been cached, and it
has been decided to make a clean sweep
of both the lawless element and their
arsenals.
The Emmett mine will be immediately
started up, and the Bison and Little
Johnny will soon follow. This will test
the situation and fully settle whether the
union will continue to destroy property
and endanger lives with dynamite.
MARTIAL LAW DEMANDED.
Citizens of Lendrille Hire Ko Fuith in
th« Civil Officer*.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Sept 22.— At a
meeting of the Citizens' Committee to
night it was decided to make a request
through the militia here to Governor Mc-
Intyre to declare martial law. Adjutant-
General Moses conversed with the Gov
ernor over the telephone relative to this
demand. The citizens of Leadville have
lost confidence in the Sheriff and his
dei uties, in tne Mayor and the Board of
Aldermen, and even in the civil courts.
They declare that no punishment is deal^
out to offenders, as numerous recent
events show, and they believe the only
way to suppress the desperate characters
oi the Miners' Union is through martial
law and military courts.
CRAZED BY LONG WATCHING.
John Daniels, a Wealthy Oklahoma/!, Kills
Himself in the Presence of His
Afflicted Wife.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Sept. 22,— John
Daniels, the richest man in Guthrie, O. T.,
committed suicide to-night by shooting
himself in the presence of his wife. Dan
iels went to Guthrie from Lincoln, Nebr.,
four years ago. He was worth several
hundred thousand dollars. His affairs
were in excellent condition and his do
mestic life was happy. During the past
summer his wife has been very ill with
typhoid fever. Two weeks ago his son
was stricken with the same disease and
for several days Mr. Daniels has been
threatened with the fever, it is supposed
that mental derangement from long
watching and approaching illness is re
sponsible for the suicide. Both Mrs. Dan
iels and the son are now very low.
FROST NIFN THE CORM.
Considerable - Injury to Crops in Middle
and Western State*
CHICAGO. 111., Sept. 22.— Govern
ment crop report to-day says:
As many crops have been secured the
heavy frosts over the Northern States
during the latter part of the week caused
little damage. In lowa, however, the
effects of the heavy frost, following pro
tracted rain and moist weather, proved
unfavorable to the late corn, which sus
tained some injury in Ohio, Kentucky
and Michigan, wnile ripened corn in lowa
has Deen unfavoraoly affected. Except
in the Southern States, where drought
continues, the general condition of the
soil for plowing and seeding of winter
grain is excellent, and this work, which
in some States has been delayed, has been
pushed rapidly and is now well advanced.
In Michigan, Indiana and Illinois early
sown grain is coming up and is looking
welL
LOYALTY THEIR BATTLE-CRY
Opening of the Regular
Republican Convention
Yesterday.
THOMAS D. RIORDAN ELECTED
CHAIRMAN.
AH Delegates Present and a Tempo
rary Organization Effected Amid
Much Enthusiasm.
CROWDS OF PEOPLE UNABLE TO GET
INTO THE HALL.
Harmony and a Willingness to Work for the
Best Interests of the Party Char
acterize the Session.
The regular County Republican Conven
tion took the preliminary steps yesterday
toward regular organization, and ad
journed, afier appointing temporary offi
cers and standing committees, until 8
o'clock this evening.
AH the delegates were present in the
Auditorium when the meeting was opened.
There were no proxies or stuffers allowed,
thus taking it out of the power of one
man or any set of men to control votes of
absentees.
The galleries were filled with stalwart
Republicans, and about 200 were obliged
to stand out of doors, there being no room
for them even in the aisles.
Chairman Man waring called the meet
ing to order, and after announcing that
he would entertain nominations for tem
porary chairman - recognized John li.
Chretien.
Mr. Chretien said :
Gentlemen of the convention: I propose to
place in nomination a gentleman who has
lived not only in tnis City lor the entire time
of his life but was reared in the district which
he represents in this City. He is a Native Son,
a lawyer who stands high in the legal nroies
sion, a gentleman of acknowledged executive
ability, who has the good will of the commu
nity, and who will honor us if we will put nim
in the <hair to preside over this convention.
I the-efore beg leave to name the Hon. Thomas
D. Riordan.
A delecate, whose name was not given
by the chairman, said that Mr. Riordan
was that brilliant combination of political
truth known as a good Republican.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
On motion of Maurice L. Asher the nom
inations were declared closed.
J. A. Stephens moved that tbe nomina
tion be made unanimous, and it was so
ordered.
Mr. Riordan was greeted with a round
of applause as he took his position on the
platform. He said:
Gentlemen und members of the convention:
It is wholly unnecessary for me to state how
sincerely I thank you for the honor which you
have conferred upon me to-day. I desire to
say that those who nave known me intimately
have known me during ray entire life as a boy
and i s a man and they know how deeply and
sincerely I appreciate this honor and the
courtesy you have extended tom e.
I do not consider the time appropriate for
any discussion of the many issues which con
front us during this campaign, both National
and local. We have met here on important
business, not only of the convention, but of
tbe Republican party, which we represent.
But I desire simply to say of my efforts to the
> members of ihis convention that bo p*«*i<iißg
orlic-r can successfully control the artions of
a body like this or can carry out the dictate*
of parliamentary rales and procedure and
preserve harmony in its ranks unless the
members of the convention work, in sympathy
and harmoniously with him and extend to
him tr.eir cordial support.
I beg of you, members of tnis Republican
convention, the Rt-publican Convention of the
City and County of San Francisco-
Here the speaker was interrupted by an
outburst of cheering which lasted for
several minutes. When it had subsided
Mr. Riordan proceeded:
I beg of you to extend to me during the
deliberations of this convention your cordial
»up)ort, and in return I shall consider every
member of this convention, do matter what
■his political, social of business standing my
be, as a Republican, and all entitled to equal
rights and equal privileges on the floor of this
convention.
I shall, as long as I am able to preside here,
extend alike to every member of the conven
tion an equal degree of courtesy. I trust that
that spirit of harmony will prevail and that
we may extend to each other the bond of
political good fellowship, that we may present
to our constituents a ticket which will be not
only a credit to us but an honor to tbe City.
Sergeants-at-arms were appointed in the
persons of Mat Smith and Thomas Kelly,
with the following assistants: James Ri
ley, Sol Berliner, Louis Kirscbbaum, AU
fred Bourquin, Charles Hippler, P. Cahifl,
Joe Tuites, Louis Schloss, J. C. Williams
and P. Hoin.
Fred A. Elliott in a neat and appropri
ate speech placed in nomination for the
office of temporary secretary W. H. Rick
ard.
General Salomon followed with a nomi
nation of Andrew Branch. It was here
moved that both men be appointed secre
retaries. Amid the applause of the as
semb'age they were called to the platform.
John H. Harney and Benjamin Josephs
were then appointed assistant secretaries.
The chair was authorized to appoint a
committee on credentials to consist of one
man from each of the Assembly districts.
They were appointed as follows:
Frank Powers (chairman). E. P. Peter
son, W. E. May he*-, H. Benjamin, J.
Hines, M. Hynes. R. Rasmussen, John H.
Harney, T. J. Neukirk, F. A. Elliott, P.
E. McCarthy, H. Jacobs, Louis Pockwith,
Emil Bauer, Or. Luttig, John Hoesch.
Frank ri. Powers, chairman of the com
mittee on credential*, reported that the
credentials of tbe delegates had been ex
amined and he begged to report favorably
on the list as presented.
Committees were appointed as follows:
Order of business and permanent or
ganization—J. E. O'Brien, M. Shaugh
nessy, J. S. Cohen, George Buzzini, Rich
ard Snreckels, Samuel H. Brown, C. H.
Mayers, E. N. Torrello, C. A. Noyes, A. J.
Raisch, J. C. Bourlin, George J. Covey, A.
O. Cotton, Howard Vernon, M. J. Flynn,
G. Hansen, H. W. Lewis.
Platform and resolutions — T. F. Bryant,
D. J. Crowlpy, U, Metzer, John F. Mc-
Glynn, Al H. Cooke, Frank A. Mitchell,
George Dietterie, E. H. HerricU, Robert
Ash, J. A. Watt, P. A. Bergerot, Martin
Stevens. Henry Vorrath, 8. C. Denson,
John Durst, E. C. Palmieri, R. H.
Graham.
Tne convention then adjourned until 8
o'clock this evening.
After t c adjournment the Forty-first
Assembly District Convention held a
meeting and nominated Judge Henry v.
Dibble as its candidate for that district.
The committee on permanent ornaniza
tion an') order of business also met after
Take
Care of your physical health. , Build up
your system, tone your stomach, enrich
your blood, prevent colds, pneumonia and
fevers taking
U V^^^lS JUm
Sarsaparilla
The Best— ln fact The One True Blood Purifier.
Hood's Pills * ? the only pills to *»*•
11UUU £» fills W i til Hood's Sarsaparilla.2
adjournment and adopted the following
re port, which will bo submitted to the
convention this evening: * ' ■ * v.% vj
Your committee on permanent organisation
»nd order or busineu hereby < report as fol
lovrst m
We recommend that tho permanent officers
ft the convention be us follows: Permanent
ffc»iirm&rh Trtomns D. Rlordan; vic-chair
to\«»n, Robert Ash, Martin Stevens; Becretnry,
W. H. Rickard; assistant secretary, Andrew
JifHhc'nj eergeant»at«armß. Matthew Smith;
Mslstanl *ergeftntF»at>arms — Sol Berliner,
Lou if KirschbauHi, Alfred Bourquin, Charles
(tippler, P. Cchill, Joe Tuite% Louis Schloss, J.
S. WilliVwß, Thoraa* Kelly, J. Rll«y, P. P.
oln.
Order «r business— First, report of com-
TOttteQ on platform nn<s rcro'utionsj second,
domination for Mayor; third, nomination of
Auditor; fourth, nomination of Treasurer;
fifth, nomination of Superintendent of Public
Streets and High way* ( sixth, nomination for
•fnx Collector; seventh, nomination ol an At
torney and Counselor for the City and County
<ol Snn Francisco; eighth, nomination of a Sur
veyor for the City and County of San Francisco;
ninth, nomination of Superintendent of Pub
lic Schools for unexpired term ; tenth, nomin
ation of four Judges of the Superior Court of
Uk City and County of Ban Francisco; elev
enth, nomination of four Police Judges;
twelfth, nomination of live Justices of the
Teacct thirteenth, nomination of a Board of
Supervisors, consisting of twelve members,
tine from each ward in the City and Couutv of
San Francisco; fourteenth, nomination of a
JJonrcl of Education, consisting of twelve mem
bers; fifteenth, nomination of two School Di
rectors for uncxplrcd term; sixteenth, nomin
ation of Treasurer for unoxpired terra; seven
teenth, reports from Senatorial districts as to
{torn i nations of Senators; eighteenth, reports
from Ass3mbly districts as to nominations of
Assemblymen; nineteenth, nomination of two
<>ounty Committeeiasa from each Assembly
District
We recommend the adoption of Roberts'
rules of order «c the rules of order of this con
vention. .
We recommend that every nominee of this
convention, except the nominees for judicial
jwfiitionsv appear before this convention and \
indorse the platform, and pledge themselves
to support the nominees of this convention.
We recommend that all resolutions shall be
referred to this committee without debate.
We recommend that each delegate to the
convention shall donate to the convention at
the time of nominating a candidate the sum <
of $10. This shall apply to the nomination of
Senators and Assemblymen. I Respcctluliy sub
mitred, . Hakkv N. Gray,
Chairman of Committee on Permanent Or
tran&aUon and Order of Business.
Thirty- Seventh Assembly Dldtrlct.
Tho delegates comprising the Thirty-sev
•nth Assembly Republican Convention met
jresterdny afternoon at the close of the Repub
lican County Convention, and selected Gen
eral E. S. Salomon as their chuirmr.n and M.
J. Snrilein a* secretary. They then adjourned,
cuhjert to the call of the chair.
FROM THE SAN JOAQUIN.
Good News of the Change of Senti-
ment In the Valley.
Georpw Crafts of Bakerstield was in the
City yesterday and makes a cood report of
the political feeling in the lower end of the
great San Joaquin Valley.
The Populists, who seem to be as hun
gry for otfices, irrespective of principle, as
are the Democrats, had fused on every
thing in sight, but they were making such
a pell-mell rush for the spoils tbat there
was no organization at all among them,
and that they were more like a disorgan
ized mob than any thin..- else.
Boss Cator of the Populists lias been
down in that vicinity fusing, so that be
and Stephen M. White oug.'t to get con
trol of the Legislature, lv Kern County
Cator has Riven the Democrats the Supe
rior Judge in return for the members of
the Assembly.
Mr. Crafts* has failed to find any Re
publicans in Kern County who are going
to vote for Bryan, while, on the other
hand, there are many Democrats who
have come out into the open and declared
tneir intention to support McKinley and
Hobart.
Kern County used to be a great wool
raising county, there being a Targe num
l*»r of Mexican*. Basques, Italians and
Portuguese engaged iv that industry.
They were all Democrats until the Wilson
act ruined their business and converted
them from wool-sellers to mutton-sellers.
They are working earnestly for McKinley
ana protection. A large number of alfalta
farmers, who had made the greater part of
iheir income -by renting abaifa pasture to
the sheep men, have been injured by the
ruin of their patrons, and they are sharp
ening their sheep^hears and mowers for
the scalp of William Bryan and free trade.
LONG ON LOYALTY.
Judpe Short of Fresno Reviews
the Political Situation.
Judpe Frank H. Short of Fresno was in
this City yesterday, and had a good re
port to make concerning tne steady
growth of Republican principles in the
raisin and wool center of the State. When
Judge 6hort settled in tbat country there
was nobody living there but Missouri
Democrats. The Judge is from Missouri
himself, but he was one of tbe few Repub
licans who were allowed to live in that
State at the time be left It. Fresno County
in those days was hot politically, as well
as it is, and always has been, climatically,
and the few Republicans who existed
there were on the same social and politi
cal scale as the horned toad of commerce —
tolerated ant often trodden upon.
But the Republicans steadily grew in
numbers. A whole lot of them came from
the East, and despite the blight of Democ
racy saw that Fresno was a lairland when
irripat on water supplanted .th 6 light
niug-bui: sheep-dip sold in that city under
the name of whisky.
Judge Short, Dr. C ester A. Rowell and
a few other stalwarts kept the lamp burn
lug at the shrine of Republicanism, so
that to-dny all tbe important city and
county offices are filled with Republicans.
Toe dried fruit and raisin and wool
prowers, whose business was well nigh
ruined by the Wilson bill, ure enlisting
every day under the banner of McKinley
and protection and forsaking the Democ
racy, which has taken tue roof from over
their heads.
"You may safely put down Fresno as
solid for McKinley anl protection," said
Judge Short
FOR UNION.
The Continental Club Makes 1 an
Appeal for Harmony. ,; ;:* "-, 4
At a meeting of the Continental Club
last evening the following resolutions
were adopted:
Whereas, To elect William McKinley and
Garret A. Hobart, Republican nominees for
President and Vice-president, requires the
nulled and individual effort of every Repub
lican voter, and the 'united support of all
Republican conventions; and whereas, • there
are now in session in this City two Republican
municipal conventions, which divided, cannot
expect to elect a single nominee of either con
vention ; therefore be it .
Hesolved, That we, the executive committee
of the Continental League, hereby request the
two conventions to immediately cease their
contentions, unite their lorces and nominate
6uch a municipal ticket as the rank and file of
the JLepublicau party and all good citizens can
support and triumphantly elect on the third
day of November next, with William McKinley
»nd Garret A- Hobart at the head.
f-l&wjffAwos Currier, Chairman.
Kiukk D. Worth.
NIFXS Jesses. ; .
U. W. MATIiIIiVVX '
STOCKTON IS SOLID.
The City and the County Will Give
T McKinley a Majority,
A. W. Simpson, a pioneer of San Joaquin
County and leading. member :of tbe lum
ber firm of Simpson & Gray in Stockton,
visited the Republican State Central Com
jiiittee rooms yesterday and reported that
Ban Joaquin County is being well can
vassed by the Republicans and that the
M-niimepi for Bryan and free coinage
which prevailed to some- extent among
the working people of tti« county is giving
way. after tuey have had the sober second'
thought, io ihe indorsement of the more
important issue of protection. ._,.::
'1 he number of McKinley adhtuenu. he
Jay*, is training every day. -.?. r •
The Bear Club
-t*KbH't*t UMkltE 9i tin? tit** Mull *»»
held Monday, night at 121 Eddy street.
Tbe following preamble and resolutions
were unanimously adopted:
Whereas. The issues before us are so stu
pendous and far reaching and may affect the
tnturc of this country | for years to come; and
whereas, the factions and contentions existing
among Republicans in this City tend to im
pair our work for the Republicau ticket be It
therefore . .
JRftolvrd, That we call upon the Republican
State Central Committee to use all efforts It
consistently can for adjusting tho existing
difficulties. >-«.--..— — . . . .
Franklin P. Bull, former president of
the Bear Club, was indorsed as a candidate
for Superior Judge.
• I. P. Kincaid, vice-president and an act
ive worker in the club, was also indorsed
by the club for the position of Superin
tendent of Streets.
The club then adjourned to meet next
Monday night.
Irish-American Republican Club.
The Irish-Americans held an executive
meeting at their headquarters last even
ing, J. J. Coffey presiding. Martin Murray
acted as secretary. The president stated
the purpose of the meeting was to make
arrangements for a mass-meeting to afford
Irish-American citizens an opportunity of
ezpreesing their sentiments for protec
tion to American labor and restriction of
foreign immigration in preference to the
false doctrine of free silver resorted to by
the Democratic party in order to delude
the American people. The club passed
strong resolutions indorsing Horace Davis
for Mayor, T. B. O'Brien for Congress in
the Fourth District and Artnur McGurren
for the Assembly in tbe Thirty-ninth Dis
trict. Chairman J. J. Coffey appointed the
following as a campaign committee: D.
M. Cashin, Thomas Desmond, Arthur
McGurren, Jerome Deasy and Joseph
King. President J. J. Coffey and Secre
tary Mirtin Murray were added to the
committee.
Republicans at Ocean View.
A largely attended meeting was held at
Ocean View last evening, the occasion be
ing the organization of ttie Ocean View
McKinley and Hobart Republican Club.
This was effected by the election of offi
cers, as follows: Charles Maisel presi
dent, G. A. Guibbily vice-presicient. B.
Bolesworth treasurer, Louis Rosenthal
secretary. Resolutions were adopted and
John D. Spreckels was declared to be
the local Republican leader. Addresses
were made by Messrs. 801-sworth, Maisel
and Rosenthal. A meeting will soon be
held to prepare for a ratification. Tne
meeting last evening was very enthusi
astic.
Swedish Republicans.
The Swedish-American Political Club
has arranged for a b^g mass-iueetine to be
held this evening At 909 Market street,
Pythian Castle, to wh:cli Swedish resi
dents, ladies and gentlemen, are invited.
Able speakers will address tiie meeting on
the money and tariff questions, and mem
bers of tne Mercbunii)' Association will
explain the new charter. Music and sing
ing will be rendered by Swedish taient.
Thirty-Sixth District.
At a meeting of tbe Republican Club of
the Thirty-sixth District, held at Twin
Peaks Hal! Uwi evening, resolutions in
dorsing I. P. Kincaid for the nomination
of Superintendent of Streets were passed.
Delegates oi the district were instructed
to use all honorable means to further his
nomination.
Siskiyou Is Safe.
Colonel J. K. Roberts says that the Pop
ulists and tbe Democrats of tiiskiyou
County have failed to fuse and that he has
met many members of both parties who
are going to vote for McKiniev.
MAHONEY SAID "NAW!"
No Nominations Made at Martin
Kelly's Convention Last
Night.
Chairman Sonntag Lost His Cue and
Caused Consternation for a
Few Minutes.
Charles Sonntng presided over the meet
ing of delegates of the Kelly-Mahoney
faction last evening at B'nai B'rith Hall.
Previous to assembling one of tbe lieu
tenants announced that the "boss" had
decided simply to have the meeting called
to order and then adjourn and go to the
Auditorium in a bouy. The first part was
carried out ail right, as the rolJcall of
delegates and reading of the minutes of
the previous meeting were dispensed with.
Chairman Sonntag declined to recornize
the Brat to move an adjournment, caving
tnat he wanted to present Henry 8. Martin,
who had beeu nominated at the previous
meeting for the position of Treasurer of
the City and County of San Francises.
Mr. Martin responded, thanked the con
vention for the nomination, and prom
ised, if elected, to discharge nis duties
with ciedit to himself and the Republican
party.
A second motion to adjourn was cut
short by A. Ruef r porting that the com
mittee on rules and regulations was not
ready to present a report.
The third motion *'o adjourn was not
beard by the presiding officer. Chairman
Sonntag was leaning forward trying to at
tract the attention of ex-Senator Ma
honey, who occupied a front seat. When
he succeeded in so doing, he said, sotto
voce: "Mr. Mahoney, are you ready ior
nominations?"
"Naw," answered tbe ex-Senator as he
kicked the sawdust on the floor impa
tiently. Those who heard the question
ana answer snickered. Chairman Sonntag
looked contused, but straightened out by
calling for an address from ex-Judge E. B.
Sawyer, who was nominated at the last
meeting for Superior Judge. The latter
expressed his thanks for tbe honors con
ferred and promised if elected to deal justly
with all without fear or favoritism.
Chairman Sonntag caused a little con
fusion after the Judge had finished speak
ing by stating tbat those who had any
friends to put in nomination could do so,
bin that the nominations must De accoiu
nied by $10 for eacb nomination.
The delegates looked tbe astonishment
they evidently, all felt, wiiile the ex-Sen
ator kicked tbe sawdust lavagely and
turned red in the face.
"I will read the list of places to be
filled," resumed the chairman appur«ntly
unconscious of the surprise of the conven
tion.
"The first nomination will be ior the
position of Tax Collector, the"—
"Move we adjourn," shouted the first
delegate to recover his breath. The chair
man stopped aud listened to a friend who
whispered in bis ear. The motion to ad
journ was put aud carried without further
ado, and tiie delegates went immediately
to the Auditorium.
More Charter Delegate*
.Every day the Charter Association is in.
j formed of the appointment of new delegates
I by various organizations.. Yesterday among
those received were from - Court Apollo No.
7802, A. O. F.. appointing at the delegates
Frank .M. Bui ware and Adam Roberts; from
the Caledonian Club, appointing John Reid
i and James H. Duncan, and from the San Fran-
I Cisco Settlement Association, appointing Pro
j fessor Bernard Moses of the University of Call
fornla and Professor Frank Anrell of Stanford
University. .-There are now over 300 delegates
in the Charter Association. Tbe next regular
meeting will be held to-morrow evening at
the Academy of Sciences Hall, and addresses
will be delivered by A. 8. Haliidie, Colonel E.
A. Denicke, F. W. Dohrinann, James D. Phelan
and Charles; Wesley Heed. A cordial Invita
tion is extended ,to th# public to te present
and judie* me e»ptcj*U/ JjiYJleJ. : i. ■ . " , .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1896.
DEMOCRATS AND
NOT POPULISTS
Bourbons of the Sound-
Money Faith Ratify at
New York.
FLOWER FIRST TO TALK
Palmer and Bucknsr Represent
the Men Who Are Not
Revolutionists.
BYNTJM SCORES BRYANITES.
Declares the Statement That Free
Coinage Will Advance Silver
a Faliacy.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 22.—Madison
square Garden was crowded to overflowing
to-night when the candidates of the Na
tional' Democracy faced a metropolitan
audience and opened the campaign for the
Bound-money Democracy in the Empire
State. An hour before the meeting opened
the best seats were taken, and at 7 o'clock
1000 were standing in the hall. The au
dience was one o the best appearing that
has been drawn together by political
meetings in this city. A large number of
ladies were present. The audience recog
nized Rosweil P. Flower, William D. By
num, Colonel Fellows and others, and
cheered them as they male their way to
tneir seats. Among those on the plat- :
form were: Rev. Theodore Cuyler, Wil- \
liam B. Horn blower of New Jersey, C. A.
Henriques, Captain Hugh Gordon, Peter
B. Olney, Theodore Sutro, Colonel Thomas
Hurley of Texa<, Colonel J. M. Faulkner
of Florida; Charles C. Canda. Everett
P. Whetter and Dr. William Everett of
Massachusetts.
Promptly at 8 o'clock Robert A. Wynd
mann, chairman of the National Demo
cratic Committee of New York, stepped
to the front of the platform and opened
the proceedings. He said that the good
old ship Democracy was going on the
rocks when the Indianapolis convention
took her in charge and placed able men at
her helm who were now manning her for
the fight which would bury Bryanism,
"Wntsoniam and Sewallism so deep that
Gabriel's trumpet would have difficulty in
resurrecting them. He then introduced
ex-Governor Flower, the chairman of the
evening, who said : . > hY t t
. Fellow Democrats, we are met to ratify tbe
nomination and platform of the National
Democratic Convention held at Indianapolis.
We are Democrats and not Populists. We are
In favor oi liberty, retaliated by law. We are
not revolutionists. We believe in maintain
ing our form of government m its full vigor;
the legislative department to make the laws,
the judicial. to expound them and the execu
tive to eulorce them. We believe in law and
order, not in riot and disorder. We believe fn
dollars of full international value, measured
by the markets of tne world. We are not 50-cent
Democrats. We favor a tariff for revenue only.
We declare that the Government should not
engage in the banking business. : We are op
posed to flat money. We favor the merit *y$- j
tern— fewer spoils the less corruption in I
public affairs. We believe in economy in every
department of the Government. We Indorse
the administration of President Cleveland.
Our principles point the way to stability in
government, not to doubtful experiments; to
confidence In business, not to uncertainty; to
prosperity, not panics.
Fellow Democrats, let us take no step back
ward, but march in solid phalanx for the pres
ervation of our glorious republic and with it
the grand old Democratic party, Its ark of the
covenant for 1896 is safe In the hands of our
standard-bearers, nominated by the Indianap
olis convention. Palmer and Bnckner. And I
now take pleasure in introducing the tall
hickory of the \V abash, my old colleague in
Congress, William D. By num.
•' Mr. Bynum was received with cheers.
He started in by saying that after thirty
years 'in political life as a Democrat he
found himself unable to support the ticket
nominated at Chicago, for he did not be
lieve tbe candidates to be Democrats. Con
gressman Bynum vent on as follows:
If there is any principle that v cardinal with
the Democratic party it is the belief of that
party, from the very foundation of its organi
zation down to tbe present time, in the main
tenance of sound money. The question is the
all-absorbing question in this campaign. Our
volume of money consists to-day of »600,000,
-000 sola coin, of more than $500,000,000 of
silver coin, of f 346,000,000 of greenbacks and
about $210,000,000 or more of national bank
currency, of $120,000,000 treasury, notes
issued under tne Sherman Hot,- and about
$31,000,000 of currency- certificates Issued
under the act of 1572. All this money circu
late* not only throughout the United States,
but all over the world on a parity with gold,
and what the national Democratic parly which
assembled at Indianapolis and promulated a
platform and nominated a ticket insists that
all this money shall be maintained at a parity
withhold.
Our silver dollar to-day is worth not only
100 cents in tbe United States, but worth 100
cents ail over the world, and what we Demo
crats that oppose the free and unlimited coin
age of silver intend is that it shall be main
tained at a parity with gold all over the world.
While the monetary value. of our silver dollar
is 100 cents, the bullion value or the value of
the silver contained In that dollar, not only in
the United Slate?., but everywhere, is only 53
cents. If the policy of the platform at Chicago
is carried ont and our mints should be opened
to the free and unlimited coinage of silver the
effect would be to bring the monetary value
and bullion value of the silver dollar together.
Either the monetary value of that dollar would
change from 100 cents to 50 cents, or the bul
lion value of silver in that dollar would rise i
from 50 cents to 100 cents, or one would come
down aud the other would go up until the two j
meet at some point between the bullion and
the monetary value.
Mr. Bynum went on in an exhaustive
argument of the question. He aid that
since the Chicago convention the silver
craze had abated. He declared that the
statement of the Bryan supporters that
free coinage would advance silver is a
fallacy .V..- v * v
As Mr. Bynum was closing his remarks
the two candidates appeared on the plat
form. General Palmer was escorted by
Charles 8. FairchilU. who was Secretary of
the Treasury during President Cleveland's
first term. General Backner was escorted
by State CommUreeman John De Witt
Warner. The candidates were 'greeted
with hearty applause and cheers. Three
.cheers for General Palmer were given with
a will, and the band played "Hail to tbe
Chief. 111 1 General ; Palmer, placed himself
on a good footing with his audience -by a
few happy, off-band remarks. : These were
vigorously applauded. Then he took his
manuscript and read the speech. General
Palmer Bald : '.•■-.,- . ■ .
;. lam here this = evening in the attitude of a
candidate for the . Presidency iof the United
States. Less • than a month ago I expected
this appearance as little as any one of my au
dience. On- the 3d of December the conven
tion of National Democrats, representing
forty-one States, assembled in Indianapolis
and , honored .me by presenting my name for
the consideration of the people of the United
States as a candidate for the . chief ma giuracy
of the Republic. Ido not know, nor do I be
lieve, that a single delegate to that conven
tion expected tl>at I could bo or would bo
elected to the Presidency. « ln ■ fact, in * the 1
preface to the declaration of principles made
by t lie convention It did not assert such an
expectation. .The convention was composed
of stern, resolute men. They were the Demo
crats of 1892, who contributed their efforts to
the election of that honest, manly Democrat
of whom the convention said:
"The fidelity, patriotism and courage with
, which President Cleveland has fulfilled bU
I g»at j-uyUc wuiv; the Mgu -cUarautw vi bit ,
ministration; its wifcdom and' energy in the
maintenance oi : civil order and theenlor.ee
meot of law; its equal regard for the rights of
every class and every section; its firm and dig
nified conduct of ioreign affairs and its sturdy
persistence in upholding the credit aud honor
ot too .Nation are fully recognized by '. the
Democratic ■ party " and will secure to him * a
place in history beside the fathers of the Re
public. :We also commend the administration
lor the great progress made ;in the reform of
the public service, and we demand that no
backward step be taken, but turn the reform
be supported and advanced until the un-Demo
cratic system of appointments shall be eradi
cated." . : : . '*:*-"
Alter paying this just and well-deserved
tribute to Air. Cleveland the convention lur
ther said in its assertion of party principles:
The Democratic party is 'pledged to; equal
and exact justice to all nreu of every creed and
condition ; to the largest freedom of the indi
vidual consistent with good government ; to
the preservation of the Federal Government
in 111 constitutional vigor, aud to the support
of the States in all their ju»t rights; to econo
mic ; public expenditures; to the mainten
ance of the public credit and sound money
and ii is opposed to paternalism ami all class
legislation." This declaration embodies the
Democracy of Jefferson and Jacksou and
Cleveland.
The delegates to the Indianapolis conven
tion, as 1 have said, were Democrats, ..not Re
publicans or Populists. lieiore the assemblage
of the Chicago convention they de.ired and
hoped for the unity of this great aud historic
party, aud they .would | have made any ordi
nary sacrifice to maintain that unity. But
when they saw the work of that convention
they had no iurther hope and felt constrained
to announce to the country that tne declara
tions of the Chicago convention attacked in
dividual freedom, the right of private con
tract, the independence of the judiciary and
the authority 01 the President to en lore© the
Federal laws. They advocated a reckless I at
tempt to increase w,e price, of silver by legis
lation to tbe debasement of our monetary
standard and threatened unlimited issues of
paper money by me Government. They aban
doned for Republican allies the Democratic
came of tariff reform to court the lavor of
protectionists. '
In view of their fiscal heresy and other grave
departures from Democratic principle* we can
not support the candidates 01 that convention
nor be bound by iv acts. The Democratic
party has .survived many defeats, but it could
not survive a victory won in behalf of the doc
trine and policy proclaimed in its name at
Chicago.
It will be seen that the convention was not
composed of Democrats who would first vote
the ticket and the i read the platform, nor
was it composed of that particular type of
Democrat, who seemed to nourish with so
much vigor in the noble Stale of New York.
It would not be possible lor any delegate to
that convention to vote ior the candidates
nominated iv Chicago and reject the piatiorm
as unsound and dangerous, it therefore spoke
[ in no uncertain term-, iv condemnation ot the
platform adopted by the cosvea lions in Chi
| cago and St. Louis. • -
The Chicago convention was regularly called,
and if it haa udhered to the faith the organiza
tion which 1 represent would nave been en
tirely unnecessary. Indeed, thousands of
Democrats to-duy have such respect for orderly
and regular organization that they feel almost
constrained to submit to authority. That
some Democrats should doubt the policy of
resistance to the action of the Chicago conven
tion is but natural. Taut convention as
sembled claiming to be a regular Democratic
convention, and thousands 01 us who resist its
action do so only because it was perfectly false
to Democratic principles. No Democrat can
object to the condemnation or the Chicago
platform of arbitrary interference by Federal
authorities in local affairs, so much is the well
understood Democratic theory of the proper
relations existing between the btates and the
General Government. '
Hut thereat meauing is well understood to
have been Intended as an indorsement of the
Governor of Illinois [hisses] and a condemna
tion, of the President for acts which were
unanimously approved by the Senate of the
United States and were strictly in conformity
with his duty as the chief magistrate of the
Republic " ,
That part of the platform which refers to tbe
money question attracts the largest measure
01 popuiar attention, «nd it is to that clause of
theCnicano plattorm and the corresponding
clauses of tbe platiorm adopted by the Indian
apolis convention that I propose to direct at
tention. I repeat the statement that the
Indianapolis convention in general terms as
serted tne true relation of the Democratic
party to the Interests ot this great country.
he Chicago platform declares and recognizes
that the money question is paramount to all
others at this time. The free coinage of silver
a« interpreted by Mr. Bryan, means the ad
vance in commercial value of ail the silver
bullion and coin, and indeed all commercial
silver, to equality in commercial value with
gold. ■■«.■'" ■. , . " . =" ; K J;
The real question then Is, Can the American
people, by a la* authorizing the unlimited
coinage of silver dollars on private account at
the ratio of 16 ounces of silver to 1 of gold,
with full legal ..tender, . make the silver
coinage of the world of equal acceptability
and value and of equal power in the markets
and in the payment of debts with all the gold
coined in . tie word? Thin. statement of the
question is made In usual form, but neither its
truth nor Its exactness will be questioned by
any thoughtful man after he hits fully consid
ered the rapid methods of modern intercom
munication and the activities of commercial
life. [Applause]. ;
In my judgment such results ! as . I have 1 de
scribed are impossible of accomplishment by
the measure proposed. I admit that silver
bullion may be advanced in commercial value
by its increased usefulness, but no advance to
a parity with gold is possible, and the whole
result of the measure will be the depreciation
of the value 01 coinage, the ruin of public aid
private credit, the disturbance of business, the
disturbance of values and the overthrown^ of
all American industries. The Democratic
party, true to its principles and traditions, is
compelled to oppose it. [Applause.] It in
vokes the teachings und policies of its revered
sages to arrest the destruction of that great
party and save the country irom humiliation
and dishonor. [Applause.] . -
The United States must continue to enforce
IU own laws by its own methods. In the
States and elsewhere -the courts roust be sus
tained in the exercise of their largest author
ity. If legislation is necessary to enlarge, ex
pand, limit or define their jurisdiction tUat
proper legislation must be made by law mak
ing departments of the United Btates and of
the respective States. [Applause.]
The credit ot the United States and the
several States and the municipalities of the
States must be maintained. The people must
not be invited, to repudiate. To thwart these
disastrous consequences the ' National Democ
racy invites the co-operation of their brethren
and of all the people.
When General Palmer finished and had
been cheered to the satisfaction of the
crowd 'Mr. Flower introduced the candi
date for Vice-President. '
General Bnckner was received with great
cheers, and bowed his thanks.- Some one
shouted. "Three cheers for the Southern
general." which, were given. General
Buckner referred to the cordial reception
Southerners received at the bands of New
York audiences, and then branched into a
review of the Usue of 1861-64 and its rela
uoi. to the present issu a.
General Buckner then dissected the Chi
cago platform, and 'told his story of the
old musket handed : down from former
generations which bad none of the origi
nal parts remaining except the touchhole.
He said } that is all that is left of the Chi
cago platform. • v
BANKERS IN CONVENTION.
Erery Section Hepreaentfd at the Meeting
in St. lo«t«.
BT. LOUIS. Mo., Sept. 22.-The twenty
second annual convention of the Bankers'
Association began to-day. T c associa
tion's membership includes all the promi
nent financiers of the country.
The convention was called to order in
the Olympic Theater this morning by
President Pullen. About 375 delegates
were in attendance, representing nearly
all tbe principal banking institutions in
ttie Middle and Ea-nern States.
The Bouthwest has but few representa
tives present. Addresses of welcome were
made by Mayor Walbridee and W. P.
Thompson, president of the St. Louia
Clearing-bouse.
President PuHen then read his annual
address. The reoort of the secretary and
treasurer showed the association to be in
a flourishing condition during the past
ywr. The membership had increased 646
and the total membership was nearly 2100.
AOBAT MISSING.
Believed to Have Seen Made Away With
oy Spanish J£mi»*aritM.
CHICAGO, lil., Sept. 22.— A. D. Powers,
director and manager of the Cuban Relief
Corps, which only -last week opened its
offices at 201 Wabash avenue, is missing.
Fears are entertained that , he has been
tuade away with by emissaries of the Span
ish Government.
V Last Wednesday Powers received a letter
lull or threats against his life, stating that
a secret society in -Chicago, the members
of which were Spaniards, .had sworn re
venge on all who ii«lp tb ° Cuban ™ tolu -
BRYAN CROSSES
THE DELAWARE
But in Grander Style Than
the Father of His
Country.
TALES ABOUT SILVER.
And Declares That a Dollar
Does Not Eat Anything
but It Devours.
TRYING TO SAVE THE COUNTRY
Peculiar bat Oft-Repeated Pleas of
the Nebraska Orator tor Cheap
Money.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Sept. 22—Wil
liam J. Bryan left Wilmington, Del., at
10:05 o'clock this morning and reached
Chester, Pa., at 10:23. He made the trip
in a special car attached to a regular train,
provided by the Chester reception com
mittee. Senator Gray of Delaware, one of
Mr. Cleveland's main supporters in the
State, was on the train and came into Mr.
Bryan's car. The candidate and Senator
talked together until Chester was reached.
A large crowd received Mr. Bryan at the
station. At Turner and Wood rows Park
Mr. Bryan was cheered by a good-sized
audience, and made a brief spetch. From
tbe stand Mr. Bryan went to tbe Colon
nade Hotel, where he held a reception,
leaving there in time to take the 21:43
train for Philadelphia.
A crowd of about 500 people were await*
ing Mr. Bryan's arrival at the Broad
street station of the Pennsylvania road,
which he reached at 11:45 o'clock. The
candidate left the platform and the crowd
cheered heartily, and Mr. Bryan bowed
his thanks as he hurried toward his car
riage. Mr. Bryan was driven to the La
fayette Hotel, which wiil be his headquar
ters wliile here. Awaiting in front of the
hotel was a small crowd of people, who
cheered Mr. Bryan as he drove up. At the
hotel was a delegation of about thirty New
Jersey State committee men. Mr. Bryan
was introduced to the delegation and then
went to luncheon.
At 1:30 o'clock Mr. Bryan was taken by
boat to Washington Park, a summer re
sort on the New Jersey aide of the Dela
ware River, where he spoke this afternoon.
Hon. T. J. Wrigbt introduced Mr. Bryan,
wno said in part:
I met a prominent man yesterday who said
that until the Chicago convention acted on
the subject he had i.ever Investigated the
money question and supposed that there was
nothing in it; that tne papers did not seem
to Consider it worth thinking about. They re
garded It as a craze, and ne did not have time,
as a business man, to pay n\iy attention to
crazes. But when a great National party
adopted a platform making the money ques
tion the paramount issue he began to think
about it. That was only a few weeks ago. lie
got to be a crank. Ue said to me : "If we don't
win this fight it Is going on until we do, and
we don't care how many > ears It takes." I can
appreciate the feeling of that man. I went
through the same experience myself. Until
six years ago I thought any man who talked
sDout money was h harmless crank. I did not
listen to his arguments. They had no weight
with me. I studied the question. I read books
on botli sides and compared them, and the
more I read the deeper became my conviction,
until I became so lirmly of tne opinion tbat
there cou'.d not be prosperity in this country
until free silver was restored that I was will
inn to risk a*ll I had on the correctness of that
conclusion. [Great applause.]
We have gone through in Nebraska the same
process that we have gone through in other
States. We began tbe fight in Nebraska. It Is
the pioneer, ihe piatiorm adopted at Chicago
on the silver question was first adopted in
Nebraska by the. silver Democrats there.
When we did it we had bolters, too, as they
have had since. We had men who claimed to
be Democrats who would not agree to our plat
lorin. They called themselves better Demo
crat-- thau we were and voted the Republican
ticket to prove it. [Laughter.] We believe
the Democratic party, which owed Us success
to the toiling masses, must still stand by them
in their fight against the few if it deserves to
continue iis existence. We urged in Nebraska
a free-silver league. The members of that
league made an open fight. They did not go
around in the dark wearing a mask. They
said to the Democratic party of the State: "We
are going to take possession of tne machinery
of the party if we can; we are going to submit
this question to tbe voters." We went out and
presented the questions.
When our State Convention met we had
three to one and we made that platform which
hus been re-adopted by the National Demo
cratic Convention. There was a fierce contest,
then we organized a bimetallic league, which
went out to do with the Nation what the free
silver Democrats of Nebraska had done in that
£t»te.
When th»y got to the National Convention,
some peopie came from New York to instruct
the delegates. A distinguished man who used
tocail himself a Democrat [a voice. -Hi.l"]—
no, Mr. Whitney, went down and said as soon
Hf the i eople of the West found out how the
people of the East felt about this subject he
aid not think there would be any trouble car
rying tbe convention against silver. He came
back home and found he did not know how the
people of tbe East felt about it. The Demo
cratic party In his own State has declared that
it unreservedly Indorses the free silver plank
of the NatioLai platform, and that it Is the
NEW TO-DAT.
"APENTA^
THE BESf NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
Bottled at the (JJ HUNYADI SprmgS, Ml P6St, HHUgM?.
Considering the nature of the Hungarian Bitter
Water Springs, it must obviously be desirable for the
medical profession and the public to be assured authori-
tatively that the working of these Springs is carried on
in a scientific manner, and not merely on commercial
lines, and with this view the Uj Hunyadi Springs, from
which " Apenta " Water is drawn, are placed under the
absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical Institute
(Ministry of Agriculture), Buda Pest
Prices : 16 Cents and 25 Cents per bottle.
OF ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS,
Scle Exporters:
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
SEE that the Label bears the well-known Rbd Diamond Mark of
The Apollinaris Company, Limited.
Employed at the leading Hospitals in New York, Boston,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, Chicago, etc., and at tho principal
Hospitals in England.
best Defmocratlc platform ever adopted In thi»
country. [Applause.] We never had a con
vention in this country which more correctly
represented the sentiment of the people who
*ent the delegates to that convention which
met at Chicago.
It is honor enough to be a nominee of a con
vention for ihe President, but it is a hisher
honor yet to be the nominee of the most Dem
ocratic convention ever held in this country.
It is sufficient honor to be nominated by the
machinery of a parr?, but it is a higher honor
still to be nominated by the people of a party
regardless of the machinery. [Applause.]
oince that platform was adopted the people
have continued to study the money question.
What do tiiey find? They find that the people
of the West and Sou in, wno have been legis
lating for the restoration of Dimetaliism, in
stead of try: ue to ruin tne country are trying
to save it. [Anplause.]
Your people are producing manufactured
products here lareely. Where do you get your
consumers? Wipe out the forming populatl6n
and where will you sell the goods you pro
duce? How are you going to increase your
markets ? By increasing the number of people
abie to buy what you produce. Will you do
tbat by making dollars dearer? No, dollars
do not eat. Tney devour a great deal, but they
don't eat. How are you going to create mar
kets? By increasing dollars in tbe hands oj
the lew? No, you have got to restore pros
perity by stopping the tall of prices for men
who sell what they produce to get money to
buy what you produce. [Applause.]
Mr. Bryan then gave quotations from
John Sherman, James G. JBlaine and John
G.° Carlisle, showing them to have for
merly been in favor of the free coinage of
Bilver.
TALK ED IN PHILADELPHIA.
Crowds Turned Out to Hear th* Orator of
. . the Shallow Matt*.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Bept- 22.— Five
thousand people packed closely in the
Academy of Music, with a seating capac
ity of 3200, heard William J. ; Bryan de
liver the first of three addresses made to
Philadelphia audiences to-night. Many
thousands more swarmed in the streets
outside tne building, and the address was
warmly applauded. 1 ■
, An enormous crowd remained for hours
outside the Lafayette Hotel to see Bryan.
Equally great was the, assemblage that
thronged Broad and Wharton streets in
front of tbe Southwestern Democratic
Club to hear the third and last address of
the evening. In all Mr. Bryan's cam
paigning he never drew crowds of greater
magnitude and tbe Academy of Music
was entirely inadequate , for the principal
Bryan demonstration. It was packed
from floor to gallery. The doors had jto
be closed early in the evening, for : the
building would hold* no more, and those
inside were pressed together as tightlj as
could be.
But the crowd inside was as nothing in
point of numbers compared to the packed
masses in the streets. On Broad street,
outside tbe Hotel Lafayette, v great crowd
choked progress for more than an hour
before Mr. Bryan left the hotel for the
academy. Passage to vehicles was impos
sible, and even the extra squad of police
men who were sent to clear a way for Mr.
Bryan at the entrance found much diffi
culty in forcing their way through.
When Mr. Bryan left bis rooms to enter
his carnage several hundred men who nad
been held in check in the lobby and cor
ridors of the hotel broke through tue
tine of guards and rushed alter him pell
mell. With Mr. Bryan were .Chairman
Curley of the city executive committee;
ex-Congressman Kerr of Pennsylvania,
Congressman Sulzer of New York and
members of the local committees. Sev
eral of these were caught in the rush and
failed to keep up with the candidate.
Pieces of furniture wees overturned and
a crashing of glass bore witness to the
great rush that marked Mr. Bryan's pass
age through the hotel. Mr. Bryan was
sent flying along the corridors, pusued
through a narrow doorway and raced to
his carriage by way of the Sansom-street
entrance, thus eluding the crowd on Broad
street. There was a crush at the Academy,
but Mr, Bryan was finally landed on the
stage looking very much ' like the center
rush in a football game after attempting
the flying wedge.' Outside the Academy
was another mass of humanity packed
deep in Broad, street and lopping over
into the adjoining thoroughfares. It was
a good-natured crowd ana seemed willing
enough- to be entertained by campaign
oratois who spoke from trucks aud other
conspicuous places. ■
■ It was 8:45 when ' Mr. Bryan reached the
Academy of Music A wave of enthusi
asm swept through the overcrowded audi
torium as he came on the stage.
John W. Gorman, chairman of the State
Committee, introduced Mr. Bryan, who
received another ovation ■as• be stepped
forward to speak.. Almost every sentence
he uttered was followed by loud cheers.
Mr. Bryan repeated his usual argument
for free coinage.
BRYAN'S DUST FOR VOTES.
The Silver Candidate to Be Hurried
Through Heat Virginia.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Sept. 22,-John
McGraw \of West Virginia, a ' member of
the National Committee at Democratic
headquarters, to-day arranged the itiner
ary for Mr. Bryan during the three days
the candidate will be at the disposal of the
West Virginia State Committee. Mr.
Bryan, according to this arrangement, will
leave New York on the night of the 28th
of September and reach Washington on
the morning of the 30th over the Balti
more and Ohio Railroad. He will leave
Washington at 8 a. m. September 30, reach
ing Harpers i Ferry at 9:40, where be ■, will
speak for twenty minutes. Arriving at
Martinsburg at 10:30 he will have one
hour and fifteen minutes; and. Cumber
land, where he is due at 2:15 p. m., be will
be given fifty-five minutes. By special
train over the West Virginia Central the
party will be taken to Keyser, arriving at
3:40, where a stay of one and a half hours
will be, made.
The run will then be made from Keyser
to Grafton for a night meeting, which will
be held at 8 o'clock. October 1, leave
Grafton'at 6 a. m. for Clarksburg, wnere he
will 5 arrive ;at 10 o'clock and remain an
hour and a half. Arriving at Parkersburg
* i
at 2:30 -the party .will remain on* hour.
The trip from Parkersbonr to Wheeling
will be- made by special train, reaching
Wheeling- at 7:30 for a night .'meting.
After this Mr. Bryan -will leave for Charles
ton, arriving early on the morninjr of the
3d. He will speaK at 10 o'clock, remain
ing for an hour and a half. The party
will then take a sp3Cial train to Hanting
ton, arriving there nt 1 o'clock, giting an
hour and a half to th c people at that point.-
At Huntington Mr. Bryan will bid faro
well to West Virginia and take the regu
lar Chesapeake ami Ohio train, the fass
flying Virginian, for St. Louis to attend
the meeting of the National Democrats
clubs. He will be accompanied through
West Virginia by a special escort com
mittee.
TREACHERY IS SUSPECTED.
Thaeher*» Letter Settle* All J>ovt>t About
Bryan JLositlo XeurTorlt.
WASHINGTON, D. ■ C, Sept. 22.—What
ever pretense there has been at Demo
cratic headquarters of a hope that Mr.
Bryan had any chance to carry New York
has been abandoned. The letter of Mr.
Thacber adhering jto his «ound*nion«jr
views, but avowing loyalty to the Chicago
platform's candidate*, was regarded by
Democratic managers as equivalent to
crossing New York off the list of doubtful
States and surrendering It to Major Mc-
Kinley. Ex-Governor Campbell tried the
experiment of running a 'sound-none/
man on a free-silver platform in Ohio two
years ago, and the' result was a plurality
of nearly 100,000 for Governor Bushnell.
The Democratic managers admit that
Mr. Thaeher's course has placed the party
in his State in a most absurd position.
Some of tliem believe that the party owe»
it to Mr. Bryan to sacrifice the State to
principles and to repudiate Mr. Thacfcer
by the nomination lor the Governorship
a straigbt-ont silver man, and in this con
nection the young understudy of Henry
Olay, to wit/Congressman Butter, Is men
tioned. Mr. Sulzer has been bubbling
over with free silver sentiment and went
to Buffalo prepared to accept the nomina
tion for the governorship. It were better,
they say, to go down with Suizer and prin
ciples than to win with Tbacher and dis
loyalty. There is no grave danger, how
ever, of either contingency.
Senator Till man is here and disensnea
the situation in characteristic style. , H*
sees in Tnacher's nomination the cloven
hoof and the forked tail of his ancient
enemy, David Bennett Hill.
"1 is a deal between H:ll and Cleveland
to exchange tbe State ticket and the Leg
islature for the National ticket," said Mr.
Till man. "Tne silver men ought to put
ont a ticket of their own tor tbe governor
ship, either a Democrat, or an independ
ent." ■:■/■': . . •
Mr. Tillman added that there was alto
gether too much treachery to the National
ticket in various places; therefore, he bad
small hopes for Democratic success in the
East.
, Mr. Faulkner arrived this afternoon,
out he refused to make any comment on
Mr. Thacher's letter.
SEW to-dat;
AT ROOS BROS.
IT'S AWFULLY FUNNY
All are surprised at the magnitude
of our stock, the class of goods we ara
selling:, and last, but not least, at our
wondrously low prices on cut-to-fit
clothing. r£* ;
Men's All-"wrtol Suits, fall and winter
weight ; Single and Double Breasted
Sacks and Cutaway Frocks, in cheeks,
plaids, overplaids, steel gray, black
and blue cheviots and clays. Our price
— SIO
Men's ' All-wool Overcoats and ■ Ul-
sters, latest fashionable cats in Clays,
Kersey's, Meltons, Tweeds and Che-
viots. Onr price....... SiO
These are table for dress or busi-
ness wear. They are like our reputa-
tion—sound. ■
See our display— our prices don't vary
every £4 hours.
Hail orders our great specialty.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
ft ,GRH,L
La *£ the ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
OPEN TIL MIDNIGHT.- --• i< >
liili^ Belts for $30.
Isls^F^V^^l Ol<J-fash!onea and poorly
fSt!3C?i^SiSSranf^*3 made can be bad by par.
jWSj/mQs HljjfiS^* lng y° ar money to electria
Tn3g»?*B*«KSN belt "quacks" and travel-
*j?" SjSttr^W* ing "takera.**. For a am-
» '•' Nwi class article at a reasoaahia
"^-uLIV price write or call for free
torch Jirt- _„. cop? of our new boot. DR.
■ecoad, thud and toartb floor* ban FraacUoo.
DDIIDUPD FOR BARBERS, BAK-
Hn II A fir 1 J\ ers> bootblacks, bath-
VII II houses. billiard -taMw,
Wewera, • bookbinders, candy.mukers, : canaers,
oyera, flourmiUs. foundries, laundries, pap«i>
Dangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, stable*
aen, tar-roofers, tanners;' taiior*, «te.
« i ™ BUCHANAN BROS.,
COSMOr»O3jITAKT.
Opposite V. B. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St.. Saa
I'ranoiaco, Cat — The most select famtlr hotel la
the city. Board and room 91, *1 25 and 91 50 pot
day, according to room. Meals 23c Kooms 50a
and 76c a day. I Pree coach to and from the hoc»L
Xcok for th« ooacb bearing the name of the Ooa>
mopoiiuu Hotel. r WAI. k'AtUi X. fropriaiox.
S3 OPIUM
The pure essential extract from the native drug. Con.
tains all the valuable medicinal - properties of Opium
witnout its noxious elements. No sickness ct stomach 1
no Tomlt.cg mo costivea,.as , no AUDrngglat^WANT THACHER
HAULED DOWN
New York Silverites Who
Oppose the Goldite
Candidate.
MR. HILL TAKES A HAND
Attends a Meeting of the State
Committee, at Which a Row
Occurs.
TALKS AGAINST FREE SILVER.
Senator Grady Urges the Withdrawal
of the Candidate and Wrath Is
Displayed.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 22.— A meet
ing of the Democratic State Committee
wa& held at the Hoffman House to-nigni.
The opposition to John Boyd Thaclier
was more pronounced than had been fore
shadowed early in the day, and when it
became known that Senator Hill was to
attend on a proxy the interest increased.
Chairman Daniorth arrived at the hotel
soon after 8 o'clocK, and at 8:45 the senior
Senator of New York went into the meet
ing-room. After a conference between
Messrs. Hill, Danforth, John C. Sheehan
and Norton C. Chase the committee was
called to order and the doors were closed.
bo much time was taken up in deciding
contests over seats of the representatives
of Kings, Niagara and Monroe counties
that it was past 10 o'clocfc when the real
business was reached. The rumors that
Tammany would not support the ticket
unless Thacher declined tbe gubernatorial
nomination were followed by a joint pro
test of other organizations, which was
handed to the committee for consider
ation.
The following communication was pre
sented to the committee:
To the JS'eio York State Democratic Committee:
Gentlemen: The undersigned believe that the
nomination of John Boyd Tiiacher for Gov
ernor of New York is a political error, most
damaging to the Democratic party and the
Bryan c*use.
II Mr. Thacher remains on tbe State ticket
we believe it will surely be defeated.
The popular dissatisfaction with this nomi
nation is so plain that we. trust that Mr.
thacher will be induced to decline the nomi
nation and that thereupon you will fill the
vacancy with a candidate who can and will
give his unequivocal indorsement to all planks
In the Chicago platform. Respectfully, Owen
J. Kindelon, president; John N. Bocert of the
executive committee New York State clubs;
Frank Halligan, president; Frank T. Bleyler,
secretary of Bryan League of Allied Printing
Trades, and others.
The content between the supporters and
opponents uf Mr. Thacher was precipitated
by a ru»oiuiion offered by John B.
Bheehan in substance as follows:
Resolved, That we hereby request that John
B. Tiiacher withdraw irom the candidacy tor
the governorship so that the State committee
may be enabled to select a candidate In perfect
accord with the platform adopted by the
Democratic convention at Chicago.
Senator Hil! at once took the floor in
opposition to the resolution, making an
earnest appeal to have Mr. Thacher re
tained. His remarks occupied forty min
utes, and it was after 11 o'clock when Sen
ator Thomas F. Grady took the floor,
Mr. Grady was equally emphatic in urg
ing tlie withdrawal of Mr. Thacher, bo
that a candidate earnestly favoring free
coinage may be substituted.
Following Senator Grady, Messrs. Car
lisle and Bulger made short speeches to
the resolution, and it was midnight when
Senator Hill again took the floor for tbe
second time in tbe effort to prevent action
looking to the withdrawal of Mr. Tbacher.
Senator Hill said that the people did not
understand the money question. He had
heart! men talking with all. the eloquence
of statesmen on a subject which they knew
nothing about. He called it suicidal for
the Democratic party of this State to ac
cept the silverite principle. He would
rather see tbe party dead and buried than
Bee it damned by such insane conduct.
He said the committee had not power to
remove Mr. Thacher from the ticket. The
adoption of the resolution, be said, would
be political cowardice. The leaders, he
declared, are trembling in their boots.
Every man of understanding and intelli
gence in tbe Democratic party had taken
the right side of the money question by
refusing to support the free coinage of
silver.
There was altogether too much Popu
lism in the Democratic National platform.
When did a silver club become per se the
the Democratic party. The object of
these silverites was to drive to tbe rear
the old party leaders and have new men
rnn tbe movement. The movement was
controlled and pushed forward by mine
owners. Continuing, he said:
Do not be afraid of your own shadow. It is
probably true that a great many of the labor
ing people are in favor of free silvc r , but they
are in the minority and do not properly under
stand the subject. While Governor of this
State I never refused my signature to any bill
in the interest of laboring people.
Who dares to say that I am not yet a friend
to the workingmen and would protect his in
terest with, all mv power? The leaders of
Tammany Hall are afraid of the laboring peo
ple, but 4Jiey do notproperly understand them.
The effort to nominate a silver candidate for
tbe governorship of this State is an endeavor
to elect Mr. Black Governor.
Cannot the masses continue to trust us lead
ers, or have ih»y become too suspicious of our
good faith? Why should lor Mr. Thacher ac
cept every line of the Democratic pmtform?
Arewegomg to allow a mine-owner from
tbe West to come bcre and educate the people
in a matter of politics?
Men who have offered their lives in the in
terest of the party are now called traitors for
refusing to accept everything in the Demo
cratic platform. I am opposed to the insane
ideas which the reoi-Us, the silverites, have
tried to have forced pa the party.
Senator Hill spoke for over half an hour
aud walked about the room gesticulating
as be talked. When he finished Senator
Grady aro«e and began another reply.
At 1:45 o'clock this (Wednesday) morn
ing ibe committee finally adjourned after
adopting the substitute for Hie resolution
offered by Bernard Burk ot Kings County.
Tlie vote was in favor oi the latter by 46
to 2 and t c resolution read:
Rctohrl, That the chairman of this meeting
appoim a .ominittee of five to notify the can
didate* on tti« **•<* ticket of their nomina
tion, ami report bact to a meeting of this
committee, to be held Monday evening, Sep
tember '28.
The committee named was asibilowa:
Mr. York of Kings, Mr. Grady of , New
York, Mr. Moiloy of Troy, Mr. Cotton of
Chemune County and B. Beckwith.
After the meeting it transpired that
Senator Hill had spoken five or six times.
Members who had been present ex
pressed the opinion that following the
action :ofa the. committee to-night Mr.
Thacher would feel inclined to decline the
gubernatorial nomination.
»
BOLIERS CONFER WITH JONES.
Silver Republican Leaders Patching Up
' Matter* in Idaho. >••
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 22.— The Silver
RepuDllcan leaders, Senator Cannon of
Utah and Congressmen Hartman and
Slip.f roth, were at Democratic headquarters
to-day conferring with Chairman Jones.
One of the subjects discussed was the
Idaho situation. The Silver Republicans
and Senator Jones are in accord as to
affording all the Democratic assistance
possible to Senator Dubois to insure nis re
turn to the Senate. The calling of the
Silver Republican Convention of Idaho to
meet again is taken to mean that an agree
ment has been reached to either recon
struct or take down altogether the Silver
Slate ticket in return lor the fusionists —
the Democrats and Populists — withdraw
ing the anti-Dubois resolution which was
adopted by their convention. The fusion
State ticket will then be the only one in
the field, except the McKinley Republi
can, and the way will be made as clear a* ;
possible for the re-election of Senator Du
bois. The Silver Republicans and fusion
ists have been given Bryan Electors.
Campaign Committeeman Johnson 3aid
he talked with the editor of the .McKinley
daily paper in Boise City when he was. in
Idaho recently, and the editor admitted
that out of the 27,000 votes which would
probably be cast McKinley would not get
more than 3600.
Chairman L. A. Rossing of the Demo
cratic committee of Minnesota was at
headquarters. He declared there was no
combination which could beat Bryan,
taking the vote of two or lour years a»;o as
a basis. He said in 1894 trje Democrats
who are now against Bryan voted for
Knute Nelson, the Republican for Gover
nor, because it was a choice of seeing him
or a Populist elected, therefore the Repub
licans would not make any gain. Then
the Republican silver defection must be
taken into account as a clear loss, while
the Democrats had complete fusion with
the Populists, On this showing he was
confident Bryan would carry the State.
Ex-Senator Jnmes R. Doolittle of Wis
consin, Leo Bailey of the Indiana com
mittee, and F. B. Hemphill of Tennessee,
also called to see Chairman Jones and re
port successful prospects in their States.
♦
Fusion, i» Kentucky.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Sept. 22.— The
fusion of tbe Democrats and the Populists
of Kentucky was officially civen out by
Chairman Johnson of the Democratic
committee this afternoon. It is agreed
that the electors shall be put in Demo
cratic electoral ticket and the Populist
electoral ticket shall be withdrawn ; that
the support of both parties shall be given
to said electoral ticket so constituted, and
that all will do their utmost to harmonize
differences as to Congressional and other
candidates.
DISCIPLINE IN THE NAVY.
Officers Deprived of the Luxury
of Swearing at Their
Subordinates.
It Is Held That on the Seas the
Expression "If You Piease"
Must Go.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 22.— A Herald
special from Washington says:
Swearing at or harsh treatment of en
listed men by officers of the navy is in vio
lation of the regulations and will not be
tolerated. This has been brought forcibly
to the attention of Lieutenant Commander
Charles 0. Allibone, executive officer of
the cruiser Columbia, in a sharp letter
written to him by Acting Secretary Me-
Adoo:
The trouble which brought all this
about occurred on the Columbia several
weeks ago. Tbe first knowledge the Navy
Department had of it came in the form of
a resignation from actiner Boatswain
Dwyer, one of the petty officers of the
Columbia. The department was much
surprised to receive this resignation, be
cause of the knowledge of the good stand
ing of the young man and of his fondness
for the service. Suspecting that some
thing had suddenly Occurred to change
his good opinion of tbe billet he had, the
department wrote to him betore accepting
his resignation, requesting his reasons for
tendering it.
As was exrjected young Dwyer informed
the department that he found life on board
the shin unbearable, owing to ill treat
ment and abuse he received at the hands
of the executive officer. In detailing cer
tain incidents that occurred on board the
ship be charged that Lieutenant-Com
mander Allibone had severely rebuked
him, swearing at him and otherwise using
harsh language toward him.
When this communication was received
at the department a copy was forwarded
to Lieutenant-Commander Allibone and a
request made for an answer to th charges.
His reply came a few days ago, in which
he admitted having had some words with
Dwyer, but denying that he was profane
in the language used. His explanation of
what actually occurred was not considered
satisfactory by Me Adoo, and he accord
ingly wrote him a long letter, taking him
severely to task for his conduct, and point
ing out that subordinates must always be
treated with consideration by superiors.
If Dwyer did not properly understand
his duties, the acting Becrptary declared
that it was the duty of Lieutenant-Com
mander Allibone to speak to him in a
kindly manner and encourage him to do
better. If there had been an infraction of
the regulations which called for punish
ment of any kind, then tbe Secretary de
clared the acting boatswain should have
} been brought to account through the
legitimate means provided by the regula
tions.
LEGACY FROM AN ANARCHIST.
Two Satchel* and a trunk : Filled Wltl
" Jtotnb* Found in Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 22.— Two satchels
and a large trunk filled with dynamite
bombs were discovered by the police here
to-night in the rooms of an anarchist
named Bestmann in a four-story brick
building at the corner of Oak and Sedg
wick streets. The anarchist has not been
seen in Chica o lor two years, but he left
his baggage behind him, and it was never
opened until to-day. In the satchel were
found several letters written by Parsons
and one or two of the other anarchists
who were executed. The whereabouts of
the owner of t c satchel is not now known.
If if--. Vurder iffMl Suicide.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., Sept. 22.—
Charle- Pfeiffer, living at B-igntwood. a
Miburb of this city, this morning cut his
wile's tliroa' and hanired himself. Both
are dead. Pfeiffer was an operator on the
Bic Four.
Thf couple were married about a year
as-o and lived hupni y. It is believed that
Pieiffer was temporarily insane.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1896.
RUSSIAN ROYALTY
IN GREAT BRITAIN
Arrival of the Standart
With Czar and Czarina
Aboard.
ABE LANDED AT LEITH
Welcomed by the Prince of
Wales and the Duke of
Connaught.
WARSHIPS JOIN IN A SALUTE
Jayly Uniformed R- giments and
Crowds Torn Out to Welcome
the Visitors.
LEITH, Scotland. Sept. 22.— The Rus
sian imperial yacht Standart, with the
Czar and Czarina on board, arrived this
afternoon. The Czar, Czarina and their
suites were transferred from the Standart
to a local steamer, which conveyed them
to the jetty, where they were landed.
They took carriagt-3 to the railway sta
tion en route for Balmoral. The route to
the station was decorated to a moderate
extent with banners, streamers, etc. The
day was a holiday in Edinourgh and Leitb.
Great crowds were early on the ground to
see the Russian Emperor. Tbe gathering
was very orderly and the town remarkably
quiet.
The Prince of Wales, the Duke of Con
naught and Lord Rosebery embarked on
board the steamer and went out to the
Standart to meet the Czar and Czarina.
The Prince of Wales boarded the Standart
and greeted the Russian Emperor and
Empress, remaining on board the yacht
for some time.
Before the Czar and Czarina landed rain
began falling, spoiling the effects of the
scene of the flag-decorated warsh?ps in the
harbor and the gayiy uniformed regiments
of troops which lined the route from the
jetty to the station.
GREAT DAMAGE TO SHIPPING.
JCesults of Saturday's Thunderstorm on
the Atlantic Coast.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 22.— The
heavy thunderstorms of Saturday did a
cieat deal of damage to ships that were
anchored in Gravesend Bay. A boat
owned by the Marine and Field Club of
Gravesend Bay was capsized at the pier
and the Arrow was also capsized. A forty
rive-foot sloop waa smashed against the
Ulmer Park pier, and went down.
The greatest daiuape at Coney Island
was done to S. L. Rankin's toboggan slide
in Sea Beach walk. In the early part of
tbe storm the slide was lifted from its
foundation in several places, and was soon
a complete wreck.
The most noteworthy victim of the
storm was the famous little half-rater
Ethelwynn, wnich last year won the
Seawanliaka-Corintbian Yacht Club inter
national challenge cup for half-raters
from J. Arthur Brand's Spruce IV of the
Mimosa Yacht Club of England. The
Etbelwynn is now owned by Cyrus
Leonard of New York and his brother.
She was anchored off Avoca Villa, Bath
Beach, and was dashed aeainst the pier.
Several yachts with fishing parties on
board, which sailed for the Cholera fish
ing baiiks from Far Rockaway, have not
yet returned and some anxiety is felt for
their safety. Steamers which came in
just before the storm reported that a large
number of yachts were laid to just off the
banks.
EAGER FOR ANNEXATION.
Hawaiians Again Agitate the
Subject o! Union With
Uncle Sam.
Internal Dissensions and .he Influx of
Japanese and Portuguese Hen.
ace the Republic
HONOLULU, Hawaii, Bept. 15.— Much
effort has been made the past fortnight to
generate disaffection arnonc the support
ers of the Government, including the
Portuguese, by propagatinc the suspicion
that Dole and hi* Cabinet are not honestly
in favor of annexation, but are in accord
with t c British section of the sugar
planters in wanting nothing more than at
most an American protectorate which
would permit the continued importation
of Asiatic contract labor. The white me
chanics and laborers are strongly opposed
to the continuance of such immigration,
and their minds have been much dis
turbed by the suspicions put in circula
tion.
Interviews with members of tbe Cabi
net elicit the strongest expressions of
their desire to secure no form of political
union with th United States less complete
than the full admis ion of Hawaii as a
State or Territory. They regard a protec
tectorate as very unsatisfactory, contain
ing elements of uncertainty. It would be
liable to be terminate i like any trea v, or
to have its conditions readjusted. What
is needed for the political stability of
Hawaii is absolute union. Mr. Dole's
government is extremely anxious to nego
tiate a treaty of annexation as soon as any
administration at Washington will enter
tain the subject.
The wreckers of the Gains boiou .h still
have hope of floating the ship. The
water in tbe bold yields to pumping.
There has been some excitement among
patrons of the Punabou Preparatory
School on account of twenty-six Chi
nese youths having joined from Damon's
Milos Institute. White parents objected
to their children being in the same clashes
with Chinese, tbe school being select, with
high fees. The trustees decided toexemde
all not proficient in English, not being
willing to m.iKft any race distinction, as
the school is on a benevolent religious foun
dation. Under th.s ruling nueen of tlie
Chinese were excluded anu eleven remain.
The white parents are still not wholly
satistt d.
There is a large Government English
free school for Chinese youth in a 1 grades.
The city schools are much crowded, al
though frequently enlarged.
ROCK SPRINGS JSUXOATBV.
A Cloudburst J I nodi the Streets ot the
tt'l/otninif town.
ROCK SPRINGS, Wyo., Sept. 22.-A
cloudburst up in the canyon, a couple of
miles soutliea-t of town, this afternoon
flooded the town to a depth ot four feet,
inundating floors in the First National
Bank and seven or eight of the leading
business houses filling all cellars find
completely covering the Union Pacific
tracks. The rush of the water down
through town was so sudden that there
was not time to get merchandise out of
the cellars. Tim Kinney & Co.'s large
double two-story business house is under
mined by the water and in danger of col
lapsing at any time. The damage, it was
thought, will be |50,000. No lives were
lost.
HYPNOTIZED FOR TWO YEARS.
Mysterious Disappearance and Return of a
Youth Who Has Traversed
the Globe.
BUFFALO, N. V.. Sept. 22.— Frederick
Gordon Rew, the Cornell student, who
disappeared from Ithaca in a mysterious
manner almost two years ago, and who
was found in Ceylon recently, has returned
to the home of his parents in this city.
For a ipng time after youn* Rew disap
peared his father thought he was dead.
Part of Rew's wanderings were sur
rounded with mystery. He declares that
be can remember nothing from the time
he left Cayuga until be found himself on
board a vessel bound for France. Aside
from these first days young Rew tells tbe
story of his adventures in detail. His
education enabled him to find friends
among a class of people who threw in his
way opportunity for profitable employ
ment, and he succeeded admirably in
learning French and German, his lack of
proficiency in which had worried him at
college and had indirectly caused him to
go away. He has worked hard since he
went away and has made money.
During ali his wanderings young Rew
never changed bis name nor endeavored
to conceal his identity. Before making
the voyage to Ceyion he visited several of
the South American countries and Jamai
ca. During all his travels he never heard
that his parents were searching for him
until he arrived at Ceylon.
He will return to Cornell on Wednesday
and enter the freshman class, as he did
two years a o.
JUMPED INTO THE LAKE.
Fate of Edson Keith, Head of
the Famous Millinery
Concern.
1.1 Health and Political Uncertainty
Belie vtd to Have Unset*
tied His Mind.
CHICAGO, 111., Bept. 22.— Edson Keith,
head of the great millinery firm, the Ed
son Keith Company, the largest firm of
the kind in the United States, committed
suicide by jumping inlo the lake at the
foot of Thirteenth street last night. The
suicide was not made known until late
this morning. He was seen when he
jumped from the pier of the Illinois Cen
tral Railroad, but at that time his identity
was unknown. Two crews have since
been dragging the lako for the b dy with
out success.
Later reports show that Keith must have
suicided Sunday night or early Mondr.y
morning. When Mrs. Keith tried to open
the door of his apartment on Monday
morning she found it locked. She sum
moned her son, who forced the door. The
room was empty, but it coulu be seen that
the bed had been occupied.
Believing that mental trouble bad over
come the missing man the police were
notified and spent ali day yesterday in a
fruitless endeavor to locate the mi«sing
man. This morning information was re
ceived that a hat and coat had been found
near the breakwater at the mouth of Wel
don slip. These were identified as having
belonged to Keith and convinced the
searchers that he had committed suicide,
doubtle-s while temporarily insane.
Physical ill health and the fear of possi
ble troubles to result from the coming
Presidential election are the causes as
signed for his breakdown. His financial
| affairs are said to be in the best shape.
He was interested in many great enter'
prises and was considered one of the
largest capitalist » in the West.
SLAIN BY A BULLY.
Mother and Fire Children Left Destitute
by the Cowardly Act of a
Ruffian.
NEW YORK., N. V., Sept. 22.— The
desire of Martin O'Brien, a brawny beef
handler, employed in this city and living
in Brooklyn, to be revenged on William
Oiiver was satisfied yesterday afternoon.
Oliver is dead and O'Brien a fugitive from
justice. A widow and five children are
lelt destitute by Oliver's death.
O'Brien is known as the most powerful
of the strong men who inhabit Green
Point. He is more than 6 feet tall, w ighs
265 pounds and has a reputation for fight
ing. His victim was industrious, quiet
and of small physique. Tbe men bad
been friends, although not intimates.
O'Brien had a quarrel two months ago
with an aged neighbor, Michael Gyves,
and 0 iver interfered when the beef
hnndler attempted to strike the old man.
For this O'Bru n swora to be revenged.
The men did not meet again until yes
terday. Oliver was employed in the Con
tinental Iron Work*. He went to the
shop yesterday to do some work for bis
brother and was returning to dinner when,
as he was crossing ■ street, O'Bri°n rushed
upon him. It is believed he was lying in
wait ior Oliver.
Without a word O'Brien dealt Oliver a
terrific blow with his list. Oliver fell and
without even a look at the prostrate man
O'Brien leisurely walked up Oak street
and boardvd a car. That was tlie last
seen ot him. An ambulance was sent for,
bui the surgeon who responded to the call
pronounced Oliver dead.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Insolvent Aationnl Bank— Postal and
/•- union Matter*.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Sept. 22.-Tbe
Comptroller of the Treasury to-day issued
formal notice declaring the Bennett Na
tional Bank of New Whatcom, Wash., to
be insolvent.
The postoffice at Hildreth, Madera
County, Cal., has been discontinued.
Mail tor this town should be addressed
hereatter to O'Neals.
The Postoince Department is advised
that mails for dispatch per steamer
Braemar will close at tne postoffice of la
coma. Wash., on tbe 6 h pros., instead of
the 27th inst., as published in a daily
bulletin of September 9.
L. S. Beedle was 'o-day appointed Post
master at Occidental, tonoma County
Cal., vice W. B. Coy, resigned.
The annual report of rhe Commissioner
of Pensions shows that there are in Cali
fornia 15,308 pensioners, drawing an ag
gregate amount of $6,150,175; Oregon 4577
p-n-ioners. ajrpregate amount of pensions
$629,9.39; Wellington 4963 pensioners
drawing $676,446.
Paiinc Coast pensions have been issued
as follows:
California: Original — Thaddens M.
F»«arrien, Garb rvi c; Adam S. Graham,
San Francisco; Jamm B. Ward, Ban Jose'
Frederick Badoux, Porterville; William
C. Jamison, Los Angeles.
Oregon: Original— Louis Miller, Stay
ton.
DISASTERS IN THE
MIKADO'S REALM
Hundreds of Lives Lost in
Japan's Floods and
Storms.
KOBE SWEPT BY FIRE.
Millions of Dollars' Worth of
Property Consumed by the
Flames.
EARTHQUAKES CAUSE HAVOC.
Reign of Terror in the Land of the
Rising Sun Caused by Many
Catastrophes.
TOKIO, Japan, Sept. s— Hundreds of
lives were lost and a vast amount of prop
erty destroyed by a series of fires, floods,
storms and earthquakes in many portions
of Japan during the closing week in Au
gust. Ci August 26 Kobe was visited by
a conflagration that caused a property loss
of millions of dollars.
In Gif v prefecture 4300 houses were blown
down, and along the Haji-gawa 400 per
sons lost their lives. The severest storms
occurred on Aueust 30. Along the Isatsu
gawa eighty-four lives were lost.
At Kobe, after the fire had devastated the
city, forty people were swept to their death
by the flood. In other provinces the loss
of life reached 2500.
The great flood was preceded by a severe
earthquake. Then followed a downpour
such as has never before been experienced
on the island. The European residents
were panic-stricKen and sought shelter on
the highlands.
On August 26, near Kobe, the Minato
gawa first topped and then Dreached its
oanks, and death and destruction resulted.
From before midnight to after 7 o'clock in
the morning the fire-bells were striking
shor', sharp notes as a sijrnal of man's
strivings with an angry flood. It was
just after 11 at ni ht that the first serious
warning was given. The western bank
was broken and a swift current spread
across the fields and gathered in tbe low
disvrict around Hioso station.
The line was covered and traffic was
ultimately stopped, although in this
quarter the depth was probably never
more than two and a haif to three feet.
Passeneers from the west by one or two of
the late trains were kept waiting without
information for a long period, and were
finally told that tney could go no further.
One party of eight left the station on foot
in pouri:ig rain at 12:30, and after wading
for a longdistance they reached the Mina
togawa, only to be turned back by the
impassable flood on the other side. In
places in the streets this was already
breast high, and it rose higher without
abating one iota of its force.
Poiice constables and Red Cross men
were on duty everywhere; many rescues
were made, risks were gallantly but not
always successfully incurred. The parly
referred to with great difficulty pot from
point to point a ong the river's banks
right up into the hills. Not a brirlpa le
mained. They then, tired and wet through,
fought their way back and on to the river's
mouth. Three" hundred houses at least
have been wrecked; those damaged are
innumerable. Seven dead bodies 1 were
lound at one spot; nearly 200, it is feared,
have shared death by drowning. At an
early hour 3000 sandbags tiad been piled
into the broken embankment. Ropes had
been drawn across some of the streets to
enable communication to be made.
Late in the evenincr the fir* alarm
sounded and a fire was discovered in a con
fectionery, which was rapidly fanned to
life by the high wind. Forty marines
from the German warship Kaiser and her
entire tire department worked to subdue
the flames, but all to no purpose. One
thousand nine hundred blocks, including
2260 houses and twelve godowns were de
stroyed totally, and ten houses, two police
boxes, one fire- brigade station, four tem
ples and one theater. The burnt area com
prises ten streets. The total damage by
tire was 1,000,000 yen.
On September 1, in Rokugo district, a
terrible series of earthquakes shook the
country. Nne people were killed there,
and more lhan forty at Hataya, Senya,
Takanashi, Yokehori, Yokozawa, Naga
shi.ia, Shimi/.u and Fujiki, where the dis<
aster wat especially great. The hills ai
Senya cracked. Fires broke out here anc
there. Water gushed ont in many place!
and rumblin-.'S continue.
AtObonal elevn persons were killed
At Rokugo the people killed number non
than twenty, and the houses overturns
about 1000. A ferry-boat at Hizuraa cap
sized and twenty Japs and whites lost t hoi
lives.
POLICE BATTLE WITH ROUGHS.
One Man Killed and Five Wounded in a
Bloody Encounter in Phila
delphia.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Sept. 22.— A
pitched battle occurred yesterday in
tne section of the city known as Little
Italy Detween a squau of policemen and
the inmates of a '"^peak-easy," who were
resisting arrest. Alt ough the encounter
lasted but fifteen minutes one man was
shot and killed, while five others were
more or less seriously wounded. The pro
prietor of the "speak-easy" was finally ar
rested, to ether with seven combatants,
and at a hearing the participants were
held on a charge of murder.
The victims are Michael Pizza, shot in
the head and left lung, instantly killed:
Policeman Sibers, struck on the head with
a brick; Policeman Thayer, hand crushed
with a brick; Joseph Miller, a spectator,
shot in the hand; Policeman Mitchell,
struck on the head with a br.ck; Robert
Donahue, a citizen, who took part in the
fracas, struck on the head with a brick
and stabbed in the breast.
The scene of the *;ffrny was a din^y
three-story brick house in the heart of the
Italian district. About midnight Special
Officers Hamm and Baker, together with
Policemen Sibert, Mitchell, Thayer, Wag
ner, Phillips and llooney, all attirei in
citizens' clothing, arrived at the Baker
street bouse with a warrant for the arrest
ot Michael Wolfa, charging him with sell
ing liquor without a license, and oh Sun
dar.
The raiders, with a concerted rush,
forced the f ont door from its hinges. In
side were a doz«>n frenzied men armed
wit hatchets, knive?, coupliug-pins, re
volvers and all sorts ot weapons.
Just when tbe tiring began, or how, no
boJy seems to know, but there were about
twenty or twenty-live shots exchanged.
Tlit policemen wbo were in a side alloy
found themselves he:nmed in at wither out
let by crowds of threatening foreigners. A
portion of tbn inmates had by this time
reached the roof, and they began to b: oot
at the officers in the alley. Bricks were
torn from the chimneys and hurled at the
police. Bullets and bricks flnwin all direc
tions. When the combatants were sub
dued Michael Pizza waa found dead on
the roof. He lay on his back with the
blood gushing from two bullet wounds. It
is not known whether he was shot by
policemen or by his comrades by mistake.
Arrested for Derailing a Train.
GRAYLING, Mich.. Sept. 22.— A south
bound passenger train on the Michigan
Central Railroad was derailed three miles
south of uere early this rooming by train
w rockers. The engine, mail, baggage and
smotins; cars left the track, but no one
was injured. Three men were arrested on
suspicion.
Mr*. Rarnum'* Turkish Husband Dead.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Sept. 22.— Word
was received here this morning announc
ing the death of Demetrius Callias Bey,
the husband of Mrs. P. T. Barnum. Mrs.
Callias was summoned from New York
last week and is now on the ocean. The
Bey's death was due to liver trouble.
Death of a Aoted Journalist.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 22.— WUliam
Young died at his home in Brooklyn last
evening, aged 68. On the staff of the Sun
he had been compo>itor, cooyreader,
managing editor and turf editor during
his thirty years of service.
Consul Olb.ton JHes of Smallpox,
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 22.— The
State Department has received a cable
gram announcing the death at Beyrut,
Syria, of United States Consul Gibson by
smallpox. Consul Gibson was appointed
by President Cleveland Irom Augusta,
Me., in 1803.
British Diplomatic Promotions.
LONDON, Eng., Sept. 22.— Henry How
ard, at present secretary of the British
embassy to France, has been appointed
Minister to the Netherlands to succeed
Sir Horace Rumbold, who was last month
appointed British Einbassador to Austria-
Hungary.
Sir Michael Wins an English Race.
LONDON, Eng., Sept. 22. -At Kempton
Park to-day tbe regulation plate of six
furlones was won by Sir Michael, Chryso
mel was second and E. Wishard s Damsel
II third. Tbe betting was 3 to 1 on Sir
Michael and 8 to 1 each against Chrysomel
and Damsel 11.
Unearthing Dynamltr in Ireland.
DUBLIN, Ireland, Sept. 22. -The Daily
Express says tne police have discovered
large quantities of dynamite at Marlin
Park, near Galway.
Tieath of a Fafnous Frima Donna,
HAMBURG, Germaxt, Sept. 22.— The
well-known prima donna Fran Katherine
Klafsky-Lohse is dead.
Stanford Senior* Elect Officer*.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
22. — The senior class held its election to
day after a very quiet campaign and the
following officers weie chosen for the com
ing semester: President, E. Holbrook;
first vice-president, Mi-*l M L. Grieb; sec
ond vice-president, Miss Edith Jordan
(daughter o! President Jordan); secretary,
A. G. Kaufman; treasurer, Miss Dora E.
Moody; sergeant-at-arras, John Rice;
baseball manager, Cliris Henne; football
manager, H. H Hindry; class historian,
Miss A. M. Colt; class council, Misses
Daisy Dpming, Ortha B. Fielder. Messrs.
J. P. Nourse. M. T. Pratt, J. If. Ross and
H. H. Hindry. Officers for the class are
elected for each semester.
Stanford* Munienl' Clubs.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal.. Sept.
22. — The glee and mandolin clubs are
practicing regularly and with more spirit
than ever before. Their first concert will
be given on October 3in San Jose, and
Director Wells of the Mandolin Club says
all the music will be new. A new feature
of the concerts will be the introduction of
violin solo* oy a new student here who is
unusually skilled on that instrument.
This conwrt is to be held on the last day
ot the San Jose fair. On the morning of
the same day the tirst and second elevens
of the Stanford football men will play an
exhibition game at the Garden City.
In the Woodland Courts.
WOODLAND, Cal., Sept. 22.— 1n the
! Superior Court to-day the attorneys for S.
! D. Worden, the convicted train-wrecker,
I made a motion to have the time for resen
i tencinji postponed. Judge Grant allowed
i the motion, and fixed September 23 as the
j time for passing sentence, ibe trial of
j Frank Desmond, charged with robbing a
j railroad-car at Davisville, was begun in the
j Superior Court to-day.
NEW TO-DAY.
Dr. Nansen
Might have reached the North Pole had he
been thoughtful enough to have worn one of
our $5.25 overcoats.
Handsome coats these are ; made to sell
at wholesale for $10, but now reduced to $5.25
to sell them quickly. At retailers' such coats
are cheap at $15. Elegant tan kersey cloth,
carefully and skillfully made, handsomely
trimmed, as a stylish coat should be.
Have you been in to see the busy factory where these coats are
made? Come in any day. Exclusively white labor. A leading
home industry whioh deserves your patronage.
Columbian Wgolen Mills
(S. N. WOOD & CO.),
MARKET 54| STREET.
MORE BARBAROUS
THAN THE TURKS
Ninety Cuban Prisoners
Shot by Spanish
Troops.
TWO BODIES MUTILATED
Non* Combatants, Women and
Children Are Ruthlessly
Slaughtered.
FATE OF THB£E LITTLE ONES.
Locked in a House and Burned to
Death During the Absence of
Their Parents.
NEW YORK, N. V., Bept. 22.— A Tampa
(Fla.) special says:
Ninety-three political prisoners were re
cently ordered deported from Havana to
the Isle of Pines. They were sent in
chains afoot overland to Battomo, where
they were taken by steamer to their desti
nation.
The prisoners were guarded by 200
euardiaciviles, who shot them all down in
a lonely palm grove on the roadside near
BejucaL Tbe bodies were afterward hor
ribly mutilated with machetes. The
guards reported that the prisoners tried to
escape.
Letters from Havana continue to tell
stories of shocking atrocities committed
by the Spanish troops, and in many cases
these stories come from the Spanish them
selves. In one case where it was officially
reported that nineteen insurgents had
I.een killed in a battle it is asserted that
the Spanish troops had cruelly slaugh
tered nineteen non-combatants — men,
women and children — in revenge for an at
tack made upon the troops by ambushed
insurgents.
In another case three little children
were locked into a house which was set
on fire and the children were burned to
death. Another case reported is that of a
decrepit old man and two negroes, who
were brutally butchered.
NAP A MVRDEKK.R CAPTURED.
Wanted for the Ji.il Una of a Woman
.Fire years Ago.
NAPA, Cal., Sept. 22. — A man supposed
to be the long-looked-for William Moore,
who murdered Mrs. J. K. Greenwood of
this county in February, 1891, has been
arrested in Los Angeles. Sheriff McKen- ■
zie received a telegram from the Sheriff of
Los Angeles County yesterday asking it
the reward of $2250 for Moore's capture
still held good. The answer was in the
affirmative. To-day came another tele
gram from Los Angeles statin ,' that Moore
was under arrest and had confessed the
crime. Photographs were mailed for iden
tification here.
San Mateo's Vneerlain liotmdnrif.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Sept. 22— The
Board of Supervisors to-day ordered tbe
clerk to communicate with tbe Supervisors
of San Francisco relative to taking action
jointly to settle upon and define tne
boundary line between the two counties.
The present uncertainty may be the cause
of litigation, especially in regard to roatia
and streets. There is now a section of
road nearly 400 feet long which is almost
impassable, as the authorities of each
county refuse to repair it, each claiming
that it lies within the territory of the
other county.
Atkinson Succeed* B untie tf-
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Sept. 22.— Mayor
Huboard has appointed E. C. Atkin
son member of the City Trustees, vice
Bentley, who has absented himseli from
the city beyond the time allowed by the
charter.
34
REPUBLICANS OF
ARIZONA IN LINE
National Platform of the
Party Indorsed at
Phoenix.
DORAN FOR CONGRESS.
The Nominee a Man Fopular
Amcng Working People of
the Territory.
ROUSING RATIFICATION RALLY
Followers of McKinley Confident cf
Victory for Their Ticket in
November.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Sept. 22.— The Repub
lican Territorial Convention met in Phoe- j
nix to-day and nominated A. J. Doran as |
Delegate to Congress. Every county was j
represented and much enthusiasm mnni- j
fested. As there is a strong silver senti- \
ment in the Territory it was feared that a ''
fight on the currency plank in the plat- j
form would be precipitated, but there were
only two dissenting votes on the indorse
ment of the St. Louis Republican plat
form.
The platform declares allegiance to Re
publican principles, favors protection and
reciprocity and Statehood lor the Terri- !
tory, and indorses the St. Louis piatform
of tbe Republican party without reserva
tion. It declares that While the Republi
cans of Arizona favor bimetallism, they
believe the Republican parly is the only
true friend of silver and will legislate ior
its coinage wituout disturbing the busi
ness interests of ihe country. Much
satisfaction is expressed by prominent
members oi the party over the peaceiul
settlement of this question.
A. J. Doran. the nominee, has been a
resident of Arizona fur twenty years, has
ht-ld many offices of trust and has never
yet been defeated. He has s«erve i re
peatedly in both branches of the legisla
ture from Pinal County ami has a clean,
honorable record. He is very popular
with the working people, especially
amun: the miners, and. is considered the
strongest candidate who could hava been
nominated.
To-night a rousing ratification meeting
■was held in the Opera-house, which was
crowded from gallery to proscenium arch.
Tbe Republicans have not been so en
thusiastic and hopeful since the campaign
opened as they were to-night.
There has been no frsiou in Arizona,
the Democrats and Populists each putting
straight tickets in the field. Maik Smith,
who was a delegate to Conjrresa for six
years, is the Democratic nominee, and W.
O. O Neil the Populi«t. It is conriilentiy I
asserted that Doran's popularity will win j
for him a victory by a good plurality.
Walsh ai seattle.
The Democratic Xationnl Committee Sec
retary Talk* for Bryan.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept, 22. — C. A. I
Walsh, secretary of the Democratic Na- j
tional Committee and National Commit
teeman from lowa, has been visiting his
brother-in-law, H. M. Viele of this city,
since Sunday. He predicts Bryan's elec- j
tion and says McKimey cannot carry any
State west of the Missouri River.
"The backbone oi the silver sentiment,"
Secretary Walsh observed in a general dis
cussion of the political outlook from a \
Democratic standpoint; "lies in the great !
Mississippi Valley and not in the Western j
States, as the Republicans would have you \
believe, and I am satisfied that the fight i
in Mississippi has teen won and William j
J. Brvan is the victor. There is no ques- |
tion that lowa, Indiana, Illinois and 14in
nesota are for Bryan. Henry C. Payne, j
the astute politician ' who managed the
Western campaign, with headquarters iv
Chicago, until Mark Hannn took persona)
charge of the fight in | the West, conceded
that lowa and Minnosota were lost to the
Republicans. I am of the opinion that
lowa will go for Bryan by from 30,000 to
40,000 majority."
Walsh left Seattle for Chicago to-night.
*■
PARDONED f.UMVICTS MAY VOTE. |
Xot Diafranchited if Rel-axed Before
'Iheir Terms Have Expired.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Bept. 22.— District
Attorney Donnell handed County Clerk
Newlin an opinion to-day touching the
qualification of voters who have been con
victed of crimes in this State and after
ward pardoned by the Governor. Para
graph 10, subdivision 18 of section 1106, I
Political Code, provides that the County
Clerk shall examine the recprds of the
courts and cancel the names of all persons
apearine thereon who shall have been
convicted of infamous crimes, or of the
embezzlement or misappropriation of pub
lic moneys, and which convictions have
been carried inio effect. Newlin desired
to know if this section applied to persons
who have been pardoned before the expi
ration of their terms of sentence.
The District Attorney reviews the whole
matter, and holds that a pardon by the
executive of the State removes the disa
bility annexed to the offense, and in all
cases where a pardon has been granted
before the expiration of the sentence, the
names of such should not be canceled
upon the great register.
SANTA CRUZ SILVER RALLY.
Candidate for Congreea Barlow Attacks
Protection and Sound Money.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept. 22.— C. A.
Barlow, Populist and Democratic nomi
nee for Congress in the Sixth District, ad
dressed a large audience here to-night.
Barlow discussed the silver question from
an independent free coinage standpoint,
and paid his respects to the tariff question
asserting that under the protective sys
tem the country had seen hard times, ana
demanded a change in administration for
no other reason than that the money sys
tem was wrong. Speaking of Huntington
and the refunding bill, he said he was un
alterably opposed to any extension of
time; that if the Pacific roads did not pay
the roads should be taken by the Govern
ment. He was in favor of Government
ownership of railroads.
MARIN COUNTY DEMOCRATS.
— — _
Angelotii, the BepubUean Xontinee for
bupf-rior Judge, Indorsed.
SAU3ALITO, Cal., Sept. 22.— The Dem
ocratic convention or Marin County was
called to order this morning in Judge Bel
rude's hall by temporary Chairman J. H.
Wilkins. James W. Cochrane was elected
permanent chairman and Emmet Hayden
permanent secretary. Cochrane appointed
on the committee on piatform J. H. Wil
kins, James Tunstead, W. C. Mahoney,
T. H. O'Connor, J. Kelly; as a committee
on creaentiai, A. Silva (chairman), Henry
Eickoff, P. Mulvenna, E. Lucas, J. B.
ilaher.
The contest in Ban Rafael Precinct 3 was
decided by giving the delegate who re
ceived 30 vote 3 one vote in the convention,
and the six delegates who had received 28
votes two-thirds of a vote each in the con
vention.
When the nominations for Superior
Court Judge were declared in order James
W. Cocnrane offered a resolution to in
dorse the Republican nominee, Judge F.
M. Aneelotti. This was carried unani
mously. J. B. Maxwell was nominated
lor Assemblyman from Marin County; J.
Gauzza of Olema for Supervisor for Dis
trict 4, A. Bilva of 6ausaiito for District 3,
Richard Kinselia of Ban Rafael for Dis
trict 2.
MADDUX WI TH DRA WS.
The Seventh District Congressional Nom
'ii" Yields to the J-usiont»is.
MERCED, Cal., Sept. 22.— Demo
cratic Convention of the Fifty-seventh
Assembly District, composed of Merced
and Stanislaus counties, last evening
nominated J. G. Elliott of Merced for
Assemblyman. The Populists held their
joint Assembly District Convention at the
same time and indorsed the nomination
of Elliott, the conditions exacted by the
latter convention being that L. J. Mad
dux, Democratic nominee for Congress in
the Seventh District should withdraw
from the field. After the nomination and
indorsement of Elliott a letter from Mad
dux was read, he "stepping down, and
out of the Congressional contest.
McKINLAY AT COLUST.
■ . . : . ...
Republicans Gather in. Force to Hear the,
ISanta Jininn.
COLUSA, Cal., Sept. 22.— The Repub
lican campaign was formally opened here
this evening with an address by the Hon.
D. E. McKinlay of Santa Rosa. An im
mense crowd assembled from all parts of
the count j*, and the MciCinley Club of Col
lege City, accompanied by a band, was
present at the Colusa Theater when W.
Jones, chairman of the Republican County
Central Committee, called the meeting to
order. He invited ti.e following gentle
men to occupy seats on the platform:
Hon. William Ash, James Batsden,
Colonel Hager, G. W. White. Joseph
Boedefeld, D. N. Aiugcr, A. M. Newland
and Ed Packer. Mr. AlcKmiay held the
audience for over two hours and at times
was tumultuousiy applauded.
•
tuition Fail* in Xolo County.
WOODLAND, Cal., Sept. 22. — The
fusion committee from the Democratic
and Populist parties met last night to
consider the proposition made by the lat
ter party to combine on the county nomi
nees. The Populists offered to give all the
offices lor the indorsement of their nomi
nee for the Assembly. The meeting lasted
until 2 o'clock tuis morning, without com
ing to any agreement, and was one of the
stormiest ever held in this county. At the
session to-day the proposition was re
jected. The Populists are indignant and
declare they will knife the entire Demo
cratic ticket from Bryan down.
♦
liepublicnns Me*t at Krno.
RENO, New, Sept. 22.— Republican
County Convention met Here . to-day and
nominated the following county ticket:
Assemblymen, H. E. Stewart, C. Lonkey,
N. A. Hummel, Henry Stevens; Sheriff,
George Cunningham; long term Commis
sioner, W. E. Gould; short term Commis
sioner, T. G. Herman; Recorder and
Auditor, P. D. King; Clerk, Louis Bovier;
County Surveyor, A. W. Canlan; Treas
urer and District Attorney passed.
■ •
Sonoma'* Campaign Commitler.
SANTA ROSA. Cal., Sept 22.— At a
meeting of ihe Republican County t.'en
tral Committee to-day O. O. Weber was
selected as chairman 1 , J. W. Ragadaie sec
retary and J. F. fonnth treasurer. The
executive committee will consist of tbese
officers together with Frank Muther and
W. J. T. Orr of Santa Rosa, (J. H. Corbin
of Sebastopoi, Dr. N. B. Coffman of
Heaidsburg, Thomas Denny of I'etaluma
and 8. Peterson of Windsor.
J-fto Democrats in Lodi.
LODI, Cal., Sept. 22.— Local Democrats
assembled at a called meeting iast night
to organize a Btyan silver club. The
attendance was not large. When the
matter of initiation fees came up, nobody
wanted to sign the roil. Membership was
at last declared free, and then only ten
persons sgn"d as members. There is a
cloud in the D mocratic camp here to-day.
name* to Apeak at San Jose.
sa v ■men* r-.» c..» on /-<- i m
H. L. Barnes ot San Francisco will ad
dress a Republican mas.*-meetin2 to be
held Saturday night in the Auditorium
under the auspices of Santa Clara County
Republican Club. General Barnes ad
dressed a meeting in this city several
weeks ago and created a line impression.
SauMallto'a JlcKinlru Club.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Sept. 22.— The Mc-
Kinley and Hobart Club, 200 strong, of
Sausalito will hold a business meeting to
appoint an executive committee and
make arrangements for a mass-meeting to
be held on Tuesday evening. September
29. The meeting will be addressed by
prominent .Republican speakers.
Chapman Sained at Placerville.
PLACEKVILLE, Cal., Sept. 22.— The
Democratic Joint Senatorial Convention
of Placer and El Dcrado counties met
here to-day and nominated £. W. Chap
man. The Joint Populist Central Com
mittee met and indorsed the nomination.
Chapman is superintendent of the Taylor
mine.
Taylor Talks at San Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL. Cal., Sept. 22.— Colonel
C. L. Taylor, the silver-tongued Colorado
orator, spoke here to-night to a gathering
of Silverites, The meeting was well at
tended, and the Coloradan held the close
attention of his audience thronghout.
Frequently vis talk was interrupted by ap
plause. _^__^__^_^__
VANCOUVER'S DEADHOUSE
Strange Repository for Corpses
in the Canadian City's
Chinatown.
The Bodhs of E:ght Mongolians Are
Found in a Deserted
Shack.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 22.— The Jo
cal Chinatown's house of horrors haa
yielded its eighth victim. Of late the find
ing of bodies of Chinese in a certain shack
in the Mongolian quarters was a frequent
occurrence. Whether unfortunates are
murdered by highbinders or left tr-tre to
die from natural causes, abandoned by
their countrymen, is a mystery.
The empty siiack where the bodies have
been found has been the terror of nervous
white people who pass on that nide of the
street. Though many detectives have
tried to learn why this house should be
chosen by highbinders or others as a re
pository for dead, John Chinaman has
been too cute for them.
Later a policeman was set on guard and
watched the premises faithfully. This
morn in i: he took a look outside before tret
ting breakfast, and was astounded to find
body No. 8 stretched on the cold ground.
There is positively no clew as to bow the
body came there, although the dead man
was identified as a Nanaimo celestial.
There were no marks of violence about
the corpse.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1896.
DEL AMO SUED
AT LOS ANGELES
Sensational Action Against
the Spanish Vice-
Consul.
LARGE SUM INVOLVED.
Alleged Failure to Remunerate
His Confidential Agent
and Companion.
RECALLS AN OLD ROMANCE.
How the Defendant Acquired Half
of the Vast Domingarz
Estate.
LOS ANGELEB OFFICE OF THE CALL,)
328 South Broadway. V
Los Akgeles, Cal., Sept. 22.)
A suit involving some notable person
ages and possessing many peculiar features
was begun here this forenoon in the
United States District Court before Judge
Wei born and a jury. The action was
brought by Professor Maraviiia, who asks
for a judgment of $10,000 for alleged
services to Dr. Grejjorio del Amo,
Spanish Vice-Consul, who resides at Re
dondo, but whose office is on Main
street In this city. A long array of
legal talent is engaged on both sides of
the case, including Senator Stephen si.
Wnite for tiie defendant.
The alleged services of the plain liff were
rendered to Dr. del Amo in the capacity
of assistant or deputy Vice-Consul, confi
dential agent, guard and companion.
The attorney for tne professor said in
his opening statement that he proposed to
show tnat the plaintiff was employed by
tlie defendant in January. 18U0; that in
February the defendant, Dr. del Amo, in
formed the plaintiff that he was about to
marry Miss Susanna Dominguez, owning
Rattlesnake Inland, lieaondo Beach town
site and the large Douiinguez ranch, sne
posses ing a fortune of from $500,000 to
$800,000; that she bad given him a deed to
half of her interest in the property; that
the defendant did marry Miss Dominguez.
and on the day of the marriaye pave the
plaintiff a deed, executed oy Miss Domin
guez to Del Amo, to one-halt' of the prop
erty, requesting him to have it recorded
five days after they started on their bridal
tour. After recording the deed waa to be
deposited witti Bishop Mora and Father
Adam. This request was complied with
by the plaintiff. The deed was witnessed
by BibhoD Mora and Father Adam.
After their bridal tour the newly wedded
couple returned, and fearing violence from
the relatives of the bride Del Amo insisted
that Maravaila remaiu at his confidential
friend and guard. The plaintiff remained
with him until January, 1801, when l}r. del
Amo insisted upon his giving up his busi
ness as a music-teacher and remaining
with him for four years, for which ho was
to receive $10,000. The plaintiff fulfilled
his mission. It is claimed by the plaintiff
that only $1250 has been paid.
CONVENTION OF CONDUCTORS.
Grand Chief Clark Arranging for the
Annunl Excursion.
L.OS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 22.- Grand
Chief Conductor E. E. Clark of the Order
of Railway Conductors of America is now
here making preliminary arrangements
for the biennial meeting of the oraer in
this city next year. Tbe meeting will be
of the greatest importance, not only to thi*
city and Southern California out to the
State as a whole. The oraer has a division
wherever there is a railroad on the conti
nent, with associate divisions in Canada
and Mexico. Grand Chief Conductor Clark,
who is at its head, will leave to-morrow
afternoon for the north to organize a new
division at Oakland. From San Francisco
he will return East over the northern
route. Chief Clark to-day «ai 1 ;
•'The ladies' auxiliary "of the order will
be in session here at the same time. Tb*»
auxiliary is composed of the wives and
widows of members of the order. They
have a very strong organization, which
has done much L-ood, particularly in a
charitable way. There are 103 similar di
visions, and ail of them will be well rep
resented.
"I expect to see 2000 members and their
friends in the city when the order and the
auxiliary are in session. Many of the di
visions are already arranging to come to
the coast in special cars. I expect that
the representation at this" session will be
the greatest in the history of the order."
The order has a membership of 21,000.
and it is growing rapidly. In 1878 it Was
reorganized and made fair headway unitl
1890, when the present grand chief con
ductor was elected.
SEEKS PEACE IN DEATH.
Captain John R. Fletcher Attempts to
Commit Suicide.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 22.— Police
and Grand Army circles were dumfound
ed this afternoon to learn that Captain
John R. Fletcher, an old and highly es
teemed citizen and a former sergeant of
police/of this city, had attempted to com
mit suicide by shooting himself through
the head with a revolver. The deed was
committed in the bathroom of his resi
dence, on East , Fifth street, at 2:30 p.m.
'J lift bullet entered his head near the right
ear and , came out at a similar point near
the lett ear. . ■":
Captain Fletcher has suffered much since
1 the war owing to a wound received in bat
tle. Lately his suffering has greatly in
creased, and this led to the attempt upon
his life. While there Is no hope of his ulti
mate recovery he was alive at a late hour i
to-night. Fletcher was commander one
time of Logan Post of this city. He is a
member of Los Angeles Lodge No. 55, A.
o. v. w.
NOTED BUBiiLAItS TAKEN.
Two Important Arrest* Made by Loa
Augtlea Itetectivti.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 22.—Detect
ives Auble and Hawley of this city have
just closed in on two of the most success
ful and dangerous burglars that ever vis
ited Los Angeles. [ Daring the past six
weeks the homes of -, several well-known
residents have " been ; entered and ; goods
valued at 'hundreds of dollars stole i.
Hawiey and Auble not only succeeded in
recovering the stolen property but cap
tured the thieves. , \ • ,v -.,,:
The first man taicen gives the name of
J. B. Williams. He did his work at night.
He was arrested last night. The second
man was picked up on Main street this
afternoon. His name is Joe Bel isle. He
transacts his business in the daytime. He
is a well-known Eastern crook and a dan
gerous man.. _ ,". -. ■-.-.;■■
■':..' ■'.'"" ♦ *' ', .
NEWH ALL- WORTH NUPTIaLS.
Quint Wedding in the Parlor a of treat
,,• .-_ , ; tninmtcr Hotel. , : r . . .',
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 22.— Walter
Boott Newhall of San Francisco and Mrs.
>c lie Trowbridge Ainsworth of this city
wore quetly married in the parlors of the
Westminster Hotel here at 1:30 p.m. to
day, only near relations being present.
Immediately after theceremony tbe small
company sat down to luncheon, and at
2:30 o clock the bride and groom and some
of the bridal party left for Riverside. On
Thursday the couple will go to San Fran
cisco, and from there on an extended tour
through the Eastern States.
MADERA OUTLAW'S FATE.
Wil iam Laverone Sentenced to Forty-Five
Years' Imprisonment at
Fo/som.
MADERA, Cal., Sept. 22.— Judge Con
ley to-day sentenced William Lavtrone to
pass forty-five years of his life in the Fol
som Stale prison for tbe crime of robbing
J. L. Ashlev of a gold watch and etiain
and $3 in money. The hold-up occurred
in April of this year near Coarse Gold, in
this county. Laverone was at once sus
pected, and he was found shortly after
ward with the stolen property in his pos
session. He was captured in a cave near
Bates with a partner who gave his name
as John Roberts.
The officers in capturing him were com
pelled to use giant powder to blast tbe
pair out of their hole. After the capture
of the two men they were brought to town
and placed in the County Jail, where they
staid about a week, when one nicht they
dug through the jail walls into tbe jailer's
sleeping-room. The jailer awoke and
tired two shots at ihe*n, but missed his
mark, one bullet striking himself m the
arm. They then overpowered him and
pounded him on tne head with a biick
until he was unconscious, robbed him of
his pistol, watch and other personal effects
and made their escape to the mountains,
where, fora time, the combined efforts of
the MaJera and Fresno ollicers to capture
them proved unavailing.
Two months later Laverone was captured
in Trinity County and brought to Fresno,
where he has been awaiting trial since.
V« T Len his attorney was asked to-day by
tue court if he was ready for trial he stated
that it was the wish of the defendant to
waive his trial by jury and plead guilty
and have his former plea withdrawn. La
verone then stood up and the cour* im
posed a sentence.
This is the second time that Laverone
has been sentenced from this county. Two
years aiio he was sent up for grand lar
ceny, finishing his term just before he
committed his last crime. He is 21 years
of age.
SALEM CONVICT'S TALE.
"Bunko" Kelly Claims He Can
Locate Emna Merlotin's
Murderer.
To Secure Executive Clemency He
Will Cause tbe Assassin's
Arrest.
PORTLAND. Ob., Sept 22.— ex-con
vict recently released from the Baiem pen
itentiary came to Portland Sunday, and
meeting Detective Welch last evening re
lated to him some of the incidents of
"Bunko" Kelly's monotonous existence
at Salem, where he is serving a life 1 sen
tence for the murder of urge W. fiayres
in September, 1895. Among the many
commonplace . anecdotes the j ex-convict
told in reference to tbe murderer was one
of especial interest, whether true or not.
Dunn., the past year the ex-convict and
Kelly had a number of confidential chats
on Sunday afternoons, the only occasions
when the convicts can mingle with each
other in the huge stone vault used as an j
eating-room in the State prison. To pre
face the story told to Detective Walsh, the
murder of Emma Meriotin, a woman of
the town, on 1 hirdjand Yanihill streets, one
dark night in December must be recalled.
Up to this time the perpetrator 01 that
crime is unknown to the authorities, but
Detective Welch's confidential ex-convict
avers that "Bunko" Kelly, ( were he free,
could locate Emma Merlotin's assassin in
less than a month and furnish irrefutable
proof of his guilt. * '
Kelly is alleged to have said ' to this ex
convict that should be ever be the recipi
ent- of executive clemency he would de
liver the Meriotin - murderer into the
hands of the authorities, should he then
be alive, together with the "haneing"
evidence. According. to the ex-convict's
story, Kelly met the woman's assassin*,
three months after tbe commission of the
crime, in tbe Bella Union Theater, in tan
Francisco, two days before the murderer
sailed on a French bark for -Havre. Both
drang very freely that night, and in a mo
ment when the murderer lelt an irresisti
ble impulse to unburden his conscience
he related to Kelly, under a promise of se
crecy, all the horrible details of his butch
ery of the woman. Kelly did . not again
meet the fugitive murderer till the full ox
: 1893 in this city.
.Kelly also claimed to be in possession
of facts in connection with the murder of
Thomas Kennealey, in j the basement ot
the Hotel Portland, ,in November, 1886,
the perpetrators of - which crime were
never apprehended.
■ ♦
DEL MONTE'S FAKEWELL CONCERT
Sovffli Rendere Beethoven's "Moonlight
Sonata" on Organ and Piano.
DEL MONTE, Cal., Sept. 22.— Huber's
orchestra closed its summer's engagement
a; Hotel del Monte last evening. The
programme was lengthy, consisting of six
teen numbers, but the selections were ex
tremely good ami well rendered. People
from Monterey and Pacific Grove, as well
as the guests of the hotel, listened to the
lareweil concert with great interest.
Tbe greatest treat of the evening's pro
gramme was tne rendition of Beethoven's
"Moonlight Sonata" by Professor Souffli,
the pianist. This pianist's feat, if it may
be called by such a name, requires unlim
ited practice and skill. It consists of play
ing on a piano and on an organ at the
same time, using the piano for an accom
paniment. Tne two instruments are
placed at right angles to each other, and
Professor SouiHi sits immediately between
them. This is Souffli's first year at Del
Monte. He has played before many
crowned heads of Europe and was engaged
for a time as court pianist by ex-King
Kalakaua of Hawaii.
EL DORADO BANDIT CAUGHT.
Believed to Be One of the Tola Basin
Train- Hrjbber*.
PLACERVILLE, Cal., Sept. 22.-Wil
-11am Irving of El Dorado, five miles froia
here, while returning home iast evening
about dusk was followed and attacked by
a footpad. Irving felled the robber with a
rock and ran to a neighboring houne for
heir. The constable wa3 sent for and the
unconscious road agent was conveyed to
the Sheriff's office. He said his name waa
Charles Magiure.
The Sner ff says Ma^uire answers the
description of une of the men implicated
in the recent attempted tnun robbery near
Sacramento. Maguire acknowledges hav
ing been a railroad employe and leaving
bacramento six weeks ago. He had two
passenger-coach keys in hi* possession.
He was a familiar character in the Lafay
ette Saloon at Sacramento.
Death Strikes in Hoodland.
WOODLAND, Cal., Bept. 22.-John
Allen, one oi Yolo County's most highly
respected citizens, died at his residence in
Dunnigan to-day. He settled in this
county in early days and has been a resi
dent ever since. He is survived by four
sons and one daughter.
CONTESTS ON THE
STOCKTON TRACK
Pat, a Big Sorrel Gelding,
Wins the Pacing
Event.
CASTINETTE A SURPRISE
Beats Tampa, the Well-Played
Oregon Mare, at Five
Furlongs.
GREENLEAF A FAST YOUNGSTER
The Son of Imp. Greenback Captures
a Pnrse — Harness R.ces
for To- Day.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 22. -The sec
ond day of the fair saw anotner moderate
sized crowd in attendance at the track.
The programme gave district pacers an
opportunity to annex a purse, which af
forded about as much amusement as the
trot on the opening day, and there were
two events for the gallopers. The card
was just a trifle off-colored, but to-raorrow
the horses of the faster classes will score
up for the word, and as the gate will be
free to the fair ones of the opposite per
suasion a big crowd is looked for by the
directors of the society.
After traversing a long and tortuous
route, Pat, a big sorrel gelding, finally
won the pace, aided by the skillful driv
ing of Dick Havey. Castinette, an out
sider, scampered away with the five-fur
long dash, aud GreenJeaf finished ahead
of tbe other youngsters in the maiden
half-mile dash.
But three starters appoared for the word
in the pacing affair— Belle, Hazel and Pat.
The latter sold a favorite over tbe field at
odds of $10 to fl. Belle took the first heat
without much difficulty and was then dis
tanced in the heat following. Hazel
walked away from Pat in the second heat,
after which the jndges changed drivers,
Green handling Haeel and Dick Havey
holding the ribbons over the big sorrel.
After beating Pat very cleverly in the
third heat, the mare came out a trifle
P ro P?y when the bell a^ain tapped them
out, broke repeatedly and was distanced,
and Pat's owner took down the purse.
Six sprinters faced the 'barrier in the
five-furlong spin. In the closing pools the
Oreeon mare Tampa sold for $10, Mt. Roy
for $6 and tbe field for $5. Charlie Boots
and Castinette made the running the first
part of the journey. Boots soon had
enough and gave away to Tampa. Casti
nette always I eld the favorite safe, and
won handily by a nock in 1:02. Tuxedo
w»s a lair third.
The green ones in the half-mile dash for
two-year-olds did not cause a vast amount
of speculation. S. J. Dodd's pair, Utica
and Siidell, ruled favorites at $10, with the
Davis duo, Greenleaf and Ida, bringing
$6 and the field $3. Slidell showed the
way until straightened for home, when
Greenleaf got through next the rail, and
won with something to spare from the
Kvio filly in :49%. Slidell was third.
The 2:40 trot, tne 2:27 pace and the 2:19
class trot are down for decision to-morrow :
Special pace; three in five beats; parse $150.
Pat, eh. (?., cy fiologua-by .McJLcllim
(Harrison and Havey) 2 a 2 1
Hazel, b. m., by Dexter Prince (Haney
and Green) 3 1 1 d
Belle, br. m., by Alex Button (Hell
man) 1 d
Time, 2:8414-2 :29W-2:29-2:33.
Five furlongs, selling; rune $200.
La Siesta Ranch's eh. f. Casttuette, 101. by
Duke of Norfolk-Carmen (Sbepard).... -1
W. M. ASiulock's b. m. lanjoa, 110, by Chesa
peake-Alazouka (Go.d<u) a
J. s. Mclntosh's br. g. Tuxedo, 107, by Regent-
Reply (Wilson) .. .........:..... 3
Time, 1:02. v. - -- :
Charlie Boots, George IS, iIL Roy and Syndicate
also ran.
Half-ml!e. maiden two-year olds ; nurse $150.
J. T. Davis' b. c. Ureenleaf, 108. by Imp. Oreeu
back-by Kelpie (sp««nce) :.. ;:....... 1
G. Harrison's eh. f. Kylo filly, 105. by Kylo-by
Joe Hooker (O>lb«n) 2
a J. Dodd'scli. t. .-Udell, 105, by Son of Parti
san-Sally Brown (t'iynn) 3
Time. :49%.
Collation, Ida and Utica also ran.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
CLUBS.
Won.
Lost.
Per
cent.
.Baltimore.
Cleveland
Cincinnati.... ....................
Boston
Chicago.
Piltaburc....
New *"or*
PhlladelDbla
Wasalngton
Brooklyn
M. Louis.
L0ui5vi11e...... ....;.'... .; ......
«9
78
77
72
71
68
tS3
co
67
66
88
S6
37
46
50
56
67
60
M
67
70
71
89
91
.706
.629
.60 B
.£63
.654
.523
491
.473
.448
.440
.299
.a«3
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Bept. 22.— Score: Cleve
lands—3, 9, 2; Clncinnatis— 7, 12, 3. Bat
teries—Young and Zimmer, Foreman and
Vaughan. Umpire — Sheridan.
BROOKLYN, N. V., Sept. 22— Score: Brook
lyns—l, 4, 4; Bostons— 6, 9, 0. Batteries-
Kennedy and Grim, Lewis and Bergen. Um
pire — Hurst.
BALTIMORE, Mo.. Sept 22.— Score: Balti
mores—B,l4, 1; Philadelphias — 4, 10. 1. Bat
teries—B offer and Robinson, Keener and
Grady. Unpire— Horuung.
WASHINGTON", D. C, Sept 22.— Score:
Waahingtons— 7, 11, 1; New Yorks— l, 3, 3.
Batteries — McJames and Farrell, Sillivan and
Warner. Umpire — Lynch.
St. Louis-Chicago — Xo same.
Pittsburg- Louisville— No game.
ON STANFORD'S GRIDIRON.
Fair Co-Ed* Applaud the Practice Work
of Football Men.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Bept.
22.— A grand stand has been built at tbe
side of the gridiron and it is the fad
among the co-eds now to turn out in
goodly numbers to witness the work of
the football men under Coach Cross..
Last evening there were fifty men oat in
uniform, and their efforts were encour
aged by the yells of fully 500 students,
who watched the practice from the side
lines. Tbe play was spirited, but as yet
the men are new to the signals, unused to
handling tbe ball and altogether they
made a poor showing. Cross dovoted his
principal attention to the three center
men — Williams '97, Fickert '98 and Carle
'98; but he also did some work with the
halfbacks.
Cross is a good deal of a huntsman and
is anxiously awaiting tne opening of the
quail and duck season. He has already
arranged for a quail hunt with Professor
Angeli when the Ist of October makes it
permissible.
KIOIK IOS'S KENNEL SHOW.
Dogs of Fame and Sable Ancestry Placed
' on Exhibition. \
"STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 22.— Stock
ton bench show will open to-morrow. The
big pavilion was thrown open to-night,
but few exhibits are in place as the chief
effort has been made to ■ have the bench
show in readiness. A{
A number of celebrated dogs arrived to
day, among them Tammany, belonging to
liarry L. Corbetr, and the collie Dude,
owned by J. Corbett. D. J. Sinclair, who
Is acting as superintendent of the show,
hasaliiterol fox terrier puppies out of
yueen Bess, a granddaughter of the fam
ous Dudley Strother, that took the prize
at the last New York bench show. By
the noon train the great English blood
hound from the Shasta kennels came, to
gether with a great Dane, exhibited by
the same owner.
This afternoon and to-night the local
owners of hifch-bred canines that have
been entered for the show have been busy
decorating the kennels that their pets are
to occupy. More interest seems to be
taken in the bench show than in anything
cisc connected with the fair, not excepting
the races, which are not up to the stand
ard of former years.
Mazzini Bros, of Sacramento to-night
sent two fine St. Bernards that they have
entered. H. McCrackon has sent Red
Glove and will have many other noted
dogs. There are nearly 190 entries, which
include some of the most celebrated do« 8
in America that have recently been
brought from the East.
RACING IN THE EAST.
Winner* on the Su Lout* and Coney
Inland Trade*.
ST. LOUI3, Mo., Sept. 22.— Five furlongs,
Graefin won, Cralo second, Orderly third.
Time, l:o3}£
One and a sixteenth miles, Billy McKenzie
won, Constant second, John Hlckey third.
Time. 1 ;;
Six furlongs, Bridget won, Revenue second,
Bryan third. Time, 1:15%. ■
One mile, Logan won, Addle Buchanan sec
ond, Don Carillo third. Time, 1:42%. ,
Five furlongs, . The Chemist won, Tenole sec
ond, Dan Hughes third. Time, 1:02%.
Seven furlongs, Mobalaska won, Roundelay
second, Mamie G third. Time, 1 :29%.
BROOKLYN, N. Y. Sept. 21.— Coney Island
results: Five and half furlongs, Royal Rote
won, Passover second. Distinction third.
Time, 1:10.
One mile, Arapahoe won, Ingomar second,
Homespun third. Time, 1:44.
Eleven sixteenths of a mile, Cleophus won,
George Rose second, Tragedian third. Time,
X *O«J*
> One and an eighth miles. Keenan won. Lone
Beach second, Ueerslayer third. Time. 1:53 V.
Five furlongs, Preston won, Agitator second.
Tremargo third. Time, 1:04.
bix furlong*. Dulgretti won, Woodvine sec
ond, Declare third. Time, 1:17.
liaeet at Reno.
RENO, Nev., Sept. 22.— The second day
of the State Fair saw an increased attend
ance and a good day's sport. The unfin
ished trot of yesterday was won by Doc
Button in 2:25. The first race was a five
eiuhttrt of a mile dash between Drummer,
Grover C, Cnristine, Tom R. Riegai and
Dnrango. Drummer won in I:O3 V^. The
three-quarters of a mile dash was won by
Silver State.
Keno JFUjht Declared Off.
RENO, -Net., S«pt. 22.— Th« fight be
tween young Corbett and young Choynski
which was to have taken place here to
nieht was declared off. The inducement
offered was not forthcoming. Green of
fered Sideman all receipts, win or lose,
but Sideman refused.
PACIFIC vr orm a uskoed.
Sundry Bills Left Cnpaid by a Fleeing
ttestiuranter.
PACIFIC GROVE. Cal.. Sept. 22.—
Even this little city among the pines, with
its healthful and invigorating sea air, the
spot towhicn all sorts of religious organi
zations delignt to flock, hold conventions
and otherwise enjoy tnemselve*, has been
bnnkoed. it is almost an unheard-of
thing for swindling or other dishonesty
to De attempted here, and the people, be
ing themselves oi upright mind, had not
even a suspicion of mischief in their
midst
Nevertheless a man by the name of A.
B Messenger arrived in tbe Grove the lat
ter part of June and opened the Saddle
Rock restaurant. He dia a most flourish
ing business and materially intertered
with other old-established eating-houses
here. A few days ago, while the Califor
nia M. E. Conference was in session, the
restaurant was attached for a $25 plumb
iiig bill and then all came to light. The
ciainis upon Messenger poured in, and it
turns out now that from tne landlord
down to the Chinaman of whom Messen
ger purchased vegetables no one wat< paid.
The place was closed about 10 o'clock onß
morning and at 12 the Methodist diners
lined up by ihe score for their midday
meal, but only to be met at tne door with
the attachment sign. Without one excep
tion tne ministers had yellow cards enti
tline t c bearer to $5 worth of meals for
$3 50. There were no more than four or
live meals punched on any of the tickets,
and the clergymen have them yet as me
mentos. Messenger left for parts un
known.
COUNTY TAX RAXES FIXED.
Levies as Announced by the Boards of
Supervisors.
BUISUN, Cal., Sept. 22.— The Board of
Supervisors of Soi/mo County met yester
day and fixed the tax rate of" this county
at $1,171 on each fIOO worth of property.
Added to thia amount i 5 .429, tbe State
rate, making a total of $ 1 60, which is 15
cents less than the rate of iast year. Tbe
assessed values are also somewhat lower
than last year.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal.. Sept. 22.— The
Board of Supervisors has fixed the rate of
taxation for State and county purposes at
fl 45 without and $1 05 within the
corporate limits of the towns. This is a
reduction from last year's rate of 15 crntp.
The municipal rate in the cities of Red
pnnrvo-Vo a a a a 0 fl b a a o innnmnrsTnmrsyra gas inrrinnnr^tnrtiiin's v\
HOW'S YOUR LIVER?!
C LIVER When your liver is disordered imnuiu «■■>«■>«« 3
Piitei: vu m sf oUce lh * following -. ■ HUDYAN CURES i
E^T^'^iS^SSSSS' lerwM Debility— Manhood. 3
l« "Do you get dizzy?" Circulars Exolaln. . . 3
C LIVER "Have you no energy?" CALL OR WRITS ' > °
l o "I* your memory poor?" T a i *. » t» «-». ■-.«. f n _ a
C LIVER ' -Do you feel miserable?" TAINTED - BLOOD «>
g "Do you have cold feet?" * ™ *■ **-*-' UI~KJ\JLf. c
1° LIVER "Do you get tired easily?". TAINTED BLOOD First. secondary . ©
:] o "Do you have hot flushes?" -..-,.-,„ " and tertiary forms o
l o LIVER "Is your eyesight blurred?" TAIMED BLOOD of blood disorders ©
C * "Can't you explain where?" _ , -._ are manifested by ©I
C LIVER "Have you pain in the back?" TAINTED BLOOD copper-colored ©]
; E LIVEB flft bV° Ur fl6Sh SOU * Dd TAINTED BLOOD Iff? VrSSAtf ' 3
S tlm^r 700 * " Pirlt " 10 ". a TAINTED BLOOD ThToatff}^^ %
E LIVER in> thereablOatlng&ftere^ TAINTED BLOOD £$ feV^ 3
B LIVEB lo;; H ,^V yOTPalnBarOnndth « TAINTED BLOOD Si^ondTtiTyoS 3
E LITER bow D e°l,F U haTe « M » 11 »« ID TAINTED BLOOD s™VfiSb. P 5
' E :LIVEB:bo?eV. O^ h&Ve rUmbliD * lQ TAINTED BLOOD c'ure^c'aTl^^ 3
U liveb; "Is there throbbing In the ..:..: ....:........!?^ o
U LIVBR stomach?" o
|C LIVEB teSUr BUffer ° m PalDSia ! 30-DAY CURE CIRCUURs!'! %
& litkr bo'te o . übave , BcnBeof heatln ujinonij ucmpAi : lyoTifiiTr f o
jo TT - -v"^? you have palpitation of nUUdUW ffItUIUAL I IIUTE, 3
C LIVER the heart?" y-■ - • Cor. Market and Ellis Sts ' °
° *,r™ i : " I f» th ere . » general feeling of ©{
o LIVER lassitude?" ... ;?-. . Hlmv . M , ■■-:.••■ „ - «3
|S uyn> n S^" re " ! ' M "' c ' !t " 1 " , p c V f A 0? " "" ""'-known |
I HIDYAS CnreTliver Debility. MIEN"! :
0 ™ Wben you are suffering from a Liver TT* ' -•l ''■*' -^, °
| ssKtnE? should u the Remedy - H udyan Cures I
IJo -l-f- •■. .. ■]*.■■■■■■■■•■■ LOST MANHOOD, . - ©
1° i~i f<t i^l7'€Jl fl " KIDNEY DEBILITY, °
£ IlllUyalll NERVOUS DEBILITY, 3
jo -, .. .» ** LIVER DEBILITY ©
j o Call or Write for Circulars. AND DISABILITIES OF MEN °
|° — —^— ■ — — o
1 % - Oirovtlars Free Callor Write ©
I HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE i
Jo STOCKTON AND MARKET STREETS, o
.* 0 o o o a a 9 a 5 ftiULJLJLSLSLSLS^^
wood and San Mateo is $ L To this will
be added special school taxes in many
districts.
WOODLAND, Cal., Sept 22.— At a
special meeting of the Board of Super
visors of Yolo County to-day the tax rate
for tbe ensuing year was fixed atsl 18, a
decrease over last year of 12 per cent. The
apportionment is as follows: State tnnd,
.429; general, .176; hospital, .07; Balary,
.135; ?chool. .13; road, .24.
NAPA, Cal., Sept. 22.— The Board of
Supervisors has fixed the county tax rate
at $1 50 on the $100. The city tax rate is
55 cents; the rate within incorporated
towns $1 70.
SACRAMEmTO, Cal., Sept. 22.— The
Supervisors have fixed the county tax
rate at $1 20, with 25 cents added for the
road fund. This is 10 cents less than last
year's rate, and, besides, provision is made
for paying off $150,000 bonded indebted
ness. The county finances were never in
better condition."
NEWS OF SAN JOSE
Highwaymen Brutally Assault and Rob an
Aged Man— Progress of tho Parker
Case.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 22. — James
Clark, an aged man who has been em
ployed in picking grapes at Warm Springs,
Alameda County, was waylaid near that
place Saturday night by two men and
robbed of $8. Clark was knocked down
and brutally beaten and left lying uncon
scious in the road, where he was found
early the next morning by a conple of
farmers. His face is frightfully cut and
bruised, and his neck and throat are a pur
pie color from the choking he received at
the hands of his assailants. To-day Clark
swore to two John Doe robbery warrants
before Justice Dwyer. The thugs are
known, and their arrest will likely follow.
PROPONENTS GAIN A POINT.
.Evidence Hegarding Splrttualism Barred
in the barker Case.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 22. — The sub
ject of spiritualism and mediums was ven
tilated in the Parker Trill case this morn
ing. Mrs. E. Smith of San - Francisco was
on the stand, and the contestants endeav
ored to prove that Parker believed in spir
itualism, and that his mind was so weak
ened that, he consulted mediums in re
gard to bis business affairs. The propo
nents' attorneys objected to this testi
mony as being incompetent to prove the
testator's insanity. . Judge Reynolds sus
tained the objection, and said that while
a majority of the people of this country
believed in Christianity it did not follow
that a man was insane because he was a
spiritualist, agnostic or infidel. '
Shipments of Dried fruit.
SAN T JOSE, Cat*, Sept. 22.— Eastern
dried fruit shipments have commenced to
move rapidly forward. Last week the
shipments of this commodity amounted
to 1,323,500 pounds. Ot thi5 968,670 pounds
were dried prunes; dried apricots, 246,980;
dried peaches, 102,260; dried pears and
plums, 5600. Canned goods shipments
amounted to 744,480 pounds. The ship
ments of green Iruits were as follows:
Apples, 127,050 pounds; peaches, 306,320;
plums, 67,610; pcaru, 575,550; quinces,
17,590; grapes, 2700. Wine aud brandy
were shipped to tho amount of 147,200
pounds.
Stabbed in the Back.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 22.— Bonifacio
Nicoletti was stabbed in the back with a
pocket-knife by Canos Morissini in front
of the Europe Hotel ou Market street
about 9 o'clock this morning. Morissmi
asked Nicoletti for a pipeful of tobacco,
and when the latter said he had none,
Morissini drew his knife and cut him un
der the leit shoulder-blade. The knife
blade penetrated about turee-fourths of an
inco. The wound is not serious. Moris
sini was arrested and charged with as
sault with intent to commit murder. He
will be arraigned to-morrow morning.
Rain Slightly Damages Fruit.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 22.— began
raining about daylight this morning and
continued until noon, .19 of an inch fall
ing. This makes a total of L 55 inches this
season. It is feared some damage has
been done drying fruit and grapes.
■ : '■■ ■ ' - 4 :—: — .= ■'■
SANTA ROSA DELIGATION.
Louise Bnchelder's Suit Against Her
Stock Husband's Estate.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. 22.— The
trial of the two suits of Louise Bachelder
against the estate of Joseph Bachelder
was commenced to-day in the Superior
Court, The case is exciting much interest
here, the plaintiff being well known as
"Granny Bach," who considered herself
tbe wife of Joseph Bacheider for thirty
years, and did not know that she was not
the old man's legal wife until after tm
death last year. She is now suing the es
tate for thirty years' services as house
keeper for the deceased and for several
hundred dollars which she says she cave
to Bachelder at tne time of their mock
marriage, and which, she claims, was the
foundation of his fortune.
Rain Falls at Aapa.
NAPA, Cal., Sept. 22.— A heavy thun
derstorm accompanied by lightning vis
ited this section last night, and there were
frequent thunderstorms to-day.
Stanford's Registration.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Cal., Sept.
22. — The registration lists now include
958 names, and of these fully 320 are the
names of freshmen.PEKIN RETURNS
TO SAN DIEGO
The Filibustering Vessel
Manned by Famished
Sailors.
FOUR DAYS OF HUNGER
Deserted and Robbed of Their
Provisions by the Junk's
Master.
LEFT TO PERISH AT SEA.
Sequel of the Expedition to Recover
the Famous Ensenada
Gold Bar.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 22.— The junk
Pekin, which left San Diego some months
ago to carry Garrat and an elderly man
named Coleman into Lower California to
recover the gold brick stolen in Ensenada,
and which returned off shore later with
Coleman, arrived in port a»;ain this morn
ing and brought a most sensational story
of her trip and experiences. The boat to
day was in charge of Harry Lowry and
two men, and their appearance as they
landed on Jorres whan was that of wild
men, and starved wild men at that. For
four days they have been without pro
visions, and previous to that they had
been compelled to subsist on dry beans —
all that was left to them by Captain Frank
Colbert and a Mexican named Pancho,
who robbed the boat of its provisions and
deserted it and the three men at Hipolito
Bay, 500 miles south of here. When they
arrived here LoWry alone wai able to do
work as a sailor, the others being com
pletely exhausted. * In telling his story
Lowry said:
"I was on the Hongkong at Elide
Islands for guano. The Pekin, with
Captain Colbert, arrived there. That was
a'ter Coloert had landed Garrat at Ensen
ada and had returned with Coleman to
San Diego. He was running from the
authorities with his boat, the Pekin, and
had Pancbo, Grueben and Brown with him
as a crew. Colbert told me ihe wuoie story
of his trip with Garrat and Coleman. He
ovid that when he and Garrat arrived off
Ensenada they were becalmed, and about
that time the Carlos Pacheco was sighted.
Garrat became excited. 'Land me quick,
wet or dry,' be said, and he was put ashore
through the surf in a small boat. Cole
man stayed on board the Pekin. They
remained to watch for signal lights, but
saw none and lelt after twenty-four hours'
waiting. Then the Pekin pulled out for
San Diego, but remained oiu ide, and
there learned of the capture of Garrat from
a fisherman. Colbert then managed to
land Coleman in a small boat at La Playa,
inside San Diego bay, and got big pay for
it. Cieman sneaked through the brush
and left for Los Angeles.
"The Pekin then sailed south with
Colbert and the crew and joined the Hong
kong at Elide. Colbert wanted me to ship
with him on tne Pekin for tne South Sea
islands. He had a big scheme for making
money. I accepted the offer and iorfeited
$25 wages on the Hongkong and have been
borry for it ever since.
"We started for the South Seas all right
and made our first stop at Cedros. There
we were short of provisions and water.
We traded tobacco lor five wild pigs and
some provisions. We killed the pigs and
then found they were fishfed and the
meat made us all sick, so we had to throw
that stuff overboard and were short of
provisions again. But we set sail south
ward and next reached Turtle Bay. The
situation began to iook serious for us. We
nad not much to eat and the South Sea
islands were still a long way off. The
crew began to 'kick,' and we also be_an
to suspect from the actions of Captain
Colbert that he was trying to get away
from the boat and take with him tne few
provisions we had left. He had money
and if he reached land anywhere would
be all rigfct while we would be left.
"At Turtle Bay Colbert first showed his
intentions. But finally we sailed for Hip
olito Bay, which is 500 miles south of
here. Here we «aw that Colbert was be
coming desperate. His plan, it appeared,
was to take the small boat we carried with
us aud go ashore, leaving us in the big
boat. At 2 a. m. of September 4 I was
awakened by the noise of the bumping of
the small boat. I knew something was
up. I looked out of the forward hatch and
saw Colber; parading the deck with a big
dirk in his hand. Pancho was standing
by with a cocsed rifle. 'Get oack there,'
said Colbert, as I looked out. I got back.
Then I ceard Colbert and Pancho drop
over tue side and get into the small boat.
Tney rowed ashore. I got ont and found
the cabin door fastened and Brown
and Grueben were prisoners. I released
tnem. Then we looked over the boat.
Colbert and Pancho bad taken everything
— compass, clocks, guns, even our shoes
and all provision?, except a few beau.*.
We were in a bad fix. Nothing to eat and
500 miles away from home, no instru
ments to sail by and no small boat to land
with. But we started on the fifth day and
lam mighty glad we are here. One man
fell sick from hunger and the other was a
boy, ho I nad to do most of the sailing.
The weather was good and God saved us."
TRYING FIS^LIA'S SUSPECT.
[Hxtnrtsea leati/'y in JJefenae of Prisoner
Charles Antell.
VISALIA, Cal., Sept. 22.— The thirty
eighth and last witness for the prosecution
in the case of Charles Ardell, one of the
alleged Tagus train-robbery conspirators,
was questioned this morning and tl c
taking of testimony for the defense begun.
O. P. Byrd was sworn, and his testi
mony was intended to neutralize the dam
aging evidence given by Ira Hawkins, who
saw Lovren and a man closely resembling
Ardell drive out Main street early on the
morning of the attempted robbery. Byrd
was night watchman at that time. He
swore that at 1:30 o'clock that night be
left the engine-house, walked along the
alley back of Wood's store and then went
to the Bank of Visalia, where be sat for a
hall hour on the iron step. During that,
time be saw no buggy drive along Main
street except that driven by C. O. Knupp
of Tulare. On cross-examination Byrd
admitted that be did not see Ardell and
Clark pasi along the sidewalk in front of
bim, as they claim to have done.
•
IncendiarUm Aear Vallejo.
VALLEJO. Cal., Sept. 22. — Two large
stacks of hay were set on fire twice last
niubt on William Carter's ranch, north of
Vallejo, and on the second attempt they
were destroyed. A watchman on the Gov
ernment ships at the navy-yard saw two
persons po to the stacks and apply the
match. The distance was so great that he
was unable to identify them. Anton
Debner who disappeared last week, put in
the crop on snare* with Mrs. Carter, the
owner of the ranch. It ib supposed that
persons to whom Debner owed money set
the fire for fear Debner would dispose of
the crop and they fail to get their money.
MOUNT LOWE DISCOFERIEN.
I>r. Lexcis Swift Sight, Two Wanderers
of the Skies.
PASADENA, Cal., Sept. 22.— Dr. Lewis
Swift, the astronomer in charge of Mount
Lowe Observatory, has discovered two new
comets. Tne larger and brighter he first
si-hted last Sunday night, but he got a
better view last night, just before sunset,
while the sun was hidden by the moun
tains. It was about one degree from the
bun.
Sauanlito Yacht's Mission.
BAUBALITO, Cal., Sept. 22.— The hand
some schooner yacht Ramona, owned by
Commodore W. F. McCarthy, which de
parted from Sausalito some weeks ago for
the coast of Mexico, yesterday passed
Port Harford, in Santa Barbara County. It
is whispered that the yacht will never re
turn to> American waters, but will be sold
to the Mexican Government, will fiy the
Mexican flag and be used as a guarda
costa or gunboat. The yacht is over sixty
feet in length and is noted for its fleet
ness on the water. Commodore McCarthy
is now in Japan. The little vessel is
manned by his brother, four seamen and
a cook.
O-enernl Miles at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 22.— General
Nflson A. Miles arrived in Seattle this
morning from Yellowstone Park and pro
ceeded at once to an examination of the
various proposed army posts and battery
locations. The object of his visit to Puget
Sound is to select permanent s tes from
among the number recommended by the
Government engineers. Tiiis work con
cluded, General Miles and party will leave
Seattle to-morrow night for Portland and
San Francisco. From the latter city they
go to New Mexico and thence Ea«t via
Fort Riley, Kans.
Hail FmtaWu Xear Gridley.
CHICO, Cal., Sept. 22.— The section
boss on the Gridley section while making
a tour of inspection yesterday found
tne body of an unknown man on tne track
near Gridley. It was mangled beyond
recognition. Boih arras were severed, the
left leg cut off at the knee and the right
leg near the foot. The only evidence
which may lead to his identity was a card
found in one of his pockets on which "M.
L. Langan, Washington House," Marys
ville," was written.
Tragedy at Spokane.
BPOKANE, Wash., Sept. 22.— Blanche
Giles, the divorced wife of S. C. Giles, tried
to kill him this morning by shooting him
twice in the temple with a revolver. Both
bullets glanced and he will survive. The
trouble arose over a kiss. Though di
vorced a few months ago, they began liv
ing together two weeks ago without the
formality of a remarriage. This morning
she asked him to kiss her. He refused.
She got out of bed, secured a revolver and
fired at him.
I.Uctrlc Raiitciiy for Sonoma.
SANTA ROSA, Cal.. Bept. 22.— At a
meeting of the Board of Supervisors to
day N. W. Griswold and others were
a ranted a franchise for an electric road
from Sonoma to this city, and from here
through Knights Valley to the Napa
County Hue. The roadbed is to run 11)4
feet from the center of the county roao,
and where the county road is too narrow
to permit this the promoters are to pro
vide the additional right of way.
To Train Aaval Jieanrveg.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 22.—Me
chanical Engineer Christie of the Union
Iron Works was appointed chief engineer
of the Naval Battalion of San Fran
cisco and will immediately proceed to
organize a corps of mechanical engineers
and firemen so that in the future the Na
val Battalion will be enabled to fully man
any war vessel, should necessity for so do
ing arise.
Earthquake* in A'orthem Japan.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 22.— Press ad
vices by the Empress of India report
serious earthquake disturbances and
floods throughout the northern provinces
of Japan, involving the destruction of up
ward of 1000 houses, the loss of several
hundred lives and mucti distress among
the survivors. The Government has in
augurated a systematic plan of relief.
FISH COMMISSIONER.
They Present Their Biennial Report to
the Governor.
The Board of Fish Commissioners has
forwarded to Governor Budd the four
teentn biennial report of the work of the
commission. The report states that the
work of the commission is steadily in
creasing and its field of usefulness rap
idly extending. The board has increased
the hatcheries by the addition ol the Bat
tle Creek, Tallac and Wawona stations,
which are better equiDped than ever
before. The total output of fish for the
two years was 27,268,881. The fish indus
try, considered from a commercial point,
h&a greatly increased. Jn 1889 the catch
was 53,505,055 pounds, valued at $2,465,317.
In 1892 it was 57,838,466 pounds, valued at
$3,022,991. The report of the United States
Fish Commission, now being compiled,
shows a remarkable advance over all
previous years.
The report deals at length with the in
crease in the various families of fish
brought from abroad and planted in Cali
fornia waters, as well as native fish,
Lobsters, crawfish, clams, oysters, etc,
also received special mention. Under the
head of fish exports from San Francisco
the report shows that last year they
amounted to $2,583,468, an increase of over
$400,000 over the exports of 1892. Relative
to protecting the fish the document reads:
In the enforcement of the laws we have done
all that was possible, and while not claiming
to have covered all of the territory under our
jurisdiction, which would be impossible with
ten times as many men as our funds will per
mit of our employing, we do claim to have
given the food hshes all the protection the law
calls for and to have so placed our men that
the best service was rendered to the most im
portant interests placed in our charge.
The board in its report made a suggestion
that the members hope will be acted upon.
it states that the extensiveness of the ter
ritory to be covered makes it impossible to
handle all of the business attached to the
present commission. In nearly all other
States the fish and game are under the
care of separate commissions. The same
should be the case in Ca;ifornia. The
board suggested tn at the Legislature should
pass an act creating the office of State
Game Warden, who should have ten as
sistants, wnose duties should be the en
forcement of the game and fish laws. This
would give the Fish Commission a better
opportunity to attend to the propagation
of fish and the stocking oi streams and
lakes.
The commissioners also suggest that the
use of explosives in killing fish be made a
felony, instead of a misdemeanor. Another
sugjreation is that the present law be so
amended that the season for shooting and
for selling wild ducks be the same. At
present ducks may be shot for four months
and sold only during two months. Popu
lar sentiment is against this arrangement,
and the law cannot be enforced.
A Fust Sprinter.
C. C. Lee of Chicago, with his trainer, Jack
Gibson, is in this City en route to Australia.
Lee isre^dy to meet any man ia this State in
a race from 100 yards to three miles. It is
said that Lee is the best professional distance
runner In America, heudersoii, who was at
one time the champion amateur sprinter of
the Olympic Club, is reported to be in Aus
tralia.
An Old Man Mining
Michael Feenan, a resident of 729 Four
teenth street, tins been missing since last
Tuesday, the 15th lust. Mr. Feenan is 70
years old: his right side is partly paralyzed
and be is almost totally blind and wears gog
gles. He had no pocket money to speak of
His family is much distressed at ills continued
absence. r
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA"LL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1896.
RUNS ASHORE ON
TEN-MILE POUT
The Steamship Chittagong
Loses Its Course in
a Fog.
FAST ON THE ROCKS.
Disaster to the Oriental Liner
at the Victoria Harbor
Entrance.
MAY FLOAT AT HIGH TIDE.
The Big Vessel Not Believed to Be in
Danger— Extent of Damage
Unknown
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 22.— The mourn
ful tolling of the fog-bell at the entrance
to Victoria harbor has become a familiar
though hateful sound during the past few
days, and to-day's weather was unani
mously voted the "dirtiest" yet by the few
navigators who did succeed in making
port. The most serious mishap directly
attributable to the fog befell the big Oregon
Railway and Navigation liner Cbittagong,
and that vessel is at present hanging by
her nose on Ten-mile Point, at the en
trance to Cadboro Bay, waiting for the
high tide to-morrow morning to float her
again. She had loaded at Portland a full
cargo of flour and bark, the latter on top,
and was, when the mishap occurred, on
her way to Com ox for coal to carry her
back to the Orient
Captain Hughes was off duty, having
temporarily resigned command to Captain
Corfield, his first officer, with the inten
tion of boarding the ship as she passed
outward after coaling. Considerable trou
ble was experienced with the fog on tne
way up from the Columbia, and passing
Race Recks and Victoria last night it was
too thick for the looked-for pilot to locate
the ship or the steamer to locate the pilot.
Under these circumstances Captain Cor
field was proceeding at slow speed, just
keeping the wheels turning, and taking
regular soundings as he advanced. Ten
minutes before the steamer struck the lead
found sixty-two fathoms of water. Then
there came a sharp concussion, and the
big freighter was piled upon a ledge of
rocks, just above Ten-mile Point, bow on
and listing a trifle to port.
The engines were immediately reversed,
but the vessel was held by her weight ana
could not be moved, beveral attempts
were made to free her by ihe use of the
engines, but all were ineffectual, and Cap
tain Corfield came to town and reported
his predicament to Captain Gaudin, agent
of the Marine Department, by whom he
was advised to lignten his ship forward as
much as possible, until it could be ascer
tained how firmly she was held.
Returning to the .-teamer. the young
skipper found her resting on an even keel,
held about six feet from the bow and
swinging easily.
When the cargo, fortunately light, had
been shifted aft she hung by the nose only,
and it is generally believed that she will
fl at off without assistance at high tide,
which will be about 5 a. m., the tide hav
ing been just at the turn and low when
she went on. Should she require assistance
during the night it can be readily ob
tained.
The Chittagong is one of the best-known
regular line freighters visiting these wa
ters. She is an iron screw steamer of 1241
tons, rated 100 Am Lloyds and owned by
Peter Henderson <fe Co. "of Glasgow. She
is fifteen years o!d and for some time past
has been under charter to the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company and
employed in its American-Oriental service.
The extent of the damage to the steamer
will not be known until she is floated.
UNION LABOR PREVAILS.
The Great Register Will Be
Printed Under the Direction
of the Unions.
Employes Compel the Boss Printers
to Come to Reasonable
Rates.
Union labor had a hearing before the
Election Commission yesterday, and it
won its point. The commission decided
that the great register could not be printed
unless vi.ion labor were employed.
The Mayor desired to award the con
tract for printing the precinct registers to
E. Heringhi <fe Co., money-lenders and
dealers in Japanese goods. He said he be
lieved that labor unions should exist, but
that Heringhi <fc Co. should get the con
tract, as they were the lowest bidders.
Creswell said he was opposed to letting the
contract to any firm which would take the
work out of the City, and he said he had
reason to believe that Hennghi would
do so.
Creswell followed up these remarks by
moving that all bids be rejected and that
the board advertise for others. It was
expressed in the resolution at his sugges
tion that only companies hiring union
labor need apply. Mr. Creswell nad a line
inserted which forbids the work being
taken oat of the City.
Creswell's motion to give printers three
days in which to file new bids was also
adopted.
MINES ON THE FRESNO.
Activity In the Grub Gulch and Potter
Ridge Mining District*.
'•There is a great deal of activity in the
Grub mining district," said John 8. Wil
bur, a well-known mining man of this
City, who arrived a few days since from
the mines on the line of the Fresno River.
'There is also considerable activity in the
Potter Ridge district in that vicinity.
That district is about 14, miles long by 4
wide and is a somewhat rocky country.
There is in that section of the country the
Gambetta mine, the Mammoth, the Buck
skin, the Starlight and the Soiano, which
are all in operation, except the last, where
the water bupply failed. The old 'Lucky
Bill 1 mine in the Potter Ridge district
will soon be operated by a company that
Has changed its name to the Syndicate
and Safe Deposit. This mine, winch was
worked in a orimitive fashion witb an
arastra, produced some $50,000 in four
years, but the owners quarreled among
themselves and were forced to selJ. This
is to be worked by home labor, not as some
of the mines s^ld to English syndicates
who bring out their English miners and
send all the products to England.
-'The district is on the south side of the
Fresno River, on the line ol the Raymond
road to Yosemite Valley, and is : not a
great distance from tho Fresno terminus
of the San Joaqain Valley road. The ore
that is obtained from the mines in that
section is of the quality known at free
milling, and produces good results.
"The mines give employment to a large
number of miners, and when the mine I
have named is reopened it will give many
more men a chance. The lode on which
the mines are located is from twelve to
fifteen feet wide and of great depth. Some
of the mines are now down 500 feel."
» m ■» _
MARRIED IN COURT.
Judge Campbell Keeps Up His Reputa
tion a» a Matchmaker.
Antone Bjerke, a carpenter, was ar
rested Monday night on a warrant charg
ing him with battery. The complaining
witness was Helena Anderson, 48 Clara
street, with whom Bjerke had been living
for over a year.
The case was called in Judge Camp
bell's court yesterday morning, and after
hearing the evidence the Judge told Bjerke
he ought to be ashamed of himself. Bjerke
expressed his contrition and the Judge
said he would dismiss the case if Bjerke
would marry the woman and promise to
treat her kindly.
Bjerke gave the required promise at
once and, accompanied by Policeman
Coughlan, he went to the office of "Cupid"
Danforth and procured the necessary li
cense. The woman was waiting in court
and a few minutes later she and Bjerke
were joined together in the bonds of mat
rimony by Justice of the Peace Groe
zinger.
♦ ♦ »
NOW FOR FOLK STREET.
Resident! on That Thoroughfare to
Adopt Progesftive Measures.
The Polk-street Improvement Club was
organized last evening at 1605 Polk street
j N. Bibo was selected as temporary chair
| man, R. Dross secretary aud G. T. Roberts
j treasurer. The chairman stated that the
| purpose of the organization was to effect
j a general improvement on Polk street,
from Sutter to Pacific.
An executive committee composed of
E. Bernheim, John Quinn, W. Bradbury,
Val Schmidt and I*. Schneider was ap
pointed to taice up the work and to nomi
nate permanent officers of the club. About
thirty-four property-owners and residents
I of Polk street joined the organization,
which will be made permanent next Mon
day eight. __^____^__^_
ASSAULTED AND ROBBED.
Mrs. Hughes, 1304 Post Street,
the Victim oi a Foot
pad.
He Struck Her on the Chest and
Snatched Her Satchel Oat of
Her Hand.
Mrs. Hughes, 1304 Post street, was at
tacked by a footpad and robbed, on Frank
lin and Geary streets, about 9 o'clock last
night.
She Is a partner in the firm of Mallory &
Hughes, room-renting agents, 22J^ Geary
street. She worked Jate last night, leav
ing the office between 8 ana 9 o'clock with
a lady friend. She, as usual, carried a
I hand-saichel. which contained a purse
I containing between $40 and $50, paid by
j customers during the day, and her private
purse with a few pieces of silver in it.
They walked leisurely along Geary street
till they reached the Unitarian Church on
the southwest corner of Franklin and
Geary. They had arranged to call upon a
friend on McAllister street, and Mrs.
Hughes left her companion on the corner
till she went home and left the purse with
the money.
She had observed a tall youne man fol
lowing her and her friend, "and that made
her walk hurriedly north on Franklin.
She had reached half way along the block,
when the tall young man ran swiftly up
behind her and struck her a violent blow
with his clenched fist on the chest, almost
taking her breath away. She gasped and
i mechanically pressed both her bands upon
! her chest. The robber seized hold of her
j satchel with both hands and wrenched it
from her grasp.
The streets were shrouded in darkness
and no one was near by to render Mrs.
Hughes any assistance except her lady
friend, who was too scared to do anything.
Her assailant rushed down Franklin
street, followed by Mrs. Hughes, who
screamed "Stop ihief!" and disappeared
into an alley between Geary and O'Far
reli streets. He made his escane.
Mrs. Hughes immediately went to po
lice headquarters and reported the rob
bery, cue was unable to give anything
like a correct description of the robber,
•who, she thinks, must have known that
she usually carried money in her satchel.
Hahn, Levy & Co. Attached.
An attachment for $12,369 has been filed by
Daniel Meyer against Joseph Levy, doing busi
ness at 412 Sacramento street under the firm
name of Hahn, Levy & Co. While Daniel
Meyer is the attaching creditor, the amount
represented by his suit includes debis due to
the London, Paris and American Baulc and to
smaller parties who assigned tneir claims to
Daniel Meyer. The bank's claim is about
¥2000 and Daniel Meyer's is about the same
amount. The concern is in the wholesale
cigar and tobacco business. Hard times are as
signed by Mr. Rosenbaum of Rosenbaum A
Scheeline, attorneys for the credi'ors, as the
reason for the failure. Hahn, Levy & Co. for
merly transacted business on Battery street
and removed about six months ago to Sacra
mento street ,
Starting More Steamship Lines.
Captain William Chrichton of the Nippon
Yusen Kaisha, a royal Japanese Mail Steamship
Company, is here on his way home from Eng
land. His line is the one which has just estab
lished a line to Seattle from Yokohama and
made arrangements for another from the same
city to San Diego.
Captain Chrichton says his company has
justestablisned another line of steamers from
London and Antwerp, and that in October it
will establish another from Japan to Australia
Anglers for Kel River.
John Butler, with his wife and daughter,
Dr. yon Hoffman, L. Meyers and Frank Marcus,
departed yesterday on the steamer Pomona
lor Eel River. They will be mjt at Scotia by
John Gallagher of Oakland and Mr Pitchtr ot
Sfin Mateo, who have been rusticating on the
river for the past four weeks and enjoying ex
cellent sport.
Cavill to Try Another Great Foat.
Stimulated by his remarkable success in
swimming across the Golden Gate last Satur
day. Charles Cavill, the world-renowned swim
mer, will on the coming Sunday attempt to
swim from the Sulro baths around the Seal
Rocks, a feat beset with ereat danger and
which has never heretofore been accom
plished.
Insolvent l>ebtors.
G. A. Nagel, a contractor, yesterday filed a
petition in insolvency. He owes $1126 30
and has no assets.
F. C. Baker, a porcelain decorator, is also in
solvent. He owes $717 36 and has no assets
Thomas Lawrence, a railroad man owes $4riß4 r iB
and has no assets. >«~»*»
Grand Larceny Charred.
Mamie Colby was arrested yesterday after*
noon on a warrant charging her wiih grand
larceny. The complaining witness is George
Lynch and he alleges that Mamie took him to
her room on Market street Monday ni*ht and
stole $140 from his pockets. 3 g l and
Socialist Labor Party.
On Monday evening the socialist branches
of this City will hold a joint mass-meeting at
115 Turk street to verify the Socialist Labor
party's large list of signatures to its nomina
tion . petition for a piace ou the municipal
ticket. r
— <■ »
i/iANScn watches. Jewelry, silverware, at Uucle
Harris', 16 Oraat avenue.
I
EMMA ASHLEY'S STORY.
She Tells of Her Struggles in
Bebalf of Her Sister
Lillian.
An Insanity Expert Testifies That the
Prisoner Is Incompetent
Mentally.
Emma A. Ashley testified in her own
behalf yesterday. Calmly, decisively con
vincingly, she told her story. So iamiliar
to her mind are the facts of her sister's
relations with E. J. Baldwin and so recent
the memory of their miserable lot during
the celebrated trial that terminated in the
atteinnt on the life of her millionaire ene
my that she rattled along, under her at
torney's guidance, with the volubility of a
phonograph and with almost as much im
passiveness.
In answer to General Friedrich's ques
tions, the flaxen-haired defendant told of
the main incidents of a life that, up. to
two years ago, was almost uneventful.
She spoke of her religious views and her
constant reading of her Bible, and then
came to her trip to California. The shock
she experienced when she found her sister
a mother, though not a wife, the struggle
of the pair to obtain a livelihood in Pasa
dena, and finally the journey to San Fran
cisco were gone into.
"During the six weeks of the trial," said
Miss Ashley, "we only once tasted fresh
moat. We lived on tea and bread, and
once in a long while a little ham. The
baby was nervous and restless and pleaded
for what we could not give her. When a
vegetable peddler would go by the house
crying his wares she would run to the
window and tease and beg for strawberries
or fruit."
Thu witness expressed a firm belief in
her sister's innocence of the charges
brought against her and told in detail of
her attendance at the trial of the suit
against Baldwin. She explained that from
the evening of Juiy 1 to the time she ap
peared in the police court her mind was a
blank, and that she had absolutely no
recollection of the shooting.
At the morning session Lillian Ashley
was recalled to answer a few questions,
and then Dr. H. A. Giimore took the
stand. In answer to a long hypothetical
question, presenting the facts in the pres
ent case, he answered that he believed
that such a person would have been
insane.
Tiie testimony given by E. J. Baldwin
at the preliminary examination was read
to the jury, and Reuben Lloyd, one of his
attorneys, retold the well- worn story of the
assault. Court then adjourned until this
morning at 10 o'clock.
THE BARON DE BATZ.
A Nobleman Commends the Mines of
the Distant Amoor, From 'Which
He Comes.
The Baron de Batz of Russia, who has
had a long experience in mining in Amer
ica and elsewhere, and who is one of the
best-informed mining engineers in the
country, is at the Palace.
He arrived here on the steamer Doric
yesterday from the Amoor River, in
Siberia, where he has been carrying on
gold placer rrining. He is now on his
way to Bt. Petersburg on matters pertain
ing to those far-away mines.
The Baron is no stranger on the Pacific
Coast and in the imermountain region.
He was for four years in Montana, where
be carried on large operations.
"Those mines of the Amoor River," said
the Baron yesterday, "are quite rich.
They are all placer mines where I was,
and five companies are at work. Of
these three are big and wealthy. The
Russian Government does not permit
Americans to mine there. I think well
of the country ana believe it will prove
very rich."
The Baron will only be here for a short
time.
FOR HOMELESS CHILDREN.
The Youths' Directory Fair Will Be
Opened To-Morrow Evening.
Father Crowley and a large committee
of energetic workers are preparing for a
grand festival to be held in aid of the
Youths' Directory. The festival will be
held in Armory Hall, on Market street,
near Tenth. It will be opened to the pub
lic to-morrow evening and continue until
October 10th. By this evening the booths,
seventeen in number, will be all ready for
occupancy. They will be arranged with
great artistic taste.
Last evening the committees held their
final meeting before the opening and
completed all arrangements. James R.
Kelly presided and Miss N. M. Sullivan
officiated as secretary. Reports were
made that several large sums of money
had been collected to help along in the
good cause. The booths will be tilled
with everything useful and ornamental
that a purchasing public could desire.
Among the articles to be sold and raffled
are two or three pianos and a horse and
buggy.
On each evening there will be a vocal
and instrumental concert, a host of pro
fessional talent having volunteered their
services. Father Prendergast will for
mally open the festival and deliver the
address of welcome. The Letter-carriers'
band will be in attendance on the first
evening.
Orphanage Election.
The board of directors of the Fred Finch
Orphanage which was appointed by the Meth
odist Episcopal conference at Pacific Grove
met Monday to elect officers. The board
consisis ol R. Bentley, D.D. ; H. B. Heacock,
D.D ; E. H. Dille, D.D.; I. J. Truman, John
Kirby, D.D.; Joseph F. Forderer, C. B. Perkins.
The following officers were elected: R. Bent
ley, D.D., Berkeley, president; H. a. Heacock,
D.D. , Santa Clara, vice-president; E. R. Dille,
D.D.,Snn Francisco, secretary ; I. J. Trumanj
Mills building, Snn Francisco, treasurer. The
following advisory board was elected: Rev.
John Kirby; John Coyle, D.D.; M. C. Harris
D.D. ; F. J. Masters, D.D. ; Bishop J. p. New
man, D.D., LL.D.: Rev. A. T. Need ham, Rev.
S. G. Gale, Rev. George Guth, Rev. C. J. Lar
sen, Rev. A. J. Gustafsen. The board of man
agers appointed were: Mrs. D. B. Finch, Mrs.
John Larkey. Mrs. C. H. Holt, Mrs. a Hacklev
Mrs. H. G. Biasdel, Mrs. W. B. Ciuft", Mrs. P. G.
Buchanan, Mrs. M. de Witt. Mr>. I. J. Truman
Mrs. Wttlkerley Burbank, Mrs. F. D. Bovard,
(i. T. Watterxon, A. Kummer, D D
Mrs. T. O. Lewis, W. W. Case, D.D., Mrs. J. Rob
inson. F D. Bovard, D.D., Mrs. William John-
Mrs. G. T. Watterson, S. J. Carroll, D.D., Mrs.
R. Bentley, Mrs. Otis Gibson, Mrs. A. Kum
raer, W. S. Matthew, D.D., Mrs. R. McElroy
Mrs. Hurriet Kentfield, Mrs. M. A. Freeze Mrs
L. J. Hardy, Mrs. R. V. Watt, Mrs. C. B. Per
NEW TO-DAT.
KIT 1 i i i i *¥¥¥*¥*¥**¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ rrinr¥¥¥K
.;•; .— .- •- ■■ ■ .■■-■• ' •*."'*"- ■'■■■'•
I eWorld's Best Natural Aperient Water 2
>;. :;. § .; ■ ; ;,, . :■■ - :. •■ ■: - ■ ■«£
I ISiiEyEdi Jftnos I
. ■ ■ c«
» Buyers should not allow any other water to be substituted, m
"% ■ csj^jjj^&^ry but INSIST upon having the S
I .^MbM^^M^ GENUINE bearing on the blue |
* <S/^K§&^ W&* label the si £ nature of the firm *
I w^l/Sl®!l^Ju^^' Andreas Saxlenner S
kins, Mrs. S. J. Carroll. Mrs. Elizabeth Schwan,
E. McCllsh, D.D., Rev. George \V. Beatty. Mrs.
John Tregloan, ex-Goveruor H. G. Blasdell,
Mrs. C. C. Lombard, Miss Collins, Rev. M. F.
Colburn, Miss Elizabeth Finch Bartlett, Rev.
J. D. Hammond, U.D., Rev. J. W. Fhelps, Mrs.
J. P. Newman, Rev. C. G. Milnes, Rev. F. F.
Jewell, D.D., Mrs. J. C. Jordan, Miss Grace
Playter, C. C. Lombard. Mrs. Willis Bledsoe,
Mrs. C. G. iiilnes, Rev. John Stephens.
— — •—• — * — •
MORE CHASTER QUESTIONS.
A. Continuation of thje Queries of the
Association.
These further questions on the subject
of the charter have been submitted by the
Citizens' Charter Association. They are
headed :
CHAPTER IIL
CREATION OF THE CHARTER.
How was the new chatter created?
In accordance with section 8, article XI of
the coastitution of California.
Who made the charter?
A board of fifteen citizens, subsequently re
duced to twelve, chosen and elected by the
people on November 6, 1894
How were these twelve citizens selected?
They were selected from well-known free
holders or property-owners of San Francisco,
without regard to politics and elected by the
people of the entire City.
When did they comple their work?
The charter was completed and submitted
by the Freeholders on February 4, 1895.
How long Is the new charter ?
It is an ordinary sized pamphlet, containing
213 pages, easily read within four hours.
How long is the present consolidation act ?
It Is at least three times as long as the char
ter, and very difficult of comprehension.
How is the new charter divided ?
Into fourteen distinct articles, defining
clearly the rights, powers and duties of caca
department of the City Government.
Is the charter an original production T
No. It simply follows the main lines laid
down in the best modern charters of the most
progressive cities of the United States, such as
New York, Brooklyn, Boston, Buffalo, Detroit,
St. Louis and St. Paul.
When will the new charter be voted upon ?
The citizens of San Francisco will vote upon
the charter at the general election on Novem
ber 3 of tnls year.
If ratiUea by the people what further step is
necessary before it goes into effect?
It must be approved as a whole by a majority
of both houses of the Legislature of the State.
When will the new charter go into effect ?
If approved by the Legislature before April,
1897. it will go into eff. ct July, 1897, other
wise not until January, 1599.
Can the charter be amended or changed after
its adoption ?
Yes. Section 8, article XI, of the constitu
tion of California provides that the charter
can de amended every two years by a three
fifths vote ol the people and approval by the
Legislature. It may be altogether changed
whenever the people wish.
CHAPTER IV.
ELECTIVE AND APPOINTIVE OFFICERS.
What are the elective' officers of San Fran
cisco under the new charter?
Supervisors, Mayor, Auditor, Treasurer, As
sessor. District Attorney, Sheriff, Superintend
ent of Schools and Superior Judges.
Where are the provisions for their election?
In the constitution and general laws of the
State of California.
What does the charter say about the election
of these officers?
It simply mentions the appointed officers and
leaves all others to b • elected as at present.
Are there auy other municipal officers who
will continue to be elected?
Yes; the County Clerk, Recorder, Tax Col
lector, Coroner, Justice of the Peace, Police
Judges and Board of Education will continue
to be elected until the constitution of Califor
nia is amended so as to permit of their appoint
ment.
Will such an amendment to the constitution
be submitted to the people?
Yes; constitutional amendment No. 5, that
will be voted upon by the people of California
at the general election, November 3, this year,
will effect this very result.
What officers will be appointed under the
charter?
City Attorney, Library Trustees, Board of
Public Works, Board of Health and the Com
missioners of Police, Fire, Election, Park and
Civil Service.
How do these officials now acquire office?
Those that now exist are ah appointed ex
cept the first.
(To be Continued.)
OAKLAND OFFICIALS.
Two of Them Are Prevented From
Enjoying a Four- Year Term.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the
judgment of the lower tribunal in the case
of The People, ex relatione W. N. Miller
and R. A. Hughes against John L. Davie
et al. and the City of Oakland. The action
was instituted in the nature of a qno war
ranto proceeding to test the title to office
of the present Board of Public Works of
the City of Oakland. The members of the
board claim title to office under certain
amendments to the city charter, Miller
and Hughes, former members of the
board, who were deprived of their office
in virtue of the said amendments, claim
ing that the election at which the amend
ments were voted upon was not authorized
by law, and, even if it were legal, that
they were entitled to hold office for a full
term of four years.
Justice Garoutte in his opinion enters
fully into the particulars of the election
attacked by Messrs. Hughes and Miller,
and with the concurrence of Justices Van
Fleet and Harrison, decides that it was
legal and the amendments voted For were
binding. This being the case, the second
contention of the appellants was held
untenable, the amendmeuts distinctly
provididg for biennial city elections and
impliedly abolishing four - year terms.
Hence Messrs. Miller and Hughes are no
longer "in it."
THE RICHMOND DISTRICT.
Various matters Discussed by the Point
Lobos Improvement Club.
The Point Lobos Improvement Club met
last night and discussed the improvement
of the Richmond district.
The Merchants' Exchange Association
announced by letter its intention to re
move dangerous telegraph-poles on Point
Lobos avenue.
The executive committee was instructed
to inquire into what method could be
adopted to prevent sand from drifting on
to Twenty-fourth avenue.
Mr. Crosswaite complained of unruly
boys in the night school and said that
there ought to be a male teacher there, as
the boys did not respect a woman teacher
and used the vilest kind of language in her
presence, and also beat and injured good
boys. It was decided to call the attention
of the Superintendent of Schools to ihe
matter.
F. D. Neuberry, a member of the clnb,
was indorsed for the office of City and
County Surveyor.
Secretary Johnson reported that the
Federal Improvement CJubs had decided
to vote against proposed amendment 1
to the constitution in regard to mortgages,
on the ground that it would be double lax.
ation.
NEW OUTFITS.
The Uniform Board Will Ask for a
Complete Equipment of the
Militiamen.
The uniform board of the National
Guard of California met Monday at the
California Hotel, and decided to recom
mend a complete new service outfit, in
cluding blankets and overcoats, besides a
mess kit for each pompany.
As the rifles now in use are of the model
of 1873, they also decided to ask the Na
tional Government, for the 1884 model.
The members discussed other phases ol
equipment which they will hereafter take
up. Colonels Fairbanks, Nunan and Cur
rier constitute the board.
''The rifles which we are now using,"
said Colonel Currier, "are nearly all twen
ty-three years old. Of course, when you
say that you say a great deal. They are
away behind tli'e times. So wo thought
it was only due us to get something bet
ter if we could.
"We did not think it well to recommend
so costly a gun as the Krag-Jorgenson or
some such pattern, so we have decided to
suggest the rifle of 1884 and to ask the
National Government to furnish them, if
it will. We will make other rcommenda
tions at a future time."
A Suffrage Night.
On Saturday evening last the veterans at
Yountville Home were given a literary and
social treat by a company ot distinguished
suffragists. Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt, Mrs.
Nellie Holbrook Bli nn. Miss Mary G. Hay and
others, accompanied by Director Charles H.
Blinn, went up on tne afternoon train, and In
the evening; Mrs. Catt delivered an address,
Nellie Holbrook Blinn gave several recita
tions, Miss Maybelle Holbrook, violin solos,
accompanied by Mrs. Lee La Rue. Several
duets and the singing of war songs Inter
spersed the entertainment and the 600 veter
ans pledged themselves to the woman's cause.
HEW TO-DAT.
Headquarters .' ■) t C,
California Silver Campaign Comviittek, >
Baldwin Hotel. )
SILVER MEN
TO THE FRONT!
METROPOLITAN HALL,
Wednesday Evening, September 23, 1896,
HON. J. J. DWYER,
The .Eloquent and Convincing Orator,
WILL ADDRESS THE MEETING.
MUSIC ASD (jleTclcb SISGISG.
All Silver Clubs are invited to be present.
SHALL AMERICAN VOTERS
BE INTIMIDATED?
The Silver Kule :
FREE COINAGE. FREE VOTERS,
FREE CONSCIENCES.
WIXIiIAM P. IiAWIjOK,
■ Chairman Campaign Committee. '
Things That Grow.
It is an old familiar saying that. "Largo
oaks from little acorns grow." This may
be variously applied.
For instance, a man may have a gonor-
rbceal trouble which, in its inception, is a
very simple disease. With prompt and
proper treatment it can be easily cured in
a very short time. But without that kind
of treatment it often leads to diseases as
serious and complicated as any that af-
flicts the human body.
The trouble is that the patient tries to
be his own doctor, tries to cure himself,
or, what is still worse, he resorts to some
cheap quack remedy.
[ As a result his gonorrhoea soon becomes
chronic and develops into gleet. A little
later a stricture forms. , Then his urinary
organs get out of fix. After a while in-
flammation of the bladder and decay of
the kidneys set in, ana when this stage is
reached a complete physical collapse is
near at hand.
Men, beware! Do not travel over such.
a road to early graves. Go immediately
to Doctor Cook, who is as familiar with
(DOCTOR COOK.)
diseases of this character, in all their va-
rious stages, as you are with the very day-
light.
Doctor Cook is also familiar with the
latest and best methods of cure for lost or
failing manhood, varicocele, hydrocele
and ev.ry form of sexual ailment. Blood
and skin diseases and diseases of all the
internal organs promptly cured. Particu-
lar attention given to female complaints.
"Write if you cannot call. Mail treat- *
ment always satisfactory. ; ?; Vl - -^
Office hours: 9to 12, 2t05,7 to 8. Sun-
days, 10 a. m. to 12 m. only. Address
nnpTflß Pflflk ' 965 market street,
UUb I UK IiUUIV, San Francisco. Cal.,
Or>poslt«» Baldwin Hot 1 .
SSG"^ SO
4 ROOMS FURNITURE.
Kitchen : Table, 2 chairs,
stove (No. 7). Din i n r. : Exten-
sion table, 4 oak chairs. Bedr.:
Selected ash set 7 pieces, wire
and top mattress, 2 pillows.
Parlor: Solid oak set 5 pieces.
CARPETS AT TOWEST PRICES. '
SHIREK & SHIREK,
HOUSE FURNISHERS.
747 Market Street, Opposite Grant Avo.
Telephone 6391.
POfcleheatcr'a Knjtllth Dltajond Brand. ' ."'.-■ ,
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-^■Jv Original »ad Only Ceaalß*. A
Vi/TTtA ••re, »Jw»y. reliable. l»dhj ».k ff\
I if! VlMl Drs C(l** ft> r Ctiehatert Bntfitk Lrtm >^%\
tfr'mk\l r lgUWßimat%d Brand In IU-d and Gold metallic \\*V
-O«s*3boxe«, mitd with blue ribbon. Talc* \^T
7*l W>'no other. Refiui dangfou* mbtiii-i. V
• I / ~ fjf lion* and imitation*. At DragitUu, or Had **.
I *• Jtf ia (l&mp« for particular*. i«stlcwaUl» *n4
\V* D " Relief for Ladle*." m Utter, bj retara
-V If MalL i«,OO» T-.Umooi.li. Nam* Pavtr.
>-— rChlchester CaeJßjeul Co.,Ma4l»<» B«im
toMhyi) Lw«: It. -stiit.. T'atUd^.Pa?
v.:w'B(2^'~*~^ > ~y " . AMD
I^^^Y-v«> ft
MISS ELIZABETH MOORE'S
TfRENCH AND ENGLISH SCHOOL RE-
X* moved from 515 Haight st, to 230 Halghi-
limited number of boarders received; pupils pr««
pared for college; term opens August it
56
WKU.TESPAY SEPTEMBER 23,1896
CHARLES M. SfiORTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postaf* Freer
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 .... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Calx, Six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cal;., three months by mall 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by n__L. .€5
_u_d_y Call, one year, by mall.. 1.80
V LkSLv Call, one year, by mall • *»-0
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon coins to the country on a vacation f If
*•. It Is no trouble for as to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it Kiss yon for you will
mlw it. Orders liven to the carrier or lett at
Business Offlce will receive prompt attention.
KO K2TJU CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICBi
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lßßß
EDITORIAL ROOMS I
517 Clay Street.
*«lepnw»o ttaln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, comer CUyi open tmta
0:80 o'clock.
889 Hayes street] open until 0:30 o'clock.
713 __rki_ street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
cntll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
Vl6 Math street; open until 9 •'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE »
908 Broadway.
_____
EASTERN OFPICBi
Booms 8J nad 88, 84 Park Row, New York City*
DAVID M. POLTZ. Special Agent.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
-OR PHESinX-i T-
WILLIAM HcKINLEY, or Ohio
FOB nOK-FKBRIDENT-
GARBET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
ELECTION NOVEMBEK 3. 1896.
America is for McKinley.
Europe has begun to, talk for Bryan.
It is now Lord Salisoury's turn to make
a speech lor the Bryanites.
Bismarck would like to try free coinage
on us but not on Germany.
We are not going to pull the silver chest
nuts out of the tire for Europe this year
nor any other year.
We are willing to help European nations
to restore bimetallism whenever they are
willing to do their share.
From the amount of advertising the Ex
aminer is giving the Popocrat fusion it
would seem to regard the thing as a
lottery.
Do you know any trade or industry in
this country that was injured by the Mc-
Kinley tariff? Do you know any that was
not injured by the Gorman tariff?
McKinley 1 s regard for the welfare of
workingmen is proven by every act ot his
life, but what has Bryan ever done to
improve the industry of any man in this
country?
Although Bryan makes some form of
attack on McKinley almost every day,
even his own organs do. not think they
are sufficiently important to be worth
backing up.
The American farmer needs no advice
from the European farmer as to how he
shall cast his vote, for he has a pretty
level head of his own, and moreover he
understands the situation.
Now that so many European statesmen
are advising the American people to vote
for Bryan there is a cnance for Sackville
"West to come to the surface again and
write another letter to Murchison.
When such stalwart old Democrats and
war veterans as General Sickles and Gene
ral Sigel take the stump for McKinley we
can justly say the soldier candidate in
this campaign is the candidate of the
whole country.
It is strange the Democratic organs
should take so much trouble to tell us
that European statesmen favor Bryan's
election when we have always known that
Europe is ever eager for a Democratic vic
tory in this country.
We know what conditions prevailed in
this country before the free-traders ob
tained power, we also know what condi-*
tions have prevailed since, and in this
election we have bad ample experience to
teach us how to vote.
It is customary in tbe East to refer to
the Chicago platform as a combination of
"repudiation, riot and ruin," and the
phrase seems to strike everybody over
there as being accurate as well as alliter
ative and picturesque.
The Examiner's support of Bryan is in
consistent with its often expressed views
in retard to the free coinage of silver with
out international agreement, but is thor
oughly in harmony wit_ what it values
more — its devotion to fakes.
"The free silver movement in Illinois,"
said tbe Examiner on June 7, 1895, "has
not been helped by its identification with
Governor Altgeld." The question now
arises whether it has been helped in Cali
fornia by identification with tbe Exam
iner.
m
Since the statesmen of Europe are «o
favorable to the remonetization of silver
it would seem there will be very little
trouble for tbe incoming Republican ad
ministration to carry out the pledge to
promote free coinage by international
agreement
The Popocrat fusion is as much in favor
of tree trade as was the old Democratic
party. It will be remembered that when
the Dingley bill to raise a revenue by a
riutv on wool was before the Senate the
Populists— Peffer, Kyle, Allen and Butler
—voted with the Democrats against it and
thus prevented the wool men from having
the protection the Republicans would
have given them.
In reply to a correspondent the Exam
iner said on June 27, 1895: "The coinage
of silver under proper international agree
ment would nelp our trade with all the
world, but free coinage by this country
alone, unless it succeeded in bringing both
metals to a parity, which would hardly be
possible, wonld cartainly injure our com
merce with countries having the gold
standard." As the Examiner now urges
the free coinage of silver without inter
national agreement the only possible in
ference is that it is willing to injure our
commerce lor the purpose of increasing
the value of Mr. Hearst's silver mines.
THE MUNICIPAL CONVENTION.
The Regular Republican Municipal Con-
vention met yesterday in the Auditorium
and organized for the transaction of busi
ness. The business which this convention
is to transact is of the utmost political
importance to the people of San Fran
cisco and especially to those of its citizens
who by reason of their material interests
are immediately concerned in seeing the
offices of the City filled by honest men
and in having its affairs wisely and justly
administered.
The attention of all such citizens is
called to the fact that this convention is
tne only regular and legal representative
of the Republican party of San Francisco.
Its claim to this title rests upon the un
broicen and unquestioned descent of its
! power from the convention and campaign
j of 1894 and through the regular County
j Committee then called into being in tbe
j utual and legal way. It therefore repre
{ sents the integrity of the party organiza
! tion and every loyal Republican should so
regard it
Tbe fact that there are certain persons in
this City who claim to be Republicans and
to be loyal to their party, and yet who do
not submit to its regularly constituted
authority, is a matter of serious concern
to every Republican who is honestly de
sirous of party success. It is almost an
axiom that discords and dissensions
within a political party during a cam
paign bring only a harvest of disaster and
defeat. In the light of these results those
who foment rebellion and encourage dis
cord are guilty of little less than treason
to their party and its nominees.
Every factional dissension loses votes
for the entire ticket and henco should be
discouraged by all Republicans who be
lieve in party loyalty and labor for party
success. The most practical anu effective
way to discourage such disloyalty is to
join hands heartily and openly with the
regular and rightful party organization
and actively support both its convention
and its nominees. This especially if the
character and standing of those who com
pose the convention give assurance of the
nomination of men for the various offices
whose private integrity and standing in
the community guarantee bonesty and
fidelity in the fulfillment of their public
trust.
The convention at the Auditorium gives
ample promise of the nomination of such
a ticket. The expressed purpose of its
dominant members is the selection of the
best possible material for the offices to be
| filled. Such a purpose should have the j
j approval and support of the entire Re- j
I publican party of San Francisco, and in j
j its presence all discords, dissensions and
disloyalties should fade away.
The only road to success in this munici
pal election is through party harmony
and the only proper place to harmonize is
beneath the banner of the regular and
legal party organization represented in
the Regular Republican Municipal 'Con
vention which met yesterday and will
meet again to-night.
If our present policy is adhered to and the
coinage is kept uithin reasonable limits the
means heretofore employed for the main
tenance of the parity will doubtless be found
sufficient in the future, and our silver dollars
and silver certificates will continue to circu
late at par with gold, thus enabling the
people to we both metals instead of one only,
as would be the case if the parity was de
stroyed by free coinage.— Secretary Carlisle.
BRYAN'S EUROPEAN ALLIES.
A lot of dukes, counts, barons and other
brands of sharp European statesmen have
cabled that they are very decidedly in
favor of Bryin's election on account of his
advocacy of silver monometallism, and
Bryan and his managers are so proud over
being recognized by dukes and counts and
the like that the earth trembles (in their
mind) when they walk. The interest that
these titled gentlemen take in Bryan's
election would be an amusing episode of
the campaign were it not for the fact that
they are playing upon Bryan's vanity. It
is humiliating to Americans to know tnat
Europeans think a man who is big enough
to be a Presidential candidate is also
stupid enough to be played upon.
These dukes and counts and barons are
exceedingly solicitous concerning Bryan's
candidacy, and if he is elected we may be
sure that the great joy of ttieir hearts will
find expression in congratulatory cable
grams. The reason why these European
gentlemen are so anxious to have Bryan
elected is this: They know that Br3*an is
for free trade pure and simple, and they
know that if free trade prevails in this
country they will supply our markets
with their own goods and wares, and that
if Major McKinl*y is elected our markets
will be supplied with American-made
goods and wares. American politics this
year present* no aspect to Europe other
than one of business. European states
men understand very well that free trade
in the United States means employment
for their own wage-people to supply the
American demand for manufactures, and
they know tnat Bryan will put tills coun
try upon a free-trade basis and that Major
McKinley will not. Hence they are for
Bryan.
It will be observed that no European
dukes or counts or barons are expressing
any desire by cable or otherwise to see
Major McKinlry, protection and sound
money carry the day in November. This
count and duke business is a good thing
for onr workingmen to look inio. They
will find it worth their while to do so.
When foreign farmers, tnillmen and land
lords espouse the cause of a candidate for
President of the United States it is very
safe to conclude that it is their own and
not our interests they are looking after.
The Republican party at St. Louis con
structed a platform which placed us well in
the field. It stands for ample revenue, for
protection of American industries, for honest
money, against debasement of the currency,
against the repudiation of just debts; it
stand* for law and order — in short, it repu
diates the repudiators.— General Horace
Porter.
CONSIDER YOUR OWN INDUSTRY.
Producers and wage-workers, in this
election it is your duty to consider your
own industry. There is no selfishness in
such politics. If you do that which is
honestly be3t lor yon yonr action is sure to
be tbat which is best for your neighbor
and your country. Your work is an
American industry, and nil American in
terests are ao closely bound together tbat
whatever legislation advancesone will ben
efit others. As Shakespeare said, "To
thine own self be true and it will follow
as the night tbe day thou canst not then
be false to any man."
Bryan began bis political career as an
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 189f5.
advocate of extreme free trade. The Wil
son bill did not go far enough for him.
He would have put all American produce
as well as wool and lumber on the free list.
All tbat he could do to reduce American
industry and American wages to European
levels he did. He is now in favor of re
ducing our money to the purchasing
power of that of Mexico and China.
Have you profited from his free-trade leg
islation? Do you see any prospect of
profiting from his free-silver scheme?
When the Wilson bill was under discus
sion Bryan said: "I think the duties all
the way through are higher ihan neces
sary." These duties, however, cut down
protection on all American products and
removed it entirely from some of the most
important. Califomians suffered severely.
The duty on prunes was reduced from 2
cents per pound to I}^, on beans from 40
cents per bushel to 20 per cent ad valorem,
on walnuts from 4 cents to 2 cents, on
shelled walnuts from 6 to 4 cents, on
almonds from 5 cents to 3, on shelled
almonds from 7}_ tfc 5 cents, on barley
from SO cents per bushel to 30 per cent ad
valorem, on honey from 20 to 10 cents per
gallon, while wool and lumber were put
upon the free list, and tbe sugar bounty,
under which that great industry was being
built up in the State, was abolished.
It may be you were not engaged in pro
ducing any of these things either as an
employer or as a workingman. You have
therefore lost nothing directly by the de
crease in the duties. Is it not a fact, how
ever, that you have lost something by your
neighbor's loss? Has not the market for
your products been duller, your profits less,
your wages smaller and more irregular?
Have you not had your share in the de
pression produced by this breaking down
of the protective system? Have not the
cities suffered from the loss inflicted upon
farmers? Have not tbe farmers suffered
from the loss inflicted upon the manufac
turers and workingmen of the cities?
Issues occasionally arise in the history
of nations when men rightly turn aside
from self-interest to consider some great
i atriotic or moral principle. We have
had side issues in our country, but they
are not before us now. Free trade and
free silver affect business and roust be
dealt with like other matters of business.
Consider your own industry and that of
your neighbor. Vote for a renewal of
trade and good wages. Bear in mind that
protection means prosperity and that to
restore prosperity is patriotism.
If the l 'gold" candidate, Mr. McKinley, is
successful we may expect to see American
wheat, corn and barUy held very stiffly,
giving us in England higher prices in De
cember; but the victory of the "silver" candi
date, Mr. Bryan, would tend to throw all the
Avierican surplus of grain on the English
market at 6t to 10s per quarter {of eight
bushels) under current prices for wheat and
at 2s to $s per quarter less money for barley
and maize. Thus, abstain from politics as
we may uish to do, it is impossible to avoid
considering them in market estimates. — The
London Mark Lane Express of August If.
THE "EXAMINEE" AND SILVER.
The publication in our columns a few
days ago of the inventory and appraise
ment of the Hearst estate opened the eyes
of the people of California to tbe real rea
son for tbe recent action not to say selfish
interest of the Examiner in the cause of
silver.
In our lßsne of yesterday appeared an
other interesting collection of equally
authentic extracts showing that within a
year that "journal of civilization" has been
an active partisan on both sides ot tbe
question. We present today additional
and even more interesting data, drawn
from the editorial pages of our contempo
rary and furnishing an excellent plummet
by which to Eound the depth of its pres
ent sincerity in advocating tbe cause of
silver.
A year ago both the Examiner and its
Eastern double, the New York Journal,
advocated the present standard. To-day
both are garrulous and vehement in the
forlorn cause of silver monometallism,
which they denounced last year, and, in
the case of the Journal, even as late as last
July.
The excerpts from Examiner editorials
which were reproduced in our columns
yesterday were written with more feeling
and ability than is usual with our incon
sistent contemporary. They expressed
that paper's emphatic protest against such
vagaries and dangerous doctrines as are
embraced in the Democratic t>latform and
advocated by tbe Presidential candidate it
now supports. The further extracts
from the files of our contemporary
which appear in our local columns of
to-day are even more radical in their de
nunciation of the Brynn policy than were
the excerpts quoted yesterday. In what
appeared in the quotations printed in The
Call of yesterday the Examiner contented
itself in denouncing the silver mono
metallic idea as unsound, and in predicting
that it would cause the worst financial
crisis ever known in this country. It will
be seen by the quotations reprinted to- day
that the Examiner's editor grew so weary
of the vociferations of the silver men tbat
he called them children of the "Windy j
West," and in another editorial, speaking
of President Cleveland's views on money,
the paper says they "might be echoed by
every man of ordinary sanity in tbe coun
try," which implies by negation that ad- I
vocates of any other policy than Cleve
land's were insane in 1895.
But the Examiner went further than
criticizing the Silverites of the West and
commending President Cleveland's views.
It entered the field of constructive politics
ana boldly advocated that this country's
only escape from the gold basis, in tbe
event of a failure to make an
international agreement, wonld be
free coinage at 25 to 1. On May 4, 1895, it
said: "To maintain parity alone it might
be necessary to make the proportion 25 to j
1. Our experience has not encouraged us I
to believe we couid do this alone at 16
tol."
It might be interesting to know by what
logical processes the silver mine owner
who now conducts two journals favorable
to free coinage at 16 to 1 reached the pre
posterous conclusion that such a course
would save the country and make univer
sal prosperity.
On June 27. 1895, the Examiner put the
case as follows:
"The free coinage of silver under proper
international agreement would help our
trade with all the world, but free coinage
by this country alone, unless it succeeded
in bringing both metals to a parity, wbicb
would hardly be possible, wonld certainly
injure our commerce with countries hav
ing the gold standard. We see the same
effect now in countries that are
on a silver basis. Tbe fl actuations
in the price of silver so disturb inter
national exchange as to make trade be
tween c;old and silver using countries par
take of the nature of a g«mble. All the
profits of a transaction may be wiped out
by a change in the silver market, or, on
tbe other hand, they may be doubled. This
is a discouragement to legitimate com
merce and tend 3to put trade in the bands
of speculators."
If that monometallic silver journal be
lieved free coinage at 18 to 1 would "put
trade in the hunds of speculators" when
It treated the question In 1895, and If it be
lieved the instability of silver would make
trade a gamble, why does it now see the
rainbow of promise in the political hallu
cinations which the wisest men of all
parties now denounce?
Experience has taught me that manufac
tures are at necessary to our independence at
to our comfort The duties we lay on all
articles of foreign manufacture wh\ch prw
dence requires us to establish, at home, with
the patriotic determination of every good
citizen to use no foreign article which can be
made at home, secures us against a relapse
into foreign dependency. My own idea is
that we should encourage home manufactures
to the extent of our own consumption. —
Thomas Jefferson.
OF INTEREST TO WORKINGMEN.
The official figures of the Treasury De
partment for the twenty-four months of
the operation of the Wilson tariff act
ended August 31, 1896, show the expendi
tures of the Government to have been
$104,062,328 more than the income. But
these figures have their greatest value as
indicating the degree of depression which
has prevailed in all lines of trade and in
dustry since the Wilson act became opera
tive. The figures have been received
showing the effect of the Democratic free
trade measure in the industries in July,
1886, as compared with the same month
In 1892.
The report covers 550 plants in thirty
six States and may be accepted as fairly
representing the entire industrial situa
tion. In July, 1892, these 550 plants gave
constant employment to 114,231 hands,
and tbe payroll aggregated $3,927,200 for
the month. Durin pr J uly, 1896, these same
plants gave work to 78,700 hands, with the
payroll aggregating only $2,469,712. These
figures snow not only a decrease in the
force employed, but a decrease in per
capita wages, and the same conditions ob
tain in a greater or less degree throughout
America's industrial world.
This exhibit should be enough to satisfy
every fair-minded wage-earner tbat the
country is very much more in need of
open industries for the unlimited employ
ment of labor than open mints for the
unlimited coinage of silver. And yet
Candidate Bryan sajs a tariff of 10 per
cent tbat is levied to give American labor
an opportunity to earn a good living is as
indefensible as would be a tariff of 1000
per cent. He believes, so he says, that it
is vastly more important that silver mine
owners should have a satisfying market
for their ore than that workingmen should
have opportunity to earn bread and butter.
"J do not recall a time since the days of the
Civil War that there has been so much solici
tude for the rightful outcome of a National
election as in thevear of 1896. AU the people
are reading and studying and informing
themselves in a larger degree than ever before.
Popular inquiry was never so great and popu
lar interest was never so profound. It is
gratifying, too, that the massts of our coun
trymen are seeking the right for the sake
of the right; that they may pursue the right
They want to know only what is best for their
country, what will truly promote their own
welfare and insure the grandest results for
the common good." — McKinley.
WHS THEY TURN TO M'KINLEY.
It was expected that public sentiment
would tarn against Bryanism time enough
before the election to remove all doubt as
to Major McKinley receiving a substantial
majority of the electoral vote, but the
turning began a month ago and It is now
going with a rush. There ire two causes
for this. Major McKinley has been re
ceiving delegations of voters from all parts
of the country, and to each and every one
he has discussed the issues before the
people in a broad, liberal and thoroughly
unsectional way. He has shown that he
is actuated by a sincere desire to help
better the conditions under which our
people live. He talks like a patriot who !
holds all the people and their interests in i
high esteem, and whose only thought is
the good of his fellow-citizens. He never
talks politics, but bis theme is the pros
perity of the people. The people have
watched Major McKinley and they nave
read every one of his speeches.- They have
come to like him for the singleness of his
purpose and his . lofty Americanism.
They see in him the manliest of men, and
they are turning to him without reference
to party ties because they believe they
need him at the head of the Government.
He grows in the confidence and in the
esteem of the people as few men do.
The other cause of the people turning to
Major McKinley to lead them to a stronger
commercial position, that they may have
that degree' of prosperity to which the
natural resources of the country and
their energy entitle them, is the threats
which Bryan makes daily against the very
basic principles of the Government itself
and his desperate effort* to set class i
against class and neighbor against neigh- j
bor. The people see that Bryan is one of the j
most intolerant of men; that he regards \
all who are not for him. as his personal
enemies; that every State voting against
his theories he looks upon as an enemy of
every one of his followers, and that he
thinks his election so essential that 'the'
end justifies any mean* 'that he may
choose to employ. The people see that he
is not only a fanatic, but a fanatic whose
ambition would involve the country in
most alarming situations both at home
and abroad. Indeed, Mr. Bryan has dem
onstrated to the people that one idea
dominates all his thoughts and purpose,
and that idea is Bryan's own importance.
The people, the country, commerce, in
dustry and social life ' appear to ' him as
mere agencies to be employed .to further
his personal aims. These things the peo
ple see in Bryan and they turn away from
iiim because they know a more dangerous
man could not be put at the head of the j
Government.
SOMETHING OF A SWAPPER.
Fresno Republican.
A Democratic Sage and a Populist Philoso
pher met on tbe political highway. Each car
ried a bundle.
"What have you got in your pack?" Inquired
the Democratic Sage.
"My principles and my rotes," responded
the Populist Philosopher.
•'I don't give a darn for your principles,"
quoth the Democratic ; Sage, "bat I'd like to
swap for your votes."
"What will you give for them?"
"I will sire my principles and some offices—
if you can get them."
"What are your principles?"
'They are— they are— silver. Those are
my principles."
"What will you ao with my votes?"
•i ? a - * _ em ? ast (or my President."
"And what else?"
*.!£ or . m Vice-Prcstdent-mostty."
my own " aV * * vlce * Preßlll c atlal candidate of
"S-s-s-'shl"
••What's the matter?"
"Don't mention it "
"Well, I guess I'll trade."
»£« a the .? 00 P nll st Phllo«opher had pro-
S^f.^ on . ¥* way for » time he suddenly
paused a . ud slapped bis thigh.
-t\.J\ *¥ matler 7" inquired a passer-by.
snvVrprtncSes- V ° * tor Democratic free
"Yes V
handWf o h re d i a trid r ed!» gOOdgtOCk ° £ them ° D
h^nd! f^^ emo ra . tf< r, Bage only rubbed his
AROUND TEE CORRIDORS.
Adolf Flkel of Berlin, an importer who has
been on a tour of India, the Straits Settlement,
Java and other countries to buy what he could
at a profit, arrived here on the City of Yoko
hama on her last trip and is at the Palace.
Mr. Fikel spent a great deal of time in Java.
It is colonized by tbe Dutch, as everybody
Knows, and the Berlin man felt a good deal at
home there.
"Not only did I buy good?," he said, "but I
sold a good many. I included in my sales all
the general supplies that could be thought of
except warm clothing. It is too hot in Java
for anything except very light wearing ap
parel.
"I was In Java for the first time six years
ago. Business is not so good now as it was
then. The trade has got into the hands of the
Chinese. They have been able to obtain big
ADOLF FICKEL, Who Has Been
Selling; Goods to Dutch and
Chinese Traders in Java and
the Straits Settlement.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
credits from the European Importers. When
the time lor settlement came around they
could not pay. There nas been stagnation and
plenty of failures.
"They have got what they call Dutch-India
money there. They have the gold standard,
with a silver dollar which is made by the
Chinese from the Mexican dollar. Iv the
Straits they use Mexican silver nnd it fluctu
ates. Three years ago the Mexican dollar
there was worth 75 cents, and when I was
there recently it was worth 50 centa. Now it
is worth about two shillings and two and a
half pence, or something over 50 cents.
"The Dutch dollar in Java is of the samt
size, but is worth the same as gold.
"The principal business place in Java is not
Batavia, the capital, but Sourabaya. This place
has a population of about 200,000, while
Batavia has only about 100,000 people.
"That is a good country to go to, and it is
an interesting one, but till business improve
there will be no pickups or snaps out there for
men who buy or sell. It is close business to
make a dollar."
PERSONAL
J. R. Willis ton of Buffalo, N. V., is at the Cos
mopolitan.
Frank 11. Short, an attorney of Fresno, is at
the Palace.
S. Yamada and K. Kaji of Tokio are at the
Cosmopolitan.
Dr. G. M. Freeman of Butter Creek arrived
here yesterday.
K. Kltajlma, a merchant of Tokio, is stop
ping at the Cosmopolitan.
Burton O. Squires, a silk manufacturer of
Yokohama, is in the City.
W. H. McGee, a business man of Toronto,
Canada, is on a visit here.
G. M. Francis, editor and proprietor of the
Kapa Register, is in the City.
Lyndall Miller, a real estate dealer and
broker of Stockton, Is in town.
Charles Richardson, an attorney ot Tacoma,
is among the guests of the Grand.
Brad Bamar, a mining man, representing a
London syndicate, is at tbe Grand.
R. Robertson, the proprietor of Paraiso
Springs, Monterey County, is at the Lick.
Colonel de Wogack of St. Petersburg was
among last night's arrivals at the Palace.
Sub-Treasurer C. P. Berry has gone to Marys
ville, where be will remain for several days.
Lieutenant Fichborn and Mrs. Flchborn were
amon; the arrivals on the Doric from Japan
yesterday.
Dr. Soule, surgeon of the ship Australia, who
has been ill for some time here, resumed his
duties yesterday.
Joseph Church, a landowner of Lakeport,
who has just returned from a visit East, is at
the Cosmopolitan.
G. Stafford Northcote of England was among
the arrivals on the steamer Doric from Yoko
hama yesterday. He has been lv the Orient
for several months.
Baron de Batz of Paris, France, arrived here
yesterday after a tour of the world, and is at
the Palace. He will probably be in California
for some little time.
Mrs. McNair, wife of Admiral McNair, of the
United States navy, arrived here yesterday,
having left her husband on the flagship on the
China station. Hsr son accompanies her.
Commander \V. W. lieslnger of the United
States warshio Monocacy, on the China sta
tion, arrived here yesterday on the steamer
Doric, and is at the Palace. 111-health has
brought him home.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., Sent. 22.— At the Bt.
Cloud— T. E. Simpson; Imperial— W. F. Goad
Jr., A, I. Kittle, C. R.Page; Albemarle— Misses
Younger; Gilsey — L. Jenks and wife, T. Thomp
son, F. C. Roberts; Holland— T. Cunningham,
H. F. Scott; Park Avenue— B. Howard and
wife; Murray Hill— R. Boyle; Sinclair— Rev.
P. Keane; Grand— D. A. Hulse; Netherland—
Miss Apperson, Mrs. D. Cahn, Miss E. Cahn, E.
H. Clark and wife, Mrs. Sage, Mrs. Kincaid.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 22. — Among
coast arrivals are: L. D. Leeds, Los Angeles; R.
M. Broom, San Francisco.
LOVE'S FINANCIAL SCHOOL.
She sail, "I'm only just sixteen,
Bui, tieon.-f, I'd like to know
What all these funny phrases mean
Men bandy to ana fro —
•Free silver,' 'Parltv wtin gold,'
And wuai gold-bugs have done;
Ani will you kindly just unfold
What means 'sixteen 10 one?'"
"My dear," said Ueorge, and took her hand,
"Those terms I can't explain.
Some people read up Horr and Bland
Before they gel Insane.
But make tbat last, term -Sweet sixteen
To one.' and thai one ma,
Then 1 will vote for it, my queen,
To all eternity." —Puck.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Mrs. Helen M. Gougar has been nominated
for Attorney -General on the National ticket in
Indiana.
General Tracy, ex-Secretary of the Navy, is
an enthusiastic farmer and has earned bocolic
celebrity as a breeder of fine cattle and plga.
A London postman, with his ten sons, five ol
whom are in the postofflce service, made one
side in a recent cricket match on Thornton
Heath and beat their opponents.
There is not a peer in the House of Lords who
was there at the beginning of Victoria's reign.
The Earl of Mansfield has been there lor fifty
six years and the Earl of Kimberly for fiity.
Professor Nathaniel Schmidt, who has b«en
appointed to nil the chair of Semitic lan
guages at Cornell University, was born in
Sweden, of German parents, and educated in
Stockholm. Berlin and New York. He is
familiar with the Ethiopian, Assyrian, Arabic
and many other languages.
Mrs. Flora Patterson, sister of Professor
Eugene Wambaugh of the Harvard Law
School, has lately received the appointment
of assistant pathologist in the Department of
Agriculture in Washington.
Richard Harding Davis came over to America
on the same ship with Li Hung Chang and
told Li that he was writing a novel. This dte
■usted the Viceroy. "Writing a novell" he
exclaimed. "You ought to be ashamed of
yourself! Writing a novel, indeed! A big,
strapping, able-bodied fellow like you ought
to be at work. Why don't you go to work?"
THE VOICE FROM MAINE.
Speaking of- Maine—. Hello, what's your
hurry T— Burlington H&wkeye.
Maine has flung a wet blanket upon tbe al
ready limp and bedraggled Bryan canvass.—
Philadelphia Record.
Maine voices the verdict of the voters of the
United States. It is all over but the shouting.—
Springfield (111.) .Republican.
The Maine victory is a straw of large dimen
sions, indicating unmistakably the drift of the
political current.— Chicago Tribune*
Maine has been a hard hitter over since
1840, and has given it to Mr. Bryan this time
on the point of the jaw.— St. Louia Globe-Dem
ocrat.
Messrs. Reed, Dingley, Boutelle and Milliken
were triumphantly re-elected to Congress.
Somehow their names sound familiar.— Bos ton
Herald.
Now let the business men take heart They
can read their title clear to safety. They have
no need of worry. The end is assured.—Cleve
land Leader.
Never before did a million Democratic
voters and 200 influential Democratic papers
derive satisfaction from the report of a great
Republican plurality In Maine.— Detroit Free
Press.
Corrected returns from the State where the
pine trees give out their healthful perfume
are to the effect that something dropped bard
and that Sewall was under it when it fell. —
Philadelphia Inquirer.
The logic of this situation is that Sewall
must go, and that quickly, and then Watson
will be for a week or two a truly great man,
and then he will be a howling terror to his
own party.— Brooklyn Standard Union.
Chairman Jones arouses one's admiration
for his nerve when he nays that his confidence
in Bryan's election has been literally forced
upon him. He didn't want to believe it, but
he simply had to.— Springfield Republican.
The Vermont election showed plainly enough
that the tide had turned In the right direction,
and with the astonishing figures from Maine
every one can see how the tide is running now.
All hail the State of Blame and Reed.— Chicago
Inter-Ocean.
Maine reiterates with unexpected emphasis
the verdict of Vermont against the free coin
age of silver and the Chicago platform. There
ia no room for doubt that all the remaining
States of the East will in November concur in
the judgment of these typical Eastern States.—
Boston Globe.
What education and organization have
effected in Maine they will effect elsewhere.
The Middle Western States can be carried for
McKinley and honest money by the same thor
oughness and aggressiveness. Maine is the
model for the grand National campaign. — New
York Advertiser.
We take off our hat to you, Mr. Joseph H.
Manley. We knew you would do it, and do it
well; but we did not know it could be done bo
well as you have dove it. Our congratulations
to glorious old Maine. Our distinguished con
sideration to her brilliant and valiant son. —
New York Press.
Along in the early days following the St.
Louis convention somebody said that the State
of Thomas B. Reed would be a sulker. In
view of the result in Maine the anonymous
prophet of evil should call on the political
fool-killer and receive his proper reward— New
York Mail and Express.
AU things considered the result in Maine Is
most satisiactory and inspiring. A State in
wl.ich a large majority of the voters are small
farmers has declared against Bryanism, re
pudiation and revolution with an emphasis
which indicates the drift of popular sentiment
in the country and what its verdict will be in
November. — Indianapolis Journal.
Maine and Vermont are mere showers
presaging the coming deluge. At no time
since the adjournment of the Chicago conven
tion has there been a possibility of any other
result. The recreant Democrats who sought
to betray their party did not even have a
gambler's chance of winning. They pub
lished their treachery without the possibility
of reward.— Chicago Chronicle.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Miss Watson— Didn't Mr. Sark say to you as
I entered the drawing-room last night, Clara,
"Is that the beautiful Miss Watson?"
Clara— Yes, dear, with the accent on "that"
—Tit-Bits.
"My papa," said the Senator's son, proudly,
"helps to make the laws."
"My papa," retorted the Federal Judge's son,
"unmakes the laws, and nobody telps him
either."— Twentieth Century.
"Why don't you play 'high, low, jack' with
the boys. any more?"
"Oh, I've been sick, you know."
"What has tbat to do with it ?"
"I'm not strong enough to thump tho table
when I put down _ card." — Chicago Post.
Clerk— That young Binks Is outside, sir,
who made application. Shall I put him to
work?
Employer— Yes, let him begin at $9 a week.
Clerk— But he's a college graduate.
Employer— Well, in that case, start him in at
$3.— New York Commercial Advertiser.
He (at parting) — On, Edith 1 Yon hare
broken my —
She (interrupting)— Not your heart surely.
He (sadly)— No; my whole pocketful of ci
gars—Somerville Journal.
"I see that yonr coachman has left you,
Jokely.
"Yes, I was one of the few things he couldn't
steal."— Detroit Free Press.
Cholly— Ever b?en in love, Chappie?
Chappie— Ya-as.
Cholly— How does it feel?
Chappie— As if you hadn't smoked a clgawette
faw a week.— Puck.
Mother— Do yon thick baby will ever talk?
Father— Heavens, yes. It's a girl. — Detroit
Free Press. ______________^
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A Gold Pikcb— B. A., City. No premium is
offered lor a $5 _old piece of 1837.
Not a Mormon— W. B. E., City. Not a Presi
dent of the United States was ever a Mormon.
Cheap Dol_a_— A. H., Ophlr, Utah. The
term "Cheap dollar" is applied to that dollar
on which there is a discount. ■
To Collect a Note— E. K. G.,city. If you
hold a note against a party outside of the City
and wish to have it collected, turn it over to _
responsible collector. a
Not Cor__ct-A. J., City, "it is not proper to
say "McKinley is our next President," for the
simple reason that he has not been elected
and sworn In as such. In that sentence "it"
refers to an existin* fact uee 1S
Okra-J. 8. W., Elk Creek, Cal. Okra or
gumbo, or, as it is called by botanists, Hibiscus
esculentus, may be preserved by cutting into
B___ a^ v t rter - of "\ inch thick;«trln" ing the
slices and hangiug them up to dry.
Th_ Income Tax Bil_-L. D., City. Tne tariff
bill known as the Wilson-Gorman bill, which
included the income tax, became a law with
out the signature of the President on tbe '7th
of Aupust, 189_. The income-tax law went
into effect January l. 1895, and was to con
tinue in force until January 1, 19OQ. On the
7th of March, 1895, a suit was commenced to
test the constitutionality of the lair as it ap
plied to the levying of an income tax, and
It was declared unconstitutional on the
20th of May by the United States Bupreme
Court. ,
"Boston Bhakb"-P. S. L. This department
has not been able to ascertain anything about
"the origin of the new and popular game of
Boston Shake." It is a game played with dice,
similar to razzle-dazzle, with the exception
that sixes count high and aces are low.
Bryan and thk Chinese— A. D. R., Los An
geles. William Jennings Bryan has not taken
Bny particular stand on the Chinese question,
but there is no telling what he might do if he
got into office. His only record is tnat he intro
duced a petition in the House in favor of the
Chinese, and at the time stated that he "intro
duced it without comment, at the request of
a body of Methodists."
Market Street— A. J., City. If you had a
store on Market street opposite to the Odd
Fellows' building, which is at Seventh and
Market streets, your store would be on the
north side of the street, and as the streets from
tbe northern part of tho City connect with
Market you could only describe it a* being be
tween Jones street and City Hall avenue, or as
being nearly opposite Seventh. You could
not say that it was between Jones and Leaven
worth streets, for the reason that the last
named street does not run to Market street.
WAIST WITH FICHU COLLAR
4ND LINING THAT MAT B_ OMITTED
Two extremely stylish and novel features
arc shown in this waist. The sleeves are fitted
with a very short puff at the top. The collar
is square in the back, with flchu front It may
be sewn to tne waist or finished with a bias
band to be made removable.
A waist ot brown mohair worn with a plain
skirt ot the same had a collar of embroidered
batiste over a lining of green taffetas. The
same silk formed two narrow knife-pleated
frills all around the collar, and also finished
the neck and belt.
A waist of Dresden silk had collar of black
mousseline de soie with pleated ruffles of the
same. The collar was decorated with clover
leaves formed of threß leaves of white lace
braid as illustrated here.
The waist is gathered both bac_ and front
over a fitted lining. For wash goods the lining
may be omitted entirely, but tne result is more
satisfactory if a yoke lining is put in the back.
Califobma glace iruits, 50c ib. Tow_«e_d'_ %
Spjxtal information daily to manufacture™.
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. -
•—• — • — •
Th« Emperor of Russia is taking particular
interest in a commission to make a collection
of tbe popular songs and national ballads of
Russia. M. Istome, a well-known ethnograph
ical authority, is conducting the inquiry.
Are _ou Going East?
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa v»
rente— ls the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence from
alkali dust. Particularly adapted for the trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and modern opholstered tourist sleeping
can, which run daily through from Oakland la
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar and la
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. Saa
Francisco Ticket office, 644 Market street. Chron
icle building. Telephone, Main 1531. Oakland,
1118 Broadway.
« m •
Groat Rock Island Route Playing Cards
Send 12 cents in stamps to John Sebastian, gen
eral passenger agent C. R. L and P. Railway,
Chicago, for the slickest pack of playing cards
yon ever handled, and on receipt of such remit
tance for one or more packs they will be sent yon
postpaid.'
Orders containing (50 cents in stamps or postal
note for same amount will secure 5 packs by ex
press, charges paid.
> ♦ •
"Mrs. Window's Soothing Syran
Has been used over BO years by millions of moth»n
for their children while Teething with perfect s:r>
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, all*.
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels aal
lathe best remedy for Dlarrhreas, whether arUlnt
from teething or other causes. For said by Dta {-
gists Hi every part of the world. Be sure and jic
lor Mrs. WUislow's Soothing Syrup. --$ _ oo.a*
•—• — ♦ — -•
Cobonabo.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, ? 85 : longer stay »2 50 per day. Apply
4 .New Montgomery St., San Francisco.
■ ■ •__» — «.
The hair cannot flourish unless the scalp Is
kept in good condition. Ayer's Hair Vigor gives
universal satisfaction as a dressing.
» » »
Web foot State for McKinlev.
Portland Oregonlan.
There are thousands of Democrats in Ore
gon, of the State's very best class of citizens,
whom nothing could induce to vote for Bryan,
and he cannot carry the State without them.
NEW TO-OAr.
(Half
Saved!
On the price of your
rQp* prescriptions, as" we
pay no percentages to physicians.
HOMEOPATHIC REMEDIES
AT CUT RATES.
Humphrey's Specifics, $1 5ize........ 80c
Humphrey's Specifics, 50c size .40c
Humphrey's Specifics, 25c size..... 20u
Tinctures and Pellets !.10c
PERFUMES AND TOILET
ARTICLES.
R & G Peau d'Espagne, $1 25 size 85c
11 & G Iris Blanc. $1 25 size 85c
R & G Violet de Parrae, $1 25 size !! '""75c
Pozzoni Face Powder "30c
La Blache Powder. . . {.'....• ......II! 30c
Cam el lin e .'!!.!! 850
Malvina Cream and Lotion...!!!!!!!!! 35c
Fascination, a perfect beautifier. . . . ! ! ! "350
Ariel's Enamel, unexcelled... 400
Mme. Yale's Goods— sl size 65c,'5150'
81ze -™ $100
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
853 MARKET ST., a. side, bet. Bth and 6th.
$75 ™4 ROOMS
** '%0 CONSISTING or
3PXJ __=_._J_"ITXJ_EI._E3
? PARLOR.BEDRaOM.JHIHC-ROOM, KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
' Tapestry Brussels, per yard. ............... SO Cents
Oil Cloth, per yard........ .25 Cent*
Matting, per yard 1...:..-.......... 1© Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit. 7 piece* 8345 00
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror .825 00
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
Four- Room Cattlojne* Miiltd Fire. ■ .
CX. Fret Faokiss and Deliver j acrou tie Bay,WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 23,1886
AMUSEMENTS.
Coi.tJMSIA Thkater-' Spite of All."
•ironosco's ciKKA-lioußk— •' Mr. Potter of
Texas."
1 iv.ii i OrrnA-lToiT«<it.— "Aids,"
Ori-iikvm— High-Class Vaudevllla,
.AXC.A7AB. TnKATKB.-" Divorce."
r-rr.o Baths— Bathing and performances.
fcßoox thk CHnTE9-Dft»y »' U-»igtit street,
c i:e Uock east Of the F«rfc
MHHAMCS' Ikstitutk I'A VIMOS-
r.inth Industrial Exposition.
AUCTION SALES.
By Iniuana Areriox Co.-This day (Wednes
day). Furniture, at 1400 Van Ness avenue, at 11
o'clock.
By M.MABcrsK-Thls day (Wednpsday), Bicy-
cles, at 014 Broadway, Oakland, hi 2 o'clock.
ByEastos * Ki.i>rid<ik.— Tuesday, September
19, Real Estate, at salesroom, 038 Market street, at
12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The great register will have to be printed
by union labor.
Last night's concert ol the Loring Club was
largely intended.
The funeral of the late Rer. M. F. Colburn
will be held to-morrow afternoon.
There was a housewarmlng at the new
quarters of the Girls' Training Home.
Emma A. Ashley yesterday testified In her
own behalf. She stated nothing new.
The Fish Commissioners have presented
their biennial report to the Governor.
The Doric arrived from the Orient and the
Australia sailed for Honolulu yesterday.
Many enliated men of the Fifth Artillery
nave elected to remain in San Francisco.
The second night of the Carnival of Nations
at Native Sons' Hall attracted a large attend
ance.
No nominations were made at the Kelly-Ma
lioney convention held last night in B'nai
B'rith Hall.
The Point Lobos Improvement Ciub dis-
CiEfed matters of improvement in the Rich
mond district.
Judge Frank H. Short of Fresno reports the
cause of protection and McKinlev as making
great strides in Fresno.
The Valley road, when it opens for passen
ger business, in about two weeks, will carry
Bicycles free as baggage.
The executive committee of tlie Continental
League has adopted resolutions calling upon
City Republicans to organize.
The police want an owner for a sand wagon,
almost new, which a well-known thief, was try
ing to dispose of when arrested.
Gus Devine was arrested yesterday morning
on suspicion of being implicated in the recent
diamond robbery in Sacramento.
The silver clubs of the Thirty-ninth ana
Tnlrty.flrst districts held a joint meeting at
the People's party tent last night.
Virginia Fa!r gave her deposition in the
matter of the Fair estate anent the pencil will
yesterday. Nothing new was developed.
Roof-climbing burglars were foiled in their
work yesterday by a cobie-car on Hay«s street
running into a detached telephone wire.
Four of the crew o( the battle-ship Oregon
had a narrow escape yesterday. Their boat
was run down by the river steamer Alylra and
sunk.
The festival In aid of the Youths' Directory
will be opened to-morrow evening in the First
Regiment Armory, on Market street, near
Tenth.
Charles H. Davis, a notorious ex-convict, was
arrested yesterday mornintr for robbing Carroll
look in Htockton during the Native Sons cele
bration.
Dick Williams, the ex-Chinese inspector, was.
yesterday sentenced by Judge Morrow to six
years in San Quentin, and also to pay a fine of
It is expected that the Valley road will be
gin to carry freight into and out of Fresno in
about a week, and to transport passengers a
week later.
Mrs. Hughes, 1304 Post street, was attacked
by a footpad on Franklin street, near Geary
last night and robbed of her satchel contain
ing about $50.
The Occidental and Oriental Company's
Gaelic is more seriously damaged than was at
first supposed. It will be months before she Is
off the stocks at Hongkong.
Judge Sanderson yesterday granted a de
murrer to the complaint in the suit of Henry
Mever against the Mutual Savings Bank and
so threw the case out of court.
John Murray, an ex-convict, was caught
early yesterday morning in a grocery and sa
loon on Filbert street, and was shot in the
left foot while trying to escape.
Governor Budd, Major-General James and
the Chamber of Commerce have wired the Sec
retary of War. requesting that the Fifth Artil
lery be allowed to remain here.
A McKinley and Hobart Republican clnb
was organized last evening at Ocean View.
John D. Spreckels was indorsed as the local
leader of the Republican party.
Mrs. Tupper Galpin will address tne Mission
Suffrage Club this afternoon «t 2:30 o'clock at
the headquarters of the club. 3300 Seventeenth
street. All interested are invited to attend.
William Whelan, employed as a night watch
man at the Southern Pacific yards, on Fourth
and Townsend street?, was run over by a loco
motive yesterday morning and instantly killed.
An tone Bjeake, a carpenter, charged with
battery upon Helma Anderson. 48 Clara street,
with whom he had been living, married her
yesterday and Judge Campbell dismissed him.
The Citizens' Independent Convention nom
inated George C. Wetmore for Street Superin
tendent and Robert Minch for Surveyor, witn
three Assemblymen thrown in to balance the
head ol the ticket.
Harry Rose, a boy 15 years of age who dis
appeared from his home, 914£ Devisadero
street, on September 14 and returned Friday
night, tells a thrilling story of being kid
naped and taken to sea.
By the refusal of Judge Risley at Fresno yes
terday to enjoin tne Valley road from build
ing alone the streets of Fresno, the last bar to
that road's entrance into Fresno was removed,
and it* completion to that point will now be
rushed with all expedition oossible.
The regular Republican County Convention
bogan its session In tlie Auditorium yesterday
afternoon. After appointing Thomas D. Rior
aan as temporary chairman and naming the
committees on organization and platform, the
convention adjourned until 8 o'clock this
evening.
One of the largest and most intelligent audi
ences of the campaign assembled in the Audi
torium last night and listened to addresses by
Mri. Addie L. Ballou, Charles M. Short
ridse, Thomas B. O'Brien and Colonel Henry
I. Kowalsky. Miss Ella Ellis sang several cam
paign songs.
Peter Ducey was yesterday found guilty of
murder in tne second degree oy a jury in
Judge Wallaca's court. He will be sentenced
on Friday. Ducey killed his aunt, Kate Me-
Keever, in May last, because, aa he alleged,
she took his watch and money away from him
while he was intoxicated.
The second French lecture of the course now
being given in the parlors of the Unitarian
Church by the Rev. Charles Dupuy under the
auspices of the Charming Auxiliary will be de
livered this afternoon at 3:30 otclock. Mr.
Pupuy's subject will be "Idyile Tragique de
Paul Bourget et ses Tendences Actuelles."
Last week's lecture proved a great success
and was largely attended. The entrance to
the church parlors Is on the west side of
Franklin street, south of Geary.
NEW TO-DAY.
SCRATCH
AND
SCREAM
Mv baby broke out with a rash. ' He would
scratch and scream. It would take two to hold
him and one to put medicine on him. We had
to bold him sometimes an hour before we could
net him quieted down. All said that they never
saw such a face or body on any baby as on him.
I had to tie hU hands tight in a cloth, night .and
day, for five months. My sister had nseJCDTI-
CU«A, and I began to me It. After only one
application, he lay down and iln>lu he had not
lota month, poor little fellow. ■He has .not a scar
on Mm now and is as fair and his flesh is as soft
« £?b-S While he had this disewe I had to
cut the sleeves out of his clothes, and put naze
underwear on him to keep him cool. I lad to
keep piece, of «oft cloth around his neck, it was
so wet with moisture from the sores, a,nd I had to
change the doth, sometime* ten or twelve tiroes
» day Ma». A. HAYNEB, Lisbon, N. I>.
Sr«EnT Cr*» Timthht for Babt Hwiom.-
-Wwmblth. with CitirWA Soap, .nd fentle »ppUc«-
tioni of CrTjCBB* (ointment). tb. jr««« iluo cure.
Sold throughout 11.. world. JPottk D«UO i»»
Cum. Cosr., Boie Props, Boston, U. B. A. .
DIMOND AGAINST
THE NEW CHARTER
The Head of the Buckley
Ticket Declares
Himself.
DEMOCRATIC DRY ROT.
Rich Silverites Take Almost
Complete Charge of the Dem
ocratic Campaign.
HIRE HALLS FOR STEVE WHITE.
A Remarkable Apathy Characterizes
the State Campaign Work of
tbe Democracy.
Joseph I. Dimond, tbe candidate of the
Buckley wing of the Democracy for
Mayor, declared himself last night.
He declared that he was in tbe fight to
stay and to win, and be declared himself
opposed to the new charter.
The candidates on the ticket beld a
private meefng at the Ellis-street head
quarters last night to discuss private affairs
and party policy, and after the meetina
Mr. Dimond, who attended, submitted
readily to a brief interview.
"I know," he said, "that many people
have expressed doubts that I would make
the race, but they are mistaken. I did
not eeek the nomination and I refused it
when it wasfirat tendered me, but since it
was tendered me in this complimentary
manner I bave accepted It and I am de
cidedly in the fight to stay and to win.
"I have not given a pledge to anybody,
except if elected I would try to give this
City the best government possible and to
work for the best interests of the City.
This was the only pledge asked of me,
and if I am elected I shall assume tbe
ofiice absolutely untrammeled.
"My position expresses my decided
opinion as to who constitute the regular
Democratic party of San Francisco."
When asked for his views on the charter
Mr. Diraond said: "I am against the char
ter, and I say it without hesitancy. In
this I speak only for myself personally
and not lor the party.
"I think that under the new charter an
ambitious politician who secured tne of
fice of Mayor could and would use it to
Derpetuate himself ana his friends in
power."
The Buckley ites deny emphatically tbat
Frank J. Murasky, whom they nominated
for Superior Judge, ever filed his resigna
tion with the committee, as was stated in
the Rainey convention night before last
by Joseph E. O'Donnell, when Murasky
succeeded in getting the nomination there.
They say that was a fake in Mnrasky's
interest, and that now they will kick
Murasky off their ticket.
Dr. W. J. Gavigan, who is a member of
tbe Junta campaign committee, but who
was nominated for Police Judge by the
Buckleyites, has been told that he can
have the Rainey nomination tonight if
he will resign Jrom the Buckle}' ticket,
but be has scorned to do so.
Harry I. Mulcreevy of the Thirty-sev
enth District, who was ordered off the
Junta ticket night before last by tbe
Rainey convention, was defiantly renomi
nated by the district convention for the
Assembly last night, and he still has tne
nomination of both wings.
To-day he will file his certificate of nom
ination and then he will snap bis fingers
at the Rainey convention, as those Con
gressional candidates did at tbe fusion
committee.
The Rainey convention will to-night
nominate Police Judges, Justices of the
Peace, a Superintendent of Schools for the
nnexpired term and possibly School Di
rectors.
J. H. Simmons of the Boys' High
School, who was turned down by the last
municipal convention, will probably be
nominated lor Superintendent of Schools.
Tne delegation of the Tbirty- fourth
District last night warmly indorsed J. D.
(jiillin, who was in the Pond Board of
Supervisors, for that nomination in the
Eleventh Ward.
Sam Rainey made a trip to Warm
Springs yesterday to think over his ticket
for Supervisors.
SILVER MINERS RULE.
They Have Taken Entire Charge of
the Democratic State Cam
paign.
J. J. Dwyer, member from California
of the National Democratic Committee,
will be the principal speaker at Metro
politan Hall to-night at a mass-meeting
arranged, advertised and held at the ex
pense and nnder the direction of the Cali
fornia Silver campaign committee,
through the efforts of Chairman W. P.
Lawlor.
This ia interesting chiefly as typifying
the fact that tbe Popocratic campaign in
this State in the interest of Bryan, free
silver and anarchy is being almost wholly
conducted by tbe millionaire silver
miners, and as illustrating the remarkable
apathy that characterizes the State cam
paign of the Democracy.
On the word of many ancient Demo
cratic campaigners the present Democratic
campaign is the most listless, fruitless and
unconsequentlal one in the party history
of the State.
The lirst reason is tbe remarkable lack
of interest throughout the party and the
second of the leading reasons is the fac
tional dissensions in the party and th*
present factional control of the machine
by a few scheming and ambitious poli
ticians.
The State Democratic machine is so im
potent through lack of party interest,
party unity and co-operation and funds,
and is so badly afflicted witn dry rot that
the actual work as well as the expense of
the campaign has been turned over to the
millionaire miners who run and liberally
put up for the silver party's machine.
Tbe Silverites haye money. They have
lots of it. Charles D. Lane, millionaire,
has taken a sip from the seductive foun
tain of politics and he has opened his
eyes with the thrill and felt the swell of
ambition within, as so many Western
millionaire miners have done before.
Lane asked the Pops with a generous wave
of his hand to take a whole PnlJman
sleeper with him, and Lane will dash off a
thousand-dollar check any day to help
the cause — and himself. There is Al
vinza Hay ward, the Fair estate and a lot
of other wealth Dehind the Silverites.
And there's the Southern Pacific Com
pany which has George W, Baker, John
W. Mitchell and others of its representa
tives at the helm of the Silver party.
The headquarters of the Democratic
campaign are only nominally at the Cali
fornia Hotel. They are realiyin the Bald
win annex. They are magnificent head
quarters. They have extent and luxury
and some life. A long series of bis rooms,
finely carpeted and furnished, which were
long occupied by a big gambling club,
compose the headquarters.
There are no Btgns of poverty in tbe
looks of things or in tbe way things are
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, ' SEPTEMBER 23, 1896.
done, and there is a fine mahogany side
board supplied with the best and a
colored steward.
Well, the silverites have paid for and
arranged nearly all the meetings the
Democrats bave been able to hold to far.
There have been but two nia-s-meetinKS
in this City during the campaign under
the announced auspices of tb« Democratic
State Central Committee and these were
paid for by the Iroquois Ciub.
The millionaire silver miners are even
paying for the nias?-meetiiigs of the Demo
cratio Kational Comruitteemun. They
bave arranged and paid tbe expense of all
the meetings in this City and vicinity for
Steve White, the Democratic Senator.
They are similarly paying the main ex
penses of the chief Populist speakers.
Chairman W. P. lawlor, who helped put
activity into tbe last Democratic campaign,
has arranged several series of meetings,
and, having plenty of money to spend, has
even taken charge of the Popocratic Con
gressional compaigns.
M. F. Taylor of Colorado is to speak at
San Jose to-night and then on successive
nights at Santa Rosa, Napa, Oakland and
Stockton, and he will probably speak in
the south. The silverites hnve taken
charge of Barlow's campaign in tne Sixth
District and Chairman Lawlor has ar
ranged an itinerary for him lasting until
October 3, embracing 6anta Cruz, Monte
rev and Santa Barbara counties.
The Silverites have hired J. L. York, the
free-thought lecturer, and started him on
a tour of the Sixth District.
M. E. Dittmar, editor of the Redding
Searchlight, is to stump the First, Second
and Third districts for the silver miners,
and somebody is to be sent trailing after
C. F. McClashan through the Second Dis
trict, to fight that stalwart Populist who
would not be fused.
The Silverites are to assr.me the work of
the Democrhticcampaign in San Francisco
so soon as this flurry about local politics
lets up a little, and then Foote, Tarpey,
Deuprey and the rest of the Democratic
orators will beat the service of the silver
miners, and speak at two or three district
meetings a night at the Silverites' expense.
Mr. Lawlor has a lot more itineraries
and speakers about ready in the plenitude
of his resources.
Tbe Bryan literature being distributed
through tbe State is mainly provided by
the silver miners' syndicate which sent
him lecturing through the country a year
ago. The Democratic literary committee
helped to compile a pamphlet of forty
Eages, and quit, work some time ago. The
ilverites had 200,000 copies printed, and
the Democrats agreed to take and pay for
75,000 copies. Charles D. Lane gave the
Democratic State Central Committee $1000,
but bis bright son, Tom Lane, kept it to
pay for those 75,000 copies.
At tbe Democratic State headquarters
the visitor wonders why nobody much is
around, why those who are seem to be in
the dumps, and why in the "heat of the
campaign" there is notbing much going
on. Chairman Alford is always there,
busy. worried and affable, but the "'leaders"
don't drop in mucii, and nobody seems to
be interested or busy or lending a hand.
The Democrats who bave seen the activ
ity, labor and hurrah of former cam
paigns display tlieir disgust in a confi
dential way or say in a fiee-and-easy man
ner, "Oh, well, the Silverites are doing the
work."
The lack of interest in the Democratic
ranks is the chief cause of the lack of
money, which in turn is a cause of lurther
lack of interest. They profess to be proud
of their poverty at headquarters, but in
fact nobody much is interested enough to
give $5 to tbe cause.
"We haven't taken in $1000," said Treas
urer Hassett yesterday.
"Five members of the State Central
Committee have paid that $30 assessment.
The Palmer and Buckner campaign have
taken away one branch of resources. The
Federal employes shrivel into their shells
at the .suggestion of money, and probably
say 'civil service law.'
"The late Supreme Court decision made
a Jot of local patronage people mighty in
dependent. Tbat 'popular appear hasn't
brought in two-bits. The speakers' com
mittee and the iiterary committee haven't
moved lor weeks. The finance committee
met some time apo and decided that It
couldn't do a thing. J. A. Flicher was
going to hold up tbe Govsrnor and his
crew for $1000 and got about $4 40. The
Sacramento people said, 'Great Scott! we
want money from you.' "
So the millionaire silver miner) run the
Democratic campaign.
The rapid rise of the McKinley tide
throughout the State, the enthusiastic co
operation of all classes in the McKinley
campaign, the multiplicity of lively Re
publican ciubs everywhere and the dis
couraging reports that pour in from all
sources help to make tbe woe deeper.
Democratic Aspirants.
One issue that will further differentiate
the candidates of the two wings of the
Democracy will be tbe charter. Mr. I)i
-mond is understood to be against the new
charter and Mr. Phelan for it.
Some of the partisans of James D. Phe
lan yesterday began an effort to make
political machines of the improvement
clubs of the City by getting the Associated
Improvement Clubs to indorse Phelan's
candidacy for Mayor. As these clubs are
composed of citizens of all kinds of polit
ical faith, such a proceeding would tend
to wreck the organizations and its success
is not considered probable.
The Twenty-fifth Senatorial District
will have three Democratic candidates in
the fielri, Senator John Fay beint; in the
field for re-election as an independent.
Fay looked long and hard for the Junta
nomination, but he stood no chance with
the combined opposition of the Daggett-
Rainey-Lanigan forces against him, who
put up John Feeney, an employe in the
Mint. Fay will take his chances against
both the Rainey and the Buckley candi
dates. He is now circulating his petition.
The Palmer Petition.
The petition by which the Sound-Money
Democrats will get the Palmer and Buck
ner electoral ticket on the ballot is grow
ing fast," and yesterday Secretary Eliiott
McAllister stated that about 2000 signa
tures had been reported by the paid can
vassers working in this City alone. Others
are at work in Oakland. Besides these, a
large number of unreported names are on
the petitions which members of the league
are voluntarily working with at their con
venience, and many other petitions are
being circulated by volunteers through
out the State. There will be no trouble in
getting the required 9000 names.
Plenty of Speeches.
AL.AMEDA, Cal., Sept. 22. — The
Bryan Silver Club has sec tired Linder
man's Opera-house for five consecutive
Saturday nights for political meetings.
The first meeting will be held October 3
The West End Bryan Silver Club was or
ganized last night in Holtz'* Hall, on
Webster street. Dr. W. O. Smith was
elected president, Michael Kane vice
president and Albert Birch secretary.
Speaking for Silver.
The mo7ements of speakers for free silver
are outlined for the immediate future as fol
lows: M. F. Taylor of Denver spoko in Sacra
mento last night, will speak in San Rafael to
night and In Ban Jose to-morrow night. The
remaining three evenings of the week will be
given to Santa Rosa, Napa and Stockton. Mr.
Taylor may then go to Southern CaliJornla.
J. J. Dwyer, Democratic National Committee
man, will speak at Metropolitan Halt Wednes
day night C. A. Barlow spoke at Santa Cruz
last night. He will end one tour in Psnta Bar
bara October 3 and will then bog in another
J. L. York will open in Holllster Wednesday
night and will tour San Luis Obtspo, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Kern, Tnlare, Kings, Fresno
Madera, Merced and Stanislaus counties.
Returned Three Indictments.
The United States Grand Jury returned
three Indictment* yesterday. Edward Pettit
of Santa Rosa is accused of raising a $1 silver
note to the denomination of ,S2O. Morris
Hennessy is charged on three counts of utter
ing and passing counterfeit sliver dollars.
The third indictment is against John McGin
ley for making away with two sacks of seed
from the.Government warehouse.
* ■»—•» — •
Bohbow on sealskins, allka ana Jewell at Uncle
Hards', 15 Grant avenue.
MADE A BID FOR
THE WHEELMEN
Citizens' Independent Con
vention Add to the
Nominations.
WETMORE WAS HONORED
Wins the Prizj as Cyclists'
Candidate for Street Super
intendent
ROBERT MUNCH SUCCESSFUL.
Mayor Sutro's Engineer Defeats Ex«
Surveyor-General Willey for
Surveyor.
Mayor— Charles I* Taylor.
Auditor— A. I\ Chapman.
Treasurer— H. O. Stearin.
Superior Judges— Will l»m H. Chap
man, K. D. Sawyer, Charles B. Jackson,
t. W. Nowlin.
Superintendent of Streets— Gaorge P.
Wetmore.
Surveyor — Robert Munch.
Amemblymen- Thirtieth District, M.
K. Irwin ; Thirty-first District. A. N.
Morgan; Thirty-third DUtriot, T. Pen
nington.
At the Citizens' Independent Conven
tion last night there were 123 members
present. The enthusiasm was unabated
and great joy prevailed when a recess was
declared for the purpose of giving E. D.
COUNT DE BEAUREGARD of Paris, Who Is Goin ? to Htmt
Antelopes on the Deserts of Arizona and New Mexico,
[Sketched from life by a ''Call " artist.]
Sawyer, the nominee for Superior Judge,
an opportunity to appear before the ael
egates and indorse the platform and say
some words of encouragement for the
ticket and tbe principles contained in the
declaration thereof.
The Judge's remarks were received with
rounds of applause by the delegates, who
were much gratified at his remarks.
Another cause of rejoicing was when
| General \V. H. H. Hart, who was defeated
in the convention for the office of Mayor
as against Supervisor C. L. Taylor, in
forraed th« delegates that "'should" Mr.
Taylor decline the nomination he would
most cheerfully accept It and make a
successful winning. ,
After these little pleasantries the con
vention settled down to business and as
a concession to the bicycle associations,
j which have representatives in the body,
nominated for Btreet Superintendent
George P. Wetrnore, contractor of concrete
and art stone work at 216 Valencia street,
with residence at 441 Golden Gate avenue.
Robert Munch, Mayor Sutro's engineer
received the nomination for Surveyor on
the second ballot, as against ex-Surveyor-
General H. 1. Willey. '
The first ballot stood 61 to 61, but on the
second ballot Munch won out by tea votes
of a majority.
This victory brought great joy to the
supporters of the Teutonic nominee's
friends, as it is expected to bring him the
German vote.
For the Assembly M. E. Irwin of the
Thirtieth, A. N. Morpan of the Thirtv
first, and T. Pennington of the Thirty
third districts received nominations.
In consequence of there being thirty-five
candidates before the convention for I
the office of Supervisor a commit
tee of tliree foraacn Assembly District was
appointed to investigate ana report to the
convention the men who they believe to '
be the most worthy for the place. A like i
committee was appointed on School Di
rectors.
It is expected shat the convention will
conclude its nominations by Saturday
night. _______^___
THE GIRLS' TRAINING HOME.
New Quarters on Natoma Street— Honse-
Warming Yesterday Afternoon.
The new quarters of the Girls' Training
Home at 147 Natoma street, near Second,
was opened for inspection yesterday after
noon and a large number of ladies paid a
visit to the premises. They are located in
a four story building, the three upper
floors of which have been fitted up for
lodging purposes to accommodate the
twenty- three inmates and young women
who are without homes. There are offered
plainly furnished, comfortable rooms at
nominal cost and such as room there can
obtain meals at the Young Women's
Christian Association at 1 cent a dish.
The home receives girls who are arrested
for minor offenses. It educates them,
teaches them useful occupations and finds
places for them, keeping a supervisory
watch over them, and in that way has
been doing much Rood.
An interesting programme was rendered
at the house-warming yesterday.
AN OLD-TIME CROOK.
Charles H. Davis Arrested for Bobbing
Carroll Cook in Stockton.
Charles H. Davis, alias Strauss, a noto
rious ex-convict, was arrested early yes
terday morning on the corner of Market
and Powell streets by Detectives Gibson
and Wren. Jtle was taken lo the City
Prison and booked en route to Stockton.
He is accused of being the man wno
robbed Carroll Cook of a watch and some
valuable papers during the Native Sons'
celebration in Stockton.
Davis is WJ years of Bgo, and has a long
criminal record. He was first convicted in
Troy, N« V., in 1853 of robbery, and has
since served most of his time in different
penitentiariea on various c arges. In 1892
he got four year-) in San Quentin for bur
glary, and in December last he got six
months in the County Jail for having bur
glars' toolb in his possession.
BEARS, GATORS, TIGERS
The Great Count de Beauregard
Tells of His Quest for
Big Game.
Some Thrilling Experiences in Canada,
Cuba and the Mountains of
Vera Cruz.
The Count de rseauregard, the giant
nobleman of France, who has arrived at
the Palace Hotel, is the theme of much
talk among the guests U ere. He \n a mag
nificent specimen of young manhood, be
sides he is traveled, debonaire and a great
hunter.
He has been away at St. Johns Lake,
in Quebec, on the trail of bears, and fish
ing in the lake for the gamy land-locked
salmon, known there as the winanish.
The Count and his associates put in a week
there fishing and enjoying themselves in
divers ways.
"It was seven days of as unalloyed hap
piness as I ever experienced anywhere,"
said the Count lo a Call representative
yesterday. "In the seven days we caught
115 magnificent salmon, the average
weight of each being about four or tive
pounds. They were not so very big, but
these fish are very gamy. My partner
caught one, for instance, and he jumped
so much that he jumped right into the
canoe. I hud one fish myself tbat jumped
no less than thirteen times. I have
bunted and fished all over tbe conntry,
but I never found a pJace where the lisa
were so gamy as in tbat lake. They're
beautifully colored, too.
"The bears we got there were the brown
and cinnamon bears of that cou.itry. We
saw no grizzlies. We didn't bave time to
go very far into the forests. One bear that
we shot there — a big fellow — managed to
get away from v«. How seriously tie was
wounded I don't Know, but at any rate we
couldn't find him. Prior to going to
Canada I was down in Cuba ana hunted
considerably down there. There are a
great many ducks there, and hunting
these ducks is line sport. Hut a far liner
sport is hunting the alligator. I had a lot
of experience at this and had a magnifi
cent time. I killed three alligator;. I
suppose I'm not entitled to any particular
credit for killing them, because you know
anybody can kill alligators. Still, it'a a
fine sport; a good deal of spice about it.
"I saw a great many interesting things
in Cuba while I was there. While I was
in port there was a big ship there loaded
down with 1600 rebel prisoners. Over in
Morro Castle there was a lot more. If you
get In there you stay forever. There it no
such tli ing as getting out.
"I had intended when in Mexico, where
I was for some time, to bave a try at tbe
Mexican tigers. But it v.as raining and
the roads were rough. My horse sank up
to his middle. I'm pretty heavy, of course,
and it would be expected that a horse
I would go down some in muddy roads,
but these roads in Mexico discount any
thing on the earth tbat I ever saw before.
However, I had some pretty good hunting
experiences there. I was in the moun
tains of Vera Cruz and killed quite a lot of
game indigenous to that section. Tbe
game included the vari-colored birds and
tbe small animals tbat inhabit the moun
tains of that tropical country.
"On my way here ov<»r the Southern
Pacific Railroad I saw in Naw Mexico and
Arizona large bands of antelope. They
were a beautiful sight as they moved
hither and thither over the great stretches
of undulating prairie. I was so much
fascinated with mem that I tbink I will
go back there and bunt them for a time,
then I will go to New York, where I am
called by business, after which I hope to
come back here and proceed on a tour
around the world. I wanted to go direct
from San Francisco, but this business
matter of mine causes ma to add 10,000
miies more to ray trip."
John D. Bliss of New Yoric is traveling
with Count de Beauregard. Thd gentle
men were around town yesterday seeing
the sights. They intend visiting the park,
Presidio and some of the suburban places
before setting out to hunt the antelope.
ARRAY OF NATIONS
IN CARNIVAL GUISE
Fete of the Women's Edu
cational and Industrial
Union.
THE POETRY OF MOTION
Features of the Grand March
and Three Magnificent
Tableaux.
NAMES OF THE PARTICIPANTS
Very Fine Programme of Classical
Selections Rendered at the Mu
sical Bcoilu
Crowds thronged Native Sons' Hall last
night at the second evening of tbe "Car
nival of Nations." This novel and mag
nificent entertainment is leiog carried on
under the auspices of the "Women's Indus
trial and Educational Union, and thus far
gives every indication of proving a mag
nificent success.
Miss Columbia and Uncle Sam led the
grand march last night, being closely
lollowed by Shakespeare, who escorted
Queen Elizabeth. Her Majesty's court
train of crimson velvet and snowy ermine
was borne by six liveried pages.
The musio was supplied by the Hebrew
Orphan Asylum band of forty pieces,
under the able and experienced direction
of Professor Manser. The march was a
dream of beauty, the costumes being
gorgeous beyond description, while the
beauty of California's native daughters
needs not to be described. The" boys
looked well enough, particularly Turkey's
Sultan and the Czar of Russia, not to
speak of Uncle Sam.
Three splendid tableaux were given
during tbe evening, the first being "The
ophllus Selecting His Bride," by the Rus
sian booth, the following-named persons
participating: Mrs. Ella Sexton, Mrs.
Josephine Sorbier, Mr. Auradou, C. Swa
sey, Mr. Thompson, Mr. O'Neill, Mr.
Flinn, Miss E. Gehrals. Miss Lathrop,
Miss E. Scott Vance, Miss Althof, R.
Hunt, Albert Palmer, Mr. Marcuse, Mr.
Anderson and Arthur Bert.
Another finenableau, "Diversions of the
Harem," was given by the Oriental booth, i
the following named taking part: Mrs. !
Isndore Burns, president; Mrs. Horace ;
Wilson, Misses Marie Sorbl«r, B. Good- i
man, T. Ternan, A. O'Leary, Mabello Mor
ton. Lottie Perkins, Messrs. John Flinn,
C. K. Mcggett, Phil Sch«n, P. J. Farrcll,
W. Thompson, Ed Lane, Daniel Coleman,
Charles Ewing, Brown and Hadji Raphael.
Two fine tableaux were also given by
the Italian bootb, "The Beheaaing of
Beatrice Cenoi" and "An Italian Vine
yard Scene," among those wno took part
Deing the following named: Mme. Ste
fani, president; Miss Rottanzi, vice-presi
dent; Mrs. Steinman, secretary; Miss
Whitelaw, Misb J. "Walker, the Misses
Green. Miss R. Marcband, Miss M. Ken
nedy. Miss May Sullivan, Miss K. Dona
hue. Miss C. Donahue, Miss Adelie Rot
tanzi, Miss Lavea<;a, faiss M. Laveaga, Do
minlco Rossi. Aric Francis, Mr. Anderson
and Mist B. Kennedy.
During tbe evening the following pro
gramme was rendered at the music bootn:
Duetto, ''Rlpetl a me" (Badla), Mme. Leo
poldlna Steffani and Stgnor Alfredo Bor
llni; CAVatina, "Lleti Signore" (Meyerbeer),
Miss Nell Couch; duet, "La Gi'oconda"
(Ponchlelll), -Mrs. Georgie Stout and
Mine. Steffani; melodia, "Eternamente"
(Mftfcheroni), Signer Alfredo Borllnl;
violin solo, "Airs Russes" (Wlenlawski),
Arthur Johannsen, accompanist Mrs. A. Jo
hannsen; canzone, "Stride la Vampa," "Trov
atore" (Verdi), Mrs. 11. Lewis: aria, "La Mia
Bandiera" (Rotoli), Dr. Tulio Kottanzl: segue
dilla, "Presso 11 Bastion," "Carmen" (Bizet),
Mrs. Cathie Coursen-Campbell; duo, "Si la !
Stanchezza." "II Trovatore" (Verdi), Senorlta
Andrea Mojiea and Edward Lotz.
The attendance was exceedingly large
and the affair seems to have been taken
up extensively by the leaders in society
circles.
A TALE FROM THE SEA.
Harry Rose Says He Was Bound,
Gagged, Blindfolded and
Shanghaied.
He Made His Escape in a Boat in
Mid-Ocean With the Assistance
of a Waiter.
For the past three or four days Detec
tive Harry Reynolds has been hunting
around the water front in quest of a
Mexican bark manned by piratical-look
ing men, but has given up the search as
hopeless.
It was all caused by a story that Harry
Rose told and which has proved that
Harry is blessed with an extraordinarily
powerful imagination. Still he declares
tbat every word is true.
Harry is 15 years of age and stands 5
feet 10 inches in his shoes. He is em
ployed in tbe Fulton Iron Works and a
week ago last Monday he left his uncle's
house, 914^ Devisadero street, to go to
work, but ne did not reach there. His
disappearance was reported to the police
and to the joy of his uncle he returned
home last Friday night. To account for
hia disappearance he told a thrilling story,
which he afterward repeated to the police.
He said while on his way to the iron
works he met a man who gave him $2 and
induced him to go to a room in some
place he did not know. There he was
bound, gagged and blindfolded and at
night was taken in a Hack to the water
front. He was put in a small boat and
rowed out to a vessel. They boarded the
vessel and be was put in the forecasts
after the handkerchief had been removed
from his eyes. He saw a lot of men with
swarthy faces and black whiskers and
over the entrance to the forecastle was a
Mexican namo in gold letters beginning
with the letter "Q."
They pulled up anchor and sailed away.
Harry felt sick and he asked a waiter who
served him with coffee In tbe forecastle to
save him. He gave the waiter $2 and at 2
o'clock next mornintr, while the vessel
was anchored in mid-ocean ana two men
NEW TO-DAT.
It is wise for a grocer to
sell the tea that his cus-
tomer likes. Schillings Best
makes business and keeps it.
In packages only.
4 Schilling; ft Company .
~ San I'rancisco fit
! KgW to-pat.
| Ho!esinYoiitHealth,|
!? -^n~ Si
<o What does that mean ? Sup- %
I 1) pose you are taking in money <?[
JiS all day, and drop it into a I 1
<| pocket with holes; you -will <] !
|ft find yourself a loser instead of a '
<| a gainer by the day's business, * !
.](> Same with your health. You (i|
Cv eat and drink and sleep, yet ;| >
]•) lose instead of gain strength. ('[
*l There's a hole in your health. $• ■
]') Some blood disease, probably, J ( [
v sapping your vitality. You h
(j> can't begin, too soon, to take Vi,
]ft the great blood purifier, ?! [
i Ayer's Sarsaparilla. |i
y (' '
were at the helm, it was so rough, the
waiter and he secretly lowered a boat and
rowed for hours till they reached land
about ninety miles below Santa Cruz.
There they parted.
Harry walked for throe days and three
nights, finally reaching Watsonville.
From there he walked to Santa Cruz,
where he boarded a freight train and
reached home Friday night.
•—• — ♦ — *
BOUGHT LOCOMOTIVES.
T. Anal Tells of the Wonderful Stride*
of Japan in Varioua
Line*.
T. Asai of Japan, who Is connected in
an Important way with tne famous Kam*
waa Railroad, which extends from Kobe
into the interior, is in the City. He has
been on an extended visit to Europe and
the Eastern part of the United States.
He bought two locomotives in New
York and three in England, besides a great
deal of machinery of different kinds, and
all this is to be forwarded soon to Japan.
"We will build our own cars," said Mr.
Asai, "and this is why we have bought so
much machinery. Later on we will build
our own locomotives. "We do not intend
to stop till we (an equip all our roads com
pletely from our own snop-<.
"Japan since the war is making great
strides'. Times are flush and there is great
activity in all branches of business. The
war seems to have helped us."
Mr. Asai will soon sail for home.
HEW TO-LAT- AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLf OPERA-HOUSE
| Mbs.Krnestinb Kbet,tnh. Proprietor & Manager
The Grand Opera, Season
RRTURff OF TMK FAVORITES!
THIS BVHNINQ
Verdi's Divine Inspiration, - .; "'
"AIDA!"
» ** «» ~ » — "^~^~^■^'~LJ-LJ^JnJ^J->>-^J^^^J^^^-l_r>«-^^->_*vJ»
Cast includes :
"i 1 ?, 1 ?- NAT ALI, BKRNICE HOLJIKS,
RHYS THOMAS, AIAURICK UK VRIES.
SW. AEIIAMUFP, Slu. NAI'OLEOXI.
Etc. Etc. Etc.
A Perfect, Production in Every Detail.
300 People on UiQiiia^'e.
In Preparation : : ; t SATANELIA
Popular Prices— 2sc and 3Oc.
rfIICOLAnOLR.6Orn.OD tt q>- ttsKj A.IB iwimcim • • •
•'Lives there a man with soul so dead
Who never our ads hath read,
And gleaord from thorn the place to go
To always see a first-class show T"
THEN COME QUICK! SEE
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY I
Presenting Strele Jiackaye'a Great Play,
I3W, SPITE OP .^.XjXjJ
Next Monday "Farewell Week!"
gag* cure Your Seats Now.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MORO3CO, Sola Lessee aud ilauii»:
KVEETBODY WAS THEKK!
KVKUVBODY WAS PLEASED!
INSTANT SUCCESS OF
L. B. STOCRWELL. VICTORY BATEHAIf.
In Guuter'a Most Successful Work,
"MR. POTTER OF TEXAS!"
Beautiful Gowns! Splendid Accessories
Gorgeous Scenery !
Evening Prices— lOo. 3r.c and ROo.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
n'Faireli HKMti JL.tw^on Stockton an<l Powstl.
Week Calnmoiicliia Monday. Sept. at,
Matinee -To-Day (Wednesday), Sept. 28.
Parquet, any seat, 25c: Balcony, any seat, 10a.
Children, 10c, any part.
BILEY AND HUGH KB
PI antatlon Comedians and Dancers.
CAKPOS BKOTHKKB, European Acrobat*.
MASIKR W'ALTKB LEON.
The Boy Actor, Mimic and Vocalist.
83— People in New Vauduvtlle Specialties!— 23
Coming— Famous Royal Hawaiian Band
and Glee Club. .
BEI.ASCO, Doaxk & Jordan 1 . .Lessee 1 * Managers,
The Artistic Triumph or the Week!
SIVOROXIt
PRlCKS— Kvenlng: 15c, 250, :5.-»c:ind 50*.
' JUatlneo: llio, «.">«•, and 35c. - ■
Secure Seats by Telephone, Black 991.
aiATIXKKS SATDKDAY AND SUSP \ Y.
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Railway on KjirtJil
Open Daily from 1 toll P. M.
Special To-day at 4: 30 and 10 P. M.,
| ANTONIO PI mil Will Hide town the Chute*
on a Bicycle and Land in the Lake.
The Wonder of the Century Is the
AKTHMATOSCOFE S
Superior to the Vitascop*-. ■-•--'
ON EXHIBITION every Evening.
In the Casino £$S»Si
IRENE COOK, Uanseuse.
LOUIS MKYtItS, "King of Clubs."
. MUSICAL FLETCHER.
And a Great Bio: Bill !
SATURDAY .N'KHIT-Pi.tgEl) KNIGHTS!
ADMISSION lo OENT3.
Children, including Hide, 5 cents.
MECHANICS' FAIR.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION
PAVILION, LAKKIN I»TKKKT,
GRANDEST EXPOSITION OX BKCOBD
HINRICHS' FINE ORCHESTRA,
Toting for the Five Best Exhibits
September 11 to October 1.
PRIZES SIX GOLD MEDALS. '
See the Magnificent Display of Live Pish!
Wednesday, September'23— Military night. Mill,
tary selections. •
Thursday, September 24— Fraternal night. Uni-
form Rank. Knights of Pythias.
• Friday, September '25— League of the Cross Ca-
dets: .Native sons of the Golden- West: Native
Daughters of the Golden West; League of Ameri-
can Wheelmen: 9 P. v., rendering of patriotic
songs by the pupils of the Franklin Grammar
School.
Saturday, September 26, afternoon— Babies' day
beautiful prizes for Handsomest Babies (la prises)
children 2 to 5 years of age: Stanford University
day, College airs:' San Francisco Commercial
i Traveler*' Association; .Literary Exercises in Art
Gallery.
' Admission 3Sc, Children 15c.——
OPEN DA\ AND EVENING.
SUTRO BAT Ha
Open Daliy from 7 a. m. Until 11 p. m.
Concert Every Afternoon and Krenln*
General Admission— 10c, Children ss.
78
KOWALSKY MADE A
STIRRING SPEECH
Protection and Coinage Is
sues in Plain Saxon
and Logic.
O'BRIEN'S QUESTIONS .
He Wanted to Know What Con
gressman Maguire Had Done
for the State.
BISK OF JAPANESE INVASION.
Mr. O'Brien Suggests a Danger to
American Workingmen and
Dwells on Protection.
There have been many good audiences
in the Auditorium, but not one of them
was larger or more intelligent or enthusi
astic than the audience which assembled
last night. It wai one of the largest be
cause many hundreds of late comers were
enable to gain an entrance. It was also
one of the most intelligent audiences that
ever assembled at any political meeting in
this State, and the spontaneous and long
continued outbursts of cheering showed
that no audience could have been more
enthusiastic.
The fair sex lent its presence in goodly
numbers in tbe galleries and applauded as
liberally as did the men.
The meeting was opened by Chairman
Charles M. Shortridge, who made a brief
speech, in the course of which he said that
he had made a pledge here not long ago
which be desired to repeat, and that was
tn at he pledged the people of this State
that if San Francisco, bis adopted City,
did not give its vote for McKinley he
would undertake, by way of penalty,
although not a swimmer or an athlete, to
swim from tbe foot of Market street to
Goat Island on the 4th of November. But
he believed that it would bs much harder
for the Democratic party to swim out of
the sea of despondency into which it will
have Deen plunged.
Chairman Shortridge then introduced
Thomas B. O'Brien, nominee for Congress
from the Fourth District. Mr. O'Brien
made a brief but logical and convincing
argument on the necessity for protecting
American industries. He taxed his oppo
nent with having done nothing for his
district in the past four years, and pointed
out the fact that Sacramento and San
Jose were enjoying their new postofiices,
while San Francisco had nothing but tlie
site full of Democratic anger-holes. His
opponent had been an advocrate of free
trade, wnich had opened up British mills
and factories and closed American hives
of industry.
Mr. O'Brien followed by complimenting
Iriisn-American citizens on their loyalty
to the land of their adoption. With re
gard to the Democratic flourish of trum
pets on the railroad funding bill, he aaid
that the Republicans of California had
proclaimed themselves in their last State
platform in favor of compelling the rail
road corporations to pay their debts to the
Government in tbe same manner as every
man who owes it a dollar.
Mr. O'Brien was frequently interrupted
\utb rounds of applause, and left an ex
cellent impression on his hearers.
Miss Ella Ellis, one of the sweetest sing
ers at Republican meetings daring this
campaign, entertained the audience with
topical songs.
Colonel Kowalsky began as follows:
Mr. President, Ladies and Gentlemen and
Fellow-citizens: The momentous question is,
Do you want the mines of the world openea
for the millionaires of the world? or, Do you
want the factories of America opened for the
millions of laboring men of America?
Do you want tree trade, free silver, dishonor
and uuhappiness? or, Do you want protection,
honest money, prosperity and happiness ?
Answer with your votes in November, and
tell with no uncertain voice the loyal people
in every other part of America that California
is in line for the Naiion, having done her duty
in sustaining the banner ol protection, giving
reverence to the memory of the late beloved
James G. Blame and likewise honoring the
living apostle of this great principle, the Hon
William McKinley of Ohio.
After charging that tbe Democracy was
a failure on financial matters the speaker
said:
As loud as any other man In the Democratic
party at that time to insure prosperity
through the medium of free trade was the
voice of William J. Bryan, the Democratic-
Populistic Wateon-Sewall candidate for the
Presidency. Four years ago he promised with
all the earnestness of his nature and all the
eloquence of his speech to give to tne great
American people better prices for their crops
more wages tor their daily labor and a general
glow of prosperity to the entire country, if the
Democratic party were permitted to carry out
the doctrines of free trade; and If the ultra-
Democratic members of the Democratic Con
gress that passed the Gorman-Wilson bill had
been in full sway and conld have controlled to
the full limit of their wishes, in place of hard
times from which we are now suffering we
would be in a state verging on ruin to-day.
The few sensible and conservative Demo
crats who live in a country where protection
is absolutely necessary, and whose constitu
ents insisted that the products raised and
the articles manufactured by them must be
protected, together with the Republicans who
were members of the House of Representa
tives, as well as of the Senate, stoou by and
forced at least some concession in the interest
of American products and American labor
Imagine, it you can, how much more ter
rible the whole situation would have been if
they had exercised to the very limit, in all of
Us intentions, the doctrine of free trade Let
me show you a picture: Come with me to Bir
mingham, Manchester and the othe" great
manufacturing cities of England. Eight years
ago— yes, even four years ago. their factories
were closed, their capital was unemployed and
their workingmen at home.
Come bacic to this, our own dear country at
the same period of time: Go down through
the valleys of Perms Ivania, along the Hud
•on.in New York, and through the spindle
factories in New England. See tlie smoke
from those chimneys and the lights of the mr
uaces, making night seem almost like day
and tbe hum of the spindle and the sound of
the anvil can be heard to ring unceasingly
from early morn until late at night. Every
one of our people employed at good wnges
the product of their labor being consumed
here at home, sold at a price that makes it
possible for the manufacturer to earn a profit
and to give to his workingmen a lik*. profit
to the producer of the raw material a fair
profit; the consumer able to pay a reasonable
price, because that which he does— the occu
pation in which he is engaged— is equally lu
crative, and he la aDle to give a part of the
profit which he earns to hirfellow-mau-to the
man wbo produced the raw material to the
man who invested his capital, to each and
every one of his fellow-citizens who, like him
self, are toilers, and make up a part of the
great commonwealth. There was asingular and
peculiar reciprocity of prosperity between
them.
What is the difference to-day? The warning
that went forth from the throats of the patri
otic Republicans who sought to stem and stay
this awful condition was unheeded It was
thought there must bo some truth in the sr>len
did promises made by the Democratic party—
promises which fairly illuminated the skips
with their brilliancy. The great American
people— those who voted with the Democratic
party, and the woikingmen particularly— said
It was impossible for a party made up of great
men, for a party made up of men of education
and of brains to be so absolutely mistaken as
they have proved themselves, they could not
believe that the Democratic party was telling
and promising that of which no part could be
carried out ; and when they were told that
they woula be the sufferers, that the working
cusses of the country would suffer, that this
thing wasdirected at them, that ihe rich httd
nothing to lose, that It was the poor man who
COLONEL HENRY L KOWALSKY, Who Made a Telling Speech
at the Auditorium Last Night.
would receive the thrust, the same arguments,
the same kind of promises were renewed to
the workingmen until they were lured away.
And I ask you, my iellow-citizens, who has
received the blow— upon whom has it fallen
most severely? The workingman can answer
this— he, his wife and his children are the
sufferers. The rich can live anyhow; the rich
can live on what they have laid by; the rich
can draw from their stores. The poor man has
to earn his sustenance, day by day; and when
he does not labor he does not carry home food
to the wife and to the children who are wait
ing there for it.
And now we are confronted with another
picture— the result of the. broken promise* of
the Democratic party. Let us look once again
at Manchester, Birmingham and all tiie other
manufacturing cities of England. Let us
traverse Germany and France. There we find
that the furnaces which were silent, the chim
neys which were smokeless, the spindie which
was falling apart from nonuse are again in
action. Their furnaces are burning; their
chimneys are giving for'h the ligut that is
making nieht as day. They are prosperous
and are growing rlcn. The workingmen of
England, of Germany, of Scotland and of all
the other countries lying within that greatand
broad land where labor is cheap and plentiful
are now employed.
And who are "their customers — for whom are
they laboring to-day? They are working every
moment for the American peojile; they are
working for the workingmen of America:' they
are working for the midille classes vi America ;
they are working for tiie rich of America; they
are doing our work, while our factories are idle,
our furnaces are cold, our spindles are itilJ
and our workincmen are out upon the high
way, and we can hear their murmur and their
cry for bread.
Ten millions of people without work!
Ask the Democratic pary why; ask William
J. Bryan why; yes, ask this Democratic-Popu
listic-Silverlte if this is what he calls a redemp
tion of a promise; ask him if this is what he
calls good faith; ask him if he expects you to
believe In him again 1 Ask yourselves, with
this experience in the past, can you dare to
believe him in the future? Forgot, if your
hunger will permit you, to consider the rem
edy he offers you for the mistake he has made.
Let us look at the perscription which tills in
competent doctor ventures lor our now im
poverished and weak frame: "Free and un
limited coinage of silver at a ratio of 1(3 to 1,"
which means when analyzed, the open
ing of the mints of the United States of
America to the silver of the whole world, irre
spective of the place whence it comes; the
silver product of Mexico, dug from the bowels
of Mexico with 30 cents a day labor; from
South America, with labor at 15 cents a
day; and from all over the world. The mints
of America, maintained by the workmen of
America, maintained by the middle classes of
America, mainlined by the rich of America,
the American taxes, levied upon the American
people, are to maintain mints to com every
body's silver into American dollars— into
American dollars only in name, and not in
value— a dollar only in pretense; the worst
kind of a dollar, the poorest kind of a dollar— a
dollar worth 47 cents less than a genuine gold
dollar!
After showing some of the commercial
and natural absurdities of the single silver
standard plan the colonel went on to ex
plain about tbe ratio.
To-day in tbe market the ratio is more than
31 of silver to 1 of gold. That is why th 9
HON. THOMAS B. O'BRIEN, Republican Nominee for Congress
man in the Fourth Congressional District.
silver dollar of Mexico is only worth 50 cents
in gold in America. Now that it is more than
v i s wor:h or -b' half the price. Yet
the silver-mine owner insists that he only
ought to be made to (five 68 ceu is worth of
silver in Dlace of a full dollar's worth fora
dollar. Is this honest? Is this fair? Does
the Government protect your commodity,
your labor, with a guaranteed proiit of 47
cents on each dollar? ]f n does not why then
should this preference be given to the silver
mine owner?
Naturally you ask: "Why Is our present sil
ver dollar possessed of the purchasing power
that the gold dollar is possessed of?"
The answer Is simple M nd plain: It is be
cause, first, you can take five of our silver dol
lars to tne United States treasury and eet a
five-dollar gold piece for them, fhe Govern
ment is behind our silver doliar under our
present system, and the way our Government
is able to make good the difference between
the value that is contained in the silver dollar
ana the lack of value to make i; a dollar is be
cause there is behind the Government the gold
to redeem with. If the Government had aoth
ing but itself— no go d with which to take up
the silver— you would very goon find silver
tumbling over, and the American dollar would
not be worth any more than the Mexican dol
lar—fifty cents. Wo would hay« nity-ceni dol
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1896.
lars in this country lust the same aa they have
in Mexico.
On this proposition the speaker paid his
respects to the silver millionaires — the
Haywards, the Newlands, the Stewarts,
the Joneses, and the others who are at the
bottom of this agitation.
The colonel's speech was a fine and well
studied effort, and would occupy eight
columns of Thk Cas-l in small type.
Mrs. Addie L. Ballou followed with a
few witty remarks, after which the meet
ing adjourned.
THE END IS AT HAND.
The Marceau Suit Said to Be
Neariiig a Compro
mise.
Necessary Papers in the Case Are
to Be Filed in a Day
or So.
It is understood that a settlement of the
Marceau case is near. The cash is at
hand and all dirlicultiea have been ad
justed.
Theo Marcenu sued for $106,000, the
amount he claimed was owed to him, and
a divorce.
The case has dragged wearily along
since the last ot September, 1895, for it was
in that month that Mrs. Marceau de
serted him. Soon after the separation
Mr. Marceau by the aid of a nurse stole
one of the children, which Mrs. Mar
ceau obtained again by legai proceedings.
Since then the case has assumed a very
bitter turn, and promised to last longer
than now appear*.
It seems now that all the difficulty has
been adjusted, and that papers have been
signed entirely vindicating Mrs. Marceau.
The $106,000 thp.t Mr. Marceau sued for in
the beginning has been cut down to $30,000
by compromise, which appears to bd a
very advantapeous one for Mrs. Marceau,
who had to mortgage her Fisk property
and the Allen block in Fresno to obtain
the cash.
As the case now stands Mr. Neville and
Judge Short have loaned the money to
Mrs. Marceau, ami the case will be settled
to-morrow, or at least in a few days. Mr.
Marceau was ordered by tbe court to pay
Mrs. Marceau $10 a day alimony, but it
appears that up to date Mr. Marceau has
only paid into her hands $300, which went
in settlement for rent of a residence she
then occupied.
Just before that time Mr. Campbell had
loaned her $800 to satisfy the demands of
certain creditors, and for which Mrs. Mar
ceau gave a wedding present as a pledge.
The mutual friends of both Mr. and Mrs.
Marceau are very anxious that a settle
ment occur as soon as possible, and they
aver that such a settlement is soon to
take pl-ice.
The papers in the case will be filed to
dny or to-morrow.
Union Blags-Meeting-
On Sunday afternoon next Mltss Anna Shaw
will, by special request, preach a gost>el ser
mon in the auditorium of the Young Men's
Christian Association, Mason and Ellis streets,
at 3 o'clock. Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper will preside
and introduce MUs bhaw. There will be spe
cial music for the occasion. The main body of
the hall will be re erved for men and the gal
lery and balcony for ladies.
- Loans on diamonds. •• Interest , low. At Uncle
Harris', 15 Uraut avenue. •
DECAPITATED BY
A STREETCAR
Burglars Interrupted in
Their Early Morning
Work.
HATES-STREET CAR 207
Catches a Telephone Wire and
Cuts Off a Lamppost's
Head.
A CBIME WAS PREVENTED.
Early Morning Roof and Porch C imb
ers Who Were Fjiled by the
Detective Cable-Car.
A cable-car, in the role of a detective, is
somethine out ol the ordinary. Yet there
is such a car running on the Market-street
system, and until yesterday morning this
fact was unknown.
It is car 207 on the Hayes-street line, it
is one of the only cars in tde entire service
that has not, at some time or other, run
over come infant or winged an adult.
This particular car, quite evidently, has
been silently bent on doing work in an
other way, protecting life and property
instead of sacrificing the one and allowing
the other to be despoiled.
It was on tbe down trip — meaning east
ward—on Hayes street, shortly after 5:30
o'clock yesterday morning, that car 207
"showed its hand," as parlance goes. On
the down grade between Buchanan and
Laguna streets it encountered a swaying
telephone wire reaching from the roof of
615 over to the other side at 624.
The wires caught in the roof of the car,
where the ventilators are located, and by
it was dragged along down grade like a
bull would plunge away with a riata.
As the wire became taut on the port
side it caught up the lamp of one of the
very few gas company's posts in that
neighborhood. The tension was so great
that the lamp flew off and hung limp on
its post, and the wire was carried on a
dozen feet more before it snapped under
the superior power of the cable and the
detective car.
Without details as to the fright of the
passengers who were rudely awakened by
a succession of jolts and jerks from the
semi-somnolent state following the recent
exit from a pleasant couch, the detective
feature of car 207 may be briefly gone into.
Unlike the members of Captain Lees'
so-called "upper office," who await the
commission of a crime and then try to
arrest tfie criminal, with frequent mis
carriage of result, the car broke right in
on one or more burglars, routed him or
them in short order and went its way.
The report of the affair was made at
headquarters before noon ye«t«rday, and
an investigation followed, resulting In the
disclosure of a plan to rob the house at
617, on the south side of Hayes street.
There is every indication on tbe roof of
the building — a two-story modern house —
that one or more persona had reached the
roof by means of the ladder in the rear of
the water-tank. The supposition is that
the burglar, in lowering himself to the
front porch so as to gain admission to the
second story through the hallroom win
dow, broke the telephone wire from its
insulator, and it hung in a loop across the
street. The wire originally was strung
east and west from 615 to 617 and thence
across to6J4, and the sagging allowed it to
hanc just low enough to be caught by the
roof of the detective-car.
"There was no robbery or burglary on
the premises," Captain l«ees said yester
day. "A wire caught in the car and broke
a lamp-light, that's all."
Captain Lees, however, has a number of
his best men out scouring Hayes Valley
and the Richmond district, where bur
glaries have recently been numerous and
undetected.
NEW TO-DAY.
His Years Tell.
rpHEY TELL HIM .THAT HE 18
- 1 - growing old fast. Other things, too,
make him realize that he is not what he
was. Youthful excesses bring their fruit,
and what ought to be vigorous manhood
at sixty is old age and debility. Vitality
wasted in youth is missed at forty and
mourned at fifty. .
Old men who find themselves weak in
vitality, especially in sexual force, con-
clude that it is but the natural result of
old age. This is not always true. While
there is a physical constitution there
should be good sexual vigor. Dr. San-
den's Electric Belt has restored many old
men to vigorous manhood. Here is one :
Old Age Recuperated.
Home Mutual Insurance Company,
. L. D Hoi brook, Resident Agent, -
Wataonvllle. Santa Cruz County. Cal., April 10.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: Feeling that
you are manufacturing an article that is of
incalculable benefit to mankind. I cheerfully
recommend your Belt for the renewal of vital,
ity that has been wasted. Up to two years ago
I was fast losing my vitality and strength, but
I got one of your belts at that time and I have
since then been a new man. lam 62 years of
age and have found your Belt a wonderful
remedy for rejuvenating old age. I feel ten
years younger since I got your Belt. I cheer-
fully give my experience for the .benefit of
those who need your aid. Yours very truly,
L. D. HOLBROOK.
As long as there is otherwise good health
Dr. Panden will guarantee to renew vital I
and sexual force in men at any age. This
weakness is unnatural and can be cured. :
There are hundreds of letters like the
above to prove it. ,
. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Cores
This waste of power in from two to three
months. . Call and see ■ this v improved
method of treatment, . or get the- new
pamphlet, "Three Classes of Men," free.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
: 080 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Om"e« : hour*: < A ' .*. k. ..»
b:SO p. m.: Sundays, 10 to 1.
Consultation Free and Invited.
J s£'£ Na H E i' Bs ' OFFICES AT: OR*
IX>B ANGELES, CAU, I PORTLAND. OR..
; *>* boutii Broadway. J 253 WasUtngtoa • strati
_^ NEW TO-DAY.
MTOFfpPARIS!
From D^OlsriDA."y, Sept 21,
*©*QREAT SALE OF^.
NEW MUSLIN UNDERWEAR
ATHALF PRICE,
Corset Covers from 30 cents and upward.
Night Gowns from 60 cents and upward.
Drawers from 25 cents and upward.
Skirts from 30 cents and upward.
Chemises from 35 cents and upward.
Unique Opportunity. Uneqnaled Values.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VILjLB PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
MISCELLANEOUS.
1
To
MORROW
To-morrow in this
paper Lyons, the
dottier, will tare
something to say
that will lie of
yital interest to
every man who
wears clothes.
IS THE VERY BEST iNE TO EXAMINB
your eyes and fit them to Spectacles and Eye-
Klasses with instruments of his own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My suc-
cess has been due to the merits of i»y work.
Office Hours— l 2 to 4ml ■ "
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican Remedy: gives Health and
Strength to the Sexual Organs.
RATXROAP THATBB
SAN FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlbnron Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYB-7:SO, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.- 12-a^
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. v. Thursdays-Extra trla
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:ss
and 11:30 P. if.
SUNDAYS— 7 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1)30, 3:3*
6:00. « :20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYB-6:1B, 7:50, 9:10, 1110 a. w
12:46 3:40, 6:10 p. v. Baturdays-Ext»tr&
at 1 :66 p. m. and 6:36 p. v.
B ™6?o£ Y 6^ *. 953S ' 1I:1 ° *■ *•' I:4 * S:4 »
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sam«
schedule aa above. ,
San Francisco. j? p %lt! Ban Frln?lsco.
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am! 8:40 ak
3:30 pm 9:30 am) Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm ; Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm &15 pm
~ ' Fulton, ' I
7:80 am . Windsor, 10:10 am
. Healdsburg, ,
Geyterville,
3:80 pm 7:30 am] Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
| Pieta, ~~" :
7:30 ami Hopland A 10:10 am
B:»upm 7:3oam Ultlah. 7:80 pm 6:16 pm
7:30 am . ■ ~ ■ _ "~~ 10:10 am
7 :30 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
3 :3W PM j 6:15
7 :30 am 7 -.80 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm 6:15 pm
I : !2 AM ~I : 22* I SebastODoL |10:40 AM I 10:10 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm| aeDasM >P<«- | 6:05 pm|: 6:16 pm
Stages connect at Santa • Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skairus Springs- -at i
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland !
Springs/ Kflseyvllle, Soda Bay and Xjilceport; at I
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiett. Springs: at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Spring* Blur*
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Hanhedrln Heights. HuIIvIIIp. Jloonevllle,
Greenwood, OrrVHot Springs, Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, WlUets. Cahto, Co-
v«lo. Laytonvllle. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. . -
:On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bnlMlag.
H.C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS.
Trains connect with North Pacific
Coast Railroad. ■
WEKK DAYS— Leave 8. F. 9:15 A. M. 1:4& P. m.
0 ,. Returnlng-Arrlve S. F. 3:25 pm. 6:20 P. m.
SI. NDA VS— Leave Ba. m 11:30 a. M. I:3 Up.m.
Returning— Arrive 8. F.1 :16 p. 4:20 p.m. 7:35 p.m.
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or ■
UI ,THO.S COOK & SONS. 621 Market St., 8. F.
Hill Valley and iiouni TamaJpaia Scenic Railway.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
S. F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN.
SEPT. 5, 10, 15, 20, 25. 30,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter,
Leave from 8. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot ot
Market ML. at 8:00 p. m
CDEPIAI ) 01 Including Berth,
OrCblAlf OIU Tourist Sleeper.
niTPO \ <Mf> First-class. Including
RATES ' $19 Ber &>*£* d * ri
For further information apply at 813* Market
street (Grand Hotel ticket office), a F.
KICHAKD OKAY, T. H. HOODMAS,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOITIIKRX PACIFIC COHPANT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train* lrn«- nuil are due to >nli« at
SAN I'll A NCI! SVt*.
have — From .September 34. 1896. — abiuvi
•O:OOa Niks. San Jose and Way Stations. . . 8:4.1 a
7:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogilcn and Kast.. 8:-13r
7 :OOa Bcnicia, Vacavilie, Ruir.eoy. Sacra-
mocto, OroviUe and Redding via
Davis 6:4."5p
7:»«a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
toga ami Santa Rosa •:13p
■iHOa Nileß, Han Jose, Stockton. lone.
Sacramento, Marysville and Red
Blurt 4ilsr
"8: 30a Peters ami Milton «7:15r
•:U«a err Orleans Kxpress.Fresno, Bakers-
field, Santa lUrb.-ira.Los Angeles,
pomine, El Paso, New Orleans and
.Cost 4:45p
9:00 a. Martinez and Stockton 11:43 a
O:OOa Vallcjo «:I3p
l:OOp Niles, San Jose anil Livermore 8:43 a
•1:OOp Sacramento River Steamers # 9:OOp
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations t?:43p
4:VOp Martinez, Ran lUmon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistosa, El Verauo and
,i 6auta Roea. . .*» 8: 1 3 a
. ««»Oyßenicia, Vacavillo, Esparto, Wood- "
land, Knights Landing, Marys-
Tillo, Ororilla and Sacramento 10:43 a
4:3»i'Nilea, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:18*
4:30p Merced, Bcrenda, Raymond (for
Yoseiaitc) and Fresno, via Niles. . 11:45 a
S:##r Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles 1O:13a
si*9p Santa Fo lioute, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and Kast 10:13 a
O:oopVaUcjo 11:15 a
6:00 - European Mail, Ogilcn and East.... 0:43 a
«»:OOp nay wards, Niles uud San Jose 7:43 a
J7:OOi- Vallcjo t7:45p
7:00 Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
villo, Re-Ming, PortUud, l'liget
80111111 ond East 11:13 a
SANTA <:i»IZ VISION (XarrotT Uuusej.
$7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations ...... 19:05?
■ :13a Nottrark,Oiitcrvi!lo,SanJose,Felton,
Ooulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations Sts«p
*2:13p Newark. Cent.emlk-, San Jose. New
Almadcn, Felton, Boulder Creek.
, Santa Cruz and. Principal Way
buttons 7; mi:2oa
4:13p Newark, San Jose and l.os Gains i);3O a
COAST 01 VISION (Iliinl A Touiispikl S(g.)
••:43a San .lose anil Way Stations (New
£ J .den Wednesdays only) 9:47 a
17:30 a Su /ay Excursion for San Jose,
o.nta Crnz, Pacific Grove, and
Principal Way Stations 18:35?
• :15a Sin i .lose, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
PaciUc Grove, Paso Roblcs, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalnpe, Surf anil
Principal Way Stations 7:03r
t9i47A Palo Alto and Way SUUons tl:3or
1O:4Oa San Jose and Wny Stations S:OOp
I 1:30 a Palo Alto an.l Way Stations 8:30p
*2:30p San Matco, Mcnlo Park, San Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pluos, Santa Cms,
Balinas,MontereyiMidl > acilicGrgvo Toi4oa
*S:SttpSan Jose, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations *l:30p
•l:3OpSan Jose au.l Way Stations *8:OOa
O:3Op San .lose anil Principal Way Stations "8:48 a
O:3Op San Joso and Wiiy Stations «::i3 \
tll:43i> San Jose and Way Stations f?:4.*ip
' SAN LKAMUItO AND HAVWAKUs IAH;aL.
*»6:OOa"1 • ( 7:15 a
8:OOa I 19:45 a
io.o»a Melme,S€«i««ryPwk, \f*^K
<»{gg* FiteU»rs,S«L.«Mr. j »*g
8:00p • .-a , 4:43p
4:00p . •" 0:43p
8:00p BaTirmrai: **"• 0:1 3p
B:»Op WJWMTM. p 7:43p
7:OOp • J B: *s p
9'OOp • Rnns through to I 10-.IOp
ftll*:l3p J * From Nlles. I tiia«oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Ttm SIS msClSCO— Foot of Market Strut (Slip — ■ .
*7:16 _. 9:00 11:00 A.M. {1:00 •2:00 $3:00
•4:00 * t8:00 *6:00f.m. ->
rromOAIUHD— Foot or Broad »6:00 8:00
10:00 A. H. {12:00 *l:00 (2:00 ' *3:03 tl:00
"3:00 P.M. . ■ ■ ■ -■ ■• ■ • "
A for Horning. P for Afternoon
• Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
it Monday. Thuraday and Saturday nights only.
Atlantic ifflbkgi^
A>D
RAILROAD ftPii ra£j&^
Trains leave and arrive tiK^epfi HmBU
Market-Street Ferry. Wgfcg^ySE
SASTA FEIXPRhSS. |||||
To Chicago via A. & *''Vi£Ssffis?BnrEf
Le»r»u every day at 6 P. *. carrv.ij-< l'ul'man
Palace Drawing-room Nifepf m ai o if^TSil^f
bolstered Tourint Slwping-carsl' with cl«n^. t>P '
and bedding and In churicc-i m pTn.r run d«n2
through 10 Chicago via Kansas Sir Ann, ally
for Denver and St. Louis y " Ann « cms
Personally conducted Boston Kzcnmtnn. -■
•nd rood meals In Harver "dlnlng-r^ms. *^ :
o?*^ ran ? Uco Tlck o* Office, 044 Market
St.. C^=icle Buliaing. T.^phoneMiato
15S1. Oakland. Ills Broadway.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry). '
from Ban Francisco, Commencing Sept. Id, 1893.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley ana ban Kaia«l-*7:25, *9:15.
11:00 a.m.. n:45. 3:45, •5:U.«5:«,11'30 r.^
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11 -.30 p. v. """■•
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Sun Rafael— *B -.00, *10:00
•11:30 a. m. : •lu-O, 3:00, *4:KO, 6:15*. v. •
Trains marked • run to San Uuentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stat!ons-7;25 a. k
dlyt r ' * Bund *>" 8 ' I: * 6 p - *• »•«£
«% c i:S d rK?ur« a ra. 9^ oM - 7:26 *■ * *«*•
HEW TO-PAT 3
IF YOU FEEL SICK,
WEAK AND TIRED,
If You Are Downhearted
-
and Discouraged Through
Repeated Failures to Get
Help, _
DON'T GIVE UP.
■
DOCTOR SWEANY.
He Can Give You Advice
That Will Benefit You and
a Treatment That Will
Make You Well and
Strong.
He is a physician whose rep-
utation is established by the in-
disputable evidence of ten years
of successful practice in San
Francisco, whose skill is un-
questioned, whose ability is rec-
ognized, whose cured patients
are scattered throughout the
city and vast land as living
monuments of his noble work
and successful practice. Med-
ical institutes have risen and
fallen; specialists have come
and gone ; others will come and
go the same as those before
them, leaving their patients
poorer and uncured, but Dr.
Sweany, the reliable, honorable
and skilled specialist, will al-
ways be found at 737 Market
street, San Francisco, extending
to the sick the best, safest and
most successful treatment which
the ripe experience of many
years' practice can furnish.
Diseases of young, middle-aged and
old men which weaken the body
and the brain, causing, nervous
debility in all its distressing
forms, such as wasting away and
atrophy of the organs, night
emissions, drains which sap the
vitality, weak and failing man-
hood, aching back arid diseased
kidneys, a tired feeling, fear of
danger or death, difficult breath-
ing, dizziness of the head, pal-
pitation of the heart, despon-
dency, poor memory, a wander-
ing mind, inflamed glands, vari-
cocele, hydrocele, inflammation
and irritation of the bladder,
difficult urination, enlarged
prostate gland, and all diseases
and weakness of the generative
organs fully and permanently
restored to natural strength and
vigor. Diseases of women scientif-
ically treated and invariably
cured.
Write if away from the city.
Valuable book, " Guide to
Health," a treatise on the dis-
eases of all the organs, free on
application. Address
DR F L SWF ANY 787 Market St.
UIl. T. L. OHLrUII, San Francisco, C»L
The
Subscription List
Of the
Weekly : Call
Has
More Than Doubled
Within the Past Year.
lnltosd»ys.W Whites, unnatural % B l
HEEvANS ChemioiCq. branea. Non-astringent
fggJBLCINCINhATI.O JB I SoM by »ru gUtc, '
3^ll^Xl.B. A. Mm «* sent in plain wnpper
'r 1 "PATENTS 1
>»bs^22Q MARKET ST.s/SSS/FIRST TIME SHE
WAS IN BATTLE
The Oregon's Boat Went
Down Before a Freight
Barge.
AN UNEaHAL CONTEST.
Who Was to Blame Remains to
Be Seen— An Investigation
in Order.
SPEED OF THE EOYAL FOETH.
Made the Passage From Fifty to
Fifty in the Record of Eleven
Days.
Several of Uncle Barn's men had a nar
row escape yesterday. They were on
their way in the provision-boat for the
line-of-battle ship Oregon, when the river
steamer Alvira with a barge in tow, came
along and ran them down. No lives were
lost, but the boat and provisions went to
the bottom of the bay.
The Oregon's launch was on its way to
the warship and the Alvira, with the
barge Orient in tow, was on her way to the
Mission mud flats. The man-of-warsmen
thought they could pass in front of the
river steamer and found out their mistake
too late. Before the boat in tow of the
launch could get out of the way the barge
Orient was on top of it and everything went
out of sight. Two of the men were picked
up by Henry Peterson in the launch Amy,
and Captain Leale of the Caroline picked
up another. The latter boat did a smart
piece of work, and had a boat in the water
and on the scene three minutes after the
accident. The cook on the Aivira threw a
life-buoy with such precision that it en
circled a Chinese member of the provision
crew who bobbed up after the barge had
cleared the way.
The officers and crew of the Oregon
missed their fresh meat for breakfast and
dinner, but later a new boat was sent
ashore and a fresh supply secured.
The Occidental and Oriental Company's
Done arrived from Hongkong via Yoko
hama and Honolulu yesterday. Among
the cabin passengers were:
G. Stafford Northeote, Miss Belle Smith, Miss
M Hennessey, Oscar Renter. W. Krausch. Mrs.
F. V. McNalr, P. V. McXair Jr., V. G. Robinson,
Mrs. A. Wartenby, F. Hellyer. W. Stradiuisk,
Mrs. Hellyer, B. V. Squire, Commander W. \V,
Reisinger, U. & N. ; E. R. Morris. Mrs. Morris.
-Miss Morris. George Morris, C. Liichenfeider,
H. F. Hcbbofam, Mrs. Fichbohm, Baron de
Batz, W. Lhricuton, Otto Messing, Mrs. A.
Duncan, \V. Freemen, James C. beigfried and
H. Sbewau. ■ '.: -
Commander .Reisinger was in command
of the Monocacy when the old side-wheeler
was reported to have gone down in a gale
on the Chinese coast She is still in com
mission, but Commander Reisinger never
expects to serve on her again.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia sailed f ur Honolulu yesterday witn
th# following caoin passengers:
Miss Edna Ackerruan, Miss Martha Blrge,
Cecil Brown and wife, Robert Catton, wife and
two children, Miss Catton, Master Catton. Mi>s
A. Canfil, James Cumpbeil, wife and two chil
dren, Miss Dlckson, T. H. Gibson, W. M. Uif
fara, John Or«ce, E. Halsteaa and wife, H<r
man Jergens, Miss Kamaiop.i, I_ B. Kerr, M.
Marx, W. H. Mclnerny, Dr. C. W. Moore «nd
«i:e, Mrs. Nawahi, Mrs. J. M. Rothchild, Miss
Rothchild, E. H. Rose. J. H. Schna -k, wife ana
two children. Mrs. S. a Shaw, G. Shuman.
Judge B. A. Widemann, wife and Misses Wide
mann, Alex Young and wife.
The Campbell family are those inter
ested in the Winihrop case. Directly a
conviction was secured the Honolulu mil
lionaire made arrangements to leave for
home. He says that as soon as certain
matters he is interested in in Hawaii are
straightened out be will return to San
Francisco to fight any attempt Winthrop's
attorneys may make for a new trial.
Among the arrivals yesterday were the
D.nsdale, 152 days from Hamburg, the
Esernplo-e, 192 days from Genoa, and the
Royal Forth, 137 days from Swansea.
The latter made the run from 50 to 50
in eleven days, thns making one of
the best of records. The entire trip was
a favorable one, but light winds in the
Pacific prevented a record-breafcing run.
The ships Formosa, John Cook. Heliens
bnrgh and Star of France all sai.ed for
Europe this morning. There is. a rush to
get wheat into England at present, and an
excitins race is anticipated.
A runaway on the water front caused
considerable excitement at the ferries yes
terday. A horse was left unhitched and
with headstall off. While mucning his
oats he took fright and ran away. He
made direct for the crowd that was com
ing of! the Oakland steamer and many
people would have been trampled under
foot had not Sergeant Jack Hayes of
the State Harbor Police rushed
in and secured the animal. He was
badly bruised in the fight, but his
weight told and he brougnt the frantic
animal to a standstill. Sergeants Maboney
and Hayes are very wroth with the drivers
of the mail- wagons. On a number of oc
casions when awaiting the arrival of a
steamer with mail aboard the men have
fed their horses and Incidentally left them
unhitched. The animals proceeded to run
away and the policemen were given a
chase.
News by the Doric is to the effect that
the damage to the Gaelic was greater than
at first anticipated. About forty plates,
nine frames and three bulkheads will re
quire renewal, and as the mainmast was
knocked ont of its step it also will have to
be fixed. It will be a couple of months
before the repairs to the steamer are fairly
under way, as a survey will have to be
held at Hongkong.
UNDER A LOCOMOTIVE.
■William 'Whelan Literally Ground to
Pieces by a Southern Pacific
Engine. ■
William Whelan, employed as a night
watchman at the Southern Pacific yards
at Fourth and Townsend Ptreets, met with
a horrible death yesterday morning. He
was literally ground to pieces by engine
1017, the body being scattered for several
yards along the track.
Just when or how the accident happened
no one seemed to know. Wbelan was to
have reported for duty earlier in the even
ing, but instead employed his time in get
ting drunk. It is supposed that he wan
dered into the yard about midnight and
went to sleep on the tract. Engineer Ed
ward Saunders in charge of engine 1017
did not know of the accident until in
formed by W. T. Hines, who found the
body.
Whelan was paid off Monday afternoon.
Shortly after 7 o'clock he ieit home in
tending to pay rome bills ana later to re
port for duty. His wife never saw him
alive again. No blame whatever is at
tached to Engineer Saunders for the acci
dent.
To KemovH Executors.
A petition for the removal of Charles Ash
ton and Julius Jacobs, executors of the will ol
Solomon O. Heydenteldt, was filed yesterday.
It ii- alleged that they have not acted for Ue
te^t interests of the estate.
One of the Battle-Ship Oregon's Boats in Tow of a Launch "Was Run Down and Sunk by the Barge Orient Yesterday. The Barge "Was
in Tow of the Stern-Wheeler Alvira and Was Bound for Mission Bay. The Four Men in the Man-of-Wa/s Boat Were Rescued.
APPEALS TO THE
WAR SECRETARY
To Prevent Transfer of
the Fifth Artillery to
Florida.
GOVERNOR'S MESSAGE.
Indorsed by the Chamber cf
Commerce and Major-Gen
eral James.
ASSIGNMENT OF BATTERIES.
Many Enlisted Men of the Regiment
Have Decided to Remain
Here.
Earnest protests have been forwarded to
the Secretary of War against the transfer
of the Fifth Artillery Regiment of the
United States arniy from California to
Florida. The following petition was wired
yesterday:
San Fbancisco. Cal., Sept 22, 1896.
To Hon. Daniel Lamont, Secretary of War,
Washington, D.C.: Learning from the public
press that ii is contemplated to remove the
Fifth Anillery from this command at an early
j date, and understanding that their tour of
service has not under the usual custom ex
pired, we, the undersigned, respectfully re
quest that if not detrimental to the United
States service, the orders be reconsidered aud
that the regiment, which is so welt and favor
ably known upon our coast, and in which
every one feels such a sense of security, be al
lowed to complete their tour here.
James H. Btjdd,
Governor of California.
Hugh Craig,
President Chamber of Commerce.
St T. James,
Major-General commanding >'. G. C.
General William M. Graham, command
ing the regiment, sent this appe-1:
The Pbksidio op San Francisco, Cal., >
September 20. 1896. \
The Adjtitant-General United states Aimy,
Wa»hingt,n, D. C: In view of the lact that tue
Fi!th Artillery has served nine and a half years
on Southern stations since 1865, during which
period the First Artillery has served there only
three years, and in justice to the officers and
enlisted rcen of my regiment, I most respect
fully appeal to the honorab.e Secretary of War
to reconsider the order which sends them to
serve another tour in that climate, while the
First Artillery will still have only served one
tour there. This telegram is forwarded direct
with the permission of the department com
mander.
Graham, Commanding Regiment.
Senator Perkins has been informed of
the order transf^rrine the Fifth Artillery
from this station to Florida and may join
in an appeal to the Secretary of War to
have the orderjrevoked or at least snspend
ed|tor a period.
General Ruger, commanding the De
partment of the East, has wired General
Graham to ascertain the latter'a pleasure
concerning the two batteries to be assigned
to regimental headquarters, St. Augustine,
General Graham in his reply designated
Battery A, Captain Benjamin; X, Roberts,
and Battery £ Captain Eibridge R. Hills.
Should General Ruger follow the order
observed in the present assignment of the
batteries of the Third Artillery in the
South Lieulenant-Colone! Sinclair will go
to Barrancas. The three nrnjors will go
respectively to Su Augustine. New Orleans
and Key West. It is understood that
Major Kinzil, the junior major, will be
BtationeJ at St. Augusiine; Major McCrea,
the beniur major, may elect to go to Jack
son Barracks, New Orleans, as General
Ruger may assign him, there. General
Ruger may, however, choose to tend
Major Darling to New Orleans, and in
th.a event Major McCrea would go to Key
West.
According to present indications nearly
a third of the enlisted men of the Fifth
Artillery will elect to remain in California.
The following returns from batteries
stationed at the Presidio were made to
department headquarters yesterday :
In the field staff and band, Fifth Artillery,
eight en'isted men elect to remain behind,
viz.: Principal Musician Albert V. Hofen and
Privates Pnilipp Frenger, Eugene Gilbert,
August Hossield, August Muckrodt. William
Mehienfeld, Ulysses G. Newman and Edward
Tall man.
in Battery A, Fifth Artillery, eighteen en
listed men elect to remain behind, viz.;
Corporal Ferdinand Schaller, Musicians Ed
ward W. Little and Shepherd Piummer and
Privates Augustus A. Anderson, Robert
Browney , Guy Coulter, Dennis Ualpin, Thomas
Harris, James J. Hart, Jesse D. Hudgeons,
John M. Jones, Nathan Lasky, ix>n F.
Poss, Frank Riedcl, Gerard J. Wila, Jakub
Pusa. Clarence P. Arnold and Henry Nleman.
In Battery C, Fifth Artillery, ten men elect
to remain, viz.: Musician George M. Herold
and Privates John L. Vann, Bernard C Hay
deu. William Allen, Charles H. Campboll,
Luther C. Mcßae, Edward McNally, Frank A.
Patton, Charles r. Miller and Fred Menicke.
Iv Light Battery A, Fittb Artillery, fifteen
enlisted men elect to remain, viz. : corporal
Edward Hollenberry, Trumpeters Paul Volk
man and Lewis Dormau and Privates John E.
E. Adam, William H. Chamberlain, Charley
Cooper, William F. Gumper, John Hoffman,
James Kelly, Harry Metzger, Horatio Paine,
Charles Btanley, Charles Waguer, Willis A.
Bisbee and Carl Benson.
In Light Battery F, Fifth Artillery, seventeen
enlisted men elected to remain, viz. : Corporals ■
John 11. Fisher and Henry Kubitza, and
Privates James Carey, Thomas Farrah, John
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1896.
Gallagher, Thomas Goggins, John A. Johnson,
Charles McKenna, Charles F. McCoy, William
D. Musnelman, Dame] J. O'Brien. Henry
Bchurr. Frederick E. Walker, George Wlnulger,
Dean C. Wright, John B. Williams and Jumes
a. Myerly.
In Battery I, Fifth Artillery, fifteen enlisted
men eiected to remain, viz.: Corporal Michael
Henry and Privates William L. Boyer. Walter
T, Cavett, William H. Cutler, Peter Gay,
Michael Holub. John Leacy, George S. Martin,
Moriz McCarthy. Joseph Miles, Albert Mullins,
Peter Sachs, Clarence B. Sidener, John W.
Standis and John Walsh.
In Battery L, Fifth Artillery, eighteen en
listed men elected to remain, viz. : Privates
Robert G. Barton, Robert A. Best, Henry Bro
deur. Joseph Connell. Edward Ellis, AmoeS.
Fenn, Frank Anton, Gottfried Hug. William
Kaufman. Frauk Kessler, John McCandletts,
Julius Wei»N William White. Thomas M.
Shields, Henry F. Chatham, George Zinner
mann, John Brown, John S. Davis.
In Battery M, Fifth Artillery, twenty-two en
listed men elect to remain, viz.: Sergeants Wil-
Hfim Fogarty, William J. Tobin and Huen
Tobin, Corporals JobnTwohit, and John Gunn
ing, Musicians James J. Tobin and Josef Erick,
Privates Andrew Coyner, Henry A. Bckelman,
Timothy Daiey, Frederick A. Foster, Carl A.
Forsell, Andrew liaiu, 1-ilwi.rd Luwscn, Andy
Lyons, Eiiward Neviasser. John C. Pell, Cor.
nevus bpuight, Charles Swope, Robert Tray,
William Timmins and Churles Wooster.
Two batteries stationed at Alcatraz and
one at Fort Mason are not included in the
foregoing list. Neitner does the list in
clude enlisted men who must remain on
account of expiration of term of enlist
ment within mx months.
The duty of arranging for the ttanspor
tation of the Fifth Artillery from Califor
nia to Florida will devolve upon Colonel
J. G. C. Lee, depot quartermaster. After
a return is made to department headquar
ters indicating the number of men to go,
he will have ten days to invite proposals
for transportation.
General O. D. Greene, adjiitant-Reneral
of tl'.e department, yesterday received
reports from the Presidio and Fort Mason
stating the number of men from those
posts for whom transportation will be re
quired.
WILLIAMS IS SENTENCED
Six Years, and a Fine of Ten
Thousand Dollars
Added.
Exhaustive Review of the Motion
of Denftndant's Council for a
New Tria'.
The sensational indictment, dismissal
from the service and final conviction of
Dick Williams terminated yesterday when
Judge Morrow sentenced him to Bix years
in San Quentin, 'with a fine of $10,000
thrown in as a kind of sauce.
Williams received the full penalty of
the law— three years and $5000 on each in
dictment. The convicted man listened to
the sentence with apparent unconcern.
When court opened Williams appeared
to be in fine spirits. There were a goodly
number of spectators present, including
many Custom-house employes.
As had been expected, Judge Morrow's
decision op the motion of Attorney Col
lins for a stay of proceedings and a new
trial was a lengthy affair, nearly two
hours being consumed in its delivery.
Clearly and concisely eyery point in the
celebrated case was gone into, some of the
authorities quoted being from English
courts of earlier days.
The principal point Involved In the ap
plication for a new trial was the introduc
tion by the prosecution of an affidavit
made by Williams in the suit for divorce
instituted in the civil courts by his wife.
It was through this affidavit that the pros
ecution was finally enabled to introduce
Williams' bankbook, showing that he had
deposited $4750 within the abort period of
three months.
Judge Morrow held that the affidavit
was a voluntary admission "not ob
tained by means of a judicial proceeding."
as the defendant was not compelled to
disclose his personal affairs. The conten
tion, therefore, that evidence had been
wrongfully admitted was incorrect An
other point made by de tend ant's counsel
was that Williams bad been tried under a
statute pertaining to revenue officials and
not to employes ot the Custom-house.
His Honor held there was no such term
as "Cninese Inspector of the Custom
house." Williams legally was an officer
of the Treasury Department, and merely
designated as a Chinese inspector. The
statute applied, therefore, to customs
officials as well as those employed in the
revenue office.
This practically terminates the most
famous Federal scandal since the Ciprico-
Boyd conspiracy of some years ago.
it is understood that Williams' attorney
will take an appeal to the United States
Supreme Court. In the meantime Mr.
Collins will make a great effort to secure
his client's release on bail.
Williams expressed himtelf at the
County Jail yesterday as confident of be
ing ultimately acquitted. He declared also
that he would never go to San Quentin,
even for a day- He characterized the trial
as a farce, and that he was now suffering
for the faults of other.
Death Dae to Accident.
An Inquest was held yesterday on the death
of Achllie Waldteufel, the Market-street book
dealer, who was lound dead In his room, 414
Van Ness avenue, on the morning; of Septem
ber 17. Joseph A. and Emile Waldteufel, sons
of deceased, swore that their father's business
was in better condition at the time of his death
than for years previous. The burner which
bad emitted the gas was old-fashioned, turning
all the way round. As their father was a short
man and had paralysis ot the left hand, they
thought the gas had been turned on acci
dentally. The jury, after a few moments' de
liberation, returned a verdict tbat death was
accidental.
Yon Tiedemann Acquitted.
Carl yon Tiedemann was yesterday acquitted
of a charge of grand larceny, preferred in con
nection witn a half-interest Bwindie perpe
trated on Peter Thompson.
ALL BARS TO
FRESNO DOWN
The Attempt to Enjoin the
Valley Road Frus
trated.
WORK TO BE RUSHED.
Preparations Made to Build a
Roundhouse, Turntable
and Depots.
HAVE AMPLE ROLLING STCCK.
Passengers to Be Carried in About
Two Weeks— Bicycles to Be
Transported Free.
By the deci-ion of Judge Risley at
Fresno yesterday, denying the petition of
J. C Bhepard for an injunction against
tiie Valley road, and dissolving the re
straining order granted on last Friday,
day, the last bar to the progress of the
Valley road into Fresno has been re
moved.
This welcome news was received at the
local offices of the company yesterday,
and at once orders were given to rush ail
work on the tracks and terminal proper
ties at Fresno, so that traffic to that point
might begin at the earliest possible day.
The outlook now is that freight busi
ness wili be commenced into and around
Fresno by the beginning of next month,
and thai passenger service from San
Francisco through to Fresno, a total
distance of 245 miles, will be inaugurated
a week or two later.
All the necessary equipment is on band
for both passenger and freight business,
and the deiay is caused by the track con
struction into Fresno along Diana and Q
streets. That along Diana street is now
nearly all laid. There yet remains freight
and passenger depots, a roundhouse and a
turntable to be built in Fresno.
Bids have been asked fur the construc
tion of the freight depot and also for the
turntable, and will be submitted next
Monday and acted on the following day.
Vart of the freight df pot will be partitioned
off and used temporarily for passengers.
Plans for the round nou?e are being pre
pared, and bids lor it will be asked for in
a few days.
Passenger rates will be based upon three
cents a mile between Stockton and Fresno,
and between San Francisco and points be
yond Stockton the rate will be a combina
tion of the steamer charges between San
Francisco and Stockton and points be
yond. This will permit of lower rates than
those charged by the Southern Pacific
Company between Ban Francisco and San
Joaquin Valley points.
But another cause of sorrow, tribulation
and loss will be found by the Southern
Pacific Company in the fact that no charge
whatever will be made by the Valley road
for the transportation of bicycles for pas
sengers. They will be treated as baggage.
T. H. Warrington has been appointed
general freight and passenger agent of the
Valley road at Fresno. He was formerly
the Fresno agent of the Santa Fe Railroad.
JUDGE RISLEY'S OPINION.
His Reasons for Denying Shepard's
Application,
FRESNO, Cau, Sept. 22.— The opinion
of Judge Risley in the injunction suit of
J. C. Sbepard to restrain the San Fran
cisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway
Company from constructing its track on
Q street in front of his residence ia a
lengthy one. It proceeds to say:
It may be admitted for ttie purpose of this
motion only that plaintiffs will suffer some
pecuniary damage If the road be built mm in
tended, but it Is not claimed that the de
lendants are not abundantly able to respond
to any damages that may be assessed against
them, and the only question necessary to be
determined herein is the absolute right of
plaintiffs to have defendants restrained until
damages bave been ascertained and a settle
ment thereof made.
The plaintiff* rely upon section 14 of article
I of the constitution of the Slate of California
which read*: '
Private property shall not be taken or damaged
for public use without in*: compensation huvitiz
been first made to or palu into court for the owner.
They contend tbat the laying of the track as
contemplated will be «ucb damage as is cov
ered by the above provision and ciie textbook
writers and authorities from several State*
wnicii undoubtedly uphold that position. The
defendants, on the other band, bold exactly
the other way. This precise question has
never been passed uoon by the Supreme Court
oLthis State, and in arriving at a determina
tion this, court will be governed by the reason
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
of the rule and the adjudication ot other
States
The grantinK of an injunction rests very
largely- iv the discretion of the court to be gov
erned by the nature of the case end should
only be granted to preserve the right of the
party injured and never when he has an ade
quate remedy at law.
The court then points out that the com
pany received its franchise from the muni
cipal authorities in compliance with law.
The decision proceeds to state that the
fact the work sought to be enjoined is one
of a public nature which affects the public
convenience, and that there is no doubt of
toe ability of th« defendant to respond in
damages are important matters to be con
sidered in determining the right to an in
junction.
The facts stated in the pleadings and
admitted on me hearing of the proceed
ings do not warrant the court to grant the
injunction.
L. L. Cory, Mr. Shepard's attorney,
stated to a Call correspondent to-night
that his client would institute suit tor
damages against tne railway company for
the passing of the road in front of his
premises.
The graders and tracklayers are making
good progress and the track will be laid to
the depot site by Thursday evening.
The Divorce Courts.
Kate A. Hayes was yesterday granted a di
vorce from John Hayes on the ground of ex
treme cruelty. Jurtge Hunt made the decree.
Benjamin Durant was divorced from Hannah
Purant by Judge Sanderson. .Extreme cruelty
was the cause.
The marriage of Rose T. Olivier and Manuel
E. Olivier wn-s yesterday annulled by Judge
Murphy. The youug woman was not of age
wheu ihe ceremony was performed.
On Habeas Corpus.
Judge Troutt yesterday ordered the officers
of the Society for the Prevention of Vice to re.
turn Kmiiy Guillermett, a fourteen-year-old
girl, to her father. The child ia about to bo
come a muthcr, and was taken charge of by
Mr. Welch, and was placed in the Girls' Train
ing Home at 147 Natoma ftreet. The society
will apply for letters of guardianship.
HEW TO-DAT.
( 1 II" i II II lIIMM— IH ■ Mi i II
Take No Substitute- :
Gail Borden
Eagle Brand
I. -mi CONDENSED* MILK :
Has always stood FIRST in the estima-
tion of the American People. No Other Is :
T . "just as good." Best Infant Food. T
I 22 Geary St., Hear foamy. I
I 250 PIECES I
I Sew Black Goods I
I Embracing all the very newest H
IJ weaves and effects. tisif.t&t. ||
| Fancy Weaves • $1 to $2.50 yard I
1 Sew Suitings : • 50c to $1.25 yard \
I Novelties • ■ • • - $9 to $40 salt I
g The largest and most complete I
1 stock at the lowest prices. U
I R. T. KESSEDI COSPAM. I
I! Telephone Grant 518. |
No, metal beds are not
all the same; Adams &
Westlake's are made better
— look better.
California Furniture Company
(N. P. COL* & CO.)
117 Geary Street.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KKARXY AND WASHINGTON 8T3.-KB-
JX modeled and renovated. KING. W AKD <s ea
Earope&a plan. Kooms 60c to 91 50 per day. $ j
to Sit per week, «S to *3U per monio: tree bt»ttu;
hot and cold water ' ever/ room: lire grale* 14
•very room: elevator run* nUnigttt. - : .
NOTARY PUBLIC.
riHA.RI.EB .H. PHILLIPS. ATrORNKY-AT.
V Law and Notary Public, 638 Market St., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence 1020
| tea sir**'.. Telephone •' Pine ■ iBSL
'■-!.-•-•■■■■ :. " - - r ■ : ■■ ■ • ■ ; • ' ■ .-.
VTEVr JTOJDAT^DRT^jGOODSL
TEMFfINGJTTRACTIONS !
NEW FALL GOODS
SPECIAL BARGAIN OFFERINGS
FHO3VI OUR —
$300,000 CLOSING-OUT SALE
We have now received the great bulk of our COLOSSAL NEW
FALL STOCK, thus enabling us to present a display of New and
Exclusive Styles and Novelties that stands without a peer in the
West.
Additional shipments are daily arriving in all departments,
and to make room for their display the GREAT $300,000 CLOSING-
OUT SALE that has attracted so much attention must be brought
to a speedy termination, hence everything remaining has been
marked down to figures that enable us to combine our this week's
special offerings of new goods with an array of
Values That Are Beyond Comparison!
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
-A.* 25 O©XL*«3.
74 pieces DOUBLE-* OLD WOOL SCOTCH HEATHER MIXED SUITINGS,
illuminated colorings, will be placed on sale at 25c a yard.
■■- : " : * < -'•- -'■ -A.* 4O Cents.
87 pieces 37-INCH WOOL DRESS. GOODS, in checks, plaids and camels-hair effects,
will be placed. on sale at 40c a yard.
j£±.t SO Cents. ' .
69 pieces 37-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL. FRENCH DRESS SUITING, in boucle,
ngured, mixed and shaded effects, will be placed on tale at 50c a yard.
„ , *AJt eTcents.
42 pieces 52-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY CHECKS, newest colorings, will be placed
on sale at 65c a yard. v
BLACK DRESS GOODS. SILK DEPARTMENT !
Af sin r»«t At 75 Cents a Yard.
At 75 Cents.
«ir ,- At 75 Cents. 60 pieces CHANGEABLE* TAFFETA
25 pieces 54-inch ALL t'URE WOOL SILK, in all the new fall shading,
FRENCH BOURETTE, worth $1 25, regular value $1, will be placed on sals
will be offered at 75c a yard. at 73c a yard.
w~77Tv« At 75 Cents a Yard.
„  At $1.00. 20 pieces BLACK FIGURED SATIN
25 pi*ce3 54-inch ALL-WOOL CREPON and GROS GRAIN SILK, new de-
CHEVIOTS, in a variety of designs, signs, regular value $1, will be placed
worth $1 50, will be sold at $1 a yard. on sale at 75c a yard.
CLOAK DEPARTMENT.
-A-t 63.Q0.
LADIES' VELVET, SILK OR CREPON CLOTH RIPPLE CAPES, fancy lining
trimmed with lace and jet, regular price $10; Special Sale price $3 50.
-«9b.t 61.30.
LADIES' CLOTH JACKETS, in black and navy blue Kerseys and black clay
worsteds, fronts faced with silk, regular price $6. Special price to close out $1 50.
At 54.90.
LADIES' MIXED CHEVIOT CLOTH SUITS, box jackets, skirts lined with canvas
colors gray or brown mixtures, regular price for tnese suits $7 50; Special Sale price
V* *^0» . *;'.',
ivt 56.00. •.•'?■ A "&V* •
LADIES' SEAL PLUSH RIPPLE CAPES, lined with silk, storm collar trimmed
with marten fur— a stylish Fall wrap; price $6.
Atss.oo. . .■■l",; ;..,.;
LADIES' BEAVER BOX JACKETS, in black and navy, high collar, lap pockets and
new sleeves, good value for $7; Special Sale price $5.
HANDKERCHIEFS ! MEN'S FURNISHINGS
At 5 Cents Each. ; VV ' At 734 Cents.
600 dozen LADIES', MISSES' AND 500 dozen MEN'S FANCY BORDERED
CHILDREN'S HEMSTITCHED HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
HANDKERCHIEFS. in white lawn CHIEFS, in neat designs of fast-color
and lace insertion or edged, revered prints, worth $1 20 per dozen, will be
and colored borders, regular price $1 closed out at 7>£c each,
per dozen, will be closed out at 5c each. . — ■ —
a*- in rT^Te Vach "'.■►.liAt 35 Cents. .'.r-j'
o«n * n ,. B nm/q wh?tp en a t 85 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' UNLAUN-
-250 dozen LADIES WHITE SCAL- DRIED WHITE SHIRTS maria with
LOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER double tack* Ind S'JSd llm
t awnt uiwnvpnnHivpa ..,!„_ aouuie oacKS ana reimorcea linen
LAW m A^ DkEß^^?s F^ regular fronts, extra value for 65c, will be
price $2 40 a dozen, will be closed oat ) closed out at 35c each,
at 10c each. i
At 15 Cents Each. ] A At 65 Cents.
200 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED 20 dozen MEN'S STANLEY SHIRTS
EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN with laundried collars and enffs at-
HANDKERCHIEFS. rOßular price $3 tached. regularly sold at $1, will be
a dozen, will be closed out at 15c each. closed out at 65c each.
>? " t;^ '-'fay
I LADIES AND CHILDREN'S UNDERWEAR
.A-t 25 Cents.
75 dozen CHILDREN'S JERSEY RIBBED EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS, high
neck, long sleeves, and pants to match ; regular price 40c, reduced to 25c each.
«A.t SO Cents. \
50 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED UNION SUITS, high neck, long sleeves, ankle
length, white and natural, regular value 90c, reduced to 50c each.
J\.t 75 Cont-H.
80 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED MERINO WOOL VESTS, high neck, long
and short sleeves, drawers to match, white and natural, regular value 90c, reduced
to 75c each. ' ■ • ; ■
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR. LADIES' KID GLOVES.
At 25 Cents. At 35 Cents.
T , mp( .i xfTTRiTNT tit? a wttt?<s ™v«i 300 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES. In
broidery, will be closed out at 25c. 0103( * 1 out at ** a pair '
At 75 Cents.
At 35 Cents 28i dozen 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK-
rATinrq. THFVIwq '« \« I >, ING KID GLOVES, embroidered
LADIES . CHEMISES, made of heavy backs, and larste buttons, colors and
muslin, yoke of lucks and beading, . ;. black, regular value $1 25, will be closed
will be closed out at 35c. out at 75 C a pa r>
LINENS! LINENS! "IIN ENS!
•JiiA FEW OF OUR STRONG SPECIALS.
50 pieces FINE-GRADE BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, a solid, close XK n
•weave,' well made, value 75c yard. On sale at. ....:. ODC
200 dozen % BLEACHED IRISH LINEN : NAPKINS, 21 inches square, a ©1 An
leader. On sale at (per d0zen)....... ............; «J)JL.UI/
2 cases CREAM TABLE DAMASK, strictly linen, well made, good designs. OK
value 50c a yard. On sale at...... J.T......... .... e)OC
140 dozen CREAM DAMASK TOWELS, a close weave, fine flax, size 18x36 ©1 QA
„,.' inches, value $2 25 dozen. On sale at (per d0zen)..:..... tjpl.Oli
50 pieces GOOD-GRADE TWILL IRISH-MADE TOWELING, fully HI
Bleached, neat borders, value 10c yard. On sale ac... t 26
40 pieces HEAVY CREAM DAMASK, £6 inches wide, good to wear, value O^
35c a yard. On sale at . . . : ....:............ .........'........... .... ,
ODDMENTS. FINE DAMASK IN SHORT LENGTHS. ON
SPECIAL SALE THIS WEEK.
fff/lßr^^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Martot Street, cow of Jones /
SuaJdT Ji-JwA'N'OIBOQ.
- ißllfPlliinfTiPßl nwwimmiilTiiiiii iim hn n n r. ••..-.-
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
6VMM.ARX OF THIS SIXXiHJm.
silver steadier.
Wheat and Wheat Freights firm.
Farley steady. Oats quiet.
Corn dnll and weak. Rye firm.
May and Feedstuffs unchanged.
Large shipment of Flour to China.
Large White and Lima Beans firm.
Potatoes doing b tter. -
Onions unchanged
Vegetables in more moderate supply.
But er Rtll: weakening.
Eggs advancing. Cheese steady.
Poultry about the same.
Slight chan-es in fresh Fruit.
Dried Fruit market improving.
Provisions in fair demand.
Hides and Leather quiet.
Wool quieter.
Hops s 111 neglected.
Beef, Mutton and Lamb firmer.
Hogs lower again.
No change in Coffee.
Oils remain the same.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
t* station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted si.c.v in Inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "bieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usHnlly accomuanied by fair weather: "low"
refer* to low pressure, and is usually preceded
»nd accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" us 1 ally first appear on the Washington
coast, when the pressure is high In the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and coidei
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition*
fell] produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of agbicdl
tcbe, Weather Bcbeac, Sax Francisco, Sept.
22, 1896, 5 p. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day.
Eureka 58, Bed Bluff 70, -an Francisco 68,
Fresno 76, san Luis Obispo 72, I<3S Angeles 72,
San Diego 70, Yum .* 86.
(fan Francisco data— Maximum temperature 68,
minimum 54, mean 56.
Ralnfah during- the past twenty-four hours, .40.
There Is a rather remarkable pressure distribu
tion shown upon to-night's map. An of low
pressure overlay the southern half of the Pacific
Slope this morning and extended rapidly to the
north, at the same time moving inland. The low
est pressure is to-nigh; over Eastern Oregon and
Nor. hern Idaho, a low pressure is apparently
crossing the mountains fast in the waite of the
extensive area of high pressure which has been
over the Upper Missouri Valley for the past forty
eigiu hours.
Tne t mperature has fallen generally over the
Pacific Slope.
Bain has fallen throughout Central Calliornia
ant' In has. em .Navadaand Idaho.
Fort-cast made at san Francisco for thirty hours
ending m idnlght, September 23. 1896:
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather with showers in the northern portion
early Wednesda- morning: fr>-sh westerly winds;
warmer Wednesday anl Weduesd •>' night.
Southern California— Cloudy Wednesday fore
noon, fair the rest of the day : warmer; iresn west
erly winds.
— Showers in the northern portion early
Wednesday morning, warmer.
Utah— C oudv weather and probable showers.
Wrizona— Cloudy weather; warmer.
bSa Francisco and vicinity— cloudy and unset
tled weather In the forenoon, probabiy fair Wednes
day afternoon; fresh south we >teriy wind.
A. G. Me A DIE. Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NFW YOBK, X V., PepL 22._ The bear* on
stocks were more aggressive than usual of late,
and under their rates and liquidations by small
holders' prices for the usually active Issues scored
net declines of anywhere from Vi to 2y 8 per cent
London firms were sellers of the lmerua ionally
listed stocks on account of an advance in dis
counts in the open market and a belief that the
bank rate will be raised on Thursday. The weak
ness in consols was also given as a reason for for
eign selling. Local operators were generally work
ing for a reaction, ana when Sugar broke 2^ per
cent to 111% aiter midday tuey set actively to
work.
The heaviness of the stock named proved of ma
terial assistance, and in me late afternoon trading
the entire list yielded. The decline in su ar was
aim mea to sales by a lower Wai. -street interest
which has been Identified with the long side of the
account of ate. Manhattan fell 2to 86, Western
Union ly 8 to B*%, iobacco ls/» to 6-', Chicago
Gas 11,4 to 60V4 ana Louisville and Nashville ls/ 8
to 40. These » ere the most important declines,
leather preierrea jamped :rom 54V4 to 67V* on
more favorable tr^de reports, but later receded to
&5* /4 <a56 in sympathy wt h the-uenerai list. Read
lnc uas bid up 16fa to 18*4 on a belief that the
efforts to stop the iorec!osure sale of the property
win be defeated.
The weakness of stening exchange, lower rates
for money and the engagement of additional
amounts of gold in Londou for shipment to New
York bad no ii.fiuence wba ever on he slock
market, which closed weak in tone. The .o.al
sales were 208, 01 shares. Including 41.3..0 Sucar
24,600 Heading. 23.5j0t.Paj1, 13,9^0 Manhat
tan, 13,100 Leather preferred and 13,000 Burling
ton.
Bonds were strong. Total sales were 91, 164,000
Burlington and Quinc and lowa fours rose 4 to
95 Iron Mountain general fives, Ito 71 ; >orth
ern Pacific consolUateu rives, 1 to 46; Oregon
Short Line sixes certificates. IVi to 1061 A; Keau
lng second preferied, I*4 OilV 4 ; do birls 11A
tol9Vi: OruaUaco. soildated sixt-s. 2 to 123, unj
V. s. « ordage certificaies, IV* to 106 1 /*-
In Government bonos 92^000 coupon fours of
1907 so.dHtlo7%; 9 000 <io registered at 106^'
«.">uOO or.vi.on tours of 192 > at 116 to 1161,4, and
9*ooo coupon fives at 1106/ 8 . -^
• rain.
FLOUR — Firm: quiet. ; Winter 1 , wheat, -- low
grades, 91 70@2 50; ao, fair to faucy. 92 40@3 40
Cliy mills, 93 sU(<s3 25; do, patents, 93 50 ©3 80:
winter fair to fancy, 92 40@3 40: city mills; 93 15
@ 3 25; winter ratenu, 9j 50 093 80: city mill
patciiis. 94 10 @$4 26; Miuu-aoui clear, *2 30ia
2 90; rye mixtures, 92 60 @ 3 00; Minnesota
straits, 92.8^@3 oO: superfine, 91 65 (A 2 10-
Minnesota paten is, 93 2& ($ 4 -/0: fine. 91 40 (at
2 00. 'Rye flour, quiet: steady; 92 26@2 76.
ern°91 !< 90<a2 L — Dull; . steady. Yellow West
ern, 91 906(2.
RY K-Quiev : firm. Western, 40c
BARLtY-Flrmat3l%c. ' ,
t.^. 1 . I f K~S p ? markel quiet, firmer with op.
tlons. f, o. 89%^* uugraded red. ™«V« V No. 1
Northern, 6914 c.
Options opened firm arid advanced »A®V a c on
higher cables, gotd foreign buying, better West
and local covering; ml i/iW4.cotx free receipts and
light clearances with fr-r realising here and West ■
closing steady at i/ 4 8 c over yesterday, with
trading fairly active, December and May most
active. No. 2 red May, 72c: September 67 Vac;
Octooer, 6714 c: November, 68y 4 c; December. X*
toV.°27 NN d U " ; eMler ' &a *' 2t5%C eICV -
Optlotis advanced yy 4 3v,c with the West, better
cables, fell 8/ B ®%c on : increased supplies,
\_\ ■_-_-_■ FINANCIAL. •- r: - ;
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WttbcLoCK & CO.,
■4 Leidesdorff st, Tel. Main 1954.
„„_ . 11 KANC If OFFICE r 1 ...
623 Market Ku, Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
rURDY Si ATKINSON Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
/•u^.J? 8 Reference Ist National Bank, «. F.
CHICAGO. I'KIVAIE Wlßli .NU.VV VOKK.
closing weak at unchanged prices to Vs decline,
with a moderate trade. December a..d October
most active. September, '-6S/ 8 c; October, '.6. r g c;
November, 275/gc; liecemoer, 27@'^8c; IVxuy,
80Vic
. OaTS— Spot, more active; stronger. .
- Options firmer; more active. September, 20^ic;
October, 21c; December, 2134 c. > -■
s-pot prices: No. •j,2u* / lc; Sit. I white, 24 Vie: No.
'I Chicago, 21 2 c: fto. 3, 18i^c: No. S white,
21®2iy 3 c; mixed Western, 19@22c; White do,
20@29c. ".-:,- •; _■
7roTia!on«. _
I.APP— Firmer, quiet; xVenttirn steam, S3 62J^>:
city, 3 65; September. $3 87. nominal; relin.d
better demand; continent, *4 20; t>outu American,
f * 60; compound, : 3 /4 @4c
PORK-Quiet, firm; n-w mess. *7 75@8 50.
BUTTKU — steady, fair demand: Western
dalry.7V a @Hc: do creamery, ll@15c: do factory,
7@IOV2C: Elfins. 16c; imitation creamery, 9@llc.
CHKESK— Quiet; pan skims, H@tsc.
KGQS— Firmer: Western irt-sh, 14#16V%c: do
V caae. ¥2 10® . 60. '
TALLOW— steady, quiet; city, 814 c; country,
»»»@3i^c. , „ -
COJTONSEED OlL— Dull, steady; crude, 210
22c; yellow, prime, 23l^j@24c
RlCE— Fair di mand, llrm; domestic, B^B^c;
Japan, 4@4i.ic.
>i<>LAss<i.»— Firm, fairly active; New Orleans,
2T@37c. :;.-".\y
COFFEE— Steady, 10@16 points down; October,
$9 SO@» 40: December, »B 85@8 95; February
and March, *8 85@8 95; April, «9; May, $8 40;
Spot Uio, steady, dull: No. 7, . 03 ¥ . ' <
BUGAB- Quiet, steady: off A, 4 7-18@4y 2 c;
mold A, 6c; standard A, 4%c; con fee loners' A,
4 6/sc; cat loaf and crushed, as/ 8 c; powoered, 6c;
Kiauulated. 4«4c; cubes, to.
j hi nit and I'rodooe.
. APRICOTS— Bags, new, B%@loo. ■ H'itMi. 1
PKACHEb— Peeiea, old, I>uj,i4c; do impeded,
6@Bc . , • . .
PRUNES— Four sizes, 6(<£sVic -
KAisiNH-O.d, two-crow 1.,' . oose Muscatel, 4®
4V^c; do three-crown. 6y 3 c: do <our-crowu, 6c;
do London layers, l@l IS; do clusters, $1 25®
1 60.
ALMONDS— New paper shell, 12i£c.
W a L_> UTS— standar I, 7c; do soft, shell, B^&c. .
It 1 " *- Quiet. 1 aci i oas . 6 e.H V a
WOOL— Moderately active; steady. Domestic
fleece, 16@23c; puued, lbuolc; 'lexas, 7<fl)l2c
Merchandise.
I'lG IRON— Quiet. American. «10 26@12 5a
lOll'Ki -Unchanged. Lake. *10 70«|lL
J-KAIi-Qulet. Domestic. *•/ 75@J 80.
•j]N-Eaay. Siralu, *12 95@13 05: plates,
quiet.
t±-i£LTKR-Easy. Dr>Tr««ti>. S3 55@3 66.
CHICAGO MABKETS.
CHTCAPO. Iti,, Sept. 22.— The bull sentiment
which became conspicuous during the closing mo
ments of yesterday's wheat market was rife this
morning at the opening, when an additional :hree
qunrters of a cent was added 10 prices. The de
mand did not continue Imperative, ho'vever, and
after the expiration of the first half hour the tone
settled Into one of steadiness, while the price quo
tations were marked somewhat lower than at first.
Prompt response to our advance of yestei day by
Liverpool, a gain of lV*d being recorded there,
was considered encouraging. L.gnt receipts In the
Northwest, 902, against 1044 last Tue.sdny anj
1208 a year ago, were likewise of aid to values. -
Receipts at Chi. ago were 351 cars and 52,433
bushels were taken »rom store. La c continental
cables were assigned as reason for a subsequent
flurry, they being higher all around. Brudsiree s
reported an Increase in the wo.id's aval. sup
ply of 6.111.000 bushels, a arc lne taking place
upon the announcement being made, prices rally
ing again shortly afterward. Export clearances
were light at 192,063 bushels. Ihe cose as at
the 'owes: point of tne session which was, now
ever, Vi^'/so. higher than yesterday. Dec»-moer
wheat opened fiom 621& Cto B2y c, sold be ween
638/ 8 c and 6^y s c, closing at 62 Vic bid. Estimated
receipts for 10-morrow 200 cars.
CO — a moderate amount of bull talk on corn,
based prindipally upon the belief that plenty
would beget was.v. assisted by the strong
wheat mar. et, had the effect of lifting prices
in this market quite a little. The general
trade, ~ however, is suspicious of bull move
ments in ibis cereal Just m present so tin-re
was 'an absence of entbus asm. Receipts were
694 cars and 193,499 bushel-> were taken from
store, Liverpool cab es were firm and i^d higher,
liradslreets nave an increase in available stocks of
74 1,000 bushels. Export clears, ices amounted to
191.906 bushels. May Corn opened i.'4T B e. sold
between 243,4 c and 25y 8 @ -'6V4C, closing at, -4» 4
'.4%c, a shade over »esteniay. tstlma.ed re
ceipts for to-morrow, 370 cars.
OATS— Responded &lightlt toimorovrd tone of
other markets. Dull trade was, however, a draw
back to buoyancy. Receipts wcr«) 4.-3 cars ana
152.381 busbeis were taken from store. Exports
were 11.603 bushels. Bradstreet's reported a de
crei.st- in stocks of BU.OOO bushels May oats
closed VsC under yesterday. Estimated receipts
for to-morrow 230 c» rs.
FLAX— Was firm. Cash, 6PV4@7Oc; Septem
ber and October, 70c; December, 7^@72Vgc; Janu
ary, 78c nominal: March, 7o@77i^c.
PKOVIMONS-Were nrm, but not active The
firmness was a gift from the hoe and grain mar
kets, but the opinions of professional, recently
made pub that the situation lacked bull en
couragement, tended to deter buyers. January
pork closed unchanged, January lard £>@7i^c
higher ami January ribs a shade higher.
HIT. Eli— The butter m&ricet was quiet and
steady. The demand was slow and supplies were
heavy. Prices were unchanged.
Creameries— Extras, 14V»c V Ib: firsts, 12@13e;
seconds. lo@l-c: imitation*, fancy, 12®. 5-
Dairies— Extras, 13c: firsts, ll@12c: seconds. 10c
Ladles— Extras, {H/2(*lWc: firsts, B^B Vac; packiug
stock. 6«a7r: grease. 4@Sa
KGnS— Were firm. Offerings were moderate and
demand good. Fresh stock 13',2<&1 r doz.
MU.M.i-Wm uis7% on call and 7% on lime
loans. - JStw 1 ork excluint;c sold at &l dis
count.
Cloning Price*.
VH^Af- Eeotember. 618/ic; December, 62J^.c;
May, 665/«@56%c
COK>- -|it<-n>oer. 21R-.C; December, 217/ a c;
May, -4*/4@-,i4y c. ' .
"ATs- beptetiib°r. I6V4C; December, 16%@
1634 c: May. l{.y 8 t VBW
i October, $6 95; nary. $7 06.
LAlil>-October, $3 57 Va: January, »3 97%. ,
l'.JLb— September, $S 20; January, ii 60.
1-lveKtock. "
UNION STOCKYARDS. Iti.. Sent. 22.—Re
ceipts of cattle to-day were ltgtit. The reeling was
steady. Offerings of boss were moderate. The
demand was good and holders were able to obtain
5c advance. The sheep market was slow and
steady.
CATTLK — Receipt*. 2600. Fancr beeves.
91 ■ 0@100: choice i o rrlme. 1300 to 1700 &> steers,
*4 45(ai4 8 >; good to choice steers. 1300 to 1600 &>.
(4 Ol'fa,4 40; medium steers. 1000 to 1300 tt>. $3 mo
(0,3 95: lair beef steer*. 960 to IhOO On,
S3 60 & 3 75; butcher steers. 83 25 <$ ,x 60:
choice siockeri and leeders, 900 to 1250 tt>. *3 30
©3 80: fair do. 500 to 875 tb. »2 60®3 26; bulls,
choice to extra. S4 80(a,3 26: bulls, poor to choice,
£1 75©'- 75: cows ana a I fern, choice toextra. 83 ;,0
f0.3 7..; cows, lair to choice, t'i 2503 40; tows,
common to fair canners. 91 'J6ljg|2 10: calves, good
to choice. *5 50(&i6 00: calves, common to good,
63 00!J$5 25: Texas grass steers. *2 6U<s3 uO.
Texas cows and bulls, 41 7502 60: vv, stem. can
ning steer*, $2 65(0,4; Western range cows ana heif
ers, *.: 00 -i 25 milkers and springers. %t Head,
i.041,37. 1 stern range, steers, *2 80^i3 76; West
ern rangers, S- 2i®3 2.V
iHXiti— Kecetpis. 13.000. Heavy packlnr ana
Fhipplni: lots. 92 80(<t3 30: commou to - choice
mixed. 92 85fd>3 My^: choice assonej. $0 30®
.. 40: IliibU »2»5(ft3 40: pigs. 91 50*3 35
Mitti-— ixtceipi.s. 17.0i>a laxntKtt 10 choice,
176(a.3; mrnba. *3V43 V 4 75.
CALIFOKNIA FKUIT «=AT.KS.
- CHICAGO, In,, Sept. 22.-Porter Bros. Coin
pan.- sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Grapes-Tokays, 93 80 per double crate and 68c@
91 35 single: .Muscats, £-8 @*1 20. Pears—Bart
etts, 91 80@2 per box. . Peac es- Sal way, 60@60c
per box: clings, 2&@soc per box and 20c per nalf
box. ■■ - ,
NKW YORK. N. V., Bept. 22. -Porter Bros. Com
rnnv sold i a.iiorma irnii to-day ■■ follows:
Grapes— l okays. %!■ 66 per double crate 1 nd W)r<a
91 '-0 single: Muscats, 70c@$l 10. , Pears— B«rt
let:s, 91 86@1 90 per bo and 91 per ha f box •
Secicels, SI 05®l 90 per box: L»oy dn Cornice, $1®
1 55: Beurre Uardys, 9110. Plums— Columbia.
91 35 per ha.f-cra.e. Peaches— 36@ . 6c per box.
KJiW iv- k »i'OOK3.
Bonds, £xchsn|[«, Money and Railroad
!">liar*>«.
Money on call easy at 4® 5%: last loan at l%
and closing offered at 4%. Prime mercantile pa
per, h@lojJ. l»t nlver, 668/ B e. Mexican dollars.
50Vs@6i&4c. Sterling Kxcliaui;e weak, with actual
bugiuetts in bankers' . bills nt *4 hli/4(g(4 ►1 1 A
lor - xty oays. and 94 BSVb®4 88% for lemaud.
Posted rates. 94 t2@* 84V%. Commercial bills,
94 M>@4 81. Government bonds firm. State bonds
dull. Railroad bonds higher. Silver at the board
was quiet.
■ cro*rw«> rmn^
Am Tel A Cable.... US 1 Norfolk A Wmtrn ! BU.
Atchlson ....... U4tj Preferred. 12%
Preferred 17% Northern Pacific... 12
Adams Express.... Preferred. 201 a
Alton. Terre Haute 65 Northwestern . 9bZ2
American Expression Preferred .140
American Tobacco. 62 N. Y. Central 82^4
Referred......... 95 N.Y.,Chlcago*d.U 10 ,
BayStateGas 16% Ist preferred..... 66 "
Baltimore* Ohio.. 13V* Yd preferred.... 24
Brunswick Lands.. . %N. Y.&N.M. 166
Buffalo, Roch if. .17 , N. Y. & New En f : 20
Canada Pacific.... . 67 N. V., Susq * W.T. 73/.
Canada Sou thera.. J4% Preferred. 2i&
Canton Land 601/b Ontario a
Central Pacific cintarlo & Western lav.
Ches.*Ohlo.. 14 (Oregon Improvmnt il
Chicago Alton. 152 Preferred —
Preferred. .165 [Oregon Navigatloa 12
Chicago. B. 4 Q.... 67% Oreiton Short Line. 13y 4
CBlcaco *K. 1U... 38% Pacific Mall . 18 *
Preferred..:. .... 89 I'eorla. D.* Evans 1%
CblcagoGas ....... 60% Pittsburic & W. ptd 15 *
Cleve* Plttsbnnc..lso Pullman Pa1ace... .142
Consolidation CoaL 31 Quicksilver " \\jl.
Consolidated Uaa..146 Preferred. ' " 15 1 *
C. C. c. &Su LouU 25% Reaflinß. .*'"''.* 173/.
Preferred.....-..:. 75 KloGrandeAWesta 15 *
Colo. Fuel * iron.. ; 18% Preferr^l 40
Preferred 76 I Kock Island.. • tOV.
Cotton Oil Cert .... 12% Rom. UatJcOzaeifc 108
Commercial Cable. 140 ' ht. L. * 8 W. xv
D*L Hudson. :..... 121% Preferred.. *" 7??
D*l.Lack<k\Vestrn.ls4 St. Paul """'* 70S?
" " £?•"?••••• 1 " % Preferred.' .■.■"". "127%
Preferred... ...... 41»/ Bt. Paul * Dulnta. 16
DsUliers PreiermL - 76
General Electno... 278/, st. Panl * Omaba. 86V,
trle.;.V^r.T: 1 .Tr..V..^12% 'Preferred. ...;116
-f Prefarrea......... 29 ,Bu-p. M. &M..V. . 103 »
> on Wayne.. ...... 146 U-Ilver Ortiflcate* 05%
'-rent Northern pfdl 12 Southern Pacific 15
8ay.... ...;..; ; Southern K. a....'. 7%
Harlem. ,i.........500 j Preferred..... ill. 21%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1896.
Hocking C0at....... lEngar Refinery .... 113%
Hocking Valley.... 18% Preferred. 99tft
Homestaka 34% Term. Coal A Iron. 2034
H. * Texas Cent... Preferred 90
Illinois Central 88Vj! Texas Pacific...... 654
lowa Central 7 'lol.A.A.&N.Mica.—
Preferred „ 26 '1 01. & Ohio Cent... 20
Kansas & Texas... BS4 Preferred. 50
Preferred 22 Tol. St. Louis* K.O. b
Kingston* Pern... 3 Preferred 15
Lake Erie & Westn 1434 L'nlon Pacino 6
Preferred......... 64 U. P. Den A Gulf.. 18/s
Lake Shore 1*5% U. S. Coraage 4y.
National Lead 21 . Preferred 8
Preferred 82 J Guaranteed ...... 16
Long Island 66 U. 8. Express So
Louisville A Nash. 45 C. IS. Leather.. .... 8%
Louisville. Nadsca 2 Preferred Rtf
Preferred. O%'U. S. Rubber. 17%
Manhattan Consol. 86%' Preferred. 70
Memphis <& Charts. 15 VtlcaAß. River.. lso
Mexican Centra... fU \\ ib. b. L. A Pao.. 686 8
Michigan Central.. 87 Preferred. 13%
liinn&a L... .....— Wells-Fareo. ... 60
Preferred ...— — Western Union *3%
U lnn a St. L com. 45 Wisconsin Central. l«/s
Jst preferred 66 Wheeling <& L. IS.. 6
2d preferred 37 Preferred.. 23 5 4
Missouri Pacific... 19% Am Cotton Oil pfd. 48 1
Mobile & Ohio .16 W. U. Beef.. tt%
Nashville A Chatt. 67% l Ann Arbor 6%
National Linseed.. 16% Preferred 18%
in. J. Central 100V 4 Brooklyn Traction. iO%
CMtriii American... 4V4iKrie ptd.. .• 17%
rLfwiss ron-m.
Ala Class A 45.. 100 Northern Pao lsts.ll«
Do Class 84, 65.. 100 ■- D02d5............ 104
Alabama, . ctasa C. 95 Do3ds. 65
Atcnison 4s 75% Do consor6s".".". 46
Do2dsA... 3 8 improvement Ist 75
CanadaSoutb2ds..lol Do 5» 10
CenPaclstaof'9s. 98% C R A N ists. 108 .
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Do ;nnsol bs 83
£° 1897I 897 10!) Or Short Line 65. ..106
P° JB9B 10(1 Do cons 65... 69
Do 1899 100 Pacific os of -87....
Cbes «Ot>to 0»....104% Ph.laA eading 4s. 74
V £Trßcisss 40 Do Ist lncam. 84%
DC3-65S 109 BGrandeWestlsU 68
Den A P. U Ist 110% blJUfelronMtQen 6s 71
.. I)o *»- 86 Bl L&BF Gen 63. 103
£ r !f, 1! < J » 69 St Paul C0n5015.. ..124
FtW&DenCltylsts 48% Bt P C& Palsts...H3
OHASAos 101 so Carolina 4%5... 100
Do2d7s 100 Southern RR 65... «4
Gen Klec Debbs... 87% Do Pac Cal Ists.. llo
Tex Cent 65.. 106% lennnew » 75
Dooon6s. 97 Texas Pacific lsis. 79%
lowa Central lsts.. 91% Texas Pacific 3ds.. 17
Kansas Pa Consols 63 Union Pao lsts 96.100%
Kk 1-k i»ui Den dlvlOß 1 84s reg of 1 -25.116
La Consol 45....... 90 Do 4s, coupon.... 116
Missouri funding... c P 4k. r*r of 1907.106%
MKT2ds 65 Do 48. c0up0n.... 107
Do 4s ' J-0 lo?s 92%
Mobile & Ohio 45.. 60 Doss. 110
Mutual Union .106% lofts, coupon.... 110
\J Cent Gen 55.. .113% Va funding debt... 56%
N V CA-t Louis 4SIO-34 Do registered. — .
Nor&West Hen 8e.116 Do deferred 65.. . 6
N Carolina con is.. 92% Do trust rcpts st. 4
Dods 110 Wabasn Ist 585 8 104
Northwest Consols. 1 Val West Shore 4*»....103y4
Do deb 6s 106 I
FOKJJIIG.N MARKETS.
WHIAT IN LIVKKPOOt.
LIVERPOOL. Eno., Sept. 22.— The «pot market
is higher at 6s 9v3d(gtss lid. Cargoes firm ai 28s
Bd, sellers, prompt shipment.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchanee cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 hed Winter: Sep
tember. 5s 5%d; October, 6s 6%d: November, 6s
6*£ d; Decenjuer, 6s6tl; January, 6s BU.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Kno., Sept. 22- -Consols. 109 16-16;
fcilver, bOS-16d: French Rentes, 102f 76c
£XCUANGK AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 94 83
sterling Exchange, sight .' — 485
S^terlinir Cables _ 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine sliver. %* ounce — 663/.
Mexican Dollars . 61 &1%
PRODUCE MARKET.
"WHEAT AM> OIIIKK GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHT. — Are firm at 30s@sls 3d,
nsnal options, 'lhe chartered Wheat lleet in
port lias a registered tonnage of 6b, 450, against
84,700 tons on the same date last year; disen
t,'at;td. t 6 0 tons, against J4.700: on the way to
this port, 294,450 tons, against 315.250.
WIiE >T— The market rules firm at the recent
advance, with an active demand on shipping ac
coun . Ha 1, «1 OU/i@l 02% ■$ ctl; choice,
91 0 «4: lower trade*. »0@883i ; extra choice for
milling, »1 06@i 07y a c.l.
CALL BOARD saI.KS.
Infokmai. m*sion— Cock— December—
2000 ci s. 06y 4 ; bOOO,$106V2:10,000,9lU6!Vi:
6000, 91 otj%. . :
mscond Mr*siON— December— Booo ctls. 91 05%:
6000, $1 053.4: 12.000,91 06: 4000. »1 08y 8 May
— 8000, 91 10: 4000,91 101/4
hicGiLAB Mor.ninu .- Kiss iun — December —
i2,(iooctis, 9- 057/ 8 : 12,000,91 053/4..
Ar. mnoon session— Mar— 2ooo ctls, 91 02%;
60 '0, *1 |U; '.OJO. 91 i:9S/ 8 December— »oo.'.
91 058/,. 16,000, 91 05 Vi; 4000, 91 Or>V ; 8000.
91 05%.
BaRi.EY-Is steady and unchanged. We quote
Feed, 67%@61V*c V itlj choice bricht, 6j%@
65c; BrewtLg. 72%^500 fi CU; Chevalier, lto<.w
$1 lor .\o,l,
CAM. BOARD SAI.KS.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second .^khsidn— No s ties.
itKfiijuu Mdk.nino sm-.h'siox — No sales.
ARIUOOa •- KSBION — -No sales
OATs— Offerings are ample for the demand,
which is slow at the moment. Black, for leed, 70
@80c: .vi.ilug, 85J^,(g,S2V7<- & ctl: tancy feed.
92y 2 @95c ?» <«tl: good to choice. 86@92%c: com
mon o fair, 75®80c; Gray, Ss©B7y c; Surprise,
9£.c«i9lo^V-i
CORN— Continues dull and weak. Large Yellow,
£0@82%c: Small j:ouiiu do, 85c ft cti; Wulte, 75<a
Bfc. -
RYE— Is rather firmer at 6f.@«7%c fi ctl.
litCICU litAi— Noniliim at bafeasc %*CtI.
FLOUIi ANt> JIILLSTUFF3.
FLOUR-Shipment of 1»,C83 barrels to China
and Japan Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, 9.> 60@3 70 ft bbl; linkers' extras, $3 40@
3 60; superfine 92 7b@3.
MEA L. ; KTC— Feed Corn, 918 60@19;
Cracked corn. 919@19 60 ft ton.
MILLSTUFF-— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour. 92 10;
Rye Flour, 92 50; Rice flour, 95 75; Cornmoal,
92 10: extra creau do, 92 75: oatmeal, 92 90; Oat
t roms, $3 50; Hominy. 93 10®3 80: Buckwheat
Flour, 93 10&3 30; Cracked Wheat, ft 76; Fa
rina, f.iHJ: Whole Wheat Hour, 92 30: Moiled
Cats. 93 60: Pearl Barley, *3 60; »pIU i'eas, A3 2u-
Ureen do, »4 10 f* 100 lbs.
HAY AND FKKOSTUPFS.
BRAN— *12<ai2 30 for the best and 911@U 50
V ton for outside bran-Is.
MIDDLINGS-915 %i ton for lower grades, and
916@18 ? ton for the best, i ■■
FtELSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, 914 50: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, 921 ft ton: Jobbing, 922; clipped
Cats. 97%c@*l 05 V ctl. VP
UAY— It. is the name old story— a weak and
heavily stocked market Wheat is quotable at
9~@9 3 ton; Wheat and Oat, *6@B 50 Tpi ion;
Oat. «6<g»7: Barley, $6@V; i Iver Bnr.ey, 94 ;,o<g.s'
Alfalfa, 95 50® 60 tor second and 94 f)U(g,5 lor
first cutting: compressed 96@9; stock, «4<2>5;
Cover, b@7 60 $ ton.
bTKAVV— 9 bale. -
EKANS AND , SEET>S.
s BEANS— Large Whites continue in active move
ment and i.lmas ' are firm. Other sor s continue
dull. Bayos are .able nt 95c£91 15 %l ctl:
Small Whites, 85cC*91 10 %* ctl; Pea. S'Sc®
91 15?. ctl: Large Whites, 80@90c ? ctl; Pink,
76®- 5c V ct!: Reds, 91 @1 10 't* ttl: Blackeye,
91 25: Red Kianey, 91uul 10: Limaa, 91 OO&S
1 80: Butters. 91 2. (dl 40.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 92 50@2 66; Yellow
Mustard. 91 40@l 60: Flax, 91 26; Canary. 2V*
@23 / * tb: Allalfa, nominal; Rape, a c; Hemp,
3%c tt>. ■ . - ■ ■ r • • ' ■ .
DKlr-D' PEAS-91 10©l 40 * ctl for Niles and
91 25@1 60 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VJ GETABLEB.
POTATOES— feeling Is now firm. Receipts
are lighter. Sweet Potatoes are quotable at 76c
Mil ib tHctl; Early Rose, 2. >@35 9 sack: Bur
bank seedlings, 30(a,40c lor Rivers and 60<a)90c *
c.l for Salinas. .-
ONIONS— Plentiful at 26@30c sack; Pickles,
40(a 5c * sack. ; . , ,
- VEGETABLES— Stocks are not as excessive,
but they, are lame enough. Marrowfat Squash
is quotable at 96@8 '<& ton; Green Corn, 6O@7 jo
** sack: Alamedu Corn. 91@1 26 >* crate;
Berkeley Corn. 35@40c "$, box: (Summer Squash
lb@2sc ii box: Egg ' Plant. : 25@40c » box;
Tomatoes, 15«..>0c * box: CucumDers, 25®35c
£ t»ox; Pick 88 * IVjc « ft. for No 1 and?6@
80c $ ctl for No. 2; Green Peppers, 25@35c «♦
large box for Chile and 26@36c for hell: Green
Peas, 76c@91 %i sk for common and 2@2%c ft lb
for Garden; siring Beans, 50cfe91 * sack tor com
mon and 2@2%c \>. tb lor garden: Llmas. 60@76c
Vi sack: Green Okra, 40©:.0 c V box: Dried Oicra,
12% cf> Ib; Cabbage, 40c 9 cti; Carrots, 25(»30c
Vsack; Uarlic, I<£l% C * Ib.
BCTTER, CUGG>K AND KGOS.
BUTTER— Continues weak at the decline, with
considerable competition to sell.
,, J C , XK * MXXY ~ Fftncy ' <21%@22%c; ; seconds, 20
(0)2 lc f» Ib.
Daiby— Fancy, 20c Ib: good to choice, ' 17Vi@
19c; lower grad.g. 12%@16c D St.
Picklxd— 15@17c ft v,.
Fikkin— l4@l6c ■$ Ib. '
CHEKt-E-steady and unchanged. Choice mild
new, B%@9c & lb: common to good old, 6fflßc:
Cream Cueddar." 10@llc: -Young America, 9®loc:
Western, 10@llc: Eestern, ll@l3c Ib.
EGGS-stocks of all kinds are cleaning up and
the market for all descriptions is advancing Ore
gon are quotable at 1 Sift 16c V doz; Eastern, 15®
»c for fair to choice and 20c for fancy store Eggif.
I.j@l6c for ordinary and 17@20c for good ; ranch
Eggs, 26@30c; cold-storage, lt»@2oc.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY — a car of Eastern sold at 13(514c for
Turkey-, 96 60a6 for He is. S6@s oO for yonns
Roosters, 94@4 50 for old Roosers and 92 75r«
4 50 for Broilers
Local stock Is steady, with some changes. Live
Tnrkev*. 12Va@12c V 2> for nobbier.. 12@13c %« tt>
for ens: young Turk »ys. 16®16c; Geese, ■» pair
9 ®1 25; <.o.sllngs, 91 25(^1 60; Uucks. 93@4
V dozen for old and 93 sO(ai6 for young- Hens.
94<a. t >: Boosters, vounc. 94C<&5 r> dozen- do
old, ♦4«a ( 4 50; Fryers, 9* 76@3; BroUers, fi 60®
3 for large and $.@2 60 for small; Pigeons,
SI 75@2 V dozen for youu; aud $1 60 for old.
GAME— NomlnaL
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS-^
Peaches are firmer and Bartlett Pears weaker.
Figs are weak and neglected. Choice Apples are
scarce and wanted.
Quinces. 40@60c "$ box.
Peaches, 26@40c » box for ordinary and 60@65c
for Mountain free.
Plums. 26tg>40c # box: Prunes, 40@50c.
Pomegmnates. BOtai76c fi box.
Apples, 65c@$i ft box for choice. $1 28 for
fancy and : s@suc for common. :-"•-
Pears, 30@50c %i box; Bartletts, 50@75c V large
box.
Figs, 25@35c 9 box for white and 25©40 c for
black. I
BERRIKs-Cranberries are in liberal supply,
dull and weak
Strawberries, «3@5 for large berries.
Raspberries. *3@4 B chest.
Blackberries, $2(54 ft chest.
Huckleberries, b(£-c tb.
Cranberries from Wisconsin, $8 60@9; Cape Cod
are quoted at $8 Lo®9 9 bbl.
GRAPr«_Both Wine and Table descriptions are
moving off well. Seedless. 36(»50c ? box; Isabel
las. 50@65c y crate: Tokays, 40@5tK V box; Black
Grapes, 40@50c: Muscats. :40@50c: Mweetwatcrs
and Fontainebleaux, Ss@4oc>» box;. Grapes in
crates bring 10(ail6c more than in boxes.
Zlnfandel Wine Grapes, $20@25 * ton; White
Grapes. $14@16. / .. - ,•
MELt.Ns— Watermelons are cheap and dull, but
the other kinds rule firm. Watermelons, f 2@B %1
100: , Cantaloupes, 75c@$l 25 # crate; Nutmegs,
25@>60c %4 box. . ■ .. •
CITRUS FRUITS — Prices show no change.
Lemons are quotable at 75c@#l 50 %4 dox
for common and 82 60®3 60 for good to choice:
Mexican Limes, Cs@s 60 V box: California Limes.
— — : Bananua, *I©2 %i bunch; Pineapples, ?2@
o 00 ft do_,
I>KlEl> FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
Peaches, Apricots and Prunes rule firm and deal*
ers look for an advance any day. Some heavy
houses quote Prunes at 3%c for Eastern shipment
and firm at that. Raisins continue In good shape.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows:
C l AXt 9 AD Apricots, 6@Bc H Ib for Royals
and 9@loc %» &. for choice to fancy Moornarks:
Prunes. 3@3%c; Peaches. 3©4% c for prime to
choice, 6%c tor fancy and t#@loc for peeled In
boxes: Apples, 6c for evaporated and 2@2%cfor
Bun-dried; Pears, l%@3cior prime to choice. 2@3c
for quarters and 4@sc ior halves; Plums. 4c for pit
ted and l%@2c for unpitted: Nectarines, 3(g,4c
for choice and 5c for fancy; white Figs, 8c; black
Figs, 2%@2%c.
Jobbinu Prices- reaches. 4V4@BVaC: fancy. 7c
V &>; Apricots, 6@7c; fancy,' 8c: Moorparks, 10@
lie: evaporated Apples, 6c: sun-dried. 3c; Prunes,
S@3y 4 c lor the tour sizes; Figs, black. '..'Vic for tin
]..eased 8@3% tor pressed: white i-lts, 4c:
Plums, 6c for pitted ana 1%0 for unpitted; Necta
rines. 4(gisc t* Ib for prime to fane.. . Pears, 2%@
3c for whole, 2%@3%c for quarters and 4@.'>c.'ior
halves.
SINS—
l akl. ad Pricks, f. o. b. Fresno— Four-crown
loose, 4c; 3-crown, 3%c; 2-crown, 2%c: Seedless
Sultana.*. 4c; Seedless Muscatels. 2%c; 3 crown
London layers, $1 10: clusters, SI 35; Dehesa
clusters, $1 75; Imperial clusters, f2 60; dried
Grapes, 244 c $ lb.
Jobbino Pricks— Four-crown, loose, 4%c: 3
crown, 3»4c'f* Ib; 2-crown, 8c $ tt>; seedless Sul
tanas, 5c $ Ib; seedless Muscatels, 3%c; 3-crown
London layers, $1; clusters, $150. Dehesa clus
ters, *2 60; Imperial cluster", 2 60.
. NUTS— Quo.ations are as follows: Walnuts,
new crop, 8 Id at 10c for son shell; new Almonds,
I 7c lor Lani;uedoc, for hardshell and 9@loc for
I paper-she. 1, jobbing; Peanuts. 4@6c for Eastern
' and 4c for California; Hickory Nuts, 6(g>6c $ Ib;
j Pecans, 7%@bc; Filberts, 7%«g;«c; Brazil Nuts,
7%@Bc Ib; Cocoanuts, *4<a»s f* 100.
HONEY— Comb, 10@12%c lor bright and s@9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 5@5%c:
light amber extracted, 4Vfc#4*4c; darjc amber, i@
4%c; uark. 2@3c V. -to.
, JBEES W AX-ss@27c if* ib. '-* -i.
PI.OVJSIONS.
Fair trade at steady prices.
CURED MF. ATS— Bacon, 6%c * Vb for heavy,
7%c fl Ib for Item medium. 9@9%c ® Ib
for light, 10@ilc for extra light and 12oforsucar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12%<513c;
California Hams. 10@llc V tb; Mess Beef, 97®8:
extra mess do, $8 60@9: family do, 910@ll: extra
prime Pork, |.B(SH tO; extra Clear, 913 3> bbl;
mess. SI 1 50@12 i» bol: >moked Beef, 10c V Ib
I.A l:U— Eastern tierces Is quoted at 4ViC 1* Ib
for compound and 6%c for pure; palls, tic >» lb:
California tierces, 4Va c for compound and 6%c:or
pine; ha 1- bbls, 6%c; 10-lb tins, tji/ic; do 5-Ib.
6%c ? tt.. ■
COT I OLENE-6Vfe@6%c in half-bbl» ana 684©
7y 8 i- II In 10-tt. tins .
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— No further change to re
j port. Market quiet. Heavy salted steers «%c;
culls and brands, 5%c: medium, 5%@65; culls and
! brands, 4Vjai;;c ft Ib; light, 4@4Vijc: culls »nd
I brands. 3%<g4c; Cowindes. 4@sc: culls and brands,
I 3%@4%c; saiten Kip, cc: salted Calf. 6©7 c%t It.;
I salted Veal. s@6c; dry Hides. 9@loc: culls and
I branas, 7<ffl7%c; dry Kit. and Veal, 8c: culU, 6f^
j 7c i\ tb; dry Calf, 15c; culls. 10,-; Goatskins. "0
i 35c each: Kids, 6c: Deer«kin«, goya summer,
20<t250 t*. &>: medium, 15@ Oc; winter. 7@9c;
bhc<'pskins, shearings. lOalOc each: short wool,'
20@35ceacb; medium, 40^60ceach: long wools,
50(0)60 each. Culls of all kinds about %c less.
'1 AixuW- No. 1. rendered. 'ji,:.i: .\a 2,
2(Si2i/4C; reHned. 4%@5c: Grease, l%c "t» Ib.
OL— Ihe lemima hnsslackene 1 off tiEain and
the market is gui- ter New San Joaquin Fall. 2%@
4c. We quote c ip: Hum bold 1 and Mendoclnn,
10@llc: Nevada, C@B ..c; San Joaquin and south
ern Coast, six months.'~3%@sc: northern free de
fective. 4yjt©s%c %i Ib.
HOPS— Are nominal.
GENERAL BIEKCHANDISK
BAGS— Calcutta « rain Bags, spot, 94 121 ' 2 @l 20:
Pan Quentiii. $4 VO; Wool Bags. .24%@26%c;
Fr 1 Bags, 6%@5%a
• COAL- Wellington, 98 V ton: New Welllnston,
98 9 ton: Southileld Wellington. 97 50 9 ton;
i Seattle, *s(ar> 50: r>ryan , *6; ooe lav, 94 50;
I Wallsend, $7: Scotch, 97 60; Brymbo, 97 50;
; C;inioer:ahd, 913 60 '$ ton in bulk and 915 in skit:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Kgg. 911 fi ton: Welsh
anthracite. 99: cannel. 97 50; 1 ock Springs.
Castle Gate and Pleasant ■ Valley, 97 tH): Cone,
, 91 1013 in bulk and $13 ft ton In nks.
CANNED FRUITS— Cheirles, black or red—2%
, Ib extra, 92 .0 ?! dozen: White » berries— 2 Va-tb
! extra, $2 50; 2% Vb standards, 92 10. Peaches
j Yellow, free, !?. ,o@i 60: yellow, cling, 2Va-R>
! standards ; gei-onds, . Apricots— Bbt@
91 05. Raspberries— 2%-lb standards, 91 su@l 76.
Strawberries— Standards, 91 50ie.l 76.
CUFFKE- "
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes, 80c *
dozen. 2%-lb tins. I ens, *1(31 25 dozen.'
Costa Kica— l ."»4@i9%c for good to prime: 17@
171/ao for good mix en with black beaus. 15%@
16% c for fi.lr; 12t014V2 for common to on. 1 ary.
Bai.vai>or— l73/i@l9c foraooa to » line washed:
17(a;17%c «* Ib lor lair wasird: 19rd'.0c forKOod
to prime washed peaberry; 16%@lttVic for su
perior unwashed; 15V4@15iV«iC Jor good unwasheu;
i6%@17%c for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
■ '■I'ATi MAI.A and Mexican— 2Ul4@-0-; 4 i: notll
for prime to strictly prime washed: ltf@2. Victor
good to strictly good washed: . lt>@lßc for fair
washed: 14@15%c for medium: 12@13%c lor
I ordinary; uglli^c for inferior to common; 20
@^o%f tor go..d to prime washed p«»nberry: 17®
17% c for good ,0 prime unwashed reaberry.
HSU— Pacific* oa. catch of 1896, 100-Ib cas»s,
4@4S / ic rlb 60- Ib bundle-i. 4c: Boneless, r>r<ts%c;
Bloc. s,i-@.7V 2 c: Desiccated, 91 70. Pacific Hr
ring. 16c $ box: Dutch do. 90cw»91 10 ■$ keg;
White Hsh,9l 60 in half-bbls and 91 75 in kits;
1 ongues and Sounds, 912: Mackerel, bbls— No. 1.
9*o: No. 2. $18 50 No. 3 $17; half-bb.s-No. 1.
*9@ • 50; No. I-, 98 60@9: No. 3, *8 60; kits, No.
1, *1 50: No. 2,51 25; ; No 91.
o QUICKSILVER— for export at 934®
86 60 t>. sk. ' . .
OIL-ialifornla Castor Oil,' cases. No. 1, 95c:
bbls, 90c |.er ga. (manufacturers' rates): Linseed
I Oil m bbls. boiled, .8c; do raw, 36c; -cases. 5c
I more; Lard til, extra winter strained, bbls, 55c-
I No. 1,45 c; cases, 5c higher; "china .\ut, 94 7O@
5 t case. • ... .
PEI ROLET7M. GASOLINE. ETC.-Water-white
Coal Oi , in bulk, llV»c: Pearl : Oil, li cases. 17y 2 c
£ gal: Astral, do. 17% c * '--al; Star, do, 17% c:
Extra star oil, incases, 21% c; Elaine, do, 22ia c;
hocene, do. 19% c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 13c; do, in cases. 19c; 63" Deodorized
Naphtha, In buik, 12c: tß° do in cases. 17% c: 86°
Gasoline, in bulk, 20 86° do. In cases, 2&c -f, eal
WHl'lE LEAD-Quoted it 6%c * Ib.
RED LKA I)-Quoiab c at 6%c « Ib.
lUHPENTJNK-ln cases. 4ic; in iron barrels,
36c; in wooden barrels, 38c fi gal. - . . '
1 .CA. CA N DLKiS -Klectnc Light— 6's, 16 oz, 7%c; do,
14 oz. 7c; do, 12 oz, 6V4c; do, 10 oz. 6y c: Gran
ite— 6s, 16 oz. 91/ic; do. 14 oz. " B^c; do, 12 oz.
7%c; do. 10 oz, 7c $ Ib.
o 1 EA ,!lJ??, ~~ 1 '"11" 11 * nd nnchaneed. Extra heavy
Sole. 26@28c; heavy Sole, 27c for No. 1 and 25c
«* Jo for No. 2; medium Sole, 24@26c for No. 1
and .^ enc n for No. 2. • Light Sole, 23*24 c for No. 1
an I 20® 22c &n> for .\o. 2; Harness, heavy, 30®
Ssc; do, medium, 28c: : .10, light, 24@25c; Rou h
Umer.lß|it2|)c : Kips. 940@50 doz: Calf, 70®
POc: l<ou^h Splits. 4©6c7 ■'..,.' v{Uf
■ HUOAR— The Western Sugar Refining Comnanr
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed. 5%c
Powdered, 63/ 8 c; Fine Crushed, fi%c; Dry Granu
ii?* ' *&*£'' Confectioners'. A, 4SA«: Magnolia A,
4* c; txtraC, 4i/ 4 c: OoidenO, 4V 8 n; half barrels,
%c more than barrels, and boxes %c more.
RECEIPTS Of ritouuca.
FOR 24 hours.
Floor, qr sks.... 6.h96 Cheese, ct15...... ■ ■ 28
Oregon 10.361 Keg*- doz... IS.HBH
wheat. c; 15...... 93,52*! Hides, n0........ *89
0reg0n.......... 390 Pelts, bd15...:... 190
Barley, ci 15...... 98,8491 Wine, ga1a....... 13.2i.0
Beans, sks 4.419 Wool, bi5........ 144
Potatoes, sks.... 2.390 0reg0n.:....... 41 .1
Onions, 8*3...... 262 Sugar, bbls .» 2,210
Bran. Rks , 50 Lumber. M feet. 60
oi!o i!f on ""•■•••••" "•■••••• <.B2»i leather. rolls.... 90
Middlings, sks... 906 Hops, bi5........ . 31
t Oregon ;■ 150 Flaxseed sks.... 875
Hay. t0n5........ 2hS Sorts.S orts. Or sks... 2,500
Butter. ctls _ 168 Qulckallver.flsks . 30
WOOD, LIMBER, EIC.
Posts. 9@loc each; Redwood, 95 » cord; Oak,
rough, «(> 50: peeled. 99; Pine, *5 75.
l A .->;BAKK-sl4*cord.
LLMBEK- Retail priesi es for Pine are: No. 1
rough. «13@i7 fx> for the iffereut lengths: No. 2,
IH'. °' l Mooring. 921@26: Lath. 92: Redwood.
916 for No 1 and 913 for No. 2: Hustle, 918023;
ohingles, common, 9t 60; shakes, 99 V M.
SAN FUANCIsCO MGAT MARKET.
Hutton and Lamb are higher. Hogs have again
declined. reef Is firm. Wholesale rates for dressed
stocK from slaughterers are an follows:
BEEF— First ouailty. A c: second do. 4@
4V2C: third do, 31/2 Cf^ lb.
AL— Large, 4®sc; small, S@6c Ib.
MUTTON -Wethers, s@sV_c; Ewes, 4Va@»c
9 lb. , ■
LAMB— 6Vs®6V2C * Ih. ' -
PORK— Live nous. 2i/ 3 (5'- > 5/ 8 " V ft for large and
'-'•%c for small and medium ; aressed do, 4V 4 @4V.c
•—• — « — »
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John and Kate A. Hayes to I. J. Truman, lot on
N line of Broadway. 168:9 W of I.arkin street, W
4Z:9 by N 137 :«; «5.
Il.nrv C. swum to Louise Swain, lot on S line
of Post s reet, 06 W of Polk, W 30 by 8 180: gift.
Stephen T. and Minna T. French to Ida B. and
Walter E. French, lot on S line of Pine street,
137:6 Wof Gouph. \v 25 by S 120; $100.
David and Jeanne Jacob to Isaac Kllaaer, lot on
8 line of Oak street, 31:3 W of Asbbary, W 25 by
S 100: sio.
Isaac Eliaser to Emily Ellass, same: cift.
Edward and Mary Sweeney to Jtflerson G.
James, lot on X line of Folsom street, 75 Sof
Nineteenth, 8 26 by E 100: grant,
Kalp.-i M. Dement to Cornelius W. Hogan, lot on
NW corner of Twenty-fourth and Harrison streets,
N 95 by W 122:6; $10.
Magdalene and Bernhard Dpppe to Frederick
Ruhland, rerecord 1679 d 220, on E line of Doug
lass street. 110 N of Seventeenth, N 26 by X 74;
$10.
Frederick and Caroline Ruhland to Thomas and
Ellen McCue, same; $10.
Luning company to Anna L. Whlttell, lot on
SW corner of Sansome and Lombard streets. W
137:6, S 195, W 15, 8 30. E 60:10, N 68:9, E91:8,
N _06:3;r520.
Henry and Bridget RatcllfTe t by Herman Shain
\vald, commissioner) to Albert S. W oil berg, lot on
NWline of Folsom street, 275 XE of Seventh.
NE 96 by NW 100 (47.825): $9500.
Henry t, Hwaln 10 William H. Swain, lot on
NW line of Thirty-fourth avenue and C street, W
240, N 120, E 120 N 120, E 120. S 240; $10.
William 11. Swain to Louise Swain (wife of
Henry C). same: $10.
Henry C Uwain to same, same; also property in
Tehama County ; gift.
.'- - v , ALA It EDA COUXTY.
Cornelius Wells (by commissioner) to same, lot
28. Drexler Tract, Oakland Township: $442.
John Long to James Thompson, lot 9, block 9;
also lot 1, block 6. Jose Domingo Tract, Berke
ley, quitclaim deed: $6. *.
Home Security Building and Loan Association
to Henriece Kuntze. lot on W 1 ne of Adeline
street, 99:8% N of Klghtb, N 25 by W 128:3,
blocK 647, Oakland : $10. '
Dennis and Ellen Mahoney to C. J. Curran, lot
On N line of Third street. 75 Wof Clay, W 25 by
« 100. being lot 23, block 28, Oakland; CIO.
M. P. Madson (by Tax Collector) to B. Kelsey,
lots 16 and 18, Piedmont Tract, Oakland Town
ship: *1. ■
William Lageman (by same) to same, lots 41
and 43, sime. Oakland 1 ownahlp: $1.
E. .V. Lay man (by same) to same, lots 63 , and
65. same, Oakland Township; 1.
B. Kelsey 10 J. H. T. Waikinson, lots 17, 1& 41.
43. 63 and 65. map of Piedmont Tract, Oakland
Township, quitclaim deed; $10. .
Jacob and Una Herman (by attorney) to Ole
Hut, lots 134 and 135, Alviu Tract, Brooklyn
Township: (350.,
George and Emma A. Gray to Lewis B. Chandler,
rerecord 605 d 206,12.1 acres beginning at a
corner of a fence on N side of Cemetery avenue
at SK corner of 20-acre tract of Manuel Rose,
thence NX 9.03 chains. NW 11.05 chains, NW
10.20 chains, SE 16.74 chains to beginning, Eden
Township; $10.
Anna H Charlotte, B. and John H. Spring to
Manuel Vleira, lot ) 2, block 83, town Of Decoio.
Washington Township: $200. i
Walter Friar to D. F. i-llver. lot on N line of
Nolan street, 266:3 W of West, W 100 by N 100,
being lots 23 and 24, block K. map of property of
Central land Company, subject to a mortgage for
$1000. Oakland: $10. ' •"*
Harry R. Feige to Caroline Felge, lot on NW
corner of West Eighth and Cypress streets, W
31:3 by N 138:3%, being portion of lots 6 and 7,
block 652, Eighth-street i met, Oakland, 10.
Martha D. Hume to Electia L. ±iea:h, lot on the
E line of Union street, 100 N of Thirty-second, N
26 d.v E 133:3. being the S 25 feet lot 2, block 678,
Watts 'lract, Mup 2, Oakland; *10.
William H. and Emily J. btewart to Alexander
Felg, lot on the S line of Sixth street, 'loo W of
Castro. W 25 by a 100, being lot 13, block 49,
Oakland; *10.
Ann iirannan to Mary F. E. Hodge (wife of J.
R.),10t on the X line of seventeenth avenue, 60
SEof Twelfth street. 149 K. 80 N, 73 W. 30 to
beginning, being portions of lets I, 2 and 3, Mock
3, San Ai.tonio. Kaat Oak and: $10.
Robert P. and Emma ß. Dey to Sarah E. B. Frick
(wife of ■ . B.), lot on N .v .ii.c of Twenty-second
avenue, 110 MV of East Twenty-first stir.et SW
30 by NW 125. subject 10 a mortgage of 91060,
las: Oakland; $10.
Theodore and Ferdlnande (.Jier to Lewis B.
Chandler, lot on E corner of Monroe street and
Twenty-third avenue. >E 180.1-', N 69.10, NW
178 86, BW 43.70 10 beginulu_, being lot, 1, Draper
Tract, East Oukland: $5.
John and Wllhelmina Mole to George H. Fuller
Desk Compiny, lot on N line of Wilder street, tits
lantSW 4i7:6 from center line of Lowell street.
thence SW 76, NW 147.84, NE 76 -E 147.84 to
beginning, being portion of plat 65, Rancho V.
and 11.1 1. Peralta, B. riieley; *10.
Clark Br>ok to J:ine R. Brook, lot on NWcor
m-r«)f Slmttuck avenue and Francisco street, W
51, N 134.67, E 60.30, S 135 to beginning, being
lo: 10. block C, Janes Tract, Berkeley: lift.
Elizabeth M. "Kenney (by commissioner) to
Berkeley Bank of Savings, lot on b line of Addi
son street. 20« W of Oxford, W 50 by S 125, being
lot 8. block A, Blake 'iract, Berkeley, maps 1 and
2: *16.0. -
Walter C. nnd Alma J. Beatle to John and Ann
P.ogers lot on N line of Virginia street, 435.6 E
of « venue, 1 50 by N lt»0, being lots 20
and 31, Bromley Tract, Brooklyn Township; $5.
i-an Francisco Savingt Union .0 James . and
Fa.inie A. Jsm'son. lot on W line of Fountain
am it. 52:9 S of Linden avenue, S 5-t hv W
1 i 7 :6i/2. bein; lot 19, block B, Sather & Robinson
True , .laiiieda; $10.
Cnarlis Babb to Charles A. Krogh, 10 acres,
bounded on lite N by X street, on the E by lands
of J. T. Campbell, on the S by East street and on
the W by lands of Thrader et al., quitclaim deed,
i-den lownship; $6.
Builders' Contracts.
G. B. Ratto with Cuneo <fc Cavaglla, to erect a
three-story htii.dfng on W ll;ie of Folsom street,
100 S of Twenty fourth: 9 1390.
Incident of a Royal Wedding
Everything did not pass off quite so
satifactoriiy at Wednesday's royal wed
ding as might bave been thought. The
Datiy News tells to-day of a serio-comic
incident. The Archbishop of Canterbury
and the Bishop of Winchester had strnt
their state robes to Buckingham Palace
early in the day, and it was directed tuat
the same should be taken to the robing
room, where tlie clergy were to assemble
and dress previous to proceeding to the
chnnel at noon.
When the Archbishop and the Bishop of
Winchester arrived not a vestige of their
ye tmen s o aid b> found in the robme
room. The while palace was in a state of
excitement at the weddinp prepara ions
and h- canonical robes were sought after
hirh an« low but ovuld not be tound.
Loril Edward Peiham Ciinton, master of
ihe household, was cilled in to aid in the
*eHrch, and evtnunlly t ne rob^s were
iound in some one else' room just in
time for the service. — Westminister Ga
zetie.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Skpticmheb, 1896.
la.
Mo.
Tu.
\V. Th. Kr.
2 I 3 4
8 10 11
|Sa.
Moon's Phase
1
I
| 5
0Bk. : New Moou
W S»pi. 7.
7
8
13
■'^\Flrs Quart «
v«y;Bept. 13.
I
I
la
14
15
18 ' 17 18
33 24 85
19
®
Full Moon.
S*pt. 21J
•JO
21
23
2tf
/J*\L»at Quarter.
■5-/ s«pt. 119.
27
28
29
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Oate« of Departure Fr -m San FnncUro.
KR.
3 tar buck....
V. BlMKhnl
Kureka.....
Iruclcee ....
Weeott.....
r\ raxo ......
I'olnmbla...
)r17.80a .. .
I a; ail on
P0m0na.....
-ant a Kosa.
UmatlUa....
Jity Sydney
Joos 8ay.. . .
loronit
■>tnte 01 Cal.
D0ric.;:....:
Cent merle*. { Sept' 23. J 2 if :l« M a
Oregon ports.. Sep. 23, beu | Pier IS
Newport >ep.-J-l, tAMll'laril
loos 8ar...... Sepi24, 2pm Her 8 '
Kei invar sepl'44. spm I'ler I I
Coos Bay I !Sept'2».loA Pier 1 1
remand ...... SetH-'&.HUw I Pier
.Mexico.... Sept 26. Pier 1 1
Yaqnina Bay. 'Septaft, Bah ! fieri
Humboldtßav -ept'Jß, ;rn { Pier 9
Kan J>ie«:o... . *ept2&llAM I Pier
Vie & Pgt Snd Sept 8. 9am ; Pier 9
Panama.......' Sept2B,J2 M P M 8 8
Newport...... Sepias. Paw; Pier 11
"-an U1ec0..... 80.11 ah I Pl#rll
Portland ...... >ept ii.lUaw I'lcr I
China A Japan fpt3o. Spii : PMS S
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
■■TKAHER
*'BOIC
DDK
fruckee
Wet-ott r.'...":.:.
Karallon .-;"..':;;;
Mar1p0ia.......
Santa K05a.....
Aiazo ..........
Del Nort«
Pomona ;.
North F0r*. ....
Alca:raz. ;..„■.:
loos Kay..v....
City Puebla....
Slate Of Cat ....
LTesceat City...
Corona. ~.T.\.'.lZ
Hr\tt 8en1t0......
»u:ioi ..;..."....
San 8ia5."..... .:
'• zlec .........
Knrelca..... ..;■;.
Columbia.. :.v.;
Coos Bar .."......'..
E«l River „....'
Yaguina bar :.:.'.. .::v.v
Sydney;.::.-.;.. ..;-;..
San Dieato... .-..-..;...;.
Coo* Bay :
v rays Harbor
Humboldt 8ay. ......;..
HumboitU Bay
Coos Bay ................
Newport. ....:....■...
Victoria * Pugel Sound
P0rt1and........
Crescent City
Han Dieg0......
Tacom a".
Grays Harb0r..'........'.
V"a nam a .'; T^T. Tv.Vr.".". ;."
H0n01u1u. .:..... ..%....
New p0rt....... ..■...'....:
P0rt1and. ;."...; ..:.".'
..Sept 23
..Sept 23
.-.*t>pt 33
. . v ept 24
..Hep 24
..>eut 24
. . Sept --'5
..Hepi 25
..Sept 26
..Sept '20
..Sept v:6
..Sept 27
..hep: '27
..!-ept '28
..sept 28
Sent *J»
..sep 29
..Sept 29
..Sept. id
..sept SO
.OPt
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hydroobafhic Orrici. U. 8. N., ■»
-Merchants' Exchanok >
San Francisco. Seotember 22. 1896. )
The lime bail on lelegraob Hill wasdroppel
exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. v.. Greenwich time.
j. T. McMillan,
Assistant, in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
B"n??iS.^ A S? "EOOKTIO SDBVKT TIDK")
A £?£«££* p " BUIH1 "> BY Official [
ACTHOBITV OF THE SCPBRIXTK .DB VT. J
Wednesday, September 23.
Sunrises 5.5f1! Moon rises.. * 89 ™
8t »°sets 6.041 Moon sets:...:::
September- 1 8»6.
SIrSHrSH^SHS^I-
H W
28 0.3b
24 1.21
26 -2.10 .
2B 3.07
27 4.22
28 5.48
1.5 iVI-Ui
L W
5.0 605
4.7 6. XI
. 4.5 6.56
4.1 7.24
3.9! 7.58
3.9 8.44 1
6.4 b. l«i
H W ,
1.8 1*21!
V.2 12.40
2.7 1.0
3.6 1.7
3.6 1.55
3.8 2.36
1.3
■ I. V\ ■
6-b 6.42 1.0
6.5 7.21 0 8
6.5 8.03 , 0.7
5.5 8.48 0.7
5.5 9.44 0.7
6.4.10.40, 0.8
NOT*-In the above exposition of the tides the
•arly morning tides an, given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day. the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
band column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
»ccurs. The heights given are additlous to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (-) precedes tb*
height, and then the number gi ven Is subtractive
from the depth given by ;he charis-
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived. ri.'.V
■■}]■-■'..■• -".• TUESDAY, September 2'i.
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefield, 85 hrs frm Tacoma;
8600 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland direct.
Stmr Columbia, Boltes. 633/ 4 hours from Port
land, via Astoria *1 hours; pass and mdse, to O R
AN Co.
stmr Crescent City. Allen, 36 hours from Cres
cent City: pass and mdse, to Hobbs, Wall A Co.
Stmr Doric. Smith, 27 days from Hongkong, via
Yokohama 16 days, via Honolulu 6 days, 2S hoars
and 2:1 mln: pass an 1 mdse, toOiOSS Co.
Stmr Eureka. Jepsen. 69 hours from Newport
and way ports; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins
<feC0. ......... . . .. . .,,-.
Stmr Umatllla. Hunter. 62 hours from Victoria;
pass and mdse. to Ooodall, Perkins A Co.
< Br • ship ■ Royal Forth, Cooper, 137 days from
Swansea. 4249 tons coal. 343 tons coke, to F Lloyd
Jonas. < ' - . . \ ".- .
Mr ship Dlmsdale, Rothery, 152 days from Ham
burg; mdse, to Wm Wolff & Co. - . ,
Ital baric Esemplare, Rossi, ' 192 days from
Genoa, via Valparaiso 53 days, mdse, to W R
Grace & Co.
Ship Louisiana, Halcrow, 27 days from Bristol
Bay; 38,227 cs salmon. 2*l bt>ls salt salmon, 49
tierces -alt salmon, to Alaska Packers' Assn.
Br ship Valkyrie. Nicholson, 50 days from Santa
Rosalia: ballast, to mas.er.
Bark Highland Light, Hughes, 13 days from
Tacoma; 2067 tons coal, to South Prairie Coal Co.
BKtn Monitor. Turloff. 13 days from Tacoma;
327 M ft lumber, to Chas Nelson.
Bktn Irmgard. Schmidt. 21 days from Honolulu:
856) nags sugar. 5 castes gin, 781 cs canned pine
apples, to Williams, Dlmond & Co; 8»87 bags
sugar, to Welch A Co.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, 27 hours from
Devilbiss Landing; 176 eds baric, to J S KimbaU.
Scbr Mary Etta, Zaddart, 38 hours from Fisks
Mill: 76 eds wood, to Bender Bros.
Cleared.. .
TUESDAY, September 22.
Stmr Australia, Houdlette, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels A Bros Co. i :-*-^v--
Nmr Corona, Hall, San Dieso; Goodall, Perkins
A Co.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka; Goodau, Perkins
4 Co.
Nor stmr Aggl, Hatteberg, Bristol; Balfour,
Outhrle & Co.
Brship Formosa, Ohrlofi. Queenstown ; O W
McNear. - »
Brship Star of France, Ulyatt, Queenstown; Glr
vln A Eyre.
Bark Harvester, Grnner, Karluk; Alaska Imp
Co.
Sailed.
TUESDAY, September 22.
Stmr Albion, Lundqulst.
f-tmr nipsv. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson. Albion.
Stmr Corona, Hall, San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Australia. Houdlette, Honolulu.
Stmr Laguna, Peterson.
binar Pomona, Doran, Eureka.
Ger bark Robllla, Hover. London via Noyo.
Bark Harvester, Gruner, Karluk.
Schr Hem, Olsen.
Schr Sadie, Smith, Astoria.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nelson. Iversens Landing.
bear Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. BeDt. 22-10 p. M.— Weather
cloudy; wind SE; velocity 8 miles.
Charters.
The bKtn Tropic Bird loads mase for Tahiti and
Marquesas; schr M W Tult, mdse for Maza'.lan
and San Bias: Br ba k Cumbusdoon. coal at
Naualmo for thin port; bktn Konert Sudden, lum
ber at Port Blakeley for Haiphong, 47s 6d ; Br bark
Earlscourt, wheat at Portlan 1 for Europe, 32s td:
Br barKS Cuolca and Natuna, same voyage, 30s;
Br bark Gulf Stream, name voyasr -, 31s 3d.
The Br ship Dominion was chartered prior to
arrival lor wheat to Europe, 27s 6U. ■ -
' Spoken.
Sept 19— Lai 37 38 N. lone 127 41 W, Br ship
Harland, from Astoria, for Cork; bktn Planter, fm
E - <reka. tor Sydney.
Aug 15— In the mouth of the Gulf of California,
Br ship Celtic Queen, from.&anta Bosulia, for
United Kingdom.
; \, Domestic Ports.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Sept 22— Schr Sophia Suth
erland
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Sept 22-Schr
American Girl, from Port Townsend; schr O W
Watson, from Honolulu.
UMPQUA— Sept 2— Schr Louise, for San
Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 22— Stmr Farailon. for
Yaquina Bay. .
Sailed >-ept 22— *-chrElnorab, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 21— *chr
Emma Claud! hence Sept 30.
-ailed Sept 22— .-sicar Del Norte, for San Fran
cisco.
STEWARTS POINT— Sailed Sept 22-Schr
Archie and Fontle, tor san Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Sept 22— schr Hueneme,
for San Francisco. ,
GREENWOOD— Arrived Sept 22— Stmr Green
wood, hence Sept 21.'
ASTORIA— SaiIed Sept 22— Br stmr Monmouth
shire, for Yokohama; m ship Antiope, for Queens
town.
Arrived Sept 22— Br stmr Hupeh, from Yoko
hama; stmr State of California, hence Sept 20.
Foreign Ports.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr City of Rio
de Janeiro, hence Sept 3: Br stmr Altmore, from
Portland: Haw s:mr Aztec, from anal mo. Sept
14— Br stmr Doric, from Yokohama.
Sailed Sept — 'ii Austra la, for San Francisco.
Sept 10- ■« a City of Rio <Ie Janlero, for Yoko
hama. Sept 11— Br stmr Altmore. 'or Yoko
hama. Sept 11— Br stmr Altmore, tor Yokohama.
Sept 16— Bark Albert and bktu S N Castle, for San
Francisco.
Vessels In port— V S stmr Adams: bark Forest
Queen discharging: scbr Transit to sail for San
rancisco about Sept 16 or 18: Haw stmr Aztec to
sail tor San Francisco about the 2_'d: Br bark
Lad as discharging.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Sept 2— Yacht Coronet.for
San Francisco. • ■ •
sailed Sept 18— Br ship Cudbope. for Port Los
Ang les.
CaLLAO— Cleared Sept 13— Br ship Cl:y of Glas
gow, tor Ho.ai Roads.
KOBE— Arrived Aug 26— Schr Okanogan, from
Port Gamble.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 22-Stmr Spree, for
Bremen. .
BOULOGNE— Arrived out Bept 22— Stmr Veen
dam. 0 ■
MOVlLLE— Arrived out Sept 22— Stmr Ancho
rla. - :•
LEWIS ISLAND— Passed Sept 22— Stmr Persia,
from "Hamburg, for New York.
LlZAßD— Passed Sept 22-stmr Trave, from
New York, ior Southampton.
BROW HK AD- Passed Sept Stmr Servia,
from New York, for Liverpool.
' Importations.
KILLISNOO— Per Umatilia-SS bbls salmon.
Metlakatla— SOOO cs salmon.
•Pott Townsend— l dry goods. 1 sk coin.
-Seattle— lo.o bdls hides and skins. 859 green
Shit hides, 1 pkg shovels, 1 bx tinware. 2 sks coin,
300 tons coal, 21 pkgs mdse. 1 ca millinery goods
1 bx holts, 1 caidy, 9 bxs pipe connections. 3
pkkS Junk. 400 sks oats, 2 sks moss. 1087 cs sal
mmi, 13 cs meat, 1 bdi ' furs, 1 reel wire rope, 1 cs
fittings. , .
Sea tie ex G N R R— l pkg mdse, 260 sks wheat,
250 bf Nks flour. • .
Tscoma-6 pkgs junk, 7 cs dry goods, 6 bales
ticking. 10 pkgs croceries, 4 pkgs nUse, 30 sks '
oats, 400 tons bullion.
Tat oma west of Fargo— llso hf-sks 500 qr-sks
flour. 3.6 sks oats. 5531 sks wheat, 1 cs dry goods.
1 steel. .. . . .
: lac ma east of Fargo— 2 bb!s 16 cs grease. Ics
candy, '■! cs spokes. " . „ ; .
Everett— B3s kegs nails, 77 rolls 9 cs2ls bdls
paper, 1 sk plun-. ...
Anacortes— sks oa s, 2460 bbls lime.
New Whatcom— l lot mdse, 31 pcs lumber, 1 sk
coin.
Vancouver— 6l7 green hides, •79 bdls hides and
skins. 3 pkgs mdse. - 1
East v.a Vancouver-400 cs condensed milk, 60
bbls glucose 50 bbls otl. 46 bdls gunnies, 6 cs trav
eling bags. 15 cs organs, 17 cs hosiery. 10 cs dry
coo Js, 215 cs tobacco, 2cs pianos, 30 Cs raisins 21
cs cigarettes. 125 cs boots ant shoes, 1 cs musical
instruments. 1 cs elastic, 1 crt blc/cles 3 cs pow
der. 1 cs cigars, 2 cs knit goods, 1 cs underwear,
2 cs flannels.
PORTLAND AND ASTORIA- Per Columbla
2£ol gunnies flour. 2879 sks flour. 3200 sks bran,
1650 sks snorts. -17*6 s'<s bran. 410 ski wool 2
bales wool. 25 bdls burlap, 301 sks wheat. 383 sat
hides. 6c6«reen hides. t> pk 3 s (tluestock. 106 bdls
c.lisklos. hO bdls dry hides, 1 706 pkga paper, hO
cs matches, lit. dry : hides. 15 cs lara. 293 bdl"
J^T'k.J^ elM St .® 7 ' cs salmon. 1 lot express. 107
bee: hides. 14 bdls calf hides. 14 bdls pelis. 39d 3*3
oysters, 17 bbls era. berries.
m CRESCENT CITY-Per Crescent Clty-23 cs
Sr ca ni ltf - b «10 ,£ bls 21«>ks 3» tubs butter. 1
fou cable X'K ' Pk6S mdae> 111 Mft lumber, 1
s^bef o^n^ EUrek *- 64 *» —^ 24
. Los Angeles via San Pedro- 34 pfcgs mdse, 25 cs
mineral water, Vi bbl California wine.
Easi, Han Pedro— 6 cs fish. 1 okr mdse.
H ueneme— 2 pk»;s rndue. 2 pkgs spirits.
Crpltuena— 1 6 sks wa nuts.
Ventura-2 bxs hardware. 11 bxsseed. 17 sks
walnuts, 11 kg * mdse. 33 cs hones 3b " baklnc
f« W i d^ ; k95k 95 bl " lemon »' • <HH> sks beans. 2 coops
fowl, 74 bx* oranges.
Santa Barhara-4 ppsk * s mdse, 121 Unions,
Gavlota-S7 sks crawfish. ■ . . . r* ,
1 Port Harford— 111 1 hxs fish.
n P^i Ry »2 «-3& pkgs mdse, 1 bdl dry hides.
66 bdls green hides, 3 bxs butter, 4 cs eggs. 4 bdls
pel's. I bx cheese, 3 sks nuts. 10% bis wool. 62C
sks bitum uoos rock, 384 ska wheat, 17»5sks bar
ley.
Cayucos— l39l sks barley. .1 coop chickens, 4C
bdls dry hides. 10 dressed calves. ,
. *an Simeon— l cs prim, 8 pk«s mdae. 1 sfc Deans,
2 bb s 7 bxs buiter. 1 bx grapes. 2 Crossed calves,
1 bd' h d**. ;
HONGKONG— Per Doric— lßßo pkgs mattlnar.
16 pkgs silk goods, SI nkes partis. 73 pkgs
tap'oca, 61 pkgs coffee. 1250 pkcs sugar, 50 pk«s
opium, 222 pkgs curios. 800 pkgs oil, 6 pkirs raw
si'k. 6449 pkgs tea. 7693 pk*s rice, 12,702 p-ga
tnd-ie.
or overland— 7s pksrs matting, 63 pkes silk
(too Is. 77 nk'-'s parcels, 23 1 pkes curios. SI pitas
rawslltc, 2*4-' dlcks tea. <-68 pkc m ue.
Cen ral an<i South America— 32 pitcs silk gooas,
7 pkgs tea, 705 pk«s mdse. .
Consign «*«q.
Per TTmatl'la— L. A. C!aybor«rh : Bisslncer A Co;
Fry. Buhn & > o: Devlev <fc Bros: Central Coal Co:
Wells. Fareo A Co: Allen A Lewis; San Franc'sco
Chemic 1 Works- J X Arirsbv A Co: Lev! fauna
& Co: RIiToolltz: W Flescber: Rothschild Co;
Waterhouse & Lester: Ehrenport. Relnsteln A Co:
Krkerlv A Co: H Dutard: E J Bowen & Co: Get*
Bros <fc Co; H Anderson: N Yung; JA Hobbling
& Son 8; American" Carbonic Acid and Gas Co; is
McKay: W A Ryrson; B H Barrett: G L Daik-y:
A Plncus: H WHlirelns: A Kepsold A Co; C Hur
ley & Co: Davis, Hab*>r <fc Co: J J Bauer A Co: M
Fried] n<ler: M-vre, Frlck & Co: Selby Smelting
and Mill. Co; Coronado Mln Water Co: w E New
ton: Our Mothers Mill Co: Pacific Cycle Co: Mar
phy, Gr.nt A Co; C J Leist A Co: X L Everett A
Co: Hlestand. Warner* Co: J Fveml -c <fe Co: J
P Thomas: h C Higglns: Pelton Water Wheel Co;
f'chwabcher Bros? Tacoma Grain Co: Thos Wit
son: N D Millers' Association; ■* Fhevfoater: O X
5i a ran! Davis, Bros: Baker A Hamilton; WO
Kichardeon: Blake. Moffltt &Town»; Moore, Fer
-1m" & r0:r 0: H T Holmes Lime Co; C X Burnsfrte;
iseiiingnam Bay Improvement Co: Bfssinij<r Co:
Murphy, Gram & Co: Buckingham. H»-cht A Co;
Sherman. Clay A Co; C Mason: Cahn. Nickels
burg & Co: Sherwood A Sherwood: Sachs Bros A
to; H Hart Tillman A Benrtel: Abrahamsoa
A Helm-he: Kittle Co; F M Halpe: C S Fecbim
er; Sherman. Clay a Co; Oppenheimer & Co;
Haas Bros: The Wertbelmer Co; BenJ Curtaz A
Co; American Biscuit Co; American Tobacco Co:
Kohler A Chase. • :
n Pe , r ,r?,' rlc J Brand-nstein & Co: Parrott A
Co: William Roth; the Fuljl Company ; Till mann A
Bendel : Southern Pacific ( ompany. the California
A Japan Trading Company; Lonaon & Paris A
American Hank; Alex Center: OAOH s Com
pany: A Robinson; order: Chinese and Japanese
merchants. ■
Per Crescent City-Dodge, Sweeney A Co; Wit
eel A Baker: Norton Teller AR: Irvine Brothers:
F B Height A Co: Getz Brother* & Co- (luff
Brothers; O B smith* Co; c E Whitney* Co-
Hil mer. Bredhoff A J-chuiff: Tillmann A Bendel •
CH Meyer* Co; Thomas Loughran; Enterprise
Brewery: Hobbs, Wall & Co. ™" . enterprise
Per Columbia— Otis, McAllister A Co; Geo Mor
row to: FI. Moody: Allen A Lewis- F Kosh
land; Geo X Sheldon: M P Detels & Co- 0 J Liest
A Co; W O Price A Co; Blsslnger A Co: F H Clay
burg: Willamette Pulp and Paper Co; LFeldman*
-Marshall. Burns A Co; Bingharo * Co; California
Barren Co; JO Hawthorn: Everdlng A Farrell-
Wells, Far»o A Co; Do* Ice. Sweeney A Co: A P
Smith: M B Moragban ; MX A Wagner; Fogertv
A Park en: Moigan Oyster Co: Darbee* Immei-
Chas Carisen ■
Per Eureka— Pacific Metal Co: Dairymen's
Union; Norton, Teller A Co: Hills Bros: Hllmer.
Bredhoff A Schulz: Wilson * Baechtel ; E R Stev
ens A Co; Mack * Cos C W Pnrrington; Standard
Oil Co: Jesse N Levy; Ml'ler, Sloss A Scott; Clay
brouah A G; KJ Bo wen * Co; Samuel Bros* J
X Armsbv Co: Wrianger A Calineer: Dalton Bros;
Wood, Cards A Co: L Scatena A Co: H Dutard;
D X Allison A Co: Price Baking Powder Co: J P
Thomas; standard Biscuit Co; Garcia A Muggini-
J Ivancovlch A Co; A Levy A Co; A Paladlnl-
American Union Fish Co; J B Ingulla: .Sacra
mento Fish Co; Pacitlc Coast Fish Co: John Wle
land's Brewing Co: Bissinger*Co; HKirschman;
Enterprise Brewery; smith's Cash Store: Hawley
Mros Hardware Co; W B Stunner A Co: Witzei A
Baker; Wheaton, Breon A Co; Dunham, Carrigan
A Co; Arctic Oil Works; Thos Dennlgan, Son <ft
Co; Flinu A Tracy; Sinsheimor Bros: Jonas Er
lanxer; H Dutard; Milling Co: D de Bernardl
A Co; W B Sumner A Co: L D Stone: S Kruns
wick; M J P.randenstein A Co; Mar.-inn'l, Teegert
A Co; Smith's Cash Store; Wellman, Peck A Co:
Western Meat Co.
~^J^l OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. /\ DAYS TO
HAWAII. SAMOA, |Lk HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, f| it
AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. 8. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, October
15. at 2 p. m.
a. #. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. Oci ober 20, at 1 0 _. it Special party rates.
Line toCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
•': ■ J I). SFRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market su, San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPAJI
STEAMERB WILL SAIL FROM Art
Broadway waarf, San Francisco, at.-G-M_B
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Juneau, Kll-
llsoooaud SI tic a (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Sept. 11,36.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Two-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New W. atcom (Bellineham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
Kept. 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, 26, and every fifth day there
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
X., at Tat oma with N. P. R. It., at Seattle with U.
K. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For i.ureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bay) sir. Pomona 2 p. v., Sept. 2, 6, 10, 14,
18, 22, 16, 30. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. ml
Sept. 4. 8, 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), .-anta Barbara, Port Los An-
fel«.s, Redoodo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M. Sept. 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, Han Joie del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Ouaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. m. 26th of each month. •
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agenta,
10 Market St.. San Franclsoa
THEO. R. &N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:F»c>:FtT:i_-. A3>ff x>
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FARE(2« 2 Q FiMt i cla " X Including
X? IUXShXaa Second-class /berth A meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia ............Sept. 15, 25, Oct. 5, 15
State of California. ...bept. 20, 80, Oct. 10, 20
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Bates and folders upon applca-
F. F. CONNOR. Gene-al Agent.
• OOODAXL. PERKINS A CO 3 , 0 8up r e r?ntenrent.
COHPAGNIE GEBERAL TRAUSATLASTIQUE
French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIER(NEW), 42 NORTH _A_a_.
\J Biver, foot of Morton st. Travelers by S-SsK
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New York 10 Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
n'rsi-clrss 16' ; second-class. $110.
LA BRETAGNE...... ... Oct. 3,7a.ic
LA CHaMPAGNE.. Oct. 10, 3 a m
LATOURAINE „ Oct. 17.6 a. x.
LA BOUR*OGNE Oct. 24 1 p »
LA GASCOGNE Oc L 3 I', 6 a." it
JO" For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
WHiTESTAR HUE.
United States and Royal Mail Steamer.
BBTWEI2I
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAlXiiNi* EVEKf "VViSKK.
r^ABIN.S6O AND UPWARD, ACCORD- 4MS__
\J lnit to steamer aud accommodations sWh9|
selected ; second cabin, $ .0 and *4 . 0 ; Majf,.ia
»n i Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and - Denmark
through to ban Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans ' may - be procured
. from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at th«
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. U. VV. FLETCHER.
- v. ■.!•- ■■ i ; Ueneral Agent for Pacific Coast.
ROYAL HAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS . LEAVE ASPINWALL nja_
fortnightly for the West Indies and ■%&%*?
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills lof I lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mail 8. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
I Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195- third
class, *97 60, For further particulars apply to
Parrott & CO., Agents. -
- HOC «'ul'ff>rniai»t.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave PlerNo. 3, Washington St.
At « P. M. D > 3* *•*«£• received 5p
M" Accommodatioiis Reserved by Telephone.
Roadf orerghr0 rerghr m * i ' U »-"««»«» ratCS On VIUI
— STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker, J. d, T> t A ..
Mary Uarratt, \ city of ltockto«
Telephone Matq SOS^Jgai. Nay. and Irn^u <?.
SAIiRAMSCOTOYALLEJO -
AND MARE ISLAND NAVY YARI3
'.'••- BTKAMKR 'MONTItKUO" -^
Mlshion-stree Pier 2. Telephone 261 B act £
Leaves San Francis o Dally.. . 10-30 a w
Leaves Vallejo l>aily 400 *
sunilavs l rluiied "' "P.M.
Gives four hours at Navy Yard. '
! - HATCH BROS.
60c; to Ban Jose. 7 jr. £la' at £° an ? AIvlso «
6aUtaCl«rasus»OJoae, " •«■•*»«.!. 20Interesting News Items From Alameda County.
All the Legislative Candidates Nominated by the Alameda County Republican Convention, "With the
Exception of the Interior Assemblyman, James Clark of Niles.
ALL SATISFIED
WITH THE TICKET
Some Independent Candi
dates Will Also Be in
the Race.
PROSPECTS OF HARMONY
The Enquirer and the Tribune
Unite in Indorsing the
Nominees.
JUDGE WOOD IN DOUBT.
Tbe New County Committee 1
Meet and Organize Next Sat
urday Afternoon.
Oakland Office Saw Fbahcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 22. )
The Republicans at large are generally
satisfied with yesterday's nominations.
For some months it has been apparent
that if the two factions that have been
quarreling for so long were to come to
gether Eome concessions must be made on
both sides. The concessions were made
and there is more harmony in the party
to-day than there has been for two years.
There will be several independent can
didates, bat in view of the general popu
larity of the regular nominees, it is not
thought the independent candidates will
be accorded much support. W. S. Pelouze
in the Fifth District and D. C. Brown in
the Fourth will run alone. Hiram Bailey
of Livermore has no intention of trying to
succeed himßelf.
Police Judge Wood will have to run in
dependent if his office be declaied a two
year position. A nomination was made
for that office at yesterday's convention
and Wood will contest the giving up of
his seat.
The Tribune and Enquirer, who are
hardly ever together on local issues,
although both stalwart Republican news
papers, unite in indorsing the ticket, and
this is the best evidence that the long fac
tional struggle is over.
The Tribune to-night said editorially:
The Republican convention yesterday met
under mony favorable conditions. A more de
sirable place could not have been selected
than the city of Alameda. The citizens had
provided the very best place for meeting, and
in their liberality had gone beyond all former
precedents in providing in advance sergeants
at-arms at their own cost. • • •
Ttie ticket nominated yesterday is worthy of
the support of ail Republicans, and it ought to
win the support of many who are outside the
party. • * •
The university and the institution for the
deaf and dumb and blind are objects of special
imerest to the Alameda delegation, although
these interests concern every member of the
Legislature. The nomination of members to
the lower house is also satisfactory. Several
of these nominees have had experience in that
body aud have made a good public record
there. They can all be counted upon for an
honorable and efficient public service.
on the whole it was a good day for tbo Re
publicans of Alameda County. There was
comparatively very little friction and a great
qeai of good work.
The Enquirer says:
The ticket nominated by the Republican
County aud District conventions yesterday is
a generally excellent one. with several spe
cially meritorious features. 8. P. Hall and
.Judge W. E- Greene make a strong judicial
ticket. Mr. Hall's nomination possesses that
iirst requisite of a convention selection— it waa
desired by the mass of voters in the party and
!>•• many "outside of it. Ever sine* it became
kiiown a year or more ago that he aspired to the
bench Mr. Hall's ntness to sit upon it has been
recognized, and none but complimentary
words have been heard for the ability, integ
rity and judicial temper of the candidate.
Judge Greene's qualities as » judge are well
known from his long service, and it is con- |
ceded by all that he is one of the strongest men 1
upon the bencn in tne Superior courts of the
hute.
A specially fit nomination is that of Fred
erick S. Stratton to be Btate Senator. He is a
lawyer, as seems to be necessary in all but a
few exceptional cases to the highest efficiency
as a legislator in this country of written con
stitutions and codified laws.
Upon the Assembly ticket there are several
excellent candidates, of whom the Enquirer
will speak particularly on future occasions
Congratulations ought to be generally ex
tended for the excellent nominations to the
office of Supervisor— a position for which it is
usually difficult to get first-class men. Mr.
Jarvis, the nominee in the First District, is one
of the most popular and highly respected men
in Washington Township.
The same can be said of Charles Roeth in the
Fourth District and John Mitchell In the
Fifth. Not one of the three is a broken-down
politician or a failure in business who wants
a chance to repair his fortunes in the public
service. All three have made their own busi
ness successful, and, therefore, are likely to
make that of the public so. They are the best
Supervisor nominations made for a good
while.
The new County Committee will meet
next Saturday and organize. J. "W. Evans
and F. J. Fietter are mentioned for chair
man, as it is announced that Charles Mau
talen will not seek re-election.
ALL FOR SWEET CHARITY.
Big Garden Fete to Be Given
in Berkeley on
Saturday.
Entire Proceeds to Go to the Surgical
Ward of the Children's
Hospital.
BERKELEY. Cal., Sept. 22.— A1l Berk
eley is anticipating the big garden fete to
be held next Saturday afternoon at the
residence of Mrs. Ben Morgan, Charming
way and Piedmont avenue, for the benefit
of the surgical ward in the "Little Jim"
Hospital, San Francisco. Elaborate prepa
rations are under way and a hrilliant suc
cess is anticipated by the ladies in charge.
The fete will last from noon until 7
o'clock in the evening and will consist of
many dramatic, musical and literary
fentures, besides carefully planned spec
tacular effects. Everything will be Ger
man. The beautiful foothill residence of
Mrs. Morgan will be transformed into a
bower of the fatherland, with Deutsch
land colors and Deutschland costumes,
Deutschland dances and Deutschland
music, Deutschland games and Deutsch
iand merrymaking. And the lunch that
will be served all afternoon will give ex
pression to all that is German.
The whole affair will be a reproduction,
with added specialties, of the fete which
was given two years ago in Berkeley for
the same cause and which yielded such a
j handsome return. At 2:30 the German
I play "Dornroschen" will be given by the
grammar pupils of Miss Head's school un
der the management of FrauJein Liedet.
Mrs. Elizabeth Davenport will be btage
manager.
A German fancy dance by the pupils of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1896.
the school will be a feature of the after
noon.
Music will be rendered by a quartet of
the University Glee Club, by the U. C.
Mandolin Club, the Withrow Quartet,
the Alameda Zitber Club, and others.
The Withrow Quartet consists of Mrs.
John Sibley. Mrs. Charles Dickman, Miss
Olive Reed, Miss Shepherd. The players
of the Alameda Zither Club are Miss Bes
sie Wall', Mrs. Frank Beatty, Miss Florence
Fletcher and the Messrs. Hus. A German
tenor solo will be given by Herr Anton
Schott, Miss Lena Harm will play a violin
solo and John Howsinan will give a reci
tation In dialect.
In the garden will be the usual features
of an out-door fete — a grab-bag, hob
goblin cave with "witches" to tell fortunes
of visitors. The grab-bae will be in charge
of Mesdames Caldwell, Paget and Gale;
Mrs. F. M. Wilson, Miss Emma Deane and
Mrs. H. I. Coone will attend to the wheel
of fortune; the German cafe will be under
the management of Mrs. Theodore Wag
ner; Mrs. G. W. Fletcher and Miss Robin
son will serve visitors at the candy booth,
while other refreshments will be provided
by Mr?. Theodore Wagner, Mrs. A. C. Law
son, Mrs. Fred Russ, Mrs. William Tay
lor, Mrs. yon Ettinger, Mrs. Daniel
Christy, Mrs. Jessie Wail, Mrs. J. C.
Wilder and Miss Fannie Bonte. The
ladies named are desirous of receiving
contributions for the luncheon. Decora
tions will be arranged by a committee con
sisting of Mrs. Plehn, Mrs. Powers, Mrs.
Sleeth and Mrs. Redford. :
» ♦ — « i
THE OPENING GAME.
St. Mary's and Santa Itosa to Meet
on the Gridiron
Saturday.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 22.— The inter
collegiate football season will open next
Saturday, September 26, at Central Park.
The elevens that will meet on the gridiron
are from St. Mary's College and the Santa
Rosa High School. Both teams have been
practicing with great vigor during the
past few weeks, so the lovers of football I
can look forth for one of the most deter- |
mined and interesting games of the season. I
The Santa Rosa team, under the guid
ance of Fletcher Gaddis, contains excel
lent material and they are th* strongest
team in their region. The college boys
will put forth a strong teßm and are prac
ticing faithfully In the expectation of a
hard game. The St. Mary's boys will
probably line up as follows: Center, Mor-
Some of the Leading Participants
in the Dance to Be Given at
the Garden Fete.
eel; right guard, Brady; left guard, Mc-
Guire; right tackle, Cone or Butler; left
tackle, Haslinss; right end, Hayv/ards or
Arruigo; left end, Mahoney or Flood;
quarter, Holmes; right half, Mogan; left
half, Batligan; fullback, McCartney.
Board of Trade.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 22.— The Board
of Trade met thin morning and transacted
much routine business. The secretary
was requested to write to the Merchants'
Exchange of Oakland, asking them to
unite with this board In arranging to make
a permanent exhibit of the products and
manufactures of Alameda County.
A communication was resd from each of
the following San Francisco daily papers
regardine the disposiMon of Oakland news
in the regular editions: Bulletin, Even
i ing Post, The Call, the Chronicle and tb«
I Examiner.
The president appointed the following
auditing aud finance committee: H. O.
Trowbndge, C. R. Root aad Jl. J. Mac-
Mullen.
TWO CHILDREN'S
FATE IN DOUBT
Their Dead Father Was
Manager of the Bella
Union.
WITH A COLORED NURSE
The Mother Procures a Writ
and Demands That They Be
Taken to Her.
RICH FRIENDS INTERVENE.
Do Not Wish the Youngsters to Live
With an Actress Who Smokes
Cigarettes.
Oaelakd Office, San Feakcisco Call,)
908 Broadway. Sept. 22. J
Mrs. Rogers, a colored woman, residinj
at 2035 Chestnut street, has been serve*
with a writ of habeas corpus, issued a
Bakersfield, demanding that she imme
diately bring two children in her posses
sion to the above place and deliver then
to their mother, Mre. Nestelle, who claim
that she is there in the capacity of house
keeper for a deputy constable named Johi
Conlan.
Mrs. Rogers has acted as foster-mothe
to the children mentioned almost all thei
lives. The writ requires her to bring then
to Bakersneld without further notice, am
she says she has no money to pay travel
ing expenses, which would amount to %3t
or $40. In her dilemma she yesterday
called upon Mrs. Prescott, secretary of th<
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty t<
Children, to inquire if she must obey thi
summons when she had no means to pa:
her way or the children's to Bakersfield
Mrs. Prescott considered that she couh
not be compelled to walk to BakersheU
under the circumstances, nor was it thi
doty of the society to pay the expense.
Mrs. Rogers was then directed to Judgi
Gibson, who relieved the distresset
woman's mind on the point.
Mr. and Mrs. Raymond Pierson of San
Francisco, relatives of the Nestelle chil
dren on thei.* father's side, rusted over to
Oakland, having heard that Mrs. Nestelle
I was trying to remove the children from
the care of Mrs. Rogers, where their dying
father had requested that they should re
main. This arrangement has heretofore
not been opposed by their mother, who
has one child with her, a boy 11 years of
age.
The Piersons came to «nter a protest
against Mrs. Nestelle being allowed to
taKe the children, claiming that she is not
a proper custodian for young children.
They informed Mrs. Prescott that she was
an actress in San Francisco and a person
who smokes cigarette*. Mrs. Rogers also
corroborated ttie Piersons' story.
The Piersons were very desirous that
the children be allowed to remain with
Mrs. Rogers, who has raised them care
fully.
The father of the children has been
dead about eighteen months and the
mother has contributed but very little
toward their support.
Just how the matter will be settled will
probabiy be in the courts, for Mrs. Rogeis,
the Piersons and friends of Mr. Nestelle
are determined that the mother shall not
have the children. She has suddenly de
veloped an interest in them and will go
to law to obtain them if possible. At any
rate there will be a fight over the children,
I who are remarkably beautiful in appear
-1 ance aud pretty in manners.
PIONEER CALLED.
I ..
denly Last Night.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 22.— The death
of Nelson W. Winton late last night at
Fabiola Hospital has cast a eloom over a
large circle of friends in this city. He
came from Camillis, near Syracuse, N. V.,
where he was born on September 23, 1829,
arriving in California in 1852 and settling
at Haywards. He went to Virginia City
later and was made Mayor. After awhile
he went to Santa Barbara ana later to San
Francisco. In September, 1892, he came
to Oakland, and has kept a real estate
business up to last June. Since then he
has been at his orange ranch at Ther
malito, Butte County, and was going
there to reside when taken ill here last
Wednesday. Besides a widow he leaves a
widowed daughter, Mrs. Grace Waith
man, of Haywards, who has three chil
dren. He was an *lder of the First Pres
byterian Church, where the funeral will
be held Thursday.
CANDID ATE WANTED.
Democrats Unable to Secure m Sena
torial Aspirant.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 22.— The new
Demooratic County Central Committee
met last night and organized by selecting
Con Brosnahan of the Sixth Ward as
chairman and Leo Parks of Alameda aa
secretary.
The matter of selecting some one as a
candidate in the Twenty-seventh Sena
torial District to run against F. S. Strat
ton, the Republican nominee, on the
fusion ticket received some attention, but
nothing was done. Another effort is to be
mnde to get Henry C. McPike to consent
to run, although he declined Saturday at
the convention.
•—• — ♦ — •• — 1
THE TAX LEVY.
Finally Fixed by the Supervisor* In all
District)).
OAKLAND, Cal., SeDt. 22.— The Board
of Supervisors have fixed the tax levy for
State and county purposes for the fiscal
year of 1896-97 as follows:
State revenue fund (0.429
County general fund 1.. .'.".'.'.. 0.80
Con nty infirmary fund. 0.071
County school fund ."...'.*.'.'.'.".".. 0.17
Total. $0.97
A road tax of 33 cents was levied on all
proDerty outside of incorporated towns.
The special school tax for redemption of
bonds and payment of interest was levied
in the several districts as follows:
Bay School District— l 7 cents, one bond to
be redeemed; Ehnhurst 50 cenu, three bonds
to be redeemed; Fruitrale, 14 cents, two bonds
to be redeemed; Lorin, 21 cenu, three bonds
to be redeemed ; Newark, 14 cents, one bond to
be redeemed; Xiles, 15 cents, seven bonds to be
redeemed; Piedmont, 22 cents, two bonds to
be redeemed; Pleasanton, 22 cents, two bonds
to be redeemed: Union, 24 cents, one bond to
be redeemed; valley Vista, 18 cents, one bond
to be redeemed; Warm Springs, 12 cents, aix
bonds to be redeemed.
High School District— Berkeley, 34 cents for
the purchase of land and building schools;
Union No. 1, 10 cents; Union No. 2, 10 centi;
Union No. 3, 15 cents.
STREET OPENINGS.
Council Receives Deeds for a Number
From the Bailroad.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Sept 22.— The City
Attorney to-day received from the South
ern Pacific Company the deeds to rights
| of way acrosß the lines of that corporation
j for ten streets on the western shore line,
i extending from Lincoln or Eleventh street
| northward to Twenty-sixth, and Market
! street on the south shore line.
This action was caused by a conference
I between the railroad officials and the City
j Council held recently whereby the latter
1 agreed not to press the opening of streets
throuch the freight yards of the former
on condition that the railroad consent to
j and give the right of way for the opening
I of a number of streets." This is a great
1 saving to taxpayers in the district af
■ fected, as it costs $300 for each btreet open
: ing, besides the land awards. This is now
; saved.
HOLES IN THE BRIDGE.
The Government Steel Draw
Across the Canal a Source
of Danger.
Pioneer Miller, a Retired Capitalist,
Dies at Four Score
Years.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 22.— While the
engineers are fighting over the comple
tion of the tidal canal the work already
done is rotting away. On the southerly
end of the new steel drawbridge the floor
ing has given away, leaving a large hole
which is only protected by a log plank in
it as a danger signal. A« much travel
crosses this bridge at night there is dan
ger of a serious accident, unless proper
action is taken to repair it. Other places
in the flooring are also beginning to break.
A Capitalist's Death.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 22. — Death
claimed another of Alameda'a pioneer cit
izens last night in the person of a. T. L.
Miller, a retired capitalist, who came here
twenty-one years ago. He came to this
country from Germany in 1848, when he
was 31 years of age, and came to California
four years later. He leaves a daughter,
Miss Annie L. Miller, and three sons, W.
A. L., A. H. and Charles Miller.
The funeral will be held to-morrow
niornine at tne residence, on Santa Clara
avenue and McPherson street, after which
the remains will be cremated and interred
privately in the Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
San Francisco.
The Nicaragua Canal.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 22.— D. J. Sulli
van, the City Superintendent of Schools,
has arranged to nave Hugh Craig, presi
dent of the Ban Francisco Chamber of
Commerce and Half-Million Club, speak
to the children on the Nicaragua canal
project. The eighth, ninth and High
School grades, teachers, parents and
friends will be admitted to Limlerman's
Opera-house free, Thursday evening of
this week, to listen to Mr. Craig upon this
theme.
Native Sons to Celebrate.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 22-.— Great prep
arations are being made for the twelfth
anniversary of Alameda Parlor No. 47, N.
S. G. W. It will celebrate with a grand
ball on Thanksgiving evening. The par
lor has Belecietl Messrs. Harry T.-ansue,
Max Gundlacb, John Sansom, Ed Owen
and J. Flynn to make the necessary ar
rangements.
Examination Continued.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 22.— The case
of Ah Lim, charged by Ah Tim with as
sault to murder, was set for examination
to-day before Justice Morris, but it, was
continued until Monday next, as a wit
ness was unavoidably absent.
TEN THOUSAND MILES
Traveled by the State I'-ureau of High
way Commissioners Before They
Reached Oakland.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 22.— The Board
of Supervisors were visited to-day by
members of the State Bureau of Highway
Commissioners in their official capacity
on a trip from Oregon to San Diego. The
party consisted of Messrs. Marsden Man
son, J. L. Maude and their secretary, E.
Myron Wolfe. They have already covered
lO.Otf) miles of the highways of the State
on this trip.
Mr. Manson divided the roads into three
classes — main, county and neighbohood —
and said the State only recognized the
county road. Each should have aid in
proportion to ths travel it accommodated,
he thought. He favors a general revision
of the State laws, so that roads could be
laid out in accordance with the topography
of the country and the levying of a gen
eral tax for their maintenance.
TIES WITH THE COUNCIL.
Board of Education Cannot Force the
Tax Levy.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 22.— City Attor
ney Pieraol, at the request of the Board of
Education, has looked up the law as to
wbetner or not the Council was compelled
to grant to that department as much
money as they deemed necessary to run
the same, it having been contended by
some that such was the case.
The opinion rendered holds that the
Council has discretionary power as regards
the amount of the tax levy that they shall
set aside for the School Department.
While the board is absolute in fixing
salaries of teachers the Council is the final
body in fixing the amount of money that
shall go there from the city tax.
Performance by Students.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 22.— The min
strel and vaudeville show given this
evening in Shattuck Hall for the benefit
of the university track team was one of
Auction §al&
M. HARCUSE, AMTIOMR, OAKLAND.
BICYCLE AUCTION SALE of 50 wheels. '96
model. WEDNESDAY, September 23, 1896, at 3
o'clock r. M., at salesroom, 918 BROADWAY,
Oakland. Entirely new Its96'B.- "March Bare,"
"March Daisy," ••Westminster, 1 ' "Victor," etc.,
etc Sale without reserve. Terms cash.- M.
MARCUSK. Auctioneer. . " .
the bipgest affairs of the Kind ever got
up by students of Berkeley. Over seventy
took part in the rendition of the pro
gramme, Which began with a minstrel
performance, Cathcart, Davenport and the
Messrs. Rosborough being end mon, and
A. S. Rhorer inierlocntor. The minstrels
were Durant, C. A. Elston, Russell, Wil
bur, Knight, C. Smith, Beldin-, J. A.
Elstoa. Anderson, Thomas, Morse, Wede
nieyer, Iloag, Bianchard, Cornwall, S.
Kltton, Blake, Starr, Carr, Argall, Stadi
muller, W. Smith, C. Baldwin.
The U. C. Banjo Club made its debut,
and was received with loud applai^e, its
numbers, played with ten banjos and i\s.
guitar.*, being rendered willi splendid
effect.
The players .were as follows: First
banjos— C/R. Morse. E. L. Sadler, E. H.
Birdsall, H. Burr, F. Phelps, George Lou
derbach; second banjos — F. S. Knight, F.
L. Arpall, J. Hamilton, F. Thomas; gui
tars—Otto Wedemeyer, H. Beldinsr, E. H.
Hoag, T. A., bmith, C. A. Klston, F.
Blanchar.l, J. W. Ely.
After the minstrel performance there
was a lenpthy and elaborate vaudeville
programme, followed by a short comedy
entitled "The Trials of a Fre3hman."
The attendance was good and the vari
ous numbers were liberally applauded.
Fire Company May Disband.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 22.— The Co
lumbia Fire Company of East Berkeley
may disband in the near future owing to
dissensions arising out of the recent tight
over the appointment of a fire chief.
The Columbia Company has not turned
out lo several alarms recently, and no lit
tle uneasiness has been aroused at the
lack of protection at Berkeley station.
Military Appointments.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 22.—Lieu
tenant Winn of the military department
of the university has made the following
appointments: Corporals, Company A —
E. C. Swan, C. M. Warner, B. E. Hooper,
W. Dubrow, R. B. Lloyd, T. W. McPber
son. Corporals, Company G— i. J. Kline,
G. Van Shaiclc; to be principal musi
cians—R. E. Easioti. A. B.'Auderson.
Brief News Item*.
The freshman-sophomore baseball game will
be plared on the campus at 3:3o' o'clock to
morrow if the weather permits.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 22.— Free-silverites
will hold a meeting in Pythian Hali to-morrow
night, at which General Wagner will deliver
an address.
The Board of Education last night adopted
plans aad decided to call for bids for a two
room primary-school building on the Le Conte
school lot in South Berkeley, to cost from $900
to $1100.
Charles Brook, a pioneer of Berkeley, died
yesterday at his residence, 2000 Virginia
street. Mr. Brook had resided in the uni
versity town for about eighteen years. The
funeral will take place to-morrow aiteruoon at
2:30 o'clock from the deceaseds late resi
dence.
NEW MASONIC CATHEDRAL
Dedicated With a Grand Cere
mony by Scottish Rite
Masons
Du'.y Opened in the Presence of a
Great Attendance of Distinguished
Members of the Craft.
Oakland Office Pan Fkancisco Call, I
903 Broadway, Sept. 22. \
The Oakland bodies of the A. and A.,
Scottish Rite of Free Masonry, dedicated
their new Masonic cathedral last night with
fitting ceremony. The building ie the one
originally erected as a Jewish synagogue,
and used more recently by the Acme
Club. It is on Fourteenth street, between
Webster and Harrison, and has been
magnificently reritted and improved for
its new purposes.
The ceremonies were conducted by the
following officers:
Eminent Grand Commander of the Supreme
Grand Council Thomas H. Caswell, thirty
third degree; Grand Inspector-General of the
Supreme Grand Council W. FranK Pierce,
thirty-third degree; Venerable Master of Oak
land Lodge 01 Perfection No. 2 A. L. Ott,
thirty-second degree; Wise Master of Gethsem
ane Chapter Kose Croix Xo. 2 F. H. E. O'Don
uell, thirtieth degree; Orator G. B. Daniels,
thirtieth degree; 8. W. I). E. Fortin, thirty
second degree; J. W. John Williams, thirty
second degree; H. P. E. 11. Morgan, thlrty-sec
on-1 degree; Almoner D. W. Standeford, thirty
second degree; Treasurer George Patterson,
thirty-third degree; Secretary C. F. Burnham,
thirty-second degree; Sentinel C. E. Gillett,
thirt'y-thiril degree; M. of C. A. L. Smith,
thirtieth degree.
They were assisted by the following dis
tinguished brethren:
Henry A. Cline, thirty-third degree, P. V. G.
M. of the Grand Cousistoryof California; E. A.
Sherman, thirty-third degree, P. G. M. of State
of the Grand Consistory of California; Webb
X. Pearoe, thirty-second degree, grand pre
ceptor of the Grand Consistory of California;
Charles A. Wagoner, thirty-second degree,
Krand constable of the Grand Consistory of
California; William S. Moses, thirty-second
degree, grand cross of the Grand Consistory
of Caliioruia; Henry Burner, thirty-second
degree, V. M. Yerba Buena Lodge of Perfec
tion No. 1; F. G. B. Moebus, thirty-second de
gree.
There was the presentation of the key,
its acceptance, consecration of the build
ing, sprinkling building with water, oil,
wine, wheat and salt, mingled with chants,
prayers, music, etc, afier which came ttie
benediction.
Following the ceremony a most enjoy
able time was had at the banquet table,
where speeches were indulged in until a
laiehour.
Wants the Fee.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 22.— Dr. F. H.
Payne bus filed an affidavit and bond upon
ati application for the arre«t of Jane D.
Brochier to secure fees of $40 and assigned
claims to the amount of $265 for medical
services. The order for arrest was issued
upon the filing of a bond of $500. It was
claimed that the defendant was on the
verge of leaving for France.
Committee Named.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 22.— Judge J. M.
Haven, as chairman of the Fourth Super
visorial District convention, in which
Charles Roeth was nominated, has named
the following committee in accordance
with the purity of election law: Messrs.
H. O. Trowbriage, A. M. lienham, George
Roeth, L. G. Burhee and D. C. Hinadaie.
Lying in State.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept. 22.— The remains
of Dr. E. li. Purdee were taken to the Ma
sonic Temple to-day, where they will lie in
state until the funeral on Thursday after
noon at 2 o'clock. The service will be
conducted by the Masonic fraternity.
CORBETT CONSENTS.
Telegraphed Manager Groom to Put
Up Money and He Will
Fight.'
It was reported yesterday that the
Eureka Athletic Club had secured the
Corbett and Sharkey figbt, but.it will be
seen by the following dispatch from New
York from Corbett to J. J. Groom yester
day that the report was incorrect. ■ The
dispatch to Groom reads:
Put up $10,000 for ten rounds with Andy
Lawrence and I will start at once for Frisco.
We get money if you fail to pull fight off. Am
not -doing business ; with any ' other club.
; Answer to Asbury Park.
Groom, when seen yesterday, said that
' MAGMFICEiYT OPPORTUMTY
.a. T tj c t i o :rxr:
Wednesday and Thursday, September
23 and 24, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. x., at the Residence or .
C. W. MOORE, M.D.,
1400 Van Ness Are., Cor. Bush St.,
' WE WILL SELL
The Very Elegant Furniture and Library
coNsiSTrxa or ...■■
Office Furniture, covered in leather; Bookcases.
Desk, .Lounges, Parlor Carpets, Cabinets, Tables,
Turkish Chairs, Grand Pictures,- One Magnificent
Steinway & sons' Piano, Rare Ornaments, Hand-
some Upholstery Goods, Massive Bedroom Suit*,
Double- Door Wardrobe with French Plate Mirrors,
Dlnins-room and Kitchen Goods, Carpets, Mat-
tresses, Bedding. Pillows.
One Tool Chest, with » most Complete Outfit of
Tools: 1 Work Bench: 1 Shooting Outfit, cost
•T:t5U; Fishing roles and Outfit, etc.
Thursday, at 11 o'clock a. m.,
• ....WR WILL SELL....
On.- of the Most Complete Medical 1.1-
-braries In the Country, by Catalogue.
INDIAN A- AUCTION* COMPANY,
1057 Market St., opposl c Jon^s.
the National Club would certainly secure
the contest and that he bad just mailed a
letter to Corbett stating that he would de
posit the amount of money asked lor in
the keeping of any person or firm that
Andy Lawrence may appoint.
The managers of the Eureka Club con
tend that • Corbett is playing an in-and
out game, and if they cannot got the Cor
bett and Sharkcy match that they will se
cure one equally as good, as they have a
permit which entitles them to hold a ten
ronnd contest in this City. -■
> Some of the prominent sporting men of
this City do not hesitate to say that the
issuance of licenses to many alleged
clubs will certainly kill the sport in this
town, as it cannot stand more than two
professional boxing clubs.
Groom is of the opinion that Corbett,
who telegraphed from New York, may
share the same late as Pitzsimmons, who
was arrested recently for having signed
an agreement to right the champion, but
as Corbett states in his message that an
answer must be sent to Asbury Park it is
presumed that he does not anticipate any
trouble in New York from the policy
authorities.
Sharkey and his manager, Lynch, seem
to be perfectly satisfied to agre£ to any
arrangements Corbett may make with the
National Club.
♦ » 1 «
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
LICK HOUSE.
P J Powers, Cal T B Kay, Salem, Or
Mrs Hanks, Portlnd D Brown Jr, Fresno
V A Allison, Los Anceles Mrs L T Hat field, SactO
V L Hatfield, Sacto Mrs H C Kirk, Sacto
Miss Kirk, SactO " • C Kelly <fe w, Sacto
-N Del banco. Portland X 1) Uoodrlch, NY
X Kobertson.ParaU j T Malett<>, Rochester
G D Lunt, Chicago • BF Wright, Monterey
Airs HTKnumann, Santa Miss M Peterson, S Rosa
; Rosa a L Moncure. Palermo
T J Duffy, San Rafael Mrs C a Smith. Portland
J D Oliver, Merred r e> Sullivan. Auburn
T S Ward, Petaluma W 8 Powell & w. Eureka
F s Mackintosh, Whtcm W C spanglerA w, Chic©
II Lee A w, Seattle C Keller. Seattle
C B Merrill. Seattle R H Wade <& son.St Paul
F C La Duke, 11M8 • F Martin & w, Antioch
Mrs J Williams, Mill Val T J lliggin% Los Angeles
W M George.Loa Angeles Mas C C Hanson, Sacto
H T Wilson, Charleston J<; Taylor, Seattle
C Kern, Seattle J Rocks, Seattle
Z V Peters, Troy, NY HE Kddy &w, L Anrles
C Potter & w, L Angeles J Aruold & w, Pprngfleld
C 11 Turner Boston G Russ, St Louis
RUS9 HOUSE.
J T Douglas. Angels Cmp D Hawks. Trinity
8 C Sherwood. Berkeley W Hill, Grigsley
8 M Saiazar, San Jose J P Fried, Oregon
W a Lewis & w, btocKin C X Scott, Oregon
A J Smith; Alaska - D Simons & d. Eureka
G Griffith, Placer county A yon Wormer, X York
J L IS'eef & w, Healdgbg R O'Neal, Inyo "ounty
S Mobns, New York A Aaron, The i ;eules
H G 'Hays, lowa A McOuire. Te^ as
M B Miller, Pasadena J X Weatherford.Oregou
J H Martin,' Woodland J Probt Jr, Clondmans
IS A C'hadbourn itw.Suisn T L Woodbury, Tahlta
J E Katbbun<£w,\VJllims J Blacß, Bough <£ Ready
W Humphrey, Stockton C J Larson, Tahlta
F Riley, Han Luis Oblspo J H JMll.er, Oregon
W Hanke &w, Fresno * Mrs J Johns, Grass Vail
J is Macnamara, liemdsg X J Park, X York Cltv
W J Kstees, Brentwood W Roberts «fc wf, Cal "
8 R Mackay, Williams S C Story, Santa Rosa '
J O Gill, Sacramento ' B X White & fy, Mont
s McPhetera, Salt Lake X G Swing, NJ
IS s Monroe. Oakland JGVanderpole.Alvarado
J Reynolds, Fresno C T Columbet. Cal "
X G Ullmore, Tacoma G L Maddox, Sacramnto
W Kmertcic, Albany, Or H A France, Port Costa
GRAND HOTEL.
J "W Woof, Coronado H C Donald, Konora
A Dixon, Michigan Bluff A Alwyn, Lewiston
(i A Deerlntr, Butte Mm J Bnckner, KnsClty
J E Keye3, New York Mrs IS Wlikins, Victoria
A Zuckerman. Bntte V 1 Willis, Selma
0 M Fox, Falrlleld A B Foster, Portland
Dr 0 M Freeman, butter Mrs Browning, San Jos*
CreeK . .v - W J Hughes, Oakdale
GJS McWilllams, Napa P A Donn.llson, Ireland
N B Kellosjc, West Point R Steen, Los Angeles
H T Hendricks, Hanford T P Shoot. <& w>, Chicago
X A Mcolaus, Sacto - M Abernatby, Oklahoma
H E Guthrie. Vicioria F J Kuthstaller, sacio
R V Cummlngs, Ft Brag P Conroy, Stockton •;
E Fritz & w, Watson vie A A Adair, Riverside
Mrs H Kngwlclit, S Jose Dr T Flint, San Juan
Mr* B Morris, San Jose Mrs Flint, San Juan
A a Gies3, Portland B Barnar, London
L M.McCabe, i os Angls C Mitchell, Stockton
ij Miller, Stockton C H Dold, Kansas City
(.'• I Davenport, Wash- . R Haivey, Victoria
C Richardson, Tacoma
PALACE HOTJBL.
J Mill man, NY ' H H Pitcher, Livermor*
F- E Clark, NY ' Mr and Mrs Heliyer, N V
Mil FK Clark, Chicago F H Short, Fresno .
Mrs A > Wiiartenby, Pa V O Robinson, Pa •
< r-< V Q Robinson. Pa W Kreuscb, Germany
M LichtenfeMer, Paris Baron de Batz, Paris
Baron HHarmond, Paris R ohewan, Hongkong
W i rich ton, Japan Mrs N H Freeman, China
W W Bissn.yer, CSS G J Clark, .NY
E Morris, Yokohama , Mrs E, Morris, Japan ■
Miss Morris, Yokohama W Morris, Yokohama
M Stadnexe, Yokohama M 8 Nesevander, Japan
J Irwin Jr. C S X CH Jordan. Stanford -
H H Wheelana & w, NY J H Ferguson & w, N r V
Ci C Urzenhart &w, Pa C H Hunter, N V
F C Lusk. C'bico W G Kerchoff •& w, Cal
■M i s P Cook, Rio Vista « L Proctor, Cal
w M Peck, Riverside R E Jack, San Luis Obl«
Mrs J B Marion, Oakland .
, BALDWIN, HOTEL.
J Mowlar, Little Valley L Plencbar <fe w, St Paul
G Brownlee, Los Ang S Mlgleavaceo. Napa .
L O Walz, Healdsburg -R Benjamin, \fallejo
H P Sonntasr.San Rafael E E Thomas, San Jos*
,\V R Clark, Stockton . ■ Mrs C Williams, Carson
H Collins, Carlln . J Met. lain, Fresno
T B Duncan, Los Ang - F Morgan, New Orleans
d a Morris. N«w Orleans T H Miller, Chicago
Miss Johnson, Louisville F Dillon, £1 Paso
R Jennings, Pasadena , Mrs Gorman, Los Ang
ATEW TO-DAT.
~ "liDPniiJtiiT
HnbUNAUi
|Jjjj! WHISKEY
IrWoof
Before
||mpfSs2| Bottling.,
HJitiii PRQ> *" Te " >s I'JIJM "■' I fill I 111
iliS^ ' : H 411 Market St
Bifes^SilSSaFi^rfrHP' San i'ranclijco.
'/T^k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
m^M^ J25 , 1 ?, EAKNV * T - Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<>2">KEABSiTM. Established
In IN3* lor the treatment of Private
JwLjykf-KS, Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
'^ffißa 8» idlseasewearlngronbodyandmlndand
•CnWP Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhpii
O^ggx'SK othersfall. Try him. Charges low
• rurrtnarantprd. CallorWrlte!
Sir. 4, r. Box lUaT.yaai'raucUoi:
1112
VIRGINIA FAIR
TELLS HER STORY
She Has Not as Good a
Memory as Her
Sister.
SIGNED THAT PETITION
New Dresses in Evidence Dur
ing the Taking of the
Deposition.
THEY CAN'T GET AWAY.
Want to Go Back to Gotham, bat
Restrained by Sub
penas.
Mrs. Oelricbs and her sister, Virginia
Fair, were much more at ease in Notary
Phillips' office yesterday morning than
they had been the looming or the after
noon before. They were deserted by all
tne lawyers except the faithful Reuben
Lloyd and Ilussell Wilson, and the latter
complained of the pleasant footing upon
which the ladies appeared to be with
Lansing Mizner, one of the counsel for
M r>. Craven. At this the ladies were
greatly amused.
They appeared in the morning dressed
in an entirely different toilette tuan that
in which they appeared the day before,
and they appeared in the afternoon ar
rayed entirely differently than they ap
peared in the morning.
Mr. Delmas, called to San Jose, was not
present. Mr. Britton appeared for him
and finished the deposition of Mrs. Oel
richs, and took up and concluded the
deposition of Virginia Fair.
Mrs. Oelrichs was asked during the
morning session it she knew of a contract
under whicn the Fair estate was to pay
Mi>. Nettie Craven $500,000 for her inter
est in the estate.
She declined to state, but in the after
noon she essayed to answer by saying
thrt she did not remember.
During tbe taking of the depositions of
Virginia Fair, Charles Fair came in and
tooit a seat, smiled upon by both his sis
ters.
The deposition of Virginia *'air, con
ducted by Mr. Britton, ran as follows:
"James G. Fair," said the witness, "was
my lather; I was Lorn in San Francisco;
I went to school in this City; my resi
dence is at 453 Fifth avenue. New Yor* ; I
siiw my father alive for the last time in
the latter part of November, 1894, at the
Lick House; I had been visiting nim for
some six weeks; I was in New Ycrt when
1 heard of my father's death; 1 came here
immediately, arriving on the 3d of Janu
ary, 1895."
"Did you, while in this City, see a docu
ment, written In pencil and dated Sep
tember 24. 1894, purporting to be the last
will of your deceased father?"
"I saw such a document in Mr. Lloyd's
office on the sth oi March, 1895. Mr. Lloyd,
Mr. Wheeler, R.chara V. Dey, Ru.-seli
Wilton, my sister and her husband were
present. The will was lying on tbe table,
and I was a»ked to look at it by Mr.
Lloyd, I think. I have never seen the
will since. My brother was not present; I
never saw the document at any time
when my brother was present"
"Did you ever sign a petition asking for
the probate of that will of September 24
as being the genuine will of your de
ceased father?"
"I did."
"Can you tell me why you signed it?"
"Because I thought it was the will of
my fattier; that it was in the handwriting
of my f;U:.er."
"Who signed it wilh you?"
"My sister."
"Do you know whether or not your
brother signed it?"
"I do not."
"Did anybody advise you to sign it?"
"I signed it because I thought it was
the will and not on anybody's advice. I
don't remember any advice. I think I
consulted with my sister, x was told that
two persons saw the will written. 1 don't
remember who told me. :>
'Did you ever hear of the existence of a
paper signed by various people attesting
tot c genuineness of that will?"
"Ye*, sir."
"Who told you about it?"
"I remember two persons — Mr. Neale
and — "
Tbe witness in answer to questions was
going forward to testify further about this
paper when It*". Lloyd interrupted, raying
that there never was such a paper in
existence.
"We are rot taking yocr deposition,
Mr. Lloyd, although we have tried to have
you consent to make one," said Mr. Brit
ton. "You will please allow the witness
to tell what she knows."
"But she doesn't know that, for there
never was such a paper. The lady misun
derstands the reference in the question."
Britton asked the reporter to read the
question again, and when he did so Miss
Fair said she was in error — that she
thought she was asked about the will.
Brition then went back to the matter of
the petition for probate.
"Do you know that your brother ever
signed the petition for the probate of the
will of the 24th?"
■ "I was told so; I don't remember who
told me."
"You were not here during the contest
of Herman Oelrichs Jr?"
"No; 1 heard about it though."
"When you signed that petition for the
probate o. the will of the 24th of Septem
ber you were positive it was the last will
of your deceased • lather and written by
himself?" y
"I was." .
Britton read the strong language of the
petition, in which it was flatly asserted
that this— the will of the 24th— was the
last will and testament of James G. Fair,
wholly written and signed by himself, and
as such the petitioners desired that it be
probated. He asked her if that repre
sented her judgment upon the will at that
time. She said that it did. Lloyd made
some objection to this form of catechising,
as the petition spoke for itself, but he
finally withdrew the objection.
"During your visit in 1894 how long was
it before your departure that you last saw
your father?"
"1 saw him the day I left."
"Did you not send him what is known
as a P. P. C. card?"
"I don't remember."
"You saw him personally, did you?"
"Certainly." -
"How often did you exchange letters
with your father when in New York?"
"About once a week."
Mr. Britton having finished, Mr. Lloyd
asked the witness if she had not received a
letter irom her father a few days after his
death. She said that she hud not but had
received a letter two days before his death.
The talcing of the deposition of Mrs.
Craven was fixed for this morning, with
the understanding that it couwt be post
poned from day to day if the lady was not
physically able.
Mrs. Oelrichs and Miss Fair were to
have left for New York this afternoon,
but the summons rcQuixins their deposi
tion in the Craven ejectment suits next
Monday will not permit of their leaving.
• m *
Bought a Lodging-Holla*)
Mrs. G. Mallett swore to a complaint In
Judge Low's court yesterday for the arrest ot
John and Emma Vreenhacch on the charge of
obtaining money by false pretenses. She al
leges tnat she paid them $700 on September
16 for the good will and furniture in the lodg
ing-house 207 Post street and found that the
furniture did not belong to them.
TEE STOCK MARKET.
There *h another decline yesterday and the
leading stocks dropped off several cents under the
usual light business. At tlie close, however, the
market was steadier.
The North Banner Consolidated Tunnel Com
pany of .'Nevada county lias levied an assessment
of a cents per share, delinquent October 19.
The cW'an-up of the Alaska-Treadwell mine for
July shown the following resu ta: Bullion ship
ments. $76,283 ore milled, 20,613 tons; sulphur
ets treated, 886 tons; Of bullion there came from
sulphurets. 922.889: the working expenses for the
month amounted to $ 2?, 563. The average yield
wins $3 72 per ton of ore milled.
Aaaeaamenta i'endlne.
Following is a list of assessments now pending:
Com pa st.
I Delimit
Na Ann. In the Sale Day.
Board.
Confidence 27
Alpha Con 17
Belcher.... 53
Sierra Nevada. 11l
Bullion 48
Crown Point 68
Union... 63
Sould 4 Carry 70
Occidental 24
Dphlr 67
Mia 53
Utah 23
Yellow Jacket- 61
SO.au,- 3U .iS^pt
10|Sept 8 .Hept
SMSept 6 .Oct
25 Sept 7 .Oct
10 Sept 14 .Oct
•20 Sept 18 .Oct
SU|Sept2s .Oct
lftoct a .oct
10 OCt 3 . Oct
25 Oct b Oct
10 OCt b.Xov
06 Oct ll.Nov
25|Oct 12 .Nor
•24
'it
M
M
I
li
2i
•11
'-'£
St
i
I
M
r.oAKu SAI.K.S.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
stock Hoard yesterday:
KEQULAB MORNINO SESSION. COMITKNerNG 9:30.
200 Coaling. .41 300 O AC 50 200 Occldtl-..46
300 Ch0ir.. .2.15 .'OO ...; 61500 5Nev....68
50 -..2.1U260 Ophlr ...90 500 Union 85
200 CCAV...I.7C 100 -....91 80U V Jack 1...27
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2 :30.
160 81cner.....47 1000 C Imp. 300 0cc1dU....46
50 B &*.... 89 100 Conn ...1.20110U Ophtr 00
50 90200 I Point... 45 Potoal 87
200 CCA V.. 1.65 -00 46 400 5ava5..... 67
60 1.70200 HAN. ..1.40
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
HK«I'I,A* SKSSIOV— IO: SO.
200 Alpha.... 16800 CC*V1.78W200 Ophlr 88
300 Alt*. Ob 1000 1.7ua00 89
200 Andes 28 2000 C Imp. .02 300 F0t051....87
300 Blchr 48 3UO C J'olnt 463'iU Save 58
260 h&li.. 89 .'OO Exchqr....(l4 600 KB&M....US
100 Bodle. 60 400 ti.tC . ....50 400 .-s v tih
500 bullion... 18 450 HAN. ;. 1.40 500 s urn 02
Caled.... li 300 Justice... o4 2oo Uni0n... ..37
300 Change. ..-it 400 Alex ..4S 500 ...;.. ......86
400 Choir.. .2.10 300 Occd 46 4UU Utah 07
600 2V« 400 Overman. 14 JOU V Jcku....27
'J6O C0nn... .1. -M I
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:BO.
200 Alnna 15 26 ) Ch0ir... 2.10 200 Occd 40
600 A1ta....-.08 100 2.1&200 47
•-'OO Andes 28 200 2- 17 Vi 300 48
400 8e1cner....48 50 Court.... l.'J.' 500 0vrmn....14
400 49 500 Con N V...03 3UU Poiosl.. 87
200 50 200 C P0int. ...4.i 700 89
200 BAB. 89 300 G & C.....4!- 250 8ar....,..38
200 90 200 HAM... 1.4 *00 . .69
201) Bodle 62 JOO Julia 07 i.io Scorplon-07
300 Bullion... 18 500 L Wash... lK 400 58AM....07
100 8u1wer...44 100 Mien. 4 f . 500 SNt «7
200 Caleda. ..11 -'00 4. 500 Union C.35
200 Chalng....4-- 100 Mono '-'< :>U Utah 07
100 4. iOOOphtr 8 10 V Jaoit«..'J7
600 CCV-..1.70 .00 ... DtJ.OO -....2»
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Sept. 22-4 p. it
£iflAsked.t Bi<i.AskfA.
Aloha Con, ... 16 16 Jackson 25 40
Atta. 06 07 Julia . — 08
Andes. 27 -8 Justice. 04 05
8e1cher........ 49 60 Kemuck. 06 08
Best & Belcher 90 91 Lady Was a 02 t'4
BentonCon.... — I.' Mexican 47 49
Bodie 63 65 Mono — II
Bullion 18 19 Nevada Queen. — 04
Bulwer. 43 —'Occidental..... 48 49
Caledonia. 11 12Ophir 96 94
Cbollar 2.16 2.20 Overman. 12 14
Con.CalAVa,..l.7o 1.75 I'otosL 87 89
Challenge Con. 43 44 Ravage. 68 69
Con. Imperial. 01 02 Scorpion. „ — D 8
Confidence.... 1.20 1.25 seg. Belcher... 07 08
Con New York — 04 ! Syndicate ..... OS -
Crown Point... 45 47 silver Hi 11.... — 08
EastSlerraNev — V 4 Sierra Nevada, 67 69
Eureka Con... 26 — Union Con 36 36
Exchequer.... — 05 Utah 06 08
& curry. 49 60 Yellow Jacltes. 28 29
H*le<&.Norcrs.l.4O 1.45
COLD MINING KXCHAXOK.
Champion ...... 200 Lock wood Con. 28
Bid 17 00 Asked Princess 68
Asked 32 50 Providence
Edna Asked 80 00
Asked 36 100 Savannah... . _ 46
Grant.... ;. Thorpe
Bid 10 Bid „ 60
Asked  25 Asked _ 80
Keystone. I 60 Chollar 2 15
Bid 65 00 100 Con Virginia... 176
Kennedy I 60 Hale A Norcrs. 146
Eld 600
LOCAL. 6KCUKITIEa.
Asked San Francisco Gas 93 00
Bid Spring Valley Water 96%
STOCK. ASI> BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Sept. 23-2 P. M.
rNITKD STATES BONDS.
Sid. Asked. BtA. AikeA.
C 8 coop. 1 0.13 1 — CS4areg... — 107»,i
Do new i*auellsVi — |
Ml- I LU»NKOIT* "OVtvt
Cal-stCbless. 10S^ — Pscßoll MS* _
Cat Kleci,Ail)U - Do 2d is 0s- — _
CntraCWs» — 94 l'*OKy6v — 115
Dpnt-stex-co — 97»/ 4 P<tCh Ryßs — 107U,
EdsnL*P«sll9 - Pwl-stBRBs. — 118
I ACHKRB3. — 106 Beno, Wi^L — 106
Geary-stßss. — 107 Sacto PAL. — 10v!V%
LosAn«Ltfs. — 100 ISK&NPRSs. 98y*100
DoUnteedfti - 101 BPRKArIiO* - 9414
Mkt-stCbleSs 117*4 — ifcPßßCaltii. — 110 V,
DoßyConSs.. JsPKRCaISs. — 100
KatVlnttsis: 96 — iSPBrRCaIB* • — 99
NevCNgß7s. 94 — SVWater6s.. 116 i/ 3 118 *
NPCRR6J.IOO — SVWater4s.. 97*« 973.i
ByCal6s> 99 102 SlktnG<£E6s - 100
KBy Cal ss. — 100 SnnstTATSs. — —
Oak Gas 55.. 100 — Smter-atßoa. 108 —
lio2d Is 65..10 l — . !V»s*iiaWC«*» — —
Oiunibiu o». 118^1192^1
VtATkJI RTOTK*.
Contra Costa 80 — iSanJose. _ _
MarlnCo.... 50 - |Bprng Valley 97% 97^
~f>fWOrKS.
Capital. 17% 30 1 Pacific Lleht 48 —
Central- 95 — San Francsco 92% 63
Oak LA a 61% 52%!>:U>C£M)a..... - XV
PacUaslmp. 83% 84%j
X»UK*.\.;k VTrv-KV
Fireman's 160 — JSnn 25 50
COMMERCIAL RANK *TO-<K*
AmerBATC. — — , London PA A. 12 4% —
Anglo-Ca1. ... — 58 :I.ondon<fc.->F. _ 271 A
Bant of Lai.. 225 235 Merch Kx... IS —™
Cal B DATCoIO7%IIO Nevada — —
First JSauom. — 180 Sather BC>. -» —
miHI BANK BTOCXI.
RerßifttiCo. -1260 SavAloan. _ * 100
Hnmb!*Al*Xloo — Security 300 37ft
MutuaL — 4U UmouTnui.76U —
bJb'bavUnloa — 480
KTBKKT RAlLßovn-Tl— ci
California,... — 108 Oak SLAHay — 100
Geary-st. — go Presidio 0 —
Market-in.... 42% 42%Sutter-st - —
<OWI>KH STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — iGlantCon.... 1(1% 171*
Kastern D... 70 — Jndson O.'.^, — —
Calltornia.... — 75 i\l»orU. — 90c
MIBCKI.LAJJItOt'» STOCKS.
AlMkaPkrs. 95% 97 [Nat Via Co.. _ _
BlkJK'oalUo. — 10 Oceanic — 20
Cal Cot Mills — — PacAnxPA, I _
Edison Llghtll8V&119 iPacßoraxCo. 9» 100
GaaConAssn. — — Pac Roll Mill — _
Ocr Lead Co. SO 100 Part PaintCo 6% 7%
HnwCiE&Co.. 13% 14 PaoTnnsCo. — 24
nutchSl'Co 19% 19%PacTATOO. 70 —
MerKxAssn.loo 110 Sunset TAT. 41 -
;l: Klec Light — iULuu,.J UCit. — 25
SALES— HORNING SESSION.
Board—
I 50 Hutchlnson S P Co. «'. I 9 50
!-'r»».r_
$5000 Northern IVy of Cal 6% 80nd5.... 100 00
*2000S V iX Bonds... 97 50
SALKS— 4ITIBUOOS SCSStOX.
Board— ;•.
10 SV Water 97 25
Street— .
fIOOOSFANP Hallway 80nd5........ 98 50
• 1000 SP of A Bonds.. 94 00
■» — ♦ »
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BCSIXESS OFyiCB of the Ban Francisco Cau_
TlO Market street, open until 19 o'clock every
■If In the year.
BRANCH OFFICKS-630 Montgomery street,
corner Clay, open until 9:80 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street* •pea
«ntU 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
118 Mn:)i street, open nntll fl:30 o'clock
NOTICE OF MEETIN OS.
jT^" ORIENTAL LODGE NO. 144. F. •
«^-e r and A. M. Officers and members A
are requested to attei d the funeral of ourlfV
lat« brother JOHN HKNRY HOLT from .V>
the Masonic Temple Tills DAY at 1 p. v. Broth-
ers and friends are cordially Invited.
■ ■ ' '' ' ■ A. S. HUBBARD. Sec.
IP]** MISSION LODGE, NO. 169, F. 5~
■JS^^^^- **• -Called meeting THIS_A
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, ,it 7Ho^flf
o'clock. 3d degree. By order of the W. M /^jf\
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
(K-P FRANCO-AMERICAN vvi-*ttf*>"
»-^ Lodge No. 207. I. O. O. F.-^*«fefel
Officers and menb-rs are requested JSfiSES^
to meet at their hall. WEDNKsDA Y. " a »s"V^'-
September 23, at 1 :3t» p. m. to attend the funeral
of our late brother, JE.-\N JOSb-PH PEYKE.
" _ , ■'.;■" A. LKON AURADON.N. G.
B. Lavionk, Secretary. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1896.
MEETING NOTICES-Contlnued.
mrS= EXCEJ.SIOR LOliGE~^'o! ~^fjru?-
-*-*^ 310, I. <>.?O. F.— All members
are requested to assemble :at their -SK<BPS?^
loilgeroora, 2319 Mission street, at . .•"••"*• .
12:30 p. m.. THURSDAY, September 24, 1896. to
attend the funeral of our late brother, KEY. M. K.
COLBURN, at 1 p.m. from Grace M. E. Church,
corner Twenty-first and Capp streets. Interment,
Cypress Lawn, by electric car.
■ .lAS. T. McINNIS, N. G.
J. H. Duncan. Secretary. . : .- •:•-,.■■■
ftr^S" WK bT !•: R N ADDITION \>^Mu^y~"
t-^ Lodge N't 285. I. O. O. F., wlll^W*2RS&
Initiate on 'i HIS . (THURSDAY)
EVENING, 5-ept. 24. Officers and '"'r.*?*
members are requesie>l to attend. Members of
sister lodges are cordially Invited. ■
: • S. ISAACS, N. G.
Wm. F. IkS Perm. Sec.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
TXru^rHL^^E^w^lrlNTrME^
ft~-v dlnm. 334 O'F»rrell st. ... = :■
Bt^= DR. H. I. JONES, OCULIST AND J
wh^F anrist, Junt returned from European hospi- I
tals, has resumed practice. 222 Post. Tel. Grant 1 Ol." j
B^3S» BAD TENANTS KJECTKD FOX $4;
•~-^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Mont su, room 6. Tel. 6580.
»^S=> BAD TENANTS EJECTED. $3. COOK.
P^p^ Law and Collection Office, 1023 Market st.
fIJSS=» GAS IFXTUKES MADE TO OKDIiR;
****? cheapest j place In the city. H. HUF-
SCHM I IT. <.()lden Gate ayp.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
GERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306 MA-
VJ son su. furnishes best help of all nationalities.
WA NT KD— AN EDUCATED LADY WISHES
" a position As governess, seamstress or com-
panion to invalid, or all three combined; no objec-
tions to country; references exchanged. Address
MISS ANNIE M. BRIGHT, San Jose, CaL
pIRLOF 20 YKARB OF AGE ATTENDING
VI grammar school, would do general housework
for home and small compensation. Address X.,
2518 Mission st, '
ITUATION WANTED BY A KEBPKCTA
ble girl; first-class seamstress and chamber-
maid; wages $25. Call at 1424 Franklin St., Oak-
land, i
\TEAT GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION
i-i to do light 'housework In small family; is a
good plain cook.; Address P. C, box 49, Call Office.
WANTED— BY STRONG, STEADY YOUNG
woman, work of any kind; hotel or restaurant
waitress. Apply 657 Folsoru St.
KRMAN GOVKRNKSS WANTS SITUA-
VI tion; loves children; best of references. Ad-
dress M., box 18, Call.
ANTED— BY COMPETENT GIRL, SITU A-
»" tlon as chnmbermald or second work. Call
967 a Howard at j
GOOD, RELIABLE WOMAN WANTS SITU- I
ation for housework and cooking. Call 7 Van
Ness aye.
GERMAN LADY WISHES SITUATION AS
VJ housekeeper or work by tie day. 531 Steven-
son st. .
ADY WOULD LIKE TO TAKE CARE RO> >M-
lng bouse or do cnamberwork. 1165 Mission.
WEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION AS
laundress In private family. Call 810 Folsom.
■yOUNG LADY WILL Do LIGHT HOUSE-
. X work for home. EL, box 75. Call Office.
• MUST GEKMAN COOK, HOTEL OR RES-
X taurant. 79 Jessie st., ur. Second, off Mission.
IDDLE-AGKD WOMAN WISHES HOUSE-
i'I work and care of children: good cook. 911
Howard su
T\RKS*MAKER WHO UNDERSTANDS CUT-
XJ ting and fltiioK wishes work. Apply 623 How-
ard St., lie 1. Second and Third.
TNTKLLIGENT YOUNG LaDY, FINE HAND-
X sewer, would give part of day light services for
room and board, ; s.. 609 Fran . lln st.
p OOD COMPETENT GIRL WISHES SITUA-
VJ tion for general housework and cooking;
private family. 427 Dolores st.
SITUATION: FRENCH LAUNDRY-WOMAN;
O 10 years' experience. Address 526 Merchant.
TJESPEUTABLE GIRL WISHES A sTtU-
XV ation as first-class cook or second girl; city or
country. Call 3608 Twenty-sixth, near Valencia.
p ERMAN GIRL WISHES A PLACE FOR |
vj general housework and help cooking. Apply
163 Tehama st. '
YY' SITUATION BY YOUNG WO-
»» man: is kooU cook or will dochamberwork.
Please call at 16 Marye terrace, 42a Turk su
CAN DIN AVIAN GIRL WANTs TO DO GEN-
O eral housework. Call 7.5 Howard.
ESPECTABLE PERSON WANTS WORK BY
Jl the day washing or housecleaning. Call or
address 409 Polk st.
/ 1 KRMAN WOMAN DESIRES A PLACE TO I
XX do light housework and taite care of children.
5 Mason au . .
TKONU SWEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUA- !
tion to do general housework, i-lease call at
71 Converse avt., bet. Eighth and Ninth sts.,
near Bryant.
ERMAN WIDOW WIBHKS POSITION AS i
VJ housekeeper. ■ Call 948 Harrison. |
EST A U AN f COOK WANTS SITUATION. !
XV Call or address 757% Howard.
WEDISH GIKL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
O general housework: wages s2o. I all 414 emu.
■pESPECTABI^E GIRL WISHES SITUATION
XV In family to do general housework and piain
cooking. . Address or call 2417 Clay st.
Al IDDLE~AGKi < WOMA.s WISHES SITUA-
I'i tion as housekeeper or will take cook's place; j
7 years' reference from the last place she worked.
Apply at 730 Natoma st.
L> EFINED WOMAN WITH REFERENCE
XV wants place in reception lady or would assist
dentist in exchange tor dental work. Address
Refined, box 82, Call.
N ENGLISH WIDOW WISHES POSITION !
as housekeeper to widower; active, m liable;
good references. Address H. X., box 32. Call.
ANISH GIRL UKSIRKS SITUATION AS
coov; waxes $25 to $30: can give best city 1
reference. Call or aJ. 911 Hampshire si., nr. 21si.
-Q EFINED WOMAN FROM THE SOUTH
XV wishes position as housekeeper In the city.
Call at 17 Grant aye., room 6, tir-u floor.
EAMSTREB& FIRST CLASS, WOULD LIKE
O engagements by the day in families: reference
given: $1 25 a day. Address s. S., box 95, Call.
SITUATION WANTED TO DO CHAMBER-
O wor^ ; Kooa references. Address G. R., box 65,
Call Office.
ASTKRN LADY, WITH LITTLE GIRL.
would like situation as housekeeper; compe-
tent to do almost any kind of work: prefer lodg-
ing-house. Address Stranger, box 73, Ca.l office.'
YOUNG WIDOW, |;RECRM'LY FROM
X Massachusetts, desires a position as house-
keeper; only first-class people need apply. Rooms
2 and 3, 1007 Market su
»4/OMAN WA*<TS SEWING OF ANY KIND;
'» cleans and repairs clothes. 114 Fourth St.,
room 15.
r.SPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES TO GO
JV out by tile (lay, or will take w.ishiiig home;
also gents' flannels: $1 and cariare. 6ssV<s .\»-
toma su
KKsSMAK WOULD LIKE WOKK* BY
the d»y; Hi puarameed: reasonable; on
ladies nerd call. 44 -ixrh su, room 46.
VOUNO GKRM GIRL WISHES TO DO
X general housework and plain cooking. Apply
610 Linden aye. - ■ •
""oUNv.. REFINED, COMPETENT CREOLE
X widow desires position as housekeeper. Please
call at 917 Market au, room 19. second Boor.
pOMPETKNT AND RELIABLE UOUgV
VJ keeper desires a silua ion. Apply to Mrs.
McNEILL. 217 Geary nt.: lower floor.
YY' ANTKD— BY RESPECTABLE WOMAN*
»» wor< by day: laundress or housecleaning. 4
Lily terrace, off Powell st., near Pine.
ADY O. EDUCAI lON A-> D REFINEMENT"
speaks three languages, desires a place as
housekeeper for widower or tig-house. Room
2, 12 Mason st. ■ - rz ■
PROTESTANT WOMAN WANTS A SITUA~-
X tion to do general housework. Call or address
439 Minna su, between Fifth and Stxih.
V A TRAINED USE, A POSITION TO
1 47 ' calf Office ' a%tri ' d lady * Address A. D., box
X EFINED WIDOW WOULD LIKE POSI-
-:ion as working housekeeper in lodging house
or widower's i«ml.y. Koouo 13, 1 Flftn su
V OUNG won 11 N~W ANTS WOKK BT"~rHK
X day; washing, ironing and general housework.
Call or address 73'J Union st.
YY INCtiK.3 . Kit HuUe-E. 44 THIRD ST Nit
ti\n M ,- r ii? :<l!W ' r ,°° mi: 25e 10 $1 60 per night: .
$1 60 to $6 per weelc; convenient and respectable'
life bus ana baircnceto and from the lerrr. ?
situations WANTEB-MALE.
PF^u^ct^bTa^cJx chin e a nd""7apa"
XX nese employment office. 17 Webb ru. below
Kearny. nr. CaL; teL main 231. W.C YOUNG, mgr
SAM KEE— CHINESE AND JAPANESE EM-
O Ploy men t office. BnshsU, nr. Grant aye.
/■> HlNii^K- AND JAiA.Nwh Kn.LIABLK
V. help; teL Main 1997. BKADLK V A CO.. 640 Clay.
CHINKSK AMI JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V-' office; best heln. 41 414 O'Karr,'ll, let. K. 4Jg,
APA.NKSK AND CHIN KSE EMPLOYMENT:
best help. 314b sutler st. ; teL Grant SO.-
pARDENER— YOUNG MAN. NEAT AP*
V.T peurance. desires situation: understands i
horses, cows. chickens, carpentering, painting;
tempi-rate, Industrious, obliging: first-class refer-
ences; salary $25 p«-r month. , Address H., box 67.
Call office. ;
AN AND WIFE WANT WOKKON RANCH: i
thoroughly experienced California farmer:' ,
would take charge or work for single . man; ' no
children; wages m derate. Address H. H., box
87, Call Office. '
ITUATION WANTED AS watchman, OK
any position where honesty «nd sobriety will
be appreciated, by American, age 27: best of ref- i
ereuces and security if necessary. Address W. a..
box 142. Call. . '
X PERI EN CHEKSKMAKEK: MAKES ''■
(1 fferen: kinds of cheese; also butter; can run '
a separator, wishes: a situation, city or country
Address W. W.. box 160. Call Office. '
BA B HI.R WITH 8 MONTHS'~EXPI-RIENCE
wishes employment. Ad. '!'. T.. box 61, Call.
YY ANTKD- POSITION As DRAUGHTSMAN-
- 1» ceral kuowltd^e. Address D., box 60, CalL
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continned.
YOUNG MAN. FIRST-CLASS LADY'S HAIR
. X dresser, wishes position In some hair dressing
parlor. A 1 dress AUGUST BARTH, box 149, Call.
APERfIANOKR AND PAINTER, ' GOOD
X mechanic, wishes stead y job: $2 day; fast and
clean workman; good character; • city or country.
1. F., box 96, Call Office.
V OU N G M A WHO SPEAKS FRENCH, GER-
x man and English wishes a situation In office or
store. Address G. H., box 48 Call Office,
i "ERMAN BOY OF 17 WISHES ANY KIND
* * of work; can drive and care for horses. Ad-
dress 488 Eighth st -.■■•■■
V LDERLY man WOULD work at any
J-i occupation for a good home; is useful to cook-
ing and housework; -also generally useful with
tool*. T. H., box 95, Call Office
C')OLOKED BOY WANTS POSITION IN PRI-
V 7 vate family as butler: speaks Spanish and Eng-
lish: best of references. Address C. A., box 126,
Call Office.
Tfl. ERLY GERMAN, SOBER AND RBLIA-
JJ Die, wishes to take charge or a ranch or private
p. ace: can (jive security and best of references.
Address A. B , box 108, Call Office. . :
Situation wanted by man and wife
0 to take full charge hotel kitchen: first-class
cook and breadmaker: or will work on ranch: best
references 745 Howard st.
G HUMAN, WITH BEsT OF REFERENCES,
. ' wants situation as coachman. Address R. R.,
box 37. this office. . v *
UTLER— SITUATION WANTED; ENG-
i-»llsh: thoroughly experienced. Address F. J.
L.. box 103, Call Office.
\V ANTED— BY SOBER AND INDUSTRIOUS
» » man, position in private family: thoroughly
understands care of horses, also plain gardening.
A. G. a, box 2, call Office, Oakland.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NKAU
" Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage 10 and from the ferry.
"y oUN a GENTLEMAN ATTENDING COL*
x lege seeks some employment for late afternoon
and evening hours; beat references; stationery,
?*.o g £ nd / K eDer »l experience. Address X., box
108, Call Office.
y.OU.NU, STRONG, ABLE-BOD MAN,
x sober and steady, painter and paperhanger by
trade, desires situation as janitor or porter in
hotel or institution. Address A. 8., box 161, this
office.
yOUNG MAN DESIRES SITUATION TO
x work nlchts; speaks English, French and
Italian. Address S. 8., 801 Vallejo St., room 29.
ijV COMPETENT COOK IN RESTAURANT
XJ or hotel. Address P., box 143, this office.
Q ITUATION WANTED AS MANAGER OF
K_> fruit ranch or vineyard: Is an exiert In all
branches of horticulture; well acquaint d with
general farming; California and foreign experi-
ence: references. Address F. A. RODEH, Wat-
sonville, Cal.
iroUNG BUTCHER WISHES SITUATION,
city or country. Address S. M., box 43, Call.
EDITOR AND WRITER, AN 1896 KEN-
tucky Republican, now In Utah, wants position
on the coast: married: experienced: with good
references. JOiSL SHOMAKER, P. O. box 1656,
Salt Lake City, Utah.
INUHESTKK HOU^E, 44 THIRD. NEAR
t» Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms: 25c £0 $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: fr*e bus an<t baggage 10 and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
\\T A NTED — GERMAN OR SWISS COOK"
" near city. $22; German girl, 8 in family, $25;
girls for German cooking, private families, city
*23: girls for country, $20. C. R. UANSEN A
CO.. 110 Geary at.
IV ANTED— COOK AND SECOND GIRL FOR
'T sumo family, country: cook. $25; second gin,
815, see party here. C. K. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary st.
YY ANTED— MAN. WIFE AND SECOND GIRL.
• " same family, country : man and wife, $40 ; sec-
ond girl, $16, see party here, C. R. HANsEN A
CO.. 110 Geary st.
EAD WAITRESS. $30: CHAMBERMAID
who can wait on table, $20. C. R. HANSEN
A CO.. 110 Geary si.
EFINED GEKMAN SECOND GIRT-, $26;
laundress. $30; Protestant nursegirl, $20: 16
nous-work girls, city and country, »20 and $;!6; 6
young girls, assist, $10 to $16. " MISS CULLEN.
3J3 Kutterst. . .
ANCH COOK. $20 PER MONTH. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Hotter st. .
VKAi IRISH oil L: WAIT ON TABLE; $16.
1> MISS CULLEN, 823 Sutter st.
SWEDISH OR GERMAN LAUNDRESS;
0 plain wash, 25; second girl, $26. MISS CUlr
LEN. 323 Suiter sU .
WAITRESS AND CHAMBERMAID, " $20:
'• prlva.e boarding-house, MISS CULLEN, 323
Butter su
YV ANTED— 50 GIRLS FOR SITU-
TT ations. families and hotels; waitress, country
hotel. $l! 0: ranch cooks, $20; cirl, plain boarding-
house, $15: second girl, country, $15 and fare
paid; lv girls, housework, country towns, $20,
free fare. MURRAY A READY, Leading Em-
p.oyment Agents, 634-636 Clay st. .-
\ OUXU GIKL, 14 TO 16 VhAKS OF AGtu,
X can have good some to assist lady; country;
small wages; fee and fare paid. MURRAY A
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
■ymKNCH SPEAKING WAITRESS, $18 AND
X I room; waitress, $20, etc.: waitress, $15:
chambermaid end wail some, $20 and room; girl,
McAllisiersu. $20: 2 girts, Steiner St., (20: girl.
Filbert st., $20: girl. San LeanJro, CaL; girl, La-
gunast.,sr.; German girl. Geary sU. #18: girl.
Twenty- hir.! si. $12: girl, Aivarado. $18; Kirl,
Alameiia, Cal., $25; 11 young girls. $15; I nous«.-
girls, $20: 16 slrls, $8, $10 and $12 per moa.h,
assist, etc., nice families. MARTIN'S, 749 Mar-
ket sU
YY' ANTKD— WAI I KESS, COUNTRY HOTEL,
"T $20; cook, boarding-house, $25; Protestant
working housekeeper; 2 German nurses, $-0; col-
ored girl for housework, $-5, ai.d a great many
girl* for cooking and homework in city and coun-
try. J. *. CROSKTT A CO., 316 Sutter st.
ANTED-GERMAN COOK, $35; WAIT-
TT ress, $20; maid and seamstress, $20; German
nurse grown children. $25; Protestant laundress.
$25. LEON ANDRE. 315 Stockton St.
MUST HAVE "flrsT-VIASS LADY TO TAKE
charge of underwear, corse, notions and
gloves department: Al salary. Apply at once to
U. S. Industrial Agency, room 165, Crocker bull
Vy ANTED— AN APPRENTICE GiRITwiTH
' i some experience on coatmaking. 456b Te-
hama at. .
\\' ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN
'• light housework; fair wages and good home.
12 .--ho! well st.
YV ANT£.D — NEAT GIRL TO ASSIST IN
TT general housework. 226 DevUadero,cor. Page.
1 If ANTED— A COMPETENT GIRL FOR GEN-
tt eral . housework and cooking. Apply 1206
Eddy st. t . .
r ANTED— A GIKL; GENERAL HOUSE*
»» work. Apply Twenty-fifth and Dolores sts.;
Scandinavian preferred.
p ERMAN GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
VJ" care of two children; references. 26 Sixth
st. ; bakery.
p ERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL TO ASSIST
VJ with light housework. 823 Geary st
GIRLEUROK N URAL HOUSEWORK: MUST
be a cooJ co.k: relerence. 1726 Pine st.
Mi dle-ageTTwoman TO wash dishes
J.U from 10 to 3. 201 a Fill more st.
rpAiLOREss wanted on custom coats.
X 610 Monigomery St., room 1.
rpAILORESS ON CUSTOM COATS; MAKE
X buttonholes: good wages. 22 Russ st.
YOUNG Glul, FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
X small family; references. 1614 Devisadero st.
before noon. ■ "
YY' ANTED— YOUNG WOMAN TO ASSIST IN
TT housework. 2311 Polk st.
/"i IKL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK: $8. 1306
VJ Mason st. "
VY r OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST; GOOD HOME;
small wages. Address Y. P., box 99. Call.
y OUNG GIKLFOKUENKRALHOUSKWORK.
X 731 Green su, near Mason.
OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
X work: references. 1218b Eddy at.
GEKMAN OK FRENCH GIKL TO TAKE
VJ cure of child. Call between 9 and 12, &E. cor.
Clay ana Bucnanan sts.
yOl'.Nu GIKL FOX HOUSEWOHK; SMALL
X American family; wages $20. Call early 721
Ellis SU
Vl' A .TED— FIRST-CLASS FINISHEK ON
** pants: s:eady. 461 Minna sU
\J ASS AGE TAUGHT AND FORMULAS OF
■i" a sure cure for rheumatism and falling hair
given; reasonable. D. S., box 107, this office.
lI ACT V CULTURE, MANICURING, HalK-
*' dressing: less na. day ana evening. MRS.
BUI LER, 131 Post. -■•
L'LYNVs DKESS-CUTTIWG SCHOOL: TUES-
X days free: 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
V^SKIKT PATTERN*: JUST IN: 25c.
i.^ McDOWELL Dressmaking School. 636 Mar-
Ket su
r | AIK-DKESSINO: MANICURING LESSONS
XX given Miss DOYLE. 212 Powell su. 105 9th,
l_| * l "DRESSING. 25c AND 85c: MOKNJNU
XX tnd eve classes: 101e»»ons.$l 60. 1248 Mlssloo.
VI C T CONVENIENT AND KKSPECTABLJC; '
?. i !1 lnch ester House, 44 Third a-, near Market;
»00 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per nlcht; $1 60 to $5
I'T^ei-k: lrif 'bn» and oasicase to and from ferry
MALE HELP WANTED.
GARDi£NER~ANI> WIFE private
vj place, country, $40 and found; must have
nrs class references: milker, country, $22 and
ii unrt; , farmers, cnoreman and others. C. R.
HANSKN « CO., 110 Geary su .
V L LASS PASTRY COOK. $75. C. R.
X H.>Nsenaco.._Jllo Geary st. .
Til MKR TO PULL BEANS. ETC, $20 PER
"" month and found; 20 farmers, orchard and
vineyard hands: 20 Uemakers, 8c each; -.0 drill-
ers and hammermen: boy to feed a pnniing-press:
choremau for a vineyard, $15; blacksmith on
snares: 2 cooks, #30 and $50: porter and pantry-
■MfiM?rV ? . man to run a jigsaw: 3 waiters, $25.
MU RK A V. A READY. 634 mo 636 Clay st?
Hn K A P , EPIOKKRS * *20 AND FOUND.
™i M . DRRAY * RKAVY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay su :
PRACTICAL GARDENER .CAN FIND
Lombard « r " : ** ' clac Ka-sery.con. Baker and
_ BCEI.P TTAJTrED— Contlnned.
ANTED-4 QUARTZ MINERS, $2 50 DA
young wagon-maker for country; 10 farmers,
$20; restaurant cooks: 3 hotel waiters, 320 and
$25 ; and others. ■ Apply to J. F. CxIOSETT A CO.,
628 Sacramento st. ./"...'"
ANTED— IO WOODCHOPPERSTO CUT 600
" cords, SI 60 per cord, first-class layout: 5 men
to cut cord wood, 75c per day and board, tools, etc..
furnished, long job; 20 grape-pickers, $20 and
board : also farmers, milkers, butter-makers, cooks,
waiters and dishwashers. W. D. EWER A CO.,
626 Clay st ■ ■ -v::.'
ISHWASHER, $3 A WEEK: BELLBOYS,
$10 and room ; young man who can cook some.
$20, room, etc.: barrier, country shoo, board,
room, etc; cook, $7 a week; boy, $2 a week: Jap-
anese boy, housework; 5 good agents; shoemaker.
MARTIN'S, 749 Market st ,
EXPERIENCED CUTTER OF WRAPPERS,
sacques and children's wear wanted at once;
good salary for the right man: also a traveling
snleaman for gents' furnishing goods: salaried po-
sition in first-class house. U. S. Industrial Agency,
room 166. Crocker building.
STEADY. TRUSTWORTHY . PARTNER,
restaurant, to attend cash counter and dining-
room; advertiser good cook; $126 required. 632
Market st
\ Vr ANTED— A FIRST-CLASS SHOEMAKER
" to do repairing. 716 Hyde st
i< UTCHEK-BOY WITH SOME EXPERIENCE
■ ' ' wan tea at 576 Howard st .
XPERIENCED . R. STAURANT WAITER
wanted. 207 Second st.
I OY TO LEARN CABINET TRADE. 64 !
' ' First St.
\\ 7 ANTED— A GOOD CIGARETTE-MAKER,
'» 424 Montgomery st
SHOEMAKER BOY WANTED AT 8:30 A. M.
767 Market street
pOOD BARBER; YOUNG man pr&
VT ferred. 1938 Mission st, 8 o'clock.
OY, AGED 16. WITH REFERENCE AND
residing with parents. 114 Powell st
ANTSMAKER WANTED. WERTHMAN $4
X Pants Co., 22y 2 Geary si., room 29.
STEADY BARBER WANTED. 358 THIRD
street
<T» I PANTS TO ORDER: LATEST STYLES.
<*P i WERTHMAN Pants Co.. 22y a Geary st.
WANTED— BARB R; YOUNG MAN. 6091 A
'» Howard st; call Ba. it.
S" HOEMAKER WANTED ON REPAIRING:
202 Second st
AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL tiKli
I > P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant ay».
JOURNEYMEN BARBERS' EMPLOYMENT
secretary, H. BERNARD. 102 Seventh st.
AKBEKS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
IJARBER CHAIRS-WILL PAY CASH FOR j
xi two or three chairs; must be cheap. Address I
B. H., box 68, Call Office, - .
1 v AKBER-SHOP-BARGAIN; 2 CHAIRS; 15c. I
l-> 1310 Castro Bt, opp. carhouse.
iJ ARBERS— 2-CHAIR SHOP FOR SALE, $75;
»> rent, including gas, $10. 1932 Market st
fTIWO SHOEMAKERS WANTED. OAKLAND
X Shoe Repairing Company, 1239 Broadway.
Oakland.
piTY salesman for something new.
\J Apply bet 9A 10 B.W. PRINDLE.4OI Market.
\\r ANTED — Sp:aMAN AT THOMPSON'S
'* calltcrnla House, 103 Clark st
YOUNG MAN TO LEAKS BARBEK TRADE.
X Address G., box 84, Call Office.
TO DO BUSHELING; MUST KNOW
X how to buy and sell. 41 Third st
SAILORS WANTED at LANE'S, 504 da vis
st. Mariner's Home.
WANT FOR THE UNITED BTATES
Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years; '■
not less thin 6 feet 5 Inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and sneak English properly; only citizens of i
the United States or persons who have legally de- !
clared their intentions 10 become citizens will be j
accepted: this important branch of the naval I
Bervlce offers special Inducements; giving oppor- 1
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our i
new cruisers. For further information apply at the '
Recrul Ing Office. 20 Ellis st, San Francisco, Cal. I
HONEST MAN IN BUSINESS PAYING $75
a month; $160 required. 777 Market st.,
room 7. •
GET A SHAVE AT THE BARBER
f shop. 757 Howard st. .
"JVEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION BET.
J-i 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
50c; week $1 to $2 50 ;reading- room; strides tatten-
tlon to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all night
STEAKS, CHOPS. ETC.: 6 DISHES FOB 5
0 cents. 635 Clay st. Big Yellow Front
WANTED- AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
TT some simple thing to naient? Protect your 1
Idea*: they may bring yon wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDERBURN A CO., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. c. for their $1800 prize
offer and list of '-'00 inventions wanted.
\»/ ANTED- .MK.N TO Lr.AKN BARBER* j
t» trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and I
; catalogue sent S. F. Barber School, 1615 Howard. I
AiNTED— SO MEN FOR SINGLE Rooms; !
$1 ween. 25c night 321 Ellis st; Rosedale.
MJ.VS HALF-SOLING, 50c.; LADIES, 40c.-. I
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace I
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will A Finck's.s. • !
OOMs 16c lv» 16c PKR NIGHT: 60u'lU *1 60
per week. ' rienrtil. 225 jirumm si.
1 ARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
XJ on hand: shoes 10 order, $3 50; hand-sewea
shoes, $5. 726»^j Howard st, bet Third and i-ourth*j
W' INCHESTERHOUSK. 44 THIRD SI\.NEAK
Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a nigh:; reading-
room: tree bus and baggage to and trom the ferry.
rpRY ACME HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
' ■ sts.; single inrnished run 7Bcweek. 16c night.
S—REixOVliD FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. C"ay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch. 6c.
l||i|ME> To TAKE LODGING AT lOc. 153
X\i\J and 20c a night. Including cod** mki roiu,
(24 Washington st.. near Kearny.
\\r ANTED— x^AHOKEKS AND MECHANICS
« ' 10 know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 1M)
largo rooma; 25c per nigh: : $1 to $3 per wee*.
BEST IN CITY--SINO' X ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, SI 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and LeidesdorS sts.
ANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY SI
' » »-«ek; rooms for two. 250 a day, $1 60 a wee*,
readlnr-room: dally papers. &6 Clay su
\| i!.N IU FKKXI .<i...MuAlia.\ aiucii FOOD;
I'l all grocer i keep il
VV ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUX LABOR
'* emAclerlcs. KNOX Collection A gey. 110 Sutler
\\rE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE "EPAIR
»' shoes up to 12 o'clock every night those work-
Ing through the day can have their shoos -repaired
at niKht while you wait : ladles' so ing. 35c: men's
soling, 60c: fine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of -hoes, been damag-d by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c up to
$2 50. 662 Mission st. bet. First at. and second st
AGtfXTS WASTED.
THIRST-CLASS AGENTS WANTED FOX GOOD
X I paying article. Call, 9 to 11:30 a. m., 874
Howard St., cor. Fifth, room 3.
A GENTS - "PERSONAL " RECOLLECTIONS
XV of General Nelson A. Miles," commander-In-
chiet of the Unite.l States army, and the graateit
of Indian fighters; the most remarkable book of
the century: apply at once for choice of terr tory
't. PERSON, Manager Subscription Department.
THE WHITAKER A RAY CO., 723 Mark*: cL
IN EVERY COUNTY WEST OF MISSISSIPPI
River, men and women to take agency- for
Lightning scissors Sharpener: enormous profits;
send at once: 26c tor 'ample. lor terms address
E. C. STOWE. box 841. San Jos'?, Cal. '•
ROOMS WANTED.
WA NTE i D^T*^R~^^U^iN7sHED^ROOMS
and bath; for light housekeeping. 8. F.. box
7. Cal Oflice.
- : ' BOARDING WANTED.
VI AN I E!i— ROOM AND BOARD IN A PRI-
TT vate family for 11 boy 13 years. State terms
and address R. B . box 75, Call Office.
PROPERTY WANTED. "~
UTABTKO - SMALL IMI'RoVED FARM
TT within 50 miles of San Francisco. Room 615
Safe Deposit building, s. p. ' '
WANTED-MISCELLAXEOUS.
WANTED — GOOD TALkiNtT^PARROT:
TT must be cheap. PROLL A CO., 719 Market.
OLD GOLD AND S LVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
ry, watches repaired. MIND, 1133^ mission.
QELL YOUR BOOKS CLOTHING AND JEW- 1
0 elry in A. KLEIN. IU9 Sixth St.; aeixl postal.
■ r " ■"^ LOST. ~
LOST-.X PASSBOOK WITHTHE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan society of San Francisco, in
the name of -NORA E. CONNORS, No. 176,862.
The finder will please return to bank.
CERTIFICATE OF $50. NO. 18 8-5 IN
favor , of E. J. LLOYD on i rocker-Woolwonh
Bank. . Return same to said ban*.
OST— BLACK LACE SCARF: GIFT. LIB*
eral reward on return to 222 Oak st
OST-SM ALL G KEEN PARROT, ALSO RED
and white feathers. Return 30 Lapldge at,
bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth; rewaid- .
O-T— LADY.-. ROUND BRKASTPIN. RE-
turn 121 Post st. room 43; reward.
"I OST- WHITE SPITZ SPANIEL; YELLOW
* J ear* and scots: handsome reward. 306 Mason.
ATTORNEYS- AT-L, AW. ~
a dvmcTeTFrk^27JTv6rc£^la\v ; 3 a^specT"
' /»- ally; private; no charge unless raccesafal: all
law suits, . claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc, as-
i I tended to. G. W. liuWK atfy-at-la-,v. 850 Market.
\TUAH F. FLOOD,. LAW 636 PARKOTT
xi building; t consultations free: moderate . fees.
KIN GORE A MALCOLM, ATTORNEYS AT
. law, room 431 Parrott building (Emporium).'
DVICF FREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
, cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
1 W. ARAM. ATT'Y-A T-LAW.SBI PAKROTT
t T . uidg. Practices in all courts -.charges mod era;a
,5H? I!iESS CHANCES. . .
pARTNER IN PAINT~ANITcARPENTER
a shop; from $500 to $730 cash needed: lons es-
tablished: large contracts; knowledge of business
not i ecesaary; office work. WILKE, 531 California
<B?4AA GROCERY AND BAR WITH UV-
*S>~X\J\J. ing rooms: doing good business; low
rent: choice location, close to Market st. WILKIS
A WOLF, 631 California st ■ ,
fflji *\C\(\ BARROOM; CLOSE TO BALDWIN
tip I O\J\J Hotel; straight 10c bar: long lease:
firsL-class day and night trade. WILKE, 531
California st. ■• :
fflfOFiA PARTNER WANTED IN BUTCH-
*}P*JxJ\J. er-shop; 8 miles from city; rooms: low
rent ; average 4 cattle sold per week ; r are chance
for right party. WILKE, 631 California su
LODGING-HOUSE OF 46 ROOMS, WITH . SA-
loon established years; lease; low rent; very
beet location ; - rarest chance for German man and
wife. WILKE, 631 California st.
<2J H.fin KEBI 'AURANT ON KEARNY ST.;
*j£)UW\J. actual value $1200; rent $50: owner
called East on account of sickness. W ILKE, 531
California st
ATTENTION! *-50: SALOON AND LUNCH-
XV house with 2 living-rooms; rent $20; sur-
rounded by foundries and warehouses: actual
value. $600: owner sick in German Hospital.
WILKE, 531 California st. .'- ..
ffl»9nO FINE BRANCH BAKERY, STA-
*\p-*\J\J, tlonery and notion store: showcases
and shelving complete: doing fine; low rent; uacrl-
j fice: sickness. MYERS A GRAHaM, 777 Market.
I ©(iAA SALOON: DANCE RUNNING UP-
I <JPUUU. stairs 3 nights week; low rent: splen-
did opportunity for right party to make a fortune;
sell at once. MYERS A GRAHAM, 777 Market.
O»l Q?: HOUSE 7 ROOMS; FULL OF BEST-
<IP i -j«J. paying tenants: low rent; pick location:
splendid investment for small capital: see this
to-day. MYERS A GRAHAM, 777 Market st
<3» I 400 EINE RESTAURANT AND
jjpX-iVV/. oyster parlor: first-class trade and
location; receipts $65 daily: a fortune for some
one; thorough Investigation Invited; only a res-
taurant man can handle this place; a perfect sac-
nflce. See MYERS A GRAHAM, 777 Market st
Q!Q~^M SACRIFICE — SALOON. 8 ROOMS,
«IP«JUI'. kitchen; well furnished: fine stock and
fixtures; best accommodations: receipts $15 to $20
daily. MYERS AG ■ AHAM, 777 Market st
fflj^nn OYSTER-STAND IN LARGE MAR-
tID^UU. ket with splendid cash trade, Includ-
ing sole agency of rapid-selling article: a chance
of a lifetime. MYEKS A GRAHAM, 777 Market
Q?4(lO STATIONERY AND CIGARS; DO-
«ipi \j\j. ing nice business: fine locality on Mar-
ket st; low rent; mast be sold immediately: fullest
investigation: fine buy for the money; see lv T.
LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
A LOON; CORNER; ESTABLISHED 16
0 years: Na 1 locality; opposite carhouse; low
rent; long lease; line living apartments: fsuitable
for a r roadbouse or hotel ; this Is a money-making
place, T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue. •
(ftq-;A SALOON WITH FOUR FINE LlV-
| «{p«J«JV/. ing-rooms and bath, doing good busi-
I ness: cheao rent; tine locality; fine business for
the money. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall avenue.
•81700, ONE OF THE FINEST RESTAU-
•33 IW. rants in city; good location; doing
business of $40 per day; established 26 years; has
always made money: stand full investigation;
reason for sailing, owner moving into own prop-
erty: and any one wanting a business of this kind
will find on investigation all that is claimed for it:
this is a rare chance. T.LUBELSKI. 7 city Hall ay.
CjOr.n SALOON AND RESTAURANT: OR
t\pKJO\f. will take partner; the finest chancn
ever offered; fine locality, cheap rent and good
business; T. LUBELsKI, 7 City Hall aye.
fijyvr; SALOON; 3 ROOMS UPSTAIRS; 1
tiptjtu. furnished: daily receipts $8 to $10;
will sell at sacrifice this week to cash buyer.
STENBERG A CO., 632 Market st. .
Cs^OOO SALOON, MARKET ST. ; BEST
tjpUUUU. fitted up place on the coast: 2 cash
registers, safe, etc. ; laige stock of best quality On
hand; low rent; business will speak for Itself;
more than value in sight; owner made fortune
and Is retiring. STKNBERG CO., 632 Market st
lOHEST CASH PRICE PAID FOR . FUR-
nitures, restaurants, saloon fixtures and grocery
I stocks. STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
HOTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF RS;
new 6-story and basement b ick building,
! containing 98 rooms; also ground floor and well-
i ll;hte<l basement; centrally located, half block
north of Market st, and one block from Baldwin'
Hotel and Emporium building; newly furnUhea
throughout: furniture for sale on " reasonable
terms. For further particulars apply to S. SIL-
VERBEhG. 320 Sansome st.. room 39.
FOR SALE— ONE OF THE OLDEST ESTAB-
X llsbed liquor-saloons in the city, together with '
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
In fine order; has a line day and night trade; situ-
ated in the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached: sickness the only reason for sellln?. Ad-
dress for particulars M. M.. box 100. Call Office.
C« Of 111 TEAMING AND EXPRESS BUSI-
«IT(J>UU. ness: doing hauling tor two wholesale
produce commission houses and two shipping
agents; clearing $175 to $250 per month; has two
large American horses, four large wagons; this Is
one or the best openings in the city for an active
| man. OEO. STEWART, 602 Market st.
| 0?l "iOO SALOON AND LIQUOR-STORE —
I HPLO\J\J. — BKST CORNER IN THE CITY—
! ESTABLISHED 20 ifEABS .
j OWNER RETIRING. WHAT WILL YOU
— GIVE? _
For sale only by DECKER, 1020 Market
OLD ESTABLISHED BAKERY; BAKES 2%
\J barrels* day ; 2 fine horses and wagon; large
store and outside trade: will sell cheap on account
of death in family; trial given. SKIFF, 921 Market.
ffl>l9^ BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY-
,! *H)i 4.0. store; rent $15. SKIFF, 921 Market
(JJJ7P.A FINE LARGE D >ÜBLE TEAM, !
I 0 I O\J. with 2 steady hduses in city. 1 in Fort-
land and 1 In Seattle to haul for: this is a rare
chance; business paying from $150 to $300 per
month. Inquire of WILLIAM BROWN, 408
Davis st
VARIETY-STORE; FINEST LOCATION IN
V Hay wards: good trade; will aell for $800 or
invoice; other business cause of selling; call and
investigate. F. HOOSON, Hay wards; or apply
at Call Office. 1 :■■"■'
1 ADY WITH MEANS WOULD LIKE GUN-
Xj tleman partner "to help purchase fine-estab-
lished business: will furnish raual amount money;
capital required $1500. X.. box 15, Call Office.
■pARTNi-.R W ANTED— OLD-ESTABLISHED
X contracting business: pays from $100 to $l£>o
each: must be steady and reliable; references ex-
changed. C. E., box 25, Call Office.
F YOU HAVE A PATENT OR INVENTION
of any kind for sale or need capital call at Hall
of Inventions. Academy of sciences building,
room J., ".bird floor; op^n evenings.
ICYCI.E-STOi AND MACHINE-SHOP;
well established; complete stock of bicycles,
sundries, tools, vulcanizer. oven, etc.: opportunity
for a machinist. 1113 Market st - ■..-'■
©OKfW\ BEST PAYING BUSINESS IN-
*JTOtjyf\f, vestment in San Francisco; station-
ery, notions, etc.; established 1889; must be sold.
Address P., box 35, Call Office.
}?OR SALE— HALF INTEREST IN OLD- I
. established corner liquor-store and bar: near
City naiL Call at 103 Powell st. HILBERT \
BROS. . .;:-•,■
|A|| STATIONERY, NOTIONS, CIGARS, !
<p-?\_M'. etc.; will sell by inventory; connected ]
I with leading hotel ; Market st HE ALY.23 Kearny. |
$~^.\ AVERAGE WEfc-KLY NET "LmOME i
l O $250 invested: safe, conservative; prospec- I
tvs, prows, free. F. DALY, 1293 Broadway, N. t. j
1 T AN HOUR'S NOTICE a. < owan buys !
rt stores: negotiates mortgages on merchandise: I
sells on commission. Room 15.25 Montgomery. I
I?>ULLY EQUIPPKDPKINTING-OFFH E; JOB
I r and book work; cost $5000: sell *-_'O00: receipts
j $500 month. Address A. A., box 15, Call Office.
\\r ANTED— PARTNER in A safe and
'• rapidly extending business; must have at
I least $15.000. Apply W. P., box 62, Call Office.
• OR S \LE— FIRST-CLASS LIQUOR-SALOON
and wlnebouse: must sell cheap on account of
other business. Inquire at 541 California st. :
S9-.O BUTCHER - SHOP; CHEAP FOR
— i»'\J. cash: first-class location: low rent; boat
I chance offered In city. Apply Call Office.
j p ROCKRY AND BAR FOR BA.L.K: . KEPT BY j
1 'I present owner tor eleven years; price $600.
SW. cor. Twenty-sixth and Bartlett sts.
i Q97 X SALOON; LIVI KG -ROOMS AND I
I *4i?— ' • «J. cigar-stand: near Market st ; more than !
j value in si.tn. A; p y Ca)iuffice.
: ; T/UTCHER, WHO IS ,\ " .SO a BUSINESS !
! XJ man. can buy a half interest in well-equipped
j market at 1105-1107 Mission st.
LD-EsTaBIJsIijSD CIGAR-STORE, finf-
ly lo<ated. for sale on account of leavinz the ;
j city. .- Call at 206 TUlrd st. * \ |
, tJKA , KY BAKERY, j
<1PI^.I». laundry office; 30 chickens. KOVi- ■
MAN, 978 Howard st. i
I lou sale-laundry ROUTE. ST. nicho" '
' bet Laundry, Seventeenth su, near Folsom,
beu 9 acd 10 a. m. '
I rpOBCT^ OR SELL A POULTRY RANCH OR i
I X business of any kind see E. HILL, 997 Market ■
, 1 St., room 5. .
Q^OO, CORSER GROCERY and bar i
l^clll off HV " Onl: 1^" 6111 - C - **& \
I "DAKERY AND NOTIONS; NEAR VALEN- j
I Ca/oflTce. P ° t; SOOd bnslne bargain. Apply !
! VTEWSPAPERKOUTK IN INTERIOR CITY"
I t2s^ to SaQ Francisto - For p«^S« £S
! Ht I (10 RESTAURANT; MUST BE T>T*v
I i VV. the 25th; goodreasont 1135 Market.
1 ADY FROM EAST DESIRES GENTLEM Vv
XJ P artner L small capnal. 86^ Market rl'2
ROUTE ON EXAMINER : FOR~ slfp T v
quire at 1219 Guerrero st, j^^^fnn^-
: .^filiO ° k OC:EKY AND BAR; UNK COR"
ncr: must selL DECKER 1020 Market
("IANDY-.-TORE AND FACTO V- A Rah!
j V> gain: g(O j stock. Apply Call Office,
i / >OKNr.R GKOCERY AND BAR:' NO OPPOSE
! ti0 P: no agents Inqu re at Call Office
MERCHANDISE Sj'J O> Ks AND FiVTf »n«
1 i A DyFKOM CUBA DESIREb GENTLFMAN
. L Partner; small capital. 9 Powell st. room A>
! G"isi ri *f i - V i>AKrNE " wanted by
• ,VJ lady of some means. . l Fifth st, . room 12.
BUSINESS CHANCES-Contlnned. .
"vfoTICE-DON'T MIS 3 THESE BARGAINS
IN Saloon, 3 rooms, pays well, price ..... -^50
Corner grocery and bar, 4 rooms. ......—■■ -f S O n
Cor. saloon, Kearny St.. clears slso month.. slBoo
Grocery and bar, clears $76 per month *750
Restaurant clears $80 per month .-.— *iL°
Eranch bakery, 4 rooms, cheap •• ££'£
Corner cigar-store, clears $60 per month *-»«
Lodulne-i'ouses. Pr ces from $150 to vivvv
To buy or sell. tee GUS STitAND, 45 Third at
"SToTTTii PARTNER WANT II IN MEAT
if) 800. market: sure to clear $300 month; fine
horses, wagons, etc.: bargain. GUS bTRAND,
45 Third St. ''
OHT OP; BARBER SHOP ON MARKET ST.;
{fl^O. make offer. OUS STRAND. 45 Third.
l)-f\ PARTNER WANTED IN A CASH
_OU. commission business; clears $160 per
month; see to-day. GUS STRAND, 46 Third st.
1 ADY DESIRES A GENTLEMAN PARTNER;
J j $35 capital. 12 Mason St., room 2.
LOK SALE— A FIRST-CLASS SALOON. CALL
-T at 114O'F»rrelsU: H. HAAR.
IVE SALOON; GOOD DAY AND NIGHT
trade. 817 Kearny. ■
ROUTE FOR SALE ACROSS THE BAY. IN-
quire at Call Office.
C"iENTLEMAN PARTNER WITH SMALL
VT capital wanted by lady. 8 M Howard, room 14.
LOUGING-HOHisKS FOX SALE^
I OFFER FOR SALE THIS DAY —
FOR CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS— —
THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS -
27-room house. $700| 22-room house.... $500
10-room house. 1501 24 rooms, corner.. 750
56 rooms, cor. 3,000 114 rooms onSuUer 700
11 rs., must sell 200 66 rooms.best city. 3,600
15 rooms, new. 1,250 31-room house.... 1,400
27 rooms, new. 3,000 110 rooms, corner.. B,ooo
200 rooms,hotel.slo,ooo| 11 rooms, only 75
35 rooms,centrl 2,600 10 rooms.Jones st. 300
—I SELL AND EXCHANGE REAL ESTATE—
— AND BUSINESS PLACES OF ALL KINDS
H. C DKCKJgR. 1020 Market st, opp. Fifth.
1 A KOOMS. $126,19 ROOMS. ...... $760
IV 45 rooms 525 60 rooms. 2,000
14 rooms, Sutter. 600 22 rooms.. 450
. 66 rooms, fine... 8,250 12 rooms 225
132 rooms, new 7,500 84 rooms 1,500
UN DERWOOD A CO., 766 Market st
©/I F.f\ 20 OM8": FULL; BENT $35:
<3pa:OV/. soap.. See SKIFF, 921 Market st
A Q-ROOM HOTEL, CLEARING $200 EACH
3:0 month. For sale by DECK ER, 1020 Market.
pORNKR HOUSE, 45 ROOMS, ON bUTTER
\J St., clearing $200 per month above expenses:
rent $126 : death In family cause of sale. WILKE,
531 California su
GiUnn LODGING-HOUSE; 23 ROOMS;
tS)V \J\J. good furniture and carpets: clears $75.
STENBERG CO.. 632 Market st .
BURNISHED HOUSES: 12 TO 130 ROOMS;
X 1 $300 to $10,0U0. PHELPS A CO., 917 Larkin.
1 ODGING-HOUSE 11 ROOMS FOB SALE
XJ cheap.- 233 Third at.
11" KMT FOB SALE.
I"~?ilßE**SAlXl
1 Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets ...,.................-$1833
Bed lounges 800
5t0ve5....... 760
Carpets, per yard ...-■ 65
Linoleum, per yard. 65
Matting, per yard 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till auch time we axe conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission ats. J.
NOON AN. ■■
IpOR SALE— COMPLETE FURNITURE OF 10-
--C room house, in whole or part; must sell im-
mediately. Apply at 019 a Valencia st.
JflH CARPETS: CHAMBER SETS. $14;
" v/" stoves, $5: parlor gets, 820: folding-beds,
$10; bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY, 764 Mission.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOB
J\ lowest prices on household crnoda. new or good
»fnew:ca«n or time. open ev^nm -'«
I'UKNITUItE WANTED.
ASH paid foii ENTIRE HOUSES OR
. smaller lots of furniture, carpets, etc. J.
BOWCHER, 222 Stockton; send postal.
ri>O SELL ITU RE Tt 1 A D V A NT AGE TRY
1 M. SI L V KKST r. IN, 969 Howard st -.send postal
"DUCKING HAM t'UK.ITLKii CO. PAYS
X# htghefi' price for furniture, carpets, eta : send
postal. 866 Mission st. ' ■
IF YOU WANT GOOD PKICES FOR FURNt-
ture and merchandise see BURP, 211 Larkia.
DIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
XJ. SIMMONS' auc. Co.. 3057 Market, paya cash
CARPET CLEANING.
"/TiDVAlsu^~cTß^E^'^Ll:AmsfG^C^r^O2
Asntter, tel. Main 394. 8 S. FERGUSON.mausr.
ONES A CO.. MAIN OFFICE 25 AND 27
Eighth St.; teL Jessie lQol.
3C A YARD AT GREAT WESTERN CARPET
0 C.eanlng Works. 11 Eighth st -
Cn.-MU'cT CLtANINti, 3c; LAYING. 3c. : RUC*
' samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 Bth si.
V\' HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
TT poor work send to HPAUL DING'S PfoneerCar-
pet Beating Works, 353-&7 Tehama st ; teL So. 40.
/ AONKLIN'SCAKPKT Ij>.ATl.\U WOKKsi. JJi
KJ Ciolilt-n Gat<- aye.: telephone east 126.
/ MTV STEAiI CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
\J tine. 88 Bth. STEVENS, mirr. TeL south "255.
ARPET3 CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON A CO.. 23 Tenth; t«u
south a* p. mackintosh a co.. successors.
1 E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. iU
»l . It'll T'-'t-anm; :■<■- h ■••Rr-i '\t\ Mission 1 L
BICYCLES.
SECOND-HAND BAR . aTxb; CRA^VFORtT
O S3O: Barnes, $55; Ben Hur, Ladies', S5O; Fow.
ler, $56: Ladles' Fowler '-96," a bargain; also
others. DAVIS BROS., 23 Geary st.
TTIGH-GRADE 2D-HAN D WHEKLS $25 UP;
XX sundries below cost. 216 McAllister.
VERY FtNK '96 BICYCLE FOR *20. DaVID
V N. HAWLEY, 31» Market st
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO l^ET 7
1 best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Ma-
Allister and Powell st <-nr Ilnpa.
i"OK SALE— MISCJiLLANEOCS.
OIGH GRADE GUITAR; CHEAP. 16% SUmI
XX mersu
9 FRISH FAMILY COWS FOR SALE. AP-
ply 421 Eighth aye., near Point Lobos.
A ATION A L CASH REGISTER, COST $300.
XI wiil sell for $100. R. NICHOLS, 1191 Market.
V OR SALE-TWO BEAUTIFUL SPANISH
X poodle pups (pet dogs). Apply at 224% O'Far-
rcll 9t»
T.-'OR SALE— BEAUTIFUL FANCY PIGEONS
T cheap. 841 Castro st
TANDARD REMINGTON TYPEWRITER
>-- No. 2: in excellent condition; must be sold.
First Serjeant Battery E, Fifth Artillery, Fort
Mason, Cal.
rpHOROUGHBRED ENGLISH MASTIFF
X pups for sale cheap. 967 Market st
YEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST
1> W. S. RAY MFG. CO., 12 California st OA>
BAUS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV
Ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 .Mission, nr. 7th.
C"IOKFEE MILL, SCALES, LETTER PRES<
• stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. 102 Clay.
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AN D RVT~
U tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First at-
near Mission. -r.TvT
OPLENDID REMINGTON TYPEWRITER?
0 $45: others from $20 up. REVALK. 409 Ceo.
j ., I RsfKNGINEs, 2D-HANDM ACHINKBY
1 > waterplpea. Mclntoah A Wolpman. 187 Bealel
flOUVlKlta, >H X l V 1- V - hHOWCA»E3
V bars bough: A sold. 1121 Markt.bet 7th A Sta
A LL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
-n. cost; hood tops. $5 50 up: repairing; open
evemngs. S. F. Baby Carriage Mfg. Co. 442 Sixth.
9 HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN7
— glne: good as new; $90. Apply 215 Bay st
. UILDINUS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASH&s"
coors. mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
QSJC silAi.i. .VIKDii M ...\;, LARGE SIZS
1r " ■' " -■ " ■ ' ■ ""'in Mirlt«; 4 -
SEWING MACHINES.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD. EXCHANGED,
; -^ rvn-.-rl. rppoirpd: lowest rates. -JOSFonnh^U
! n HORSES.
T E.BOLD HARNESS COMPANY: 500 SETS
i X J of good harness, our own make, of ever.- de-
scription, tor less money than you can buy Eastern
, trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st , S. .
i F««n S Al M X "i.- 11 ' P AD Tt AM OF BLACKS,
i X standard bre 1 Eclectics: also standard-bred bay
mare b, t.ros well broken; must be sold, or wdl
Ibe exchanged or pacers. Can be seen at 347
I Fremont st, and trial given.
! 1 •" FORRK TER7~SAI7ESMAX-2O DRIVING
! J-. and workhorses; 11 hones bought and sold
on commission; •* I s caa 'be ' made at reasonable
j terms according to times. 426 Valencia st.
Tl H n;, EMPOBIUM SALES YARDS, 220 V A.
•til «S l V'-l iS the lace t0 8° »* you want to buy.
sell or , exchange horses, bug.-U,, wagons or ha£
neas: auction sales eveiy Saturday at 11 o'clock.
50 HEAD DRIVING A^D WOUtv HORSES;
OV weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st
150 ness, ? all kinds; wagons, onggies, surrtv,,
rockaways. carts; must De sold. Mission'^
rockaways, carts ; must ; be sold. 1 1 -^8 Missions-.
I A. ,' X YOUNG KRAFTHORSES; HALTKB
-»-< broken; cheap; Hyde ranch. 650 CommerciaL
fSOO b> l KW A - SECOND-HAND HAS-
* "}/ ness: all kinds; buggy.wagon. carts, surrey
I A rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
40 HORSES iott SALE; ALSO WAOONi
buggies carts, harness: Grand Arcade Ho.-m
market , S £7 Slx.h st ; auction sales every Wedn**-
cay. MLi.IV- A- P-<V|.K. A u.-:ion^JW
WAOONS AND CARRIAGES. "
YEW AND ÜBCOkrvHANZ) BAKERS', LACn"-
-\ •/«' mk k "° a B roct>r y wagns: also roci; away
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st
•VTEW A SECOND-HAND WAGONS:BAKEKY*
IN laundry and delivery; cheap. 414 Broadway.
K°. .*? Al^ £ '; AT EASTERN . PRICKS. FINK
1 carriages ot every dese lption; cash, notes or
installment*. CatviU Mig Co, 46-48 8& nil *•B 55^£51^l. to £_TJ' •'
$ 1 5^ ON T I '\- Y ouR~HE^Tf'wTLT~PA' : i ;
Vl? *-*J fora nice 5-room cottSJte- house built to
. S2M_2S._oSS? ! ™™ a * « 2 »0 «> VsoS
> e^^g, L a°f^ 7:10%g^ COrnerMiBsio "- °»> en
.^7f) * DCC * I > FROM $90 -FINE NEW
J^Tfi . and modern residence. of 18 rooms: 2
oaths, etc; excellent location for private boarding-
nouse or residence: close to Van Ness and Post st:
a positive bargain: liberal Inducements to respon-
*»«>•• SHAINWALD. BUCKBEB -CO.,
Montgomery st
IHI 4 VALLE JO, NEAR GOUGH — NEW
C~ i -*- * house: tine marine view; 10 rooms and
bath; modern improvements; rent very reason-
able to suitable tenant
LEGANT SUNNY HOUSE, 8 ROOMS: MOD-
J-J em improvements; rent reasonable. 818 Mc-
Allister st ' '
y-STORVHOU->EB ROOMS AND BATH: $25
*J and water. 625 Octavia at, near Hayes.
Cj 1 A Ri-AR HOUSE: 5 KOOMS ANDCEI-
<pX\J. lar. Inquire 724% Howard si., near
Third.
"o ROOMS; BATH. 17 HAMPTON PLACK,
vJ off Folsom St.. bet Second ana Third.:
<5t9H 2814, LAGUNA ST.: HOUsK 6 ROOMS.
W— c'« $14—1831 Union St.: house 4 rooms.
OUSKi* TO UK NT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN _ HAMMOND'S. 10
Montgomery st. .■■ ,■ ; .; .
FURNISHED HOUSES.
7-ROOMED HOUSK, FURNISHED OR UN-
' furnished. 1312 Pine it.
COTTAGES TO LET. ~~~
pOTTAGE 5 ROOMS B A T^lTs^'aßLeTy A D" !
\J large basement; rent $15. 107 Germania si ' I
near Filimore.
UNN V COTTAGES. 4 AND 5 ROOMS. buh'
yard and stable. fifteenth and Dolores sts.
TO 6 KOOM NICE FLATS AND COTTAGES-
SIO to $15. BPECK&CO J _6o2 Market st
1 K99 TURK— COTTAGE 4 ROOMS; ALSO 8-
X * J — — room rear cottage: large stable.
9W94. mission-splendid" cottage~B
--'. — roomsand bath: yard: flower gitrden: $18.
I'L.ATS TO LET.
41 q S T£ v2NBolf^H7Ju^E^n^MTljr2
$25 water B fwl Wly PSPered: 1 "-*: lar e yard;
1 1 "SI GUEKRERO, COKNER TWENTY*
«12. fol i rth — *■ 6 »nd 7 °° mS: sunny flaw;
•i-, *io and $18.
SI X SUNN"V FLAT 6 ROOMS, BATH AND
<? <J. yard. 1724 Folsom st.near Thirteenth.
"IF YOU WANT -A. NICE SUNNY- FLAT. OR
J- cottage, see me; I have some nice furnished
cottnges to leu T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
118 ASH AYE " t)hT VAN NESS, NR. McAL-
i- 1 cj lister— lo»er flat, 3 rooms, bath.
V LaT "-'*■ 6 LARGE ROOMS WITH ALL
-I modern improvements. 2115 Howard st, near
Seventeenth. -  r
Gi 1 7 NEW LIGHT BAY-WINDOW FLAT
w-ltt rms: bath, gas, tubs. 909 Folsom.nr.6th.
C DALE PLACE, OFF U(iLD>:.\ GATE AYE.,
*-- bet Leavenworth and Hyde— B rooms and bath.
EDUCED TO $16: NICE 4- ROOM FLATS*
J ■*> 12 and 22 Birch aye., oft' Larkin St., opp. City
Hall; newly papered and decorated. MiAIS-
WALD, BUCKBKE _ CO,, 218 and 2*o .Mont-
gomery st. -; -.
9 LOVELY FLATS, 4 AND 5 ROOMS, BATH",
— • gas: large yards; In perfect order: 4 rooms,
$13; 5 rooms, $15; water free- 3928-3930 Nine-
teenth st. bet Nog and Sanchez.
"V ICE SUNNY FLATS OF -i OK 6 ROOMS AND
-»-» bath: reasonable. 6 Dearborn st, off Seven-
teenth, above Valencia.
AA'ANIED-200 GOOD TENANTS; KKNTB.
'» from $10 up tor flats, cottages. SPECK <t
CO., 602 Market st
Tj»LATS TO KENT FOR VKRY LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN _ HAMMOND'S, 10
■Montgomery st ;. .
4] >: i FLAT 4 ROOMS; 21 BITCH, NR. FOL-
C- 1 -*-*' som. Apply to H. PLANZ. 625 Geary »t,
IF YOU WANT TO KENT OR SELL A HOUSE
see GKO. W. H. PATTERSON <fc CO.
'PPi-.R F-.AT OF 4 KUOMS A.SD BATH: 2
bay-win lows; sunny side Lily aye. ; rent $14.
418 Vs Lily aye.
Q SUNNY FLATS; 4 AND 3 ROOMS EACH;
O $11, $10 and 89. 2041 Harrison, opo. 18th-
TTPPKRFLAT, 6 ROOMS: BATH; CELLAR;.
U opposite Lurllne Baths. Key 1212 Larkln. ,
*>1 78 FIFTEENTH ST., NEAR M.\HKET-
—X i sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath; $14.
mWO labor SUNNY ROOMS, WASHROOM,
X large yard; for housekeeping. 23 Elgin Park.
9 ELEGANT FLATS NKAK CITY HALL; 4
— • and 5 rooms. 6 and 713 Grove st.
Cli CHuIC- SUNNY 4 ROOMS. 1120 a
<jT -L • Broadway.
V? 1| A 1UI:K. Rc.AK — SUNNY, UPPER
• '— ' ' flat: ail 1i • ri • looms: rent $12.
llO.LS_K.i;_Pl>-O KOU3IS.
V-VW I-d"d^Btreetr"'^ p
9]O F.DDY— 2 CONNECTING BOOMS, $9, IN
— ' i O rear; 2 single, sonny rooms, 96.
Q-l p. KDDY-3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
OX *J private family; fine location; gas range.
Ol 7 EDDY— 2~OB~3"NICELY~FURnTsHED
OX I housekeeping room*; private family.
Eighth Street.
1 AQ EIGHTH— NICE -UN.NY FURNISHED
J- \JO front room; light housekeeping; cheap.
EIHS Street.
■ ■ ' ' ■ — — . - - -'V I--'' 'I
fiOQ ELLIS, COR. LARKIN- SUNNY BAY-
\JiJO window; kitchen; waur; gas stove; bath.
1 ilth Street.
Ql A FIFTH— LARGE SUNNY FRONT BED-
Oil room and kitchen; bath; yard; no chil-
dren; $11. , ■:■■; ■■!■
v-tfcry .-ir<9<9..
A-i Q GEARY — NEWLY FURNISHED
"1 J O rooms; comple. e for housekeeping; $10
upward.
G»99 til) FwR ADULTS; 6 KOOMS. BATH:
O~— •<-"/. all necessaries; 2 beds; reference
required. 1917 Geary st.
v. v.ay.c.l i>ate Ateuub.
IKIA GOLDEN GATE A YE.-FINELY FUR-
-I »^i- V nished bay-window alcove; housekeep-
ing privileges: $iO. : •
Ilaight Street. ~
99 A HAIOHT — SUNNY FURNISHED
_._.V rooms for housekeeping.
Harriet Street.
9Q HARRIET — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
Ay housekeeping; also single.
Harrison Street.
7QQ HARRISON— NICELY FURNISHED
i OU rooms for housekeeping; no children.
iiuwunt Htfmt,
HACK HOWARD RUNNY FRONT ROOM.
I ttU with kitchen, furnished for housekeeping:
rent 12.
091 HOWARD — SUITE OF P.OOMS FOR
C_. i housekeeping: 2 beds; 96 a week.
1 1 A'} HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT HOUBE-
Xxrx£i keeping rooms; range: $10 to $12.
II A A HOWARD— FRONT HOUSEKEEPING j
±l^r_ suites; $10 and $15. i
I t}£.A HOWARD — LARGE SUNNY BAY-
J — «J*± window room, suitable for housekeeping;
cheap. I
1 ?^99 HOW FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
i OZ.£ housekeeping; upper flat, sunny rooms. ■
ijytie Street.
c 1 A HYDE. NEAR GEABY— SUNNY FUR-
• '11 nished rooms for housekeeping; also single
rooms. • ; • .. ■-.■■-■; . ■ --
. Jackson Street.
QQA JACKSON, NEAR MASON — FUR-
oJLvt Dished sunny front, -large housekeeping
room, $9; single $4. — .
Lewis Street.
1 n LEWIS, OFF TAYLOR. NEAR POST— 3
_0 nnfnrniahed snnny upstairs rooms ; $1 1.
. Mason -Street.
one MASON— THREE OR FOUR NICELY
* .)_U furnished sunny housekeeping rooms, with
bath. ; . >
J.IUUH ..'-«..•
A r.A MINNA — 2 FURNISHED BOOMS FOR
ttO_ hounekeepiug: separate entrance. . .
jjlrA.lin - l«» .
TASK. AND 1063 MISSION — CHEAPEST
lUOO aod clea-iejt houseke»j»tnt[: and others.
1 COO FUK.MSHED ROOMS FOR
1 O__< hou«ekeeplpg: upper flat, sunny rooms.
Nitiunia Street.
-HI ATOM A, FURNISH ED
fill or unlurnlshed rooms for housekeeping;
reasonable. >
~~ Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MAKKET, OPP. OCTAVIA—
O Front and back parlor: furnished for housekpg.
iuik btreet.
rr, a POLK ST.—* BOOMS AND BATH; »J3.
t .i.. «i > r«*e-. •
19,1 SIXTH - ROOMS~FURNISHED FOR
X £*! housekeeping; elegant sunny suites and
tingle rooms. " i
0 .. SIXTH — a FINELY FURNISHED
_J44 front rooms: comple housekeeping: $14.
bixteentli Street.
Ooh'O SIXTEENTH ST.. CORNER HOW-
• UZ ard—Two sunny front rooms famished
for housekeeping; $11- ' ■ _____»——
. &oath JParK. .
n a south PARK- HOUSEKEEPING AND
I sinitle rooms; furnished aud uniurneheU;
reaaooabie. '-■ '
HOU9-KEEPIXG KOQMB - Contlnaed.
Tenama Street. ~ *
Oqq TEHAMA - SUITE AND BIVOI
336 sunny room, Or housekeeping: refsoSf. |
1— enty- sixth btreut.
3355 twenty- "Sixth ■— FURNISHED
$4 and ?5 lOr h0 ' JSe *eepln g , $U t« $10; single
■ — * ' ' "' - " •■- -
Valencia Street : H
1135 y* L . ENCIA -EXTRA NICE HOUBE-
batb^unny?rey n O m ie: UnfUrnlShe<l:2or4;wUll
\ «... .y,-*K Avnaue,
232 V -^^, NESS SUNNY ROOMS;
sTrujlT complete for housekeeping: also sunny
- KOOSXS TO LIST.
1 tidy Mreo..
71 Q B , DD Y — FURNISHED ROOM; RUN- j
*_ X %J nlng water; lower floor: $5 per month.
1940 KIlDy . CORNER BUCHANAN— ELK-
.•tj , !int » sunny front suite; also nicely fur-
nlahed single room, cheap.
■• '--.'•I h llus.i
OnKKMA.t ArAKi.ME.NT jfou&B. V* RTH
i- t... pear Market: {ornlMheil and unfurnished.
*.•► st -eg,,
RAMOTA. ISO ELLIS: MW KATK %
-•- HART, manager— A quiet house: oentr«Uly !o-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot cold water.
091 ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR- FOR BEST
ix lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
791 ELLIS— LARi.E SUNNY ROOM;' GAS;
*—•■*- bath: suitable for two; rent $8.
i>eary Street.
X"I Q GEARY— RENOVATED AND NEWLY
Of uru'd sunny hanasomeparlors;sult«s, single
91 7 GEARY— 3 SUNNY ttUOMs IN REAR;
_yX I cottage: key premises. ■■--',>.%"-
-tiolilen date Avenue.
I F;i a GOI.DKN GATE AYE.— PLEASANT
I X\J sunny rooms in a private family. ;, *~r
oougn s reel.
1 IKTW gouoh— LARGE SUNNY pleasant
J.VJW«Jroom; new furniture; board optional;
private family.
■)one» sreni,
907 .*onfs« — the VAX •WJ— KI.K:' SEW
•— " I xuanacempnt-. elegant sunny unite* ana
tingle: newly turnlihed: bath, *tc: «10 10 sail.
" - «-«vrn*r '•!«».. ■
O(\ FURNISHED SUNNY SUITE,
OU single rooms; e.ectric lights: transient so- i
j Ildted. • ■
v I.LINOTON HOUSE, 127 KKAKNY -
S\ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; ilrst
class in every respect; terms reasonable. --■■.
»-»i-hm street
AOH LARKIN-NICELY FURNISHED AND
~l—O sunny rooms, suite or single ; housekeeping
if desired.
->- ukr - .i«o .
pUSTER, 906 MARKET AND 9 ELLIS— SIN
\J gle front room-, and suites: 60c to $1 60 per
night; $3 to $6 per week; offices 10 let.
VObEMITB HOUpK. 1044 MAKKKT — PKK
X night 35c to $1 : week. $1 60 10 $6: families.
JicAllitiipi- street.
99f\l McALLIST_r] OPP, CITY HALL-
— — »'!« Large sunny furnished and unfurnished
rooms; suitable for ofilces; ai so 2 suites.
A^'> MCALLISTKR— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
"— ■— room: running water, pas, bath. --^'. ■
.11 mn a street.
CCin MINNA, CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY '
\J\J i furnished bay-window rooms; »1 perweek. |
....*»;«•! 7ZZ7.
X 47 MISSION — NEWLY FUBNISHKI)'
O~X i rooms by day, weeK or month, 25c to $1 !
Per day. j
Ci\*J MISSION — N ICELY FURNISHED
VJIO rooms,lsc to 50c per night: $ltos2aweek. 1
7I Q MISSION— TO LET, A FINE FUR-
IXO nished front room for two.
. ife Pine Street.
O'-ll PINE-FURNISHED ROOMS IN NEW
! OIL ly furnished flat; bath.
1 £v9'-* FINE -L A ROE BAY-WINDOW;
JLtJ— front room; also 2 large back rooms.
x'o-it Street.
I 9O^ POST-THIS BUILDING IS MOST CEN- j
I +-'JO trally located, and has the best appointed j
j offices ami apartments in the city; it has been 1
thoroughly renovated: every room laree, light and
I airy; all modern conveniences, elevator, telephone.
71 •_> POST— SUNNY -FURNISHED BuOJlS ;
I XtJ en suite or single, private bath. . . . _;
rowell Street.
919-214 POWELL (WILLISFORD>— EN.
— I— tirely renovated throughout; newly fur-
nished rooms: en suit* or single: terms reasonable.
second Street.
91 7 SECOND - LARGE SUNNY FRONT
*U-I room, suitable- for two; also stogie: $1 up.
se\entn street.
1 49 SEVENTH- PLEA ANT ROOMS FOR
- 1 *'- housekeeping; also single rooms.
MXtu IHtMU
00 BIXTH— ELEGANT ROOMS: NEW FIRE-
-00 proof building; all conveniences; quiet.
Sixteenth Street.
9Q99 SIXTEENTH— SUNNY FURNISHED
—O— rooms, with or without housekeeping.
Stockton street.
T^UROPEAN (THE). 17 ! STOCKTON— FUR. i
XJ nished suites, $4 to $lO;;sln(;le rooms. $1 50 to ]
$3 week; We to $2 night ; hoc and cold running !
water In every room: baths: e.evator; transient.
V..'*-' . Uiier r««.,
OfiO PUTTKR-FURN. ROOMS OR SUITES, i
QUO $1 25 to $10 wfc: night 250 to $1 50: transl. j
1111 BUTTER — NICELY FURNISHED
J- J- -I rooms, suite and single; reasonable.
lay lor Street.
1 (\Q TAYLOR— LARGE DOUBLE ROOMS, |
X\JO closets, etc, $2 perweek; single, $1 25.
f*l 9 TAYLOR— 2 SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
vJX_. also suite; rent reasonable.
\ *.v Ness Aveuue.
CIO VAN NESS LARGE. SUNNY
OXO room anil kitchen: $12. .
BOARDING AND BOOMS.
: d JBOA juTin bkspeoTable" "prF-
XV vate family: lady preferred; reasonable. 601
Dolores st, near Twentieth.
7«»7 ELLIS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
t i •-» I parlors or single; use or piano; board op-
| tional.
I 91 Ol SIXTH — LARGE ROOM: SUITABLE
i —J. — U for two: excellent board; $15; private.
71 9 POST — ONE NICELI FURNISHED
* 1— room, with board, suitable for two young j
men ; use of parlor and piano: $20 each.
! h(|Q BUSH ST. — STUDENTS AND BUSI- I
i O\Jtj ness men can have first-class room and
I board for $20 a month with private family; half a
I bock from California Hotel; reference given and
I required. . ■■•■.. ■ ■..
I 9QI ?. CLaY, NR. DKVISADKRO— SUNNY
— 0 1-/ room: use of parlor: board $20, or $40
for two; gas, bath: Eddy or 6aeramento-st cars.
1 (\l\Q -OKVJ&ADKKO— FURNISHED ROOMS
XOXIQ with board: $20 per month. ■ •
At) A EDDY— SUNNY NEWLY FURNISHED
T<tit rooms: beautiful house; excellent table;
reasonable. . .
HCTr.i. Bhi\'l_l.\<*. il4 IiUKH-A FAMILY
hotel; references given »uu re<iulr«d; tliiuM-
»---» conveniences. _^ '.
CUILDKKN I BOARDED.
INFANT OR SMALLCHILD; QUIET, HAP-
X py, sunny nome: mother's tender caro: 2 ladies;
large yard: near Golden Gate Park. 1636 Grove.
STOUKS TO LET.
OtTcLEMESi'T i NA-S IO R^^^l^^KoOMS;
At) bath fixtures; cheap rent.
I AROB SI\)RE, WITH UP-TO-DATE FRONT
XJ and dhow-windows; located 420 Sutler bt.
Apply to R MCELROY. 4 Phelnn building.
ornoiH to __t. ,
KNTAL OR" OT^rhTrr^oFFICK: CHJtTAr^
cor. Polk and Sntter; also rooms. 1141 Polk.
C CALIFORNIA AND LEIDESDORFF (L. AND
) L. and O. building— Sunny offices: light, water,
heat and Janitor services free: rlectric elevator;'
rent from $10 up. Apply 422 California st . ■ .
JUNK OFFICES: 23 KEARNY ST.; BUITA-
£ bleforanjr business.
PRKCKKLS BUILDING. 927 MARKET -
Elegant inonv offices. $12 50 np; electno-liche:
heating and Janitor service free. Apply at building
oru. H. UMBSEN A '<>.. 14 Montgomery 01.
~~ TO LEASE.
i~jvssr_« ?^Troir__A hT^&o^vXb A LOT " »eT
cor. Polk and Jackson sts.: rent $60 per
month. Address J. .S . 427 Santome nt, S. F. ■ ■'
■- PKOKKSSIONAL CARDS. ~"
'fVHN'K/iVICIVARD"^£Tw''oFi l icES. ROOMS
J 26 and 27, Crocker building; telephone Maiu
75, Ban Francisco, Oal. •
OUNIt AITKKN ANDMAURICKL. ASHER.
attys a: l»w. mi» 515.516. 5 Ii Moor. Parrott bldit.
~~~ STOKAGK.
S"" TOItAOK^OHE^ PEBT^^T_rrTcTTVrFiRhC
proof ou lid log: advances made. 811 Larltlu. -■■
FURNITURE, - pTANOJi TRUNKS: Ai>
' vancta, Khlpplns. Lh.A.O. L, TAYLOK,2O4Poju
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDyESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1896.
■ PERSON AXS. ;
vi arc MAIL ME PAWN TICKETS AND
ii keys and I will snail you f 10; bo Questions
ssked.
\ OUNG .MAN WoULD LIKE 1 0 JIKKT A
* 1 widow who has a room to let Address W. R.,
box 65, Call Office.  .... ..;
SALOON MAN WHO GOT BEAT LEAVE
address at 454 Jessle^t. at once.
MRS. -. THOMPSON, CHIROPODIST AND
manicure, 101 Grant aw., room 10. r
IL>DL_-A«ED MAN WOULD LIKE TO
meet widow who has a room to let. Address
H. P.. box 112, Call.
ETURNED— MME. ROLAND, TKACHErt
French language- 765 Market st, room 15.
LADY FKOM CUBA DESIRE« GENTIiKMAN
partner: small capital required. 9 Powell, r. 7.
DVICK FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPK-
cUlty; private; no charge unless successful: all
law salts, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOW_,atty-at-law. Market st.
T DKKSS HAIR FOR THOUSANDS OF LA-
■L dies every month; everybody satisfied: how
can they help being satisfied when they get such
good work for only 25c? I use "Quinonia" Hair
Tonic, 35c a bottle. O. LEDEKER. 11l Stockton.
Vf KS. SADIE EVANS'COSMESTIC PARLOK&
-ITX l)alr-dre»»lng,sbarnpooing: gent* 50c. 15 Eddy.
MYRTLE POTTER'S COSMKTU PARLORS*
■•■tJ manicuring; halrdresslng. 1362 a Market, r. 8
SUITS CLEANED AND PRESSED, $1. 26
Montgomery st.. rooms IS and 14; tel. red 2374.
"I ADY (STKAXi.ER) DESIRES GKNTLK-
XJ man partner; $'.'& capital. K. 2. 122 Post st.
URNETT'S CORN CURE— CURK FOR
corns, bunions, warts: 26a 327 Montgomery.
ATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
'» worK from the country solicited; rstiraates
c yen; artlcl' s returned if price Is not satisfactory:
all work warranted. J. N. BRITTAIN. 20 Geary.
AKTJNGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
A and Newspaper Illustrat.on; day and evenitii
ciasses: instructors. J. H. K. Partlnmon, Gertrude
artlngton. R. L. I'artlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
A I orris BERRY. FORMKR F o r k m A v
J'l Albert Miller's cloak store, has opened a busi-
ness at 14 McAllister, Rnn. 45-46: ladies , misses',
children's cloaks to order gunranteedilow prices
rpilk FINEST LINK OF REMNANTS-
X suit to order, $10; pants. $3. Cut Kate Tailor-
Ing Company, 1117 Market st, bet. 7th and bth..
'rr-RUNKS JiKLIVEUKD 25C. BAY CITY
■I- Transfer Company, 244 Sutter: tel. Grant 57.
AT THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR I)
. Institute, all rases trea:ed and medicines fur.
nished for $1; call or write. 1029Va Market su
bet, sixth and Seventh. San Francisco. CaL -
4 LL FACIAL KLKMISHKS, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckle. sc»rs, etc.. removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Tune, nr. Leavenwortn,
KAZUR-FIXING OUlt S-PKCIALIY: FINK
edge put on raxor.2sc. Rasor Kxchee. «3oMar ket
V KLVtT AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
* manufactures' cost. 20 Sansome n.. upstair*
OUTDOOH STr.RiiuPTICON SHOW liVJS-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ai-
vertl*emeut« In living light; promoters of ba»i-
cess. Consult oWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market it.
ELKCTBIO LIGHTS IN KVKRY ROOM I
«.« Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market
£00 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
wee*-, tree bus and baggage to nod from me terry-
LIBKIIAJj A J'V ANCIv-i ON DIAMOND.* JiivV-
>lr\-. etc.: lows: ratev t'4S Market R.
r\LD GOLD, SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIES'
\J clothing boorht COL MAN. 41 Sq. ccr. Je*i*>l»
_ DK_ssMAK_KS.
I ADIES. TO YOUR ADVANTAGE CALL
Xj at BRADLEY'S. 416 Vi Geary »t. : elegant
Btyllßh_dre<M»a mi de: $5 up: dresses marie over
SCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY^
OCIKNTiyiO ASTROLOGY— ALL EVKNTS OF
0 life foretold by the horoscope: advice on all
business: speculation my specialty, and business
men protected b.- my method '.success guaranteed:
oil and minerals located by the science. DR. ST.
CLAIR, 916 Market st. room 26; hours 9 to 7.
KNOW THY DESTINY: THE HEAVENS
can lift the magic veil of the future: horo-
op.-, $1. PROF. MOXROR. box 15. i all Office.
CLAIKVOYANTS.
GITANA, THK GYPSY QUEEN, 8 TUKK ST. ;
truthful In her predictions; reliable In her ad-
vice; no matter what troubles you may have, come
and she will cuide you right! no fake; satisfaction
guaranteed: orhce hours from 9 to 9.
4 RRIVKD— THE GREAT CLEOPATRA.
-cv. whose wonderful Egyptian astrological and
French clairvoyant carOsw. ill tell your whoie life;
ladles 25c: gen. 50c. 135 Hayes st, nr. Van Ness,
MMX. POUTER, WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, c«rd- reader, born v.-lth a douole vellanl
cecond sight; ladles 60c, gents $1; palmistry aal
clairvoyant sltticy* $1 60. 128 '1 urlt st, nr. Jose*
VI ME. PALMIST. CAhD-KEADER;
■^'1 pas;, present and future; 26c. 148 6th at, r. 5.
GYPSY LIFK-KEADKK, RKMOVKO FROM 5
Seventh to 11 Stockton: ladies li6c:e»ntB 50c
MME. RAVKNA READS LIFK FLUEnYIyT
business advice: names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth
meTsybili.e SHOWS PICTURE FU itke
husband, wife: ladles 26i-, 50c. 914 O'Farrell.
ME. MOKEAU, BEST MEDIUM: RKVEAL3
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard «t
\| Ait- _oi;_AU, Ur.or M_l)iCJd; KItVKAU
i'l past, present, future: 250 up. 764 Howard st
ME. SYBILLE SHOWS PICTURE FUTURB
husband, wife; ladies 25c, 50c. 914 O'Farrell.
T UCKY MEDinM; CARD-READER PALM-
JU Ist; love, marriage, etc.: ladles 25c. 243 snip-
ley st , near Fifth.
114 ME. SCHJJIbT, CLAIRVOYANT, TEL:
i" past, present and future: success to ail; for-
tunes by mall: low urices. ' 858 Mission st
MET LEG ETTK- P RESE XT. PAST AND
fotnre; 25c. 311Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
MMX DX. IhiMAS, CLAIRVOYANT: 25
yrs Kf»rnr. now 9V9 Post: fee »1 ■ letter 92.
M'IKIITALISJI.
A VERITABLh. Ut-EN AMONu Wa__sTs
MR^.DR. A. D. HOWR.
FKE ft _ UPWARD! FEE $1 * UPWARD'
HOPE. HELP. LOVE AND LUCK FO.t ALL'
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If m
read this and learn that life la yet worth llvlnst'
Mi'.s. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so maor
thousands on this roast in the ten years paat, ii
■gain at bar old office*, 1320 Market street, 8-t3
Francisco, and Is now as ready as ever to us*:*:
every euaenng mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; suocesi
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless: tns
separated are united; the sick made strong; the
poor become rich; If you think your husband, wire
cr lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poo- mortal*
who try 10 imitate her m the eternal heavens are
hieh above the earth. NEVER FAILS. ShoJoej
not know what failure means! Her -Revealed
Medicines" < (registered and copyrighted)' cure
every disease that human flesh Is heir la an I no
matter of how lons standing. Write if yo-4 caa*
not call, for treatment oy mall li always most au>
cessful and satlxfac ory. All letters answered.
_ ... . , Diseases diagnosed from a lock of tale. -
hh.b. tl _ UPWARD! FKF. $1 _ Li'VVARD
—US. DR. A. D. HOWK,
1320 Market «t-, odd. 6evenUa,
San Francisco.
OOf • MCALLISTER - MKa C. J. MEYER:
*J4j\J test meetings every night; 10c.; Toe <fe
Frl. 2 p.m.; buslneM sittings dally at above ft a $1
ml . A R K7N"-T~ P. M.: PKOPLE'S »-PlHlT-
uallsts' Society: Mr Hanywood, Julia
Schlessin^er, others; admission free. -
TEST MEKTINO TO-NIGHT. 10c; 33D M c L-
X lister st; Stilt, Bird, Clemens ikeptirs Invited.
T AD IKB' AID MEETS TO-DAY. BaO MeAL-
X-i lister St.; admission tree; tests 3 P. *•
AM. FRANCIS, INUKPENi>JiNT A Tr.-
-♦ writer. 118 Haight St.; hours 9 until Sri.
MR". KATE HOSKINS, TRANCK MEDIUM.
Sittings $1: circle Tuesday eve. 188 Oak st.
UISHOP OAKKISON, 1370 MARKET ; SfiAN-
i> cm Tuesday, Friday even's. 26c; 10 to 4 dally.
~~ UYI'NOri.-Jit. ~ ~~~
yp^oriß^ZiiD^rvjX maonbtism
practically and stlenilllca.i,' taught. In 3 les-
sons, a so how to hypno !ze Instantaneously, by
professor Of the French school; a gooJ opportunity
is here offered to physicians and students of
science Interested in iis therapeutic effects: high-
est credentialstcorrpspondence solicited. Call or ad-*
drej» Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute, 6 O'Farrell.
....... DENTISTS.
fVROOME DEN-rA L. A S»6cl A^IOnT749 >?A U-"
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th: gas specialists: painless
•xtractlPE.with gas, »1; plates. $6 up: fill, $1 up.
1 JR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARK- 1* ST.
XJ oeaf Eleventh* no charge lor extracting whei
plates are made; old plates mad* over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c: ftaa given.
K.O&OHUK-W. LEEK, TrfK UitNUINB
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 0* garret! St.
L">ULL SET OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED
XI five years: extraction, 50c.: flllltirs, 60&;
crowns, $3 60. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
L'lUaT-OLAMB DENTISTRY; FIKSI-CLAS-i
X 1 prices: first-claM results: painless extraction:
TeJ. Main 6375. W.C. HARDINO.M.D., 600 Sutler
I |li.i» 1. . KA.\_— KX'iKACI'ION PAlNL«fiav
XJ crown work, bridge work anil teetl, wltaoa;
plates a specialty. lt>3 Ueary st. cor. Urant svi.
(_7 A !>Kl' >OK inETH: WAKKAATKU At
up I good as can be made: filling; $1. Dr. sums
dentist.. BVQ Market St., next Baldwin Theater. .*-
AiNLKsa LXTRACTION] 60c; CROWN*
X bridge work a specialty; platen, $5 up. 13 rears -
«xper»enca. . X, L. WaLbH. D.D.S.. t>ls<4 uear/
LL WORK TO KUn"riMES:WAKKANTEIi;
PR. RKa, 1870 MarKet at.. /ror.t City Hail.
DR. t-CCKKTT, 1703 PO-»i~sT., NKAR OH'
cnanan: ras Kiven: crown and bridge wortc ■
LL. WORK REASON A AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Markets;.
XT OFT-KTH WITHOUT A i__l_. _„ A
li. VuUMi, 1841 Polk si. ; -•:., -. r
DX. J. J. LKh._, K'Ot* MAKKKT, COX. UOLDEN
(iate aye.—Open evening*. . Sundays. (11l noon. >
- - T\'P£WUIT-Ut». ~~
CALItiRAPH,- $15," $35: "y'oST, '$30:"REM-
lngton, $50. ECGTT _ ii., 333 Aiontsotuery su i
EDI'CATIONAi.
M"ME. r MELVILI.E SNSIJKit, 715 POST ST.";
v cal music, piano, elocution, practical Shake-
spearean and general dramatic acting a specialty;
vocal c;ass 's Monday. Bf.lt; $1.
HEaLD's BUS. NESS COLLEGE, 24 POST
St.— Bookkeeping:, business practice, short-
band, typing, telegraphy, modern languages, ..Eng-
lish branches, electrical engineering, etc.; 20
teachers; 15,000 graduates: catalogue.
YRES'. THE LEADING COLLEGE, 325
Montgomery St.; individual Instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegrapny, etc.;
lite scholarship $50. low rates per week and mo.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College. 723 Market st ; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere: day aud night.
, KLAsCO'a LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
•-> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehears?!
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
QCHOOL ___UTKICAL, CIVIL, MINING, UK.
0 chanlcal engineerins. surveying architectnra-
nseay. esiab. '64. VAN DERNAILLEN. 723 Mkt.-
NGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT; ENGLISH
literature. MISS FAUHN, 427 Sitter at
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL, 2297 SACRAMENTO
st: board; Eng.. French, Ger., piano; $30 mo.
RENOi.sPANISH.ETC.IProf.DEFILIPPE'S
Academy of Languages,32o Post si :estab'd 1871
A LMA K. HY-R, PIANO. mandolin BAX*
jfx Jo. 405 Geary. Rro. 17: thorough instruction
UUKKPNU, WUITNG, ABIT H M. IC. Ci K A .* H
J- > day<fcnl;ht; nocla-ises: $5 month. 845 Mission [
PKOK. LOUIS MERKI: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary ,nr. PowlL
ADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
eg plano,slnglng,French:s3mo. R. 14 .1002 Polk
MB. <* MKB. KOLAM-ER, TEACH 1 . s MAN
dolin. guitar, banjo. 93 Market xi.. opp. Mason
PROFESSOR G. MANSFI-J.D. TEACHER OK
X violin guitar, mandolin, bacto. 1707 Market
WEEK* NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH*
WKEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
MUSICAL INSTUL MENTS.
4-STORY" B UI L D I NO. CORNER OF
Kearny and Sutter sts., full of pianos: these
Instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
*SL »4. $5. $6, $7. $8. $9, $10, $12. $15! $20 and
$25p«riuontb: the best of every grade from lowest
pr ces to Htelnway Baby, Parlor and Concert
Grands: why pay rent when better pianos can be
bought from us for about same payments ? every
piano guaranteed; tine wood-seat stool and draped
cover Included: no char?*- for drayage: pianos
kept in order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLaY _ CO., cor. Kearny and Sutt*r sts.. also
Oakland, Cal., Portland. Or., Seattle, Wash.; Stein-
wsy representatives for tne Pacific Coast
1 BUY PIANOS AND ORGANS INCAKLOAD
X lots and for ciish, and being In mv own build-
ing, with do rent to pay, I can oiler any one desir-
ing an instrument better value for lass money than
any other music house in San Francisco; lnvestl-
fate and be convinced.' HARRY sCOTT, 626
I ayes at. ' • . . ■ . y
\ CTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN Pl-
A anos; see our Ist lor this week; pianos on $3,
$4. $5, $6, $7, $8. $9, $10. $15, %IO monthly pay-
ments: flue stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere in the city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO.,
salesrooms 93S Market st, opp. Mason.
N IMMENSE STOCK OF NEW AND BEC-
-6nd-band pianos from leading makers; no-
body can offer better terms and prices; remember
ours Is the oldest and largest music-house west of
Chicago; call or write. KOHLKK _ CHASE, 28
O'Farrell st., San Francisco. . ■ .....
ELEGANT UPIUOHT PIANO: VERY CHEAP.
Storage Warehouse, 211 Larkln st
1/iINE PIANO AT LOW RENT. INQUIRE OF
J W. C. HAMILTON. 3J4 Post st.
PROFESSOR OF SIC. OBLIGED TO DIS-
-1 pose of a fine Hardman piano, offer* It at about
half cost. Flood building, room 12, 809 Maricet
I>KTIKINU FROM BUSINKS PIANOS ATA
t sacrifice to promptly close out stock: Knabe.
nines and Bush * Gerts. A. L. BANCROFT —
CO.. 324 Post st.
LL MUSICAL til US SOLO AT REDUCE U
prices, pianos to rent and for sole cheap at
MAUVAIs', 769 Market sL _^
Qlj/1 STANDARD UPRIGHT; COST *175:
«IP 1"V/. on $5 installments. 221 Leaven orth.
r ANTED— CHEAP SECOND-HAND UP-
* right or square piano; ca-in. R.. box 72, CalL
C* I XA BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT BOS-
1 fJ\J. ton make piano. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
\M AG N I F I CE NT ST IS AY UPRIGHT AND
s^-hubert: little used: sacrifice. 1019 Van Nesss ''
pOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP FOX CA->H.
VJ BCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
li/ 1.. BaDUEK, SULK AGKNT FOX HALLET
' » .* Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 400 Sac* to
HJUKKKINU, tiSAHK. STUCK. VOHK. tiTKK-
llng pianos: see our new piano lor $187; plaau
•or rent BKNJ. CURT A _ SON, 18 O'Farrell.
IJYHUN AIAI^Y, MS POST ST.— SOHM.II.iW
Xi Newbv <fc Kv«nv Krtgg-i and other planov
SUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLUANBW
JH. MII.LKI'. maker, repairer "2 Ijt tlianmlace.
HKDICAL. " ~
A" BLESSING TO LA DIES S UFFE ING
'from Irre-cuiarrtl-'s and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment;
never falls: j-erfectly harmless; free from any bail
effects: never makes them sick to make them
well; travelers helped imme ! iatety ; prices to salt
th« times; home in ccuiinemeot. I) It. Jt MRS.
DA VIES, 14 McAllister st. next Hlbernia Bank;
consult fr c; French regulating pink pills, $j;
hours from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. k. ■
Ll. CASKS OF IRREGULARITIES Hl£
stored In a few bouri; safe and sure relief
Kuaraoteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home In conOnt-meut: regular graduate phy-
sician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY us»d : ladles, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere; you will save time aud
expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 918 Post st. near Larkln.
NEW PROCKSH— NO MKDICINE. INSTRU-
meat or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician lor all female tioobles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed:
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on
man's physician. DR. POPPK K. 313 K^arnv st
SURE CURK FOR ALL Fj-.MALE DlS-
eases, from whatever cause; norm- In confine-
men. ; every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYKK, 226 Turk si.
1-JB. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
XJ diseases of women and restores alt ca«.es of
irregularities In one day, guaranteeing a cure or
nocharee; separate home for patients;. best skill;
low fees: regulator $2. 904 McAllister st
LPKAU.'S FRENCH PILLS— a BOON TO
ladies troubled with irregularities: nodan-cer;
safe and sure; »2 50 express C. O. D. don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
US. DX. WEGEN-R TAKES LADDIES BJC
lore and coring confinement: Infants adopted
Into Rood homes: treats air female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Kddy st.
itsTj. A. ACH x RD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
rontineiuent; 25 years' experience. 665 Mis-
sion st - - . . . . - ■
tV irregular OR ANY fk.malk Dl-KASE
—see MIts.DK. PUKTZ and be content i;&4Vi- 4th.
1 \R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER Ni.Ali
XJ Jones. Diseases of women and children.
|>lU~VAI_ HoMr. IN CONI-l.NHilliM' '■ MU-*."
UR FUNCKK. 14ia Klghtii m.. Al»m».la.
I'KOPKKTY TO KXCHAXOK.
K/j HOUSES an d LofsTFROMTTaso -- : -
U" to $10,000
60 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to 16,000
'- 0 houses, Oflkland, Alttm^le. $1000 t0... B,o' 0
100 bus!ne*s places, all kinds, from $60 to 4 O'JO
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER.
I SELL AND EXCHAXGE ■
All kind* of property — . — '
- - H. V. DECKER, 1020 Market tit, opp. Fifth.
00-ACR & KA N CH ; 8-B. HOUSE; EXCHANGE
O— 1 fur saloon or hotel. DECKICR, 1020 Market
OTS TO EXCHANGK FOR FURNITURE"
or lodging-houses: iod«lni.--houseii to exrhaii-***
for Southern California property, city, bay and ranch
property"; also limber laud for exchange; list your
property with us; we can sell or exchange for
you at once; we have - some . rare Larralna,
UNDERVV OjD «fc CO.. 765 Market st. ■*. " -
On ACRKS UNCULTIVATED LAND- 30
c \t miles south of Portland, Or. exchange for
city lodging-bouse or restaurant 17 1 uird. rm. 22.
DIVIDEND-PAYING STOCK (8 PKB CENT
XJ per annum) for sma:i home In San Francisco
or Oakland. Room 61 j. Safe Deposit building, S. F-'
"KXCHANUK, NKAR 1.0.S UATO.V A
- J choice orchard home for good clear property In
San Fr<ncisco or Oakland. Address box 298. Los
Gal Cm. ■ - ,
S~ E.Ni»FOit OuR LIST OF ORCHAKU Ho M ■< H
ior «_♦■ WwsTKlt & WHl'piuN. >snn Jn».
I OU/l ACRES Ij»iHKK LAND, K_K.s c J.
1 «.' > .<*,wi«r; rinf. -t-a: '»*-r- n N'..hx.l6.C«lt
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
TENTH INSTALLMENT ASSESSMENT NO-
X tjce— The Sau Francisco and San Joaquln Val-
ley Railway company. Location of princlpil
place of business City and County of Pan Fran-
cisco, State of Oliforolu. Notice Is hereby given
that at a meeting of the board of directors held on
the 25th day of August, 1896. an assessment of
ten ($10) dollars per hare was levied upon the
capital stock of the corporation, payable immedi-
ately to the Bank of California, treasurer of said
corporation, at the office of said treasurer, north-
west corner of sansome and California street*. in
the City and County of San I'nuicisco, Slate of
California. Any stock upon which this assess-
ment shall remain unpaid on the iwen: y-slxth day
of September, 1896, will be delinquent and adver-
tised for sale at public auction; and unless pay-
ment Is made fore, will be sold on the fifteenth
uay of October, 18.16, to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costs of Hdvertuinjc and ex-
penses of. sale.' By order of Board of Directors.
•'■■ '. ALEXANDER M ACKIE, Btcretary.'
jJ2J Market street. City and County of San Fran.
cltco, State of California.
»——»._—_»»_——_—«——»—»-—_— _—_ — _______
~ PKOPOSAjLS. .
ROPOSALB— BI l?s"wi LL BE KKCKI VEdXt
.1 . the office of the. Registrar of Voters, city Hall
for the printing of the Precinct Registers to be
used at the election 10 be held November 3, 1896
In accordance with a resolution adopted pcn tem-
berl4. 1896.
All bids will be opened at a meeting of the
Board of Election Commissioners on the 2oth day
of September, 185*6 at 10 o'clock a. it. . - .
Eaohbla must be accompanied by a certified
check, payable to the order of the chairman of the
Board of Election Commissioners, for the sum of
Five Thousand Dollars ($8000). -
W. M. HI.NTON, Registrar of VotK.-s.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
A*f- speck & . ica, eo-j makkjbt"s i £
• Solid and paying Investments. -
<E*qAACASH, $1500 IN MONTHLY PAY-
tfiJOW ments same a* r-nt, buys that lovely tJ-
room rottace half block from Mission-st cars: this
property is so.d to satisfy mortgage.
01537^0 8 NICE FLATS ON LF.AVEN.
tjpO I O\J. worth St.; all rented; pays 10 per
cent net; h_t cash.
<2»Onn CASH, 81200 ON MORTGAGE, BUYS
tITOVU 2 nice flats near the U. a .Mint; don't
wait but see us immediately. . : '
<£ i fJOni cash. $36'/O BANK MORTGAGE,
«JP - 1 \J\J\J buys 3 ueaXy new flats: car line; only
few blocks from City /{all; all rented; $47.
G»9onfi CASH AND $2000 ON MORTGAGE
«© _UV»U boys 5 flats near 6th and Howard sts. ;
rents 947. ____ ~ • .
©OAnn cash. 83000 mortgage, BUYS
— V/< '\J 4 ttne flats, half a block from Seventh
and Market sts.; rent about if 550.
Qftflfift 8 6-ROOM COTTAGES, WITH LOT
i£\i\J\J\J. na feet front: good location: paying
over 12 per cent: must sell; loss no object.
fflj OA (\f\ 8 FLATS WITH LARGE LOT: 2
<i]POUUU. fronts: rents 1000: near Call Office;
terms, one-half cash ; any reasonable offer wanted.
CM /I C\f\ A 5 FINK FLATS ON MASON ST.;
<jp-L_. VrUIF. large lot; rents over $100.
<n*_lF; flfin BUSINESS PBOPERTV NEAR
i?p-lO.yj\J\J. Fourth and Market Bts.; rents
9400 a
' ; • SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
<It£»XAA RENTS $62; MUST BE SOLD BY
•45UOV/V7. order of bank: improved piece: flats;
O'Parreil St., nr. Fl.lmore: asnkp; any reasonable
offer will be entertained; must sell. ENGLISH
— ORRIS^EY, 628 Market st. ......
MALL, BRIGHT, NEW HOME; »50 C-4SH,
0 *15 per month. D. PRATT, Fruitvaie station.
1 HK McCARIHY CO.. 648 Market St., S.F.: see it.
C. BEM.IS, ~~ ~ ~
• itiiA- _STAT_ AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTUOMJiKY-fC
FOR SA U •:
r2«JO— k. Hid* of Htanyaa st. bet Cart and
Frederick: 25x100 feet
$450— san Carlos Villa tot: 100x150 feet
$6700— :6 feet on Jackson at, overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
6000— 2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
parE; £5x137 teei; . eleouio road passes houses;
make offer.
♦>6<>o— Elegant NW. corner of Cole ani Carl
if — Choice building lots north of Dark.
.bargain— b\V. cor. Fifth ay. and C si. : 109x95 ft.
Qi O 1 I \(\ 2 FLAT, 9-ROOiIED HOUSE; CUR-
IUU. ner lot. . ' •
*'/060— 5-roomed cottage.
$20*, 0 — 5-roomed cottage.
$1950— £- roomed cottage. . -
«1800— 1-roomed co_a<e.
Take Howard-st. cars to Potrero aye., walk two
blocks east on 24th St.; large lots: easy terms. F.
NELSON, builder.
CHOICE HOME LOTS, »360. ~~-
) I can sell you choxe oullding lots for $350.
'to be paid in Installments of $5 cash and $5
monthly. The street work . is all done;
graded, sewered and macadamized. Call or
send lor a diagram. Installment lots a
specialty. ■
E. M. LONG, 3207 Twenty-second st, cor. of
Mission.. Open evenings after 7:30 o'clock.
Q 1 Ann -W-B LOT. 100x100, IN BKKKtt-
1 \J\ I\J. ley; $15 monthly.
SJSOO: corner, lOOxiOO; maCßdamlzed.
$500; lot 50x120- $20 down, $10 monthly.
#175; lot 25x135; $10 « .own, $3 monthly."
Lots of other lots. $5 monthly.
CHAS. A. 8A11.15Y, 20 Montgomery st.
GOOD INVESTMENT; PACIFIC HEIGHTS;
2 new houses; all modern improvements;
i lighted by electricity or Ka*; will sell cheap: tine
i marine view:con»ervaiory. Fillmore and Green sts.
■iL -tki\4\ $500 CASH; KLKUANTLY FRES-
I (tjpOUvnl. coed 2-s:ory, 7-r.om and bath homes;
; high, nlrstered basement bunny Bide Geary st,
near Cook.
1 Of -^5x137 6-12 AND FLATS. • 4 ROOMS
Xj each, at 2919 Pine St.; almost new; worth
$4000; must be sold. Submit offer to GOLD-
MEYER, 1 105 Mission st '
pPOI FOR FITCHBUHG!
TO-DAY TAKE YOUR FAMILY AND
FRIENDS OUT ON THK FITCH-
BURG, SAN LEA>DRO AND
. 1 1 A V WARD LOCAL.
Sea Southern Pacific Time-card.
THE FIRST IMPORTANT SI OP EAST OF
FRUITVALK is THE PLACE. FAST-
EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON
THE PACIFIC COAST.
DIRECT BOATS AND TRAIN 8 FROM FERRY,
FOOT OF MAKKET STREET, TO
FITCH BURG STATION IN
FORTY-FIVE MINUTES.
Alameda, Berkeley and Fruitvaie trains singed
by the Fitchburi; scorcher. Uaywards electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes.
It you are tired of 1110 and want to get off the
earth, stay where you are. People get well, l>-
I come cheerful, contented and prosperous In Fl.ch-
burj;.
Fitchburg is the most promising suburb on the
direct line of up io da public a>-d private im-
provements In .he vicinity of (akland. It is a
I busings center by natural location. Jis railway
j lines i.ow operating, deep-water transportation for
freiKhi by Damon's line of fast-salting vessels on j
I Oakland harbor, and- the excellent CJiinty roads j
leading to it, are incon estlbl* proof-. It Is regu-
j larly laid out li.to blocks and 0 s bounded by wide '
j streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented with j
aveuue trees. cypres*i hedges and evergreen groves.
NOW is THE 1 1%.)H TO BUY.
For a home, while cheap; for speculation on a
! rising market; for a turn be tirst for investment
I now, and hold on. No city taxes to pay: 110 street
i Improvements to make. Water supply from S |
j companies at your doors. Lots in ihii beautiful
I town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
; can be bought in many of the one-street tracts In
an inaccessible bayfield.
Lots 25 «nd 60 fee; front by 100 to 200 feet deep j
; to parallel street: double frontage. Terms, 10 per
: cut cash; deferred payments in easy installments; {
I title perfect.
V. F. McCLURK, 19 Mnnts-otnery st, S. F.
[ THAD. 8. Vi ICH, Fitchburg.
AN KAFAEL LOTCHKaP, 75x130: NICEST
locat'on In town; street wow all done; bait
I price. J. R. KOCHK. San Uaf .M. ;
I a*l lif\(\ COTTAWK 6 ROOM'S LOi 45xlO*bT
I «JMUuU. In Berkeley: #100do-An. *20 month.
ly: $600, lot 50x125. $20 ' down, $10 monthly.
CHAS. a. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery at .
SUBSTANTIAL MuDEKN Hllt»K1 BUILT:
$150 to $'.'75 a room; parties contempUting
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
I L""OK SALE— t-LEGANT NEW MODERN RE3-
-| X: Idt-ncps situated on Gough st; near Broadway;
| contain 8 to 12 rooms, all m< dern conveniences;
] fine view; good .neighborhood; complete sir et
| work; these houses should be seen before pur-
I chasing elsewhere; terms easy, houses open.
TN'GI7hSII>K— MAONIUCENT RESIDENCE.
I X near racetrack, on Flax: cm and Grafton sts.: 11
I rooms and bath, wooden mantels; all modern Im-
i provements; lot 62:tixl25;soldatag-eat sacrifice.
| G. W. 11. PATTERSON ifc C. .. 2 Valencia st •
i T/OR SaLE-U.s FOLSOM ST.; L' T 50x160;
I I 1 two houses': fine stable: nice trarden; orna-
i mental trees; $3000, If sold In 6 days. GEORGE
j W. H. PATTER SUN & CO., 2 Valencia st
C*f.(Wv cash, balance SAME AS kknt.
1 ♦Cum/v/ for a new bouse on ea-t ride of Cole st,
, Dear Wa'ler: 8 rooms and bath; UunM iotaix 1 25;
all modern Inipro>ementi.' Vp-ly on prem'sps.
, MONEY TO LOAN.
, oj lAm ( WTO I at lowest RATES; CITY
! isi X.\J\J .\f\J\J and Oakland : life Insurance,
i bankbooks, stocks and ' bond*); estates: any sum.
j 6H A I ALP. .BUCKBEr &CO.. 218*220 Montgy
j A iIVA.NC_n ON - IIIAMuN WATUHKS. .
! **- jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JiiWJsIi.UJT
| bTOKK. SJ4B Market si. : o;ien evenings.
ONh.Y LYING JULK: iAKK AT $5 INTKK.
ret per month for each $1000; same rale sec-
| ond mortgage or life I Insurance. Coin,' box 2. Call.
ONEY LUANkiI . O.V JKW__KV A Sit
other valuables at the security Loan Otfica,
HUUMarketst.nr. Ma-ion: eutranc* ? 'I'uri.
I iIR_CT OS YOUJi Ft'K.srrUkisi UK PIANO:
. XJ no removal: bo delay*: no commissions, low .
imerofit Hra. 68. i>-..nohu» bldg, 1170 Market v-
ANY Auui,.\i: la 1 1 , \tu or i.JJ JloKTiiA«i-.i
xV estatest undivided interest* real estate la \>c\t-
tare, Slri'OJ.nAV. -i Monsvunf-r.'. room :i.
ITY REAL ESI ATE: ADVANCES ON RENTS
pianos, furniture. . SPECK A C 0.," 602 Market.
PRIVATE PARTY~LOANS~TTn~a XV GOOD
X security ; low Intrust. N., box 15, Call Office.
■1 OANS ON FURM.URfc. a.Mi PIANOS
without removal; low interest. R. 3, Sib Powell
A I>V ANCKSON JJIAiIO>A>3.J t. »* 1-...X l , r. l"J
J\ Columbia Lo»n t t Collateral I ili-». a Kraut «v>,
CJl^n UP; No UKIAV; IST AND 2l» MORT-
«3D«JU|-a-res: int. in estates. MURPHY.H2H .'rut
avixgs BANKS' books BOUOHT. . rojm
$16, Safe Deposit bnlldlntr, i-an Franclsoii.
ONK\ TO LOAN ON tUTY &A L ESTATE.
tick. -EX BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
1 OAN»"OX ALL SECURITIES.' ROOM 1,
J J 24 Montgomery st ■ •■-■■■
PAWNBKOKKKS. ~~~
WISE AND HAVE INTEREST; MC>NEY
loaned on everythirn. Cut Rate Loan and >e-
cnrlty office, r. 7, >luod bldg.: entrance 80S* Mkt.
AT 12« KKARX i .VI.. KOOM 9— MON V
loaned, watches, diamonds,' etc. V low rates;
private room*: elevator: nlediriv* for Bale r-ht-an.
~~^ ~~ FINANCIAL. ~ [
C« 1 n A YlfifS TO '^°AN AS LOW AS BANKS."
tSMUU.'-UU Apply in: '-' -2. CHl.safe nep-Bldg.
MONEY WANTED,
TrrXNT^rX^sSubXMPm>M v "^^
Vt M«r«et-s- real estate security; good Interest.
M. 8.. ox lag. Call Office.  ■•■■■.- T^ <-
\V ANTED-LOAN OF S1OUO: GOOD SECUR-
'• i'.y; will pay lender 25 per cent commission.
a., box 93. Call Office. ■ ■ ■ ■■ . -■.■■'
PHYSICIANS.
r. c*. c o'iSoxN kl u 1 i.06 mXrketT cor
Golden Ga:e -.diseases of women a specialty.'
I \ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT Dr/jORDAN; AT
XJ his museum, . 1051 Market st.: hla SO years'
successful practice is acuaranteeoffair ircatm«atj
UlO worst cases treated saUsfaciuriU by bu_,
COUNTRY BEAL ESTATE.
MOW ~~
- 1 -' 18 THE TIME
TO BUY COUNTRY LANDS.
1 af) REB NEAR THK BEAUTIFUL CTTY
XVJ\J of Santa Rosa, one-half in b»anng French
ptunes. balance wine grapes; Una improvements.
90 ACRES ADJOINING LAWRENCE STA-
*-\J tlon in bama Clara County, fine bearing
peaches, prunes and ..pneots: modern home 9
rooms; will exchange for ihrt city property. •
5 OR 10 ACRES IX MURPHY HOMESTEAD
*J 1 ract : = rand old oak trees: best fruit soil. $125
an acre, one- fourth cash.
"I A ACRFS ON SAN FRANCISCO ROAD IN
* \s Santa Clara County, opposite famous Delmas
place; all conditions extra favorable, 160 an acre.
TO LEASE-160 ACRES NEAR LAWRENCE
In >«i!ta Clara County: good house, large barn,
gushing artesian well, adapted 10 fancy 'stock
raising.
Af* ACRES, ALL IN FINE YOUNG FRENCH
~ci prunes, near San Jose; will sell in 10-acre
lots at 21 5 an acre. Easy terms. . ;
Ea&TON, KLD'RIDG _ CO.,
638 Market st
rpo LEASE— 636 ACRES, BAY POINT STa-
X tlon. Contra Costa. MI>S NEELY, 1614 Bush.
•L-« LOR I STB, ATTENTION — FOR KKNT, 8
X acres at Baden. San Mateo County: well im-
proved. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montßmy.
L ARMING THAT PAYS— oO CWT. HORSE
X beans per acre, 25 tons green corn per acre, 60
tons pumpkins per ar re, 1 £00 bushels onions per
acre are crops actually raised on land of Steele
Estate; richest land in California; In tracts from
5 acres up; also grain and dairy land; price to
suit the times: terms to suit the buyer; don't buy
poor land; the best is cheapest. D. D. BARNARD.
Edna, San Luis Oblspo Co., ca_ •
l7_"~5 AIN— 8 ACRES OF LAND, WITH GOOD
•' house and burn; plenty of water: is on main
county road and only 5 minutes" drive from San
Mateo railroad station, For parti' ulars Address J.
LB CORXEC, Mill brae Store, Mlllbrae, Cat.
" <2*Qnn 104 ACRESGOODFKUITORGRAIN
tlrc.>W. land, near & P. R. R.; can all be cul-
iiva;ed: dead bargain. Address F. H. W.. 1109
van ess aye. \
.: ARGAiN — ranch - pleasantly situ-
' ated in the foothills, overlooking Napa Valley,
about six miles from the town of Napa; suitable
for a summer resort a nice country home or a
fruit or chicken farm: large house and barn:
stock, tools, etc. For particulars address P. O.
box 239, Napa, Cal. .: .■ .
-SSIONEES SALK ~^ • ■ ■ .• ••
300 acres choice level fruit and vegetable
land near Pleasamon, Alameda County ; 1^ hours
from San Francisco; In tracts of 10 acres upward;
from $20 per acre. Boom 67, chronicle building,
San Fran* Isco. . - -. .-, . •-.: •■
NY ONE WANTING A RANCH FOR
grazing purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required,
balance In 6 or 7 years, apply 320 Montgomery st.
JITTLK HOMES, CLOSK TO TOW.\, 1M-
J proved: easy terms; also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market St.. B. F. '•
TT ALF SECTION OF GOOD LAND IN TULARE
JJL County, for Improved or unimproved property
in Berkeley or Sau Francisco. Address A, box 87
Call Otaet.
A WEEKS NEWS FOR 5 CENTS -ITCH
-CX WEEKLY CALL, „ wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOfc BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
IpOR SALE— AT HIGHLAND PARK, COR.
I Nineteenth avo. and Twenty-fifth st. : lot 140 x
350 feet: house of 10 rooms: crounrts In lawn, or-
mental and fruit trees. Address CHARLES C.
BE MIS, 324 Montgomery st
V\riLL BUILD COTTAGES: FIRST CASH
»' payment $10 to $160, balance monthly: 40
completed In Oakland to choone from free convey-
ance. 1.. L. M. SALSBURY, 902 Broadway.
MY SPECIALTY IS ~~~ ~~"
J*l- HOUSE-RENTING IN
OAKLAND.
2 story modern 9-room house. $25
1-story modern 6- room cottage.. 16
Upper sunny modern 7-room flat 16
AND 300 MOKE.
WM. M. DbWOLF. House-broker and Rent Col-
lector. 1050 Broadway. Oakland. ■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE—
House r> rooms and bath. Central aye. : house 4
rooms. (.irand st; cottage 6 rooms, Everett st.:
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
ban Francisco property. Apply . • •
— ASTON, ELDRIDGE * CO.,
• 638 Market st.,
■ ' San Francisco, Cat
"dbTulTl LOT 50x150; GOOD LOCATION;
tJTOUU. easy terms.
91300—83x150; cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
easy terms.
$2100—50x150: house of 7 rooms end bath.
$5000— 50x150: house of 9 rooms and bath.
BEST LOCATION.
To exchange for San Francisco property: bouse
of 7 rooms a >d bath; corner lot; cen rally located.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda: office open
Sundays an<l holidays. Alameda Land Company,
1500 Par* si.. A aru>-da.
ALAMKDA HOUSES TO _ LET.
TO LET, TO RESPONSIBT^T^P^RTrEsTAN
X 11-room housa with carpets, mantel mirrors,
curtain-poles: Urge garden, wl 1 be taken care of;
on Central »ye., one bock from Morton-si, stulion
N. G. R. R. Address A. B C. box 75. thl-tottice.
BKKKELKV KEA_ ESTATE.
S7XA SUITABLE FOR hTcTiCE^N
• O\J. ranch:" nearly an acre of ground right
In the center of beam if ul Berkeley, fronting on
the railroad. JOS. J. _A>«ON, Dwlght way station.
GOOl» HO.»ir..S rUtt KivNT OH iOK SALiS
on rasy i'Tm«. O. _ MAY A CO.. real estate,.
bullcilnr »nl loans '-'T'- «>tir»r «r Herlr'-loy.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
I"? 1 OK BEN T? NEWLY FORNISHED COT-
tage 5 rooms, lath and garden, 920. 1932
Berkeley way. .Kas>t Herk-f'ov. , ;- : ---•.*.-■- j-,
THE DIVOKtK KttOKD.
Comniaint fi'edj
John W. Fleming against Lola Fleming,
Divorces gran ted ■
Kate A. Hayes from John Hayes, for cruelty;
by Judge Hunt. •-.',■• - - >•
Benjamin D;:rant ' from Hannah Duraat, for
cruelty; by Judge Sanderson,
Lilt 1 _&— i) Aiilil AU_^— -OtA i lii
BORN. * -
ADELSDORFER— In this cltv,' September 22,
IS9-S. to the wife of Ernes'. Adelsdorfer, a son.
BERTAU— In Alameaa. September 20, 1898, to
th:' wife of Dr. K. H. Bertau, a son. -
DABOVICH— Pleasamon, Cal., September 20,
1898, to the wife of George E. D bovich, a son.
HOOK— September 22, 1896. to the wife of S. H.
; Hook, a son.
HUBBELL— In Oakland, September 21, 1896, to
the wife of Frederick N. Hubb 11, a son.
JACOBSON— September 19, 1896, to the wife of
Jake Jacobsen. a son.
KEESING —In this city. September 20, 1896. to
the wife of T. it. Keeslng. a daughter. .
LEMM— In Santa Cruz. September 19, 1688, to the
. wife of Charles F. Lemm, a son. ■ • ' ■
NOLAN— In this city, September 21, 1898, to the
wife of W. H. Nolan, a daughter. /. 
SEKIJA— September 22. 3 890, to the wife of J. H.
: f~eeb*. a daacb—f. ■ • • •
MAKRIED.
HOVELER-HUsaY— ln this city, SeDtember 21,
. 18 >6. by the Rev. J.'Fuendelln-r, E. D. William
Hoveler and Elizabeth G. Hussy.
PLA.sBKRG— RF.IN'KRs- In this city, September
22, 189 J. by the Rev. J. FuendeUng, . Robert
Plaaberg and Marie IX ,lner«. .
LOKWENGUTH —In this city,
September 51, 1896. by the Rev. J. Fnendellng
Jean B.pUsie Reveyron and Mathllde 3L Loe-
• en* nth. . ■ . '■'.-)■' 1
X>IKD. ■ ■
Baker, Turpin A. - Lones, John A. .
Barrow*, Warren H. . Luudhotm, Loretta
Bose, Charles M. Miller, Albert P. L.
Cafffer, Timothy : : Miller, Mart-atet
Carlson, Ellen Murphy, James . -
Ca'chman, Laura ' Naude, Ameila •
Colburn. Hey. M. F. Nunau, Timothy 1 '■'
Day. Elisabeth A. ' Pardee. Enoch H. '
Dockery..Jane Parkyus, Helen K.
Fagen. Elizabeth A. ... P«yre, Jean
Grur.del (lnfam) Kossi, Aiuonio -
Hagerup, Helena : Schoen, Louis L. .''''■
Hurley. .Vora A. -bridge, Walter A.
Junck, Edna R. D. Ttedemao, Sadie ■
Libbey, Howard G. , Waldteufel. Achilla
BAKER— In Oakland, September 21, 1696, Tur.
pin A. Baicer. a nntlve of Uhoie Island. s:rd 63
■ year/*. (Providence (R. L) papers Dlease copy.]
4_"Frienti« and - acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lor of Albert Brown. 468 Thirteenth street,
Oakland, loterment Mountain View Cemtuerv-.
BAH HOWS- In this city. S ptembe.r 21, 1896,
: - Warren Harmon Barrows, youngest son of »v. 11.
and Carrie Barrows, a' na ive of San Francisco.
aged 4 years and 8 months. '."- ■ ' :. . V ■'■■
1 J9"Frienda and acquaintances am resntot'*
I fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock r. v., from the resi-
dence of his parents. 1420 Hayes street." inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ". " - ' • -*
BOSK- In this city, Septembsr 21, 1899, Charles
I M. Hose, beloved brother of George H. and J. F.
Bose, a native of Germany, aged 62 years 3
months and 11 days.
43-The body will he • shipped to Ban Jose for
iu«?rm»nt TO-MORROW (Thursday), by train
, leaving Third and Townsend streets at 10:10
0 clock A. St. Remains at the parlors of Theodor
Dierks, i) 67 Mission street, oeiweeu Fifth aud
Sixth.
CAFFREY— In this city. September 22, 1896.
Tlmo:hy Caffrey, a native of County Galway,
Ireland, aged 66 years. ■■■ - ■ -' • ■ ■■• ...
Friends and Acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the runeral TOMORROW
(Thursday), at :30 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of the Pi-.e flo Undertakers, 777 Mission
street, near Kojr.h. thence to St. Brendan's
Church, where a ? solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. iOMCUWai Holy
Cross Cemetery. . , -
CAKL"iON— In this city. September 21. 1893.
Kile:!, dearly beloved wife of Carl Car.son. and
mother of John, Ueorge. James and Jarl Carlson,'
a native of Boston, Mass.. aged 41 yef.rs.
Friends and acquaintances are resppct-
fnlu- invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 5-2 Twenty- rst street, near Illinois,
thence to St. Teresa's Church for services.
Interment HolyCroas Cemeterx.
CATCHMAN— In this r-itv, September 22, 1898,
Laura, dearly beloved daughter of John Catch-
man of Vallejo, Ca'., aged 1 U years and 2 months.
. £«rimexrueiit Holy Cross Cemetery... -
COLBURN— In this city, September 22, 1833. of
apoplexy. Key. M. F. Colburn. pastor of Grace
M. E. Church, a native of Massachusetts, aged
41 yet..-* 0 months and 13 days.
49~The funeral service* will take place
TO-MOKKOW (Thursday), at 1 o'clock P. M.. at
Grace M. E. Church, corner Twenty- first and
Capp streets. Ministers 01 Mission churches, all
Methodist pastors, friends and acquaintances
are respectfully Invited to attend, interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral-car.
Lu. O.F. — All mem of Excelsior Lodge No.
310, I. 0.0. F., are earnestly requested to be
present
DAY— In Oakland, September 21, 1893, Elizabeth
A., beloved wife of Charles Day. daughter of
.James Clark, and sister of Nora, Mamie, Josie,
Walter and W. J. Clark, a native of Sonora,
Tuolumne County, Cal., aged 25 years 8 months
and 21 days.
J93>"Friends and acquaintances are resoec'-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from herlaw
late residence, 961 Fifth street, thence to tne
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose 01 her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. _
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
DOCKERY-In Vull^jo, September 21, 1896, Jane,
dearly beloved wife of James Dockery, mother
of Rev. H. G., James P. and Margaret Teresa
Dockery and Mrs. Charles Rodecker, and sister
of the late Mrs. B. Lee and Elizabeth Klnlan,
a native of County Meath, Ireland, ased 64
years.
AS'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend "the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at » o'clock a. m.. from St
Vincent's church, where a requiem mass will be
offered for the repose of her soul. |
FAGEN— In this city, September 23. 1898, Eliza-
beth A., beloved wife or Pater J. Fagen, daugh-
ter of J. G. and the late Anna Perkins, and sis-
ter of Joseph, John and Gertie Perslns and Mrs.
J. Wynn, a native of San Francisco, aged 26
years and 2 months. '
GRUNDEL— In Alma, September 19, 1896, Infant
son of George and Eliza Grundel.
HAGERUP— In this city, Eeptember 21, 1898.
Helene, beloved wife of F. a Hagerup, and
mother of Frida Hagcrupand Mrs. Joseph Open-
shaw, a native of Dresden, Germany, aged 47
years 6 months and 11 days.
Jt»f"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), from Eintracht Hall. Twelfth
street where funeral services will be held at 2
o'clock p. m. Remains at the parlors of Theodor
Dierks, 957 Mission street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. . \
HURLEY— In this city. September 21. M9B.
Nora A., dearly beloved daughter of the late
John and Hanorah Hurley, ana sister of Thomas,
Patrick, Jerry, Timothy, Hanorah and Emma
Hurley and Mrs. Thomas W hearty, a native of
ban Francisco, aged 23 years and 9 months.
JJsJ* Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 1:30
o'clock p. m., from the residence or her sister,
812 Cortland avenue, near Mission road.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Y. L. I.— V. L. I. No. I.— Sisters: You are hereby
. notified to attend the funeral or our deceased
sister. Miss Norn Hurley, from 312 Cor.land
avenue, THIS DAY (Wednesday). By order
of . KaTIE DRISCOLL, President.
JUNCK— In this city, .September 22, 1898, Edna
Rebecca Dorothea, youngest and beloved daugh-
ter of H. n and Dorothea Junck. and sister of
Anita C Junck. a native of San Francisco, aged
2 years 7 months and 1 day.
49~FrienUs and acquaintances are resales
fully invited to attend tun funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from the
residence of her parents, northeast corner Seven-
teenth and Cuurch streets. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
LIBBEY— In this city, September 22, 1898. How-
ard C. Libbey. a native of New Brunswick, Can-
ada, aged 44 years.
LONES— in the City and Count? Hospital. Sep-
i tember 22, 1«9«, John A. Lones, aged 29 years.
LUNDHOLM— In this city. September 21, 189«
Loretta. beloved daughter of John and Nellie
Lundholm (nee Cnas.-), a native of San ir;tn-
cisc o, ased a months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the
residence of the parents, corner Baiter and Beach
street. Harbor View, interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. , .%......,
MILLER— In Alameda,. September 21. 1896,
Albert P. L. Miller, beloved father of W. A. L.,
Alfred H., Annie L. and Charles M. Miller, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 79 years and 2 months.
. "rlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited 10 attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock a.m., from his
late residence, 901 Santa Clara avenue, a lame-
da. Interment private. L O. O. fc'. Cemetery, Bail
Francisco. Please omit flowers.
MILLER— In this city. September 21 1X96. Mar-
garet, dearly beloved wife of John Miller, and
mother of Mrs. William Givans and John Miller,
a native of Ireland, aged 76 years.
Friends are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral THIS DA Y( Wednesday), at « o'c ock
a. m., from the undertaking parlors of Valente,
Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton street
Ml' HPH Y— ln this cliv. September 2l.lB9B. James
Murphy,' beloved husband of Johanna Murphy,
father of Johanna, John and Nicholas Murphy,
and brother of John, Michael, Thomas -too the.
late Patrick Murphy, a native of Toormoor, par-
ish of Byrnecourt, County Tlpperary, Ireland,
aged >;5 vpars o months and 4 days. A memoer
01 Noe Valley Lod 'c. A. O. U. W. '' ■ ;<
JB3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from bis
late residence. 1357 Minna street, thence to St.
Charles Church, Eighteenth find Shot well streets,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock a. si. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NAUDE— Ia this city, September 22, 1895,
Amelia Nauae, beloved mother of Achilla
Na-ide, a native of France, aged 49 years.
JSP* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company, 123
Stockton street, corner of Geary. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
NUNAN— In this city, September 22, 189S, Tlm-
o;hy, husband of the late Mary A. Nunan, and
beloved father of Thomas W.. Matthew C, Tim-
othy Edward, Margaret. William, Mary and
Daniel F. Nunan. a native of County Limerick,
j Ireland, aged 75 years and 9 mouths.
JO" Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence. 918 Powell street, thence to St.
Mary's Church, California and Dupont streets,
where a requiem hUh moss will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
■ o'clock a. _. Interment Mount Calv&ry Ceme-
tery. ,
PARDEE— In Oakland, September 21, 1898,
Knoch Homer Pardee, a native of New York,
' aged o7 years 5 months and 2 1 days.
jO~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from Masonic
'1 emplf, corner Twelfth and Washington streets.
: Funeral under the auspices of Oakland Lodge
No. 188. F. and A. M. The bo ly will lie in state
in the temp'.e Wednesday and Thursday. .
PaRKY Us— ln Oakland, September 22.' 1896.
Helen X., only child of Geonse A. and Jennie H.
Parky us. a native of san Francisco, aged 1 year
I 8 months and 14 days.
PEYRE— In this city, September 20. 1896, Jean
Peyre, beloved husband or Leonttne, and father
ofEuniieand Alice A*eyre, a native of France,
- aged 40 years.
Friend* and acquaintances are respect*
fnliy Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
I (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from hla
late residence, 10 Elgin Park, thenca to I. O. O.
F. Hall, corner MarKet and seventh, streets.
interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ROSSI— In this city, September 21, 1896, Antonio
Rossi, a native of Italy, aged 50 years. .
SCHoKN— In this city, September 22, 189 S. at ht»
residence, 318 Waller sireei, Louis L. Schoen.
I beloved hU3band of Anna r-choen, and father of
• William. Susie and Theodore !-choen. Mrs. N. R.
' Doolr.Ue and Mr*. C, R. Macluucnlan, a native Of
Germany, need 62 y ears 10 months aud 12 days.
gas* The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from nis late resi-
dence. Funeral private. • . . <
SHOEBRIDQE— In Oakland. September 21. 1898,
Walter A., only and oelov<?d son of Mrs. F. Shoe-
bridge, and dearly beloved brother of Mrs. Wil-
liam Reno, Mrs. William Harmnell. Mrs. Ed
Murphy and Nellie and Lottie Snoebridge, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged ; 23 years 11 months
and 1 day. ' . ■-', .
; £3- Friends . ana acquaintances are ' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2:3o o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of his si.sKr. Mrs. 1. Harmwell. 333 Mis-
sissippi street, b-t»«en Solano and Btitte, Po-
trero. ; Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
TIEDEMAN— In this city, September 21, 1898.
Sadie, beloved wife of John H. Tiedrman, and
mother of Harry and Frank Tledeman, a native
of California, aged 37 years 9 months and 29
days. • , ■ - ■
W ALDTBUFEL— In this city, September 17.
1»9& Achille Waldteufel, beloved husband of
Margarita Wald:eutel, and father of Louis, Jos-
eph .and Emile Waldteufel. a native of France,
aged 67 years. [-"an Jose papers please copy.]
£s~Fnneral private from St Clare's Catuoile
Church, Santa Clara. Cal. : - ■'.-' -
MCAVOY & CALUACHER, T
FDNKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM
»0 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
* \ .Telephone 8080. - ... -
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY;
SAN MATEO COUNTY; NEAREST CEMB-
tery to the city; non-sectarian; in no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled., office VW '»rlt«i
street, southeast corner of sixth.
1314
CLEVELAND AS
JUDAS ISCARIOT
At a Silverite Meeting H.
K. Mitchell so Por
trays Him.
"THAT ACT OF 1873."
John Sherman Accused of Sur
reptitiously Demonetiz
ing Silver.
WHAT REYNOLDS YEARNED FOR
Discussion of the Tariff— Speeches by
Thomas F. Haggerty and
P. M. Wellin.
A joint meeting of the Thirty-ninth and
the Thirty-first district silver clubs was
held at the People's party tent last even
ing. Prior to opening the meeting a small
boy was stationed in the entrance with a
snaredruin. He made as much noise as
the "drummer boy of the Rappahan
nock," but failed to awaken a responsive
chord in the breasts of the passing crowds,
and when Hon. H. K. Mitchell of Nevada
was introduced as the first speaker of the
eveniug by William Walsh, president ot
the Thirty-ninth club, he was perforce
obliged to address scarcely more than a
few stragglers. Later on the house filled
until a fair-sized audience faced the
speaker.
Mitchell began bis oratorical effort by
throwing verbal stones at the "act of 1873,
which demonetized silver."
"Jonn Sherman," be declared, "was the
man responsible for that base act. It was
he who surreptitiously inserted in an act
covering fifteen pages of the Congressional
Record a single line providing that gold
should be the unit of value.
•'Grant signed that act, without realiz
ing the full intent of the disaster brought
ou by the scratching of hie quill, and when
he learned afterward of that clause
slipped in by Sherman he bitterly deniea
any knowledge of the existence of the line
making gold the standard of value."
After a lengthy ram ble among the musty
tomes of Grecian and Roman antiquity
the speaker returned to the age of the liv
ing and accused McKinley of having for
saken his litelonK convictions for the gold
oi trusts and corporations. Not content
with the chance McKinley's record fur
nished him for vituppration, Mitchell
turned his guns against Grover Cleveland,
where he was evidently more at home.
"I want to teii you what I think of
Grover Cleveland," lie shouted — -'that
most damnable of all traitors. If he had
lived in the aye of Judas Iscariot the lat
ter's name would never have been perjetu
ated as the greatest traitor in the history
of the earth. Cleveland's name will be
immortalized as the Benedict Arnold of
the Democratic party."
After quoting various statistics on the
financial question Mitchell said silver had
been used as a medium of exchange since
the beginning of the world, and read an
extract from the Book of Genesis to prove
his assertion. His hearers applauded as
he left the platform.
The next speaker was C. A. Reynolds.
He characterized the present political
condition as a contest in which the plain
people were on one side and the Shyiocks
on tne other. What his empty heart
yearned for was the "dollar of the consti
tution," incidentally with an increased
purchasing power.
Thomas F. Haggerty was then intro
duced as "ourold-tinie Populist and silver
man, who was willing to address t c as
semblage." Mr. Haggertv evidently did
not like this, as he defined himself at the
outset as a Democrat — not a Jeffersonian
nor even a Jacksonian Democrat, but a
William Jennines Bryan Democrat. His
speech was devoted mainly to outlining
the various periods in American history
and an elucidation of the reforms in
augurated by Democracy. He believed
protection entirely unnecessary; that this
country can compete with any nation,
even the pauper labor oi Europe, and come
out triumphant.
Some of Haggerty's language 'regarding
England did not suit a gray -haired mem
ber of the audience and he made audible
protest several times, evoking hisses and
catcalls. Tne speaker finally invited the
disturber to depart and seek consolation in
the "still, small voice of nature" if he did
not like his words. The old gentleman did
not depart and raised a hue and cry sev
eral times afterward.
Haggerty's speech wao very lengtny
and was mostly devoted to the political
outlook as he found it in the East and
Europe.
The last speaker of the evening was P.
M. Wellin, who spoke at great length on
the tariff and silver questions. The meet
ing then adjourned after the chairman
had announced another meeting for next
Tuesday eve ning.
Slashed a Dog's face.
Mrs. Catherine Xolting, 110 Mason itreet,
swore to a complaint in Judge Joachimsuu's
NEW TO-DAY.
• ' • A
£i Jamaica
has been curing the ills
of human kind. A spe-
cific for all stomach trou-
bles. Sold everywhere.
Ask for
FRED BROWN CO.,
PHILADELPHIA.
court yesterday charging "John Doe" with
cruelty to animals. She went to Volz's coffee
house, on Fourth street, near Market, Sunday
and her valuable water spaniel accompanied
her. While she was taking her meal the dog
went behina the counter and one of the
waiters slashed it in the face with a knife, de
stroying the sight of one eye. She could not
ascertain the waiter's name but said she
would be able to identify him.
DIAMOND ROBBERY.
Gas Devine Arrested in Connection
With the Becent Affair in Sac
n.nieuto.
Gus Devine, who is not unknown to the
police, was arrested about 6 o'clock yester
day morning in a saloon on Post and Du
pont streets. He was taken to the City
Prison and booked en route for Sacra
mento.
Devine Is supposed to be the accomplice
of Frank Holden in the diamond robbery
at Sacramento on Friday evening. Holdtn
threw a rock at the rrind'owof th* jewelry
store of H. Wachorst, on J street, and
grabbed two trays containing diamonds.
One he dropped inside the window, but he
ran away with the other. He was pur
sued and captured, but none of the
diamonds, valued at $2000, were found
upon him, an>i the supposition was that
he had handed them to a confederate, ex
cept eiglit, valued at $500, which he had
dropped from the tray during his flight,
ana which were afterward recovered. An
officer will arrive from Sacramento to-day
to take Devine there.
Devine has been twice arrested for as
sault with a deadly weapon, but managed
to escape punishment.
PAINTINGS AND ETCHINGS.
A Fine Collection to Be Exhibited at
the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
A superb collection of paintings and
etchines, the property of Miss Spooner of
Pacific avenue, will be placed in the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art, and perhaps re
main ihere several months during the
lady's absence from the City.
Miss Spooner has several valuable pic
tures in Boston, and was about to send
the California collection to that city, when
she was persuaded by representatives of
the San Francisco Art Association to lend
her art treasures to the Mark Hop&ins
Institute.
MOURNING A PREACHER.
Congregation of Grace Methodist
Episcopal Church Feels
Its Loss.
A Sketch of the Dead Minister and
His Work in This State— The
Funeral To-Morrow.
The congregation of Grace Methodist
Episcopal Church sincerely mourns the
loss of the pastor, the Rev. M. F. Colburn,
who pa-sed away yesterday morning at
an early hour after a brief illness.
Mr. Colburo was born in Taunton, Mass.,
and was 44 year* of age. He was a gradu
ate of one of the theological colleges of
Boston. Twelve years ago he came to the
Pacific Coast and became pastor of the
church at Riverside, and after that was in
charge of the First Church in San Diego
and subsequently was in charge of the
church in Ea-t Oakland for a year. Then
be went East and to Europe to study and
The Late Rev. M. F. Colburn, Factor of
Grace Methodist Kpincopal Church.
in search of rest. On his return he was
put in charge of Grace Church, and at the
conference which recently closed at Pa
cific Grove he was reappointed for an
other year by unanimous vote.
There has as 3*et been no one named as
his probable successor. The funeral will
take place from the church, corner of
Carp and Twenty-first streets. The nomi
nation of a successor to the deceased
preacher rests with R. E. Coyle, the pre
siding elder.
The funeral will take placs to-morrow
at 1 p. m. from Grace Church, corner of
Capp and Twenty-first streets.
» ♦ — »
LORING CLUB CONCERT.
Classical Programme Rendered by Art
ists Before a Large and Ap
preciative Audience.
Last night's concert of the Loring C!nb
attracted a large and appreciative audi
ence to Odd Fellows' Hall. The pro
gramme was perhaps rather classical for a
general audience, but was cordially re
ceived.
Among the choral numbers were the
Theresa waltzes of "Faust." "The Desert
Fountain" by Gade, a chorus from "The
Voyage of Columbus" by Buck. "Myste
rious Night" by Debois, "Heine yon
Sieier" by Engelsnerg and Mobr's "Hymn
of Praise."
"Hiawatha's Farewell" was splendidly
rendered by J. G. Hump! the well
known baritone, and John Marquadt's in
teipretation of Barasate's fantasia from
"Faust" was cordially applauded.
Miss Adele Brown gained new laurels
by her expressive rendering of the waltz
son? from Guonod's "Koraeo and Juliet"
and several other classic selections.
The concert throughout was of a very
bigh . order and the participants seemed
well deserving of the applause with which
they were greeted.
- 0 »
SHOT 1.. H : FOOT.
John Murray, a Burglar, Caught in the
Act of Robbing a Saloon.
John Murray, an ex-convict, broke into
the grocery and saloon of John Schwets
cher. corner of Fiibert and Battery streets,
at an early hour yesterday morning.
He bad filled his pockets with whisky
bottles and cigars when Special Officer
Duzer happened along and heard the
none. Murray dashed through a window
and ran along Battery street. Duzer
called upon him to stop, but he continued
his flight. Duzer fired two shots at him,
one -of li.c bullets striking his left foot and
bringing bim to a sudden stop.
Murray was taken to the City Prison
and a charge of burglary was booked
against him. He was then taken to the
Receiving Hospital and Dr. Bunnell
dressed his wounded ioot, Murray is an
old-time member of the notorious Murray
gang that at one time operated on "the
hill." He has recently been following the
occupation of a boatman.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1896.
THE "EXAMINER" OPPOSED
FREE COINAGE.
Roundly Denounced 16 to 1 and the
"Windy West."
Last Year Editor Hearst Said Ruin Would Surely
Follow Any Lower Ratio Than
25 to I.
The Call herewith presents some interesting facts bearing on the attitude of the
San Francisco Examiner and the New York Morning Journal on the silver question,
facts which show young Mr. Hearst in his coat of many colors — now blowing hot for
silver, awhile ago blowing cold on the same issue.
It should be remembered that the millionaire silver-mine owner is the editor of
the only paper in New York that advocates the free coinage of silver and the owner
of the only morning paper in San Francisco that is supporting the free-silver can
didate for the Presidency. The argument which Mr. Hearst's editors are now pound
ing away on is that the f~ee coinage of silver will benefit the poor man — that the rich
are all opposed to Bryan and his Chicago platform. ■
However, in the inventory of the estate of Senator Hearst, left to Mrs. Hearst and
William R. Hearst, are f«>und some facts and figures that would point to a very strong
personal interest in the free coinage of silver on the part of Mr. Hearst himself.
Mr. Hearst is not a poor man — not by a good many million dollars. Senator
Hearst left his widow and son over $5,000,000 worth of silver mining stock — the exact
fignre, as estimated by the appraisers, being $5,369,529 60. With the Anaconda stock,
not counted, as it has since been sold, the estate still owns $1,769,529 worth of invest
ments in silver mines.
Following is the appraisement of the mining stock alone left by Senator Hearst, the
silver mines being designated by heavy black type:
MINING STOCKS.
8 hare*. Value.
Anaconda Mining Company* 120,000 $3,600,000 00
Daly Mining Company 27,633 1-5 525,030 80
Ontario Mining Company 32,281 1,226,678 00
Yuba Gold Mining Comrany 43,750 21,875 0 0
Mammoth Grove Mining Company 50,000 500 00
Homestake Mining Company 5 40 0 0
Homestake Mining Company 24,1661-3 193,330 6 6
Highland Mining Company 34,285 205.710 10
Deadwood Terra Mining Company 42,418 1-8 21.209 06
Father de Smet Con. Mining Company 19,609 1-5 4,902 30
Texas Fiat G. and S. Mining Company 25,453 10,181 20
Clara Con. G. and S. Mining Company 50,000 50,000 00
Phoenix Silver Mining Company - 4,476 1-5 2,238 10
Brewster (South Carolina) Mining Company 75.000 50,000 00
Jocuistita (South Carolina) Mining Company 12,001 1-5 No value.
Others no value
$5,911,691 12
Mining properties not Incorporated —
Sierra Gravel Mine, Sierra County 2,000 00
Sfindry mining ventures with J. B. Haggln...... 50,000 OO
Chrome mine in Sisklyou and Shasta Counties.. 1,000 OO
•5,964,791 13
Mining and other properties at Sheep Ranch,
Calaveras County 75.000 OO
♦Since been sold. 56, 039,691 13
Following is the appraisement of the entire Hearst estate, valued at that time at
$8,738,13715. The Examiner does not appear in the appraisement, as it had been
deeded previously to the son, the present owner:
Milling; stock 95,911.695 13
Mines and mining claims not incorporated 96,659 71
Miscellaneous stocks 555,440 00
Kills receivable 31.154 41
A. K. Head, advance* 2,242 \)2
San F'inclgco real estate 749,139 20
San 1 rancisco land companies 189,800 OO
Piedra Blanca Kttnch, San Luis Obispo County 700,370 96
Santa Rosa Ranch, San Lnli Obinpo County 62,738 1O
Brian's Ranch, San l.uln Obinpo County 32,300 OO
Ranch, Alßmedit County 51,838 60
Pleasanton Ranch, Alaineda County , 39,410 25
Palermo Ranch, Butto County , 105,844 90
Palermo Land and \* ater Company, Butte County 37,500 00
Bonita place 10,894 07
Madrone Vineyard, &<-noma County , 72.51H 30
Timber lands. Mendocino County , 14,238 76
Marsh lands, San Mateo County 28.945 85
Lands in Tulare County 14,280 OO
Lands in Fresno County n 9,600 00
Sunnyside Tract, Ma.in County 2,000 OO
Moneys 69,526 OO
Total appraisement 88,788,137 15
The foi lowing extracts from the New York Morning Journal and the Examiner,
shown in parallel columns, give a fair idea of the ease with which Mr. Hearst chansres
his opinions on vital questions of the day. The Examiner in particular was opposed
to the free coinage oi silver until Bryan was nominated, "but it changed its tune
without shame or apology," as the Oregonian says, "and at once became an extreme
advocate of silvnrism." The Journal denounced the Chicago platform as late as July,
and stated without reserve that it was a policy of partial repudiation. The quotations
speak for themselves and are as follows:
FAVORS 25 TO I.
Examiner, May 4, 18M5- The ratio at which
we could safely coin silver under an inter
national agreement is not the same under
which we could do it nlone. With the assist
ance of the principal commercial nations we
could open our mines in security at 15% to 1.
To maintain the parity alone it might be
necessary to make the proportion 25 to 1.
Our experience has not encouraged us to be
lieve we could do this alone at 16 to 1.
1 6 TO 1 A HERESY.
Examiner, May 17, 1895— 1t is the extrem
ists on both sides who are doing all the talking
on the silver question. • • • While the
Illinois Democrats demand the free coinage of
silver at 16 to 1 without international agree
ment, the masses are real bimetallists. They
do not want either to reduce silver to the rank
of token money or to drive gold out of the
country. They are not euperstitiously wedded
to the ratio of 16 to 1.
FREE COINAOE~DANQEROUS.
Examiner, Mry 22. 1895~1t is easy to un
derstand how Mr. Carlisle, who thought it
safe to venture upon free coinage when the
bullion in a silver dollar was worth 90 cents,
should be unwilling to take the chances when
the r&te has cotr.e down to 50 cents.
AGAINST THE_BRYAN PLAN.
Examiner, May 30. 1895— Senator Sherman
could easily have made a strong argument
against the free coinage of silver by this coun
try at the present ratio, but apparently he
preferred to maite a weak one.
FREE COINAGE DENOUNCED.
Examiner, Mny 25, 1895— Mr. Carlisle's
speech at Memphis was a very able effort. As
regards the 16 to 1 proposition it was nearly
conclusive. • • • The only question is
how much the 'ofjislation of any one country
can do. When Mr. Carlisle says that it could
not possibly restore the old parity of 16 to 1
he is probably right, but when be holds it
could do nothing ne is probably wrong.
THE WINDY WEST.
Examiner, April 18— President Cleveland's
letter on the money question has excited more
indignation among the silver men than could
be justified by its wording. • • • His
hopes for sound money and the protest against
the "illusions of a debased currency" • » •
might be echoed by every man of ordinary
sanity in the country. • • • The President
is hardly less safe when he deprecates
silver monometallism. But the meaning to be
read into the letter by President Cleveland's
acts and opinions in the past makes these
harmless platitudes the red rag to the silver
champions of the windy West.
♦i * Tl1 ? Jk COT £ Of .Mr«. Mr « Hearst 8 New York paper is more shameful, if anything, than
that of t the Examiner for; the Journal was brave enough to denounce the Chicago
platform, ever, alter it had swallowed Governor Altgeld's candidate Bryan " DlC!i - 0
In introducing the question of Bryan's candidacy tns Jonrnßl Raid in Jnlv th.r
tSSStSVtiSSS* " involvea confaßion ' tot "-»»^- "SSSSStiS^SK
To bring about the political millennium the Journal urged Democrats everywhere
to .'vote for sound-money Congressmen and the National ticket' SiV strangely.
•The election of a free-silver President would not necessarily mean the free coinafe of
hou'es of Con ' PreSldent COuld do woul <i be tosign a bifl passed by foth
X . But the Journal has still a, "last resort," which it thinks may furnish pegs to han*
hopes upon., Should the. scheme to elect a hostile Congress fail then there the hone
that Mr. Bryan, "sobered by the responsibilities of pßwer m« fai lt« ,liv. «n to ?h!
BELIEVES IN 16 TO 1.
Examiner, September 13, 1896— TJndeT free
coinage the silver dollar will be worth exactly
the same as the gold dollar, and the parity be
tween silver and gold coined or uncoined will
be 16 to 1 throughout the world.
16 TO 1 A CURE-ALL.
Examiner, September 13. 1896— When we
have free coinage of both gold and silver at
the ratio of 16 to 1 there will be a breaking up
of the hard financial winter that hag frozen
the industrial energies of this new and
wealthy country.
FREE COINAGE BENEFICENT.
Examiner, September 8, 1896-But IfTthe
United States by throwing open Its mints to
free coinage raises the bullion ratio to 16 to 1,
all coins struck at this ratio will then become
full and independent parts of the world's
currency. They will be real money instead of
representative money.
BRYAN'S PLAN INVINCIBLE.
The Examiner, Sept. 10, 1896— 8 at at least
Mr. Bryan's attack on the existing system is
not to be answered. Very wisely the Demo
cratic nominee has taken the offensive.
FREE COINAQE APPROVED.
Examiner, Sept. 21, 1896— From the begin
nlng of this campaign it has been asserted in
these columns that the straight road and the
only road to international bimetallism is the
undertaking of an independent course in this
regard by the United States.
THE WEST_IS WISE.
Examiner, Sept. 12, 1896— The fanners of
lowa are wise. They are going to vote for
Bryan. The downward course of prices ot
farm produce in the past twenty years is suffi
cient demonstration for them that if the con
stant appreciation of the gold dollar is to be
continued they will very soon lose what they
have. • • •
The immediate effects of free coinage we
may thus conclude would not be to make acute
changes in prices or to disorganize induntrv.
It would be a little less difficult to sret moneV.
I here would be a little more circulating cap-
U. t0 < work wltn > Dut th ere would still be lesa
than is needed to put the business of the coun-
( try on a (.table basis.
UNCLE SAM'S MAIL
WORK OF A YEAR
Report of the Fourth As
sistant Postmaster-
General,
OFFICES ESTABLISHED.
Special Reference Made and
Praise Given to the Work
of Inspectors.
NOTED CRIMINALS CAPTURED.
Many Green-Goods Men Now Behind
the Bars— Other Features
of the Report
The annual report of Fourth Assistant
Postmaster-General Maxwell, just made
public through Local Inspector-in-Charge
Munro, contains much of interest.
There are three divisions under the
charge of the Fourth Assistant Postmaster-
Gensral, namely, appointments, bonds and
commissions, and postoffice inspectors and
mail depredations. The report outlines
the work of the bureau for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 1896.
On that date the total number of post
offices in operation in the United States
was 70,360. Of these, 66,725 were fourth
class offices and 3695 Presidential, being an
increase over the last fiscal year of 296.
During the year 2046 postoffices were estab
lished and 1750 discontinued. The total
number of appointments for the year was
12.090 and the total number of cases acted
upon 15,532.
During the year the largest gain in the num
ber of offices has been in Mississippi, 83
Georgia following with 54. The greatest loss
has occurred in West Virginia, 23. Twenty
six States and Territories show a net gain of
484, while nineteen snow a net loss of 188.
The number of offices in Alaska, Delaware
District oi Columbia, Illinois, Rhode Island
and South Dakota has remained unchanged
It will be seen that 2016 postoffices have
been established the pasi nscal rear and 1750
discontinued, a net gain of 296. Wherever
the exigencies of the case seemed to demand
offices have been established, but in many in
stances where the proposed office would be too
near one already in operation the department
has declined to establish it.
That the work of this division is as nearly
up to date hs its character will admit is best
evidenced by tne following facts: Only a trifle
over 1 per cent of the postmasters in the
United States have resignations on file, while
a little over one-tenth of 1 per cent of the of
fices are vacant from deaths of postmasters.
This is by far the smallest number of resig
nations and reports o, death on rile since the
postal system has approached its present pro
portions.
By far the most interesting of the statis
tical tables in the report is the following,
show ng the
TOTAL KITIf BES OF POSTOPFICIM IN THE UNITED
STATES ON JUNE SO OF EACH YEAB SINCE 1790.
Year.
No. Yemr.
No. Year.
So.
1780 75 1826.... 6.150 1862 28.875
J7»l 89 18*7 7,300 1863 29,047
1792 1H.V1828 7,530 18K4 28 878
3793 209 1829 8,004 865 UU.550
1794 450 18110. .. 8450 1886 23,8j8
1^95 453 1831 8.686 1867 25 163
1796 468 1832 9,205j1868 26,481
1"»7 564 1833 10,1^711869 27.1U6
179S 639 B*4 1.'.69:<i1870 28,492
1799 677 1835 10,7701 1871 30,04b
JBW 903 1836 11.091 1872 31.863
1801 1.0:6; 1837 U.7.17'1873 33 244
1802 1,114 1 1838 12,519 1874 34.294
1803 1,258 . 1839 12,780 1875 35,547
IHO4 1,40.% 1840 13,468 1876... 36 383
1805 1,558 1841 13.778; 877 37.345
IHO6 1.710 1849 13,788 1878 b8,258
5807 1,8481843 13,814 1579 40.588
1808 1,944 1844 14. 103 ■ 1880 42.989
1809.... 2,0^2 1845.... 14.183 1881 44.512
1810 2.300 IS4H 14,601 1882 46,231
1«11 2.403 1847 16,146 I^B3 46 820
1812 2,610 1848 16,159 1884... 48,434
1813 1849..... 16. 749 18X5 51.252
1814 2,670 1860 18 417 )Bf>6 53.614
iBl5 3,000 1851 19,796 1887 55,157
1816 3,260 1852 20,901 18S8 67,375
1817 3,469 1853 2.. 320 1889 ?>8,999
1818 3,6191864 23,548 1890.. 62 401
1819...^ 4.000 1855 24.410 18 1 .... 64 3"9
1820 4,5001856 25,5651892 67 119
1821 4,6501857 86,6861 1893 .68^403
1822 4.7-9! 18 »8 27.977 1894 69,805
1823 6,043 1869 *8.5:-9 ; 1895... 70 064
18.4.... 6,182|1860 28,498,1896 70,360
1825 5.677J1861 2s!aßu! ............. ...„.
This table shows the gradual increase in the
number of postoffices from the time when
mails were transported almost entirely on
horseback to the present day of steam and
electricity. The records of this bureau fail to
give the number of offices in existence in 1813.
With the exception of a slight decline in 1842,
the table shows a steady increase from 1790 to
1859, when for severm years the variation was
slignt until 1865, during which year 8328
offices in excess of the number established
were dropped from the records, owing to the
disorganized condition of affairs at that time.
Since that date the number has steadily in
creased.
Of the twenty postoffices in the Territory of
Alaska, but one has reached the Presidential
class. Juneau was made a third-class office on
the Ist day oi April last.
Since the organization of the Inspector force,
a quarter of a century ago, it has not simply
developed in numerical strength, but has se
cured such high character and effectiveness in
its personnel as to entitle it to rank as one of
the most important adjuncts of the postal ser
vice.
Under the head of arrests for offenses against
the postal laws it is shown that during the
year there were 2074. of which number 158
were postmasters, 55 were assistant postmas
ters, 43 were clerks In postoffices, 14 were rail
way posioffice clerks, 34 Were letter-carriers,
49 were mailcarriers and 9 others were em
ployed in minor positions in the postal ser
vice. Four hundred and seventy postofflce
burglars were arrested, while the remainder of
1225 were persons not connected with the
postal service, who were arrested for various
offsnses against the postal laws. Of this num
ber 1108 cases were disposed of iv the United
States courts and 38 in the State courts.
There were 1621 postofflces burglarized dur
ins the fiscal year 1894, and 1561 offices sub
jected to' the same class or depredation in
1895. or a decrease of 2 per cent, while during
the last year there were 1474 reports of
burglaries received, or a further decrease of a
little less man 6 per cent for the year, and a
decrease of a little over 9 per cent as com
pared with 1894. On the other hand, wnile
the burglaries are shown to be on the increase,
the number of burglars apprehended indicates
a corresponding increase. During the year
1894 there were 351 of these offenders ar
rested. Id 1895 tne number of burglars cap
tured was 423, being an increase of 29 per
cent, and during the last fiscal year 470 such
criminals were apprehended, making an in
crease of 10 per cent over the previous year.
Thus, while the number of postoffices depre
dated upon by this dangerous class of crimi
nals has steadily decreased during the past
two years, the number of offenders arrested
has increased nearly 34 per cent.
The final pages of the report are ren
dered peculiarly interesting by a brief
synopsis of some of the special cases suc
cessfully prosecuted during the last year,
and they afford an insight into the meth
ods employed by postollice inspectors.
Among these canes may be mentioned
that of William B. Marsh, tried and con
victed of robbery of the mail staee near
Houston, Idaho: the robbery of the mail
stage near Spear fish, 8. D., by George R.
Hayes and Ulysses G. Pitts; the holdup
and robbery of (he Oregon mail train near
Kiddle, Or.; the arrest of George Carson
and Sidney Yennie, who were implicated
with Killoran, Allen and Russell in a
number of bold daylight robberies of post
office safes, wherein the robbers secured
thousands of dollars' worth of stamps;
and the apprehension of Abe Rothschild,
who, though only forty-five years old, has,
according to his own confession, over two
hundred criminal charges against him in
the United States, distributed in every
State and Territory, and wqo has com
mitted crimes in Canada, Mexico, Cuba,
OTrW TO-DAT-DET GOODS.
AUTUMN
NOVELTIES
Special Exhibition of High Nov-
elty Colored and Black French
Dress Goods.
NOVELTIES in Twine Cheviots
Black and Colored.
NOVELTIES in Fancy Etamines
Black and Colored.
NOVELTIES in Pireola Cloths
Black and Colored.
KOVELTIES in Camels-Hair Boncles
Black and Colored.
NOVELTIES in Sail Cloths
Black and Colored.
NOVELTIES in Fancy Covert Cloths.
NOVELTIES in Genuine Scotch Cheviots
In Mixtures and Checks.
NOVELTIES in Two-Toned Leather Cloth.
-e=S — SPECIAL ! — 5=3-
-100 pieces FANCY FRENCH CHEVIOTS, in
solid colors only, 46 inches in width,
Price, 75c per Yard.
111, 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
England and France. This confirmed
offender attempted to purchase his release
from the inspector who first arrested him
in California, and has tried to bribe every
jailer who has had him in custody since.
It is evident that General Maxwell does
not intend to leave any doubt in the minds
of those who read his report as to his vig
orous warfare upon the "green goods"
swindle, and particularly upon those who
are engaged in the dissemination of scur
rilous and obscene matter. He speaks
upon this latter subject with mnch earnest
ness and reiterates his recommendation
that more stringent statutes be enacted
relating to it.
In previous reports reference has been made
to the successful efforts of the inspectors in
checking the distribution of scurrilous and
obscene matter through the mails. The
offenses of ti is nature are of various degrees
of gravity, ranging from mere technical viola
tions of the law to the 'most shocking and out
raeeous assaults upon decency and morality.
The postal card and anonymous letter are
most frequently utilized, as they afford a se
cret and apparently safe method for the grati
fication of malice and spite. The investiga
tion of this class of cases often leads to most
startling disclosures. Both men and women
of high rank and station in life and appar
ently good breeding and refinemer. t have
beer, discovered to be the senders of the most
shocking examples of this closs of matter, and
the revelations made have in some instances
led to acrimonious dissensions, resulting in
the division of communities.
The immense profits realized from the sale
of obscene literature have induced dealers to
run great risks, and sample copies of such
publications are often sent by mail into schools
and seminaries. This nefarious business was
attaining alarming proportions on the Pacific
Coast and the local officers appeared powerless
to check it. The matter was placed in the
hands of our inspectors, and as a result iv the
thirteen months preceding June last one pub
lisher and three of the largest dealers in that
territory have been arrested, convicted and
imprisoned. The moral effect of taese convic
tions cannot be overestimated.
WOMAN SUDDRAGE NOTES.
The Campaign at Sacramento Will Open
With a lially To-Day.
The woman suffrage campaign in Sac
ramento will open with a grand rally
to-night in the Clunie Opera • house.
The * meeting will be preceded by an in
formal parlor meeting a! the Golden Eagle
Hotel, where the suffrage workers will be
introduced to the State officers, political
leaders and prominent society people.
Miss Anthony and Mrs. Carrie Chapman-
Catt will "talk suffrage" in their convinc
ing way.
The convention will be attended by lead
ine , politicians of s all , parties, and it is
hoped that the higher State officers will
also take part. Mrs. E. G. Greene has the
affair in charge and is doing ; her best to
render it a brilliant success. Among the
workers from this City who intend par
ticipating are Mrs. A. A. Sargent, Miss
Susan B. Anthony, Mrs;. John F. Swift
Mrs. Carrie Chapman-Catt and Mrs. Aus
tin Sperry.
The workers are going about the State
lecturing in even the smallest towns as
well as in the cities. Miss Anna H. Shaw
spoke Monday at Healdsburg. i
To-day she and - Miss - Anthony
will speak at ; the Woman's Congress at
La keport, whence Miss Shaw will goto
Ukiah on Thursday and to Santa Rosa on
Fnday returning; hither in time to ad"
?i on S o?Sa Y nd U *'* ChriStiaD ASS ° Cia -
Mrs. Carrie Chapman-Catt was booked
° r rt a »P e h ech «».St. Helena yesterday
«l?v sK". H'"^ ht at Sacramento
ralij. She and Miss Anthony will then
proceed south, soeaking at Visalia on Fri
day and at Hanford on Saturday.
The local work is , booming, and Mrs
fe^rabKuK Ub ° rganil " haa ™
.. The campaign concert to be eiven by
Playing much enthusiasm and l ability in"
managing the business part of theeJJnU
A Naval Cadet.
C*"4-"F? "PR AT 1
REMOVAL SALE!
Furniture Bargains !
! ■ TIME speeds along. The month of Sep-
tember is . here." Only a short time left to
close out the balance of our stock. Not a
dollar's worth ' will go into oar new
building. .
This will be the most attractive week ot
the season. THE LAST VESTIGE OF
PROFITS WILL BE THROWN AWAY.
COME FACE TO *'ACE WITH OUR
BARGAINS and . see the wonderful per-
suasive power of our prices. Bring this
adv. with you' as a price list; it will aid
you greatly in buying.
Every article quoted below stands unpre-
cedented and unrivaled in the history of
bar rain offerings.
FASHIONABLE. MAHOGANY PAR-
LOR SUIT, 5 pieces, covered with tf>QA AA
Silk Brocßiel •paV.UI)
SOLID OAK BOX-SEAT DINING- d>l rfc
CHAIR, with sty ish slat back. $!.{•)
BEAUTIFUL WHITE ENAMELED tf»fi -A
BED, brass trimmed JpO.Oll
RICHLY CARVED SIDEBOARD, with *|A A A
a 28-16 plate $ IU.VV
MAHOGANY COBBLER-SEAT ROCK-
ER, graceful design and highly *flfl"
; polished * . _ _ $ ( d
SOLID OAK BEDROOM SET ot 6
pieces, 20-24 glass, elaborately *1 nX A
ELEGANT COMBINATION BOOK-
CASE AND WRITING DESK, with $13 & A
pattern French-plate mirror $li.dlP
DAINTY WILLOW ROCKER $2.25
Handsome quarter-sawed OAK LI- d»R aa
BRARY TABLE, with 24x36 top. . . Jfcd.UO
Four-room outfit COMPLETE— P\R-
r eh b e^:: oom :. d ! nin : g ; ro6m : $75.03
CASH OB EAST PAYMENTS ALL
OVER THE COAST.
M. FRIEDMAN & GO.
224, 228, 230 and 306, 308
STOCKTON STREET,
A net 237 Post Street.
Telephone Grant 13. Open Evenings.
LOOKJIERE!
ca e RR y IN STOCK
The largest and best selected line of
UMBRELLAS
AT 25 PER CENT LESS THAN CAN
BE BOUGHT ELSEWHERE.
26-Inch Gloria, Fast BUck Porcelain Knobs.. 65a
26-lnchMlk Warp Gloria. Paragon Frame,
9«_i? S e \? d Whtte Cll "' 1(1 KnohsT steel Kod.«l 50
iitt-Uica English (Jiorla. Paragon Frame.
Fancy Porcelan Knob?.... -.. $115
w 5" n , BUsh u '° U. Fast Black, Natural
28-ln^.h 00 £ 1U1(1 KllOos - 76 °
■«J-lnch Silk . Un , v loria. Paragon Frame,
9«i , tU l . WoodCroolc !i*m» Knobs *1 IS
«-Inch Silk Warp Gloria, Paragon Frame,
. >aujral Wood Crooks, sterling silver
• • • '•
49-BAZORS and SHEARS ground by
•killed mechanics, a specialty. j
p 18-820 MARKET tt