VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 98.
DEFINED THE REAL ISSUE.
What This Country Needs
Most Is Protective
Laws.
RETURN TO THE REPUBLI
CAN POLICY.
General Barnes Was Applauded
When He Pointed the Way
to Prosperity.
LARGE GATHERING IN THE
AUDITORIUM.
It Demonstrated Keen Appreciation of Errors
Abounding in the Democratic Policy, the
Same Being Well .Riddled by
the Logic of Facts.
A large and brilliant audience assem
bled last evening at the Auditorium to
listen to an address by General W. H. L.
Barnes on the issues of the campaign. All
the seating capacity of the large building
was occupied long before the hour for be
ginning the speaKing, and hundreds of j
men and many ladies stood in the rear of
the hall and even on the stairs leading to j
th" >eri*>u. The stave was thronged by I
representative Republicans, many ladies
gracing it.
Judge James A. Way mire presided. He
spoke only briefly, saying that he had
been requested by the State Central Com
mittee to preside, and assuring the audi- j
ence that they would listen to a speaker j
of absolute candor, ability and persuasive \
power. He then introduced General
Barnes.
Tne speaker of the evening read mostly
from his notes a carefully prepared ad
dress, but circumstances caused him to
spontaneously speak outside of the set ad- !
dress. During the speech he mentioned j
the names of the various Presidential and j
Vice-Presidential candidates. When he j
mentioned the name of Bryan two or j
three persons in the gallery applauded.
"Bryan," said the speaker, l i- a free
trader, a Democrat, a free silver man and
a Populist — now applaud if you will."
No one applauding General Barnes went
on encouragingly: "I like to have people
say what they think. That is why I like
the Salvation Army. They love Jesus
and they are not afraid to say so. They
are not like some of us who sneak into
church on Sunday and then act all the
week as if we were trying to persuade
people that we had never been there."
There were taking phrases which caught
the ears of the audience and called out
their applause. This was particularly no
ticeable when he described Sewall and
Watson as "that comical pair of twins,
both Dy the same mother, but with a dif
ferent father," and also said of them that
"while Sewall sends to sea some ships,
Watson is himself at sea; he has not been
notified of his nomination yet, but I am
pleased to see that be occasionally throws
a rocket or burns a little red fire to let the
committee on nomination know where he
is at."
There was laughter at "that part of the
circus allied to the monkey t-iat follows
around after the band wagon' and
applause when he contrasted with Bryan's
campaigning "the dignified way in which
McKinley is acting while a candidate."
The speaker also caused laughter when
he described the proceedings of the Chi
cago convention referring to "the brute
from South Carolina who wielded his
verbal tomahawk to scalp the only man
who has dragged the Democratic party to
success, in thirty-five years," and describ
ing the financial action of that convention
by saying "the whole herd ran down the
bill and plunged into the sea of repudia
tion."
He also provoked continuous lauehter
by his allusion to Senator White: "Steve
White is a fine fellow' with many ideas asa
statesman, whose only fault is that he was
born a Democrat and that he would fol
low the Democratic party, if it should
lead him, down a smooth place into the
fires of roaring, raging hell and think he
was only being warmed when he was be
ing roasted."
Much applause followed the sneaker's
assertion that "what this country "needs is
a return to the tariff conditions of 1892."
There was no doubt from .the manifesta
tions that the audience was strongly in
favor of protection. The speech was very
Jong, lasting two and a half hours. The
salient points are given below:
Fellow Citizens: Whatever the Intelligence
and conservatism of the Republican party as
sembled in National convention decide is for
the best good of the Nation, for the mainten
ance of prosperity at home and honor abroad,
is good enough for me. That I have in a gene
ral way hoped for the remonetization of silver,
under proper conditions, I do not deny, But
if for its sake I must now accept the vicious
declarations' of the platform of the silver Dem
ocrats and Populists and their candidate; if I
must help to defeat William McKinley; if I
must aid by my vote to inflict upon the people
of the United States the undeserved chastise
ment of four jears more of such wretched con
ditions as the four now closing have laid upon
them; if I must help to place in power n party
which without disguise proposes to destroy
liberty and replace it with the tyranny of law
lessness, to substitute for protection h system
of free trade which assails and threatens to
destroy tne prosperity of every producer, man
ufacturer and wage-earner in the United
States, then no kind of bimetallism, and es
pecially that which the silver Democrats offer,
The San Francisco Call
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896-THITRY-TWO PAGES.
can have my vote. My choice ia fixed. I will
not help to plunge a knife into the heart of my
country or stand supinely by to witness, with
out resistance, a murderous blow aimed at it
by anoiber. 1 prefer the charge ol apparent
inconsistency to that oi real treason.
I know that during twenty-seven years of
political power the Republican party has
proved its full capacity fur good government.
The transcendent glory of its history has rilled
with the sunshine of hope the most shaded
places ol its few defeats. It alone preserved
the Union. It carried it with success through
a gigantic civil war, and by wire legislation
reconstructed the discordant States. It has
demonstrated the inestimable value of protec
tion, and the encouragement to all our
domestic industries achieved by its customs
revenue system. It has been the consiEte it
advocate of a well-devised plan of reciprocity
with other nations, which ought to create the
best foreign market for our surplus products
and manufactures. It has always been the de
fender of a free ballot. It is to-day the advo
cate of sound money.
DEMOCEATS MISLED THE PEOPLE.
With such a record it may well be asked,
"How could the Republican' National party
ever have been defeated in a National elec
tion?" But, in 1884, after twenty- three years
of power, the Republican party was attacked
by the Democrats with a general howl of dis
honeny. They wanted to "turn the rascals
out"; they wanted to see the books, and were
so far believed by the American people that
they did turn the rascals out. They did see
tne books. The result was that whereas the
Republican party had in various ways ex
pended enormous sums of money and incurred
obligations exceeding $3,000,000,000, not a
dollar had been stolen. m:sapplied or lost.
In 1892 the Democracy assailed with succocg
the protective policy which had done so much
for our country, and the people were per
suaded that with practical free fad>? thu con
dition of the workingman in the United States
would be greatly improved. The do?mu found
favor for the moment, and it has needed only
three years of Mr. Cleveland's second adminis
tration to demonstrate its mistake; and now
IN THE EXPOSITION ART GALLERY AT THE
SAN FRANCISCO MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Out at the Mechanics' Pavilion, where the Home Products Fair is in
progress, a favprite resort is the Art Gallery on the south
side. There any a'ternoon or evening may be found a
picturesque parade of art-lovers, while groups of fair critics
occupy the seats around their favorite canvases. The whole
scene forms an attractive kaleidoscope of color in animation,
and one peculiarly characteristic of art-loving San Francisco.
the Democracy, abandoning the tariff issue,
takes its stand on a platform of what It calls
free silver.
The Republican party takes its stand on the
platform oi sound money. It is not prepared
10 allow any owner or holder of silver bullion,
wherever mined, to deposit it at the mints of
the United States and have it coined without
expense to him into alleged silver dollars, each
ot the weight of 41"'< grains of standard sil
ver, and then give h:m the privilege of com
pelling the United States and its citizens, and
no one else in all the wide world, to accept
such dollar* as full legal tender in payment of
all debts, public or private, and in effect to
suffer those who own silver and owe money in
great or small amounts to settle their obliga
tions at 50 cents on the dollar, and to forbid
by law all specific contracts for the payment of
money in any otucr coin than silver dollars
and subsidiary currency.
The Republican party is not in favor of the
ratio of 16 to 1, which ra.ans simply that an
ounce of silver shuh be declared by "law to be
worth $1 29 when its real commercial value in
the world's market is but 68 cents an ounce.
It ia not In favor of an allegi-d dollar worth
only 53 cents and the cost of manufacturing
it. It is in favor of maintaining the present
gold standard until by compact with the civil
ized and commercial nations of the world gold
and silver are put upon parity at some ratio
which all will agree to maintain, and thereby
enable both gold and silver to be legal tender
at such ratio ail over the world for every spe
cies and kind of commercial transaction
wherever undertaken. The one plan seems
plainly honest, the other seem^ as plainly dis
honest; the one is founded upon the exneri
ence of ages, the other upon a recently de
veloped theory: the one is a sale reaiity, the
other i>a dangerous dream.
General Barnes spoke at much length con
cerniug silver and said that the Republican
party had always recognized the claims of
silver, and has time and again endeavored to
protect It and give it value as money, but does
not regard it as the panacea for all the diffi
culties and embarrassments of life and com
merce, nor is the silver mine the only object
of National solicitude. He also arraigned the
Democrats because "they are willing for the
cause of silver to imperil Natioual unity and
conicern themselves very little about a protec
tive^ tariff." Sectionalism ought long ago to
have disappeared from the United States. It
is revived and kept alive only by such a crazy
combination as was made at Chicago between
the silver Democrats and Populists ol the
South. The National party that appeals to
sectional prejudice is to-day, as it was thirty
five years aifo, the enemy of the Union.
THERE ARE NO "CLASSES."
There ougiit to be no classes in this Nation
because there is nothing in this country sither
of wealth or position, of power or energy, that
| is not equally open to all. The poor ol to-day
' may be ihe rich of to-morrow. The rich can
- not entail their accumulations and one genera
i tion squanders what another has amassed,
j Our country is a wonderful equalizer of men
i und fortunes. The humble homes and the
I palaces approach eacu other und exchange
occupants oftener than we think. The poorly
! nourished and rugged prospector in the moun
tain may with a blow of pick or hammer lift
himseli to opulei.ee. The mechanic may in
vent that which may make him and his
chi.dren prosperous. The results oi industry,
i skiil, temperance, order and economy are
i denied to no human being who seeks them.
i A rai -splitt-.T may. develop in,o a PreMdent
| ad the son oi a tanner may become a leader
: of armies.
There is no distinction between the common
j people of the United States and the "creditor
■ class" wnich should make either the enemy of
[ the other. The creditor class exists every
! where. The poor we have always with us.
J Tne creditors are not only bankert, capitalists
! and financiers, they are an innumerable num-
I ber of people oi small means and thrifty hit bits,
j E»ch of the millions of depositors in savings
! banks throughout the United Stales, the mem
bers ol bui.ding associations ana depositors in
trust companies, which together owe them be
tween live and six bi lions of dollars, is a cred
itor. Every o.d soldier who draws a pension
1 is a creditor, and logether they form an aggre
gate to whom the United Stntes owes and pays
every year not te s than $130,000,000. The
debtor class is not made up of rascally insol
i vents who would repudiate .their debts U they
i could, but in the main they are honest lo.'k
! striving to get ou in this worM under many
j difficulties. The relations of the two are so
i connected that, like the States themselves,
'■ whatever injures the creditor injures the
! debtor, and whatever helps the debtor helps
the creditor.
The tariff is of supreme importance, for,
with protection to American industries, we
are safe to emerge, sooner or later, from any
financial di*asUr which weakness or folly or
I error may bring upon the people. The BMJor
j ity of our citizens were misled lour years ago
by men, themselves mistaken, into the belief
I that the prosperity of this country would be
advanced by as near approach to actual free
I trade as conditions tneii existing would per
| mit. But that same majority has changed its
mind. It is no longer necessary to argue the
question. It is necessary only to call attention
to the financial history of this country, to the
past development of its resources, to the p«st
prosperity of its people under a wiseiy ad
justed protective revenue system. A vast m«
-; jonty of the American people are notin favor
. ol either free trade or Afr.can slavery. Both
j have b>en <ietermined by the American peo-
I p c, though doubtless there are living ;o-day
I in some parts of the Union a considerable
! number who still believe in both; yet if pro
■ tection to American products aud industries
j on the one hand and free trade on the other
| constituted t lie only issue between the Reoub
! lican and Democratic parties there wonld
j be henceforth but one dominant party in
I the United States, and that would be the Re
publican party.
AN ESTIMATE OF BRYAN.
After paying a tribute to the Republi
can standard-bearers, the speaKer said:
The Hon. William Jennings Bryan is a Bilvei
Democrat, a free-trader and a Populist. He is
also by profession a lawyer and editor. His
political career dates f :om 1890, when he wms
eh'Cti d from the First Congressional District
of Nebraska to the House of Representatives,
where his political speech's Attracted to him
considerable attention in and ont of Congrats*
He had previously enjoyed a local distinction
as an eloquent spenkt-r ami fully sustained it
in Congress during his two terms in that body
He has always been and is an advocate of ab
solute free trade with all foreign nations uud
GENERAL W. H. L. BARNES.
of direct taxation. He hag always been and is
bitterly opposed to the Republican policy of
protection, and only accepted and voted for
the Wilson-Gorman tariff and the income tax
| measures, not because he approved them, but
because they approached, in a measure, his \
I most radical view?. He violet tlv opposed :
I the repeal ot the Sherman act of 1890, which
occurred during the Fifty-third Conercs, and i
advocated thon, as now, the ideas embodied in
the financial plank of the Silver Democratic-
Populist plattorm.
At the close of his second Congressional term
he became a candidate in Nebraska for the
United States Senate, and canvassed the State
upon the issues of free trade, but he was de
feated by the Hon. John M. Thurston of
Omaha, a Republican and a protectionist. Mr.
Bryan is undoubtedly sincere nnd possesses
the couraze of his convictions. There is not the
slightest doubt what he would do if he could.
Continued on Sixlli Page.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
COLD LEAD
FOR BANDITS
Yolo County Train-Robbers
Encounter a Brave
Engineer.
ONE OF THEIR NUMBER
KILLED.
Unsuccessful Attempt to Hold
Up Overland Express
Number 3.
BOARDED BY OOTLAWS NEAR
SACRAMENTO.
Eaward F Ingals Shoots the Leader
and Speeds the Passengers Out
of Danger.
BACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. s.— As the
eastbound overiand passenger train,
known in railroad parlance as No. 3, was
approHching Swingles station, a small
stopping place between Sacramento and
Davisville, and about eight or nine miles
west of this city, an attempt was made by
three outlaws to hold up the train and
capture the wealth contained in the ex
press-car.
The raiders were defeated through the
bravery of Engineer Ingals, whose cool
strategy saved the Wells-Fargo treasure
and prevented harm to the passengers.
When the ieader of the gang, who had
boarded the engine, turned for a moment
tostiout orders to tlierirenian, Ingals quick
as a flash drew a revolver from a bunker
before him and fired point blank at the
outlaw, who threw up his hands and fell
from the cab.
Ingals then pulled the throttle open and
brought the train on to this city. It came
so fast that the outlaws did not dare to
jump until near the city. If they escaped
death in making the leap it was a miracle.
The passengers were fired upon by one
of the outlaws, but none were injured.
The scene of the raid is a lonely spot in
the center of the great Yolo basin, and is
peculiarly adapted for outlaw raids be
cause of its total isolation from any
habitation.
It was in this place that Brady and
Browning boarded the overland on the
10th of October, in 1894, and after un
coupling the express-car made a haul on
the safes of Weiis-Fargo that netted them
$53,000 which they buried in the woods to
be afterward discovered by Harms, the
tramp, whose "swell dash" in San Fran
cisco and ultimate trial and incarceration
in Folsom State prison is still fresh in the
memory of the public.
It seems more than probable that it was
largely t lie success achieved by Brady and
Browning that induced the participants
in to-night's hold-up to make the bold en
deavor to follow tneir lootsteps.
The reasons they did not meet the same
success were that they evidently were not
railroad men, as their every action plainly
proved that they were unaccustomed to
NEW TO-DAT.
I had an obstinate skin disease, called Eczema.
My body, head, and arms were covered with
spots like drops of mortar, which came off in
layers of dry scales. 1 suffered for over a year ■
■without relief, consulted several doctors with-
out aid, and had almost given up hope. I saw
an advertisement about Cutioura Kexediks;
took them, and in tight week* I was as well as *
ever, for my skin is as nice and clear as abiibv's.
GEO. REABUBN, Hanover, Ontario, Canada.
Spbtdt Curb Treatment.— Warm baths
with Cuticura Soap, gentle applications of Ctt-
ticuka (ointment), the great dkin Cure, exter-
nally, and mild doses of CUTICURA Resolvent,
greater t of humor cures.
Sold throughout the world. Price, CrTicriu. We.;
Soip. Me.) Resolvent. Me. »nd f I. I'ottek Duva
and Chum. Corp.. Sole Props.. Boston.
0- *' How to Cure Every Skin Diteue," mailed free
WHY
Be bothered with inferior goods when you
can get a first-class article if only you
will call for it.
LEVI STRAUSS & GO'S
CELEBRATED COPPER RIVETED
OVERALLS AND SPRING BOTTOM PANTS
Are made of the best materials.
Sewed with the best threads.
Finished in the best style.
EVERY GARMENT GUARANTEED.
FOR SALE EVERYWHERE. .
S END for a picture of our
Factory, we will mail one to you free
of charge.
WE EMPLOY OVER 500 GIRLS.
ADDRESS: LEV. STRAUSS & CO.
San Francisco,
California.2
the method of uncoupling cars, and that
Engineer Edward F. Ingals was a man of
iron nerve, who having met train robbers
before was perfectly conversant with tueir
methods of transacting business.
From the minute the boyish nsure ap
peared over the back of the tender and in
phrill tones demanded "All hands up"
Ingals was prepared to protect the lives of
the passengers and save the treasure en
trusted to his care.
In a second he, by a brief order to his
fireman, persuaded him to obey the rob
ber's orders without question, and wben
told to run slowly ahead he turned again
to the throttle and obeyed implicitly.
This action on his part allayed the sus
picions of the youthful highwaymen, and
by so d*oing Ingals shortly afterward was
enabled to take lm pistol Irom the box at
his feet and fire the shots that stopped for
all time the career of at least one of the
desperadoes.
Ingals is an old-timer in the employ of
the Southern Pacific Company and has
been in hold-ups before. The fireman was
Pat Burns.
Engineer Ingals saia to-night:
"After passing Swingle station a man
climbed over the tender and, looking over
the coal-board, commanded, 'Throw up
your hands.' 1 could see from his attitude
and his tone tbat he meant business, and
I also got the impression that he was an
old hand at the business.
"He was a tall and slender young fellow.
He did not wear a mask, but had a hand
kerchief tied across the lower part of his
face. It had slipped down exposing his
mouth and a sandy mousta che.
"1 had my hands up. Burns was slow
in doing so, and I shouted to him to
throw up his hands. He did so. I con
cluded that I had better obey the order,
thinking I might have a chance to do
something later.
"He told me to slow down, and I com
plied. He then told me to run slowly to
the long trestle, which is known on the
road as bridge 82 A, and to stop the train
four car lengths from the east end of the
bridge.
"As I stopped the train another masked
man climbed up the bank and asked t'.e
train-robber in the cab if everything was
all right. The young fellow said:
" 'Yes. all fixed.'
"The man on the engine then ordered
me to pull the train up two car lengths
further. He told Burns, the fireman, to
get off the engine. He told him to go
back with the masked roan, who had
climbed up the bank, and uncouple the
express-car from the rest of the train.
Burns and the masked robber started back
along the train.
"The conductor and brakeman came
out ou to the platform of one of the cars
to see why the train stopped. The masked
robber shot at them twice with his revol
ver, and with a string of oaths ordered
them back into tbe train.
"At the sound of the shooting," Ingals
continued, coming to a more graphic
period in the story, "the robber with me
in the engine stepped to the side between
the cab and tender and looked back. He
turned his back to me.
"That was my opportunity and I lost
not a second in taking advantage of it. I
reached down into my locker, got my re
volver and shot him in the back. I shot
again and he pitched forward from the
engine to the earth and rolled down the
bank.
"As he fell his revolver went off. Then
I pulled the throttle wide open. I had
business in Sacramento right away, and I
got there. The fireman was back on the
train. I fired all the way in myself, and
kept poking coal into her all the way. We
got in thirteen minutes late."
B. A. Johnson, a brakeman on the train,
was left on the platform at Swinple Sta
tion, owing to the fact that the train
pulled out so suddenly. He says the train
was gone before he could catch even the
rear platform.
"While I Btood there looking after the
train," said Johnson, "a tramp came up
to me and told me that there was a man
killed down by the bank and asKed me if
the train, which was just coming into
Bight behind the overland, would not stop
and take the dead man, who was the rob
ber shot by Itigals, into Sacramento.
"I told him I did not know. The tramp
also told me thathe and a companion had
been camping there, and that a short time
before the overland arrived there three
men came up to them and ordered them
to help uncouple the train, threatening to
kill them if they did not do so.
"He said the other tramp broxe and ran
into the darkness, but he stayed there, not
desiring to lose his blankets. I got on to
the Oregon express and came into Sacra
mento, which is the end of the division."
Pat Burns, who was firing lor Ingals on
the overland, is a strong, sturdy young
fellow, whose face displays in every fea
ture an undaunted courage.
In telling his story, the \ oung man was
extremely reluctant to speak of the part
he took in assisting Engineer Incals in
defeating the aims of the bandits.
"When I heard a voice shout, 'Hold tip
your v hands, everybody,' " he said, "and
looked up, I saw the slim lad standing on
the tender with his gun pointed at Ingals,
and 1 thonzht it was a grand josa, and
could not for a moment realize that the
lad was in earnest, for I knew that there
was a large camp of bridgemen and labor
ers near by, who were engaged in repairing
the trestles, and I thought .it once that it
was one of these playing a joke on me.
"But when I heard Ingals say, 'Get
your hands up there, quick,' I knew it
was all off, so I just stuck my hands up
and waited for developments.
"When the train slowed down to a stop
the other man came climbing up the
bank with his mask on and wanted to
know if everything was all right.
"Then the masked man ordered me to
come down to the ground, and as I did so
be met me and said, 'Come back here and
cut this train in tiro, back of the express
car.'
"As we went back the conductor and
brakeman got off way down at the rear
end of the train, and I heard a pistol shot
or two. The man who was with me said:
•I wonder what was that,' and I said:
'Ob, I guess some of your gang is firing
to scare the people,' for although I had
never been in a hold-up before, I had read
that that was part of the play.
"Then we got up on to the platform
of the first passenger-car, next to the bag
gage and express car, where we found an
other man standing. He had evidently
been trying to cut the train apart and did
not know how to do it as one lever was
thrown back.
"I took hold of it and tried it, and then
stepped over to the other platform to pull
the wedge and throw back the other le%-er.
Before I could do this the train started
out pretty lively, and as 1 could see was
rapidly gaining speed.
"The robber who was on the platform
when we got on, said: 'I wonder what's
the matter; why don't he make the engi
neer stop?' and then turning to me he
said: 'Here, let that thing alone and set
up these handbrakes.'
"As I did so tne man who accompanied
me said : 'Oh, everything is all ritrht. He
is making the engineer pull up a little
further. Don't cut the train till she stops.'
"Here, you, stand in front of that door.
If there's any shooting coming you can
block their game. They won't shoot at
you.'
"So I stepped In front of the door. As
I did so some one came toward the door,
and the masked man drew his pistol and
took two shots at him over my shoulder.
"By this time the train was running at
full speed, and realizin g that in some way
Ingals had control, I opened the door
and threw myselt backward into the coach
and as soon as I did so both men sprang
off the platform.
"When they jumped we were at least
two miles from where the hold-up was
first, and the train was going at a mile a
minute.
"I can't for the life of me see how any
one could jump from a train going at the
speed ours was without getting killed.
Both of the men I was with were Ameri
cans, and I believe the young fellow who
was killed was also an American.
"The masked man who went back with
me from the engine to cut the train in two
was a short, thick-set man, about five feet
two inches in height and seemed to be
very active and powerful. The fellow on
the platform I could not see very well,
owing to tlie darkness.
"There is one thing sure: none of the
men were railroaders, for I could tell that
by their actions. May be Ingals didn't
rush that train into Sacramento!
"He told me afterward tbat as soon as
he shot the fellow that we left on the en
gine and he had tumbled down the bank
he realized that he had urgent busi
ness in Sacramento, so he just 'pulled her
wide open,' grabbed my shovel and went
to throwing coal.
"You see, Ingals never loses Ms head,
and h« knew that the only show
he had to keep the other robbers
from coming over the top of the
train, taking him in the rear and shooting
him full of holes was to keep the train
jumping so lively that no one could get
over the express cars, and you bet he did
it."
Conductor 0. M. Morris, who was in
Charge of the train, said : "As soon as we
began to slow up I realized that something
was the matter and I started out of the
back door of the last coach to see what
was up.
"The train came to a stop, and I dropped
down on the platform, closely followed by
Brakeman Johnson. As soon as we hit
the platform some one took two shots at
us and yelled, 'Get in there, you ,' and
we stood not upon the order of our going,
but obeyed orders.
"I have been in hold-ups before and I
knew what was up as soon as I saw the
flash of the pistol. On returning to the
coach I started through the train in order
to quiet my passengers.
"Some of them were greatly excited,
but all the train hands knew that
the stopping of the train meant an at
tempt at robbery.
"None of us said anything about it to
the passengers, and as I spoke in an ordi
nary tone of voice, telling them that
everything was all right, their transient
excitement soon subsided.
"As rapidly as 1 coud I made my way
toward the front of the train with the
intention of assisting my bead man in
making a stand against the robbers, in
case they tried to enter the coaches, and
tod the paß3enuers, but I had not got half
tht length of the train when it started
up again and was eooii running at
full speed; and I want to say right
here that I have as gritty a crew as runs
on this road.* Knowing this, I also know
that the train-robbers would be sure tocet
a scrap if they tried to come inside, and
tbat is why I wanted to get to the front
end so as to back the boys up."
As soon as the train arrived in the depot
at Sacramento Conductor Morris ran rap
idly up the stairs leading to the office of
Superintendent Wright and gave notice of
the attempted hold-up, but before any
action could be taken Superintendent
Wright, who was a passenger on the same
train, appeared and in an incredibly short
time had organized a posse of officers.
They boarded an outgoing train and
went forward to the scene of the attempted
robbery in the hopes of finding some traces
of the robbers, who had sprung from the
rapidly moving train, as it was believed by
the authorities that it was utterly
impossible for them to have jumped
from a train running at full speed with
out sustaining injuries which would
necessarily cripple them to such an extent
that their capture could be effected, even
if they were not instantly killed.
Eventually a brief message was received
by messenger that the party had found
the body of the man who was shot by the
engineer, and as soon as possible an en
gine and car with a reinforcement of of
ficers was started for the scene of the
hold-up.
Engineer Ingals lives on Henry street,
Berkeley, and has a wife and one child.
He formerly ran on the Berkeley local and
was known as a cool, courageous man.
COLORED CADETS SCARED OFF.
Two Lad* Appoint' d to Annapolis fail
to A wear for Exnn'lnntion.
WASHINGTON, D, C, Sept. 5.— A dis
patch from Annapolis announces that al
though examination of candidates who
have been appointed cadets to the Naval
Academy is now in progress, neither Jack
son nor Wheeler, the two colored lads
whose appointment by their respective
Congressmen has caused such stir in naval
circles, has reported lor examination.
An intimation that these boys never were
appointed is absurd, inasmuch as the
father of one of them, Emely C. Wheeler,
the Chicago boy, wrote some time ago to
the Rev. Dr. Bishop, a prominent colored
clergyman , of Annapolis, asking for cer
tain information regarding the physical
requirements demanded by the academy
authorities of candidates. It is believed
at . the Navy Department tbat the two
boy 3 have been frightened off by the
bitter tone of cadets and naval officers
generally, indicating their resentment and
their undying hostility to associating with
colored men on terms of equality at the
academy.
I>iit> ihution of Seedt.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. s.— ln a
statement the Department of Agricul
ture, regarding the appropriation at its
command for the purchase and distribu
tion of valuable seeds, the assertion is
given that '-It ia safe to say that each
Senator, Representative and Territorial
delegate in Congress," during the present
fiscal year, "will have at his disposal—
after deducting the one-third allotted by
law to the Secretary of Agiiculture— about
30,000 packages of seeds, or about twice as
many as laat year."
To Change the Crew*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 5.-The
Navy Department has made arrangements
to relieve the "short service" men on the
South Atlantic station. The Castine will
visit the various ships on tbe station and
take from them the men who have but a
short time to serve, replacing them with
"long service" men from her crew. She
will bring the men to Norfolk, take on a
new crew and return to the South Atlantic
Steamer Sunk in Collision.
steamer Ravenshugh, from Alexandria
for Hull, came into collision off Finis
terre yesterday with the steamer Fusiyan,
from Antwerp for Degnorn, sinking the
latter almoat immediately. No lives were
lost.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, STTXDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
BRYAN SPEAKS
AT MILWAUKEE
Talks Against a Rainstorm
Until the Clouds
Roll By.
HAS NO NEW ARGUMENT
But Manages to Hold a Large
Audience More Than an
Hour.
REFEES TO TEE KEW TICKET.
Says the Indianapolis Convention Was
Held in thi Interest of
McKin'ey.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Sept. s.— William
J. Bryan reached the Northwestern station
here at 11:10 this morning, and was met
by ex-Governor Peck and Willis C. Silver
thorn, Democratic candidate for Governor
of Wisconsin. Owing to good police
arragements the crowd gathered at the
station was prevented from rushing on
the platform as at other places visited by
the candidate, and Mr. Bryan, leaning on
the arm of ex-Governor Peck, had a clear
space to his carriage. Chairman James
W. Murphy, United States Collector of
Internal Revenue for the Eastern District
of Wisconsin, and the other members of
the Milwaukee escort committee, who had
met Mr. Bryan at Kenisha, fell in behind
and entered the carriages reserved for
them. The crowd at the station numbered
several thousand, and Mr. Bryan was
cheered in his progress along the plat
form. The route by which he was taken
to the Plankinton Hotel was lined with
people and there wan occasional applau-e,
which grew to an almost continuous cheer
as the Plankinton was aporoiched. The
street in front of the Plankin'on was
packed with people, and when Mr. Bryan
appeared on the balcony they manifested
their feelings in loud yells. Mr. Bryan
made a few remarks and was frequently
interrupted by cries of approval. After
wards he held a brief reception in the
parlors of the hotel.
A rain storm had a bad effect on the
meeting addressed by Mr. Bryan at
National Park this afternoon. A tem
porary stand had be?n erected iv the
center of the half-mile racetrack, within
the x>ark, and at 2:40 o'clock when Mr.
Bryan arrived at the ground, two and a
half miles from Milwaukee, about 5000
people were gathered about it. Many
people had left when the rain began to
fall and those who remained hoisted
umbrellas and decided to stick it out.
The rain became a steady downpour just
as the meetine «vas called to order and the
intended preliminary exercises were cut
short. In fact, there was nothing of a
prefatory character done beyond the pre
sentation of Mr. Bryan by' Judge Silver
thorn, the Democratic nominee for Gov
ernor. He simply presented the young
Neoraskan as the next President of the
United States, and the crowd cheered as
tne latter aro>e to address it. Mountei on
a chair, with a local commiiteeman hold
ing an umbrella over his head, Mr. Bryan
addressed the gathering. He spoke more
rapidly than usual and said at the outset
that he would not make a long address on
account of the condition of the weather,
but when the cloy.Us broke and the Bun
came out, Mr. Bryan was encouraged to
go on aud spoke more than an hour. He
said:
Ladies and gentlemen : I hßve spoken under
various conditions, but I don't believe lever
spoke in the rain before to people who were
held by mere idle curiosity. [Laughter.] I
am not going to talk loug, because it would be
cruel to you to have to staud out here in this
rain, but I am going to talk just enough to
keep my engagement and hope the weather
will be better to-night. We are engaged in a
campaign in which you are interested, because
if the money question is of such great im
portance that the financiers feei justified in
laying aside all party lines to look at what
they consider their interest, then I believe the
masses of the people are interested enough to
lay aside party lines aud look alter their in
terest. [Applause.]
The Republican platform declares the Amer
ican people must stand oy and undergo a gold
standard until the civil. zed nations take pity
on us and release us from our rafferinjn
There are people who are i.fraid this Nation is
not blgenoueh to run itself. But the people
who lack confidence in American institutions
are not the people who produce the wealth of
America. If the gold standard is m good ihinjf
why did the Repuolican party pledge itself to
get rid of it? Is there anything too good for
the American people? If the gold standard is
good, the Republican party ought to pledge
its It toke.-pit regardless of wnat the other
uations say or thins. If the gold standard is
not good enough to keep, it is bad enough to
get rid of, and we ought to ao it without wait*
ing for anybody else"s help. No wan can say
the Ruld standard is a good thing nnd stand on
ihe Republican platform. If he says the goid
standard is a bad thing then he must put him
self in the attitude of making this Nation de
pendent on foreign nations or else come into
our fold and dec. are for the unlimited coinage
of gold and silver at the present ratio of 16 10
1 without waiting for the aid of any other
nation. ]G.-eat applause.]
We know not only what we want, but how
we are going to get it. We have not only
a policy which we can proclaim, but one \v»;
can defend. We are opposed to the gold stand
ard because it is bad, because it has ruined the
commerce of this country and has been de
structive of the interests of this country. Wo
tbink any standard which gives a rising dollar
and falling prices; that makfcs the money
owner great and the producer small, or, as the
Republican candidate for President expressed
it at Toledo some five years ago, "A policy
vihich makes money the master and all else
the servant"; we b :ieve that policy bad and
are oppos.d to sticking to it any longer. [Ap
plause.]
We believe bimetallism will restore the par
ity between money and property. You h ar
people talk about tne parity between two kinds
of metal. The difference b'-tween the advo
cates of the gold standird and the advocates
ol bimetallism is largely this, that the udvo
cate of the gold standard is all the time talk
ing about the difficulty of maintaining the
parity between two kinds of dollars, while the
bimetallist is caliing attention to the fact that
under the present B/stem we are not maintain
ing the parity between a dollar and the prop
erty which a dollar will buy. [Cries of "good/]
The gold-standard advocate is more con
cerned about a difference of 1 per cent be
tween two dollars than the difference of 100
per cent in the price in a dollar now aud
twenty years ago. J'eople tell you the Ameri
can dollar is so much better than the Mexican
dollar, because it will buy two of them. You
tell him when an American dollar will buy
two Mexican dollars it will buy two bushels of
wheat, but the time will come when a Mexi
can dollar will buy three bushels of wheat.
You say you want a dollar good. How good?
So good that you can't get hold oi It?
[Laughter.]
They teil us the laboring man is interested
in the gold standard, because he wants a
dollar *o buy as much as possible. The labor
ing man is more interested in having the op
portunity to earn a dollar. We have hard
times and falling pHces, which are hard on
the laboring man. Laboring men know that
when legislation makes it more profitable fora
man to lock his money up in a vault and
gather in the rise in its value he will do that
instead of employing labor in the develop
ment of the resources of the country. There
is only one way to open the avenue to business
and thus give employment to labor, and that
is to restore enough standard money in the
country to justify a man to spending his
moneyin enterprise instead of loekieg it up.
They talk about a fitty-cent dollar. I never
hear a man say tnat without trucking of tne
man who said he had been so long without a
dollar of any kind that it would hi a godsend
to him to sec any kind of & dollar.
Mr. Bryan went on to say that people
are afraid that under the free coinage of
silver we will have a flood- of money ,~and
he advised all who feared tbat flood to
vote the Republican ticket. His party, he
said, opposes the gold standard becaus-e
they believe the demand for gold has been
pushing its value up and the value of other
things down. They believe tne gap
between gold and silver has been produced
by hostile legislation and that friendly
legislation will give us a gold dollar and a
silvei dollar of equal value. Answering
the question : "If a silver and a jzold dol
lar were worth the same under bimeuil
lisrj, how will it be easier to get a dollar?"
Mr. Bryaa said:
What we complain of most is that the
money-owning and money-ciunging classes
have made dollars dearer" by making them
scarcer, and they did it because they were in
terested in having money go up, and you who
have property have a right to protect your
selves against the conspiracy to iiestroy a pan
of the value of your property. [Applau-e]
A voice— A man hero wants to know a little
about the old soldier.
I want to sny the crisis we are now ap
proaching appeals to the old 3oldi'_-r as much
as it did in 1861. If men in this country were
willing to march udoh the field to sustain a
<iovernment by tbe people and for the people,
1 want to know wliy they cannot give one day
in the year, and that election day, to stand by
aGovernmeit by and for the people. [Ap
plause and three cheers ] lam not afraid that
»ny man who risked his life in his Nation's
beha f is going to be Influenced by the argu
ments that are addressed to soldiers now by
the financiers who, during the wtr, looked
out for themselves and left the soldier to look
out for himself. [ADplause.] lam not afraid
ihe me.n who were willing kt that time to en
dure the dangers of war because they believed
that the black men shou d bj free are goinn to
Join the ranks oi the gold standard to enslave
70,000,000 oi people, black and white. [Ap
plause.]
At this point the rain had nearly
ceased.
A voice— The sun is coming out. [Great
ch'-erinp.] *
Now one or two suggestions and I shall close.
[Cries of "Go on."] i waut you to remember
the value of a dollar depends upon tbe uura
ber of dollars. When you legislate in regard
to the number of dollars" you affect their value.
This priuciple of monetury science is under
stood by our opponents. They have under
stood it because they have invoked legislation
to destroy part of the country's money to en
hance the rest of the country's money. When
they tell you that you dor't understand
tinance you tell them the man who talks about
money and ignores the law of supply and de
mand — which simply means that il we have
too little money money becomes dear — the
man who talks that way is as ignorant of
money us a child is if he throws a stone into
the air and then does not understand
that by the attraction of gravity it must
come to the grouud, because the action
of the law of gravity is not more
inexorable than the law of supply and de
mand, and we base our argument on it. They
tell yon we ignore the law ol supply and de
miind in regard to silver. We do not. If we
tncrease the demand we increase the price,
and when we open the mints to silver we in
crease the demand for silver, and that increase
of demand increa>es the price of silver. Wnen
India closed her mints in 1893 silver fell.
When the United States stopj-^cl buying silver
in 1893 it fell. Why ? Beeaoaa you had legis
lated demand out "of existence. We believe
the demand furnished by 70,000,000 of people
is sufficient to use all the silver tnat can come
to our mints. If that is true no person will
sell his silver for less than a dollar and
twenty-nine cents. Bui they tell us that
Mexico has fnile'l to do so. Some people will
not be expected to vote for us. Of course, we
cannot have them all. and I am willing thiit
the Republicans shall have the vote of every
man who thinks the United States is not
larger than Mexico. [Laughter and applause.]
If Muxico was enabled with other nations
now using silver to furnish a use lor all the
Bllver that would go to the Mexican mints she
would maintain the parity. We believe we
are able to do it, taking into consideration
the demand now existing. We can never tell
until we try, and our opponents will never
snow, because they will never try. We are
the only Nation who offer any place by which
you can determine it, because we offer to. try
the free coinage of silver, nul we j;ive you
:hL- reasons for beliu vine it will be successful.
Remember this, the gold standard ha>: never
taken a. step in the litfht. The gold standard
ha-s never fought a 1 attle in the open tieid and
it is not fighting this year.
When the Democratic convention met the
gold standard advocates brought in a minor
ity report. They did not declare for a gold
s andard. but declared they were afraid the
free coinage of silver by this country iilone
would prevent international bimetallism,
toward wlrch all tlie efforts of the coun
try should ba directed. But. the ma
jority ruled at Cbicngo. Then what?
Then their leading iue:i at Chicago or
ganized another convention, and wlfat
did thi-y do? Did they adopt a plauorm they
tried to get adopted at Chicago. Oh, nol
When they gnt down to Inditiuapohs they
threw off the mask «nd declared in mvorof
the gold standard. What does that mean? It
means the attempt at Chicago to commit the
Democracy to in ernationul bimetallism was &
fraud and a deception practiced upon the
party [treat applause], and the fact that those
men who tried to get that sort of a platform at
Chicago and fai'.fu went down to Indianapolis
and then adopted a go:d— tandarJ platform Js
a confession that when they acted at Chicago
their t>ur;os'.> whs to deceive the Americau
people. [Groat app'ause.]
We are willing to fight vie Republican party
or anybody who opposes «>ur position and will
come out and so state, but when a p:irty, as at
Indianapolis, puts up one man for the purpose
of fclccting h not her we declare they are no
more honest in their desire lor international
bimetallism tban they are in their political
methods. [<; r oat applause.] Th^ convention
ai ludiaiiai.oiia was heid in the interest of Re
publican sue cess, a-id if they had ihe courage
that oueht to follow conviction they would in
dorse MeKinley, lor whom they expect to vote.
ON GOVERNMENT BOND ISSUES.
Jiryan Delivers a Sensational Harangue
at Schlilz Pot*.
MILWAUKEE, Wis , Sept. s.— Mr.
Bryan's speech as Schlilz Park to-night
was the . roost sensational be has
delivered during the cam It was de
voted almost entirely, to the Government
bond issues and teemed with implication
of the administration and the members of
the bond syndicate. He did not mention
any names, but it was evident whom he
meant in his denunciatory speech.
Mr. Bryan this evening addressed an au
dience at Schlitz Park. In spite of the
coolness of the night 6000 or 7000 people
had gathered and listened to his speeches
both inside and outside the theater build
ing in the park. Mr. Bryan was warmly
greeted, his utterances on the bond ques
tion especially being cheered to the echo.
When he first appeared it seemed as
though quiet would not be restored. As
soon us order was secured Mr. Bryan began
his remarks. He said in part: ■*
As soon as the last campaign closed the
moneyed Interests of this country made a com
bined attack upon what is known as the Sher
man law. They demanded the repeal of the
purchasing clause of the Sherman law, and
they based their attack upon the platform of
the Democratic party In 1892,.but instead of
taking that platform as a whole they. picked
out a part of a >entence and insisted upon en
forcsng a part of the platform while ignoring
the rest of the platform. [Applause.] The
Democratic platform denounced the Sherman
law as a makeshift. What is a makeshift?
Why, It is a temporary expedient. , It is a
thin* used until some better thin? can be se
curek. And the very plank in the platform
that declared in favor of the repeal of the make
shift and asserted they would hold to the use
of gold and silver as the standard money of the
country; and not only that, but that platform
added, "the coinage of botn gold and silver
without discrimination against either metal
or charge for mintage."
There were certain qualifying words which
followed, but those qualifying words «lid not
destroy the declaration of the Democratic
party tor the coinage of gold and silver upon
equal terms. /And yet the money interests of
this country combined to attack , the Sherman
law and secure its repeal and leave nothing in
its place to furnish the money which the people
need. They said that gold was going abroad
and if they repealed the : Sherman law
gold would stop- going abroad. After a strug
gle which has seldom • been equaled they suc
ceeded in repealing the Sherman law without
conditions. And then what? Did gold stop
geing abroad? Xo, gold went abroad faster
thun before. And then what? . Then they be
gan to issue bonds | to get enough cola to fur
nish those who wanted It to send it abroad, or
wanted it to put It away in their vaults, or
wanted to make an excuse < for the issue of
more bonds. [Applause.] The issued $50,000,
-000 of bonds and then $50,000,000 more of
bonds. And then the administration entered
into, what is known -as the Rothschild con
tract. '
Let me dwell just one moment upon that
contract. cull, your attention to the fact
that while that con tract was made by a Demo
cratic administration it was supported ,by all
the leading members of the Republican party.
[Applause.] And more than that, the Repub
lican party in : convention assembled* did not
denounce or criticize that Rothschild con
tract. Why? Because the men who wrote the
Republican platform htive always justified the
iTesidsin's conduct. Now I want to say to
you, in my humble judgment, that contract
was the most infamous contract that was ever
entered into by this Nation. [Applause.] Tnat
contract at an enormous price empt'-yed cer
tain financiers in New York and London to do
what? To look after the treasury aud protect
It. I want you to remember, my friends, that
if this Niition is dependent on the Goodwill of
oae banking firm in .New York and oue bank
ing firm in London, the very moment you
confess it you put it in the power « f those two
firms to charge whatever they please for cood
will toward this Governmeut. [Great ap
piause.J
1 assert that 70,000,000 of people in majesty
and strength have a government which can
not only live without the aid of ttuse syndi
cates, but can live in spite of anything they
may do. [Great applause.] I am not sur
pr:sed that members of that syndicate are op
posed to the Democratic party. [Applause.] I
am not surprised at all because the Demo
cratic party beiieves that this Government can
get along without them. And more taau that,
the Democratic party believes that if they
imagine they can injure this Government and
dare to try it, the Democratic pßrty believes
that they ou?ht to be treated like other con
spirator—[Great applause which drowned tne
rest of tne sentence.] To say that anything
less than a majority has a right to run this
country is to abandon the theory upon which
our Government is founded.
Now we may differ as to what kind of finan
cial legislation is best, but there Is one rule
upon which we must agree. If we believe that
our peop.e are capable of self-government and
tutu our institutions deserve to be continued
and perpetuated, there is one question upon
wliich we must agree, and that is that the
American people, acting through their consti,
tution and laws, are the only power to deter
mine what is good lor the American people
and what the American people should have in
the way of legislation. 1 call your attentiou
to th« Rothschild contract. Do you know
why that contract was entered inio? There
was a renßon given, and the only reasouable
one. I don't mean reasonable to those who
believe in bimetallism, but reasonable enough
to those who believe iv a gold standard to
present it.
Why, they said when the Government sold
bonds at home the people went to the treasury
and drew out a large part of the gold to pay
lor the bonds, and therefore that they would
try selling them abroad to see if tney could
not get rid of the necessity of furnishing the
gold tnat they were buying. Now think what
can be done under the "present law. I believe
if our people understood what is possible, aye
more, what is an actual fact, under the pieseut
financial system, and its present administra
tion, they would rise in unanimous revolt
against that policy. Let me show you what
has been done. Suppose the Government de
cides to issuo $50,000,000 of bonds to buy goid.
Suppose you waut to buy bonds. You gu to
the Secretary of the Treasury and he say* he
has some bonds to sell, aud you band him in
$1000 In greenbacks or treasury notes. He
says he cannot accept these for the bonds.
You say why not? Are i.ot tnese greenbacks
and treasury notes eood ? Yes, for most
things; but these bonds, are sold to get gold,
therefore we must demand gold for the bonds.
You say, "All right, Mr. Secretary, if you will
not give me bonds for these treasury notes I
will deposit them and demand their "redemp
tion in gold." The Secretary says, '-Yes, all
right; that is what we are here for'' [laughter],
and he hands out $1000 in goid, and you say
to him, "Do I understand that you have some
bonds for sale f.ir which you want gold ?"
He says, "Yes." "Well," you say, * ! Mr. secre
tary, here is the gold; now give me the
bonds." [Applause.] Do you believe that is
possible ? It is possible under the present
law. Do you believe any one would do it 7
Yes; they have done it. When they issued
the first fifty millions of bonds the amount
of gold drawn out during the time between
the publication of the notice and the issue of
tbe bonds was something like $108,000,000.
In other words, to the extent of tlu- money
withdrawn for the purpose of buying the
bonds, to the extent of that, the Government
simply loaded itself aown with interest, and
had not a single dollar more of gold, which it
was trying to purchase. [Applause.] When
they issued the next fifty millions another
large amount of gold was withdrawn to pay
for tne bonds, and then they made this Roths
child contract. They simuly enlarged the
circie a little, and beiore the time wns up dur
ing which this syndicate had agreed to pro
tect the treasury, before that time was up, the
bonds, which had been sent to Europe at
$1 v-4 1 j to pring cold from Europe, had been
told back into the New York market for more
tt. an $1 20, and that gold was taken bac& to
Europe again [Applause.
t Democratic Headquarters.
CHICAGO, ILL., Sept, s.— Senator Petti
grew was the only caller of note at Demo
cratic National headquarters to-day, but
the staff was basy petting the organisa
tion plans perfected. Congressman Rich
ardson of Tennessee, who is to have sole
charge of the press bureau, will anive
early next week.
IN THE TREASURY VAULTS
Li Hung Chang I s Shown Uncle
Sam's Gold, Silver and
Paper Money.
Before Leaving the Capital He Pays
a Tribute to the American
People.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. s.—Secre
tary Carlisle and Treasurer Morgan es
corted Li Hung Chang and party through
the vaults, showing Li $150,000,000 in gold
and silver, which did not seem to impress
him, but when the bond-issue division
was reached he manifested great interest
and plied his guides with questions.
Whpn a $50,000 bond was shown him be
nudged ex-Secretary Foster and asked
him if he had any li;ce that.
Down in the redemption division the
Viceroy destroyed $70,000 in old green
backs with evident deiieht. Then Secre
tary Carlisle entered the carriage with
him and the party was driven to the
Bureau of Printing and Engraving, where
all the operations or money and stamD
making were viewed with the greatest
curiosity.
Li Hung Chang's parting tribute to the
American people was given to the United
Presses this evening for dissemination. He
said:
"The three foremost men in history
have been Napoleon, the Chinese Emperor
Yao and Washington. Napoleon created
an empire which was speedily destroyed ;
Yao created an empire and then proceed
ed himself to rule over it; Washington
built up a great Nation and then stepped
aside, leaving others to govern."
The Viceroy has been more deeply im
pressed with the life and character of
Washington than he had hitherto been
credited with, and to-day he caused ex
tracts of the first President's farewell ad
dress to be translated to him.
A furious rainstorm prevented further
sight-seeing after the visit to the treasury.
A handsome wreath which bad been,
ordered for the Viceroy to take to Mount
Vernon and place on Washington's tomb,
was sent to the Chinese legation, with in
structions for the Minister to perform the
act of homage as the Emperor's repre
sentative. A present of $150 was sent
down to be divided among the hotel ser
vants and the proprietor and manager of
the hotel were decorated with silver
medals, similar in app arance to the old
trade dollar, but hardly so well executed.
About 5:30 carriages were taken for the
depot by the entire party. General Ruger,
as usual, escorting Li Hung Chang,
accompanied by four troops of the Sixth
Cavalry.
At 6 o'clock the journey to Niagara
Falls began. Niagara Falls will be reached
at 11:20 to-morrow morning, where the
band and such companies as can be spared
from Fort P. rter will act as escort.
The American Park will be traversed
and views had of the falls from the Ameri
can side during the aiternoon, and Mon
day morning at 10 o'clock the river will
be crossed, and soon after the party will
be on its way for Vancouver and home.
Due to thf Edict of XTeyler.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Sept. 5.— H. Dumers
&Co.,|shippers and commission merchants
and importers of West India fruits, made
an assignment to-day without preferences.
Their failure is attributed to the war in
Cuba and the edict of General Weyler pre
venting the shipment of bananas. Their
lar-t statement to Bradstreei's, in Novem
ber, 1895, showed assets $600,000 and lia
bilities $250,000.
CZAR NICHOLAS'
DREAD FEELING
Increased by the Sudden
Deprivation of Minis
terial Advice.
ILL OMENS ARE REVIVED
Meanwhile There Is an Assem
blage of Diplomats Around
Prince Hchenlohe.
RUSSIA'S ATTITUDE TO CHANGE
Renewal of the Clamor for the Pre
venticn by the Powers of Bar
barities in Turkey.
BERLIN, Germany. Sept. s.— The dip
lomats who are assembled at Breslau
around Prince Hohenlohe, the German
Imperial Chancellor, include Prince Rado
lin, the German Embassador at St. Peters
burg; Count yon Osten-Sacken, tbe Rus
sian Embassador at Beriin; Baron Mar
scballvon Bieberstein, German Minister of
Foreign Affairs; Count yon Pouriales of
the German Foreign Office and Gebeim
ratb Gunther of the German Imperial
Chancellerie.
It had been generally understand that
an important conference was 'o be held
upou the occasion of the meeting of tbe
two Emperors at Breslau between Prince
Hohenlohe and Prince Lobanoff-Ros
tovsky, the Russian Minister of Foreign
Affairs, but the sudden death of the latter
while on his way from Vienna to join the
Czar at Kieff has thrown all of the plans
which had been mapped out for the meet
ing into a state of uncertainty, and it is
now believed tiiat most of them, if not all
of them, will be dropped, for the present
at least.
The representative of the United Asso
ciated Presses, who went to Breslau to re
port the incidents of the visit of the Czar
and Czarina, obtained to-day an expres
sion of opinion from Prince Kadolin that
the meeting of the Czar and the Kaiser
would be devoid of all political impor
tance, and further that the Czar will not
appoint a successor to Prince Lobanoff as
Minister of Foreign Affairs untii his Maj
esty returns to St. Petersburg. If, how
ever, Prince Radolin really holds such
views as these tbey are vastly different
from those entertained by well-informed
officials in his own circle. It is positively
known that the Czar before leaving Kieff
for Breslau telegraphed to Count yon
Schouvaloff, Governor of Warsaw, in
structing him to come to Breslau and act
as his Majesty's adviser in place of Prince
Looanoff. Count yon Scnouvaloff was
almost immediately thereafter stricken
with paralysis, and this circumstance fol
lowing so closely after the deatn of Prince
Lobanoff has struck the Czar wi'.h a feel
ing of dread.
It is said that he associates his being de
prived of ministerial advice at this time
with the ill omen of the disaster on the
Hoiiynski Plain upon the ocuasion of his
coronation at Moscow. Though little is
now known of his plans, the fact has
leaked out that the Czar has instructed
Count yon O.«ten-Sacken to communicate
with Prince Hohenlohe upon the sub
ject of concerted armed action on trie
part of the powers to prevent Turkish
massacres. But whether or not the Czar
has decided to reverse the^ policy of in
action pursued by Prince Lobanoff, the
Kaiser and Prince Hoheulohe have clearly
altered the attitude of Germany toward
the Porte.
The North German Gazette, in an article
in yesterday's issue commenting upon the
situation in Constantinople, says: For the
first time it is now declared to be a neces
sity that the powers shall put a stop to
outrages by tne TurKs, or, as official
language has phrasect it. "civilized Europe
must adopt an attitude to induce the Porte
toprevent further disorders."
The National Zeitung goes further
than this, saying: The Sultan must be
warned that a recurrence of massacres
will endanger his throne and his dynasty.
The Hamburger Correspondenz. a semi
official journal, says: Whatever tde powers
mean to do ought to be done quickly. There
is a snameful stain upon the Sultan's gov
ernment that can never be cleansed away.
A wild beast let loose by the authorities is
plundering and cruelly slaughtering men,
women and children. The officials of the
Sultan's palace are mainly responsible.
This significant change in the tone of
the semi-official press is understood to be
due to the Baron Marschall yon Bieber
stein, who has had an inkling of the allied
tendencies of the Czar's sentiments as weli
>* those of the Kaiser. However, it is
not conceivable that after the prolonged
and incessant diplomatic communications
the Czar and the Kaiser could meet with
out entering into discussion of the tore
most topic of European politics.
The troops which took part in to-day's
military parade in honor of the Czar near
Breslau were commanded by Prince Ber
nard of Saxe - Meinen^en, brother-in
law of the Emperor and commander of the
Sixth Corps of the German army. One of
the features of tne fetes in Breslau will be
the presence of four grandchildren of
Queen Victoria of England, the Czarina,
Princess Charlotte of fc-ajce - Meineneen,
the Emperor and Prince Henry of Prus
sia. The town is overcrowded with visit
ors, and the prices asked for the occupan
cy of apartments have been increased to
five times their normal rate.
Sedan day passed almost unnoticed this
j year in contrast with the general celebra
tion of the d-iy last year. This is not to
be wondered at, however, as ia^t year's
ceiebraiion marked t tie twenty-fifth anni
versary of the birtb of the empire, for the
observance of which elaborate prepara
tions were made.
Empress Frederick will go at the end of
tn-; month to visit the King and Qi»e*>n of
Denmark at Copenhagen. Her Majesty
will he accompanied by Priuce and I'rin
ce-s Frederick Charles of Hesse, the latter
Empress Frederick's youngest dauehter.
The Emperor and Empress will attend
Results— blood purified, suffering relieved,
strength restored, system built up, nerves
strengthened by taking
Sarsaparilla
jThe best— ln fact the One True Blood Purifier.
hoofl'c Pi lie re the only pills to take
I .»iuuu,a flllS with Hood's Sarsaparilla,
the marriage of Victor Emannel, Prince of
Naples, eldest sou and heir apparent of
the Kins of lialy, to the Princess Helena
of Montenegro, which, it is understood,
will take place at an early date.
The conversion of the Bavarian four*
into three and a half per cent bonds is
proceeding with generai public accept
ance. Holders of four per cents who do
not lodge protests before September 15
will be regarded as acquiescing In tlie con
version. The v access of the present move
ment loreshadows the conver&iou of the
German Imperial loans.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
Clubs. Won. | Lost. t^ r
CLUBS.
Baltimore 77 34 .693
Cincinnati 71 49 .622
Cleveland 70 44 .614
Boston 66 61 .563
Jhlcago 65 52 .655
Pittsburi?. 61 51 .544
Philadelphia.. 56 69 .487
Hew for* 55 61 .474
8r00k1yn..... 53 HI .464
Washington.......... 46 66 .410
st. Louis. 3& 80 .504
Louisville 29 82 .V6X
BROOKLYN. N. V., Sept. s.— Before the first
inning of to-day's game had been finished it
began to rain heavily aud although the
Brooklyns wanted the game stopped, Umpire
Sheridan compelled the teams to keep on pbiy
ing until the first half of the seventh inning.
Attendance 1500. Score: Brooklyns, 3, 9,1;
Cincinnatis, 5, 6, 1. Batteries — Payne and
Burrell ; Dwyer and Peitz. Umpire— Sheridan
BOSTON, Mash , Sept. 5. — An immense and
enthusiastic crowd s:;w two games with Cleve
land this afternoon. Boston won the first
game through superiority in tbe box. The
Clevelands' runs were made by a wild throw
of Long into the bleachers. In the second
game Cleveland hit Sullivan hard in the first
inning. Boston found Young in the first and
■erenta innings only. The batting of iiurkett
and Tenney and the fielding of Collins were
the feature. Attendance 8429. Score: Bos
tons 5. 14, 2; Clevclnuds 2, 5. 2. Batteries—
KloDediuiz and Bergen, Cuppy and Zimmer.
Umpire— Hurst. SeCiudgame: Bostons 5, 8, 0;
Clevelands 7, 11, 4. Batteries— Youug and
Zimmer, Sullivan ami Ganzel. Umpire— Hursfc,
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. s.— Washinglon-
St. Louis game postponed; wet grounds.
BALTIMORE, Md., Sept. s.— Baltlmore-Louis-
Viile game postponed; rain.
;<K\V YORK. N. V-, Soot. s.— New Y r ork-
Pittsburg g 'me postponed; rain.
PHILADELPHIA. PA., Sept. 5. — Philadel
phias, 10, 13, 0; Chicagos, 5, 13, 3. Batteries
— Tfty.or and Boyle; Biiggs and Donahue.
Umpires— Henderson a:id Campbell. Second
game postponed on account of wet grounds.
OVER EASTERN COURSES.
Winners of Rnees at St. JLouia and
Sheepxhead V.ny.
PT. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. s.— Five furlongs, Our
Bishop won, Milford second, Silver Set third.
Time, 1 :04.
Bix furlongs, Neutral -won. Lady Britannic
second, Susie B. third. Time, I:l6J^.
One aud a half miles, Whisper won, Billy
MrKenzie second, Charlie McDonald third.
Time, 2:42,'^.
Seven lurlongs, Trilby won, Kamsin second,
Johnny Mcllule third. Time, 1 :29.
One and a sixteenth mile-*, Harry Mcfouch
won, Ace second, Pepper third. Time, 1:49^.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY, N. V., Sept. s.— Five
furlongs, Scarfpin won, Don Bias tecoud, Hi
Dnddy thirg. No time given.
Mile and k hai:, Keenau won, Marietta sec
ond, Damien third. Time. 2:37.
Nursery stakes, Futurity course, Ogden won,
Typhoon II second. Voter thiru. Time, 1:10.
Five furlongs, Religion won, Waltzer second,
Titmouse third. Time, 1:03
Miie and a half, Counoisseur won. Lake
Shore second, Buck ilassie third. Time,
2:37 4-5.
Mile, Harry Reed won, Sir Francis second,
Chuguut third. Time, 1:44 1-5.
Treniury Gold Jteserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. s.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of bust
ness to-day stood at $104,082,132. The
withdrawals of gold at New York were
$32,100.
NEW TO-DAT.
MAKE
NEW MAN
OF YOU.
MEN SUFFERING FBOSI EXCESSES AND
dissipations' or men with jaded brains and
nerves restored to health and the enjoyment of
life by —
DR. BRO\VN-SEQUARD'S
VITALIZING TABLETS.
Vital force* renewed. A quick and certain cure
for nervous debility, lack of energy, premature
weakness, loss of memory, lost powers, sleepless-
nets, fear of failure, desire to be alone, gloomy and
sad feelings and weaknesses peculiar to men,
$1 SO boxes, $1; 3 for $2 50 by mail postpaid.
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS,
ROOT'S PHARMACY,
Sixth and Howard Streets.
j^^ —^^^. QnicUly.Thoronghly,
'■&^ .Forever Cured.
m v3sr^*N. \i Four out of five who
X A suffer nervousness,
if II 11 mental worry, attacks
ForeTer Cured.
Four out of flve who
suffer nervousness,
mental worry, attacks
\ &&sk&k lof " the Dlues »" are but
\^MM^&S3!k J paying the penalty of
■afe^A-a^^iia^ early excesses. Vie-
_^^^ tims, reclaim your
, - manhood, regain your
vigor. Don't despair. Fend for book with
explanation and proofs. Mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., Buffalo, N. Y.
Elfs Gream BahH^SKSSi
Cleantesthe Nasal . »6^®«3gS
Passages, Allays Pain fwrnSk toft^i
and Inflammation, felr*"*?^^^ Si A
Restores the senses of Wf\ *rs£j2St
Taste and Smell. P|^ S~ < %PK&
Heals the Sores. Ws3i^ -^iCIII
Apply Balm into each nostril E MSTt^l^^H
"DR.MQNULTYT
WELL-KNOWN AND BELIABLE BPB-
X clallst treats PRIVATE CHKONIC AND
NERVOUS DISEASES Or" MKN ON LV. He stop*
Discharges; corps secret Blood and Skin Diseases,
Bores and Swellings; Nervous Debility, Impo-
tence and other weaknesses or Manhood.
He corrects the secret Krrors of Youth and their
terrible effects. Loss of Vitality, Palpitation of the
Heart, Loss of Memory. Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the Error*
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men.
Ho restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re-
moves Deformities and restores the Organs to
Health. He also cures Diseases caused oy Mer-
cury and oilier Poisonous Drugs. . ,
Dr. Mc.N ulty'a methods ar» regular and scien-
tific. He use* no patent nostrums or resdy-maa»
preparations, but cures the disease by tsoroiign
medical treatment. His New "wnpbJet on ln-
| vate Diseases sent Free to ail men who descntjt
j their trouble. Patients cured at Home. T«rm»
reasonable. ' _„ ■
, Hours— 9 to 3 dtlly; 6:30 to 8:30 evenings. sun-
day*, 10 to 12 only. Consultation free »nd *■?
credly conildeatiaL Call on or address
P. KOSCUIS McSULXI, M. 0., ,
•«}$ Kearny St., Sun Francisco. *'*'*
«- .Beware of strangers who try to »}**?»!?
•bout your disease on the streets or elsewnerj.
They are cappers or steerera fur swindling doctor*.
TROT* BET>*.
f^jL^ am BRASS BEDS.' (
P^"""" 1 "fT FOLDING BEDS
' Wire and Hair «■*• '
tresses, It cI i nl a;
Chair* Wheel Cnalrv.
♦ f 1 1 1 1> tSmn7cdes.aaclcUejsj
frttMflf V. A. SCHROC3,
■i\ -21 —
lim^-* 1 -^— ''''II New >io"<-B oinBr t
■ W~^ ?1 ~~^ J «•• under Ocatti
,/" *- \0 ■ bvlei. a. *• ■
nmiiaAlSlßn FOB BARBERS, BAR
DDIIOIIIIC en, booiblaclcs, bath-
ft PII9II £. O bouses, billiard -table%
brewers, bookbinders, candy-maker, cannery
sss^'ssssf pr^rshoe^Ss. 23s
Brush Manufacturers. 60»a»cram«iitO»fcJUSTIFIES
THE RAID
Richard Harding Davis
Writes on the Strife
in the Transvaal.
HEROISM OF LEADERS
PORTRAYED.
Uitlanders Ground Down by the
Oppression of Boers and
Denied Franchise.
ALL APPEALS FOB, REDEESS
RECEIVED JZERS.
Treatment That Justified the Action of
John Hays Hammond and Other
Reformers.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. s.— Richard
Harding Davi«> has written an interesting
review of the recent troubles in the Trans
JOHN HAYS HAMMOND, the Noted California Mining Engineer,
Whose Heroism in the Transvaal Is Set Forth in a New
Light by Richard Harding Davis*
vaal, in which the raid of Dr. Jameson
and followers and the action of the Johan
nesburg Keform Committee are fully
justified and shown to be only a culmina
tion of the unjust treatment of Uitlanders
by the Boers. Davis say :
On the nay that Jameson and his officers
were found guilty of infringing the foreign
enlistment act and sent to prison, Mr. John
Hays Hammond, the American engineer who
w.is a most active member of the Reform Com
mittee in Johannesburg at the time of the
raid, was staying :n London at the Savoy
Hotel.
I happened to hear this and, remem
bering that Mr. Hammond had been one of
those who invited Jameson to enter Johannes
burg and who had then left him to fight his
way there unsupported, said that if 1 had to
choose I would rather be in Holloway prison
with Jameson than in the Savoy with Ham
mond.
This remark was carried to Mr. Hammond
by a mutual friend, a classmate of Hammond's !
at Y<iie, who asked me to keep my opinion in j
abeyance until I had heard Hammond's side
of the story. The sane mutuar friend then in
vited me to dine with Hammond and himself,
and for the first time I heard the story of the
Jameson raid told in a manner which con
vinced me that the charges of cowardice laid
against the relorm committee were unmerited.
The story has never been made public, but it
is full of interest, putting many things in a
new light, adjusting the blame and, in my
opinion at least, removing the charge of lack
of faith under which the members of the re
form committee and the people of Johannes
burg have been resting in silence.
That they have. been silent for so long is be
cause they did not wish anything to appear in |
print while Dr. Jameson was awaiting trial j
which might deprive him of popular sympa- !
thy vrhich he enjoyed during that period, and i
which they hoped might help to lessen the se
verity of his sentence.
That sentence has now been passed, without
much regard having been shown for the point
of view ol the people, and Dr. Jameson is pay
ing for his adventure like a man. And in
time, having; paid for it in full, he will come
out again as picturesque a figure, and with a
great mass of the British public as popular a
hero as when he won the Maiabelelatid and
administered that troublous territory in the i
interests of the Chartered Company and later;
made his ill-conceived and ill-starred invasion
of the Transvaal.
As he has had his turn, it seems only right
now that he should give place in the public
eye to those wno have suffered as well as him
self, and through his action, whose plans ne
spoiled and whose purposes his conduct en
tirely misrepresented to the world. For these
other men of the reform committee have lain,
owing to him, in a far worse jail than Hollo
way prison, and some still lie there. Some
have been sentenced to death, while others
have been fined fortunes, and, more than all
else besides, they have had to berar the odium
of having been believed, both in the United
States and r. England, to have shown the
white feather in deserting a comrade and of
failing to keep the promises of help they had
held out to him.
The reform committee of Johannesburg was
organized with the object of obtaining certain
reforms which had grown so serious that the
position of the Uitlanders in the Transvaal
had become unbearable. There is an obiec
tion which is instantly raised whenever the
condition of the Uitlanders is described as I
have just sta'.ed it. It is this: If the Uitlanders
did not like the laws of the Transvaal why did
they not leave it and go elsewhere; the world
is large enough for everybody? Why did they
instead plot to upset the government of the
Boers who had sheltered them, and who only
asked to be left to breed their cattle and to
farm their ranches in peace? The answer to
that very fair question is that the laws to
which the reform committee objected did not
exist when the majority of its members had
! entered the Transvaal eight years before.
At that time the revenue of the country was
barely able to support it and emigrants were
warmly welcomed. The law as it then stood
I was that a Uitlander could obtain full rich ts
I of citizenship after a residence of five years,
I ar.d with th;s understanding many Americans
! and Englishmen bought land In the Transvaal,
I built houses and brought their families lo live
in them, invested their capital in mines and
machinery and gradually severed the ties that
had bound them to the rest of the world. But
when the gold-seekers grew into a majority
the Boer, who still retained his love for pas
toral and agricultural pursuits, passed a new
law, which declared that the Uitlander could
not obtain the franchise until he had first re
nounced his allegiance to any other country,
and then after a lapse of eight or fifteen years,
he could, if it pleased the Government, become
a burgher, with a right to vote, but that if it
did not please the Government he conld never
hope to become a citizen of the Transvaal.
They were many other grievances, and
though Mr. Hammond has refused, on account
of his pledge to the Boer Government, to dis
cuss them with me, other members of the re
form committee have spoken and written of
thi-iu freely and they are so well known that
they are described as the "admitted griev
ances." When the Uitlander first came to tne
Transvaal the revenue of the country was
$375,000. It is now $10,000,000, and, as I
have said, the Uitlander furnishes eighteen
twentieths of that total revenue and yet it has
been practically impossible for him to obtain
even an education for his children in the State
schools which his money supported. The sale
of monopolies by the Government to different
companies made his expenses excessive be
yond reason, and the mismanagement of the
railroads led to delay in the transportation of
machinery and of perishable goods, which
robbed legitimate business of any profit.
Another evil arose from the liquor trust,
which gave the complete control of all the
liquor sold on the Rand into the hands of one
firm, which manufactured a poisonous quality
of whisky and sold it without restriction to
the natives, upon whom the mines de
pended for labor, ami wno ior the half time
■were incapacitated from attending to the work
they were paid to do. Land, which had been
sold to the Uitlanaers for mining purposes was
not recorded by tin; JJoer Government as pri
vate property. This being the cose the Polish
Jews, who handled most of the iiquorsoid on
the Rand, were able to place their canteens
where they pleased, r.t the very mouth of a
shai:, if they wished to do so. with the result
that the Kaffir boys were constantly chinking,
and in consequence constantly falling into
open shafts, righting among themselves and
Buffering irom the most senons attacks.
Another monopoly under the protection of
the Government was the sale of dynamite,
which gave one man the exclusive right to
manufacture that most essential part of a
miner's supplies on condition that he would
manufacture it in the Transvaal. He did not
manufacture it in the Transvaal, but bought a
low quality ot dynamite in Germany, changed
the wrappers in his so-called manufactory and
sold the btuff at any price he pleased. It is
said that tne accidental explosions which
have occurred in the X..nd are largely due to
the low quality of this dynamite, which was
the only biand the miners were allowed to use.
The Government's method of protecting the
Netherlands Railroad Is also interesting. The
coal deposits run parallel with the goldmines,
but at a distance of ten to thirty miles. Coal
could be bought at the mouth of the snaftby
anyone for 7s Gd, but the Netherlands Rail
road charged from 3d to Is a ton per mile Jfor
carrying it over the few miles intervening
between the coalfields and the gold mines. So
that the coal which originally sold for 7s 6d,
c)-t, when delivered at the mines, from lie
to 30s.
The average charge for freight per mile in
the United States is one-half cent per mile.
In England it is three-fourths of a cent, which
throws a lurid light on what the earnings must
have been for the Netherlands Railroau v/nen
ie charged from 6to 20 cents per mile. There
was so little profit in this for the gold miners,
that the different companies purchased strips
of land, and giving each other permission to
use the land already owned, they mapped out
a railroad ovpr which they proposed to carry
what coal they needed. When the burghers
heard of this," they passed a law forbidaing
them to build this railroad, and later, when
the miners attempted to carry the coal in ox
carts with traction engines, they were forbid
den to do that also. Freight can be sent Irom
the Cape in almost a direct line by an English
railway which stopped at the border oi the
Transvaal, the rest of the haul being made
over the system of the Netherlands Company.
This point of the border is only forty miles
from Johannesburg. Or it can be taken in a
more rounaabout way from a point much fur
thcrenst. If it comes from this direction, it
travels 300 instead of forty miles.
In order to make the Uitlanders use the
longer distance and so bring more money into
the coffers of the Government railroad the
Netherlands Company allowed the freight to.
congest Ht the point iorty miles from Johannes
burg and kept it there for three or four weeks
and subjected it to such delay and to such
treatment on the way up as they hoped would
finally drive the Uitlanders into abandoning
the use of the more direct route from the Cape.
Sooner than do this the Uitlanders organ
ized a system of ox-curls and started to carry
their freight overland in that slow and cum
brous fashion. To prevent their doing this the
Government closed the '•drifts," as the fords
of the river are called, and so prevented their
crossing. It required an ultimatum from
Great Britain to open them a^ain
These are a few instances of the laws and
customs of a Government which has been seek
ing sympathy as a free and enlightened re
public, and compares, and not unfavorably
with the free and enlightened republics of
On-ral Amenc. The spirit of discontent
caused by these grievances grew slowly and
hhowed itseif when l tirst found expression in
the iorm of perfectly constitutional acitaiions
In May, 1894, 13.000 Uitlanders petitioned the
VoiksrHad for tue rights oi franchise, and it is
on record in the minutes of that legislative
body that this petition w«s received with juers
and laughter. Two months later another pe
ti ion, signed this time by 32,500 inhabitants
was received by the Volksm&d in the tame
manner, one of its members, indeed, going- so
lar as to rise and say : "If you want the fran
chis why don't you fight for it?" His invita
tion was accepted iater, when the inhabitants
of Johannesburg, finding there was no help to
be obtained through the "sacred right of peti
tion," organized the reform committee and
prepared themselves to take what they wanted
by a revolution and the use of arms.
One difficulty in dealing with the history of
this revolution lies in the fact that while the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
men in it had the same end in view, they were
working toward that end with different mo
tives. There were a great many men in our
rebellion who fought for the dollars they re
ceived for flghtiagt-as they- to-day fight for
pensions, and there were a great many con
tractors who made money out of the war, but
no one would argue from all tbat that all the
other men in it held low motives, or that the
cause for which they fought was not a good
one. There is an element in- the affair of the
Transvaal which een only be described as the
unknown quantity, and tnat element is, of
course, Cecil Rhodes. He would nave been
benefited by a reform in the laws of the Trans
vaal as is well understood, but so would
everybody else who was interested in the
mines there, and who was hampered by the
restrictions, taxes and monopolies, which
added burden of expense to every ton of ore
that was taken ou tof the ground.
Cecil Rhodes, as one of those most largely
interested, was proportionately interested in
seeing labor made cheaper, transportation
made easier and those men in office who were
interested in the mines instead oi the Boers,
who were not. As a matter of fact, Cecil
Rhodes' interest In Consolidated Gold Fields
was but one-fifteenth of its profits, so it was
not money but the development of his cher
ished plan for a combina ion ot all the South
African republics that moved him. What he
hoped from the revolution we can imagine.
That he would have looked at a change ol
government in the Transvaal as another step
toward the unification ot all the republics in
South Africa is most probable, and he knew
that to such a union the Boers of themselves
would never consent. But that the whole
revolution was a plot to seize the Transvaal
for the sake of its cold mines and for the ag
grandizement of Great Britain, and that the
men of the reform committee who risked their
lives in the cause of the revolution were the
puppets of Rhodes, moving at his bidding, is
absurd.
There were other big men in the revolution
business besides Cecil Rhodes, and it was well
agreed among these men that no fl«g but that
of the republic was to be raised when the revo
lution began, ana whatever the Englishmen
may have wished, the Germans, the Afrikan
ders and those of the Boers who were in sym
pathy with the revolution, and the Ameri
cans, which latter composed one-sixth of the
reform committee, formed a majority which
certainly had no invention of turning the
country over to the Qneen, and as a matter of
history the Transvaal flag floated over the
Goldtields building, which was the headquar
ters of the revolutionists, irom first to last.
Personally, I am convinced, after having
talked with the men who were at the head of
this revolution, that the greater part of them
as honestly believed that they were acting for
the best good of the country in trying to over
throw the Boer Government as did the revolu
tionists of 1776 la our country, or as do the
rebels in Cuba at the present day.
Six weeks before the Jameson raid thereform
committee had mapped out their plan of
action. They had spent £70,000 ($350,000) in
provisions, which tneyexpected would out ast
a two months' siege; they had arranged that
the water supply of Johannesburg could not be
cut off from the outside, and they had ordered
rifles and Maxim guns and were smuggling
them across the border. This wns the most
difficult pHrt of the work, for guns are as
strictly prohibited to Uitlanders in Johannes
burg as are public meetings, and every one
who owned v rifle was a mnrxed man in con
sequence. It is well to lemember this, for it is
not as though Johannesburg in that respect
rescmbied some oi our own mining towns,
where weapons are sometimes as plentiful as
pickaxes and where a ea 1 to arms would
merely mean the reading of the payrolls at the
shafts of the different mines.
It was while these guns for defense were 1
slowly coming in tbat Dr. Jameson, the ad
ministrator of the Chartered Company's af
fair*, was told of the movement of tne revo
lutionists and asked by them If he would, in
case they needed his assistance, come across
the border to the aid of his fellow-countrymen,
bringing with him his mounted police and j
1500 extra guns, which they would send him ;
to Maleking. The gentlemen of the reform '
committee were Dr. Jameson's personal friends, j
They had trekked with him all over the sur- |
rouiidine country, bunting, prospecting and I
exploring; they knew he was a man ready for |
adventure, and that in thfeasyspi.it of the!
unsettled country about them it a .'uld uot i
be difficult for him to gather around him a
body of men ready to go wherever he led.
Jameson gave his consent readily ai.d agreed
to the conditions under which he was to enter
the Transvaal. These conditions were exceed
ingly important and exceedingly explicit. He j
was to move only when the reformers gave the
signal for him to do so, and they, as the chief
movers in the plot and the men having most
at stake, were to be allowed to judge when
that time had come, or if it should come at all;
thft when he came he must bring 1500 men
with him and the extra 1500 guns on which
they counted. This he promised to do and
asked in return that they should write him a
letter inviting him to cross the border which
he could show later as his justification for his
action.
Davis theu reviews the stirring incidents
of the raid and its failure, the voluntary
return of John Hays Hummond to jail
after being released by reason of ill health
and concludes in these words:
And when people acense the reform commit
tee of cowardice end ol being men who failed
to keep their word they should put before
them these two pictures, the one of the Euk
lishmnn (Jameson), surrounded by his 500
troopers, saying, "Those men at Johannes
burg are lunking it. I am going to stir them
up," and three days later raising the white
ting, and the other of the American (Ham
mond), when still i-haking with fever, returned
t-> -erve out his sentence and standing alone at
midnight knocking for admittance at the gate
of the Pretoria jail.
TO CARRY OUT THE WILL
Editor Kohlsaat Takes Steps to Secure the
Cremation of Kate Field's
Remains.
CHICAGO, iLL-.^Sept. s.— Before Kate
Field left for Hawaii she advi&ed H. H.
Kohlsaat, editor of the Times-Heraid,
tbat she had provided in her will for the
disposition of her remains in tbe event of
death. Diligent search failed to discover
this will until Friday last. Meanwhile
the body has been lying in a vault at
Hawaii. It appears from this will that
Miss Field directed that her body be
cremated, and that her ashes, together
with a plain gold ring worn by her, be
placed in an urn and deposited above the
coffins of her father and mother in Mount
Auburn Cemetery at Cambridge, Mass.
Mr. Kohlsaat has undertaken the imme
diate execution of these instructions, and
to-day wrote to Consul-General Mills at
Honolulu making provision for the ex
pense and directing that the cremation
shall take place there if practicable, but
that if not the remains shall be forwarded
by next steamer via San Francisco and
overland to Boston, where the desired dis
position of them will be made.
SWEPT BY WIND AND RAIL.
Great Damage and Probable host of Life
in Northern OlelaJionin.
PERRY, O. T., Sept. s.— News was re
ceived here to-day of a disastrous wind
and hail storm that swept over the north
ern part of the country. Great damage is
reported to have occurred in several lo
calities, mostly from the wind.
in the path of the storm a considerable
number of farmhouses were destroyed,
and the destruction of barns and other
farm buildings wa« large.
The town of McKinley suffered more se
verely than any other place fromwhich re
ports have yet been received. The storm
raged furiously in that place and a num
ber of residences were blown away.
As iar as known there has Deen no loss
of life. A number of people were hurt in
McKinlevand vxmiiy. It is feared tbat
later news will tell of latalities in the track
of the storm through the country.
LAYING OF A CURNERSTONE
Governor jtltgeld I'er forms the Ceremony
find Delivers the Oration.
MOLINE, 111., Sept. s.— With irnpres-
Bive exercises the cornerstone of the \Vest
ern Hospital for the Insane, on the bank
of the Mississippi River at Watertown,
four miles above this city, was laid to-day.
Hon. C H. Deere, the big harvesting-ma
chine manutacturer, was master of cere
monies. Tuere was a big parade of civic
societies and ot militia regiments from a
dozen points. Governor Altgeid laid the
cornerstone and delivered the oration. In
its interior arrangements the new institu
tion will be one of the finest inaane hos
pitals in the country.
Boiler Explosion Hills Three Men.
EDWARDSVILLE. Ala., Sept. s.— N«ws
has been received of the explosion of a
boiler used for the. purpose of pumping
water for a railroad tank seven miles west
of here on the Southern road. Three
men, Elsie Black, George Black and Dan
Turner, were killed.
WISE WORDS
AT CANTON
Five Thousand Voters From
Pennsylvania Visit
McKinley.
DECORATED WITH THE
GOLDENROD.
Delegations Journey Into Ohio to
Assure the Major of Their
Patriotism.
SPEEECHES THAT HAVE WEIGHT
WITH THE MASSES.
Pilgrims Greeted as Al ies in Protect
ing the Honor and Prosperity
of the Nation.
CANTON, Ohio, Sept. s.— Decorated
with clusters of goldenrod, emblematic of
the money they favor, 5000 Ptnnsylva
nians visited Major McKinley to-day to
«^ieer him and to listen to his speeches.
The first delegation, which came on
three special trains, arrived at the house
at about noon. There were about 2500
persons in the delegation, ana they
were escorted from the station by a
mounted escort, a club of former citizens
of Pennsylvania now living in Canton,
and by a committee of prominent citizens
of this town. This delegation was from
| Beayer County, and was largely composed
i of people from tiie towns of New Brighton,
Beaver and Beaver Falls. The visitors
lepresented sixty-five manufacturing es
tablishments. With the delegation was
Representative Charles C. TownsemJ, Gen
eral John S. Littell and Hon E. H.
j Thomas, president of the Lincoln Club.
Edward A. Freihey, a molder, was
spokesman. When he appeared on the
porch with Major McKinley cheer after
cheer burst from the great crowd in the
yard and on the streets. Replying to Mr.
Frethey's remarks, Major McKinley said:
I greet you at my home as friends and as
allies in the great cause in which the honor of
i the country and prosperity of the people are
involved. You are our nearest neighbor in
the East and are closely connected socially
and in business relations with the eastern
part of the old Congre-s.onal district which
for many years I had the honor to represent.
, The people of this country never were so
eager to vote as now. [Great cheering.] The
last four years have been long years — the
I longest four years since our great Civil War.
: [(lies of "Tnat's right!] Everything has suf
fered but the Republican party. [Laughter.]
■ Everything has been blighted but Republican
\ principles [applause and laughter] and they
are dearer, more cherished and more glorious
than they have ever been before. [Cries of
••TiiHt's right !"] The people of the country are
oniy waiting for an opportunity to embody
those great principles in public law and public
administration. [Applause.]
I do not recall a time in the history of the
country when the question of protection was
at issue that your State did not declare by em
phatic majorities in its favor. My fellow
citizens, I do not forget that this delegation
! comes from the home of that distinguished
! leader and unrivaled Republican organi
zer [sjreat cheering and cries of "Quay!
Quay!"] whose unfaltering devotion to Repub
| licanism has never wavered and whose splen
did services to the cause have more than once
assisted to achieve the most signal triumphs
in both your State and the Nation. [Great
applause.] I wish he might have been a part
of this great delegation to-day, but his ab
sence is fully compensated by the fact that on
another part of this great field of contest lie
is serving the samejenuse in which you are en
gaged and for the success of which so many of
the people are striving. [Applause.]
It is this year, my countrymen, a great cause
for which we contend, commanding the sup
port of every patriot, for it represents the
National honor and stands for National pros
perity. [Applause and cries of "That's right."]
It involves every cherished interest of the
country and embraces the welfare of every
citizen of the republic. [A voice, "You told
the truth then."] It involves the labor and
wages of the people and the earnings accumu
lated and to be accumulated, the honor of the
country, its financial integrity, its good name,
all are at stake in this great contest; and every
lover of country must be aroused to duty and
quickened to responsibility in this crisis. [Ap
plause and cries of "You needn't worry about
that."]
Our glorious country hap suffered no dis
honor in the past; it must suffer no dishonor
in the future. The Dast is secure and giorious.
The present and future are our fields of duty
and opportunity. Those who have preceded
us have done well their part. Shall we be less
honest and patriotic and brave in the per
formance of our part? [Cries of "No, no."]
In America we spurn all class distinction.
[Applause and cries of "Correct, correct."] We
are all equal citizens — equal in privilege and
opportunity. In America, thank God, no man
is born to power. It has long been determined
that the philosophy of Jefferson is true, and
th'it this, the land of the free and self-governed,
is the strongest as well as the best Government
in the world. [Applause.] Let us keep ii so.
[Cries of "We will do our part.' ']
Men oi Pennsylvania, friends and neighbors,
let me bid you be faithful to the acts, tradi
tions and teachings of the fathers. Make their
stand of patriotism and duty your own.
The audience was one of the most dem
onstrative that has gathered in Canton
since Major McKinley'a nomination. It
applauded with vi^or all the emphatic
points of the speech and erected with pro
longed cheers the tribute to Senator Quay.
After Major McKinley finished his
speech the desire to get near enough to
grasp his hand was so general and so in
tense tbat men pulled, hauled and jostled
each other In a very vigorous and at times
alsrminc manner.
The second delegation of Pennsylvani
ans under the auspices of the Pittsburg
Leader arrived on three special trains
about 2:30 and marched with tneir bands
to the McKinley residence. The commit
tee at the head of the delegation, consist
ing of Congressman W. A. Stone, Major
A. B. Hay, representing tbe professions;
William A. Carney, representing the labor
ing men; Samuel Hamilton, representing
the business men; J. F. Burke, Captain
William Fullwood and T. W. Nev.n, ed
itor of the Leader, were taken into Major
McKiniey's study and presented to the
candidate.
A few minutes later, when the com
mittee appeared on the porch with Major
McKinley, there was a demonstration
which lasted several minutes. Men
cheered and tossed their hats in the air,
women waved their handkerchiefs and ap
plauded, and the young men blew tin
horns. When the noise had subsided
Colonel Stone made a short speech and in
troduced William A. Carney, first vice
president of the Amalgamated Association
of Iron and Stee! Workers. Mr. Carney is a
typical workingman and is highly es
teemed and trusted by his fellow toilers.
He made one of the most stirring and ef
fective speeches that has been addressed
to Major McKinley. He said, among other
tilings:
The Republican party has never been un
friendly to the cause of labor and is not to
day. Some workingmen may have been led
astray by the promises of false prophets, but
the great body of laboring men want work
and honest money and believe that the suc
cess of the Republican party will bring them
prosperity.
Mr. Samuel Hamilton also spoke in be
half of the business and commercial
classes.
Replying to these speeches Major Mc-
Kinley said:
Tin- assemblage thoroughly typifies the Na
tional idea of a great American common
wealth, in this, that it represents the equality
of all which lies at the basis of popular gov
ernment.
After speaking in earnest terms of labor
to-day and all it typified, Major McKinley
continued:
The country by a vote this year will either
continue the present industrial and financial
policies of the Government or abandon them.
The Republican party stands to-day as it has
always stood, opposed to the continuation of
an industrial policy which cripples industries
at home, robs labor of its just reward and sup
plies insufficient revenues to run the Govern
ment. [Cries of "Good, good."] It stands op
posed to any change in our financial policy
which would put us upon a silver basis and
deprive us of the use of both gold and silver
as currency. [Cries of "That's rieht."] In
volved in the contest, too, is that fundamental
gut stion of whether we are to have a govern
ment by law. The Republican party stands
now, as always, for the maintenance of law
and order and domestic tranquillity. [Great
applause and cries of "That's right, Major."]
There aie two things which deeply and per
sonally interest the workingmen. They are
work Hnd waxes. They wani steady work at
good wages. They are not satisfied 1 with irregu
lar work at inadequate wages. [Cries of "No."]
They wan i the American standard applied to
both. They are not satisfied with steady work
at poor wages. They want regular employ
ment at remunerative wages, and with steady
work they want to be paid in sound money.
[Cries of '-Good, good."]
They do not want to lose any part of their
hard earnings through poor dollars [a .plause]
and they don't want to be paid in dollars
whose value can only be ascertained by the
daily market reports. [Great cheering.]
Whatever work they have now is paid in good
money, and therefore no complaint is made on
thr.t score.
They are satisfied with the money but they
are not satisfied either with the scant or the
reduced wages. [Cries of "That's right, Ma
jor."] Tney are satisfied with the present dol
lar bill, but they are not satisfied with the
present tariff bill. [Tremendous cheering and
blowing of tin horns.] We have learned from
experience that we cannot increase work at
home by giving it to people abroad [Cries of
"That's right!"] and it is poor policy to keep
our own men in idleness while we furnish em
ployment to those outside of our own country
who owe no allegiance to this Government and
who acknowledge no loyalty to that flag
(pointing to the American flag.) [Great ap
plause.] Washington said: -'There is no
doubt ot the wisdom of the policy of giving
protection and encouragement in any proper
legislative iorm to domestic industry."
There is not a workingman in the United
States who has not learned in the past three
years the wisdom of Washington's utterance.
He appreciates it now more than ever before.
Now. another xpeerimeni is to be tried. [Crie«
oi "We don't want any more experiments."]
No, never, I say, never. Your spokesman gave
the whole philosophy of it when he said that
no matter how much money was coined you
would not get it if you did not have wurk to
earn it. [Great cheering and cries of "That's
right!"] Some people seem to think that a
cheap dollar is the best thing for the working
man. The vase-earners are creditors. Their
wages are paid to-day in money whose pur
chu.-iug power is good for 100 cants on the
dollar anywhere in the world. If a dollar
worth less than 100 cent 3is a legal tender the
workingman will never get any other kind.
[Cries o| 'That's right."]
Who will raise the workingmen's wages to
meet the rise in the prodpeu lie buys? [Cries
of "Nobody ; give us a Republican administra
tion, with McKiney for President," followed
by cheering and blowing of horns.]
The mints, if they were thrown wide open to
the coinage of every character of metal, and
were multiplied a hundred-fold in capacity,
would neither furnish the workingman a job.re
store his exhausted savings nor give him credit.
[Great applause and cries of "You're right,
major."] Nothing, my fellow-citizens, will ac
complish that but work— work at fair wages,
and tbat will only come through confidence
restored by a wise financial and industrial
policy. [Cheers and cries of "Hurrah for Mc-
Kir.ley."]
We cannot have work if we don't have
wealth somewhere, and we cannot have
wealth without work, for work is at the
foundation of all wealth. [Great applause.]
The power to get hold of some money — I don't
care what busiuess we are in — depends upon
whether the man who owns the money wants
what we have and needs what we have more
than he wants or needs his money. If we
have our labor we can get pay for it if some
body wants it who can pay for it, and he never
wants it unless it is necessary to have it for his
convenience or comfort, or to produce some
thing from which he can make profit out of his
money. [Great applause.]
If we want to borrow money our ability to
get it is measured by the confidence the pos
sessor has in our ability and disposition to
repay it.
That is true of whatever kind of money we
have, and there is another thing we ought to
remember, which is that free silver at a ratio
of 16 to 1 or any other ratio will not repeal
the great law of supply and demand. [Cheers.]
It is a grave error to suppose that you can
enhance values by diminishing the value of
money; that you can increase the value of
anything by changing its measure. Garfleld
uttered a great truth upon speaking for the re
sumption of specie payments, when he said:
"In the name of every man who wants his
own when he has earned it, I demand that we
do not make the wages of the poor man to
shrivel in hi s hands after he has earned mem."
[Am>lausi\]
What Garfield so eloquently spoke for was
executed by the redemption law cf 1879. The
dollar of promise became the coin of fulfill
ment, and every dollar we have in circulation
to-day is as good as every other dollar in every
mart and market of the world. [Tremendous
applause.] That is the way it is now, and that
is the way it shall bo ii the people decree the
Republicans in control of every branch of our
Federal Government. [Applause and cries of
"They will do it!" and blowing of horns.] And
the preservation of that dol.ar is as indispen
sable to our National honor and our public
faith as it is to the men who work in factories
and who toil in the fields. [Applause.]
McKINLEY'S CHANCES BRIGHT.
Grand Army Generals to Stake a Com-
hi nnt ion Tour of the West.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. s.— Chairman
Hanna and some other distinguished Re
publicans were at the National head
quarters of the party to-day. After his
busy day was over Mr. Hanna said to a
reporter for the United Associated
Presses:
"I am very proud of my Chicago organ
ization. They showed me reports of effi
cient work and organization in every
State. I don't believe the crowds which
went to hear Mr. Bryan in New York
State indicate any increase in his follow
ing. It only shows a more general inter
est in tbe issues of this campaign. I have
no misgivings about the East going for
McKinicy. We have a good chance to
carry Texas if the harmony plan among
the Republican factions oes through and
the proposed fusion witn the Populisis
carries. A party of prominent Texan Re
publicans were in to see me to-day on this
subject. lam well pleased with the West
ern situation so far as I have received re
ports. Ohio needs stirring up a bit."
General E. H. Terrell was a member of
the Texas part}-, also Ed H. R. Green, son
of the famous Hetty Green. Mr. Green
will be chairman of the Republican State
Committee if ttie proposed harmony plan
gots through at the State Convention next
weeK. The visitors came to get the good
offices of the National Committee to try
to bring about peace and assist in elect
ing two or three cold Congressmen.
A plan for Grand Army cenerals to
make a combination tour of the West ia
opposition to Mr. Bryan waa consum
mated at headquarters this afternoon.
General liusseli A. Alger and Colonel Dan
E. Sickles, the latter a McKinley Demo
crat at Chicago, stopped on their return
from the G. A. R. encampment. They
held a conference with Chief Hahn. and
it was decided that the best way to satisfy
the demands which have been pouring
into the speakers' bureau for G. A. R.
leaders to address the so diers ami others
was to arrange for a tour of distinguished
Union soldiers on a special train. General
Alger placed his car at the disposal of the
party of speakers, who will be: Generals
Alger and Sickles; General Franz Sigel of
New York, also a McKinley Democrat;
General Thomas J. Stewart of Pennsyl
vania, General MulhoLand of New York
and Corporal James M. Tanner of Wash
ington.
It was arranged to begin the tour Sep
tember 21 with a meeting in Chicago, and
then as follows, including Sundays: Two
meetings In Wisconsin, two in Minnesota,
two in lowa, two in Nebraska, three in
Kansas, two in Missouri, four in Illinois,
three in Indiana, one in Kentucky, three
in Ohio and three in Michigan, in the
foregoing order. The selection of the
cities will be left to the State committees,
except that the party will be in Topeka
October 1, which is soldiers' day at the
State Fair. Speeches will also be made
from the rear platform of the car at the
stations en route. Speaking enthusias
tically of the pan, General Sickles said:
"I want to shake hands with the soldiers
and tell them to stand in line as they did
in 18G1. There are more than a million of
them iv the country, and they can do a
lot of good for McKinley besides voting
for him, as a great majority of them will
do."
ENTHUSIASM AT GOTHAM.
Big Republican Mass-Meeting Held at
Cooper Union.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 5.— A mass
meeting ader the auspices of the Repub
lican Club was held at Cooper Union to
night. The hall was well filled and the
address of each speaker was enthusiastic
ally received. Among those on the plat
form when the meeting opened were Gen
eral Horace Porter, General Wager Swain,
W. Sewarcl Webb and Edward Lamerbach.
The principal speaker of the evening
was Sentor John M. Thurston of Nebraska,
who-e remarks were punctuated with pro
longed cheering. Senator Thurston spoke
in glowing terms of the viotory in Ver
mont and then reviewed the financial
question at length. His telling points
were loudly cheer-d by the audience,
which was evidently heartily in sympathy
with the speaker.
AN OLD FAMILY FEUD
It Causes a Desperate Bow, in Which
Several Men Are Shot.
CHARLESTON, W. Va., Sept. 5.— A
desperate row took place at Winifred
Junction, about fifteen miles below here,
this evening about 5 o'clock, between the
Slacks, Aliens and Balls, crowing out ol
NEW TO-DAY.
1128 JMLJ^-^LTSLIHT' STREET.
Prescription
Druggists ?
WHY, YES I
See our Windows This Week. See the
Display of
MERCK'S CHEMICALS
Used in Our
PRESCRIPTION DEPARTMENT.
1 abol/lUI 1 11/ ii ilLl AliliUEiil i.
WE WILL DONATE
$1000 IN GOLD
to m CHARITABLE EISTITUTIOJ
If we cannot prove that we Compound
MORE PRESCRIPTIONS than any
Drugstore in California.
$1000 IN GOLD
Will be paid for any case of Substi-
tution practiced in our Prescrip-
tion Department.
YE HOWLING DRUGGISTS AND
PERCENTAGE DOCTORS, here is a
chance to make an honest dollar.
OUR. MOTTO:
PURE DRUGS
AT BEDROCK PRICES !
OUR Sldl OAKLAND
IS LOCATED AT—
10TH & BROADWAY,
Where the fame Cut Rates prevail as
in our San Francisco Store, and same
gilt-edge quality of Drugs are dis-
pensed.
FREE DELIVERY TO ALAIIEDA AND
fiEUKELKV.
Headquarters for Electric Belts, Trasses, Syringes, Shoulder Braces, I
Elastic Stockings, Etc. Send for Illustrated Price-List.
THE OWLIDRUG CO., I
SAN FRANCiSCO, OAKLAND, LOS ANGELES.
old family feuds, in which twenty or
thirty persons participated.
Mike Branon was shot in the face, one
of the Balls shot in the breast and another
in the leg. One of the Aliens had his jaw
broken and an unknown man was fatally
injnred, bosides a number of others beitv
more or less wounded. The fighting <Ua
not cease until the ammunition was ex
hausted and then the crowd resorted to
rocks and sticks. It is feared the fight
will be renewed to-morrow.
Judge Gregory Xotninated
OMAHA, Nebr., Sept. s.— The Congres
sional committees of the silver Repuoli
can, Populist and Democratic parties of
this, the Second District, held a confer
ence to-day. Last week the Populists and
Republicans nominated Judge Gregory,
and the Democrats, through a misunder
standing with the other party managers,
selected I. J. Dunn. The conferencft to
day resulted in the nomination of Judge
E. J. Duffie, a native oi New York and at
present a Juiige of the District Court. On
the informal ballot the Populists and lie
publicans voted solidly for Duffie, a Demo
crat, while the Democrats were unani
mous for Attorney Frank Ransom, a Re
publican.
TURKS AND ARMENIANS.
Panic Cause:! in Constantinople
by a Man Falling From
a Window.
Rumors That He Had Been Thrown
Out Nearly Result in a Re
nrwal of Rioting.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, Sept. 5.
A complete panic was caused here yester
day by the falling of an Armenian from a
window to the street below. The people
who suw the man fall believed that he had
been thrown out of the window, and a
rumor spread like wildfire that riotinz had
been renewed. The shops iv Constanti
nople and Galatea were closed at once and
kept closed until the scare was over and
the people had become quiet.
It is reported that the Armenian Revo
lutionary Association is making arrange
ments for a great Armenian demonstra
tion. The Armenian Catholic patriarch
has caused the distribution of certificates
intended to identify the holders thereof as
Armenian Catholics, and this movement
has thrown the Gregorian Armenians into
great consternation, fearinir that they
may be made the chief victims of vio
lence.
Coast Postal and Pention Xntes
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 5.— 0. H.
Green was to-lay appointed Postmaster
at Stonyford. Colusa County, Cal., vice
i A. L. Mason, resigned.
The following order was to-day issued
by the Postoffice Department:
This office is advised that the steamer Gaelic
will not sail from Sun Francisco on the 12th
inst., as per foreign steamship schedule for the
current month. The next steamer from San
; Francisco for China and Japan will sail on the
I '21st inst. James E. White, .
General Superintendent.
Pacific Coast pensions have been issued
as follows:
California : Original — William A. Byrnes,
San Francisco; James Cavanaugh, Vet
erans' Home, Napa; Ledyard B7 Hakes,
San Dieeo; Nathan TaJbot, San Jose;
James Smith, Merced; George Phillips,
Modesto; George A. Storm, Los Angeles.
Additional — Harvey L. Carpenter, Soi
diers' Home, Los Angeles. Original widow
— Bertha Bennett, San Pedro.
Oregon : Original — Volney Leonard,
Dolph; Edward M. Carson, Peninsular.
The Owl
Leads!
Others Try to Follow.
100 Page Catalogue Mailed Free.
ANOTHER WORLD BEATER.
SO-Oent
BATH SPONGES
For2So.
SEE THE WINDOWFUL.
A DEEP CUT.
Listerme, 91.00 size 65c
Piercp's Prescription. $1.00 size.. 65c
Paine's Celery Compound, $1.00 size. 60c
Scott's Emulsion, $1.00 size 65c
Warner's Kidney Cure, $1.25 size 85c
Hood's Sarsaparilla, $1.00 size 65c
Joy's Sarsaparilla, $1.00 size 65c
No-to^Bac, $1.00 sise 76c
Cnticara KesoiV' nt, $1.00 size. 70c
I Suntal Midy, $1.00 size 76c
j Manhattan Injection, $1.50 size $1.00
isozodont, 75c size 800
Pink Pills, 50c size 35c
Canadian Club Whisky. $2.00 ........... $l.OO
Hermit Whisky, $1.25 size 75c
Alcock's Porous Plasters, 2.ic size 10c
Carter's or Pierces Pills, 25c size.. • IBe
Pinkham's ComDOund. $1.00 size. 65-:
Pond's Extract, s()c 5ize...... 35c
Mrs. Allen's Female Restorer, $1.00 size 65c
California Syrup of Flrs, 50c size 36c
Munyon's Remedies. 25c size 15c
numpnrey's Remedies, 25c size 30c
i Orange Blossom, $1.00 size 75c
Pennyroyal Pills. $2.00 size $1.50
Hoyt's Cologne, 25c size ' 15c
11. & G. Perfumes, $1.25 s ze 85c
La Blache Powder, 50c size 30c
Pozzoni Powder, 50c size .-. . 80c
Harrison's Montez Cream. 75c size 65c
Yale Toilet Articles, $1.00 size 65c
Malvina ream, 50c size ■. 35c
Cameiline, 5Uc size .'. 88c
Oriental '.'ream, $1.50 size $1.00
Sheffield's Dentifrice. 25c size..... 15c
Colrate's Violet Water, $1.00 size 80c
Vaseline, pure, 2 So size 10c
Rubin's Kxtracts, 75c size '.......•. 65c
AtKlnson's Extracts, 75c size 65c
M. &L, Florida Water, 75c size..... 45c
■ .. ■-■ ><--•■■ .. .. ■•■•■:-■/■
34
SCHEMES IN
THE ORIENT
Russia's Policy Likely to
Be Changed by Loba
noff's Death.
CAN'T BE VERY READILY
REPLACED.
No Other Man Could Hold All
Christendom Quiet During
Turkish Atrocities.
STRANGE FLANS OF ARMENIAN
REVOLUTIONISTS.
England's Attention to Be Engrossed
With the Greatest Ship-Bui:ding
Strike on Rtcord,
[Copyright, 1896, by the New York Times.]
LONDON, Ewa., Sept. &.— lt is a long
time since any sudden death has excited
Europe so much as that of Prince Loba
noff. The confused statecraft of the past
eighteen months had put so many strings
into his hands that his wholly unlooked
for dropping out affected every diplomatic
interest in the Old World. Moreover, no
room has been left for doubt that Rustia's
policy was his own personal affair and
shaped entirely by himself, and though
there were signs that this was not to be
so much longer, he was still the individual
master of the whole international situa
tion when he fell dead. Being a silent,
preoccupied man, much more of the
Moltke than of the Bismarck type, the
public knew very little about his per
sonality, but it was beginning to be real
ized that he must be a man of extraordi
nary powers, if only from his ability to
bold all Christendom quiet while the Turks
massacred Armenians by the tens of thou
sands. Naturally the assumption that he
alone did what had been done suggests
the belief that, no possible successor to his
place will be able to carry on his work un
changed.
Letters received from Russia to-day re
port the existence there of a public rumor
that the Czar has been deeply affected and
depressed by the Lobanoft tragedy.of which
he and his wife were close spectators.
That terrible disaster at the coronation
is still a vivid memory in the Russian
court, for it nearly broke down the Czar's
frail nervous system, and this new shock
cannot but raise fresh foreboding. He
appears in Breslau to-day, striving to look
and act as if nothing had happened, but
no more is heard of the decision reached
at- Vienna, that his wife should remain in
Russia and leave him to travel alone.
When the Czar arrive* at Copenhagen it
will be possible to learn something definite
about his physical and nervous condition,
concerning which, since May, all sorts of
alarming hints have been circulated.
The question of Lobanoff *s successor re
mains entirely a matter of speculation.
The German press displays prompt unan
imity in calling attention to Count
Schouvaloff as the obvious and only man
for the place, and no doubt, from the Ger
man point of view, he would have been an
ideal selection, but before Berlin's plea
for him had reached St. Petersburg he
was stricken with paralysis, and this sum
marily wiped him out of the list of possi
bilities.
What advice Nicholas will get from Em
peror William these next two days — if, in
deed, he gets any — it is impossible to con
jecture; but in the ensuing month of
domestic seclusion at Copenhagen and
Balmoral he will encounter a united fam
ily pressure in favor of M. de Staal. Both
the Danish and the English royal fam
ilies and, it iB understood, the Czar's
mother as well, wish to see M. de Staal
installed in the Russian Foreign Office,
and circumstances seem to be helping
them. On the other hand, the most, pow
ful Russian groups would prefer either
Nelidoff or Shishkine, the .latter having
probably the stronger backing. Austria
and France are both praying for Count
Kahinist, who is intimately known and
liked at Doth Vienna and Paris.
The experience of the past year's kalei
doscopic shiftings should have prepared
one for any novelty, but it is none the iess
very puzzling to find that the Austrian
official press is now vigorously denounc-
Ing England and sneering at the Ar
menian miseries, while the German pa
pers have veered around completely, and
are declaring that Europe can no longer
tolerate the savagery of the Turk. What
this all means it is difficult to say. Very
likely future events will furnish an ex
planation, and if it turns out that during
the Vienna visit Russians and Austrians
struck a bargain on the Eastern question
behind Germany's back perhaus that
would cause the least surprise. But if
anything of the sort was done in Vienna,
who shall say that Prince Lobanoff's
death has not undone it?
For some unexplained reason it Is be
lieved at Marseilles that the fifteen Ar
menian heroes of that extraordinary Otto
man bank exploit will be shipped to
America. Of course it is taken for granted
that France will pay no attention to the
Turkish demand for their extradition.
The Armenians themselves say that,
wherever they may be sent, they will re
turn, re-enter Turkey by way of Greece
and Macedonia and make another demon
stration in- Constantinople. They are said
to regret now that they abandoned their
original scheme for raiding and ieizing
the embassy of one of the great powers in
stead of capturing the bank, and there is
a story that they are resolved to put this
plan into operation when they get back
again. There is a certain originality
about this which fascinates one. To seize
say the Russian or the Austrian embassy
and to hold its staff for ransom under
threat of dynamite bombs would undoubt
edly arrest the attention of Europe. What
« lse it would do is a matter of doubt, but
perhaps the Armenians are right in hold
ing that, whatever the result, it would
necessarily be an improvement on their
present condition.
These last massacres in Constantinople
have had the effect of engaging the vari
ous embassies in a vigorous and common
action. Never before has the Sultan beard
such plain talk and visibly united powers
and it seems to have had a profound effect
on him. I have reason to believe that a
project for putting those provinces of
Anatolia in which the Armenians are
most numerous under an autonomy simi
lar to that secured for Crete has been pre
sented by England and is now under con
sideration by the powers with a consider
able chance of its adoption. If the Ar
menians were not such a scattered race,
with hostages planted all over the em
pire, this would be a simpler task, but
even as it is it is hoped that something
may be done.
As for Crete, it seems on the surface to
have gained all its points, but it is so im
possible to rely on the good faith of the
Sultan that every step toward carrying
out a settlement will be surrounded with
suspicion till it has been actually accom
plished.
Although Dr. Schweinfurth, who ought
to be an authority, says it is physi
cally impossible that a Belgian force from
the Congo State can form a junction with
■ the British column in Equatorial Africa,
or can influence by its operations anything
the English may try to do, it seems cer
tain that the expedition of Baron Dhanis
has some such end deliberately in view.
German explorers report that he is mus
tering at Kilongaionga a force of over
3000 troops, with both Maxim and Krupp
guns, and he is going first to the Albert
Edward Nyanza, thence to Lado by way
of the Nile, and so to Khartoum. As
against Dr. Schweinfurth, other special
ists say that this not impracticable. It is
understood that the French Government
has asked that of Belgium for explana
tions.
To judge from the speeches of the an
nual meeting of the French Central Afri
can Company in Paris yesterday, we are
on the threshold of another series of
Franco-British wrangles over the many
sided Niger question. The presidential
address of M. Tharol was one sustained
denunciation of England and the Niger
Company, with a vehement demand for
an active policy on the part of the French
Government. Experience shows that the
colonial group in Paris rarely bursts forth
in these demonstrations unless the French
Foreign Office sees some profit in the
thing. It is fair, therefore, to regard M.
Tharol's unexpected violence as a sign
that M. Hanotaux wishes to revive the
Mizon squabble, which was supposed here
to be dead and buried, in order to use it
as a makeweight in some new set of nego
tiations with England.
. No one in England can believe that the
two nations will ever seriously fall out
over the Niger question or any other Afri
can issue, but it is recognized as a part of
M. Hanotaux's policy to keep alive and
well nourished as many of these griev
ances as possible.
It is reported here that grave parlia
mentary trouble is imminent in Spain.
Both the Carlist and Republican Deputies
have withdrawn from the Cortes as a pro
test against the passage of the railway
subsidy bill, which they denounce as the
blackest kind of corruption. The charges
of villainy which they prefer cover almost
every branch of the Spanish Government,
and range from talk about wholesale
thefts in the departments and a parlia
ment packed members not really
elected, down to assertions that the muni
cipal administrations are rotten to the
core. That of Madrid is described as spe
cially infamous, and it is said that it
would be a very easy matter to excite in
the capital a Dopular rising, which would
tax the resources of the Government to
the utmost. The Marquis de Cabriuana,
who leads the reiorm party in Madrid,
professes to believe that a revolution can
not be staved off much longer.
Naturally enough the delegates from
abroad who finally attended the Dublin
convention feel disposed to describe it
publicly as a great and important affair,
but they really return home dismayed at
the state in which they found Irish poli
tics. It can only be said that they left this
state worse than they found it. From the
outset they were used a3 tools by the ring
of incompetent egotists who, through mis
use of party funds, have obtained control
of the party organization. Privately
they more or less comprehend and regret
this, but publicly they let themselves be
driven round like a flock of sheep by Dil
lon's heelers. On the strength of this
docile subservience to the Dillonite ma
chine the bosses of the federation of Great
Britain proceeded yesterday to throw out
of their organization every independent
Irishman, beginning with the honored and
venerable figure of T. D. Sullivan, and it is
officially declared that at the next election
the seat of every Healyite will be con
tested. With the single exception of a
young man, who impresses one as sincere
but devoured by vanity, every Bishop in
Ireland held aloof from the convention,
and Cardinal Logue even condemned it in
a speech which the Freeman's Journal
suppressed.
Not a single priest of any influence be
yond his own parish attended the conven
tion and its pretensions lo authority are
divided by four Nationalist papers out of
five throughout Ireland. The English
Liberal press lauds the convention to the
skies, of course, because Dillon is retarded
as an invaluable annex to tne Liberal
party and because his lieutenants can be
•'squared" when the Liberals are in power
by offices for their relatives and depend
ents, but in Ireland all sensible- men are
grieved and depressed by the whole busi
ness.
Another great strike in the ship-build
ing industry will begin the end of next
week, unless a miraclu intervenes. This
time it will be a straight-out fight, trade
uDion labor versus free labor, with no con
fusion side issue whatever. One Clyde
yard employed a non-union workman and
the union men left. The federated ship
builders, under last year's agreement,
called on t':e Amalgamated Society of En
gineers to nil up vacancies. The society
replied that it could not force its members
to work in a particular yard against their
will.
The federation thereupon issued notices
of a progressive lockout of union men,
the first quarter to go on the 12th inst.,
and the remainder in three weekly
batches. The society retorts by threaten
insr a general strike for the 12tn, and the
typesiders have already voted to go out on
that day. The year has be«n one of un
precedented prosperity in ship-building,
both the masters and the men making ex
ceptional profits and wages. Both sides
are fat and lvi! of fight, and apparently
no outside influence has any chance of
persuading them to arrange their differ
ences. I understand that the masters
have been preparing for this struggle ever
since a truce was last patched up, and
that they are confident of their power to
smash the union this time once for all.
The men,- however, are sanguine that they
will bring the federation to terms. At all
events if the contest is once fairly begun it
is likely to rank among the bignest and
most stubbornly fought trade wars in
English industrial history.
Haeold Fredbbic.
Failure of an Old Firm,
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 5.-Isaac
Smiths, Sons & Co., dealers in umbrellas
and parasols, male an assignment to-day
without preference. This is one of the
oldest houses in this line in the United
Stages. The business has been handed
down from generation to generation. It
was established in 1820.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
NEVADA SILVER
FORCES AT WAR
Populists Refuse to Join in
a General Fusion
Scheme.
NAME A FULL TICKET.
Dangberg, Peckham and Steele
Chosen for Electoral
Candidates.
JOINB THE DOUBTFUL STATES.
Failure of the Opposition to Combine
Means Probable Republican
Victory.
RENO, Nbv., Sept. s.— The silver forces
in this State, the birthplace of the free sil
ver movement, have failed to combine, and
Nevada can ba taken out of the Bryan
column and placed in the doubtful list
This is the result of to-day's action of the
State Populist Convention in voting down
a proposition to fuse with the Democrats
and free silver Republicans.
The convention was called to order this
morning by J. B. McCullough, chairman
of the State Central Committee. W. W.
Dunn was chosen temporary chairman,
and after the report of the committee on
credentials was read! and the appointment
of committees on platform, resolutions
and permanent organization a recess was
taken to 2 o'clock this afternoon. On re
convening the temporary chairman was
made permanent and P. a. Porter was
chosen as secretary.
The platform indorses the National
platform and holds the iinancial question
to be paramount to all others; favors Gov
ernment ownership of railroads; opposes
extension of time for the payment of rail
road debts; favors woman suffrage; advo
cates good roads; asks for readjustment
of the expenses of State and county gov
ernment by curtailing the salaries of offi
cials; wants Nevada men for Nevada
offices, and believes the office of regent of
the State University should be taken out
of politics.
After the adoption of the platform a
bitter fight ensued on the question of put
ting up an electoral ticket, a resolution
being introduced favoring fusion with
the Democrats and Silver party. After
two hours' debate tne resolution was de
feated by a vote of 12 to 14, this being a
victory for the middle-of-the-road Top
ulisls.
The following ticket was then chosen:
Presidential electors — F. Dangberg, Doug
lass; George E. feckham, Washoe; Charles
H. Steele, Storey. Member of Congress,
J. C. Doughty, Elko; Supreme Judge, B.
F. Curler Jr., Washoe; Regent of the State
University, long term, Rev. T. Magill,
Washoe. Nominations for the short-term
Regent and Lieutenant-Governor were
passed.
After the appointment of a committee
of three to fill vacancies and of members
of the State Central Committee the con
vention adjourned. B. F. Curler Jr. stated
to a correspondent this evening that he
would refuse to accept the nomination for
Supreme Judge.
SCOTT TALKS AT MODESTO.
Compares Republican Progressiveness
With Democratic Mismanagement.
MODESTO, Cal., Sept. s.— The cam
paign in this county was opened to-night
by the Republicans in a very auspicious
manner. Irving M. Scott of the Union
Iron Works, San Francisco, was an
nounced to speak, and the country people
flocked to town to hear him. He was met
at the train by a band and delegation, and
an immense crowd packed the opera
house. With the firing of cannon and
music of bands the enthusiasm was at a
high pitch.
J. C. Needham, chairman of the Repub
lican committee, called the meeting to
order.
A. S. Emery of Oakdale, chairman of
the meeting, addressed the audience, citing
the prosperity under Republican rule and
the hard times under the Democrats. He
introduced Mr. Scott amid tremendous
applause. The speaker discussed with
eloquence and force the silver question
and protection, paying most attention to
tariff issues and calling attention to the
fact that after the act of 1873 prosperity
reigned and improvements proeressed
until the rule of Cleveland interfered. He
spone of the surplus left in the treasury
by the Republicans, quoting statistics.
The audience interrupted with applause
at the mention of McKinley or protection.
T UL ARE REPUBLICANS.
B. E. Ford of Porterville Xotninattd for
the Assembly.
TULARE, Cal., Sept. s.— The Tulare
County Republican convention met here
to-day and nominated the following can
didates for Supervisor: First District, Rob
ert Baker of Porterville; Second District,
M. Premo of Tulare; Third District,
George F. Beal of Visalia.
Tulare County comprises the Sixty-fifth
Assembly District and part of the Sixty
fourth. The Sixty-fifth District nomi
nated H. E. Ford of Porterville for Assem
blyman. Mr. Ford is a native of Tulare
County and one of the young and vigor
ous men of the Republican party. He is
engaged in the real-estate and insurance
business in Porterville and if elected will
ably represent the best interests of the
county.
The joint Assembly convention of the
Sixty-fourth District, comprising the west
half of Tulare County ana all of Kings
County, will meet in convention at Tulare
September 12 to select a candidate for the
Assembly. That part of Tulare County
located within the Sixty-fourth District
to-day elected the following delegates to
that convention: W. P. Katliff, J. A.
Eck-les, G. Y. Van Dever, M. C. Zumwalt,
P. Malick of Traver and Alex Kramer of
Tipton. The delegates were uninstructed.
PASADENA PRIMARIES.
JET. H. Rose Favored for Assemblyman
by a Btaj'irity of Delegates.
PASADENA, Cai,., Sept. s.— The follow
ing delegates to the Republican County
Convention were elected to-day in the
eight city precincts: F. P. Boynton, W.
8. Lacey, Heman Dyer, L. P. Crawford,
T. D. Allin, D. D. Kelloge, B. W. Diehl, J.
C. C. Jackson, John Peailee, John McDon
ald, N. 8. Wright, E. Lockett, M. C. Hes
ter, George D. Patton, Charles A. Gardner,
8. B. Weatuerbv. Oscar Freeman, W. B.
Van Kirk, F. R. Harris, W. E. Arthur,
George T. Downing, J. W. Wood, John
Cox, J. A. Buchanan, Charles Wooster, J.
G. Goss, 8. Washburn, T. Danbury, R. H.
Williams, C. W. Swan, A. L. Manahan,
( James Clark, T. S. Greene, C. S. Rhodes,
Thomas Sherman. A majority of the
delegates favor H. H. Rose for the Assem
bly from this district.
Los Angeles Primaries.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. s.— The
primaries for the election of delegates to
the Republican County Convention which
will meet in this city next Thursday, were
held In the various precincts of the county
this afternoon. The total vote was very
light. In a few instances where there
were opposition tickets to the caucus
nominees, and where the supervisoral
factions were at war with each other, a
heavy vote was polled. In the precincts
of the city there were opposition tickets,
but in one only were those opposed to the
regular nominees successful.
Cutler Greetrd at Eureka.
EUREKA, Cal., Sept. 2.— Fletcher A.
Cutler, Democratic Congressional nom
inee in the First District, was to-night
given a reception in the parlors of Vance
Hotel. He addressed a large crowd from
the balcony of the hotel. On tne platform
were several prominent leaders of the
Populist party, and this gives weight to
the claim that whether or not Monteith is
pulled down the greater part of Populist
strength will go to Cutler.
El Dorado Populist*.
PLACERVILLE, Cal., Sept 5. -El
Dorado County Populiits, in convention
to-day, nominated Hon. George H. Ing
nam for Superior Judge, and E. V. Daven
port for Assemblyman. A committee was
appointed to confer with a Placer County
committee and name a man for Senator.
Berryessa's Bryan Club.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. s.— The Dem
ocrats of Berryesia have organized a
Bryan Union Club with a good member
ship. The officers are: John Vennum,
president: E. M. Keesling, secretary;
Charles McNeil, treasurer.
Republican Rally at Edna.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., Sept. 5. -The
Republican club of Eina, six miles south
of Here, had a big rally thw evening, at
tended by a large number of Republicans
from this place. Speeches were made by
leading orators of the county.
San Jose Silver -Rally.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Sept. s.— Preparations
are being made by the Bryan and Sewall
Club of this city for holding a big ratifica
tion meeting next Friday evening. Sena
tor Stephen M. White will deliver an ad
dress.
SANTA BARBARA ROMANCE
Wine • Merchant Frisius Will
Wed Miss Josephine
Robin.
He Is Seventy-Three Years Old, and
the Bride-to-Ba Has Just Passed
Twenty.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Sept. 5.—
One of Santa Barbara's wealthiest busi
ness men, a gentleman of 73, will to-mor
row lead to the altar a blushing bride who
has seen but twenty summers. J. F. C. A.
Frisius has been a resident of Santa Bar
bara for twenty-ei^ht years, engaged in
the wholesale wine trade. He is a native
of Germany, and a man of education and
culture. Twenty years ago his wife died
here, and a little later he buried his only
child, a son. Since then he has led a
quiet, retired life, going but little among
people, but respected by all who knew
him.
Mr. Frisius to-day procured a marriage
license, and It is understood that he is to
be wedded in the church of Our Lady of
Sorrows to-morrow.
Down on State street there is a neat
little French laundry, and among the in
dustrious, trim youne women who work
there is one, the sister of the proprietress,
whose sweet and happy face always
catches a second look from the passer-by.
Rosy-cheeked, with smiling blue eyes,
light brown hair and an expression of in
nocent confidence, there are few lighter
hearted girls in Santa Barbara than this
modest, brighi-facod young woman. She
is Miss Josephine Robin, and it is Miss
Josephine Robin who will wait to the
altar to-morrow.
It is understood that Mr. Frisius has
settled the greater part of his large prop
erty upon his bride-to-be and secured for
her a charming little home.
SANTA BARBARA'S LOSS.
Death of Kinton Stevens, the Experiment
ing FiticulturUt. '
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Sept. 5.—
Kinton Stevens, a prominent citizen of
Santa Barbara, residing at El Montecito,
dropped dead early this morning. His
death was a shock to the community. He
was well and about yesterday nnd at the
Country Club till a late hour last night.
Mr. Stevens w as a native of England.
He had a beautiful home at Montecito,
where for many years he made a specialty
of the experimental culture of fruits never
before grown in this country. He added
some forty-five distinct varieties to this
country's list of fruits in this way. He
brought rare trees and tree ferns to Golden
Gate Park under special contract. He
married ten years ago the daughter of
Henry Tallant.
Sausalito's Monster llhnle.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Sept. s.— The mon
ster whale caught off Pescadero Point,
Friday afternoon, was towed by the tug
Vigilant early this morning to a point
opposite the beach of South Sausalito,
where it now lies in shallow water close to
the shore. The whale is about fifty feet
long. It will be placed in a tent on the
beach for exhibition. A small admission
fee will be charged, the proceeds to be
added to the "Night in Sausalito" carni
val fund. It has been named "Colnon,"
after Harbor Commissioner Colnon. The
whale is covered with ridges and barnacles.
An Explosion at Pinole.
PINOLE, CAii., Bcpt. s.— There was an
other explosion at the California powder
worts at 4:53 p. M. to-day. It occurred at
the site of the nitroglycerine-house des
troyed on Tuesday. It was caused by de
composition of acid, which had proDably
not been iznited by the last blow-up.
Fortunately there were no men near the
spot at the time of the explosion, and
hence no one was hurt.
Beroie Rescue nt San Diego.
SAN DIfiGO, Cai... Sept. s.— Chief Officer
Hinkel of the steamer Santa Rosa per
formed a heroic act to-day by leaping
from'the vessel's deck and rescuing T. J.
Kelly from drowning. Kelly fell from a
wharf and owing to injuries received a
few weeks ago was unable to make an
effort to save himself. He was sinking
the third time when Hinkel reached him.
Jricftt* Warehouse Burnett.
BAKERSFIED, Cal., Sept. 5.— A large
warehouse located at Jswetta, a railroad
station a few miles north of here, was
burned to-day. The building was the
property of Solomon Jewett. It was nearly
empty, containing but about sixty-five
tons of hay.
When visiting Mechanics' Fair, do not fall to
see the beautiful exhibit of "Pioneer Brand"
shredded and desiccated cocoanut. Free sam
ple to all. Every day this week carving on
cocoanuts busts of Li Hung Chan? and other
celebrities of the world will be carried on. Do
nol fail to see this interesting wort. •
LOS ANGELES' NEW
HEBREW TEMPLE
B'nai B'rith Congregation
to Occupy a Fine
Edifice.
WILL DEDICATE TO-DAY.
Rabbi Solomon in Charge of
the Ceremonies at the
Opening.
A STRUCTURE IN MOBAIC.
Its Front Hade Picturesque by Large
Moorish Towers at the
Corners.
LOS AWQELM OFFIOK 0* IHB CALL,)
328 South Broadway, V
Los Anqklxs, Cal., Sept. 5. )
The splendid new temple of the B'nai
B'rith congregation at the northeast cor
ner of Hope and Ninth streets will be
dedicated to-morrow afternoon. The dedi
cation ot this edifice, which has been
brought into existence by the expenditure
of a large sum of money, is a notable
event in the history of the Hebrew popu
lation of this city.
When the doors are thrown open to
morrow the temple will have coat more
than $40,000. It is equal in grandeur to
anything yet attempted by the Hebrew
race on this coast. The ground was
broken for the new temple eight months
ago, and, although the work of construc
tion has been pushed with all possible dis
patch, the building was not completed
until this evening.
The temple is of the Mosaic style of ar
chitecture. The wiath of the building is
65 feet, the depth 106 feet and the greatest
height 90 feet. The ground floor has an
11-foot ceiling and is divided into a num
ber of rooms. On the next floor is the au
ditorium, with seating capacity for 600
people. It is about 56 by 75 feet in dimen
sion and has a very high arched ceiling.
The puipit is raised three feet and is 24 by
feet. The choir-loft is the largest of
any in the city. The auditorium is fin
ished in Oregon pine and oak. The main
stairway leading to the auditorium is
made of Oregon pine. The Dews are plush
cushioned and of oak. The temple will be
lighted throughout with electricity. A
large Moorish tower is at each corner of
the front of the building.
The bnilding of the temple was in the
hands of the officers and trustees of B'nai
B'rith congregation, assisted by the build
ing committee. The officers are: Her
man \V. Hellman, president; Michael
Levy, vice- president; H. W. Frank, treas
urer; J. E. Waldecs, secretary; trustees —
H. Newmark, A. Haas, Joseph Sunder
land, B, Baruch, — Kahn; building com
mittee — J. Baruch, Isaac Norton, J. Loew.
The dedication exercises will be con
ducted by Rabbi M. G. Solomon.
FEAST OF SAINT VI MIAN A.
George Montgomery Will Be Ordained a
Bishop To-Day.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. s.— An im
portant event in the history of the Catho
lic church of California will be the cele
bration to-morrow of the feast of Saint Vi
Biana, the patroness of the great diocese
of Monterey and Los Angeles, and the in
duction into the holy office of Bishop of
George Montgomery, for some time co
adjutor Bishop to Bishop Mora, resigned.
The occasion will bring together many
notable clereymen. During pontifical
mass a sermon will be preached by the
noted critic and editor of the Monitor,
Rev. Peter Yorke of San Francisco. The
installation ceremonies at the cathedral
will be followed by a banquet in the
afternoon at the Bisnou's residence, given
by the clergymen of the various parishes
and prominent laymen. Father Yorke
will lecture in the morning.
Abductor Orosco Captured.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. s.— Albert
Orosco, the young man who abducted Ber
nardino Ruiz before her mother's eyes,
was arrested by Deputy Sheriff Philippe
A vila this morning. He found the pair in
a lodging-house. The eirl was restored to
her mother and Orosco was taken to the
County Jail. Orosco was arraigned before
Justice Young, and his trial was set for
September 14. Bril was fixed at $2000,
and being unable to give it he will have to
languish in prison.
Tunneler Jones Riturned.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. s.—Detec
tive Auble returned this morning with
Fred L. Jones, the alleged tunneler, to the
First National Bank. Jones was arrested
m Spokane, Wash., and was returned on
extradition papers.
SOCIETY A T DEL MONTE.
Interest Centers in the Tennis
Tournament to Begin on
Tuesday.
Mr. and Mrs. Hobart Entertain a
Select F w of Their Friends at
a Spanish Dinner.
DEL MONTE, Cxt., Sept. 5. — The
Country Ciub's black frown has affected
Burlingarae not at all. Quite a number of
the BurHngftmites were so well pleased
with the recent meet here that they have
stayed longer and seem to thoroughly en
joy the many pleasures to be bad in and
around the big caravansary. Swimming
and wheeling divide honors equally with
driving. In the morning the tanks and
the surf present a decidedly lively appear
ance, and many whose health or courage
will nol permit them to indulge in the in
vigorating surf greatly enjoy watching
others at the sport. Miss Juliette Wil
liams, Mrs. Hobart's pretty Bister, and her
cousin. Miss Rogers, are both good swim
mers, and appear very charming in their
pretty bathing suits. Bowling is indulged
in to a considerable extent by the more
athletic young ladies, and there are some
experts among them, notably Miss Cas
serly.
In anticipation of the tennis tournament
to be held here on Tuesday and Wednes
day of the coming week, every one is be
ginning to talk tennis, and those who
nave become "rusty" from want of prac
tice are brushing up on technical ethics in
ordar to be able to meet any emergency of
conversation. The courts are being put
into prime condition, and every one ex
pects great things from the tournament.
Walter S, Hobart and party are still
here and are to be seen driving every day
on one of the many scenic roads here
abouts. Mr. Hobart has sent all bis
racers and polo ponies, brought down for
the steeplechase meet, back to lm stock
farm at San Muteo, but his drag and two
or three other traps and a few driving
horses are yet here. Mrs. Hobart's pony
carriage and tiny pair continue to be the
admiration and envy of the children for
miles around.
Mrs. C. A. Spreckels and Mrs. Adam
Grant also remain at the hotel, and are
keeping their private equipages here.
What Dei Monte would have done with
out "Jack" Casserly this summer is be
yond conjecture. He came for the Fourth
of July ball, and, with a few temporary
absences, has stood faithfully at his post
ever since. As a rule, men are scarce at
Del Monte, as at other summer resorts,
and, therefore, one who may be depended
upon to so unselfishly dance attendance
for a whole summer is a blessing beyond
compare.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter 8. Hobart gave a
Spanish supper at the clubhouse on Fri
day night. One of ti.e large cardrooms
was decorated with evergreens and flowers,
and amid the spicy perfume of pine and
cypress boughs the scuests enjoyed tamales,
enchiladas and other fiery examples of
Spanish cookery. The recipients ol Mr.
and Mrs. Hobart's hospitality were: Mrs.
Gus Spreckels, Miss Williams, Miss
Rogers, Mrs. Casserly and Miss Casserly,
Mrl Scholle, Mrs. Crocker Alexander, B.
I. Halliday, 0. B. Alexander, Mr. Scholle
and " Jack" Casserly.
R. Turn bull and William Turn bull of
London, bath of whom are interested
largely in the London and Northwest
Railroad, are here. They came to Califor
nia to look over the Southern Pacific sys
tem and its workings. Among the other
recent arrivals are : Mrs George Crocker,
Miss Rutherford, Miss Birdie Rutherford,
Mrs. J. 08. Gunn and maid, Miss Gunn,
Eckel Gunn, Miss Lacy, F. Harrison of
London; R. Turnbull. William Turnbull
of London ; Mrs. W. W. Duflleld, Wash
ington; Hugh Rodman, United States
navy; Colonel C. F. Crocker, C. de Guigne;
Ernest Rudolph Gunther, New York;
Elmer Hughes and wife, New York; Mr.
and Mrs. E. E. Spalding, Pasadena; Mrs.
F. L. Orton, Mrs. L. Sutton, Miss Kate
Button, Miss Lucy Sutton, T. McCor
mick, Mr. and Mrs. Hastings, Portland;
Colonel Watkawsky and Miss Watkaw9ky,
Russia; Mr. and Mrs. Milne and Miss Mc-
Laren, Australia: Captain A. H. Payson,
San Francisco; Mrs. J. T. Little, Miss L.
T. Little, B. C. Halladay, J. Durght, wife
and family, Cincinnati; Milton Pray and
wife, San Francisco; Crosby Dawkins,
Jacksonville, Fla. ; Claude Kilpatrick, St.
Louis; H. Steizawalt and family, Phila
delphia; Mrs. O. C. Bosbyshell, S. F.
Greene and wife, Fort Worth, Tex. ; Mr.
and Mrs. McGringham, R. G. Mackay,
San Francisco; Horace S. Oakley, ChU
cago; W. H. King, Miss Jennie Glanz,
Miss Feiling, Dr. S. W. Dennis, Mrs. A.
Leavick and daughter, Denver; J. J.
Hughes, E. G. Wheeler, C. L. Foster. Dr.
P. Q. Cotter and wife.
SANTA MONICA INSTITUTE.
Scientific Discussion* of Topics of Inter
est to Growers.
SANTA MONICA, Cal., Sept. s.— The
Farmers' Institute here, which has been
in session for the past two days at the
Methodist Church, closed this evening
with a good attendance. Three sessions
were held to-day.
Byron O. Clark of Pomona talked on
"Small Fruits" and A. Scott Chapman on
"Lemon Culture and Cure." Professor
Hilgard delivered a splendid paper on the
work of the College of Agriculture. C. A.
Coffmanof Rivera told the story of walnut
culture and H. J. Rudisill gave a tine talk
on good roads.
Processor Cook opened thi9 evening's
session with a talk on "Insects and Bucs,
Useful and Destructive." Mrs. C. H.
Ivens gave an address on "Home Read
ings" and H. B. Chamblin of Riverside on
"Co-operation."
SAN JOSE ATTACHMENT.
Property of the People's Telephone ana
Telegraph- Company Seized.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 3.— The People's
Telephone and Telegraph Company was
attached this afternoon by the Santa
Clara Valley Mill and Lumber Company
on a claim for $3632 due for material fur
nished. The instruments, poles and wires
were levied upon.
Poeatello Escape Recaptured.
POCATELLO, Idaho, Sept. s.— Sheriff
Sullivan returned to-night with Charles
Strong, who broke jail here about two
weeks ago and escaped with two other
prisoners while Jailer Ross was at dinner.
Strong was captured at Shoshone by
Deputy Sheriff White. He is wanted here
for burning a steam laundry last winter
and is also suspected of having aided in
the escape of Murderer James Scanlon on
Easter morning. ,
nrYYoimrro'Tmro'Tro'T^ a ya-o"a'g'a"ofl a ay^,
I MANHOOD ■:;■;.■.■ 1
i REGAINED! 1
° *R
» YnilNIP AM Regain 1 ECZEMA Comes with extreme Irritation 3
o I VJL/l\ljr IVirVIN your lost ST ZEST A and watery pimples. Just as 3
,o VnilMP IV/I A M strength; ECZ MA soon as your skin becomes dry 3
0 I UUINU IVirVIN stop the " ECZE3IA and parched and Itchy just so 3
._ \//"M |M/> n/i AKT wastine ECZEMA soon must, you help yourself. °?
£ YOUNG MAN aVav of ECZEMA you will no Ice small pimples "{
£ A/rvilKio i».M the bodr ECZEMA with a watery fluid In spot* or d
5 YOUNG MAN *vii??n£ ECZEMA over the body. 3
*° x ,Xiix,)> iivli &„ c\ £ ECZh.MA If you are suffering from 3
>° YOUNG MAN th ° g % KCZKMA Eczema learn about its car« 3
*° xr^vr\i, Li .It remedy- ECZEMA and cure. Call or write for 3
>o YOIJNO MAM T atl S e^ ECZEMA Kczemabook. tall or write to 3
C IV^VJINVjt IVIrVIN HUDYAN ECZEMA the great Hudson Doctors. 3
Jo ECZEMA Write to-day. —;"•,• "l
I HODYAN CURES . '|"gsii|i||
I Lost Manhood, Nervous Debility, '- !.. "™!^*^.......;...J I
C Melancholia, Constipation, - . °
I E-n'i^l.tTJ^we^tck HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE; a
H> parts— indeed the entire sys- f iv?r *™ h ™V our , llver^ t8 < " 8 ?« J « r « d 3
g tern is strengthened and in- "v£ B lympToLrYousnouiawmrfo? H
So vigorated jby wonderful X yE B "Liver Book." it is free. °<
C HtlllVAM IH LI\EK -Are you Irritable?" °{
£ rIUUYAIN. LIVER "Are you nervous?" «*
U LIVER "Do you get dizzy?" ' of
> HUDYAN CURES &vel ::^oU 0 me n m 0 o e r rplor r r 3
Nervousness, Debility and $&gg -SS JSS L^cffi^ 3
)° Stops Emissions. . ' HVER "Do you get tired easily T" 3
i>° LIVER "Do you have hot flush ' -"3'
jo LIVER "Is your eyesight blurred'" 3
IS I CIRCULARS FREE.......: ±\^]\ "n^yZllt^ ZT.!^' B
Jo «'V,' ''"' ••... LIVER "Is your flesh soft and flabby ?"■ 3
}b Call or Write. liIAER 'Are your spirits low at times?" °S
jo tl^-El* . "'? there a bloating after eat- °(
g TAINTED BLOOD. ""vwt '"!,,„.„„ MM „,„„,, lO||1 O|| 3
| fig?!! SKBS. Jtsusts : I II 2l> '- —-i - I
| Tilpg^ss^SSi kiss boH^ — ™ .n -.
g sjKrgs&Sosasrjt&sj «vkE „;■•..<»» ■■»*»» .»«....», 3
\o TAINTED BLOOD SSI' P Irritated, LIVKIt -Do you suffer from . pains in 3
)a TAI.Mi n KLOOD Dry, Parched X-IVER temples?' " ol
Jo TAINTED BLOOD Throat, Ulcers in HyES "Do you have sense of heat In °
!>o TAINTED BLOOD the Mouth, Falling Hv^S bowels?" a
So TAINTED BLOOD Hair and Bad Mill "Do tog have palpitation of th. 1
c limn 111 WS& tirii :™ ■ — — « :
: s' : J A !^J El> BI '° O1 ? cure. Call or write If you wish to be cured of your liver 3
» TAINTED BLOOD for the trouble write for "Liver Book." It will be °
>o "............;.■...;...... t . sent to you free. ; v'\v-.- ; - °
> I 80-Day Cure Circulars. ''•■ hudyan cures |
■g : ...............: ..........,: LIVER DEBILITY. 3
to "• CIRCULARS FREE. 3
g .HUDYAN CUBES HrDYAN man's best friend. Hudyaa 3
jS : : FAILING MANHOOD. lESyax cu ci"iw"m! for""*
p Testimonials Free. HUDYAN CIRCULARS. 2
I HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE -s
jo STOCKT^X A F N R D A N M C l^O XE C T Ag TREETS ' |
TACOMA'S BOLD
WHALE HUNTERS
Captain Alger's Party Is
Still in Tow of a
Leviathan.
STAY WITH THEIR PREY
A Collision With a Boom of
Logs Almost Results in
Disaster.
TBAVELS OF THE BIG FELLOW
Though Pricked by Harpoons It Finds
Time to Enjoy Occasional
Meals.
TACOMA, Wash., Bept. s.— The Alger
whaling party, which the Henderson Bay
whale has been towing since Tuesday
evening, had a thrilling experience last
night, which nearly cost them their lives.
The whale, the two rowboats and the tow
lines became entangled with a big boom of
logs which the tug Discovery was towing
between Tacoma and Olympia. The whale
dived under the logs, freeing itself from
one harpoon and jerking the boat contain
ing the whalers against the raft. Two of
the party were thrown out, and but for
the quick work of their comrades would
have been drowned. Carl Evans, the har
pooner of the party, thus describes their
experience:
"The whale made straight for the tug
and raft and crossed and recrossed the
towline, making it extremely difficult for
the small boats in tow to keep clear ot the
line, sometimes going over and sometimes
under it. The Alger was swept fore
and alt, the boat itself nearly going under.
For. the first time the whale stubbornly
declined to be herded and showed strong
inclination to run down the leading boat.
It would cross the steamer's towline, doing
so six times, scraping its back on the line
and occasionally crossing the steamer's
bow to the great peril of the barrel buoy,
which always caught the towline, spring
ing it several feet."
The oarrel buoy attached to one har
poon was, he says, finally lost, greatly in
creasing the whalers' danger, since its
buoyancy prevented the whale from div
ing deep and the consequent possibility of
pulling the whaleboats under. After sev
eral hours of peril and excitement the
leviathan finally got clear of the log boom,
when the whalers sank in their boats from
exhaustion and went to sleep.
The whale traveled over twenty miles
during the night, passing Hart3tein Island
on its way to Olympia. After feeding for
about two hours among a school of fish
this morning it started on another cruise,
passing through the narrows and around
Point Defiance into Tacoma harbor, where
it spent the forenoon.
This afternoon it turned and went back
to Steilacoom.
The tug Laurel has gone out with pro
visions for the whalers and to stand by
until the whale is killed. Alger expects
to finish it at the next opportunity the
party gets to use lances.
Hundreds of people will go out on
steamers to-morrow to see the whalers and
their novel motive power.
Excursionists Visit San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. s.— Two thou
sand excursionists arrived yesterday and
to-day from Los Angeles and other South
ern California points, and many will re
main to witness the celebration on Ad
mission day by the Native Sons. Busi
ness-houses and trolley lines are being
decorated in honor of the visitors.CANDELARIA WINS
AT SACRAMENTO
The Rich Nursery Stake
Goes to Burns and
Waterhouse.
ROAST FOR THE TALENT
The Heavily Played Fleur de
Lis and Lumina Not in
the Chase.
LIBEETINE AGAIN DEFEATED.
Vinctor Takes the M asure of the
Crack Sprinter— Miss Pollard
in Front.
SACRAMENTO, Cai.., Sept. s.— lhe
rich Nursery stake, worth $3675 to the
winning horse, was the special feature on
the card that drew the immense crowd to
Agricultural Park to-das. El Primero sta
ble's pair, Fleur de Lis and Lumina, were
top-heavy favorites for the richjprize, but
both ran like "dogs," finishing bad in the
rnck. The two were hot favorites in the
betting and the speculating public lost a
barrel of coin over their miserable show
ing. The cash was won by Candelaria,
second choice In the betting, whose win
could in a great measure be attributed to
the splendid piloting he received at the
bands of America's greatest all-around
rider, Mike Hennessy. He used rare judg
ment, and when the leaders had raced
their beads off came on and won compar
atively easily. Tne winner ran in the
colors of Burns & Waterhouse.
Most of the business houses in the city
gave their employes a half-holiday, and
the directors of the society, who had be- j
come somewhat disheartened at the light
attendance during the early days of the j
week, gained renewed courage as they '
gazed upon the crowded grand stand and
betting- ring. Sacramento's prettiest'
•women were out in their latest gowns, I
and the aay will undoubtedly take pre- !
cedent as the most successful of the
meeting.
Vinctor again took the crack Libertine
into camp in the special six-furlong event ;
M'ss Pollard let the talent down with a
thump in the mile race, starting at odds
of 7 to 1; Alma downed Dolore in the j
opening sprint; and Huntsman, the favor
ite, managed to land the hurdle race in a j
drive from Gold Dust, an outsider. Talent i
and books broke about even.
After Alma, the 9 to 5 second choice in \
the opening five and a half furlongs spin,
bad beaten the 8 to 5 choice, Dolore, out in
in a drive, the thirteen starters in the mile j
run wen called. This was a rare guessing '
contest. The crowd was undecided be- ;
tween Cola and Rebellion, each going to i
the post at odds ot 3to 1. Rebellion never
was close to the coin, but Coda managed j
to land third. In a mild sort of a drive !
Miss Pollard, the "copper on and copper '
off" Idalum mare, managed to get to the j
■wire first by three parts of a length, with i
Two Cheers in the pi ace. Time, I:43J^.
Next came the Nursery stake, with a!
field of nine going into Starter Havey's '
hands. Fleur de Lis and Lumina, coupled j
in the betting, were warm favorites, their !
price being rapidly rubbed from 6 to 5 to |
4to 5. Cand°laria and the Elm wood pair, I
Hohenzollern and Vinctor, . received the j
most support of the balance of the starters. '
Just as the field was sent away George i
Palmer, carrying the red, white and blue !
colors of A. B. Spreckels, stum bled and let :
JocKey Piegott drop onto the soil with a I
thud. Macklin on Fleur de Lis at once j
rushed the Maxim filly out in front, j
chased by True Blue and Hard Tack.
They raced in about this order until near
ing the stretch, when Hohenzollern under
hard urging passed True Blue, taking sec
ond position. When straightened out for !
the final struggle Candelaria, who was j
away well, bat fell back, began forging to !
the iront. ana a furlong from the judges
the result seemed in doubt. Candelaria
gradually pulled away, and at the end
won cleverly by two lengths from Hoben- j
zollern- in 1:16^. Joe Narvaez on Hohen- '
zollern rode a most excellent race. Vinci- !
tor, the later's stablemate, was a close
third. Lamina, ridden by George Miller, j
who was evidently intended to come in j
on the stretch after Fieur de Lis had killed
the leaders off, tailed dismally.
The story of the six-furlong" special can i
be told in a few chapters. Galen Brown I
thought his big sprinter Libertine fit, to i
ran for a kingdom, and the son of Leonatus I
was backed down from 7 to 10 to 11 to 20 ;
in the betting. The only other starters J
were Vinctor, Bellicoso and Sir Play. The
two first-named horses went to the p st at i
4 to 1 and Sir Play with 25 to 1 about him.
Libertine led to the stretch, where Vinctor !
gradually overhauled him and won by l
three parts of a length in 1:14^. Free- i
man waited altogether too long with Bel- i
licoso, finishing an indifferent third.
The last race of the day was for the
"leppers," one and a quarter miles over
five hurdles. There were several stumbles
and fumbles, finally resulting in the 6 to 5
favorite, Huntsman, ridden by Cuddy,
taking the purse from Gold Dust by "a
neck in a drive. JO C, ridden Dy Hen
nessv, fell at the first jump, and Robin
Hood I and Torsion came to grief at the
fourth obstacle.
Five and a half furlongs, belling, two-year-olds ;
purse $350. •
Burns*. Wnterhoose's b. f. Alma, 96, by Take
Noilci-Picnic (.Mar In). 9 to 5 1
rueb!o stable's b. 1. iiolore, 99, by Wildidle-Ro
setf (K. lnom). 8 to 6 2
M. J. Kelly's eta. c. Torpedo, 102, by Racine-Imp.
Onida (Snider}. a to 1 3
Time, 1:08.
Jay Wheeler and Eezonia also ran.
One mile, selling-, purse $400.
Sbaner & Burlingame's b. f. Miss Pollard, 100.
I).- imp. Idaltum-Kyrle Daly (Sheppard), 7
t0i...: i
noodmore stab! 's br. g. Two Cheers, 113. oy
Three Cheers-Lady Emma (Bozeman;. 12
to 1 - 2
Pueblo stage's b. 1 Coda, 95, by imp. Cyrus-Ro
sette (K. Jsom), 3 to 1 3
v Time. 1:43%.-.
Regan. Warrago, Rebellion, Long Lady, Nic-
N»c, Clara Johnso-i, Ska.kaho, Broad Billow, Jack
Klchlleu and Khaetla also ran. •
The Nursery stakes, six furlongs, for two-year,
olds; v 'ue *4075.
Burns A Wae house's b. c. f and' laria, 118, by
imp. M!dlothian-Coseu« (Henne.sv) 11 to .V.I
Kinj wood stock farm's b. c. Hohenz ■Mem, 1 18,
by imp. Brutus-Bmwn Maria ( \arva»z), 8 to 1 2
Tlmwood sock farm's b. c. Viiicitor, 111, by
Inin. Brutus-Moiiie H (Mc(ilone), 8 to 1 3
* T me. 1:16V 4 .
Miss Maggie M, 1 rue Blue, Kieurde Lis, Lumina,
Hard Tack and Ueorge l'almer aiso ran.
Six furlongs, special: purse $400.
Klmwood stock farm's b. h. Vinctor. 112, bylmp.
Bruius-Mollie H (Narvaez). 4 to 1 1
J (i Brown ita's b. b. Llber:ioe, 1 5, by Leo-
Daius-Fai.'is (Mack in). 11 to JO 2
Poeblo s able'a b. h. Bellicoso. 1112, by Peel-imp.
Janet N itreeman), 4iol S
Time, I:l4V*.
Sir Play also ran.
One mile and a quarter, selling, over live hur
dles; purse *4UU.
i. Herzo^'s li H- Huntsman. 130. by I'rlnce Of
Norfo r:-H:ii<lee (< v idy). 6 o5 1
Owen Bros.' b. i. oold Dust. 130, by Oru-Goid
Cup (Kudolph), 8 to ) 2
O. H. .Martin's cb. ni. My .Sweetheart. 121, by
Major Ban- Libber iflibbert (Gal.ndo), 8 to 1... 3
Tim-, -:-o>^
Ontl On, Zaraiioza, Kobt.i Hood I, Baby Bill,
Quarter.uaff. Korsion and J O C also ran.
The pacers and trotters will again re
spond to the tap of the bell on Monday.
The entries are as follows:
Tr ttine, 2:30 class, purse $800— Peter Jack
son. Millie L, Joe Nolan, Goldy, Auditor, Bil
lups. Leader. Fanny C, Silver King.
Trouine, 2:35 Class, purse $800, heat dashes
— FHnadma, Captain Harris, Maud Frauds G,
Wow, Alia EUeru
Pacing, 2 :27 class, purse f 800. heat dashes —
Cinnabar, Butcner Boy, Blue Belie, Alto Genoa,
Joe Wneeler, Baatina, Lizzie E, Mollie Nurse,
Butch.
TIBUNON'S CLAM-BAKE.
Preparation* Mad* to Accommodate five
Thousand People.
TIBURON, Cai*. Sept. s.— Preparations
for to-morrow's great clam-baKe and gen
eral good time were completed to-night.
Besides the baked clams and the barbecue
nearly 300 chickens will be sacrificed for
the feast. It is expected that 5000 people
will be in Tiburon. . The tables have been
extended to accommodate this number
and more. One hundred bucketfuls of
clams are being dug. This makes about
250 bucketfuls, each being sufficient for
twenty persons. Tr-e Richardson>Band of
Sausa'ito will be on the giound at 10
o'clock in the morning. The railroad com
pany will put on three extra ferry-boats.
«
SAN RAFAEL'S CICLE PARADE.
Morel Features Arranged for the Wheel
men's Celebration.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 5.— A1l the
committees having in hand the prepara
tions for the great lantern parade to take
place here on the evening of the 12th inst.
are working zealously. One of the prob
able features of the parade will be a Zobo
band of at least sixteen pieces. Every
rider is busy now designing a decoration
for his wheel. Lanterns will be hung
across the streets that night and bunting
'. will be placed on the houses and store
! fronts. The colors of the San Rafael Ath
-1 letic and Cycling Club— black, orange and
! yellow — will be predominant.
MILL VALLEY ASSAULT.
Ebenezer Wormuth Erutally
Beaten by a Midnight
Prowler.
His Assailant Believed to Have Mis>
taken Him for a Youn~
Womaa.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., Sept. s.—Ebe
nezer Wormuth, an old resident of Mill
Valley, was brutally assaulted by an un
known man between 12 and 1 o'clock this
morning within a few feet from his door.
He was badly beaten about the face and
one of his ribs was broken. I 1I 1 rank Re
galia, who was working In the neiehbor
hood, is suspected of having committed
the assault. He was taken this afternoon
by Deputy Constable Gray to ihe County
Jail at San Rafael and placed under
$10,000 bail, Judge Fotterell of Mill Valley
making the commitment.
Wormuth left the house about 12 o'clock
to co to an outhouse and was attacked on
his return. His assailant beat him se
verely over the head and face and then
threw him to the i round and kicked him.
breaking one of his ribs. Mr. "Wormuth,
after lyin on the ground for an hour or
more, succeeded in getting up and enter
ing his house. He awakened his wife, who
went out to alarm the neighbors. Deputy
Constable Gray lives within a few hundred
feet of the Wormuth place. He heard the
cries for help shortly after midnight. Gray
armed himself and began a systematic
search through the redwood grove and th
adjoining fields, without finding any one.
When he entered the house, Wormuth
was covered with blood and was suffering
great pain.
Worrnuth believes the man who struck
him mistook him for o young woman who
is living at ti>e house. He is 75 years of
a -e and next to the oldest inhabitant of
M ill Valley. He is said to be possessed of
great wealth, all of which he has accumu
lated since he has been in the valley, and
which, it is said, is buried around some
where about his property.
Military Ball at Xapa.
NAPA, Cal., Sept. 5. — Company H
; pave a ball in its new armory on South
Main street last night. The music, jup
plied by the >'apa Specialty Club Orches
tra, was excellent, and the soldier boys
did all in their power to make the gupsis
enjoy themselves. Under the able man
agement of the floor director, Lieutenant
H. H. Hotter, the evening's entertainment
passed off pleasantly. Over 125 couples
participated in the dance.
Ordered to Port Orchard.
BEATTLE, WASH., Sept. s.— The United
States monitor Monadnock of the North
Pacific squadron, now at Port Aneeles un
der command of Admiral Beardslee, is
soon to be placed in the new Government
drydock at Port Orchard for repairs and
overhauling, in compliance with a N.-vy
Department regulation which requires
that all such vessels shall be inspected
every six months.
Jtarhnm at Finteni'ville.
DOWNIEVILLE, Cal., Sept. s.— Judce
fiarharu and Colonel J. H. Roberts ad
dres-ed a large and enthusiastic audience
here this evening, under the auspices of
the Dowmeville McKinley Club.
RECEPTION AT STANFORD.
Fresbmen Welcomed by the Uni
versity Christian Asso
ciations.
Dr. Stillman Pays a Tribute to Presi
drnt J rdan — Big Men for the
Footba 1 Team.
B TANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
5. — The freshmen were given a receotlon
last night by the University Christian
Associations The affair was a brilliant
one from a social standpoint, bringing out
a large number ot upper classmen to
mingle with the newcomers. A pro
gramme was rendered by the varsity
musical organizations and addresses were
made by Dr. Still man, Dr. Thoburn and
Burton Palmer. In his remarks, greeting
the new men. Dr. Stillman spoke feelingly
of President Jordan, paying him many
compliments and regretting that he was
not present to receive the freshmen as only
he can.
Captain Fickeri has called a meeting of
football men for Monday, when he will
meet them and let tnem know what is re
quired of them. The captain reports that
the class of 1900 has brought, in some very
tine material. There are a sreat number
of big men who have had football ex
perience. The new class can already
cuunt more six-footers than any other
class in the university, and it is estimated
that not nion* than half of them have en
tered up to this time.
Murpnyof Salem University will make
a bard try lor quarter. This is the man
whom Berke ey tried s>. ham to get.
Much is expected of Gus Madden, who
clayed end last year on th- Olympic Club.
Then there are the experienced football
men, Hall and Rusk of Portland Univer
sity. Both of these men have good
records and should make a hard fight for
their respective positions at guard and
center.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896,
WILD MAN OF
KLAMATH LAKE
Strange Character Found
Among Northern
Indians.
FEARS HIS OWN RACE.
Flees to Hiding-Places in the
Woods at the Approach
of Whites.
BERRIES AND SNAILS HIS FOOD.
He Is Well Supp ied With Money,
but Parts Wi h It for
Tobacco Only.
EUREKA, Cal., Sept. s.— The parents '
of William McGrade, the young man lost j
last January, returned to-niebt from the :
Kiamath country after a fruitless search.
They found a demented young man, but <
he was not their son.
The Klaniat Indians tell a queer tale of
the unknown lad's actions. He subsists on
snaiis, berries and w. at small animals c
can trap. Nothing can induce him to
spend a night in their settlement. When
da.kness approaches be hastens to the
woods and makes his bed in the under
brush. The sight of white men is repul
sive to him, and he flees at their approach.
He paints his face with a black substance
obtained in the woods, and desires to look
as much like an Indian as possible. He
occasionally disappears and no traces of
bil whereabouts can be discovered for
days. His clothes are in tatters, and
nothing can induce him to mend them.
He is w*fl supplied with money, bat will
part with it for nothing except tobacco.
His most highly prized possession is a
memorandum-book, in which he makes
entries in a legible hand. When about to •
make one of his regular disappearances
he intrusts the notebook to an old squaw,
who cannot be induced to part with it.
Th.-> wild man is probabiy about 26 years '
o'. age, but very youthful in appearance.
Work whicb he has done on saddles and
bridles for the Indians shows cons:derable
knowledge ol the names-maker's trade.
He will not reveal h;s name and identity. ;
PURSUED TO PORTLAND
Mrs. Vogel's Transcontinental
Chase Alter a Recreant
Husband.
Claims She Seeks Him Only to Enable
Herself to Procure a Divorce
Decree.
PORTLAND, Ok., Sept s.— One of the |
most patient women known to this era of
"easy husband getting' 1 is Mrs. Max Vocel ;
oi New York, who arrived here yesterday
in search oi her liege lord, who deserted ;
her nine years ago, leaving her in distress
ing circumstances. Mrs. Vogei railed on
Chief of Police Minto to seek^iis assist
ance in locating her recreant Maximilian,
who has anglicized his Teutonic name to
Bird. Mrs. Vogel says that her deserting
husband is a journeyman tailor, and she
singularly enough remarked that her sole ,
purpose In attempting to locate him was
to obtain a decree of divorce. For some :
years she tried to get a clew to his where
abouts by correspondence, but failing in
that she began traveling after him several
months ago.
Mrs. Vogel succeeded in tracing Bird to
Helena, and thence to Butte. but it seems [
as though the wandering tailor always
had a premonition of his wife's coming, I
and he invariably left a town several days |
ahead of her entry. At Butte she received i
positive assurance that her Bird had flown i
to Spokane, and with a persistency worthy i
of a b- tter cause she followed him thither. |
Her disappointment may be imagined •
when there sha was told that the nomadic
tailor had departed for Portland a month '
previous to her arrival.
Without evidencing any chagrin at her,
numerous failures, she continued her
weary travels to this city, where unfor
tunately another disappointment fell to
thf poor woman's lot.
Bird, the police discovered, had been •
working for a prominent tailoring firm I
here, but only a few days ago he threw up
his job without apparent cause, hieing
himself to parts unknown.
It is scarcely cre-libie that the un<ierly- :
ing motive for Mrs. Voxel's persistent
hunt for her husband can be to secure a
decree of divorce. That can be obtained
in the Northwest by acquiring a residence
of three months' f.me. Further, she
could have secured a decree of separation
in New York on the ground of desertion
long before this. There is a mystery about i
this persistent chase that does not appear i
upon the surface.
Testing a Snnta Cruz Ordinance.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept. s.— The at- !
tempted enforcement of a retailers' li- ■
crnse in this city has reached an acute I
stage. The principal merchants have com
binod to fight the collection of this tax, !
and to-day C. D. Hinkle, a prominent j
grocer, was arraiened before Judge Gard- i
ncr on a test suit. Senator Bart Burke ap
peared for the Merchants' Protective As- j
sociation and now a strong tight will be ;
made. Very bitter is the fee. in/ in Santa
Cruz, and it will cost the Council much
money before a :ecision is finally reached
Should the decision b<? favorable to ihe j
city an appeal on behalf of nearly 100
store-keei>ers will be carried to tne Su- I
preme Court.
Madera Stubbing Affriy.
MADERA, Cat-., Bept. s.— ln a stabbing j
affray here late la«t night Hugh Toomey |
was wounded by Robert Arthur. The fra- !
cas occurred in the saloon of Barney Me- i
Cluskey. Toomey was cut from the ear to !
the corner of the mouth, splitting the j
cheek open, and the knife also punctured
the jugular vein. It was some tim<« be- I
fore a doctor arrived, and the wounded i
man was weak from the loss of blood be
fore he received the proper care. The flow .
of blood from the throat was finally i
stopped aud the wounded man tak-n to
the hospital, where he h«s in a precarious i
condition. Arthur has been placed under j
arrest.
Hound Valley As*a*aii\'» Fate.
WEAVERVILLE, Cal., Sept. s.—Greg
ory, the third assassin of Round Valley to
be convicted, was to-day sentenced to a
thirty-year term of imprisonment in ban
Quentin.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. ! THE EMPORIUM.
The Great Store will be closed Admission Day, Wednesday, September 9, and there will be no Concert that evening.
SAN FRANCISCO, September 6, 1896.
Stupendous Chair and Rocker Sale
A Mammoth CHAIR and ROCKER Show— A Sale Extraordinary.
The whole of the fifth floor, rear — 16,500 square feet — the great room
formerly used as a cyclery, has been transformed for the time being
into a Salesroom for CHAIRS and ROCKERS exclusively. No Furni-
ture company here or elsewhere has ever shown such a vast number
or so many styles of CHAIRS and ROCKERS at one time. If you
have a CHAIR need, or ever expect to have one, don't miss this sale.
Prices in regular retail trade would average 50 per cent higher. The
CHAIRS and ROCKERS are from the best makers only. Below are
some of them.
0-,,,,, n 8 § A Sal a of Not a few pairs left from last
Mfeiw^-f vZ^&T/l tl II I/- si I m i - winter at the same old prices,
1 -ttttttttH TTF&7 I n* *M Blankets but thousands of BLANKETS
[If , / pTTT ■ Ut/VJH A nf i fmnfftrts and COMFORTS from the
JJflJlllJ . lj/f/[ hmmiiiri L__J best mills in the world the,
■ r R v Tniri hW liMlll n IJijjjHH I new stock just opened — at OUR PRICES. The
r^ JiY\ \t\\l ! mm iPH" fenBHW W^ EMPORIUM' new prices on the necessities of life
M^^LUl cgjggM^ x r _ | UTT^X P applied to the BLANKET and COMFORT stocks in
4 fc^^^^r 7^^~^~\ * lii^SS^n KM^-HS^ this- store.
' VH^^^l ST^Fb l^f^^^J NOTE— See the best "Blanket Show-window Display
\^?"-* —^"-^s co xi^J^ M 77 ever made in this — three full windows, Market-
No. 713-6— Large No. 570— Polished No. Ladies'. No. 700— Silk U> I Sweet front. ■_
Cane Seat Oak Oak or Imitation Silk Upholstered holsterea Large Arm ! ~ '
I Rocker $2.50 Mahogany Large Rocker — polished ' Rocker — polished ! 150 pairs Fine White Wool Blan- 1 Comfort Specials.
Cobbler Seated oak or mahogany — oak or mahogany ; kets, size 62x80 inches, good value I T
% — Rocker $3.45 this week's price !£ w usual V^^-.ior $3 . 5 ° a pair Our M 75. 115 dozen Comforts, covered with
53.40 NOW. $8.75 Price.... ._ vJ>^./vJ fi ' guredSilkoiineo!lb ' othsideStlarge}
4 i ft ■ • " • 7 r so pairs White All-Wool Blankets, fj^ *™ St?^^
f n l^mJi lf*S paS eS 'Ou^^!- h " OurPria ?..!? $2.15
fev^s^^i] \V^ ,^2^*. — i \\ TTT] Price g>s3»/3
ll~rimniii" \VnUlll' ~-~wa£?l Aw s|||L_^_ X s°. P a r s White Wool Blankets, 17 dozen Comforts covered with
IJII] - _^ ' , \\\\\\J p^sy^-~! I . . lUJHt^^^ strictly all pure wool, size 72x84 ' durable material in handsome pat-
' V'H 1*1" /- 1 \L4i\\ilJ r=^s •— s/^«v_. S 3^ Hi ijiil l inches this kind never sold for less terns and colorings, soft, warm and
1 1 illUllll! ■ :■"; VTwll 3 i "v\ nLS'jSt^nr st^^^<L than $6. 50 a pair. Our CX AA ; light as down— real value <r»^ c[/\
I --SllLi J^&X -C^^J KKiilH? PrJCe •• •— •• $5 ' 00 each. Our Price... $2.50
I frjn Z ' '~' r '~ f '~ . W^g^\\ 100 pairs of White Wool Blankets, • —
1 * ) *>*-^J> >^4'<^=i- |7«V ¥jl Wif"^ and colors, made of the finest Ohio i Comforts, covered with plain or
I » ,X& ' Pure scoured wool-intrinsic^ value ; fancy snk » oHne _ va|ue for *o <j c'
! No. 832 -Large No. ,96 -Cane No. 706-Silk Up- No. 8043-Large 55..J !..!....'.'......„.. 1 $6.50 54-25 each. Our Price... Z>3.*s
Cobbler Seated Seat Child's Rocker holstered Large Arm Tan Leather Seated ! . ■; — — ,„„ . -i-
Rocker — polished 95c Rocker — polished Arm Rocker -an- .5° pairs of Pure Wool White Blan- 1 . ■
oak or mahogany... : oak or mahogany— tique fmi5h....52.65 kets, very artistic Jacquard borders. I )$ dozen Laminated Cotton Down
...........$3.90 — : f 10.00 usual price— ■ •=■ i size 72x84 inches, well worth Comforts, covered with fancy French
■ — - — -•■••■ N0W.. ....... $6.85 . ! $12.00 a pair. Our tf»o 71; Sat:nes — made to sell for $5.00
! . ' ■ • ' Price .....: 3>0./3jeach. Our Price during j>^j^q
0 n j tliis sale «]K>.3U
N l^ » I 50 pairs of Magnificent White Wool i
i^T M^i , (IVss^tSVlJI Blankets, beautiful Jacquard borders, • ■■ ~~
I i&^^H^r • • -~->^ size 80x00 inches— the warp and fill- ' Eider-down Comforts, the largest
! nTimTnT n- \\\\H ing both wool of the highest grade— i assortment ever shown in a Califor-
\ tUllllll «. ■i«**-^V ' I! $ 2 ° a pair the actual *> 1M aa nia store, ranging in price from
J] lL V J;=r:^ K&^Jti ll' ValUC ' Our Price v^lt-.UU j $3.50 to $20.00.
'l~3i V™? Ill : r^N ViOTE— Apropos of BL.A^KETS and COM-
*i§llB^il^> \\\ i -v nil!! [U— ~!'\ forts, we beg to call your attention to the prices and
l^^ s:^^ ==^ 4HI oT^ T"" li^SSrof tU-v^^^ 'qualities of our immense stock of HEMMED and
Jls lil^f '^^WP : ' : W^^^ HEMSTITCHED SHEETS and PILLOWCASES.
C^vTl^^ l&^^^\ JsigS^'S'in' WiSSi Goods that. bear the EtMPORIUM guarantee as stand-
r^Tv^ (li!/^Jk jS^^j/J " \EI xCi ar d and warranted to give satisfaction.
' - No. 170-2 X.Y.- No. 1168-Imita- No. 522-Polished No. 5376-Ladies' : Autumn . rolor^Dress i Black Silk.
I Ladies' or Type- tion Mahogany Oak or Imitation Cane Seat Rocker— , DreSS Goods. Fabrics for Fall r,, , « — ~
writers' Rotarv Of- Large Arm Rocker Mahogany Largest brace arms $1.25 ! <«. .' e vrin^i J\th thf FMPO^ Black Brocaded Gros-Graln Silk— 22 "
fice Chair $2.95 -lelther seat.s2.2s Size Rocker, silk up- IftfS " A nd r Lht at the sefws inches wide-the new stylish de-
— . — h015t e red.......54.90 :. — o R S th^are^keXt^usual lg^srsE? S^S ß^ySS^S^ tt ■-
n n end-of-the-season prices or less. reta 1 Price $i.io a yard oj-
a n 0-^^J] j OUR PRICES are non-competitive. Our PrlLe IZl*
: fkr^l te^S \ri^n -. - nSV r/; nCeS O " c I d ,f kC the newest designs and scroll pat-
ik^^M V^^fA \\tfrtr FM ~J t ttL 1 2 °"T^ rkC °i Or the newest designs and scroll pat-
lSB %\ Hi i Ul . 1 ■ ? ffect f- tvvo tonrd-soc regu- 40 C te rns-cannot be duplicated f or less
' r^ 3^* lllliii * \\H \U : I • I I lar retail pnce-Ou^Pi ice "— "^^than $1.25 a yard-Our Q «
IC-^lP^r I ■ ftMWii|-B vM f\l : '■' ll_lllL I London Two-toned Checks —41 I Price '^z »OC
IT\\" I W I^-^v \\r\ T* t r f"^^ ! inches wide— rough Cheviot effect— Black Brocaded Gros-Grain Silk—??
% 1111111 h fuO \IMIIIL A .... ...jl ** checks rather large-among the sswshs&JsrsaS '
ISI <5 p^as^ i^§ wPl Green, Mane Louise Blue and Mode- : desiens— cannot be bought
mm i?P§ SsaMfc^c gfirawas
I Tk^yk^jpC! r\:^^^^ /^r ==z W^\i LA-- p _ m Checked Suitings, in heather ef- \ j
If gj^^^y f U''{~~ a^ f U I U. \\ V v . 1 ""' •lAJ ! fects— 52 inches wide— pure wool— B j 20th CentUfV The choicest of
[fesssMJ ***??. I I Hi-h ■■] \ f 90*-*- I ! new colorings— another 60c AQ r r . ' floor coverings
|£ - \\'*r+. 1^ .Ij i > ,i I fabric— Our Price ;..;... -'T^V j trflrpetS. from European
,i./'i _...-- y r> 1 _ • ,— • . ■• v and Domestic looms. Many of them
No. 354- Hand- No 233 - 5 -Lar g e No. 231-r-Wood No. cp 4 -2-Oak Boude Striped Cheviots — 40 inches EMPORIUM cvrln«;iv«» Hp«;icrn<: :
No. 354-Hand- No. 233-5-Large No. 231- i-Wood No.V 904-2-Oak wide-over-shot patterns on checked ™ ""« n Vc|f c SSS-foloi? fS ■
: some Platform Arm Chair-antique Seat Dining Chair- Cane Seat Chair- grounds-strictly all wool-made JJJ f* SEtoSJ P not tot o '■
Rocker, oak or .mi- finish ' $1.90 antique .....:.. r 65c brace arms $1 to retail at 60c a yard-Our 43 1 JJ^f J ar _f EMPORIUM New
tation mahogany— : p,: rf > 1 lar , Kec * A tne tmfUKium INew
» upholstered seat..... c j Scale of Carpet Prices.
r .........,.....,...53.75 _ _. .. ....— Tweed Mixtures-ro inches wide- j BigelowAxminsters-lineilandlaid-
* V : -_fl Si^S^'^i^-dmaril^"^ Our Price!i.:.?...f... y !'.: $1-45
I f('l Y\' \\ HI! I sold at $1 a yard— Our Price.. OzfC Hartford Axminsters, lined and laid—
-■ v V .; . v , '\m\ L Ov^^ B r o^^ n r^d^uTe o^pte^^S^^l^
! \1 11 f"'. ' \"J' Vlil'iliilil ITTff to be one ofthe most sought-for ■ •__!_..'■ ri:i^i«.*i,^
h f Uiit ■ mMBJIII fabrics for the and Winter shades of i Linoleum, Uiiclotns,
. coloring only— a splendid fabric for 1o ° p : /D ' q>L45
y • f \ t.-ii!or-made suits— ordinarily CQ r \ '*""
uffTU i sold at ?I a y ard ~ Our P"ce.. v^fC ; Hartford Axminsters. lined and laid—
\\ ' I Overshot Bourett^ 5 2 inches wide- | §8"^ »-*> a $|.25
\\jn'.^!l IL-geg . tufted stripes on tweed ground — sure !
f.,. 1 J \V^V"iilil 1 1 Ft I to be one of the most sought-for | ■ t^^i^^^ « n:i«i«.*i%^
TO N! \teilLiil' ' fabrics for Fall and Winter fw\ '< Linoleum, UISCIOtnS,
Ar^fe^=^^ H ||jb^ "■■ <^- -=£ j wear— Our Price........ g)i.w j Matting, Rugs.
I ■ /A_] U-^^rTf wWnrfTTfvlJ/% KT^^T^k •In 11 n j Bromley's Smyrna Rugs, 30x60
-; ANSI JEE-'SM mwrfrrnmym : m~=^==£ /^o==^4t Autumn Miracles in Silk Weaving . inches— always $3.00. Our jf|
/A-di I IfWmiMMw Ms i\Ji // F==Tf = «?•'« at miraculously low prices. Price &£.l\)
/s^ ; L__i^^===> <■ If THf i/Nf ==^y [ l\\ IKl\ « SIIKS » "T c Genius of the i c ... , M— 7 D .
/r\> p^"^^ %yL « NJL Jo * 0 /Nr ' fl \r\l Loom" has fairly caught the life and Smith Moquet Rugs, 27x60
v. - J/<7 I • "U ¥ U soul of tne rainbow and spun its pris- inches— $2.75. Our I A
?: - / • li <3 I matic colorings into a myriad of won- j " rlc c-— • — mj^.ivf
: U . . ,' v 9 I derrul designs. Exclusive patterns | ~~ — i — '
No. 319- Wood No. 1 --Happy No. 304-Child's No. 310-S-Babv's ! £p r f r pi" OUR FAMOUS LOW | Prescriptions p f pared by one
• ; Seat Kitchen Chair.. Baby" Cradle, hard- Nursery Chair...4sc High Chair, with j PRICES - _ \ _ 2 5C- 'SSgJjSSS
> 25c wnnA %t ch?if 7"ir Jt scnption Clerks
i ................ . : ...... c w00a.......... ...q>i 5neu........ /:>C New Fancy Figured Silk, 21 inches |in the West. We do not employ
* — - — —^-7— — -r ; — — . '".," ■ — — -r— — - wide— Armure or Chameleon effect j boys or unqualified men for this
c aex/rniiQ mi iTn-ccDrr-rs -r*. %i ■. ti> t\ '*. choice new designs— regular fie- ; work. The drugs we guarantee to
T- Ft/IMOUh BUTTb c The Newest Thing Out. i value— Our Price......./...... OOC :be the best, fresh, and under no cir-
PATTERNS here—The EMPO- * fano fnin Piircsp ii •■. UI ~^~ \ '•* -ir *: i I cumstances do we make substitu-;
f t RIUM has made permanent ar- v - ?"- ,*? 1 >v Monotone Warp .Printed Taffeta-22 1 tions . If some exceedingly expensive
i rn^Jktl^th ifotb.tlrSrT. a You haven't got; to keep the con- inches wide-also in the popular ingredient is ordered we charge you
v, rangementS imtll the Butterick ductor waiting five minutes for your : Chameleon wondertul designs cost no more '■
y Publishing Company, and a sec- carfare';' you t haven't got to take off \ and coloring— cannot be duplicated ' -:: * - —
/' tion on the first floor i& given over your gloves to get small coins out of for less than .1.50 a yard — oa. We want you to become better ac-
V to the best Paber Patterns manu far- your purse.. They come at any price Our Price.............^..: ' O^ quaihud wi h one of the best and by far
I toWcDesiraperranernsmanurac- . you may desire— 50c, 75c, 5 1. 00 and ...  — -^ , , .D 1 . the lowest-priced ' Drugstore in the city.
1 tured.. The stock is COMPLETE. up to $5.00. Ask for the Cano Coin Latest Novelties in Shaded and Plain | £ -— h <
* Butterick Catalogue and Fashion ) Purse. ;- : '. ' Striped Silk— 22 in hs wide— Jac- 1 On Mond^v every lady purchasing s oc
'• '■■■Sfoitc-inr jdiitiinit, PPPP™ - = : guard Figures and Moire effects— 20 I worth of golds m the Drug Section will
■ oozei* jut y uiumn mcc on ap- Books, Stationery and Leather Goods high-art novelty designs and <fc| f\(\ j be presented with a Curling-iron Heater
■plication.- y • 'Department first floor, rear. j shadings— Our price 0n1y... vPI'vFU I free.
56
THOUSANDS VISIT
THE STATE FAIR
A Large Increase in the
Attendance at the
Pavilion.
NEW FEATURES ADDED.
Butter and Cheese to Be Made
Scientifically in Sight of
Spectators.
MONSTEE EXHIBIT OF FETJIT.
Many Varieties Never Before Shown
Are Displayed— lsaac Banyakar's
Misfortune.
BACRAMEXTO, Cal., Sept. s.—Six. —Six
thousand people do not begin to tax the
capacity of the wide and lofty pavilion of
the big State Fair. They are swallowed
up in it almost as completely as drops of
water in a desert, though they are not so
completely lost to sight. The first big
crowd swarmed into the pavilion to-night,
and the attendance in tbe afternoon was
fair. The pass-gate, which up to date has
been the busiest, was to-night rivaled in
business by the pay-gates. The races at
the fair grounds have done better in the
way of attendance than the pavilion, but
from now on the latter will get its full
share of the patronage.
The pavilion was in its glory to-night.
The electric tower of the Sacramento
Electric, Gas and Railway Company was
in lull operation for the first time. It is
an obelisk of flashing, changing lights of
all colors, that would do credit to a Na
tional exposition. Tbe huge water wheel
of iron, erected by a local hardware com
pany, was studded with bulbs of lieht and
revolved by electricity. By way of con
trast, which shows the rarity of the ex
hibits in the pavilion, just below this
great, slowly-turning circle of light and
iron little chickens in an incubator pecked
their way out of their shells and perhaps
thought the biaze of electricity was their
first peep at the raornin? sun.
There is a businesslike odor of milk
and cheese around the State dairy exhibit,
which shows signs of getting into opera
tion some time next week, perhaps on
Monday or Tuesday. The people are curi
ous to see how butter and cheese are sci
entifically made. There is an eye to the
practical in the modern State Fair crowd.
It no longer comes to gap and to wonder;
it comes to inspect and examine and be
instructed. The sugar-beet exhibit is an
illustration of thi3 fact, as well as the
prospective butter and cheese foundry.
Tne beets attract wide attention, and
many questions are askert about their
suear-making properties. This new inter
est in sugar beets has been doubtless stim
ulated by the announcement of the large
capital that Claus Spreckels of San Fran
cisco is likely to invest in a beat-sugar fac
tory here.
The vegetable exhibit is now almost
complete. It occupies a sweeping curve
in the pavilion between a charming re
treat, designed and luxuriantly executed
by a local florist, and the stewed-fruit ex
hibit. A very fine display of red peppers
is making it hot for the other vegetables
in point of attractiveness.
J. D. .Lord, a Sacramento harness
maker, has a large display of handiwork
in that line. According to this lord of
leather gear the modern horse is not up to
date unless he has a patent-leather Sun
day and holiday harness.
The unexpected nas happened to Isaac
Banyakar, the San Francisco Egyptian
exhibitor. As they would say out at the
racetrack, he wasi brought up with a short
jerk by the directors to-day. Banyakar
expected to get a sort of Midway perform
ance with sword dancinc, etc.. off in one
corner of the gallery. He fitted up the
place quite luxuriantly with Turkish rugs
and curiosities from the catacombs of the
Nile, and had some nerce-iookir.g perform
ers at hand, arrayed in their picturesque
native costumes. He intended to charge
an admission fee, and it was here that tbe
unexpected happened and Banyakar reck
oned without his host. Tbe show was not
in Banyakar's contract.
The directors informed him that they
would do all the chargine for admission
in connection with the building, but gave
him permission to give a free show if he
wanted to. Banyakar made a few unin
telligible exclamations in the language of
the Pharaohs, pulled down the beautiful
curtains and the proposed show is a
wreefc. Some of nis performers were im
ported from Minneapolis.
The fancy and prize chickens have be
gun to arrive. Last night several hun
dred roosted in tie poultry department.
The juvenile department was opened to
night, and the small boys and girls are in
a condition of ecstatic Happiness. The
juvenile department consists of a gallery
all by itself, with row after row of peep
holes, behind which are all descriptions of
innocent and entertaining pictures. There
were too many youths for the peepholes,
and they stood in long rows awaiting
turns.
Next Monday night the rock-drilling
contest will begin. Miners will be com
p«titors and special prizes are offered.
The wine exhibit in the horticulture and
viticulture department is better than has
been shown at any preceding fair, say
those who are familiar with that depart
ment.
The vintage of nearly every leading
vineyard in this State, numbering over
fifty varities of wine, is shown, and the
grapes from which the wine is made are
displayed alongside.
The exhibit of the State Horticultural
Society is this year one of the most inter
esting and most instructive in the pavilion.
One of the features is th« row of growing
olive trees, the branches of which are cov
ered with the green fruit. Alongside in
jars are samples of the fully developed
fruit from these trees, together with bot
tles of oil, the product of the fruit shown.
Each exhibit is marked plainly by name.
This year numerous varieties of apples
and pears that were never placed on exhi
bition before are displayed. There 150
plates of pears, no two of which are alike,
are 250 plates of apples of which the same
can be said. These, with many other
kinds of fruit, are classified and carefully
labeled with their proper names. There
are a few varieties of tropical fruits, seven
different sorts of pomegranates and every
known variety of almonds, walnuts and
filbert?, not to mention the scores of other
kinds of California nuts.
Cassasa's band rendered an exception
ally fine programme to-iiieht, and the
thousands of auditors, including the many
ladies looking down on the scene from the
galleries, applauded enthusiasicaliy. A
trombone duet by Mr., ana Mrs. Tobin
was encored.
Neither the race-track nor the pavilion
will be open to-morrow. The next thine
on the programme is the speech at 10
o'clock Monday morning of Judge James
G. Maguire on "Free Coinage of Silver and
its Relation to Labor," which:opens the in
tellectual feast feature of the fair.
A TALE OF TWO BILLS.
Being a I,uc\d Discussion of. Political
lisuea of the Hay. ■
SACRAMENTO, Cai*, Sept. 4. —An
animated political discussion between
the fruit and the vegetables was over
heard in the horticultural department
this morning. It was awakened by a
small boy passing • along and hitting the
prize pumpkin a sounding rap over the
head with a campaign cane with a Bryan
head on it. This was observed by the
prune, which bopped around on its plate
with glee and shouted for McKinley and
the yellow metal.
"Are you for McKinley?" inquired the
prune of the pumpkin.
"He's yellow enough to be for gold, but
he's not so green." replied tne big silvery
squash with the long curved beak.
"Say, how's Watson?" asked a plum
from Santa Clara county.
"He's like Bryan— not in it," said the
sweet peach from Sacramento, blushing at
her own temerity in entering a political
discussion. '
"Hurrah for woman's suffrage," shouted
the prunes and the apples and the yellow
pears, and the big sauash with the curved
beak and the great pumpkin, clapping
f heir hands. The grapes and the hops
rowned and turned their faces away.
The sweet peach puckered her red lips
at the grapes and the hops, but bowed and
smiled at her ■ cousins the prunes, the
apples and the plums, and at the great
vegetables, irrespective of party. And
then she cast a shy glance at the hand
some jellyglas3 with the long, graceful
stem, and continued to demurely regard
the discussion. tM'~-\t M'~-\ -■
"Let the pumpkin answer for himself,"
said the prune, ignoring the silver squash
with the long beak.
The pumpkin looked haughty and die
nified. He paused a moment, swelled up
a few inches more like Secretary Smith.
"I'm no rutabaga," he replied, in a deep
bass voice. "I live on top of the ground,
where I can see and hear and learn. If I
can get $16 for $1 I guess I want it, don't
I? The grown-on-the-top-of-the-ground
people will have hard money to throw at
the "crows instead of lying helpiess in the
fields and having our eyes picked out."
"Yes, and you'll eat crow, too, after
next November," said the prune, whereat
the dried fruit raised a loud laugh, seem
ing to think this retort very funny. The
almonds and the other nuts raised an ap
proving clatter on their porcelain plates,
while, taking advantage of the noise to
escape observation, the sweet peach and
the long-stemmed glass of jeliy exchanged
glances again.
"You don't know as much as the silver
squash there with the boathook nose,"
continued the prune, when he could make
himself heard above the noixe. "You are
about as shallow as 'the boy orator of the
Pl3tte,' which river, I have heard it said,
is about 2000 miles long and about two
inches deep. It oovers a deal of ter
ritory, but if you are looting for depth it
is not there."
Long and enthusiastic applause followed
from the entire auJience of dried and
fresh fruit. Only the vegetables were
quiet.
"I'll bet 16 to 1 that you can't tell why
you are for McKinley," retorted the'great
pumpkin, considerably nettled.
"I'll tell you why I am for a high tariff
and a sound doiiar in about two seconds,"
said the prune.
"Hear, hear," shouted the plums,
peaches and pears, fresh and dried.
"Under the McKinley tariff my master
sold me in the markets of tbe world for 16
to 20 cents a pound. Under the Demo
cratic free trade-Mills-bill tariff all they
sold me for was 50 per cent less, or from 4
to 10 cents a pound. There is nothing in
prunes any more except the ability to
realize the pernicious effects of a low tariff
which the pumpkins and the squashes of
this country have forced on the people of
California ana the Nation.
"How would you like to have the pump
kins and the squashes of Italy come over
here and compete with you in your own
field ? That's what Italian prunes are
doing, and roy friend C. O. Wine (claret
and other) says it is the same trouble in
his case. That's why lam for Bill Mc-
Kinley, the McKinley Bill and the sound
dollar."
The pumpkin and the squash turned
away. Reflectively they gazed at the pass
ing throng.
BAKERSFIELD TRAGEDY
Joseph Chenotcith Ji.Ws Himself in Sight
of Scores of People.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Sept! s.— Joseph
H. Chenowith, 21 years old, committed
suicide on the principal business corner of
Bakersfield in the full sight of scores of
people to-day. The spectacular act was
the result of an unsuccessful love affair,
which led him .to strong drink. He had
been drunk for a day or two, and from let
ters written yesterday, which he left ad
dressed to an uncle who resides here, it
has been ascertained that it was then his
intention to kill the girl.
Between the time of the writing of the
letters and his death he was not known to
have visited the vicinity of her home, so it
is probable that he abandoned the idea of
murder entirely.
The weapon Chenowith used was a 44
-caliber six-shooter, and the bullet tore
away a large part of the skulL He was a
native of Illinois, his parents now living
in Kansas. A sister younger, than him
self, lives in Bakersfield.
One of the letiers Chenowith wrote closed
with these words: "Boys, you see what
the result is of being tough."
WALL FALLS AT A FIRE.
Four Men Killed Outright, Fire Fatally
Injured and Twenty Others More
or Less Hurt.
BENTON HARBOR, Mich., Sept. 6.—
Yore's Opera-house burned at 1 o'clock
this (Sunday) morning. The rear wall
fell, killing Frank Watson of St. Joseph,
Thomas Kidd, Frank Wood ley and John
Hoffman of the Beuton Harbor depart
ment.
The injured who will die are: Frank
Seaver, Ed Gance, Robert Rolfe of St.
Joseph, Louis Hoffman, Wiil McCormick
of Ben ton Harbor.
It is feared there are several yet under
the wall. About twenty more are slightly
injured. Physicians and the fire depart
ment of St. Joseph are here. The pe
cuniary loss is $50,000.
Tiro Nrw Records in Athletic*.
PITHLOCHRY, Scotland, Sept, s.— ln
the contests held here to-day for the Cale
donian athletic championship between
Gideon Perrie, American athlete, and the
Scotchman, G. H. Johnstone, the former
won, defeating Johnstone in four out of
seven events. Two new records were estab
lished, Johnstone throwing the 20-pound
hammer 92 feet 2 inches, and Perrie put
ting the 20-pound stone 37 feet 5 inches.
Sherman Height* Burning.
CHATTANOOGA, Tknn., Sept. s.— The
main business portion of Sherman
Heights, a small town six miles east of
this c:ty, is burning at this hour (mid
night) and is doomed to destruction. The
town has no fire-tightine facilities Losses
and insurance not obtainable.
Albert it hit r head Found.
(JORK, Ibelakd, Sept. s.— Albert White
head, who was recently released from
Portland prison with his mind shattered,
and who escaped from the home of his
relatives at tikibbereen has been found in
this city.
»««» Harton Returning.
LIVERPOOL, Enq., Sept 7.— Miss Clara
Barton, president ot the American Red
Cross Society, and her party of aids sailed
for New York on board the Ounard line
steamer Umbria to-day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
BANNERS SHADE
STOCKTON WALKS
Native Sons Complete the
Decorating of the
Streets.
QUEEN OF THE PARADE
Miss Delia Kerrick Chosen to
Impersonate the Goddess
California.
SONCRANS COMING ON MULES
Begin the Burro Ride From the Moun
tain Town to the City of
Railroads.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. s.— The Native
Sons' committee that has charge of the
Admission day celebration met to-night
and decided to send a committee to San
Francisco to meet the Native Sons who
will leave the metropolis on the night of
the Bth and escort them to Stockton. This
committee has not yet been appointed,
but to-morrow another meeting will be
held, when its members will be named.
The great arch on the plaza received the
finishing touches to-day. It is now cov
ered with evergreens brought from the
mountains, which fill the rocky sides and
make it look like a scene in the Sierra. At
tne base is a miniature forest of evergreens
and the effect is decidedly pleasing.
The work of placing rows of streamers
across the streets was finished 10-day.
The electric lights were turned on again
to-night and thousands of people turned
out to view the beautiful scene. The
streets were crowded with Stockton's own
people and where all those who come on
the 9th can be placed is hard to say.
At to-night's meeting the question of
stationing tanks, containing ice water, on
the streets was again consiaered and it
was decided to place these at intervals
along the principal thoroughfares, to ac
commodate those in the line of march and
the thousands of visitors who will be here.
Several of the floats for the water carni
val and for the day parade have been
completed. On the most extensive Coat
in the day parade a beautiful Native
Daughter in the person of Miss Delia Ker
rick will impersonate California. She is a
beautiful brunette, with handsome face
and charming figure, und will till the part
fittingly.
Nearly all the floats wiil be ready for in
spection by Monday, when the decorators
hope to have them all completed. The
parade on the 9th wiil not be delayed a
minute, as Grand Marshal Nutter hag
beeii very careful in the arrangements of
every detail of the procession.
The Sonora Parlor members started to
night on their burro ride to this city.
There are a number of them in this city
already, out the contingent that is to
come muleback will not reach here be
fore Monday evening, when all will go
into camp.
FURGER AND BURGLAR.
Patricio 2'eralta Oett Jnto the Law's
Clutches al Stockton.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. s.— Patricio
Peralta was arrested this evening by Con
sUbie James Carroll and booked at the
County Jail on charges of forgery and
burglary. He went to the Turn Verein
saloon, kept by Simon <fe Buscu, and
offered a check for $50, purporting to have
been signed by Frank Lane, the well
known grain merchant, and drawn on the
Farmers' ana Merchants' Bank. On this
he secured a loan of $10 and departed. He
then went to the saloon of Joe Ruiz, in
the tenderloin district, and there received
another loan on another check for $50, to
which Frank Lane's name was forced. On
one check he was known as John Smith
land ; the other was made payable to John
Peralta.
From the description given Constable
Carroll knew who the niun wanted was
and set about to find him. In the mean
time it was learned that an ark on Me-
Leod's Lake had been looted at the noon
hour, and that a gold watch was taken
from it. Peralta was seen to go into the
place at the time, and so when he was ar
rested by Constable Carroll at 10 o'clock
to-nieht an additional charge of burglary
was placed against him.
The prisoner is well educated and is
«aid to be an adopted son of the Peralta of
land-grant fame in Alameaa County.
Those who claim to know say that a large
sum has been spent on his education and
in keeping him out of mischief, but with
no avail.
DEFINED THE
REAL ISSUE
OontiMted from JTint fctge.
But the value or an opinion Is not to be
measured by the sincerity of its possessor. In
some mental constitutions it is the perilous
impulse to recklessness of political action, as
in religion it has bred fanaticism, cruelty and
crime.
Let Mr. Bryan's personality be what it may,
his career has established for him no substan
tial claim to the highest office in the gift of
the American people. Ido not think th«t any
man of good and non-partisan judgment can
approve his Chicago speech which procured
his nomination. It was a condensation of his
stump speeches in Nebraska, his free trade and
silver orations in the House of Representa
tives, and there for the hundredth time he ex
hibited his crown of thorns and recited his
Btory of the crucifixion of labor upon a cross of
gold, which he carries with htm wherever he
goes. Its iteration Is more than wearisome
The cross has begun to drop to pieces and the
bloody crown ol thorns looks like a last year's
Christmas wreath.
We behold— for the first time, thank God!—
such a spectacle as the Chicago nominee pre
sents to the world, wandering from town to
city, hoarsely haranguing with vicious
speeches the crowds that assemble to look at
him with the same curiosity with which they
run to watch the bespangled circus performer
and the trained monkey that follow the music
of the band-wagon. And while the Demo
cratic candidate is making this disgraceful
pilgrimage from East to West William McKin
ley remains in quiet dignity at his home
Honent labor, skilled an<i unskilled, comes to
him daily In increasing numbers with pledges
of loyalty to the cause he represents, and bears
away with it words of encouragement, hope
and practical wisdom. His attitude is that of
a statesman calmly but confidently awaiting
the decision of his countrymen ou the su
preme issues of the hour. His stature is that
of a true patriot. The other is the incarnation
of a small but restless office-seeker.
SAFER FOR NATIONAL HONOR.
I ask, Is not the declaration of the St. Louis
platform the safer for National action— for Na
tional honor? Should not the majority of the
American people declare to the great nations
with whom it has vast commercial and finan
cial relations, to whom it is indebted ior the
billions of money with which its great railway
systems have beeci constructed and extended
and its great enterprises sustained— debt*
which have yet to be paid— that the victorious
Republican party is unreservedly for sound
money— ior 00 dollar of payment or purchase
that ie not as good as gold all over the world ;
that it is unalterably opposed to every measure
calculated to debase the currency ot the Uulon
or impair its credit? That we are opposed to
the free and unlimited coinage of silver at the
ratio of Hi to 1, except by international agree
ment with the leading commercial nations of
the world, which we pledge ourselves to pro
mote; that all our silver and paper money
shall be kept, as they are now, at parity with
gold, and that we will maintain inviolate the
obligations of the United States, and issue
and deal in all our money according to the
standard ot the most ealighteued nations of
the earth?
Is this declaration not wiser than to say tbat
the United States will undertake the tree and
unlimited coinage of silver at the ratio of 16
to 1 without waiting for the aid or consent of
any other nation— demand that the standard
silver dollar, which without tne guaranty of
the United States is worth to-day but half of a
gold dollar, at home or abroad, shall be by law
declared to be full legal tender equally with
the gold dollar for all debts, public and
private, and by the same force of law forbid
any public or private contract which shall to
any extent demonetiae silver coin by giving
a preference to gold coin f
LOSS OF FINANCIAL HONOR.
The enormous financial losses of the indi
vidual which the Republican party believe«
will result from indorsement by the people of
theSi'ror Democrats and Populists are of small
sign ltance in comparison with the National
hoiiu., which will vanish with them. The
chances of honest commerce may make a
merchant ten times a bankrupt, yet he may as
often resume business and retain the con
fidence of the community in which he lives.
But never was the merchant again trusted
who, when able to meetlthem deliberately, put
himself in position to avoid satisfying i.is
honest creditors. The rigor ol winter may kill
the flowers of the garden and wither the
grasses upon the hills and each will blossom
and grow again when springtime comes.
I (Conflagration may devastate or the whirl
wind prostrate a commercial city, and it will
rise from iu> ruins in new magnificence; but
lost National credit, deliberately abandoned,
will never be found agalu. .Repudiation, re
treat irom the exact fulnllment of solemn un
dertakings, expressed or implied, the creation
of a legal temptation to individual di-honesiy
will stain with indelible dishonor the National
ensign. The damned spot will never out. The
shameful record will never be expunged from
the pages of history.
If we had pourea upon us the world's present
accumulation of silver bullion which is not In
actual use as money, auiouniiug to, say
$2,000,000,000. what could we do with it? The
cuiuing capacity of the United States mints
is s-aid" to be ij&O.OOO.OOO per year. Tue gold
coinage is about £20,000,000. The United
States mints could then turn out to the owners
of silver forty millions of silver doi.ars per
year. What would be the effect upon the mar
ket price of silver of depositing a considerable
part of this vast amount of the world's accumu
lated silver, and that which will be produced
in our own country, to say nothing of Mexico,
under the stimulus of the free and unlimited
coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1, with
out any limit upon the manufacture of dollars
but the capacity of the United Stales mints to
melt and shape and stamp silver for its owners?
Could such coinage of silver do.lars and
such accumulation of silver bullion waiting to
be coiued iv th« United States mints alone
double the value of the world's stock of silver?
Could the mere force of a statute lift it at a
bound from 08 cents to $1 29 Der ounce? The
silver Uemocrat says yes. The Populists say
yes. Mr. Bryan says yes. The Republican
party says no. Major McKinley says no. And
pretty nearly the entire financial world says
no.
If our ships of war, equipped with all the
powers of destruction himerto known to man,
migtit saiely challenge to combat the navies of
allied civilization, and their swift keels could
whiten in peace or incaruadine in war the
tides thut rise and sink on every chore of every
ocean; if they might furl their sails or bank
their fires in every port which the commerce!
of the world makes populous and rich; if our
coasts frowned with fortiiications and brist.ed
with huge artillery fro:a Maine to Texas and
from Alaska to the bay of San Diego — yet our
Republic, even thus protecu-d, would be de
fenseless and without hope of perpetuity un
less by wise and conservative legislation it
maintained private commercial credit unim
paired and public financial honor uiiasaailed
uud unassailable.
THE PAST AS A PEOPHET.
So far as the Democracy is concerned the
best of prophets of its future is its past, and if
labor is again lured by the present false
hopes which it holds out labor will once more
mi3x labor's way und go headlong into the
ditch of want and anxiety. Who does not now
know that if Mr. Cleveland had been defeated
In IBU2 the country would have continued to
be as it has been under every Republican ad
ministration and all Republican policy prosper
ous and happy? Jf Mr. Cleveland hau not been
elected in 1892 the wage-earners would not
have lost in two years, commencing March 4,
1893, $-1,250,000,000. The savings banks
would not have ceased increasing their de
posits and would have reported gain.- instead
of losses. The decline in the value of American
railway shares would not have shown a loss
of $1,000,000,000. The shrinkage in railway
bonds would not have amounted to one-quarter
of their nominal value. Nor would the addi
tions to the National wealth, which one year
before amounted to $1,250,000,000, have
ceased and been persistently followed by a
large actual decrease in the value of al! prop
erty, real and personal, while at the same time
the" public de bt has been swollen to the sum of
$1,222,000,000.
Such an increase of public debt as has oc
curred within the last two years is without a
parallel in the history of the United States,
except, I may say, in the administration of
that old Democrat, James Buchanan, from
1857 to 1901.
The financial disturbances arising from
threatened disunion, the lissof credit which
followed the election of James Buchanan in
1856, and the enormous failure of revenue
under the external tariff act of 1848, made
such increase in tne public debt that in 18t>0
the United states owed $65,000,000, and in
1861 $91,000,000. All public securities of
the United t-intcs were at a discount, even
though offered to the financial world at rates
of interest anyvvnere from 6 to 10 per cent per
annum.
Then came the War of the Rebellion, insti
gated andlforced on the Nation by the Democ
racy of the South and their allies of the North
— men who then advocated free trade and de
fended African shivery, and whose political
heirs and successors are now shouting for free
silver and saying little of tariff for revenue
Only — a war which left the United States in
August, lSo'i>, with a public debt of $2,845.
-000.000.
Yet this colossal burden was borne by suc
cessive Republican administrations, was
funded and refunded at constantly decreasing
rates of interest and paid off in Install incuts
until it was reduced to about $900,000,000,
and the securities of the United Mates com
manded the highest prices iv the markets of
the world. But new, including Mr. Cleveland's
borrowings, the public debt has reached," in
time of profound peace, the enormous sum of
$1,222,000,000, equal to the sum of $100 for
each family of five persons in the United
States; and there would have been added to
our National debt during the present summer
another $100,000,000, with another addition
of $4,000,000 or $5,000,000 of yearly interest,
in order to counteract the effects of the con
tinued exports of gold and tne reduction of the
reserve in the treasury below $100,000,000,
save that to avoid such an impending catas
trophe the New York bankers ngree>l to pass
around the hat and raise $20,000,000 in gold
for the use of the Government, taking legal
tenders for it and holding them till the Gov
ernment should be ready to take them up.
BRYAN'B PEOMIBES NOT JUSTIFIED.
General Barnes spoke of the promises made
by Mr. Bryan as not justified by any facts. He
also spoke entertainingly concerning the
agency ol labor-saving machinery upon the
condition of laboring men and said that labor
paving maehiucs have taken the bread out of
the mouth* of millions of men, women and
children in this country. It has been said up
on sood authority tnat the lubor-saving
machinery now employed in various depart
ineii s in the manufacturing centers of Eng
land represents the work of 500.000.000
million pairs of human hands and probably
the name sort of labor-saving machinery in the
United States represents an approximately
equal number.
Will the proposed remonetization of silver
bring relief to those who suffer from this «reat
cause 01 e tit orced idleness und poverty?
The speaker reviewed the financial history
of several nations and said: "I cannot under
stand how it can be claimed, as it is by the
friends of silver, that the establishment of the
double standard at the ratio of 16 to 1 will be
a second declaration of independence against
England only. It will be rather a declaration
of financial war against the entire civilized
world. But suppose that the free silver propo
sniou sweeps the country in 1896 as free trade
did in 1892. Suppose Mr. Bryan with his iree
trade and free-silver notions is elected Presi
dent of the United SUtes with a Senate and
House of Representatives ready and willing to
accomplish whatever he shall by message sug
gest, snail give us astill lower tariff for revenue
only than we are suffering under now, and
supply deficiencies In revenue by direct, taxa
tion, and after the pioper legislation the minu
of the United States are enlarged or multiplied
and set to work to manufacture silver dollars
in unlimited quantity for the benefit 01 the
owners of such silver to be used for the pay
ment of debts, pubiic and private. What will
be the effect of silver monometallism on ths
domestic and foreign commerce of the people
of the United States?
If history presents an exnmple favoring the
financial policy proposed by the silver Demo
crats and Populists 11 has not yet been indi
cated by them, nor do I believe one can be
k v Jt f" a delusion whicu, if it
Khali so influence ihe majority of our people
as to continue the present tariff policy ttf the
democratic party, and to that add tnat of free
silver, we shall have, and the Democrats and
1 ■■pulisu will give v«, four more years of ret
i rogrewiou, diaturbauce, instaDiUty and want
• NEW TO-DAT-DRY GOODS. _ _ • r.^-^-^w^^-. ->~ -, -.^-.il!^.-
EftQ<<><KKKKM>O<XH^
OUR I
FALLrULLINERYI
X The most charming styles of Fall Millinery ever seen in San Francisco have just been If
! i% « opened at "The Maze." Mrs. Martin (our trimmer) has returned from New York fully, posted A
•A as to the new styles and ideas that will be the fashion, and equipped in every respect to cater A
X to the tastes of all. We will make special efforts to produce the latest and most stylish at X
A moderate prices. Our workroom is now in full blast, creating and copying from IMPORTED q
p MODELS selected from the leading millinery establishments of the metropolis. Due notice 6
6 will be given of OUR FORMAL OPENING. Meanwhile we are in a position to trim anything O
V desired in the latest style, and would be pleased to have you call and place your orders early. V
0 Special Efforts Will Be Made for the Jewish Holidays. Q
g A Pair of Kid Glove Specials. ?
V F\ ■■■ mm mm Ladies' 4- Button Dressed Kid m «8» api Ladies' 2-clasp Walking Glove, V
V II 1 #1% ft Gloves— silk embroidered A B if I* A elegant heavy weight, with over- Q
A II E I H backs— shades of «mI H 9 A 1! I am stitch ,to match shade of A
9 HI IUU chestnut and chocouteso popular' Hi OUb «sa» T Awss«s-w 9
O for street wear. Value $1.25. w w to 7}^. Regular value $1.50. Q
$ New Silks. Linen Bargains. White Goods, x
JL No woman should buy a yard of At 10c. At sc. /C
/H silk before having seen this lot. Tbe Bleached riuck Towels, 40 inches long, Pretty Checked • Nainsook in 9
V B"e?Suth^beiTefit inches wide, extra heavy quality. various patterns, just the fabric 6
A 6 - '- . • . . for children's dresses or ladies' A
V At 39c. At 35c Dozen. aprons, well worth 12j£c. V
0 Two-toned Figured Novelty Silks, , German Linen Check Doylies, value A _ , Q
A in brilliant colorings and new de- at 45c. At /XC. T
V . aigns. Never before lower than .. .. v ... White India Linen, extra fine V
0 '.'-■••"■': Me- . At *k*£C Yard. quality, our regular 12}£c goods. A
T Barnsley Loom Damask, 60 inches ; — — V-
P At SOC wide and extra heavy quality, worth At 52>iC Each. ■JL
A Colored Silks, figured and striped, 65c. ( 90-inch Square Hemstitched V
1 lißht medium and dark shades, D Sheets, fine quality cloth, lauu- A
6 all silk, cheap at 7oc. At * 1.-25 Dozen. dered and ready for use; 'down- I
Aa* K n 3-4 Bleached Napkins new patterns town price 67*0 each. UVY »" . A
Q At 6Oc. and worth at least $1 75 a dozen. . town price 67^c each. p
I - Black Ground Peau de Soie, with y ; " ■' -"y-:.^-" I Q
(S satin stripes, in brilliant shades , ». JL
T of emerald, corn, cardinal, helio- ]\j£fcvir planttaif I •— • '!'■■• -C? • 1■ J V
6 trope, magenta, etc, actually I>CW rMdlinclS. Lining* SneClfll A
1 worth $1. At 16^f> * wiiiuift 4/pwviai. V
J\ At 65c. Handsome Styles in New German Ei- m X," ... T . . \^ T
9- All Black Figured Gros-Grain, derd^wn Flannels, worth 20c. . £5» ? ' '"^ 9
O extra heavy and all silk, formerly A . o _ ..?-.•> — : V: A
X 85c «3UC. a 4. 7i/ c ; ■•- . . V
0 ' All-Wool Fancy Flannels for Wrap- «££)£ In .„„„,„« 1- , O
AAt 75c. . -pew. Sacques, etc.; downtown 60c Sb.JShtSaS "* S ° W els * A
V All Black Figured Gros-Grain, quality. _ where at 12)^ . ' 9.
(J Gros de Londres and Satin a* v,/« .-":' At 1Or» O
A Duchesse, in large, medium and At '^ c -, ; , _• , " ■ ' -L\. , x S'V r^J\ A'
V small designs. Don't pay $1 for - A Manufacturer's Samples of Tennis Fiber Interlining, 64 Inches wide, Q
A these qualities elsewuere. Flannels, worth 10c to 12^c a yard, in in natural or gray color, the 20c A :
tt . . 2to 10 yard lengths for 7^c a yard. quality. ( . \J
AAt Colored Figured Gros de Londres __ s* ■. \ ' .. ni/ t- ' ; Vi \* * ' Q
A Colored Figured Gros de Londres __. _ -d, , T • ™ A
V in caameleon effects, wortu $1. Ne\V CottO^. : SSSh Mfcc?" ;ElMtlo CattTa V X
f\ . I^CW - worth 16% c. J\
6At 22-i"nch Figured Peau de Sole, in At 71x0 * ft  T , « '_ -" '■ .• -'' 5 -" ■ •■ A
0 22-incu Figured for street wear, At Dmi.ties, Organdies, Lawns, etc., new W pw Flrsin^«*iiac O
X medium colors, for street wear, Diniities, Organdies, Lawns etc. new JVfkVl/ I^l*s) nAff^C V
Q worth si 50 in color and design, worth from 10c to IICW UrdpCricbi O
X ' ' a yard. «*,r. ■ ' - X
TAt $1 00. a+ Q ' At 15c. ' V
O Ail' black Figured and Brocaded At C# .„. ._ .. . Li Scotch Madras, Swiss Drapery, A
X Silks and Satins,- rich, lustrous, French Figured Satine, in light or with colored . dots and otters, V*
O arable, full width, never before dark grounds, with lovely designs, . from 36 to 45 inches wide, worth O
A offered at less than $1 60. worth loc a yard. from 25c to 50c ' for 15c ft yard, X
A NOT TO BE~m"iSSED. At sc. ou / At 35c. . ... :~ S^SSLfd
X About 100 dozen .Ladies' Swiss Dark Colored Shirred • Creponne, one Hand-made 1 Opaque Window V,
9 Handkerchiefs, assorted, in the of this season s beauties, regular value Shades, lringed or plain, slightly 9'
A daintiest Irish point and most "/a c a yard* soiled, regular 75c each. A
V elaborate guipure work. They • ■■■ _ . '-'• - t •' V
Q fere a SPECIAL bought to sell at p-* D At $2.00. A
T a bargain for 25c each, but for a £^01" 130 VS. Snownake Down Comforters, X
\f leader we intend to clear them off J *"* with extra quality siikaline cor- P
A at 15c Each Heavy Ribbed Cotton Shirts or Draw- ers, beautiful patterns on both A
V •. Look at a few displayed in our ers, camei's-hair color, regular 50c sides, wool tufted and ruined all y
P millinery window. ." i, .':- value. Special at 25c each. round, worth $2 75. -. .• . A
I Extraordinary hose selling %
A *3 PAIRS This offering consists of Plain Cot- At 2Oc. S?
V rnuw ton, in Tans, Browns and Grays; Ladies' Black, Plain and Cluster 9
O FOR 50C Black Grounds, with Fancy Horizon- Ribbed Hose, high-spliced heels, dou- A
X wamm mmmmmmmmmmw. **' Colored Stripes ; Bluette Ground, ble sole and toe, full London lengths X
Q ~~ mmmm - with Fancy Printed French Designs, and -warranted Hermsdorf fast dye, P
A JrSOO Real Lisle ; Plain and Ribbed Combi- L>Oc air < * 2 25 box 01 12 paira. A
X —.JrXTmvT nation Black Boot, with Colored Up- At 450 A
9 DOZxLiIV pers ; Black Ground, with Polka Dots, -,7^,,' *» r^,,.™.,,,, w _ V
0 ON ? nd «£"• §AH Fu.l-finished ' Genul B?un d °Sil L H d 08 e c £*%L*S£ t *?£ <>
V" «c= A T TT« me, Guaranteed Hermsdorf Fast Dye. Ien K th and finish, double heel and toe, V
i% a3»-CTi I 1 ri« Not a pair worth less than 25c. v worth 75c, at 45c. • JfL
X- ■ ■ SsSVOhSsS-- : i  '. if
X *" rfyOP&&shiftQJXA^r X
X MARKET AND TAYLOR STS. X
- - --
of that confidence without which there can be
neither progress, peace nor stability.
THIS COUNTRY NEEDS PROTECTION.
What this country needs is a return to the
tariff conditions of 1892, which furnished
abundant occupa: ion lor all skilled and un
skilled labor; which made the shops busy;
which kept the furnace fires blazing; fewer
importations and more domestic products;
which made the manufacturer and mechanic
buy the products of the- farmer and the wool
grower, and enabled the latter to buy from the
manufacturer and mechanic what they pro
duced at remunerative prices.
The Democratic tariff policy of Mr. Cleve
land or the absolute free trade of Mr. Bryan
and his Populistic associates will give us
neither of these. It always will, as lt always
has done, restrict domestic production and
keep every foreign spindie busy that can
manufacture woolen goods, while it stills our
own. It has always kept and always will keep
foreign furnaces smokiug by day and blazing
by night. It always has and it always will
compel to idleness and poverty millions of
American adults. It always has and it always
will close the skilled trades to the young people
of this country. It always has trained and it
always will train million's of young American
men in the dreadful school of laziness. It
always has and it always will degrade millions
of young American women. Its cruelties have
penetrated and tortured every home In city
aii'l in country. It is stimulating everywhere
distrust and fear.
The theories of free trade and tariff for
revenue only will have hud their last hour of
existence in the life of the United States with
the election oi Major McKinley. We shall
win again the prize of national and individual
hie, which we nave lost, unless at this hour of
rehabil nation the policy of free silver shall
lead away those who will suffer from lis bur
dens from their plain duty and real interests.
WORDS OF SARCASM.
A word concerning tne equal distribu
tion of sliver dollars promised to tbe people
by Mr. Bryan and his associates, and I have
done. They propose to renew, in some way,
the miracle of the angel food which, on the
parched deserts of Arabia, fed the children of
Israel for forty years after their first encamp
ment in the wilderness of pin. and gave to
hungry millions their dally supply of nourish
ing »nd digestible food. To those who will
consent to support him. and the silver heresy
he pledges the bread of the mighty and the
diet of the bond-holder and the gold bug. The
process of distribution is conceaied from
human knowledge, but tbe resuit tbeyaay, Is.
sure. '1 here will be more money coined and
H limit, and each inhabitant of the United
States, taxed and un taxed, will get more and
nearer his share. Will he get it without work
ing for it? Will it be given to him without his
giving something for it, as he mu*t give to
day? In what way will this miraculous dis
tribution occur?
1 am not aware that either the employed or
the unemployed toilers of this Union — its
millions of mechanics and laborers in city
and country, on streets and in the field
sitting around cold firesides with hungry,
hali-clad children at their feet, with uu
checked disease at the door and famine knock
ing at the window, are hugging to their
bosoms great useless bars of silver bullion
witii which they can pay the landlord and the
butcher and the baker it' the United States
will only consent to coin them Into silver
dollars. Have these people any accumulated
silver bullion waiting to be freely and illimit
ablv coined? Have they mines, developed or
undeveloped, of this precious metal? Who
hasH? It Is in the hands of the producers of
silver, In the hands of brokers for its pro
vducers, in the control of speculators of sliver
bullion, who have bought it at steadily lower
ing prices, year by year, and who are waiting
for a rise in it, or who are waiting until the
beneficent silver Democracy, whicn is their
agent, shall throw open the doors of the United
States mints to Its free coinage at the ratio of
16 to 1 and return it to them with an added
profit of 100 per cent. And the people who
labor will get the silver dollars whenever, and
not before, they are willing to do a whole day's
work for half a day's pay.
I have before me a silver dollar of 412U
graius troy, coined and issued by the United
States of America in the year 1895. Upon Its
obverse is the majestic face of the uoddess of
Liberty, with her crown of wheat sheaves and
the diadem which bears her name. Above her
is the glorious motto of the United States and
beneath her are the emblematic stars of the
thirteen States that assisted at her birth.
Upon its reverse m the American eagle, with
broad wings extended, plumed for flight and
challenging with undazzled eye the molten
fury of the midday sun; while arched between
its pinions, like a bow of promise, is the cry
of the Nation to the Nation's God that in him
we trust. Puch is th« dollar of tire United
States— an honest dollar, an honored dollar, a
truthful dol.ar wuerevei humanity gathers or
holds or extends its commerce, lt is the dollar
which our fathers devised— the dollar which
we, their descendants, defend.
But if by the law of the Silver Democracy it
shall be altered to a dishonest and lying nine
teenth century token, irredeemable even at Its
actual value by the Government that molded
it for its original owner, without credit or
circulation at its nominal value anywhere in
the country whose mints emit it, and despised
and rejected by all foreign nations, then let Its
design be changed. Where now we greet the
serene ana holy fac*» of let
there be stamped the awful head
of Medusa, entwined with serpents and
bearing death to those who gaze upon it.
From its reverse let our trust in God be
erased and l€t our faith in repudiation and
anarchy take its place. Let the flight feathers
which float the eagle above the earth and row
him toward the sun drop from their sockets
and leave him the carcass ot a buzzard— the
emblem of a race that has sought and wrought
its own dishonor.
At the close of General Barnes' speech,
Judge Waymire announced that next
Friday evening the McKinley Invincibles
would open their work in the Auditorium,
holding a meeting which will be addressed
by speakers to be hereafter announced.
Judge Way mire then proposed three
cheers for McKinley and Hobart, whicb
were given with a will. The band played
"Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean," and
the meeting adjourned.
WILL SUT TAKE THE STUMP.
Major McKinley Proposes to Confine
Speech-Making to Canton. .
CANTON, Ohio, Sept. s.— When Major
Mcjttnley was informed this afternoon
that he was about to take tbe stump in
Illinois at the request of the National
Committee, he declared emphatically and
specifically that he had no intention of
making speeches outside of Canton.
"1 see no reason whatsoever," said
Major McKinley, "for altering my deter
mination to remain at home during the
campaign. I don't expect to take the
stump. I am very much occupied here
and a great many delegations have ar
ranged to call on me in Canton."
Ordered a Bank Cloted.
BLACK RIVER FALLS. Wis., Sept 5.-
Judge Bailey ordered the Jackson County
Bank closed to-day on petition of Thomas
B. Mills, a stockholder, who alleged that
the bank owes depositors on demand $45,
-000 and is insolvent. A receiver was ap
pointed. The First National Bank pre
pared for a run, but there was none.©to* ««„ <&tt
iUXDAY SEPTEMBER 6, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Pau>wtk Thkatkb — -Madame Sans Gene,"
to-morrow night.
California Tkeateb "' On the Bowery," to-
morrow night.
Columbia T*KATM-"The Social Trmst."
UoFoeco's c 1 m*-liot;!>K— • Held In Slavery."
Tivoli OrKRA-HotraK.— "Rigoletto."
Orpheck— High-Class Vaudeville.
AX.CA7AK Theaiw.-" Turned Up."
6XJTBO Baths- Bathing and performance*
■••soot thk Chittks— Dally « Uaight street,
one block east 01 the Park,
faces— At Central Park. .
MECHANICS' INBTITUTK FAVn-lON— TweatJ-
ninth Industrial Exposition, to-morrow.
Baseball— Sixteenth and Folsom streets.
Presidio Athletic Grounds— Baseball.
Vb-xe Clambake— At Tiburou.
BoiiiOT Gate Park— Gate Park Band.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Family Excursion— To Santa Crus
Excursion— To Bohemia. -;t■. ! -
AUCTION tALbS.
By L. H. Botbd— To-morrow (Monday), Furnl-
ure, at Larkin St., near Hayes.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Dr. Chalmers Easton is in town.
A dinner In honor of Fred Yates was given
at the Bohemian Club last evening.
Mayor Sutro's invitation to Li Hung Chang
to visit tb.ii City has been declined.
Fair Sunday, with light fog in the morning.—
Local Forecast Official A. G. McAdle.
Rev. Frank P. Ford prer.cb.es his first sermon
at the First Christian Church to-day.
A snu-oth man with a map of a gold mine
gets $200 from the Fischer brothers and leaves
for Chicago.
Chief Justice Beatty has granted a writ of j
probable cause in the case ot the people vs. W. 1
U. T. Currant.
The San Francisco Labor Council will cele- j
brate Labor day by grand exerci6es at Metro- j
politan Temple.
The employes of the Board of Health con- I
tinue their labors tearing down condemned
houses In Chinatown.
William McFarland, collector for the Mlll
brae Dairy Compauy, is wanted by the police
on a charge of fcrgery.
The thirtieth annual banquet of the San
Francisco Pipe Club was held last evening at
Becker's Hall on Third street.
The bicycle relay riders will arrive at Roch
ester this morning and probably reach New
York early to-morrow morning.
Attorney Joseph T. Coquet swore to a com
plaint in Judge' Low's court yesterday charg
ing Attorney Charles H. Maddux with bauery.
Alvin G. Clark, the rich and famous maker
of telescope glasses, Cambridgeport. Mass., is
here. He hat been in Arizona and Los Angeles.
The Oregon Siandstone Company yesterday !
withdrew its suit to prevent the use of Cali- 1
fcrnia stone in the construction oi the new |
ferry depot.
Harry J. Musgrave, 1014 Twenty-fourth
street, ran his bicycle ;nto a pile of rockß on
Seventeenth street last night and was seri
ously injured.
The annual convention ot the California
State Spiritualistic Association adjourned yes- I
terday after an interesting, profitable and en- :
joyable sebaion.
It is shown in today's Call that the pros
perity of agriculturists depends upon the suc
cess of the masses, who prosper best under a
protective tariff.
William Webber, baker, 26 Sixth street, was
convicted by Judge Conlan yesterday of bat
lery upon Harry Chow, a boy, and will be sen
tenced Tuesday.
Maxine Elliott, the actress, whose real name
is Jessie E. McDermott, is suing her husband,
George A. McDermott, for divorce on the
ground of netertion.
George Green and Thomas Kelly, two well
grown boys, were arrested last night while roo
bing the bouse, 1116 Bush street, occupied by
William D. Keyston.
The Mission Defense Club has secured as a
permanent place of meeting the hall on Guer
rero and Twentietn streets, where it will meet
every Saturday night in future.
Xorman Schuller, the young broker, waived
his examination before Judge Conlan yester- i
day on the charge of forgery and was held to i
answer before the Superior Court.
Friday night, at 11 :45 o'clock. Low Lock, a j
Chinese restaurant-keeper, was shot and dan
gerously wounded by a highbinder, Lee Hovr '
is now under arrest for the crime.
G. P. Athenour, who has made a tour of th»
miningcamps of the Yukon and branches, is
here. He says life is hard there and he doesn't j
care to get gold by digging for it In Alaska.
James H. Flynn, a laborer living at 1180% :
Harrison street, had his left leg 10 crushed by j
the steam cars yesterday that it had to be '■
amputated at the City and County Hospital.
Frank Brooks, alias Thompson, a "bunko- '
steerer," who swindled S. Jacobson of Fresno
out of $18 about a week ago, was sent to the
County Jail for six months by Judge Low yes
terday.
Judge Campbell yesterday came to the assist
ance ot Robert McClusky, charged with be
trayal under promise of marriage, by lending
him $2 to obtain the necessary marriage
license.
The whale captured off Pescadero last Friday
was towed to Sausalito by the tug Vigilant
yesterday. It will be placed on exhibition for
the benefit of the "Night in Sausalito" cele
bration.
Lewis Sells of the Forepaugh, Sells it Co.
Circus Company has conceived a unique
scheme for starting the only wild animal
and tropical bird ranch of the world in Merced
County, Cal.
The longshoremen on Jackson-street wharf
won their fight with the California Transporta
tion Company yesterday. The 5-cent an hour
cut has been rescinded and the men all wont
back to work.
Judge Seawell yesterday overruled the de
murrer of the Board of Supervisors to the ac- |
cusation of the Grand Jury in the assessment
reduction matter. The Supervisors will now
have to stand trial.
Richard U. Goode and Henry Gannett of the
United States Geological Survey, are in town
after having made a dangerous ascent of Mt. .
Hood. They say the recent "eruption" was j
merely a rock slide.
The heirs of Horace Gasquet, a Del Norte
County storekeeper, are questioning the dis
posal of $25,200 which Gasquet gave to the
children of Joseph Kahn of this City a lew
days before his death.
All arrangements for the Admission Day
celebration oy the Native Sons were completed
last night by the joint committee. Tickets ■
will be sold at both ends of the ferry, and at
Sixteenth street, Oakland.
One of the Southern Pacific Company's spot
ters was rotten-egged on Jackson-street wharf
yesterday. He made himself very obnoxious, '
and the deckhands of the steamer Alviso I
handled him without gloves.
Judge Buckof San Mateo County yesterday de
cliiied to hear argument in the matter of' the I
i.ux estate until the charges alleged to have '
ucen made in an affidavit of J. H. Campbell,
1 - yet unfiled. had been inquired into.
The officers and members of the Stock and j
Bond Exchange held a banquet yesterday !
imon in celebration of the openlnpof the ex
change's spacious new quarters on the second j
floor of the Merchants' Exchange buildiug.
The fusion conference failed to fuse last !
night on account of the knifing of Warren B. |
English and C. A. Barlow by Governor Build,
Dtigueti, Gould and McNab. Democrats and i
Populists are disgusted, and the fuse will bo a
fizz.
Wnen the matter of streetcar fare reduction
comes before the Railroad Commission to
morrow its jurisdiction over etreet railways I
will be denied by the Market-street Railwny •.
Company, and interesting legal proceedings
wi.i probably follow.
Under an arrangement recently made by the
jobbers of Utah with certain transportation 1
urn s that operate from New York to Utah 1
considerable freight traffic will be taken from :
the Southern Pacific Company and trade from 1
the merchants of S:m Francisco.
Leading Populisis are leaving their party \
and becoming euthutl»»Uo adherents of the i
Republican party. Among them are well
known men who polled large votes as candi
dates on the local Populist ticket two years
ago. They are McKinley men now.
George W. Forsythe.tne union printer injured !
at 26 Main street Thursday afternoon by a j
bundle falling from an open elevator nndstrik
lug him on the head, is expected to recover al
though at present he has neitiier the power of
speech nor the power of deglutition, and is
without the use of his left eye and his right
leg.
General W H. L. Barnes addressed an audi
ence at the Auditorium last evening on the
issue* of the campaign. The statement made
by General Barnes that what the country
needs is to return to tue tariff conditions ex
isting in 1892 was warmly applauded. Tne
audience manifested keen appreciation of the
fact that the leading issue of the campaign is
protection to American industry. Judge Way
mire presided.
TOWED THE WHILE
TO SAUSALITO
The Big Mammal's Car
cass Brought From
Pescadero.
PLACED ON EXHIBITION
Net Proceeds to Go Toward the
Expenses of "A Night in
Sausalito."
FATE OF A RAILROAD SPOTTER
He Was Driven Off Jackson Street
Wharf in a Shower of
Rotten Eggs.
The long-sought whale is at last safely j
moored in the shallow water off Sausalito.
Word was received that Captain
Gavin's crew had killed one of the mon
sters and that it was two miles off Pesca
dero. The tug Vigilant was chartered and
s farted for the scene Friday night. Cap
tain Clem Randall of the tug was accom
panied by Captain C. C. Bruce of the yacht
Rover and both were on the bridge the en
tire night. Toward midnight it was de
cided to run into one of the small bays
and anchor for the night, but before the
tug's course could be changed the lookout
reported a small light ahead. It proved
to be the whaleboat made fast to the levia
than. It took some time to get the tow
line attached, and it was long after mid
nigbt before a start was made lor San
Francisco. Sausalito was reached at 7:30
a. m., and the work of getting the whale
ready for exhibition was at once begun.
The net proceeds are to go to the "Nigiit
in Sausalito" carnival fund and the result
should be very satisfactory to those hav
ing the celebration in hand. Captain C.
C. Bruce has the matter in charge and he
>s bure to make a success of it.
The whalemen did not return with the
Vigilant, but remained out in order to
secure another monster. Th° one at Sau
salito will De embalmed by a special pro
cess, and it is expected that it will keep for
weeks. The mm had a most exciting
chase after it. After being struck it fought
for an hour and a half and then gave in
through locs of blood. The lifeboat was
not smashed, as reported, and only one
whaler, a man named Pedro, was sligbtly
injured in the face with a lance.
The longshoremen on the Jackson-street
wharf won their h'giit yestemay. The Cali
iornia Transportation Company cut their
wages 5 cents an hour and the men struck.
The company held out for three days, but
as tbe rush of fruit continued and the
managers found it impossible to handle
with the deckhands alone they had to give
in. All the fruit was landed and the ves
sels got away on time yesterday morning.
Three vessels in baliast };ot in yesterday.
They are all chartered to load wheat and
will go to Port Costa in a few days. They
are the Br.tisn ship Dynomene, Captain
Hansen, seven days from Port Angeles;
French ship Louis Pasteur, Captain Rebel,
eighty-four days from Newcastle, N. S. \\\,
and the British ship Blythswood, Captain
Dixon, eight days from Victoria, B. C.
The French ship is provided with a patent
process for dropping and hoisting her an
chors. Yesterday the patent did not work
well and in consequence sail had to be cot
on the vessel to get her out oi the way of
the ferry-boats. Captain Miller, the pilot,
was in charge of the Pasteur and sailed
her in, as Captain Rebel refused to nay a
tua: more than $80. When a safe anchor
age was reached the pilot ordered the port
anchor dropped. It stuck in the hawse
pipe and the ship began to drift. The
order to let go the starboard anchor was
then given, but it also refused to budge.
Then the pilot had to get sail on and take
the Pasteur away south of tbe ferries be
fore the obstruction could be cleared and
the ship brought to an anchor.
Captain Bridgett of the steamer George
Loomis reports that on his last trip up,
September 30, between Point Sur and
Pigeon Point, he was set in a little by
the current, but that on the present trip
he waa set in considerably, northeast by
north, for nearly seven miles. He stated
he steered a course from Point Sur lour
miles off Pigeon Point, and then he had
to haul out, so that lie would be eight
miles out. He recommends tbe use of
lead often in that locality, and says that if
he had not done so on this tripne would
probably have brought up alongside of the
ill-fated steamer Colombia.
The halibut schooner Francine got in
from the fishing banns yesterday with a
catch of 20,000 pounds. The fish will be
on sale to-morrow.
Southern Pacific spotters are having a
hard life of it on the water front. Every
body treats them with contempt and the
decKhands on the various steamers they
are spying on make life a burden for
them. Yesterday the spotter on the
steamer Alviso was busily engaged in
taking mental notes of the shippers and
consignees when the deckhands on the
steamer passed ashore one by one and
stationed themselves in various places on
the wharf. At a given signal one of the
men hurled a rotten egg. His aim was
■-•ood and it struck the object fair in the
back. The spotter wheeled around, but
the deckhand was calmly gazing out to sea.
Another signal was given and another egg
was thrown. This time it struck the
spotter in tbe back of tbe neck. Again he
wheeled, but only to receive another egg
in his bosom.
Whenever hiß back was turned an egg
flew, and soon he was plastered all over.
The unfortunate tool of the monopoly
stood it about thirty seconds and then fled
in dismay. He sought an interview with
Agent White at the ferries, but the clerks
hustled him out of the office, while the by
standers held their noses and laughed.
The spotter has not b j en seen since and
the railroad lias very little information as
to what f reicht the Alviso took away.
Harry Goodall of Piper. Aden, Goodall
<fe Co., scared one of the breed away from
the steamer Sunol, but two more have
taken bis place, and a special police
man accompanies them to see that no
harm comes to them.
A Midnight Burglary Prevented.
An attempt to burglarize the residence of
Mr. G. H. Thompson, at 526 Eddy street, re
sulted in me robbers being badly scared. On
prying open the front door they were met in
stantly by what ?eemed to be a discharge of
firearms and hastily decamped.
Mr. Tliompwrn says that had It not been for
the champion Burglar Alarm he would have
sustained a heavy loss.
The Champion Burglar Alarm is indorsed by
Chief Crowley and Captain Lees, who say it is
the simplest and best device they have ever
seen as a protection against burglars. It is a
California invention aod is having an unpre
cedented sale. The company's office is lo
cated at 21}£ Third street, room 9. *
• » ♦
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Co., 43 Suttjr street.
Telepnone Main 49. Keep your checks ior us.*
•—«• — «. — •
Some naturalists say that no insects ex
cept the silkworm feed upon the leaves of
the mulberry.
Piles! Pi!e«! Mhc'i infallible Pile Cure.
Cures all cases of blind, bleeding, itcbing
and protruding piles. Price 50c. A. Mcßoyle
& Co., drugjjists, 504 Washington street. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
The "Whale Captured Near Pescadero Last Friday as It Appeared on the Beach Near Sausalito Yesterday.
The Monster Is to Be Exhibited for the Benefit of the "Night in Sausalito " Celebration.
ADDRESSES HIS
CONSTITUENTS
Congressman J. G. Maguire
Speaks in Metropoli
tan Temple.
NOT A LARGE MEETING
The Iroquois Club and Demo
cratic Committee Do the
Honors.
APPEAL FOR INDORSEMENT.
The Fuuding Bill and the Silver
Question Are Discussed at
Great Length.
The prospect of Hearing Congressman
Maguire discuss seasonable political issues
from tbe Democratic standpoint, and ap
peal for indorsement of his Congressional
record, was not sufficient to attract a very
large audience — as Metropolitan Temple
audiences go— to that pl.ee last night,
though one of the campaign bands worked
conscientiously on the sidewalk outside
some time before the meeting opened, with
a view to arousing a few sparks of public
enthusiasm.
At 8 o'clock the body of the hall was
fairly well tilled, but there were many
vacant chairs in the gallery.
The meeting was held under the joint
auspices of the Iroquois Club and the
Democratic State Central Committee,
Hon. J. H. Earry satisfactorily fulfilling
the duties of chairman.
Among those who occupied seats upon
the platform was Charles Gikioa, presi
dent of the Iroquois Club; A. D. Lemon
ana J. Walsh, vice-presidents, together
with a large number of other members of
the club and of the State Central Com
mittee.
W. J. Broebeck called the meeting to
order shortly after 8 o'clock and in open
ins the proceedings said that tbe signs of
the times were clear and unmistakably
indicated the death of plutocratic govern
ment.!
It became now the imperative duty of
every citizen to assist in the pre
servation of American institutions. His
tory had proved that tbe American people
were capable of sell-government, and the
3d of November next would prove, more
over, that they know how to preserve that
self-government The speaker of the
evening, Congressman Alaguire, was re
turning to bis constituents to ask for their
indorsement of his conduct a3 their rep
resentative in Congress, and all that was
left for himself to do after making this
announcement was to introduce the chair
man of the evening, another well-known
Uniocrat — Hon. J. H. Barry. [Appiause.]
Mr. Barry referred to Congressman Ma
guire as one who had accomplished more
for this coast during his comparatively
brief term of office than any other man
he knew. The present campaign he de
scribed as a "Jeffersonian" campaign — a
campaign of the masses against the
classes. The doctrine of free silver meant
the storming of the outworks only, while
its realization would enable the public to
capture the citadel of privilege.
Mr. Estee spoke of "Wealth as King,"
but Mr. Barry informed the meeting that
the motto of the Democratic party was,
"Labor Shall Be King," and when that
party elects Mr. Bryan in November
"Labor would be King." [Applause.]
He himself had not properly understood
the real meaning of free silver until he
had carefully studied the instructive
editorialsiin The Call and Chronicle and
the essays of Messrs. Irving M. Bcott
and Morris M. Estee. He could only
ascribe the sudden change of front on the
part of those authorities to the fact that
Mr. Hanna had hypnotized them. Mr.
Hanna, he considered, was the enemy of
labor.
After further references to what he
termed the inconsistencies of the Repub
lican party in its attitude toward free sil
ver, the funding bill and the Southern
Pacific, he vigorously denounced Grove
L. Johnson as the "lickspittle tool" of the
latter ana condemned the body which was
responsible for his nomination, conclud
ing his remarks by calling upon Congress
man James G. Maguire to address the
meeting.
Congressman Maguire, who was loudly
applauded on rising, said that this mag
nificent demonstration, together with its
evidences of personal respect and esteem,
was in itself a sufficient reward for his at
tempt to carry out the wishes of hi? con
stituents. Coming a^ain before them as a
candidate for Congress, he felt that he
should be elected or defeated according to
the nature of bis past services.
The campaign of a candidate should be
based upon liis previous legislative record.
He did not ask for re-election on personal
grounds; he referred the whole question
to that record in Congress and would
promise, if re-elected, to do, if possible, in
the Fifty-fifth Congress that which he had
done in the Fifty-third and Fifty-fourth
Congresses.
The issues of the present campaign were
of the greatest importance to the Ameri
can people and must be voted upon intel
ligently. The struggle involved the rights
of man against the power of concentrated
wealth. It was not a tight of the poor
against the rich, for the poor did not
really envy the rich, and the spirit of
Democracy— the present grand standard
bearer of Democracy, ihe second Jeffer
son, W. J. Bryan— repudiated that idea or
that purpose.
This was a struggle against the monopoly
power of wealth and special privilege — the
power of wealth to cut off the opportuni
ties of labor and to exact tribute without
bestowing a corresponding equivalent.
"Equal rights to all, special privileges to
none," as Jefferson had formerly said, was
the watchword ot the Democratic party.
This struggle would continue until the
abuses of which he spoke had been abol;
i-heii and all citizens placed upon a
plane of equality, with respect to natural
opportunities. "The interest of the poor
est as well as the richest," he said, "de
mands that property rights should be re
spected, and that none shall be in a posi
tion to secure wealth except by producing
it or b;' giving therefor a just equivalent.
"The so-called new Democracy aimed at
this ob^ct. Ttiis Democracy was indeed
the ofd Democracy of Thomas J. Jefferson
revived. The standard of that party was
now placed in the hands of the nearest
successor in type and manhood, mind and
heart, to tbe immortal Jefferson that the
preat Chicago convention could.find in all
the party in : his Nation."
The spetker next dwelt with the accu
sation that the Democrats are enunciating
anarchical principles, observing apropos
of the same that this accusation came in a
strangely ironical shape from the party
including among its number the greatest
living anarchist on earth. Eli Perkins,
the greatest liar in the world, was sup
porting McKinley.
Then followed caustic references to C. P.
Huntineton, the gold-standard monopoly,
Daniel E. Sickles, Senator Vilas, J. P.
Irish and other Democratic "recusants,"
of which, he observed, the party was very
well rid.
The Democratic platform declared that
the remonetizntion of silver was the para
mount issue of the campaign.
In the event of such an improbable con
tingency as McKinley's election, he
pointed out that the tariff question could
not be handled immediately, inasmuch ay
the Seriate, by a nearly two-thirds major
ity, stood as an impassable barrier against
any such legislation and certain Senators
in particular were pledged not to pass a
tariff law until silver was renionetized.
Before, tnerefore, the tariff became a
really important issue two more elections
must be decided.
In quoting from the Chicago platform
be laid stress upon those clauses which
declare for liberty of conscience.
"Religious liberty," he sai<l, "means the
absolute equality and independ. nee of
every man, beyon<l question and beyond
criticism, and that no man shall be de
barred from the political rights of citizen
ship, sovereignty and service by reason of
bis religious opinions."
The Chicago platform, he further ex
plained, declared that no discrimination
should be exercised by the United States
in favor of any of its debtors, and he de
nounced any attempt on the part of Con
gress to pass the funding bill. It was
found impossible, he remarKed, parenthet
ically, to pass such a plank at the Repub
lican convention.
"There were too many Hannas there.
"Do not forget," continued Judge Ma
guire, "that to the people of California
the question of refunding is as great in
importance as the silver question, though
not so, of course, to other sections. But
here it means all the difference between
chains and freedom. It will be a matter
of little importance to California with
what kind of money they will be per
mitted to exchange the products of their
labor if they are to be tbe industrial slaves
of a transportation monopoly.
"There is pending in Congress now a
refunding bill known as the Powers bill,
which has the approval of a majority of
the Committee on Pacific Railroads, and
which is very much worse than was the
Reilly refunding bill of the Fifty-third
Congress. The bill is to refund the steal
ings oi the directors of the Union and
Central Pacific railroads. The refunding
under the Powers bill proposed that the
period of payment of the debt shall be ex
tended over eighty-six years.
"The Reilly bill was for fifty years, at 2
percent per annum; tbe Reilly bill carried
3 per cent. Mr. Huntington and his associ
ates became bolder in the Fifty-fourth
Congress. Instead of fifty years, at 3 per
cent, the present bill, by extending pay
ment over eiehty-six years, virtually re
funds at 2 per cent. The average period
of refunding would be fifty-live years for
the whole of the debt, and the "interest,
therefore, would be 2 per cent.
"The lowest interest on the National debt
paid by the Government is 3% per cent,
and the Government would consequently
in this case pay V/i. P" cent per annum
more than they would receive back during
the whole of that period, or $94,800,000.
"At the end of eighty-six years of infinite
trouble and scandal the Government
would get 17^ per cent of its present
claim, or about $20,300,000 net. out of the
present claim of $110,000,000. But under
tlie Powers scheme California would pay
$241,500,000 in excessive freights and fares.
G. L. Johnson has sotiirht to vindicate the
Powers bill, and argues that by roobing
the United States of $94,800,000 we wifi
save tho people of California just that
much, because he says if that ninety-four
millions were added by increasing the in
terest to be paid by the companies, the
people of California will be obliged to pay
it in higher rates and fares.
"This is a confession from their own
camp. If the refunding bill passes at all
the people of California will be taxed $241 -
500,000 as I sai<i before. Why should They
do this in order to get twenty millions into
the treasury of the United States?"
A better course than this, the speaker
suggested, would be to allow the company
to cancel the whole of the debt. But as a
legitimate alternative be declared the
Government, which practically owns the
two roads, might take them. [Applause.]
But wht-n the roads were taken he would
disagree with his socialistic friends as to
what oucht to be dor.c with them. He
would favor a course under which all such
roads would be declared public highways;
he would have them opened under Gov
ern man! supervision to the private com
petition of carriers. The other function of
Government would be to guard against
monopoly, and here its duty would practi
cally cease. The people had started out
upon a crusade agaiust monopoly and
would not let up until that object was
attained.
Another course open to Congress was to
foreclose all the mortgages and sell the
roads, by which means, according to com
petent witnesses who had given evidence
before the committee, the Government
would obtain every dollar due. In con
cluding his consideration of the subject he
reminded bis hearers that Mr. Bryan was
pledged to veto any refunding scheme.
The balance of his address was devoted
to ttie silver question, which he discussed
exhaustively, necessarily from the stand
point of his party. Free coinage he held
to be necessary because gold was a monop
oly, inadequate to fulfill the wnole of the
functions of a medium of exchange and,
moreover, because a double standard
would render monopoly absolutely impos
sible.
He ascribed to the Morgan syndicate a
successful attempt to coerce the Cleveland
administration to sell its bonds at 4 per
cent, while the market valuation was 12
; per cent, guaranteeing in return not to
I permit any dratt upon the treasury gold
reserve for a period of eight months.
The Government yielded to tiiat little
combination of wealth and agreed to sell
$62,000,000 of bonds at 4 per cent and the
synd.cate immediately sold thirty millions
at 12 per cent.
The speaker closed a speech of over two
hours' duration by urging the electors to
select W. J. Bryan as their next President
and so insure renewed prosperity.
The meeting dispersed with three cheers
for Bryan find Maguire.
PACIFIC GROVE CAMPERS.
Members of the Itinerants' Club Under- i
going Examinations for the Metho
dist Ministry.
•PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., Sept. The j
second day's session of the Itinerants'
Club was in every respect a successful one. ■
! Delegates continue to pour in and Camp \
! Itinerant on Eighteenth and Nineteenth
streets is assuming large proportions.
All day long members of the examina
tion classes were undergoing a critical test
in the chapel of Assembly Hall on Light- \
house avenue. The members are divided I
into four classes, of the first, second, i
third and fourth years. Each is required I
' to pass a written . examination in each j
year's work. The Revs. F. D. Bovard, J. 1
P. Macau lay and W. 8. Harvay constitute i
■ the examining board for tbe first year's '
I class. There are only four students in this ,
j class— C. E. Irons, J. H. McKay, C. K.
: Jenness, M. S. Cross.
The second year students are more I
I numerous. Among them are L. M. Buwell, i
j M. A. Kennedy, J. C. King, William !
Maishall, W. F. McClure, Walter Merritt,
W. G. Trudgeon. Revs. M. H. Alexander, !
F. H. Woodward, P. W. Chilson act as !
j examiners.
The Revs. W. S. Bovard, E. P. Dennett. :
! W. D. Crabb are judges of the third year's
class and have eleven under their jurisdic
tion.
Among them are: Frank Henson, F. A. 1
Keast, J. B. Ritter, W. S. Kelly, F. W.
Lloyd, S. J. Wilson, C. F. Withrow, O. M.
I Hester and J. F. Jenness.
The s *nior or fourth year's board of ex- jammers
] aminers are Rev. J. H. N. Williams, C. E. |
Pettis and William Anquina. Those who 1
j will graduate- this year and be admitted to j
I the California Conference next week are:
i E. M. Hill, O. G. Hughdon, F. A. McFall,
G. M. Richmond, W. T. Keene, T. Na
kamvra, H. Kihira.
•—• — ♦ — •
Artf Comrt Discovered..
BOSTON. Mass., Sept. 5.— A cable mes- 1
i sage from the European Union of Astrono-
I niers to Messrs. Chandler and Ritchie an-
I nounces the discovery of a new comet by
Giacobini, an astronomer at the Nice
Observatory.
Tue comet was -first seen by him at 8
hoars 16 minutes Greenwich mean time,
the position being right ascension 17 hours
10 minutes 22 seconds, declination south 7
degrees 29 minutes. The comet has a
motion of plus two minutes in R. A. and
south four minutes.
NEW TO-DAT.
•REMOVAL »
: : TO .
CORNER SUTTER ST. AND GRANT AYE.
THE LACE HOUSE,
X). S A3UETT:E3XjJS.
Fail goods now arriving must be closed out. All the same,
most competitors complain at selling. too cheap, but no goods will
be moved if low prices will sell them.
Customers are invited to look at our immense line of New Fall
Silks, opened on Monday— goods imported to be sold at $1.75 and
put in stock at 95c. Dresden Silks, Evening Silks, Street Suits,
Silks, at 95c. ipWl'i^P^
BLACK SILK DEPARTMENT.
Black Brocades, satin or gros-gr am ground, heavy Lyons make.. «i a yard
Moire Ve10ur5....... $1 23, $1 '56, $1 75, $2
Plain India, all shades ..7..... 20c a yard
i/pi VCTC 100 New Shades Silk Velvet.
» Ct V ■-« 10. 50 Pieces All-silt Velvets, for Capes or Dresses.
lIJST OPFNED Fa Y, Importation ,_ of Black Dress Goods, including the most
JUZ3 1 v/rL,Mi-.i/. stylish new make*. Crepon, Crepes, Bengalines, Soleil
Epingle, Henriettas. Drap Satin, for mourning or street wear, save 25 per cent.
LACE GOODS. '^S.^^^.Sff^^^^.^ G<^ New
EMBROIDERIES AND WHITE GOODS. SSgn^ift^TSSSn^JSlS
Hue 01 Remuaius in Embroidery, less than hall price. White Goods, Organdies. Swi-ses Mulls
French Nainsook, Cambrics, Dimities, India Twill, fully 30 per cent below regular price's.
SPFCI A I BARGAINS T i? ke 11^^ arid lay in supply while yon can get
P.r'CV^l/\L..IJ/MVVJriil^*^. them Blankets, Quilts, Comforters. Eiderdown
Quilts, at less than mill price. ;
THE LACE HOUSE,
D. SAMUELS,
123 TO IS© POST STREET.
NEW TO-DAY
IP The The The ||
I Best. Rest. Test. \
w' There are two kinds of sarsaparilla: The best— and the V?
|JP rest. The trouble is they look alike. And when the rest (Sty
dress like the best who's to tell them apart? Well, "the tree
||P is known by its fruit." That's an old test and a safe one. |j|
,|||v And the taller the tree the deeper the root. That's another Hf
test. What's the root,— record of these sarsaparillas ? The f||P
#one with the deepest' root is Ayer The one with the richest /f^v
IP/ fruit ; that, too, is Ayer's. Ayer's Sarsaparilla has a record of lIP
|p| half a century of cures ; a record of many medals and awards— /f%
W culminating in the medal of the Chicago World's Fair, which, HP
mm admitting Ayer's Sarsaparilla as the best— shut its doors against (||||
"p^ the rest. That was greater honor than the medal, to be the only ;Nf
||jP Sarsaparilla admitted as an exhibit at the World's Fair. If you mm
jg^ want. to get the best sarsaparilla of your druggist^ here's an /Nf
infallible rule: Ask for the best and you'll get Ayer's. Ask fßi
Jzmk for Ayer's and you'll get the best. J^s£
IP (Hp
SHE INHERITS
SUDDEN WEALTH
The Good Luck That Has
Befallen Mrs. Jennie
Porter.
KAS KNOWN TBOUBLE.
She Says She Has Borne Too
Much to Grow Excited Over
Anything.
TAKES HER FORTUNE CALMLY.
G. Teller, a Nephew in N w York,
Leaves H^r Part Heir to a
Million Dollars.
Mrs. Jennie Porter of 60^ Tiffany ave
nue learned yesterday that she is one of
the heirs to $1,000,060. left by tbe late
George Teller, a nephew in New York.
Tiffany avenue is an embryonic thor
oughfare near Mission and Twenty-ninth
streets. It contains just one cluster of
houses, most of which bear the sign "to
let."
In an upper flat dwells Mrs. Porter. It
is not exactly the sort of abode to find a
millionairess in, but Mrs. Porter only
heard of her good fortune yesterday, and
does not intend to go East to claim her
share of the million dollars till the spring. ;
"No! lam not elated over the news," j
she said, when seen last night. "I have J
been forced 10 bear so much trouble that
surely 1 can take a streak of good fortune
philosophically. I never expected the
money, but* now tiiat it is left to me there
is no use making a fuss about it."
Mrs. Porter, who has lived and strug- |
gled for six years in California, is not a i
young woman. She came here, a child- I
less widow, for her health, and she has i
resolutely refused to return and live with
her friends in the East, because she is so j
charmed with the country and the cli- '
mate. "I went East three years aeo and
very quickly decided that I would j
rataer take in washing in California than !
stay 111 the terribly hot and cold climate :
East. Since coming back I have struggled
alon>; in various ways. I had a hair&nop,
but there was norning in it, and then
tried a bakery on Mission streej, near ;
Ninth, but there I had just to put my \
hand i:i mv* pocket and t>a}' my rent. •
Since then I have been taking care of an j
invalid."
"T c future! Well, that's about the
last thing lam thinking of. My mother,
who is 83 years of asie, is more efaied over
it than I am. But you see troubl makes
one take things calmly, and I have had
lots and lots of trouble."
Geo.ge Teller, the bachelor nephew who
left the fortune, stipulated that it should
be equally divided among Mrs. Porter
and her six sisters, their aged mother also
falling in for a share during her lifetime.
'Ihe old lady still lives at Saratoga, N. V.,
Mrs. Porter's native place.
"It will be some months, they tell me,
before I can really handle mv share of the
million dollars," said Mrs." Porter. "In
the meantime, I shall go on living just as
usual in this little flat. The money wiil
be a great comfort in my old age; money
generally is, whatever they say to the
contrary, and I know my friends will be
glad to near of my good fortune.
"After going East to settle up things in
the spring, I shall return to California, for
I mean to end my days in this country.
This is a nice little flat, with plenty ot
light and air, and it's only $7 a month. but
I do not know whether I shall go on living
here when I come back, that will depend
upon circumstances, in the meantime I
an. goinu T about my work as usual and
thinking less than my friends are about
the fortune that has come to me."
Peculiar It ■ nth at Eureka-
EUREKA, Cal., Sept s.— Mary Zanone,
the 20-year-old daughter of Domingo
Zanone, a wealthy cattleman, died to-day
irom blood poisoning, caused by picking a
Dimple on the face. She was ill but a lew
hours.
Jiurhmik Jieappolnted.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Sept. s.—Commander
in-chief Clarkson of the G. A. R. to-day
reappointed Quartermaster-General A. J.
Hurbank.
SEW TO-DAY.
You don't think Schil-
lings Best is so good ?
We don't blame you.
Advertisers have almost
forfeited their right to be
believed; and so careful
; straightforward advertisers
\ suffer for the sins of others.
But there is no need of
convincing people. We
don't ask you to trust us. .
Trust your grocer. Get
Schillings Best from him,
but make sure of your
ground by asking him if
you can get your money
back if you don't like it
In packages.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco , . jtj
I Philadelphia
Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
DESPITE
; THAT SPREGKELS FENCE
' Success has crowned our efforts. Our aim
has always been to give Best Value* for the
least money. The masses of the people are
aware of this fact. We at no time try to de-
, ceive them. Your confidence is our success.
i Compare prices with those elsewhere.
$1 50 Wl
A|}liUUi I*! I
These shoes are' made of the Best Vici Kid,
with patent tips, kid and cloth tops, opera and
square toes. Cannot be excelled elsewhere for
no less than 2.
tSS ffll EXTRA FIXE JICI
r£ip\ II Misses' and Children's
f9BBj^ V#f Extra Fine Vici Kid
J*l§Bl«t«N. Hi fchoes, kid and cloth tops.
fer i '* Sj «2s§^ *» stylish and guaranteed
lsi»~Z^!"~*' 3V ">»_— to give entire satisfac-
s=SZZZaat*aaa&BS» tlon— in C, D, E and EJS
widths.
Children's sizes, 8 to 10^4..... *1.00
Misses' size-, 11 to 2 51. 25
#ST Country orders solicited.
- tOr Bead for Sew Illustrated Catalogue. ,
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO..
10 Third Street, San Francisco. .
SUGAR-BEET
LAI FOB SALE
ON EASY TERMS.
'■ ■ ■ — . . ■
Within easy access of the Lar-
gest Sugar-Beet Factory in the
world, to be erected by the Hon.
Claus Spreckels.
For particulars address
F. K. L-A-ITGr,
SALINAS,
* Monterey County, Cal«
78
SPIRITUALISTS
DROP THE CURTAIN
Final Adjournment Taken
After a Profitabb
Session.
T G.NEWMAN PRESIDENT
Delegates Chosen for the Na
tional Convention at
Washington.
A MEMORIAL TO M. B. DODGE.
Constitution and Ey-Liws Adopted
After Several Unimportant
Amendments.
The session of the State Spiritualists'
Association was ot>ened yesterday by a
Vio in selection by Proiessor Richard
Younc, accompanied by Mrae. E. Young,
after which a noetic invocation by Rev.
11. P. Haworth was offered to lh« "Great
Source of All Creation," asking that '*We
be enabled to remember that we are all
gods by virtue of the godhood enshrined
-within us," and that all be enabled to be
charitable to each other; imploring divine
aid that our influence be for good and
that peace and harmony from the spirit
spheres be cast like a mantle over the as
sociation and each member thereof, and
that only good words be thought or spoken,
co that a wave of elevating power should
be sent out as the effect of their delibera
tions.
On call the constitution and by-laws of
the association were read by W. D. J.
Hambly. They are to the effect that the
association is an affiliation of the societies
of the State for the furtherance of the
cause of spiritualism in the State and to
issue charters to new societies or to spirit
ualibtic bodies already organized which
may be entitled to and shall apply for the
same, paying the fees required.
The constitution also makes it the duty
of each auxiliary society to give annually
a beneht performance, the proceeds of
which are to be forwarded to the treasurer
of the National association in Washing
ton, D. C, such proceeds in no case to be
less than $10.
The committee on resolutions handed in
the following:
Whereas, The estimate which people place
•Upon themselves is usually the rule by which
others measure tnem, therefore be it
Resolved, That spiritualists are in dutybonnd
to measure themselves by the highest ideal of
intellectual and ethical excellence; and
AViieeeas, Spiritualism embraces everything
pertaining to human evolution and happiness,
and possesses the key to the solution of all re
ligious, social, philosophic and economic prob
lems, therefore be it
Hciolved, That the proper position for spirit
ualists to occupy is that of leader oi the world's
thought and progress; and
Whereas, All the betterment of human life
and conditions is summed up in the one term,
education, therefore be it
icd, That spiritualists are most impera
tively required to be foremost in educating
themseivc-s and the people around them and
tuat every spiritualist society should become
an educational institution; and
Whereas, A mvre intellectual conviction of
the fact 01 continued existence does not neces
earily produce a more exalted ethical or
f-piritual character or conduct on the part of
believers; aud whereas, the world approves or
condemns all movements by the moral char
acter of their members rather than by the
proofs of the truthfulness of their teachings,
therefore be it
Resolitd, That the pressing duty resting upon
fi'-inturalists is a higher standard of ethical
and altruistic living; and
Whereas, Spiritualism has In the last fifty
years given the world a complete and scien
tiiic demonstration of continued conscious ex
istence in the future; therefore be it
Resolved, That it is now called upon to give
the higher demonstration of the noblest life
ever lived by man upon this earth.
Resolved, That while we profoundly respect
and honor our great army 01 test mediums we
nevertheless confess to the necessity for that
"higher mediumship," which includes a lelt
communion with :he infinite Life of the
Cosmos and a realized fellowship with the
Great Jlumanity in all its joys, in all its real
izations and in ail its hopes.
Resolved, That we recognize and appreciate
the attention given to the convention by the
press of the City of San Francisco and the gen
eral fairness with winch the proceedings have
been given to the public.
rui. That in the presence of the Hon.
Harrison L>. Barren, president of the National
Spiritualists' Ai-.-oeiaiion. at this State Conven
tion we recognize not only his great personal
interest in the work in this tftatp, but also that
of the National Association itself, aud we
pledge ourselves to do ail we can to make the
National Association a great power in the land
for good, as we believe it is intended to be the
grand, inspiring oreanizaiiou to further the
interests of Rpiritualism in every State and
Territory in America.
Resolvtrf, That the convention by-laws of tfm
associai'ju be printed ut once for use by the
Htate oflicers, amliatea societies and state or
ganizations, in small form, suitable for the
pocket and as inexpensively as possible.
J. B. Loveland,
Dk. H. M. Barker.
Thomas G. Newman,
Committee.
On motion the report was adopted and
placed on f.le.
The reading of the by -Jaws was called
for and they were read by W. D. J. Ham
bly. National President Barrett moved
that they De considered at 2 p. m., which
was carried.
Thomas G. Newman offered the follow
ing resolution, which was adopted by a
rising vote:
Whereas, This association has learned with
pain of the passing to the higher world of
Brother M. B. Dodge, therefore be it
Ecsolvtd, That this association deplores the
loss oi a tried, true and faithful brother, a man
r ing worth arui integrity, aiid a good
upright citizen, and offers condolence to the
bereaved relatives in their loss— feeling, how
fver, at the same time, that Brother Dodge is
not 'lead, but has simply passed on to the hills
of life, and though absent in the flesh is with
us in spirit, earnest and energetic, loving and
friendly, and wiser far than we who are left
behind.
The convention then adjourned until 2
p. K. and again partook of a splendid
lunch prepared by the lsdies.
At the afternoon session W. D. J.
Hambly announced that in the noon hour
the board of directors had made some
changes in the by-laws, and read them,
nfter which President Barrett moved that
the by-iaws as a whole be adopted without
debate— a motion which was unanimously
carried.
Prcfessor J. S. Loveland introduced a
resolution making the Pb.ilo3opb.ical Jour
nal the official organ of the State Asso
ciation, which was adopted amid loud ap
plause. He was also invited to remove
the office of publication (.now in San
Dirgo) to this City.
Being called upon, he took the plat
furm and stated that under spirit influ
ence he had moved to California at a cost
of $.JOOO, and he supposed he would have
to come to San Francisco and assist in
the upbuilding of the metropolis of ihe
Golden West and the furtherance of the
grind cause in whose interests the Philo
sophical Journal is published. On motion
( f Mrs. Julia Schlessinger the association
appointed the following as a committee to
nsfcist Mr. Newman in the removal of the
Journal to this City : Julia Schlessinger,
Elizabeth Sloper, B. F. Small, W. H. Lowe,
Mrs. 8. (Jowell, Oakland; Mr. Ewing,
Oakland; W. D. J. Hambly, San Jose;
Stephen D. Dye, Los Angeles: Dr. C. Grat
tan, Stockton; F. H. Parker, Santa Cruz;
K. A. Bonesteei. iSaiiti Cruz; J. S. Love
land, Summerland.
The question of holding a camp-meeting
was raised, and after some discussion was
referred to the State Spiritualist Canip
mfetinjr Association.
On motion of -Mr. Yean it was ordered
that a copy of :hc resolution regarding the
death of M. B. Dodge be sent to his
widow.
Nominations for president being In or
der, Messrs. Thomas G. Newman, San
Dieero; W. D. 3. Hambly, San Jose; and
W. T. Jones and C. H. Wadsworth of this
city were placed in nomination. A ballot
was taken, but confusion arising, the
votes were not counted.it being deemed
best to take another ballot. The result as
annouueed by the tellers, Messrs. Rider,
Dye and Parker was a failure to elect.
Ail other candidates havinecleclined the
nomination in favor of Thomas H. New
man of San Diego, and in accordance with
the laws of the association, the secretary
cast the ballot of the body for Mr. New
man, amid tremendous applause.
For vice-president C. H. Wadsworth was
elected. John Koch was elected secretary.
B. F. Small was elected treasurer by ac
clamation.
The following were elected directors for
the ensuing year: Dr. C. Grattan of Stock
ton, Professor J. 8. Loveland of Summer
land, Dr. H. M. Barker of San Jose, S. D.
Dye of Los Angeles and Martin S. Norton
of Sau Francisco.
The matter of choosing seven delegates
to the coming session of tbe National
Spiritualist Association in Washington, D.
C, October 15, was next in order, and the
following-named were chosen: Mrs. Julia
Schlessinger, W. J. ColviHe, T. G. New
man, J. S. Loveland, Mrs. EL Sloper, S. ]>.
Dye, N. S. Norton, Maggie W T aite, Mrs. D.
X. i'iace, Mrs. S. Cowell. Mrs. J. J. Whit
nev.
A vote of thanks was tendered the vari
ous committees and those who had been
so earnest in the work of the convention.
The retiring president, C. H. Wads
worth, introduced the new president,
Thomas G. Newman, who took his seat
iif'nr niak.iifr a neat speech. —
Professor J. J. Morse was granted per
mission to carry the badge he hai worn as
delegate in the" State convention back to
his home in England, as a "trophy of his
prowess in Ciilitornia."
On motion the association adjourned
in a business capacity until September -i,
1897, hut there will be three sessions to-day
at Golden Gate Hall, at 10 a. m., 2 p. K. and
7r. m. President Barrett will speak am!
a literary and musical programme will hs
rendered upon each occasion. tjome of
the best mediums in the City will demon
strate the truth of their philosophy. The
convention has been one of the most suc
cessful and harmonious meetings of spirit
ualists ever held in ttiis St;tte, and the
well-attended sessions showed that spirit
ualism is not without interest to the
masses.
The fnneral of M. B. Dodge will take
place from Golden Gate Hall at noon to
day, under the auspices of the spiritualist
societies of the City, among whom he was
an earnest worker, and highly esteemed
as a man and brother.
In order to assist the State Spiritualists'
Association, now in session in this C\Xy,
in meeting its expenses an entertainment
and social will be given Monday night, at
909 Market street, by the Independent
Free-thought Bible Spiritualist Society, of
which Dr. C. H. limes is president, one
half of the proceeds of which will be pre
sented to the association.
ALL ARRANGEMENTS MADE
The Native Sons and Daugh
ters Are All Ready for
Stockton.
No Special or Private Cars Must
Be Appropriated by the
Members.
The joint committees of the Admission
day celebration at Stockton met last even
ing at Native Sons' Hail and completed
all arrangements for the coming great
event.
The different parlors have been given
their places in the line of parade down
Market street on the evening of the Bth,
and with bands of music, red fire and
bombs to herald their departure the young
Californians will begin their festivities.
Parlors of Native Daughters will accom
pany their brother organizations as guests,
many of the ladies in a neat and appro
priate uniform.
On motion the joint committee has de
cided to appropriate $35 for the compen
sation of ticket-sellers along the line of
march at tbe ferry and at the mole and
Sixteenth street, Oakland.
A special train with the Oakland ana
Stanford parlors will start from Oakland at
4 a. M.. Tuesday.
It was aiso ordered that under the terms
of the agreement with the transportation
companies only 100 musicians be taken to j
Stockton by the committee. Miss-ion :
Parlor will charter a steamer in which they
will dr.ift Stocktonward. Sequoia Parlor
will carry its tent and camp out like their
pioneer forefathers.
It was moved that no parlor going with
the main body should appropriate to i
itself a special car, as such arrange
ment last year caused no end of incon
venience to other parlors not so for
tunate as to have influence with the rail
road. The matter caused considerable dis
cussion, but it was the sense of a majority
of the committee that no favoritism should
ba sliown, and the "first parlor come be
the first served" with seats in the train,
and it was so ordered.
DINNER TO FEED YATES.
The Banqueters Assembled In the Red
Room of the Bohemian Club.
A dinner in honor of the well-known
portrait painter, Frederick Yates of Lon
don, was given in the red room of the Bo
hemian Club last evening. Fifty guests
assembled at a table beautifully decorated.
Dr. George Chismore, president of the
club, presided and proposed the health of
the guest in a fitting speech. Mr. Yates
in responding, related some incidents and
vicissitudes in his early career as an artist
in San Francisco. His remarks made a
delightful impression. Among other
speakers were: Lucius H. Foote, Ed H.
Hamilton, William Greer Harrison, Solly
Walter, George T. Bromley, Jamejj D. Phe
lan and Horace G. Platt.
«—« — « — •
HIS LEG AMPUTATED.
James H. Flynn Foil While Trying to
Board a Freight Train.
James H. Flynn, a laborer, living at
116014 Harrison street, met with a serious
accident yesterday morning. He at
tempted to board a freight train while in
motion on Harrison street, between Six
teenth and Seventeenth, but missed his
hold and fell. His left lep was thrown
across the rail and the wheels passed
over it, crushing it into pulp.
Flynn was taken to the City and County
Hospital in the patrol wagon, and Dr.
Stahle amputated the leg above the knee.
Last night Flynn was resting easy. He is
a married man, 31 years of age, but has no
children.
Not This Edward J. Colvin.
The Edward Colvin arrested for burglary is
not Edward J. Colvin, son of Hugh J. Colvin,
formerly engineer of engine 5, San Francisco
Fire Department, who bears an honorable
character in the community.
The Divorce Courts.
Judge Hunt yesterdey granted Rose Lub
buck a divorce from Albert Lubbuck on the
ground of desertion.
New Frames of Old Dutch and Bog Oaks and
Mat Gilts at Sanborn &Vails. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
BULLETS SING
IN CHINATOWN
Low Lock Badly Wounded
by a Murderous
Highbinder.
LEE HOW UNDER ARREST
Both the Injured Man and His
Brother Identify the
Assailant.
WEAPONS IN HOW'S VALISE.
His Certificate of Residence and a
S?e Yup Receipt Valuable
Evidence.
Another man has fallen a victim to the
deadly highbinder bullet. Low Lock,
who in conjunction with his brother, Low
Kee, conducts a restaurant at 825 Wash-
I ington street, lies in a dark room over the
| eating quarters on wbat may be his death
bed. The bandages around bis head and
jaw conceal a oiost painful wound, the
bullet from the assassin's revolver enter
ing just behind the right ear, cutting sev
eral ligaments, fracturing the jawbone and
nnally emerging from the right cheek.
The shooting occurred at a quarter of 12
o'clock Friday night. Low Lock was in
the front part of the restaurant, which is
reached by descending a short flight of
steps, engaged in the act of chopping a
piece of meat with a cleaver.
Suddenly a Chinese appeared in the
stairway and from this position fired two
shots at the meat-ciiopper. Though Ihe
object of the shot was only a few feet from
: tiie assassin the first bullet missed and
; entered the floor near a tabie. The sec
ond, however, was more accurately aimed
and struck the unfortunate man in a man
ner indicated in a preceding paragraph.
Lock fell to the floor und the asmssin Bed.
Nut only did the wounded man plainly
I see and recognize his assailant, but his
brother, who was returning from across
the street, also discerned him as he
I stepped into the street and fled. The
i highbinder's name is Lee How. At the
i comer of Dupont and Washington street*
be was joined by another man, whose
{ identity is unknown.
Low Lock was immediately taken to
the Keceiving Hospital where his wound
was properly dressed by Dr. Weil, and
yesterday morning was taken back to the
restaurant. Dr. Weil thinks his chances
of recovery are fair.
Early yesterday morning friends of the
wounded man went to the California
street station and told the police they
could find the man that did the shooting.
Policeman L. C. Clarke was detailed to in
vestigate the case, and at once niaiie a
search lor the man. The Chinese first
went to a resort on Pacific street and then
to one on Dupont street in search of Lee
How, but How was at neither of these
places.
Finally the party went to 740 and 742
Commercial street, which enjoys the repu
tation of being the headquarters of the Bo
Leong 'long.
An active search was here made for
How, but resulted the same as the rest.
J ust as the party tiled out into the street
one of the Chinese exclaimed excitedly
that he saw How enter by a back door.
Olarke stepped back and found the high
binder siti ng on a box. His hat was off.
The hifrht'indor was at once placed under
arrest. When Clarke told him to get his
hat the fellow retired to a back room,
closely followed by hia captor. On the
table stood a pistol-case and a valise.
These excited Clarke's suspicions and he
opened them.
The case was empty, but the valise con
tained a 45 caliber Colt's revolver, a 38
-caliber Smith «fe Wesson's and an S-incli
bowie-knife. How at once proclaimed that
he owned neither the case nor the valise.
Here another Chinese stepped into the
room and tried to obtain possession of the
valise, claiming that some of his papers
were in it. The officer, however, con
tinued his search and found papers con
clusively proving that ihe valise and its
contents were the property of Lee How.
One was a certificate of residence and on it
was the highbinder's picture, with h'u
name at the top.
Another document written in Chinese
was translated by the secretary of the Six
Companies. Ii proved to be a receipt
given^ to Lee How for $1 dues paid into the
See Yup Association.
All these urticiesare in the possession of
the police and will be used as evidence.
Taken in connection with botn Low
Lock's and Low Kee's identification of
j Lee How as the murderous assailant it is
1 thought this evidence forms a very clear
case.
That Lee How had intended to flee is
Low Lock, "Who Lies at Death's Door From a Bullet Alleged to
Have Been Fired by Lee How. How's Likeness Is a Copy
of the Photograph on His Certificate of Residence.
shown by his packed valise and his ab- j
sence from his usual haunts. He is now
in the tanks, but will not be charged with
any crime until the outcome of hia mur-
I derous attack develops.
The Bo Ong and the Bo Leong tongs are
vociferous in their claim that the intended
murder was instigated by Joe Gar and
Lee Mcc Toy in revenge for being expelled
from the Kong Chow Asylum a short time
ago. Tbere i» absolutely no proof of this,
however.
Lee Fook Ninsr, the Chinese detective
who so narrowly escaped death Thursday
morning, as told exclusively in Friday's
Call, now says that he has learned the
name of the highbinder who endeavored
to kill him to be not Cheong Ah Fook, but
Shu Look.
NEARLY CHOKED TO DEATH.
Brutal Treatment of Mm. Sophie Zang
by Her Husband Charles.
Mrs. Bophie Zang, a delicate little
I woman of about 30 years of age, is in the
Receiving Hospital suffering from the
brutal treatment of her husband, Charles
Zang, an engineer in the stoneyard at
Fourth and Townsend streets.
They live at 812 Jessie "street ana Friday
night while making her way to the hos
pitul she fell from exhaustion at Hayes
and Lnrkin streets and was carried the re
mainder of the distance by two men. Her
throat showed the marks of her husband's
finders and he had choked her so hard
that she had great difficulty in speaking.
"Thursday night," she said, ''he choked
me till I was almost unconscious and
threatened to throw a burning lamp at
me. If it had not been for my screams I
j believe he would have done it." Last night
j he again choked roe and threatened to kill
!me with a big carving-knife. I believe be
would have done so if I had not run out
of the house."
Zang was arrested yesterday on a charge
of battery.
»—«» — «. — ♦
LABOR DAY CELEBRATION.
San Francisco Labor Council Will Hold
Exercises at Metropolitan Temple.
A fitting celebration of Labor day will
be held at Metropolitan Temple under the
auspices of the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil, in affiliation with the American Fed
eration of Labor. Monday evening. The
Labor Council is the central labor body of
the City, composed cf delegates from the
various trades unions.
At the present time its membership is
fifty delesates, representing twenty
unions, having a total membership of
7000.
The officers of the council are as follows:
■ President. T. F. Burns; vice-pretident, J.
i Hill; recording and corresponding secre
tary. Ed Rosenberg; financial secretary,
Joseph Walters; treasurer, W. C. Acker
man.
The Labor day committee is composed
of C. Sbuppert, W. Macarthur, T. F.
! Burns, J. Hill, Thomas Hurd, Ed Rosen
berg and W. C. Ackerman.
A most interesting musical and literary
programme has been prepared for the oc
casion, including an address by the Key.
j Anna H. Shaw.
HELD FOR FORGERY.
Norman Schuller, the Young Broker,
Waives Hi* Examination.
Norman Bchuller, the young broker,
waived examination on tbe charge of
forgery yesterday morning ' and Judge
Conlan held him to answer before the
Superior Court in $5003 bonds.
Attorney John C. Hughe3 recited the
details of the transaction between him
and Schuller. Hughes testified that he
discounted a promissory rote for Schuller
I for $5000 which purported to be signed by
B. D. Murphy of Ban Jose and to be in
dorsed by T. W. Murphy and Mrs. It. T.
Carroll. The signatures, he claimed, were
forged.
Private Detective Stilwell, who arrested
Schuller, testified that Schuller virtually
! admitted that be committed the forgeries,
saying that he bad forged notes whenever
he was in want of fund?. •
COGNET KICKED BY MADDOX.
Two Attorneys Engage in a Quarrel
About a Cane.
Joseph T. Cognet, an attorney, smarting
from an indignity to bis feelings and a
j kicking to his Derson, , administered by
j Attorney C. H. Maddox, swore to a com
plaint in Judge Low's court yesterday,
charging Maddox with battery.
Cognet had some business transaction
with Maddox in the latter's office, 405 Cal
ifornia street, yesterday morning. After
he left he missed his cane and returned
for it. Maddox told him the cane was not
there and they bad some words.
"Then," said Cognet, "he grabbed me
by the throat, threw me down and kicked
me. I begged him to desist and he lifted
me up and bustled me out of his office."
... ' / » * » .' . . -
Young men or old should not fall to read Thomas
Slater's advertisement on page 32.
FROM PULPIT,
VESTRY AND PEW.
Rev. Frank S. Ford's Plan
of Church Organi
zation.
UPON A MILITARY BASIS.
Cornerstone of Westminster Pres
byterian Church to Be
Laid.
DR. CHALMERS EASTON IS BACK.
Episcopalians in the Northern Part of
the State Want a Diocese of
Their own.
Rev. Frank S. Ford, the new pastor of
the First Christian Church on Twelfth
REV. FRANK S. FORD, the New Pastor of the First
Christian Church.
[Sketched from life by a " Call " artisL]
street, believes in military organization as
the basis of chnrcb. work. He pnt the
plan successfully into operation at Madera,
and he intends to try it here.
"It is quite Biraple," he said yesterday.
"The plan is a triangle with the pastor as
tbe apex. He has three, or five, or seven
deacons or elders in immediate touch with
him, and they have subdivisions of work
ers who are in touch wiih them, so that
the pastor can set tbe whole force in mo
tion in half an hour if necessary. Yon
see the parish is divided into wards or
precincts, in each of which dwells a mem
ber of one of the rubdivisions, always
ready for action. There is a stranger com
mittee, for instance, which has the over
sight of all people that come to town, and
visits the hotels and boarding-houses in
search of strangers. This committee helps
visitors to secure locations or homes, and
assisrs them in getting acquainted with
tradespeople, etc.
•'The social committee gets acquainted
with every one in tne parish, and, through
the stranger committee, it knows the
people who come to town. Efforts are
being made to bring strangers to church,
and wlien they come it is the duty of this
committee to see that they are well
looked after. Each district contains a
member of each of these committees, and
of all the other church committees as
well, and the deacon" in charge of each
district is in immediate communication
with the pastor."
Key. Frank S. Ford will outline his plan
of church work in his sermon this morn
ing. The new pastor, who is still quite a
young man, is a native son. He gradu
ated at Washington College and afterward
took a cost graduate course in theology at
Kentucky University. He has already
had padtorates at Madera and at Pacific
Grove. He comes to the First Christian
Church for three months, and if he does
not remain longer than that time will go
East to take charge of an institutional
church.
The corner stone of tbe New Westmin
ster Presbyterian Church, at the corner of
Page and Webster streets, will be laid at
11 o'clock on Wednesday morning. Mr.
Greenwood, the chairman of the building
committee, and Charles Geddes, the arch
itect, will iay the stone; Rev. Dr. Minton,
the pastor of the church, will be tbe mas
ter of ceremonies, and Dr. Coyle of Oak
laud will be one of the chief speakers on
the occasion. All the Presbyterian pas
tors from around tbe bay have been in
vited to be present.
The Rev. Dr. CnalmersEaston of Wash
ington, D. C, formerly pastor of Calvary
Presbyterian Church of thia City, will oc
cupy the pulpit of Trinity Presbyterian
Church, corner of Capp and Twenty-third
streets, to-day, and also through this
month and October, during the absence of
the regular pastor, Rev. J. Cumming
Smith.
An effort is being made among the
Episcopalians of the northern part of the
state to convert what has been known as
the jurisdiction of Northern California
into a diocese. It is understood that $10,
-000 has been promised by some Eastern
friends if this State can raise the same
amount for tne purpose. It is particu
larly in Del Norte County and the north
ern part of Humboldt that Episcopalians
seem to desire more spiritual ministra
tions. Bishop "Wiugoeld has for years
heen in the habit of limiting his pastoral
visitations to Eureka. Of late years.
Bishop Morris of Oregon has passed at
very rare periods through Del Norte
County and has ministered to the faithful
of the Episcopalian flock, who have taken
advantage of his coming to be confirmed
and have their children baptized.
The Bishop of New York has sent over
to England one of his clergy to spend a
month in studying the methods of the
Mission to Seamen among sailors afloat
and ashore. This has made the Pacific
Churchman of this City urge the need of
the whole Episcopal church of the United
States forming one general society for sup
plying church ministrations to seamen.
The mission to seamen at present is main
taining a chaplain for San Francisco har
bor, Rev. Arthur Fell, whose sailors' in
stitute at 37 Steuart street has been such a
conspicuous success.
The First Danish Norwegian Baptist
Church on Twanty-h'fth avenue, East Oak
land, will be dedicated on the 6th.
Rev. J. F. Moody of Willows has been
invited to the pastorate ol the First Bap
tist Church, Alameda, wnere he has been
preaching for the past few weeks, or since
the resignation of Rev. W. T. Jordan.
MISSION DEFENSE CLUB.
Political Attractions Cause a Diminu-
tion in tbe Attendance.
The attendance at the Mission Defense
Club last night at Twentieth and Guerrero
streets was not as large as on former occa
sions. The cause of this diminution was
the political attractions downtown. The
greater number of the club members went
to hear General Barnes, while some went
out of curiosity to loos on at Buckley's
convention.
In the absence of tbe president John
Bolger, the vice-president, occupied the
chair.
In consequence of the appropriation
having been recommended by the Finance
Committee of the Board of Supervisors for
$200,000 for the erection of a high school,
the matter of the lurtner consideration of
that question was on motion stricken from
the catalogue of "cause," which has been
before the club.
All other subject?, such as the proposed
park and boulevard and Ocean View sewer
age, still remain to be attended to until
the much sought for relief is obtained.
The committee which was appointed on
hall accommodation reported tnat the hall
now occupied at Twentieth and Guenero
ffiSHgS^a-sf-s
ACCIDENT TO A BICYCLIST.
Harry J. Mnsgrore Runs Against a Pile
of Hocks.
Harry J. Musgrove went out for a
ride on his bicycle last night and
while going down hill on Seventeenth
street, near Guerrero, at a rattling pace he
H« tO Pile of rocks on the roadway,
lie was thrown headlong among the
headend*. he W<l^ badly CUt about the face.
at iou t legs - , He * as ttank ° n to his home
at 1014 Twenty-fourth strict and a phvsi
£t! ** mmoQed ' The bio ** l9 was smashed
into pieces.
■ NaW TO-DAY 2
DO '
YOD
SUFFER?
\
We can help you.
Write to us in confidence,
and if we cannot help you,
we will say so.
. Nine years' experience has
proven to us that we have
The Greatest
Medicine in
The World.
Try it, and you will find
our claim to be amply justi-
fied.
Thousands have been
cured by it and are being
cured daily. The medicine
is —
WM. RADAM'S
MICROBE
KILLER,
Call in person or write re-
garding your case. We will
furnish you, free of all
charge, with the fullest in-
formation.
Young or old, of either
sex, need not hesitate to in-
quire into the merits of a
remedy possessing the un-
doubted power to relieve
them from further suffering.
late hours, unnatural excitement, breath-
ing impure air, rich food, alcoholic drink,
gouty, rheumatic and other blood poisons,
furnish colds, biliousness, sick headache,
skin eruptions, want of appetite, etc.
USE
RADAM'S
MICROBE
If 1 1 I m
KILLER,
IMLLLiIi
It is pleasant, cooling,
health giving, refreshing
and invigorating — and is
guaranteed absolutely harm-
less and free from poisonous
drugs.
Pamphlet of testimonials
free.
Every woman should write
for our Special Circular for
Ladies Only.
RADII'S MICROBE KILLER CO.
MAIN OFFICE:
1340 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
BRAN CHEB :
456 S. Broadway, Los Angeles, Cal.
123 South First St., San Jose, Cal.
1010 Front St., Seattle, Wash.
360 Morrison St.. Portland, Or.
And of All Drugs**** on the Pacific
Coast,FREE TRADE RUINS CALIFORNIA FARMERS.
lt is a well-known fact that the effect of j
tba free trade policy of the Democrats as j
fxpio-sed in the Wilson bill has had a j
disastrous effect in California. A calm !
*tUffy cf the results by Californians as
'Jalilornians, irrespective oi their party
Vliefs, convinces the multitude of labor
ers in workshop and field that the one pol
icy that insures prosperity to California
is the American. system of thorough pro
tection.
All through th* San Joaqnin Valley and
in the rich regions of the Sacramento the
farmers and horticulturists know that
\ here lias been a marked depreciation of
farm values and the values of farm pro
ducts under the reign of Cleveland, the
reign that Bryan and Wilson's other ora
torical companions heralded as the coun
try's salvation.
The man out of a job and the man who
cannot sell his products know full well
that free trade in a few important items
has ruined their business, and they know,
too, that there would be universal bank
ruptcy if the policy of the free-trade
Democracy were applied to anything like
%11 of the great staples of the country'
It is evident to any one who telks with
the farmers of the State and mingles
freely with the great industrial classes
that free-traders are now very scarce'
that men who were once sanguine that
Clerelandism would benefit the country
are now confident that ruin has followed
two years of free trade. They know full
well that capital has become alarmed and
labor discouraged under a brief reign of
free trade, and are beginning to see the
wisdom of the Republican policy which
Advocates a stern adherence to American
principles.
The way that cheap products work ruin
when brought from afar was recently
POPULISTS FLOCK
TO McKINLEY
They Want Protection,
Sound Money and
Prosperity.
TIRED OF THEIR PARTY.
Men Who Figured Prominently
on the People's Ticket Last
Election.
ARDEHT REPUBLICANS NOW.
f. B. Robinson and B K. Collier, Once
Leaders of Populism, Tell Their
Stories.
The Populist leaders are deserticg their
camp. They will have no more of Popu*
Hmii. They have felt the power of con
viction and are now ardent supporters of
McKinley and the power behind him —
protection, sound money and therefore
prosperity.
Men who no later than two years ago
Tvent through the heat of a political cam
paign as candidates on the Populist ticket
have foresworn their allegiance to the
Populist party. Fusion and free silver
proved too much for them, so they are Re
publicans fighting under the banner of pro
tection, sound money and prosperity.
One of the most notable of these trans
formed Populists is J. B. Robinson, the
chimney-pipe manufacturer on Market
street, who was a very formidable candi
date for Supervisor on the Populi3t ticUet
two years ago. He declares that it is a
priceless privilege to vote for McKinley.
Diacusdng his stand in favor of Republi
canism, yesterday, he said:
"Two years ago I was a candidate on the
Populist ticket for Supervisor of the
Twelfth Ward and polled n vote of nearly
13,000, the largest number of votes of any
man on the ticket, except Mayor Sutro.
He of course poiled enough votes to elect
him.
"Now, I'm out for McKinley, for protec
tion and sound money. Don't forget that
— protection; that is the main issue. I
came from a manufacturing district. Can
ton, Ohio, the same town as Major Mc-
Kinley comes from. We had plenty of
work there, and eood wa^es under protec
tion always. I was foreman aud superin
tendent of one shop there for thirteen
years, in tbe employ of one firm. There
was a change of at least 25 per cent in
wages, as one of the results of breaking
down protection.
"When I beard that McKinley was
nominated I telegraphed him that after
noon my congratulations, and told him
that the country would have a Christian
President, because he is a thoroughly
good man, and if ever there has been a
more beautiful or more noble man before
the people for the same length of time as
he I don't know it- He has baen in poli
tics over twenty years, and there is not a
black spot on him. After it all I don't be
lieve he is worth more than $20,000.
"Bryan, I suppose, is also a good man
personally, bnt when he has undertaken
to give us free trade and free silver he has
given us a dose that we cannot swallow.
We have had an experience in that line,
and I think we should have them in
homeopathic doses, if at all.
"I heard Major McKinley make his first
political speecu. It was at a flag presen
tation in Canton. To sum up, I consider
it a ereat privilege to vote for a man whom
I know to be go pure and so clean as he."
Another ex-Populist who has joined the
ranks of the Republican party is B. K.
Collier, the attorney. He was one ot the
most enthusiastic Populists in San Fran
cisco, and received the nomination for the
Fourth Congressional District two years
since on the People's party ticket. But he
wants no more of the Populists. He ex
plained his reasons for changing as fol
lows:
"I am going to support McKinley right j
through, and I have very good reasons for .
it, too.
"The Republican partyand the People's j
party in the South are the oDly parties j
that either desire or endeavor to nave a ;
free ballot and a faircount, and the Demo
cratic party in every Southern State is j
owned and controlled by a lot of ballot- I
box stuffers. In 1892 the National Rspub- j
lican Committee assisted our ticket bom
with funds and with speakers, and it |
showed me that at least in the South the
Republican party was anxious to have a
fair count.
"In November, 1893, I came to Cali
fornia, and in 1894 made the campaign
against Shannon and Maguire on the
People's party ticket. I've read th« plat- i
forms of all the parties and am fully con
vinced that the present standard of money
should be maintained, as I cannot see
how the free coinage of silver at 16 to 1 !
will give employment to the idle people in I
this country. I think Mr. McKialey i
Facts Which Show How Agriculturists Fail When
Manufacturers Are Hurt by
Bad Laws.
shown with great clearness by Senator '
Dolph, who said:
"The market in European countries for
our breadstuffs at best is a limited one. It
is only to supply the fluctuating dericien-
cles in their production to meet their de-
mands for consumption. Many European 1
countries are making systematic efforts to !
increase their production by more j
thorough cultivation. New regions, where
labor is abundant and cheap, are being ex-
plored and brought under cultivation and
made accessible by new transportation
lines. The-British Government is aiding
in the construction of railroads in India j
to open up a market for the products
of the rich soil of that province raised by
cheap labor, and in other ways is en-
couraginj; increased production. Russia,
by better methods and better transportat
tion facilities, is largely increasing her
production of wheat. The Argentine Re-
publ:c, with the advantage of cheap labor,
and with a soil and climate adapted to
wheat growing, is being settled and placed
under cultivation, and is producing an an-
nually increasing surplus of agricultural
' products to compete with ours. Africa is
being explored and opened to civilization, I
-and her virgin soil may yet be taxed to |
supply the wants of European and Asiatic J
countries. j
"The foreign price of agricultural prod- '
struck the keynote when he said that 'we j
need open mills rather than op«n minis' ; |
for no man can get money unless he earns i
it, and no man can earn it unless he has I
an opportunity to work, and the idle people
of tills country will never get work unless
American industries are protected by a
high tariff.
"I consider that Mr. Brvan owes his
nomination to Southern Democrats, and
he doubtless, if elected, would be under
their influence and their control. If the
Democratic platform were enacted into
law we would simply go one step further
toward free trade, and free trade is some
thing that <»very American should vote
against. I decided over four months ago
to support the Republican ticket on ac
count of its high protective ideas, and long
before I ever knew that McKinley would
be nominated. Now that McKinley is
nominated I feel it is the duty of every
American citizen to support the Republi
can party. "
DURRANT'S APPEAL.
He Will Be Allowed to Keraain in the
County Jail Until the Supr.-me
Court Takes Action.
Chief Justice Beatty of the Supreme
Court yesterday issued the following writ
of probable cause in the case of the people
against William Henry Theodore Dur
rant, now under sentence of death for the
crime of murder in the first degree:
I, W. H. Beatty, Chief Justice of the Su
preme Court of the state of California, do
Hereby certify that in my opinion there is
probable cause for the appeal of said defend
ant in the above entitled action.
W. H. B Hatty,
Chief Justice of th c Suprems Court
This little document means much to the
young man adjudged guilty of "the
crime of the century." It means that
pending his appeal he will not co to San
Quentin, and furthermore, acts as a bar to
all furtier proceedings in the lower court
in connection with the case until the ap
peal shall have been decided. It is con
sidered probable that tbe appeal will be
heard by the Supreme Court at its ses
sion in Los Anceles next month.
HORACE GASH'S COIN.
His Heirs After $25,200 He Gave
to the Children of Joseph
Kahn.
Romantic Story of the Fortune That
Rewarded the Kindnesses of a
Friend.
Horace Gasqoet, a storekeeper of Del
Norte County, who recently died at St.
Mary's Hospital in this City, left a large J
estate, over a portion of which there will
probably be a great deal of litigation.
Gasquet accumulated a fortune during I
the last twenty-iive years as a dealer in
general merchandise at Happy Camp and
Central City, and durins that time was a
patron of the firm of Porter, Slessinger
&, Co. of this City. Believing in their hon
esty, he was in the habit, of depositing
with them large fums of money, prefer
ring that they should handle it rather
than deposit the money in bank.
In January last Gasquet fell ill and was
brought to San Francisco for treatment.
At that time he had on deposit with
Porter, Slessinger & Co. $25,200. Gas
quet subsequently died and when the ex
ecutors of nis will sought to obtain the
money they found it had been drawn by
Joseph Kahn, a member of the firm, to
[ whose care the coin had been intrusted.
The Probate Court of Del Norte County
issued a citation commanding Mr. Kahn
to explain the matter and the explanation
was raaae yesterday before Judge Coffey.
It seems that Kahn was the favored
member of his banking firm in Gasquet'a
eyes and that when the storekeeper made
his annual visits to San Francisco he was
in the habit of dining at Kahn's residence
and accompanying his host to the theaters
and other places of amusement. At the
Kahn domicile tbe countryman became
acquainted with Percy D. "Kahn, the 19
-| year-old son of the shoe merchant, and
with Fannie, hi? 12-year-old daughter.
On the stand yesterday Mr. Kahn pro
duced a letter dated January 12, 1896,
written immediately after Gasquet arrived
at St. Mary's Hospital, asking him to call
and see him, as he was very sick. Kaiin
testified tnat he did so and that he made
his old friend as comfortable as possible
and procured several prjysicians for him. ;
Gasquet the next day, so Mr. Kahn testi- ,
ned, said he was not satisfied with his
will, made some time previously, and that '
he wanted to leave something to Kahn's '
cbildren, of whom he was very fond. The I
result of the conversation was that on I
January 14 Gasquet signed & check on i
Porter, Slessincer & Co., rtrawn in favor
of Joseph Kahn. for $25,200, the total sum
he had on deposit. This check Kahn sub- :
sequently cashed. <
The Del Norte County heirs assert that •
the money does not rightfully belong to i
Kami or his children and are making <
Ktreuuous efforts to recover it. The hear
ing of tho matter will be continued on !
Thursday next.
Professor Grigg*' Lectures.
Professor Edward Howard Griggs will de- I
liver two lectures under the auspices of tho
Unity Club of the Second Unitarian Church,
Twentieth and Capp streets, on the evenings of
September 8 and '2.1, The subject of the first
lecture is "A Walk in Florence," and of the
second "Self-Culture In the Vocation." The
price of tickets is 25 cents, which cun be had
of members or at the door.
Our new presses, insuring good and cheap
I printing, are here. Sanborn, Vail &. Co. .
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUN DAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
ucts will be determined by the supply
from all these sources,competing with our
own surplus, and is beyond our power to
control. .But the home market is ours by
right. We can control that. We can, by
fostering manufacturing industries at
home, increase the home demand for
agricultural products and by maintaining
the protective system can save the farmer
from ruinous competition at home with
the cheap-labor products of other coun
tries.
The farmers of the entire Union, and •
particularly those of California, now know I
to their sorrow the truth of Senator ]
Dolph's portrayal. They understand that
the destruction of great factories, the
desolation of thousandsof Eastern homen,
bas forced the country to underconsump
ion of agricultural products, which is one
of the chief reasons lor dull times in Cali
iornia and all over the Union.
The way that protection helps farm
laborers and the country in general, rais
ing also the wages of mechanics, was re
cently shown in a concise manner by the
American Protective Tariff League. They
showed conclusively that in 1860, the last
year of a revenue tariff, there were 1,311,
246 persons employed in nianufacturing,
mechanical and mining occupations, nc
cording to the census, for the tables
headed "manufactures" then included me-
THE STRANGE
MEN OF MARS
Professor Alvin G. Clark
Has Been Looking at
Their Big Canals. ,
DO PEOPLE LIVE THERE 1
The Great Telescope-Maker On
the Wonders of the Near-By
Planet.
WHAT HE SAW AT FLAGSTAFF.
The Canals Made to Bring Ihe Melted
Snows From the Polar Regions
for Irrigation.
Professor Alvin G. Clark, the famous
maker of telescope lenses, whose home is
at Cambridgeport, Mass., arrived hero yes-
Professor Alvin G. Clark, the Great Maker of Telescope Lenses, Now
Here, "Who Has Been Looking at the Canals of Mars.
[kkttched from life by a "Call" artist.]
terday, accompanied by his daughter, and
is at the Palace.
Professor Clark has made all the lenses
for the great telescopes of the world. Ho
made the large glass for the Lick tele-,
scope, which is 36 inches in diam
eter "in the clear"; the Peroival Lowell
rlass, Flagstaff, 24 inches; the 30-inch
glass for the Puikovu Observatory, in
Russia, and the great Yerkes lens for the
Chicago University, at Lake Geneva.
His house was founded nearly sixty
years ago, largely incidentally and acci
dentally. The house was then as now
Alvin Clark & Sons, and Professor Clark,
the father of tho present Professor Alvin
G. Clark, began making the lenses in a
small way.
With these glasses he began to discover
what he believed to be new stars, includ
ing many double stars. He could not
nnd out definitely about all of them, for
the professor at Harvard to whom he ap
plied did not like to admit the discoveries.
Mr. Clark then applied to the Rev. W. R.
Dawes of England, the greatest authority
on fixed stars then known. Mr. Dawes at
once informed him that he had made
many new discoveries.
He, therefore, paid hi 3 attention to
larger telescoDes, and the bouse through
all the years has continued to make bigger
chanics, miners and quarrymen. In 1880
the tables of manufactures, mining and
quarrying account for 2,992,793 workers.
The number wes about four persons for
every 100 of the population in 1860, and
abotit p.iz persons for every 100 of the
population in 18S0. In addition to the
gain resulting from increase in population
there was a gain of 50 per cent in these in
dustries, due to the National policy.
"The first effect is that for every 100
farm workers there were about 26 persons
encaged in manufacturing and .Tain ing in
1860, but in 1880 about 40 persons lor every
100 farmers. Thus was created a double
home djmand for food, as respects per
sons employed in these industries, and far
more than a double demand for materials
of farm production. In this way wages of
farm labor were raised in spite of an
enormous immigration.
"The workers in new manufacturing
establishments need houses, furnitur* and
all the products of mechanical works. For
every mechanic in 1860 there were about
two persons engaged in manufacturing
and mining; in 1880 lor every mechanic
there were at least three such person sde
rr.nnding nis services. But that is not all;
a vast number of the mechanics them
selves found employment in the new
manufacturing works, so that the in
creased demand for other mechanical
lenses and more improved telescopes, till
it has reached its present great fame.
Professor Clark was for seven weeks at
the Percival Lowell Observatory, near Flag
staff, and afterward put in two or three
weeks about Los Angeles. He will return
to Flagstaff soo::.
"Professor Lowell has made a great
many discoveries down there," said .Mr.
Clark, "and while 1 was there I put In con
siderable time for awiiile in searching for
stars. 1 think I discovered several double
stars that were new to science. I nave no
doubt about it.
"Besides this 1 examined Mar: through
the telescope a good deal and distinctly
saw the canals discovered by Schiapparelli.
They were very plain. The idea is that
these canals were made to conduct the
melting snows from the polar regions for
purposes of irrigation. Professor Lowell
is a firm believer that by human intelli
gence these canals were constructed and
of course believing this, he believes firmly
that there are men in Mars. . , ; . i . J
"Mars, you know, is one of the nearest
of all thenlanets to the earth. I think it
not improbable that we shall yet make tel
escopes tnat will see more clearly into
Mars and enable us to discover the strange
builders of the canals. The%» canals are
adjudged to be at least fifteen miles wide.
They would have to be, under the circim
stances, to enable us to see them. But
what we really see is the fringe of trees
(wooded growth) nlons their sides.
"Professor Lowell has written a book
about these canals and their builders as
he understands them, and is now writing
another one. In order to get a good idea
of his views one should read his book. I
am going down to Flagstaff again and I am
going to study Mars more carefully. Mr.
Lowell is full of the subject. He thinks
there are both men and canals there.
"His observatory is shortly to be re
moved to the City of Mexico, where he can
get clearer air. I think he will begin
moving it inside of six weeks. As for my
self I think probably the best place for an
observatory in the whole country Is on
Mount Wilson, Los Angeles County. I
whs there a few years a?o and with aiour
inch telescope was enabled in the clear at
mosphere to see thin?s I would not have
dreamed possible. There is no better
place to my mind in the world to make
discoveries.
"Professor See, who fa at the Flagstaff
Observatory, lias found many new double
ttara. I think he is last becoming one of
the greatest of astronomers. I look for
great developments in the power of tele
scopes and in their discoveries during the
next few years."
Park Music To-Day.
The following programme for the open-air
concert in Golden Gate Park has been ar
ranged:
Ovcrtnre,l"Semiramide". ....Posslni
Fantasia, "Cnghereae" Rironli
"Scenes from Meflstofele" Boito
Selection, "Traviata"..... ..-. :..... Verdi
liarouucuoii and Sicilian*. .„;....... .
•'Cavallerla Itusilcanu"..... Man-'-afrnl
"DanzaFantastica"..... .'..Gerosa
"Scenes from Pagilucrl" Leoncavallo
Allegro finale "William Te11".... Kojsini
A Xheosophical
Dr. W. W. Gamole will lecture before the
Theosophical Society tliis evening at 8 o'clock
in Golden Gate 11*11, 029 Sutler street. Sub
ject, '-The Other Side of Death."
Do not fall to read Thomas Slater's advertise
ment on page 32 for men.
works fell to a smaller part of the whole
number. Thus thedemand for mechanical
labor not in manufactures and mining was
more than double, and the wages of
mechanics were thus advanced.
"Finally, the development of manufac
tures and of mining employed 1,700,000
persons who were not so employed in 1860,
and who, but for that development, must
have sought wotk in mechanical trades or
in farming. Had half of them gone into
farming, increasing by more than a tenth
the number of farm-workers, must not
that have depressed the wages of farm
labor? Had the other half gone into me
chanical trades, increasing by 80 per cent
the number of mechanics, must not the
depression in wages of such labor have
been severe?
"Thus it is that the increased demand
and increased wages for labor in one de
partment have affected with incalculable
blessing labor in every other department
of industry. And so a free-trade policy,
by closing thousands of factories, mills
and mines which protection has opensd,
and turning out of employment workers
numbering a million or more, compelling
them to seek work in farming or in me
chanical trades, must cause a frightful de
pression in the wages of all labor."
It is such facts as the foregoing that
have led many thoughtful Democrats to
abandon CJevelandisrn and embrace the
sound doctrines of protection, the history
of which shows that progress is its un
erring companion. It is this quiet reac
tion of thought in the minds of the masses
that promises to make William McKinley
the next President of the United States.
When the people fully understand th«
extent to which the great agricultural
classes are dependent upon the general
prosperity of other classes, and that
artisans and the general population can
not prosper under free trade, the advo
cates of that doctrine in America will be
as rare as the friends of any other ancient,
exploded cause.
COURIERS CROSS
A HIGH TRESTLE
The Amazing Venture Was
Taken by Ohio
Riders.
ARRIVE AT CLEVELAND.
Major McKinley's Representative
Promptly Signed the
Packet.
COTJRIEES IN NEW YORK STATE
Heavy Rains Impede Progress—Desti
nation Will Be Reached Early
Monday Morning.
The bicycle relay packet of the San Fran
cisco Examiner and New York Journal is
now in Western New York. Heavy rains
and muddy roads yesterday rendered high
speed impossible, but in the face of many
obstacles the couriers made good time.
The packet anived at Believur?, Ohio,
yesterday at 5:43 a. m. ; Oberlin, 9:39 a. m. ;
Elyria. 10:16 a. m.; Cleveland, 11:41 a. m. ;
Painesville, 1:50 p. m. ; Madison 2:30 r. m. ;
Geneva, 2:43 p. si. ; Ashtabula, 3:17 p. it. ;
Conueaut, 4:12 p. m. ; Erie, Pa., 7:oi p. m. ;
Westfield, N. V., 9:51 p. m.
The following special dispatches to the
Examiner recites incidents of yeiterday'a
ride:
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. s.— Heavy rains all
over ihe relay route. Ten miles an hour the
• •til that can De made.
( Ii.VKI.WI', Ohio, Supi. s.— Major McKin
ley.wbo la detained at Canton, lias deputed
Jame< R. iJiiiin of Massillon to giitu the packet
for him on arrival of relay at Cleveland.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. s.— Charles F.
Storey, who will carry the packet from Euclid
Creek to WliloxigbbT, will have to ride the
LaKe Shore Kaiiroad tracks all the way. ten
miles, owing to road being flooded.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. s.— S'.orey tele
phones that he was obliged to walk three
miles toget to tilt station. That means a walk
of throe miles for the courier between Cleve
land mid Euclid Creek.
CLEVELAND, OHIO, Sept. s.— Relay changed
here at 11:41 a. m., niter making splendid
time over vile roads. Major McKmley's repre
sentative antl the Postmaster did their work so
quickly that the packet was delayed only 30
nconds.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. s.— The Painesville
trestle, thirty miles east or here, is 3l)O feet
high and a mile long, with a single track elec
tric-motoT railroad. Otliciais will station flag
men at each end to keep truck clear lor relay.
The courier crossed the trestle and arrived at
Painesrille at 1 :5O p. n.
I'AINKSVILLE, Ohio, Set>t s.— Couriers on
Painesville division are doing wonders in spite
of rain and muddy roads. They have covered
the eleven miles to Madison, Including a long
and iteep hill, in 35 minutes.
ASHTABULA, Ohio, Sent. s.— Bond's time
from Geneva to Asatabula, ten miles, was 33
minutes. Roads were vile. The courier had
to walk across a new bridge building at Say
brook, and took a header just before reaching
relay station here. Elwell, substitute, came
in ten minutes later, lie icll twice and broke
two spokes.
BUFFALO, N. V., Sept. s.— Relay now in
ninth district. Raining bard. Roads in bad
shape. Left Erie at 7:05 p. M. probably
reach Rochester about 7 a. m.
Major McKinley, in delegating James
R. Dunn to si/n the packet, expressed the
hope that the relay enterprise would prove
successful.
The striking incident of yesterday's
relay woik was the crossing of the high
tresil3 near Painesville by Couriers Gif
ford and Edmund Smith. The officials cf
the Cleveland and Painesville electric
road were amazed at the daring scheme.
Many j>eople assembled at the gorge
whicn is bridged by the trestle to see the
riders. When midway on the trestle Gif
ford fell, but the trailing courier passed
on. Gilford then recovered himself and
the two crossed safely.
Rochester, 300 miles from New York
City, will he readied early this morning.
The packet is still behind tho schedule
time, but should arrive at its destination
early to-morrow morning.
LI WILL NOT COME.
The Chinese Viceroy Will Return to
Hit Home by Way of
Canada.
Li Hung Chang, the Chinese Viceroy,
has decided definitely that he will not
visit this coast in response to Mayor Su
tro's invitation.
The following telegram received at the
Chamber of Commerce yesterday is self
explanatory :
Washington, D. C, Sept. 4, 1896.
Mayor Adoiph Sutro and Messrs. Hugh Craig
and A. A. IVatkins, San Francisco: The Chinese
KmbaMador presents his compliments, and re
grets his inability to accept the very hospitable
invitation ot the City oi San Francisco, Cham
ber of Commerce and Board of Trade, as he is
returning home via Canada.
Lo Fang Sdh,
E. B. Drew,
Secretaries of Embassy.
___ NSW TO-DAT. _^^_
LADIES!
YOUR PIN MONEY WILL BRING TWICE ITS VALUE
CREDITORS' SALE
OF THE ELEGANT, CLEAN, EXTENSIVE STOCK OF DRY GOODS OF
104-106-108 Kearny St.
THE BEDROCK OF PRICES REACHED.
All I/O SPECIAL THIS WEEK. Elegant satin an« jrros-erain grounds, latest design*.
uSI IV IN Brocaded Silks: all large patterns; sold elsewßere for $1 60. Our price, 75c a yard.
UfittMlmwa >'=;:^ :•;->; •. : •
(fa BTi I" ft ft AAARA All-wool goods for 15c a yard. ■ 40-inch nil-wool goods for 250
nSKP^% B«P B^ a yard. Now lnvoico Fall Suits, sold elsewhere lor 10 to $25
I yllty 0 &3 *3 «* a* ■ a suit, our price $3 to $7 50 a suit.
HI IVan pnilir A n SPECIAL THIS WEEK— Ladies- Swiss Bibbed Vests, sold else-
-oim 1 1 fa If W li m. where for 65c and 7oc each, our price 35c each.
v II v i> n if c n n ■
nAOinPAfIAA 15c Mama Cloths still selling at 6 Vac a yard. 4-4 Lonsdale Muslin
DGISESTIGS. still selling at 5c a yard.
THE ABOVE ARE A FEW PRICES,
BUT THE OTHER BARGAINS ARE COUNTLESS. 1
-
QDPriAI NIATIfP ON THURSDAY NEXT, September 10, wo will begin ■
JrCWInL nUIIWC. series of surprises- LADIES, BE ON HAND.
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR BARGAINS?
They Are To Be Found at , 104-106-108 Kearny Street.
'"" "bv : _*se"n mNfo"? h'iV" s ijbs c~rj f f Ton" js E a nTT_~sl_g d"]^ "fjT J"h*e -"1
jjjjjjjj io^^i^^^^g^
I ||SH Up chahus c «o»c. Pubir.ht/^^vi^^ •uMCtimon suuii j j
!c!l fsbP^' NO ~- (WfllO.rtßmirti.rato 225 J/s£d6 ££*ie*Z?, **** iC t
***r*tu.Mutjauomuut. Anmattat*. •1 i
Pill * §mPMm u °* II
1 Q IBM H»'/*»" HNM l hereby subscribe Five Dollars for one copy of "OUR SOCIETY" \O J
1 5 [ jUg^affi'^. ,?,,_.. t BLUE BOOK forthe season of 1896-7 payable to the publisher ox Ordei; }Ji |
I ° J^"* BSSai^^SB*^a on delivery before Chrisfta«».iS9^ j^l
St., I* told by subscription. !£ I
'i, Advance Orders only . * > I
Iqi- Will bo recognized, >3 * < •
I I the edition it limited to XT.m* ■ - •"» »
111 the class of people for , ..- » • J
I^l which the work is ape- . . ./. . T !
I^l cially Intended. - , I
I « Subscribers will find • ..., — • - a -i
I •v_ blanks enclosed. Addrea. • 1 — • J
! BLUE" BOOK OFFICE! YOu"wTLl~RErEfvrAa)pr *j
C- ...----—-— — — ...--—- — — - ———— — -——— —————— »——-- — - — — -—»—--»—-—»»>»— »^«»»»«<
A Noted Physician, Dr. Cook, Whose Cures Are Remarkable.
The subject of this sketch, Dr. Cook, is a
physician of no ordinary attainments. He
is a true specialist, one who reflects honor
and dignity upon the profession to which
his life is devoted. His long and brilliant
record in behalf of suffering humanity en
titles him to take rank among the leading
medical lights of the world. He is to
America what Sir Astley Cooper was to
England, Ricord to France, Koch to Ger
many or Roentgen to Austria.
The deep knowledge and expert skill of
Dr. Cook is universally recognized, and is
now being fully appreciated by the sick
people of San Francisco and throughout
the Western United States.
Among the vast multitude who have re
cently sought and secured relief from this
noted healer are many who had for years
struggled in vain against the ravages of
disease; many upon whom other doctors
had repeatedly experimented and repeat
edly failed ; many who had given ud all
hope of .ever again being blessed with
sound health, but who after receiving a
few weeks of careful attention from Dr.
Cook feel that they have been completely
rejuvenated and given a new lease of life.
A glance at Dr. Cook's voluminous file
of testimonials shows that people afflicted
with all sorts of special diseases have been
cured by him. Some were suffering from
ailments of the eye, ear, nose, throat or
brain; some from diseases of the heart,
lungs, liver, stomach, kidneys, bladder or
urinary organs; some from drains, irrita
tions, stricture, syphilis, blood impurities,
varicocele or hydrocele; some from piles,
fistula, rupture or chronic catarrh; some
from the most aggravated forms of female
complaint.
In the cure of all these diseases Dr.
Cook's record is unexcelled, but his private
SOOO
CARNATIONS
Field-Crown From Spring Cuttings
by an Experienced Kastern Florist.
XI VARIETIES
As follows:
Portia, Scarlet Lizzie McGowan 1
Wlllam Scott, 1 Silver Spray. „,».,♦
5, a /. B , r ak> ' I Pink, "insies White, \ W hlte-
Tidal Wave, }•*•"»«• White Win?, J
Grace Wilder, J Gold Fincn.ooid, Yellow.
American Flag— Striped.
These plants are well-grown for Win-
ter bloom, and will be gold to the
trade at reasonable rates. '
T. G. ARMSTROiVG & SON
FLORISTS, ETC,
• Rose Aye. Nurseries.
Addr 8s:
Mills College P. 0., Alameda Co., Cal.
formula for the secret ailments of men is
the crowning glory of his professional ca
reer. It is a treatment known to no other
physician in America. It is distinctly of
his own origin or discovery, and is the re- !
suit of a lifetime of hard work and per
sistent study, diligent research and scien- '
tific investigations In this and foreign
lands. It is purely vegetable in its compo- (
sition and perfectly harmless in its effect.
It does not stimulate temporarily, but re
stores permanently. During the past
twelve months it has been tested on more
than live thousand young, middle-aged
and old men, who, as the result of errors
or excesses, were tortured by the woes of
sexual debility, deformity or decay, and
its success has been but little less tban
miraculous. It never fails,- even in the
worse of cases, to bring back manly power
and to remove every trace or symptom of
weakness.
Although Dr. Cook is an exceedingly
busy man, he has no substitute to repre- |
sent him in a professional capacity. Every
person who applies to his office for treat
meat consults Dr. Cook himself, and no
one else. He goes thoroughly into each
individual case and carefully follows it
through every stage until the patient is |
completely cured. This is one among the
many reasons why Dr. Cook always ob
tains such happy results.
If yon are ailing you should consult Dr.
Cook before you are beyond medical aid, !
Write him if you cannot call at his offise, '
as his system of home treatment by mail
is perfect. His hours are from 9t012a. m.
and 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m., except Sundays,
when they are from 10 to 12 a. m. only.
His office is permanently situated in the
heart of San Francisco, at 865 Market ]
street, opposite the Baldwin Hotel.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL
Ladi s' THE ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St»
OPES U.MIL MIONIGHT.
TAVERN OF CASTLE CRAGS
WILL CLOSE FOR THE SEASOS
ON SEPTEMBER 15, 1896.
GEORGE SCHOXWAtD,
Manager.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
nHAKLES H. - PHILLIPS. ATTOBXET-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 033 Alarkes st- opp>
rue mace Hotel. Telephone 570. tte*Weaq« 1444
910
WILL BURST UP
IN A WILD ROW
Governor Budd and Daggett
Knifing Warren B.
English.
LAST LEGS OF FUSION.
Barlow to Be Sacrificed in Favor
of Harry PattoD of the
Sixth.
MUCH INDIGNATION EXPRESSED
Populists Voted for English and Dem
ocrats for Yarn to Save Patton
and Barlow.
For William B. English— J. W. Heegan,'
I . 31. Landsborongh, J. M. Moore, A.
B. Kinne, • . 31. Wardall, John S. Dore,
Populist* ; Charles D. Lane, W. P.
T.Hwlor and James It *dofT, Silverites.
For A. K. Vann — Eugene N. Deuprey,
H. P. Andrews, Woo'dson Garrard, M. O.
Haatett and Joseph Leggett, Demo
crats.
This was the result of the last ballot cast
last night by the Fusion Conference Com
mittee.
It speaks for itself.
The Democrats were knifing Warren B.
English, Democrat, and by the same act
they were also Knifing C. A. Barlow, Popu
list. The Populists were supporting Eng
lish because that was the only thing they
could do to save Barlow.
The situation was very peculiar, the
Populists being ground to death between
the upper and nether millstones of the
T.irpey English factions of the Alameda
Democracy.
The first thing done by the conference
committee yesterday was to take up the
First, Second and Fourth Congressional
Districts. In the First Monteith had re
fused to withdraw, and the Democratic
nominee. Mr. Cutler of Humboldt, was se
lected as the fusion candidate. In the
Second McGlasban was ignored, and De
Vries, Democrat, was chosen. In the
Fourth Judge Maguire was selected.
Then the third was taken up, and the
Kilkenny cats began to sing. According
to the terms of- the agreement made by
the three parties, it was necessary that the
fusion candidate should receive a two
third majority of each of the delegations,
or tour out of six of the Democrats, four
out of six of the Populists and two out of
the three Silverites. It was also agreed that
the Populists should have three out of the
seven Congressmen and the Democrats
the remainine four.
Now, it is plain that out of tbe four dis
tricts remaining there should be selected
three Populists and one Democrat.
Jim Budd and Dazgett wanted Patton in
the Sixth. Tnere was to be no opposition
to Castle in the Seventh, so that it was
necessary that there should be a Populist
in the Third and Fifth.
That is why the Democrats voted for
Vann, the Populist nominee in the Third.
Then the Populist nominees would be
Vann, Castle, Rogers, or, according to
some accounts, James H. Barry, who was
to be substituted for Rogers in the Fifth
as a Populist.
More than forty ballots were taken, and
the conference adjourned until half-past 7
o'clock this evening.
It is evident that fusion is doomed.
Alameda Democrats are talking of sup
porting Old Pard Bassett, who will run as
an independent.
Barlow's friends were very sore last
night, and the friends of English were
bitter.
FUSION PROCEEDINGS.
What Was Seen and Heard In the
Ante-Room Yesterday.
The fusion conference committee went
into executive session at 2 o'clock yester
day afternoon at the headquarters of tiie
Silver League for the purpose of complet
ing its labors and agreeing upon a fusion
ticket.
The ante-room was filled with an anx
ious crowd wondering when the commit
tee would conclude its labors. United
States Marshal Barry Baldwin made his
appearance at half-past 3 and chatted for
a while with several friends. Warren Eng
lish, Democratic candidate for Congress
from the Third District, remained in the
ante-room ail the afternoon. There were
present also: J. Taylor Roger?, J. W.
Mitchell, J. AsDury Johnson, George \V.
Monteith, Perry Kewen, Prank Moflitt
and other well-known members of the
Democratic and the Fopulist parties.
Marshal Baldwin's presence gave rise to
considerable, comment. He is an ap
pointee of Grover Cleveland, and as such
was naturally suspected to be opposed to
silver monometallism. There Was much
mystery connected with his presence until
it leaked out as a rumor that he was there
to tell the committee about Mr. Mou
teith's connection with the railroad strikers
while he was acting as their attorney. It
also leaked out that he was not there to
give Monteith a certificate of good charac
ter, all of which was, no doubt, highly
pleasing to the Southern Pacific Company.
Before Marshal Barry went into the
committee-room he was approached by
Mr. Mnnteith, who had just come out
Irom his conference with the committee.
"Did you send a man to San Rafael
during the strike to pick up stuff about
me?" demanded Mr. Monteith sternly.
••Bless me, no!" responded Mr. Barry,
with that soft, conciliatory accent that
quelled the mob in Sacramento in 1894.
'•Bless me! 'Tisn't so. I wouldn't be
allowed to do it; indeed."
"I understand," continued Mr. Mon
teith, the severity of his manner increus
ing in intensity, "that Honry S. Foote is
circulating some typewritten statements
concerning me that he claims to have se
cured through your office. He Is doing
this secretly, and I have not been able to
get hold of a copy of them. If I could get
one I would tiave him prosecuted for
libel. There were some Southern Pacilic
detectives up there from this City, I
know."
"But, my dear sir," responded Mr.
Baldwin, "I am not responsible for South
ern Pacific detectives."
"What!" exclaimed Mr. Monteith in the
greatest astonishment, as he narrowly
esvaped tumbling over a chair.
The very disagreeable scene was termi
nated by a summons from the holy of
holies for Mr. Baldwin, and neaving a
deep sigh ne disappeared into tne inner
room.
Mr. Monteith's stay before the com
mittee did not last longer than ten rain utes.
When he came in they asked him very
courteously for his withdrawal.
Mr. Mouteith as courteously refused.
He said that he objected* to the veto
power vested in two out of the three mem
bers of the silver branch of the committee
and he offered to suorait his case to a
board of arbitration to consist of two
respectable Democrats and one respecta
ble Popuiist.
Tnis offer the committeee declined. It
was evident tbat they wanted to scratch
him off the ticket, right or wrong, where
upon Mr. Monteith with a graceful cour
tesy withdrew from the presence of tne
committee and tell afoul of the wild-man
nered United States Marshal.
George W*. Baker, attorney for the
Southern Pacific, is not a member of the
conference committee and had no right to
be present at its deliberations, but for
all that be occupied the inner office and
heard all that wan said.
At 4 o'clock a short rece33 was taken for
refreshments, and It was after recess when
Jnr. Mont Pith was called in. He came out
at the end of about ten minutes with his
usual smile.
He was called inside in an informal
way by Judge Harris, the Cerberus of the
inner veil.
"la Mr. Monteith here?" a^keci the
Judge.
"Yes," replied that gentleman. And
then with an expression of innocence
which amused tbe spectators he asked:
"Who wants to see me?"
"The comriiittee," replied the Judge.
"What for?" inquired Mr. Monteitb,
just as though he suspected that the com
mittee was about to ask for his opinion on
the Cuban war or some other such irrele
vant matter.
His innocent question provoked a Jaugh.
One of the committee clerks came out
during recess and announced that tne
committee had not decided on the First
District, and that, in all probability, the
committee would not conclude its labors
until 3 o'clock this morning.
A disquieting report was wafted across
the bay from Oakland, to the effect that
the Populist County Committee of Ala
meda had met on the evening before and
had passed a resolution repudiating Eng
lish and declaring tne sense of the Popu
lists of Aiameda County to be in favor of
Mr. Vann, tne People's party nominee, as
the fusion candidate.
At 6:30, when the committee adjourned
for dinner, it was reported that they had
arrived at no conclusion and had nothing
to say to the reporters. It transpired,
however, that the committee were practi
cally agreed on all the districts except
one, ami that the evening session would
be brief.
This is the way in which the slate
looked at recess:
First District— Cutler (D.).
Beoond District— De Vries (D.).
Third District— Vann (Pop.).
Fourth District— Maguire (D.).
Fifth District— Bnrry (D.).
Sixth District— Bariow (Pop.).
Seventh District— Castle (Pop.).
As the evening began to wear away Mr.
English, who had been chatting cheerily
in the ante-room, showed signs of nervous
ness, and by 10 o'clock he was noi only
nervous, but despondent. He had re
ceived a quiet tip from the inside that
Governor Budd, Mint Superintendent Dag
gett, W. W. Foote and M. F. Tarpey were
actively engaged in kniring his Congres
sional aspirations.
While the crowd chatted in the ante
room a tragedy was being enacted in the
unholy of Lolies. This is the history of
it, and ii is a pretty quarrel, indeed,
among the Democrats.
It appear* that ihe fusion proposition —
or at least the principal part of it — origi
nated in Tarpey's fertile brain. Chairman
Alford of the Democratic committee was
placed there, it is saiii, by Gould, Gavin
McNab and Dutrgett, and the six members
ot the Democratic wing of the fusion con
ference committee were appointed by
Alford in the interest of Tarpey for the
Domination for Congress.
Governor sindd hates English because
English made some very cutting remarks
concerning the Governor's alleged pertidy
and penchant for throwing down his
friends. Daggett, McXab, Tarpey, Gould
and Harry Patton, Democratic candidate
for Congress in the Sixth District, are
intimate friends of the Governor.
Iv fact it is said that Patton and Jim
Budd think through the same quill. So
they combined their forces to knife Kng
lishout ol the fusion and to down Bar
low, who is Patton's competitor in the
district.
T. V. Cator is working for Barlow, and
Cator is not liked by the Democrats of the
conference committee, so that the combi
nation was peculiarly favorable for the
downfall of English. Cator and Barlow
and the upraising of Patton by one ami the
same combination, as well as the sweet re
venge ol Tarpey and his friends. It is
said besides th&t Maguire and Billy Foote
have the Senatorial bee buzzing übout in
their buzzery, and that Eiliy Foote, while
a member of the English family, thinks
that two of the family are too many to be
prominent in polities. Heisof theopinion
that one in a lamily is enough, and that
he should be that one.
Hence the political Donnybrook fair
which has resulted.
MONTEITH TO CUTLER.
He Gives Some Cogent Reasons In
an Open Letter Why the Lat
ter Should Withdraw.
The following communication is self
explanatory:
San Rafael. Cal., September 5, IH9<;.
F. A. (.nt!-r, Jkmocradc Sominct: for Congress
in the First District— My Dear Sir: in view of
your recent nomination by the Democratic
convention at Ntipa 1 habten to addrehs you
upon soiae matter* of mutual interest.
Pome two weeks ago, at the earnest sugges
tion 01 a number oi prominent Democrats who
oppose -Mr. Muntington's corporation :n its
effort to tighten its grip upon this com mon
wealth as 01 paramount importance, 1 went to
Napa at the first meeting of the convention
which nominated you.
The pres'ailing opinion at that time was that
the party, which from motives of the highest
patriotism had rallied to the support of the
National Democratic nominee, was in our dis
trict entitled to some similar exhibition of
patriotism upon the pan of Democracy, The
National Lame which hovers about the silver
question and that in the State which ceuters
about the anti-railroad question should un
doubtedly go haud-in-hana in this fight. Prior
to August 15 your own party in Humbolit
County had taken the smne view and en
deavored to secure a union of forces upon my
self as the joint candidate oi our respective
parties. It was then believed thut such a
coalition would be formed.
Upon the assembling of the Democratic
Convention on Augunt 13 this delusion was
completely exploited. The fact that the conven
tion, under the mentorship of Thomas J. Geary,
Walter H. Levy, Clay Taylor (since elected
a delegate to the gold Democratic Conven
tion), J. 0. Ruddock and sundry other friends
and acquiiintanceK of Superintendent Daggett
of the jjint, utterly refused to even entertain
the granting of this small concession to Popu
lism, 1 have no hesitation to assume tnat
these gentlemen were acting in the interests
oi the railroad. This is not due to direct evi
dence, but to evidence circumstantial in its
nature, but which to my mind leads to that
inevitable conclusion. When a set of men
undertake to accomplish an object which is
clearly ageinst the interests of the party they
represent and ot the people who support it,
and which is at the same time in the interest
of the Southern Pacific, I always conclude
that they are acting In its interest, although
it is of course possible that it may be a coinci
dence, which if so renders their position
peculiarly unfortunate.
it is only fair to you that before coming to
the proposition with which 1 shall conclude
that I draw your attention to some matters of
history connected with the present case. 1
cannot believe that any higb*miiid<Hl gentle
man wouid witting'.y beome the agency by
Which Mi. Hunt.ngton's monopoly could be
rendered more secure in the position it un
lawfully maintains in this State.
Immediately after the nomination of Bryan
by our convention a strong effort was made by
the Democrats in Humboidt to effect a union
Of forces with the Populists in that county
The proposed union embraced the indorse
ment of my own candidacy by your party for
Congress in this district, and when the Napa
convention was about to assemble the eicnt
delegates from your county pieced their
proxies in the hands of D. K. B. Sellen with
express instructions to work and vote for
my indorsement. Up to tnis time yon were
not a candidate and your name had not been
mentioned.
The prosDect of my indorsement at Napa was
a matter of grave apprehension to two ele
ments — the railroad monopoly and t lie gold
standard men— and they deemed it necessary
to secure my drfeat at all hazards. They first
desired the nomination of one triendiv to
their interests; if that could not be, then one
who would be passive or negative upon mat
ters in which they were interested, rod if that
failed, then any one at all other than myself
At Napa. on August 15. Mr. Sellers held un
doubtedly the key to the situation, and had he
faithfully obeyed instructions your mime
wouid never have been mentioned. But the
ruling powers at Napa at that time were con
fronted with ''a condition, not a theory." The
indorsement of myself would have made elec
tion certain and would nave produced some
interesting complications.
In the first place the railroad would have
THE SAN FRANCISCO CATyL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
been confronted with a candidate whose elec
tion would then have been made certain — who
wa9 utterly and absolutely oppo&ed to its
schemes of every kind or character, and who
was not Biraid to boldly and defiantly place
himself upou record in that particular.
Secondly— Tne railroad would have had to
face the prospect of the election of a inau who
had the lemerity to do all that could be done ]
to secure the punishment of its president and \
chief manipulator for the least of his crimes.
Thirdly— John Daggett would have been !
compelled to either support or oppose a Popu- j
list indorsed by the Democratic party who |
stood pl'd^ivi and determined to use every
p' ssibK' endeavor toj drive this same Mr. Dag
gett from tbe Mint which he ha<l disgraced by
the flagrant use of its patronage /or the un
clean purposes of boss polities.
Fourthly — Thomas J. Ueary would have
either had to support a Republican or else a
man indorsed by his party who stood in direct
and positive opposition to Mr. Geary in his
fight for Mr. Huntington's funding bill.
Fifthly— Mr. Geary, Clay Taylor, Mr. Rud
dock and the other gold men in that conven- I
tion who dominated its operations would have !
been, obliged either to support a straight-out
silver candidate or leave tneir partj.
This was, indeed, a perplexing situation
which required a'l tho art and craft of those
most skilled in the Herrin-L«vy school of poli
tics to deal with. At last tha genius that fills
the gap of emergency came to the rescue of the '
sturm-driven and weather-beaten prophets of I
gold and monopoly.
The capture of Humboldt Coun y was re- i
garded as absolutely essential to the destruc- |
tion of the «:iti-monopoly cause. To alienate j
it from its theu definite predilection for the
Populist candidate was seen to be absolutely
essential. That could best be done by securing
the nomination oi some man who&e name
would raise a strong feeling of local pride on
the one hand and control .-ufficient influence
amonp the Populists on the other to gain a
foothold for tnose who would thus engage in
this attempt to destroy my own chances of
success.
Mr. Sellers was then chosen to be the diplo
mat who should educate his neighbors upon
the absolute necessity of union upon silver
alone and incidentally awaken local Interest in !
securing a Humboldt candidate. He had no i
concern with union in opposition to railroad |
monopoly. Indeed, he told me on the way
down from Napa, when I met him for the lir>t
time, that Humboldt had no railroads, but he I
urns hot for union on Bryan and silver. The
same was true of his distinguished prototype,
"Colonel Mulberry Sellers," whose well-known
fidelity to the old flag is a matter of hi^ory.
He labored with me on the way down from
Napa to bring me to his plane of patriotism
only to meet with that stern obstinacy that is
born of a eonscioiunen of being right, for
when 1 realized as 1 did at Napa the nature of
the forces arrayed aijaiast me 1 was at once
convinced of the strength oi my candidacy and
the absolute necessity of its continuance.
When 1 parted with Mr. Sellers I did so still
ignorant of the fact that he had been delegated
by the Humboldt i>eople to support mo aud
no' to assassinate me.
On his return to Humboldt, l am credibly in
formed, he at once bega:: the missionary work
that was placed in his i.a-.ds. Su.-iultaneously
with his reappearance in Eureka that piace
was flooded with all sort< <>i illly c*nardf and
charges. A bitter personal attack was maiie j
upon me. My character, which is always open
to the severest scrutiny and investigation, was
subjected to the vi est and cruelest oi slanders,
secretly aud stealthily made with all the subtle
aud covert art oi men schooled in such con
temptible business.
1 neii again the enemy carried their iusiai- i
ous attack into the house of my friend*. My
party wns offered anything and everything <
that would result in my sacrifice. The tire i
came from every quarter; the selfish ambitious
of those who should be naturally with us in
the fight were appealed to, and in some in
stances not in vain; but withal I thank God
| it never moved me one iota irom my absolute '
faith in the integrity of my position. Offers j
of other political preferment met with the
utter coiHenipt they deserved. But all these I
attack: were not without effect. Your pro- i
posed candidacy naturally uwakeued in the
minds of yourself and your lrieuds the warm
est sense of approbation. The interests of (he
vast majority and the great principle at stake ;
were rapidly lost sight of in the awakening
pleasures of new-i.orn asjiiratious. Tue work j
m Humboldt was well doae, its local pride was
aroused, it was mp.de to believe that I inyseli
was but hu unworthy stumbling-block in the
way oi any union and success on silver, union
against railroad monopoly was lor a time for
gotten.
The crnfty influences that were made in their
desperation to secure my overthrow were over
looked. The Intense color and glamour of the
new born situaiion was used even to drive
some gno'l and sincere Populists into a partial
I acquiescence in tbe new project. This newer
condition had been wrought wholly by ex- !
pane and untrue statements having no foun- i
elation in fact. Your good uncle an-1 partner, I
Judge Buck, was one ot those who was satu- i
rated with the cloud of monopoly vnj>or and
he at once interesied himse f to secure my
I withdrawal iv your fevor; he came to san
Frauci-co and made me a proposition. He
' suggested to me that your nomination was
conditioned wholly npou my withdrawal and
tna! you predicated your acceptance of the
Democratic nomination upon my agreeing to
make a campaign with you about the district.
1 t^o not think that your uncle realized the
full import of his proposition. It was in effect
that I should commit political suicide and
then have my political corpse paraded around
the district to give the anti-monopoly flavor
to a Democratic candidate nominated by a
convention controlled by the friends of the
railroad.
On Saturday your nomination followed, and
you are now the nominee. Your friends had
applied to me to withdraw In the interest of
union upon silver. Now that you are nomi
nated, and in view of all the circumstances
and of the fact that I am placed in a condition
where no honorable man could retire, and in
view ot the nature of the attack that is made
npon me and upon grounds which I believe to
be much stronger, 1 ask you to withdraw and
leave the field to me in ihe interest of both
free silver and the fight against ruilroatl mo
nopoly.
it is unnecessary to go into detail in regard
to my position upon the railroad question
which Is too well known to require any argu
mi in, but your friend Mr. Geary in the Kara
convention gave currency something that
brings the railroad question more prominently
before the people of that district than any
other issue if his statement be true, and I do
n>t see how he could have publicly made it
unless it was.
Until I read that statement in the paper I
have alwiiys given Judge Barhara credit for
being sincere In his opposition to the railroad,
but if Mr. Geary's statement be true it em
pn\sizes all the more strongly the :ieces-ity of
my remaining in this fight, and in givingMhe
people in this district a complete opportunity
Duncan E. McKinlay, Republican Candidate for Presidential Elector
in the Place of Colonel Crocker, Resigned.
to cast their votes where they will know to an
absolute certainty there will be no suspicion
of leaning toward Mr Huntineton.
In addition to this the bitter uttacks of Mr.
Geary and others who are with you in this
contest uponmysL'H" is stiii further evidence
that I should remain where I stand. You will
therefore see that your candidacy simply
jeopardizes both the silver and the ami
monopoly issue, aud in view of that condition
of tiunßs I now appeal to you and to the same
patriotism in you to which your friends stated
they appealod'to when they asked me to with
draw. Should, however, you conclude io deny
this appeal I shall give you the credit for do
ing so as a result of your honest determina
tion, and shall then go into the triangular
fight as vigorously and as insistently as I know
how. Requesting you to give this matter your
respectful consideration, I remain sincerely
yours, George W. Monteith.
FRANK MOFFITT'S VIEWS.
Tho Efforts at Fusion Will Irjure
Bryan's Chances.
"What do I think of fusion on Con
gressmen?" queried Frank J. Mofh'tt of
the silver committee in response to a
question from a Call reporter. "I think,"
continued the Alameda man, ''that the
way it is being worked it will injure
Bryan's chances of carrying the State by
creating a general disgust for any kind of
fusion.
"In the first place, how can there be a
fusion that is worth a cent unless it is a
harmonious fusion? Monteith in the First
Congressional District refuses to come
down ; McGlashan in the Becond is fully
as determined.
"It looks as if he were standing in tbe
interests of Johnson. In the Third po
lish is to be switched as it now looks in
the interests of Vann. This is giving the
nomination here to a man who ran behind
his ticket two years ago and received
about 5000 votes and taking it away from
another who ran ahead of his ticket and
received nearly 13,000 votes.
"Kelly will continue to ran in the Fifth;
Maddux will not come down in the Sev
enth, so you see that the fusion committee
will have created antagonisms that will
breed hard feelings in nearly every Con
gressional district in the State, and no
gooft results will come of It.
"Rather than chance the loss of our
electoral vote for Bryan I should advise
the dropping of all further monkeying
with the Congressional districts. Let the
original Populist candidates and the
original Democratic nominees run. The
five to four fusion on electors would the»
carry.
situation is unfortunate," added
mr. Moffltt with almost a sob, "and just
as fast as the fusion committee begins to
ride rough-shod over candidates who re
fuse to be dictated to by it, just as fast will
hey retaliate on the fusion electors who
do not belong to their particular party.
BOLTING FROM BRYAN.
Populists Who Will Vote With the
Socialists Here.
The peculiar action of the fusion com
mittee, together with the bad odor which
pervades the Democracy by reason of its
reputation as a pledge-breaker, has dis
gusted a large portion of the honest
masses of the Populists and they have de
cided to vote for men whom they know
will faithfully represent their principles.
Ah a result of this state of feeling Theo
dore Lynch, chairman of the committee
on publication of the State Executive
Committee of the Socialistic Labor party,
has received several communications Irom
Populists who are dissatisfied with the at
titude of the party in the matter of the
fusion on Presidential elector?, pledging
themselves to cast tneir votes for the
electors on the National ticket of the
Socialistic Labor party in preference to
voting for ISryan or casting five out of
the nine votes for Sewail.
The nominees of the Socialist Labor
party for President and V ice-President are
Charles H. Matchett of New York and
Matthew Ma^uire of Paterson, N. J., re
spectively. The National platform de
mands tbe governmental ownership of all
means of production and distribution.
J. W. MITCHELL EXPLAINS
His Reasons for Deslrlnjr the Nomi
nation of Patton.
John W. Mitchell of Los Angeles, who
is here assisting in making Patton'a light
in the Sixth District, made this statement
to a Call reporter last night on the situa
tion:
"Of course I cannot tell what the fusion
committee win do, but I have my opinion
of what is risht to do — especially as to the
Sixth District. The logic and geography
of the situation demand that Patton, tbe
candidate immediately representing Los
Angeles County, be the fusion nominee.
"Los Angeles County has 48.000 voters,
has next to the largest city on the coast, and
any plan that wilf result in taking the
possible Congressman from Los Angeles
will be a grave mistake.
"I have no personal objection to Barlow,
tne Populist nominee, or a general fu
sion—l favor fusion, but I hold that if
there wa* but one district in the State to
be yielded by the Poi^lL-ts to the Demo
crats the Sixth would be entitled to most
consideration, for tbe reason that the only
Populist Congressman ever elected from
this State was indorsed and elected by
Democratic votes four years ago in the
Sixth District. II Patton is the fusion
candidate be will be elected by a large ma
jority.
"-McLachlan is the weakest Congres
sional timber in the State, and the silver
Republican vote in the Sixth District is
v*Ty strong. Patten would have a good
chance in a three-cornered fight. But I
hope and believe he will be the fusion can
didate. It is hard to stay the logic of the
situation which demands it."
McKINLEY CHOSEN.
Work of the State Central Commit
tee Meeting Yesterday.
The Republican State Central Commit
tee met yesterday afternoon at their head
quarters in the Palace Hotel, and elected
D. E. McKinlav, a house-painter of Santa
Rosa, to fill the vacancy on the electoral
ticket caused by the resignation of Colonel
CrocKer.
The resignation of J. 8. Mcßride of Ne
vada as a member of the State Central
Committee was accepted, and W. F. En
gelbright was appointed in his place. Mr.
Mcßriiie stated that he could not attend
the State Central Committee meetings
without much inconvenience.
Mr. McKinlay is in Southern California
j stumping for Major McKinley and pro
tection.
"A Gold House."
The following letter has been received
by The Call:
Editor of The Call— Dbar Sir: We have the
honor of notifying you that a test vote was
held among the employes of Sachs Bros.
&. Co. to-day. The result was as follows: For
McKinley, 44 votes; for Bryan, 1 vote. This
shows conclusively that this is a gold house.
Yours respectfully, William Higgtns.
IN THE THIRTY-SIXTH.
Republican Club No. 2 Holds a
Rousing: Meeting— Com-
mittees.
Republican Club No. 2 of the Thirty
sixth Assembly District met at Rolander's
Hall, Twenty-eiehth and Church streets,
last night. The meeting was addressed
by John T. Dare, L. Gustaf Schroder, Hon.
A. P. Van Duzer, and a recitation and
song were trixen by P. Flarety.
Tne executive and finance committees
were appointed by the president as fol
lows:
Executive committee— M. F. Taylor (presi
dent), James Corlett, John More, George Har
ris, James Erwin, William Cook, A. B. Ma
honey, William Thurgooa, James Sheridan. J.
H. Moore. Charles Meyers, M. Culnan, John
Carroll, John Woods, C. Thomas.
Finance committee — Eugene Dasse (presi
dent), W. Fisher, L. Brown, H. J. Alexander,
Charles Woods, William Parser, J. J. Lorentz,
R. C. Thorpe, F. Short.
■■ ♦
WEST END REPUBLICANS.
Ratification Mnetlngr to Be Held
in the Thirty-Seventh
District.
A well attended meeting of the West End
Republican Club of the Thirty-seventh
Assembly District was held last night at
Terminal Hall, Haight street, near Stan
yan, B. I. Salomon presiding. The
report of the executive committee was re
ceived and adopted and it was resolved
that a ratification meeting be held at 1970
Page street, on Thursday evening, Sep
tember 17, at 8 o'clock.
This club is progressing very rapidly, the
membership having increased to over 300.
The otficers of the club are: B. I. Salo
mon, president; John R. Aitken, first vice
president; W. G. Long, second vice-presi
dent; John Bennett, secretary; James
Cairns, treasurer; John Sparks, sergeant
at-arms.
The members of the executive commit
tee are: C. O. Burton (chairman), M. M.
Stern, James Alva Watt, Charles D. Mc-
Gowan, E. O. Tuttle, Lyman Mowry, A.
B. Maynard.
Finance committee— General E. S. Salo
mon, W. J. Ruddick, Louis Hammer
smith, Judge J. M. Troutt, C. D. Salheld,
Hon. George W. Dixon, E. H. Wakeman,
Joseph Goddard, C. S. Crittenden ana B.
H. Patrick.
HER SON MISSING.
Mrs. M. K. Allen of Kosnlandfi, B. C. t
Anxious Over the Whereabouts of
a Prodigal Buy.
M*s. M. E. Allen of Rosslands, B. C, is
in this City searching for her son, who left
her at Great Falls, Mont., in April, 1893.
and whom she has not heard of since.
The boy, whose name in full is Henry
Bartholomew Crowley Jonns, and resulted
from her union with her first husband,
tiwt went to Vancouver and from there to
San Francisco on the Lizzie Colby. He
left here in the American bark Samaria,
Captain Reed.
Soon after he had gone his mother
married a rich boniface named Johns, and
after* good deal of traveling went to her
husband's home at Rosslands.
She says she is perfectly willing to pay
handsomely for any information that will
NEW TO-DAY
VARICOCELE
Wasting Weakness, Failing Man-
hood and Nervous Debility
Are Easily Cured by
While you sleep at night *cJ^c£ Dr - Sanden « Electric
this belt soaks your -^Jpaff^t Belt has a newly pat-
weakened nerves full of <^ ; i t~£%S^. ented regulator which
electricity and restores - ! *?J^"^%lg? makes the current mild
your health. It is surer ■S*#^"S|f^ or strong while the belt
and cheaper than mcdi- 9Er fL'- I^^^ is on the body. No other
dnc. *^Jt^y*i\t belt made can be regu-
The disease known as rarieocele has baffled the medical profession at every turn.
The various attempts to remove it have all proven ineffective, and some of them even
more injurious than the disease itself. The knife, vacuum, compression and massage
have all been tried and all failed, and yet Varicocele and its large following of wastina
weaknesses can be cured. Varicocele is a congestion of the stagnant blood in the
veins, with considerable distention of the glands. Electricity will decompose this
congested state and drive the stagnant blood into the circulation, relieving the vein*
of the weakening strain, at the same time contracting the glands which have grown
weak from the disease, thus curing the whole trouble.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT,
Recogniied by the medical profession as the most scientific method for the application
of the electric current to the body, and backed by many thousands of cures of various
nervous and chronic cases, is now acknowledged the best means of reaching the dread
wa_tinjz disease
VARICOCELE.
Its power over this disease is remarkable. Cures have been completed in one
month, aDd the worst cases can be reached in three months by this Belt. As an evi-
dence of recent results the following will be interesting:
"I would liKe to add my testimony to the numerous others in possession of Dr San-
den's Electric Belt Co. I purchased a stronß-power Belt from Dr. Sanden about the
Ist of April, which 1 used according to directions, and alter three months I am haDDV
to state that my varicocele, which was of twelve years' standing, is almost entirely
disappeared, the veins being almost normal. I take great pleasure in recommending
the Belt to any one suffering from varicocele-" wmmeuumg
W. E. JOHNS, 1139 Market street, San Francisco.
: "On receipt of your Belt 1 was requested to report in thirty days, and I therefore
let you know how lam getting along. I must say that the results are away beyond
my expectations, and I now believe in the wonderful power of the Belt I notice an
improvement all over mv body, and especially the varicocele, which before I wore the
Beit were large.swollen veins, are almost entirely and completely disappeared and the
seminal weakness which I have suffered from for a long time has entire' disappeared
I am now as strong in that particular as I wish to be. .1 wish you to publish this" letter
that other sufferers may profit by my experience." p D tms letier
N. DAMATO, Penryn, Cal., June.2o, 1896.
"I ad varicocele and weakness of twenty-six years' standing. Your Dr. Sanden
Electric Belt has cured me." L. L. JACCAfeD, Jeweler, San Leandro, Cal
Many other cures can be found by referring to the little book, '-Three Classes o
Men," which can be had free upon application. Those who have tried other treat'
ments will find much of interest in this book or a visit to the salesrooms of ;
S-VKTDBKT EXi33CTHIO CO.
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours-8 A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to i.
IOS ANGELES. CAL. 1 A * * „„...,.,.„,,
iM bonth Broadway. • Washington OR
.!:.-,- • *»3 Washington straefc
: ' ■ ' ■ ' ■ ...
When writing for further partieu/ars to any of the health or
(Pleasure ZRosorts in these columns kindly mention the CJ%jC<£.
BARTLETT SPRINGS.
OPEN ALL WINTER,
IT IS FtTIXY AS IDEAL A WINTER
AS A SUMMER RESORT.
HOT AIR HEATERS.
OLD FASHIONED
OPEN FIRE PLACES.
A POSITIVE CURE FOR
RHEUMATISM, LIVER. KIDNEY
and STOMACH TROUBLES.
Reduced Rates Oct. 1, 1896, to Hay 1,1897.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY. 82 Fourth street, S. F.
F'anit'h'pts spnt lo any a-ldross free.
lead to locating her son. Whether he is
dead or alive she knows not.
• ♦ — •
The .Jewish N. \v Year,
Services at Bush -street Temple for New
Y« sir's day will begin Monday night at 6
o'clock and on Tuesday morning at 9:30.
The subject of Rabbi Fryer's sermon on this
day will be, "Lights ami Shadows— a Retro
spect and Prospect." On Wednesday morning
services begin at 9:30, when the rabbi will
lecture in the German language. The choir
has been greatly re-enforced, vocally and in
strumentnlly. and a special feature will be the
singing of the well-known artists, Signors de
Vries and Miche;ena of the Tivoli opera.
Ferdinand Hlncelot's Estate.
Anita M. Hi ncelot has applied for letters of
administration on the $12,000 estate of her
deceased husband, Ferdinand Hincelot.
An Ancient Turtle.
The writer had the pleasure of seeing a
| box turtle, this morning, which was
marked in the year 1840, by three gentle
men of Berlin, Conn., viz. : Lorenzo Lamb,
late of the firm of Bull & Lamb, Hartford;
Albert Sanderson and A. Norlh, who cut
; their names and the date, on the under
shell. The turtle was caught and marked
in 1840, on land then owned by Lyman
Nott, in what is known as Beckley Quar
i ter, town of Berlin, the land being now
! owned by a Will Webster. The marks are
! as plain as when done, rifty-six years ago.
j I was informed by A. North, who had it.
j thnt the turtle was about the same size as
I when marked, and also that it was caught
near the spot where liberated so long ago.
— Hartford Times.
HI6HLAND_SPRINGS.
THE BEST PLACE ON EARTH TO
SPEND THE FALL MONTHS.
Good Climate and the Greatest Va-
riety and Finest Mineral Springs
In the 'World.
Fall season opens August 15. Finest
dining-room and table north of San Fran-
Cisco. Good hunting, bathing, boating
and fishing.
RATES $1O TO $12 PER WEEK.
For full particulars address
LEG D. CRAIG,
316 Montgomery St.,' S. P.
Or J. CRAIG,
Highland Springs, Lake Co., Cal.
PAS A I xl l s^-" 1 .
I UIISA! ■ « 9 I Carlsbad of
■ ■■■■■■ w health,rest,plea.v
dtp, climate, accommodations, scenery, dower
bed*, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, ma*.
FftEf treatment, hunting and listing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families,
'aralso stands unsurpassed In the state. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets. San Francisco, 8:15 a. m.
dally, for Soled ad; Return-irip ticket, *R Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and PosiotHce. For
illustrated pamphlets and special Inducements tot
189 address H. HOBKKTsoN, Manager.
HAPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spat
H_vb You Bern Tribe Latki.y?
1000 fe«H above Napa Valley. Cllmata unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hoi and cold
Kupa Soda water baths. Telephone and Posiorh'ce.
Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New Improvements every
year. Gas and running water In every room. Re-
lief fo r asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK, au ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognised Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Crux Mountain*.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
ing. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir. Staee at Madrone every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday After June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.
VIC PONCE LET, Llagas. CaL
II T7" innn HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
V V hl' I ' V County, only hours froia
\|V iIIT IT San J-ranclsco; but 9 miles
II |V II II II II sta « ln R: now road througn
** **•** M VIM canyon: new stages; sanitary
plumbing; natural temperature of water 130° KaUr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquitos and other annoyinz
I Insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
| a. K. or 3:30 p. it. Round-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mall fend express.
Hates $12 a week; baths free. . -. •-. .
J. k\ MULGREW, Proprietor.
HOTEL RAFAEL.
San Rafael, California.
FIFTY MINUTKS FROM SAN RANCISCO.
Asa Winter resort or home it has no equal in
the world.
OPEN ALL THE YEAR.
Special rates for Fall and Winter guests.
R. H. WABFIKLD <fe CO.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
V.rSTV HELENA, CAL.
RECREATION, REST AND HOME FOR IS-
-Ll> valids, consisting of large main building, cot-
tages and tents on mountainside overlooking Nap*
Valley. Steam heat, elevator, coll bells and night-
watch service. Massage, electricity, medicated
and sienm baths are among the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful uioun
tain walks are among the amusements, i»ura
water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommodiv
tlona first class. Rates reasonable. Send for circular.
ASTORG JMERAL WATER.
FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL, YOUTH: FROM
Cobb Valley, Lake County; greatest medicinal
and curative water on ear h. Hundreds cured;
thousands recommend It In San Francisco. Unlim-
ited supply at the depot, 108 Finn street. Selling
hundreds of gallons daily.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, Cal.
UNDER M'.W MAXAGEMKNT.
"DATES $2 TO $2 60 I'Ktt DAY, *8 TO $14 PER
.Li week: all baths free.
.. ■'•:■■• W. H. HARRON. Proprietor.
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
CUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE: PLEASANT
0 rooms; large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad
dreys i. O. box 22ti.
RIVERSIDE RANCH— ON THE BANKS OP
Eel K'.ver. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County: round trip, 89 75 from San Fran-
cisco; tishlnic, hunting, b_thing and boating uu-
surpassed. Terras, if 7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
OILLESPIK, Totter Valley, Mendoclno County.
*i" BELMONT, SAN MATED COUNTY
-£V board for summer mo.Ubs: private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms: 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city, ills. HANSKN.BeImonc
HOTEL DE REDWOOD, SANTA CRUZ*
Mountains; board $7 to. $10 a week: also
camping facilities, tents, etc. Address M. S. COX,
Laurel. ;:.■_-• ,-■.■-■:
ANITA VILLA. WRIGHTS, SANTA CRUZ
Mountains: tine family resort. J. IIAES-
TKP.S, proprietor.
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THIS
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to an..- address in tha
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
me free.
ER Prt . .SIC! AN of the *4€?*SK^
FLOW .RY KINQDJVI. _^^^^^k
HE IS OK GI!E.\T EMI- W3*g£f£li&Bgk
nenca and learning, idflfc>-*^^^^H|
Having long ixp rli>nce in \P^
■h' Imperial Hospitals of .T . ]
Cuina. He baa practiced i "~T* /^J U
its pro.essioa in America f\ "^^ .*** Ij
for 15 \ ears and cured t'iou- < \ »'
sands of sick and afflicted. U "*<» I 1
lii- «n:irant,ees a ci.re of all \ .»»»>,_ /
diseases of men, women \ ' J
•in, i cnildr^n where cure U _f\- _j(
possible. No mater if oth- _,__3_'^* ! r^"2_»_^
ers bavf failed to cure yon. '^TOsSg>,..__M^y
tr.DR.(4UY. Everyboav
invited to call. Cousultu- ,-j»^ v
■ tion frke. Offi es— B2l' KEARNY ST., bet.
U aslilngtori and Ja'-kson.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Ji a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonlo for:a»
■exnal and urinary organs of both sexes, aai »
great remedy for diseases! ot the kidneys »nd Dial-
cer. A greai Restorative, lavlgoratoranJ Nervta*.
oeiis - on its. own Merits— no loag-wlnd*l taiu-
monlals necessary.
•o--^**^ -* I ' l ■'•' & BKUNii, Agent*.
HA& Market at., a. .— coend ior Circuit)
[k\i These tiny Capsules are superior}
to Balsam of Copaiba, /""^\l
f A 1 C'ibebsor!niectionsand(MlD)f I
JjU CURE iN 48 HOURS
mgpj the 6ame diseases without!
inconvenience.
Sold by all druggists. j
. ■ ■ - . . -CHARGES THAT
MUST BE PROBED
Judge Buck of Redwood
Wishes the Affidavit
Investigated.
THOUGHT IT NEEDLESS.
J. H. Campbell's Attorneys Ob
jected to an Inquiry Delay
ing the Case.
SHAEP THRUSTS EXCHANGED.
D. M. Delmas and Patrick Reddy
in the Course of Argument Cross
Swords Vigorously.
The little courtroom at Redwood City
was crowded yesterday morning, the time
set for argument on the legality of Judge
Back's order revoking the allowance to J.
H. Campbell of San Jose of a monthly fee
of $1000 for services rendered the German
heirs, it was not because the people of
San Mateo were particularly interested in
the fate oi Campbell's stipend, however,
that they were in attendance.
The alleged affidavit of J. H. Campbell,
printed last Sunday, seriously reflecting
upon the integrity of Judge Buck, Judee
Fitzpatrick and T. B. Bishop directly, and
indirectly involving other interested par
ties in the great litigation, baa caused in
tense excitement in the little city. Judge
George H. Buck has presided over the Su
perior Court of San Mateo County for
fourteen years, and during that time his
ermine has remained free from tne taint
of scandal. He has risen to the judiciary
from a humble avocation by untiring in
dustry, and his friends in the county are
legion.
It was for this reason that the little
courtroom was crowded. The spectators
believed that this publication was to be
discussed. Ana discussed it was. Brieflj ,
it is true, but with a warmth and vigor
that allowed no room for complaint on
tbe part of the courtroom spectators.
Patrick Reddy and Joseph C. Campbell
appeared as attorneys for J. H. Campbell
of San Jose. D. M. Delmas represented
tne German heirs who are seeking to have
J. H. Campbell's monthly fea as their
attorney reduced.
When Judge Buck called the matter of
the estate of Charles Lux he was prepared
to act summarily in the matter. He
stated that as there had been some talk of
corruption in the public press he felt some
hesitancy in trying it. He would prefer
to have some other Judge try the issue.
Joseph C. Campbeil explained to His
Honor that they felt perfectly satisfied to
nave him try me case. The only article
■which had appeared charging corruption
was in the Chronicle, and that article had
not been verified.
Mr. Delmas did not agree with Mr.
Campbell. He thought the court should
be relieved so that tne matter could be in
vestigated. The charges couid be and
should be investigated, he declared. "I
knew nothing of the matter until Sunday
afternoon," he explained, "when I was
shown a copy of the paper, which con
tained charges of a most heinous charac
ter, charges that involved even the court
itself."
Then the battle was on. Reddy de
manded warmly if the courts were "to be
paralyzed simply by the appearance of an
article in some public print. If courts
were thus to be impeded be tliought they
might as well close the courts and be
done with it. "We are not called upon to
meet any charges," he said. "So charges
have been made; no affidavit has been
riled. We urge upon the court to proceed
UDon the hearing of this case."
Mr. Delmas stated that he himself Knew
of no such affidavit, but that a party whom
he has no reason to disbelieve tola him
positively that he had seen such an affi
davit.
"Do you say that you know who wrote
this affidavit?" asked Reddy.
'"I do not say that I know who wrote it,"
•was the sharp rejoinder, "but 1 say that I
believe I know who wrote it, and if you
ass who I believe wrote it I will you, sir,
and tell you instantly."
Mt. Reddy did not pursue the inquiry
further.
"If the gentleman will state that he
never made such an affidavit," continued
Mr. Delmas, "tbe matter will end. Other
wise these charges must be investigated."
Keddy declared they did not want it to
end. They wanted a trial. He demanded
of Delmas who the man was who had told
him he had seen an affidavit.
Mr. Delmas responded that he did not
have to be catecbised by Mr. Reddy.
"I am not catechising," declared Mr.
Reddy, excitedly. "Who is this man?
What is his name?"
"What is your name, sir?" asked Del
mas, turning squarely toward Reddy.
"My name, sir, is Reddy." was ihe re
tort. "I have no reason to be ashamed of
my name."
judge Buck prevented further personal
ities by a few soothing remarks. His
Honor was visibly affected that charges of
corruption had been brought against him.
"1 have been in this county for over
twenty-one years," he said. ''I have been
honored by the electors for fourteen years
and never before have been charged "with
corruption or anything bordering on cor
ruption. Possibly in campaigns gone by
people have said such things, but I have
never heard of them. If these charges
are true I would not be qualfied to eit in
this or any other court. As lone as such
expressions have appeared in a morning
paper I would not care to have the hear
ing of the case."
Judge Buck then postponed the hearing
until next Saturday with the undemand
ing that Mr. Delmas will tile an affi
davit of the person who claims to have
seen the document in dispute. The Court
*aid he would then issue a citation for the
person who had signed it to appear and
show cause why he should not be pun*
lined for contempt.
Judge Buck will again be before the peo
ple for election thin year, and i» partic
ularly anxious to have the matter investi
gated at once.
THE DETECTIVE WAITED
William McFarland, Collector for a
Dairy, DiHappearcd by a Back
Window.
Frank Robb, one of the managers of the
Mil brae Dairy Company, swore to a com
plaint in Judge Conlan's court yesterday
charging William McFarland with forgery.
McFarlp.nd was collector for the com-
I nny and he ia accused of collecting and
altering the bills. The particular instance
charged in the complaint is that of R. Beru
nein. 1439 Golden Gate avenue. The bill
<>riL'inally sent to Bernstein was for $27 10,
y but it is claimed McFarland reduced it to
M 10 and collected that amount, the pre
vious amounts having been collected by
nim but not paid into the funds of the
company.
The case was put into the hands of
Curtin's Detective Agency, and one of the
men went to the dairy Friday night. He
told McFarland he wanted him to go
downtown with - him to see about some
trouble McFarlana had with Milk Inspec
toiDockery. McFarland . told the detec
uvetowait till he changed his cloths.
Ihe detective waited for nearly an hour
and when he went in arch of McKarland
he found that the collector had dropped
£Sehis re i r c. Ji? aOW tO the * roUnd aDd
Captain Lees was notified yesterday
«wp»rn g f by R ° bb ' Who WM a £™ed tO
l" ce t ar oat a warrant for McFarland'a ar
«tfh o j c « t< ? tal .-amount of McFarland's
alleged defalcation is not known, but it
will not exceed $200. '■■■■■' .^ -:.:.•■>
BATTERY UPON A BOY.
William Webber, a Baker, Convicted
by Judge Cunlan and "Will Be
Sentenced Tuesday.
William Webber, proprietor of the
Golden Gate bakery, 26 Sixth street, ap
peared before Judge Conlan yesterday to
answer a charge of battery upon Harry
Chow, a boy 8 years of age living at 459
Jessie street.
The evidence showed that several boys
had a row in front of Webber's store a
week ago. Webber chased them and
caught Harry Chow. He got the boy's
head between his legs and punched bis
face so hard that the marks were plainly
visible yesterday.
The Judge found Webber guilty and
ordered him to appear for sentence Tues
day, filing his bonds at. $500.
The Judge on Tuesday will 3lso hear a
charge of battery preferred by Mrs. Web
ber apainst Mrs. Chow. Mrs. Webber,
after the assault by her husband npon
young Chow, called upon Mrs. Chow and
talked to her severely about threatening
to have her husband arrested. Mrs. Chow
wanted to end the discussion and pushed
Mrs. Webber aside and Mrs. Webber had
her arrested for batiery.
THE OLD PIPE CLUB.
Thirteenth Annual Banquet of
That Social Associa
tion.
With Merriment, Viands and Smoke
the Fourteen Remaining Members
Spend the Night.
The San Francisco Pipe Club, one of the
most unique social organizations in this
country, held its thirtieth anniversary
banquet last night in the rooms of mine
host A. Becker at 14 Third street.
Thirty years ago a handful of convivial
spirits, ail Germans, were in tne habit of
meeting in one of the then rare beer sa
loons of this City. On one occasion a
charitable action had to be performed ana
it was decided that those present should
form into a club and auction off the worst
looking pipe that they could find, the pro
ceeds to go to the charity.
Without searching very far a most beau
tiful "dudeen" was discovered — Beautiful
in its absolute ugliness and as malodorous
as any pipe toat has ever brought a house
wiie 10 the verge oi desperation.
The bidding was fa-t and generous and
the old pipe, whicn originally never was
worth more than a few cents, brought $50.
To-day that pipe could not be purchased
at any figure from the club in wbose room
it still hangs in a proud position.
How many members have passed away
since the organization, thirty years ago,
can hardly be estimated, as records were
not kept very regularly until the last dec
ade, but that makes uo difference to the
present fourteen members. They venerate
ttieir departed brothers, and no banquet
takes place but they are represented at the
foot of the table by a grinning skuil, a clay
pipe between the teetn and stuck in a big
porcelain vase an "aquarium" of beer. In
addition to this, last night the skull was
surrounded by thirty lighted wax tapers.
The officers of the association are: E.
Emnirieh, president, his ofiicial title being
"Ovsr .Pipe"; Louis Dannheimer, vice
president; H. fc-choene, keeper of the
pipes; C. Wilhelm, treasurer; Edward Zeit
luims, secretary.
Dr. Maiech, who is sometimes called
"Menelick," has been appointed 'Poet
Laureate."
One of the distinguishing features of the
club is that ever since its organization
there never has been a card turned for iun
or for gambling, a die thrown or any eug
cestion of the kind iv the rooms.
Aside from the members who enjoyed
the impromptu menu last evening were:
Dr. H. Lozsas, J. N. Mertons, Dr. Malech,
N. yon Rosaum, Major A. yon Guglingen,
Colonel R. deClairmont, C. Wilhelm and
l)r. W. Hatteroth. The guests were: Dr.
0. Becker, J. Burgin, Hans Veroni and
L. Beck.
INSURANCE MEN UNITE.
General Managers Have Almost
Reached an Agreement
on Rates.
A Meeting Tuesday to Finally Settle
the Question Now Before
Them
What ia regarded by fire insurance men
as the most satisfactory meeting of gen
eral managers since the old compact was
dissolved was held yesterday forenoon at
the underwriters' rooms, California and
Sansome streets. The utmost secrecy has
been observed regarding this meetfng, and
all that could be learned directly about it
from those present is that the managers
are now nearer than ever before to a set
tlement which can maintain rates on fire
insurance at a profitable standard.
Several preliminary meetings were held
during the past two weeks, but with bo
much secrecy were they surrounded that
hardly one insurance man occupying a
subordinate position was aware of what
tne general managers were doing. Yes
terday's conference became known only
through a word dropped in one of the
leading clubs, when a manager excused
himself for hurrying off from a couvivial
party of his friends.
The managers were surprised to learn
that talk of tbeir quiet proceedings had
reached the street. They declined to dis
cuss the subject, but made it evident in
many ways that prospects were particu
lar! v bright.
"We made extraordinary strides toward
the -establishment of a new com*
pact," one .. of the general managers
said. "In fact things never looked bo
favorable for all of us coming together.
I really cannot any more than this, be
cause we are all pledged on our honor to
secrecy. There will be another very im
portant meeting on Tuesday next, and
that will tell the tale." ,
"The proposition is to agree on rates, so
that they may be placed at the old stand
ard ?" he was asked.
'•Not at all. There is nothing left to
raise rates on, as nearly all the business
has been written for two or three years
ahead at low figure*. Rates will never be
so high as they were, that is certain. Only
we hope to establish a schedule which will
be profitable."
It is the general belief of insurance men
outside the compact members that home
offices in the East and E gland, having
j frown tired of losing money here, in
structed tin local representatives to unite
lor mutual protection. . . . .
■ •■ •• — — • —
Good morning, have you read .Thomas Slater's
advertisement tor men on pago 32?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1596.
IN ITS SPACIOUS
NEW QUARTERS
Continued Progress of the
Stock and, Bond Ex
change.
FOR FOURTEEN YEARS.
Unprecedented Advance in the
Price of Seats — A Big
Business.
THE BROKERS AT A BANQUET.
History of an Institution Which Has
Aided in Developing San
Francisco.
A merry company of brokers gathered
around the banquet-table yesterday noon
in the Merchants' Exchange building to
Edward Pollitz, Vice-President. Daniel Meyer, Treasurer.
John Perry Jr., President.
R* G. Brown, Chairman. Edward Barry, Secretary.
OFFICERS OF THE STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
celebrate with speeches and songs the
formal opening of the new and epacious
room of the Stock and Bond Exchange.
Covers were laid for fifty or more, Messrs.
Albert Gerberding (president of the
Produce Exchange), W. C. Morrow and
President Harrington of the Merchants'
Exchange being among the invited guests,
and for two hours all thoughts of securi
ties and business were put aside and the
time was devoted solely to fraternal
sociability.
President John Perry Jr. delivered" an
address of welcome and Chairman R. G.
Brown acted as toastmaker. Following is
a list of the toasts : "The Stock and Bond
Exchange," responded to by Vice-Presi
dent Edward Pollitz; "The Press," by
Edward S. Spring of tbe Daily Re
port; "Our Guests," by AJ Gerber
dinc of the Produce Exchange. Then
followed a number of impromptu,
witty and enjoyable speeches and songs,
in which Messrs A. C. Hellman and A. L.
Langerman were especially felicitous.
Wine do wed freely, the atmosphere was
filled with the aroma of lra«rant cigars,
daily cares were forgotten and everybody
was oblivious to all save the pleasures of
the hour.
For many years past tne Stock and Bond j
Exchange, organized in September, 1882,
by leading San Francisco brokers, for the
express purpose of dealing in local securi
ties, mining excepted, has occupied a
small corner room on tie second floor of
the Merchants' Exchange building. Ita
increase in membership and patronage
has necessitated a change and now it is
domiciled in spacious and convenitnt new
quarters on the south side of the building,
adjoining on the nor;h the rooms of the
San Francisco Chamber oi Commerce. It
is a nart of tbe old boardroom formerly j
tenanted by the San Francisco Stock and
Exchange Board.
The new room is 22x40 feet, with high,
arched ceilinj-s, and tnree windows on the I
south side which admit plenty of light |
and sunsUine. The walls and ceilngs are
colored in warm tints and a wainhcotinc
or quartered oak runs around the entire
length of the room. The callers' d- sk, at
the west end, is of polished oak and the
members' chairs, of the latest design, are
arranged in thalorm of a horseshoe. For
visitors there Ts ample seating accommo
dation. The approach to the room, from
tbe main bail, is through a vestibule and
an anteroom, paneled with primavera
wood and containing hatracks, etc.
Tt:e price of seats, which was originally
$50, has since advanced to $2300, and the
total transactions for fourteen years
amount to 197,000,000. Conservative 10 its
policy, the exchange has been instrumental
in bringing about a better understanding
between capital and labor, and by smooth
ing the way to investments has materially
aidea in tbe business prosperity and de
velopment of the City.
Following is tbe list of officers and
members of the Stock and Bond Ex
change, as at present constituted:
President, John Perry Jrj vice-president,
Edward Pollitz; chairman, R. G. Brown; sec.
retary, Edward Burry; treasurer, Daniel
Meyer; Edward Barry, Pnil Barth, H. Bcrl, A
\V. Blow, George F. Bowman, William H.
Bremer, R. S. B own, George H. Buckingham,
N. Duperu. M. H. Grossmayer, M. H. Hecht, A.
C. Hellmao, R. B. Hochstadter, Charles H.
Kaufman, A. L. Langerman, Henry S. Man
heim, Mathias Meyer, Arthur W. Moore, J. K.
K. Nuttall, John Perry Jr., Edward Pollitz,
Henry St. Goar, I. Strassburprer, Charles Sutro,
Charles Sutro Jr., Gustav Sutro, Gustav Sutro
Jr., 1). R. "Wilson, H. F. Woods.
That Clambake To-Day.
Tiburon la lilreiy to be largely vieited to-day
by lovers of the clam. This ia the Lappy oc
casion when the citizens of that promontory
give n free clambake, and R. X. Ryan, the
genial general passencer Rgent of the San
FrancUco and North Pacific Railway, has ac
commodated all by makiag a 25-cent round
trip ratf, with frequent boats to run at 7:30,
9:30, 10:30 and 11 a.m. and 12:10 and 1:30
p. n.
ENDED BY MARRIAGE.
Judge Campbell Loans a Prisoner Two
Dollars to Oet a U
cenge.
Judge Campbell distinguished himself
yesterday morning by making two young
hearts beat as one, and it only took $2 to
accomplisn his object.
Robert McCiusky, an employe at the
Union Iron Works, appeared before the
Judge to answer a charge of betrayal
under promise of marriage. The girl in
the case was Sarah Brown, who lives with
her parents at 102 Michigan street. She is
only 16 years of ape.
When McCiusky stood up as his name
was called the Judge looked at him
through his spectacles for a minute. Then
his glance rested upon the young girl and
turned again upon McCiusky.
"Why don't you act like a man and
marry the girl?'"' he said to McCiusky.
"I am anxious to do no, Judge," replied
McCiusky.
"Will you do it now?"
"I will, but I haven't the money to get
a license."
"That'll be all ri*bt, my boy," said tha
Judge. "I will lend you the money and
you can pay it back whenever you are
abie."
Tbe Judge handed $2 to McCiusky, and,
accompanied by Policeman Coughlin, Mc-
Ciusky went to 'Cupid" Dan forth 's office
and procured the license. They returned
to the court, and the girl's parents were
sent for and Justice of the Peace Kerrigan
was notified to be in readiness to perform
the ceremony. Aiter the girl's parents
arrived the two were soon made man and
wife and went away together.
DOWN ICY MOUNT HOOD
Messrs. Goode and Gannett
Obliged to Use Ropes and
Alpenstocks.
Sulphur and Smoke From the Moan
tain — The Recent Outburst Merely
a Rockslide.
Richard U. Goode and Henry Gannett of
the United States Geological Survey
arrived here yesterday after several months
in Idaho and other parts of the North
west.
On their way down they went to the top
of Mount Hood with the idea of estaDlish
ing a triangulation station there, but
found that the smoke from furrounding
forest fires was so dense as to make % ihe
idea impracticable.
They went to the town of Hood River, on
the Columbia, by boat, and then took a
buokboard coach and saddle horses by
way of Cloud Cap Inn. They proceeded
onward to the snow line, climbing the
mountain on foot, as is necessary for a
good portion of the journey.
The gentlemen were there at the time
of the alleged outbreak of stones and
ashes, but say that all it appeared to have
been was simply a rockslide.
There are loose piles of rocks along the
great mountain in many places, and the
movins of any one of these, which occurs
frequently, causes scores of tons of rocks
to be dinlodeed and no clattering thou
sands of feet away. This appears to have
been about all the Mount Hood outburst
amounted to.
However, there is and has been for a
great many years, so Messrs. Goode and
(iar.nett state, smoke and sulphuric emis
sions from the mountain. The air is at
time 3 very strongly impregnated with the
smell of smoke and sulphur.
"On tne upper part of the mountain
there was a good deal of ice," added Mr.
Goode, "and in places the mountain
dipped at an ancle of about forty-tive de
grees. It was so steep that it was quite
dangerous, and we were obliged — three of
us, with the quide — to rope ourselves to
gether and proceed very carefully with
alpenstocks in hand.
"We had hoped to b*» able to establish
a triangulation station on tbe top, and
would liHVe Gone so, and made some
triangulations, but it wus impossible be
cause of the smoke from the burning
timber in the surrounding country. The
woods "were burning »n ail directions."
The gentlemen are glad to again be in
San Francif-co, after their long absence.
They say that sheep men are this year in
vading the crests of the higb mountains
iv Idaho, and of the Cascade Mountains
in Washington. These have aiJed iv
driving out the game, and it is said they
even make the lieu scarce by muddying
the streams.
• — ♦ .
A Desnondi-nt Laborer.
Sam Wallace, a laborer living at 227 Harri
son street, jumped iv to the bay from Powell*
street wharf yustertiay, but wag quickly
bruuL-ht ashore and taken to tbe Receiving
Hospital. He lias been sick for two months,
and, beinjf unable to übtaiu ■work, he fell
despondent and wanted to end his life. He Is
about 35 years of uge.
CLEVER CAPTURE
OF TWO BURGLARS
They Broke Into a House
on Bush Street, Near
Hyde.
THE OCCUPANTS AWAY.
Dr. Walter N. Thompson, Who
Lives Opposite, Noticed Them
and Gave the Alarm.
WEKE CAUGHT IN THE HOUSE
A Third Burglar Succeeded in Making
His Escape, but the Police Are
After Him.
A clever capture of two burglars was
made by Policeman J. D. McLean last
night while they were in the act of robbing
the house at 1116 Bush street, occupied by
William D. Koyston of Keyston Bros.,
whip manufacturers. He is at present in
Europe, but his wife's sister occupied the
house until a few days ago, when she
went to San Jose on a visit, leaving the
servant girl in charge. The servant girl
went out last nitrht and it was during her
absence that the burglar entered the
house.
The burglars gave their names as George
Green and Thomas Kelly. Green is the
taller and younger of the two. He gave
his age as seventeen. Kelly is a year
older.
Dr. Walter N. Thompson lives at 1123
Bush street and about half-oast 9 o'clock
last night be noticed three young men
acting suspiciously on the opposite side
of the street. Knowing that the family
who occupied No. 1116 was in the country
he decided to watch the movements of the
three strangers. He saw them go to the
rear of the house and he at once went in
search of a policeman.
The doctor met McLean and together
they went to the house. They noticed a
dim light in the top story and as they
halted at the front steps the light went
out. McLean wisely concluded not to
waste time whistling for assistane, so he
stationed Dr. Thompson at the front door,
which to their surprise they found open,
and he went to the rear.
A window was wide open, through which
entrance had evidently been effected, and
the rear door was also open, the burglars
leaving both front and rear doors open as
a means of escape eitner way in case of
beinfj surprised at their work.
McL an cautiously made his way to the
top floor, where he had seen the lieht, and
as he ncared the top of the stairs he heard
the burglars drop on the floor. He caught
Green and marched him downstairs and
on to the street, where he manacled him
to an iron hitching-post.
Word had been" telephoned to the Cen
tral police station and Lieutenant Bird
sail instructed the wagon at tie North
End station to drive as quiculy as possible
to the house. As the wajon readied the
house McLean was searching for the other
two burglars. Policeman Charl-xlon, who
accompanied the wagon, assisted him and
they found Kelly concealed in a closet.
Every nook and corner in the house was
searched for tne third burg!?r, but he
could not be found and the oilieers were
forced to the conclusion that he had
slipped out by the rear door while Mc-
Lean was hitching Green to the post in
front and bad made his escape.
The two younp burglars took their arrest
quietly. They refused to say anything.
Nothing is so far known about them by
the police.
LATE SPORTING NEWS.
Rifle and Shotgun Events — Peat of the
Triton Bowling Club Hon
ored.
The thirty-eighth annual festival of the
San Francisco Sonuetzen Veroiu will be
held to-day at Shell Mound Park. Very
tempting cash prizes will be offered for
target competitions anJ $100 is among the
prizes offered for bowling contents.
The monthly medal shooting contest of
the California fcchuetzen Club will take
place to-day at the club's shooting park
near San Rafael. First-class sport is
promised.
The monthly shooting contest of the
Eintracht Schuetzen Club will take place
to-day, also nt the California Sehuetzen
Club park. The prizes are handsome and
valuable.
A new gun club, which will be known as
the Swan Gun Club, has been organized,
with A. Stattler as president ana L. T.
Cranz st-cretary. The club is composed of
twelve members, who have leased some
grounds near Alvarado for duck-shootine
purposes, which are said to be perfectly
dry and fres from salt water. They ex
pect to get good morning and evening
shooting in the stubbie fields.
John Peat, ex-president of the Triton
Swimmiu* and Boating Club, was pre
sented last Wednesday with an appro
priate badge, in recognition of his" ex
emplary merits and faithful and efficient
services.
Mr. Peat has been identified since the
early '60's with rowing, bei:i<r one of the
charter members of the old Neptune Clnb,
ana still an enthusiastic oarsman, as evi
denced by his trips in a gig to Sausalito,
Angel Island, or other points of the bay,
which are of common occurrence.
To-l>ay's BHsebali.
The line-up for to-day's ball game at the Fol
som-street grounds at 2:30 p. m. will be as fol
lows:
San Franciscos. Position. Oakland
Monahan ..'.Second base Wallers
Kruc ........ ..........Short stop Ar;eit
Levy.. ; .....Left field Acnew
Leonard Right field Keating
Murphy First base..... '..Donavan
Sweeney .....'ihird b«se... Pequinry
Zann Center field Davis
Scott.;;* '. Catcher ......Hurdle
I berg .Pitcher.. ...........Shea
The St. Mary's and St. Ignatius College base
ball clubs will play ball at the Presidio grounds
to-day at 2:30 p. m.
NEW JO-DAT.
GOLDIURE,
Liquor and Opium Habit — Cures Guaranteed !
No publicity, private sanitarium, best facili-
ties, lowest charges. home treatment, book
free, fifth year. Any inebriate of sound mind
can be cured and will remain cured.
GOLD CURE, 808 G ST., Sacramento, Cat.
The most certain and safe Fain Remedy. 'Instantly
relieve* and soon cures all Colds. Hoarseness, .Sore
Throat, Bronchitis, ' Congestion* - »nd : Intlamm*-
Uoas. - 6Uo per UoiUe. bold by utvutslu* ;
■ FTEVr TO-DAT-BRT GOOT»«.
FRENCH CASHMERE FLAMED, new importations. . .... sOc per Yard
22x45 DAMASK TOWELS, knotted fringe. .T. . . . . . ... . . 25c Each
26x20 DAMASK NAPKINS, fine quality and new designs. . S3— per Ooz.
6S-IMI BLEACHED SATO DAMASK, to match.... . . . $ I -22 per Yard
104 WHITE BLAXKETS, strictly all wool S4 — per Pair
114 WHITE BLAMETS, all wool .._....'.. 55-22
124 WHITE BLMKETS, all w001......... $6 -
A large collection of Novelties in Hemstitched Towels, Napkins, Table
Cloths, Tray Cloths, etc., at - - - - VERY REASONABLE PRICES
SE HABLA ESFA.KTOIj.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VILLE 33E3 PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
half II TAILOR.
PRICE I
THIS
WEEK
When you take Into account what
you pay at other houses.
Pants to Orfier-.--.-S 3.50
Pauls to Order 4.50
Pants to Order 5.00
Sniis to Order -••■•• 10.00
Suits to Order . .... 13.50
Suits to Order.. . 15.00
Perfect fit and best of workmanship guaranteed
or no sale. Don't fail to examine our goods before
buying elsewhere.
GRAND OPENING
Of New Store, 844 and 846 Market St.
New Goods at All the Stores.
SOl an.l 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bush.
724 Market and 1110. 1113 Market St.
JOE POHEIM,~THE TAILOR.
tBSF/> ' l o o
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of the age in the treatment of nil Chronic.
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men
and Women.
* Disease:* of miner, middle. :
ng;etl and old men "which weusen
the body and the brain, causing ner-
vous debility in all its distressing
forms, such as drains which sap the vital-
ity, weak and failing manhood, aohinz
back and ; diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele. hydrocele and in many j
cases degradation and untimely death,
positively, permanently and forever cured
by Dr. Sweany with his new treatment
which is the result of years of study,
practice and experience.
Bleart, Brafn, IVerves and
Itloml. If you have a <iizziness of the
head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathinz and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling and fear of
impending danger or death.- a dread of
beine alone or the reverse; if your mem-
crv is failing and you are gloomy and do-
spondent nrid feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the nerve*, brain, heart and blood. r You j
have no time to Jose. Gall at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. I>i*c:ise»
•©<* Women scientifically treated and
Invariably cured.
THE POOR of this city who call at his
office on Friday afternoons of each week
are welcome to his professional services
free. -
Yon can lie cured at home.
'Write' your troubles if living away from
the city and are unable to call. Letters
are answered in English, German, French,
Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish.
Correspondence strictly cohfidsntlal.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent frej on ap-
plication. Address
nR F 1 SWFANY 737 Market SL.
Uli. I. L. OflLHIlIj San Francisco, CaU
COSMIOFOIjIT A.TV.
Opposite V. 8. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., San
Francisco, Cal — The most select famtU- hotel ia
the city. ■ Hoard and room 91, $1 25 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Koums 503
and 75c a day. Fine coach to and from the- hotel.
.Look tor th« coach bearing the name of the Cos-
mopolitan Hotel W'M. t'AHiiV, Proprietor.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T/-EAKNY AND WASHINGTON STS-BB-
JX modeled and renovated. KING, WAIiD js CO.
European plan. Kooms 6Uc to *1 50 per day si
to *e> per weak. $8 to »30 per monta: tree bataj-
hot aud cold water every room; tin graiej ia
every room; elevator run* uilmsat -
■_________ '" ' ' ' ■■ i
Wmgm. MANHOOD RESTOREDIS«
mLm wJ attm r lunilllVWl* life** I Wlll»l#Vluliz«r,tlieprescrip.
■Tv <*>' \\ Er >S» ■*?* & tionoi a ishhoub French physician, will quickly cure you of all ncr-
■ \\\ jcA) \V' ', \\ ? ous or diseases of the generative orsang, such as Lost Manhood,
I n kamJ V# t4x*J Inpomnia^Pains In the Bock, Seminal .Emissions. Nervous Debility!
I V#^» \ '««#' Pimples, Unfltness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varlcocele and
3 V£ / V ■ "/■' Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night. Prevents quick.
$ -N«. f, ■-. ness of discharge, which if notcheckert leads to Spermatorrhoea and
■ BEFORE ... AFTER all the horrors of Impotency.CUf»XDE»E cleanses theliver, tha
S "r k W n eys ttndthe " rlDar y° r s anB of aU imparities. «v«t,u«
•*■ . CIIPI'KBSE strengthens and restores small weak organs.
- The reason suf/ercr. are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are troubled with
Proaiatltf*. CDPIDENEIs the only kno.n remedy to cure without an operation. 5000tt>stimoni-
als. A written trunrnntt'p given and money returned If six boxes does not effect a permanent cur&
}1.00 a box, six furss.oO,by mall. Send for circular and testimonials.
▲ddreas UAVUii MUUi.Ci.NJC CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. Forsalaby
JsltOOKS' fUAttMAUY. U» PoweU«r»ob
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Liverpool & London & Globe
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. i). 1895, and tor the year
ending on that day. as made to the Insurance
Comm'ssioner of the State of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
- ~ - ■■ ■
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock paid up in
cash J1 ,228.200 00
ASSETS. , .
Real estate owned by company .... ? 5,797,664 96
Loans oti bonds ana mortgages .... • 8,348,067 77
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company ... 29,116,018 73
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and o her market-
able securities as collateral 2,818,431 64
Cash in banks..... 165, 700 40
Interest due and accrued on all")
stocks and Joans < ...„..
Interest due and accrued on bonds f *«>iOiu 70
and mortgages. .....J
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion. 1,540,774 02
Rents due and accrued 1,745 27
Due from other companies for re-
insurance on losses atreudv paid . 1,106 94
Annuities, life and reversionary in-
terests purchased by the c0m-
pany......... 1.832,896 31
Total assets $53,047,816 69
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid .")
Losses in process of adjustment |
or in suspense i- $728,085 00
Losses resisted, Including ex- 1
penses j
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $5,8
02a 75; reinsurance 60 per cent . 2,921,011 38
Gross premiums on lire risKS run-
nine more than 'one year, $4,5 76,-
-000 71: reinsurance pro rata 2,353,10183
Amount reclalmable by the insured
' on perpetual tire insurance pol-
icies..... 331,215 81
Liability under life department 29,334,740 09
1 Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 14,056 00
All other demands against, the
company... 849,733 02
Total liabilities «a 6.531.942 63
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $8,015.492 21
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds stocks, loans and from
other s;urces ;. 944,663 46
To. Income. $8,960,165 67
EXPKXDITUKES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $4,391,251 42
Dividends to stockholders 1,283,829 00
Paid or allowed tor commission or
broKerage 1,208,977 52
Paid lor salaries, fees and other
charges lor officers, clerks, etc 616,707 12
Paid for Stale, National and local
taxes 151,610
All other payments and expendi-
tures 602,079 90
Total expenditures $8,254,462 75
FIRE.
Losses incurred during the year.... $4,391,258 42
RISES AND PREMIUMS.
Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during
the year.... :... $2,289,415,250 $11,334,540 96
Net amount of risks
expired during
the year 2.344,242,285 11,374,256 50
Net amount In
force December
31,1895... 2,027,508,105 10.418,023 46
. ' J. M. DOVE, Manager.
T. I. ALSOP, bub-Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to beforeme this 14th day
of ApriL 1896. W. J. SULIH.
Vice and Deputy United States Consul at Liverpool.
\
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
No. 422 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
CHARLES D. HAVEN,
Resident Manager. *
if2ARNYS» ■■■'*;■ ; :
I THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE,
your eyes and lit them to Spectacles and Ev»
glasses with instruments of his •»*n Inventi«-.-~_
wbo-se superiority has not been equaled. My suff-
cess has been due to the merits of u.y work.
ufilee Hoars— VI to 4 p. m.
i •. - • .■■•.•■
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINEBB OFFICE of the San Francisco CaU/—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street,
corner Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:SO o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until fl:H0 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, ope*
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street. oo»n until <»:30 o'rlopk
CHURCH NOTICES.
~CH URCIToF^CHRIST '." SCIEN-
t£Z£7 tlst— Services at 11 a. m. in Beethoven Hall,
336 Pest 81., cor. Powell. Christian Science Bible
Lessons, International Series. Subject: ••The
House of the Lord. ' " Science and Health " study
Thursday, at 8 p. M.. in Mystic Hall, Red Men's
building, 320 Post street. AH are welcome.
jP-= THE FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH.
C£3? SW. corner Geary and Franklin sstruts.e u ts.
Rev. Dr. Stebbins. minister. The Knaday-ac 1001
is at 9:45. The morning service is at 11 o'clock.
Communion after the morning service. The even-
Ing service Is omitted. All are cordially Invited.
■^g§=> SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH. COR-
W-& ncr of Twentieth and Capi> sts.— A. J.Weils,
pastor. Mr. Wells will preach at 11 a. it., on
••Can We Trust the People?" and at 7:45 P. M.
will deliver the first of aseriesof lectures on ' Con-
science in the Cuizen." The special topic to-night
will be "Poetry and Politics." At 6:45 Dr. Dan-
ziger's Bible stuuy. A Congregational meeting
on Friday evening. All invited. Sunday-school
at 9:45 a.m.: MUs Hobe, Superintendent. Pas-
tor's residence at 20 Liberty 8U . . .
SJssf= CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
fEZ*? corner of Powell and Geary sts.— Rev. John
Hemphill. D.D., pastor. Services at 11 a.m. and
7:46 P. K. Topic, p. v., "Midnight Songs." Morn-
ing music: "Tf Deum" by E. Marzo. Offertory,
tenor solo, "Then Shall the Klghteon-i shine," from
oratorio of Elijah, D. M. Lawrence. Evening
service, ••Jubilate- Deo." A. J. Schnlocer;- by
special request ».rs. Priest Fine will render "The
Holy City." All are cordially invited.
W5S= FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH, EDDY ST..
IKS' near Jones— Rev. M. P. Boy ton, pas-'
tor. Services Sunday. September 6. 1896. Preach-
ing by the pastor at 11 a. m. : subject, "The Sev-
enfold Lite" (communion after sermon), and at
7:30 p. m.; to- ie, "Satan's Three Lies." Baptism
at evening service. Sunday-school at 12:30 p. m.
Y. 1. S. cf C. E. at 6:30 P. m. Prayer-meeting
Wednes day evening, at 8 o'clock. All these serv-
ices are open 10 the public. Strangers are especially
welcome.
f^jS- PLYMOUTH CONGREGATIONAL
m^-^ Cnurch, Post su. near Webster— Proiessor
R. R. Lloyd will conduct the services at 11 a. m.
aud 7:45 F. 11. Sunday-schools 11 a. m. aad 12:30
P. K.
»^2S» CALIFORNIA- ST. M. E. CHURCH,
sS^S' cor. of California and Broderick sts.— Bishop
C. D. Foss, D.D., of Philadelpnis will preach at 11
a. m., a d the pastor, Rev. W. R. Goodwin, D.D.,
at 7:30 p. m.
■K-^ FIRST CH RIST I A N CHURCH.
IS**' Twelfth St., near Howard— Preacniug at 11
a- m. and 7:45 p. m.. by Hey. Frank S. Ford, who
begins his labors as pastor of the church. Subject
of forenoon discourse, -The Power in Salvation";
evening, "Whnt Think Ye of the Christ?" Sun-
day-school at 9:30 a.m. Seats free. Public cor-
dially invited.
jtrlF~ FIRST NKW JERUSALEM CHURCH
&*& (Swedenborgian). O'l-arrell street, between
Webster and Fill more, services at 11 a. m.
The ltev. D. V. 1 owen will preach. Subject for to-
day. "Conscience." Sabbath-school at 9:30 a.m.
All are cordially invited to attend these services
Seats free.
ft^S=» LATTER-DAY SAINTS HOLD SEKV-
m<£r ices (-very Sunday at. K. of P. Hall. 909 .Mar-
ket su -"school, 10 a m. Services, 11 a. si..
7:45p m. subj ct lor evening service, "Why 1
Am a Mormon." by B. W. Henderson. All are
welcome. No collections.
Qr^SP REORGANIZED CHI'HCH OF JESUS
t^Jy Christ of Latter-day Saints, 320 Post st.
Preaching at 11a. m. At 7:45 p.m. Josep:i Luff
will preach. All are welcome. C. A. Parkin, pas-
tor.
B^rS= DIVINE SCIENCE SERVICES AT
»-»^ Home College. 3360 Seventeenth st., bet.
Mission and Valencia, at 2:30 P. M. Discourse by
M. E. Cramer; subject, "Why Will Ye Die?"
DIVINE services
tSZS* 'P 'Vl ri~ will be held on the com-
ing New Year at the Temple, 115 Turk su. by the
cantor, S. Go.dstein, residence 1514 Buchanan
street, near Geary, assisted by a talented choir.
Tickets to be had every Sunday till holidays, at
the Tern pie.
tts2*=mm. t>—> REV. M. GoLDIN
&<& I I' I H l«'ill hold divine ser-
mm t I'll I vices during .he ensu-
ing holid<i.-s at dowry's Opera-hall, corner Grove
and Liguna sts. Tickets to oe hud at the above hall
to-day, 10 to 12 a. m. and 2t05 P. K. On Sunday.
Sept. 6, and Monday, Sept. 7, all day. Also at 508
Fulton st. Tickets, *1 and &1 60.
gj^gp- THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY — FREE
sS^C^ public lecture every Sunday evening at
Golden Gate Hall, 025 Sutter St., at 8 o'clock. To-
night, "The Other Side of Death," by Dr. W. W.
Gamble.
R^jK= THE THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY—
fcf* 6^ Free pnolic lectures every Sunday evening
at 8 o'clock in Portala Hall, Native Sons' building.
414 Mason st. To-night, "Are We Free?" by Miss
Marie A. Walsh
■KS=» A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THIS
S^^ WEEKI V CALL, Id wrapper, tor mailing.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
iSp CALIFORNIA STATE SPIRITUALIST
; -^ Convention, Golden Gate Hall, Sutter st.,
beu Mason and Taylor. Sunday programme:
10 a. m., overture by Young's orchestra: address,
H. D. Barrett, president N. S. A. ; vocal solo, Mrs.
£. Sherwood; address, Thomas G. Newman of
San Diego: remarks by W. P. Ho worth of Los
Angeles: test* by Mrs. Hen lee-Rojers, Maud
Frietac, Mrs. Mayo Steers. Mrs. Place, Mrs. Colby,
Mrs. Sbriner and Mrs. Winch-
2 p. m.— Overture, Young's on hestra: address,
N. F. Ravlin: vocal solo, Mrs. E. Sherwood:
leciure, W. J. Colville; violin tolo, E. A. White-
law; tests by Maud Frietag. Mrs. Cowell, Mme.
Young, Mrs. Griffin, Mrs. Robinson, Mrs. Ladd
Finnicun.
7:30 p. m.— Overture, Young's Orchestra: ad-
dress, by H. D. Barrett, Pr sident N. S. A.: vocal
solo. Mrs. E. Sherwood; address, by Mrs. E. Wat-
son; vocal solo, Mme. Waltz; violin solo. Pro-
fessor Whitelßw; form tests, Edward K.
Earle. Come and hear the truth. Admission to
all Sunday meeting?, 10 cents.
■^2*=- AT 997 M.-iKKKT ST. ("FIRST PRO-
-BS<j5 r gressive Spiritual Church"): 11 a. m.. test,
developing circle: 2 p. M., flowers, articles rend,
Mrs. Dunham, Bird, Mr. Hansen: 8 p. m.. full
names 01 spirit friends, Mrs. Harland, Warren-Mc-
Kee. Entertainment and dance Monday evening,
7:30 sharp.
ftd3p~AT~bß. RINSES SPIRITUAL MEET-
B^ ing, 909 Varket St., 11 a. m., 2 and 8 p. m.:
circle and form tests: Mines. See ey, Dunham,
Bird, Cornelius. Fix: K. A. Stilt's social and enter-
tainment, September 7 at 909 Market St., a p. m. ;
at office 10 to 5 p. m , 909 Market st. . . .
BC3F» MOZART HALI, 13.-8 MARKET ST.,
Zb^jS' to-nifiht, a striped prison suit will be
worn by Rev. Mr. Howland, ' The Sinning Evan-
gelist," at his spiritual test meeilng; flowers and
articles read, no fraud or trickery connected with
these meetings; admission 10c
EXS 3 " GOOD CITIZENSHIP MEETING, MET-
St-» ropolitan Temple. Sunday. September 6. 3
p. m. Address Dy W. T, F tenor of Seattle. Sub-
ject: "Is Papalism Conservative of Good
Government."
flfr^sp W. J. COLVILLB LECTt RES IN LOR-
IE>^ ing Hall, cor. Eleventh and Clay sts., Oak-
land. Sundae, 7:30 p. m Subject: "Essential
Elements of True KelUion."
SlP3?* OAKLAND PSYCHICAL SOCIETY,
CF-» r Fraternal Hall. Washington St., Bp. m. Lec-
ture by Dr. Davies. Questions answered and read-
ii.g.t by M me. Montague.
ItsS* EXPERIENCE MEETING ATMOZART
m*& Hall, 1058 Market St., 2 P.M. ADDIE
SWAIN'S talk on reincarnation and materializa-
tion free.
IKS* MRS. SHRINEK, HASKINS, ROBIN-
]^£ ? son, Aitkin, spiritual meeting to-ni«ht: 2
hrs. devoted to tests; 111 Larkln; all mvlteo; 10c.
»- ■*, A TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT. 10c.
»-*' MME. YOUNG, 605 MoAlllgterst.; all skep-
tics invited.
[•E55 3 MRS. MAYO STEERS, SHORT TIME
tb-^ only: private readings, «L 1015 Market,
room 19.
|t:^» TEST MEDIUM EARLE AT HAMIL-
tt~»^ ton Hall, Oakland, Thursday evening, Sept.
10: 10c. ' '
JET^S= TEST-M. ETING 2 AND 8 P. M., 10c.:
S^^ X A. stltt. 335 McAllister. Skeptics invited.
|f^3j= MRS. FAVKE TEST- M BETING TO
lk-^s nigh; st 1133 .Mission st. Admission 10 Cis
■pS= MRS. COLBY, 122% OAK ST.: CIRCLES
m-£? Saturday evenings: si :lnesrtailv.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS. ' "
p^S* A. O."hTdI V ISION Na 2.-A %^^
th~-& ! meeting of the committee on picnic \\S>»
will be held THIS SUNDAY, at 2P. m, «Wjj
at Hibernia Hall, 1.0 Ninth su, to com-glf^JU
plete final arrangements of our twent.i- *^cS.
seventh annual picnic, to take place "at liar
View Park, Wednesday, September 9, Admissior
day. • Every member of the committee is requested
to be present.
BAKTLEY LEE, President.
JOHN KKNNY, Secretary.
M. CGORHAM ■
' chairman Committee.
Of lee ORDER OF SCOTTISH CLA .VS. CyTT
t£^& Sixth annual picnic and games 3V. ?i J/4
will be held at Shell -Mound Park on sMxYIKs?
ADMISSION DAY, Wednesday, Sep- 'S^Nt
tember 9. A splendid programme of 34 event!
will be presented. ' Cash - and valuable prizes *tc
winners In all competitions. Game* open o all,
Grand concert of Scotch airs by Greg. 's band
Exhibition Scotch dancing by lads and < lasses
Dancing in pavilions ail day. The best picnic o:
the season: don't mis* it.
Then with us to Shell Mound, away from dull care
The 9th of September with you we would nhare.
Let the young and the old arrange all ihe:r plans
And spend the best picnic a.oni; with t..e clans '
Admission to park: Gents 50c, ladies and cbil
dren 25c. -
Dr;^- IC R. B. RIFLES, ATTE TION —»J
OM^ There will be a meeting of the Picnic
Com ml tee TO-DAY, ai 3 p. m., Mason and<il
O'Farreil s.s. . ■ ■ : • . Xi
BE^S=» K. O. T. M.-MOUIN TENT NO. 5(
W^jSf holds regular reviews every HUKSDA^
EVENING at Fran Hall. F'llmore st, bet. Sut
ter and Bush. Visiting Sir Knights rordiailv- In
vited. 11AKUV a. KNOX, Commander.
K. c. Huff, K. K.
MEETING NOTICES-Continued.
DIVINE HEALING— CLASSES WILL
Ut-i? be formed for instruction In divine science
and bealinc. Sept. 8., hi 2:30 and 8. p. X , Home
College. 3360 Seventeenth St., bet. Valencia and I
Mission: those wanting mental or bodily healing
should a, .ply and join one of these classes. M. E. '
and C. L CR ' ME K, teachers. ■ '
Gfr.lS=» TO iICKiNSK MARI.sK KNGINKKRS—
fit-»^ Suspended members of the . Marine En-
gineers are Invited to attend a meeting at Acad-
emy Hall, 927 Mission st., at 12 o'clock SUNDAY,
September 6. ) y Suspended Members.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
at3S=» GAS FIXTURES MADE TO OHD R;
*~-^ cheapest place in the city. H. HUE-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
JtsS= DR. ALFRED KICHLER HAS RE-
i~~" turned from abroad and resumed practice at
517 Jones st. «-.-•';■
H^ss» DX. T. F. BKENNAN REMOVED TO
»~-^ Emporium or Parrott bldg., rooms 397, 398.
B5S* DR. ALBERT ABRAMS HAS RE-
tr^ moved his offices to "84 Geary at.
HSaj- DR. G. E. SI >BDOKFF HAS REMOVED
EE^s^ his offices to 221/2 Geary su, rooms 1 and 2.
Bjr.-S 3 BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOX $4:
OSS' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Mont St.. room 6. Tel. 6580.
825S 3 BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3. COOK.
**■& Law an Collection Office, 1023 Market su
SITUATIONS WAKTED-FEMAtE.
CX. HANSEN & CO., 110 GEARY ST.,
. furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, phone or mail us your orders: prompt at-
tention guaranteed: telephone Grant 185.
R-. M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET: ONLY
first-class female help furnished; tel. Mint 904
RESSMAKER: GOOD FITTER; WISHES
L/ engagement In families; $1 a day and lunch.
Address A. L., box 90. Call Office.
pEFINKD YOU. LADY WISHES POSITION
XV as companion, or nursery governess; refer-
ences. \ ddreis or call bet. 1 and 3 P. m., at 22
Roach St., beu Greenwich and Fi bert.
IIL'ATION ANTED BY A MIDDLE-AGED
0 woman to do general housework; country pre-
ferred: wages $15 to $20. Call or address 1000
Washington st
Vf IDDLE-AGED SWEDISH WOMAN WISHES
1»1 position as housekeeper; experienced cook, in
first-class family; good references. M. S., box 18,
Call Office.
ANTED —BY RESPECTABLE MAN
with references: invalid to care for. or house-
keeping: ran take care of a lodging-house. Call
Sunday, 146 Eleventh st., MRS. It.
1 i V BOOKKEEPER, BOOKS TO POST AFTKR-
1> noons and evenings; reasonable. Address A.,
box 20, Call Office. . - .
l lf OMAN WITH A CHILD WANTS SITUA-
tt tion to do general housework; city or country.
Call or address 221 Minna st. .' - '
IRL wants POSITION as DRESS-
VJ maker's apprentice. Address it, box 47, CalL
T7XPERIENCED LADIES' NURSE DE IRES
Xli engagement; city or country: terms 30 for 3
necks: will take cases i.i home reasonable. E. L.,
box 8, Call 1 'ffice.
QWi DISH WOMAN WANTS WORK IN PRI-
O vate family; good cook. Call Monday, 1239
Mission rU, beu Eight i and Ninth.
DRKSSMAKER FROM NEW YORK WANTS
XJ work at ladles' houses or at home. 306 Eddy.
VTAN AND WIFE WANT SITUATIONS*: MAN
ItJ. house-carpenter and painter; wife laundress:
first class: from New York. Address N. V., box
57. Call Office. -
pOOD SEAMSTRESS; WILLING TO SEW
VJpart of every day for room and board. Ad-
dress K. 8., box 57. CalL
POSITION WANTED BY COMPETENT PER-
J. son as Invalid's or Infant's nurse: is a first-class
seamstress; city or country. Address C. M., 1106
Mason st.
OMPETENT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
\J In city or country as infant nurse: is capable of
taking charge from birth : best city reference. Ad-
dress P. O. M., box 1 62, this office.
\k' ANTED — SITUATION BY COMPETENT
"» Eastern woman for care of children and sew-
ing; no objection to travel or country; good refer-
ence. Address MISS REVALEON, 327 Clemen-
tina st., city. ....
DEFINE DOE DESIRES POSITION AS
XX lady's maid and seamstress with American
family going South; first-class city references. Ad-
dress C. R., box 83, this office.
UKLIABLK DRESSMAKER WISHES A
XV few. more engagements by the day or week in
families; terms reasonable. ' Address 417 McAllis-
ter su; city.
IDDLE-AGED COMPETENT WOMAN
wishes situation as working housekeeper;
good home, more desirable than big wages. Ad-
dress or call 46V& Tiffany aye., bet. Twenty-eighth
and Twenty-ninth sts.
V' UUJSG WIDOW DESIRES A POSITION. BUI
1 Howard st., room 15. -
OUNG AMERICAN WOMAN DESIRES
housekeeper's position: city or country, or
would do plain sewing. 864i«> Mission st., room 3.
RESPECTABLK WoMAN WISHES SITUA-
tion to do housework: good cook: no objection
to short distance in country. Call or address 504
Jessie St., downstairs.
\OUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
1 ac companion or seamstress In family; no ob-
jection to traveling wi n lady: reference- Address
C. X 4., box 108. Call office.
VOOKQ LADY WISHES POSITION AS
X bookkeeper, stenographer, cashier, entry-clerk
or saleslady : no objection to the country. Address
W. A., box 71, Call Office.
EXPERIENCED SEAMSTRESS WOULD
line the care of linen in hotel, boarding or
rooming house: reference. Add. E. S., box 108.
Call Office.
AN 1 ED— BY A RESPECTABLE AMERI-
tt • an woman, work by the day; is a good laun-
dress and can do any kind of houseworK an I give
good references. Address 36 Ellis si. ; bookstore.
AT" OUNG GIRL WISHES POSITION To DO
X second work aad sewing or waiting. 192-Ji-i
Bush su
OMPETENT WOMAN WANTS POSITION
VJ to do cooking and housework in small family;
understands American cooking; wages moderate;
good references; Is a g«K>d laundress. Call Mon-
j oay, 25 Hyde st., near Go den Gate aye.
KFINED YOUNG LADY WISHES POSl-
tion as companion or ■ are of invalid; refer-
ences. Call or address Advertiser, 701 Stockton
St., cor. California.
SITUATION WANT I- D BY MIDDLE-AGED
woman for light housekeeping; city or country*
references; $15 to $itt Address B. 8.. box 146
Call Office.
/COMPETENT MIDDLE-AGED ENGLISH"
\J cook who can do French and American style
wants .situation; Is nice lannaress; will take
charge of dining-room and kitchen in some nice
Jewish family; wages, $12 to $15. Call or ad-
dress 111 Third.
VRE.NCH GIRL, 28 YEARS OLD. WANTS
1 situation to do general housework and cooking;
good references; moderate wages. Call or address
10 Leavenworth st.
RELIABLE LADY'S NURSE WANTS EN-
gaeements: confinement or Invalid: terms
moderate. Address MRS. STANLEY, 322 Fifth st.
C~ OMPETKNT GKRJI N WOMAN WISHES
1 situation as housekeeper or infant's nurse-
good manager; references if required. Address c'
C, box 1.69, > all Office.
ESPECTABLE YOUNG GIRL LATELY
from Ireland wishes situation to take care of
children and make herself generally useful; Is a
! good, seamstress. Cull at 211 i lnna su, or. Third.
AM RICA N WOMAN WI HEB THE AC-
. quatnu.nce of some one that would give her
; th ■ necessaries of life. Overland House. 533 ,-ac-
; ramento at., room 27.
DRESSMAKER, LATELY FROM THE EAST,
would like a few engagements by ihe day-
terms reasonable. 9151/2 Howard at. '
G" IRL WISHES SITUATION TO Do GEN-
eral housework; good cook; references, all
610 Sto' kton st.
VTORTH GKHMAN GIRL WAN iS PLACE TO
Xi do general housework or upstairs work; wages.
; $20 to $25. Please call 405 Lyon st., cor. Hayes.
. \\f ANTED— POSITION BY A NEAT. OBL1G-
»» in; young girl for general housework; Is a
, good co k and laundress. Call at 30 Valley su,
near Twenty-second, I akland.
HOI SEKkEPKR'S POSITION WANTED.
Apply Ninth sU, room 3.
/COLORED WOMAN WISHES HOUSEWORK
. \J to do. 29 Bernard St., bet. Taylor and Jones,
off Pacific. .
i 1 ADY OF REMNKMENT, POSSESSING ALL
i■> the qualifications of a pleasant companion,
■ also wl.b a fair knowledge of m dlcine, desires a
po itioii in that capacity with an Invalid: no re-
numeration but comfortable home; city or coun-
| try: references. Address L. M. 8., box 40, Cafl.
XI'ERIENCED LADY COMPOSITOR DE-
sire- employment in dally or weekly newsoa-
I per office; city or country: can assist In job ue-
car mem; also proo -re- ding; wages payable
r weekly. Address Compositor, box 82, Call office.
WORKING HOUSEKEEPER WISHES TO
'» take charge of a small hotel or lodging-bouse'
city oriouatry; reference. Address Housekeeper,
box 72, Call Offica _
ITU. .TION WANTED BY A YOUNG LADY,
upstairs work and Bewing. all 1938% Mission.
"13 ESP • (.'TABLE WOMAN WANTS PLAIN
! XV sewing or mending. 650 Jessie st. -
AMERICAN MiDDLK-AG D LADY WOULD
, JX. like a situation with elderly people In this
, city to make herself generally 1 useful. Call from
10 to 2 or address 633 Sacramento su. room 27.
ADY DESIRES PLAIN SEWING OR MEND.
-i Ing, or would like position In :odg!ng-tiouae: i«
' thoroughly capable. Call after 11 a. m., 821 Mis-
sion st., room 3. '
: LIHST-CLAS> DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE
X work by the day: fit guaranteed; reasonable,
44 Sixth St., room 46.
- "U' ANTKD — SITUATION BY AMERICAN
■ " : woman to do general housework ; Is good cook
en I laundre s: no objection to short distance in
country. Address W. 8., box 97. Call.
SITUATION WASTED BY YOUNG LADY TO
lake entire charge of 1 or 2 children: wages
• 25. speaks English and German. Address 2244
. Howard st.
- MIDDLE- AGED AMERICAN WOMAN
i>l wishes situation as chambermaid; is experi-
enced and lompelen ; good references. Address
or cull bet. 12 and 2at 100 lay lor uu, room 1. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
CALIFORNIA OREGON WA SHINCTOV • NEVADA
C O- FIELD '" ' J j*
.pacific COAST branch
WM V BRYAN, - - MANAGER
3<4 POST STREET
v
Z^Stz^e. ;v^?^a^3«rf«^>/^a^r Sept .3yd, 1896
Chas. M. Shortridge, Esqr.,
Proprietor San Francisco CALL.
Dear Sir:-
Experience talks, and it affords me pleasure to state
that while we have advertised extensively this season, including
all the San Francisco dailies, we consider THE CALL in the front
rank for RESULTS .
It reaches a select class of people, and we are more than
satisfied with our investment.
Very truly yours,
SITUATIONS WA>'TED-fontlnned.
7^lTK^rrN~WoljA>rw"loHES SITUATION AT
VI washing and ironing; reference given. Address
55S Minna st.
rpWO REUABL-. SWEDISH WOMKN WISH
1 situations to do general housework or as house-
keepers. Room 16, 775 Mission st. .
YY" ANTED —"REFINED AND EDUCATED
tt middle-aced German widow desires posi-
tion as housekeeper, matron or ladles' companion;
is also competent to teach German: no objection to
taking care of children; reliable references given
and required. Addre.-s ABC, box 16, Call.
ENTS' SUSPENDERS AND MUFFLERS
VT embroidered to order. Boom 4, 101)7 Market.
Rl-SSMAKER WISHES ENGAGEMENT
XJ by the day, or will take work home: uses Mc-
Dowell system; terms reasonable. Apply 653
Folsom st.
THIRST-CLASS HAIR- DREISER AND Ma.M-
X) cure wishes customers at residence. Address
H. D., box 114, Call Office.
YV INCHED . ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
TT Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night;
$1 60 to (6 per week: convenient and respectable;
lr« c bus and batgitr to and from the ierrr.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MAI.E.
HUNTER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment office. 17 Webb st., below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. W.C.YOUNG, mgr
JAPANEBE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
0 best help. 314b Sutter st. : tel. Grant 30.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY ACO.. 640 Clay
C CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best h el n. 4141^ O'Farreil: teL 1- . 424
■|7»LDERLY MAN, STRONG, WILLING,
Xli wants work private family: is used to horses;
gardening and cooking; useful in general: wages
moderate; references. Address A. X., box 4U,
Call Office.
AIUiENER, SCOTt:H, MARRIED. WISHES
position to take charge of private place: good
Cal. references. Address J. T., box 57, Call Office.
\\T A I. D— SITUATION BY YOUNG
<T nurserymen to work on fruit farm; orchards;
big wages not expected. Address S S., box 23,
Call Office.
AN, THOROUGHLY EXPERIENCED IN
wine and brandy making, wishes sit nation In
a winery: speaks French. German and English.
M.T., box 84. fall.
hY A GOOD COOK; BEST REFERENCES.
I > Address Cook, 409 Pacific st.
PRACTICAL HOUBI--PA INTERS AND
paper-hangers, with tools, want work by the
day or piecework for private paries: city or coun-
try; will work cheap. Address Painters, "-72 i/ 2
Clementina St., rear.
A CTIVE AND TRUSTWORTHY MAN
-i» wants work around gentleman's pace or as
janitor. Call or address 1912 Fill more St.. flat 2.
SITUATION WANTED hOB A URsT-CLASS
0 carpenter as carpenter or something else; needs
to worK. Address D., 1060 Howard st.
pAINTKR. TEMPERATE MAN OF 30, CAR-
-1 na^e a. d house-painter and paper-hanger,
wants employment on private place or hotel; city
or country; reference Al; understands care of
horses and cows; wages $20 and fonnd. Address
1 ainter, box 60, Call Office.
ANE WISHES SITUATION; THOROUGH-
Iv understands management of horses, gar-
dening, milking and general work: sober and re-
liable in every respect; good references. J. N.,
416 Broad city.
p ERMAN OF 66, CARPENTER, CABINET -
vX maker, general house repairer, wants position
institute or gentleman's place, city or country.
Address Mll.LK.t, 302 Fifth st.
"ALETORNUR-E TO INVALID GKNTLE-
man; gives massage treatment; has good refer-
ences. Address Vaeu box 76. Call.
V'OiNG MAN WISHES A SITUATION AS
X bookkeeper and enographer; wages uo object.
Address W. R., box -8. tali.
BOOKKEI PKR OR OFFICK WoRK; 10
year-,' experience; salary no object: no objec-
tlon to country. Address M., box 1 1, Call Office.
INi-.MAKER, ALL THROUGH THE BU8I-
'» ness from the grape to bottling, cooper, distil-
ler, etc.; best of reference; married. Address S.
A., box 7a, Call office.
, V SINGLE ENGLISHMAN SITUATION AS
■ milker and butter-maker; tinders ands care of
thoroughbred cattle. Address C. HEW IT 1 , 579
Third at., Oakland. • .
ITUATION WANTED —BY MAN AND
0 wife, to take charge of a small ranch; man un-
derstands general farming, orchard, vineyard. to-
bacco rai.s nt: and curing: wire is a good house-
keeper. Address J. E. G., box 91. Call Office.
IrY FIRSi -CLASS COACHMAN; 10 YEARS'
1 ' experience; first-class city reference; good
plain garde. If necessary: city or country. Ad-
dress C. M., box 15, Call Office. ■
RELIABLE MAN, MIDDLK-AGED, WANTS
Jl situation around . private place; understands
care of horses and cows and can make himself
generally usefuL Call or address Yosemlte House,
1043 Market st., room 40.
"I )RIVKR i,F MILK OR BAKER WAGON
XJ wishes a steady situation; - sober, and can
sneak German; best of references; security. K.
M., box ci. Call office.
JjY YOL G ENGLI HMAN, WITH GOOD
i-» references from England, employment in an
Oakland store with the option of buying a share in
the business after a few mouths' trial. Addiess
P. Ti.OMa>. DlmondP.o., AlamedaCo.
SCOICiiMAN, STEADY, WI-HKS POSITION
to run steam bollprs: can aso run engine. Ad-
drers Kngineer, box 97, CaiL
SITUATION WANTED BY KXPKKIENCED
cook: German: steady and sober; res aurant or
coffee and lunch house; best or recommendations.
Address S. 8., box 2S, Can Office. •
POOD SHOP OR CUSTOM COAT PRE3SER
V X wants a steady situation. Address B. 8., box
87, this office.
OY 16 YEARS OF AGE WANTS PLACE TO
i ■»-* work for board and lodging. Apply 8 Hayes su
YV INCiitSTKH HOU>E, .44 I HIRD, NKA
'' Market— Electric lights In every room; 20(1
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $160 to $6 per
. week: free bus ami baggage to and from the ferry.
ENGINE -:R: STATIONARY AN U LOCOMO-
tIve: all-round machinist: can do plumi.iin:,
blucksmlthlng, pipe-fitting: wants work: moderate
1 wages. Address W. H., box 18. Call Office.
OMPETr.NT MAN WISHES PLACE AS
/ foreman on farm or stock ranch: northern
part of -titte preferred; married; no children. Ad-
-1 dress g. A. F.. Vlsalia, Cal •
C'VOMPETKNI" PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
; .\J engineer and mHchlnlst desires position. Ad-
-1 dress Engineer, 1189 MarketsU; S. F.. Cal.
W* 1 «CHESTER HOU>K, ,44 THIRD. NEAR
: tt. Market— Electric lights In every room: 20J
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per nlghi: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus m\A bairgace to •ml from the terry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
«> GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRLS. GENERAL
• > housework, city and ■ county,' $25: cooks and
downstai s clrls. city, $25, »20; second girl, cfty,
$15. $20: Germcnor Swedish gin for ■ lameda,
2 in family, see party h>re, $25; German siH-aklng
i nursesirl, 12 to 14. C. R. HANSKN, & CO., 110
Geary au .
HELP WANTED-Conti nued.
COOK, AMERICAN FAMILY, $30 TO $35:
laundress. $25, same house: German -r
Swedish waitress. $25, private family; house-
work— Sonoma $25, OakUa.e $25, Willows $25,
and other towns; 16 housework girls, city and
country. $20 and $25: 6 young girls, $10 to ils.
MISS CULLEN, i»23 Sntter st.
ERMAN WOMAN (COUNTRY). SECOND
VJ work, $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
TRTsH GIRL AS COOK. $25 (SAN P.AFAEL).
J- MISSCi LLEN. 323 Suiter su
2WAITRESSEs7~iAME HOUSE, CITY, $20
each; chambermaid. $20, wait one meal. MISS
CCLLEN. 323 Sutter st. -
GIRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
various positions. German employment, 306
Mason st. .
YV* ANTE I "-YOUNG GERMAN GIRL FOR
•> general housework. :H2uO Mission st.
rpYPEWRITER TO EXCHANGE WORK FOX
X Instructions in dramatic culture. Address D.
C, box 27, Call Office
LADY AND GENTLEMAN FOR SELECT
drama- 1 • prize club. D. P.. box 27. Call. .
\\T ANTED-GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSE-
»' work. Apply at 4156 Twentieth st,, after
9 am.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON LADIES'
Xj musiin underwear. BAUER BROS A CO.,
647 Market st.
WAITED— COOK AND LAUNDRESS FOR
'" general housework: refrences required; wages
$:0. Apply 1901 Baker st.
IRL TO ASSIST LIGHf~HOUSEWOKK AND
VJ care of ciu.dren, $10. 1451 Leavenwonh,
corner Jackson.
VY r ANTED— KNOW WHEREABOUTS OF
tt Annie uamsey; left her home over, wo weeks
ago. Notify MRS. SCiiUDEL, 1518 Mission st.
1 ADY FOR HKCKP'fToN-ROO.M IN PHYSI-
Ij clan's office. United States Industrial Agency,
j room lbs, Crocker building.
V»' A -TED- A SALKSLADY FOR FURNISH-
■» ing goods department. Apply Monday moru-
lng. RAPHAEL'S (Inc.,) 9to 15 Kearuy st.
ANT; D— NEAT, HONKST YOUNU GIRL
or elderly woman; good home and small
wages. 2420 Howard st.
\\' ANTED-GIRL~BETWEEN 12 AND 14
»» years o assist; good home: small wages. Call
bet wee i 1 and 4, 9-5 Howard st.
OUSEKEEPKR ON RANCH, with $500:
goo i hme, good security. F. WILSON, Call
Office. 339 Hayes st. ■ ■ - -■ . ■ -
p IHL FOR HOUSEWORK AND COOKING;
VT family of 2. 934 Oak su. cor. ScotL
V EAT COLORED WOMAN FoR SOME
i-\ gentleman's mending. Address C. W., box 9,
this office.
ANTED— GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
housework. 696 Baker st. ■
WANTED— A BKIGUT WOMAN TO SELL
' ' goods r. talL DR. H.. box 16, all. .
\\r ANTED — TEACHER TO. HELP YOUNG
" man with lessons 5 evesilngi In ihe week; one
| that can play piano preferred; give name and
reference. 8.. box 91, Call Office.
YV ANTKD— YOUNG UIKL FjII COi KING
tt and downstairs work. 1130 O'Farreil m. •
p OOD WAITRESS. 605 - STAN V AN StT
OOD YOUNG GIRL; SMALL WAGES;
good home. A., box 87, Call Office.
he McDowell DRKSSMAKING school
X fs by far the best place on the entire Pacific
i Coast to take lessons In <lressniaklng, cutting,
fitting or finishing; tne McDowell sys:em of dress-
: making is easy to learn, -rapid to use, makes the
! most stylish and perfect-fittlug dresses; used and
I recommend! d by the leading dressmakers of
America: received the highest award at the
World's and only gold im-da'. at the Midwinter
Fair; we invite dressmakers and young ladies
who wish to improve themselves in this most use-
ful oc upatlon; we would b" delighted to have you
all call: pupils make el- gam dresses lor them-
selves or friends; easy payments: unlimited les-
son); now is the time to enter; pupils guaranteed
positions free. The McDowell Dressmaking
Sciioul. 636 Ala-ket at., opp. Palace Hotel.
Y\: ANTED— PUPILS FOR BEST MILLIVERY
» • school in clt.' ; teacher of lOyears' experience:
largo class now forming tor fall work ; In- ire work-
room; refeiences ulven. 4)oLeavmi\v r st. ■
• A TED— DKESSMAKKHS To CALL AT
M. SKILKR & Co.'s, 8 Stockton St.. near
I Market, where they can fiud the best assortment
I of dress linings, etc., at lowes ' prices.
YV OMAN (20T-> J6): LIGHT HOUSEWORK:
tt $7 monthly; lin family. W., box 15, Call.
I ANTKD— ex peri SALESLADY
" on corsets; references. 1;->8S Ma.k>- st.
YY' AIIER GIRLS WANTED. 817 KEAKNY'
; »* s:ree;.
! EFINED LADY. UNDER 28 (UNINCUM-
j It bered) as artist's model. R. L., box 28, Call.
> pROTi-.HTA.NT GIRL: HoU^r.WoKK: NO
! I wash: wages $10. Befoie 11 A. M. 2t»DlVa
! Mission st> . - -'• ' "
1 ANTKD— ONLY- A : FIR-f-. LASS - OPE-
rator on corsets; high wages; Slngnr sewing-
] machine used; run by electric nower. 1388MnrkeU
I'KUAIOKS ON Fi.AN.NEL OVKKSHIRTB
;and underwear. LXVI STRAUSS <t CO.. 32Va
Ir.-moui .
i I^riL.'.P^y. FlfS ND CONVULSIVE DlS-
l* i-. ses cured by specialist. Address E. F., box
i 57, ( all Office.
DHIuSSMAKEHS (CUTTERS AMi FITTERS)
for families: waist and akin hands or shops;
! positions free. -WELL'S e-chool, 636 Market.
I ADIE.S TO SKLL MY LET SIECIAL-
•X* ties: can learn , hairdressing,' manicuring and
beauty cuUure free. MRS. IiUTLER, 13. Post su
AIK-D».Es>nlNG; MANJCUIUNG LKss».»N3
given alls-> Dv V LX. 212 Powell s'... 106 9th.
1J AiKUKKSniNU. 250 AND 1 .^.V . MOKNINIi
XX mid evec! asset; 101eg«oiis.$l 60. 1-4-. Mission.
; L'LY.NN'S DRESS-CUTIIHG bCHOOL: TOES-
X days free; 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
OST CONVENIENT AND RKSPKCTABLK;
Winchester House, 44 Third •:.. near Market;
-00 rooms: >5c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $3
)it «ft: ',r»» 'I m and i air_-.-\-.- • oun 1 from ferr*-.-
MALE HELP WANTED..
'. ANTED— 6 MINKRS, i ss2 : MONTH, GOOD
■ " mine; experienced- young man for wine-
-1 cellar, short distance In country. $26 to $30 per
mo'ith and found, good; steady position; olack-
smith helper for ranch, $-6 an found, steady job
'and good place; butter-maker, $30, Sonoma
; County; baiter, small country shop, $30 and
found: 5 more men to pick grapes, $19 50 per
month and bo.r.i; 100 men, women and children
to pick hops in .WauiPda County, tents, etc., on
the ground; 2 farmhands, : $26: 2 ; farmban Is,
small ranch near city, $16 and found; also cooks,
■ wallers dsh«a>hersand others. W. D. EWER
& CO., 626ClavsU
U. r ANTED— SECOND BUTLER. $40: WAIT-
TT'er, plain hotel.- $25; second cook, country
hotel. S<6; ~ cook. $8 a week : J a riese cook, $20,
i etc LEON AN DKE, »16 Stockton sU.
VY r AITER: $30: COUNTRY HOI EL. HOTtL
1 '' GAZE! TE, 420 Kearny st.
: VI AN TO MAKE 5 HIMSELF USEFUL
1 -I" around hotel for board and room. 419 Bra
; 1 an st. ■ '■ ■-- . - .■ : : ; ..- ■ ••.-.-.- ;
HELP WANTED— Continued.
QECOND COOK. COUNTRY H'VTEI* $30;
0 neat young wait r for snrin s, $25: ironer who
can run Tyler machine, hotel laundry, $30: 2
Eastern club waiters, $40. C. K. HANSEN &
CO.. 110 Geary su . - ■
SCOLi RED EXTRA WAITERS FOR COUN-
try hote. : free fare both ways: call and no fee;
call to-day (Sunday), office open 9 a.m. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary si. _^
oa LABORERS to wokk a mine, FREE
£-\J fart-, see boss here, steady work, $20 and
j found per month: 20 hop-pickers; 3 farmers, $20:
3 hay-pres-i-TH, $1 25 a day: dairymen, $20:
choremen, $16: 2chorebirs,slo: call to-day (Sun-
day) ;rom a. MURRAY <t R i-. AI) Y. Lead-
ing Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
OPEN TO-DAY (SUNDAY). SEP I EMBER 6,
from 9a. M. MUBi'AT* READY, Leading
Employment Agents. 6:-4 and 636 Clay st.
ANTKD— A PHYSICIAN OF integrity,
*' energy and skill to assist In an office practice
devoted cxc usively to diseases of men: answer in
own hard writing, truthfully stating full particu-
lars. Address Doctor, box 109. Call Office.
EXPERIENCED CLO rHING SALESMAN AT
XJ RAPHAELS (Incorporated). Apply Monday.
TMRST-CLASS FINISHER FOREMAN
J wanted. FINK A SCHINDLEB, 1309 Market. i
THIRST-CLASS HARDWARE SALESMAN IS
X 1 wanted at once; also an experienced traveling
| salesman in gents' furnishing goods line; also 3
! good, experienced waiters for a popular restau- ,
rant; a good clothing salesman tor city firm:
those holding certificates In U. 8. Industrial
Agency or others are eligible. Room 165, Crocker
building. •
AN THAT UNDERSTANDS POULTRY
and do cooking for 4 men. 612 Haigut st.
J>OY WANTED. 11l CLAY STREET.
O MCI TORS FOR STAPLE ARTICLE; CITY
and country. Address A., box 2, Call.
WANTED— BLAC KSMII H' AND A WHEKL-
'» wrlght or woodworker to join me In a novel
enterprise; small capital; a good chance for sober,
I Intelligent men. Address or call S. M., 405 Minna.
OY TO MAKE HtMSI-.LF USEFUL AROUND
saloon; $2 60 per week. W , box 3, Call.
A TED— GOOD, TRUSTY WOMAN: GOOD
»» home and small wages; Protestant preferred
X.. box 3, Cain ifllce. Oakland. .
bISHWASHKR WANTED; WAGES $15 AND
\> room. 1805 Halghu _^
YOUNG i.MAN TO HELP IN BAKERY.
X 17 and 19 Powell St., opposite Baldwin. -
LUMBER Hi-.LPER WANTED aT 2931
X Folso •■ st. . .
\%' ANTED - ASSISTANT CONFECTIONER,
*T immediately, at POEHLMANN'S, 401 Post.
L'BEK-A 5 YEARS' RiGHTTO A RELIABLE
X I party to manufacture the bisrge^t selling ar.lcle
on earth; must have smallcnpital to work the
business. Address M., box 108, Call Office.
WANT' d— Tailors to CALL at M. sei-
» » LKK&CO.' S, 8 Stockton su.where can be found
the best assortment of trimmings at lowest prices.
OURNKYMEN BARBERS' LOCAL UNION,
No. 27, J. i->. V. A. Emplmnt bureau, ' 102 7th.
UARRbRS 1 PKOTKCTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
1> mem secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 057 Clay.
■ AJtRERs— FOK EMPLOYMENT ALL SKC.
1 > P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS 325 Grant aye.
WAM'iD-AN IDEA; WHO CANTHINK OF
" some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth.- Write JOHN
WKDdERBL'RN A CO., DepU L, Patent Attor-
i neys, W asninrton. D. C, for their $1800 prlss
| offer and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
I LEA NEK FOR DYEHOUSE. GOLDEN
\J Gate Dye Works. 342 McAllister st.
CLOTHING CUTTER WANTED. 20 SAN
J some st.
\\'ANTED-FOB TUE UNITED STATES
»' Marine Corps, U. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less th in 5 feet 5 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and sneak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to becom • citizens will be
accepted: this important branch of the naval
servic ■ offers special Inducements; giving oppor-
j tunities to vljit all parts of Hie world on board our
new c ulsers. For further in forma: ion apply at th«
Recrui Ing Office. 20 Kills St., San Francisco, CaL
\\T ANTED— HAN. APPLY 108 CLARKE
'» St.. Caliorula House. ■
TV B WANT TO ENGAGE ENERGETkTmEN
11 and women to represent ■ the "Ladies' Home
JournaL" Write or call at 78 Columbian Bid., S. F.
WALDo HOUSE, 765. M1N10N BET.
1> 3d and 4th— Single lurnished looms, night 1 5c to
£oc;week $1 tos2 uO;reudlng-room;striclestatten-
tion to morning calls; clean: quiet: opt>n all night.
U anted- .me:: 'io-.-1.-arn barber"
. ■ » • ■ uade: only 8 weeks remilred: tools given and
CBtaiocne senu 8. F. Barber school, 1515 Howard.
W"" 7 A A TED— 50 ?! IN FOR SINGLE ROMS;
$1 weeK, 25c night. 321 Ellis st; Rosedal e.
* V* -H A -SO LING, bite; . LADIES, 40c. ;
done while you wait. 6.8 Market, opp. Palace
i Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will & Fluck's.i3.F-
-j ]>OUM.-. 100 T>» 75c i't.H NlUilT: 600 TO *1 50
XX, i>r»pi..;. ■ «»rn?nial,-2as,Drnmmsu
LOSING OUT Nr.W AND SECOND-HAND
) shoes at SOc on the $1; this week only. 959
| Howard st. \ . '. - .
ANTE —500 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
*'! Loots and shoes. E. KENDALL, 635 Mission.
1 ARGKST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
XJ on hnnd: shoes 10 order, $3 50; band-sewea
shoes, $5. 7261^ Howard St.. bet. Third and 1 onrth
WINCHESTER HUlhK.' 44 1 HI RD SI..NEAK
Market; 100 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading-
room: free bus an I baggage to and irom the ferry.
TRY ACME UiiUSK. 957 MAKKI-.T sT., BE-
-1- low Sixtn. for a room: 26<- a night; $1 » week.
i INi/KLL HOOSK.. MXTII~A.M> HOWARD
;.' ■ sis. ; single •■nrnisned rms 7ficwe^k. 16c nlsh:.
EB.-REiiOVl.l) FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
• Cay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch. sc.
(ilk MEN TO TAKE LODUINU AT lOC. 15c
X\i\J and 20c a night, including cvlittM ; ana ton*
IX* Washington st.. near Kearny. .' - , ■•■ '-.
BEST IN CITY--SING" X* ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
26 tents per night. $1. $1 25, $1 50 per weak.
Pacific Hotise. Commercial and Leldesdonl st*.
\A/' ANTfcD— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
•' to know that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.. ■ lid
largv rooms; 250 per nigh*.: $1 to $3 per weei^
WANIKD— SINULK RuoMS, 160 A DAY: $1
' v «ek; rooms for two. 26c a day, $1 6W a week;
rtadlDr-room: dally papers. . 36 Clar st. .
| ...B.N xo Fu.ii,i> ...;..MiAnA.\ oiovti. FOOD;
.'I all grocers keep It -:'-* , - ■ ■■"■ -i
\\r ANTED, 1 v COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
j '» er-Ktcler^^. K MIX Collection A«cv. IH> Wn-te r
i \\rtC AUK SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
! '» your o d shots and make them like new; done
while you n ait: ladles' sotelng. nailed 35c: men's
j soleing, nailed : 60c. ; inachine-s-wed 75c.; band-
' sewed 65c: tine shoes made to order from $3 up;
1 we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by wa.er, at
less than one-fourth their va ue. from 25c. up to
»2 r>O. 56-' Mission St., bet. Firs', and second. '-
~ :•: \ -TYPEWRITERS. ~~~-
A : i.IGRAPH. $15: KEMINUTON, SCOTT
& li ANN AN, 333 Montgomery su
AGENTS WANTED.
GENTS — "PERSONAL RKCOLLECTIONS
of General Nelson A. Miles," commander-in-
chiei of the United S.ates arm/, and the gr.-ate.t
of Indiai; fighters; the most remarkable book of
tne century : apply at once for choice of ten orj-.
t. IKKSO-N, Manager Subscription Depar ment,
THE WHITAKKK & RAY CO., 723 Market St.
11/ ' ANTED—LADY— LADY OK GENTLEMAN""! 1
»» travel and appoint local agents: reference;
$b5 and expenses. Box 770, San Jo<e.
A GENTS WANTED FOR THE B ST, QUICK-
JA. est and most popular proposition In ihe West;
$60 » month 204--06 Leavenworth St.
LADY AND GENTLEMEN AGENTS- GOOD
address. 48 Flood bui ding, 2to 3 Monday.
INTELLIGENT BO'.K CANVASSERS
J. Standard Dictionary Agency. 93 : J! arket st.
AGENTS; BIG MONEY; LAThST PRuPOSI-
tlon. - Baxter lortrait Co., 432 Sutler st.
GENTS! BRVAN. SEW ALL AND FREE
silver; McKlmey, Hobart and protection;
every voter will buy one or the other: do you want
the profit? T. PERSON. Manager Subscription
Department The Whltaker & Ray C 0. .723 Market.
ROOMS wanted. ~~~~
K'^^6^^wa"ntes~b y"~fi r ß^^G£Xss'BßEis^
maker; sewin/ part payment. Address C H.,
box 15.
W ANT ' X AXEOUS.
X\T ANTED— ROLLER-TOP DESK, FOR CA^II;
'» must be 5 feet 6 inches or larger. Address
Room 23, Luning Building.
JEWELRY WANTED IN EXCHANGE FOR
d ' 96 Rambler wheel. Address J. W., box 97,
Call. .
GOOD SECOND-HAND REVOLVING BAR-
ber chair: state price. Address F. J., box 52,
Call Office.
ECOND-HAND NATIONAL CASH REGIS-
O ter. 125 Seventh su
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry to A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth st. send postal.
LD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
KJ r•■ watches repair-.'.. Ml^l). 133 V a Mission.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
U OTEL7 l LA RaETBAbB ;"FrvE~L^ATiwT
owner retiring. Apply to DECKER, 1020
Market su
30-room house: $500 cash, haL payments... sl6oo
22 rooms: corner bouse; new .; 450
14 rooms; boarding bouse; 40 boarders 1250
90 rooms; guaranteed to clear over $150.... 370
18- room house on Sixth st 400
Hotel and rooming-houses; all sizes md prices.
Apply to H. C. DECKER «fe CO., 1020 Market
st, opposite Fi-th.
99 NEW FURNITURE FOR LOTS $2500
*->— 16 rooms: clear'ng $50 250
28 rooms: making money ; ... 475
ISO rooms; clearing $500 7000
10 rooms; clearing $50 300
. UN DERWOOD & CO- 765 Market st.
KO-ROOM HOUSE: . CLEARS $150: PRICE
OO $1000. A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
9(YKOOM LODGING-HOUSE; CHEAP FOR
£*\t cash: best buy in the city. Call or address
room 2, 1063 Mission st. •
1) AKG A IN: FINE WELL-FURNISHED
J-» house; 20 rooms: steady, wel.-paying, respect-
able class of patronage. 26 Ninth st; no agents.
LODGING-HOUSE; 15 ROOMS: BEST PART
city for worklngmen: $25: water free. 544 6th.
HOUSE OF 19 ROOMS FURNISHED OR UN-
furnished. 706 Van a ess aye.
S-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE: WELL FUR-
I- 1 Dished; must sell. Apply call Office.
OOD PAYING LODGING-HOUSE OF 14
VJ rooms: clears $50. Address 8., box 113, Call.
tIfOAA 14 ROMS, ALL FULL; HALF CASH.
tJpOUU. b.ilance roomed out. C, box 17, Call.
OA H>>USKS; $300 TO $8000. PHELPS &
O\> ' P.. 917 Lark-In st.
FURNITURE FOX SALE.
I L'iKr. SALi--:
1 Prices bland till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets... .„... $1853
Bed lounges , , M B'J9
Stoves ..; 753
Carpets, per yard 55
I Linoleum, per yard 65
Matting, per yard 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner bevenin ami Mission sis. i.
NOON AN.
yURNI-HED FLAT ON A VALENCIA-ST.
Jl corner for sale at a great sacrifice If sold this
I week: 6 rooms and bath completely and newly
I furnished for housekeeping: must be sold on ac-
count of departure; no agents Address D. N. E.,
box 112. Call Office,
JAA CAKPi CHAMBER SETS. $14:
I "v» stoves, $5: parlor eels. $20: folding-beds,
$10; outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY, 764 Mission.
AT L.' J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. Fort
lowest prices an household goods new or ;oi>J j
up new: r»«'i or! imp or)>n i"v»niii^i
FURNITURE ANTED.
r pAVHiGHBsT
\J price* for second-hand office desks or take
them in part payment for new. GEORGE 11.
FULLER DESK CO.. 638 and 640 Mission st.
rV»O SELL FUKNITURKTO ADVANTAGE TRY
1 M. SILVKRST..IN.969 Howard st. ;send postal
UCKINGIiAM FUK .ITL'KK CO. PAYS
-L> highes- price for furniture, carpets, etc. : send
postal. 866 Mission st.
IF YOU'.WAM' GOOD PIUCEii FOR FLRNt-
ture and merchandise op«« BURR 211 Larkia.
C. MUTHER, 632 MARKET, PAYS HIGH
. est cash prices for furniture and merchaudlse-
IN DIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
J. SIMMONS' auc. Co.. 1057 Market., pnvs <- a sh
CARPET CLEANING.
•Tc^A^YAßtTa t" GTtRA^FxVKsfE K^TcARP^T
0 Ceanlng Works. 11 higiuhst.
JONES & CO.. MAIN OFFICE 25 AND 27
Light St.; tel. Jessie lQol.
/ V.lil'ET CLEANING, 3c. ; LAYING. 3c. : KU«
V. 1 samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 Bth s:.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISOUSTEI; WITH
• i poor worK send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. S>63-57 TehamasU: let. So. VJ.
/ >»..\I\LI.N'SL"AKPKT KEATING VVOKKa. JJi
\J Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 126.
S'IEAJICARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
V 7 tin- a» Bth. bTEVKNS. mgr. TeL South -'50.
ARPKTS CLKANKD AND RENOVATKO
Uke new. FERGUSON CO.. 23 Tenth; t*L-
> like new. FERGUSON & CO. 23 Tenth; t*.
South 3tt. D. MACKINTOSH &CO.. successor!.
~j 1- . MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO. • U
tl . 14th ht. : cleaning 3c a. yard. 'iel. Mission !L
'■ BICYCLES.
1/OR SALE— 4 NEW 1896 BICYCLES AT A
r sacrifice 113 Battery si.
"\7"ERY FiNK '96 BICYCLE FOR $20. DAVID
V N. KAWLKY, 31a Market su
BICYCLES AND TAxs'DKMS BELOW COST,
to Cose out stock. W. CRANK, 32 1 Post sU
FOWLER AND BEN HO $60: BEN HUR
J? tandem. Tribune tandem, good as new, $100:
all above '96. DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
AHGAIN IN A STEARNS TA.NDbM; ALSO
1 ■ single wheels. 306 Post st.
ARK CYCLERY-NENV WHEELS TO i^ET;
best accommodations. Terminus Geary. Mo-
-1 Aliiß'.-T anil Powell st. «i>r lines.
FOR SALE-MISCEL.I.ANEOUS.
INGKR SEWING MACHINE; PATCHBR
for shoem ; ker. 633 Shrader st., near park.
VORSALE— AI LAUNCH: FOR PLEASURE
1 party or small towing. Address 8.. box 11, Call
Q>i(\ SINGER SEWING-MACHINE, HIGH-
Jjlu, arm, almost new. 2437 Mission si., near
Twenty-first. ' ' . ;
SMALL SAILBOAT; 6-FEET BEAM; $20.
2311 Mason st.
TpiVE FRE- H COWS FOR SAI E: CORNER
J San Pab.o and Rose sts., West Berkeley.
D-HAND TINNERS' TOOL'S FOR
sale . heap at 1055 (lav st., Oakland.
"STEW 5- DRAWER DOMESTIC SEWING MA-
±y chine: cheap. 1916 Mission st., bet. Fifteenth
and Sixteenth. ■ - . ■■
Oi'lH KGG HELIABi E INCUBATOR. BROOD-
£\J\i er, yard 5,530.2427 Dwiuht way, Berkeley.
4»i-KARAT DIAMOND I% I N C, PERFKCT
stone, but off-co oreo, tor $240 at UNCLK
HARRIS', 16 Grant aye. •
AUS, .-HOVVC \ -KS, CHU - TERS, SH ELY
XJ Ing, etc , bought and sold. 1063 . lssion, nr. 7th.
riOt FEE .nILL, SCALES, LETTER PRKS-,
\J stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. 10\i Clay.
1 UYYOUR BABY CARRIAGES AnDRAT-
• tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First su.
near Mission. ■ "■ ".•;. ■
QPLENDID REMINGTON WRITER.
O $45: Others from $20 up. RE VALK, 409 CaL
I UILKRS,KNGI>kis.2D-HANDMACHINERY
J ' waterpipes. Mclntosh <ft Wolpman. 137 Beats.
(V°L £ ' t KS - >"««•' ING. SHOWCA-K-l
V bar 3 bongh & sod. 1121 Markt.bet 7th & Sin
ALL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
XI. cost; hood lops, $5 50 up: repairing; open
evenings. 3. r. Baby Carriage M fg. Co.. 442 xth.
GOOD SECOND-HAND BOILER: ALSO LOT
 « pulleys, shafting, etc. :W. L. SAN FORA
416 Washington st
O HOkSEPoWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
£* glne; good aa new; $90. Apply 215 Bay st. .
UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES'
doors, mantels, etc for sale. ÜBS Mission.
ONK J'-MAn, MKDII Al-A.NJ» LARUtS SIZS
w ere and bnrz!.-.r proof safe 0 1 * 111 Market 1:
\'ew ranges cheaper than BKCiONI*
-I.' iiand \V. h. RaY M'? Co.. I'J California*:.
\ SEWING MACHINES.
Qj»C UPWARD; KENT *1 50 TO $175
| «ir»J monthly; repairing, 25c; bought and cx-
i changed; needles for all machines. 146 Sixth st.
ALL KIM) - BjLGHi, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
reni»-d. repaired: ow-Bt rates. l'l>s Fourth
PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIES.
SEEDS— NOT PUMPKIN SEEDS, BUT HEED
dry plates, with developers and all r quisites
tor photographing, at Cal. Camera Co., 121 Geary.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
To buyo~r~seliTa "ki^sinlkssof any kind
1 see MVms & GRAHAM. 777 Market, gt.
(H-^MA BUYS BAKERY WORTH $1000; IN ii
<ijpflwv' town 01 ' 20.C00 people; fi;ie w»eonr«>ute: t ,'
pr 'minent corner; low rent: big sacrifice: owner
retiring. See MYKKS <fe GRAHAM, 777 Market.
VI KCH AN I CS, ATTENTION!- 1 000 WILL
'■ill buy a firs -class o;d-estab ishea n achine-
shop tally equipped «or bus! 'ess: tin and sheetiron
work: . galvanizing, galvanized iron, rollers for
gold concentrators, ship tanks and c rburetters;
gas fitting, rooting, plumbing and gener.il jobbing.
See MY£K» & GRaHaM, 777 Market st.
C» - AA PAINTERS. ATTENTION '—1 WElN-
tiP* v'U. wri^ht whitewashing-machine and all
necessary equipments, Including one horse. 2 sets
of harness, 1 cat and 1 truck, wi;h the exclusive
right to operate in the City ami County of San
Francisco. M V i-.KS A GRAHAM. 777 Market st.
»_),-: /l RESTAURANT; JUNCTION OF
— I)\'. principal street: car lines: regular and
transient trade: doing good business: (sickness).
See MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market at.
(Dj-ll PER MONTH INTEREST AND A 5-
W — X room house free for an Investment of $500.
which buys 2 lions s and large stable. MYjIRS
& G AH AM, 777 Market su
UTCHERS. ATTENTION —THE FINEST
X> butcher-shop in San Francisco, doing a large
business: this is a bargain that will not last: in-
cluding all the utensils such a place requires: this
business Is open for investigation: no reasonable
offer refused. See MYERS & GRAHAM, 777
Marke st. ■ ■;_;-■--* , : •
«),-A FINE RESTAURANT AND OY>TER
-<J". parlor: half block from Market sc in
midst of leading theaters and business houses. Sea
GRAHaM & MY EKS, 777 Market su
ffl;jfjA kestaurantTlunch counter
<iT 1 v' V.'. and bar: fine stock of liquor and uten-
sils: in the midst of the working class; fu'l invcs-
tlgation. See MYERS & GRAHAM. 777 Market.
*ft7nn ONK OF THE FINEST RESTAU-
<p < \]\J . rants m city, good location; 'doing
business of $40 per day; established 26 years: has
always made money; stand full Investigation ;
reason for sailing, owner moving into own prop-
erty: and any one wanting a bus ness of this kind •
will find on Investigation all that is claimed for it;
this is a rare chance. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall
avenue.
tfjjT'TTfi partner IN stationery BUSI-
tJpUV_FV/. ness across the bay: Hue locality: good
stock and fixtuies: only object In taking partner
is to have interested party in the business. ,
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. ■
CJtTRfI CANDY FACTORY AND ICECREAM
«JP • O\J par. or, elegant locality; established
long; rent cheap; if you see this place It will inter-
est you, as it is paying well. T. LUBELSKI, 7
City Hall aye.
ffl?9nAA ELKG ANT. WELL-ESTABLISHED
<r — \'\t\J. paying business; a rare chance for
1 or 2 energetic business men; investigation will
show it to be the finest business ever offered for
the money. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ffI»9P.A CIGAR-STORE; SEE IT IMMEDI-
i(JU. ateiy: best bargain offered in san Fran-
clsco. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall avenue.
, djj 1 l\ A A PARTNER IN ELEGANT PAY-
«IP-I V»V»U. Ing office business; a rare chance for
the right man; the tul eat investigation and trial
If required: object for taking partner is too much
other business. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
OTEL TO LEASK fOX A TERM OF YEARS:
new 6-story and basement brink, building, con-
taining £8 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
lieli ed basement: centrally located, half block N
of Market si. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
J mporium building: newly furnished throughout;
furniture for saie on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to b. SILVjs.RBEKU, 320
fr-anstome St.. room 39
If OH SALE— ONE OF THE OLDEST ESTAB-
-T lished liquor-saloons in the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware: bar fixtures
in fine order; has a tine day and night trade; situ-
ated In the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floor- nicely furnished rooms at-
tached; sic kn> ss the only reason for selllnir. Ad-
dress for particulars M. M.. pox 100. Call Office.
T GHKAT SACRIFICE.
A large and complete stock of human hair
switches, front pieces, wigs, fancy goods and fix-
tures, formerly the propertvof MRS. HUBBAKD.
Inquire at DAVIS. HABER & CO.'S, 211 Pine St.,
or a. 1310 and 1312 Market, st.
RARE BARGAIN: IMPROVEMENTS ON
chicken ranch: worth $1000:. for $200: Im-
mediately; long lease: 4 acres: 5-roomed nous?;
$12 60 month. • Inquire Postofflce, Upper Fruit-
vale, Alameda Co., for LOUIS ISAAC'S place.
ANTED— MBS AND WOMEN
for permanent and paying business: work
light and profitable. Call at my office, T. KIND-
LKSPIRE, room 1, first floor, 1152 Franklin st.,
Oakland.
L'-OR BALI-— WELL-PAYING WHOLESALE
r and retail liquor, ciirar and fancy-grocery bus-
iness in a well-known health resort in California:
good reason for selling. For particulars apply
to DAN EINSTEIN, «30 Market st.
17»OR SALE— NICE RETAIL BU . CHER BUsl-
- nes- fitted up for pork packing and sausage
manufacturing; central y located; cheap rent;
good trade. Inquire at premises. 1424 Howard st.
ICYCLE STORE AND REPAIR SHuP;
well established; good location: full line oj
bicycles, sundries, tools, oven vulcauizer: opening
for a machinist. 1118 Market st.
ARGAIN: OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON
cheap: good transient and lodging-house trade;
good cause for proprietor quilling business; rent
$.0. 319 Third St.; no agents.
»l%n RESTAURANT; A PICK-UP; KS-
»H>-1 £t\t\J.t tabiished 15 years: a good business;
reason for sale. retiring; investigation given;
make offer. Apply 29 Sixth St.
(ti^AOA WILL PURCHASE PATENT FOR
rip — ul'u household hardware article; imme-
diate demands; immense profits. Address D.,
box 9. Call.
TtrANTED-MAN WITH $500 TO BUY BON A
'» fide business; will pay $150 a month: half
cash; baance out of business. B. box 20, Call.
PARTNER WANTED IN NICE SALOON AT
X prominent transfer corner; small capital re-
quired: or will sel. as a whole. 317 Tenth st.
C-JllA OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER SA-
<Jp-3"V. loon for 30 years: 8 fine livlng-roome;
best reason for selling. Inquire Call Office.
ONLY $7 : MUST SKLL AT O.NCE; STORE;
fruit, candies, etc; good location: rent only $10;
see this. 1618 Central aye., nr. Mittersl.
ARGAIN; SALOON: BAR RECEIPTS $15
! to $18 dally: rent $20: nep.r San Francisco.
Apply H. M. COVERT, 218 California st.
(Jjj^r. AVERAGE WEEKLY NET INCOME
«JP' O $250 Invested: safe. conservative prospec-
tus, proofs, free. F. DALY, 1293 Broadway. N. Y.
a 1 AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. 1 UWA.N" BUYS
j "A stores: negotiates mortgages on merchandise;
fells on commission. Room 15, 26 Montgomery.
<£♦! Cfl CIGAR-sTORE, WHOLESALE DIS-
<PJ.OU. trie : full value In s.ock; good busi-
ness; rent $20. 28 First. _^
BAKEKY, CANDY, NOTION-STORE; GOOD
option; bargain. Address A. 8., Call Branch
Office. 339 Hayes at.
NE WSPA PER KOUTE IN INTERIOR CITY,
« . close. to San Francisco. For particulars apply
this office.
ILK ROUTE FOR SALE; 20 CANS: CASH
trade. 409 Francisco st., between Powell and
Mason.
A LOON. AND 2 ROOMS TO LET. 829
Howard st., bet Fourth and Fifth.
XPRESS WAGON, HORSE AND STAND
for sale: $60. Apply M. 8., 1422 Broadway.
S.iC RENT— AURANT AND FIX-
-O tures. J. F. PLUMBE. 1402 Valencia st.
T IQUOR-STOKE; GOOD BUSINESS; RARE
Jj chance: cheap. Apply Call Office.
ESTABLISHED COKNER GROCERY AND
bar; account of sickness. 25th and Castro.
DAI V AND PRODUCE BUSINESS; 4 :LIV-
Ing-rooms; for sale cheap. 1008 Hyde st.
IjUNE CIGAR-STAND FOR SALE; A RARE
F chance for the tUht man. 31 1 Bush st.
OLD MINING LAND FOR SALE. E., BOX
27, Call.
KEARN'S BILLIARD BALL, BERKELEY
for sale. Apply on premises.
dT» 1 'A FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE;
«3pl«»U. rent $17: bargain. SKIFF, 921 Market.
* WEEK i s"nEW3~FOB ~S~CENTS _ THB
-V- WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
EDUCATIONAL.
T ADIES AND (-ENTLI-MEN DKSIRING TO
lADIES AND < ENll.l -MEN DKSIRINO TO
XJ join select dramatic prize cicb. L., box 7, Call.
SPANISH SCHOOL: DAILY; $3 A MONTH!
4to9p. m. Boom 10. Y. M. C. A. bul.dlng.
ENGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT: ENGLISH
literature. MISS FAG EN. 427 Sutler st.
ANJO. i lANO, MANDOLIN THOROUGHLY '
taught; 50c a lesson. 125 Tenth su :
IS* E. L. BREEN, MANDOLIN TEAt HER:
Italian method; terms low. 131 Post St.,
room 24: eleva or. . -
S"I'ANISH TAUGHT BY SPANISH LADY;
terms very reasonable. 230 Pa^e st.
BS. MELVILLK S.NYDE.%, 715 POST ST.
vocal music, piano, elocution, practical Shake^
spearean and general dramatic ac.liig a specialty-
vocal classes Monday, Bp. m.; $1. - • • *
ETC.; Prof. De FILIPPE'S
_ Academy of Languages.32o Postst:estab'd 1871
YRES', THE LEA DING COLLEGE, 325
Montgomery st. ; individual . in -traction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegrapuv, etc.;
life scholarship $50: 1 w rates per week and ma
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st'; expenses less and.
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night.
L.MA >.. HYKK, PIANO, MANDOLIN BAN-
jo. 405 Geary, Km. 17: thorough instruction
IJOUKK.PNU, WKITNG, ARITHMTC. GKA JIK
-L>day&nl ht: nocla^ses: $5 month. 845 Mission
HOf. LOUIS MERKI; VIOLIN, MANDOLIN.
guitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary ,nr. Powll!
/ • UiTAR MANDOLIN. PIANO ASH VOCAt,
IT lessons: $3 mo. MARY W I< A U s. 39 Fifth.
LAD\ FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACnT
es plano,3lnglng,Krench:s3 mo. X.14. 1002 Polk:
VI &M } is. KOL > IKK, TEACHERS MAN
IU dolin. guitar, banjo. 93.* Market st.. opp. Mason
KLAftCO" LYCi-.UM SCMOOL OF ACTINU-Z
; Private theatricals arranged; pupils reheaned
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1. O. o. F. bluck. 7th and Mkt
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING ME?
cbanlcal engineerinir. surveying, architpctiir«-
■<ssay: estab. '84. VAN DXX NAILLEN, 723 Mkt
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD. TEACHER Off
-L Violin guitar, manaolin, banlo. 1707 Market.CITY REAX ESTATE. .
G~~'h~kmis sks"^ OO^aXCORPORATED),
VT. Heal Estate Agents. Kent Collectors and
Auctioneers. Office and salesroom, 14 Montgom-
ery st., near Market.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
By order of Administrator, we will sell at auc-
tion, at oar salesroom, NEXT THURSDAY. Sep-
tember 10, 1896, at 13 o'clock m : ---.a- __
] 'IRST— IMPROVEMENTS AT 1225 BUSH ST.
£ and lot 30x137:6, south line, between Hyd«and
l.arkin sts.; house contains 15 rooms an .!^ Tvn
.,OM)-^\V. CUT.. iri'AKHKLL Sx. AM)
O carlo , place, bet. Vouell and Mason sts., being
i."M to 'J-J7l*. ti-Farrell st. and 10 and 1J Carlos
pTace: improvements; several buildings in stores
and flats, renting for about $2*3 per month, and
lot 67:6x97:6 with an L. Terms of Bale as per
legal notice of Bile. ,
BARGAINS, JUST RECEIVED, AT PRIVATE
OWNER GOING TO KU ROPE-FORCED SALE.
Gf 9a a a RTORE, THREE cottager and
b.-SUUO. stable: lot M)xll4; part vacant;
*-'9th st, on line of the M lsslou-st. electric road
branch; this is a grand bargain.
THREE ELEGANT FLATS. „__„„ . ™
CiQAAA SUTTER ST.: 7 ROOMS AND
tJi'UUU. bath each: bay-windows: brick foun-
dation; all modern Improvements and conveni-
ences; rent $840 per annum; 37:bX137:0.
CHEAP LOT. „ ,_,
Q9^AA FRANKLIN ST.; 50x124.
INSTALLMENT CRKSCENT AYE.AND MIS-
<D»O^A NEAR CR!- SCENT AYE. AND MIS-
•tpZOU. sion st.: level lot; $26 cash, balance
$10 per month; Interest at 7 per cent.
INVESTMENT ON MCALLISTER ST.
Ak-i A AAA * FINE NEW ELEGANT
ilM^f.UUl/. flats of- 7, 7, 6 and 8 rooms and
bath each; all latest improvements and conveni-
ences: rent $ 105 per month; mortgage of $10,000
can remain at 7 per cent If desired; lot 60x100.
AN ELEGANT HOME.
QQAnrv MODERN 2-story and J3ASE-
tji/UUU. meet residence of 10 rooms and
bath' laundry, etc; finished basement and attic;
lot i:6:6xl<JO: good house; cost $9000 to build only
a few years ago.
CHEAP PIERCE-ST. LOT.
ffl* 91 AA GOOD LOT FOR 4 FLATS: 36x126,
<IPO±UU. less 10x100.
THREE ELEGANT MODERN FLATeJ.
Oil d 1£ A NORTH OF AND ONLY A
«SID.IOU. few blocks from Market St.; 8, 7
and 7 rooms and bath each: brick foundation,
etc.: street accepted: rent $132 50; 25x87:6
BROADWAY BUILDING LOT.
Cl CH\fi RUSSIAN HILL: A GRAND EAR-
»4D-«-OUv/. gain; good lot for flats; 18:9x60; fine
marine views.
UNIVERSITY MOUND.
C 1 1 1 l\f\ CORNER; 120x100; NEAR 6AN
«JMIUU. Bruno and Bllveraves.; level.
A LITTLE GEM.
©'Finn BAKER ST.: AN ELEGANT,
tJOUUU. nearly new bar-window cottage of 6
rooms and hath; all modern improvements and
conveniences ; cost $1300 to build; can be sold on
very easy terms; nice garden.
FLATS ON BROADWAY.
(JQp-rv/, 2 FLATS: 4 ROOMS EACH; RENT
C — «JUu. $20; street accepted.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
C 1 Cf\f\ NEAR 3D->.T. ELECTRIC CARS;
rj) I OUU. 16th aye., South San Francisco; sub-
stantial 2-story house of 8 rooms; rent $16; 30x
100; bargain.
PARK PANHANDLE LOT.
$2500. OAK ST.; 25x137:6.
FINE INVESTMENT ON MASON ST.
ci'T a aaa 2 houses: rents6o; LARGE
<S)IU.UUU. lot, 63:9x137:6; fully one-half
vacant; if balance of lot is built on could be male
to pay at lesst 10 per cent net on the investment;
In one of the best renting localities of the city.
COTTAGE ON EASY TERMS.
<2177?\ 8350 CASH, BALANCE $20 PER
1. 1 I iO. month: nice, nearly new cottage of (
rooms and bath; large basement; chicken-house:
bay-window, etc; corner; 25x100; near Mlsslon-su
electric cars. _____
CALIFORNIA-ST. HOME.
c?r*.-nrv 2-STORY BAY-WINDOW RESI
CPUUUU. deuce of 10 rooms and bath, etc.
27:6x127:3.
COTTAGE ON FLORIDA ST.
ft 1 7AA NEAR 24TH-ST. CABLE ROAD;
Oil W. rooms, etc.; large lot, 27x100.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
Gi Of MIA GOOD PLACE FOR AN EXPRESS
O._,UUU. man; cottage of 6 rooms and bath
etc.; stable on alley; 24x105; 2 frontages; *3nal
amount cash: this is a bargain.
GOOD HOME ON CHESTNUT ST.
• -;--. i '.'-STORY HOUSE OP 8 ROOMS
• _ — I «J' '. an<i bath; brick foundation, etc.;
deep lot to alley.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
I 000 ELLIS ST.; LOT 55x137:6.
Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Records
which contains a list of properties for sale in al
parts of the city.
G. H. TJMBBEN <fc CO., 14 Montgomery st.
OVEE, TOY & BONNTAG,
REAL ESTATE AGENT&
Rents collected and full charge taken of property
19 MONTGOMERY ST., UNDER LICK HOUSE
C^QQflfl VERMONT ST., NR. 23D, LARGE
COOUU. lot 33x100; 2 new flats of 5 and (
rooms and bath each.
Q^OCA FILBERT ST., NEAR HYDE: 2
«E>-±^-c)U» story bouse of 6 rooms and bath
rents $30: lot 22:6x136:6 feet.
CJQ7PLA TEHAMA ST., NEAR 4TH: IM
«JDO I O\J . provements: rent $34; lot 26x75 ft
©C7?\n FOLSOM ST., NR. 10TH: HOUSE
«JJ)U I O\J, 21 rooms, store, etc. lot 25x95 feet
Qtl Kfifi GOOD INVESTMENT: ZOE ST.
1 >J\J\J. bet. Bryant and Brannan. 3d and 4 tl
sts.; it fiats and rear house; rents $20 per month
©gOAA EASTLAKE RESIDENCE OF I
<DO^U\J. rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; Wash-
ington St., near Fillmore; lot 28x127:8V4 feet.
©fififlfl PAGE ST., near broderick
«I)OvUV/..4 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bail
each; rents $70 per month.
(IJjXQAA NEW RESIDENCES IN PARK
iX)OO\J\J. panhandle. Cole st., near Waller; i
rooms and bath; easy terms.
©4000 Clementina st..near SIXTH;
«J)ttUUIJ. 4 flats: rents $46; lot 25x75.
qPQXnn WESTERN ADDITION FLATS,
•a3OUVi\J. Green at., near Laguna: 2 modern
flats of 7 rooms and bath each; rents $B5; lot 26:9
xl37:6feeu
(29^00 GREENWICH ST.. NEAR FILL
'_ *iUw«< more; large lot 39x120 feet; im
provements two cottages; a bargain.
CHARMING RESIDENCE.
BROADWAY. NEAR GOUGH-LARGE LOT-
-10 rooms, with heater, attic, basement, etc •
owner leaving the city: price $15.000; a bargain.
MCA*£E BKOTHEK^, ~~ ~ ~
REAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST
VAN NESS AYE. INVESTMENT CORNER
<C^n 000 OSK OF THK BEST NORTH-
<3)U\/.v/l/Lf. westcorners: 4-story building ol
8 apartments; modern improvement; finished in
hardwoods; best of plumbing; insuiedfor $30,000
first-class tenants: good income now. and by ex
-pending $10,000 in adding more apartments li
would pay Rood interest on $100,000; an offer it
wanted.
A FIRST - CLASS WESTERN ADDITIO?
HOME.
fflii d 000 CLAY ST., NR. BUCHANAN;
. ID. VJVJIt. 2-story dwelling; 13 rooms; al
moaern conveniences; desirable neighborhood;
offer wanted.
TO EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANCISCO OI
OAKLAND PROPERTY.
©TO (\f\f\ WEBSTER. NEAR VALLEJO
»J^ J ZiUvu. new residence of 16 rooms; al
latest improvements; electric lights: gas fires
■ furnace; natural woods; tinted wails; desirablt
location: delightful home
WANTED.
RESIDENCE OP 4 OR 5 BEDROOMS AND AT
tic; new; modern Improvements: fail of Fill
more, north of butter: worth $10,000 to $15,000.
McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
"IV ILL E. FISHER & CO.,
VY REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 POST ST
c&<)nnn 25.10x137 sunny sidi
tJpZUvU. ureenst., bet. Googh and Octavia.
•e»i or; a folsom ST.. bet. 17TH ANI
»j)ICOU. 18th; street bltumlnlzed; a snap.
Qinnrn 19TH AND CAPP STS.; bTREE'
»>*£.££) U. work all done; very cheap.
<c? onnn 20TH st. AND TREAT AYE.
«JS)«iUUI/. large corner lot.
©1 f\F.fi 2DAVE..BET.CALIFORNIA ANI
OIUOU. Clemen: ss.; $100 down, $10 pei
month: ready to build on.
C« C" A A FILLMORE-ST. FLATS, NR. GOLD
♦DOOUU. en Gate aye.: lot 37:6x137:6; very
cheap; pays big interest.
Full list of improved and unimproved property
on application. ■
' HOCSKS RENTED,
RENTS COLLKCTKD,
INSURANCE PLACED.
WILL E. FISHER & CO.
<SiO^(\f\ TERMS TO SUIT-HOUSE OF 7
(JijOUv. rooms; San Carlos aye., near 19ih.
if-'4OO- -Cottage of ft rooms: modern; one-slxtl
x:a»h. balance same as rent;. Elizabeth, near Noe
iotv!sxii4. ■ . 'l--:l~ -
$800 only-Sanchez, uear 24th: 25x100.
ENGLISH & MDRKiSSEY, 628 Market st.
NEW MODERN COTTAGE, WITH FUCNI
XV tnre: -Jti^xlSO: $3500. ' 2523 Harrison st
CITY REAL ESTATE, 1
jTfADISON & BURKE, KEAL ESTATE I
LVJL Agents: established 1868; 626 Market St. ■
<2£9 ft C\C\(\ O'FARRELL ST., NEAR VAN I
rf^U.U'/U. Ness aye.: » houses; rents $55 ■
»ach; lot 68:9x120 to rear street. ■
<Bil9 00,0, JONES, NR. ©"PAKRELL; 3
tjpi^.VUU. new flats; rented to one tenant;
small outlay to turn into store and 2 flat*.
pLAY-ST. HILL RESIDENCE; MUST BE
\J sold; price reduced from $8500 to 6500; 1320
Leavenworth st. ; 9 rooms, bath; large unfinished
basement; Improvements Al: see this at once.
T> EDUCED; $1 5,000 1 BUSH, NEAR DUPONT;
XV 2 stores and lodging-house; 41 :6xt>3.
T7<LEG ANT MODERN RESIDENCE; 8 ROOMS;
-Ei beautifully decorated; very cheap: third cash;
balance same as rent; 1007 Castro st.
Oil R f\f\C\ GUTTER ST.," NR. WEBSTER:
♦TpXU.UUU. double lot, 90x137:6; four new
flats ; paying over 9 per cent.
$7 CA A reduced from: $9000: PARK
tip I OXJyJ. residence; N. side Fell st., near
Brodericlt; 9 rooms and bath; 25x137:6.
ffijeAAA PAGE, near broderihk; keri-
OUUUU. deuce of 7 rooms and bath : lot 26x
>7 :6. MADISON & BURKE.
0 r,AHA 4 FLATS: STEVENSON ST.. NEAR
«fiSUUU\J. Ridley; rents $44; lot 28x77:6.;
street accepted. MADISON <£ BURKE.
©'-^HO. RITCH, NR. 3D AND FOLSOM; 2
is>iiO\J\J. houses; 2 frontages; pays 12 percent:
lot 25x75.
©QAAA RENTS $338 PER ANNUM; 8
<jpOUUU._flats; Natoma, nr. First; 23:6x75.
©/I f\f\C\ 1307 GREEN ST., NEAR POLK;
JjfiUUU. good house; 7 rooms: 34x100.
T> EDUCED TO $2000; 2 FLATS j SHIPLEY.
It near sth: street accepted; large income; lot
25x75. ?.; : .
©nOAA ARMY, NEAR DOLORES: COT.
O-OUU. tage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner California and Locust; 37:6x107:7; make
any offer. f- . ■-
60x190; Waller, near Scott; 2 frontages; will sell
in subdivisions.
$3500— Hayes, nr. Fill more; elegant view; 25x
105 :X
$4500— 24th, NE. cor. Vicksburg; 60x114.
(4000—65x117:6; BE. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
$2700-Broder!ck. nearßusn: E. side: 30x103.
$3260— Hayes, nr. Fill more: 25x137:6.
*240 C —Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
$2200— Lyon. near Grove; 25x100.
E2oso— Ridley, near Scott; 25x117:6.
$2000 each— 2 lots on Bush, near Broderick; re-
duced from $3000.
$1800— Noe. near 18th: 25x110.
$1300-19 th, near Sanchez: 25x114.
$] 000— Hancock, near Sanchez; 25x114.
»800— Pt. Lobos, nr. 28th aye.; 2jxloo.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
IpOR SALE— BARGAIN: MODERN • HOUSE
1 and lot: 1320 Leavenworth «t., near Washing-
ton; 9 rooms and bath: reduced to $6500; bank
mortgage of $5000 may remain. MADISON it
BUBKJC.
A. H. Lissak. - • ■ O. F. Yon- Khhin.
OF. YON RHEIN & CO.. REAL ESTATE
• Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 613
California street. ;V'?:v'
$20,000— and Minna; 40x77:6 wlthan L;
2 stores, upper flat and rear house; rents $117 50.
$15,000— McAllister, near Buchanan: 53:9 x
137:6; 2 flats, store and coal yard; rents 5205.
$9000— Jones, near Greenwich: 40x137:6; 4 new
bay-window flats of 6 and 6 rooms and batn each;
rents $95. .. . -..
$7000— 2 d st. and South Park lane; 45:6x98;
-story house.
$6500— Pacific st., near Hyde: 23x80; front
house 2 flats, 10 rooms and bath; rear house 4
rooms: rents $13.
$6250— Post St., near Webster: 24x91:6; hand-
some 2-story residence: all modern improvements;
i 9 rooms and bath.
56000— Vallejo, near Sansome; 36x57:6; 4-story
■ tenements : rents $57. •
$6000— Chenery, near 30th; 31x125; rear;
. street on railroad; 123x125; 2 houses
$5750— Green, near Franklin; 28x130; 3-story
house, ■- flaw; 13 rooms; bath.
$5500— Ellis, near Buchanan: 25:9x60; brand-
new cottage; all modern Improvements; 6 rooms
and bath.
$48U0— Powell St., near Pine; 22x65:6; 3-story
house; 18 rooms.
$4Coo— Vallejo, near Leavenworth; 43:9x137:6:
two tront ana one rear house; 10 rooms ana oath;
rents $46.
$5000— near Greenwich; 22:6x137:6; 3-
■tory residence: 10 rooms.
S4ooo— Bryant, near 4th: 20x80: 2-story house
Of 9 rooms and bath.
$3000— Bartlett, near 26th; 25x75; 2-story
house. 7 rooms and bath.
$3800— Han Carlos aye., near 21st st.; 22:6x75:
2-story house. 2 flats, 7 rooms; $2550.
• $3800— Vallejo, near Keaniy: 20xt>0 through to
: Hlnckley alley; 2 flats on Vallejo, 3 flats on
Htnckley; rents $44.
| $3750— Perry st., near Third; 25x75; 2 flats: 8
1 rooms and baths: rents $33 50.
J $3500— Uougn and Lombard; 68x84; private
. resilience.
I SSOOO— Pacific, near Hyde; 20x73: 2 flats: rents
I $26. • ■■-.- ■ '■ - - - -
Hlmmelman. through to Salmon; 20x60;
' house on each frontage; rent £29.
$2850— Broadway, near leavenworth; 22:11z
137:6; rear house and stable.
! $2500— Erie St., near Mission; 2-story house 7
rooms and ba'.h.
I $2400— Kennebec, near Jefferson; 60x70; Gift
I Map No. 2; 2 cottages; 9 rooms and hath : rent 5:2.
Moulton, near Montgomery and Green;
22:6x625t5: 2-story house: 2 flats: rents $18.
$1350— Lincoln, near Jones; 22x70; cottage, 5
rooms.
$1300— Greenwich, near Montgomery. 48:2 x
75; one 2-story and 2 cottages.
UNIMPROVED.
$7000— Filbert, near Leaven worth: 75x87:6;
| will subdivide into 3 lots.
Valencia, near 25th-sU railroad station; 61x
I 117:6 to an alley.
Dolores, from 27th to Army; 3 lots on 27th and
i 5 lots on Dolores.
00— "23 d and Florida: 75x104.
j $3000— *J6th and Bryant: 25x113.
' $IROO— Hydeet., near Filbert; 20x68:9.
$1250— Fair Oaks, near 25th; 26:6x100.
«l'2oo— 4 lots; Ocean road, near 21th; 100x80.
' $1 200— Cor. B and 26tn aye. : 60x188.
$700— Silver uve., near Craut; 50x109; College
Homestead. -
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN JSSTATE.
Church, near 26th; 100x100. ;?.'.:.
Twenty-seventh, near Noe: 160x140.
Twenty-eighth, near Sanchez; 2 lots, each 25:8 x
114. ; ; .
JOHN PFOKR, 3'J9 MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
Safe Deposit, offers for sale:
$6000— A. beautiful home opposite Garfleld
square, on Treat aye.; 7 large rooms: modern ar-
ranged: 10t49x112:a
: $16,000— Mission St., a few doors from the new
Postoflice site; a nice 2-story bay-window house;
■ 10 rooms and bath ; lot 25x85.
«900O— Neb Hill residence; 9 rooms; modern
i arranged.
j *27,500— A prominent Mtsslon-st. corner, 65x
100: well improved: rent 82256 per annum.
Reduced to $12,000— Ninth si., near Mission;
: double flats: bay-window: lot 25x70. - •'-, :■ ..• •■
$10,000— Sixth St.: substantial 3-story house;
• 12 rooms; oatU: brick foundation; lot isx!6o.
I $28.000— Market St., near 12tn; 25x130, with
i improvements.
Fine corner on Steuart st. : rents $125.
I $12,600— Howard St.. near 4th. 2 stores and 12
i rooms upstairs: iot80x8U; rents $75.
$•2000— Thirtieth St.; »-room house: lot 25x125
$3000— 7th St.. near Urannan; lot 25x75, with
Improvements; renting at $. 0. ■• • '
$1800—5 rooms and bath, house corner 26:
St., near Valencia. -', V'-
UNIMPROVED.
$900—25x114: 26th St.. W. a* Dolores.
*3100-OnFillmorest.: 24x82.
fBoo— Noe st., near .HOth; lot 36:6x75.
| QMOAA — ° —
TERMS $500 DOWN.
BALANCE $35 MONTHLY.
" JUST COMPLETED.
ELABORATE 7-ROOM COTTAGE.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., NEAR BAKER ST.
TOBIN & McNALLY, 630 Market st.
OINT LOBOS, CLYFIFhoUSK, 41HT, 42D
-L and 43d ayes. ; choice lots on electric-car line.
13ERNAL HEIGHTS GIFT MAP LOTS; COR.
'.) Powhattan aye., Butler, Banks and Seigel sts.
and Court) and and Crescent ye«.
C. 11. REYNOLDS & CO.. 323 Montgomery st.
ffIjOAAA elegant new residence OF
tJOUI/U, 6 large rooms, bath and modern Inv
■ provements: small cottage on rear of lot; street
• work done. See owner on premlbes, 171 .Kandull
St., near Mission and 30ih.
O DUCAS, 11 MONTGOMERY ST., WILL
►- • sell at a sacrifice:
1 lot 37:6x113, on K. side of San Jose aye.,
bet. 30th and Brook sts.; sewered and mitcadam-
; ized and ready to build on; no reasonable offer re-
fused; one-fiith cash, balance at your own terms.
5 beautiful lots, almost level, cor. Byron and
i Isabel bis.: on Bernal Heights: musi, be sold:
make any offer or terms: 300 feet from- the car;
no better view in the whole city.
• 2 lots on W. aide of Castro st.. near 22d: 25x
114; will sell.at any reasonaoie price yon are v. 111-
I ing to give at jour own terms.
; Also lots in the Excelsior Homestead, Haley
.Tract, Mission road. University, Lou st. and
South Sun Francisco. lam about leaving the city
i and hence will sell all my property at any price.
S. D OCAS, 11 Montgomery st.
TJERMAjS MURPHY.
REAL ESTATE.
.' Loans on first and second mortgages, estates, etc.
: ANY SUM FROM $50 UPWARD.
- , ■ 628 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
LEVANT JACKSON-ST. RESIDENCE; NO.
3009: nearly new: every cenvenlence;
, strictly modern. Appiy on premises after 3r.it
■ only; lot 31x127. .
T)BAlt, 308 FOLSOM BT.-8 LARGE ROOMS
i J.'t divided In flats for 4 families; yards, closets
' and sheks separate: rent $6 to per flat. Apply
' BUBNH AM & MARSH, 6^B Market st.
j»»AA CASH, BALANCE SAME AS HKNT,
JJ)t)UU lor a new bouse on ea-t side of Cole st.,
near Waller: 8 rooms and bath; lareeiot'isxl2s;
. all modern Improvements; Apply on premises.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
CITY REAL ESTATE. I
rTSiE at sacSifick ■
br worth $10,000. ■
olj£>OXn FIXE CORNER RESIDENCE, XE. I
ijT!U-i«JV/. cor. Pino and l.agnna Bts.; contains ■
10 rooms, bath, etc. .•' ' H
©^T^fl COR. SACRAMENTO AND LYON I
0O I O\J. sts. ; lot 25x105: 3-story residence of
3 rooms and bath; stable la rear.
©Qr>nfk SHOTWELL ST., NR. TWENTY-
ODOUU. fourth: 3 flats of 5, 5 and 6 rooms
&nd bath each; lot 25x122:6; street accepted; rent
isa
diO7f\f\ RENT $83; N'ATOMA ST., NEAR
«JJ>^l"U. Fourteenth: Improvements, 2-story
building, containing store and flat of. 6 rooms
above; lot 25x80; street Dltumlnlzea.
&<r)Af\(\ HAMPSHtKK ST., NEAR 21ST;
t& £ri\J\J . new cottage of 5 rooms, bath and
modern Improvements: lot -5x200; very cheap;
eaiy terms can be arranged.
c?o?;aa rent $25; 3 tenements on
is>£O\J\J. Clementina St., near Bth: lot 26x75.
«£/lf\AA STEVENSON ST., NEAR 13TH:
«Jv/VJ . 2-story house, containing four S-room
flats; rent $44; lot 26x80.
QSQ7AA FINE 2-STOKY RESIDENCE JUST-
«B)O I \J\J. completed; 6 rooms, bath and base-
ment; best part of Richmond; lot 25x120. .
BALDWIN <fe HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
/CHOICE LOTS; -.-■■ ■•'■■■
\J BEDROCK PRICE&
©OAAA EACH-3 LOTS ON BOSH ST., NR.
«3)ZUUU Lyon; 25x176 each.
© 1 AA A SACRAMENTO ST., KB. LAUREL;
(fi)IT:UU. 25x108. _
© QQ^A DEVIBADERO ST., NEAR ELLIS;
rjpOZOU. 25x100; street bltuminlzed.
©IA?\A 2D A YE., NR. CLEMENT ST.; 25x
<pIUc)U. 120; $50 cash; $10 monthly.
© QA A EACH— 7TH AYE., NEAR CLEMENT
tlpi/Vl/ st.; 2 lots, each 25x120.
©1 AAA EACH— AYE., NR. CALIFOR-
rJDJLUUU niasL; 6 flats, each 2 5x1 20.
Q1 1A A LAKE ST., BET. 4TH AND STH
ißl] \J\J , avenues. V
5 LOTS, EACH 25x100; BACRAMENTO-ST.
0 cable-cars pass property.
© Q7P\ VERY CIIEAP; FINE LEVEL LOTS
♦IPO • «-'• on 2s thrive., bet. Point Lobos aye. and
Clement su; each 25x1'50: $50 cash, balance $10
monthly; Sutro electric cars on Clement st. .v--*
CUT A A EACH— BARGAINS; 11TH AYE.,
«]p <"'» bet. California and Lake sts.; 2 lots,
each 25xl'~'O; $60 cash, $10 monthly; street work
all done.
GO f\fl() 21ST ST., NEAR DOLORES; 25x
* BALDWIN & HAMMOND, '
10 Montgomery st.
WN YOUR HOME.
STOP PAYING RENT.
.'. You can do It very easily. We will sell you a
lot or house and lot on very small payments. A
lot will cost you from $350 to $400 and you can
pay for it in $5 monthly installments. The street
work is all graded, sewered and macadam-
ized; water piped to every lot; on the lineofan
electric road: best lots for the money.
' DO YOU WANT A HOUSE AND LOT?
If so, come and see us. We have nice new cot-
tages that we can sell on very easy terms. Or, If
you prefer, we will arrange to build one for you.
Prices from $1200 upward. .Apply at office or at
our branch office, 8207 22d st., corner of Mission.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery at.
OTS ON THE PARK.
■i j-.very week the number of lots In the block
bounded by 9th and 10th ayes., II and 1 sts., grows
less and less. Do you wane. one? If so, seethe
property and pick out your lot at once.
PRICE $750 AND UPWARD.
TERMS $60 CASH. $10 MONTHLY.
You will do well to secure a lot now, as you will
never again be able to buy so cheap.
Baldwin & HAMMOND,
■ 10 Montgomery st.
/ i BEAT EXCITEMENT
"Or CAUSED BY LOW PRICES.
64 WESTERN ADDITION LOTS.
81250 UPWARD.
YOUR OWN TERMS.
Last Sunday we advertised for the first time 64
lo;s fronting on Cole, Staijyan, Sander, Frederick
and Be ah streets This Is by far the most Im-
portant subdivision of the year. Owing to the low
prices it bus been of great interest to many in-
. tending purchasers. We advise you to see these
lots at once. You cannot buy a lot In the city at
the price which will compare with these, either for
1 investment or as a residence site. Located near
: the Park, and in a select neighborhood : near the
I site of the Affiliated Colleges, convenient to elec-
-1 trie and cable lines, good climate. The Park pan-
handle Is being rapidly built up by first-class Im-
! provements. We will sell the lots on your own
terms, Street work done. Lots all level and
ready for Dullding purposes. Go and see these lots
! to-day. Our auent will distribute diagrams Sun-
' days on the blocks. ■ ■■
■ ; -■•- - \ .BALDWIN & HAMMOND, .;
J 10 Montgomery st.
M. SPECK <fe CO., 602 MARKET ST. ; BAR-
. gains worth noticing.
<3iQAA CASH » ¥1500 IN MONTHLY PAY-
iJiJUU ments same as rent, buys that lovely 6-
, room cottage half block from Misslon-st cars: thin
'■ property is sold to satisfy mortgage.
' QiQT^vA 3 NICE FLATS ON LEAVEN-
iJOIUU, worth St.; all rented; pays 10 per
cent net; half cash.
Q> 1 AAA CASH. $1500 ON MORTGAGE.
•_ I\J\J\l buys 4 good flats near 4th st.; rents
about $30.
O(\f\ CASH. $3800 BANK MORTGAGE,
«4p i UUU buys 8 nearly new flats; car line; only
few blocks from City Hall; all rented; $47.
i ctnr\{\(\ lash. $8000 mortgage, BUYS
*7p.IUUU 4 Una Hats, half a block from Seventh
and Market sts.; rent about $550. '.
- &(!(\f\(\ 8 5-ROOM. COTTAGES, WITH LOT
(jpDuvUi 112 feet front: good location: paying
over 12 per cent; must sell: loss no object.
QiQf\f\f\ 8 FLATS WITH LARGF. LOT; 2
isO\J\J\J. fronts; rents $1000: near Call Office;
terms, one-half cash ; any reasonable offer wanted.
Qi. ] A AHA 6 FINE FLATS ON MASON ST.;
«Jpl"x.vUU. large lot; rents over $100.
r. ] ' C\[\C\ CORNER (BUSINESS) ON
lt),uUU. Geary st., near Wigwam.
OAF. AAA BUSINESS PROPERTY NEAR
•~ iii.\J\J\J. Fourth and Market sts.; reins
I $4000.
SPECK A CO., 602 Market st.
SOL GETZ <fc BROTH
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS*FOR PARK LOTi
. 9 ' WE BEAT THEM ALL,
Lower prices, easier terms and best locations.
Onr Installments are easier than rent.
<fl»l fIA TO $250— LOTS CAN BB BUILT ON
I (JllvV at once: nrar Mission ana San Mateo
i Electric Car lines; only *5 monthly payments.
- ■■• HOL OKTZ & BROTHKR.
ffl»7C TO $1200— BEST LOCATKD LOTS NEAR
»i 7 I O electric lines, north and south of park;
beautiful view of park, ocean, strawberry Hill, op-
posite new music grounds, and Affiliated Collecej;
$5 and $10 monthly payments-
SOL GETZ & BROTH
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL OKTZ A BROTHER, Owners,
l'.oona A, First Floor, Crocker Buldlng.
augains — — bargains!
tf you WANT a fixe building LOT, WE
X have it. !
I TF YOU WANT A FINE INVESTMENT LOT,
I X we have It. - .■
I>ARK LOTS, MISSION LOTS AND OTIIKR
1 lots at groat bargains, on $5 monthly oay ments.
JACOB HEYMA.V, 11 Montgomery st.
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR A NICE 5 OR 6
room house? Take a run out to the HEY-
MAN TRACT on the J-.1-st . branch of the Mis-
sion-st. car.* and see the cottage now being built
on Alvarado st., near Douglass; material flrsc
i class: house built to last; ovtrOU houses built; a
few lots left: street work done; we would like to
build for you; terms easy.
JACOB HE AN, 11 Montgomery St. ;
rtjj 7'A 40:3x125; E. SIDE OLD BAN JOSE
' »Jp i <)\J. road, 171 feet N. from Ocean House
road: lot surveyed, fenced and graded.
$750—38:6x180: N. cor. Ocean Homo road and
Delaware aye., block 33,'- West End Map 1; lot
Burveyod. fenced and graded; title perfect. CHAts.
C FISHKR, 607 California st. '
©.->! p.7l RENTS $27 PKR MONTH; TWO-
V — I «JU. story; 8 flats; lot 25x80; Perry St.,
.between Fourth and ifth. OHAS.C FIBHKR
507 California at. ■ -
&il'A AS.HBY AYE,, BERKELEY: LOT
<*) ! I UU. 50x135: choice location; part cash.
J. SHIELD!?, owner, 119 Cumberland St., or
U'Nr.lL & CO.. Ashby. station, Berkeley. .
OOD. INVESTMENT; PACIFIC HEIGHTS;
'£ new nouses; all modern Improvements;
lighted by electricity or gas; will sell cheap; line
marine view. Fill more and Green sts.
i » ILL BUILD COTTAGES, HOUSES OR
'V flats at lowest prices for cash or installments
on your own lot or will furnish lot; call and ex-
amine plans. DAN EINSTEIN, Builder, 630
Market st. . . ' " ' '. -■ '■■ -':. '
INULE.SIDK— MAGNIFICENT . RESIDENCE,
-L near racetrack." on Flaxton and Grafton sta.; 11
r00n.3 and bath, wooden mantels: all modern Im-
provements: lot H2:6x125; sold at a great sacrifice,
(i. W. 11. PATTERSON &. CO., 2 Valencia fit.
ON'T MISS THIS: S2OO CASH; BUSINESS
location: lot 40x1 17 ?6 to alley: Valencia St.,
near Twentyflf tb-st. railroad depot; must be sold :
i $3000 can stand at 6 per cent Interest. J. Jt\
PLUMBE, 1402 Valencia st. • ",t "~ -
CITY TJEAJj ESTATE.
CPLEGANT MODEKN residence.
CJ . nw. COR. fell st.
facing THE PARK PANHANDLE.
161 i ) (\(\(\ handsome RESIDENCE of
[JpjL^. UuU. 8 rooms and bath, billiard-room,
vine-closet, etc.; substantially and well built;
learly new: house cost $8250 to build; terms
52500 cash, balance eesy. Call at office for permit
0 Inspect, EASTOX, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
688 Market st.
N EW MODE UN HOME.
ONLY $350 CASH.
BEST PART OF RICHMOND.
A NEW 2-STORY MODERN RESIDENCE
J\. of 6 rooms and bath: all modern conveniences;
'or sale on easy terms, 5250 cash; balance of pur-
:hase price of $3250 In monthly payments, same
is rent. EASroN, ELDRIDGB & CO.,
638 Market st.
HANDSOME FLATS.
ON A CORNER.
NEAR MISSION AND 16TH STS.
d*r"7t^n 2EL*GANT FLATS OF 6 ROOMS
tMI i OU. and bath each: high, finished base-
ment; nearly new: porcelain baths: house wired
lor electric lights and modern In every detail.
• - EASTON, KIiDRIDGE & CO.,
. ; . - t , 638 Market st.
M ISSION RESIDENCE. and 24th m
NKAR CASTRO AND 24TH 3TB.
MODERN AND NEARLi' NEW.
q*Arr\(\ 2-story HOUSE; 8 rooms AND
t3>*xOUU. bath; high basement; handsomely
decorated and In first-class condition; only four
years old. EASTON, ELDRIDQK & CO.,
' • 638 Market St.,
B IG VALUE ' NIC PAIR OF FLATS.
AT A BARGAIN.
©OKfIA 2 FLATS OF 5 ROOMS EACH,
•T!^-«JUU. near Sacramento and Leavenworih
■is.; In good condition; cost over $4500; pays
$ 240 per annum: easy terms: 8500 cash. co..
V EAVrON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
/•'4- v.V;' :■.-.;• 638 Market st.
OUTH OF MARKET INVK6TMENT.
WELL IMPROVED PROPERTY.
NEAR 3D AND BRYANT STS. 5
©rn/\A 2 HOUSES OF 6 TENEMENTS;
JJpOUUU. in good condition; always rented;
pays $600 per year; a sure investment; lot 40x80.
1 1 - v y j ToN, KLDRIDQE & CO.,
638 Market st.
HOICK LOTS. ~~~ ~ ~
\j LOW PRICKS.
THE TIME TO BUT.
mQCAA COR.PI.LOBOSAND3IBTAVES.;
J^OOUU. 120x125; graded; will subdivide.
<StO(\f\t\ COR. CLAY AND SPBTJCE;
«S)OUUU. 102:8.
PAGE, NB. SHRADEB; 25x137:6.
01?OOf;n NW. COR. SANCHEZ; 100x126;
<_5«_yZOU. will subdivide-
Ql 7t\C\ CLAY ' NX " BPR UCE; 25x127 :8V4-
-m. I OFLA 25TH, NR. BRYANT; 26x90.
®QCA NOE ST., NR. 23D; 25x10a
O» Qflfl SIX LOTS IN excelsior HOME-
tJ^yUU. stead; 150x100.
rtUA»crk VALLEY, NR. SANCHEZ; 25x114.
<jj» A<2?) 20TH AYE., NR. Pr. LOBOS; 25x
JJ)4ZO. 120.
©1 ca EACH, J ST., NR. GOLDEN GATE
«3>IOU Park, two lots; 26x12a
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market at.
SHAINWALD, BCCKBKK CO, -UEA.L. JCS-
TATK AGENTS,
. 218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
$2250— 0n1y 100 cash: balance $20 a month,
same as rent; now modern cottage In the Mu*lon;
contains 6 rooms and bath and basement.
5.650— easy terms: $500 cash, balance 820
monthly; new cottage of 5 rooms and bath; on
Church st.: 25x100 feet.
$1600— Capp st., near 15th; 26x75 feet; street
work all done.
- $5250— Price reduced; modern 3-story house of
6 rooms and bath; Webster St., near Washington:
lot 25x97 :6 feet.
$2600— Rents $24; 2 flats on Church st., near
Valley: 4 rooms and bath each; lot 27:6x114 feet.
$251:0— Reduced from $3-50: positively must be
sold; no reasonable offer will be refused; new
cottage. '*■■ . i■ >
$3000— NE. cor. on Bush St.: lot 25x100 feet.
$4250— L0t 54x136 to rear street; good 2-story
house of 7 rooms and bath: also stable, tine gar-
den, fruit trees, etc.: offer wanted.
$12,000— Residence on the corner of Fulton and
Steiner sis-; all modern Improvements: lot 55x
110: will sell house, with lot 27:6x110, for $9000:
easy terms If desired.
$5750— Fiats and rear house; renting for $36:
Harrison st., near6;h; lot 27:6x85 feet.
$6260— Rents $52 50 per month; 2 fine flats of
6 and 7 rooms ana bath; stelner St., near Oak; lot
25x115.
$9100— Paclflc-ave. home; modern 2-story East-
lake residence; contains 7 rooms and bath: lot
25x1'J7:8i4 feet; see this if you want a moderate-
priced home. .. ~ - .;,»* -i--w - .-- »■•
74250— Rents $44 per month; Clara St., near
6th: lot 26x80. < !
$8500— Make us an offer; Pacific Heights resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath; Jackson at. near Bu-
chanan st.: lot 30x117 ft. to rear street.
$4500— Vallejo near Webster St.: finest block
on Vallejost. ; lot 27:6x137:6 ft.; $20C0 can re-
rxinln. ■-'• •■, :;•■
$4000— Near Ellis and Jones sts.: 2 flats of 5
rooms each ; rents for *;•!•>; lot 22x69 feet.
$2200— Offer wanted: 2 cottages on 23d su ; rent-
lntr for *'2O per month.
$5500— Corner Bush and Brodenck sts.; cottage
.of 8 rooms and bath: large lot, 34x100 feet: lot
alone Is worth the price asked; the last of a row of
4 cottages; the other 3 have all been sola within
the past month.
$40J0— Cottage 1425 Geary st., near Laguna;
lot 24:11x120 to rear street: 5 rooms.
$2250— Lyon, near Clay; lot 25x112:5.
$500— Worth $1000: only one block from the
Miss. on carhouse: lo; all ready to build on .
The above is only a partial list. We will be glad
to lurnleh a complete list on application, i
dHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
218-220 Montgomery St., Mills building.
ASY TERMS-UKARY ST., NEAK COOK,
\i 2-story 7-room and bath 'homes; 20 minn
lof Kearny st. ; $JttOO; $500 cash; open daily;
modern. - ■
READ THIS 1 BEST BUSINESS CORNER ON
1\ the ban Leandro road and main street to
Fitchbar;* station; size 100x100: cheap at, $20
per front Soot.
RESIDENCE CORNER, 100x100. 2 BLOCKS
from the San Leandro road; streets graded
and graveled; price $500.
IJUSINE-S CORNER AT FITCHBURG BTA-
BrsixK s (or.N'Ei: at fitchburg sta-
IJ tion; frontage to suit at $15 per front foot. -
ONE ENTIRE BLOCK, 200x600; WILL Rl'B-
divide into 48 building lots; a good buy to hold
or mail at once to home-seekers.
BKST GARDEN LAND IN ALAMEDA
County, for sale and to rent: will grow flowers,
fruits and vegetables to perfection; splendid
chance to start a nursery and grow cut flowers tor
II. l- market.
HER BARGAINS ON THE BEST STREETS
\J In the best situated locality for a growing town
outside the city limits of Oakland; low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc.
THaD. S. FITCH. Fitchburg.
• • W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery St., 8. F.
CC. BEMIS,
• HEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY 3T.
FOR SALE.
$2600— E. side of stanyan sL. bet Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet. ■-
$450— San Curios Villa lot; 100x180 feet.
$6700— 50x127 :6 feet on Jackson st. overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
f 6000— 2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x187 :t> leet; electric road passes house*;
make offer.
58600— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
«Soo— Cholc« building low north of Dark.
iiargal n-BW. cor. Fifth ay. nnd C St.: 109x95 ft.
(jV/Ja^ii NEARLY NEW FLATS ON THE
ypD-iUV/. choicest p«rt of Ashbury Heights
Frederick St., near Asnbury; contain 5 and (
rooms and have every modern improvement; wel
planned: sun in every room; marine view; In
coma ?660 per year: size of lot 25x116. For per
ml- 10 Inspect apply to TOBIN & McNALLY, 631
Market st. ' . •
■\|ISSION COTTAGES.
In the warm belt near terminus of Howard-st.
cars at 24th at. and l'oirero aye. ; all street work
finished; terms to suit. F. NELSON, builder,
f 2Coo— Five-room cottage.
800— Four-room co:ta:e.
• $1650— Four-room cottage. ,-
ÜBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT
$150 to $.76 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
HORSES.
fpHE^E^POBTuM^BALES yards, 22cPva
1 lencla st., Is the place to go it you want to buy
sell or exchange horses, bugcles, wagons or har
ness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
.0/; VALENCIA ST., 20 GOOD WORK ANI
4:ZD driving horses. JAMES FORRESTER
salesman. ' '.■ ■ ■ *
WANTED — CHEAP HORSE AND LIGHI
• i wagon; state price. W. C.box 83, Call Offlop
frr» HEAD DRIVING AA D WORK HORSES
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
L' El BOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SET!
JU of good harness, our own make, of every de
scrlptlon, tor l*ss money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 11U McAllister st..S. F
1 r(\ NEW AND »KCOND HAND HA 11
1 O\J ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be told. 1123 Mission v.
I ARGE YOU DRAFTUORSES; HALTEI
Jj broken; cheap; Hyde ranch. 630 Commercial
F\i\i\ *> - >iKW AM* bt.CONI>HAND HAR
O\J\J ness; all kinds: buggy, waeon, carts, surre
A. rockawav, 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia,
A A HORSES I'Ott BALE; ALSO WAOON-4
tiv/ boggles, carts, harness; Grand Arcade lion;
Market, 3-7 su.h St.; auction soles every WeUne*
liny. BDXILIVAN i DOYLK, Auctioneers. ■ ■
5 JIONEI WANTED.
W"^^NT^D^2^o^rO^s72^oob^lT^C^TßTi
" > i property. £ box 27. Call.
COUNTRY BE AIi ESTATE.
p IL UMBSEN <fc CO. . "~"~~
DAVID BUSH, COUNTRY DEPARTMENT.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
ffl» 4 PER ACRE FOR 6000 ACRES SITUATED
<P^t near Eden Valley, Mendoclno County, with
summer and winter range; well watered and
wooded; two 4-room cottages- barn, stable,
blacksmith-shot) and corral: 1500 sheep, 70
bead of cattle, all the fanning tools on the
place; one of the cheapest and best ranches
in Mendociuo Connty; part cash, . or would
exchange for San Francisco income pioperty.
fltQAfifl 45 ACRES 6 MIIiES FROM ST.
DOuuU. Helena on Ho well Mountain, with a
nice furnished house of 6 rooms, 3-room cot-
tage, stable and chicken-houses; 6 acres In
full-bearing vineyard; 572 French prunes,
4 years old, with family orchard In full bear-
ing; lovely climate and beautiful view.
©1 C(\(\ FOR 26 ACRES, 2% MILRSFROM
51Uuu. Martinez; vineyarJ, orchard, house,
barn and Improvements.
QQ^fiO 7 ACRES, 1 MILE FROM BAN
%S)OO\J\J. Mateo, adjoining Colonel Hay ward's
property: good, hard-finished house; barn,
stable and chicken-houses; a bargain.
ago Ann in ban mateo: nicely im-
POUuv. proved place; lot 100x230; modern
house of 6 rooms, bath; city water: fruit
trees, lawn and shrubbery; will exchange for
San Francisco property.
T7OR EXCHANGE— A NICELY IMPROVED
X place overlooking Lake Merrill boulevard: lot
100x130, with handsome modern 9-room
house; value $9000; will take nicely located
unimproved lots or San Francisco residence,
TJI3CCHANGE— I6O ACRES, HALF A MILE
-Li north of Sebastopol; 40 acres in alfalfa: fam-
ily orchard and vineyard: balance level bot-
tom land, with a nice little lake fed from
spring; good house: barn: all farming uten-
sils; no mortgage; profitable Income place.
T?XCHANGE— THE BELLE VISTA RANCH,
SU formerly owned by Colonel Creed Raymond,
In San Mateo County; 806 acres, with fine
improvements, at $40 an acre; an ideal place
at less than half its cost price.
rXOHANOE-17 ACRES JUST OUTSIDE
-£-< town limits of Hay wards, Alameda County;
all out in fine full-bearing orchard; fine house
and improvements of every description; a
beautllul Income suburban home.
TT'XCHANGE— I7 ACRES, ALL OUT IN FULL-
J-J bearing orchard, in .-anta Clara Valley, near
railroad station; new hous ■ and fine im-
provements, and offered a just one-half Its
. cost ; price $8000
T?OR RENT— FINE RANCH OF 334 ACRES,
X; near Llvermore, Alameda County, and one of
213 acres in Contra Costa County; particu-
lars and photographs at ofllce. __:
8 ACRES, AN IMPROVED . PLACE IN SO-
noma County; orchard, vegetable garden,
house, barn, chicken-houses, brooders, chickens,
ducks, horses and all implements.
WE HAVE A BARGAIN FOR ANY ONE
>> wishing a good 10-acre fruit orchard In full
bearing, only 40 miles from San Francisco; house,
barn, windmill and chicken-bouse; cheap and will
stand strict investigation.
EDWIN K. ALSIP <fe CO.,
Room 29, second floor. Mills building.
EADQUARTERS FOR HOMES IN SUGAR
11 BEET SECTION OF WATSON VILLE.
©1 Or.fi 90 ACRES, 12 IN ORCHARD:
D ■*■•<-' t/VF. plenty of water and good improve-
ments.
<3il £^n 20 ACRES: NICE ORCHARD;
JLOOXJ . running water and improved.
Send for catalogue to
R. P. QUINN. 63 Chronicle building, 8. F.
mo RKNT — BATHER RANCH, CONTRA
-L Costa County, on pan Pablo Creek, 8 miles
from Berkeley: 1150 acres of land, well watered
and wooded; about 350 acres good grain kind;
balance excellent pasture; suitable for milk or
stock ranch; has railroad facilities, K. E. ROW-
LAND, Orinda Park.
A C RST COLONY. . '?
Jt\. At Ashurstyou will have an opportunity to
procure a home that will be self-sustaininc. at-
tractive and profitable, and on terms better than
have ever before been offered. We have our own
homes In this colony and are determine! to sur-
round ourselves with neighbors who wish at once
to have schools am! churches and reading-rooms
In our very midst. We have every facility tor a
grand development. We make It possible for all
who »re enterprising, thrifty and industrious to
make with in homes of comfort and abundance.
Address Ashurst Colony, room 10, Mills building,
Han i rancisco.
L/ ARM ING THAT PATS— &0 CWT. HORSE
l beans per acre, 25 tons ureeu corn per acre, 60
tons pumpkins per acre, ISOO bushels onions per
acre are crops actually raised on land o* Steeie
Estate; richest land in California: in tracts from
5 acres up; also grain and dairy land: price to
■ult the times: terms to suit the buyer: don't buy
poor land: the best is cheapest. 1). BARNARD.
Edna, Col. • : ■. ■ .<* . > -■,• !
ANTED— 3 TO 6 ACRES AROUND FRUIT-
" vale, Alameda or Berkeley, suitable for
chicken ranch: no fancy prices: state particulars.
Address T. 8., box 95. Call Ofilce.
piiICKKN RANCH FOR SALK; 14 ACRES;
\J low rent; 1000 laying hens. C. KNUDSKN,
Petal ma
/•ACRES IN FRUIT, HOUSE, BARN, AT HAY-
U wards: cheap. 872 Washington St., Oakland.
fro LEASK-556 ACRES, BAY POINT STA-
-1 tlon, Contra Costa County. MISS NEELY,
1614 Bush st.
milE FINEST HOG RANCH IN THE STATE
Will be leased for a term of years, or the right
party can secure a half interest in a good paying
ranch property, as the present owner Is not able to
give it the attention It requires; this property is
well improved and well located and capable of car-
rying several thousand head of hog* the year round.
For particulars address X. V., box C'J, Call Office.
ANY ON X WANTING A KANCII FOX
-''v crazln; purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required,
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery at
A LAMKDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CIIOIC-
iv. est in the State; selling in tracts, 6 acres up-
ward, £85 per acre; adjoining lands held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell: 1% hours from S.F.;
easy terms; title perfect. 67 Chronicle building.
f ITTLE HOMES, CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
JU proved: easy terms; also 4to IS acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market St., S. F.
TJ SECTION OF GOOD LAND IN TULARE
XI County, for Improved or unimproved property
In Berkeley or San Francisco. Address A, box 87
Cell OUlce.
MONEY TO LOAN.
N^Y~A»IOUNT~ON B^NDsT~DIAMOND^
watches, Jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and instruments: interest low: private entrance:
private rooms: discreet attendants, at UNULK
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
(•inn |\lin AT LOWEST RATES; CITY
«3)±UU.UUU and Oakland: life insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates; any sum.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEK&CO.. 218-220 Montgy
A DVANCKS ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
jf v jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWKLKIf
STOKE. 918 Market st. : open evenings.
OBEY LYING. JDLE; TAKK AT $5 INTKX-
ost per month for each 1 1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, box 'i. Call.
ONKY LOANED ON JBWEUI' AND'
other valuables at the Security Loan OUica,
1106Marketst..nr. Mason: private rutranc»7 Turx.
I \IKECT ON YOUR FuiI.MTUKK OR PIANU:
JL» no removal: no delays; no commissions: lo v
interest. Km. 68. Donohna bldg. .1170 Marke; si
Cjirv f\(\(\ OR LKs >3 TO LOAN ON CITY
tip Ivf.UUU Improved real estate at 7 per cent
per annum. M. B. LEVY, 30 Montgomery st.
"i NY AMOUNT: IST, V!l> or 3D MOKTOAGK3:
A estates, undivided Interests, real estate in urt*-
bate. McuoliUAX, - V Montgomery, room 3. .
(Jijrrk UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 2D MORT-
tJPDU gages: int. in estates. M UK PHY, 62B ilrkt
. A DVAKUKSOX DIAMOXUSJKWKLKV, .•; iv
/v Columbia Loan & Collateral Otlice. U Grans, a.' •
ONEY TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE.
McKWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery sU
Or? ElM^O A N D ON PIANOS: LOW RAT
11 Stockton st. Tel. No. Black 1201. ' ■
PAWNBROKERS.
wise and SAVE INTEREST; MONEY
loaned on everything. ' Cut Rate Loan and So-
enrity Office, r 7, Flood bldg : entrance SOU Mkt.
l' i-jt> Kj-.akn » ■ .-.'l ; . KOOM. 9— :su>.\ i.v
loaned. watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates;
private rooms: elt-vator: nleriges for sale cheap;
wagons ANl> oakriagks.
ood cutdown" platform SPRING
furniture wagon; cheap. Hfc-NRY SUIND-
LER,«I3O Spear st. .■■■:; •; •
OOD DELIVERY HORSE AND WAGON
for sale. Apply 1619 Powell st. _j__
,VOX SALt; AT iSA^TKU.N^PKICKS, FINE
Jl carriages of every description: cash, notes ' or
Installments. i'«rvill Mf;''!'. 46-49 Bth St.. -S. K.
"" ATTORNEYS-
K^IM^?oIIE~^PAI A^cTtLMiTATTORN EYB*AI
tv law. room 431 Parrott building (Emporium)
* DVJOE FKKE— DIVOKCK LAWS a speci"
A. ally; private; so charge unless successful; all
Jaw suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., ai-
tended to. U. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Maricw.
IVTOAH F. FLOOD, LAWYER, 538 PABJUOTI
XI buildimt: consultations free; moderate fees
T EOAL BUSINESS. TRANSACTED" WITH
Ju out publicity : advice free and confidential. J
G. JEFFKESS, 402 Montgomery St.. room 18.
A D VIC FREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC
cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
\\T F. ARAM. ATT'Y-Al'-1-VW,581 PARI'.OTI
<• . bldg. Practices in all courts charges modcrati
"p w. KING, AITOKNEY-AT-LAW. chron
JL. Iclt- oldc: advice free: moderate: open evng*
FINANCIAI-.
<Ci" f\f\ lr\f\f\TolijOA^fA's LOW AS BANKS
«3)IUU.UUU Apply rm 214, Cal. Safe Dep.Bldg
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
.__ OAKLAND RKAL ESTATE.
TIT ANTED— TENANTS FOR lIOUSES IN
'» East Oakland: we have a long list of houses
or rent from $10 up; many or them . lovely
nouses; if you intend to move soon, call onus:
we can do you good. B. H. WELCH & CO., Real
Estate and Rental Agents, S\V\ cor. of Fifth aye.
and Eighteenth st.. East Oakland.
A SACRIFICE: FHOlt $2500 TO $1900:* FOR
xx immediate sale; nice modem coitage of 6
largo rooms and bath: lot 37:6x100: only 1 blo;lc
from station. H. A. PLEITNKK, Fmltvale station.
WILSON'S INN, ATLAS, NAPA CO.; FALL
» » and winter rate, $5 per week; children, $2 50:
school near; limato fall season specially recom-
mended: mountain air; home table. -
\1 UST BE SOLD— A COZY COTTAGE OP 3
i'JL rooms; 2 chicken-houses; city water: lot 75x
108: fenced: price only $450. H.A. I'LKI i N ;-.R,
Fruitvale station. •' ;
"OARUAINSIN ACREAGE: FROM $500 TO
1 1 $600 per acre; splendid soil; only four blocks
from electric-cars. . ■ ■ • • •
Four lots, 25x125 each; only one block from
electric-cars; price only $425; easy terms. 11. A.
PLEITNEK, Frultvale station.
ffijOrnn ON FRUITVALE AVE.— BEATJTI-
pOO\J\J. home; large lot: stable, etc.; offer
wanted: must sell; photo at office. F. C. WAT-
ON. 463 Ninth st , Oakland.
CJXAA DOWN. BALANCE MONTHLY; A
tJpUI'U beautiful new modern house of 8 rooms
and bath: cement basement; plate glass; beauti-
fully frescoed; fine location: lot 50x150: earsonly
1 block distant; investigate this; price only $4500.
GEO.B. M. AY, 463 Ninth St.. Oakland, Cal.
T?OR SALE— AT HIGHLAND PARK, COR.
. Nineteenth aye. and Twenty-fifth st. ; 101140.x
350 feet; house of 10 rooms; grounds In lawn, or-
mental and fruit trees. Address CHARLES C.
BKMIS, 324 Montgomery St. .
\i V SPECIALTY 18
I>l HOUSE-RENTING IN
OAKLAND.
2 story modern 9-room bouse $25
1-story modern 6-room cottage 16
Upper sunny modern 7-room flat  16
AND 300 MORE.
WM. M. DkWOLF, House- broker and Rent Col-
lector, 1050 Broadway, Oakland. , ;.w'
UILLITPAV? YES!! .SEE ALLE.NDALE
'' Tract at once. Buy a $75 lot or upward for a
borne or paying investment; Fruitvale, adjoining
East Oakland, the garden spot of Oakland; level
arid choice site; streets graded; some macadam-
ised; only a few left; line school; 2 electric roads
near ly: conveyance free: $5 cash and $5 monthly.
468 Ninth St., Oakland, and 630 Market sr., S. F.
H. Z. JONES, owner.;
OAKLAND BO O3IS TO LET.
rpilE ARLINGTON, NE. NINTh'aND
L Washington sts., Oakland: a few choice suite
can now be obtained; table unexcelled; reasonable
rates; unquestlonea respectability.
OAKLAND FCENITCRE FOB SALE.
TAMSAR^DTAM^NIJiriJ^
M KI.LH A AS. furniture-dealer. llth.Oagld
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
alAmeda real estate.
$30~CASHr$2TM6NTHLY; NEW
") — 'IOU. cottage of 5 rooms: large lot, 50x
125, situated close to Bay-st. station.
$2750 — Handsome new cottage of 6 rooms and
both, now buildine; your terms are ours.
$2500 — Cottage of 6 rooms and bath; pretty
garden; close to Chestnnt-st. station, narrow-
gauge railroad; lot 40x140; a pretty home: easy
terms. -•<,-.
special bargains in lots; houses and stores to let
from $10 up. ■■ • •
Office open Sundays and holidays. MARCUSE
&KEMMEL, Bay-st. '.at ion (broad gauge), Ala-
in ed a. <.■■•■ •
San Francisco office, 628 Market st.
17 OR SALE— ■ ;
X House r> rooms and bath, Central aye.: house 4
rooms, Grand st. ; cottage 6 rooms, Everett st.;
on Ion? time and easy terms, or will exchange for
fcmi Fraucisco property. Apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal
Q ACRES OF LAND IN ALAMKDA FOR
0 sale at a bargain: must be sold; land high and
Sry: can be cut tip into lots: please call ana In-
ipect. T. P. BAIRU, 1303 Park St., Alameda.
1/OR KENT— LA E. nicely furnished
X I 6-room cottage, $30; large 9-room house, finely
Furnished, Central aye., $55; large line unfurn-
hl-.e-l dwellings. E. D. JUDD, 1434 Park st.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
"U"OR R ENT IN~ALAiIEDA— AJT^ROOM^COT^
-T tage; large yard, shed and chicken-yard; in
ptrfect repair and handy to 2 stations; 3 minutes
either way. Inquire HOMER P. SAKE, Lick
House Laundry. S. F. .
BERKELEY REAL : ESTATE.
pILT-EDGE BERKELEY CORNER CHE AP;
VT College way and Durant aye.; 50x133: aristo-
cratic surroundings; street work done. J. P. ROSS.
1605 Turk. - - ■ ■ ■
i >UUi) HOMES FOR KENT OB i-Oii SALS
VX ou easy term I.1 '. O. O. MAY «fc CO.. real esiaca,
kulldicz and loans, 2123 Center St.. Berkley.
OS X I'll J. MASON, REaL ..ESTATE AND
t) insLuanr--- i»gvTit. i'erkeJ^v Rintn. adjoining bun';
• . BERKELEY | HOUSES.
7aotta«es^Fth^ k iTtoTe GHrTioo>is7
\J bath: all latest improvements: 10 minutes'
walk to Berry man station. B. S., box 20, Call.
T,^Oll RENT — $80, INCLUDING WATER:
X house of 10 rooms and bath, with garden and
lawn in front; large orchard, also some pas'.ure
land; entire place comprises about lJ acres; street
macadamized; five minutes' waik to train making
ha f-hourly trips to city. For further information
call or address A. J. SNYDER& CO.. 467 Ninth
St., real estate brokers. Oakland. .
OR RENT, NEWLY FURNISHED COT-
tage & rooms, tath and garden, $20. 1932
Berkeley way. Knst Berkeley. ■-■-:,■-
-~ PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
OR EXCH VNGE FOR CITY PROPERTY!
65 acres near Ben Lomon.l $8,000
20 a"res near -Mission >an Jose 4,500
33 acres near Yoantville 3,500
8 acres near San Jose 6,500
40 acres near Saratoga...- 16,000
10 acres near Bri-ntwo >d 2,500
10 acres near 11 uy wards 4,000
All highly Improved, good - paying ranches:
many other exchanges of all kinds. What have
you to trade? F. C. WATSON, 463 Ninth St., Oak-
land. ■ - : >-
£.l\(\ BARGAINS— WHAT DO YOU WANT?
O\i\J 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0.. 510,000
2 stores and 7-room flat in city ..;...... - 6,00 J
60 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to 30,000
100 business places, all Kinds, from $50 o 4,000
H. C. DECKKR, 10-0 Market St., opp. Fifth.
<2>A Qf\f\ TWO COTTAGES, 4 AND 5
i£^.C\J\J . rooms, lot 52x125, on avenue in
Alameda, street work done, mortgage $1800, will
exc.iange equity for small improved ranch in Ala-
nifda County. E. A., box 7, Call Office.
E HAVE REAL ESTATE TO KXCHANGE
in any part of the Union and personal prop-
erty for clear Oakland property: from owners
only. CHASE&McPHERSON, 628 Market, S. F.
\\T ANTED— TO EXCHANGE $2000 EQUITY
«'» In 8- room Oakland- cottage for clear city or
Alameda lot. Address W. D., box 43, Call Office
TMNE CLKAR BEKRKI.KY RESIDENCE
-T worth $4500 to trade, for San Francisco resi-
dence; cash difference on fij;ht place. F. c. WAT-
SON. 463 Ninth st,, Oakland. .
rpo EXCHANGE — SO ACRES rNcri/n-
-- vated land, value $600, 30 miles south of Port-
land , Or., for restaurant or lodging-house In the
city. Address or call 17 Third st , room 22.
Qp-ROOM HOUSE TO EXCUANOK FOR ANY
OU kit,.! of real estate. DECKER, 1020 Market.
1 p.BOOjrfroTSE: 1 FLOOR ALL OFFICES;
1 U only $450; must sell. DKCKEK,IO2O Market.
mo EXCHANGE— BUILDING AND LOT IN
X Chicago, income $50 l er month In rents, for
city clear property. Address NEWMaN, 418
Ellis St., Ban I. rancisco. - :
171XCUANGE— LARGE LIST, OF CITY AND
Jli coantry property. UNDERWOOD.76S Market.
country property. UXDKHWOOD.76S Market.
TO EXCHANGE, FOR COUNTRY -PROPER-,
iy— l2- room modern bouse: lot 64x235." E. D.
JUDD, 1424 Park St., Alameda.
/"I ROCERY AND BAR TO TRADE FOR
VJT small improved ranch. G-, box 6, Call Office.
t.NDi'UIIuUK Ijlsl' WtiKCUAKJiIu..i/..i
for sale. WOOSTKR A Wil li' ,'ii.V. Saa J. M s.
"I QQO ACKKS TI..;BKK LAND, KEKN CO.;
I^OW water: fine for cnttlc-ral^iir;. N..hx. ItS.v.:»ll
-...■ riiOl'EIlTY WANTED.
TDROPERIY WANTED -600 ACRKS OK
JTmore of good agricultural land In vicinity of
San Francisco at bedrock jrlce; state full partic-
ulars. T. C box 97. Call Office.
______________
PBOITEBSIOXAL <Ai:!)s.
FRANK SHAY, attorney- a t^lawTroom
421. four.h floor. Parrotl building (Emporium).
JOHN E. ii ICII AKDsTIa OFFICES. • ROOM'S
O 23 and 27, Crocker buildius; telephone Maiu
75, Kan Francisco. Ca'..
JOHN R. AITKEN ANDMAURICEL. ASHKiU
O aitys a: law, mis 5 la. 5 16. all Boor, t arroi: oldi;.
PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
"VTOTICE •OF WSSOLUTIOS OP
i-> nerihlp— The partnership existing b«?lwetn F.
C WAGNER and L. WAGNER, under the firm of
F. C. tWAONER & I'.KO. was this day -dis-
solved by mutual consent. Owing to ill-health F.
C. WAGNER retires from the firm. LUDWIG
WAGNER will continue the business in the name
Of L. WAGNER CO., anil will pay and collect
all debts owing to and by the firm. '
September 4, 1896. F. C. WAGNER. •
. . - . LUDWIO WAGNER. '
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICE — THE UNDER"
V^ signed have this day formed a copartnership
under the firm name of MARTIN A. .MARKS for
the purpose of transacting a general real es!a
business. PATRICK J.MARTIN.
EDMUND MARKS. '
18 Post it.
- San Francisco, September 1, 1896.
PERSONALS.
d— i will meet^youTat the ACTOR?
j hall, Tuesday evening. ADA.
JAY— MAKE IT TUESDAY evening AT
IYI the actors' ball. Charley.
At V VACATION BEGINS SEPT. 7; ADVISE
J.YI me. Address 3528 Twenty-second st. 96.
TO— LAST MESSAGE ;VERY WELCOME.
O Firm and true. BEN. ■■.■--
WAKTED-BY YOUNG DOCTOR, A POSI-
'» t!on ns assistant In the office of a physician
and surgeon: experience sought more than re-
muneration. Address M. P., pox 87, this office.
T I.NCOLN BROS., CA-II GROCERS. 228
JU s-lxth st. (middle of the block)— Dates, 5c lb:
com starch, be lb; picnic bams, 6c It; bonele=fc
hams, 9c; best sugar-cured hams, 10c; satiiic*
trout, 5c each; butter, 30c roll: etas, 12^c doze>«>,
flour, 75c sack; tea and coffee, 25c lb. LINCOLN
BP>oa, 2 26 sixth st
pLARA— YOU CAN GO TOMB. LEDERER'S
\J now without having to wait so long to get your
hair dressed. Ho has enlarged his parlors and put
In more people, out Irs price Is the same, 23c. G.
LEDKRER, 111 Stockton St.
TF WANT FIRST-CLASS. WORK WITH
X Srat-clasa material, made up in a first-class way,
write W. McCONNELL. l'ainter, West Bergeley.
T ADI S— SEE OUK EXHIBIT OF DKEM
Xj patterns at Mechanics' Fair. FLYNN'S Dress-
cuttinc school. . . ,
*\ ANCING— BALLROOM OR STAGE TAUGHT.
XJ IRVINE'S, 027 Mission St., opp. U. S. Mint.
13 AG CARPETS WOVE ; TOORDER.FOR SALE;
•ii also chenille-wove rags, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er iii carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rate*.
UEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth st. Oakland. Cal.
OR most AUTISTIC HAIRDRESSIATG GO
X I to Up To Date parlors, 850 Market st,, room 14;
hairdressing and manicuring free to all, Wedne*-
day. 10 to 2.
T ADY (STRANGER) DESIRES GENTLE-
XJ man partner; $26 capital. R. 2. 12.' Post st.
A YOUNG MEN TO BOARD AND ROOM; $20
t: each; all comforts of home. 412 Eddy st. .
•TJAIRY PRODUCE, BUTTER, CHEESE, EGGS
XJ aud poultry.wholesale and retail. 1026 Howard.
\\ ECHANICS' FAIR SHOWCARDS, BUS.
■I*l cards, $1 60 per 1000. HILL, 22^j Geary st.
QADIE EVANS' COSMETIC PARLORS;
O manicuring; hairdressing. 865y Market, r. 12.
LINE WATCH REPAIRING, . JEWELRY
-T made order, spectacles repaired, lenses ground :
low prices; fine work. J. N. HRITTAIN, 20 Geary.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
— "V cialty, private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market St.
T\IVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
XJ riage by United States Divorce Bureau; lega
where. Address P. O. box 2432, S. F., CaL,
ffl»/l ANTS TO ORDER; SAMPLE BY MAIL,'
C"! WERTHMAN Pants Co.. 22% Geary street.
IRS. THOMPSON, CHIROPODIST. 101 y 9
J.»I Grant aye-, room 10.
mHE FINEST LINE OF REMNANTS:
X suit to order, $10; pants, 3. Cut Rate Tailor-
Ing Company, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
VI ORRIS BERRY. FORMER FOREMAN
I*l Albert Miller's cloak store, has gone into busi-
ness wiih H. RIFLSIND, and opened an establish-.
merit at 14 McAllister, Bms. 45-46: ladies', misses',
children's clo&ks to order ;fit guaranteed ;low prices
mRUNKS DELIVERED 25C. BAY CITY
X Transfer Company, 244 Butter; tel. Grant 67.
"r>ARTINGTON'S"6CHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
Classes; instructors, J. H. E. Partineton, Gertrude
Partlngton, R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
. A T THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
—X Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for 91; call or write. 1029J/_ Market at.,
bet. sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, Cal.
A LL FACIAL BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
A hair, moles, freckles, ec»rs. etc., removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
TJAZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY; FINK
XVedgeput on razor, 2 sc. Razor Exchze,63oMarket
\TELVET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
V manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome St., upstairs.
"IJIU OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of bail*
cess. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
TjiLECTRIO LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
li Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
SCO rooms, 25c to 91 50 per night: $1 60 to 96 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
T TBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMOND-*, Jhi W-
X-J «lry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st. "'*.>'■ \ .
r\LD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES
VJ cloth ins boncht. COLMAN, 41 Ba. cor. Jessie.
DRESSMAKERS.
QTT£?SH^uITs7 S J U^pT^Kißl?sT^o^ r iJP^
O fit guaranteed. 659y 2 Stevenson, nr. Seventh.
T-VRES-SES *2 UP; WRAPPERS 35c UP;
XJ lawn $1 up. 5053,4 Natoma st., above Sixth.
~~~~ IXAIBVOYAKTS. /
ri itan"a,th e g ypsy'quelenTS' turk st.";
VJT truthful In her predictions; reliable In her ad-
vice; no matter what troubles you may have, come
and she will miide you right; no fake; satisfaction
guaranteed: office hours from 9 to 9. ■ c ' ■
\\rHEN ALL OTHERS FAIL GO TO MADAME
»» SAYLOR, the clairvoyant, whose predictions
luvariaDly come to pass; ladies 25c, sent! 60c
135 Hayes St., near Van Ness aye.
\.| Ml:, ruiil WOMJERFUL CLAIRVOY-
-IVI ant, card- reader, born v/ltli a double veil aul
second sight; Indies sOc, gents $1; palmistry an!
clairvoyant sitting ?1 60. 126 Turk st., nr. Jonev
VfME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELLS
IVJ past, present and future: success to all; for-
tunes by mall; low prices. 856 Mission st. -• ■■■-.'
T ADIES ARIS INVITED TO CONSULT MRS.
XJ DR. WALKER, clairvoyant and palmist, 629
Post st. ■
\1 ME. HANSEN, PALMIST, CARD-READER;
I*l past, present and future: 25c. 148 6th St., r. 5.
mHE LUCKY MEDIUM: PAST, PRESENT
I and future; ladies 25c. 243 Shipley, nr. Fifth.
•\f ISSMELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
IVI of future husband or wife. 766% Howard st.
"RENOWNED GYPSY CARD-READER AND
II palmist arrived; gents $1. Parlor 2, 122 Post.
"Yl ME. MOKEAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEAId
jM past, present, future: 25c up. 764 Howard st.
\1 ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
I*l business advice: name? el ven up. 5 Fourth.
VfME. LEOETTE- PRESENT, PAST AND
liX future; 25c 31 ITehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ME. DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT: 25
ItX yrs Kearny, now 929 Post; fee $1: letter $2. ,
LIFE-READER, removed from 5
VX Seventh to 11 Stockton: ladles 25c; gents 50c.
ME. SYBTLLE SHOWS PICTURE FUTURB
1M husband, wife; ladies 25c, 50c 914 O'Farrell.
/CLAIRVOYANT; LADIES AND GENTS; FEE
\J 25c. 41 Minna si., basement.
SPIRITUALISM. ~~
"\ ' VERITABL- QUEEN" AMONG WOMEN 13
MBS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FEE $1 & UPWARD:
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why thai, look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that life is yet worth living t
MRS". DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this coast In the ten years past, is
stain at her old offices, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on of
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky, love to the loveless: the
separated are united; the sick made strong; th«
poor come rich; if you think your husband, wifa
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortal]
who try so imitate her as the eternal heavens ara
nich above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Shedoes
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cur«
every disease that human flesh is heir to, and u«
matter of how long standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment Dy mall is always most su>
cessfnl and satisfactory. All letters answered.
■ Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE #1 _ UPWARD! FEE $1 & UPWARD!
JUKS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
. 1320 Market su, opp. Seventh,
San Francisco.
RS. DR. MIRANDAS, 1728 MARKET ST.,
S. F.— Diagnoses disease, with full life read-
lna. from lock of hair; this week only for $1 : take
advantage of this rare opportunity: her revealed
medicines work wonders with the alck and af-
flicted. Write address plainly and Inclose lock of
hair. _____
T7IXHERIENCE MEETING. 1858 MARKET,
-Hi Sunday, '£ p. If. Aridie Swain's talk. Theoso-
phists and students of ethical culture welcome.
Tests free. * _____
IMMEXDSHIP HALL, 323 MCALLISTER ST,
F MRS. C. J. MEYER holdsmeetinCT sun., Mon.J
Thurs. and Sat; 7:30; cir. Tue.,Frl. 2 P. M-: sittga
J> ET L RN KD— MRS.MAYO STEERS. TRANCK
XX medium; private readings dally. 1015 Market
su, room 19. ■ '■•■'.
ils. MYKTLE POTTER HAS REMOVED TO
1362 a Market St., parlor 8, second floor.
UISHOP GARRISON, 1370 MARKS 1' : SEAN-
Xj cea Tuesday,. Friday even's, 25c; 10 to 4 daily.
A.M. FKANGIS, ; DEPENDENT aLATK-
. writer. 118 Haight St.; hours 9 until 6 P. U.
RS. KATE HOSK I NS, TRANCE MEDIUM;
sittings $1: circle Tuesday eve. 11W Oak.
HYPNOTISM. __„
H"~~YT^N7TiTs2~ANTj~WrAT! magnetism
practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
sons, also how to hypnotize instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
is here offered to physicians, and students of
science Interested in Ls therapeutic effects; high-
est credentials: correspondence solicited. Cail or
addre3* the Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute,
6 o'Farreil st. . . .
\ STORAGE.
O proof building; advances made. - 211 Larkin.
IT,^CKNITUKE. PlANOii TRUNKS: AD-
X vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOK.2O4 Post.
"T B. SMITH FURNITURE CO.. .182 ELLIS?
_cV_. low rales: fire-proof building; Kastera .plan.
_ ~ TO LEASE.;
: £^R^lc^f~O^nLE^SF^so^A^A^lST"^E!."
X 1 cor. Polk and Jackson sis.: tent $50 per
month. Addreo> <<< £ 427 Sansome st., S. V.
1314
HOUSES TO LET. ■
*(JT»Q REAR HOUSE;~4 ROOMS; 1021 CAPP
«?O. street.
820— sunny bav-wlndow house of 7 rooms and
bath; large yard: 1023 Capp St.
$B— Upper flat of 4 rooms; 1025 Capp st.
■~Mcb.\V_N BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
A«lS\ RESIDENCE; TREAT AYE., OP-
tJp_.U. poslte Uarflcia square; 7 rooms. JOHN
PFORR, 329 Montgomery St.
TjEAUTIFUL EASTLAKE RESIDENCE IN A
X> stylish locality. Western Addition, 421 Oak
St.; between 2 lines of curs; all modern Improve-
ments; containing 8 room* and bath: rent $40.
Q^FyCZ TWENTY-SECOND ST., NEAR DOL-
OuuO ores— s nice sunny rooms; bath; cheap:
$12 50.
_O/T HOUSE, 6 ROOMS AND BATH. 138
tJP_.O. Page st.
,n WASHINGTON ST.— 7 ROOMS; BATH;
_OUy flrst-cla« location. $*2 M with water.
1 OAC BUY A M-9 RUUMsrPARfI7Y~FUR-
-IZUD nlshed; rent $20. L __
VINE ROOMS AND BATH; BENT REASON-
J 1 able. 221 Turk st.
0 ROOMS, BATH, LAUNDRY AND UNFIN-
C Ished basement; front and rear yard for flowers;
on quiet, deliehtful street: opposite private park;
532 50. DKMP-TEH. 36 Glen Park aye., off 12th.
B' AY-WINDOW HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS; 212 i
Perry St., off Fourth: $12 50: water free. Ap-
ply G. H. UMBSEX <t CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
I \ELA\VARE COURT, OFF SUTTER, BET.
If Powell and Mason— 4 rooms, $14; central;
cheap. ; .:'■;'■'■■■
LIBERTY, NEAR VALENCIA, MISSION
warm belt; house 8 rooms and bath; large
yard; cheap. Inquire 706 Ivy aye.
-1 onCl SUTTEK— NICE SUNN YHOUSEOF 10
IOUu rooms; large closets: bath; rent $45;
water Included.
_.Qfk 2814 LAGUNA ST.: HOUSE 6 ROOMS.
<g>Zlf. $14—1831 Union St.; house 4 rooms.
TVTICELY FURNISHED HOUSE IN WESTERN
i.i Addition; 9 rooms. Apply 524 Sansomu st.
HUP ELEGANT RESIDENCE: SW. COR.
\J California and Laguna sts. Go see it.
OUSKS TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN —HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st.
PLENDID 12-KOOM HOU^E, 3392 TWENTY -
O first street, cor. Guerrero, suitable for board-
ing or private residence; very low rent. See it.
' FURNISHED HOUSES.
ROADWAY. NEAR GOfGH; SUNNY SIDE;
completely furnished; 10 rooms: attic, base-
ment, bath und large grounds: rent low on lease
to desirable tenant: will rent unfurnished. Apply
MADISON & BUKKK, 6V6 Market St., city.
TT'URNISHEi; COTTAGE 6 ROOMS: BATH;
jj piano. 30 Dearborn, off seventeenth, near Va-
lencin.
COTTAGES TO LET.
G&TfwTn "COTTAGB IN TOWN; STAY ST.,
<J)JLU.tJ>v/. off Clay, between Powell and Mason.
/"COTTAGE, 6 ROOMS, LARGE YARD, STABLE.
\J 913 Fourteenth st.
/U>TTAGE, 6 RxOMS, CHEAP TO SUITABLE
\J party. Apply B.OV a Jessie »t.. off Ninth.
-I ,<- ., 9 TURK — 4-ROOM COTTAGE; ALSO 3
LO— — rooms: rear; stable and shed. j
<_.! "I NEAT SUNNY COTTAGE FOB SMALXi
« ij* 11 . family. 18 Johnston aye., near Geary st.
(1 TKHAMA — SUNNY COTTAGE 6 BOOMS;
v newly fitted up; large yard: trnt moderate.
/COTTAGE 3 SUNNY ROOMS; LARGE BASE-
\J ment, yard. Harrison St., bet. Twenty-second
and Twenty-third.
UNNY COTTAGES, 4 AND 5 ROOMS. BATH,
O basement, stable. Alleen aye., off 15th et., nr.
Dolores.
UN NY MODhRN COTTAGE, 6 ROOMS AND
bath: large flower garden and cellar. 613 Grove.
Oj.O f MISSION— SPLENDID COTTAGE 8
— C— "i rooms and bath; yard; flower garden; $18.
UKUUCED ALL THOSE NICE HOUSES ON
XV Geary. Sutter. Franklin and other streets; get
list; good tenants wanted. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st.
FURNISHED FLATS.
FURNISHED SUNNY UPPER FLAT OF 5
rooms nd bath: rent reasonable. 8 Hartford
St., near Eighteenth. .
. I'SNY FLAT, 5 KOOMS, BATH, FURNI-
ic* tore for sale; rent $15. 1911 a Hyde St.; no
dealers.
flats to let.
A^^s^fjpTc^extTieduct ion? TbeautT-
ful new flats: SE. cor. Fillmore and McAllis-
ter sts.: $37 50, $32 50: 7 rooms and bath each:
reduced from $15, $40: porcelain tubs, hardwood
finish, sonny rooms, etc a bargain. SHAIN-
WALD, BOCKBEB & CO., 218, 220 31on:gomery.
"DEDUCED TO $18: SUN-NY UPPER FLATS,
it 16 and 24 Birch aye., near Larkin sL and City
Hall; 4 rooms and bath. SHAINWaLD, BUCK-
BEE <fc CO., 218-220 Monigomery su
F YOU WAN I A NICE SUNNY' FLAT, OR
cottage, see me; I have some nice furnished
cottages to leu T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
tiAO- AND 2037 MISSION. BET KEN SIX-
£\JOO teenth and Seventeenth; 4 and 5 rooms
and bath.
iLAT 5 LARGE ltOOMS; YARD, WITH
barn: rent $12. 431 Tenth St.
— »_> I SKVENTU— FLAT 4 LARGE SUNNY
OOL room-, with stable. j
Q|Q THIRTEENTH ST.— NICE FLATS; 5
010 rooms and bath, $17; 4 rooms and bath,
$15.
()'i 4 sunny BAY-WINDOW flat,
+dOl\~l 5 rooms and bath. $16.
1 OWERFLAT: 6 ROOMS, BATH, CELLAR,
Lj yard. 3739 Seventeenth st.
V LKGANT 7-ROOM MODERN FLAT, IN PER-
I■> feet order; moderate rent. 827 Howard st.,
near Fourth.
I Q'^Ql SACRAMENTO— F'^AT fj ROOMS;
10-O3 gas; bath; rent, $16.
EVEN ROOMS AN ITb.VTH. TWENTIETH,
near Mission, opposite posloOlce; rent. $18.
■ff« I •) MCE FLAT 4 "ROOMS. 14 MOSS ST.,
«n>l O. bet. Sixth and Seventh, near Howard.
VINE SUNNY FLAT 5 R< OMS AND BATH.
X 1006 Jackson sU, above Mason.
"ijjTTT FLAT 5 NICE ROOMS AND BATH.
«JJ) J- O. 26b Shotwell st. ■ .
■U'LAT: 5 ROOMS. BATH: NEWLY TINTED
— •nd papered: rent $18. 925 Greenwich st.
OVr.LV, SUNNY, MODERN UPPER FLAT;
5 rooms and bath; large yard: only $15; water
free. 4073 Twenty -third su, 100 feet from Castro;
key 4075 till lurther notice.
\\ ODKRN FLAT: 4 ROOMS AND BATH. 1809
jM Eddy St., near Scott.
t 1 Ob FELL— UPPER SUNNY FLAT OF "i
« > 1— ■ rooms and bath. Inquire 612 Buchanan st.
r ROOMS AND BATH; YARD AND CELLAR.
0 Key at 317 Fell st.
Q> I 1 LOWER FLAT OF 4 SUNNY ROOMS
V? L 1 . and yard. 4a Shotwell st. ;'_•;.■
Cji 1 EACH— FINE FLATS- FOLSOM ST.,
»4P L 1 opposite Columbia square. JOHN PFORK,
329 Montgomery st. . , ■■-..;:
FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS: LARGE YARD
and stable. Apply 2 Hayward sU, near Eighth.
A SHBURY HEIGHTS AND PARK; FLATS, 3
Ato 9 rooms and bath; Tent $9 up. ApDly L.
Ji .CLUING, 1718 Waller, house-renting agent.
IfLEGANT FLAT CORNER FoLbOM AND
J '1 wenty-flfth: v roomi mid bath.
\~A")\ A V NEAR POST— DESIRABLE
.1 1_ 1. sunny bay-window flat; 5 rooms, gas and
bath: stationary wash tubs.
Octavia, BET. waller and HAIGHT,
opp. Valencia— Kent greatly reduced; the
cheapest flats in the city ; sun all day; will be pat
in first-class order; 6 and 7 rooms and bath; $20
aud $J5.
(VI Q HYDK-THK MOST ELEGANT FLAT
01 0 In the city, centrally located: five minutes
irom K«arny or Market; 8 rooms; bath; butler's
pantry, etc
1 1 X I GUKRRERO, CORNER OF TWKNTY-
! LOL fourth— New 4 rooms and bath, $12; 6
and 7 rooms, $16 ana $18.
.» FLATS 7 KOOMS, BATH, REDUCED FROM
— $22 50 to $18. ' Apply MADIS & BURKE.
ENT CHEAP— FLAT FOUR ROOMS. 515
. Thirteenth st., bet. Guerrero and Market.
91 7Q FIFTEENTH, K. MARKET— SUNNY
— L i O flat of 5 rooms and bath; $14.
00 STOCKTON PLACE. OFF STOCKTON ST.—
— — Flat of 4 rooms: sunny.
C« 1 A 3 ROOMS AND HALL. 6 BOWIE
-LU. aye., off Eleventh at.
TJPPER FLAT, 4 ROOMS, BATH, LAUNDRY
*-J tub, tiled sink, door opener, electric bells, etc,
overlorking private park, $20: lower flat, 6 rooms,
bath, laundry, largo yard for flowers, $25; all iv
perfect condition: on Twelfth st. DEMPSTER,
36 Glen Park aye.
SUNNY' ROOMS AND BATH : SECOND
floor: clean; delightful private street, $15.
DKMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth.
L LAT 4 OR 5 ROOMS, BATH: (HEAP. 1613
I Taylor St., bet. Pacific and Broadway.
LEW STEPS FROM CITY HALL; 2 FLATS
X 1 6 and 6 rooms : $22 and $30. 14 Grove st. '
ffljl r NEW SUNNY UPPER FLAT OF 6
ig)XO. rooms; bath. 2974 23d St., nr. Harrison.
'JAt/ LOMBARD, NKAR DUPOM-CHEAP-
*>yjIJ est flats in town: 6 rooms and bath; re-
duced to $13: nice order.
1 7HK POST— 3 AND 4 ROOM SUNNY FLATS:
I I UU garden; bath: $13 and $16..
P.9f|A TURK— SUNNY UPPER FLAT:
O~\J all light rooms; rent $12. .
S7 UPPKK FLAT: 4 ROOMS. YARD AND
I • water; all separate. 1111 Elm aye.
CORNEi; MIDDLE FLAT; 419 THIRD ST.: 7
\J rooms and bath: rent $30. Key at 417 Third.
I OW'ER SUNNY FLAT, 3 JANE PLACE,
iJ near Mason st.; no car fare; healthy: $12. -
(&. A LOWER BAY WINDOW FIAT: 8
• — U. roams; hath: modern Improvements.
Apply 1118 Green su. bet. Ii .de ami Larkin " -
ITIURNISHKD FLAT; 4 KOuMo; lti^.. 1 *ia.
- 2633 Mission st. '
FLAT OF FIVE SUNNY' ROOMS; BATH.
' 1613 Folsom St., near Twelfth.
FLATS TO LET- Continued.
WANTED— 200 GOOD TENANTS; RENTS,
from $10 up for flats, cottages. SPECK _
CO., 602 Market at. .- ' '
3 SUNNY FLATS; 4 AND 8 BOOMS EACH;
$11, $10 and $9. 2041 Harris ■_, opp. 18th.
/CHOICE SUNNY FLATS: 6 AND 7 ROOMS;
\J bath: Parkview. 1314-1316 Fell, nr. Baker.
LATB TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
1 money at BALDWIN _ HAMMOND'S. 10
Montgomery st. ;
C_9l f\f\ FINE UPPER CORNER FLAT: 6
<IP— L.«JU rooms and bath; porcelain tubs;
rent reduced. Cor. Pine and Baker *ts.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS — Continued.
HOUSEKEEPING^ KOOMS.
Broad
A(\O BROADWAY — NICELY FURNISHED
tt' r O housekeeping rooms: also single.
Bush Street.
£91 BUSH— NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
D_ 1 front rooms for housekeeping, or board If
desired.
Castro Street.
AAC CASTRO (REAR) — 8 NICE SUNNY
ivt) rooms; large yard; stable: $9.
Clay Street.
OQA 1 " CLAY — LARGE FRONT ALCOVE
— »"v* I rooms and front ann back parlor.
Eddy Place.
QIC EDDY— 3 UNFURNISHED OR FUR-
-010 nisbed rooms: fine location; private fam-
ily gas range; reference.
Eighth Street.
OH NINTH ST.— FRONT HOUSEKEEPING
— U suites or single: gas or wood stove.
AJICKLY FURNISHED RCOMS; BAY WIN-
-11 dow: kitchen and use of bath room. Apply
at 112 Eighth street, lower flat.
Ellis Street.
QQA ELLIS — LARGE FURNISHED BOOM;
OO\J also housekeeping rooms in rear.
/•QQ ELLIb, COR. LARKIN — FRONT AL-
DO- 1 cove bay-window; light housekeeping; gas
and bath. .
n(\f* ELLIS— PARLOR FLOOR OF 3 UNFUR-
I UO nished rooms and laundry.
Essex Street.
TTNFUBNISHED RoOUS FOR HOUSE-
U keeping. Call 8 Essex St., Rincou Hill.
I- if th Street.
Ql A FIFTH— SUNNY FRONT BED-
Olrr room ana kitchen; bath; yard; private: $11.
• i u.som Street.
m' FOLSOM— LARGE SUNNY FURNISH-
O—O ed room; light housekeeping; $1 75 week.
QCfk FOLbOM — SUNNY SfN OLE ROOM;
OOVJ also connecting housekeeping room: pri-
vate family.
.Fourth Street.
QOf: FOURTH-FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
——O housekeeping. $6 to $8 per month; also
single rooms, $5 per month.
tirove Street.
A(\cyi GROVE-2 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
ttVJ_2 bay-window rooms, bath; cheap.
Haight Street.
"I I QQ HAIGHT— SUN NY SUITE. OR BIN-
X 1 OO gie furnished room; housekeeping privl-
leges If desired.
Harrison Street.
171 HARRISON— THREE NICELY FURN-
• lU ished sunny rooms for housekeeping; hot
and cola water; stationary tubs.
Hayes street.
JQ7B HA YES— SUNNY FURNISHED RMS.;
tOI single or housekeeping; reasonable.
nurd Mree .
QQIXI HOWARD— LARUE SUNNY HOUSE-
[ t/Ot))8 keeping sul:es: single rooms: reasonable.
"I 1 A*?) HOW \RD— 2 SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
11t_ furnished housekeeping rooms: range;
rent $10.
tiytle Street.
-j nan 1 HYDE. COR. PINE; unfurnished
lUUU2 sunny rooms.
Kearny Street.
5 OR LESS ROOMS. KEARNY. NEAR SUT-
-0 ter; gas and water free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
Laguna Street.
Q/\A LAGUNA. COR. MCALLISTER—
t/v/l_* housekeeping parlors with gas stove.
Luikni Street.
JOQ LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
i— <O sunuy rooms for housekeeping; also single.
l.pavenworih Htreet.
C 1 - LEAVENWORTH- 2 UPPRB ROOMB,
• J 1 1) also basement: completely furnished for
housekeeping.
Lewis Street.
1 -I n LEWIS ST., OFF TAYLOR, NR. POST— 3
1 ID sunny unfurnished rooms; water free: $11.
Linden Avenue.
Fin A LINDEN AVF.-A FRONT FURNISHED
• >_"i room; privilege of housekeeping; $4 a
month.
Martha Place.
3 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY ST., NEAR
Mason — 2 rooms for light housekeeping.
JHmiiii streo..
Ajo MINNA— large FRONT double
11- room for light housekeeping, $8; also
single.
AAQ. MINNA— NICE SUNNY FRONT ROOM
rrrtO and kitchen, well furnished for housek'p'g.
j..8r..0n Mreo —
QOI MISSION-TO RENT, SUNNY HOUSE-
O_± keeping rooms, $5 up; furnished or un-
furnished. .-■ • • '■■■
Qjr MISSION— 2 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS;
<J~iO well furnished lor housekeeping.
lAC" MISSION - FRONT BAY-WINDOW
LxJOO suite complete; housekeeping, $15: also
one $8; one $6
11OE MISSION— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
1 Oi) rooms, light housekeeping; $7.
1O I 7 MISSION — FBO.KT BAY-WINDOW
J — I I sunny suites; complete for housekeeping.
Natoniii Street.
f»Q NATOMA— 2 LARGE. SUNNY ROOMS
\)O furnished for housekeeping; range; yard; $8.
C --: NATOMA— 2 SUITES HOUSEKEEPING
000 rooms, $8 and $10 per month; yard.
Oak Street.
0/17 OAK— 2 LARGE, SUNNY UNFUR-
*-ri I nished connecting rooms, forhousekpg; $9.
71Q OAK— LAKGrE~FRONT ROOM; SONNY
ILO yard, etc. ; housekeeping if desired; no ob-
jection to one child.
Octavia Street.
I_JflQ OCTAVIA. COR. GEARY — SUNNY
I ttUO bay-window and kitchen; gas and bath.
Put- Street.
Q-J C POLK— _ OR 3 SUNNY FRONT FUR-
LO nisbed rooms, housekeeping; gas, range;
also single.
Seventh Street.
Ifr 7 SEVENTH — LARGE ROOMS FOB
LOt housekeeping; $8 and $9.
Stockton Place.
Onn STOCKTON, NE. COR, GEARY— 2 OR 3
— vU sunny unfurnished housekeeping; cheap.
5 ix 1 11 roe..
"I C%r SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY
I_«J housekeeping rooms and others.
Sixteenth Street.
OA9F: SIXTEENTH, BET. MISSION AND
Ov/_O Valencia— 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; bath included. -
utter -tree 1.
709 BUTTER, NEAR JONES— NICELY FUR-
t QZi nished rooms for housekeeping: low rent,
lehaina Street.
3 TEHAMA— 4 SUNNY ROOMS FOR HOUSE.
keeping; rent moderate.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH— 3 LOVELY HOUSEKEEPING;
piano, gas stove: call Monday.
Third Stree:.
I JO THIRD - SU N N V HOUSEKEEPING
XTU rooms: complete: bath: gas,
£AO THIRD — TWO PLEASANT HOUSE-
_»V/_ keeping rooms; back and froaU
turlt Ml-«j«..
00 TUBK-2 OR 8 FURNISHED HOUSE.
OO keeping rooms.
Van .\e*« ATitaue.
Q 7 AN NESS . A VE.-LABGE SUNNY
OJ. *J furnished room and kitchen; other rooms.
1 "Washington street.
CfJ9 WASHINGTON -SDNNY V N FU R-
*j\j~ niahed housekeeping rooms: running water.
Welch Street.
114: WELSH, OFF FOURTH- 2 OR 3 NICELY
1 l-rr furnished rooms: housekeeping: cheap.
Miscellaneous.'
! 991 GEARY, ROOM 37— ROOM AND HOUSE
— —2 renting agency; no fee for registering.
', « vVEi«;K : B NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TUB
__ WEEKLY CALL, la wrapper, for mailing.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STTNDAT, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
BOOMS TO LET. BOARDING AND BOOMS.
Brady Street. THINE ROOMTsuTrA^L^^O^rT^R^TwiTH
-»-' breakfast, $10 month, or full board $15 each:
no BRADY, OFF MARKET — 8 UNFUR- or will arrange meals and room and terms to suit;
i — nished rooms; cheap to small family. privilege sitting-room: American family: good
— — — table. 45.1 Polk st.. corner Locust, between Golden
Bryant Street. Gate and McAllister. .
ii Ob BRYANT, NEAR SECOND— SUNNY 7 1 »i POST— 2 NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
41- furnished room, bath and gas, cheap. I JL-j rooms, suitable for 2. with board; $20 each.
" " i.uuv Street. QHQ JONES-NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
*J\JO rooms, suite or single, with board for 2; $50.
A -l EDDY. CORNER MASON— NICELY FUR- -.-. n li . Tir> v „, ■ VTr Y FURNISHED
ii3gg-.it. ■■"" *"°- ruE ls2ns_;?_.-g^«jJßa;
l l v _DDV-B Y-W IN DOW FRONT S'oITE; board optional. -. ■
HO cheap: other newly furnished rooms: $5 up. 7^47 O 'FaRRELL-IN A REFINED HOME
At) A EDDY— FINE. SUNNY. NEWLY' FUR- ' v-i newly furnished sunny front rooms: tabie
•Til nished rooms: house first class In every re- first class: terms reasonable. _____
spect; terms reasonable. ftflft VAN NESS A VK-DESIRABLE SUNNY
/■A.) KDDY— NICELY FURNISHED SbNNY QUO rooms: first-class table board; reasonable
QUO room; fireplace: suitable one or two. TJ OTKL BKKTLJNU .714 t.USH-A FAMILY
*-»*. im . hi,,, . ■*-*• hotel; reference. jUvc- -*— required; tOlmod-
* ' * . t ' r " '"Hvi-im-ncpt.
OHKRMAT APARTMKST HOTTMS. 2* BTH — '■
0 «_. near Market: lnrni».rie.l anil unfurnished. CHILDREN BOARDED.
I.».i» vt-oov. WIDOW WOULD LIKE 1 OR 2 CHILDREN
'" (1 to 6 years) to board. 809 Baker st.
rPHK RAMONA. ISO ELLIS: MRS. KATE 9.. ■- A -.. „,. ' ■„-■ _ _ p Wlnn .,,-, ■
1 HART. manager- A quiet house; rentr»lly lo- 1 ADY WISHES INVALID OR WIDOWER
cated; newly furnished: elevator: hot & cold water. * J with children; room and board; private am-
-204 «^_™:^o C _taS?S_«: ?«: B bS_: 409^Vw_STY-Pirt'H- ST. _ pleasant
,^.^ . I£t r tjj TITF (M IFKnitD'* lART F — a U| ..^^__^
00  sunny suites: also single room's; gas: bath! 4O'> ;: > TWJCNTY-PIKTH ST. - PLEASANT
- xV/^^«J home for child: room for parents.
00l ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR-FOR BEST --— iiZj^ll""".--^"— -^-—
O-J I lodging we recommend the Kosedale House. T AD } OF EXPERIENCE WISHES CHILD
—- Xj to board: personal attention: mother's care;
C 1 (* ELLIS— HANDSOME PARLORS; CLOS- healthy location- large grounds. 2519 College
*JX.\J ets: water; also 2 large pleasant rooms. aye.. Berkeley. Ca'l. ■
"VTICELY FURNISHED ROOM WITH BATH, ,
1\ to a laay or gentleman; use of piano If desired. STOKES TO LET.
1015 Ellis . ■ qnoTmSo^^s^O^E^NßTß^Ooll^rALSO
i ulmmii street. •' j OUO flat of 4 rooms over store; rented sepa-
_ — rately. if aeslred: rent $26. Apply BURNHAM
lAI Ol FOLSOM— SINGLE SUNNY FRONT & MARSH, 628 Market su
■LV-.02 room; rent $4. ' q STORE.-, 4 LIVING-ROOMS; REDUCED TO
Fulton street. " * 20 Rud *18; suitable for any business; no
110 FULTON -2 NICELY FURNISHED bakery in location, a pply MADISON & BURKE;
11Q FULTON - 2 NICELY FURNISHED key grocery. Polk anrt Grove sts.
1 JO rooms; sunny; gas and bath. TO LET-261 THIRD BT. APPLY 214
deary St eet. O Third. - _^^
91 7 GBARY-8 SUNNY ROOMS IN BEAR; EXCELLENT CORNKR FOR DRUG-STORE
Zl ( cottage; key premises. ' Xj or grocery. Twenty-fif h and Folsom sts-
-79 I GEARY-NICELYFURNISH'D BOOMS; STOKE TO LET. 2206 FILLMORE ST., NEAR
I Zl rent reasonable. O Sacramento: rent 810.
OAT GEARY-NEWLY FURNISHED SONNY ©If) STORE AND FIXTURES AND 3
OUI rooms: reasonable; elegant new corner flat. Xt l!_ rooms. 213 Fourteenth sU_
— — STORK OP .TWO IV ING-ROOMS; FINE
'••""«« bme'Aveumi. O chance grocer. 452 Haight st.|
91 Q GOLDEN GATE— SUNNY FRONT BAY- OTORK, WITH 3 ROOMS, NE. COR. GOLDEN
Z.A. O window room: terms reasonable. *J Gate aye. and Webster st. ; choice location for
-———_——-——--_----——-—--——--——_—-—-■-—- drugs: ore.
Urov« Street. -___-_________-5--^s=ss=S2===__________!
JA9I GROVE— FURNISHED SUNNY BAY- -^^^^^^I^£S3£iiLJ!^^
IrU^g window room; bath; cheap. QPRKCKELs BuTLIjTMi! Mil MARKET—
■ [...„. street P Elegant snnnv offices. $12 50 up; electnc-llght;
xia> eajsireer. beating and janitor service free. Apply at building
QQQ HAVES — 3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED orO - "• UMBSKN A CO.. it Montgomery si.
000 rooms; quiet: cheap to small family. ■
r MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
lloiu.d Mit)<) . , . . .,-.,,. ....
704 HOWARD-FIN !^ FURNISHED A^no.^elo™^^ $^
1 1/1 front rooms; housekeeping. rooms; cheap. $4. $5, $6, $7, *8. $9, $10, $15, $20 monthly pay-
r: A I HOWARD — FURNISHED ROOMS EN ments; fine stool and cover with each; delivered
i^Y suite or single; housekeeping rooms: tree anywhere in the city and kept tuned by ex-
transienu - . pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO.,
Uvi l HOWARD-LARGE DOUBLE BED- T^Ttoßy' B 'buTl St., opp. Mason OP
14-44 room furnished: $6; also large sunny A *;«ToRY BUILDING. CORNER OF
unfurnished room' $5. "- Kearny and Sutter sts., full of pianos: these
— — Instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
Jessie street. *S,*4. $5. $6. $7, $8, $9, $10, $12, $15. $20 and i
$-spermonth: the best of every grade from lowest
3/71 JESSIE — LARGE WELL-FURNISHED pr ces to Steinway Baby, Parlor and Concert
01 I front room; stove or grate; suitable for Grands: why pay rent when better pianos can be
gentleman: $8. bought from us for about seme payments ? every
■ piano guaranteed; fine wood-seat stool add draped
«lone» Strewt. cover Included: no charge for drayage: pianos
OA7 .'l'N-ER-Tlit VAS WINICM?: NKW kept In order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
ZUI njnna«etnent : eleiant ninnr salted and J£A\ & CO., cor. Kearny and butter st... also ■
■,-,..; -W wished: bath. etc: .10 to « Oakland, Cal., Portland, Or. Seattle. Uash.; Stein-
way representatives for tne Piicihc Coast.
301 tS^%^^»\tH»^S^tSS QN ACCOUNT OF THE INCREASE IN MY
: 1 — i. \J p ano business, my old quarters on Market
aI ' JONES— MCELY FURNI>HED SUNNY su are entirely too small: I have therefore moved
_tJL_» rooms: in suites or single; terms moderate. Into mv own building, at 526 Haves su, between
_-.., i n vp<_vi,<inv Fi-uvisHPn khon-t Octavia and Laguua, where I can' now display
511 _i^__TnJv _ir?or^aiM^.«i«^imV over four times the amount of instruments than
Uii -icove i>unny parlor, also other rooms. formerly ; hi I buy lor cash and in carload lots
i -.rar >tr«o.. ana have no rent 10 pay I can offer any one deslr-
_ — _ "" ing a piano or organ better value "or less money
00 KEARNY-NIC'-".LY FURNISHED ROOMS; than any other music house In San Francisco.
_-O terms reasonable; quiet house. Kespectfu.ly yours. J. HARRY SCOTT.
Qfl KKARXY— WELL-FURNISHED FRONT L INE USED STEIN WAY, HARDMAN.
OU sunny suite: single rooms; electric lizhls. • Chase Bros., etc.; astonl«hincly low prices;
. easy terms. THE J. DKWING CO.. second floor
ARLINGTON HOUSE. 127 KEARNY - 1 100-l building, Fourth and Market sts.
■TV Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; llrstr — — —
class In every resp««t: terms reasonable. A"' MUSICAL GOODS. sol.ii AT REDUCED
— XV prices, pianos to rent and for sale cheap at
i.i'iiii-iin'iinh street. . MAUVAIS', 769 Market St.
m LEAVENWORTH — SUNNY SINGLE ffij7^ BARGAIN: STEINWAY PIANO, EX-
tt-LJ. room; gas and bath; rent $6. <3) • t-».ceileni order;easy terms. 221 Leavenworth
j. k rhi. - ,«« [ pRAND UPRIGHT PIANO, $160; A BAR-
*___• " ' ' VJT gain. 1200 Webster st.
pUSTEn, 906 MARKET AND 9 ELLIS-SIN- iTAGN IFICENT STKINWAV UPRIGHT AND
\J gie front rooms and suites, 50c to $1 50 per IVI Schubert: little used: sacrifice. ICI9 Van Nesss
night; $3 to $6 per week; offices to let. _ pLKARANCE * ALE _ H aINE*. KNABE AND
VOSEMITK HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER V, Bush and Gen's pianos; clearing-out prices
J. night. Hsc to $1 : week. *1 50 to $5: families. will rule. A. L. BANCROFT «S CO., 324 Pos; st.
Mason Street. p OOD UPRIGHT CHEAP CA-H.
VJT SUKM ITZ, 16 McAllister, next HiDernia Bank.
102^g.^^VL^^'ggLJSg flsQ. gag.^sSs-igig_£«
223^m2 N " NKWI ' V FUKJJISHEX) W O. H.VUGER. HULK AGENT FOR HALLET
**" d%J roan"*- », & Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 406 -^ac'to
Minna Street. pHiUKKiUNU, KNABK. STKC'K. VOSE. STUB-
r'r»rr MINNA, COR. EIGHTH-NEWLY FUR- »ng pianos; Meonrnew piano lor $187; piaao*
OD / nished biy-wlndow rooms: $1 per week. or renu BENJ. tUKIA/ & >o>. ltt Q-Farrei-.
DYIIO.N M\>/:i. ills POST e>T »OU-li-_,
J. i.«>liui strtet. i-> .NewUy A Kvan<. '-nce^ nnd other pianos.
Pi 9 MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED C UPERTor" VIOLINK ZITHERS. oEliiANlfiW
DlO rooms; 15c to 50c per night: $1 to $2 week. lO H. MtILLKR. maker, repairer. - Latham ulaca.
Q79 MISSION — LARGE FRONT SUITE; .CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
01 — physician's offices for years; also otherrms. V WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
1 OfUi MISSION-NICELY FURNISHED Yg l^* 1 ™* 0 * Canada one year for $1 50, post-
-1 £\JV> room, gas and bath, $5. tree _
1 991 MISSION— LARGE SUNNY PAKLOR. MEDICAL.
±_-_j± $11: also single room, $6. v~____- ;
— : A BLESSINU TO LADIES BUFFERING
juwtoma street. from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
P-rt-i v»Tn«i inn K'ifiiTTH- arm qnip their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
701 .iJ??,'n.?™ t^™ 7' never iall *'> Perfectly harmless; free from any bad
I Vi nished or unfurnished rooms. eflects; never makes then, sick to make them well;
o'ii.rrfiiMrii»t travelers helped immediately: prices to suit the
__L° l '* times; home in confinemenU DR. A MRS.
DOT O'FARRELL— FRONT ROOM DA VIEs, 14 McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank:
O_j< and kitchen, unfurnished. $10; single, fur- consult free: French regulating pink pills *_;
nlshea. $5 and $6. hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
000 O'FARRELL - NICE FRONT ROOM ALL /£, ASKS , OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
y_jO well furnished; suitable for lor 2 gents; " tV ' ored , «n af w l^our-.; safe and sure relief
cheaD a euaranteed: travelers helped without delay; pri-
v ' vate home lnconUn<rneut: regular graduate phy-
J"iii« Street,. sician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDICAL
• ELECTRICITY us"d: ladies, consult the doctor
£1 1 PIVE— 3 SUNNY ROOMS; $4, $5 AND before going elsewhere; you will save time and
UJL J $10 per month; for centlemen. expense; consultation free and confidential.
■ — — ■ MRS. DR. WYEiH, 916 Post si., near Larkin.
PoBt_Street. A NKW PROCESS-NO MEDICINE. INSTRU-
-71 Q POST— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY X-. mem or worthless pills used ; every woman her
110 rooms; suite or single: all conveniences. own physician tor all female troubles, no matter
r— 7— " from what cause: restores always In one day;
X owell street. can be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed:
91 O-214 POWELL* (WILLIBFORDV- EN- if you physician. treated safe and sure call on a
01 O-214 POWELL » (WILLIRFORDV- EN. FADIES, CHICHESTER', ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best: safe, re-
fiOC POWELL, < -08. (.KARY-SUNNY ROOM liable; take 110 other, !>end 4c, stamps, for particu-
-J-.U newly fur.. $8: also large sunny cor, room, lars. -Relief for Ladles." In letter by return mall-
~ Sixteenth Street. ~ at druggist's. ChichesterChein. Co.. Philadelphia,
ALPKAC'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
OQOO SIXTEENTH— ONE OR TWO ........ -f*- lad«es troubled with irregularities: no danger;
_jOw_- furnished rooms: with or without house- safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D.: don't delay
keeping. until too late, OSGOOD 8K03.. Oakland, Cal.
QAO£* SIXTEENTH— NEATLY FURNISHED TV - GOODWIN. DISEASES WOMEN SPE-
OU-^O sunny front rooms; $4 up. ■*-' claliy: unexcelled In restoring; Irregularity or
— — ; other conditions; home In confinement: best care:
South Park. low fees: pills $2. Moved to 904 McAllister st
I O SOUTH PARK— WELL-FURNIBHED SUN- \| Ks - " 1: WEGKNKR TAKES LADIES BE-
-1O ny front room: $5. -'-*■ lore and during confinement: infants adopted
-■ _. ar.rr . rIT tTTuv vTpr"v nifarD.nt I" 10 B°°?, n »n>es; treats all female complaint* or
CABOUIH PARK — VERY DESIRABLE Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st.
O\J newly furnished sunny rooms, bath, gas, etc. —.___. ___ .
respectable private family; moderate. S V , RK LL Kh * OR ALL FKMALK DISEASES,
k— » irom whatever cause; a home In confinement
Stevenson Street. . . with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYKR, 226 Turk St.
403 STEVENSON, COR. FIFTH-FURNISH- AIRS. J. A. ACH VRD.-MIDWIFE-HOME IN
4UO ed rooms to suit. \1 X "' H J " A - ACH v RD, MIDWIFE-HOME IN
ft9 Q S TEVKNSON, OFF SHVKNTH-SUNNY SonT*™* 1 ™ I .25 years' experience. 665 Mis-
O-I3 furnished room, snltable for lor 2, cheap. RH M R ROI)OEns< PRIVATE HOME IN
Stockton Street. - -'X confinement: terms reduced. . 929 Howard st.
STOCKTON — NICELY fURNISHED T*)R. DORA G RAY-ALL ' FEMALE - COM-
large room: $2 a week; gen lemau. —^ plaints restored; cure guaranteed. 327 hddy.
UROPKAN (THK), 17 STOCKTON-FUR- T F 1K " «ULAR OR ANY FK.MALE DI-EASE
nished suites, $4 to $10 ; ;sln(ile rooms. $1 50 to ■ Lsee MRS.DR. I'UKTZ and be con tea '.641/; 4th.
$3 week; 50c to $2 night: hot and cold running 1 \R. HaLL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR
water In every room: baths; e.evator; transient. LJ Jones. Diseases of women and children.
■VTEW PYRNEK HOUSE, 1314 STOCKTON- |JRTva TE HUMS IN CONFIrsEMEAT. UK-
i.l front suites: single rooms; housekping;cheap. .'. DR. FUNCKE. 1416 Eighth »U. Alameda.
u..er ireeu A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — TEH
qno SUTTER-FUrIT~ROOMS OR SUITES. WK EKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing
QUO $125 to $10 wk ; night 26c to $1 50: trausl. ' DFXTISTS ~ "
mhCTTER- HANDSOME ROOMS AND •^T~~~- « — ' ~_»~^>
suites, newly furuished; rates reasonable. pROo.ME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
rnnsrrryK idk.Tivtoii — vi hi a ntt v v '\ ket * beu 3d and 4th: gas specialists: painless
03 _e"wly furnished .^-y^Ll^l^.ffi • xtrac t | ng.wlth gas, *1 ; plates. $5 up: fill, $1 up.
I vt) newly furnished sunny rms.; suit* or single. -; — ; — — —!. - — ■ L
: — — — I \H. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST..
lay lor siixb;. .. - / near Eleventh: no charge for extracting wuaa
10 TAYLOR-SUNNY ROOMS; SINGLE jgff agj «T£r *j STSt^SAVii^^T'
and double. 60 , m*^ up. TThTukO^K W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
Rift TAYLOIt— NEWLY FUKMSHED SUN- XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
OX\J ny single and double rooms; private family, -nd patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
£1 TAYLOR-2 SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS- ----° U -' any plate ' moved from « to 20 1 Farrell st.
Dii also suite: rent reasonable. I ' LL SKT OF 'EKTH, $7; WARRANTED
■ . -- live .rears; ■ extraction, 50c.; tllliUKS, 60c.;
-enth. Street. crowns, $3 60.  Chicago Dental Parlors, .4 Sixtn.
m TENTH — LARGE SUNNY ROOMS; L" 1 1Kal " - AS '> DEM'ISTRV ; FIRST- CLASS
housekeeping if desired. £ prices; first-class results: painless extraction:
.; -■ ■ — ; — Tel. Main 6376. W.C. HARDING.M.D., 500 Sutiei
. -ml 1 *"' -I \K. I- - . -, KA.VZ-KX 1 KACTIO.V PAl.\L*.S\
nStVouse.^^ furniBhed *ooms ; Kgyjusg^. " l s&e™\u*™T£»?£r-
'■ ; — — — SU7 A f>Kl' >OR TEETH: WARRANTED Ai
1 street.. tj> I gO od as can be made: nlllnc $L Dr. SIMMd.
liQl TURK.CORNERSTEINER-NEATLY —^ 93 ° M>rlCet St " " eXt *" lwta '*'»**«■
1"±O"± furnished rooms for gentlemen. $s. T>AINLEsa KXTRACTION. 60c: CROWN
— -— : _ X Lndge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13veari
Vincent Street. experience. B. L. Wa_ U. D.D.M.. 815^4 Geary.
3 VINCENT. OFF GRKEN— FOUR SUNNY ALL WolTk TO SUITT(MES:WARRANTED.
rooms: $9. . -X DR. KKa, 1870 Market St., fro.t City Hail.
Piivair-iivc ======== . D X - ___K_TX. 1703 ru vl\ ST^, NEAR BU-
____; _^_~J^L_ . -_-.-*.. cridnan: gas Riven; frown «nrt bridge worK.
DR. C. C O'DOXNELL, 1206 MARKET," COR AL L WORK REASONABLE" AND WAR-
Golden Gate aye. ; diseases of women a specialty. -"- ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st,
I \ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT C K 1" OF T.KTH WITHOUT x-1-A.T.taL IUL ._
LJ his museum, 1051 Market st.: his 30 years' ___VOUNO, 1841 Polk »u r
spccessful practice is a euarantee of fair treatment; 1 t K. jj 1 kkk' i- im m a mi.- i nikiimnifx
_. worst case, treated s_t_fact«Uy by attU.T™' D o« J T^vfntng^ bunMa^, till not*
LOST. ■■••.■'
©Ifl REWARD; GOLD DIAMOND LOCKET;
*iP±V initials H. L. B. 1805 iiasou st. '
ON LARKIN ST.— HANDBAG; JEWELRY,
money, papers ; for God's sake return; poor
widow's only possessions; liberal reward. 2304
Van Ness aye. • . ' '
OST— SEIT. 3 GOLD WATCH CHARM, A.
O. F. No. 7656, Court Twin Peaks. Return to
1143 Market st., bet Seventh and Eighth.
<D« ' W A D— LOST, ABOUT 3 WKEKS
«IP O ago, a gold hand with chain, on which is a
sold fish, horseshoe, coral beads and white sea-
shell. Apply 1W » Clay st.
U' KITK FOX TERRIER (BITCH); BLACK
' » and brown head; name Fannie: reward. 820
Bryant st.
FOUND.
TM^T^T^KicM7sES^J^E~^rAY^HORSE
yJ and harness: owner can have same by paying
for advertising. FRANK S. KNOWLKd, Union
Par*.
LEGAL NOTICES^ 'JV
'VuTlci'bTsALE OF RE ; al estate.
1' In the Superior Court, in and for the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California.
Dept. 9, Probate. In the matter of the estate of
LEWIS hOHER, deceased.
" Notice is heieby given, that, in pursuance of an
order of the Superior Court of the City and
County of San Francisco, Stale of California,
made on the Bth day of April, 1892. in the matter
of the estate of LEWIS SOHER, deceased, the
undersigned administrator with the will annexed
of the estate of LEWIS SOHER, deceased, will
sell at public auction to the highest bidder for
cash and subject to confirmation by said Superior
Court, on THURSDAY, the 10th day of Septem-
ber, 1896, at 12 o'clock m., at auction salesrooms
of G. H. Umbsen <& Co., No. 14 Montgomery
street. In the city and County of San Francisco,
all the right, title, Interest and estate of tne
sala LEWIS SOHER, at the time of his death,
and all the right, title and Interest that the
said estate has, by operation of law or other-
wise, acquired other than or in addition to that
of the said LEWIS SOHER, at the lime of his
death, in and to all those certain lots, pieces or
parcels of land situate and being in th City and
County of San Francisco, state of California,
bounded and described as follows:
First— Commencing at a point on the southerly
line of Bash street distant thereon one hundred
and thirty-seven feet and six Inches easterly from
the easterly line of Larkin street, running thence
easterly along said southerly line of Bush street
thirty feet, thence at right angles southerly one
hundred and thirty-seven feet and six inches,
thence at right angles westerly thirty feet, and
thence at right angles northerly one hundred and
thirty-seven feet and six inches to said southerly
line of Bush street and to the point of commence-
ment- Being part of &O-v:ir:w~t No. 1367 en laid
down on the olli ial Map of the City of San Fren-
Cisco
Second— Commencing at a point in the southerly
line of O'Farrell street distant thereon one hun-
dred and thirty-seven feet and six Inches easterly
from the easterly line of .Mason street, running
thence easterly along said southerly line of O'Far-
rell street fifty-eight feet to the westerly line of
Carlos place, thence at right anxles southerly
along said westerly line of Carlos place ninety-
seven feet and six inches, thence at right angles
westerly flfiy-eight feet, and .hence at right
angles northerly ninety-seven feet ana six inches
to said southerly line of O'Farrell street and to the
i point «f commencement, being part of 50-vara lot
No. 954 on the olnclal map of the City of San
Francisco.
Terms and conditions of sale: Cash, lawful
money of the United States, ten per cent of the
purchase money to be paid 10 the undersigned on
the day of sale, balance on confirmation of sale by
said court. Deed at the expense of purchaser.
KM ILE SOHER, Administrator with the will
I annexed of the estate of Ljswis Sohsb, de-
' ceased.
Dated August 18, 1896.
W. A. FLUNKETT. Attorney for Administrator,
' Mill-, building.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
E Day. Stockton J P McManus, Stockton
B southcott, a Cruz A K ridel, N V
O snyder, Denver C Loveler, Portland
W Bott. Los Ang.'les E D I.on_-, Santa Cl^ra
C Morris, Stockton J W Wilson, Salinas
ST \V paver, Fresno T Shipman, Petaiuma
B Pariou, NY A Whitman, oinniia
WII JacKson, Chicago C Factor, Los Angelea
J Kohertv. B.tKerstftld A P Mr(;rath, Vis&lla
J O Jellison <» w, Cal Mrs ste.le & d. Bollnas
M Rahlliy, Mtrced M E Flaherty, Cornwall
F W Busey, NY P Thompson, Boston
G W >ylar, Folsom J L Sevlar, Folsom
A Sells, I-oston J McCarthy, Wash
J Uegan <fe w, Chlco J Lew's fe w, Hollister
.1 Hirt, Oakland W Horkan, Petaiuma
F HagHtrom, Portland S Thompson, Wash
J R .Murphy, S i.afaei C H Jones, Or
.M Rahiliv Jr. Merced T X Oottlß*, Fresno
P .1 K<lly, Ix)s Ang R Collins <& w, Los Ani;
J Norman <fe w. L Gatos F. English, Arryo Grandp
L Little. Monterey W B Bray <fe w, Oakjaud
L A MacCabe, Cal B Stafford, KureKa
J strixner. Eureka J Relay <k w, Na pa
Miss A iioss, Oakland Miss E noss, Oakland
GRAND HOTEL
J J Wilber, Oakland Miss Hall, California
B T Kirk, San Jose J B Ferguson, Kentucky
F Grlswolu & wf, Sacto R Bearkslec. Stockton
A T Herrmann, S Jose J Hattbewa. Sblinas
W Mack, Salinas E Gra: z. C S S Ortgon
F N DeluDon, California G L Wilson, Culitornia
Mrs •» Dollint, Angels G Povey, Angels
M Spires, ilumboldt 11 B Bissell. Fresno
W Carlson, San Diego Mrs Bissell, Fresno
E Dinkelspiel. San Jose L C Bissell, Fresno
W W Emery, Angels H E Jackson, sacto
R B Brooks, Sacto W ilarrington.st Helena
A schnitz & wf. Los Ang Miss Atchinson. Sta Rosa
Miss A Laughiin. Cal S Murdock, Austin
A Graves, Auburn P Farnsworth Jr. Austin
I Mrs J Scurry, s.attle LS B ttlusser, v aliforniu
i X M t'larke. (.awn X Klliott, Bakersiielil
J C Morris & wt, Utlca L I.Jewell, Grant's Pass
F Buittenian.Marysville E Hnntron, sacraineuto
J B Benham, l.os Ang C Uurnee, Oakland
I Miss I'olhemus. Fulton C Spaulding & wf, Cal
I L M i ir.isit, Salinas M Brearley, Sacramento
I C H Wood & wf, L Ang
BALDWIN HOTEL.
I T D Prince, Auburn J Me Vail. Chicago
i 0 B Booth, Los Angeles I M Todd, Auburn
J E Smith, San Jose G Strachern, N V
X Thomas London F Johnson, San Jose
Miss W C Henisey, N V W sloions, Chkago
N S saoborn, Ventura Dr E O Case, I'kiah
R W Foster, X V W M shinn, Los Angeles
J J Louergain, 1.0.s Ang B C Morrison, Los Ang
L Sprague, .> V W G Thompson, Nupa
! EC B Clark, NY J Htueble. Willuims
I R X Marr, Williams Miss T Stut-b.e, Wi.liamd
Miss L Marr, Williams N A Chapman, Co, lisa
GG Baliinger* w,s.lose W Baker, Sau Jase
G C stau.'ey, Livvrmore E Moore, Kan»as City
PALACE HOTEL.
M Schwedetsky, N V A M schlerwen. H V
H C Judd, Conn ii E WhitaKer, l'hlla
A B Whltaker, Phila (i Lenney, Phlla
; J W Farrell. N V F W Humes, Wls
! C s Pope. Cal Mrs M Cox, N V
.1 V lA-oo'-i, (. hlcago A Q Clark, mass
Miss M Claric, Mass A R Vermelve, Chicago
C Henne, Stanford W H Btanley«w, Cal
T T Lane it w, Cal J U C Goffln, IBS
H Little, san Diego George Lang. Stockton
J Dwighi.w&fm, Ohio Mrs G Lang, Siockton
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Winfleld W. and Helen M. Coulter to Marie Rose
Flood, lot beginning 168:6 E of Gough street aud
127:8 Vi 2* oi Pacillc avuuue, N 5 inches by X 31;
$10.
Margnerita B. Evans (widow of A. B.) to Susan
Uosken, lot on S line of Sacranieuto street, 131 :3
E of B.elner, X 25 by S 132:6; $1000.
Thomas H. Hobsou and Wallace A. Wise (trus
tees of Crawford and Harriet Ferris) to Luclui L.
Solomons, lo: on W Un^ of Bourbin street, 75 N of
Kddy, N 60 hy W 90: $66.
Edwin and Helen s. Goodall to Thomas L Hen
derson, lot on the NE me of Buena Vis:a avenue,
or Park road, 207:8"/8 hli o f Waller, NB4 deg. 36
miri.. E 130:4V«i S 9 deg. 59 niin., E 26:1, s 84
cleg. 36 mill., W lie:?:^, N 36 deg. 41 mm., W
30:51/8! *o-
Pho.be A. ana W. R. Hearst to William H.
Blakely. SE corner of lands granted by the City
and i ounty to Wiiliam H. BlaKely by deed dated
J.iiniiirv 13. 1870. and recorded January 15, 1870,
in I.ih.r h44 deeds lUO, W 13-, N 69.7^3- E 135,
H91:5: $10.
(itorpe A. and Fanny H. Knight to Frederick
Klenz, lot on N line of * 'Farrell street, 311.6 W
Of Steiner. W 22 by N K2:6, Hamilton square; $10.
Eatate of tiamuul crim (by Oeorge 8. Crim, trus
tee; Grace M., Samn 1 M. and William H. Crim)
to John P. Barnes. rer<-cord of 1689 d. H62, un
divded yk oi lot on S line of Twemy-ihird street,
136 X of Folsom, E 60 by S luO; $375.
Hannah B. Dingley to Charles L. Dingley Jr.,
lot on SW corn*- r of Day and Douglass street, a
61:6 by \V 80: $10.
Charles K. Haze Wine to Bank of California, un
divided half of lot on sk corner oj Green and San
some streets, E 137:6 by Is 54: $5.
Ida M. Kennedy (by R. 1. Wbelan. sheriff) to
Edith A. Chattel), lot on s line of Pacific street,
114:7 Wof MDbOme, W 22:11, 8 78:6, E 23, N
9:9. W 1 inch. N 68:9; $72 j.
11. 'i. Rogers to Isabella A. Rogers, lot on N Hne
of Greenwich street, 80 W of ouponi, W 20 by N
90; »l=o lot on NW line of Minna sreet, 75 SW of
Fourth, SW 25 by NW 80; aso lot on S line of
Precita place, 122 W of Columbia place, si 10J by
W 24; *300-
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
J.rand Alice Greenhood to I). F.dward ColMns,
lot on X line of Holhs street. -.25 S of Verba Buena
avenue, E 125, S 178:5, W r.5. X 185:8 10 begin
ning;, being lots 8, 9 and 10, bicck 14. in plat 6,
Rancbo V. and D. l'eraltu, Oakland: also prop
erty In Tnlare; $10.
Eliza J. Tripp to San Francisco Savings Union,
surrender of 4+5 d 286, on s.v , me of F. Twelfth
street. 75 NW oi second avenut-. NW 75 by SW
300. being lots 7, 8, 9. 16, 17 and 18, blo.:k 27,
Clinton, East Oakland: grant.
Kmma Harvey to George 11. Harv»y, lot on SW
line of East Twenty-third street. 160 NW of Thir
teenth avenue. NW 50 by SW 150, biock 139,
Clinton, East uakli-.nd: gift.
Kvh Sobeeline (wife of Nathaniel) to Edmund
s. Ctprli o, !ot on N line of Tyler street, 400 X of
CalaK, X 50 by N 135, being lot 4, block L, Har
mon 'I me:. B^ nteley: $5.
A. J. c-auuuel to Anna c!. snmuel, lot on N line
of Central avenue, 203 E of Ben on (St. John
street), X 50 by N 15u, Alameda; gift.
Kdward Browu to Nina h. Brown, lot on W line
of Park avenue, 236:8 i /aSa So*S o* Central avenue, 8
50, W 154:i0' 2 , N" 60, iC 154:9Va «■ beginning,
the S third of lot A and N half of lot H, block 3,
Alametla Park Homestead, .\l.irueda; $10
Ernest H. Staples to Myron I. Holcomb. lots 6,
11 and 12, block A, Webster, Twenty-fourth and
Valdiz street property, Oakland ; $10.
«. harle* B»bb to Homer Moot, the N W 50 feet of
lot 2, block B, subdivision 50 cf Associates' Tract,
quitclaim deed. East Oak. and: $5.
Henry H. Ann Alameda L. Bell to Charles F. and
Emily D. Sehulz. lot on NW* line of Thir.i avenue.
100 NE of East Twelfth street, NE 60 by NW 180.
being portion of lots 6 to 1-, block 60, Clinton.
East Oakland; $10.
Ben and Mattle Morgan to Nemie A. Craig, lot
on N line of Charming way, 250 X of Audubou
street (College avenue). E 50 by N 304:6, b>-!iig
the E half of loi 21, block D, Berkeley property,
Berkeley; $10.
Carlo Dell Osso to Anna Beban, lots 13 to 20 and
all of lot 21. which is 40x135, In block 7, Jose
Domingo Tract. Berkeley; flO.
Julius T. Schich to I mil Liess. lot 11, biock D,
map of Buenaventura Tract, Berkeley: "10.
Charles and Eme'ie Clausen to Lavinla L. Rat
tenbury. lot on E line of Chestnut street, 100 N of
Thirty-second, N 25 by E 128:3, Oakland, quit
claim deed; $10.
Lester G. and Mary I. Burpee to First National
Bank of Oakland, lots 9. 10, 11, 15, 17. 10 and 20,
resubdi vision of that portion of plai 18, W of Pine
street, Amended Map, Lakeview, East Oakland:
Edwin W. and Mary A. Woodward, Warren R
and Grace Shilling to Lester G. Burpee, same: also
property In Kresno. quitclaim deed; $10.
John L. Champlin (assignee Edwin W. Wood
ward, insolvent) to same, same two discretions,
quitclaim deed: $1.
Charles R. story to Caroline T. B. story, lot on
» line of cedar street, 1&0 W from Scenic avenue, I
\\ 60 by s 1 24.36, being lot 8 in biock 5, Daley's
Scenic Park. Berice.ey: gift.
Emmal.Bowue to Delos Pratt, lots 6 and 6 in
subdivision C, Fruitvale Terminal Tract, Brooklyn
Township: ?10.
The McCarthy Company (a corporation) to
same, saui-: $10.
KxpTanarion.
Tne arrow file* with "he wind. The top flgnrw
tt station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath It. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hunUredtlis.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted Hues, equal temperature. The
word "hitfh" means hish barometric pressure and
Is usually acromuanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accoinpmiied by cloudy weather and mini.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
ccast. Whi-B the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the lnobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when '.he "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warrnel
weather mny be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
«11l produce an opposite result.
LATEST SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Slovemeiits of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
KXW YORK— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr Veendam,
from Rot erdam.
Sailea Repl 6— 'Umr La Bourgogne, for Havre:
strur for London; st.mr Amsterdam, for
Rotterdam: stmr Saale, for Bremen; stmr Cits - of
Rome, for Giasjow. 3tmr E.ruria, for Liverpool;
stmr Scandla, for Hamburg.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out Sept 5— Stmr
New York.
Sailed Sept 6— Stmr Paria, for New York.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived out Sept b— Stmr Colum
bia.
BREMEBHAVEN- bailed Sept 5-Stmr Mod
oben, for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Sept 6— Stmr La Touralne, for
New York.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Sept 2— Stmr Marsala, for
New York.
GLASGOW— SaiIed Sept 4— Stmr State of Ne
braska, for New York.
MAKKIAOK LICENSES.
The following marriage .icenses were issued by
the. Comity Clerk's office yesterday:
R. K. ?>. McCloskey and csarab Brown, 24—17.
William H. Brittaln and May Mead, '24— Jt».
Alexander L. Petty and Katie M. Welch. 32—19.
Henry Kirkholm and Kristine Petersen, "9 — 31.
tieorge T. Cowan and Kosa K. F^lirn, 50—42.
Andrew Stohlgreti and Kmma Fernquist. 30—30.
C. J.A. Nelsou and Wilhelrulna Nesainler.M-' — 35.
Arastus T. Ing c and Effie A. K. Je<see. 48—24.
Henri Benguerel and Mark- Indirt, 32—26.
J-'. H. Qualman and Agnes Sullivan. 31—17.
NilsC. Andresenand Marie J. Molinier, -JB— 24.
Chrntopher B. Sava;e and Adelaide D0h5.25— 22.
Oscar Odin and Emma Carlson, 27— '-'7.
Joan Saint- Lozin autl Madaline Condou, •2 9—22,
David A. Hannah and Lizzie Jones. 46—36.
Abe L. Brown and Fanny Aaron, 26—28.
John A. Mubj. aud Marie Siewart, 31 — 32.
11l 1 : DIVOKCE i;i.« OKI).
Complaint fllwl-.
Chauncey Parke against Eliza Parke.
Sarah L. Moore against Frank P. Moore.
BlitilLy— JiAiUUAliES—
f Birth, marriage and death notice* sent by milt
will not be Inserted. They mus - be handed ia at
cither of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons autnorizeJ
to uave the same published. J
KORN.
AST— In this city, August 22, 1898, to the wife of
E L. Ast. a daughter.
DAVIS— In South S»n Francisco, September 1,
1896, to the wife of J. L. Davis, a son.
DAY— In Oakland, September 4, 1896, to the wife
of William H. Day, a daughter.
DINNIGAN— In this cltv, August 28, 1896, to the
wife of Richard R. Dinnigan. a daughter.
OUNDHRSON —In this city, September *, 1896,
to the wife of C. Gunaerson. a sou.
LESLIE— In this city, August 25, 1896, to the
wife of s. A. Leslie, a son.
MOFFITT— In this cltv, August 29, 1896, to the
wife of Edward R. Jloihtt, a daughter.
PARKER-ln Berkeley, September 5, 1896, to the
wife of George E. Parker, a son.
ROTHWEtLKR— rn this cltv. August 30, 1896,
to Mi vwlie of Charles Rothweiler. n son.
MABKIED.
BREDEHOFT— DIRKS— In this city, September
6, 1896, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Claus Brede-
hoft and Anna C. H. Dirks.
FAIRCHILD— In this city. September
2, 1-96. by the Rev. Horatio Stebblns. Mahlon
D. Fairchild of Oakland, Cal.. and Mabel K.
French of Carson, Nev.
KESSLKU— MICHAELIS— In this city. Au<?uu
26. 1896, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Richard P.
Kessier and Emma MichaelU.
LUDWIG— HKLAHAEF— In this cltv. Aucust 16,
1896. at the bride's residence, by Justice John
A. Carrol, Harry C. Ludwl? and Eliza E. Dela-
haef. both of San Francisco.
SCHLICHTMANN— HACHMANN— In this City,
September 3, 1896, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng,
August !-ciilichtmann of Bethany, Cal., and
Emma Hachmann of I.iverroore, Cal.
SMITH— STROECKER— In this city. September
3. 1833. by theß-v. J. Fuendellng, Franklin A.
Smith and Emma M. . troecker.
— _______ .__ _
i>ijsi>.
Bowdlch. Ellen Teresa Hohart. Joseph B.
Brandt, Ernest Juhler, Alfred L.
Byrne, Caroline C. Kalb, Florence A
! Campbell. Mary si. Llewelyn, David S.
Carlson. Eric McCrary, Thomas
ClarK, Michael O'Mahouy, James
Dodge. Miles B. Pfelffer. Charles J.
Donohue. John W. Schulte, Theodore
Fo ey, Annie Scott, John B.
. Gu:ider-on (infant) Stedman, Charles
Harbaugh, Mrs. R.
1 BOWDICH (nee McC A RTHY- In this city Sen'
6. Ellen Teresa Bovdich, beloved wife of Rich-
ard W. Bowdich and dearly beloved mother ol
1 Grace and Ethel Mar-arette McCarthy nd
daughter of the late John and Margaret Barrw
and beloved sister of M , H-, j. J., \y. _ and (i
F. Barry ana Mrs. & F. Hodekjns, a native oi
West Mali land, Australia. native
JB3-Notice of funeral hereafter. Australian
papers please copy.] t "~i-_
1 BKANDT-In this city. September. 1896. Ernest
1 Brandt, beloved husband of the late Tliere a
I ■ Bra nit. and father of Dora, Harry and Juliu"
. Brandt, a native of Uermuiy, age-i 42 year*
. «9"Friends and acquaintances are -respes'..'
,• fnllv invited to attend tnafuner-t TUESDAY
1 September 8, at 2 o'clock p. h.. from the par-
lors of H. C. Poriur & Co.. 122 Eddy streeL
1 Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. y Btreeu
I BYRNE— In this city, September 3, 1896, Caroline
, C., beloved daughter of Matthew and Katie
, Byrne (nee Lucas), and sister or Robert Byrne!
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years and is
( Qftysu
1 .**" F rlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tills o \y
f (Sunday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
, dence or the parents. 1 i White street, oil V»-
Ii«-Jo. between Hyde and Larkiu. lutermeu:
I Holy Cross Cemetery.
, CAMPBELL— In this city. September 4. 1896,
Mary Sus beloved infant daughter of Joseph
and Sarah Campbell, a native of San Francisco
aged 4 months and 28 days. '
' <*"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
-1 fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. _. from the resi-
dence of the parents. 29 Dehon str2et. between
sixteenth and Seventeenth. Church and Sanchez.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CARLSON— In this. Mty, September 2, 189(5, Eric
Carlson, her of Jack Carlson, Mrs. F. B.
Brown and Mrs. Christine Kngelbrechtson o<
Red Bluff, Tehama County, a native of Sweden,
aged '.29 years 4 months ana 18 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend b« funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. it . from Swedish
Socie.y Hall, 901 Market street, under the aus-
pices of the Swedish Society. Interment L O
O. F. Cemetery.
CLARK— this city, Michael, beloved husband
of Margaret Clark, a native of. County Cavan,
Ireland, aged 43 years.
j*3~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funer*! THIS DAY.
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
thence to St. Charies Church, Eighteenth and
Shoiwell streets, for services at. 1 -.30 o'clock p. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DODG;;— In this city, September 3. 1896. Miles
B. Dodge, beloved husband of Laura M. Dod:e,
and father of Mortimer M. and Albert C. Dodge,
a native of Rochester, N. V.. aged 67 years 4
months and 23 days.
£9~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DA.V
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock M.. from Golden Gate
Hall, 625 Sutter street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. ; ■ -. ■■.
DONOHUE— In this city. September 6.1896, John
W., beloved son of Mary and the late Patrick
Donohue, and brother of Allieaod Eugene Dono-
hue, Mrs. Nell Henry and Mrs. James McVan-
ner. a native of san Francisco, age 38 years 9
months and 11 days.
*S-Frfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the tunem TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 120 West Mission street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
' will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FOLEY— In this city, September 3. 1896, Annie
(Anita), dearly beloved daughter of Thomas and
Mary Foley. and sister of Josle and Thomas
Foiey, Mrs. J. Mclaughlin, Frank, : Ella and
the late Julia Folev.
»3~Frieiids and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TH DA V
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock p. 11.. from her late resi-
dence, 62 & Stevenson street, thence to St. Jos-
eph's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
GUNDERSON— In this city, September 4. 1896,
infant son of C. Gunderson.
HARBAUGH— In Alameaa, September 3, 1893.
Mrs. Rosanna Harbaugh, a native of Maryland,
aged 95 years 9 months an 1 6 days.
49" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. _, from her ia«
residence, 2038 Alameda avenue, Alameda.
Interment private.
HOBART— In Golden Gate. Alameda County,
Cal.. September 4, 1896, Joseph B. liobart, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 80 years.
JUHLER-In this city, September 5, 1896, Al-
fred L.. beloved son of Jes M. and Anna junior,
and brother of Jessie, Etta, El wood aud Alma
Juiiler, » native 01 San Francisco, aged 2 years
and 15 days.
KALB— In East Oakland, September 6, 1896,
Florence A., wife of Captain Richard Kalb, and
moi.ier of Alexis, Jrma and Etelka Kustel, a na-
tive of Wisconsin, age. i 40 years 6 months and
15 days. [Sacramento Bee p. ease copy,
Friend* and acquaintances art) respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
TO-iIOHIWiV (Monday), at 2 o'clock p. it., at
her late residence, 1i.6 i 'twenty- third avenue.
- East Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. ■ '
LLEWELYN— In Clayton. Cal., David S. Llew-
elyn, need 33 rears 3 months and b days.
Funeral will take p. ace at Clayton THIS
DAY (Sunday).
McCRARY— In this city, September 3, 1898,
Thomas McCrary, beloved son of Marthleana
»nd Allen McCrary, and brother of S. A. Mc-
Crary, a native of Kansas, aged 24 years. A mem-
ber of Dallas Lodge No. 95, i. O. O. F. , of Friday
Harbor, Wash.
JO"Friends and acquaintances are reso ( »c f -
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clocic p. _, from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street, under the auspices of Odd Fellows' Board
of Kelief of San Francisco. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
O'MAHoNY— In Uklah. Mendoclno County. An-
I gust -7, 1896, James O'Mahony. brother of Pat-
i rick O'Mationy, a native of Fermoy, County
I Cork, Ireland, aged 38 years.
PFKIFFER— In this city, September 3, 1896,
Charles J., beloved son of Louis and Christina
Pfelffer, and brother of Mrs. F. Pfelffer, Mrs. J.
Gibson. Mrs. L. Siuhr, Mrs. S. I. Simmons and
Henry ana Emma I'feirrer, a uaiiva v.' New
York, aged 35 years 5 months and 26 days.
friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the residence
of his parents, SJI Haight street, near Fillmore.
interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SCHULTE— In this city, September 5, 1896, Tneo-
dore schulte. beloved husband of Mary A.
Schulte, a native of Germany, aged 74 years.
SS" Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of St. Peter's Vetein are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the Con-
vent of the Immaculate Conception, Twenty-
fourth and Guerrero streets, thence to St. An-
thony's church. Army and Folsom streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc- .
ing at 9 o'clock _m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SCOTT— In this city, September 5, 1896. John
Benson Scott, a native of Tennessee, aged 68
years.
JBS~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW,
. (Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company, 123
Stockton street, corner of Geary. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
j STEDMAN — In this city, September 5, 1893,
Charles Sled man, a native 01 New York, aged
63 years.
gyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of H. C Porter A Co.. 122 Eddi' siree:.
iticAVOY A CALLmCHER* jT
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMER<J,
2O Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
Jab. McMenomkyT™"' Ohah.'.McMknomkvT
JAMES HeMBNOHKI Si SOX,
UNDEKTAKKHS AND KM BALM*; RS,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. 3354.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERd, '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
19 Vaa Ness aye., near .uarkec su, San Francises
Telephone So. 156.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY; NEAREST CEMtt-
tery to the city; non-sectarian : In no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Office tit*.' Market
street, southeast corner of Sixtlt.
I ■
CAMPAIGN RATS.
Political Heitdgear Made This Tear in
Picturesque Styles.
There are made this year for wear in the
political parades of all parties campaign
hats of red, white and blue of a novel char
acter. In making fur derby or soft hats
the fur is first brought together as a hat
body upon a metal cone about two feet
j high and having many perforations. This
cone, standing upon its base, is made to
revolve slowly within a tailer glass box;
there is produced <rom below a constant
draught downward throutrli the perfora
tion. The fur of which the hat is to be
formed, sheared from the skin and light
and fluffy, is fed into the upper part of tne
chamber, where it floats about in sepa
rated fibers and is gradually drawndowa
to the cone.
It does not co through the perforations,
but lodges across them and all over the
cone in a uniform tiickness. It is a very
simple but a very wonderful operation.
Tne hat body thus first formed goes
through various processes of shrinking,
felting and shaping until finally it is fin
ished as a smooth, hard-finished derby, or
a smooth or rough-finis Leu felt or soft hat.
The red, white and blue campaign hut is
made of furs dyed in these colors, fed into
the cone chamberand mixing on the cone.
The finished hat is a soft felt, rough fin
ished, with more or less of the colored
fiber ends free, after the manner of rough
nnishei soft hats.
■ The Napoleonic is a wool soft hat, with
[ the sides turned up in the style of the
chapeau worn by Napoleon. It is marie
with brims in different widths, so that
( when the sides are turned up there ia
, some variation in the length of the pro
jecting points, one style having longer
; points, another shorter. It is worn plain
1 or witli a badge upon one side or with a
1 narrow ribbon laid diagonally across one
side. The Nuuoleonio is made in black,
, in white and in other colors.
There is a gold hat and a silver hat
which are identical in shape. The gold
, hat is gold colored and trimmed with a
, gold cord. The silver hat is gray in color
and trimmed with a silver cord.
A campaign hat tnat is intended for
every-day uae as well as for wear in po
litical parades is a smooth-finished felt in
the style of a tourist hat. creased in the
top. The tip or lining is printed with a
party device and the hat is worn with or
without a campaign button in the band. —
1 New York Sun.
♦ ♦ — •
Cape Colony exports annually £20,000
worth of dried flowers.Interesting News Items From Alameda County.
ALAMEDA GETS
THE CONVENTION
Republican County Commit
tee Arranges Details
of Primaries.
EVANS RAISES A STORM.
Charges That the Committee at
the Congressional Primary
Showed Partiality.
CHTJKCH ATTEMPTS A DENIAL
Delegates Will Meet in the Encim.l
City to Nominate County Candi
dates Two Weeks Hence.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, bept. 5. ) |
The Republican County Central Com
mittea held a meeting this afternoon
to arrange for the primaries and to elect i
delegates for the County Convention. The i
■primaries will be held Saturday, Septem- j
ber 19, ami the convention Monday, Sep- j
tember 21, at 10 a. m. in Alameda. The ;
b.isis of representation is one delegate to
each :;; V, votes cast for M. M. Estee at the
last cubernatorial election.
This apportionment will make a conven- j
tion of 244 delegates as follows: First
"Ward, 14; Second Ward, 10; Third Ward,
18; Fourth Ward, 17; F.fth Ward, 14;
fcixth Ward, 12; Seventh Ward, 21; Ala- j
meda. 34; Brooklyn Township, 11; Eilen.
18; Oakland, 37; Murray, 13; Washing
ton, 16.
The following, offered by Riley from
Brooklyn Township, raised a s>torm, but
was adopted :
Ruolved, That each county committeeman :
be authorized to select polling-places and ap- j
point officers of election in their respective I
wards tina townships, and apportion the delt- ;
gates fixed to be voted lor in their respective ;
wards and townships, as in their juugaient ;
will eive a fair representation to each precinflt ,
Mr. Evans of the Seventh Ward, in op- |
posing it, said: "This committee has been j
Bat upon by the people a number of times !
and they will be again if the apportion
ment of delegates is not by precincts so
thtwt every section can be represented, i
They will not be smothered with a blanket
ticket. The committee has been working j
in the interests of certain persons and
along certain lines and not for the best in
terests of the people at large."
Mr. Fletter of Aianieda protested
agitinst any such rematks, and declared
that the committee had not worked for
any person.
Mr. Peters of Washington Township
said the country had been forced two
years ago to be shut out by a blanket i
ticset, and that now they wanted to be j
given an opportunity to select their own i
delegates.
Kod Cnurch of the Fourth Ward de
clared his honesty of purpose in all that ;
he had done and denied that the commit
tee had ever worked for any person, but !
was doiug all it could for the Republican |
party.
L'Actions speak much plainer than ;
vrords," was Mr. Evans' reply to Church's
remarks. "I say this committee has ;
worked for certain persons. They elected j
delegates to go to a convention fora cer
tain person. Did they co? No; notmuch.
The people sat on the committee in good |
shape. I shall aeain repeat now that this
committee has worked for the interests j
of certain persons, and no one will care to
<ieny it."
No one offered to deny it.
It was then decided that the primaries
should be open from 1 to 7 p. m.
Messrs. Riley, ±*eiers and Church were
named as a sub-committee to prepare a
call and make the necessary arrangements
for registering for the primary, and Mr.
Fletter to make necessary arrangements
for the convention in Alameda.
INCENDIARISM IS TRIED.
Some Unknown Perscn Attempts
to Destroy the Peraita
Firehouse.
Freshmen Chased Off the Campus hy
Sophomores — Enthusiast c Re»
publicans— Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 5. — An at
tempt was made last night by some un
known person to burn the Peralia iire
house on Siisttack avenue. About 9
o'clock flames were seen to Issue from the
rear of the building, but by prompt action
on the part of S. H. Borkheim and J. El
lerson they were extinguished before do
ing much damage.
Investigation disclosed a quantity of
rags that had been saturated with coal
oil under the mudsill at the rear of the
structure. The planks were considerably
charred, and doubtless the building would
have gone up in smoke but for the prompt
bervice of the two men.
It is a peculiar coincidence that the
members of the Peraita company were
lidding: an entertainment at South Berke
ley Hall when their headquarters were on
lire, while no clew to the firebug has been
bef nred.
Rumor has it that the work w»3 done
by some of the persons who recently op
posed the election of James Kenney to the
chiefshiD of the Berkeley depaitment.
Considerable jealousy and hard feelings
have arisen as the result of the candidacy
of Kenney for the position.
Chased Off the Campus.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 5.— A party of
about twenty rreunraei> were chased off
the campus this morning by the sopho
mores. This is the way it all came about.
Yesterday morning the freshman class —
"1900"— appeared on the baseball back-
BtoD, painted in white figures about twelve
feet in height. The "sophs" left it there
all day, but this morning they made up
their minds to replace the "1900" with a
'"99." Having done so they stood up to
defend it. In the meantime the fresmen
had been gathering their forces from all
over the campus with the purpose of sub
duing the "sophs."
They came in a body until irithin about
100 yards oi the backstop, where they gave
their slogan of war. This was enoSjjh.
The sophs rushed at them wildly. The
••00" men s owed the white father and
goi off the campus as lively as iheir legs
would carry them, with the sophomores in
hot pursuit.
Ratification Meeting.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. s.— The first
grand raiihcation meetine this season of
th» W««t Berkeley McKinleyites took
Place to-night at Sisterna Hall. The
building was crowded to the doors and
much enthusiasm was displayed. Charles
H. Spear, County Recorder, presided, and
after a pointed introductory speech pre
sented the Hon. John T. Dare to the audi
ence as the speaker of the evening.
Brief remarks were made by a number
of other speaker-. The Republican clubs
of East Berkeley, Golden Gate, Temescal,
Lorin and the State University were repre
sented. Will Schmidt's colored jubilee
sineers enlivened the meeting by the ren
dition of a number of comic campaign
songs. The meeting was voted hs one of
the most successful yet neld in Berkeley.
;■) v May Be Crowded Out.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. s.— Unless
more room is secured at the State Univer
sity there is a probability of Dr. G. M. btrat
ton, who is to assume charge of the new
psychological laboratory, being crowded
out because of no place in which to Bet up
his apparatus. .
Absolutely no provision seems to have
been made lor the reception of the new in
structor and his equipment, and there are
no funds available with which to supply a
new building. The delicacy of the appar-
I atus which Dr. Stratton is to use makes
it imperative that an isolated laboratory
De secured. He will reach Berkeley on
the 12th inst., and unless some- prevision
is immediately made for his workshop he
will probably be without a position.
-»» — — • •
Fireman Wright Succumbs.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Sept. 5. — Pierce
Wright a lirem&n, died at FaDioia Hos
pital to-night. He was one of the men
who was injured in the train wreck at
Niles Canyon a month apo. The train
was willfully wrecked and tumbled over
the embankment. An inquest will be
held, as th« case is one of murder against
some unknown person.
Ex-Attorney Uurri§B Arrested.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept. 5.— J. F. Bur
riss, an attorney who was disbarred about
two' years ago, was arrested to-night on a
charge of forgery. Burriss, it is alleged,
s^ned the name of his landlord (Gooby) to
a note for $100 and Gooby caused his arrest.
TO HELP A DEAF MUTE.
Society Will Attend the Acme
Club's Benefit to William
Egan Next Monday.
Eb?li Solely, 0 ympic. Reliance and
State University Ciubs Will Help
to Make It a Success
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 5. )
William "Spran, a deaf mute who has de
cided to become a lawyer, has made
known hi 3 desire and everybody- ha3 ex
pressed a willingness to help him. Mon
day night the Acme Club will give him a
benefit at the Macdonough, and the Olym
pic, Reliance and State University ath
letic clubs wili also help. The Ebel l So
ciety and the Athenian Cluh will also
patronize the entertainment and it is ex
pected that there will be a big house.
Although Egan has been badly handi
capped by his infirmities he has made
good progress and a short time aeo he
began studying law in the office of \V. W.
Foote. The latter has taken a deep inter
est in the young man ana has done a
greut deal for him.
It was through the influence of Mr.
Foote thai Senator G. C. Perkins and Con-
I, KM in an Maguire became interested in
the deaf mute and promised to get him in
the National Colleee.
Egan is confident that he can make a
success as a lawyer. He haa saved a little
money, but it takes more than he has to
live at Washington, and that is the reason
why all or the young man's friends have
decided to help him out.
«■ ♦ — •
Tried to Burn an Kngiiif -Hou*e.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept. While Pe
raita hook and ladder companies 3 and 5
of South Berkeley were giving an enter
tainment to-night for the purpose of buy
ing a firebell some one set tire to their
engine-house. The fire was discovered by
Sam Borckeim and soon put out. In the
rear where the lire started was found a
lot of refuse saturated with coal oil. and a
hole bad been cut in the bouse. The en
tertainment was a big success, and the
members of the companies are now hunt
ing the incendiaries and promise a picnic
if they are found.
McKinley Club.
HAYWAKDS, Cal., Sept. s.— At an en
thusiastic meeting lust night a McKinley
Club was organized, with a large enroll
ment. The officers elected are: Henry
Meek, president; Harry Brown, vice
president; Fred V. Hoyt, secretary; H.
E. Fisher, treasurer; W. J. Ramage, ser
jeant-at-arms. The finance committee
consists of Charles Prowse, R. Reid, J. C.
Crooks and E. K. -Sirowbridge. Open
meetings will be held twice a month, but
hie club will meet each Saturday night.
Kebind Prison Bars.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. George L.
Jones, who started out last Christmas to
see the world by joining the ship Tacoma,
is held in a New York City prison aB a
witness in a murder case aboard that
vessel. He has been he;d since April 2,
but Congressman Hilborn has been inter
ested in his behalf, and it id now thought
that he may secure his release.
Jones was. a handsome, clever high
school boy, well known and generally
liked here.
Nearly a Row.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. During a
meeting of the License Committee of the
City Council last evening Councilman
Watkinson applied a vile epithet to Coun
cilman Buckland, and it appeared for a
moment as if there would be blows, but
the Jattar controlled himself and con
tinued the business of the committee, of
which he is chairman.
• * • — .
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told In
Brief Chapter*.
Oakland Office San Francibco Call,)
908 Broad way, Sept. 5. j
The Prohibitionist ('ounty Convention will
be held in this City Wednesday, when a full
ticket will be put iv nomination.
Rev. James Small oi the First Christian
Church wili reply to Rev. P. C. Yorke's
lecture, "Where Did We Get the Bible?' on
Sunday evening.
Tuetdav evening there is to be what is called
fl "ladies' uight Republican meeting" at
Pedrini's Hall, Temescal, under the auspices
ot the Regular Republican Club of Temescal.
The Piedmont Precinct Club will meet at the
residence of Mrs. T. L. Walker, 2549 Piedmont
avenue, on Monday, September 7, at 2:30 P. M.
Ali those living in Piedmont who are inter
ested in woman suffrage are cordially iuvited
to be present.
The convention of the Alameda County
Christian Endeavor Union will be held Friday
afternoon and evening in the First Presby
terian Church in Berkeley.
Percy Wright, the brakeman on the train
which went over the embankment at Niles
Canyon on July 25, resulting la the breaking
of hi* leg a':d inflicting other serious injuries
died last evening.
The wile of William H. Stannard, who left
San Jose for this city last month, fears that
her husband has committed suicide, as he
wrote ht-r a letter saying that he was un
worthy of her love and had left her forever.
The Danish Norwegian Baptists will dedi
cate their new house of worship, on Twentv
flfill avenue, near Fourteenth sireet. East Oak
land, to-morrow at 3 p. m. Th- services will be
iv Euiclish. All are weicome. Rev. K. Tycksen,
pastor.
Bessie M. Ellis has fi!e.l an amended com
plaint against the Oakland, Ban Leandro and
Hay wards Electric Railway Company, in which
she esks for damages iv the sum of $5000 for
injuries received by the accident on the
Twelfth-street dam last May.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
A QUEER VARIETY
"GIVEN TO GOD"
Unique Harvest Festival of
the Salvation
Army.
PREPARING FOR WINTER
Revolvers of Would-Ba Suicides,
Goats and 0 d Piano Gladly
Donated.
A WEE GIRL GIVES HER PETS.
A Case of Wine Caused Some Anxiety
Which Was, However, Very
Hippily Dispelled.
Oaklanp Office San Fkakcisco Call.)
908 Broadway, Sept. 5. j
The "Harvest Home Festival" of the
Salvation Army, which was inaugurated
The Strange Collection of Gifts Which the Charitable People of Oakland Have Donated to the
Salvation Army in Celebration of "Harvest Home."
last Thursday and which will close next
Tuesday night, has awakened consider
able interest. It partakes somewhat of
the nature of the method in which a pio
neer parson was paid hia salary before
there was a coin currency.
The object of the festival is to replenish
the treasuries of the various branches of
army work, so that during the coming
winter they will be enabled to carry on
theii many philanthropic efforts and not
be more than usually cramped. The army
is so situated in regard to its institutions
that it can find a use for almost anything,
and much that an ordinary mortal would
call rubbish is of some value to the Sal
vation Army.
"We know that there are plenty of peo
ple who would like to help as," said Adju
tant Reid to-day, "but they have so little
money that they cannot part with any.
So we have decided upoa a plan by which
all can do something. Our homes are
just as grateful for a dollar's worth of pro
visions as for a dollar, and anything that
we cannot use we shall sell at auction next
Tuesday night. It is surprising to see
some of the things that are sent to us. So
far all have been useful, and we have re
ceived a small amount of money. The
many homes, shelters and stations that
we maintain are now regarded .\a part of
our social institutions, at<d being sttcii it is
regarded as a public advantage that they be
supported. This coming winter will prob
ably be a very hard one, as the industrial
conditions are so disturbed vith the Na
tional elections, so I hope our friends will
not forget us. They can bring a spare
dollar or a few pumpkins, or some provi
sions, or meat or anything edible, useful
or ornamental, and we will get the greatest
possible amount of good out of it."
The collection of things "given to God"
is instructive whether the language of the
call for the festival be interpreted literally
or figuratively. An old piano and a goat
have been donated, and a little girl has
made a sacrifice of her two pet rabbits;
Another little tot brought her toy drum,
and among the things that presumably
some oi the donors think the angels need
are a cow and a number of pumpkins. Old
clothes are numerous, and a couple of re
volvers that would have ended lives ere
this, but for the attract ion of the drum, are
also there. An unselfish hunter has do
nated a rifle and cartridge belt. One de
voted youngster, anxious to do something,
but having uo money, gathered some old
horseshoes and Bcrapiron and dragged his
little sack to the barracks. Many sacri
fices have been made by the soldiers and
junior soldiers, and many more will be
made before Tuesday.
There will be a great auction sale Thurs
day night.
One gift somewhat perplexed Adjutant
I Reid. It was a ca.e of wine, and the Sal
[vation Army has little use for wine. Alter
much debate it was decided to turn it over
to the army physician.
A. E. PECKHAM FATE.
A Body Supposed to Be His Found in
Contra Costa.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 5.— A. E. Peck
bam, a painter residing at B and Hollis
streets. North Oakland, left four weeks
ago for Vallejo and has not been heard of
since. He bad been conducting a grocery
store, but failed, and his relatives fear that
in a tit of despondency he has taken his
life.
Peckham left a wife and for.r children
on B street, who are in rather straitened
circumstances. News has been received
that a body has been washed up at Port
Costa that is believed to be his.
TVil llama Is Free.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. s.— Ed Marks,
or Wiihams, was released from the County
Jail by the Federal authorities. He was
arrested for sending obscene letters
through the mails to Mollie Travnor, who
recently committed suicide. He was re
quired to give a personal Donu ot fICO,
which is, of course, worthless, and it is
supposed that the Federal authorities con
sider the evidence insufficient to warrant
a conviction.
Council Matters.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Sept. s.— The City
Council will not transact any business
Monday, but adjourn un il Tuesday even
ing, as it is a legal holiday.
The special committee named for the
purpose has come to an agreement witn
the Contra Costa Water Company, and
the latter will be allowed to leave its pipe
on the Eighth-street bridce, paying $2000
for the privilege.
Unjustly Imprisoned.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. s— Mendel
Thymnel, by his guardian. Jacob Thym
nel, ha? filed suit for $299 damage., for
false imprisonment against Julius T?chich
of Alameda. The boy was* arrested and
confined in jail two hours on the com
plaint of Tschich on a charge of improper
conduct to the latter's daughters, which
charge could not be substantiated.
PRODUCE TO BE RAISED,
Alameda's Health Board Orders
That Food Be Lifted From
Sidewalks.
Bicycles Rent for io Cents an Hour,
as a Result of a Rate War in
the Encinal.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. s.— The Board
of Health meeting last night was attended
by only a bare quorum. The Health Of
ficer reported that the deaths for the
month were seven and the births seven.
The ordinance affecting the placing of
all produce at least two feet above the
sidewalks and floors was ordered to be
rigidly enforced, in spite of the Health
Officer's Query whether it was not inter
fering too much with a person's private
rights.
.fohii Hull Punished.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Sept. s.— John Hull,
the man who pleaded guilty to four
charges of indecency committed twelve
months ago. was sentenced this afternoon,
by Justice Morris, to six months' impri
sonment in the County Jail on each
charge, the sentence to be cumulative.
Charles Lambert was sentenced to six
months' imprisonment for petty larceny.
Lives in an Ark.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 5. — Captain
Alonzo Green, who, with his family, has
been living for more than two years in an
ark, moored on the beach at the San
Leandro end of Encinal avenue, has had
the ark raised on screwjacks for a general
overhauling preparatory to a removal to
the Sacramento River. Captain Green is
a former old-time City Trustee.
Lailiea' Choral Society.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept s.— The Ladies'
Choral Society is in full swing again under
the baton of Theodore Vogt. Numerous
applications for membership have been
received by the president, Mrs. F. H. Mr-
Cormick, and the secretary, Mrs. H.
Teller.
Yacht Club Jenki.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Sept. s.— The male
members solely of the Encinal Yacht Club
held a "smoker" and "high jinks" this
evening in honor oi the victory of its
yacht Fawn over the Catherine. Captain
Sutherland and bin crew, with the other
officials in the race, were also present by
invitation.
Bicycles for 1O Cent*.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. s.— For the last
few weeks cut rates for renting are the
rule among the cycleries here. The price
now charged is 10 cents an hour, or 25
cents for three hours.
PEACEFUL STRIFE
IN FAIR ALAMEDA.
Rival Religionists Working
Hard for Spiritual
Supremacy.
PARK STREET AROUSED.
Each Tries to Suppress the Other
With Blasts of Martial
Music.
AN ARMED TRUCE NOW ON.
The Salvation Army and New Volun
teers of America in Battle
Array.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. s.— There are
two religious organizations in this city —
the Salvation Army and the Volunteers
cf America, a tival organization — each of
which believes that the town is not big
enough for both, and their efforts to con
vince each other that it would be bettei
to move have much interested the good
citizens of the Encinal City, and inci
dentally not a little incensed some of the
professional and business men along Pari
street.
When the Volunteers first made their
appearance in Alameda on the Ist inst.
their efforts at gaining adherents were
confined to quiet drumming among
the religiously inclined, but the Salvation
ists had been long established and were
not to be ousted from public notice by any
young organization, and particularly an
offshoot of the army, and the new comers
were compelled to resort to other tactics,
which they did without delay.
Park street, between Encinal and Rail
road avenues, is about the only portion of
this city where it is any use to hold open
air meetings, for here the business of the
town is centered, and here the residents
repair in the evening to shop and talk
over the incidents of the day.
On Part street the Salvation Army has
held forth nightly for years, and here the
Volunteers also took up their stand. At
first th ■ army had the majority of audi
tors, but its rival soon created a diversion
that changed the complexion of affairs.
On Thursday evening the army, full
twenty strong, took its nsual stand on
Par* street, near Santa Clara avenue, and
prepared for services. While the prelimi
nary song was being sung the Volunteers,
less as to numbers but otrong as to deter
mination, marched up and swung into line
across the street.
.Every member from the commander
down carried a musical instrument of
some kind, from the big bass drum to a
fife, and all waited silently for the Salva
tionists to begin. The song over, a stal
wart soldier in bis nutty uniform stepped
from the ranks and, addressing tha crowd
that had assembled to hear tne "testify
ing." began:
"Dear friends, 1—"1 — "
"Bang, bung, boom, boom," went the
big drum across the street, accompanied
by a rousing martial air from the other
instruments.
The orator tried to continue, but the
blare of cornets and drums completely
drowned his voice, and with a reproacniul
look he paused to await the close of the
serenade.
The Volunteers had no intention of
losing the attention they had by ihis time
begun to command, and by the time
"Marching Through Georgia" was fin
ished, "Hail Columbia, Happy Land" was
ready, followed by "I Would Like to Be a
Soldier of the Loid."
Ihe crowd gradually drifted away from
the Salvationists to the rival meeting, and
Captaiu Mills of the Volunteers began to
smile. Wheu a sufficient audience had
been gathered, the music ceased and a
Volunteer stepped forward to urge his
hearers to repentance.
On the Salvation Army side of the street
a consultation was hastily neld. and the
Volunteer had hardly lairly launched into
his peroration when there was a stir in the
Salvation ranks.
The crowd thought that the army, true
to its martial character, was about to
charge the Volunteers, but its intention
was more peaceful though not less noisy,
and in an instant every soldier's musical
instrument was at his mouth.
The Volunteer had reached "I was a
sinful man until" — when a crash of music
shook the very ground and the rest was
lost to the listening crowd.
The Salvationists played as though
their very souls and sill their facial
muscles were in the music, and if any
thing they exceeded the efforts of the
Volunteers.
The drummer was particularly energetic
and the de«p booming of his instrument
sounied up and down the otherwise quiet
street with a deaiening roar.
Of course that settled the Volunteers'
meeting, but they were not to be outdone
and they began to play their instruments,
aided by the clang ot the gongs of a counle
of passing electric cars, making a racket
such as Park street had not heard in many
moons.
By this time the news as well as the
noise of the musical conflict had pene
trated to adjacent streets and crowds be
gan to gather to learn the cause of the
uproar and merchants and others wen^to
the leaders of the two bodies and asked
for mercy which was graciously accorded
and both marched off with proud mien
and flying banners that plainly showed
th&t each felt that a great victory had been
won.
Since that time the two organizations
have not come together for a contest of
lungs and arms, but the truce appears io
be an armed one and Alameda is in sus
pense as to what will be the next aggressive
move of the rivals.
OWL CLUB'S SOCIAL.
A line Programme Arranged for Their
Entertainment and Dance This
Evening.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept. s.— To-morrow
evening at Washington Hall, corner of
Sixth avenue and Twelfth street, East Oak
land, the Owl vaudevile company will
give a grand literary and musical enter
tainment for the benefit of the newly
organized Owl Athletic Club.
An elaborate programme has been
arranged for the occasion, and some of
the best talent in Oakland has volunteered
its services.
The proceeds of the evening's entertain
ment will go toward equipping a- gym
nasium and putting vhe club on a good
financial basis.
The following is the programme: Piano
solo, Mrs. I. Holmes; instrumental trio,
Miss S. Schiethe and the De Vass sisters
(Johana and Elvira); recitation. Miss Eva
Adams; Delsarte portrayals. Jessie New
man ; butterfly book dance, Pearl and
Irene Bradbuiy; song and dance, the
Misses Lund and Howard; fancy club
swinging, Fred Lewis; vocal anet, Miss
Eva Holmes and Miss Irepe Bradbury;
comic recitations, William A. McGrill;
cornet solo, \V. W. Davis; fancy dat.cing,
the Misses Lund and Miss Howard; fire
club-swinging, Fred Lewis; zither solo,
J. Hoe; overture, Lercher's orchestra.
Dancing will conclude the evening's
programme^
DEATH OF LITTLE JIM.
Was Killed by the Mendota
Freight Train at Death's
Curve, West Oakland.
Busy Playing With Two Little Com
panions, He Did Not Sic the Loco
motive Approaching.
Oakland Offtce San Francisco Call, J
908 Broadway, Sept. 5. j
James B. Simpson, a little boy 8 years
of age, was cut to pieces by a freight train
at the junction of Cedar and Short streets
this morning.
Little Jim was playing with two com
panions near the West Oakland yards and
suddenly he ran across the track. Trains
are so numerous at the curve where the
lads were playing that they did not notice
one approaching.
Engineer George Thomas, who was in
charge of the Mendota freight train, saw
the lad on the track, but he was so close
to the locomotive that there was no time
to sto p and the boy was run over.
The little boy was fearfully mangled,
and when taken from beneath the wheels
it was with difficulty that he was recog
nized. The Coroner took the remains to
the morgue and neighbors prevented his
mother from seeing him. He was the son of
John H. Simpson, a longshoreman resid
ing at 1775 William street.
The curve where James Simpson was
killed is the most dangerous spot in West
Oakland. It is part of Death's Curve,
where over a dozen people have been
killed during the past few years. A short
time ago a woman distributing miik was
killed at the same place.
Wrestler Leau Out-Wrestled.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. s.— The Lean-
Williamsbn wrestling match to-night was
a surprise and Al Lean's star as a wrestler
has set permanently. Lean is the Reliance
idol and Williamson is pet of the Acme
Club, and when the match opened late to
night E:ite Hall was full of members of
the two rival clubs. Lean had boasted
that he would throw Williamson five times
in an hour.
Both men worked hard and at the end
of an hour Williamson bad not been
thrown once and was decidealy the fresher
man. The Acme men rushed into the
ring and carried their idol to the dressing
room. The match was for $250 aside and
the gate receipts.
Canning Season Closed.
HAYWARDS, Cal.. Sept. s.— The can
ning season here closed to-day when the
Hunt Cannery stopped work for the sea
son. There have been 40,000 cases of fruit
canned and $15,000 distributed in waxes
this year. Cf the 350 employes ali but
seventy-five are residents of this city.
The output consists of 11,000 cases of cher
ries, 9500 of apricots, 8000 of peaches, 6500 of
pears, 3000 of plums and 2000 of tomatoes.
Pioneer Clone.
DECOTO, Cal., Sept. s.— The funeral of
W. Baker, a pioneer and prominent fruit
raiser of t tiia section, took place yesterday.
He died on Monday evening, after a short
illness, and was 73 years of age. He came
to California in 1857, settling about a mile
from Centerville, but later bou ht and
moved to the place where he died. He
was prominently identified with the local
church and took a deep interest in the
Salvation Army. He leaves a widow and
four married children.
He Pleads Guilty.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. s.— John Hall,
who was arrested on Sunday afternoon,
twelve months after four warrants had
been issued for his arrest on charges of in
decency before minors, pleaded guilty to
the four charges preferred against him this
afternoon.
How They First Met.
Dr. George S. Row of Cincinnati was
married to Miss May Hamilton by the
Rev. Dr. J. C. CaWwell of the First Pres
byterian Church in Shelby ville, Ind., on
Tuesday, the 10th inst. Miss Emma Ham
ilton, mother of the bride, is one of the
wealthiest women in Indiana. Miss Ham
ilton spent much of her Ume in doing
charitable acts. About a year ago she
found a poor oil colored woman about to
lose her eyesight from cataract. Miss
Hamilton fitted her out in suitable clothes
and took her to Cincinnati to Dr. Ayres,
an eye specialist. Associated with Dr.
Ayres was Dr. Row, and for the first time
Miss Hamilton met the man who became
her husband. Mrs. Row is beir to about
$250,000.— Cincinnati Commercial Tribune.
•—• — ♦ — •
There are now orders ahead in the shops
of Paris and London for all the golden
hair that can be purchased in the next
five years.
Ruction Sales
ACCTIOS SALE.
M0NDAY.............. ".........SEPT. 7.
Elegant Oak Furniture of private residence, Lar.
kla street, near Hayes, tee n-.orning p p-rs
• - U H. BIRO. Auctioneer
DENIES HE IS
PECK'S BAD BOY
Colonel Robinson's Protege
Denies Exploding a
Peanut- Roaster.
JAKEY AS AN ATTORNEY
Says He is Too Good a Hebrew
to Be Arraigned on His
Sabbath.
SECURES HIS OWN RELEASE.
Mr. Peck Alleges That Jacob Willfully
Fired His Gasoline Rotary
Machine.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,}
908 Broadway, Sept. 5. )
Jacob Baumgarten is a lad known to
all Oakland. A few years ago, when
Colonel Robinson of baseball fame used
to lead the Oakland team to defeat ana
occasional victory, Jakey was chief
"rooter" of the Piedmont diamond. To
day Jakey appeared in a new role, and
although little in stature and but sixteen
in years, he made a good showing in the
Police Court as his own attorney.
He was charged with malicious mis
chief.
Near the Seventh-street depot A. M.
Peck keeps & rotary peanut cylinder.
The motion is supplied by a minia
ture gasoline engine. Last evening Jakey
was passing, and he noticed that the tank
was leaking and that a little stream of
gasoline was running across the sidewalk.
" Jakey at ouce resolved to recompense
.himself for not being on the htils near
Point Pinole last Tuesday, and decided t<9
have an explosion all to himself. He ap
plied a burning match to the leaking gas
oline and walking a few steps awaited de
velopments. They came speedily, and
peanut machine, glass-stand, engine and
adjacent furniture were instantly wrecked.
The proprietor then tad Jakey arrested.
"Peck's off," said Jakey to-day, "and if
he thinks I'm any of Peck's bad boy sort
of a fellow he's got a lot to learn. I was
passing his place, and after lighting a
cigarette I threw away the match, and be
fore I had walked iiaif a dozen steps I was
covered with flying candied popcorn, and
I think Peck should be made to pay lor
the cleaning of my clothes."
This morning Jakey should have been
arraigned in the Police Court. He ap
peared for himself and made an able
speech. He called the attention of the
Judge to ti e fact that to-day is the He
brew Sabbath, and that be was sure no
Christian would expect a Jew to plead or
do anything else so objectionable on the
Sabbath. He offered, n Mr. Peck was in
a hurry. to appear to-morrow, Sunday,
and ler* h«s case go to trial, if necessary.
Judge Wood, however, postponed the
case till Monday morning, at which time
Jake Baumuaften will have to tell all he
knows about the wreck of Mr. Peck's
peanut-roaster.
On hearing of jakey's trouble, Colonel
Robinson sent word over that he would
go on his Dond, out Jakey is so well known
and has bo many friends that he was re
leased on his own recognizance.
STOCKTON CYCLE RACES.
Entries and Handicaps for the "Wheel
men's Meet on Admission Day.
Official Handicapuer Smyth of the
League of American Wheelmen ha 3 han
dicapped the cycle races to be run at
Stockton on Admission day, September 9,
at the meet to be held there under the aus
pices of the Stockton Athletic Association
in conjunction with the big Native Sons'
celebration. The entries and handicaps
are as follows:
One mile handicap, amateur, first heat— P.
R. Mott, 15 yards; Walter Leitch, 25; P.M.
Lefevre, 43; W. H. Farmer. UO; C. F. Bower,
70; W. B. Plumb, 80; E. O. Webb Jr., 90; Ellis
Sillisbee, 95; F. T. Jordan, 100; William Lonl
gan, 110; N. A. Bennett, 145.
Second nest— Jacob Hirsch, 20 yards; G. H.
Crafts, 40; L. A. Payer;, 65; E. I. Harris, 70 ;
I. C. May, 75; K. H. Eiford, 80; George Jack
son, 85; A. W. Rice, 90; E. F. Hum. 95; F. C.
Hanseu, 100; K. A. Henderson, 100.
Third heal— E. E. Lungueiin, 30 yards: L. A.
Young, 55; R. Robinson, 75; George Boole,
80; E. J. Smith, 90; M. M. Cook, 90; V. J. Ua
liudo. 90; G. A. Wyman, 95; L. F. Okan, 100;
Otto Nelson, 100; W. He«tham, 125.
Kirst lour in each heat qualify for the final.
One-mile handicap, profess. inai, ail in ou«
heat — W. A. TerriU, B. C W., scratch; Oscar
Osen, 0.C., 20 yards; R. L. Long. B. C. W., 50;
D. E. Whitman, Los Angeles, 70; F. M. Byrne,
Imperial, 75; U. A. Mssen, Acme, 80; N. Ac-k
-ermau, Petaluma, 85; EUJChapmuu, 0. C. W,,
90; A. M. Boyden, Acme, 110.
The entries for the scratch events were
published in The Call Thursday.
The local wheel cracks place little ore
dence in the stories which are being rushed
into print about a winter circuit here, at
which Bald, Cooper, Sanger, Macdonald,
Gardiner, the Cailagbans, the Butlers and
ail the other speedy Easterners would
compete. They remember well how this
same story was industriously circulated
from tue same source last fall, and when
the immense party of Easterners arrived
it consisted of only four — Bald, Cooper,
Murphy and Kiser. F. Ed Spooner must
ijave been writing another letter to the
coast, full of his own imaginations, which
are seldom realized. Probably Ziegler,
Wells, McFarland and the other Cahfoi
nians will return home and bring a few
friends with them, but the chances of all
or anywhere noarthe majority of the East
ern cracks spending the winter here are
doubted by those in a position to know,
who are having a good laueh at the ex
pense of the writer of the Btory in ques
tion.
An Original Dramatic Situation.
A really original dramatic situation is
found in "Demi-Sceurs" (stepsisters)," a
play performed recently at the Theatre
dcs Escholiers, one of the many'"artistic"
one - performance theaters that have
sprung up of late years in Paris. It re
quires a good deal of preliminary narra
tive. A young woman, with two equally
devoted lovers, one an artist and a
dreamer, the other an explorer and a man
of action, loves them both and manages
to marry them, one after the other, being
left a widow with a grown-up daughter by
each husband when the play opens. The
daughters take after their fathers, and
three acts are spent in a contest between
the half-sisters to gain the preference in
their mother's affections, she being tor
tured by the same indecision in the case
of her daughters that had made her un
happy with the fathers. The play ends
by one daughter marrying, while the
other goes into a convent, leaving the
mother alone. There are uo male charac
ters in the play.
1516
BUCKLEY NAMES
DIMOND FOR MAYOR
Now Sam Rainey Is Ex
pected to Do the Same
Thing Soon.
AFFINITY OF BOSSES.
The Buckley Convention Ratifies
a Platform and Several
Nominations.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE IS INDORSED
Two Small Brawls Did Not Disturb
the Smooth Glide of the
Programme.
Nine ont of ten of the delegates to the
Buckley convention were astonished half
an hour after the convention reconvened
in B'nai B'rith Hall last evening at learn
ing that their candidate for Mayor was to
be Supervisor Joseph Diruona.
Every last delegate was ready to ratify
the programme whatever it was, but
Buckley and the big bosses had not let it
leak out before the meeting that Dimond
was the man on the slate. A majority
rather expected that Dr. Stanton would
accept the nomination after all.
The nomination of Dimond was es
pecially interesting, because it was the
first, definite and visible sign of a union of
the Buckley and Rainey forces. Dimond
Chairman ). C Nealon Invokes
Silence.
has been quietly talked of as the candi
date of a large element of the Junta, and
there was generally expressed last night
not only the hope but the belief that Di
mond would be nominated by the Rainev
convention on the 15th inst. Just watch
Chris and Sam and you will learn some
thing about practical politics.
The convention last night was a big and
interesting one. filling the hall with men,
smoke and noise. The programme did
not strike a grain of sand as it slided
through.
The platform built for votes, declared
for a 90-cent limit, and even indorsed
woman suffiage and used the name of
Thomas Jefferson.
Six nominations were made, and the
convention took au adjournment until
next Thursday evening. In the interim
Buckley and Rainey may complete a
joint programme.
Chairman J. C. Nealon called the con
vention to order at a quarter to 9 o'clock.
The rollcall and reading of the minutes of
the previous meeting being dispensed
with, James H. O'Brien, chairman of the
committee on permanent organization
and order of business, mounted the ros
trum amid cheers and in stentorian tones
read the report of the committee.
The report recommended that the teni
porory officers be the permanent ones ;
that two committee of eighteen members
be appointed to recommend candidates
for the Board of .Education and for judicial
offices, respectively; that a committee of
live to fill vacancies in the ticket be
appointed ; that an auditing committee of
five, required by the purity of elections
law, be appointed; that reports of Assem
bly and Senatorial nominations by dis
tricts should follow committee reports,
and that the course of the nominations bi
as follows:
Mayor, Auditor, District Attorney, Sur
veyor. County Clerk, Recorder, Tax Col
lector. Treasurer, Coroner, Public Admin
istrator, Attorney ana Counselor, Super
intendent of Streets. Highways and
Squares, Sheriff, Supervisors, School Di
rectors, four Superior Judges, four Police
Judges, five Justices of the Peace. Unex
pired terms — Superintendent of Schools
and two School Directors.
The report further recommended that
226 votes shall be necessary to any nomina
tion and that only one speech, not exceed
ing five minutes in length, be made in
placing any candidate in nomination or in
seconding a nomination.
The report was unanimously adopted as
read, after which Chairman Nealon ap
pointed the'following named serjeants-at
arms: George Casey, Peter Mannix, James
Egan, Edward Cleary and Edward Mul
laney.
\Y. F. Humphreys, secretary of the com
mittee on platform, went to the stage and
read the long and carefully builded plat
form, which was designed to be as im
pressive and popular with as many classes
of the community as possible.
Rather perfunctory applause attended
the reference to National and State issues,
but the succeeding paragraph which
jumped onto the Flood building outfit
reached the heart and was loudly cheered.
The convention cheered the next really
good thing— the pledge that under a
Buckley admiuistration a 90-cent tax
limit would rule. There was a laugn
when the heading, "Water," was read, and
then came the title. "Woman Suffrage."
"Wheel" and 'Ha, ha!" mingled with
the applause.
When the paragraph was finished there
was more applause and amid it a strong
chorus of hisses. The reference to the
A. P. A. produced a brief demonstration,
and as many Buckleyites as have learned
how to stay on a wheel applauded the
championship of bicyclists.
Police Court Attorney Napthaly jumped
np at the bicycle stage and said: "Mr.
Chairman, I move to amend by including
hunting dogs." The convention gave the
whole platform a cheer for luck and
adopted it in three seconds.
Chairman Nealon at once made a neat
ana interesting little speach, thanking the
convention for his second honor, and then
mentioning the ever-interesting subject of
union with the Rainey prodigals up the
street.
'•This convention," he said, "Is com
posed of the bt-st material in the
Democratic party, and it represents the
intelligence of the community. This
representation, I believe, is now and al
ways has been in favor of any compro
mise that may unite the party. Tnat we
are divided is no fault of ours". From the
Deginning we have held out the olive
branch, but, unfortunately, those gentle
men have not seen fit to recognize us.
But now and in the future we shall be for
whatever is for the beat interests of the
Democratic party."
The chairman requested the district dele
gations to suggest to him names for the
committee on School Directors, and said
t; at he would in a day or two appoint the
committee on School Directors.
Nominations for Mayor were called for,
and Dr. James I. Stanton, who had re
fused to let the nomination be thrust
upon him, came to the platform amid the
most enthusiastic cheering of the evening.
"There is not a member of this conven
tion," said the speaker, "who is not in favor
of jrood government, but to make the people
believe it, it is necessary to put on the
ticket men who will keep their pledges and
perform th^ir duty well. You have heard
tne platform read and it becomes our duty
to name men who will support this plat
form. It may be claimed by our enemies
that our purpose is to sell out to
the other side, but it is necessary
to name a man who is not too
close to either side. The man I wiil
name is one who will win the support of
every intelligent Democrat, and if the
other side are sincere in saying that they
want good government thay cannot fail to
accept our nominee. He is the Hon.
Joseph Dimond."
Mr. Dimond's name evoked rather weak
applause. The nomination was seconded
without speechmaking, nominations
closed and the acclamation process was
speedily ended.
"Platform," they cried, but the absent
Dimond did not stride down the aisle.
He will appear before the convention
later.
The.next man on the slate was Fleet F.
Strother and when nominations for Auditor
were called for, Joseph Rothschild, chair
man of the general committee, rose after
a moment's pause and said :
"Gentlemen of the convention, when
this nomination w»s called for a name
flashed through my mind and I made up
my mind then and there that I would
present the name of that man."
Mr. Rothschild recalled the fact that
Mr. Strother was a supervisor many years
ago, that he was twice auditor, and de
clared that hi& entire record was a stain
less one.
Strother's name was cheered and the
nomination was by acclamation.
Reel B. Terry nominated for District At
torney the redoubtable Colonel John
O'liyrne in a brief and ready speech,
which referred to "that sturdy Democrat
and able lawyer." Mr. Terry told that
Mr. O'Byrne "studied law in the office of
Benjamin H. Brewster, who afterward be
came Attorney-General of the United
States, and also that he was once Assist
ant District Attorney of the city of >»ew
York.
The row of the evening followed in
stantly. Michael Kiernan of O'Byrne's
district — the Thirty-lit'th — rose in the rear
of the hall and cried, "Mr. Chairman, is
this going to be a farce or not?"
A hubbub began.
"Is this going to be a farce," Kiernan
went on, "to nominate Colonel O'Byrne?
Who'il vote for him? He sold us out in
our district and he'll sell us out again."
An uproar began and they cried "Put
him out !"
"The gentleman has a right to speak,"
declared the chairman, determined to be
bravely impartial, but a delegate in the
center shouted the point of order that
only nominations were in order «nd the
chairman held it good and told Kiernan
to shut up.
At this moment a fist flew threw the air
back in the parked rear corner wnere
Kiernan was aud two-thirds of the con
James H. O'Brien Recites the
Order of Business.
vention jumped on chairs to see the ro w,
while Chairman Nealon vainly thumped
and shouted for order.
"Billy Bell hit ex-Polireman Kelly, a
aergeant-at-arma," was the story toid
about the platform.
A semblance of order pave a chance to
finish O'Byrne's nomination with an ac
clamation vote, and O'Byrne got to the
platform to make a speech of acceptance,
when there was another and a bigger row
in the same corner. Again the conven
tion stood on chairs and the uproar grew.
Again it was stilled and O'Byrne spoke
his thanks and an elecant promise that
duty would be performed faithiully and
impartially.
James O'Connor named John I.Curtis
and that gentleman was nominated for
City and County Surveyor by the regular
acclamation.
Edward Harrison, in a graceful though
brief speech, paid an eloquent tribute to
M. C. Haley as a public official and as an
honest man. He cited Mr. Haley's record
as County Clem and nominated him for
that office.
The nomination being seconded and
completed B. F. Naphtaly rose and said:
"I move that, in accord with ancient
Democratic usage, every one who nomi
nates a candidate deposit the sum of |10
to pay the sergeants-at-arms."
Cheers, hisses and groans greeted the
motion, which Mr. Naphtaly repeated in
louder tones. Mr. Nealon restored order
by announcing:
"Gentlemen, I have the pleasure to in
orm you that tnat little matter has been
attended to."
Charles Heegerty next announced as
candidate for Recorder Thomas J. Glynn
the incumbent, who was nominated by
acclamation with much cheering.
This ended the evening's programme of
nominations and a resolution pertaining
to the charter and to the public schools
was introduced by James H. O'Brien and
referred to the committee on resolutions.
The resolution was as follows:
We believe in appointments to ;>ublic office
upon competitive examination. By this sys
tem merit and ability secure their just re
ward, and the very highest talent Is thereby
attracted to the public service
We, therefore, accordingly indorse the pro
vision contained in the proposed new charter
(article VII, chapters, section 4). which pro
vides lor the appointment of teachers after a
competitive examination of persons holding
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
teachers' certificates. But we unequivocally
condemn and denounce the qualification con
tained in the same section which limits the
right to take that competitive examination to
those holders of teachers' certificates who have
been educated in the public fcchool system, of
the State of California.
We think it of the highest possible impor
tance that the School Department of the City
and County of San Francisco shall be for all
time at liberty to secure the highest and best
talent available, and to employ for its teach
ers aud instructors the persons best qualified
for the work, whether educated in the public
or private schools in other States or in the
public and private schools in this State, or
self-educated.
We believe thnt there should be but one test
for the selection of a teacher in the public
schools, and that a test requiring the highest
degree of integrity and ability.
We furthermore denounce this exclusion of
a large body of qualified citizens from the
right to become teachers of our public schools
upon equal terms with other equally qualified
citizens as an unconstitutionally Imposed
qualification ior ho ding of office and as a de
nial of equal rights before the law.
The convention adjourned until next
Thursday evening.
THE BUCKLEY PLATFORM.
Text of the Document Adopted by
the Convention Last Night.
The platform of the Buckley Democracy
adopted last night is in full as follows:
We, the representatives of the Democratic
party in municipal convention assembled,
hereby promulgate our party principles and
measures and invite the co-operation and sup
port of the electors of the City and County of
San Francisco.
FREE COINAGE AND RAILROAD FUNDING BILL.
We call attention to the fact that the General
Committee of the Democratic party of the City
and County ot San Francisco, by whose lnw
fully vested power we exist, adopted resolu
tions as early as April lU. 1806, in which it
pledged our party organization to the free and
unlimited coinage of silver and gold at the ex
isting ratio of Hi to 1. without waiting for the
aid and consent of (ireat Britain or any other
foreign nation, and also declared our unalter
able opposition to the railroad funding bill.
With unanimous uccord we now indorse and
reaffirm the declaration for free silver coinage
and assert our una.terable opposition to the
Central Pacific funding bill.
INDOESEMKNT OF NATIONAL AND STATE PLATFORMS.
We affirm the principles of the National
Democratic pany, which placed before the
people the name of William J. Bryan as its
Presidential nominee, and we hereby make all
the provisions of the National and State
platforms a part of our declaration of party
policy.
ATTEMPT TO GOVERN WITHOUT CONSENT OF
GOVERNED.
We maintain that one of the cardinal prin
ciples of true Democracy is the right of every
citizen to a voice, expressed through the in
strumentality of the ballot in the admin
istration of governmental affairs, whether
Federal, State or municipal; and we assert
that every act calculated to deny such right to
the voter or to deprive him of the exercise of
his personal choice in selecting delegates to a
convention charged with the responsible trust
of presenting to the people candidates who
will fittingly reflect party sentiment and faith
fully perform official duty, is s übversive of good
Government.
We.; therefore denounce as a palpable usnrpa
tiou of authority the attempt now being made
by a self-constituted organization, through the
medium of a self-constituted convention, to
destroy the Democratic party in this City and
County and to foist upon the voters a ticket
whose nominees recognize no allegiance to the
Democratic party for they are not of its crea
tion, but who in accepting their nominations
indorse and ratify the fraud through which
their candidacy lias been made Dossible.
CHINESE EXCLUSION.
The record of the Democratic party demon
strates its persistent, unalterable and finally
successful warfare again&l Chinese immigra
tion. The credit for the enactment of the
"Geary Exclusion Bill" is due to the efforts of
the nerson whose name it bears, supplemented
by the efforts of the Democratic party, and we
recognize the earnest and emphatic efforts of
Senator Stephen M. White in perfecting the
existing Chinese exclusion treaty.
The invasion of hordes of Japanese in this
country stands as a menace to our National
and commercial welfare, and we declare our
selves unalterably the foe of everything that
tends to the degradation of American labor,
ami have, therefore, pledged our party to
every effort calculated to avert the threatened
evil.
LABOR.
The Democratic party has demonstrated
that from its inception it has been the con
sistent friend and advocate of the laboring
classes, and we therefore insist that eight
hours of labor shall constitute a day's wort,
and stand pledged to the rigid enforcement of
this provision by suitable penal legislation.
.-'.MPTI.-ARY LAWS.
We reaffirm the time-honored principle of
the Democratic party, which places the De
mocracy where it has always stood, in unalter
able opposition and hostility to all sumptuary
legislation— locsl, State or National.
PLEDGES AND EXPENSES.
A pledge taken by a candidate for office be
fore the nominating convention of his party is
a solemn obligation, to be sacrediy kept, and
forms a portion of the contract between him
self and the people whom he is elected to
serve..
We condemn the action of the present Re
publican County Clerk, who, solemnly predged
to run hie office at a monthly cxi enditure of
SftiOOO, has shamelessly vioiuted his pledge
by exceeding the sum named by man? thou
sands of dollars p»r month ; and in this con
nection we call the voters' attention to the
conduct of the Democratic incumbents in tnat
office., who have always kept their promises by
keeping within their respective pledges.
And we pledge our present nominee for
county Cl?rk, if elected, to so conduct his
office during his term that the monthly ex
penditures incurred therein shall not exceed
the sum of $6000.
FINANCES.
We pledge all our nominees to an economical
expenditure of pubucmouey. We pledge our
nominees for Supervisors to limit the tax levy
for City and County purposes to 90 cents on
each $100, on a total assessed valuation of
$357,586,126, as now fixed by the Assessor,
lor the current year. We exact this dedge be
cause we are reminded that the City and
County government ior the fl-cal year 1888-89
was run under the Democrat pledge of $1 for
each $100, on a total attested valuation of
$250,000,000, exclusive of City Hal fund, in
tercs; iund and sinking iund, yielding $2,917,
-067 lor all purposes ol the City mid County.
We believe what was done for the City and
County in 1888-89, with « slightly increased
allowance for the Police Department and other
purposes, made necessary by recent legisla
tion, can be done in 1897-98, ana that the City
and County tax lor the fiscal year should not
exceed 90 cents on the $100 of the Assessor's
valuation for said City and County as afore
said, and for all purposes. This is in contrast
with the acts of the Republican mnjority and
combination in the present Board of Super
visors in 1895-96, who, with a toial lax of
$2 25 on each $100, of which $1 56 was for
City and County Durposes, on a total value re
turned by the Assessor raised and spent
$5.130,1500f moneys collected from taxes for
City and County purposes alone.
Lnderour pleage as above set forth there
will be saved each year under this plank in
our platform $1,911,876, or a reduction of 37
per cent, to the taxpayer on the City and
County taxes to be r>aid by him when com
pared with his lax bill of 1895-96.
We commend the action of the Hon. Joseph
I. Dimond, present Supervisor of the Fifth
Ward, for his fealty to his trust and fearless
adhereuce to his pledge.
WATER.
We are opposed to the present water rates,
and, believing that they are excessive, we
pledge our nominees lo a specific reduction of
the tame of not less than 10 per cent on ex
isting rates; and we further pledge our Super
rifton to an equitable adjustment of water
rates, to the end that the small consumer shall
pay proportionately the same rate as that
charged the larg« v consumer, and no more;
and believing that the remedy againt>i a
further continuance of the wrongful dis
crimination against the poor, so long made
and endured, can only be found in municipal
ownership and control of its water works, we
pledge our nominees for Supervisors and
Mayor to tnke all necessary steps lookmg to
the accomplishment of this end.
GAS AND ELECTRIC LIGHTS.
We inveigh against the present charges for
lighting the City and County buildings «is un
just and excessive, and pledge our nominees
to a material reduction of the same.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE.
We believe in the old Jefferson ian doctrine
that "Governments derive their just powers
from the consentof the governed," and pledge
our organization to do all in its power to in
fluence the voters of our party to stamp "yes"
at Constitutional Amendment No. 6, thereby
striking "male" from Section I, Article 2 of
the Constitution, tnns securing to the women
of the State their citizens' right to vote on
equal terms with men.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
The public schools have always been an ob
ject of special solicitude nnd care on the part
of the Democratic rar'y and we regard the
public school system as the most useful and
iTtiiitabie of ali our municipal departments.
We balleve that its usefulness may be greatly
increased without adding materially to its ex
pense. We favor such readjustment in the pri
mary clpgses as will lead to the diminution in
point of number of the pupils in each class,
thus proving of salutary benefit, both physi
cally and mentally, to such pupils.
LIBERTY OF CONSCIENCE.
Religious freedom is the corner-stone upon
| which rests every hope of National perpetuity. J
Every effort to abridge this liberty Ir a blow
struck at its existence, and we call upon the
enlightened nnd unbigoted throughout the
land to stamp with the stigma oi their abnor
rence and detestation the treasonable efforts
now being made by an organization unfavor
ably known as tne American Protective Asso
ciation to destroy tne brightest and best fea
ture of the constitution under which we live
liberty of conscience.
STREET DEPARTMENT.
We pledge our nominees for Superintendent
of Streets to remove the cobblestone pave
ments from the accepted streets lo the business
part of the City as rapidly as possible and re
place them with new "modern pavements,
which will increase business and promote the
comfort and convenience of the people.
We condemn the present system which per
mits contract work on accepted streets and
allows contractors of work on accepted streets
to exact from laborers twelve hours' hard work
at tne paltry compensation of $ 1 per day. We
therefore pledge our nominees for Supervisors
and Superintendent of Streets to provide that
all work on accepted streets shall be done by
day's labor, and further provide in all cases of
street work eight hours shall constitute a day's
work.
BICYCLES.
We favor the passage of a bill at the next ses
sion of the Legislature declaring the bicycle to
be baggage and compelling the transportation
companies to transport it on the same terms as
any other baggage. , ,
We believe in the judicious and economical
expenditure of liberal appropriations by State,
county and municipalg"veriiinenis for the im
provement of streets and highways, and we
favor the passage of a bill at the next session
of the Legislature increasing the nowers,
facilities and scope of the State Bureau of
Highways.
PLEDGE OF NOMINEES.
We pledge every candidate nominated by
this convention, upon his personal honor, to
aid in carry Ing into effect every declaration of
municipal duty contained in this platform
and to support the ticket nominated by the
convention in its entiref- .
ART GALLERY AT
THE EXPOSITION
Local Artists as Seen in
Etchings and Paint
ings.
INTEREST OF SOCIETY.
Exposition Parties Now Being
Arranged for the Coming
Week.
ADMISSION DAY FESTIVITIES.
Only California Music Will Be Ren
dered on That Occasion— Other
Features.
The first week of the Mechanics' Insti
tute and Manufacturers' and Producers'
Exposition has been successful even be
yond the anticipation of the management.
The average daily attendance has been
about 4000, a ngure never before reached
during a similar period. Now that the
booths are all in perfect physical and artis
tic condition it ib presumed the attend
ance will show a marked increase during
the days that yet remain of the exposition.
No feature, and it is natural under the
circumstances, has attracted such general
attention as the art gallery. It is pertect
in detail and replete with paintings and
etchings and pen sketches from local mas
ters and those of the old school. In all
there are 505 pieces on exhibition, includ
inn statuary and wood carvings.
Society has taken very kindly to the
generous art display. Throughout the
week the long gallery nas been thronged
with gay people, some genuine art critics,
others devotees to anything fashionable —
and just now the exposition is the thing.
It is understood that during the coming
week, several "exposition parties" will be
made up, the Jari gallery being the par
ticular objective point.
Among the local artists, John A. Stan
ton has some very pretty paintings, no
ticeable among them being the "Fisher
woman"and a ''Scene in Brittany." Joullin
is also well represented, his "Models,
Diversion" and "Study of Lupin" being,
perhaps, the best. The technique, light
and colors are characteristic of the artist.
Among the other artists represented in
the galiery may be mentioned John Gam
ble, L. P. Latimer, H. R. Bloomer, Eva
Withrow. J. Frank Currier, Alice B. Chit
tenden. John Harrington, Alice Chandler,
William Hahn, Charles Nahl and C.
Chapel Judson.
There are some exquisite water colors to
be seen, notably one by Niles, "The In
coming Foe," and a black and white
sketch by Jules Pages. Mrs. Chris Jor
genson has a very pretty wood etching,
"Tne Smokers," while Rupert SclimidN
marble bust of Governor J. G. Downey is
much admired.
Following is the programme for to-mor
row and features oi the opening week:
MONDAY AFTERNOON, SKPTKMI'.KR 7.
March. "Fonunii" Ktromberg
< 'y. rtnre. 'Fidello" Be* thove.i
Valiz, "Over Land and Sea" Gunel
Trombone solo, -Let Me Like a Soldier Fall"..
Wallace
Alfred Konrovierl.
Dramatic review from "11 Trovatore" Verdi
OviTt nre, "Zampa" Herold
•Huming Scene." a descriptive fantasie.Bu< alossi
Mazurka de concert, " ' a ( zarina" Ganne
Excerpts from •■Fleura dcs Lys" Delibes
Galop, "The Phonograph" Fox
MONDAY EVENING, SEPT. 7.
March, "Naval JBaituiioi." Koncovlerl
Overture, -Bronze Horse" Aub»r
Wa'tz. "Thousand and One NiKhts" Strauss
Kuphooium solo. "Kocked in the Cradle of the
Deep" Kollinson
W. H. Coiverd.
Finale second act "Klenzt" Wagner
Overture, '-Morning. .Noon and Night In
Vienna" Suppe
Grand selection, "La Juive" Halliog
•'The Jolly JJlacusmUh" Suckley
nolero, -Legftero I n visible" A rdltt
"Infernal tialopde Concer." Kelar Bela
THE COMING WEEK.
Monday, September 7— Night— Acme and Re
liance clubs of Oitkiaud. *\ agner night, .Wag
ner selections by Hinrichs' Orchestra.
Tuesday, September B— Afternoon— Aassiz
Primary Schoo.. Broadway Grammar School,
Chinese Primary School, Clement Grammar
School. Evening — Chinese night.
Wednesday, September 9. Admission day —
Aiternoon — Baby show, beautimlprizes. Even
ing — Admission day exercises. Oration by
Merton C. Allan of Aicatraz Parlor No. f45,
Native Sons of the Golden West, address by
Mariano Beriola of Martinez, Cal., Native
Daughters of the Golden West, reading of prize
poem for which $25 has been offered. Selec
tions of California muglc by Hinrichs' Orches
tra, i
Thursday, September 10— College day. Nor
mal Schooljchildren of the Italian Free Bchool.
Evening— Italian mgi.t ; president of the even
ing, Paolo Barbieri; vice-presidents, A. Zabal
dano, Z. F. Fugazl. G. Luigi, B. C. Rossi, E.
Venaglia, Z. C. Sala, Or. P. de Vecchi, C. G.
Calegaris, G. Bovo, F. Zelro, H. Postiglione, A.
Paolucci, E. C. Falmieri, G. B. Cevasco, C. E.
Moro, G. Almaglo, C. Zappelli.E. Unti, P. Simi,
G. Paochen, A. Babbino, Dr. V. Vaccani, G.
Costa, I. E. Patrizi, A. Serafini, G. Ertola, B.
Ratio, V. Ravenna. D. Biagi. A. Vensano. J. F.
Martinoni. B. Morou, D. Ghirardelli, Dr. L. D.
Bacipalupi, S. Sangninetti, A. Francovich, A.
Granucci, C. O. Fauda; orator, A. Sbarboro, in
English; Dr. James Peseta in Italian; Italian
selections by the band.
Friday, September 11— Afternoon— Crocker
Grammar School. Girls' High School and Poly
technic High School, Henry Durant Primary
School, Spring Valley Grammar School, Irving
Primary School. Evening— Singing of patri
otic songs by pupils of grammar schools. Den
man Grammar School night.
Saiutday, September I'2—Afternoon—Chil
dren's fancy dances, four beautiful prizes, ages
dt05,5 to 8. Evening— Union Iron Works.
• ♦ o
New tints In Tissue Paper and Silk Shades
. are here. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
THE "PUSH"
AT RAINEY'S FEET
Fears and Joys That Fol
low the Fall of the
McNab Dynasty.
SAM HAILED AS KING.
Phelan's Nomination for Mayor
Goes to the Dogs With
McNab's Slate.
SO SULLIVAN'S CHAIRMANSHIP
The Junta Convention Will Be an
Aw.'ul Mess of Politics With
Rainey in the Middle,
Sam Rainey was regarded yesterday with
more genuine respect and admiration
among Democrats than be has com
manded for something like years. The
boys appreciated his worth and loveliness
as hiehly as they did years ago when the
ruddiness of his spreading cheek had in it
more of youth.
He owns a municipal convention again.
At least he is the principal owner, and for
the first time he is the real managing
partner. So business is rushing, as Junta
politicians tumble over each other to en
list on the winning side.
The complete downfall of Gavin McNab
as the autocratic boss of the Junta and the
revelation of Rainey's actual position in
the organization was trie talk of the local
Democracy yesterday. The fragments of
McNab's slate, which was to be put
through by Chairman Sullivan, were re
garded in a variety of ways by the Junta
factions. A few shed tears of despair, the
Rainey-Lauigan people still danced with
joy, and the independent, middle-of-t lie
road fellows — the '"anarchists," as they
have been humorously dubbed — chuckled
in at the revelation of the end of the
domination of McNab and Sullivan.
The Junta, while ostentatiously repudi
ating Buckley, has all along been well
known to be in the grasp of Rainey, Dag
gett, Lanigau and other smaller political
bosses who quietly schemed for and held
their strength while a handful of "decent"
fellows who backed Gavin McNab in his
ambitions for boss power sat in the front
row and said nice things.
The meeting of the campaign commit
tee the other night showed the McNab ele
ment to be in a hopeless minority witn
two factions against it, the Rainey-Lani
gan faction and the "anarchists," Doth of
which are opposed to iicNab and which
are quite ready to play together.
The anarchists gleefully say that McNab
"won't get a smell" in the convention.
Several interesting results of all this are
foreseen. One is the probability that
James D. Puelan will not get a chance to
gracefully and patriotically accept the
nomination for Mayor. Pbelaa has been
the candidate of McNab, Sullivan, Marye,
WatKius, Hassett and a few of the now in
consequential minority; but Phelan
"don't go" with the "push,"
"Why that fellow would Roosevelt the
town if t. c new charter was adopted,"
said one of the leaders of the "push" yes
terday.
Tne objection to Millionaire Phelan
could not have been more eloquently ex
pressed.
"He's a pretty good art critic, " said this
wise politician. "Dut nobody could do any
business wiih him, and the boys wouldn t
trust him."
Then W. P. Sullivan is not likely to be
chairman of the Rainey convention and
get a chance to push through a McNab
programme. He was on McNab's slate,
but he is not on Rainey's.
Mr. McNab had it all arranged when it
seemed plain sailing that the 2<X) delegates
at large tnat he wa- going to have ap
pointed should be put first on the roll to
help shove the p ogramme through, but
Mr. McNab is not so elated over this plan
now.
Of course if Mr. Phelan does not become
Mayor ur.der the new charter Gavin Mc-
Nab will not name a new police commis
sion, M. C. Hassett will not be appointed
City and County Attorney, Max Popper
will not be appointed an election commis
sioner aad all sons of remote and inter
esting things like that will be removed
from the possibilities ot Junta politics.
Gavin McNab is reported to be particu
larly incensed against Dr. W. J. Gavigan,
who has been an especially active organ
izer of the six independents wno hold the
balance of power in the campaign com
mittee.
K:iiney and Lanigan will have, accord
ing to conservative estimates, at least 1123
votes in the convention oi 600, while others
figure out an actual majority at the pres
ent moment. Giving Rainey 228 votes
leaves him but thirty-six to secure to have
an out-and-out working majority. Tnis
estimate takes no account of the combina
tions with anarchists, whicb. will be very
easily made, as each member of the cam
paign committee will control a bunch of
votes and be looking for all he can get.
The convention an.i the preparations for
it will be a tangled mass of political
scheming, amid which Sam Rainey will
have the easiest convention job of his life
to get all he wants and say what things
shall be.
GREAT SMUGGLING- SCHEME.
Mongolians Brought Over the Canadian
Border by Wholesale.
NIAGARA FALLS, N. V. t Sept. s.— lf
all reports be true one of the biggest Chi
nese smuggling schemes on record has
just come to light.
According to the reports there has been
all summer a systematic smuggling of
Chinamen from St. Catherines, Ont.,
from where the Celestials were rowed
across to the American side at a point be
tween Schlosser dock in this city and
Lasalle.
From there they have been taken under
cover of darkness to a Tonawanda laun
dry, and after being kept for some time
have been liberated, one by one, some of
them potng to Buffalo and 'some to Roch
ester and other cities.
The game das been a very clever one
and only came to the ears of the Chinese
inspectors here by accident.
It is thought arrests will follow in a day
or two. The smuggler is said to be a
white man.
Facial Blemishes Removed.
Ladies desiring wt inkles, freckles, scars,
moles, etc., permanently ODllterated, should
visit Mrs. Rossiter at her parlors, 807 Golden
Gate avenue.
This lady, who has made the most unsightly
face presentable, will remove all facial blem
ishes by the celebrated thermo-electric treat
ment, the only known method by which any
defects of the countenance can be successfully
treated.
Mrs. Rossiter will be pleased to have ladies
call and examine the evidences of her work
Unexceptional references and indorsements. •
>ru--ill Gillum Dead.
CANAJOHARIE, N. V., Sept. s.—Se
wallGillam, manager of the art depart
ment of Judge, died to-day at his home in
Mount Vernon, N. Y. He was the father
of the late Bernard Giilam, the famous
cartoonist of Judge.
SEW TO-BAT-DHT GOODS.
SPECIAL SALE
1000 Choice French
Dress Patterns !
i/lvijjj 1 u/ttulllij;
The Best, Values Ever Offered
in San Francisco.
$10.50 Pattern "
44-INCH FRENCH NOVELTY
BOXJCLE AND CHEVIOT
PLAIDS, colors Heliotrope
and Green, Brown and
Red, Green and Tan and
» ** »*v* a an uiiu
Navyandßrow - $7.00 Dress Pattern
50-INCH NOVELTY FRENCH
CAMEL'S - HAIR BOU-
RETTE, colors Navys, Ol-
ive, Browns, Hunters and
Black.
$7.00 Dress Pattern
44-INCH NOVELTY FRENCH
TWO-TONED BOUCLE, .-.,« ..
colors Black and Red, Black $5.25 DreSSPattem
anaßUc k B a l nd k B a I^ BroWn «-: ssssrs.
IWILLcD CHEVIOT, col-
ors Browns, Greens, Navys
and Black.
Samples of above goods sent free to any
address.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
A complaint nearly all women have at some time in their lives Is lencorrhoea. It Mips the very
life force. If not stopped will lead to all forms of female troubles, such as displacement of the uterus
ulceratlons, tumors, etc.. ultimately ending in consumption and death. It robs a woman of all her
beauty, grace and charm. The xtr/wtwm sufferer has headahce sour
stomach and dyspepsia. The ■'» • . $'W;Y'l& eyes lose their luster, the
patient becomes irritable and _-*«/ V ii^irC*s^. melancholy, feet are cold cir-
culation poor, pains in the /SiV/Ek; «■ $£/>stf?Tl back.
Is a simple Home' Treatment, tT£Vm h ? ent ?°h * ' St! ! Of Pai
nainless and permanent. It is VI jfoffiflS WE£ il n» ° ? lnBe ted in the vagi-
a common -sense absorption BSSSI 5?R?2 «t g n m P rh S?"s Cbl^ ne
remedy locally applied, and ftKt^i gl9& up the stomach and digestive
does not prevent patients from *3mB&ZBR&StiM§?L SI X?™ ,5 a n . Drve , f 9? d la
attending to their household g|H & p^ed^r SeVbdSSi.^ffi
sn»DITA Bhk— sll^^^ and up the spinal column. It
ou. riiA ■~>J*ZF& r - '■■"■, -Sj^s Is sold In treatments comDlete:
Permanently cures all nterine v v^^V^SV- ' One month for $5, three
disorders, and is especially v»s?e'i*i* 3s*. J months for $13.50.
recommended for painful, pro- ' OFF c r. i* •> v. r» j
fuse and suppressed menstru- %^<\\- l| SOSpita Bath Powder.
remedies and physicians have *X Manufactured and sold only
THE SOSPITA OO3VEI=».A.IsrSr
417-499 PARROTT BUILDING, San Francisco.
SEN'I) I'OSTAI, 'OR S.AMPT.K OF BATH POWPK"
MACKAY'S goffljliifc
CBigelow Axmiiisters $1.35 RA7A A D » \
Imperial Velvets l. 00 tlniLMnl\
A Lowell Body Brussels - — 1.10 .— —
Best Tapestry, Brussels- - - .75 Y\r\ \/r^i i
Other Grades from .50 UvJ YUU
RAII Wool Ingrain....... .55
Linoleums from . ....... ,35 DpA
These prices are for the *^.* —^-^^ *-^ • . ■„
P choice of our stock. All new,
fresh goods for our Fall trade, "mmm^m nnm/Pff
All prices to Include sewing — ■—■ — — —■ nllillvQl;
and laying. -UUUIItIH
E We Have AH Kinds of Furniture ___^^_Jiiizi_______
*■ At correspondingly low Cloth BoUD(l SooTl"et r Wilt Vop":".:
T figures. ';'■ „.. . . 150 Titles for boys & girls.. 3sc
Popular and lo ° Titles by p °p» iar au-
* v thors for boys and jrirls ... 600
SltnilH'ir^ 200 Titles, Poetry, Fiction,
nTirrmi Aim HlvriAiir nnn omiiuaiu History and Biography... .450
WATCH OUR WIDOW FOR Anthors. I^t^r. c !f. < !.. i : u !f. s :. b . est 9 o 0
Pw-^. ■Pr s~^ M << *& Freacott's Conquest of ilex-
H B H # B C^ ico 9 00
|< IC, S3—^ popular Prescott's Conquest of Peru 90c
M^ n V H 1 UfULAIL Hrescott's Ferdinand and
*V *W L* **J 1 swum lisMfs^rabiM .'.':. '.'."..'.V.'i i 9 »5
ennici -' Count.Monte Crlsto $1 35
.-MACK AY it SON, ====== 3=s^i^ ==^2
•• w»ii) . Cooper Leather Stockln*
7 15 Market Street. orillirniDn J^™^.^ 9 :A 2 >
' ** . STANDARD Macanlays .England, 5 vol.
R3l!| OR, BALL'S kill? ' SSlErEviia'S 58
UnH al^o^es^l^ 2K" U &JKS SETS aa-w ' v'ji » IS gg
}^ ■ Manhood, Knlarges Small Organs, ? C °" •• — •.. 12 vol. $4 35
H PS cures Emissions, Impotencv, Varico- n£.L°° 13 vol. $4 50
BM Wf! eele ' Uonorrhaja, Gleet. Fits, Stric- Ulckt ' IS vol. $* 60
lyj •!*i- tures - Blood Disease and. all wasting ■ -
Spa Jml effects of -elf Abuse or Excesses. cnr/ii II Oil oin 11. L » n • a & ..
■Ui Sent sealed, $2 per bottle. THREE MhUALSALK PubllSllPr S I Nl'r \' } \i\
BOTTLES, $5: guaranteed to cure any case. „,„. .. „ „ * UUIIOU CI 311 ICC 'P-.'JU
DR. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 11 lite HOUSe A 11 • /\ a.
855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. "'„„ C " ""'" Am* Pl»l/»A 00 A
All private diseases qulcltly cured. Send for "COOK I>OOK ! "Ul I 1 113" tfOC«
free Dook< , " ■ „ . * .
■ RUPTURE, i >t^ ~7~
fes*J If ruptured, you naturally bop« to obtain relief ■ */ tW'fVS'- At f-m j(
M from ilLin: necurUj from Strangulated Hernia and a M W /M / M Sk
iSaf r*rm»D<'ntc«r«if possible. Please inTe»iig»te "Dr. #8 rfiH M* &&S M/ HS& MS ,
■■ Pierce 8 Pat. Magnetic Elastic Trust, and tou will fl w«i^ •»■ mrvtfr I
Hit mrrrised at what jou will learn. ThisTru..- tf^~7~^V i #H«TTTiT«
fIF po«iti»elj dots (A« trtyrk and Is worth $1,000 to any MS " /. 3 J MS -
■f ruptured man or woman. If tou want the BEST, m\ ££^r~^m^T\ J> .Jrh SI /w A
Ml call or «end Sets, in stamps for frtt Pamphlet No. 1. Mm «C"^^r m) M m VW a MJr/M*—*^
m Iteontains full information, fj^" The acieatlfle ad- BH ' V# # &%/
If juntraeot of truism atouro(ncoa«neci»ltT. Addreu CsSi il I 111 ll ibh — ft
m magnetic elastic TRUSS CO.. N0.704.nw JK^ 9mmM^mmTSW^K^r9S'wtSSt^^K
I cor. Sacramento & KCKBT s>i».| Sap Francisco, Cai. J| |HYPNOTISM IN A VERY PAINFUL DENTAL OPERATION
Bvj a J4ere WaVe of tke jiarxd Ir\ter\se
Suffering Was pVeVerxted
In the rooms of the Stomatological Club, |
at Post and Stockton streets, on Tuesday
afternoon last, a clinic was held in the
presence of nearly all the members, in i
which hypnotism was introduced as a sub
stitute for anesthesia.
It was an experiment and the experi
ment was successful in the highest degree,
insomuch that it is safe to say that it
fixes the date of a subsidence of old and
the beginning of entirely new methods in
the operating-rooms of San Francisco
dentists.
Hypnotism is not a new thing in dentis
try any more than it is in therapeutics. It
has just landed in San Francisco, how
ever — preceded, to be sure, by tales of
great successes in Paris, Berlin, London
and New York. That San Francisco
dentists are fully alive to the progress that
has been making in their science and
eager to keep the best pace that is being
made in the world was made evident by
the number in attendance and the inter
est manifested in the clinic
The demonstration was arranged by Dr.
M. W. Levkowicz. His subject was a boy
of 17, Alfred Boulton, a native of Victoria,
B. C, but who has returned but a few
weeks from a residence of some years in
Honolulu. He was an admirable subject
for a test of the possibilities of applied
hypnotism, in that he was a bright-eyed,
intelligent lad of nervous temperament,
and in that he had a couple of very sore
teeth.
J. B. Earley, a teacher of hypnotism,
was present to make the magic passes and
show the congregated doctors how easily
it might be done. The clinic began
shortly after 4 o'clock, the subject or pa
tient being placed in the red-plush chair,
so full of terrors to the tooth-aching con
tingent, and all of which tenors were to
be driven away by the wave of a hand.
But tne thing was an experiment, and
the terrors have been long intrenched in
tnat red-plush chair. Tney laughed at
this mild attempt to dislodge them— at
first they did.
The chair was placed in a wide bay-win
dow that extends out from an upper floor
immediately at the corner— the southeast
corner of Post and Stockton streets. There
was plenty of light and platform steps sur
rounded the chair, and on these the mem
bers of tie society were gathered, full of
interest. The boy took his place and Pro
fe^-sor Earley told him to close his ejea.
He did so. ''You cannot open them,"
said the professor, and he could not.
"Open them," said the professor, and be
did "Piace your hand! together— there;
you cannot take them apart," and he
could not.
"Now when I count ten you will be
sound asleep and your sense ol feeling
will have entirely left you, bo that you
wili feel no »aia."
The professor counted ten slowly and
deliberately. The boy waited a moment
and then opened bis eyes, quite es wide
awake as before. The professor smiled re
assuringly and placing his hands upon
the boy's head, with his thumbs at the
bridge of the nose, repeated his statement
in quiet confidence. Still the boy looked
up with wide-awake eyes. The terror of
the red cliair was upon him.
Two or three times the charm was tried
again, but it would not work. The doctors
watched and waited patiently enough, but
their comments and discussions, however
quiet, were distracting. The professor
saw his influence slipping away. He took
the boy out of the red chair and led him
to a rocter in the corner, as unlike the red
cbair as possible.
Still the boy's eyes H
would open. It be-
gan to look like a ,fl
I hopeless case. The J
I doctors broke up in jl
j knots and talked of ■
I other things.
Finally it was SU2- I
gested that the pro- I
fessor lake the sub- I
' ject into a room I
I apart and to them- I
selves. He did so and I
the doctors waited — I
waited quite a little I
j while. Then the sep- I
arating door opened I
and the doctor en- I
tered, leading the I
boy, his eyes fast H
shut, impossible for I
him to open them, I
but still not asleep. I
He was led to the I
chair, and the profes- I
sor told the doctors I
| to go ahead.
"This boy is not I
asleep," said the pro- I
fessor. 'He is in a I
semi-conscious state, I
but he has nofeelin.-. I
You can work witli I
him with perfect free- I
dom." He spoke to I
the boy. "Now. my I
boy, you will feel no I
pain whatever. Do I
not think of the den- I
tist; think of me; no I
harm will come to I
I you; you need have I
Ino fear; lie there I
quietly and dream I
pleasant dreams."
Dr. Levkowicz be- I
gan to work with no I
more ado. The boy I
responded to his in- I
structions, opening I
his mouth wide and I
holding it as desired. I
He had what the den- I
tists call a "fungoid I
growm 01 me pulp ' ■
of a back molar. rffi^^s^^^^^^he
"nerve," as it is popularly called, was ex
posed and had filled up the large cavity of
a decayed tooth.
As explained afterward by the doctor
"This is a most sensitive and painful con
dition. To touch such a tooth under or
dinary conditions will cause great pain,
and dentists do not attempt to work with
such a tooth until after two or three days,
and then with iodine and arsenic The
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
THE LAST BOAT
pulp bleeds prof us°ly upon tne slightest
touch. Now, I wished to demonstrate
that with the patient under the influence
of hypnotism this painful and distressing
growth could be removed quickly and
without pain."
The doctor began digging into the sensi
tive tooth with his cold steel instruments
with speedy and certain touch. In fifteen
minutes the growth had been wholly re-
Scene at the Clinic in the Rooms of the. Stomatological Club When the Hypnotic Experiment Was Made
| moved and the cavity made clean for a
! fiiling. And during those fifteen minuted
the boy lay in the chair apparently as
comfortable as though he were enjoying
a siesta in a hammock. The professor
| had said at the beginning that there
j would be a minimum of blood flow from
i the operation. The doctor took up what
! little there was in the customary way with
I small pellets of absorbent cotton in the
I tooth. One of the doctors remarked that
there seemed to be a good deal of saliva
in the mouth. "I will stop it," said the
professor, and he did so by merely speak
in^ the word.
When it was finished and the doctors
had examined and approved and mar
veled at the demonstration, the boy said,
"I would like to open my eyes."
"Oh, certainly," said the professor, "you
may open your eyes, but you will still re
main without pain — without being sus
ceptible to pain."
The boy opened his eyes— as clear and
as intelligent as when he had closed them.
Then Doctor Frank 8. Pague stepped up
with a pair of forceps and from the other
side of the afflicted mouth he pulled a
tooth. It was well planted and resisted
at first and broke off. The doctor took
another hold, pushed the forceps down
hard upon the fragment remaining,
| twisted it in tbe fetching way that dentists
| have, until it yielded and came out. It
was then discovered to have an ulcerated
root.
"That should hurt you, boy."
"Should it?" he answered.
"Didn't you feel it?"
"Oh, yes; I felt you were pulling my
' tooth, but it did not hurt."
"Such a tooth ordinarily is very painful
in being drawn," explained the doctor.
J\ Remarkable Derr\or\stratior\ of tke
JMystericxis Sciervce
"For fifteen minutes, and sometimes an
hour, alter pulling an ulcerated tooth the
patient usually suffers greatly. It is cer
tainly a convincing demonstration of the
great beneficence of hypnotism in den
tistry that this patient did not. Further
more, I felt his pulse when he took a seat
in the chair under the hypnotic influence
and it was beating wildly. During the
progress of this ordinarily painful opera-
tion it quieted down until it became en
tirely normaL"
But this was not the end of the demon
stration. The operation for the day being
finished, the boy said, "1 would like
to be released now; I want my sense of
feeling."
"Certainly," said the professor, "I will
give you that again." But to show the
doctors that the subject's entire body was
without feeling he ran a needle through
the flesh of the arm and drew it away
without any blood following.
"Now," he said, "you have your sense
of feeling all except in your teeth ttat
have been operated upon. Tney will re
main painless until the operation is over
and they have healed up. You are to go
up to Dr. Levkowicz' office to-morrow
morning at 10 o'clock and this tooth will
be filled. It will give you no pain what-
ever — remember
I that. Now you have
sense of feeling
Hagain except as 1
Hhave said."
The clinic being at
Han end a general dis-
Heussion of the mys-
Htery of hypnotism
Hran on for some time.
I"I will show you,"
Hsaid Professor Earley,
H"the difference in the
Hamenability of the
I patient to the influ-
Hence, now that the
Hfear of the dental op-
Herat ion is removed.
HaII the surroundings
I were beiore alarming
H and distracting.
H>'ow, my boy," said
I the professor, ad-
H dressing young 80l-
Hton, "take that chair
I over there in the cor-
I ncr as far from me
las you can get. Sit
Hdown. That's right.
Bw'hen I count ten
Hyou will be sound
I asleep." The profes-
I sor coanted ten and
I the boy was <ound
I asleep. He was put
Ito convincing tests
I that it was so.
B "Now," said the
Hproiessor, "when you
Ha wake and have
Hialked with these gen-
Htienien in your nor-
Hmal condition you
Hwill fall asleep again
Himmediately upon
Hseein? me draw my
H watch from my pock-
Het. "Then the pro-
Hfessor snapped his
H ringers and told him
Htowakeup. He came
Hto instantly, lie was
H questioned as to how
Ihe lelt and the con-
Hversation became
Hg ener al. Professor
Earley casually drew his watch while
the boy was looking his way, and
the latter instantly dropped over asleep.
The doctors present, as stated, made them
selves certain that the demonstration was
in all particulars just what it seemed.
On Wednesday rooming young Boulton
went to the office of Dr. Levkowicz
and bad that sensitive tooth filled without
feeling any pain, the "post hypnotic sug
gestion," as they call it, holding good.
All the dentists present at the clinic and
aware of the circumstances are agreed
that the results are nothing less than
wonderful and that they mean a revolu
tion in the science of dentistry.
"It means that by a wave of the hand a
patient having a painful operation to go
through may be set at ease. It means
much for both the dentist and the suffer
ing public," said one of them.
The Stomatological Club is a rather ex
clusive organization and its members were
at first blush greatly opposed to having the
fact made public that it had lent itself to
a countenancing of hypnotism. Dr.
Levkowicz explained this feeling:
"We know, as scientific men, the trend
of the times and the necessity of keeping
pace with them if we are to keep in the
race at all. Dr. Bernheim's work in the
hospitals of France is familiar to all well
informed practitionera — his success, the
wonderful results he has attained. We
know also the charlatanism that obtains in
this mystic art, and we know that the pub
lic at large, generally less well informed in
scientific matters than the practitioner, is
inclined to be wary of men whopraciice it.
While we feel it our duty to investigate it
we do not wish the impression to go
abroad that the members of the Stomato
logical Club are rushing into hypnotism
as a fad. We approach the subject with
the conservative care of a scientific propo
sition. We feel that it would be a great
beneficence to a patient if the pain of the
dentist's chair might be done away with
by a word. But, while we have had a
number of experiments of the kind at the
clubrooms, I am free to say that this of
Professor Earley is the only one that has
proved entirely convincing as to the util
ity of hypnotism in the science of den
tistry. All persons may not be hypno
tized, however. Dr. Bumheim himself, I
believe, brings under the influence only
about 80 per cent of those he attempts.
And, at all events, the consent of the
patient must be obtained. As I say, with
the Stomatological Club it is a scientific
experiment."
Following were the members of the club
who were present at the clinic; Clinician,
M. W. Levkowicz; William J. Younger,
president of the club; Russell H. Cool,
vice-president; S. E. Knowles, secretary;
Thomas Morffew, treasurer; Luther A.
Teague, A. J. Merriman Jr., J. A. W.
Lundborg, Walter F. Lewis, Clyde S.
Payne, W. Z. King, H. R. Morton Sr., F.
M. Hackett, J. S. Knowlton. F. L. Platt,
S. L. Btrickland, M. A. Greenlaw, J. J.
Giusti, E. A. Younger, George W. Cool, J.
E. Cummings, A. H. Millberry. Cecil
Corwin, Arthur H. Wallace, Frank C.
Pague, J. L. Asay, Max Sichel, Alfred
Cane, H. D. Boyes, F. K. Ledyard.
As for Professor J. B. Parley, who
worked the strange influence, he is a new
comer to the City. He is a man of slight
figure and quiet manner, wearing the ap
pearance of the student. His voice is low
and kindly rather than stern and com
manding. His eyes and the expression of
his face are calm and reassuring. He said :
"I cannot attempt to explain the mystery of
hypnotism any more than Edison will try
to tell you what electricity is," he said.
1718
TWO VIEWS OF BARON VON SCHROEDER'S BEAR STORY
Baron yon Schroeder's deeds of bravery and daring on land
and sea have been pretty well exploited lately, but there is
one incident in his life since he anchored in California which
has not been accorded that worthy place in tne records of
thrilling events that it certainly deserves.
The Baron, let it be said right here, killed tbe last grizzly
b?ar known to have been slain in San Luis Obispo County, and
some old-timers there assert that the Baron's act in dispatch
ing that mighty, savage beast rid the Santa Lucia Moun
tains forever of its mammoth ancient denizens of the type in
question.
The story, as related by A. Benton, superintendent of the
famous Eairle ranch of San Luis Obispo County, can be relied
upon, as Benton's name is a very synonym for veracity in
his community, and it is characteristic of him to insist upon
furnishing proof whenever a word of his narrative is thought
to be clouded with a shadow of doubt.
"The Baron had his eye primed for a picturesque moun
taiu summer resort for his family, when he chanced to run
across the Eagle ranch, and that struck his fancy," said
Benton. "It was very hilly, had some rather extensive for
ests, and there was enchanting scenery around it. But the
excellent hunting was a particularly strong card with the Baron.
"'How about the shooting here?' he inquired.
" 'Number one,' I replied. 'All the way from partridges to
the very biggest wild fowl, and from squirrels to griziliea."
" 'Grizzlies !' cried the Baron, astonished.
" 'Grizzlies, 1 I repeated, with a nod of assurance.
" 'It is part of my ambition as a sportsman . to become the
slayer of a gennine grizzly,' confessed the nobleman.
"Then I informed him that grizzly tracks had been dis
covered in the neighboring hills only a short while back, and
that doubtless the monster bruin was even, as we spoke, lying
low in an adjacent forest, preparing for a midnight raid.
"Whether the bear business acted as a clincher to the bar
gain or not, cuts no figure in the story, anyhow.
"Nevertheless the Baron bought the ranch immediately,
and on leaving for his San Francisco home gave strict orders
to his foreman to keep a sharp outlook for grizzly tracks. If
any iresh ones were found the foreman was to drive posthaste
to the nearest telegraph station and wire the Baron, who would
then lose no time in speeding to his San Luis Obispo County
ranch.
" 'Don't permit anybody to disturb the bear till you see
me,' was the Baron's injunction.
"A few weeks afterward the ranch was suddenly alarmed
by the report that a huge grizzly was in the hills hard by. In
spired by that word a telegram winged its way to San Francisco,
and the Baron sped southward without delay. A Mexican
guide, duly smied with a rifle, was provided, and the
Baron followed mm from the ranch-house to the tree-clad
heights.
" 'Tracks, 7 presently said the Mexican, pointing to some
broad impressions on the ground. Then a crackling of the dry
underbrush was heard in the distance, and the guide hurri
edly added, 'De bear he comes!'
LAST CHAPTER OF THAT WEIRD AND DEBATABLE TALE OF DEATH VALLEY
CHAPTER ll— Concluded fbosi last week.
The sword of Aymoyo was upheld and ready to fall, but the diversion
caused by the startling thunder peal suspended it in air, and for a brief in
terval it was held. Glance a moment, in imagination, at that strange
scene.
It was night. The temple, roofless and open to the sky, was partly illu
minated with the glow of lanterns. Strange sources of light were these,
for the lanterns were human skulls — all that visibly remained of great
priests and chiefs. Into these uncanny receptacles oil had been poured
on this great occasion. The lanterns were held to the stone columns by
thongs, and as the leathern strings were burned through the skulls
crashed upon the pavement. Surrounded by fiercely blazing oil tbe last
fragments of bone crumbled and disappeared amid the hungry flames.
In a weird and vrophetic chorus, filled with woe and tinged with pride,
the deep and melodious voices of the priests solemnly enumerated the
skulls and called aloud the names and recounted the deeds of their great
priests and chiefs whose sacred relics were finally incinerated.
The priests were fascinated as the full moon rose above the mountains
and scaled the blue dome of the sky which hung over a perfect tropic
night in which all the stars were large and vitreous. So fascinated were
they that they gazed in ecstacy, half forgetting the sacrificial work of
vengeance for wnich they had gathered. The thin blue light of the moon
punted along the curved scimetar, which was as sharp as a scalpel. Huge
moving shadows of the stone columns of the roofless temple were traced
on the basaltic floor. Alight breeze whispered amid the foliage of the
trees and brought the odors of a flower-enameled landscape to their sus
ceptible and keenly active senses.
IN THE QUAINT OLD LAND OF DUNES AND DITCHES
Mynheer Van der Linden is an aristocrat. He has made many trips to
Rotterdam and to Dordrecht. Once, forty-five years ago next Michaelmas,
he made a journey to Antwerp. He exhibits with great pride an oaken
chest with V. d. L. in brass nails on the carved lid. He tells us, with a
momentary flush on his hard, brown face, that is like a wood carving, that
sometimes people offer to buy his cbest, of which he is so proud. His
house is quite large, as houses go in Rijsoord, with a gabled roof, not of
green tiiatch to delight an artist's eyes, but of red and black tiles and with
white lines painted around the small, shining windows.
Mynheer is very hospitable. He drop 3 bis wooden shoes outside the
door and enters in his btocking feet, out of respect to the immaculate
scrubbed flags, on which there is a foot or two of home-made carpet. He
waves the visitor into his front room with suppressed pride. And well
may he be proud.' He has two melodeons, a picture representing Daniel
in the lions' den, a tall, polished bureau with elaborate brass knobs and
corners and the oaten chest with his name on the lid.
Rijsoord, an hour's distance from Rotterdam, is a characteristic
Dutch village, all tbe houses in long rows on either bank of the river;
the river is the Waal and is a silent, swift stream, running noiselessly
under the low brideres, hardly stirring the bulrushes, hardly lifting the
brown weeds or the flat water-lily leaves, or that curious little green scum
that someti mes covers half its dark surface. Processions ol trees, tall and
straight-stemmed, willows and poplars and elms and shivering aspens,
march across the fields and along the roads in solemn avenues, and
everywhere the country is cut and crossed by the tiny canals— the sloots
that shine line pale ribbons of satin. The silence during the day id
profound, aimost mournful. In the fields, where the flax lies drying in
the rare sunlight, the women bend over their work all day lone. Their
white caps and faded blue aprons are picturesque in the extreme, and
determined art students are always stealthily catching an effect or aD
impression as though they were rare animals. The peasants seem to
regard the painters with a stolid, rather tolerant amusement, as harmless
lunatics, who pay them for idleness.
They pose with the animation and freedom of movement of cigar-store
Indians. Pioinky (si>elled Ploontje), whose real name is Apollonia, is a
great favorite. Pioinky is the mother of five children— four meisje (girls)
and one jonge (boy). She leans over her washtub in the morning, her big
arms bare, her straight fair hair pressed under her black cap. 6he has a
long day's woric before her. A shadow crosses the doorway; it is Miss
White from the hotel. Pioinky looks about in despair, but there is no es
cape.
Miss White has a serious countenance that has been flattened out by
lone contact with the world. She wears spectacles, an old hat cocked over
one eye; her hair, tha.t is tinged with gray, straggles over her forehead;
she wears an overcoat like a man's and wipes her brushes on her skirl.
She hopes to exhibit in the salon at some not too distant date.
"Pioinky" will receive 15 Dutch cents an hour for posing— that is
a little more than 5 American centß. She has five children. She cannot
afford to refuse. She wipes her arms, scolds the children, places little
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
Tall and erect s»ood Oonemalche, proudly conscious that she was
superior to the fear of death— even such a death. Over her regal form, an
she stepped forth from her chamber of stone, was cast a robe of purest
white. Her arms and neck were bare, gleaming like polished marble in
the perfect moonlight. Her large eyes, dark and lustrous, glowed with
steady radiance like those perfect stars which shine eternally, self-luminous
in the heavenly midnight hosts. Her ripe lips, full and exquisitely
carved, did not tremble. In her delicate and slender ears glittered golden
ornaments, emblematic of the worship of the Sun God. No tears wet her
silken iashe<>. Her hair, rich and black as deepest midnight, flowed over
her shoulders.
"Aye," said one of the priests in his own language, "let her speak and
r»id adieu to her god."
This much they granted her. Aymoyo alone could know the true mean
ing of her speech. Her hands were fastened behind her with a golden
chain. She could not embrace Aymoyo. She could only speak. As she
gave voice to her inmost sacred thoughts in tones that were mellow ana
indescriDably sad. she retained her regal pose. Her race would go out
nobly with her. she thought, and perhaps her sacrifice and courage and
love might so appease the Sun God that Aymoyo might come to her arms
beyond the grave. Her voice was like music.
"The heroes of our race call to me," she said, "and I bid you farewell,
oh, my love, my Aymoyo. You must follow me, beloved. I see now the
Sun God ai he ri'.es beside the river of endless life in his chariot drawn by
the four winds of the skies.
"The Sun God beckons to three seats by the side of the blissful river,
which are saved for us. Do not falter, oh, my beloved, nor seek to go
Sygje, who is pronounced Psyche, at the washlub, and trudges after Miss
White to a distant xield, where she is told to lean ajiainst a tree and turn
her head back over her shoulder till her neck is aimost dislocated. Her
wooden shoes are very much in the foreground. She poses as though she
had a steel ramrod in place of a spine. Her pale eyes fix themselves on a
point in the landscape; her worn and wintry face that showi tbe *kuil
underneath with pathetic distinctness is absolutely expressionless.
Pioinky looks to be 40 years of age, but, in truth, si c has seen the joys
and sorrows of but twenty-five summers.
At noon her jonge comes with a hunk of bread. She may rest fora
few moments to eat it. She throw 3 herself full length upon the gray,
green grass, and plays with her youngest as n cat pitiys with a kitten
mauling him, teasing him, roiling him over and ur.der, pressing her face
into his little neck, their laughter inaudible and controlled. They are
almost beautiful, this hideous little Dutchman end the young mother
with the old face. Her movements are quick and natural; her young,
strong figure has lost its rigidity. There is a wild acandan, an uncouth
grace about both of them, if such an apparent paradox is permissible.
Miss White, however, with her lower lip turned forward and her eyes
half closed, is struggling with the values of a plowed field and a black and
white cow she wishes to introduce into her picture. She has no time for
side shows.
Rijsoord has almost as many art students as aborigines. They swarm
in tbe streets, in the fields, on the canals, on the river. The jargon of the
studio is heard more than Dutch. They hunt "motives" near and far
paint "impressions, 6tudies and evening effects," and are always discov
ering an "awfully good interior." It might be interesting to gather a
little collection of "impressions" of the unfortunate inhabitants of these
interiors when a disheveled art student bursts in upon them and paints
them at their homely employments, paring potatoes or apples with an
"effect" of top light or side light, or no light at all, having emotions at
the aide of an empty bed in which an imaginary co r pse is represented by
a pillow placed under the counterpane.
Perhaps tbe pictures ars sufficient apology for the complete oblivious
ness of the average art student— setting up her easel on the family hearth
and leaving twenty cents and some paint pots as recollections of her
descent. There are exceptions, aatnraliy. Sometimes the art student
feminine is considerate as well as talented, and her reception in the vll
hence until the Sun God wills it, for I see that he must be appeased or in
that future, to which I go, we shall be separated by a measureless abyss,
and there reaching out unavailing and ineffectual hands which can never
meet and uttering words of love and longing which neither shall bear, we
shall grieve to be pale phantoms in eternal woe."
A song bird was awakened in a near-by tree and began lo Bute softly.
Then for the first time tears welled irom the eyelids of the beautiful
Oonemalche and for an instant her tall form swayed as a poplar which
bends before tbe incoming gale which blowing all its leaves aslant seems
to suddenly garb it In white.
"A linnet, Aymoyo! Do you hear it? It is the linnet of our home and
it sings the same dear lone song. Has it wandered like us? Ah, Aymoyo,
why did you wander? No, I cannot blame yon — but life might have been
so sweet! In the brief moments of life that remain it seems as if, witn
the familiar song of this little bird, home— our childhooi's home,
Aymoyo— has come to us who shall no more see its silvery lanes and riv
ers, its snowy Cordillera and its world-wide meads of green — nor shall see
each other again !
"And must death come from your bands, beloved? Strike quickly —
but, ab ! not yet. 1 must see you once more, for it is bard to part. But
be thou as brave as lam and weep not. See, no tree that dares the gale
is more erect than I. If you strike not or refuse, death will be yours, and
it will be I who would have Drought upon you that bitternass. Death
surely awaits me speedily at some hand, tor the Jsun God hath willed it to."
The moouiiirht glittered on tLe deadly blade of the scimetar and on the
farewell tear that rolled down her marble-like cheek and neefc. Once
more the linnet sang.
lage after the absence of a half-year in Paris is a march of triumph. The
women rush out to erect her. the men nod, the children follow her, shout
inn "Goo'-by, goo"-by," which is the one word of the English language
common to ail of them, and to be used in greeting, as a term of vitupera
tion and scorn, or as a farewell.
Just now the o»lor of flax is everywhere; it has been sunk in the river
to rot; in some places it still lies there. In the fields it is spread out to
dry, little warm brown Dills of it. The barns are being filled, and the air
reeks with the ache of it — the dull, unholy, heavy smell, like the essence
de dumpcart wafted over the seawall in San Francisco on a summer night.
The evenings are quiet. The women come up from the distant farms,
swinging a!on_' in the half-darkne.-s, singing a weird sea song full of sad
ness; the tramp of i heir wooden sboes, tbe sound of their strong, young
voices, shrill but not unpleasant, can be heard long after their white caps
and blue aprons have disappeared behind the trees. The children congre
gate on the roadside, dancing in circles, shouting and calling, or filling
their wooden shoes with water and sending them to sea on the little sloota
under the willows. Lights spring up here and there; the women knit at
the doorways, the men smoke; the irogs croak in the bulrushes; other
wise there is no sound but the wind rushing through the treetops.
Sunday in Holland is a day to be most scrupulously observed; there
is a leeend that one adventurous art student, overcome by the beauty of
the day, made an attempt to sketch and was promptly stoned by a stern
and indignant gathering. The women perch little bonnets with feathers
and flowers on the top of their starched, elaborate caps, and the effect is
comical in the extreme. They remove these sinful frivolities during the
sermon, concealing them under their aprons. The service lasts four hours;
tbe doors are locked at the beginning that no unworthy wretch mar
"There was no mistake about it. For some thirty yards
before the hunters a trail lay straight and open, and into' this
trail, at the further end of the thirty-yard stretch, the grizzly
tore his way. He saw the enemy and, as if he Hungered for a
meul of juicy human flesh, made for the couple without delay.
"The moment was full of excitement. The guide had not to
be told that grizzlies were tough beasts to deal with. He under
stood that even with two rifles emptying bullets into his thick
bide the bear was liable to do mortal damage unless much
prudence was exercised.
"'Climb tree!' shouted the Mexican. 'Climb— then shoot 1
And suiting the action to his first exclamation, the guide
scaled a tree in short order.
"Not so the Baron. He eyed that traveling fellow with
scorn, and continued to stand bis ground in the middle of
the trail, like one of those fearless, confident Greeks of old that
Homer sings about.
" 'You stay up there, you coward, till I finish this bear.'
commanded the Baron, 'and don't dare to fire a shot from the
tree or I'll bring you down as I would a chipmunk.'
"Meantime the ponderous animal moved along the trail. He
came within a dozen yards of the Baron, who stood cool and
calm, his eye on the sight of his trusty gun, waiting for a chance
to send a leaden messenger to a fatal spot in the big beast's
bulk. The Mexican implored the Baron to climb out of death's
road; but in vain. The monster was almost upon the Baron
when the report of hia rifle rang through the forest. A thunder
ous mixture of groan and howl went up and the grizzly tumbled
over in the trail, dead as a stone.
"A few months after this occurred, the Mexican, while in
his cups, atempted to throw discredit on the Baron's record for
nerve and heroism.
•' >De Baron he's fine man,' the intoxicated fellow said,
•but he's no much good for shoot bear. He's very quick for
climb tree, you bet. De grizzle-bear I myself kill. Baron he's
scared like devil. By'mby he say not say I am scared—
caramba! Ino care! He's pay me good money for not talk!
Everybody come vp — take drink— l pay for all.'
"It is strange how the vacant boasts and idle talk of even
such utterly unreliable persons as this wretch of a Mexican will
grow and expand with the assistance of people who can find in
their souls no appreciation for stout-hearted deeds. Just about
a month after the bronze-faced descendant of the Aztecs turned
his tongue loose in the saloon a rancher repeated nearly the
same story to a country picnic gathering and, amid great hilar
ity, asserted that he had arrived on the sceno a moment after
the Mexican's gun rang the grizzly's death-knell, and that he
had been alarmed and attracted thither by the Baron's cries for
help— cries that seemea to rise from lips that had touched the
cup of despair. That rancher unblushingly declared that he
had found the Baron as limp as a dishra?, wound around the
branch of the tree, and that he had aided the Mexican to bring to
solid ground the fainting nobleman, whose brow dripped a cold
perspiration. The rancher, too, had promised to say nothing;
but the Mexican's breach of faith had opened the door for him,
bo he brazenly exclaimed."
High above the crest of the volcano leaped up a column of flame
which brought into view the horrid tarns and chasmal depths of the vol
cano's awful congeners. A vivid and world- wide flash of light ran athwart
the mountains. With a sudd3n jar and inconceivable crash, toppling
from their lofty and sky-seeking pinnacles of stone, elemental rocks
rushed down all the mountain sides as If they would destroy the foun
dation of the world in one swift charge.
The impatient priests pointed to the sky which the angered volcano
had made all like blood, reddening even the rcoon with reflections from
suddenly arisen clouds.
Around Oonemalche the priests pressed eagerly, holding silver vessels
in which to catch her blood, that it might be thrown to the insatiable
fountain which splashed impatiently.
"Strike!"
The order was obeyed. The sparkling sciemetar fell — but not upon
the shapely neck of Oonemalche. The head of the High Priest fell upon
the floor and rolled into the rock chamber among the scattered jewels of
the deity. The other priests, chanting a death song, rained blows with
sharp swords upon Aymoyo, who fell at the feet of Oonemalche, his blood
dyeiug her snowy raiment. She bent over and Kissed him and moved
away.
"The Sun God will not be appeased so," she said, "and I must go into
the wilderness."
Sacrifice had been made and the priests permitted her to pass. Her
hands were held fast by the golden chain behind. A wolf howled as she
again turned hopelessly into the wilderness and her race was lost forever.
escape; the music is contributed by the entire congregation, and is de
livered with great severity in the loudest possible voice. The result may
be better imagined than described.
And yet Rijsoord, by contrast with other villages, is sophisticated; the
art students have introduced extravagant tastes, a faint comprehension of
English words and a dim suggestion that there is a world outside of the
circle to which even the little dogcarts may not penetiate.
There is Heerjausdam, a little village twenty minutes removed. You
may go down by the river in a big square rowboat, shaped lite a mud
scow; the old boatman believes iv the dignity of restrained movements;
nothing can hurry him, nothing can in any way break in upon his calm.
The little low houses lift their thatched roofs, beautiful with age, over the
green gardens that slope down to the water. Tbe women kneel on the
edge of the stream and dip their linen, and rinse and clean their jars and
pots of brown and green earthenware. The great round fishnets that are
to induce the unwary little fish into their brown depths rise and bob and
turn in the quiet water. Heerjausdam is primeval in its simplicity:
here we see no trace of a tourist. Curious faces peer from the tiny pol
ished windows down the one stone street that curves boldly around a pre«
cipitous hill: the children come after us in crowds, their wooden shoes
plunkingin unison.
The men stop work in the fields and stare; the women bending over
the flax in the warm darkness of the barns stand upright, their biawny
arms hanging at their sides, their tanned blonde faces peering out at us
from under their white caps.
The village peddler divides with ne the general interest. His face U
covered with dust and seamed with a thousand fine wrinkles, and above
his hard, dry, red brow his white hair sticks out in wisps. He might have
posed for Holbein. A child trudges at his side and pokes occasionally at
the combs and boxes in tbe great basket tbe man carries. She is more
like a gypsy than a Dutch peasant, with more than a suggestion of the
Spanish strain — her copper-colored hair blows about her face and the eyes
that look up from under it are large and liquid and very dark. Both of
them sbout at the top of their lungs a strange prolonged cry.
The entire village is interested in our desire for a glass of milk and
our directions are shouted at us from a hundred mouths. They nearly
come to blows over it. The old gray houses are picturesque in the ex
treme. The dates of their erection are almost obliterated under the over
hanging eaves. On one of the most imposing— a long, low structure, with
deep windows — the date is 1700.
The gray church, very old and very clean, occupies the sqnare, and
under the shadow of a stately avenue of aspens and willows stretches the
quiet graveyard. The bulrushes protect it, but the water laps under
neath them, convenient for the ghosta to come out at midnight to wash
their feet over the low wall. As for the river itself, at this point and on
this day it is silver and green and pure gray. The flax floats on it and
the long, brown hair of the seaweed and the leaves of the water lilies
starred with blossoms. The windmills hardly move their gigantic arms
There is not a sound of life, not a movement over all the shining surface'
in all the soft, vast sky, but two storks, who sail majestically over our heads'
To spend a day in Rotterdam after several weeks in slumbering Rn*
soord is an intoxicating form of diversion, and the city seems as large a«
uoisy, as full of life and busy movement as London itself. '
[the end.]
Van Dykk BbowmWhere the Poor Who Are Sick Find Assistance in the Hour of Their Need
ONE WOMAN'S VIEW OF THE
CITY AND COUNTY
HOSPITAL
&udß!2 k-^p^p HERB have been many little things of late to cast dis
*Sr^f)2£K credit on the City and County Hospital, and to finish the
M?i£rs^rJs\ matter a most lamentable accident out there has caused
® «r=^&o the death of two men and ltft a stain on the life of one
«W/s£Sp?X»r man and a lasting regret in the heart of another. These
inffc^QCvw occurrences have been well ventilated, widely circulated
SHj^S^?^ and variously commented upon. Shakespeare never
• wrote truer words than :
The evil men do llres after them:
The good is often interred with their bones.
It has fallen to me to see several wonderful cures from this same place,
where to judge from present reports, patients are starved and left to suf
fer without care; and I have heard expressions of gratitude and esteem
from intelligent people who have been treated there, and the rumors of
neclect have rather troubled me. I had thought that in this— well, not
the best-managed city in the world— l had found one public institution
which deserved more praise than condemnation.
I remember the first time I ever entered the place, and felt again the
pleased surprise that a public hospital was so much more cheerful and
comfortable than it j had been pictured in my mind. The purity of the
white bedspreads, the scrubbed cleanliness of the floors, the presence of
light and air and the absence of the stuffy "sick" smell one notices in the
room of illness at home had made a deep impression.
So, of late, i have been keeping an attentive eye on the place, visiting
first as a private individual and winding up with a tour of inspection with
the avowed purpose of announcing the result in the greatest Sunday
paper of our City. I doubt the trustworthiness of just a casual inspec
tion, and never feel justified in judging from the passing glance, hence
the private prowling before the public inspection.
In this case the one experience supplemented the other, bo I will give
simply the result of the last visit, with the assurance that the facts are
corroborated by the former ones.
, At first I thought I should be denied the privilege, the consternation
which prevailed in the office was so great. I was assured the wards were
not in visiting order, and that it would be best to appoint a day in the
future. It is not to be wondered at, if you think a moment, this fear
which chills the heart of the public official when a woman announces she
has come to write him up. It means, usually, she intends to cut him up.
Though I felt for the superintendent, and longed to assure him of my
LITTLE FRANKDE, the Nurse's Pet of the Children's
Hospital, 4 Years Old, but Generous "With His Toys.
good will, I would not, nor would I consent to return another time. It
must be now, or the refusal must be positive.
The appearance of a young doctor who had seen me there before, and
who knew I had enough knowledge of the place to write without further
inspection, turned the scales in my favor, and in company with the head
nurse and a doctor I was shown the hospital. Then I spoke to the
patients alone, and poked about with all the curiosity of my kind, asked
all sorte of questions of employes regardless of conventionality, and left
after a reaily hard day's work.
Especially I noted the food. There waa some grumbling and much
praise. Did you ever cook for one invalid, with capricious appetite, wlio
wanted all the food prohibited by tbe illness and loathea everything
allowed? Then you might multiply the worry you endured by about
thirty, and you wouid know what the nurse in one ward has to put up
with. You cannot blame the sick people for their peevish complaints, but
you surely can see that tbe nurse might sometimes be in the right. I saw
one man, three weeks ago, in the worst stage of typhoid fever. As 1 stood
at the bedside, heard his delirious mutterings and saw the restless fingers
picking, picKing at the covers, I felt that the next time I came the bed
would be vacant. It was not. That same man lay there— pale, but clear
eyed— getting well. He sits up every day, and in a short time will be able
to go to work.
It does seem unfeeling to tell of the complaints of a person weak, and
not yet responsible, but some might have listened to his story of having
been denied solid food until the day before. Solid food would have killed
him, that is all, and had he beeu,sly enough to evade the nurse's eye and
eat the roeion he tried to buy, there might have been one more quiet body
in the hospital morgue.
Near him another typhoid convalescent, a Japanese boy, told the
same story, but with such a different sentiment. "Yes ma'am," he said,
"I have been very sick, but I'm getting well now. I can eat. Of course" —
there is a world of common-sense in that "of course" — "I had to live
on milk food while I was bad off, and I got awful tired of it, but now I
can eat things and they taste so good."
"What did you have to-day?" I asked.
"This morning I had a piece of soft toast with a poached egg, and at
HOW TO MAINTAIN THE SPEED OF MODERN WARSHIPS
The United States navy consists at ]
present of sixteen armored vessels, thirty
three cruisers and gunboats, one harbor
defense ram and eight torpedo-boats built
or in course of construction since 1882.
The armored vessels ranee in epeed from
21 to 10 knots, and the cruisers and gun
boats show trial speeds varying from 23 to
11 knots, and comparing this fleet with
any foreign naval power, each individual
vessel is the equal and often the superior
to similar ones buile abroad, so far as re
gards trial speed, armament and other
essential qualities of a ship-of-war.
Many of the foreign ships— notably
British— have, however, a decided advan
tage in that they are able to keep up a
closer average high speed to that of the
trial figures than our vessels, and this
advantage is due to tbe fact of their bot
toms being sheathed with wood and cop
pered. Only six of the 1000-ton gunboats
now building for our navy are of the com
posite class, that is, having steel frames
planked with wood and coppered, but all
other vessels have unprotected bottoms,
and are, therefore, subject to great loss of
speed due to the fouling of their metal
bottoms.
A recent dispatch to The Call stated in
'substance that Chief Constructor Hich
born would recommend sheathing of
future vessels, setting forth his reasons in
the lines of economy, safety and main
tained speed.
As long ago as 1884 the Bureau of Con
struction is on record recommending that
some of our naval vessels should be
sheathed, but professional jealousy, igno
rance on the part of certain officials and
the pronounced antagonism by the Secre
tary of the Navy overruled the sound
arguments or the chief constructor.
The subject was discussed before the
Senate committee on "additional steel
vessels for the navy." The usage and ex
perience of Great Britain was detailed,
and the advantage of having a continu
ously clean bottom by planking and cop
pering was demonstrated, as well as the
necessity of frequent docking of steel ves
sels, scraping and painting, the loss of
time while docking, the risk, expense and
frequent difficulties in being able to dock,
when the loss of speed through foulness of
the metal bottom would prevent the ves
sel from maintaining anything like her
l original speed.
noon a big bowl of soup and some what do you call it — oh, yes — some
pudding." The way he amackeiliis lips over the word pudding proved
how he had enjoyed it.
In the women's wards there was one complaint. Seeing a newspaper
writer seemed to give one large, well-kept looking woman a longed-for
opportunity, and she fairly made the doctor and the nurse turn pale with
her charges and complaints. What would I think of them now? They
showed me her diet card and held up the pantry-woman to tell what she
had eaten, and begged, me to go about and ask every woman in the ward
]ust what she had eaten that day. But I sent them on, and with sympa
thetic voice proceeded to question the irate lady.
She was more than willing to talk, and her eyes snapped spitefully.
The woman is a curiosity. Her case ought to be looked into. How she
ever kept that stalwart arm and that double chin on one cold potato
a week is a problem for science to solve, and then drive hunger from the
land.
Julia lay near, flat on her back, knitting lace in placid patience. Julia
had an argument with an electric car, and was sadly worsted. She has .
lain on her back with her legs in a plaster cast for six months, and she
ought to know something of hospital life. Julia gave an excuse for the
starved woman and a defense of the hospital in one. With her slow smile
she turned her eyes— the only part she can turn— and said, "Sick folks get
tired of food. Sometimes I want something, I don't know what, but we
all get more and better than we would at home." And an Irish woman
added, "Yes, and 'tis a fine place for poor folks to come."
I looked down the ward, light and warm, with the sun making slant
ing stripes on the floor, and I thought of some of the sick-rooms I had
entered, where poor people lay without ever a ray of God's light to cheer
them, waited on in an intermittent fashion by some one who must work
as well as nurse, and I echoed, "It's a fine place for poor tolk to come."
All these arguments were presented, i
but Secretary Chandler's opposition, based j
on tbe grounds of first additional cost, j
and because, as he said, "he did not want j
a ship's bottom bored full of holes," de
feated a proposition which would nave
saved many hundred thousand dollars in
coal bills alone.
At that time, January, 1884, our new
navy building had just begun, and neither
the Chicago, Boston, Atlanta nor Dolphin
had been completed; it was not until
nearly three years later (Hat additional
vessels were contracted for, since which
time, however, the work has been con- |
tinued with little or no intermission and \
is likely to go on for an indefinite time.
The system of wood sheathed and cop
pered bottoms was introduced in the Brit
ish navy in 1868 by Chief Constructor E.
J. Reed, the first vessel thus constructed j
being the frigate Inconstant of 5780 tons
and sixteen-knot speed. Constructor
Reed's letter to the Admiralty explained
that "it would have been absurd to have \
built a wooden ship to go that speed and j
expect her to take the strain of her I
engines, and it would be equally absurd
to build an iron ship to go at that speed I
Pld triclhoct
that would foul, as the fouling would take
off trom that extreme speed."
The experiment proved a success, and of
the ninety vessels since constructed on
that system only three have been retired
from the active list, while the Inconstant
]is «till counted as useful. In 1883 there
j were but very few wooaen vessels in the
j British navy, and it consisted chiefly of
| iron vessels, composite vessels — that is,
iron-framed hulls with wood planking—
and sheathed vessels, the bottom of which
was constructed as sbown in accompany
ing cut.
At the present time the British navy
list of active-service vessels gives the fol
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
Many of those who are helpiess have a clean bed every night. Not
clean sheets merely, but the whole bed. How many would have it at
home? The nurse is always within call, the doctor always within ring.
PINNY, the Idol of the Girls' Ward at the Children's Hospital — Speechless, but a Patient and Ingenious Sufferer.
The nurse does not get worn out as the home nurse must, and there is no
haunting fear of the bill to keep one from calling the doctor.
There have been of late some very wonderful and successful operations
which have not been proclaimed from the housetops, and the ten cases of
typhoid from the grading camps are all on the road to recovery.
There is one little fellow out there the most wonderful piece of patch
work ever saw. Jean is a young gentleman of about 7 years who has
nad rather a hard experience for a youngster. A truck ran all over him,
crushing his head and making kindling wood of him generally. Yet Jean
lives, walks, talks and gets into mischief. He had a special nurse during
the seven weeks he was being sewed and riveted in a way hard to realize.
His jaw was smashed, one-half crushed up against his cheek, the other
down to his neck, and his head was cracked like a squeezed egg. The
doctors smile when they see Jean's shaky little legs toddling up the ball,
for he is a monument to the success of modern surgery. That boy can
grow to manhood strong and straight as any one.
I would like to call the attention of tbe taxpayers to a crying need. I
am proud to have discovered this gross wrong, which should be remedied
at once to save the reputation of the City. If you have tears, prepare to
shed them now, while I tell you a tale of woe. A man, slightly ill, and
his wife, very ill, applied and were admitted. The man was dissatisfied
and complained sorely because he was put in the men's ward and she in
the woman's. Not that he cared to help nurse her, indeed, he kept his
own nurse busier than hers was, but he was aggrieved. Just think of it.
lowing instructive figures on the bottom
protection subject:
ARMORED TONNAGE.
Total 89 of 820.000 tons, of which
12 of 99,000 tons sheathed.
Giving 131/2 per cent in number and 12.3 per
cent In tonnage sheathed.
As the armored fleet is chiefly for home
defense, and none of the vessels, barring
the armored cruisers, are calculated for
extended voyages, their loss of speed
through fouling is not considered as j
serious as in a cruiser whose chief
purpose is high speed to overtake a
weaker antagonist or to run away from a
stronger enemy.
t'NAEMORED TONNAGK.
To:*! 319 of 671,000 tons, Of which
75 of 371,000 tons sheathed, and
66 of 60,0 JO tons composite.
Percentage of sheathed 23.4 in numbers and
55.3 In tonnage.
Percentage of composite 20.6 In numbers and
8.9 in tonnage, leaving 178 stee! vessels, or 58 per
cent of the whole number and 35.8 per cent of ton
nage to unprotected bottoms.
The British policy is to sheathe the ves
sels intended for service on far-off stations
where dockage may not be always had
when required, and, therefore, such ar
mored cruisers as the Warsprite and lm
perieuse. the first-class barbette ships like
the Barfleur, Centurion and Renown; the
first-class cruiser Royal Arthur and class;
the Comus class (eight vessels), and many
others, are wood sheathed and coppered.
The old system was discontinued in 1389,
since which time the method as shown in
the cut has been adopted with very satis
factory results, being far simpler, adding
less extra weigiit and being easier to repair
when necessary.
Notwithstanding the yearly recommend
ation of the chief constructor to sheath
the bottoms of some of the cruisers and
gunboats, the advice has not been heeded
J except in the case of the six composite
| gunboats now under construction. Tbe
consequence is that while the trial trip
figures of such ships as the New York,
j Brooklyn, Columbia, Minneapolis and
many others indicate phenomenal speed,
much faster than similar types built
I abroad, their trial speeds are but an illu
sion, for none of them are capable of
maintaining it after a couple of months at
sea nor after having lain in harbor for a
j few weeks.
The accumulation of marine growth on
The expulsion of the Acadians was nothing to it! Here iB a chance
for some unknown bard to gain lame by one bound in a poem on the
cruelty of separating those whom God had joined.
It was pleasant to watch the little tables being rolled up to the beds at
supper time, and the food seemed to my own uncnltured taste very good
and sufficient in quantity. The cups are not real china, though. Having
seen the food, 1 longed to view the kitchen. Permission was easily ob
tained from the steward. The kitchen was as clean as mine, though I do
not pose as a pattern. It is very badly arranged and in need of a thorough
overhauling and new plumbing, but tte skies would fall should the hos
pital demand any more money. And they need so many things. It would
be a fine place for a philanthropist to come. Miss Patton, the head nurse,
would be so pleased to point out the improvements.
In the beginning, there is no diet kitchen, no place where the nurses
can make the tempting little messes they often need for patients. There
is a stove, the donation of a woman, but no place to put it.
"Why, I'd be clad to have it set up in a tent,'' Miss Patton declared.
"1 rieed a place to teach the nurses to cook. We do go down and mess in
the big kitchen late at night, but it isn't satisfactory. Oh, if somebody
would only build us a nurses' home! There is plenty of ground and the
building need not be fine, and then it would be so much better to have tho
nurses' rooms together instead of being scattered over the hospital, and I
could have a classroom. I have twenty-eight nurses under me, and have
to hear the classes in my bedroom."
After reviewing the crowded, dingy quarters of the nurses I agreed that
they were .lot pampered. Nurses do not have very much time to spend in
their rooms, though. One hour off each day and half a day off each week
is not leisure enough to get monotonous. The nurses at this hospital do
not look very frivolous. There is an expression of business on every face.
Hiss P&tton has no trouble and no complaints. There is a rule forbidding
nurse and doctor to speak except upon official business, but I noticed that
the doctor with us spoke to every nurse. He said he always said good
morning to any lady he knew and he wasn't going to slight the ladies at
the hospital just because they wore nurses' caps. And Miss Fatton smiled
contentedly.
I wish there was a ward for children. They are put in with the
adults because there is no other place. The Children's Hospital can take
only a small proportion of ttie sick children, and if there was a special
ward for them in the free hospital I feel sure many would profit from it.
Here is another place for my philanthropic friend. Charity for children,
science which makes it possible for little ones to go into the world strong
and not disfigured, is the truest, highest charity.
A hospital cannot be home. One where a week's care costs five times
as many dollars as there are days is not home. The care of the nurse is
not care of wife or mother. Usually it is better care than wife or mother
can give, but it cannot have that sense of personal devotion. What wouhl
a nurse be good for who suffered with each one she nursed? The peevish
complaints do not receive the consideration they would at home. Nurse
and doctor are sure of themselves, know what is best and go quietly on in
spite of protests from the invalid.
Do uot^think there is no kindness. Nurse and doctor are kind and
firm, gentle and strong. The nurses are there to learn to manage the
most fractious invalid, and are not going to spoil themselves for future
success by habits of tyranny. And the youne doctors are very tender
toward the men and women who prove their ability. The best doctors of
San Francisco go every week to the City and County Hospital and give
Ireely of their stores of wisdom and experience. Olive Heydkn.
Do uot^think there is no kindness. Nurse and doctor are kind and
firm, gentle and strong. The nurses are there to learn to manage the
most fractious invalid, and are not going to spoil themselves for future
success by habits of tyranny. And the young doctors are very tender
toward the men and women who prove their ability. The best doctors of
San Francisco go every week to the City and County Hospital and give
Ireely of their stores of wisdom and experience. Olive Heydkn.
tbe unprotected bottom of a steel vessel ,
soon reduces her speed, and if such ships
as the above named were to maintain
their original high speed it would be
necessary to dock them every two months.
This would entail a loss of much time and j
an expense of at least $5000 for each dock- I
ing and painting of the Columbia if in a I
home port and much more if on a foreign
station. The tendency of ships of war is I
to make short cruises and take long rests J
in port, and it is the latter which hurts the \
vessel more than when steaming, for when
the bottom becomes covered with sea
grass the barnacles soon make their ap
pearance and rapidly multiply and grow
until, in some waters, the frictional resist
ance of the vessel is doubled. Then,
again, unless ihese barnacles are removed
in a reasonable time, the steel bottom
suffers from corrosion and becomes pitted,
and no amount of scraping and paint will
remedy the evil. The Boston, Dolphin
and Minneapolis are said to 'be badly
pitted, and yet the latter ship has only
been about two years in the water.
It is not always convenient to dock a
vessel when she receives Bailing orders —
in fact, sometimes there is no dock to be
had, and nothing remains to be done than
pile coal in the furnaces and by a lavish
expenditure of fuel endeavor to overcome
the resistance offered by a foul bottom.
It is not an extravagant estimate to as
sume that our vessels consume on an
average aa much coal under one-half
boiler-power as would suffice under three
quarters if their bottoms were clean, and
further that none of the ships launched
two years ago can n§w reach their trial
trip speed within a couple of knots.
The opponents to sheathing point to
merchant steamers as able to get along
without docking but it is not a parallel
case. The trans- Atlantic racers dock at
least four times a year; they have a large
reserve power in the machinery, and their
hulls are stronger than ships-of-war. The
accident which recently happeued to the
Phoenicia in tbe Erie dock, when the keel
blocks tilted and the vessel fell about four
feet to the bottom of the dock, would, no
doubt, have crushed a vessel of the Colum
bia type like an eggs;. ell, or at least put
the machinery so badly out of line as to
ruin her for further racing.
There is always a ceitain risk in dock
ing one ol these modern steel cruisers;
I lack of experience or carelessness and |
other unforeseen accidents should be J
courted as little as possible, and yet the
opponents to sheathing consider it a I
simple and inexpensive matter to dock a j
I ship.
Last year the Columbia was strained in
| the dock at Southampton; in 18S9 the
: Baltimore was likewise injured in the
I Norfolk dock, and quite recently the
Texas was nearly ruined through im
proper docKing at the Brooklyn Nayy
yard.
In 1889 Chief Constructor Hichborn pub
lished a pamphlet entitled "Sheathed or
Unsheathed Ships," in which the advan
tages and needs of sheathing were clearly
set forth. He quoted extracts from offi
cial reports giving instances where the
fouling of an iron bottom had greatly in
creased the consumption of coal.
The Ranger, wnich with clean bottom
used 1250 pounds of coal per hour to make
a speed of 10.2 knots, used 3240 pounds per
hour to reach a speed of 10 knots with her
bottom foul.
With later ships, such as the Baltimore,
New York, Columbia and others of phe
nomenal high speed, the argument of Mr.
Hichborn in favor of sheathed ships has
been greatly strengthened. High speeds
TtewTttelhod.
require large coal consumption, and a few
weeks' stay in some harbor will place the
bottom of the steel ship in such a con
dition that a loss of a couple of knots,
notwithstanding the most lavish use of
fuel, is sure to follow.
While absolute cleanliness is not claimed
for copper, it is, however, the very best
| protection against seaweed and barnacles,
I and the first cost and requisite good work
manship should not prevent its adoption.
Sheathing cannot be applied to steel ves
sels already completed, as the stem and
stern posts have to be made of bronze or
similar non-corrosive metal. The extra
SOME PICTURES IN THE WARDS
OF THE CHILDREN'S
HOSPITAL
HEN "Little Johnnie, " who was to be the ward of the
Boffins, lay sick unto death in the Children's Hospital,
he made his last will and testament. To a tiny patient in
the adjoining cot he bequeathed his tin soldier and with
his parting breath he sent a kiss to the "boofer lady."
Brief as is the description by the great master of fiction
in his novel, "Our Mutual Friend," of the place where
those afflicted children were cared for, it possesses all those fine touches
of sentiment which are suggested by the spectacle of suffering children
and which Dickens, beyond all others who ever wrote of children, imparts.
The gleam of the afternoon sun falls tenderly upon a cot in our Chil
dren's Hospital, where "Little Frankie," the nurse's pet, reclines. But
Frankie is a badly spoiled patient. He is only 4 years old, but it is doubt
ful indeed if little Frankie will ever have strength to engage in the great
battle of life. The clamor and clang of the contending boats, eager for
wealth and position, will be as indistinct to him as the thunder ol the surf
on the long beaches at Point Lobos. Before he knew the use of those
weapons which men will wield in their eager strife he has been drawn
gently and perhaps mercifully aside from the conflict.
Frankie, nevertheless, is arrogant, and resents the introduction of any
new toys in which be is not allowed a share. The woolly dog which some
sympathetic friend has bestowed upon hi 3 neighbor seems in his intelli
gence to belong to his particular kennel of toy dogs. The gentle, sweet
faced nurse, whose soft and soothing .hand caresses him in his sufferings,
must beware how she bestows her attentions upon new patients. He is as
jealous of her as a freshman of his first co-ed sweetheart.
But the tender side of Frankie's nature is his yearning for his father.
It is the predominant thought in that poor little brain to see and kiss his
father. Were not this sentiment so intense and pathetic it would border
on the grotesque. In Frankie's gaudy story-book appears, of course, the
startling legend of JacK the Giant-killer. Frankie placed his wasted finger
on the garish slayer of monsters, and looking wistfully up in the visitor's
face says, "Me fader." Again another Jack, he of the beanstalk, is called
father, and even Aladdin, with his wonderful lamp, is claimed by Frankie
as his paternal parent.
Here is a marvelous gallery of family portraits; not those who came
over with the Conqueror, and who bear upon their shields honors won at
Cressy and Agincourt. They will be forg otten with Frankie's anceatxy.
LITTLE ROSIE; the H-Year-Old Historian of the Girls'
Ward at the Children's Hospital.
The few who made the giants bite the dust, and the agile and fantastic,
ay, and filial climber of the fragile beanstalk.
In the girls' ward, Rosie, aged 11, has been for seven years resting in
her cot, an incurable from spinal disease. Rosie is one of twins. Her
sister goes to school and is strong and healthy. With her the joys of life
have just begun. For her is the merry and boisterous companionship of
children of her age and later the sweet dreams of love and maternity. For
Rosie nothing but the hospital. It is her world, its confines mark the
horizon oraer life. Yet so grand and just is the mysterious law of com
pensation Rosie's chalice of pleasure is not stinted. She is bright as a
sunbeam this poor creature, doomed to a confinement from which death
alone shall bring release. Yet there iB no sadness in her life. She is the
historian of the ward. She remembers those who have come and been her
companions, and wbo, restored to health, have gone forth rejoicing. And
she has beard the rustle of the dark angel's wings when He who pro
claimed that of children is the kingdom of heaven called those whom he
loved so much on earth to dwell with him where suffering is unknown.
Rosie makes sketches and has the true artistic temperament. But alone,
and beyond all, is the deep sense of humanity that exists in that stricken
being. She is a creation of love and sympathy, a living lesson to the
querulous and complaining.
Pinny is the idol of the girls' ward. Speech is denied this poor little
thing, but she is so ingenious in gestures that she can make all her wants
Known. She is always pleasant, always smiling, and a handsome and
pensive invalid of about 12, whose cot is next to hers, takes a maternal in
terest in her dumb companion. When an artist drew her picture she
made a merry sign to him that she wanted to see it. It pleased her mightily,
and she held forth her wasted hand to him, and with an affectionate pres
sure testified her gratitude.
Of the good people wbo care for those little ones too many words of
praise cannot be said. They are patient and loving. They are worthy of
their solemn trust. They are true to Him who said: "Suffer the little
children to coma unto me, for of theirs is the kingdom of heaven,"
Dan O'Connbll.
cost of sheathing the Royal Arthur, of
7700 tons, was $80,(300, as compared with
the Grafton, of 7350 tons, not sheathed.
The sheathing of the eight vessels of the
Indefatigable class, of 3600 tons, averaged
$51,000, and the cost in our navy for ships
of like tonnage would be about $100,000 for
the Columbia type and $65,000 for a vessel
like the Charleston.
The gain would be a decrease of docking
from two to three times a year to one in
every two years, the ship could always be
counted on to keep up a speed nearer that
of her trial than under present conditions
and the coal bills would be vastly reduced.
If Great Britain, with her docks all over
the world, finds it expedient to sheathe
vessels in order to escape clocking the case
appeals much stronger to tbi3 country,
which has no possessions abroad and only a
few naval docks at home. Of the 650
docks of all descriptions distributed over
the world Great Britain owns or controls
350, the United States has G5 and France
62. Of naval drydocKs Great Britain has
73, of which 41 are at home; France 32,
Germany and Italy 8 each and the United
States only 10. In times of peace it nay
not be so difficult to secure a dock, but in
the event of war our vessels wouid not
dare to go beyond 1000 miles from a home
dock and the coal pile, and their useful
ness would be materially reduced.
The argument was once used that it was
impossible to secure absolute watertight
ness of the wooden sheathing, and there
fore galvanic action would be set at work
between the copper sheatning and the
iron or steel of the hull, by which the lat
ter would be ruined; but this has been
proved to be a greatly overrated calamity.
A committee of naval constructors, ap
pointed by the British Admiralty in 1892,
inquired thoroughly into the subject, and
exposed the fallacy of the objections of
the opponents to sheathing. The system
as sbown in the second cut depicting the
new method has now been in use about
seven years and works satisfactorily. The
planking, of teak, is secured by screw
bolts made of forged naval brass. A com
position consisting of proportionate parts
of mineral pitch, coal tar, resin and tur
pentine is forced in between the plating
and the wood planking by means of a
force-pump, and thus the only leakage
possible is through badly fitted bolts.
Great precautions, however, are taken to
guard against bad workmanship, each
man having his particular range of work
for which he is held responsible, his name
being recorded, and in the event of a dis
covery of bad work dismissal is sure to
follow, which to a workman in a British
dockyard means loss of pension at the ex
piration of long years of active employ
ment. Private firms take similar precau
tions.
That sheathing has been so long de
ferred in our navy is • unfortunate for
many reasons, but the probabilities
strongly indicate that future cruisers may
be built on this plan on which 299 vessels
in European navies have been constructed.
ABOUT SHOES
NEVER wear a shoe that pinches the
heel, says Health Culture.
Never wear a shoe or boot so large in the
heel that the foot is not kept in place.
Never, wear a shoe or boot that has de
pressions in any part of the sole to drop
any joint or bearing below the level plane.
Never wear a shoe with a sole turning
up very much at the toes, as this causes
the cords on tbe upper part of the foot to
contract.
Never wear a shoe that presses up into
the hollow of the foot.
Never have the top of the boots tight, as
it interferes witn the action of the calf
muscles, making one walk badly and
spoils the shape of the ankle.
Never wear one pair of shoes all the time
unless obliged to do so. Two pairs of
boots worn a day at a time, alternately,
give more service and are much more
healthful.
Never wear leather sole linings to stand
upon; white cotton drilling or linen is
much better and more healthful.
Never wear a short stocking, or one
which, after being washed, is not at least
a half-inch longer than the foot. Bear in
mind that stockings shrink. Be sure that
they will allow your toes to spread out at
the extreme ends, a3 this keeps the joints
in place and makes a strong and attractive
foot. As to shape of stockings, the
single digital or "one-toe stocking" is best.
Thomas Slater has a message for every man on
page 3a Don't fail to read it.
1920
SEPTEMBER DAYS
AT THE RESORTS.
Society Indulges in the
Pleasures Autumn
Affords.
The Paper Chase and Racing
for Trophies at San
Rafael.
Pleasant Reports From the Seaside,
the Mountains, the Lakes and
the Springs.
Slowly but surely the out-of-town season is
drawing to a close. Every day brings a num
ber of society devotees back to the multitud
inous duties of City life. At San Rafael much
gayety is being crowded into the few remain
ing weeks of the season.
p- The paper-chases that were Inaugurated for
the amusement of the guests of the Hotel
Rafael have developed into quite a pretentious
organization and the latest announcement is
a race meet of the San Rafael Hunt Club, to
be held at the San Clemente track on Septem
ber 12.
About $1000 or $1500 have been spent in
putting the trick and stables in perfect order,
and on the day of the race it will be one of the
best half-mile tracks in the State. The San
Clemente track is situated in an ideal spot for
racing. Nestling among the hills of Marin
County, it is sheltered from the chilling
breezes from the bay. There are fifteen fine
race boxstails in the paddock to accommodate
the visiting ponies. A grand stand to seat a
thousand people will be erected and accom
modations for many more are being arranged.
The San Francisco and North Pacific Railroad
will run special trains to the track from San
Francisco and from northern towns, and the
meet will be a society event of importance.
Miss Mollie Phelan has taken the Robinson
cottage at Redwood City and will pass the
autumn and winter months there.
Miss Jennie Catherwood has returned from
her visit to Paso Robles and leaves on Monday
for a two weeks' stay at the Hastings place iv
Napa,
Mr. and Mrs. Louis B. Parrott returned the
first part of the week trom New York, where
Mrs. Parrott and her two children arrived
several weeks ago irom Europe, after an ab
sence of several years.
Miss Mary Belle Gwin has returned from a
visit to Miss Thomas at Ross Valley.
Mr. and Mrs. J. R. K. Nuttall returned from
their visit to San Rafael on Monday last to
their borne on Jackson street.
Mrs. C. C. Butler and Miss Emma Butler, now
visiting in the Ease, are not expected home
before November 1.
Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Rosenstock returned from
San Rafael after a two months' visit at the
Hotel Rafael on Monday. They have taken
apartments at the Palace Hotel for the season.
Mrs. J. A. Folger and her two sons, Athern
and Ernest Atherton, returned from San Rafael
to their home in Oakland on Monday last.
Miss Sara Tennant oi San Francisco Is visit-
Ing in San Jose as the guest of Mrs. Henry
Spring.
Mr. and Mrs. Hermann Oelrichs and Miss
Virginia Fair are expected to arrive here from
Newport this month.
Mr. and Mrs. C. de Guigne went to the Hotel
del Monte last Monday.
Mrs. Henry T. Scott is at her cottage in Bur
linuame and is entertaining Miss Cunningham
and Miss Gibson.
Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker and the Misses
Alice and Birdie Rutherford will pass the next
two weeks at the Hotel del Monte.
Captain and Mrs. A. H. Payson will pass most
of this month at Del Monte.
Mr. and Mrs. George A. Pope and Miss Tay
lor are in New YorK City, en route home from
England.
Major and Mrs. John A. Darling, U. S. A.,
left tne Presidio last Saturday for Paso Robles,
where Mrs. Darling will remain a month for
her health. Major Darling is expected to re
turn to-day.
M;ss Young and Miss Marjorie Young re
turned to the Presidio last Saturday, after
passing a couple of weeks at the Hastings
ranch, neiir St. Helena, as tbe guests of Miss
Jennie Catherwood.
Mr. ('. W. Bonynge of London is passing a
few weeks in the Catskills, aud expects to come
here later in the season.
Mrs. F. F. Low and Miss Flora Low will re
main at the Hotel del Monte during Septem
ber.
R Mrs. W. F. McXutt. Miss McNutt and Miss
.'uih McNutt are passing a few weeks in the
igh Sierras near Truckee.
Everett N. Bee returned to the City on
Friday after a visit to Lake Tahoe and resorts
in Sonoma County.
Edgar Mills Jr. and Miss Florence Mills re
turned from Del Monte last Monday and are in
Menlo Park.
Mrs. Robert L. Sherwood returned to Marys
ville last Wednesday after passing two months
at Santa Cruz.
Mr. and Mrs. Francis J. Carolan will remain
at Del Monteanother week.
Mr. and Mrs. Paul Jarboe have returned
from a visit to Mrs. John R. Jarboe at Concha
del Mar, in Santa Cruz.
Joseph D. Grant returned from Del Monte
last Sunday and is at his cottage in Kurlln
game.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Hodges Toler (nee Reed) will
visit friends in Fruitvale for several days be
fore returning to Auburn.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph A. Donohoe Jr., who
attended the races at Del Monte, returned to
their villa in Menlo Park last Sunday.
Mis. George H. Roe and Miss Clara Rice are
at Lake Tahoe.
Dr. and Mrs. William J. Younger and the
Misses \ounger are in Paris.
Miss Lottie Gashwiler has returned from a
fortnight's visit to Colonel and Mrs. William
Forsythe at Fresno.
Major and Mrs. W. B. Hooper and Miss Rose
Hooper have returned from a prolonged visit
to resoru in Soutnern Caliiornia.
Mr. and Mrs. Morris Newton returned from
Panta Cruz last Sunday and are at the Palace
Hotel.
Miss Cornelia O'Connor is passing several
weeks at Coronado Beach.
MrR. Henry Schmiedell has returned Irom
Del Monte and is r.t the Palace Hotel
Mrs. Maude Berry Fisher has returned to her
home In Oakland, after pajssiue ten w«eks in a
sanitarium in this-City, and is fully restored to
health. Dr. and Mrs. Fisher will leave for
New \ork in about a moutn
Mr. and Mrs. Marcus L. Gerstle returned
from Santa Cruz early In the we»k
Mrs. Carmichael-Cerr, who wm iv Bayreuth
attending the Wagner testival some four
weeks ago, will return to San Francisco late in
September.
Mre. A. A. Cohen, Mrs. Gerriit Lansing and
Miss Ethel Cohen will pass the winter at their
horne t Fernside, In Alameda.
N. K. Masten, Dr. and Mrs. Frank Wilson and
Miss Alice Masten are occupying the residence
of J. B- bchroeder Jr. at Redwood City which
they have leased for several months.
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Levison (nee Gerstle} aro
residing at the Hotel Richelieu. '
Dr. Leopold Neumann returned fr&n Santa
Cruz last Monday.
Samuel W. Saalburg will return from New
York in about two weeks.
Miss Fannie Loughborough and Mlbs Marie
Zane are visiting Mr. and Mrs. Harry Jerome
at Del Monte.
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. SchoDe are still at Del
Monte, where they will remain during this
month.
Mrs. Eugene Casseriy, Miss Margaret Cas
serly and J. B. Casseriy will remain at Del
Monte a couple of weeks more.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Fox Tay have returned
to San Rafael, after passing a fortnight at Del
Monte.
Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Bruguiere and Louis
Bruguiere returned to the City last Saturday,
alter passing two months at Del Monte.
Walter B. McCreary has gone East, en route
to Europe.
Miss Anita Murray has gone to Europe. She
wnl pursue her vocal studies in London and
Paris for a year, when she expects to return to
Lliis City.
William If. Randol Is at the Hotel Normandie
in New York City.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles B. Alexander returned
from De. Monte last Wednesday and are at the
Palace Hotel.
Mrs. A. Page Brown has rented a cottage on
Beach Hill, in Santa Cruz.
Miss Jennie Dunphy and Miss Viola Piercy,
who have been living in Paris for a couple of
years, arrived in New York City last Wednes
day, en route to this City.
Mih-s EsUjlle Sweet left for the East on Fri
nay, August 28, to spend the winter with
frL-nds.
Victor R. Ulman left for the East on Friday
last.
Mrs. William Willis and Miss India W. Scott
are the guests of Mrs. J. F. Boyd at the Oak
wood Pars farm in Contra Costa County.
W. Cunningham, Miss Genevieve Nolan, Miss
Kltuo Nolan, Mr. and Mrs. George P. Roop
and Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Nolan will leave to-day
lor a mouth's trip to Yaquina Bay.
James S. Hawkins aud Frank" Young have
started on a vacation in the launch Wang.
They will go as far as Sacramento and after
ward to Stockton to attend the celebration on
the 9th.
Mrs. Rose Chandler Smith and her sister,
Miss Lueilla Smith, formerly of New Sharon,
Me., are the guests of their cousin, Mrs. M. K.
Richardson, at 1209 Magnolia street, Oakland.
Mrs. Morton L. Cook, accompanied by her
son, Morton Jr., left Alameda yesterday lor St.
Helena to be absent three weeks.
The Misses A. M. Bergdahl and J. D. Paulus
are spending their summer vacation with
friends at Cloverdale.
Mr. and Mrs. George D. Bunker have re
turned Irom Giiroy Hot Springs and will leave
for Sacramento in a few days to attend the ia;r.
Miss Ida Marcus will leave Monday for Oak
land to stay a few weeks with her cousius, the
Misses Marcus.
The Vendome.
After eighteen weeks at the Vendome, Pro
fessor Low: nsky's Orchestra closed their most
successful engagement last Sunday evening.
The rotunda was packed to :ts utmost capacity
by the guests and the music-loving public of
the Garden City. A grand programme, con
sisting of sixteen selections, was rendered in
artistic style.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Payot of San Francisco,
accompanied by Mrs. H. L. Curtis and Mildred
Curtis, after a most pleasant visit at the Ven
d line, have returned home.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Brown of Honolulu, accom
panied by Miss I. Dickson, were pleasantly
quartered at the Veudome during the week.
Mr. and Mrs. L. R. Eilert of San Francisco
were among our many arrivals the past week.
Mrs. I. P. Little of San Francisco, accompa- !
nied by Miss L. T. Little, has gone to Del '
Monte after several days' visit at this charm- !
ing hostelry.
James B. Merritt and wife of Oakland regls- !
lered the past week.
Mrs. N. C. Argues, accompanied by Miss
Maud Argues and C. R. Argues, have* taken i
rooms at tne Vendome for the summer mouths !
Colonel H. Bendel registered from Oakland
duricg the past week.
Arthur Rodgers, accompanied by James L.
Robinson,- autographed from San Francisco
during the week.
Mrs. Ponce d<> Leon of New York, accompa
nied by Mrs. McClung and Miss Spooner ot San
Francisco and H. C. Potter Jr. of Philadelphia
enjoyed the hospitalities of the Vendome dur- i
ing the week.
Mr. and Mrs. P. A. Finnigan of San Fran
cisco, accompanied by the Misses Mollie,
Maude and Tillie Finnigan, returned home
after several weeks' visit at the Vendome
W. B. Harrupof Oakland registered during
the week. * I
General W. H. L. Barnes of San Francisco j
was the guest of the Vendome during the past
week,
Mr. nnd Mrs. H. L. Harrison of New York
City registered during the week.
George Lane of Detroit, after several weeks'
visit at Del Monte, has arrived at the Vendome j
for a few dayt.
Miss Annie Apperson of Pleasanton was the
gupst of Mrs. p. A. Hearst during the week.
Mr. and Mr». Larky of Oakland were the
guests of the Vendome.
H. Lechler of Chicago has returned to the
Vendome lor an indefinite period.
Manager George P. Snell, accompanied by !
his family, has returned from Seabright, Santa !
Cruz County, after several weeks' vacation.
W. Dana Ktmoall, accompanied by Mrs. E. S
Kendeli of Boston, are enjoyiug the hospitah- I
ties ot the Vendome for a few days' visit.
W. M. Gifford of Honolulu, after paying Santa
Cruz a flying visit, has returned to the Yen- i
dome.
Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Hall of San Francisco
speut the pas', week at this favorite resort.
Mrs. O. B. Williar of San Francisco spent a
Eost I -° £ tbe I>aat WCck at thiS P°P ular |
R. E. Holbrook, accompanied by Edward
Davis of San Francisco, spent a portion of the
past week at the Vendome.
Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Callen of Oakland were
among Wednesday's arrivals.
Mrs. T. M. Schumacher of Pan Francisco,
accompanied by Mrs. J. A. Munroe of Omaha
Nebr., paid San Jose v flying visit and regis^
tered at the Vendome.
♦— •'.
Bartlett Springs.
Since the heavy rain of Saturday and Sun
day the weather has been superb at Bartlett
Walking and riding parties to the many beau
tiful spots among the big pines are very popu
lar at the resort. Among recent arrivals are:
William G. Kerckhoff and wife, Miss Carrie
Weiss, M. G. Eshman, W. G. Wooshman Mr
and Mrs. W. G. Bradley, Los Angeles; Captain !
T. W. Medford, 8. B. Peterson Jr., F. Peterson
R. W. Simpson, Miss M. Simpson, Hugo Fisher
Jr., J. W. La Roche, Mrs. Anna Williams, E. T
Kendall, James F. Gibbon, J. R. Williams E
J.Benedict, Mr. and Mrs. Archer Jones Nat
Lowensteii,, San Francisco; J. H. Huichinson,
ri'.^r r m £ ine V Col onel R - Clarke, Nevada
Kan^c a M Che M' Me , ? d : J - J - Richardson
Kansas City Mo.; Mrs. J. J. Brouton, Oroville;
H. C. Stowall, Williams: Walter Baker E
Paso, Tex. ; Hon. William B.ckman, Mrs. Croft
J. 11. Arnold and daughter, Bacrameuto; Mr.
rs - I-flton and child, Williams; J. R.
falcon and wife, Frultvale; W. I. Hopp
Bcnme i r so r lle \v he *?°™ Sc'hmelser. cSrl
Win pi 'r V « Dunn ' J - Rwmmelsberg,
Winters; J. L. Hatson, Woodbride»>- EH
Hemphill Lodi; E. J. Deianey/San Jose-- ' a£
drtw J. Clunie, San Francisco. '
Paraiso Springs.
Mrs. J. C. Kirkpatrick and iVrs. H. K. Davis
of the Palace Hotel are at Paraiso Bprings for
a month's stay. s
C. A. Clinton, M.D., of San Francisco, is at
Paraiso for a month's stay
Mrs. Captain J. Jensen of "Alameda will spend
September at Paraiso. H
Hon. and Mrs. J. W. Whitnev of Run Fron
September a ° Jose is at ***&«> lor
Mrs J Brown and Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Pritch
ard will be at Paraiso during September
L. D. Voice, a leading merchant of Oakland
is at the springs for two weeks 1 rest wttJLmuQ '
Mr. and Mrs. Albert H. Menne of the Park
Paraiso 8 " FranclSo0 V are r « B«ne8 «ne a month at
Mrs. craven and Mrs. Haskins of San Fran-
Cisco are spending three weeks at Paraiso.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6% 1896.
THE PAST WEEK
IN LOCAL CIRCLES.
Society Attends Formal Re
ceptions and Small
Dances.
Miss Boger Celebrates Her
Eighteenth Anniver
sary.
Banquet in Hcnor of Mrs. Richard
Temby — Fahey Reception at
the Cosmopolitan.
The many friends of Mrs. Richard Temby
tendered her a banquet at Maison St. Germain
on Sunday afternoon, August 30. The private
dining-room was beautifully decorated with
*milax, ferns and flowers. To add to the en
joyment of the occasion piano and vocal solos
were rendered by Mr. A. E. Bering, Miss Nel
lie Johns, MissE. E. Boyd and Mr. and Mrs.
Williams of Kernville.
Among the invited guests were: Mrs. Rich
ard Temby, Mr. and Mrs. Williams of Kern
ville, Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Boyd, Mr. and Mrs.
Blakeley, Mr. and Mrs. Campbell, Mr. and Mrs.
J. C. Lester, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Childs, Mrs.
Johns, Miss E. E. Boyd, Miss Agnes E. Boyd,
Miss Nellie Johns, A. E. Bering, Frank Gra
ham of Bakersfield and Ernest Darragh of
London, England.
At the parlors of the Cosmopolitan Hotel on
Wednesday evening, August 27, Miss Agnes
Fahey tendered a reception to a number of her
Sqnora friends. The hours passed quickly by
with music, song and pleasant chat, after
which reirMhiaantt were served. The guests
present were: Misses M. A, Fahey, May Gib
bons, Maud May, Mamie Barry, Juliet. Mouron,
Julia Haaf,', Anna Hang, Mamie Griffin, An- !
ne.la Fahey. Josie Fahey, Rosabel Conrad. Zita i
Fahey; Mesdames B. W." Conrad, Morrison, Me- I
Cready, G. Tandy, A. Mouron, T. Gibbons. W.
Fahey; Messrs. <;. Howard, Klwyn May, Thomas
Magee, Otto Mouron, John Fahey, Ed Header- i
son, Frank Ltewey, George Tandy, F. M. '
Diviny, William Fahey.
A most pleasant and successful party was i
given by Miss Ida Boger at her resident
Fillmore street, on Saturday evening, August !
22, in honor of the eighteenth anniversary of ■
her Wrth. The early part of the evenine was I
spent la playing games and In dancing. At 11
o'clock the guests adjourned into the dining
room, where a grand repast was spread.
Among those present were: Ifisi H. Dunker, '
W. Daniels, Miss A. Hyde, L. Andre, Misa Alma '
Boeer, Miss D. Peterson, J. Russell, Miss M.
McPliee, J. Owens, Miss Alice Boger, ICiaaC.
Mullen, F. Noltenieir, Miss S. Fuendeiing, E.
Owens, Mii-s C. Ehrenpfort, J. Krisbe.-, Mis- s
Joost, W. Lent, Miss L. Noltemelr. G. Ehren- I
pfort, Miss N. Owens, H. Morton, Miss E. I
Schmidt, Miss M. Roemer, E. Mooney. MIM
Anita Boger, Miss Bertha Boger and Master
Arthur Boger.
A deligntfui tocial and dance was tendered
by Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Lindauer at their resi
dence, 2408 Bryant street, last Saturday even
ing to their numerous friends. Alter vocal
and instrumental selections by Miss Tony
Mayers, Mi.-s Anna Mayers, Miss Lizzie Uogan,
Miss Aggie Kearns, Mrs. lxjckyer, Harry stock
ton, tieorpe Vause, Louis Mavers. V. N. Smith
and Frank Splaine, sumptuous refreshments
were served, and then dancing was indulged
In until a late hour. The following were pres
ent: Mr. and Mrs. Harry Stobkton, Mr. and
Mrs. R. Gordon, Mr. and in, o. Wmllng, Mr.
and Mrs. Lockyer, Mr. and Mrs. >'. Wirtz, Miss T
Mayers, Miss Anna Mayer3, Misa Lizzie Hogan,
Califormarxs ir\ NeW York.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. I.— When a
Californlan sets out to do anything on a
broad scale something pretty decent gen
erally results. A case in point occurred
at the Futurity race run last week at
Sheepshead and Marcu3 Daly of Cali
fornia was present. He had with him
something like $2000 which his miners in
the Anaconda district had given him to
place to the bent possible advantage.
When the betting first opened the odds
were 12 to 1 and Mr. Daly succeeded in
getting up the entire amount at those fig
ures on Ogden and then started in to get
his own bets in.
He sent four commissioners into the
ring with $50,000 and placed it all except
something like $8000, which was crowded
out by the slumped odds.
Most of it was bet at an average of 6 to
1 with the exception of the pool made up
by the miners.
When the race came off Oeden, as was
expected by Daly's friends and Shelly
Tnttle, came in at the head of the layout,
and Mr. Daly raked down something like
$120,000, $20,000 of which went to the
minors who had mad* the original pool.
Miss Aggie Kearns, Miss Mazle Gardener, Miss
katherire O'Brien, Miss Knte Murphy, Miss
Emma Lindauer, Mis< Helen Llndauer, Miss
Ruby Stockton, George W. Sherman, George
Vau-e, Jack Hackett, Louis Mayers, Vincent
N. Smith, Fred Harris, Frenk Splalne, 11.
Heathorn and Master Herbert Stockton.
A christening party was given by Mr. and
Mr-. Johnson last Sunday evening, August 30,
1896. at Drew's HhII, 121 New Montgomery
street. Rev. Mr. Kolander of the Swedish
Lutheran Church christened the child
by the name of Charles Birger Harold
Johnson. Tnis was the first child chris
tened by the members of the Knights
of the Golden Banner. Those pnsent
were: Mr. and Mrs. Charles Johnson, Oscar
Berg, Miss H^lmeii Gardn-r, Mr. Woolf, F. W.
Ireland, Captain \V. J. Ireland, Mrs. Ireland
and son, \\. Kalas-.ch. Antmie Carupech, Mi-.*
B. Herlin, Victor Anderson, Hlu Theres-a
Herlin, Joseph Okert lad, Mis' (Jahn, L. Ek
lund. Miss Caroline Kllit, M. Wnhlgren, Mi;s
Agnes Lundgren, Joseph Sander, Mill Nelson,
Mr. Oiofson, Miss o'Malley, O. C.
Cassell, Miss Edith Svenson, John Hagbersri
O. Prla, G. Anderson, Louise Benson, Charles
Kingi>erg, Miss T. Munson, Alex. Olson,
Miss Mary Magnus, Mr. Herwits. Pete Johnson,
M:s- Solmanson C. O son, MKs L. Nelson. Dr.
B. I'.-ters, Mjv S E. Anderson, S. Pierson, <;:;m,.
Pearson. Aloert Schnell, Mins C. .Hammar,
John Johnson, Miss Jennie Schnell, Julius
iVrson, Mitt A. Lindgren, E. Anderson, Mln
11. Pienon, I. Johnson, Miss Carlson, Cnarlei
Wtdbolm, Miss Ella Anderson, Gus Anderson
Miss H. Anderson, Mi>a Peterson, Mr. and Mr.-,
C. B<.rg, Mr. and Mrs. Dauielson, Mr. and Mrs.
Boqulst, Mr. and Mrs. Molander. Mr. and Mrs
Loden, Mr. and Mrs. Wallen, Mr. and Mrs.
Bob.in, Mrs. A. N. Olson, C. Frederick Wetche,
C. H. Olden, V. Anderson, Mrs. Sandberg and
others.
a farewell party was giv?n Miss AMce Me-
Gratfi on Thursday evening at her residence,
1018 Churcli street, previous to her departure
for New York.
Among those present were: Misses Alice and
Agnes KcGratn, Misses Alice and Mdinie Cos
teilo. Misses Maggie and Julia Cniininghiim,
Mi-^ Maegie Campbell, Miss Josie MfcGrath,
Miss Mayme Hannon, Mr. George Williams, Mr.
T. Crimminc, Mr. Robert Jordan, Mr. Neil Con
way. Mr. Mi(ire.vv, Mr. Al Potter, Mr. Bert
Smith, Mr. Walter Jordan, Mr. Louis Kelly.
SMAGOS SPRINGS.
Ainone the latest arrivals at Skaggs Hot
Springs are:
From San Fruncisco — John D. Feldman, John
Mooney, L. B. Goldberg and wife, Peter Dolan,
J. Baier and wife, Mrs. M. Friedman, I. Fried
man, K. Buford, I. Abrams, Ike Miller, J. G.
Martin and wife. J. R. Martin. Mrs. M. A. Con
nolly, Mrs. J. Holmes and maid, Mrs. T. Lough
lan, John J. Carroll. James W. Finn, James f
Giblin, E. F. Kendall, M. Getz, Mrs. A. Archer
and son. K. H >man and wife, J. E. Cross, Mr.
and Mrs. George Fritch, George A. Faylor and
wife, John Sroufe, W. Z. Tiffany, Mrs. 6 T
£>ixey, William F. Dix.y, Mrs. Johnson Rey
nolds, Mrs. E. Williams, Mrs. C. Graham
P. F. Blake. C. E. Tomson, M. L. Rosenberg.
From Petaluma— Mrs. Henry Lawrence, Mrs.
Wina:is and son. From San Rafael— E. B.
Sl.-onc. Proa Ross Valley— W. S. Daviis and
witc. Miss LUUe Boole. From Sin Anselmo—
I. K. Byrne and wife. Green Brae ranch— M.
T. Freiias. From OaKland— R. H. Davis, Rev.
James Hulme. From Healdgburg— T. C. Mer
chant. J. O. Cooper, L. A. Benin", Lybatia Red
ding. From Cloverdale— Dr. R. S. Markell and
wife, Mrs. C. H. Bork. From Seneca Falls-
Mrs. E. K. Lewis. From Alameda— Robert
Romer.
Hotel de Redwood.
Among the latest arrivals at the Hotel de
Redwood are: Mrs. Sarah Dorr, Miss Lottie
Dorr, Miss Sadie Dorr, Mrs. Veach and family,
Mr. and Mrs. Ehrenberg, Miss Hortense Stein
hart, Mcs. Helen M. Jones, Harris Jones, Miss
Lillian Laughern.
Miss Florence Cox of Hotel dc Redwood has
been spending the past three weeks at Like
Tahoe and vicinity, in company with her mar
ried sister, Mrs. K. M. Greenwood. Mrs. Green
wood chaperoned a party of young people to
the top of Mount Tallac. The ascent was made
in live hours, the ladies riding and the gentle
men of the party walking.
Paso Robles.
Among the late arrivals at Paso Robles arc:
Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Halladay, Mr. and Mrs
William Smith, Major and Mrs. J. A. Darling.
Mr-,. Smith of San Carlos gave a dinner to a
number of neisons on the 31. Tne tables
were beauttiuliy decorated with La France
:»nd ptuk geraniums, cullud from the
gardens of Paso Robles.
This >s a fair sample of what Califor
nians do for the men who trust them.
Mr. Daly also gave Tuberville, the jockey,
a former Californian, $1000 as a present
ana in adozen different ways indicated his
liberality and general Western generosity.
It paralyzed the Eastern talent and the
betting men generally to see that Mr.
Daly and his friends had called the turn
on a horse that was fc to 1 when the bet
ting opened.
"Mose Ganst has came."
He got here about the first of the week
and immediately went down to police
headquarters and mingled with his
friends. He kept his eyea constantly on
the general gait and the attire of the blue
coats and sized them up as they stopped
along the way. Of course we all know
that Mr. Gunst wants to model the San
Francisco force after the boys of Gotham.
So far he has succeeded very well, and if
Mr. Gunst can only start a series of rows
among the Police Commissioner?, such as
we have here, San Francisco's department
will be much more like nnto that of this
city.
Commißsioner Ganst has a great many
CLUB PARTIES
AND RECEPTIONS
Brilliant Affairs Given by
Social Organiza
tions.
First Monthly Entertainment of
the Ridgely Literary
Club
The Women's Educational Union In
augurate the Fall Season With
a Musicale.
The first monthly entertainment and dance
given under the auspices of the Rtdgely Liter
ary and Social Club was neld on Saturday
evening at Odd Fellows' Hall. The purpose ot
the entertainment was to arouse a more social
feeling in the organization, a purpose that was
most highly successful. The following excel
lent programme was presented during the
evening, after which dancing' was in order:
Overture, orchestra; Euterpe quartet— Mrs.
Gardner, Miss Annie Forrester, Miss Elna C.
Olsson, Edith S?ott Waters; tenor solo, Master
James Dobson; cornet folo, I. C. Coggin; so
prano solo, Miss Jessie M. Olsson; recitation,
William H. Barnes, P. G. M.; tenor solo, Dr. D.
A. Hodghead; Euterpe quartet.
Independence Social Club gave a most en
joyable entertainment and dance on Friday
evening at Mozart Hall. A large audience was
present and thoroughly appreciated the varied
and interesting programme.
The members of the Arion Verein gave their
initial musicale and hop at their rooms, 414
Pine street, on Saturday evening last.
The club was assisted by Miss Freda Sylves
ter, pianist*, and E. L. Atkinson, barytone,
under the conductorship of Professor H.'Holz
hauser.
After the musicale several of the younger
members indulged in dancing to the enticing
strains of Yanke's orchestra.
The Sero club cave its first annual enter
tainment.and dance at Union-square Hall last
Saturday evenine, wnen the following pro
gramme was rendered:
Song, "By-10. Baby, By-lo," Daniel Dwyer;
recitation, "Dorkins" Night," Ed Wobber;
fancy dancing. Miss Gertie McMahon; song,
"The Last Wntch," Miss Mny Tunison ; violin
Solo, Abe Wise; character artist. Max Guudv •
paitomime act, 1. Mullcr, John King.
After the entertainment dancing was com
menced and continued until 1 o'clock.
The first musicale of the autumn season at
tracted many lovers of high-class music to the
elegant parlors ot the Women's Educational
Union, on Van Ness avenue, last Tuesday
evening. Mme. Eilen Coursen-Roeckel had
charge of the programme. Professor Roeckt'l
acted as accompanist during the evening. The
participants, artists and amateurs 6nng in five
different languages to the delight of the large
audience present. The following programme
was carefully presented :
Duet, "Nearest and Dearest" (Caracciolo).
Mi»s Emilie Schneider and Senorita Adele de
Galvez; cavatina, "Una Voce Pocri Fa" (Ros
sini), Mrs. tieorgie Stom; duet, "When Life Is
Brighteftt" (Pinsuti), Mrs. H. Lewis and MIM
May Mabie; lied, "Mem Treu-hed Hat Mem
Herz" (Metcain, Miss Annette Miiev;
soup, "Sigh No More, Ladies" (Pommer), M.ss
Emiiie Schneider; duet, "Si Vous n'Avez Rien
a Me Dire" (Lassen), Mile. Elena Roeckel and
Mnu\ Coursen-Roeckel; lied, 'Du Bist Wie
Eine Blume" (Neidliuger), Sonorita A. de Gat-
V*a; serenade, "Lovtvs Nocturne" (Temple),
Mrs. H. Lewis; lied, "Fruhlingstraume" (Schu
bert), Miss Tillie Mlluy;duet in canon form,
•'Love's Discontent" (Bullard), Mrs. G. Stout
friends and acquaintances here in New
York, and as he is in the hands of his
friends I cannot say just exactly where he
is stopping at the present time. However,
he will be here about live weeks, and
when he returns it will be with some new
ideas anu some new stories.
The arrival of Li Hung Chang has just
about upset this city. Everybody has
gone wild over the diplomatic Chinaman
and tbe streets are black with crowds
waiting to see him driving up the street
in his carriage surrounded by a detach
ment of American citizens, who appear to
be glad that Li is alive.
The most amusing thing is tbe way New
Yorkers look at the gaudinesa of China
town, which is about one-eighth as big as
San Francisco's Mongolian quarter, yet
there is a mob of oeople there most all tbe
time, and they regard Chinatown as the
most magnificent thing on earth. They
simply flock therein droves and look upon
the gaudy nags and tricolored lanterns as
perfect dreams of color. They gather in
knots all alor.g the street and rave over
the prospect of having the decorations up
for the rest of the week. Bob Davis.
I and Mrae. Coursen-Roeckel; cavatina, "Tan
credi" (Rossini); Miss Nell Couch; song, "My
Dream of You" (Rodney), Miss May Mabie;
habunera, "El Areglito" (Tradier), Mme. Cour
seu-Roecke'; .<=one, "A Mean Old Maid',
(Roeckel). Miss Kell Couch.
On Wednesday atternoon at the residence of
her daughter. Mrs. Wagenheim, 1616 Vallejo
street, Mrs. Blum was tendered a surprise
party in honor of Uer seventieth birthday.
Mrs. Blum for the past twenty-five years his
been prominently identified with the leading
c-haritabe organizations of the State and the
greater number of those who assembled toVlo
her Honor were co-workers in the field of
charity.
The early part of the evening was pleasantly
passed with music, conversation and games.
At 11 o'clock the guests marched to the din
ing-room, where an elaborate supper was par
taken of. The affair was a most perfect suc
cess r.nd the largo number of guests present
testified to the esteem in which the lady is
held in this community.
A delightful party whs given by Mr. and
Mrs. E. M. Zvietlcb of Valencia street on Sun
day, August 16, in honor of the christening of
their son Albert. The rooms were tastefully
decorated. Those present were Mr. and Mrs.
A. J. Hawbert, Mr. and Mrs. Voltz. Mrs.
Schiaber, Mrs. S. P. Platt, Mrs. Hanly. Misses
Eitelle ft-.id Florence Hiinly, Mrs. kiernan,
Miss M. Haake, Mr. and Mrs. W. Birdsall, J.
Hardy, Colonel W. T. Reynolds, J. Kutch, Perry
Zvletich and Victor Kiernan.
A p:irty was given last Saturday evening at
the residence of Mr. ond Mrs. Thomas, 1511Jj
Mission street, in honor of their daughter.
Miss Lottie Thomas. Dancing, singing and
games were among the amusements of the
evening. Among those present were Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Schussler, Mr.
and Mr-. J. Sands, Miss Loltie Thomas. Miss
May Jackson, Miss Lottie Fenelius, Miss Lizzie
Powers, Miss Thomas, Mis-< May Mara, Miss
Christina I'owers, Miss Molly MacDonala, Miss
llitnna Mara, Miss Anna Lahey. Miss Maggie
Mara, Miss Carrie Thatcher, Miss Emma
Shiriey, Miss Frances Priest; Messrs. Horace
Jackson, Jim Davies, Ernest Peterson, Walter
Smith. Harry Wo'.pman, Forrest Hatfield, Mark
Lewis, Churles Johnson, Thomas Dwyer, Aus
tin Henry, Charles Granz, Otto Peterson, How
ard Priesi, William Hass, Joe Dugan, Ernest
Schussler.
IN THE FUTURE,
Entertainments and Receptions
Announced for September.
San Francisco Lodge No. 1, Friends of In
dependent Rifles, will give & grand fan social
on Saturday evening, September 12, at Sara
toga Hall, 814 Gearv street.
The Slavonian National Social Club will give
a grand ball and entertainment for the benefit
of tho library fund on Saturday evening, Sep
tember 12, at Alcazar Social Hall, 120 O'Farrell
street.
Mrs. Leila Ellis, assisted by Miss Leila Owen
Ellis, will give a dramatic recital at Beethoven
Hall, 336 Post street, on Thursday evening,
September 10. Miss Elli>, who has been pass
ing the summer months in this City, will
shortly return to New York.
OUTING PARTIES.
Private Picnics, Hay Rides and
Moonlight Drives.
The sturdy mountain lads and fair moun
tain lassies of the Loma Prieta district, Santa
Clara County, enjoyed a delightful ride and
dance on tne evening of August 22. After
riding for several miles the jolly hay riders
repaired to Sunshine Villa, the country home
of Mr. Garretty. where a bountiful repast was
served.
Dancing was resumed and was pleasantly
varied by recitations, vocal, guitar and violin
solo.'.
Old Sol had made his appearance when the
happy, tired dancers departed more than
pleased with the, night's entertainment.
The following were among those present:
Mrs. K. Kuhn, Miss Liziie Kuhn, Miss Sadie
Madden, Miss Alice Kuhn, Miss Lena Kuhn.
Miss Marie Garretty, Lawrence Currsn, Eu
gene Currau, Hans Goertz, Herman Kuhn,
Herman Goertz, John Garreuy, Michael J.
Garretty. James Gould.
An enjoyable private picnic and outing was
given ou Smday, August 23, at Mill Valley
ty the Menlo Social Club. The affair was
under the auspices of Lewis S. Hess, assisted
by Sewall Goldstein. In tlie party were : Miss
Nensforaer, Misses Goldstein, Misses Strauss
Misses Choen, Mioses Stamper, Mrs. B. W.
Hess, Mr?. Ed Snell, Mrs. H. CHbomett, Miss
Bowen* Miss Cohen, Miss Stroucr, Miss Cols,
Miss Clark. Miss Little, Miss Rider, Mijs
Walker, Miss Ralston, Miss Rosethels; Messrs
A.Strauss, Salmon, Lenanthal, Dr. Clark, J.
Backman, Ab Cohen, Schiller, Blum, B. W.
Hess, Regensbnrger, L. M. Reynolds, Harris,
Blize, L. S. Hess, Cabornett, Ed Snell, L.
Snell, Sullivan and Norman.
ENGAGEMENTS.
Young People Who Contem
plate Matrimony in the
Near Future.
Mr. and Mrs. H. J. Levey announce the en
gagement of their daughter, Miss Birdie Levey,
to Charles A. Lipman.
The engagement of Miss Zinnella Elliot and
E. B. Lancelot San Rafael is announced. The
wedding will take place September 12 at the
home oi Mrs. F. P. Elliot, mother of the bride.
The engagement receptions of Miss Eva Har
ris and Ben Mayer will be held on Sunday,
September 6, at 828 Elizabeth street, and on
Sunday, September 13, at 1023 O'Farrell street,
from 2 to 5 p. m.
■-/;.. ■ • . . -
Hotel del Mar
Among the recent arrivals at Del Mar are:
C. M. Lorigan, Santa Clara; Mrs. L. Marquett,
C. M. Weber, Mrs. C. M. Weber and maid, Miss
Helen M. Weber, Cuarles M. Weber Jr., San
Jose; Mrs. B. Laogier, Mr. and Mrs. M X 801 l
Miss Virginia Bell, Stockton; Mrs. M E Pur
cell. Miss Purcell, Oakland; MUs A. M. Weir
Alameda; Rev. M. Col>-mau, Marysville' Rev'
J. P. Byrne, Rev. J. M. Gleason, John Kile
mede, San Francisco.
• « «
New Leather Goods, Ladies' Purse", ->'c for
fall trade are here. Sanborn, Vail & v.o. •
WEDDING BELLS
RING MERRILY '
Under Floral Canopies
Young Folks Plight
Their Troth.
William C. Borrell Wedded to
Miss Edith Ingels, a Hol
lister Belle.
German Society Attends the Nuptials
of Albert Ehrenpfort and Miss
Comihrens.
On Wednesday evening, August 12, at the
home of the bride's mother, 620 Steiner street.
Miss Rebecca Comahrens was wedded to
Albert E, Ehrenpfort; the Rev. Dr. Fuendeling
Officiating. The marriage was a very happy
one, uniting two of our oldest and most re
spected German families, and was a fitting
termination of a companionship existing be
tween the yonng couple from the time of their
earliest education. The spacious parlors were
tastefully and lavishly decorated with ever
greens and ferns.
Precisely at 9 :30 p. m. the bridal party formed
and to the strain of Mendelssohn's wedding
march entered the front paniors, where the
ceremony took place. First came the ushers,
Henry Comahrens, brother of the bride, and
Charles Schulz, then the bridesmaids, Miss
Ida Ehrenpfort, sister of the groom, and Miss
Emma Dellwie, attired alike in yellow silk and
white lace. The maid of honor, the bride's
sister, Miss Annie Comahrens, followed alone
wearing a cream silk dress trimmed with blue
satin. The bride came last, leaning on the
arm of her brother. She wore a gown of white
brocaded satin.
Her ornaments were diamonds, Including a
handsome necKlace, the gift oi the groom.
The groom was attended Dy his brother, G.
Ehrenpfort, who acted as best man. Imme
diately after the ceremony congratulutions
%vere in order and then the guests adjourned
to the banquet-hall, where a deligntfui supper
was served. At the conclusion of supper the
floor was cleared and dancing indulged in
until an early hour. During the evening mu
sical selections were rendered by a trio com
posed of Miss Ida Ehrenpfort and Messrs. C.
Schulz and H. Dietrich.
Mr. G. Enrunpfort also played several beau
tiful solos on the cornet.
Late in the evening the bride and groom de
parted amid a shower of rice ana shoes, and
left the following day for a tour of the southern
part of the State and New Mexico, whence they
returned on Thursday, August 27, having
thoroughly enjoyed tuelr trip.
Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Ehrenpfort have gone
housekeeping at 705 Hayes street.
The wedding of Miss Edith I. Ingels and
William C. Borrell was solemnized on the
evening of August 26 at the residence of the
bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Ingels, at
Hollister. Rev. J. M. Woodward of the M. E.
church performed the ceremony, at which only
the immediate relatives assisted. Mr. and
Mrs. Borrell are making their home in this
City and are located at 609Ji Grove street.
A pretty home wedding celebrated last Sat
urday evening at the home oi Mr. and Mrs.
J. T. Welby, 248 Harriet street, was that of
Miss Minnie Welby, the handsome daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Welby and niece of C. L. Welby,
and Will Provan, a prosperous and promising
young machinist.
Miss Eiln Welby, a pretty society bud and
sister of the bride, was bridesmaid, and Will
Gilmore officiated as best man.
The young couple left for Sacramento and
Woodland on a brief wedding tour.
Emperor William's latest fad is teleg
raphy, and he is spending several hoars a
week learning to send messages by dots
and dashes. He has already made con
siderable progress as an operator of the
key.
HEW TO-DAT.
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
MAGGIOiNI KID GLOVES.
The Greatest
Muslin
Underwear
Sale
EVER INAUGURATED.
OVER 20,000 PIECES
— — OF-
MUSLIN
UNDERWEAR
AT PRICES NEVER BEFORB
HEARD OF.
Every Piece Brand New
and Very Desirable,
COMPRISING:
Gowns,
Skirts,
Chemises,
Drawers
AND
Corset Covers
We have often quoted Low Prices,
but never before anything to equal
the values offered at this great sale.
CALL EARLY
Is the advice we give to
our regular patrons. It
will pay you to do so.
Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
NEWMAN & LEVINSON,
125. 127, 129, 131 Kearny Street.
I BKANCUSTOIUS-7 and 714 Market StSUPERVISORS ARE
BROUGHT TO BAY.
Must Be Tried on Charges
Made by the Grand
Jury.
DEMURRER OVERRULED.
Judge Seawell Ordered the Ac
cused Seven to Answer
at Once.
DICKINSON'S ORAL REPLY.
On September 23 the Day for Hearing
the Testimony in the Case
Will Be Set
Judge Seawell yesterday overruled the
demurrer of the Board of Supervisors to
the accusations of the Grand Jury, charg
ing them with conspiracy and corruption,
in reducing the tax assessments of several
corporations. General J. H. Dickinson, in
behalf of the Supervisors, made a general
oral denial of the accusation and asked
that he be allowed further time in which
to file an amended answer. He was granted
five days.
The accused will now surely be brought
to trial, September 23 being named as the
day on which the case will be set. A jury
will determine the merits of the accusa
tion. Following is the substance of Judge
Seawell's decision as to the demurrer:
The objections urged by defendants' counsel
In support of their demurrer to the accusa
tion may be brit fly stated as follows:
First— The facts constituting the alleged cor«
ruption in office are not stated.
Second — Several causes of action have been
improperly united.
Third— lt does not appear that the reduction
of assessments complained of vac made by the
Board of Equalization.
Fourth— The Board of Equalization had juris
diction of the matter of reducing the assess
ments, and its action is conclusive.
First — An aecusHtion in writing against any
county or municipal officer for willful or cor
rupt misconduct in office may be presented by
the Grand Jury of the county for or in which
the officer accused is elected or appointed.
(Penal Code, 758.)
The word "corruptly" imports a wrongful
design to acquire or cause some pecuniary or
other advantage to the person guilty of the
act or omission referred to or to some other
person. (Penal Code. sec. 7, sub. 3.)
In order to prove that an officer has acted
corruptly it is not, therefore, necessary to
snow a design or intent to acquire any pecun
iary or other advantage for himself. It is suf
ficient if it appears that he had the wrongful
design to cause a pecuniary advantage to some
other person. The allegation of the accusa
tion is that the reductions by defendants of
certain assessments were made with the in
tent to defraud the City and County 01 Pan
Francisco of a portion oi its revenue a"nd with
the willful and corrupt attempt to aid and as
sist certain corporations in evading their just
proportion of taxes due to said City and County
Mr the present fiscal year. The reduction of
the assessments being a pecuniary advantage
to the corporations I think that the accusation
sufficiently states the facts constituting tne al
leged corrupt misconduct.
..d— The rule that only one offense can
be charged in the same pleading is confined
to an indictment or information. (Penal
Code, 954.)
An lux-usation for misconduct in office is a
different and<listinct proceeding from that by
indictment or information. (Penal Code, 888
889, 890; in re Curtis, 108 CaL, 063.)
Section 7G2 of the Penal Code provides that
"the defendant may answer the accusation
either by o jecting to the sufficiency thereof
or of any article therein." Tins language im
plies that the accusation may contain more
than one article. The word "article" is evi
dently here used in the same sense as in im
peachment proceedings, which are the subject
of the next preceding chapter and to which the
present proceeding is analogous.
No good reasor can be assigned why the
people should not be permitted In one pro
ceeding to show all the acts of misconduct of
which the accused officer has been guilty No
matter how many such acts are alleged or
proved only one penalty gaii be imposed re
moval from office. It would certainly be op
pressive to the officer to be compelled to de
fend a number of separate proceedings when
one would suffice.
Third— The third ground of objection, as I
understand it, is that the accusation merely
sets forth that these seven defendants caused
the reductions complained of to be made, but
does not allege that the reduction was made
by the Board of Equalization.
The accusation alleges that at a meeting of
tbe Board of Equalization, held July 20
1896, all the defendants were present as mem
bers of said board, and constituted a majority
thereof and controlled iv action, and in their
official position as Supervisors and as mem
bers of said Board of -Eqnalization agreed to
the reduction of said assessments and altered
and changed such assessments and ordered
such change and alteration to be recorded by
the clerk of said board in a book kept for that
purpose, and that the assessment as reduced
now stands upon the books of the City and
County as the actual and full value of the
property assessed. It is not important for the
prosecution to show the regularity of the pro
ceedings. It iB expressly charged thßt by the
act of these defendants the assessments were
reduced.
Fourth— There is no question here aa to the
jurisdiction of the Board of Equalization or as
to the conclusive character of its order in re
ducing the assessments. Taxes can be col
lected only upon the assessments as reduced
but it does not follow that the defendants can'
not be prosecuted for official misconduct in
making the reduction. It is claimed that
there is no allegation as to the evidence pro
duced before the board and that it could act
only upon such evidf-nce. The case of San
Francisco vs. Flood, 64 CaL, cited by counsel,
holds that the board cannot raise an assess
ment except upon evidence. It does not decide
that the members ol the board may not or
should not act upon their own knowledge
in refusing to lower an assessment or
that it is their duty to be con
trolled by evidence which they know
to be false. The allegation of the accusation
is that, when they reduced the assessments,
the defendants well knew that any reduction
below the original assessment was greatly be
low the actual cash value of the property.
While the value of property is generally a
matter of opi lion, I am not prepared to hold
a-, a pro; osition of law that the rains of
property 01 the character mentioned in the ac
cusation and defendants' knowledge thereof
may not, at least within certain limits, be es
tablished as a fact by competent and convinc
ing evidence.
The defendants' demurrer to the accusation
will therefore be overruled.
The Judce then ordered General Dickin
son, the attorney lor the defendant?, to
pat in an oral plea to the accusation. He
denied all of the allegations and was al
lowed tive days in which to amend his an-
F*ver. The case was then set for tria lon
September 23.
F£RBY D-P 1 ■ UIT ENDED.
The Oregon Company Withdraw! Its
Opposition to Local tone.
*. California' stone will be used in the con
struction of the new ferry depot. The
Oregon Sandstone Company yesterday
withdrew its suit against the Board of
Harbor Commissioners to prevent j the
letting of the contract to the Colusa com
r8 The termination of the suit was as un
expected as it was welcome to the defend
ants. It was supposed that the matter
would be carried to the Supreme Court,
and that the. fight would bo .continued for
months. Now all obstacles have been re
moved, and work on me stonework will
be in as soon as the erection of the iron
ami steel IrameworK of the depot is com
:P lete . - , . ■'••-•• ■: *.
' ' ADcbcK's, 10 Kearny street, are now prepared
to do business with an entire new stock of mil
linery at low prices. Notice of opening day
Ut.-r. :
GOV. BUDD'S LATEST PHOTOGRAPH.
This picture was taken while the Governor was on his recent tour of inspection of bridges and
highways between Placerville and Tahoe, during which he was in the saddle contin
ually and traveled horseback for over a hundred miles. At Fallen Leaf Lake and
elsewhere the Governor had exceptionally good luck with the rod and line, and there
are some great fish stories in Stockton now.
ADDITIONAL SOCIETY NEWS
A delightful surprise party was given in t
honor of Miss Irene Morton at her residence I
on Hayes street last Saturday. The evening
was spent in dancing, singing and games. |
One of the features of the evening was a j
drama called "A Rejected Lover," in which
Misses Kittie McConnell, Beth Reilly, Ilaine
Carson and Harry Morton and Will Frazer
took parts. Westley Newman recited a poem
entitled "The Flying-Machine." "Answer"
was sung in three parts by Miss Maudie
Adams, Kit McConnell and Bessie Nelson. "I
Loved You Better Than You Knew" was sung
with great expression by Miss Beth Reiily.
Harry Morton sang, by request, "Only One
Girl in the World for Me." At midnight the
young people adjourned to the dining-room,
where a delicious supper was served.
A surprise party was given to Miss Elvira de
Pass by her friends, at ncr parents' residence,
844 San Pablo avenue. The aflair was in
honor of the young lady's eleventh birthday.
During the day she was visiting some friends,
and on her return in the evening l'ouud her
home artistically decorated with sweet peas
and smilax and surrounded by her many I
friends. The veranda was illuminated with j
Chinese lanterns. At 10 c jK>ck supper was !
served. Before the table was disturbed a flash
light photograph was taken by Professor Byers.
After the repast games and dancing followed.
The music consisted of three violins, cornet
and piano, leu by Professor J. Scheithe. Danc
ing was led by J. de Pass.
The guests were as foilows: Mr. and Mrs. de
Pass, Mr. and Mrs. Scheithe, Mr. and Mrs.
Lamoureaux, Mr. Byers, Mrs. Kirk, Mrs
Licenser, Mrs. English, the Misses Elvira and
Johanna de Pass, the Misses Cora and Eima
Scheithe, the Misses Fanny and Julia English,
the Misses Ida and Pearl Bedbury, the I
Mamie and Ida Lamoureaux, the Misses Ronie
and Hattie Klein, Miss Grace Coombe, Miss
Bessie Sturm, Miss Astrid Smith, Miss Florence
Same, Miss Lena Murbach. Miss Gertrude Wil
liams, Miss M. E. Kellett, Theodore de Pass,
John J. English, Dan Hughes, Arnold i
Adamina, Ralph Knight, Otto Murbach, ■
•ieorge Ingersoll, Alfred Pettigrove, Carl :
Scheithe, Henry Sturm, John Travas, Eugene
Lamoureaux.
On Saturday evening, August 21, a very en
joyable surprise party was tendered to Hit, J.
Tncmas at her residence, 121 Cortland avenue.
The evening was spent in dancing, games,
songs, recitations, etc. William Thomas fa
vored the guests with a number of songs, also
some comic recitations. Charles Brown ren
dered several vocal selections.
Among the invited guests were: Mrs. Joseph
Thomas, Mrs. J. J. Walsh oi Berkeley, Mrs.
Perry Burress, Mrs. Cummings, Mrs. Gtiogiey,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Sullivan, Miss Annie Cum
mings, Miss Maggie Thomas, Miss Mamie Con
nolly, Miss May Eldridsre, Miss Annie Con
nolly, Miss Estelle Gilogley, Miss Clara Mc-
Donald, Miss Kittio McGowan, Miss May Bur
reßs, Misi McArdle, Miss Lizzie Thomas, Miss
Nellie Cronan, Miss Teresa McGeary, Miss An
gie Thomas, Miss Lynn, Miss Teresa Lynn, Mrs.
Castle, Miss Edna Gilougley Miss White,
Miss Julia White, Miss Mamie Sandy,
Miss Archer, Miss Gilfeather, Miss Creigh
to;i. Miss Maggie Collins, Miss Annie
Collins, Miss Meggie Connolly, Miss Aggie
Johnson, Miss Mamie Thomas; Messrs. Charles
Brown, S. S. May, Al Weber, W. J. Black, R.
Rockwitz, Ed Lowrey, Will Thomas, T. Minni
han, Robert Gilogley, John Castle, Clarence
Nicholson, Leonard Thomas, Tom Cummins,
Mr. McLaney, Mr. Sandy, Samuel Thomas, Mr.
Floyd, Joe Lowrey, Arthur White, Will Lur
key, A. La Rue, Heury Brandon, Frame Mc-
Leod, Mr. Gilogley, Victor Burress, William
Seagrave, John Thomas. Mr. O'Connell, Mr.
Riley, Charles Nelson, Mr. Wi.son, Mr. Clan
cey, Mr. Patterson, Bert Fava, J. Boge and
many others.
Supper was served at midnight, and It was
at an early hour iv the morning when the
guests departed.
A very pleasant surprise party was tendered
Miss Nellie Olsen at her residence, 713 Fulton
DOWN THE GREAT YUKON
G. P. Athenour's Tour of the
Queer Mining Camps of
Alaska.
The Hard Life Which He Must B^ar
Who S:eks for Eiusive Grains
of Gold.
G. P. Athenour of Tacoma is at the In
ternational Hotel, after an extended tour
of the Yukon River and some of its tribu
taries. Mr. Athenour left for tne Yukon
on a gold-hunting trip last March. He
went in over Chilcat pass, and when he
got to the Yufebn made a twenty-four foot
boat by aid of a whipsaw, and he and sev
eral companions set out on the broad river
on their adventurous trip.
"We did not stop our explorations,"
said he to a Call representative yester
day, "till we had visite-i Circle City, Forty
Mile, McQuestins, Birch Creek arid some
other equally interesung places.
"At Circle City there were about 300
people, at Forty Mile about 200, including
the British soldiers at the post, and at
Birch Creek I snould say there were in
all 500 or 600 people. The men are scat
tered about a sjood deal and it is hard to
name the exact number.
"The houses all through there are made
of Jol-s, or properly speating are log
shacks. Tney can't use any other ma
terial even if they would, it Is so cold
there.
4 I prospected a good deal and got colors
wherever I was, but a man has got to eet
$15 ground before it will pay him to work,
it costs $10 a day there for labor.
"The thing that impressed me the most
was the utter impossibility of the indi
vidual to get more than the hardest kind
of a living. Such a thing as comfort can't
be got, for money won't buy it. It isn't to
be had.
"When it comes to things to eat every
thing simmers down to bacon, beans and
flour — these three things— and oftentimes
they are the worst that exist in the mar
ket. The bad needn't be accepted when
other is to be had; but then you have no
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER f>, 1896.
street, last Thursday evening. The time was
pissed very pleasantly with music, games and
dancine. At midnight the guests assembled in
the spacious aining-room, where an elaborate
supper was served. After supper dancing and
games were resumed and kept up until early
morning. Among those present were: Miss
Nellie Olsen, Miss Bessie Brown. Miss May T.
Sullivan, Mrs. Vezina, Mrs. Hettie Cornelius,
Mrs. Florence Sights, Mrs. Gertie Austin, Miss
Aline Maggie Johnson, Miss Saaie Winters,
Miss Mary Mclntyre, Miss Josephine Lucitt,
Miss Margaret Gallnher, Miss Annie O.Sulliv
an, Miss Nellie Mangan and many others.
A very pretty wedding took place on Wednes
day night, August 26, in St. Mark's Church,
the Rev. Mr. Fuendeling presiding. The con
tracting parties were Richard T. Kessler and
Miss Emma Michaelis, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. George Michaelis of this City.
The church was appropriately decorated for
the occasion. Miss Tillie Michaelis, sister of
the Dride, was maid of honor, Fred Plageman
officiated as best man, Miss Lottie Maier and
Miss Leonhardt were bridesmaids, and Fred
Fnink and Fred Widder ushers.
After the ceremony the guests drove to the
residence of the bride's parents, at 3117 Sac
ramento street, whore a brilliant reception
was held. The interior 01 the house was very
tastefully and artistically arranged ana a
string orchestra furni£he.l the music during
supper and for dancing. The maid ot honor,
best man, bridesmaids and usnurs were each
presented with a handsome and appropriate
souvenir of the occasion. Mr. and Mrs.
Kessler departed for Monterey the following
morning, and niter a few weeks' stay will re
turn to their new home in tnis City.
A very quiet but pretty wedding was cele
brated at St. Mary's Cathedral Tuesday morn
ing, when Annie Keefe, niece of Mr. and Mrs.
Franklin Mataon, was married to Michael
Hurley. MissTilMe Mahon made a charming '
bridesmaid and Mr. Nagle was best man. Rev. i
Charles Ramm officiated. After the ceremony
the relatives and bridal party returned to the
home of Mrs. Mahon on Eilis street, where a
delightful breaktast was served. Mr. and Mrs.
Hurley will spend their honeymoon at High
land Springs, Lake County.
William Keith and Carlos Hittell returned
home on Saturday from a sketching trip at Gil
more's, in the high Sierras.
Mrs. B. Ardizzi and her two daughters, the
Misses Etta and Millie Ardizzi, have returned
to their home in Kern, Kern County, after a
two mouths' outing in Santa Barbara and
other seaside resorts.
Mrs McLauKhlin, late of 1420 Taylor street,
has returned and is permanently settled at
1509 Golden Gate avenue.
Mrs Simon Hochstadter and the Misses
Frietleban will be at home at 1816 Broadway
on the second and fourth Thursdays of each
month.
Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Wilcox of 719 Guerrero
street have moved to Alameda, 2122 Buena
Vista avenue, Willow-street, station. At home
first aud third Wednesdays.
Vichy Springs.
Among late arrivals at Vichy Springs are:
From San Francisco, Hon. and Mrs. William
Broderick, Mr. and Mrs. Rounsevelle Wildman
and family, Mrs. Louis Aldrich, Mrs. George
Root, E. B. Dehay, Miss Alice Dehay, Miss
Etta Dehay, Miss Marie Louise McCowan, Mr.
and Mrs. A. h. Turner, Mr. and Mrs. Mowbray
R. Dundas, Donald Ross, Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Alverson, Senator and Mrs. J. H. Mahonev, J
S. Wheeler, S. EL Bayley. Mrs. X. Gerson/Mr.
and Mrs. M. B. Rothchild, Miss Rotnchild. Mrs.
Colonel Andrews, J. B. Warburton, F. A. Mar
riott; Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Hubbard, Miss
Western, Oakland; Mr. and Mrs. A. J.Pratt.
Callftoga: Mr. and Mrs. F. Murphy, Erooklvn;
Mis- .! ('-^ie Minor, Arcata; Mrs. F. Marriott^ E.
R. Marriott, Alameda; R. R. Curry, Ceres.
alternative— you can't get anything els e
and you can't possibly get along without
even this bad stuff. So you must take it
and be grateful.
"But the Alaska Commercial Company,
one of the two supplying coods there, is
very good in trusting' the miners. I knew
a man who left $500 with McQuestin, one
of the company's agents, and asked him
to send him that much goods ninety miles
in the interior. The goods didn't come
and the man afterward inauired why. He
was told that miners without money had
co tne for goods and that they had to be
furnished, but that he, having cash, could
get goods anywhere. 1 considered that
very commendable.
"On the whole, though, I don't care to
mine in Alaska."
CHARGED WITH MURDER.
Thomas I.lns ky Accused of the Killing
of Louis Best.
A Coroner's jury yesterday formally
charged Thomas Linsky with the murder
of Louis Best, who died at the Receding
Hospital, August 26, from injuries received
the night before. From the evidence in
troduced, it appears that Best was talking
to Mrs. Dubbers, 340 Ritch street, when
Linsky came along and without any
provocation whatever struck him in the
face. Linskv was arrested but released
soon after on $20 cash bail. Since that
time he has not been seen. The jury re
turned a verdict that Best came to his
death from blows administered by Linsky.
The Risdon Iron Works was censured in
the case of Patrick Gleason, who was
killed August 31. It appears that an inex
perienced man was allowed to handle the
chains and blocks holding the boiler-head
which finally fell and crushed the life out
of Gleason.
A verdict or accident was returned in the
case of 8-year-old John Staples, who was
found dead on berry street, between Sixth
and Seventh, last Monday night.
A Confidence <>ame.
Frank Brooks was arrested yesterday by
Detective Graham and Policeman W. Dinan
and booked at the City Prison on the charge
of petty larceny. Brooks is accused of being
the man who got $18 from S. Jacobson about
ten days ago by the usual confidence game of
getting a position for him, and having no
money to cash a check which a confederate
presented to him for payment while Jacobson
was with him.
Kalamazoo, Mich., Is famous for celery. See
Thomas Slater* advertisement on page 3£
CALIFORNIA TO
RAISE ELEPHANTS
Also Hippopotami, Lions,
Tigers, Camels and
Such.
ON A MERCED RANCH.
Unique Scheme of Lewis Sells
lor Propagating Wild
Animals.
THEY WILL ROAM AS IN NATURE
Five Hundred Acres in Hand and
Another Five Hundred to Be Se
cured for the Big Plan.
Lewis Sells, one of the proprietors of
Forepaugh <fc Sells Bros. Circus, owns 500
acres in Merced, and the firm is trying to
obtain 500 more acres to add to them.
Instead of raising fruit they will raise
animals. They have come to the conclu
sion that the climate of California is ad
vantageous for that purpose, and in view
of that fact are endeavoring to get animals
properly mated here. The firm has a man
in England, George O. Starr, engaged in
seeming animals. He has been an ex
tensive traveler in South Africa, East
India and throughout the world, having
made forty-two trips between America and
Europe. His whole time is devoted to
securing animals. The firm already has a
big stock.
First there is a pair of hippopotami, the
only pair any circus has. There are two
or three pairs of lions, of the African and
Asiatic variety; there are fourteen ele
phants, there are one pair of llamas, seven
camels, all sorts of antelopes, leopards,
one pair of tigers (Royal Bengal), one pair
zebras, one eland, one pair of nylghaus,
seven kangaroos, and specimens of all
kinds of wild animals.
The elephants will be placed in a retreat
representing as near as possible an African
jungle. They are the most secretive of ail
the animals and will not propagate in
public. There will be large cages built for
tue lions and timers, the floors of which
will be the ground, and in these cages
there will be compartments made of trees
aud tropical plants, so that aside from the
confinement of the grated cages the condi
tions wiil be almost identical with their
native lairs.
In a field inclosed by a sixteen-foot high
fence will be the places for the elands,
nylghaus, niger and other antelopes, and
in another the zebras, llamas and camels
will be raised where they will be broken
to work in ham. ss and to bear packs simi
lar to the work done by these animals in
their native country.
It is expected that tne camel ranch will
be a most profitable part of the enterprise.
Camels breed in captivity even better than
in their wild state, and will be invaluable
for use in sections of the country where
j water is scarce, and where it is impossible
j to diive mules, or where a railroad cannot
Ibe built. It is expected tua.t the deveiur-
I xner.t of mining in tne desert sections of
1 this country will give employment to large
I numbers of camels, and the demand for
them will be undoubtedly very great.
A whole flock of kangaroos \t ill be turned
loose, and i; will not "be strange if within
ten years California will become as noted
for kangaroos as Australia is at this time.
Tropical birds will be another feature. A
large amphitheater will be erected, covered
with glass, in which the birds will be
turned loose.
A large artificial lake will be made, the
water for which will be supplied from the
Hoffman-Crocker irrigating system, aud
the pair of hippopotami will be placed in
it, where they will be undisturbed for
montns at a time.
(ieorge Starr, who has been the foreign
agent of the Forepaugh-Sells Brothers
show and for the Barnum show, is ex
pected to arrive from Africa within the
next few days and will superintend the
enterprise. He has visited every country
on the globe and w'll brin^ a number of
natives irom Africa who will assist in the
work.
Over 1000 acres of land will be used and
natives will look after the work who un
derstand the habits and characteristics of
the animals. It is expected to supply the
zoological gardens and menageries of the
entire world from this only zoological
breeding ranch on earth, and it will be the
means of advertising California more than
anything yet introduced. Agents will be
sent to every part of the civilized world to
represent this enterprise and to sell and
trade new animals.
FORSYTES MAY DISCOVER.
Paralyzed, Blinded and Speechless the
Printer Has a Chance of Living.
Lying in his bed at his home, 1604 Lar
kin street, hardly able to articula'.e, with
out ihe use of his left eye, unable to
swallow, paralyzed in the right leg and
withal only panly conscious is George W.
Forsythe, who was struck on the left side
of the head Thursday forenoon by a
bundle of bottle-wrapt.ers wei^uing about
seventy-five pounds and precipitated a
nistance of fifteen feet from a platform
freight elevator at the Abramson-Heunisch
Company's, 26 Main street, wliere the un
fortuna'e man has been employed for the
last eight months in the printing depart
ment.
He and the porter, Patrick Hagan, who
lives at 10^ Clinton street, were standing
on the ground floor, Hacan lightly uold
ing the stop rope and Forsythe waiting
near the foot of the stairway about eight
feet away. The elevator was cominsr dow a
from the fourth floor loaded to its capacity
with bundles about the size and appear
ance of sacks of potatoes. A very slight
vibration of the platform as it passed the
last floor caused one of the bundles to
strike, and three of them were loosened
and they fell. Two struck Hagan and
forced him into the elevator pit, but ins
hold on the rope not only prevented a
more serious fall, but stopped the elevator
and probably saved his life. Yesterday ne
was up and about, though a little stiff and
sore from his experience, but he will re
sume work to-morrov:.
Forsythe's condition is critical but en
couraging. If hu lives he will probably re
cover the use of his impaired powers, but
if he goea into a comatose state there is no
hope. Dr. Robert S. Martin has been in
attendance upon the interesting case since
a few minutes after the accident and is
much encouraged at the outlook lor his
patient.
Misfortunes seem to bave come in a
series to the young anion printer. Within
the last year his wile ran away with an
other man and then committed suicide in
Los Angeles. Very recently his cousin
died, and a month ago he laid his mother
to rest.
The expenses are beine borne by the
company, their general accident insurance
to employes reimbursing them in all sucn
cases
Simon Koshland's Will.
The will of Simon Koshland, the pioneer
merchant who died on August 31, aged 71
years, was yesterday filed for probate. By the
terms oi the will, Joseph Koshland and Mar
ens Koshland, ■ ons of the testator, and Abra
ham Haas and Henry Sinsheimer, his sons-in
law, are named as ejceciUOK. • > '. • *■■■■■
The document declares that all the property
of which Mr. Koshland died possessed is com
munity property, and that it is his wish that
his wife should' have the same share as she
would have received in case he die i intestate.
To the Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
, Home Society $1000 is bequeathed, to the
Protestant Orphan Asylum $500 mid to the
Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum $500. The
balance of the estate is i left share and snare
alike to his children.
•—• — * — » ■ • - :
KORESH TOLD LECTURES.
He Discusses "The Coming Crisis"
Before a Curious Audience.
Cyrui Teed delivered a lecture Friday
evening in one of the fraternal halls of the
Foresters' building, 102 O'Farrell street,
before an audience that appeared curious
to hear him. His subject was, "The
Coming Crisis," and this he treated in a
philosophical and characteristic manner.
The hall was well filled, though the
theme and its treatment were plainly unin
teresting to many of those present. Mr.
Teed arrived in San Francisco last Sun
day and next day took up his abode with
some of his old friends. He will deliver
another lecture Sunday night in the same
hall.
MISS ELLIOT'S DIVORCE.
The Actress Wants a Separation From
Her Husband, George A. McDermott.
A divorce suit filed on May 20 last by
Jessie C. McDermott against George A.
McDermott turns out to have been brought
by Miss Maxine Elliott, as she is known
on t c stage. McDermott is the nime of
her husband, a New York attorney.
The parties were married in New York,
in 1894, but separated in a short time on
account of the attentions paid the wife by
a well-known baseball player.
Miss Elliott is now in Australia, a mem
ber of Nat C. Goodwin's company, who is
suing his wife for divorce. Rumor says
that if Doth are successful they will be
married.
MRS. SILVER'S DIAMONDS
She Has Her Partner, J. D. P.
Salvatore, Arrested for
Stealing Them.
Action Was Not Tiken Sooner, as
She Says She Was Afraid Hi
Might Xi 1 H>r.
Mrs. Rafalla Silver has at last mustered
up courage to have J. P. P. Salvatore,
alias Joseph de Luca, arrested on the
charge of grand larceny. She went to
Judge Joachimsen's court Friday morn
ing and swore to the complaint, and De
tectives Silvey and Reynolds arrested him.
Ke was released on $2000 bonds by Judge
Campbell.
Mrs. Silver has a husband in Central
America, but came here about two moDths
ago with h.er two children for the benefit
of her health. She made the acquaintance
of Salvatore, who has a restaurant and
lodj?ing-hou3e at 621 Bush street. He in
duced her to join him in the business,
alleging, as she says, that he made a profit
of between $400 and $500 per month.
She gave him $200 for her share in the
Business, but did not get any receipt or
any papers shoeing that she was a part
ner and she says she has never got a cent
out of the business.
On August 2G Salvatore sent word to her
tint he wished to see her in the dining
room. She left her room and went there.
He told her to remain for a few minutes
as he had to go upstairs. She became sus
picious and followed him. She saw him
go into her room and lock the door. She
was afraid he mi^ht kill her if she sur
prised him, as he had threatened to do so
before, so she returned to tne dining-room.
Salvatore returned 'n a few minutes.
She had not the courage to ask what he
was doing in her room, and after talking
for a few minutes he said 10 her she had
better go to her room, as he thought
thieves had broken into it. She went and
found that h*r diamond bracelet, valued
at $2000, and her diamond earrings, valued
at $700. had been stolen. She was going
for a policeman, but Snlvatore told her to
wait till next day and he would tell the
police. He did not do so, and since then
she has been afraid to take any steps, but
after she left the place a day or two ago
she lost her fear of him, and Friday swore
to the complaint.
Yesterday Salvatore appeared before
Judge Joachimsen and his case was con
tinued fora week.
»ew_ ■
From V.S. Journal of Medicine.
Fq Prof .W. H. Peeke,
A /(^ who makes a special-
■H 11 fGk y of Epilepsy, has
1 | without doubt treat-
m. JL lylkJ'ed and cured more
cases than any living
C^ Physician;
s his success
heard of
cases of 20 years' standing cured by
him. He publishes a valuable work
on this disease, which he sends
with a large bottle of his absolute
cure, free to any sufferer who may
send their P.O. and Express address.
We advise anyone wishing a cure
to address .
> rof.W.H.PEEKE ) F.D M 4CedarSt.N.Y. .
PCklehester'* Easllik Diamond UrmncL
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<S»"""V Original and Only Genuine. A
./Tfc-V^ •»re, »1w»t« rcii&bU. ladies uk /TV
>>.S\ V>-*§a Dragijtrt for Oiich'ster a rnqliak Dl*-*B*\
flfcjlPyfllßimonti Brand la lied and Geld meui;ie\Vs'
"rjV -^T^JjiWhoi" sealed with bio* ribbon. Take VST
TVj ¥^ Cyijno other. Rtfiu* danftmu rubttiff V
I / (W ti»n> and imitations. At Drugging, or wnd <•«.
* I W Jf in itampf for particular!. t»sUoenl»li and
\V* D " Relief fur Ladlea." in lttte~. by rctarn
— V If MaJL \ O,OO(> T'Uimanlnli. Kamt Paper.
. ~rChicbt«t«rCacmlealOe.,M»dl«oiiNqaar*
lol'bt «ULo««l Druulita. . . . i^liUJUl •*•»*»»
HEALD'S
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24« POST ST., SAN
Francisco — Bookkeeping, penmanship, - busi-
ness practice, shorthand (Pitman), typewriting,
telegraphy, modern languages, English branches
and everything pertaining to a business education
rapidly taught. Department of Electrical '. En-
gineering in operation. Individual Instruction. 20
teachers. - Night sessions. Students can commence
at any time. Thousands of graduates In positions.
Write for catalogue. .
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL,
99Q7 SACRAMENTO ST. — BOARD, ENS-
__f ' I llsh. perfect master}- of trench and Ger-
man, thorough musical training, dancing; $30 per
I month; new verm July 27; couch. ,
_ MISS ELIZABETH MOORE'S
T7IRENCH AND . - ENGLISH SCHOOL RE-
X 1 moved from 515 Haight st. 'to 230 ' Halght;
limited number of .boarders received; papUa pre-
, pared for college; term opens August & ■
XEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
ABONANZA FOR Hi
AT OXJR. GJ-PtEJ^T
CLOSING-OUT SALE OF $300,000 WORTH OF
FiNEDRY GOODS AND CLOAKS!
It will only require a glance at the following examples of the
STUPENDOUS REDUCTIONS with which our great Closing-Out
Sale begins the week to convince any one that THIS IS POSITIVELY
THE GREATEST MONEY-SAVING OPPORTUNITY OF THE AGE
and as such merits the attention of all who can appreciate CHOICE •
STYLES AND QUALITIES
\ AT I HALF AND LESS THAN HALF REGULAR PRICES!
- LADIES' CLOTH CAPES!
At d 1.50.
500 LADIES' CLOTH RIPPLE CAPES, lined with silk, beautifully braided and em-
broidered, neck trimmed with ribbon and chiffon, colors black, navy, brown and
tan, regular price $5, reduced for this special sale to $1 50 each.
LADIES' KID GLOVES !
At 35 Gents.
500 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in black only, regular value $1, will be closed
out at 36c a pair.
| LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS!
-A-t 3 Cents Each..
300 dozen LADIES' WHITE LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS, with Brabant Lace edge
.regular price $1 20 per dozen, reduced to 5c each. a
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
j&Jb 25 Cents.
72 pieces 38-INCH ALL-WOOL NAVY STORM SERGE, reduced from 40c to 25c a
yard. " ' i'iii
' .A.* 35 Cents.
64 pieces 50-INCH ALL-WOOL ENGLISH NAVY STORM SERGE, reduced from 75c
• to 35c a yard. : ■ ' -
SILK DEPARTMENT!
j&Jt 55 Cents a. Yard.
5000 yards BLACK BROCADED SATIN, large, handsome designs, regular price SI,
will be placed on sale at 55c a yard. '-'[ .' :;•••:
RIBBONS! RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
-A_t 5 Cents.
No. 7 ALL-SILK, SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBON, in assorted colors, will be
closed out at 5c a yard.
-A-t t 7ii Cents.
No. 12 2-INCH ALL-SILK, SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBON, in assorted colors,
. will be closed out at 7}£c a yard.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS.
At GO Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' WAISTS, made of good quality percale, in all fancy shades, latest
style goods, with bishop sleeves, worth $1 and $1 25, will be closed o"ut at 50c each.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' WAISTS. laundered collar and cuffs, "Stanley waist." all fancy shades
regular price $1 25 and $1 50, will be closed out at 75c each.
.At si.oo.
60 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, in dimities, lawns and striped
and figured percales, this season's goods, regular price $2 and $2 50, will be closed
out at $1 each. • - v
INFANTS' CAPS AND LADIES' SKIRTS.
• - ... At 25 Cents.
CHILDREN'S CAPS, made of embroidered silk, full ruche, silk strings, will be
ciosed out at 25c each.
j&L.~t ■ 5O Cents.
LADIES' TENNIS FLANNEL SKIRTS, cambric yoke band, colors pint or blue,
will be offered at 50c each.
MEN'S AND BOYS' FURNISHINGS!
-A.t m Cents.
95 dozen LARGE-SIZE LJNEN CAMBRIC COLORED BORDER HEMSTITCHED
HANDKERCHIEFS, warranted fast color, regular price $2 a dozen, will be closed
out at 73^c each. ••.;; : -' r
-At 1O Cents.
75 dozen 26-OZ. 84-NEEDLE SOCKS, full regulation length, very fine gauge, assorted
in Oxford mixed and li-ht brown, finished with a s)£-inch French ribbed top reg-
ular price 15c, will be closed out at 10c a pair.
At 25 Cents.
35 dozen BOYS' LATEST STYLE FAUNTLEROY BLOUSES, made of fine quality
fancy percale, with ruffled front, collar and cuffs, sizes 3 to 9, regular price 50c
will be closed out at 25c each. ;,.-.< *
HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR!
At 1O Cents.
175 dozen CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED BLACK COTTON HOSE, seamless, double
heels and toes, fast black, regular value $2 a dozen, will be closed out at 10c a pair.
A.t IS Cents.
200 dozen LADIES' FINE BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, high-spliced heels, doable
. soles and toes, fast black, regular value 25c, reduced to 15c a pair.
.At 25 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, heavyweight, unbleached feet,
double heels and toes, Hermsdorf black, regular value $4 50 per dozen, reduced to
25c a pair. '"..=;
At 35 Cents.
125 dozen LADIES' IMPORTED BLACK CASHMERE WOOL HOSE, high-spliced
heels, double soles and toes, regular price 50c, reduced to 35c a pair.
At 25 Cents.
75 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS, high neck, lone
sleeves, regular price 40c, reduced to 25c each.
At 75 Cezxts.
93 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED WOOL MIXED VESTS, high neck, long and
short sleeves; drawers to match; warranted non-shrinkable, regular price |1 re-
duced to 75c each.
At 81.00, &.V^
50 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED COTTON AND WOOL UNION SUITS, high
high neck, long sleeves, ankle length, non-shrinkable, regular price SI 50, reduced
to $1. .
CORSETS! CORSETS!
A.t 61. 00. r.VVr'i-'W';
75 dozen LADIES' BLACK SATEEN CORSETS, extra long waist,, high bust, two side
steels each side, made with patent loop eyelets, embroidered with colored silk
flossing, regular value $1 50, reduced to.
WASH GOO ! WAS GOODS!
gW The whole stock overhauled and prices cut almost in two.
All ovr CRINKLED SEERSUCKERS, ODDMENTS, - 31-INCH CHEVIOTS £ A
PERCALES, etc., that were 10c. On sale at .....:.. :..'..... OC
HEAVY TENNIS FLANNEL, a fair assortment, some worth B^c. On sale at >" a
• • - OC
Broken Lines of FINE IMPORTED DIMITIES, ORGANDIES, etc., that werelA A
20c and 25c. On sale at ..:........ JLUC
THE GENUINE LONDON PIQUE DUCKS, in black and navy grounds. On-lA,,
sale at.. :......... _ . IUC
: I ' ' '
SEE CHRONICLE and EXAMINER for Sales of BLANKETS and LINENS.
/ B/jßh**-^ MURPHY BUZLDINOt /
(/(/ Barrel Street, corner of im, /
2122
SUNDAY ..SKPTEMBKR 6, 1896
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Cai.t, one week, by carrier. 30.15
Daily and Sunday Cam., one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, fix months, by coal].. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Calx, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Cam , one month, by mail.. . .65
Sunday Cam., one year, by mail 1-60
»imi Call, one year, by mail ..'•' 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation ? If
I*, It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let It miss you lor you will
mis* it. Order! given to the carrier or left at
3Sutlne*a Office will receive prompt attention.
KO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE
710 Market Street, '
Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone 1......Ma1n-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
017 nay Street. : .
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
830 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lark;:? street: ©pen until 9:30 O'clock. .•:..
bW. comer Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
•Btll 0 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
lie Math street ; open until 9 o'clock
OAKLAND OFFICE
SOB Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Looms SI anil 88, M Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. i'OLTZ, Special Agent.
THE CALL PEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
108 PBEBIDKXT-
WILLIAH McKINLEY, of Ohio
1 OK TICK-PRESIDENT—
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
ELHCTION NOVEMBER 3. 1 596.
Another week nearer to victory.
JJryanism has become almost too thin to
cast a shadow.
McKinley might as well begin picking
out his Cabinet.
The only question now is the size of Mc-
Kinley's majority.
The people rest to-day by resting ■,
assured of Republican success.*
. .
Even among silver Democrats there are
many who won't vote for Altgeldism and
Popocrat fusion.
To-morrow ArKansas will vote and the
Democratic machine will count the ballots
in the usual way.
Senator Stewart has taken the stump ;
and is dodging not only the tariff but his
goldbug record in 1873.
The East is rejoicing that the hot
weather is over and before long it will be
howling about the cold.
The anti-Bryanites are called "Honor
Democrats" in the East and they deserve
the title equally in California.
The general effect of the Vermont vote
is shown by the fact that business is not
only feeling better, but doing better.
How can Democracy seriously hope to
fuse itself with Populism when it cannot
even fuse the Buckleyites with the Junta?
«
If Cleveland has fully determined to re
tire from home politics he might at least
do something to help the Cuban campaign.
That fusion doesn't work is not surpris
ing, for anything which tends to promote
free trade never does work in this country.
Bryan might make his swing around the
country profitable by arranging at differ
ent places for a lecture tour after all is
over.
Tom Watson stands waiting to be noti
fied with all the expectancy of a cat watch
ing a rat hole when there Isn't any rat
there.
It is becoming more evident every day
that McKinley will oe one of the Presi
dents whose names live as household
words among the people.
The campaign ol education is only
about half over and alreaay the people in
every section of the Union show proofs
that they have learned their lesson and
know how to vote.
With a State Fair, a Mechanics' ex
hibit and a campaign of education all run
ning in the interests of home industry, it
is a very dull man who cannot see pros
perity coming and a very indifferent one
who doesn't rejoice at the prospect.
As the Cza:, while making no speeches
on his tour, is causing more uneasiness in
Europe than Bryan in this country, it is
evidently of advantage sometimes to have
a man shoot off his mouth so that the
world can see he isn't too heavily loaded.
If the Palmer and Buckner Democrats
do not put up an electoral ticket in
every State in the Union they will be
come the laughing stock of the Nation.
Why did they put their candidates in tbe
field if they are not going to give them a
chance to run?
Li Hung Chang was surprised to iind no
statue of Grant at Washington, but if he
had thought a moment he would have
recognized that Washington itself stand
ing as the capital of the Union is a good
enough monument to the general who
saved the Union.
Chairman Bynum of the Indianapolis
convention declares Palmer and Bnckner
will receive 1,000,000 votes and while very
few people share this sanguine expecta
tion it would be generally gratifying to
find there are that many voters who can
be justly called good Democrats.
The passage in McKinley's letter of
acceptance — "The era of /econciliation
has come happily and the feeling of dis
trust and hostility between the sections
is everywhere- vanishing, let us hope never
to return" — is being widely quoted in the
South, and many a Southern man will
vote for McKinley as the champion of a
restored Union as well as of protection
and prosperity.
The appointment of a workingman on
the Republican electoral ticket will be re
ceived with no little gratification by the
party and the people generally throughout
the State. The Republican party being
the champion of protection to American
industry is essentially the party of \vork
mgmen, and it is altogether fitting tbat
one of them should be placed among
those who are to officially cast the vote of
>he State lor McKiuie j.
CITIZEN WILLIAM M'KINLEY
William McKinley is a typical American
in every way, but the distinguishing
characteristic of the man is his honesty 6f
purpose. In all walks of life he first
assures himself that the cause which be is
invited to espouse is rooted in right and in
justice, then he goes forward withadesrree
of earnestness and enthusiasm that invites
co-operation, even from those who are
inclined to hesitate. Not all public men
are as careful as is Major McKinley to
make the best interests of the people the
objective point in all public endeavor.
There is no honor nor glory in public
office for him unlesß in the administration
of the ofllce the conditions of the people
are bettered. What be is and his high
standing in the opinions of men are his
because his integrity has stood the test of
war aud peace and active political life.
The highest compliment that could be
paid to Major McKinley would be to say,
which is true, that he needs no apologist
tor any act la his private or public life.
Major McKinley's nomination was be
cause the people demanded that he should
lead them. The leaders of the party were
not consulted by the people, and there
was no occasion to consult them, for they
had caught the suirit of public sentiment
long before tlie convention was held. It
may be said that as soon as the people
realized how disastrous to their business
interests the repeal of the McKinley act
was they determined that not only should
the prosperity which came with the meas
ure be restored, but that it should be re
stored under the leadership of the man
who bad demonstrated that his theory of
government was essentially right.
It is true, therefore, that while Major
McKinley is the nominee of the Repub
lican party under and according to the
strict usages of the party's conventions
he is also the choice of very many who
hitherto have opposed the party he rep
resents. That is to say, he is close to the
people without reference to party ties,
and for this once at least the party he
represents will gather strength from op
posing parties, because the peoule like
and have faith in its candidate. Never
before in its history did the Republican
party hear leading men of itspld enemy —
the Democratic party — say to it, "1 wish
you well." Nor did it ever before listen j
to praises for its candidate from men I
whose chief object in their political life
has always been to belittle its leaders and
to move heaven and eartli to_ defeat its
candidates. This change in public senti
ment and the tendering of good-will by
distinguished Democrats is a tribute to
tlie splendid character and* lofty manhood
of Major McKinley as the highest type of j
the true citizen and tbe worthy sovereign, j
''Frt? tUver uill not increase the demand
for Hour uhcat or make a iiitfle nfw eon
turner. You don't get consumers through the
mints. You get them through the factories.
You will not get them by increasing the cir
culation of money in the United States; you
toili only get them by increasing the manu
facturing establishments in the United
State*? '—McKinley.
A GOOD APPOINTMENT.
Colonel Crocker having doubts as to his
eligibility, the executive committee yester
day appointed D. E. McKinlay on the
Presidential electoral ticket in his stead.
Mr. McKinlay is a house-painter of Santa
Rosa and is an active party worker. In
appointing Mr. McKinlay the executive
committee give only what was due to
labor. If there is a class of people who
are more interested in the election of
Major McKinley than another it is tbe
working class, and although working
men would have gone right along in the
good work for protection anyway, no
doubt the appoiutment of one of their
number to the position of elector will
stimulate them to greater exertion.
Mr. McKiniay has the reputation of a
good campaigner, and he has the confidence
of bis fellow-workingmen. The.-*e are
essential qualities, and the mantle which
was intended for Colonel Crocker could
not have fallen upon worthier or stronger
shoulders. The party will expect most
satisfying results from tbe change, and it
is safe to say tbat it will not be disap
pointed. There is much need of better
organization in the circles of working
men, and no donbt Mr. McKinlay will do
a good deal in that direction.
All parties lean upon the arm of
workinmnen clubs, especially are such
clubs relied 11 pou to secure v good turn
out to public meetings. They are gener
ally composed of strong and vigorous men
who enter into the spirit of a campaign
with a great deal of enthusiasm ; besides,
they do not get "tired," nor are they
afraid of a little rain or mud. In this par
ticular campaign workingmen have
every reason to work with a will for the
success of the ticket, for upon tbe elec
tion of Major McKinley depends oppor
tunity to get work at just wages. Should
he be defeated free trade would surely fol
low, and as that would mean the adoption
in America of the cheap labor wage
schedules of Europe or the shutting down
of our industries, workingmen should
make it a matter of personal interest and
do every honorable thing that is likely to
avert such a distressing condition for
themselves as the election of Bryan would
certainly bring upon them.
"Remember that this contest to-day is not
between bimetallism, and monometallism.
That subject would bear discussion. This
contest is between silver monometallism,
which we h ave not, and gold monometallism,
which we have." — Tom Reed.
INTERNATIONAL BIMETALLISM.
In the early Btages of the campaign the
Democratic and Populist orators en
deavored to make the people believe the
Republican party advocated the perma
nent maintenance of tbe single gold stan
dard. This effort was easily battled by the
publication of the Republican National
platform, pledging the party to promote
the free coinage of silver by international
agreement. Foiled in their first attack,
the silver monometallists now seek to
confuse the public mind as to what is
meant by international bimetallism, and
for that purpose resort to pretty nearly
every form of misrepresentation that in
genuity can devise.
This second form of attack, while more
cunning than the first, is not likely to be
more effective. It will be remembered
that when Harrison was President an'in
ternational conference on the money ques
tion was held at Brussels, and the work
preliminary to tbe solution of the prob
lem was fairly accomplished. The con
ference adjourned in the expectation of
being called together again In the suc
ceeding year, and everything promised a
successful completion of the tasK. Before
the conference could be called again, how
ever, Harrison went out of office and
Cleveland went in. The Democratic
President not only neglected to take the
initiative in calling the conference, but
actually refused to tio so even after Con
gress tiad instructed him to call one.
With this hostility on the part oi' the ad
ministration to the subject nothing of
could be done by Congress, aud (
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1596.
European nations, seeing our Govern
ment adverse to a movement for the re-
monetization of silver, did nothing, for
the plain reason that nothing of value
could be done without our co-operation.
The pledce of the Republican platform
to promote free coinage by international
agreement which McKinley cordially in
dorsed in his letter of acceptance is con
sistent with the Republican statesman
ship of the past. McKiuley will take up
the work where Harrison left it off, and
will do that which Cleveland refused to
do. All this is a matter about which
there should be no dispute, and there
would be none if tne Democrats ami their
Populist allies did not believe they could
confuse and fool tbe people by persistent
misrepresentations. They argue as if
there could be no international agree
ment simply because Cleveland did
nothing to advance it. They ignore all
that was done by Harrison, make no refer
ence to the Brussels conference and speak
of international bimetallism as if it were
something they had never heard of be
fore.
There can be no question that an inter
national agreement for tbe free coinage of
silver can be attained by the next admin
istration of this country if that adminis
tration is in the bands of statesmen sup
ported by a resolute and harmonious
party. There is a strong and growing
sentiment in favor of bimetallism not
only in France and Germany, but in
England itself. The statesmen and finan
ciers of the world realize that a return to
bimetallism cannot be accomplished with
safety, if at all, by any single nation.
One must find a boy orator, a silver-mine
owner or a Ehallow demagogue to get an
advocate of free silver coinage at the ratio
of 10 to 1 without the concurrence of other
nations. Business men know that such
action on onr part would mean a dis
turbance of industry in comparison with
which the panic of 1893 would be as
nothing, and therefore they favor inter
national agreement, therefore tbey sup
port tne Republican party, therefore they
will vo.e for McKinley.
Not even the howst believer iii a silver
ftiimlaril or-the most enthusiastic bimetallixt
can, if he be a patriotic citizen, conscien
tiously support the forces of political anarchy.
The advocacy of free-silver coinage by Bryan
and many of his adherents is only a cloak for
the spirit of revolution behind. — Ex-Governor
Flower.
WHAT BRYANISM MEANS.
So far as Bryan is personally concerned
there is no doubt that this is a campaign
jof education. He is learning new ways
i every day how to contradict himself and
to otherwise e.rpose his ignorance —or
something worse. The other day he railed
against the railways of tbe couutry for
combining against the public in the way
of maintaining high traffic tariffs when
there nas been a large decrease in the mar
ket price of all kinds of commodities.
Without ever trying to justify railway
charges that are higher than the traffic
i should be made to bear, it is but fair to
refute Bryan's untruthfnl declarations by
showing that no commodity has decreased
in value as much as railway freight rates
! have been lowered.
In the Ja-it report of tbe National Board of
i Trade, which is a non-partisan body of
l business men, there may be found a table
devoteu to railway traffic tariffs since 1865.
The table averages the rates on thirteen of
the principal roads, and the results ob
tained are upon the basis of the rate for
carrying one ton one mile. In 18G5 the
rate per ton per mile was 3.03 cents; in
1870, 1.81 cents; in 1878, 1.3G cents; in 1880,
1.01 cents; in 13*5, 0.83 cent; in IS!X>, 0.77
cent; in 1893, 0.70 cent. In 1860 freight
rates were over 3 cents for hauling
a ton a mile, aud now they are practically
three-quarters of a cent for the same num
ber of pounds and distance.
It is not honest of Mr. Bryan to try to
set the farmers against the railways by
such gross perversion of facts, the more so
because not many farmers try to post
themselves concerning changes in railway
traffic tariffs. A man who would delib
erately distort facts for his own political
gain ia hardly a lit man to trust with the
affairs of the people. If Mr. Bryan is
ignorant of the great reductions in freight
rates in recent years all the more does he
prove himself a demagogue by talking
learnedly about things he has no knowl
edge of. It i 9 very clear that he is dis
honest or ignorant.
He also tells his farmer audiences that
"Our opponents are trying to throw upon
providence the faults of your condition.
If the farmer complains he is not mating
much on his potato crop they teil him it
is due to the potato bug. If he is not
making much out of his corn they tell
him it is due to the chinch bug. If he
is not making much out of his wheat they
tell him it is due to the army worm. But
let me tell you the gold bug is destroying
more crops than all of them."
It is hard to understand bow an honest
man would employ such language, but it
is easy enough to understand now* one
who was trying to inaugurate a war
of classes would try to make it appear
that "gold bugs," as Mr. Bryan calls all
who are opposed to silver monometallism,
are more hurtful to the farmer than po
tato bugs or chinch bugs, for if such talfe
means anything it means that farmers
should no more hesitate to kill a "gold
bug" than they would to kill a potato bug
or a chinch bug.
We &re not willing to believe that the
people will take kindly to Mr. Bryan's ef
forts to inaugurate a civil war. We do
not believe Mr. Bryan reflects the senti
ments of any considerable number of his
own party, but it is the fact that he has
the sympathy and backing of those who
would dominate his administration, and
consequently the people may be assured
that it will be his aim to put his un-Amer
ican theories in practical operation if he is
elected. It is unfortunate for the peace
and dignity of the country that it should
be confronted by an effort to create feel
ings of hatred in the hearts of the people
—the one hating the other— for it will end
in political and social chaos unless the
people rise up in the majesty of their
sovereignty and forbid it.
Four years ago the country was at tfie end
of thirty years of unexampled prosperity .
The Democrats claimed that free trade would
bring still greater prosperity. The country
tried it and the people lost more than the cost
of the Civil War, more than six billion dol
lars. The Democrats now propose free silver
to bring prosperity. Will people adopt the
proposition of the same parly that fooled
them four years ago t— Hon. Nelson Dingley
of Maine. ___^__^^__^_
LABOR AND IMMIGRATION.
For the protection of the equality of our Amer
ican citizenship and of the wages of our working
men against the fatal competition of low-priced
labor, we demand that the immigration laws be
thoroughly enforced, and so extended as to exclude
from entrance to the United States thoie who can
neitner read nor write.— Republican National
Platform.
Although all oar people are deeply in
terested in the question of foreign immi
gration, wage-earners are particularly 80.
Illiterate and vicious immigrants are not
wanted, but sober, frugal and industrious I
people will always find a hearty welcome. I
The country wants home-makers, but it }
does not want such as would be a tax
upon homes, nor do we want foreigners
who would not help maintain the high
character of American labor, both in
moral sense aud determination to let it
never be said in truth that America is a
cheap-labor country. Tbe standard of
wages and the encouraceraent to home
building in America is not equaled in any
other country in the world, because
American labor will have it so.
Ihe Republican platform declares with
emphasis that foreigners who can neither
read nor write shall be excluded, but it
means a good deal more than that. It
means the prohibition of the introduction
of any foreign system, wage schedule,
standard of right or plan of operation that
would tend to lower the American stan
dard of citizenship. While the Repub
lican party would under no circumstances
permit American labor to be degraded, it
holds it to be its duty to broaden and
strengthen labor's opportunity to so es
tablish itself that when the rainy day of
life comes it will find that its own surplus
accumulation ia more than enough.
The Republican party is a party of wage
earners, and it could not if it would do
that which might in any way injure one of
its own. Protection against invasion by
the product of foreign cheaD labor is in
line with its purpose to protect American
labor against foreign cheap labor itself.
The necessity for excluding men who
would come here and lower the schedule
of wages and standard of living is appar
ent, but that would avail us very little if
we permitted them to supply our markets
without let or hindrance with cheap labor
products from their own country. The
very essence of opportunity in America to
have and to enjoy the full of one's labor is
protection against hurtful competition
from other lands, be it in the shape of ob
jectionable persons or the product of de
graded labor, and to secure this and to
make it permanent is the mission of the
Republican party. That is why all intelli
gent labor may be found supporting Major
McKinley. He stands as American labor's
accredited representative before the world.
The issues are more important than any be~
fore «* since the war. Then it was the in
tegrity of our territory that vns threatened,
now it is the integrity of our National honor
and credit and tlie preservation of the safe
guards of our constitutions. It is an issue
between honor and dishonor, between confi
dence and distrust, between enterprise and
stagnation, between a demand for labor and
enforced idleness, between the opportunity to
earn a good dollar and a email chance to earn
any dollar at all, belwem good credit and
bad debt, bntu-fen honesty and dishonesty, be
tween good business sense atul tlue rankest
kind of financial ftcrrjy and folly, between
progress and prosperity on the one hand and
untold distress and. disaster on the other.—
Senator Proctor.
FARMERS AND FREE TRADE.
It is shown in the local columns of to
day's Call that free trade has done vast
injuries to the farmers of California and
of the Union; that agriculturists fail and
suffer In their affairs when manufacturers
are forced to suspend business, as they
have had to do under Clevelandism.
A study of the question shows that the
American producers' market is and roust
be at home, and that whatever breaks
down his customers here leads to hope
less ruin to the producer in every field.
The farmers of the West are beginning
to see that they need protection and that
the Wilson bill is responsible for much of
their ruin.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, K. V., Sept. 5.-Mr. and Mrs.
George E. Wilson and child, Miss Minnie
Sehafnet and Miss Alma Frank of San Kafael
will sail on the North German Lloyd liner
Havel for Bremen. Mr. and Mrs. Victor Eu
glnger, who were to sail on the Hamburg-
American liner Xormannia last Thursday , post
poned their trip to sail on the Havel. At the
Plaza, J. H. Pomeroy ; Grand Union, J. N. Ath
erton; Imperial, E. J. Bates; Barthoidi, O. C.
Schumerfort; Grand, B. M&cDonald. Mrs. M.
F. Childs, Miss Grace Donnelly, Miss Henrietta
Donnelly of Oakland and Mr. C. Wraggle
sailed on the CuuarderEtruria for England.
Mrs. E. VV. Britt, Miss Constance and Miss
Agnes Britt left the Plaza to sail for England.
AN ELEVEN GORED SKIRT FOR
SILKS
The most satisfactory way of makiug me
handsome skirts of silk and satin now so much
worn is with several (tores, so that each gore
can be cut out of one breadth of the material
in oue piece. Where fewer gores are used
they are 01 necessity wider and the silk or
satin must be pieced out to get the width.
A skirt which is six and a half yards round
the foot and has eleven gores is shown above.
It is designed especially for silks and narrow
labrica, none cf the gores measuring more
than twenty-two inches at the widest part.
It is a delightfully graceful skirt, and looks
equally well in any fabric, and never geta out
of shape, as the gores ar» cut with a Straight
edge to meet a bias one at all the seams, ex
cepting in the back, where the gores are
straight through the center with a stay at each
seam. -
A skirt of Dresden silk in reseda green with
bright-colored flowers and leaves in shadowy
outlines, and narrow stripes of black satin at
intervals of two inches, was worn with a black
satla coat of the Louis XVI style. This had a
vest of chiffon which harmonized with the
skirt, having the same design of roses and
leaves woven , in. A bright green, satin
stock with four larger loons at the back fin
ished the neck, with a belt of the same at the
full vest front.
A skirt of white taffetas with narrow black
stripes i* ad a two-inch band of black satin
ribbon down each seam. This was overlaid
}™ n * J?* y wnlt » band of lece not quite so
t>,?.H « c effect was chic in the extreme,
this being worn with a waist to match.
A skirt of black grenadine linen with tender
seam green b a V l ** lll * ol the Bl } k at each
A black satin skirt had a handsome applique
ornif?,* 1?. Jet and green - spangles, which
crossed the foot .of the front breadth and
reached to the waist in a graceful tapering de
sign over the seams of the front breadth. -
borne of the new skirts are trimmed with
narrow braid at the foot, set on in straight
rows, or forming a small design at each seam.
rour of the eleven gores in this skirt are
gathered at the back, or may be laid in bo*
Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Carnegie have arrived
at Cluny Castle, .EUngussle, where during the
coming season they will entertain a succession
ol guests, British a.ad Americaa,
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Among the arrivals at the Palace a day or
two ago was Henry Bratnober, known over
the country in mining circles, and who has
been interested directly or remotely in and
made reports on many mining properties.
Mr. Bratnober has been absent for nearly
two years. He set out first for the great gold
fields of Coolgardie and Kalgonie, in West
Australia, and after seeing them he went to
London.
He remained there some time in connection
with important mining transactions, and then
went to Johannesburg, South Africa. He has
been there and in other camps ever sinoe, and
Henry Bratnober, the Widely Known Mining Man. Who Has Returned After a
Long Absence in West Australia and South Africa.
[SkelcJied from life by a "Catt" staff artist.]
returned here, after his long absence, thor
oughly impressed with the superiority of the
climate and other advantages of California for
mining.
Mr. Bratnober has been having several con
ferences witJi old mining friends. lie will
probably be in the City for some time.
PERSONAL.
Dr. S. E. Winn of San Diego is at the Lick.
G. C. Freeman, a lawyer of Fresno, is here.
E. D. Horn, the vtneyardlst, of Napa, is in
town.
Er. P. Smith, of the State asylum at Napa, is
in the City.
Kx-Attorney-General R. M. Clarke of Nevada
is in the City.
E.Tubbs, a large land owner of Yreka, is at
the Cosmopolitan.
P. Scherbarum, a business man of Sonora,
Mexico, is in town.
I. Dannenbaum, the merchant, of Vallejo,
arrived here yesterday.
Captain J. J. O'Connell of the United States
army is at the California.
B. W. Churchill, the banker, of Napa, it
spending a few days here.
John S. Dore, the Populist politician of
Fresno, is in the City again.
J. Relay, a business man of Napa, is at the
Cosmopolitan, with his wife.
' John L, Hudner, an attorney of Holliater,
San Benito County, is at the Lick.
County Assessor D. F. McPhail of San Benito
Is among the recent arrivals here.
George S. Gould, owner of an extensive cattle
ranch near Imsdale, Is at the Russ.
Frank Sablchi. a wealthy orange-grower of
Los Angeles County, is in the City.
L. A. McCabe, a prominent resident of San
Luia Obigpo, is at the Cosmopolitan.
H. A. McCraney of Sacramento, deputy Clerk
of the Supreme Court, is in the City.
R. English and wife, prominent residents of
Arroyo Grande, are at the Cosmopolitan.
Tom T. Lane of Angels Camp, superintend
ent oi the Utica gold mine, is at the Palace.
J. P. Dv Fresne, a mining and business man
of Cnlican, Mexico, is among recent arrivals.
R. Stafford and J. Striscner, rich lumber
dealers of Eureka, Cal., are at the Cosmopoli
tan.
G. B. Hubbard, a leading dairyman of Fern
dale, Humboidt County, is quartered at the
Russ.
Librarian H. C. Nash of Stanford University,
so long private secretary to Senator Stanford'
it at the California.
Rhys Thomas, the noted comic-opera singer,
who is nnder engagement at the Tivoli, arrived
here from London yesterday and Is at the
Baldwin.
Mrs. Charles M. Shortridge and Dr. and Mrs.
Winslow Anderson have returned from High
land Springs, where they have been sojourning
during the past week.
B. C. Chambers, tbe millionaire, of Utah, who
owns large interests in the celebrated Ontario
mine, and who is proprietor of the Salt Lake
Daily Herald, is among the recent arrival!
here.
United States Minister Macgrane Coxe of
uuatemala, who has just been appointed to
succeed the late Minister, P. M. G. Young, who
died in New York, arrived here yesterday and
is at the Palace.
C. 6. J. W. Pierce, grand master of the Grand
Consistory of the State of California, has gone
on a trip to Vera Cruz, Mex., and New York on
official Masonic business. He will be absent
about two and a half mouths.
John Savage, formerly a hardware merchant
in Berkeley, and of late years a miner in South
ern Oregon, is on a visit here. He says his
brother, Joseph Savage, who is well known
here, is engaged in newspaper work in New
York.
£. F. Schumacher, the original locator of the
Bald Eagle mine, fifty miles south of Juneau,
and long the owner of that property which he
recently Kid, it la Mid, lor $50,000, is in the
Bity. He has lately been examining mines in
British Columbia.
Starter James B. Ferguson of the new Oak
land track, and so long connected with the Bay
District course, has returned here from his old
home in Kentucky and is at the Grand.
W. H. Howard of Buluwayo. South Africa,
who has been examining the gold mines of
Trail Creek and Slocan, B. C, for some time
past, left here yesterday for ihe Dark Conti
nent. He says he will henceforth make his
home at Buluwayo.
Among the arrivals here is the Countess yon
Schlutterbnch of Germany, who is accom
panied by her uncle, Colonel Bentzoni, ot the
United States army, Los Angeles. The Count-
ess has been seeing different parts of Call
fornia lor some months.
TAXATION WITHOUT REPRESEN
TATION.
Is taxation without representation any less
tyrannical and humiliating to women under
our Democratic-Republican Government to
day than it was to men under their aristocratic
inonarchial government one hundred and
twenty years ago? There is not an utterance
of old John Adams, John Hancock or Patrick
Henry but finds a living response in the soul
of every intelligent, patriotic woman of the
Nation. Bring to me a common-sense woman
property-holder and I will show you one whose
soul is flred with all the indignation of 1770
every time the taxgatherer presents himself at
her door. She feels, her condition of servitude
as galling as did James Otis when he said :
"The very act of taxing exercised over those
who are not represented appears to me to be
depriving- them of one of their essential rights,
and, if continued, seems to be in effect an en
tire disfranchisement of every civil right. For
what one civil right is worth a rush alter a
man's property is subject to be taken from
him at pleasure without his consent? If a
man is not his own assessor in person, or by
deputy, his liberty is gone or he is wholly at
the mercy of others."
What was the three-penny tax on tea or the
paltry tax on paper and sugar to which our
revolutionary fathers were snbjected when
compared with the taxation of the women of
this State? To show that disfranchisement is
precisely the slavery of which the fathers com
plained I will cite old Ben Franklin, who in
those olden times was admitted to be good
authority, not merely in domestic economy,
but in political as well :
"They who have no voice or vote in the elec
tion of representatives do not enjoy liberty,
but are absolutely enslaved to those who have*
votes and their representatives; for to be en
slaved is to have governors which other men
have set over us, and to be subject to laws
maae by the representatives of others without
having had representatives of our own to give
consent on our behalf."
Is there a man who will not agree with me,
that to talk of freedom without the ballot is
mockery— is slavery — to the women of this
Bute?
In the most celebrated document which has
been put forth on this side of the Atlantic, our
ancestors declared that governments "derive
their just powers from the consent of tbe gov
erned." Blackstone says:
"The lawfulness of punishing such criminals
(i. c., persons offending merely against the
laws of society) is founded upon this princi
ple; that the laws by which they suffer were
mado by their own consent; it is a part of the
original contrac t into which they entered
when first they c ngaged in society; it was cal
culated tor and nas long contributed to their
own security."
Eminent writers on government, both Eug
lisn and Americ an, have promulgated similar
doctrines from tbe time of John Locue to the
pr erent day. I claim tbat in this doctrine of
the consent of the governed there is implied
the narrower and unassailable principle that
all citizens of a State, who are bound by its
laws are entitled to an equal voice in the
making and execution of such laws. The
doctrine is well stated by Godwin in his
treatise on "Political Justice. " He aay s :
"The first and most important principle
that can be imagined relative to the form and
structure of government seems to be this
that as government is a transaction in the
name and for the benefit of the whole, every
member of the community ought to have some
share in us administration. To give each man
f rt V ?w a < P u p u ° concerns comes nearest
to that admirable idea of wnion we should
never lose sight, tbe uncontrolled exercise of
private judgment. Each man would thus be
inspired with a consciousness of his own im
portance, and the slavish feelings that shrink
up the soul in the presence of an imagined
superior would be unknown."
K nu h !h dOCt r ne . huproducedM • natural re
!?i »>! c « tensi , oa of the right of suffrage to
all the adult mala population; a result which
was well expressed by Lincoln in the phrase,
"government by the people for the people."
Ther« is no grouad conjiatent wila the prln
ciple on which the franchise has been given
to all men upon which it can be demea to
women. Susan B. ANTHONY.
THE MEETING
DID NOT STAMPEDE.
f?an trancisco Post.
The story of how B. M. Shortridge captured
the Bryan'ites in Los Angeles last Saturday
night has been told up here and it shows that
the orator kept his wits about him during the
effort that was made to stampede the meeting.
Chairman Henry T. Gage then introduced
Hon. Samuel M. Shortridge of San Francisco.
The announcement of Shortridge's name
caused a tremendous ovation to be accorded
that gentleman, says the Los Angeles Express.
With his vest unbuttoned and wiping hi 3
face with an immense silk handkerchief, the
tall orator of the land of fogs and wind stepped
forward. He gracefully acknowledged the
compliment. Shortridge made a saJly about the
climate which put all the auditors in good
humor. He announced that the presence of
the great and magnificent assembly assured a
splendid victory lor McKinley in November.
The entire speech of Shortridge'a was punctu
ated with applause and cheering. The inef
fectual plan of the Populists to stampede the
meeting was defeated by Shortridge, and he
caught the Bryanites on one of the cleverest
oratorical tricks ever heard in this city.
Turning to the part of the gallery in which
the obstreperous Bryanites were located, he
asked :
"You all love this flag above as I do. la not
that so?
"Yes, yes," replied the ciacque.
"And you respect and revere the constitu
tion of the United States?"
"Yes, we do."
"Then what do you think," thundered the
speaker, "of a party that denounces the Presi
dent for protecting that flag and upholding
the constitution?"
The audience roared its approval of the
speaker, and he was interrupted no more, and
when he concluded his peroration there was a
long-continued and magnificant ovation.
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street
TowNSEyD's California glace fruits, 50c lb.
in Japanese baskets. t>27 Market St.. Palace. *
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping .bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. »
The Mining; Kevival.
Marysville Appeal
According to the San Francisco Mininr and
Scientific Press there is a very large increase
in the number of miners employed In the
gold mines oi this State. With the revival of
gold mining many abandoned districts have
come to the front and deserted towns given a
new lease of life.
Are You Going East?
The Atlantic and Pacific Bail road— Santa F«
route — is tbe coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, o-.vin-j to its elevation and absence from
alkali dust. Particularly adapted for the trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
can, which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and in
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. San
Francisco Ticket office. 644 Market street, Chron
icle building. Telephone, Main 1531. Oakland,
1118 Broadway.
All lovers of the delicacies of the table use Dr.
Siegert's Angostura Bitters to secure a good
digestion.
The great popularity of Ayer*s Pills is due to
their universal usefulness and their freedom from
all injurious Ingredients.
If afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Eye Water. Imigglsta sell It at J5 cents.
Fall styles standard Patterns, catalogue free.
"Domestic" office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
Mills and Mint*.
Lodl Sentin<
American mills will be running on full time
very soon after the McKlnley administration
begins, and then it won't matter so much
about the mints.
NEW TO-DAr.
PRESENTS El WH J
PRESENTS ISP JiTiS
FREE 5/Jb
REAL GEMS!
Fancy Chinaware, Glassware, Cups,
Saucers and Plates, Vases, Orna-
ments and Dishes of every descrip-
tion.
ONE o%mct
££tt2s Purchase
-COFFEES— SPICES !
Quality Best Guaranteed.
OlllinO CUSTOMERS
SNAPS '- «ss?
Great Affiericanlmportii Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. . . 146 Ninth st.
2510 Mission st. 218 Third st.
140 Sixth st. 2008 Filfmore ft.
617 Kearny st. 965 Market st. *
1419 Polk St. 3006 Sixteenth it.
Si 1 Montgomery aw. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st. . 3285 Mission st. .
52 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth at.
131 San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park St., Alameda.
YOU WILL OPEN
YOUR EYES
At the very low prices of our new
importation of
CROCKERY!
66-plece Tea Set, in pink, blue or brown
decorations $3 15
China Tinted and Decorated Bread and But-
ter Plates, each 12
China Decorated Dessert Plates, 2 for 25
China Berry Set. 7 pieces, tinted 1)5
1 liquor Set, In wicker stand, with tf glasses. . . 65
Thin China Tinted and Gold Creamers 16
Large size Decorated China Cake Plates 75
Colored Glass Table Lamp, with shade and
chimney c0mp1ete......... 65
43- RAZORS and SHEARS ground by
■killed mechanics, a specialty.
818-BgQ MARKET ST
ROXBURY ) Tee
Brussels Ivy
CARPET^J ■ w
UMilr Ea I LINED /
50 BEDROOM SETS,
01 9.50 spi^e^s^EK.
$I £ — 3 Pieces, worth <j> j g
SHIREK aT SHIREK,
HOUSE FURNISHERS,
747 Market Street. Opposite Grant Are.
[ - ■ . Tkucphomc 6391. ;;.■;.:'RICHARD
LE GALLIENNE'S
LIFE AND THE PHILOSOPHY
FOUND IN HIS BOOKS
It is always a difficult matter to write con
cerning the personality of a living man. Es
pecially is this true when one has no private
knowledge on the subject and depends mostly
on current literary evidence. I recollect hear
ing Kate Field say that she found herself in a
constant state of amazement at her own
doiugs as chronicled in the papers. So it may
be with Mr. Le Gallienne. We can never feel
quite comfortably sure that what we read
about him is true. He may have passed years
of his boyhood in a "diney Liverpool office,"
and later been secretary to the actor, Wilson
Barrett, and escaped from that into the jour
nalism which preceded his brilliant success in
letters. All this, which we are usually told
concerning him, may or may not be true, but
we do know that, college-bred or not, he is a
man of wide reading and culture, and we sus
pect that he was not born— as he tells us of his i
two lovers— "in that class which is denied the
luxury of struggle." We have one certain
guide in all matters relating to Mr. Le Gal
lienne. His own writing is of such an inti
mate and personal character that in it his in
ward life is clearly pictured, and the events
which have shaped it are suggested to those
who care to read between the lines. And it
seems impossible that any should not so care.
There is such a charm to the man's person
ality. As we read we come to have a veritable
feeling of tenderness for him. His grief is our
grief. When we realize that "White Soul" has
died it seems our own bitter and irretrievable
loss.
His pictures show us a face still young,
young indeed to have known such striving
and triumph and despair. The outlines are j
sunken as though worn by some inward con- |
flict, and sorrow has left her wan traces on
the cheeks. His early life was a struggle— not
of the sort which crushes endeavor, but of the
kind which stimulates to achievement. We
know that he had in mind his own early
life when he describes his "Seventh Story
Heaven." Indeed Le Gallienne throughout is
so true a philosopher that he sees the great
things of life in the small, and realizes what
is so often remarked and so seldom perceived,
that happiness is a state of mind rather than
a condition of body.
As with many young writers, his first essay
was in verse and criticism. "My Lady's Son
nets" and "Volumes in Folio" were his first
introduction to the reading public, aside from
the reviews, mainly of poetry, which had ap
peared in the cages of the "Nineteenth Cen
tury" magazine. These last have recently
been gathered together under the title, "A j
Logbook of Literary Criticism," and have at- i
tracted more attention than would probably |
have been the case had their author never |
written "The Book Bills of Narcissus," or |
"Prose Fancies." Undoubtedly his work in
the line of criticism was a valuable training. :
He is thoroughly in touch with the writers of |
his own time as well as with the great pens of ]
the past. His "Religion ot a Literary Man" is j
full of quotations and references to what is
admirable in contemporary thought.
So that we seem to be walking always in
goodly company. And so thankful are we for
racta fellowship that we feel no sympathy with !
those critics who cry for greater originality, i
That there is no new thing under the sun was
said so manyyear3 ago that we have almost
forgotten how true it Is. Our debt is none the j
l.ss great to one who shall say the same old I
things freshly and simply, and in such man- j
ncr as to arrest attention. And this Le Galli
enni- does par excellence in his " Religion of j
a Literary Man." We trace the influence of j
Matthew Arnold's rationalistic theories, and no j
less tl.e influence of Carlyle and Emerson and !
Browning, and, most greatly of all. George
Meredith. When he tells us that any phrase
used to express Deity without personality be
comes in time itself personified, we are re- I
minded of Max Muller, who points out that
very thing in a profounder way and without a
tithe of Le Gallienne's graceful charm. Just
the virtue of a book like this is that it pre
sents great thoughts in refreshing and attrac
tive guise, so that the average reader who has
neither time nor patience for heavy works is
charmed by Le Gallienne into an attention
which may be more profitable than he at the
time realizes. There is a greatness in mere
simuleness which is reached by few.
This work has been called "the funniest book
on religion ever published." Yet, what con
flict is there! it is indicated plainly enough
to those who can see beneath the surface optim
ism and good cheer and courage the mani
fold uncertainties which beset the rationalistic
mind. Le Gallienne might have said, as the
man who has dominated his philosophy as
well a« that of most thinking Englishmen of
this half of the century said of himself, that
he was
Wandering between two worlds, one dead,
The other powerless to be born.
Perhaps Matthew Arnold put more of his
spiritual yearning in that poem of "The Grand
Chartreuse" than his intellect ever allowed
himtoexpressinpro.se. Le Gallienne has the
temperament of a mystic and the brain of a
rationalist — what surer ground for conflict!
It is the old warfare between Plato and Aris
totle, between the subjective reasoning and
the system which evolves theories from ob
served facts. As not infrequently happens in
a time like ours, these two opposing forces
have met in a single personality. Le Galli
enne cannot be certain of immortality in the
sense of continued Identity, because it cannot
be proved, and he holds that the belief mat
ters less than we suppose.
His chapter on "The Hereafter," in the
Religio Scriptoris, aroused such controversy
that he followed it by his sketch, "Death and
Two Friends," in the "Nineteenth Century. "
This is in the form of dialogue. Two friends
discuss the mooted point. Le Gallienne, as j
Scnptor, contends that the idea of rest is the
one most grateful to the aged and pain-weary
who face death. Lector, the friend, retorts by
asking him whether he has ever seen one he
loved die. Scriptor answers "yes," and then
follows the wonderful description of those two
lovers parted by death. "It is but one sad
little story of all the heaped-up sorrow of the
world ; but in it, as In a shell, I seem to hear
the murmur of all the tides of tears that have
surged about the lot of man from tho begin
ning."
Those were the two happiest lovers in the
world, through struggle and achievement,
until death laid his grim hand upon the little
sweetheart's face.
"Surely I felt God owed more than he could
repay these two lovers, whom it had been so
<•!.->• to leave to tneir simple joys. And from
that night to this I can never look upon my
white bed without seeing afar off the moment
when it, too, will bear the little figure of her I
love best in the world, bound for her voyage to
notaur— Death."
It is easy to trace the influence of Pater— l
know no better master — upon Le Gallienne's j
style. The rhythm of his words at times strik- i
ingly suggest the older writer, as when he I
speaks, in his rhapsody on "Whitebait," of
"little fin pressed lovingly by little fin," we
involuntarily recall Pater's "little cell by cell," I
in his marrelooi portrait of Leonardo's Lisa.
In point of finish Le Gallienne's later work is I
a distinct advance on his earlier. There are
fewer of those sudden let downs, which give
us much the same sort of shock as that re
ceived by stepping off a stair unexpectedly.
The reader has become accustomed to the
sijoothness and* ease of Le Gallienue's sen
tences, the exquisite choiceness 01 his words,
when, presto! Without the slightest warning
a sudden "flop" in style an-I sentiment. Take
for example, the following from "The Religion
of a Literary Man": "It was to those who
cannot that Christ refused a sign. If the world
wi; li nil its myriad wonders will not toucti
them, if through the veils of all its so trans
parent torms they cannot see the face of God
flashing— neither will they believe though one
rose from the dead. To-morrow his resuTrec
tiou would be as commonplace as the tele
"lione, and enterprising firms would be inter*
viewing him with an eye to branch establish
ments in Hades."
There is less of this in his latest book, and
its beauty in parts is matchless.
If Le Gallienne indicates his philosophy in
his "Religio Scriptoris" he gives us bits of his
life In the "Prose Fancies." The first series is
dedicated to his wife— "My prose for her
poetry."
The book ends with the sketch "White Soul"
— such a tribute as would have gladdened ana
made humble with joy the heart of any wife.
It closes with these words :
"And if there are those who can look on that
face without being touched by its straDge,
spiritual loveliness, without seeing in it one
of those clear springs that bubble up from the
eternal beauty, there must indeed be many
who would miss the soul for which her face is
but the ivory gate, who would never know
how white is all within, never see or hear that
holy dove.
"But I have seen and heard, ana I know that
if God should covet White Soul and steal her
from me, her memory would ever remain with
me as one of those eternal realities of the spirit
to which 'realities' of flesh and blood, of wood
and stone, are but presumptuous shadows.
"I am not worthy of White Soul. Indeed,
just to grow more worthy of her was I put into
the world."
One is saddened to know that before the sec
ond series of his ''Fancies"' went to press White
Soul had in truth been taken from him— that
unspeakable anguish became his.
The sketch "Death and Two Friends," re
ferred to above, was supposed by many to have
been written after his wife's death. It seems
to me, on the contrary, that it would not have
j been possible for Le Gallienne to so write in
I his sorrow. In point of fact, the sketch was
published some time before her death.
It must have been with a strange sort of pre
science that he wrote of his friend's grief. Iv
the same way Rossetti, when a boy of 19, pic
tured in "The Blessed Damosel" the anguish
he was to suffer years afterward in the death
of his young wife.
"The Seventh-story Heaven" is among the
most charming of the Fancies, but in "The
Greatness of Man" Le Gallienne strikes his
highest note. Grace S. Musser.
SECOND COMING OF ELIJAH.
THE TIME IS COMING. By W. B. Bolmer.
New \ork: G. W. Dlllingham & Co,, publish
ers, r-or sale by San Francisco News Com
pany: price, clothboand, $1.
Mr. Bolmer's tale is found upon the belief,
I entertained by ancient Jews and by a very
i respectable number of Christian divines, that
i Elijah, naving never died, will return in
I proper person to herald the second advent. In
! superb pertection of stalwart manhood, most
: notable for a voice of incomparable power and
I sweetness, he addresses, upon the very scene
; of his greatest triumph, the leaders of the Jews,
i who, in large numbers, are repossessing, under
j the protection chiefly of the American Repub
lic, the land of their forefathers. The wonder
ful failure of most persevering efforts to re
i build the temple at Jerusalem affords the re
| turned prophet an opportunity to advocate the
: cause he has come to advance. A magnificent
service of dedication is brought to an
abrupt close by an elemental disturb
ance that demolishes the glorious struc
j ture which was on the eve of completion.
The storm has hardly ceased when
' Elijah stands forth to deliver his message.
; The scene shifts to the United States, whither
j Elijah transfers himself, he thereupon begin-
I ning a work on new linos among the Chris-
I tlans, with some of whom he readily obtains
■ acceptance on the strength of the occurrences
j in the Holy Land.
DEALS WITH THE DIVORCE EVIL
| EDGAR FAIRFAX. By the author of the
•Twin Sisters." NewYort: > . W. billi'igham
| <fc Co., publishers. For sale by San Francisco
News Company; paper, price 60 cents.
This narrative deals with the divorce evil.
The hero is a Virginian, and while iv Europe
he becomes fascinated with Barbara Weis
• haupt, a German peasant, who has become a
, celebrated actress. Edgar's relatives are
aristocrats, and he fears their fury it he mar
ries her. While Barbara is acting in the
United States the next year Edgar secretly
marries her, but they separate in a short time.
I Edgar regrets his marriage with Barbara—
j wants to get rid of her and obtains a divorce
trom her. Then Edgar faiis in love with Do
lores Woodville, a rich Baltimore belle, and
becomes engaged to her: but he discovers that
she thinks divorce is wrong and he conceals
all his past life from her. Emii Leonhardt, a
cousin of Barbara, hns always hated Edgar
and in revenge for a fancied wrong he reveals
his divorce to Dolores and breaks off the en
gugement. Dolores die? of a broken heart and
Edgur has an attack of brain fever, which de
stroys his reason for a time; but he recovers
and becoraes an earnest Christian. He dies of
a fever contracted while doing mission woik
in the city of New York.
A WELCOME CHEAP EDITION.
AS THK WIND ML i\VK. A novel, b>- Btoaoot
M'-rron. .New York: American Publishers' Cor
poration. Paper, 50 cents.
It is pleasing to note that Miss Mprron's
I strong, thought-inspiring book has been sent
through a cheap edition, in paper covers. The
volume tells the story of the lives of several
young women of exemplary character, also
that of others of the reverse, all of whose lives
j are tossed hither and thither by circumstances,
i or fate, whatever that may be or mean, even
as the autumnal leaves are scattered by the
winds. The male characters of the book, and
| there are several, are alike conspicuous for
j their vicissitudinous experiences, and it is both
interesting and educating to watch them
closely. Those who read this book carefully
are impressed with the uncertainties of youth
and beauty, health, wealth and position. It
suggests, however, tnat while we cannot al
ways have things to please us, "it's an ill wind
that blows no one any good"; also that if, in
deed, everything is not for the best, it cer
tainly is not for the worst.
A MAN OF THE WORLD.
MR. MERCER OF NEW YORK. A novel, by
Annie Heuri Wilson. New York: G. W. Dlllini;
haia A la, publishers. For sale by San Frau
ciico News Company; paper, price 50 cnts.
Mercer is yonng, handsome and rich, but
against him there are many odds. IHs lines
have fallen into high places, according to the
world's standard, but he U a seif-confessed ab
normal individual for whom society has lost
attraction. Having gone the pace that kills in
time, he retires to an isolated spot in the
North Carolina mountains to recuperate.
Here he runs across a girl, peculiarly and re
j freshingly sweet and innocent, who appeals to
I his fancy, and who is later given into his core
j by her poor and illiterate old parents. The
story reveals how this man of the world dis
charged a trust. It is a story of a man's
honest endeavor along new and better lines,
Jof renouncement and sacrifice. Conditions
! shift and vary, and tragedy plays a part. The
j story is on tne sensntional order.
PORTRAYS CUBAN PLUCK
THE CUBAN LIBERATED. OR BAVFD BY
THE BWOHD. A novel, oy Robert Rcxdale
(Reissued.) New York: American Publishers'
Corporation; 12mo: '-'26 pages; paper, 50 cents.
A s.ory of 1869 is here given, portraying
marital jealousies and presenting Kaleido
scopic views of American, English, Spanish
and Cuban typ3sof character. It portrays the
persevering pluck of the Cuban spirit and
speculates as to tha outcome of the chronic
Spanish-Cuban difficulties. The language of
the book is simple and unaffected. A silken
thread of romance is woven In its pages.
Added to its commendable features are the
facts that one can, without effort, lay down the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
book at an instant's notice and take it up again
as willingly when opportunity presents itself.
INDIAN STORY FOR FOYS.
THU GOLDEN ROCK. By Ileitenant R. H.
Jayne. New York: American P lolishers' Cor
poration; 12mo, cloth, 31S pag< s; price 50 cents.
This is a new book for boys by one of their
favorite authors. The narrative is founded
upon facts as related to Lientenant Jayne by
the hero of the story, Richard, or rather Dick
Stoddard, as he is called in the book. The
titles of the chapters indicate both the char
acter and locality, as well as the deep interest
of the volume: Lost and Found ; Diamond Cut
Diamond; The Land ol the rSioux; A Wonder
ful Region; A Memorable Night; A Timely
Rescue; A Storm in the Northwest; The Trap
per's Home; Trapping for Beavers; A Wonder
ful Discovery ; Good and Bad Fortune; Fight
ing for Life; In Despair; Without a Clew; The
Young Captive; Back and Forth and Back
Again; Life Among the Sionx; The Flight of
Dick; Conclusion. The book is illustrated
with five full-page illustrations. It will no
doubt be eagerly read by all the boys of
America who may be fortunate enough to ob
tain copies.
IN THE TEMP3PANCE CAUSE
PLATFORM PEARLS— I'or temperance workers
and other reformers. Comailed by Lilian M.
Heath. New York, London und Toronto: FunK
& Wagnalls Company; cloth, 256 pages, 75
cents.
Here is a collection of choice recitations in
prose and poetry that will be welcomed by all
who have occasion to arrange ortaknpart in
public gatherings. W. C. T. U. members and
other temperance workers, womau-suffrage ad
vocates, educational and religious societies
will be especially interested, because this con
venient little book supplies material needed
to make their meetings attractive. "Home
talent" is given an opportunity to score a hit
before the most exacting audiences by using
DESIGN FOR A MODERN ART POSTER, BY A "CALL" ARTIST.
SOME OLD SONGS AND NEW.
WHY IS IT SO?
Borne find work where some find rest,
And so the weary world goes on;
I sometimes wonder what is best;
The answer comes when life is gone.
Some eyes sleep when some eyes wake,
And bo the dreary night hours no;
Some hearts beat where some hearts break,
I often wonder why 'tis so.
Some hands fold where other hands
Are lifted bravely in the strife;
And so through ages and through lands
Move on the two extremes of life.
Bomc feet halt while some feet tread,
In tir.' '.ess march, a thorny way;
Some struggle on where some have fled,
Some seek where others shun the fray.
Some sleep on while others keep
The vigils of the true and brave;
They will not rest till roses creep
Around their names above the grave.
Father Ryan.
TIME'S DISTANT TOMORROW.
Earth hnd whirled down the path of the ages,
And the race on Its service had grown
To the dreams of i he earlier sages;
There was neither a yolce nor a throne.
Love was 1 aw and the race know no others:
Greed and anger had flown from their hearts,
For i he highest and lowest were brothers
In the grace that Time's teaching Imparts.
All the cannons that once in the battle
Had infuriate nations upheld:
All the muskets whose ominous rattle
Death's insatiate muster had swelled.
All the sabers whose terrible edges
Had demanded the life of a man—
the recitations in this book of Platform
Pearls. Tho selections have been made with
great care and with a good taste and judgment
that betokens peculiar fitness on the part of
the compiler for such work. The general ex
ceUence and appropr.ateness of the pieces for
the occasions for which they are intended are
especially marked; their variety and scope
prevent monotony and make ft happy selection
always possible at short notice.
FOR SOCIETY'S IMPROVEMENT.
THK KING'S DAUGHTERS. A romance. By
Ellen K. Dickinson (reissued). New York:
Ann rican Publishers' Corporation; 12 mo; 275
p:iges; cloth $1, paper 60 cents.
Of particular interest to all concerned for
the welfare of that praiseworthy organization
known as "The King's Daughters" is this
little book. All through the volume much
truth is told, to which no exception can be
taken. An anti-gossiping society is advocated
by the author, who deals some trenchant
blows in various directions among the "upper
ten." Society glris, as such, also come in ior
their share of attention by way of sundry les
sons on behavior. The story unfolds no little
romance and must leava its impression on the
reader. The book is beautifully printed in
large, clear type and contains twelve lull-page
half-tone engravings.
A POPULAR STORY REISSUED.
SUNSET PASS. By Captain Charles R. Kin?.
New York: American Publishers' Corporation.
i'aper covers, 60 cents.
Captain Charles King's book, "Sunset Pass;
or Running the Gauntlet Through Apache
Land," which has for a long time been out of
print, has been reissued, in paper covers.
Tnere Is no belter writer of realistic fiction
from a "Far West" point of view than Captain
King, who was an officer of United States cav
alry and of artillery. He knows whereof he
writes. "Sunset Pass" is a typical, spirited
Were Interred under blossoming hedges;
Earth was ruled by a worthier plan.
None was robbed ot life's portion of pleasure,
Nor was any weighed down with Its woe;
All obtained of Its gladness due measure
And were happy, the high and the low.
Toll was noble and each was expected
To contribute a share of its gains
To their care whom the fates had directed
Ebould abide in the region of pains. .
And tho tollers were never unwilling
To divide with i lie helpless their store ;
Heaven's precepts the ages instilling
Made them eager to even the score.
In the skies the first stars were appearing;
O'er th« earth was night's shadowy pall;
No: a sound stirred the sense of his hearing
Save the whin-poor- will's penetrant call.
He arose from the bank where, reclining,
He hal wandered la fancy afar;
In his soul was a lamp tbat was shining
lilKe the glow of yon sclntlllant star.
•God Is good (so he thought) In bis kindness;
He has given the people hope's power
To sustain them through eons of blindness
And to lead to the ultimate hour.
"As the man. through the scourging of sorrow,
Learns the blessings life's losses convey,
Bo i he race, in time's distant to-morrow,
■ Shall be broagtit to the worth ler way."
_ . -' . : FBAN'g PtJTHAJC
SONGS OF THE HONE.
THK nOMECOKIN'H.
In glad green fields swet-t bells are ringing;
In woodlands dim a. thrusli is slnpiii^,
And fountains at thy feet are springing.
In vine-clad cots the lights are shining
Where rise no songs of sad repining,
And roses for thy rest are twining.
story; one that is enjoyable by young and old.
The book is illustrated by about twenty f ull
page pictures.
WHAT A NOVEL SHOULD BE.
BEHIND PLASTERED WALLa By William
W. M. Corntdh. N*w York: G.W. DllliDgham &
Co., publishers. For sale by San Francisco News
Company: price, clothbound, $1.
In the novel before us we have the author's
conception of what a novel should be, or
rather what an ideal author should be. Speak
ing through his heroine he says:
"An ideal author, I should say, is one who is
capable of investing a Dook with such interest,
of inspiring such genuine enthusiasm, such an
overmastering enchainment of the senses, that
the reading of his book, once commenced, can
not be discontinued till finished."
HEROISM IN HUMBLE LIFE.
JILL, A LONDON FLOWER GTRL. A novel, by
L. T. Meuda. New York: American Publishers
Corporation. Paper, 50 cents.
The romance of the London flower girl is
rather out of the common order. The book is
one harri to lay down without having finished
the story. Jill is both morally and physiolog
ically beautiful, and her maiden promises are
sacred to her in spite of the dictates of an in
tense love. She would have sacrificed her lifo
for her word's sake but for the heroic and
self-sacrificing instinct of Silas Lynn, who
released her. It is a tale of humble life that
will be enjoyed by all who are exercised by
sympathy and sentiment.
A NEW ENGLAND ROMANCE.
EUNICE QUINCE. By Dane Conyngham. New
York: American Publishers' Corporation; 362
pages: pajier 50 cents.
This interesting book is now issued in paper
covers, as well as in cloth. The story of
Eunice Quince meets all the requirements in a
novel calculated to bring only enjoyment and
refreshment. One delights in a book that
And one awaits thy kiss— thy greeting;
Thy heart h< r dear name Is repeating
And times thy footsteps with its beating.
Sweet Is thy toll— thy s'.rong endeavor,
And neither life nor death shall sever ;_
Toy hi art from love that lives forever t
Fkaxk i^irTANTON
/ » I —
IF WHILE THE BODY SLEEPS.
If, while the body sleeps, the soul could steal
forth from H"( lio.ihly prison to the day.
Feel summer's breath and drink the morning dew,
Witti nw sin laid like a robe away.
Ana walk unseen yet see all hi.idcn good.
And looking back behold Its house of sin.
Of weak uncleanneis and of narrow bounds,
Who. once released, again wou'd enter in?
Ruth Wabd Kahn in The Letter.
SLEEP SONG.
Let's sail to Sleep, my boy—
The far-oil' shore of Sleep,
Where waters creep, my boy,
Whf-re lo'.us- meadows sweep]
The lilies 101 l upon the tired tide,
The brooding birds' songs sound away and wide,
And tinkling tones fill copses through the coun
try 's side—
Let's sail to Sleep, my boy,
Ltt's sail to Sleep, my boy!
Bid "bye-bye" now, my boy,
We're over Slnmber Sea;
Am from th<.- prow, my boy,
See— meadows mo.ion me!
Waves touch the crinkled shores with kiss
as soft as mother's hand In sickness Is:
And soft the airs thai sing and signal coming bliss.
Now test In Sleep, my boy,
Now rest In Hleep, my boy !
Will T. Halk in Memphis Appeal.
EXPLOITING THE
HI PRIMEVAL FORESTS
OF THE ROCKIES
IN BRITISH AMERICA
keeps him entertained from first to last. The
heroine belongs to the "Brahmin Caste," and
has the advantage of rich Spanish blood in her
veins. The characters introduced are por
trayed with a graphic pen, and the book occu
pies a prominent place among the novels of
New England iiie.
AN ADMIRABLE STYLE.
WITHOUT SIN. A novel, by Martin J. Pritchard.
Chicago: Herbert B. Stone & Co., publishers.
For sale by Doxey; price $1 26.
This is a peculiar story framed about a vary
beautiful girl, whose life to all appearances is
a saintly one. In the end she proves to have
been the victim of a mortal error, which im
pels her to leave a world which had been sing
ing the praises of her surpassing loveliness
and to atone fora life's mistake in the relig
ious solitude of the cloister. The literary
style of the author is admirable.
LITERARY NOTES
A biography of Joseph Thomson, the Afri
can traveler, is being written by his br.other,
the Rev. J. B. Thomson.
The complete novel which Willitlß^Carleton,
the Irish novelist, left among his papers is to
be published shortly in London.
A new and complete edition, in eight vol
umes, of the works of J. M. Barrie, including
the latest books, "Margaret Ogilvie"and "Sen
timental Tommy," is announced by the Messrs.
Scribner.
Andrew Lang's long-expected biography of
John Lockhartwili be published by the Messrs.-
Scribner in the fall. It will be interesting to
see if the biography of Lockhart will be as ab
sorbing a work as Lockhart's own biography
of Scott.
Baring Gould has finished the personal life
of Napoleon Bonaparte upon which ho has
been working for a long time. In his leisure
moments Baring Gould has made something
ol a hobby of the study of Napoleon, and this
volume is the result.
A novelette by Richard Wagner, the great
musical composer, entitled "A Pilgrimage to
Beethoven," is announced to begin with No.
470 oi the Open Court. It is a sketch of
great literary power and depth of thought,
full of humor and varied artistic interest.
It had been thought that the exhaustive
biography of Murat, which Comte Murat is
preparing, chiefly from documents in the pos
session ol the family, would have been ready
by the autumn. The issue of the work, how
ever, has been delayed, and it will not see the
light until the beginning of next year.
A book entitled "The Shadow Christ," soon
to be published by the Century Company, is
saul to treat au old subject with an eloquence
and force unusual in religious writings of the
present day. It is a study ot Christ's fore
runner iv the Old Testament, written by a
young minister, the Rev. Gerald Stanley Lee.
"Sister Jane" is the title of Joel Chandler
Harris' most ambitious novel, which is an
nounced for publication by Houghton, Mifflin
& Co. It treats of life in the South beiore
the war, and those who have read it believe
that ••Sister Jane" will stand side by side with
t' Uncle Remus" as an original creation.
The Joseph Knight Company of Boston an
nounces for publication on September 15
'•Bacon vs. Shakespeare," by Edwin Reed, with
illustrations and a facsimile of the cover ef
one of Bacon's MS. volumes recently discov
ered. Mt. Reed is a member of the New York
Shakespeare Society and a well-known sup
porter of the Bacon theory.
Blackmore's new story, "Dariel," which he
has written for Blackwood's Magazine, is his
lourteenth large s;ory. "Dariel" will ioilow
"An Uncrowned King: A Romance of High
Politic.-," which is Concluded in the Septem
ber number of the magazine, ana is announced
to be by the author of "His Excellency's Eng
lish Qoverneb*," Sydney Grier.
W. J. f-UiiniHi: is editing an art volume de
vo.od t>> "Venus and Apollo in Painting and
Sculpture." It will consist of forty-one iarge
sized photogravures, -prty of these being in
duplicate, and one in colors as a frontispiece.
The work will contain all the best examples
of Venus and Apollo by the most lamous old
masters and sculptors. Messrs. Bliss, Sands &
Foster of Lo.idon are the publishers.
General Horace Porter's personal recollec
tions of General Grant, which the Century will
publish, beginning in November, are to be
called "Campaigning With Grant." General
Porter first met General Grant at Chattanooga.
He soon became attached to his stuff, and was
with him constantly from that time until the
close ot General Grant's first term as Presi
dent, during which he was Grant's private sec
retary.
There is no end to the issuing of books con
cerning I>ante. A first series of "Studies in
Dante," by the Rev. Dr. E. Moore, editor ol the
"Oxford Dante," will be published imme
diately by the Clarendon Press. Dr. Moore
gives in this volume a list of direct quotations
from Scripture and from classical authors ex
ceeding (>OO in number, and also of allusions
and forms of expression which more or less
certainly imply a reference to some previous
writer.
The Messrs. Harper will publish in Septem
ber a new edition of "Harper's Dictionary of
ClMttesJ Literature and Antiquities," edited
by Professor Harry Thurston Peck. The first
edition of the Dictionary was published fifty
years ago, and was not, we need scarcely say,
edited by Professor Peck. ' Dr. Charles Anthon
was the first editor, and, excellent as was the
work when It left his hand, the importance ol
recent archaeological researches has made a
new edition necessary.
The novel-reading world is in a flutter of ex
pectation over the forthcoming publication of
Mr. Dv Maurier's new novel, "The Martian,"
which will begin in the October Harper's. It
la said that, notwithstanding the fame and
fortune that "Trilby" has brought to him, Mr.
Dv Maurier will not allow that book to be
named in his presence. Not that he despises
bis fascinating heroine, but because he is
weary and disgusted with unpleasant features
connected with the story's popularity.
Bright, seasonable, full of wholesome read,
ing and artistic illustrations. Outing for Sep
tember is worthy of its foremost position in
the field of sport. The contents include: "The
Secret of the Pines," by H. M. Hoke; "The
Thirty-Foot Class," by R. B. Burehard; "The
Courtship of Jack Curtis," by George Gladden;
"Kail and Reedbird," by EdW. Sandys; "With
the Upland Plover," by James K. Benton, and
"Tenting in the Arid Lands," by John W.
Hays.
The celebrated "Hoyt-Ward- Cyclopedia of
Practical Quotations," which obtained such &
deservedly high reputation when first pub
lished some years ago, has just been thoroughly
revised, greatly enlarged and entirely reset,
and will be issued this fall by the Funk &
Wagnalls Company, New York, London and
Toronto. It will be practically a brand-new
work, with elegant cover design by George
Wharton Edwards, and rubricated title page.
There will be nearly 1200 pages, containing
30.000 choice quotations embracing a com
prehensively broad field of subjects, with
70,000 lines of concordance.
The Dodge Book and Stationery Company of
this City have in press for immediate publica
tion au edition de luxe of the famous Persian
poem of Omar Khayyam, the Rubaiyat, as
translated into English by Edward Fitzgerald.
Copious notes have been appended to the
work, together with a brief life of the author.
The edition do luxe will be printed on fine
paper and bound in boards with white cloth
backs. The edition will be limited to fifty
copies; five copies, however, will be bound in
white calf and printed on a much finer paper.
The same house has also in preparation a
cheap edition of the Rubaiyat which they will
issue in paper covers at a low figure to meet
the demand for a popular priced edition for
students.
CAMPING IN THE CANADIAN ROCKIE& By
Walter Dwigbt Wilcox. New York and London;
G. P. Putnam's .Sons, publishers; for sale by
William Doxey.
The author of this work considers that the
extremely wild character of the Canadian
Rocky Mountains, and the very short time
since they were opened up to travelers, are the
probable reasons for the lack of literature and
the absence, heretofore, of any thoroughly
illustrated publication concerning that region.
Mr. Wilcosc, during a period of four years, made
camping excursions into many of the wilaer
parts of the mountains in question and effected
a considerable number of ascents. A camera
was his inseparable companion, and he ob
tained photographs of typical scenery from
every possible point of view. No expense of
time or labor, he tells us, was spared in order
to obtain true and artistic representations of
nature. In many cases the proper light effects
on lakes and forests required hours of delay,
and frequently, on lofty mountain summits,
high winds made it necessary to anchor tho
camera with stones ; while the cold and ex
posure of the high altitudes made the circum
stances unfavorable for successful work. Nev
ertheless, the photogravures in the volume
reach a rare degree of excellence and make a
superb, artistic adornment of a work that ably
describes the comparatively unfrequented
mountain wilderness of the great Northwest.
Speaking particularly with reference to tha
forest primeval of the Selkirk range of moun
tains, Mr. Wilcox allows himself to indulge in
some Interesting cogitations, word-etchings,
contrasts and comparisons :
"The idea that is at length developed in the
mind by a long rest in one of these deep and
somber forests is that of the majesty and silent,
motionless power of vegetation. The creations
of the vegetable world stand on all sides. They
well nigh cover the ground; they limit the
horizon and conceal the sky. The tall cedars
have a shreddy bark that hangs in long strips
on their tapering boles and makes the strong
est contrast with the rough bark of the firs.
What oould be more unlike, too, among ever
greens than the spreading, fan-like foliage of
the cedars, the needle-like leaves of the firs
and the delicate spray of the hemlocks?
"What avast amount of energy has been
preserved in the forest giants; with what a
crash would they fall to the ground, and what
a quantity of heat which . they have stored up
from the sun through hundreds of summers
would they give out when burned slowly in a
fireplace! If we examine a single needle or a
thin shaving of wood unaer the microscope
and obtain a glimpse of the complexity of the
cells and pores with which this vegetable lifo
is carried on, or consider the wonderful pro
cesses by which the flowers are fertilized and
the cones mature, so that the species may
never die out, and then regard the immensity
of the whole forest, stretching boundless in
every direction, all constructed from an in
finity of atoms, the mind and the imagination
are soon led beyond their depth.
"Trees have all the qualifications of living
forever. There is no reason why a tree should
ever die, were it not for some unnatural
cause, such as the fury of a storm, the rending
power of lightning or the destructive in
fluence of insects and parasites. In California,
in the Mariposa grove, some of the giant red
wood trees are 2500 years old. They began to
grow when Solon was making laws for tha
ancient Greeks. These wonderful groves of
California are, however, exceptional, and
have survived by reason of the clemency of the
climate and the fact that the aromatic red
wood is avoided by insects, in most forests
the laws of chance and probability rarely
allow the sturdiest trees to run the gamut of
more than a few hundred years, and if they
attain a thousand years it is their 'fourscore
by reason of strength.'
"In the Selkirks one sees the ground covered
with huge tree trunks in all stages of decay,
slowly moldering away into a newer and
richer soil; some have yielded to the natural
processes or decay, others to accident or forest
fires, while in some places winter avalanches
have cut off the tops of the t r ees forty or fifty
feet above the ground, and left nothing but a
maze of tall stumps where once stood a noble
forest.
"The Selkirk forests are dense and some
times almost magnificent in their luxuriance,
and vastly surpass the forests of Eastern
ranges in the variety of species, the size of the
trees and the luxuriant rankness of vegetable
growth. At the same time they do not ap
proach the almost tropical vigor and grandeur
of the Pacific Coast forests, where a green car
pet of moss covers the t runks and branches of
the huge trees, and even ferns find nourish
ment in this rich covering, aided by the reek-
Ing, numid atmosphere, on branches forty or
fifty feet above the ground. In such a lorest
the ferns and brakes reach a height of six or
eight feet above tho ground, the various
mosses attain a remarkable development and
hang in long green tresses a yard in length
from every branch and exaggerate the size ot
the smaller branches, while the beautiful
tufts of the Hypnum mosses appear like the
fronds of small ferns, so large do they become.
"The forests of the Summit range, the Sel
kirks and the Pacific Coast are almost perfect
ndexes of the humidity of the climate. The
Selkirk forests are less vigorous than those of
the Pacific Coast, but more so than the light
and comparatively open forests of the Sum
mit range, where the climate is much drier."
Calif ornians in the valleys, where snow
rarely, if ever, apnears, and where, if it does
come down for a few moments in the midst of
winter, it is regarded as a remarkable phe
nomenon, are hardly in a position to appre
ciate the beauties of snowstorm in midsum
mer, which Mr. Wilcox found delight in near
the base of Mount Assiniboine The pictures
of mountain lakes in this region resemble
miniature arctic seas. The scenery about
Mount Assiniboine is sublime. From the
snowfields the bare rock cliffs rise about 3000
feet; the angle of slope on either side being a
little more than 51 degrees— a slope which ia
often called perpendicular. The mountain
proper is 11,680 feet in height, according to
measurements made by the author.
The book contains 280 pages, printed in the
very best style of the bookmaker's art, and tho
perfectness and finish of the twenty-five full
page photogravures demand more than pass
ing mention. The illustrations alone are worth,
the price of the volume. And by this expres
sion let it not be imagined that the work as a
contribution to descriptive literature is under
valued. The reader will find entertainment
and instruction in the author's account of
camp life in the Canadian Rockies, and es
pecially in his chapters relating to the regions
about Banff, Lake Louise and Glacier; while a
sketch of early explorations in the British
j Northwest eives to the volume some of the
merits of a history.
The leading article in the Critic of August
22 is as striking as one might expect it to be
from its unusual heading— "Hullabaloo." It
is a story of the convention as the "billboard
of modern thought," on which are advertised
our noble desires or posted our national sins.
The recent episode at Chicago is taken as a
text. The article is full ot pungent truths,
forcibly and effectively expressed. There is a
letter from Andrew Lang, a string of bantering
verses on the water-cure fad ("Tne Barefoot
Brigade") and a number of little pictures
illustrating Burns' birthplace and favorite
resorts.
The Shetland Islands will be the scene of a
new novelette, entitled "Prisoners of Con
science," by Mrs. Amelia E. Barr, the first
part of which will appear in the September
Century. The characters in the story are
fisher-folk brought up In the most rigid teneta
of Calvinism, and they are hedged about with
the "phantoms of a gloomy creed." Through
the tragedies that enter the hero's lite he is
brought to v milder faith, reading the promises
as well as the penalties ot the Scriptures.
Louis Lioeb, the artist, who furnishes the illus
trations, was sent to the Shetland Islands to
make the drawings from life.
2324
PRODUCING ANIMAL LIFE
BY MEANS OF ELECTRICITY
Tke Wonderful Achievement of ar\
Er\glisk Scientist
Insects Brought Into
Being — Gould the
Qlobe People
Itself?
If the earth were devastated of all or
ganized life by some great cataclysm of
nature, could nature again populate the
globe? Supposing the last protoplasmic
germ cell were destroyed, would this mean
that the world thenceforward for countless
sees would be utterly abandoned and
desolate— until the action of the elements
had reduced it to nothingness and sent it
whirling through space as meteoric dust?
Western philosophy is practically agreed
upon the theory of Weismann's eternal !
cell, a protoplasmic speck, as the basis of j
all animal life, but the appearance of the j
first cell is not accounted for. This theory i
is correct as far as it goes, but Oriental
philosophy, while recognizing the eternal
cell as accounting for one phase of exist- i
ence, asserts that manifested or physical
life is but a single link in the chain of
being, and that the real life center is on
subjective planes, and affirius that not
only can all original life disappear from
the earth, and the latter be again popula
ted, but that this actually aid occur many
times in the early history of our globe,
each successive "creation" bringing a
hrgher degree of development.
Life itself is eternal and may never be
annihilated, but its manifestation in or
through any given body is dependent
on the individual organism, or rather
upon its power of" cohesion. When the ;
body wears out the life force either goes j
into seme other body or flies back to tbe j
body of the planet itself. Every atom of
matter in the globe is a reservoir of lat
ent life, which may become active under
proper conditions and evolve higher and
higher forms.
One illustration of this may be found in
the cj.se <.f vulcanic islands upheaved from
ocean depth, a thousand miles from any j
other island, but which in the course of j
ten or fifteen years are found to bear hun- j
dreds of varieties of vegetable life. West
ern science off r.- tne theory that the seeds
must have been carried there by the winds.
In the absence of knowledge of the real I
laws of life this is, of course, the only
theory that can be advanced, but when j
some of the varieties are found to be dif- :
ferent from any elsewhere known, this i
explanation at once falls to the ground.
Again, artesian-well borings in America
ban penetrated some of the early geologi- j
cal strata, and irom the dirt brought up j
from these have also grown new varieties '
of plant life. la reply to this it may be j
urged that the seeds are from plants that ]
grew in former ages, and whose vitality
has been preserved through the geological
ages; and in support of this argument it j
can be shown that wheat taken from I
mummies thousands of years old has been
planted and produced crops.
The Eastern scientist, however, will hold
that in both cases the plants are not due
to ordinary seeds, but rather to the ex
panding of the life-force within the min
eral atom, which because of the existing
conditions is enabled to advance from the
mineral up to the vegetable kingdom, and i
teat under other conditions the life-force
would also manifest itself in the lower
forms of the animal kingdom, these latter
being, perhaps, the "cell" of Weismann.
It is not necessary, however, to limit
ourselves to the speculations of Oriental
metaphysics as to the ability of nature to
spontaneously generate physical life
animal life. Professor Crosse of Broom
fielc 1 , England, has reported a series
of experiments in detail before the
British Association, in which he had pro
duced insects by the action of electricity
upon silica in connection with various
acids. Electricity is one phase of the life
force which pulsates through the so-called
"inanimate" nature and through all
animated beings, and its action upon the
minerals used in the experiments was
sufficient to awaken the latent life in the
stone.
Professor Crosse says in his report: "In
the course of many endeavors to form ar
tificial minerals by a long-continued elec
tric action on fluids holding in solution
such substances as were necessary to my
purpose, I had recourse to every variety
of contrivance I could think of. Among
o.her contrivances I constructed a wooden
frame with three shelves. Each shelf was
about seven inches square. The upper
one was pierced with an aperture in which
was fixed a funnel of Wedgwood ware,
within which rested a guard basin. When
this basin was filled with a fluid a strip of
flannel w^t with the same was suspended
over the edge of the basin and inside the
funnel, which, acting as a siphon, con
veyed the fluid out of the basin, through
the funnsl, in successive drops.
"The middle shelf of the frame was like
wise pierced with a smaller funnel of
glass, which supported a piece of some
what porous red oxide of iron from Vesu
vius immediately under the dropping of
the upper funnel. This stone was kept con
stantly electrified by means of two platina
wires on either side of it connected with
the poles of a voltaic battery of nineteen
pairs of five-inch zinc and copper-zinc
plates in two porcelain troughs, the cells
of which were filled with water. The
lower shelf merely supported a wide
mouthed bottle to receive the drops as
they fell from the second funnel. When
the basin above was nearly emptied the
fluid was passed back from the bottle into
the basin without disturbing the position
of the stone.
"It was by mere chance that I selected
this volcanic substance, nor do I believe it
bad the slightest effect in the production
oi the insects to be described. The fluid
with which I filled the basin was made as
follows: I reduced a piece of black flint to
powder, having first exposed it to a red
heat and quenched it in water to make it
friable. Of this powder I took two ounces
and mixed it thoroughly with six ounces
of carbonate of potassa, exposed it to a
strong heat for fifteen minutes in a black
lead crucible in an open-air furnace and
then poured the fused compound on an
iron plate, reduced it to powder while
etill warm, poured boiling water on it and
kept it boiling for some minutes in a sand
bath. The greater part of the soluble
"lass thus fused was taken up by the
water, together with a portion of alumina
from the crucible. To a portion of the
silicate of potass?, thus fused I added some
boiling water to dilute it and then slowly
added hydrochloric acid to supcrsatura
tion.
"My object in subjecting this fluid to a
long-continued electric action through the
intervention of a porous stone was to form,
if possible, crystals of silica at one of the
poles of the battery. On the fourteenth
day from the commencement of the ex
periment 1 observed, through a lens, a few
small whitish excrescences, or nipples,
projecting irom about the middle of the
electrified stone. On the eighteenth day
these projections en-^^^^^^^^^^^_
larged, and seven or l
eignt filaments, eachß
of them longer thanH
theexcrescences from
which it grew, made
their appearance on
each of the nipples.
On the twenty-second
day these appear
ances were more ele
vated ana distinct,
ana on the twenty
sixth day each figure
assumed t tie form of a
t.erfect insect, stand
ing erect on a few
bristles which formed
its tail.
"Till this period 1
had no notion that
these appearances
were any other than
an incipient mineral
formation; but it was
not until the twenty
eighth day, when I
plainly perceived
these little creatures
move their legs, that
I felt any surprise.
And I n:ust own that
when this took place
I was not a little as
tonished. I endeav
ored to detach some
from their position
on the stone, but they
immediately died and
I was obliged to wait
patiently for a few
days, when they sep
arated themselves
from the stone and
moved about at pleas
ure, although they
had been for some
time after their birth
apparently averse to
motion. In the course
of a few weeks about
a hundred made their
appearance on the
stone.
"1 observed that at I
first each of them I
fixed itself for a con- I
siderable time in one I
spot, appearing, so I
faras I could judge, I
to feed by suction, I
but when a ray of I
light from the sun I
was directed upon it I
it seemed disturbed I
and removed itself to I
the shaded Dart of I
the stone. Out of a
hundred insects, not above rive or six of
them were born on the south side of the
stone. 1 examined some of them with the
microscope and observed that the smaller
ones appeared to have only six legs, but
the larger ones eight. They seem to be of
ihe gen.us Acorus, but of a species not
hitherto observed.
"I have never ventured an opinion as to
the cause of their birth, and for a very
good reason: I was unable to form one.
The most simple solution of the problem
that occurred to me was that they arose
from ova deposited by insects floating in
the t»ir, and that they might possibly be
hatched by electric action. Still, I could
not imagine that an ovum could shoot out
filaments, and that those filaments would
become bristles. Moreover, I could not
detect, on the closest examination, any re
mains of a shell. I next imagined that
they might have originated irom the
water, and consequently made a closer
examination of several hundred vessels
filled- witli the same water. In none of
these could I fina a trace of an insect of
that description. J likewise closely exam
ined the crevices and dusty parts of the
room, with no better success.
"In the course of my experiments upon
other matters I tilled a glass basin with
a concentrated solution of silicate of po
tassa, without acid, in the middle of which
I placed a piece of brick, consisting mostly
of silica. Two wires of platina connected
either end of the brick with a voltaic bat
tery, of sixty-three pairs of plates, each
about two inches square. After many
months' action, I one day perceived the
well-known whitish excrescence, with its
projecting filaments. In the course of
time they increased in number, and as
they successively burst into life the whole
table on which the apparatus stood became
covered with similar insects. Some of
them were of different sizes, there being a
considerable difference in this respect be
tween the largest and smallest, plainly
discernible to the naked eye, as they nim
bly crawled from one spot to another.
"At the same time similar formations
were mating their appearance in another
room. Here I had three voltaic br.tteries,
unconnected with each other. The first
consisted of twenty pairs of two-inch
plates, between the poles of which I placed
a glass cylinder filled with a concentrated
solution of silicate of potassa, in which
was suspended a piece of clay slate by two
platina wires connected with either pole
of the battery. In course of time I observed
sim ilar insects.
"The second battery consisted of many
pairs of cylinders, each equal to a four
inch piate. Between the poles of this I
interposed a series of seven glass cylinders
filled with the following concentrated
solutions: (1) nitrate of copper; (2) sub
carbonate of potassa: (3) sulphate of cop
per; (4) green sulphate of iron; (5) sul
phate of lime; (6) water acidified with a
minute portion of hydrochloric acid; (7)
water poured on powdered metallic arsenic,
resting on a copper cup connected with
the positive pole of the battery. All these
cylinders were electrified and united by
arcs of sheet copper, so that the same
electric current passed through all of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
them. After months I noticed similar
excrescences as those above noted at the
edge of the fluid in every one of the cylin
ders excepting the two which contained
the carbonate of potassa and metallic
arsenic, and in due time a host of insects
made their appearance.
"The third battery consisted of twenty
pairs of cylinders, each equal to a three
inch plate. Between the poles of this
interposed likewise a series of six glass
cylinders, filled with various solutions, in
only one of which I obtained the insects.
This contained a solution of silicate of
potassa.
•'I have also obtained the insects on a
bare platina wire, plunged into fluo-sihcic
acid, one inch below the surface of the
fluid, at the negative pole of a small bat
tery of two-inch plates, in cells filled with
water. This is a somewhat singuiar fluid
for these insects to breed in, who seem to
have a flinty taste, although they are by
no means confined tosilicious fluids."
Professor Crosse supplements his state
ONE REASON FOR CREMATION
It Is Held Jhat Flames Free the Ethereal Form and Hasten the
Progress of tke Real JMan Into the Dreamy Realms
of a Subjective Consciousness
When cremation was first seriously s uggesled in Christian
countries as a desirable method of dispos ing of the dead an out
cry was raised against it. There was a shudder of horror at the
thought. Had some barbarian proposed to desecrate the
resting-places of the dead it could hardly have called forth more
indignant protest from tlie living.
So potent is custom ! For centuries we bad laid our dead In
j tbe earth unquestioningly. We had raised mounds above them
to look like gras-y bedd, and planted them with flowers or
glossy liveforever, as symbols of immortal life. All that affec
tion could invent and art accomplish we had used to make the
"city of the dead" a place of beauty, wherein the ghastliness of
dissolution was so veiled by forms of beauteous life as to be well
nigh forgotten. About it centered so many tender sentiments;
so many loved ones rested there, and interwoven with all the
j memories of the past were the religious hopes that linked their
j home with heaven.
It was not strange, then, that the suggestion to do away
with all these things should raise a general protest. To be sure,
they were mere externals, designed to comfort the living rather
than to benefit those who hod passed beyond the need or care
of earthly beauty; but the living do need comfort, and it is hard
to reason against sentiment. The plea for Christian burial was
so strong that for a few years it seemed very unlikely that any
other mode of disposing of the dead could soon be substituted.
But a sentiment that lacks any natural basis and depends
upon custom merely is often easily undermined by the awaken
ing of more reasonable views. Perhaps we may attribute to
that mental Indolence which makes it so much easier to accept
ready-made opinions than to think matters out for ourselves
the failure of our western world to realize the folly of its burial
customs. It needed a formidable array of facts, all tending to
prove that graveyards are breeders of disease, before people
would consent to consider whether or not they should be abol
ished. And even then it is doubtful if cremation would at this
time have become more than a vague theory lor discussion had
not a few independent thinkers solved the problem of institut
ing a change in custom by boldly breaking away from it. Tbe
first cremation was a greater blow to conventionality than all
the facts of science, or the arguments of those innovators who
convinced of its superior advantages, sought by every possible
means to make clear the soundness of their position. It is so
mv eh to have survived the shock of change.
Sanitary reasons for this change are now quite generally
understood. The infection of drinking water by its passaee
through soil in which decomposing bodies are lyin» the pollu
tion of air by escaping gases from graveyards, the dissemina
tion of di.eaae germs by means of the soil itself are cau-es of
sickness which have been sufficiently commented upon But it
j would be an error to suppose that no other causes than a desire
| for hygienic precaution had operated to bring cremation into
favor, though that doubtless has had the determining effect
It is not merely an overriding of sentiment by necessity'
Strange as it may appear, it is nevertheless true that the very
same sentiments of regard for the dead and consideration for
the surviving friends have been enlisted on the side of the in
novation.
The fact is that when we do not resolutely close our eyes
to truth, but are willing to look upon conditions as they actu
ally exist, the grave is shorn of every tender aspect. All the
beauty which surrounds it is above with the living; below is
ment by saying that the insects were pos
sibly hatcned by electric action, but as
serts that we have no right to assume
that electric action is necessary to vitality
until such fact shall be most distinctly
proved. On this point, however, it has
for ages been the teaching of occultism j
that life is vital electricity, that the spark ■
in the pebble and the blood in the body
are but modifications of the great electric
life force which permeates the whole of
nature; and the varied experiments above
noted themselves afford ample evidence of
the relation of electricity and life, and
point the way to the solution of the prob
lem of the first beginnings of sentient life.
Ram Singh.
A Safe Place
A Yankee in Ceylon, desiring to take a
bath, asked a native to show him a place
that was free from crocodiles. The native
took him close to the mouth of the river,
where our Yankee enjoyed a nice refresh
ing bath. On coming out of the water he
inquired of his guide how this locality
happened to be free from crocodiles.
"Crocodiles 'fraid of shark," replied the
Cinghalese; "too many sharks here!" —
Ueber Land and Meer.
The Dowager -Empress of Germany, the
Empress Frederick, draws from the
British treasury as a British princess the
sum of £80,000 every year.
the foul worm and his sickening feast. Of what use to plant
flowers or to dream at all that the beloved are lying *»ith the
moldering garments that they have cast aside? Why not
recognize the fact that what is left to us is but the clothing,
which sentiment, as well as reason, suggests should be disposed
of in as cleanly a manner as possible? Can we suppose that
the soul rejoices in a preservation of its bodily form, or that it
is honored by the giving of its flesh to corruption?
Such thoughts as these inevitably arise "when we compare
the facts of burial with the purifying action of flame. The fire
element is a purifier beyond comparison. Nothing that passes
through it is really destroyed, for life and matter are alive, in
their essence indestructible. Only the impurities which they
have gathered are dissolved by it, returning afresh and again
fitted for wholesome use into nature's general store. Is it not
then more consistent with dignity and with our ideas of soul
freedom to consume the abandoned clay? Are not our *enti
ments of love and beauty better satisfied thereby?
There is another argument in favor of cremation which has
recently received emphasis from tne publication of a book en
titled "Buried Alive." It is from the pen of Dr. Franz Hart
mann, an experienced physician and widely known student of
the occult. He claims that premature burial is not at all uncom
mon. Citing case after case in which doctors had pronounced
persons dead who were afterward revived, he declares that
nothing but an advanced state of putrefaction is positive evi
dence of death. As the retention of a corpse long enoueh to
permit this state is difficult in private homes, he tells usthat
chambers for keeping tbe dead until the time prescribed for
burial have been erected in ail the large cities of civilized !
Europe. Of course it is better to follow such precautions than I
to risk premature cremation, but there can be no question about
the greater desirability of this fate than that of premature inter
ment. In the one case death would be instantaneous: in the
other would follow the horror of an awakening in the tomb.
But there is still another reason why cremation is now so
often preferred to burial. A study of theosophy hae given to
thousands quite different conceptions of the human constitu
tion from those formerly held. In its explanation of man's seven
fold nature it describes an ethereal body which is linked with
the physical during life, and which is only separated from it
gradually after death. This etheric form is not the spirit. It
is a« truly material as is the body, though of a quite different
grade of matter. Interlinked with every molecule of the
physical form, it can only free itself from this entanglement as
the body dissolves As dissolution does not involve merely a
separation of intelligent soul from the body, but consists of a
gradual letting go by the spiritual nature of all the factors
which make up the fourfold "lower man," it follows that the
process of dropping its "sheaths" is hastened by cremation. A
destruction of the physical molecules sets free the ethereal
form. This in turn is quitted by the spiritual man when, in j
the process of dropping these various coverings of the soul, the
passionate element is forsaken. Though visible fire cannot
avail for this minor purification, it prepares lor it by severing
wholly the still conscious minor body from the corpse. Thus a
changed conception of human nature has led to a belief that we
can hasten the progress of an immortal ego into realms of pure
subjectivity by helping to dissolve its coverings, and in turn
this belief has furnished to many another weighty argument in
favor of cremation. Mebcie M. Thirds.
SAN FRANCISCO'S BARRIERS
AGAINST ORIENTAL PLAGUES
Over on the northern shore of Angel
Island there is a Government institution
known as the Quarantine Station, but it
is a terra incognita to the rest of the
world. Nevertheless, it is about the most
important quarantine station in the world
to-day. It Is the best equipped for the
checking of infectious diseases, and dur
ing the last five months has done more
work of the kind than any other similar
institution in existence, and in the inter
val several important discoveries in dis
ease germs have been made.
Thousands of people pass near the sta
tion in boats of different Kinds and admire
the location of the pretty buildings nest
ling in the verdure of the hillsides, the
placid water of the little bay and the old
warship Omaha at anchor, but none have
any idea of what a busy place it really is,
it is so suggestive of peace and quiet.
But it is ihe institution that looks after
the health of San Francisco. Every ship
that comes in from a distant port is ex
amined by the quarantine officers and if
JKe Best Equipped Quarantine
Station irv tke World
everything is not all right she is ordered
to the pretty place on Angel Island for
examination and disinfection. All of
which is a long, tedious and difficult
process.
The diseases with which the Angel
Island quarantine has to deal are those of
the Orient, principally China and Japan,
and tht'y are the deadliest known. Chol
era, black: plague, smallpox, leprosy and
half a dozen others almost as bad are con
stantly making efforts to get into San
Francisco. That they have not done so
has been due to the quarantine restric
tions and the thoroughness of the way in
whichtheworkhasbeen done.
I The quarantine sta-
Htion is conducted on
Hscientific principles.
HThe idea has not been
flto simply go through
Ha certain formula
Hwitn suspected per-
Hsons, but to study
Hthem and find out
Hwhat diseases of the
HOrient are most com-
Hmon and the best
me%ns of checking
them. The discoveries
that have been made
on Angel Island are
of the greatest impor
tance and will prove
of incalculable bene-
fit in the future.
Dr. M. J. Rosenau
is the physician in
charge of the Angel
Island quarantine
station. He has held
the post about a year,
during which time he
has made efforts to
make the institution
the best of its kind.
Although a young
man Dr. Rosenau has
been through a great
many plagues. He j
was on duty in Ham
burg, Germany, dur
ing the great epidem- I
ie a few years ago, as j
Weil as in other parts I
of Europe. He also
nad charge of tbe
"United States quar
antine in Texas when
500 negroes and Mex
icans were down with !
tbe smallpox, and
kept the disease from
spreading to other
parts of the State.
He likes tee work,
and aims to do all he
can toward checking
disease in the human
race. j
When Dr. Rosenau
took charge of the
Angel Island quaran
tine he was deter
mined to make it a
model institution.
Congress had realized
the importance of the
station and made iib-
Hcral appropriations,
I which he was at lib-
Herty to utilize as be
Isaw lit. His first
was to fit up a
I laboratory for the culture of disease germs
and testing of suspected patients.
At present the laboratory is filled with
tubes containing the germs of the most
deaaly diseases known, and the habits of j
the bacilli have been studied as they
never were before. Dr. Ro3enau has
found out at just what temperature the
germs thrive and what amount of heat or
cold will kill them. He has found that
some need air and to some it is fatal.
Some are indifferen-t to an excess or de
ficiency of it.
The most important thing that has been
discovered is that the germs of a disease
can be found in the blood serum of a per
son long after they have recovered from it.
These germs are fully capable of infection,
and should a person be discharged from
the hospital with them in his system he
could communicate the disease. But un
der Dr. Rosenau's system such a thing is
not possible.
The culture of disease germs is really
breeding. The process is a simple one.
Into a glass tube about eight inches long
and half an inch in diameter there is placed
a small amount of peptonized meat gela
tine. On top of this a drop of infected serum
is allowed to fall. The tube is then put into
an incubator and its progress watched.
The disease germs can be seen to multiply
and descend through the gelatine in a thin
stream within a few days. If the tube is
put into a cool place the growth will stop,
to commence again as soon as the tube is
put back into the Incubator. The method
varies a little with different disease eerms.
When it is desired to find out what kind of
germs may be in a certain tube, micro
scopic examinations are resorted to. By
having living culture all known bacilli I
comparison can be made, so that there can
be no doubt of the ailment of a patient.
Last March, as soon as it was known J
that the black plague was raging in China,
orders came from Washington for all ves
sels coming from tue Orient to be thor
oughly inspected, and for all Chinese pas
sengers and baggage to be disinfected
whether there was sickness on board the
vessel or not.
This might not appear to be much work,
but it really proved to be a stupendous
task, and the results show the wisdom of
it, and are almost enough to warrant it be- '
in? kept up all ihe time. In this work the
health authorities of British Columbia
have co-operated with the United
States and both have worked on the same
principles, although the amount of work j
there is nothing like what was done on
Angel Island.
As soon as Dr. Rosenau knew be bad to
do the work he completed arrangements
for his monstrous task inside of thirty
days. His long experience had taught
him that steam was the best disinfectant
and he made preparations to use it.
In a separate building he had three
cylinders with double walls buiit, each
about 60 feet long and 9 feet in diameter.
One end was' tight and the other was fitted
with a gasket made to swine on a hince.
Connections were made with a steam
boiier bo that the pressure could be turned
directly into the cylinders or into the
space between tneir wails. Numerous
other tbings|bad to be done, but all was
j4oW the Lepers and
Cholera patients
Are j<ept .
y\Way
ready for the first batch of Chinese that
came.
There were over 350 of them and they
were dumped, bag and baggage, on the
wharf, a jabbering, excited crowd. Signs,
in Chinese, had been placed in different
places telling them what to do, so that no
trouble was experiencea on this account,
and they really seemed amused at the
whole proceeding. Their food was pro
vided by the steamship companies, and as
they were well fed, according to their
ideas, they did not care how long the
| thing lasted.
j The first thing done was to have the
Chinese put their baggage into tbe steam
cylinder. Nothing was excepted, even
the teapots. The men were then made to
go into a bathhouse and remove all of
their clothes, which were then put into
the cylinder with the baggage.
Before taking a shower bath with hot
water each man was inspected by the doc
tor and if there was anything suspicious
he was taken to a separate building.
The bath included plenty of carbolic
I soap, after which each man was given a
suit of overalls, that had been disinfected,
so that when he came out there was no
possibility of his having any germs about
his person. Money ana small articles were
dropped into carbolic acid and handed
back immediately.
After being thoroughly disinfected and
attired in a suit of clean overalls the Chi
namen were allowed to roam over the
! grounds pretty much as they pleased, care
! being taken that they did not get too near
the fence of the military reservation. But
as a rule they do not go far from their
j clothes and the cookhouse. Three meals,
served regularly each day, is a pretty big
temptation to John. He knows when he
has a good thing, and sticks to it.
There is one place on the island to which
the Chinese never go after they know what
it is. It is one of the prettiest buildings
jon the station, with wide porches that
i offer tempting shade, but at the foot of
l the, stairs there is a sign that informs
readers in different languages that it is the
"Lazeretto" or Pesthouse. The Chinese
are informed that men with cholera have
been in there and that settles it for
"John." He had enough of that where he
came from without traveling 6000 miles to
strike it again.
While on the island the Chinese are
housed in two hospital buildings. They
are provided with food, clean bunks, but
of course must furnish their own bedding.
If the weather happens to be cold the build
ing is heated, they may be comfortable.
Atter being kept three days, providing
nothing contagious turned up, the Chinese
I were given back their clothes and turned
over to the customs officials.
The disinfecting cylinders have on num
erous occasions been the means of cap
turing smugglers. One Chinese had put a
large box of opium into his blankets,
which of course melted as soon as tbe
steam was turned on and ran all through
the bundle. When the steam was turned
off that part of the cylinder and into the
walls the blankets dried perfectly so that
when they came out the owner of the
opium was dumfounded at the sUht of
I his "dope."
Since this careful system of inspection
| and disinfection has been in operation
5000 Chinamen have been bandied and
several diseases were discovered that
otherwise would have got into San
Francisco. Not a single case of plague was
found, but smallpox and diphtheria have
turned up on more than one occasion.
These had evaded the scrutiny of the quar
antine boarding officer, but were discovered
by Dr. Rosenau as soon as the men got
their clothes off.
It was in the treatment of the latter tdat
Dr. Rosenau ascertained that the germ
lived after the men got well. One diph
theria patient was ready to discharge. Ho
has passed through all tne stages of the
disease and was apparently a well man,
but his blood serum in the culture-tube
quickly developed bacillus, and would
have done the same thing had it come in
contact with a human being.
Of course he was not allowed to go.
Examinations were made each day until
no bacillus was found in the test-tube, and
the man was allowed to take his depart
ure. The same phenomenon was observed
in other patients, so all are now made to
undergo the test.
The test is advantageous to the sick man
as well as to the quarantine officials.
When a man is suspected he is at once
placed in a room by himself. If it were
not for the test he would probably have to
be kept there several days unaer any cir
cumstance. But being tested by the im
proved germ methods his condition is es-
I tablished wiihin twenty-four Hours, and if
there is nothing wrong be is allowed to go
with the others.
In case he is sick with some deadly
disease, the test shows his condition
exactly, so that the proper medicines can
be administered in order to give the great
est chances of cure. The fact that germs
are known to remain in tht» system long
after the man is well will, very likely,
account for what are known as "relapses."
1 But while it is demonstrated beyond doubt
that they are there, the remedies can b«
administered until all danger is past.
This is a most interesting phase of dia
| ease and rather hard to understand.
j After further investigation there is little
doubt but that it will have a great deal to
do with stamping disease out of the world.
It has long been supposed that after a
I patient had passed a certain stage of
I disease it was out of his system and that
that was the reason he was convalescent.
Numbers of the Chinese are diseased in
different ways, but when not contagious
they are treated and given medicine and
allowed to go with the others.
As the plague is still raging in China
there is little possibility of the regulations
in respect to men from that country being
changed. But the people of San Fran
cisco can rest in safety as far as any dan
ger of the importation of those diseases is
concerned, for with such a thorough in
spection it is irapos ible.A CALIFORNIAN'S RECOLLECTION OF NATURALIST AUDUBON
Trip to Labrador With
a Famous Ornithologist
There is probably not another man in
the world to-aay who can look bacfc to
personal association with the famous or
nithologist and ornithological painter,
John James Audubon, with the vividness
that characterizes the recollections of
Joseph A. Coolidge, who for more than
twoscore years has been a prominent citi
zen of San Francisco, and who is hale and
hearty now at the advanced age of 81
years. Audubon's Hfeworfc is more ap
preciated to-day than it was fifty years
ago, when he was at the summit of his
celebrity, and his studies of birds and ani
mals in the original editions are valued as
among tbe rarest treasures. Audubon
was born on his father's plantation, near
New Orleans, May 4, 1780, and breathed
his last at his home on the Hud- !
son January 27, 1851. As a child,
lying among the flowers of the
sunny southland, sheltered by the orange
trees and watchiAg tbe movements of the
mocking-bird, "the king of song." dear to
him in after life, the career of the natural
ist was opened out to him unconsciously.
His father gave him a thorough education,
but the old man, who was a commodore
in the French navy, designed John to be
a follower of Napoleon in the Grand
Army. The boy, too, longed to be a
soldier at one time during his youth, but
his nest-hunting propensities led him
away from that notion. While being edu
cated in France, he made frequent excur
sions into the rural regions, supplied with
haversack and provisions, and usually re
turned loaded with objects of natural his
tory, birds' nests, birds' ejrgs, specimens
of moss, curious stones, and other objects
attractive to the eye. Warfare, he found,
was not his bent, and he came to America
again, after finishing his schooling, to
superintend his father's lands.
In 1833, when Mr. Coolidge, then a lad
of 18, first met the great ornithologist,
Audubon's locks were gray, ana he looked
quite venerable, although his age was
only three years over the half-century
mark. At that time he was distinguished
the world over. He was the possessor of
letters from the British Government
which would place at his service in the
interest of his studies any man-of-war \
belonging to the crown and not under
orders and anchored on a coast alone
which he was desirous of cruising. Young
Coolidge accompanied him on the trip to
Labrador durine the summer of that year, j
"My father had charge ol a revenue
BROTHER
OF LORD CHARLES
RUSSELL
He Is a Distinguished
Writer, Editor, Poet
and Catholic
Priest
While the cultured portion of the Eng
lish-speaking world has been discussing
the message of peace brought over from
England, and presented in one of the most
remarkable speeches of the time by Lord
Charles Russell of Killowen, Lord Chief
Justice of England, not a word has been
said of his distinguished brother, the Rev.
Matthew Russell, S.J., of Dublin. In the
dazzling brilliancy of the man who has set
all nations thinking through his address
on international arbitration and interna
tional law, in the wisdom, knowledge and
kindly greetings in this great effort, it is
The REV. MATTHEW RUSSELL, S.J., of Dublin, Ireland, Brother
of the Lord Chief Justice of England.
no wonder that other eminent members of
his family should pas- nnnoticed.
And yet the Key. Mttthew Russell in
his own sphere has already left the im
press of his thought and labors upon edu
cated Irishmen at home and abroad, and
thus without solicitation secured the last
ing respect of those who appreciate any
work tending toward the literary advance
ment of Ireland. In this direction alone
the zealous priest has been for many year*
an indefatigable student, writer, editor,
critic; and even from spare moments in
his busy career has found time and oppor
iunity for attnning his soul to poesy.
Though Father Russell has contributed
abundantly to current literature, yet his
inclination to woo the muse has been
fruitful of many simple but sweet and
dignified versus. It is mainly, however,
through his excellent literary taste, com
bined with enthusiasm and energy, per
cutter, and had taken Audubon around to
various islands on the Maine coast in
quest of rare birds," said Mr. Coolidge,
yesterday, in a reminiscent mood.
"Audubon dined at our house in East
port, Maine, and there he informed us
that he had chartered a schooner for a
cruise on the Labrador coast and was
nearly ready to start. His party con
sisted of two young physicians from Bos
ton—Drs. Ingalls and Shattuck— Thomas
Lincoln of Bangor and John Audubon Jr.
Audubon asked me if I knew how to sail
a boat and I readily replied in the affirm
ative. As readily did I consent to go with
him when he invited me, and when my
parents expressed their willingness that 1
should go. Well, he gave me charge of a
sailboat and we were shortly cutting
the waves on our voyage from East
port,
"And now let me tell you an incident.
Audubon was what you may term a free
drinker, and, furthermore, he was a great
snuff taker. He took on the schooner
only a barrel of rum to be used in pre
serving birds. What other liquors there
were the old man collected, and as we
were passing the Eastport Lighthouse he
took a last drink and said to us, 'Boys, no
more drink- for me.' With that he threw
the liq'iors into the waves. Then he fished
out his snuffbox, and after takinea pinch,
exclaimed, 'No more snuff,' and flung the
box and its contents after the liquors into
the tide.
"First we skirted the Magdalene islands,
and then struck the coast of Labrador.
The people of the Magdalenes were all
French. I should tell you right here that
Audubon was a great talker. Now, every
man he met there he stopped and entered
into conversation with him. He was as
affable as he could be; he had an attrac
tive personality ; you had only to meet
him to love him, and when you had con
versed with him a moment you looked
upon him as an old friend rather than as a
stranger. Well, I accompanied him on
one of his journeys through a French
settlement, »nd he stopped to talk so many
times that I grew quite weary at our lack
of progress on foot. Finally I could not
refrain from asking him, 'Dad (for we
called him by that fatherly name), why is
it that you have to stop and talk to every
person you see ?'
'"My boy,' replied the naturalist,
smiling and patting me on the back, 'in
all my years, I have never yet met a person
haps also with executive ability and a
desire to uplift his people, that his influ
ence is most directly discernible.
These qualities have all had their effect
in raising the Irish Monthly, which is
edited by Father Russell, to a nigh stand
ard among the best periodical literature of
Great Britain and Ireland— a standard
which is recognized in the literary circles
of London. Farther away from home,
where different ideals may obtain in re
gard to current literature, the Irish
Monthly receives its full share of admira
tion. It is a significant sign that even
here in San Francisco this magazine tinds
constant subscribers among educated
men from the "green little island."
Unlike the influence of the new school
of Irish writers in London there is a
wholesomeness in the direction given by
Father Russell's taste which leads to the
higher ideals. It is refreshing to find a
literature nowadays that does not seek a
market price nor strive to be odd and alto
gether unlike what one has read ; and such
indeed is found in the Irish Monthly.
The effect of this beacon light on the read
ing public may easily be imagined; it
may be felt in intellectual circles in Dub
lin or wherever the magazine is read, and
it is through this that the name of Father
Matthew Russell will long be remembered.
Father Russell was born in Navry, Ire
land, in 1834. He studied in Maynooth
College for the priesthood, where his uncle,
the late Very Rev. Charles W. Russell,
D.D., was president. His studies were
finished in France and England. Early
in life his love for literature showed itself,
and when a priest with arduous duties,
demanding continuous labor day after
day, lie still gave up leisure hours to writ
ing. "Without hope for material reward
he has worked for many years, giving all
his best efforts to the intellectual advance
ment of his people. He has written three
volumes of poems: "Erin: verses— lrish
and Catholic," "Emmanuel: a Book of
Eucharistic Verses," and "Madonna:
Verses of Our Lady and the Baints."
His prose works are largely found in
serial form in the magazine which he has
edited and still edits with extraordinary
success. ''Emmanuel" has passed its
seventh edition, a fact which denotes its
great popularity. Father Kussell is known
to the Irish race and lovers of good, pure,
wholesome literature all over the world.
THE SAN FRASTCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
from whom I could not get at least a little
information of value.'
"Reaching Nathasguan, a Hudson Bay
station on the coast of Labrador, on the 3d J
of July we s-ent to buy some salmon in ;
order that we might calebrate tlie fourth ■
with a fresh-fish dinner. So strict were j
the rules of the Hudson Bay Company
that we were unable to purchase fish or i
any kind of provisions at all. The people j
positively refused to sell us anything. But |
we did not yield so easily to fate, and
when ni«ht came down we secretly low
ered our nets and drew up four splendid
KILLED THE TEXAS OUTLAW
The Man Who Took Sam Bass and Tamed the Lone Star State.
Remarkable Career of Colonel Ware, the Famous Ranger
and Border Sheriff.
Tbe man who tamed Texas is at the
Grand Hotel. He has been more poten-
tial than all the Governors, probably,
that ever occupied the executive office in
the Lone Star State, and some of them
have been very nervy, as all who r-e in-
formed regarding the outlaws that once
held sway in the Staked Plains and the
Brazos, Pecos and
Red rivers, will act-
He was aided ma
i terially at times by
j the Texas Rangers,
| but he was for a long
i time a ranger him
self, so that he knew
how. to aid them, and
thus bring order out
of chaos that so long
reigned or. the Texas
borders.
This man is a quiet
speaking gentleman,
who never would be
taken for a man who
had braved the worst
cutthroats who ever
infested a State. He
is Colonel A. C.Ware,
now United States
Marshal lor the West
ern District of Texas,
for a long time a
Sheriff, and before
that for many years
one of the bravest of
the rangers.
He is a gentleman
of medium height,
heavily built, with
ruddy cheeks, mild
blue eyes and dark
hair and mustache.
He appears now to be
under 50 years of age.
He went to Texas
from Virginia when a
youth, and it was
there that he attained
such skill in the use
of the shotgun and
revolver as to make
him the wonder of
the country.
The thing that has
made him famous
over the world was
the killing of the au
dacious outlaw, Sam
Bass. Every one re
members something
of the career of this
wicked criminal. He
had killed more men
than would fill many
a graveyard. He con
tinued his career for
years, until the ex
ecutors of the law
despaired of getting
rid of him. Yet
Ware's good revolver
in due time did it.
Mr. Ware also caus
ed many outlaws al
most equally notori
ous to bite the dust.
When he shoots he
does not do it by pull-
COLONEL A. C WARE, Ranger, Sheriff and Marshal, Now a
Visitor in This City.
ing the trigger. He sweeps the top of his
gun with his left hand, while be holds the j
i weapon with his right. In this way he I
! shoots much faster than can be done in
j the ordinary way, and his aim is unerring.
The ex-Sheriff and ranger, now Marshal, j
] does not like to speak of himself.
salmon. At the station in question we
met a British surveying schooner, and the
party on board was our only company
there. Well, Audubon had us take two
of our salmon to the surveyors, and so de
lighted were they with the kind consider
ation, as well as the present, that they
sent us in return a quarter of fresh mut
ton, so that we feasted on both flesh and
fish that Independence day.
"We went on cruisine. going into bays
and inlets, and now and then taking trips
inland, examining the country as care
fully as oii-r limited time would permit.
"Thi3 newspaper prominence I never
cared for,!: said lie deferentially, yester
day. "Anybody who has ever had any
j thing like a close fight can get that, but I
j have never sought it. I have already been
given so much prominence in my own
State that I now seek to avoid it as much
| as possible.
"I can only say that from the Gulf to
the Red River and from the Trinity to the
Sabine the country is as quiet as any State
in the Union. It is wonderful what a
change has occurred. When I look at it I
can scarcely believe the change that has !
been made.
Our object was to get birds and to learn as
much as possible about their habits;
studying them as far as we could before
killing them. Strange birds we would
shoot when chance offered; bring there
aboard the schooner in the night, and
there have them skinned, stuffed and
hung ap.
"One of the islands on the west coast of
Labrador discovered to us a most peculiar
situation, politically speasing. It was
occupied at that time by a Frenchman
and his family, and he was in reality mon
arch of all he surveyed. His island had
"No, if you ask me for anything but my
own exploits I will tell you, but I dislikj
to talk about myself."
But Marshal Ware's friends are not so
reticent as he la. One of them, who was
for many years a Texas ranger, who called
on him at the Grand, recounted some re
markable reminiscences in Mr. Ware' j
strange life.
"He was Deputy
Sheriff of Trinity
County, with head
quarters at Colorado '
City, when he killed
Sam Bass," said he.
"The rounding up of
the criminal and sev
eral of his band was
done at Red Rock. It
was done in 1882.
Bass was the most
notorious of the noto
rious in Texas in his
day.
"Bass was worse
than the fearful out
law for whom Jules
burg was named, and
worse than Blade.
who, after many
frightful homicides,
was finally hanged at
Virginia City, Mont.
"Bass was guilty of
everything from pet
ty larceny to murder
in the first degree a
hundred fold. He and
three desperadoes of
bis band came into
Colorado City in the
evening. They bad
the audacity to come
in after a drink. They
went to a saloon
there, and Ware tack
led them single-hand
ed and managed to
lodge bullets in each
of the three.
"Two of them were
dropped from their
horses, and were
dragged away with
their feet in the stir
rups. Baas, who was
wounded, endeavored
to make a bold light.
There was a rain of
bullets.
"The outlaw, after
he was shot, man
aged to get on his
horse and galloped
away. But the rang-
I era followed and
found where he bad
fallen off from loss of
blood and crawled
under a tree. He
lived for about twen
ty-four hours after
ward, and he gave full
credit to Ware for
having snot him,
though before the
shooting ended in the
town a number of
others had joined in
the fusillade. It was
the greatest battle of the kind ever won
in Texas."
"Mr. Ware was twenty years a ranger
in Texas," said United States District
Attorney R. N. Culbertson of Texas, who
came with Marshal Ware to this City.
"He was first a ranger and then captain of
Interesting Reminiscences
Told by J. A. Coolidge
not been included in the terms of the
treaty ceding Canada to Great Britain, and
he paid no tax to any nation, and was, as
it were, the king of his island. This par
ticular Frenchman had been to Quebec for
provisions, and had there learned of
Audubon's contemplated voyage to the
Labrador coast. Tbe naturalist visited
the owner of the island, and was aston
ished to Lear the man greet him by name.
"Audubon was always busily engaged
at night measuring and drawing birds.
He would work oftentimes until com
pletely worn out. One night he turned to
me from his labor and said, 'I do not
know what I would not give for a glass of
good brandy!"
" 'I think I can get you a littlt,' I re
sponded.
•• 'What!' exclaimed he in surprise.
'You know where there is brandy?'
"When I left home my mother packed
ray chest with care. She left nothing out
that she deemed useful or necessary. She
did not even neglect to put in a bottle of
brandy, which might serve as a medicine
in the northern wilderness. 1 brought it
out and Audubon sipped of it.
" 'Don't touch this, any one of you!' he
commanded. 'It is for me only,' and
gradually he emptied the bottle.
"When I went aboard the schooner at
Eastport I had taken along with me a box
of snuff to present to the old gentleman,
with whom I wanted to be on pleasant
terms. When he threw that snuffbox of
his overboard I did not feel like present
ing the gift. Here in the solitude, how
ever, it was different.
" 'Now, how would you like a pinch of
snuff?' I laughed.
" 'As mortals seldom obtain all they
wish,' replied he, 'they should study to
be contented with what they can get.'
" 'But I can find you some snuff.'
" 'If you can you will be quite an angel.'
And when I brought the snuff to him he
as happy as a child on Christmas
morning with a wealth of gifts in its lap.
"At St. Georges Bay we found a French
settlement, the people ot which were all
educated and of most refined appearance.
They had been there many years. They
tendered our party a grand ball. Tbe
dresses worn on that occasion were all
of a pattern half a century out of
date. It seemed like a bit of the France
that existed before the Revolution trans
planted on American shores, and the
old fashions had never changed. We
a company of rangers. Then he was
Deputy Sheriff and finally Sheriff of
Mitchell County, a position he held for
twelve years. Mitcheil County was then
possibly the worst in all Texas.
"Along the Texas Pacific Railroad in the
wild country had gathered hordes of the
notorious men who had fled from justice
in different parts of the United States.
Ware not only killed Sam Bass, but he got
many other criminals who had committed
all the crimes in the decalogue.
"Since retiring as Sheriff he has been
United States Marshal, holdine the office
for the past three years. He is a Vir
ginian by birth, and is as brave a man as
ever faced a gun. His services have been
of great value to the State. I do not
know that he would like for me to say any
thing about him, but since The Call has
asked me I can truly say that probably
no man lives who is so able to cope with
the worst of criminals. He has shown it
by his long career in which he has braved
dangers enough to kill a regiment of men. j
"When he shoots," was added, "he does
it by drawing down on his mark, and the
! second he gets the sight, as the gun falls,
he snaps the hammer with his other
hand, and whatever he shoots at is hit.
He sweeps his hand over the hammer
LIZETTE HOSKINS, the 7-Year-Old Musical Prodigy of Reno,
Nev n Who Plays Solos on the Horn.
with lightning-like rapidity, continuing
his firing, and in this way shoots far
faster than could be done by simply pull
ing the trigger.
"Most men can't see how he shoots
straight, but Ware knows how. He is the
coolest man that ever faced an enemy, and I
is as modest as a child. He never talks
about the many fearful chances he has
run. As I said, I don't suppose he'll j
thank me, either, for saying anything.
*> "Bass killed many innocent men, who
never in any way molested him. He did
it out of pure devilishneas. He also killed
many officers, and altogether led such a
life that he was the terror of Texas.
Oftentimes he would ride into a place and
hold up the whole town. It was not till
Ware appeared on the scene, after years of
crime, that Bass bit the dust, and bis band
was entirely broken up. Mr. Ware is a
public benefactor."
spent a week enjoyably there. Thence we
returned by way of Pictou, Nova Scotia,
where the museum of Professor McCul
loagh was thrown open to us and every
courtesy shown us. The overland stage
brought us to Halifax. Here Audubon
made a call upon the Bishop. He had
good reason to believe that his Excellency
was at home, but he was told upon send
ing in his name that the Bishop was away.
Audubon was a very sensitive man. The
next day he received word that the Bishop
would call upon him on the following
evening. Before that time arrived, how
ever, Audubon had packed up his traps
and lett with his party. He chose to be
'out' when the Bishop came.
"Audubon was a good shot. In killing
birds the instructions were to use as few
shot as possible, in order that the skin of
the birds might not be damaged any more
than was absolutely necessary. One day
our pilot went ashore with him, and saw
him shoot at a bird at seemingly easy dis
tance and miss it. The pilot laughed loud.
" 'If I'd throw up my hat,' he declared,
'you couldn't hit it.'
"Audubon put another load in his gun.
'Throw it up and I'll try,' said ho.
"The pilot had but one hat, and it would
be a long time before he could get one to
replace it. He threw it into the air, and
Audubon blazed away and blew it all to
pieces.
" 'I always thought I was a darned fool,'
sadly murmured the pilot as he tied knots
in the corners of a handkerchief, so as to
make a headcovering.
"In his drawings, Audubon was par
ticular in the extreme. All his drawings
are life-sized, and his desire to be per
fectly accurate was such that he would
measure the features to get the actual
size, and take particular note of the over
lapping features.
"When I visited New York in 1849, on
my way to California, I intended to pay
my respects to the aged naturalist, but I
was informed by his son that the old man's
mind was failing; that he would hardly
recall me, and that it would not be a
pleasure for me to meet him in that
melancholy decline. Thus I chose to re
member him as of old, and I came West,
and to this day I can see nim — a magnifi
cent, gray-haired man, childlike in his
simplioity, kind-hearted, noble-souled,
lover of nature and lover of youth, father
and brother, friend of humanity, and one
whose religion was the golden rule."
LATEST
MUSICAL PRODIGY
OF RENO
Twelve- Year-Old Girl
From Nevada Who
Plays the
Horn
At a musical entertainment given a few
evenings ago at Union-square Hall one of
the novelties on the programme was a
j solo on the horn performed by little
Lizetta Haskins of Keno. Though out
7 years of age she carried her audience by
storm and proved herself a master of this
difficult instrument.
This wonderful child is a daughter
of Nevada, which State has given to
the world of art one singer of interna
tional fame in Emma Nevada, who is
likely to find a successor of even wider
accomplishments in little Lizette Jtlos
kins.
She is a daughter of Gabe Hoskins, a
well-known musician of Reno, and has
lived ever since her birth in a musical at
mosphere. Before she could speak she
warbled and picked out melodies upon a
pianoforte. Her ear for music is perfect
and a false note she abhors. Even at her
present early age she reads at sight music
of any kind and executes the most difficult
compositions with but little effort. The
aim of her teacher is to discourage too
rapid progress for fear of overtaxing her
physical and mental strength, but her
willfulness and strong will render abortive
all efforts of restraint, and daily, for hours
at a time, she persists in practice. The
child is motherless, and possesses in full the
musical instincts.
2526
AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHY-LANDSCAPE COMPOSITION
It would be an easy matter to make
pictures if there was only one object in
one kind of light to be considered. But a
picture made under these circumstances
would be very uninteresting and certainly
not pleasine as a combination of light and
shade. To mate a picture it is necessary
to combine a number of objects of inter
esting and pleasing appearance with such
combinations of light and shade as will
bring out the beauties of ail of them. This
is called "composition," and the better it
is done the more perfect the picture will
be. It matters little whether the person
selecting them intends to reproduce them
with oil colors or by the aid of a camera,
the result will depend altogether on the
taste and artistic skill used in the selec
tion.
A well-known painter once said to his
pupil, "If you can't make a picture with
the first five lines you put on the paper,
you had better try again, for you never
will make a work of art with a wrong
foundation." By this the master meant
that the construction lines had to be right
before the details could be added to ad
vantage.
So it is with selecting the subject for
photography. The lines must be right in
the first place. If you get a clump of
trees against a sky and they make an
ugly outline, no amount of developing
will ever make them otherwise. It is the
subject that makes the picture. A well
eelected subject badly focused, badly de
veloped and badly printed will come
nearer making a picture than the finest
kind of a negative where the subject was
badly selected, or one might say, not se
lected at all.
In making a selection every part of the
subject must be considered on the eround
glass. Each part is subordinate to the
other parts. The blank white of the sky
must be considered just as much as the
other objects in the field, for an excess or
deficiency of this is just as disastrous to
good results as the disproportionateness
of any of the objects. To be pleasing, and
that is what photographs are made for,
everything in the picture must harmonize
and balance. The light and shade and the
different objects must "fill" the space.
Things must look as if they belonged
there. If this is not done there will be an
effect of "emptiness" that is not at all pleas
ing.
How many young photographers make
pictures like the accompanying drawing,
entitled, "Scene Near Stockton." and just
as many times wonder what is the matter
with them. They do not have the same
effect as the scene in nature, although all
of the details are there. But the picture
is empty. There seem to be a great
many things in a space too big for them.
THE HANDS OF WOMEN
Athletic Girls Who OFten Find It Easier
to Row Than to Darn
Stockings
It has lately come in my way to ex
amine the hands of a number of girls in
various walks of life.
The results of my observations have
been at once interesting and surprising.
1 found, for instance, the best developed,
most capable hands that came under ray
observation to be those of a hair-dres~er
and of a young girl who devotes many
hours daily to piano practice. In all cases
the development of the hands wa3 faulty.
Curiously enough the hands of the three
athletic girls who submitted their mem
bers to my investigation were inflexible,
unequally developed and but imperfectly
dextrous. Each of them had a good grip, j
but was awkward in certain little delicate j
manipulations with which she was tested, |
and could bear but little strain npon the
outstretched fingers. One of them couhi
not darn stockings well because to hold
the needle "tired her hsnd dreadfully."
Nevertheless, she could hold the handles
of her bicycle for hours at a time; could
travel on her hands along the parallel
bars, sustaining her entire weight by each
hand alternately. She could come down
a rope band over hand, and pulled a capi
tal oar, but she was groaning audibly over
her cramped fingers after writing for half
an hour.
Now, it was not unwillingness to darn
stockings, or to write, that caused this
tired feeling to take possession of the ath
letic hand. We are most of us deficient,
through neglect, in manual dexterity and
endurance. Nearly all our work, nearly
all our play, and quite all of our ordinary
athletic exercise is of the sort that hurts
rather th%n helps the hands. Your
trained oarsman has particularly helpless
hands when it comes to anything more
delicate than gripping an oar. Notice the
hands of the bicyclist, man or woman,
the ball-player, the cricket expert, and
you will see that they have a tendency,
when idle, to ciose upon themselves. You
can already tell the bicycle girl by her
clenched fists. The reason for this is ob
vious. Those muscles of the hand that
grip and hold are getting too much exer
cise, while those that extend the fingers,
that keep the palms open and assist in the
more delicate moves of the hand, are be
coming small and feeble from disuse.
These latter are the muscles that give
roundness and firmness to the wrist and
fingers; that will develop, dimple the
knuckles and cushion the palm, and add
to the beauty of the hand. Their neglect,
moreover, means distinct loss in useful
ness of the member. To the doom science
has written for the race — that it is to be
bald, toothless, sightless and but feebly en- \
dowed with locomotion —there is danger, •
unless we take heed to our employments,
that it shall also come to be written, "with i
hands that have Jost their cunning."
This would indeed be a pity, for the
human hand, more than any other physi
cal attribute, has determined human supe
riority. The development of the thumb
had more to do with man's spiritual
growth than had {.he loss of the tail.
Every girl who desires useful and
shapely hands, fingers able to remove a
fore; gn substance from the eye, as well as
capable of exerting a fourteen-pound pres
sure upon a piano-key, or of gripping a
handle-bar, should devote a certain
amount of time each week to the training
of these members.
There is no better exercise to counteract
the excessive development of the gripping
muscles tiian opening the hand and ex
tending the fingers, separating them as
widely us .possible and bending them
backward. Simple? Try it and see how
almost instantly your inflexible ringers
are exhausted by the effort. Open the
hand, bring the fingers into line and prac
tice rotating the thumb. Unless your
There is too much sky, to begin with, and
the distant objects are too far away from
those in the middle distance. This is
partly due to using a cheap lens, which
has a tendency to do just this very thing.
It is true that if a fine lens had been used
A LANDSCAPE SUBJECT TO BE AVOIDED.
SCENE NEAR STOCKTON.— This is a favorite raotif with many amateurs, but it will
not make a picture except with a fine anastigmatic lens, and only then when
there is an exceptional sky effect Otherwise the effect will be that of emptiness,
as shown in the drawing, which is taken irom a photograph.
and there were a few clouds in the sky the
result might not have been so bad. But
as very few amateur photographers use
any but the ordinary rectilinear lenses
the advice must be to let such subjects
alone. The rectilinear lens throws dis
tant objects farther into the distance and
makes the view look much more empty
than it does in nature. But under any
circumstances the view is not a good com
position. No painter would ever think of
making a picture of it, unless for some
particular purpose, and then it is hardly
likely that he would put his name on it.
How much more pleasing is the drawing
of "A Spring Morning." Every line sug
gests something, and the different objects
are all picturesque in the extreme. This
is called the "upright" style of composi
tion, and the same objects could not be
combined in any other shape to produce
the same result If the camera had been
turned the other way there would have
been a lot of other forms on one or both
sides of the willow tree, and, as a conse
hands are more supple than most that I
have examined, you will find it difficult to
Keep the fingers from co-operating with
the motion of even this comparatively
isolated member. Now, keep the thumb
and all the other fingers perfectly
straight and still move the little finger
sidewise, as far as it will go. Persist in
: this until you are able to keep all the
i other fingers perfectly still. Then prac
| tice keeping the little finger close to the
others and bending it at the second joint..
Keep the first joint stiff and the other
fingers motionless. It will be exceedingly
difficult at first, but by persistent exercise
you will in time be able to do this with
any finger on the hand. It is an excellent
exercise for suppling the fingers.
If your hands are stiff and inclined to
cramp the following is a good exercise:
Sit at some distance from a low table;
stretch out your arms, and rest the tips
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
quence, would have taken away considera
ble of the interest from this part of the
picture. As the picture i 3 they could only
prove a detraction. To be sure those
forms might have been pleasing and in a
way made a picture, but it would have
AN OBLONG COMPOSIT ION— SCENE ON A SAN JOAQUIN RANCH.
I of your fingers and thumbs on the table.
I Keep your fingers as straight as possible
' to the first joint. Let the bend come here.
: Now, sustaining your weight upon the
outstretched fingers, rise slowly to your
toes; stand thus for a moment, then sit
down, still keeping your fingers on the
table. When your hands have become
stronger try sustaining yourself upon your
tiptoes, with your fingers against the
wall, standing at arm's length from it,
ana, finally, practice lying upon the
floor, face downward, and pushing your
self up with your fingers pressed against
the floor. Do not let the palms touch the
floor at all. This is a pood exercise for the
arms, as well as the fingers, and .tends to
develop the triceps muscles, giving
roundness and fullness to the back
of the arm* and helping to build up the
I shoulders. Lifting weights is good exor-
I'cise for separate fingers. Begin with
small weights and gradually increase.
I You will find yourself in time able to lift
a very heavy weight, even with the little
finger. If you have access to a good gym
nasium you will do well to practice this
lifting with the aid of the proper appli
ances, but, lacKinsr these, proceed cau
tiously and patiently with such apparatus
as you can contrive at home. Be careful,
however, not to overdo. Your object is to
supple and strengthen the ringers, not to
strain them or enlarge the joints.
Vary your exercises from time to time
by holding a small coin, say a dime, be
tween the tip of the thumb and that of
the lirst finger. Extend this exercise to
each of the other linger?, until you can
hold the coin, lightly, between the thumb
and little finger for five minutes without
fatigue. Try holding it, always tightly,
between the ends of the finders as well.
A rnbber ball or a wad of paper squeezed
in the hanrl lor a few minutes every day
will develop the grip and strengthen the
fingers, but simply opening and shutting
the fingers is better still. Close the right
hand and put it in the left palm holding
both bands down at one side. Now press
upward with the left hand and down
ward with the right until you have raised
both hands on a level with your chin.
Repeat with the left hand in the right
palm. This is capital for strengthening
wrists and forearms. A month of this
sort of work should make an appreciable
difference in your ability to endure man
ual exertion. You should find sewing,
writing, the use of small tools and instru
ments, of pencils and brushes, in drawing
and painting, and iii fact, every aort of
minute manipulation easier. At the end
of six months of faithful exer ciße of the
hands you will find you have made great
progress in manual expertness. You can
contrive for yourself all manner of deli
cate exercises. There is none better than
dropping water from a vial. Hold the
vial in one thumb and forefinger, the
cork in the other, and let the water run,
drop by drop, upon the cork and thence
into a saucer. Count the drops as they
fall. Thus hands, nerves and eyes get a
wholesome and delicate exercise.
Pekelopb Powelson.
been a different picture and coula not pos
sibly have been made to express the same
idea. Such compositions are plentiful
enough in this part of the State. Up around
San Rafael there are any amount of just such
scenes, and if the amatenr gets started on
them he will find it a hard job to tackle
anything else. The best result will be ob
tained on a picture like this by making it
early in the morning, when the distant
trees are softened by mist. Don't use too
fast a plate and you will surely be pleased
with the result.
"San Joaquin Ranch" is an oblong com
position and is very easy to make. Be
sure that you get close enough to the
trees in the middle distance. After fo
cusing your camera cut off your fore
ground with the rising front and leave
plenty of sky. The exposure must suit
the subject, although the one from which
the drawing was made was a very short
one. A print taken from this plate will
not at first produce a pleasing effect
There will be too much sky. Say it is an
Bxlo plate. It will then be necessary to
cut off about three inches of the sky, leav
ing the print sxlo inches. The effect of
doing this is to make the objects and the
light and shade balance and harmonize.
By studying the drawing it will be seen
that the light of the water and sky are
about equal in quantity to the dark of the
trees and grass, which was not the case be
fore the sky was cut off. A composition
like this will make a picture at any ho ur
between the first break of dawn and the
last ray of daylight.
"Buildings in Mexico" shows the cir
cular form of composition, which is the
easiest to work. The same picture printed
RECORDS OF ATHLETES
Useful Data for Those Interested in
Outdoor Sports— By George
D. Baird
Hurdling— lso yard*, eight hurdles, 3
feet 6 inches high. H. L Williams ran
this distance in 13J4 seconds in New York,
September 20, 1890.
1.0 yards, over ten flights, 3 feet C inches
high. This is the most popular hurdle
race of all and is on thechampionship list
in England and America, also the inter
collegiate and inter-university. The best
on record in the world is 15 2-5 by Stephen
Chase on Travers Island, N. V., Sejitem
ber 28, 1895. Next to this stands the Pacific
Coast record of 15% seconds, by W. H.
Henry, at the championship games. May
30, 1892. England's best is 15 4-5 bj D. D.
Bulger, at Ballsbridge, Ireland, August 1,
1832, and the same by Godfrey Shaw, Lon
don, July 6, 1895.
220 yards over ten hurdles, 2 feet f>
inches high. The best on record for this
event is 24 3-s seconds by J. L. Bremer Jr. of
j Harvard at the intercollegiate games, New
York, May, l!S05. The Pacific Coast record is
2G seconds by Harry Torrey on the curve of
the Olympic track. This event is not pop
ular in England.
We will now turn our attention to the
records for walking. For one mile we find
that W. Perkins has held undisputed pos
session of the record for nearly twenty
years. On June 1, 1874, I c waited a mile
at London in 6:23. The best amateur
record in the world is 6:29 3-5 by F,P. Mur
ray at New York October 27, 1883.
The best professional record in America
Is 6:."G 3-5. by J. Meagher, at New York
November 29, 1882. The Oest amateur record
for England is 6:32 1-5. by H..Whyatt, at
Birmingham, May 3, 1884. The best on
record for the Pacific' Coast is 6:48 3-5, by
Horace Coffin at the championship games
May 30, 189 L
The best record for two miles is 13:14,
by J. W. Raby at London August 20,
1883. The English amateur record is
13:44, by W. J. Sturgess at London Sep
tember 14, 1895. America's best is
13:48 3-5 by Murray at Brooklyn, N. V.,
May 30, 1884. Only a trifle worse than this
is the performance of J. Meagher, the pro
fessional, 13:49 3-5, November 29, 1882, at
New York. The best coast record is
15:24}5, by Horace Coffin at thechampion
ship game?, October 15, 1893.
Three miles. Best on record, 20:21^,
by Raby, at London, August 20, 1883. The
best amateur time is 21:16 4-5, by Stur
gess, at London, September 28, 1895. In
America we havo an amateur record a
little better. On November 6, 1883, Mur-
ray walked the distance in 21:091-5 at
New York. The professional record for
America stands at 21:11)^, by Meagher,
on November 29, 1882. The best for this
coast is 23:31 1-5, by James Jarvis at the
championship games. May 30, 1891.
Five miles. Raby holds this record
also, having been credited with 35:10,
Au-ust 20, 1883. The American profes
sional is 36:08, by Meagher, as above.
England's best amateur time is 36:27, by
square was not at all pleasing. There was
considerable ground in the front that did
not mean anything and did not even help
to fill out the light and shade. By cutting
this off the different walls of the buildings
all go back Into their proper places and
produce a balance. The light and shade
happen to be good on this picture or
nothing could have been done with it.
The circular form of composition will be
found a very useful shape in more ways
than one. Many pictures that do not look
well when printed the size and shape of
the negative give most satisfactory results
when printed in a circle. A negative with
a bad spot on it can often be utilized with
a circular mat.
The same rules that apply to the sub
jects mentioned apply to all other land
CIRCULAR COMPOSITION—BUILD
INGS IN MEXICO.
Sturgess, October 19, 1895. An American
amateur, W. H. Purdy, covered the dis
tance in 38:00 5-8 at New York, May 22,
1880.
Seven miles. This is the championship
distance on the English and American
programmes, although we do not contest
them on the sane day with the" other
events, as formerly. The best professional
record is 51:04, by Raby, August 20, 1883.
The English amateur record is 51:27. by
Sturgess, October 19, 1895. The best by
an American amateur is 54:07, by E. E.
Merrill at Boston, October 5, 1880. In the
race in which he established the records
mentioned nbove Meagher made the dis
tance in 51:11)^.
Let me say concerning the above that I
have no confidence whatever in the rec
ords credited to Raby. My reasons for
this opinion can be found in my article on
walking in the issue of August 9.
Meagher's records I have the utmost faith
in, as, although I did not witness the per
formance, I watched him while he was
training for the race.
The next subject that we will consider is
jumping, and the first in order is the run
ning high jump. In this game the ama
teurs far exceed the professionals. The
best on record in the world is 6 feet 5%
inches, and it is held by an American
amateur, JM. F. Sweeney, at New York,
September 21, 1895. The next best is by
M. Conroy, at Melbourne. Australia, De
cember 21, 1891. The best Irish record is
6 feet i] 4 inches by J. M. Ryan, August
19 and September 16, 1895. The best Eng
lish record can be regarded with pride by
Americans, foi it is held by W. B. Pago,
our champion at that time (record 6:4),
namely, 6 feet 3)^ inches, and was made at
Stourbridge. Eng. August 15, 1887. The
best by an Englishman is 6 feet 2% inches,
by M. J. Brooks at London, April 7, 1876.
The highest point ever reached by a pro
fessional is 5 feet 11 inches, and curiously
enough by three man on two continents.
D. W. Johnston cleared this height on
July 1, 1879, at Bellville, Ont., and John
West the tame at Brooklyn, N. V., July
23, 1881. As just remarked, England's
professional record is the same, by E.
Vardy, Haydon, August 27, 1859. The
Pacific Coast record is 6 feet 2 inches, at
Portland. June 27, 1896.
Running broad jump. This record is
almost as much of a curiosity as the one
just mentioned, for the best in the world
is 23 :6H, by C. S. Reber, at Detroit, Mien.,
July 4, 1891, and by C. B. Fry, at Oxford,
England, March 4, 1893. Ireland's best is
23:2, by P. Davin, twice in 1883. America
holds the best professional record, 21:6)4,
by Johnston as above, at Guelph, Ont.,
October 13, 1879. There does not appear
to be an English professional record that
I can discover. The coast record is 23:2)4,
by V. E. Schefferstein, at Oakland, June 9,
1888.
Standing high jump. Again the ama
scapes, The first thing to do is to get a
subject that is either picturesque or inter
esting or both. Then study it from dif
ferent views and decide which shows it to
best advantage and also brings out the
best effect of light and shade. Do not get
GOOD UPRIGHT COMPOSITION— "A SPRING MORNING."
teurs exceed, for the best record is held by
an American, 5:3)<, A. P. Schwaner, at
New York, June 11, 1892. 'Scotland's best
is 4:11, by H. Andrews, at Dalkeith, in
1875. The best in England is 4:10, by F.
Hargreaves ami E. Moore, at Pendlebury,
August 5. 1871. Professionals prefer to
use weights when jumping in the stand
ing high, so I decided to omit their per
formances.
Standing broad jump. The greatest
leap on record is 12 :1J^. by an English
professional, J. Darby, ot Dudley, May 28,
1890. H. M. Johnson, the distinguished
American professional, who was known
and died in this City in 1890, cleared a dis
tance of 10:10)^' at New York, September
4, 1884. Schwaner, the American amateur
just referred to, leaped a distance of 10:9%
at Travers Island, near New York, October
8, 1892. The best by an English amatenr
is 10:5, by J. J. Tickle, Manchester, Septem
ber 2, 1871. The best on the Pacific Coast is a
most creditable performance, 10:3)4, by H.
P. Hammond, at the University of Cali
fornia, November 12, 1891.
Pole vaulting. The best on record in
the world under the American rule,
which forbids the leaper to climb the pole,
is 11 feet 5% inches, by W. S. Roden
baugb, at Philadelphia, September 17, 1892.
The English record, under more lenient
rules, is 11:9, by R. D. Dickenson, at Kid
dermaster, Ireland, July 11, 1892. The
best coast record is 10:10)4, by C. E. Dole,
May 3. 1896. ,
Throwing the hammer. The best Amer
ican amateur record is 145 feet % of an
inch, by J. S. Mitchell, at Travers Island,
N. V., October 8, 1892. The best British
record under our rules is 147 feet, by J.
Flanagan, at London, April 6, 1896. Our
best coast record is 136 feet 7)4 inches, by
R. W. Edgren, May 3, 1896.
Putting the shot (16 pounds). Best on
record in the world, 47 fe?t, by G. R.
Gray, at Chicago, September 16, 1893.
Great Britain's best is 46:5)4, by D. Hor
gan, Dublin, August 5, 1894. The best pro-
R. W. EDGREN, Champion Hammer-
Thrower of the Coast.
fessional record is 42:6)^, by D. C. Ross, at
New York, November 4, 1882. The greatest
ever thrown on the Pacific Coast is 40:10)4,
by Ralph Lloyd.
Throwing the 56-pound weight (seven
foot circle with turn), 36:6, by J. 8.
Mitchell, at Philadelphia, October '25,
1888; Great Britain, 36:1, by T. F. Kieley,
at Clonmel, Ireland, August 7, 1893; Pa
cific Coast, 28:1, by V. N. Baculich, at the
Olympic track, September 9, 1891.
in any more than is necessary to the sub
ject, but give that all you can v . But after
all more can be learned in a day by trying
than in a week of reading, provided that
you will "study your ground glass."
Will Sparks.
A BIG RAFT
A Hundred Miles
of Piles Tied
Together
The work of breaking up the big raft of
piles that the steamer Mineola succeeded
in towing down from the Columbia River,
a couple of weeks ago, is steadily progress
ing in Oakland Creek, and the huge chains
that go to make up the sixty tons of metal
that bind the gigantic mass together are
being removed one by one. It will be an
other week, or more, perhaps, before the
last one is loosened, and the thousands
on thousands of logs that comprise the
raft are safely stored inside of the boom
that has been constructed to receive them.
It takes less time to break up than to
make up the great raft, but the task is far
more difficult in its way. The big struc
ture is built in a cradle that rests in the
water and gradually sinks as the weight
increases above, and as it is formed
chains— hnndreds of them — are woven
into the mass to prevent it from being
twisted and broken by the action of the
waves while at sea. When the ponderous
cigar-shaped raft is finished as to form
huge chains are bound around it every
few yards from stem to stern.
These chains, of course, are drawn taut
and snug to the logs as they are pat on,
but that is nothing compared with the
tension on them after they have been fonr
or five days at sea.
The logs swell from contact with the
water until every link is strained to its
utmost with a power from within that
nothing but the stoutest metal could resist.
To loosen such chains is only possible
by cutting the fastenings where the ends
were joined, and such a task is a laborious
one when the weight of the metal is taken
into consideration. As the outside chains
are removed »nd the outside Jogs pitched
into the water more cables come into
sight, and they, too, are as tight as fiddle
strings, and must be cut to loosen them.
To hear of a cigar-shaped structure be
ing towed down from Astoria, or even to
see the raft lying in the creek, conveys no
definite conception of the immensity of
the affair to the average man. It is only
when figures are reached that the true
idea of the vastness enters the mind. To
begin with there are 560,000 linear feet, or
over 106 miles of piles, in that raft.
Enough, if placed end to end, to reach
from San Francisco to San Jose and re
turn, with a few extra miles left over for
good measure. Cut into iuch thick planks
there would be enough placed end to end
to reach from one end of California to the
other and half way back again.
Then look at the length, breadth and
depth of the monster. She draws 24 feet
of water on a beam of 51 feet and a length
of 528 feet and still 8 feet project above
water. When she went into Oakland
Creek at high tide there was just a foot of
water between her and the bottom. To
have bumped on that bottom was to have
wrecked the raft right there and strewn
the bay with piles, and it took careful en
gineering to place it here safely at
anchor. Then there are some interesting
figures connected with the cost of the
raft and the saving that was effected by
bringing the piles down in that shape.
Heretofore, up to the time the first raft
got through, it was necessary to ship piles
down from Oregon and Washington by
vessel or by rail, both routes being expen
sive.
The raft that landed in the bay recently
cost her owners over $60,000, but they
made ? 10,000 or more by her reaching this
harbor safely, that being the difference
in the price between ship rates and the
expense of making up and towing down
the mass. These piles were all carefully
selected as to length and condition, as
they are to be used in a portion of the new
ferry building, and there are nearly 10,000
of them, enough to make a forest of many
acres.MORNING GLORIES.
We blossom in the border land
Where pilgrim shadows strew
The largess of a liberal hand
In glittering gems of dew.
Too timorous our glances are
The noonday watch to keep;
The sisters of the twilight star,
With him we wake or bleep.
—John B. Tabb.
Be sure to read Eva Navone's letter to
day and send to dear little Willie a piece
of California's gold, in words of love.
Tell him about our flowers and fruits,
our beautiful bay, the wonderful ships and
the strange people we meet in our streets.
Tell him about our stores with their great
windows and electric lights; about the
cable-cars that run up-hill aud down, and
break down altogether when we are in the
greatest hurry, and then when you've
done all tnis just let me know how happy
you feel.
A surprise for next week! A prize? Oh,
no: just a little ashamed corner, with all
the misspelled words trying so hard to get
out of sight.
Look out and see that no word of yours
is in that corner.
MARJORY'S
LESSON
A Story for Little Girls, Written by
a Little Girl
Once upon a time there was a poor
widow, who hail two children, tne eldest
of whom was a little girl of 10 years
named Marjory, who was qtute a good
little housekeeper.
She loved her baby brother very much,
and often took care of him all day, vrhile
her mother went out to work.
Marjory loved to make the fire and have
the dinner ready for her mother when she
came home in the evening.
Her mother, being afraid of fire, often
told her not toJight the fire; but Marjory
was self-willed and disobedient.
One day her mother called her and said:
'Now, Marjory, I am going out, and I
shall not be home till late.
'You will have to stay home with your
little brother. Be a good girl and don't
touch the tire."
"No, mamma," said Marjory; "I shall
be a good girl." But Marjory, having
made up her mind to have a good time
just as soon as her mother went out, called
her brother and said, "Now, Willie, you
most be very good or you can't help me
get the dinner."
"All right,' auswered Willie, and he
ran away to play.
Marjory, a- I said before, had made up
!ier mind to have a good time. She would
get a nice, big dinner, and then, when her
mother came home and saw everything so
nice all ready for her, she wouldn't "scold
her,'' thought Marjory.
She we.-it to her mother's drawer and
toot oat her purse. "Oh, dear!" sighed
the Jitt!e girl, "how I wish we were rich —
only $5, just enough to pay the rtnt. I
oon't think mamma would mind if I took
only $1. She will earn enough money to
tiay to make up for it and I can tell her
afterward." So thinking, Marjory took
the money and went to the store. She
bought cakes, fruit, meat and milk. Just
as soon as she reached home she fetched
the wood and made the fire. She
thought that it would not light quick
enough, so she poured coal oil
on it, but when putting it away again she
spilt some on her dress. She did not mind
it, but after awhile she went to put some
wood in the fire, and before she knew it
her dress was on fire.
She rushed out of doors screaming
"Fire l Fire!" She was rescued by two
men, who extinguished tne flames.
Marjory was found to be more fright-;
ened than hurt
The house was seen to be burning, and
the fire alarm tnrned on.
Marjory remembered her little brother
locked in the burning house, and before
she could be prevented she dashed through
the flames, and though nearly smothered
by tne smoke, she found her brother, un
hurt, near the door. She carried him out,
and the;.' just escaped when the walk fell
in, burying everything.
Marjory's mother, who had been able to
come home earlier than she expected, ar
rived just in time to see the walks tum
ble. The poor woman was ao frightened
that she fell in a faint on the ground.
Marjory saw her mother fall, and eagerly
ran over to where she lay. Just then a
kind-looking old man was passing, and
seeing the crowd he hurried on to see
what was the matter. When he saw the
woman lying on the ground he went up to
her, and after locking at her for a
moment he cried, "My daughter! my
daughter!" and looting up he saw Mar
jory's tearful face and also her brother.
He asked her why she was trying, and
after listening to her story he called a
carriage and tenderly lifted the woman
and the two children in, and telling the
driver where to go, jumped in himself.
When Marjory's mother returned to con
sciousness she found a lady bending over
her, and instantly recognized her as her
long-lost sister.
After a happy reunion with her father
and sister, she looked arouiul the room.
"Where's Marjory? Where's Willie?" she
cried. In a moment Marjory and ncr
brother were at her side. "Oh, mamma,"
cried the iittie girl, "I am bo sorry. I will
never do it again." Then she told her
mother the whole story, and was soon for
given.
Marjory lived a long time with her
grandfather, but she never disobeyed her
mother again.
She had received a lesson that she will
remember for the rest of her life.
May Fitzgibbox, age 13 years.
LITTLE NELL
One morning not long ago the noise and
din of firebells were heard clanging
throughout the preat city of New York,
and soon an engine, drawn by three pow
erful horses, came flying down the street.
Its bell sounded — people and wagons
si-uttered in every direction. As the en
i gine neared the crossing a little girl was
; seen to leave the curb and start to cross
\ the street. But before she had fairly
; started the engine was upon her. She
I might have escaped if iear had not caused
her to lo9e her presence of mind so that
she could not move.
The front horse struck her, knocking
; her down, but before the wheels could
touch her an old gentleman canpht toe
little maiden in his arms and carried her
into his room in the hotel opposite. He
la ia bis burden in the arms of his wife,
who, after having attended to ncr and put
her in bed, heard the story of the acci
dent from her husband. Next morning
on awakening the child wished to leave
the hotel, but they would not let her, be
cause she was still very week. The old
gentleman questioned her in regard to her
life. "Where are your parents, little
eirl?" he asked. "Ain't got none," she
! replied, "just sell matches."
"But where do you live?" pursued the
bewildered gentleman.
■Nowhere; ain't got no borne," was the
sad reply.
"And do you mean to say that you live
and keep yourtelf by selling matches?"
he said.
She nodded assent, and before he could
ask her another question she was once
. more in the land of dreams. He held a
hurried consultation with his wife and
had a few words more with the child
when she awoke, with the result that in a
i few hours we hnd her speeding away on a
train to the home of Mr. and Mrs. Lang
i try, her benefactors. On learning that she
had no home or guiding hand to di rect
i her, the old gentleman, having no child
of his own, thought that he would take
■ this friendless iittie one home with him
i to his farm after gaining the co-operation
of Mr?. Langtry.
When the child heard the good news she
was bo wild with joy that she could nardly
keep lrorn screaming at the top of her
. voire.
When they arrived home and Nellie had
been introduced to Dinah, the cook; Bess,
the cow ; Carlo, the great watchdog, the
chickens, the horses and all the other
inhabitants of the barnyard, sne was
shown to her pretty room, took off her
wraps and came downstairs to dinner,
A year has passed, and she is happier
than she has been for a long time.
She has gained permission to invite two
little outcasts, who were her friends in the
i great city, to come and spend a week with
-her in her beautiful country home.
.Dinah cooked and cooked for a week be
fore tuey came, until the great cupboard
was filled with dainty sweetmeats.
On the day of their visit the dear old
pantry was thrown open to them, and the
way they did eat for an hour or more was
a caution. When Dinah returned and be
held the ruin of her work, she exclaimed,
"Laws a massy ! What mould dem little
waifses has, for sure!"
After a few years the kind old couple
died, leaving everything to Nellie. Time
passed, and Nell married weiL • When she
had little children of her own she never
tired of telling to them the story of how
her dear foster-parents had taken her out
of the path of thorns and cuided her the
right way through life.
A ethdr Stjgdejt (age 15).
San Francisco.
A Fen/tent
He had been very naughty, had been rebellious
too,
And there could be no doubt at all what papa
meant to do,
As from its nail he lifted down a tidy little
strap,
Then closed the door lest baby should be
wakened from her nap.
But mamma came and pleaded, as she had
done before,
And bore him off with promises of lecturings
galore.
"You are a dreadful, dreadful boy; go down at
V ;;V- once and say, • :-. . ■•
'Dear papa, I will be so good; oh, (Jo forgive
me pray . . . , . . -
Just think— you tore his precious book and
spoilt his nice new pen.
I will not try to shield you if yon do such
things again."
In hiding mamma waited to hear the lisping
voice —
His meek and prompt obedience had made her
heart rejoice —
I cannot say just how she felt, as on her listen
' ins ear '.
This plea for pardon fell in tones not loud but
brave and clear :
"I am a good boy now, though I was awful bad
to-day;'
And, papa, I forgive you, so may I go out and
, pUyT" A. M. H,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
CHILDHOOD REALM.
ON PARADE
By Kate Stephens
It was a strange power that he bad. It
was not Neilson's music, although that
was the best I ever heard from a harmon
ica. And it was not his military gait. It
was surely his real love for the beasts —
they were his brother.^.
Every Sunday morning, when the
weather was fair, you might see these kin
of Neilson on parade.
They were the belongings of a big farm,
which ran for perhaps a mile along the
yellow waters of the Kaw. Overhead you
would Bee white and sunny skies. In the
dense woods you would hear cardinal
birds whistle in February and doves coo
in May. The soil was a rich bottom-land,
and grew clover and bluejrrass and tim
othy, upon which Neilaon's friends fed.
Of a Sunday morning, as I was saying,
up and down a meadow he would' lead
them— round the old oak, twenty feet in
girth, standing at one end, then all across
field and down to the brook. They made
the figure eight; they made zeros; they
circled round the red windmill that was
ever whirling to pump sweet water for
their troughs. And they made squares
and scallops, Neilson all the time leading
and blowing for dear life upon his har
monica.
For tunes he played such gay things &a
"Annie Rooney," "After the Ball," and
other airs tnat his ear had readily caught;
also melodies of hid native Sweden.
First in the line came "Miggies." She
was a high-bred filly with waya as coax
ing as a woman's. Whenever any one
came by, whether man, or boy, or girl, she
walked, resting her rose-tip on her
friend's shoulder. It was earner, probably,
for conversation. In that way, at least',
she used to tell tales of the field's sports!
Then after Miggies came "Dick" and
"Nick," and nervous "Betsy Bobbet," and
"Fanny Firefly," who was as fine a'back
skin mare as ever laid back ear at the
thought of any sort of wajjon ahead of
her; then the other horses, ten or twelve
of them In aline. But Miggies was always
at tlie head; and in pace with Miggies,
Neilson, blowing like the weßt wind, and!
swinging his legs lite a new recruit in the
goose-step.
Next came the mules. Poor, patient
beasts! they never thought of mingling
with the horses. Social lines were as
clearly and as foolishly drawn in this
meadow as m the big world of men. You
never saw a simple-minded mule hobbling
with a high-born horse. The two endured
each other's presence, and fed in different
patches.
After the mules the cows dragged their
slow feet; Jersey and Durham colors
marked their skins, but two or three long-
Loraed Xexans filled out the herd. Be
tween these thoroughbreds and the natives
of the plains there were, however— and I
am glad to say — do airs and no exceptions.
Together they gossiped and waded the
brooK in the silent noontide heat. And
now they inarched in mixed tile close
upon the mules — so far along the line,
however, that it seemed impossible for
Neilson's mnsic to reach their ears.
But perhaps the oddest of all were the
sheep. Whether they have a sense of
sweet sound I do not know; but they, too,
fell in with the spirit of the march. Per
haps, in a silly, mutton-headed way, they
wanted to do as other folks did. At any
rate, they ambled along in Neilson'a great
line, beads down and tails often wagging
like mad.
Such was the strange power of Neilson
that I first spoke of. That he could lead
so many of his friends, of so different
kinds, in so long and «ievious a march,
merely by playing gay tunes on a har
monica and beating time by the swaying
of his body— this was surely owing to hia
love for them and to their love for him.
. JlY<><ms
There's a bright little 6-year-old in Nash
ville, and his name is George Washing
ton—never mind what the rest of it is.
He goes to kindergarten, and when the
22d of February is observed, all the
other children are firmly convinced
that the little George Washington has
had a birthday party and worry the
teacher to know when their own birth
day party is going to be, and remind her
DECLINED WITH THANKS.
HoThANKYou v ]
MISTER Frog, X k
1 CAHT SHAKEMAMDSt|^Yv^
Bm l oon^xXARE, /x^^A
To B^eggED ore m^f wa^l
that they will be 6 years old, too, next
week, and they want a birthday party, too.
Well, George Washington has been fully
drilled up in the history of the father of
his country, and the leading incidents of
the hatchet story have sunk deep into his
mind, which sometimes he is inclined to
turn to bis own account.
One day George Washington gave his
little sister a pretty sharp blow, which
sent her crying to her mother.
"Look here, young man, aren't you
ashamed to strike your little sister?" said
the mother, severely.
"But, mother — but, mother,' : stam
mered the youngster, "you know George
Wash ing ton never told a lie.*'
"What's that got to do with it?"
"Why, mother, I said I was going to hit
her, and I had to hit her," said the mod
ern George Washington with the full be
lief that he had exonerated himself.
Scarcely able to repress tue smile and re
tain her attitude of severe reproof, the
mother said: "Well, you see to it that you
make no more such promises."— Nashville
American. _
THE LETTER BOX
Pan FiiA-- :*co, Cal., Ausr. 29, 1896.
Dear Editor: i nice to read the children's
page of The Call, ior it has lots of letters, stories
and poems. We have been takiug The Call
for a long time, and we like it very much. As
this if, my first letter I should like to see it in
next Sunday's Call. Your loving friend,
NOKMAN MORGAN.
~ Elmhurst, Cal., Aug. 31, 1896.
Dear Editor: As I have not seen any letters
from this town I thought I would write a few
lines. I have a baby sister who was fourteen
months old yesterday. I have another sister
nine and a brother seven. I remain, yourlittle
reader, Mattd L. Hooper, 11 years.
P. B.— lf you have room I should like to see
my letter published. I shall never take any
paper but Thk Call. _
Marshall, Cal., Aug. 14, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call.
I like the Children's Page very much, and
every Sunday my brothers and sisters and I
always try who will be the first to read it.
I am in the fourth grade. My teacher's
name is Miss Anna L. Horusby. We all like
her very much.
. I walk two miles to school. My letter is get
tins; too long, so I shall close, hoping to see it
jubilated la Sunday's caxi. : Please do not
throw it in the waste-basket. I am, a new
friend, Clelia Leah Bebbi, age 10.
Calistooa, Cal., Aug. 31.
Dear Editor: I want to ask the boys »nd girls
who read The Call to read thete letters from
& Httle sick boy who lives in Kansas. In June i
this letter from him was printed in a paper
called Comfort in a column called "Chats
With Aunt Minerva and Her Owls" :
"I am eleven years old and c*nnot walfe or
stand, bat I will love you all just as much as any
one can. Mamma and I live all alone on a claim
two miles from a station. X can cut out the pic
tures ia my Comfort and mamma keeps her
papers for me. I want to write about my dog
Cato. He is only a year old. Mamma puts me in
my little wagon and Cato polls me. Now, how do
you suppose be pulls me? He takes bold of tbe
tongue with bis teeth aud ruua and pulls me. He
is all the pet I nave. 1 bad a nice kilty, but tbe
coyotes got It. Auntie, do you care if 1 ask my
little cousins to send me some nice cards or
picture-books? I sit in mamma's large rocker ail j
day and play or look at books. Mamma sa.ys I
am her Comfort. \\ ili.ik Zimmkbuax,
"Pierceville, Hans."
[1 bope some of you young: folks that can run
about and play will remember this new cousin
and will write to Willie, or will send him some
tliiii-r. Think, what would you do if you wert
confined to a chair? Remember tbe "Golden j
Rule/'J Amt Jliseeva.
Tierceville, Kans., Aug. 13, 1896.
Dear Little Friends: I received your nice let
ter. I wish to thank you for cards, book, etc.
I have been very ill all summer. I cannot lie
down at night or day. I cough so badly I have
spinal disease, lung trouble and heart disease.
I have a good many letters, cards, papers, etc,
sent me. lam still on the claim, but I believe
when I get able to travel we will leave the
claim, as it is so dry here we can't raise any
thing. I should like to see California. Mamma
says it must be a lovely country. I should like
to see you, Eva, and your little brother. I send
love to you both, as Mamma does also. Your
little friend, Willie Zimmerman.
P. S.— Cato, my doggie, sends his regards, I
know, because he is saying "bow-wow." Ho is
such a nice dog. I sit in my chair all day. At
night Mamma props me up with pillows, but
sometimes I cannot lean against them for
coughing. Willie.
I sent him some pictures, and about two
months afterward received this letter from
Him. Now I want some of you children to
send him something or write a letter to him.
Your friend, Eva Navone.
Kelsetville, CaL, Aug. 30, 1896.
Dear Sirs: This is my first letter to you, and
I hope you will be pleased with it. My father
takes Tije Call, and I read it every night
I am 12 years old. My birthday comes
A VERY QUEER FELLOW.
T /^>
'/T r-r r~^'" M ~' - — -"—>—».
| , [j3gg| yer/ <ju«r kIU (* RotWfo^ He*.
T; 111 give tny test fj^<Jle> if?<>y<>r I.ree
|l [ . J«u^ a. curious, queer felloe as f-H
'i'> ' h all KjhKifitp tWe «m? none lilt asrzr^
A mere iifl§a!ar jello./ you. h.evrv «*;.!{ ire ;v
Hunf di you n-'l/ (ili yoiirC olj 3ai
Fro... Quad t« Cape HcalufCu
 F° r Cver y hme Tin . lend*
; \ H«J.«f» mou/K :rj» fhes cs» open.. -
on September 28. My initials spell my
name. We bad two little pigs, one named
Bryan and the other one is named McKiniey.
"Bryan" died, so that shows tnat "McKlnley"
will get the election. From your little reader,
Roy O. Young.
; San Francisco.
Dear Editor: Welcome home again from
those i sunny sea-girt isles. Do tell ; us some*
thing about your charming trip. Don't be an
noyed with your vice-editor for giving us last
week that naughty prize. You ask us if we want
those prizes, the 950 puzzle-solvers that strove
so eagerly to - win | that prize ; answer, yes, and
hundreds more would soon enter tne list also.
I know some one who is willing to offer a very
nice prize for the j smart little girl or | boy who
first senda la the correct solution of an inter
esting puzzle if the offer is acceptable. Now,
please don't refuse us this favor. Many of
your young readers wish it whose motives are
not mercenary. It gives them above all a
great pleasure to be able to show with legiti
mate pride these rewards as results and tangl
j ble proofs of their bright and youthful intel
ligence and to receive tho congratulation of i
friends, urged on thereby to greater efforts.
"The Call speaks for all." Just for this one
time allow your puzzle-solvers to speak for
themselves. M. I. Seliq.
Du>-S3nJiß, Siskiyou County, Cal., Sept 2.
Dear Editor: I have seen so many letters in
The Call that I thought I would write one, '
too. I have a piece of poetry I should like to '
have published in next Sunday Children's j
Corner, if it is worthy a little space. We are |
camping in the mountains, and are having a ■
nice time, running over the hills and visiting
the mineral springs. We have been on a visit
to the Upper Soda Springs and also to Masons
cave. Our camp is near "Shasta Retreat," and
we have lots of friends there. It is a fine place
for a summer resort, and a great many people
are camping there. There is a spring at
Hedge Creek camp. lam 10 years old. I re
main, yours truly, Beateice V. Coffman.
Pan Francisco, Cal., Sept, 1, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to any
newspaper. I am a boy 12 years of age. I
have three brothers besides me — Arthur, 9
years of age, Alfred, 7, Hugo, 4. My papa_ has
1 been taking The Call since three years and a
half. I was promoted from the sixth grade to
the seventh. My old teacher was Miss Keat
ing, and my new teacher is Mr. Kingsbury.
He is a man. I always wished to be a Call
carrier. I hoped I could get a route if you
need any. Willie Geecke.
MAMMA'S BOY.
Dear Editor:
At Sunnyside, near Ocean View,
Lives little He^ry Mohr,
He tramps his mamma's garden through
And dirties her nice floor.
He climbs upon the highest chair
And makes an awful noise,
But what does Henry's mamma care,
She has no other boys.
A thousand funny things he does.
Which only mamma sees;
He even stuck his little nose,
Into a box of bees.
Now, would yon like to know, my dears,
How old this darling is ?
I'm sure his mamma told me
That he was just— two years.
Mbs. M. Imitenhaus.
Ixgomab, Cal., Aug. 28, 1896.
Dear Editor: I have not seen any letters
from this place, so I thought I would write
one. My grandpa take s The Daily Call and
enjoys reading the letters very much. We
have a cat and two dogs and a pet chicken.
Our school starts the 7th of September. We
have a nice teacher. I shall have to close.
Leslie Hollingswokth (aged 8 years).
Sax Fbancisco, Aug. 22, 1896.
Dear Editor: I am a little girl, going to the
Mission Grammar School. I saw a letter in
The Call written by one of my friends, and so
my cousin Sed rick, who is here with me now,
and myself thought we would write also.
I hope I will see my letter, as well as my
cousin's, in next Sunday's Call.
I take great interest in reading the "Chil
dren's page" of The Call. I remain, Tep.
San Feancibco, Ang. 22, 1896.
Dear Editor; We have been taking The Call
for a long time, and I take great pleasure in
reading the "Children's Page." The letters
are very interesting. Many of my friends
write to have their letter put in the paper, so
I thought I would do so also.
I go to the Everett Grammar School, on
Sanchez street. Mrs. Banning is our principal.
lam in tne eighth grade. I remain, lovingly,
Sedbick.
Lincoln, Cal., August 24.
Dear Editor: It has been a long time since I
have written to The Call. I liked the story
Bessie and Pomona. It was very interesting.
My papa works in the pottery up nere. There
are a great number of men employed in it. I
go to the Congregational Sunday-schooL I
shall close. I remain your friend,
Minnie Wyatt.
Feanktown, Aug. 12, 1896.
My Dear Editor: It seems so long a time since
I have written to the dear old Call that to-day
I thought I would write and tell you the cause
of my long silence. I have not been very well
for a few weeks and have been taking a little
rest from my pleasant duties. The warm
weather and too much fruit are to blame, not
Henry. My vacation is nearly at an end. I
have had a splendid time. I have been to Car
son City quite often to visit friends, and have
been trout-fishing a great de&l. My best boy
friend is Julien Guinan; he lives in Carson
City and is Dr. Guinan's youngest son; he is
to come to visit me. We snail go to the lake
fishing,. and I'm sure have a grand time. I
wish some of the little San Francisco boys
could come and catch catfish in Washoe Lake.
It is such fun to see them wiggle at the end of
your line. My dog Billy has a new trick he
smokes a pipe and looks so sober that we have
to laugh at him.
Good-by, dear editor. I hope I shall meet
you some day, for you are so kind to us little
boys and girls. .Your little friend,-
Henby Saqkbbtbh, aged 9 years.
Folsom, Cal., August 31, 1896. .
Dear Editor: Having seen so many letters in
Childhood's Realm I thought that I would
writ* one too, j I have one brother and no sis
ter, iij luo&es'i namo ia Frank, We livt on
i
a vineyard about five miles from Folsom. Our
schoolhouse is one and a half miles from the
house, so papa got us a little pony to ride on.
we call him Jip. I have found out the an-
Bwers to the puzzles in yesterday's Call and
send them in. Your reader,
Hkrbeet Brown.
San Francisco, Cal., Aug. 23, 1896.
Dear Editor: I went up near Douner Lake
this summer and had a very nice time, playing
outdoors and going fishing. There were so
many wild flowers, I picked a bouquet nearly
every day. We had a playhouse outdoors by
the creek that we called "The Bower." Igo to
school and am in the "Second Reader." I am
6 years old. l have a brother nainea Charlie.
This is my first letter. Your new friend,
Ruth E. Lewis. 223 Guerrero street.
Oakland, Cal., Aug. 23, 1896.
Dear Editor: I am 8 years old and go to the
Prescott School. I am in the A third grade.
My teacher's name is Miss Neylan. I have a
very nice little playhouse called Pansy Cot
tage. It is furnished with table, chairs, dishes
and piano. It is carpeted and papered. WHen
my playmates come to visit me we have good
times. My grandpa has taken The Call lor
twenty-three years. Your little friend,
Linnie Chas*.
1708 William street, West Oakland.
San Francisco, Aug. 25, 1896.
Dear Editor : I have read the stories in the
children's page every Sunday, and especially
the Donald series. I often wondered who Don
ald was and what was his last name. Now I
think I know. He is a little boy who lives on
Douglass street and fights with everybody. I
thin* it would be lots of fun if all your letter
writers would say who they think Donald is. I
am 9 years old and go to Reginald's school,
where I nave lots of chums and fellows. lam
your new friend, Johnny Cullen.
546 Fillmore street.
Ban Francisco, Cal.. Aug. 18, 1896.
Dear Editor t We have been taking The Call
and like it very much. I will write you a
story. This is the first time 1 have ever writ
ten to any newspaper. lam 11% years of age
and go to the Mission Grammar School and I
am in the sixth grade. My teacher's name is
Mrs. Wallace. I have two pets at home— a cat
and a canary bird. The cat's name is Kitty
and the canary bird's name is Dick. I have
two sisters, Laura and Josie. I hope you will
publish my letter and story in Sunaay's Call.
I will close. Your new friend,
Tina Bidekoff.
Healdsbubg, Cal., Aug. 17, 1896.
Dear Editor: In the Sunday's Call I read
about the "Fruit and Flower Mission," and if
it is true that Wells, Fargo & Co. will take the
things free of charge to the mission, I am will
ing to send some things myself. I guessed
two of the puzzles — the iirst and fourth. Now
I will close. lam your friend,
Emilia Nardini.
P. 8. I will send you a story about "The"
adventures of the Indians in Arizona while I
lived there. E. N.
San Francisco, Cal., Aug. 23, 1896.
Dear Editor: I am a little girl 12 years old.
My mamma has always taken The Call, and
wih not have any other paper. I always read
the "Childhood's Realm." I think the stories
are lovely. I bope to be able some day to
write like the editor of the children's page. I
send you my solution of the puzz!e. It is the
household word in our house. Your constant
reader, May Burns.
1619 a Post street.
Many thanks to the boys and girls, whose
names we publish, for pleasant moments spent
in reading their interesting communications:
Lottie Wallman. B. Williamson.
Harry Sheeban. Tina Bidekoff.
Jessie M. v ells. Hazel Toor.
Frank Mitchell. Arthur Blint.
Kthel Lncan. M cc Be.l.
Emma Holienbeck. Norman Biichner.
Kva Navone. Hilda I.ippi.
Bessie orchard. Pearl Moore.
Clara Orchard. Eva Pries.
Ktfna Kouikt. Mabel Clayton.
Ella Ahlera. Beckie Ileino.
Ecbel Nichols. Beatrice B. CoiTman.
Etta Peabody.
PUZZLES
Correct answers to puzzles of August 30:
I. Violin.
11. When it is sowed (sewed) over and over.
111. Please re-member me.
IV. Unite—
V. You will never miss the water till the
well runs dry.
VI. California was admitted as a State on the
9th of September, 1850.
VII. Lafayette was born September 6, 1757.
VIII. Balboa discovered the Pacific Ocean in
September, 1513.
Puzzles for September 6, 1896:
I. Concealed birds —
(a) How late you are!
(b) What bitter, nasty stuff,
(cj He ate all my dinner.
(d) Ah! awkward he is, indeed.
(c) Lo! Onward they come. Selected.
11. "Belle Pitt Poe,"
As you very well know,
Out in the green fields long ago,
Merrily followed a pleasant trade.
But I am afrad the poor little maid,
That one day she cried
When far and wide
She sought her lost treasures on every side,
Till somebody, who I never knew,
Kindly told her wnat to do.
Selected from Youths' Companion.
111. CROSBWORD ENIGMA.
In fig, not in date.
In worm, not in bait.
In rat, not in mouse.
In barn, not in house.
In zinc, not in gold.
In new, not in old.
Name of a country unfold.
IV. f . VEGETABLE PUZZLE.
1-7 of a ctiDbage.
\i of a bean.
1-7 of head of lettuce.
% of a pea.
1-6 of a radish.
J<J of a yam.
What vegetable will these make when added
together
V. . Why would a spider appear to have
wings ?
Correct answers to all or a majority of last
week's puzzles have been received from Alica
Bell, Dana S. Bek, May E. Peters, Frances Pe
ters, M. gelig, Pearl Moore, Josle Clark,
2728
CENTERS OF CIVILIZATION MOVING TO THE PACIFIC COAST
The mean average temperature of the earth's surface is very close to 50
deg. Fahrenheit The average rainfall occurring during twelve months is
thirty-six inches. ...
Science calls a line upon the earth's surface along which the tempera
ture is the same an "isothermal"— L c., a line of equal temperature, and
meteorological observations have enabled us to outline with great accu
racy the isotbermals, which locate the routes of the different temperatures
that encircle the globe. It must not be supposed that these lines follow
lines of latitude— they do not Various causes conspire to very greatly
divert them from a straight path. The oceans, the mountains and the
plains all exert their influence in bending the isothermal from the mathe
matical direct line.
Man attains his highest development, other conditions being not un
favorable, in a climate characterized by an equable and moderate tempera
ture. The fitness of things is wonderfully illustrated in the fact that the
progress of civilization has proceeded with the greatest speed just where
this mean temperature of 50 degrees maintains its presence.
There is, therefore, to be found in the study of civilization, as regards
its location, certain features which are significant as to the future of
localities whose climate is determinable.
A glance at the record of temperatures at some of the prominent places
will not be uninteresting in this connection. According to mention by
old writers, Athens enjoyed a mean temperature of 52, Sparta 61. Their
temperature is now somewhat higher.
Within historic times the climate of Europe has undergone material
changes, as w« learn from the expressions of classical writers that the
temperature of tiie Continent was then generally lower than at the present
time. The mean temperature of Rome is to-day 60.5 Fah. It was in 102
B.C. about 54. London has 50.8; Paris, 51.3; Geneva, 52.7; Boston, 48.3;
Chicago, 48.5; and San Francisco, 56.
To the average reader the big names bestowed upon many of the
branches of scientific research, and consequent knowledge, are extremely
mystifying, if not actually forbidding. To be told that in order to know
something definite about the history of ourselves we must get acquainted
with anthropology, ethnography and ethnology has a tendency to make
t: c ordinary fellow hesitate and halt at the very doorway of his investiga
tion.
The first relates to the creation of man; the second describes the cus
toms, laws and habits of nations— of peoples, not of races. The third
seeks for the conditions which give rise to these habits. It is with eth
nology that we are herein concerned.
The history of the career of man shows that soil, climate and other
physico-geographical surroundings affect bis progress, advancing or
retarding it. The splendid empires of Syria, of Tyre and of Babylon—
the latter emphasized by the reign of the mighty Nebuchadnezzar, full
six centuries before tne Christian era— flourished in a temperate climate
of between 50 and 60 degrees. Greece and Rome alike were the habitues
of a like climate. The three great temperate valleys of Hoang-Ho, Tochu-
Kiang and Yang-tse-Kiang were peopled at an extremely remote period,
their inhabitants developing a ripe culture far beyond thai of contempo
raneous civilizations occupying locations which were marked by different
thermal conditions.
India, often termed "the cradle of civilization," had its most brilliant
growth in upper India, south of the Himalayan mountains, in a delight
fully temperute and even climate. A high degree of culture was mani
fested by the peoples inhabiting the Mesopotamian plains, situated be
tween the rivers Tigris and Euphrates.
Coming to the Western continent we find like illustrations of the rule,
evidenced in the advanced civilization exhibiting itself in the elevated
tropical valley of Mexico, in the lofty valleys of Peru and Cundinamanco,
and upon the isolated peninsula of Yucatan. That the temperatures of
these itter mentioned localities were much lower at the time of their civ
ilizations here spoken of than at the present day seems to be established.
Mention has been made of material changes in the temperature of
localities. In the Siberian glaciers are found remains, of len entire, of the
mammoth and other animals indigenous to tropical climes; while in
Southern France and other similar localities that now enjoy a warm cli
mate are found the remains of arctic fauna. Now, while not accepted by
all physicists as a positive fact, yet it is believed by a vast number of the
foremost investigators and thinkers of the current ace that at some time
in the near past the earth underwent a change of axis — that is, the
north pole of the earth's axis.which now points to the star Polaris, pointed
to another portion of the heavens — and that the poles did not occupy their
present positions on the earth. What is now the arctic zone was then a
portion of the torrid zone, while what is now the sub-tropical zone was
then the arctic one. This tnatter, while extremely interesting, is too vo
luminous in its arguments to permit of anything more than mere mention
in this paper, and it is alluded to, as an explanation, reconciling the
% . w_ s
| " Finest Baby in Town."
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., Nov. 1, 1895.
«te— THE VIAVI COMPANY — Gentlemen: It gives me great pleasure to hand you a
f^ picture of our darling (ViAVI) baby and thank you a thousand times for inducing my
wife to use the grand remedy. My wife caught cold when a schoolgirl and had suf-
«p— fered ever since with painful menstruation, leucorrhcea, retroversion, inflammation,
z^S contraction, etc. She had been treated by the best physicians without any benefit.
»^ We had been married two and one-half years and I was continually earning money to
*^: pay doctor bills. It was rather discouraging for a young man when there seemed no
-^5 hope of my wife ever being a well woman and we both loved children so well. At last
gp; you called to see my wife and induced her to use VIAVI; and you remember when I
r^ called at the office for it what little faith I had in it. I said '*I knew the 'stuff' would
«»~- do her no good, I might as well throw my money away, but she wanted to use it, so I
-^ was willing to pay for it." The next time I called for it I had changed my mind, and I
never paid money viore cheerfully than I did for that. And, as a result of the faithful
3^ use of VIAVI, my wife is perfectly well mid we have the finest baby in town. God
z^, bless you and VIAVI. (VIAVI is king.) Your sincere friends,
J£? MR. AND MRS. E. C. R.
ROSEBURG. Or., Feb. 15, 1894.
3^ THE VIAVI COMPANY— Esteemed Friends: I desire to inform you what
VIAVI did for me. My first trouble was painful menstruation, fr;m which I suffered
3tr for thirteen years previous to using VIAVI. I never during these thirteen years
S» pasßed one monthly period without pain— suffered untold agony. Indeed, the pain
was just as severe as I have since experienced during confinement. Next, ieucorrhoea
3^ came on and continued for eleven years, and before the birth of my last baby, who is
r^ now almost fourteen months old. Having heard of the merits of VIAVI I procured
3^: the treatment, and in a very short time the weakness was cured and my strength
-^ returned so that I could do almost all my work previous to confinement. After con-
finement I gained so rapidly that I could sit up when my baby was seven days old.
3^ The ninth day I sat up all day, and the tenth day went to woric about the house.
:r^ When the baby was two weeks old I went to housecleaning, sweeping, etc., and never
felt better in my life. For one year now I have been regular and without pain. Some
may say, "Ob. well, many women are cured of painful menstruation after they become
mothers," but allow me to explain that this is the third child to which I have given
3^ birth, i used the treatment to within a few nights of confinement. I am in better
r^ health than at any period in my life. Our baby is perfectly healthy. Mothers, and
3^ women who are expecting to become mothers, should use the VIAVI treatment. It is
a wonderful remedy. MRS M j G#
S FORT SMITH, Ark.
Mrs. J. E. Winstell, 808 Fourth street. Fort Smith, Ark., says: "I will say that 1
St: have borne five children and have suffered untold misery. I could not lie in bed
zz% without having my back rubbed for a long time before I could go to sleep. I was
advised to use VIAVI during the term and was as comfortable as possibly could be
•^ • through the whole time. I had an attack of fever from getting up before I was able,
bringing on the weakness again, but I used three or four CAPSULES and was all
Sfc: right. lam stronger and better in every way than ever before. I can run a sewing-
-g machine yet at seven months, and am strong, active and welL This is a tonic lor
women."
| FOR FULL NAME AND ADDRESS AND FURTHER INFORMATION APPLY %
| THE VIAVI COMPANY, 2304-6-8 VAN NESS AYE., CITY !
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
existence in their present surroundings of the evidences of high civiliza
tion that are found in present tropical regions.
The influence of physical surroundings is a recognized fact The term
"climate" is generally used to express a condition of temperature and
moisture. The inhabitants of the earth are divided by the ethnologist
into five great races— the white or Caucasian, the yellow or Mongolian, the
black or Ethiopian, the red or American (Indian), and the brown or
Malay. As a rule color darkens as the equator is approached. Climate
has a pronounced effect upon the development of both bodily and mental
powers, its action being more markedly manifest upon the mental.
The highest development is found to occur in temperate, even climates.
Tropical climates are characterized by languor and love of idleness. It
is true that exceptions to this latter rule are claimed by some, and the
ruins of colossal architectural works found in the (present) tropics of both
hemispheres are cited to show that a hot climate is not inhibitory.
SHOWING THE LINE OF MEAN ANNUAL TEMPERATURE OF 50 DEGREES, ALONG WHICH, EVER
WESTWARD, FLOWS THE COURSE OF INTELLECTUAL PROGRESS AND CIVILIZATION.
Yet such works must not be taken as evidencing the benelicent influ
ence of a tropical climate upon civilization. All of these ruins have an
antiquity going back to a period antedating the last change of the
earth's axis, and they were undoubtedly called into being at a time when
the temperatures of the places holding them were close to the normal of
50 degrees. Purely physical development may proceed independent of
climate, but mental vivacity receives its greatest stimulus in a temperate
climate.
To those peoples who inhabited temperate climates we are indebted
for the learning of the world. Nearly 6000 years ago Northern Persia and
Northern India were studying astronomy, and a few centuries later China
and Chaldea added largely to the knowledge of the starry science. Six
hundred years before the Christian era Greece was scientifically treating
physics, mechanics, chemistry, physical geography, biology, medicine
and anatomy.
"It Is a Food That Builds."
GLENWOOD SPRINGS, Colo., Oct. 24, 1893.
THE VIAVI COMPANY— Gentlemen: I wish to add my testimonial to the
large list of those who have been benefited by your wonderful remedy, VIAVI .
Being a mother myself, my heart goes out to other mothers— especially to suffering
mothers. There are so many women who suffer through the entire term that they
are filled with dread at the thought of having to go through those long, tedious
months again. I wish to say to them that they have a true friend in VIAVI. I have
tried it and kiiow whereof I speak. Over a year ago I was in very poor health. I
suffered very much with inflammation of the bladder and surrounding organs. I
could be on my feet but a very little and could hardly walk about the house, it caused
me so much pain. A year ago last June I began using the remedy. I commenced to
improve right away. In one month I could walk all day without any trouble. I used
it right through the entire term until the birth of my child. I was able to walk with
very little Irouble; had less sickness at the stomach than ever before; could eat any-
thing all the time. The last five or six weeks that are so tedious and distressing I got
over nicely. I used VIAVI, and if I had any pain or was restless and could not sleep
at night I got up and used the VIAVI CERATE, rubbing it low down across the
lower part of the bowels where I felt distressed, and the pain and the distress would
leave me and I would soon be asleep. It is a godsend to women. I had no trouble at
anytime — had no soreness throurh me at all. My baby was a nice, strong boy —
weighed 9% pounds at birth. He was born July 18. 1893. At five days old he was able
to lift his head clear of the pillow and has grown nicely ever since. I send bis picture
so all interested can see how he looked at three months. He weighed sixteen pounds
at the time the picture was taken. VIAVI is good for both mother and child. It is
food that builds up and makes strong and vigorous those organs that have been weak.
I tell you, suffering mothers, it is the best remedy you can find for yourself and babe.
Try it and be convinced; it will make you strong in body and mind. You will feel
strong and hopeful. I give this testimonial of my own free will, and I have not told
half what the remedy can do. Any one wishing to know more of my case can address
me and I will answer any question they may wish to ask. Sincerely, MRS. 0. L. C.
"Blessed With a Lovely Daughter."
MURRAY, Utah, Nov. 3, 1895.
THE VIAVI COMPANY— Dear Friends: About four years after I was married
my health failed to such an extent that I was a physical wreck, having had three
miscarriages, and getting so bad that I could hardly walk across the floor and was
compelled to keep my bed most all the time. At my monthly periods I suffered
excruciating pain from cramps, had prolapsus very badly, lost all ambition and saw
no relief from any source. One of the VIAVI workers called on me while in this
condition and persuaded me to use the remedy. I bought a course and used it exactly
as directed, and by the time the course was used I had become so strong that I dis-
charged my hired girl and was able to do ray own housework. I became pregnant,
my health improved, and feeling that I needed more remedy I bought some and used
it while in this condition. Was so strengthened that I am now blessed with a lovely
daughter. Take pleasure in sending you her photograph. lor she is truly a VIAVI
baby and is a great comfort to us. I sincerely trust that this statement may be the
means of inducing others to use VIAVI who are afflicted with any kind of female
diseases. jjRS. E. F. S.
♦
DENVER, Colo., Feb. 7, 1894.
THE VIAVI COMPANY-Dear Sirs: Having used VIAVI during almost the
entire term, I desire to add my testimonial to those who have used the remedy with
marsed effect Too much cannot be said in favor of the use of VIAVI at such times
Not only does it add materially to the comfort and health of the mother, but also to
that of the child, whose pnotograph I have sent to the home office at San Francisco,
CaL MRS. J. W.. South Denver, Colo.
Hand in hand with the development of the mental powers has been
developed the capacity for trade. Commerce is the particular creation of
a temperate climate. Every improvement in the matter of transportation,
its means and facilities, has originated in temperate climes. The spirit of
discovery— discovering for the general good, pro bono publico — has its
birthplace and home in the temperate clime. The spirit which actuated*
the roamer after conquest was a personal, selfish one. It was the motive
spirit of the^adventurer, the swashbuckler, who sought his own aggrandize
ment totally unconcerned ac to the elevation or degradation of his fellow,
and its fiery character stamps it as an ultra-temperate product.
All progress in modern science has been made by nations of temperate
zones, and the greatest development of such has been along the isother
mal of fifty degrees.
In our own country this inflexible law is plainly manifest
An inspection of the map will show that the great centers of com-
merce lie along the normal isothermal. North and south of this line are
cities whose history is ancient compared with that of the colossal metrop
oli located on the line, and yet it is a fact that these older marts of
trade have stood still while their younger competitors, in favorable
location as regards the temperature conditions, have grown into gigantic
stature. New York, Buffalo. Cincinnati, Chicago, Omaha, Denver, Chey
enne. Ogden, Sacramento and San Francisco are on the line. Compare
the histories of these cities with that of Quebec and New Orleans. Not
only in commercial superiority do the cities of the normal isothermal
hold precedence, but also in the arts and applied sciences they maintain
and strengthen the ascendency.
The presence of the highest phase of civilization along this line is
beyond the control of man alone. A great cosmical cause is responsible.
It is the law of the fittest. Along this line will develop the colossal
grandeur of the twentieth century civilization, whose marvelous develop
ment shall' eclipse with its splendid luster all previous triumphs ol
man's achievements in the intellectual world. Where will be the
center of that wondrous civilization, the heart of the epoch's intellect,
the seat of its spirit? As in the determining of the general location of the
civilization as a whole, so in the fixing of the central court of the
whole climatic conditions will rule. That place where will be found
combined the bfst facilities for the prosecution of commerce, with the
most favorable conditions for health and vigorous physical development,
must and will Decome the grand capital of the high civilization that wiil
crown the coining century.
The climate of a locality is modified by the winds which dlow over it.
Winds bring the temperature of the regions they have traversed. Those
coining from the ocean are more healthful than those from the land, and
their temperature is more uniform.
So long as the earth revolves as it does, so long will the western roast
of the United States enjoy the enviable supremacy of possessing the
purest atmosphere to be found upon the globe. It is also an atmosphere
of an even, equable temperature, and, as is seen from an examination of
the map, the greater portion of the California coast lies within the
normal isotherm.
Wise statesmen have prophesied that the waters of the Pacific would
speedily witness a far greater commerce than ever graced the bosom of the
other seas. Forty years have strengthened the faith in that clairvoyant
statement, and with the closing of the nineteenth century we are experi
encing the beginning of the realization of the conditions outlined by
those sagacious words.
The Orient is awakening to the impulses of the age, expanding with
wonderful growth every possibility of existence. Her hands are reaching
out for physical, mental and moral food, and instinctively they turn
toward the regions centered by the magic line of the isotherm of 50 deg.
But what shall the historian of A. D. 2000 have to say about us?
Will it not be written tnat the growing commerce of the Orient
and Occident furrowed with its keels the broad bosom of the illimita
ble Pacific until the crossing lines spread like the multitudinous fila
ments of the spider's web, in all directions — everywhere? That this
enormous commerce, in comparison with which our present is but
an inkling, had for its center, its concentration of receipt and distribution,
a mart where the roads of steel spanning a mighty continent came down
to kiss the waves upon the smooth sands of the Gulden Gate? A metrop
olis where sat enthroned the power of the great empire of the world, secure
in its enthronement because of natural conditions, which siiently but
surely working not only made possible but compelled the creation of a
World's Capital of Commerce, of Science and of Art!
California can never be the sufferer from impure air. The chart of
winds prevalent at San Francisco shows that the winds at that place are
nearly all "winds of the western sea," loaded wiih the life-giving, invig
orating ozone in its greatest purity. It can never have its healthful con
ditions marred. As years roll on and the interior of the continent ac
quires settlement, this factor of healthfulness will more and more assert
its influence, resulting in the acknowledgment of the vicinage of the
Golden Gate as a spot where are most happily combined all the essentials
fora perfect entrepot and mart of commerce, with the highest possible at
tainments of healthful hie. In the wedding of these two is born the
future capital of the world !
The hopes and disappointments of political preference may for the
time being sway men's judgment, and it would be most strange, consider
ing the training conferred by existing systems of social science, the nar
rowness of resulting views being contracted to yet smaller vision by selfish
jealousies dependent upon local residence, if it were not the popuiar idea
that the center of a civilization was to be fixed by the labor of man labor
ine for the accomplishment of his desires within the brief period of his
personal existence. Yet, in fact, man is but a small factor. He comes
and goes. His race with its attendant progress or digression is born and
lives and dies totally regardless of the individual. The making of a
great center of civilization, with its complex glories of the arts and sciences,
commerce and literature, depends wholly upon the favorable aspect of
natural conditions, without which man's labor is naught.
Science has not "sentiment" in its vocabulary. It deals with only
solid facts. Its conclusions are formulated upon facts, and only upon
facts. It has looked with its clear, keen eye over the tield of history and
seen where the greatest devolopment of civilization has occurred, and it
has investigated the causes that led to such location. It has formed its
conclusions, based upon the law of analogy. Like produces 'like. In the
examination of localities it has found that the western coast of the United
States, centering at the Bay of San Francisco, possesses in absolutely
assured permanency all the essential conditions, in the highest favorable
degree, for the foundation of the coming capital of the twentieth century's
development. F. M. Close, D.Sc.
"God Bless You and Viavi." g
PORTLAND, Oregon. 3£:
THE VIAVI CO.— Gentlemen: My poor health was caused by leucorrhcea, sup- Sj»
pressed and painful menstruation, also habitual constipation, which was caused, I
was told, by the uterus being displaced and tipped backward, pressing against the g^-
rectum. I had been married six y?ars and had no children. I was under treatment -^
most of the time those six years for female troubles; treated with several prominent
and well-known physicians of this city. I was chloroformed and "operated" on, g^r
which relieved me each time for a month or two, until at last, in despair, I began the ~^g
VIAVI treatment. Its effect was magical. In a short time my menses came on 2?
easily, without pain, and regularly; my constipation disappeared, and I was well in J^r
every way. -^
I got through my term without any trouble at all. My baby, Jessie, weighed at «2!
birth ten and three-quarter pounds, was well formed, strong and healthy ; has hardly 3^
bad a sick day in her life. She is now 20 months old. I got up strong and well from
my confinement and have been so ever since; no return of my old trouble at all. We g~-
are so proud of our baby. I will say a good word for VIAVI wherever and whenever 3£j
I can. Will answer letters received if stamp is inclosed for reply. Sincerely yours, z^
MRS. F. W.
SEATTLE, Wash., Oct. 14, 1895. "^
THE VIAVI COMPANY— Gentlemen: I esteem it a privilege to tell what your r^
treatment has done for me that other women similarly affected may not be without BE=
hope. I was injured at the birth of a child which died, and suffered with trouble of z7^
the uterus with all its attendant pains, both local and reflex, in different parts of my
body for many months. Was examined by one of the best physicians of Seattle, who 3^
told my husband that I could never be cured— that my -trouble was incurable. I was !^»
feeling very miserable when the VIAVI treatment was brought to my notice. Of :^
course, my husband and myself had no faith, thinking that, after a leading physician 3^
had pronounced my case hopeless, anything like ttiat could never reach it. However, z*Zm
after thinking it over we decided to eive it a trial. I soon began to feel better in many :^
ways, gaining in strength until I was able to walk about the house, which I had not fc;
been able to do for so long. The treatment is a food for the organs to build and z^
strengthen them and enable them to perform their proper functions, which proved to
be the case, as I passed through the critical period with comparative ease, regaining jf~
my strength rapidly afterward. I have not described my condition fully, for it would ' ~^
be impossible to even speak of the many aches and pains a woman can suffer from in
a short letter, but will willingly tell any one who desires to know my condition before 3^
and since using your valuable remedy. r^J
The picture accompanying is the child referred to above, and I can truly say that i 2
this child has been the healthiest and the least trouble of any of my family, passing 8^
through the critical period of teething with no sickness whatever. lamin a position
to judge, as I have had six before. Very truly yours, MRS. R. A. C. j^
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 2, 1890. Jsg
THE VIAVI CO.— Dear Sirs: I wish to add my testimonial to the long list of
those who have been benefited by your wonderful rtmeUy, VIAVI. I was a sufferer g£z
f or six years from suppressed menstruation, and during that time I had spent con- -^
siderable money for physicians' aid, but to no avail, Kvery month I would have one
fainting spell after another, until I was almost wretched. It seemed to me life was 3^
hardly worth the living. But, thanks to the VIAVI, I am a well woman to-day. ~^g
There was an agent from Bakersrield, Cal., introducing VIAVI, and I was persuaded
to take a three months' treatment. I used it the entire term. Could eat anything all &Z
the time. The last stages I got over nicely, and, as a result, have a bright, bouncing r5
boy, now 13 months. iT?
I can highly recommend VIAVI to all who are suffering with the different com- Bt^
plaints peculiar to women. I cannot express half what VIAVI can do. Any one Ue-
siring to know more may call on or write to me at my home. Sincerely, <*?
MRS. C. H. J. gjWHAT FASHION DECLARES MEN AND WOMEN MUST WEAR
For the :
JVirxcess
of Wales
The dress illustrated with the long coat
has just been completed for the Princess
of Wales by a leading London tailor and
is a model well worthy of the considera
tion of every slender woman, as the style
leaves nothing to be desired, being perfect
in every detail. Amonz the points to be
noted are the very small revers, the three
buttons at long intervals, the small cuffs,
with two medium-sized buttons, the posi
tion and size of the pocket, the very mod
erate sleeves and ;ne comparatively nar
row skirt. The material employed is a
superfine steel gray cloth. This style re
calls the mode of three years ago, and yet
it differs in several radical points. The
other tailor gown is a combination of dark
brown melton, with a vest of creamy
w*hit« cloth embroidered in three shades
of brown silk intermixed with gold. The
lining Is of a brownish golden silk. All
such gowns will have this winter much
rich braiding, not only on the vests, but
on the skirts as well and the vests are to
be of velvet; heavy brocade cloth will
never be seen excepting when very elab
orately and beautifully adorned with em
broidery or braid, as the plain skirt and
a jacket can only now be donned when
the wearer starts on a shopping tour. The
elaboration and beautificationof the tailor
suit was anticipated by those who keenly
watch fashion changes, as the moment it
became quite the thing to wear handsome
hats and toques with such costumes it
naturally followed that to be strictly in
keeping they must become more orna
mental. Let us hope that foolish exag
gerations will not drive one of the most
satisfactory of gowns out of existence, for
if discretion is exercised there is no reason
why the results should not be quite de
llehtful, as its usefulness can be greatly
increased by the use of not only the most
lovely of vests, but also oE those as simple
and unornamental as possible, and for
the Blender and the plump woman as well
no more desirable style has ever been
evolved.
The other design conveys an excellent
idea of one of the latest .Parisian crea
tions. It is decidedly chic, being of
black crepe de soie over a rich Dlack
taffeta silk. The bodice is covered with
paillette black tulle and with encrustations
of white lace.
The cbaoeau with the lofty plumes is
from one of the best known milliners in
France, and we are assured that this ar
rangement of feathers is to be much seen
i:i the immediate future. I can but won
der if our fashions will ever appear as ab
surd to us as those of 1882 now do.
One of the swellest tailor gowns de
signed for some time makes a Jaik-eyed
belle a trifle more charming than ever.
It is composed of a dark green melton
cloth. The bodice has a vest of tomato
red cloth, covered with the finest black
braiding, and from this vest arises an
upper part of creumy white cloth, over
which turns a pretty collar oE red cioth
edged %\ith black braid. The costume is
lined with glece tomato red silk.
Every one wants a tailor dress for win
ter, so I l:ave no fear of describing too
many, and a traveling toilette of blue and
green shot homespun, having a Tatter
sall vest in vicuna color, with appliques
of green leather outlined by gold braid, is
especially successful, as is also a hand
some one of boxcloth in Hussar blue.
The cuffs and waistcoat are of light blue
gray cloth covered by braidings in blue,
gold and fawn and bordered by a narrow
line of brown mink fur, the braiding and
fur trimming being repeated on the skirt
by little godets inserted at either side of
the skirt The lining throughout is of
white chine silk striped with blue.
Blue cloth in every dark shade is to be
stylish this season, especially when richiy
braided and used in combination with
gray or white cloth. Unquestionably
braiding is to be a great feature of all
cloth dresses, sewn on in straight rows or
in rows put on in a fanciful design.
Also extremely chic are the tailor frocks
which have just appeared in London,
made in jacket and skirt form of smooth
cloth to be worn with smart little plaid
waistcoats.
With tailor gowns belts of both green
and red leathers are to be worn during the
early autumn, red bPine the most fashion
able. The green must be of a bright shade.
Yachting dresses continue to be an in
teresting topic of conversation and dark
blue flannel with a lighter blue line run
ning through it is enjoying a great vogue,
and is certainly a welcome change after
plain dark bine serge, and besides it will
look well for quite as long a time and has
a smart appearance when worn with shirts
and belts* of almost every color. During
(owes week many were the excellent
yachting costumes commented on. One
fair Archduchess wore white serge and a
white sailor hat. The Couutess of Annes
ley is said to have looked charming in a
cream serge gown with a short dress coat,
the collar revers of which were outlined
with cream and gold braid, which was
carried up tne seams at the back of the
bodice; a vest of pale green silk and a hat
of while manilla straw trimmed with
rream ribbons completed this costume.
Much liked was a dress of navy blue
serge; the short coatee, uniquely cut, has
the revers outlined in gold cord, showing
a sash of pale dull green silk, of which the
vest was also made.
A creation of royal blue canvas had a
zouave bodice which was emoroidered in
waved lines of while cable stitch and re
vealed a soft blouse of white silk encrusted
with lace. With it was worn a sailor hat
of white straw with blue burgee ribbon.
A pretty French woman wore cream serge
with a vest of *oft rose pink siik anil a hat
of cream ru-ih straw, and trimmed with a
ruche of p'nk silk ana black quills. A
white mohair toilet with a white silk vest
embroidered in jet was noted, and a hand
some blue serge was lined with heavy
watered moire silk, the revers and collar
of the jaunty jacket being of this silk out
lined with silver braid.
The Empress Eugenic was a guest on
board the Thistle and is reported to have
worn a blue serge suit, a vest of white silk
and a dark blue straw hat with bur
pee ribbon. Most of us think of this un
fortunate woman as quite unable to take
any further interest in worldly affairs and
to think of her going to a boatrace!
(Styles in riding habits wiJl not change
much this faJl, the best tailors never
having made them with large sleeves.
Gray will be the favorite color, although
many mixed materials will also be em
:>loyed; one such mixture has its dark
ones brightened by lighter ones. The
Sasques are not quite as long as those
made at this time last year. Plain cloths
will be as much used as e,ver.
Black lace, as I predicted, will be fash
ionable this winter and many gowns will
be evolved out of black satin and old lace
and long-since banished shawls will all
be put into active service, as they can be
draped by a clever woman very satisfac
tor.ly over our skirte, but to begin with the
skirt must hang to perfection.
Pale tan gloves are being much worn
with white evening frocks in Europe, and
such gowns have no sleeves at all; in
many cases only bands passing over the
shoulders hold up the bodice. When
smart women, however, do wear sleeves
they are ludicrously small in comparison
to those so lately in vogue.
In New York are being worn very be
coming black satin stocks, over which
turn little white collars half an inch wide.
The stocks have buttons on the inside,
which perfectly nold the collars in place.
Such stocks coat $1 25 and the collar 25
cents.
Another collar, usually made of white
linen, has five odd diamond-shaped bulges
about an inch in length under which is
run a satin ribbon, which ties in a bow in
the back. This style is very fashionable. I
An English correspondent states that ;
"all the Interest of the royal box at the J
opera the other ni>;ht was centered on the ;
Duchess of Marl borough, who looked very
charming and girlish in a white satin
gown relieved with superb jewels. There
la no doubt that the American girls have
made the sensation of this season, j
Miss Winslow and Mies Scott being
greatly feted, while the Hon. Mrs. Eaton |
(nee French) and Lady Nayior Lyland 1
have taken a firm hold on the British
affections."
lam certain many will thoroughly ap
preciate the excellent remarks made by a
correspondent to Vogue. She writes:
"The sine qua non of smart dressing is
thepift of imagination. Women whose
dowdiness and bad taste so frequently dis
tress us give sufficient proof of thei: lack
of that precious quality. AJI the successful
men ana women gown-makerbaad fashion
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
purveyors who succeed best, and are fore
most in their line, possess tba finest, truest
sense of that power to conceive and create,
without which they would never have
been heard of, but have fallen among the
countless numbers of incompetents.
"Have we not oiten in our lives known
women whose incomes enabled them to
order the choicest creations from famous
makers, either at home or abroad, but who
in the wearing of them made so many
fatal additions of their own that the
toilet was utterly ruined and would have
been unrecognizable to the maker. Such
women suffer from a plethoric and ill
regulated imagination, which is quite as
disastrous as to be born without any.
Their ruling passion is to over-elaborate, !
to pile on laces upon laces, ribbons upon j
ribbons, to overflow with trimmings ;
galore. Their mildest sins are to wear the !
wrong jewels, or too many of them, or to :
peck themselves with the most incon- ■
gruous flowers.
"In contrast, observe the man or woman
whose imagination is well balanced in all
its parts, both harmonious and faultless.
He or she will, even upon the most limited
expenditure, exceed all others in obtaining
the best of results and raining the most
pleasing effects. To be smart under these
conditions and circumstances is supreme
evidence of the aid of imagination in form
ing and directing good taste, independent
of lavish outlay, the latter being the
world's generally accepted interpretation
of being well dressed. Happy is the woman
who possesses this gift, this temperament,
for she may always prove herself irresistible
under whatever change of fortune."
Lace doylie3 are preferred to ail others
by my hostesses, and we hear not only
of the finest Honiton lace being used but
of point lace as well. Drawn work and
lace are frequently seen in combination.
White linen beaura atripß embroidered
in silver are always useful, and one hav
ing a border of exquisitely shaded pink
fuchsias, with their groen leaves, is very
dainty. I have read of another for a room
in which there is a brass bedstead and
brass furnishings. It is worked in an
artistic shade of brass gold, the pattern
is described as a metallic one. Art satin
and even art sateen is employed.
Proper
Attire for
Driv^irvg
Now that San Franciscans are paying
more attention to their equipaees and
their appointments, tney might with
profit direct their criticisms to the inap
propriate costumes worn only too fre
quently by the fair occupants. One author
ity writes:
Th* various classes and conditions of
life are well represented in the great vari
ety ot vehicles manufactured, and each
one should be occupied in a fitting and be
coming way. The toilette of the occu
pants should conform with the carriage
they are seated in, and discussion of this
matter is the subject in hand.
Coaching, as we know, has its full dress
and its toilette de voyage. A drag has
also its grande et petite tenue. A victoria
demands smart dressing from top to toe.
Xo other vehicle has been built to show off
to such advantage a prettily dressed
woman. Landaus and cabriolets are cere
monious structures; tney require fine
toilettea, ana never fail to do justice to
them.
Much less Imposing are park phaetons,
consequently one should dress with less
extravagance in them. Basket-wagons,
wagonettes, runabouts, are very unpre
tentious, and require modest but as smart
as-you-please dressing. Anything loud or
voyante stumps the occupants as vul
garians.
Surreys and carryalls are substantial,
unobtrusive family carrriages, which pre
sent a pleading picture of family comtort
when filled with young and old dressed
with taste and fitness.
Remember that carriages built of oak
require jaunty demi-toiiettes, never cere
monious ones, and in accepting invitations
for a drive one should consider the equip
ages of the person extending the invitation
ana be governed by them in dressing for
the occasion.
To appear overdressed in a friend's
simple carriage is in as bad taste as to be
carelessly or shabbily garbed when invited
to occupy a perfectly appointed Victoria.
The same correspondent adds: "It has
always been one of my convictions that
women view their carriages from an almost
entirely utilitarian point of view and
rarely from an artistic one," and yet she
has just been visiting one of the most
fashionable watering places not very far
from New York watching the passing
show of an afternoon drive. At this fash
ionable resort fetching Mrs. G. L. S. ap
peared in a Paquin creation thus described :
The gown was a straw-color grenadine,
built over lizard-green and straw-color
shot taffeta. Skirt separate, trimmed on
the bottom with anentre-deux of Lissierre
plisse bodice fitted over white silk, and
sleeveless, was worn under a ravissante
bolero, built with folds of grenadine.
Three folds formed the upper part, and
three more the lower, seDarated. by a
broad Lissiere insertion. New model
sleeves outlining the arm, and over the
bouffant tops were epaulets of three bias
folds lined witn shot silk, which stood out
very prettily. The corselet was exceed
ingly effective, and of black velvet, beauti-
Jully fitted in the back. Bat the fronts
were cut into three straps each, and these
straps were drown into a point and met
under three large jeweled buttons in front
in pairs. Neckband of black velvet, with
lace ruff above, and two wired loops of
'Discard" and Discard." '
"Jtevterse
In our whist article of May 31 last we pub- |
lisbed a yery interesting letter irom Major- j
Geaarml A. W. Drayson of England, one of the j
best writers on the game living. IK- mentioned
in that letter that the "Reverse Discard" was |
first played by him in 1880. There i-i no doubt
in my mind that the Drayson system of dis
carding is the best that is known up to the
present time, without it is the system advo
cated by the writer and published in Whist in
the January number, 1895. As the whist
playing season is now upon us it is time for
every whist team in every club to adopt sys
tems of piny that will be understood by the
members of each team at least, Drayson says.
During the lest few years I have found cev
eral fairly good players who are somewhat
puzzled occasionally as to the discard. When
trumps have neither been led nor called for by
the adversaries, the discard should be from
the weakest suit. It has been suggested that
when trumps arc declared against you the dis
card sho jlr< be from your strongest suit. This
in theory is simple, in practice it is sometimes
difficult. Here is nn example. I hold one
trump, the six. My right adversary leads the
three, I play my six, third hand plays nine,
my partner wins with ten a:id returns the
kuave, my* right adversary plays king on
knave, and I hiive to discard. Am Ito assume
that trumps are declared against me and con
sequently to discard from my strong suit, or
am I to conclude that by my partner's return
ing trumps they were declared in my favor?
Whatever conclusion I may come to, and act
; in accordance therewith, my partner may form
a different opinion, and tliere is at once a mis
understanding between us; he may think ray
strong suit is my weak, and vice versa. To
avoid any such confusion, I have long ago
adopted the rule to discard from my strongest
suit to my adversaries' laad of trumps, but
' from my weakest suit from my partner's lead
of trumps; hence, if my right adversary lead a
I trump, and my pnrtner win this and [return
the trump, and I have to discard, I then throw
away from my weakest suit to my partner's
lead of trumps. Because my right adversary
commenced the lead of trump, it does not fol
low, If my partner return them, that trumps
arc declared against me; consequently, to
discard from my strongest suit would not
only be puzzling, but might be wrong. Dis
card from the strongest suit to the adversaries'
lead of trumps, and from your weakest suit to
your partner's lead of trumps, prevents any
mistake as to which is your strongest suit.
Jhe Reverse Discard.
The object of the reverse discard is to enable
a player to always be able to discard to the
best advantage of his hand, whether from his
best or poorest suit; trumps, declared against
you or not, at the same time tell his partner as
truthfully as though he showed his haud. To
accomplish this result discard a high then a
lower card of the same suit, thus reversing the
order of the discard and, of course, reversing
the meaning of the special discard.
Here is an example. You hold ace, king,
I jack and three little diamonds. You have not
had the lead and could not indicate your
strength in diamonds. Your partner being
strong in trumps exhausts them. You holding
only two trumps with your six diamonds you
are compelled to discard two diamonds.
Your first discard of a diamond tells your
velvet curled over at each side. White
tulle beret ruched round the front with
black Chantilly, and trimmed at the left
side with two slender paradis noirs os
preys curling outward.
Last year about this time I «poke of how
many women East were learning how to
knit golf and bicycle stockings, indeed, it
was, and still is, quite a fad Bast, but I
know of but few here who knit stockings
for such purposes, and, indeed, the fancy
top? require some considerable knowledge
of that old-fashioned accomplishment, in j
which, until quite recently, only grand- j
mothers and old maids were supposed to 1
inctulee. Makcblla.
The Golor of J^arvj's Hair
The exact tint of the Scottish Queen's I
hair has been alwayß a vexed subject of
discussion. Some give it an unmitigated
red, Michelet, for instance, who so far
forgets himself and history as to call the
poor lady a great red camel ; others, siding
with chivalrous Sir Walter, boldly endow
their martyred Queen and mistress with
rich dark-brown tresses. It should not be
forgotten, however, that red hair, even
modest auburn, suffered a severe eclipse
WHIST
partner it is your weakest suit, but when you
made your second discaid, and it is lower than
the first, you say I reverse the meaning, my
first discard tays it was my poorest suit, ray
second says no, it is my best. It must be
borne in mind that the "reverse" should be
played only when no other suit can be dis
carded or when the dipcard of any otfier suit
entails the certain loss of a trick. The fifth
editon of "The Art of Practical Whist," by
Major-Geueral Drayson, gives this play in de
tail.
W^ISJbEJS.
The Trist Duplicate Whist Club started their
fall and winter schedule of play last Tuesday
evening in their rooms, in the Wenban build
ing, by giving a reception. It wa.-: not pos
sible to accommodate more thau two-thirds
of those that were in attendance, for
the rooms were more than packed. It
shows the popularity that whist has
with the people. James Foord, President
of the Los Angeles Whist Club, and his wife
came from Los Angeles to be present. Mrs. L.
W. Sitton, president of the Kate Wheelock
Club' of Portland, Or., and George E. Bates,
president of the San Francisco Club, and Mrs.
Bates were also present. The entire affair was
under the charge of the house committee— Mrs.
Fredericks, Mrs Myers and Mrs. Wpodward.
Two hours was spent at the silent game. The
spice of tne evening was a deal that was put
into play that came from the last whist con
gress. It was the second hand that was ever
played by Cavendish. Trist, Whitfield and
Weems In this country. The identical cards
they used and the positions in which they
played were a feature of the entertainment.
The deal was a3 follows:
Six club trumps, East to lead.
Robert H. Weems played South, N. B. Trist
played West, W. H. Whitfeld played North,
Cavendish played East, and the play was as
follows. The winning card is underscored.
TRICKS.
SOUTH.
WEST. NORTH.
EABT.
1.......
2
3.':'.*!'!!!!;:!'.
4... ..
5.......
6 ...".
7...V.
8
0~......
10-.. ....
11...... ..
12.::...........
i3..v;..........
10*
<?♦
8*
,60
9*
~90~
7+
20
30
50
70
JO
KO
1 |
7* 4*
5* 6*
3+ _Q+_
20 aq
9O 5O
60 QO
104. 5+
Kg. 6+
QO "TO
kg 80
-9* . J»
24» 80
A 4. 100
J +
3O
40
AQ
4+
JO
2*:
3* ■■■
8*
40
100
AA
Score: N. and S. 4, E. and W. 9.
dnring the early years of our century,
whereas, under the Valois no one with any
pretensions to elegaace could be seen wear
ing it black. In this particular, at least,
Mary Stuart must have had the advantage
of Queen Margot.who inherited her father's
dark coloring, and was reduced to dissem
ble nature's shortcomings by the perru
quiers art.
We are told of three gigantic blonde
lackeyj kept in her service, and brought
to the shears as regularly as sheep. Bran
tome, indeed, protests that his incompar
able princess could carry with grace "even
her natural black hair, twisted and plaited
a I'Espagnol, as she sometimes wore it, in
imitation of her sister, the Queen of
Spain." But no such need of insistence,
one feels, when he comes to praise the
curled golden tresses of the Scottish Queen.
'•Alas!' he cries, "what profanation was
that at the dreadful moment ol her death
when the barbarous executioner snatched
her bonnet, and there lay revealed those
same fair locks, now whitened, thin and
wintry, and which her friends of France
had so often seen to admire, curled and
adorned a3 befitted their beauty and the
Queen they graced/'— Macmillan's.
j The legitimate number of tricks that North
I and South should make is 4 and East and
West 9.
Fifteen tables played this deal. North and
: South* at five tables made only 3 tricks, North
j and South at another five tables made 4 tricks,
! two others 5 tricks; one table 7, one table 8
and one table 9.
Kast and West players of course made the
I opposite scores: Five, 10 tricks: five, 9 tricks;
two, 8 tricks; one, 6 tricks; one, 5 tricks, and
one 4.
It don't seem possible that in such a hand
there could be such a variance in the play.
We will send a copy of Milton C. Work's
"Whist of To-day" to the first one who sends
us the play of this deal where nine can be
j made North and South, double dummy or any
j other way.
The proceedings of the sixth American
! Whist Congas, held in Brooklyn, N. V., June
I 23t029, 189G, has just been issued by the
! recording secretary of the league, B. D. Krib
ben. This volume .contains a record of every
! thing that took place at the congress and the
scores of all contests are given. It is the first
time in the history of the league that the pro-
I ceedings were in print so soon after adjourn-
I ment of the congress. Mr. Kribben deserves
I the thanks of all whisters. Copies can be had
j by ordering them of B. L. Richards, treasurer,
American Whist League, Rock Rapids, lowa,
or whist editor of The Call.
"Revision of the Code of LaWs.
Before the adjournment of the sixth Whist
I Congress, just held in Brooklyn, the newly
j elected president of the* American Whist
i League, Mr. Walter H. Barney, of Pro\»dence,
R. I. announced a standing committee to re
port on the revision of the code of laws gov
erning all whist play, both straight and dupli
cate, in clubs belonging to the league. The
code of law 3 adopted by the third Whist Con
gress have never been revised, and it is to be
hoped that the revision that will take place at
the next congress will be the only one for
many years to come. The Trist Duplicate
Whist Club of this City has been honored with
the appointment of the chairman of this com
mittee, in the person of P. J. Tormey. The fol
lowing are the balance of the committee:
Cassius M. Paine, editor of Whist of Mil
waukee, Wis., Robert H. Weems of Brooklyn,
Irving T. Hart* of Chicago and Gustavus
Remak of Philadelphia.
The Oakland Whist Club has withdrawn its
challenge for the Rideout trophy, leavinsr the
way clear for theVallejo Club to have their
game at the earliest date possible.
The Vallejo Whist Club plays its next match
next Saturday, September 12, instead of the
19th, against the San Francisco club.
President R. B. Galley of the Linda Vista
Whist Club of Linda Vista Terrace, Oakland,
I entertained Mrs. L. W. Sutton, president of the
j Kate Wheelock Club of Portland, Or., last
Wednesday evening at the spacious rooms of
the Oakland Whist Club.
The play for the ladies' trophy held in the
San Francisco Club rooms last week resulted in
I a victory for the teem composed of Mrs. Bates,
Mrs. Schell, Miss 8. Jenkins and Miss Baldwin*
As they have now won ttie trophy twice they
cannot play together as a team in future con-
I tests,
Wkat Is
Gorrect
for Mer\
Covert coats, made of Venetian cloth,
finished witn a broad back and cut very
loose, are popular in New York. A broad
band is placed down the center of the
back, and the cuffs are finished with the
same styie of stitching. They have a
breast pocliet only and no lining. A
method has been discovered of rendering
them waterproof by the use of an acid.
White waietcoats are always correct with
evening dress, but should not be worn
with a Tuxedo coat. The latter is not
good form on any except informal occa
sions after candle-light. Even when ac
companied by ladies a white waistcoat
may not only be worn at the theater but
at the opera as well.
Black satin ties should be worn with
Tuxedo coats, and on informal occasions
with evening dress. Black silk ties are
only worn when in mourning.
Black silk hose must always be worn
with evening dress and with pumps.
Many like Balbriggan hose, and at pres
ent they are to be had in an extremely fine
quality. Black silk or lisle thread with
colored figures are worn with afternoon
dress; gray and brown, solid colors, or
silk checked with white figures, which
some people rather like.
Handkerchiefs remain plain and have
narrow borders or hems and initials in
white silk are in demand. Colored or
colored bordered handkerchiefs are very
common.
Some do not seem to realize that shoes
with pointed toes ceased to be fashionable
about four seasons ago, those with
rounded toe.s having taken their place. A
man lately inquired whicn is the correct
way of arranging the hair and -received
this reply:
Either in a straight part in the middle, or a
side part on the left, About two inches from
the middle. Long hair is affected only by
very young persons and college youths who
imagine that at this season they will be taken
for members of a football team.
When two men are driving and pass a
lady who bows to the whip, he should
salute with his whip and his companion
should raise his hat. No gentlewoman
should bow a second time to a man wnoni
she recognizes on the street who merely
touches but does not raise his hat.
Requests for information concerning
frockcoats are numerous, so I quote a full
description:
The Frock— The frock coat, which is the
proper garment to wear at afternoon weddings,
teas, luncheons and at garden parties in town
iv the season in London and in Paris, but
which has been somewhat superseded by the
lounge suit in midsummer, with morning coat,
has developed into a very shapely if rectangu
lar affair. The very full long skirts of the past
two years have been discarded. There is no
attempt to copy the fashions of our grand
fathers. The most popular frock coat is made
of black, dull surface cloth, with a slrght twill.
It is double-breasted, three buttons. The
lapels are pointed, and in width are about two
inches wide at tne bottom and about two and
a quarter at the top. It is usually finished
with silk facings to the ends of holes. There
are, of course, no outside pockets. In length
it is about forty-two inches, coming to just a
little below the knee. It is cut square in tho
skirts, and the shoulders are broad. English
tailors are even making frock coats shorter
than this description given. I have eeen ie
stated by an observing correspondent that
many do not reach to the knee, but we have
not arrived at that fashion in America as yet.
C. C.
Kreiger's Millinery Opening.
Imported fall and winter hats, the latest
novelties, mobt fashionable millinery goods.
Opeuing Tuesday, September 8, and following
days. 1010 Market street. *
The total income of the Church of Eng
land is about £200,000 a week.
STEW TO-DAY.
'T I !■ — . -
Tumblers Tumble
Store closed on Tuesday and Wednes-
day this "week. Therefor** until Satur-
day, night our fine, thin $1.00 Water
Glasses. t>rettilv eniravpd. oro at 6O
cents per dozen. Claret
or Soda Tumblers to match, same
price. Not the light, flimsy s'uff
that is sold so cheaply (?>, but first
quality Tumblers made of pure lead
giass.
A large, complete Dinner Set of 115
pieces Meakin's famous Royal Decor-
ated Semi-Porcelain, formerly $16.50,
now $12.00. That's a sample of tha
■way we are reducing our overstock of
Dinner Sets.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE—
- '.:. A Quarter of a Block Below Shrew's.
WANQENHbIM, STERNHEIM & CO.
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
BELOW MONTGOMERY.
ipf%%o^^iiw}n makes the whole fam- p
* alCg%k'.<L#' ily nappy> Send flve 6
\VMffi£\^vsi?l two-cent stamps for X
jSf' \ V Womankind ' three o
[■!' $wK ,$, months and receive 9
m : K ; ffll\\lV^P ; FREE the Woman- X
Sy»«#!fl^iilia kind Cook Book, filled 5
v ■ " with tested recipes 9
S of practical housekeepers. You'll like 2
5 the paper. It's able, bright and clean. $
? Address, WOMANKIND, 9
0 mention this paper. Springfield, Ohio. X
<>o<xx>o-oc<>o<><x><vrv<><>oooo<w>ooo
i^Ry./i^il*^! /;ll'i*i 4W: T4 ifl 1 111 '!w ?X* J jvV' '^wS^a
T>EMOVES SUPERFLUOUS HAIR BY ELEC-
XX tricity at $1 a sitting; tirst sitting free: no
scars left; moles, wans, e'e, also removed.
2930
THE STAGE
&DWAftD J HAGAN - MOROSCO
"Madame Sans Gene" is for all the world
like a superior wax-work exhibition, with
the characters suddenly made alive and
kicking. The historical personages who al
ways wear crowns and stars and garters and
yards and yards of ermine, and who stand
bo haughty and unbending on their pedes
tals in the wax-works, have stepped down
in "Mme. Sans Gene," and parade about
the staize so that you can see their finery
from every point ol view. It is really in
teresting to meet a queen and an emperor
at such close range — not some musty old
togn-wearing Emperor who expects you to
be interested in Roman politics, but the
genuine nineteenth century article.
Napoleon's pictures have flattered him
immensely, though, or else Augustus Na
poleon Cook has something wrong with
his make-up. His head is very, very big,
and his extremities artfairy, fairy Lillian
like. As for the terrible Napoleonic visage
it is flat and w,bite and wide, like a full
moon. Cook has caught a likeness to the
proud CorsicaD, but it is the sort of parody
likeness that would make things co hard
with him if Napoleon were on earth.
Augustus Cook's acting is more lifelikt
than his make-up. Admiring historian
have tried to glo-s it over, but they have
not hidden the fact that Napoleon's man
ners were terrifying to people not used tc
military discipline, and the impressive
manner in which Cook holds up hisend of
the family row with the Queen of Naples
aud the Princess Eiise shows that he has
carefully studied the records of Napoleon's
little ways.
it is not to see Napoleon, though, or
Lefebvre, or the dancing master of the ro
mantic Austrian count, or even the dress
parades, that, if you have not already done
bo you should hasten to see "Mme. Sens
Gene." That lady herself is the play, and
a more attractive "Mrs. Free and Easy"
than Miss Kidder you could scarcely ask
to meet.
* People who like grand opera, and their
name is legion, will regret that the Tivoli
season comes to an end with the end of
this week. The management has more
than fulfilled the promises made at the
beginning oi the season. The artists have
exceeded the hopes and expectations
raised beforehand, and the orchestra,
under the direction of Gustav Hinrichs,
has accomplished everything anticipated
from that gentleman's well-known repu
tation. Nothing popularizes a love cf
good music so rapidly and surely as grand
opera, and the thanks of the community
are due to the Tivoli for the musical mis
sionary work it has been doing.
The theater hat is lively to p!ay an im
portant part in politics this fall. Driven
to bay on every other point, the adver
saries of suffrage are beginning to in
trench themselves behind this sort of
argument: If the unanimous press of the
country is unable to induce women — the
majority of vroinen— to give up the theater
hat, how do you suppose women are ever
going to be influenced by political argu
ment? Will they not here, as in every
thing else, follow the tyrant fashion,
regardless of logic, reason, irony, threats
and entreaties? And to this question
stern, determined men are awaiting a
reply.
There was plenty of jocular discussion
last winter over the FosdicK law against
theater hats, passed by the Ohio Legisla
ture. The exact provisions of the
law are summed up by Henry Finck
as follows: That any owner, lessee,
proprietor or manager of any the
ater, hall, opera-bouse or any such build
ing where theatrical or other perform
ances rre given, where an admission
fee is charged, who permits or
suffers any person or persons during
the performance in such theater, hall,
opera-house or building where such per
formance is given to wear a hat sufficiently
large to obstruct the view of persons sitting
behind her shall be guilty of a misde
meanor, and shall upon conviction be fined
not more than $10 nor less than $2. Every
hat permitted to be worn in violation of
the Jaw shall constitute a separate of
fense."
Only two votes were recorded against
the bill, which is a silent but eloquent
proof of what the men in the Senate must
have suffered from the obstructing theater
hat.
Louisiana also has its hitrh hat bill,
which aimed originally at excluding hats
entirely from the theater. A gallant Sen
ator named Fenner intervened, how
ever, and succeeded, after an eloquent
burst of oratory, in passing an amend
ment authorizing the wearing of aigrettes
in opera bonnets. Now there are aigrettes
Blanche übates- Columbia
and aigrettes, and pessimistic theater
goers are predicting that in New Orleans,
this season, the aigrettes will be
as big as the legendary plumes in
the hat of a tambour-major of the Old
Imperial Guard. An enterprising
newspaper has interviewed the leading
milliners, and has succeeded in formulat
ing this definition: "An opera bonnet is
a bonnet which conforms strictly to a
woman's head, and which has no brim, but
it can be trimmed according to the fancy of
the wearer, and theie is no limit to its
altitude." This expert opinion is believed
to prove that the new law is entirely illu
sionary, for how will the authorities and
ihe wearers of "aigrettes" ever come to a
eaceful understanding as to the limits of
the opera-bonnet?
The iron hand of the law has not yet
been called upon to wrest the theater hat
from the California women, but it has a
political aspect here ithich is more serious
than any legislation against it. The suf
frage amendment is to be voted on this
fall, and in the theater hat the adversa
ries of suffrage hold a terrible indictment
against the majority of theater-Eoing
women. It is not likely, as an Ohio joker
suggested, that the coming Presidential
campaign will hinge on the theater hat,
but the fate of the suffrage amendment
may be trembling in the balance. Let the
women of this State be warned in time
and reject the obnoxious big hat, before it
becomes a weapon in the hands of their
adversaries.
BALDWIN THEATER.
"Madame Sans Gene," which has proved
so successful at the Baldwin Theater, will
be continued for two weeks longer. The
play has much to commend it to different
classes of theater-goers. Not only is it
gorgeously mounted, but it covers a variety
of emotions and gives an opportunity to
the heroine to do some delightfully clever
work.
The next attraction at the Baldwin will
be the Lyceum Theater success, "The
Prisoner of Zenda."
•
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
"On the Bowery" opens at the Califor
nia Theater to-morrow rrtght, with Steve
Brodle in the part which was originally
written for him. The play introduces the
audience to all that is dearest to lovers of
melodrama. Comedy abounds, sensations
follow one another thick and fast, and
specialties, new and up to date, are
promised Dy the management.
Both interior and exterior views of
Steve Brodie's saloon on the Bowery are
shown. There is also a scene on the
Brooklyn Bridge, with the huze towers
and intricate cable network, and from this
elevation Brodie leaps to save the de
ceived girl, who has been thrown into the
ivi-t River. Anbther scene shows the
East Biver'with its warehouse, watch
house, shipping and heavy merchandise
on the bank.
The characters include the vagrant,
"Dismal" Delaney, who resorts to every
known device for procuring drinks; Isi
dore Micheowsky, who sells shoestrings
with a persistency worthy of a better
cause, and Dan Gibbs, who is always
seeking a fight and runs away when he
gets one. In fact, Bowery life and its
dramatis personse are fully represented
and go to make up what has proved in the
East to be an entertaining performance.
A special matinee performance of "On
the Bowery" will be given on Admission
day.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
"The Wife," which the Frawley Com
pany will produce for the first time in this
City to-morrow night at the Columbia
Theater, is an American drama, which is
said to depend for its interest upon legiti
mate emotion. There are no disagreeable
social problems in the play, and no sur
reptitious interest is given by the intro
duction of specialties or mechanical ef
fects.
The story is that of a girl who is tricked
by an unworthy rival into discarding her
lover and marrying a man who has always
had her respect, but not her love. He
proves his worthiness of her considera
tion, when he finds that he himself, no
less than his wife, has been the victim of
a mistake. On account of his forbearance
and manly conduct under his trouble, the
heroine learns to love her husband, and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
the marriage turns out happily after all.
"The Wife" is said to teacn a moral by
enforcing tbe sanctity of the marriage
tow.
The strength of the Frawley company
will be brought into requisition for the
forthcoming production, and elaborate
preparations have been made for the
staging. In addition to the usual Satur
day matinee, there will be a special mati
nee on Wednesday, September 9.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
Sporting people will be especially inter
ested in the clay which opens at the
Grand to-morrc w night. It is "The Great
Brooklyn Handicap," a comedy-drama,
which gives a reproduction of the Brook-
lyn handicap of three years ago. Real
racehorses are to be presented, and they
will be ridden by Joe Newell, W. Sullivan,
Albert Steel. Geor. c Coady and Charles
Cole, jockeys from the Ingleside track.
The race will be made very exciting by
false starts, etc.
Another remarkable scene is to be the
presentation of Broadway by night, with
the cable-cars running. A stylish turnout
with spirited horses is stopped on the
tracks, while a right takes place and a
blockade ensues.
"The Great Brooklyn Handicap" is the
work of a woman, Alice Ives. It is said
to contain plenty of human interest, in
addition to its sensational scenes, and
Lottie Williams and Ed Heron will have
comedy opportunities galore.
ALGAZAR THEATER.
"Turned Up" will have its last perform
ance at the Alcazar Theater to-day. To
morrow the well-known farcical comedy,
"All the Comforts of Home," will be pro
duced.
The cast will include the leading mem
bers of the Alcazar company, who made a
favorable impression last week, with the
addition of Violet Aubry and Harold
Vizar. The servant in "All the Comforts
of Home" is usually made a male part. In
this presentation it will be made a female
role. Amy Lee, who is cast for the char
acter of Kitty McDow, is versatile and
will introduce specialties.
The management announces »hat the
delay experienced between the acts on
the opening night and to a lesser degree
on the succeeding nights, has been entirely
remedied, as everything on the stage is
now working smoothly. The handsome
stage settings and accessories have al
ready been favorably commented on.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
The Grand Opera Company will finish
its present season at the Tivoli Opera
house this week, as it is due in Los Angeles
for a series of performances.
The repertoire announced is as follows:
To-morrow and Friday evenings, "Lucia
di Lammermoor." with Mile. Ida Valerga,
who will appear for the first time this sea
son in the title role; on Tuesday evening
Gounod's "Romeo and Juliet," and on
Wednesday and Saturday evenings "11
Trovatore," with Mile. Valerga as Leon
ora, Signor de Vries r.s the Count de Luna,
and Miss Bern ice Holmes as Azucena.
Thursday evening will be devoted to a pre
sentation of Balfe's "The Bohemian Girl,"
with Miss Humphrys as Arline.
On Sunday evening, the 13th inst., the
first presentation will be given in this
City of Humperdinck's fairy opera, "Han
sel and Gretel." An enlarged orchestra,
new scenery, etc., are promised. Joseph
Hirschbach, who has made a special study
of the remarkable opera, will conduct.
"Hansel and Gretel" will be continued
till the return of the grand opera com
pany from the south, when "II Ballo in
Maschera," "Aida" and other well-known
operas will be given.
AT THE ORPHEUM.
Six new turns are announced in the
Orpheum's programme for this week, and
the holdovers will appear in new acts.
Lovers of Irish knockabout specialties
will be catered to by Ferguson and Mack.
Terry and Elmer will appear in a gro
tesque comedy sketch, in which Miss
Elmer will introduce her lightning sword
drill. Bellman and Moore will do a son<*
and-dance act. Bellman is said to have'a
fine bass voice, and Miss Moore is spoken
of as a graceful dancer.
"The Peerless Marguerite" comes her
alded as a famous contortion dancer, and
she will appear in the dances which have
mnde her talked of in the East. The La
Rose brothers, Chinese impersonators and
trick artists, will give a number of spe
cialties.
The other new attraction will be the
Vaasar Quartet, whose members are
Blanche Chapman, Cora Macey, Josie
Intropidi and James Sturgis. Their
! sketch, "A Quiet Vacation," turns, out to
be anything but a quiet affair. Lydia Yea
mans-Titus has been re-eniraged for an
other week, and will sing some new songs.
Filson and Erroll will continue their
sketch, "Men vs. Women." Richard
Petrop announces impersonations of local
characters, including Mayor Sutro and
Judge Campbell.
AT THE CHUTES.
The interest in the Chutes scenic rail
way, # hall of illusions, haunted swing,
trolley and innumerable attractions at the
Haight-street grounds is constantly on
the increase and every week sees some
new permanent attraction added.
The performances in the casino are of a
varied character and very entertaining,
and include the Joshinato troupe of Japan
ese jugglers and acrobats, the Masons,
horizontal bar performers, and Paul Korto,
who though possessed of but one arm is a
wonderful equilibrist. A great novelty is
a one-mile bicycle race on the stage, giver*
by two young ladies. By a peculiar me
chanical contrivance the wheels are kept
in full view of tne audience and the speed
at which they go is accurately timed.
As an especial attraction Antonio .Pirri
from the Chutes at Milan will coast down
the long slide into the water on a safety
bicycle this afternoon at 4:30, and he will
repeat the feat every evening during the
week.
A NEW WOMAN.
Miss Nethersole will bring several new
plays with her to America, among them
being a society drama by Mrs. Vere Camp
bell, an Englishwoman, who is gradually
making her way into public notice. Mrs.
Campbell is a womau of extraordinary
originality of thought and method, and
her work is sure to make a great impres
sion in America. While rather of the
idealistic school her plays and books are
tinged with a morbid spirit of realism that
is almost savage in its strength. Mr. and
Mrs. Beerbolim Tree, who think highly of
her work, have already favorably consid
ered more than one of her plays, but
Charles Frohman has been the only man
ager who so far has civen them serious at
tention. Mr. Frohman considers that
Mrs. Campbell's play will prove a tower
of strength in Miss Nethersole's reper
toire, of all of which the people on this side
of the water will be able to judge sooner
than her fellow-country people.
DRAMATIC BREVITIES.
Lillian Russell will make her entrance
in "An American Beauty" on the back of
an elephant.
A special holiday matinee of "On the
Bowery" will be piven at the California on
Admission day — Wednesday next.
Mrs. Beerbohm-Tree probably will not
accompany her husband to America, Kate
Rorke coming as leading lady instead.
"The Prisoner of Zenda" is still a big
drawing-card in Englana, where it is
being presented by George Alexander.
Lydia Thompson is now playing the
part of an eccentric spinster in a farcical
comedy which tours the British provinces.
Augustin Daly announced the other
night in London that his much-talked-of
revival of "Henry IV" had been aban
doned.
The Bostonians will play a long engage
ment in New York at the Knickerbocker
Theater, where several new operas will be
produced.
"The Brownies" will be presented this
season by a company of 125 people. The
spectacle will have an entirely new lot of
scenery, costume?, etc.
Anthony Hope has written a dramatic
version of his own novel, "Hall a Hero,"
and a performance of the piece has been
given for copyright purpose.
Charles W. Swain, formerly comedian
at Morocco's Grand Opera-house, leaves
for New York City on September 7, to ac
cept an engagement with an Eastern com
pany.
Among the improvements inaugurated
by the managers of the Alcazar Theater
not the least was the introduction of a sys
tem of ventilation. It was needed and is
a success.
The Pacific Coast rights to the Bouci
cault plays and the Augustin Daly pro
ductions have been secured by the man
agement of the Alcazar Theater and iheir
elaborate presentation is promised soon.
Miss Alice Bacon and Gialio Minetti
announce a series of four ensemble con
certs of classical works. The concerts will
taKe place at the Association auditorium,
beginning the last Sunday in this month.
In "Madame Sans Gene" there are forty
seven orders and decorations worn. The
most noticeable ones are those of the
Legion of Honor, the Royal Bavarian and
the Austrian orders and Napoleon's per
sonal badge. All of these have been care
fully copied from the originals.
An extract says: "In Angustin Daly's
company this ssason there will be a new
recruit to the stage who in beauty may
claim to rival the far-famed Maxine
Elliott. Her name is Pauline French and
she comes from San Francisco, where she
is well known in social circles. She is a
tall, graceful ~irl, inclining to the brunette,
and has magnificent eyes. She also pos
sesses intelligence far above the average.
f(atkr\jr\
Kidder's
Lingerie
Prohnhly no member of the dramatic
profession is more devoted to that delicate
and dainty lingerie which is so distinctly
French than Kathryn Kidder, or Madame
Sans Gene, as her friends love to call her.
Any bri'le might well envy the dozens of
sets of finest cambric un derwear, which
are marv«ls of art in the way of tacking
and lace trimmings, and which are kept
carefully in lavender and replenished each
month by Miss Kidder's French maid.
Miss Kidder takes most pride, however, in
her beautiful skirts and corsets, and that
fact causes little wonder to those who have
had a peep at the exquisite combinations.
They come direct from the hands of the
Parisian modiste, and bear the stamp of
aristocratic elegance.
One beauty is made of black satin, bro
caded in roses, with a wide flounce of yel
low satin, over which is a second flounce
of black Spanish lace, fastened tierennd
there with butterfly bows of yellow and
black satin ribbons. The petticoat is lined
throughout with yellow silk, edeed at the
bottom with two yellow silK pinked-out
ruffles. The corsets to match are made of
the brocaded satin, edged with yellow
satin and biack lace, and laced with yel
low silk.
Another petticoat is of black satin strewn
with bouquets of colored marguerites con
nected by garlands. Tnis petticoat is
very wide, and on the lower part is a
puckered double flounce of black lace,
embroidered with pastilles de soie, the
first flounce being straight and the second
undulated. They are kept in place by
artistic bows of black mousseline de soie,
surmounted by a little accordion-plaited
cre3t of the same material, supported by a
thin brass wire. Below the lace flounces,
to support them, is a flounce of broche
satin, like the ground of the petticoat. It
is lined with rose taffeta, which makes it
more comfortable, and terminates in two
balayeuses de coupees.
A more elegant petticoat for evening
wear is of silk stuff, embroidered with large
flowers in maize and heliotrope. The
skirt, of broche, ?s cut in points, which rest
on a deep flounce of plaited maize taffeta,
showing a little border of heliotrope
flounce. These flounces are covered with
another flounce of lace, imitating old point
d'Agenton, and placed en baldequin, with
Louis XV shepherdess bows of maize and
heliotrope satin.
Another dainty petticoat is of light mas
tic poult de soie, with printed pompadour
bouquets. It is cut into five large teeth,
which fall over a flounce of rose taffeta de
chine, which is itself trimmed with two
puckered flounces of taffeta. A flounce of
accordion-plaite,d mousseline de soie veils
the taffeta flounces. This flounce is orna
mented with two insertions of lace, five
centimeters apart. They are plaited like
the mousseline de soie.
The top of the flounce is formed by a
little rouche bouillonne of mastic mous
seline de soie. Between each of the teeth
of the ssirt is an insertion of lace over
rose satin. This insertion is fixed by
Louis XVI bows of satin ribbon. The pet
ticoat, which is very soft in front, is lined
with rose taffeta de chine.
One of Miss Kidder's favorites is of silk
stuff, embroidered at the top with vert
d'eau erlace, with white. The lower part
is of white poult de soie, with scalloped
flounces, over which is a deep flounce of
cream mousseline de soie. adorned with
five plaits trimmed with cream-colored
lace, in imitation of Mechlin. The top of
the flounce is trimmed with lace and bows
of white satin ribbon, Louis XVI style.
The ends of the bows hang over the fluffy
flounce. This petticoat, which is charm
ing, is lined throughout with satin.
Several petticoats are of pretty Scotch
taffeta in different shades, the flounces
surrounded by a ruching of the taffeta, be
low which are three sweeping flounces in
corresponding shades of silk. There is
one pretty affair of yellow taffeta, com
posed of three flounces- placed one above
the other and ornamented with ruches of
taffeta. The bottom flounce is straight,
while the two others are considerably un
dulated. This particular petticoat, which
is four meters round, is not lined, but is
adorned below with two balayeuse flounces.
Each of these exquisite combinations is
matched by a pair of corsets in the same
shade, color and design, and trimmed in
variably with a quantity of Valenciennes,
a lace, by the way, of which the young
star is particularly fond.
Every man should read the advertisement of
Thomas Slater on page 32 of this paper.
HEW TO-DAT-AMUSEUENTS.
CENTRAL PARK.
/■^SkV TIIIVJ AFTERNOON AT 2.
/ £ -Sft\ -"'" EvENINO AT 8.
/ |fjsyS»*A THE TALK OF
[^JraVf^ AI ' FRISCO!
WMjtepM THE BIQ SHOW
X^ %£r OF THE WORLD!
>^£"*"v'\ '• THE GREAT
feffi^^ IDIH and SELLS
||jg§4-FAW _ BROS.
AMERICA'S
Xat^VN. GREATEST shows
/ Ijl \ combined !
(^t^J^^ill! The Largest Menagerie
P^JSlfiarlli in the World.
dffl^H^' 3()0 STAR ARTISTS— 3OO
300 STAR AKTISTS-300
XJP^_^«i^ 100-GREAT ACTS— IOO
/ r fM \ Two Herds of Performing
/ W.£^(Et \ Elephants. Kducated seals and
1 ■ &t\ ss^~l f " ea L)on *- Two Great Hlppo-
i^'«Wai^3?&i pot ami. The i.niy livine Khi-
V ■^gf noceros. Greatest Performing
VJS«lfei?si?^y Beasts. Beyond nil comoarlson
>3J3yW|M*^' ''"■ loosest, richest and most
.■<i^i-^ complete Arenlcand Zoological
enterprise In the world. Two performances dally
at 2 and Bp. m. Doors open an hour earlier.
Sentini; capacity 1&.000. 26 uniformed ushers.
Numbered coupon. Actually reserved seats on
sale at PACIFIC MDBIC COMPANY'S, 816 Mar-
ket street.
Scale of .trices: General admission 50c; chil-
dren under 9 years, half Drlce: chairs on grand
stand, .11; private boxes with six seats, $9 00;
single seats in private boxes, $1 60.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Miu>. i.B>u>n.\t iiUKLisa, Proprietor & .d.»ua;«:
Season of* Grand Opera. !
TO-NIGHT-LAST TIME!
Verdi's Tragic Opera,
"E:R.:N\A.3sr:i:r
NEXT WEEK
To-Morrow and Friday ..LUCIA
Tuesday...... ROMEO AND JULIET
Wednesday. Saturday. .lL TROVATORE
Thursday THE BOHEMIAN GIKL
First Appearance this Season of Mile. Ida Valerga.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MECHANICS' FAIR.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION
PAVILION, LARKIN STREET,
Grandest Exposition on Record.
HINRICHS* FINE ORCHESTRA.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 7— ;
ACME AND RELIANCE CLUBS
OF OAKLAND.
Wagner Night. Tuesday, Sept. 8, Chinese Night.
Wednesday, Sep.. 9, Admission Day— After-
noon. Baby Show, prizes $-50; Kven-
. ' Ing, Poem by Native Daughters,
Prize $26. -
Orations by Mertin ■ Callan and Mariano BertollL
— Admission 250, Children 15c.
N OPEN DATCAND EVENING.
______ _____________ ___________
FOR THE
FREE CLAMBAKE!
Given by the ...
Citizens of Tibnron
SUNDAY, NOON, SEPTEMBER 6,
The San Francisco and Nortn Pacific Boats will
depart from Tiburon Kerry, San Francisco, as fol-
lows: 7:30, 9:80, 10:30 and 11:00 ' a. m., 12:10 and
1:30 p. v.
Fare for Round Trip - 25c.
HgBE! K. X. RYAN,
General Passenger Agent.
H. C. WHITING,
General Manager. .
SUTRO BATHS.
;• Open Dally from 7 a. m. Until 11 P. M.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
General AOmlssion— Adults 10c. Children sc.
CONVENT LIFE, MADHOUSE LIFE
AND LIFE AMOMi WOMEN WAGE-EARN-
ers In America— Lecture SATURDAY, Sept.
12, 8 o'clock P. M., by HELEN HAYDEN, the
Woman Detective. Crystal Hall, third floor.
, Pythian Castle, 909 Market st. Admission 26c.
in Mrtwii-iirt™ l— mil nw <imn nmr w~iV t j iTTIT "" i~"~ *v;_-'*w. : '"'>t.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS. >« ,_r-^.-»i-
/rtffl^^lw NEWVORK OFFICE 42 W. 3O T - M . STREET.
rfgjgmSj ** RAN^V pRANCISCO. CAL. estab.lBB7.
Gustav y Walter, director general-
OTarrell Street, bet. Stockton and Powell.
week Oomxnenoing liloiidlay, Sept. *7.
14--All 3>a y gsi S'teqrjB — X_4b
NEW YORK'S LATEST HINGING SUCCESS,
THE VASSAR QUARTETTE!
BLANCH CHAPMAN, CORA MACY, JOsiK IJiTROPIDI, JAMES A. STURQIS.
BEJ_L^MAJN_ANDiJW^
THE PEERLESS MARGUERITE!
THE WORLD'S GREATEST CONTORTION DANCER.
TPPPV AlVin Cl MCD grotesques AND
I E-ffYfY I Mill LI Cil_l¥l_lt\ 9 BRIGHT ECCENTRIC COMEDY.
THE WONDERFUL TUHBLERS | A Dt*^d7 83 D/> O
AND TRICK ACROBATS, L.A KUOL bKUOi
THE TALK OF SAN FRANCISCO, "THE QUARRELING COUPLE,"
s pi E oP T L H E E i! FILSON AND ERROL! ?KiSR. 0P
• In Their Most Laughable Sketch, "MEN v«. WOMEN."
7_ LYDiIYEAMmTiTC^^ ~.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), SEPT. 6.
Last Appearance of THE FOUR NELSON SISTERS and FAVOR AND SINCLAIR.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c ; Children, 10c, any part.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
Hat — T] TO-MORROW (MONDAY) EVENING, SEPTEMBER 7,
Baldwin a <^. wbesk.
I ' most brilliant success in a decade.
T-jARCKE AXJIDIB2SrOB3S DBIiIQHTBD !
ENGLISH VERSION SiLPIDOTJ'S GREAT NAPOLEONIC PLAY,
"MADAME SANS GENE"
.v- (MADAME DON'T CARE).
WITH XATHR-STlvr KIDDBR IN THE TITLE ROLE.
THE REGULAR PRICES OP T ll IS HOUSE PREVAIL.
Ir at the I TOMORROW (MONDAY), SEPTEMBER 7,
I 1/ALIFGPNIA -A- SUPREMELY < 11-.3I J I A.NT -A.2STD
— VW>nir> IMPORTANT event !
Th.©. Succosa of tlxo Century!
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE ADMISSION DAY, Wed., Sept. 9.
DAVIS & KEOGH'S SENSATIONAL S-ENIC SPECTACLE,
The Slost Famous, Picturesque, Amusing and Thrilling; Portrayal of
Curious Jiow York Scenes ana Characters liver
Shown on Any Stage, With
STEVE BRODIE
Champion Bridge Jumper of the World and King of the Bowery, -
AND AN EXCELLENT CAST.
REALISTIC PICTURES OF EAST SIDE LIFE OF GREATER NEW YORK.
California Popular Prices— Evenings. 25c to 91. Matinees— 2sc, 50c and 75c.
~'~~~^~~~~^ MM "~~"~~ MM " M "~^ MM ~ M ~^~^~^~~~^~~ MMM ~~*~~~~"~™~~~~^~^~^~"~~* M ~~^~*~^~*~~~~*T
••TRICDLANDERXiOTTLOB&(2- LEASES &MANAGERS- ••
Til© X_i£LSt Of I "THE SOCIAL TRUST" I To-Night.
_a.T*rx> n?iE3L33iJsr — —
Cornea the climax of them all— The famous society comedy, by De Mille & Belasco, entitled
"THE WIFE 3!"
The longest run of any play ever presented at the Lyceum Theater, New York.
— : — I -_—«-._.___ - T. DANIEL FRAWLEY.
* J 'T-T i-a 5 WILTON I.AIKAYK.
BLANCHE U. BATES. n "^"^ FRANK WORTHING.
hope ROSS. 4—^* -T~» i:« y^ m AKBUCKLE.
MADGE CARR COOK, *LjT XTV..ir* B-C3u JL HARRY COrtSON CLARK.
LANSING ROW AN. _-.. _^ _—__---, GEORGE LEaLIE.
ALICE PIXLKY.. . C? J^LSl^r GEORGE BOSWORTH.
-h-^-fc---»ii-w rffc WILSON ENOS.
To be produced T?T> ATV T TT~V POMP A "NTV With new scenery and' accessories
by the -T HA " XjJJJ X VVIUI JA.IA X . from the original models.
POPULjAR PRICES. Special Matinee "Wednesday— Admission Day.
ALCAZAR THEATER,
O'Farrell Street, between Stockton and Powell.
BELASCO, DOaNE A JORDAN Lessees and Managers
BPII I lANT The season opened much bettor than antlcl-
V T \- . pated. The house crowded and all delighted
EQINNINQ ! with the lavish Improvements.
■ "TURNED; UP"
Proved a Hit I Last Two Performances To-day.
COBI3IENCING TO-MORROW, Sept. 7— The Frantically and Furiously Funny Farce,
"ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME!"
BY THE UNEXCELLED ALCAZAK STOCK COMPANY OF PLAYERS.
Have You Ever Heard of Siiolx Grand Produotiona
for So T_iittl© Money ?
. THE ALCAZAR'S AND EVERYBODY'S PRICES-15c, 25c. 35c and 50c. Matinee«
Saturday and Sunday— lsc. ami doc. Telephone Black 891. secure Your Seats in Advance.
NKXT \VK X— Grand Production of H >b>;rt.son'.s Military Comedy— ''Orßs ."
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Th« Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOKOSCO •— ' " Sole Lessee and Manajjs;
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES OF "HELD IN SLAVERYI"
The Thrilling Nautical Melodrama.
A RACING PLAY THAT HAS NEVER BKF.N SURPASSED.
NEXT MONDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 7",
And Third Successful Wee *c ..* "hose Two Funny Folks,
LOTTIE "WT.3LjT_,I:.A.MS- H3D"W^v.K,3D J. HERON
In the Grandest of Race Comedy-Dramas,
"THE GREAT BROOKLYN HANDICAP!"
• Which Has Scored Long Runs In New York. Boston, Philadelphia and Chicago. Most
Realistic of Racing Scenes, With Real Jockeys and Thoroughbred Horsed
NEW SONGS! DANCES! . NEW SONGS !
EVENING PRICK3-10C, 35c and 50c. MA riNEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
Special Admission Day Slitlnee Wednesday, September 9th. *
THE CHUTES, CASINO |c n ce d n,c g r r^ l t w e
ON bARTH.
AFTERNOONS AND EVENINGS.
OPEN TO-DAY FROM 10 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
Every Evening at 10 O'clock and THIS ■ AJPIERIOOI'AT HALF-PAST FOUR,
ANTONIO PIRRI
(From the Chutes at Milan, Italy),
Will RIDE DOWN THE CHUTES and Land in the Lake on a Safety Bicycle.
A GREAT BILL IN THE CASINO!
THEDEFILIFPES, ROYAL JAPANESE ACROBATS, THE MASONS, JULES
KORTO and a Mile Bicycle Race on the Stage.
Admission. 10 Cents. Children. Including Merry-Go-Round Ride. 5 Cents.
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STS. PRESIDIO ATHLETIC GROUNDS.
■ .c.V^3? -^-fi»^BBI.A.IjXj ' 7 ;"- SUNDAY, SEPT. 6. AT 330 P M
SAN ntANCISCOB vs. OAKLANDS. ■ r -— 1 .7- ~ so '.. m«•
Game tailed at 2:30 p. m. . Coast College Championship!
ADMISSION 33 CENTS. LADIES FREE ST. IGNATIUS- ts ST. MARY'S.THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
IMMAEI OF THE *lAKKK r >
Eaai clearings gada 2i^3f.
BUyer unchanged.
All Cereals doll.
Flaxseed lower and decllcin;.
Jfo trading in Beans-
Bay very vreai.
Feedsicffs ucchanged.
Dried Frui:s ateallr r.
Fresh Frcits ar.changed. • •
Onions ai-d Potatoes cheap.
Sharp advance in Batter.
Cheese and Es?s nnchangtsl.
A car or Eastern Poultry In,
VTa:ermelons low.
Provis;oas as be: ore. I
HANK CLKAKIXGS.
local bant clparin^slast week were 512.759,U0,
aratpst ei2.4«3.210 for tie same week in 1395,
a gain of 2^%- . .. . '
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
Cnt-ted States Dkpaetmkxt or AGBictrir
tcke. Weather Bcssac. ■■ax Fkascisoo. Sept.
5, 1E96, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
t orecas; :
The fo'.lowin? maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 60. Fresno 100, San Dleao 74, Red Blntt
100. San Lei, cbi«po 72.Yuma 106, San Francisco
el. Los Aacdes SO.
San Francisco da:a— Maximum temperature 61,
minimum 53. mean 57.
The pressure has fallen durfrg th» pas: twentv
iour ; b.onrs over Montana, Idaho, Wyoming and
J-lah, It has risen generally over f-e Pacific
slope. There are no xrrfl msrked high or low
areas la the western half of the coontrv. Through
on: the great valley* of California and extending
down into Ar:rona the pressure is relatively low.
The tem;*r»;nre has ialien over Washington
from 4 degrees to 12 decrees. Fort Canby report*
a fa .! of 24 degrees in twenty-four hours. The
temperature has r^en over tne country east of
«ie S:erras and west of th* Plateau.
LJght raios cave cccarrtd in Western Nevada
and in Eastern Arixoca.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. September 6,1596-
Northern California- Kair San with fog in
the morning *!oog the coast: continued warm
weather in the valleys: fresh wes-.eriy winds on
Ihe coast: li^ht. variable winds inland.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; light west
erly winds: continued warm weather.
-Nevada — Cloudy and somewhat threateaing
weather Sunday; warmer iv western portion.
Ctab — Clojdy Sunday: continued warm weather.
Ar:zana— Fair Sunday, except pos»io,y showers
In extreme eastern port Snoday morning.
 San Francisco ana vicinity— Fair Sunday, with
light fog to the moraine: fresh westerly winds.
A. U. McAdie. Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK M.VRKEXs.
T"ii:ancial.
NEW TOKK. N. V.. SepL s.— Stocks at the
opening were generally a shade lower on the fail
ure of London to respond to our strong closing of
yesterday and on rumors that the bank statement
weald make a very unfavorable snowing. The
weakness old no: las: loag however, and the cose
was strong wtih an advancing tendency. Local
bears held oS for a time, bat when the bank state
men; was published this contingent began to
cover. Th« statement was better than generally
expected. The banks now hold ?d,"-'-'5,550 ln ex
cess of the legal requirement jura:n=: ?34,546,
-776 for the corresponding period last year. A fur
ther contraction of over $-2, 700.000 was reported
In loans, and deposits decreased 63.C00- Tbe
gold arrivals were partly reflected in the gain of
1,550,000 in specie, but ihrra was a loss of
♦3.674. in legal tenders.
In the npwr-ra movement near tbe close the
Grangers, Manhattan and General Electric were
moss prominent. The Western stocks were
strengthened by a vague rumor that the St. Paul
directors were contemplating an increase In the
rate cf dividend on me common stocks. The divi
dend meetia? will be held next week. The Man
caitan directors will a- so meet for the pnrt>ose of
taking action on tee dividend on Toesday. The
improvement in prices in the la;e trading was
eqaa.icigto -_i s . w;th Gererai Kleciric as the
special feature. wi:b s^ies op to 28\«.
In the specialties Lone I- a: J rosr 2 to 70: Cot
ton 0.. preferred, 2 :o 4(« acd Loots S;eel 21% to
i 9 5, speculation c o>- -i. firm wuh the active
stock..- generally V\ tc \x above Fr day's general
figure*. Total salei were 100,141 shares.
Tne bond marine: was stronn. Total sales were
*5-5 0-JO. American <. otton Oil debemure eights
rose -1 to 105; C and O. general fives. 11 8 to
lOi 1^; Kansas and Pacific consolidated sixes cer
tificates. 2 to 6*; -Maanattan Kail way consolidated
fours, 2A.ito9"Ji,%: Northwest conso:tda:ed sevens,
'2 to 135; P.ea4:ns firs: preferred, third assess
ment paid. 1-; 10 s3 : i: do second preferred. 2 to
15: Manitoba extension foure, v" 4 to 90'- 2 : Union
Pacific sin Sin? tand eights. 2 to To.
la Government boatls $5000 coupon fours of
1923 sold &i llo^j.
Orailn.
FI.-fit"R— Firm: wlnler wheat, low grades.
tl 703<2 r SO: ao fair 10 fancy, f 2 40@3 40; £0
patent, S3 4553 £5: Minnesota clt»r. «2 30-^
2 70: do sir.. 11 SSS3 -^0: do oatents. *3 15**
*4 05: low extras. 91 7iK3.2 50: city mills. $3 90";
co patents, S4^4 25; mixtures, «2 -lO^tJ 90; sn
rernce, «1 598S 10; fine. $ 1 40*1 85.
KYE FLOCK— Steady a: *2 2^@2 75.
CORSiiEAL-Qaiet, i>rllßiH;nn
TiYE— S.eadv: Western .Na L, -tOVic, { o. b.
BARLEY— Quiet; 4S pounds .-Sl^c :. n. b.
barley MALT— Quiet. Western. 4&&53 c
WHEAT — Spot marke: quiet, steady, J-^c lower
with options :. o. b. «?6»sC; a irgraded re.'., 06£57 c;
No. 1 Xonhern, osx,i
Options dull asd closed weak at 1 i§.^i~ de
cline, following the West and on local realizing
with lie trading entirely local. December most
act;verMay. 6!i*«c; September, 6^" 8 c; October,
63Vgc: December. 65i^c
CUES- Spot duU, rasier; Ka 2, 25% c eleva
tor. 25% c afioat.
Optious were ml and c:oi"d weak i: l^t 4C
decline on lower West and easier cables: Decem
ber most active; B-pte=ab*r. 251-jc; October,
ird^Bc: Decemter, 27*»c: 21a-. 29s»ic.
OaT —^pot market more active, lower.
Options quiet, easier: September, 19c; October,
19 Vic; December. 201*=.
fpot prices: No 2. i9i-i;; '. > 2 white, 25c:
No. 2 ChJcago, 2014 c; So. 3, 17Xi@lSc; No. 3
white, t:Oc: mixea Western. 19©-Il^ic: white
Bum and Western, Is ©27 y t c
I roTisiont.
LAKD— Quiet: Western icwun, «3 62%:
c'.'r. $3 30^3 S»: September. 93 57; refined, dnn;
c:- ::; :.t- »4 04: txiaui American. (4 80: corn
pOOEO. K"j,©iX.%C
POP.K-s*eaay; n«w mess. t7 50©8 25.
BCTTEK— Qaset; fancy steady: esiern dairy.
S@l2c: docrwimery.livi©l6i^c: do factory,7Vi©
1114 c: EJgl&s, 16V:; imitauoa creamery, lu.-g
CHEESK- Quiet, firm: State, large. s^gßifcc; I
dosmaU, e^si^c: part skims t. > '&sc.
*MGS— Firm; Western, lrcvn. 14'A'fe"- !
Co incase, fl 5U&3 50. i
lAJLLOW— Q 3 ie:, held firm; city, 3H©3iAc: I
cocmrv. 3»,4§3*ac-
COTTOSsKEbOLL^-Qalet, steady; crude, 19©
20c: yeUow Drtme. 23c
RICE— tlrm. unchanged.
MuLASai- ilrin, fair demand; New Orleans.
27&37 c ' j
COFFEE— Barely steady, 10 to 20 points down-
Ser»tember, $4 '^5^9 45: October. tH 8003 05:
December, $5 70@575; March. *&70£8 75: May,'
•■* 7b&6 fcO. b^vt P.lO, quieT, s^rsdy; So. 7.
10% c
S-IGAB— P.aw qalet, steady: fair refining.
2 11-18 C: centrifngnls. 96 te^t. 314 c -<ed; refined '■
quiet, unchanged: OS A, 3 7-16@4\*,c; moid A. i
be; standard A. 4^c: cosfecticners' a. 4&« c: cut
loaf. s*-gc: crushed. s*«c; powdered, granu
lated, -i^c ; ca^es, 5c
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, B§9c
PBACHKS— OId. peeked, 12@14c; oapeeted, 6
feSc
PRUNES— Four sizes, 4*4 esc.
KAIELNs*— Two-crowr, inose Muscatels. S^i@
4c: do three-crown. 5 j'.'.jr; do tour-crowu.
5V»c: do London layers, 10; do clusters, 91 25
61 40.
HOPS— Quiet. Pacific Const. .xjei^c.
WOOL,— Moderate demand, Dome'sUc fleece, 16
(£.23 c; pu-.ea. l&taSlc; lexas, iO©:.'c
Mercbandiss.
Tir. IFON— Quiet: >m!ih »10 2£@)o 50.
fOPPEF-Dnll: lake. *10 50§!0 75.
• lEAl>— Steady: eomestic. *•_' Ti>c,'j 75.
-Steady; strsUts. *13 Jb^ii 35; plates
<JUlrt- ' : * 4 *
tl-ELTEE-Ea*y: dcrnWle. «3 50§3 61
IBICAUU MA£gKKrJ.
CHICAGO. 111. Sept. s.— Strength, based on
heavy exports from both coasts for tbe week—
369,000 bushels— and en cold and rainy weather
in the Northwest, marked the opeuing of the
wheat market this morning. The appreciation
was not sustained for any length of time, however,
there being quite a large quastity of wheat for
sale acd no confid Dee »mo;.^ buyers. After
prices had receded to about tbe position occupied
at the dose yesterday business became dull and
Interest soon dwindled away. Receipts at Chi
cago were 263 em and 161,145 bushels were
withdrawn from store. ,
The Northwest received 767 csr«, against 607
last Saturday and 1169 for the corresponding day
a y-ar ago. i iverpool cables were xteaay to 1,4 a
higher. Closing Continental cabies were all lower.
>.xpor. clearances at Atlantic ports for 24 hours
were 401.66-' busneis. Ix, tbe lest half hour the
weakness became very pronounced, holders ex
hibiting a disinclination to carry wheat over .Son
ca,- &tid the nciiday (Monday;,. Prices declined ,
about a quarter of a cent iorther and closed weak.
December wheat opened at 5~ Ysc, declined to «nd '
cosed a: 57" 8 a f >Sc, »'sC under yesterday. Esti
mated receipts zor Monday 325 cars.
CORN— No trading of auy consequence and no
FIKAJtCIAJL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
- AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHhELOCK & CO.,
«i Leldegdorff St., TeL Main 1054.
BBASCH O7flCI
123 Market St., Palaoa Hctei. TeL Main 5828
J. S. I'L'KDV, Manager.
Orders 'instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. R*fareaoe Ist National Bank, b. F.
CHICAGO. eaiYAXii Wltt& JiSw YQ&Jfc
feature wh * t « T »r attended the session in com.
j»o«ve was obtained from wheat, hence a steady
«£* £? * succeeding easier tone. Receipts
«re 622 tears, 83 le*s than estimated. Witb
f™!^* ora store were quite liberal at 424.880
bns.e.g. Liverpool eab.es were parJ. flower.
k,?? 0 ? clearances were very fceavy at 728.375
o^^ 4> : Ma cora opened a: 24Va@2-tV&c, de-
S"i? cd r lo ,* 00 * 2 c* 0 ** 5 at JU^c, V*c ulfder yester
n'.Tc IS." receipt, ;or boo<Uv. 900 cars.
in « , The Purpose of the majority of trading
•J,?<fJ2* was * lUIITII; ' to competing transactions
en.ered into earlier in the wee*. Some covering
»,. 1 * * nd *" me seUins: by lonts with a few
miscellaneous orders, constitute the -dealings in
*«?*£*■ fcympathy with the other grains
defined the tone. Receipts were 41" cars. There
were no withdrawals from store. Kxpo-ts were !
"significant, amounting to bo: SB6 bush*:*. May
oats c o»rd a 8 c ander yesterday. Estimated
.receipts lor Monday 400 cars. - .
. AX Was * a * - CjLSO - 64V»e bid. 64*ic
** kfU ; September sol a: 64^ and was afterward
iH^.* 1 that. December 67. Receipts IS6 cars,
.i, * ISIONS— Occasional very moderate ac
tivity was noted In provisions, bat the inactive p*- ■
I ™«« were largely the nil . A stead v feeling was
r *san5 an " ed at the s:art, but owiae to the absence
i s st.re. t . ren * in the surroun ing markets prices later
■ yielded to moderate offerings. January pert
Closed 10c lower, Jannarv larJ 5c lower and Janu
ary nbs-Ji^c lower. . - . - -
• iJLrTER— .he bntter market was eesy to-day,
offerings liberal and demand slow. Price* ac
chan«x:. -
Creameries-Extras. 16c: firsts. 14%©15J^c:
secoaUs, ll<Sl3c : imitation*, lancy, 1-«®..->c
- -Extras, He: firsts, llsil'JC: seconds. 10c
Ladles— Extras. 9w^loc: firsts, B#SJ^c; Packing
*tock. 7e7i*c: grVaie.4&sc. °*"' a "'
stock, ll%©i I .'=f'aoLenT
EGGS— tiuod demand; unchanged.
AIUNE^ — Was firm at 6«~X on call and ~% On
I time loans. -n«. - lan ticutu:< »oIJ ai *1 25 dis
i count.
Closing Price*.
£5%e; December. 57%©
i 58c: May, 62SgC.
« ok.\- September. 1934, c: December, 21©
21XgC: May,2i%c.
o^.is— September. l^fec; May. lS^c.
t-OKK- Secembez. tb 65: January, »6 55.
LAHu— September. «3 20; January, S3 57^%.
iii-ft— IM| tSlb; Jaauar/. S3 30L
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 11i... Bag*. 5.-The
receipts of cat tie to-day were li hi. The market
was nominal and Qaotably easier in prices. The
supply of bogs was fair. The market was steady
except for i»ney light, which were 5c higher.
Steep and '.anils were qni^t and steady.
la- IX* — Keceio:*. 400. F ancy beeves. »5
(3,5 3(0: choice .0 crime. 1300 to 1700 B> steers.
Sirsi4&i: good to choice steers. 1400 10 1600 &>
M Ml 60: medium steers. 1000 to 1300 *>. Si
19.4 »: lair beef steers. 950 to IjOO ti,
50 70 6 3 95: batcher steers. S3 CO &.< 65;
choice stocktri. and feeders. 900 to 125U 2>. «3 40
&3sO: fair. 500 to 878 2>. 93 40*»3 30; balls.
I choice to extra. ?-• 8U5.3 25; balls, poor to cnoice,
S.-'a- 74: cows ana n^ifera. choice to extra. S3 50
: i«3 *5: cows, fair to choice, %2 2£@3 40: tows.
; common to faircanners, 91 254"J 10: calves, irocvi
: to choice. S5 -.*s'ds 65: calves, common to eood.
IS 2535 00: Texas grass steers. sj 50&3~ la.
; Texas cows and balls, $1 75@2 50; »\»s;e:i» can
j mag steers, $2 65@4; Western range cows ana hni
. ers. $2 15^.3 50: milkers and springers. ¥ head,
*SO&40: Western range »teers, *-' 83@4 lv.
i iiiHts — Ktec-:p:«L 14.00 a Heavy pack'.nc asa
) »Bippin« lot.*. 32 7U.53 -5: common to choice
mixed, f 2 &5-&3 30: choice assonel, £0 30$
3 40: i:sht. as 15&3 42V»: pigs. 25^3 35.
fcHiiti-— Kec«ij>ta. luuu. intense to choice,
' 1 2 £3 40. lambs, a260»4 40.
CALHOKMA FKCIT SALES.
KKW YOEK.S. V., Sept. 5.-Porter Bros. Com
; pans- sold California fruit to-day as follows:
: Grapes— Tokays, ? I 70©2 20 f» half crate; Moa
; cats. 95c©fl 20: Rose de Peru. 9Oc. Pears—Bart
letts, $1 25-51 bO > box and bs@9sc f> half box.
; Prunes— Silver, $1 SO ?i half crate. Peaches—
5-always. «1 15#1 80 box.
BOSTOX, Mass., Sept. s.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California troll to-day as follows:
Peaches— Salway. *1 15(£1 45; strawberry. $ 1 15
, to. :<U : George's 1-a.e. SI 10@l SO; Picqaeta l^.e.
51 2£©l 35: Orange Cllnr. ( 1 1061 SO: £osoue
' oanm. $1 35; Mcu'evitt. Stic.-c.»l 40: White tree,
; 7ic^,sl 30. Grapes— Tokar. e*c©|l *a Peaxi
; - all Letts. ripe, 65c.-d*i 4a
>i.\* lvi.lv sl'UlK>,
Bonds. Exchange, Money «ad Railroad
Share*.
Money on call is nominally 4%. Prime mercant! c
paper. 9%. Ear stiver, e6Vi- Mexican 4 ;ars, tl%|
©53140: Sterling Kxcnattge was steady, with
' kctnal baslness is bankers' bills a; 24 t-2i«i#4 82^
for s x:v days, and *4 E4g4 -ii 1 * for <lejnano.
Pos.ed "rates. £4 BS4&* 65, Ccn.mercial bills.
! S4hl^^4S2^4- Government bonds firm. State
i bonds 'dull. Kaiiroad bonas strong. Saver at the
j board was neglected.
ciwisb <rorr«.
<Am Tet* Cable-.. 78 ! Norfolk 4 'Westnj. B>£
Atcblson- — 12 ' Preferred. IS**
Preferred. 18 < Northern Pacifls... 11'^
Adams Express 140 Preferred. 19*4
Alton. Terre Haute 55 western 9 qi
American ExpresslO7 i Preferred. 143
American Tobacco. 6;*** X. Y. Central »Z%
rwferred. ' 93 . |X.Y.,Chic«o<fc--5.t. " 101.
EayStateGas.:....- i."> -{- Ist^jreierred. 6» "
Baltimore* Ohlft.. 12% id preferred 27
Brunswick Lanoj.. &»> N. Y.& N. H. 167
; kufl»-a Koch &P. 13 \. Y. A New Eng. SO
. Canada Pacific... 8M N. V., Busq & W... S- 4
Canada Southera.. iSVii Preferred. 2.>« i
Canton Land....... £0 joctarlo... . . ... I'JVi
Central Pacinc 14 Ontario 4 Westers i-
Ches. 4 Ohio *3 •VOrecon Improvmai %
I Cticazo Alton. 152 j Preferred
J PreJerred. 170 .Oregon Navigation lii
Chicago. B. 4 Q.... 66 iOrecon Short Una. 12J£
■ Cctcaso <t E. 1U 37 *» I : ac:fie iia!l.. . 18&s
Preferred. W) Peoria, D. 4 Evans l%i
CblcagoGaa 59*» PltUSur? * %V. p« 15'
C!eve4 Pltubnrg..lss iPnliman Palace....
< Consolidation Coal. 31 'Quicksilver. IVi
CocsoUdated Uas..l4s^i Preferred. . 10
- CC.C. 4St Loals 25 IF.eadinK . li*«
Preferred. 76 {BioGrande&Weata la
Colo. Fuel 4 iron. . 10 1 Preferred. 40
Preferred. 90 Koci Island. . 69*4
Cotton OH Cert B«4'KomeWat<tOEaea.lo7Vi
Commercial Can!o. 125 St. L. 4S. W 3V»
DeL Hciinoa. 121 j Preferred. B^%
' Dei.Laci:4VVe»irn. 150 Ist. Paul «9s^
Denver 6B.G 10*4] Preferrea. 12S
Preferred. 42*«iEt.'Paal 4 DalatH. IS
Distillers : Preferred. 75
General Electric... 27^ St. Paul & Omaha. 37*1
Erie. 12»4 Preferred. 115
Preferrea. SO (St. P. M. & M 103
Ten Wayne. 145 |- > 'Uver Certificates. 66»s
Great Northern pfdll2 Soothern Padnc... lt»i-*
Green Bay ViSoutoern K. X..... 7^
Harlem. 300 Preferred. 21
Hocking Coat ISofar Kennery .... 114%
Hocklns Valley.... 14^! Preferred. lOOVs
Homestake. S4 - jTenn. Coal 4 Iron. ■ 21
H. 4 Texas Cent... I Preferred... .._^ 80
Illinois Central..... Texas Pacific 614
Central 7 'ToLA.A-4 N.Mich.
Preferreo. -SV» Toi. 4 Ohio Cent... 20
Kansas 4 Texas... 10 J Preferred. . . 50
Preferred.. -'214 Tol.SuLoms4 K.C. »
1 Kincsion& Pern... 3 J /referred. 6
L*Ke Erie <£ We»:a 16 t'eion Padnc 53£
Preferred. 66 ;C.; C. P. Dcd 4 US.I lt^
Lake Shore I*4 i L". S. Coraas* 8-^
National Lead 4 5 ,» Preferred. 7Vs
Preferred. hO Guaranteed :s^i
1 Long Island 65 C. S. Express o5
, Locisvilie 4 Naaa. 40UU.s>. Leather 7»i
■ Loßisville Nadtca 2 | Preferred. .„ 50J^
Preferrfid. 6 jC Si. Robber 17V«
i Manhattan Coo sot. 82*4' Preferrea. 70
3Jempbis<£Cnari*, 15 IVtica4 B. Rtv»r..lso
Mexican Central... >>Va '<* ab. &. L. 4 Pac. s*,
; Mlchiga- Central.. 87 "I Preferred. 14
Minn 4S. L. „-— Wei!s-Far?o. • 65
Preierred — Western Union 79Vi§
; M lnn 4 Si. I. com. ] S V» Wisconsin Central. is s
Ist preferred-.... •67 I Wheeling 4 *- 6%
2dpreferred SSI4! Preferred. 23Vb
JJJssoari Pacific.... 1.-i 4 ab Cotton OU pfd. 47
Mobile 4 Ohio 17 W. C. Bee* - 6%
£ash Till» 4 Chats. t7V~ Acn Ar&or 7
Rational Unseed.. 15 1 Preferred. IS
£>.. J. Umtral 101 Brooklyn TracUoa. VI
Konit American... ii/o'tne Si i>a 17
O/»1.M) bovm.
AlaClaaACs 100 Scrthern Pac lsts.ll4
ixiCiass 84, 55.. 100 ' Do2ds 105
, Alabama, c*a« U. 90 Doßds.. 65%
Atcnison 4s 75 Doconsol&s 45
Do2ds A 34 Olmorovement Ist 75
Canada Son :h2ds.. 99 Do 5s 10
Ceo Paclsuof '9s.loo OKA.V lsta, 106
Cherokee 4* 1898.100 ■ to aonsol be M
5° I|»7 10j Or Short Line ..107
\* }*%* 10J Docons&s 5*
Do 1699 100 iraefic -is of -97....
r^v*^?' 0 °»- - 104 rhia4 t .eading4s. 74» 8
I ??r*£*^? TrEcus » 40 Do Ist Incam. 33^%
! DCB-6&S 109 Vii P. Grande West Ist* 691,4
IJeii 4 i-. Glst 112 !«L*lronMtOeasi 69
1-2 o**0 **- «- 84 .-: X. 4S F Gen 103
j £fJf.f < rr 1 ---Ar 591- m Consols. .. l'-'^Vi
; *t\»&l>enCity2s:s 61^ fc» P C 4 Pa lsu.-.11l
U . H *BA«« 101 so Carolina •*%•,. . 85
Do2d7s. 98 southern KHJI.. B<Vi
Gen JJecDebis... 85 Do Pae Cal 15«..107
HA Tex Cent As-. 102 Term new 78
' T .r° 9009 00 *",-- 102 Texas Pacific lsi*. tOh*
. lowa Central 91 Texas Pacific ads.. 17
Kacsas Pa Consols 60 Union Pac lsts 94 °»
! sfi^n^J *•■ ■ 90 Do 4s, coupon.... 11 51.4
mT^L aaU *-"7Z C 4.. r^c of 1907.106
r^l^ s"—5 "— •■— 5«V4 Do coupon.... 107
Do 4s .... M) I to it 92
Mobile 4 Ohio 41.. 53 j Do 5s ; 1101 A
ajDinal Cnloa 6....107 io.«.eoiipon:::'.lloV*
v v^J 11 **— "SVilVafunCln^deat... s*^
N V '^-t Lonis 4s 100 , Do registered. i
Vert tie n 6s. i 1 5 Lo Ceferredfls' 6
&%?** coai >-, ?» LL 1 * tra « rep"ii: 4
.- Do *« 110 jWabasai»tss 103
So^rss" 00101 '!^ W «« *»«"«*•-•»«*%
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN" I.rVEBr^)OI
LIVERPOOL, Ess., Sept. s— The spot market
jis steady. 010 10 ** d ° U at 27S li^d, seUers, Prompt
1 anlpmenu * - -
TCTCMS.
I Tbe Prodcce Exchance cable gives the foilowinx
I Liverpool qco'.ations for No 2 Ked Winter- set>
! tembtrr. t>s 2d: October. 5s 2d :- November 5s
; 2%d; December. ssi'»id; Jaaaary. 6s 3d.
BECCKITIBB.
LONDON, Eye., Sept. s.—Consols.. —Consols. 11255, - *>!.*
ver, 204 8 d: French Kentes. 103f a2^c.
EXCHAKGK AM) BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days... — C 4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 ga
Steriins Cables — 4 89*z
i New York Exchange, sichi — . nominal
New York Exchange, telegraphic — nominal
Floe silver, %> ounce — 6*:
llexlcan i*cUar» — &li, |
THE S.\X FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1596.
PEODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT ANl> OTHER GRAIN'S.
wHE AT— Tc«fßritish*shlp Cedar Branch takes
for Hull 27,115 cUs, valued at £ Co, 5 00.
The market Is dull and . quotations continue
easy. No. 1, 95*^96'- *c 3) ctl: choice, 97 Vie;
lower erades. fc7i-&9-V2C; extra choice for mill
ing, 101 02>« p c.L
CAll BOABD SALES.
I.vfobxal Session— o'clock— No sales. .
>ecosd session— December— 4ooo ctls, 99 -.c.
May-200t>. SI Od^.
Bercue Morning Session — December —
12.000 cUs. 99?»c
BAKLEY— present of 42,076 ctls Brewing. '
i valued at $33,700. to Hull. •-
We quo:e Feed. 6tg,63»4cti ctl: choice hricht,
65&66Uc: Brewing, r^i-^sifc ? ctl; Chevalier,
j W>.g#lforNa 1.
CALL BOAXD SALES-
Infobmai. Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales. .
Second session — No sales.
Begclak Mosntno ::.essiox— December— 6000 i
ctls, 67c: -..00 o.' e.i^c.
OATS-Not zancn demand at the moment. New i
! Feed, quotable at 7»&»5c it rtl; old milling, 87J£
• g92i*c: fancy feed. 92i^@95e: good to choice, •
bs@92i^c: common 10 fair, 75<*80c; Gray. 85 I
! gg"7i4c; Surprise. 95c&$l 02V4-
COKN— Weak and dull it the decline. Larse
Yellow, fc7is^9oc: Small Koniid do, B7V^&oc V*
CU: White, T^c.
£-70.3,72 ii CU for old and 62%#65c
I for new. - . ■
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI at Ss@9sc 9 eU.
FLOCK AM) MILLSTUFFS.
I LOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras. *3 60@3 TO? r.bi ; Bakers' extras, S3 40
(a.3 £0; superfine $.' 7593.
COKN MEAL. KT(..-Feed Com. fl9 50&20:
Cracted 1 on. *.O 50g-.il ■ ton.
MIL:>TLFF — Prices in sacks are as follows.
osuai dUcoont to the trade: Graham Flour, S2 10;
Bye Flour, *2 50: Rice rlour, $5 75; Coromoal,
$2 10: extra creaiu do, f 3 75: < atmeal, ? 2 90; Oat j
«-roais 50: Hominy, $3 10@3 SO Burkwteat |
Flour. S3 10&3 30: Cracked Wheat. (2 75: Fa
riEa, (3 £0; Whole Wheat Flour. $2 SO; Ho! led f
Oats. S3 50: Pearl Barley, (6 50; t#Ul Peas, (3 23;
Green do, S4 10 p 100 lbs.
HAT AXD FtEDSTCFFS.
BP.AN-(13@13 50 for the best and 5125:2 50
9 ion for outside brands.
MIDDLING.^— $15316 » ton for lower grades,
and Sl7£lß '? ton for the best.
Fi.Kl.Mrn r s-RoUed Barley, «14 50: Oilcake
Meal at the mill. £21 1) ton: jobbing, $22; clipped
Oats. 97J*r&31 05 "r ctl.
HAY— Dealers still report the old prices. Wheat
is quota;.] e at *7£10; Wheat and Cat. $6@9:
; < a;. #5©7 50: Barley. (6@7: f.iver Barley. *4 sO©
5: Alfaifa. »6 60&6 50 tor second and *4 50&5 for
first cui'.inc: compressed 50©9; Met, «i&5;
Cover. 6@7 50.
; feTKAA\ — 30@3Sc bale-
EEANS AND SEED .
BEANS— It is the «ame old story- Bay 03, 513
1 15 t ctl; BaiaU Whites. »sc»Sl 10: Pea, «5c
; (SB. 15 r ctl: Large Whites, Ss@96c ft ctl: Pink,
75@r5c r c.l Beds. «iai 50 *»«!{ Blackeve. !
$1 25@1 £0: Bed :•- >1«1 10: Limas, $1 80 !
j i&2 05: Butters, nominal.
SEED*— Flaxseed weak acd declining. Brawn
: Musiard. ft 5502 65: Yellow Mustard, $125 !
; &160: Flax. «1 SC@l 35: Canary, 2Vi@2*4c f! '
' &>: Alfalfa, nominal; Knpe, 2^--; Hemp, S^c
DKIi.D PKA!'— »l 10@l 40 ? cU tor NUts and
! $1 25@1 50 tor Green.
i POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
[ POTATOES— Demand and supply about balance
: at the low prices. Sweet Potatoes. 75c;i51 : Garnet
Chiles, 60&65 Cfi cU: Early Rose. 2£@3sc: Bur- j
bank Seedlings, 25(535c lor Rivers and 60«90c for
Salinas,
ONIONS— 2S@3sc ?* ctl;- Pickles, sjc sack.
VEGETABLtb- All kinds are in i arge assort
ment and weak. Marrowfat Squash is quot- <
able at fo@7 ft ton; Green Corn, v5«c.75c j
?* sack: Aiameda Corn, 75c@*l 9 crate: B-r^o- ;
ley Corn, 25@500 \> box: Summer Squai^t
25c I box for Bay: Eg? Plant, 25^40c V box: •
j Tomatoes. 10^25c ? box for Kivers and 15@ '
I SOc ,» box for Bay: Aiameda Cucumbers, IS&.bc;
, Pickes, 50@65c %• box for No 1 and 25&M>c r ell
for Na 2; i.retn Peppers, 25@35c t> large box (or I
vhlle and 26<a35c for bell: Urern Peas, 5U^,75c
I ¥ sack fur common and 2v%2Vz c > &• for Garden;
■ MriLe Beans, 50csT5c V «ack for common aao 2^ ;
2Vjc r % tor garden: Limas, 6Uc@£l 25 r sacs.
Green Okra, 25«40c r box: Cabbage. 40c * cU;
Carrots, 25@30c ~n sack: Garlic, l#l%e ft Ok.
POILTKY AND GAME,
POULTRY— A car of Eastern arrived and sales
1 were made of Hens at £650 50.
Local stock was steady and some fin; Hens sold ;
i- qnoiatioiu. Live Turkeys. 145.15 c 9 &> for
<>obbleri. - --lie f &> tor ness; young Turkeys,
14516 c; Ge^fe«>.?> pair, 3 ©1 25: Gosling*. $1 254^ '
2; xiucks. f.l£,.< 50 V doctor old and S3 bQ£i bo 1
for your.:; Htcs, S4#s SU: Roosters. Toon:. $3 50
top dozen ; do. old. C4^4&o: Fryers. S3#3 25:
iJro:!«rs. $2 6CJ.3 tor large and ?l! 25^'i 50 for ;
1 email; Pigeons, si 50»l 75 r dozen for >oong and '
j £1 H#l 50 for old.
1 OAiit.- NominaL
BUTTER, CHEESE A>"D EGGS.
I BTJTTEB— The close of the week was marked by
I another sharp advance, with slender stocks and a ,
I good demand.
I Creamery— Fancy. 26@26V?c "ft Zt, with sales
higher: seconds. 23©24 c.
L>AiKT-Fancy. 21©'.'2V3C "$ a; good to choice.
l&g2Oc: lower sradrs. l2Vl@l"^c
Picklxd— 15A!7C ft Ib.
FIBKI3C— I4&ISC p 2>-
CHttSE — Cboics mild new is quotable at ■
j 9c ? a>: common 10 good o'd, 6"'-2«* l ie V S>: !
' Cream Cheddar. 10@llc: Y'ounir America, 9&10 c: ,
Western. 10@llc: Eastern, > I^l3c ft &>.
' EGGif— Easiern are quo firmer, but California
j are dulL Oregon >re quotable at 12U>tsl4c ~ - T
dozen; Eastern. 14H^16c: store Eggs. :-"Sl4c for
l ordinary and 15^,171 jc lor good: ranch £533, 19 j
' g.23c, wiih some sales even h!eber: cold-storage ■
I ranch, 17@18c; Duck t.gss, 16@17 9 doz. '
I DECIDUOUS AXD CITRUS FRUITS.
I ORCHARD FBCITS—
Peaches are weaker and tbe season Is drawing to
j a close. i Otherwise there is nothing new.
Quinces, 35 - &0e 9 bcx.
Peaches, 25460 c p box. Coc3o<- »i basket. *15
tii P ton for ..ones and *25530 '?. ton icr
clings.
Plums. So@6tc « box.
Pomegranates, Sled.?* j> box.
Appes, 75c@fl "r box for choice and 40@60c
1 for common.
Pears, 25@40e * box; Banletts, 4C@6sc f) box.
Figs, 25^50c V- box for white and 25©7 5 c for !
j black. . •
BEBBlKS— steady, with moderate receipts,
strawberries, &4^6 V chest tor Longwortus and :
I SI 50&3 50 fur larse berries.
P. asiTberr.es, t»@i ? cbeiu
Black be «2#3 6O fi chest.
Huckleberries, he ft St.
1 GRAPES— Not m uch chance. Seedless quotable
at 40@50c ri oox: Isabellas, ftOo6Oc V basket: To- ,
; kays, 40@65c fl box: Black Grapes. 40%60c9 bx:
I Muscats. 3O@UOc V box: waters and Fon- ;
j uioebleaux, •_-i!S4Uo > box; Grapes In crates bring '
. -.more than in boxes.
Zinfaadel Wine Grapes came in leaking ani ■
prices were nominal.
liFKiTTi w»termelons are weak and plentiful
at $2©6 r 100: Canlaluupes, sUc@|l « crate;
, Nmm'-isS, lWi3sc f» box.
I CITRIS FltUlT!*— Oranges are nominal at $2 '
I &3? 1 . box for Va'enrias and »1 50@2 p box tor ■
i Mediterranean fcweets: Lemons, (1 50»2 V box
■ lor common and t'J 50^3 for pood to choice: Mcx- :
: ican Limes, ttS 10 V box: Calhoruia Limes. 60 \
I ©75c: Bananas, «lfe2 ft bunch; Pineapples, $2
. (£3 50 r- £oz.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISLXS, >'UT3, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
The market is quiet, bat the feeling seems to be
getting steadier all around. Prunes are the dullest
trait 03 the list. Apricots get firmer day by day.
Quotations on th« Fruit Exchange are as fol
low,:
Carload Lot*— New Apricot.*, 6©Sc ?» a for
Royals and 9(0, 10c for choice to fancy Moorparks:
new Prunes. 3c: new Peaches, 3#4c for prime to
choice, 6f,«c for fancy and 6@loc for peeled in
boxes; Apples, 5c for evaporated and 2&2V%c for
sun-drted; Pears, 3J,i&ic for prime to choice. 5c
for quarters arid 6c lor halves; Plums, <c tor pit
ted and 1%32c for unpiued: Nectarines. &&4c
for choice and 5c for fancy; white Figs. v*c- black
Flcs, ZW^tUfC.
j Jobbing Pbicxs— New Peaches. 4 V*©s^c ?>.
, »>: fancy. 7c B>; new Apricots, e&.c » ti:
fancy, »c: MoorparKs. lOfcllc: new evaporated
Apples.be: sun-dried. 3c; i runes. Sc for tbe tour
; s»»s: new Figs, black, zy^c for unpessed and
I 3#3^j for pressed: white Its, 4c: Plums, 5c for
j pitted and l%c for unpttted: new Nectarines, 4
■ 05c ? 8) for pr me to fancy: Pears, SiASiMrC for
! wi-.ole, 5c for quarters and 6z for halves.
Ba:SINS
i carl iad Psica, r. o. ■• Fbesno— Four-crown
! loo^e. 4c; 3-crown. 3«,ic; 2-crown, 2»,1c; seedless
: Saltanai, 4c; Seedless Muscatels. 24c- 3-crowa
, London layers, »1 10: clusters, (1 85: Dehesa
I clusters, *1 75; Imperial Gusters, %i 50; dried
i Grares. 2^ic \>. 3>.
1 Jobbing Pki<->»— Fonr-crown, loose, 4^c: 3
; crown, 3*ic^ ft,: ■.'-crown, 8c 9 tb: seedless Sul
i tanas, bc'ft ft,; seedless Muscatels, 3i£c; 3-crcwn
I London ia>ers. 81; ciusten, 91 60: Dehesa cla*
ter*. (2 50: Imperial duster*, . 2 £0.
NUTS — Quo.ations are as follows: Walnuts,
I nominal: new Almonds, 7c ■? 1 tor Languedoc,
j V a for hardshell and NMOc & a for paper
shell, jobbing; Peanuts. 4#Sc % * for Eastern and
! for California: Hickory Nuts,- 6M6c » l>;
j pecaas, Tyt&y. Filberts, 7J^BBc; Brazfl Ku-^,
7Vs^«»c t* lb; Cocoanots, *4©5 V 100.
hoXEV- Comb, lU@l2^e lor bright and s@9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, SgsUc;
light amber extracted, **A&Z*lei darK amber, i'<s
4Vic;oarK.2@3c V Sb. ■
UEEsWAX---'s@27c fi IS>.
PI.OVISIOXS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon is quotable at 61£ c for
heavy. 7V*c TS fit for H?hs roedlnm. o^9 V4o ft Sb
for light. ic@llc for extra Uzbt and 12c forsugar
enred: Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12«12L*c
California Hams. lu@llc 9 8.; Mejs Beef, i~.&
6: extra mess do, iS: tomll.- do. $10- extra
prime Pork. $&a<j 60: extra dear, «13 ? bbl:
mess. (II ftOial'^ p bol: -n;o<ed Beef, 10c it »>.
lABD- Eastern tierces Is quoted at 4Vic 'd fe>
for com poo no and s^4c lor pure; palls. Be ft ft;
California tierces, 4 V*<- for coir pound and s^c tor
pure: ha.f-bbis, 5%4c; 10- & tins, . t>W: do 5-S>,
6y~c 9 ft- r»i <MBin»>in«iiiii«iiiM»HS|i 'X 1 mm.
COTTOLENE— BVs&6M:CIa balf-bbls and 631©
7V 8 * »> in 10-Jb UnX
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL HOPS.
.'— ' ■ ■
SIDES AND SKIN* - Heavy - salted eteerj
are quoted at 6c ' f! ft: roils aad • brands.
£&5%c »• ft: medium, tc 11 1; cn!:s and
brantis, 4'24'^c r* 8>: light, 4c: calls and
brasas. 3©3Vjc: co-wjid-s. 4@4%c: culls and
braa3s, . "s»ite.i Kip, 4c: salted Calf. 6c"r 2>:
salted* Veal, sc; dry Hides. 9§9%c: coils and
braaoa. 7c: dry Kip and Veal.7»Bc: cuils, 6e;
dry Calf. 12@14c: culls, *«0.9 : Goatskins. 900
Sftc each: K:ds, sc: Deerskins, • good summer,
25fe27W,c: medium. 1&§-2%C: winter. 7©loc;
bheepaKins. «bearinca. :orlsc each: short wool,
20@35ceacn; medium, 40#«Oc each -. long wools..
50#60 each. CulL-> of all kinds about %c less.
lAi.lhW-So. 1. rendered, •.•%«3c: No. 2,
2Vic: refined. 4a4<55c: urr*s«»,rc > tb.
WOOL— Hum Lo.d! aad :-!»r.Jocino, 10«§llc; Val- j
ley Oregon. lO^llc ?» a: do Sower (trades. b£lOc: |
Nevada, 6£&-^C: San Joaqutn and southern '
Cons:, six months. 4faj6^: ban Joaquln. foothill. I
good to choice. 6%@7%c: san JoaquHi, years !
fleece. 4@3v*c; ner.uem tree, 7©Be; do defective, i
&»t>i %i tt>T '•
HOPS— Nom^jal at 2©3 eft for 1895.
GENERAL MEKCHAXDISK.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, weak at
$4 12%@4 20: San Quentiu, $4 20: Wool Bags.
24iA@26V«c-
COAL— Wellington, »8 ton; New Wellington,
*U fi ton: Sontbfield Wellington. $7 50 "9 ton;
j-ea;-je, tb&i 50: Bryan^Ss: Coos Bar, $4 SU; |
Wallsend. *7: Scotch, $7 50: Brymbo, (7 50; 1
Cumberland, fl3 60 r ton ln bulk and 915 ln sks-.
Pennsylvania Anthracite F.e*. *U ton: Welsh
anthracite, *9: Canned »7 50: . oek Springs.
<asUe Gate and Pleasant Valley. «7 bO; Cose,
*1 1@12 in bulk and $13 "3 ten in ska.
CANNED SALMON -The Alaska Packers' As-
ocintion quotes Bed >ainoi as foilows: In lots of
25.000 cas-s. 95c %• dor.'n: 50.000 cases, 92*4 c '7,
dozen: 75,000 casts. 9 us » dozen, net casn to. b.
ex-ship, i
SCOAB— The Western Sugar P.efln'ng Comnsny
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed. 5) 8 c;
Powdered, 5» 8 c: Fine Crumbed. 5"% c; Dry Gran
lated. 4 4c; confectioner*" a. 4»4c: Vacnoita A,
41»c: ExtraC,4V4c: GoidenC, 4^-B'': half barrels,
i^c more than barrels, and boxes J>*c more.
SAN" FBAXCISCO MiiAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 4%@5c; second do. *©
4Vic: IBM do. 31-."- "p In-
YE . I— Large, 4i£sc; small. sg6c f» &
MUTTON— Wetaers, 4Vx£sc; Ewea. 4@4iic
? It.
LAMB— 6@6cf» fi».
POBK— Live «ozs. 2»ic ft) for large and 3c
for small and medium : dressed do, 4 Vrsse > St.
KECEirTS OP FBOOUCE.
TO» 24 ROUBS.
Flour, or sks.... 14 044 Hides.no 312
wheat, ctis fcs.4s4JPe!ta. bdls.. «}
Barley, cUs 43,335 ; Wine, gals 41 ; Sco
Beans, eks 700 i Wool, bn 62
Potatoes, sks 3.7 i'l Sugar, bbls 2 570
Onions. sis 720 Lumber, M feec <0
Bran, nits 3,455 Chlcorv. bbls.... 10
Middlings, ski.. 80a Powder, cases.. 28;
Hay, tons 529 Q'j:cks'.!ver.fiscs 169 1
Butter, ctis 147:Flaxsce«l 1 sks... 715
Cheese, c:ls. 34 ii ops, hi 5....... SO
Eggs- doz .... 6,600;
» »—•» — •
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were somewhat lower yesterday
a: d closed weak. Tradi^ir was light.
1 he Sierra Nevada assessment falls delinquent
In board, and the Alpha Con assessment in office
to-morrow.
Mining assessments falling delinquent in Sep
tember amount to «134,988. of which Nevada
mines want $118,958, and California mines
fi6,oca
The second free pubi!c lecture on Gold Mining In I
California will be given by the Gold alining Ex
change on Friday evening, September 11, at the
Academy of Sciences
Augustus J. Bowie, M.E. win deliver a lecture
general In character, aad Alfred Ropp, superin
tendent of the Selbr Smelting Works, will briefly
give his views on modern processes of reducing
ores relative to cheapening the cost of mining.
1 he weekly report from it* Con. Cai. & Va. is as
fol ows:
100.* level — West crosscut 2. started at
point In north drift 550 feet Dorth from Con.
Vlrrini* shaft station, or 85 feet south from north
boundary line of mine, has been extended 23 feet,
pavsin? through porphyry and day, with a slight
seepage of water: total length, 640 sect.
lt>sO lev-l— On ninth floor, first floor above sill
floor, east cros-cu. started from this soa.h dr<fi. at
a point 500 li-: In from its mouth, or about >0 feet I
north from oar south boundary line, was advanced 1
j 3 feet, passing tsroueh porphyry, snowing cla.- 1
separations and fine lines of quarts; total length. |
44 feet.
1750 level — From thirteenth, fourteenth, fif- j
teenth, sixteenth, twen.y-first and tweDty-tocrth '
floors, above oil floor of t nit level, at north end of I
s;o;> ■ in o!d ground of termer woritinss. have ex
tract*! during the week 165 tons of ore. average
assay vce of which per samples taken irom cars
in mine was (46 &8 per ton.
From sixteenth floor ftom upraise, which con- j
nects with 'twenty-fourth floor from end of ea*t !
drift (advanced las: weeK 37 feet), are working
south 1-1 old s to; « ground, and have extracted
therefrom a few tons of ore assaying 9,20 per ion.
Total extractions <>• ore fjr amounted to 165
ions, avenge a.»ay value of wb.ch, per samples
taken from cars when raised to surface, was 45 11
per ton.- . . . - ■ .-
Have shipped to Morgan mill 143 iocs ore assay
ing, per railroad-car samples, $60 80 per ton.
The Morgan ml:i. in closing the run, worked 535
tons ore .Average assay value, per battery sam
p.es. was * 48 23 per too.
r.r.i'ic;: nor on hand in our a««ay office. *42.- j
885 93, be: 1 the total bullion product for Angus:. !
The »:ock boaids will not ooen on Wednesday— |
Admission day
A io:al of tb7.lS3 6S was disbursed by mining
and otner corporations on and around the com
stock for labor during th» month of August. The j
leading dtrbarsenients were as follows: Hale & i
Norcruvt, (2873; Andes (estimated) #1200: Con- 1
soitdati lallfcrnK and Virginia, •11076 50:1
Mexican. flB-. v 7: upair, $1931; Best A Be Cher, I
Sf-'OHJO: Mould it Curry. 91793 50: Alia,
(1633: Utah. $431: Occidental (estimated)
•38O0: Brunswick Exploration Point, *2022 66:
Yellow J*cket, €1413: Confidence, »415; cha>
lentre. 2i3: Belcher. «2553; segregated Belcher,
«119S: Imperial. (341: Bullion, 91141: Chollar.
(4015: Potosl. -- . TS: Union Shaft, (2 IS: sl-rr^
Nevada. *7i>6t Alpha and Exchequer, 4859. Toe
August payrolls are nearly $SOOU larger than
those of July.
rolloTring Are tbe Highest Prices Daring
the Pan' Week. r^T'; *
Stock. Sioa. |TueajWe<i.iThrs. in. •• Sat.
Alpha 7. Oft Of OS 20 201 19
Alia " .*."..— . H 13} l-< 13 13 11
Andes" 31 34 31' 82 R»! 33
Belcher 2* 31 3* »1 3* Ss
Best ßelcher. Llo LU 1.10 1.10 Lls 1.15 I
Bodie „.. ■ ci 70J 751 76 71 70
8u11i0n.... <■& <■•» t»8 10 09! 09
Bulwer 40 4lj 45: 46. 49) 49
Caledonia . 1- 16J *i 4 13, lot 11
CbaUenga- 6 - ™ 70 63 t>4 CO
Cbollar .. 2.2U| 2-30 2-4'» 2.25 2.25 2-iO
ton.Cai*Va' L»0 LW -hi 1.90 l.i»s] 1.90
Confidence _ ... 1.45 LBui l-"5! 1.65 L7ot 1.63
Crown Point.... 31 34! Sh 3J« '31 3 <
('OnlJ A Curry. 5* 65 M M M 67
Kale A Norcrosi 1-45 1-5: l..M> I.W 1.&0 i.5«
Jdexican 56 37 57 " 6- 6 ti*
Mono. 19 20 23 .5 25 25 •
Ophlr... „ 1.00 »& 1.00 1.05. 1.10 1.05 i
Overman 17 IS 19 IV lbj 20
Occidental 624 S5 57 62 64 60
P0t05i.. ...... 1.00 96 97 9«> 98 99
Ravage 60 SO 61 69 62 61
Beg. Belcher.... If 13 IS It? 14 13
Sierra Nevada.. 47 47 47 62 67 64
Uni0n...... 87 37 40 43 I- 4o
Utah............. OS 08 09, 07 ■10 09
VwiO* Jacket.. 40] 4-.' 42 ?8 40 39
BOAKI) SALES.
Following were the sales la the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
KteriAß KOE.VIXO session, COMMENCING 9:3 a
200 Aloha IS 300 Bulwer — 4SIOJ Mxcn.....62
60 17100 ....' 49;1000pb1r...1.05
100 B«tch*r...s7 200 Cbailnc.s9 Ovrmn.. 80
100 B A 8..1.10 100 Eureka.. .3o(loo Seg 8.....13
50 1.15 :lOU: IOU Justice... O7|3OO » 5t .53
60U Bullion~~09h:00 Kentck — Union ...45
Following were toe sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
SEerui sessiox— lo:3a
Bon Alpha 1 50 Conn ~ ..ls»«JOJ ODhlr .1.05
200 lfcllOO ..-l.tiu.3uu 1.02JA
200 Alta ID 500 Con Y_.oi'iOl) Ovrmn. _l 3
VOO IS *. Point. 1800 18
Ancle* 341 60 G * C... 66:600 Poutii 97
4O«J Beicner... 58;2U0 _98
700 B A 8..1H AX) 57,5U0 "Say 61
-.'OO todie 7i.i-iOJ H<KN...1.50i3U0 Scoroion_oß
6UO 8u;.:0...... lOf-'Oi) Julia 08-100 58AAC...12
100 Bulwer. -.4* 300 Ju5tice. ...07,690 » St 53
SOU Caleda. ..14 tOO Eentuck-t BUCOO » Hill . 02
500 Cnalng....sf 300 L Wa5h.. .0341X1 L'moa C.46
30j Ch0ir.. .2.25 400 Mxcn 622 0 45
253 CCV 17 8 100 Mono Jt3OJ Ctan 09
SOO .... 1.9.(200 Occd 6J4OJ t J«C»»t»S9
1000 C 1mp...03 ! 700 _tiO2UO m
CLOSING QCOTATIOXS.
SATCBOAY. Sept. 5-12 m.
j;«t.Atlrd.i Bid. AtttA.
Alpha Con. ... 18 2t, Jackson 25 _
Alt*. 11 lfJo!!a - 10
Andes. 32 34-Jostlce. 07 CM
8e1cher........ -57 ' oS.Kentuck. US 16
Best A Belcher 1-05 L 10; Lady Wash.... — 14
Beaton Con... — Mexican 61 63
Bodi* .......... 69 70 .Mono -.-5 _
Bullion ~ IS* 10 Nevada 03 — ;
Bolwer. 45 — (Occidental. ... 69 61
Caledonia. 11 ISopbir 1.05 1.10
Cboiiar ...3.20 2. '2f> Overman...... 18 20
Con.Cal*Va...Lßs 1.90 Potosi. 98 99
Challenao Coa. 53 69.Savage. 61 «*
Con. Imperial, ot 03 Scorpio a _ 10 _
Confidence.... L 6O I.6sjse«. Belcher... 12 13
Con Net* York — 05r»rndicate ..... — o*
Crown Point... 33 3* silver HOL... _ 03
E&sUflerraNer — l< >lerra Nevaii. 52 53
Eureka Con ... 25 —'Union Coa 43 44
kxcheooer .... 04 05'Utan os lo
Goula & c-urry. 56 67jx'«dloir jack*. 54 30
ii».K*Norcr».l 45 1.511
GOLD Ml>L\g;-KXCHAXB3.
Champion ...«. lAafced Princess . 70
Bid; WOO] . Providence
Asked .....25 OOJAsked. ........75 00
Edna........... " I. ~ tiavasnab . ;
Asked ...- SsAiked.... «g
100 Grant™ 251100 Sebasiopol 31
Keystone........ I Thorp*
Bid .65 0OB:d „ 60
- Kennedy....;.. " Asked _ «i
Bid 6 00 100 Best & Belcher 1 10
Asked 00. SO Choliar a "0
200 Lock wood Con. ■ 281 50 Con Virginia... 185
100 ...^.... i.7 100 Savag*......-... gi
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Sept. 4-10:30 a, X.
tXIIED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Atkta.- BUS. AtJUd.
4«eonp..iOSi^ _ !c 84* reg... - 107*4
Do new iasue!ls — ;
V , >«I*CKI.t-»NBOT7« WtTil
Cal-ntCWeSs.- - 111 . r»cßo:i -. _
Ca! dec L 81 117 — Do 2d ts . — —
CntraCWs» — P4 P*OKy6l. — 115
Drat-stex-co to 871^ P<tCh Ry 6*. — 107%
Edan L*P6sll7^& - P»l-st REBv — —
F&CHKR6S, — 103 Reno.Wi.dtL - 105
tieary-stßsi. — 107 sacto PA L. — 1021^ i
LosAngL**. — 100 SKiSFRJj. 85 98V4
Dotiateed6* — 95 SPRRAriids — 69
Mkt-stCbleSs — 120 t-PRP.«:ai<>i. — 110%
DoßyCoaSs. 101^103 fcPRF.Ca; ss. — - -..
NatVlnSslst 93 — tPBrRCaJii — 99V*
NevCN"sß7s. 85 — SVWawrtfs.. 1155. 116
IN P C BBSs. 100 — £VWater4s.. 97 —
N RyCal6s. — JUO btktnG<&ESs — lUO I4
By Cal ss. — 100 SunsiTifcTdi. - - -
Oak Gas .10.' — Sutter-sttt&k 107 10914
lx>2d is is . . 10211105 VisaliaWCM — — '
Oiuaictu oa. 117 ' _ I
Vatkb STOCKY
Contra Costa 34 40 iSanJose... — —
Marie C 0.... 50 53 |Sprnz VaJsr .if 98
rA«eTOCKS-
Capital. 171, 30 . Pacific Hint — <»14
CentraL. 91 — SanFrancsco 9*iSfc 91»i
OiiGLiu Sis* 52%'^t0cxt0u..... - ao
PacUaslmp. pl-% 821,4 1
IXJIBISCE "TTOCKI.
Fireman's Fd 155 — |Son 25 SO
COMMERCIAL BANK st-> si
imwBATC — — LondonP<tA.l23iA —
Anglo-CaL... — 58 London<fcsl?. — ' 27%
Bank of Cat.. — 234 ilerch Ex... IS —
Lai 8 D*TColo7%ilO Nevada — — >
Nation*. — ibO Sather 800. — —
f*Ti5G« bank «tvkv
PersAl/r0.125rt — sav<£Loaa.. — 100
HnmbSiL.lloo 1450 Security — 275
Mutual. — 40 Lniou irusi 75<J — *•'
tisavCmoa — •jbu , - .
BTBKI--T K*lUO(l«t^^i
California..-. 10454108 Dale SL*Har — 100
Geary-st. — £0 Presidio 0 —
MarKtst-* 42 43 aaiusr-ss — \~}'j
. IDWIiLK stocks.
Atlantic r>... 1$ — Giant Cox... 183.1 —
Eastern D... 70 — Jncson 0..^ — — ...
Ca2'.:ora;a 70 — IVirorU. — v SOc
MIKCSOXAXKnrS *TOC<».
Alaska rkr». 80 — Nat V!n . — _
BlkPCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SHCo — 20
<•©* Mills — — P*caqxKa 1 —
EdiMm L:-a;lli?.i.li7 PacEoraxCO. 98 100
GaaCon Assn. — — Pac Ko.l ilia — —
Ger Lead Co. «0 100 Part PaimCa 6% 7- .
HawCVfcSCo- 13 13% PaeTrjusCo. — 24'
xiutchSPCo 18% 20 PacT*TCO- 70 —
airrExAssa.lUU 110 sunsri litl. 41 —
a: i-.ev Ugh; — 4%'Caiied C Co. — 23
mlk — xut..\..j k«safca*
Poari—
JO Edison LUht * Power Co. 116 00
40 Oakland Gas 52 00
«3JK>O Oakland Gas Bonds, 2d '.Oi 50
40 S r tiaali«ht _ 90 60
- r<-»t —
40 Oakland Gas 52 00
• ■*> m
THE CALL CALENDAR.
September, 1898.
i- M«. Tn. W. Th. Fr. Sa. I Mood's PhuM
Moon's PhiatJ
J'rrl'P "s^l
I
7 8 9 10 11
12 " fin: Qcanes
gept. 13- |;
13 U 15 16
M
— — — P 2 H
20 21 22 23
27 28 29 • 50
24 25 2tJ — —
I?tt1 »w- » i
OCEAN STEAMERS.
at#« of Ueparturr From San FrancUco-
STIAHIS
nanxATins.
■AIXJIi
! Pint.
Pomoua.... Httmboldtßay ?ep; tS. iraiPler*
Wai!»\Vs;!a vie j: l'c: sea Sept a 9am Pier 9
Corona San Die-o. sh-pi 6.1 l*w !Pj#rll
.ARaochard «jr»poo dors.. 9*d: 7. Sp*fpierl,J
Trnct«e....jfoojß«7. >r-;:. 8. Ifm rter«»
Colon j Panama »*pi tt.l2 m P M S
£? rek » Newport Sep; S. V»l* Pier 1 1
WeeoK^... !■>! KiTer Sept 9.12 » Pier IS
■Ara?o. Coos Bar. ~ewlO.lu»* M«ll
Sta:«orCaL PorUand S«pUu.lUA3i ! Pier -"I
Santa Kosa. I *anJl;e*o... . SepLiail4M Pier il
Imattila.. V.c& P;tSnd Semi I. 9ah Pier 9
Coosßay — • ewport i^eptl'i *ah Pier 11
— Y«qu:na B»y. l-*p4ia Sam Pier J
Columbia. .. j Portland Sept 1 6. 10 a i Ph?r-'i
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
-TKAMKR
From
I>;k
North Fok Hamboidt Bar S«t>: 6
<£*-, Newport. **{« 6
Siaßenlto Tacoma sept 6
Trccwee Coos Bar s«ot 6
SiateofCai .... Por:Jand. i*.p t 7
UrnaMUa. Vic:oria * Puget bound ..s*i>t 7
Crescent Cliy... CresceatCUy- c e pj 7
Sania Kasa -an I;:ko _ -sent s
\V«eo» Eel River  Sept «
Araso Coo i Bay Sept 9
Newport Panama:. ..;.... Sept 9
:»e«sboj- T.IIMIDOOk t*Pt 9
Yaquinm Seattle - c eDt 9
i^onioaa Ham bold: Bay Sept 9
Coos Bar Newport ". jsepi 1U
Car of Peking.. China and Japan. SepilO
Mackinaw Taeoma.'..' ..Sept 10
>'aralloa Yaqnina Bar ; ..Sept 11
Corona. »aa Die^a ;>e-H 12
I>el Nort# GrarsHjirbor Sept 12
I .if Paebla.... Victoria A Paget Sound ..Sept 12
f'jtumbia Portland. >*« 1 .
Bnaol Grays Harbor . ?«pi 14
Orizaba Mexico i Seat 14
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U.S. Coast ani> Geodetic Scsvrr TiD»"i
BCX.Z.KTXN ITIIIJHKD BY OFFICIAL ->
ArTHOBITV OF THSSCPSBrXTE>DE\-I. J
Siibiljt. September 0.
Saarlses 5.«5|M00a ri>»s 4.29 am
Sunsets ASljilooa set*. ... '.'.'.
September — 1998.
IPlMlMPlSillifei
- '- «' H \s L W H \\
o *.:«^ — a il.-\J
7 Ml ai 11.47
8 5M 0.5 iiis
HW L W
» 0.30 5.8: 6.36
0 l.«l 5.4 7.12
1 2.55 &.0 7.&1,
2 8-54 4.5 835
6. -4 4.-4U
5.5 5.2«
5.7 &18
H W
1." 12.46
1.6 LH
2. - i 2.01
27 1 2 45
_0.0 *8 6 0
1.5 11.40 ■ 5.8
1.0
I. W
5.7 7.02 0 7
5.8 5* 0.5
M 854 0.3
6.9' 10.01 1 0.2
..^i^ 1 " In the aoov* exposition of the tides th«
•ariy morntn? tid«s are giver, ,n the >v haad
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
orier of occurrence as to time. Th* second time
column lives the second tide of the day. the third
tsntcolnma the third tide, ana the las', or right '
hani oo.urr.n rives -.as last tide of the day. except '
»ccars. The te:srr.ts given ar* additions to tbe '■
soundlnsrs on the United -Slates Coast Survey '■
charts, itS when a m'.BOs sign (— ) precedes the
tfcjght, and then . the number given subtract;
from the depth given by -he chnr;»-
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
BIIKCH HYDBOQBAPinc Orncn U. S. N.. •>
MMCHAXT9' KlCttlN.K V
Sax Fbancxbo", September 5, 1898- )
The time ball on TelegraDh ll ill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— L c.. a; noon otthelvyth
meridian, or exactly at 8 P. x.. Oreeawich time.
A F. Fkhieleb.
Lieutenant U. S. N. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
'■■':'. ■- Arrived.
SATUttDAY, September 5.
Ptmr Pomona, Dorao. 16 hoars from Eureka:
pass and mdne. to Goodail, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Dunham. 4. days from
Portland, via Coos Bay — hours; pass and n>dse,
to North Pacific Steamship Co.
Sun r Geo Loomla. Brtdsrett, 34 boors from Yon- j
tura; 6291 bbls oil, to Union Oil Co. Up river di
rect.
Stmr National City. Andresen, 43 hoars from
Sai lii«>eo: ba las: . to C A Hooper & Co.
Stmr Caspar. Anfindsen. lx boars from Rock- •
port 30t) ■<li baric, to J 6Ki tibaii. - . -
Br ship Drnomene. Hans»n. 7 days from Port
Angeles; bailsst, to Meyer. Wilscn <t Co.
Brsaip Biytbewood. Dixon. .-i aays :rom Vic
toria: ballast, to Meyer, Wilson A Co.
Fr nark Lools Pasteor. Rebel, 84 days from
Newcastle. N.sW: ballast, to £ '.' Kvans.
S.- ,r Francis, McLean, from fiihlng cruise: 20,-
OUOpouads nalibot. to mister. :
Schr Orient, Mitchell. 4 days from Coos
Bay : lumber and piles, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Cleared.
SATURDAY. September 5.
Stmr Walla Walla. Wallace, Victoria and Port
Townseod: GoodaU. Perkins & Co.
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher. Saa Jose de
Guatemala; Pacific Improvement Co.
Dimr Arcata, Cousins. Portland; Oregon Hall
way and Navigation Co.
tstmr Corona. Hall, San Diego: GoolaU. Perkins
A Co.
Br ship Qieen Elizabeta, Fulioa. Qaeenstown;
G \V ilcNear.
Haw ship John Ena, Madsen, Port T.iwnsend ;
J i Moore & Co.
Ship Oriental, Parker. Nanai mo: Geo Fritch.
Sailed.
SATURDAY. September B.
Bunr Columbia. BoQes, Astoria.
Stmr Arcata. Cousins. Portland.
stmr Cedar Branch. Kltson. Hail.
Stmr Rival, Johnson. Cresoent City.
- s-tmr Point Arena. Strand. Point Areas.
Br ship Queen Elizabeth. Fulton. Qaeenstown.
Bars Colorado, t-tbsoa. Cnemainus.
Schr Maid of Orleans. Art.
Schr Christina Steffen.i. Nordlias ,
; Bctr S Dastelsoc, VogeL Csai. ' .
Telegraphic.
-POINT LOBO9. Sept. s—lo p. — Weather
foggy: wind SW; velocity 16 miles.
Charters.
The stmr Navarre loads guano at - CV.pperton
Island for this port: bktn J M. Griffith, lumber on
Sound for Honolulu. ■
- - '' Spoken.
Ada 30— 22 N. loat 21 W. Ger ship C H
W»-j«, from Swansea, for Sao Francisco.
Domestic Ports.' '
MENDOCINO— Balled Sept s— Schr Bobolink,
for >an Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Ssiled Sept 5-Stmr Whites
boro, for San Francisco
SAN PEDKO-SaUed Sept »-Schr Lucy.
KIREKa— Sept s— Star Farallon, hce
.Bailed fept — tar THlamoyk.
ASTTOBIA- Arrived Sept 5-Hr bark Nlthsdale,
from Melbourne.
sailed Sew 5-atmr S. ate of California, for San
Francisco. ; r ■ . ■ .
K)RTTOWNSENU—SanedS«p: 5-Bkta News
boy, lor Fresmantle.
, l^.^^T- l>ts k VerltasVrfom Melbonrne.
IVERSESS -LANDING— Sept 6-scar
Ocean -prar. Ibr »tn Francisco.
ALBION— Sept *uar Scotia, for San
Fran isco. - - ■ . . . .
POINT ARENA-Satled Sept S-S:mr Green
wood. for San r'ranslsco.
GRAYS HARBOR-Sailed Sept 5— Scars Ruby
A Coaslns and Jennie Stella, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived beet s— Bart: Gen Fa rcaild
hence An? d. - ' •
BOWEN3 LANDlNG— Arrived Sept s— Scar
Newark, hence Sept 4.
PORT GAiLßLJi— Arrived Sept 4— «chr John
D Tallant, hence Aug 9: senr Mary £ Russ. from
KahaluL
NEWPORT— Sept s— Scar Azalea, trm
Seattle.
ROCKPOBT— Arrived Sept s— Stmt Scotia, to
Albion.
POINT ARENA— Sept s— Stmr Green
wood, hence Sept 4. .
Foreign Ports. . .
HONGKONG— Arrived Sept 4— Brstmr Gaelic
from Nagasaki. Sept 5— Br stmr Beigic, hence
Aetrg.
AUCKLAND- Sailed Sept s— Stmr Manposa,
for San Francisco.
KOBE— Sept 3— Br stmr Ejremont Castle
for .
Import ions.
EUREKA— Per t>omona-2 hf-bxs fish. 4 ox*
type, *4 bxs 5 »oU 6 ke^ butter, 76 sks pears. 1
cs boots and shoe*, 138 n-ad cattle, 2 bbls mineral
water. 321.750 shinzies. 42.675 ana kes, 50 doors,
6 bxs peaches, 60.££5 ft lumber, 2 sks potatoes, 2
bxs apples 3 bxs fruit. 13 pkgs express. 1 sk coin.
E R aod E X R— lsl bxs bntter. 2 pkgs mdse. 1
pk« hardware. 1 p'ts lamb*-.
PORTLAND-Per Alice B!ancbard— B cs soun,
45 pEgsmdse. 117 cs canned cools. 13 a olive
oil. 33 pepper sauce, &-> ski bones. Id cse^^s,
47 sks leather, 2 pkjs pipe. 8 pcs 34 pkgs machin
ery. 40 cs cheese, iSQ-i ft lumber. 9- Ddls shingles,
71 eds wood.
Astoria— lS pkgs nidse, 2 cj oil, 1547 bdls
shooks.
Coos Bar— l pk? mdse. 9 bdls flannels.
Port Or;ord-3 ke?s 6 bxs butter. 1248 sheep, 18
head cattle, 36 calves
Consignee-*.
Per Alice Blanchard— Lach-naa & Jacob! ; W B
Grace <t Co: Mi*liavacca Wine Co: Ebrman A Co:
Haas Bros: Dod^e. Sweeney A Co: H A D wight;
Gvi Wicasoa Co: Russ, Sanders & Co : Pacific
Boae. Coal aud FenEizinjr Co: < latsop Mill Co- J
L Howard: > N Zelier: S H frank & Co- Geo A
Batcbelder: Cha* Jacobsen & Co: Granucci Bros:
Bandon Woolen-mills: Hlimer, Bredboff & Schn!«:
Gets Bros & Co: L Enjroos; L H Gilbert: George
Lo wen be re * Co.
Per Pomona— American Union Fish Co: Carroll
4 Carroll: Amer Press Assn: Dairymen's Union:
A L Bryan Shoe Co; Brlgham. Hopbe <fc Co • C M
Young; Dodge. Sweeney «t Co; A Crocker & Bros:
Coasumers Ice Co; Dei Monte Milling Co- Good
year Bobber Co: ET. Allen; FBHaighi: Pope
3U?Co: Garcia <ik Maggini ; CE Whitney & Co:
H Moffatt A Co: Humboldt Uineral Water Co:
WASTED— Accounts
FOR COLLECTION.
CITY — COUNTRY FOREIGN
W. S. MORROW,
130 Sansome St. (TeL Red 411
N. B.— charge unless successful. List of S. F.
references, mercantile and professional, gratis and
post free.
OCEAN TRAVEL
PACIFIC COAST STEAISffiP CO2PAJT
QTEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM A&L.
O Broadway wharf, San Francisco, waßtK
to'lows:
For Mary Island, Loring. Wran»:eL Juaeau, Kil-
liscoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. v.. Sept. 11.96.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
■end, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New W; atcom (Beilinsrham Bay, Wash.), 9.1. X.
S»pt. 1, 6, 11. 18, -1, -.'6. and every fifth day there
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
X., atTa-crca with N. P. R. •;.. at Seattle wi:h U.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend wita Ai as steamers.
For l-.ureka. Area a and Fields Lending (Hum.
bcldt Bar) s.r. Pomona 2 p. M.. ><«-pt. M, 6. 10. 14,
18. XI -6. 3 ■>. and every fojr h day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, ilonterey. San Simeon. Cayucoi,
Pert Hariord isan leU Obispo), tiavlota, Sar.ta
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, san Pedro, East San
Pvaro (Los Angeles and Newport, at 9a. x.
B^pu 4. 8. 12. is, M). 24, 28, and extry fonrtn
c:.y the-- 1 :er.
For "an Dieco. s:opp!n? only at Port Hanorl
(San Luis Obispo), ranta Barbara, Fort Los An-
felea, Kedoaco (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m Sept. 2.6, 10. 14, la, 22, 16, 30 and every
fourth day ihrr*a:ter.
For kn&etißda. Saa Joie del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Pas and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer urizaba. 10
A. x. -si.il ci each moatn. . .
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
atreet. KfITU ■- • *■
OOODALL, PERKINS A CO., GenT Agents,
- 10 Market st.. Baa Francisco.
ASTORIA AITPOBTLANII
46 Second Class, 412 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Colombia sails Ang. 18, 26, Sept. 5, 15, 25
bate of California 5ai15. ..„...?...„...„...
Aug. 21. 31. S^ptl id, i>6, 50
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. M.
GOODALL, PEBKINS A CO.. GeaL Saps.
¥. Jr. CONN 08. Gen«ral Agent,
630 Markets :r»»t
OCEANIC S.S. CO. /\ days to
HAWAII. SAMOA, Lav HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, \\ mr
AUSTRALIA, U$S. AUSTRALIA.
>. S. ALAMKO.A sails via HONOLULU aal
A UCKLAX 1> for SYDXET. Thursday, September
17. at '1 p. m.
«. >. A TRALIAfor HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. Sepie rr. ber M a. 10 a.m. bpecial party rates.
Line toCOOLGABDIE. Aust-, and CAPETOWN.
boath Africa.
. J V. SPBECKELS * BROS. CO.. Aceitv
11+ Uooteomery street.
Freight Ogee, 3"27 Market »t.. Saa Fraaclsco.
COSPAGSIE GOERAL TRITSATLASTIQUB
French Uni to "aTT'. -..,,.-
COMPANVspiER (ITBWI.43 WORTH *r*ri
\J I'.iver, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■&t*ot
this line avoid both transit 07 .English railway S3
the discomfort of crossing the channel la a soul
boat. New Yors to Alexandria, Egyp« via ?*tu,
nrtt-ciass #ltSO: aecond-claas, Illti.
LA BOUBGOGNB .....Sep:. 3. 9 a. jc
L.A m -. H « a i' fc. Sept. 12, 5 A. m.
LA TOCRAINE Sept. 19, 7 a. m.
LAGASCCKiNE „ Sept. 6. 3a. it.
LA BBETAGNE Oct. 3,7 a.m.
tOr For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, A gens.
No. 3. Bowl! Green, New York;
J. F. FUOAZI A CO, Agents, 5 .Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
WHITE STAR itIE.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
BETWEEN 1
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
sAILIMj EVKKi I\KKK.
CABIN. $60 A NDTPWARII, ACCORD- j»a
\J Ing to steamer and accommodations mmßSm
selected : second cabin, $. j .'•v and *4 . 0: Maiea^e
an : Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England. Ire-
land, Hcoiiand. Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to baa Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
ta ix dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERT, Pacific Mail Dock, or at lbs
General Odice of the Company, 6 1 3 Market street,
under Grand HoteL G. W. FLETCHER..
General A rent tor Par- ~<- Cnait.
ROYAL MAIL STEAa_PACEET COIPUI.
STF.AMF.RS LEAVE /ISPIXWALL >?-!*.
fonnisrhtly for the West Todies and *mmm
Southampton, calling en route at C?rbourshi
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with th»
Pacific Mall S. 8. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Fraacisco to Plymouth,
Cberbourg, Southampton r';rs: class. $13; thiri
ri«M, SV7 50. For furiber particulars apply to
PABitOTT A CO.. Aeeats.
. ■ ; ■•'- rxi'-^rn-a*^
STOCKTO3 STEAMEES
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington SU
At ii I*. 31. Daily. rreJgiu received dd
to ■: J » i*. M. ••.-. *■
ay Accommodations Reserved by Telepnoaa.
Ibe oniv Uae nuiiiiii ttirough rates on Valley
Boad freijht.
STEAJiEns:
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peter«,
Mary tiarratt. City of Stockton.
leiepaaac Mjuu SOS. Cat. NaT. aad Imo:. Co
D.S. UTMitt, MARE ISLiJD, YALLEJO.
•Beiiria, 'Part C»*!a. 'ir.r».-t as 4 *Va!»Bi.
STIt. CELLO.
Da.ly 10:30 a. m. 4: Jo p. m (Saturdays •*l r >:3J
a. m.), 3:30 F. M- Sundays 8 r. M. onir. (-mces
and .anding, Pier 2, Miasioa st. Telephone B.acs
»•*■ MO HATCU Bi.U-.
• 4 and 8 p. m. trips only.
** Eienrsion trip. Gives 5 hoars at Navy-yard-
FOR SASJO3E, LOS GATOS & SASTA CBIZ
OTEAiJER ALVISO LEAVES PIEK 1 DAILT
KJ a: 10 a. m. (Sundays excepted): Alvtso daily at
7p. M. (S*tnrd*ys ezcepted> Freight and Pas-
•enger. i- are between ban Francisco and Alviso,
|°«J t^San Jose. 75«. Clay st, Pier L MW.
I J RHanlfy: J H Rou*»: J G Al'en: J Radford:
!L G Sresovich A Co: M T Freitas 4 Co: R Kiae*
i ion: Standard Oil Co: Wells. Fareo i Co: S-ott <fc
• Van Arstiaie Co: Bri^ham. Hoppe<£ Go Hftls
Bros: Gelz Bros A Co: Norton. reiler i Co; Witzel
: & Baker; HealdshPrs Brewery. - .
! Tor LateShfppirtO Intelligence See ■■rtte^ith Pun*.
: RAIXHC AD TRAVEL:
SOrTOiKIiX PACIFIC COMPANY.
(pacific SYSTK3I.)
Trnln« leaf c nn<l are tine lo arrive) at
SAN rUAJiI'IStO.
! ueavx — rroai -IiTSKR. 3, 15SS. — arejtj
■ *6:OOa Nilts. Sin Josa sad Way Stations . . . M9j
7:oo.\ 'Atlantic Erprcss, a.'id Last.. &*l3r
7rt»oA.-Bcrilc;i.VacaTl!:e, KuCssy. Sacra-*
mer:to, OrovHie and-n«l(iiris ria
DavU MJp
7r»O A jf aruaez. Sa.l Karaoa', Xapo, Calis-
tcsaacaSaala Eoca •:13r
8:3Oa Zt".':i -. San Jute, htncSitou. lx-i.
-v- , Sacrasatato, ilarysTiUo and Ecu
BhlJ 4!l*p
•8i30.\ Peters an«l Milton *7:15r
9:0oa Lcs .\r.jrlcs Express. Fresno, Santa
liiT.jara and 1-os Anseles 4:43r
9:OOa ?idrti;;c= and Stockton 11:43 a
9KK>AVaUajo «:13p
Nik-s, San Jcse tad Lrrenaore Srt.lA
•I:OOp Sacramento •S:O0f
fl:3Op Port Costa and Way Siations f7:45r
4:OUr Martinez, Saa Uunou. Vallejo,
Kspa, Calisto^. El Verauo and
SautaHcsa »:I3a
*:99r Benicia, VacsvUie, Esrarto, Wood-
land. Knissts Lacili^s Mtiys-
Tillc, r ,tU!o and Saicra.!:iento 10:13 a
4:3orNiics, San Jose. LiTenaore and
Btockton; 7:13r
4:30p Merced, Bereo<la, Bjjmond (for
-^r Yosendtc) and Fresno 11:43 a
oi99t Xe-w Orleans i;irr«a.FreBDO. Bakers*
field. Ba:ita liarlara,l>cs Angeles.
Detains. El Paso. Xew Orleans and
East..." nV7......T. I»sl3a
5:00: Santa Fe Koule. Atiaulic Express
firMojate aaU 1^i5t.. ............ IM»»
Sioop Vtiiijo....:. ...:... i«:«a
6:o«pi:uropcanMaiLosJeiiaßd Last.... 0:43\
6:OOp Hsyirar.ls. Kiicsaml Kan Jose...-...- ; -:t')K
JT:OOp Vallejo t7:43r
7:« Or Orejron iiscrameato. Marys- *
Til;- Holding, Portland, ruget
Sroin.l ai>.l_l^«t 10:43 a
SANTA < itl / IHVINIQ.V <>arrotr Cancel.
J~:43a SL--ta. Cm Excuzsion, Santa Crax
and rriTicrpal Way Stations :»*»»r
til 3a Ji«nrart.Cciiterr»ile,3au Jose.Felton,
Could tr Creek. Santa Cruz and Way
Stations... -Bi*«p
•*:lsr Newark. Centerriae, San Jose, New
AlxiJf n, Feltort. Boulder Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal Way : - ■
Stations *1 1 *
' 4:HIp Kewajk. Han Jews arjd I^os Gatos.... »;30%
C'OANT DIVISION (Third Jb Tonnscnd St*.)
*6:43 a bau .ice and Way Stations {Hew
Alsnaden Wednesdays orjy) 9:47 a
J7:3O A Sunday Excsoion for San Jose.
Bants Cruz, Padflc Grove, and
Principal Way Stations ;S:33r
•:13a Jose. Ties Piuos. Santa Cruz,
Pacific CroTe. Paso Rabies, Sin
Luis obispo, GcaJalupe aud Prin-
cipal Way .Stations 7:«3p
i :9:47a Palo Alto atjd Way Stations H:S«r
■ lO:4va Man Jose and Way EtaUous .->:O«»p
I1:3Oa Palo Alto ami Way Statioa 3:30p
j •2:3« - San Matco. Menlo Park. Han Jose,
* . CBroy. Tres Pinna, banta Cruz,
SsUnaOiontereyaQdPseiscGroTe *10:40 a
■3;30f San Jo3e, Pacific Grors and Way
Stations *l:30r
•4:30p Saa Jose and Way Stations »S:O8a
5:30p Principal Way Stations *8:48 a
6:30p San Joso anil Way Stations 6:33 a
Ml: t3t» San Jose »n<l Wav Stations t?:43r
»AX UAAUHII A>l> HAVV>AKI>> LWIAL.
i*6HM>Ai C 7sl3a,
S:00a j ■; fO:«A
,2.^ *elro«, Sealery Park, \\3&
«|fgg* rit*fcbirs,S«l>Mdro *gg
3:00» . n d 4j43p
g:gg^ Htprard*. •{'gj
7:00? *:43p
oloo? » Bubs throngh to Uiles. i ie:3op
ttll';lsr^ t Froa SQes. I. ♦t!2;OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FrsnSls niiaSCO— foot of Mirktt str«et (Sli? B}—
•7:15 9?:G UiODK.U. {I^3 *2::S t3£3
•i :: .::: •6:03 rji.
.'::- :;::A"-r '- ■•■.■!'- *6:00 B^o
lO^Oaji. tl2is *I^o t233 »3:C3 tl^3
*s:sopj<.
A for Mornins. P for Afternoon.
'■ • Sundays eiceptol. • Saturdays only.
J Soadays only.
ft Monday. Thursday and S.\ntr«taT nights only.
.
SMFRASCISCO & SORTH Pi-
(PIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Kafael.
wx ?£. D . AY& - 7:30 ' 9:00 ' 11:O0 *-*•■• ««».
S:SO, 6:10, 6^o T. M Tb ursdays— Kxtra ma
at 11 :30 p. v. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
' and 11:30 p. x. 11KX) a. it; \i3O. 3:34
6CNDAYt>-7:30. 9:30, 11:00 a. k.; 1:30, 3:3t,
&&0, 6:20 P. it
San Rafael to S«n Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:15. 7:50. 9:10, 11-10 A. ■..
12:45 8 40. 5:10 P. x. eaturdars-JExmHta.
at 1 :55 P. m. and 6:35 p. v. m
"MtVai^K.* 81 * 1 U:l ° *" lt! 1 -*°' 3: **
Batween San Francisco and Scnnetzen Park santa
schedule as above. -
Leave I tt, »*»«**♦ ' Arrive '
■an Francisco. A °^f^* San Francisco.
Wn«j g^'ll^aSlaaj BD?r- i Wag"
Patbl I bays, "ea^natloa^ PATB^ j Day^
7JO am 7:30 ax Novato, 10:40.**; 8:40 AX
S:SO 9:30 am Petaluaia, j 6:05 ry 10:10 IX
6:10 pm 5:00 ra Santa Rom. 7:30 r*\ tlirm
i Fulton, i — — — — —
7 SO am -j Windsor. I 10:10 am
IHealdsbar%i
[Geyserville, !
S:SO -m 7:30 am Cloverdale. I 7:SOm 6:15 m
j Pieta, | j ~~
»:Soam Eqpland 4 10:10 am
*&Qnt 7:30 am ukiah. I 7:30 6:15
7:30 ax j 10:10 a*
7:30 am GuernevtUe. j 7:30 m
3:30 m I j 6:15 rx
am 7:30 am Sonoma |10:40am1 8:40 AX
1 I and j
6:10 n<! 5:00 pm: Glen Ellen. I 6:05 pm 6:15 ru
7:30 am 7:30 am geb**Loaol iIO:4OAM 10 10 AX
»:30 FM 5:00 PM : ScP—topoL I 6:06 FM | 6:15 FX
Stage* connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: a: GeyservUle for Skaggs Springs; a*
; Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
! Springs, KelseyV.lle. Soda Bay and lakeport; at
Bopland for Lakeport and Barrett Springs: at
Ukiah tor Vichy seringa, .Saratoga Springs, Bias
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper La»«, Homo, P«tM*
Valley. Jonn Days. Riverside. Lleriey's, Buck*
Bell's, Sanhedria Heights. HnllviUe, Boor.evOla,
«reeawood, Orr"s Hot Springs. Meudocino City.
j Tort Bra«g, Westport, Usal, Wlllets. Cahto, O»>
Wo. LaytoßTiile. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday roond-trip tickets at redo***
! fates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point* b*>
jroad San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle buHdlaa,
B. C. WHITING. R. X. RY AX,
4en. Manager. Gen. Paaa. Agent.
Trains leave and arri ai jgj&igSigSjj^jegggf
Jiarket-Stxeet Ferry. Wl^Slm
SISTA FtIiXPRESS.
To Chicago via A. & V \S>gSgßklP^
Leaves every day at 5 p. x., carr . r PnLman
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also Jlodern Up.
hoistered Tourist sleeping-cars. wiUi clean linen
anl bedding and in charre of a porter, run daily
! through to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex cars
I for Denver and Si. Louis.
Persona ly conducted Boston Excursions via
I Kansas City, Chicago, Montreal and the While
-tains leave every Wednesday.
The best railway from California to tbe East.
i New rails.-new ties: nodust: interesting scenery:
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
| St., Chronicle I'uilding. Telephone Main
i 1531. Oakland. 1118 Broadway.
50RTH PAORC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sansalito Ferry.,
from San Francisco, . 'onim-ncln^ Jaae 15, 188 i
WEEKDAYS. t
For Mill Valley and San Bafael — 7.-00, «B*Xl
•9:15 10:15, 11:15. a. X.: -1:45, S:.O. 4:l*
5:16 »«5:00. u:Bir. X.
Extra trips ior San Eaf a*l on Mondays, Wsdaeo-
di}* anil buiurAx?* at 1 1 :30 P. M.
, BUS . VS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *8 :00, •O-.-00l
•1O:W. 11-.3J a. M.; ••12-.3J. "I UJO, •SOS, *4:oflt
6:30, 6:*5, 8:30 p. x. | Extra trip to Siusa.;toat
11 :OO a. m.
Trains marked * ran to San Queattn. ••12:33
p. it. does not run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS.
; For Point Reyes ana way stations— 9 a. m.
Sundays..
For Point Reyes, Cazadero and way stations—
8 sOO a. x. Sundays: 1:15 r. x weekdays.
• " . . -
MILL VALLEY ASD HOUST TA3ALPAI3
SGE3IU EAILWAY.
ON AND AFTER THL'KSDAT, AUGUST 27.
train wni connect with North Pacific Coast
Kailroad as follows: Week Days leave San Fran-
cisco 11:45 a. x.; returning arrive in >an Fran-
Cisco 6:33 p.m. Sunday: L--ave San Francisco 9
a. x. and 1 :3'J p. x. : returning; arrive In San Fran-
cisco 3:30 and 6:30 p. x. Tickets can be secured
in advance of
TJ&OS. COOK & SON, 621 Market at.
3132
BEAT THE GAME
OF THE SUNSET
Utah Jobbers Take a Trick
From Huntington's
Men.
LOCAL MERCHANTS OUT.
Will Suffer a Partial Loss of
Trade With the Mormon
State.
STUBBOENLY FOUGHT CONTEST,
Victory Rests First With One Side
and Then With the Other— A
Peculiar Situation.
San .Francisco merchants have again
been practically shut out from suppling
Ogden and the territory in Utah south of
that city with many kinds ot merchandise
that have until very recently been moving
into that section from California under
an arrangement secured from the roads
entering Utah from the East through the
joint efforts of the Southern Pacific Com
pany and the Traffic Association of Cali
fornia.
Ofiden and its tributary nrining courtry
to the south has for a long time past been
a bone of contention between the jobbers
of bait Lake and the roads ent ring Utah
from the East on one side and the mer
chants of San Francisco and the South
ern Pacific Company on the other.
The interests of the Eastern roads lie I
with the Sait Lake people, because with \
Salt Lake as the base of supplies for
■Southern Utah these roads would get the
long haul from New York, Chicago or
Missouri River points into Salt Lake, j
while with San Francisco as the source oi j
supply the Centrai Pacific would not only j
be getting the long haul from San Fran- j
cisco into Ogdden, but t c Sunset route i
would be benefited, as over it would come j
the goods to San Francisco from New 1
York.
Ogden itself was rather favorably in
clined toward the San Francisco people,
as with goods coming from San Francisco, I
Ogden would be the distributing point for '
Southern Utah, and would take away this
advantage from its rival city, Salt Lake.
The finesse, diplomacy, chicanery and '
coercion that have been employed in wag- ■
ing this peculiar warfare between cities
;:iid railroads make a most interesting
chapter in transportation history.
Previous to last May the rates from San j
Francisco to Ogden and common points !
in Utah were, by agreement with t c other
roads interested, fixed at about ßs per cent |
of those charged from the Missouri River I
and Chicago. It was soon found by the j
Southern Pacific people that tnis arrange
ment tended to prevent the movement of '
freight over the Central Pacific Railroad j
to the extent that was considered just
and desirable, and then began a quiet but i
persistent and systematic cutting of rates i
by the Central Pacific into Ogden. First
a special rate was made on one commodity
and then another, until the Ogden jobbers
were in a position to buy at San Francisco
more cheaply than they could in the
East, and Ogden thus became a danger
ous rival to Salt Lake as a distributing
center, and at the same time there was a
falling off in the traffic over the lines en
tering Utah from the East.
Running south from Salt Lake, through
Ogden, and tapping the busy mining dis
trict below Ogden, lies a railroad owned
by Salt Lake capitalists, and in order to
shut out Ogden from the Southern Utah
field the full local freights from Ogden
south were put in force, the better to give
that field to the Salt Lake jobbers, but
without much success, owing to the low
rates prevailing from San Francisco to
O^den.
The strained situation continued for
some time, and finally resulted in a con
ference between ail the parties interested
at Denver. Here it was decided by the
railroads to chan.e the basis of rates'from
San Francisco to Salt Lake and Utah com
mon points to 75 per cent of the rates from
Missouri River common points and Chi
cago. Tuere was a strong effort made by
the Salt Lake jobbers to prevent the adop
tion of this agreement, as they saw a dan
ger remaining to their trade by the con
cession granted to the Central Pacific
Railroad. At the meeting at which tvs
agreement was reached the Southern Pa
cific Company was represented by Traffic
Manager Stnbbs and General Freight
Agent Smurr, and the merchants of San
Francisco by William B. Curtis, then
traffic manager of the Traffic Association
of California.
San Francisco merchants were not long
in feeling the beneficial results or this ar
rangement, and on the other hand the
Salt Lake jobber found corresponding
ground for complaint.
Ever since the ingenuity ot the Salt
Lake jobbers has been at work to devise
some plan to circumvent the San Fran
cisco merchants, the Central Pacific Rail
road and the Southern Pacific Railroad.
This is what has made the merchants of
the Mormons' stronghold unhappy — that
the Ogden jobber should be able to under
sell them on certain goods, which are first
brought 10 San Francisco from New York
via the Morgan line of steamers to New
Orleans and thence by the Southern Pa
cific Railroad, and there sent eastward
again over the Central Pacific line to
Ogden. The Salt Lake ]obber usually
makes his purchases and has his goods
shipped direct from New York, but owing
to the unusually low freight rates prevail
ing between New York and San Fran
cisco, tne freight charges are lower from
New York to Ogden, via New Orleans and
San Francisco, than they are direct from
New York to Salt Lake.
Here is an illustration. The manufac
turers of Clark's cotton have houses estab
lished in many large cities, among them
San Francisco, to which all supplies are
shipped over the Sunset route. If an or
der ia received from Utah it is filled from
San Francisco, no matter to what place the
order may be sent originally.
The roads from Chicago and the Mis
souri River were powerless to help them
selves or the merchants of Salt Lake, for if
tiiey dropped their rates down would
also go those of the Southern Pacific
Company under the 75 percent arrange
ment.
Ihus the matter stx>d for some time,
while the Southern Pacific jobber cut into
the business of the Utah merchant or com
pelled him to buy either from San Fran
cisco or, buying in the East, to shin his
goods across the continent to San Fran
cisco by the Sunset route and back by
the Central Pacific, if he would avail him
self of the lower rate.
Action was finally determined upon by
the Utah Jobbers' Association, and S. H.
Love, secretary ot the association, was
sent East to see what could be done with
the Seaboard-Colorado-Utah associations,
the railroad combination that operated
into Utah from New York. The uitua
tion of affairs was laid before the officers
of the association, and for two weeks Sec
retary Love used his best efforts to induce
the association to come to the rescue of
the Utah people, but his labors proved
vain.
He finally resorted to another expedi
ent, and by dint of energetic work and
*tron« arguments succeeded a lew days
_ -^-^^^^ „„,-,„ • ' NEW TO-DA.T.
Wednesday, 3 'T^ Ik M J • T^*
•■■' iC T he Magnetic Figure
Closed all day. Ij jp^k C 5 .^ * 3
Jyf^§ Second week of the SIXES. A five-day week with prices made sufficiently tempting
y^\ 'f f that we^may crowd a full €3 days' business into five. The VERY SPECIAL selling this
/ £&SES$&^ week will be in
i\ JP||§J . : " Dress Goods, Sheets and Pillow Cases. :
,|P'% ;; '^« A magnificent example of dollars doubling. We'll keep putting in the sweetening
while the SIXES run.
;>PECIAL£»-gl| f£ c -«ISPECIAL
SPECIAL AT 65c YARD— Heavy Black Bro-
caded Gros Grain SilK, in medium and large
designs. 19 inches wide. We guarantee this
to be all pure bilk. '
SPECIAL AT 65c YARD— AII of our plain, change-
able Taffeta Silks, 19 inches wide, 35 color
combinations.
SPECIAL AT 66c YARD— A line of Black Ben-
ealine Silk, a very h^avy quality, full 19
inches wide. A splendid live-day opportunity.
SPECIAL AT 75c YARD— Extra Heavy Black
Satin Stripe Taffeta Silk, full 22 Inch. This
Is a special thing for Ladles' skirts. The regu-
lar price is $1 a yard.
SPECIAL AT 75c YARD— A lot of our $1 and
$1 25 Heavy Black Brocaded Silk, full 22
inch. We guarantee this to be all pure Silk
and the best dye. These specials are good for
five days only.
BAZAAR CHANCES.
Every item must speak for hundreds more. A visit to our Bazaar and
" Dolldom " and " Toyapolis " is a revelation.
FANCY SHELF PAPER, comes in a continuous roll of 10 yards, an embroidery i Dll
edge, assorted colors. Ixm't let the price mislead you. Special iC IlOil.
OAK TOWEL RACKS, the kind with swinging arms-these have three arms-fine IA- V *k
for boarding-house people. Special Wfj JbUCll,
FLUTED CHINA CUPS and SAUCERS, gilt edge, very dainty. Special |« f r l
BISQUE FIGURES, assorted styles. Special price X F 1.
'.'.'."..v.v.'.'.v.'.v.v.v. vt tacii.
We close every evening, Saturday in-
cluded, at 6 o'clock.
i
ago in effecting an agreement whereby
freieht could be shipped from the Atlantic
seaboard to Utah via the Mallory steam
ship line to Galveston, in connection with
the Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe. Colorado
Midland and Rio Grande Western, at the
same rates that apply from Chicago and
the Missouri River to Utah. The new
rates thus secured cover all the articles
and commodities that have been moving
into Utah over the circuitous route via
San Francisco, and the result will be that
the San Francisco merchants will sutler a
loss in Utah trade and the Southern Pa
cific considerable in the traffic revenue.
Learning of the arrangement in which
the Mallory Steamship Company is a
party the Southern Pacific Company,
through its Morgan line of steamers, has
come into the new deal.
Among the articles affected by the new
order of things are books, dry goods, cloth
ing, hosiery, shirts, underwear, cotton
batting and wadding, blankets, comforts,
quilts, cotton piece goods, cotton bindinir,
corsets, shoelaces, spool cotton, tape. urn.
brejlas, parasols, table oilcloth, towels
ladies' skirts, buttons, buckles, neediest
pins, hooks and eyes, window shades,
window holland, macaroni, vermicelli,
hardware, fancy soap, twine, cordage,
vegetables, beans, corn, oysters, peas,
printing paper, rubber boots and shoes,
iron and steel, bar, band, rod and hoop
iron, bolts, nuts, washers, cut and wire
nails and spikes, wronght-iron pipe, horse
shoes, oilcloth, linoleum, barb and plain
wire.
TO CELEBRATE THE NINTH
St. Patrick's Alliance Will Hold
a Special Picnic at
Schuetzen.
Elaborate Preparations Being Made
for a Particulars Enjoyable
Ontine— Committees.
The St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance As
sociation of California will celebrate Ad
mission day by a grand picnic and ex
cursion at California Schuetzen Park on
the 9th inst.
This organization is the pioneer Celtic
association in. the State of California, hav
ing been organized on March 20, 1873. The
objects of the order are the relief of its
members when rendered incapable by
sickness of protecting and providing for
themselves; to encourage a spirit of broth
erly love among Irishmen and their de
scendants of all creeds and classes; to
strengthen, foster and promote fraternal
feelings of friendship and charity among
its members. Its motto is, "Friendship
to all; enmity to none."/.
The picnic committee, of which James
A. l<oley is chairman and John H. Mc-
Qinney secretary, is busy getting up a pro
gramme ior the event that will please
everybody who attends. There will be
dancing all day. There will be prizes for
jig and reel dancing and there will be
athletic sports, such as jumping, running
races and such other matures as will tend
to amuse the patrons and develop the
muscular powers of the participants. The
victors in the games will be awarded
prizes. There will also be * sixty gate
prizes. J 6
This is the twenty-third annual picnic
and they have all been held on weekdays
or holidays. No picnic has been held on
Sunday by this order.
The Hibernia band of sixteen pieces will
furnish the music for the occasion. Tickets
will be 50 cents.
The committee of arrangements will
consist of James A. Foiey. William Brod
enck J. H. ■ McGinney, Thomas Alford,
Patrick » eillv . M. Ki ; day, P. H. Fiynn
William Cronan, John Lislee, M. C Gor
man, C. W. Welch.
New Pictures and Frames for fall trade are
here, flue and cheap. Sanborn. Vail & Co. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1896.
DRESS GOODS.
ALL-WOOL PLAID-A doable crossbar A Q. 50
of bright Silk makes a neai and dressy ur O
plaideflect; 38 inch. Price Suit
FANCY BOTJCLE SUITING— 44 inches
wide. Bla 1 k loops peep out over a <ro C.25
solid-color ground, a handsome «]nt)
dressing. Price Suit
ENGLISH MOHAIR— 4S inches wide,
crossed by heavy lines of raised black (JR rr.oo
threads. A rich combination, bend «r> *
tor samples. Price. suit
A MOHAIR AND WOOL BOTJCLE
Ni'VELTT- 45 Inch. Bright, fancy d>lA-5O
colored Mohair loops are beautifully rinlU
set off by a rich, dark ground. Price Suit
VENETIAN BROCHE-A creation of
the season. Bright silt loops form ©1 1.55
handsome designs over a rich plain dpi I
ground. Very swell just now. Price Suit
NO. 9999 AND ITS
QUEER MEMORIES
An Old Landmark Razed
by the Board of
Health.
HOUSE WITH A HISTORY.
A Lucky Ticket in the Lottery
Brought Barold a
Fortune.
THE HOME OF "BIG" JIM.
Dr. Lovelace and His Band Continue
Tearing Down Condemned Houses
in Chinatown.
Slowly the tilth-reeking hovels of China
town are dropping under the ax.
As they fall, dens of infamy, pestilence
breeding cesspools und shanties with inter
esting history are alike wiped away.
The last of the buildings razed yester
day atternoon by the employes of the Board
of Health, at 743 Pacific street, has been
pointed out for twenty years to visiting
strangers. It bad many points of interest,
and the well-informed guide never failed
to string out his vocabulary to attentive
listeners as they gathered about him in
front of the rickety two-story frame build
ing.
On the facade, above the wooden shed
which reached out over the sidewalg, was
a queer painted legend reading:
HO. 9999.
Below this a few unintelligible hiero
glyphics obliterated by the ravages of time
stretched clear across the building.
This was once the home of a Polish Jew
named Barold. He and tiis family, as far
back as 1860, conducted a second-hand
clothing establishment on the ground
floor and lived upstairs.
Some time in the early part of the 1870
-80 decade Barold was almost crazed with
the good fortune that befell him. On asl
ticket in the Louisiana lottery, which in
those days was conducted honorably, and
which beid what was called "extraordi
nary drawines," he won a tenth part of
the $500,000 orize.
Contrary to the usually keen foresight
of his race, Barold immediately gave up
his clothing business to be conducted by
another, but he still retained his lodgings
over the storp. The ticket which brought
i him $50,000 and subsequent ruin bore the
| number "9999," which he in the first heat
of his joy bad painted in figures a foot and
a bulf huh on his residence.
These were the days when the Comstock
was making men rich or poor in a few
hours. The craze for mining stock specu
lation was over the State as well as the
City, and Barold did not escape it.
At first fortune smiled upon him. He
was making money so tast he did not dare
even to trust it to the banks for safe
keeping. He purchased a steel tank, into
Which he dumped his cold at home, w h«r«
SHEETS AND PILLOW CASES.
This week we are offering the best values in San Francisco In
Hemmed and Hemstitched Pillow Cases and Sheets.
HEMMED SHEETS, for large double beds, 81x90 inches, ready for 0A« V Q *h
use, good grade sheeting. Special Ovv Lot 11.
SHEETS, hemmed and ready for use, good grade, torn by hand, for QSo r., f ,|,
single beds, 54x90 inches. Special. Ovv LdCll<
HEMSTITCHED SHEETS, size 90x90 inches, for large double beds, CX« P«*li
ready for use, torn by hand, extra grade. Special Owu Lull I.
HEMSTITCHED SHEETS, size 81x90 inches, extra grade, all ready to XA A Vni.h
use. Special wvt LitClli
PILLOW CASES, medium size, hemmed and ready for use, torn by 1A n mr na l.
hand, dry ironed, size 45x36. Special IUC LII6II.
PILLOW CASES, for large-sized pillows, a two-inch nem, well finished, 1 0la F«/.li
50x36 inches, extra quality. Special 162" Mvll.
»
PILLOW CASES, for the very largest pillows, 2-inch hem, fine muslin, If;- r OA l.
no dressing. Very special lOC Lilw,
LINENS, COTTONS, BLANKETS, BEDSPREADS.
We are headquarters for Linens. We buy direct for cash.
ALL-LINEN HUCK TOWELS, size 18x36 inches, fringed, as absorbent 1A« V na Y,
as the desert sands, on sale for this week at IVC LilUl.
UNBLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, 56 inches wide, a superior heavy OX* V nw .l
quality, on sale this week at <2i)C IaFU
BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, all pure linen, superior quality, extra
wide. 66- nch 50c Yard.
70-inch : ......75c Yard.
size Napkins to match $2 dozen. '
DUCK SUITINGS, light colors, not value to equal in Frisco, 12Uc a a V nm i
kind. Onsale r. 06 lOTO.
COTTON BLANKETS, white, with colored* border, for single beds, a Xa 4 U<**U
flyer at .'.. OUC taCll.
CHINTZ-COVERED COMFORTERS, filled with the purest and clean-
est of white batting, colored lining, for full-sized beds, the best d»f a* Ita-l,
Comfort value In town. Onsale...; 7% •pl.-'J Lill'll.
BEDSPREADS, things you need are the things we advertise, these
fgr instance— double beds, $1.25 kind, all hemmed and ready Apr. p 1.
to use, Marseilles patterns. A leader at «JO6 JulCll.
WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, one of the big, heavy, fluffy, warm-as-
toast kind, 10-4 size, as pure and as satisfactory as a blanket can <!*•") aa i> •
be. Wonderful value at $0."" lilIF.
■f ? ~ •*• *♦€£!<$
HALE BROS.,
INCORPORATED.
937 to 945 Market St., San Francisco.
he or hia family was continually on guard
night and day.
inflamed with the love of gambling,
Barold lost his head whin tbe panic of
1878 siruck tbe mining market, and, send
ing good money after bad in hying to
save his gold, Barold awakened one tine
morning broken in health and in pocket,
and having to *ely upon the charity of the
man to whom he sold his store.
Subsequently he became a peddler of
lottery tickets on tbe streets of this City
and died a pauper. His family has scat
tered, no one seemingly knowing where.
But the old bouse with the mystic 9999
stood upon the same old spot until yester
day afternoon.
That is not the only feature of interest
attached to the house. It is probable that
no other house in Chinatown or any five
of them, in fact, have turned out as many
Chinese lottery tickets as did this one. It
was the headquarters of "Big Jim," the
king of lottery men. From this place the
drawings made in the upstairs rooms were
made known throughout the City to "Big
Jim's" branch houses.
Of late, Charley Chin, his wife and rive
children, all relatives of Jim's, occupied
the living-rooms,, while Chin Kee & Co,
sold "dry and furnishing goods, soap,
cologne, socks, stockings, cigars and to
bacco" downstairs.
The property belonged to the Larkin es
tate, anM prior to tearing it down, Dr.
Lovelace, who has charge of the ax bri
gade for the Board of Health, caused it to
be photographed.
At the request of Umbsen <fe Co., agents
for F. Hestal. owner of the old Globe
Hotel building, a delay of a few weeks
has been granted before tearing it down.
Mr. Umbsen begged to be allowed to com
Cup Offered by the Mechanics' Institute for the Homing Pigeon
Race to Take Place September 22 From Gilrov.
municate with his principal, who is in
Germany.
The work of destruction began a r , 9
o'clock in the morning at 8 and BJ^ BrooK
lyn place, a cul-de-sac running off Sacra
mento street, between Stockton and Du
pont. Durin-t the afternoon attention was
paid to the Pacific-street frame buildings.
The work will be resumed to-morrow.
One million will read "Mechanics' Fair
Daily. "Advertise now. Mysell Kollins,22 Clay.*
•—• — • — •
Stricken 1 roni the Rolls.
The names of Hans Lorenzen of 1014 Ala
meda street, Thomas Mackin, Humboldt
Honse, and -Alvis Schopf of 434 Fifth street
were stricken from the rolls by the Election
Commissioners yesterday, because of irregular
registration.
HOMING PIGEON RACE.
There Will Be Two Hundred Competi
tors for tbe Mechanics' Insti
tute Cup.
The expectation is that 200 homing
pigeons will fly on September 22 from Gil
roy to San Francisco for the cup offered
by the Mechanics' Institute. The distance
is eighty-five miles. Much interest is
manifested by pigeon fanciers in this
event. The pigeons will be on exhibition
the day before the race and also on the
day after the race, showing the winning
bird. °
The cup is given by the Mechanics' In
stitute to the California Homing Club.
The following committee of the club will
the race in charge: H. E. Curzon
W. P. Archibald Jr., J. M. Welch, W. J
Bryan.
NOTIONS. FURNISHINGS.
xancy wort BO 3 for 50c. The styles men want. 1"
No. 12 8y 3 c a yard On sale at a saving. Price Each
No. 16 10c a yard
No. 22 12c a yard
GENTS' TAN COTTON HALF HOSE— InO
FANCY OPENWORKKD SCRIM— IB lOC Seamless, will wear well. Special sale X\l
inches wide. This is used for fancy i-Jii Pair
work and bureau scarfs. Sale price Yard
MOMIE LINEN TRAY CLOTHS— GENTS' WOOL UNDERWEAR— No bet-
Fringed ends, size 20x30 inch. OXC ter value ever offered, heavy weight, 7CO
■ stamped openworked patterns. Sale Aid me 8 c hair nd , na u «M gray, silk tO
price Each bound, Speclalsale Garment
KIf i T 2I INO ii» SIL m~2 0 ya £, d 8 t0 ? spool ' A C INDIES' BLACK COTTON HOSE— Good ICO
good quality silk, desirable shades. On tt heavy quality, seamless, high-spliced 10
BSUeIM • Spool heel, double sole and toe. Special Pair
SILK BABY RIBBON— Picot edge, 10
yards to a bolt, colors corn, yellow, QC LADIES' BLACK COTTON HOSE— Made
oran c, cardinal, scarlet, old rose, Nile, O of fine maco yarn, high-spliced heels, "1 QC
shrimp, black and white. On sale Bolt ■ double sole and toes, extra elastic tops. XV
Special Pair
FANCY MESH VElLlNG— Chenille dot, Ire
all the new colorings and designs, 14 -LO
inches wide. On sale at 7...... Yard CHILDREN'S BLACK COTTON HOSE— ICO
Narrow ribbed, a fine heavy quality, 10
double heel and toe. Special price Pair
BANDOW PINS— pins In every pack- OIC
age, needle points, good as any pins. On — a •
Bale * t< Paper LADIES' WHITE MERINO UNDER-
WEAR— Vest is jersey ribbed and mo
shaped, H. N. L. S. or H. N. S. S., fancy . O\J
SATEEN PILLOW COVERS— 3O inches Af\C crochet neck and front. Special Garment
square, flowered patterns, very dainty, "iU
value 65c. On sale at Each
LADIES' UNSHRINKABLE WOOL UN-
~~~~~, „«.„«' „ DERWEAR—A heavy quality, in pink
SCHOOL HANDKERCHIEFS— A chance QC or bUck, H. N. L. S., Jersey ribbed and OHO
for a supply, colored borders, hem- O shaped, crochet neck, silk front. O\)
stitched edge. On sale at Each Special .....Garment
MAIL ORDER DEPARTMENT.
J|ggj|§=» The New Fall Catalogue will be ready
fii^®\ for free mailing out by the 15th.
Is your name on our mailing list ?
Better have a copy and see how low good goods
are sold.
HEBREW HIGH FESTIVALS.
Their Celebration Will Begin in
This City To-Morrow
Evening.
The New Year and Day of Atone
ment—Exercises in All the
Syngogues.
To-morrow evening at sunset the He
brews of this City will usher in the new
year. Tuesday is the first day of the
ecclesiastical month Tishri, and it is the
first of the Hebrew high festivals, denom
inated "Days of Awe."
The new year and the day of atone
ment, which follows ten days later, are
universally observed by all sections of the
Jewish community — orthodox, reform,
radical and conservative. It is a fact that
has been often commented upon that these
two days have done much to keep Israel
ites together, scattered through the world
though they be. No matter how lax the
average Hebrew may be in regard to the
observance of the Sabbath and the minor
regulations of his faith, he can be de
pended npon to see to it that Rosh
Hashana and Yom Kippur are set aside
for devotional exercises.
The Day of Atonement is, as its name
implies, a day upon which the devout
Israelite seeks pardon for the iniquities he
may have performed during the previoua
twelve months. It is spent by all good
Hebrews in the synagogue. A blast of
the shofar, or cornet, announces the ter
mination of the day's exercises and of the
fast which has been kept up.
Five days after the Day of Atonement
occurs the Feast of Tabernacles. This is
essentially a harvest festival, and is a sur
vival of the Feast of Ingathering held in
ancient Judea at the time of the harvest
ing ot the corn.
Divine services will be held on Bosh
Hashanab in all the temples and syna
gogues of San Francisco as follows:
Temple Emanu-El. Monday evening, 7:45
o'clock. Tuesday morning, 10 o'clock. Sub
ject of Monday evening's address. "Hail to the
Future." Signors Maurice do Vries and Fer
nando Michelena will slug during the morn
ing services.
Beth Israei, Monday evening, 6 o'clock.
Tuesday and Wednesday at usual Sabbath
hour-. Monday sermon, 10:30; subject, "New
Year's Message." Tuesday's sermon, "The
Retrospect."
Bush-street Temple, Monday evening, 6
o'ciook; Tuesday morning, at 9:30; Tuesday
evening, at 6; Wednesday morning, at 9:30
Subject of lecture, Tuesday morning, "Lights
and Shadows — a Retrospect and Prospect "
Subject for Wednesday morning, in Gorman
"Dcs Menscueu Ursprung." There will be a
special musical service, with augmented choir
both vocal and instrumental. Signors de
Vries and Michelena will render a few vocal
selections.
Shaart Zedecfc, Monday evening. 6 o'clock •
Tuesday and Wednesday mornings, at 6 o'clock
Nevaii Zedeck, Monday evening, 6 o'clock •
Tuesday anil Wednesday mornings, at 6 o'clock'
Beth MeiißChim Streisand, Monday evening*
6 o'c;ock; Tuesday and Wednesday mornings'
at 6 o'clock.
In the Criminal Courts.
Judge Bahrs yesterday fined B. M. Gopchei
vtch $500 for criminal libel in attacking Spiro
Radovlch in the columns of a Servian paper,
of which the prisoner is editor.
The remaining charge of embezzlement
against Leroy G. Harvey was dismissed. The
charge of erand larceny will be set for trial
next baturelay.
Nicho.as Mori, who was tried for manslaugh
ter and in whose Case the jury disagreed, was
dismissed.
Judge Belcher sentenced Alfred Überall to
five years in San Quentin for burglary.
To Renew a Judgment
Ferdinand Reis has sued Watt Hughes for
$45,650 principal and interest due on a judg
™eutobt against the defendant Novem-
OUT 4ri). XQaXa
LDUISZEH,
nil" Rflff^
$%$$ 1^ 111 I tin ILU
ON
DRUGS, PERFUMERY/
mm MEDICINES, RUBBER GOODS,
TOILET ARTICLES,
FOE WINES AND LIQUORS,
HIGH-GRADE CIGARS.
DO YOU SMOKE?
It's Expensive, But Here's a Snap:
Belmonts, 12% c size cut to 100
I^a Bosa, 12%cslze cut to 10c
Sanchez & Uaya. 12V»c size .cut to 100
El Telegrapho, 12y 2 csize cut to 100
General Arthur, iOc straight cut to 3 for 25c
General Buruside, 10c straight cut to 3 for 25c
Figaro. 5c straight cut to 6 for 25c
King B. 5c straight cut to 6 for 250
RETAIL AT WHOLESALE PRICES.
FREE TO jEVEBY MAN.
The Prescription of a Great Remedy
WHICH CURED HIM AFTER EVERY-
THING ELSK FAIL, i. I).
Painful diseases are bad enongb, but when a
man is slowly wasting away with nervous weak-
ness, the me tal forebodings are ten times worse
than tbe most severe pain. There Is no let up to
the mental suffering day or night. Steep is almost
impo-ißlble, and under such a strain men ara
scarcely responsible for what they do. For years
the writer rolled and tossed on the troubled sea of
sexual weakness until It was a question whether
he had not better take a dose of poison aud thus
end all his troub ea. But provisional inspiration
rame to his aid in the shape of a combination of
medicines that not ouly completely restored his
general health, but enlarged is weak, emaciated
parts to natural size and vigor, and he now de-
clares that any man who will tab*- the trouble to
setxl his name and ad-.iivss may have tlie pre-
scription of this wonderful remedy free. Now
when I say free I mean absolutely without cost,
because I want every weakened man to get the
benefit of my experience.
lam not a philanthropist, nor do I pose as aa
enthusiast, Lut there are nousands of men suff r-
ing the mental tortures of weakened manhood who
i would be cured at once could they but uei su h a
rerae yas the one that cured me. 9t-nd me your
i name and ad ress to-day. Do not try t ■ study out
how I can afford to pay the few postage stamps
necessiry to mull tne persenptioa, but send for
the r-medy and learn that there are a few thi"C.i
on cart. . thai altho-igti they cost nothing to get
they are worth a fortune to some men and mean a
lifetime of happi less to most of us. Write to
Thomas slater, box 2288, Kalaiuazoo, Mi-h.. and
the prescription will be malied in a plain sealed
i envelope.
<& JfZ for 4 ROOMS
%|# m %J CONSISTING of
3F"TJ 3Et NITITRE3
PARLOR.BECROOM JIININC-ROOM, KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
. . . . ■
Tapestry Brussels, per yard ...«. .50 Cent*
Oil Cloth, per yard..... •• .......»5 Cents
Matting, per yard -. 1O Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit. 7 pieces 525 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed. with Mirror B£s OU
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
Four-Room Catalogue. Vailed Free.
£/» free S tcUvf ass CeiiTcxy ts:vn tie )«£,