VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 36.
GOLD MEN WILL WITHDRAW,
Their Defeat at Chicago
Means a Split in the
Democracy.
PREPARING TO DESERT
THEIR PARTY.
Will Fight to the Last Ditch
and Then Retire Before the
Conquerors.
WHITE'S NAME MIGHT STILL
THE COMBAT.
California's Senator the One Silverite
en Whom Warrins: Factions
Could Unit.-.
"The Call's" Headqrnrters, i
Great Northern Hotel,
Chicago, 111 , July 5.)
Jupiter, Venus and the gun are in con
junction in ti»e house of the Bland boom
—a ni..-t lavorab.e position of the star*—
l»ut Mercury, Saturn and Mar* are in the
atcendant in the home <>f New York.
!>Piiaior Hill did not have time to attend
church to-day, but remained in his
apartments put hip; up jobs on Bland.
I nited si ate* Senator Stephen M. White
of California is being groomed ;is a dark
horse. He i 8 the only candidate men
tioned thus far who would be acceptable
to both factions of the warring Democ
racy, and in case the friction becomes
too great he will be put forward as the
htnndard-bearer.
It i« row definitely understood that
the gold men will bolt the convention,
but they will fight desperately to the
latt hour and the last moment before
tin y retire from th" field.
The California delegation arrived this
morning in and with good spirits. Con
gressman Maguire tells the readers of
"The Call" in another column what he
thinks of the situation. To-morrow Col
onel .!■ hn P. Irish will be here, and will
take oft' his shirt-collar in th.- cause ot
g< Id. JOHN PAUL COSGBAVE.
WILL DICTATE OR BOLT.
Slnsrl.i Standard Men Will Desert
the Democracy If Beaten at
Chicago.
CHICAGO, 1m... July s.— Senator Hill
did nut po to church this morn
ing. He had too many worldly mat
ters on his mind to think about things
celestial, and he remained in his rooms for
the greater part of the day doing the very
hardest kind of work — talking and being
talked to. He had a conference this fore
noon with several California delegates,
and during the day there was a steady
stream of sound-money people and others
going to and comin_- from his rooms.
Hill is a persevering man. He will not
acknowledge defeat until he lies prone
and helpless on the field, so, with that
pertinacity and indomitable energy which
has ma-ie him a political power in his own
State and one of the foremost Democrats
in the Nation, he is fighting against the
adoption of a straight out silver 16 to 1
', lank. All his energies are bent toward
the accomplishment of this object. He
knows that the platform will be for free
c jinage. but be wants to have that plank
made as mild as possible, and if he can
make a sufficiently strong combination in
the convention he can come pretty near
defeating any one of the candidates now in
the field who may be displeasing to him.
Failing to get the sharp edge of the sil
ver plank tiled down, he will endeavor to
secure the nomination for the Presidency
of some candidate who. although willing
to stand upon a silver plank, will not De a
crank upon that subject. Hili hateg cranks
and 1 a* therefore no love for Altgeid and
his following.
Of all the candidates whose names have
thus far been mentioned, tnere is one who
would be acceptable to both factions of the
Senator Cockrell of Missouri.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
Democracy, and that one is Stephen M
White of California. Senator Hill re
marked last nieht to a friend (not for pub
lication, but. the story leaked out) that if
he had to follow the party upon a silver
platform he would rather have Senator
White carry the banner than anybo ly else
whom knew; not that he had any idea
that the Senator from California was not
perfectly sincere on the free-coinaee ques
tion, but that he knew White to be an
able and safe man. and one to whose hands
the welfare of ti.e Nation might be wisely
intrusted.
There is no boom yet for Senator White,
nor is there likely to be one. It is more
than probable that when the friends of
tbe many candidates eet tired of pulling
and hauling and of bickerings, the Senator
from California will be brought forward at
the opportune time as a dark horse on
which the convention may ride safely over
the rocks of factional discord.
But neither Senator Hill nor any other
prominent member of the gold wing has
yet announced that he would vote at the
polls for a silver nominee on a silver plat
form. On the contrary, men high in the
councils of the party have declared that
they will not vote for the nominee of this
convention if the programme of the West
ern men should be carried out. They will
stay in the battle until the last shot has
been fired, and then, if their colors sink
down into the dust of defeat and humilia
tion, they will accept their fate like brave
soldiers of the old guard, and will die
with the words "No surrender!" on their
lips.
The financial question is to them more
than party. They declare that a free-coin
age platform would be a violation of tbe
tenets of Democracy — such a gross violation
that no Democrat would be bound to fol
low its banner in the coming campaign.
The signs of the times are propitious for
a Democratic Donnybrook, no matter how
affairs may turn out. This much is cer
tain: The sound-nioney Democrats, not
only in the convention but those in the
country at large, will refuse to vote for the
candidate and will cast their votes for
William McKinley rather than see the
business of the country ruined, as they
say it would be under a silver administra
tion.
The California delegation arrived this
morning, travel-stained and tired after its
tedious journey of four days and four
nights in the cars. All of its members are
in good health and spirits, and they
brought good spirits with them in the
shape of 130 cases of California wines of
! the finest brands and vintages that ever
perfumed the lip of an epicure. They
have established their headquarters in
parlor 38 in the Great Northern Hotel, and
to-morrow morning, after having recov
erei from the fatigue of their trip, they
will be prepared to dispense hospitality
rrith that generous hand which every true
Califorman carries with him.
Colonel John P. Irish stopped over in
Nebraska to repair some political fences,
and will be on deck in the morning to do
battle for the cause of sound money. Irish
is a born fighter, a clear and forceful
writer, a logical reasoner and a giaceful
and persuasive speaker. He will make
things lively in the Democratic camp as
soon as be takes off.liis shirt-collar and
begins to lift up his voice. By a humor
ous chance the delegation, which, as every
one knows, is pledged for free coinage,
came from California here in the Pullman
palace-car £1 Oro (the gold). Tbe delega
tion has been quizzed very rauch over the
silver contingent being brought from Cali
fornia in a gold car.
The badges of the delegation are both
rich and beautiful, being of purple and
irold. plush and satin, trimmed with gold
bullion surmounted by a silver bear and
a copy of the Great Seal of California
done in silver. There will be as great a
demand for thoae badges by visitors as
there was for the badges worn by the Cali
fornia delegation to the Republican con
vention at St. Louis. The Republicans
bad a simple strip of white satin ribbon
printed in cold with a golden bear. A St.
Lois newspaper reporter, misled by the
! weight ot the bear, published in his paper
that the bear and crossbar were of solid
gold and co-3t ?20 each, wholesale. This
statement caused a great rush to be made
for the badges. One delegate, overcome
by the muggy heat, fell asleep in front of
his hotel, and when he awoke he found
that his badge had been removed from the
Continued on Second l^ige.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, JULY 6, 1896.
GOVERNOR ALTGELD BEING ESCORTED UPSTAIRS AT THE SHERMAN HOUSE.
SILVER TO
LEAD ALL,
Democratic Leaders Confer
With Respect to the
Platform.
BRIEF PLANK ON THE
TARIFF.
Mild Indorsement of the Wilson
Bill the Extent of Its
Scope.
MAT AGAIN DECLARE FOR AN
INCOME TAX.
Anti-American Policy of the Present
Administration Likely to Be
Rf pudiated.
Headquarters United Press, )
Herald Building, V
Chicago, 111., July 5.)
It is conceded that Senator Harris of
Tennessee will be the permanent chair-
man of the convention, and he has made
his arrangements. He will make but a
very short speech in accepting the posi
tion, leaving it to tbe temporary chair
man to sound the keynote for the conven
tion.
Free silver leaders who have been se
lected by the respective delegations as
members of the committee on resolutions
and others who will undoubtedly form a
part of that important organization have
to-day been conferring together with re
spect to the text of the platform and the
subjects that shall be mentioned therein.
As heretofore stated in these dispatches,
this plank is to dominate the whole plat
form and all other matters are to be sec
ond thereto. The exact text has not been
finally determined, but that is a matter of
detail that can be easily arranged when
the committee gets together. That it will
be a short, clear-cut, concise declaration
for the free and unlimited coinage ol sil
ver at a ratio of 16 to 1 is a foregone con
clusion. Two short sentences are all that
will be necessary to construct this plank.
The indications are tbat those who bave
hoped the platform would ignore other
matters will bt> disappointed. Well-known
men among those in control of convention
matters assert that the tariff question
must not be overlooked. While there is a
diversity of opinion as to the advisability
of comini: out in a fiat-footed indorsement
of the Wilson tariff act, that law, bearing
the ptamp of Democracy, will be inci
dentally indorsed at least. If the United
States Senators are permitted to have
their way the platform will declare that
the present tariff law should remain un
touched until the exigencies of the occa
sion prove that its modification is abso
lutely necessary.
Whether the income tax, which was de
clared to be unconstitutional by the Su
preme Court, shall be referred to is a
question upoi which there is a very great
difference of opinion. The majority of
the leaders, however, appear to be in
favor of recognizing the principle that be
came a part of the Wilson tariff act, and a
determined effort is to be made by dele
eates from some of the Western and
Southern States to secure an expression
on the subject. If they fail it will be be
cause the agitation of the subject is not
deemed to be expedient, and not because
the majority of the party are against it.
The administration will not be men
tioned in the platform. Some of the more
radical of the silver men want an emphatic
condemnation of the financial policy of
President Cleveland and Secretary Carlisle
inserted in tbe platform, but it is believed
that while the administration will escape
censure the convention will likewise refuse
to commend it, and that any substitute
the >;old men may offer will be voted down
by the solid free-silver vote of the conven
tion.
There was a great deal of talk to-day
favorable to a plank that smacks very
largely of what is known as jingoism. In
a conversation this afternoon a delegate
who ha* been selected as a member of the
committee on resolutions, and who will in
all probability be its chairman, said thai
the Democratic party had always been the
American - party, and -ii- wni oi»!y during
the administrations of President Cleveland
that the Americanism of the party had
been cast aside. It was therefore quite
likely that the 'foreign ' policy of the pres
ent administration, by indirection at least,
would be repudiated. ...
If the programme agreed upon by these
gentlemen does not go amiss the sympathy
of the Democratic party will be expressed
for suffering Cuba and a demand made for
the recognition of its independence. It is
not impossible that the desire to "ever
things up" with the administration may
lead to the adoption of a plank on this
subject that will be equally strong as that
adopted at St. Louis.
MODERN SHIPPING LAWS.
Commissioner Chamberlain Sub-
mits a Paragr.-.ph for the Chi
cago Platform.
CHICAGO, 111., July s.— Hon. E. T.
Chamberlain, Commissioner of Naviga
tion, has sent to ex-Congressman Fithian,
an Illinois delegate, the following para
graph to be inserted in the convention
platform:
We demand that henceforth modern and lib
eral policies toward American shipping shall
take the place of our imitations of the restrict
ive statute* of King George 111, long ago aban
doned by every maritime power but the United
States.
To this end we favor the repeal of those ob
jci'iiotiable laws which now, to the Nation's
humiliation, bave driven American capital
and enterprise to the use of alien flags and
alien crews, have made the stars and stripes
an almost unknown emblem in ioreign ports,
and have- virtually extinguished the race of
American seamen.
We oppose the pretense that discriminating
dnticswill promote shipping; that scheme is
an Invitation to commercial warfare upon the
United States, on-American in tne light of our
great commercial treaties, offering no gain
whatever to the American shipping while
greatly increasing ocean freights on our agri
cultural and :&rm products.
WANTS BUT ONE PLANK.
John R. McLean Says " Free Silver
and Less Misery" Should Be
the Party Slogan.
CHICAGO, 111., July s— John R. Mc-
Lean favors eliminating the tariff issue
from the campaign. In an interview
printed in a morning paper here he says:
"If I could write the Democratic plat
form it would be: 'Free silver — get there.
I would make it one bold stroke and quit
right there. What the people want is
more money and less misery. They care
nothing about the tariff question; they
are not worrying much about Cuba; they
do not care a cent about the Nicaragua
Canal. They want action on this money
question and are looking to this conven
tion as a drought-stricken farmer looks for
ram.
"We don't want a platform. All we
need is a plank, and the briefer the plank
th«) better. Declare for free silver at 16 to
1, name the Presidential ticket, go home
and the people will do the rest. The peo
ple care for nothing else. Let us not mis
lead them by adopting a platform with a
lot of rot about Cub a, Armenia, China,
Venezuela, the Monroe doctrine and all
that sort of thing. Free silver, 16 to 1;
more money, less misery, independence of
Wall street and England. That is the
kin<l of an issue the people demand and
this convention is toing to give it to them.
"A free-s Uver ticket will sweep ©hio,"
said Mr. McLean. "Ohio is not a cold
standard State. The Greenbackers have
curried Ohio twice, and every Green
backer in tbe State is for free silver. I
don't believe the Republicans will elect
three Congressmen in Ohio at this elec
tion."
EAGER FOR
THE FRAY.
Rival Factions Hasten the
Clash Between the
Metals.
WILL FIRE THE FIRST
GUN TO-DAY.
Eastern Delegates Determined
to Name the Temporary
Chairman.
SENATOR HILL'S NAME IS TO
BE PRESENTED.
If Recommended by the National Com
mittee the Action Wi!l Be
Voted Down.
Headquarters United Press, 1
Herald Building, >
Chicago, 111., July 5.)
The crisis in National Democratic pros
pects will probably be reached to-morrow.
It may be precipitated by the decision of
the National Committee as to the tem
porary chairman of the convention. There
is a well-grounded belief to-night that the
sound-money men of that committee will
recommend to the convention that Sen
ator David H. Hill of New \ork be the
temporary presiding officer.
The knowledge that this was the inten
tion of the committee is said to furnish
the explanation of Mr. Hill's absence from
the gold men's mass-meeting last night.
He has thus escaped the denunciations
which the silver men at the Sherman
House have lavished with nnsparing
tongues to-day upon ex-Governor Flower,
Senator Gray, Mr. MacVeagh and District
Attorney Fellows for their participation
in that gathering.
There is an openly expressed desire on
the part of the silver men to force tbe
fight in the beginning upon the temporary
chairmanship, and George Fred Williams
of Massachusetts, one of the latest acces
sions to the silver ranks, is spoken of as a
desirable Eastern man to put forward in
antagonism to Senator Hill. The sound
money men are willing, and Senator Hill
is said to be eager to have tbe fighl opened
on this issue. They assert that to antag
onize the recommendation of a National
committee in the matter of temporary or
ganization would be such a breach of
Democratic tradition and usage that no
convention could reasonably be expected
to sanction it by its deliberate vote.
Senator Harris of Tennessee appears to
be penerally accepted as the majority's
choice for permanent chairman. If he
should take the chair it is thought he will
excuse himself from making any set
speech on the plea that recent sickness
has left his physical strength somewhat
impaired.
The leading booms continue in full
view. "Silver Dick" Bland's trumpeters
are making tbe most of the promised ac
cession of Illinois' forty-eight votes to
their standard and claim his nomination
is assured. The Boies men are not here
yet in full force. His boomers are to
arrive in two sections to-morrow, when
they will supply plenty of enthusiasm.
Meantime, the Tellerites profess such
absolute confidence in the nomination and
election of the Colorado Senator (though
his own State delegation stands committed
to Boies) that they are already bar
gaining for a partition of the spoils of
WHITE KILLS HIS OWN BOOM
office between the original Teller men
and their Democratic allies. Mr. McLean
continues to be named very extensively
for either first or second place and has ap
parently gained considerable strength j
during the day.
Considerable opposition is developing to
holding of any caucus to determine in ad
vance of the meeting of the convention
what shall be the course of the silver men. j
Supporters of Senator Blackburn's can- I
didacy took the lead in declaring their in
tention to refuse to enter any such caucus.
They want the convention to settle the
matter and they promise to abide by its
decision.
HILL WILL NOT YIELD.
Determined to Permttthe Presenta- |
tlon of His Name for Tem
porary Chairman.
CHICAGO, 111., July s.— Senator Hill
was waited upon to-day by a number of
prominent silver men, who used all sorts
of arguments to induce the New York Sen
ator to withhold permission for the use of
his name as temporary chairman by the
National Committee. Among the callers
were Senators Vest and Cockrell of Mis
souri, White of California and Walsh of
Georgia and other active silver men. Sen
ator Hill was told xhat it wou:d be unwise
to allow his name to be presented only to
be bowled over by the silver majority,
which is expected ti rule the convention.
Hill listened respectfully to all argu
ments presented, and iras unaffected in i
his position by what was said to him. He i
declined to make any statement for publi- j
cation as to bis attitude, but others close !
to him said that he was not the man to
give up a fight on the eve of battle.
It is believed that Senator Hill is the
only man who can prevent a bolt by the
Bound-money men of the East if a free
silver platform is adopted and a free-silver
man nominated by tbe convention, and
that if the Senator were to bow to the !
wishes of tbe silver leaders and refuse the \
use of his name by the National Committee I
for temporary chairman he would no \
longer be in a position to check a bolt of j
tbe gold delegates. The efforts of the j
silver men may therefore be set down as |
ineffectual.
If tne National Committee at its meeting '\
to-morrow decides to present the name of ;
Mr. Hilllfo? temporary chairman it may!
be authoritatively stated that Senator Hill i
will stand, and that the overthrow of the j
programme mapped out by the National
Committee will bring matters to a head ,
between the gold and silver men at the j
opening of the convention Tuesday.
The gola men know a test vote must be j
met, and many of them believe it best to |
meet it on the selection of a temporary :
chairman, with all the precedents of regu- J
larity on their side, than to have the issue j
presented on more even terms later on. ',
They question the ability of the silver
men to hold their men together on a vote !
to overthrow the decision of the National j
Committee and to turn down a man who
deserves so well of his party as David B.
Hill. Such an irregular beginning to the j
convention, followed by other arbitrary
acts by the majority, the gold men claim, t
would fully justify them in bolting and .
refusing their support to the nominee.
Senator Hill shook bands with hundreds
of nis friends during the day. He had a I
word of cheer and encouragement for all j
who are trying to stay the drift toward i
free silver. He said he believed the unit |
rule on States and the 'two-thirds rule on I
nominations — both the honored customs
of the Democratic party— would stand in
this convention.
He said all talk about there being one
free silver man in the New YorK delega
tion was non?ense; that each and every I
man from the Empire State was for gold, I
and they would all vote for gold, even if
the unit rnle was done away with.
The sound money deleeates from Michi
gan called on Senator Hill at his bead
quarters this evening. The Senator re
ceived the delegation very cordially. El
liott £. Stevenson, on behalf of the dele
gation, told Mr. Hill that the gold men of
Michigan were with him and would fight
for the cause of sound money to the end.
Mr. Hill said he was glad to have such
faithful advocates of the cause and hoped
success would crown the fight.
"We are all working to that end," said
the Senator, "and we will at least put up
a glorious right."
At the conclusion of the interview the
Michigan delegates gave three cheers for
the New York Senator.
T. O. Towles, Secretary of the Bimetallic National Committee.
PRICE IMVE CENTS.
Refuses to Permit His Name
to Be Presented in the
Convention.
MEETING OF CALIFORNIA
DELEGATES.
Dwyer Likely to Be Named as
Their Choice tor National
Committeeman.
JUDGE MAGUIRE SEES TROUBLE
DRAWING NEAR.
Says a Bo t on the Part of the Gold
Delegates Is One of the
Probabilities.
"The Call's" Headquarters, )
Great Northern Hotel, >
Chicago, July 5.)
We arrived in Chicago at 8 o'clock this
morning and plunged immediately into
the fight. Its intensity has not been over
stated. Each side suspects the other and
acts upon the suspicion. A majority of
the National Committeeare gold men, and
they are determined to insist upon nam
ing a gold man for temporary chairman.
Senator Hill of New York was selected for'
the position.
As soon as this became known to the*
silver men they appointed a committee'
consisting of Senator Cockerell of Mis
souri and Senator White of California to*
wait upon Hill and warn him that they
would resist and overturn the appointment
of any gold advocate to that place.
The committee, as diplomatically as
possible, said that in the present temper
of the silver men his selection was out of
the question. Hill thereupon declined tho>
proffered appointment, and the National
Committee tendered the place to Senator
White. This was a great surprise, and
placed White in a very embarrassing posi
tion. To accept it after indxicing Hill tor
decline was out of the question, so he posi
tively declined the honor.
I understand that the temporary chair
man has not yet been selected.
No apparent change has occurred in the
relative strength of the leading candidates)
for President. Bland is still in the lead,
but not far enough to insure his nomiila
tion. The Utah delegation met to-day
and agreed to vote as a unit for Bland.
The California delegation met, but tools
no action on that question. It elected W.
W. Foote chairman and Harry E. Wis»
secretary by acclamation.
I called up the resolution of th»
State convention instructing the delega
tion to present the name of White for
President, if opportunity should offer.
After considerable discussion, most of it
in favor of this action, Senator White took
the lluor and vehemently protested against
the proDOsition to place him in nomina
tion, saying that the circumstances did
not justify it.
"There is no apparent chance of suc
ceeding," said the Senator, "and in my
opinion, viewed from a purely personal
standpoint, it would not add to the creat
honor conferred upon me by the State
convention to have the California delega
tion and a few goldbugs, or even miMiy
geld bugs, vote for me in the National con
vention. In my opinion it would be a dis
aster to have our candidate, whoever he
may be, nominated by the votes of gold
delegates, and it certainly would not bo
much of an honor for an unsuccessful can
didate to be given votes from that source."
The matter was thereupon dropped for
the present by the delegation.
The selection of committeemen, includ
ing a National Comraitteeman, was post
poned until to-morrow afternoon at 2
o'clock. The fight for National Commit
teeman has narrowed down to Tarpey and
Dwyer, with the chances very stronsily in
favor ot the latter. Joe has become very
popular with the young men of the dele
gation and they are in control.
Before adjourning the delegation lis2
tened to a vtry adroit aiid well-tempered
speech by Frank Newlands iv favor of the
nomination of Teller. Mr. Smith, one of
the National leaders of the Populist party,
i 9 to be heard on the same subject to-mor
row.
A Bland conference has been called for
10 o'clock to-night to prepare for pushing
the fight for "Silver Dick" with increased
vigor to-morrow. It is, saitl that Bland's
fight is better organized than any of the
others.
The next twenty-four hours will be
eventful — they will certainly be so for in
dividual? and probably for tbe country as
well as tbe party. A bolt on the part of
the gold delegates is one of the probabili
ties, but it is quite uncertain at what stage
of the proceedings it will occur. If it does
not occur the silver men will suspect that
they have fallen into some error. The
gold men, however, may decide that their
greatest power for harm is within the
parly. James G. Maguire.
TELLERITES GROW BOLD.
Dictating the Terms Upon Which
Their Leader Would Accept the
Nomination.
CHICAGO, 111., July s.— The Teller
men to-day began to define their policy.
They are growing more enthusiastic as the
time draws nearer, and are making defi
nite claims as to the strength of their can
didate. They have prepared a statement
showing the number of electoral votes
which they claim will be obtained if
Teller is made the choice of the conven
tion. This statement is being used to in
fluence Teller sentiment among the dele
gates.
Congressman Bailey of Texas, a delegate
at large and one of the Bland leaders, has
also prepared a statement giving the num
ber of electoral votes the Democrats may
bope to secure, but his figures fall far be
low those prepared by the Teller faction.
The two statements have been compared
and the Teller people are saying thai the
Bland men and supporters of other candi
dates pledged to free silver are very much
impressed with Teller's alleged strength.
The Teller statement gives tbe Colorado
man 256 electoral votes, while Mr. Bailey's
foots up only 197. The Teller men have
been very frank with the Democratic sil
ver leaders. They will not concede tbe
right of the Democratic party to dictate
tbe entire programme to be followed in
the event of the Colorado Senator's nomi
nation and election, and are trying to
reach an understanding on these points
before the convention assembles. One or
the most promiaent Teller men, who has
been in frequent conference with the
Democratic leaders, told a United Press
reporter to-day that the Teller people
would not consent to any proposition as
to the position they would occupy in the
event of his election, except such as would
give them a proportionate share in the ad
ministration of the Government, based on
the number of electoral vote 3 they secured
for the candidate.
Mr. Teller's friends insist that he is the
only man who can carry the country
for free silver. It is on this distinct and
broad statement that they base their de
mands on the Democratic silver leaders.
They are endeavoring to effect an agree
ment with the Democratic leaders as to
the platform on which Mr. Teller can
make the race. They want, of course, to
make the financial plank the main feature
and subordinate everything else to it.
"The platform will be satisfactory to
everybody," said Representative Hartman
of Montana, who bolted the St. Louis Con
vention with Mr. Teller, and who is here
looking after the Teller interests. "No
body can find fault with it and if Mr.
Teller is nominated, as he will be, it will
sweep the country."
Federal office-holders are beginning to
come in, but whether or not they will tafce
any part in the proceedings has not yet
developed.
Last night's mass-meeting of the gold
men was a remarkable demonstration
from the standpoint of attendance and of
the noted men who spoke or were present
a? spectators. The absence of Senator Hill
is causing much comment. Mr. Hill was
asked to attend and make a speech, but he
declined point blank to do either. Rumors
as to his reasons for declining to serve are
numerous, but Mr. Hill is not gratifying
the curiosity of those who desire to know
the truth. \
BRYAN'S CANDIDACY.
Nebraska Free Sllverites Will Make
a Hard Fight for the White-
Metal Champion.
LINCOLN, Nebk., July 5. — The Ne
braska free-silver delegation to the Chi
cago Convention, headed by ex-Congress
man W. J. Bryan and an enthusiastic
crowd of r-shouters, left this morning
over the Northwestern and -will make a
speedy run to the lake city. There were
fourteen cars, all gayly decorated, and be
fore Missouri Valley was reached it was
expected they would be crowded. All the
delegates, Mr. Bryan included, were conn
dent of securing seats in the convention,
as opposed to the contesting gold faction
already on the ground, beaded by Na
tional Committeeman Tobias Castor and
backed by Secretary of Agriculture Mor
ton.
After this preliminary fight is settled to
their satisfaction, as the free-silver men
confidently predict it will be, members of
the Nebraska delegation will begin a can
vass looking to Mr. Bryan as a Presi
dential candidate, and they make no
effort to conceal the fact that it will be
pushed with energy, and that is the sole
mission of the large [ number of visitors
aside from the delegates and: alternates
who accompanied their leader. The move
ment would have .begun sooner had Mr.
Bryan given his consent. His friends
point to him as one of the foremost cham
pions of the white metal in the West, who
would be an ideal leader.
■ ■ ' " " . :—•: — • :—: —
Marching Clubs Arrive.
CHICAGO, 111., July s.— While Chica
go does not appear to realize that the
great political convention is drawing near,
there were some lively scenes in the streets
and the hotel lobbies during the day. The
Randall Club of Pittsburg was the first of
the marching clubs to arrive. The Ran
dallites came 110 strong and were headed
by their own brass band. They have
headquarters at Myer's Hotel. The Bland
Club of St.. Louis, led by a woman, seated
astride of a prancing horse, marched up
Michiean avenue to its quarters and was
greeted with cheers. The list of United
States Senators who will attend the con
vention is still growing. Three additional
Senators arrived to-day — Senator Blan
chard of Louisiana and Senators Gordon
and Bacon of Georgia.
Utah Is for Bland.
CHICAGO, 111.. July s.— The Utah dele
gation met this afternoon and elected O.
W. Powers chairman and A. W. McCane
member of the National Committee. It was
voted to support Bland for the Presiden
tial nomination. One of the delegates,
however, said lie did not believe the
friends of Mr. Bland would hold a caucus
to agree upon a silver candidate in ad
vance. Tnat, he thought, was a question
which should be left for tbe convention to
decide with all the States represented.
BLAND IS
MAKING HAY,
Works in the Field While
His Forces Saw Wood
at Chicago.
GAINS IN STRENGTH AS
HE TOILS.
Delegates From the West and
South Are Flecking to
His Standard
BOIES FIKDS BUT SCATTERIKG
SUPPORT.
Oregon's Contingent Laboring With a
Vim to Give Pennoyer Second
Place.
"The Call's" Headquarters,)
Great Northern Hotel, •
Chicago, 111. , July 5. )
There is no change in tbe situation
here to-night. There seems to be a
scramble on the part of Western dele
gates to get into the Bland wagon. It
was given out at the headquarters of the
Missourian to-night that he would con
trol every State and Territory west of
the y\ i» .i-.-ip|ii River, vrith the possible
exception of South Dakota.
The name of Stephen M. White will not
be presented to the National Convention
for the Presidency if the Californian can
prevent it. The Senator is not ambitious
to enter the contest-
All the California delegates are seem
ingly friendly to Bland. Barry Hillard
of Idaho has just informed me that the
delegates from that State will vote for
Bland on the first ballot. The fact that
Illinois and Colorado united on Bland
greatly increased the prospects of the
Missouri farmer for the nomination. The
Blaiid Club, which arrived from St. Louis
to-day, is making the night hideous with
cries for the noted silverite.
The leaders of the gold wins: of the
party retired to roost early to-night and
the silverites are in possession of the
field of battle The silver members of
the Xational Democratic Comimittee to
night decided on Senator White of Cali
fornia as temporary chairman of the con
vention, but the Senator was obliged to
decline the honor, for the reason that he
had urged Senator Hill of New York not
to accept the position and he said it
'would look like a selfish move on his
own behalf io take the chair.
The National Democracy came a little
short of religiously observing the com
inandraent to keep sacred the Sabbath
day. FKAKK UcGDIBE.
FAR IN THE LEAD.
Bland Forces Gain New Accessions
While Boies Is Making no
Advance.
CHICAGO, 111., July s.— Bland is the
only candidate "vrho is seriously men
tioned by the silverites as the prob
able nominee of the Democratic Na
tional Convention, which is called to meet
at the Coliseum on Tuesday. There is no
question but that the farmer-statesman of
Missouri is still the ideal candidate of that
element of the party which will dominate
the National Democracy. While Boies is
being widely supported by Towa and a few
scattering delegates from other sections of
the country he has not gained sufficient
strength to nave any pronounced bearing
upon the situation of yesterday. The fact
is that his trip to Chicago diminished
rather than increased his prospects. The
little excitement aroused over his uncere
monious entrance into the city soon wore
away.
On the other hand, the Bland boom
withstood the many vicious assaults that
were made upon its breastworks during
the day and long into the night. It was
expected that Bland would hang up his
hay-rake and hurry to Chicago, simply
because the lowan had been summoned
here by his advisers for a consultation;
but tbe Missourian sent word that he was
obliged to remain at home to gather in his
hay crop, and therefore he could not come
to the great city by the lake at this time to
attend to such a trifling matter as the
prospective nomination for the Presidency
of the United States. Bland will not be
in Chicago this week. Shoald he receive
the nomination of his party for the Presi
dency, he will remain at Lebanon until
notified of the fact.
There is some talk to-day of a Bland-
McLean ticket. The Ohio editor seems to
have no particular preference for a first
place so long as he comes in second. A
day or two ago his friends were urging
him for the Vice- Presidency, with Senator
Teller of Colorado as the Presidential
nominee. When the Teller boom had run
its race McLean shifted over to the Bland
contingent. There is little prospect that
he will be in any way recognized by the
National Democracy.
United States Senator SJephen M. White
of California, whose familiar face was seen
about the political centers to-day, and ex-
Governor Sylvester Pennoyer of Oregon
are among those who are being promi
nently mentioned to-day for tecond place
on the Democratic ticket. Either would
be acceptable to the silver wing of the
party— that wing of the Democracy which
incorporates the South and West in a solid
phalanx for the free and unlimited coin
age of silver at a ratio of 16 to 1. White is
looked upon with considerable favor by
the leaders of the party from different sec
tions of the country, and the rumor that
New York would support his aspirations
for Presidential honors gave additional
force to his boom.
Pennoyer lost no ground to-day. His
pictures are being promiscuously circu
lated by delegates to the convention, and
the virtues and glories of his public and
private life are being recited in song and
story.
The gold men have been completely van
quished. Their meeting at the Auditorium
last night failed to bring about desired re
sults. True, the building was crowded
from pit to dome with enthusiastic; sup
porters of the yellow metal.
They cheered the sentiments of the
various speakers, and yelled long and loud
for their favorite candidates. But it was
all to no avail, for when the sun rose over
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 6, 1896.
SOME OF THE MEN WHO ATTRACT ATTENTION IN CHICAGO.
Chicago this Sabbath morning there was
even a more pronounced outburst of bit
terness among the silver men toward
their avowed enemies, and the now famil
iar cry of "16 to 1" was again sent career
ing along the ramparts.
Whitney and Hill have absolutely given
up the fight. They readily concede that
the silver men will dominate the conven
tion. They have no heart to maKe the
fight. With bowed heads and sad hearts
they accept tho inevitable. They are sin
cere in the opinion that the party will be
defeated upon a silver platform.
While there is much talk of a bolt on the
part of the Eastern delegates, final action
has been delayed. It is evident, however,
that the National Dcmocrecy, which has
lived throughout the convulsions of a cen
tury, is now swaying in the balance of un
certainty. Will it survive the crisis now
at hand? Will it perish in the throes of
sectional strife? These are the questions
of the hour. Feakk McGtibe.
"SILVER DICK" BLAND.
Character of the Man Who Seems
Destined to Ge-. the Nom
ination
CHICAGO, 111., July s.— "Silver Dick"
Bland.
He is the leader and his supporters de
clare that he will surely be the nominee of
the National Democratic Convention. The
Missourian will lead all candidates on the
first ballot. The Bland men are claiming
350 votes for him. Boies is his closest
competitor; in fact only these two seem to
be in tbe race. Matthews of Indiana will
receive the thirty votes of his State as a
compliment merely. His candidacy is not
regarded as serious.
Senator Vest of Missouri, a conservative
man, said to-night he fell sure of Bland's
nomination. It looks like Bland against
the field to-night. Delegates are slow to
arrive, however, ana it is too early to make
a sale prediction.
The two-thirds rule will certainly pre
vail, and the supporters of Mr. Bland's
rivals declare that the Missourian can
never secure theiequisite number of votes.
The Democratic party is indeed in a sad
plight. It is resolved to nominate a radical
silverite. The strong men of the party are
administration supporters, and there is no
one north of Mason and Dixon's line men
tioned for the nomination on a silver plat
form but Bland, Boies, Matthews and
Stevenson. Tne silver Democrats at the
convention confess mortification that they
have a Bhahby lot of candidates to offer.
"Silver Dick's" visaze is posted in the
corridors of all hotels and on the dead
walls of all Chicago streets. At the Palmer
House numberless index fingers on ban
ners point the way to "Silver Dick's"
neadquarters.
Some Typical Faces Seen About the Hotels.
Bland buttons are scattered broadcast
Incoming country delegations, headed by
noißy brass bands, are yelling for Bland.
Bland, Bland; the mob, the groundlings,
split the ears of the multitude while the
judicious grieve, for although the rnral
rooters regard Bland as a great silver
Moses, -whose statesmanship will lead to
better times, the leaders of the party who
know Bland personally are doubtful of the
wisdom of nominating a man of his
character.
Richard Parks Bland, after many years
as Representative in Congress, made him
self conspicuous by his persistent efforts
in behalf of tbe siiver dollars, as joint
author of the Bland-Allison act. Though
a member of Congress for many years he
has seldom uttered a word on any subject
other than finance and like Stewart of
Nevada be knows little else.
Mr. Bland is a man of unimposing and
unattractive physique, ordinary height,
his face covered with a growth ol grizzly
gray hair. His head is slightly bald. The
Missouri statesman is an inveterate chewer
of tooacco, as evidenced by his tobacco
streaked beard. He is ol a meditative
mind, and when in a thoughtful mood,
with a far-away look in his eyes, toya with
his brows or his nasal appendage.
Though Senator White has declined to
be a Presidential candidate there is still
some talk of submitting his name to tbe
convention. Mr. White's nomination is
by no means an impossibility. Indeed,
some of his warm admirers and enthusi
astic supporters declare that he stands an
excellent chance as a dark horse in the
event of a sharp fight between Bland and
Boies. C. C. Cabletok.
BLAND MEN CAUCUS.
Two Hundred and Fifty Votes
Promised to the Missouri
Candidate.
CHICAGO, 111., July s.— The first gen
eral caucus of delegates and alternates
favcrable to the candidacy of Mr. Bland
was held in the Sherman House this even
ing. The object of the Bland managers
was to get acquainted with the delegates
lrom other States than Missouri, then be
gin the work of formulating the conven
tion plan of procedure rather than to
make a full test of Bland's strength.
Twelve States responded to the rollcall,
about 100 delegates instructed for the Mis
sourian being present. From the figures
sent to the decretary, 250 unconditional
votes were put down as a certainty on the
first ballot.
Most of the delegates were around the
hotel, but only a few attended the caucus.
Texas and Kansas were largely repre
sented. Secretary Allen of the Bland ex
ecutive committee of Missouri called the
caucus to order. Senator Martin of Kan
sas was chosen chairman. Dr. L. J. Dee"
shiel of Texas was elected secretary.
A few vigorous speeches were made on
the outlook from Missouri's point of view,
and there was no lack of enthusiasm.
Congressman Bailey said the solid thirty
votes of the Lone Star State would be cast
for Bland. Mr. Overmeyer of Kansas said
his State was for Mr. Bland, because no
other Democrat could carry the State in
November. Secretary of State Hinrichsen
announced a majority of the Illinois dele
gation for Bland, and said that under the
unit rule the forty-eight votes of his State
would be cast for the free-silver pioneer of
the party.
There was little but Bland talk in the
Sherman House when tbe delegates
swarmed in, and the Missounan's man
agers were elated over a report that twelve
of the Tennessee delegates haa been won
over to je Bland persuasion. The other
half are inclined to Blackburn and Mc-
Lean. Governor Culberson of Texas and
Governor Stone of Missouri came to look
in at the caucus and meet delegates and
friends.
A letter was read from San Francisco,
stating that a silver club composed of Re
publicans, Populists and Democrats was
being formed, 1000 strong, whose choice
was Bland for President and Morgan of
Alabama, White of California or Sibley ot
Pennsylvania for V ice-President.
BLAND'S FIGURES.
Claims Two Hundred and Thirty
Votes on the First Ballot.
CHICAGO. 111., July s.— The following
Bland figures were given out to-night to
the United Press to indicate the practi
cally certain strength of the Missouri can
didate on the first ballot:
Arkansas. 16 ft ah 6
Colorado 8 Wnshington 8
Idaho 6 Wyoming 6
Illinois 48( Arizona. 6
Kausas 20New Mexsco 6
Missouri 44 Indian Territory 6
Montana BlOltlahoma 6
Oregon 8
Texas 30| Total 230
This summing up of Mr. Bland's sup
porters is thirty-two votes below the esti
mate given at tne afternoon caucus of the
Bland delegates.
MICHIGAN'S CONTEST.
Talk of a Compromise Between the
Quarreling: Wolverine Dele
grates.
CHICAGO, 111., July s.— One of the in
teresting developments of the day was
that of a possible compromise in the mat
ter of the contest over the Michigan dele
gation. The silver men feel that while
they were outgeneraled in the Wolverine
State by ex-Postmaster-General Don M.
Dickinson, a large majority of the Demo
cratic party of that State are supporters
of the free coinage of silver, and there has
been some talk of attempting to oust the
Dickinson delegation, replacing them by
one in favor of free coinage.
Ihe proposition suggested to-day was
that the delegation should be voted by
Mr. Dickinson in favor of a platform de
claring for a maintenauce of the gold
standard, and that afterward the indi
vidual preferences of the delegates for
President should 1 be recorded.
There was some objection upon the part
of the silver men to the execution of this
compromise. They argued that it would
be foolidh to enter into such an arrange
ment, for the reason that the delegation
was bound by instruction of the State
Convention to act under the unit rule, and
that, after the twenty-eight votes would be
recorded in favor of tne gold standard, no
power existed in the convention itself to
release the delegation from its obligation
to observe the directions of the State Con
vention and tbe majority could still cast
the twenty-eight votes against a free-silver
candidate.
BAILEY FOR CHAIRMAN.
The Texan Favored by Utah Dele-
sates for Temporary Holder
of the Gavel.
CHICAGO, 111., July 5.— A movement
to secure the election of J. W. Bailey of
Texas as temporary chairman of the con
vention was inaugurated at the meeting of
the Utah delegation to-day. His name
had previously been suggested by advo
cates of free silver, and during tne after
noon, it was stated, the di legations of
several of the Northwestern States indi
cated a willingness to unite in support of
Mr. Bailey.
The Texas Congressman, from reports,
does not desire to enter into the contest
for the position, while recognizing the
honor that his selection would confer
upon him and bis State. He has been
under the care of a physician for throat
trouble for some time and fears that his
condition is not such as to justify him in
undertaking the duties of tae position.
General A. J. Warner, president of the
Bimetallic League and a former Demo
cratic Congressman from Ohio, is one of
Mr. Bailey's most enthusiastic supporters.
Over £1,000,000 is spent yearly by Lon
doners on funerals.
GOLD MEN WILL BOLT,
Continued from First Page.
lapel of his coat by an unscrupulous per
son who wished to keep it as a souvenir of
the land of gold and fruits and flowers, of
sunshine and skies perennially blue.
Some other of the delegates presented
their badges to their admiring friends in
St. Louis, with the admonition to be care
ful and not lose such a priceless treasure,
and to this day tbe deiighted recipients
are exhibiting to their friends with the
greatest pride badges that cost exactly
$2 20 each.
It is too early for the delegates yet to
size up the situation and to definitely
make up their mini as to what course
they shall pursue. They are pledged on
the financial proposition, but unpledged
as to candidates. The Californians were in
caucus from 3 to 5 o'clock this afternoon.
What they did that is proper for the pub
lic to hear will be told in another column
in this issue of The Call by Congressman
Maguire, whose words are of more than
ordinary weicht and value in the councils
of the Democracy.
The gold meeting in tie Auditorium
last night developed the fact that the
thread which binds the sound money men
to the party is as brittle as a spider's web.
They hurled defiance in the teeth of the
majority and as good as said that they
would not support the party in the com
ing campaign. From various surface in
dications it will not be very wide of the
mark to say tliat there is a very strong
probability that there will be some
dramatic scenes before the session of
the convention shall have come to an end
and that the New York delegation and
other sound money advocates will make a
united bolt and walk-out that will leave a
big hole in the convention hall and that
will strike terror into the Democratic
heart.
The sappers and miners are at work ex
cavating under the Bland boom. Tbe lat
est missile aimed at it is the statement,
industriously put forward, that Silver
Dick would be a very unpopular candidate
because of his disagreeable personality.
They say he is rugged, coarse, uncouth
and unamiable; that whatever magnetism
he may have comes from the negative pole
and repels all who pet within its influence.
This is a pretty rough deal upon Dick.
Most politicians would prefer to be classed
as scoundrels, boodlers, thieves and pirates
than to be accused of being boorish or out
of style.
From the Teller boom comes the hissing
sound of escaping gas. It was never more
than a toy balloon, inflated to its utmost
capacity and pricked with a pin by some
mischivous urchin from New York.
The hotels are uncomfortably crowded,
and room-rent in them and on streets near
by has doublea and trebled. In the 25, 50
and 75-cent lodging-houses on State street,
WaDash avenue, Dearborn, Madison, Mon
roe, Adams and Jackson streets, within
easy access of political headquarters, rents
have been raised within the last two days
to $2 a day for one person.
The restaurants in the same vicinity
have not made much of an increase in
price for the reason that they are already
charging all that tbe traffic will bear, it
being next to impossible to get a "decent"
meal short of $1 at the lowest.
Frank D. Ryan, District Attorney of
Sacramento County, and Judge Garoutte
of the Supreme Court of the State of Cali
fornia, both of whom attended the Re
publican National Convention at St. Louis,
have returned from a trip to New York
and will remain here until Tuesday, when
they will start for California. Among the
otner Californians here are State Senator
Voorhies, L. L. Bromwell, the insurance
man; Colonel William Fursyth, one of
the largest raisin-growers in the Fresno
district; Will H. Gagan; Peter J. Dunne,
a well-known Native Son, and Adjutant-
General A. W. Barrett of Los Angeles.
John Paul Cosgrave.
SENATOR WHITE HONORED
Chosen by the Sllverites for Tem
porary Chairman, but Declines
to Accept.
CHICAGO, 111., July s.— The fight over
the selection of temporary chairman prom
ises to be a lively one as evidenced to-day
by the hurried arrival of Michael F. Tar
pey, the National Committeeinan from
California. Pressing business engage
ments bad taken Mr. Tarpey to Mexico
and he had not deemed the sessions of the
committee of sufficient importance to at
tend. So much stress has in the last few
NITW TO-DAT.
■•■•■•■• I !•!» IOHOE3® BO OBOES®
■ So Cents on the Dollar •
©Is the lime as 20 per cent saved, or expressed differently, 20 cents out of every 5?
I dollar is what we claim to save you on general family supplies. Not by cheaper ®
B| «oods, but by better modern methods, principally in buying. •We buy many goods IS
® so as to sell to you at the same or less than paid by our competitors. No dull times 2?
1 here. Busy as a bee hire. Call and see us and convince yourself. True represen- W
B9 tationof goods and prices, both in our "ads" and the store. "Money back" cheer- 19
j£| fully, goes here. Cash our only arbitrary rule. We help pay freight 100 miles. ™ "
£& I ~~ _ — — - Royal Baking Powder ®
ZZL ' It is a form Of ex- * ' Limited amount left yet from "wreck v EM
S?. lp -",» 4 ' or -'o 10c : 6-oz.. 16c; 8-oz.. ti 7nL A
a travaeance to Day 2oc:ie-oz., S9c; 3 lbs., ?L!i6 ; sibs.. $1.1 9
9 TBAS
■» more for your gOOds Ourvalnes always have been greater than m
EB , \ ln an ,y store In san Francisco, but to make mM
A than yOU have tO. X ' cut- y BUre ° f matuul helpfulness, we've
■as If a person is in Onr 79c teas, fl to ?1 50 elsewhere, are now SBo ■"
■ If a person is in BS£ aE i2"' ln* to 2i 3 * lBe «Ware m ow loe M
© debt let them com- J^^k^^^^^^^Z •
5 mence at once to buy -^ ©
I for cash. mush -- -.-.- 4C ■
q You will save some- £&& ?nV a ?sl; a ¥{°\?;*:Z™2Kc •
123 | thing On each bill by , 3 Our Fine Dry Granulated, purest and best *T
... . °™* . s l *«. bulk, bags, boxes, bbls and % A
CB hnvino* tor cash. obis, lb „•■ •■ "»c ™
Duy ing ror casn. • ■ Golden Granulat'a ( r » w Island) lb.4^c m
■ Figure out how M ? AT S S
nguic, uul now ." *« or Llbby Corn Beef. 8-lb tin 15c. Mb. too ©
™ miirh yon csvp «n " ex or Uf>by Lunch Tongue, 1-lb tins »Oc Jl
mUCn yOU Save On it m s.i Picnic, Cala.Sc; Finest B|
©each bi 1 1. Bacon, delicious! slVcedVn tins,' nothing "like ° m
each bill. Bacon, delicious, sliced ln tins, nothing like A
fJP 11 ......; 14c and 24c ''*&■
pg Pay on the old bills Ir^? I3C . 'f^^S^S&^S^S^^^S^St^ ■
■i ray wn itic uiu uius, i)oine B tlc Sardines, 3 tins for 10c: French . m
% What is Saved on each * CoSfl s 1 n. Rl^ib"boxe S ;" 'boneleVs." SocV'bJsl^ #
' , y.'h'C . Georges, I b 8 C : m
■ purchase for cash KONAoofpee «
®_. •_. Genuine, from the Sandwich Islands, raw . j«t
W Do yOU See? 25c, wast. 3Oc ©
M■ " Boil.-d Clderqts.....aso !-ei Moss Farina.. »Oc Mi
mm Hetnan s Salad Dress- Monroe Chutney.. « Oc BI
©At yOUr Service, — 1nK..................35c Whole Black Pepper __.
" - ' 50 lbs Fine 5a1t...... jJ5c 1br......... lOc P3
m • • ft ... -.'.„■ ,' _■. Sal Soda 1b..... lc Clothes Pins, d0z....2 C
Ba Snillhs IaSLII StftrA Candles each. .........1c Tacks, paper. ......2 c A
UIUUU3. UlMi k>LUlt. - ; Bluing, bag ...... ....ic Bait Blue, box q c *&
I '*'■"•" '■ ' ' ■ •'•'- A Good Broom ioe Kl«ht Tapers, 10c B|9
'"''■ ~~~~ ' '- J b0xe5...... .5c JSH
• SMITHS CASH STORE, •
£ LARGEST WESTERN DEPARTMENT STORE. ~T
„ - Write for our Catalogue of Dry Goods, Clothing. Boots and Shoes, ©
eTI , Carpets. Wall ■ Paper, ; Furniture, Stationery, Bicycles, Wagons EN
™ and Carriages, Harness, etc. .' tSm
9 414, 416, 4-18 FRONT STREET. SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. A
■B I .;.• .:■■' WE KNOW A LOT ABOUT SHIPPINQ OOODS-TRY US.
>•■•■••■•■■•■• ■•■••■•■•■•■•
days been laid on the issue whether the
I gold or t*ne silver men of the committee
j shall dictate the selection or the chairman
that Mr. Tarpey was overwhelmed with
telegrams urging his attendance in Chi
cago.
Nothing better shows the chaotic condi
tion of affairs here almost on the eve of the
j convention than the bitterness of the fight
over the temporary chairmanship.
Tne silver men of the National Commit
tee late this afternoon, through Senator
Pascoe, notified Mr. White that they had
unanimously selected him as their candi
date. The names of Blackburn and Bryan .
had been canvassed, but both had been
rejected. Of Mr. Blackburn the fear was
frankly expressed that under certain con
tingencies his eloquence might prove an
endless brook, and it is the programme of
the silver men to rush everything, includ
ing speeches, as promptly as possible.
Against Mr. Bryan it was urged that be
ing a member of a contesting delegation
tbere might be objection to selecting for
presiding officer a man whose status in
the convention was not without doubt.
The committee therefore selected Senator
White, who presided at St. Louis in 38€8
with distingu ; shed ability.
Mr. White briefly informed Mr. Pascoe
that, having only recently visited Mr.
Hill to dhsuade him from accepting the
nomination by the gold men, it would not
be possible for him to accept the selection
by the silver men. Pascoe assented to Mr.
White's views, and returned to the com
mittee to report Mr. White's refusal. The
silver men are consequently as far away as
ever from selecting the temporary chair
man of the convention.
Arthur Sewall, the National Committee
man from Maine, arrived to-day. He ex
presses his intention to vote for Mr. Teller,
whose name Senator Dubois says will
surely be placed in nomination. Mr.
Sewall favors a platform which shall ex
press itself for free coinage of silver at 16
to 1, with an incidental allusion to the
subject of the tariff.
Hon. Pat Walsh of Georgia says that the
■platform will contain a ringing denuncia
tion of the American Protective Associa
tion, as strong as the English language
can frame it. C. C. Cableton.
BOOMERS ARE BUSY.
Arriving Delegates Button-Holed
by Friends of the Several
Candidates.
CHICAGO, 111., July s.— Just as the
Louisiana delegation was called to order
to-night in its headquarters at the Palmer
House it was visited by a representation
of the delegation from Texas, which was
out doing missionary work in behalf of
Candidate Bland. It had become well
known around the hotel that the Louisiana
delegation was undecided as to its prefer
ence for a Presidential candidate, and the
friends of the Missouri man have pressed
into service the Texas delegation, which
is here under instructions to labor and to
vote for Mr. Bland's nomination. One of
the Texan3 made an address of some
length, setting forth the reasons which, to
them, were considerably in favor of
Bland's nomination. '
Later the Louisiana delegates were vis
ited by Senators Dubois and Pettigrew
and Representative Town of Minnesota,
who is at the head of the free-silver bolt
ine Republicans of that State. These gen
tlemen called to impress upon the dele
gates the availability of Senator Teller as
a candidate.
Be} r ond electing Governor McEnery
chairman, the delegation did nothing at
the executive meeting ar.d adjourned un
til to-morrow at 11 o'clock.
The Massachusetts contingent, sixty
five strong, came in to-night, and with
them George Fred Williams, delegate-at
large, -whose recent utterances favorable
to silver have given much offense to the
Massachusetts gold men, who came ahead
of the delegation. Mr. Williams had no
sooner landed in town than rumor began
to associate his name with the temporary
chairmanship. There was a basis for the
rumors, for some of the Massachusetts
men say Mr. Williams is a candidate for
the position and relies for success on the
fact that he is an Eastern man whose pub
lic statements show him to be friendly to
tbe white metal.
Maryland's delegates arrived this after
noon and are registered at the Auditorium.
They held a brief meeting and filled the
places in the delegation made vacant by
those who refused to come to Chicago
after they had been elected. Ex-Congress
man J. Fred Talbott and Murray Vandiver
were subststuted for Charleß C. Crothers
and Marion de Kalb Smith. The Mary
land gold men are already being worked
on by the silver contingent. It is said
four of the Maryland delegates are for sil
ver, and the delegation is not bound by
t c unit rule.SCORED BY
WHITNEY
Bitter Denunciation of the
Men Who Control the
Democracy.
ACCUSED OF TREACHERY
TO DELEGATES.
Says Alteeld's Will Is to Be
Law With the Credentials
Committee.
CONTESTED GOLDITES WILL BE
UNSEATED.
Single Standard Forces Meet in Con
ference and Prepare for the
Conflict.
Headquarters United Press, j
Herald Building, >
Chicago, July 5. J
The gold Democrats who are supporting
William C. Whitney in the business which
has brought him to Chicago held an en
thusiaslie meeting to-night and discussed
matters of importance bearing on the
treatment they might expect in the con
vention from the dominant silver men.
The feature of the conference, which, like
that of Friday night, was conducted be
hind closed doors in the Auditorium
Hotel, was a speech delivered by Mr.
Whitney at the opening. He paid his
compliments to Governor Alteeld, who,
he claimed, was the dominating spirit
among the silverites, and ended his re
marks with this declaration, made in a
ringing voice:
"I take it for granted that no man in
this room will ever consent to the sub
ordination of the welfare of the country
and the integrity of his party for any con
sideration." Loud cheers followed.
There was really little business of im
portance at the conference. Its main pur
pose was to discuss the various contests
before the National Committee and to
listen to a statement from Mr. Whitney
as to what had been accomplished since
the gold men began their active fight. It
is estimated that over 225 persons were in
attendance, the room being inadequate to
hold the assemblage. Among tlie first to
arrive were sixty Indianans wearing con
spicuous badges bearing the inscription
"Indiana sound-money Democrats." Two
sergeants-at-arms were placed at the door,
and as each man entered he was subjected
to close scrutiny. Two followers of the
silverites had passed within the precincts
of the conference-room, but were discov
ered in time and summarily ousted.
Among those in attendance were W. D.
Byuum, ex-Attorney-General A. G. Smith
of Indiana, William C. Whitney, ex-Gov
ernor Flower, ex- Lieutenant- Governor
Sheehan, Senator Gray, Don M. Dickin
son, ex-Mayor Thomas F. Gilroy, Judge
Funch of lowa, Colonel Harvey, Colonel
John W. Fellows, ex-Governor Russell of
Massachusetts, Controller Eckels, As
sistant Secretary of the Treasury Hamlin,
John E. Russell, William F. Harrity,
Cnairman of the National Democratic
Committee, Ben T. Cable, Smith M. Weed,
Franklin MacVeagh, Washington Hesing,
ex-liovernor Bradley, ex-Governor Francis,
Joseph Quincy, Robert F. Wright of Penn
sylvania and ex-Governor R. W. Knox of
Kentucky. «
Senator Gray of Delaware, who was
as permanent chairman of the
gold organisation at last Friday 's meet
ing, called the conference to order and
immediately thereafter Mr. Whitney
arose to address those who were present.
All of those in attendance were not dele
gates to the convention. A notable ab
sentee was Senator David B. Hill, who
was present at last Friday's conference,
but d'd not accept the invitation to ap
pear to-night.
Mr. Whitney prefaced hit remarks by a
brief statement of what the situation had
been at the conference held immediately
after his arrival in Chicago. At that time,
he said, the little information they had
tended to one inevitable conclusion — that
the free-silver men under Altgeld had
made up their minds to force their way
through the convention in every particu
lar and had also decided to do three
things— first, to hold a caucus and select
t ieir candidate outside the convention
hall; second, to abrogate the two-thirds
rule, and, third, to make the result abso
lutely certain by "firing out" as many
gold delegates as the}- could possibly find
a pretext for dismissing.
Tney had also decided on another thing,
and that was to violate every precedent
of the party by refusing to accept as tem
porary chairman a man selected by the
National Committee and to put their own
man in his place. That, he said, was the
state of things at the last meeting.
"To-night," said Mr. Whitney, "it was
obvious that there had been a distinct set
back for the silver forces. Their plans
had been changed. The sentiment that
had been brought about since that time
through the efforts of the sound-money
Democrats here and the Democratic press
throughout the country was very marked.
As indicative of the change in the ilans
of the silver men they had undertaken io
hold a caucus, and the attempt failed;
they haii abandoned the idea of abrogat
ing the ♦.wo-thirds rule, and from the
best information that could be obtained
to-night they had decided not to carry out
their idea regarding the temporary chair
manship."
Mr. Whitney said the reports of what
the free silver men attempted to do to-day
were to the effect that division in their
own ranks made it impossible for them to
carry out their plans before the Na
tional Committee to-morrow. This was
the situation when they adjourned this
afternoon, "and there was little probabil
ity." he added, "that they would come to
the conclusions urged by Altgeld when the
committee met this morning."
Mr. Whitney said these things showed
a very pronounced change of sentiment.
It was the effect of the work through the
press, the public meeting here and ail
such agencies upon the managers of the
silver campaign. That they had been
convinced of the wisdom of not following
Mr. Altgeld was obvious. That l«ft one
matter yet unfinished, said Mr. Whitney.
Having failed in the attempt to rea^h an
agreement to abrogate the two-thirds rule
Mr. Altgeld and his associates — Mr. Till
man and others — had demanded to throw
out enough gold men to make a majority
for silver in the National Committee.
There had been no change in this plan, he
said; in fact, everything indicated that
this sentiment was stronger than ever be
fore.
To indicate how far this matter went and
to emphasize and corroborate his state
ments, Mr. Whitney called on Mr. Steven
son, chMrman of the Michigan delegation,
whose seats are Deing contested, to state
his case. This Mr. Stevenson did at
length. He was asked numerous ques
tions about the Michigan contests by Wil
liam F. Sheehan and others. As a further
indication that the silver men had not
abandoned this particular idea and were
going to press it to a final conclusion in
lieu of abrogating the two-thirds rule, at
least six cases were instanced where dele
gates had been asked what position they
would take in regard to the Michigan del
egation in case they were put on the com
mittee on credentials. In each of these
cases, where the delegate answered that he
would judge of tbe merits of the case, but
could not judge without a hearing, he was
promptly turned down and a man put in
pledged absolutely to displace tbe mem
bers of the Michigan delegation who were
in favor of sound money.
At the conclusion of these narrations
Mr. Whitney remarked that the refusal to
admit the Michigan delegation to the con
vention would be as bad as the abrogation
of the two-thirds rule. It meant, he said,
so far as the Democratic party's organiza
tion was concerned, nothing less thnn
chaos and anarchy, and tie took it for
granted that no man in that room would
ever consent to such subordination of the
welfare of the country and integrity of the
party for any consideration.
The meeting was also addressed by Don
M. Dickinson. Controller Eckels, ex-
Governor Flower, Mr. Saulsbury of Dela
ware and Smith M. Weed of New York.
The conference heard statements about
contests from Missouri, Nebraska and the
Canton (Ohio) District These were
simply matters of information. At a late
hour the meeting adjourned.
ILLINOIS IS UNCERTAIN.
Bland May Not Get the Entire
Vote of Governor Altgeld's
Delegation. .
CHICAGO, 111., July s.— Governor Alt
geld did not bring the Illinois delegation
to a formal vote on a Presidential candi
date to-day, as expected. The Bland men
were disappointed and a trifle uneasy over
the situation as it rested to-night, after
two meetings and two adjournments of
the delegates during the day. The trouble
lies mainly with the anti-Bland men of the
Cook County (Chicaco) delegation. There
are fourteen of them who do not favor
Bland and prefer Boies almost to a man.
The Bland men of the delegation excuse
the failure of the two meetings to take
definite action by saying that some of the
delegates who are for Bland did not arrive
to-day, and, as the full delegation was not
present, it was deemed advisable not to
take a poll of the delegates until to-mor
row. The claim of the Bland men of the
delegation has been that thirty of the
forty-ei»ht were with them, but there
were not that number at the Sherman
House to-day.
The first caucus was called for 10 o'clock,
Governor Altgeld presiding, and immedi
ately adjourned to 8 o'clock in the even
ing. At that time, after the Governor had
conferred with his confidential men, a
meeting was called informally and an
agreement was soon reached to adjourn
until to-morrow morning, when the ab
sentees will be on hand. The Boies men
had representatives outside the headquar
ters, and Secretary Walsh of the lowa
State Committee said he regarded the out
look as favorable to Boies. He showed
the United Press some telegrams from
Southern and Western delegates on their
way here which stated that a poll showed
some to be Boies supporters who had been
classed in the Bland column.
PREVENTS A CAUCUS.
Senator Vest Induces Missouri's
Delegation Not to Act Too
Hastily.
CHICAGO, 111., July s.— Maine led off
to-day in the matter of organization, her
delegation, which reached Chicago this
morning, organizing after breakfast. A
resolution was adopted authorizing the
chairman to confer with Mr. Whitney and
place the Maine delegation at the service
of the sound-money cause.
Mr. Holman, who is the Maine member
of the resolutions committee, said the
delegation was in favor of the nomination
of Mr. Whitney for President, but what it
would do in that regard could not be stated
until after the conference between Chair
man Gordon and Mr. Whitney.
The caucus of the Missouri delegation,
which was held last night, resulted in no
positive action further than the selection
of Senator Cockrell as a member of the
committee on resolutions. The candidacy
of Mr. Bland and the policy to be pursued
in order to make the work in his behalf as
effective as possible, was discussed from
10 o'clock until almost 1 o'clock this morn
ing, a number of very enthusiastic
speeches being made. Congressman Dear
mond advocated the indorsement by the
delegation of the caucus of the silver men
which had been proposed for the purpose
of determining who shall be the silver
candidate. This was antagonized by Sena
tor Vest; not for the reason, however, that
he was opposed to anything that Mr.
Bland's friends wanted, but because he
considered it bad policy at the present
time. In one of his characteristic speeches,
Vest called attention to the fact that
Bland was the leading candidate and
would in all probability be the choice of
the convention.
If the Missouri delegation were to take
the initiative in this matter its action
might be construed, Senator Vest said, as
an effort on the partof Missouri to unduly
hasten matters and take snap judgment in
favor of its candidate. It might also, he
feared, be unacceptable io delegations
Irom other States who had candidates to
come before the convention.
Senator Vest believed that the first steps
with respect to this proposed caucus
should be taken by the delegations pledged
to no particular candidate, and declared
that as soon as this was done Missouri
could properly participate in its proceed
ing. This advice was followed, and no
action was taken.
All the members of the Illinois delega
tion have not yet reached the city, but
those who are here— a majority of the
whole number— held a conference this
morning at the Sherman House. The
question of the indorsement of a candi
date was informally discussed, and it was
speedily ascertained that a vory large ma
jority of the whole delegation was favor
able to the nomination of Mr. Bland.
Formal action will not be had, however,
until the conierence of to-morrow. At
this time it is believed Mr. Bland, through
the operation of the unit rule, will be for
mally indorsed and members of the
various convention committees will be
selected.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 6, 1896.
ANXIETY IN THE
KAISER'S REALM,
Matters of Grave Concern
Engage the Foreign
Office.
MACEDONIA AND CRETE.
The Emperor's Unusual Orders
on Leaving for His North
Sea Tour.
WIRES TO BE KEPT WORKING.
Sparks Flying in So Many Directions
That a Magazine May Be
Exploded.
BERLIN, Germany, July s.— The Em
peror, before starting on his month's tour
of the North Sea on July 1, gave orders
which are unusual with his Majesty upon
such occasions — that wire communication
with Berlin should be kept intact through
out the route which he had mapped out
for his trip, and also gave instructions
that in the event of his going to any point
which was not linked in the telegraphic
circuit reaching Berlin, a dispatch boat
should be sent to that point with dis
patches and for the purpose of conveying
return communications to the nearest
telegraph station to be wired to Berlin.
Besides Count Philip yon Eulenberg,
German Embassador to Austria, the
Kaiser's suite is composed of Admiral yon
Henden-Bibran, chief of the Marine Cab
inet; the deputy chief of the Military
Cabinent, Count yon Moltke, Court Mar
shal Baron yon Lyncker, Counts Gortz
and yon Hulsen and Aides-de-camp yon
Kessel, yon Soholt, yon Arnim and yon
Moltke.
No repose is expected by any of the
Ministers during the tour of the Kaiser,
except in the case of the bead of the Home
Department, in which affairs are quieter
than in any other branch of the Govern
ment service. On the other hand, the
Foreign Office is in a state of anxiety over
the developments in Macedonia and Crete.
The Kreuz Zeitung, usually well in
formed upon official matters and particu
larly those connected with the Foreign
Department, claims to know upon au
thority that the Foreign Office is chiefly
concerned in the situation in Macedonia,
and that the alliance of Servia, Montenegro
and Bulgaria under the approval of Russia
means Russia's desertion of the Porte. If.
the Kreuz Zeitung adds, the rising in
Macedonia should become general, it will
check Austria's long-prepared advance to
Salonica, which port the Auslro-Hun
garian Government has coveted possession
of for years, and this would be likely to
involve war.
The officially inspired press in Berlin
touch the matter with a great deal of
diffidence. The Vienna Fremdenblatt, an
official organ, however, declares in an
article in its issue of yesterday that all of
the powers are desirous that the trouble
in Crete shall be settled at once, all of
them being aware that a general upheaval
in that island would lead to the breaking
up of the Turkish Empire. Therefore, the
Fremdenblatt continues, the powers are
determined to maintain the status quo at
all hazards. The paper adds that neither
a union of Crete with Greece nor the
granting of autonomy to the island, as
claimed by the Cretan radicals, will re
ceive the assent of the powers.
The Vossische Zeitung has ieceived ad
vices saying that the Turkish warships in
Cretan waters are totally impotent to pre
vent the landing of expeditions from
Greece and narrates the capture of the
Turkish torpedo-boot Edjer, by a party of
thirty-five Cretans. The Edjer, which wa»
built at Dantzic for the Turkish Govern
ment, was capable of developing a speed
of twenty-two miles an hour. She was
surprised during the night by a band of
Cretans who killed all of her crew except
one of her engineers, a German.
The Emperor's speech on the occasion of
the launching of the new German battle
ship Kais r Friedrich 111 at Wilhelm
shaven, last Wednesday, has met with an
echo of hearty approval throughout the
empire, which foreshadows popular assent
to a large increase of the German navy,
one of the Kaiser's desires.
The Tageblatt, in an article upon this
subject, expresses belief that the Reich
stag will certainly vote to grant the
requisite amount of money to create a
powerful navy and thus batisfy the wishes
of the Emyeror.
The Vorwaerts, the organ of the Social
ists, sneers at the Emperor's speech, par
ticularly at his references to his grand
father, Kuiser Wilhelm I. The paper
denies the Emperor's assertion that the
old Kaiser was adored by the people, and
declares that the Socialists especially have
reason to recollect the black shadows
which clouded the reign of that monarch.
In view of the audacious tone of the
Vorwaerts' article, it is not surprising that
the Ministry of Justice refuses to enter
tain the appeal of the Socialist, Herr
Kunert, who was recently elected to the
Reichstag from Halle, for an abridgment
of the term of imprisonment, which he is
now undergoing. Herr Kunert, as editor
of the Vorwaerts, was sentenced to prison
for obtaining and publishing a copy of the
Imperial decree of amnesiy issued upon
the occasion of the twenty-fifth anniver
sary of the foundation of the Empire in
advance of the official publication of the
document.
The Liberal and single-standard news-
papers express themselves as satisfied with
McKinley's sound-money declaration em
bodied in the platform adopted by the
Republican National Convention in St.
Louis.
The Vossische Zeitung. despite its fears
that there may be further high protection
legislation in the United States, hails the
nomination of McKiuley as a welcome
deliverance from many worse things that
could have happened.
The Tageblatt prints a homily upon
American politics, in which it declares
that the American corrupt plutocracy and
system of professional politics are bring
ing the United States to ruin, concluding
by saying: "It will be well if gold shall
win the day."
Hon. Edward F. Uhl. United States
Embassador to Germany, and Mrs. Uhl
have been received by Prince and Princess
Frederick Leopold at their palace in Wil
helm Platz. Both the Prince and Princess
conversed with their guests in English
nnd showed a good deal of knowledge of
American affairs.
The appeal of the American horseman.
Bob Kneebs, against his sentence of nine
months' imprisonment for ringing the
mare Bethel upon the German trotting
courses under the name of Nellie Kneebs,
was heard yesterday, but the court post
poned its decision pending the report of
the veterinary expert, Dr. Egg! ing, who is
going to the United States to inspect the
mare Bethel, which Eneebs declares is not
identical with Nellie Kneebs.
The Admiralty are preparing plans and
estimates for the construction of six first
class ironclad battleships. Credits for the
building of these vessels will be asked
from the Reichstag upon the opening of
the session of that body in November.
Baron Eichenau has been appointed at
tache to the Germany Embassy at Wash
ington. M. Maurice Herbette, formerly
attache m Berlin, has been assigned by
his Government as attache to the French
Embassy of the United States.
RENOUNCE TURKISH RULE.
Christians in Crete Elect a Provisional
Government — Favor a Union
With Greece.
ATHENS, Gbebcb, July s.— As an out
come of the insurrection in Crete against
Turkish rule, the Christians of the island
to-day elected a provisional Government,
and decided to proclaim the union of the
island with Greece.
SATOLLD'S SUCCESSOR.
The -»tr Papal Delegate to the United
States.
ROME, Italy, July s.— The Pope has
nominated Monsignor Diomede Tamconis
Papal delegate to the United States in suc
cession to Cardinal Satollj, who is expected
to arrive here on July 15.
MAJOR M'KINLEY'S PLANS
The Standard- Bearer Decides to
Remain at Home During
the Summer.
Preparations for the Impending Cam
paign Are Maturing Rap
idly.
CANTON, Ohio, July s.— Major Mc-
Kinley has decided to remain at home this
summer, lie said to-day that he had need
of rest, and thought he could discharge
the manifold duties incident to the cam
paign to better advantage here than else
where. The people are still coming here
in large numbers to visit Major McKinley,
and there will be many hundreusof callers
this week and as many next. Last week
4000 people from out of town called upon
him in a single day. He shook hands
with all of them, and tbe ordeal did not
seem to fatigue him.
Most of the delegations who come to
Canton carry banners inscribed with the
words, "Protection," "Reciprocity,"
"Sound Money," and in many cases the
words "Patriotism and Prosperity" ap
pear in lurid letters on streamers and
banners.
Plans for the conduct of the impending
campaign are rapidly maturing — rapidly,
but not hurriedly. The work of the cam
paign will net be formally commenced
until the Democratic platform has been
adopted and the Democratic candidate is
nominated.
YOUNG RETTGER'S FUNERAL.
One of the Most Imposing Pageants Ever
Seen in Cleveland.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. July 5. — The
funeral of William Rettger, the striker
killed at the Brown Hoisting Works, was
the most ' imposing funeral pageant ever
given a laboring man in Cleveland. There
has been but one occasion when there was
a larger procession and greater crowds —
the funeral of Garfield. To-day by actual
count 10,300 men formed the funeral cor
tege. The funeral services were Jield in
the church of the Immaculate Conception.
A conservative estimate places the num
ber of spectators about the church and
along the line of march to the cemetery at
100,000. The procession moved quietly
and save for the dirges played by the
many bands, no sound save the tread of
feet broke the quiet.
The troops are still under arms.
• . i
itHOirXEIt IN ERIA CANAL.
The Ltres of Three Children Lost in a
Collision.
ROCHESTER, N. V., July s.— Lena
Bissig, aged 12 years, and Jacob and John
Lee, aged 6 and 5 years respectively, sons
of James Lee, lost their lives, and four
other persons narrowly escaped death, on
the Erie Canal to-night.
James Lee, an < mploye of the Whitney
grain elevator, with his wife, two children
and Minard and Lena Bissig, brother and
sister of Mrs. Lee, and a young man
named Levi Linsey, went out on the canal
in an old skiff. The skiff collided with a
passing canal boat and capsized, and the
seven passengers were pulled under t c
canal boat by the suction of the water.
With the aid of people on shore all were
rescued but the three children.
Chicago* Long and Short Robbers.
CHICAGO, 111., July s.— At 11 o'clock
to-night the "long and short" men held
up the drugstore of Adolph Gaul, corner
of North Clark street and North avenue,
securing $76. The robbers pursued their
usual tactics. The proprietor shot at the
fleeing bandits several times without
effect.
Old Tandem Record Obliterated.
BOSTON, Maps.. July s —At the Charles-
River Track yesterday Nat and Tom But
ler swept away the tandem record. Paced
by a quintet they did the mile in 1:45 3-5.
GATHERING OF ENDEAVORERS.
The National Capital Gayly Decorated and
Arrangements Made to Entertain
a multitude.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July s.— The
arrangements for the entertainment of
visiting Christian Endeavorers planning to
attend the fifteenth international Christian
Endeavor Convention, whose opening ses
sions will be held in this city Wednesday,
July 8, are practically complete. Three
immense tents have been erected upon the
beautiful elipse, located between the
White House and the Washington
monument, and known as the "White lot."
Each of these tents will comfortably seat
8000 persons, and, with the larj;e churches
of the city, will provide a combined seat
ing capacity of nearly 40,000, available at
any time during the convention.
The city is in gala attire, the beautiful
convention Sag and the stars and stripes
forming the leading features of the deco
rations. The convention programme is
finer and larger than of the fourteen that
have preceded it.
It covers nearly 300 separate meetings
and more than 200 speakers, embracing
the foremost divines, and relief-workers of
this country and many foreign lands will
be heaid from during the rive days of the
convention.
The convention opens Wednesday night
with twenty-two simultaneous meetings
held in twenty-two of the largest churches
of the city and closes the Monday fol
lowing.
PIRATES INFEST
CATALINA ISLAND,
Not the Black Flag Kind,
Simply Non-Paying
Visitors.
A TRANSPORTATION WAR
Banning Men Patrol the Beach
to Prevent Tramp Yachts
From Landing.
THE GAUNTLET BUN AT NIGHT.
Two Ladies Without Passports Re
fused Admission to the Com*
pany's Ballroom.
AVALON, Catalina Island, July 5.—
For the past week reports have reached
the island almost daily that certain Long
Beach craft would again attempt to force
a landing at Avalon on July 4. Fore
warned is forearmed and so the company
quietly took steps to prevent these tramp
yachts from accomplishing their purpose
should they make the attempt. Constable
W. H. Cline has been here constantly on
the watch for pirate craft for a week and
on Friday was joined by fifteen deputies
from Los Angeles. These added to the
force of employes already on hand made a
company of about seventy men, who were
detailed to guard the beach. As there are
only about 1000 feet of beach where it is
possible to land a skiff, between Sugar
Loaf and the high bluff on the opposite
side of the bay, it will be seen that this
number of men could quite easily protect
the shore.
The trespassers, however, whether they
were cognizant of this force of men on
guard or not, evidently chose to effect a
landing under cover of darkness.
A carrier pigeon message was received
from San Pedro early in the day announc
ing that a Long Beach yacht had headed
for tue island at 8:30 a. m. Later in the
day another carrier pigeon, liberated in
midocean from the steamer Hermosa on
her return trip from the island to San
Pedro, arrived witti a message that two
yachts — the Moruing Star and Ranger —
one with a party of ten and tue other with
a party of sixteen on board, had been met
by the Hermosa ana were under full head
way for the island. Twilight was deepen
ing into darkness when the two yachts ap
proached the island. Each lingered just
outside Avalon Bay for some time and
then a string of new boats were seen to
glide out from the shore manned, it was
afterward learned, by friends of the pi
rates, who were evidently in connivance
with them, and the Morning St;ir was
towed in the bay, where she cast anchor,
the Ranger remaining outside taking ob
servations.
Constable Cline and bis deputies, rein
forced by others in authority and a throng
of 3000 onlookers, gathered on the beach,
and the excitement became intense. A
rowboat shot shoreward from the Morning
Star. In it was the captain, J. T. Nevins,
and E. B. Fuller of Los Angeles, one of
the passengers. The captain asked to be
allowed to come ashore and get some pro
visions. A permit from the company was
written out and given him. Mr. Fuller
bought a ticket from the Wilmington
Transportation Company, pungling up
$2 25 therefor, and was also permitted to
land.
Under the advantage of darkness and
with the connivance of friends on shore
two women afterward succeeded in land
ing. They were promptly spotted by the
alert deputies and put under the watchful
eys of the authorities.
8o long as they remained on the public
highway they were unmolested, but later
in the evening the women undertook to
enter the pavilion, private property of the
Banning Company, to participate in the
dancing, and were promptly met at the
door by an officer of the company, who re
quested them to present their transporta
tion tickets before entering. This, of
course, they were unable to do, and were
therefore left in outer darkness.
The party on the Morning Star included
Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Fuller, Mr. and Mrs.
Julius Pease, Mr. and Mrs. U. R. Bowers,
the Misses Maxwell, all of Los Angeles;
Charles Anderson, deputy postoffice in
spector, and a man from San Francisco
whose name was resolutely withheld.
Mr. Fuller, when asked if transportation
fees were paid the captain of the yacht,
hesitated slightly and then replied: "We
are guests ot Captain Nevins."
Later it was learned that this was only
a ruse, as it was understood that a col
lection for the captain was to be taken up
on the return trip. Mr. Fuller's propo*
sition that they were guests and not paid
passengers, however, is overthrown by his
own action in paying the transportation
fee to the Wilmington Transportation
Company, for if they were merely a
pleasure party they would not fall under
the ban ot trespassers, as the point at
issue with the W T ilmington Transportation
Compauy is the competition in paid traffic
from outside parties.
All pleasure crait is warmly welcome
and such parties are extended the privi
leges of the island free of charge.
The beach was patrolled by officers all
night. So far as learned none of the
Rancer's passengers attempted to come
ashore and this morning both yachts re
turned to the main land. The presence of
a Deputy United States Postqffice In
spector on board the Morning Star is per
haps not without significance.
AUSTRALIA'S AFFLICTIONS.
Klightitiff Effect of the Coal Strike and
the Cattle Tick.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 5. — The
steamer Miowera brings mail advices to
June 10 from Australia, which state that
the big coal strike at Newcastle is still on.
The miners will not give in, though their
families are in a starving condition. The
difference between the owners and col
liers is sixpence per ton in hewing rates.
Dr. Hunt, Australia s famous scientist,
is on his way to America to consult with
Dr. Salmon, the eminent United States
specialist, as to the means of extermi
nating the tick pest in Australia. The
tick is now destioying entire herds of
cattle all over Australasia and is ten times
worse than the terrible rabit plague of re
cent years.
Eureka Pioneer Attempt* Suicide.
EUREKA, Cal., July s.— Shortly before
3 o'clock this morning officers were sum
moned to Jordabl's restaurant, where
they found a man with a bullet-hole in his
temple. He proved to be Chris Hyer, a
pioneer of Humboldt, but for a number of
years a resident of Trinity. Being unable
to obtain work Hyer became despondent
and securing a bulldog pistol determined
to end bis life. His condition is critical.
He prays to die, and declares that if he
gets well he will make better work of the
next attempt,
J-'irf Kiiildi'io* Burned at Taeotna.
TACOMA, Wash., July S.— A fire in the
rear of Webster's black3mitn-shop, 2151
Jefferson avenue, last night, destroyed
hve frame buildings between 2149 and 2155
Jefferson avenue. The water pressure was
low, and for a time the department made
little headway. One was a three- story and
the others four two-story buildings. The
structures were a mass of flames when the
department arrived. All the buildings
but the blacksmith-shop were vacant. The
origin of the fire was unknown. Loss,
$7000; insurance small.
FIRE AT PORTERVILLE.
Seven Bui/dings in the Business Section
of the Town Are De
stroyed.
PORTERVILLE, Cal.. July 5— A fire
broke out at 2:15 o'clock this morning in
the rear end of a building on Main street,
known as Chiuda's fruit exchange. Seven
buildings were destroyed before it could
be checked. The fire had made good head
way before it was discovered and the
wooden structures burned ranidly.
Several members of the Fire Depart
ment had gone to Bakersfield, being con
testants in the hose races there yesterday,
but citizens took hold and rendered all the
aid possible.
The losses were : Wilko Mentz, general
merchandise, on stock and building $8000,
no insurance; F. S. Putnam, on buildine
$300, covered by insurance ; McFarland &
Son, general merchandise, stock damaged
by water $500, covered by insurance;
Henry Traeger, building, $1000, insurance
$800; Checovich & Co., fruit, on stock
$1300, insurance $1000; Jean Sarthou,
on building $400, no insurance; George
Haines, saloon, on stock of liquor $600, no
insurance; A. B. Kirk, barber, $200, no in
surance; Fred Ackerman, on building $800,
insurance $600; P, Ting, bakery and res
taurant, $400, no insurance on stock and
furniture; W. P. Putnam, building, $400,
no insurance; John Zalud, saloon, on
stock of liquor $300, insurance $200. About
$500 damage was done to the Palace Hotel,
across the street, by fire and water.
SANTACRUZ SALMON RUN
Schools of Big Fellows That Test
the Muscle of the
Angler.
Weigh From Forty to Fifty Pounds
and Game Enough for Any
Sportsman
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., July s.— The sum
mer run of salmon is on, with good signs,
as the fishermen say, for a big one. The
fish themselves are big ones. In fact they
are too big for the commercial advantage
of the men who follow fishing for a living.
More than 100 salmon were taeen to-day
by less than a dozen boats and many of
them weighed close to fifty pounds each,
while the small ones run from eight to
ten pounds each.
The Fish Commissioners, who were
here during the Dig run in February, said
there would be another big run in June.
They were not far amiss. The salmon
were here, but the fishermen didn't care
anything about them. The c arnival vis
itors, who saw the Philadelphia and the
Monadnock, furnished easier revenue for
the fishing craft, and the firshermen knew
the salmon would wait. They knew, too,
that the sardines were coming closer in
and that the salmon would follow them.
Just after the warships were gone the
fishing-boats were obliged to sail several
miles seaward to make a catch that was
worth while, but tney were coming closer
every day, uptil they are now operating
in the old fishing "ground," within two
and a half miles of the wharf.
The catch of to-day was all taken within
that distance, and a major portion of them
within a mile and a halt. There are tons
and tons of sardines close in, so that there
is no scarcity of bait But the fishermen
are disturbed over the size of the fish.
Those big fellows that weigh forty or fifty
pounds are game enough, and the sports
men may have fun enough with them, but
they break the fishermen's rigging and
thus make their taking expensive, while
many of tnem get away. To-morrow they
will be prepared for them with bigger
hooks and stronger rigging.
The prize salmon caught by Dr. Drullard
and Captain West yesterday proved bigger
than they had guessed. The fish was put
on a scale and it marked' 56% ponnds, and
was the biggest salmon taken this year.
The sportsmen are now after the big* rish
for the pride of being counted the heaviest
hook.
FRASER RIVER RAMPANT.
Great Damage to Crops From the Overflow.
Settlers Are Moving to Higher
Ground.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July s.— Reports
from Fraser River districts say that the
river is steadily rising. At Chilliwack
considerable damage has been done
to crops on the outlying lands
and the steamer Gladys has been
busily engaged for the past few days in re
moving cattle and settlers' effects to
higher ground. Nicomen Island is also
suffering from high water, and all down
the river on both sides, wherever low levels
are not fully protected by high dykes,
much damage is being done.
Mission City townsite will probably be
under water in many parts if the high
water continues. The opinion is ex
pressed that if the water does not recede
very soon the loss will be considerable.
Word has just been received from West
minster that the water at high tide was
2 feet 8 inches below the mark reached
during the floods of 1894.
The steamer Gladys brines word that
Pumas is flooded and the water is up to
the banks at Chilliwack. At Langley the
water is level with the landing and at sev
eral other places it is over the wharves.
PIONEER'S FUNERAL.
Cmsar Piatti Is Ruried by the Italian
Benevolent Society.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July s.— The funeral of
Caesar Piatti, a prominent member of the
Italian colony in this city, was held this
afternoon from the hall of the Italian
Benevolent Society, of which organization
the deceased was a member. The funeral,
which was conducted by the society, was
largely attended.
Mr. Piatti came to California in 1850
and a few years later located in this
county. For a number of years he was
engaged in the commission business in
this city. He was a native of Milan,
Italy, and 70 years of age. A wife and
daughter survive him.
A Cftinenf Host Succumb* to Opium.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July s.— Wong Ah,
the boss of a gang of Chinese berry-pickers
on the Cropley ranch near Mil pitas, was
found in an unconscious condition in his
bunjc yesterday morning and died shortly
afterward. He was addicted to opium and
Jin inquest showed that death resulted
from an excessive use of the drug. Six
opium pipes, half a pound of opium and
$70 were lound in his cabin. His body was
shipped to San Francisco for interment.
ma Can His Own Garden Truck.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July s.— John R. Pyle,
who is largely engaged in vegetable gar
dening on the King road, about three
miles east of this city, has erected a can
nery on his place and will can most of his
garden products. He experimented by
canning some beans last year, and met
with such success that this year he will
can peas, beans, tomatoes and other vege
tables. The cannery will give employ
ment to a number of hands.
PILGRIMAGE OF
MYSTIC SHRINERS,
Knights and Their Ladies
on a Journey to
Alaska.
ALL SAX FRANCISCANS.
Interesting Programme Mapped
Out for the Pleasure-
Seekers.
WILL SAIL FROM SEATTLE.
Sitka, Wrangel, Juneau, Glacier Bay
and Other Icy Points to
Be Visited.
PORTLAND, Ob., July 5.— A party of
Mystic Shriners and their ladies, from San
Francisco en route to Alaska, passed
through Portland to-day, arriving on the
Southern Pacific overland. The party
consists of sixty-five people, and among
the number are the following: C. S. Bene
dict and wife, J. Z. Davis and wife. Colonel
C. Mason Kinne and wife, M. W. Belshaw
and wife, Dr. Wright and wife, George
Haas and wife, Dr. J. H. Hatch and wife,
J. Harry Scott and wife, O. H. Curtaz and
wife, E. P. Foster and wife, W. W.
Dutton and wife, W. Gruenhagen and
wife, Mrs. Ella A. Judson, Miss
Charlotte D. Judson, Miss Sophie
Pearl Judson, Miss Emily Willcox, Miss
Edith Bass, Mrs. Martin Jones, Mrs. John
Gillson, Mrs. E. G. Denniston, Mrs. J. C.
Smith, Miss Walker, Miss Alice K. Con
nelly, Miss C. L. Morton. Miss C. E. Beck
with, Mrs. George Spauiding, Mrs. C. H.
Mann, Miss Eva Hulse, Miss Lillian Field,
Mrs. Edna Field, Mrs. Will E. Fisher,
Miss R. Jennings, Miss Heppner, Miss
Haas, Bert Benedict, I. A. Willcox, Irving
Willcox Jr., F. H. Pitman, A. C. Billicke,
T. J. Bass Jr., J. H. Jennings, Chester
Judson, Fred Hink.
The committee on arrangements con
sists of J. Z. Davis, V. D. Duboce and C. S.
Benedict. The party will take the North
ern Pacific train to Seattle and will thence
proceed by the steamer Queen, making
stops at Sitka, Wrangel, Juneau, Glacier
Bay and other points. The excursionists
are upon pleasure bent, and those ac
quainted with the ways of the Knights
know that the trip will be a merry one.
They are from Golden Gate Commandery,
although the idea of arranging the trip
emanated from the shrine itself. On the
return from Alaska the party intends vis
iting Portland for a few days, taking in
the Cascades and other points of interest.
HOPING AGAINST HOPE.
Distinct Rappings Heard on the
Rails by Twin Shaft
Rescuers.
Bare Possibility That Some of the
Entombed Miners May Tet
Be Living.
WILKESBARRE, Pa.. July s.— There
is a bare possibility that some of the men
entombed in the Twin Shaft at Pittston
may be taken out alive. The rescuing
party which was at work from 10 o'clock
last night until 4 o'clock this morning on
coming to the surface reported to Mine
Foreman O'Brien that they bad heard
rapping on the rails of the ean;?way road,
which may have been caused by some of
the entombed men. The rappings were
clear and distinct, as though some one had
struck the rail with a hard substance. The
supposed signal was answered by the res
cuers in the same manner. After a short
silence the answer came back, clear and
distinct.
At 7 o'clock to-night the rescuers say
they are witbm 400 feet of the entombed
men. The shifts have been increased
from twenty to thirty-five, who are re
lieved every half hour. They are still
cutting through the rock and progressing
more rapidly than at any time heretofore
since the work commenced.
Through the orders of General Superin
tendent Law. several skillful men were
quietly sent into the shaft this afternoon
to verify, if possible, the hopeful story of
the rappings. After prolonged efforts and
the use of every method of signaling pos
sible they came back to-night with a re
port of failure, not the least bit of noise
indicating that their labor in this direction
had been successful.
The work of the three mine inspectors
to investigate the disaster will begin to
morrow morning.
BELGIAN ELECTIONS.
Triangular Contests for Seats in the
Chamber of Deputies.
BRUSSELS, Beloium, July s.— Elections
were held to-day for members of the
Chamber of Deputies to fill the vacancies
caused by the withdrawal under the con-
stitution of one-half of the members of
the house, whose terms of office had ex
pired. Ihe final results are as yet un
j known, complete returns not being at
hand. The figures received show that in
eighteen districts in Brussels and eleven
in Antwerp re-ballots will be required,
owing to triangular contests between Lib*
erals, Catholics and Socialists.
Sunday Hunt-ball East.
CHICAGO, 111., July s— Score: Chicagos— 7,
13,5; Louisville s—ti, 8, 5. Batteries—Thorn
ton, Friend, Dailev and Kittridge; Hill and
Dexter. Umpire — Keefe.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 5. -Score: Cincin
natis—7, 9, O; St. Louis— O, 5, 4. Batteries-
Fisher and Vaughn; Kissinger and Murphy.
Umpires— Dwyer and McFarland.
NEW TO-DAT.
Take No Substitute :
Gail Borden
Eagle Brand
'• m CONDENSED* BUK '•
Has always stood FIRST in the estima-
; ;-■ tion of the American People. No other is :
"just as good." Best Infant Food. .-..- '
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION
SUNBURN
34
BARBECUE DAY
AT MONTEREY,
A Multitude Feasts at an
Old-Fashioned Mex
ican Picnic.
A PICTURESQUE SCENE.
Gayly Dressed Senoritas Mingle
With the Soldiers and
Marines.
SAVORY ODORS FILL THE WOODS
Five Thousand People Feed While
Mirth and Music Float Through
the Air.
MONTEREY, Cat.., July s.— The second
day of the celebration of Monterey's cen
tennial has been a most interesting one.
There was nothing on the programme un
til after churcn hours, but noon found
nearly all of the population of the quaint
old town in the pineß back of the Govern
ment reservation taking part in a real old
fashioned Mexican picnic.
The principal feature of the picnic was
the barbecue, and a most successful one
it proved. For this part of the entertain
ment expert cooks had been brought from
a distance and at midnight last night had
begun their preparations for the banquet.
r The trenches had been dug beforehand,
but the cooks built fires iv them of se
lected wood. As one load of fuel burnsd
down another was piled on, until by 10
o'clock this morning each trench was
filled with a bed of live coals that emitted
heat, but no smoke.
By 11 o'clock the picknicker3 began to
arrive. Tbe meat was piled onto a wire
crating laid over the fire. As the meat be
gau to cook the fragrant pine forest was
iilJed with savory odors and a pale blue
smoke ascended heavenward. Under some
of the largest trees long tables had been
built and provided wiih plates for many
thousands of people. Everybody helped
themselves and took their favorite cuts of
tender meat.
When the feast was at its height it
formed a pretty picture. The bright
dresses of the senoritas and the uniforms
of the boys in blue moving gently in the
sunlight, and thrown into strong relief
against the dark shadows of the pines, was
a scene to delight an artist The feast con
sumed several hours, and during t bat time
nearly 5000 people were fed. There was
music and dancing and the woods rang
with laughter, and not until the evening
shadows fell did the merry-makers leave
the scene.
At one time some of the masculine
feasters became hilarious and threw fruit
and meat at one another. They were not
very bad natured, however, and no great
damage was done.
Tne men-of-war shared tne honors to
day with otber points of interest and at
tracted thousands from the barbecue.
Large delegations came to town from
Salinas, Hollister, Pacific Grove and the
whole surrounding country, swelling tne
crowds on tha streets to unprecedented
proportions. Bicycle clubs mingled with
uniformed fire companies of different
■towns, and the visitors were all resplen
dent with distinctive badges. Every one
on the streets wore one or more jubilee
badges, while many carried tiny photo
graphs of Commodore Sloat, or souvenir
badges made of shells of Monterey and
enameled pictures of the Mexican Custom
house. These, with bows of tri-colored rib-
Jjon for personal decorations, and the lav-
ish profusion of bunting and National
flags, gave Monterey a brilliant gala ap
pearance.
But the bay was tempting; so were the
■white ships, and all day long strings of
boats plied between the wharf and the
men-of-war, carrying crowd after crowd
over the water.
Ex-Governor Paeheco met Jacob R.
Leese, and they talked over old times, so
Did that '49 is new in comparison. They
Bpoke about the first house in San Fran
cisco, built by Mr. Leese's father in 1837,
and of later days in Monterey, long before
the American flag was hoisted. A pioneer
of '49was in the group, and mentioned in
cidents now historical.
"JJut'that was so long after," remarked
Paeheco good naturedly, "that it is mod
ern, and I'm a pretty healthy boy yet."
In the afternoon there was a Yonng
Men's Christian Association meeting in
the pavilion. J. L. Speares, State secre
tary, and 11. J. McCoy, general secretary,
and others, spoke on association work. It
THE PICNIC UNDER THE PINES NEAR MONTEREY,
was an enthusiastic meetipg of some of the
best element in the local community.
There was a really enjoyable dance in
the pavilion at nicht. Large crowds at
■ tended and enjoyed the fun, and the sol
; diers and sailors were present in force and
1 danced with tne pretty girls of Monterey.
The San Joaquin Association of the Vet
' erans oi the Mexican War will arrive Mon
| day evening under command of WiHiam
i Murray.
NOT ON THE PROGRAMME.
An Amateur Borer Succeeds in Getting
Vp a Real Battle.
MONTEREY, Cal., July 6.— Early this
morning when the sailors and soldiers
were over- jolly, a visitor from Pacific
Grove became entangled with one of the
bluejacuet9. One word followed another,
when presently tbe sailor reeled under a
blow. Jack was plucky and jumped up
like a flash at his enemy. He got tbe best
of the fight, at which the citizen's friends
took a band in the row. There happened
to be about 200 or 800 of Uncle' Sam's
men or\ the ground, and immediately they
banded themselves together and drove
back the attacking party. Numbers in
creased in tbe opposition so that the citi
| zens baa a strong mob, but the sailors
I knew their business and with the soldiers
they won a battle which was not on the
: hill. Some cut heads and bruised faces
j were the result, as the arms' an d navy was
■ overpowering and did not wish to carry
j the fight farther than a comparatively
peaceful victory.
The figbt was brought about by an
{ amateur boxer boasting he could "do"
• any Sharkey the sailors had on board
' their ships. It started in a saloon on Al
varado street and «rorked out into tbe
street. By this time the mob had grown
i to very large proportions and met the
blue jackets face to face.
It was then after midnight and only
rioters and carnival celebrators were out of
doors. Still they formed a pretty strong
regiment and both sides fought with de
termination. Almost from the beginning
the sailors and soldiers had the mastery
and slowly they forced the mob backward,
fighting every inch of the way with their
lists. It was such a manly display that
the officers said, "Let them fight it out."
So the battle continued until the mob
bad been driven backward about a block
over what afterward proved to be a bloody
street. The chief special policeman was
twirled about like a baton in the hands of
a drum-major, and his best suit of clothe?
was ruined. The officers could only look
on until the battle was over.
FETERANS AT TENTURA.
Impressive finbbath Services at Camp
rhil Sheridan.
VENTURA. Cal.. July s.— Memorial
Sunday was strictly observed at Camp
Phil-Sheridan, Key. Will Knighton, chap
lain of the association, preaching the me
morial sermon.
The services were more than ordinarily
impressive, a marked feature of special in
terest being the reading of tbe roll of
honor composed of those members of the
association who answered the last muster
call since the encampment of 1895. As
each name was called the drummer beat
three taps on & muffled drum : when the
last name was reached the bugle sounded
taps and the vacant chairs were decorated
with floral wreaths by members of the Sons
of Veterans ana the Ladies' Aid Society.
The music furnished by the Pomona
Quartet and Veterans' Fife and Drum
Corp3, made up of original selections, was
especially interesting and added to the
impressiveness of the ceremonies, which
were largely attended by citizens end vet
erans.
This evening General C. F. A. Last, N.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 6, 1896.
G. C. and staff left for Los Angeles, hav
ing been the guests of honor of Camp Phil
Sheridan since Friday. They were wined
and dined by the citizens' committee to
day, in addition to being driven over the
line of the proposed Ojai road.
Tbis evening Superior Judge Buckles of
Solano County arrived and was escorted
to the camp by Commander Downing,
Captain Tom Laycock and Colonel John
B. Brooker. He will be the guest of houor
to- morrow (Monday), which will be cele
brated as Hueneme day, an excursion to
that place being the special order of the
day.
Wednesday will be observed by the
members of the Ladies' Aid Society, aux
iliary to the Sons of Veterans. A concert
by Spanish guitar and mandolin players
will be the feature of the ceremonies.
The city is still crowded with visitors,
each incoming train adding to the crowd
already here.
A rr. VJtX'S CELEBRATION.
A Home Affair Marred by the Accidental
Killing of a Boy.
AUBURN, Cal., July s.— Auburn cele
brated the Fourth in the usual manner,
with literary exercises, racing, horribles
and a grand open-air dance on the plaza.
General Jo Hamilton acted as president
of the day and Hon. John M. Fulweiler
delivered the oration. The Declaration of
Independence was read by B. B. Deming.
It was simply a town affair, there being
big celebrations at Dutch Flat, Rocklin,
Lincoln and other towns throughout tbe
county.
The pleasure was somewhat marred by
George K.itts, a seven-year-old boy, being
run over by a buggy and killed.
Auburn furnished orators for other part 3
of the county as follows: Judge Prewett
at Dutch Flat, District Attorney Cham
berlain at Lincoln and School Superin
tendent Smith at Rocklin.
YALE'S CREW AT HENLEY
i Taking a Rest Before the Great
Trial Contest To-
Morrow.
Odds of Three to Two Against the
Americans Winning Are
Sought For.
HENLEY-ON-THAMES, Enq., July 5.—
The weather to-day was clear and very
warm, but so far as known the heat has
bad no appreciable effect on the members
of the Yale crew, who are all well.
No woik was done by the Americans
to-uay. all the men resting after their
week's practice, and nothing unusual oc
curring they will go to the starting line as
fit as any crew who start in tbe race for
tbe Grand Challenge cup, in tbe first trial
heat of which on Tuesday the Leander
and Yale crews will contest against each
other.
There has been no betting of note on
the event. Some Yale men are willing to
take odds of 3 to 2 against the Americans
winning.
The preliminary work of the crew has
been practically finished, and the men say
that to-morrow they will only do a little
light work to keep themselves in shape for
tbe strain of Tuesday.
Many visitors arrived to-day, and the
usual fashionable Henley crowd will be
present to witness the racing.
BASE HITS IN
BIG BUNCHES,
Oakland Ballplayers Out
batted the San Jose
Men.
DONAHUE'S DECISIONS.
The Umpire Gave the Garden
City Representatives a
Harsh DeaL
FEKRV3 FOUL MISFORTUNES.
A Good Baseball Game Bofore a Gooi
Crowd at the Folsom-Street
Grounds.
There was a rattling good game of ball
at the Folsom-street grounds yesterday
afternoon, despite, the fact that the score
was very one-sided. Both teams put up
an extra fine fielding game, but the Oak
lands easily outbatted the San Joses. The
latter is about a3 light-weight an organi
zation as has been seen here for a long
time. With the addition of a trio of heavy
hitters they would, however, compare
favorably with any team in the league.
Steffiani, the Garden City twirler, has
excellent control of the ball and is a fairly
good pitcher, but as a fielder- he is not up
to much. As a batter he is a rank failure.
Out of four chances at bat he struck out
three times. G. Foley, the San Jose third
baseman, tied Stefflam's poor record.
Doyle's excellent pitching had much to
do with the poor stick work of the South-,
erners, but it is doubtful if they could
have beaten the Oaklands, no matter how
hard they hit, .for Umpire Donahue was
manifestly prejudiced against them.
Donahue is a poor umpire, if his work of
yesterday is a fair sample. His judgment
as to balls and strikes was particularly
bad. Then he called McCarthy safe at the
plate in the last inning when that player
did not come within three feet of touch
ing the rubber.
Oakland was first at bat, and at once be
gan the run-getting. After Zann had been
retired, Ilanley hit safely, went to third
on a wild pitch and scored on Scott's long
fly to center. -VBlockers" tallied another
in the third on his second single, a stolen
base and Scott's safe drive to right. * ;
In the fifth, hits by Doyle, Hanley, Til
son and Leonard, aided by the San Jose's
only error, resulted in making Oakland's
total five.
The Garden City men gained their only
runs in the seventh. Robinson led- off
with a hit to left field. Ferry flew out.
Graham his base on balls and Foley
forced, him at .second, which base Foley
subsequently stole. Percisa scored both
Robinson and Graham by hitting safely to
left field. Steffiani retired the side by
striking out.
Tuere was no more run getting until the
ninth inning, although in the eighth San
i Jose was robbed of a run by Ferry's over
anxiety. Ferry was. first at bat in this
inning and sent three long fouls along the
third baseline, any one. of which, it fair,
would have been a .two-bagger. ■'; In one
instance he was particularly unfortunate,
for the wind carried the ball quite a dis
tance and landed it only a few inches out
side the line. Ferry finally sent a slow
grounder to third. Brown fumbled it and
Ferry tried to make second on . the play,
but was thrown out. Graham, the next
man up, sent a -long fly into middle
garden on which he easily got two bases
and' on which Ferry, could have readily
scored from first. . >.
; In the last inning the Oaklands warmed
to their work, and, aided by Donahue's
poor decision, piled up six runs.' Hanley
got a base on bulls after Zann had fanned
out Scott followed with a double," scoring
Hanley. Brown struck out. Tilson and
Leonard then hit. safely and Scott came
home. Delmas took first for being hit by
a pitched ball. McCarthy waited for four
bad ones and the bases were tilled. ;. Doyle
and Zann singled, Tilson, Leonard, Del
mas ana McCarthy scoring. Leonard
should have been called out at the plate,
which would have retired the side with
four runs.' Hanley ended the agony by a
fly to left field. /
The San Joses went out in order in their
half of the final inning. Score:
Oaki.axds. A. IS. K. 18. 8.8. P.O. A. X.
Zaun, 1. f. ..6 0 1 0 •_• 0 U
Hanley, ib 4 4 3 0 I*l
Scott, c 0 2 a 0 10 1 0
Brown, 3b 4 0 0 0 it 2 1
Tilson, 8. a 5 13 0 110
.Leonard, 1b 5 13 19 10
.Delmas, r. f ........ 4 13 0 10 0
McCarthy, c. f 4 1 v 0 1 0 0
Doyle, p 6 18 0 0 4 0
Totals- U 11 17 1 27 11 a
! tAU JOSKS. A.B. R. 18. S.K. P.O. A. K.
McUuckin, 2b 4 0 10 3 6 0
Robinson, c. f 3 1 1 O 3 0 0
Ferry, lb 4 O 1 « 13 O 1
Graham, c 2 0 10 4 2 0
, Folev, s. s 4 1 O 1 8 'J 0
rtrdsH, 1. f 4 O 2 1 110
Stetlluiii.p 4 0 U 0 0 1 0
(i. l-ol.y, 3b 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
! Droghlcevica, r. f. .. 3 0 0 1 O 1 0
Totals 32 •_• t; 3 87 16 1
SCORK BY IXNI2JGS.
Ottklands 1 0 10 3 0 0 0 6—ll
Kan Josca 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0— 2
; Earned runs— Oaklands 4, San Joses 1. Two
base hits— Uraham. Hcott, Delmas. Double play—
i Foley to Ferry. Buses on bailn— Off I)ovle 4, off
Hteffiani 4. ntruck out— By Doyle 10, by Ktefflaul
6. Passed ball— S«HJtt. Wild pitrh— SieffianL Hit
by pitcher— Delmas. Umpire— Donahue.
A PRETTY CONTEST.
The Imperials Defeated the Pacifies
at Presidio Athletic Park.
About 600 people witnessed a pretty con
test at Presidio Athletic Park yesterday,
in whicn the Imperials defeated the Paci
fies by a score of 9 to 7.
Pitcher McCarthy was on hand to offi
ciate in tbe box for the PaciGcs, but Kelly
of the Imperials regained his old form and
held down his opponents in great style.
Not a run was scored on either side until
the third inning, when the Imperial?
bunched four hits and got three men
around. The Pacifies, however, got two
runs in their hall of the third, added two
more in the fourth, and apparently
clinched the game by culling an addi
tional three in the sixth.
Tbe Imperials, however, then got on
their mettle and piled up five tallies in the
seventh and eighth. To put a clincher on
the game they added another in the final
inning.
Kelly and McCarthy fielded their posi
tions excellently, and Monahan made the
star play of the game in the fifth, when he
captured a high liner from Kelly's bat.
McDermott made a great one-hand catch
in the seventh. Bcore :
•*R. R. 3b. S.B. P.O. A. K.
Montitian. m. s. 4 U 1 0 3 2 1
flpekett.2b 4 o 2 1 2 8 a
Wiids, lb 4, o i o 10 (» »
CosKiove. 3 b 6 0 0 U 1 3 0
Mcl>tTino:t, l.f A O 3 1 2 0 1
Strel. c. t 4 10 0 0 0 1
McCarthy, p 6 2 3 0 12 0
Manilield. r. f 4 2 10 10 1
flammouic ft 2 2 1 7 6 0
Total* 39 7 13 *3 27 16 ~8
Imperials. a.b. b. Ib. b.b. f.o. a. r.
Horr.l. i 5 a 0 »> 3 O 6
Neaton, 8 b 8 12 0 2 3 1
Bits*, 1 D 6 12 0 7 2 1
Oreen, c 5 2 2 0 4 3 1
Creamer, 2d t> 5 1 4 o ft 3 0
Keller, p. 5 0 1 1 1 •■* 0
Crowley, c.f.; 4 12:2.1 00
Barnett. 5.5.... 5 0 0 0 '3 4 . 3
Long, r. f 4 1 1 0 0 0;. J 0
Totals .......43 9 14 ~X 26* 19' 6
SCORE BY INNINGS.
Imperial* 0030 023 I—9
Pacifies ..0 0 2.8 0 3 0 0 o—7
- Earned runs— Pacifies 1, Imperials S. Three
base hits— Mansfield. Two-base hits— McCarthy,
Hammond, Green, Crowley (2). Sacrifice hits—
Nealon, Long.- First base on errors— Pacifies 3,
Imperials 5. First base on called balls— Pacifies 4,
Imperials 1. Left on bases— Pacifies 11, Imperials
7. struck out— By Kelley 3. by McCarthy 9. Hit
by pitcher— Mansfield, Monohan. .Double plays-
McCarthy to Wilds, Creamer to Bliss, Barnett to
Creamer. Passed balls— Hammond 2. Time of
game— l hour 40 minutes. Umpire— Gagus.
.McCarthy out on muffed Infield fly.
SAN JOSE TEAM.
Manager Logan Has Procured a
List of New Players.
James M. Logan, agent for A. S. Blake,
was appointed manager of the San Jose
league team. He regretted that the team
did not win the laurels at yesterday's
game, but be desires to state that up
on July 12 another contest can be
looked for in this city, and, as he has
changed the batting order, an interesting
game can be expected. Following are the
names of the new olayers:
J. H. Carr, G. Ferbos, J. Hayes, James
Kent, E. L. Macabee, E. J. Stapleton and
Joe McGuckin, formerly of the Portland
league.
The "Calls" "Won.
The Call Baseball Club were to have
played a game with the Examiner team
yesterday afternoon, but as the Examiners
did not sbow up they played the Lincolns
instead, and won by a score of 6to 1. The
feature of tbe game was the home run
made by Brandon of the Calls.
The Call Club would like to hear of any
amateur nine desiring a game.
I'aciftc Cricket Club's Walkover.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July s.— The Pacific
Cricket Club of San Francisco easily de
feated the San Jose Cricket Club at the
Garden City Cycler's Part this afternoon
by a score of 188 to 67 runs. When the
game was called at 6 o'clocn only eight of
the Pacific club's men were out.
Tbe feature of the game was the batting
of Wiseman end Dickinson of the Pacifies.
live-Mile Handicap Road Race.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July s.— The five-mile
handicap road race of tbe Franklin Club
was won by T. Lcne, with 5 seconds hand
icap, in 14:14 2-5. C.Dable(lO) was second.
Other riders and handicaps were: M.
Krimes, 50; F. Butler, 50; F. Brown, 45.
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
Wayfarer Won the Final of the
Stake Begun on the Fourth.
Th<* coursing stake begun at Ingleside
on tb i fourth was finished yesterday, Way
farer winning in the final after a hot run
with Queen B.
The first ties resulted as follows:
Laurelwood beat Flashlight, Bam beat Spin
away, Eldridge beat Kky Ball, Bill Nye beat
Captain Jim, Sam Victor beut Whip, Way
farer beat Lissak, Queen B beat Magnet,
Bunol beat Susie.
Second ties — Laurelwood beat Bam, Eld
ridge beat Bill Nye, Queen B beat Sam Victor,
Wayfarer beat Sunol.
Third ties — Wayfarer beat Laurelwood,
Queen B beat Eldridge. '
Final— Wayfarer beat Queen B.
A consolation stake was then decided,
the run-down resulting as foilows:
Sunol beat Dublin Stout, Valley Maid beat
Stella B, Governor Jim beat Crap, Susie beat
Sly Boy, Lissalc beat Belle Locke, Kellance beat
BUI Nye, Sky Ball beat May Belle, Royal Stag
beat Sallie McClellan, Uncle Sam beat Monitor,
Spinaway beat Climax, Sam Victor beat Happy-
Jack, Whip Jr. beat Red. Rover, Electric beat
Ke^ent, Belmont beat Riiey Grannan.
First ties— Valley Maid beat Sunol, Susie beat
Governor Jim, Lissak beat Uncle Sam, Spin
away beat Reliance. Sky Ball beat Royal Stag,
Sam Victor beat Whip, Electra beat Belmont.
Second ties— Valley Maid beat Susie. Spin
away beat Lissak, Sky Ball beat Bam Victor.
Electric a bye.
Third ties— Sky Ball beat Valley Maid, Spin
away beat Electric.
Fl'ial— Sky Ball beat Spiuaway.
On Sunday next a stake at $1 50 entrance
will be run, tbe day being given over as a
benefit to Ed Cauavan, the well-known
judge.
His popularity insures a big crowd of
followers of the leash and a good day's
sport is expected.
OPERA SUNG IN ITALIAN,
"Crispino c la Comare" Is
Given at tbe Standard
Theater.
A Work in Which Several Local
Performers Distinguished Them
selves.
A well-known Italian opera, "Crlspino
ela Coraare," was rendered last night at
the Standard Theater by a company of local
Italian performers, headed by G. Panizza.
There was a good audience present and
tbe singers were greeted with frequent ap
plause.
The opera is one of the old school, with
plenty of melody, and, like all the old
operas, it gives the performers plenty of
opportunities for displaying vocal agility.
Mrs. Flora Peterman, the prima donna,
was a stranger to most of tbe audience,
and it was very evident from her acting
that siie was unused to appearing on the
stage, but the way in which she took ad
vantage of her vocal opportunities won
her the warmest applause. She has a
sweet, flexible voice of the soprano-leg
giero order^which. in its flute-like quality,
recalls Emma Nevada's. Mrs. Peterman
has not at present the training and expe
rience of a prima donna, but she showed
last night that the possibilities are there,
and when she shook off her nervousness
and lost some of her tremolo her singing
nai very charming.
G. Panizza, the Crispino of the cast, is
well known here as an excellent artist.
Last night he was the mainstay of tbe
whole performance. He sang and acted
his own part with all the verve and finish
of the experienced opera singer that he is.
He also appeared to know everyone else's
role as well as his own, for when a ner
voua amateur hesitated for want of a word
or a musical phrase Panizza always came
to the rescue before he was lost, and in one
or two cases he took up a lost thread of
dialogue with such ready wit that the
bouse laughed and applauded.
The story of "Crispino c la Comare"
tells bow a poor Venetian cobbler was
befriended by a sort of fairy godmother.
With her assistance he was enabled to pose
most successfully as a great doctor, for
whenever the patient was going to die the
fairy godmother appeared, and when she
stayed away Crispino could safely predict
recovery. After subduine the opposition
of tne learned doctors, whose diagnoses he
proved to be wrong, Crispino finally fell
from his successful position through his
wife, who grew jealous of the fair}*, and for
the sake of domestic peace be foreswore
the "Comare" and returned to his cob
bler's bench.
As Fabrizio, a despotic doctor, who
finally bowed to Crispmo's wisdom, G.
Almagia sang and acted excellently. He
was one of the performers who was per
fectly at ease on the stage and who made
the most of his part. G. Bertino did good
work as a Tuscan nobleman and the other
parts were satisfactorily taken by G. Di-
Grazia, A. Grella, A. Biagi, F. Danieie and
Lilly Douglass.
The male chorus did vpry efficient work.
Among those comprising it were: G. Mac
cagno, A. Garbini, J. CaDrile, V. Franchi,
F. Danieie. G. Bianchi, G. Castiglioni, A.
Grella, A. D. Blua, A. Biagi, F. Frances
chini, M. Delia Valle, T. Mino, G. Vai.
Bignor G. Martinez contributed a good
deal to the success of tha performance by
his intelligent conducting.
GOOD SHOOTING
ACROSS THE BAY,
Close of the Tournafient
Shoot at Alameda
Point.
INCREASED ATTENDANCE
Six Open Matches in Which a
Great Many Contestants
Entered.
PROTEST IN THE CLUB SHOOT.
Although tbe Stocktons Tied the Re*
liance Team, They Received
No Money.
The attendance* at the second day's
shooting at the Pacific Tournament Asso
ciation opening shoot on their new
grounds at Alameda Point yesterday was
consideiably larger than on Saturday. The
shooting was good, the work of Clarence
Naumahn, who made such a good record
at Saturday's shoot, being especially good.
The only trouble during the day arose
over the division of money in the club
shoot. The Reliance Club and the Stock
ton Athletic Club teams tied at 121 points,
but a protest was made against awarding
half the money to the Stockton team on
the ground that the team was not com
posed of Stockton men, but had been
picked on the grounds yesterday. A meet
ing of the officers of the association had to
be called to settle the difficulty, which was
finally ended by the Stockton team with
drawing its entrance money and the event
being awarded to the Reliance Club, Lin
coln Club taking second money.
The events of yesterday's shoot were:
Event No. I—lo birds, entrance 50 cents,
four moneys.
Event No. 2—15 birds, entrance 75 cents,
six moneys, $10 added.
Event No. 3—15 birds, entrance 75 cents,
six moneys. $10 added.
Event No. 4—20 birds, entrance SI. eight
moneys. $20 added.
Event No. 5—15 birds, entrance 75 cents,
six moneys, $15 added.
Event No. 6—20 birds, entrance $1, eight
moneys, $20 added. b
Club team event, twelve men.
Event No. 7—15 birds, entrance 75 cents,
two moneys, $75 added. V
Following is a tabulated score of the six
open events: 3
* To 'n ie « • *..... 8ii1216 li 15
{"d<l" d<l 4 10 8 14 10 15
Jy'V;; • •■•• 8 1110 12 612
"; W. Kalph. *11 11 19 8 16
W. A. rroctor 8 10 11 16 IS 13
Chestnut 810 7 14 lx 12
C.H. Shaw 9 9 12 14 12 IS
Iransen 10 8 912 12 15
Murdock. 9 li 12 15 12 15
P a , vid «- 2 7 6 10 2 11
f-chaefer. 9 U 7IS 911
*f ars 6 11 la 14 10 17
015 en....... .-. 7 12 12 12 11 12
Lake... ........;........... 6 12 910 816
Installs ........;.... 5 12 17 154.11
Trombone. . 4 16 12 16 13 16
1>hrke. ....,,.., ................. 6 10 10 12 11 11
Fisher 5 12 11 is 10 13
J. C. Baker 4 9 1115 611
Fllcklnger. 5 12 12 16 13 16
Coffin 8 9 12 11 617
Herdenberg 8 7 1117 9 15
Acdruse... 9 11 14 16 11 13
a Fendner 8 8 10 14 10 18
A. J. Webb 8 12 13 15 13 18 !
Naamann 10 12 14 19 14 17 I
A. Whitney ....... 7 9 12 12 13 15
J.Oolcher 8 11 141311 15
F. Fendner.... ...: .. 9 10 18 19 13 13 '
C. A. Haigbt 10 12 10 14 12 14 |
F. Vernon 811 8 12 6 9
Justins. 3 7 10 IS 8 17
H. Vernon 7 9 7 14 613
Owens 5 9 614 913
Merrill 811 9 14 1216
Roberts.  4 4 7 4 4, 16
Daniels.... .....8 9
Williams 5 12
Kleversahl 6 11' 9
Call ; 9 8 9 16 11 12
Bruns ;.... 712 8 18 12 16
Whitney 4 9 11
McCutchen 8 9 12 12 15
Clabroogh 8 8 6 13
Anderson. 12 7 13 14
Winders 8 14 14 13 13
DePue. .;... 9 9IS
Jarvet . 10 12
Kerrison • 12
Becitart 9 IS 10
H. C. Golcher ..- g 10 14
Johnson :.:..........' . 8
Y0nnu.....; .......'. 10 15
Harrison ......' . 7 11
W. Berry .. v 6
The following scores were made in the
team shoot, in which five teams of twelve
men each participated :
OLYMPIC CLUB.
O. Fendner........ :... 10 Haigbt..'.. . 12
Webb....... ..13 H.C. Golcher ........ 6
Naumann ............. 14 H. Vernon 10
A. H. Whitney 6 .Justin* 10
W. J. Golcher 11 Beckart.... 8
F. Fendner ..13 F. Vernon 5
Total 118
BKLIAKCE CLUB.
Baker.... 13 Lake 12
Johnson....; .". 9 Williams' 9
Kobbins 10 McCutchen .'..'. 9
McArthnr 6 Trombone. 9
Coffin 10 Jndd 12
015 en...... 13 Ingallg.-.. .............. 9
Total 12T
LINCOLN' CLUB.
Bruns. 8 C»te :....-. 9
Barney 11 Franzen 1.... 6
Kearney 11 Shaw ' •1 J
Robertson.... :. 12 Murdoch.... **** vi
Fllckinger. 11 Foster. '.'.'.'.". " ■* i oi o
Daniels 9 Wensell *" 9
T0ta1....:...::..... '...';." us
BTOCKTOX ATHLETIC CLUB.
Barker 11 Holmes.... ' 14
Merri11 ......;. 16 Davis.  " 9
Winders 11 Chestnut '" iS
Ra1ph:....;...... VI Randall " " «
Proctor 6' D0111ver.... ....*-""*' %
Schaefer... 8 Mcßae..... .".'.*.]." 10
Total .'..:.'...' 121 !
T.UfIRF. GUN CLUB. ' ' ! ~^V '
De Pue 10 Newton...... . 10
Lehrfce. :........ 8 Andrase """in
C. Fisher .;.. 9 Billlnjnon "**" IS
Young... 9 Andersen....... ""■'■ a
King...... ...11 Sears .* 2
Quintan.. v .: 9 O. Fisher *!* 10
T0ta1A............ ............... ......Hi
The winnings of the various contestants
are shown in the following table:
Franzen....... $1 15 O. B her ..... 265
Nauniann ..... 960 Fllckinger.... 315
Haight... .:.... 300 Anderson 4«o
Shaw ... 285 Williams 40
Mnrdock. 415 Ra1ph...;..... 5"
Schaeffer...... .2 46 Hears 340
Audruse ...... 355 F. Fendner... 70
F. Fendner.... 645 Kleveisahl. .. -40
fate ...... -3 05 Judd.; 2 20,
Holmes li 8U Lehrke 255
Proctor ...; 840 Kerrison ...... bo
Chestnut..... 225 8aker......... 291 -
Coffin ......... 255 Owens ........ ' 190
Heidelberg.... 5 62«. Whitney...... 65
O. Fendner.... 6 92v£ Franeen....... 2H5
Webb.... .;.;.. 8 97^ Winners 3 hfl
W. T. Golcher 380 Clabrongh.... s"
F. Vernon....; 575 Roberts....... on
Merri11........ 300 Jus ins... 275
Danie1*........ ' 80 Beckart....... 75
McCutchen... 130 • H. c. Golcher 525 •
King.... 175 Young 115
Olspn... ... 225 De Pue..-....;; 120
E. H. Whitney 100 J«vet ...!.!. 45
H. Vernon.... 135 Reliance Club 50 40
8run5......... 890 Lincoln Club.. 33 60
Trombone..... 870 ■ -.- °
....175- Total 241 60
1nga115 ........ 5 02 Va - ""»'~ w
At Shell Mound.
It was an off day at the Bhell Mound
shooting range yesterday, the only inter
esting event being the monthly medal con
test of the shooting section of the
Deatsher Krieger Verein. The winners
and their scores were as follows:
Champion class-C. Weggermann, 329 rings;
first class, Biergel, 278; second class.|C.
Adams, 263; third class, C. Miecnel, 2d4;
first best shot, Hetzel 25; last best snot,
Hetzel 22; moat bullseyes, D. Oeltjen.
The Alta Gun Club.
The regular weekly shoot of the Alta
Gun Club was held yesterday at the Seven
mile House. Tbe match was on twenty
five bluerocKs, known traps, known angles.
Tbe following breaks were made:
Buss 16, Holden 17, Noonan 8, Schulken
7, Dwyer 10, Cull 21, Wolpert 17, Pear-
After the bluerock match the club
turned loose its guns on live pigeons, ten
to each man. Tbe following: dead birds
were recorded: Holden 5, Cull 6, Noonan
7, Schulken 4, Buss 5, Pearson 10, Dwyer
5, Wolpert 5;
M ARINES FOR PUGET NOUND
Important Visit of a Jfaval Officer to th«
Coast.
SEATTLE, Wash.. July s.— Major
George C. Reid, U. S. N., Adjutant In
spector of tbe Marine Corps, arrived at
Seattle to-night via the Canadian Pacific
from Washington city.
Hia trip West is of a great deal of im
portance to the Pacific Coast, especially
Puget Sound. After making a hurried
visit to the Government marine sta
tion at Sitka, Alaska, for which
place he goes to-morrow on the
steamship Queen, Major Reid will return
here and make a formal inspection of the
Puget Sound naval station at Port Or
chard, where be will locate a garrison of
100 marines. This done the inspector
will proceed to San Francisco and make
bis annual inspection of the garrison at
Mare Island.
"I regard the Puget Sound naval station
as of great importance," Major Reid said
in discussing the question of coast de
fense, "as it is the only one on the Pacific
coast between San Francisco and SjtKa,
being also on the border of the British
possessions. It should really have 300 ma
rines from the very start.
"The question of the coast defenses,'
the Major continued, "is one of vital im
portance, and the Pacific Coast is fortunate
in having so able and earnest an advocate
of such matters as United States Senator
Squire at the head of tbe Committee on
Coast Defenses.
"The running appropriation, involving
nearly $80,000,000, part of which is now
available for coast-defense purposes, was
secured mainly through the efforts of Sen
ator Squire."
Major Reid said the Government is con
sidering the advisability of establishing
an army post in Alaska, possiDly on tba
Yukon. It i 3 the intention of the in
spector to have 100 marines, all of -whom
will be taken from Eastern stations,
transferred to the Puget Sound station as
soon as he returns East.
LOS ANGELES LEVANTER,
Fred Bennion, a Life Insurance
Man, Leaves for Lower Cali
fornia.
An Accomplished Wife and Many
Creditors Are Anxious as to His
Welfare.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July s.— Fred
Bennion, well known among life insurance
men of this city and San Francisco, has
found it convenient to fold his tent and
steal silently away to Lower California,
where friendly extradition lawa will never
more permit his creditors to molest or
make him afraid.
Bennion is an Englishman of speedy
habits"and an exceedingly oily tongue.
He has been known here for some months
as the "Lightning Life Insurance Agent."
H. E. Maxson of the Mutual Life says that
Fred could do as much business in one
week as the average canvasser could in six
months. But be has gone where insur
ance men trouble not the populace, and
several creditors are now wondering
"where he is at."
In addition to a popular tailoring firm
and an astute local hotel manager, one
bank is out of pocket about $300 for hav
ing honored one of Bennion's checks.
Bennion's first work on this coast was for
A. B. Forbes of the Mutual Life at San
Francisco, after which he was transferred
to this city and soon afterward "lit out"
for cause, but has since made good his de
linquency to Local Manager Maxson.
Then he engaged with the Equitable
Life, but with what results Manager
Shields declines to state. Mr. Shields
deprecates any publicity, saying:
"Fred may be below the line in Mexico,
bnt I think he means all right and will
pay up every cent in time. Yes, I know
the bank in question, but must decline to
name it."
Bennion leaves an accomplished wife
behind, now at Elsinore Hot Springs.
• » « —
Saved From a Watery Grave.
ASTORIA, Oh., July s.— Simon Pakkila
and Erik Paso, who were supposed to
have been drowned on Thursday night or
Friday morning last, were brought in this
morning from tne lightship, where they
have been since Friday morning.
They had a narrow escape from death,
having clung to their upturned boat for
about twelve hours. Fortunately the cur
rent carried them near the lightship, the
crew of which put off and rescued them.
• HEY TO-PAY.
• ADJUST THE CURRENT BEFORE .
you go to bed. That's the way you do
with Dr. Sanden'a Electric Belt. It is the
only belt made that can" be regulated, and
makes the use of the electric current a deep
pleasure, as you see your strength growing
each nieht. You absorb a certain amount
of electricity into your body every night,
and as electricity is the force that feeds the
nerves, brain, sexual organs and stomach,
of course," it gives a natural vigor to all
these functions. It builds up a vigorous
manhood and womanhood.
If you are weak or ailing try this famous
life renewer. Be true to your own consti-
tution. Don't, DON'T, DON'T make your
stomach a distillery for all the poisonous
drugs known to man. Study this subject
as a practical business matter, and, as you
would like evidence, read the little book.
"Xuree Classes of Men," which is free.
Call or address
; SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
Consultation Free and Invited.
: * - OFFICKS AT-A. P. A. PRINCIPLES
CLEARLY DEFINED.
Dr. Derrick of Oakland
Talks About the Alleged
Sell-Out.
HISTORY OF THE ORDER.
In Less Than Ten Years Its
Membership Has Grown to
Two Millions.
PLATFOKM FULLY EXPLOITED.
Pays Particular Attention to the
Organization and the Men Who
Compose It
"The A. P. A. Bold Out," was the sub
ject of an interesting lecture delivered by
Dr. George H. Derrick before the Good
Citizenship meeting at Metropolitan Tem
ple yesterday afternoon. The speaker
confined his remarks almost entirely to an
exhaustive interpretation of the principles
on which the American Protective Asso
ciation is founded. He was applauded
frequently, and at the conclusion of the
address tendered a perfect ovation.
"I am glad to meet you again," said Dr.
Derrick, "glad to be in such good com
pany. I did not think it possible for me
to be present when the chairman asked
rue to speaK. He said something about
the Monitor and being sold out at % of
a cent per pound. I then thought that I
would come and demand, if I had been
old out so cheap, that the goods be de
livered.
"The only question to-day is. Is the A.
P. A. right? I would rather stand alon»
with the chairman and be on the side of
right than have Mechanics' Pavilion
crowded to the doors and know that I
spoke words of untruth and fallacy. If I
am to speak of the 'A. P. A. Sold Out' I
would define what is meant by A. P. A.
"We started less that ten years ago, the
growth being very slow at first. To-day
we have 2.000,000 voters, while the W. A.
P. A.'s have hundreds of thousands of
members ready to stand by their hus
bands. When you see such a movement
as this you may know that it is founded
on truth and justice.
"I wish you to understand the difference
between the organization and the men
who compose that organization. Take,
for instance, the composite picture of fifty
men — forty-nine with mustache and one
with full beard. In the composite crea
tion you see the fifty faces with full mus
tache, but only the faintest outline of a
beard. Now, this organization is not the
expression of one individual or of 10,000.
It is the composite formation of a princi
ple, and it is the principles of an institu
tion which must be sold out, if anything
can be. Individuals may do this ~scrt ot
tiling, but that does not upoil the institu
tion. If the A. P. A. was blotted out to
day circumstances would make another
because the conditions demand it. But
the A. P. A. will live — it has already taken
its place on the scroll of time.
"A few days ago a speaker, I need not
tell who he is, made use of the following
remarkable statement:
As to Irish bosses, ward-heelers, saloon
keepers and pugs, lam under the impression
that the vast majority of them will compare
favorably with the average Methodist preach
ers in this country. lam prepared to show by
statistics that none of the classes mentioned
furnish as large a proportion of criminals as do
the Methodist ministry of this country-
"Now I would like to know what figure
this sort of argument cuts in the subject
matter. If the principles are true and
heralded by the vilest of men, yet will
they live forever. The Catholic priest
hood may be pure or vile, but if their
principles are right they will live on. The
individual character may be true or false;
it is the principles of an institution which
must purify or purge.
"Now what are the principles of the
A. P. A.? Look at the first:
Loyalty to true Americanism, which knows
n. ither birthplace, race, creed nor party, is the
first requisite for membership.
"Colonial America had its Benedict
Arnold, but the principles only shone the
brignter wnea he had gone to the other
side.
"A few days ago there was a lecturer in
O.kland who said: 'We have the enemy
on the run. There goes Dille, Case and
pusillanimous Hudleson.' But suppose
they had gone — all of them — there would
cave been hundreds and thousands of
patriotic citizens to carry on the battle.
"Now take up section 3:
Wiiiie tolerant of all creeds, it holds that
subjection to and support of any ecclesiastical
power not created and controlled by American
citizens and which claims equal if not greater
sovereignty than the Government of the
Uuited States of America, is irreconcilable
with citizenship. It is therefore opposed to
the holding of offices in the National or mu
nicipal Government by any supporter of such,
ecclesiastical power.
"The reason this was adopted was be
cause Leo XIII said all Catholics must
make themselves felt in all public affairs
in the country where they happen to be;
all Catholics should endeavor to mold the
constitution on the principles of the only
true church. This was promulgated just
one year before the A. P. A. was organ
ized. When it came across the Atlantic,
it is no wonder that good men rose up and
said, 'Thus far shalt thou go and no far
tfter.*
"Now we come to section 5, which says:
We consider the non-sectarian free public
■school the bulwark ot American institution?!
and the best place for the education of Ameri
can children. To keep them such, we protest'
against the employmentof subjects of any un-
American ecclesiastical power as officers or
teachers of the public schools.
"There is an institution in this town op
l osii:g the new charter, and why? Be
cause it requires that all teachers employed
in the public schools shall oe educated in
p rue State institution. If you fail to vote
for that charter you will neglect your duty.
If you send a man to the Legislature make
him introduce a bill providing that all
teachers shall be educated in the gram
mar schools.
"No member of the Catholic church loses
place in her ranks or caste with her hier
archy for saying, as did Priest Phelan in a
set of resolutions presented at one of their
gatherings, that
The present system of public schools is a
curse to the country and a floodgate of athe
ism ana sensuality, and of civil, social and
Ka.ional corruption; and the children turn
out to be learued bone thieves, scholastic
counterfeiters and well posted on schemes of
deviltry.
"Nor have Archbishop Kain of St. Louis
or Monsignor Satolli dealt out discipline
to this same priest, who, speaking of the
great gathering of Christian Endeavorers,
said, among other equally shocking things :
The corrupting tendencies of such heteroge
neous gatherings of young people cannot be
overestimated, and for downright viciouaness
and depravity ttiey have never been equaled
since the horrid saturnalia ot Greece and
Rome.
The speaker then took up each of the re
maining plunks of the A. P. A. platform,
closing with the remark that the rumor of
"sell out, barter and sale" was founded
only in the imagination of those who hated
the principles on which the organization
was fouudei.
AMUSEMENTS FOR EVERYBODY
A Nnmber of Attractions That Are to Be
Offered at the Playhouses To-Nlgtat.
"Americans Abroad," by Victorien Sar
dou, is billed at the California Theater
for this evening. It is a comedy-drama in
which Effie Shannon will lake the leading
role and be supported by the Stockwell
company.
The charming comedy, "London Assur
ance," is to be produced at the Columbia
Theater this evening by the Frawley com
pany. The cast is a strong one and the
stace settings will be very elaborate and
tne costumes new.
The management of the Tivoli Opera
house will, under the direction of Gustav
Hinricbs, produce "Lucia di Lammer
moor." Mme. Natili will appear in the
title role and Maurice de Vries is cast for
the role of Henry Ash ton.
At the Grand Opera-house Jules Walters,
a new leading man from from New York,
is to appear in "A Stolen Note," a play
that has been the rage in Boston and in
New York. He will be supported by the
full strength of the company.
There is a rare treat on at the Orpheum
Music Hall for this evening, for there are
a great many specialties to be offered to
the patrons. One of the features will be
the Jockiey-Boston troupe that has just
arrived from the East.
THE PORTLAND ATHLETES.
They Will Meet the Olympic
Boys in This City Next
September.
Tom Sharkey Will Box in the Acme
Club Wednesday Nigfet—Cor
belt's Condition.
Leonard Gill, captain of the Olympic
Club, states that a return field day will be
given to the Multnomah Athletic Club of
Portland, Oregon, in this City in Septem
ber next, and that the officers of the day
will be selected from clubs outside of the
Olympic.
Gill was very sorry to learn that Kerri
gan, the wonderful little high jumper of
Portland, was lying dangerously HI at bis
home, but he hopes to hear of the great
athlete's quick recovery.
The most disappointed member of the
Olympic team which invaded Portland
was Dave Brown of the Stanford Univer
sity.
Brown had heard from Walter Bcott, one
of the retired long distance runners of the
Olympic Club, that he would need be in
splendid form to defeat Tallant of the
Multnomah Club; but Brown had an idea
that there was not a man on the coast who
could exercise him, and he visited Port
land with a firm belief that he would de
feat Tallant and have yards to spare.
The unexpected happened on this oc
casion and Brown met his Waterloo. He
sti'.i thinks that he can show Tallant a
clean pair of heels from the start to the
finish of a mile race, and according to the
following letter he wrote Captain Gill from
Stanford, he is deeply anxious for a return
race:
BTANFORP University, July 3, 1896.
My Dear Leonard: Is there any possibility ol
getting a return meet with the Multnomah
team this fall in San Francisco? If so, I wisfa
you would inform me and I will try to be in
better shape to run "the old man." More speed
is what I need and J should do much better il
I train with this in view. From all I can heai
they are rather anxious to come and I was
wondering whether you would take any meas
ures to get them. September 15 is late enough.
Biucerely yours, D. E. Brown.
Brown calls Tallant an old man because
he is married and has a small family to
look after. Tallant is only 28 years of age
and as can be seen by a reference to the
records of past champions, the fastest
times that have ever been made in foot
racing were negotiated by athletes after
they had passed the thirty yesrs limit.
SpeaKing of the ages of athletes who had
accomplished wonderful performances be
tween the ages of 30 and 40 years, John
Elliott of the Olympic Club, who is the
standard authority of this coast on gen
eral athletics, said yesterday that he had
taken an exception to an article which
appeared in a morning paper of yesterday
written by W. W. Naughion in which it
was stated that an athlete is in bis prime
between the fifteenth and twenty-fifth
year of his life.
Elliott says that he cannot remember of
an athlete in any country who , accom
plished any performance worthy of note
at the age of 15 years, and that the best
performances were those of men between
30 and 35 years of age. Elliott also stated
that a pugilist should be in his prime
when 30 ?ears of age.
Tom Sharkey is 24 years old and Jim
Corbett 30 years. The former has an ex
cellent opportunity of cultivating clever
ness, but the latter will never regain lost
vitality, although he can repair to some
extent a partly wrecked constitution by
remaining aloof from the "good things"
of life, which to an athlete are ruinous.
A prominent physician and a friend of
Corbett's who had a good look at the
chamiuon before he faced Sharkey said
that Jim Is unquestionably on Vie retro
grade—that is, physically speaking— and
under the most careful system of training
be never will be able to regain his old
form.
Sharkey terminated his engagement in
this City last evening and on Wednesday
evening he will box four rounds with
Danny Needham, his trainer, at the ex
hibition which will be given in Oakland
on Wednesday evening under the au
spices of the Acme Athletic Club.
On Friday next Sharkev will start with
a local theatricul troupe through the coup
tr7i giving sparring exhibitions. He will
visit Vallejo, Stockton, Sacramento and
may possibly journey as far northward as
Portland, Or. He says that in six months
from now he will be sufficiently clever to
hit Corbett, and that his blows will be
felt.
Some one jocosely remarked to Sharkey
last night that Corbett will scheme to close
Tom's peepers, and thus win the game on
a blind deal.
Tom smiled, and answered in his easy
aad smiling way that it took two men to
play a game of that kind, and that while
Corbett was trying to paint Sharkey's eyes
Sharkey might be engaged in knocking
some of the mineral out of Jim's kidneys.
•—• — ♦ — •
The Hotel Cecil is a magnificent addi
tion to the splendors of London. It is
said to be larger than any other hotel in
Europe, and to yield in size only to one or
two in the United State*. But it is less by
its thousand rooms that the Hotel Cecil
compels admiration than by the splendor
and good taste of its architecture and in
ternal decorations.
Loans on watches, Jewelry, silverware, M Uncle
Harris', 15 Grunt avenue. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 6, 1896.
MONTANA'S CHIEF
JUSTICE IN TOWN,
Judge Pemberton Pays Cali
fornia His First
Visit.
PROSPECTIVE GOVERNOR
In Montana for Thirty -Three
Years and Reflects Its
Life.
A DEMOCRAT AND A SILVEBITE
Discusses Honey Questions and Re*
marks Upon the Cowardice of
Long- Haired M n.
Judge W. Y. Pemberton, Chief Justice
of the Supreme Court of Montana and a
strong probability for gubernatorial hon-
Chief Justice Pcmberton of Montana: "I've never sjeii a long-haired fellow carrying a gun on
his hip who was not an infernal coward."
ors, is in the City on his first visit to Cali
fornia.
The Judge is a man past middle age, and
yet he has apparently lost little of the
eager spirit that must have characterized
him when he went to Montana thirty
three years ago and bung out his shingle
in a Territory where lawyers were not in
dispensable to th« operation of justice.
His conversation, characterized by an easy
abandon, is full of suggestions of an expe
rience of many years in a country where
conventionalities have been forgotten in
expression of cordiality and hospitality.
Elected District Judge six years ago he
had served but two years when the Popu
lists and Democrats united in nominating
him by acclamation for Chief Justice. And
he was elected.
He was born in Nashville, Term., and
upon graduating from the Lebanon Law
Bchool in 1861 was admitted to the bar.
Two years afterward he began practice in
the wild new Territory of Montana.
When seen yesterday at the Grand in
company with his friend, ex-United States
Marshal Stuart F. Loughborough of New
Mexico, Judge Pemberton was very re
luctant about talking politics, bat after a
little hesitation he said:
"We regard the silver question in Mon
tana as a business question. Financial
conditions show tnat tnere is only enough
gold in the world to pay the interest on
the world's debt for less tnan one year.
No man could do business in any part of
the civilized world if he did not have capi
tal enough to pay the interest on his in
debtedness for one year. Governments
are simply aggregations of individuals,
and in the management of their business
affairs they must be controlled by the
same rules that govern individuals; and if
governments have not money enough to
pay the interest on their debts for the
space of one year they cunnot hope to
transact business with the idea that pros
perity can come to the people from the
administration of Government affairs.
"The individual transacts bis business
upon the theory that it will result in pros
perity to himself. Governments must
transact, their governmental affairs upon
the theory that prosperity must com? to
the masses of the people, unless we aban
don the idea of Mr. Lincoln that this is a
Government of the people, by the people
and for the people.
"I regard the financial question not as
a partisan question, but as a question of
patriotism of so much importance as to
require every man to tnke a stand in favor
of the masses against plutocracism and
Sbylockisrn.
"The Republican convention that met
in St. Louis had as delegates the two Sen
ators from the State of Montana, Hon. Lea
Mantle and Hon. Thomas H. Carter, and
Charles 8. Hartman, the Representative
in Congress. Hartman bolted with the
Teller contingent. The people of Mon
tana, since Hartman returned, commended
his action by numerous ovations and pub
lic receptions."
Then tne Judge turned the conversation
to less weighty subjects, and with the
change the dignity of the Chief Justice
was forgotten in the enthusiasm and jovi
ality of the raconteur of life as he had
known it in the early days of the Terri
tory, when to declare that you were in
favor of law and order occasioned threat
ening manifestations from the desperado
elf men t.
"I like San Francisco for its fruits and
its flowers and its fragrance, but for busi
ness there is uo place like Montana," re
marked the Chief Justice with genuine
pride in his State. "A man going to
Butte has to wait a month for a vacant
house if he wants one. Butte is the best
copper camp on this earth. It pays out
more money to laborers in proportion to
population than any other town on this
earth, and hospitable — just ask the people
that have been there.
"I have had a good many dealings with
desperadoes in the thirty-three years 1
have been in Montana, but i never saw
one that would kill when you got tbe first
draw on him. And these bad men, well,
I've never seen a long-haired fellow with
a gun on his hip who wasn't an infernal
coward." ______________
A DOUBLE BURGLARY.
Policemen Xikev and Dougherty Hade
a Good C Uch.
Patrick Donovan, who has a State prison
record, and Thomas McGrath were ar
rested early yesterday morning on Gilbert
street by Policeman E. W. Eskew and
Special Dougherty on the double charge
of robbery and burglary.
Saturday night it was reported at the
Southern station that the jewelry-store of
H. Leper-, at 1012 Howard street, had
been entered an<t two watches stolen from
the showcase. A similar report was made
of the window of the candy-store of A.
Cohen, at 1056 Howard street, having
been broken and a lot of candy taken.
Policeman Eskew detailed on the
case, and, with Special Officer Dougherty,
started on the hot trail of the thieves. Ttie
chase was kept up for over two hours, and
the pursuers were rewarded by bagging
their game at 3 o'clock yesterday morning.
And s'.ill beUer, finding all the stolen
property on their person?.
POWDER IN A BOTTLE,
Virgilio Lucazzi Badly Injured
by an Explo
sion.
Carelessness in Giving Children Ac
cess to Dangerous Ma*
terial.
The 8-year-old son of Virgilio Lucazzi,
who resides in Gaven place, off Greenwich
street, between Powell street and Mont
gomery avenue, will remember the Fourth
of July, 1896, lor the remainder of his life.
This indelible impression was made upon
young Virgilio's mind by his own act in
filling a small beer bottle with gunpowder
and then applying a lighted match to the
contents. The powder ignited while young
Lucazzi was bent over "the bottl« and the
resultof this application of fireaud powder
was tbat the gUss cannon exploded with a
terrific report and the youthiul gunner re
ceived the contents of the bottle square in
the face. He was so oadly burned that the
SKin peeled off his face and closed his eyes
completely. How seriously he may be in
jure i in his sight cannot be ascertained
until such time as the inflammation goes
down and he can open his eyes
The broken fragments of the bottle cut
the boy's wrists and hands clean to the
bono, and the flame set his clothes on tire.
On the whole, he was a pitifui sight when
his mother ran to his assistance. In her
bewilderment sue did not notice the boy's
stockings on tire until bis screams regard
ing hislegs hurting him drew her atten
tion to the fact that his flesh was burnt in
side his shoes.
The youngster was carried home and a
physician sent for, who <Ud all that could
be aone to relieve his sufferings.
The laws of China count getting out of
temper in public as an offense, the pun
ishment for it beiug five days' imprison
ment.
THIS GRIEF IS
PITIFUL INDEED.
The Tragedy of Mission-
Street Trolley -Car
No. 1004.
A THREAT TO SHOOT
Mrs. Manning Says She May Put
a Bullet in the Motor
man's Heart.
CORONER'S IK QUEST TO-DAT.
James Manning Is in the Employ of
the Company, But a Damage
Suit May Result
The mangled and torn little body of
eight-year-old Walton Manning, who was
so cruelly killed by trolley-car 1004 of
the Mission-street line about 8 o'clock on
the evening of the Fourth, was taken out
to his home late yesterday afternoon from
the Morgue.
Tears from his parents' eyes fell like
drops of rain on the little bier. They
grieved with bowed heads and faces con
cealed in their hands. But the younger
brothers and sisters, yet too young to fully
understand how cold and cruel is the
clutch of death sometimes on the hearts
of the living, felt the touch of grief. Then
came the most affecting touch of pathos on
the scene. The baby grief broke forth.
They gazed at first in wonderment on the
little dead face of their brother and then
burst into tears of pure sympathy from
seeing their mamma and papa weep.
Cruel the wheels of the trolley-car, but
surely not so cruel as this !
To-day the remains will be returned to
the Morgue so that the Coroner's jury may
see them on proceeding with the inquest.
The funeral may not take place till to
morrow.
Mrs. Manning, who swooned on the
sidewalk and had to be carried upstairs to
her bed, was a htt'e better yesterday and
able to be around some. She kissed and
embraced her other children convulsively
whenever they came near her. Mrs. Man
ning is in a condition of delicate health,
and last night her husband had to sum
mon a , physician for her. He remained
with her a good part of the night. Mr.
and Mrs. James YV. Manning live at 2614
Mission street. As well as humble, theirs
was a very sad home yesterday.
There are two windows in the front
room, and it was at these windows they
were sitting when the life of the boy was
crushed out before their eyea.
Walton had just been sent on an errand
to a grocery-store over on the corner of
Twenty-fourth street. He left his broth
ers an«l some other children playing with
firecrackers on the sidewalk in front of the
door. He was walking diagonally across
the street. The outbound trolley-car
slipped noiselessly and swiftly toward him
from bohind. Just as he stepped on the
track the little fellow turned, smiled and
waved a little band at his playmates. And
then
The car struck him. He was under the
wheels. The remor^e'ess and unfeeling
wheels tore and mangled him and his
life's blood flowed out on the white stones
as he was dragged along.
Ladies on the car and poople in the
street screamed and waved tneir bands.
The motorman, it is said, was not looK>
ing ahead. He was looking over on the
other siae of the street, where other chil
dren were shooting firecrackers. When
his attention wad finally secured he
stopped tne moving juggernaut. It
was too late then. There was hardly
enough left of t:.e little body, whose spirit
was so hapny a moment before over his
Fourth of July, to put decently into the
dead wagon of the Morgue. The huge car
had to bo run over the body in order to
extricate it. The father stood by with
pale face and his heart trying to leap from
his throat. The mother had swooned.
The passengers and spectators sickened at
the sight.
Mr. Manning said yesterday afternoon :
"The motorman had another man in the
box with him. Both were looking across
the street, and he did not ring the bell.
If he had rung tbe bell Walton would
be alive to-day. I saw from the window
the car moving down upon him. My
heart stood still.
"I pounded on the window pane and
shouted to the motorman, but it was no
use. He did not or could not hear me. I
saw he was going to be struck, and I made
a leap for the stairs. I don't know how I
got down. But it was too late to save my
boy. He had been struck, and when I got
to the door was beinjr drazeed along the
track. The inotorman was alone to blame.
He was my eldest son and a bright, good
little fellow. He was ol much help to his
mother."
When asked if he intends to brine: suit
against the company for damages Mr.
Manning said :
"I am in the employ of the company as
a lineman. Ido not know what I shall do
yet. I cannot afford to lose my job. But
I shall do something. I may see to-mor
row what I can do about it.''
Yesterday Mr. Manning was inclined to
take the accident as calmly and philo
sophically as possible.
But it is different with Mrs. Manning.
She is almost hysterical in her denuncia
tion of the killing.
"Ob, my poor Wally, my poor boy!"
she exclaimed. "He was such a comfort,
help and companion to me. I leaped with
my husband down the stair*, but he was
dead then. I hope he did not feel the
wheels and the crushing.
"But somebody shall pay for this," she
declared with defiance. "I'll put a bullet
through Be^ley's heart or the company
shall pay me. That's what I shall do. But
money will not pay me for my boy — no,
no, no! I shall be revenged for his death.
I shall have satisfaction. I would throw
the money into the street. I would give
it all for my boy."
The poor woman covered her face with
her apron and wept as though all the
strir.po of her heart had snapped. Her
husband put his arm around her shoulders
and tried to comfor. her.
Just then a white pointer dog trotted
out into the street and smelled of the
stone stained with blood. Mrs. Manning
saw it. It was horrible.
"See!" she said. "He killed him as
he would a dog — crushed him as he
would the meanest cur! O, I shall go
mad, mad! But he will never kill another
boy. I would put a bullet in his heart!'
The green cars of the Mission-street line,
and No. 1004 isasrreen car, have fenders on
both ends with a shelf. The shelf runs
three to four inches above the pavement.
So little a fellow as Walton Manning, es
pecially if be fell with feet loward the car,
would not be protected by the iender, but
would be squeezed and crushed. And this
is what it did to him.
Car No. ICO4 was on its usual run yester
day. But Motorman Thoiley iJegley
luid off. Th •• remorseless wheels rolled
over the tracks and the pinions yowled
their same old song as thouph nothing hud
happened aud as though the feuder was
there to save human li!e.
In one ot his humorous books Mark
Twain humorously tells of the language of
the wneeis of the railroad coach. But in
this instance of the.'trolley-car in the City
the interpretation is different. As ihe
trucks of car No. 1004 rolled over the rail
joints yesterday they seem to *chime out:
"I— killed— bira— l— killed— him— l-killed
— him — I — killed — him — here!"
WILL WAKEN THE WORLD
Marie Walsh Explains Pro
fessor Lloyd's Literary
Work, "Etidorpha."
Abbott Clark Lectures on tbe Great
Theosophical Cru-ade and the
Mahatmas.
Miss Marie Walsh, before the Inter
national Theo«opuical Society at Native
Sons' Hall last evening, spoke on the book
"Etidorpha," written by Professor Lloyd
of Cincinnati, which is creating such a
great sensation among literary circles of
the East, and which has already reached
its sixth addition.
She followed the chief character men
tioned In the book into the cave and
thence to the region of lisrht and obsolute
peace, and explained the meaning of the
allegory as intended to descrirje the j
journey of a person from the circum
ference to the center of his beine, through
bis knowledge and selfishness into the
soul.
She explained how the writer showed
the differentiation of the senses to be in
reality but different aspects of the same
sense, and this made clear the deep mean
ing conveyed t>y the creatures the chief
character of the book meeta with in his
career.
Etidorpha spelled backward reads
"Aphrodite," the goddess of love of the
Greeks, and symbolic of eterLal harmony,
of tbe balance of the sexes, and of an evo
lution that knows neitner hindrance nor
cessation.
At tbe San Francisco Theosophical So
ciety, on Post street, Abbott Clark of Los
Aneeles. formerly of Sa;; Francisco, spoke
on "The Theosophical Crusade and the
Mahatmas."
He began his address by explaining that
mahatmas are perfected" men — men who
possess great souls and have reached the
highest plane of human development or
Christhood.
These men are the leaders of all the
great historical events of the human fam
ily. Buddha was a mahatma; also Christ
and Confucius and Zoroaster of the Per
sians. The last manatma was Biu
vatsky. After Mme. Blavatsky came
Judge. Mrs. Tinpley is considered as an
adept, or in the intermediate stage of per
fection between a man and a mahatmn.
Mr. Clark explained that the present
crusade, which is now in operation in
England, is a movement to enlighten all
classes and nations on the great truths of
theosophy.
Among its leaders are A. V. Hargrove,
president of the Theosophical Society,
Mrs. K. A. Tingley and many other's.
This party of theosophists will visit
nearly every country in" the world, speak
ing in all the principal cities, where they
will hire the largest halls obtainable.
This crusade comes on the crest of a
cycle wave culminated by many cycles of
spiritual and physical importance. It is
an unusual time in the world's history and
great things may be expected. Truths
will be given to the classes that before
were debarred on account of poverty and
lack of education. Truth will be given in
such a form that it may be assimilated by
all men. The natural evolution of
humanity has made this possible. The
crusaders will terminate their wanderings
in this country, coming to San Francisco
by the way of China and Japan.
French Colonial Policy Illustrated.
An important discovery has recently
been made in Madagascar, which will
have the effect of considerably incens
ing the value of tbat island for Fram e.
Gold has been discovered between
Tamatave and Antananarivo, where the
conformation of tbe country is very
similar to that of the Rand. Al
ready some twenty-eight prospectors
have left the Transvaal for Tamatave. The
French, however, are placing every possi
ble obstacle in the way of allowing foreign
prospectors to commence digginjr, and a
25 franc license is now required to be
taken out before operations can be com
menced. The authorities seize ui»n the
slightest pretense for refusing this license,
and every effort is being made to keep all
claims in French hands.— Westminster
Gazette.
Is the light that will bring a great big
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see bow strong and vigorous your now
weak Dody can be made. Hiulyan is for
man. -The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. ■ It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. You can pet' it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write
for circulars and testimonials. .
The extraordidary Rcjuvenator is the
most wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
has been indors d by the leading scientiiio
men of Europe and America.
• HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharge in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous fvitchings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. . Over. -000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Prematureness means impotency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonial*.
TAINTED BLOOD— Impure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of st->-
-producing S'-rras. Tiion come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, ulcers In mouth, old sores and
falling nair. You can nave a trip to Hoi Springs
by writing for "Blood Book ' to the old physicians
oi ibe
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUiE,
Stockton, Market and Kills Sta.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Signature Is printed la ij
BLUB diagonally ,*fl"
across tho f*K \J*
OUTSIDE (i ' J^lV^
wrapper/ M fi/y^
1/J / of every
ij / bottle of
I ii * / < the Ori ? J " a *
I _ kjJ / and Genuine)
/ y-s^jL/
; J||^ I # V^L X&l I TM l^ _ - T S jf
A3 a further protection against *
all imitations.
r Agents for the United Stats*,
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS. N. V.
NOTICE TO SHIPOWNER^
FROM AND AFTER JULY 1, 1896, THE
Spring Valley Water Works proposes to
undertake the delivery of water at such wharves
in tills city as are supplied with its U>draa:s.
Written applications for water are to be made at
the water office, which the Harbor Comniis-iom rs
propose to erect on th<> seawall, between Howard'
and Mis-; on streets. Ships lying in the stream
will be Informed at the above office, a; the time of
making such applications, from what hydrants
their water-boats will be supplied. Reasonably
notice mint be given in all cases, and application*
will be tilled at the earliest convenience, between
tne hours of 7 a. m. and 5 p. m. daily, Sundays and
holidays excepted, unless specially contracted
otherwise
By order of the Board of Directors.
PELHAM \V. AMES. Secretary.
18 THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAHINB
your eyes and fit tnem to spectacles and Eya-
( classes with instruments .of hit own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. Uj **!•
i MM has been due to the menu o< uiy war*.
Omca Hours— l.i to 4 r. v.
TBESDCCESSOFTHESEASOS
THE LADIES' GRILLROOM
OK THK
PALACE HOTEL .
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL. MIDNIGHT.
jP^^^ELECTBie BELTS
T«}HyP^S»?jsM^ -T for S2O. and $80 Bel:»
S£t&F=£§P&tt ) !& ; ' tor»15: niso^oot] bel.s tor
"tPi« ~" ? /?&>ci/^\iS *5. .Latest i.ateut and ail
'{' <G»-f* lt ■ improvements. *B" Coll
;?.?!.? or write Jor new pamphlet
• :;„■ W« No. 2. Aidress DR.
PTEItCK * SON, 704 Sacramento st., cor. Kearny, ,
second, third and fourth floors. San 1-rancisco.
OOSIMOI'OTjITAN'. ■
i Opposite U. 8. Mint, 100 "and lt» FlftU nL. SJ»i
! iTMnclsco, CaL— The moil select family Uotal i»
the city. I Bonrd and room, $1, * 1 25 ani $1 sttp*c j
, day according to room. . MuaLi iisa Ksonu, j Jj
and' ?6a day. Jb"re« coach to and from tua aotaL
> ' JLooic for the coach court ax the I nama of . lua Oa*« S
! BopOUlkU Howl WiLJiAJifiV. froyni»i«»«i
FOR SALE TO BE REMOVED.
riiwo houses; 10 ROOMS and bath each. '
I: X; Sacramento street, between Van Ness avenue
and Franklin.' Cheap.
G. EL UMBSKN A CO., 14 Montgomery street.
/^if^S_%^^____^^E\
NOTARY PUBLIC.
PHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT-
\J law and. Notary Public, 638 Marie: st opp»
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. iieuideuoa ltiJJ I
l'ell«e. ioiepuoua. Tina" -i>jL ■ -"■ *■•-.■
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA3II ANA lUTT.EH3t Sti-A
great Mexican. Remedy; Klv<a «U*4M »*s
, buaugui to uw buxual ur«aii*
; BX hbBBB Ic^H^B
,'-.'. •• ■ : ....• ■ -i. . 3
1 Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. - Secure Com-
. plete digestion - and absorption of the food, cans
a healthy action of the Liver and render the Ho wait '
natural in their operat oa without Kdplitg -
56
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Postage Free:.
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.1 5
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mail. .. . 0.00
Pally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Calt, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .05
Sunday Call, one year, by mull 1.60
Weekly Call, one yonr. by mall 1.60 i
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you poing to the country on a vacation ? If
so, It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Offion will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
530 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:80 o'clock.
713 l.r.rkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
s-W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
110 Mnth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
COS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
r.coms 31 and 32, 34 Park Etow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ. Special Agent.
NONDAY JULY 6, 1890
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PRESII>ENT-
WILLIAM HcKINLET, of Ohio
FOR TICK-PRESIDENT—
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
EtKCTION NOVEMBER 8. 1896.
All aboard for Monterey.
At Chicago everything seems to be over
but the bust up.
The chief objection to Silver Dick Bland
is that he is a chromo.
What a surprise party this convention
roust be to Tammany Hall.
The McKinley button fits every Ameri
can coat as if it were made for it.
We do not need more money ao much
as more circulation of the money we have.
Calline free silver "Populism" will not
catch Populist votes for a mossback Demo
crat.
Some men are born great, some achieve
greatness and others are mentioned at
Chicago.
Pn far as California is. concerned, pro
tection is not only the niain issue but the
only issue.
While the heated East talks politics,
Californin recreates herself with a festival
of patriotism.
Every Republican club helps to restore
the era of good work and good wages ior
American labor.
Caesar had his Brutus, Charles I his
Cromwell and Mr. Cleveland has heard of
a man named Altpeld.
Begin the week by getting yonr name
on the register and urging your Republi
can friends to do likewise.
Monterey promises us something more
than a frolic. There will be patriotism as
well as beauty in her festival.
Russell and Pattison may have tlirown
their booms away, but Grover has packed
his in careful preservation for 1900.
Don't forget that this is to be a cam
paign for home industry and that the wel
fare of every home is concerned in it.
Every Republican club includes a good
many converts to the protective system,
and the campaign has hardly begun yet.
It is wise in the Democratic leaders to
pet out of the way of protection sentiment.
It is a case where they must either dodge
or be crushed.
Practically speaking the country is about
as much concerned in the wrangle at Chi
cago as it is in a Corbett and Fitzaimmons
jawing match.
>fcKin!ey never speaks without using
the word "prosperity." It is the object of
his thoughts and his policies and his elec
tion will mean it.
After the Chicago convention we shall
have to look to St. Louis apain. The
Populists will have to pop before all the
fat will be in the fire.
Some of the Democrats who are now
t-eeking a Presidential nomination will be
jrlad of a chance to run for poundmaster
in the next campaign.
The repeal of the protective tariH pre
cipitated the industrial depression, and
the re-establishment of protection will
CftOM an industrial revival.
"Wnen the votes are counted after elec
tion day it will be seen that California
has understood the situation clearly and
cast her ballot for a business revival.
It is hard to tell why Cleveland's friends
are going to the Democratic Convention
unless they think it proper to treat the
affair as a funeral which they oueht to
attend.
When a Democratic National Conven
tion deliberately ignores New York we can
safely say a new era has be£»un. Such a
thing as this has never been known before
la all our history.
All California industries need protection
in order to yieid fair profits while paying
pood wages, and it is for protection there
fore that business men and working men
will unite in this campaign.
Cleveland may have been sincere in say
ing he has no higher ambition than to be a
private in the ranks of Democracy, but it
remains to be seen whether his adminis
tration has left any ranks in that party.
"Ov.r appeal," says McKinlev, "is not
to a false philosophy or to vain theories,
but to the masses of the American peo
ple — the plain, practical people whom
Lincoln loved and trusted, and whom the
Republican party has always faithfully
ttriven to serve." That appeal this year
will be responded to as it was in the days
of Lincoln. The people are for America
against the worid.
TO-MORROW AT CHICAGO.
To-morrow the Democratic party will
hold its sixteenth National convention to
nominate candidates for President and
Vice- President. The party has weathered
many internal and external storms since
IBS 2, when it named Andrew Jackson for
the Presidency. Tbe severest test of
strength tne party ever had before the
present battle of factions was in 1860,
when it was divided into two wings, one
under the leadership of Douglas and the
other under Breckinridge. But the wedge
which split the party at Charleston was
not driven with the vicious vigor and de
termination to destroy as it is being driven
at Chicago. Some of the greatest men the
country ever produced directed the fac
tions in 1860, but at to-morrow's conven
tion the most conspicuous feature will be
seen in the array of brainless asses who
will control the majority and lead the
party to its eternal damnation under the
generalship of Altgeld.
At Chicago to-morrow Altjreld will stand
tbe personification of the Democracy in
189(5 as Jackson stood the personification
of the Democracy at Baltimore in 1832.
What a spectacle of political degeneracy!
Jackson was inspired by the loftiest prin
ciples of truth, right and justice, and bis
patriotism was pure and true. He was
sincere in what he did, and his purpose
was to better the people's condition. The
light of events reveal his mistakes, but
who is perfect? But Altgeld is a very dif
ferent type of a man. He knows nothing
of the principles of risht or of truth or of
fastice. His sympathies are with those
principles of government which the Jeffer
sons, the Jacksons, the Bentons and the
Douglases spent their whole lives in con
demning. They sought political power
that they might wield it for the pub
lic good. Altgeld seeks power that
he may wield it to destroy that
principle of government which stands
for freedom under law and adopt in its
stead the principle of liberty without law,
and the majority of the Democratic party
cheerfully acquiesces and licks the boots of
the destroyer of their political honor. No
political party ever reached such depths
of degradation.
The hope has been all along that the
better element of the party would be able
to exert an influence for good, but the in
dications are that Altgeldism will sweep
the convention like a tornado. Altgeld is
trying very hard to set the West and South
against the East, and whatever is calcu
lated to engender hatred between the sec
tions he may be relied upon to employ to
the uttermost. He said the other day
that "the East is not worth saving."
The idea that he intended to con
vey was that the West and South should
array themselves against the East and
deprive it of political rights, and strange
as it may appear he was applauded
for making the suggestion. The surprise
that citizens of the United States would
permit a man to publicly use such treason
able language will be all the greater when
it is remembered that it was this same
Altgeld who referred to the -murderous
Haymarket anarchists e.s "patriots," and
denounced the courts for punishing them
for killing people. It is difficult to tell
what will be the outcome of a convention
that is dominated by such a character,
but there are those who firmly believe that
tnere will be a revolt against his authority.
One of the puzzling things about Alt
geld's programme is that he refuses to
commit Illinois to the candidacy of any
one, but those who know his political
methods to their sorrow say his plan is to
so manipulate the convention that hi 3
delegates will hold the balance of power
and then throw it to the candidate
who will give the largest mortgage on
himself for Altgeld's personal Tise, not
only in the way of shaping the policy of
the administration, should his man be
elected President, but in the control of
patronage. A'.tgeld is not himself eligi
ble for the Presidency, but it would make
no difference to him if he were, so far as
his ultimate purpose is concerned. The
overthrow of the existing order of things
and the practical application of anarchism
appear to be the chief object of his life.
For that, ns well as for many other rea
sons, the proceedings of the convention
will be watched with deep interest. If he
could accomplish his purpose better by
abandoning the free silver platform, he
would do it. He has no fixed principles
except such as are in harmony with the
doctrine of liberty without law, and he is
just now a political power in the land be
cause he is the supreme autocrat and dic
tator of the Democratic party.
THE REPUBLICAN PARTY'S PLAN.
The annual expenditures of the Govern
ment, however economical the adminis
tration in charge may be, are considerably
over $500,000,000, and instead of growing
less they are likely to grow larger from
year to year. For some years to come there
will have to be larger expenditures upon
our rivers and harbors and coast defenses.
In the matter of protection against attacks
by foreign warships it may be said tbat the
country has none. The United States
would have a very large mileage of sea
coast to defend in case of war, and the
country is unprepared for self-defense in
that direction.
The pension claims are necessarily and
properly very large. There will need be
large sums of money expended an
nually to pat our waterways in con
dition to give commerce wider oppor
tunity to accumulate and distribute
tbe produce of the country. The de
mand for American merchant ships is
so imperative that by common consent
the Government must provide the neces
sary financial encouragement. These are
by no means all the avenues of expendi
ture. They are only the more important
ones.
The question is then, How shall tbe
Government provide for these public ex
penses? It may be done by issuing bonds
from time to time, but the interest thereon
would increase the annual expense ac
count, to say nothing of a sinking fund to
provide for the redemption of the bonds
at their maturity. A general income tax
which would require every citizen to band
over to the Government a certain per cent
of his earnings could be made to provide
enough, but neither one of these proposi
tions would meet with the public's in
dorsement, especially an inco me tax, for
such a tax is the father of the meanest of
economic iniquities. The policy of the
Democratic party as represented by
the present administration appears to
be to Dile up deficit after deficit
and trust to luck, so to speak,
for something to turn up and pro- j
vide for their payment, and meanwhile
to issue bonds to keep the treasury sup
plied with gold for the money speculators
of 'Wall street and London to draw upon.
It will be observed that the Cleveland
plan of financiering does not provide a
sure and certain income for expenditures
upon internal improvements nor for sub
stantial aid to a merchant marine of our
own.
Now, the plan of the Republican party
to provide, and provide amply, for present
and prospective public expenditures is to
derive it, or a great deal of it, at the
several custom-houses from such foreign I
made goods and wares as are not profitable j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 6, 1896.
for us to make, but which we consume.
The Republican party proposes to make
importers of merchandise contribute
most liberally at the Custom-honse for the
privilege of doing business in our markets.
But although not enough revenue could
be derived from that source to supply the
demands of the Nation's expense account,
it would come so near doing it that a rea
sonable income upon beer and intoxicants
would not only be ample for the current
expense and internal improvement ac
counts, but there would be a balance
every year to be applied to the liquidation
of the Nation's bonds. This is the Re
publican party's policy and plan for the
administration of the affairs of tbe
country, xt is upon the same business
principle that good business men manage
their own enterprises.
NOT RIGHT, BUT WRONG.
Bad Alexander Pope been as much of a
prophet as he was a poet, and had allowed
his nropnetic eye to take a look at the
United States as they turned out to be
after Grover Cleveland and a Democratic
Congress were put in charge of the Gov
ernment, he never would have remarked
that "Whatever is is right." Nothing has
been right since Benjamin Harrison moved
out of the White House and Cleveland
moved in. Even the weather has been
wrong a great deal of the time.
Tens of thousands of good and
true working people have been in
enforced idlenes?, and the question of
getting enough to eat has been a serious
one with many of them. Industrial, com
mercial and mercantile enterprises have
been wrecked in every community, and
banking institutions all over the country
have been forced to close their doors.
Farmers have not received enough for
their produce to pay the cosi of raising it,
while more railways have been placed in
the hands of receivers than in any like
period in the history of rail transpor
tation. More river steamboats have been
lashed to wharves and dismantled than
in any other three years since the steam
boat was invented. In short, nothing has
been right in any field of occupation ex
cept the one in which Government bond
syndicates sow and reap.
The only thing that is that may be con
sidered right is the determination of the
people to get rid of Democratic free trade,
bond syndicates and hard times. What
ever of a public character Cleveland has
done the people know is wrong and no
good whatever has come of it. His "tariff
for revenue only" has impoverished our
industries ana left a deficit of nearly
$140,u00.000 for the people to make good.
Not only so, but he has obligated the peo
ple to pay over $,500,000,000 in principal and
interest. This additional indebtedness is
in the shape of bonds which he signed
in the name of the people. And still more,
he sold $62,000,000 of bonds at $104 when
the market price for that kind of Govern
ment securities was $119. The treasury gold
reserve is again close to the dangor point,
and another block of the people's obliga
tions will have to be marketed to pre
vent the treasury from putting up the
sign, "No Funds." No, Mr. Pope was
greatly mistaken. Whatever is just at
this time in the affairs of the Government
and ail lines of business is not only not
right but radically wrong.
ALTGELD VS. TAMMANY.
The most complex problem that is con
fronting Whitney, Hill and the other auto
cratic and aristocratic golabug Tammany
Democrats is bow they may escape from
the party's old ship without drowning.
Altgeld has been keeping them dancing
"on the burning deck" for some days and
I they want to get away. The shore is not
! far off, but how to reach it is the question.
| Still, they should not forget that when
j they were in command the Altgelds,
Blands, Tillmans and Haymarket rioters
made a pood enough crew. In fact, they
made exactly the kind of crew that was
wanted.
The fact of the matter is, Altgeld has in
troduced Tammany methods to Western
Democracy and in many ways he has
added improvements which make his
machine grind finer than the New York
Sachems are used to, and he has also
managed to get a good many of Tam
many's braves into the hopper of his mill.
There may be only just retribution in all
this, and no doubt there is, for Tammany
has turned out more finished political
bosses than any other institution of the
kind on earth.
l 1l 1 rom its birth, which was in the year
1789, it has heen turning such men as
Tweed into the highways of politics, and
if the Democracy of Illinois combined to
raise up a man who should out-Tammany
Tammany Sachems Whitney and Hill
should not complain too much, seeing
that their own close corporation has been
encouraging the employment of Altgeld's
kind of convention methods for more than
100 years. But Tammany never calls
anarchists "patriots," and Altgeld does,
which makes a difference that is alto
gether in favor of Tammany.
COAST EXCHANGES.
The Sacramento See has entered upon its
eightieth volume, and commenced the latter
half of its thirty-ninth year of existence. The
Bee very modestly calls attention to this fact,
and very truthfully remarks that its name
"has become a household word in Northern
California, and its excellent record in the past
should be a sufßcient guarantee of its course
in the future."
The California Fruit-Grnccr, which is doing
valuable service in its study and discussion of
the problems involved in the great and grow
ing fruit industry of this State, has begun its
nineteenth volume.
The Newsboys' Calamity Howler, a newspaper
published weekly in Portland, Or., in the in
terest* of the Populist party, has enlarged and
raised its subscription price. It announces
that it is In a state of progression, and feels
assured "that a daily output is in store" for
the paper.
The Introduction of an electric-light system
into Los Gatos is hailed by the Mail of that city
as marking a new epoch In the history of the
place. Henceforth, remarks the pa per. Lob
Gatos "will take its place as one of the modern
and progressive towns of California."
A promising deposit of asbestos on Mount
Diablo is one of the Important recent discov
eries. We learn from the Concord Sun that
George Condie, a bright young man from the
vicinity of Clayton, is the lucky individual,
and the piper continues : He has deepened his
mine in his spare hours, and the fine speci
mens of asbestos he has unearthtd give him
assurance that it will not be long before the,
vein will widen out before he descends many
more feet The indications are for an im
mense deposit of this valuable mineral, and as
he intends to develop this mine and interest
capital In the project there are many who will
be benefited should it be a successful under,
taking.
Porterville now comes to the front with the
information, through the Enterprise of that go
ahead town, tbat some valuab.e magnesite
mines located in Its neigborhood are to be
opened up and worked. "S. G. George has suc
ceeded in interesting some parties in the mine,
which is the property of W. P. Putnam, who
informed the Enterprise that he had decided
to accept the propositions made him and give
the parties the concession they asked. It goes
without saying thai it will be a fine thing for
Porterville, and give employment to a large
number of men and teams, as a furnace will
be erected lor calcining the uaagnesite prepara-
Tory to shipping it away. There are very few
places where magneslte can be found, and the
reports which have been made at different
periods have mentioned the fact that that
which abounds at Porterville Is of very fine
quality; therefore every one will be pleased to
hear of another addition to the many indus
tries of Porterville and vicinity."
The initial number of the Weekly Independent,
published by J. H.Stewart at Santa Barbara,
has been recoived. It prints at the head of its
editorial columns a Presidential ticket of its
own choice, with-J. C. Sibley ha the first posi
tion, S. M. White for his running mate antl H.
M. Teller for Secretary of the Treasury.
With reference to a movement now in
progress toward a division of large ranch prop
erties In Santa Clara County prompted by the
fact that the overland railroad connection by
way of San Jose, Santa Barbara, etc., will be
made within six months, the San Jose Herad
remarks that the Garden City and Santa Clara
County "have been sidetracked all these past
years of railroading in California. They have
been off through lines of travel. They have
grown and prospered by virtue of their natural
advantages and attractiveness, helped In some
measure by propinquity to San FraflcUco. But
the settler who had any curiosity about the
Santa Clara Valley as a place of residence had
to make a special trip to satisfy himself.
With through rail connection established
this will become the favorite passenger
route. The tourists will come to visit our
pleasure resorts of interest and the immigrant
Will keep his eye open for a good place to set
tle. The men who are cutting up the big
ranches evidently have these considerations
in view. When the immigrant is offered his
choice of half a dozen tiacts of land divided
into homesteads of just about the right size
with good soil, climate, water, roads, schools,
churches and social advantages he will realize
that he has indeed struck the garden spot of
California; that it has been prepared for his
reception, and that he has only to pay his
money, enter in and take possession. This
means an advance in land values in country
and city, extended trade and added prosperity.
It may be well lor landholders not to antici
pate and check this movement by putting
fancy prices on their property. That would be
to defeat their own purposes."
Large sums of money are being expended in
the development of the mines of Trinity Coun
ty, aud the Redding Free Press reports that the
McLean Brothers, contractors, who completed
the grading of the Iron Mountain Railway,
have secured a contract to run 8000 feet of
tunnel for a French syndicate, who are oper
ating great hydraulic mines near Weaverville.
"The water supply for the mines," says the pa
per, "is at present inadequate and the syndi
cate is now at work upon a plan to take water
from Stewart's fork and convey it by moans ef
ditches, flumes and pipes to its mines.
In order to avoid a long detour of the
ditch around the mountain a tunnel two
miles in length was begun. About 1100 feet
of. the tunnel is completed, and the McLean
brothers have taken the contract to complete
the remaining 9000 feet. The conveying of
the water is a great undertaking. The coun
try is exceedingly rough. The wagon road
runs to one end oi the tunnel, and from that
end to the opposite end, a distance of seven
miles, all supplies must be packed on horses.
The original survey showed that about three
miles of the flume could be used to advantage,
but on account of the high price of iron it is
now proposed to considerably increase the
length of the flume, reducing the quantity of
pipe. It is estimated that the tunnel will not
be completed before January 1, 1897."
The Winchester Recorder, after congratulat
ing San iacinto on the completion of its pump
ing plant, says that whatever their former
views of the Wright law may have been, San
Jacir. to people now will probably wish to see
it upheld. "In an irrigation district," ob
serves the Recorder, "there are always a few
who receive less value for taxes paid than the
majority, yet, ns a general proposition, the law
is just and should be sustained. An Irrigation
district of the people, for the people and by the
people Is founded »;pon the right principle,
and for the sake of the small farmer, who can
not afford to develop his own water or submit
to the exorbitant demands of an autocratic pri
vate water company, it is hoped that the dis
trict law will stand. This wish will probably
be shared by every municipality as well which
has voted bonds for a water system."
Stockton hopes to receive incidental aid from
the Government for Its protection from flood
water. Captain C. E. Gillette. United States
engineer, has been Inspecting Mormon Chan
nel and Calaveras River with the object of
ascertaining whether it would be possible to
prevent the depositing of debris In Stockton
Channel, and thereby save the Government
the expense of dredging it out continually.
"It requires no engineering," says the Stock
ton Mat.', "to see that the disposal of debris
carries with it the disposition of the water
which brings it down, and so it will be ap
parent to everybody that Captain Gillette's
visit may be of great significance to Stockton
in the matter of protection from flood-water.
To prevent debris from depositing In the
streams hereabouts, it must be delivered inte
the San Joaqnin River through a channel
which Is large enough to accommodate it and
VL-t small enough to keep itself scoured. There
are several ways in which the water that comes
down the Calaveras, and from that stream goes
Into Mormon Channel, can be conveyed to the
Ban Joaquin River without leaving any debris
behind, and Captain Gillette's object will be
to ascertain which is the cheapest and most
feasible of those ways."
According to the Los Angeles Times the
crude oil outlook in that city is now more en
couraging for both producers and consumers.
Present development "promises abundant oil
for future needs at no higher figure than pres
ent prices, which gives Los Angeles the cheap
est fuel of any city in Southern California, if
not in the State. Cnder such stimulus manu
lactories should spring up iv this city and add
largely to our revenues and properties."
Enterprising Fresno citizens are investing
money in a petroleum-refining plant for that
city. "They intend," says the Expositor, "to
ship the product of the Coaling oil fields to
this city and here rehne it. The refining works
will not at first be a very large concern, but if
its proprietors meet with the success they de
serve it will without doubt be enlarged. The
works will be completed and in operation
within thirty days."
SUCCESS AND FAILURE IN LIFE.
New York Sun.
In a speech which Lord Kelvin, better
known in this country as Sir William Thom
son, recently made in reply to the congratula
tions offered him at the jubilee of his first ap
pointment as professor of natural philosophy
in Glasgow University, we flna this striking
passage:
One word characterizes the most strenuous of
the efforts for the advancement of science that I
have made perseverlngly through fifiy-flve years;
that word is failure; I know uo more of electric
aod mHgnetic force, or of the relations between
cth-r, electricity and ponderable matter, or of
chemical affinity, than I knew and tried to teach
my studenu of natural philosophy fifty years ago
la my first session as professor.
Commenting on these words the London
Times the next day summed up Lord Kelvin's
achievements thus:
He has Klven us thetheory of the speed of elec
tric signaling tiirough submarine cables, and has
rendered the most effective assistance to ihr estab
lishment of electric telegraphs to the most distant
parts of oar planet. Be has investigated all the
causes of the disturbance of tne mariner's com
pass and shown bow to allow for them. He has
♦■fleeted the most signal improvements In tbe art
or deep-sea sounding. He baa shown how to pre
dict tbe ris? and fall of tbe ti :e Id any given place.
lie has altogether revolutionized the instruments
for electrical measurements, and made the mod
trn electroscopes and electrometers what they are.
He Ims discovered balances for welching electric
currents and for measuring electric power and en
ergy. Me has elaborated the mathematical thtory
of electricity. And h« d:recied hia great colleague,
the late Professor C'erk Maxwell, to the right
method of pursuing his own electrical studies.
Lord Kelvin is not the first great man to
whom his own work, highly as it was es
teemed by others, has been insufficient to con
tent him*elf. His self-depreciation recalls the
well-known sayiug of Sir Isaac Newton: "I do
not know what I may appear to the world, but
to myself I seem to have been only a boy play
in* on the seashore and diverting myselt in
finding now and then a smoother pebble or a
prettier shell than ordinary, while the great
ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me."
Indeed, no man with lofty ideals ever attains
them to his own satis faction, and it may com
fort less eminent laborers in the field of hu
man effort, who are despondent at their appar
ent want of success, to reflect that the greatest
of their fellow-laborers have been oppressed
by the game sense of iaiiure.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
N. A. Covarrubias, the United States Marshal
of Los Angeles, was sitting in the Palace the
other day, engrossed in a newspaper account
of Democratic prospects, when A. S. Cooper,
ex-County Surveyor of Santa Barbara, came up
and interrupted him with, "Hello, Nick, wnat
are you looking so d sour about? Let's go
have something."
The Marshal folded The Call up carefully,
tucked it away in an inside pocket and, with
deliberate, exact enunciation, replied: "Well,
Cooper, the old party isn't all like you, to be
UNITED STATES MARSHAL N. A. COVARRUBIAS OF LOS ANGELES.
elected Councilman where Republicans were
so thick that three of them contested for
Mayor."
And as they sat down to one of the small
tables in the court and gave their orders an
old gentleman in clerical garb looked up dis
approvingly from the open pages of a black
book with gilt edges.
"Well, Cooper, how is my old friend La Vies,
the Joaquin Miller of Santa Barbara?"
"The what!" said Cooper. "I never heard
him called that."
'•Oh, you know they say the poet of the
Sierras hasn't cut his hair since he took a
batn, and La Vies must have been letting his
hair grow ever since Dr. C. C. O'Donnell first
began running for Mayor of San Francisco. I
remember when La Vies was Postmaster dur
ing Cleveland's first term, and all the Re
publicans used to worry the life out of him
kicking if the mail arrived late. When a train
would be behind time they would stand out
side the partition ana talk loud and keep un
locking their boxes and saying, 'It wouldn't
be this way with a Republican Postmaster.'
"But I heard a good one the other day,
Cooper. I was coming up on the train from
Los Angeles and two girls were sitting in the
car. One says, ' What do you do when you pet
to Snnta Barbara, isn't it awfully dull?' 'No,
indeed, 1 says thu other. 'You go seabathing,
horseback riding: you visit the old Mission
and El Montecito and you are proposed to by
some young fellow who lives in £1 Montecito,
descendant of an old South Carolina family,
brother to a judge in San Francisco, and all
that. Anyway that's what all the girls say
that have been there.' "
"I know a better one than that," said
Cooper, as he launched into a story that
caused the clerical-looking old gentleman to
glance about cautiously and then edge his
chair up a little nearer behind a friendly
pillar where none of the spicy yarn might be
lost.
PERSONAL.
Judge J. R. Webb of Fresno is at the Lick.
Rev. Samuel Hirst of Valiejo is among the
Grand's guests.
D. P. Pierce, a mining man of Butte County,
is at the Grand.
A. G. Smith of Deadwood, 8. D., is registered
at the Occidental.
J. F. Hink, a Woodland merchant, has a
room at the Grand.
Lieutenant W. H. Allderdice, U. 8.N., Is a
guest at the Palace.
H. H. Pitcher, a hanker of Livermore, is reg
istered at the Palace.
J. Stone, a fruit-raiser of Napa, is a guest at
the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
R. E. Hyde, a banker of Visalla, is making a
short visit at the Palace.
Rev. A. Bayley and wife of Haywards are
registered at the California.
C. M. Weber of the Weber estate is at the
Grand registered from Stockton.
James E. Flood, a business man of Stockton,
is registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
C. Steenbergh, who is at the head of the agri
cultural colony at Brentwood, is at the Lick.
A. M. Lumley, the newspaper proprietor and
orchardist, of Porterville, is a guest at the
Grand.
J. B. Peskes, proprietor of the Yosemite
House at Stockton, is among the guests at the
Palace.
Colonel A. B. Hotchkiss, attorney for the
Southern Pacific at Fresno, is at the Lick with
his wife.
William N. Hollister. a wholesale butcher
and rancher of Santa Barbara, has a room at
the Russ.
W. Ewald, E. Gras and W. V. Tacky of Singa
pore arrived on the City of Peking yesterday
and went to the Occidental.
Ex-Judge E. B. Hall, an aged capitalist and
long a resident of Santa Barbara, arrived at the
Palace yesterday with Mrs. Hall.
Among the latest arrivals at the Cosmopoli
tan are J. Brown and J. McMahon, prominent
real estate owners of Santa Crux.
Isaac Copeland, superintendent of a mine at
Downievilie, is at the Lick on his way to his
home in Vallecoto, Calaveras County.
James H. Perkins of East Saginaw, Mich.,
and C. A. Watrous of Bay City, Mich., are
among the recent arrivals at the Lick.
J. G. Earle and R. H. Earle of. Liverpool,
England, were passengers on the Colon from
Central America. They are at the Palace.
Montague Kirkwood, a barrister of Tokio,
Japan, arrived at the Occidental yesterday.
He was a passenger on the City of Peking from
the Orient
Frederic Hardy Balfour of Florence, Italy,
arrived from the Orient yesterday, stopped for
a short time at the Palace, and started East on
an afternoon train.
J. G. Woodworth of Portland, Or, is at the
California. He is assistant receiver and gen
eral manager of the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation Company.
W. H. Brekenridge of Tucson, Ariz., for
merly a detective for the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company and still in its employ, is
a late arrival at the Grand.
George H. Warfield, cashier of the bank at
Healdsburg, returned to the California last
night with bis bride after spending the honey
moon in Southern California.
W. W. Dimond. son of the late General Df
mond of this City, arrived yesterday at the
Occidental from Honolulu.wherehe h&salaige
hardware and crockery business.
Rev. Dr. 8. G. McFarland, a resident of Ban
kok, SUm, for thirty-six years, arrived at the
Occidental yesterday witb hia wile and Dr.
George McFarland, physician in charge of the
hospital at fiankok. The old gentleman will
make California his future home.
Dr. H . M. Smith of the United States Fish Com
mission, with headquarters in Washington,
left the Grand yesterday for Eureka, near
which port he will make investigations.
Gabriel M. Bureaus of Guatemala, a cousin
of ex-President Barillas, arrived at the Occi
dental yesterday with his wife and Justo
Gavarrete. They were passengers on the
Colon.
W. S. Wood, a popular young journalist of
Vancouver, B. C, and his bride are at the
! Grand. Mr. Wood denies that the practical
settlement of the school question at the recent
election is responsible for the large number of
weddings which have lately occurred in
British Columbia.
Duke T. Baxter of Santa Barbara arrived
from Central America yesterday on the Colon.
He was met here by his wife, formerly Miss
Hilda Macdonald, now on a visit to her parents
in this City. Mr. Baxter has for several years
past been in charge of croeder's large lemon
ranch in El Montecito, near Santa Barbara.
L. Gei Aureus of New Guinea was among the
City of Peking's passengers that went to the
Occidental yesterday. lie says that recent ex
plorations of the interior of the southern
peninsula of New-Guinea have disproved the
' belief that there was a large interior popula
! tion. There are no natives further than ten
to twenty miles from the coast.
W. H. Carlson, the San Diego Mayor, who 1
though only 32 years of age, is serving his
fifth term, and as an independent candidate,
arrived at the Grand yesterday. He was one
of the principal leaders oi the water-bond fac
tion that recently won the day in San Diego
after the wildest excitement. Mr. Carlson has
been mentioned «s a possibility for Congress
from the southern district.
A party of six Guatemalans arrived on the
Colou yesterday and went to the Baldwin.
[ They propose to spend about two months'
time enjoying themselves in this City, as they
say things are dead and dull in their part of
the country at this season of the year after
the coffee crop has all been harvested. Manuel
Rivera and his brother, Concha Rivera, own a
big flnca, but they are not particularly elated
over the amount of coffee it produced this
year. Harureano Urrutia was pointed out by
one of his companions as a very rich lawyar,
but Juan I. ArgueU is a judge and president
of the tribunal In the town of Los Altos. Dr.
Yorge Arroyo Is a dentist and Dr. Yorpe Avila
is a physician. They speak no English, but i
rely lor the accomplishment of their purpose
in coming here upon the theory that money
Ulks.
E. Harrow, wfio arrived at the Grand recently
from New Zealand, where he has lived for the
last fourteen yearn, started yesterday for the i
Yosemite. He will go thence to New York and i
eventually to his old home in England. Mr.
Harrow took with him the liveapteryx or kiwi,
the curious windless, nocturnal filleyloo-like
bird native only to New Zealand. He had I
hoped to sell it here for $25. The Park Com- I
missioners, inasmuch as it was the first live |
one ever brought to America, offered to take it
for nothing. Some one else said he would give
$15 for the bird dead, that he might stuff it.
But the old gentleman, with a tenacity of pur
pose characteristic of Johnny Bull, is deter
mined to get his price if he has to carry the
unattrnctive-loolting, carnivorous, odoriferous I
pet all the way to England and pay more than j
that amount for its keep and its transportation, j
for he. 6ays that if it dies on his hands he can |
still get the $15 for it. He paid a native $10 !
for the bird and then, with infinite patience, '
taught the ugly thing to eat meat that it might
live away from its native island.
FOR THE LITTLE TOTS.
A dainty little gown for infants is shown
here. The waist is cut with a round yoke,
which is of tucked nainsook with Insertions of
Valenciennes lace. The epaulette ruffles of em
broidery are on the edges of this yoke. The
waist is gathered back and"front, and is sewn
to a band from which the skirt also hangs
Tae full bishop sleeves are after the latest
models.
For state occasions little dresses of white
Japanese siik, with ruffles of the same, having
insertions of Valenciennes lace let in.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"Is she still of tender years?"
"Thirty."
"That's tough.' l --Detroit Tribune.
As a general rule, we have noted.
The way that most people get shot
Is either by men who are loaded
Or else by the guns that are not.
—New York Herald.
4I like summer; my wife Is always to gentle
and amiable in hot weather." .
; . is mine ; it mvs t be because all the W(h
gressive euchre clubs have 6hnt down."—Chi
cago Record.
Brfggs— l believe Brown is insane.
Diggs— Why?
Biggs— He has brought suit against the
New York Central Railroad for killing hn
mother-in-law.— Harlem Life.
Mr. Ferry— l'm afraid Bobby isn't a very earn
est student these warm days.
Mrs. Ferry— How can you say so? He puts
in eight or ten hours every day studying new
tricks on his wheel.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
Tyre— Did you hear how shabby Newcoasler
treated his family physician?
Biker— No; what did he do?
Tyre— Postponed paying the doctor's bill so
that he could buy a wheel and become vigor
ous.— Philadelphia North American.
Jinks— My wife holds an indignation meet
ing and adopts resolutions whenever I'm out
late.
Filkins— Well, that helps to pass away her
time.
Jinks— Yes; but hang it! she insists on.
reading the minutes alter my arrival.— New
York World.
SUPERIORITY.
The IltUe birds that jtayly flit
In swelt'rin days o' June,
Don't fan 'emseives, 'cept p'raps wltn wings,
Don't, whistle out O' tune.
They ain't a-swlegin' soda down,
Or lemonade— with stick —
An' never say : "Ef tliis holds oa
We'll all be' dead or sick."
An' see 'em on a winter's day
Kly round In slosh an' sleet,
Without no "sweaters" round thare throats,
No arctics ou thare feet.
Ef you an' I so keerless were
We'd half the time be 111,
A takin' u>, a soakin' feet,
An' eulpln' liver pill.
Them little things ain't got much brains
To reason or to plan,
Yit thay hey got th' bulge on me—
Vis, sir; a "godlike man."
—Boston Transcript.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The future town residence of Prince Carl of
Denmark and Princess Maud will be a flat in
the palace in Copenhagen.
Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria is a scientist,
a musician, speaks half a dozen languages
fluently, aud does all sorts of other things
equally welL
Sir Joseph Barnby's successor as principal of
the Guildhall School of Music at London is to
be W. 11. Cummings. He began his musical
career at the age of 6 years in the choir of SU
Paul's.
M. Vigne has suggested to the French
Chamber of Deputies a tax of 1 centime on
every published book. The Government, for
instance, would have received $200 from M.
Zola's "Rome" alone.
The engagement ig announced of Count de
Moltke, Kon of the Danish Embassador to Paris,
and Miss Louise Bonaparte, daughter of the
late Jerome N. Bonaparte, a graduate of the
West Point Military Academy class of '52.
Lillian Russell wrote nearly a full page in a
New York paper recently in an attempt to tell
the public "how to get rich." The Springfield
Republican says Mr. Abbey would perhaps add
this brief pointer for managers, "Don't engage
Lillian RusselL"
Sir George and Lady Baden-Powell will soon
start for the Arctic region in their yacht.
Their first intention was to follow in the track
of Nansen, but they have altered their plans
and will first take some eminent astronomers
to Nova Zembla to observe the coming eclipae
of the sun.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
No Premium— M. S., City. No premium has
been offered on a silver dollar of the United
, States of 1895. .
Commercial Travelers— "Drummer." Oak
land authorities do not allow commercial
I travelers to transact business without a
license.
. Book on Mining— A. • 5., : Cayucoi*. ■ CaL For
information as to the best book on gold min
ing, address a communication to the Mining
Bureau, this City.
Greenbacks— J. M., Diamond, Cal. None of
the greenbacks issued during the War of the
Rebellion maintained their parity with gold
during the continuance of the war.
The Duke's Religion— G. V. R., Angels
I Camp, Cal. A friend of this department con
, veys the information that the Duke of Marl
: borough is a member oi the Church of Eng
■ land.
Initials— H. W., City. The letters that ap
-1 pear at the base of the neck of the head of
Liberty on the dollars and on the half-dollars
of the United States are the initials of the de
signers of the dies.
People's Religion— E. B. C, Constant Reader
! and others, City. A man's religion is his pri
; vate affair, and this department respectfully in-
I forms its readers that it will not answer ques
| tions as to the religion of private Individuals.
The Century— H. W., City. In the answer
recently giver, in ■ relation to the coming cen-
I tury it should have been stated that the
j present century (the nineteenth) closes *itb.
I the year 1900, and that the twentieth centurr
| commences with the year 1901.
Population— A. S., City. According to the
■census of 1890 the population of California
was 1,208,130, Oregon 313,767, Washington
349,390, Idaho 84,385, Nevada 45,761, Ari
zona 59,620, New Mexico 153,593, Utah 207 -
j 905 and Montana 132,159. The estimates of
the Governors of the different States and Ter
ritories of population on the Ist of last Janu
ary was:" California 1.220,000, Oregon 400
-000, Washington 415,000, Idaho 130,000 Ne
vada 60,000, Arizona 77.000, New Mexico 185 -
000, Utah 254,743 and Montana 135,000.
Folding a Ballot— W. r., Philo, Cal. The
law of this state does not require that a ballot
offered by an elector to an officer of election
shall be folded in any particular manner, fur
ther than that it shall be to folded that only
the number on the outside shall appear with
out displaying the marks on the face. No uni
formity in the ballot-folding is required If
the voter resents his ballot in such a manner
that the face of it cannot be seen and that the
number on the outside is visible, it becomes
the duty of the officer receiving it, after he has
torn off the number, to fold it again and again
ilnecessury until small enough to pass through
the holu in the ballot-box. 6
California glace fruits, 50c lb. ToinweiKl's.'
Special information daily to manufacturer*
business houses and public men by the Pros i
Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Montgomery. *
B^ardman— Don't you think Footlight is a
clever actor?
Hashley— Clever? Well, I should say sol
He hasn't paid the landlady any money for six
weeks!— kers Statesman.
i- •'■ '■ =
Are \'ou Going Kast I .'
The Atlantic and l'aciflc Kallroad— Santa Fe
route— ls the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to Its elevation and absence of
alkali dust. Particularly adapted Jor the trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
iiß-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run dally through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and in
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tick
et office, 644 Market atree:, Chronicle bulldina.
Telephone, Main 1531.
Northern lacific Railroad.
Parties attending the Democratic National Can.
rentloD at Chicago, the Christian Endeavored
Washington and National Educational Asocial
tlon at Buffalo should go or return via the North
ern Pacific Railroad. For particulars inquire of
T. K. btateler, Gen. Agt., 638 Market at., a. F,
• ♦ •
"Mrs. Wins low's Soothing Syrun"
Mas been used over 60 years by millions of motha*.
for their children wbi.e Teething with perfect «£
cess. It soothes the child, soften, the Bums, a U »V,
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowe la
Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sale by Dra*
tor Mrs. W lnslow's Soothing Syrup. VSBo a botu*
— • * — ■♦
COKOXADO—Atmosphere Is perfectly arr *.
and mild, ■: being entirely free from the mist, coal
mon further north. Round-trip tickets: by .££
•bin, including fifteen days' board « £. Ho** i*
Coronado. $00; longer stay *a 50 per a*/. aW,
* £'* / Moni Bomery si.. SanFra-icisca.
For jaundice and liver complaint.' AVer's Pill.MONDAY JULY 6, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
■ r*T.TTT>iiNTA -'Americans Abroad."
Columbia Thkatkb- Assurance."
Wonoscx>'s is.ka-ijoi;si- —• A Money Order."
Tivoi.l Oi-r.nA-Hor»K.— "Lucia."
Ori-heum— Hl^-Class Vaudeville.
Futeo Baths— Bathing and performances.
Bhoot the Ckutks— Dally at Halght street,
one block east of the Park.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. L. Cbksswki.i>— This day (Monday),
Furniture, at 'JO Fifth street,' at 11 o'clock.
By A. W. FcKST-Thi? day (Monday). Grocer-
etc, at 10JVS Howard street, at 11 o'clock.
By S. Bascii— This day (Monday), Furniture,
at 819 Gutter street, at 10:30 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
There was a Venetian water carnival at
Sutro Bnths yesterday.
"Cloudy weather Monday; probably fog in
the morning."— Local Forecast Official.
A committee will meet this afternoon to con
eider designs fora Golden Gale carnival badge.
>overal excitiag and closely contested game.
were played in the handball courts yesterdays
■ Yesterday another baby elk and a baby
buffalo appeared in the Zoo in Golden Gate
1 -.!■£.
There are a large number of aspirants for the
position of major-general in the National
Guard.
Professor G. F. Kunz denies having depre
cated the enrysophrase found in Tulare
County.
The friends of the late George Wallenrod are
still at a loss to understand why be committed
suicide.
William D. Fiynn of this City nas been nomi
nated a cadet at West Point by lion. James G.
Maeuire.
Rev. W. W. Case preached last evening at
Howard Methodist Church on "Our Courts in
Disgrace."
Henry Dixon, a morphine "fiend," attempted
to commit suicide in a cell in the City Prison I
yLsierday.
James Dustin, a well-known driverof trotting
horses, was taken- home very ill from the Inple
side Track.
"Crispina c la Oomare," an Italian opera,
was sung last nipht at the Standard Theater
by local performers.
A new branch, number 5, of the Free Public
Library has been established at ""JO Harrison
street, "corner oi Kituh.
Governor Budd has a long list of applicants
tor the vacant major-generalship of the Na
tional Guard of this State.
Adjutant-General Barrett is said to favor the
promotionof General Warfield to the position
of major-general oi the .N. G. C.
Forty-fifth Assembly District Republican
Club has reorganized with an increased mem
oership for the coming campaign.
Captain Benjamin K. Roberts, Fifth Ar
tillery, is commanding the post at the Presidio
in the absence of General Graham.
The lepers at tne Pesthouse are getting along
nicely with the Goto remedy. The blood of a
dog once came near being a specific.
The only work in Golden Gate Park being
done at this time is the building of the bicycle
road and the tilling up of the Park annex.
Policemen Eskew and Dougherty arrested
Patrick Donovan and Thomas McGrath for a
double burglary early yesterday ruorninjj.
Sunday visitors were received aboard of the
Charleston and Comanche yesterday, both
vessels being prepared for their reception.
Eight Baldwin bellboys waited in vain
Saturday night to catch their leader, who lost
his nerve and did not quit work with them.
Colonel Alexander G. Hawes has returned to
San Francisco after a year's sojourn in Lon
don. He will return to England next month.
Elder Henry S. Tanner of the California Mor
mon Mission spoke last evening at Pythian
< a? tie upon the text, "Seek First the King
dom of God."
Late advices from Japan state that the United
States flagship Olympia recently had a speed
run of iour hours, making an average of 20.4
knots an hour.
I>ev. Dr. S. G. McFarland, a resident of Slam
for thirty-six years, founder of a school and
au'.hor of Siamese textbooks, has come here in
search of health.
The State central committee ol the Populist
party at a meeting last Saturday passed resolu
tions against everything like fusion with the
Democratic party.
The Salvation Army Xvoman's Shelter, 552
Stevenson street, was almost totally destroyed
by tire yesterday afternoon and over a score of
women are left homeless.
The Board of Pension Commissioners will
meet this morning to consider the advisability
oi pensioning off a number of prominent mem
bers ot the police department.
The cricket-match played at San Jose yester
day between the Garden City eleven and a
team from the Pacific Club resulted in a vic
tory for the latter by 121 runs.
The Pacific Mail steamship City of Peking
arrived early yesterday morning from the
Orient with twenty-eight cabin and 112 Chi
nese passengers in the steerage.
The Oaklands defeated the San Joses In a
ball game at Folsom-street grounds yesterday
by a score of 11 to 2. Tne Imperials beat the
Pacifies at Presidio Park, 9 to 7.
"The A. P. A. Sold Out" was the subject of an
interesting lecture delivered by Dr. George H.
Derrick before the Gooa Citizenship meeting at
Metropolitan Temple yesterday.
S. Hayakaiya, the private secretary of the
Minister of Finance of Japan, makes an Inter
esting statement of the national debt and
future poiicy of his island country.
Angel Island will be abandoned as a military
post and the Marine Hospital placed there if
the Secretary of War and the Secretary of the
Treasury adopt plans recommended.
The parishioners of St. Francis Church held
a fourth of July picnic at Plittsville Park,
Fruitvale, Saturday. There were athletic
games, music and patriotic exercises.
>frs. Ailie Gender, a widow who roomed at
x:h street, is in a padded cell at the Re
ceiving Hospital charged with insanity, but
the doctors say she appears perfectly rational.
The German ship Christine arrived yester
day from Sidney. Last Friday she came near
going ashore forty miles north of Point Reyes
in a dense fog, but was warned by the steamer
Mineola.
The Socialist party intends to fight to the
bitter end the case of William Cortley. who
was arrested on Seventh street last Thursday
night while conducting an open-air socialist
meeting.
Mrs. James \V. Manning, whose little son
Watson was killed by a Mission-street trolley
car Saturday night, threatens to kill the mo
torman and to begin suit for damages against
the company.
Virgilio Lucazzi, a boy aged 8 years, was
badly burned about the iace and limbs by the
explosion ot gunpowder. Ahich he had placed
in a beer bottle lor the purpose of celebrating
the Fourth of July.
The ambitious little brown men who cut
such a swell figure in the National celebration
on Saturday last are not satisfied with the
laurels earned on that occasion. They will en
deavor to join the National Guard'of Cali
fornia.
The feast of St. Peter was celebrated with
impressive services at St. Peter's Church yes
terday. Rev. P. C. Yorke preached a sermon,
m which he pointed out the necessity of an
authoritative head in spiritual as well as in
civil and temporal matters.
HEW TO-DAY.
wild"
With Eczema
I wa* a sufferer for eight years from Eczema, but
now am entirely cured. The palms of my hands
were covered and badly inflamed; little white
blisters appeared, then would peel off, leaving
a red, smooth surface, which would burn like
fire and itcb. On the inside of the upper part of
my limbs, great red blotches would appear, and
os soon as I became warm, the burning and itch-
ing would begin. Night after night I would lie
awake and scratch, and almost go wild. ■ I got a
box of Ccticuka, and a bottle of CcTicr/BA Kb-
solvent, and after a few applications I noticed
the redness and inflammation disappear ; Off ore I
Kad u»ed one box there waa not a *ign of Eczema
left. I can truthfully as«ert that $2.00 worth of
CoTicuoA IizMEDiES cured me.
JOHN D. PORTE, Pittsburg, Pa.
DriiDT Cciti TBrATMEI»T. — 'VFtrm bath« with CO-
-•icuka Soap, gentle application* of CcricirßA (oint-
ment), »ad mild doics of CuucuisA UjtsoLT«WT,grcate»t
of humor care*. . . i i
Sold throughout the world. Price. Oticcba,
fiOAP. 2Xc.i R*SOLVEXT. S(IC. »nd $1. rorr«K Diva
ASt>CHEM. Corp.. Sole Prop«.,Bo» ton. _.-_
«r " How to Permanently Cure Ec*ema," mailed fre*.
NEWS OF THE
WATER FRONT,
The Comanche and Her
Younger Sister, the
Charleston.
VISITING DAY ON BOARD
How the German Ship Christine
Was Warned Off the
Rocks.
NEWS FROM CHINA AND JAPAN
Catch of the Sealers— The Olympia
Has a Speed Run of 20 4
Knots Per Hour.
The Naval Reserve monitor Comanche
and. the cruiser Charleston had visitors'
day aboard, and a number of tugs carried
passengers to and from the two vessels.
The monitor, with her white awnings
spread, colors flying, officers and men in
mustering uniform, tried to hide her age
and appear Amazon-like in the presence of
her big but younger sister lying very fresh
and fair a few hundred yards away. Not
withstanding the years that have tramped
heavily over her old, worn decks the Co
manche makes a brave show, and crouch
ing low in the water looks all the right that
was in her a quarter of a century ago.
The Charleston in a new, snowy coat of
paint looked as youthful as when she left
the Union Iron Works an infant in 1869.
Colonels ChadDourne, Vail and San born of
the Governor's staff went out to the vessel,
first visiting Lieutenant-Commander Tur
ner and his officers on the monitor, then
steaming in their launch over to the
cruiser. Aboard of the warship all the
visitors were shown every courtesy and es
corted around the decks while the brass
band discoursed patriotic melodies.
The Pacific Mail steamship City of
Peking arrived from the Orient early yes
terday morning with twenty-eight passen
gers in the cabin and 105 Chinese and eight
Japanese in the steerage. The following
are the names of those in the cabin: John
Fryer, Mrs. Jarees Field and infant,
Charles Reed and wife, F. H. Balfour,
William Overton, M. Kirkwood, E. F.
Gros, W. Ewald, W. F. Luckey, A. Macon
dray, W. W. Dimond, C. S. Gawthorpe,
Rev. and Mrs. J. C. Ambler and two chil
dren, F. W. Percival and wife, M. Harris
and wife, C. B. McFarland, Rev. S. G. Mc-
Farland and wife, Miss Annie Demlapo,
T. Luis de Onativia.
The steerage people were landed at the
Angel Island Quarantine Station for ex
amination by the healtn officials.
By the Peking it is learned that the seal
ing schooner Florence Smith arrived at
Hakodate June 10 with 602 skins, and on
William D. Flinn, Who Has Been Appointed to West Point by Congressman
Maguire.
the 16th the schooner Ocean Belle came in
with 583 and the schooner Ida Etta with
642 skins.
On the 13th of June the fifteen survivors
of the British sealing schooner Catherine,
which foundered at ?ea. off the Japan
coast, arrived at HaKodate.
While on her way from Hakodate to
Yokohama recently the cruiser was given
a speed trial under natural and ran for
four hours logging an average of 20.4
knot* an hour. The British cruiser Cen
turian recently had a trial run of four
hours, developing a speed of a little over
IS knots an hour. Both vessels are the flag
ships of the United States and English
Bquadrons respectively.
The German ship Christine arrived in
this port yesterday, si.^ty-four days from
Sydney. N. S. W.. being twenty days
Blower than on her former trip.
Nothing of any importance occurred on
her voyage until last Friday afternoon,
when she reached a point about forty miles
northerly from Point Reyes. There she
was sighted by the steamer Mineola
headed toward the shore under a full
spread of canvas. A heavy fog was on the
sea and Captain Warneke of the Christine
was evidently away off his bearings. The
Mineola sounded a warning blast with her
whistle and signaled in the international
code, "Breakers ahead of you," and in
structed the ship to steer wide of the land.
The Christine answered and chanced
her course. The two vessels ran on the
same course, the steamer gradually draw
ing away from the sailer.
Suddenly the ship was observed to haul
her wind and head again for the shore.
Captain Pillsbury again warned the ship
of daneerand the signal was answered.
Presently the fog hid both vessels, but the
steamer turned and sought out the Cans
tine, and found her when the fog lifted
about a mile from the breakers. The Min
eola steamed in close to the ship and gave
her the true course. Her captain must
have followed these instructions faithfully,
as his vessel arrived safely in port.
A Boy Injured.
Last Thursday Samuel, the 12-year-old son
of Captain Thomson of the Park Police, was
driving in a buggy near the corner of Page
and Baker streets when be was|run into by a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 6, 189 G.
coal team and thrown from his seat. When
picked up it was found that the back of his
scalp had been lacerated from cur to ear. He
was taken by a man who was in a buggy on a
collecting tour to a house near by, and he
went away without leaving his name. The
driver of the coal cart drove off, and up to this
time has not been discovered. The Captain is
anxious to know who the collector is who as
sisted his son. The injured boy will recover
from the effects of the serious injury he re
ceived.
• — m «
A MORPHINE "FIEND."
Henry Dixon Attempts to Commit
Suicide in the City
Prison.
Henry Dixon, a young man who is a
physical wreck from the use of morphine,
attempted to commit suicide in a cell in
tbe City Prison yesterday afternoon.
He and five others were arrested last
Wednesday for vagrancy, and Dixon was
sentenced on Friday to six months in the
County Jail. He was constantly begging
the prison officials to give him morphine,
but his pleadings were useless.
Yesterday he broke the handle off an
iron bucKet in his cell, and when no one
was watching him, he cut his arm with
the rough end of tbe handle, and then
used it as a saw with the object of catting
all the arteries.
Tbe other prisoners gave the alarm, and
Dixon was taken to the Receiving Hospi
tal, wherere Dr. Fitzgibbon dressed his
wounded arm, and he was taken back to
prison.
Captain Robinson thought that Dixon
never contemplated suicide, but cut his
arm simply to try and create sympathy
so that he could get a "shot" of the drug.
Tlie Tabernacle of Moses.
Rev. -7. W. Kelchner delivered his very in
terestine lecture on "The Tabernacle That
W aa Built by Moses" before a large congrega
tion in Simpson Memorial Church last night.
The lecture was free. Another, and the only
other free lecture, will be delivered on Friday
night in Dr. Dille's church on Mission street.
GOING TO WEST POINT,
W. D. Flinn of This City Ap
pointed to the Military
Academy.
The Future Army Officer Is One of
the Organizers of the League
of tbe Cross.
William D. Flinn has just been ap
pointed to the West Point Military
Academy by James G. Maguire, Congress
man from the Fourth District.
The young man was born in San Fran
cisco in January, 1876. He was educated
in the Sacred Heart College of this City
and graduated from there with honors m
1894.
Mr. Fiinn was one of the first in the or
ganization of the League of the Cross Ca
dets, and was commander of Company D
until quite recently.
Since leaving college he has devoted his
time in the reading of law in the offices of
Judge Cooney.
The young cadet stands 5 feet 11 inches
in height, weighs 160 pounds and is an ex
pert with tne foils.
He has been nominated by Hon. James
G. Maguire to fill the vacancy in the acad
emy for the State of California.
ELDER TANNER SPEAKS
Exhorts Members of the Mormon Mis
sion to "Seek First the King
dom of God."
Elder Henry S. Tanner, president of the
California Mormon Mission, addressed a
large audience in Pythian Castle last ni^ht
upon the text "Seek First the Kingdom of
God." In the course of his address Elder
Tanner said:
"The church represents Christ's spiritual
kingdom and governs the spiritual con
cerns, and only those who accept the gos
pel can become members of the church;
but when the kingdom of God is wholly in
effect it will govern the civil or temporal
as well as the spiritual, and nations may
be members of the kingdom though not
members of the church, for all men will be
permitted to worship God according to the
dictates of their conscience.
'•The spiritual kingdom, dealing with
spiritual man, has an external or visible
organization, consisting of apostles, proph
ets, pastors and teachers. Gifts and bless
ings follow the believers and those who
conform to the laws of repentance and re
demption through Jesus, and will work a
reformation in the hearts of the people and
make them better in every way."
DRIVER DUSTIN ILL.
Had Hemorrhages at Ingleside and
Was Taken Home in a
Carriage.
James Dustin, one of the best-known
drivers of trotting horses in California, is
very ill. He had two hemorrhages at the
Ingleside track last Saturday, the latter
very severe, and was taken home in a car
riage. His condition yesterday was said
to be a little improved.
Dustin is highiy spoken of by horsemen.
He drove the best horses that ever pulled
a irig. Last year he was behind the famous
Directum.
The average life of a tortoise is from 100
to 150 years. Some have been known to
live 260 years-
GOVERNOR BUDO
AND THE STARS,
Aspirations for the High
Rank of Major-
General.
THE NATIONAL GUARD.
Warfield, Clunie, Turnbulb
Sumner, Macdonaid and
James.
THE BE COEDS DISPLAYED.
Adjutant-General Barrett Said to
Prefer Warfield's Pro
motion.
The duty now devolves upon Governor
Budd, commander-in-chief of the military
force of California, to appoint a major
general to fill the vacancy caused by the
Thomas J. Clnnie, Who Is a Candidate for Major-General to Succeed General
Dimond, Deceased.
death of General W. H. Dimond, division
commander of the National Guard.
The Governor is not troubled in the
slightest by the lack of application. It is
said that Brigadier-General R. S. War
field, Becond Brigade, would like to wear
the stars of the high rank, and that Adju
tant-General Barrett would take pleasure
in making out General Warlield's commis
sion. The matter could be arranged so
easily that the Governor would have noth
ing to do but sign the commission.
But there are others ; and rumor goes
around the camp that Thomas J. Clunie,
ex-brisadier-general, who bravely led the
Sacramento brigade to many inaugural
balls, would shake hands with the Gov
ernor over a major-general's commis
sion. The eloquent Tom and the impul
sive Jim have not been on terms of cor
diality since "Andy" was turned down to
give William M. Hinton the desirable
berth of Registrar of Voters in San Fran
cisco. Indeed the general left the Gov
ernor's office one day with his mind made
up never to cross the threshold of the ex
ecutive room In the State Capitol while
Governor Budd was inside.
In these days fraught with great issues
and holding forth prospects of great
honors, wise statesmen change their
minds and able soldiers change front. So
now it is considered sure that General
Clunie would accept a favor from Gov
ernor Budd; also that Andy's grief in see
ing Hinton commanding at the registra
tion office would be sensibly lightened by
seeing Thomas J. in command of the Na
tional Guard.
To the front comes Major D. E. Miles,
making a gallant contest in behalf of
Colonel William Macdonaid, First Infan
try, N. G. C. The colonel is now in Hawaii.
Indeed, he is the most unfortunate ot Na
tional Guard officers. Nothing happens
when he stays at home, but everything oc
curs when he leaves town. When the
troops were ordered to Sacramento two
years ago the colonel was East. He
hastened home with all the- speed possi
ble, but the strikers impeded travel, and
so while the colonel was across the moun
tains cursing fate that deprived him of the
chance for promotion, his subordinate,
Lieutenant-Colonel Geary, was at the head
of the Second Artillery gathering up
glory by the yard— the West Oakland
yards.
Now the colonel was at Honolulu when
the vacancy in the major-eefneralshiD oc
curred. He is absent while Warfield is on
the field personally directing movements.
But Colonel Macdonald's tried and true
friend, his trusted champion and able
subordinate, Major D. E. Miles, is not idle.
He is doing the work of two majors in the
cause of the absent colonel.
Ex-Major-General Walter Turnbull, who
commanded the troops in the celebrated
engagement at Tripe Hill, Santa Cruz,
during Governor Stoneman's administra
tion, is on the list of applicants for the
honor of leading the division.
General Turnbull has the advantage of
being a Democrat as well as a soldier,
while several of his competitors in the
contest are Republicans. General Turn
bull got his former commission as major
general without much ado or delay, but
he did have a monkey and a parrot time
with the late Adjutant-General Orton in
getting on the retired list with the rank of
major-genera!. If Governor Waterman
and Marcus D. Boruck had not sustained
General Turnbull with great gallantry
and fortitude the latter would have gone
on the retired list with honors skorn and
rumpled. No question was ever raised
about General Turnbull's pulchritude,
patriotism or proficiency, but General
Orton bad some ideas about the length of
service required for retirement and re
fused to accord the rank.
Last but not least in the list of appli
cants is Colonel Frank W. Sumner, who
served with distinction ad paymaster-gen
eral on the staff of Governor Markham.
As a tactician in a military sense he is by
far the superior of all other applicants,
but he is classed as a Republican in poli
tics. What he lacks in respect to party
devotion may be offset by personal influ
ence.
Colonel Nat T. James is mentioned as
an aspirant, but his recent promotion
from manager of an insurance company
to the rank of colonel is thought by many
to be the full measure of his ambition.
He is, nevertheless, regarded by all com
petitors for the place as a dangerous wire,
because he enjoys the special confidence
of the commander-in-chief. Colonel
James was educated at Annapolis for
service in the United States navy, but
this would not disqualify him from lead
ing the division.
MERRY STEVEDORES.
Forty-Third Keunion of Their Asso
ciation.Celebrated at Schuetzen
Park.
The Riggers' and Stevedores' Union
Association made merry at Schuetzen
Park yesterday. About 700 members and
friends of the organization visited the
park, and with picnic, sports and dancing
the forty-third reunion of the association
was made a decided success.
The games, which were under the man
agement of Morris Keane, Michael Hag
gerty, Dennis Lahey, William Drayton
and Michael McMahon, as judges, were
particularly interesting, and the prizes,
which ranged from a ton of coal to a
barrel of beer, were all well earned by the
winners.
The latter part of the day was devoted
to dancing. N. McCracken officiated as
floor manager and P. Northing as assist
ant. The floor committee was James
HumDhrev, Lawrence Smith and Thomas
White. To Alexander Campbell, presi
dent of the association, much credit is due
for the success of the picnic.
THE MORGUE WAGON BUSY
Coroner's Deputies Kept on the
Run Yesterday Fore
noon.
Gas Used by Three Men Who Made
Up Their Minds to
"Quit."
The Morgue wagon was kept busy yes
terday forenoon, no less than six cases
having been reported before the noon
hour. Of these three were suicides by the
gas avenue of exit.
William Hanson, aged 49, a native of
Germany and a widower, who resided at
920 Buchanan street, was found by Mrs.
Juncker, who smelled escaping gas in the
room occupied by Hanson. Sne notified
the police and the patrol wagon was sent
out to take him to the Receiving Hos
pital, but before he reached there he died,
and the body was taken to the Morgue in
stead.
It is surmised that he became dis
heartened over the conditions of the will
Jeft by his wife, who died a short time
since. She left him $1, giving the re
mainder of her property to her children
by a former husband. The deceased left
two children, a son and a daughter. He
was a member of the Knights of Honor.
William McCormack, a solicitor for any
thing that came in his line, saw fit to take
his leave by the same agency as Hanson.
He resided at 2028 Fulton street, and was
aged 45 years. A collection of well-writ
ten poetry was found among bis effects,
one piece setting lorth that no bells woula
toil or friends weep over his death.
Simon Askins, aged 54, a native of Rus
sia and a discharged soldier of the United
Stated army, with a first-class character,
followed the others by the same means at
957 Market street.
The case of Askins left no doubt of his
suicide, as he left a letter for his wife giv
ing full instructions to apply to the mili
tary authorities at tne Phelan building to
have him interred in the National Ceme
tery at the Presidio, and also to apply to
the United States Government pension
agent for a pension as his widow, saying
that the amount given her would support
her and their two boys until such time as
they could, help themselves.
Adkina' discharge snowed that he bad
served in the Federal army for two years
as a volunteer during the late war. After
ward, in 1866, enlisted in the regular
army and served twenty-four years, mak
ing twenty-six years' service "altogether;
his last discharge being dated July, 1895.
Another letter was directed to the Cor
oner informing him that there would be
no necessity to hold a post mortem over
his body a* he committed suicide.
Harry W. Parker, aged 30 years, died
suddenly from natural causes at 609 Bush
street.
Louise Vasselin, aged 77, a native of
France, was found dead in her bed at 393
Sixth street from the effects of old age.
Margaret Barbara, an infant aged 7
months, died suddenly at 458% Minna
Btreet.
Such was the record of the Coroner's
books for Sunday forenoon.
An Emporium Window Broken.
One of the large plate-glass windows in the
Emporium building on. Market street was
cracked by one of the Fourth of July missiles
which were so liberally fired off during the
eelebr&tiou. One of the watchmen claims that
he found a dynamite cap In close proximity to
the broken window and thinks that caused
the mischief.
FEAR FREE SPEECH
IS IN JEOPARDY.
Socialists Will Fight Bit
terly For Their
Rights.
WM, COSTLEY'S ARREST
Eminent Legal Talent Will
Plead in Court for Him
To-Day.
NOT A QUESTION OF DOCTRINE
Captain Spiilane Says the Speaker
Was Arrested for Obstruct
ing the Street
The case of William Costley, the social
ist orator who was arrested last Thursday
night on Seventh street for obstructing the
street, will come up in court for trial
to-day.
The socialists believe that discrimina
tion is being shown against them simply
on account of the nature of their utter
ances, and they intend to right the case to
the bitter end. "\\ T ith this motive in view
they have behind them the full support of
all organized labor in the City. Eminent
legal talent has already been consulted,
and the socialists feel almost certain that
Costley will be acquitted as were other
socialist speakers similarly charged about
a year ago.
Theodore Lynch, one of the prominent
speakers among -the socialists and secre
tary of the Central Trade and Labor Alli
ance, said last evening: "The next night
after Costley was arrested we continued
the meetings on the steps of the Mint
building. A large crowd congregated to
listen to us, but the police did not inter
fere.
'•Nothing of this kind is new to the so
cialists," continued Mr. Lynch. "It is
the same in Russia. A speaker is arrested
and is never again heard of there, unless
tome one happens to be passing through
Siberia.
"As soon as the news of Costley's arrest
was known we said we would rally again,
and considered it our duty to do so.
Despite this kind of persecution and ar
rest, socialism has progressed wonder
fully. Men know that socialism is a bless
ing in disguise.
"The party is by no means deterred
from continuing its open-air meetings,
which are a feature of its propaganda. The
various branches have developed a corps
of intelligent speakers, who will be heard
from on the stump in the coming cam
paign.
"The socialists regard this interruption
in a philosophic light and believe it will
redound to the interest of the rights of
every citizen. This interference menaces
the rights of every editor in the public
expression of his opinions. It is indi
rectly aimed at the right of free press and
free speech. While the leaders of the
socialist party do not look for any daz
zling success politically in the near future,
still they are active in the preservation of
their rights as free citizens, and judging
from the past history of their movements
elsewhere they have a bright future.
"The party nas consulted with eminent
lawyers to assist it in this present case.
Should the court decide adversely we will
fight the matter vigorously.
"The right of free speech, which has
been interfered with in this instance, is in
defiance to the constitution of tiie United
States and the socialists look upon the
matter seriously. These occasional inter
ruptions of peaceably and quietly con
ducted meetings are hard to account for
in any other lignt than as a blow aimed at
the free expression of a man's thoughts.
"Socialists have ever rezarded any at
tack or interferences on their speeches as
a light to additional propaganda; and
such arrests have almost invariably led to
the conversion of both Judge and jury, l
consulted Taylor Rogers on this arrest and
he expressed himself as being, unquali
fiedly against such interference."
J. W. Rose, ex-secretary of the Building
Trades Council, Baid: "It is the sentiment
of all the unions that this interference was
uncalled for and illegal, and something
that they will fight to the bitter end. We
will sustain the socialists in this propo
sition morally and financially. The so
cialists can always count on organized
labor when any such question as this is at
issue."
Captain Spillane said : "William Costley,
or easterly, was arrested last Thursday
night on Seventh street at 9 o'clock sim
ply for drawing a crowd tnat obstructed
the street. We do not care what the man
says, but no matter who he may be, if he
obstructs the streets he must be arrested.
Of course, if a speaker says things that
may incite a riot we would have to arrest
him. We do not arrest the speakers on
tin Mint steps for the reason that they are
out of the way. Still, if they were guilty
oi obstructing the streets we should cer
tainly arrest them. Sentiments have
nothing whatever to do with it. It is sim
ply a matter of street obstruction."
L. M. Manzer, corresponding secretary
of the Free Press Association, expressed
himself wholly against police interference
in special cases if the case does not trans
gress a City ordinance.
Branch Republican Clnb.
A pleasant entertainment was given on the
NEW TODAY.
Money back if you dont
like Schilling's** Best tea
means: _ our advertise-
ments have got to be true.
Suppose we tell you a
lot of things about our
tea, and get your hopes
way up, and the tea doesn't
satisfy those hopes.
You won't like it. You
will go back to your gro-
cer and get your money.
We shall have to pay him.
We can't afford that.
Schilling's Best has got to
be good; our advertise-
ments have got to be true.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 830
DR. A. BARKAN
HAH RETURNED FROM ETROPE AND RE-
sumed practice at his office, 14 Grant avenue.
new to-dat;
Naked Pills I \
jh are fit only, for naked say- >!»
$ ages. Clothes are the marks )l
..>.■ of civilization — in pills as well e|
]!> :as people. A good coat does <
« ? not make a good pill, any more j\ ;
]j> than good clothes make a good < j
ji^ man. But as sure as you'd |'
i look on a clothesless man asa j 1
: , mad one, you may look on a <»J
.' coatless pill as a bad one. «>
1? After fifty years of test no < ( !
] 0 •■' pills stand higher than « [
I AVER'S , I
| Cathartic Pills |
L SUGAR COATED. ,7
S \
night of the 4th of July by the Branch Re
publican Club in its clubrooms at 25J^ Stock
ton street. Patriotic speeches, sonps and reci
tations were in order until, an early hour in
the morning. -The club now numbers over 200
members, all of whom ire well-known resi
dents of this City. It is beyond question that
the Branch Club will be of great importance
during the coming campaign.
•—♦ — •
ASHES ON THE ALTAR.
San Francisco'B Streets Yesterday Bore
Traces of the Sacrifice* OiTered
Liberty the Day Before.
Th« streets of Shn Francisco yesterday
morning were covered with the ashes of
the offerings made the day previous to the
altar of patriotism. In other words, the
red and brown paper of exploded tire
crackers was drifted a foot deep in place.".
All through the Mission, around North
Beach and in the aristocratic West Bad
groups of small boys were seen poking in
to these piles, hoping desperately to ex
tract therefrom at least one cannon or
redhead still capable of destroying itself.
■ •—• — ♦ — • •
tflt is estimated that there are 240,000
women domestic servants in London, and
that 10,000 of these are always out of situ
tions or changing their place-.
NEW TO-LAY- AMUSEMENTS.
-^•■^— - — '"■; r^**"*"* ■— * * — -~--~^~^- —^~-^»—
rniCOLAnBtR.<SOTTIOD« o- itJit3Ar.3nA«M«j-"
NOT ~25
IN YEARS
HAS THERE BEEN SUCH A CAST
AS WILL APPiSAK TO-NIGHT IN
"LONDON ASSIIRICf
Dion L. Boucicault's Acme of All Great Plays.
The Most Charming Comedy Every Written.
Presented by
THE PRAWLEY COMPANY
Upon An Elaborate Scale
Never Equaled in San Francisco.
By Unanimous Request— Monday .Next,
"THE TWO ESCUTCHEONS."
%• THEATRE* PPQ D < _
TO-NIGHT AND UUKING THE WEEK.
. MATINEE SATURDAY!
L. R. Stoekw ell's Company of Players!
. Including MR. HERBERT KELCEY,
MISS KFFIB SHANNON
and the Star Cast.
. Presenting the Comedy Drama Success,
"AMERICANS ABEOAD"
By Victorlen .Sarclou, Author of
"I.a Toaca," "Fedora," Ktc.
At the Wonderfully Popular Prices.
July 13 I MISS ROaK COGHLAN.
— — I MR. FREDERICK WAKDK
And the Popular Stock well Players in
"CARMEN"
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MBS. knMOn KKKT.iva. rruprieior & .Maaac*.-
THIS (MONDAY) EVENING,
OPENING OF THE GRAND OPERA SEASON
Under the Direction of Mr. Gustav Hinrichs.
Donizetti's Favorite Opera,
-3s©>-**ijTTo:i:.^"-vSs^-
(ia Italian).
Also Tuesday, Thursday ana Saturday Evenings.
Cast Includes:
Mke. Louise Natali, Siq. Mackice i>k Vbies,
Sic. Fkrxaxbo Mh'hki.ena, SIQ. abrauoff, etc,
Wednesday, Friday and Sunday,
(iounod's Tragic Opera,
"ROMEO AND JULIET" (In Emrltsh).
First Appearance of Nina Bettina -Humphry*.
Anna lluss<"l, Angelina Casatl,
Bic bard Karl.
i ' ' '■
- Enlarged Chorus! Aiipmpnted Orchestra!
Correct Costumes ! * Appropriate Accessories !
Popular Prices— 2sc and 50c.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERArHOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
YfALThll MOKOaCQ. Sole Lensea and M&n»ir-
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
. The Distinguished Comedian,
JULK WALTERS
In His Up-To-Date success, Jssslo
.A. 3MC03XT3375r OIFiID 131*. :
Supported by the Tick of Our Company.
Special Commemoration Matinee To-mrorow .
. (Tuesday)..
. y.vjarr&i* Prjciu— 2sc and '•")«.
I Family Circle and Gallerr. IDs.
TTeiml Matinee* Saturday and Snndnr. '
: O'FarreU Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
' Week Commencing: Monday, July 6.
ANOTUER OR BAT BILL!
THE JACKLEY— ROSTONS,
COLLINS & COLLINS,
THE KOSSOW MIDGETS,
THE FREDERICKS TROUPE,
' 29— HIGH-GRADE ARTISTS! 29
Reserved Heats, i'&c; .Balcony, lUc; Opera Chain
and Box Seats, 50c. ■
EXTRA MATINEE TUESDAY.
: Regular Matinees Wed., Saturday and Sunday.
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth !
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
The Greatest Bill Ever Given in the City 1
. RUSSIAN COURT ORCHESTRAI
AGON, Queen of Wire Walkers.
SIBSRBIBTTA JONES, the "Black Patti."
PROF. MACABT'S BABOON. DOG
* AND MONKEY CIRCUS, and the
MARLO-DUNHAM FAMILY.
ADMISSION 1O cents.
Children, including Merry-Go-Round Klde, 5 cents.
Paths.
VENETIAN WATER CARNIVAL
WILL BE REPEATED AGAIN
, By Special Request, • - ■',;■'
MONDAY NIGHT, TUESDAY AFTER-
NOON AND EVENING,
In Honor 01 the Hoisting of the First American
Flag in California. '
SPECIAL ELECTRICAL, ILLUMINATIONS
And Electrical Fountain at Night.
GENERAL ADMISSION—
Adults, 10c ' Children, 80.
78
HONORED THEIR
PATRON SAINT,
Impressive Services Con
ducted at St. Peter's
Church.
AUTHORITY NECESSARY.
Rev. Peter C. Yorke Explains
the Necessity of Central
ization.
ONE GOD AND ONE CHURCH.
People of St. Peter's Admonished to
Pray for the Union of
Christendom.
The feast ol St. Peter was celebrated
with unusual solemnity and splendor at
the edifice bearing his name.
"St. Peter's never witnessed such a scene
before," declared Father Lyons at the
conclusion of the services, and the con
course of people of the parish who had as
sembled to do reverence to their patron
saint was truly something of which the
parish priests might be proud.
The feast of St. Peter is ordinarily ob
served June 29, but on this occasion it was
postponed until the Sunday succeeding.
A solemn high mass was celebrated by
Father Casey, assisted by Father Lyons
deacon, Father O'Ryan subdeacon and
Father Lynch of St. James Church master
of ceremonies. The music, which was
rendered by a choir specially trained for
the occasion, was under the direction of
Miss Mamie Coonan, organist. It was of
an unusually high order.
Tne sermon was delivered by Rev. Peter
C. Yorke, and the earnest attention which
the congregation gave to his remarks
testified to the esteem in which he is held
by the people of his faith. The theme of
his discourse was the necessity of
aut ority in order to have unity in the
church.
In temporal affairs, he said, unity is
effected by authority of the government.
The central Government at Washington
preserves unity in civil affairs, ana so is
authority necessary in the affairs of the
church. " Tne necessity of unity, he de
clared, was evident, else there would be a
constant state of confusion.
The speaker then compared this country
in regard to civil affairs with the church
in matters spiritual. He showed that just j
as the States, jealous of one another in
many ways, are veld together by authority
of Congress, tbe church is kept together
tbrouga its trials by a centralized au
thority.
"Until 360 years ago," he said, "there [
was unity in tne church, and that was as i
our Lord wished it to be. We hear those |
outside the church constantly, saying, •
'Search the Scriptures.' Let us "search the
Scriptures."
The speaker here referred to a number
of passages in the Bible from which he ]
adduced authority for an individual head
to the ennrch. "There is one Lord, one
faith, one baptism, one God," ne said, "so
there must be only one true church.
"The Lord appointed St. Peter supreme
head of his church. He said to him: j
'Thou art Peter, and upou this rock I will j
build my churcn, and I will give to tliee j
the keys ol the kingdom of heaven. Feea
my lambs. Feed my sheep.' And though
Peter had once been lacking in faith ne
gav<> him authority over me others. He
said to him, 'When thou art converted
confirm thy brethren.' These words show
that the Lord gave Peter autnority over
his church."
Father Yorke deplored the disruption of
Christendom, and declared that the dis
union arose chiefly from want of author
ity. There was uc guide to direct. "On
this day, the least of St. Peter,' he con
cluded, "the people of St. Peter's honor
the patron of this church. Pray that the
day may soon come when the disunion
will cease to be, and all people will be
witbin one church and worshiping one
God."
REUNION AT FRUITVALE.
Parishioners of St. Francis Church
Enjoy a Patriotic
Outlngr.
A merry reunion of the St. Francis
Church parishioners took place at Putts'
ville Park, Fruitvale, on July 4. The ex
ercises were interspersed with skillful
games of endurance and strength. The
Cosmopolitan Military band discoursed
music, and the platform at times was
crowded with yonng dancers.
The running races were the cynosure for
thousands and were well contested, pro
fessionals being barred.
In the race for young ladies much ri
valry was engendered, but an untoward
accident marred the contest. The daugh
ter of J. Wrede. 733 Union street, fell and
lractured her right arm. The fathers im
mediately dispatched for a surgeon.
Throwing the heavy weight, 56 lbs, was
hotly contested, and the prize was won by
the pastor, Father Carraher, who stands
over six feet and weighs 220 pounds of
avoirdupois. He immediately >&A that
"Heaven loved a cheerful giver," and i
forthwith distributed the $10 to the girls
to purchase firecrackers for the occasion.
The reception committee, under the
skiilful management of T. B. Cunning
ham, distributed seventy-eight gate prizes.
At the northwest corner of the park an
impromptu patriotic demonstration was i
had, and progressed uninterruptedly dur
ing the day. under the direction of the
younger element of the parish. The cen
tral figure of the extemporaneous display
of enthusiasm was Paul A. McCarthy, who
with histrionic effect read the Declaratir>n
of Independence, aud recited Drake's
"Address to the American Flag."
Firecrackers and cheers for the American
flag concluded the entertainment.
NO FUSION POSSIBLE.
The State Central Committee, of the
Populist Part Kxpresses Itself
on Democracy.
At a meeting of the executive committee
of the Populist State Central Committee
held in this City last Saturday, the follow
ing resolution on the Democratic nominee
was adopted:
Whereas, The metropolitan press of the two
old parties is continually misstating the posi
tion of the People's party, and thereby is mis
leading the uninformed regarding the People's
party position on preat National questions, and
especially as to its attitude toward indorsing
i he Democratic nominee for President of tiie
United States, should such nominee be a silver
candidate; . : - - - •• ■.- • ■
.- Therefore, the State Executive Committee of
the People* party of California, ill session ; on
July 4. 1896, in the most emphatic manner,
declares t.iat at no time and at no place has it
considered that sucn v union or ration or com
bination or indorsement would be either possi
ble or desirable.
Furthermore, We declare that, as a commit
tee, we will not support the | Democratic nomi
nee for President under any circumstances.
That the reason for such ■ action arises from
the fact that the Democratic part is a party of
. contcrvatism and Is antagonistic to the princi
ples of l'ornilism/iigg^sg&3*J?S*SSSs?**S!ißP»Q¥s
That It lit a party which has been discredited
by the people, and an indorsement of its nomi
nee by us would be taken as an indorsement of
its record. This we will never give.
Furthermore, we do not believe that on the
silver question the Democratic party is actu
ated by motives of principle, but by motives of
policy, and that as a party it can never secure
the free coinage of silver or of any needed
monetary reform.
Therefore the people as a whole would be
injured by a surrender of our principles and
the disbandment of the People's party, which
would ensue if we were to indorse a Demo
cratic nominee.
Furthermore, we consider that the great re
forms in government which the People's party
demand cannot be obtained, or even advanced,
by a fusion, or combination, or indorsement,
with either of the old parties.
tAN Francisco, Cal., July 4, 1896.
The following is the circular to People's
.Party voters of California:
Registration of voters under the old law was
kept open until within a few days of the elec
tion. By an amendment of the election laws
enacted in 1895 the registration of voters in
your county will close ou August 8 or 10.
This change in the law is not fully understood,
and it is your duty to take steps at once to see
that every Peoples-Party man is notified of
this fact. You must make it your business to
urgo and see ihat all Pepulists register immeai
ately. Failure to do bo means that thousands
of our voters throughout the State will be dis
franchised.
By order of tne executive committee, People's
Party. E. M. Warda^l, Chairman.
R. E. Bush. Secretary.
San Francisco, July 4, 1896.
ATTAR OF ROSES.
It >1»y After All Be Adjudged Exempt
From Duty.
The following communication has been
received :
San Frawcisco, Cat., July 5, 1896.
Editor Call: I notice an article in your issue
of tbe Ist in st. under tbe head of "Attar of
Koses," stating that an invoice of mine had
been held at the Custom-house, indicating
that my goods had been seized for duty. It it
true thtit I had an invoice of the article named
and that a question of the duly thereou bns
been raixed, but the merchandise has not been
seized. Under the Wilson and previous acts
attar of roses is free of duty by name, without
auy words of limitation whatt-wr. The Col
lector of Customs is disposed to collect dnty
upon it as an "essential oil," and that ques
tion has gone to the Board of General Apprais
ers; but I apprehend that the Collector's
action will not be sustained, because the rule
of construction is well settled, that a specitil
section relieving attar of roses from duty will
control a general section assessing duty upon
essential oils, of which attar oi roses is one o.f
many. 1 have imported this commodity be
fore and it has passed the cv.- turns officials
without imposition of duty. Yours,
M. B. Mihran,
324 Sutter stieet, San Fraucisco.
FINANCES Of NATIONS.
The Recent Heavy Bond Issue
of the Empire of
Japan.
Her National War Debt— A Big De
posit and Increased Internal
Expenses.
The existing financial policy of Japan
is likely to exert a greater or less influence
upon the future actions of other nations,
especially those that have invested in her
newly issued bonds. S. Hayakawa, pri
vate secretary to the Minister of Finance
of Japan, said yesterday:
"There is now on deposit in the Bank of
England the sum of £22.717.889 to the
credit of the island empire, and America
and England are watching anxiously to
see what she will do with it. Under the
system lately adopted by Viscount Wata
nabe, the Minister of Finance, there will
be. a great increase in the governmental
expenditure.
"The national debt of Japan ($196,
-131,000) was the result principally ol the
change irom the feudal to the State sys
tem of government and of the reorganiza
tion of its finances necessitated by the
late war with China. The ancient foreicn
debt will be liquidated within a year and
recently Europeans and Americans have
been investing liberally in Japanese bonds.
These bonds comprise the feudal pension,
the naval, the consolidation, the war and
the state railway bonds.
"Tbe war bond was issued last year and
bears interest at the rate of 5 per cent per
annum. The railway bond, issued in 1892,
has been gradually increased until it now
amounts to 6,000,000 yen.
"It is expecied by her Ministers that the
public loan of Japan will be somewhat in
creased in tne future to permit oi the
speedy construction of railroads, etc., but j
tbe policy of the Government is cautious ■
and opposed to incurring any debt until a
way has been devised for its payment.
"The Bank of Japan issues the only !
paper money, which is convertible with sil
ver, on demand. The national bank notes
are being gradually replaced by the paper
money. The Bank of Japan, in Tokio,
under the strict supervision of the Gov
ernment, is now authorized to issue only
paper money, convertible with silver."
BE LIVED LONG IN SIAM,
Rev. Dr. McFarland, Founder of
the First English School
in Bankok.
Author of Siamese School and Scien
tific Books — He Came Here
to Live.
Rev. Dr. 8. G. McFarland, for thirty-six
years a resident of Bankok, Siam, has
come from the Orient to spend his de
clining years in Berkeley or in Oakland.
He arrived yesterday on the City of
Peking with his wife and daughter and his
son, Dr. George McFarland, physician in
charge of a large hospital in .Bankok, the
capital of Siam.
"I went to Siam in 1860," said the aged
clergyman, when seen at the Occidental
last night, "not in a palatial ocean erray
hound. but in a small sailing vessel, by
way of the Cape of Good Hope.
"For the first fourteen or fifteen years I
was engaged in missionary work in con
nection with the Presbyterian Missionary
Society of America. Then I was appointed
by the King to establish and take charge
of a high-class school for the young
princes and the youths of the first families.
"It was the first English school in Ban
kok and was modeled on American lines.
I began with sixty pupils, and there were
300 boys of the best famines under my
care whtn I left the school in 1891.
"For the next three years 1 was en
gaged in compiling school-books in Siam
ese — a geography and first, second and
third readers, much after the general
style of the school text-books used In
America.
"I al?o wrote some scientific works deal
ing with the botany and the geology of
Siara. Latterly I have arranged in the
Siamese language a series of books on both
single and double entry bookkeeping.
"Bankok, I suppose, has a population of
about 400.000 or 500,000, but the Govern
ment has never taken a census. It is the
lamest city in the kinpdom. Foreigners
estimate the population of the whole coun
try at from 5,000,000 to 8,000,000.
"The Siamese are bri-rht and progres
sive, but not so much so a? the Japanese.
The Km» — 1 have Known him since he
was a little boy— is very desirous of im
proving his people, «nd he is well liked.
"The exports of Siam are raw silk,
hides, teakbark, tenbark and rice. The
natives do a pood deal of fine art work in
gold and silver in knd for ti.e palace."
Mr. McFarland is broken down in health
and has chosen the neighborhood of San
Francisco, he says, as second to Honolulu,
the paradise of the Pacific. He has rela»
- -es In Pennsylvania and Ohio.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 6, 1896.
FORTY-FIFTH
REPUBLICAN CLUB,
Getting Into Working Order
for the Presidential
Campaign.
ACTIVE POLITICIANS.
The Northeastern Section Will
Not Be Left Behind
This Year.
ROCK&OLLERS NOT IN IT.
Telegraph Hill Pronounced for Pro*
tection and M-jor Mo
Kinley.
The First and Third wards, which used
to be mortgaged to the ancient Democratic
party, have been redeemed.
A change in the personnel of the voting
1 C. O. y ABLE, President. t. M- E. BABB, Viet- President. S. W. S. WOOD, Secretary.
L W. SHEW, Treasurer.
OFFICERS OF THE FORTY-FIFTH DISTRICT REPUBLICAN CLUB.
residents has destroyed the power of the
Democrats to lay claim to it any longer.
This change is due in a great measure to
the growth of the City and tbe high death
rate of old-timers, known to tbe early
pioneers as men who would rather vote
early and olten than attend a do«-hi:ht.
The Republican club recently formed in
the Forty-fifth has also had a great in
fluence toward increasing the moral tore
of the politics of that locality. The ciub
was organized in December, 1895, and has
a membership of 400. It was reorganized
Jnne 4 with the followinpomcers: Charles
G. Nagle, president; M. E. Babb, vice
president; W. S. Wood, secretary, and
William Shew, treasurer. The executive
committee is composed of: M. E. Babb.
chairman; R. E. Silveria, W. S. Wood, C.
J. Ward, J. F. Lawaon, W. Shew, T. J.
Stanton, L. Kirschbaum, Philip Brown
and W. A. Scott. This committee has
been authorized to procure suitable head
quarters for the club during the campaign.
In view of the action recently taken by
the County Committee in increasing its
number, this club unanimously indorsed
W. S. Wood as the additional member
from the district. Mr. Wood will prove a
very acceptable member of that body. If
elected he will iook attentively after the
interests of his section of the City in his
capacity as an executive officer. He has
the respect and confidence of his associ
ates in the club and of the better class of
residents in the district.
FOR A HOSPITAL ONLY,
The Angel Island Post for Mili
tary Purposes May Be
Abandoned.
Applications to Succeed Admiral
Eeardslee, U. S. N , as Commander
of the Pac fie Squadron
Angel Island as a military post may
be abandoned and the troops of t'>e United
States Infantry there stationed be trans
ferred to the Presidio and Benicia Bar
racks. In case this project is carried out
the United States Marine Hospital, now
occupying grounds on tae Presidio Reser
vation, will be transferred to ihe island.
Some half-forgotten incident- concerning
the location of the hospital on tbe reser
vation may be recalled.
When it was decided to abandon the old
Marine Hospital near the Pacific Mail
Dock?, now used as a Sailors' Home, per
mission was given to locate tbe institution
on a military reservation, provided the
Secretary of the Treasury and tbe Secre
tary of War could agree on a lc cation.
They did agree on the present location at
the bea<i of Lobos Creek on the Presidio
Reservation and this was accepted.
The Government expended $40,000 in
the construction of a building and subse
quently allowed $20,000 for laundry appli
ances and other apparatus.
borne good reasons are said to exist now
for removinu the hospital, and Ange!
Island, where patients could tie trans
ferred from ships in rowboats and con
veyed to tbe hospital wards without being
jolted over the streets of the City, pre
sents many advantages. The island with
out fortifications is not u?efui as a mili
tary station, and the great scheme of
harbor defense does not seem to contem
plate the building of works there.
An examination of the barracks at the
Presidio has been made, and Dy transfer
ring another artillery company to Fort
Mason and enlarging the accommodations
at Benicia it appears that the infantry
companies now stationed at the island can
be properly sheltered. In fact, it is held
t»v the highest military authorities that
the main concentration of troops on this
coatt should be at the Presidio.
It is essential aiso that the water supply
of the Presidio should be ample for any
emergency, and that thy water should be
free from all pollution. The location of
the Marine Hospital at the very source of
the natural water supply of the Presidio is
regarded as a serious drawback. The sub
ject was freely discussed by General R. N.
Batcheider, and Major Davis, the repre
sentative of the Secretary of War, when
these officers recently inspected the mili
tary posts of this department.
The subject is now under consideration
at Washington, and should tbe Secretary
of the Treasury and the Secretary of War
agree the hospital may be moved to Angel
Island, and the troops moved from the
island to the Presidio without Congres
sional legislation. The authority orignally
conferred on these departments to estab
lish the hospital on a military reservation
has not be«n revoked.
The surgeon-general of the Marine Hos
pital service expected to visit San Fran
cisco at the time the quartermaster-gen
eral and the representative of t c Secre
tary of War inspected the posts here, but
when he was about ready to leave Wash
ington the reports of cholera in Cuba made
it necessary for him to remain on the At
lantic seaboard. All the papers »nd esti
mates bearing on the proposed transfer of
the Marine Hospital to Angel Island have
been prepared and submitted to him.
General William M. Graham has gone
to Monterey for a few days. Captain Ben
jamin K. Roberts, Fifth Artillery, is com
manding the post.
Lieutenant Oliver E. Wood, Fifth Ar
tillery, has been granted leave of absence
for one month.
Major Charles P. Eaean has been as
signed to duty as chief commissary of sub
sistence of this department.
Captain Oscar F. Long, A. Q. M., has
been assigned to duty as post quarter
master at the Presidio.
Major John A. Darling, Fifth Artillery,
has been granted leave of absence for
eleven days.
First Lieutenant J. F. Reynolds Landis,
First Cava.'ry, has been granted leave of
absence for one month.
One of the most important army retir
ing boards ordered for many years will
convene in Chicago about the middle of
the month. Tho duty of the board will
be to examine for retirement officers from
the rank of colonel to lieutenant. It is
understood that Major General Weiley
Merritt will be the senior officer and chair
man of the board. Brigade General E. S.
Otis, will proDably be seiect d as one of the
officers to serve. An officer with the rank
of colonel will be the third line officer on
the board. Two medical officers of high
rank will also be detailed.
Advices from Washington report that
among the officers who will be ordered to
appear before the board are Colonel R. E.
A. Crofton, Fifteenth Infantry; Lieuten
ant-Colonel J. H. Bradford, Seventeenth
Infantry; Major A. S. B. Keycs, Ttiird
Cavalry; Major J. A. Darline, Fifth Ar
lillery, and Major J. Turnbufl, First Ar
tillery.
Commodore J. A. Howell and Commo
dore George Dewey of the United States
navy have made formal application to
command th* Pacific Squadron. Admiral
Beardsiee's two years on this station will
expire in August. Word came from
Washington that tbe Admiral lias asked
to remain on the Pacific for another year,
but that Secretary Herbert will feel com
pelled to decline the request, as there are
several officers of fla.r rank who have had
no sea service on tiiis line.
SHARKEY AND CHOYNSKY.
They Sparred, but Not Together, for
Miark«y's Benefit.
The drawing card at the People's Palace
last night was the announcement that Pu
gilists Sharkey and Choynski would spar a
four-round bout. "
This simple announcment had the effect
of filling the building with a paving crowd.
Both pucilists in their respective lines
being favorites their friends were anxious
to show their appreciation of their merits.
■Vetth're was a little disappointment in
the programme, as the two braves did
not face each other, the change being that
Choynski sparred with a light-weight
named Leon Agnew from Illinois. •
Of course, tne three rounds' sparring
was chicken play to Choynski, who per
mitted the lightweight to tease him for
the benefit of the audience.
Not so, however, with the tnree rounds
sparred by Sharkey and . Needham, as
Iseedliam kept Corbett's friend in active
motion during the play. Of course, Shar
key kept control ot himself and did > not
deal any of his powerful punches on the
; body of his trainer.
The entertainment last night was in the
shape of a farewell testimonial to Sharkey,
who is going East.
Yesterday Fire Alarm*.
An alarm was sounded from box 278 yester
day at 11:40 a. m. for a fire in a frame dwell Ing
house occupied by H. Bosse, 1015 Caitro
street. The blaze was caused by tbe careless
use oi firecrackers. The loss will amount to
about $20. A pile of burning lumber at the
foot of Kearny street caused an ainrra to be
turned in through 352 at 12:15 o'clock yester
day afternoon. Firecrackers are also respon
sible for this blaze. The lumber, which was
owned by the GoMen Gate Lumber Company,
was damaged to the extent of aDout fiOO.
Loajts on diamonds. Interest low. At Cncle
Harris. 16 Grant avenue.
•—• — « — •
The death-rate of the sailors in the mer
cantile marine ia twelve per 1000— lower
than oa iand.
REALTY MARKET REVIEW,
Summary of Transactions for
the First Half of This
Year.
A GOOD BUILDING RECORD.
Jane a Light Month for Business.
Miscellaneous Notes of
Interest
The record of real estate transactions,
mortgages and releases for the first half of
the present year is not as encouraging as
it might be. It indicates a general dull
ness that seems to increase rather than
diminish. A variety of reasons for exist
ing conditions are given by different brok
ers and dealers. Some regard the cause as
largely local in character and contend that
the present depressed condition of the
market is due mainly to the heavy tax
rate of last year. Others are of the opin
ion that tbe generally disturbed financial
condition of the country is largely respon
sible for a disinclination on the part of the
people, especially capitalists, to invest to
any extent in real estate. In nearly all
the large cities of the country the same
dullness exists to nearly or quite as great
an extent. The tax question does not
obtrude itself so prominently in
hardly any other place as it
does at present here, for last year San Fran
cisco enjoyed the rather unenviable distinction
of havln; nearly or quite the highest tax rate
of any City in the country. This was of course
an additional handicap to the real estate mar
ket that other cities did not have to contend
with, yet elsewhere business generally has
been reported slow »il the year. From this it
is fair to assume that the general condition oi
the country is as much if not more responsible
for the prevailing condition of the mßrketthan
any other one cause, and it will require more
than a decreased tax rate to cause a renewal of
activity in realty transactions.
The story of the mariet for the first half of
1896, as indicated by th records, is told in the
f^ilowin^ figures, which are taken from the
July issue of Magee's Real Estate Circular:
Mouth. I No. I «_„__»
Sales. Alnonnt
Mouth.
January 287 i*l, 189,365
February 298 1.&43.182
March. Sltf 1.131.405
April SSI 1,187,465
May 302 1,266.230
June 241 916,238
Total*
1855 1(7.233.883
No.
Sales.
Amount.
Total sales for last six months
of 1895 1821 «7,043.183
Total sides for first six months
"'1895 1894 8.904.178
Total sales for last six months
_°* 1894 v 1694 6,339.668
Total <«les tor first six months
of 1894 1710 7,887,382
MOBTBASKB AND RELEASES FOR THK FIRST SIX
MONTHS OF 18 6.
Grand Totals
of 1895"
ha of
Individ • a'
ruin
Loan Hnvmgitancl
Krencb and
and Society
Bank
Union
Security Hunk
Mutual
Loan
puny VllV 11
and
By Whom Taken ob Hklvahku
2336
VU9H 2849
2U98
810
.870. 870
49 63
238 49
46 288
173 4B
21 173
21
60
'i l4
2
a
_____
lion
8,070.72tf
$1. 9f10,943!
4, 11
120
847,000 145.800
0 847,000
30H.141 117,660
C9,40(t 78&.410
&9,40<1 808,141
H'J.6OO
o
f
■
TOAQEB.
»0,«B1,014
1262
7.060.861
-
-
98,898.914 780
278 2,084,145
170,300 70
7«2,H0fl 124 9.\70O 12 .
17. 6D 7»2,80fl 124
184 11, 1,0 175,268
20 Mi 184 1,011, Mil
67,480 26 04, i6O
6,300 3 67,480 25
8 6,300
a % i I
a* c
r« r
BKI.KASKH.
The building record for June makes a very
favorable showing. During the month 103
contrHcts were filed calling for an expenditure
of $730,093. The building record for the first
hilf ol tut- year makes a more favorable show
ing than the record ot real estate transactions
for the same period. The following figures are
supplied by Wolfe's Building News and Re
view:
Month-
No. of
Con-
tmcts
filed.
Amount.
January 62 ' f 561,906
February... 72 241,227
March 102 583.7H1
April 130 790,047
May...;: 97 372.316
Jane 103 730,093
Totals 637 $3/279,350
The summaries for the month ot June for
each year since 1890 are as follows :
Year.
Number.
Value.
1890
1891-
I^2.
1893......
1894
lg»s
1896 ....;........
127
146
105
135
73
143
lU3
81,021.218
722,388
658.836
601.464
303,61-'
647,104
730,093
For the first six months of the year the rec
ord stands as follows :
Tkab.
Nnmber. Value.
.890. .........
831.
893 .
,M) 3.
.894
H95.
898 I
833
781
628
548
404
598
637
*5,57tt.00'
4,57 : ,07i
3,187,43!
3.021,05 i
2.625,071
3,030,471
3,279,351
Magee's Real Estate Circular for July con
tains the following timely article:
THE BSWAKD OF WORK.
The City of San Francisco (headed by Claus
Spreckels and sons with a subscription of
$/00,000) raised the total sum of $2,400,000
and the result will be a first-class railroad
from Stockton to Fresno, a distance ttar of 250
miles. The issuance of bonds for $6,000 000
will complete this road to Bakernfield, near
the southern end of the valley, and will rlso
give this City and State a road, by some route
not yet selected, irom Stockton to San Fran
cisco bay. For over twenty years the people
of the City and State have maintained a'news
paper and wordy war against the Southern
Pacific and its varied exactions and over
charges, without accomplishing anything
whatever in the way of redress; but at last the
peopie of this City stopped talking and began
act'.ng.
They raised the sum named and used it in
the construction of a first-class opposition rail
road. The result, alth'>"<rh the line is only
finished to Fresno, is th. 1 1 :e Southern Pacific
has already reduced its t- t ■ to a point which
it lately declared before the Railroad Coramis
sioners, if it were torced to adopt, would re
sult in bankruptcy. We call attention to these
facts to show the utter uselessness of com
plaints and talk, and the vital power of money
and work. During the past five years of dull
times every other man, especially the rich
bas made complaints without end. Each one
has talked as though he had a personal greiv
ance against somebody because times were
hard, rents falling and profits low. or actnal
losses taking their place. All such peopie
should be Suppressed hereafter as impudent
nuisances.
No one has a right to constant prosperity
and profit but he who manfully, in and out of
season, works for them. San Francisco, one of
the wealthiest of cities, had been going behind
every way, and she deserved to go behind, for
she allowed the railroad monopoly go to dis
criminate against her that in the conrse of a
few years more there would have been no out
side trade at all left to her. At last she woke
up and the San Joaquin Valley road is the re
sult. Now that enterprise is but the beginning
of the discharge of her duties. A lint- up the
Sacramento Valley, a line of steamships of her
own on the Mexican and Central American
c>a^t must be established, and another to New
York, either by Tehuantepec, Panama or the
Stmits of Magellan. All of those Projects this
City must launch and control. Thus we will
bo discharging our duties to this great State.
When we do so prosperity will come and rents
and real estate will agaiu advance, Mean
time, as we have said, the man of means who
does nothing but complain should be treated
as a nuisance and sharcly suppressed. All he
has, as a rule, he made out of the exertions
and enterprise of others.
REVIEW OK THE BECORDS.
There were sixiy-two transfers recorded last
week.
Twenty-three building contracts calling for
the expenditure of a trtai of $95,037 were
filed last week. The particulars were, as usual,
published in The Call at the dale of tiling.
Tuere were but thirty releases granted last,
week, aggregating $66,674. They were nearly
nil for small amount*, and none was for
$10,U00or over.
Fifty-nine mortgages, aggregating $169,537,
were recorded last week. Tne principal ones,
together with the security given, were:
By the Hibernin Savings and Loan Society,
for one year at 6\i per ceut, $10,000 on prop
erty on the north line of Was nin^ton street,
137 :6 teet east of Buchanan, east 50 by north
127:8'^; by the same, for one year, at <o% per
cent, $10,000 on property on the souineast
corner of Market and Sanchez streets, south
97:10%, eas i 125, north 60:4:% wtst 83:3?g,
north 68:6%, southwest 49:1; and by tne
same, for tlnee years at 6}^ per cent, $30,000
on property on the northc-ast line of Main
street, 137:6 feet southeast of Foisom, south
east 137:6 by northeast 275.
MISCELLANEOUS NOTES.
H. E. Poehlman reports the sale ot the block
at Forty-fiith avenue and U street, 240x600,
for $3450; also a lot 30x72, on the northwest
corner of Lake street and Ninth avenue for
$1160.
McOougall Bros., architects, are preparing
plans for a residence to be erected for A. S.
Johnson on a loi 34xlvJ7, on the south line of
Broadway, near Oetavia street.
David Bu>h. of the country department of
O'Farrell & Co., reports the sale for $8000 of
the Dick ranch, near Martinez, Contra Costa
County, consisting of 145'j acres of land, of
which there are about uiemy-flve acres in
bearing vineyard of wine grapes and about ten
acres in orchard of pears and prunes, the bal
ance of the land grain and pasture. The pur
cha-er is Frederick L. Sheckler oi Oakland, ana
the sellers the heirs of the Emma Cowie estate.
J. A. Stoner has commenced the erection of a
pretty six-room cottage on a lot'oo the east
side of Tenth avenue, between H and I
streets. This lot is in a block tlint is being
handled by Baldwin & Hammond, a number
of lots in which have been sold by them.
Jacob Heymun report-! the following recent
saies: Two lots 25x114 each, on the south
line of Twenty-ninth street, for $350 each;
one on the corner o, J street and Forty-eighth
aveuue ior $600, one on the corner of X street
and Forty-eightn avenue for $050, two lots on
Forty-eighth avenue for $350 each and five
lots in block 1153 for $750.
bhainwald, Buck bee & Co. have added a
country department to their business, which
will be iv charge ol W. G. Griffith of San Joae.
a gentleman who is familiar with farming
and fruit lands of this State and one who is
well known as an energetic and reliable real
est&te man. Special attention will be given to
properties in the bay counties and lands in the
Santa Clara Vailey.
Oscar Foss has* purchased from Joseph G.
Dem ing the brick warehouse and lot 50x59:9
on the northeast corner of Drumm and Com
mercial s.r<eU for $30,500. The purchaser
has made a deed of tru>t of the property to the
San Francisco Savings Union for $15,500.
Mary L. K. Ya de-Buller has given a deed of
trust ior $12,200 to James M. Ailen and W. S.
Goodfeliow, anu the Lancashire and Yorkshire
Reversionary interest Company (limited) of
property at the tout h west corner oi fine and
Bauery streets, 97:6x45:10; property at the
northeast corner of trout mid Pine streets,
87:6x137:6; an undivided one-half interest
in property at the e«st corner oi Ninth and
Harrison streets, 275x275; also property in
Alameda County.
BADGES TO BE CHOSEN.
Designs for the Emblem of
the Golden Gate
Carnival.
The Committee Will Meet This
Afternoon and Consider
the Matter.
The time for the reception of the designs
for the badges, stationery and regalia for
the carnival of toe Golden Gate expires
this afternoon at 4 o'clock. A committee,
consisting of Dr. F. W. D'Evelyn, Colonel
O'Byrne and R. P. Doolan, will be at head-
quarters to receive the designs. A num
ber have already been sent in, and from
the class of work submitted the committee
will have a delicate task in selecting the
finest and most appropriate.
All seem to have gotten the carnival
spirit and embodied the idea in connection
with the resources of the Golden State.
The designs submitted already embrace a
large variety of subjects.
Hugh Craig, president of the Chamber
of Commerce, has accepted the invitation
of the executive committee to preside at
the mass meeting to De held on Thursday
afternoon next at 2:30 p. m. at the rooms
of the Chamber of Commerce, in the Mer
chants' Exchange building. General War
field has received assurances from many
of th? prominent business men all over the
City that they would be present and give
the carnival a good start, both morally
and financially. A list of fifty vice-presi
dents is now* being prepared/and will be
announced prior to the meeting.
Special designs for artistic posters for
the carnival have been suggested to the
executive committee. They are very
favorably impressed with those offered*.
and have invited other artists to submit
designs. It is proposed to issue a series of
these posters, sending them all over the
United States to call attention to the
features of the carnival. Poster-collecting
being a fad, it is thought that a small reve
nue, sufficient to pay for their issuance at
least, can be derived from their sale from
those engaged in this delectable pursuit.
There will be no dearth of music at the
carnival if the committee accept only halt
the offers of loreign bands that have been
already tendered. The latest band to ap
ply for a place in the carnival parade is
Rosati's Naval Reserve Band from the
State of New Jersey. The manager writes
from New York to say that the Dand has
been engaged for the Dallas Exposition
for the month of October and thinks it
would be a good Idea if the people of San
Francisco would arrange to nave them
here. Local musicians, however, will have
first choice in all contracts for music.
•—• — • — •-
Tbe Queen's watermen are officials with
out an office. A waterman without a
bsrge must be something like an editor
without a paper. But we must not forget
this difference, that while one fattens on
the indulgence of the nation, tlie other
would starve. There are altogether 36 of
this admirable body of do-nothings For
performing their task admirabiv they re
ceive a solatium of about £5 a year
THE POT CALLED THE KETTLE biaV-it ~
BECAUSE THE HOUSEWIFE CX
DIDN'T USE
__SAPQLIO
■4^^^ MANHOnriRF^TnRcn act " >ioENE "
IV. £& Y> • >U)\ Tn2?«? r .^"f wea of the generttUv;^r^ cure 7 OU of all. net.
HA #£slk ' T 4am, nmSt ai *tf t ± n * bi **"> ■Back.Smln.J^i 11 ' f uch M t Manhood,
■ BEFORE .n^fzß g^&Sra^
- °' § A/OMarkei [«««, Ban Fimnclaco. C«I. For sal. by
NEW TO-DAY.
.
MUNYON
CORING THE SICK
. •■ ■ .
HIS IMPROVED HOMffiPATHIC REMEDIES
ENDORSED BY ALL WHO HAVE
USED THEM.
ONE MAN'S GREAT WORK.
Professor Munyon Has Placed Within
the Reach of All a Cure for Each
* Disease — Rich and Poor
Alike /way Doctor
Themselves.
Get Munyon'* Guide to Health From
Your Neare.t Drasrgi«t-It Will Te)l
You What to true, and You Can Buy
the Remedies From Any Druggist at
25 Cent, a Bottle— Can Be Your
Own Doctor. - *
Mr. J. H. Seeba. Secba's Exchange, 340
Kearny street, San Francisco: "For the
benefit of those who suffer from rheuma-
tism I want to testify to the wonders ac-
complished by Muuyon'd Rheumatism
Cure in my case. When I asked for a bot-
tle of it my druggist had none in stock,
but soon put in a supply, and when I went
after another bottle he informed me that •
the sale was simply surprising. Of course,
this encouraged me 10 continue its use, and
to-day I am entirely free from rheumatism
pains, which made my life a burden for so
many years. 1 am not only free from pain,
but 1 can also state truthfully that my gen-
eral health is much improved by tbe treat-
ment. Its action on the kidneys in my
case was extremely gratifying, especially
as I had suffered to such an extent from
this cause in addition to rheumatism."
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom fail*
to relieVe in 1 to 3 hours, and cures in a few
days. Price, 25 cents. ' . . ,
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all form 3 of indigestion and stom-
ach troubles. Pricp. 25 cents.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25 cents.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops cou?h3,
night sweats, allays soreness ana speedily
heals the lungs. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins, and all
forms of kidney disease. Price 25c.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops head-
I ache in three minutes. Price 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively cures
I all forms of Diles. ' Price, 2-5 cents.
Mnnyon's Blood (Jure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price, 25 cents. ,
Munyon's Female Remedies are a boon
| to all women.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure— price 25c— •eradicates
the disease from the stem, ana the Ca-
tarrh Tablets— price 25c — cleanse and heal
the parts.
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost powers
to weak men. Price, $1. \t
A separate cure for each disease. At all
dni'-eist3, mo-tly 25c a vial.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
FA1 L Cq
fficifliUWEANY
That this noted specialist stands pre-
eminently at the head of the medical pro-
fession is no longer a question of doubt.
That he has investigated further into the
mysteries of life and penetrated deeper
the secrets of disease, than his quite
worthy but less successful associates, 'a
now acknowledged by all. His experi-
ence is lifelong, and h s record right here
in San Francisco, at 737 Market street, is
simply
A Series of Professional
Triumphs*
There are thousands upon thousands in
this land to-day who are praising his
name, because he has made their lives
j happy and brought sunshine into their
! homes. On Friday afternoons he treats
j free of charge the poor who call at his
j office. The following are amoag the dis-
eases he cures:
WTERiMIjMGJIIW' AU leases of the
1.1 1 MM 1L VllUiWd. eye, ear, head, heart,
throat, luntrs, liver, stomach ana bowels posi-
i tively curea in the shortest possible time
; Special attention given to Rupture, Pile«
Blood and Skin Diseases and Female Com-
; plaints.
YOl \Ti W\ U ,J? n *"> troubled with
i IVUIIU JIL.I. vital losses, exhaus \nx
drains, pimples, bashfulness, aversion to soci-
ety, gtupidnesa, despondency, loss of energy,
ambition and self-con nee, which 2e-
Drive you of your manhood and absolutely un-
■ fit you for study, business or marriage-if you
are thus afflicted you know the cause. Get well
and be a man.
SIIDDLE-AGED All OLD i»lE]\V»san J d,
1 of you troubled with weak, aching backhand
I kidneys; frequent, painful urination and aedi-
S e ?,li « urine *« im p< l tenc y or weakness of
sexual organs, and other unmistakable sisns
M B nervous , debility and premature decay
Many die of this difficulty; Ignorant of the
cause, which is the second stage of seminal
weakness. The most obstinate cases of thu
, character treated with unfailing success.
PRIVATE £ * seB -Gleet. Inflammations,
of nM.nc £ har f es \ Strictures, Weakness
?r\i«h g « «'ni?& drocBle * Varicocele and kindred
lion from^Sssl 11^ without p** and deteQ
HAIL t ß ro"uS{! B^ a ,he y d O^^r n if d fi S^n b beg c Eg
1 Tr«f m»n C t ! f T UnaWe *° COme t0 nls ° ffiC^
I \rS?torn i manner always satisfactory.
: "CUiidi to H;f W £ a .? y ? very liable treatise,
; mii? n l .i V A P° rusal °' it might save
Sss«n^.!. &l and P n y s »cal suffering and add
! and o n , *l arB '° > r ° ur lile - Hour 9t012 a. M
! ! n 2.on°ly Address 8 P ' M - " days ' 10 t0 12
F L SWFANY M n 737 Market St.
,T. L. Olftfllil, R|. U., S an Francisco. CaLBEAUTIFUL BERKELEY AND SOME OF ITS PROGRESSIVE FEATURES.
Berkeley has been a town of remarkably
steady growth. Since tne foundation of
the University of California and the
choice of Berkeley to its site, twenty-seven
years ago, tne pretty town near the hills
of the eastern thore of San Francisco Bay
has enjoyed continuous advancement, and
it is now in the midst of a period of growth
President Martin Kellogg of the Uni
versity of California.
such as certainly very few towns can
match.
The university itself is permanent. It
will last as long as the Republic, and no
possible contingency can retard its growth.
This affords a solid basis for prosperity in
Berkeley, an assurance that the town can
not retrograde, that none of the ordinary
commercial movements which often in
jure a town's prosperity can influence
Berkeley's future. It is a therefore per
lectly safe assertion that real-estate values
in the university town can never retro
grade.
The present population of Berkeley is
about 12,000. The last school census
Principal Warring Wilkinson of the Cal
ifornia Deaf and Dumb Institute.
Bhowed an increase of 9 per cent during
the year just ended.
Building statistics of Berkeley show tbat
the beautiful university town enjoys an
unmatched popularity among home-seek
ers. Through all depression of business
the building trades have remained lively
and the sound of the carpenter's hammer
has been continuously heard in all sec
tions of the town.
During the year 1896 over $326,27") was
expended in building, principally of resi
dences, in Berkeley. About 120 new
houses were erected in the town, some of
them being splendid and costly residences
such as have added materially to the at
tractiveness of its streets.
Berkeleyans confidently predict a con
tinuation of the growth of the past. They
leview the town's history and see thaf
from the beginning it has gone forward
without pause under the influence of
natural advantages that time has only im
proved and of added charms in the way oi
social allurements and educational and
literary leadership such as every year ire
made more and more prominent. The
natural advantages are of climate, situa
tion and scenic attractions. As far as
J. \> . Kichards, President or tne uoara
of Town Trustees.
climate is concerned the town can claim
for itself all the strongest I, oasts that have
made the name California a byword for
climatic perfection throughout the^world.
It speaks volumes forth: healtbfulness
of the town that the only "epidemic" her
Health Officer has to discuss is one of
measles.
Of the 114 deaths that occurred in Berke
ley during the year ending May 14. 1896,
twenty-hve were Coroner's cases, and in
no way attributable to climatic or other
odinary causes. This means that the
Morning Scene at Such & Nelson's Extensive Dairy Farm in the Berkeley Hills.
town may legitimately claim better than
the remarkable death rate of 10V4 ncr
thousand. '- v
i The work of sewering in Berkeley is
about completed, nearly all parts of the
| town that need sewers being provided with
them. There are 59.18 m lies of sewer in
the town, constructed at a cost of $°°0 000
which is about $19 60 per capita.
One of the most beautiful sections of th c
town is that known as the Scenic Tract
which is situated just north of the Uni
versity grounds. The Scenic Tract has
natural advantages of situation that makes
it especially attractive, and added to these
are beauties of cultivation and architect
ure. Some of the tinest residences in
Berkeley are in this tract and their gar
dens are elaborately laid out aud carefully
cultivated.
The Scenic Tract's advantages of situa
tion are its slight elevation, wnich affords a
magnificent view of the bay, San Fran
cisco and the Golden Gate, as well as of
other parts of Berkeley.
Prominent among the several indus
tries located in West Berkeley is the starch
factory of J. Everding <k Co. "it is the only
starch factory of ttie kind on the Pacific
Coaßt and has been running for over
twenty years. Several other starch fac
tories have been started frdm time to time
in the State, but none have run for any
considerable time. In the other factories
I potatoes and corn were used in the manu
facture, while in tne factory of Everding
& Co. cereals are used almost exclusively.
West Berkeley awaits with anxiety the
F. K. Shattnck, President of th a Com
mercial Bank of Hcrkclcy.
day when a wharf is constructed on its
shores, allowing the decking of deep
water vessels. Such a wharf will be one of
the enterprises of the near future, and it
will be followed by a direct ferry system
between Berkeley and San Francisco. The
wharf will give an incalculable impetus to
West Berkeley's manufacturing interests.
A new, complicated and immensely val
uable addition to Berkeley's measures of
government is a system of sanitary laws
by which the whole town in a single year
has been brought up to a remarkable
standard of sanitary perfection. Every
i house has been inspected and every case
! of defective plumbing in the town has
! been corrected.
Berkeley is singularly free from the un
desirable element of population. Her
criminal courts are almost useless, except
in the deterrent influence wielded by the
mere existence of such a necessary institu
tion of modern life.
The whole east end of the town, even
beyond the "mile limit,'' Ls without a sa
loon. The people who have settled in
Berkeley have naturally been such as were
attracted by the absence of the liquor
traffic, hence it is forbidden by local senti-
P. K. Boone, President of tho Board of
Education.
ment even in places where there is no law
to suppress it.
The Berkeley High School it second to
none in California. It is always under the
wing of the great university and constantly
feels its influence. Its corps of teachers
is necessarily up to the very highest
standard, for every year the State Univer
sity turns out the very highest talent in
the art of teaching and from its graduates
are selected teachers for Berkeley's
schools.
in the Berkeley High School there were
330 students last year. The school has a
corps of ten teachers, each of which has a
university degree. Special courses in
French and German are given.
The principal of the hlch school and of
the grammar schools of East Berkeley is
H. D. Waterman. Mr. W T aterman is a
teacher of long experience and his record
is the proof of his efficiency. Under his
management the high school of Berkeley
has made an advance in recent years that
is not less than remarkable.
Three years ago the whole enrollment
of the high school was only seventy-two —
equal to the number of graduates from
the school this year.
The wish to live beneath the shadow of
a great university, the appreciation of the
atmosphere such an institution gives to a
community and the desire to enjoy the
specially stringent suppression of the un
desiraDle features of ciiy life by which the
State Legislature protected students of the
university from the saloon and its prod-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 6, 1896.
ucts, combine to cause Berkeley to be
come a center of attraction for the cul
tured and high-minded people of the State.
The corps of scientists of the University
of California is in touch with the leaders
of the world, and numbers among its
bright liehts men who are known wher
ever modern science is revered. The ven
erable Dr. Joseph Le Conte of Berkeley,
specialist in biology and geology, is now
in the East, accepting the invitation of
leading scientific associations of the* world
to address them, among them the Amer
ican and the British National Associa
tions for the Advancement of Science.
Berkeley has an interesting and impor
tant institution in the State School for the
Deaf and Dumb and the Blind. The insti
tution is situated close under the hills of
■hast Berkeley. Its buildings are large
and costly, and on a clear day are visible
irom any part of the town and from the
deck of a bay ferry-boat. There are eleven
puildings in all. affording accommodations
'or over 200 pupils every term.
. A ne institution has been established
since 1860. It das been in charge of its
present principal, Dr. Warring Wilkinson,
sincßlSto. Prior to his engagement as
principal of th© State institution of Cali
fornia Dr. Wilkinson was for eight years
a teacher in the Institution for the' Deaf
and Dumb at New York City.
-The Berkeley institution is declared by
ail visitors to be a model of its kind The
big, quiet buildings form a little world by
themselves, and there is an orderliness
and cleanliness about them and their
grounds that cannot fail to favorably im
press those who view them.
The water supply of Berkeley is from the
hills to the east of the town. It is fur
nished by the Alameda Water Company,
which has three large reservoirs rilled from
tunnels on Wildcat Creet. Within the
past month a valuable addition to the
company's supply of water has been se
cured in the development of two new
c^ n ells E ivin * a steady flow of nearly
-00,000 gallons per day.
The water, lite that in the reservoirs, is
clear and pure. Berkeley's health record
is sufficient proof of the purity of her
water supply, for no town can be healthful
whose residents are not furnished with
good water.
The Alameda Water Company has
placed four hundred feet of new tunnel in
VV Hdcat Canyon during the past year. It
has enlarged the Berryman reservoir and
newly cemented the big summit reservoir,
and has laid new mains In many streets of
Berkeley.
One of the Attractive Residences of Berkeley Belonging to J. L. Barker.
Boring for water is still being continued
by the company. A large sum of money has
already been expended in the search for
additional wells, but the company still
continnes and the recent strike of artesian
water shows that it is right :n so doing.
The company here manifests an enter
prising disposition to keep ahead of the
progress of the town, and always be ahead
of the demand for water, no matter how
large the demand may be.
The Berkeley Electric Lighting Com
pany is one of the largest business firms in
the town, and one whose presence in
Berkeley is and has been of most im
portance to the progress of the com
munity.
The company has just completed plans
for securing current for its lights from the
power-house of the Oakland Gas Light and
Heat Company, an arrangement by
which the Berkeley company will be ena
bled to furnish lights to the town for 50
cents each less than hitherto, and by rea
son of the saving of expenses of conduct
ing a private plant in Berkeley will be
able to expend larger sums upon the ex
tension of the lighting system in the Uni
versity town.
Another important advantage of the new
arrangement will be tbat current can be
furnished continuously day ami night and
there will never be danger of a break down.
A break down of one engine c*rh be imme
diately remedied in the Oakland plant by
use of another, so that there will never be
an interim of darkness as has sometimes
been the case in the past.
The work of connecting the Oakland
power-house with the Berkeley lighting
system will be begun in thirty days and
will be completed in two months. The
iine will be brought through Golden Gate,
Lorin and Temescal, so as to provide all
territory between Berkeley and Oakland
with lights.
An institution which has been the means
of adding 500 homes to Berkeley can cer
tainly claim to have been a powerful in
fluence in aid of the town's growth. The
Homestead Loan Association has built
more than 500 residences for Berkeleyans
during the past ten years.
Berkeley, as a residence town and an
educational center, depends for its prog
ress upon its attractiveness to homeseek
ers. hence it would be difficult to over
estimate the value to the town of an or
ganization which, like the association re
ferred to, assists in the building of resi
dences.
The Homestead Loan Association was
incorporated March 3, 1886, with an
authorized capital of $1,000,000. It was
prosperous from the first and has grown
until to-day its assets are over a quarter of
a million dollars; it has loans outstand
ing secured by Berkeley real estate
amounting to over $240,000, and as already I
stated there are 500 homes in Berkeley I
that were built by its agency.
During the year just ended the loan j
association has matured two aeries of '
stock, after a serial duration of a little over
nine years, paying about $25,000 to hold
era of the matured shares, and netting for
the owners an interest of from 13 to 14 per
cent per annum.
The stated objects of the association are
as follows:
First — To furnish a convenient, safe and
profitable method of investing the savings
of the working people.
Second— To furnish persons who wish to
borrow money for any purpose whatever
the means of doing so at a reasonable rate
of interest. In other words, it is an asso
ciation composed of borrowers and lenders
and established for their mutual conve
nience. It gathers together the savings of
the people, which, scattered and in small
sums, could not he invested to advantage,
and loans the money thus obtained, on
mortgage security and in sums to suit, to
other people who want it to build them
: selves nomes. to pay off other mortgages,
to invest in business, or for any other pur
pose.
In pursuance of these objects the associ
ation, which is a sort of co-operative Hav
ings bank, has succeeded in building up a
reputation tbat will prove of inestimable
value to its management in the future. As
j an indication of the institution's stability
and proof that it has the confidence of in-
I vestors, the fact that some of its first
i stockholders are still enrolled upon its
| books is significant.
The president of the Homestead Asso
ciation, M. If. Rhorer, Deputy State In
surance Commissioner of California, has
| been at the head of the association since
its incorporation. He and the other offi
cers and directors have served withontany
compensation for the whole ten years of
th<* association's existence.
The resent opening of "Bath Beach" at
West Berkeley isa'i event that promises to
result in much benefit to the town in gen-
J eral. Citizens of Berkeley have long dis
: cussed the feasibility of establishing a sea
bathing resort on the beach at the West
End, and the enterprise of those who have
constructed bathhouses at Bath Beach is
a move that is popular with all classes, for
| the whole town would derive benefit from
I the influx of visitors, which it is hoped
I will one day be the rule when the attrac
i tions of Ba!h Beach become generally
known.
Miss Head's school for girls on Charming
way has just closed its eighth year with a
larger attendance than ever before, the
graduating class numbering ten. The
school has seemed to supply a long-felt
want in Berkeley, giving a sound and
thorough mental training from the
primary grade till the graduate is prepared
for college, together with a healthy physi
cal development aiid cheerful family fife.
The large and well equipped gymnasium
is under the charge of the instructor in
athletics at the State University, and the
girls enjoy their games of basket-ball and
tennis and their walks about Berkeley.
The building, which is a large one con
structed according to the latest and most
approved system of architecture and in
keeping with the best system of sanita
tion, stands on the upland and commands
a beautiful view of Berkeley and the bay.
The school has always been abreast
of the newest and rr.oit useful ideas in
education and is quick to adopt the best
books and the best methods. Many pupils
of the institution come every day from
Oakland, San Francisco and Fruitvale, as
well as the children of a large number of
the professors and other prominent citi
zens of Berkeley.
Martin KeJlogg, A.M., A.8., LL.D.,
M. M. Rhorcr, President of the Home
stead Loan Association.
the president of the University of Cali
fornia, is a citizen of Berkeley who takes
active interest in the welfare of the town
and who has many times lent his aid to
movements looking to the betterment of
municipal conditions and the progress of
Berkpley.
F. K. Shattuck, one of the pioneer set
tlors in the university town, is known
throughout all Berkeley and Oairland as a
leading capitalist and real estate dealer
and in the college town, where he resides,
Mr. Shattuck has a reputation for public
spirit such as can only be won by a long
life full of examples of local patriotism.
A recent instance is Mr. Shnttuck's offer
ol land in Berkeley worth $10,000 as an in
ducement to the regents of the University
to locate the Wilmerding School io ihe
town.
Mr. Shattuck is the owner of the Shat
tuck block.containing Shattuck Hall, where
the principal meetings, lectures and enter
tainments of Berkeley are heid and a
number of stores and offices, the largest
being the Berkeley Bazaar of H. R. So
rensen.
The store of Mr, Sorensen is the only
glassware and crockery establishment in
the place, he having been located in the
college town for the past fear years.
P. R. Boone, president of the Board of
Threi of the I rincipal Buildings of the University of California.
Education of Berkeley, is one of the town's
old residents. Mr. Boone was one of the
first voters when the town incorporated in
1878. He was one of the' founders of the
Berkeley Gymnasium, and in 1881 estab
lished Boorie's University School, of which
he is at present owner and principal.
Boone's school is a high-class preparatory
institution, select and limited, the num
ber of scholars being about forty-five. It
has prepared for the State University from
125 to 150 students. President Bobne is
known as one of the most progressive citi
zens of Berkeley. .
J. W. Richards is the president of the
Board of Trustees of Berkeley. Mr. Rich
ards' term of office began about one year
a co and since that time the ousiness of
the town has been conducted in a sys
tematic, expeditious way tbat bespeaks
for Mr. Richards, as the official whose lot
it is to bear the brunt of the not very light
burden of public needs and business, a
splendid business capacity and a deep,
patriotic interest in public matters.
J. L. Barker of the lumber firm of
Barker & Hunter is a citizen who has had
much to do with the town's development.
Mr. Barker's firm has built about 150 resi
dences in Berkeley which sold for from
$1200 to $5000 each. The advent of the
railroad to the university town was
brought about to a considerable extent by
the efforts of Mr. Barker, who id a large
holder of Berkeley real estate and has
shown the strongest confidence in the
town's future.
Among the residences recently built by
Mr. Barker is the one of which a view is
herewith presented. It is a bouse of
seven rooms, new and modern in all re
spects, occupying a lot 44^x135, which is
for sale for $4000, $500 cash and the balance
at $35 or $40 per month.
The house is situated near Berryman
station and from its windows one may ob
tain a magnificent view of the bay and the
Golden Gate, and eastward of the hills of
Berkeley. Mr. Barker also holds for sale
a- large number of other buildings equally
as well constructed and equally as well
situated.
Wiiliam Carey Jones, professor of juris
prudence in the University and one of the
public-spirited citizens of the town, hav
ing served in the capacity of president of
J. J. Dnnn, Proprietor of the Dunn
Basalt Rock Quarry.
the Board of Education, president of the
Freeholders, and trustee from the Second
Ward, has the standard and only history
of Berkeley and of the University. His
"Illustrated History of the University of
California," which has received tho most
flattering critltism from the press and
prominent educators throughout the
country, gives the earliest his lory of
Berkeley and describes its present charac
teristics. It contains a complete historical
account of the founding, rise and expan
sion of the University to its present plane
of fellowship with the greater institutions
of the United States.
Among the prominent citizens of Berke
ley few are better known {than Walter E.
Sell, who has been a resident of the town
since 1877 and who has taken a leading
part in many enterprises of general inter
est to Berkeleyans.
Mr. Sell has been vice-president of the
Homestead Loan Association of Berkeley
since its organization in 1836, and since
George Schmidt, One of Berkeley's Lead
ing Keal Estate Dealers.
the establishment of the Commercial Bank
of Berkeley has been one of the directors
of that institution.
He is also at the head of the Claremont,
University and Ferries Railroad Com
pany, which has a street-car line between
East and West Berkeley. The line is at
present one of horsecars, but preparations
are already under way for the introduc
tion on the cars of new motors, which
furnished with power by compressed air
and electricity will give the same speed as
the regular trolley system of electric-cars.
Mr. Sell's company owns a franchise for
a street railway that will some day give
Berkeley another connection with Oak
land.
The franchise extends from the termi
nus of the present road down Shattuck
avenue to Bancroft way, thence to College
avenue and along the latter to the south
boundary of the town.
Erobably the most prominent contractor
and builder in thecollege town is Frederick
Esty, who has constructed nearly as many
houses in the college town as all the other
contractors now in business here com
bined. At the present time he has seven
houses in process of construction, several
of which are to cost upwards of $5000.
There are included in the n nmber of houses
he has built some of the finest homes in
Berkeley. Mr. Esty is both an architect
as well as a contractor.
Among the houses which he has built
this year, some of which are now in pro
cess of construction, are those of Mrs.
Alice Edward?, on Haste street; Mrs.
Mary Colt, on Haste street: Mrs. Mary E.
Alexander, on Bowditch street; Arthur
Young, at the corner of Euclid avenue and
Le Conte street; Mrs. Rose Chappie, on
Dana street; William Kelley, on Ellsworth
and Bancroft; Mrs. F. Farley, on Choate
and Charming; L. E. Hunt, on Ridge
road; H.W.Allen, on Snattuck avenue,
and W. W. Clark, in the Daly Scenic
Tract, besides completing many smaller
contracts.
George Schmidt is one of the progressive
and influential landowners and real estate
dealers of the town, and is also one of its
most active business men.
Mr. Schmidt has recently opened for
sale a tract of land in the West End
known as Schmidts village. The land
Shittuck Block, Shattuck Avenue, Berkeley.
has been divided into residence lots,
which are rapidly being sold to home
seekers.
Schmidt's village is situated near the
water front of West Berkeley. It is with
in a twenty-five minutes' drive of the State
University and is reached by splendid
roads on which a bicycle rider may with
out exertion reach the central part of the
town or the High School in fifteen minutes.
Homes in Schmidt's village thus possess
all the advantages that Berkeleyans boast
of — the climate and Bcenery and the edu
cational opportunities — and the lots into
which the Schmidt tract has been divided
are offered on such easy terms that the
sale is rapid and the near future promises
to see the entire tract taken up by resi
dence builders.
The real-estate firm of O. G. May & Co.,
2123 Center street, is one of the most re
liable and enterprising in Berkeley. This
spring they have sold twenty lots, ranging
in price from $1775 down to $100. They
have rented about as many dwellings at
from $50 down to $8, besides building two
houses, placing considerable insurance
and loans and Belling some outside prop
erty. They always have a great variety of
property for sale and for rent, which they
are glad to show to all interested. Just
now they are offering several fine lots and
two or three houses at amazingly low
prices and easy terms.
Joseph J. Mason is one of Berkeley's
leading real-estate dealers. His office is
on the west side of Shattuck avenue, near
the corner of Center street. Mr. Mason
transacts a general real estate and in
surance business, in which line he is one
of the successful men of the town.
J. J. Dunn, the well-known street con
tractor and owner of the Dunn basalt rock
quarry, has been a prominent citizen of
the town for many years, and has been an
important figure in bringing the town
to the position it now holds. Besides own
ing the extensive rock quarry, he is a
large land holder, having realty of more
or less value scattered throughout the
town.
The photographic art work for this edi
tion on Berkeley was done by George
Wilcox, senior member of the Wil
cox Photographing Company. Their
large establishment, which is located at
J. L. Barker, One of Berkeley's Most
Progressive Citizens.
the corner of Shattuck avenue and Center
street, is equipped with all the latest and
most approved appliances for doing high
grade work.
That Berkeley will progress on and on
in a rapid and healthy growth there seems
to be r.o reason for doubt, not only from
the fact that it possesses so many physi
cal advantages, but also from the reason
that it is the site of the State's great uni
versity, which, according to the principles
of its foundation, will continua in per
petuity.
910
ihfljrotmimjSoncl^
Official Assessment Table.
ssessmen
«.
x o c
SB SB • if
|5 5 if
nay* if . ||
:J? . . «<
A. O. U. W i 18-19-20 July 1 July 26
Workmen's G. F... 10 July II July 26
Knights ot Honor.. 474-5-6 July II July 81
Koyal Arcanum....! 239 July 1 July SI
American L. of H... i 367 July 1 July 31
K.&L. oiK I 440 July 1 July 31
National Union 9-10 June 10 July 10
Chosen Friends 263 June 1 July 31
Chosen Friends.... 264 July 1 Aug. 30
KnghtsGoldn Eagle 131-2-3 ; July 1 Aug. 1
Ma«un« at Monterey.
To-morrow tlie Grand Lodge of Masons of the
State of California will be in Monterey to lay
the corner-stone of the Sloat monument which
Js to be erected iv commemoration of the occu
pation of California by the Americans.
Order of the Eastern Star.
There is some talk of organizing a chapter at
>lar:lnez, and the people of the Mission district of
tlits t'tty are anxious to organize a chapter there.
Goldtn Gat- Chapter lieid a very interesting
meeting last week, there betug visitors from Val
lejo. Angels Camp, >acrameuto. anti from Har
mony and Ivy cbaptera of this City.
Last Tuesday Mrs. Belle Wingiield Conrad, past
matron of -tar 01 Tuolumne Chapter of Sonora,
was tendered a reception at the residence of Mrs.
Thomas W. Wells in that city, in recognition of
the fact that she had been at the lust session of the
Grand Parlor. Native Daughters of the Golden
West, elected grand vice-president of the order.
There was an Impromptu programme and a pieas
ant evening was spent.
Independent Order of Odd Fellows.
Urand Master Warboys and Urand Secretary
Shaw visited l.os Angeles last week for the pur
!■■ si' of conferring the Grand Lodce Degree on a
number of Odd Fellows entitled to receive iv
E. D. Riley hat been elected chief patriarch
of Woodland ; neampment.
Benkia Encampment hud Its newly elected offi
• • rs installed by District Deputy souther of Val
lejo last week.
Hoyai Rcbekah Lodee No. '215 was recently
institu:ed with Tillie Uutton as noble grand, Mar
garet B>-li as vice-grand, M. K. Mccollister a< sec
retary, If. W. Uarren iinaucial »ecreiary aud D.
> opsy as treasurer. This lodge will hold an open
meeting on the 13th in Odd Fellows' Hall. This
the iir;-t io nceive as members suitable
lad :es who are not relatives of Odd Fellows, has
forty names on its roll.
Ancient Order Unite«l Workmen.
The following are the officers of the Supreme
Lo«lge recently elect" d: Joseph E. Kiggso: Kan
sas. P. S. M. \V. ; John G. Tate of Nebraska, S. M.
W.; W. K. Robson of Texas. 65. F.; H. C. Sessions
of South Dakota, S. O. ; W. SI. Sackett of Pennsyl
vania, S. R. : John J. Ackers cf New York, su
preme receiver; George M. Lain* of Missouri,
b. G.; Thomas Cupit of Utah, S. W.; D. H.
shields of Missouri, :•. M. X; I:. B. Farren, Louis
Anfenger and Joseph Crape, supreme trustees.
T c ."Supreme Lodge reluse to allow women to
become members of the order. It adopted a plan
of graded assessments ami refused to adopt the
pro. osilion to establish an emergency fund.
Grand Ma ter Vinteron Thursday visited Indus
try l.odge at Plei santon, on Wednesday he will
visit Kxceisior Lodpe In this City. He will be at
<;ra-ss Valley on the 13rh: he will go to North San
Juan on the 14th. Nevada City on the 15th and to
Co!!a.\ o.i the 16th.
Graud Overseer Herman rsch iffner will visit as
follows: Eureka Loage at Xapa July 21: Fortuna
]»dge, Xapa, July 2z- Lakeport Lod:;e at LaKe
port. August 4 and Oliver Lodge at Mlddletown,
Lake County, August 8.
Ni-xt Wednesday Deputy Grand Master Frank
X Poland will visit Exeeisior Lodge.
I'ulty Lodge Euve a most peasantp easant entertainment
to its friends in the lodgr-room in Odd Fellows'
bui dins on 1 uesdav evenlntc. One of the pleasing
tea] area oi this order, and of this lodge in particu
lar, Is that in all the entertainments the relatives
of members and ihtir friends become participants.
The entertainment opened with ush'irt address by
Past Master Workman Samuel L. Waller in which
he welcome 1 those who were present and bid
them enjoy themselves. Grand Master Workman
Will. am Yinter was introduced and delivered a
pleasing address after which Miss McClelian sang
a ballad.
Two little girls. Lola and Ollle Frost, sang songs,
the fjrmer rendering in character -What Could a
Poor irl DofajM the latter "Old Aunt Butsv,"
.Mrs. William Vinter. wife of the zra"d master,
being ihe aicomi a ist. The little ones dla well
and their efforts were loudly applauded. Past
Master Waller, on behalf of the loage, then pre
sented to the retiring master workman, H. Orim-
Bha>», a very fine gold watch, iv token of the
lod.e'a appreciation of his services. The presenta
tion speech and the response were to the point and
model* of oratory. Mrs. Charles Wray was the
star of the evening, her singing being en ore 4
a«ain and again until ihe lady was forced to ask
to be excused ot: account of fatigue. She gave
■'Bencher in the Park' and three other popular
songs. U. Abrahainson followed with a barytone
solo and then the Miller children, three In number,
recited au address to the American flag, the little
ones bein,' dressed in patriotic costume. After
that Samuel L. Waller, past master, delivered a
little patriotic address and closed by inviting all
pr sent io partake of a first-ciass collation, after
which there was dancing which was kepi up until
a late hour, ihe committee of arrangement* wns
composed of L. J. Parker, the new master work
man, samnel . . Waller ami A. W. Ttigsry.
On the evening of the 14th of August the lodges
in districts .\<>s. land a of Oakland will hold a
joint meeting in the Metbodist Episcopal Church
on Chester street. Ihe meeting will be addressed
by Grand Kaater Workman Vimer and by Past
<;rand Master r.ugoaa N. D- uprey.
lmnni; the seas on of the Supreme I/odge at
Buffalo, California was recognized by the appoint
ment of two wel -known Workmen onoommi;teea.
Past Supreme Master Workman W. h. Jordan
was appointed a member of the committee on arbi
'ration anil William H Barnes was appointed on
another committee.
Oegree of Honor.
Silver Spray Lodue was visited last Wednesday '
by Grand Secretary Mrs. Jwley or Montana, who
is here visiting: relatives.
Ivy Lodge of Oakland will install Its officers
npxt Wednesday. The Installation will be by
Mrs. Kva Cosan, district deputy, who, on the 16th
will ir.stali the officers of >ilver Star Lodge ami on
the 26th those of Dawn of Hope Lodge- Thos"
who will be in attendance will have a treat in wit
nessing the effective manner in which this lady
delivers the many charges to the newly elected
officers. She does ber war-; in a very impressive
manner, and wiinoui the use of book, a most dim
cult task.
Improved Order of Red Men.
Tahoe Tribe No. 82 at Trnckee was Halted on
June 25 by Great Chief of Records C. F. Burgman.
The '.ribe, since its institution on February 22, has
adopted fourteen palefaces, purchased a complete
set of rt-calia ami costumes and perfected its rneru
b'rship in the ceremony of the adoption and placed
a comld T.ble amount In cash into the tribal wam
pum belt.
Alfarata Council No. 10 held a very enjoyable
calico party w ith a very large gathering present of
members of the order and palefaces. An excel
lent programme was rendered and dancing in
dulged in to a late hour. Past Great Sachem Ben
jamin K. .losMyn, on behalf of the council, ore
j^nted Mixs Carrie M. Johnson, the ke.per of
records, a -very beau.ifu! jewel emblem*, ie of the
J>e«ro-of PooaAontaa
-Manza iiit I ribe No. 4, at its last council, raised
uf. the cliiefs-elect fur the ensuing term, Deputy
Great Sachem P. L.Hoffaud J. M_ Fairneld offi
ciating. The (Ot lowing were elected representa
: : y : FINANCIAL •-;■.;';•;"
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
wriEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
HKANCH OFFICE
6'J3 Market . St.. Palace - Hotel. Tel. ■ Main • 6828
J. S.PUKD Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latent market quo>
- unions. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F. -
CHICAOU lilVAlJa. Wlttifi. &*W YORK.
tives to the Great Council: William J. Smith,
Henry A. Chase, H. I* Griffiths, D. Fuller and M.
Parrish.
Modoc Tribe on June 25 adopted two palefaces
and elected representatives to the Great Council.
The tribe during the prrsent term has made a
large gain financially, and during the great sun
has increased its membership io 143.
Deputy nreat Sachem C. M. Brown of Vallejo
trailed to the hunting grounds of Otonkah Tribe
No. 56 and raised up the rhlefs-elect for the ensu
ing term. The members of Otonkah Tribe have
been very diligent in the upbuilding of their mem
bership, which has iucreased from forty-four to
seventy-one members and increased its wampum
in like proportion.
Preparations are in active progress for entertain
ing the representatives to the Great Council, which
will convene in this City on Tuesday, August 4.
The various Rub-committees have been selected to
carry out the various details to a successful con
clusion.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
The report of the permanent secretary will be
ready for distribution during the latter part of the
month. It will Include the financial statement for
the last year and that of the last quarter, which
closed on the last day or June.
Installations .re the order of the evenings In the
various courts at this time.
Last Thursday evening Court Lincoln Installed
its officers, those whose names have already been
given in this department, and gave its first smoker
In Social. Hall. Alcazar building. There was a
large number present, and during the evening the
number was augmented by the visit in a body of
Court Vlctolre. There were also present quite a
number of the friends of the members of toe new
court, for it was an open meeting. There were
present among the visitors Past Chief Ranger Wil
liam l ashman. High Court Treasurer Lunt and
District Deputy M. P. Light, who was the Installing
officer. The programme for the evening opened
with a brief talk on the objects of the order for the
benefit of the strangers by the district deputy.
He told of the fraternal portion of the order, of
its beneficiary features and spoke of the social re
unions which serve I to make a pleasant feature of
it. This was followed by a song by Mr. Inchcliffe,
Mr. Nolan being the accompanist. After that
there was a recitation and then a song by Thomas
Kodgers. Then followed the ceremony of install
ing the officers, •vhich was performed in a very
impressive manner. When the officers bad been
conducted to their respective stations the pro
gramme for the amusement of the members and
visitors was resumed and the show was kept up
until after midnight. Mr. Flelsher of Court Alca
traztold some funny stories, Mr. Walker favored
with a song, Fred S. Myrtle, who was in splendid
voice, sang a song of an unfortunate musical com
poser and for an encore recited "Casey at the Bat"
in a manner that brought down ihe house. Mr.
Mullany gave a clever imitation of a Chinese lover
in dialect and he was followed by Professor Born
moth, who performed sleight-of-hand tricks.
Siguor Petts sang a German dialect song and
McKinley Finiey entertained with -cotch pipes
and sword dance, and Jig. M. Ci rangier of court
Vlctolre rendered in good style a song In Kngiish
and then followed many other numbers. The
master of ceremonies was Sub-Chief Ranger J. H.
Henderson, who made up the programme of num
bers, choosing those who had » reputation for en
tertaining. The result of his work was so agree
able that but few left before midnight. He bad
for assistant R N. MoClennau, P. c. R., and he
j did much to make it pleasant for ail present, as
.did also the court . physician. Dr. Brune. During
the evening there was distribution of pipes and
tobacco and refreshments, while in an adjoining
room there was served a collation by lady friends
of the conn.
Since the adjournment of the Grand Circle,
Companions of tue Forest, at Uklah, $600 has
been paid In benefits.
Foresters of America.
Court Oakdale No. 151 was instituted on Friday
evening, June 26, in Oakdale, Stanislaus County,
by (J. H. Bremer, grand secretary, assisted by E. S.
Harrison, grand junior woodward. Deputies
Thomas Sewell and J. M. W. Pope and a delega
tion of the members of Court Stockton No. 56 and
Mokelumne No. 185. The following were in
stalled as the officers: J. G. Thompson, J. P. C. R.:
H. Sanders, C. R.; H. Carstens, S. C. R.; a. E. 11.
Meyer, T.; George McCabe, F. 8.; C. Schmid,
R. S.; J. Brunlng, S. W. ; J. Lowney, J. W.; H.
N age', 5.8.; H. E. Brink, J. Is.: \V. A. bmlth,
B. A. Downey and G. Zeller, trustees; Dr. J. G.
Thompson, physician.
In addition to the list already published Grand
Chief Ranger Vellage has issued the following
commissions as deputies: Sol Peiserof No. 20. tor
Court Inter Nos No. 18: is. W. Haugby of No. 1,
for Court Zenith No. 21; J. B. Fleming of No. 18,
j for Court Stanford No. 27; C. M. Gertson of No. 14,
for Cour. Columbia No. 55: J. Gobeil of No. 17, for i
Court. Ocean View No. 26; D. La Veir of No 17
for Court Oakland No. 46: Kd Maas of No. 126. for
i Court Hermann No. 126: A. Goux of No. 147, for
I Conrt Serra No. 147: Frank Mattison of No. 61.
j for Court Santa Cruz No. 61.
. Quite a number of the return sheets for the past
quarter have been received. So far « ourt Silver
Gate No. 138 of Ban Diego reports the best pro
gress, having gained twenty-five members over
and above all suspensions during the last three
months.
The Fourth of July has been celebrated in many
portions of the state under the auspices of the
order. Among those which celebrated were Court
Cinnabar ox. Middletown, Lake County, Couit
Shasta in Slssons, the courts in San Francisco and
Vicinity «t Glenn Ellen; courts San Jose and
Alum Rock in San Jose; Court Rose Hill in Moun
tain View; Court Pajaro Valley Roie In Watsou
vllle.
The courts and circle in San Diego have recently
fitted up an elegant lodge-room In their city as a
hone for the order. The home is to be known as
the American Foresters' Hall of san Diego.
Companions of the Forest.
Since the cose of . the Grand Circle meeting
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. M. A. Duke has been
visiting the various circles in this City and vicin
ity and the reports presented by that officer show
that an active interest is being manifested. The
legislation enacted at the Grand Circle appears to
meet with general approval. Among the circles
I visited during the last week is Diana No. 22,
! which is In a very flourishing condition. Tne so
cial committee reported that the quarterly enter
tainment would lake place on July 10.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. M. A. Duke has
appointed the following deputies: C. H. Bremer
of No. 64 for Excelsior No. 2,Miss Agnes D.Bremer
of No. 64 for Oakland Circle No. 3. John J. Cordy
I of No. 2 for Diana Circle No. 22. Mrs. H. Worms
; of No. 11 for Loreley Circle No. 26, Herman Kohn
j of No. 43 for Live Oak Circle No. 29, Thomas F.
; Biakeot No. 215 for Defiance Circle No. as Ira
I W. Coburn of No. 104 for Olympus Circle No. 42
J. Caiman of No. 23 for Golden West Circle No
43. Mrs. L. At wood of No. 43 for Robin Hood Cir
cle No. 58, Miss I. P. Hose of No. 64 or Hamlet
Circle No. 64, M. K. Licht of No. 23 for Twilizht
I Circe No. 70. Mrs. C. '1 ucker of No. 2 for Mlzpab
Circle No. 100, Mrs. E. J. N. Steinweg of No 29
for Bonita Circle No. 104, S. Label of No. 11 for
Evening Star Circle No. 202, Henry Tiedgen of
No. 22 for San Jose Circle No. 210. E. P. Jacobson
of No. 58 for San Francisco Circle No. 267, E. C
Sewell of No. 2 for Presidio Circle No. 278.
Knights of Honor.
Some. time during this month the Knights of
Honor of Los Angeles will give a smoker on a
grand scale.
Last Thursday the grand dictator and the grand
guide . visited Garden City Lodge of Alameda.
Grand Vice-Dictator Morrison was present.
District " Deputy Ben I. Solomon on Thursday
night, assisted by Deputies Ballart and Klops, in
stalled the officers of Keystone Lodge.
To-night . Grand Dictator Archibald will visit
Liberty Lodge; to-morrow night he will visit
Norma and Germania Lodges: on the 10th he will
install the officers of Polar Star ix>dge; on the 11th
he will install those of Tahoe Lodge; on the 16th
he will be with I nity Lodge In Sacramento: ou
the 22d he will be in Stockton, and on the follow
ing day he will be with California Lodge at Sacra
mento.
Tbe celebration on last Tuesday night of the an
niversary of thu founding of the order by the vari
ous lodges oi this City in B. B. Hall was a red
letter night in the annals of the order o.i ■ this
I coasi. The large hall was crowded to its capacity
and the entertainment that was offered was good.
The singing and Instrumental portion of the pro
gramme was equal to much that Is offered by
j professionals. A wrestling match »nd two spar
; ring matches by amateurs were a ponton of the
| entertainment that was much enjoyed by all In
; the wrestling it was catch-as-catch-can, and the
I wrestlers gave an exhibition of almost every posi
! tion known. An address by. Gus Gauze- on
I the order. Its objects and accomplishments during
; the •twenty-three >e»rs of Its «-xls ence, was am a*
. terly effort. In comparing the expense of con
ducting the affairs of the Knights with old-line
; Insurance companies he showed that where it cost
some companies #1 23 to disburse a dollar It cost
the Knights just a fraction over 9 cents. The sup
per thai was served to seven or eight hundred who
were in the hall was a pioneer supper-pork and
beans, hardtack and cofft*— and as a noveltvlt
was greatly , ei.joved. Deputy . Ben 1. Solomon"
who had general supervision of the affair, deserves
credit for he splendid entertainment provided
Grand Dictator Archibald, "raid Guide Leonard
and a number of prominent Knights were present.
Knights of Pythias.
Ban Jose Division No. 8 has in contemplation
the chartering of a steamer for, the purpose of
making a trip to Catalina Island to , attend the en.
campment to be held there in August. '
? To-morrow Monterey Lodge will take pan In the
celebration at Monterey and will have a float in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 6, 1896.
line. Grand Chancellor McOlashan and Grand
Keeper of Records and Seals Herman Schaffner
will be present.
Holmes Division No. 23 was Instituted at
Angeis Camp on the 13th of June. The division
has been assigned to the first regimen; with Cap
tain C. R. Hawleyln command. Placer County
Division No. 7 was instituted at Colfax and as
signed to the second regiment. Captain J. M.
Newman is in command.
Next Wednesday evening Syracuse Lodge will
publicly Install Us officers. ■. ' .
Next Saturday evening there will be a glorious
time In Pythian Castle and fun without limit for
all who will attend. Zerin-Kapl Temple No. 52 of
the D. O. K. K. will hold a meeting and dispose of
a number of victims.
Knights and Ladles of Honor. •
The new officers of West End Lodge will be in
stalled by Deputy Mrs. D. J. Kaplan with appro
priate ceremonies this evening.
Grand Protector T. A. Lander of Sacramento
will visit sdme of the lodges In this.City next week.
Martha Lodge has elected the following-named
officers for the ensuing term: H. Hachtneister, P.
P.; A. Gompertz, P.; C. Hennessey, V. P.; Jenny
Nussbaum, chaplain: Antoinette Graff, R. S.;
Charles Lachman, F. S.; Mathilda Gompertz, G.:
W. si bottler. I. G. : A. Krelger. O. G.: a. Teubner,
organist. Charles Halm Is the district deputy.
United Ancient Order of Druids.
Noble Grand Arch J. a. Devoto has appointed
the following-named committees for the ensuing
term: Credentials— J. M. Graves of No. 34, G. Al
leerettiof No. 98, G. H. Bertram of No. 6. Fi
nance—F. Cavagnaro, P. N. G. A.: F. Hnflscbmidt
of No. 4, A. Olmo of No. 88, F. Chassagne of No.
10, T. G. Cockiill, P. N. G. A. Charters and
petitions— X. Dimmer of No. 7, C. H. Wilson
of No. 51, A. M. Gubiottl of No. 23,
W. Heath of No. 72, R. Woods of No. 92.
Laws of subordinates— J. Hutton of No. 16, J. L.
Con i at of No. 10. G. Mu»so of No. 37, C. Lester of
No. 3, F. M. Ramos of No. 43. Legisla.lon-llenry
A. Chase, P. N. G. A. ; L. G. Schord. P. S. A.; H.
Lang of No. 41, W. F. Dougherty of No. 88, H. O.
Hess No. 9. Pr.nting— J. J. .Mollison, grand
secretary; L. G. Weisshaar of No. 45, D. G. An
tonovich of No. 104. Appeals and grievances— L.
F. Dunand, P. N. G. A.; G. H. Buck, P. N. G. A.:
G. H. Bahrs. P. N. G. A. J. F. Mart of No. 37,
T. Llnton of No. 24. Correspondence— J. J.
Mollison grand secretary, C. E. Carlson of No. 19.
J. Watts of No. 83. Jurisprudence— J. B. de las
Casas of No. 43, J. Cadonl of No. 62, G. Malpiedl
of No. 17, F. Lewis of No. 82. On supplies— A.
Pessano of No. t-8, G. Perata of No. 96, D. P.
Brown of No. 16.
The grand officers will pay official visits to the
following groves: July 14. to Washington Grove
No. 92 and Amerlcus Grove No. 93 (joint meet
ing), Eureka; July 17, to Far West Grove No. 99.
Ferudale; July 21, to Garden Grove No. 76, San
Jose Grove No. 23 and Columbus Grove No. 74
(joint meeting), San Jose: July 25, to Madrona
Grove No. 21, Santa Cruz: July 26, to Luis de
Camoens Grove No. 81, Santa Cruz; July 29, to
May field Grove No. 45, Mayfleld; August 1, to
Morvin Grove No. 52. Redwood City; August 4, t0
Mt. Tamalpais Grove No. 58. San Rafael; August
8, to ll ay tints Grove No. 64, Uaywards:
August 8, to Pebble Beach Grove No. 63, Pesca
dero; August 10, to Pleasanton Grove No. 82,
no— num.
Should it become necessary from any cause to
change any of the above da: due notice will be
given the groves affected, . ihe noble grand arch
extends a cordial an i special invitation to neigh
boring groves, members of neighboring groves and
sojourning Druids to meet with | the grand officers
on these fraternal occasions.
Golden star Grove last Thursday received two
applications and conferred tht second and third
degrees on three members, doing the work In a
very creditable manner.
Oakland Grove is having an Increased attend
ance, and is receiving applications at every meet
ing.
During the past month Roma .Grove of Oakland
added twenty-four names to its list of member
ship. j The officers express the opinion that during
the current term they will add between thirty and
forty names more.
The entertainment committee has wound up its
affairs, and finds thai after paying all the expenses
Incurred to entertain the representatives to the
Grand Grove there is a surplus of $71 60. The
committee Is entitled to thanks for the excellent
management of the affair.
Noble Grand Arch Devoto has in contemplation
the institution of a new grove In this city, and ex
pects next month to present a petition with forty
names on it, asking for a charter.
Through the energy of Grand Sentinel Sesma a
new grove will soon be organ i din Los Angeles.
Galileo Grove, at Its last held meeting, received
several applications and conferred the second and
third degrees on four members. This grove, will
picnic at Harbor View on the 261b, forenoon and
afternoon, and in the evening will give a dance in
Garibaldi Hall.
Native Sons of the Golden West.
The Native Sons were right in It during the
Fourth. Frank L. Coombs delivered the oration
at Vallejo, J. L. Geary Jr. orated at Martinez, L.
F. Bylngton was the speaker at Downievllle and
C. H. TJmbsen was the grand marshal of the pro
cession in this City.
Grand President Gestord will deliver the oration
at the Sloat monument celebration at Monterey
to-morrow.'
I rand Lecturer William M. Conley, District
Deputy John Fatbam, Grand Trustee P. E. Za
baltaand Frank L. Coombs were In the City last
week.
San Francisco .Parlor will picnic at Bchentzen
Park on the 2Gth.
Alcatraz Parlor. Native Sons, and La Estrella
Parlor. Native Daughters, will give a joint party
on the 24th. .
Solon May field has been appointed district den
uty grand preside nt-at- large by Grand President
Gesford. He is a member of Cambria Parlor. .
After the installation of officers of El Dorado
Parlor last Thursday night the retiring president
was presented with a very fine gold badge.
sequoia Parlor will celebrate its sixth anniver
sary on the 31st lnst.
Native Daughters of the Golden West
Mm. Daniel Daniels of Fremont Parlor, a very
enthusiastic member, has been appoin ed a dis
trict deputy at large. t
Orlnda Parlor will give a banquet In Native
Sons' Hal! on the 23d Inst.
Miss Laura J. Frakes of Amapola Parlor, Sutler
Creek, furnished the Amador Record a column ac
count of the doings of the Grand Parlor at Napa,
one that Is | not only Interesting and Instructive,
but is well written, and shows that the young lady
has the faculty of gathering all the little details
of an event that go to make up an article that will
please readers. • .
Miss Margaret Bready has been appointed dis
trict deputy grand president for Ursula and Chlspa
parlors, vice Miss Laura J. Frames, resigned.
Oro Uno Parlor will publicly install its officers
next Saturday.
Oro Fino Parlor Native Daughters and Pacific
Parlor Native Sons will give a joint entertainment
to their friends on the 25th Inst.
Miss E. A. Spenoer acted as president of the day
at the Fourth of 'July celebration by the Native
Daughters at Monterey in the absence of Grand
President Mary E. Till man. who was unable to be
present and take part In the event.
Lav Monday Dardanelle Parlor of Sonora ten
dered a grand reception to Mrs. Belle WingfleM
Conrad, a member of the parlor, recently elected
grand .vice-president of the order. The haU was
beautifully decorated, and after an address of wel
come and conn rat ula. ion had been delivered
there was a programme of music and song and
then a collation, i . . . . , -
On the following night the members of Tuol
umne Star Chapter, Order of ihe Eastern Star,
tendered Mrs. Conrad » reception at the residence
of Mrs. T. W. Wells in Sonora, and a pleasant time
was bad.
Oraer of Chosen Friends.
Grand Councilor Boehm, writing from the south,
states that everywhere he has met with enthusi
astic receptions, ' and that the prospects for the
order are very flattering.
Last Monday Grand Recorder Wallis and Past
Supreme Councilor Arnold consolidated Acorn
and Athens councils in Oakland.
On last Wednesday the Grand Recorder was In
Sacramento and assisted Deputy D. J. Hartley In
the installation of the officers of Sacramento
Council. The presentation of a pantomime and a
banquet followed the ceremony of lnstal!a:ioti.
A number of the members of Sacramento Coun
cil have mode arrangements for teams to drive to
1' ranMin to pa a vi.sit to the council there on the
occasion of a public meeting to be held on the 25th
Inst.. the same having been arranged by ueputy
Hartley. • v '
To-morrow night the picnic committee will hold
its first meeting since the event which look place
at San Jose during the latter part of the month of
June. The meeting will be in the hall of America
Council. •
Independent Order B'ne B'rlth. , '
The occasion of the visit of the grand officers to
the hall of Unity Lodge lust Monday evening was
marked by a very large attendance and a f east of
logic in the several , speeches that were made by
Grand President , Wolfe. Second Vice-President
Bare, Grand Treasurer: Harris, Grand Secretary
Levison and Grand Trustee Marcuse. The grand
president spoke at some length on the subject of
the report of the eadowmeut committee , recently
presented and submitted to the several lodges of
the order- ■. It was a masterly effort and at Its con
clusion many of those who ■ listened to him con
cluded that If a change is required It Is not such a
one as is suggested by the report of the commit
tee. The speeches over, all present were invited to
the banquet? hall, where covers were set . for 1 120.
The menu was an -excellent one, and during the
evening there were offered a number of toasts that
were responded to by M. L. , Asber, president of I
Unity Lodge; Dr. Nieto. Joseph UUhschlta, the
grand president, aud William Asher.
■ On Tuesday evening the grand officers paid a
visit to Modin Lodkeand they were well received
and well en ertalned. . There were addresses by
the visitors and the subject of the endowment
was discussed at length. One of the speakers was
• Joseph Shaen, a pioneer of • the lodge and 'order.'
The visitors were invited to partake of a supper
that had been prepared for ta em and the mem
bers of the lodge. - ■ ;'.•
.-■ On Wednesday next the grand officers will pay
a visit to Ophlr, the mother lodge of the order In
this City. This lodge will celebrate the forty- first
anniversary of its organization on the 12lh of
Aueust.
Nineteen deaths were officially reported at the
office of the grand secretary trom the first Of the
year to the 2d of the current month All the
death beneflts but two have been paid and these
are not yet due by reason of the fact that the time
required to verify has not elapsed. The last pay
ment made was within three weeks after notice
had been filed.
The report of the endowment committee is the
subject that at this time is engaging the attention
• i. v men °bers of every lodge. It does not meet
with the favorable consideration that the members
ot the committee expected it would. There up-
P v Par V° *•* a B entiment favoring what Is known as
the Elkus plan, in its latest issue the Jewish
Times and Messenger says, editorially: "Many
years ago the District Grand Lodge No. 4, I. O.
k. iJ., met at Stockton and passed an obnoxious
endowment law, which a special session justly re
ondiiited. History appears to be shaping Itself for
a farcical repetition of the Stockton episode. We
predict a like fate for the proposed unreasonable
<>n^ ow ;p>ent laws suggested by the wiseacres of the
Young; Men's Institute.
The Central Lecture Bureau for the order was
organized on the 22d of June, with Rev. Father
Vorke as presldeni; Frank J Kierce, vice-presi
dent: J. E. RicharJs Jr., secretary, and John
O'Donnell, treasurer.
Grand President Gallagher will In the near fu
ture visit the councils In the northern and central
parts of the State.
The meeting of the grand directors will be held
on the 11th.
R. H. Hammond of Oakland Conncil No. 6 has
been appointed district deputy for Oakland Coun
cil. American Council. California Council and Fra
ternity Council, vice I). McCarthy, resigned.
Mission Council will install iv officers On the
evening of to morrow.
On the evening of the 30th of last month a ban
quet wns Riven by Ignatian Council to Past Presi
dent Frank McGlynn. on the eve of his departure
for the East, where he will adopt the stage as a
profession. There were about seventy-five pres
ent, and after the rood things bad been disposed
or there was a surprise for the guest of honor. It
was the presentation to him of a beautiful, appro
priately inscribe* gold watch, together with a
chain, given him In recognition of his services to
the order while he was its grand officer and before
and since. During the evening like testimonials
" e f, p presented to Past I'residents Thomas U.
1-Hllon and I). 1. Mahoney.
Officers have been elected as follows: San Fran
cisco Council — Charles McAuliffe, president;
George M. Kelly, recording and corresponding sec
retary, and F. f. Dunne, financial secretary.
Colu ™bla Council— Antolnt Hchmitt, president;
D. A. Lawton, recording and corresponding secre
tary, and Ueorge A. Stunlev, financial secretary.
Golden Gate Council— C, Haley, president; J. F.
U Brlen, recording secretary: J. sheehan. Corre
sponding secretary, and F. J. Dnscoll, financial
secretary.
Young Ladles' Institute.
The eighth session of the grand body of the
Young Ladies' Institute will be held thU week in
the hall of the Young Men's Institute, corner of
Tenth and Market streets. The session will open
to-morrow, and will continue until Saturday. The
indications are that there will be a full representa
tion of delegates. These will have their headquar
ters at the St. Nicholas Hotel.
American Legion of Honor.
Unusual activity Is being displayed by the mem
bers of the several councils of this City and across
the bay at this time. The formation of the new
organization of "Associated Councils," under the
able and active management of the past com
mander. W. a. Dundaa, who was chosen president,
is looked upon by all members as a very wise
move, one that will infuse new life in the order,
and Its effects are already making themselves felt.
At the meeting oi the new association held last
Thursday night all the councils were represented.
Each representative gave an account of what had
been done in his council, and etch report was very
encouraging. Some of the representatives who be
long to councils that have not had an initiation for
a long tlm» promised new members.
The association proposed visiting one or more
of the City councils every month, anu it will
give a boom open meeting to the ceneral public at
a date to be hxed In the futon. The first council
to be visited will be Midwinter Council in Stanford
Hall at the ju ictioii of Mission and Valencia
streets on the evening of the "J3a. An interesting
programme Is promised by the council.
Bohemian Council and Myrtle Council have ap
points a committee to make arrangements tor a
Joint entertainment to be given early in August.
During the month of June there was a groat deal
of work done intheorder in the State of New York.
l"p to the J3d of the month thtre were 831 initia
tions In the Empire Matt-.
A B effort Is being made to have Supreme Com
mander John M. (iwinnell of Newark^ N. J., visit
California and deliver addresses in the large cities 1
of the State. He is a logical, forcible aud con
vincing speaker.
In the seventeen years of Its existence this order
has paid its beneficiaries nearly 933,000,000 and
has done so willingly and promptly.
Grand Commander Fllben will return from his
va. ation this week.
Alta t ouucil and Redding Council each initiated
a candidate at the last held meeting.
The tlnancial statement ending June 9 shows re
ceipts. »ai»,287: disbursements. *;;18.000. lhere
were seventy -iour deaths, five having occurred in
California, the beneticiary certificates of these
amounting to *hl>oo.
In his semi-aunual circular Supreme Com
mander Gwinnell urges the membership to. more
activity in securing members.
National Lnion.
Last Friday evening Pacific Council received a
visit from several members of the Cabinet. This
council, which has been doing such sood work In
the matter oi increasing its membership, admitted
several members that night.
California will be represented at the Senate
session to be held at Niagara Falls this month by
E. Dryfuss of El Dorado Council, who was elected
a senator last week.
There was a good representation of the councils
at the meeting of San Francisco Cabinet held lust
Wednesday evening. An assessment of 5 cents
was levied on eacn member of the Cl y councils.
The Cabinet will hereafter meet on the tirst'l hurs
-11 a . of each month.
seventeen candidates received the second degree
In California Council last Wednesday. This coun
cil now has 2V!5 names on Its roll of members.
This evening Yosemite council will have work
In the first and third negreps.
Assessments Ncs. 9 and 10 will be delinquent on
the 10th Insi. During the month of May this order
Dald*lll,B2o 60 for death claims.
Knights of the Golden Kagle.
California Casue No. 1 held its boom meeting
lani Wednesday evening. Af.er transacting the
regular business the newly elected officers were
installed by Grand Chief McGowan and staff. W.
F. Norcross, P. G. c, delivered the opening ad
dress and told of the institution of the castle on
June 30, 1884, and gave tn Interesting account of
Its progress since that date. He spoke of the im
mense amount of good work done by the castle
during Its existence and of us faithfulness in the
care of its sick and bu rial of the dead. J. W.
Seeley, P. C., followed with an eloquent portraya.
of the beautiful ritualistic work and of the no Die
aims and principles of tha organization. J. W.
Vau Horn, p. G. c, spoke of the institution of the
Graud Castle In 1886. Mr. van Horn was one of
the tirst members of Keystone Castle of Philadel
phia, and on coming to i his const became one of
the chKrter membt rs of California i.'nstie Other
members mane short speeches and gave music and
recitations. Refreshments were served and the
me ling closed. The halt was handsomely deco
rated wi-.h|fla«s. mottoes and emblemsof iheordei.
The attendance was large and entluisinstic.
UoMeu (iate Castle No. 9 .nave a housswarrnlng
on Monday evening. An interesting programme
had been prepared and ibe members and visitors
passed a ppeasant, easant evening. This castle will give a
public installation of officers on Monday evening
the 13th. 6
i acitic Castle No. 10 elected officers last Tues
day eve Ding and will Install on the 14th lnst. The
memlx-rs are working hard to double their mem- i
bershlp this term.
The semi-annual reports now coming in »how a i
large increase and much interest manifested all
over the Mate.
Grand Chief McGowan is preparing for a series
of offic al visits during this and next month.
Alpha Temple .No, 1, 1.. G. E., will install officers
on l-rlday evening. A committee Is at work pre
paring an entertainment and supper for the same
evening. The success of the temple during the
term has been very gratifying and It has proved a
valuable aid to the castles.
Knights of the Maccabees.
A new tent called the Golden West was Insti
tuted In Alcazar building last Thursday, with a
charter list of more than 100 members, embracing
many professional and business men. Tbtt meet-
Ing was addressed by State Deputy s. W. Hall,
who, in a brief but Interesting speech, told of the
struggles of the ancient Maccabees and of the tit*
umphs of the modern Maccabees. He entered Into
an account of the growth of the order, which fifteen I
years ago bad a membership of 700 and now has
one of more than 240.000. The following am the
oincers of the new tent: P. C, C. H. Plnney
Com., Dr. W. G. Harvey: L. C, J. H. bpeer: R.
X., James Patterson Jr.; F. X., A. Geantlt: sere
W. W. Cross; Chap., T. \V. West: Mat. A., a. E>
tnsl.n; Ist M. <i., J. W.Owen; 2d M. G., J. B-
Stovall; sentinel, P. T. Bennett: picket, E. T-
Pattee. .
To-morrow the degree team of the Los Angeles
Tent wili start on us southern tour to exemplify
the new ritual before before the different tents.
Order of Pendo.
The supreme officers will be present this evening
at the Installation of the officers of Golden Gate
Council.
Last week Supreme Secretary Dnden sent on the
paraphernalia and supplt -s lor four new councils
two In Montana and two In Texas.
During the month of June the increase was two
new councils and a membership of seventy -three.
National Reserve A*socUtton.
A new lodge of the National Reserve Association I
was recently organized at Sacramento. The dep- !
uty of the district, assisted by C. C Olney and Mrs. |
Anna Ream, in two weeks secired the names of j
fifiy persons to the petition for a charter. I'he j
followlne-named were elected officers: P«st Presi- !
dent. George W. Flcks: President, Mrs. O. .-cbadt;
Vicr-President, E. D. Olney; Secretary, William
A. Gilbert: Treasurer. Mrs. L. D. Olney; Chaplain,
Mrs. Annie Tildeii; Conductor, Mrs. fc-adle Kreur.
berger; Sentinel, John E. Ti den; Trustees, oinev.
Tilden and Murray; Medical Examiner, Dr.
Btrader.
P. A. MePherson of San Francisco, who has the
reputation of being a hard worker, not only in this
order, but Jn others to which he belongs, has been
chosen representative at large from this state to
the Supreme Lodge, whim wili convene on the
27th insi. and remain in session several days.
Matters oi great importance, in \ iew of the ap
proaching session of the Supreme Lodge, will be
brought up before San Francisco Lodge at its
next meeting.
Good Templars.
Laat Wednesday evening Valley Lodge held a
temperance meeting in the Sailors' Home, at the
corner of Main and Harrison streets, and it proved
to be a very entertaining affair. The following
programme was presented and rendered in a man
ner that drew forth the generous plaudits of the
auditors: Vocal solo, Miss Lottie Uesler; duet,
banjo and guitar, E. R. Jewell and Mrs. Annie Lit
tell; recitation, \V. A. Dalziel; whistling solo,
James Brennan: songs by the sailors: address, A.
K. ogg: vocal duet, E. R. Jewell and Mrs. Littell;
recitation, Miss E. D. Davis; reading, G. W. Far
ris.
Valley Lodge will hereafter meet in Mozart Hall
on Market street, the lodreroom previously occu
pied having been found to be too small' for tba
rapid growth of the lodge. At the meeting to^e
held on the 21st the Aqua Pura Club will enter
tain.
ALL READY FOR TUESDAY
The Hobart-Baldwin Marriage
in the Church at San
Mateo.
Elegant Simplicity to Characterize
This Notable Event in Social
Circles.
Elegant simplicity is to be the keynote
of the Btildwin-Hobart wedding on Tues
day. Like the wedding of Walter Hobart
and Miss Williams, this is to be a country
wedding — simple and unostentatious, al
though Miss Hobart has made rather more
elaborate preparation for her marriage.
It is to be celebrated at tne little church at
San Mateo, and Bishop Nichols is to unite
the fortunate young couple.
Several hundred invitations for the
church ceremony have been issued, and it
has been arranged for a special train to
convey the guests to San Mateo on Tues
day morning. The train will leave Third
and Townsend streets at 11:15. Theguents
will be met on tneir arrival at the village
by carriages and driven to St. Matliew's
Church.
The decorations at the church are to be
all in white. Tnere is to be no relieving
color. It is to be a white wedding. The
flowers for the altar are to be all snowy
white. The bridesmaids — Miss Florence
Mills, Miss Juliette Williams, Miss Mary
Eyre and Miss Jessie Hobart — are to be attired
all alike in pure white — white orgnnaie over
white silk — and the bride's gown, oi course, Is
to be all white.
The gown Miss Hobart will wear when she
becomes the bride of Charles A. Baldwin is of
cream-white salin, trimmed with some rare
Valenciennes. Like the gowns of her brides
maids, it was made by a leading New York
couturiere.
A breakfast will follow the ceremony, and,
although invitations have been limited, covers
will be laid for 200.
The wedding of Miss Alice Gerstle and J.
Levinson |\vill be celebrated on Wednesday,
July 29, at the elegant Gerstle place at San
Kniael. It is to be a noon wedding, and is to
be followed by a dejeuner to be served on the
lawn. Many delightiul novelties will be intro
duced, not the least of which will be the elabo
rate display of fireworks in the evening.
A pleasant surprise party was given Satur
i day night, June 27. to Miss Dagmar Hynding
ot Redwood City, who is visiting her aunt, Mrs.
Meyer, at Ocean View. Among those present
were Misses H. Krieger, J. Krieger, H. Benfield,
W. Schmidt, E. Schmidi, E. Smith, L. Smith, L.
(ieocken, A. Goecken, B. Ketelsou, K. Mc-
Gucken.T. Rode, A. McGulre, M. McGuire. H.
Anderson, D. Hynding, L. Oppelman, Mrs.
Meyer, Mrs. Mickelscn, and Mrs. Dr. Fald tings,
and Messrs. C. Krieger. W. Schuldt, G.
Schuldt, W, Greeley, V. Coakiey, M. Ketelson,
C. Barmun. A. Anderson, C. Thompson, F.
Mickelson, B. H. Meyer, W. Branaenbuerg, G.
Forest, R. Jorgenson, H. Gum. F. Bennett, H.
Oppelman, C. Miller, W. Bentield, B. Meyer, F.
Meyer, B. Anderson, Captain M. Anderson, C.
Mickelson, T. Mickelson.
At high noon Wednesday, July 1, in the
North Berkeley Church, were wedded by the
Rev. J. Clarke Robbins, John Edwin Holden,
eldest son of Mrs. Mary Holden of Berkeley,
and Miss Lillie Frances Raske, only daugnter
of Mrs. F. Raske oi Oakland and the jate Carl
Edward Kaske of Winters. Cal.
Miss Lucy E. Uolden, sister of the groom,
acted as bridesmaid, and Henry Goertzhain of
San Francisco attended the groom as best
man.
Upon their return from their honeymoon
Mr. and Mrs. Holden will make their home at
the residence of John E. Holden, 1800 Shat
tuck avenue, East Berkeley.
Mrs. M. Reyman and Miss Reyman of Oro
ville are at 1432 Geary street for the summer
months.
Miss Evelyn Lcvison and Miss Ruby Levison,
daughters of Grand Secretary Levison of tne
I. O. B. 8., have gone to Santa Cruz for their
vacation and are at the Riverside Hotel.
Misses Alice and Mabel Healey are spending
a few weeks with friends in Red Bluff.
Mr. and Mrs. M. D. McLaughlin and family
are at Mountain View for a snort stay.
Dr. T. H. Morris and J. Tred Wickman have
gone to Castella on a two weeks' hunting and
tishing trip.
Tlie arrivals at C. B. McMuth'a resort the
last week were as follows: Mrs. Vandercook,
Mrs. Melvin of Oakland. Mr. Sohlke and ton of
Alameda and Miss A. W. Brewer and brother of
Oakland.
Late arrivals at the Klamath Hot Springs, in
clude: Major John Lane, Spokane, Wash.;
Mrs. W. C. Hale and daughter, J. P. Lee, Dr. H
A. Wright, Klamath Falls; Mrs. M. L. Grohs
and daughlet. Auburn ; Robert Gillis and wife.
Miss Sarah Gillis, Mount Pleasant, Iowa; H.
B. Gillis and wife, Master Kenneth Gillis,
Yreka; Miss K. Macdonaid, Mrs. N. A. Wood,
MiBS I). A. Doud, O. Small, Charles J. Heggerty
and wife, Miss Nora Cashin, J. G. Keoth, Ed
ward Blase r, George Miller, F. W. Miner, Miss
A. Kuhn, San Francisco; w. N. Sutton, Port
land.
The National Athletic, Political and Social
Club has issued invitations tor its second an
nual ball, at California Hall, on Tuesday
evening, July 7.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
P Harrington, Fresno J P Taylor, Merced
Mis.s Harrington. Fresno s M Sloan, Portland
F 8 Hayrs, Sun Jose R r'orman & w, Napa
: O Benfosty, Sacramento J stone, Napa
I P Ford A fam. sacramto Mis-t B Oetiis, Stockton
; G Hastings, Sacramento Miss L Cameron, s»iockin
C O'Brien, .-acr«mento W Harkan, Petaluma
J Murphy, Sacramento W Hayes. 1-resno
J W Kenwick. Sacramto F Patterson, Fresno
H Jones, Oakland S Parker, Santa Cruz
J Brown, Santa Kosa B Malone, San Jose
H Cady, Alameda J Comiskey, Milpitas
C S Loose & w, Portland E J Fevold, lowa
J G Hanson <fe w, S Jose H G Greene. Portland
W F'Freeman. Seattle D Hartley *f, Portland
J B Haseltlne, Pa J E Flood & sn.Stockton
A D Bradley, Napa A J Lowther, Stockton
A W Jones. Oakaale Mrs I H shine, Sonora
W D Grady. Sonoma J Brown, Santa l rur
J Mi-Mahon, Santa Cruz H A Calef, Eugene, Or
J M Crosstey ftw.Wiiiets H Connolly, Petaluma
J Larrison, San Mateo J G Gieeson. Yolo Co
O Hartley. Visalla M J Peters, Vlsalia
D Ryan, Hay wards
GRAND HOTEL.
W Page, Folaom Mr Johns A wf, Califorha
Mr Thomas <fc w.Oaklnd Mrs U r Rising, Chicago
P A Rising, Chicago Mrs A Kellegher.Millam
|H 8 Frances. Redding H D Nash, Sacramento
I S Hurst, Vallejo L Goodwin, *acrameuto
B B Tomazzl. San Jose W P Miller Jr, belby
8 J File, Benlcia C Blanc, Benlcia
J AGoodwin&w.CaiiiornaC F Grant, California
Q A Beretta, Oaktand J W Regan, Santa Rosa
M M Barcenai, Oakland T V Collins Vallejo
J T Larkin, Santa Clara J F Hink *wf,Woodland
C M Weber. Stockton J F Green, Chicago
O O Peet, Xew vv O rk H F Russell, Santa Rosa
R B Marks, Fort Bra?* R L Foster * wf, Los Ane
W M Breckenridge.Ariza W D Millzner. Sacmento
W Hobetscheck, Sacto D P Pieice, W? Canyon
A Bonnheim & wf. Savto J Jeweu. Marysvllle
s McLaughlin, MossLdg J D Williams." oakiand
H H Carlson, !-an Diegu A W Boggs, Riverside
A F Kllnk, Chicaeo j A Wilson. Chicago
F W Johnson. Mar} sville H Block. Los Angeles
Mlssßlanchard.SanJose H M Place, California
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E B Channell, Berkeley T H Maunlng, Mare Id
B Feckyen, Rodeo s Palmer. Rodeo
J Hlslop. Lincoln J Swanson, Sacramento
« Hislop, Lincoln J G Edwards, ITklah
D F Kees. I kinh a Peterson, Stockton
J Ober, soleiad J A McGun, London
jJ E Morun. Petaluma H Copper, uridley
J Ober. Soledad T Gear. L'kiah
, W Gottlieb, I' kiah W Jantz. Chicago
; J Mlltt-r. Chicago* W Proctor, Johnsonbure
I J Williams, San Jose
PaLACS HOTEL.
iA J Burton, Lafayette X Lord, Philadelphia
I JG Earl, Liverpool R H Earl, Liverpool
A P Herbert, Colima M Harris* w, N Zealand
A Fran*>r, Long Island EhE h Hall &w, s Barbara
F H Batfour, Italy H H Pitcher, Llvermore
H T Porter, L Angeles B E Hyde, Visalla
3 C Esperiey &w. Pond W M Petrle. Sacramento
A L Welrick Jt w, Wash
BALDWIN HOTEL.
S T Bonaham, Angel lid. A L Wolfe, Oakland
J Cryzesco, San Jose J C Crooks, Marys villa
J Vutzpha, Vallejo J Alyeo, Benicia
G Cross, U S N •W. Snmmerfield, S Jose
J Rogers, San Mateo G Lindquist. Sacto
W C- Russell, Victoria R Friends. Sac:o
J Newsom, sacto _ FA Evans, Berkeley
C Bachtold, Set ma W G Scott, Selma
V J beallv, N«pa P Har ington, Fresno
J David, NY E Bachman&w,S Salvdor
H Rivera, Guatemala C Rivera, Guatemala
S Urretta, Guatemala - G L Argnetta, Guatemala
G Avila, Guatemala . A Stomp, N V ■
(i Wvlle, Johannsburg .G C Newman, (JSN '
M F Cochrane, s Rafael H Lnchman, Alameda
H B Calisher, NY E Graves, S Luis Oblspo
E M Lyon, San Jose A George. San Jose
C Jamison, sun Jose J X Carlisle, Detroit
F E Ray, Sacto J J Doerm, Vallejo
• '« — •
WKATHER BURKAU DEPORTED.
United Status Dkpahtmbict op asrictti/
tubk, Wkatheb Bcbkau, San Fbancisco, July
5. 1896, SP. v. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 62. Red Bluff 100, san Francisco 61,
Fresno 104. San Lais Obispo 74, Los Angeles 70,
San Diego 68, Yuma 108.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 61,
minimum 51, mean st>.
The pressure has fallen during the past twenty
four hours over tne western half of the country
with the exception of Northern California and
Nortnwest Nevada, where It has risen. The small
area ot low pressure wnicn existed last night over
the Sacramento Valley has disappeared 10 the
northeastward. Over Northern Nevada the pres
sure has risen about one-tenth of an Inch in 'he
last twenty-four hours. In the San Joaquin Val
ley and extending southward to Yuma the pres
sure continues low.
The temperature has remained unusually warm
over the northern half of the Pacific Slopp. In
Idaho and Montana the temperatures are trom 15
to 20 degrees above the normal. There has been a
decided fall in temperature throughout the snera
mento Valli-y and in Northern Nevada. At Win
nemucca the temperature has fallen 13 deg. In the
past twenty-four hours.
Kaln has fallen along the southern coast of Cali
fornia and at Carson City, Xev. There has been a
general increase in clouJiness over the entire coast.
Conditions indicate unsettled weather Monday
In Eastern California and througho.it Neva la and
Utah, with much colder weather in Utah Monday.
Forecast made a. San Francisco for thirt,- hours
ending midnight, July 6, 1896:
Northern California — Cloudy weather Monday,
with fresh northwesterly winds.
southern California— Cloudy weather and possi
bly light showers along the coast Monday fore
noon: light westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy and unsettled weather Mon
day, possibly light showers In extreme northern
portion.
Utah— Cloudy and unsettled weather Monday,
with decided fall In temperature.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloud/ weather
Monday; fresh southwesterly winds. Increasing in
force in the afternoon: probably fog in the morn-
Ing. ALKIAXDKR <!. Jli.-Ahl K.
Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
July, 1896.
Bu.jMo. Tu. J*\ Th. J^'ij^i Moon's Phases
1' 2.3; * I Last Quarter.
— — p*^ / July 2.
5' 8 7 8 9 10 11 :
. A New Moon.
12 13 14 15 16 17 18|®_^!L^1
~ " " I I Quarter
19 20 21 32 23 24 25 M July 17.
-'« 27 28 29 30 31
fiA Full Moon. I
July 24.
OCEAN STRAMERS.
Date* of Departure From San Francisco.
6TKAMKR | ]>ESTI NATtOX. | SAILS. | PIKR. ■
Truclcee.... : Coos Bay I July 6. Oceanic
XnreKa .... MwMr. July 6, 9am Pier 11
▲Blanchara Oregon ports.. July 6. spm Pier 13
Columbia... ; Portland July 7.10 am Pier 24
Weeott | Eel Hirer July t. Bp.m Pier LJ
Santa Kosa. San Diei!O.... ..July 8. 11 am Pier 11
Wnlla Walla Vie <£ Pgt SnalJuly H. oam I Pier 9
Araco Coo» JlaT Jnly B.lU»m i>r 13
C010n........ Panama July 9,12 m PUSS
faralion.... \ aaulna Bar.. July 9. 9am fier 2
*'. Pauu.... j Newport July 10. Ham Pier 11
Del None.. jUrarsHarDor Jnlyll, [
Australia.... ! Honolulu j JuIvII.IOam Oceanic
City Peking. China & Japan July 11. 3pm PSIBS
6i»t« or Cai j Portland |Jul.vl2.loam Pier 24
Sunol Grays Harbor. | Ju1y12. 12 v Pier 'i
C mail ll a Vie & Pet Hnd ,Julyl3. 9am Pier a
BTKAMKR
| !>ESTINATt!>X. |
sa I r,s.
STEAMENS TO ARRIVE.
3TKAMER
From
I DC*
Aragro Coos Bay July 6
Australia. Honolulu July 6
(anuKoMi '«ta Uitn. July 6
Empire Portland Jnly 7
romona. HiimDom uar July 7
Crcscsnt Cily. .. i rwceai. city. jul'y 8
Bt Paul Newport , ..July 8
F»r»llon j Taaalna JJ»jr July 8
North Koru. I Humboldt Bay July 8
Umatllla Victoria i Pueet aounu ..July 9
State or Ual eortland July 9
Del Norte Grays HarDor July 9
Bunol Urays war Dor July 9
Corona San Diego. July 11
Doric China nnd Japan July 13
SUN MOON AND TIDE.
r. F. COAST A!«D GEODBTIO S.PBVBY Tins')
Lnn.KTix Published by Official ; - V
AtTTHORITY OF THI SUPBBrSTItXBKXT. )
Monday, July ti.
Snnrtsea 4.5 J i Moon rises 0.54 am
Son seta 7.36 1 Moon sets
Julv -1896.
I Time Feet Time Fwt Time Feet Time Feet
sIl w h w l w h w
6 2.64' 0.2 lU. i 4 3.5 i l.i«|
7j 3.341— 03|11.0tf 3.7 2.09
8| 4.12J-0.8111.49 4.0 3.0!,
9 4.80i-1.l 12.25 4.1 a 5«
0 6.29 -1.2 1.00 4.5 4.51
1 6.08 — 1.9 1.31 4.7 5.44
2 1 6.47 —1.1 2.02 4.8 6.40
H.O 7.48; 577
:i.A h.si; 5.9
3.3 816 6.1
3.4 10.01 6.2
3.JM0.46 6.2
3.0'1J.35 6.1
2-8| |
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a mlnns sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtracUve
from 'h° rtenth civrn by 'he clvirts.
SHIPING INTELIGENCE.
Arrived.
SUNDAY, July 5.
Stmr Alcatraz, ; Walvlg, 60 hours from Yaquina
Bay: stave bolts, stone, etc, io. Meyer & Akmann.
Stmr Noyo. Levlnson. 14 hours from Fort Bragg:
pass and mdse to, .1 S Kirn hall.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, 28 days. 16 hours
and 4 mm from Hongkong, via Yokohama 17
days 10 hours and 6 mm, via Honolulu 6 days 9 '
hours and 3 mm : pass and mdse. to PM S 8 Co. >
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 1 6 hoi; from Moss Landing, ■
etc: produce, to Goodall. Perkins A Co. ■
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Dunham, 4 days from
Portland, via Coos . Bay 45 hours; pass and mdse,
to North Pacific Steamship Co.
• Stmr Weeott, Whitney, 21 hours from Eel
River: pass and mdse, to Russ, Sanders & Co.
Stmr. Point Arena. Johnson, 16 hours from
Mendoclno and way ports; pass and mdse. to Men
doclno Lumber Co.
Stmr Progreso, Storrs. 80 hours from Seattle;
2876 tons coal, to P B Cornwati.
Ger ship Christine, Warneke, 64 days from Syd
ney: 2990 tons coal, to Henry Lund 4 Co.
Schr. Nettie Low. Low, b hours from Point
Reyes: 20 bxs butter, to. J H Newbauer Co "
Schr James A Garfic-ld, Palmgren, , 9 days from
South Bend; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Jessie Minor, Whitney. 2 days trom Eu
reka: 290 Mft lumber, to J Hanify.
Schr Ottillie Fjord, = Segethorst, 8 days from
Grays Harbor; lumber, to Wilson Bros <ft' Co.
sailed.
SUNDAY, July 5.
. Stmr Corona. Hall. San Diego. -
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka.
Schr Mary Etta, Wetzel, Bowens Landing.
Teieerauitic.
- POINT LOBOS, July 6 -10 p. m. — Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity. 16 miles.
Uom«»«tio Port*.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived. July 4-Stmr
Alcazar, trom Newport.
Sailed July 4 — '■ mr Alcazar, for San Francisco.
PORTTOWNSENii- Arrived July 4-Bark So
noma, from Honolulu.
PORT GAMBLE- Arrived July s— Schr Comet
from san Pedro. *
' Sailed July 6— Schr W F Jewett, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived July 6— Schr Antelope, hnc
MENDOCINO-Salled July 5-Stmr Point Arena
for San Francisco. I^jfe4fe.« j ;
COOS BAY-Salled July B-Stmr Arajjo. for San
Francisco. ' - - ; • . ""
ASTORIA- Arrived July 5-Brship Anyone
from Acapulco. . . X ''"^
f EUREKA— Arrived July 4-Smr Scotia, from
rßockport:r Rockport: stmr National City, hence June 3. JuW
6— stmrPasAdena, from San Pedro; simr Arc »'£
hence July 3. v . --.-""
he^e Junei°- AmVenJUly s "Stmf" Stmf Elcel
PORT BLAKELEY- Arrived July 4-Bark Kate
Davenport, hence June 18.: schr Excelsior, hence
Ge P c?L T nf e A i^n O e CC IK3l K 37 ArriVßdJttly & Annie
Foreign Port*.
man. CC L EE A F pr^9- Arr ' Ved JU ' y 4 ~ Sch ' J M Co «-
Sa^ft^Portirnieni^ 6 »-*^>d E
cWll^ A n^ne rr 2 l r. ed J ° 8 - Bark Gen *•**
_ HONOLULU— Arrived Jnne 26-Br stmr Contla
hence June 20; Bt stmr Mlowera, Irom SydSey
aauldl^n« r £' "" y D Of Pekln * : 'om Yokohama,"
Sailed June ii7-Br stmr Coptic, from Yolco
hama;BrstmrMlowera, for ,vie, vie £ orla i )t bar f k ir !.„
Allen, for San Francisso; schr Transit, for San
Francisco.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 6-Btmr ODdam. fm
Rotter lam and Boulogne. «„..„„„
HAVRE— Arrived out July 6— Stm La B™ l ** l **.
SOUTHAMPTON-Arrlved out July s— stmr
A QUEEXSTOWN— Sailed July s— Stmr Campania
July 6-Stmr Vir
ginia, Tom New York, for Copenhagen.
SCILLY-Passed July 6-Stmr Berlin, from
Antwerp, for New York.
Importation*. .
PORTLAND- Per Alice Blßnchard— 7 cs fibre
tubs, BC3 pa er tablets, 16 stoves 1 casting. 3 cs
clothing, 1 bx samples. 45.458 ft lumber. 1203 sks
oats, 64 sks wheat, 310 sks oran. Hides. 39,958
A«torla-3186 bdls shooks. 17 bdls hides. 39,953
'com Ba'y-40 head cattle, 7 ska potatoes, 20 eds
matchwood, 1 bx butter. ■ _
YAQUINA BAY— Per Alcatraz— 27b tons stone,
26 eds stavebolts. .1...,, k.j». , . ..
FORT BRAGO-PerNoyo-47 bdls hides, 1 bdl
pelts. 1 bx tails. 1 bale hose, 1 bx mrs, 1 bx, pat
terns, 249,892 ft lumber. , Konohr.
POUT KENYON-Per Weeott- 1 tub 209 bxs
butter. » cs eggs, 8 cs dry goods, 285 ska oats, J
bd s dry hides. 69 bdls 65 sks green hides, li hogs,
69 calves, 19 dressed calves, 16 eds ? tov : fi a^Hs.
Shelter Cove-i sk furs, 122 bales 98 hf-balcs
3i^^^S« P^
CIIIV4. AND JAPAN — Per City of Peking—
1789 ?«■» mdse. 1 727 bags rice. 5967 pkgs tea
695 cs oil, 253 pk«S curios, 251 pkgs bonus. 9 PKcs
spice. 2065 bags sugar, 1331 pkus sauce. 277 pkg»
firecrackers, 30 parcels 30 pkgs silk goods. JHan
rolls matting. 307 bags coffee. 310 teak planks.
Overland-69 pkgs mdse, 3489 pkgs tea, 53 pkga
raw silk. 238 pkgs curios, 19 parcels 21 pkgs silk
goo Is, 241 rolls matting. „„ _ .
For Central and South Amcrica-88 pKgs mdse,
24 pkgs tea, 19 cs curios. 1 bag beans, 67 pkgs
firecrackers. 51 pkgs silk goods. „,,..!„
MENDOCINO— Per Point Arena— 32 Mit lum
ber.
Point Arena— 4l bxs butter.
moss Landing— Per Gipsy— Bo sks potatoes,
y% b.x butter.
Blanco — 1 cs eggs.
Salinas— l2 cs empty bottles. ,„ .
Santa Cruz— 27 sks bones, 16 sks rags, 10 bags
scrap Iron. 1 sk copper, 8 bxs garden seed.
IMj^on Point— l bx butter, 50 drums cheese Ibx
casting.
Amesport— 3 cs cheese, 10 bxs butter, 1 bx gro
ceries. 1 bbl groceries, 1 pkg poles, 6 sks peas, 65
sks peas, 16 Va sks beans.
Consignee*.
Per Gipsy— Wolf <S Son ; H Joost : Chas Harler
<fc Co: Cox Seed and Plant Co: Hllmer, BredholT
<fc Schulz: Wellman. Peck & Co: Brigham, Hoppe
& Co; Wheaton, Breon & Co: Dairymens' Union:
W X'rquart; D Blagi: \ju.ll\ Fruit Co; H Dutard,
Per Alice Rlanchnrd— Jacob Unna; Chicago
Clock Co: U SKav Mnfg Co; Goldstohe Bros; Le
Count Bros; v E Atkinson; SFandNPRy;J
Everdlng & Co; Moore. Ferguson <fc Cb; Thomas
Loughran: Humboldt Lumber Mill Co; Clatsop
Mill Co; Frank Bros; W 11 Smith; O P Doe;
Jacobnen <ft Co; Russ, Sanders <t Co.
Per City of Peking— Anglo-California Bank: Cal
and Japan Trading Co; Bank of British North
America; Blanchard & Page: H OGreenhood; C
Solomon Jr; Domoto Bros; Haas. Baruch A Co; J
Gutie: D Mnyer: J C Siegfried & Co: J H Boden <fc
Co; Llevre, Fricke <fe Co; M J Brandenstein & Co;
M Shlbata; MaconJry <£ Co; Nippon & Co: Parrott
<fe Co; Swayne A Hoyt; Wells, Fargo & Co; Thier
bach <ft Kroeger; U J T Tuska: T Murata; Wm
Roth: order; SPRR: PMSSCo; various Chi
nes? merchants.
Per Alcatraz— W S McGllvery; Pacific Wooden
ware Co.
Per Noyo— W B Sumner & Co: Union Lumber
Co: Golden Sta"*' Iron Works; Gubbs Rubber Co.
Per Weeott— D Dellosso: Gde Lucca; H Moffatt:
U S Lighthouse Inspector; James McDermott;
South San Francisco Packing and Provision Co:
Levi Strauss <t Co: Wolf A Son: Witzel A; Baker;
Dodge, Sweeney <fc Co: Norton, Teller & Co; Ross
& Hewlett; Shoobert, Beale * Co; Hulme & Hart;
Healdsburx and Sonoma Commercial Co: Frerter
icksburg Brewery; Hiimer, Bredhoff <fc Schulz; O
B Smith &Co: Thos Dengan, Son & Co; Russ,
Honders <t Co: Brigham, Hopne & Co; F B Haight;
0 E Whitney <S Co.
p er Point Arena— Ross <fe Hewlett; Dairymen's
Union; Martin, Feusier & Co ; Wilson i Baech Lei;
Martin, Feusier & Co.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
ASTORIA ANIPORTLAE
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTH?! INCLUDED.
Columbia sails June 2 7, July 7, 17 and 27
biate of California sails. ....July 2, 12 ana 2i
From Bpear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. *.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Genl. Snpis.
- F. F. CONNOR, General Agent.
;__ 630 Market s-.rea'-
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP
CUTRATES
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
3B»lx-«Hrt C3l.a,tmm 63. 00
Second Class-.-dS.OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office-— New Montgomery Street.
GOODALL. PERKINs"& CO..
General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP' COIP.UI
STEAMERS WILL .SAIL FROM Am.
O Broadway wharf, San Francisco as jfiSflPlr*
follows: -
For Mary Island. Lorln*. WrsnnL Juneau, K!I-
-lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at a. it, July 3, 13,
lte. 28 * ii .-. -7, Jt.
■ For Victoria and Vancouver (R. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Kverett. Anacortes and Nesr
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
July 3. . 13. I*. 23. 28. and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wltbj
the C. p. R. a., at Tacoma with N. P. R. r_
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townaend wita
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, A rcata and Fields L&ndlnjr (Hum-
bold Bay) sir. Pomona. 2 p. m.. jmy 5. 8. i->
16 '20. •_+, i:.-> and every fourth day thereafter
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos.
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota. Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hneneme. San Pedro. Kasi San
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. Jul»
2. 6, in 1 4. 18, 22. "2t». 30 and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfort
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. *•. Ui.y :-. >. 12. Is. -jo. 24, 3" an} every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba.
10 a. m., .111 >• :> mm -Join »i etc.i uiontti thereafter
TicKec office, Palace Hotel. 4 New Montgomery
•treet.
GOODALX, PERKINS A CO., Gem Agents.
•'•-'- ■■ 10 Market at. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII. SAMOA, JL^. HONOLULU '
NEW ZEALAND, fl by
AUSTRALIA. Us.S, AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Sacur-
day, July 11, at 10 a. it. Sneclai party ra es.
b. S. MA If sails via HONOLULU an!
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Tnuraday, Ju v • 2i
at 2r. m '■•■— . ' **
Line to COOLGARDIE, Anst.,and CAPETOWN
Bouth Africa. . •■• ■ - ■ ■ -. • ""•
J.D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Aijt«.
Freight Office. 327 Market st.. San F rLm-iacoT ***
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRAISmiITIWI
French Lln«» to Harm *
/COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH «!._
V/ River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■&JBBB
this line avoid both transit oy English rallwaylS
the discomfort of crossing the channel ir. a small
boat. New Yoric to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paru:
first-ciass $ 1 BO : second-class. *1 la ™*
LATOURAINE. CapU Santelll.. .May 2'^ Ma «
LA N0RMAND1E........... May •>*. 8 i* !f*
LA GASCOGNE..... J a «2a7a" S.
la NOR >IAN1)IK. ..July 4 6 a v
LA GAJrCOONE... ....July 25 11 1" »'
LA NORM AN DIE .............. Aususl Tl 5£ m
LA BOURGOGNE. Capt. L*bf>euf. June & 7 £%£
Kir For further canicular* apply to
« A , _„,. A, FORGET. Agent.
* » irna»7i * r.A ln * Ore « n ' New York.
Agenta - ,» Montgomw,
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT. '
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL >?>«_
fortnightly for the West Indies and l£ili
Southampton, calling en route ;. at Cerbourgn,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. -
Through bills of lading, In connection with ' tha
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and traa».
ore to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; third
■lass, »97 60. For further particulars apply to
PARKOTT & CO., Agents,
. . 308 California St.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
a? a Y f.' c . r . No 3 ' Washington St..
At 6 I . 31, "■£);:.,£*•***< received up
tO" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
Telephone Main 805. isi^xlvTi^SS. 0^
Ililllliii
COSTA A:\JMRIMKKnPRISONERS WHO
WERE PATRIOTS,
Cut Their Way Out of Jail
so They Could Cele
brate.
TWO CROOKS ESCAPE.
The Wife of One Was Evidently
a Party to the Con
spiracy.
DRUGGED THEIR CELLMATE.
When He Awoke He Had All the
Cell to Eimself and Not Even
a Black t.
Oakland Office Fan Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 5. \
Edward Kelly and John Martinson held
a great celebration at midnight in honor
The Inside of the Escape's Cell When a Deputy Entered It Yesterday Morning.
The Man in the Picture Is of the Same Build as Kelly and Shows How
Difficult Must Have Been the Task of Getting Through the Hole.
of gaining their civil liberty. Just where
they celebrated or the hour is not known,
but it was before the hour of midnight,
when the noise of the firecrackers was
loudest. '
KelJy and Martinson were prisoners in
the County Jail yesterday afternoon. To
day they are where nobody can find them.
Tney cut their way out of their cell,
lowered thenfcelves into the courtyard,
and, with the aid of confederates, escaped
over the wall to liberty. Both tde men
are olri-timers and are known all over the
State as burglars.
Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Martinson vis
ited her husband and talked with him
through the wicket of his cell. She ap
peared to be more distressed than ever,
and her devotion to her husband was par
ticularly noticeable.
What transpired after Mrs. Martinson
departed is told partly by tbe third occu
pant and partly by the evidence of tbe
flight
•'After the woman went," said Frank
Wood, who wa* a cellmate of the escapes,
"they cave me some opium, and as I had
not taten any for a long time I took ?n
extra big dose and very soon I kii ..•
nothing. When I woke up I was the only
one left in the cell. I don't know when
they went, but it was about midnight
when I woke and they were gone. They
had pulled tne blankets from under me
to make a roje."
The bars of the window, which are of
soft iron, were cut through with remark
able cleanness, showing that the burglars
must have had some first-class tools.
Outside (he window are three heavy up
right bars and one of these was sawed
through and lifted inside the cell. The
blankets were torn into strips and twisted
into a rope, and with these the men
lowered themselves to the ground. Con
federates must have been in waiting to
help them over the outer wall. A pillow
slip on the end of a string was found in
the room and it is .supposed that after the
hole was cut through the window a line
was thrown clear over tlie outside wall
and ths bag containing a rope ladder was
hauled into the cell.
It le quite certain that Mrs. Martinson
supplied the connecting links of the con
s-piracy during her visit yesterday and
landed her husband the saws with which
the bars were cut. Indeed, there are
seven cuts through bars over one inch
thick.
The men were evidently experts at get
ting through small holes, as an amateur
could not possibly get through the aper
ture. The hole in the window is broad
but of little height, while the outer hole,
between the upright bars, is narrow but
long. This necessitates a man taking a
half-turn in himself while passing through,
and this at a beitrht of twenty feet from
the ground is attended with great risk.
The prisoners' freedom, however, was
very brief. Deputy Sheriff Al White lo
< 't ri Mrs. Murunson this afternoon and
followed her. tihe led him to n house in
San Francisco aud both escapes w*re there.
V>'ith the assistance of an officer Ai White
handcuffed the two men and to-nii.'ht they
are back in the County Jail, having been
absent but twenty hours.
At the JlHC.lonough.
OAKLAND, Cal., July s.— John Drew
a nd h a company open' at the Macdon
ough Theater "to-morrow night for a three
nights' engagement under the new man
agement.
The opening bill will be Madeline Lu
cette Ryley's picturesque love story,
"Christopher Jr.," which Mr. Drew pre
sented for fifteen weeks at Charles Froh
nian's Theater. Wednesday and Thurs
day nights R. C. Carton's comedy of men,
manners and woman's foibles, "The
Squire of Dames," will be given. This
latter comedy has so far been the crown
ing event of Mr. Drew's stellar career, and
he presented it with what may be de
scribed as tremendous success for the last
three weeks of his thirty weeks' season in
New York. Miss Maud Adams, of
course, has the leading feminine role in
each play, and every other member of
this perfect company is admirably cast.
•—• — ♦ — •
FYIHIAN KNIGHTS.
All the Alameda County todjje* Preaent
Gratifying Reports of Progress.
OAKLAND, Cal., July s.— On Friday
night, July 10, Oakland Lodge No. 103 will
Install its officers and confer the rank of
esquire on Pages Banders and Hansen.
After the closing of Oakland Lodge on the
night of June 26 Alameda Council No. 1,
Order of the Grand Orient, took possession
of the hall and held its regular annual
high jinss, banquet and entertainment
The fun began by a brief address of wel
come by the grand padisha, A. P. O'Neill.
The punchbowl was then brought forward
and the loving-cup was served to all
present. After ample justice had been
done to all the many good things under
which the banquet-table fairly groaned
the chairman of the evening, Sam Ferris,
on behalf of Alameda Council, presented
an elegant gold-mounted cane, appropri
ately inscribed, to its populai and worthy
caterer. J. H. Moon. Prince Moon in a
few well-chosen words thanked the coun
cil for its generous token of esteem.
The following programme was then ren
dered: Vocal solo, M. B. Curtis; remarks
by Prmoe George Samuels; vocal solo,
Prince Conway; reading original verses.
A. P. O'Neill; vocal quartet, Ferris, Mur
phy, Bonham, Curtis; comic song. Prince
Kerschner; recitation, E. B. Griffen ; vocal
solo, E. .'. Murphy; humorous recitation,
"How It Feels to Be a Father of a Bounc
ing Baby Girl," Prince Jackmiss. A brief
address by Prince B. D. (ians closed the
programme. Much credit reflects upon
the committee who had the affair in
charge.
Piedmont Lodge No. 172 this evening
will confer the knight rank on Esquire F.
Leitch, and at its session of July 13 will
install its officers. After the installation
;he fourth degree will be conferred in an
elaborate manner upon all present. The
um:orm rank is especially invited to be
present on the occasion.
FIREWORKS AND ORATORY
They Should Not Be Mistaken
and Substituted for
Patriotism.
Timely 'Discourse by the Pastor of
the First Free Baptist
Church.
Oakland Office San Fbancifco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 5. J
To-night Rev. Philip Graif, at the Twen
ty-rirst street Free Baptist Church,
preached on a Fourth of July theme, tak
ing "Patriotism" as the baais of his ser
mon. He said:
Anniversaries of public noise and pomp of
j pnriKl*,', of firecracker and oration, of sky-
I rocket and rit?s of holy memorial, are not
without their ethical significance and imprcs
siveness. Little do we think that la the an.
nual rage for fireworks and eloquence and
i singing ol National hymns there is a divine
| contagion in wh.ch a red-blooded patriotism is
I bred— and yet, to some extent such is the fact.
How commemorative days stir the National
c<ii>cience and fire the patriot heart, and
i happy is that lnud whose roll of worthies is
loi;g. and whose deeds of valor electrify and
I dazzle cot and palace, plow and classic hail
alike.
Not to erect statue or marble shaft to states-
I men and sages, heroes and martyrs; not to
i ceiebrate their virtues or exult In their. vie-
I torie-< is not only to undervalue our priceless
! heritage, but to quench or mar the patriotism
' of the future. Tc leave Bunker Hill or Gettys
burg unsung in the battle hymns of the Re
public, or to leave the brow of a Washington
or a Lincoln uncircled with the halo of our
! admiration and love were base ingratitude.
I Let each new Fourth be like Walter Scott's
! fieure of Old Mortality, with clean-cut chisel,
i searching the nobie tombstones of our history
I and bringing out in beautiful distinctness
names almost effaced by creeping moss or the
decaying tooth of time.
Let our patriotism be a vital, inspirational
force— not a cold, mechanical, calculating af
fair. ' Juat as Homer lived for poetry and Ra
phael was devoted to painting, so a patriot 1b
eonsumned and exalted by his love fort lie starry
flae. It is quite possible that a sordid, money
mukinK age may cool the loftier ardor of affec
tion for the fatherland, for it is said that no
divine art or stroke of heroism will flow forth,
I whether in carving or music or goodness, from
'< ringers' thin itch too loudly after gold. After
all, not in anything else but in unselfish Living
for others Is the secret found of the country's
growing hupuino.-s Had splendor, and hence to
promote a government by, oi and for the peo
ple is not only the best way of commemorating
the illustruous pa-4, but also the wisest method
of enlarging and glorifying the future of our
country.
•—• — * — *■
A report shows that there are 2173 per
sons in the world known to have six
> fingers on one hand and 421 with seven
I fingers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 6, 1896.
GOOD ROADS WILL
COST GOOD MONEY
War Cry of the Next City
Campaign Already
Sounded.
VALUE OF A DOLLAR TAX
Something Like Blowing Hot
and Cold From the Same
Mouth.
PATRIOTISM AND MURDER.
The City Ordinance Opens a Way by
Which the Two May B;
Blended.
Oakland Office Sah Fbancibco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 5. j
There is a Good Roads Association in
this city, the puipoee of which is suffi
ciently Indicated by its name. There is
also a Good Government Club, whose pur
pose should also be sufficieutlv expressed
by its designation. It mi.ht also be sup
posed, and not unreasonably, that the
lines of work of the two clubs would be
Bomewhat similar. A greater error could
not possibly be made, and to add to the
intricacy of the situation there are a few
prominent men who are connected with
both associations. Anywhere else but in
Oakland this state of affairs would be re
garded as somewhat peculiar. Here it ex
cites no comment, as the system of play
ing both ends against the middle has long
been regarded as one of the fine arts most
worthy of patronage.
During tbe past week the fiscal year has
closed, during which the tax rate has
been one dollar. A meeting of the Mer
chants' Exchange was also held which
recommended that a tax rate be levied for
the coming year which shall be sufficient
to provide for all necessary repairs and for
half the reconstruction of the main thor
oughfares to East Oakland. Thisresolu
tion was passed and indorsed by the Good
Roads Association after an elaborate
paper by M. K. Miller, the present Street
Superintendent.
iir. Miller's plan provides for half the
reconstruction of some streets of which
the property-owners are to provide the
other half. Of course, if Mr. Miller were
to be permitted to continue in office till
his plans were completed il would be a
good idea to accept them, but it is likely
that another Populist Board of Works
will be elected, and ia such a case Mr.
Miller would be retired and his successor
would have other plans.
Undoubtedly the Good Roads Associa
tion, tbe Merchants' Exchange and the
Board of Works are thoroughly sincere
in their desire for a tax rate sufficiently
high to provide good roads. This, how
ever, cannot be undertaken on a dollar
tax, if Mr. Miller's report of his past year's
work be correct. Mayor Davie, the great
champion of the dollar tax, says that lack
of money is not the cause of so many
streets being out of repair, but lack of
competency. Between these statements
the public must choose.
The Good Government Club is the great
moral power behind tbe Mayor in bis
fight to maintain a dollar tax. During the
past year it has been conclusively proved
that a dollar can pay all running expenses,
but even its most enthusiastic supporter
will not claim that it allows for any per
manent improvements. Here, then, is
where the friction arises. Is the Good
Government Club in its support of the low
tax rate contributing to the possibility of
permanently improving the roads? It is
certain that money is required to make
good roads, and it is equally certain that
ii people who as good citizens demand
good roads are not equally willing as good
taxpayers to countenance the necessary
tax, nothing will bedone and the meetines
of improvement clubs had better never
have been called. If a tax ot $1 15 is
absolutely necessary to provide for good
roads — and men whose business it is to
know say that it is — then the Good Gov
ernment Club and the Mayor should
countenance it and lend their aid in estab
lishing it at that figure. If the roads can
be repaired on tbe dollar tax— anc the
Mayor declares that they can — then the
statements of the Street Superintendent
should be disproved. In referring to the
Oakland dollar tax levy there is one thing
to be borne in mind. The dollar provides
for municipal expenses as well as for bond
interest and redemption. These latter
require a tax of 13 cents, so that the city's
municipal tax is in reality but 85 cents.
It will be on the tax question mat the
next municipal campaign will be fought.
There is immediate need for an amend
ment of the ordinance permitting the
firing of blank cartridges in the streets on
the Fourth of July. The ordinance was
grossly violated, and one young lady may
congratulate herself that she is still alive,
although her features will be marked for
life. Broadway this morning was a revela
tion to the police officers and citizens who
inspected it. Scores of bullets were in the
sidewalks and many signs were liberally
punctured. No other proof was necessary
that a large proportion of the "blank' 1
cartridges used yesterday were loaded. At
the Sixth-street engine-house a man was
seen to discharge his revolver in the air
and a fatality was narrowly averted. The
shooting of Miss Ellis should be argument
enough to immediately bring about a
change in the ordinance. No argument
can make possible murders an excuse for
a display of patriotism.
So long as people are permitted to fire
blank cartridges on the streets the privi
lege, if such it can be called, will be
abused. The size to whicli fire-crackers
have grown are surely big enough and
noisy enough to express the patriotism of
even a naturalized Britisher, without re
course to a practice that is bound eventu
ally to provft fatal.
Toward the close of the National holi
day when the exuberance of spirits begins
to assert itself, a revolver with any kind of
cartridges is dangerous. Where a crowd
of young fellows are shooting on the
streets it is impossible to tell which one is
using bullets or to trace the culpability in
case of accident. The number of bullets
on the street to-day shows Low greatly
the privilege was violated and should be
all tbe petition necessary to secure a
remedy.
Editor Hign nas played in bad luck. He
was found guilty oi criminal libel by a
jury in the Police Court. Although legally
guilty. Mr. High can hardly be said to be
morally so. Although an Oaklander, Mr.
High's newspaper experience was mostly
gained in Han Francisco and Los Angeles.
It was this that led him astray. Mr. High
naturally concluded that the residents of
this city were like those of the northern
and southern metropolises and paid no at
tention to newspaper statements. Here it
is different. The value of a reputation is
placed at a very high figure in Oakland
and when it is assailed all stand in for
mutual protection. Mr. High thought he
had libeled only Mr. Dingee. He discov
ered that he had, in reality, libeled the
whole city and he has been engrossed in
deep thouarht ever since. s. W. B.
A Horse Shot.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 5.— A young
milkman from Fruitvale named Lewis was
driving his milk wagon along San Jose
avenue about 5 o'cl ck this afternoon,
when his horse tripped as it was crossing
the car rails and Jell, snapping its near
foreleg clean in two. Officer Welsh was
soon on the scene and shot the poor ani
mal.
A PATRIOTIC SERVICE.
liy the Children of the Simpson Memo
rial Church Sunday-School.
Yesterday afternoon the Sunday-school
service in the Sunday-school room of the
Simpson Memorial Church was of the pa
triotic order, and a pretty and interesting
one it was. The schoolroom was taste
fully decorated with flags and patriotic
emblems.
After the usual opening exercises, C. B.
Perkins, the superintendent, delivered a
short patriotic address, drawing a iesson
from the celebration of the Fourth. Tbe
children sang "The Ked, White ana Blue,"
the younger ones during the cnorus wav
ing small American flags. George Perkins,
a lad of 15, recited in a very effective man
ner "Aoraham Lincoln." W. H. Ham
raon read a pap?r on Ben Franklin that
bad been prepared by Alexander G. Mc-
Adie.
Tbere was a patriotic son^ by the scnool,
after which Mrs. Nellie Holbrook Blinn
recited with a great deal of force "Bar
bara Fritcbie." Miss Bergland, the so-
Bella Vista's New Schoolhonse, to Be Built Between Niles and Decoto.
prano of the church choir, rendered the
"Star-Spangled Banner," and Professor E.
Knowlton delivered a short address and
read an original poem.
RICH IN CHRYSOPRASE.
Professor Kunz Says That the
Tulare Discovery Is
Valuable.
This Exp rt Mineralogist Denies That
He M nimized the Importance
of the Find.
Botne time ago there was published in
The Call an account of the discovery of
chrysoprase in Visaiia, and t&e fact that
the rind was a valuable one in view of its
scarcity. On the following day there was
published a dispatch from New York
which set forth that Professor Georee F.
Kunz, one of the beat known mineralo
gists of the ace, had declared that the find
was of no value.
A few dayß ago 0. P. "Wilcomb, the
curator of Golden Gate Park museum, re
ceived a letter from M. Braverman of Vi
salia, who owns the ground in which the
ems were found.. In this the writer says '
that he received a communication from I
Professor Kunz, who informed him that j
tiiere must have been soaae mistake in the j
dispatch.
He says that he did not have any talk
with any one on the subject, and conse
quently could not have said what was cred
ited to him; that he further drew atten
tion on the subject in bis book, "The Pre
cious Stones ot the United States." What
he has published is brief and is in the
following words: "There arp specimens of
chrysoprase found near Visalia by M.
liraverrnan. They are perfect gems.'"'
Accompanying this letter to Mr. Wil
comb wag a clipping from a recent issue of
the Daily Delta, published in Vis&lia, reia
tive to the district from which the gems
have been obtained. In this article the
writer says;
The chrysopraee rninps are located nine
miles northeast of Visaiia. When specimens
were llrst brought here the discoverer thought
he had found indications of riuc, but Mr.
Kraverman had the specimens tested and wai
the first to make known the existence of the
beautiful stone in this vicinity. The first
specimens were found on the western slope of
the small detached clump of hills near the old
p< ttlemrnt oi Venice. Subsequently tine speci
mens were found ou the eastern Blope.
Tulare County is the only portion of the
United States in which it has been discovered,
and at the mine the prized frem was iound In
tiiin layers in silicified serpentine rock which
is hard and difficuU to work. The veins of
chryKoprase nre generally from half an inch
to two inches thick.
The result of two weeks' work was only
eight or ten ounces of the gem material. Most
of what was dug out was pitted or contained
flaws and tbe shade of most of it was a very
lißht green. It is the uncertainty and extreme
difficulty of getting suitable stone that makes
it valuable.
The writer then describes the finding of
some semi-opals, and adds: "The locality
is an interesting one to scientists. The
entire hill shows the existence of chal
cedony. Proper investigation may de
velop something of value in this remark
able group of hills nestling at the base of
the (Sierras. Owini; to the warm weather
and the exposed condition of tne diggings
work at the chryaoprase mines has been
discontinued, but will De resumed in the
fall by Professor Smith, who has recently
been conducting it."
••Tulare County," said Mr. Wilcomb, "is
a remarkable country — one that is full of
interest for the mineralogist, and as the
surface of the hills has been only ex
amined there is no telling what will be
discovered when search it> made below the
surface. I am of the opinion that it is
, much richer than peopie nave any idea."
BELLA VISTA'S
NEW SCHOOLHOUSE
Situated About Midway
Between Niles and
Decoto.
SETTLING UP RAPIDLY.
Taxpayers Have Voted Bonds to
Provide Adequate School
Facilities.
FLANS ALREADY ACCEPTED.
Several Other New Districts Will
Soon Be Required to Fol*
low Suit
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 4. f
Bella Vista district will soon have a new
schoolhouse.
The residents of that vicinity will no
longer have to send their children three
miles in all sorts of weather for their edu
cation. Plans have been accepted, and
tbe contract will be let at the meeting of
the Trustees to-morrow.
The Bella Vista district lies between
Mount Eden and Haywards, and since the
county was settled the children have been
forced to go great distances to attend
school at either of those places. When
there were but few children the matter re
ceived but little notice. Now, however,
the territory is rapidly becoming settled,
and the district voted bonds to erect a
schoolhouse that should be adequate to
the needs of the territory for many years
to come.
During the past few years the Bella
Vista district has increased greatly in
population. For more than two years
there has been a standing complaint
against the lack of school facilities, but
nothing could be done until the taxpayers
dec ded to issue bonds. This was done a
few weeks ago and they are being eagerly
sought for by bond-buyer 3.
The plans provide for a pretty little
building of four classrooms. It ia rather
more ornamental than the usual type of
country school and will be located about,
midway between Niles and Decoto. It is
calculated that it will open with an at
tendance of about 100.
For the past year the majority of the
children who will attend the new school
have been attending the public schools at
Hay wards, but the schools of that place
are now overcrowded and relief was per
emptory.
Tnere is a feeling of great satisfaction in
the Bella Vista district over the establish
ment of the new school, and it will doubt
| less act as an additional incentive to at
! tract residents to the productive neighbor
! hood. During the past few years the num
ber of school children in the interior of the
county has largely increased, and several
districts will soon have to vote bonds for
additional accommodations.
Livermore has recently added greatly to
her school facilities and other towns are
j about to follow suit.
PROFESSORS TO LECTURE
Farmers Will Receive the First
of the Fifty Lectures Voted
by the Regents.
Professors Hilsard. Wickson and Jaffa
fnd Instructor Hiyna to Speak
at C<mp Roacbe.
BERKELEY, Cal., July s.— The farmers
of the State will receive their first install
ment of the fifty lectures voted to them by
the Board of University Regents to-mor
row at the meeting at Camp Roache, in
the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Professor Woodworth, the entomologist
at Berkeley, will speak to them on bu^s,
insects and other fruit and vine destroying
pests. For the next two weeks the tillers
of the Boil in the central section of the
Btate will hear from a University of Cali
fornia professor from the Agricultural Col
lege every day, witi» a few lectures on free
silver and democracy by i'rofessor Ross
of Stanford intermixed. Thus the farmers
of the State will receive their Brat series of
lectures on "How to Vote," recently al
luded to in the Regents' meeting, by being
brought into closer touch with the State
University, its present conditions and its
needs.
For the delivering of these fifty lectures
to the gatherings of farmers throughout
the Stato the board s-et aside $3500 when
they made out their last annual budget.
It is anticipated that through their
agency a larger revenue can be raised for
the maintenance oi the university, be
Auction §ale&
A, L CRESSWELL, AUCTIONEER.
1 THIS DAY,
Monday.. July 6, 1896,
At XI o'clock a. it , ; I win sell
THE FINE FURNITURE, BED-
DING, CARPETS, Etc.,
——OF THE
LIJCOLS HOUSE, 20 STH ST., Ir. Market,
Contained In 35 Well-Furnished ~
Rooms.
Dealers and pnblic attention— RESERVE,
NO LIMIT. EVERYTHING MUST GO.
TERMS— CASH.
A. L. CRES3WELL, Auctioneer,
813 Market street.
PAYILIOX JIUCTIOt HOUSE,
319-321 -«tt.>r St., above Grant Aye.
AT SALKSUOOM THIS DAY.
Mondnv, at 10:30 a. m., I will sell the complete
and Elegant Furnishings of Three Private Keai-
dences: and Three Bars *nd Bock Bar-).
s. BABCH. Auctioneer.
sides giving the farmers the latest point
ers on scientific agriculture.
Professor Woodwonh will lecture on
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday on his
specialty, and Instructor Hayne will
speak on Thursday and Friday, taking for
his subjects "Wine Production" and
"Olive Culture."
Next week Professor Hilgard will speak
during the first two days on "The Origin
and Formation of Soils" and on "Soils
and Plants." On Wednesday and Thurs
day Professor Wickson will speak on
dairying and horticulture, and on Friday
Professor Jaffa will give a talK on
"Foods."
It is also expected that President Kel
logg will Rive two or three addresses on
the general interests of the university and
what is being accomplished in the various
departments.
Funeral of E* E. "White.
BERKELEY, Cal., July s.— The funeral
of L. E. White, the "Lumber King," who
died at Cazadero last Wednesday, took
place from the family residence on Ward
street this afternoon at 2 o'clock. Rector
George E. Swan of St. Mark's Episcopal
Church preached the funeral sermon, and
a quartet consisting of William N. Harris,
Frederick Clark, Miss Alice Raymond ana
Miss Gertrude Moore furnished music. At
the house they sang "Rock of Ages" and
"Jesus, Lover of My Soul," and at tbe
grave, "Abide With Me."
The house was filled with friends of the
deceased, who had come to pay their last
tribute to one of the State's prominent
citizens and public benefactors. The pall
bearers were all well-known lumbermen
who are in business about the bay. They
were: X C. Williams, J. H.- Tate, J.
Townsend, R. G. Bixby, C. E. Wilson and
Thomas Pollard.
The floral contributions were many and
beautiful in the extreme.
Postmaster's Salary Reduced.
BERKELEY, Cal., July s.— Among the
chances in postmasters salaries, made by
the authorities at Washington, is the re
duction of the allowance of the Berkeley
postmaster from $2500 to $2400 per year.
Postmaster McCarthy is still holding his
position, pending the decision of the Pre
sident as 10 who shall be the next post
master. It is expected daily that the new
man for the office will be named.
Ke«ler Talks on Art.
BERKELEY, Cal., July s.— The Uni
tarian summer school of liberal thought
was addressea at its session this moraine
by Rev. Dr. Payne, their pastor, who took
for his theme "A Modern Sermon on
Jesns."
Charles Keeler, the Berkeley poet, fol
lowed with an address to the Sunday
school on "Art and Science." The Uni
tarians feel much encouraged with the
progress they have matie in the line of
"liberal education," as they have called
it, and will continue for several months to
study nature and to emulate Shakespeare,
who said that there were "sermons in
stones, booKs in running brooks — good in
every thing."
MARKSMENAT SCHUETZEN
The California and Verein Ein
tracht Clubs Make Good
Scores.
Other Contests Postponed on Account
of the Fatigue Occasioned by
Celebrating the Fourth.
. The festivities of the Fourth evidently
proved too much for the riflemen who
were to have competed at Schuetzen Park
yesterday. Of the four organizations
which were to have occupied the stand the
California Schuetzen Club and the shoot
ing section of the San Francisco Verein
Eintracht were the only ones to face the
targets.
The former club held its regular monthly
medai shoot. Though the contestants
were not numerous the scores were very
good. They were as follows:
Champion class — A. Strecker, 428 rings.
Second champion class — Charles Thierbach
first, 436; Otto Burmeister second, 414. First
c!bss— L. Bemiel first, 414; D. B. r aktor sec
ond, 407. Second elns*— A. Gehret rlrst, 368;
O. Bremer second, 385. Third class— R. Langer
first, 801; J. C. \Yaher second, 3s7.. Fourth
class — A. N. Boyen first. 356; F. Acker sec
ond 352. Cadets — First class not won ; second
class. E. Wounne 304. First best shot, Charles
Thierbach 24; last bes.i shot H. Schroeder 25.
Tbe shooting of the Verein Eintracht
shooting section was also quite effective.
The following were the results:
Champion class— Curtain Kuhls, 446. First
class —T. Binnert, 425. Second class —C.
Sohroeder, 32. Third class— C. Suehrstedt,
435. Fourth class— Zahn, 288. First best
aiiot. John Jung ii 3: last best shot, F. A. Ha
ger 24.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.'
Atlantic <fite|g\
Pacific ■■^gSgH^-
Trains leave aa.l arrive til Bfi^^M
Market-Street Ferry. W^B^^y^^'^WPA
S.MTA FE~EXPRF&S. ||i|l|ll
To Chicago via A. & V 4^JEss!'*?SJfiJlj
■ 3Llirecfc Line-": •■HftMjpßfl^^r *tyij^
Leaves every day at 5 p. M.. carrymsj Pullman
Palace X3ra\vlng-room ■ Sleepers, tilao Modern l/p-
-holsterrd Tourist Sleeping-cars, with dean linen
and bedding and In rbanre of a porter, run daily
through to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex cars
for Denver and St.. Louis. •■
rersona'ly conducted Boston Excursions via
Kansas City, Chicago, Montreal and the .White
.Mountains leave every Wednesday.
The; best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new lies: no dust: interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms..
Ticket Oflice-Gl I Market Street, '
Chronicle .Building.
Telephone; Main 1531. ..
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Bauft»llto Ferry).
from San Francisco, L.'»:nm>ncins June 15, 1893.
WEEKDAYS. . ,
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7 :CO, *Broo
•9:15 10:16, 11:45, a. *.: -1:15, 3:20, 4:15,
' 6:16, •«:00. ..: :3S p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
! aaya and Saturdays at -.30 P. v. : ' >■ ■ .
SUNDAYS.
For Mill* Valley,: and San Raiael-*8:00, •9:00,
•10:00, 11:30 a. m.; «*lt.':3v>. 1:30, •2:16, *4:00,
. 6:30, 6:46, 8:30 p. m. Kxtra trip to aausalitoat
• 11:00 a. m.. ■; .-■■■•■■ • ■ . ; • . '■•■■- -
■ Trains marked • run to San Qaentln. •*I2:SO
; P. M. does not run to Mill Valley.
■ THROUGH TRAINS.
B For Point Reyes ana way scions— B:oo a.m.
Saturdays: 9 a. m. Sonda -i: 5:15 p.m. weekdays.
;J £ or Point Beyes, . Cazalero and war station's—
PIPO. a. Sundays; 1:46 p. m. weekdays. _
niinrtifcl^fciMaiMiMMiiißiiMiiiftß ■■■ ■■■!■ i m im ■■!!■
RECEIVER'S SALE_OF GROCERIES.
THIS DAY.
Monday...... ...July 6, 1896,
"- _ At 11 o'clock a. M., on the premises,
1022. HOWARD ST., NEAR SIXTH,
I will sell, by order of S. Morgan,
The Stock & Fixtures of Grocery Store
■'}. COMPBISINO IX PART: "*
1 FINE HORSE, WAGON AND HARNESS, 6
SCALES, 1 LARGE COFFEE-MILL, -1
. LARGE OIL TANK, COUNTER AND
SHELVING; STOCK OF. TEAS, COFFERS,
STAPLE AND FANCY GROCERIES,
WINES, LIQUORS, etc.
.. A; W. FURST, Auctioneer.
Fixtures of store will be salt! at 12 m.
RAILROAD TRAVEL: ..'.,.
BIG REDUCTION JJftATBS BY RAIL
TO
Foxi.'gxjA.Jjrap^ or.
TUESDAY ..JULY 7,
And Every. .Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market at., at 8 P. x.
A[ ft ft— lnciudine Berth in Pullman Tour-
3i U U ist Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth in A.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. CD -L" —
SPECIAL NOTICE.
. . This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets
be sold or biurgajc .; checked to such points.
49- Through Tickets for Puget Sound
Points on Sate at deduced liates. .
For fur:her Information apply at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
BODIUKBS PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC BVSTKM.)
Train* leave nnilnrn «Ine to nrrlve »1
SAN VRAXt:i.Si:O.
tKAVE . — Fhom Jctxb7. 1896. — arrivb
•«:oOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:43 a
7:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogden and Hast.. *•••»»
7:00 a Benicia, VacaTillo, Rutcsey. Sacra-
mento, Ororille and Redding vis
Dam 1... 6i4Bp
7:00 a. Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
toga and Santa Rosa 6:13?
' • :UUa Xiles, Sau Jose, Htocktou, lone.
Sacramento, MarysTille and Sec
Bluff..; 4tl»p
•SjSOa Peters and Milton »7:15p
•too a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Suit*
Barbara and Los Angeles 4:45p
O:O0a Martinez and Stockton 1 1:45 a
9:00 a Vallejo 6:15p
ltOOp Niles, San Joss and Livernioro 8:45 a
•1:OOp Sacramento raver Steamers *0:00p
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations «i4ar
4:00 i» Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Najia, CalUtogo, El Verano tni* .
Santa Rosa 9:15*
«i«op Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysrillek
OroriJ 1 o and Sacramento 10:45 a
. 4i3»p Kiles, San Jose. LiTermore and
Stockton 7ilsp
4:30p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yo?em!tc) and Fresno 11:45 a
3i#«r New Orleans l£xpree3,l 'reBno,Bakerß* I
fleld, Santa Barbara, ].ob Angeles ■
Sealing, £1 l'aso, New Orleans and
East 10:18 a
SiOOp Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express
for MojaTe and East ICiISa
B:OOpVaUcjo lli*sa
6:o*U> I'.uropcau Mail, Ogilen and Kant.... 0:4.1 a
6:00 l> liayivords, Niles and San Jose 7:41)*
t7:OOp Vallejo „ ; t7:4»p
7:00p Oregon Impress, Sacramento, Marys-
. '. Tillc. Redding, Portland, fuget
Bound ami Kagt 10:45 a
SANTA <:itl)Z lU VISION (Narrow tiaugP).
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, B&nta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations }8:03p
Bil3a Newark, C'en tcrville,Saii .lose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations.. 3i3»p
*»:15p Newark, Cen^erville, Saa Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Hauta Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »Il:a«A
t<:lsp Newark. San Jcse and T.oa (!atog....
COAST IHVISION (Third .V 'I'ownscnil Sts.)
•6:45 a San Joae and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 9:47 a
|7:3#a Sunday Excursion for Son . Josa.
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana
' Principal Way Stations J»:33p
■:Isa San Joso, Tres X'inos. Santa Cruz,
?ad(lo Grove, Paso Rubles, Sats
J.nh Ohispo, Guadalcpe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations Tir)3p
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations fl:3op
IO:4Oa San Jose and Way Stations.... 5:OOp
11:30 a Palo Alto aud Way Stations 3:30?
■2: 30p San Mateo, Menlo Park, Kan Jog*
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
terey and PaciScGrove *1 0:40 a
■S:3Op San Jose, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations *1;30p
•4:30 i« San Jose and Way Stations »»:<»Oa
3:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *B:4Na
0::$ Op San Jose ami Way Stations o:.'t3A
>11:45p San Jose ami Way Stittiong t7:45p
SAN LKANUBO AMD HAYWAKDS LOCAL.
j<6:ooaV ( 7:15 a
8:00 a : I tO:4SA
iS.oot Melrose, Seminary P«k, \°^i
U I!S2p FltcUHUfeSnLiuto j »3g
8:00p I an ,i 4:43r
- 4:OOp ' * S:4sp
I>:OOp B&rwards. 6:1 3p
5:30p U«TW»r<«. ?:45f
7:OOp ' v 8:45 r
Sloop i Runs through to ITOes. loltof
HH:ISpJ « From Mies. ttl3:oor
CREEK ROUTE FERRY r
Tron SAH mKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 3)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 A.U. U=oo *2:30 J3:CS
•1:03 . t6:00 : : *6:00 p.»« .."
•rom OlllißD— Foot of Brotdf«y.— s e:00 8:0 C
10:00 a.m. U2-.00 •1:00 t2:00 *3:CO ti:CC
•5:00 p.m. - ■' ' '
A for Morning. • . P for Afternoon.
' Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only
t Sundays only.
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
§ Saturdays and Sundays for Santa Cruz.
V finndays and Mondays from Santa Cms-
SM FRANCISCO & NORTH PI-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
: Tlburon Ferry-Foot of Market St. '
- .San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a.m.; 12-33 L
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 P. v. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. i*.
SDKDAYS— 7:SO, 8:30. 11:00 a. it; 1:30, 3:3*
5:00. 6:20 p.i •
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 A. if
12 :45, 8 :40, 5 :10 p. if. Saturdays-Extra trini
at 1:55 p. ir. and 6:35 p. it
BTJNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:si, 11:1 A. it: I:4a 3: *
6:00, 6:25 P. v. -'■ .
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sanu
schedule as above. ;
Leave Tn . #om Arrive ~"
Ban Francisco. . pr" »; Ban Francisca.
Wekic I Son- v.. I ,?^-... Son- 1 W«r
Datb. [days. "wnt'on. bays. I Days.
7:30 a* 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 8.40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am I Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 PMj 5:OO fu Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
I Fulton,
I 7:30 am I Windsor, 10:10 AM
Healdsburg,
'Geyser ville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
■■ ' '-„■•. " ; Pieta, \ ~
7:30 am Hoplan<t <& 10:10 AX
I 3:30 7:30 am Ukiah. . 7:30 I 6:15
! 7:30 am " ! ~ 10:10 am
; 7:30 am Guerne vUle. 7:30 pm
) 3:30 pm 6:15 PM
j 7:30 am 17:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and . . . ■ ■ ■ •
6 :10 pm j 5:00 pm j Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm ] 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am I s« hMfonn i 110:40 am 1 10:10 am
3:3Opm|s:oOpm| be ° aato P OL j 6:05 pm| 6:16 pic
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at (ieysenrille for Ska^gs Hprlngs; at
.Cloyerdalo for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyviile, Soda Bay and i.ak*-porr; at
Hopland for Lake-port ; and Bartlett Springs: at
UkiHh lor Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blun
Lakes, Laurel Cell Lake, Upper La»e, I'oruu, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lleiiey's, Buck.
Dell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Boonevllle,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Wsstpori, UgaJL Wlllets, Cahto, Co-
Teio, LaytGDVlile, Harris, .Scotia and Eureka.
! Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
i Min rnmfc«iinimni«*i ■• - x»«qBJ
■ On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
. yond San Rafael at half rates. '
1 Ticket Offices; 050 Market St., Chronicle bulldln j,
H. C WHITING. - , R. X. BY AIT.
, Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pass. Ageui.
/^*%l Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iJL*tfjJll *>-<"> KEAR.\ VST. -Established
i IB l!jB ln "*'* for the treatment of Private
•s^£V_^Bf DNeaisi-8, Lost Manhood. Debility or
wearing oi i body and mind and
<3i jH| skin Diseases. Thedoctorcure3wi)cn
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
?WHBaß('ii.' > ««nar»iiH'fd. Callorwrtte.
Sir. 4. ft. mints. Box 10 37, 5aa Fr&nciaoa
1112
PECULIARITY MAY
HINDER THE CURE,
Chinese Who Take the Goto
Treatment and Invite
Cold.
INDEPENDENT LEPERS.
Foast Pig and Other Delicacies
Enjoyed in Eonor of the
Fourth of July.
STRANGE BLOOD TRANSFUSION.
All the Afflicted at the Pesthouse Are
Living in Hopes That Their Curse
May Be Removed.
±Jret Harte's declaration that the
"heathen Chinee is peculiar" certainly
applies to the Chinese at the Pesthouse.
The water of the medicated baths in the
leprosy cure is heated to 90 degrees Fahr
enheit and kept at thct point as nearly as
possible. The batb is taken at least once
a day.
The bath was taken the first time on the
Fourth of July and repeated yesterday.
Now where "the heathen Chinee is pecu
liar" at tne Pesthouse is that several of
the Chinamen, after taking the bath and
coming from it covered with perspiration,
go out on the porch and sit in the cool
wind without a shirt or a coat on. The
result is that they will surely catch cold.
While a cold will not be any hindrance to
the effect of the medicine, it is likely to
have tbe effect of making the Chinese slop
tue medicine, as be will think it gave him
a cold.
Without exception all the lepers have
shown an entire willingness to take tbe
treatment, and in most instances they are
ca;er to do it. So far it has had no unde
sirable effect on them. A few felt a little
nausea from the pills yesterday, but this
will make no difference except possibly
with some of the Chinese. Pedro Penada,
the Mexican, takes the baths with profes
sional correctness. He envelopes himself
in a heavy overcoat, keeps it buttoned up
to his chin and takes things easy till he
cools off.
Superintendent Keating said yesterday
that the course of treatment is running
along smoothly. When asked why he did
not make the Chinamen observe proper
rules after coming out of the bath he said:
"We cannot force them into their shirts
and coats. If we did there would be a
row. Our plan is to give the treatment to
all who want it and hope to be benefited,
but we shall not force any one of them to
take it. They can laKe it or let it alone,
just as they choose."
The roast pij:, which did not arrive at
the Pestbouse in time'for dinner on the
Fourth, was served yesterday along with
other edibles that com Dosed a very good
dinner for the lepers. There are only
lepers in the Pesthouse. There has not
been a rase of smallpox there for five
years. By the bill of fare it will be seen
that the lepers fare well. There are many
others in the world who have not the mis
fortune to be lepers who probably did not
have the good fortune to sit down before
as good a dinner yesterday as
the lepers did, or as they eat every
day in the week. The Pesthouse
menu yesterday, eaten, as is the
common but erroneous supposition, with
a choking throat, a tearful eye and a feel
ing of hopelessness — for the lepers now
hope anew — was as follows:
HOTEL PESTHOOSB.
July 5, 1896.
MENT.
Roast Pig aud Apple Sauce.
Gravy and Dressing.
Green Peas.
Browned Potatoes.
Mince Pie. Beer.
Cafe >'oir,
or Coffee aud Cream.
This was a special dinner, but several of
the lepers had more than appears on the
bill of fare. There is not even a China
man in the institution so poor that he
cannot dig up enough money to buy some
thing when he wants that something
badly. So, in addition, some had Chi
nese deiicaoies on the side, and some
strawberries or raspberries and cream on
the side yesterday.
It was discovered the first time yester
day that the ler>er "Annie" has a husband.
This was not known to any of the China
men even. Annie wanted some money,
and she concluded to write to him for
some. That is the way the secret got out.
His name is Wah Wah Hun, and ne is a
conk in a mining camp near Salt Lake
City. Annie wrote the letter in Chinese
and lirected the envelope in Chinese, and
Superintendent Keating also put tne ad
dress in English on the envelope. There
is no leper in the Pestbouse— a Lazarus — to
beg crumbs from the table of Dives.
Pedro Penada, the Mexican, is compara
tively wealthy. He flashes one or two
twenty -'3 oliar gold pieces on the boys once
in a while, just to gladden their eyes.
Senor Penada came from Oregon, where
he worked in a salmon-canning factory
before he was discovered to have the lep
rcpy. It seems that he belonged to a
mutual benefit society up there, and he
receives a regular remittance every month.
Nobody knows how much it is, but it is
not less than $40. Tne county pays for all
he er.ts and wears. When Pedro wants
anything, why he just sends out and buys
it and tbe messenger don't haggle about
theprice.
When any one of several Chinamen
want money they write on a piece of paper
and tell Superintendent Keating where to
take it. He goes down on Dupont or Sac
ramento streets to a certain number and
brings back $5 or $10.
The Burnt boys, the two whites, raise
chickens and canary birds and sell them.
They now have a cage of fourteen young
canaries in their room. They had bad
luck ibis time, for most of them are fe
males, and female canaries do not sing.
Tney made a large cage out of an old puir
of woven wire springs and some uprights.
A peculiar f:ict came to light at the pest
house yesterday. It was that the veins of
one oi tbe Chinese lepers was tapped not
long .i:*o aid the blood from the arteries of
a living dog put in to replace it. The dog
is stiil there. He is a woolly, drowsy-
I'toking canine. He belonts 10 the Mexi
can, who has given him an almost unpro
nounceable pet name. The blood that
was taken from the Chinaman was trans
ferred into the veins of the brute.
Strange to relate the Chinaman got bet
ter and the dog declined. The experi
ment was repeated several times and the
health of tie" Chinaman improved. But
he finally stopped taking the dog treat
ment and before iong was back at that
stage of leprosy he was at when he hrst
absorbed the canine blood.
It was also a striking fact that the dog
did n<>t take the leprosy and that it is im
possible to inoculate aim with it. A Dr.
Fitcli then took some virus from one of
the worst cases of leprosy in the pest
home and tried to inoculate the dog. It
hard.'y phased him. Senor Fenala has
his b.-loved companion to-day, snd his
flesh is plump and iiis eye is bright.
Frank Bimit, who has been in the pest
hoiiFe ten years and is now act In c as nurs*
for the other lepers, had a pnrt in these
experiments. He said yesterday after
noon that, considering the effect of the
dog's blood on the Ch'namau, he thought
impossible to cure leprosy with it if the
dog could be inoculated with the disease.
It was this idea that led Dr. Fitch to try
inoculation. So far it is a failure, and the
Dr. Goto internal remedies and baths have
replaced it.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
Several Exciting and Closely Contested
- Games Played Yesterday.
-Handball sports witnessed several un
usually exciting games in the courts yes
terday, which were crowded. At the San
Francisco court J. Lawless and P. Hutch
inson. defeated G. Hutchinson and P.
Kelly in one of the cleverest games seen
in the court. The final was won by Law
less and P. Hutchinson by only one ace.
The event of the day was a match in which
J. Harlow, the ex-champion, played
against D. Johnson and J. Collins and de
feated them by two games to one.
The new lessees of the Union court,
Terry McManus and W. Doran, are gath
ering a large number of youn^ players to
the court, and yesterday it was crowded.
Both arc young men and keen players
themselves, and they, are determined to
make the court under their management
as attractive as possible.
Many of the players yesterday were
young men and several showed that they
were clever tossers. The event of the day
was a came between J. J. Feeney and
Terry McManus and James Nelson and J.
Ro^er. The two latter won the first two
games and it looked as if they would have
a walkover, but Feeney and McManus
pulled themselves together and won the
next three after some speedy play.
The talk among handball players is the
coming match between J. Harlow, the ex
coast champion, and Dick Lenihan, the
overhand wiper, for $50 a side, to be played
next Sunday at the San Francisco court.
Lenihan is a comparatively new player,
but for the past year he has come into
prominence and many old players look
upon him as the coming champion. He
defeated P. T. Donnelly, the amateur
champion, last week, and his friends think
that Harlow will meet the same fate. It
will be a game well worth seeing.
Following were the games played in the
courts yesterday:
San Francisco court — G. McDonald and M.
McNeil defeated P. Ryan and D. Rogers.
21—16, 13—21, 21—20. R. Murphy and D.
Ryan defeated M. Edwards and W. Stansbury,
21—14, 12-21, 21—17. D. Johnson and J.
Collins defeated Al Toblu and D. Connolly,
21—15, 17—21, 21—19. R. Shields and
R. Shea defeated C. Ward and T.
Sullivan. 21 — 14, 15 — 21, 21 — 18.
J. Lawless and P. Hutchinson defeated G.
Hutchinson and P. Kelly, 21—16, 18—21,
21—20. M. McGuire ami G. McGuire defeated
J. Hussey and Joe Co»don, 21—15, 17—21,
21—19. P. O'Brien and T. Crane defeated R.
Burns and M. Rudolph, 21—16, 18—21, 21—20.
J. Harlow defeated D. Johnson and J. Collins,
21—16, 19—21. 21—14.
Union court— George McGuire and J. Kelly
deieated D. Regan and F. J. McShane, 21—17.
21—19. R. Patterson and W. P. Doran defeated
P. Sullivan andß. Brodie, 21N13, 21—19. Wil
liam McManus and William Bowan defeated J.
Freeman and J. Kennedy, 21—10, 17—21,
21—20. James O'Donnell and Tim Jordan
defeated William Kehoe and J. McGrath,
21—13, 18— 21— 16. H. Batzner and H. M.
Kenney defeated Ed Nannary and J. Howard,
21—19, 18—21,21—16. Tim Regan and Pat
Sheedy defeated James Wren and Pat Madden,
21-15, 13—21,21—19. W. Stransbury and J.
Kelly defeated the Hogan Brothers, 22.-16,
21—19. 21— 17. 21-13. J.J. Feeney and Jerry
i McManus defeated James Nelson and J. Roger,
16-21, 19—21, 21—19, 21—11,, 21—18.
CRICKETERS AT SAN JOSE
The Pacific Club Eleven Meets
the Garden City Com
bination.
The Contest Re nlted in an Easy
V.ctory for the San Fran
cisco Men.
Excepting the presence of a few enthu
siasts on practice bent, the two local
cricket grounds were deserted yesterday,
no cup match being on.
General interest was directed to San
Jose, where the Pacific team had gone to
meet the representative eleven of that fair
city. The match resulted in a compara
tively easy victory for! the visiting team by
121 runs on the first innings.
Acting Captain Charles B. Hill of the
Pacifies won tbe toss and sent his oppo
nents to bat. Their chief, W. S. Mayo, go
ing in first with Bowley, put up 22 runs in
excellent form and was tnen caught by
Casidy in the slips. His partner and Day
were the other principal contributors to
the total of 67 compiled by the team. Cap
tain Hill's 2 wickets for 3 and Harbour's
3 wickets for 3 wore the principal achieve
ments of the out team.
After being entertained with an elabor
ate lunch by their hospitable opponents
the Pacifies started their innings.
As will be seen by consulting the scores,
some valuable inning* were played. No
less than eight men reached double
figures, Wiseman, Dickinson, G. Theo
bald and his brother. A. P. Theobald,
doing the heaviest work. Had it not been
for the regrettable absence of Savior
Much, who, under the impression that tbe
match was to be played at Monterey, had
proceeded to that resort, the score. 188,
would doubtless have been greatly in
creasjd.
The analysis shows that B. Bowley se
cured most." of tbe Pacific wickets. Follow
ing are tbe full scores:
SAN JOSK CRICKET CLUE.
W. S. Mayoc. CaslJy b. Hill 22
B. Borskey c. J. Theobald b. Casidy 9
F. Knowks b. Dickinson. l
R. Falcon r. Wiseman h. Casidy g
W. A insworth b. Casidy 4
L. Hellsby ruu out. 0
K. 11. Day 1. h. W. t>. Harbour 10
A. N. Other b. Hill \
E. T. Woodland c. Hill b. Harbour 2
G. firahaiue b. Hnrboui 6
P. J. Parker not out 4
Byes 5
Total. ~67
BOWLISn ANALYSIS.
Bulls. Runs. .Maidens. Wickets.
Dickinson 78 U 4 1
Casidy 66 35 0 8
Hill 30 3 2 2
Harbour 19 3 1 3
PACIFIC CRICKKT CLUB.
G. Theobald 1. b w. b. Bowley 25
.1. H. Harbour b. W. Mayo... ) v
J. J. Theobald c. a d b. iiowley 13
A. Dickinson b. Falcon 32
G. Wiseman c. and b. Bowley 43
C. B. lllil b. Bowley jo
H. C. Casidy J. b. w. h. Bowley 3
A. P. Theobald not out 25
E. F. Musson not out 17
(). Miller b. Eowlev 1
S. V Hinton did not bat n
1 Wides. a
Byes 4
Total (eight wickets) 188
BOWLISTO ANALYSIS.
Ball*. Rims. Ma dens. Wickets.
Bowley 158 70 3 6
Hellsby J4 9 1 0
! \V. Mayo 53 28 0 1
I Parker 48 19 0 2
Falcon 7 2 57 1 1
— •—«• — «. — «.
Metropolitan Humor.
Chicago man— Any one ought to feel
proud if be can say. "I came from Chi
cago."
New, man — Yes; I was there once,
and you don't know how glad I was wnen
I got away.— New York Commercial Ad
vertiser.
» »
A Candid Walter.
Customer— Waiter, what is there for
dinner to-day?
Waiter (under notice to leave)— Oh, the
same as usual. Tough steaks, leathery
fowls, sinewy beef and flavorless mutton.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franclsoo Cam*.
tlO Market street, open until 12 o clock ertn
al«nt in the rear.
BRANCH OFFICKS-830 Montgomery stmet
torner Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street, open nntll 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner sixteenth and Mission ■trann
«ntU 9 o'clock.
SSIB StlMlon street, open until » o'clock.
U# Nistb street, open until 9:80 o'clock,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 6, 1896.
FOR THE GOOD
OF THE PUBLIC,
Opening of a New Branch
Library on Harrison
Street.
THE PEOPLE'S DEMAND.
It Is Conveniently Located at
Harrison and Ritch
Streets.
TO AID THE POORER CLASSES.
A Popular System to Help the Com
mon Schools and Educate
the Pubiic.
In response to a general demand of tbe
people of that district the board of
trustees of the Free Public Library has es
tablished a branch (No. 5) at 720 Harrison
street, with Miss N. A. Casey as librarian.
it is the policy of the trustees to supply
literary food to the people who need it
most and who reside in the most thickly
populated neighborhoods. It was calcu
lated that the establishment of a branch
library at the corner of Third and Howard
streets would minister to the intellectual
cravings of 50,000 persons residing within
a radius of half a mile. This location be
ing found to be impracticable a commodi
ous room on the ground floor, 30 by 50 feet,
in the two-story frame building at the cor
ner of Harrison and Ritch streets was se
lected in its stead.
A leading feature in the policy of the
trustees is to extend every possible ac
commodation to tbe poorer classes.
Wealthy persons can afford to ]oin a sub
scription library and it doesn't make any
material difference to tbem how far they
reside from the library, but with those
who live south of Market street and in tbe
outlying suburbs distant from the City
Hall the case is different. This is true
especially of the poorer classes, to whom
car fare is an item and who have not any
more leisure time than they need.
The free Public Library also aims to co
operate with the educational system of the
public schools by supplying monthly
classified topical reference lists, maps, gaz
etteers, etc, to the pupils of the primary,
grammar and high schools. To this end
branches are located as near as possible to
the public scho»ls.
Within two months an elevator will be
in operation at the main library in the
City Hall. The patronaje then, it is an
ticipated, will be greatly increased, and
the trustees have petitioned th<» Board of
Supervisors for an appropriation cf $55.000,
an increase of $3000 over that of last year.
The main library was closed on* tne
Fourth for repairs and will not be open
until next Wednesday.
In Germany water pipes are boinp made
of glass, with asphalt covering to urevent
fracture, it is claimed that they give
thorough protection against moisture in
the ground, against the action of acids
and alkalies and that they cannot be pene
trated by pases.
NOTICE tUf MJCKTUrUB.
ff^* GOLDEN GATE COMMA Nd'eRY_SvI
***" Na 16, Knights Templar, Golden j£(f*
Gate building, 625 Sutter st.— Stated assem- IPS
bly THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock. All WH7
fraters are cordially invited. ▼
CHAHI.ES H. MURPHY, Commander.
William T. Fonda, Recorder.
»^3=> HERMAN LODGE .NO. 127, F. •
*»-■«*' and A. M.— Seated meeting THIS i»
DAY (MONDAY). July 6, lt>9B, at BY* V
O'clock p. m. By order of the W. M. rSjr\
V ' ■''.' ■' • L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary
K§> SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER •
*-*' ' No. 1, Royal Arch Masons, meets L\
THIS EVENING tor business. IS 2T
■* ■-■ ■:>" .-- H. G. PRINCK, Secretary. /^y\
WP£* OCCIDENTAL LOD'.iE No. 22. "m
Br-**" F. and A. M. — State i meeting /*
THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at 7:30"« r V
o-clock. Third degree. By order of W.M. /^\
EDW. F. DELOER, Secretary.
KS*AS.\UAL MEETING IMPROV- «r^^
oS ed Order of lted Men's Hail Ahso-"A
elation of san Francisco.— The annual V^y^
meeting of the stockholders of the Improved order
of Red Men's Hall Association of San Francisco
will o» held on MONDAY EVENING, July 13
1896, at 8 o'clock, at the office of the association!
890 Post st., for the election of a board of trustees
or directors and such other business as may prop-
erly come before the meeting. *■>-.-...
BENJAMIN F. JOSSELYN, President.
William J. Smith. Secretary.
R^gr* ANNUAL MEKTING-THEREGULAIi
'»- 0 ' annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Han Francisco and -an Joaquln Valley Hallway
Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 321 Maikei st., San Francisco, Cal., on
IUtSDAY, the 21st day of July, 1b96, at the
hour of V p. m., for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may come
before the meeting.
l_ ALEXANDER MACK lE, Secretary.
Jtr^S 3 THE ANNUAL MEETING OF T J i
««*-*' stockholders of tbo Edison Light and Power
Company, for ihe election of directors for the en-
suinir year and for th«- transaction of such other
business as may be brought before the meeting,
will beheld a- the company's oflU-e, 229 Steven-
son St., San Francisco, WEDNESDAY, the 15th
a »y°f July. 1886, at 10 a. m. Transfer books
will close July 3. at SP. m. Proxies must be filed
with the secretary before the hour of meeting.
■I. E. GREEN, secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
JfcsS=* COLUMBUS SAVINGS AND LOAN
w~-sr ciety, 614 Washlnetomtreet. The directors
havededared the following semi-annual dividends;
4.32 ncr cent per annum on term and 3.60 per cent
rer annum on ord nary deposl:s, payable on and
after July 1. 1896, F. N. BELGRANO, Secretary.
S£-^S= OFFICE OF THE HIBERNI.V SAV-
f*sr Ings and Loan society, cor. Market, McAl-
lister and Jones its., San Francisco, June 29
1886— At a regular meeting of the boird of direc-
tors of this society. held this day, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and three-
quarters (38,4) percent per annum all deposits
for the six months ending June SO. 1896, free
from all taxes and payable on and after July l
1896. ROBERT J. TOBIN. Sec '
ESS* DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAVING:* AND
«^~*^ Loan Society, 101 Montgomery «t.. corner
gutter, Fur the half-year ending June 30, 1896. a
dividend has been declared at th«« rate of rour nnd
thirty-two one hui.dredths (4.32) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and sixty one-
hundredths (3.60) per cent per annum on ordinary
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Wednesday, July 1.1836. Dividends not called
for are added to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal, from and after July 1, 1896.
- • CYKUs W. CARMAN V. Cashier.
1~
. SPtiCUL NOTICES: ~
I^^^JHfT^E^RKTAK\ T^'oF r^THK
**•** • Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum So-
ciety hereby gives n tlco that the following or-
phan and halt-orphan girls and boys have been
admitted to this institution from January 1, 1896
to July 1, 1896: Annie B. Newton, 4 yrs.: Mary
E. Kelly, 12 yrs.: Maud A. worth, 12 vrs. •
Km -ma G. Maas, B yrs.; Eveline Grlswold, Syrs.; !
Lovlna M. Korli. 11-yrs.; Lillie M. Robblns, 11
yrs.: Eva L. Rohblns. 9% yrs.:-Allce M. Robblns.
8 yrs.: Mary Goetz, 9yrs.; Mary J. Peternon, 10
yrs.; Bes:lle M. Peterson, 3 yrs: Marion Fi z?er-
ald, 11 yr-.; Sidney L. Newton, 7 yrs ; Will in" A.
Scott, 10 yrs.; Harry. Clements, 121/, yrs. ; Clyde
Clements, 11 yrs. : Kdwia Clements. 9yrs.; Charles .
E. Kprb, lOyrs.: George A. Korb, 8 yrs.; William'
I; orb 7 yrs -; Hhill » ) Mahiias, iOyrs.; M«,il
Mahhas, 8 yrs. ; John L. McGuwan, 6 yrs : Vl'.roy
H. Maas. 8 yrs. ; William H. Maas. 8 yrs.: Bob-rt
P. Golden, 6 yrs.: Kdwin W. Korb, 6 yrs.: Frank-
l /- - l i or ?' 6 yn ■'■ John H - Korb « 13 Trs -: Pamuel
D. Korb. 2 yrs.: Walter J. Murdock, 8 yrs.; George
C. Robblns. B yrs.: Richard H.JtrJeu«, 9■, r,. ;
William L. Jirlens, 7 yrs.; George Jlrjens, 5 yrs. ;
Edward Goetz. 8 yrs.: Walter Goetz. 4 yrs.; James
i"t. et *"^ ol ts yrs - : Roy Sobey. 4. yrs.: Gerald j
Fitzgerald, 9 yr-.. and George Long, 9 yrs.
E^3s» .NOTICE IS UEHEBYGIVKN THAT
»- Br the Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsom st.,
"■an Francisco, Cal., has admitted the following
orphan, half-orphan and abandoned girls from
April ' 1 to July 1. 1896: Mary MarsarevLrons,
aged 6 years: Fanny Meyer, Rjjed 8 years: Maud
m aria York, aged 7 years; Hattie Kline, aged 12
years: Je.vite Taylor, aged J 6 years: . Florence
Josephs, at,-ed - 6 yiiurs; Beulah Josephs,' aged 4
years: . Alice C. Lauiau, aged 'i years; Olga Maria
Lundbfcrg, aged 3 years.
SPECIAL NOTICES-Contlnncd.
Et^» ALL PERSONS HAVING SERVED AS
i"^^ jurors iii criminal cases will find it to their
interest to call at room 18, 230 Montgomery sU
J. P. DIME HON.
GKjS» BAD TENANTS EJECTED lok *4;
ry~- collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy st., room 6. Tel. 6580.
B^S* DRS. HOLSMAN AND LINQUIST— RE-
~^^ moved to 1 370 Market *'• : poor : rea:ei! free.
SITUATIONS VVANTEX»-FEMA_K.
CR. HANSEN A CO., 110 GEARY ST?.
• furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, phone or mail us your oruers: crompt at-
temion guaranteed; telephone Oraut 185. - '
A FIRST - CLaSS SWEDISH COOK AND
-ex laundress desires situation: best references;
city or country. MISSCULLEN, 323 Sotter..
SITUATION. WA.NTKD BY A PK.RSON NOT
long from the East to do housework in a small
family, or would assist with any kind of work;
good cook; please state wages. M. A., box 144. Call.
i *I>Y. SEVKKAL MONTH- IN CITY. DX-
*-* sires an opportunity to teach children German
laugiiiiee: wag. s 916 month; best references.
468Vi> Jessie st.
\J IDDLE-AGED LaDY WOULD LIKE A PO-
-'i sition as housekeeper for a widower: good
home desired more than wa<es: city or country.
Address 0. H., box 118, Call Office. '
t>E LIABLE WOMAN WANTS A SITUATION
11 toco leneralhousewor^, city or country ; Is a
good cook; wngesSlu, 921Wasliincton,nr. Powell.
V\ OMAN WANTS TO WOkK BY THE DAY;
'» washing, ironing, general housework. 360
Minna su
G~|.ERMAN GIRL, GOOD. COOK, WISHES A
VJ place In private family: city references. 617
Sacramento st. :
yoUNG GERMAN GIRL, 16 YEARS OLD,
X would like a position to assist with light house-
work ; no postals. 1623 Powell st., rear, top floor.
■pvBESSMAKER WIBHES WORK BY THE
XJ day in families: term* 91 25 per day In dull
season. Address Dressmaker, 917 Pacific st.
FINN GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
general housework and cooking. 14% Ritch
su, off Folsom,
i RESSMAKER, FIRST-CLASS CUTTER AND
i ■ fitter, $1 25 per day. 5 Ewing place, off La-
gnna, be:, butter and Post.
f° HOUSEWIVES- COLUMBIA EMPLOY-
x .i i Agency, 128 Fourth St., furnishes very
best help at short notice. Tel, black 363.
SW D I WIDOW WITH FOUR CHILDREN
O. would like to do plain washing and mending.
Apply 524 Stevenson st.
IIIRST-CI.A!?S DRESSMAKER WANTS FEW
X more engagements; fl a day or at home: waists
and children's clothes.* specialty. 228 Seventh st.
GERMAN GIKL WANTS SITUATION AS
VJ housekeeper: good, plain cook an.l fond of
children. Address W. R., box 27. Call Office.
TjUUST-CLA:SS DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE
x work by ihe day or work home; lit guaranteed •
reasonable. 219 Golden Gate aye.
OP A N WIDOW WOULD LIKE SITUA-
kJ tion as housekeeper or any other light employ-
menu Apply 105 Larkln sU. room 3.
C O^ PE £ft :fT YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
\J with child wishes housekeeper's position, chany
berwork or sewlne i oity or country. Call or ad-
dress 917 Market St., room 19.
CHRISTIAN~UNION~OF CALIFOR^
X nla. 1520 Clay st.; reliable families can en-
gage now; first, a healthy, respectable young wet-
nurse; second, a fine seamstress and maid: third,
a competent Frencn cook. Apply at once at above
address.
VV L NC . ME: ME HOU 4* THIRD ST., NB,
.1 « r US l: °° room 8: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable:
tree bus ana hnggage to mid from the fern-.
J^JjIJJAjriONS WANTXCD-MAI.IS.
CR. H ANsi3T&£o".ril^GEAKY^T^rFUß^
• nish haymakers, threshing crews, harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men. min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock
men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mall us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
HUNTER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb su, below Kear-
ny. bet. California and Sacramento, teL 231.
C'IniNESE AND JAPANESE RKLIABLK
/help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY ACO., 640 Clay.
C.U. COOK'S HOC. J>Ul\f LIES COOKS: ALL
.branches :sliort notice. 14«ieary. tel.Grant-13.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; beat help. 3148 Sutter: tel Grant 80. :
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
v^ : office; best help. 41:V 2 O'Farrell: tel. K. 426.
STEADY, INDUSTRIOUS YOUNG MAN DE-
O sires .situation In store or office; thorough
knowledge of bookkeeping; first-class references.
Address G. P., box 144, this office.
\'OUNO GERMAN. 19 YEA US, WISHES A
X situation in butch, r-shop, grocery or delicacies
store; ha* had experience in all. Address Y. D..
I box 97. Call.
j POSITION WAXTBD-A STRONG YOUNG
X man wants position in a baker shop: has some
experience. Address S. 8.. box 115, Call.
POSITION WANT..D AS SECOND BAKKRT
X Address B. 8., box 152,- Call.
N INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH FlRST-
class Easier n and San Francisco references
from last employer wants situation as gardener or
coachman. Address O. C. box 114. Call « <fflce.
■yOUNG MAN. (22) DKBIKEB POSITION IN
X private family to care for horses; can milk and
understands plain gardening; can furnish refer-
ence if reqnlred. X., box 165. Call Office.
YOUNG GERMAN, GOOD CAKPKNTKR,
X cabinet-maker and general mechanic with
tools wains situation of any kind. , Address 716
Clementina st.
■yoUNG' SWEDISH MAN WANTS 8 ITU A -
X tion: city or country: good driver; ■ under-
stands care of liortiM and garden ; also- good
milker; references. Address M. L., box 166, Call.
■yOUNIiMAN.GEKMAN DESCENT, Whll -.s
X position as bartender: 27 years of age: good
mixer: good reference; $C 0 a month and board;
city or country. Address E. G.. box 54, this ago*.
\V ANTED— SITUATION AS ADVERTISING
'» agent toadver.ise a large firm in Oregon and
Washington. Address D., box 66, this office.
STRONG YOUNG GERMAN DESIRES SlTU-
atlon of any kind. 656 Natoma st.
CTKaDY YOUNG MAN WISHES SITUA-
-0 tion, city or country : goo.l driver, understands
horses; wages low. R. S., box 102. Call Office.
' ANTED— BY . 2 WELL-MANNERED AND
'» well-educated young Hollanders, positions as
butler and roachman: they prefer to reniain to-
gether. Address W. R., box 64, Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED MAN, WTD-
ower, wishes place in private family under-
stands care of horses; good driver: useful about
house; carpenter by trade; comfortable home
mated more than wages. C. U.C., 415 San Pablo
aye., Oakland.
youna married MAN WISHES a posi-
X tion as Janitor or watchman; handy with tools.
Hefer to 430 Jessie sU \ ■
INCHEST lilt HOUS>K, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»• Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms: 25c to 91 50 per night; 91 50 to 96 per
week: free bus an.! baggage to and from the ferry.
INCH ES T HOUSE," 44 THIRD. NEAR
" Market— Electric' lights In every . room : 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per nigh.: $1 50 to $6 per
week; tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
■ bis services In the expertlng of books, opening
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Addresi i l . C,
box 137, Calluilice. •
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — TIUJ
-■V »v EEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
I i...i.VL,K lit I,l' WANTED.
IVANTKD - PROTESTANT LAUNDRESS,
'» private family. 925; <J washer, $J0; pantry
girl, $7 in- k: Iroiier in laundry: 2 cooks, restaur-
ant and hotel, $25; wal res,. *18. and girls for
cooking mid housework ln cllv and country. J.
F. CROBBTT & CO.. 312 suiters. .
\\r ANTi-.D— A GERMAN C>'i»K, ALSO a gsr-
' » wan secon.l girl, same house, $30 and $-J5; a
general housework girl, couniry, 835; a second
Bin. Menlo Park, 9-5: laun.lress, san Mateo. $25:
I 25 good housework girls for city and country 9.'5
and teft. Apply MISS PLUNKETT. 424 .sutter.
1 (ft», MO; COOK. $80; SECOND U IKL,
XJ $25; nurse, 920: 16 housework girls, city and
country 920 and 9-.'6; . 6 young girls, assist, $10 to
$15. MI>;S CLLLEN. 32*3 SutU-rst.
VI AITRJiSS; $2.!: CHAMBERMAID AND
1 waitress $20, country hotel. MISSCULLEN,
328 Butter st. . .-.
Rl PI N X D YOUNG (51 XL FOR LIGHT
housework; 915. MISSCULLEN, 323Sutter.
"I (\ WAITRESSES: STEADY: COUNTRY
XU ho els, resorts and springs; 920. MURRAY
MURRAY. 634 Clay s .
0 RANCH COOKS, $20 AND $25; HOUsE-
I *> keeper, $15: restaurant cook, $30 and room;
i 25 women ami girU can find places. MURRAY.
& Ready; 634 Clay st.
"1 I) WAITRESSES, DIFFERENT COUNTRY
X\J hols un 1 ■ resorts, $20; 3 chambermaids,
country hote .•<, $20: 8 girls for housework, city
and country, $20 and $25: second girl, 915. C. R.
_ 'KN CO., 110 Qeary st. -
O SWEDISH HOI'S KG i MIiS, $25; 4 HOUSE-
-« girls, $-20: cook, $S0: nurs-. $23: second girl,
$20; 2 girls, couniry, $20. Apply 316 Sutler st. ■
\\rANTKD— OOKs. CHAMBERMAIDS AND
" gins for housework.-, MKS.HIRU, 721 Ellis.
A N KXPKKIISNCKD- s A LEW LA D V 'IS
-£»• wanted::, must have one at once: also 'lady
canvassers; good opportunity; ladies holding cer-
tificates In U. 8. industrial Agency eligible. Room
165. Crocker building.
HOUSEKEEPER WANTED. *H'JRT DlS-
tance in the country, to keep -house for one
man; widow not over ! 35 preferred. Call 1 Fifth
St., room 1, from 11 to 1 to-day. , "
\V~ ANTED— IN OAKLAND. YOUNG GIRL.
»' ' German preferred, assist upstairs work; ' core
1 2 grown children. Apply 11 to 3 o'crock, 1.01
• Gough st. .
■YOL'X'J GIKL AS CASHIER, WHO UNDER-
■ x stands telegraphy; apply at once. :H. SUM-
"I KFIKLD A CO.. 924 Market st.
/I IRL FOX GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND
VJ plain : cooking. : : Call : this morning, at 2005
Pine near Laguua. j.-
.Wanted— young girl for - general
: IT housework and washing: $12. 41 Eleventh.
T\ ILu It Ess ON FINE-COATS; NO OTHER
X need apply. ; 715 Bush st.; rear. , . ;
HELP^'WAJfTEP-Contlnued. * r.
7 ' li> 1 7T4 to 16. a ssi st" v? ith^chTld iriTn
vJ and housework: : sleep home. 1430 Leaven-
worth st. " : ' - - -» : ■
iy ANTED — FIRST-CLASS TAILOR ESSES;
'* also apprentices on custom coats. -14 McAl-
lister St., room 19. : ■ •"• : -
G~IRL TO -ASSIST- IN LIGHT HOUSEWORK
VJ" and cooking. 1217 Webster si. ■ -- •"'■>■.
YOUNG GIRL ABOUT 16 TO TAKE CARE
■I of children. 1308 a Leavenworth st. <_
ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH
'» baby; sleep home. '■ 928 Eddy st. ■
IRL ACCUSTOMED TO CHILDREN: REF-
erences. 1904 Baker st. after 11 a. — .
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE AND LAUN-
dry work: wages, $15. 2824 Howard st.
GIRL FOB HOUSEWORK A.\D CARE OF
culluren; sleep home. 408 Eleventh st.
Girl OR MIDDLE-AGED woman FORGEN-
eral housework. 716 'Green st.. near Powell.
rpAILORESS— mint m vkk BUTTON holes
X and work on pants. 131 Seventh st. ; .- ■ ■ :
LTTOUNG GERMAN GIRL kor housework
X in German family. 1803 Devisadero, cor. Bush.
GIRL ABOUT 16 TO CARE FOX CHILDREN
and assist. 1 14 Powell su
C~OMPK TK.NT GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work; assist with child. 2215 Bush st.
V PNG GIRL TO ASSIS'- LIGHT HOUSE-
X.work; small family. 1634 Ellis st. • .
\fEAT GIRL TO DO* COOKING AND HOUSE-
■»-TI work. 1602 O'Farrell si .
GENr.RAL HOUSE WORKER, COUNTRY,
r $20: 3 girls, light housework, city; and
others. Employment office. 128 Fourth st.
ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
'» school; class now forming for fall work; prac-
tical; reasonable. 410 Leavenworth st.
Vy ANTED— AN AGREEABLE, INTELLI-
.»» gent woman of mature ago to oversee work-
ers in wholesale house. Address A. A., box 1 1 2,Ca11.
iRST-CLASs aKIRTMAKERS; NONE OTH-
X? ers need apply. BOWH AY, 504 Sotter sU
AiKL-KEsvslNG. 25c AND «sc: MORNING
and eve c! asses: lOlessor.s.9l 50. 1248 Mission.
ERFECT FITTING AND. STYLISH DRESS-
making taught, $5 per month; pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers: waist, jack-
et and skirt patterns cut to order,' 25c up. - Mo
DO WELL Academy,636 M arket.opp.Palace Hotel.
T ADIES— FREE! FREE! LESSONS EVERY
-L< Toes., 2to 3: dresscutting. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
HAIR-DUESSING; MANICURING LESSONS.
Miss DOYLE. 119 a Powell st. and 105 Ninth.
C MOAT-FINISH ERS WANTED. 641 MARKET
/ street.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;'
ox. Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6
perv.-e-U-: top 'has ami naggaee : >;\n-\ from ferr^-.
MALE HKLP AN TIED. ~~
WANTED^ !Tg"oOD MINeISs7»2 ~So"X~DAy7
• » shingle-packer, s2o and found: laundryman,
$35 and found; 4 laborers for mine, $26 and found;
farmers for fruit ranch. $20 and found; 2 wood-
choppers. $1 50 a cord. 2 laundrymen for Institu-
tion, steady work; man to pickle olives, $30 and
found; farmer and wife, easy place: restaurant
cooks; waiters; cake bakers, 915 a week. Apply
to J. F. CROSKTT «fc CO . 628 Sacramento st.
i n bark-peelers to go to-day, 91 25 a
XU cord: 4 farmhands near city. $26; dairyman,
country, $35; blacksmith and shoe, country, $40
and found: machine miner, 93 a day: cook, hotel,
$30; 2 milkers, country. $25: choreboy, country.
912. R. T. WARD CO., 608 and 610 Cloy st. •
THIiU) COOK, 930; DISHWASHER~S2S:
both for hotel, Santa Cruz. C. R. HANSEN A
CO., 110 Geary su
SHORT-ORDER COOKS, COUNTRY LUNCH-
-0 counter, 914 and $9 a week ; cooks, city, $8,
$10 and 912 a week; coojes, small places, $30 and
T36. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
WAITER FOR LAKE TAHOE;SEE PARTY"
»' here 9 a. if. Monday; waiter, water resort-
German waiter country hotel. C. R. HANSEN A
CO., 110 Geary su
OOD-IURNER AND HKLP AROUND
country mill. C R. HANSEN A CO.. 110
Geary st. -
EAD WAITER, COUNTRY -HOTEL;
steady position the year round; 940. C. R.
HA.NSJ.X A CO., 110 Geary st.
"I A EXTRA HOTEL WAITERS, WITH
X\J dress suits, $2 a day, to call Monday 7 a. m.,
with grip ready to start: $2 a day and fare both
ways, c. R. HANSEN ■ A CO., 110 Geary st.
GANG OF E.AII.KOAD LABORERS 9175,
free re; farmer*, hay-makers, milkers, scrap-
er teamsters, laborers: goin^ wages. C. K. HAN-
SEN& CO., 110 Geary.
I On FARMERS. $26, $25 AND 920; 3 MILK-
I wU ers, 930 and $25: 2 butter-makers. $25;
I miner.9l2s. day, found; 3 laborer? for a mine,
i $--:0 and fare paid: 20 laborers and teamsters,
$1 76 day aud 926 per month, found, city and coun-
try; 20 wood-choppers for a mine, $1 cord; 20 tie-
makers, 8c and 10c each; blacksmith, $40, found: 5
fruit picker*, near city; 3 choremen, $20 and $18:
: foreman fora ranch; 20 railroad tennis. ere, 2
1 horses *1 60, 4 horses, $1 80 day; 20 men to irri-
gate and dig ditches. MURRAY & READY, Lead-
! Ing Employment Agents; 634 and 636 Clay st.
6 COOKS, *30. f4l>, 910 AND 960: 3 DlSH-
washers, 920 and $15: 5 waiters, $30 and $25-
-2 ranch cooks, $30 and $25. MURRAY <fe
j READY, Leading Employment Agents., 634 and
j 633 Clay st.
ANTED-A YOUNG ENGLISH SECOND
butler, $3U. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424
Sutter st.
"IRST-CLASS DRESS GOODS SALESMAN
wanted to-day also some experienced canvass-
ers; gentlemen holding certificates in U. S. Indus-
trial Agency are eligible. Room 165, Crocker
building.
JOURNEYMEN BAKBERS 1 UNION MEETS
! »i in room 9, 10- O'Farrell st, Tuesday evening:
, election of permanent officers; all journeymen in-
{ vited to attend.
yOUNG MAN|WHO HAS HAD SOME EX-
X perience in drugstore, able to speak either
Italian or Spanish. Address 5.. box 9. Call Office.
HEAD BUSHELMAN'- ONE WHO UNDER.
stands making alterations; references re-
i quired. 641 Market St.
LMRBT-CLASS FURNISHING GOODS SALES-
X man wanted at H. SUMMEKFIELD <fc CCS..
924 Market st.
\\r ANTED-DISHWASHEK. LUNCH PLACE,
" 7 Ninth st. •
STEADY BARBER" WANTED. 116 THIRD
street.
WAITER WANTED. 613 CLAY ST. ~
O i O D l^ STEADY WAITER; 95 PER WEEK."
VJT 17 Washington st.
TED-Di:UG CLERK; GERMAN PRE-
' ' f erred. NE. corner Eddy and Taylor sts.
I^IRST-CLASS TAILOR'S CUTTER; REFER- I
X ence required; highest salary. 541 Market st. I
DISH W A SHE «. PENNSYLVANIA HOt2lT
opp. Union Iron Works, Potrero.
COAL MINERS WANTED. APPLY AT 144
' Stenart St., beu Mission and Howard.
TRUNG YOUNG MAN FOR TENDING
0 horses and driving. 1614 Market su " .-}
Yw^ning^fThlrd^. 0 ™»*™^
i OO *> MAN: ST..ADY POSITION; O>Tk
I vj who can write a plain hand; sure for $75 per
, month: must have 9200 In cash. Rooms 1 and 2
j 917 Market st. '
tt'?^(> PAYING COX. SALOON; WANTS !
<jP-^ov. partner; no experience. 633 Howard.
pAINTEK AS PAHTN..K: SMALL CAPITAL
j x. required; good chance. Paint, box 162, CalL
SINGLE FURNISHED ROOMS. 26c NIGHT,
O 91 week. RosedaleHous-. 321 Ellis, nr. Taylor!
\y AN TED- FOR TIIE UNITED STATES
»» Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years-
not less thin 5 feet 5 Inches in height; of good ;
I character and temperate habits; able to read, 1
write and sneak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de- '
cl; r.Mi their intentions ;o beconu* citizens will be I
accepted; this important branch of the naval !
service offers special iuducements; giving on- I
portunities to visit all parts of tie world on board i
1 our new c ulsers. For further Information apply I
; at the Recrul.lng Office. 20 Ellis St., San Fran-
| Cisco, Cal.
j \.\'A.\TED— EXPERIENCED KUSTLKRI
 „ e< 2 a P 3 D B work. Address R. W., box
Call Office.
PARTNER WITH SMALL CAPITAL IN
X horseshoeing shop: good location. L., box 4.
Call Offlce. , . .
S.-KE.\iOVED FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
.Cay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, sc.
j VOUNIi MAN TO AC AS CASHIKK: REsT
X tanrant: $150 cash required; will pay 960 per
j month. GEO. STEWART, 60-' Market si.
fj RAND CLEARANCE SALE OF BOOTS AND
j VI shoes, bedrock prices; $6 shoes cut to $3, 95 to I
I $2 50, 94 to $1 50. 92 50 to 91 25; all oods sacri- i
i ficed next 16 days in order to enlarge store and
put in new stock. 638 Marke:, opp. Palace Uote .
l(t0 MEN iv TAivK LoiniiNl. AT 10c. 15c
2. V and 20c anight, Including cofteo and roiu,
: C 24 Washington su. near Kearny.
! \y INCiiESTEU HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.'.NEAR
»» - Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading
room : free bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
VI ANTED— -.AN IDE WHO CAN THINK OF
■ " some simple thin? to patent?.: Protect vonr
«. eM V they may brin S ? on wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDERBURN & «^o.. De P t. L, Patent Attor- !
neys, Washington, D. C. for their $1800 prize offer i
and Us: of 200 inventions wanted.
\\ r E , HAVE A LOT "OF DAMAGED SHOES
, •■»» selling at less than one-fourth their value; cast
[ off shoes bought or exchanged. .-. 56* Mission st. •
MEW WALDII, HOUSE, 785 MISSION, BET.
xi 3d and 4th— Single rnished rooms, night 15c to
60c; week $1 to $2 50: reading-room ; strictest atten-
lion .0 morning calls: clean; quiet; open all uuliu
rmtY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKbT ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room 26c a night; 91 a week.
"I ODGINUS, 5c TO 150 "PE KNIGHT; CLEAN.
XJ Continental House, 621 Pacifl , below Kearny.
A STUMA KB'OUA K AN'I EE U ; I>K. GOR-"
. A. din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay. '
KMT IN Cli'Y- -SING « JS ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. 91 25. SI 60 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and LHdesdorff sts.
HFS ARK BHOfc DOCTORS; WE • REPAIR "■
. »» your old shoes and make them as good as new
and with our new machines we can do your work
•t one- half the usual vAc *\ done while you '< wait,
Ib'JL Mission sU, between First and Second sts. ' "'
HELP TV ANTED- Continued.
T3 ARBERS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
L* retary Barbers' Assa. 102 Seventh. H. Bernard.
BAKBERS— FOX EMPLOYMENT CALL -SEC.
P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
XJ ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
I . AKBKRS' ASSOCIATION Or CAJ . KMPLOV-
I > menu fc-ec'.v. P. ivilamann. -:-9> :» O'Farrell.
FOR SALE-BAP. BE R-SHOP, 15C~DOING
good business. 131 O'Farrell st.
q-chaik BARBER-SHOP SALE; very
0 cheap. 227% Second st.
iJAKBERS— A GO D COUNTRY BARBER
1 » shop; 2 chairs; 2 baths: for sale; $300: good
investm-nt for barber with family. Forparticu-
lars inquire of DECKELMAN KROS, 106 Ellis si.
IiARBER-SIIOP, 9 CHAIKS, FOR SALE. 415
I> Hayes st. ; good location.
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR BKCOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission st, opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misnt and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
OOMS 16c TO 750 PER NIGHT: 50c TO s>l 60
It per week. Oriental, 225 Drummst.
\\T ANTED— BORERS AND MECHANICS
II to know that Ed Kolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 160
large rooms: 26c per nigh:: $1 to $3 per week.
IALI' SHOES MADE TO ORDER i'OU $2 50;
J half-solelng 25c up. 959 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
I IN DELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
I ' sts.; single tarnished rms 76c week, 15c night.
Echo huusc, ««aVj market ST.—
Rooms 20c, aSe. to 50c. night; $1 :o S3 week.
I V ANTED.TO COLLECT' WAGES DUE LABOR
'» ers&clerKs. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
ANTED MEN TO Li-;ARN BARBER
trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
ANTED— SINGLE BOOMS, isc A DAY; 91
»" v«ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, 91 60 a week;
icftdlng-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
\| EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
it 1 all grocers keep it. :
BEE BEER— SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
also a hot:! )«<r<T. sc. at 037 1 lav st.
AGENTS WANTED.
T7MPIRE LIFE.
PURE LIFE
—INSURANCE—
AT COST.—
AGENTS WANTED.
PORTER BUILDING,
SAN JOSE.
AGENTS ARK COINING MONEY WITH
A our new novelties: immense sales. Alumi-
num Novelty Co.. 110 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED AGENTS: NEW ARTICLE;
Xli introductions furnished. Agent, box 28. Call.
A GENTS — THE GREAT CAMPAIGN
X\ book of 896; outfits only 25c; one agent re-
ports 31 orders - first day. - highest discount. . The
WhittAlcer A Ray Company, 723 Market st.
_ ■■•: boarding wanted.
n^h^d^lady^desire? \ "comfortable
home with good family. Address X., box 64,
Office. - .■■■■■■ ■ .
WAN'rjb;D-aiis>ci:Lr.ANJ£ot"s.
S° ECOND - H >CnS KOD/LKS? CAMERAS'
lenses, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery
ELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
elrr to A. KLEIN. 109 Slxt'i st.: «end postal.
KDCCATIOSAL.
W"" ANTED —BY EXPERT ACCOUNTANT
»» several sets of books to write up evenings;
also, lessons in bookkeeping given; terms mod-
erate; best of references. Address L. C., oox 144,
Call ■ ffice. • .-
\\ USICIAN FROM LONDON GIVES LESSONS
iU In staging; 84 a month. 854 Mission sU
ELOCUTION. DIIAMA. DELS ARTJB, PHYSI-
caI culture, voice culture; appearances ar-
ranged. 299 Hyde st. ; call after Ip. m.
B OWEN'S ACADEMY. UNIVERSITY AYE.,
Berkeley: special classes for the universities.
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POSi ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
P ROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD^ TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
s>CHOOL;HEALD'SBrS.COLLf.GE;24
XI Post:commercial. shorthand, English : low rates
OOKKEh-PING BY TARR: ONLY ACCOUNT-
ant leaching; y% time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Markeu
A TTBRD BTIEH"I'SCO"I*LEGE, 723 MARKET
sU The very best individual instruction-
-20 trial lessons in Shorthand,. Bookkeeping, Pen-
manshlp. Typewriting, etc, $1; books free.
OOKKPNO, WUITXO. ARITHMTC. GRAMS
day ife nluht: nocla«ses: 95 month. 845 Mission
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VX lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
JOSEPH GREVEN. VOICE-IMI'ROVER. 83
Ninth st. ,
YKES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery su; individual instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc; life
scholarship $50; low rates per we and month.
UELAiaCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL Of ACTING—
X-> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0. block. 7th and MkU
CUOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL. MINING, MB-
-0 chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
itfrsav. pstah. t!4. VAN DKP. NA .KN. 72ailkt-
MUSICAL. INSTBUMKNTS.
I ADY IN NEED OF CASH WILL 6ACKI-
i flee her line Standard upright for $125: a rare
chance. Room 21, Flood building, Fourth and
Market StS.
\yKKAVI3A NUMBISR OF GOOD PIANOS
" and organs of makers with established reputa-
tions that we are closing out at greatly reduced
prices and upon exceptionally easy terms. These
instruments have been- called in from agents
throughout the coast, in whose hands they have
remained for some time without being sold. Call
early and secure b. bargain. SHERMAN, CLAY
A CO., cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., Stein way rep-
resentatives.
pLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\J small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed In New York; Jest the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
.'ay; violins, $1 85; mandolins, $3 35; guitars, $3;
itntoharps. $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc: new
pianos tor rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market st.. Spreckels building. ■
lANOS HALF PRICE. •
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE
to CLOSE estate of chas a EATON.
MUST SELI,.
New and secon'd-hitnd pianos at enormous reduc-
tion; exceptional opportunity to buy.
Call and •xaniine. 735 Market sU
S OUK NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
month it is not necessary to so elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices. SHERMAN,
CLAY A CO., Stelnway representatives.
$19k BARGAIN; FINK UPRIGHT
«ID lot). Scnmitz. 16 McAllister St., next Hl-
bernia Bank.
\\T ILLiAM G. BaDGER, SOLE AGENT FOR
. > > the celebrated Mallet <& Davis and Francis Ba-
con pianos, 406 Sacramento st.
T.MSHER UPRIGHT, 9125: MARSHALL &
X Wendell, $125: bargains a: $150 and »175.
THE ZKNO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market.
PI AN US— DO YOU WANT ONK? FINEST
X stock on the Pacific coasu THE F. W. SPEX-
CI:R CO.. 933 .Market st. .
BEFORKBU YINU:-KK HAINE BROS.'. BUSH
XJ <fe Liens and Knabe pianos: at wholesale
prices. a. L. Bancroft <fc CO.. 324 Post su
CUIJCKItaa.NU, KNABK STKCX.VOSK. STKR-
' 11ns pianos: see our n-vr risno .'or $187; piano*
lor rent. BgNJ. cl'l'.TA/ <£ MIX. 16 O'Farrell.
STEINWAY $175; STECK $150: KTEKL-
Ing $100; Ladd $60. • BKUENN'S. 228 Post.
YKON MAL7,y,- no« POST ST.— SOMMEH,
Newbr A Kvan*. J-.rlgpi and other pianos.
UI'ERIOR VIOLIN*. zither*, OLU&NEW
H. M I 1.1.K1'.. ma:,- r»Tairer. '-' l.an.aro olacw.
__.;_._ LOST.
T OST IN oakland— small dog: silver
X j tattler head: large brown eyes; tail curled over ;
back; 'yellowish body: Alameda tag 362; receive '
reward ' 1536 St. Charles st , Alameda.
LOST-EITHKR ON VAN NEsS AVK. OR
-i (iolde-i ('ate aye., dark overcoat; literal re- I
ward. Return SIV^ Ninth st.
LOST-BLACK PUP, WHITE ON CHEST
JU Return to 3581 Twentieth st. v 7*
"I - PUG DOG. RETURN TO 940 VA-
X-t loncia st.; liberal reward.
T OST^AT SCOTCH THISTLE PICNIC AT
XJ shell Mound Park, gold-rimmed spectacles
Return to 84t» Valencia reward. ** n;ctac ' s-
-1 , °. ST - A T CITY HALL SQUARE AND JlAR-
■teffw,rt. bM * ****""*• K«urntoDome
1 OST— SMALL GOLD. ENAMELED VIG\I
XJ ette attached to a small swivel. Leave at ciii
Office and receive liberal reward. " !nvo at <- a
V ° x TEKIUEK; TAG 1348: SPOT ON Rlrivrr
ear; riward._lsl4 Jones st. RIGHT
REYHOUND BrTCiTr^KTNDLE~ITFrr7
ij shon tall; in pup. Reward at 1019 m"^. 1 ?'
TOSI— PASSBOOK WITH HIBERNIA
finder wr.l pleaso fium t » hank 1 »"" - the
finder will please >etnin to bank d6 ' • rhe
FOUND,
BAGGAtiii TRANSFER
msiii iwn ii i 'in "■*
PEKSOSAM. __ _ _ ' ■_
ALLING Ha7rT~SCROf"uLA AND DlS-
eased scalps cured by Quinonia; . I ■ sell it; . best
hair-dressing . In . the city at my parlors for 25c;
switches equally good. . $1. . G. LEDERER, 111
Stockton St., store nearest Geary. ■
TRANCING— BALLROOM OR STAGE TAUGHT.
XJ. IRVINE'S, 927 Mission St., opp. U. S. Mint.
RAG CARPETS WOVE TobRDERTFOR"SALE;
J\' also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er in carpet twine in bank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland, Cal.
ADY,- STRANGER IN THE CITY, DESIRES
business partner: small capital. 122 Post St.,
r" nv'.V ■■
~ ..^. v.>. ..ilii.«.M<A, CHIROPODIST— THE
jM Berlin facial treatment given. 17 Grant aye.,
room 1, city.
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
A. daily ; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections wills, deeds, etc, at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE,atty-at-law. 860 Market st
SURE CURE FOR POISON OAK. RlNG-
worms and other skin troubles: eczema re-
lieved: improves complexion; "externally applied;
sent by mall for 25 cents. Address P. O. box
2053. San Francisco. Cal. ■
~UIGOUTDOOK STi-.RKOPTICON &HOW JWE-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of. bust-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market at.
A TTHE VERY. LOWEST EASY.TKRMS YOU
-TV can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress goods, cloaks, Jewelry, at M. ROTH*
CHILD'S. 213-215 Mason st. ; open evenings.
LEC I RIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Xli Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to «6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
"TTtatch AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
» • low prices; first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRITTaIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
EDERKR'S— THE PLACE TO GET THE
-i best hair-dressing in the city for 25c; first-class
switches $1; Lederer's "Quinonia," the most effect-
ive hair tonic ever made; beautifies, strengthens
and cleanses. 11l Stockton st-, nr. Geary.
MRS. DR. PORTER, CHIROPODIST AND FA-
clal artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purest toilet articles. 126 Kearny St., room 47.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Talorlng Company.l 117 Market st., bet 7th and Bth.
A P. SWAIN, ARTIST: CHINA TAPESTRY;
. oil lessons 50c. 14 McAllister St., room 14.
DR. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST: DIB-
-eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. A Kearny.
CLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
manufrs' cost. Factory, 20 Sansome, upstairs.
RAZOR EXCHANGE, 6SO MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents. ■
T IBKl'wAl. ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
XJ elry. etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
SKTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
• dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
OLD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADLES'
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — THI»
WEEK Y. CALL, in wrapper, for galling.
DKESSMAH.— :KS.
RESSE9 $2 UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
lawn $1 up. ' 506% vatoma St., above sixth.
CX.AIKV OX ANTS.
SUCCESS ABSOLUT ELY GuXrANTEeI^
Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M. L. CAR-
NELLE, the prince of clairvoyants, will give ad-
vice on business speculations, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorces; settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites ' the separated and causes a
happy marriage with the one of your choice; he
locates mines and bidden treasures, tells of your
friends and enemies, removes evil influences,
cures bad habits, gives advice on lawsuits and
everything relating to the future; thousands of
families long separated reunited by his efforts;
thousands of hearts made glad through his predic-
tions; send stamp for circular. . 220 Eddy sr.
Hours from 9 to 9 daily and Sundays.
pITAN A THE GYPSY. '■ ~"~"
VJT This remarkable woman has just arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
in unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: she reunites the separated
and causes speedy and happy marriage with the
one of your choice; hours, 9toBp. m. 8 Turk st.
It CHE- WERE BURNED, BUT MME.
Stewert still astonishes the city by producing
exact likeness of your future husband or wife; the
greatest trance clairvoyant and card-reader on the
coast: test her powers ere she sails for Europe: she
guarantees to bring back lost love; makes peace
and happiness in the home. R. 3 and 4, 917 Market.
ME. TRUK, CELEBRATED" GYPSY, UN-
precedented success In New York City, great-
est card reader on the coast, gives infallible love-
charms to all; hours 10 10 8. Rooms 44-45, 306
Stockton st. ; elevator. ;
MIC PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY
ant, card-reader, born with a douole vellanTl
second sight; ladles 50c gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
ME. LENEMAR— TOLD Bf
planets: predicted in 74 passengers of overdue
steamer on island. Km. 10, 11 Taylor, cor. Markt
A* ME. AItNDT, BJiSJ t'OiiTCNE TELLER IN
±)X the world: 50c and $1. shows you the plcturaot
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor. Market
ETl'KNlil), WOKLD-RKNOWNED MMX.
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
A RRIVED— MRS. HANSON READS HEAD"
J\. and palm, also cards and tells past, present
and future. 17 Fourth st., room 7.
ME. LEGEITE: PREBENT. PAST AND
future: 25c ail Tehama. upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present, future: 25c up. 704 Howard su
VI ME. DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT 25
■»X yrs. Kearny. now 929 Post; fee 91 letter 2.
MX. RAVENA HEADS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business advice: names given up. 5 Fourth.
ME. SYBILLE T KILLS FROM CRADLK TO
:h • crave: fc<» '/5 cents. 914 O'Farrelt ■•[.
- ' ■ SPIKIItALISM.
A VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN IS
MRS. DR. A. D." HOWE.
FEE $1 A UPWARD! FEE $1 * UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that life is yet worth living'
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this .coast in the ten years past, is
again at her old offices, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and Is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless • the
separated are united; the sick made strong ; the
poor become rich: if you think your husband, wife
or lover Is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power Is as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. She does
not know what failure inea.is! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to. and no
matter of how long standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment Dy mail Is always most suc-
cessful and satisfac ory. All letters answered.
■ Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FEK $1 & UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, «wi
1320 Market st.. odp. Seventh-
San Francisco.
RS. DR. W. MIRANDAS, ~" " "
The world-renowned spiritual medium it'll
continues to hold ■ the public's attention by her
wonderful work. Thousands have been united
married, ninde well and enjoyed riches by follow^
Ing her advice, "i our life described from cradle to
the grave. Her revealed mellcin a worx miracles
with the sick and affllc ed: letters with stamp
answered: diagnosis trom lock of hair: hours 10
to 8: closed Fridays sittings $1. 1208 Market at!
ATTEND 997 MARKET ~ST7~f<>NIGHT :
JX a pleasant time guaranteed ; social entertain-
ment, refreshments and dance; a surprise foValll
admission, 10 cents. ' '
XT EN R V CKIN D L E MATERIALIZING
ff "<Z''i*ny\ dayeVenln 50a 10 2 7 Market
lIKMKMBRR, DEDICATION of FRlEND-
inv.ted^e 11 l °- nlgllU 526 " 8 mc Am*™
A DDI SWAIN " .-. TALK, "THE'oSOPnY."
« ™'& t: yOa are lnvlua - *". 14 -McAllister
SL. f room in,
isiiuv GARItISON. 1370 MARKET ST."
■D Seances every night, :5c L except Tlmr*.'
VI RS. KATE HOSKINq, TRANCE AND BUS!-'
Mn. ss medium ■ sittings dally. l;-i 6 o r ,j £
ASTIiOLOtiY.
TUpKDICAL^ASTiSoXwiY^P^O^^
T^K^G^omTF^rTiS^~ v i : Hl:'~?n^^^
XJ Leek den: is . discover of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge" work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 M 20u"Farren8L
T^IRST-CI^ASS DENTISTRY:-. 'FIRST-CLASS*'
f Prices: . - Cl! . 18 ' results: painless extractioi
and painless implantation of teeth. W. c. HaS
Dl^C. CM.. M.D., SOU siif.er St. . corner' Powell.
( I K. DUCKETT. 17Ui> . l-« i' .W., A KAK BilT
*' chivnan: gas given : crown nnd bridge "work.
"TVU.L. T. . KAXZ- EXTRACTION PMNLm
$f\l A ~. KI >OK T|S *TH: wakua.ntkFaJ
centlav. 9JO Market st.. next iia.awia Theater
I) 1 *- HILL. 1443 MARKET ST "
*riiS li Jll ie IW for extracting whe»
leeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
t^esrV^^^vULXKY^^f^^ 0
P LI!:!Sa , «ACTION. 60c; CROWS
experience. R. L. WaLsH. D.D.S.. 8153^ Oeary.
t OLTOX DENTAL ASSOCIATION. BUd MAB7
V^ «et rt. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
T) : J ' J - LEEK, 1 206 MARKET, COB, GOLDEN
jL-Jiat" >ve -Open -evenings: sun.larj till nooa.
'•pEMINGTON. $3iT .SMITH. $60: SKND FOR
XV sam pie work. SCOTT & BANK AN,333MntgmjrBUSINESS CIIANCKS.
D\ 1 TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
or to pr cur a partner, no matter what kind j
It is if pa-ins reasonably and of legitimate kind? j
I am prepared to attend to tbe mutter for you at 1
once, as 1 have a creat many applicants who have ]
thf c»bh. bailEY, Business Agent, rooms 1 and 1
2, 917 Market st. .......
<_V7lin R »UTi; FOR SALE: FIRST-CLASS
'V IvUi horse and \v.ii;on; large cash. custom,
clearing over $120 per month; no night or Sunday
work: '.-.0 days' trial allowed before- buying; owner
will remain until you are posted. Apply BAILEY,
rooms 1 and 8, 917 Market st. . " .
Gil'ftfl GROCERY AND BAR; PROMINENT
•JpOUU. corner: okl established: doing good
business; rent $32 50 p*r montn; living-rooms:
sicklies* cause of selling: 1 full value. Apply
BAILEY, rooms 1 and .;. 917 Market st.
"5. O iTj (\ SALOON; MNE LO» AT lON ; LOW
«2^__l.Uv/. r<»:it: ffood business: full value: best
reasons for selling: Apply UAILi-.Y, rooms 1 and
_. 917 Market st. ■ ________
piGA R-STORE; Al LOCATION; POSITIVE >
VJ bargain: nicely fitted up: well stocked: sura
b-isiiK-ss. Address BAILEY, roonvs 1 and 2, 917
Market st ____1 :
•i IHO BRANCH BAKERY, CAN V AND
tir I UU. notion store: S rooms: furniture in-
cluded; must be sold. M. LB»d dl CO., 7_3Va
MarKet st. i- -.. ■•,:
O(\f\ SALOT)N j THRIVING INTERIOR
OUU. town at railroad depot: clears $125
monthly and over. li. LES-> A CO., 783V_ Market.
,*;a BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, NO-
«JptJtJv". tions. stationery, etc.; corner In best
portion 01 Western Addition; 4 living-rooms:
eh tap rent: lar^e stock; nicely fitted up: do a 1
well-paying business. -M. LESS & CO., 783 V" '
Market at. ' - •
< 1 COM r'IKK CORNER SALOON; CEN-
«_>-M.<VJU. trai and few doors from Market: es-
tablished -0 years: sure to clear $200 monthly:
bears investigation; a bargain. M, u:»S_CO.,
783y 3 Market, st. •■-.-.
«si'>nn BA KK B V, PRINCIPAL STREET
«lr~ Uv». across tne bay; bakes 1V S barrels flour
daily; horse and wa_ on easily worth doub'.e price
askect. M. LKSS A CO., 7831,. Market st.
IK YOU A>T~TO SELL Oil BUT A BUSI-
Peas quick see T. LUBKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
IN I CIGAR-STORE; FURNISHED COM-
X plete; fine locality; only 50c a day Trent; see at
once. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
Q<7XA LODO ING-HOUSE"; 15 ROOMS; FUR-
<S) I O\J. nished elegant; finest locality; cheap
rent; all the rooms full; paying Investigate
this rare chance. T. LUBELSKI, 1 City Hall aye.
S l )>\(\ Partner in saloon! object
«^ — tJU. for taking paitner. to run the business
more successfully. T. LUBKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
C_£fkA PARTNER— FINK- PAYING KSTAB-
«rUUU, tlshed business; a rare ch»nce for the
right man; object tor taking partner to' enlarge
the business: will give trial of business. ■T. LL-
BELSKI;7CIty Hall aye.
Q.l A(\f\ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
♦IP-L*iUU. with 3 living-rooms; in Mission; rent .
$50; choicest locati good cash custom; very
rare chance. WILKE & WOLF. 631 California su
C»O "11 SALOON WITH LAHOE PATRON-
«JISOOV'. ace from Clay and Merchant sta.: Mar-
ket Hall; must be sold at once; owner going to
the min.-s;;o\\ WILKE _ WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia st-
Q>7(\/\ BRANCH BAKKRY, {STATIONERY
V* IVVJ and coffee parlor: j money-making
place; kept by present owner, a lady, 11 years;
wants to retire from business. \\ ILKc; & WOLF,
531 California st. ■■-..-
Qft Oil SALOON: CLOSE TO GOODALL
OvJV/U . Perkins* steamboat landluc: cood-pay-
Ing: low rent. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California.
XT OTEL TO LEA SE FOR A TKRM OF YEA
JJ L new 6-story and basement brick building con-
taining 98 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
lighted basement: centrally located, y^ block N of
Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building: newly furuishe-i throughout:
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For further
particulars apply to S. SILVERBERG, 3'JO San-
some St.. room 39. .....:... _.-.
_>*>;; CIGAR-STORE, STATIONERY AND
VDOZiO. laundry office: No. 1 location: living-
rooms: low rent: doing good business. See BAR-
RETT. 1125 Market st.
V£OA BRANCH BAKERY; 4 LIVING-
tIpOU. rooms; low rent; receipts $5 to $7 a day :
cigar stand. BARKETT, 1125 Market st,
~\ NO. 1 STAND— A FINE SALOON WITH A
-IA. fine choice sock of liquors and cigars: every-
thing in first-class order, with a fine cottage of 4
rooms and bath on the back of the lot fronting on
Seventeenth St., with a nice planked yard between
and over 5 years' lease to come; I am 10 years on
the corner. WM. FoLi-Y, cor. Seventeenth and
Folsom sts., alongside of the factory.
HE DEL NORTE HOTEL, CRESCENT CITY,
-L California The best equipped house in Nor'.h-
ern California is now* offered for sale, or. can be
leased on favorable terms: this house "is the best
paying Investment in Northern California, and
must be disposed of on account of sick ess. lor
terms and particulars apply or address E. YATEB,
proprietor. Crescent City, Cat . .
},' HILL, ROOM 34, DONOHoE BUILDING—
_>• Real estate and business agent.
Delicacy store $200
stationery and c pars $450
General business store, line trade ; ?S'JO
>._cellent paper route 81600
Chemical .laboratory , • ...\?500O
stock of ponUry ranch, low rent :...".. :..... 300 '
£*<)AAA I* You CAN LOAN ME THIS
<9 — "UU. amount for 8 months, will give gooJ
situa-'on at $126 a month and board; business out
of the state-, or will eive you interest in business
that, will pay you $-500 a year besides salary:
cbaiice of a lifetime; come and see me at once.
Address J. A. L., box 66, this office.
OOD OPPORTUNITY; SELLING OUT TO
close estate; business est. since 1869: amount
needed $40,000: owner will remain if arrangement
can be made. Address F. D. , box 137, Call Office.
"v^ 1u- FOR SALE. --CHAIR BARBER-
<_)! UO. shop; latest improved furniture; all
new; good trad baths: living-room; cheap rent.
Address WM.. box 843, San Rafael, Cat.
1" "'OR SALE— THE ROYAL, FINEST SALOON
. situated on the principal business street in San
Jose: at a sacrifice: must be sold. Inquire at New
York Exchange Hotel, San Jose.
AKERYAT A BARGAIN: UAKESFKOM3
to 4 bbls. of flour daily; full inspection allowed:
in Centervllle, Alameda County. Address F. E.,
box 4, Call Office.
ARE CHANCE— FOR SALE.A ROADHOISE
near Haywards; 9 rooms and 1 acre of land.
For particulars address PROWSE & O'NEILL,
Haywards, Cal.
WILL SELL AT A SACRIFICE A FIRST-
" class restaurant in Hay wards, on account of
sickness: call and Investigate. F. B. HOGS.ON,
Hay wards, Cal.
CjOXA DF.LICACY STORE: LOW RENT;
«Tp_-Ov» first-class neighborhood: near large
school: no opposition; chance of lifetime. Apply
Call Oflice. . , 
N ACCOUNT OF OTHER BUSINESS: FOR
Sale— A cigar-stand on prominent - business
street; (day business only). Address J., box 12,
Call Office.
ARGA IN— SALOON-. BAR RECEIPTS $15
J) to $18 per day; rent $20 per month; near San
Francisco. Apply to H. M. COVERT, 218 Cali-
fornia st.
U'OR SALE OR TRADE FOR REAL ESTATE,
T tools and machinery of a ma' nine-shop; lathe,
drillpre.is. bolt-rutter, etc. Address 14 Pearl st.
Q.A 'f\ COFFEE SALOON: CHEAP AT 300:
OtrOU. elegantly fitted; clears $85 a month;
north Market. SKIFF «fc CO., 9-1 Market st.
PARTNER — $J50~; DOWN-TOWN CHOP-
x house and restaurant: pays s6o to $75 a month
each; owner cooks. 40 Clay st.
HOKSTOKK: SMALL STOCK; GOOD FlX-
tures and shoemaker's tools, with a new Singer
shoe machine. lJ/ 2 Polk st.
HE ONLY MODERN IMPROVE D HOTEL
of 80 rooms In Stockton for rent or lease. In-
quire D. HEN BUSH.
QTKKKOpfICO -\~7jR ILLUMINATING AD-
-0 vertlsing outfit complete; 200 slide.; cheap.
340- Devisaderost. .' , '
TATE AGENCY: EXCLUSIVE RIGHT; AR-
ticle selisoa sight; $250. Address X., box 115,
Call Office. •.--,-
OX CHICKEN tANCH TO RENT;
Z.O stock will be sold at $1300. P. O. box 331,
Petaluma. .
■{_»! &(\ FOR BUILDING ON LEASED LOT;
«_>±«Jl/ suitable for grocery. W. CRANE, 324
Postst. /
0 RANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS. ETC: SICK-
X) ness:: Western Add. LT.CKKR, 1020 Market.
1 ADY .MEANS DESIRED A PARTNEK
XJ (German); $25 capital. ;. Room '2, 12 Mason st.
GOOD ROUTE KOK SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply. T. P. RIORDAN, 63- Market, room 2.
OR SALE— LOCKSMITH, MACHINIST AND
grinding shop; well tooled up. 1003 Mission st.
AVI •_ RKSTAURANTS WILL SELLONE
cheap; trial given. Apply Is4l Market st.
}?OR MALI- — BOHEMIAN. SALOON, 25
F Stockton st. Call between 12 >r. and 4p. M.
[>ARTNER WANTED WITH $500; no
1 tnflers. Address D. F., box 85, Call Office.
~* NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
J\ for cash : city or country. M., box 2. C»iL
VEWSHAPEH ROUTE FOR SALK; BAR
i\ gain. Address 8. X.. box 24. Call Office.
nHE.\l'K<l' AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for ?1 £0, post-
age free- . ■. ■■ -■ -- -.-.'...■■-. ■----■■ ■ ■
.\ 1 mi .m:\s-at-law.
T^Kr7HLLITPB^C\"s7^?D STATE COURTS;
li. ; damage casts ' a specialty: money to loan on
estates; charges moderate. Ofllces 508 California.
~r EIiALBU_INES.ST«ANBACrED WITHOUT
JU publicity ; advice free - and • confidential. , P.O.
box 2132, San i ra.icisco. ________
A D VICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A'SPECI-
-A ally; private; no charge unless pnecessful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended 10. O. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
W KINO, -ATTORNEY- AT- LAW, CHRON-
. icle Dldg; advice free; moderate; open evngs.
\\T -W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNE Y-A f-LA w, _-0
" . Citliio'-!' ■ at., rooms 14 and 15: advice free.
fllYSlCl AN (». I' ;.': v
J _i"!TOTi.SSS
It Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty. ' .
1 "VON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN at
XJ his museum, 1051 Market st. : bis 30 years'
cncceasful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
lie worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall. ■
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.'
C^TrTa L^soi^G^H^iu^E^2R^oliis7w^LL
iO»». furnished; best business blocs on Mar-
ket St.; first floor occupied as offices; rent $76;
clearing if Bo to $90 per month. Apply BAILEY,
rooms 1 and 2, 917 Market st.
I 1 -ROOM HOUsV., IN PAYMENTS... $150
1 i Ti rooms on Market st. $600
45 rooms, corner, clearing $200.....;... $1800
50 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 t0... ... .85000
Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market. :
'.{>) ROOMS; SUNNY; CORNER: ALL ROOMS
•->^_i rented; offer wanted. DECKEB, 1020
Market st. .
fl*&ftf I 15 KOOMS: FINK; CLEARS ABOUT
<pOUU. $70. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 602
Market
U(\ ROOMS; NEV» HOUSE: CLEARING OVER
"V $100: $x6OO. SPECK <& CO.,- 602 Market.
LODGING-— 017888 BOUGHT AND IX-
XJ changed. PHELPS <fc CO., 17 Larkin at.
'JR ROOMS; GOOD PAYING HOUSE: $300
♦JO cash, balance easy terms. 115 Second st.
I/*URNISHED FLAT OF. 7 ROOMS: GOOD
-C location :at a sacrifice. 133 Seventh st.
4ltl s\f\ COZY HOM»: 6 ROOMS; MUST
<D 1 rj\J; »ell ; party leaving cltv. 620 Larkin st.
I- I :i;Xlli:iiK FOli SAIK.
I?lrT^SALkT'^ " "*
JC Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of. v «,«„
Oak bed sets * 18 50
Bed lounges •••• ' l ,'°.
Stoves „..; « »»JJ
Carpets, per yard • %5
Linoleum, per yard v....; »*
Matting, per yard • — ••• f"
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we ,are conducting business
ot SK. corner Seventh and Mission sis. J.
NOON AN. . -
A T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
J\ lowest prices on household goods, new or gooi
ns new; cash or time, open evenings.
A HI! l ARPfcTS; CHAMBER BETS*. $U:
•IUU stoves. $5: parlor sets, t'2o: folding- h».U
fin: i;.-;. oungH. $"?■ T. l> MrOAKTHV 11 -■ 4 ■..
FCBNITUIUS WANTED.
C. ' MUTHER, AUCTIONEER, 601 C ALI-
. fornia St.. corner Kearny, pays best price for
furniture and merchandise.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PiiICES FOX FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURP, ill Larkin.
IJKFORK sliLLlNl* YOUR' FURNITURIi
X) send for Simmons Auction Co.. 1057 Market.
JJASUH. 321 SUTTEK, WANTS FURNI-
. lure, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAY Kit. BOYs. YOUR FUKNITURK,
. iHri^p:s. piano, list >l «■■<■■?: t*l. Jessie 781.
CA-KFKT CLKANINU.
"Tones co. CARPKT - CUCANINa AN O
J renovating works. Main othce 83 and 27 Bth.
j ARPET CLEANING, 3c.: LAYING. 3& : HUG
i \J samples free: tel. Jessie »44. Stratton. 19 Bth st.
TTrkatP western CAKPKT-BB— TING
IX works: latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay.
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth: phone Jessie 253.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»> poor wort send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. 853-57 T«ham3 St. : tel. So. 40.
/ M).NKH.NSCAKPKT EEATING WORKS. 3JJ
V,' Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
' niTY STEAM CARPETCLEANINO.RENOVA-
KJ ting. 38tith. bTEVENS. mgr. TeL south 250.
pARPKW CLKANKD AND KENOVATEU |
j \J like new. FERGUSON & CO.. 23 Tenth: ML.
' South 3tJ. D. MACKINTOSH A CO.. succe3sor».
! I X, MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 240
! J • 14th bu; cleaning 3c » yard. Tel. Mission 74.
McQUKEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: Utl. south 223.
BICYCLES.
"n^c^N^H^rD^T^RLlN?rAT^XC^?flON^
O ally 'low rates and terms. 314 Post st.
ECOND-HAND WHEELS- IN PERFECT
_ order: terms, cash or installment: Crescent
$25, Cleveland $30. Victor $40, Crawford $33,
j Bet: Hur tandem. DAVIS BKQS, 25 Geary st.
-96 YOSEMITE TANDEM, ALMOST NEW,
. $100. W. CRANE. 324 Post
WIN FIELD PEARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
. Headquarters Lu-mi-num and Thistle bicycles
1 Q' NKW FALCON; HIGH GKADE; $45 AND
I 00 $55 each; half price: few left. GEORGE
' WEBB ALEXANDER, 401 Market st.
I I . ICYCLES FOR $20, 225, :$3O, $35. $40, $45,
! 1 > $50, second-hand. 306 Post st. ■■,■:■■ .-
IriOß -'96 RAMBLE WARWICK: IM-
-1 penal aud Clipper bicycles at great ba: gains.
j 803 Larkin st. -
I ARKTYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _ET;
J best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Ho-
I Allisier and Powell bu car lines.
Jb'Oli SALK- MIsCKLLiANiiOUS.
G " OO d" COOKING STOVE (FOR W ATE?-
back), No. 7; nearly new; cheap. 129 Valen-
ci» st.
f T7OK SALE— HARDWARE .BUSINESS 'FIFTY
X? miles from, San Francisco; $2000 to-S2iOO
stock. For particulars or interview address li. S.,
; Call Office, city;
_____________________________________
• TM PROVED HIGH-ARM SINGER SKWING
J. machine; $12 50. 2437 Mission, nr. Twenty-
', first. . ' ■ ■ ■-
ILCH COW— FAMILY COW: GEN
tie; very rich milk; cheap. 2304 Hyde si.
IP.RIGaTORs 4 AND 8-HORSE BECOND-
X hand gasoline engines, firat-ciass and cheap*
I Address G. E., box 100. Call Office. .
i T/OR SALK— PATENT FOR 1 HE LATE WlL-
'■ X I Ham Klford's portable hour^. Apply to MRS.
. K. ELFORD, 1406 Thirteenth aye.. East Oakland.
i "PORTABLE THRESHING ENGINE CHEAP,
I lor rent; nearly new Buzz Planer. R-, 60
Bluxomesu
pOOD CASH REGISTER. MAGUIRE, 130
vJT Sansome St., room 9. ■ ■ • ■
XE HORSEPOWER GAS ENGINE; CHEAP.
\J Apply 2109 Larkin si., after 6 p. if. _
I "V"— 3 11. P. UPRIGHT ENGINE it CENTIRFU-
i _— galpumpattached«feso-lightdynamo.sl6Mission
{ /IOU NIK X S, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
! \_ bough: and sold. 1121 Va Warket.bet. 7th A Bth,
ARUAINs TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
XJ write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 810 California.
| < OIL_RS,ENGINES,2D-HANDMACHINKRY,
13 waterplpes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Be&le.
i. UILDINUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASH_3
I ' doors, mantels, etc. 11l sale. 1166 Mission.
NE KMALL MEDIUM AND LAROK SIZB
fire and bnrx'.sr proof safe. )09, 111 Market »:.
I MIKE AND BURGLAR !«A*'t-.. LETTKK-
I -T press, platform scales and desk:cbeap. 102 Clay.
! AIEVV RANGES CHEAPER. THAN~BKCONi>-'
IN band. W. S. RA V Mfg Co.. 12 California »'-
S— WING MACHINES.
"/TIL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, KXCHaXOBh"
A rented, repaired; lowest men. 205 Fourth at.
SINGER SEWING-MACHINE OFFICE, 1559
Market: rent 81 50 to <2 per mo.: repairing. -
. UOKS— a.
"^;^ond^hTn^bu j s^n^sB" u _^g^y7^S^^
0 be cheap and in good order. 406 Sixth at.
T El BOLD HARNE-S COMPANY; 600 SETS
XJ of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st..& F.
"I -fi SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND
XOV ness, ail kinds; wagons, Dugcies, surreiys,
1 rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Missions;
rAn bET NEW. AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
OUU ness; all kinds: wagon, carts, surrey
, & rockaway; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
A(\ HORSE!* >'UB SALE; ALSO WAOONsi
ri\J buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horsa
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction soles every weuna*-
<!»>'• SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers-
HOUSES PASTURED; SKND FOK'CIRCU-,
lur. Th- Hvdß Ranch. 630 Cotnnnrclcl st.
WAGONS AND CAKKIAG— S.
"PIANO - BOX BUGGY,- H ARNeIssT^ROBR,
X whip, covering, $40. Address L., box 2, Call
- Office. . n
LOR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINK
V carriages of every description; cash, notes or
. installments. Carvlll Mfg Co., "46-48 Bth St., S. F.
SLIGHTLY FOILED DRIVING GLOVES;
samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109. Sansome st.
I MEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LA UN-
, — > dry, milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
; and 2 fine buggies. S2tt Harrison st. ___
j DISSOLUTION OF PABTNEKSHIP.
T\ISSOLUTION OF COPARTNERSHIP— THE
; XJ copartnership heretofore existing between the
1 undersigned, under- the firm name and style of
M, EHRMAN _ CO., is this day dissolved by
• mutual consent. MYER EHRMAN,
SAMUEL Sl\-<SMaN,
" JOSEPH EHRMAN,
SOLOMON W. EHRMAN,
SAMUEL 1. WORMSER. ,
I Dated San Francisco, July 2. 1898.
1 riKRTIFICATE! OF COPARTNERSHIP.— WE
\J certify that we constitute a „ copartnership
, transacting business in this State. Its principal
- place of business Is at San Francisco, California.
Its name is I.UK.M AN & CO., and the full names
- and respective ■- places of residence of all Its mem-
'• bers are signed hereto.
' ■- Dated san Francisco, Cal., July 2, 1896.
MYER EHRMAN, -i
; (By JOS. EH KM AN. his attorney in fact),
Residing at ."an Francisco, California.
• JOSEPH EHRMAN,
Residing a San Francisco, California.
SOLOMON W. EH KM AN. .
Residing at Kan Francisco. California.
, ALHEUT L. EHRMAN. •
Ue<fdlnz at San Francisco. California.
Duly acknowledged cefore SAMUKL RO.SI-.N-
-HEIM ,; notary ' public in and j for • the City and
. County of San Francisco, State of California. . .
'• w Indorsed. . . ■■ "">
" lied July 2. 1896.
! _ - C. F. CURRY, Clerk.
■' By WM. RA. JOHNSON". Denuty Clerk.
HOTEL TO LEASE. %
6 LET— THE W. TELL- HOUS-JT: ""317^319
Bush St.; this well-known hotel •Is '.thoroughly
renovated, considerably improved; compares witn
best "M -class hotel in town. MADISON & BURKE
THE SxlN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 6, 1896.
HOUSKS TO tET.
"©TqT3T9~~XATOMA ST.. BET FOURTH
«Jp 1 O. and Fifth; 6 rooms and hath: large yard.
ASHTON <fc GARDINER, 411 Montgomery at.
nrrrfi TWENTY-THIKD. BUT. YORK AND
— I t)O Hampshire; 6 large rooms; modern Im-
provements: $18. ' - .
'_> TENEMENTS, 4 AND 5 ROOMS EACH;
«> rent $10, $11, $14. >$12 Jessie St., near Ninth,
key at grocery.
711 S UTTER, NEAR TAYLOR— VK R V
[I 11 choice; elegant; spacious; reasonable. -
\ FPREOIATED IF BEKN~; CHOICE FOR
A doctor or dressmaker. 829% Sutter, nr. Jones.
CL»I ft HOUSE OF 6 LARGE ROOMS AND
«JplU. yard. 917 Treat .aye.,' near Twenty-
s pco at. '
,2*l Q HOUSE 3 LARGE ROOMS ANDLARGE
<£>±O.yard. 212% Eleventh St. ' ' "
I/I ROOMS PACIFIC HEIGHTS; ARTISTIC;
XU modern: furnished or not: or will sell one-
third cash, balance same as rent. The McCarthy
Co., 646 Market st. . .' '■"■ .:
OUSE— NICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN &, HAMMOND, 10
M onu;oni«*ry st. - ■ . ''-"■ ■•'■■"-■" ~ -■
COTTAIiKS to LET.
';q na^tomX—^jniTy cottagk 4 rooms
OOP ana bath; large yard : rent moderate.
pOTTAWE, REAR OF 2989 MISSION ST.;
\J nit • rooms and stable; rent $8.
/COTTAGE; 3 SUNNY' ROOMS: YARD; BASE-
\J mptii : small family. 1.30 Folsom. nr. Ninth.
FLATS TO LKT.
EXEG^A^T~jT^W^OI)ETtN~STJ NNY
•15-1- I . liais; 5 rooms, bath. 141 San Jose aye.,
near 'I wenty-fourth st- \ -■ ■;. ■ -
£><_) LOWER F\AT; 6 HOOMS. 375 SAX-
ijp'J. chez st., near Seventeenth.
U~~PPER FLAT 3 SUNNY ROOMS. 128 SAN
Joaeyave., near ■ wenty-thlrd st.; rent $10.
QIC-' UPPER FLAT; 4 ROOMS; ALCOVE;
ij>-L«J. bath: latest improvements 1 3 1 2 % Brod-
erick St.. near Geary. .••■-■.
ffljlQ a HANDSOME NEW UPPER 4-ROO.M
O'O. fiats; all modern. Sacramento and l.roJ-
erick sts. .■■•—■■ A
, LAT, 5 SUNNY RUOMS; BATH: MODERN
I Improvements: marine view. 1120% Filbert.
i~i(\(i ELLIS UPPER HAT OF 4 OR 5
i \J\J rooms; famished or unfurnished.
3 SUNNY FLATS— 4 AND & ROOMS, BATH,
$22 and $15. 149 and 713 Grove st.
f OWER BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5 LARGE
JU rooms. 30% Moss, off Howard, nr. Seventh.
T\ESIRABLE~SUNNY FLAT OF 7 KOOM3,
1 ' with bath and all modern' improvements.
1633 Bush St., bet. Franklin and Gouch; rent, in-
cluding water, $43 50. -
1f177 TWENTY-THIRD — LOWER FLAT:
lv I % 100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms, bath
large yard; suu all day; rent $14; \va er free.
C« 1 A 4-ROOM. UPPKR FLAT, HALF A
•. lv. bloc- from Third and Mission. Apply 15
Grant aye. ■____
Q TO 7 ROOM AND BATH FLATS AND COT-
-0 tages. from $6 to $20. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st.
IP LAT— A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
1 rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
<> I 7 FLAT 6 ROOMS AND HATH. 1027
«JT 11. Post »!., near Polk".
1 ROT STEINEIt. NEAR BUTTKK— LOWER
IQUI flat 5 modern, large, sunny rooms: bath.
VTEW FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH; $12;
i.* water free. 529 Ivy aye. .
1 ELEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
_ low Brvant. 5 and 6 rooms, bain: $8 to $16.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ TKJI j
-A WEEKLY CALL. In Wrapper, tor mailing.
liOUSfcKliEi'lMi KOOMs.
uVh Street.,,
1 901 BUSH— UNFURNISHED BOOMS FOR j
1-.V/1 housekeeping; use of gas.
Bryant Street.
Cl "I BRYANT, NEAR THIRD-NICE SUNNY
OH suite, connected: reasonable.
fcUuv Mice .
OQ EDDY-SUNNY FRONT SUITE, SINGLE
— O or double; also light housekeeping rooms;
reasonable. ,
Eighth Street.
1 fIQ EIGHTH — HOUSEKEEPING BOOM,
J-UO with stove, $7.
£-"•• •- i i«e .
COQ ELLIS— N FURNISHED PARLOR
O^iO floor of 2, 3 or 4 rooms; suitable for doctor.
.Fifth Mreei.
Ql A FIFTH— V FRONT BAY-WINDOW
O X rm. : kitchen bath: renovated: private ; $12.
QOO FIfTH— TWO SUNNY ROOMS FUR-
O_,_ nished for housekeeping: rent $3.
Q»>- FIFTH — CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE-
DZJO keeping rooms: 2, $10: 3, $13: single, $5.
l ulßom Street.
Q-l (\ FOLSOM.— SUNNY FRONT ROOM AND
Olv kitchen; furnished complete:' no children.
iluw»,a >,ice , -
/^CQ HO WARD— 2 OR 3 FURNISHED
UJO rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
i.-yde Street.
91 A HYDE-LARGE FRONT AND 2 OTHER
— iJL rooms for housekeeping.
l.mkm aireet.
OOf* LARKIN— ELEGANT SUNNY HOUSE-
♦ )_.U keeping aptmts; Ist floor: gas ranges; bath.
AOQ LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
-I—.'-/ sunny housekeeping rooms; al»o single.
Ol\ A LARKIN— SUNNY FURNISHED BED-
Ol'*:r room and kitchen; $9; large furnished
back. $7. -
Leaven worth Street.
I 1 A 1 LEAVEN WORTH — 3 SUNNY CON-
J-V/1O necting uni urnUhed rooms; yard, cellar,
gas: rent $15.
3iiim:i -i reel.
Oft A MINNA — BUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
D\J\J complete for housekeeping; cheap.
Pi AC* MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
i)lO housekeeping; large yard.
- Kfclon .reel.
QA7 MISSION— FURNISHED ROOMS COM-
V± I plete for housekeeping. ■ •
1 rroqi MISSION, NEAR NINTH—
1 I-W2 furnished housekeeping rooms. $8.
New Montgomery (Street.
lAt NEW MONTGOMERY — CHANGED
±.\JO hands: clean, ffont housekeeping suites. $8.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL. COR. MARKET. OPP. OCTAVIA-2
0 well furnished housekeeping rooms, $13. :
link .Street.
79C POLK-TWO RUNNY UNFURNISHED
I _.c) rooms, with cook stoves, reasonable. - - „ \ ~
Of airell Mreet.
91 A O'FaRKELL— FURNISHED AND UN
— iIT furnished rooms for housekeeping.
it ass Street.
1 A RUBS, OFF HOWARD, NEAR SIXTH— 2
1 \J furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Scott Street.
1 £1 A SCOTT— 3 OR 4 SUNNY ROOMS: UN-
X Dl ■_t furnished; bath; garden; from $16; call
P. M. ,
seventh Street.
1 AC) SEVENTH — NEWLY RENOVATED
J t — rooms; suites and kitchen; also 2 rooms for
light bouseKeeplng.
TO£ SEVENTH— NIdE SUNKY FPrfNISH-
-1 ij\J ed housekeeping rooms from $10 month up.
South Park.
1 n SOUTH PARK — FURNISHED HOUSE-
X U keeplneaultessB to $12; 3 unfurnished $7.
Stevenson Street.
l\A 9 STEVENSON. BET. SEVENTH AND
l)*i_v Eighth— furnished housekeeping; bath;
central. ■ :
liilrd stress. . ■
Qf»9 THIRD— 2 SUITES HOUSEKEEPING
DO— rooms: running water: sunny; porch ; $8-$9.
Turk Mree.. ••
"I 1 n T U RK— KJ.EGANTLY FURNISHED
HP suites, single raw: light hskpng privileges.
ItOOMS TO LKT.
. Clement Street.
Q9Q CLEMENT ST., COR. FIFTH AYE.,
O— v' Richmond— 2 furnished sunny rooms; suit-
able for dentist's office; drugstore underneath. -
" Clementina Street.
qnQA "CLEMENTINA— FINE RM. WITH OR
D\JU without board; family speaks 3 languages.
_ • <i<!y Place.
CQA EDDY— FURNISHED SUNNY SINGLE
OOV rooms from 750 to $1 per. week. •
i-.-j* M-«e..
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ! ELLIS— ELECTRIC
IV lights In every room: reading-room contains all
dally papers; open all night: rooms, per night, 35c
to $1 50; week. $2 to $8: month, $8 to $30: fir-«
escapes; elevator on ofllce floor' r'ms for families.
HE RAMONA, 180 ELLIS: MRS. KATK S.
1 MART, roanacer— A quiet house; centrally: lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot «fc cola water.
Q9 1 ELLIS, - NEAR . TAYLOR— FOR BEST
O— vl lodging we recommend the Kosertale House.
099 \ KLLIS . (THE , PALMETIO), 31R-* A. .J.
.)_._. CALHO UN, v. prop.— First-class ■■ housekeep-
I J ing, apartment and rooming house; 60 rooms. ' ;-
BOOSTS TO Continued.
, ' .. i^JiUtli- Mroet.
SHERMAN • APARTMENT HOUhE, 7K BTH
f;.. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
'.*. " . Utarjrstreo..
Ol 71 GEARY — LARGE FURNISHED OR
—ill » unfurnished rooms. Key at 217. ■. ;? -.-;;.
CI Q GEARY— ELEGANT ROOMS FOR OF-
010 flees, suites and single; sunny; bath.
711 GEARY— 6 UNFURNISHED I SUNNY
i 11 rooms; rear; yard. ..
rpHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
. X handsomely furnished suites; single rooms: $10
month up. 1101 Geary st., aw. cor. Van Ness aye.
\ liuwurd ' Street.
rjr\ 4 HOWARD ST.; COR.' THIRD— FINELY
I \)~t furnished - suites - and rooms: also house-
keeping.
*-«.-.. rnv Mme..
QA FRONT SUITE (FURNISHED)
O\J and single rooms; tourist solicited.
\ KLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
J\ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect; terms reasonable.
WE HAVE ROOMS TO - RENT. CALL AT
»» Rental and Tourists' Guide, 639 axny st.
■ 'one* at root.
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
sunny room; private.
9H7 .'ONES — THE VAN WINKLK; NKW
£>\J I i management: elegant tunny suites and
single: newly furnished; bath, etc; $10 to *:•>;>.
I Larkin street.
1 AC LARKIN— NICELY FURNISHED SIN-
X\J%J gle and double rooms; rent low.
Q1 7 LARKIN — NICELI . FURNISHED
UK I rooms: single, double and housekeeping. *
barker - .co .
"V OSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night, Sso to f1; week, $1 50 to $5: families.
' _J_iia • tree..
nnrr MINNA. COR. EIGHTH— FUR-
-00 I nlshed bay-window rooms: $1 a week.
Montgomery Avenue.
A 1 QA MONTGOMERY AYE.-NEWLY FUR-
t: I O nlshed sunny rooms; every- convenience;
$6 up. : -.-"'- ■ ;-
" O'-arretl Street. -
JOT O'FARRELL ST.-DOUBLE PARLORS;
— O JL cheap: man and wife or two gentlemen. ■
ZfF7r~O T F~\ RELL-COMFORTABLE HOME,
01 O small English family; excellent board op-
tional; reasonable.
79:1 O'FARiiELL-NICF.LY FURNISHED
I &O'Z front room; folding bed; private family;
SlOa month. ■.* ■
i owe. I Street.
OOC POWELL, COR. GEARY— 2 LARGE
__(J sunny front rooms.
. . Hitch Street.
91 Q RITCH -SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
_ j 1 « ' room; cheap. ■ : - .
San Carlos Avenue.
99ft SAN CARLOS AYE.-6 ROOMS AND
-■-.U bath; water included, $20.
Seventh Street.
I 07 SEVENTH— SUITE OF HOUPEKEEP-
J-Ol ing rooms, rent $12; other rooms $1 per
week up.
Minis r«»e«. •
m SIXTH—CHEAPEST IN " THE CITY;
nicely furnished single and double rooms.
Milter . roe . "
17 (\O SUTTER, COR. TAYLOR— ELEGANTLY
I UO newly famished sunny rooms; en suite or
single. . r,:,- " ' ■ -
Taylor Street.
"I /iQ TAYLOR— LARGE DOUBLE PARLORS.
A' 'V $20: singleand double rooms. $1 25 and 2.
99 TAYLOR— i' UKSIBHBD SUNNY
t>~_ rooms; new throughout; thoroughly re-
spectable.
Tenth Street.
QO/11 TENTH — 2 SUNNY IUBNISHED
<>— "-i'4 rooms; $5 and $6. ■ .
1 lnr<l lii roe:.
m THIRD— FRONT, SU.VNY, NEWLY
furnished rooms: $8 and $8 per month.
Thirteenth Street.
990 THIRTEENTH, BET. HOWARD AND
_.— O Mission— Single furnished front room. 5.
\ttit ..-!•.»,« Aimiuu.
VEWLY FUR. SUNNY ROOMS; MODERN
] xi flat; board optional. Inquire 808 Van Ness.
• >■ .Miscellaneous.
FULTON HOUSE, OPrY CITY HALL — FUR-
JT pished rooms, single or en suite: $8 »nd up-
BOAKDIXO ASI) KOO3IS.' ;
i q o"ge Xry'^sunn y "suiteTwith pr£
t/OO vale bath: suitable fora family; also sunny
single rooms: excellent French board.
707 ELLIS — Wfc.LL-FURNIS.HED FRONT
(Ol bay-win rooms, with or .without board.
OLUMBIA HOTEL-D. BUCKLEY, FOK-
\J merly proprietor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
has purchased Hackme'er's Hotel, and assures his
patrons and the traveling public that bis former
reputation as a host will be outdone in his new
enterprise: Mr. Buckley's free buses meet ail
trains and boats. 123 to 129 Kddy st.: meals 25c
THE STEWART, COR. ELLIS AND LEAVEN-
worth— Newly furnished rooms, suites or single.
OTKL BEitTLIiNG, "ii.4. uUSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: all mod-
«rn convenience. ■ .
omens to lex.
oo^i^sutTkiC^^Jon^&^cliolcib^^
<-'— '*J-4 offices and residence combined; reasona-
able. .■.-.■■■■ , .
S PRKCKELS BUILDING, 827 MARKET—
Elegant sunny oillces. $12 50 up; electric-light:
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or O. H. I'MBSKN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
: iIKOiCAL. r " ~
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex; latest Improved method of treatment;
never falls; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home in confinement. DR. & MRS.
DA VIEs, 14 Me All St., next Hlbernia Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pills $2;
hours from 9 a. x. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. it.
~ A LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RB-
*\- stored lo it few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed: travelers helped without delay, pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate
physician; 80 years' successful practice; MEDI-
I CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladlen, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense: consultation free and confidential.
MXX WYKTH. 916 Post st., near Larkla.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
-mentor worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; ■ restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at homo; all cases guaranteed :
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny su
BE GOODWIN, DISEASES OF WOMEN A
specially; unexcelled In restoring irregularity
or other conditions; home in confinement; best of
care: low fees: pills $2. ' Removed from 1370
Market su to 904 McAllister st. t -
MRS. G. WOOD'' MIDWIFE, CURES ALL DlS-
eases of womb, paralysis, rheumatism, rtropsy,
liver and kidney troubles, cancers and tumors;
cure guaranteed; consultation free. 248 Shipley su
LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS- A BOON "TO
ladies troubled with Irregularities; no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D. ; don't delay
cntil too late. OSUOOb BROS.. Oakland. CaL^^
TNSTITUTE OK - PNEU_ATOPATH V FOR
X heating and ' instructions; 2729 Jackson st,
hours, 10 to 5; consultation free; call or write for
our "New Methods": the poor healed free. .
MRS. DR. WEOENKB TAKES LADIES B&
fore a/id during confinement: infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. ■" '
SURE CUKE FOR ALL -FKM ALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home In confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MKa DR. (iWYKIt, 2'J6 Turk sL •"**— "~~« "'
<3» X fW \ FOR CASE I FAIL TO CURE: DIS-
tTp%J\J\J eases ol the eyes treated : ladles consult
free: only qualified specialist. MRS. DR. SCOTT,
216 Powell st. •:. ■ .. ■■■■..: .
] R. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIALIST,
XJ 11*06 Market s:.; private and chronic diseases,
lost manhood and female troubles; P. O. box 2275,
R. PENA CHECKS IT m 2* HOURS;
prompt relief ; successful treatment; diseases
of both sexes a specialty. ■ 7 Orant av-.
R-. J. A. ACHaRD, -MIDWIFE-HOME IN
confinement: 25 yra' experience. 555 Mission.
•TV IRREGULAR OR ANY FKAIALK DI EASE
see MRS. DR. PUETZ and be content, 264U, 4th.
PRIVATE HOM.K IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
X DR. FUNCKK, 1416 Eighth st., Alameda. .
DU. WALL, ,4 —CALJLIbIKK KIRKKT, NKAtt
itiycao^ of »om»i ynri rbtlrli-n.
V'T tiXOKAUB. r- .-
STORAGE— CHEAPKKT IN THE CITY- KIRK^
0 proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
?P H. ROONEY. ISI MISSION— STORAGE AT
X .r<-di<-ed rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
f>URNITURK. PIANOS, TRUNKS; -AD-
vances, shtpplng. CHA.H. L. TAYLOK.2O4Post.
OWKsr.- FURNITURE, PIANOS,
household goods, etc' J. M. pierce. 735 Market.
B. SMITHS FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIi?
. low rates: fireproof bulldinc:>Kastern pint
•' ■■ PU I K-.-l.>N.\ !. - CAKDS. -
OHN K.R ICH A RDS, LA W OFFICE?. ; rooms
23 and 27, Crocker building; : telephone Main
75, San Francisco, Cal. ' - ,
JOHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHER,
O attys at law, rms 510,516, sth floor, Parrott bldg.
CITY REAL ESTATE. _ ;
OR SALE— COTTAGE" 6^ KOOMS: BATH;
"lot 27VfexlO9Va"- price $3250. -- 2810 Octa via
St., near Union. ■ • ...
OUSE AND LOT: 6 ROOMS; BATH: CON-
servatory; cellar; garden; cheap. 2439 Lar-
kin st.
OQ7AAI FINE PL AC*. lOR A TKAMsTKIt,
i^dl\J\J. near Bryant and Sixth sts. :: 2-story
house of 7 rooms: stable for 4 horses and 3 wagons;
street accepted size 37 :fixB'J. JAMES W. COLE-
MAN, 84 Montgomery st.
T^OK SALE; REAL ESTATE BY PACIFIC
-F Bank, for cash; parties seeking Investments in
City or country property, will find th<s a eood op-
portunity for bargains. A poly at office, 530 Cal-
fornla st., S. F. .; : ■■-.'- ' ■ , • ■
WNER MUST LEAVE THE CITY; WILt,
sell at a great sacrifice for ca*h; SW. cor. Fol-
som and 21ststs., 9Jx9O ft. :
SW. COR. 20TH & TREAT AVK., 25x110 FT.
ALSO 50x100 FT. N. SIDE PAGE ST., 37
feet from Shrader, bet. Shrader and Stanyan sts.;
offer , wanted. ; Inquire 1205 Market st.
UIiSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSB BUILT
at from $150 to $275 a room; call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
QTnn (i(\(\ TO LOAN. CITY, AT 6*: ALSO
ijpIUU.UUU Oakland and country, life In-
surance, real estate in probate, small or large sums.
shainwald, buckbee _ CO., 218-220
Montgomery st.
CtHEAP — ONE 2-STORY HOUSE, LOT; 7
/rooms: bath; finished basement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tabes: stone walks.
On Waller st . nr. Stanyan. 14 block (4. <iat(> Paric.
COUNTKV IiEAL ESTATE.
A LAMEDA COUNTS.
_»-- ' - - : _' .
$1500— 15 acres about 2 miles from Haywards;
5J/ 2 acres fruit and will make a fine little home.
NAPA COUNTY.
$750— 8y acres, 2 miles out: all fine land good
house, barn, chicken houses and good well and
pump and a fine little home.
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.;
$700— 10 acres near Apios; cool improvements
and a model little home. send -or catalogue.
R. P. QUINN, 53 Chronicel building, San Fran-
cisco.
MARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES 26 .MILKS
irom city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building.
A LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIC-
xx «-st in the Stale; soiling in tracts, 5 acres up-
ward. $35 per acre': adjoining lands held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell; 1% hours inn S. F.;
easy terms; title perfect. 57 chronicle building.
ITTLE HOMhS. CLOSK TO TOW IM-
proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market a , S. F.
T? OR CASH OK CITY RE A L ESTATE-5- ACRE
x good improved ranch in Petaluma, Apply 516
Second si. . :Z*s£'i ■
FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HU.MKS
0 torsais. . WOOHTKR A. Wll ii i.in. km Jo*».
A \VE_K-B NEWS FOR 6 CENTS— THU
■r\ WEEKLY CALL, la wrapper, for mailing.
~ 3iO>_i _ 10 iOA.S. ~ ~
ANY AMOUNT " ON " BONDS, DIAMONDS,
watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and Instruments; Interest low; private entrance;
private rooms: discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye. . . , ■-.-
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
jewelry, also oo furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JKWiLKT
STORE, »48 Market St.; open evenings
MONKY LYING IDLE; TAKE AT $5 INTER-
IM- ♦>st per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or lite ! insurance. Coin, box 2," Call.
ONKY LOANED O>T JEW_LRV AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office
1106Marketst..nr. Motion: private entrance 7 Tur'—,
1 \IRECT ON YOUK FURNITURE OR PIANO;
XJ no removal; no delays; no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg. 1170 Market st.
NY AMOUNT: IST. 2D.or 8D MORTGAGES:
XX estates, undivided interests, real estate in mo-
bate. McCOLOAN. V 4 XontKomery, room 3.
ST«fc2D MORTOAGKb; INTERKSTS IN E*
-.lowest rates:no <lelav.Ml.'RPHY,62B Mrkt.
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JKVVELHY. KTU
>f*i Colombia l-oxn «t '•o:ii\tt»r»' '-Wr» V (,r*'i i--».
__ „ _________________
fAWNBKOKIiKS.
I ~A~T~12« KEARN Y ST_ itOOM
! -*» loaned, watches, diamonds, etc; low rates: pa«
j Vate rooms: elevator: pledee* for sal > cheap.
~ ~; Proposals.
tsroposals tTT~light~~the^ public
X streets— Clerk's office. - Board of Supervisors,
San Francisco, July 6. 1*9(5.
In accordance with Resolution No. 14,459 (third
series) of the Board of .Supervisors, SEALED
PROPOSALS will be received In open session oi
the board on MONDAY AFTERNOON, July 13,
1896, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, to light with gas all
I the putllc streets of this city and county for a
j period of two years, on and from August 1. 1896,
* In accordance with tbe following specifications:
j Gas— The gas to be furnished to be of a standard
! quality and Illuminating power of not less than
r seventeen candles, said illuminative power to be
I determined by tests made by the Gas inspector in
I his office, who shall use for said tests such burners
as will obtain from the gas the greatest amount ol
light, and practicable for use by the consumer,
j and consuming at the rate of fi-.e cubic feet of gat
I per hour. >■ v . . • - ■-
Lampposts and Lamps— lampposts to be
used to be of the same material ana not to be Was
in height than the lampposts now in use. and to be
erected and lighted at such locations as may be
designated b. the board.. '
Tbe number of lampposts to be erected and
maintained during the continuance of the contract
to be not less than 5100, with the understanding
that the number may be increased from time to
time under the direction of the board, but cot tc
exceed 5800 In aIL The lampposts to be erected
and maintained at 'ir contiguous to the present lo-
cations of street lamps erected throughout the city
and county, and at such locations as may be d«s.g-
-natt-d by the board, the board to have the rl,lit tc
change the location of the same from time to time
upon payment of the actual cost of labor and mate-
rial In making said changes or removals. When
lamps are ordered to be erected in certain sections
of the city where no mains are laid then the mains
shall be extended or arrangements made by wnicfc
the lighting of said sectious of the city shall bt
effected, but in 110 event shall more lights be
erected than can be paid for out of the lund pro-
vided for street lighting during the fiscal year. ,
Lamps— l he lamps to be similar to those now In
use, or Mich as may be approved by tbe board, and
the burner to be used in the lamps in lighting the
public streets to consist of a single burner of the
same size now used in the main thoroughfares.
The burners of the various lamps to average a
con»umptlon of not less than five cubic feet pel
hour. ,
t The lampposts, lamps, service pipes, mains and
all appurtenances incidental and necessary to com-
plete and equip the lamps ready for lighting to be
furnished by the successful bidders, who shall
erect, maintain and . keep the same in proper con-
dition and repair.
Lighting lamps— last lamp upon each lamp-
lighter's beat to be lighted One hour after sunset
and to be ex ingu shed li If an hour before sun-
rise; provided, that during the months of Novem-
ber to February, inclusive, in each year, no I nips
! ahull be lighted during the night of full moon and
I the night preceding and the night following; alsc
that during the months of March to October, in-
I elusive, in each ear, 110 lamps shall be lighted dur-
ing the night of full moon, two nights preceding
an.l the night following. *
Cleaning and repairing lamps— All the lamps tc
be kept in proper condition and cleaned at least
twice in each week, and at each of said cleaning!
all the glass shall be thoroughly, cleaned, both or
the inside and outside of the lamp, and all t.edus!
and dirt shall be brushed from the frames. Thi
lamps, are to be repaired and reglazed withir
twenty-four hours after any portion of the same ii
broken. M4o9_B_&EP I|| s9BUlS|
Street s gna— The names of streets, places and
alleys 10 be painted on the gas lamps througboui
tbe city and county at street crossings, main anc
sub 1 1 vision street intersections, ana at the inter
sections of places and alleys with the main streets
at main-street crossings two names on each : lamp
at intersections of main streets not less than twi
names on each lamp, at intersection subdivisior
streets, places or alleys not less than two name:
on each - lamp. The letter, > color, ntyl(
and location of the names on the lamp;
to be approved or designated by the . Boarc
of Supervisors. The names of street, etc.
on each lamp to be kept clean and in positiot
so as to be plainly visible, and within twenty-foui
hours in case of breakage to be repaired and tin
name or names repainted thereon, and in no even
are the lumps to be turned 30 as to misplace thi
names of tbe streets as indicated on each lamp.
1 Bidders will estimate and bid a price per lami
per night, for which they : will furnish, erect,' re
pair and keep in good repair and condition al!
lampposts, lamps, servic s, street signs and ar>
purtenatices, furnish gas and light the I lamps ot
ail the streets, p. aces and alleys according to tin
ioregoing specifications. . ...
General Notice— Bidders will estimate with the
understanding that no compensation shall be al-
lowed for any lamp or lamps except sncii as shall
be lighted during the whole time provided- in tin
foregoing specifications under which a contract
may be awarded; also, that within three days
prior to the expiration of each month the Gas In-
spector shall lurnish the parties to whom the con-
tract Is awarded the l me during « hich the lamps
shall be lighted and extinguished each and every
night and morning of the succeeding month. All
bills of the successful bidders upon the execotior
of a contract and a performance in comp.iance
therewith shall be preseulea and paid monthly at
tbe end of each calendar month. .
No bids will be r> veil from parties encaged it
the manufacture or supply of gas until said par
ties have connection with ~ the apparatus in the
office of the Gas Inspector, New city | Hall I build-
ing, and have had the illuminating power of said
gas tested.
- Binders will be required to deposit with the clerk
of the ■ Board of Supervisors a < certified ■ check,
drawn to the order of the clerk, to be approved by
said clerk, upon some bank In the City end Count}
of San Francisco, in the sum 01 $ 0,0 '0 gold coin,
conditioned sif the proposal is ' accepted ■ and - the
contract awarded: him if tne : bidder shall fail 01
n gleet to execute a written contract therefor and
give a good and sufficient bond, with two sureties.
In he sum of $35,000, for the proper fulfillment ol
•aid contract, within. ten days after the award li
made, then and la that cave the said sum shall be
paid into the City and County 1 reasury by said
clerk, as liquidated damages for such failure and
neglect. r f***Htt~ t 'lF'iTs*^BSS*OfiWw*(P**Wjß~S
■" It Is also to be distinctly understood that tin
board- reserves the right 10 reject all bids if tin
public good so requlres.;_EflßKs^_*__«__3fiß&s?s
Also, that th* party or parties to whom a * con-
tract Is awarded will be required, prior to or at th<
time of the execution of the contract, to pay th(
cost ;of ■; advertising this ; notice in three dailj
newspapers. ' ..-:.'• S^iSPS
■•-" Blank proposals furnished by the clerk. ;•
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Cleric.'
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND BKAZi KSTATE.
Cj^nnn 2-STORY HOUSE OF 8 '.BOOMS;.
iiPi)\}\J\'. all modern and compleie; lot 60x
112; N. side of Twenty-third kU, near Telegrapn
aye.; easy terms: street work all done. A. H.
BLOW, 10 10 Broadway.
flf-^7^o '- '-"STORY 8-ROOM HOUs, : NEW.
«iPU I U\J. and all modern; Just finished;: N.
side of Twenty-third St., between Grove and Tele-
graph aye. : lot 40x112; easy terms; street work
done. . A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway. 
<Ei97?;n Sew 2-story house; all
•fp_^ • UU, modern; 8 rooms; lot 35x165: near
Twenty- I bird st. and Teleeraph aye. ; eusy terms;
s reet work all done. A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broad-
way. , ■ •".■..■ ... . . .... . ■-. ■ . , - ■
m>Ol F\f\ NEW A>*D ALL MODERN TWO-
rJpOJ. O\J. story house; 8 rooms: jus: com-
pleted; lot 35x112: .on Twenty-seventh St., be'
Tele raph and Grove; street work all done. A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadwa.-.;.
ftl ( M\C\ NEW. MODERN COTTAGE OF 5
•rl —\t\J. rooms and bath; high ba«ement; lot
38x100; l.oxleyave.. near Clinton; easy terms.
A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broad .
Cl* I 1 (in HOUSE 4 ROOMS; LOT a7:6x»7;
tlpll vu. on Twenty-sixth St.. near Market;
must be sold; this is a bargain; street work ail
done. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
I&O7XA 6-ROOM COTTAGE: ALL MOD-
«ip_ I OU. em: lot 32x105; Fourteenth St., near
Adeline: a bargain; street work all done. A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
$99Xn WE WILL BUILD YOU A NEW 6-
tiP_._.cH> . room house, with all modern im-
provenr.ents, In the Grove-st. Tract, Grove and
Kuph sts., for $2250, or; an 8-room house for
$2500: lots 10x125; small cash payment, balance
to suit customer. A. H. -BLOW. 1010 Broadway.
OUSE OF 6 ROOMS; 1 BLOCK F-031
Plea mond electric road; in Pleasant Valley;
prio- $750. $350 cash; balance mortgage. Apply
Aman Chateau * Restaurant, on Pleasant Val-
ley road, Piedmont.
ARGAIN— SIOO rASH; $10 65 PER MONTH;
house of 5 rooms and bath: force pump: small
stable; lot 50x100; 10 minnies' walk 10 local
train; price $900- WM. P. 'luL'D, 1002 Broad-
way. Oakland.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. . ,- . .
OAKLAND MOUSES TO LET.
OAKLAND — 1364 FRANKLIN; 1 OR 2
years; 14-room, -unny, full furnished house;
attractive grounds: 3 minutes' walk from narrow
gauge; $60; reference: call 10 to 5 P. if.
OAKLAND KOOMS AND BOARDING.
VI ARIVoSA— MRS. li]sl^rA~lir~XDAMS^
1»1 Newly furnished or unfurnished rooms en
suite or single: also, first-class table board. 666
Eleventh su, near Jefferson. Oakland, Cal.
.FOURTEENTH AND CASTRO— TO LET.
1 X with board, 2 front rooms furnished ; southern
and eastern exposure. ■ 1308 Castro st.
OAKLAND FUKMTUKE FOR SALE.
"VTEW BRUSSELS. CARPET, 49c YARD AT
■11 H. SCHELLHAAS'. 408 Eleventh St.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
I OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMKDA 11KAL ESTATE.
SfOnO 9- R °OM, 2-STORY HOUSeTaTII
"""< modern and just completed : lot 50x
' 150: located on Beuton st., near Santa Clara aye.;
easy terms: street work all done. A. H. BLOW,
1010 Broadway. . .
<X 9^^H NEW TWO-STORY, EIGHT-ROOM
ijp£.\JtJ\J. honse:'inst completed: all modern:
lot 30x125; easy terms; streetwork all done; this
. is a bargain; must be sold at once. A. H. BLuW,
1010 Broadway. .
FOR SALE— > . . .
House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye.: house 4
, rooms. Grand st.; cottage 6 rooms, Everett st.;
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
ban Francisco property. Apply
iiASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
' 638 Market st.
• . ' ■ ' ■ . San Francisco, Cal. ■
! Q9finn 4-ROT>M COTTAGE; $50 CASH;
«J)_UUU. $20 per month.
A $2300 b-room cottage; $300 cash; $25 per
' month. • -
. $i!750— 6-room cottage; $250 cash; $25 per
month.
I $3000— e-room house; $.00 cash: $25 per month.
1 $400'J— 7- room bouse; $800 cash ; $25 per month,
' Ail modern houses on improved streets and con-
, venient to trains; have also a few magnificent
1 bouses at reduced prices and on easy terms.
' . JOSEPH A. LEONARD & CO..
1 - 1364 Park St., Alameda.
I ©ftfinn BEAUTIFUL NEW MODERN
, <Jr\J\J\r\J. two-story house, finely finished and
, beautifully frescoed; large rooms; Central aye.,
, one olock west of Park St.; it will surely please
, yon: investigate: terms to suit. G. B. M. GRAY,
f 463 Ninth St.. Oakland. ' -'
i FCKNISHED HOUSES.
( rpO-LET— FV Hy I^UKDT^IS^/LA^iEOAT^.
. 1 nice cozy 6-room cottage in central part of city;
I 6 minutes' walk to station on either broad or nar-
, row-gauge; rommuta lon ticket, (food on either
road: owner going away and would let house for 1,
I 2or 3 months at very low rent to responsible par-
j ty. Inquire at 2132 Alameda aye.. Alameda, Cal.
! j*EitK___r REAL estate.
> ; ; __. —_ .
I JOSEPH J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND
- O insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoining
' bank.
J p OOD HOMES FOR KENT OR FOR SALE
, U on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO.. real estate
_ and building. 2123 Center St.. Bprlcley.
1 rKOPEKTX TO EXCKANGK.
l ~ ~. — ■ — . — »- — ,
1 Q% ACRES KERN -COUNTY (CLEAR).
s O£\J DECKER, 1020 Market at. ■■
! JQA-ACRE RANCH (CLEAR) TO EX-
OU change. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
l "I (\ ACRE FRUIT RANCH, 3 MILES SOUTH
I IU of Santa Rosa; rich soil, 6or 7 acres fruit ana
1 vines, full bearing; bouse, barn, etc.; will exchange
'■ for city property. J., box 41, all Office.
[ COMPLETE POULTRY AND FRUIT
. O ranch at Fruit vale; $6000; want house and lot.
' J. H. EPSON. 908 Broadway, Oakland. .
I "BARGAIN; 6- ROOM HOUSES: RICHMOND:
- Xj $500 cash; lots or merchandise accepted. 1402
• Devisadero st. , : • ____
. I9W(| ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
X£;O\t w»tpr: flneforcaule-ralslng. N..bx,l6.Cail
i FKOPEKTV WANTED. ~~ .
I~POIR RTiN^n?H^u7E^T^~Tio^A r rlo^r S^lN^
'Berkeley: ; lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
I lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
, furnished; to ; first-class tenant long term. See
• CAPTAIN MORRISON. Berkeley.
J j -EGA- NOTICES.
> ' TN~THI3 S^JTETtTo^CO^aß^r^l^rY^AND
t, X County of San Francisco. State of California.
1 Department No. 8. JULIA DE ANDANY,
i plaintiff, vs. ANTHONY DE ANDANY, defend-
i ant. Action brought in the Superior Court, City
3 and County of San Francisco, State of California,
1 and the complaint filed in said City and County of
1 San Francisco, In the office of the Clerk of said
Superior Court. ■ . :
1 The people of the State of California send greet-
t Ing to ANTHONY DE ANDAJNY, defendant.
i You are hereby required to appear in an action
. brought against you by the above named plaintiff,
• in the Superior Court, City and County of San
i Francisco, stale of California, and to answer the
j complaint filed therein within ten days (exclusive
i of the day of service) after the service on you of
, this summons— if served within this County; or if
c served elsewhere, within thirty days— judgment
9 by default will be taken against yon, according to
i the prayer of said complaint.
- The said action is brought to obtain the decree
I of the above entitled court dissolving the bonds of
r matrimony heretofore and now existing between
s plaintiff and' defendant upon the irronnd that
I defendant has been and is guilty of willful deier-
.. tion or plaintiff: and upon the further ground thai
I defendant has been and is guilty of willful neglect
, of plaintiff, all of which will more fully and at
. large appear in th* complaint of plaintiff, on Hie In
i the above entitled action, to which said complaint
. express reference. In that behalf, is hereby made,
, and for costs or suit. '
. And you are hereby notified that if yon fail to so
appear and answer said complaint as above re-
; quired, said plaintiff will apply to the court for
. tne relief demanded in said complaint.
■ Given under m* band and seal of the said
, Superior Court, at the ( lty and County of San
. Francisco, State of California, this 2d day of
, June in the year of our Lord one thousand eight
hundred and ninety-six. ■ Jto*?**uwst»
I [Seal.l C. F. CURRY,' Clark.
, By JOSEPH RIORDAN, Deputy Clerk.
! GEO. W. TOWLE JR., Attorney for Plaintiff,
l 608 California St.. San Francisco. Cal.
1 BillTliS---MILRIA«ES--.EATa
1 IBtrth, marriage an t dealt) " notices sent hr m \U
will not be Inserted. Tifty must be banded In v.
' either of the publication offices and be indorsei
'. with the name a_l residence of peiioas aulhoriMJ
'. to have the same published. |
BOBS.
! BAER— this city, to the wife of August Baer,
, "r -a son. 1 ..;-.... .
, FABRY— In this city, June 13, 1896, to the wife Of
I . -. Herman t'abry, a son. .. '
r GILHOOLY—In : this city, July 4, 1896, o the
I ' wife of Thomas Peter oilhooly, a daughter. .
; KELLY— In this city, June SO, 1896, to the wife of
[ / B. Kelly, .daughter.- .
' MEYER— June 29. , 1898, to the wife or Bernhard
[ -Meyer,' a sou. .■
I _______________________________________
MARBIED.;^pHBBSHI
I BYMA— SHOHAY— In ', this city, July 6, 1896,
• by the Rev. J. Faendellng, Frank Byina aud
i ■ Clementina Shohay." • ■
I HALL— SMALL— In Oakland. July 5, 1896, Leon
I -?, M. Hal) and Helen M. Small, both of Oakland.
• LUsiTENBERGER— MULLEU— In this city, July
5, 1890, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,; Michael W.
..: iberger and Ida _L A. Muller. -
\ BUNGE-GIEVOLI3--In this city, July 6, 1896,
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Edward F. M. Rangt
and Augusta Gievoils.
TOEPFKR— RICK-In this city, July 5, 189 ft
by th^ Kbv. J. Fuendeling. Reiuhard Toepferan4
Km i iie Rick
DIJED.
Acton, Robert Kurre, John.nna
Asking. Simon McCann. Elizabeth
Bonner, NVil Mcl'ermott, John
Bucklv, Martha M Gregor, Alexander
Ca.aijhan, Mary R. Malunder. Mrs. Annie
Dentifln, Elleu Maione, James B.
Do.-le Annie Manning. Watson J.
He'.bing, Krancisca Marco, Rolandetti
Hoheuschiid, Harry Martin, Albert H.
Hutaff. Marie R. Minor, Lottie L.
jago, H. Prooert (infant)
Jaenicke, Christoph Ron'-ataeliHta, Victor
Killeen, Dennis Schumacher. K. H.
Kimball, Charles B. Wa lenrol, George V.
ACTON— In this rlty. July 4, 1895. Robert, be-
loved husband 01' Catherine Aeon, a native oi
Ireland, asred 55 years.
jjSrFrieuds are respectfully invited to atteni
the funeral THIS DAY" (Monday), at 9 o'clock
p. m.. from the family residence. -11-1I 1 -' 1 ■> No«
street. Interment, Cypresa Lawn Cemetery, bj
carriage
ASKIXS- In this city. Jnty 5, 189 a. Simon, be-
loved husband of Annia Asicins. and father 01
George, Ivan. Grace and John AsKins, a nativt
of Kussia, uie;l 62 years.
BONNKR— In this city, Ne 1, belovpd husband ol
the late Ellen L'onner, and father of Mrs. Mamie
King, Neil. Maggie. Daniel, John, Philip and
K.mnle BontiT, and brotner-in-law of Mrs.
Campbell, Charles and Owen Herald, a native ol
the parish of Cv ldufl, County Donegal, Ireland,
aged 45 yours.
BICKLY— In this city, July 4. 1896, Martha,
beloved daughter of William H. and Lizzie L.
Unckly. and sister of John N. A. Buckiy, a na-
tive of Sun Francisco, Cal., aged 5 months and 6
days.
B^ Friends and acquaintance? are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10 o'rlock a. m., from theresidencs
of the parents. 1107 Oak street, between Levisa-
dcro and lirodenck. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
CALLAGHAN— In this city. Jnly 6,1896. Mary
Raphatl, beloved daughter of Peter and Nora
Callagtian, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
months.
AS" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monaay), at 2:30 o'clock p. if., from the resi-
dence of the parents, 2108 Lombard street, near
Fillmore. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DKNIGIN-ln this city, July 3, 1896, Ellen, be-
loved wife of Fmnic Dentgin, a native of County
Lonaford, Ireland, aged t>7 years.
$S"Friends ana acquaintance? are respecv
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 1615 Church street, thence to st
Paul's Cnurch, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DOYLE— In the CXv and Conntv Hospital, July
5, 1896. Annie Doyle, aged 55 years.
HKLBING-In this city, July 3, 1896, Frandsca,
beloved wife of August, and mother of David A.,
Carrie, Lillleand J. A. Heiblng, a native of Ger-
many, axed 59 years.
O~Frlenas and acquaintances are resoec'-
fully invited to attend the funeril THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10:U0 o'clock a. x., from her late
residence, 13^5 Webster street. Interment
Home o» Peace Cemetery, by 11 :30 o'ciock a. k.
from Tclzd and Townsend streets.
HOHKXSCHILD— In Highland Sprlnira. July 3,
1896. Harry HohenschiU. belovt-d son of Mrs.
C. Y'oun? and Henry Uohenschlld of Tacoma,
ana brother of Frank Hohcnschild, a native of
San Francisco, aged 21 years and 6 months.
&3~FrienJs and acquaintances ara resDect-
fully invited to attend the fuueral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. if., from the par-
lors of the Golden Gale Undertaking Company,
2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Ceraeterr.
S. K. of A.— Triumph Legion No. 1, Select Knights
ot America: Officers and members oftneabovo
l"Kion are hereby notified to attend tbe fun-rat
of our late comrade, Harry lloucnsciiild, from
the un lertaking parlors, 2429 Mission street,
TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., in
fa'.igue dresi. J. J. SUTHERLAND, C
At.est: W. C. Cbovlit, Recorder.
HI'TAFF-In this city, July 4, 1896. Marie R.
I! utaiY. dearly beloved mother of Mrs. D. M.
Wright, J. Henry, Minnie C. and GustavA.F.
Hutaff, a native of Germany, aged 48 years 3
months and 5 days.
flC3~Frleu(ls and acquaintances are reio«oi-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence, 520 Noe street, between Eighteenth
and Nineteenth, thence to Olivet Congregational
Church, Noe and Seventeenth streets, where
funeral services will be held at 2 o'clock p. U.
ln-.erment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JAGO-In this city. June 30, 1896. H. Jago, a na-
tive of Xew York, aged 46 years.
JAENICKE— In thiscitv. July 4, 1896, Christoph,
beloved husband of Susie Jaenicke. and father of
Lulu, Etta and Adeline Jaenicke, a native of
A nhalt Dessau, Germany, aged 48 years and 3
months. A member of the ban Francisco Baker
Vereln, Keystone Lodge No. 64, Workmen, and
California Lodge No. 2. O. A. H. S.,of Oakland.
[Oakland papers please copy.]
49"Friends and acquaintances are resnecl-
fullv invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 1913 Hyde street, near Union, thence 10
Druids' Hall, 413 Suiter street, between Stock-
ton and Powell, where funeral services will be
held under the auspices of the San Francisco
Baker Verein. Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KILLEEN— In San Luis Oblspo, July 5. 183b',
Dennis, be'oved husband of Minnie Killeen,
father of Walter, Edward, Howard and Annie
Killeen, and beloved brother of John and Mart n
Killeen. a native of Kings County, Ireland, aped
4S> years.
<3~Friends and acquaintance ar<» re^oaa'-
fuily invited to attend the funeral WEDNESDAY,
July 8, 1896, at 9 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 613 Bartlett street, thence to st. Paul's
Church, Twenty-ninth and Church streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celeorated
for the repose of his soul, commencing; at 9:3J
o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
KIMBALL— In East Oakland. Jnly 3, 1896,
Charles Bradbury Kimball. a native of Maine,
aged 65 years 3 months and 3 days.
KI'RRK-In this city, July 3, 1896, Johanna
Kurre, oeloved wife of Charles Kurre, and
mother of Alfred and Charles Herman, and
grandmother of Mrs. Minnie Classen, a native of
Braunschweig, Germany, aged 77 years.
jjyFriends and acquaintances and officers
and members of German. a Lodge No. 116,
1. O. O. F., and Walhalla Encampment No. 7.
I. O. O. F., are respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral THIS DAY' (Monday), at 2 o'clock p.
M., from her late residence, northwest corner ot
Beach and Broderick streets. Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
McCANN— In this city, July 4. 1593. Elizabeth,
beloved wife of Charles T. McCann. a native of
Indiana, aged 43 years 2 months and 19 days.
JK9~Friena3 ana acquaintance am r^sDacc-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. k., from her late
residence. 873 Broadway, thence to St. Francis
Church, where a high requiem mass will be said
for the repose ot her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
by 11:30 o'clock a. m. train.
McDERMOTT— In this city, July 5,1896, John,
beloved son of Timothy and Bridget McDermott,
and brother of James and Thomas McDermott,
a native cf San Francisco, aged 19 years and 11
months.
49~Friend3 ami acquaintances ar« re«ow.-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8 :30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 927 York street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, Alabama and Twenty-fourth streets,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing at
9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
XcGREGOR— In Ukiah, Cal.. July 4, 1896, Alex-
ander McGregor, beloved son o: Mrs. June Hoff-
man, and brother of John and Arthur Hoffman,
a native of New Zealan d, aged 24 years t> months
and 5 days.
MALANDER— In this city, July 6, 1896, Mrs.
Annie Malander, beloved wife of Edward Malan-
der, and mother of Mrs. E. Ramos, William and
< eorge Relterman, Flora Malander and tbe late
Edward Keiterman, a native of County Galway,
Ireland, aged 53 years.
MALONE— In this city, July 4. 1896, James Bar-
tholomew, beloved son of Joseph and Martha
Malone, a native of San Francisco, aged 8 years
and 3 mouths.
*_-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from 1126 How-
ard street, thence to Holy Cross Cemetery for
interment.
MANNING— In this city, July 4, 1896. Watton J.,
dearly fteloved son of James and Letitia Man-
ning, a native of Oakland, Cal., aged 8 years 9
months and 1 day.
MARCO— In the City and County Hospital, July
5. IS9B. Rolandetti Marco, aged 24 years.
MARTIN— In this city, July 5, 1898. Albert
Homer, youngest etiild of A. H. and Louise Mar-
tin, a native of San Francisco, aged 3 months
and 7 days.
jg3~Noilce of funeral hereafter.
MINOR— In this city, July 4. 1896, at the Lane
Hospital, Lottie Louise, only child of Dr. J. F.
and Isabella Minor of San Mat co, Ca!., a native
Of Valona. Contra Cos'a County, Cal., aged 4
years 4 months and 19 days.
flarFnends and acquaintance* ar# resneo-.-
fully Invited to attend r he funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2:30 o'ciock P. *.. from the resi-
dence, 1736 Eddy street, corner Scott.
PRORERT— In the Potrero.July 4, 1896, Infant
daughter of A. W. and Mary £. Probert, a native
or un i-'raticisco, as?ed 1 day.
KOCCATAGI.IATA— In this city. July 5, 1896,
Victor, beloved brother of John, Joseph and
Frank Koccatagliata, a native of Italy, aged 33
years.
SCHU lACHER— In South San Francisco, July
5, 1896, Edward Henry Schumacher, dearly be-
loved and only son of Ferdinand and Karbarina
Schu raacher. and brother of Frelda Scbumaciier,
a native of San 1 rancisco, Cal., aged 7 months
and 10 days.
«S~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from the resi-
dence of bis parents, 1435 Fifth avenue South,
between J and X streets, South San Francisco,
imerment I. O. 0. F. Cemetery.
WALLENROD— In this city. July 4, 1896. George
V. Wallenroi, beloved husband of Mary, and
father of George Jr.. Leon, Mary and Annie
Wallenrod. a native of Germany, aaed 65 year*.
O" Friends and acquaintances and members of
Manzanila Tribe No. 4. Imp. O. R. M., and Ger-
mania Lodge No. 1718, K. of H., are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MOfiBO W
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from Fraternal
Hall. Alcizar Building. Intermeu: Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of a,
W. Uart|n & Co., 118 Goary stree:.
hficAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRKCTORS A EMBALMKES
30 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
1314
SALVATION ARMY
SHELTER IN ASHES,
Over a Score of Women
Left Homeless by Yes
terday's Fire.
WAS STARTED BY A BOMB
An Inmate's Baby Boy First
Saw the Flames and Gave
the Alarm.
HEAVY LOSS TO THE ARMY.
It Will Cost Over a Thousand Dollars
to Furnish a N w Home for
the Women.
The Salvation Army Womans 1 Shelter,
552 Stevenson street, was almost totally
destroyed by tin- yesterday afternoon.
Only four rooms on tne lower floor and
the front of tue building escaped tbe rav
ages of the flames. These remaining
rooms, however, although damp and
Salvation Army Woman's Shelter Which Was Almost Totally Destroyed by
Fire Yesterday Afternoon. The Cross Marks the Spot Where the Fire
Droke Out.
smoky, sheltered twelve homeless women
last night, but their usefulness is now
operand they will be razed within the
next few days.
"It was just as we had finished eating
our luncheon," said Captain Barry last
evening, "and were occupied in prayer,
when we were informed that the building
was in flames.
"Walter Clark, the 3-year-old son of
Mrs. CJarK, an inmate of the Shelter, had
been quite naughty during prayer. His
childish prattle disturbed our worship and
we sent him into the backyard to play.
He haa been gone but a few moments,
however, when he came running back into
the dining-room and lisped out, 'House
fire and mamma will burn; so will we all
burn.'
"At first we discredited the baby's state
ment, tliinking the little fellow had seen
the s-niokeof an exploding firecracker, but
on hurrying into the yard we found that
his alarm was well founded.
"On finding that the shelter was indeed
in flame", the old lady inmates became
greatly excited and as fast as possible
they deserted the building. I then ordered
an alarm turned in through box 65, corner
of Mission and Sixth streets. The depart
ment responded promptly, but as the fire
had gained quite a headway it took con
siderable time and thousands of gallons of
water to extinguish it.
"About $250 worth of furniture was de
stroyed, and the balance was so completely
saturated with -vater that it was with
difficulty that we made arrangements to
HEW TO-DAY.
H A Bottle on hand %
% A Dose in time M
X W/jS^ 19 more
j4^^^fme^£&^ than a remedy • 1
MgL for cramps or colic, JL
tg/Sr It possesses a re- m
jfir markable tonic power, 2
f^-^r beneficial to the highest II
mfcaf . degree. A true stimulant II
Km that gives permanent benefit m
2r to the . system without the V 9 ,
m slightest reaction. A correc- lr
m tive of all stomach troubles; a^J
I preventive of cold; a household \
I remedy that no home should be ■ |
I without. Be sure and get the . I
I genuine. Red label on every I
. I wrapper with this trade mark, ; m
ik -^iha^- y«|
•^'■\- FRED DROWN OC^^r
Jj /^^ Philadelphia. "^T. *A
accommodate the twelve women, who will
occupy the remaining rooms to-night.
There were twenty-two inmates and two
babies sheltered in the building, and as it
was impossible to accommodate all in the
undestroyed rooms, we procured outside
lodgings for ten of them. They will re
main in their new lodgings until we pro
cure another buildrng. It is impossible to
ascertain just how the fire started, but I
am inclined to believe that it was caused
by a bomb."
Tears dim the eyes of the inmates of the
charitable institution as they look upon
the ruins of their once comfortable home.
It had been the only home they had known
for many months, and it was pitiful to see
them look with sorrowful eyes at the
charred timbers and blackened embers.
They moved in ami out of the burned
rooms, over the unsteady floor, and poked
into the ashes in search of little relics
which they had long treasured and had at
last been taken from them. Their posses
sions were few before the fire, now they
have none and they are heartbroken.
Captain McFee, whose headquarters are
on Market street, near Seventh, searched
many hours yesterday afternoon and last
evening for a suitable house for the
woman's shelter. He failed to find one of
suitable size and rent, however, but will
continue his search to-day.
-We lost fully $1000 by to-day's fire,"
said Captain McFee last evening; -'that is,
it will cost that much to refurnish a new
building and again place the institution
on a solid basis. We need helo lrom the
charitably disposed, and I hope we will re
ceive assistance."
BELLBOYS LAID IN WAIT.
Eight From the Baldwin Looked for
Their Unfaithful Leader.
The bellboy strike at the Baldwin Hotel
Saturday night came near resulting in the
complete humiliation of the man that
planned it. After he had made all ar
rangements for the walkout he lost his
nerve and remained at his place.
The eight who actually quit work lin
gered until very late in the neighborhood
of the hotel in the hope of meeting their
unfaithful leader, but they did not catch
him.
A mother of one of the "boys" went to
the hotel yesterday to attempt to have her
son reinstated, though be himself refused
to return.
Twelve new men have been employed to
fill the, places of those that quit and of
the doorbovs that were released recently
in expectation of the introduction of the
extra work to be given the bellboy force.
All the bellboys are now working under
the regulations that maintained before the
strike.
One of the old men says that the men
who went out expected too good fare for
hotel keep. "The grub ain't any too good ;
it ain't the best in the market or what the
guests get, but it's a darn sight better
than the help get at any of the other big
hotels in town."
OUR COURTS IN DISGRACE
Subject of Dr. Case's Theme Lust Even
ing at the Howard Methodist
Church. •
Dr. W. W. Case preached at the Howard
street Methodist Church last evening on
the subject "Our Courts in Disgrace." In
his sermon he made pointed allusions to
the pugilistic encounter recently enacted
in Judge Campbell's courtroom and the
gnn-drawing scene in the Ashley trial on
Thursday last. In the course of his re
marks Dr. Case said :
"Our church teaches us not to speaK evil
of magistrates or ministers. It is a very
good piece of advice. We ought to rever
ence things which are worthy of reverence.
Ministers of justice and ministers of the
gospel ought to be above reproach. They
should .be persons possessed of tiuch
j characters as shall merit the confidence
and respect of the people among whom
they minister.
"It is folly to expect justice from the
unprincipled. Tlie Germans have a pro-
I verb that 'Justice has a waxen nose.'
Whether in this City it be wax or putty,
in some persons it is decidedly twisted, to
I say the least. Our judiciary is supposed
j to stand for the very highest ideal of
honor. Ministers of justice as well as
ministers of the gospel are «xpected to be
the conservators of the public peace and
I morals. Of all men a judge ought to have
the elements of true manhood, and possess
those qualities which command the re
spect oi honest and intelligent people.
"The disgraceful scene in Judge Slack's
I court a few days ago does an untold
I amount of injury to public morals, though
so far as we can se% he is not at all re
i sponsible for it and proposes to bring the
offenders to account. But who is to ar
j raign the pugilistic Judge and fine him
! for cuntempt?
"The fully of carrying firearms was
shown in the unfortunate scene in Judge
SlacK's court. 'Enter not into tempta
tion.' A deadly weapon in the pocket is a
menace to good order always and every
where. It is a temptation in the moment
of excitement which is too often yielded to
with mournful results.
"Let our prominent men who are every
day making public sentiment conscien
tiously refrain from all practices unworthy
of imitation by the imitative multitude,
and they will unconsciously but power
fully aid social improvement and leave
behind them something more lasting for
good than 'footprints in the sands of
time.' "
Borrow on sealskins, slues and jewels at Uncle
Burls', 15 Grant avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JTJLY 6, 1896.
TALKS WITH HER
DEAD HUSBAND,
The Hallucinations of Mrs.
Allie Gender, a
Widow.
SPELLS OF INSANITY.
She Wants to Join Her Husband
in the Spirit Land When
Under Them.
IS NOW IN A PADDED CFLL.
The Doctors at the Receiving Hos«
pita! Can See No Signs of In
sanity in Her.
The case of Mrs. Allie Gender, a widow
53 years of age, will form a subject for in
vestigation by the Insanity Commission
ers this morning.
She is in a padded cell in the Receiving
Hospital, charged with Insanity, but any
one who talks with her cannot see the
slightest sign of mental aberration in her
conduct or speech. Yet her friends say
she is crazy, and too dangerous to be at
large.
Twelve years ago her husband was killed
in a railroad accident He had an acci
dent polioy for $1500, and this sum was
paid to the widow, or rather to Albert
Shainwald, her brother-in-law, living at
207 Geary street, who was administrator of
her husband's estate.
The widow was left with three young
children, a boy and two girls. They were
put in a home and the mother worKed
hard to support herself and them. The
$1500 was placed on deposit in the San
Francisco Savings Union bank anri with
interest it has reached the sum of $2100. Of
this amount $300 has been withdrawn and
loaned to C. Petrie, a printer in Alame<la.
Mrs. Gender abont two years ago went
to live with her brother-in-law, but three
weeks ago she removed to 238 Bixtb street, i
where she engaeed a room. According to j
the landlady, Mrs. George, she showed ;
symptoms of insanity shortly after being j
in her house and on Saturday she became I
violent and threatened to take her life, so
Dr. Bohm was sent, for and he ordered
tbat she be sent to the Receiving Hospital.
Her chief hallucination is that her hus
band's spirit Is constantly with her.
When walking on the street she imagined
that he was beside her and she would con- j
verse with him as if he were in the flesh.
At night she would alarm every one in
the house by going from room to room
searching for her husband and when she
could not lind him she became violent and
had to be placed under restraint.
When she became calm she would talk
rationally and say she wanted to join her j
husband in the spirit land and if the
money was only divided among her chil
dren she would soon be with him.
The oldest, a young man 23 years of age,
is in Mendocino County, where he has
bought some Government land. One of
the girls is married and the other is a
servant with a family on Union street.
Apparently the money is not to be di
vided till the youngest, who is now 20
years of ace, attains the ace of 21.
Speaking of her arrest Mrs. Gender said
yesterday: "I think it is all a joke to
keep me here. I was in my room yester
day when two men wearing'blue uniforms
came and asked me to put on my shoes
anri come with them. Then they put me
in a patrol wagon and brought me here.
Eut I don't know why. lam not crazy
and I cannot see why I should be kept
here."
The doctors at the hospital who have
conversed with her say that she does not
exhibit the slightest symptoms of in
sanity, but the landlord and landlady of
the lodging-house at 238 Sixth street, Dr.
Bohm and others say that she has spells
and when under them she is violently
insane.
SOME BABIES IN THE ZOO,
The Elk and the Buffalo Fami
lies Each Have an
Increase.
Crowds at Sutrovilie by the Sea— A
Venetian Carnival — Two Scenic
Railways— Fall From a Tra n.
The family in the "Zoo" in Golden Gate
Park is increasing. About ten days ago
a baby elk made its appearance in the
deer park, the first one borr* there, and
yesterday morning another one came.
Within an hour after that the family in
the buffalo paddock was increased by one.
The new arrivals were concealed by their
parents in the brush and several days will
elapse before the youngsters will come
out from under cover to be gazed at by
those who delight in looking at the ani
mals and feeding them.
The only work of importance being done
in the park ai this time \a on the bicycle
track. Wlien that is finished the wheel
men will be required to ride upon it.
To-day carpenters will commence put
ting up the partitions in the annex to the
museum, and workmen wili place in posi
tion the marble arch which will be the en
trance to the room in which the minerals
are to be displayed. This is the arch
which was at the Midwinter Fair, and
which was originally erected at th* min
eral exhibit at the Columbian Exposition
in Chicago.
J. L. Bardwell has donated a carved
wooden mask, the work of Hirazunia, a
noted Japanese wood-carver; the head of
• seal and some antique pottery from
South America. W. D. Wooster has do
nated a very rare specimen of the owl
family.
On the Fourth more than 5000 persons
visited the museum.
The weather was not very clear yester
day, still there were a great number of
people at "Sutrovilie by the Sea" to watch
the many attractions, including the per
formance of a tight-rope walker, who
mane a successful trip in spite of the
heavy wind that was blowing.
Many within the baths were delighted
with the exhibition designated as "the
water carnival." There were a number of
barges and gondola?, bright in colors and
tinsel and filled with young women and
men in the picturesque costumes of
Venice, and when they were all in line in
tow of a small steam launch they pre
sented a pretty sight.
The first was a guard boat with a herald
which announced the approach of the
Doge and Duchess, and then came a shell
float representing the Venetian conception
of music. At the fore was an immense
swan, harnessed with riboons,
held by Master Chria Rove, who imper
sonated Cupid and was seated on a high
pedestal. In the center of the shell sat
Miss Grace Gay. a pretty .' blonde who im
personted the goddess of music, attired. in
flowing white robes and holding i a lyre.
The music was furnished by the band that
occupied seats in the rear of the shell.;
_ The carnival was also given in ihe even
ing, and will be repeated to-morrow after
noon and evening in honor of the conquest
of California. In ti e evening ii will be
presented with electrical effects in color.
The new scenic railway at "Sutroville by
the sea" was tested on the Fourth and it
was in' operation for an hour, but, owing
to the slackness of the cable used to ascend
the grades, it was decided to discontinue
the working of it until next Saturday, and
in the meantime s the ; fault will be reme
died.
At the Haight-street grounds there was
a great crowd attracted by the many at
tractions. The performance of the Fourth
was repeated in the Casino in the presence
of a large audience. The haunted swing
proved a novelty. to many, and, above all,
the scenic railway, which was started on
the Fourth, did a rushing business. The
cars travel over a distance of 3600 feet up
(trade and down grade, around curves and
through a 600-foot tunnel, with a. rapidity
that is charming, but a little trying on the
nerves of timid people. •
During the afternoon a man named Wil
son, residing at 32 Sixth street, a passen
ger on the coast line of steam cars, while
the train was moving toward the Cliff, had
cis hat blown from bis head. He jumped
from the moving train to recover it, but in
so doing fell, and when "Fatty" Kahn,
the well-known swimmer, who sprang to
the ground, went to his assistance he
found him unconscious and bleeding from
several wounds of the fare. Kahn restored
him to consciousness and then dressed his
injuries, after which he sent him to his
home.
There are a number of swimmers who
are practicing in the surf inside of the
Seal Rocks preparatory to an ocean swim
ming race. . ■
AN UNLOOKED-FOR DEATH
George Wailenrod's Friends Can
Scarcely Realize His
Suicide.
Some of His Old Associates Speak of
Him and a Desire to Help
His Widow.
The death of George Wallenrod in such
a tragic manner, coming so unexpectedly,
has thrown all his friends in this City, and
they are many, into sad thoughts as to
what could have caused "the old man," as
he was familiarly called, to tafce his life.
Jovial and bright at all times, even in
the face of crucial tests in business affairs,
he took the optimistic side of life, philo
sophically smiling at rebuffs and invitine
every one to celebrate events if they were
propitious.
That he should have gone down into a
dimly lighted cellar and blown his brains
out passes the comprehension of the peo
ple with whom be associated for years.
"I can't understand it in the least," was
the statement from Robert White, who,
for many seasons, filled the box-office at
tbe Alcazar.
''The old man was not the kind to com
mit suicide, so far as I could see his
nature. I have seen him when money
poured in almost faster than we could
count it, and, again, 1 have seen him when
he was a $6000 loser in two weeks. It was
all the same apparently, so far as his
actions indicated any feeling In the matter.
"He used to come in and ask me: 'Bob,
how's she coming?' I would answer
'Rotten,' and be would nod his bead, say
ing: 'AH right; she'll come better after
a while.' Then we would have a drink
and that was all. Care seemed to pass
away from him like water off a duck's
back."
L. R. Stockwell, one of the merriest of
comedians, stepped on the sta c of the
California Theater last night with a heavy
heart. Betier than auy man in the pro
fession he knew Wallenrod. Whether
agreeing ia business matters or not it was
always the same with these two old-time J
friends. They had been associated for
years when the Alcazar first opened, and
they coined money together at that time.
Their success in theatricals led them to
venture into speculation on the stock
market, and it was there that they both
lost all their accumulations of years and
more too. Stockwell quit the marnet and
went back to the stage, while Wallenrod
ceased his managerial career and stuck to
the mining market.
Alf Ellinghouse, who is managing the
California Theater at the present time,
knew George Wallenrod as well as any one.
For years he was in Wailenrod's employ,
and was a friendly adviser. In speaking
of the old gentleman's death last evening,
he expressed great sorrow, saying:
"There is nothing that I could that I
wouldn't do for his widow. If her husband
was improvident and speculated, it was
always that he hoped to make more.
More meant that his wife and children
would be better provided for and his purse
would be wider open to his friends. I
know he dealt in stocks, and he was not
unsuccessful for a time, but, I suppose,
like so many others who have gone before
him, the day of reverse must have come.
"However, I do not see how he could
have delved very heavily of late. His posi
tion as agent of the Alcazar building
hardly gave him much more than a living
income, say $80 or $100 per month. He
may have had other means I do not know
of with which to speculate. But, leaving
all this aside, I did not think that Wallen
rod would take his own life. He was a
big-hearted, good, jovial man. Full of
charity for others, he stood on his own
basis and askfd no favors. 1 think that
the theatrical profession could do worse
than to meet and do for his widow some
thing in return for the many good things
he did for them. lam willing."
George Wallenrod was a member in
good standing oi a dozen fraternal organi
zations, principal amon£ which are the
Elks and the Theatrical Mechanics' Asso
ciation. These organizations will decide
to-day in regard to tbe funeral services.
In the meantime the body lies at the
undertaking parlors of Porter & Co., on
Eddy street. No autopsy, but an inquest
will be hell by the Coroner this morning.
In the Capitol Rotunda.
The unprecedented distinction wh'ch
awaits Mr. Cieveland is that his portrait
and figure are to appear in the great
frieze of the rotunda of the Capitol. Sen
ator Hansbrough and bis committee on
library have decided to finish out the
frieze, on which work was stopped seven
years ago, by adopting for the vacant pan
els these tnree historic scenes: (1) the
discovery of gold in California; (2) the
driving of the last spike in the trans
continental railway; (3) the formal
opening of the Columbian Expo
sition at Chicago by President
Cleveland. Sketches of three scenes
have been made by the artist C'ostagginni,
aud in a few days these sketches will be on
exhibition in the marble room of the Sen
ate. Probably they will create a good deal
of a sensation. The Democratic ana Popu
listic Senators who hate Mr. Cleveland so
intensely are expected to put in a vigorous
protest against painting the face and hgure
of the President in the great frieze, there
to remain as long as the Republic stands.
The idea is repugnant to them, and a few
of them wiio have heard of the plan have
sworn to kick up such a row as never be
fore seen in the Capitol. According to their
notion it would be an eternal disgrace to
the United States to put the President up
there among the saints and heroes of the
Republic. — Washington correspondent of
the Chicago Times- Herald.
— •- — ♦ •
Fire members, including Mr. Chamber
lain, of the House of Commons have been
married three times.
THEY ARE ALL
SO VERY OLD,
Members of the Police
Force Slated to Be
Pensioned.
I. W. LEES AMONG THEM.
The Board of Police Commis
sioners Will Meet This
Morning.
IT'S THEIR ANNUAL REUNION.
Detective Bohen, Captain Dunleavy,
Sergeants Shi< Ids and Lindheimer
in Doubt.
This is the morning when the Board of
Police Commissioners must in compliance
with the law, meet as a Board oi Pension
Commissioners.
The duties of the two boards are vastly
different. The same triumvirate reigns
supreme in both cases; but, in one, it
whips the police department into line
and penalizes the club wielders for their
shortcomings, or in aggravated cases, dis
misses them from the force. In the other,
the czars of the department hold a sort of
anti-mortem meeting in which they de
cide upon tha members of the force who
have outlived their usefulness.
They do not tell them so when they
reach a decision, but those whose posi
tions are wanted generally find it out and
resign. It looks much better that way
than to be dropped from the roll, and
those members of the force who have
served for twenty years consecutively are
entitled to half pay of the grade they were
in at the time of the resignation until —
well, until death.
The meeting of the czars this morning
has more significance than the usual quar
terly reunions.
Last year at this time — the first Monday
in July — the Police Commissioners de
cided that new blood must be infused
into the force. Captain Wittman, the ris
ing Napoleon of them all, had shown ex
ecutive ability entitling him, according to
Commissioner Alvord, to a better rank
than sergeant. In the six years it took
him to master the grades from patrolman
up, he had shown the public and his su
periors he was the intellectual and execu
tive master of the set around him.
Captain Douplass was thouehtof as a
man who had done noble service for over
thiriy-five years. He was obi, nearly
three score and ten, about time he should
retire and indirectly he was given until
July 29, 1895, to do so. It was not com
pulsory, however, and the captain, who
had been quite ill for some time but who
felt strong and vigorous once more, did
not accept the invitation. On the follow
ing meeting day of the Commissioners he
was dropped from the roll on $75 monthly
salary so long as he lives.
At the same time Captain Douglass
made way for Captain Wittmnn, Captains
Stone, Short and Cullen were given a tip
to resign. All did it but Captain Cullen
who, for some thirty years, had been of
ficiating as property clerk. His position
was a hard one to fill, hence the czars
contented themselves with the resigna
tions of Stone and Short, Sergeant Corhn
and Patrolmen Gallagher and Asher. In
the meantime Sergeant James Moran was
instructed to make himself familiar with
the duties of the property clerk's office in
case his services were needed as its chief.
Thi? was no difficult task for Moran, but
the czars did not find it necessary to dis
place Captain Cullen just then, giving him
another year in which to retire. The poor
old man d'ed a week aeo and Moran was
on Friday night last appointed his
successor.
When all the resignations and dropping
from the roll alluded to here occurred
Commissioners lobin and Alvord as well
as Mr. Gunst, who was then quite young
in office, but who had done much to infuse
the new blood in the department, stated
that in another year more changes would
be made.
There are some dozen or more eligibles
for the nension list. They do not like to ac
knowledge it, but the stern face remains
that they have passed the age of 60 years
and they have been faithful and hard
workers for the public benefit for twenty
years and more. They do not want to be
retired, however. As a rule they have
saved up little or nothing of their earnings
and their families have increased. The
idea of havlne to be idle henceforth, and,
worse still, to be idle on half pay, does not
sit well upon them.
These eligible* know they are listed to
make way for "pew blood," and th°y do
not like it a little bit. Their names were
mentioned lost year, wlien another year's
grace was accorded them. Now, as strong
in their claim as they have ever been that
no younger man can do any better than
they, they look with dread upon this morn
ing's meeting of the czars.
"Will it of will it not?" is the thought
as to the coming of the tip to resigu in the
minds of the old-timers.
Captain Lees is among them, too. That
old veteran, whose personal fortune makes
him care as little for his half pension as he
does for the whereabouts of Dunham and
Blanther, is as strong and bright mentally
as he was forty y°ars aco when he first
joined the force. His whole life, you
micht say, has been devoted to the chas
inc of criminal?, and he does not propose
to move down and out to make room for
"new blood."
Something more than a tip will be
necessary. In his case, however, as in
that of Dectective Arnop Bainbrilge, it
would be hard to find a successor of equal
merit. Hence, it is not likely the tip will
be given. But if it isn't to-day, it will be
to-morrow or the next day that Sergeants
Lindheimer, Shields. Con Martin, Brown
and Hotaling, Detective Bohen and Cap
tain Dunleavv will hear the wires tap.
They are all so old.
HARLEY FRY BURIED.
He Was a Prominent Member of the
Klka, by Whom the Funeral
Was Conducted.
Harley Fry was buried on the Fourth at
Mountain View Cemetery under the aus
pices of San Luis Obispo Lodge No. 122, B.
P. O. Elk?, represented by a committee
from Oakland Lodge No. 171, who had
charge of the funeral. The deceased, al
though a young man, enjoyed the esteem
and confidence of the community in which
he lived, having held the responsible posi
tion of traveling auditor for the Pacific
Coast Railroad Company and the Oregon
Improvement Company, the duties of
which he fulfilled with marked ability
until taken down with the illness which
terminated in his death.
He w»» 26 years of ape, a member of
San Luis Orispo Lodge, No. 122, B. P. O.
E. , and Rio Grand Lodge of Masons,
who join in sympathy with his family in
their sad bereavement.
The funeral services were held at the
Church of the Seventh Day Adventists,
whence the remains were escorted to
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
DOMESTIC
DEPARTMENT!
SPECIAL SALE
OF
FINE LUCE CURTAINS ?
On to-morrow and following days we will
offer a SPECIAL PURCHASE OF 2000
PAIRS FINE NOTTINGHAM LACE CUR-
TAINS at about ONE-HALF FORMER
PRICES.
The attention of housekeepers generally
is directed to this sale. These Curtains are
fresh, NEW GOODS. They come in both
Ecru and White, and are all this season's
designs. They were purchased by us at the
closing out sale of a large CURTAIN MANU-
FACTURER.
NOTE. — In connection with the above
sale of Curtains we will offer 100 pairs
FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
Price $3.00 a Pair.
ANTICIPATE YOUR WANTS.
ill, 113, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
the beautiful Elks' Rest, in Mountain
View Cemetery.
Among the many floral tributes was an
elegant pyramid witii abeautiful design of
an elk's head worked in violets on a ground
oi immortelles, presented by San Luis
Obispo Lodge. Oakland Lodge presented
an elegant flora; pillow. Tlie following
officers of Oakland Lodge acted as pall
bearers: Exalted Ruler A. T. MoDonough,
Esteemed Leading Knight H. N. Sloper,
Esteemed Lecturine Knight J. Seulberger.
Treasurer \V. W. Land on, Trustee O.
Bemis, Chairman of the Visitine Commit
tee T. Mulvaney.
AMBITIOUS YOUNG JAPS,
They Are Now Anxious to Join
the National Guard of
California.
Success in the Parade Inspires a De
sire for Something More Than
Cherry B ossoms.
The ambitious little brown men who cut
such a swell figure in the National cele
bration on Saturday last are not satisfied
with the laurels earned on that occasion.
They simply had a taste of genuine Amer
ican patriotism, and now they long for a
closer bond.
In brief, the Mikado's subjects, or,
rather, those marching in the parade, are
anxious to join the National Guard of
California. How to go about it, pre
suming they are eligible, is what troubles
them. If the thing can be done, however,
it will not be long before the first Amer
ican Japanese military will be ushered
into existence.
' Tbe Japanese club was organized about
two years ago for social purposes only.
As it grew in strength, however, the war
spirit developed, with the result that the
men were instructed ir. the different niove
ments. The club now numbers hf;y mem
bers, the military end being under the
command of S. Yaraato. There was some
little friction with the .fourth of July com
mittee as to how the club should appear
in the parade. Several loyal members in
sisted on carrying Japanese flags along
with the red, white and blue. TheAsahi
band at first refused to play unless this
concession was granted.
Finally, however, everything was ar
ranged satisfactorily, and now tbe gallant,
wane-suited J ps wait v o become genuine
American soldiers. Th eyare anxious to
trade the pretty white duct suits and
sprigs ot cUerry blossoms for regulation
uniforms and guns that will shoot.
Commander Yamato has as yet taken
no steps toward accomplishing the end
desired, but during the coming week will
enter into correspondence with Governor
Budd. In the meantime the Japanese
club meets nightly at 418 Post street and
Upton's military tactics are taken in doses
to suit the size of the room and the capacity
of the aspirants for National Guard honors
The gilding in the throneroom of the
Sultan of Constantinople is umqualed by
any other building in Europe, and from
the ceiling hangs a superb Venetian chan
delier, the 200 lights of which make.
gleam like that of a veritable sun A*
each of the four corners of the room tall
candelabra in baccarat glass are placed
red velvet, and having arms and back of
pure gold. O1
When Baby was sick, we ga-e her Castoria.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
Whea 6he had Children, she gave them Castoria,
As a painstaking druggist
prepares a prescription with
care and exactness and in-
telligence so we buy and
prepare foods that will keep
you well.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday— Tuesday — Wednesday
Lazeran boneless sardines
tin 20c
regularly 26c.
From France. Best.
Tea..... ...35c, 3 lbs $1 00
New blend )Eng. breakfast
Ningcho'w Congou) all blact.
•'. . . . Family mixed, green and black,
regularly 60c.
Cherries in maraschino
'..' bot 65c
regularly 90c 2 bots $1 25
A dainty, French sweetmeat.
Chutney s . . ... . .quarts 50c
, regularly 75c
Hot weather relish introduced by
English officers from India.
Paraffine.. .......... lb ioc
regularly 15c
used on fruit preserves to keep
• mold off.
Port and Sherry. ... bot 35c
regularly 50c.. 7 ... . . . . 3 bots $1 00
Choicest Californian wines.
Glace Pineapple. .... lb 35c
regularly 50c
To mix with summer drinks.
Trial packets all kinds of
Tea...... ...... ...'.l6c
July catalogue ready, free*
Fort
H Fine Tailoring
3yF Perfect Fit. Best of Workmanship at
>jgsgV^ Moderate Pi ices, go to
tFine Tailoring
Perfect Fit. Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to
JOE POHEIM
THE TAILOR.
■/V H '; PANTS made to order from $4.01
i I SUITS made to order from $i 5.00
H i MY $17.50 and $36 SUITS
- >4/\i|^ 201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bus!
324 Market St 1110 & 1112 Market $t
'■ SAN FRANCISCO.