VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 175.
WEYLER'S FORCES
ON THE RETREAT
Spaniards in Havana Very
Indignant Over the
Failure.
Maceo's Army Divided Into
Small Bands to Harass
the Enemy.
" Inability of the Bu cher Captain
' General to Suppress the Island
Insurrection.
KEY WEST, Fla.., Nov. 2L—Passen
* gers who arrived from Havana reported
.hat it is reported that Weyier has failed
in his campaign against Maceo. Though
no accurate data are obtainable as to the
latter's movements all reports agree tha:
lie has divided his force into small bands
■ who harass the Spanish troops, but fight
no pitched battles.
Weyler's marches have bdten painful,
and his soldiers have suffered great hard
ships. In consequence, 1300 soldiers have
been sent to Candelaria sick. Most of
Weyler's staff are sick and returning to
Havana. He is also falling back, and will
.establish headquarters near Artemisia at
the estate Pillar, which he claims is a bet
ter base of operations.
The Spaniards in Havana are indignant
at Weyler's Inability to crush the insur
rection in Pinar del Rio, and mutterings
' are heard. General Pandor, who is com
ing with re-enforcements, is indicated as
Weyler's probable successor.
All are despondent in Havana, and con
sider tbe outlook gloomy. At the meet
ing to take Dart in the popular loan of
Epain no spirit was shown. All hei : back,
and only through the nre-sure of the civil
government was $55,(300 raised as a free
gift to Spain. Not a cent has been added
' since. Luciano Ruise, a prominent hanker,
and Senor Quesada, Mayor of the city, left
the meeting without contributing to the
fund.
Rebels in other sections of the island
continue active. It is said that the im
portant town of Victoria de las Lunas, in
Santiago province, is besieeed by a strong
force of insurgents. The train starting
from Carsenas yesterday was obliged to
return on account of the masses of rebels
stretched across the line. They belong to
the command of General Gomez.
mx is * - r-M, 1 jif .o vrx.
.Httt ' ay a' thu Belligerency of Cuban*
Should Be ItreognixedZ
CHICAGO. 111., Nov. 21.— Congressman
Robert R. Hitt, chairman of the House
Committee on Foreign Relations *nd a
candidate for the Senate to succeed Sena
tor Palmer, is at the Great Northern.
When asked what action be believed the
United States Government should take in
regard to the Cubans' struggle for inde
pendence Mr. Hitt said:
"Our duty to the Cubans is a practical
and pressing one. Our Government should
act at once, recognizing the belligerency
of a people carryine on so extensive a war.
They have fought great armies for a year
and a half with success. The Spanish
people have really been on the defensive
most of the time, ana have lost all oi'tue
island except the fortified places and the
lines they actually occupy. The Cubans
are truly belligerents. Such action on
the part of our country would be of great
advantage to them. Recognition of bel
ligerent rights is due under the practices
of general international law and practice
of the United States Government. We
refuse to see that they are belligerent
enough to dely and defeat 150,000 Spanisn
troops. This is not a question of sympa
thy, but of plain, pressing duty, that
should be performed immediately. Tlie
Nation, through Congress, has spoken.
There is no need to fear a war. The en
lightened opinion of the world expects
such action on the part of our Republic
and will approve it."
IN THE CAUSE OF CUBA.
BU Louis CiUtenw Hem and That the
I'atriot* Br ItrcojniTrd.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Nov. 21.— The cause of
Cuba Libre rece : ?d a noisy impetus here
to-night at a mass-meeting in the City
Hall.
The attendance was large and the en
thusiasm high. City Comptroller Sturgeon
occupied the chair, and in his opening
address referred to a similar meeting over
which he presided on August 26, 1851, to
advance the cause of Cuba. Lieutenant-
Gorernor O'Meara made a stirring speech.
Resolutions were passed demanding
that the Cubans be recognized as beLiner
ents, pledging material support and de
nouncing the brutality of the Spanish
soldiers.
A permanent organization was effected
and correspondence invited from similar
bodies in other cities.
A branch of the Spanish Patriotic
L-aue was formed in this city to-day.
The leapue was organized in the City of
Mexico six months ago and has spread to
every large city in the Western Hemi
sphere. The purpose of the league, as an
nounced in circulars issued, is to subscribe
a fund of $50,000,000 to rehabilitate the
Spanish navy.
AS TO FRANCE AND RUSSIA.
n the Chamber of Deputies Minister
Hanoiaux Explains the Relations
of the Two Nations.
PARIS, Fbance, Not. 21.— 1n the Cham ;
ber of Deputies to-day M. MUleraud, So
cialist, asked the Government to explain
the nature of tne understanding between
France and Russia.
M. Hanotaux, Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, amid great applause, which was re
newed as he concluded, read a declaration
settingr forth that the Cabinets of France
for several years pa~t had each followed
the sume line toward Russia, the effect of
which had been observed upon the re
cent visit of the Czar, which visit had re
sulted in cordiality which the whole world
had felt.
A. aolemu act, he ,«aid, had been accom
The San Francisco Call
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 22, 1896— TWENTY-EIGHT PAGES.
plisbed throneh the affectionate meeting
of a great sovereign and a great people.
After enlarging upon the enthusiasm o:
the 1 zar over the fetes given in his honor
M. Hanotaux said:
"I can only r^plv to M. Milleraud by
recalling the precise concerted terms ex
pressed by the Czar and the President of
the republic at Cherbourg before the
naval officers; at Paiis before the repre
sentatives of the Government, and at
Chalons before the military chiefs. The
Chamber will appreciate the fact tnat duty
imposes upon me the obligation to say
nothing more concerning the entente up
on wuich nobody now dreams of casting
any doubt."
MISERY SUPREME IN INDIA.
Missionaries Write About the Havoc
Wrougnt by the Famine and
the Plague.
BOSTON, Mass , Nov. 2L— Tlie Ameri
can Board of Foreign Missions has re
ceived tue following letter from Rev. R. A.
Hume, D. D., dated at Abmednagar, India,
October 16, 1896:
"I am just enterine upon my twenty
third year of missionary service in India.
In these years I have been through many
perplexities, but the end of the twenty
second year finds me in greater pecuniary
embarrassment than ever before in my
life. Many is the day that there is not a
dollar jn the house for the personal ex
penses or for old, established, fruitful
work, or for our theological seminary, nor
any idea of where a dollar is to come from.
And in the twenty-third year there seems
the almost certain prospect of the Keenest
and most trying suffering and perplexity,
caused by widespread famine.
"The Indian weather bureau foretold an
inadeaate rainy season this year. The re
sult is as foretold. From the Himalayas
to Cape Comonn the rainy season has been
inadequate. In this (Ahraednagar dis
trict) the early rain in June and July was
good. But since July there has been no
rain, and now the prospect is for eight
months more no rain will fall. In conse
quence the first crops have not properly
ripened, and for want of later rains the
second crops cannot be even sowed in most
places unless there are wells to be de
pendel on. Even the water supply is
now low. What will it be a few months
hence?
"I have been through one famine in In
dia and the recollection of it is most sad.
But that was not a general so much as a
comparatively local famine. The coming
famine seems likely to be very general for
nearly the whole population, with its
300,000,000 people. Already grain riots are
commencing. Grain merchants will no
sell grain largely because they know the
price will greatly increase, though even
now prices are 300 per cent above normal.
So people break open grain shops and
granaries and threaten to kill the mer
cnants if they interfere. They say: 'We
shall have soon to die without doubt. If
you interfere with our getting our bread
and we kill you in tne struggle it will be
all the same.'
"Similarly these people say to the po
lice and courts: 'Arrest us stealing and
support us in jail. Then we shall not die
irom starvation.' Wnen quiet, orderly
people are aroused to such acts and words
you can imagine their present conditi n.
But this is only the beginning of our
troubles.
"N more rain seems likely to fall for
eight full months, no seed can be sown for
eii:ht and a half months, and no grain
ripened for over ten months. What fear
ful suffering seems to be in store! Al
ready iv some places parents are deserting
ihcr children. In some places cattle are
being sold for the value of their hides. In
many places farmers forcibly drive their
cattle into lorest reserves and say to for
est officers: 'You may put these cattle
into pounds; tden they will at least get
fed, but we shall not regard forest regula
tions.'
"Yesterday morning near the gate of
Ahmednagar a cart with grain was stopped
by hungry men, who held the driver tili
some of them had carried off the grain.
For two days my servants tried in vain to
buy 50 cents' worth of grain for use. If
they do this thins in the green tree, what
shall be done in the dry? The early part
of October is theoretically a part of the
rainy season; in ordinary years our water
supply is most abundant now and the
crops are at their best."
The Rev. Edward Hume writes from
Bombay und r date of October 10:
"You have doubtless heard through the
papers that Bombay is Buffering from tne
pla ue. Yisitrday's report shows that
during the past week there have been
nearly 800 deaths, or 50 per cent above the
normal for this time of the year. This
excess is due to the presence of the plague,
which the doctors technically call 'bubonic
fever.' The sy^mptoras are swelling on
the neck, in the armpits and groin*, ac
companied by fever and vomiting, and the
patients present a very noticeably sad and
demented appearance. In one case which
has been reported death took place after
an illness of twenty-two hours, but in
most cases the patients linger on ior two
or three days. At first the mortality was
very hieh, but the authorities assure us
that not more than 60 per cent of the cases
are fatal. Even exDerts cannot tell us
w ence the disease came nor what the
cause."
POPE LEO REPORTED DYING.
But Cardinal Vaughn Declares That the
Rumors Are Without the
SlighieSi. Foundation.
LONDON. Eng., Nov. 21— The Rock, an
Evangelical Church of En K land paper, re
ports that the Pope is dying and that in
consequence the holding of the consis
tories lixed for near dates are likely to be
postponed.
Cardinal Vaughn, Archbishop of West
minster, declares that the rumors regard
ing the Pope are entirely baseless and
that the report of his being in a dying
condition is simply the recurrence of a
rumor that is periodically put into circu
lation.
TRACING ARBUCKLE'S MOVEMENTS
Detectives Follow a Clew That the
Wealthy Coloradan Was Robbed
and Murderea.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 21.-The four
prisoners in tha Ar buckle case were
brought to Ihe Harem court this mcrn
int'. Central Office Detective Vallely nas
traced Arbuckie to the St. Charles Hotel
on Sixth avenue aud Forty- ourth street,
which place tie left at 1:10 o'clock Thurs
day morn r.g, taking the elevate i railroad
train to Harlem. At that time he had a
After Democratic Roosters for Three Years an Old-Fashioned Republican
Turkey Will Go Well.
watch, jewelry and money. He was found
dying in Harlem an hour and% half later.
Captain O'Brien informed a representa
tive of the United Associated Presses to
day that his men were more confused* at
the outstart by the statement that a man
who was presumed to be Mr. Arbuckie
had been drinking in the Casino about 10
o'clock Wednesday evening. This was
proved fnl*e when tne detectives found
that Arbuckie was at a late hour in a
saloon on Fourteenth street and had been
drinking in the earlier part of the even
ing. The police found that he was at the
St. Charles Hotel in the evenine and left
thereabout 1 o'clock on Thursday morn
ing. The ticket-chopper on thp Sixtli
avenue Elevated Railroad at Forty-second
street station bap informed the police that
he remembered a weil-dressed man who
answered Mr.' Arbuckle's description in
"THE ABLEST CONDUCTED AND CLEANEST DAILY JOURNAL"
In the dignified discussions of the various subjects of public interest Town Talk has at times
differed with THE Call, and criticized its opinions in what may have been considered very severe
terms. But these little affairs only add spice to journalistic life, and do not reflect in the least
upon the personal character or business ability of the journalists themselves. Town Talk knows,
as does every intelligent citizen in this City and State, that the present proprietor of THE Call,
and the gentlemen who are alleged to be its backers, are men of unquestioned honor, who have
contributed largely to the commercial advancement of California ; and we consider THE CALL to
be the ablest conducted and cleanest daily journal published in San Francisco. The general public
also realize this, and it is no doubt this fact that causes a jealous fire to singe the hearts of its con
temporaries, and prompts the publication of false statements concerning its future course and recent
changes that were made in its several departments.
It is not denied that in accordance with its wise and prudent business methods, THE CALL
has, since the rush and excitement of the recent political campaign have subsided, been overhauling
its offices and reorganizing its staff for the work of another year Such a course is essential now
and then to the permanent success of all great newspapers, and it is a well-known fact that the
Chronicle and Examiner— more particularly the latter— have repeatedly found this necessary. But
this does not seem to have prevented the last-named journals from indulging in some harsh criticisms
of Mr. Shortridge, and to set afloat malicious rumors regarding THE CALL'S future, with the evident
hope tnat they could injure that journal in the public mind. Aside from the fact that such mean
ness in journalism is despicable, it is also ineffectual for the reason that the real test of merit in a
newspaper is what it contains. Upon this point THE Call is safe from the effect of idle rumors
and adverse criticism. It gives the news. It speaks boldly and clearly upon the issues of the day.
It treats discordant interests fairly. It blackmails nobody. It reflects the decencies and proprieties
of daily journalism. Its internal business affairs and arrangements are the proper concern of nobody
but its owners and are matters of no real interest to the reading public.
During the past two years THE Call has made wonderful strides in the race with its rivals
for both business and news, and as the mounting outlines of its new home cast daily a longer
shadow up and dowm Market street, it is not surprising that newspapers which happen to fall within
that shadow should make attempts to retard its increase and shadow the growing influence and
success of their popular contemporary. Town Talk may continue to entertain contrary opinions
to those expressed by Mr. Charles Shortridge, but it congratulates him and San Francisco upon his
success, and we expect to always have only words of praise to say of his excellent journal.
The public will see from the above article the estimate in which THE Call and its proprietor
are held by one of the leading literary weeklies of the City. This estimate we do not doubt will
be indorsed by the better element of the people, which is ably represented by Town Talk. THE
Call has ever been free from fakes and vile sensations of all kinds. It has never been suspected
even of blackmail. Its reputation like its character is clean and above reproach. It is the intention
to keeD it so. — Editor of The Call.
every respeot had come out on the platf
orm and taken a train for Harlem at 1 : 10
a. m. The ticket-chopper said he was
positive Arbuckie had his watch and chain
then. He was intoxicated, but not help
lessly so. The train which Arbuckie
boarded at Forty-second street should
have reached the terminus of the road at
1:60 a. m. It was 2:45 o'clock when a
policeman fouud his body. This would
leave the interval of r.n hour during
which his movements hare not been
traced. The hearing in ihe contempt case
against Lawyer Friend, counsel for the
men arreated in t c Arbuckie case, has
been set down for Saturday, December 5.
SUICIDE OF A GENERALISTE
Being Out of Work ■ and r Destitute .;■ Ma
- ".« • . Inhnl**' fiat. . .  r.i
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Nov. 21.-Pen
i nel C. Higgins, aged 45 years, a brother of
ex- United States Senator Anthony Hig
gins cf Delaware, also a brother of John
j C. Higsins, the regular Republican candi
j date for Governor in Delaware at ihe late
| election, committed suicide to-day by in
j haling illuminating gas at his bonrding
j house, 405 South Eighth street. Mr. Hig
j gins was a well-known newspaper man,
his last engagement being on the local
siaff of the Philadelphia Press. Two weeks
| ago he lost his position and, being with
' out funds and in arrears at his boarding
house, he ended his life. He was unmar
ried.
mind a Lynching /• Probable.
LIBERTY, Mo., Nov. 22.— The Coro
ner's jury investigation into the murder
of Mrs. Betty Foley and her daughter on
their farm near here on Tuesday last re
turned their verdict this (Sunday) morn
ing, and at 1 o'clock William Foley wus
arrested charged with the murder of tin
mother and sister. Excitement is in
tense and a lynching is probable Of
fibers will attempt to take him to Kansas
City this morning.
SENATOR ELK INS' DENIAL.
Says He R fused fo Have Any Connection,
Fraudulent or Otherwise, With the
Harrison Company.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 21.— United
States Senator Stephen B. Elkins, when
seen to-night at his office in this city,
made a statement in regard to the charges
of fraud and misappropriation of funds of
the Harrison International Telephone
Company by the directors and stockhold
ers o: the company. He said:
"I know nothing wnatsoever about a
suit whicn is said to have been Wrought
for a receiver for the Harrison In erna
national Company, nor do I know any
thing about matters appertaining to that
company.
"At the earnest request of George R.
Peck, general counsel of the St. Paul Rail
way, and many of my Western friends, I
agreed in 1595, providing that the com
pany reduce the stock to $3 000,000 or
$4,000,000 and move their office-, to New
York, to become the president and di
rector of the company. I was notified at
the time that I would be given a certain
amount of stock in the company for my
services. This offer I absolutely re
fused. I have never attended a meeting
of tbe directors or stockholders of the
company, either by proxy or otherwise,
and have never received one penny's
worth from them.
"From the newspapers that I read here
I have seen no allegations of fraud made
against me, but do not know what stories
the Western papers may have printed. I
have instructed my lawyer in Chicago to
look into the matter and upon his report,
providing the occasion warrants it, I will
make a more complete report, in which I
will bring forth my resignation sent to
tbe company and other correspondence
which passed between the company and
myself."
He said that he had seen Mr. Harrison,
the inventor of the telepnone which the
International Telephone Company repre
sents, but once. Senator Elkins will leave
for Washington to-morrow morning.
SATOLLI' S LETTER TO IRELAND.
The Cardinal Tells the Pope How Sin-
cerely and Loyally the Archbishop
Works in America.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Nov. 2L— Archbishop
Ireland received to-day a long letter from
Cardinal Satolli containing a summary of
the report presented by the cardinal to the
Pope on the affairs of the American
church. The letter is dated Home, No
vembers. In vie . of the cardinal's re
port, lately printed in SL w York, tho
arenbishop gives to the pnti ".;. some of the
matter in tha rept: ers to him
self. Cardinal fcatc m:
"I arrived in Rou e E uurday, October
31, and the following day Sunday, I had
ihe great happiness t^ « Emitted to an
audience with the H'->iy Father. Many
things were discussed, b>*< 1 wish at once
to repeat to yon whs', wue said about
yourself. I did not fail & state fully to
the Holy Father how sincerely and
loyally you were devoted to the Holy See
and to the person of the Holy Father him
self; with what zeal and success you
ceaselessly labor in all things t at turn to
the advantage of the Catholic church in
the United States. I added that this zeal
and tbis success were sure to be increased
in the future."
In other parts of the letter the Cardinal
congratulates !he Archbishop on the elec
tion of McKinley to the Presidency, and
also assures him that a bright fuiure is in
reserve for Bishop Keane, the late rector
of the university.
SENATOR MORRISSEY' S SLAYER.
Maud Loomis' Appeal Being in Vain She
Will Serve Fifteen Tears'
Imprisonment.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Nov. 2L— On the
night of May 23, 1894, State Senator Peter
Morrissey was shot and killed by his
mistress, Maud Loomis, during a drunken
quarrel at the latter's residence in this
city. The Loomis woman has relatives
prominent in local society circles and the
best legal talent was employed in her
defense. Her trial resulted in a verdict
of guilty of murder in the second degree
and the court sentenced her to fifteen
years' imprisonment at Jefferson City.
The case was appealed to the Supreme
Court and yesterday ihe decision of the
lower court was affirmed.
Pending the decision the woman was
released on $10,000 bail. During the past
twenty-four hours detectives were unable
to locate her ana it was feared that she
had fled the city. This morning Miss
Loomis surrendered at police headquarters
and sated that she would be ready to
leave for Jefferson City at any time.
MURDERER HERMANS LOCATED.
Partly Identified as the Preacher in Jail
at Topaka for Sending indecent
Letters to His Wife.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Nov. 21.— Rev- A.
Wynne Richmond, now in jail at Topeka,
Kans., on a charge of sending indecent
letters to Mrs. Richmond, his wife, who
lives In Kansas City, Kans., is believed to
be none other than Rev. Francis Hermans,
who formerly lived in gait Lake City,
where in 1895 he murdered his two house
keepers and fled to this city, again going
to Illinois, where he was lost sight of.
His wife met him at a revival meeting
in Kansas City, Kans., a year ago and they
were married, after which he went on a
preaching tour through Missouri, Kansas
and Arkansas. A photograph of Hermans,
when shown to Mrs. Richmond this after
noon, was pronounced by her as a very
strong likeneßS of her husband. The
descriptons of the preachers tally exactly
in evt ry respect, especial'y in their mus
taches. Both were fastidious in dress and
both have sensual lips.
John I:. Hoxie D»n&.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 2L— John R.
Hoxie died at 5 o'clock this morning at
his h.me in this city. Mr. Hoxie was one
of Chicago's best-tnown business men.
He wa* a prominent director of the Stock
Exchange, the local Board of Trade and
director in the First National Bank and
Chicago City Railway Compauy. He was
aiso the owner of the San Gabriel (Tex.)
ranch.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
PRINCETONS DOWN
OLD ELI'S SONS
Yale's Blue Is Vanquished
by the Orange and
Black.
In a Glorious Combat the Brawn
and Muscle ot Nassau Win
the Battle.
By a Score of 24 :o 6 the Tigers Are
Victors in a Most Exciting Game
of Football.
NEW \ORK, N. V., Nov. 21.—"Prince
ton! Princeton! Princeton!" and with a
mighty shout that grew in volume and
rolled like the flotsam and jetsam on the
edge of the ncomin>; tide, thousands who
lined the fence around Manhattan Held
sen», the slogan up to the thousands on
the stands, and from thence through the
murky atmosphere the battle-cry reacned
the tens of thousands who lined the via
duct overlooking all — a waving, gorgeous
yellow hue— tne Yale-Princeton game of
'96 was over and the brawn and muscle of
historic Nassau had trampled the mighty
traditions of old Eli in the dust.
It was a glorious combat, fought hand
to hand and eye to eye, and Princeton
came out triumphant to enter the tnird
decade of her struggles with her friendly
enemy on the score of 24 points to 6. It
was a sweeping victory, but the van
quished fought hard and died game.
In vain did Murphy, Benjamin and
Hine battle, until nature gave way and
they were reluctantly forced off the field.
In vain did those who took their places
with the gallant remnant pußh and heave
and pant. The tigers' blood was up ana
all of the efforts of the gallant sons of Eli
to counteract the battering-ram that was
being hurled at their line were set at
naueht. Their defense went down like
ninepins before the assaults of the con
quering heroes.
Once and once only did the old familiar
blue of Yale wave triumphantly over
the fray. Seven minutes after Baird
had started hostilities the Yale warriors
had the ball on Princeton's twenty-five
yard line. But despite the encouragement
of their followers the Elis had to surrender
possession after unavailing efforts to pierce
the phalanx in front of them. Baird feil
back for a punt out of danger, but the
watchful Rodgers was on hand and bioc ked
the kick.
The ball roiled behind the goal line.
There was a rush on both sides ; a confused
mass slowly disintegrated. Bass had
fallen on the ball and drawn first bloo*.
for Yaie. Then the wearers of the blue
had their chance ana nobly they re
sponded to the call. Though outnum
bered nearly two to one by the bearers of
orange colors, they made up in volume
of enthusiasm for lack of numbers. It
was their last chance. Spurred on by the
score of 6 to 0, the tigers rushed to the
attack with a fierceness thai overturned
all obstacles. The mighty weight of their
rash line broke down Yale's defense.
Yard by yard, the E;is fighting manfully
every foot, the torrent broke down the de
voted citadel. The ball was brought al
most on the Yale goal line, and then with
a mighty heave Baird and Kelley were
sent through for touchdowns. Baird
easily achieved the major points and the
first half ended with tbe score of 12 to 6 in
favor of the tigers.
It was shortly before the half ended that
the first and only "star" run of the guma
wa« made. Yaie whs forced to kick on
NEW TO-DAT.
WORKS
In • curing torturing, disfiguring,
humiliating humors of *. the' Skin,
Scalp, and Blood when all else fails.
Bold throughout the world. ■ Price, Ccticusa, 89c.|
SoAr, 25c.; BESOI.TKXT. 50c mad 11. Pomt Dmu»
aitd Caen. Corp., Sole Propt., Boston. '
" «-"'How to Cure Erery Diafl^urin^ Humor," free.
WHY
Be bothered with inferior goods when you
can get a first-class article if only you
will call for it. . ,
LEVI STRAUSS & GO'S
CELEBRATED COPPER RIVETED
OVERALLS AND SPRING BOTTOM PANTS
Are made of the best materials.
Sewed with tho best threads.
Finished in the best style.
EVERY GARMENT GUARANTEED.
FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.
". '■ •■-."- >> ■■ •
■S£ IM D for a picture of our i
Factory, we will mail one to you free •
of charge. v. : v- .
WE EMPLOY OVER 500 GIRLS.
ADDRESS: LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
San Francisco,
: - • California.2
the third down and Hinckey punted to
Princeton's twenty- five-yard line. With
unfailing accuracy Baird caught the slip
pery leather, but almost b>fore he had
time to move he wes tackled. But the
Princeton fullback kept his head and
deftly passed the oval back to Quarterback
Smith. Like a snake Smith made his tor
taous ccursn through the opposition, his
striped comrades euardiug his way.
Right through the whole Yale team went
the tiger quarter, and the chrysanthemums
were everywhere in evidence. Nearer and
nearer the goal he came and there was no
one in front to stay his course. But
Nemesis, in the shape of Benjamin, Yale's
speedy halfback, was behind. The agon
ized rooters on the stand asked themselves
if Smith had speed sufficient to outrun
Beujamin. The question was quickly
answered.
Stride by stride th« Yale man gained
and at last, twelve yards from the covet
ed line, he reached Smith and both went
down together. In the second half the
tigers fairly overwhelmed the Elis and
three touchdowns were made. Hilde
brand, Bannard. and Wheeler were respon
sible for the scores. BairJ ought to have
ticked all three coals, but missed badly,
and when the whistle blew Princeton had
24 points to Yale's 6.
At 2:03 o'clock the Yale team came on
the field and a minute later the Princeton
timers followed. Yale won tbe toss and
chose to defend the ea#t goal, giving
Princeton tbe kick-off. At L':l2 Baird
kicked off, but sent the leather out of
bounds at tbe live-yard line and it was
brought for a second attempt. This time
Hinckey caught and returned it to Smith
lit the center. The oval was tO3sed to
Jiaird for a pun t which Murphy blocked.
Bass fell on the ball and on the next line
up Vale was civen five yards for off-side
piav. Jenjamin tried twice to grain
through Hi debrand but failed. Hine
tried right end for a cain, but the ball
went to Princeto n on downs.
Aft er some kic king between backs Ben
jamin was sent past Armstrong for a run
oi twenty-five yards. Yale then got rive
yards for off -side play and on the next
play she was given ten yards for interfer
ence. The ba 11 was on Princeton's 25-yara
line.
Fincke fum bled and the leather went to
Princeton. Baird tried to punt out, but
Chadwick broke through and blocked.
The ball rolled back behind Princeton's
goal line, and Bass fell on it, giving Yale
a touchdown. Hine kicked the goal, mak
ing the score Princeton 0, Yale 6.
After an interchange of punts Hinckey
kicked out of bounds, advancing the ball
fifteen yards, but giving it to Princeton.
Princeton then gave up the kicking game
and depended for her gains on straight
rushes. Baunard, Keily, Baird and
Church by a series of short gains suc
ceeded in bringing the ball within two
feet of Yale's line, Baird was pushed
through for a touchdown, after twelve
minutes of piav, and also kicked the goal,
thus tieing Yale's score. Princeton 6,
Yale 6.
On resuming Benjamin kicked off to
Kelly, who advanced the oval 13 yards.
The ball was passed to Baird, who punted
40 yards to Fincke, who returned, and the
ball went to Princeton on her 35-yard line.
Church went through center for 10 yards,
and Bannard by short pains brought the
leather to Yale's 40-yard line.
Murphy was then hurt and retired In
favor of Durston, and Fincke captained
tbe game for the rest of the time. Kelly
and Bannard gained 15 yards before Uine
was injured, and Mills* took his place at
left hauuack.
Baird and Kelly netted 12 yards and
then Baird tried Chadwick for 5 yards,
and Cntrch went past Murray for 3-yards
more. Keily circled Durston ;or 6 yards,
leaving the bail only 5 yards Ironi Yale'e
goal line, but Princeton pot off side in the
next play and the bull was given to Yale.
Mills got clear of Hildebrand and made
a run of twenty-five yards before Baird
tackled him. On three successive downs
Mills and Benjamin gained but one yard,
and Hinckey punted to Baird, who was
tackled, but passed ihe ball to Smith, who
ran through the Yale team almost un
aided for seventy yards, when he was
tackled by Benjamin, only twelve yards
from Yale's goal. Kelly was used on the
next four plays, and by working both
guards be succeeded in placing the ball
within two yards of the line. Bairn took
it to the line and Kelly was forced through
the center for the touchdown in about
twenty-two minutes. Biird kicked the
goal. Score — Princeton 12, Yale 6.
Time was called shortly after, with the
ball in Princeton's possession on Yale's
20-yard line. Score for the first half —
Princeton 12, Yale 6.
The second half commenced at 3:32.
Benjamin kicked off to Baird, who re
turned the leather to Yale for a gain of
twenty yards. Baird caught Hinckey's
punt on nisown 35-yard line and another
series of magnificent rushes commenced
and hair 1, Kelly and Bannard worked the
oval to Yale's 30-yard line, where Prince
ton fumbled for the first time and lost the
ball, but another fumble by Fincke gave it
back.
On the next line-up Kelly went through
Durston for four yards. Bannard then
carried the hall past Murray, planting it
within a foot o: the line. Baird went
across with the ball but fumbled. Hilde
brand, however, fell on it, scoring the
third touchdown for Princeton. Baird
failed at tbe placed kick and the score
stood: Princeton 16, Yale 6.
After the kick-off Mills made several
brilliant plays, gaining twenty yards on
three attemots through the Tigers' line,
but Yale could nrt keep up the pressure
and Hinckey was forced to kick. Church,
Baud, Kelly and Bannard went through
center and round ends for good gains and
Yale's goal was again in danger. Baird
Lucked the center for fourteen yards and
the ball was four yards from the goal line.
Kelly closed up three yards more and Ban
nard was sent through for a touchdown
directly between tbe posts. Baird failed
to convert. Bcore: Princeton 10, Yale 6.
Benjamin kicked off to Baird and the
latter returned tbe leather for a gain of fif
teen yards. Mills made four yards through
the center. Benjamin was hurt and gave
way to Van Every. In two plays Mills
made fonr yards by working the tackles
and Van Every added four y^rrts more.
Bannard left tbe game completely used
up and Wheeler took his place. On the
next play tbe ball went to Princeton' for
holding in tbe line. The leather was in
tbe middle of the field, but Baird went
right through Yale's center for thirteen
yards and was shoved past Chadwick for
three. Kelly made five yards between left
tackle and end and then got past Chad
wick for fourteen bringing the ball on
Yale's seventeen-yard line. Baird ad
vanced the leather three yards and Prince
ton then got half of the remaining dis
tance given her for interference. Kelly
tried Cbamberiain for two yards and
Wheeler scored on tbe next scrimmage by
going through center. Baird missed the
goaL fcccre: Princeton 24, Yale 6.
From this until just before half time
ended Yale was besieged hotly, but man
aged to stall off any further score, and
when the whistle was blown it was the
Ing noises in the cars, a roaring, Dazzing bound
or snapping like a pistol are caused by catarrh,
which ay be cured by purifying the blood with
Sarsaparilla
The best— fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Hood's Pills l sy to bu ; eca y to
11UUU 5» t'*»=» take, easy to operate. Sso
E; is' ball on their own twentv-nvc-yard
line.' Final score: Princeton 24, Yaie 6.
The line-up:
Princeton. Position. Tsl«.
8r0kaw......". L* end .....Bass
< hurcli :......L«-ft tackle Rogers
Crowdls ...Lt- ft guard ...Murray
Ualle- - Center .....Chamberlain
Armstrong.. ........ ..KiKht guard. ChadwlcK
>illdebrand . ignt M urphy, Durston
Cochran '. Right Connor
5mith...... ...... Quarterback Flncke
Bannard (Wheeler).. Left hlfbk.... { vau Kvery
Keily Right hlfbck Hine, mill
Baird Fullback.... Hinckey
Touch owns— Bass. Baird, Kelly, HildebranG,
'Bannard, Wheeler. ' .' - . „ •
Goals from touchdowns— Hine, Balm i.
Time— 'l'w • 85-minute haves.
Referee— McCmng of Leblgh.
Umpire— Paul J'ushiel of Leiiu'li.
Linesmen— Oarfleid of Harvard and Smith of
We^leyan.
O,V JF&AAKLI* jriELl*.
tor the Third Successive Tear Pennsyl
vania Defeats -Harvard.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa.. . Nov. 2L— For
the third successive .year Pennsylvania
this afternoon on Franklin Field defeated
Harvard at football. Pennsylvania won
by a score of 8 to 6. Harvard scored in
the first half through a slowly got off
punted and a blocked kick. Abide from
this the play in the first half was fairly
even.
In the second half Pennsylvania had
the ball almost throughout, carried it up to
Harvard's goal posts three separate . times
and outplayed Harvard from start . to fin
ish. Behind each one of the chalk lines
which marked their section .of tue 'field
the Harvard men in the second half made
a desperate stand, but . Pennsylvania
swept the crimson rush line uwvy and
foot by foot the' red and blue bored its
way towards Harvard's goal. The physi
cal condition of the men of the two teams
was most marked.
Throughout ttie same at almost every
scrimmage a Harvard: man would be
stretched out and hurt, and before time
was called the Cambridge men had sub
stituted four players for the ones who
started. Pennsylvania, on the contrary,
had but one man hurt throughout the
game, and he speedily recovered. Fur
ther, Pennsylvania was playing with
greater dash and energy when*time was
finally called titan when they began the
game, while Harvard's men seemed played
almost to a standstill. Harvard scored its
six points on a touchdown and a goal in
the first half, and Pennsylvania made its
eight in the second half from a safety
I touchdown, a touchdown and a goal. .
The frequent injuries to the , Harvard
men drew the first half out to an hour's
time, and this caused a long discussion
over a decision by Referee ; Hickok. and
; dragged the second half along for an hour
| and a half, and when the game way over
I it was almost dark.
Harvard to-day for the first time this
j season presented the full strength of its
! Varsity eleven: Captain Wrightington,
; Dunlop, Wheeler and Hauehton were all
| to play for Harvard, and the presence of
these men increased the strength of the
Cambridge team over the eleven played
against Princeton. Despite the drizzling
rain, as 2 o'clock approached, the i our for
the game to begin, the great amphitheater
j of benches at Franklin" Field were tilled,
j 20,000 bring a fair estimate of the number j
iof people present. Captain Wuarton of
; Pennsylvania jumped tne fence into the
j field before 2 o'clock and the followers of
Pennsylvania rose to their feet, the stands
broke out a waving mass of red and blue
and thousands of voices shouted "Perm-
Sil-Va-Ni-A" three times three.'
The Peunsylvanias rushed into the field
and went through the acrobatic tumble
act .which characterizes the event of all
I football teams. Quite a wait followed, bat
. at last the Cambridge men began to shout
as Captain Wriehtitigton leaped over the
fence into the field. Then the men of
Harvard made up for the previous silence.
The long, slow cry of " H-A R-V-A-R-D"
re-echoed again and again across the field,
and was defiantly replied to by Pennsyl
vania. ■' Refere^ Hickok, Umpire Wyckoff
and Linesman ( 13 acnam and Captains I
Warton and'Wriebj4ngton met in the cen
ter of the field. /A short consultation fol-
I lowed and the i black- haired man called
| the right side of [the coin as it fell to the
pound. Wrighryngton took the west coal.
There was but liytle choice, as tbere~was
absolutely no w« id blowing. ..
Big WoodroofV placed the ball in the
center of the fi<Ui and stood ready to kick
it off. There was absolute silence as the
referee's whistle blew and the pie-kin
went sailing toward Harvard's goal. The
j Pennsylvania men dashed down after the
j ball, and Boyle downed Haughton as he
j caught it on Harvard's 25-yerd line. The
I two teams lined up, and Pennsylvania
i almost at once secured the ball on a fum-
ble. Gelbert and Morice advanced the
bail around the ends, and Minds kicked
to Brown on Harvard's two-yard line.
Then a magnificent struggle between the
two sides began. First one and then the
other would get the ball, but neither side
could advance. Cabot and Molton were
doing the magnificent work for Harvard
on ends.
On every kick they were down the field
upon the men awaiting the ball, and tue
Pennsylvania backs could make no gains
around them. Brown and Minds ex
changed kicks very evenly, but the Har
vard man got his punts off far more
quick and cleaner than tbe Pennsvl
vanian. Harvard's team play was the
finest seen here this year. Their interfer
ence formed in a remarkable manner for
the runner, but Pennsylvania ends did
grand w rk in breaking 'up this interfer
ence, an<i leaving the runner to be downed
by one of the backs. Cabol and Moultan
time and again rushed through and mrew
the Pennsylvania backs for a loss. Penn
sylvania was not p aying with the dash
and spirit that characteriz d Harvard at
this time, and was only able to make short
gains by bucKing Harvard's line. '
Harvard's favorite trick was a double
pass between the backs and this worked
successfully a number of times. Beale
would pass the ball to one of the backs
ana the man receiving the ball would start
wi:h it and be met by one of the other
backs who would take it from him and be
off like a flash. Pennsylvania ends and
line were badly fooled ou this trick a num
ber of timea and twice Brown was com
pletely through the Pennsylvania center
and only Minds between him and the
Quaker goaJ. Each time the Pennsylvania
iullback tackled and threw Brown after a
gain of iiHeen yards. Finally Harvard
worked the ball up to Pennsylvania's
15-ynrd line by short runs around the ends
by Wrightington and Dunlop and Brown's
two bunts through the line. <
Pennsylvania with it 9 goal in danger
held like a rock and took the ball from
Harvard on downs. Minds speedily
punted the ball out of danger to Harvard's
40-yard line. Several times Harvard was
given five yards for off-side play.
A lake pass fooled the Pennsylvania
men, and Wrigtuington passed through
the center for a clear run down the field
for twenty-five yards, where he was
heavily thrown by Minds. Dunlop made
two yards through the right side of the
line, and the ball was on .Pennsylvania's
26-yard line. Pennsylvania braced again
anil held on for downs, getting the ball.
Geibert tried the right end for no gain,
and the ball was passed to Minds for a
punt. Big Frank Shaw burst through and
met the elowlv rising ball with his chest.
The ball bounded back, and Wheeler,
snatching it up, dashed fur Pennsylvania's
goal, with no one before him. Morice
started after him, and just as the Harvard
tackle was within two yards of the coveted
chalk mark the white-haired Pennsyl
vania halfback launched himself through
the air and got Wheeler by one leg as he
fell. Tne Harvard stand "was on its seat
cheering like mad as the two teams lined
up. But two vafds were to be gained.
The Pennsylvanians massed tuemselves
as Brown hurled his bariy form into the
struggling mass of men, but Harvard was
not to be downed, and Bouve was pushed
over for a touchdown. The touchdown
was made fquareiy between the goal
posts, and Brown easily kicked the goal,
making the ecore 6 to 0 in favor of
Harvard. It had taken Harvard nearly
the entire time of the half to make the
touchdown, and the ball swung like a
pendulum first to one side of the center
and then to the other. The followers of
Harvard were cheering wildly, and there
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896.
was gloom in the cohorts of Pennsylvania.
The nearest Pennsy vania came to scoring
in this half wts when Morice tried a goal
from the field from Harvard's 20-yard
line, and missed it by a couple of yards.
During the haif the Harvard men en
couraged their men with tde hop* of
victory, and praised them for the work
they had done. Over in Pennsylvania's
quarters a different scene was taking
piace.
Pennsylvania coaches in no gentle lan
guage were berating tbe men for their
slow play and futile attempts to advance
the ball. That wbat was said to them had
its effect was speedily shown. Woodruff
returned the kick to Brown on Harvard's
50-yard line. An exchange of kicks be
tween Brown and Minds followed, but
wiih little gain to either man. Finally
Pennsylvania sent the ball on its 40-yard
line. Then the Quakers cave a wonderful
exhibition of hne-bucking. They used
their famous "guards back" interference
with fearful effect on Harvard's line.
Whartqn, Woodruff, Minds and Uffen
heimer plunged through the crimson line
again and again. The Quakers found a
big hole between "Wheeler ana Bouve and
sent their runner between these two men
many times. Harvard was fighring with
desperation. Nothing, however, could
Btem the fierce rush of the Pennsylvanias.
Chalkiine aftet chalkline the Quakers con
quered.
Every P«nnsylvanian in the stands was
up on his feet, howling and yelling to the
greatest capacity of his lungs as the ball
approacned the crimson goal line. At
last Pennsylvania had the ball inside of
Harvard's five-yard line without having
lost it once. The next time it looked like
a Pennsylvania touchdown «ure. Tlie ball
was pa«sed to Woodruff to carry over.
The next see* of it the pisskin appeared
above the mass of struggling men. A
groan went up from Pennsylvania. A
fun ble and a touchdown was lost. As the
ball came down Wheeler seized it and
bugged it close to his breast as he was
thrown two yards from his goal line. The
two teams lineii up. Pennsylvania was
wild with disappointment, and as Beale
passed the ball to Wrightington the Penn
sylvania rushers tore through the Harvard
line ana were on Wrightington liie raving
wolves.
The Harvard captain was picked up and
burled bacK of the goal line for a safety
touchdown, an) Pennsylvania had scorea
two points. Dunlop and big Frank Shaw
had been hurt and forced to leave the field.
Livermore and Doucette took their places.
Brown kicked out and again Pennsylvania
resumed their furious assau't on the
Harvard line. On Harvard's 40-yard line
Minds made the star play of the day.
The guards were hurled at Harvard's line
as if it was the intention to buck, and as
t c Harvard men massed themselves
Woods passed the ball away back to
Minds. Minds dashed around Harvard's
right end, avoided the outstretched hands
of Haughton and sped away for the goal.
Brown made a despairing clutch at Minds
and partially grabbel him by one leg.
Minds tell, but shaking himself clear car
ried the ball across tbe goal line. Then to
the rage and disaprointment of the
Quakers Referee Hickok ordered the bail
to be brought back, owing to Minds having
run out of the bounds.
There was a delay of twenty minutes
while the point was disputed by Captain
Wharton. Finally Wharton gave in and
! Pennsylvania again hammered the bull
|up to Harvard's 10-yard line. Here they
lost it on a quarterback kick, which went
behind Harvard's goal. Brown falling en
the ball. Ihere was still ten minutes'
play, but it was growing so dark that the
players could hardly be distinguished
from the stands. Harvard kicked out
again and Pennsylvania seized the ball
on the 50-yara line. Grim and desperate,
with defeat staring them in the face, the
I Quakers again be an tbe weary and furi
ous assault on the Harvard line. Harvard
was weakening under tbe savage on
slaught. In vain were the crimson's
efforts to stop tbe Quakers' rush. Right
up to Harvard's 2-yara line was tbe ball
once again carried. It was the first down
and Mindu tried the center for no gain.
The mud-besmeared men sprang to their
! feet. Panting like some over-driven beast
they crouched shoulder to shoulder
against each other upon the ground.
Back came the ball, smash went Woodruff
into ihe Harvard line. For a few brief
seconds the straining, struggling mass of
men kept tbeir feet and then rolled over
the Harvard goal line. Then pandemo
nium broke loose in the Pennsylvania
stand, when the men dragged off
each other, and Woodruff was seen
to be lying beside the Harvard
goal posts with the ball. In thai
last desperate assault and resistance
W T heeler and Brown were left lying half
conscious upon t c ground, and they were
carried off to the side lines, Swayne and
Dibblee taking their places. Woodruff
easily kicked the goal, and from that time
on, for the few minutes remaining of play
Harvard spent its last strength in resist
ing tbe assaults of Pennsylvania. When
time was called tbe Quakers bad again
carried the ball up as far as Harvard's
twenty-yard line.
For Harvard Cabot, Moulton and the
backs played star games. Wheeler in the
first half for Harvard did good work.
Boyle for Pennsylvania was Moulton'a
equal at cue, and in the second i>aif the
entire Pennsylvania team played as a
unit and simply swept Harvard from their
feet.
One man stood out above all the others
of the two teams for his magnificent play
ing. This was Captain Wharton. Whar
ton never gave a grander exhibition of
football than be aid to-day. He held his
men in line, seldom failing to gain his
distance, and his tackling away out on the
ends was remarkable. Harvard to-day
closed the football season of 1896 in de
feat and disaster. But Pennsylvania has
Hill a game to play on Thanksgiving day
with Cornell. The line-up follows:
Harvard. Position. Pennsylvania. .
Cabot L*-ft end.. •.....;........ 80y1e
Wheeler (Swain) -Lett tackle Uffenhelmer
80uve...... Left guard '..Woodruff
F. übaw, Doucett .Center Over tie a
N. Shaw Right guard Wharton
Hung ton Right tackle Jbarrar
M0u1t0n...............Hi8nt end Dlckson
Be&le ..Quarterback.'. "... Weeks
Wrlshtingion ....... Left halfback.. tielbert
linnlop ( ivcrmore). Might halfback Morice
Brown, Hibblee. Fullback: Minds
Touchdowns— Bonve, Woodruff. '.
(safety touchdown — U'rl^h.insion.
Goals from touchdowns — .brown, Woodruff.
Keferee— Hicicok. Yale. • . . ,
Umpire— Wyckoff. Cornell, ;
Linesman— Beacbam. Cornell. . .
Time— 36 minute halves. •'•'-' •• : ■ • '
GAMES ON OTHER OFALS.
Graduates of Annapoli* Defeat a Team
of *aral Officer*.
ANNAPOLIS, Md., Nov. 21.— A stron*
team of graduates, now officers of tbe
North Atlantic squadron, played the naval
cadets this afternoon. The game requited :
Naval Cadets, 11; White Squadron, 5.
DES MOINES. lowa. Nov. 2L— lowa
State University 34. Y. M. C. A. 0.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Nov. 21.— Indiana
48, Pennsylvania State College 5.
EA6TOS, Pa., Nov. 21— Laiayette 18,
VVeslevan 0.
MADISON, Wib., Nov. 2L— University
of Wisconsin 6. Minnesota 5.
HANOVER, N. H., Nov. 2L-Dartmouth
0, Williams 0.
For a finish right.
DALLAB, Tex., Nov. 21.— Joe Vendig
to-day telegraphed Dan Stuart that he
had a building in Brooklyn secured where
Corbett and Fitzsimmons cculd tight be
fore 10,000 people, and asked Stuart to
offer a big purse.
Stuart answered he had enough of East
ern pugilibts and was looking toward the
West. Jim Corbett telegraphed Stuart,
urging him to offer a larger purse than
Lewis had offered. Stuart replied that he
would have a bid in for a finish right soon,
but would make no "phoney" offers; that
any parse he offered would be bonaride
and he would be prepared to pay every
cent of it.
Fitzsimmons telegraphed Stuart that he
still stood by his promises and was deter
termined on a finish fight and no limited
number of round-. Stuart is satisfied
with tbe situation and says he believes he
will get Corbett and FitEsiminoua in the
ring to a finish about March 1.
Fiizimmons' telegram stated that he
would not sign with any one before No
vember U8 and would give him the prefer
ence.
SHORT SESSIONS
THE PROPER THING
Senator McMillan Says
That Congress Should
Not Delay.
Favors the Passage of the
Dingley Bil As Soon as
Possible.
Revenues Adequate to Meet the Ex
penses of tue Government Must
Be Created at Once.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 21.-Sen
ator McMillian of Michigan, in response
to a request by a United Associated
Presses representative, makes the follow
ing statement, in which he takes strong
grounds favoring a-s short sessions of Con
gress as possible and the passage of the
Dineley bill at once. He says:
"For the past four years the business
interests of this country have been in a
continuous state of uncertainty and dis
turbance due very largely to legislative
action, or inaction. Butinesa men could
not look into the future with that degree
oi confidence absolutely necessary for suc
cess in tbeir undertakings, because they
couid not foresee what legislation would
be enacted in regard to either the tariff or
finances. More than this the constant
drift toward a single standard of silver,
coupled with revnues inadequate to tbe
expenses of the Government, led to sharp
contractions in the volume of money seek
ing investment.
"The recent election has established the
policy of maintaining at a parit all the
different kinds of money in use in this
country, and to that extent has quieted
the apprehensions oi those who feared
that money loaned would be returned, if
at all, in a depreciated medium. Tbe cap
ital of the world has thus become once
more at the disposal of our industries, un
less some new alarm shall again close the
purse-strings.
"Such alarm can be created most easily
by continued sessions of Congress when
business needs nothing but non-interfer
ence by legislation. At the same time
revenues adequate to support the Gov
ernment must te provided in order to
prevent the withdrawal of gold necessary
to maintain the parity of the various
kinds of money.
"In my judgment the best thing that
could possibly happen would he the pass
age of the Dingley bill, modified in some
respects, perhaps, 'at the coming session of
Congress, and no extra session. This re
sult, if reached at all, can be attained
only by a union of the sound-money Sen
ators on both sides of the Senate, the end
being simply to obtain sufficient revenue,
which is not a party question.
"Republican success in the pivotal
States of the Middle West was attained by
the sound-money men and they are
entitled to be consulted. But if the reve
nues shall be thus increased the financial
question may be safely left until the new
Secretary of the Treasury can present to
Congress an adequate plan for making
such reforms or changes as may be neces
sary to place the monetary system in good
working order.
"The country is now in a condition to
make rapid strides commercially, and it
would be the worst possible policy for
Congress to place obstacles in the way of
rapid recovery by creating -. fresh alarms.
Therefore the shorter the time Congress is
in session the better.?.
♦ i
IT IS A MATTER OF STATE PRIDE.
Banna Wilt Have Ohio Make a Big
Showing at the Inaugural.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Nov. 21. —Mark
Hanna said to-day : "My correspondence
is almost as large as during the heat of
the campaign. I tras forced to call Major
Dick here to take charge of it."
"Have you not overstepped your prero
gatives as Chairman of the National Com
mittee in deciding to assume full charge
of the inaugural ceremonies in Washing-
ton?"
"Who said I have?" Mr. Hanna replied.
Mr. Hanna was told of the Washington
dispatoh statin- that leading Republicans
were huffed because, as they claimed, Mr.
Hanna had broken an established custom
whereby the details of the ceremonies were
le.'t to the local committee.
Mr. Hanna said: "This is the first I
have beard of this. It was the peneral
sentiment of the National Committee that
the affair shouid be left in my bands. I
have decided to make appointments as I
see fit. I hope to make the occasion a
National affair, and what is more, I take a
distinct pride in the showing :o be made
by Ohio. It is a matter of State pride, and
I believe Ohio Republicans will back
me up."
POPULAR IN THE SUCIH,.
John S. Wise I,lls Major XcKinley Some
Good Aetes.
CANTON, Ohio, Nov. 21.— Major Mc-
Kinley remained indoors all day to-day
on account of inclement weather. He had
a large number of callers. John S. Wise
of New York came from the East this
morning and returned in tte afternoon,
after taking lunch with Major McKinley
and telling him a dozen amusing stories
about his campaign experiences in the
South. Mr. Wise thinks an entering
wedge has been driven into the Solid
South, and the solid people of that section
are more keenly alive to their material
interests tnan to politics. He is of the
opinion that all that has been gained in
Majn* McKinley's election will be held
and that new ground will be won each
year by the party of protection. Mr.
Wise says Major McKinley is a very pop
ular man in the South and one whom the
people iove and trust. He tbinks they
will be disposed to follow his leadership.
The fact that Thomas B. Reed of Maine
passed through Canton yesterday without
stopping is furnishing many of the politi
cal pilgrims to Canton to-day food for re
flection and conjecture.
BRIAN IN MISSOURI.
Continues to , Talk to .Farmer •* About
Free Silver. / r
SPRINGFIELD, Mo.; Nov. 2L— •William
J. Bryan and party arrived in this city at
5:30 o'clock this evening from his bunting
expedition ;in : the ' Taney County game
preserve. After a brief reception at ; the
Metropolitan ' Mr. Bryan was driven to
North SDringrield, where ; at . 7:30 o'clock
he spoke briefly to the railroad shop men.
Afterward the party went to the Baldwin .
Theater, where Mr. Bryan spoke briefly.:
, :.r Mr; Bryan and party left the 5 park yet*
iffllii ifT^lttlfUittmTttrftttuufrsan iffiTmarnmimf ..aritm .tuird.
terday afternoon and stopped last night
at Taneyvi'.le, where he -poke to a bis
crowd of countrymen. This forenoon the
journey was resumed overland to Chad
wick, where a private car on. the Bt. Louis
and San Francisco bianch was fn waiting
to bring them to this city. Mr. Bryan
made speeches at Sparta, Ozark ana Caila
way from the car on the way to the city
this afternoon. His remarks were directed
along bis usual lines in behalf of silver,
urging the friends of the white metal to
keep up the agitation. Great crowds
greeted him at every stopping- Dlace. He
left at 11:10 to-night for Denver. Mrs.
Bryan will meet him in Kansas City.
Only Township Carried.
TOPEKA, Kirn., Nov. 21.— Generals
Palmer and Buckner will be presented
with a souvenir from the Secretary of
State showing an abstract of the vote in
Dudley Township, Haskell County, Kans.,
tbe only township in the United States
which they carried. Here is the vote:
Palmer 3, McKinley 2, Bryan L
SoutU Carolina's Vote.
COLUMBIA, S. C, Nov. 21.— T00 of
ficial vote of this State for the several
electoral tickets was as fojlows: Bryan
and Sewall 48.664. McKinley and Hobart
(reorganized Republican) 6098, McKinley
and Hobart (regulars) 4215. Palmer and
Buckner 824. Majority for Bryan and
Sewall 48,664.
To Be Mch'ni y's Secretary.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Nov. 21.— A gen
tleman, who has been in Canton for the
last day or two says there is a well-defined
report there that Walter Wellman. a well
known Washington correspondent, is
being seriously considered for the post of
private secretary by Major McKinley.
Fech Venten Its Correctness.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 21.-~Gordon W.
Peck of Chicago denies the correctness of
an interview with Mr. Hanna yesterday.
Mr. Peck says he bas not spoken to any
person regarding his talk with Mr. Hanna,
which waa purely of a private nature.
Alabama' h Decreased Tote.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., Nov. 21.— The
vote of Alabama complete stands: Ervau
and Sewall 107,137. Bryan and Watson
24,082. McKinley 54,732, Palmer 6464, Lev
• ring 2147; total 194,567. In 1892 the total
vote was 239, 746.
LAND SELECTIONS SPPROTED,
Some liberal Grant* Given to the West-
em Railroad*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 21.—Secre
tary of the Interior Francis has approved
the following selections of land made by
States:
California— List number 21, 17.958 acres
in the Los Angeles district for school lands.
Washington— List number 12, 5303 acres
in the Olympia district for charitable, edu
cational, penal and reformatory inotitu
tions.
Railroad Selections approved — Southern
Pacific Railroad branch line, 168 acres in
the Los Angeles land district; Union Pa
cific Railroad, 2609 acres all along the line
in Nebraska, and 160 acres to the same
road in the Sidney (Nebr.) district; S«slma,
Rome and Dalton Railroad, 309 acres in
the Montgomery (Ala.) district; Florida
Centra) and Peninsula Railroad, 3951 acres
in tne Gainesville (Fla.) district; Oregon
and California Railroad, 110 acres in the
Ro=ebur£ (Or.) aistrict.
To the Nortnern Pacific Railroad in the
State of Washington, 160 acres in the Se
attle district, 626 acres in the Walla Walia
district, 76 acres in the Waterville district
and 2717 acres in the Olympia and Walla
Walla districts. To the same road 845
acres in tne Helena and Missoula districts,
Montana; 40 acres in The Dalles (Or.)
district and 1117 acres in the Fargo dis
trict, North Dakota.
We<tH*d in Washington.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Nov. 2L— Tbe
marriage of John R. Abney, a dis
WEW TO-DAT.
1128 MARKET ST., SAN FRANCISCO.
320 South. Spring St., Xjos Angeles.
Toutb. and Broadxvay, Oakland.
We sell TRUSSES and ELASTIC STOCKINGS on
the same basis of profit as we sell Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla. Just think, before being fitted to a Truss
Don't go to the 300 per centers. It is one thing to
buy a TRUSS and another to be fitted to one. In
one instance it means comfort and ease, and the
other torture. We guarantee a PERFECT FIT or no
sale.
We Have Added to Our Stock
THE LAROEST ASSORTnENT OP
Trusses,
Elastic Stockings,
Bands and Supporters
TO BE FOUND ON THB COAST.
We Have Cut the
Prices Away Down.
New York Elastic Trasses, best, single, reg-
ular $3; our price $1 00
Sew York Klastic Trusses, best, doable, reg- , v
ular 95: our price........ k $2 00
Hard Rubber Spring Trusses, best, single,
. - regular f4: our price........;........... $1 50
.Leather, Chamois pad, Spring Trusses, sin-
gle, regular $3; our nrice.. .......$lOO
Expert Truss-Fitter In Charge.
No Extra Charge for Fitting. v
Elastic Stockings, bess stout silk, regular
$3 50; our price.... .....,...........$2 00
Elastic Stocklncs, with foot, best stout silk, . " '
. ' regulars*: our price... :......'..........'.. $2 50
Elastic Knee-Cap«, beet stout silk, regular
92 50; our price..........'.."...;.....;. .;..-.5l 75
Elastic .Anklets, best stout site, regular . ■
■ f'2 50, our price..... ;...'. .'...91 75
Elastic Bandages, Tnigh Hose, • Belts— an at
: Cut Prices.
Perfect Fit and Satisfaction Guaranteed.
Private Apartment— Lady Attend-
ant. Send for Illustrated Price List
of Trusses, Stockings, etc., Free.
Write for lob-page Price List. , " ."; ; |
Write for Our 100-Page Catalogue.
MAILtED FREE.
tineaished lawyer of New York, to Mi3s
Mary Lloyd PendlPtor, daughter of the
late Senator George H. Pendleton of Ohio,
occurred to-day. •-: President and Mrs.
Cleveland and the members of the Cabi
net, with their wives, were present. *"
', ■ .. — ■ — '•**■ ■ '■. .
GOOD LUCK OF A DOMESTIC.
Left an Estate Worth a Million by a
Husband Who Deserted Her
Many Years Ago.
GRANDVILLE, Mich., Nov. 21.—Hat
tie fcpaffora, a domesuc, will work no
more. Sixteen years ago her mother died.
Hattie was then three years old and was
sent to the Orpnan's Home in Grand
Rapids. To-day she received word from a
lawyer jn Helena, Mont., stating that > er
father died in Buite two years ago leaving
all his property to the wife and baby he
had forsaken many years ago. He was a
large shareholder in several rich silver
and copper mines and owned three large
ranches. Marcns Daly was made executor
of the estate and next Monday the girl
will go to Montana. The letter from the
lawyer contained a check for $6000, which
is but an insignificant amount compared
with the amount awaiting the girl in the
far West. It is said the estate amounts to
over a million.
WAGES NOT TO BE REDUCED.
Therefore Montana Miners Art in no
Hurry to Go on a Strike.
BUTTE, Mont,, Nov. 21.— The report
from Denver and Leadville that there
would be a general strike of miners in
Montana out of sympathy with the Lead
ville strikers is denied by officers of the
Butte Miners' Union acd by officers of
the Western Federation of Miners. They
say that suca a strike would be worse
than useless and would involve Montana
in trouule from which the miners could
hope to gain nothing.
The report that the mine-owners In
tended to reduce wages 50 cents a <lay is
also discredited. The Butte
Union has sent $5000 to the Leadville
strikers and a message has been received
urging Presvient Boice and the execu
tive committee of the Western Federa
tion to go to Lea lville at once and they
left to-day. The reason for the urgent
message is unknown.
Examinations for Promotion.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 2] A
board consisting of Colonel William £.
Shafter, First Infantry; Lieutenant S. M.
B. Young, Fourth Cavalry; Lieutenant-
Colonel Edward B. Wiliiston, Third Artil
lery; Major Robert H. White, surgeon;
Captain Guy L. Edie, assistant surgeon, and
First Lieutenant John A. Lockwood,
Fourth Cavalry, recorder, will meet at the
Presidio of San Francisco to examine the
following officers for promotion: Cap
tain Allen Smith, Fourth Cavalry; Cap
tain James Chester, Third Artillery^ Cap
tain Frank W. Hess, Third Artillery.
First Lieutenant George E. French,
Fourth Infantry, will be relieved from
duty with the National Guard of Idaho,
January 4, 1897. Second Lieutenant Wil
liam T. Johnston, Tenth Cavalry, is de
tailed for torpedo instruction at Willets
Point, N. Y.
Heath of a Missionary.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 21— The
Department of State has been notified by
the Unitea States Consul at Lisbon oi the
death in that city of Mr. Winfield Ma
comber, a missionary of the Hunter Reid
Mission in Africa. He was buried in the
churchyard of the British Chapel in
Lisbon.
Appointed District Judge.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nor. 2L-The
President tb-day appointed William D.
MoHugh United States District Judge for
the District of Nebraska.
Hailed Free on Application - /
.■■;.*--• Oar 100-Page Catalogue.
MORE GOODS FOR LESS MONEY
THAN ANY ESTABLISHMENT
ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
S. S. 8. Swift's Specific. SI size „ RK
.8. 8. Swift's Specific. $175 size! .i«
Slocum's Uz.mnlslon, $1 size B ze "'" •* x 25
Pierces Favorite Prescription, SI size'" %l
Pinkh»m's Compound, $1 size.. *%
Palne's Celery Compound, 81 site"""" an
Jlunyon's Remedies, i!sc size. "*■ ?«
Canyon's Remedies. DOc size. .'.""" In
Pink Pills, 60c siz» : P i^;E^ i
B»w*r s Kxraci Witch Hazel, "pints'. 03
Bauer's Extract Witch Hazel quarts Rn
Pond's Extract, 50c size. . ' quarts 60
caiS^ s^?e FlgB ' 5OC Bi - e:::: "-'- "«.:::: .S
I)e Bancto's noiit iiiii," 75citeer. ! " i\
Hood sSarsaparilla, $1 size *" f\
Joy's s arsaparilU, *1 size. •••—.—"• £5
J.? ar l £ trUla - * size.//.".': %l
■ Mrs. 1! c " s Female Restorer, $1 size""""* ' I-
*s£^'?tf£2. 1 .";/.;'.:::: g
HHiEil 1
Haii' Catarrh Cure." '75c'si"ze *-'*'* ' tn
M ampole's Codliver Oil, »i size'"'"""'"'*"- §2
bcotfs Emulsion, $1 si a U,; Blze II
Carter's or Ayer ' 8 Pills, 25c •*•" 15
Yale's Hair lonic. SI sit- «k
lipsprailtii
Ahen'sMalt Wh.sky, »l •£ 'ifc X 0*
Rn erml l a ? c w hls»y. »1 ite*. .V. 75
: fer *£ r^i'.'* eaU £ K »P»6n*. *1 25 size... 86
S° b * y»Het Iris Bm.ic.Sl 35 size «5
Rof« tV*i et Violet dHParme.*l site..;... • 75
Roger <& ballet Violet. SI 60 5ite....... 1 00
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS
PR. EDISOS'S OBESITY GOODS,
Pills, Salts and Bands.
, Write for Circular. '■:':
NEW TO-DAY.
We Are '
Frisco's
XL 5. laJVV/ -^
Price Makers.
6-1 b. Pails ATMORE'S MIX CEAIE AT.. f?f)°
20 l b s Fine New' Crop bKiED'PKAKS ©1 .OH
for <Jp J.
MAPLE 'SYRUP— Absolutely" pure, ptr ijrC
GLACE ClTRON— Very'c'lioice'.'per'lb.'.' ( )() c
MIXKD NCT.S-l-'Airkiudß.choiceßVqual'- 1 OIC
iiy, new crop, per lb .*~?, -I—2
MOTi'stlDKlt— Nothing ■better," per C/\C
Ka110a.. '..-.. i.".:.'. .-.. . . OU
EAGLK BRAND CO.SDEKSKIj MLLk! "I aO
Large Packages MI NckMEAT! ...... cyQ
SYK P— Western Retinery" Sugar "Drips'. nr 0
6-sallon kegs \)Q
CANDLES— quality, 25 for '.'.'.'. o-C
SARDlNES— Genuine" importea"' 3 "cans <")"C
f0r......... ZO
PICKLES— Crosse & Black wel>'s mixed. one
tOcent«ize OX)
STRING BEANS— 2-lb cans for ...."■.".;; re
PORTER— English, bottled "by Burke, Al .85
per dozen tJpX — .
PORTE ft— Dublin, as good as Euro's, o> 1 . 25
per dnjfn «JJ) I _.
LEMo.NS and ORANGES, 10 lbs for ... m»-j .00
PRUNES, 'new'crojjj French, 21 lbs for.. c« 1 .00
OYBTERS^ifew"pac";, . very lioe, per i\i\C
dozen O\J
WHlSKY— Burke's Irish or Scotch, per QAO
b0tt1e........ ....' OU
WHISKY— O. P. S. Malt, nil quart demi- o- (j
John, worth $1 50 : . OO
CIGARS— 50 in a box. long. tillers, free 1 .00
snaoKers, worth $1 75 per do* ....... «Jpl —
FlGS— White Adria.lc layers, 10-lb rfC
b0xe5........ ;....;„:. ....'...i...... ; • »->
TOBACCO — Seal of North Caro.lna. • AZJB
per lb .'.... ./.... ...: :... J^«- )
COFFEE— Fresh ground, very fine, 10 CgO-OO
lbs ....<JP^
TEA— Family mixed, regular 40-cenc JI»O. 35
grade, 10 lbs .'......; .....«J>^ 1
Ghlrardelll's Breakfast, 6 cans. © I .OO
CHOCOLATE— GhirardelYi'V" Eagle, 1- <2» ] .00 4
p.-una packages, 5 pounds. ,<iP-*-— 1
CHOCOLA 1 E— Ghlrardelli's ground, 3- ; U'JC I
pound cans.... •.•...."....■»■..'.■..' '.'Uw '
TOM.A 4 OKS— New a pack, full . weight 3 r 7f\O
cans, per dozen • "
JELLIES— New pack, 2-pound cans, per ©"I .25
. dozen ; ...... .;■. .'.....; >«JJ)J— —
TABUS FRUITS— New pack, best goods, uj; 1 .20
■"• = per drzvn :..-:..:..'.•..-.- :■;.;?.-.; tjp X
MAPLE S»Y PUP— Absolutely pure,. 1... : (7CO
gallon can#, worth $1 25 , **J
SOAP- Bleaching Savon, best made, 10 A] .OO
bars -..,. «D-I
PEAKS— Dried BarUetts, 20 pound*. .. <£»1 .OO
WE SHIP <VEBVWHBEE.
WHCLi.NE
Wholesale and- Retail Grocer,
949-951 MARKET ST.,
Between Filth and Sixth; San 1 ranclnco.
CATARRH A 1 ARK 11
O ATjAJR.!?,!! • • \jA. l it it It 11
LOCAL DISEASE HFJv?/i^S^B
and is the result of colds U^jsi>^M BAUJ;7J3
and sudden climatic ■^^^£s^l
ch-nges. ° < *'>iR\ to '^fi^
' This remedy does not con- R}*WEVtH JWi? Sf M
tain mercury or any other IgVii, *sjt£AM
cream y balm !&|p
Opens ana cleans the Nasal ( III. I) IV HEAD
Passages, Allays Pain and Will/ »J IlEiilf
Inflammation, Heals and Protects the Membrane
from Colds.: Restores the Senses of Taste and
Smell. Is quickly absorbed. Gives relief at once.
60 cents at Druggists, or by mall; samples 10c by
mail. : -, ■ ,-•■-.-,.■
ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warred street. New York
I Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St. \
y STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
' ■ ■ C\ 9% ■• ' v- .
PRETTIER SHOES
PRETTIER UIIVIJU
AT BKDKOCK PRICES CAN BE FOUND IN
our store than anywhere else In this city.
Shoes made after our own ideas, made to wear
weii. look well and fit well. We are making a
specialty of Ladies' $2 Shoes this week Wo are
blockaded by the Spreckels fence and are com-
pelled to sell cb>-an. . You may have heard us say
so before. But did yon ever compare our shoes
and prioes with those bought from other dealer* T
1 here noreimler in city giving the values
we are for $2. Ladies' Kr.uxaroo, Calf button,
straight foxed, new coin toe, double soles, reversed
button tit, a fine winter shoe, reduced to $2; mM
elsewhere for 3. ♦' * : • - ■ ••
"■"^■^■^■" .. Ladles'. Twentieth
_^,^A ' '71 Mil Century Lac» Shoes,
• Ml > \Sb\ ; with kid or cloth tops.
w 'Ml l^^l durable soles, ittralsht
I lA - lil foxed, with kid tops
0 >&l ■ lAI or circular vamps and
S ■ wjf cloth tops, pointed toes
"jj**^,^ Ta, '*' Wr and ' patent leather «
■yftJTT*'*^^S ' ''■*'' tips: every pair gnaf-
.Ti£Sl^^»«^^^**vma anteed. The very lat-
* ga^ l " i " l » i:.Ai&»» est. swelest styles.
52.00. 1 Reduced to Si. --
. Ladles' . Extra Fine "^^jg^^""'' 1 '""""
Vlcl Kid Button, with V 2 MSI
either clo:h or kid tops. tiii^A Rf^
pointed or narrow square Iy ( §tt*^y ■ Vi I
toes ani patent leather Kssss£t£s£K. . VW
tips, pliable soles. For t^^v*^®®w V
one week reduced to §2. h<^ BM
:..'■' '■ 82.00.
SPECIAL— LADIES' EXTRA
QUALITY FINE RUBbERS,
extra light, reduced to 25c.
«S~. country orders solicited.
* ASt~ Send for New Illustrated Catalogue.
"Address ' ••■
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street. San FrancUoo.
I*^B These tiny Capsules are superior
f\% to Balsam of Copaiba,
If A CubebsorlniectionsaridfffllDrJl
\OJ I CURE IN 48 HOURS \^A
iw J the 6ame diseases without!
inconvenience.
-^^ - *' Sold by all druggists, \
nniloUPO FOfi BARBERS* BAK-
KkIISHpS 1 '" bootblacks, ba;h-
PnUUIIIiU bouses. billiard - tables* ,
l brewers, - bookbinders, candy.makers, canners. J
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper- A*
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, stable- r
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. t> - TJ- •
• • \_, BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturer*.
IK ."PATENTS* 3
Y***ZZQ MARKET S.T.SfS*Ur .GREAT BRITAIN
AND VENEZUELA
Diplomatic Relations of the
Two Countries to Be
Resumed.
An Envoy on the Way to Lon
don From the South Ameri
can Republic.
Success ot the Scheme of the Powers
for the F nancial Contro. of
Turkey Is Doubted
LONDON, Eng., Not. 2L— Through
communications t at have been received
from Caracas the Foreign Office here has
been given to understand that a Vene
zuelan envoy is coming to London. It
will be remembered that tte trouble over
the boundary caused a rupture of diplo
matic relations between Great Britain and
Venezuela, but According to a Foreign
Office official these relations will shortly
be resumed. The comine envoy will be
accredited as a regular Minister on the
settlement of the dispute beiween the two
countries as has heen arranged through
the intervention of the United States. He
will also be accredited as Minister to
France, where Venezuela haR long been
represented by a Consul-General.
The statement that the powers were
considering a scheme for the financial
control of Turkey under European Minis
ters, mention of which was made in the
dispatches of the United Associated
Presses on Tuesday last, meets with
sarcasm and incredulity on the part of
the best informed British and Continen
tal newspapers. According to the reports
Sir Ed car Vincent, governor of the Im
perial Ottoman Bank, was to be Minister
of Finance, a Kussian officer was probably
to be Minister of War, while a Frenchman
was to be Minister of the Interior. The
Grand Vizier was to remain president of
the Council of State. It was stated that
the scheme provided for the raising of a
loan of £5,000,000, the placing of the police
under European control and a reduction
of the army.
It was further provided that each
I vilayet should have a European re
ceiver, answeraDle to the Minister of Fi
nance, lor collecting taxes and raying sal
aries; that there would be a complete re
vision of the civil and military laws, and
that any officers who had been conviued
of crime or who were otherwise unfit to
hold office should be removed; that the
gendarmerie should be entirely reorgan
ized: that religious belief should not de
bar any man from office, and that all com
munities should have equal rights.
Thongh disbelief is expressed as to the
truth of any part of the statement, there
is no doubt that Sir Edgar Vincent is
making a tour of the European capitals
try. rig to rearrange the Turkish finances.
He -as, however, no authority from the
feu. tan beyond the rigbt to extend Euro
pean control of the revenues of Turkey on
condition that a loan be raised. The Sul
tan is willing to take all the money he can
get, but he will not abandon a shred of
his despotic rale.
The s-upposition is that the powers will
do nothing regarding Turkey until the
several Embassadors at Constantinople,
who are now away on leaves of absence, re
turn to their p>sts.
The Cabinet councils which have been
proceeding since the4;h of November have
resulted, so far as Irish legislation is con
cerned, in agreeing upon the immediate
formation of a Board of Agriculture for
Ireland. The opinion of the majority In
Parliament has already approved creation
of the board. The measure had a place in
the programme of the last session. Mr.
Plunkett'a recess committee has given im
petus to its formation by completing a
scheme for the assistance of Irish agricul
ture, and finally the failure of the potato
crop has made some active Government
demonstration inevitabe. The ooard is
therefore to be constituted.
The United Associated Presses has di
rect authority for stating that while lead
ing permanent heads of the Treasury con
cur in estimating that Ireland has long
been overtaxed, the amount yearly is not
nearly equal tottie sum stated by the com
mission.
There has just been an accession of Lib
eral-Unionist Peers and county magnates
to the Carlton Club, which marks the abo
lition of old lines between Whig and Tory
families. Tee Duke of Devonshire and
Mr. Chamberlain, learning that some of
their wealthiest adherents had assented
to their names beinp put up at the Carl
ton, tried to induce them to withdraw
their nominations. It is no ea-y matter
to get elected at this exclusive club, and
as the Carlton committee made special
recognition of the candidature of these de
sirable Liberal-Unionists the pressure of
the Duke and Mr. Chamberlain was exer
cised in vain. The significance of the mat
ter is that these Liberal-Unionists will
henceforth be purely conservative and will
place their purses and influence at the
service of the Tory party.
Lord Dufferin has settled all doubts
about his political bias by joining the
Ulster Reform Club, a Liberal-Unionist
institution wiicreof Mr. Chamberlain and
the Duke of Devonshire are members.
Lord Dufferin is henceforta an avowed
antagonist of home rule.
The divorce suit instituted against Earl
Cowley revives some recollections of his
career. The general public first heaxd of
him when, as Viscount Dangan, he was
defendant in a breach-of- promise action
brought by the actress, Miss Phyllis
Broughton. Miss Phyllis, under arrange
ment, got £10,000 from Viscount Dangan.
Soon afterward he married Lady Violet
Neville, daughter of the Marquis of Aber
gav--nny. Now comes the divorce suit.
There is, beyond society talk, nothing
bpeuially to be recorded about this person.
He bas a repute as a clever sportsman, a
first-rate rider, winning events at county
meetings everywhere. He owes his rank
to his direct descent from the first Lord
Cowley, the historically famous diplomat,
who was a brother of the first Duke ot
Wellington, and came in for a part of the
triumphs and spoils of the Duke.
The first Lor 1 Cowley was made Baron
in 1828; the second, a well- Known and
notably clever English Embas.sador at
Pans, was created an Earl, and the third
is the gentleman who now makes his ap
pearance in the divorce court.
The solicitor of Edward J. Ivory, alias
Bell, the alleged Irish-American dyna
miter, who was formally committed yes
terday for trial at the Old Uailey, siaies
that his client is in good spirits and is
hop>fulof acquiitni. A powerful defense
is being arranged. A number of impor
tant witnesses will come from New York
and testify in behalf of Ivory.
Messrs. Woods and MallinsQn. British
delegates to the trades conference to be
held in Cincinnati, sail to-day for New
York on the steamer Campania.
Since a conference ol vestries held on
November 10 decided upon abolishing dis
orderly houses in the West End '.he police,
under compulsion to support the vestries,
have been assiduously and perhaps hon
estly trying where to put the disorderlies.
made to the Home
Office caused private* orders to be issued
from Scotland Yard to re-enforce the
police in Piccadilly, Regent street and
other haunts of persons of evil character.
They were swept out of one resort only to
congregate in another. A few nights' ex
ercise of thi Home Office edict convinced
theauthorities.il they required convinc
ing, that, as hitherto has been the case,
over-regulation resulted in increased dis
order.
The edict has been relaxed, and the ves
tries now seek for a special bill, which will
get at the evil to some extent. This
measure will increase the fines levied on
conviction of keepers of disorderly houses
and will make it criminal and punishable
for any person to mate money or obtain a
livelihood by prostitution of others. This
provision is a singular comment on the
existing law of England, wh.ch has never
yet dealt with the peculiarly horrible
creature known in Paris as an "Alphouse"
and too well known in London as a "Pons."
NER SLALN OF WAGES.
Readjustment and Jirduction* of the
lll'noi* Steel Company.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 21.— The Illinois
Steel Company has >.iven notice to its em
ployes in the blast furnaces in opera ion
at the South Chicago Works that on De
cembtr 1 a reduced scale of wages will l-o
into effect. Keepers will be paid $-40,
helpers $180 and $190, cinder-snappers
$1 75, iron-carriers $2 20. top-fillers $1 95,
harrow men $1 80. This scale is called a
readjustment of wages and not a reduc
tion by the company, although it cuts the
wages of the "second side" men who sot
a 25-per-cent increase by striking in July,
1895, irom 15 to 25 per cent.
The men who compelled the company
to give them a 10-per-cent increase by
striking in May, 1895, are not affected by
the new scale. Ihe notice poste ! states:
"In case it is found necessary to make
further reductions in the above scale
thirty days' notice will be given of such
cbange,»and it is expected the employes
will give notice thirty days prior to i he
time they detu&ud an increase of wage, to
take effect."
First Vice-President Goode said to-day:
'•This readjustment leaves the wages in
our mills 5 per cent greater than the
highest wa^es paid in Piitsburg mills, our
competitors. We don't care if the men
like it or not."
CANNOT PAY THE INDIANS.
Kansas and Nebraska settler* Made a
-*ew Prrpomition to the Otoe*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 21.— The
lone-pending case between certain settlers
in Kansas and Nebraska and the O.oe and
Missouri Indians, the lands of the latter
being purchased by the settlers and never
paid for, seems no nearer solution than
when they were bou_ht.
Bad crops, it is claimed, prevented the
settlers from meeting their obligations to
the Indians. From time to time they
have made concessions to the settlers, but
the latter have tailed to pay. The last
proposition from the Indians was that the
settlers were to pay the remainder dve —
about $220,000 and interest— within « year.
Tiie settlers, however, refused to accept it.
The sett ers now make a counter propo
sition. They bought these lands during
boom times and agreed to pay high prices
for thsni, but now want to vay the value
appraised by the Government and interest
at 5 per cent per annum from the date of
sale instead of the price agreed upon by
them when the tracts were soid at public
auction. They claim that the court who
ordered the lands soid at public sale was
acting contrary to the law under which all
ceded Indian reservations are disposed of,
and therefore the agreement to pay the
higher price was "null and void.
DEFECTS IN THE TEXAS.
Thfy Mutt Be r.em-aied Before the Vet-
act Can (ro to .1«3!
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 21— The
Navy Department has decided that certain
im perfections exist in the battle-ship
Texas and has determined to make an ef
fort to remedy them. These conclusions
were reached at a consultation of the
bureau chiefs in Secretary Herbert's office
to which Captain Henry Glass, com
mander cf the unlucky ship, had been
summoned from New York. Up to tbis
time the department has declined to rec
ognize that anyt me was the matter with
the ship and under these circumstances
there has been a clash between Captain
Giass and Admiral Bunce, the latter de
siring to have the Texas go out and drill
with his squadron, w he Captain Glass
has urged tnat she be permitted to stay
in a navy-yard long enough to correct her
various defects. It was derided to-day
that the ship would remain at Brooklyn at
least thirty days for necessary work upon
her.
C RAPMAS'S CELEBRATED CASE.
i onriction of the Contumacious Witnest
nefor* the Supr> m* Court
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 21.— The
celebrated ca?e of Elverton K. Chapman,
the contumacious sugar trust witness, is
belore the Supreme Court of the United
States on a motion by Solicitor-Genera!
Conrad to dismiss the writ of error al
lowed by the District Court of Appeals.
Chapman was convicted for refusing to
testify before a Congressional investigat
ing committee and sentenced to pay a
fine of $100 and be imprisoned for thirty
days. The Solicitor-Geneml in support
of his motion reviewed judgments of the
district courts in criminal cases. Ex-
Senator Edmunds and ex-Judge Jere M.
Wilson for Chapman opposed the motion,
ariiUi'taß that "the Supreme Court of the
United States had the rigbt and power to
review such judgments.
DEATH OF J OURGE MANN.
Wat a IHxtint/uithed Writer, Lawyer,
lAnguint and Diplomat.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. . 21.— Judge W.
Grayson Mann died to-day at his home in
this city, a ed 64 years. He was a dis
tinguished man of letters, linguist law
yer and diplomat; but had long been in
private life. His lather, A. Dudley Mann,
negotiated the first reciprocity .reaty for
the United States as First Assiotant Sec
retary of State under President Buchanan.
His father was the first Diplomatic Com
missioner of the Coniederacv to co to
Europe, being accredited to " thirty-nine
German principalities. Mann was
his fathers companion and interpreter
during that time, j During . the last years
of his Ufa Jud,e Mann was engaged in
writing his father's memoirs, which were
published recently.. He was born on the
family estate in /Virginia.
Sutritte of a Shoplifter.
WAUKESHA, Wis., Nov. 21.— Mrs.
Johns, who was recently arrested here
on a charge of shoplifting and was under
bonds for appearance for trial to-day
committed suicide early this morning by
taking carbolic acid. She also attempted
to kill the three youngest children by
forcing carbolic acid down •' their ) throats
while they were asleep, but only succeeded
in burning their faces; and lips and nause
ating them.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896.
GENUINE REFORM
IS HOT EXPECTED
William Will Not Curb the
Brutal Tactics of His
Army Pets.
Shows No Disposition to Per
suade Military 0 ficrs They
Are Not Superior Bsings.
Liberals Oppose the Scheme of Dr.
Miquel for the Conversion of
the Prussian Debt.
BERLIN, Germany, Nov. 21.— 1t is now
cone.de i on all sides that the debate
which took place in the Reichstag this
week in volvn:g discussion of the subjects
of dueling in the army ami the killing of
Siebmann by Lieuteuant baron yon Bruse
witz at Carlsruhe, instead of modifying
the attitude of military officers toward
civilians, or tending to alter the military
code duello, has, on the contrary, had a
tendency to intensify the exi^tin^ preju
dices on the part of both officers and
civilians.
When General yon Gossler was ap
pointed Minister of War upon the retire
ment of General Bronsart yon Schellen
dorf, it was surmised that the Emperor
had a very slight intention indeed of in
tervening to prevent dueling, and the at
titude assumed by General yon Gossler
in the Reichsta has confirmed the very
worst forebo dingK.
The new War Minister showed himself
throug out the discussion as possessed of
the very narrowest ideas of military caste,
and plainly showed that he was fretting
under the necessity of responding to the
remarks of the members of the Reichstac.
The result is that the Government's
promised measure ot reform in the mili
tary judicial procedure is already thor
oughly distrusted. Nobody believes that
the Kaiser is willing to initiate a system
of genuine reform in the army or that his
Majesty is in the slightest degree willing
to lead a movement to persuade military
officers that they are not superior beings,
but mere citizens.
The proposals of Dr. Mique!, Prussian
Minister of Finance, for the conversion of
the Prussian debt fiom 4 per cent into 3>_
per cent bonds include the paying of the
debt annually, with the creation of a bal
ance or sinking fund. This proposal is
due to the fact that the surplus amounts
to 60,000,000 marks, a sum transcending
the most sanguine calculations. The Lib
erals oppose the scneme, as they want to
have the surplus devoted to the reduction
of the rate of taxation. Nevertheless Dr.
Miquel has eot his own way in the forma
tion of the bud.-et and this fact confirms
the impression that he will be the com
plete master of the Prussian finances.
The bill briefly referred to in the speech
from the throne read in the Laodtag by
Prince Hohenloh* yesterday is a measure
dealing with the law governing Alsatians,
and restricts the privileges of public meet
ings, especially those of societies and clubs
organized and controlled by a central as
sociation. Purely local unions, however,
are less restricted by the operation of the
measure than heretofore.
The Freisinnige Zeitung (Radical), com
men-me on the bill, expects that there
will be a systematic limitation of the right
of association.
The Kreuz Z»itung advocates thp plan of
leaving th • various Federal States to en
act their own laws in regard to the so
cieties.
Last June Ercbassador Uhl lodged a
complaint in the Berlin Foreign Office set
ting forth that accord. ng to German sta
tistics considerable percentages of the
wines, beers and spirits exported from
Germany to the United States were found
to have been adulterated, and asking wh't
measures would be adapted by the Ger
man Government to prevent a continu
ance ol the practice.
The Fore.gn Office did not reply to this
communication until a few weeks ago,
and then evaded an explicit statement as
to what means of prevention the Gov rn
ment proposed to tare. This response
nut being satisfactory Ernbas-ador Uhl re
peated his comrlaint, and now it is jjiven
out that the Government will order an ex
haustive inquiry into the matter.
The Frantfort Zeitung, commenting
upon Mr. Uhl's protest, suggests that the
United States Government is searching for
pretexts to limit the volume of German
imports, and for this reason isdeciying
German pro lucts. "The charge levied
against the cxnorts of bad beer, wines and
spirits," the Zeitung says, "may be dis
proved, but utterances without proof are
dangerous weanons. The whole question
is one of high importance to Germany, as
•h»» exports of beer to the Un ted Ktates in
1895 reached a total of 1.000 000 marks and
the exnorrs of wines 5,000,000 marks."
Th« United States Consuls in Germany
have reported to the Washington Govern
ment upon the effect, of the cold currency
upon prices and waees in Germany and
the consensus of their views ami observa
tions is that the price of goods has fallen,
waees have risen and the deposts in sav
ings banks have increased.
Afainiit Foreign Invasion.
RALEIGH, N. C, Nov. 21.-Governor
Carr, at the request of the Governor of
Florida, has appointed twelve delegates to
the convention which meets at Tampa
January _0 to consider the question of for
tifying the harbors on the bouth Atlantic
gulf coasts against foreign invasion.
Very Farombl* to Kneebt.
SIOUX CITY, lowa, Nov. 21. — The
Kneebs hearing was finished to-aay.
Commissioner Vocke stated he would hear
another witness in Chiraeo Novemter 24
to which th<* defense objected. The testi
mony throughout was vsryv s ry favorable to
Kneebs.
CUT NOSE
Spite face is "all same" taking what you
don't want for what you do wnnt. When you
wish a good bowel or blood medicine ask for
and get Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. It cure«.
Don't take a nasty substitute lor that which is
good. Get Joy's. Don't take anything else.
A WORD TO our kind FRIENDS. PtV-pV •
Vyt .If ever a house had occasion to render thanks fervently and devoutly it is the Big
O V Kearny -street House. Nothing but Divine Providence saved our Big Building on November -^i?§_v"' v x ' '^^* 3^
€> O 10 th from dire destruction by fire. We feel grateful; we feel like giving un thanks. '■'■> 'VyiP^^r^/ / /
& & '*' c OWG thanks to our kind- friends for their sympathy as well as for. their patronage. / y\/P^^^^k\/ '
J\ X Our store now is as clean as a whistle ; the stock is brand new ; it's a holiday stock; it's a /jK W^rvfti \ r^
A X stock that we're showing two weeks ahead of time. / / /^^/WIIKV
5C JC In order to show our appreciation and thanks we shall make you prices for next week . / J/' %^^ffto(()/ /-*
•yr *£ that will prove astonishing when we couple them to the high-class goods that we will hay& ' ' <'' J&vtdfS^ilM /. / '
onsale ' " /'J\lp^/ '
_jth Her "~ y..' ~^^~~~~"^a T <~r\/^ TttjfCSlli /j^S-g YOU caxt tou . cfi in stores in toxin under
|W|[_ ~~ — "v s..- j. _. . i. ji _. J^^ i-"~~~dKMjPS-l\/^ frW $.1.50, made Jrom hie h-grade Blue Chinchilla,
«_ft _Aa \ -'^S/^^^A-^iff^^i ~-^~- ] IX^ & \^S&^ 'em on exhibit in our big window, at
fir ™41 \ — I J $2.50
£^OP <~f£j. jy/J, u')'Y)\Wrt^) J^ iirffl^ I "I^l $6.60 vuits. You'll find
A Ssis^"* "^^fC^^jJ/jh )) )\ T jf"* i_^T"^' 'mm v ~^*'^ ' 1 A_L stone's throw jrom our
S|y|^ giving- jL j[
. braid on collar, very S^v| eSsT;;*.*
V V There's no more smoke. It has been wafted away. Prices made the goods move from off Tl^J^ii Yim'tf — <IP^
Vsf our counters rapidly. What we have to offer now are all perfect goods; the highest class of stuff. _\H&i_7Y\ p&&h2i
O€> holiday clothing ever offered for man, boy and child in this city. umSriSoi'fhoice^-' \\ I /
A A Our tailors have fairly outdone themselves in getting up these holiday creations. In- $s°Suits Monday , , WJm
J%. ¥%> Spection day Monday. '. ■ .... , both Reefer style mid ja&m
. * • ; ; '- . •_• _^ . . the Double - Breasted yßfjflr
. . \ • ™, '. ! I TT7I ; ' fashion for larger boys, ilP*
j ~ — " " I Thanksgiving Offerings ■ actual bona-fide $5 Sla
? EifeJ- *»% v<inliH!tTr We arc the $ rat King Pins for *"'^ > ~''^^""'" _^____
fIBH Jyffl ■ AW I'll ' \ ' Overcoats. They are all perf'd . %
nß__H-T 1♦! 111 llllllk 1 ' now; two floors of 'em, 29,400- t li <L
|U H9 ijjftslilllii ll'lllll Jill* square feet; more overcoats than %_/ Cj TF C\
Kb JjjySwHr ™HfliyP_n — L ™a^ tne °th er houses in San rf A/ f X^J .
Wt^jßH^^^X^^^^^ F . rancisco combined, and pret- <>^^S^
j^SpSMßgf^^^aj^^ljW \^***^ ( v5_S- coats in Oxford gray and brown, / /¥*s>y/W A
flfijajEMr j ,\v I Vj j tailored. Thanksgiving week // T^k C-*__^a /
Bjll /// J j ) Some 250 of those right swell Q&wf \\ SY
HmL /A I I y-J7\ y English Cheviot Overcoats in \^ jy/\
IJKvyratadf L~_ -^VW blue and black, the wide rib, y j Sj£S/ *J f
B1_\^«l1S- V /tr ~!^^__3 with velvet collar, pure satin /\/*2&%r///
rTSSal^___B / Ifl T == \ sleeve lining, $15 values; they're /\ ///\'/
Iv^^lv^ (?t?SS,J "1 • shown in our window exhibit. , \a /'"' / /.
Iw^^Sfflf f/T \ We place .'em on sale as a A * / /T?/^
Mm 1 I '11 l Our next offer consists of a /s^
I to / j 1 special, a high-class line of $18 \ /*"
I J\l \ Overcoats. You can have 'em in J«^r- .. -^jSP
\ \\^_. _*^^ dium length and the long Poole JO!L ~" "* " *
\ \ \ \1 I out any finer ones. You can have -»_ n*. n t.* -' .•"' » a *
I \ 11 \ 11 • I ■*a-rtn--iv,--Klito 7.7 rm, n 7 „ a x — "^ -the greatest utter %n oil America,' mads
J c4l \_ 11 \ 1 I em in Olue, Olac/C and brown; from the world-famed Shannon tweeds, for
I \^ I. \ I 1 also in Several Shades Of tan. tods between the. ages of 5 and 15; many
I \1 : ■ \ 1.7 Garments specially gotten un for di ff eraitst y l " tose i ec rorn ' , Ulsters equal to
I \1 \ I - / ''+T,'o<Knl4Ani7~-t~m~'J** ; <A«. - —x, H 'j ' other stores 6 and $7 values, in blue and
I H I_J / trie flOOiaay trade. AS a hanks- pretty Scotches; cut extra long, reaching way
11 J^Z\ I giving special, we will place them down below the ankles, made with deep storm
n '£* LV onsale, and they' re on exhibit in collar \, ckv^ rl y tailored, possessing all the
O our bid! com pt inir, rlmti .""""" warmth and comfort of an ulster, but just as
f~y our Dig corner Wl-naow, at dressy tn appearance as the dressiest overcoat.
«s * — — 88>OO • As a Thanksgiving special they're on sale,
«' ' '■' — — '■ — — .■■■■-■ _  ■ „ . ■.. .- ■•■■.. .;-_ i - ■.■ ■ '■, '• .-. - ' and on exhibit in our corner. window, at
Thanksgiving Offerings in Men's Suits. —$3.50.—
■ ,^ . , Our creations for the Holiday trade in Men's Suits are simvlv xT Boys ' Heavy Fast-black Ribbed Hose,
\\ --.. brilliant. They are on exhibit in both our windows ; they'll prove 2wff2 ye> °* a Thank °9 ivin 9 s P eciai
>s_^ r\ interesting to lovers of high-class clothes. maaym 1n - ~ o ■
_> v -ft C^_3 ttv. -*t '" ; ■■■' ■■'■'-■' '•'-<■ : '' ~~ — ~ — ~ — : — — ~ lv^c per "3.1 r»
-!&*>.- A >**' We. will have on sale Monday Lovers of style and high-class ~" — ~~™ .„„„ ...
__^Vv*fST« ±l>tA morning some 1500 Suits in , . 77 , *, • Some very swell
$ff ) V«J/I^^A?^ fashionable colorings; in neat dress will no doubt appreciate Y~X> ' ....
M/ ' \if'/ yfl^y (\& * plaids and checks, Suits that the fact that we have gone to £01 creations •» suits for
I LJnl !/' ii "^s^ss^— «^^ \L
Bk V — \f At/ ' f M are on exhibit in our corner win- our Holiday stock of <$ 18 Suits /Ml v\ AW
\A/J\m\ ••rJ# doWat:^nn - <in Cutaways,™ Single-breasted iTWm^^Tr^
■W/ m ■" T - --$0-00-- Sacks and in that very swell / UmU *°" * °
m X [Ml 11 1 JQ : -- M star Thanksgiving special is Winter garment, the Double- \ Vl/PT_\\ """ ■ wor ' ted cheviot
■ li Hrffi A a very excellent and high-class ■ kvan *,jo7j-_7 . . \ ?T~T\ • ' utt ' m a neat laid >
'ft H f' EnglUh : Worsted Cheviot Suit, oreasted *ack . In blues, m mix- \d f\) a very swell tailor-like
II \\\ neat plaids,. made with fly- tures, in fine Worsteds and in V / creation, a suit that
\ f\. \\\ front vest, the very quintessence Cheviots, in fancy plaid suit- A you can't duplicate in
\ / l V \\ . of style and art tailoring, a suit . • -,-,-, -, H -? ?A rrf~, X th ,
, \!J \\ \ 1 that you cannot duplicate in any ln £ s > all high-class garments. . any -°f"', ' m
$ ■■&■ jm : i^gpp^fii^ ii^isii ; ;
i window to-day and as a Thanks- exh <ibit in our comer window '\\ \.'[ - Special we hay, placed
6ivin& Special at l '"'. at VJ VA these suits on sale at
■_'-___^;_ 1 _ 1 : ;;,.^..;;,^^ ° --$7.50- -$9.00- * - $6.25.
i^-A__f>_k.__.:e_i_ 7 s r !rS_jp_e_:_a___3ii. ? s
UNOORPORATBD). - • - (IN-rroi?,FOK.A.rrE3D), ; '- '
9 11 I*3 and IC-l/AnrnwQtmoF ~ THE FRISCO BOYS r
, ii 5 i<3 ana io i\earny oireei. g n 10 ~nd ir Kppirnv^trA^t
fM , fl WKn tifio^'nfh * of. 7nn* 0V v H n *. ,i Eeady for the Eolida y *»si™* With the Grandest Stock
Two Whole, Floors of 'Em, 29,400 Square Feet to Overcoats Alone. Ever Shown , in This City ■•
NEW TO-DAT— CLOTHING.
34
SHE WOULD SLAT
TO GAIN REVENGE
Jerome Westgate of San
Diego Pursued by a
Woman.
"I'm After Him and I'm Going
to Kill Him," Is Her Bold
Declaration.
Claims She Is His Real Wife, Though
He Led Another to the
Altar.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Nov. 21.— Jerome B.
Westgate seems to have been born to
trouble of a peculiar kind. He is a mild
man of soft speech and unassertive blond
whiskers; but he seems to stir up strife
among the women with whom he has
sworn the marriage vow. His historic
trouble with ttie first Mrs. Westgate was
supposed to have been settled over a year
ago, when he applied for a divorce. He
married the second Mrs. Wftstg%te, and
thought— good, easy man— that his sor
rows were over.
An era of peace settled over his house
and continued until this week, when it
was rudely broken by the avenging first
wife, who swooped down from Montana
like a biizzard, without warning. It was
at tbe Westgate home that the exile first
appeared.
"Are you Mrs. Westgate?" she asked
in a tragical whisper of the shrinking little
woman who had taken Westeate's name.
"Oil, I didn't mean to a-k you that. Of
course you are not. lam tbe only Mrs.
WfS«aie, bad luck to the name. Wtiere
is be? Where is that man Westgate. I
don't want to hurt you, but I'm after him,
and I'm going to kill nim."
Air. Westgute No. 2 was frightened al
most to death, but before she could say or
do anything her predecessor in Westgaie
affections bad swept out and was even
tnen hunting for the mild-eyed blond.
The second wife recovered from the
shock alter a time and hurriedly sent word
that the ex-wue was after him with a
pistol. Westgate received the word while
at work. Tue news ieft him bereft of
sense. He rat down on a stone and
trembled, and ttien leaped up and got out
of sight. For three or four days he
avoided his former haunts, sending word
to No. 2 by messenger. With great good
luck, and. to the saving of his lite, ho
evaded the avenger.
It is said, however, that she is still in the
city and lying in wait for him to return to
No. 2. when sne will swoop down like an
avenging nemesis.
FLAMES ENWRAPPED HER BODY.
Mrs. Addie Dilts, an Aged Widow of Re-
dondo. Suffering From Frightful
Burns.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 21.— Mrs.
Addie Dilts was horribly burned at Re
donao this morning, and is not expected
to live. Mrs. Dilts is 63 yearb of age, a
widow, and resides iv a small cottage on
Eme/ald street, Redondo, just opposite the
Congregational Church. With her lives
her five-year-old girl.
The house is segregated from the cluster
of dwellings at Redondo, the nearest habi
tation being over a block away.
It is not known exactly how the affair
occurred, but it is surmised that Mrs. Dills'
apron caught fire from a gasoline stove
and ignited her dress before She could
extinguish the flames.
Tne poor woman, though conscious, is
unable to relate any of the circumstances,
as she rolls in agony on her little cot,
with the akin dropping from her body in
great patcnes.
The little girl says she heard a scream
from Mrs. Dilts and beheld her rushing
out of a rear door toward a hydrant, her
dress in flames. The little one ran to the
nearest neighbor lor assistance.
When heip arrived Mrs. Dilts was found
rolling in tun pool of water made by the
flowing hydrant, with every vestige of her
apparel burned from her and a few smold
ering remnants near by.
The poor woman did nothing but moan
until sne was carried to tbe house, where
she gave vent to her sufferincs in heart
rending shrieks. Frequently she cried
out for the doctors to kill her, as she could
not stana the anguish.
SANTA ROSA OFFICER ERRS.
Accuses an Innocent Woman of Possess
ing a Resemblance to a Notorious
Female Burglar.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Nov. 21— There
was an angry woman and a crestfallen
officer at tbe Northern Pacific depot Jbere
this morning. It was all on account of
the mysterious woman in black, who, by
the way, is still pilfering with perfect im
punity, and whom the police are very
anxious to catch sight of.
So when a lady somewhat tall and
somberly attired appeared at the depot
this morning, evidently with tbe inten
tion of jjoiiig to San Francisco, Officer
Hy Groshong approached her and asked
if she was a resident of the city and where*
she was going.
Tne iady indignantly resented the ques
tions and flatly told the officer it was
none of bis business. When she was told
that she resembled tbe woman in black
with burglarizing tendencies her race
knew no bounds, and stepping into a car
riage she ordered the driver to take her to
a residence on Petaluma avenue.
Subsequently an investigation proved
that the lady did not even resemble the
woman burglar, except in the matter of
dress, and the whole police force here has
been busy apologizing ever since. Mean
while the reul woman in black pursues her
trade with regularity and profit, addin<»
two more raids to her list to-day.
NEW MEXICO LAND CASE.
Canyon Del Rio Colorado Grant Op
posed by th* tiorernment.
SANTA FE, N. M., Nov. ; 21.— 1n the
United States court of private land
claims yesterday the Canyon del Rio
Colorado grant case, pretending to em
brace 2,939,21 acres in Taos County, and
to cover the Red River mining district,
was tried, argued and submitted, .with
leave to file printed briefs. Messrs. Matt
G. Reynolds and W. H. Pope represented
the Government.
The most important document intro
duced by the Government was a certified
copy of a decree of the court of private
laud claims rendered. in 1893 in ; the San
Antonio del Rio Colorado grant case, dis
missing ti-e petition. The. Government
contended that as the alleged Canyon del
Rio Colorado gram lies directly within the
boundary of the San Antonio del Rio
Colorado grant, t' ere was. nothing to be
done except to reject the former claim.': -
Sudden Heath at Redding.
REDDING, Cal., Nov., 21. — John
Major, one of Shasta County's most
prominent citizens, died at his home in
this city last night. He was sitting in his
parlor watching liis two sons piay cards
and died without uttenne a sound. Mr.
Major was postmaster of Redding during
Cleveland's second term. He was a
Mason and member of the A. O. TJ. W.
HISSING FROM JULIAN.
Mrs. Thompson and Her Child Believed to
Have Been Murdered by
Indians.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Nov. 21.— Mrs. Bertha
Thompson, a eood-looking young widow
living on the Bush ranch near Julian, fifty
miles east of this city, has disappeared.
She left with her girl baby early last Mon
day night and said the was going to
Orchard for a walk.
She failed to return, and as she had left
her clothing and money behind it was at
once leared that foul play had been done.
So far as known Mrs. Thompson had no
intimates except those of the Bush family
and the Salvation Army, of which she was
a member. There was no known reason
for her going. Within a day or two al> the
country was excited over her disappear
ance and parties of men and boys b»ve
been out for several days scouring tbo
country surroundine the ranch and even
for miles distant.
Early Monday morning three Indians
returning to the desert from a least at
Capitan Grande passed the Bush ranch.
They were hard-loouina; characters, but
no especial attention was paid to them
until after Mrs. Thompson's prolonged
| absence, when the pa sing of the three
I Indians was recalled, and it wa3 thought
that perhaps they were concerned in ber
taking off. It was two days before sus
picion was directed against the Indians,
and then they were easily Oeyocd trailing,
out on the desert.
But experienced cowboys and friendly
Indians were sent on tbe trail as far as
they could l'O, with instructions to push
on to Fig Tree John's ranch, away out on
the desert toward Salton, to see if the In
dians had gone there.
Fig Tree John is a famous character —
an Indian hermit living at tbe springs on
the abandoned roa>l across tbe desert. If
tbe offending Indians are at his place he
will assist the whites in capturing them,
t c having a good record for helping to
apprehend criminals who seek the desert
to escape.
JAMES C. DUNHAM SUED.
Action Brought Against the Campbell Mur-
derer by the Parents of One
of His Victims.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 24.— Jacob A.
Shesler and Elizabeth Shesier, parents of
Minnie Shesier, the domestic who was
killed at tue time of the murder of the
McGlincy family, to-day began tuit in tbe
Superior Courtagainst James C. Dunham,
the murderer, for $25,000 damages.
It is set forth in the complaint that the
girl was the sole support of her aged
parents, and at ih^ time of her death her
services as a domestic were worth $25 per
month, the greater part of which sue de
voted to their support and maintenance.
Mi>s Suesler was helping her parents to
pay off a mortgage on a small Lome in
tnis City.
A claim of $50 for funeral expenses of
the girl is included in the damages asted.
T c plaintiffs aver that by being deprived
of the support of their daughter and her
society, comfort and affection they have
Deen damaged in the sum of $25,000. and
ask judgment against the defendant for
that sum and costs of suit.
There is a mortgage of $1400 against the
Penniman Fruit Company in Dunham's
name, and if judgment is obtained this
will be levied upon. Shortly before the
murder was committed the fugitive or
dered Attorney Go s to begin foreclosure
proceedings on tne mortgage, but no
action has ever been taken.
CAST OFF BY KITH AND KIN.
Sufferings of an Aged Man Who Was Once
a Wealthy and Influential
Citizen.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 21. -Harvey
Pomeroy, a poor and decrepit old man
nearly 80 years of age, applied at the
Sneriff's office this morning for financial
assistance.
The old man told a sad story. He said
he wanted to raise $1 50, in order to go to
Gilroy, where an old friend, John Starks,
had promised to care for nim in consider
ation of $300 he owed him.
Pomeroy said that at one time be was a
wealthy and influential citizen of Illinois,
having married the daughter of a million
aire. About eighteen years ago his wife
died and his father-in-law took every
thing from him.
To ad i to his misfortunes, a year ago
the old man's only son, who is said to be
a prosperous merchant in Cuicago, dis
owned him. He then came to this city,
where he has a brother living, but the lat
ter refused to help him..
Pomeroy has been an inmate of the
County Hospital, but of late has been
living in a small cabin near Steiger'n pot
tery, and the old man Fays he has suffered
for want of warmth and the necessaries of
life. He will be sent to Gilroy.
WEALTH OF SAN JOAQUIN.
Products of the County to Be I xhibited
at /rfmu'i Fair.
STOCKTON. Cal.. Nov. 2L— The Stock
ton Commercial Association, having de
termined to put San Joaquin County to
the front at the great citrus exposition
next month, is inviting the co-operation
of every farmer aud fruit-grower in pre
paring a first-class exhibit. Colonel H. G.
Shaw, the representative of the associa
tion, is now engaged in securing choice
exhibits of the products of the soil, raw
and manufactured. He has already re
ceived much encouragement, and tbe in
dications are that this county will make a
splendid showing.
It is too late in the reason for green
fruitt, but a very superior collection of
dried and preserved fruits, in glass jars
and hoxe-, is assured. A hne display oi
almonds and other nuts has been prom
ised. The wine exhibit, too, will be some
thing to be proud of. The great bean crop
of San Joaquin County will be in evidenco
throueh standard cam pies and the line of
cereals and flour and meal products will
be the best at the fair. Excellent cheese
is manufactured in this county, and the
commercial association will endeavor to
see that the dairy industry receives recog
nition.
PORTLAND RUNSERS FOILED.
Bra** Stolen From* Southern Pacific
Car* Is Heeorered.
PORTLAND, Or.. Nov. 21.— A scheme
of a band of junk-robbers, who had 1600
pounds of brass concealed in barrels on a
steamship dock, ready for shipment to
San Francisco, was neatly frustrated by
Detective Simmons and Welsh, who ar
rested George Kiss to-day. He is held for
examination until his coniederates can
be found.
The Southern Pacific Company discov
ered to-day that every car It had aide
tracked and stored al Cooks Spur had
been stripped of the brass it was orna
mented with. Tbe top of the barrels
found to-day contained Bcraps of iron, and
from all appearances tte entire contents
consisted of old iron. TJpon prying in
further, however, a layer of burlap was
discovered, and underneatb this tbe bar
rels were lound to contain brass that had
evidently been taken off tbe railroad cars.
Another thin layer of old iron was found
in tbe bottom of the barrels.
Kb*, when asked where he got the brass
and what he proposed to do with it, re
plied that be bad purchased it at 6 cents
per pound and was shipping to San Fran- i
Cisco when he got 6}£ a pound.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896.
PLIED OARS AS
HUNGER GNAWED
Starving Guano Poachers
Picked Up by Friends
at Sea.
Had Escaped in a Small Beat
When Their Junk Was
Seized.
Sighted by the Notorious Hongkong's
Crew When Almost Dead From
Exlic ustioa.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Nov. 21.— The junk
Hongkong, which was chased by the
steamer Pucheco at Santa Rosalia Bay
early this month, arrived in port this
morning with a cargo of gaano. It was to
stop the poaching of guano that the
Pacheco pursued tbe small schooners and
junks from this port, and she captured
two— the schooner Ellen and the junk
Peking. Captain Jensen and two sailors
of the Ellen are now in jail at Eusenada.
Captain Moodlin, "Stuttering Fritz"
(irieber and Larry Nelson of the Peking
got ashore and escaped from the Pacheco.
They were picked up by the Hongkong
at sea south of Cedros Inland, after suffer
ing from starvation, and after returning
to £lid;» Island to load guano they re
turned, reaching San Diego to-day.
"It was a pretty exciting experience,"
said Captain Moodlin. "Stuttering Fritz"
nodded his head. "The Pacheco bore
down upon us oefore we knew it," contin
ued the skipper, "and we thought we were
eoners, sure. We pitched a few eatables
into the small boat, grabbed a cask of
water partly filled, got tbe junk's papers
and tumbled into the boat. Fritz and
Larry pulled for the shore with all their
might and got there just as the Pucheco
was getting her hooks onto tbe Peking.
We made the boat fast to the rock and
jumped ashore and hid in the brush, fear
ing pursuit by the guards on the Pacheco.
"Pretty soon we saw the steamer leaving
with the El. en and Peking in tow and
then we breathed easier, but a new situa
tion was before us and a very dangerous
one. We came near to a horrible death.
As soon as we felt safe from the steamer
we figured up what we had, and found we
had secured only two gallons of water,
two or three cans of tomatoes and a few
cans of corned beef. It was pretty slim
and there we were on a desert island with
sure death within a week unless we got
away. Our first care was t.he boat. We
hurried down to the beach and our hearth
sank as we saw it adrift and going seaward.
We tramped over the barren waste for
twelve miles, following the boat. Finally
it got pretty close to the shore, and we
swam out and got it.
"We started out right away for Cedros
Island, sixty miles to the north. Before
the next morning we saw it was a hopeless
job and began to think of starvation and
its horrors. Our cask of water was almost
empty and we were thirsty irom the con
stant work. We did nut dare eat much
corned beef, as the salt would make us
crave for water still more. The only thing
that would pull us through was the toma
toes, and an excellent thirst-quencher it
was We agreed to take one teaspoonful
an hour apiece, and so, getting down to
starvation rations, we started in on the
second day's pull toward Cedros, which
was out of sight under the horizon. We
pulled faithiuily almost all that day, not
daring to talk much about our condition.
Each man, I suppose, had his own scheme
ot salvation, to be lived when tbe despera
tion of hunger pushed him to throw aside
all restraint.
■'It was then that we saw a sail— the
ugly webbed mainsail of the Hongkong.
It was the most beautiful picture 1 ever
saw, bearing down toward us on a heavy
breeze. With our coats and the oars we
made a signal winch we waved and flut
tered with desperate energy. The course
of the Hongkong took her quite close and
ber skipper saw us and bore down upon
us. He took us on board, where we almost
fell upon the deck from exhaustion. . The
Hongkong ran down to Elida Island, and
we helped the crew load aud hurriedly
put off so as i.ot to be caught napping by
the Pacheco. We got away on the 10th,
and thanked our stars when we were agaiu
on t:.e high seas and free to run up to San
Die^o."
"B-b-b-bu-bu-bet your life dats right,
too," said Stuttering Fritz.
ENIGHTS TEMPLAR CONCLAFE.
Fifteen Comtnanderirt Jtepre**nted at
the !*aernmento Gathering.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Nov. 21.— There
was a large concourse of Knights Templar
here to-day from the various coruman
deries of department 2 to take part in the
conclave, fifteen being present.
Sacramento Commandery No. 2
marched to the depot thla morning to re
ceive the grand officers, who were escort
ed by the drill cors of Golden Gate Com
mandery. and all marched to tae asylum
and the Masonic Temple.
The morning was devoted tp exemplify
ing tie work of the order ol the Red Cross
and the afternoon 10 that of the order of
Knight 3 Templar, under the direction of
Grand Captain-General Eminent Sir John
Garwood.
In the evening the crder of Knights
Templar was conferred by Sacramento
Commandery, the work being highly
praised by the visitors. A banquet fol
lowed, after which toasts and responses
consumed the time until an early hour.
LA LOIS WAS MAD.
Pitayyointod a Lot ■■in;>)>i Audience by
J.e fusing to Dance.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 21.— La Loie
Fuller refused to dance at the matinee
this afternoon.
The entrance money was refunded to
hundreds of would- be spectators with the
explanation that Mias Fuller was too ill to
nil her difficult role. It was alleged that
»be was overcome by nervous prostration.
She appeared to-night, however, and de
lighted a vast audience with her terpsi
chorean charms.
La Loie's manager explained that the
real cause of her refusal to dance this
afternoon was dissatisfaction with tbe
orchestra.
Tbe lead r of the orchestra failed to
comprehend her cues, and the fair dan
seuse became so disgusted that sh- abso
lutely reiused to no cm with the per
formance.
SALT LAKE GAMBLE R SHOT.
Fatally Wounded nmie ■ Climbing to a
Young Ltd*'* Apartmrntt.
SEATTLE. Wash., Nov. 2h— Early this
morning, while attempting to gain an en
trance to the apartment of his cousin and
swet-theart, Miss Annie Farley, daughter
of Michael Farley, a respected contractor
of this ctty, Louis Villard, a earn bier,
until recently a resident of Salt Lake and
Lead vine, was shot and perhaps fatally
wounded.
J. A Gresham, a neighbor of the Far
leys, saw the younc man climb toward a
second-story window, and supposing biro
to be a burglar he tired four shots, one of
which took effect, the ball passing through
Villard's lungs.
Lntil the gnn-wielder confessed respon
sibility for the shooting Villard contended
that his uncle had shot him, as Farley bit
terly objected to Villard's attentions to
nib (Jaunhier.
STORMS IN THE NORTH.
Disaster Threatens Farmers Along Fuyallup
River— Snow and Rain Fall
ing.
PUYALLUP.Wash., Nov. 2L— Payallnp
River, which runs through tim city, has
been doing heavy damage since the storms
of last week. It has washed away its
bank and is now within ten feet of the old
bed, on which are built hopuouses and
other buildings of the farmer for mil3B
down the valley.
Should the stream reach that channel,
as is highly probable, it will cause inesti
mable damage. The Commissioners say
they will build a dam to divert the present
course into a new channel, but nothing
has yet been done and they may bs too
late. Ten acres of Carson's ranch, near
town, has been washed away, and the
river is widening at the rate ottwo to four
yards daily.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 21. -Twelve
inches of snow ieli here up to 6 o'clock
this evenine, when it changed to rain,
which is coming down heavily now. The
gravest anxiety i 3i 3 felt, as this will un
doubtedly cause a recurrence of the floods
oi the last few days. The forecast is for
rain or snow all day to-morrow.
REDDING, Cal., Nov. 21.— Rain is still
coming down in torrents here and reports
from all portions of tbe county are to the
efiect that tbe downpour is general. The
river is rising rapidly.
A young man named Paul Honn of this
city, who just came in from the Burney
Valley country, had a thrilling experince
anc< narrowly e-caped drowning. He was
driving a two-horse wagon loaded with
produce and on reaching a small stream
about twelve miles northeast of this city
found the water niah and running like a
millrace.
Usually there is very little water in the
creek, but when he attempted to cross it
was about full. Thinking he could safely
cross he drove in, and no sooner had the
horses entered the torrent than the rush
of water lifted them completely off their
fe a t. The water rushed over the
wagon, washing out the contents,
and Honn was compelled to grasp
the seat with one hand and try
to hold the animals with the oiher in
order to retain his seat. The harness be
came loosened on one of the horses and
became badly tan?led. Honn nearly gave
up in despair. He was wet to the .-km,
cold and exhausted, but with a heroic
effort, aided by the sagacity ol one of the
animal?, he was enabled to reach the near
shore and came to this city sore and ex
hausted.
LOST TO A PORTLAND GAMELER.
A louth Who Sued to Recover Xow
WiMhe* lie Uadn".
PORTLAND, Ob., Nov. 21.— H. Me-
Kmley, a young man who says he believes
he is related distantly to the family of me
man of Canton, recently lost a sum of
money in Hellen's gambling-house.
He sought to retrieve his waning for
tunes by suing the proprietor for double
the amount. Now he is in a vexatious
predicament, because certain "dead let
ter" statutes are much alive and are
being enforced.
Either he will have to abandon the civil
action against Hellen or else he will have
to convict himself of gambling. If he
convicts himself on the criminal charge
he will in all probability have to pay a
fine.
In his complaint young McKinley says
he lost his money cambling with Hellen,
and that alone would convict him, so that
he is very sorry that he commenced the
action.
SONOMA'S EX-SUDITUR ARRESTED
Aeeuaed of EntbrtzUng Thirteen liollara
and a Half.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Nov. 2L— Gil P.
Hall, ex-Auditor and Recorder of this
county, has been charged by the
Grand Jury with the crime of em
bezzlement while in office. It is
claimed that Mr. Hall recorded
a mortgage on which the charges
were $15,000 and that only $150 was the
amount entered upon the feeboofc. Mr.
Hall declares that it is a clerical error and
that he will have no difficulty in proving
bis innocence. He was arrested and re
leased at once upon $500 bonds.
Jni.'jiiiih'i in Mcde'to Jail.
MODESTO, Cal., Nov. 21.— The young
Englishman, Harry Hardy, who on the
strength of his claims of hav
ing been secretary to the British Con
sul and that be would soon inherit a large
sum gained tbe confidence of people of
this place and borrowed money, con
tracted bills and then fled, was brought
back by Constable Kiernan this afternoon
from Santa Kosa, whare be had been ar
rebtcd.
He asked for an Immediate hearing,
was taken before a Justice of the Peace,
pleaded guilty to obtaining money under
false pretenses ami was sentenced to
thirty days in the County JaiL
Sevada'a Vote Complet*.
CARSON, Nkv., Nov. 21.— Following are
the complete and official election re
turns of this State: Total rote cast,
10,655; MrKinley, 1919; Bryan and
Sewall, 7787; Bryan and Watson,
572; Daves, Republican, for Congress,
1319; Newlands, silver, for Congress, 6529;
Doughty, Peoples, for Cor. cress, 195 a The
silver party State ticket was elected. The
State Senate will stand three Republicans,
one Democrat, one silver, thr<-e indepen
dents and one fusion. The Assembly will
stand two Republicans, one Democrat,
eighteen silver, six fusion and /our inde
pendents.
Portland* M nm ,, r 7trin* Separated.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 21.-Early this
week twins were born to tbe wite of Leo
nard McGovern of this city. The babes
were joined by a ligament similar to that
of the one? famous Siamese twins.
An operation was performed on Thurs
day by one of the most prominent physi
cians in the city, in ihe presence of sev
eral other medical men. and indications
are at the present time that it will prove a
success in all particulars.
The ligament wag removed close «p to
the bodies of each of the irUleonea, and it
is predicted that when they grow up there
will not be even a scar left.
Friend* nf Dumb Animal*.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Nov. 21.-The So
ciety for the Prevenfciou of Cruelty to
Animals was reorganized in this city iast
evening. Miss Gay, the State agent, wes
present and offered t>omo good biigges-
Roy. J. G. Taylor and P. R. Adam* were
elected to fill vacancies on tue board of
trustees and W. E. Rce and S. I. Horton
wer- appointed agents of the society lor
Santa Cruz, H. W. Coon for Utn Lomond
and W. B. Drew for Felton. The society
will begin at once an actl,v« crusade
against cruelty to animals.
J;i ' ; '"""'» ' wtt Attend Church.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Nov. 21:— Colonel
Berry has is-suea orders to the local com*'
panics of the Seventh Regiment* N. G. C.,
commanding ;tli»»m~ to attend -service <\i
Christ Episcooal Cnurchon Sunday .week.
•>'. Rev. 8. Clark, theVctor, who is the regi
ment chaplain, will hold special services on
that day. The Seventh Regiment Band
has been ordered to march at the head of
the companies. Fatigue un forms will be
worn and no outside arms carried. '.'
Thh kia'i — miiisfieecbwi'^BxjccaAU'^
Thb King of Pin, it JBwotojun'^-BWHAM's.
INSTITUTE OF
NAPA FARMERS
Close of a Session That
Has Proved Successful
and Profitable.
Papers Read by Educators and
Discussed by All Who
Attended.
Agriculturists and Orchardists Bene
fited by Experiments of
Scientists.
NAPA, Cal., Nov. 21.— The Farmers'
Institute closed its session of two days
this afternoon. The meetinsr, which was
held nnder the direction of the agricul
tural department of the State iTniversity,
was a pronounced sudcess. Napa County
farmers attended in ereat numbers and
participated in the discussions which
formed one of the profitable features of the
programme.
The programme consisted of the follow
ing papers: fl Our Enemies and Friends
Among the Insects," with special notice
of brown scale and pear aphis, by Pro
fessor Woodworth; "Resistant Stock," A.
tf\ Hayne; "Frost Preventative," Pro-
Tessor George Hussman; "Marketing of
Crops," E. F. Adams; "Desirable Fruits
for Canning and Drying." S. M. Tool;'
"Shade Trees for Streets and Roads," R.
Wylie; "New Field Crops, Such a-* Flax,
Hemp, Sugar Beets, etc.," M. M. McFat
ridge; "Angora Goats," Professor George
Hussman; "Olives," A. P. Hayne; "Dry
ing of Fruits," M. B. Pond; "New Fruits,"
Leonard Coates.
Professor Woodworth in n!s paper on
insects recommended fostering lady bags,
stating that they would obviate tbe npces
sity of frequent spraying of trees. Efforts
have been made, he said, to import a para
site that would kill black icale, but with
out success. Trials to artificially infect
black scale with disease have also proven
practical failures.
Pear aphis affects the roots of the tree
and is probably the same as tha woolly
aphis, which infests apples. As it feeds
underground and will follow the roots to
any length and depth it cannot be reached
by any application of. remedies. For red
spider Professor Woodworth named two
remedies— sulphur fumes applied as in
sulphuring grapevines and thorough
washing of the tree, leaves and branches
with water. The woolly aphis in young
trees may be killed when the tree is first
planted by first dipping the roots in coal
oil, heeling them quickly in the ground.
H. N. Fo^set, whose orchaid is two
miles west of town, led the discussion on
black scale, giving his observations on
parasites and spraying. He found that
the Rhizouia Pilate and tbe common and
blood-red lady-bug ate the scale, and tbe
last named also destroyed aphis. The
"ashy "-colored Jadybug with black spots
he ooserved also devouring scale. The
larvffi of the pilate ladybug he found feed
ing on San Jobs scale. His conclusion
was that spraying kill* tbe Jadybug as
well as the scale, and was only a tempo
rary and doubtful remedy.
Professor A. P. Hayne related the ex
perience of French vineyardists with
American resistant stock. They found no
practical remedy for phylloxera until the
introduction of American stock. Their
experience with several thousand varie
ties of these demonsirated that riparia
and rupestris species, each with their hun
dred or more varieties, are best, the former
for damp soils and tbe latter for dry soils.
Professor Hussman's paper on "Preven
tion of Frost" recommended the pruning
of vines so as to leave spurs with four or
six buds. Frost-bitten buds should be
rubbed immed ate.y after they were frozen
and the vine allowed to grow from the re
maining buds.
Mr. Wylie recommended for street trees
tbe elm, sycamore, linden and umbrella.
S. M. Tool, a fruit canner, said the cherry
for fanning was the Royal Anne, the
Crawlord was tbe best peach and the Bart
lett the only pear. Supervisor McFat
ridge, in speaking of drainage, said de
ciauous fruit trees, if perfectly dormant,
would stand a great amount of water, and
if the temperature was low enough to
keep them well supplied with water, but
if the temperature should rise with water
still standing on or near tue surface of the
ground the water strikes into tbe pores o!
the tree and the tree ciie-j of sour sap. He
discouraged surface drainage.
Professor Havne dwelt exhaustively on
the olive industry, which was very profit
able, he said, when extensively engaged
in. He believed California tbe most
favored locality in the world for olive
culture. ____^_________
STANFORD'S TRAINING GROUNDS.
Men of the Football Team Practice in
the Bracing Air of Congress
Springs.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Nov
21.— Word was received here to-day from
the men now training at Congress Springs
that they arrived there in a drizzling rain,
but were delighted with the place as com
pared with Woodside, tbe usual training
ground. The accommodations are good
and the air bracing and cooler than at the
campus. Light signal practice was in
dulged in in t^e afternoon and the bath
ing facilities for which the place-is noted
were tested. After a good rub down and
dinner the men retired at an early hour.
Cross intends to eive the ptayers* lots of
signal practice and a lew light games.
He will insist on the men getting plenty
of rest and hopes to have them in goo.)
shape before the time for their game with
Berkeley.
It has been decided that Stanford is to
have a special train to the City on
Thanksgivin as it has in former rear*.
A low round-trip rate has been offered by
the railroad and Stanford and her sympa
thizers trom this county will be present
2000 strong.
The time for the special train's depart
ure has not as yet been decided upon. The
train will start from tbe quadrangle and
will be elaborately decorated with hun
dreds of yards of cardinal burning. To
say that its occupanats will be noisr is
unnecessary since there will be 500 en
thusiastic "rooters" aboard.
CJase of the Poultry Show.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 2L— The poultry
show of ihe Santa Clara Valley Poultry
and Kennel Clnb. which closed at Hale's
Hall this evening, proved by far the moat
successful exhibit, of the uind ever held
west of the Missouri River. To-day the
attendance was greater than on any oi
the four days, and in tbe number were a
sreat many fanciers from ail over the
State. Over 1000 birds have been exhibited,
and these have teen pronounced by know
ing ones to be the very best of their class
in tbe West. Ihe judging has been fair
and impartial, and exhibitors are loud in
th ir praise of the manner in which the
show was conducted.
Solly Will (halienq* Dixon.
SOUTHAMPTON. Esq., Nov. 21,— Solly
Smith, the California boxer, who recently
defeated Willie Smith, the English feather
weight champion, at the National Snort
ing Club in London, sailed for New York
to-day on the steamer St. Paul. Smith
announces his intention to challenge
George Dixon immediately upon his ar
rival in America.
ON THE EASTERN TRACKS.
Good Hoeing Events at Bennings, In-
tonia, and Xtiw Orleans.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Nov. ill.— Results at
Betmlngs: One mile, Galilee won, Royal Prin
cess second. Distant Shot third. Time, 1 :47.
Five furlongs, Buddha won. Hurl second,
Maude Williams third. Time, ITO4.
Six furlongs Tremargo won, Hanwell sec
ond, The Swain third. Time, 1:16%.
Five furlongs, Takanassee won, Kinnikinick
«econd. Hi Daddy third. Time, 1:03 3-5.
Steeplechase, Caress won, Hiawassee second,
Decapod third. Time, 6:35 2-5.
LATO> T IA,sKY., Nov. 21.— furlongs, Old
Center won. .Captain Drane second, IVhyota
third. Time,l:ls}.i."r. ;
Six furlongs, Taluca won, Robacir second,
Gaston third. Time, 1:16. -
A mile and seventy yards, Satsuma won
Berc'alr second, Muskalongo third. Time,
l:47}£ ..
Steeplechase, Sealdiver won, Uncle Jim sec
ond, Lawyer third. Time, 4:02.
One miie, Yellow Rose won, Rampart second,
Miss Emma third. Time, 1:46.
Five and a half funongs. Double Dummy
won. El Toro second, Saaron third. Time,
1:13 .
NASHVILLE, Tekn., Nov. 21.— Six furlongs,
Damask, won, Nellie Osb6rne second, Victoria
third. Time, 1:15' J.
Five furlongs, Lucy Overton won, Lucy Al
len second, Dais? Marie third. Time, 1:03^.
Five furlonss, Lorrana won. Fischer second,
Master Fred third. Time, .I:2B}£ \, V^
One mile, Pete Kitchen won, i£d Danarldge
second, Paramount third. Time. 1 :429£.
Seven furlongs, Sim W won, Lauretta D sec
ond, Billy Fischer third. Time, 1:28%.
. NEW ORLEANS, La., Nov. 21.— Six lurlongs,
Dora H won, Maggie S second, Pont third,
Time, 1:14^. . _
Five furlongs, Hill Billy won, Alvin W sec
ond, Marie C third. Time, 1:02.
One and one-sixteenth miles, Nicolinl won,
Cotton King second, C. C. Rumrill third.
Time, 1:52. ,
Seven furlongs, Montell won, Jim Hogg sec
ond, Marqnise'thlrd. Time, I:3l}^.
Seven furlongs, Brakeman won, Cherrystone
second, Ondague third. Time, 1:33>4,.
Tan Butkirlc and Johnton Matched.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Nov. 2L— A ten
round boxing contest before the Sacra
mento Athletic Clnb was arranged to
night between Instructor Johnson
of the club and Theodore Van Bus
kirk, champion heavy-weight of the
Olympic Club of San Francisco, to take
place on December 11. There has been an
attempt for more than a year to bring the
men together, and it is anticipated that a
tine contest will result.
Hie/el* Champions Coming.
LONDON, Ekg., Nov. 21.— Twenty-five
bicycle champions, including Dubois of
France, Linton of England, and Hale of
Ireland, sailed for New York from South
ampton on board the St. PauUto-day to
compete in the bicycle events in New
York in December.
lUiehael Lowers Mis Xecord.
MEMPHIS, Te>-n., Nov. 21.— Michael
owered his one-hour paced bicycle record
XS^-= ! *L^ " : ' ""-■ ik fc _ - -A The singular discovery of the
\^^^V^ & *^ old Hudsonian doctors is the
v^ t\ marvel of the nineteenth cen-
\>Si 4raFJ" ■"_■ - id tury. This wonderful remedio-
J^tkg "^^^^^^^ treatment, Hudyan, is the harm-
/43jfa& WSk * ess reme dy that as been in
fM\g&j®&b\ l^Vwr use * or a sufficient time to place
Iw^BPSwfi TaC^ *^ c Hudsonian discoverers in
1 xi ie ron^ ran k of, specialists.
V- *ts£^y>& \l / fi \ Hudyan is always used in those
v==- *^^^^^y/VY / case 9 where Hudyan would be
\^^ fwylXA, y indicated. Hudyan is not for
. f V»wi>- „ V >^ sale by Tom, Dick and Harry.
/ , You get Hudyan' direct from the
Hudson Medical Institute, or you don't get it.
Stops the waste .of \ the body as soon as it is thoroughly in' the
body. Hudyan cures prematureness of the discharge in twenty
days. Hudyan is the remedy you need when you lack vim,
energy, or when your powers are falling. Hudyan
r ■ OTTR.ES ,
Lost Manhood, Nervous Debility, Blues, Melancholia, Constipa-
tion, Falling Sensations, Dizziness, ; Lack of Energy, Lack of
Power, Lack of Capacity, Nervous Twitching of the Eyes and
other parts. Hudyan cures Nervousness. Hudyan develops and
restores weak organs. If you are suffering from bad dreams, if
you always feel blue, tired aud disconsolate, if you are looking
ip^Se depths of despair you should use the great Hudyan.
■ can only be had of the old Hudson Medical Institute.
- roll foe
HUDSON MEDIC AL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets. r ; v
BLOOD TAINTS SHOW- -Pimpies-
Copper-colored Spots — .  — Sore Mouth
—Sore Throat— ' --- —Falling Hair— .
—Enlarged Lumps— —Glandular Lumps— •
-Skin Eruptions— —Partial Loss of Eyebrow^.
—-Sore Eyes— •
. When in this condition don't go to Hot Springs, go Ito the old
fwrt 0 / days U Can SOmetimes ™<* the poison in
BLOOD CIRCULARS.
Free. Call or write
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE
ATOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS. '
at the Memphis Coliseum to-night, piling
up 29 miles 193 yards. The former record
was 27 miles 854 yards.
Football at Santa Jtosn.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Nov. 21.— The
football game here to-day between tbe
Lowell Higb School team of San Fran
cisco and the boys of the Santa Rosa High
School drew a crowd of about 1000 people
and bristled with good plays.
The ground was quite soft, and some
grand and lofty tumbling was indulged in,
without damage. The game resulted in a
tie, both sides failine to score, and a re
turn match will be awaited witn great in
terest.
TURLOCK IRRIGATION PROJECT.
Operations Suspended After the Ross
Decision May Be Resumed.
MODESTO. Cal., Nov. Judge James
A. Waymire, who contracted with the
Board of Directors of the Turlock Irriga
tion district to complete their irrigation
system for all the remaining bonds of the
district, nearly $400,000 worth yesterday
completed an inspection of the i en
tire system of ditches and grounds.
He was accompanied by Colonel George
Stone and C. H. Leadbetter of ban Fran
cisco. After the investigation, Waymire
said he was ready to complete the work.
He will put on a large force of men and
will have finished by December 1.
This contract was made about two years
ago. Judge Ross' decision caused opera
tions to be suspended, and finally the con
tract lapsed. Now the board of directors
will decide whether to let Waymire pro
ceed with, the contract or declare it for
feited. , *' , *. • .
So far nothing has been done, and It is
believed the directors will allow him to
proceed. If so he will be $250,000 better
off than when he made the agreement to
finish the work.
OREGON RAILROADS SHED.
Have Ignored- Demands of the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
PORTLAND, Ob., Nov. 21.— The Sump
ter Valley Railway Company and the
Oregon Central and Eastern are in default
to the United States Interstate Commerce
Commission for not filing annual reports.
To-day, through the United States Dis
trict Attorney's office, tbo commission be
gan suit in mandamus to compel the two
roads to file reports of their business and
proceedings during the past year, which
they have failed and refus«l to do.
The complaints against the companies
are immense volumes setting out every
item that might possibly enter into the
life of a railroad company, and probably
several hundred thousand dollars are in
volved.
Bound Over for forgery.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Nov. 21.— John C.
McGregor, who forged a money order at
Oakland payable to Mrs. Lena Erschig,
was examined before Unite' i States Com
missioner Knoles to-day and bound over
to await the action of the Federal Grand
Jury. McGregor will be taken to Los An
geles and placed in jail to-morrow.THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. ; I THE EMPORIUM. rA^VHv> ! THE EMPORIUM. ' I THE EMPORIUM.
A Money Saver. Vie people of California and the adjoining States have a new (blessing to give thanks for this year in the great money-saving store--- Thanksgiving Display. 'Mh:k
MA Money Saver. Cata- The people of California and the adjoining States have a new blessing to give thanks for this year in the great money-saving store- - Don't miss seeing the greatest single window JSk f&
Our handsome, fully illustrated 200-page Cata- W W "W"^^ & Don't miss seeing the greatest single window gWuf
J^fJ logue mailed FREE on request to parties who shop ' H B^g& •'^ B -T j\ IQI m* -*«4^4v *A <td *A jll 'JQ "Bl display ever made in the West. All the Market- JgXUj
KTJI by mail. The same LOW PRICES for out-of-town |3 Pf|i j[ H H Jill llil I^l I's Hiili street windows on the west side of the main entrance |pr §
1^ folks as to those who can come here personally. j§ B a %fa/ M^—^ MS. |3 IL.J'^LJr m & E^-S MH M turned into one dazzling THANKSGIVING SHOW. w|
A • Dress Goods. ' ' JBa. JBL JBl n ffffi . Ja. JH. ;..'- san francsco; November 2M^ p««!f9iving'!|^^ u L *?S^^ri' ;
tm Dress Goods. SAN FRANCISCO ' November 22 » l8 9 6 - Thanksgiving lf y° ur tabl e linen needs re- wg
'^January winter Dress Goods selling is Qrfcr\^i^il Commencing on Monday, November 23, 1896, we will Table Linens. thep i easureof the ?ood - house . *m
%* Clearance iPigftll^i inaugurate a series of Special ADVERTISING Sales of sea- ii^^^^^^^gd^ii
am* In November, balance of stocks on hand was to |^| _g_ • SOnable and desirable merchandise at One-fOUrtn tO one-halt Pretty china, bright silver, sparkling glass and spot- i |lLr
Ilfiq wait until January and begin "a mark-down sale." \vi&\T if^&b thpflrtnai rnct nf thp crnnrlc Thic ie nnt nhilinthrnnv on less linen will make the dullest dining-room "a place jggj'
SM" The new way— the EMPORIUM way— is to take I^VFLIV/V% l " c aClUal COSt °; llie gOOOS. 1 niS IS nOI pillianinropy On of feasting, full of light." The EMPORIUM makes ■"
J\ OUR losses NOW instead of two months later. We OUr pait it is ADVERTISING DUre and Simple, designed tO it very easy to have pretty DINNER TABLES now ft
1 ] a ß^^mZTe^r f>toithe^' m 5 more thoroughly introduce to the public the various departments of the i^ y fow^^^ teto£^-- and " ce^' £
* Fancy Striped SUITING, all wool, 37 inches EMPORIUM. 5-8 Bleached LINEN NAPKINS, 5i. 25 value, 95c doz dj&£
7t d le in the^very newest colorings, will b| T • © • 3.4 Bleached LINEN NAPKINS, $4 value - $3 doz Jj Hf
SALE PRICE O pe S r c y S a O rd S -' -' ° 39c Fll^ FirC^f A A l/^rt Cl IHI Q^lSo Mr^r|H^V 61-inch Bleached TABLE DAMASK, value 55c yard
J* IRIDESCENT CANVAS SUITING, 39 inches I I its ll§ ol /IUVCI LlOlllU OCll" I Tit-Pi IUCI • 72-inch Bleached TABLE DAMASK, extra fine, 9\
« wide, in the latest shadings, worth at least ■■ >v a*a yv ' -^ -_ ._ _ $1 value •"",-' " -..->..-.. SOc yard a. ,
65c a yard. CLEARING SALE PRICE - 45c #1-^^ I"! >OK fll f§ rf> ll^l^/ lsl*QA 4" /Tfc II•"3 ii A M Bleached Satin DAMASK LUNCH SETS, with
F^ySUmNGS in CHECK MONOTONE and .11116 110111 UBIIV* lll.sjll lO 1 I .3\J A« IYI • fringe and colored borders/ cloth 2 yards . *&'.
CHEVIOT effects, 40 inches wide, reduced . / - >- . : : v <: & -^ »l/^%-
for .the CLEARING SALE from 69c a yard When we will sell 100 pairs only of 90 per cent Wool BLANKETS— 66 by 80 inches— 2s pairs gray, 75 pairs white— long— very pretty patterns— one dozen ,|fp.
. to - - :' ; '-V- - 49c perfect in every way. OUR leader at all times at $5.50. We shall sell these . ' NAPKINS to match - ,-, - ;.-^ $2.75
<^ CLOTH-FINISHED CHEVIOT SUITINGS, a : " .. Q i*^- Bleached Satin DAMASK LUNCH SETS, open 1 '
M SfsiSrS?"""™". $5.50 Wool Blankets for $1.90. work, with fringed borders-all pure white- A
4M laLE 5 p c ; n yard - - 69c WOOI ijlaOlielS iOf^i*Ciy« . one dozen NAPKINS to match-cloth $ M
■^1^ ... ,,,,, . -- :r »i^ ,'. 7., a r, ■ '■ . ;„ , ..■ „, >T3^ irir DDi7cr yards long. The price per set only - $3.75 *mb
Not one will be sold before 10:30. Not one can be bought after 11:30. Prompt comers will get tliese e BA%GAIN PRIZES ./, m CCT 6 C _. / V, 1 c y i- =
# i Extra Special Value. as hn & as the hundred pairs last. Only one pair to a single purchaser. * DINNER SETS-Cloth 2 yards long, fine linen— %-d,
fi\-J 4 6 nieces of NAVY WORSTED SERGE, iust These sales will occur at frequent intervals hereafter. WATCH for them— when you are in the store inquire about them. You can't handsomely patterned— dozen NAP- JS j
ri^ Ihp mfl+J;*i Lr rlmh ,rP,th,r wear houtrht afford to miss tnem - Quantities and the time of selling will necessarily be limited, as the sales are designed for ADVERTISING PURPOSES KINS to match— ordinarily sold at $4.50 a ¥%£
V¥ to sen at 7sc 3 yard? 8 This SpldS Irt will be 48c %*&£s & I™**1 ™** be our special!^ ** V ° U ™ With ' redUCed fr ° m "^^ * on£ - quarter set. The EMPORIUM price ■ - $3.75 Oj">
MFW'^J nFPARTMFMT \C? 9 ii Now in the heleht of ' t* !•_! />!• e• tf r» • WAI I PAPFR Emporium We may not always be
A ThanSvJngv™ E u« T ; n «d Silks. %£?£s£ " . Holiday Chinaware Selling Begins. . „ you I ,:^.- saWbys. SoSA^T,"^ J-
fcW 1 ndHK^giving a number of little fix- extra Waists and Skim— e-Tttni?eadv Chmaware Department Goods Bought Now Stored and save you, perhaps, one-half. ,-sgigsa^ manufacturer will sup- ®^f
y^T Furnishings. in gs for Thanksgiv- for the Horse Show and other societs- Second Floor, West Side. when you want them. Parlor, Hall and Dining-room Papers, jjigiilk ply us for the balance §\
MJk ing- Immense assortment to choose e vents-we offer fashion's foremost fan- Holiday "Displays Ready. :iv'' >- the kind the exclusive dealers ask. MH ■ ot this season. But J 1
W^o from here, larger than in any exclusive cies in high-grade Silks at price reductions m. ..-,- _.. _r_^_ .h/J^*""^^^ ,„ and 75c for ' here 2^C and 30c %^^^^, this quality of Hat f^L
. **mr haberdashery store in town. The low which ordinarily do not come until Jan . /^^v* %£&* t: ' "^t£k^ ill I W*^^ "^ % pV IJ at — • "" X Jt aiiu jw W S never made to «<^^ '
prices mean a noticeable saving on every uary> -<=csr-A«,. mmv«& •»/, £3r '• - ml/A>£& ; v / **20-X We show a large line of Popular Price. .g^^^^mwT sell at the price, and :r.';.
A purchase^ ■ 017 \^^-^4^?»t<r ; mf'' Vr ?/ is' Wi&'\ Wall Paper, in all the latest colorings. \\f*\ofM&%* we do not know how m
Men's Fine Neckwear Fine Imported Figured Chameleon Taf- .\&\£SI&WMSH. T- /\ J ~^ r TT V '> / 3$?&& \ These papers are the kind the exclusive \\U >m&ffl long it will last. (W/-*
.in every fashionable feta, 22 inches wide, 30 designs and color M/^^Mt* WWi'mML I •*/-• v** - A^- A l! I "^Clf- ft dealers sell at 25c |A r anf l. ni r ,| A full, stock now in tmmffl
'^Sy . W ?hape-Tecks, Flow- effects-qualities such as have been T o. I 'vfe^^^ \ IllK-l (P^^^l/S and 3 ° c ' here at • * »^p€|B all the new Fall r^'S^
}£lsk - X » Men's Fine Neckwear Fine Imported Figured Chameleon Taf- Mtk^mftW V£- SS88? r#>'te% ' ' >^-t1 - V '/ / s^'*V \ These papers are the kind to have your |{M ' , WMM shapes-black or fash- kg-/ 1
r^HA 'n every, fashionable feta, 22 inches wide, 30 designs and color iv^ll Wl^lP WtL I- f *** -A- A » ft *%'& \ dealers se " at 2 ' c Iflr and 17V >ft «^1 Xv A fuil stock now in £2
JT^B ? n a ?nd fecks Four- effects ~ c l ualities such as nave been Tft c f C^ W^Jk- ''* and 30c, here at lUt dnU l^«t W^Smm a " the neW Fall
iij^3 -: b»f s f/.^ p^h in -hands, Ties and Beautiful Novelty Imported . Chameleon 'SP 'II •fA WETS \3®g&Bj£ ir'^,2 1* I '< -W»- ' I^^^^6> room look clean, see 5C and 6C 3L^ffl^ ionable brown— hats' .gS®
'■3SE -~ U 4/ gurfs, Cub Ties and Beautiful Novelty Imported Chameleon ifSSfei^ VM ' i^Sft? V^^'^tUK^^jTlii r • our line at OC BflQ DC iMhJ^mh that cannot be dupli- A%
%rm i-U. 7 Bows all the pretty Taffetas, in exquisite designs and color .'WlMlflw -»»«#' Vr W*¥&g&r^M i^^yg^F ■■AiJilßr Samples of Wall Paper cheerfully sent UTOTHr " ted elsewhere for flr^A
l/~ \w ~V I new color effects, the blendings, 22 inches wide ; also Plain and #WSl'^<i «' S&W&fZ- ' ' M ' P^W^'s- 7 jfli to out-of-town buyers !A^^r less than S3. EM-^i-Ua
VrT^l 75c kind for... j_k Shaded Stripe Taffeta, with Jacquard n 2 - J iY X Ik 4 J ; m. & JZ^m J Sp#?^ A-^<HWT t0 ° Ut fto b V PORIUM price.. * V ' VW
IwL<otL " T^**-' ures, very new, over 40 different color ef- -'••'. -jB» w S» £ss^is^|^fc^g '%»Bmff"S23y^ Tl,* f* <^V iC^
% l# pr "We are headquarters tects-qualities that formerly sold no "L 1 * il il^ -;-.; I HIS L3pe CP / .4"3. Men's and Boys' Fedoras, in black, brown
VS^ JIT for Men's Gloves. The tor 51.35 and $1.50 per yard at Delft China Plates, 8^ inches in diameter, each~47Kc Real China Fish Sets, fish centers on every _ Pan** rut anrl trim- or nutria— a large assortment of shapes to ok
JlI JS§IL. EMPORIUM Special c , , -r~«~4. ■ rx 1 Delft trays, 0. inches long, each $1.20 and SI. IO piece, 15 pieces, Platter, Gravy Dish, &*JjP U1 . d UL <nuu»» choose from ot or jO^ J*l
7^l J&Bm>> Glovefor men Is made Fancy Jacquard Taffeta, in Chameleon Delft Cake Plates, open-work edge, each 70c P1ate5....... $5.98 to $42 f*» mcd as in picture— aio ° se / rom " ' $1.35 311(1 $2 JhA
mm/UL of fine heavy kid in effects-a wonderful assortment mcludin Delft Tea Cups and Saucers, tall, 5 o'clock Decorated China Cups and Saucers, style as > '*I\ made of fine Tan D:V"V"r""'" 50c 75c and SI srfft
i>* W^ S£S*3l3s i^a and Europe at prices ranging from Cups and Saucers, like picture, thin, trans- each piece with painted game center, 'ifflß^^^^ Sailors-new, up-to- eftc ft 75c, $s teT
Mf value for-... $1.35 $|.25 to $5.50 per Yard. P are "t Bohemian China, per set 52.25 per set. 7. $16.50 /M/l \»\ extra wlde sweep— date styles 3UC » 'C » LjT
*z!>* "^«Si „ _, , r ...... . others $2.6*; and Upward. China Biscuit Jars, decorated, 6 different styles, Vjs.f m|M X^Kad would be a bargain : V.: : :". . — 7 iU . : L *ml^
_wj r Good quality Kid Gloves for gloves High-class French Novelty Silks, for Thin Transparent Bohemian China Cake each .'. 98c \lf \JST at $10 Special ThanksaiVinq Goo . d things for the 'Xji^C
W-: that will fit snugly and wear well— in Evening and Reception costumes— Moire Plates to match from 48c Decorated China Dinner Set, violet or pink . sitJl <' Th.nUaivina C^^^^^L^ Holiday table at the W^^
" r >*- Tan, Brown and Red, on Special QE r Fraconne, Fancy Figured Satin and Gros- Decorated Thin Transparent Bohemian China flowers 100 pieces for 12 persons, 5et.. .521.70 /jpi<«* ior 1 nanKSgivmg urocenes. EMPORIUM'S new ™>>
Sale at cfvJL Grain Chameleon, Jacquard Gros-Grain . Fruit Plates, set of 6 75c 52 pieces for 6 persons, set $15.30 week at scale of Grocery Prices : -
■' m Heavy-weight Winter Derby Ribbed Un- Chameleon— the most sumptuous designs Berry or Preserve Sets, thin, pretty China, .- Pure White Semi-Porcelain Dinner Sets, 53 I ';', CTAB:^ MINCE MEAT, 2-lb. packages 25c Sk. A
WBh^W denvear, strictly all wool natural or cam- and shadings. Our EMPORIUM prices thirteen pieces, per set $1.68 pieces.. :.... $4.69 3>/.Hr3. MINCE MEAT, vlb jars 35c w!&£
2;^jl el's hair color, all sizes, per gar- £| aw are 20 per cent less than similar grades Others up to $4.50 Set. . 104 pieces :..~ ..........58.30 ru m iA*.~~,**.ri*+U M a /.i/:«*Acfc fl c ' \ • j 'j ■„ r ' «SL|
ftWf4 ment q>l.*K> can be purchased elsewhere and range Children's ClOth Mackintoshes Above are extra choice goods and will be Mslf%
JU.J Heavy All-Wool Camel's Hair Under- from . . • « + H K^-*<rfflT>T>^|i ! 2!& m Navy— sl.9B. Gray— made wto sample pus that you may try be- J|&4f
VI wear, not quite so well finished as item SI =fi to Sfi 'iO npr Yard V • *9ffl?!Ui^-' ~ % ' ■ Zio. -^^L ', Hr- 7 n 7/ . tore you buy. Af I
■ <il described above, but medium-weight ser- 51.3U lO JiD^Pv.r iciiu. imjr -*r^V<r.., "^SBfcfc s^S>^ Cloak and Suit Dept., second floor, front. New England MINCE MEAT, 3 Ml***
W . viceable garments that will give 7Qr rDI , ITC uin i/rrrTiDirc (®\\^»»n j 'tlsF Jr *>**j> •t.J^toLlr Afl'i l/>^ T*i^ _ ■ . , „ packages 25c %#
I* « good satisfaction, per. garment I^l* rKUII^ AINU VtbtlADLL^. J^ Jfc iP 1 WiW&Lt W\ 1 ' 30c Curtain Net Isc. PLUM PUDDING, Gordon & Dill- I*H
W Men's Fine Vicuna Merino Hose, the 25c Those Now Arc -to be found here— f%M±-*i& >*Mf3\ F~ +t*j£> ». JBT ' "^1 mtv^^J^ ■ -7 A '-enpriiit mirrhns** of 2noo varrte of worth's and R. &R...........25c each g,
hj kind, on-Special Sale at three pairs eftc ft _ .' "?r c , , the best of each variety K^^WM^U^i &*s9*k 'W^S/V^Wl fl>Vr^ 4 c speual purchase ot 2000 yards Ot Individual DDINETTES, extra wts
/I for 3UC In Market only— and this splendidly \S«^gSSBRiJi/ £ W &t^& : JS#!'feS^ 1 m\\V : \^« Sash Curtain Net > full 48 inches good quality ....loceach IW
W% While we are not the only house in the stocked department can save something ?^£~*lSb!£BSQfSi^m fas'* i &pF<s[ '^a&S? 'I ™g^ wide, worth 30c a yard. On sale APPLE BUTTER, very fine 10c Ib lj^
*yf city selling Genuine Crown Brand Stutt- on every purchase. Here's a suggestive ""^^ "llffT' timx- .&L V'" <SH& -^*"^l ■ ' ' lSir TO-MORROW at ' Heinz's extra APPLE BUTTER, in
fJJ gart Underwear we are the only house in list for Thanksgiving : f^*"~^gwjNi^W^B{<Liig!J' 11^^ - |5- r jars 35c §L ~M
"S Sic city selling it for 10 per cent less than M __,, „„!.«« « f rr,n« p o ,« p« m . 4-»a />•*"" "*"* n . d ... I3C. French PEAS, in can 5.....*... .......isc '^
m* Prtce.","- -,- ■« -. • ... SLsTe?simmontß|s;Date S ;st?aT Glassware— Silver Plated Ware. couch Covers, imitation Bagdad 3 French MUSHROOMS, large glass...soc^.
fIU JZLZ""^ rtmM ' flrS ' *°° r - SSS USTiSSSd G P r P Pee i ngi ng ! C "tom C ; &C °'"' *» "*»*• a "* or "'« »'■-'"""• ''"'•'«"'W O/,r«^/.r aou -Buyers, y^ •"«; 5° .nches wide, each French MUSHRO^MS^L^CourtV^c H3
BARGAiNS^FIRS. f " m % .. PeW H^ GaTcrTts^l _^ v -, A ,arge and va^d assortment of W
X Rich Black Fur Capes, silk lined, made o __ fUC tO i3C tacn. ,21//-' pieces, including silver- cut glass, two styles, as «^»^^/®^:^ Fancy Drapery Silk, 30 inches wide, JAMS and PRESERVES, Melrose H
A from whole skins, full military cut: Superior Cape Cod |0c 6 OUart ?'SJ^»'S >>- plated Salt Spoon, shown in picture, each U^ t j»M#!«^» an extra value at the price, Heinz^Sh!..!:::::::::^^^^^^ ?S A
t24 inches long worth <8 50 for 55.95 Cranberres. : ""u- A a tIUcJI Lyw /■*/, -? UCt W -"-' " 5c * \rwftfraai iS^>^^A C * Lehman's SYLT GURKEN 35c
J*/l 24 inches long worth «8 so for $5.95 . 11 -^ * vvrvr k x / ' 2 ° C< 63C - 'I^W^£^^£\ 5 °C. Lehman's SYLT GURKEN 35c %JLA
MM 27 inches long! worth 510.50,' for 58.45 Among the many kinds of VEGEFA- , e^M^Mj| • CREAM PITCHERS-A large quantity q f/V^^BWffll I Corduroy and Moleskin, 30 inches Royal Yacht .or Durkee's SALAD (ZwEKk
M* 30 inches long, worth 512.50, for $8.45 RLES £ on d splav we mention the t J^#^l of Odd Glass Cream Pitchers, each «C #/, , «Bll*wß I wide, and Tapestries '50 inches Royal Ya^cht or Durkees SALAD ffl
WL< 30 inches long, worth $12.50, for $9.95 MEX ICAN YAMS and some unusually of O^ Glass Cream P.tchers, each SIC t // jffl'lWt wide, and Tapestries, 50 inches rrn .^ R |? rhS'Jh,? ' pasTFS "^ fi
Handsome Black Fur Capes, silk lined, nne large SWEET POTATQhS. '/^^S^^^^^fc 6 '*r 2%± jff^^a"^. MAi 1 1 llf^ 4 wide, in large variety, for Holiday sorte d 2 5c J*f
J*> full circular cut, OUR own manufacture: Ath For next week only comes S^S^^^^^l f//^l«'fei&*M Cushion Covers, Italian OLIVE 'OIL gallon tin $1 85 *X
C&t 16 inches long, worth $12.00, for S9 f arnpt the cl.maxo San Francisco - , f^^g/M fc #A Sfe^ «/^>«mn» i: ' ' 50c and -Upward. '■ Ef™s SARDlNES iih^lmfflesand *
,8 inches long, worth 513.50, forSIO tarpet Carpet . Sellmg 5- Highest HZSSjgJUJ&f Tomafo S S...".! l™.!. . . .20c W
«, inches long, worth $15. 00, for co Lvent. sianaara Dranus win De put *^<^*»«^^>^cw* 1 V r "*v F^twnyßl-V <^S^ Bl /I f— . . »3M?-l?j^ll DRUG nFPARTMFNT • Palmer's SARDINES, large tin hmo 20c V«»7iia
16 inches long, worth $12.00, for $9 Camt>t r cllma '^ bf ,• r [ a . n i' Sc^ f*-%WVR/^-VU t> " aH ■/' (M/^^'KnTT^Sw 3UC dlia tpWdra. French SARDINES in Truffles and .#i
18 inches long, worth $13.50, for $10 Carpet Carpet Selling. Highest V «#^Jl '^%?f&K ' Jmi Tom ! to Sauce 20c VS#
22 inches long, worth $is.oo, for $12 Event. standard brands will be put '■iTTij^.V nRJJG RFPARTVIFNT TRUFFLES^^ Du'"PerY ? ord""'hVae vS3
Jf£%i '■'■ down to these non-competi- <cls. .>^T^>^i\\> ' '" '*'" "» ' "^' •■ ifi\u\j if i_r/\i\ 1 itilii I • iKurrLca, uu rengora, large vyg
uJMgi 18-inch, trimmed all around with Black tive prices: • ''J'//W'%\ *^t^ Tu . j i , , *.- ,- •, , A Thoct 10 Der cent discount For r,i i?J?- p"V<r""""J"i "ii $rOQ^Jfl^
|P Thibet Lamb or French Chinchilla, beau- Lowell Body Brussels-ln all the novelty JgKj J $1 This quadruple plate sat.n finished, ® off one week we will give OLIVES ' "Fares," small ff c »»
tifully lined and finished regular price patterns and color effects-made and laid, m^dJ M feaoot Sfeamer Smra7i^ -^ Protectors. TspeTfal discount of 10 Large IT! 65C W
.. CT§^^i^".si2.so !!?.&: :.::::::::::::::::: $1.00 feM) 2^^ o?^^?^^^^^ Delicatessen Th e ,o * d is - &
' 4SS3rsSa^&.™± FUR COL P er .^ d :;;;.; ;;;;;:;;;;;;;;;;;: $l.OO K^lPi Sim- - ea Set> taU Shape> W^W °P ROTE CTO Rs'and JACKETS. Thl Counter Open. SKst^hf'wS &
Fur 75 Choice FUR COL- Bige.ou' Axminsters-The next in §^fc^l ta Shape ' m f 50 HHf PROTECTORs'aid^ETS "Wl Counter Open. SSthrt&hfS *
Ak fAßETTES^made^uf. Ij StoriK'chSiTror'^ l^ M^S 1 StoThTndsome Caving S^'r'us Mi SlSlA^
iM Collarettes, ripple style, lined with J" d "L orlngS t0 ch °° Se fr ° m ' $ .25 m§ f fj& .sell's stag handles, 3 pieces..S2.7s U^^^Sl 2l*> fi L X*h F?Jnp?^F??ir ATFT^F l^N 1 the basement. Probably such an assort- fffi
W fancy silk, edged all around with differ- per yard — v^i.^^ JlUv^i J \L^^^/ -&^~T lined with Funnel, MEDICATED mentof TABLE DELICACIES has <AB
M^ ent fur, high storm collar, would be ex- Holiday A rare chance now for '"a^X^m^ t^WTT^!^ Silver-plated, \ T-^^f^^^^ lNtLanartLi, an colors. never before been gathered together in one
fi celient value for $10. EMPO- cc a A d c 7 1 thrifty home -furnishers. TU ' W '» \mSP^ satin- n i s h " JL--"" Vi-r'' place in this city. Here are some of the & jf
« ff RIUM Special Price 3>O.UU Kug aaie. We shall sell the following Glass Cranberry or r^T'^K'l Child's Mug, gilt *^^ Hot Water For one week we will different kinds of cheese on sale : X ft
gv J-r • T~rT~ mo*t * purchase of genuine Bromley Smyrna Fruit Preserve Dishes, £. p § ,fm& > inside, engraved Hard Metal Nickeled CHAFING Rff , rf give a special discount Swi ss , Roqueforl Martin* s Cream %^r-
%*S TurkeYS and The MEAT MAR- Rugs— same on both sides— at these fabu- oval as in picture or *■ U-'^H^ in pretty designs. DISHES, with hot-water pan. DOllies dnu O f 5 per cent on all HOT Eidamer Pineapple d€^P
I far C^rnaf^r KET will make lib- lously Low Prices : square; 8 inches 15; I -..i;^|^ y Far-h o^". Two-quart 52.60 SvrinaeS. WATER BOTTLES Young American Sage Cheese 1 M
''*r^ bame Tor eral provision for 1000 30-inch Smyrna Rugs...' $1.95 long, each I3C tm \ : W m Lacn c « Three-quart 3.48 vl ' MliyOTl and SYRINGES. A full Fromaged'CamembertSaj>Sage &» \l
|fM Thanksgiving. ,ood fiog^ ■- *** JS^gßaErf £g A Holiday Bargain Counter, fB3 Feet Long, ki attaS E^Ur^ e ?^: " cfu^Yg^ %?%&?&?*. EgfE? 2SSSS: °- *• L
I Sv™'*** *f d w«k A aT*:'E^ 20< " 5,i ? ,? de vis; L4!^ h hee ce S S '-"i2-?S SoeCial Notice! OUR DAMAGED GOODS COUNTER^ I, Z S downT rom DecmJ ; brated h DrMcKenzie's CATARRH Cure. £2?,*- S^W^" .1*
Jam PORlllM'SnßwscioMOWPrL 1500 Wilton Rugs, 26x60 inches.....s 2.60 special l\OUCei M f ter cbristmas. -.■Some rareb argai ns to be had within the next ten days; An absolute ; cure for. every kind of Romatour %iGervai,;.-: figf
PORIUM b new scale of LOW Prices. Carpet Department, second floor, rear. Damaged goods so skillfully repaired that the flaw can scarcely be detected. . Catarrh, chronic or acute. Parmesan Keufchatel
T\ SOLID SILVER NOVELTIES FOR THE HOLIDAYS. .' . The Marvelous Toy Display. & «_^^ V
Make selections while assortments are complete. Prices can be no lower than they are now. >^^^^^^^ferlf Bring the Children to see the wonders of the great Toy Department g&L / P^S / A
A ■ in the basement * Don't fail to see the Hen that lays the golden fliijVwZrTV 5/ / ShtS^S
' «-*==^fß2B|^vrJ^SPi*Ai Large-sized Solid Silver Back Hair Of; Large-sized Curling a Th . T n » Hen lhat lays .... Mail Express, ' Football Gam*, f^ , wonderful Toy that y^ c2k
A Large-sized Solid Silver Back Hair *fi Irons, solid silver nan- The To> Hen that lays eggs Home Tennis, Game of 29, T\ Thls wonderful T °y tha^7^r «L
% /.:: ' : - Brush-best imported bri5t1e5.........: M>° .^^^^ dies ;;t»OCA and cackles. 'Bell and Hammer, Bicycle Rate, J . draws lifeline pictures....each ****'
Wf o^l ill JS^i''-'-' : fifiipKjvvii - Solid Silver Button Hooks"'.'.'. 50c ' ll^SQi F^^^WllfT^fl ill *> Directed Map United States, Bagatelle Table, /^^Pl™ ir/^^fi/^^^S^
~l\£ Novelty H.irt-shaped Cut \- *^| Solid Silver Cork Screws 2.50 1 AtesivVCut Glass Inkstands, soUd : i-J-rfl-Tgife-B^ Soldier Suit, with, Caps,: Sword and; Gun........24c .;• .. ' ' ..' ■ /; if -
ifer Novelty Heart-shaped Cut Glass iJoS^Sc^ 2 5^5 M-sive Cut Glass Inkstands, solid Soldier Suit, with Caps, Sword and Gun 24c < '
JI S^&^fessliiK?,- J ;l2f^S|a^^^!i| s " vermoun^ s * 2 75 yF&mm&t 0 ?- Tug and Dredger Boat of Wood, very attractive.24c L strong . Doi , .. ,-. -^2^ ( fc^
1C aS? n S cSS^^lS?thlS3S: : . 1 ver Mounted Combs 3.00 j . This pretty Cut Glass Puff Box, Large-sized T^pedo . . Buck and Saw . . . "™T£ 4£ BpSfflT^lfSt >J
~jg~Z as inpicture'......«....".—..—.5 * Coin Silver Pur5e5............... 6.00 with solid silver cover.. $3.00 Boats, like picture.......... -^ttC White, Blue or Pink Enameled CRADLES ..24c 25C. Tray.......... C|>l.l3 V>^
-■--•.. r*. • ■•- -.""* .'.■: ■' • .■ '. ;. . ■': .-■ * . t ... ,■ - ... , .^ - ■■ , ,- . * • :■-;■; * . -:■ . . " M . lll "l ',' . ...■■..: -v .' - . .. ■,-• - I *.- — -r^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896.
56
TROLLEY PARTY
CARS ARE COMING
A Popular Eastern Fad
That Has Extended
to This City.
Chicago Holds the Records for
Monster Streetcar Ex
cursions.
Vehicles in Service That Rival the
Traveling Palaces of the Steam
Railroads,
Few cities in the world are more favored
than San Francisco in the matter of
climate and artificial advantages for in
dulgence in trolley-car parties, which
have become a popular fad among all
classes of people In the East. It is gen
erally acknowledged that tliis City has
one of the best systems of sfeetcar lines
in the world. Recently many of the
former cabie and horsecar lines have been
converted into electric roads, and it is the
latter that are favored for party excursions
about cities.
It was only a month ago that the idea
was taken up here, and the party then
accommodated is yet tne only one on the
record of San Francisco, but the coming
year will probably see the trolley party in
full blast here.
In the East the part of a street railway
company's business, which consists in
catering to the wants of pleasure lovers
among its patrons by providing special
cars which may be chartered by parties,
or arranging for the exclusive use by such
parties for special periods of the cars such
as are in daily use, has grown to magnifi
cent proportions, and form-; an important
part of many companies' revenue. Many
companies are increasing their facilities as
rapidly as possible, for even now in some
cities the demand exceeds the supply.
Dates are made weeks in advance, and
companies are obliged to make large in
vestments in appropriate roiling stock.
The result has been :o arouse a certain de
gree of.rivalry among different companies
as to the luxuriousness of the accommo
dations furni.-hed and the number of at
tractions supplied, and many of the cars
now in service for this purpose rival in
beauty and completeness the traveling
palaces oi the steam roads, though the
latter are intended to house their patrons
for days consecutively instead of for a few
hours. Here is a description of one re
cent.y built for the Coiumbus Central
Railway Company of Columbus, Ohio
which is said to be unequaled In the
United States for beauty of design and
richness of finish :
It is painted in a rich dark Quaker
green, with trimmings tastefully traced
in gold. The interior is liuished in the
choicest mahogany. There are beveled
I'late-jrUiss windows, costly mirrors be
tw»en the windows and rich and prettily
draped curtains. Tne floor is covered with
soft dark-green carpets, the windowshades
Map Showing Electric Lines of the Market-Street Railway Company.
are of dark green and the draperies
are rich in gold and creen, set off resplen
dantly by brasswork. The seating capa
city of the car is eighteen persons. Tner,e
are four seitees and ten large, comfortab c
chairs, all of wicker and beautifully up
holstered. Numerous electric buttons com
ruunicate with the motorneer. The car is
lighted with gas, under the Pintsch sys
tem.
Milwaukee has a party car for twenty
four, with tables for refreshments. This
was illuminated on a recent trip with 700
electric lights.
Chicago has the record for « he largest
parties. On July 15 of this year the Calu
lcet Electric Srteet Railway of that city
took out a party of 2500 people, who occu
pied fifty- four cars. The recursion was
under the auspices of the Knights of Py
thias, and traveled over a circuit of about
forty miles. But even this great event
was surpassed by that of September 17. on
the some line, under the direction of the
Cook County Cyclists' Association. More
EXTERIOR AND INTERIOR OF TROLLEY PARTY-CAR.
"neot the lour handsome pleasure-cars recently put Into service by the Cincinnati Sti^pt
iiinway tompany. lhey are entirely open, hand.omely finished, and furnished with movable
rattan chars, having a Beating capacity of twenty persons. A large number of incandescent
«i?»i dstnbut f H over t th * and exterior of the car furnish means for thorough
illumination and decoration.— Drawn from photographs.
than 3000 people participated in this.
They occupied tixty Cars and formed a
processionconsiderably more than a mile
in length.
While in San Francisco it would not be
possible to make up a single circuit of
elactric track of forty miles it would yet
be an easy matter to run one or more cars
over such trackage lor :i distance of forty
or -.fifty miles, passing over lines that par
allvl and cross other roads. With the ex
isting line 3it is possible, however, to
make one circuit of about sixteen miles
along the following route: Siart at the
ferry landing then aiong the following
streets: East, Folsom, Second, Brannan,
Third, Berry. Fourth, Kentucky, Solano,
Connecticut, Santa Ciara, Kansas Center,
Bryant. Twenty-sixth, Mission, Sixteenth,
Cnurch, Rid'ey, Fill mo re, Papt\ Stanyan,
Oak, Devisadero, O'Farrell, Hyde, Ellis,
Fourth, Mission, Third, Kearny, Broad
way, East to starting point.
JJJAt the present time this ronte could not
be used without going back over consider
able ground in order to make the neces
sary switches, but with the growth of the
pastime locally it would be an easy mat
ter to put in curves at the proper corners.
General Manairor Vinin<r of the Market
street Railway Company stated that if the
demand for party car-* justified the com
pany would follow the ciarap c of Eastern
roads and be ready to vruvioe special cars
for parties. He stated that the charge
would be about $10 lor a c.ir which will hold
from twenty-six to thirty-ei^ht people,
the capacity of the car being arranged ac
cordiug to the grades it would have to
pass over. ______^^_______
ftll 1 rom a Trmim to Iteath.
CUMBERLAND, Ma, Nov. 21.— The
body of an unknown man with the skull
crushed was found lying on the Baltimore
and Ohio track yesterday by a track
walker. It is supposed that the man fell
off a train. He was well dressed and o
refined appearance. Iv his satchel was
$4 50 and some elegant toilet articles. A
baggage receipt that showed that his bag
gage had b<»en sent 3head disclosed the
name of G. H. Harding of Colorado
Springs. He was en route to Baltimore.
Suicxite of a Wealthy Man.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 2L— Helams
Romanne, ex-Commissioner of Agricul
ture o! the State of New Jersey under Sec
retary Rusk, committed suicide last night
at the Romanne homestead on the Saddle
River ln Bergen County, N. J. No cause
is assigned for the act. He was quite
wealthy.
Oeputy Governor of the Home.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 21.— The
President has selected Brevet-Bngadi r
General Reuben F. Barnard, retired, as
deputy governor of the Soldiers' Home at
Washington.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896.
LOCAL SLATES
FOR FAT BILLETS
Interest Is Growing Over
the City Political
Places.
Boss Rainey Has an Eye to a
New Eectrical Po
sition.
The Masters Have Rounded Up the
Herd and the Loaves Will Soon
Be Awarded.
Interest in the giying *of the various
local political places incident to the late
municipal election is growing in intensity
daily. An observer stationed within con
venient distance ot the St. George stables,
where "Boss" Rainey holds levees daily,
might imagine he was looking at a bureau
for the distribution of free meal tickets, so
! numerous are the applicants for place.
"It is now generally understood by the
j wiseheads," said a well-known local poli
j tician yesterday, "that the bosses have
I preity well rounded uo the situation and
j that a caucus of importance will b« held
in a couple of days. At this caucus about
every thin k of mportance will be deciued."
Mayor Pnelan will have a few appoint
ments of importance, among them a
clerk, messeneers, a number of places in
j the License Collector's office and theclerk-
I ship of the Cily Hall Commissioners. It
j is generally understood that Clerk McCar
| thy is lisely to succeed himself. The
Mayor will have something to say about
several other clerkships ana concerning a
number of janitors and messengers and
minor places in the City Hall.
Being an ex-officio member of the Fi
nance Committee the Mayor will have con
siderable influence in deciding the per
i sonnel of what are known as the "ten
) month men" in the Assessor's and Tax
Collector's offices. The new Board of Su
pervisors will have the appointment of
the attaches of the Police Courts, of
inspectors, about thirty janitors, a fire
j man, an engineer, a carpenter, several ele
vator men, ten gardener", six bridge*
I Jreepersand many minor officers.
It is generally understood that by rea
son of his pull with Lanipan E. P. Jfogan
will remain as prosecutor for Pol ice
Court 3
W. It. Hewitt will continue as superin
tendent of the fire alarm station, as He is a
nephew of Kainey. It is said that Rainey
wants a law passed requiring an inspector
or electrician to examine all tire alarm
work and electric light wire 3in every
house in the City. This law may be in the
form of a bill at bacramento or of an ordi
nance of the Board of Supervisors. It is
generally supposed that this will give the
bosses a line opportunity to reap a i arvest
cs agents of various dealers in supplies of
the character needed.
Paddy Stevens is likely to continue as
patrol driver, as be is .Lanistan's friend.
Ex-Assembiyman Healy will probably
continue as engineer of the Fourth-street
bridge.
It is said that Fire Commissioner Bohen
will retain his seat, while Daniel Manoney
is likely to succeed J. W. McDonald. An
other man likely to remain in his place is
Game Warden Mogan.
Supervisor Britt is likely to b« chair
man of the FiieCommittee.while the same
position on the FinanccCommittee will co
to Clinton.
An Appeal la Granted.
LONDON, Eng., Nov. 21.— The judicial
committee of the Privy Council lias al
lowed an appeal with costs to the Edison
Electric Company vs. the Westminster
and Vancouver Tramways Companies
the Bank of British Columbia and
others. The Edison Company appealed
aeainst the decision of the Supreme Court
of British Columbia granting a decision
in favor of the Bank of British Columbia
against the Tramway Company to the
prejudice of the Edison Company, who
are creditors of the Tramway Company.
The decision of the judicial committee of
thePriTy Conncil declares the judgment
of the fcupitiiie Court of British Columbia
to be null.
Xtr-nfy Thousantt Mien Strike.
LONDON, Eng., Nov. 2L-Tom Mann,
the English labor agitator, who was re
i cently expelled from Germany for at
tempting to deliver an address to the dis
contented dock laborers in Hamburg, as
sens that 20,000 men v.ent out in the
strike of dock men which began In Ham
burg this morning-.
Voorheea Cannot Recover.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 21.— A Sun
special from Indianapolis says: One of
the leading physicians of thi3 city to-day
said that the cause of Senator Voorhees'
condition is a piogressive paralysis, which
first manifested itself in the muscles of
the leg.
The muscles of the back and then the
spmal cord showed the same affection nnd
it was not long before the Senator's mind
began to wane. The Senator, he says,
cannot possibly recover and will never
again be seen in Washington.
Inereate of Gold Receipt:
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Nov. 21. -The prepon
derance of gold receipts over demands at
the United States sub-treasury, ; which
began the day of election, continues and
» J l Jcreasin . For -the past two da
$260,000_ has been received, and the total
2"'^ November 3 . is • considerably \ over
$1,000,000. The movement of silver is
' ow £rd ■■£ the * country and will , average
535,000 a day shipped from the sub-treasury,
lue receipts of silver are normal.
Santa » Heceiverahip.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 21— County At
torney Phinney of Jefferson County and
Attorneys Keeler and Hilton this after
noon filed a motion in the Federal Court
here praying that the Santa Fe receiver
ship be remanded back to the District
Court of Jefferson County on the ground
that it was improperly removed and that
it is not a removable case. Collusion be
tween Assistant Attorney-General Gordon
and the defendant is also charged.
Zeft morphine and Whisky,
ST. LOUIS. Mo., Nov. 2L— J. D. Farqu
har, a traveling salesman for a Keokuk
(Iowa) pickle factory, was found dead in
bed at the Laclede Hotel to-day. Upon a
table was a glass containing the small
dregs of a dose of morphine and whisky.
A ring on Farquhar's finger bore his name
and the inscription, •'!£, P. No. 16, Lin
coln, Nebr."
Will n» Electrocuted.
CINCINNATI, Ohio. Nov. 21.— Willy
Haas, who cut the throat of Mrs. Emma
Brader, hiß employer's wife, at Covedale,
July 3, was convicted this morning of
murder in the first degree and will be the
first victim killed in the electric chair in
Ohio.
Heath of a >oted Physician,
LONDON, Esq., Nov. 21.— Sir Benjamin
Ward Richardson, M.D., tne celebrated
English physician and author of hygienic
works, died this morning from apoplexy,
with which he was stricken on Wednesday
ami from which he never rallied. He was
G8 years of age.
Thefta of a Bookkeeper.
LEBANON, Pa., Nov. 21.— Harv«y M.
Kline, bookkeeper of the Farmers' Na
tional Bank, is under arrest. He admits
stealing $500 from the bank. The bank
will not lose the money, Kline's bonds
men being responsible for the amount.
Ferria la Dying.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Nov. 21.— George W.
G. Ferris of Pittsburg, who acliieved fame
through the invention of the Ferris wheel,
is lying at the Mercy Hospital in a very
senoua condition. The physicians in
charge say that his death is hourly ex
pected.
Failure of a Bank.-
SAGINAW, Mich., Nov. 21.— The First
National Bank of East Saginaw is in the
hands of National Bank Examiner Cald
well, who took charge of its affairs this
morning. Depositors will be paid in full.
Dtath of George B. Lothrop.
DETROIT, Mich., Nov. 21.— George H.
Lothrop, eldest son of Hon. George V. Lo
tbrop, ex-Minister to Russia, died at his
residence here to-day from a complication
of heart and asthmatic troubles.
Ti'rcr Fire at Antwerp,
ANTWERP, Belgittm, Nov. 21.— A mar
ket building called "La Cete," together
with a number of shops and dwellings in
the Rue Oudnen. in this city, were burned
last night. The loss is 70,000 marks.
Jtiehnrd Croker JBeturns.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 21.— Richard
Croker arrived on the St. Louis this morn
ing from Southampton.
Xo.« Angelr* Accident.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 2L^-J. B.
Glover, an old soldier, was struck by a
hook-and-ladder truck to-night at the cor
ner of First and Main streets. He was
knocked down and run over.
Both legs were broken and the pelvis
crushed, in addition to other injuries. He
died at the Receiving Hospital several
hours after the accident. He had just
come from Nebraska to enter the soldiers'
homo near banta Monica.
San Unfurl Pioneer 111.
SAN RAFAEL. Cau, Not. 21.— 0. C.
Hawkins, an old and well-known citizen,
suffered a stroke of paralysis to-day and
his friends are anxious. He was attacked
by paralysis some time ago, from which
he never entirely recovered and which
rendered him helpless for a long time.
Kicked to lie nth by Hort»».
WATSONVILLE, Cal., Nov. 21.—An
toni P. Skow, aged 34 years, was kicked to
death at tne ranch of Peter Peet by a
team of horses while hauling beets this
afternoon.
Mnrj/MviHe Railway Aceidtnt.
MARYSVILLE, Cax.. Nov. 21.— Robert
Beacken, an engineer employed near
Chico, was struck by the Oregon express
.. ' NEW TO-DAY.
I ■■■■• ;■ ' " 1
1. . I
/ft ■ %
in this city to-day. His left arm was
mangled, necessitating amputation at the
shoulder joint. He will recover.
Orrqon'% Official Vote.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 21.— The total
vote of Orejron in the Presidential election,
Which tins just been canvassed at Salem,
was 97,346. It wa9 divided as follows:
McKinley, 48,711; Bryan, 46,739: Levering,
919; Palmer, 977.
Li»d»aij Hnrglar Henteneed.
TULARE, Cal., Noy. 21. — George
Lamar, alias Delmas, was yesterday sen
tenced by Judge Gray to serve three years
in the San Quentin penitentiary. He had
robbed a dwelling-house near Lindsay, in
this county.
I>oings in Auburn.* Court.
AUBURN, Cal., Nov. 21.— E. S.
Thompson was to-day acquitted of the
charge'of arson, and Peter Banquier wa3
sentenced to seven years in the peniten
tiary for an attempt to kill his wile.
Hacrntnento Murderer Sentenced.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Nov. 21.— James
Lee, the confessed murderer of Molly
Allen, was this afternoon sentenced by
Judge Hinkson to life imprisonment. Lee
had pleadeu guilty.
Answers to Correspondents.
A Back Date— A. L., City. The 22d oi March,
18S9, fell on a Tuesday.
Thanksgiving Day— A. E., City. Thanksgiv
ing day in the year 1881 was on Thursday, No
vember 24.
The Cavalry— C. W., City. Boys of the age of
16 are not enlisted iv the cavalry »orvice of
tne united States army.
rcrnr Hall Dome— C, Oakland, Cal. The
dome of the City Hall in San Francisco is not
yet complete, and bo visitors are allowed
within it.
Tungsten— J. W., City. There is no market
price lor tungsten, as it Is not an article of
commerce. It is in the nature of a chemical
curiosity from the laboratory.
New York Figures— L. E., City. The figures
of the State of New York at the recent election
are given as follows: McKinley 795,271.
Bryan 543,839, Palmer 18,205.
Kearney— W. T. C. City. It was in 1878 that
Denis Kearney was iv the East, and it was on
the Oth of August of that year that he ad
dressed a meeting of workingmen in Boston.
Vacation— X. N., Lorin, Alameda County,
Cal. The President and officers of the Cabinet
of the United States generally take a vacation
duri-ig the summer months, but there is no
definite time for such.
Guatemala— L. M. C, Mount Olivet, Sonoma
County, Cal. D. Lynch Pringle of New York
is United States Consul-General for Guatemala,
and John Worth Todd is Vice-Consul, both
located in the City of Guatemala.
United Siatks Senators— S., City. A Sen
ator of the United States is elected by the
Legislature of the State. If he wants to resign
he must tender his resignation to the power
that created him. In case of a vacancy when
the Legislature is not ln session the Governor
appoints till the next meeting of the Legis
lature, when the vacancy is tilled.
Charcoal— L. A. L. 8., City. The best
quality of charcoal is made from oak, maple,
beech and chestnut. Wood will furnish, when
properly charred, about 20 per cent of coal.
A bushel of coal from pine weighs 29 pounds;
a bushel of coal from hard wood weighs 30
pounds; 100 parts of oak make nearly 23 of
charcoal; beech, 21; apple, 23.7; elm, 23;
birch, 24; maple, 22.8; willow, 18; poplar, 20;
red pme, 22.10; and white pine, -3.
Sttlphuk in Pipes— Farmer, Tulare, Cal.
Works on chemistry say that the solvents of
sulphur are carbon sulphide, oil of turpen
tine and benzole, ail very odoriferous. If the
pipes which have become clogged with sul
phur are of iron they might be taken up and
tne deposits could be dissolved by heat. If
they are oi lead or of wood probably the best
thing to do would be to put iv new pipes.
Btatje Legislature— M. N., Lorin, Alameda
County, CaL The Legislature of the State of
California meets at noon on the first Monday
after the Ist day of January next succeeding
the election of its members, and since 1881
has met biennially. The Governjbr may by
proclamation convene the Legislature at any
time outside of the regular time for meeting.
The sessions may last as long as the members
may desire to remain in session, but no pay is
allowed to members for a longer time than
sixty days.
J. F. M., City. "America," the
National anthem, was written by the late
Samuel Francis Smith, D.D.. who for many
years was pastor of the First Baptist Church of
Newton. Mass. In a letter in which Dr. Smith
wrote about the anthem he said: "The song
was written at Andover, during my student
life, I think in the winter of 1831 or 1832. It
was first used publicly at a Sunday-school
celebration on a Fourth of July in Park-6treet
Church, Boston. I had in my possession a
number of German song books, from which I
was selecting such music as pleased me, and,
finding 'God Save the King,' I proceeded to
give it the ring of American Republican
patriotism."
"Sweet Maeie"— M. M., City. The author of
the once very popular song, "Sweet Marie," is
Cy Warinan. He was born on a farm near
Greenup, 111., June 22, 1855. When 25 years
of age he went to Colorado, but up to that
time had not even given any evidence what
ever of literary ability, and no indication that
he possessed any latent quality m that direc
tion. He worked on the Denver and Rio
Grande Railway, and after a time became a
fireman on a locomotive. His run was over
the famous Marshall Pass, and he declared
that it was the majestic scenery that he saw
that inspired him to write poetry. On the 17th
of May, 1892, he married Miss Myrtle Marie
Jones, the original "Sweet Marie."
Se«3ioxs op Congress— N. N., Lorin, Alameda
County, Cal. The tirst session of the Fiftieth
Congress of the United States commenced
December 5, 1887, and continued until Octo
ber 20.1888; second session, December 3, 1888,
to Novemoer 4, 1889. Fifty-flrst Congress,
December 2, 1889, to October 1. 1890. ana
December 1, 1890, to March 4, 1891. Fifty
second Congress, December 7. 1891, to August
5. 1892 and December 5, 1892, to March 4,
1893. Fifty-third Congress, August 7, 1893,
to November 3. 181)3. December 4, 1893, to
August 28. 1894, and December, 1894, to
March 3, 1895. Fifty-fourth Congress, Decem
ber 2, 1895, to June 11, 1896. The second ses
sion will begin December 7, 1896, and will
close Marcn 4, 1897.
S JVETW TO-DAT-DRY GOOD'S
' awrwiinirflrflninin^
I THE MAZE, i
Ef Would you know the place where your 3
; £ money will go the farthest in the purchase -3
g= of your wants? Come to us and realize it. 3
E, These items will convince you who are San 3
§= Francisco's greatest bargain-givers. Un- 3'
£ equaled for Monday. . 3
B , . ■ -. .;.: •• ' • ■■■ _. 3
Toy Department open in the Basement. Immense "=3
£E stock. Lowest living prices. Purchase now. We store 3
St: and deliver free for Christmas. 13"
Silks 50c. 1 Domestics Downstairs. =S
: fc: Fancy Brocaded Printed Warp Silks.our Tne greatest money-saving department
•rrJ selling price was 85c, and if you bought in ' Frisco: ■ A few steps downstairs, but
g- any earlier in me season that's what you i quarters saved every step you take. -^
»- paid. A. line of 22-inch Black Figured rh -_i._j '■ i..,.!^.,-*. c- —•»
J^: Silts is selling at st)c— they are all silk. Checked JaCKOHet SC, _«o
m*r We don't have to say they are cheap, lor Worth lflr ' ■— «'
Jfc any child knows that. 22 inches wide .V" , U V ' W ♦♦ nigl _ -*g
5^ and all silk - • ' ■ '" A whole case in assorted patterns. The =^
«>— ' , ' - value will surprise and delight you. *•
.. g: 36-Inch Serges 12Jc. ; * Brown Canton Flannel sc. 3
, S^ Come in '. black, - navy, brown, etc. The sign on the pile says marked down —*•
gg— Should be a bargain at 25c. -.Way under, from 90. No matter; it's awful good ~IS
v our wildest expectation of selling when quality lor sc. ""•
: they were purchased. . . ~^
Flannelettes sc.
s£: 50-Inch Silk-Mixed Come In light, dark and high colors,
ST" p._ __ /- . -»!- printed and woven. They are special at 12
LiresS UOOdS 35C. this price. We ran them last as a bargain «■
SH They will measure 50 inches broad, at BUc. Half went, then the balance will 13
g- maybe 54. All silk and wool; not a thread go Monday at SC.5 C . -^
«- of cotton in them. Our price always was v/ nn i t..««j r,-.* .t- * -*
g- 75c. but we want to get a move on Dress VVOOI I titled Comforts $2. r^
»^_ Goods and cut price in two. ■,\ - They are made of downaiine. and when —» ■
g"~ ' " you feel them and are incased in them "^g
g~ Novelty DreSS Fabrics $1. you'll wonder if they are. not a 10 -~*±
. J . ■ coverlet. . S
j^~ Imported from England— just arrived. «-»••_. US
«^— They come in green and blacK, blue and KIDDOnS 4C. — g
21 black, red and black, etc. Are the raised All silk, all colors. So good that at the — •
g- boucle effect. Some are mohair and wool, price the maker will never do it again. '=^
2^_ some are silk and wool. Honestly, they ° ' _35
•£: cost $1 so, duty paid, to land. « They Children's Wool Bonnets 10c. =^
SH should and would sell for $2 & yard. Our w „ . t ■- . ,■_,,_„, „„ T^ IS
fc prices are moving a raft of Dress Fabric*, J t^socul andTouTf buyo^ii 3
I£n i _ . , ... , _. you see them. r35
SE= Iron-Clad Kid Gloves 05c. p ... r o ■'■■
£= Two-clasp Pique Gloves, in all sizes- '° W ■^ SCS °3 v
SI &A 10 1% ; fitted to the hand and guaran- X , Rea £ y mad , e ' r ? **£ t0 , use You can't 12
teed for wear. They are pique-stitched. bu >' lhe muslin in them for the price. .^3»
ST~ reds and tans. Our word for it they will I !mhr.»l lie CIV 12
e»~ equal any $125 glove sold in this town, V"?"™; 11 " 2 * 3"C- . . T^
ST" and lots of $1 50 ones. Natural sticks, 2b inches, Gloria Serge. "3
S^ You will pay 75c to $1 anywhere for a
£= Lining Silesias 6\c. likeone.
**- .we don't give a discount to a living Changeable Silk Waists $3. — •
j Sr= soul, but we give you what most mer- They are beautiful/ Can't keep enough
•£- chants ask 12^c for b%c, and if you of them on hand. Silk is 75cayard-5 ""*
J^: don't believe it come and see. yards to a Waist. Where does the profit =^
y* _„ come In ? . —»
i^ Rustle Percalines Sic. .,,, . . :^
i d Most discount houses charge 15c-le S3 **&™* & Vests 25c and 35c •
i g*~ 10 per cent equals 13) Natural Gray, high neck, long sleeves. -^*
c*— . " These are the best bargains in Vests we've 12
£ Hosiery 25c, solvent you^Wy? wllh any 4Oc and 3
&z Silk Piaited 35c. c . r»-.i. . \r ' *. _, • =S
£r These are two corking hosiery bargains. S WISS Ribbed Vests 50c, 75c. 12
i»- Hermsdorf fast dye. I he 25c grade com- Size 3 only. These prices are 100 per =^
! fc: Prise 40 and 50 gauge, in all the new cent less than they were sold for, but — *■
! fancy ribs t - The silk plaited hose is they are down to one size. r^|
worth 75c. JVliHinery. . =S
;£: Black Boucle Capes' $5. ' a^^W^J&^aJS'^
| *-~ These are unparalleled bargains. Thibet have you call and see our new patterns—
ST trimmed or fancy cloth strap work. Judge ideas from the Sew York Horse Show =2
by this item if our Cloak Department is We are showing some beauties In Trio 12
not the most reasonable one in town. mcd Hats, «5 up. Walking Hats 50c ~^
MARKET AND TAYLOR STS.
MACK AY'S
Ttß^ TABOURETTES
fTABOURETTES
In Solid Oak and
lit 1 ay i H Mahogany Finish,
all |9 I
i -Just .the thing for Xmas. Buy one now.
We'll put aside and deliver it Xmas eve.
If perplexed as to what to give, our va-
riety of holiday goods will certainly help
you,
LINOLEUM.
5000 yards this week at 40 cents -laid; ex-
cellent quality.
WINDOW SHADES.
1000 Felt Shades, spring roller; size, 3
z7 feet; for 15 cents each.
CARPETS.
Our proverbially low prices still ~ prevail;
don't miss us!
Oar store don't look so biff to the front, bat we
have 60 feet frontage on Stevenson street, for j
which we pay south of Market-street rent. . ThU
accounts somewhat for our low . prices and good
values generally.
ALEX. MACKAY & SON,
715 MA.RKET STREET.
Furniture, Carpets and . Upholstery.
PLANS AND SPECIFICATIONS
For a School Building.
Office Board op Kducation*. >
Sax Francisco, "November 17. 1898 r
T» ACCORDANCE WITH A • BMOLyililf •
X adopted by the Beard of Kducatlon of the City
and County of San Francisco, .November 16, 1898.
public notice is hereby given to architects that
competitive plans and sperlflcauons for the erec-
tion of a High school building in the Mission duv
££, f X 7 ftnd Coan I t 3 ri wil ' be received ac-
cording to the. "General Instructions to Archi-
tects" (copies of which can be obtained at the of-'
vrtn^r 8 d board) in op n session of the Board of
Education on Monday, November 30 189R at 8
o'clock p. v. as follow^ On a lot 398 ieet fro«
facing south, by a depth of 194 feet, having three
street frontages. The said plans and specifications
To ArnM.i f ™ 11 ' 1 -* ne l wllo ' <Gen eral Instruc;ion3
to Architects," and to be so prepared that the coat
of the building, excluding the architect's commis-
«v?» l D x°£ " Ceed In the <«6.egate the sum of
$137,000. The architect whose pfnns and sr.ecitl-
cailon, are adopted by the board will be appointed
architect and superintends of the build...- at a
compensation ot five (5) per cent Of the total "st
of the structurp. lhe architects submlttln - plans
and specittcutions determined by the t oartl obl
ur Slnd £& iD mwlt wiU «ce\ve premiums
of f JIXJ and f respectively
•■■-■■.'. OEORGK BKAXSTOX. Secretary.
NOTICE.
Official Map or the City and Coupty of
■ San Francisco.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE BOARD
of Supervisors of the'Cliy and County of San
Francisco, November 17, 1896. ;
. In accordance ■ with the provisions of Reso-
In lon No, 15,»-_7 (Third Series) of the Board of
Supervisor ,* public , notice '■ is - hereby given that
the new official ' map : of the City and County or
San Francisco is now open for public inspection
for a period of thirty : (30) ' days :on and from this
date in the office of the. City Engineer, floor, •
main corridor. City Hal!.: ■=-: .•.'••- :o< . • ~,.^ ■ •_ .
And all parties Interes.ed or j affected ar° hereby
Invited to examine the said map and file objec-
. tions, if I any ■ they have, >to t c delineations an
made on said map with the Board of Supervisors I
on or before Thursday, the 17th day of December
[ 1898. ;■: { . JKO. a. KXJSBi,LL, Clerk. !-
111 AT AUCTION
'*'V X it *>_.r V_r* XIV# I Al
TUESDAY,
TUESDAY ....NOVEMBER »«, 18 96.
At IS o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM 688 MARKET ST.
Opposite Palace Hotel. San Francisco. '
\
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOTS
fkojttixg ON
DETISADERO ST., Between Broadway
and Vallejo St.; VALLEJO ST..
West of Devisadero St.
Location sanitarily perfect. ■ Marine viewnn«nr.
passed and sublime, eurronndin^ k"7»w«25
elegant and choice. .: Just the spot for a homo
Now is the time to purcuase one or more' lot«/?or
this property will surely double in value wit bin
the next few years. Street work complete on De-
vlsadnro street; corner curbed and sewered Take
Pacific avenue cabla cars to Devisadero street to
examine tals choice offering. live Devlsadero
S£r^£g£°sr each: two vaue * s
Page-Street Corner Residence, Neap
Golden Gate Park. ■
Southwest corner Pa?e and Cole streets— Hand-
some modern bay-window corner house of 9 rooms,
c^.; fo^t a so h x o iT6\3Ve a e s t:- oak and h^^«^
Howard-Street Residence.
East Une (So. 2107) of Howard. 75 feet sooth
of Seventeenth street-Large bay-window resi-
dence of ten rooiss and bath: la elecant cond -
tion; choice neighborhood: cement walk; basa t
rock In street. Howard-street cars. Lot 25x1 00
lG6t» . ■ . : ,■ ■ ."• ,-■.-.....
"Western Addition Residence
North line (No. 924) Page. 106:3 feet east of
Bev.sadero street; modern bay-window residence
or » ■ rooms, bath. • basement and conservatory
newly painted and in good condition; brick foun-
dation; atre«t accepted; artificial stone sidewntt:
Devmdero, Haijht and Page street cars; lot 25x
137 :6 feet. -
V : Castro Heights Residence.
West line (lO'-'O) Castro street, 185 fet south of
23d; modern 2-story bay-window residence of 8
rooms and bar n ; all In tine condition; Castro-st.
cars pas* the door; 2-t^h-st. cars one block. •
Mission Coalrard and Cottage.
West line (No. 1310) of : Church st., 89 fact
south of 25th; cottage 4 rooms, with basement for
office; lot planked for coal yard: street macadam-
ized and sewered: goodwill of business goes with
this property; Just the place for hay, grain and
coal business or contractor: lot 25xiU2 feet.
; V; " Mission . Cosy Residence.
South lino (No. 449) of Jersey st., 85 feet east of
Castro; 2-story bay-window residence of 8 rooms
and bath; brick foundations; in fine condition. - ■
v Mission Cottage.
v? Southeast line of Arlington si.. . 438 feet south-
west of Koanoke; No. 381 Arlington st.; a pretty
bay-window cottage of 4 rooms and bath- in Una
condition. -' .■-. •■■ ...--■
EASTON, ELDBIDGE & CO.,
Office and Salesrooms, 638 Market St.
COSMOPOUIT IDT.
Opposite O. S. , Mint, 100 and ' 102 Fifth st. sin
Francisco, -The most- select family hotel in
the city. * Board and room fl, «1 25 and $1 50 ot.r
day according to room. Meals 25c. RoonuTioa
and 75c a day. i Free coach to and from the~nowL
-xkjk for the coach bearing the name of ths Cos*
■WBouun ttoi*. W.H. MAUMX, tro^fWfc"Sunday novembkr 2a, is« 6
AMUSEMENTS.
'bat-dwuj Thkater.— "Fleur de Lto."
( "Ai.iFORNiA Tiikatkb. — "Darkest Russia."
. roi.rußiA Thkatfk— ••Humanity."
Slobosco's Cpkba-Hocbe- Ihe King of Iron."
Tivoli Opkra Horst- -Donna Juanlta."
Orphktjm— High-Ciass Vaudeville.
Alcazar Thkatkr.— " At Fort BlUa,"
Skw Bcsh-strekt Theater.— T. a. Kennedy,
tbe Hypnotist.
Ihe CHriKs and Skattxo Eixk.- Dally at
liaight street; one block east of the Park.
.Central Park.— Baseball.
fclißO hit hb- Bsthinc and performanef««.
•Oakland Race Track.— Races to-morrow.
Th» Acditoritm— B2lllS and Mason streets-
\ audevllle, Tuesday evening, Nov. 24.
Cox-ben Gate P>RK-Golden Gate Park Band.
AUCTION hALt.S.
By Cook A Co.— Monday. November 23, Chlna-
Vare, at 123 Kearny st,, at 2 o'clock.
By Madigan & Co.— Monday, November 23,
ft aeons, etc, at 1122 Mission street.
1-v Bbuzvam 4 Doyle— Monday, Nov. 23,
Horses, etc., at Ml 4 Sixteenth su »t 11 o'clock.
By P. J. Earth.- Monday. November 23, Office
Furniture, at 414 McAllister st., at 11 o'clock.
By Ea6TOX «& Kldridgk.— Tuesday, Nov. 24,
Real Estate, at salesroom, 638 Market street, at
• IS o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
John P. Scully has been granted a divorce
■ from Mary E. Scully.
Joe Davis, a 14-year-old traveler and philoso
pher, is in town on his way around the world.
The Coroner's jury in the Childs inquest re
turned a verdict accusing John Miller of mur
der.
The City and County Is to be sued for over
$30,000 claimed to be due for back jurors'
fees.
'4 A storm of considerable energy was central
m last night over the northern half of the Pacific
f's.ope.
v T.ne next Bacon-Mlnettl concert will take
place at the Association Auditorium next Sat
urday.
D, J. TobiD, Charles A, Peril, Semper Lex,
Geyser and Alazan won races at Oakland yes
' terday. GfitfH
Property belonging to the estate of the late
Henry Bruggemann has been appraised at i
$639 49.
The Board of Health visited a number of
schools to inspect the sanitary arrangements
yesterday.
Cloudy weather and probably rain Sunday.
High southwesterly winds.— A. G. McAdie,
Local Forecaster.
Coroner Hawkins held six inquests yester
day upon the bodies of persons who had met
death by violence.
The trolley car party fad has reached San
Francisco, with prospects of this pastime ob
.taining a regular boom.
The Conference Committee of the local
• lodges of the I. O. B. B. has submitted a plan
in relation to the endowment fund.
The Nevada Bank of San Francisco has sued
the City and County of San Francisco for
§.20,613 00 taxes, paid under protest.
Fruit-growers will meet at Sacramento De
cember 1 to discuss their interests. The con
vention is expected to be particularly inter
esting.
The Grand Jury has recommended to the
Supervisors that Head Janitor Murdock and
. two of bis subordinates be removed imme
diately.
The schooner J. M. Weatherwax put into
port in a leaky condition last night. Apart
of the cargo o£ lumber was sacrificed to save
tlie vessel.
Albert £. Rosenthal, son of Marcus Rosen
thai and nephew of the famous artist, Toby
Kosecthal, has won high musical honors in
fciuttgart, Germany.
The California State Board of Trade has pre
pared a report highly eulogistic of tobacco
culture in this State, to be handed In at the
next meeting of the board.
Mr.s. Maggie Graham-Fowden has filed her
report as administratrix of her late husband's
estate, showing that of i? 5725 20 only $8 58}£
remains for the other heirs.
Lincoln Brodt of Marysviile was arrested
yesterday upt;n a Cnired States Grand Jury
indictment, charging him with perjury in a
mineral land swindling case.
In a few days a caucus will decide on the
distribution of local appointive offices. Boss
Rainey has his eye on the Board of Supervisors,
and he wants a new office created.
General Forsyth, U. 8. A., returned from the
East yesterday ana resumed command of the
Department of California, Colonel Shafter
bas taken command at the Presidio.
The Olympic Club football team defeated the
Reliance Club Kleven yesterday afternoon by a
bcore of 6 to 0, and won the athletic club foot
ball championship ot tbe Pacific Coast.
The Supreme Court has rendered a decision
on the appeal of Cesare Crespl. an Italian
i'ouruali-t, wno was convicted of criminal
ibel, affirming the judgment of the Superior
Court.
Foster defeated Wells in the match races at
the opening of the new Velodrome bicycle
track yesterday afternooo. The track proved
to be safe and exceptionally last and several
coast records were broken.
A little sloop will be christened in Oakland
Creek on Thanksgiving day to trade in river
products. A feature of the cn terprise, which
has been proj^ted by colored men, is that no
Sunday work will be permitted.
A. H. Dean, who was arrested for complicity
in the Neavda Bank forgery, will appiy for a
reduction of bis bail, which is $50,000. It is
understood that he is not to be prosecuted be
cause be "turned State's evidence."
Conditions indicate continued stormy
weather along the Pacific coast. Southeast
storm signals are displayed from San Fran
cisco northward and all northbound vessels
are warned to expect heavy weather.
Mrs. Nettle Craven is pleased because sbe
' has compelled R. V. Dey to produce ior exami
nation the contract made by ihe heirs of
James G. Fair to pay her $500,000 in settle
ment of her claims against the estate.
L. J. Buxeby, 21 years of age, went to D!x
-• on's Hub Works, where he was employed,
yesterday morning, while under the influence
of drink, and fired three shots at another
workman, for which, he was arrested for as
sault to murder.
The will of Maria Miller has been filed for
probate. It bequeathes $2000 to her daugh
ter, Lydia Brandis; to her granddaugh
ter, Maria Joost; the remainder to be divided
among her other children, share and share
alike. John A. Miller is named es executor
The estate is worth $4000.
NEW TO-DAY. , i«V :^
"IJEVirGOODS^ TTMEJjrPRJCEs7~
Bees to announce to the ladles of Man Francisco that, beginning to.morrow, Monday, the 23d, he will
resume business at cis former location,
104-106-108 KEARNY STREET,
And will offer them a new, fresh stock of Silks, Dress Oooas, Hosiery, Domestics, Trimmings, etc., at
* prices so low as to make competition Impossible.
OPENING INDUCEMENTS.
In all colors, 40-lncb ALL-WOOL SATIN SUIT?, SILK and WOOL FRENCH NOVEL.
DE CHINE, elegant designs, reduced from TIES reduced to «4 60, 96 25 and $7 a fall ■
.....•...;.......'.:......... .......$l to a yard ......:..:.. :.'..:;.;.... ;..... ..v.;.~dres« pattern
In all colors, 48 Inch ALL-WOOL HATIN DE . 40-INCH A LL-WOOL FRENCH BF.ROKS re-
CHINK, reduced nj......fl 50 to 85c a yard duced fr0m.....;;.; ...75c to 25c a yard
BEN L INK ENGLISH: BEKGKS, in black, 10-LNCH.. ALL-WOOL TRICOTS . reduceu .
navy, green and brown, reduced fr0m...... fr0m.....". .... 1 .v..;..\.....'......65c to «5c a yard
.91 50 to 76c a yard Elegant stock of FANCY PLAIDS at... ...
. . :_.' • .......;................ ........50c and 75c a yard
SPECIAL SALE OF BLACK BROCADED SILKS AND SATINS.
ALL-SILK BLACK SATIN BROCADES at FANCY FIGURED GLORIA SILKS at... .
• 60c peryard......;.... ............ worth 83c .........:..... V.;. V...;.;..:. per yard
EXTRA-FIN X QUALITY BLACK SATIN ; FANCY .FIGURED ALL-SILK TAFJKKTAS
AND OROS GRAIN BROCADES at 75c r at...; .............:;. ;...50c per yard
a yard ...........good va ue for $1 BLACK ALL-SILK TAFFETAS at...50c per yard
EXTRA HEAVY ALL-bILK BLACK GROS CHANGEABLE . TAFFETA . SILKs, best
. • GRAIN BROCADES, large and medium # rustling quality, new shadlngs, at..Bsc per yard
designs, at 85c a yaid.. ............. worth $1 25 -: , ; ; — — —
-)'■ .- ALL-WOOL GRAY BLANKETS.. #2 50
£IDER DOWN FLANNELS, all colors ; CAMELBHAIR SOX. 3 pairs 10r.;....... ......350
..........;..... 30c a yard CAMELSHAIBSHIRTs and DRAWERS.-..- :. .
k tOOTCH TENNIS FLANNELS ..........* •..:.;;.... ....:.-. .r.vr.T. ...V..^..;;....45c each
XV, 12 yards for *1 GENTS'. FINE WHITE SHIRTS at..;.. 4 5c each
•pSGHAMS AND CALICOES ....,5c a yard UENTS' r COLOR BORDERED • HAND-
KBLKAUIIvd MUSLINS 6c a yard - KERCHIEFS :;.... .........;...; Sc each
10-4 BLANKET*, at ............;..;....:.. .....81 LADIKS'- AND CHILDREN'S HANDKER-
CALIFORNja BLANKETS, all wool-... '...93 75 CH1EF5...........;.... ......;..... ......6c each
FAIR TREATMENT. STERLING VALUES. EVERY EFFORT MADE
TO PLEASE OUR CUSTOMERS. WE WANT YOUR TRADE. "
J. SAMUELS, 104-168 KEARNY STREET.
SOME PERTINENT TRUTHS
TOLD OF A NEWSPAPER FAKER
Stories Have Been Published Without One Feature of
Reality or Fairness for Their
Foundation.
General Manager Expases One of
the Latest and Most Cruel
Canards.
WAGES OP STEEETOAE MEN.
They Are Not to Be Reduced and
Subj ct Has Not Even Been
Under Consideration.
"If we had any man In our employ who
would believe a story that appeared in
that $30,000 beauty, the Monarch of the
Fakers, we would try to get him a place in
the asylum for the feeble-minded."
Wnen General Manager E. P. Vining of
the Market-street Railway Company ut
tered these words there was a good
humored sincerity in his tones that indi
cated clearly how thorough was his con
tempt and distrust for the journal he re
ferred to.
His remark was called forth by an in
quiry as to the truth ol an article which
appeared in the Examiner Friday, stating
that it was the intention of the company
to reduce the wages of gnpmen and con
dectors to $2 a day, instead of continuing
to pay employes 2:2% cents an hour.
"The subject of wages," continued Mr.
Vining, "has not been talked about or
brought up in any way. AYe are entirely
satisfied, and have every reason to believe
that our employes are also satisfied with
the present system. We would be very
foolish, when we have a satisfactory basis,
to change to one that would be unsatisfac
tory.
"A large part of the trouble between
employers and employes arises over dis
putes as to what constitutes a day's labor.
This is always an uncertain quantity. We
pay by the hour, and everyone knows
what an hour is, so that there can be no
misunderstanding on that point.
"The article in the Examiner is abso
lutely without any foundation, but so lit
tle iaith is placed in anything that paper
has to say on any subject in which its
self-interest is involved that I would not
use my time, nor trouble the public with
denials of its numerous and palpable
fakes, under ordinary circumstances. But
in this case I feel there is something due
our many hundreds of employes and their
families.
"The publication of unfounded rumors
like this is unpardonable and maliciously
mischievous. Ido not apeak from the
company's standpoint, but from that of
the employe. Nearly all of our men are
married, or have others" dependent on
them, and these untruthful stories 4end
to demoralize and discourage the men, and
create an uneasiness in their families that
is nothing less than cruel, for a reduction
of the daily earnings would mean to some
of these people deprivation and perhaps
even actual suffering.
"One of the things that the faking sheet
calls attention to is that men have some
times to work until 1 o'clock in the morn
ing, and then must report on again at 5
o'clock the same morning. It is trne
some few do so, but the reason for this is
one that is to the benefit of our men, and
I am sure they ail understand it.
"Twelve hours is considered a full day's
work, but when cars are kept out from
eighteen to twenty hours each day we
would either have to divide the time so as
to give all our employes a chance to earn
a full day's pay throughout the week or
divide the day's run so that none of them
would earn more than ten hours' pay. I
find that three cars, for instance, aggre
gate eixty hours' run in three days. This
is divided into five tricks of twelve hours
each.
"This gives one crew twelve hours, say
from 5 a. m. to 5 p. m., and another crew
eight hours, from 5 r. m. to la. m. The
latter is then given the trick from 5 a. m.
to9A.H the next day. This of course
gives only four hours between the two
watches, but each crew has an interval of
eight hours also, and of course can sleep
either the consecutive eight hours or take
their sleep in installments, wnichever suits
them best.
"This arrangement, paturaliy, is not
what a man would make from choice, but
is adopted so as to give all opr men an op
portunity, as I said, to earn a full day's
pay. Ia this way, which is really no
hardship, there ara not a larce number of
men who get a few hours' work a day
which would not return them a living."
it is a well-known fact that this fake, bo
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896.
thoroughly exposed by Mr. Vining, is but
one of scores which have appeared in the
Examiner; some in connection with the
Fair case and others with matters promi
nent in the public eye from time to time.
Presuming on the credulity of its readers
and the natural diffidence of most people
to take is»ue with a daily newspaper sen
sational stories and rumors have been
printed one day only to be denied the
next, and in some instances the virtual
denial has followed in the closing para
graph of the very article falsely purport
ing to give the beguiled readers of that
publication some great piece of news.
And this is called enterprise by the self
styled "Monarch." But this imposition
has now been so long practiced on a
patient and indulgent public that it is
waning in Its effect and there are few
readers who now wouid be surprised to
read in the columns ot the Examiner that
it had allied itself with decency, respecta
bility, honesty and truth, for they would
know exactly what to expect— that the
Examiner's rivalry for the Police Gazette's
field of patronaee was to be keener than
ever.
WANTED IN IOWA.
J. J. Fatrchiid. Alias Farnnwort h. Ar
rested for Embezzling the Funds
of His Employers.
J. J. Fairchild, alias Farnsworth, was
arrested Friday night by Captain Hines of
! Pinkerton's agency and Detectives Whita
j ker aud Seymour, and is being detained
t in the City Prison pending the arrival of
i an officer from lowa.
A few days aao Chief Crowley received a
dispatch from lowa that Fairchild was
wanted in Osage for embezzling the funds
of his employers, the Stayer & Aobott
Carriage Manufacturing Company, Chi
cago. He had been the agent of the com
pany for the State of lowa, with head
quarters at Osage. The amount missing
was not given.
Fairchild when seen in the City Prison
last night admitted that he hadoverarawn
his account with the firm to the extent of
$700 or $800. Tney were in the habit of
allowing him to do so, and nothing would
have been said if he had not foolishiy run
away from O*age.
He attributes his troubles to an en
tanglement with a woman, from whom he
had been forced to flee. He had also been
drinking hard before his riignt, but since
coming here had seen the folly of hib con
duct. He had been agent ior* tie State of
lowa for some years. He expected that
his friends would settle up with the com
pany, AH that he had with him when he
left was ?150, and it was all spent. He ar
rived here ten days ago.
MET VIOLENT DEATHS.
Several lnqueita Held Yenterday at the
Public Morgue.
Coroner Hawkins was kept busy yester
day holding inquests upon the bodies of
persons who during the past week had
met violent deaths. The case of Sigmund
Strauss brought out two verdicts by tbe
jury hearing the story of the old man's
death.
Strauss fell under the steps of a Mission
street electric car at Twenty-ninth and
Mission streets, on the morning of the
12th inst Frederick Marks believed that
! the old man's death was caused by negli
i gence on the part of the railroad com
pany, for he returned the following ver
dict:
That Slgmund Strauss, age 84 years, nativity
; Germany, occupation bookkeeper, residence
I'aciJic Hebrew Home, came to his death on
November 12, l«9ti, at the City nad County
Hospital, from a snock, and we further find
' that death was caused through the negligence
of the Market-street Railway Company in not
I providing suitable guards under the step.
The other five jurors returned a simple
verdict of accidental death.
On about the i)ih inst. Adam Zimmer
i mann fell from a hayloft at the Richmond
i dairy and he died on the 12th in the City
i and' County Ho-pital from the effects of
the fall. A verdict of accidental death
was returned.
WilJiam E. Brown of 1 Polk street be
came tired of this life on Xovember 11 and
; took a dose of carbolic acid to put an end
!to his earthly existence. The jury be
i tiered that he had committed suicide and
j so officially reported.
A verdict of suicide was rendered in the
case of Robert W. Deutsch, a cloakmaker,
I who recently came from New York!
! Deutsch was unable to secure emplos'
j ment, and being very ill he turned on the
: gas at his home at 2257H Sutter street and
j died soon after. He killed himself on the
18tti inst.
A similar verdict was given in the case
of the unknown young man who, on about
the 10th inst., sent n bullet into his head
on the cliff above Point Lobos. He was
about 21 years of age and poorly clad. No
one coulu identify the youthful suicide.
THE PUGILISTS.
George Green Is Looking for Easy
Game— l'itzHiminons and Corbett.
McAuliffe and Carroll are very much
displeased that the sporting people who
witnessed their ten-round go-as-you-please
boxing contest at Woodward's Pavilion
declared it to be a hippodrome.
McAuliffe is now looking for some more
easy money and is ready to sign articles
with any man if some of the clubs will
offer a large purse. It is not likely, how
ever, that any of the California clubs will
transact business with fat Jack, as he is
too lazy to train ana is too old to travel
even a ten-round race.
George Green would have a very soft
snap if he met "the champion" in a ten
round contest.
It is doubtful if a corporal's guard would
witness such a mill. McAuliffe should go
to bookmaking and quit dreaming about
whipping any of the good young fellows
of the present day.
Julian, the manager of Fitzsimmons,
states that rather than disappoint Corbett
he will agree that Fitzsimmons shall meet
him in a twenty-round contest before the
club giving the largest purse— that is, pro
vided a good offer for a finish contest is
not received between now and the 23th
inst. Dan Stuart of Texas has been noti
fied that he mnst declare himself before
the 28th of this month; otherwise the bat
tle will be "pulled off" in New York.
Bharkey and Fitzsimmons are both in
good condition now and the public may
rest assured of seeing a contest where
hard and quick hitting will be the order.
There will be no pleasantries exchanged
between Bob and Tom— talking will be out
of the question. Betting is now 3to 1 in
favor of Fitzsimmons.
LINCOLN BRODT ARRESTED.
Accused of Perjury in Trying to Secure
Mineral Lands
Lincoln Brodtof Marysville was arrested
yesterday on an indictment presented by
the last United States Grand Jury. He is
charged with perjury. According to the
Complaint Brodt went before Land Regis
ter William A. Lowery of Maryiville and
swore taat certain pieces of land upon
which he filed timber land claims were fit
only for timber purposes, that it was not
mineral land, and that it had not thereon
any mining or other improvements. The
facts are that the land in question nas
been worked for years as mining property.
The land is held under a United States
mining grant by George Parry and H. S.
Merry, who for the past ten years have
been making such improvements as build
ing ditches and flumes, erecting mining
hoists over their shatts, etc.
In all there are three counts against
Brodt. From all of the evidence pre
sented to the Grand Jury it appears as
though Brodt and Fred Jones and O. M.
Enslow formed a conspiracy to secure
many thousand dollars' worth of valuable
property owned nnd operated by the min
ing company. The other two have not
been heard of. Brodt was released on
$2500 bonds.
HAPLESS CHILDREN.
Five Little Ones Rescued From Want
and Squalor by Officer Frank
J. Kane.
Special Officer Frank J. Kane went out
on the San Bruno road yesterday to the
rescue of the five young children of Patrick
Lacy, who lives near Twenty-eighth
street. The oldest of the children is 13
years and the youngest is 4 years. He
found that the children were in a sad con
dition. They were utterly void of com
forts, hungry, dirty and half-naked. One
was so sick that Mr. Kane had her taken
to the Children's Hospital. One was
placed in the Infant Asylum at South San
Francisco. The others were taken to the
Youth's Directory.
The mother of these five children died
only a few months ago. Up to that time
they were cared for by her and were com
fortable. Since that time they have been
getting worse off ail the time. Tneir bed 3
had no clean clothing and no pillows.
Their meals were poor and uncertain.
Tbe house becani" filled with vermin.
The father lost Ins work through drink
and could not pet more. Mr. Kane has
visited the Lacy house four times. Yes
terday he told Lacy he had come for the
GLIMPSE OF ARMOR ROOM, PARK MUSEUM.
children and he was allowed to carry them
away without opposition.
BAD ARRANGEMENTS.
The Board of Health Does Not Like the
Sanitary Appliances of Several
Public Schools.
The Board of Health, accompanied by
the Health Officer, we:it on a tour of in
spection yesterday to a number of schools
to which cases of diphtheria have been
traced and found what they were looking
for — unsanitary outbuildings and the
necessity of repairs in nearly every case.
Among the institutions visited were the
Everett Grammar School on Sanchez
street, the St. Francis and Notre Dame
parochial schools on Dolores street, and
the Mission Grammar and Mjy»hali Pri
mary schools on Mission street.
All were found to have open vaults to
which the board objects.
The sanitary arrangements of the three
public schools were found to be yery bad.
The two parochial schools were found to
be clean and well kept, but the vaults were
looked updn with disfavor by the mem
bers.
The board will caucus on the matter to
day and will probably order two or more
of the schools closed until the necessary
changes and repairs to insure the health of
the pupils are made.
One new case of diphtheria and one
death was reported at the Health Office
yesterday.
A SCHOONER DISABLED.
The J. 31. Weathnrwar Arrives in Port
in a liitky Condition.
The schooner J. M. Weatherwax put
into port last evening in a bad condition.
On the 17th while up the coast she ran
into a heavy gale and a rough sea. The
vessel sprung a leak near the stern, and
could only be kept free by continuously
working the pumps. In order to save the
vessel it was necessary to cut the deck
lashings and let about 125,000 feet of lum
ber £O overboard. Tue crew were obliged
to work night and day at the pumps to
reach port, and even after getting in the
work was continued.
Thk house of A. L. Bancroft <fc Co. has
sold out to William C. Hamilton, who has
for a number of years been associated
with them in the sale of Haines Bros, and
Bush & Gerts 1 pianos. Mr. Hamilton
assures me that his enterprise starts with
a booming business aud a general rally of
his friends. He has sold half a dozen
pianos since November 1, rieht in the
midst of the election turmoil. The mind
reels in contemplation of his business, as
it will be under the golden rays of the
McKinley sun. _
Jollity at the Emporium.
The managers of the Emporium have ar
ranged for a grand entertainment for the
920 employes of the atore Tuesday
evening next, November 24. The full Em
porium orchestra has been engaged to furnish
promenade and dance mualc, and abundant
relrephments will be served in the restaurant.
The committee of entertainment consists of
Charles K. Garcy, S. W. Dixon and W, a.
Dundas.
Surrendered Himself.
W. W. Campbell, draotiat. Ninch and How
ard streets, who is wanted for felony embez
zlement, surrendered himself at the City
Prison yesterday afternoon and was released
on bonds. He Is charged by Donald Chlsholm,
1159 Fomom street, and his wife with embez
zling $300, which he obtained from the Mar
icet-street Cable Company as damages lor in
juries received by Mrs. ChWholm.
Uig Demand.
There is a heavier demand than ever all
over the State for the Pioneer brand shred
ded desiccated cocoanuts.
NAPOLEON'S BED
AND HIS THRONE
Exhibited at the Midwinter
Exposition Memorial
Museum.
New and Beautiful Curios Seen
at a Private View Yes
terday.
Rearranged and With Many Rare
Additions It Is Now Ready for
Public Inspection.
A private view of the Midwinter Expo
sition Memorial Museum in Golden date
Park before the reopening was afforded a
large number of delighted visitors yester
day afternoon from 2 to 6 o'clock. The
formal reopening for the public takes
place to-day. There will be no ceremony
connected with it.
The museum has been closed to install
the newly purchased exhibits, which range
from a throne chair used by Napoleon,
which was stolen from one of the palaces
during the Commune, down through a
brilliant and historical galaxy of curio?,
tapestries, jades, enamels, armor, etc., to
the crude in art, which in one instance is
represented by a huge wooden bowl of the
kind used by South Sea island cannibals
for cooking human flesh. The rearrange
ment of the museum and the new annex
greatly improve it and make it one of
the most beautiful, elaborate and valuable
in the country. Director M. H. de Young,
Curator C. t. Wilcomb and Assistant
Curator Rae Brown pointed out new
things of interest to friends and visitors.
Among the special points of interest in
the reopened museum are the following:
The museum now has twenty-two halls
which conttin different objects of interest.
California's resources are by no means for
gotten. One hall contains concentrated
exhibits of California woods, another Cali
fornia minerals and a third exhibits of
California's natural products.
The model-room comprises an interest
ing exhibit of various models. There are
severni realistic models of tue residences
and strongholds of the cliff-dwellers, a to
pographical model of Yosemite VaJlev an d
a relief map of California.
The artroom contains a very fine collec
tion of medallions in ivory, vellum and
porcelain, and a varied new collection of
enamels.
Tu'e tapestry hall comprises a rich and
rare collection of old Dutch, old Flemish
and Italian and tfuuvais tapestries, which
are very beautiful, and a rare display of
furniture of the styles of the first empire,
Louis XV and XVJ, and Italian and Flor
entine cabinet work. There are also here
old Dutch and French clocks, and a Louis
XIV sleigh.
Armory Hall is one of the most inter
esting in the new museum. It contains,
among the new tilings, a collection of
powder horns richly carved, ivory inlaid
tuns, crossbows, arquebuslers, one of
the first cannons ever made, a unique col
lection of pistols, and an array of French,
German and English helmets, spears,
knives and battleaxes.
Not the least interesting among the
halls is that of American curios, compris
ing arrowheads, stone arrows, snarpeners
and a large and brilliant collection of
Indian wearing apparel. Other halls con
tain curios possessing a religious interest,
such as reiics from churches of great age ;
another hall Chinese, Japanese and other
curios from Oriental countries. Egyptian
curios occupy another hall. This collec
tion is yet incomplete, as the main ex
hibits have not yet arrived. Beautiful
bas reliefs of Pantheon frieze may be seen
on the wall?.
A new collection of ivories is in another
hall. This collection is considered mag
nificent. It is very old, consisting of
French, German, Japanese and other
curios. Here also is a unique collection
of keys and locks of the Renaissance and
Gothic periods, showing magnificent work
manship, including padlocks, knockers,
doorpalls and an exquisitely ornamented
collection of hand-wrought iron for chests,
doors, etc, running back as fa** as the
eleventh century. There are also gold
keys used as badges of office by the cham
berlains of various German courts; also a
collection of old stirrups, rosettes and
escutcheons.
Music hall would be an appropriate
name for another department. Among
the new additions are a Louis XV grand
piano, with a double bank of keys. It is
elaborately carved and covered with gold
leaf. The inside of the top is handsomely
ornamented with landscape and figure
paintings. Also in the hall are a Louis
XIV harp, carved, embossed and enam
eled; a lyre of the First Empire and some
stringed instruments and reed pipes.
There is also a very beautiful collection of
■»ixty new fans of the time of Louis XiV,
XV and XVI. A collection of knives
and forks in this room comprises styles
which date back 1000 years. The handles
are made of iron, wood, steel, ivory, pearl
and buckhorn, handsomely carved and
mliid.
Several additions have been made to the
ceramic room which are exceedingly line.
A great collection of Sevres plate, pate en
pate, is a reproduction of the handsomest
plate produced at Sevres, the original set
being ia ike Louvre Museum, Paris.
i§ Ayer's Argument. 8
|jp If there is any reason why 3-011 should nse 111
any sarsaparilla, there is 'every reason why you
(|§P should use Ayer's. When you take sarsaparilla |j|
|||\ you take it to cure disease ; you want to be cured /^
as quickly as possible and as cheaply as possible.
fel ' I ' hat is Why yOU should use Ayer's: it cures /Pfo
quickly and cheaply — and it cures to stay. Many HP
|p| people write us : "I would sooner have one bottle tff§|&
Sg^ of Ayer's Sarsaparilla than three of any other
kind/ A druggist writes that "one bottle of (I||
Ayer's will give more benefit than six of any other
Hpf kind." Ii one bottle of Ayer's will do the work lj|
/^j. of three it must have the strength of three at the
v!P cost of one. There's the point in a nutshell. It f|p
|j| pays every way to use |j|
jl Ayer's Sarsaparilla. #
w ft
Among the examples of vases are Dresden
raised work, Chelsea, majolica, Astrachan
and Roman va3es.
In the royal pavilion along with the
original throne chair is a beautiful gilt
and red velvet upholstered bedstead which
Napoleon presented to his friend, Mile.
Mars, the leading actress of th Corned ie
Francais. It is a fnc-simile of the one
"the man of destiny" himself occupied in
the Palace of the Tuilleries. There is also
in ttiis room a great Sevres vase, on which
is a reproduction of Meissonier's creat
picture, "The Retreat From Moscow." and
a picture of Austerlitz. Napoleon's ink
stand from Trianon is also exhibited.
There is also a new collection of very
valuable carved jade nnd crystals, includ
ing a Japanese collection of jade, agate,
amethyst snuff boxes, jeweled swords, one
with a black jade handle inlaid with tur
quoise, and a white-jade handled sword
from Delhi inlaid with diamonds, rubies
and other precious stones.
Statuary Hall has a number of valuable
and interesting additions. Among them
are four large busts of Roman Emperors —
Nero, Claudius Caesar, Augustus Caesar
and Marcus Aurelius. The togas are
colored marble and the heads are cut
out of pure white Carrara. A very suit
ing statue is that of an Arab chief* which
was originally presented fo Field Marshal
Canrobert during the time of Napo
leon 111.
A quaint addition to the new and en
larged museum is an exact reproduction
of a colonial kitchen, with spinning-wheel,
loom, old china, etc. The natural history
department on the second floor has been
added to.
Miss Spooner of Californie has con
tributed two rare pictures valued at $20,000
to tne art callery. They are now en route
from the Boston Fine Art Museum.
JURORS WILL SUE
FOR THEIR FEES
The City and County Will
Be Defendant in a
Big Action.
Compensation Demanded for
Simply Answering to
Rollcall.
Suit is about to be bitought against the
City for $30,000 or more, claimed to be due
for jurors' fees earned since March 25 of
last year, the date on which the Legisla
ture passed a iaw allowing fees to jurors
in criminal cases.
Up to August of this year no legal effort
was made to collect jurors' fees in crimi
nal cases, but at that time one of the
jurors in the Durrant trial demanded com
pensation for his time, and on its being
refused began suit and carried the matter
to tha Supreme Court. That tribunal de
cided that he was entitled to his fees, and
since that time jurors have been paid $2
per d ay.
Shortly after the decision, which in
effect allowed all lees earned from the
date on wnich the law mentioned went
into effect, was rendered Jules C. Gamage,
manager of Harding's Law and Collection
Agency, conceived the idea that it would
be a good stroke of business to buy up the
claims of jurors who had served between
the date of the decision and the time when
the law went into effect.
Many of these- would not take the trouble
to handle their claims themselves and
would be glad to part with them for cash
in hand. A number of men were put at
work on the records of the courts, and all
who were entitled to fees were visited by
representatives of the agency, and several
hundred assigned their claims for a liberal
consideration.
A large number of the?e claims have i
been presented to the Finance Committee
of the Board of Supervisors and paid, and
many more, aggregating $5000, are in
course of preparation.
Those whose claims called for fees on
clays when they were actually engaged on
jury duty have gone through without
trouble, except that of making out de
mands, presenting proof of service ana i
other details, but where compensation for i
simply answering when called in court
was demanded there has been a hitch.
Such fees have betn paid when de
manded since the Supreme Court de
cision, but demands for such services
previous to August 17, 1896, have been n -
fused, and it is for these fees that the suit
will be begun. The United States courts I
allow fees to jurors when they appear in
court to answer to their names, whether
actual jury duty is performed or not, and
Harding's Agency will try to collect from
the City on several hundred claims that !
accrued between March 25, 1895, and i
August 16, 1896, and which have been as
signed to it-
Manager Gamage claims that it is an
absurd proposition that jurors who
HEW TO-DAT.
It will be a gain to all
concerned when Schillings
Best teas are so well under-
stood that, people and gro-
cers : buy and - sell ; them as
staples.
' We take the risk of your
trying them.
A Schilling & Company '.
San Francisco 59
NEW TO-DAY.
answered rollcall between the dates men
tioned are not to be paid when similar de
mands that have been made since August
17 last have been honored without a ques
tion, except as to proof that the jnror
really did nprear and answer to his name.
The papers in the ca?e are now in course
of preparation and will be filed when a
number of claims, now being investigated
as to their authenticity, are in such a con
dition as to be»included in the suit.
It is estimated that the total amount
outstanding against the City on tljis
ground will amount to about ?45.000, and
suits for the entire iist are within the ranee
of possibility.
To-Day's Baseball.
The Quiggies and the Alerts will furnish
amusement for lovers of baseball to-day at
Centra! Park. Game will be called at 2 p m
Admission will be 25 cents.
KEY TO-DAY.
the Tray
EXAMINATIONS
Scientifically conducted . reveal wonders.
I Instead of blindly, guessing at your dis-
ease the physician or surgeen can actually
I see it. ; Under DOCTOR COOK'S
! X-RAY your body becomes transparent.
| Your bones, your circulation and foe
The human hand as seen under
Dr. Cook's X-Ray.
action of your internal organs are plainly
seen by this eminent specialist. Hence
ihe is able to get the very bottom of your
disease and to familiarize himself with
its every detail.
Doctor Cook continues to treat with
anequaled success all special diseases of
both • sexes.. He ; particularly ; desires
(DOCTOR COOK.)
chronic, obstinate, deep-seated diseases
upon which other physicians have exceri-
mented and failed. Perfect qnres guaran-
teed.
YOUNG MEN, If you are troubled with
wmmmmmmmm—^mm—mamm* exhausting drains, pim-
| ples, bashfulness, aversion to society, stupid-
ness, despondency, • loss of ' energy, ambition
and ; self-confidence, which, deprive you
of your manhood and absolutely unfit you for
study, business or marriage — you - are thus
afflicted you know the cause. Get well and be
a man.'.
MIDDLE-AGED MEN, there are
am~aM___»i.a thousands of
you troubled with weak, achine backs and
! kidneys; frequent, painful urination and sedi-
ment in urine; impotency or .weakness of
sexual organs, ■ and other unmistakable signs .
of ' nervous " debility and premature decay.
Many die of this difficulty, ignorant of tha
cause, which is the second stage of seminal
weakness. The most obstinate . eases of this
character treated with unfailing success.
KIDNEY AND URINARY complaints,
■— , i ■ — m. »— _ — —^j painful, dii-
ficult, too frequent, milky ; or bloody urine,
unnatural discharges speedily cured.
PRIVATE Diseases— Gleet, Gonorrhea. In-
mm^mmmmmmm^m nammatlons, Discharges, Stric-
j tures, Weakness of Organs, Syphilis. Hydro-
• cele, Varicocele and kindred troubles quickly
I cured without pain and detention f from busi-
ness. •; .
CATARRH which poisons the Breath, Stom-
\ mmm^mm—mm^rmmmm ach and Lungs and paves tha
i way for • Consumption. Throat, Liver, Heart,
Kfaney, Bladder and all constitutional and in-
ternal troubles; ■ also Rupture, Piles, Fistula,
treated far in advance of any other institution
in this country.
BLOOD and SKIN Diseases. Sores. Spots.
Ptr "r'"° Scrofula.
Syphilitic Taint 3, Tumors, Tetter, Eczema -and
other impurities of the blood thoroughly erad-
icated, leaving. the system in. a strong, pur*
and healthful state. ; ; • ■■
---."■ ' * -'^v^sm^f^S^^^^^S^^Si^iwm^^Ss^iQ
LADI ES if you are suffering from persistent
' I, headache?, 1 painful menstruation,
leucorrhoea or whites, intolerable itching, dis-
placement of • the womb, or any other distress-
ing ailment : peculiar ' to your sex, you ' should
consult DR. COOK without delay. tHe cure*
when others fail.
WRITE your troubles if living away from
mmmm~—m—m the city. : Thousands - cured ■- at
home by correspondence, and medicines sent
secure s from 'i observation. " Office ■ hours— 9 to ; '
12 a. >i. and 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. M. ■ Sunday,
10 to 12 a. m: only. Address ffißQ
nnPTfIR Pflfllf 865 MARKET STREET. >
UUU I UK bUim, San Francisco, C»U
78
DID PARENTI
DIE BY POISON?
Mystery Enveloping the
Death of a Musician in
the Hospital.
A White Powder Which the
Dying Man Said Was
Administered.
Luigi Palo, Implicated by the State
ment, Makes an Apparently
Frank Explanation* »
The police are endeavoring to « P Tobe the
mystery surrounding the death of Agos
tino Parenti, a musician, which is alleged
to have been due to poison administered to
him by Luigi Palo, a bootblack.
Parenti before his death made a state
ment to Michele Votto, his partner at 737
Union street. He called upon Votto
hhortly aiter midnight Friday and com
plained of cramps in the stomach. Parenti
said that Palo had taken him around town
Friday afternoon and finally they got out
near the park, when Paio suggested taking
a ride to the Cliff House.
They got off the train before the car
reached the Cliff House and walked east
ward on the sand dunes. Palo induced
him to take more wine as he felt sick at
the stomach, and then gave him a white
powder which he swallowed. That was
about 5 o'clock. They wandered around
and along the beach and finally returned
to the City. Then he felt the severe pains
in nis stomach and came to consult his
partner, Votto.
Votto sent for Dr. Rappen, but the phy
sician said he could do nothing, and rec
ommended that Parenti be sent to the
Receiving Hospital. He was taken there
in the patrol- wagon and died about 2
o'clock yesterday morning.
Palo, who lived ac 1 St. Charles place, off
Kearny street, between Broadway and
Pacific, was arrested about 2 o'clock yes
terday morning by Policeman George Mc-
Mahon and hurried to the hospital for
identification by Parenti, but when they
got there Parenti was dead. Palo was
locked up in "the tanks" pending devel
opments.
He was seen yesterday afternoon and
made the following statement:
"About 1 o'clock Friday afternoon I
saw Votto and Parenti at Powell and
Union streets. I spoke to them for a
minute and left them, as I had to buy a
demijohn for my bootblack business.
"I did not see Parenti again till between
3 and 4 o'clock in the afternoon. He came
along Broadway from the direction of the
water front and came up to my bootbiack
stand. I asked him to go into the saloon
on the corner and have a drink with me,
as I had lost two drinks, and we went in
accompanied by Cappadoni, a tinsmith,
who lives on Broadway and Sansome.
"Parenti and Cappadoni called lor steam
beer and I had a glass of wine. I drank
my wine quick, as I wanted to get back to
my stand, and left the other two in the
saloon, as it takes a little time to draw off
the beer. That is the last time I saw Pa
re nti. :>
Palo then related his movements lrom
that time up to his arrest while he was
a.-leep in bed. He laughed at the state
ment that he went to the Cliff House with
Parenti and said he could prove it was im
possible by many witnesses.
"I saw Parenti last Monday," he con
tinued, "and he was then complaining of
his troubles. He had a mortgage on his
house, 7 Vincent street, for $200 and felt
it hard to meet the interest and his dues
in the societies he was a member of be
sides supporting himself and wife and five
children." The rainy weather interfered
with nis business, which was playing in
saloons and restaurants, and he told me
he had a good mind to throw himself into
the bay.
"When I saw him Friday afternoon he
had the appearance of having been beaten
by somebody, but he did not day anything
to me about it.
"I came here from New York about a
year aeo, aud for the past nine months
had roomed in Parenti's house. I could
not get any work, and was due him $31 for
rent. Last Monday he asked me for the
money, but I told him I had to spend
almost all I had for brushes and other
things to start the bootblack business. I
told him I would pay him as soon as I
could, but he made me leave the house,
and I went to live with my partner at 1
Rowland alley."
Attorney F. A. Ros«i said yesterday
that Parenti came to him a few days ago
and asked him to tret a warrant for his
wife's arrest for battery. Parenti's nose
was badly scratched. The trouble occurred
MORITZ ROSENTHAL COMING.
Messrs. Friedlander, Gottlob & Co. announce that they have just con
cluded a contract with the celebrated pianist, Moritz Rosenthal, to give a series
of recitals at the end of January, in this City. So far Rosenthal has been the
musical sensation of New York this season. Even the few critics who do not
profess to worship at his shrine say that his technique is more perfect than
that of PaderewsKi, indeed he is generally hailed as the man who has more
command over the pianoforte than any living artist In appearance Rosenthal
looks like a prosperous man of business, and he is said to be free from the '
vagaries and eccentricities which so often accompany musical genius. He is an
example of the endurance of the prodigy, for he made his first public appear
ance at 4 years of age. When Rosenthal was 14 Liszt sent for him to Weimar
and he studied with the mester for two years. His first appearance as an adult
performer was made at St. Petersburg and he created a sensation. In 1888
Rosenthal gave over 100 recitals in America, and since then he has created a
furor in a number of European cities. At present he is 33 years of age and is
said to hare made great itrides in his art during the last few years.
over Parenti wanting to eject Palo from
the house for non-payment of his room
rent Mrs. Parenti took Palo's part and
objected to him leaving the house. Pre
vious to that visit Parenti had consulted
Attorney Rossi as to the best way to have
| Palo ejected from the house. Parenti
I said that Palo had threatened to split his
Lead open with an ax if he bothered him
for the rent, and at another time wanted
him to taice a dose of "something."
Dr. Morgan, autopsy physician at the
Morgue, made an autopsy on the body.
Tlie stomach was removed and a careful
analysis of the contents will be made. He
expressed the opinion that Parenti could
not have lived so long if he had been
given poison. Dr. Mor an went to Palo's
room to look for some of the white pow
der that Pnlo might have given Parenti,
but could find none.
In the physician's opinion death resulted
from mercurial poisoning of a very violent
character.
Parenti leaves a widow and five chil
dren, t ie oldest a hunchback daughter, 19
years < f age.
Mrs. Parenti when seen yesterday did
not ci press any wish to view the remains
of her Husband. Detective Ben Bohen was
detailed on the case.
Petective Boben and Policeman Mc-
Mahon spent yesterday in getting state
ments from witnesses, but they were un
able to find any one who saw Parenti and
Palo together after between 3 and 4
o'clock Friday afternoon, and could find
no corroboration of Parenti's statement
that he had been at the Cliff House.
They found that for some months
Parenti had been both jealous and afraid
of Palo. About two months ago Parenti
signed a deed to Michele Tanno, Pinckney
alley, conveying his property, 7 Vincent
street, in consideration of the sum of
$1900.
He told Tanno he was afraid his wife
might do away with him, and he did not
want her to get any of bis property. She
and Palo had compelled him to take some
medicine about two months ago, and he
had been taking it since. The officers do
not think that any money was paid over
by Tanno to Parenti.
Tanno told the officers that shortly after
Parenti gave him the deed he went to him
and said he was afraid of Palo and wanted
Tanno to go home with him. Tanno sug
gested that he should take his revolver,
I but Parenti declined it.
Detective Bohen had a long talk with
| Palo last night and afterward said he was
impressed with the truth of his story.
Palo will be taken to-day to the different
places he said he had visited auring Fri
day afternoon and night, with the object
of proving whether he is telling the truth.
Tne police think that Parenti's mind
had been affected by the bichloride of mer
cury he haa been taking, and, being jeai
ous of Palo, had made statements ol beinp
afraid of him without having any real
foundation lor them.
GEN. FORSYTH'S RETURN.
On Duty as Department Commander.
Colonel Shatter in Command at
the Presidio.
Brigadier-General James W. Forsyth,
U. S. A., commanding the Department of
California, has returned from a long leave
of absence. During his furlough he vis
ited New York, Boston, Chicago and Bar
Harbor. Yesterday forenoon he returned
to duty at his offices in the Ph elan build
ing, and was cordially greeted by the va
rious officers of the department staff who
called at once to pay their respects to the
commanding officer.
First Lieutenant J. Franklin Bell, Sev
enth Cavalry, and First Lieutenant J. F.
Reynolds Landis, First Cavalry, aids, are
again on duty at department headquar
ters. Mr. Bell passed most of the time dur
ing the general's absence in California on
special duty. Mr. Landis returned from
the East with General Forsyth.
Colonel William R. Shafter, First In
fantry, who relinquished the command of
the department immediately upon the ar
rival of General Forsyth, went to the Pre
sidio yesterday morning- and took com
mand of that post, relieving Lieutenant-
Colonel Edward B. Wilhston, Third
Artillery.
Among the callers at department head
quarters yesterday was Lieutenant-
Colonel Samuel B. M. Young, Fourth
Cavalry. The four troops of cavalry com
manded by Colonel Young are near
Madera. The rainy weather this week
caused a postponement of maneuvers in
the open field. The troopers will move
leisurely toward San Francisco and may
be at the Presidio as early as December 1.
• — ♦ »
WILL RESUME BUSINESS.
Having Satisfactorily Adjusted the
Claim* of Creditors a Pioneer Firm
Opens Up Again To-Morrnw.
J. Samuels, the pioneer dry-goods mer
chant, has settled his recent difficulties
with his creditors, and to-morrow resumes
business at his old stand, 104-106 108 Kear
ny street. As a result of the creditors'
sale . the stock has been entirely cleaned
out and fresh and new lines of imported
and domestic dry goods of every descrip
tion grace his shelves. The most exacting
and fastidious lady can find at hi 3 place
whatever she desires and is assured of ; the
fair and courteous treatment that always
characterized .his establishment. Mr.
Samuels will again surely enjoy the popu
larity he so well deserves.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896.
HIGH HONOR FOR
A NATIVE LAD
Captures the Hearts of the
Musical Fraternity of
Stuttgart.
PJays the Violoncello to the
Queen's Taste at a Notable
Concert.
Is But Ten Years of Age— Nephew of
the Famous Artist, Toby
Rosenthal.
Honors seldom accorded to a foreigner,
and least frequently to an American, in
Germany have been wrung from one of
the highest musical centers of Europe by
a lad of 10 years, a native of this City,
Albert E. Rosenthal, son of Marcus Rosen
thai, the well-known attorney, and
nephew of Toby Rosenthal, tne artist.
The lad from earliest childhood dis-
Master Albert E RosenthaL
played a remarkable talent for music and
was led into taking up the violoncello.
After receiving the best instruction possible
here, be was taken to Europe a little over a
year ago by his mother, who was also
accompanied by her little daughters. At
Stuttgart he was placed under the tutelage
of Professor Richard Seitz. royal court
virtuoso of the King of Wurtemberg, who
is considered one of the greatest soloists
of ' Europe. Under the instruction of this
artist he had to change his methods to
such an extent that he virtually began
his work anew.
' AN APPEAL TO WEAK MEN.
Every man in his normal condition has a certain amount of vitality. If he exhausts or uses
that up he dies. When it is partially lost he becomes weak, nervous. Thousands of men have
lost sufficient of this vital force to unfit them for business or. pleasure. Nearly nine out of ten
men are weak in this way and dosing themselves with drugs in their vain efforts to get cured.
It is useless to expect this power from drugs, as all medical men admit that vital force is Elec^
tricity, so nothing else will replace it. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is too well known to need a
detailed description. It soaks the body daily with the life of Electricity. This restores the vi-
tality lost from the system and makes manhood complete. We positively guarantee it to cure all
forms of Nervous Debility, Spermatorrhoea, Shrunken Parts, Nervousness, Forgetfulness Con-
fusion of Ideas, Languor, Dyspepsia, Lame Back, Rheumatism, Kidney and Bladder Complaint
and the many evils resulting from secret habits in youth or excesseses in maturer years- we wish
to say that the marvelous invention, f '
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT,
Is an absolutely positive cure.
An Old Californian. A San Leandro Jeweler.
trying^rfco^my Vlir^rtbut^iftS^nTS f SK^ft *??£ from yaricocele and weak-
He Jumps With Joy. A Los Angeles Capitalist.
ma tin 8 " 83 ?" § fir8t »»«« *° leave I*7*^™*s^***!^^
me ten years ago. I have doctored with the best men in this time I applied your Belt I found benefit, and nJw after nS
mmmmmm mmmmmm
„, , FLETCHER N. BURT, 515 South Main street, Los AnKeles
Weakness Entirely Cured. Cal October 3 . 1 ? 96 - * s eie3 »
"i suppose you win be giad to hear that 1«m cured of my A San Francisco Newspaper Man. •
weafene^. I;- haven't been bothered ■ by it for the past month , ""I^wasCso weak thatviico^ki not attend to my wdrk '.nri
Intr 5 Sn« ng « trei » e 'y.' weU - 1 can 't *** r^o much for you in could get relief i nowhere till I used your Bel£^A?t«^i Ji % if J
have entirely 222 ThSnKnn^ l £ el that Josses few months I have ; regained my, f ulf vi K or and;4ou g h SO^years
done me, I am, yours truly, LEaLIE CRAWFORD, Largo Cal " lyn Hotel, San Francisco. *• mook -
IT IS TH E ONLY REMEDY THAT WILL CURE
CIXFS* NEVF^hJvTnoV^v^wtt 6 / aU known medicines and other treatments have failed. The tact is that MEDI-
Si Wf-TRiriTV 5&Yh i .?,, N f EVL^ U ILL cur e these troubles, as you well know if you are a sufferer and have tried them
T L^R ICI T^-which is nerve force-is the element which was drained from : the system, and to cure IT MUST -BE- RF*
PLACED.-. -We f I " a f n tee our Patent Improved Electric Suspensory to ENLARGE SHRUNKEN OR UNDEVELOPED ORGANS*
«rin P? t t h- faithfully promise to ?.ve every buyer the crowning triumph in medico-electrical science, and l have placed t£
price within the means of every sufferer. A pocket edition of Dr. Sanden's celebrated American ; work, "Three Classes of Man »
ni"rjh^r/^ n V re TV-fii t - by . ma U;> u P° n application. Every youne, middle- or old man suffering the liStest weak
EVERYTHING ELSE H AfI^LED."^ o^ddrS AND SPEEDY T ° KEGAIN STRENGTH AND HEA^WHEN,
S^nSTIDEN" ELECTRIC CO,
SSS Market Street, Opposite Palaoe Hotel, San Franoisoo, - OaL
* ■'; Office Hours, BA.M.: to 6 ; evenings, 7:to 8 ; Sunday, 1O to 1. • ' .
Los Angelas Office. 204 South Broadway. Portland, Or., 253 Washington Street.
On October 10 of thiß year a concert was
given by the artist class of the Royal Con
servatory at Stuttgart at the Liederhalle
in honor of the oirthday of the Queen of
Wurtemberg. It was attended by nearly
600 people, all people ot nigh musical cul
ture. Among the participants was young
RosentaaJ, and of his performance the
Stuttgarter Merkur had this to say :
"Finally, we must speak of tbe appear
ance of one entirely new to the public
here, a most youthful person. We refer
to Albert Rosenthal of San Francisco,
Cal., who is but 10 years of age, and whom
Professor Richard Seitz has already
brought very far on the violoncello.
Everybody was amazed to hear Golter
mann's Concerto in G, dnr No. 4, per
formed by a mere boy, and with such skill
and power as could only be exhibited by a
born artist. His execution was truly won
derful, and especially was his performance
remarkable for fulness and purity of tone,
excellent bowing and depth ot feeling.
His playine disclosed how completely his
soul was absorbed in the music and what
extraordinary talents he possessvg. He
completely captured the audience and was
enthusiastically recalled three times."
His mother was also congratulated on
the manner in which her gifted son had
acquitted himself by all of the musical
professors, and great things were pre
dicted for the young 'cellist."
Not only has he developed remarkable
powers of interpretation, but there are
also strong indications, declared the
musical coterie of Stuttgart, that he would
reach the highest excellence as a great
composer, judging from the musical intel
ligence and imaginative power that he
has displayed.
So high has he risen above the aggrega
tion of ambitious musical ability that
usually flows toward Stuttgart that the
artist class of the Royal Conservatory
made a solitary exception in his favor in
reference to the rule prohibiting any one
under 15 years of age becoming a member
of the class. This was done to permit of
his participating in the concert men
tioned. The young prodigy will continue
his studies in Europe for some time.
These embrace not music alone, but all
that pertains to a finished education. He
is spoKen of by all who know him as a lad
of unusual brightness, and is as proficient
in German and French as in his native
language.
He is shortly to appear before the King
and Queen of Wurtemberg, when these
royal personages are to be given the oppor
tunity of witnessing the rare genius of the
San Francisco lad.
WILL BUILD AT ONCE.
The New Hall of Justice to Be Con
structed Kegardless of Party
Walls.
The Municipal Buildings Committee of
the Board of Supervisors decided yester
day to co ahead with the construction of
the new municipal building without first
tearing down the party walls that sup
port buildings adjacent to the City prop
erty and which encroach on tbe lot.
The contractor who took the job of
clearing away the old hall was present,
and stated that he was willing to go ahead
and tear down the walls if the board so
desired. It was agreed that the building
should proceed, and if any obstruction
is reached it will be removed to give the
City its rights.
Marine Hospital Surgeon- General.
Dr. John M. Godfrey of the United States
Marine Hospital has received a letter stating
that Dr. Wyman, the surpeon -general of tbe
Marine Hospital service, will visit this City on
a tour of inspection in the latter part of this
month. Dr. Wyman left Washincton several
days ago to attend the Pan-American Medlc&l
Association convention In the City ol Mexico.
From ibere, after the convention Adjourns, he
will visit the San Diego Marine Hospital, the
only one of tne kind south of San Francisco.
After looking into the service there he will
proceed to this City.
It is claimed that Lake Erie produces
more fish to the square mile than any
body of water in the world.
NEW TO-DAY.
MURDOCH'S SCALP
NOW DEMANDED
The Grand Jury Says the
Chief Janitor Should
Be Removed.
City Hall Corridors, Closets and
Offices Were Found in
Bad Condition.
Two Subordinates Who Keep Saloons
Also Recommended for Imme
diate Removal-
The Grand Jury has asked the Board of
Supervisors for the official scalp of Head
Janitor Murdock of the City Hall and has
assigned pointed reasons for its request.
This action is the result of a recent
special session of the jury, when Mr.
Murdock and his twenty-eight subordi
nates were called before the inquisition
and subjected to a line of searching ques
tions touching their hours of work and
"other matters."
The other matters were the qualifica
tions of the head janitor and the amount
of attention he pays to the duties of his
position.
The expression on Mr. Murdock's face
when he emerged from the jury-room was
evidence that his ordeal was not a pleasantn t
one.
The jury was palpably of the opinion
that he was not doing the position jus
tice, and their suspicion! were undoubt
edly confirmed, as shown by the follow
ing commuuication that was filed with
the Supervisors yesterday:
Gentlemen: The Grand Jury for the City and
County ol San Francisco desires to call your
particular attention to the disagreeable con
dition of the corridors, stairways, closets and
some of the offices of tno City Hall. There is
no reason why, under proper supervision, this
building should not be kept clean. We have
held a special investigation and have taken the
sworn testimony of the head* janitor and his
subordinates, from which we nave arrived at
tbe following conclusions:
That Mr. Murdock, the head janitor, Is not
the proper person for the position, either
through inattention to his duties or through
the lack of appreciation as to what those duties
are; we also find that he is engaged in a
grocery and bar business; and also that twoof
the subordinates, James Taylor and J. Hoey,
are engaged in the saloon business, and we do
not think that having other business they can
properly fulfill the duties required of them;
and we would, therefore, recommend to your
honorable body that those gentlemen be" im
mediately discharged and competent and prac
tical men given the position.
In making these recommendations we do not
wish to reflect oa Mr. Murdock's Integrity or
honor. He has simply failed to enforce such
discipline as would accomplish the desired
end. By order of the Grand Jury,
Frederick Hobbs, Foreman.
As the janitors whose heads are de
manded were appointed by the present
Republican Board of Supervisors and will
undoubtedly be removed by (he incoming
Democratic board when it gets possession,
it is not likely that the Grand Jury's
recommendation will be acted on, par
ticularly as Mr. Murdock is a relative of
Supervisor King.
As the old board intends to make a
tight against the Supervisors-elect taking
their seats, any and all removals will prob
ably be deferred until the courts have
uiken a hand in the matter.
CITYOFfIfPARISr
BLACK DRESS~CK)ODS!
SPECIAL VALUES FOR THIS WEEK!
36 pieces ALL-WOOL IMPORTED FANCY 00 EH
SUITINGS, worth $5, Full suit OJbOU
28 pieces FANCY LIZARD and BOURETTB 07 ft ft
SUITINGS, worth $8 75. Full suit 0 1 ■U U
42 pieces MOHAIR AND WOOL GRANITE
- AND JACQUARD NOVELTIES, worth ij Afj rft
$14. Full suit 0 I UiOU
15 pieces NOVELTY PIEROLA CLOTH, in ft I A ftp
raised effects, worth $15. Full suit ..... 01 Zi/D
27 pieces 51-inch ALL-WOOL STORM jj Cft
SERGE, worth 90c ...... . . . . . . OJU Per Yard
;,>klD GHL.O"V-IES ! -r=i
Broken lot— l-cf asp Castor, 2-clasp Kid, worth $1.25. __. -* .
Tocio^eoutat - ■■■■-..-■ - - -600 a Pair
SE HATIIjA ESFAJJOIj.
G. VERDIER & CO., >
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VILLE IDE 3 PARIS.
- BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
"ON THE BENCHES
IN THE PARK"
You will see some of the swell dressers of the city wearing our
Novelties in .
JACKETS, CAPES;
.AJSTO SUITS!
We use the Finest Materials, give , you First-class Workman-
ship, THE VERY NEWEST EFFECTS, and at prices within
the reach of all. Pay us a visit and we will save you some money.
JLoewenthal 's
Cloak and Suit Jrouaej
914 MARKET STREET.
THE HERALD of ! THE
CHRISTMASTIDI W EEK,LY = .
Annual-- Y^XIl T
3 fj °{ It Publishes the Cream of the
frfi PI $fM ifc&J! °S News of the Week and
ifi> fjj |D^,R?uCKa7'' ©< MANY attractive AND
• —^fP^S fl^nffe °) ORIGINAL FEATURES. >
W&sm&JP ftfmwfeßu 3IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY !
l—4^VdLl llli (J£/U V 3 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
LjAJ\lUjyiJv °S PAPER ON THE
I y*y// *— — f 'vTI) • IDC PACIFIC COAST J
'■■"-^•■iJKff-'t^jlft 3 Always Republican, but Always
f^^^iS'iK 3 Fair and Impartial in Its
/p^^^^rV^ \ 3 Rendering of the Po-
y£sW^'^^Elffi °{ Ws the Pa per to Send East if
• iffS^vw A You Wan * t0 4 dvertise
fjyil£2s??B m D The Best \ /Mining
' $&££*&& m 3 Telegraphic V News That
y~* *I 1 j 2 Service on /N. Is Accurate
f((\^ 1 I^Te'C^] 3 a^ ne °^
eIH I 3^^ **^l^ °1 or Faky, and Not a Line of
P-vf^fS W fnh Jl*!!!! $$& ' 5 A PAPER FOR ™ E COIJNTRY FIRESIDE. ' '^
718 IVT AiltgBTST. cJ Bright, Clean, A Champion of
M Thoughtful. Truth. ..
DON'T MISS IT I ©< ■ ' ■ I ■■ ■
EVERYBODY WELCOME. J . .-■■• • '
GRAND DOLL FETE 3 A California newspaper
The Attraction of the Season. J ALL THE TIME.
The Attraction of the Season, oc
NOTE.-Santa Clau.' Letter Bo* ready to O< JT ADVOCATES SENT BY - ft
receive LETTKRS FROM ALL HIS LITTLE 1 HOME MAIL, $1.50
FRIHNDS. and to ALL GOOD CHILDREN who i ©< INDUSTRIES A YEAR. -, -
write to him he will send his Special Publica- I '_
tion, "Princess Sweetpe&s aud Gottlieb The DC
"£l3 BROTKBRS . °< THE CALL SPEAKS FOR Ait
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON Ml&ttff< V TONS Pfl CHY,
__ Y-V ; — — ■ Msl!RifflVßmSKFiaL Successor to DX. LAI
>m T f 1 GRILL »£0»&! fcSsS£\. Pu TAI> senate o t
Ihe GRILL P^^i §> «£?^ as
X 1* t^*^ ■ ■' ]f/> : ? - ceBsfDl practice of
I »-V » V^,*!** «£S|F many years in China,
irftfiUlCiJ DflflH/I /.sSnJw nas lo »ted In San
f\l II 1 1 VI I' 7 //// KH Francisco. The sur-
fXD TTTR N/iw* V//A^y .. ■ i*// prising aud marvelous
..'-■'.-. yjr * ***- ■- - 'wiSfclf 2/ Cures effected by his
TV A v A—<l I tT/\»m iff ' 'aKSStt-'/T--'' herbs demonstrate
PAT ACK : UYI IHI • W?®\/\\ ' their Pounce and his
L T\ 1 f t\S_f " ' "XX V«/ 1 HI — \J&i^^-}L '"ill. .. These - herbs
-• •4£s®^ \s4ft&L_' cure over 400 different
•Direct Entrance from Market St. Y^^^^ iriVh"'*^^
OFKN PNTIX« MIDNIGHT. vr^S^^C' "betes, Consumption,
.. . ; — — — — : — - — r~ — r~~ ', ~^ _ , • ■», ■ •'■ Asthma, Paralysis,
QTRflNfi __.... # Brain, Nerve, Cancers. Tumors, Blood, Male 'and
QTRflNfi APAIN * Maladies All persons afflicted with any
. X) I nUnil nufilil kind of malady whatsover are iiiv 10 call. ■
New Life, New Strength, New Vigor. Office. 737 Washington Street. :
THE AMPHRODMC! -*«^ ";-'""-
From PROFESSOR DR. RICOKD of Paris is the ' ■ rX® U ' tor^'^S^SSjF ■
only remedy for restoring strength under guaraa- : Jk E9ToOlt£b^| Gleet, SpennatorrhreTfF
tee. »nd wlil bring back your lost powers an 1 stop J&£3fin 1 to s <Uy«.^£]s Whites, unnatural dial
forever tbe dangerous drams >on your system. S '-M ' i Gn*r»at(«d ■ charges, or any inflamma-
They act quickly, create a heal thy digestion, pure, ; ■•»■ not to Btrieinre.  tlon, irritation or ulcera-
rlch" blood, firm muscles, rugged strength, steady g^ Pit»enta eonttfion. tion of mucous ■ mem-
nerves . and clear - brain. Imported direct from THEEVANS CHEUICAtCo. cranes. - Noa-astrfngent.'
Paris. Price per box, directions inclosed, 52 50. lrg» riNriNMin n ■BH Sold br n« .i.«r
For sale by ail respectable druggists. Mali orders «^ INC ™ ! '° "BlPpoi ■ sVr Tt if *» l aarsiatc '
from any person shall receive prompt attention. JsSi&V ua- A - h, ™'" lain w r | '5 i
Agents for Pacific Coast, WALLER BliOS., "^^fes^SS Mooor 3 hott'lT^ 7%
83 Grant Afenw, San JTranciaco. 1 £&£ lent" '-*■*.BEATING HIS WAY
ROUND THE GLOBE
" Little Joe Davis, Traveler
and Philosopher,
•'. . Arrives.
A Typical Jersey City Gamin
Who Never Pays Rail
road Fare.
Eats Three Meais a Day and Pays His
• Room Rent— Roch in a PuT
man Car.
Joe Davis, traveler and philosopher,
• is in town again after an absence of two
years, and is doing business at his old
stand, which is anywhere that he can find
a pair of boots to b:ack.
This young; nomad — he is but 14 years
old, and exceedingly small for his age — is
Joe Davis, a Fourteen-Year-Old
Traveler Who Never Pays a
Cent of Fare.
probably the most interesting characte
whoever rode a brakebeam or beat his way
in a Pullman car.
Twice has he journeyed across the con
tinent without paying a cent of fare, and
he is now on a tour of all the States of the
Union, after which he will take a journey
*round the world — "if 1 don't croak,"
cays the urchin, "aud I guess that's ail
right."
Joe is atypical New York gamin, though
he claims Jersey City as his home port, and
"what he doesn't know about ways and
means of gaining possession of the elusive
nickel is not in the lore of the street arab.
." "No trouble to make a livin' wid me
box and nerve, 1 ' Joe says, as his sharp,
shrewd eyes glance about among the feet
of a crowd on the street corner for a pair
•of boots that need cleaning. Odd jobs of
any kind that do not overtax his strength
are in Joe's line, and as his only dissipa
tion is an occasional cigarette he makes
hi 3 way anywhere and manages to get
three meals a day.
Cleared of its wealth of New York slang,
■whicn makes it almost unintelligible to
those not familiar with the jargon of the
waifs of the pavement, Joe's story is about
as foiiowe:
"My mother died abont five months aeo,
and not liking the climate of Jersey very
well 1 concluded to go to Caliiornia, hav
ing been out here before two ypara ago,
and always been treated white. So one
da}^ I goes down to the railroad yards and
starts on a brakebeam. Say, that's a hard
graft, hanging on, and your throat and
nose and eyes full of dust.
"I gets put off at more than one place,
but that don't stop me, and I finally gets
to Chicago and stops a time picking ui> a
J lew dimes. Then I starts again, this time
on a freight, and gets to Ogden, and there
J strikes a snap.
"Told a man what I was making for,
and he lets me get under his seat in the
sleeper. When 1 gets hungry I punches
his lex and he gives me something to eat.
Tbej caugit on to me at Truckee and I
hud to skip, but I made another jump to
Sacramento on a beam and gets down here
easy.
"Say, this is a great- place to live. I bad
an undershirt when I gets here, but it was
too hot and I takes it off. Don't need it.
I'll keep it until I strikes a cold country.
I made money enoueh on my way out to
pay for my room ;or two weeks "and get
tneal tickets, and I'm all right, you bet.
Hard to beat the trains? Nit. I can go
anywhere where they run and not give up
any dough to tne 'corps' either.
"Another kid starts witn me, but he gets
horae>ick and goes back from Chicago. I
ain't got no home and I'm going to see
'the world. Say, where does the China
bteamers land? Has a kid got a show to
get on without being 'copped?' "
BIDING A PORPOISE.
Great Fun (or Two Hardy Boys Living
on the Shores of New York Bay.
"Two boys, each about 8 or 10 years old,
* living on the shores of New York Bay, the
sons of fishermen, started one day," the
•narratorjsaid, "down to the beach to look
on at the hauling of a seine. Crossing a
stretch of salt meaJow. on the way to the
Beach the boys heard a sound like heavy
breathing in the tali grass. Hunting for
1 the source of it, they found a young por
poise, four or five feet long, that had been
• left stranded by the receding tide. .
" "Near by there was a drain, leading
down to the beach. ; A drain is a depres
sion like the bed of a brook in the mud
and sand of the meadow. The rising tide
comes up the drain as in a channel and
spreads thence over the -adjacent ground.
The current, running witn receding
•tide down the drain, often scoops out <n
tbe beach, in front of the grass line, a
pear-shaped pocket, with- a. little bar in
the middle of the broad end toward the
ocean. At low tide this bar "may be dry,
lor nearly so, while the .pocket within is
(V^i. . At high tide there may be on the
m •■• water enough to float a big fish.; The
Tmtyoise the boys found 'had come over
• a bar, crossed the pocket «nd gone up the
drain and off into the grass at hiph tide,
There was water enough lor; him : then,
but be got caught" in the grass when the
tide went down and ; so > was left there.
Where the porpoise was when the; boys
found him there was about two laches of
water, stretching all around on the levee,
among the roots of the grass. It was deep
enough to keep the porpoise moist, but
that was about all.
"The boys set about launching him,
pulling him througli the tall grass to the
drain. There might have been six or
eight incties of water in the drain, not
nearly enough to float the porj'Oise, but
eiiouea to make it a great deal easier to
move him, and in the drain the boys got
him along without very much effort down
to the pocket on the beach. There was
water enough lor him there and the min
ute the porpoise struck it he started off on
his own account, but he couldn't get out.
"The pocket was perhaps thirty feet long
and twenty feet wide in the widest part,
with water enough in the greater part of
it for the porpoise to swim in. As he
swam around in the pocket, the boys
thought it would be a good thing to try
riding him, and they did. The porpoise
was wet and slippery now, and riding him
was like riding a greased p. jr. One boy
wouid hold him the best he could, while
the other mounted him. Then, as likely
as noi the porpoise would dart forward
suddenly beiore the boy on his back had
got a good hold and slide out from under
him and leave him sittin-r in the water.
Then the bays would head him off" and
get him j artiy asdore, where they could
handle him better and try again. They
took turns at riding him. Sometimes
they would co four or five ieet on him and
then roll off or slide off or be shaken off
into the water; sometimes they would get
across the pocket on niru,anJ two or three
limes, when the porpoise went that way,
they managed to hold ou and ride the
whole length of the pocket on him.
"All this was great fun for the boys, but
pretty rough on the porpoise, but the por
} oise's tu-Ti came finally. "When tnera
was water enough on the bar the boys let
him go and away he went out to sea
again." — New York Sun.
Haggis
Some writers have said that the deriva
tion of the word is traceable. to haut gout,
signifying a highly flavored dish. "Hudi
bras" has:
As French cooks nsa
Their ham-gouts, bouilltts. or ragouts:
or, as the line is said to have stood origi
nally :
T heir ham-gusts, buollles, or razusts.
ran 11., 1 698.
But a haggis contains minced meats,
and* the derivation of the word is more
likely to be that civen by John Hill
Burton, no mean authority on such a mr>
je<n. Writing of some French words, and
some words of French origin, which crept
into common use in many parts of Scot
land, such as gigot, ashes., etc, he alludes
to Burns' song on the haggis as a national
dish, and adds: "Yet tnere can be no
question that this potent pudding ia the
lineal descendant of the French hachis."
Jamieson's explanation is as follows:
"Dr. Johnson derives haggess from ha;r
or hack. The last ia certainly the proper
oritnn; if we may hedge from the Sw.
term used in the same sense, hack-polsa,
q. minced porridge. Haggies retains the
iorm of the S. v. ha?. In Gael it is taeais,
as tuere is no h in that language: Arm.
hacheis, Fr. hacuis." — Notes and Queries.
A COWBOY KING.
Bill Kensington, the Bough Rider and
v rack Shot, on the Flush Times
at Jacksong Hole.
"Bill" Kensington, the cowboy king of
Jacksons Hole, the queer little valley in
the mountains of Northern Wyoming of
which Captain Bruneville wrote, and
which has been a winter resort for hunt
ers, traders and trappers since the earliest
times, is in the City.
Kensington was one of the men who
distinguished themselves in the cowboy
war of a few years ago. He is a type of
the border character, and although he
do* not carry an arsenal with him in the
metropolis, he nevertheless wear? the garb
of the frontier, and his hair and mustache
are Jong and picturesque.
He came down by way of the Nonbern
Pacific and Oregon. Tne early argonauts
to Oregon and Washington used to camp
and vt their horses and cattle at Jack
sons Holp. and Kensington, who is a na
tive of Wyoming, wanted to see some
of them. Two or three of them, who are
his relatives, reside near Roseburg.
He says tnat since the war among the
cattlemen in Wyoming, the cattle and
sheep interests had advanced rapidly.
"I have never seen so many cattle and
sheep as now exist in the northern part of
Bill Kensington, the King; of
Jacksons Hole,
the new State," he said yesterday. "The
best of it is, too, that be«f is commanding
a much better price than formerly, a price
that makes it very profitable to the grow
ers. It is the same way in the sheep in
dustry. Mutton is steadily going up, and
wool is advancing in a way to make the
sheepmen feel as though they had some
right to live. Every industry in that re
mote part of the country is beginning to
thrive. It is expect d that settlers will
begin coming in again, and that we will
go along prosperously."
Mr. Kensington has mined for cold and
silver, and been a freighter aa well as a
cowboy. He is a ready shot, one of the
most unerring In aim among the Wyo
ming cowboys. He has never been in San
Francisco before, nor in any city pre
viously that is larger than Helena, Mont.
He will visit Los Angeles before his re
turn.
The "Printers' Bible" is so calied be
cause it contains a curious typographical
error in the one hundred and sixty-first
verse of psalm cxix. which is made to
read, "Printers have persecuted me with
out a cause," instead of "princes."
Gentjixe plum pudding made from Califor
nia giace Iruiu lowasend'i. *
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22. 1896.
TO TRADE IN
RIVER PRODUCTS
A Little Enterprise Which
Will Be Launched on
Thanksgiving.
No Sunday Work Will Be
Allowed on the Sloop by
Its Owners.
All the Colored Ministers to Be In
vited to the Christening— Melons,
Potatoes and Rubber.
There will be an interesting ceremony
on Thanksgiving day at Oakland Creek,
when a sloop will be christened with
appropriate ceremonies.
The christening ceremony will mark
the launching of a private enterprise by
J. A. Uackett, a colored man, who
J. A- HACKETT.
formerly worked with J. W. Girvin & Co.,
in the rubber-goods business, and has
latterly been in the same business for
himself. He, with two friends, have con
ceived the idea of embarking in the
trading and general freight business up
the Sacramento and Ban Joaquin rivers.
They endeavored to buy a suitable vessel,
ana, failing, determined to have one
built.
The sloop, the name of which will be
announced on Thursday, is 46 feet long
and 15-4 beam. It is provided with a
cabin and can be bandied by two men,
with help to load and unload.
"We will deal in potatoes in the winter
'and melons in the summer, with all other
kinds of river products," said Mr.
Hackett yesterday. "We expect to find
plenty of trade, and will carry everything
trtn passengers.
"One feature of our enterprise will be
hunting parties. Sunday? No, sir. We
don't intend to do any Sunday work. 1
'am manager and won't allow it. Of
course, if parties hire our boat on Satur
day and reach their destination on the
same night they can do what they please,
But I am determined to have no Sunday
work."
The ceremony on Thursday will consist
of a flag presentation, invocation, songs
and a little speech making.
It will be particularly dignified by the
j presence of colored ministers, invitations
I having been sent to the following clergy
men: Rev. H. J. Callis, Zion Charon;
Rev. M. Duncan, Baptist ciurch; Rev.
Mr. Anderson, A. M. E. church; Rev.
Mr. Edwards, A. M. E. church of Oak
land; Rev. Mr. Allen, Baptist church.
Oakland.
Tne master of the little sloop will be
Charles Chambers.
ROBERT DOWE'S QUEER IDEA.
He Left £50 for the Benefit of Men
About to Die.
Less than a decade is wanting to com
plete three centuries since Robert Dowe,
citizen and merchant tailor, by deed of
gift conveyed to the parish of St.
Sepulchre the sum of £50. The object of
the gift was peculiar, and may best be un
derstood from the words of the deed itself,
which recites that the money was given
"On condition that the said parish
forever, with the. approbation of the Lord
Mayor and . Bishop of London, here
after at every sessions holden for the
prisoners in f Newgate, not exceeding
twelve sessions in the year, shall about
the hour of 10 of the clock in the quiet of
the night next before every execution
done appoint one to so unto Newgate, there
to stand 'as near the window as he can
where the condemned prisoners do lye in
the dungeon, with a handbell given to the
parishioners by the said Mr. Dowe; and
shall there give twelve solemn towles with
double strokes, and then deliver with a
loud . and audible voice, with t. is lace
toward the prison window, to the end the
poor condemned persons ~ may c give good
ear. to a rather long exhortation, which,
at a later date, seems to •■ have ; been versi
fied as follows: *
All ye that In the condemned hold do He , , ,
. Prepare ye for to-morrow ye snail die. . <
Watch, all, and pray, the hour Is drawing near
That ye before the Almighty must appear.
Examine well yourselves. In time repent . . "
, 1 Lai ynu may not to eternal flames be sent;
And when ttt. Sepulcher's bell to-morrow tollt
The Lord above nave mercy on your souls.
. , Past 18 o'clock
As the criminals passed by the church
on their way to Tyburn a further admoni
tion was addressed to them ana a curious
custom prevailed of presenting each un
happy wretch with a nosegay.
A further condition of Lowe's gilt was
that the greatest bell was always to
"towle" as a passing bell on the occasion
of an execution until 10 A. si. or the Sher
iffs officers returned from the execution.
The vestry of St. Sepulchre, though some
what economical, took good care of their
bells, for after the great fire of
1666 we find that all the broken
bell metal was ordered recast iuto
"three sound and tuneable bells,'
which were to be of rqual weight with
the quantity of metal delivered. The
other three bells belonging to the church
apparently escaped injury from the fire,
for on the 16th of March, 1668. the vestry
ordered a frame to be made "to hang the
six bells in the steeple."
Thi- tablet recording Dowe's request is
still in existence, but the injunctions are
no longer regarded, the charity commis
sioners having taken possession oi the
funds, which are now applied for the bene
fit of the Discharged Prisoners' Aid So
ciety. The great beil of St. Sepulchre has
not been tolled on the occasion of an exe
cution since August, 1890, when Manteau,
a Belgian, was hanged for the murder of a
fellow-countryman.
Mints for Stamp Collector*.
The following are some of the varieties
of tricks practiced by unscrupulous per
sons:
1. Ordinary perforated stamps with ex
ceptionally wide margins have their per
forations trimmed off, and such stamps
are offered as rare unperforated stamps.
2. Ordinary perforated stamps with wide
margins are re perforated with the rare
perforations. Tins is frequently done by
an ordinary hand punch.
3. Where stamps are printed in the
same color with slight changes in letter
ing the rare varieties are made by piecing,
r or instance, the 1-franc French empire is
made by taking the 80 centimes, dark car
mine, witli the bottom label from the 1
franc of the republic
4. Bicolored stamps with the center re
versed, vhich are extremely rare, are
made by cutting out the center and re
versing it on another copy of the same
stamp. For instance, the 1869 United
States 15 cent, 24 cent and 90 cent have
been made by this process.
5. By chemical means the color is
changed. For instance, the 10r. blue of
Brazil is changed into the lOr. black.
6. Stamps which have been canceled by
pen and ink have their cancellation marks
removed by chemical means, and these
stamps are men s-old as unused.
7. Counterfeit cancellations are fre
quently made on genuine stamps which
have been surcharged "reprint" or "speci
men."
8. Counterfeit surcharges are extremely
common. They can be made on an ordi
nary printing press.
9. False water-marks are sometimes
made by printing the stamps with wood
ens, using a certain kind of oil, or they
are made by pressing the design of the
water-mark on t>>e stamp and then re
moving a portion of the paper by rubbine
with pumice-stone.
10. Very rare stamps of which a portion
has disappeared have had these portions
added.— Harper's Round Table.
: XTKW . TO-DAY.
Nips
in the Bud.
Influenza or Orippy Colds are
quite epidemic and need to be "nipped in
the bud." Treating a Gold in time saves
a lot of trouble, as three-quarters ' of all
our sickness comes from taking cold—
don't take cold, take Seventy-seven; a
few doses will prevent and its continued
use .will "break up" a cold that' "hangs
on." That means escape from Catarrh,
Bronchitis, Pneumonia, all Lung, Chest
and Head troubles, A good deal, you say,
for a quarter, but it is true of **77»»; the
best goods are done up in small parcels, a
vial of **77»» just: fits: your vest-pocket;
bandy, to carry, always ready for use.
Every one hag a kind word for Seventy-,
seven, ; Dr. Humphreys' precious cure for
Cold?,' Grippe, Influenza, Catarrh, Coughs,
Sore Throat. . ■':;'. , . ■ /: ,_ .'.
- ' Dr. Humphreys' ■ Homeopathic • Manual of Dis-
eases at your , rucgut's or Mailed Free. \.
■" Fold 'by druggists, or - sent on receipt of 25
cents, -or live for «1. Humphreys' Mod. Co..
Cox. WIUUm and John street*, .New Yoi*. .
NEW TO-DAT.
i nsWtTjte
LOCATED AT THE COMER OF POWELL, MARKET AID EDDY STREETS,
ENTRANCE 3 EDDY STREET.
$5 Rate For All Diseases!
This is a new Medical Institute that is designed to fill a long felt want or necessity in the
City of San Francisco. It is Intended as a place where the sick of all classes and conditions,
rich and poor alike, who are sufferers frorri diseases of any description can receive
the benefit of medical advice of the very highest order at a moderate cost. The
physician-in-chief. Dr. W. Kingston Vance, is peculiarly well qualified to direct the affairs of
the Institute and successfully treat all patients. He is assisted by a staff of equally skilled and
learned doctors, who are highly proficient in all branches of the healing art. Both medical
and electrical treatment are administered, and all the most modern scientific methods known
to the medical world are utilized for the cure of diseases. If you are sick and ailing in any
manner come and be cured, for there is no disease or malady that is not positively incurable
that will not yield as if by magic to the superior and highly scientific aid that Is given to ail
patients by the State tlectro-Medical Institute.
IDFL. "W". KLIIIXrGirJSTOnxr VAKTOB
IS FROM LONDON, ENGLAND. He comes here especially to take the position of physician-
in-chief of the State Electro-Medical Institute. His diplomas, from the most famous
European colleges, and the certificates which he has received from the medical boards of the
different States of our own country, are positive proof of his ability as a physician and his
absolute knowledge of medicine and surgery. To the sick and afflicted he offers his profes-
sional services at the unprecedented low rate of $5 for all diseases.
FIFP.TRiniTY The State Electro-Medical Institute Is supplied with every modern appliance for
fc> ™! l . l T l . i. administering electric treatment, and such treatment will be given in connection
with proper medicines when deemed advisable by the doctors in charge of the Institute.
:■..:.,"■ Pf FCTPIC RPI m FROM $2 UP. Guaranteed to Be Equal
. ...... CLCtIKIV DEL, 1 to the Best Belts in the narket
Free X-Ray Examinations-
The Institute has the largest and best X-Ray apparatus on the coast, and scientific medi-
cal examinations will be made for all absolutely free of charge where it-is deemed beneficial.
DISEASES OF WOMEN P eaut V and good health in women are inseparable. Mere regularity of
uiukmikv vi iiuiiit.li. feature does not constitute beauty. It must be accompanied by a clear
complexion, rosy cheeks, sparkling eyes and glossy hair, and these are all lacking in women
who are afflicted with diseases peculiar to their sex. Special and particular attention is given
by the State Electro-Medical Institute to the treatment of all kinds of diseases of women Every
modern idea and the latest and most scientific methods known to the medical world are
employed in the treatment of ailments of this. character, and as a result women who place
themselves under, the care of the doctors of the Institute speedily regain perfect health. All
women suffering from womb orovarian troubles, painful menstruation, leucorrhoea, dyspepsia
constipation, headaches, spinal weakness, .diseases of the gen i to- urinary organs should, if
they desire to be cured, consult the doctors of the State Electro-Medical Institute.
HEART BRAIN A^D NERVES The heart is the grand vital organ of the human system, and the
nLrtni, Dnrtin IUU nLnita. most dangerous to life when disordered or diseased. The mos- com-
mon symptoms of diseases of the heart, brain and nerves are palpitation, flushes of heat and
cold, pain in region of heart, dizziness of the head, pallor of the lips and- face, cold feet, swell-
ing of hands or feet, puff i ness of face or eyes, sleeplessness, a tired, irritable, discontented
feeling, fear.of impending danger and death, gloom, and despondency. If you have any of
these symptoms the warning alarm is sounded. You can be cured by the doctors at the Institute.
Rl flfin niSFASFS If y° ur blood is diseased or tainted with poison you can never feel well nor be
ulujj usu-nui.u. well until the disease is cured. Contagious blood poison is the most baneful
and loathsome of all blood diseases. Eruptions of the skin, sores, ulcers, eczema, etc., are all
evidences of the existence of blood disease, and as any kind of blood disease makes rapid
headway when once started no time should be lost by those afflicted with disorders of this kind
in consulting the doctors of the State Electro-Medica:! Institute. All kinds and forms of skin
and blood diseases absolutely cured in a very short time. . ,r ,;
RHEUMATISM This disease . is treated with unsurpassed skill and success at the State Electro-
nnLUmniiom. Medical Institute. Both medical and electrical treatments are given in conjunc-
tion with each other, as in all other diseases, and the medicines are so well- selected and the
electricity so properly and scientifically applied that every form of rheumatism, whether
acute, chronic, inflammatory, sciatic or muscular, is positively and permanently cured.
nHfARRH There is no disease that develops more repulsive and even disgusting and danger-
mum. ous features than does catarrh. It is usually caused by repeated colds that produce
a highly inflamed condition of the nasal passages, resulting in copious discharges of mucous
matter. If not checked the inflammation extends to the bronchial tubes, the discharges be-
coming absorbed into the lungs and also taken into the stomach. Their poisonous nature
quickly causes contamination of these organs,- resulting in either consumption, catarrh or
cancer of the stomach. The symptoms of the disease are too common and well known to re-
quire enumeration. If you, are afflicted, with catarrh go at once to the State Electro-
Medical Institute. The oldest and worst cases quickly and permanently cured
DISEASES OF THE KIDMEYSAHD URINARY OBBANS.
gravel, stone and Inflammation of the bladder. The maladies which result from diseased
kidneys, bladder and urinary organs are numerous ar\d serious, and If not cured usually prove
fatal. The State Electro-Medical Institute is supplied with all the late invented apparatus for
testing the urine, and microscopic examinations are made by Dr. W. Kingston Vance with an
accuracy which never fails to detect the real disease with which the kidneys are afflicted.
STOMACH LIVER AND BOWELS. With adiseasedstomach orliver health is incompatible. The two
OlumHUn, LiiLn-nnu. uuiillo^ conditions cannot exist in the same body at the same time The
State Electro-Medical Institute is fully equipped with all the latest achievements in medicine,
surgery and electricity to f promptly and permanently cure all diseases of the stomach, liver
and bowels. ; • ;' / /
DISEASES OF MEN Mar ?' v P owe perfect physical and mental strength and vigor are the natural
UIOLttOLtJ Ui mm. attributes of a perfectly healthy man. It is a distressing tact that a large per-
centage of the men of this country 4 have so drawn upon and impaired theirvital forces thatthev
are lltile better than wrecks, both mentaliy and physically. This condition is due.to unnatural
losses and.to a reckless disregard of nature's laws. Any man who is in this deplorable condition
should without delay consult the doctors of the State Electro-Medical Institute. They will start
him on the right road.and under their care and treatment the worst victim of nervous debility
and exhausted vitality will soon regain perfect health, strength and manly vigor. All diseases
of a private nature promptly and permanently cured. -. , : _ . °,
STATE ELECTRO=HEDICAL INSTITUTE,
- "3- Eddy Street, San Francisco.
■"•^r . . ■/ fc * ccij : well l. i i uiiuiolfUi
910
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BT7PTNESS OFFICE of the San Francisco CAUr
-710 Market street, open until 19 o'clock every
Bight In tin* year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
•crnerClay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
BSP Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street* op*»
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
J^r^Flß^ST^'H^'lu^H^f'^HinST.'scTr^
&-£? tist—^ervlce.s at II a.m. in Beethoven Hall,
.536 Post --I . cor. Powell. Chriiilan Science Bible
Lessons: subject, -Instruction in the < Way of
Unders andinn." Sunday-school for chi.dn-n at
the same hour, "-science and Health" study
I hursnay at 8 p. it. in Mystic Hall, 320 Post su
All are welcome. __i_
(r^S» FIR-T ONGR-KGATIONAL CHURCH,
i*-^ SK. cor. Post and Mason sts.— Rev. George
C Adams, D.D., pastor, will preach morning
and eve:. Morning service at 11 o'clock:
th.me: "Lixht to the Soul." Evening service
at 7:30 o'clock: the c: "The Closed Door." Sun-
day-school at 12:45 P. M. Young People's Society
of Christian Endeavor at 6:0 p.m. NVednesJay
evening prayer-rm-eting at 7: 0. Samuel D.
May«r. ori:anl>land musica. director.
•rrss= THIRD CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
S^y Fifteenth St.. near Mission-Rev. William
Rader, pastor, services at 11 a. m subject:
"The Value of a son." Services at 7:30 P. M.
Grand praise ervlce by the chorus choir of 32
voices und. direction of William ■. Stadtfeid.
The cantata "RebeKah," by Bar by, consisting of
thirteen musical numbers, will be rendered. The
solo parts by prominent singers, as follows:
Kebekan, Mrs ' usie ien Mark; Isa c, H. G.
Hanley: Eliezer, W. Y. NVoou. -By Babylon's
Wave," by Gounod, will ilso be given by tie choir.
Address b. the pastor. All corula'.ly luv'ted.
R3S= CALVARY PRESBYTERIANCHURCH.
m*& corner of Geary and Powell sts.— Rev. John
Hemphill, All., pas or. Services a. 11 a M.
and 7:i>o p. m. Topic, p. m.: -What Is conver-
sion?' Than ssiviug services in t is church,
Thursday, Nov mber 26. Rev. Dr. Adam-s past r
of the First Congregational Church, wil preach the
sermon. Music a. m.: " c Deum" (in E flat),
Baumbach offer ory. -'I Heard t..e Voice of Jesus
Say," William Reed. Music p. M.: "Jublla c
De"o"(ln Bflat), Sciiubert-B..ck: offeitory: -Come
Unto Me," v oe.neu-Rees. All are cordially mvi cd.
BC3S= FIRST M-.W JERUSALEM CHURCH
Bf ; -^ (Swedenborgiaff). arrell street, between
Webster and Fill more. Rev. D. V. towen, pas-
tor, services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p.m. Subject
for this morning: "The Miracle at the Pool of
Betbe*dt." Evt-uine subject: --science and Re-
ligion," the latter being the sec >nd • f a course of
lectures. e;tts free at both services ana all are
cordially invited to at tend, babba.-h-.-chuo. 10 a. m.
BP^SF» THK SECOND INITAKIAN CHURCH,
Eb-^ 1 cor. Twentieth and Capp s s.— A. J. ells,
pastor. Morning sen. on at 11 a. m : subject;
••The Uunamable Secret of hxstence.' At
7:45 P. M. . lec'.ure on '-The Curse cf Sec armntsm."
Dr. l.uuz.g bib c class at 7p. m sun day- school
at9:4o a. m. The "Living Posers," n trid*y
evening, November 27. at Mission Music Hall.
Unity Club meets Tuesday nigh., in chur. h rooms.
EKS?* FIRST BAPTIST CHI RCH. EDDY ST.,
w~^ near Jones— Rev. M. P. Boynton. pas-
tor. Services t-unday, November 23, 1896. Preach-
ing by the pastor at 11 a. m.. subject "'The Coming
Kingdom,' and at 7:30 p. m., topic "MiKhiy
Minorities." Baptism at tbe evening service.
t>und»y- school 12:3.) M.; Y. P. S. of C. K.
at 6:bO p M. Prayer meeting Wednesday even-
ing, 8 o'clock. Cnr.siiaa culture class Friday
evening, 8 o'clock. 1 hanksgivins service on
Tbuislay morning at l":i>0. Pastor will give an
address on -'The Fullne s of Years " special
muse All these services are open to the public
Strangers are espec ally welcome.
Ptrs= FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH,
B :^ r Twelfth su, b-t. Howard and Mission-
Pastor, Frauk For I; musical director, -Mrs.
Mia Jacobs. Preaching murnlng and evening
by the pas:or. 11 a. m., subject: "Christian
i-ymbo ism." 7:45 p. m.. subj-c. : "Tne Good
Ttdiugs." Sunday-school 9:30 A. M.; Y. P. *.
C. X., 6:30 P.M. N. B.— he evening service is
evangelistic. Interesting sermon, bright, popular
songs; social in the itcture-room at close of
preaching service. seats free. Al, we. com-.
fr;^- CHRISTIAN r.NDE VOR FAN X, 1818
a^B' Union 5;. Dedication exerci-es at 3 p M
Addresses by Rev. W. B. Beriy and o.her > uris-
tian Kndeavor workers. At 7:30 p. si. there will
be preaching by Key. W. a. Gardner; sermon
topic: "A .Reasonable Re l^ion.'- 1 evivul ser-
vices will be held Iv the fane every ni^ht during
the ci.mini: week. Preaching by Key. W. a.
Gardner, formerly State evangelist uf the Christian
Church.
ItZS* FRIENDS' MEET NU. LECTURE-
H>~- room of Y. M. C. A.. 11 o'clock a. 11. All
friendly .disposed persons cordia.ly invited. No
collection.
m^S' MORMON S. RVICE-.AT9O9.MARK! T
w^ l^ su, at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. M Elder E. H.
Nye from ogden. and president of the Mlss:o:i, will I
discourse, Subject: -Scientific .evidences sup- |
porting the Book of Mormon." Friends of tne
cause « ili welcome their new presidenu All are
mvi No collection.
jtr^r* THE TH OsOPHICAL SOCIETY
*-*■ Free public lectures ever.' Sund iy at BP.
M., Portol Hall, Native sons' building, 414 Mason
st. Subject to- ight, "scie tlflc Corroboralions of
Theosoptiy," by >. Marques of Honolulu.
Ep3§=" AN EVANGELIST OF IHE CATHOLIC
• s -*' Apostolic Church will lecture In Odd Fel-
lows' Halt Sunday, 8 p. m., on "Our Lord's
Second Coming,' 1 Admission free. All are invited.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
i^^^~REvT~DKT^;y robbTns~~lectu
ES^»' at 8 o'clock to-night at Washington Hall,
36 Eddy st.: subject, "Cremation and Its Benefi-
cial Effects 10 Humanity." The sick liealed;
written questions answered; mediums developed;
convincing tests given; Ins rumental music and
violin selections by Frank Woodward. Circle
tickets and admission free.
••£^3= AT 997 MARKET ST.; FIRST PRO-
•*-=' gresslve Spiritual Church. 11 a. m.— Test
developing circle. 2 p. m.— Tests, Mr. Hansen,
Mrs. Dunham, Henderson 7:30 p m.— Tests,
psychometric readings, Dr. C. A. Burgess, Mrs.
Harland, Henderson, McKee. Entertainment and
dance. Thurs .ay 'thanksgiving, Nov. 26, at 8
p. m. Admission 10c.
fK3F~A I 1 DR. ri n- AL MEETING",
&-*»" 9 9 Market st., circles and platform tests:
II a.m.. R. A. Stitt; 2 p.m., Mr. Hanson. Mr.
Hargrave: 8, Mme-t. Dunham. Kotler. Henderson.
Dr. C. A. Burgess. Dr. St Cla:r, the noted astro. o-
ger. Doctor's office. 1236 Market sU, 10 to 7.
k5§F «AN FRA ■CI CO THKOSOPHICAL
fk-J* Society— Free public lecture every Sunday
eveninc at Academy of Sciences Hal,. 819 Market
St., Bp. M. To-nl.ht, "The Fundamental Law of
theUnl9e«e. :i by Dr. W. W. Ga.nbli-,
rt^> EDWARD EARLK'S GRAND SLATE-
sV-C writing seance to-night at, Scottish Hall,
Larkin »U "Manifestations in full gaslieht." Go
hear this wonderful psychic, seeing is believing.
Reserved seats 25c: balcony, 10c
■F35- OAKLAND CHIC L SOCIETY
IK^5 r meets at Fraternal Hall, Wasblmton st.. at
2:3J and 7:bO: business meeting 01 society at 2:.O:
at7:3oMme. Montague will lecture and answer
written ques ions- «
it^jc, SMALL SOUVENIRS GIVEN AWAY
s*--* s^ to-night, Friendship Hall, 3.6 McAllister
sU : sealed tetters read; name and ousiness tests
by MRS. C. J. ME YE : and others: ___
ft^» TO-NIGHT, 111 LAi.KIN ST.. KATE
»-*' Heussmann's grand convincing tests: come.
Singing by Mrs. Austin. Sittings «L 813 Jessie
su Circle Fr-day «-veniDg; 25c.
ITS' MRS. EGGERT AITKEN WILL GIVE
&-*' one of her interesting seances to-night-
-25c; sittings daily. 820 -McAlll-,ter st.
rf^= MATERIALIZING SEANCE TO-
t*^ night, 50c; sittings daily. MRS. FULTON.
31 Fe 1 st. . • --. - '
Xg 5 Tr ST MKtTINGS, 2AND 8 P. M., 10c.
o—? 335 McAllister si. ; Stitt, Clemens. Skeptics
lnvlteJ. . '.
_rjf MRS. HENDKE ROGERS, . GRAND
test circle to-night: sittings dully. 109 Oak.
9tT^ MRS. FAVRE AND PROK. MINGOi
■V-^ tes meeting to-nlghu 1133 Mission st., 10c.
ft^ 1 CIRCLE TO-NIGHT. 8 o'cLoCKT2ScT
l*-*^ Mrs, ..iayo Steers, 112% Oak. Readings *1.
VtTJf MMX. HAHN, SPIRITUAL TEST MK-
tfc-^ dlnm, sittings,' 1 to 6 p. m. 1705 Market sU
KO'fit'Ji o* »ii.jsxiA'tis>.
IPS' GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 30, «T"
»-»■ F. and A. Officers and members A
are requos ed to meet at the Temple ill IS »f jf
(SUNDAY) 'AFTERNOON. November 22, r^^
at 1:30 o'clock, to conduct the funeral of our late
brother, PKTER M. CAMPBELL of Plantation
Lodge No. 581, Glasgow, Scotland. ■■
.-■■■'■ ■ - GK.O. J. HOBK, Sec.
Op&> SAINT ANDREW'S DAY , CT~3
S^S r celebration — The th rty-iourih 3V. Ji.T'j
annual banquet and ball of the >aint wV Y^c
Andrew's society will be held at the
Palace Ho el on MONDAY EVKNING, N<,v--m-
-b- 30. Installation of officers at 7p. m.; ba.ouet
7:30 P U. ANDRE vV NVILKIE. President
' W. _ COOK. Secietary.
•K^» MASO IC HALL ASSOCIATION -
*^-» Stoo.i holders' meeting.. .. o.ice is hereby
given that •. the annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Masonic Hail At-socla lon of
the City of San . Francisco, - for the elec-
tion of nine trustees and a treasurer, will be
held in the Maaoi.ic 'lemple. in the city of .Kan
Francisco, on il •> DAY, the day of 1 Decem-
ber, 1896. Polls wilt be open from 12 M. until 3
P. m. » GKo. JoHNSON, Secretary.
C^S= JR. O. U. A. M-, UON— MKM-
B^-*' bers and their families are rtqjesied to at-
lend ThanksKivlng serv ces to be held in the First
Christian church, Twe.ft.i m., near Howard, :on
Sunday evening, November 29. itev. Dr. lord,
the paitor. will deliver the address. Special mu-
sic has been provided. By order ' ,
' , - COMMITTEE.
kJf.fc.Ci.AL , NuiiC^,
KS» <; *-" tIXTUKKS MADE Tv ORDr.H;
*-»" ' cheapest place In s the . city. ' H. - HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden i.ate aye. ,-,-./
_-_r" ''"'AM . i-.JKCTKI> ri'H «4
•s»»* r rollrction^ mud«, ci-v or country. Pacifls
■■ toll.-, -ion co 415 :.lon ■- v.. rof,-r. 6. T•' tSSJ
. FKOFKSSIONAL t'AKDS.
TOHN K. i.ICHARD-i, LA WiTffICKs. RoJjS
O ' *it> and- 27, Crocker . butlUllijt; ■■ Kitunouo Main
76, ban Francisco. Cal. ' %- , - I*"'.1 *"'.
UH.V R. AiTKKN AND MA L. ASHER."
ally a h. law, tma 516, a 16. &iii Hoor/Parrou Did*.
SITUATIONS \\ A.STEU-JEMALE.
GERM EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 306 MA-
son st , furnishes best help of nil nationalities.
\^OUN« WIDOW OF PLEASING APPEAR
ance would like a position as housekeeper; no
objections to the country. Address Widow, box
75, Call Office. .
RE F tNKD YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A
place in prlvato fa mil v where she can male
herseK useful in return for a pleasant home; m Ist
be trailed xs one of .he family. Address Lady,
box i: 5. Call Office. ' .
p IPvi., 15 YEARS OF AGE. WI-HI s a SITU-
'I ai m in a nic^ family to assist in housework.
PI a-f. inquire, either (Sunday or Monday, 1001 a
Dolorf% St., corner of Twenty-third.
■V r OI'NGGIRL, 15 YEARS, LARGE FOR HER
X a_... would tike a place baker/ or notion-
s ore of any kind. Address 3100 Lacuna st.
R~KS-.i > ECTAiiTE~MIDI»LE-ACJKD GERMAN
Xt la jy wishes position as wrrking housekeeper.
Addrfas 808 Sixteenth si- Oak and.
Wl 1 V a TRJN WA.MED BY NOVA sCOTIA
0 r: 'ues nt girl In American family; good Look;
can ; ee reference. 830 G ary st ...i %:
VOtXG WOMAN DESIRES PLACE 1 0 AS-
-1 blst with lizn work a. d do dressmaking: un-
derstands all cutting, fitting, draping and design-
ii.g; *3 per week. Call Monday at 612 Larkin st.
XP fill NCKD MANGLK-GIRIi WOULD
like position in laundry. Address 18 Eddy,
r«oru 7
REsPECTAiiLE AM RICA WOM \ N
J livH'i.a second work In private family: is a «ood
chambermaid and waitress: hs the very ■ est of
r fere-ices. A duress M. S.. box 24. < all ffice.
LI ( 1 HOU WO it KIN U B I'KKS ' F OAK-
land by young woman: wish, s one evening a
week itfter 4p.M; $8 10 $10. Addresi 0., box 88,
1 a. O'lice. ,
COMPETENT WOMAN WISH -.S A PLACE
as first class cook in a private family Or first-
class boarding house. Address D. V. 91 Ninth su
pEHMAN LADY WISH 1. S POSITION .AS
vJTwt.riiing housekeeper or pain sewing aud re-
pairing. I£, G., box 76, Cal office.
KR.MAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION AS
s^corKl gi 1; wages $25 per mouth references."
Cal 003 Leavenworth su •
V A LADY OF REFINEMENT, A POSITION
at seamstress in private -family or companion
to inva id lady. Call at 2-'32'Post st, Monday,
Tuesday, Wednesday, U-U 10 A. m. and 3 pm.
/COMPETENT GERMA.N xt sk DESIRES
\J si Button for infant or. small children: full
car,-; speaks French; sea us. rest: references.
Add. Nurse, 4 Martha place, off >jeary and Jluson.
CAPABLE ELDERLY WOMAN, GOOD COOK,
\J housekeeper, seamstress, wishes situation im-
mediately Add. M RS. W., box 133, Cal office.
\\! ANTi.D-A SITUA 1 lON As 11OUSEKKEP-
• ' er by a thorough, systematic American
woman; can manage any position where a woman
of wor. h is wanted; Is a Prot«-staiit and above mid-
dle age; re fere Call at 204 Tune m.
\\r aatkd— by A young WOMAN, WORK
" by the day in a first-cm ss cafe or b kery. Ad-
dress Girl, box 135, Ca.l Office.
EXPKitI N ( iT]3 NURSE WISHES i"Sl-
iton; firtt-ciass invalid nurse: good references.
Apply at 163 Ninth su
Cl/MTCH WOMAN WANTS SITUATION;
O city or country: good coo>c :.nd laundress or
housework; ref rences. Call or address, Monday,
933 i-b Foisom SU -
p ou.G Woman desir.-s place To AS-
X sist wit 1 li: ht work .nd d-> dressma ing: un-
derstands all cutting, n'ttln , drapii.g and design*
jut:; $ week. 1 all Mo. .day, 612 La«-..1n st
\\ OMAN WOU'.D iIKE HOM . NY.TH OLD
11 peop c in exchange for services; no objec ions
to country. Call at once, 6.3 Miuio.i .st., room 7.
Ojia.N' wants w iKK BY .he day
an<l washing at home. Apply M., 546 Vii
Natoma si . vi stairs; rear.
OUNG COLORED WOMAN FROM THE
South wou.d lUe a situation as cook or in a
doctor's office; first-c ass references. Address D.
D., box 164. call c-fHce.
LADY WANTS WoRK BY THE DAY WASH
or use- lean. Please call at 9 Bitch sur-
DRKSSMAKER; FIRST- CIASS DRAPER
and designer; thorough dressmaker; by the
a .. y. Mlsa W A tvVV ICK, 104 Grove su
YOUNG LADY WISntS A POSITION IN
X store or bakery. Address 1.. box »8, Call.
pIRL NVISiiES A POSITION To WORK v\ 111!
VJ dressmaker. Address D., box 98, call Oincd.
RE>h.MAKr.h NVIsHEa NVOrtK BY THE
uay in families, or work taken home: terms
SI per day; or would work with dressmaker. Ad-
dre s 6a.> Harrison st , off Third.
PEFIN*.I> YOUNG PcKSON HAVING HER
Xli own home desires light work par. of day. Ad-
uresi A. 8.. box Bj. Call Office.
QTRONG GERMAN W'OAiAN NVANTS OFFICE
O or house cleaning by the uay or half da.- ; $1 50
per day. JiivS. li. a., 37 Zoe su, beu Bryant and
Braunan.
COLORtD GIRL .WISHES DaY'S WoRK;
house - cleaning, window - washing, chamber-
work, i. L., box lv, call office.
ESPECIABLE JKID».RL.Y OMAN WANTS
position to do iieht hou.ework; is willing and
obliging. Apply 123t> Broadway.
U1" A.M'KD-WOKK BY THE DAY OR WEEK
'» with a nice family or cleaning offices. 155
Minna st.
I/IKST-CLASS COOK ANTS A SITUATION
X in pr vale .amily. Address Cook, b x 114, CalL
. EKMAN WO .AN NVI->HES WORK BY
Vj the day washing, ironing or housecienning.
Address 602 Howard sU
ANTJ-.D-BY FiRST-CLASS DRESSMAK-
i-r a few more enci>g?inenis by the day-
terms ■■ 1 50. Address P. M.. 43 Elgin Park.
Y~OUNG LADY, UNDESIAN^ING SEWING,
X wants w<ir» wl;h dressmakers; moderate pay.
DA VI?. 1004 Laikin st.
L*IRSa-CLAS- (SEAMSTRESS, WILLING TO
£ do any kind of wor< from 8:30 a.m. 10 5 p.
Address W., box 94, this office.
poTIPETENT~TRUSTNVORTHY WOMAN
\J withes to do wasbini;. . ironing, cooking or
bousecieaning by the da. ; best references. .uRS.
CIRTIS 3367 i wenty-slx.h at. near .Mission.
IRL *v AN To 1 UATIoN TO Do COOKING
and laundry work. Apply 307 Ivy aye.
LTNi- URNISHj-D FRONT ROOM, IST FLOOR;
' ba.-wluuow room, Ist floor; part payment In
dressmaking. 48 oak st. '
RKSSMA KkR NVA NTS TO GO OUT BY THE
U d yor lake work home. Address or call 232
bhipi y st. .-■■'; •
XPr.RIENCED ENGLISH NURSE WISi.ES
entire c.-re of infant or young child; Pro.es-
tant: go d references: no employment office need
apply. E. -N. ■ b»x 24, call office.
RESPECTABLE' WIDOW WIIH LITTLE
girl wishes position in widower's family -an
housekeeper or would like to get acquainted with
good man to start a restaurant or boarding-house;
no triflera need apply. 1719 Oak st., Alameda.
IDDLE-AGED WoMAN NVANTS 81TUA-
tion as first-class cook In small boteL board-
ing-: ouse or private tamll-, or general housework;
reference*: city or country. Address M. a., box
49, Call Office.
pOIORED WOMAN WOULD LIKK TO GO
V out today work of any kind, or will take wash,
ing at home. Address 1■• 1/2 More/ alley, between
Stockton and Powell and Broadway and Vallejo.
G COMPETENT NEAT YOUNG GERMAN GIRL
VJ wishes a situation for housework: good cook;
wages $20; Oakland . r Berkeley; references. Ap-
ply 630 inch St., Oakland.
VOUNii COLORED WOMAN WISHES A
X, situation to do general housework and cooking
or as nurse. Address 17 Priest St., i/ff Washington,
near Jones. • • . •
SEFUL. COMPANION: REFINED YOUNG
lady; will assist with housework in small adult
family: salary nominal: references. Address X.
L., box 92, Call Office.
AMERICAN ""WIDOW WISHES A POSITION
j*a in widower's family as housekeeper; city or
country. MRS. M., 906 Washington st., room 3,
Oakland.
ADY WISHES POSITION AS WORKING
housekeeper or plain sewing and repairing.
Apply 82i Minsion St.. R om 8, after 11 a. 11.
GERMAN GIRL WANTS TO DO GKNERAL
housework: prefers small family. 628 Fu. ton.
EltM N GIRL WISHES SITUATION FOR
X light housework. 718 Fulton st. -,
EsPKCTABL-i WOMAN" WOULD LIKE PO-
' sitlun as working housekeeper; is good cook, -
and foua 01 children. ddress H. H. , box 67, Call.
THOROUGH MILLINER (VIENNA, AUS-
tr a) wishes situation. Address H. 8.. box 131
Call Office.
IDOW WOULD LIKK A POSITION AS
working- housekeepeer In small . family or
widower' home. »66Va Market st., room 18.
LOR BEST HKLP OF ALL NATIONALITIES
£ caH or address Scandinavian Employment Of-
fice, 107 O'Farrell su ; ' ■
m EI,L-KXfK«IENCKD W MAN WISHES
''a position as .i nurse or housekeeper; Is a good
seamstress first-class references. M. W., 21 Van
Ness aye. .< . . :.-. -.. .; -. ■ ; ■
\ r OUNG LADY WOULD LIKE SITUATION
X as iiousekeener: city or country. Apply 117
Eddy st. room $1.
. : FRKNCH GIRLS, FiRST-CLA S COOK AND
— necon 1 girl, thoroughly competenu Address
SO9 O'Farrell su : 3 years' reference.
. V\ INC l:E-> . KR HOUBK 44 THIRD ST.. N*R.
'» Market; 200 rooms: 25c 10 $1 60 per night:
tl 60 to sB per week; convenient, and respectable.
live bus ana bargage to and from the lerrv.
lullAiiuJs • it .A.N ir-Li- aiAX.IS.
HU N T X R '^T~c7j7~ChTn>^ K^A^lT'^ATAr
nese employment, office. 17 Webb su. below
hurny, nr. Cal.; teL main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgt
CH I N S AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V^ office: best help. 414 '■'Farrell. Tel B 426.
pHINK- & JAPANESE: KSI'D. 20 YEARS;
Whelp;tcl.mal.i 1997. BRADLEY <tCO- 6*o Clay.
-:1 APANKSE IN : AGj-.NC V. cL 73.
Osu Anil's b!dg., 6 t-ddv au: u».. Main i MM. .; ..-•;
\S AN A X i> W i rE WISH >"LAI'E TOGETHER!
i'A . wife Is a good cook; man understands garden-
ing, car* or horse* and cows; city or country. > . Ad-
diess J. V . 91 Ninth st :" '
L IRST-pLASS COOK • NVISHES.BITUATION
I 1 n snip bound for Europe. Apply : at 100M>
Jackson gu. LANVRESOE KOPaYTI> H. '
: C l » V•* Tl! iN - WANT..D~BY A MKCHAMC,
,O capab c ot doingmosiail repairs for a buildlne:
will .do moat . anything; reference. ■ ii., box • 84,
Call Office. .... ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896.
_PITT7 A TlOyS - WANTED-ronMn-mH.
SITUATION AS BELL-BOY OR ELEVATOR-
-0 boy in store or hotel; references. Address W.
C, 30 Turk ' ■ . . . : ■ ;
' ANTED — STEADY WORK BY YOUNG
man (German) 10 wash dishes, assist In cook-
ing, housework or other work:- city or country.
Please address 11. MILLER, 631 Sacramento sU,
room 85.
OT. ADY ■ MAN WANTS SITUATION AS
k> coachman and garden, r: 7 years' cltv refer-
ence-, city or country. Address C. C. box 47, Call.
r ANTKD— YOUNG MAN (GERMAN)
'» with si me expeiienre. place to wait at table;
small wages Pleahe ad.lr.-s H. F., box 101, ' all.
, l OKKEKPi-.R AND C • SIIIKR, FIRST-
• - class, with city references, wishes a situation.
Addr v S M. A., box 9s. Call Office.
lir ANTED— A POSITION IN WHOLESALE
• » house by Industilous youcg man; willing 10
start from the bottom hi I wors v ; best of refer-
ences from last employer; will give any one $50
in goid coin for steady place. Address D. C, box
118, all Office. .
EASTERN MAN, WILLING TO WORK FOR
small wages, desires situation in private family:
understands driving a^d care of horses. Address
Coachman, box 40. Call Oince.
YOUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION; ANY
1 kind work; small wa^s. Address S. , box 114,
Call Office. " , . .
/"IARPJSNTifi NVANTKT> TO TAKE SHOP
V, 1 a .d livinu-rooms: long job, or contra, t for lot
of stair* Job cor. M;i k. ..nd Gu -rieru .
JAPANESE SCHOOLBOY WANTS A PLACIi:
0 speaks English weil. GEORGE, 22 i'ronpect
1 lace.
SITUATION wanted by ALL-AROUND
butcher: city or conn. ry: good references.
Apply J., box 12. Call Office.
l» ANTED— SOMETHING TO DO; SALARY
.''not so much an object as being employed.
Addr ss M., box 9-J, Call Office. ;
$1 Xi\ A MILL BENCHHAND WILL
tjpx . U\J. work for $1 60 a day: usea to rd-
wood work, bank, store and office work: wi.. do as
much as the next man; understands detail; have
wife and child to support: must have work. Ad-
dre^s J., box 46, Call Office.
YOUNG MAN. AMERICAN, WISHES POSI-
x non where there is no Sunday work; best of
hub is a d California reierencea. C. M box 93.
Call Office.
VI AN AND WIFE (EASTERN PEOPLE).
■I private place: man understands care horses,
< att c ana grounds: wife competent coot aud
housekeeper or second work. Address A. 8., box
S9. Ca 1. •
L IRST-CL JOINER NVA TS SITUATION
. > in gentleman's house a* janitor and to take care
of woodwork and' furniture A. F. FRANK, I. 15
O'Farrell su
171KKNCHMAN, GOOD GARDENER, WANTS
I- situation; understand to drive and take care of
horses Address R. H.. 231 Montgomery aye.,
city.
WORK OF ANY KIND ANTED BY AN
• ' Eastern man In whole Hleor retail house. Ad-
dress WM. TAMS, 1059 V2 Howard St
\r OUNG MAN ABLE AND WILLING WANTS
1 work any kind. Address Reliable, box 81, Call
Office.
p 1 RMAN, GOOD GARDENER. CAN MiLK,
VJ driv. etc.. wishes private place: good refer-
ences. 315 Stockton st.
OOK WISHKS SITUATION In THE COUN-
try; and. rs ands baking bread, pies, etc. 1301
Santa I lara aye., Alameda.-
INMATE OF GOOD Tr PLARS' HOME FOR
Orphans, boy 14 years of age, recent graduate
from grammar school, having obtained free tui-
tion to He Id's 1 uslness olle c, wishes place to
work morning and evening for his board and
••lotbes while attending school. Address matron,
G. T. Home, Vallej  CaL
v EAT and RKLI ABLE JAPANESE S.-.EKS
-Li poiltl'in doing some work every morning, after-
noon or nighu E EM, 709 Geary st.
STEADY YOUNG MAN WISHKS POSITION
of an kind; can keep books and correspond in-
Spanish and English; city reference. S. Y. M.,
box 44. cull Office.
V A married couple (HERMAN) on A
ranch or vineyard; 1 . years' experience; first-
class recommendation; wages reasonable. Farmer,
box 20. Call Offi.-e.
"YfAN NUR.?K, IN. USTRIOUS AND WILL-
I'X ing, wants to care for a private patient or In-
valid; long experience. Audi Nurse, box 3,
Call Office, Oakland.
ANTE. --BY young .MA« ofc.oodhab-
»» Its and abilities, care of a place: good refer-
ences. Address A. J. P. ELDRIDGk, Sonoma
County. Cal.
QITCATIONBY YOUNG MAN: SPEAKS
0 man ; graduate. Address Y. X., box 64, Call
Office. -
\v ANTED— SITUATION AS CU'ITKR; LATE-
" ly from the 1 ast; 12 years' experience: also
practical tailor; reference*. T., box 75. Call.
MA ATTENDANT WISHES TO WAIT
i'l upon mental or inva id gentleman; best ref-
erences. G. W., 628 Eddy sU. San Francisco.
H'ENSED ENGINEER DESIRES SlTUA-
tlon: c tner city or country. Address P.O.
box 2432, San Francisco, Ca'.
-"Vr OUNG SINGLE MAN (GERMAN).
X strictly sober, wants work on private place or
any oilier kind of work: Is good driver: can give
bonds as to honesty. Address WILLIAM R., box
94. this office.
\\- IACHKSTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD. NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights In very room: 20 J
rooms: to $1 50 : per nlch- : SI 60 to $3 per
f ...» :,..» hm ;-...« y- X ... -o .. ;n >n | frnrn | ho u-tv
1 t.UALc lij,».i' »>AMtI).
p USSIE^ID 'A AND MINNIE BLATZ, PLEASE
" X call or send your address to C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 110 Geary st.
f\ ERMAN OR SWEDISH GENERAL HOUSE-
VJ work girls, $20; 10 youn • girls, lieht house-
work, $10. $15; woman, make herself ' usetul.
country hotel, $'.'0: v. aitres , assist sewing, $15.
C. R. HANSEL & CO., 110 Geary su
V OUNG FRENCH GIRL t OR SECOND WORK
J. and waning, city, $15: waitress and seam-
stress, priva c famil v, »20. MURRAY* READY.
Leading Emp oyment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay.
I ADY ABOUT 25 YEARS CIF AGE TO AT-
J■> tend counter »nd mue herself useful, small
country. $20 and found: waitresses, country and
city hote.s. 411.R8AV4 READY, l*adlng tm-
ployment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
ICE GERMAN GIRL, J. Wlsll FAMILY,
Xi references required. (20; same house, nurse-
girl, $10. German Employment office, 306 Mason.
WOMAN, ABOUT 30, IO COoK FOR 16 MEN;
»» $25: cal -Monday early. German • Employ-
mont office, 306 Mason bu . .
4 GIRL'S FOR HOUSEWORK; $15. GERMAN
Employment office, 306 Mason »l
W ANTED-IMMMJIAT LV; LADIEs TOGO
'» to Mr*, need's for artistic hair-dressing and
manicuring; 25c upward. 14 Grant aye.
\kf A x TED- AN APPRKNTIC FOR DRESS-
»» making; good sewer. 424 Post su
WANTi-D— WAiThE-iS AT FAMOUS REB-
taurant, 1507 Market st.
V OUNG PROTKbT ANT GIRL TO ASSIST IN
X housework In exchange for home. 2708 Harri-
son st. -.-•
SC..OOLTEACHEKS (COUNTRY) DESIRING
remunerative employment; odd hours or all
time. R. W. McOAUVIE, 6d6 Mission sU
V\ ANTED— A WOMAN, MlD(#Lfc.-AGED. AS
'» tiouseKeeper for widower with 2 children.
Address W. NY., box 41, > all office.
ANTED — GlR.> FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
work. 2606 Sacramento si
KsPKCTABLE young *»irl for light
housework; plain cooking; 2 in family. 2112
Devisadero at. ." ,
GIRL;. COOK AND LAUNDRESS; WAOKS
$20; references. Cal Monday morning 134
South Brodenck, iff Baker and Halghl
rpHK IMPROVED MCDOWELL GARMENT-
X drafting machine Is the most wonderful in-
vention 01 the nineteenth cen.ury for dress-cut-
ting: square*, crooked sticks, cardboard charts
ana harness caunot compare with tuts machine
for s.yllsh, graceful and perfect fitting dresses . In
getting a s stem, why not set the b st? The Mc-
Dowell hud no equtl at the World's i-alr. i.nd the
only system receiving a gold medal at the Mid-
winter Fair As lor sewing-school, we have the
best 00 the coast; leaching cull ng, filling, mak-
ing and finishing: c. sy payments ; unlimited jes-
sous. Special induietut-ms to those who enter
next week. Perfect fitting patterns cut to order
'.5c Our skirt patterns are ihe best. The Mc-
Dowell Dress-cuuiug'and 'Dressmaking School
63a Market st., o p. Paluco Hotel. '
WAS I ED— PUPILS FOR PRACTICAL Ml£
»» il.iery school; : every lady her own milliner;
ladies prepared tor the business.* Removed from
410 Leavenworth su to liy^ Geary, room 46.
'IIAILOKESSK- ITO WORK |U.N CUSTOM
X coa s. 3.<2^ Clementina st.
TVTIGUT SCHOOL .. oW OPKN. . FLYNN'S
XI -cutting and Making School, 14McAl.lster
I 1 EARN ! RK>S<JCTI 1 G AND FITII\G-
j skirt patterns. 2 ->c WELL'S. 636 Market
AIKDi. KSSING. MANICURING LEsSONS :
reasonable Miss Doyie,2l2 Powell; 105 Nlnih
i>Osi-.DA».E HOUSE. 321 l-.LLiS. NR. TA»-
IX lor— loo furnished rooms: 25c nlt;ht: $1 week.
li.DRKftSING, -2.be AN.- 36c: AFiEl*.-
noon classes; 10 lessons. $1 60. 1248 Mission.
W' AN MEN ND WOMEN To UAKS
barber , trade: . only 8 weeks required: toJu
given and catalogue beau - to. X —*tttvt benoou
1615 Howard »v : •
\t OoTcoN VKNIKNT AND RKoPKCTABLK
JX Winchester House, 44 Third -t.. near Mar»«t
•-0J rooms;:; 25c 10 $1 50 per night; $1 60 10 «j
1 .-i »wk;' ln« Pin 1. 11. 1 i argi« -e naml Irom terry.
- -»».\,.. ' Li.l.l' vi A.> 11.U,
/> ERM"AN r B AK ERrS2TT6 $30 XvtTfoun'dT
VX second, $35; .waiter for camp, $25: cabinet-
makei; shoe,, akers; wire-nail m»cnine operators
$2 60 day: : farmer , and wife. $30; ■ 2 farmers,
honoiua county, (16: boy for store, $3 week; tle-
uiaki-rs. MURRAY ;<fc-RK.ADY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 an ■ 633 Clay st. ;>-.
* ) ■ WAITERS, $25 AND ROOM. CALL TO-DAY
— -.0 to 2. MARTIN S. 749 .\.arkeu
a carpenters call TO-DAY. 10 10 12"
■i MA .TIN* . 7 9 Mark-t . ■■'
I)AS. RY . t0i1.., COUNT I. V, $45: Bi{ >iLKR
$50: thef,s76. HOTEL GA2..JTE,4*-0 Kearny/
M..N WITH SMALL CAPITAL; AGENCY
' business :?neu* plan; $26 weekly guaranteed.
245 -11 me St., room 12. ■ : ■
ARPIiNTER with CAPITAL as PARTNER
\J in established business. E. 8., box 3, Call. ■
- BEtP WA>'TED-rnntlnn«il.
C LIVE CANVASSERS TO HANDLE THE
«» best-selling article In the city on 100 per cent
commission, U. S. Industrial Agency, room 165,
Crocker building. "-- 'v .. ' .
OFFiCE-BOY TO TKND NEW HOLSK. AP-
ply to-day 779 Clayton St.. n»-ar Halglit. ,
GOOD PANTSMAKE :. THOS. E. KENT, 697
Mission st.. second floor. " '-
OY, OVKlTl8: WINE AND LIQ.U*R STORE.
:■*■* S., box 63, Call Otlice. •
All-round printer: STEADY work;
low wages; pood pay. Printer, box 62. Call. ■
CHIPPING CLERK AND PACKER OF EX-
-0 perience. H. >. CO., box 117, ttils office.'
CEAMKN— COMPLETE COURSE .IN NaVT-
► J cation; only f 15. Pacific Nautical Academy,
215 Saugomesu, room 11.
\\- AITEK NY -NiED IMMEDIATELY. PIO-
T^ neer Restaurant. 433 Ha es st.
G OOK FOR COUNTRY HOTEL; uKRMAN;
$40. . Apply 509 Kearny St., room 8.
IV A D— M i- N AND WOMEN JO WORK
** for. us day or evening at their homes; nice
pleasant work: no • canvassing ; ■• experience not
ne- essary; we pay salary; Inclose stamp for par.
liculars. tstnudard Mg. Co, 142 West . Twenty.
third si., New Yorlt •.
L IU- -CLASS 2-CHAIR BARBEK-BHOP FOR
x sale: good location. ■ Call at this office.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made 10 order: »2 60. 959 Uowaid. nr. Sinn.
LOR FULL AND • 1 LEAN 10c •! I- A L OB
-I- coffee and cak. a 5c co to 13% Grant aye.
pEDDLERS WANTED. 335 FELL STREET.
IV AMtii.iucuj.i.tn' W AUKS DUX LA BOH
'' »r-«fccl»>rk-v K.V. Collection A«cv. Mil su-mr
"\\ '•' N'l ED— lOOO MEN DUBLIN LOTUS BAR-
'» ber-8hop; shave, 6c; haircut, )oc. 207 Fourth.
ECRUITS WANTED FOR THE UNITKD
x\> tales Marine Corps. United states Navy:
able-bodied unmarried men, between the aces or 21
and 30 years, who are citizens of the United -tates,
or those who have legal. y d clared their intention
to become citizens: must be of good character and
habits and able 10 speak, read and write English,
and between 5 fe t 6 incne* and 6 feet in heigbu
For further Information apply at the Kecruiuu £
Office. 20 Kills su. San Francisco, cal.
OOMS P\P»-KEI>, *2 60: WHITENED, $1;
stains or blemish rnnoveo; paint! gby day
or con: nut; decor.itive wo. at lowest figure*.
1200 Webs'.erst., telepho eSteiner23s. .
CHOICEST I. INNER ,6 COURSES, WINE OR
coffee: icecream: 15c. CLII FORD. 206 Kills.
M> -*'-> H ALr-»ULIAb, 6«C.; LADIr..->, 40c :
done while yon wsiu &>8 Market, opp. Palace
Hoi el: branch 767 Marltot. opp. Will & Finck's.S.K-
HO HUL'-h, Bc3J^ MARKET ST.— RoOMS
20c, 25c to 60c night; $1 to $2 wee*.
|.-u.tti.tlv| i llUl ;.cM,K I.NIoX EMPLOY
1 ■ mem sfcrei'.r-.-. to.VR.AD 'IROKLL. 657 C a/
ARBKK-FoR EMPL(*YMKNT CALL SKC
P. C. Barbers' Assn. s. FUCHS. 325 Grant
JOURNEYMEN BAR ERS' k.i-1 PLO » MAT
secretary. H. BKKNARD. 102 -eventh su
ll' ANTrD-LABORKRS AND MKCHaNICS
"to know that Ed RoUln, l.eno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su: 150
large rooms; 25c per nignt; $> 10 $3 , er week.
AM, D— AN IDC.A: WHO CAN THINK OF
. "' some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WfcDDERBURN' i Ca. Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys. \\ asblneton. D. C, for their $IaOJ prtta
uffer and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
TVT. NY WALuO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BUT.
XI Hd and 4th — S ngl>* furnished rooms, night 160
to 50c week $1 to 82 60. reading- room; strictest at-
tention morning calls; clean; quiet; open all nignt.
\\r ANTED— SOO MEN TO-DAY TO EAT BKS C
»' 6c and 10c meals. ' Id I-.conomy, 410 Kearny.
l^K-T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
l> 25 cents per night: $1, $1 -5, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House. commercial and ; eld. sdorff sts.
1 rwi MEN TO TAKK LODGING AT 10c, 150
J \r\J and -20c a ulgnu including coffee and roils.
t24 Washington st. . near am ■ .
It' ANTED-81NGLK ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
»» week; room* for 2, 25c a day. $1 60 a week;
reading-room; dally papers. 36 Clay -a.
rpilE CHEAPEST AND LARGEST LODGING-
-*- oust* In town, Ltndell House, 6th and Howard.
\\riNCHESTKR HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'» MarKet: 200 roums, 25c a night; • reading- '
room: free bus and bargage to and from the ferry.
OOMS 15c TO 75c Pi-R NIGH 1; 50cTo$l 50
per week, oriental. 225 Drnmm gu '
]\JKNV GRAND. 246 THIRD-sUNNY ROOAiS
JLi from $1 10 S3 ptr week: reading-room. '
KOSEDALK HOUSE. 321 ELLIS, NEAR TAY-
lor; COQ rooms: 25c nigttt; reading-room.
HOES! SHOES! (SHOES! NEW TO ORDER;
any style, $3 up; misfits and cast-off shoes
bough: or exchanged; larc • slock of second- hand
shoes; first-class repairing; wort guaranteed.
749 Mission su. near Grand upera-houae. •
SIMON WANTS 100 Mr.N TO i.ET BOT-
. tie b-er or wine sc. best free lunch. 643 Clay.
rpKY ACME tiuUar, 9..7 jiAKhr.T»i'.. BK-
X low Sixth, for room: '.'>'■ a night: $1 a wn<.
\\T ANTED, YOUR SHOES —WE RKPA I
" shoes up to 10 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through the day can fcave their suoes repaired
at nlgtit while you wait: ladles' soling, 35c; men*
soling, 60c: floe shoes made to order irom S2 up:
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c up to
$'J SO. ' 6 ' MlsVnn »t.. h»t. First a;. »n.l Se»-o-u1 st.
Ai-.k.M'.S WA.M.,,1,
AGENTS — "PERSONAL KKCOLLECTIONB
of General Nelson A. Miles," Commander-ln-
< hief of ti e Unit d states Armies and the great-
est of Indian fighters: the most remarkable book
of the century ; apply at once for choice of terri-
tory. 1. PER ON, manager subscri .tion depu
of The NVhlttaker & lay Company, 723 Market st.
GENTS— ALBUMS: NEW LINE, INCLUD-
ing tli# famous metal-back albums for which
we are sole Pacific Coast agents: you .an make
$10 to 9'io a day. F. PERSON, manager subscrip-
tion department of The Whiltaker it Ray Com-
pany, 7-.'3 Market st- ;
GENTS— McKINLEY IN BRONZE METAL;
indorsed by Hanna and Republican Lea.ue:
$ iO.lOO; sold by letter; territory now offered:
$20 value for $3. Write American Bronze Statu-
ette Co.. Chicago. . ■ ■
A GENTS— IT'S THE LATEST AND ' REAT-
*t\. est money-making, educational Christ
novelty; write quick. C. M. THOMASON. Oak-
land, Cal. -
ANTED— AGENTS TO -ELL FOLDlNG-
baskets: household novelty; sells on sight;
send 25c for sample by express, terms, etc Fold.
ing-Basket Co., 821 Broadway. Clucl nail, Ohio.
INTELLIGENT BO'»K CANVABSKRS.
. I Standard Dictionary Agency. 93 < Market su
HOUSES WANTED.
\foRTH oFmaßKEi"'s '?.T FURNISHED
Xi house or flat of 7or 8 rooms, with all modern
improvements. Address,' stating terms. House,
dpi 121. this office.
KOO.US »AM£O.
WANTeSITor'T ROOM FOR'^HCtcrSE^
»» keeping in vii Inity of i-lilmore, Bush, Bu-
chanan an<i Washington. Address Room, box
116, this office.
\\r ANTED— I OR 2 FURNISHED FRONT
'» rooms; central location: mast be sunny, quiet,
clean and cneap K. X., box 6 . Call.
BOARDING WANTKD. _
\k[ ante.*— large sun.sy room with
IT; bead by gentleman and wife. Address, si at-
Ing erms etc. B. box B*<. Call. _:
, JPKOJPKK-rk" WAJNTKI>.
VVT ANTKD— TO BUY TWO-STORY HOUSE
»» (flats) or 5-room cottage In the Mi slon or
Rl^'mion.! i igirlct- Addr st L. 8.. box 44. Cull.
WAN'TKU— L. A.VtO US.
HAND SEWING-MACHINE WANTED;
quote lowest price. H. 8., box 134, CalL
\\' ANTED — GRUBBTA BY RELIABLE
■ '' prospector. J. C. X , box 126, this office.
\ \T ALL PAPER, 4C A RoLL; PAPER HANG-
" Ing. paii. ting etc, by contract, or day's work,
at , your own price: work must be had. N. E.
AMERICAN. 1302 Webster st. ■ .
■\f"ACHINERY~W.iiNTED IN EXCHANGE
■LTX forsiockton While. 516 Mission st.
r) LD() '• D AND sILVKfI BOUGIiT: JKWKL-
v/ ry. watches repaired. MUSI), 1133^ Mission.
L DI N'US GUT; LUMBKR, SABLES,
■m ooors.manlela etc., for sale ■ 1166 Mission su
OELL YOUR liO'»Ks, CLOTHING AND JKNV-
O elry ... x. KLKIN. ID9 sixth «t : so-. I postal.'-
-1.U.1'r.1 CL.JSAAI>iti.
CITY STfcA mT' ARPET CLKAN'INtrwOR'KS;
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. Si E VKNS,
sa.-r. 38 and 40 1 lghth St.; telephone South 250. :.
pARPKTS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
like new. FKRUUSON i Co., 23 Tenth; teL
South Mi. D. MACKINTOSH A Co.. successors.
IV HKS Y>»U BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
' » poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-heailng Works. 353-57 lehamast.; tel So 41).
A DVANCK C V T-CLEAN INO CO.. 402
X\. Suiter. TeL .train 394. OEO. WALCOM, Prop. :
JE. MIICHKLL, CAKPKT-f LEANING CO.,
• 240 14th su : cleaning So a yard. Tel. Mis. 7».
(^AhPEI-CI 3c: LAYING, 3c: RUG
\-' sampler free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 198tb su
GONKLIN'S CAKPh-T- BEATING NVORKS.
. 333 Golden Gale »ye. Telephone East 1-6. ' ;
• C AU liD Al GREAT.NVKsTERN CARPiiT-
cleaning Works. ;li Eighth su -"'■" "" '
TONES & CO.-Tma IN' OKPICK 25 AND 27
" ' lghth at.- Telephone Jssp 1 0« l.
•j;/ '•-. , ; . a vi.ii aba *■ fcrtif .
II AVK YOU.SKEN ,THE NEW. PEERLESS
xx tj-Dewritt-rnnJ Rotary Duplicator? They stand
attheheiid. U.K. REVO..K <fc CO., 409 California.
R 1 i NgTo.N. J35: 8 fi r H, $60. SEND lOR
sam work. SCOTT A BANN AN, 333 ong'y.
A UE.VI 8 SMITH. PREMIER: ALsO RENT
and sell all kinds of • typewriters. L. <t M. AL-
EXANDER <& CO., 110 Montgomery St., write for
clnn ar . ; ' . '. , • •.
'_'■'■ "__ ' iIHMCI.VN>. ~ :
HR- C. 'v ■ O'DONNKLL. 1 ARKET.
*-> Golden Gate aye. ; diseases ot women, a specialty. ■
]?DWARD7AT^cmhH^^E?^EASE CALL
» ? 1U c n S"l : ; IIouse 1; 8 Four:h su room 8, and
Ja^ttJ- X - GA Vh V - your si-ter from San
Jose, who came from Chicago 22 years ago.
C A E D OF THAKKs-WK DE-IRE TO EX-
V- press our grateful thanks to : all friends and
fh q H!« n tance , s and. especially 10 all mambprs of
the different lodges and sod- ties who attended the
fuuera! of our late beloved CARSTKN C B IT;
a .'?",-.r r the r 5V h gifts of flowers. FREDERICKA
Children Mourilin!i: delations, the Widow add
nx D OF THANKS-NVK DESIRE TO EX-
VV press our grateful thanks to ail friends and ac-
quaint a cc*. and to .he members of the California
schuenen ClubanJ Sherwood Court, a. O. of P.,
* L . O intended the funeral 01" our late belcv.d sou
and «i' l « er> C. A. h, HEKTiI; also for the . !Ch
guts of flowers. The mourning relatives: Albert
Lt? 1 ''•"" " eeth - parents: Hermann W.
Hee h, George C. Heeih, Mrs. F. Acher, Albert S.
nee Jr. and Anna C. r.eeth, sUieraa:.d brothers.
pARD OF THANKS- WE DESIRE TO EX-
*J press our grateful ihanks to all Jriends and ac-
quaintances, and especially to the member, of the
Jjeutscher Krle er Vert-in and the Martha 1 odge
No. -^41, K. of Hi, wno attended he funeral of our
i»te he oved husband and father, WILLIAM Ui i -
NN; also ior he rich gifts of flowers The
mournine relatives, MRS. EMILIE ULLMANN
the widow and chi.dren.
\1 RS - LENA CARrvOLL-NICHoLsON, MISS
\ Sonhie Newlauds and M. Crepaux will si • g
and Frauleiu Valesco Schircht (pupil of Joa-
chim) and Mr. Lovell Langstro h ('cello) wi 1 play
next Wednesday evening at the students' enter-
tainment of the School of Magazine and Newspa-
per Illustration, 4^4 Pine st.
ELECTRICITY ASSIsTEH BY ELi-.CTRIC
remedies is the foundation of youth and
beauty. Those dual attributes or a .ovely woman
are denied to thousands of men who wou. d ac-
quire by those uea menis what nature bus with-
held or 111-health impaired; wrinkled, haggard,
sallow fece, cavernous eye*, scrawny necks, arms
aud busts speedily remedied by MME. YOHK-
ROY incoiij parable electrical treatments; ladles
are invited to tend the face- washing class.
Temple of Beauty, 935 Market st.
INCOLN BRO  CA-H GROCERS, 226
Sixth st,, between Howard and Folsom. mid-
dle of the block— Butter, -Jsc roll; eßgs, 20c dozen •
picnic hams, 6c lb; large can mincemeat, Sic; 20
tt>3 ratlins, $1; 17 lbs currants, $1; citron, 15c lb:
new almonds, 3 lbs 25c: 26 lbs prunes, plums,
pears or apricots, *1 ; large bottles pickles or chow
chow, 16c: corn starch, J>c lb: suear corn, 3 cans
26c LINCOLN BROS., J. 6 Sixth BU
ARE YOU GETTING BALD?
My piiv remedy sure cure for baldness;
guaranteed an absolute preventive for loss of hair:
starts new growth : In 30 days If roots not dead ;
eradicator of dandruff. For testimonials and cir-
culars call 4*4 Folsom St.. near First. J. W.
O'HOW. Kept by all druggists. . ; ;
CIONBULT, FREE, THE MEXICAN REMEDY
/ I'-o.'s physician: positive cure for neuralgia,
kidney trouble, rheumaiiam, etc. 204% Leaven-
worth st.
XPKRTS, MY. ARTISTS. EVERY ONE OF
th- m, and tney do auy kind of halrdress ng
lor 26c; strictly one price: switches $1: •'Quino-
nla" hair tonic 36c a bottle, G. LEDERER, 111
Stockton st. .
D~ON'T HAVE ANYTHING DONE; IT WILL
be very pal ful; am sure you can't stand it;
let me write. ■ 1896.
I R. NETA BRUNDAGE RETURNED, CHIR-
xt opodis.; coins cured. 14 Ciear.- St., room 11.
STAGE CLASSES OF IRVINE'S ACAD-
-0 em.- will give a grand exhibition of fancy and
artistic dancing at California 'ill, 620 Bush St.,
on Tuesday evening. December 8. 1B«6.
DANCING— BALLROOM OR STAGE TAUGHT.
IRVINE'S, 927 Mission St., opp. U. S. Mint.
Dag carpets wove to order, FOR ALB;
-It also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-.
cr in carpet twine In hank or chain at lowest rates.
«KO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth sL. Oakland. Cal.
SKALEMOFF CURES DANDRUFF, ITCHING
scalp, Htopi " hair from falling out. Agents
wanted, 113 Turk bu
\\ INI.GROWEH, IN NEED OF MONEY,
"» wll sell stocK of claiet, old. exce lent quality,
30c per gal on, original price 60c, In 50-gailon lots.
Address Wine, box 81, Call - ffl-e.
TNFO MATION OF PATRICK DOLAN, HAR-
x ness-maker, who left St. Louis 32 years ago.
He will hear from his sister by calling at 748
Howard si . S. F., « al. -
HEUMATISM Positively Cured: ~~ : *
"-»■•»■ ALSO NEURALGIA,
all nervous diseases, chronic catarrh and dys-
pepsia: patients treated successfully by mail;
sm .11 expense : write for particulars: sunny rooms
and board if desired. DR. SMITH'S Hy ienic
Sanitarium. 1513 Buchanan st,; free consulta. ion.
DVICE IKKK; DIVORCE LAWS A 6>PB-
dalty; private; do charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.. at-
.rtidVdto. G. W. HONVK,atty-at-law. 860 Market
LEGANT MASQUERADE CObTUMES, AX-
i PERSON'S. 121 stock. on su: country orders.
ME. COSTE TRr.ATS CORNS AND BUN-
lons: finger-nails beautified. 122 O'Farrell.
(Jl'l I -> CLKANKD. PRESSED, $1: REl'AlttS
Odyelnc done. 26Montcomerr. r. 14: tel. red 2374
ETURNDD— MMK. ROLAND, TEACHER OF
French language. 765 Market St., room 15.
KGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
-1 out publicity; advice free and confidential.
J. G. JEFFRESS, 632 Market St., room 23.
I TREE" TEST BKFORE PAYING. MME.
JT JACKENETT, clairvoyant and card-reader,
614 1 2 Jones st. . . .
IVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
rlage; terms of payment obliging; legal every-
where. Address lock box F., 906 Market sU, S. F.
1 /Mlfl CARDS, $150. SHOW CARD-*, f.TC.
JLUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Va Geary st.
O TO 609 THIRD; CHEAP .PAINTING,
paperlnc, whitening and plastering: estimates
given for all kinds of work. A. HOFFMAN.;
C; "I A DOZES— FINE CABINETS AT WlL-
<gl SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
QUPERFLUOL 1 HAIR PERMANENTLY RE-
-0 moved by electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH.
2115 Bush, below Flliuiore: hrs, 2 to 3, ex. Th & Sa.
T. ITS, SCIATICA, CATARRH. DISEA ES OF
£ women. DR. SPIT ZY. 413% Kearny. 1 to 4 p.m.
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET— BASE-
ment: fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
AT THE PEOPLfc/o ONJi DOLLAK MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines for.
nished for $1; call or write. 1029^ Mantel su,
t.t. sixtn and Seventh. San Francisco, Cal. !
AGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA.
chin--; uses the klnetoscope films; price $-'6tt
BACIOALUPI. 946 Market st.
AKTINGTON'S SCHOOL OP MAGAZfNS
and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
Classes: instructors, J. H. K. Partincton, Gertrude
Partlngton. R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
W ATCHES, DIAMON JEWELRY OF ALL
• • kinds at reduced prices; muai move; building
to be torn down. 5 and 7 Third su'
UPTURE AND PILES CURED: NO PAY,
J-V until cured: send for book. DRS. MANS.
FIELD & PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market at.
C CLOAKS, FURS AND SUITS RETAILED AT
) wholesale prices. Factory, 20 Sansome st.
URN KIT'S CORN CURE— SURE CUKr. FOR
corns, bunions, warts; 26c. 327 Montgomery. ,
LL FACIAL BLEMISH SUPERFLUOUS
' hair, mole* freckles, aors. etc. removed by
Kllte Electrolysis Cq. 22« TurK. nr. Leaven wort a.
IG OUTDOOR SHOW KVlC-
ry night cor. Market and Bixth sts. ; artistic 1- <
vtriitemrnts In llvln? llgbt; promoters of bait*
ness. Consult OWL AI'V. CO.. 1140 Market r.
LECTRIO -LIGHTS IN KVKRY ROOM I
Winchester House. 44 Third st. near Marks: .
5.00 rooms, 26c to $1 50 per night. $1 60 to W pee
week: free bus and ■ baggage to and from tne terry
"I IB&UAL ADV AN UN DIAMONDS, jaW-
J j »lrr. »tc. : lowest mt»*. V4X Market. _ .. \
LD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIK-f
tlothln; bough- v «OLMAN 41 'in cor Ji>«l<.
■ "■.-...- '" »..i..--...iiv,...-s. ' ' - "
VABHIONABI.K DRESSMAKING AT 3 BEL-
£ vedere; good .fit guaranteed ; prices reasonable.
A~l (11 GEARY— KLEGANT AND stylish
IIU2 dressei made; $5 up: dresses made over.
UITs .made F OM $3 UP: skirts, 76c;
cap<»«. $1: fl runrnnteed. 669 'tevenion st.
JcU LXA'I »U> A L.
TScJSCOHf L. K Ail K s", A " THOR CoF^IAU iHT-
X\i line Short.a nd." teacher of shorthand, type-
writing, bookkeepins and languages, will leceive
pupils for. private Instruction day and evening;
systems taught; Karues, Isaac Pitman, Ben Pit-
man. Graham, Munson and Marsh; dictation for
speed. Room 70, Flood building. ■ :..'■■:■■
BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages,' English branches,
electrical engineering: . ■-<> teachers; 16,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
RES , THE LEADING COLLEGE, 325
Montgomery : St.; individual instruction la
ehorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. :
lite scholarship $50: 1 w rates per week and mo.
OICK, PHYSICAL CULTURE AND KLO-
cutlon; ' latent and best methods. MRS. CAL-
HOUN, 3915 California st. ' '; .
NG'NKERING SCHOOL; % MECH.. ELEC.,
civil, " mining, - survey, assay, archiu. X ray
tanL-ht:es.lB64. A. VAN DERNAILL. Mkt
IjOOKKEEPINU THOROUGHLY IN 6 WEEKS
1> or year' course free; only account ant teaching.
TaRR, room 672, P^rrott Emporium building.
TIEHL'b SHORTH AND ■' AND v BUSINESS
college. 723 , Market st : expenses * less and
scholarship belter than elsewhere; day and nlghu
.: -ELASCO'.-i LYCr.L'M SCHOOL OF ACTING—
. 1 ' Private theatricals arranged; pupils reliearsel
c" stage. R. 6 and 12. I. O. o. F. block. 7th and Mtct !
OSS— VOICE CULTURE: ELOCUTION. RE-
moved to Douonoo bldg, cor Market and Tay-
lor sts. - ' . ■" • / ■'. :-■■*«:■ ,■■-.',■."■■ -■
OOKKPNG. WRITNG.ARITHBITC. GRAMR,
day & night: nodaise*; $5 month. 845 Mission.
]\TIGHTSCHoOL-.HKAi.D'WBUS.COLLEOE-24
JLi Post ;coaimerclal^hor:hand, English low rates.
I>ROF. LOUIS MKRKI; VIOLIN, MaNDmLiN
. guitar, cornet; reasonab c. 225 Geary, nr. Powell.
GLITAR. MANDOLIN. AND VOCAL
; lessons,' s3 mp. Mary Wesihau-.. 39 Fifth.*;- -;
PANISH SCHOOL DAILY: $3 A MONTH- 4
to 9 p.m. Room 10, Y. M. C. a. bu! ding. -.'- ;
Singing;-.- PIANO:-; .Paris, UATK-
French. German languages :$2 mo. ay!or,r7.
pHEAPEsT AND BEST IN AMERICA— TTTH
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
. United States or Canada one year for $ I (X), poa£
LODGING-HOrSES FOB SALE.
"o^RTj^TcoiTN^R^o^sETrrrrrrrrrrrr^i^
— U 12 rooms: fine sunny corner. 400
60 rooms, cl»ari g 00; lv payments...... 2500
1.8-room house; : rooms all rented ' 100
-8 rwrns; near Ci y Hall: itw.. 250
14 rooms on Folsom st., near Third..... 360
80-room hous-". clearing $500.... 4000
66-room corner house, new furultuie: 3UUO
20 rooms, on 4th s  clearing $80, 0n1v..... 400
3 rooms on Market s., offer wanted........ 860
12 rooms, central, good furniture..... 250
H. C. DECKEH, 1020 Market St.. opp. rittb.
!LA OF 6 R0..M5... $175
23 rooms fine cot er, new..... .$l2OO
25 rooms. MarKta st;.. ; •* 600
60 rooms, fine furuiture, payments $.200
II rooms, newly furnished, low rent. .........5600
34 rooms, bay-window, new $-.00
UNDERWOOD & CO.. 765 .Market at.
<m afa 12 ROOM**: SPLENDIiJ HuUSB. A?
tJp^tOU M. SPe.CK & CO.. 6U2 Market St.
O 1 ROOMS; FINEST ON GEARY St : PAYS
—-I handsomely. See A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602
Market st. .
rr ROOMS: CORNER; SP.ENDID APART-
-00 ment house; paying $150. A M SIM _ CO.
UNNYIO-ROOM HOUSE ON POST ST. ; ON bT
O $325: 3 housekeeping floors; nicely arranged
for income: heap rent; choice location; a bargain.
A. M. EI.KINS, 906 ..arSetsU
"LMRST-C'LaS.- BOARDING-UOUSp;; 23 SUN-
" Dv rooms: mo crn imp-oveoients; centra. ioca-
tlon A'ldrea^ K. W . box 140. C'a''. •
I iK.Mllnii lUi; >.i.»K.
p.iJi'r ftTOP IT. . •
People always flock to where they can do the
best. Follow the majority and you'll not be tar
wrong.
Remember, : we sell for cash or on easy time
payments.
Wicker chairs and Rockers from $3 00 up
Enamel Bureaus 7 60 up
Enamel Iron Beds .. 7 50 up
Fancy Rockers. -.. 3 25 up
Heat ng stoves, all kinds 4 00 up
Cooking Ranges and stoves. 7 00 up
Carpets, Lino., urns, Mattings.
Largest s.ore, largest stock, lowest prices-
J. NOON AN.
1017, 1019, 1021 and 4023 Mission st. and 516,
518, 620 and 522 Minna si., above Sixth.
Open evenings
Telephone J»s»le 41. '
I V ANTED— OAK BEDROOM SET, BEDDING
-'* and carpet. O. F.. box 73. Call Office.
AUCTI N Hi 'USE, 827 iISS.ON ST.— ASH
chamber sulti-. $13 60; folding-beds. $10.
C^HAS. M. VLU-U & CO., UPHOLSTERY CO.
I 1301 MARKET ST., COR. NIN I/H.
Carpets. Furniture and Upholstery Goods.
A (\l k CARPi-.TS: CHAMBER SK IS. $14:
TV/V stoves, $6: parlor sets, 820: fold ing- bods,
10: bar outfits. T D. McC RTH Y. 764 Mission.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods; new or good
us new: cas or on lime: open evenings.
17" ING FURNITURE Ca.l 127-29-31 MARKET.
TV furnish 4 rooms, $.8 to *so; best bargains la
city.
1. UCKINGHAM FURNITURE CO.— LOWEST
1 • prices; furniture, carpets; all grades. 866 Mis-
sion st.
R.MTURK. STOVES, CARPETS, COUN-
j^_t era. sho-» cases. ANDKRSQV. 1131 Mark-put.
1 c li^s Ix 1, > v A .N Tti U.
IFYOUWA T GOOD PRICES Fi>R FURNI-
■ ere and merchandise see BURP. 211 I .ark in.
IGHER PRICi*. IHAN ANYWHERE PAID
by Indiana Auction C 0,1057 Market. opp.JoDe-i
ASH PAID FOR E.nTIRE HOUSES Ort
\J smaller lots of furniture, carpets, etc. i.
bow ( h ■■■». ■.»■» > w, o , v .„. .° > n ,, ..,.;,., .
AGAIN WE CALL ATTENTION TO THB
fact that we are selling good-toned second-
hand plnaos for $3, $4 and $5 per month; beauti-
ful new nprigh s for $6, $7. «8, $9 and $10 per
month; no cash payment required larger than the
above amounts: all purchasers of upright pianos
from us have the privilege of exchangln si»me for
a Steinway any time within 3 years from date
without sacrifice. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
representatives of Steinway & Sons' pianos, cor.
Kearny and Sutler sts.. San Francisco; also Oak-
land, CaL: Portland, Or.; Seattle, Wash.
A BSOLUTKLY THE OLD r.ST AND LARGEST
-nL house west of Chicago is KOHLER «fc
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and SO O'Farrell St. ■ pianos, or-
gans and all other musical Instruments, of all
grades and price-*; terms eisy; prices lowest;
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ■
ACTUALLY THIS BEST BARGAINS IN Pl-
anos; see our list lor this week; plan on S3
$4. $5, $6, $7. $8, $9, $10, $15. $20 monthly pay-
ments; fine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere In tlie city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO..
salesrooms 935 Market St.. opp. Mason.
"VTOTICE TO DRUM CORPS— SNARE
-i.' heads for sale at very low prices: .factory S\V.
cor. 1 weniy-fourth and Rhode Island sts. P.
STOLBEkG.
HAINES BROS., BUSH A GERTS AND
Knabe pianos at closing out prices. WILLIAM
C. HAMILTON, successor to A. L. BANCROFT
<fe CO.. 324 Post si.
ARGAI.nS— AN ELEGANT SQUARK, $19;
I > one chapel solid oak Estey organ, $47 60; re-
member, we tun pianos for *2. J. HARRY
SCO! T, 526 Hayes SU
EAUTIFUL OAK AND WALNUT PIANOS
lust received and for sale cheap. Z. MAC-
VAIS Music C. mnan , 769 Market st,
GOOD UPRIGHT, CnEAP: IiBtAT BAR-
gain. SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hiber-
nia Bank.
I~r*Oß SALE— A GOOD UPRIGHT FISHER Pl-
ano. Call weekdays 5 to 8 P. it., Sunday 12
to 8 p. m., 1663 Mission st.
/CHOICE STANDARD MAKE UPRIGHT;
\J sacrificed Immediately. C. S., box 42. Call.
QTEINWAY SACRIFICED; A GRAND IN-
-0 strument. Room 12, Flood building. .
RANTED. FOR CASH, 5 SECOND-HAND
'» uprights. BBUEN N\ 228 Post su
\f AGNIFICENTSTEINWAY UPRIGHT AND
Xi± Schubert: little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van Nesj
WG. BADGER. SO. A EXT FOR HALLET
Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 406Sacto.
YRON M At 308 Pv ST ST.— )-OHMER,
N ewby <fc Evans. Bnggs and other pianos.
UPERIOF. VIOi.INS,ZITHKRS, OLD* NEW
0 H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 La. ham place.
LKGANT EMKRSON, FIRVT-i LASS CON-
£J d lion, at sacrifice. E. W.L CX.I 16 McAllister.
VINE UPRIGHT PIANO, $110; SQUARE, $30.
r BTATHAM «fc CO., 106 Me . Ulster st.
DOLLAR A ON RENT CONTRACT
buys new plan". 1 Ella st.
UOKSJbIS. 1
f^REDITOR^ SALE^AT AUCTION^CON^
V- tents of livery stable, 3114 six eenth st., near
Valencia, Monday, November 23, at 11 o'clock
a. v. SULLIVaN cfc DOVLi,, Auctioneers, office
327 Sixth sU .
At I HORSES FOR BALK; ALSO WAGON A
i" bngfies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horn
Market, S'27 six-h st. ; auction sales every NVedoa*
«ay. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. •
ri\UK EMPORIUM SALES YARDS, 220 V A.
1 lencla su, is the place to go If you want to buy.
sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or har-
ness: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
|w| bJi'i' NEW AND htUONI>HA.\U HAU-
<JUI_' ness; all kinds: bugzy.wacon, carts, surrey
«s rockiwar; 40 cheap horses. l*)tti and Valencia.
"I C/) OKI'S NEW AND bKCOND HAND HA
J. 01/ ness, all kinds; wagons, Doggies, surreys, ■
rockaways. cans; muse be sold. 1138 Mission «. -
S. LECTRIC HORSE-CLIPPING; CALLED FOR
V-> and returned. 640 Vnlenc.a; tel. Mission, 2'i7.
(TA HKAU DRIVING A .•• I) WOK iv lloßSt.^;
QUvei— i- 'I>'lQ 10 70' >*». S»! Hrvw-fi V,.;
~- V»AbUA*i ANL» CAKKIAUts.
2 HORSES AND WAGON; CHEAP. APPLY
MRS. KLUETSCH, 1765 Fifteenth st., near
Valencia. . ■ ■ . ■
IpOR SALE— BUTCHER'S LIGHT DELIVERY
wagon: one tea and spice wagon. 1340 Turk.
t-OLA>SLANDAU HACK, IN PRIVATE USE
«> 1 year, at WA ■ COM BROS.. 217 Ellis st.
pHEAP- ROLL TOP DESIC (OAK)' P VTENT
Vj copy ■ press (oak) ; 2 chairs, - 1 swing, 1 arm
(oak): 6-foot wall case, glass doors: 6-foot .able
with 12 drawers. C. M. THOMSON, 318 Market
St., 12 '.o 1. - ' ' .
ASK FOR THAT GENT S HORSESHOE-PIN;
J\. $35. worth »BQ. . Urn le Harris, 15 G, ant aye.
'> MALTESE KITTENS; 5 MONTHS OLD-
— male; au les. Ad ress NY., box 44, Call. '
A SKFO ITH T LOVELY LADY.- DIAMOND
SX pin; $46, worth $80. Uncle Hairis.ls Grant ay.
ATA BARGAI«-60 SAMPLES RATTAN
<n. chairs, rockers, etc.: , also a few fine baby
R^lVrn 11 !?;;., 1 ' U days. CALIFORNIA
RATTAN CO., 61 First st., near Mission. .
../HORSI-.PONVER 0110 i.A« EN. .INK, SEC-
*- ond-hand: in perfect order; tor sain cheap; can
be seen running at 507 Market st.
MEDIUM Dot B EDOORFIR PROOKSAFE,
scale and register cheap. 8 Mission st.
ELEGANT Jl) HAND PARTY DRESSES
and sealsklhs: cheap. FABIAN. 1020 Folsom.
L'lßaT-C.ASS SKCOND-H AND GASOi INE
J. engine; suitable for pumping. F, box 22. Call
(COFFEE M ILL. SCALES, LETTER PRESS,'
J stand desk, money tl I. safe; cheap. ■ 102 Clay.
\IONaRUH! BLUEFLAME HEATi.RS ARE
■IU. tbe best. W. 8. RAY MFG. C '.. 12 California
, ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. SIIELV-
•* : ing, etc., 1 ought and Fold. 1063 Mission, nr.7h.
I .Ol GIN ES,-'D-H A Nil MACHINERY
. I 'water-pipes. MclntoshA Wolpman. 137 Beale.'
NE . SMALL M.-PIUM AND LAi'.l.E-SIZK
fir<» an'l lui-glnr proof ■ :,f" lna-l'l Vit ■»! y.
, t.'. sxoKAut;. ".-.. ,
U RN I j "t URET^ARPJtTS*
pianos, etc.: clean, dry, - light compartments,
advances s made. V. J NOON AN, 1017 10 1023 Mi*
; sion, above sixm: open evenings. ' .■.' ■
•l/UKNll'L>Kr_ ' FTaSTT^ ' TRUNKS- ""'AD-
JT vunce*. snipping . CHAS. L. TAYLOR.2O4 Po»U
TORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY: FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin. ,
.; jrrTST> T F:«;«s rFAjrcK^^jj^i
<2»/|/ ft'BBSTAifBANT THAT IS A BAB-
VP'i i U. pain: the place 13 dot. :g good and the
rent U cheap; location the finest: the Place must
b • sold »t once; ace it to-day. T. LUBEL.-?KI, 7 \
City Hail aye. - -%&i
13 COVWAY, WHO KEEPS A FINE S LOON
•»*• at 1023 Market at., s retiring f om buslneos. '
and will gel ihe stock, fixtures and tood will of
the san c t>v a jction on Tuesday, the 24th, bet. the
pours ot 11 aim 12 o'clock, as a whole, to the
highest bidder.
vft'^A PvRINEK WANTED TO TRAVEL:
»1P — %J\J. advertiser has but one hand: must
Dave help: paying business: receipts *10 to $20
per day; no sol.ciiins: only those who have money
and men- business need apply. li and 16 Ellis
si., room 113.
v AIOONn FROM $20 TO $15,003
' Restaurants from $10 >-o $12,000
Branch bakeries from.. $100 to SlOOO
Station ry and notions from.'.... $2 010 $.500
Cl A?, r a j oi^ " m $-00 10 $21)00
All Kinds of business bouzht and sold.
UNDr.KWOQD & CO.. 765 Market st.
OA PER CKNI DIVIDEND PAID IN OC-
uu toberto our customers on their investments;
wou.d >ou care 10 invest <li or upward: dividends
payable monthly: particulars free. Address West-
ern Fin ncial Company, 225 . earhornsU. Chicago.
rpilE BEST-PAYING DELICACY-STORE AND
J. retitauran. in tbe ci.y: patronugu very select:
well-estuDlished trade; must sel on account of
sickness: very cheap. W.. box 20. Call Office.
',f)f\(\ INTEREST IN ESTABLISHED
'JP — \J\J\J. paying manufacturing business: sec-
retary of the lOrporatlo 1 with salary attached.
Address M.. box 5, Call Office.
TToli SALE —GROCERY AND SALOON;
F doing good business; will be sold cheap If ap-
plied for immediately. Call 6p. m. '.> Oak>vood si.,
nr. Guerrero and Klgh eeu.h. , - - .'■■ .;
A TENT. i-OR SALE: THE GREAT
fuel-saving and heat-giving appliance for grates
ever used; call and examine. ALDEN & CO., 902
Broadway, Oakland. .
GOOD CHANCE— BOOK AND NEWS BUSl-
ness; must sell this wees. Call 10-day between
1 and v p. it.; or Monday, between 7 at.d 8 p. m ,
623 Geary st . • '-V. ■'.. ■'.'.
OOD-PAYING CANDY, CIGAR AND f»TA-
tlouery store for sale, cheap, account of sick-
ness. Apply 1314 Howard st.
A LOON WITH CIGAR-STAND; GOOD BUSl-
ness and loca' ion; at a bargain or will accept
partner. Apply 31 Ninth su \ .
AKKRY, CANDY. NOT.ONS, CIGARS,
launJry; 5 sunny rooms; leaving city; bar-
gain. 1151 Mission st.
RE A URANT— HALF INTEREST CHKAP;V -
established 15 years; remaining partner lt>
years.. 1241 Marke. st. . V ¥
(|j.i 'j(\l\ BUYS INTEREST IN COINTRT.
«3T -- vU otticf business; established: call fore-
noon. 1767 Howard su
USUAL OPPORTUNITY TO BECOME
legal physician. DEAN, 1001 West Congress
St., Chicago. :
IW CHANCE TO INVESTORS OFMODER-
ate means; guaranteed. Add. c. K. C 0.,221 Davis
/> ROCERY AND BAR; REASONABLE;
vJT sickness account of sale. 122 • angton st,
AIRY PRODUCE: OLD ESTABLISHED
stand: 12 years: a bargain. Call 146 Seventh.
Jtir FOR A BUSINESS WORKING PROPo-
(pic) sltion. D , box 147, this office. .
qi. 0- (\(\ COUN.RY HOTEL AND LIVERY-
ifOi)Uu. stable, at railroad station; pays
$"500 a year profit; fine climate for health resort.
H. M. NVOQLLEY. 632 Market St.
V\7 E HAVE A GRAND OPPORTUNITY FOR
»' some one with a little capital; we never yet
offered a humbug gu rantee this. Address Man-
ufacturers' Agency, Oakland, Cal.
THIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT IN SAN JOSE.
X 1 doing very profitable business, will be sold
cheap: good reason tor selling. Address box 74,
Mercury Office, San Jose.
T. OR SALE— C >R ER FOURTH AND HOW-
JT ard, with 30 rooms; nicely furnished; all ou
one floor; good land. ord. Inquire of the proprietor,
776 Howard sU ■ . ' ■
I, AKKRY, CANDY. CIGAR AND NOTION'
I ' store; - sonny ; living-rooms; good location.
1201 Bush st.
au 1 i)~ ELEGANTLY FITTED UP RESTAU-
■rliit'. rant outfit. Apply D. McRaE, B^7
Mission st. - :
f\ ROCERY AND BAR: NO OPPOSITION;
VJT will sell cheap; good reason. Apply Call.
I. OR SALE— BAKERY; A GENUINE BAR-
i gain ; in cood location : fine chance for man with
small capital: good reasons for selling; Investigate
this. Address _s, box 64. call Office.
ANTED— PARTY TCI FURNISH MONEY
»» for a mining expedition by a good medium
and mineral psyebometrisu For particulars ad-
dress J. NY., box 115.
IpOR SALE— CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
5 year**' lease to run; doing good business ; rea-
son for selling, owner going East. 42.0 Jersey st.
RARE OPPORTUNITY TO BUY HALF IN-
terest in an establ.shed coal business: fur-
nished; 53500. Address a. D., box 164, Call. ;
. RANCH BAKERY, WITH FURNITURE OF
' 3 rooms; must sell; leaving city. 1243 Mis-
sion st. ■'- '■ <-• vi. -. .■■ - ' ' ■■>-"<'*-
BEST CHANCE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
wagon-m»ker to buy business in country town.
Address W.. box 82, Call Office. _j\
ffljonn MAN AGING partner IN ligh^ 1
ig)Z,\j\J. manufacturing business: $1000 clear t
first year In signu 215 >ansome, room 12. •. " : */ i
TNVENTORS I.EsIj.ING TO SECURE OR
JL sell pat«nts or inventions, call at . Hall of In-
ventions. 215 sansoma su, room 12
VIZ ANTED— PARTNER WITH 940.000 IN A
" grocery and liquor house establlshea since
1863. Address A. V., box 39. Call Office.
T. OR SALE— A GOOD PAYING SALOON". 1N-
X quire 439 Pine st. .
OR SALE— A FIRST-CLASS SALOON. CALL
at 114 O'l- arrell st. ......
~. O.JLi CiiANCE I- OR RESTAURANT, WITH
'• 3 living-rooms; near factories: owner leaving
this city; cheap; no humbug. 2213 Powell st.,
near Bay. . . .
ARE OPPORTUNITY To PURCHASE;
old-established furniture, carpet and under-
taking business; clears over $3000 a year; stock
$10,000. GEO. L. BIRKMAIEB, Wells-Fargo
.Express building. - .
■r?OR SALE— OLD-ESTABLISHED POULTRY
JL and produce stand In one of the best markets
in the State; owner going away. Apply 918
Washington st., Oakland.
<fc4AAn BUSINESS; PORTLAND, OR.;
«JpTV/V/< '. paying $176 per month: good chance
to increase. Inquire C E. NAYLOR, room 8.
floor 8, Mills building.
EADING . RESTAURANT In LEADING
seaside resort of. Pacific Coast; owner retiring
from business. Address s., box 138, Call Office.
NEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY."
close to San Francisco. - For - particulars apply
this oflica.
CIGAR-STORE: 2 LIVING-ROOMS; RENT
/ 814; sickness. 1127 Mission st.
OUTE FOR SALK ACROSS THE BAY. LX-*
onlre at call QiHc«>. «__•
4itOHJAL. '■ ~~ ~~~
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from and diseases peculiar .to their sex;
latest Improved : method of treatment; never
falls: perfectly harmless: tree from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped un me 1 lately; prices to suit
the times; home In couttnemenU DR. & MRS.
DA VIES, 14 'McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank;
consult fre; French regulating pink pills, #j;
hours from 9 a. m. to p.p. m. and 7 to 9 p. M.
PROCESS THAT NEVF.R FAILS TO BE-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever causa in a few hours when medicines - .
and others have failed no Instruments used; —
many years* experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free: teims reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement.' MRS. D><. DALEY, 1123
Market St.. over ihe Owl Dtu; store. -
DR. LET'S FRENCH CAPSULES, A
guaranteed absolute cure tor all female Irregu-
larities (no matter what cause): positively safer
and sure; no danger or alter effects; taken in time,
it also acts as a preventive; price $1 50 per box;
tent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLKA
BROTHERS, 33 Grant aye.. »an * rancisco.
, A '; NEW PROCKSS-NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
A ment or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physic for al female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day;. can
be sent and used at home; al cases guaranteed.*
DR. POPPER and MRS. DRS. NAIL, alB Kearny.
T A DIES, CHICHESTKR'S ENGLISH PEN
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best: safe, re-
liable; take 110 other. Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief for Ladies," In letter by return mall;
at druggist's- Chicheater Cbem. Co.. Philadelphia,
DRS. GOODWIN, . SPECIALIST: LADIES,
near or far, safe, quick care guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: home for patients-, best
skill: free diagnosis; . low fees; self cure. 904 Mc-
Allister st. •.
1| RS. O. WOOD, MIDNVIFK, CURES ALLDIS-
I'i eases womb, paral sis. rheumatism, drvpsy
liver and kidney troubles, cancer* and tumors;
cure guaraiiteed: consul. ation free. 243 *-hipley st.
SURE : CURf; FOR ALL, Fi.MALIS Dl^-
eases, from whatever cause; home It confine-
ment : every ■■ comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYKR, 226 Tnr^ su
FAIL TO CONSULT Dit. JORDAN AT
his museum. 1051 Mureet St.; his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfac orily by mail. ..;.
LPr;A.-'S FRENCH PILLS— A 80. TO
ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; 8- 50 express C. O. D.: don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD 8t.05.. Oakland. Cal. -
\\ ETKOPOLITAN DISPENSARY, 107^IZ
1 ■ Market st. ; 20 years* ; experience •in ■ nervous
aad sexual diseases: both sexes; -consultation free.
QFL(WJPA~ID~FOR A CASE ifailtocureof
*S*j\'\} fen ale compUlnts or diseases of the eye*
consultation free. MRS. DR. SCOTT, 513 Jones at!
OME. A fRIE > D AND MOT.KR'S CAR&!
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 t-.ichth St., Alamed^
1 F IRRKOU.LAR OK ANY Fi-..»j Alfc DI t. CdT<
lyt-eMR-i.Pt-. J'U and becontent. \,biu7*itZ .
I.R. HA LL. 14 McALLIS i STREET. N. AR
\f Jones. Diseases of women ana children.
\i RS. .DKS. DONOVAN. 1306. KOLSOAI ST.;
i>» conn ement: terms r asonable. \ .
C H WEEKLY 'AFPt £ EST IK AMERICA-THB
tT . .r;r Xi ' i - CALL, sent to any address In th«
Unit^dStatesor Canada one yew f or »1 60, po«2CITY BE AX. ESTATE,
GTT ITMBSEN «__ CO.,
H. REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
fl4 MONTGOMERY ST.. NR. MARKET.
J BARGAINS- JUST RECEIVED. ,
\ MfiRT MAQMFICKN'T MANSION.
fflnSf BEAL BARGAINS. LARGE
fell UUU. business interests taking owner
Ro-av from C jt-: one of the most magnificent man-
sions on Pacific Heights contains 1 3 rooms: sal-
on parlors i bathrooms, bUliard-room, wlnerrom;
• elevator and in fact a most complete mansion;
' 33x 0° • the cream of Pacific Heights.
■te-ssfifr _-£&>* WARM celt: xear
ip^ilUU. Markets;, care; cottage of 4 rooms;
X K"AIi lots IN faibmoun't.
■ _fonfkn * KONTING OX 3 STREETS, MAK-
i?>ZUuU. in- several large lots. 1
A FINE INVESTMENT.
OKI OAA MCALLISTER ST.; SUBSTAN-
«U> 1 \J.\/\fyf' ti»l Improvements; 2 houses and
"flats: rent $81 per mouth: 27:6x120; 2 frontages.
Another good is vestment.
• <_> 1 A '>\[\ O'FARRELL ST.: 3 SUBSTAN-
,^ I V '.— «J»». ti«l bay-window fiats of 6, 6 and 5
'rooms and bath each: rent $1002 per annum; lot
i?7:6x85.
CHEAP LOT ON 1-OLSOM ST.
Q. I AAA :6xtO; LEVEL LOT ON THE
C Ivl'U. grade; i his Is a pick-up.
.MUST BE SOLD.
<7^AA BRYANT-ST. TENEMENT PROP-
C * OUU. erty; 60x80; no reasonable offer re-
•fused. -
A DOWNTOWN BARGAIN. :
<-O7 AAA SUBSTANTIAL IM.PBOVE-
<T)O I .UUU. meals; several stores and flats;
.nearly new; rent $3228 per annum; large lot,
47:6x137:6,
,PAYS GOOD INTEREST. ' :
Q79fifi GEARY ST. — 3- STORY AND
<ir I --v.'\J. basement bay-window bouse of 7
rooms and bath, and 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms; rent
$720 per annum; 51x87.
BUSINESS CORNER. =
CJI S>£\A CORNER LOT, 28x80, ON NOE
<px^.OU. St.- good locality for store.
MARKET-»T. PICK-UP.
Q^^OA ~OT 25x100; LEVEL. ON GRADE;
<a>OOUU. a real bargain.
PARK PANHANDLK.
• lirE HAVE SEVERAL OF THOSE VERY
" desirable park lots on the N. line of Fell st.
for sale; call and get locations, etc. . .
•A LOVELY HOME. ; ■- ■
(Jll -(w\- PACIFIC AYE.; A COMPARA-
{jpII.OUU. lively newEastlake residence of
• 10 rooms and bath; nice lawn and garden; large
lot, 85x127:8V4- ' . \' :
ANOTHER.i OOD BUY.
Oviuill KENT- $816 , PER ANNUM; 4
, \jyj\J, substantial flats of 4 rooms and bath
/ci: bay-windows; brick foundation; all modern
_J :: -■ veiueuts and conveniences: stone walks;
T s rreet accepted; 30x75: N. line of Ellis sU
\ . AY-aT. RESIDKiVCE.
bf'7A|| SUBSTANTIAL 2-STORY .BAY-
tiljUl*/*'. window residence of 10 rooms and
bath: brick foundation, etc.; stone walks; nice
.Garden; stable tor 4 horses; large lot; driveway;
Sl:loxK7:bi_. • •
FINE RESIDENCE ON GEARY ST. J -
G^ 1"I (|(:(| 2-STORY, ATTIC AND BASE-
<!r J X .VJvv/. ment residence of 10 rooms and
bath, etc.: brick foundation; all modern Improve-
ments and conveniences; 27:6x137:6.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Reo-
. ords," which contains a list of properties for sale
In all parts of the city.
• O. fa. UufBSKN <fe CO.. 14 Montgomery su
SHAINWALD, UUCKBKE A CO., _ti£AL iCS-
TATE AGENTS.
. 218-220 MONTGOMERY ST, MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
$7500— Modern bay-window residence of 8 rooms
and bath; California s  n-_r Fillmore; lot 27 :6x
87:6; rents $50. '
$7Uoo— s>teiner-su business corner; fine locality
for stores and flats; lot 41:6x88; bank mortgage
of $4000 can remain at 6' 2 per cent.
$7000— Western Ajßfiiiiun business property;
store and fla.s; rent-/$76 monthly ; lot 50x87:6.
£6-50— Mac Buchanan-si, re_i-l«i>oe of t> rooms
and ban; all modern Improvement-,
• ■ $6150— Fine Jack on-st. re>idence of 6 rooms
and bath; lot -7:6x1-7:8^4: street bitumen;
mortgage $4500; this resideuce must positively b^
sold this ueek; no reasonable offer will be refused.
$11,500— Van Ness corner lot, 50-135; owners
In same block are asking $3i/0 per front foot for
inside lots: street bitumen.
$25tO— v ew cottage on Church sU: 5 rooms and
Dath: basement; lot 25x1 offer wanted.
-$bSIH> — Good, substantial, modern 2-story house
of 6 rooms and bath; street bitumen; small cash
payments; balance $20 monthly.
$8000— Jessie st., near 14th; new flats; paying 9
per cent alter all expenses nave been deducted;
lot 40x05 f < et.
$3250— bhotwell su, nr. 24th; collage 6 rooms
and bath; stable.
$3000— Treat aye., nr. 26th su, opp. public
park; 6 rooms and bath.
California aye.. near SOth and Mission
6ts-: new cottage, 4 rooms and bath; rented for
$12 a month.
$•--00— New co:tage Or. Jersey st.: 6 room's and
b&th; 1 room In basement; lot 25x90
$10.500 — Moaera .2-story and basement resi-
dence of 14 rooms ana bath: 8 bedrooms: lot 26:6
xl_7:BVi: Pacific aye.
$7260— Clay st-, near Devisadero: modern resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath (5 bedrooms) ; Jot 28:9
$3bOO— Broderick-sU cottage, near Clay; lot
■ -7:M__xBo; 6 rooms and bath. l_ - .• ■
975UU— Price red tic d from 88500; Pacific
-B«igbt» residence; b rooms ana bain; Jackson St.,
■near Buchanan; lot 30x117. ' ■ • ,
$2000— 5200 cash, balance $10 monthly with In-
t ter»-st at 8 per cent Der annum ; co.tage 5 rooms
I and bath: 8 per cent Der annum; co.tage 5 rooms
and bath: stable; lot 'J5x125: Dame St.. nr. 30th.
I ■- . $5500— Modern residence, near Go den (-.ate
Park; 9 rooms and bath; lot 25x181:3 to rear at.
$2260— $100 cash, balance $20 monthly,/
same as rent; new modern cottage in Mission; con-
tain- 6 rooms and bath.
$2500— Reduced from $3250; positively must be
sold; no reasonable offer will be refused; new cot-
tage, a few steps from Ocean View station; corner
lot, 100x100.
■ $•2650— On easy terms: $500 casn. balance 820
monthly; new cottage of 5 rooms and bath on
Church gt.; 25x100.
?15U0— Capp st., near 15th; 25x75 feet; street
work all do:ie.
$3000— Bush sU. cornerlot, 25x100: NE. corner.
$6750— Fiats and rear house: Harrison st., near
6th; rents $56 per month: lot 27:6x85.
$4250— Rents 544 per month; Clara sU, bet.
sth and 6th: lot 25x80.
. $7500— Price reduced from $9000: very good
. modern 2-story house of 9 rooms and bath: Wash-
ington st., near Broderick: street bitumen; side-
walk stone; mortgage $3500 can remain; lot _5x
127:8 V*.
.$7OO-21st St., near Hampshire; lot 25x70. -- "
1750— N0 reasonable offer will be refused; lot
J 25x76; Clinton Park, near Guerrero st.
$2-00-2 lots: 27:6x120 each; on Diamond st-
near 19th; $1000 can remain on mortgage.
$1250— Stevenson st.,. near 14th: sewered and
macadamized: 25x65.
The above is only a partial list. We will be glad
to inrnish a complete list on application.
jSHALNWALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st.. Mills building.
OR $23, COST $75; HANDSOME TUBQUOIS
-T and pearl ring. Call and see It UNCLE HAR-
RIS', 16 Grant aye. . . . . .~.' : \t: :■•,
W. HAWKINS, " I ~ "" "■ ~
DEALER IN REAL ESTATE,
MORTGAGE LOANS AND INSURANCE,
NO. 11 MONTGOMERY ST.
LICK HOUSE BLOCK.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD— OFFER WANT-
ed for life blocks: purchaser can subdivide
and find ready sale; splendidly located; no grading
necessary.
QO9fifi PAYS $384 YEARLY: ALWAYS
• „ ».>_-V/'». rented: nearly new; perfect order; 4
tenants: no better small In vestment.
OOQAA *" IFT H AYE., NEAR POINT LO-
O-"U"'"-". bos: new cottage; 5 rooms and bath;
high basement: perfect sanitary plumbing: must
be sold; size, 26x120. _ . 6> '
PARK LOTS: OFFER WANTED; SECOND
tier, south of Park, near boulevard; size,
120. . : :-
• <!_9fi^A PRETTY BAY-WINDOW COT-
«jr__U_#l/. tage; 5 rooms and bath; near Market
and Guerrero: mortgage $1500 can remain; rent
$22 50; size, 25x75. - ■■ .
&COOA CLAY, NEAK DEVIBADERO—
•J > ' lt -'— story 7 rooms and bath; stable and
carriage-bouse; size, 27:6x1_7:8',4- .
Apply to E. W. HAWKINS, 11 Montgomery sU
A HOME QUESTION.
"Yon expect to live five years, ten years or fifty
years, as the case may be; sit down and figure out
the total of your rent for that time and watch the
house growing under your pencil; we can show
you how to be your own landlord, pay your own
self the rent, own a home an'i have a few dollars
left by securing a home In the "Heyman Tract":
others have and you can do the same; finest resl-
' «li-ec<- location n the city: streets all graded; only
- half block to 22d-su electric cars and _ blocks to
C&siro-su cars, we can arrange plans and terms
just as yon wish (hem; 100 lots already sold: over
. 60 bouses bull: call at office. for Wms and par-
ticulars. JACOBHKYMAN.iI Montgomery st.
OK $280. COST $600, SOLITA IRE PAIR OF
diamond earrings, weighing 2% karats;. gems:
a fine hollda gift for your wiie. See them at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
- $4500. *£££■£ •* 6OO -
-• Cheapest flats for sale In Western Addition; a
positive bargain: choice location: near California
and-Dev sadero line of cars: 2 bay-window flats;
rents $510 per year; lot 25:3 frontage by full
depth, 187:6 feet. :'•
street bltumlnlzed; will be sold this week.' An-
•ply for full particulars to KING & McNALLY,
630 Market st.
1 PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS ~" "
AT YOUR OWN PRICE-
SEEOURAUCTMN AD ON OTHER PAGE.
EASTON, ELDRI DO <fc CO. . . .
OAFKR, AND MORE PROFITABLE . -■•-■',
° " _____ THAN BANKS.
k^97^A COR POINT LOBOS AND 20TH
|V--lUV. ayes.: 53:4x100; sewered; ready to
. ■2'ffi proved; has fine future.. - . .
VM *SOA ANO 1 CLE ME NT- STREET COR-
«fc.i OUU. ner; 30x100 -
#1 800 EXCELLENT BUILDING LOT ON
2^____LH_J3-£_? Gale aye -5 -levatea; good
dralnaee; 25x137:tt; part cash.
H. E. POEHLMAN. leal E,tate Agent,
- ' 415 Montgomery st. • '
_W_ai_Sift€_wraßß
a. ujtiiLjiAH .IB. 15 (>rant aye.
\U ILL BUILD .», UOCBEH A PLATS
"^ iO Z es ,? r , !ces for c » Bhor instaltmntsonyour
I>ln >'rvs ; rirv n L Btl !2 l: ca " --<» examine plana
CAN _-INhr_,l>, Builder, 630 Market street. ■
'/■■' : -'.i CITY BE AX ESTATE.
MADISON <fc BURKE., HEAL ESTATE
'Agents; established 1858; 626 Market su
000 JONES, NR. O'FARRELL; 3
I td>±^i.\J\j\j. new flats: rented to one tenant;
small outlay to turn into store and 2 flats. •
P EDUCED: $15,000: BUSH, NEAR DUPONT:
xV 2 stores and lodging-house; 41 :6x63.
pALIFORNIA, BET. LARKIN AND POLK;
V fine residence: 8 moms and bath; lot 25x87:6.
ffIjQAAA FILLMORE, ' NR. MCALLISTER;
•jrOU'JU. elegant flats, renting for s6s; lot 25x
fl^Qfinn CLAY-ST. CORNER. NB. STOCK-
«U)_)DV/U. ton; annual rent $408.
€;*1 d Ann BUTTER ST., NR. WEBSTER:
«IpxU.UUU. double lot, 50x137:6; ' four new
flats; paying over 9 per cen:.
<S7^nfk REDUCED FROM $9000: PARK
rjp I OUU. residence; N. side Fell St., near
| Broderick; 9 rooms and bath: 25x137:6. ,
§f<f\(\n PAGE, NE AR BRODERICK : REBI-
U UUU. dence of 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x
87:6. :.-■;:; ._■ ..- ■
©-Ann residence: SOUTH PARK, nr.
♦4T-H"UU. Third St.; 12 rooms and bath rents
$40; lot 23x137:6.
© P\Hnn 4 FLATS: STEVENSON ST., NEAR
55OUUU. Ridley: rents $44: lot 26x77:6;
street accepted. MADISON <_ BURKE.
<S±QQf\fl CALIFOKNIA-ST. COTTAGE, NR.
tIpOCUU. 3d aye.: 6 rooms and bath; in a rap-
I idly Improving neighborhood. .
QiQ^nn ALABAMA, NR. 21ST; MODERN
«IpO _>U*J. cottage; 5 rooms and bath and base-
ment with 3 rooms; lot 25x100.
riLEMKNTINA ST.. NR. 4TH.; TENEMENTS;
\J rents $47; lot 25x80; only $3500.
QQnnn RENTS $336 PER ANNUM; 3
tjPOU'J'J. flats; Natorua. nr. First; 23:6x75.
QiOQfin ARMY, NEAR DOLORES: COT-
C--OU'J. tage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 26x114.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
25x137:6; Jackson, near Baker; must be sold
at once. •
Corner California and Locust; 37:6x107:7; make
any offer. , • '- -.;'.»"
$8500— Pate su, near Baker; 75x137 :6.
60x190; Waller, near Scott; 2 frontages; will sell
in subdivisions.
$4600— 24th. NE. cor. Vlcksburg: 60x114.
66-117:6: SE. cor. Sanchez and 23<L
$3600— Pine st.. cor. Lyon; 31:3x80.
- $-700— Broderick. near liusti; E. side: 30x103.
f 2400— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
i $4000— 1 rvant sU. corner o Harriet.; 26x75. .
! $2200— Lyon. near Grove; 25x100.
$2050— Ridley, near Scott: _5x117:6. ; <
$2000 each— 2 lots on Bush, near Broderick; re-
duced from $3000.
$2000— Capp st.. near Adatr; 25x75.
$1800— Noe. near 18th: 25x110.
$1300— 19 th, near Sanchez: 25x114.
$1000— Hancock, near Sanchez; 25x114.
*800— Pt. Lobos, nr. 28th aye.; .6xloo.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market su .
A. H. Lissak. " ' O. F. Yon KHirs.
OF. YON RHEIN A CO.. REAL ESTATE
. Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 513
California street. ' ' ..
$20,000— Second and Minna: 40x77:6 with an L ;
2 stores, upper flat and rear bouse: rents $117 50.
$7000— I'd su and South Park lane; 45:6x98;
2-story bouse. :
I $6260— Post St.. near Webster; 24x91:6; hand-
I some 2-story residence: all modern improvements;
j 9 rooms ana bath.
' $6750— Green, near Franklin; 28x130; 3-story
; bou-e. 2 flats: 13 rooms; bath.
$4600— Vallejo, near Leavenworth: 43:9x137:6:
! twotront ana one rear house; 16 rooms ana Dath;
| rents $46. ...... ...... .
$-1000— Washington, near Powell; 20x57:6; 8-
; story residence; 10 rooms and ba h; rent $40.
: 84*000— Bryant, near 4th; 20x80; 2-story house'
i of 9 rooms and bath.
$4000— Kearny, near Green; 20x80 to Sonora; 4
fla:s. 1-6 rooms, with stable; rents $39.
$3750— Perry, st;, near Third; 25x75; 2 fiats; 8
rooms and baths: r<nts $33 60.
! $3500— Vallejo St., near Montgomery: 20x187:6;
; 7 rooms and bath; 2 flats; rents $26.
$31OJ— sianviin. near rattan: 80 feet by Irreg-
i ular <!epth; par Willy occupied by house; 5 rooms
' and b h: rent $16.
$2500— Erie su, near Mission; 2-story house: 7
rooms and bath; 25x85; rent $18.
! $2100— Valley su, near Church; 27x114:6; 2
i flats: rents $16 50.
$1650— Folsom St., bet. Union and Jefferson;
, brand new cottage: latest Improvements; 5 rooms
1 and bath: $500 cash, balance $15 per month: 25x70
! $900— Harold aye.: Ingleslde; 26x112:6; cot-
tage 4 rooms; rent $10.
UNIMPROVED.
Valencia, near 25th-sU railroad station; 61x
117 to an alley.
. Fair Oaks and 25tn; 30x100.
23d and Florida: 75x104; will subdivide Into 3
lot-. 25x104 eaih.
$4000— Polk and Union; 27x67; make offer.
$.000— Hancock sU, near Sanchez; 50x114. '
: $1250— Fair Oaks.' near 25th; 26:6x100.
-1200— B and 25tn aye.: 60x188.
KING <_ McNALLY, >-" f ->.U . " :
.^-- REAL ESTATE AGENTS. . ">
630 Market st., opposite Palace Hotel.
$6250— Rents $71 per month; 4 flats;- near
Hai«ht and Ash bur
$2400— Noe st. ; cottage; choice location: very
cheap: ;> rooms an 1 ba li
$1000-Mortgage $3500: lot 30x115; 2-story
j hou-e: dr veway: stable: near 15th and Market.
$2500— Rents $25 per month; front and rear
cottage; downtown location; near Howard and
Seventh sts.
$;J6oo— Rent $40: near Leavenworth and Jack
son: 2 flats; mortgage $.000. . -
$5500— Reuts $53; Pacific st. ; corner near
_la-u>n-. substantial Improvements.
$3900— Rents $36; 2 flats near Halght and Scott
sts.; _sxloo.
$13,500— Make an offer; must be sold; 3 down-
town flats, near . Pow -II and Bush sts.; rents
$112 60: mortgage -5000: will exchange. -
: $11,000— Business corner on Fulton st. ; 25x100;
; st' re and two flats: rents $10- 50 per month. .
$10.000— Howard Bt., near 2d; large house 12
rooms, etc
' S4ooo— Sacramento st., near Stockton; .brick
building. :-'■■•
60,000— Well improved corner on Drumm st.
■ $5600— Devisaderoet. , near Halght: 25:9x106:3;
ho s* 9 looms, bath, etc.
$4100— Rents $27 60; _ new flats: Stanyan st.,
near i\-r_.
$1 50— Cheapest lot near Mission-st. electric line,
25x10J. . . ■
j $650— 5300 cash, $360 bank mortgage: building
lot close to « astro st.
! $3-00— 52500 mor gage: house, 6 rooms, bath,
stable, near Golden Gate aye. and Scott st
$2800— Mortgage' *2000: house, 7 rooms and
ba-.li, near 25th and Howard bis.
$4200— Rents $38; corner on Sacramento st.:
good location. ' . . ■
$3-00— Guerrtrrost., house 8 rooms and bath;
mortgage »'l 700.
$5500— $61 per month, 2 stores, _ flats,
and rear tenement; terms easy.
$-300— Only $100 cash required, balance month-
ly, Kllzabetn su. 2-story house, ■ . .
$2850— V3d-st. cottage; 5 rooms, bath, etc.
*8500— Near Ellis and Laguna; lot 28x120 to
rear street; 3 flats; rents $70 50 per month;
choice location.
$2200— Very cheap; cottage 5 rooms, bath, etc.;
York su, near 20th.
KING A McNALLY,
630 Market St., opposite Palace Hotel.
•I "T J. RICH & CO., REAL ESTATE. "
i $3750— The cheapest cottage on Pacific Heights;
I 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x127
j $-501'— su"; moder. residence; near F11I-
: more st. ; 8 ro ms and bath. ■ .'■..'.
»_OOO-2 choice fiats on Steiner su: 6 and 7
j rooms and bath: income $50 per month; must be
sold in account of departure.
$6150— N. sde ot Bush St., nr. Powell:' 3-story
home: rented In flats: Income $54.
$6200— An offer wanted for Pacific Heights resi-
deuce: 7 rooms and bath; lar c lot. ■ :
$6500—2 cuoce flats; Post st., nr. Buchanan;
i lot 27:*xl_7:8V_: present Income $47 60.
800— Buchanan st.vnr.- Broadway; modern
mproved residence; lot 26x91.
1,000— An offer wanted for 3 elegant sunny
flat, in vicinity of sutler and Webster sts.: income
$100 per mouth. ■ ■ .
$12,000— Physicians, attention! 828 Kutterst,
nr. Leavenwonn; 2-story house; 9 rooms and
bath: ti.la property can be made to pay hand-
somely. ..... ■ . ■ . r ' ■ . .
; $16.000— North side of Bush, near Polk- 2
i i two-story hou3es,6 and 7roomsand bath: large 'lot,
, running through to Austin si. : also 2 house-, of 0
| rooms and bath on Austin st. : income. $98 per
| month. • . . ■
' '■ c $18,000-Three elegant" new flats, north side of
■ % «V_; 'M' V Hyde: 23 toonis; income $120.
■ I $17.000— Choice corner on Powell st; lar,je lot;
I ncoine, $16<).
$45,000— Market-st. business property: grand
future; 55 feet front 120 deep "»"" I^' a»---
-$.0.00- Ihree1 hree flats of 21 rooms, north side of
Geary st. aearllyae: income. $112 per month-
splendid locality for physician '
Price reduced-Pacific av-. and Webster sts.:
fine corner residence: lot 31:6x104; marine view-
street work all done: cable-car facilities tlrst-class'.
Scott and sacra memo sts.— Corner lot. 10Jx87:6.
Page St., near Webster— 1 heap; lot 26x95 ' '
Van Ness »ve.— >lne residence; lot 35x125;
street bitnminize»l. ■ ."'
Franklln-st. corner— Lot 45x110: marine view
Call at our office for complete list of bargain/in
residence, business uropertles and building lots
- A. J. RICH A CO., Real Estate Agents,
'■■•-,•■ ."'■■■■.■.:'■» - 112 Montgomery street.
OR $11, WORTH $25, PRETTY SOLITAIRE
i diamond stud. See it at uncle Harris 1
15 Grant aye. ; - . -.;, '
■ fflj I (la CASH DOWN AND BALANCE
tjp 1 v/"-» monthly. will secure the best 4-room and
bath cottage in . the , -Mission: ' price ' and locally
considered; take ' the Mlssiou-sU cars • to Persia
aye. (ingleeide branch),*. walk to Edinburgh su
and Persia aye. ;< open all day. Sunday. E. __
LO.sG, 3-07 Twenty-second si., cor Mission.
&i; HAH IMPROVED CORNER ON
tJT± O.yjyjyj ■ Leavenworth at. ; rents for $149
per month; this is a fine neighborhood and there
is nothing that will compare wi.li this lor pri c.
$1800— Fulton; BU, near -i yon; - lot W6x 137:6;
street bltiti: imzed; ■ this Is a snap and can be had
on installments. ■ •- ' • : ■ ;.■ - v >;■ • .
■ Cheap lots on 45th aye., bet. J and X Rts. : near
the park. J. W. WRIGHT <_ CO., b2B Market st.
ipOR $ 6. WORTH »100. B AUTIFUL SOLI-
-1 tale ■ diamond screw* earrings. See them at
UNCL-. HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. ; . ',*-.;« -
lISSION.RKSIDhKCE... »••: t"i. - ■-■■-..■
SACRIFICE FHKE; EAI"»Y TERMS.:
, KEE OUR AUCTION AD ON OTHER PAGE.
i '•: EABION, ELDRIDGE A CO.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896.
city reai. ■ ESTATE.
ALD WIN ammond! : ~£™
:.« 10 MONTQO_IEttY ST.
IAAA cottage 5 ROOMS AND BATH,
«_?■-■* '""• hot and cold water, etc., and 2 lots,
25x137:6; on Golden Gate aye., near, Ist aye. ;
must be sold; make an offer.
" WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
C*('Xf\f\ DEVISADEKO ST.. NEAR SAC-
f"J)Uc)UU. rameuto; 2 bay-window flats, 6 and
7 rooms: rent $5- 50; lot 27x110.
PAYS OVER 10 PER CENT. '
<BilO £fifl RENT $1260 PER ANNUM; 4
O ' — . _»UU. modern flats In best portion of
Leavenworth st.; alwa.*s tented. . . •. ..
AN OFFER WANTED.
Q79fifY HANDSOME -MODERN RESI-
»3* • Z.\J\J. dence on Clayton St., 1 block from
-olden Gate Park; contains 1 2 rooms, bath, hot-
air furnace, etc. ; mortgage $3601): might exchange
equity for cottage or well located lots.
a great BARGAIN: near fifteenth
AND VALENCIA STREE IS.
»£97aa cottage OF .10 rooms . and
C-- I UU. bath; lot 30x100; tais is a snap.
A FORCED SaLK; MAKE AN OFFER.
CMnnn 2-story building, contain-
is?*t\i\J\J. tog 2 nrw flats, 5 and 6 rooms and
bath each; lot 25x133; on Sacramento St.; rent
$37 60.
FINE INVESTMENT.
CJ9H AAA MORTGAGED: FOR $19,500;
■ <P--'-'.UUU. Clay st., b t. Montgomery and
sansome; splendid 3-story and basement brick
but dine: first and second floors and basement
rented at $125 a month; third floor vacant; size
Of lot 36x59:2.
A GOOD BUY.
a»9K C\(\(\ MOKTGAGED FOR $22,600:
tip-. tJ. UUU. Montgomery St., nr. Sacramento;
good 3-story brick building: will rent for about
$175 a month; size of lot 29:6x60, with use of
alley- way.
■ FINE FLATS.
'ftQT^A "^EAR COR. OF WASHINGTON
•(rC • O\J. and Mason sts.; 3 fine new flats of 7,
7 and 8 rooms and bath each; rent $95; always
rented.
MISSION COTTAGE. •
ffIJOIAA 18TH ST.. NEAR CHURCH; COT-
<_}--_. tage of 4 rooms and bath, etc.; lot
25x100; one-halt cash.
■' ■ . ■ " '■' if* '■' -___-__ * ' . " ■ '
DOWNTOvVN INVESTMENT.
Q9Q fiArt MAKE AN OFFER; DRUMM
i®£OiO\J\J. St., near Market: 2-story building;
stores and rooms above; mortgage of $7600 can
remain.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
©CKAH O'FARRELL ST., NEAR LARKIN ;
ap\J*J\J\J, 2-story residence of 7 rooms and
bath; lot 24x91.
. GOOD INTEREST. . /
mA^\C\(\ STEVENSON ST.. NEAR 13TH;
vP^.O\J\J. 2-story house, containing 4 3-room
flats; rent $44;. 10t 26x80.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATa
<?£!/! AAA .MCALLISTER ST.. BETWEEN
«_5 I _.UUU. Pierce a d Scott; 4 modern flats
of 6 and 7 room* an, l bath, etc., each; lot 50x100;
rent $1440 per annum. . .'
SEND : FOR PRINTED LIST.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
.10 Montgomery st.
ONLY A FEW DAYS LEFT. "
PRICES TO BE RAISED ON DECEMBER 1,
15 LOTS SOLD •
-' . IN ■ -. .
12 DAYS.
The prices of dll unsold lots in the blocks boundad
by S:anyau, Frederick, Cole, Stirader and Beuiah
streets, will be raised 5 per cent on December 1.
The prices now are 20 per cent cheaper than any
other lots In the entire section. This Is one reason
for our effecting the sale of 15 lots In the last I-
days Another reason lor the rapid sale Is the
desirability of the property, which faces the parK,
and ha.sunc-qua.fd car lacilitiea. It is also near
the site of th - Affiliated Colleges, and is in a
neighborhood which is rapidly bein? improved.
Be sure and see these lots at once. Remember th«
best lots are apt to go firs U •< ihe prices wi.l surely
be raised on December 1. You can buy a lot lor
$1-50 A D UPWARD
on your own terms call or send for a diagram
with prices. . Don't wait. Take np this proposition
at once. . . . , ,
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
/CHEAPEST LOTS IN RICHMOND.
\J ONLY 8 LEFT OUT OF 50.
<ai7fWl 50 CA>H; $10 MONTHLY WILL
«5P I \J\J. my a lot 25x120 on llihor 12th ayes.,
near California St.; the lots are level and the
street woc£ is done: three different car lines near
the property. BALDWIN <t HAMMOND,
. .■ . ■ -. ■-■•■■ ' • .10 Montgomery St.
GO TO-DAY. ■'"•'. .-. .-. '' " •
SEE THE BLOCK. • v '
BOUNDED. BY J- AND I STS.; 9TH AND
■»-> 10th ayes.; lots $750 upward; t<\rms $50 cash,
$10 monthly: streets On official grade: wo will ar-
range to build' a cottage on one of these lots on
very easy Installment-; see us about it.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
■'. - ' ■-.- : ■ y : ■< . 10 Montgomery st.
BOVEE. TOY A SONNTAG, ''
REAL ESTATE, AGENTS.
Rents collected and full charge taken of property.
30 Montgomery su.,-.
PINE ST., NEAR MASON; 10 ROOMS AND
J- bath; for sale at a bargain. . .
<41l A AAA BUSINESS PROPERTY ON
«4pj-tr.UUU. sntterst., near Larkln; rents $90.
Q»Q7f;n DESIRABLE LOTS ON WEST
• . v I OU. side Laguna st. .near Page; ready to
build on. .
<S7^on LOT SW. CORNER PAGE AND
«S5 i O\J\J. Laguna; size 37:6x100; lino neigh-
borhood for residences.
©1 ft P;nn MCALLISTER ST.. WEST OF
«IT I \J.O\J\J. Gough; store below and flats
above;. rents $110 per month; lot 34:11x100; a
good investment. .
Oj_>r.AA NAIOMA ST., BET. 6TH AND
<iP*J<J\J\j. 7th: tenement property; rents 834-
-lot 25x75. _'
LOT ON W. SIDE OF FILLMORE ST., N. OF
Sutler; 60x190; make offer.
"JCQAAA FILLMORE ST., NEAR GREEN-
tIDOUUU.a new modera residence; Just fin-
ished ; marine view.
•VTEW RESIDENCES ON WEBSTER ST
xVbeU Grepn and Vallejo; fine marine view
latest style improvements; hardwood finish; open
for inspection to-day.
BOVEK. TOY A SOXNTAG, 30 Montgomery
CAFE- BROS., ~ ~ ~~~- ~ ! ~^
REAL ESTATE BROKERS ■
. AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
©QCAA. FOUR 2-"TORY HOUSES. RENT-
t®OO\J\J. ing for $75 per month, south line
Pine St., east of Polk.
©99R PER FRONT FOOT— 30-FOOT
tJP-i-'iU lots on Van Ness aye., near Green st. ;
Van Ness aye. paved with bituminous rock; ma-
rine view.
ffi>9Qon GREEN ST., NEAR OCTAVIA;
tJD^OUU.- 25:10x137:6; street work done;
grand marine view.
ffIfPAAA LYON ST.. NEAR PINE: ONE-
<3)OUUU. story cottaee of 4 rooms; bath and
basement; street macadamized and sewered; lot
27:6x93:6; an offer wanted.
A , r EB ST., NEAR THE PARK:
»IP__,U\A/. 25x148; street macadamized and
sewered; an offer wanted. -. . .;
. MCAFEE BROS,, -
■ ; 108 Montgomery st.
Cjl Aft CASH; THE REMAINDER IN EASY
<JPLUV; monthly sums; ire have just perfected
arrangements by which we now have special fa-
cilities for building cozy, comfortable homes for
small monthly payments.' -
ffl»7r;A WE OFFER THIS VERY CHEAP
JIDIOU. lot on 12th aye., near Clement st.; it v
peculiarly well situated on the best side of the best
block la Richmond; come ana see us about it. ■
<3tl 9 OR A SPECIAL PARRAINON
Hsl.&.U\r\J Fntton, near Goush; we wiilgiye
all particulars. '••*- McX wen BKOB., |
• ■ * 1 18 Montgomery 'st..
CHQlfiO CHOICEST RESIDENCE LO-
<J)OIUU. calitv: Liberty st, nr. Guerrero; old
house; 7 rooms; 25x114; mortgage $3000. ■
©A9^A RENT $55; STORK AND THREE
tJT)U_-«MJ. flats: good thing for interest: Fulton
St., nr. Gough: -5x87:6. -
W. H. CRIM A CO., 118 Montgomery su
OR $65, WORTH $120, A BEAUTIFCLOPAt
and diamond ring at UNCLE HARRIS', IS
Grant aye '.- .■--■/_
pAGE-ST. corner RESIDENCE . : —
XOPKN to-day for inspection. ...
see our auction AD ON other PAGE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE a CO. -,;..•: .;-.~"
AKOAI.N6 IN BUILDING LOTH; CONVEy"
lent to car line; from $75 up, on 85 install-
menu JaCOB HEYMaN, 11 Montgomery st.
LOR; SALE-NEW: EASTLAKE - COTTAGE'
1 6 rooms a d bath: cash or installments; easy
terms. 937 Fourteenth ' sU, bet. Noe ■ and Castro
10 minutes walk from City 11 nil. '
,1L' 1 0R.529.. WORTH $70, A 14-KARAT GOLD
x gent's American' stem-winding watch at UN.
CLE HARRIS. 16 Grant aye. ■<■■■■•: -,:..-
"VTOBODY . ' •.■/.-■ ~~~~~~. : — -
--Li -. Can 8"1 you a lot on : the : line of an electric
- ■ road, 26 minutes from the new City Hall.for
S3 DO on terms of $6 rash. $6 monthly, with
' ; . : the street gr did, sewered' and macadamized
-and water- laid. ... r -. ■: . .
Therefore se , me. E. M. LONG, 3207 Twenty.
second st., cor. Mission, r r- - -...*■
ftl ? l(l^ ASHANIJ * 20 -MONTH: COTTAGE
fjpxo\',6 rooms, bath; ail latent Improvements^
mnst, sell. Owner and builder, 332 Jersey su -
LOR $12, WORTH $40, A ,14-KABaT GOLD
x lady's stem-winder American watch at UNCLE
HARRIS', 16 Grant aye. r
CITY ;RE At. ESTATE. ; . .
HANDSOME HOME. " - - *" , .
-.'.:..- PINE ST.. NKAR G.OUGH.
RECENTLY RKDUC ED. ,
<J_IAAAA KINE DOWNTOWN REBI-
«Jr 1 U. UUU. dence of 9room3and bath; beauti-
fully decorated and tinted - throughout; cement
garden and sidewalks: on the north side of street-
house cost over $8250 to build; lo: 28x137:6. •
EASTON, ELDRIDGK & CO . "
638 Market St. .
MODERN FLATS. ~~ ~ •— —
ONLY FIVE YEA R 3 OLD
IN THE MISSION Warm BELT. •■■
Qftl Kf\ 3 HANDSOME MODE .N FLATS
Uluu. of 5 ro 'ms and bath each, near 23d
and Howard sts.; in first-class condition, always
rented. EAbTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
■-.:.• ■-'-'.- 638 Market st.
BIG VALUE. ' ' -. •" ••■ -■ .
OVLY $3500.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
TWO-STORY BAY-WINDOW RESIDENT X; 6
x rooms and bah; Geary su, west of Steiner,
facing Jefferson square; see this for a home.
•< - EABTON. ELDRIDOh & CO.,
■'■'■- 638 Market st.
UST BE SOLD. -."•'•- •■ ■• •. •...,. "
HANDSOME FLATS.
HALF A BLOCK NORTH ' OF MARKET
Q/lPinn A FINE PAIK OF SUBSTANTIAL
«3)3t>UU. flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath In
good condition: lot 25x115 fu; on the north side
of street; street bitumlnlird. .
EASsToN, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
« - 638 Market sU
/CENTRAL LOCATION. — — _
\J FUR A TEAMSTER OR CONTRACTOR,
NEAK 12TH AND FOLSOM STS.
32 IXfin LOT 61x75 FEET; COZY COTTAGE
«35 I«JUU. on west end of lot; 40 feet frontage for
business purposes; streets level and bltuminlzed;
this Is bis value.
EASTON, ELDRIDQE <_ CO., '
' . ..- . 638 Market st.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
COZY MISSION HOME.
MUST BE SOLD THIS VVKEK.
©nnrn HANDSOME BAY-WINDOW COT-
<]?_-__■ »_M /. tage of 6 rooms and bath, on Doug-
lass St.. near _4tti; only 4 years old; cost $3600;
lot 25x125 feet; this is a beautiful home at a sacri-
fice price ; flower garden front and rear.
• EASTON, ELDitIDGE & CO.',
■ ' " . 638 Market st.
SAMPLE FEW. ~~~' "■ -■■' - -
' BIG BARGAINS.
IN DESIRABLE LOTS. ...
<s_f"tnnn ! X - SIDE 41 h ST., 55 ft. B. OF
tJpUUUU. Welsh: lot 25x110, with L 30x55
feet fronting on Welsh st.
d»QfVAfv N. SIDE STEINER;
«3)OUUU. 25x137:6; fine site for flats.
©9fiOn n. side page ST., nr. shra-
«jp_£OUU. der; 23x137:6: near the park.
<S9^nn BUSINESS PROPERTY ON 24TH
•Jp__OU'J. St., nr. Folsom; 37:6x100; this is big
value. ' . . .
<D 1 Q9R GOLDEN GATE AYE., NR. BA-
«Jp±O___). kerst.; 25x137:6: fine home site.
©17PA PBEBIDIO HEIGHTS LOT; CLAY
«3)1 I OU. St., nr. Maple; 25x127:8.
CM Knft SUNNY SIDE POINT _,OBOS
«3pxt)UU. aye., nr. 221: 40x100; cheap lou
x_» 1 9nrv 3 FINE LOTS ON BENNINGTON
«H5__.U"J. aye., nr. Cortland; double frontage.
©1 (\f\f\ EACH— SAN JOSE AVE..NR. 29TH
m l"'Ul/st.; 5 lots ready for Dullalng; will sub-
divide. ■__-
CQHA NE. COR SILVER AYE. AND
©OUU. Craut st.; 50x107:3; Collega Home-
stead. - ; : : . : ,V- ■ j'< "-■ ■■■iy/ ! I\-'
<C/ 19£ 17TH AYE., NR. CLEMENT ST.;
<$)7t£O. sewered; very cheap.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
, . 638 Market st.
I OHN I'FORR, »29 MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
O Safe DbDoslt. offers for sale:
$6000— Nice bay-window house on Buchanan
I street: rent $40. -
KBSOO-Two 2-story double flats. 2% blocks N.
of Market st. and lnrge lot; rent $70; good invest-
menu'
$6500— Nob Hill Hence: modern built and
arranged; half block from Hopkins' Art Institute.
$27,600— 1-.x<e lent corner; Mission st. : 65x100
with improvements; 8 stores and 3 flats and 2
cottages: rent $2.56 per annum.
Reduced to $14.U0U — Splendid Investment on
Mission su, near new postoflice; will be very vain- '
able. ■ .. .
$20.000— Splendid corner on Steuart st. ; lot
45:10x43:10: always rented.
$6200— Business property on Geary su; rent
$47 M s.orc below and flats upstairs.
• I,7so— Downtown business property; ' rent
$160. . ...
$7760— Page street, opposite Panhandle; splen-
did house 8 rooms: mortgage $4000 may remain.
000— Business property; stores and ' flats ;
pay I $300 per month. - . . .
$10,000— Sixth st.; substantial 3- story house;
12 rooms; oath; brick foundation: lot -5x160.
$3000— 7 th su. near isrannan; lot 25x75, with
Improvements; renting at $30. ' ;: .". .
. . UNIMPROVED. - i •
. t Sl oo— Fine corner lot on Fillmore street, ..
. 810,000— FuU block In University Mound TracU
$800— Noe St.. near 80tb; lot 36:6x76. . ...- . '
A" 11. SPKtK A CO., 602 MARKET ST. ,
• Our name signifies solid investments.
v>-.;< Our name signifies solid investments.
1 IIKAP.
CHEAP.
$350 — Lot near Jones st. .
fir- 00- Lot on Halght st. : 25x120.
$2000—2 good flats on a car line,
i $3100—2 11 flats, half block from Geary- sU cars.
$4000— Corn- store property: car line; lot 50 xfcO.
S5OJO— 3 brand-new flats, near Page and Web-
ster Its. ' ■ . . .
$4000— 6-room, elegant cottage and stable : West-
ern Addition. ;
• $6-00—3 elegant flats on Golden Gate ay.: rents.
. $64.
$10,000— Business property on Hayes St., near
Market. ■ -'
$600 rent a month— Offer wanted for this fine
business property, near the Ba dwln Hotel.
O her bargains at A. .M. SPECK <fc CO.'S, 603
Market su . . . . . . :
vy ANTED— TO PURCHASE ON EASY TERMS
'» modern 5-room and bath cottage: stable at-
tached r.nd driveway: in Mission warm belt: price
not to exceed S-250. ■ Home, box 81, Call Office.
OMES $500 CASH; 2-STORY, 7 ROOMS,
batn, gas: hand- frescoed: open dally ; $3600;
easy terms: sunny side Geary a  near Cook.
FOR »i 5, worth" $40. BEAUTIFUL to_i-
X talre diamond' ring, nice holiday gift, at US-
CLE HARKIa', 15 Grant aye.
MALL NEW SUNNY HOME: OPEN TO-
-0 day; easy payments. D. PRATT, Fruitvaie sta.
HOW ' KD-BT. RESIDENCE. ~ " "~
MUST BE SOLD. *
RKK OUK AUCTION AD ON OTHER PAGE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE CO. ; ,
ffl.l)l/|n 6-ROOMED COTI AGE. .-■-.- ■ r
J.UU. 850— 4-roomed cottage.
Take Howard-su cars to Potrero aye., walk two
blocks east on 24th su; large lots: easy terms. F.
NELSON, builder.
T/OR »30. WORTH $60, ELEGANTSOLITAIRE
x 1 diamond .ring, fine Thanksgiving present, at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
" BEAT BARGAIN: PACIFIC HEIGHTS:
\J 2 new bouses; all modern Improvements;
lighted by electricity or gas; will sell cheap; fine
marine view; 'conservatory. Fliimore and Green.
Apply BOVKE. TOY & TAG, 30 Montgomery.
SOL GETZ & BRO.. REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
0 Boom A, first floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR : PARK LOTS!
I RICHMOND LOTS AT' VERY LOW PRICES.
Never beforo were such bargains offered.
QIAA * 150 - $250— LOTS FOR : BUILDING;
I O -I. UU. no grading; near Mlsslon-sU and ban
Mateo car lines; only $5 monthly payments. ..
fl_7(\ TO $760— LOTS NEAR .ELECTRIC
<O 1 _». car lines: Golden Gate Park; new col-
leges; splendid view of ocean, music stand; $5
' and $10 monthly installments. •' . . - - ....
, ' Call for maps and diagrams. ■
1 • . SOL GETZ <_ BRO.,
Room A first floor, Crocker Building,
'. {'MALL HOMES: NEAR CARS; $10 PER MO.
: O THE 'cCaRTIIY CO.. 646 Market su
C. BEMIB, ~ ~^ ■- ■'■• ~~ ■.- ~ ~"-
-• iIKAL KSTATIS AND LAND AGENT,
. . 824 MONTUOMJ_ttVd_,
i FOR SAL..':
fSGOO-R. *\«« of stanyaa st, bet. Carl and
.Frederick; 26x100 feet. : *
$450— San Carlos Villa lot; 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson «., overtook-
-as the Presidio and bay. :
$6000—2 modern booses of 8 rooms each, at
1 parK: 25x187 :«HM; electrio road passes house*;
make offer.
, $W6oo— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl si v ■•
SUW>— Choice buUding lots north of Dark.
1 . Bargain— BW. cor. Fifth ay. and c su: 109x95 ft.
JUST COMPLETED—
Choice modern bay-window : cottage on the NW.
• cor. of 22<1 and Sanchez sts. For terms, etc., apply
> QfTOBIN <fcJ>lcN ALLY, 630 Market at, . .
ÜBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSKB BUILT;
$160 to $276 a room;, parties contemplating
building invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
tl (lIIA COTTA«'E » ROOMS IN . B£K-
. <JllUUU.:keley: lot 40xl80:;$15 monthly <
$1000— Corner 100x100; $50 down: $15 monthly
$400— Lot 40x120; -25 down: $-6 monthly. -■•
$.00— Half acre bill land: $10 monthly. :
CUAS. A. BAILEY. 20 ; Montgomery sU '•■'
•/'■".' -J ATTOKNJ-VS-AT-LAW. ■ •
A DVICE FREE— DIVORCE. LAWS A BPECI-
iv ally; private; no charge unless successful; all
" lawsuits, cl-ims. collections, wills, deeds; etc., at-
tended to. G. « . HQWK, atl'y-at-law. 850 Markeu*
W. KING. CHRONICLE BLDG; CONSUL-
. Utlon free: probate; all cases: fees low. . -< >:
INOORE' «_ MALCOLM, -ATTORNEYS AT
law, 1 room 431 Parrott building (Emporium).
DVICK FRKK: NO CHARGE • UN LESS SUU-
. r»>_sful. W. W IiAVI"-'A. 927 Markets-.
M.11..M. )lAtlll.N_.S. \
E WING V.V MA CH INEs" bought^ I ' , SOLD,
rented and repaired. 145 sixth st. : -
v* LL KIND 6 BOUGHT, ISOLO, EXCHANGED,
J\. rented .repaired; lowest rates, 205 Fourth su
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO. , ■ ■
DAVID BUSH, Manager Country DepartmenU •
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
mo LEASE— STOCKMEN. ATTENTION; - 20,-
-x tJOCI acres; . 6 ml es from banta Ynez, 7 miles
from Los Olivos, Santa KurbaTa County: all well
fenced; well wooded and watered from creek and
sprin-a; about 2000 acres level tannin-- land;
houses, barns, corrals, etc. ; one of the best stock
ranches ln'tne State will lease for a f;rm of years;
rent $&000 per annnm. '
Qj; _mn FOR 15 ACRES IN OAKWOOD COL-
tD OUU ony tract, near Red Bluff; • all level or-
chard land. . • >■ ■■■-■■'■ ■ •• •
ffl.-rw\FOR 'FO ACRES NEAR CLOVER-
tPJI/U dale, Sonoma Cocnty; ' well woodeJ and
watered; all good land ; no improvements.
SI 9fin FoR 12 ° ACRES 4 MILES FROM
«Jp I __UU KtnnerforJ. Napa County;. 2") acres
cleared and improved: -orchard and vineyard:
good bouse, barn and chicken-houses; plenty of
wood and water. • " ■ ;
I(!9AAA ■: 19 ACRES NEAR NOVATO, MA-
tSi£\J\J\J. rln County: all good grain: level
grain land: good house, barn: ail the stock and
tools go with the place; good poultry place. .'-.-*
..jn|,A UO > ACRES— 2 MILES FROM
tJP-tl'Ul/. Santa Rosa, at Bellevue station; 7
acres in orchard. 1 acre In vegetables, balance all
level orchard 'or grain land; good hard-finished
louse, barn, 'chicken-houses, incubator, broo ier-
house, all furnished complete/and a 1 t_e agricul-
tural implements, wagons and harness go with the
p. ace; a great bargain.
Q»A PER ACRE— .OR FINE STOCK. RANCH
♦3) .1 of 5000 acres near E ien Valley, Mendocino
County: 1600 sheep, 70 head of cattle, with ail
the agricultural implements, house, barn, corrals,
etc., go with the place.' ' >
©-PER ACRii-IOR 7000 ACRES . FEAR
O*-' Los Olivos, in Santa Barbara County/; good
improvements: we 1 fenced, w-ll wooded and
watered: about 700 ac es of level bottom farming
land: one of the best sioc*. ranches in the State.
TITE HAVE SEVERAL FINE RANCHES FOR
» » rent In the bay counties for cash rental, and
one of 1400 acres near Biigs, Butte County, all
level grain land, to rent on crop shares. ■
IfOR SALK OR LEA THE OWNER WILL
. sell or lease residence with. 12 rooms, partly
tarnished, with about 2 acres of land highly lm-
pioved ; situate In East Oakland on electric road
: within 10 minutes walk :rom Twenty-third ou
station, broad-gauge railroad; rent moderate and
pries reasonable. For further particulars apply
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
Mil KK.\* RANCH To LET; -4 ACRES;
\J nicely Improved ; Inside city limits; $150 per
year. G. C. YOUNG, Petaluma. :
ARM THAT PAYS 12 PER CENT NET ON
the investment; 80 acres highly improved: 25
acres wine grapes: 80 acres orchard; ail vines and
trees In Hire, healthy condition aud full bearing;
sprint; water; good bouse 6 rooms and bath: small
house for men: large barn; personal 1 roperty:
a forced sale; price $ 12,000. EDWIN K. A LSI P
«- CO., 29, second floor Mills build Ids.
ACRIFICE SALK— SIXTEEN ACRES FULL-
O bearing vineyard; best varieties; surrounded
by fruit, olives, . ornamental trees: gently
sloping; deep; rich soil; grand view; i^nours'
ride from city ; close to station (and college): ele-
gant 8-room cottage; mantels, bathroom, hard fin-
ish; .large sub-cellar, chicken yard,' stable, fine
water, windmill; c lmate unsurpassed: sea breeze,
mountain air; building cost $3-50; price only
250; part cash. Owner, 47 South Park.
\|ARIN CO.; 3000 acres; 26 miles from city;
ix lots any size; fruit, grain, vegetable land ; rail
or water transit; $40 to $75 per acre; eron to
suit SYNDICATE IN V'T CO., 65 Chronicle bldg.
A LAMEDA LAND COMPANY IS SELLING
A the cheapest fruit, vegetable and grain land
ever offered in Alameda county in small tracts; 1
mile from. Pleasanton, IV_ hours from San Fran-
cisco; price $.0 to $40 per acre: half cash; owner
must sell; title perfect; investigate. :67 Chroni-
cle building. ■ .
END FOR ILLUSTRATED CIRCULARS AND
0 pamphlet of California lands for sale by It
FRANCIS, rovms 69-70-71, Chronicle building,
Ban Francisco, Cal. ' ' '. _^
IITLE HOMES, CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre piece-
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City: every Monday at 632 Market St.. S. F.
~ ~ ;>i < ; .\ */v to loa>7~
Q *-?firi finn TO wan ; per 'cent-
«3)OUU.UUU city realty, also Oakland; bank
rates; life Insurance, undivided estates. SHAIN-
WALD, BUCKBEE «t CO., 218 Montgomery st.
ADVA>CES -ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
Jewelry; also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN ' JEWELRI
STOKE, 948 Market st. ; open evenings.
NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D;OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
T OANS ON REAL ESTATE FIRST OR BEC-
JLi ond mortgages, and furniture or 'pianos, any
amount; lowest rates. BECKEK, 328 Montgomery
•£9A AHA TO LOAN IN SUMS TO SUIT ON
iDiu.UUI! city real estate. M. B. LEVY, 11
Montgomery st. : ■. ■.
C£Ci& AAA INTRUST AT 6 X ON REAL ES
tjpUcl.vlUU tate 2d mortgage, on pianos _ furni-
ture; no attorney's fee. Isaacs, 240 Montgomery.
VI ONKY . LOANED ON. JEWELRY r ANT
i<l other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
HC6Market st.,nr.Mason;r>rlvate entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT OX YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
no removal: no delays: no commissions; low
intereau Rm. 68, Donohne bidg. 1170 Market su
ALWAYS ' ON .TOP. FOR.LIBEKAL AD-
/V vances at low Interest; call and be convinced.
Cot-rate Loan Office, rm. 7, Flood bids:, 809 Market
Q'-i9' : \ AAA AT -» AKK RATES: IST AND
it/.UUU 2d morteaees, estates, rents, etc.;
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY, 628 Market su
: ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JEWELRY.F.TC
XV Columbia Loan & (.'ollateral Office, 9 < -runt aye.
RIVATE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOI
-L security; low InteresU N., box 15, Call Office.
NY AMOUNT: LOWEST RATE; IST &2D
mortgage: flat or installment. Dry-den, 535 Cat.
pawnbkokkks.
IGHEST . price" pa id - FOR CABT : OF?
clothing. Conmopo'imn loan Office. 49 Third.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
- OAKLAND' REAL ESTATE.
pioßN ER PROPERT IT ; SAN PABLO AYE.:
\J large lot; store: $2100; very low. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway. Oakland. ■
i- ACKES; CHICKEN RANCH; WALNUT
U Creek; small house and barn; ICO chickens:
only $1000. C. K. KING. 902 Broadway, Oakland
■7O ACRES 15 MILES ; FROM OAKLAND;
• O trade for house centrally located. C.K.KING,
902 Broadway, Oakland.
MONEY TO LUAN IN LARGE AMOUNTS,
good security, at 614 per cent. ALDEN <$
CO., 902 Broadway.
<ftl 9AA A SPECIAL INDUCEMENT OF
<U3-L^-UU. fered in a 6-room cottage: will sell
for $17 50 per month and no cash down to close at)
estate. ALDEN A CO., 902 Broadway, Oa.land.
ODKRN RESIDENCE; CENTRAL; NEAR
station; one of the very best neighborhoods
beautiful house; 8 rooms; bath: cement base-
ment: handsome decorations; 'porcelain bathtub;
gas fixtures Included; large lot; must bo sold;
price reduced to $4000: terms can be arranged.
A. H. BREED <_ CO., 460 Ninth St., Oakland.
LMHURsT LOT 8; JONES TRACT; ON
xj terms; cement walks; 6c fare to Oakland; buy
of owner. See. L. L. M. SALSBURY, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland.br A. JONES, Elmburst. ' : :.
<Dj7^ LOTS AND UPWARD; BUY NOW
«IP 1 O when you can: : but few lots left In the
AUendale tract, situate in Fruitvaie, , adjoining
East Oakland; this Is the only choice property
now being offered in this ;-tate at such low prices;
near a fine school: two electric roads near by and
one will shortly go tt> rougn . this • tract; grand
view:, rare site for a home; drainage perfect:
street all graded; - some ■ macadamized: % home;
now here and others being built; ( terms, $5 casn
$5 -monthly. -468 Ninth St., Oakland. H. Z
JONES, owner. . ■ . :....-■
ITOt FOR fitchburgT .1
' -DAY TAKE YOUR FAMILY AHD
JrBIKNDS OUT ON THE- FITCH-
- UURG, SAN LEANDRO AND
HAY WARDS ■; LOCAL. .
_F»f Southern Pacific Time-Card.
THE FIRST IMPORTANT STOP EAST OI
■ JfBUITVALR IS THE PLACE. FAST-
■ .-" KST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON
THB PACIFIC COAST.: :
DIRECT BOATS AND '1 RAIN B FROM FERRY.
fOOT OF. MARKET STREET, TO
1 . • iITCHBURG STATION IN -
FOKTY-FIVK MINUTEa • ■
• A lameda, Berkeley and 1 Fruitvaie trains singed
by the : Fitchburir * scorcher. \ Hay wards electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes. ■—- -- - - •.■■;
- If you are tired of - life and want ■to get oft th«
earth, stay where you are. - People get well, be-
come cheerful, contented and prosperous in fetich-
burg. ■ : -'-\. ■•..'■' ' - ■. . .-.■ .. c -.. .■-;.- .;.:'.-• /..- ,•
• ' Fltchtrar? Is the most .promising suburb on tha
direct line of up-to-date public and private Im-
provements in - the vicinity - of . Oakland.' It is a
business center by natural location, its railway
' lines now operatlug, deep-water transportation for
freight by Damon's line of - fast-sailing vessels 00
Oakland harbor, and | the I excellent I county ruadj
lending to it, are ; incontestlble proofs."* It'lsrec-i-
-' larly laid out into blocks and lots bounded by wlda
streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen groves
. ; NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY.
For a home i while . cheap; - for speculation on *
rising market; for a mm be . first for Investment
now, and hold on. ' No city taxes to pay; no street
improvements to make. . Water ■ supply . from i
companies ■at your doors. ■"" Lots . in this beautiful
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bought in many of • the ono-Biretn Uacu in
an Inaccessible bayfleld. " : . . , .
' Lots 26 and CO feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
.to parallel street: double frontage. ■ Terms, 10 pel
cent cash; deterred payments in easy InauUtmanta;
UUe perfect. v- 1 . > v- ..-.,-•.-.-::>.-.• J . >*•■- •— - ■. -•.:
- W. F. McCLURK, 1" Montgomery su, S. 6*. - ■
THAR 8. FITCH. Fltchburg. ■ . - - -
:• BI_KKJ_L,K~_ : ■ lUAL -'KSTATIS.'" ; r -■
Q> 1 7tn ;. THE I BARGAIN iOF i THE 'SEA
<_) 1 i OvJ. son; nouse of 6 rooms; large lot
stable, chicken-house: street work done: near sta
tion. ! JOS. J. Mason, Berkeley station. '■•"..*,-;■
VTEW MODERN 5-ROOM COTTAGE, 40x100
xi $1500. $18 monthly: 6-room ■ cottage, 40x80
$850, *15 monthly. F. BOEGLE, Golden Gate,
W. C. MORAN, Lorln. -,
: _LA_ED_ ADVERTISEMENr.
ALAJfEDA REAL FSTATE. ' .
FOR SALE— ~~^~— ™ ~^~-~>~~~~^~^.^^
House S rooms and bath, Central aye.: cottage
' 6 rooms, Everett st. ; on long time and easy terms,
■ or will exchange tor Kan Francisco property.' Ap-
; ply EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
: ■ - . . .638 Market st.. r
; ■ • ' '  Fan Francisco, CaU
, IT OR SALE— S6SOO: OFFERED FOR $4750:
I new modern 9-room house; San Jose aye. ; lot
50x1 sa • . ,
. - Twelve lots on St. Charles St.; mnst be sold;
great bare .
Fourteen lots; iJrlggs aye.: 83x203: only $450 1
each; line investment. E. D. JUDD, 1424 Part j
su, Alameda. . . . . • ■ '
AN EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY FOR
. investment of a small capital In Alameda, with
positive ' net return of. 10 per cent per annum: . 4
new 5-room cottages in 11 first-class locality; • mid-
way between narrow and broad gauge stations and
within half block , of business street and electiic
railway: artesian well: gas-engine anJ mill; posi-
tive sacrifice; no offer within reason refused. < For
', further particulars address A. K. DEN 1503
Seventh st . Alimie'lH. ■' -
-•_iO±*_-_iXV 1U UkUANUK.
OTtCaCRE B AN^H7s^NTTc^U^^O?rrs3iHoO
-- I 10-acre ranch near San Jose.... 5.000 !
8-r' om house and lot San J05e..... 3.500 ■
900-acre ranch in Santa Clara Co 40,000 j
S-room house in Belmom. San Ma:eo C 0... 3,000
I 20 bouses in Oakland from $500 to - 8.000 I
15 houses in Berkeley from $200 to 10,000 !
. " I HAVI3 ALL KINDS OF PROPERTY,
. WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER? . '
" H. C. DECKEU,.IOiO Market st., opp. Fifth.
OR GOOD . RANC H. CONTRA COSTA
County preferred. 2 double flats, lot 50x125,
well located in Oakland; rents $50 per month;
value 6000: bank mortgage $2800. WM. J. DIN-
GEK, 460 Klghth St., Oakland.
, LOR HOUSE IN OAKLAND OR ALAMEDA—
- x a modern cottage, 6 rooms and bath In San
. Jose; lot 42x140; value $3000; clear. WM. J.
DINGEE.46O Kighth St., land.
VICE EAST BERK KLEY CORNER HOUSE
; i-'i for S. F. house or lots. B 4. Call, Oakland. . ■
TVJEW HOUSE AND LOT: SUNNY SIDE; SALE
' XI or exchange for vacant lots. Inquire 329
; Thirteenth st. '
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 for sale. WOOSTEit & WHIT TON, San Jose.
np_Mß___— lBBo ACKES; KERN CO.; PLENTY
1 J wnter: excellent woe 1 -: r»t|, m. N. box 16. c ■'■
I " I
; ' HOUSES TO CJCT.
pekby™si^ Fcst^^off
' «3D I .O\J. Fourth — House of 3 rooms; water
free. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN <t CO., 14 Mont-
gomery st. ■. ■ ' ' " .-: ■ s i
' n BOOMS AND BATH; NEW; ALL MODERN
. I improvements; large yards aDd stable; online
■ of cars; Twenty-fourth and Treat: rent $-2 SU.
TO LET— MODE HOUbK.. OF 7 ROOMS
and bath; rirsi-clais neighborhood: rent $22 50;
! water free. C. V. GIBBON^, 841 1 app st.
1 TAV LOR— SUNNY HOUSE: 10 ROOMS
-I KJtJK) and bath; fine view: rent reasonable.
. If\ I Q WEBSTER— 6 ROOMS: BATH: YARD;
i _."_> I V cellar; sunuy; rent cheap. .
; IC 09 TURK— 2 COTTAGES OF 3 AND 4
J O — _- rooms: large stab shed; yard.
[ ICE HOUSE; 6 ROOMS, BATH; CHKAP.
I X> 429 Thirteenth, bet. Valencia anil Guerrero.
UN.NY BROOM HOUSE; RENT REASON-
O able to good tenant. 1514 Broadway, near Van
" Ness aye. , . .■ . ' . ' ■■." ■' :. ' „ ,
C«9r\ WHOLE HOUSE: 6 ROOMS, BATH.
- tjp._j*U". 2814 Laguna 8.., near Union. .
HEAP RENT; 4 ROOMS; FINE BASE-
\J merit; yard, etc.; 721 Fourteenth st nr. Mar-
ket (in rear). BALDWIN. <_ HAMMOND, 10 j
- Montgomery st. • . . .
1 9Q OAK, NEAR MARKET— I 2 ROOMS, 3
, —•/ floors, each separate for housekeeping; newly
rapere.il: painted: sanitary plumbing; fine loca-
; tion for renting rooms; cheap rent; go and see it,
OUSKH TO li-NT FUli VKBV LITTLH
money at BALDWIN _. HAMMOND'a 10
! Mnntromerv cf. ■ .
. IIKMSHED HOUSES.
i \ URxisHED "FLAT— FOUR ROOMS; BATH;
■ . ' modern; sunny corner; Thirteenth and Guer-
rero sts .near Market: fine location; rent $25.
IN CON HILL-FURNISHED COTTAGE TO
let; 5 rooms and bath. M. E. H.. box 88, Call.
OUSEOF 8 ROOMS; COMPLETELY FUR-
-1 JJL nished; $100; rent $25. . 937 Mission st.
i pO;.IPLETELY FURNISHED, IN WESTERN
r \J Addition, 8 rooms, bath, etc., to lease for 3
. months at less than half rental: good care of 1
. premises desired. Apply MADISON & BURKE,
r. 626 Market s'.
L ' I
cottages to LIST.
'V^wl.V'BXN^V~_^FrD^6YFA^_nT-1007-S*,
* J. < oath: $18; modern improvements; water free.
1 1705 Ellis St., near Stelner. . . : -.^-t '■.-'
_ 971 A BRYANT — COTTAGK, 6 ROOMS;
.' — 1 bath; laundry; stable; nice garden;
.* vacant Dec. 1. "•■ ■ -. -. . ■. -
'' ~\TEW COTTAGE: HKifl BASEMENT, YARD
' i.l and water. 217 Parker aye.
" (Jtff-CA AND $9; COTTAGES, 3 AND 4
»J) I . t)\J rooms: good orJer • water free ; Apply
V premises, 945 Bryant St., or UMBSEN <& CO., 14
. Montgomery st. . \ '
■ (2j-| O COTTAGE; 5 ROOMS: BATH; BASE-
; rniO. ment; yard. 131- Valencia.' ■ "
J A LAMEDA, 1528 MACPHERSON ST., NEAR
xv stick station, cottage 5 rooms, bath and
- pas; concrete walks, lawn, standard ros 3, orchard;
-> fine neighborhood; rent $18 water free; grounds
cared for.
> Clf\ NICK. CLKAN COTTAGES, FROM $12 TO
. DU *20. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
: \tAKK YOUR R: NT PAY FOR A NEW COT-
-_ tage In the Mission: 4 rooms, bath, wood man-
" tel: $100 cash, balance monthly. K. M. LONG,
■ : .07 Tweniv-spcarnl st. : oflioe oppn evenings.
; ~~ •;■■' x LAIS To L_.T. , "
! "NEW~SUNN V FLAT:" 5 ROOMS XnD
' i.i bath. Corner Grove and Central ayes., near
Golden Gate Park. • . "■■• ' • •■ ■'
QQCI BKYANT— NEW CORNER FLAT OF 6
OOt* rooms and bath; ■ latest Improvements;
rent $.0. .. -->,
- mO UPPER AND LOWER FLAT. 18
, J. Blucon place. ■ . ' ■ . •
FOR SALE— FLAT COMPLETE FOB UUUS-- j
keeping, cheap; Monday 10 to (J. 413y Ivy
r ave. "■'■" - ■'■ -' *■ '•'■ '■■ ' ;.•-■•"•' ■'■•■■
• pHEAP MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6 ROOMS,
. \J $8 to $16; see them. 523 a seventh st. -
• GJI 1 AND BEST IN CITY: 5 ROOMS;
' »jpi I bath and gas. 606e shot well st.
- 09 J WEBSTER.NEAR O'FARRELL— FLAT;
|I »)_«~i 6 rooms and bath; $15. -."
X OWER FLAT TO LET. 310 MASON ST.
r - ■ - -•■'■■■■■••.. •■'■■'. "
1 ffij 1 C FLAT OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH. 129
a (j) 10. Ash aye., off Van Ness, nr. McAllister st.
" 7 NOE— NICE SUNNY FLAT OF 6 ROOMS
• I "and bath. '"
,1 /JQ7I H.AIGHT, FILLMORE— FLAT: 4
. ~10 I' 3 sunny rooms; yard; basement: rent $12.
! O AND 4 , ROOM FLAT; LARGE YARD;
- O stables. 2 Hay ward St., Harrison, nr. Eignth.
- C ROOMS; BATH; CHEAP; GOOD TENANT.
*. «J 3638 Nineteenth st. ,
7 . "I^INE UPPER FLAT 4 ROOMS, BATH:
i x? tiled sink; door-opener, etc.; overlooking pri-
v ate park; on Twelfth su; $-0.
' 4snnny rooms and bath; second floor; clean
a and in good repair: on very attractive private
' street $15. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye. , off
r - Twelfth su • j - ■■'?■■":■■■;■
3 Q.i= GREENWICH— UPPER FLAT: NEWLY
_ V^O renovated: 6 rooms, bath; rent cheap.
: Oil '-> C(V' NEW MODERN 4-ROuM. SUNN !
3 «JpxO._»U. flat. 2974 Twenty-third, near Har-
!« rlson.- .'...■ .:.■■■■....-.■> ■- ■.-.- - , ■
'* mWO- LOVELY FLATS; 4 AND 6 ROOMS;
- xbath and gas; finer yatd;. sl2 and $14; water
free. . 39-8-8900 Nineteenth st., near Noe; cheap-
est flats in the city. . W ; : _________ ;
MODERN, CHOICE, 6 SUNNY ROOMS, $25;
also 4 rooms, $14. Key 1706 Hyde st.
UNNY FLAT 8 ROOMS; 100 FEET FROM
Sixth st. Apply 958 Mission st.
UNNY FLAT 6 Ri'OMS, BATH, STATION-
ary tubs, yard and shed. 537 Howard st.
1 C 4 l U POST— UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
iulU bath. . •■-..-■.--. -- ■ ■
, /COMFORTABLE UPPER FLAT; 4 ROOMS;
\J bath; ti-7 Ivy aye. .Inquire 624 Hayes st. :.
SUNNY FLATS, 3 AND 5 ROOMS;. BATH;
reasonable. 2 and 6 Zoe st., cor, of Bryant. .'
! WANTED AT ONCE— GOOD TENANTS TO
>> rent at reduced rents. . -PECK <_ CO., 602
, Market at. - " • . •■ -. ■ ■.:....■•-
- I/ 1 LA 13 TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
" J? money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
J»:ontrorr'#rv st. HSBSGbMsHSBKSS
I -————■ -_—-_—---■ -——-----_—__ -—-----_____- ____—
* ' .. . liOC__-li.l._.l'l>o KOO_l_.
f ■ '■' , Bugb Street. w^. r "' J < J -'.^ w^.
1 V»9l BUSH — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
• U—X housekeeping, or board >If desired.
, .;'■■ .j Devisadero Street. . . ~T
;• Q 7 DEVISADERO-LaRGE SUNNY COR-
. OO I ncr housekeeping rooms, furnished or un-
r furnished; very desirable; reasonable. ■ ' - j ■
* . > ■••'.'< •'"■/■' i-'\ uuy -.r-i80,,' .-,--. ....■.-. -. ..
i 11 7, EDDY-FURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING
i; xx I rooms; terms reasonable. -,:, ..,:..
J HK LKXI.NUTON, - 212 EDDY — NEWLY
~x furnished housekeeping rooms; '■also single and
, suites ' -. ■ - r ->.- ; ■_• . -,-. ... •. . -.
5 ,'-;.'.;■ . tills Street. ■ .= .; - , » ;
- 91 0 ELLIS-2 OR 3'■ NICELY FUkNISHED
" *-i-«-v/ housekeeping rooms. ; '..:'.. - . ■ .• ..
■ 099 ELLIS (PALMETTO) — ELEGANTLY
; '. *J*i*-j fnrnlsbed housekeeping rooms and hers.
- •' " ."" _ Olden > ate ..\ei.ao. : ;
" R9rt GOLDEN' GATE - PARLOR .' SUITE,
i- U_-"-» complete 1 for housekeeping; . sun all day;
_J $18." ■'■'.'■•"•"'.."■ ■"•/ .'.•:.-■■•■*.- ■'. '-.•: ■ ■■■• ■'.■'' •". ": '."
]• lode Street. .\ :.
• 1 OHO 1 HYDE— 3 1 UNFURNISHED FRONT
__ \J\r\J2 and sunny rooms, with grat*
HOUSEKEEPING i BOOMS — Continued.
. howurit sireuu ... ; .
rio HOWARD— NIUE FURNISHED BOOMS.
0 I • > kitchen attached »nd cooking utensils fur-
nished, $6 to $12: single rooms. SI a week.
r.9XI HOWARD — 2 OK ■» 3 FURNISHED
*-'— tJa'houaeke^pfn.e rooms: cheap. :.■: ;."•: =
QO^Xl HOVVAKD- NKATLY FURNISHED
UOO% housekeeping rooms; terms reasonable.
"1 1 At) HtiWAKD— SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
-» Xrt*. plug rooms; range, water; $10 to #12.
Kearny Street.
KEARNY, NR. SUTTER-5 ROOMS OB LESS;
gas ana water free. Apply 15 Grant aye. ;.
>;O|| KEARNY— 2OrtS JtOOMSI-CKNISHED
~" for housekeeping; coal or gas.
' tarkin Mrees. "
AOQ LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
~*-*J front i and back parlors for housekeeping;
also single rooms. ■ ;
P./U \ LARKIN.COR. OF TUKK— FURNISHED
| *- J " rooms for housekeeping and other rooms. :
. . V,; Martha Place. . • ■' ■;
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, ABOVE
— Large roOm, with stove; cheap.
.■■>■■ .-..:■-• Minna Street.
ICC MINNA— SUNNY FRONT BOOM FOR
LOO housekeeping; $10 month. .
■ — iMIBB ". i «:«.. ■,■ ■ ■ . ...
C/^1 MISSION, KEAK SECOND — LARGE
tJOJ. sunny front room; use of kitchen.
£ >7O MISSION, .NR. SEVENTH— a LARGE
0 i O sunny rooms complete for housekeeping.
Qzi7 MISSION— FUKMSH.D ROOMS, COM-
«7*± I piete for housekeeping, and other rooms.
"I (\t\€> MISSION— SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
iV'UOrooms; hot and cold water; bath; other
rooms. •..:..,*/■.
"1 OX] MISSION, COR. OF NINTH— 2 COR-
X^OX ncr housekeeping rooms; furnished.
1 7J.7 MISSION— SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING.
X Ir± < rooms; $10, $12 and $16.
3 COMPLETELY FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
housekeeping. . 2009 Mitslon Bt., Dr. Sixteenth.
Octavia Street.
1 df) l^. OCTAVIA, CORNER GEARY— BAY-
Xtrv/O window, kitchen; other rooms; ■ gas
stoves: $7 up. ■ . .- _..
Oak Street.
OAR OAK— 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
**i-\j rooms; rent $12. - ....
. ** ' * <irie 1 1 street. ";■'■. .';
4QI OTARRELL — FURNISHED BOOMS
ttO-L for housekeeping; reasonable. ■ .
Pine street.
fl(\(\ PINK-2 NICE SUNNY BOOMS FOB
\J\J\J light housekeeping.
ce>enm shoo;.
3 SEVENTH— 2 OR 3 SUNNY ROOMS; GOOD
location for dressmaker.
/"I IRARU HOUSE, 142 SEVENTH—
vX and kitchens; also single rooms. : • .
, . ■ South ParK.
1(* SOUTH PARK-2 OR 3 SUNNY FUR-
J U niahed housekeeping rooms, «7 to $14: also
single. • 4 .•;.•■
]U SOUTH PARK-SUNNY FRONT PARLOR;
J-O light housekeeping: 2 rooms furnished neat.
Stockton street.
1 70 Q STOCKTON— 2 ROOMS: FURNISHED
X I \JO complete for housekeeping; water and
; sink in kitchen.
isutter Street,
71-1 SUTTER— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
til suite, suitable for gent 1 -man, and sunny
housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
rpD r> SUTTEbTnEAR JONES— NICELY FUR-
i I 0~ . nlshed housekeeping rmst rent cheap ; bath.
OOQI S UTT ER — NEWLY FURNISHED
O~t/;j single or suites: use of kitchen; reason-
able.
lehama Street.
C C TEHAMA, ■ NR. SECOND — 2 SUNNY
00 rooms for housekeeping; nicely furnished.
■T:'JL\'~. Tenth Street. ■•■"•■ .: : ■
m TENTH— 2 HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
J^i also single; gas-stove; cheap. . . .. c
Iliira Stree:. ■
! 1 Z.OI THIRD-NICE SUNNY BOOMS; FUR-
. J-002 niahed for housekeeping; also single;
I cheap.
i FLT (j THIRD — FUKNISHKD ROOMS FOB
; OXO housekeeping; range; running water.
Twenty-sixth Street.
QQ£»7 TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISSION—
OOU I Furnished sunny housekeeping rooms;
yard; $8 and $10. ... . .
•• Van £lesH Avenue.
A O VAN NESS AYE.— NEWLY FURNISHED
r±O housekeeping rooms; also single.
Of\(\ VAN ness AVL. — 2 nicely • fur.
O\J\J nished rooms; also a small room; large
closet In each room; bath; sun all day. .. -
Q-J C VAN NESS AYE.— HANDSOMELY FUR-
O±O nished parlor suite 2 or 3 rooms & kitchen
sun all day; new carpets & furniture, bath, etc. ;
complete for housekeeping; reasonable; also other
rooms furnished, 910 up.
Webster Street.
711 WEBSTaR-SUITE OF PARLORB FOB
111 housekeeping purposes.
'• Vi elsh Street. ■
1,1 91 WELSH ST.. OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 3
11-3 nicely furnished rooms, housekeeping
cheap. ■ B>
KOOAI.S TO : lei. -, ■ ■ ■
Belvedere Street, :
3 BELVEDERE " ST.— NICE LARGE' FRONT
room, • furnished: ' suitable for 2 gentlemen;
terms reasonable. ' ..'■
Bash Street. . ; .
AQ BUSH— NEWLY FURNISHED ROOMS
O\J<7 for young men; $4, $6 and #8; entirely
respectable. " ' . .
797 BUSH— FUKNISUED FRONT ROOM;
I — I llrst floor; suites, single, housekeeping.
California Street. .
1 (V\ CALIFORNIA ST. — NICELY FuE-
-l-v.' i-yJ nished su»ny rooms; board optional.
Dolores Street.
q>-11 3 FURNISHED FOR HOUBEKEEP-
tjpX"X. mg; fine cooKstove. 382 Dolores. - ,
'■t-UUT- Street.
1 1 Q EDDY— SINGLE AND DOUBLE
11 0 rooms: running water; ' for gentlemen-
s6 50 and $10. .--:■■'
Jt-iiiK strna:.
THE RAMOSA, ISO ELMSt; MRK, KATBS.
X HART, manager— A qniet bouse: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator: hot* cold water.
••• i-iKUth Mr«o>. ■
1 Al EIGHTH— FOR RENT. 2 FURNISHED
iv/S rooms for light housekeeping.
HEBMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
0 St., near V arket: • furnished and unfurnished.
I no EIGHTH — BAY - WINDOW FRONT
IvO room, with stove; other sunny rooms: *5 up.
. . ■ iifth Mtee;. •■ ~
Q9K FIFTH— CLEAN, FURNISHED HOUSE-
O^.U keeping: 2, $10; 3, $13: single, *5. '.■■■
' 1 u..nni htree;.
AT "THE BELVEDERE." 606 FOLSOM ST.,
rooms furnished to suit: baths.
.....:. . i mirth Street. .. ...
09Q FOURTH— SUN *V FURNISHED OR
*J£jV unfurnishea rooms for housekeepg; cheap.
"; Geary Street.
AAC GEARY (THE NAVABBE)-FUBNISH-
rJyjQ ed rooms; board optional; folding-bed.. '
£\1 Q GEARY— ELEGANT SUNNY PARLOR
OX O floor; doctor or dressmaker; other rooms.
7QK GEARY — VERY~PLEASANT SUNNY
I OO rooms: with or without board.
OAI GEAt.'Y— NEWLY FURNISHED *>UNISY
Q\J 1 bay-window room ; elegant new corner flat.
]Vf ARTINETTI, 1101 GEARY, SW. C' >R. VAN
i-'i- Ness— Suites and singles; newly furnished.
bOIUeU liato ..lillilr.
C 97 GOLDEN . GATE AVE.-SUNNT FUR-
Ola I Dished room. *. . '
, .. .;• ■,: Haight Street. *
cjf* HAIGHT— DOUBLE FURNISHED AND
— U single rooms: bath, «as: private family..-
Harriet Street.
3 HARRIETT, OFF HOWARD, NR. SIXTH —
0 Nice sunny furnished housekeeping rooms; $10.
"~~~~~~~ Haight Street. ' ;•■-"'
•1 A HAVES— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS,
Xtt double and single. . .' - '.-
•. j . • ■ Hickory Avenue.'
■1 QQ HICKORY AYE — 3 ROOMS, HALL AND
XOO yard. .;. . .. V . ■' . " V
' - ':.■■ -toward .: Mree.. . ■.. '. . v -'.,-- : T
17 Of) HOWARD — LARGE FBONT SUNNY
• L>-« rooms; bath and gas: suitable for 2. .
ncn HOWARD— SUNNY 3INOLE ROOM; f5
OO'J per month; board optional. - ■""
1 zl9zl 1, HOWARD, NR. TENTH—
lTtii'i* furnished ■ bedroom for - 1 or ■ 2 gentle-
men; prlva ; $6." :■■'-."■; - • - -.-..-
-f I 71 X HOWARD, NEAR ■■ THIRTEENTH—
I llu Nicely 1 furnished . sunny rooms; gas and
bath; cheap. • ,-'\- ".-;... .. , ; . : ".,:-•..:, y:,. t " .
Additional Classified Advertise-
ments on Page 12.12
BOOMS TO LET— Continned. :
; . Harrison Street.
T All 1 HARRISON ST.— LARGE SUNNY
14112 front room, well furnished, suitable for
two. ■■• ———————————
Jessie Street.
OAO JESSIE, CORNER FOURTH-2 FUR.
QUO nished rooms for man and wife or 2 gentle-
men; $10 and 812 month: no children.
vviiei siren..
1 f\(\ JONES— SUNNY, QUIET ROOMS FOB
J-UU gentlemen; newly renovated; reasonable.
4)A7 JONES— THE 'VAN WINKLE: NEW
J.XJ i management; elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to s3o.
a. turnjr Mre«..
ARLINGTON BOUSE, 127 KEARNT —
J\ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; tint
class In every respect: terms reasonable.
Lagkie Street.
LARGE SUNNY. FRO ROOM; WILL BK
JJ furnished with entirely new furniture to suit
tenant: grate: bath; also small sunny frOLt room:
private family; board if desired. 12 Lastle St., off
Mission, near Ninth. .
l.uikiii street.
Qf\A LARKIN— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM,
OUtr 1 or 2 persons. $6; single $5. '
Leavenwonri street.
001 LEAVE N WOKTH— LOVELY DOUBLE
—_ I rma. for lor 2 gen hot, cola water: $10.
71 1 Leaves worth, near POST— TWO
. I J. J- sunny rooms, suitable for gentlemen pleas-
ant outlook. Call on owner, Easterbrook building,
22 Geary St., room 36.
TO6EMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PBR
I night. 35c to $1: week. SI 60 to $5: families.
Martha Place.
4 MARTHA PL., OFF OK ART. TA
rt Furnished sunny room; rent low.
jiUiua mi<j«..
nnn minna, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY fur-
DD l nished bay-window rooms: $1 per week.
it it«ion -.leo..
•7^?Q MISSION —TO LET. LARGE FUR-
i DO nished front room: rent $9 a month.
Ninth Street.
or NINTH— LARGK NICELY FURNISHED
— .0 sunny light housekeeping room, with gas
stove; also single rooms.
Fine Street.
/>O"l PINE — ROOMS $6 UP; RUNNING
U— A water; gas: sunny: quiet; gentlemen only.
i o.Jt Street. .
Tnft' POLK -FURNISHED PARLOR
J _U«J suite: suite or single; unfurnisned room
with kitchen, cheap.
1 'JHQ POLK— SEVERAL SUNNY, UNFUR-
xij\Jo nished: housekeeping; range: single or
separate. '
Post Street.
OC%cy POST-ELEGANTLY FURISHED SUN-
<>--_ ny suites, $20: single, $S: bath; hot and
cold water. . .. . . - . : . •
r*Q IPO -T— NICK FURNISH ROOMS FOR
DO L ladies or gentlemen; large closets, water,
gas. bath; rent $6 and $8 monthly.
I- 1 •> FUST— FURNISHED OR UNFURNISH-
I ID ed rooms; suitable for offices.
Q-l OB POST— SUNNY PAHLOR SUIT
OLD newly furnished; modern flat; board op-
tional.
Bausch Street.
OR BAUSCII— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
OD front room with German family; $5.
>nuii'l .Stre<>;..
CO SECOND— SINGLE AND DOUBLE RMS;
«J— quiet and respectable: most reasonable.
•j I C SECOND — NICE, CLKAN. SUNNY
Ilu rooms. $1; unfurnished basement rooms.
9Q| SECOND — FURNISHED ROOMS. 10c.
.— G l 15c, 25c per night; 65c to $1 50 weekly.
Seventh Street.
O"| Q SEVENTH — LARGE, SUNNY, FUR-
—JO nished side room; $5.
-{seventeenth Street.
9JOJ SEVENTEENTH ST., NEAR VALEN-
OTO'icia — burnished room in private family;
bath: gas.
£ixth street.
OO ELEGANT ROOMS; NEW FlRlfi-
-00 proof building: all conveniences: quiet.
••piEDMONI," COR. SIXTH AND MINNA—
- X Nicely furnished sny mis: mod. conveniences.
Stevenson Street.
£97 STEVENSON— I LARGE ROOM; PRI-
\JZi I vate family: $1 per week; lady preferred. .
79,Jl STEVENSON, OFF NINTH— FUR-
* —'1:4 nished rooms, $5.
■ -'.er • roc .
c"I A SUTTER— SUNNY PARLORS;
till other rooms: low rent to desirable parties.
-rvo GUTTER (SAN REMI) — ELEGANT
i UO newly furnished rooms, suite or single.
laylor Street..
CQQ TAYLOR (THE l/TICA) — 2 SUNNY
*JOij rooms, for gentlemen only, bath. $12;
single. «a
lurk Street.
Ql (\ TURK — SUNNY FRONT DOUBLE
Ol room, $12; side room, $8; bath.
COJ 1 TURK— r FURNISHED ROOMS;
_*__*2 private family; suitable for 1 or 2.
C A O TURK— SUNNY ROOM; FOLDING BED,
<JIO grate, gas, bath, 10: single. $6.
xwenty-Second Street.*
OCK£ TWENTY-SECOND, NR. DOLORES— S
Ouuu nice sunny rooms and bath: $12 50. - .
\ .in ..es« Avenue.
I I I C VAN NESS AYE .— HANDSOMELY
Xi It) furnished sunny rooms.
miscellaneous.
FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOM IN PRIVATE
family; breakfast if desired: convenient to the
Have* and Fillruore-st. cars; reasonable. Address
D. M.. 126, this office
UNNY 5 ROOMS AND BATH. COR. NlNE-
teenth and Hartford sts.: Cnstro cars.
BUAKIUNG AM) KOO.IIS.
m~~£T p^stTnrTval^n ess~a vkTsunljy
X^iLO bay-window room and parlor suite; first-
class table: the best appointments; private family.
Ql A L A YEN WORTH — NICfcLY FUR-
CIU nished large rooms, with board; reason-
able. ■ .
rj A O PINE— ROOM, EXCELLENT BOARD
I "±O $20 1 er mouth; sunny suite: reasonable.
9 EDDY (HEATH)— ELEGANT SUNNY
i> 1 — bay-window suites; single; board; refer-
ences.
79C FINE (KENOVA): ELEGANT APART-
I —>) ments, furnished or unfurnished, with su-
perior buard: travelers solicited; references.
OfJQ VAN NESS— NEWLY FURNISHED SUN.
OWO ny rooms: good board; reasonable.
TJ OTKL BKRTLING, 714 BUSH ST.— A FAM-
XI lly hotel; references' xi van and required: all
modern conveniences. : ■-> ! . ■':
CHII,I>RJBM ISOAKUKI).
pOOD HOME FOR 1 OR 2 CHILDREN; LES-
VT Boris superintended: music if desired: Jersey
cow; terms $8. M., box 6, Call Office. Oakland.
HILD TO BOARD; TERMS REASONABLE.
VJ 110 Austin st , off Polk, near Pine.
1 ONE WIDOW WISHES A CHILD TO
it board; a mother* care. 172 Silver si., city.
STOKES ; 'io LET. ■
S~""TORif AND I ROOMS, WITH FIXTURE?
rent $27 50. Fourteenth and Minna.
A T LOW RENT-PART OF STORE AND
Xi. hn cnvni. 324 Pos'. St.
OFFICES TO t,ET. ~
oXETT^oTF7cT :^B >^ftMTH^Ti^T^^^s^A?rS
furniture; see them: NW. cor. Pine and Front
Its. . For particulars apply A. J. RICH <fc CO., Real
Estate Agents,-112 Montgomery st. -
FFICKS FOB DOCTORS OR DENTI-Ta;
very elegantly furnished offices :one entire floor;
Offices en sul.e. 901 Sntter Rt., cor. Leavenwonh.!
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 ; CENTS _ TI±B
-fV WEEKLY CALL, In nraoDer. for manin«. |
. LOST. ',
O^T— A PASSBOOK wfTir~THE~HIitER*
nia Savings and 'Loan 1 society of San Fran-
:lsco, ; in the name of HANS CHRISTIAN AN-
DERSEN.. No. 110,782. •. The i flnoer will please
return to bank. . ■ .
OST-FOX TERRIER BITCH; JUST. A
mother. Finder wilt kindly return to llquor-
itore. 795 Mission St.; reward. , ; , ... .
L^ OST— SOMEWHERE BETWEEN JACKSON
and Washington sts., black purse containing
mm of mone . . Finder will be rewarded by leav-
ing same at 1H43 Polk st. ....■■•.
LOST— LARGE I4.STONK :. DIAMOND RING,
probably bet. cor. • Sacramento : and Powell, or
Clay, bet. Powell and Jones; liberal reward. Re-
{urn to H. E. MONROE, fifth floor, -room 33,
.; Mills bldg. •.. - ; ;.- .'■■■
Lost— a passbook WITH the HIBER-
nia Havings and I Loan I society of San < Fran-
llsro. In the name of THOMAS i BRADY. -. No.
72.633. The finder will plpesp return to bank. « -:■
MINING MACHI.NEKV.
STA MPM ILL-BEST, CHEAi?Bsr7s?MPLEPI\
most durable stami>mlll; running every after-
soon from 3 to 6 at Golden State Miners' Foundry,
131 i-~lrai;uu cams to break nor tappet* to set loose.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
r"sTdrT"r CLARK. - ~^~~
PERMANENTLY LOCATED
,_ 4.1:0 GEARY STREET.
The world's most famous medium of modern
times: It you are in doubt that sne can and will
perform all she claims feel yourself invited to
call and she will give you more substantial proof
of her marvelous power than you have ever be-
fore received from mortal; don't fall to ste her
if you are Interested In the affairs of life; if mar-
riage, sickne*s, death's changes, travels, divorces,
separations, lawsuits, business transactions, wills,
deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen property, lost
or absent friends Interest you; if you care to know
what you should do to be successful, where yon
should go and whom to avoid, when to buy ana
sell stock, c.c.— in a word, whatever may te your
trouble, suspicions or desires, call on this gifted
woman and she will send yon away happier, w'ser
and bolder than ever before. Hours 9a.m. to 8
p. m. strict. Fee $1 and $2. Send stamp for illus-
trated circular with special terms.
MRS. F. CLAKK, 420 Geary st.
GITANA, THE GIPSY QUEEN, 8 TURK ST.;
vjr . truthful predictions: reliable advice: no mat-
ter what troubles you have, come, and she will
guide you right; satisfaction guaranteed.
ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT. TELLS
past, present and future; success to all; for-
tunes by mail; low prices. 856 Mission St.
/CONSULT THE LUCKY MEDIUM: FEE '_>sc:
\J satisfaction guaranteed. 41 Minna, basement.
ME. HANSEN, PALMIST, C.\ RD-RtADER;
past, present and future: 25c. 148 6th st , r. 0.
,'ONDEUFUL CLAIRVOYANT LIFE-READ-
" er, 50c. 535 Geary st.
ME. FANNIE DAVIS, MAGNETIC HEAL-
er and card-reader. Koom 2, 122 Post st.
ME. SYBILLK TELLS FROM CKADLt TO
grave; pictures given: Indies 25c: 014 O'FarrelL
VI ME. MOi.EAU. BEST FOR 1 UNF-TKI LER
JLll and medium in city; fee 25c up. 764 Howard.
Y\- ELL-KNOWN CLAIRVOYANT.MISS MXL-
»» VILLE. moved from 1053 Market to 51 Fifth.
ME. LKGETTE— PRESENT. PAST AND
future; 25c; one price. 311 Tehama sL, nr.4th
DNA BURR, JUST RETURNED: MEDIUM
and card-reader. 131 Taylor, rooms 1 and 2.
ME. LEONA, CARD-HEADER AND MAG-
netic healer; parlor 12, 805 Vi Market, 2d floor.
YPSY LIFE READER REMOVED TO 3
VX Seventh St., nr. Market; ladles VSc; gents 600.
\\ ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
■L" business advice: names given ; 25c up. o Fourth
MMR. PEARL.MAGNETIC HEALER; EGYP-
-1»1 tlan 1 ards: cli»rrns. 223 Post st . room 2.-
-&I*IKITUAX«IS3I. '
MME. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TBANCKMEDI-
um. returned; life readings, love affairs, busi-
ness investments, mining speculations a specialty.
838 Mission st. .
D~SI MAUD IN MAN; ELECTRO-THERA-
peutic treatment diseases. 215 Kearny at,,
rm. 8, 9, front. \,
Mi: McALLISTKK— MRS. C. J. MEYER;
O_jU test meetings every night; Tue., Fri., 2 p. m.,
10c: business sit -.trance 25c. Sat, eve. 81.
MK>. DUPREE, GREATEST TRANCE
trumpet medium in the world. 24 Turk st.,
parlor 12. • (
"A M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATK
A. writer. llSHalghtst.; hours 9 until 9p. m.
RS. ELLIS. MEDIUM, SITTINGS, 9 TO B. SI;
circles Tues., Fri.. 3 p. m., 25c 1824 Market st.
ViKS. SIIRINKR, TRANCE MEDIUM- SIT
_J*J_tlnc8 dal'y. $1 : circle Sun, eve. 311 Van Ness
ASTKOLOGx. "
rTHIRO^ANCY^TAUGHT ""isciENTIFicAL^
V> lv: readings: letters answered. MKS. WALK-
ER, 629 Post st. .
STRAL SEER-PRO HOLMES, 1 FIFTH,
rooms 12-13: horoscopes: questions: advice.
' UKNTISTS. ~— -
L. T. CRANZ^fcXTRACTioN PAINLESS 7
, crown worn, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 336 Sutter, NE. cor. Stockton.
"qpf FULL SET OF TEETH ■ WORTH $16;
<p • . warranted 5 years; extraction free: fillings
60c. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
•LULL SET OF TEETH, S7. WARRANTED:
X' filling 60c. crowns $3. DR. BROWN, 21% 3d.
riKST-CLASB DEN I'ISTRY OR MONEY
-L back: installment plan; established 12 years.
Office cor Sixth and Mission, over I X L store.
COLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 806 MAR-
/ ket St. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
a- E. W. PRATT— TEETH ON ALUMINUM
plates same price as rubber. 14 Grant aye.
C? 7 A SET FOR TKETH— WARRANTED AS
yD • good as can be made: filling $1 DR. SIMMs,
dentist. 930 Market st., next Baldwin Theater.
AINLESS Extraction, 50c: crown
bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: 18. years'
experience R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 815% Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST., NR.
Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new; !
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c: gas given.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR.
H. G. Young, 1841 Polk at.
R. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET. COU. GOLDEN
Gate avf.; open evenings: Sundays, till noon.
CIROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, $1; plates. $5 up: fill. 81 up.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, THE GEM INK
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 o'FarrellsS.
A LL WORK TO SUITTIMES;WAKRANTED.
-A. DR. KEa, 1370 Market st.. front City Hail.
LL work REASON A'BLK AND war-
rantf.i DP. ■/ W. KKY. 1122 Market st.
FINANCIAL.
Q f nf^7i(^ o^ N ' J^O'' AS BANKS."
V'V'.' >\l\t Apnlvrm222. < ;i'.~-afe Ht>p.P.lflg.
MAKIiIAI.K LICENSES.
7be following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
G. Hildebrand and Anita Mercado, 23—24. -
1.. H. Harrington and Ellen D. Boarman. 46—34.
E. E. Painter and Charlotte K. Hofmann. 21—19.
Carl S Lindell and Ellen Nelson, 8-1— iO.
11. A. Anderson and lianna Rautlo. — 24.
J. F. Wonzoi and Laura F. Forsyths, 35—36. -
John J. Chambers and May Walsh, 32—24.
E. B. O'Connor and Mabel H. Lynnirreen.2B—
D. J. McPbee and Annie McLeltan, 47—37.
P. J. Gallagher and Lizzie M. O'Meara, 21— 2 L
C. Salmon and Elizabeth A. Biyth, 32—32.
F. H. Jewell and Amanda Murray, 27—27.
A — M — iililATfll"
fßlrth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. They must be handed In a:
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
wit the name and residence of persons authorised
to have tile name published. J
BOKN.
CARRAU— In this city, NovemDer 14, 1896, to
: the wife of Leon Carrau, a son.
D'ARC Y— ln this city. November 16, 1896, to the
wife of Charles D'Arcy, a son.
DIKFFENBACHER— In this city, November 7,
IH9U,io the wife of William DleSenbacber, a son.
HEILEMANN— In Lorln, November 12. 1896,
to the wife of William Hellemann, a son.
LANE— In this city. October 31, 1896. to the wife
of George A. Lane, a son.
LUTGEN— In Berkeley, November 20, 1893, to
the wife of C J. Lutgen, a daughter.
MCCARTHY— In this city. November 9, 1896, to
the wife of G. W. McCarthy, a daughter. ■
NIELSEN— In this city, November ." 17, 1898, to
the. wife of H. P. Nielsen, a daughter. ■
RECK— In this city, November 12, 1896. to the
: wife of Albert Reck, a daughter.
RIORDAN— In this city, November' 20, 1896, to
- Hip wife of T. P. Riordan, a daughter.
; ; • ;-'. "MAiutuii). ~~ r ~~~ r ~
KING SLEY— In this city, November
11, 1898,' by the Rev. Father Qulnn, John A.
Holland and Rose Klngsley, both of Han Fran-
cisco. . ■ • , .
KESTLER— BERLET— In this city. November
18. 1896, by the Key. J. H. Schroeder, Gottlieb
Kestler and Lizzie Berlet.
mjfc , D> *—
Alcayaga. J. A. Hutchinson. Capt.T.W.
Baker. George . Kern, Thomas K. . .
Barr. Nell Kleutscb, Frank J.
. Bon, Maria A.dela Luz Kutin, Rudolph
Campbell Peter W. Kuhnl. Frank
Coffey. Emma . Lisdell, Fred H.
Colter, John P. McGlllicoddy, Annie
Craig, Frances E. March, Joiin
Fowler. Albert Parentl, Agoatino
Garthorne, Robert Farrell, Lizzie
Goodwin, Robert ' Petersen (Infant)
- Hearne, Stella B. . Sheeh an. David W.
Hiegel, Mrs." Johanna Trapp; John H.
Holbrook, Mrs- Ann L. Weiz, Frederick E.
... Woodley, Augustas ;
ALCAYAGA— In this city, November 20, 1898,
' J. A. Alcayaga, a native of San Francisco, aged
30 years 5 months and 2(< days." ' :
: j ' *a"The funeral will : take . place THIS i DAY
' (Sunday), at 2 o'clock p.. _.. rrom the , par-
lors of McAvoy <& Gallagher, ■20 Fifth street.
BAKER— In Oakland. November 30, 1896,Ue0rge,
beloved son ■of Peter ana Ellen Baker, and
brother of Frank, Llllie and Ida Baker, a native
■ of Oakland, ased 23 years 1 month and 6 days. '
- JlT* Friends . and ■ acquaintances i are - respect-
fully Invited 10 attend the funeral THIS D\Y
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from the Masonic
. Temple, corner Twelfth and hlngion streets,
, Oakland, under the auspices or Live Oak Lodge
No. 61, F. and A. M., and Piedmont: Parlor No.*
120, N. a O. W. : Interment . Mountain View
. Cemetery. : y
BARR— In San Jose, : November 20, 1896, Nell,
beloved husband of Bridget Barr, a native of
Ire. and. aged 76 years. ■ . ' _ :
; v 49" Friends and acquaintances and members of
■ Iroamolders Union No. . It* are respect-
i fully Invited to attend the funeral THIi DAY
> (Sunday), at ' 2 ■ o'clock p. it, from , the ; par-
, lors of . Carew & Enarllsh. 19 Van Ness avenue.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BON— In Temescal.' Alameda : County, CaL, No-
vember 21. ' 1896, Maria Augusta de la Luz,
widow of the late J. B. Bon. and beloved mother
■; of C. A. Bon and Mrs. A. G. Chauche, a native of
Havana, Cuba," aged 66 years.
■-.:•- A^Frlends ; and '■:■ acanalntnncM are . respect- >
. . fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
:.' (Monday), at .10 o'clock a.* v.. from the Church
, of the Sacred Hear , Fortieth street, Temescal,'
■ v where a solemn , requiem 1 mass '• will 'bo ■ cele- '
'. - brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896.
at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment private, St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
CAMPBELL— In this city. November 20. 1896.
■ ' Peter W. Campbell, a native of Scotland, aged
v 30 years. ..^■•dttMBAMPG^XSBSSHSBBtfSBfIu
. j^TFriends and acquaintances are. resoect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral . THIS DaY
' (Sunday), at 2 o'clock ■p. it.; from • Masonic
Temple, comer :■ Post and Montgomery streets,
under the. auspices of ' Golden <-a c Lodge No.
■ 30, F. and A. M. interment Masonic Cemetery.
COFFEY— in the City and Cointy Hospital, No-
vember 21, 1896. : Emma Coffey, aged 39 years.
COTTER— In this city. November 21, 1895, John
P., beloved son of James and Katie Coter, a na-
. tive of San Francisco, aged ■ 3 years and 8
months. ' ; ' ■-■ .'.
^*l Tne funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 1 0 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
oenceof the parents, 36 Moss street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CRAIG— In this city, November 20, 189 0, Frances
t.. wife of David C. Craig, a native of London,
Enzland. aged 40 years. -V
.. Friends are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Sunday), at 2
0 clock p. v.. from the parlors of Hal. led <fe Co..
U4b ■ Mission street. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
FOWLER— In this "city, November 21. 1896.
Albert, beloved son of Charles ana Nellie Fow-
ler, a native of saa Francisco, aged 6 months. '
GARTHORNE-In this city, November 19, 1896.
Robert, beloved husband of Maggie Garthorne,
and brother of C. A.. O. H. ana E. Garthorne.
a native of Ban Francisco, aged 37 years and 17
'•' *S"Frlendi' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clocic P. m.. irom nls late
residence. 1028 Jackson street, between Mason
and Taylor, interment LO. O. F. Cemetery. .
GOODWIN-In this city, Novemoer 20. 1836.
Robert, beloved husband of Amanda M. Good-
win, aged 74 years.
HEARNE— In this city, November 20. 1896,
Stella Brlggs liearne, beloved wife of M. A.
Hearne, and mother of Jouu F. Hearne. a na-
tive of Maine, age! 4 8 years I month and 7 days.
1 Bod I (Cal.) paper* please copy.i
At^Friends and acquaintances ■ are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 716 Larkin street, between Ellis and
O'FarrelL Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by train leaving Third and Townsend streets at
11:30 o'clock a. m.
HIEGEL—Atthe German Altenbeim. Frultvale,
November 21, 1893, Mrs. Johanna Hie«el, a na-
tive or Germany, aged 73 years.
43* Friends and acquaintances are restwc 1 ;-
-fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the German
Altenheim, Frultvale, Alameda County. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery. . ■
HOLBROOK— In this city. November 20. 1893.
Mrs. Ann L. Holbrook, wife of Rev. J. C. Hol-
brojk. D.D., of Stockton, aged 74 years.
HUTCHINSON— In this city. November 21,1898,
Captain Thomas Webb Hutchinson, a native of
Salem, Mass., aged 68- years 6 months and 29
days. [Salem (Mass.) and Omaha (Nebr.)
papers please copy.J
Friend* ana acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. v., at his late rest-'
deuce, 2X2 Bartlett street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
KERN— In this city, November 21, 1898. Thomas
- Edward, infant son of James M. and Mary Kern,
a native of San Francisco, aged 4 months and 11
days.
KLEUTSCH— In Oakland, November 19, 1896. at
the Home of Adult Blind. Frank J.. beloved son
of Frank J. and Sophia Klemsch. and brother of
Jacob H. Kleuisch, Mrs. Harry Hock, Katie
Kleutsch ana Mrs. Theo Knutsen, a native of
Ltnjoln, Nebr., aged 21 years 10 months and 12
days.
KUHN— In South San Francisco, November 21,
188% Kodolph, beloved son of Frank L. and
Helene Kuhn, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years and 3 months.
KUUNL-In this city, November 20, 1898, Frank,
beloved husband ot Caroine Kuhnl, a native of
Vienna, Austria, aged '61 years 2 months and 20
days.
.83" Friend* and acquaintance? are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TIII3 DAY
(Snnday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. m., ttoiu his late
- residence, 546 Minna street. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
LISDELL— In Oakland. November 21, 1896, Fred
A. Lisdell, husband of Kathenne F. Llsdell, a
native of Elmira, N. V., aged 37 years.
McOILLICUDDY— In this city, November 21,
1893, Annie, beloved daughter of Eugene and
the. late Mary McGlHicuddy, a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE NO. 3— Yon are
hereby reques ed to attend the funeral of our late
sister, Anne McGllllcuudy, from her late resi-
dence, 11:04 Howard st.eet. TUESDAY morn-
ing. FRANCES CONLIN, President.
Anna Daly, Secretary. . ' —
MARCH-In this city. November 21. 1896, John,
beloved husband of Katherine March, and father
of George 11. March, a native of Baltimore, Aid.,
aged 59 years 9 months and '20 days.
Sir Friends and acquaintances and members of
Valley Lod^e No. SO, A. o. U. W., are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORRO W
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. if., from the par-
lors ot Theoaor Dierics. 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock A. m. train.
PARENTI— In this city, November 21, 1833,
Agostlno, dearly - beloved husbanl of Maria
Pareuti. and father of Mllly, Michael, Joseph,
Annie and Angelina Parentl, a native of Italy,
azed 44 yean.
F. of A.— The officers and members of Court Stan-
ford No. 27, F. of A., are hereby requested to
attend the funeral of our deceased brother, A.
Parent!, TO- ..i ORROW (Monday), at 1:30
o'clock p. if., from the undertaking' p«r-
lors of Valente, Marini it Co., 1524 Stockton
street, between .Union and Green. Interment
O. O. F. Cemetery- ■ By order of
W. J. GRANT. Chief Ranger.
PARRELL— In this city. Novembe* 21. 1898. Liz-
zie, beloved daughter of Patrick and Lizzie Par-
rell. a native of ban Francisco, aged 8 yean and
4 months.
PETERSEN— In this city, Novemoer 19, 1893,
infant child of Maria and L. Petersen, a native
of San Francisco, a;ei 7 days.
SHEEIIAN— In this City, November 18, 1^93.
David W. Eheehan, beloved husband of Katie
Sheehan, father of Charles L. an 1 Warren Shee-
hau, brother of Lawrence B. and - Henry P.
Sheeban. . and : halfbrother of Charles 1* Arn-
lieun. a native of . California, aged 38 years 3
months and 5 cays.
49"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tills DA.V
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. . m.. from the resi-
dence of his mother-In- law, Mrs. Charles Grey,
■ 12 Madison' avenue, oft Harrison, street, near
Fifth- Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
TRAPP— In South san Francisco. November 21,
1893, John Henry Trapp, beloved son of Michael
and Mary Ann Trapp, and brother of William,
Clarence and Rosie Tranp. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 11 years 0 months and 3 days.
WETZ— In Oakland, Cat. November 18. 1898.
Frederick E. Weiz, beloved husband of Margaret
Wetz. and father of John F. Wetz, a native of
Franktort-on-the-Maln, Germany, aged 54 years.
A member of Valley Lodge No. 80, a. O. U. W..
and Ivaniioe Lodge No. 6, K. of P.
A Friends ' and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS Da V
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of Theodor DierKs, 957 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth, under the auspices of
Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O. U. W. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ■ -
WOODLEY— In this cltv, November 20.1898.
Augustus, beloved husband of Mary Woodley
a native or Eureka, Ilumboldt County, Cal., aged
28 years S months and 6 days, f Eureka (Cal.)
papers please copy.J
Friends ant . acquaintance* art reso*s'.-
fully*lnvitea to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Firth
street. Interment I. <> O. K. ('emote -.-.
NICAVOY 4 GALLAGHER,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALM
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. '
Telephone 3080.
J AS. KNOW KY. < — Chas. McMknokky
JASIKS McMENOMEY & SON,
CNIJKKTAKKKS AND EHBALMKRs,
1O&7 llisxlon Street, Near Sevuuui. '
' ■' ■ . Telephone No. 3354. 4'
JAB. ; ENGLISH. T. • R. CARK \V
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND . EMBALMER*
-. ; FUNISUAL, UIKKCTOKS.
IP Van Ness aye., near Market su, &iia .e'ranclsoo
Telephone , so. 150.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN. MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CKMK-
tery to the city; non-sectarian: In no sens* ex-
clusive: location unexcelled. Office U«7 Mantel
street, southeast corner 01 .slxtu. - ..' . - ,"
LATEST SHIPPING INTELIGENCE.
Arrived.
SATURDAY. November 21.
Schr Premier, Wmbt, 12 days from Kiir:nk;
12.300 cs salmon, to Atasot Imp Co.
BchrO H Merchant. Brannan, 18 days from Ev
erett, via l'ort Town send 15 days; 385 Mft lum
ber, to T J Golden.
Mailncl.
SATURDAY, November 21.
6tmr Weeott. Whitney, Albion.
domestic Ports.
FORT BRAGG— Hailed Nov2l— Stmrg Noyoand
Albion, for San Francisco.
Miscellaneous.
Per Premier— Left In port at Karluk bark Har
vester and simr Kodiak.
importation*.
TACOMA— Per Mexico— l cs woolen goods. Ics
dry goods, S bxs slot machines, 268 s^s rolled
oats, 32 en 1 bb! 1 bx sauce, 1 bx oil, 8 bdls er
hides, I.CXi barn bullion.
Anacortes— 6747 sx outs, 3000 cs salmon.
Tacoma west of Fargo-3128 sx wheat, 2eBB sx
flour, 69J qr sx Hour, 1 bx candy, 1 cs clothln g,
1 bx saddlery.
'1 a oma east of Fargo— 3l bxs w c seats, 3 cs
*mok tobacco, 4 cs adv matter, 3 rolls carpet, 1
bx labels.
Everett— 664 rol's paper, 683 bdls paper, 789
pki;s box snooks. 700 barn i>nlllon.
Vancouver — 97 bdl-. green bides.
beattJe — 4 half-bbls 7>7 cs -aimon, 1 box tobac
co. '2 cs beeswax. 6 bxs salt salmon, 2 bhlsrnetal,
8 cs boots and shoes. 1 bale olankets, 4 bxs t/pe
wrlters. 77 sits bones, 1 cs woolens, 1 pkg irons. 6
pkes express. SOU sks oats-
Port Towusena— lo7 bdls green hides, 1 bdl dry
hides, 2 pkgs express.
bltka— l sk gold dust, 3 bdls deer skins.
Douglas Island-1 bdl hese, 1 bx bullion, 1 bx
lamps, I bx nuts, 1 pkg dust.
Juueau— 2 pkps bullion, 6 bdls h coal, 1 bx dry
goods, 1 bdl deerskins.
Victorla-2 bdls sheepskins. 2 bdls dry bides,
199 salt hides, 4 bx switches, 2 pkgs express.
Consignees. ;
Steamer Mexico— Ross <t Co: Selby SAL Co:
Buyer Reich; Bartlett Springs Mineral Water
Co; Sherwood & Sherwood; S I H Frank <fe Co; H
Dutard; G W McNear: Moore, Ferguson A Co; O
\\ Howard; J Everting & Co: C J.Lelst & Co;
Main & Winchester: Hoffman <fe Alexander; Ital
ian Swiss Colony; Crane & Co: C Matthias <fe Co;
Lev! Strauss & Co: Pattison Carpet Co; /polio
Con Mining Co;. Blake, Moffitt & Towne; Gardi
ner Mill Co; Woetuern Lumber Co; W G Rich
ardson; Del Monte Milling Co; "Well*, Fargo &
Co; Gardiner & Thornley; Sawyer Tanning Co;
American Union Fish Co: Chas Harley & Co;
Davis, llaber Co; Forbes Bros: Gray A Bar
er] ; Gets Bros & Co; P Greenbrrg «£ Co; S Foster
it Co; Thos Loughran; Bisslnger:<& Co; Alaska
Commercial Co; • Parke, Lacy ■&.• Co: .*■ General
Electric Co; Bank of Cala: Cahn. Nickelsburg &
Co; A T M Co: H Llebes & Co. -
THE STOCK MARKET.
The Com stocks were rather firmer yesterday,
but tbe improvement was insignificant.
Coar. Cal & Va.—loooV a.— looo level— From west cross
cm 2, started at a point In north drift 550 fee:
north from Con. Va. shaft station or 85 feet south
from north boundary line of mine, at point 436
feet from its mouth, from double compartment
upraise 86 feet above sill floor of this level, east
crosscut hiis been extended 14 feet, passing
through porphyry showing clay separations
s'.reaked with quartz of low assay value. Total
leni;li 63 feet.
1660 level— On ninth floor, first floor above sill
floor, east eros-cut 4 started from south drift at
polut 393 feet In from its mouth, or 117 feet north
from east crosscut 3, was advanced In a north
easterly direction 21 feet, passing through por
phyry streaked with quartz. The output of ore
ih:s week amounted to 93 tons, of the average
assay value of *34 35 per ton. The output for tne
previous week was 98 tons, of an average assay
value of «34 24 per ton.
Following Are the Highest Prices Dur-
ing the Past Week.
Btock.
Hon.
iTueai
Wed. I
iThr..,
iFrt,
I Hat.
A1pha....... ....'
A1ta.....; _..
Ande5.;.,........
Belcher .........
Beat & Belcher..
80die.... ...
Bullion..
Bnlwer
Caledonia
Challenge
ChoUar.....
Con. CaL A Va..
Confidence.......
Crown Point
Gould «fc Curry.
Hale & Norcrou
Mexican.;......
M0n0...........
Ophlr..
Overman .'.
Occidental.......
J'otoai
Savage
Beg. Belcher....
terra Nevada..
Uni0n...'.....
Utah ..„ "
Vttiiuw Jtickat.;
09
08
22
42
84
57
14
41
08
37
I.BD
1.85
1.05
35
67
1.26
69
16
1.30
09
a«
77
62
02
64
62
10
41
Oh
09
18
40
*•!!
56
13
41
08
33
1.75
1.80
95
32
60
1.15
69
15
1.30
08
24
73
60
02
58
49
08
3b
08
09
19
89
83
63
14
41
08
35
1.80
1.70
96
S3
58
1.16
66
16
1.25
08
26
74
69
02
69
49
07
36
09
07
- 18
31
78
62
14
40
. 08
38
1.75
1.70
96
SO
66
1.15
. 53
15
1.25
06
25
70
57
11
54
46
' 08
34
09
08
18
29
80
62
la
40
08
31
1.75
1.65
90
28
57
1.10
52
. 16
1.20
OH
23
70
49
11
61
47
06
32
08
18
30
81
61
13
40
08
33
1.85
1.65
. 95
58
1.16
62
15
1.20
09
22
75
- 61
12
50
49
07
81
1 liAi.n SAL.K9.
.Following . were the bales in the Saa Francisco
Stock Board yesterday :
>ltKari.Aß hiikmvd SFssmv. rnvvFVOPm 9:30.
10il Belcher ...28 200 Chllar.. .1.701100 H&N...1.10
100 B<tß 77 100 i.75 15U»ava«e...48
20U 80d1e... 60 60 CC&V...1.60 200 S Nev....49
iOJ 8u11i0n.... 13 10J «J P01nt_..27 2 )0 Utah 07
100 Cha11ge...32J250 G&C 54 300 Jaoic«..so
Following were me wuta lntuo Paclno btock
Ictra yesterday: . •'•3gs2sl
B*otti,ar mniosf— TO; ix .-■ ,
200 A1Dha... .08100 C0nf1......90 SOO Occd ..-..23
400 Aim 07 500 C Imp 01 4000ph1r...l
200 Andes.... 500 02 200 Ovrmn. ..08
800 Belcher... 30 500 ConN V...02 20 J Poiosl.. .71
600 :..;;..•. .-..V2JJ300 CrwnPt.. 271200 ......... 73
250 8«fc8....7&|-JOO :i 28 200 V.-.-.;; .74
200 ......;... .81 200 Eicnqr...o2i2oU f«va«e....62
200 ...... 82 -JOU OiC. .._s^i7OO Hcorplon.,o4
100 Bodla Bli2oo 57 900 SB <tM.,.ia
800 8u11i0n.... 13 2U(* 68 250 3 «cv.....60
100 8u1wer...40 160 H4N...1.15 »00 ........ .48
2l)oCaleda.... 09 400 Julia .....05 .'OO 811 Hi 11 ....02
20J CUaUke...3V!LiOO Justice. ...Ob 30J union...
250 CLolil.B2Vy2Uo Kentuck..o^ .....60
600 .....:....1% 1000 L \Vash..oL'i4Uo Utah 07
.<0 I LCV....1.«^30U Alex 53 600 V JCiti»...3O
100 1%J200 Mono .....16 '
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATO
■ £fit.A*ked.\
AlpimOm.-... 08 09
Alt*. .. — 07
Ande5.....;.-.. 18 19
Belcher 29 at)
Best <fc Belcher HI 82
Bcnton C0n.... — J.
Bodie U 50 _
Bullion . _ 13 14
Bnlwer. 40 _' —
Caledonia. 08 10
Chollar . ....... 1.86 1.90
Con.Cal<&Va...l.«s 1.70
Chnliunce Coo. 32 33
Con. Imperial. 01 ! f.
Confidence.... 85 —
Con New Yorlc — o»
Crown Point... 28 30
i-n-,;>ie.r»Na/ — Hi
turcti Coa ... 25 —
Kzcneauer .... — 13
Uoula Curry. 57 68
iuut.lL Aurora. 1-10 1.15
RDAV, Nov. 21-12 v.
| - BliLAtkeA.
Jackson 24 ; 40
»»...........; : — 06
luMtlce. 04 00
• it- :i!uclc. — 03
Lady Wast L... — 13
Mexican...; 60 62
Mono.-;...;.-.. 15 —
Nevada Queen. — 04
Occidental..;..' 22 24
opUlr... 1.20 1.25
overman-;.... 08 09
PotosL... 74 76
■^avaste. 50 62
Scorpion _ 02 —
'eg. BelcUef... 12 13
Syndicate ..... 02 —
Mlver HUU.... 01 C 2
-lerra Nevada 50 61
UnionUoa..... 49 60
Utah..... 07 08
Yellow Jaeiut. 28 SO
COLD A11:m.S«; KXCHAXOB
500 Lockwood Con 26
300 Savannah " 45
100 do 48
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE,
SATURDAY. Nov. 21 10:30 A. K.
TJNITKD STATES MONKS.
£trt. Atkea. BUL AtktA.
PB4neOOTV..i"9V2 — ÜBUni.., — 107%
t)o new lsßUt- il9> /3 — |
MISCKiLANEOUS BONO*.
Cal-stCbiMs. 110 — rncßotlHl* — —
Cal Elec fj 1 25 , — Do2dls6s- . — ; _
CntraCWs« 9^V» 97% V 4 O Ryß«. - JIB
Dnnt-stex-CD — 97V* P4Cti Ilyßi. 95 .. — '•;
F.dsn L<ftl'tsil2s 127 >*j Pwl-st RRSi. - 118%
1-4CHKIIBV — 109 Heno, WiAU — 106
Geary-stßss. 100^410 1 tacto P& L. — 200
LosAn«Lo*. — ■ 100 |^F«fcNPR5s. »97/ a IOO%
DoUnteedai - 103V2>PKRArU Jl 93 »6%
Mkt-stCblettsl2o — , fcPRRCaIBi. 110 —
DoßyConßs_losJ6los% fcFKRCaISi. — 100
NatVinßs Ist - — 100 iti'BrßCal3*. »6 86
NevCNgß7s.loo — SVWaterOs.. ÜBVnll9
NPCRR6S.IOO - KVWater4sL. 89 99U.
N RyCal6s.iO2 104 StktnG&ESi — lu2
IS liy Cal ss. _ BO SunstTATfli, — —
Oak Gas 5a.. _ 104 fcuiter-stßss. lU9«A —
ho-M la 65.. 105 108 VualutWCM —^ _
Uiuuibiu cm, lig 119%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — SO i*anJoi«... _ _
MkrlnCo.... 49 . - |s,.rn« Vallar . 87% 68
AS STOCKS.
Capital — i 5 Pacific Lluns 49 60
Central- 9 * — SanFraucaco 97% 98
tt*i Uaslmp. — 8014!
INSURANCE STOCKS.
F]reman'sF<il62i/jlßo |Snn _ _ .
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS.
AmwßftTC _ — LondonP&A.ias%l2B :
Anglo-Ca1.... 64 59 London&Sir. _ 80
Bank of Cal.. 2.*0 240 Merch Ex... la — ■
Cal b DdSTCo - 110 Nevada...... — —
tlmAatUHu.lßo 18a |Satn«r 800. — —
HA VINOS : BANK STOCKS.'
B*rß<ftl,Cn.V — 1600 ; t-av.s Loan.. — 105
HiimbS.fcL.llOU — Security 250 - —
Mutual.. — 40 UiUuuXrtlM. 770 —
fctaavUnion — 625
BTBKBT RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 107 110 OafcML&Hw _ 100
Ueary-su — 60 Presidio..... 5% —
Mmjuktm.... 431/4 433,4 l sutter-5t..... - —
FOWDKB STOCKS. . .
Atlantic — , — iGlanlOon.... 21s, 22
Eastern D... 72 85 , Jodson D.... - > —
taUiornia.... 70 100 1vig0r1t....... 850 900
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. :
A!nMri»nrrv 97 98 NatVlnCo*. — —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo 19% 24
Cal Cot Mills _ . _ pac aox *. — - 4
Kdlaon l,isttiU24%l2« PacßoraxOa 88 100
GosconAssn. — -s.;iPi»c Roll Mill • — —
Ger Lead Co. BO 100 * Part i'alntUJ — 1
irawOfeSOo.. la 18 llacTrausCO. —■- — .
nutchSl'Oo 24% iteit Pac TAT o*. — — :
WwKxAssa. 100 'Ho Sunset T*C, — —
At JUttcUgiii —"■ United OOa. — —
"Ai-tt-uoKSiStt aJtaaio.S.
: Hoard— • , . ' -
26 Alaska Packers' Association 97 00
20 Kdlsou Light <& Power C 0 .........;.. 124 60
ll SF Gaslight...- 97 50
9SV Water.....;..-...;...;........:... ,J8 00
■ tstrppt— -
20 AlasKa Packers' Association.. 97 00
30 Contra Costa Water....:............. • 30 00 .
• — ■» •
The Kight "elr.
The wise men of the East understand
the value of strategy and know when to
use it. A rich merchant died. He had
one son, who, when quite a lad, had been
sent to an uncle in India. On his way
home the young fellow was shipwrecked.
It was believed that he escaped drowning,
though no tidings of him could be ob
tained. His faiher died, leaving his for
tune to the care of an old friend, not to be
handed over to any claimant until certain
injunctions had been fulfilled. At the end
of a v«'ar a young man appeared who de
clared himself the heir; then a second and
a third arrived on the scene. The cuardian
gave to each a bow and arrow and desired
them to use the dead man's picture as a
target and aim at the heart. The first
nearly hit the mark, the second drove his
arrow home, but tbe third burst into tears
and refused to dishonor his father's mem
ory by desecrating the portrait of one
whom he had Joyed and revered. Then
the guardian knew which of tbe three was
en tilled to the fortune.
HAS FERGUSON
LOST HIS GRIP?
Left the Hot Favorite Hymn
Standing Still at the
Post.
Semper Lex Made a Great Run
and Captured the Mile
Handicap.
Charles A Was Played— D. J. Tobin and
Alazan Out ot the Maiden Class.
Geyser First Again.
The feature of the day'a racing at Oak
land yesterday was the starting of Mr.
Ferguson. When be left the heavily
backed 6 to 5 favorite Hymn standing still
at the post in the third race, the big
crowd in the grand Btand arose en masse
and fell on one another's necks and wept.
Great big tears of wet, cold, clammy rain
drops roiled down their furrowed cheeks,
and pangs of regret swept through their
conscience-smitten souls for the innocent
inventor of the Australian gate. Th^
bay geldine, whose forte i 8 muddy
going, was backed for thousands, and
alter foiling Shaw, who had the mount,
and T. Murphy on Peril, which two riders
tried to get a running start, Ferguson
pressed the lever with Hymn back about
twenty yards and turned at about an
angle of forty-five degrees.
It was a grand effort, and at the anni
versary of Mr. Ferguson's five hundredth
perfect start the California Jockey Club
should issue a souvenir in the shape of a
button with Hymn standing at the post
and a bonfire in the distance burning up
the hundreds of torn pasteboards. There
is slight doubt that Mr. Ferguson felt
sorry for tbe mishap — he looked repentant;
but that is small recompense to tbe specu
lating public, for horse racing conducted
at its best is a lottery.
The regular half-holiday crowd, barring
a few who do not enjoy a trip on the
ocean wave, were in attendance. The
track was sticky and the sport devoid 01
any great display of enthusiasm. Six
quite pronounced favorites were sent 1 ut
and three of these found the way back to
the wire first, to the others misfortune
befell.
The mile handicap furnished the most
vivid example of what a racehorse can do
when pitted against a plater with a streak
of yellow in his composition. There were
but four starter* in the event, with Semper
Lex carrying 104 pounds a 6 to 5 favorite
in the ring. "When the quartet were sent
away, Thompson, on Salisbury II with a
catcb of 88 pounds in the saddle, went out
and opened up a gap of fifteen lengths.
He reached tbe half in 50% seconds, but
tired in tbe stretch and was oeaten out a
neck in 1:46. Thornhill, poor Thornhill,
was third, fifteen lengths away. He no
doubt will run better when Mr. Purser's
curious figures get to work.
Altivo, the Baldwin entry, was made a
13 to 5 choice for the maiden two-year-old
race, but the crowd was on and the price,
being too short, finished third. D. J. To
bin won handily from Tropical.
Charles A, the black feorse, who receded
in the betting a couple of days back, but
was a real live one yesterday and backed
down from 4 to 16 to 5, took the second
event over six furlongs in a common gal
lop, with Elmer F finishing in the place.
Kdgemount, the 7 to 5 favorite, got mixed
up with his pedigree and never was near
the money.
With Hymn left at the post the 8 to 5
second choice Peril experienced no diffi
culty in placing the six-turlong sprint that
followed to his credit, winning, with some
thing to spare, from Earl Cochran.
A 1 to 3 favorite, Ed Corrigan's Geyser,
found some little trouble in out-tooting
Alma, who made the running in the seven
furlong race that was fifth on the card,
but at tbe end downed the Burns & Waters
house entry quite cleverly, stepping the
distance in 1:31. Inuammator was a poor
third.
Alazan finally escaped from the maiden
class in tbe final race for two-year-olds at
five furlongs. The Racine youngster was
made a 6 to 5 choice, aud leading tbe whole
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
VI/INTER MEETING. Ninth day, Saturday, November al, 1896. Weather threatening.
TT Track heavy.
1 O/T FIRST JRACE— Five furlongs; maiden; two-years- olds: allowances: parse $300.
124 D. J. Tobin 97 1
112 Tropoal 105 6
Altivo 102 4
EttaH 102 8
75 Manzani.lo 102 6
91 Dr. Martin 97 2
75 Ca Urn the Great. 97 3
Ctieriiiah 102 7
Index.
Horse, age. weight.
St.
Ml
Bett
,y» ■ «4 Str. Fin. Jockey. Op.
12 3 4 lh IS Frawley 11-6
-' Va 2h 2% 2% H.Martin 5-2
3 2 111 3 6 330 Mclntyre 4
71 63 63 4% C1aw50n.. ....... 10
54 53 64 68 T. Murphy 7
610 710 710 !8 15 Fitzgerald-. 12
4h 4 2 4% 710 R. lsom.. 4
8 8 8 8 Lans.... 20
Betting.
Op. 01.
line.
01.
3
3
13-5
20
. 15
30
6
60
........
Fair start.
Won easily. Winner, D. J. Tobin's b. g., by Imp. Cyrus-imp. Getaway, Time, 1:08.
lOQ SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions; allowances-
IZo. purse $300.
Horse, age, weight. St.
V*
In*
4h
2h
71
8 2
6 2
1 91 ;
9%
10
8 /i
str.
Fin.
Betting.
Op. CL
Index.
Jockey.
117 kharlcs A, 6 98 3
117 Elmer F, 5 105 6
117 Don Pio Pico, 3... 93 5
92 lrma.4. 100 1
128 Zaragosa, a 105 4
121 Heartsease, 3.... 93 10
94 Sir Phillip. 3 98 8
113 Edgemount, 3 100 2
102 VlrgleA.3 97 9
Sooladain, 4 103 7
...-»,•.-
IS
. 63
41
3%
6 2
8
v 7■:
22
9
10
1 3
3 1
42
6
54
7
8
2y 3
10
13. H. Martin ......
2 h . Bozeman... *.....
310 Joe Weber ..
4 3 , K. I«om.
6% Rouiller.
6% Clawson ...,
7 4 Stout
84 ■ E. Jon»s.
910 Fitzgerald ......
10 G. Wi150n. ......
4
2
50
10
20
6
30
8-5
la
20
3
16-6
160
12
100
9
150
7-5
30
100
Periect start. Won easily. Winner, P. Archibald's blk. g., by John A-Early Rose. Time. l:l9i£.
ioq THIRD RACE— Six furlongs;
1 — .'. purse $300.
selling ;
three-year-olds and up:
conditions; allowances;
Tnd.
120 Peri, a 105 1
(119) Karl ( ochran, 3. 102 3
1 Quicksilver, 4.... 106 3
113 Mv Roy, 6 108 6
120 Potentate, 5 1 101 4
119 Tuxedo. 5 105| 5
(lll)lHvmn. 6 US left
Horse, age, weight
St.
¥4 Vt _*A Str.
........ 22 21% 2%,
.....:.: 510 610 4^
........ 13 11% 12
........ 44 32- 3 4
........ 3% 46 510
6 - 6 6
13 T. Murnhy
2Vz Mclntyre
»V» W. Flvnn
46 Snider
610 J. Walker
6 J. Griffin
oiiaw
Fin.
Jockey.
Betting.
op. a
7-5 8-5
6 6
20 25
Vi 30
10 10
16 60
8-5 13-10
Good start. Won easily.
Winner. M. J. Kelly's br. Nx, by imp. Dareblnlno.
Time, 1:19.
1 1 - 1 * BACK— One mile: three-year-olds and up; handicap ; purse $500.
Index.
116 jsemper Lex, 6. ...1041 1
(116) Salisbury 11. 3.... B*l 3
116 Thornhlll. 5 107 2
115 Peter the feecnd.-S. 94 4
Horse, age, weight.
St.
2h
110
32
4
Vi
: .-■■'■ .:■ : . ■ Bett
> *ft ' % -'. str. Fin. Jockey. Op.
2 10 220 220 lh : H. Martin 4-6
115 18 18 215: Thompson 2
3 1 34 34 -■•■. 3 6 C0ady:.......... 5
4 4 4 4 R. lsom. 6
Jockey.
Op. Cl.
ting.
Cl.
"^5
8-5
10
.9-2
Good start.
Time, 1 :46.
Won cleverly.
Winner, Mc-Nanghton & Mnir's eh. h.. by Falsetto-La Sylphide'
191 FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; all ages; conditions; penalties; parse f 4OO.
Index.
(120)
<12<)
(107)
. (112)
- HO
112
CJeyser, 2 100
Alma. 2 99
Inflammator, 2. .. 93
Celeste, 2. 9v!
Hallelujah, 2 92
Billy Vie*, 2 95
Key del Tierra, 2. •..
Horse, age, weight.
St.
5
1
a
7
3
&
4
4 2 -
1 3
3%
In*
2h
7 v
6%
Betting.
% % ' Btr. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
2h 22 2 4 11 T. Mnrpny 1-4 1-3
IS WVt 12 220 K. Jones 8 8
45 410 31 34 Thompson 20 60
31 Ml 420 4 3 Reidy 5 6
5h 5 1 64 62 Joe Weber 20 60
8 3 6 5 6 610 Fraw ey 100 1000
7 7 7 7 |Cliiwson .... 1 8 16
Good start.
Won c everly. Winner, K. Corrlgan's br. c, by Be;i All-Hot Springs. Time, 1:31.
1 '"^2 SXXTH BACK— Five furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; allowances: purse $300.
Index.
Hone,
weight.
St.
13
3h
2h
6%:
o a
8 10
7 3
4h
9 ■."
»4
Benin*.
Str.: Fin. Jockey. Op. y Cl.
In 114 X JoneH...-..'..;. 4-5" 6-5
210 215 H. 'Martin.-;.;:. 5-2 6-2
» Vi 3 3 V H. Wilson ...;. 30 10
4 1 4% Mclntyre ..;... 3 7-a
6 5 1 liurllngame..... 30 40
T:: 6Mi C. C01e.......... 30 100
8 74 - Lang ....;%..... 12 , 20
6% 820 C1aw50n......... 4 g
9 ;. 9 . J. Gilbert SO;, 60
Str. I
Fin.
Jockey.
103
124
87
IJ4
81
Alatan ...... 99 -1 :;'..:*...
Jay Wheeler. 10U 4 :..
Defender 105 6 .....;..
Apt 0... .%;•...:.: 102 « ..;...-..
i ryst ;...:.•..;.... 105 3 ;......,
M him Owens 97 7 ........
Va1d05. ..•..:...... 88 *8 ::.:.:..
»1 Lad rone .100 a ....-;.-;
Bernard 10.: 9 r.T.Kv:
1%
a 4
3 4
■•■;■. 4 Vi
6 10
'■8 ■--•:
}- lV ■•
5 2
* 8 •/.;:,
Good start. Won easily.
W lunar, U» V. Banders Jfc Co.'a ca. «., by lUclue-l'earleu.
Time, 1:0514"
way, headed Jay Wheeler out half a
length. Defender, a hot tip, was third.
CHESHIRE'S LONG SLEEP.
Kennedy's Hypnotic . Slumberer Will
Come' to Life 'Again To-Night.
George Cheshire, wlio was put in a glass
case by Hypnotist Kennedy at the Bash-
Btreet Theater last night, is booked to
arouse from his slumber at 10 o'clock
to-night.
A study of the register of physicians
who inspected the subject during the w ek
is interesting. They estimate that he baa
lost about 15 pounds during his slumber.
His pulse nas fluctuated greatly from day
to day raneing from 96 at the outset to
as low as 68. Yesterday at 4:15 the pulse
was 68, ana it was to 82 by 10:20 last night.
About 5000 people viewed the sleeper
yesterday, and fully 500 went into the
theater during the night. Kennedy says
the man will awaken at 10 o'cloclc to
night, and that he will feel no bad effects
from his long slumber, and will sieep as
usual to-night and every other night, as
if he bad not had a surfeit of nature's
great restorer.
A Boys' Thanksgiving;.
The Bishop Aruiitage Orphanage for Boys
has appealed to the public for contributions
for the Thanksgiving dinner annually given
the orphans under their care. There are 180
boys to be fed, and a large amount is needed.
Contributions will be received if sent in care
ol B. F. Le Wame, 831 and 533 Fulton street.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RUBS HOUSE.
A J Qulnn, Paso Robles A L Johnson, Reno
R J Drlllard. Stockton Mrs N Lyle, Oakland
J Wuuon, Napa A C Ki'lin, Elinira
H Hail, Wheailand M E Palmer, Sacramento
J H Barton, Honolulu 8 H Shelly. Ban Jose
J H Douglas, Vina E F Parker, &tockton
F M Graham, Pac Grove A E Nowell, Guatemala
J W Cannon, is&lt Lake J E Langford. Bait Lake
F Cole, los Angeles C Fleming, Los Angelas
F Peflu, Fresno Mrs 1* H Porter.Lakeport
C Maynard. Trinity E L Richmond, Minn
W F Willis, Nev A Waison, Campbell
R S Wilburn, Kdinburg Miss Gibson, Stanford
G W Gibson, Stanford C L Davidson, Alaska
E A Pearsley <& w, N V J Wheeler &w, N V
F W Wood &w, Seattle T J Peters, S l Obis
C T McMullin, a L Obis W O Rrown & sn, Cal
J W Jones Hanford T A Peacock, 8 Rafael
s T Charles, Chico W Clark, Chco
A s Keller, Klnnra J Hart, San Jose
T J Hull & w, Fresno P S York, Alaska
P R Lewis, Santa Rosa C W Hutchinson, Cal
Dr \V N Finney, Lincoln 1) J KeiiZie. Wash
J B Jones, Plumas W Carast, Oakland
A J Kichie, Berkeley J W Havance & w, Nev
X W Murtens, S Rafael R S Sutherland, S Rosa
F R Davidson, Wash W Hastle, Alaska
E McUeuigan, Vallejo
GRAND HOTEL.
C Taylor, Oakland T H Hayes, Cal
Miss Ford. Sacto A Baker, Los Gatos
Miss M J Morrow, Biggs H G Tanner* n, Cal
B G Latimer&w.Detrolt H R Lelund. Toledo
Mrs C G Burgett, 111 KHGrigKS. StanfordUnlV
Mrs J X Griggs, Ind W T Su ith, Phiia
A Bomen, ship Active G W Sanderson, Cal
L ti X, sttiian. lowa L S Eastman <& w, lowa
A Anderson & w, bulsan C L Walter, Fresno
S N Anderson. Pomona Mrs Campbell, Sacto
G R Schwartz Aw, Cal H P Whltehouse, Boston
J W Llnscott, .~ta Cruz H W ilson. Chicago
MrsFHennesey .Spokane MissH t'innigan, Spokane
J Burnett, Paso Kobies Mrs Johnson, i.om Ang
G Lingo. Suisun W D Meredith, ship
T T Twits, Cal Dominion
J Rice <te wf. Carson T B Pritchard, ship
*T Jensen, Chico Glenessla
J F Yates, Or W H Culmer, Balt Lake
Mrs F Joost, Martinez Mrs Allen, Sucto
Miss L Joost, Martinez R A Blair, Stockton
Miss F Joost. Martinez J? T Fcarey & wf.Newark
Miss M Kelly, Martinez Miss P Shrader. Oakland
CL Ruggles<fc wf, Stktn F L Coomtw, Napa
Miss L Kuggies,Stockton H Hogan & wf, tpa
A H Shaftsky, Ft Bragg T Hamilton, Modesto
F Loughborough, N V Mrs 8 A Barlow, Su Luis
W P Thomas, Ukiah M A Wickman, Sn Jose
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C H Hnrdy, Boston J Ward <fe w, Sanger
G W Reed, Mare island M A Calllgan, Bntte
J W York, Ukiah G L Lewis, Ukiah
J Rodman, Baltimore U A Young, Los Angeles
M A King, Orovillie Mrs W Barnes, Ogden
T Fay. Vallejo J W Beam, Denver
J w bePun, Walnut Grv a J Younus. Los Angeles
C H Cri tington, Los A W H Weisert <fe w, Chgo
W p Boyd & w. Chicago J F Cartwright, 1 hlcago
H A Arnold, St Paul G Anderson, St Paul
W E Gardner, San Jose J C Smith, Boston
J D Lewis, Cal W M Jones, Smartsvillie
GH White, Watsonville J H Feeney, Walla Walla
M A Palmer. Walla W E Slaae, Alcatraz
G L Lewis, Cal C W Nelson, Oakland
L H Mack, Philadelphia J Cumlsky, Philadelphia
JW D Bock, Walnut G W G Herrick, Fhiladela
PALACE HOTEL.
E G Lezynsky, Chica«o C H Lawrence, Chicago
W A MiiinocKs, L Angels B Fnlk, Chicago
Sam Falk, Chicago J W Young, Salt Lake
C C Wallece, Eureka Dr C ~ Fisher, Chicago
B C Kingsnury. SDokane Miss H E Hall, Spokane
A D Remington, Watertn F H Coyne, Angels
L L Hill. N V G Hill. Chicago
G de Bouglalse. Paris R W Baxter, Portland
F O Downing, Portland Mrs R W Baxter, Prtind
Mrs F O Downlng.Prtlnd T Carey, Chicago
W F Jewett, Oregon Mrs r Carey. Chicago
G A Ballard, N \ W Falkenhagen, B V
L Guarchi, Los Angeles A Haywar.l, L Angeles
O F 1 ong A wf, Oakland G Mci-'adden, >ania Ana
M Eichercreen, Chicago C 8 Junes. Phila
Miss A Uawley, Indiana A C Newby, Indiana
BALDWIN HOTEL.
JW Fuller, St Paul R W Baxter <ft wf.Prtlnd
F O Downing, ssac A D Williams. Berkeley
M Harris, Oakland J F Anderson. San Jose
Mrs C Monteith. Wash F E Castle, N V
F W Green, .Milwaukee Miss Armstrong.Oalcland
s L Farnsworth <fc wf, W A Sexton, Oakland
G W Strong, san Jose W H Hartley, Merced
R J R Aden, Vallejo Mrs F X Ledyard, S jose
W D Davis, San Jose C M Williams. Los Ang
W Hecht «fe wf. Chicago Mrs J Hall, Oakland
Miss X Hecht, Chicago A R Jackson. N V
H R Leland. Ohio W Buehler. Ind
MlssHasklns, X V X H Harris & wf, N V
T E Cooper «fc wf, X V M. Adler, N V
OLYMPIC WINGS
FLAP IN TRIUMPH
The Reliance Team Forced
to Yield the Cham
pionship.
Oakland Piayers Outclassed by
the Local Aggregation of
Gridiron Talent.
A Siow Football Match Marked by
Several Long Runs and Some
Fierce Tackling.
After many seasons of defeats at tbe
hands of all the larger football teams of
tne far West, the Olympic Club has at last
won an important and decisive victory.
Yesterday its team thoroughly outplayed
and defeated the Reliance eleven that has
been so formidable for the past three
years. The score was 6 to 0, but it does
not in itself indicate the comparative
playing of tbe two teams, which was not
so nearly equal.
Olympic, as on the preceding Saturday
when the match with Reliance ended in aw
tie. scored early in the first half, but was T
not able to carry the ball over for another f
touchdown during the remainder of the
game, though in the second half it ad
vanced steadily to within five feet of the
Reliance goal, but the ball was lost on
downs.
The halves were ten minutes shorter
than those prescribed for a matcn and the
playing was slow, fewer passes being made
than in almost every one of the other
games of the season.
Reliance was doomed after the first few
plays. The line seemed powerless to pre
vent large openings being made through
which Morse and Bnowden, the Olympic
backs, rushed often without touching an
opponent for many feet. Alter the touch
down, the Olympics got the second kickoff
on their 20-yard line, and advanced it
steadily for 70 yards, then lost it to Re
liance because of an offside play. Re
liance suddenly braced wonderfully, and
carried the ball little by little back 45
of those 70 yards, but, on failure to gain a
necessary few inches had to give up the
ball near the Olympic 40-yard line.
Olympic tried to take it back, but found
it harder work than before, for Burnett,
the Reliance center, broke through and
twice tackled Snowden before he could
Btart. After regaining twenty yards in
nine attempts Olympic fumbled and lost
the ball to Reliance, but regained it in a
few moments on downs. Then Weldon
kicked in touch for a gain of only eight
yards, but Olympic got the bail again and
was beginning another advance when the
first half ended with the ball near the
Reliance 35 yard line.
The second half opened favorably for Re
liance, for Arlett's kickoff went just to
the goalpost without going over the line,
and Weldon failed by ten yards to reach
tue center of the field on tne return kick.
Reliance again lost the ball ou downs and
Olympic carried it twenty-five yards in a
series of plays and lost it because of an
off side play. Reliance was soon forced
to kick, but it was for a good gain, Wal
ton sending tbe ball from tbe center oJ
the field to the Olympic 10-yard line \
where Weldon was downed in his tracks I V
before he could run or kick. Then came* J
tbe long run of the day.
Morse was sent round the right end and
he came up the field rapidly, avoidine
everyone near the line. Only little Arlett
stood waiting between him and the dis
tant goal. He reached and dodged Ar
lett. The field was clear before him. On
behind came the largest man in tue game
big Wells, the Reliance guard. He actu
ally outran the spe«dy Morse, overtook
him and forcing him in touch made one
of the hard tackles that characterized his
play. But Morse gained forty-seven yards
and the ball was just into Reliance ter
ritory.
From then on it changed hands several
times before Olympic finally had to give
it up, on a failure to gain when within
only a few feet of goal. Walton immedi
ately kicked out of danger. Again Olym
pic had the ball back almost to the same
aanger point, and again Reliance braced
wonderfully, prevented the needed gain
and got the ball.
Oliver of Reliance was working like a
frenzied giant, and little "Tommy" Code
ol Olympic was tearing through the line
on nearly every pass. Walton was forced
to kick, for he could not gain by line
plays or end runs. A few short exchange
kicks near the middle of the Reliance Bide
of the held ended the game, and the
whistle blew with the ball under an Olym
pic man, near the 30-yard line.
Several Reliance players were injured
during the second half and had to be re
placed by lighter and less able men
As a whole the game was not of a nerve
stirring kind and except for Morse's and
Snowden s long runs could not have been
very interesting to the non-partisan spec
tators. But the Olympics were happy
with that great joy that "comes after much
deferred hope, and to them it was a great
game anyhow, for it brought them tbe
athletic club championship of the Pacific
Coast.
Followi ug is a synopsis of the game:
Olympic, Position. Reliance.
Nolan, 156 X* £. R... / lacuna, 170
■•* I Nahl, 145
Porter, 186 U T. R... | M 'drtlemaa. 170
Captain Smith, 196... L. G. R Well,', 2HI
Ames, 385 C Burne;t' 200
Sheehy . 204 R. G. L> . . . Oliver "'5
Krskine. 190 R. T. L ■..•.".Sexton, 180
~~~: ~' •• ■ X - *• li Lanyon. 170
Code 153..... ..O j. Ar iett, 151)
Snowden, 155 L. H. R...CapU Walton, 170
Morse, 158 K. H. U. f Carter. 160
\Hupj), 157
Weldon, 165 F. / •*■ Arlet !; 165
\ Pratt, 1-7
Score: Olympic 6, Keliance 0. Touchdown by
Snowden, and goal kicked by Morse.
Halves 25 minutes, sity cloudy, but weather
warm and ground dry and "favorable.
Attendance 1300.
Length of punts— Walton of Reliance 7. averag
ing 28 yards; Weldon of Olympic 3. averaging; -^6
yards: A. Arlett of Reliance a Kick, ffs, averaging
■112 yards; Code, the Olympic quarteroacu. 2,
averaging 9 yards; Porter of Olympic 1 kiefc
oft* of 17 yards
. onge« runs— Morse of Olympic, one of 47
yards, one of 24 yards, one of 13 yards and one of
8 yards: Snowden of Olympic, on.- ot 18 yards and
one of 7 yards; Porter of Olympic, oue of 10
yards: A. Arleu of Keliance. one of 9 yards; car
ter of Reliance, one of 9 yards: Lacuna of Reli
ance, one of 8 yards: Walton of Rel iance, one of 7
yards: Krskine of Keliance, one of 7 yards; Wel
doa of Olympic, one of 10 yard* from a kUit.
Total number of plays— .First half 58, second
Officials— Umpire,;"Eddie" Bherman, Berke
ley's Varsity halfback aud ex-taptain: referee
Lieutenant Hinckley of the Presidio and forl
merly of the West Point team; linesman
"Joe" Tobin of Burlingame, an Olympic fuU
back in his bachelor days.
A Zeisler Concert.
Manager William M. Greenbaum has made
arrangements for Faunie Bloomfield-Zcisier
to appear in a grand orchestral concert
at the Baldwin Theater next Snnday night,
November 29. The pianist will appear in con
junction with the celebrated Hinrichs-Beel
symphony orchestra and the programme for
the occasion will be one that hHs never beta/
surpassed on an occasion of this kind in San
Francisco. The pianist will gi-» c at least two
concertos, one of them being Rubinstein's D
minor, which she will render here for tho first
time. She will also be heard in a number of
solos.
No Ball Game in the Mission.
Owing to tne inclement weather, there will
be no ball game at Folsom. and Sixteenth
streets to-day.MARRIAGE RITUAL
IN EIGHT WORDS
A Bridegroom Attracted
From San Jose by a
;• • Little Story.
.. Pastor Davis Marries Mr.
Rounds to Miss Ida Cooper
and Makes a Record.
• v By Authority I Pronounce Ycu Man
end Wife," and the Ceremony
Was Over.
Oakland Office 8a» Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, Nov. 21. )
To an Oakland pastor belongs the credit
of performing the .-hortest marriage
ceremony on record. The minister who
celebrated the interesting event is Rev.
Edward Davis ot the Central Christian
Church.
A few tuontns ago an account of a wed
ding was published that took place in this
city and was celebrated by Pastor Davis.
■ It was that of a young lieutenant ot the
Salvation Army, who fell in love with a
r ;assie, but couid not marry because she
was not a member of the army. Love
triumphed over religious scruples, and
Factor Davis was called in to complete
the union. Instead of performing the cus
tomary act of kiasing the bride Mr.
Davis, who would have made an equal
success on the stage as in the pulpit, gal
• lantly stooped and imprinted a passionate
kiss on the young lady's recently uecor
aied iincer. Mr. Davis dispensed with all
formality aud maae the service as short as
possible.
The brevity and gallantry of the cere-
mony appealed verju-strongly to Frank A.
Rounds of ban Jose, and he at once de-
cided that a pastor so practical should fig
ure at his wedding. Mr. Rounds is the
popular drug clerk at the Almshouse of
Santa Clara County, and he recently came
to Oakland and called on Pastor Davis.
"What is the shortest murriage cere
mony you can perform?" asked Mr.
Rounds. Tiie pastor tigureJ a little wr.h
h:s tinker- and replied. "Eight words, sir."
'•Then I will be here this afternoon pre
pared to meet you," replied Mr. Rounds.
At tne appointed lime, Mr. Rounds
arrued with the necessary license, escorted
Mus Ida J. Cooper of San Francisco to the
pastor's residence. The witnesses were
called in. the bride and groom clasped
hands even without the young lady taking
off her glove.
Striking an apostolic attitude, with
which those who attend Mr. Davis'
church are well acquainted, the pa3tor
took their united hands in his own, and
in clear, forceful tones, said. "By author
ity I pronounce. you man and wife." The
bride looked surprised, the jrroom looked
pleased, and the pastor smiled at having
'so easily earned a fee which was given him
with co much appreciation of the service
rendered.
There were only two witnesses to the
ceremony, and aIJ agreed that the little
.'romance should be kept a most profound
secret. But, nevertheless, the little Btorv
is be.ng frequently told and retold.
BLUE AND GOLD,
Manager Mott Issues a Circular-Letter
to His Classmen — May Not
Issue.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 2L— Tbe junior
class at the State University may not pub
lish a B;ue and Gold next spring. Unless
Manager Mott sees the money forthcom
•' ing to pay for tne book he will refuse to
unkertake its publication. This is essen
tially the ultimatum which he sent forth
to-day to the members of the class of '93.
The present dire financial strait in which
the senior class has found itself in conse
quence of its Blue and Gold, and the pros
pects of the faculty not permitting them
to graduate until they have liquidated
, their debt, which is well up in the hun
dreds, has doubtless been the immediate
cause of Manager Mott's curt letter to his
classmen. %
For the past three or four years it has
MISS TINCKER'S RETURN
Will Appear in Oakland ag a Leading
Actress in "Humanity,"
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 21.— Pretty little
Pearl Tincker is back in Oakland. Four
years ago Miss Tincker was a leading
member of the First Congregational
Church and one of the most active young
people in the Christian Endeavor Society.
She was a hard-working girl, and by means
of typewriting and other employments
she succeeded in supporting her mother.
While doing so she studied elocution
and Delsarte, and for a time was in great
• demand at socials and private parties.
Other means of employment iailing Miss
Tinckerdeciiied togoon the stage and made
her first appearance in tlie chorus of the
"Black Crook" at the Macdonough. After
ward she was one of the lesser stars at ttie
People's Theater, and some comment was
made upon the fact that while at this
MISS PEARL TINCKER, Who Left the Christian Endeavor
Society to Go on the Stage and Support Her Mother,
been with great difficulty that the Blue
and Gold assessments, which have ranged
from $350 to $5 on each. member, have
been collected, and from the present state
of affairs in which the seniors are merged
it seems that only about half the clans
paid their assessment.. A very great bur
den has therefore been cast upon the busi
ness managers,' and because of the deficit
they have been accused 'of mismanage
ment and incapacity.
To avoid beine placed in any such posi
tion, and to prepare himself lor a possible
contingency, Manager Mott bus sent out
the following circular letter to each mem
ber of the class of '98:
Berkeley, Cat., Nov. 21.
Owing to the financial condition of the class
which just precedes, and the disfavor which it
has cast upon college credit in the conduct of
its Blue and Gold, we find it expedient and
necessary before proceeding farther with '9B
Blue and Gold to have ton is on hand in order
to meet running expenses. The only source
from which this can come is the class assess
ment. We -have placed the assessment very
low in order to reach every member or the
class, and "for that reason every individual
member, not a few, must pay ii we are to Issue
a book.
There has been a marked tendency in past
years for classes to elect an editor "and a man
ager, and to consider tneir own work then
done. We do not look at it in that light. \\ c
do not feel justified in incurring the expenses
which attend the publication of a Blue and
Gold unless we know that it is the wish of a
large majority of the class, and that the book
will receive their united support. Me there
fore address you to know wuether you will
support the book. We inclose subscription
blank and await your reply. Your silence-we
shall take to signify a vote against publishing
the Blue and Gold by the class of '98, and
if a large number of such votes be received we
shall decline to proceed furtner with the book.
Pending your decision we have stopped all
expenses in ooanectioo with the book.
All responses must be received by Decem
ber 1. Leslie C. Mott,
Manager Blue and Gold.
Should matters regarding the assess
ment be satisfactorily settled, Manager
Mott will be coiuroiited with still another
problem. A short tune ago the college Y.
M. Ii A. passed resolutions disapproving
Hie practice of publishing the advertise
ments of l;quor-nouses in the Blue and
Gold. Thougn ihe resolutions have not
yet been officially recognized by the class,
they will probably be brought up very
soon, when action either for or against
them will be taken. Snould the class de
cide that no sucu ads are to be published,
a large slice of the usual income to the
publication will be cut off, and the
1 manager will be required to get other ads
1 elsewhere.
Berkeley Miscellanies.
The choir of the First Presbyterian Church
has prepared an especially interesting mus.cal
programme fur to-morrow evening. A chorus
of twenty voices and a quartet of four soloists
will render eigat cnoiee sacred selections.
Professor Carl C. Plebn of the department of
political economy at the State University will
attend tte conference of Assessors at Sacra
mento ou Monday, at which is to be discussed
changes proposed* iv the revenue laws ol the
State.
The King's Daughters have made arrange
ments lor a tig 'lhauksgiviug dinner for the
poor of the university lowa. Thirty-iour fam
ilies which are on tne liei of the society will
be presented wlta clothing and household
goods as .iberal.v as Is possible by the or^au
izatioc, besides being tendered a turkey din
ner.
Fred Holtum of Stuart street has received
news that his fattier In Denmark has fallen
heir to ttie haudsome fortune of $107,000 by
ihe death ol a relative. Young Uultum has
bent money regularly to his father since ne
left home, but he says, he thinks mat the old
gentleman can get along very comfortably
now witnout any lurther remittances.
At the .Macdonough.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 21.— "Darkest
Russia" will oe at tin .Macdonougn next
Monday and Tuesday evenings, They
bring witu them 6everal tons of special
scenery.
The Delia Fox Opera Comique Company,
numbering sixty people, will be the
Thanksgiving attraction at the Maclon
oaeh Theater. They will appear in "Fleur
de Lis" Thursday and Friday, and "The
Little Trooper" Saturday matinee and
night.
.Miss Loie Fuller will be tendered a re
ception next Tuesday afternoon by Mr.
and Mrs. P. M. Smith of East Oakland.
Her Professional Debut.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 21.— Mrs. Grace
E. Doa^e, mezzo soprano, wife of Assem
blyman Dodge, will make her professional
debut at a concert to be given by her at
the Y. IL C. A. auditorium, Twelfth and
Clay streets, Oakland, on Dec mber 11.
On tbis occasion she will be assisted by
Sigmund Beel, violinist; Miss Minna T.
UoDpe, dramatic reader, and Miss Belle
Chamberlain, pianiste.
Fanny Warner Missing.
Mrs. L. W. Langdon, 326 Larkin street, noti
fied the police yesterday of the disappearance
of her sister, Fanny Warner. Since November
9 nothing has been seen or heard of her. She
is simple-minded and sirayec away before, but
not for so long a period. She is 25 years of age,
slender built, short curly reddish-brown hair,
blonde complexion and wore a black dress and
small black hat. It is supposed that some
family out of sympathy has given her a home.'
» ♦ — »
Only twenty-four white elephants have
been captured since the beginning of the
Christian era. •
place of amusement she was still a mem
ber of the Christian Endeavor Society.
Not long ago, while performing on a San
Francisco stage, she fell and broke a limb,
and for some time she was a prisoner at
the St. .Nicholas Hotel.
While a stu ent in Oakland, she had for
her teacher Mrs. Edna Sneil Pnulsen of
Blake Seminary, and it is said that Mrs.
Caro True Boardman declined to take her
as a pupil, saying "she is destined to
make great progress in Del Sarte and will
certainly become a professional." She
ha 3 not been heard of in this city for three
years, and althoug'i it has been stated for
some time that "Miss Pearl Evelvne' is
an Oakland girl and would appear in
"Humanity" it was oniy discovered to
day that Miss Lvelyne is Miss Pearl
Tincker.
Miss Tincker is but 20 years of ace and
has already made a name for herself, and
sue will undoubtedly be cordially received
by her many friends aod admirers in this
City.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1596.
SAW THE MYSTIC
FLYING LIGHT
Oaklanders Who Believe
an Airship Hovered
Over Them.
Say That They Saw a Dark
Body Above the
It Was Headed for San Francisco
and Seemed About to Come
to Earth.
OAKtAND Office San Francisco Call )
908 Broadway, Nov. 21. 'f
Some one must be operating an airship
in this portion of the State. Twice within
the past six weeks it has been seen by re
liable residents of Oakland, and on each
occasion it has presented the same ap
pearance.
Six weeks aeo a young lady was riding a
wheel on Telegraph avenue, when she saw
a strange-looKing object in the sky. It
The Mysterious Flying; Light That Hovered Over St. Mary's
College, Oakland, and Then Started for San Francisco.
It Is Exactly Like That Described by Sacramentans, and
Similar to the Cut Published a Few Days Ago in "The
Call" From a Description Furnished by One "Who Saw It.
carried a powerful headlight, sufficiently
strong to send out long bright rays into
the darkness. It appeared to be going in
a westerly direction and teemed to be
gradually descending as { t disappeared
over St. Mary's College. She reported the
affair to her brother, wbo is a motorman
on the cemetery branch of the Piedmont
road.
Last night a little after 5 o'clock, as a
crowded car was going out toward Pied
mont, tbe attention of the passengers was
attracted to a peculiar-looking contrivance
high up in the sky. The most peculiar
feature of it was a powerful headlight and
another light which seemed to be in the
bottom of the machine and to shine
directly on the earth. It came into view
from the direction of East Oakland, passed
over Piedmont, and according to the story
of the passengers neemed to descend in
such a manner as to indicate that it would
land somewhere in ban Francisco.
Many of the passengers tooK up their
morning newspapers tn-day expecting to
see a full description of the peculiar object
that they bad seen so plainly, and were
surprised and disappointed to find no re
port whatever of it.
They were so convinced that it must
have landed across the bay that some of
them telephoned to San Francisco last
night and made inquiries regarding it.
As nothing was known ■ f it it is presume i
that it mutt have changed its couise and
landed somewhere else, for nothing can
persuade those who saw it that ii was not
a genuine airship under full control.
All those who saw this strange object
agree in its description and declare that it
closely resembles the illustration that ap
peared in The Call last Thursday of the
airs-hip that scores of people witnessed as
it passed over Sacramento last Wednesday
niebt. Borne of tbt-m dis:inctly saw the
propelling arras and declare that they
vfere in motion, but all are positive that
the machine was brilliantly lighted, and
that the lower light shed a Urge arc on
the earth as it pushed over, while the
headlignt could be seen for a great dis
tance ahead of the machine.
One of the most mystified observers of
the airship was Charles H. Eliis, the ar
more' of Companies A and F. Mr. Eilis
is a middle-aged man and very deliberate
in his manner of expression, and one not
likely to be easily deceived. He declared
this evening that he was as skeptical as a
man could be when he first read about the
Sacramento airship. He also declares that
be had no alternative bat to believe his
own eyesi ht.
"I was going home to my dinner about
hall-pasts last night," ha said, "and was
in tbe neighborhood of Twenty-fourth
street and New Broadway, when I saw a
strange-looking thing ir the sky. It was
coming from tne eastward and at first I
could see nothing but a bright light
When I first saw it the two lights appeared
to be one and 1 thought it was a brilliant
meteor. It was getting dusk, but the sky
was clouded and just dark enough to per
mit anyone to see plainly. The sky was
sufficiently dark to mate a background
which would render any such object
visible. '
"As it came nearer 1 could see that
there was some dark object along with the
light. When it was nearly overhead I
could clearly distinguish that it borne
what resembled a balloon traveling end
on, witb a bright Heht ahead, another one
beneath it, and witu what uppeared to be
wings both before and behind tbe light.
It was at a great height above 'the earth*
probably a thousand feet, but not so high
as to make it impossible to distinguish
what it was. I did not want to believe
that it was an airship, as I bad regarded
the previtUß report of one in the light of
a joke. This time, however, I had no al
ternative. 1 had to believe what I saw.
"As soon as it passed over Bt. Mary's
College, it appeared to descend gradually,
but regularly, as though under perfect
control, and it disappeared in the direc
tion of San Francisco. Of course it was
too dark and the machine was too far
away to distinguish anything like people
or to hear any sounds such as were heard
in Sacramento. But there is no doubt in
my mind that it was an airship supplied
witb electric lignts and well manned."
Another witness to the visit of the air
ship is Selby Yost, a motorman of the
Piedmont road and a member of the Oak
land Guard. He was a little behind time
and was taking bis car toward Piedmont,
trying to recover the few minutes he was
behind. As he pass.'d Thirtieth street, a
11; tie boy stood in the road ana cried,
"Jee whiz, what's that?" The passengers
heard it and immediately looked at tbe
direction in the sky toward which the boy
was pointing. They nad no difficulty in
6eeinc the airship.
■'When I looked ahead," said Mr. Yost
to-day, "I was mystified, and I may as
well confess I was. I didn't like to admit
to myself that I had suddenly pone crazy,
but really for a moment I did wonder if
my senses had deserted me. The passen
gers all reached out to look overhead, and
tho~e inside wanted to s>ee what those out
side were gazing at; so when they re
quested me to stop the car that they raieht
all look I was practically forced to oblige
them. They got out in the road and
looked up at the airship, the most sur
prised crowd lever saw in my life. There
it was, sure enough, ripht overhead, and
traveling on at a good rate, with its light
blazing away, and the most uucanny
looking thing I ever caw.
"Airship or anything else, it was the
mo=t remarkable-looking object, and I am
at a loss now to convince myself that I
actually saw iv It was altogether a won
derful sight, and nobody could have ever
made me believe that I would ever see
such a thing. It was perfectly clear, and
not only I but all the passengers saw it
and watched it till it disappeared. I
thought it must have landed across the
bay, and I was somewhat surprised this
morning to see that no mention was made
of it in the papers. • 1 would really like to
have that thing found, so that I could sat
isfy myself as to how it worked, for a more
interesting thing I have never Been."
Miss Hagstrom, who resides on Tele
graph avenue, saw the same object about
six weeks ago. The feature that impressed
her most was the bright light which she
distinctly saw. On returning home, she
told her brother of whit she had seen, but
nothing more was thought of it until she
read recently that a similar object had
been seen in anoiner part of the State.
Charles Uagstrom, the brother of trie
young lady who witnessed this queer
object in the sky, is also in the employ of
the Piedmont and Mountain View Rail
ways.
'•When my sister first told me what she
bad seen I treated it as a joke," he said
tnis evening, "and place i little credence
in her stury, believing that she had seen
nothing more mysterious than a falling
star or me cor. Wlien I heard tbe same
thing had been seen elsewhere, last Week,
and heard again last night of wnat was
seen in this Dart of town, I am now con
vinced that my sister saw the same 'bing.4
I have talKed to several people to-day who
witnessed the object last night, and they
are all confident that it was nothing more
nor less than a genuine airship."
W. J. Roada and his wif , whe reside at
a grocery store at 2042 Broadway, were
al'-o witnesses to the strange aerial visitor.
'•When we tirst saw it," aid Mrs. Rodda
to-night, "we thought it was a balloon,
and if it were not tor the bright light I
should stiU bn inclined to think it was a
peculiarly snaked bailoon, but I never
knew of a balloon to carry bright lights
and travel at nighttime the way that did.
I could not see any fans myself, but others
say that they most undoubtedly saw tUe
propellers which sent tbe thing along.
As it passed over it angied downward,
and if it kept on in the same direction it
should have landed somewhere across tne
bay. lat once concluded tliat it was the
same machine that had been seen in Sac
ramento. 1 believe that airships will be
brought to perfection, and I wouldn't be
the least bit surprised to hear that some
one had already built a practical machine
of that kind and was operating with it in
tins neighborhood."
Many of the passengers on Yo9t's car
live out at Piedmont, and all are of the
opinion that they saw a real air-hip.
An Oakland artist who crosses to San
Francisco every day said this evening
that tbe airship was seen irom Golden
Gate Park yesterday afternoon. " I was
coming home last night," he said, "in
company with a friend who had been out
to Golden Gate Park. He told me that he
and others bad seen an airship during; the
evening and that it closely resembled the
P'cture of the one published in The Call.
He said that tney tried to explain it by
all kinds of means, but they came to the
conclusion that it was the same machine.
It was dusk when they aaw it and the re
markaole brilliancy of tie lights on it a -
tructed their attntion. I shouldn't have
thought any more of it, but to-day in this
city I heard several paopie discussing it."
It is tbe prevalent opinion that some
one in Alameda or neighboring counties
has solved the problem of flying in the
air, and has been for some weeks putting
bis experiment to a practical test.
SAILED HIGH OFEEHEAD.
.Some Kind of Air Craft seen by a Man
Kear Zuiarei
TULARE, Cal., Nov. 21 That air
ship is cavorting through the atmos
phere that overhangs this vicinity. D.
H. Risdon, who was working in an or
chard near Tazus, four miles north of
this place, sighted a ruy&terious ob
ject passing over at a considerate eleva
tion yesterday afternoon.
A tramp was near at the time, aud re
marke.i that he never saw a balloon sail
against the wind. But while the object
overhead seemed to be sailing into the
teeth of the wind, it may have found an
opposite current in an upper stratum.
It was passing to the northwest and
Risdon declares it was like an immense
sheet spread out in the air. It soon passed
out of sight. Risdon had not previously
read or Heard of the strange visitor said to
have been seen at Sacramento, and as.nis
reputation for veracity i 3 excellent his
story is genera lv believed.
LANE'S SUCCESSOR CHOSEN
Bishop Nichols Will Announce His
' JN'axuo at the Services ■
To-Day.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 21.— The Vestry
of Christ's Church have seiected a succes
sor to tbe Rev. W. M. Lane, who was ac
cused of smoking on the streets, wearing
fine neckties and flirting with the lady
members of his congregation. He was ex
onerated by the vestry, but presented his
resignation immediately afterward. This
was about the tirst of September and since
that time the church has been without a
rector. Several weeKs ai:o the Rev.
Charles H. Linley, of Missoula, Montana,
arrived in the city on a visit for his
health. He has occupied the pulpit very
acceptably since, and it is announced that
he is the gentleman that Bishop Nichols
will introduce tomorrow evening as the
new rector. He it a married man with a
family and is considered just ttie man lor
the place.
For Charity's Sake.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 22.— Tbe "pound
party" under the management of the
Relief Society of the Woman's Exchange
will be held Tuesday evening in Tucker's
Hall, when every one wiil be admitted on
the presentation of a pound of anything
that can be used by poor people, such as
coal, flour, bread, ciolhing, etc A fine
musical programme has been arranged
and will be part'eipated in by Messrs. H.
Wilhelmi, C. Jackiin, Edward Eckert, A.
O. Gott, Dr. W. K. Scott, Arthur Burns
and Miss Jennie Wood. Mrs. H. F. Shel
don will recite.
Increased Mail Service.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 21.— Two addi
tional mail deliveries between Aiameda
and San Francisco have been established.
This make> six mails from the City a day
ana enables letters mailed tiiere to rcacn
their destination the same day. The mails
reach the poatoffics at 7, 9 and 11:50 a.m.
and 1:30, 2:55, 5 and 7:30 P. M. Mai.s
leave at 6:15 and 8:43 a. M. and 1:45, 5 and
7:10 p. M.
Headquarters Moved.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Nov. 2L— The dis
patcher's office at the narrow-gauge mole
nas been removed to ban Francisco, and
all train conductors of the locals are corn
veiled to register the arriva and departure
of their trains at the Park-street station.
Only ihrouyh trains pass through without
registering. A. H. Walker, formerly
trainmaster, is practically assistant divi
sion superintendent of the Sauta Cruz
division by the change.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
. Albert and Cba.rlOi.te Wllford to Emma Heath
(wife of R. W.), lot on S line of Vallejo street, 91:6
X of Webster, h. 23 by 8 113:6; $10.
Mary. A. and hi gene ?». Fritz- to Alary A. and
Belinda KOper, lot on E line or Treruont avenue.
855:084 s of >rvder!ck, 8 25 by E 80; 810. •
1- stale if Qeorce T. Davis (by A H. Davis, ad
ministrator) to John a. Ulrlch, lot on M line of
Nineteenth street, 125 W of Noe, W ii by .N 145:
$2750. ,
. John A. and Alice Ulrich to James Smith, same;
$10.
Jilbernla Savings and Loan Society to Anna Mc-
Catterty (wife of James), lot on .n line of Twenty
ninth street, 2i6 W of fcanchez, \V 25 by > 114;
$140 i).
Abraham P. and Fmma L. Van Duzerto Adolph
Petry, lot on N line of Twenty-fifth street, 130 X
of Noe, B 60 by R 114: ilO.
i Julia -amu Milder to Mary Teresa James, lot on
W line ot Noe street 76:6 S of Tenty-tbird,' s 25
by W 100: $900. -
Ado. ph Sutro to Frank Falrcloth, lot on ' X line
of Fony-Hlzth ay. nue, 150 sot Point Lobos ave
nue, b 25 by k. 120; $10. '■' • .•■--- ...
■ Same to same, lot on Kline of Forty-sixth ave
nue, 1/5 S of Point Lobos. 8 -5 by X 120; $10.
- Caroline Bat<«s to Hannah H.Jones, lot on E
line of tort} -ninth avenue, 100 si of I street, is
300 by E 240; $10. --
- Leon Carrel to Benoite Bonnardel, lots 44 to 47,
block 1, Lakevlew; cut. . .
Thomas G. and Louise Roth to Earl F. Crane, lot
on s line of Hood avenue, 300 W of Detroit, W
25 by S 112:6, lot 24, block '.'9, Sunnyslde: $10.
: A. F. Morris to E. Tuggart, lots 371 to 376.
Gift Map 3; $10.
Martin ' Wlnther to C. S. Martin, lot 43, block
37, Sunnyslde Homestead Association; $10.
C S. Martin to i harlotte Willis, same: $10.
James L. Crittenden to Sidney xi. Van Wyck,
lot on N line of Thirty-second street, 131:5 E of
Fowler avenue, X 114 by E 2 '>. portion of block
101, Bunnyslde Addition No. 1; $10.
AT.AMEDA COITNTT.
Fletcher A. Flaherty to Belle Flaherty, lot on .V
line of Walter avenue, 120 Kof Elm street, X 80
by N : 182. lots 4 and 5. blocs R, amended map,
Moss tract, Brooklyn Township: gift.
Mary J. Mos-s. Jessie E. ana Perry. H. Aoseon,
W. L. and Lulu a. Taylor to Mary Mulcahey, lots
18 and 19, b ock I>. amended Map of Moss Tract,
Brooklyn township: $10.
P. E. and Mary A. Bowles to Alice H. Cornwall,
lot on S line of I leventh street, 140 Eof Oak. E
40 by N 100, b!<ck 166, Oakland: $10. <
M. W. and Emma B. Kaln to Samuel O. Holmes,
lot on F. line of Louise street, 350 N of B. S 25 by
X 133. being subdivision c In lot 4, block 800
Watts ! ract. Map 2, Oakland; $10.
• ' Samuel- Br^ok to Angelette J. Breck, lot on NW
corner of Orchard and Summit streets, .V Ho by
W 160, telng lot* 11 and 12, block B, Armea'
Tract, Oakland: gift.
J. H. and Anna Klego to John F. Hawley, lot on
NE corner -of Piedmont and Glen avenues, E
125.43, > 45, W 1.5. 8 50 to be inning being
portion of lot 25. being a subdivision of lots 2. 3, 4
and 42, Glen Echo Tract, Map 2, Oakland Town
ship: $10.
■ .Mary J. Ryer to R. E. Tappan, lots 6 and 7
block 46, T. A. Smith's' Map of : block 46 and 47,
lands adjacent to Kncinal. .\ lameJa, and lot 8, Map
of l.eonu. Brooklyn Township: $10.
' Alvln and Nellie Crowe to Martha C. Glbnoy. lot
B, block 54, Alaaaeda Park Homestead, Alameda
slo. . '
Annie E. .Draper to C. H. . McGeorg», lot on N
line of Clement avenue, 210 X of Willow street,
B 30 by IS 130, Deing portion of bloc* 15, lands
adjacent to Kncinal. Alameda; $10. , . 
Pacific lmprovem?nt, i oranany ,to George T.
Towlerion, lot on 4 line of Bu- Vista avenue,
lb0:ll W of St.' Charles street, 8 150 by W 31,
being ■ the W 31 feet of lot 13, block l, map of
property of Columbus Bartlett, a Unit da $lv. ■
Alameda Lani Company to E. D Macdonald,
lot on Vy line of St Charles str?et. 300 b of Buena
Vista avenue, 8 bO b>- W 129:11, being portion of
lots 14. 1 5 and 16, block L. same, Alameaa; $10. . :
A. A. Fink and Manilla Erkcnbrecher to . .-Mice
H. Hyxbee, lot on NX line cf college way, 160 E
from Ecst Mil via, X 40 by N 131 31. being lot 25,
block 5, oca View Park. Berkeley; $10.
: Joseph P. Dieves to 1.1. 1 ie Dieves, lot beginning
at a point on s\V lac of main county road, lead
ing from Oakland to Kan Leandro, from which
point lof . beginning, the - most X corner lands of
Jos ph P. Dieves, by deed of April 3. 1892, bears
Mv 17 feet distant; thence along •junty road.
NW »1.40 fe't, aW 164.J0 feet, *ii 41) to fc>E
boundary of above tract of land; thence SE 161
feet to beginning. Brooklyn Township: gift. ■
•W. P. Davidson (by .Tax Col.ctor) to J: G.
Klumpke, lot 6-, Oak.and Prospect Homestead,
Oak I ana; $2. '.'■;.■ •
•■ same to same, lot 71; same, Oakland; $2.
John O. Klurup c to W. T. Davidson, lots 52
and 71, same. Oaiclaud, q itcl aim deed: $10.
. L. H. Mershon to -Mary K. FieU, lot on BE cor
ner Bay and Williams ' streets, U IB 1:2*4, 8
145:11. W 157:10 16-. 6. N 110 to beuinutne,
be ng lots 11 to 18. block 46, to^etin r with inai
port on ■ lying - .mmtdlateiy e> theieor. " formerly
known as Belle str ret, being portion of lands at
Oakland Point ferry landing, Oakland, warranty
deed; $.-0.-^.>'--.-- ■:-■.■-■ w.. ■;,; :.i-.-.-.--.   ,
Jacob 11. and Maria Scamitz to Herman F. and
Annie C. Piennlngr, lot on >E line of | Peraita
8 reel, 110 SV\ from S line of Central avenue, sW
4\ SE 86:5, Nh to point of. intersection thereon
of a 1 in- drawn from place of beginning at. rigtit
angles HE from -i- lin<- of P. rail a street 84, thence
Kb 84 to beginning, beln* lot 2 and portion of lot
6, map of survey No. 1018, Oakland: $10.
Alexander Brown to Aiamda F. lioitr, lot on W
line of Vald«: street, 75 N of - Uennlson, N 75 by
W.I 25, being the » hall of lot 3 and N 25 feet Of
lot 4, Mock E, -hell Mound Tract, East Oakland -
$10. ■;■■;-•". ■ -■-■ ■■•■■'. -■■--:■-■- -
- Same to same, lot on 8 line of Dennlson street,
100 W of Kennedy, W i.5 by s: 00, block D, same,
fast Oakland; $5. T~- , • -
William Manson' to 'Francis D. Becker, lot on E
line of v alnut street, 204:8 N of Vine, N 100 by
X 194:7, being lots 11. la. and 13. and a 424 of
lot 10 and N 5^3 of lot 14, block 3, Antlsell
Tract: $10. - - /. ■- •
fj> Oliver • hllsvorth to ■ Berce ' Nelsen. lot on ■NE
corner of Kit b street and Charming way, E 43 by
N 10C, being lot 20, block l..b', corrected map,
Raymond Tract, Berkeley; flu. 1-'1 -' .-. -.•■•.-
A. C Berthier to Lucille "H., wife of a W. For
man, undivided hMf interest In following prop
erty: Lot 1 to 14. 18 10 65,73 to 1(0 X mliurst
Park, -Brooklyn Township; itlto lots 1 to '.'5, 74 to
102, 105 to 117, 121, 1-2, 123 and 125, Eimhurst
Park map 2, Bro- klyir Township; also a I' of lot
16, Elmhurst Park; Brooklyn Township; $10. \
• Llllle E. Stoweil to Fred . >towe 1. lots (J and
D, block 22, Alamed* Park Homestead, .warned*
slo. i., -.. ..-.-■;■. ■•-'■ ' '-'•'■■■ - . . ■■-■•' y:: -H
Bnilders' Contract
'Esther Attell with 'John Hayes, alterations and
additions 10 & t«o-story frame buifitimi ou W line
of .Geary street, 110 Wof Lark in, Towisend &
W.vneken, architects; $-200. *-'. * • .L • -
W. 6. i ml H. C Wolf with "1_ ana E. Emannel,
store fixtures, etc., to building ou N| corner of
l'owell and Ellis ■ streets; *795; rDe . Prosae it
Meussdorffer, architects.; v?. ; /• . v .-/
COOK & CO.
123 Keurny Street.
>''•■ ' ' ' - " '■ - ■ • ■ *
TO-MORROW EVENING AT 8 O'CLOCK.
QORGEOU3 ' CHINA WARE.
MAGNIFICENT ORNAMENTS,
Exquisite Lamps, Rich Cut Glass,
Beautiful Dinner Sets,
J3k.T AUCTION.
The Greatest Auction Sale in History,
Dally at 2 o'clock p. m.
, V. J. BAKTH. Auctioneer.
P. J. BARTH, AUCTIONEER.
. J. i>AhlH, AlJlfliUiiLmi.
TO-MORROW. Monday, Nov. 23. 189 6,
At II A. M.. at Salesroom, .
-114 MOALIL.ISTER ST.,
OFFICE FURNUURE, HALL SAFE, ETC.,
-Without reserve, corsistlng of 1 nearly new Hall
Safe, cost $160: .Letter Press: 1 Oak farlor Desk:
1 long Desk; 4 small Dea»s- Tables; 2 High. stools;
Oait Chairs; 1 Glass I'artl.lon; 1 Trick: Lockers;
Maps; 'Sieplsdders: Carpets, etc., and many other
articles. Dealers' attention requested.
I*. J. BAKTH, Auctioneer.
WALTER FOSTER
IS THE CHAMPION
He Defeats Wells in the
Match Races at the
Velodrome.
The Terrill Brothers Invincible
in the Prolessional
Events.
Kenna Is the Amateur Champioa.
Broken R?cords Prove the N^w
Track Fast— M-le in 1:57.
The new Velodrome bicycle track was
opened to the public yesterday afternoon.
The threatening weather did not deter an
immense crowd from attending, and the
people were well repaid, for they wit
nessed one of the best cycle meets ever
held in the State.
Before the day's racing was finished the
ceople saw several coast records broken,
a mile made behind a quadruplet pacing
machine in 1:57, a professional competi
tion mile in 2:08, an amateur competition
mile in 2:071 and altogether as fane a day's
sport of its kind as has ever been seen
here.
The stands are well protected from the
wind and rain, being covered at the sides
ana overhead, and the seating accommo
dations are altogether quite comfortable.
It is intended 'shortly to roof the entire
track, and grounds, and give night meets
during the winter.
The track is situated on the block
bounded by Hayes, Fell, Biker and Lyon
streets, at the beginning of the panhandle
entrance to the part.
The meet was handled by the officials of
the League of American "Wheelmen, prom
inent in all local cycling affairs. The of
ficers of the day were: Keferee, R. M.
Welch; judges— H. H. White, E. B.
Jerome, ¥. H. Kerrigan; timers — G. I.
Weimore, G. H. Stratton, A. P. Swain;
scorer — Sol Peiser, George Brouiilet, H.
D. Hadenfeldt; umpires — Douglas White,
J. S. Egan, C. E. Griffiths, R. S. Duncan;
clerk of course, R. P. Aylward; assistants
—Charles D. Petre, David Marshall, A. W.
Wene; starter, R. C. Lennie; announcer,
George E. DLxon; marshal, R. L. Long;
handicapper. R. A. Smythe.
Tne drawing card of the meet was the
matching of Walter F. Fosterof the Olym
pic Ciub Wheelmen and Charles S. Wells
of the Bay City Wheelmen for three races
at one, two and five miles, paced. The
men have long been rivals for the cham
pions!.ip honors of the coast and in the
professional class are probably tue fastest
men on the coast.
The first race, at one mile, was a com
paratively easy victory for Foster, as pre
dicted in The Call yesterday. R. E.Dow
of San Jose was the pacemaker and set a
hot clip for four laps. On the fifth Wells
took the lead and started on his long
sprint. Foster could not be shaken off,
however, ana. rounding into the home
sireich gradually gained on W/ell3, cross
ing the tape a couple of inches ahead of
him amid the greatest enthusiasm. The
time was 2:17 3-5.
The two mile was a "corker." Boyden
paced the first six laps and Dow the next
rive. Fodter seemed satisfied to stay back
all the way, giving Wells the t.ole. This
was an advantage he made the most of.
As they rounded the first turn of the last
lap Wells led by a wneel's length, which
gap F ister was not slow to close upon
the back-treich. Coming into the straight
they were neck and neck all the way,
fighting like mad for a bit of a lead, but
neither gained an inch and they crossed
the line even up. as dead a i.eat as was
every run. It was a magnificent ride, and
the people thoroughly appreciated it. The
time wa* 4:37 3 5.
Afer a long rest the men again came
out, this time lor the five- mile run. They
were paced by Dow and Boyden on a tan
dem, and the pace was fa>t enough to suit
the most exacting. The first mile was
made in 2:29; two miles, 4:47 4-5; three
miles, 7:01; four miles. 9:09 4-5. And then
the pace began to increase and tue people
began to get excited. On the twenty
ninth lap the tandem dropped out and left
the men to fight it out alone. Foster had
the pole and kept it, with Wells at his
eibow, contesting every inch of the way.
He was a few inches behind and never
made it up, Foster beating him out aiter
a r markable ride in 11:13 4-5. The vic
tory was decisive, and Foster was cneered
to the echo as be dismounted.
The V"£odrome shield race, one mile
professional, was divided into three trial
heats and a final, first and second in each
heat %d qualify. T c first was won by
Harry Terrill, 'Bay City, in 2:30, Dow of
Seattle second. The next heat wjs a tie
between two Los Angeles cracks, McCrea
and Whitman, in 2:29. '•Bob" Terrill
beat Jones, his old-tin. t> rival, and Becker,
ttie tive-miie National champion, in the
third heat, in 2:25 4-5.
Tbis brought a hot field into the final,
and to make it speedier pacing was intro
duced. On the fifth lap they were all
buncued, with the Terrill brothers in the
lead. Harry kept in front almost to the
tape, v» hen "B <b '' came ou the outs.de
with his famous sprint and pas-ed him,
winning by inches. Whitman of Los An
aeles got third. The time made was ex
ceedingly fast, 2:08 1-5, and iroes to show
what a speedy track the Velodrome is.
But this time wasn't "in it" with that
made in the final of the amateur mile in
vitation.
There were three neatsand a final in this
race, first and second to qualify. The
event brought out the cream of the ama
teur talent of the coast and was supposed
to practically decide the championship for
the year in that class.
Kenna of Oakland won the first heat in
clever style from Hamlin, Raynaud and
Crafts, in ihe rather slow time of 2:39.
Another Oak lander, Squires, took the sec
ond in 2:25 3-5, and still another sprinter
from across the bay, Decker, won the next
heat in 2:30 1-5. Thus it was evident the
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
£» £& &* fe
BYORDER OF CREDITORS. ,
WE WIT.L SELL
"CONTENTS OF LIVJiKY STABLE,
3111 SiXTEEISTH ST.; Ift. VALENCIA,
TO-MORROW.
M0nday.... ....... ...... November 23, 189 C,
; • ' ; At 11 o'clock A. K. '•:.■
_ Stock consists of 40 Ho 1. -.63 (including 1 Fine
Black Sinsie-tooter. Extra Fi,.e black Hack
Team), 3 Hack., 6 Surreys, 2 Rockawava, 20
Buckles, 1 Depot Bus, 5 Carts, 6 Wagons'. Har-
ness, - add es, Uobes, etc. Also Office Furniture,
Goodwin of iiusiiifss, 1, ase, etc.
_ The above stock will be positively sold to the
highest bidder, without reserve
BULLIVAS & DOYI.E, Auctioneers.
: , " Ofllce, 327 sixth st.
SELLING OUT
AT HALF COST— WAGONS, BUGGIES, CARTS
AM) harness OF t.vi-.Rv DE-
. SCKIi'TroN. both New and
Second-hand.
NO OFFER REFUSED
1122-1128 MISSION STREET.
-■■--..- MADIGA.V «ft CO.
amateur championship W3s in a fair way
to go to Alameda County, tuough Ha.mlin
and Leitch of Sacramento and Birdsall of
this City rode second in the lieats, thereby
getting into the hnal and still having a
fisriiting chance.
In the final Decker slipped a pedal and
fell, taking one good man out of the race.
Paced tor five laps, the speed at which the
men traveled seemed terrific for such a
small track. Kenna had the role or the
last lap, close pressed by Squires, Hamlin
ajid Leitch. They never caught him, and
Kenna rode home the established amateur
champion for the year. Squires got sec
ond, Leitch third. *The time was 2:07 3-5,
the fastest amateur mile ever ridden on
the coast in competition, and therefore a
record, aud one that will be hard to beat.
After a slight rest Kenna came out and
rode a mile against time paced by the
'"quad," manned by Dixon, Vincent,
Kraft and Lohse of the Bay City Wt;eel
men. They made the half mile in :57 2-5,
a coast record, and the mile in 1:57 1-5,
another record, by three seconds. Truly
the man and the track are fast. Kenna
did not seem at all drawn out, and can
probably better that time several seconds.
A mile race run by Chinamen, dressed
in their own ideas as to cycle racing cos
tumes, was introduced between races and
created considerable amusement. The
winner was announced to be One Lung.
C. D. Gooch and B. H. Eiford of the
Reliance Club then came out for a haif
miie tandem trial against time, and made
it in 53 seconds, breaking the coast record,
and coming within two seconds of the
world's record. They tried it again later,
riding the half in :57 1-5.
C. J. Birdsall. the son of popular Lieu
tenant Birdsall of the police, with A.
Thiesen, then took a shy at the world's
amateur mile-tandem record of 2:03. T ey
made it in 2:03 2-5, so the record remained
untouched.
In the first heat of the mile handicap,
professional, Becker of Minneapolis,
Downing of San Jo^e and Terrill, Bay
City, rjuaiitied, Becker winning from 20
yards in 2:15 1-5.
Whitman of Los Angeles won the second
heat from 40 yards in 2:13 1-5. Dow of
Seattle got second, and Harry Terrill, who
nearly ran off the track on the iifth lap,
got third place, beating out Jones.
The final saw a bad tumble near the
finish of the last lap, caused by Dow of
Seattle, who crowded Harry Terrill and
fell, bringing down the two Terrills, Whit
man and himself. Harry Terrill was badly
bruised. Downing and Becker cleared
the wreck and finished in the order named.
"Bob" Terrill jumped to his feet and
dragged his wh^el across the tape, getting
third money. Dow deserves all the cen
sure for the accident, which might have
resulted more seriously.
The following is thesummary:
Velodrome shield rac (professional), one
mile:
First heat— H. F. TerrJ* l.Bay City, first; C.
E. Dow, teattle, second^aTJnie, 2:3*0.
Second heat — Dead hb"i between H. E. Mc-
Crea, Bay City, ar.d D. E. Whitman, Los
Angeles. Time. 2:ii9.
Tnird heat— W. A. Terrill. Bay City, first;
Allan Jones, Olympic, second. Time, 2":25 4-5.
Final heat— W. A. lerrill, Bay City, first: H.
F. Terrill, Bay City, second; D. E. Whitman,
iios Angeles, third. Time, 2:08. 1-5.
One mile amateur, Invitation:
First heat — J. R. McKenna, Bay City, first;
George M. Uamlin, Sacrameuto, second. Time,
2:39.
Second heat— H. W. Squire, Acne, first; C. J.
BirdsaU, California, se«-ond. Time, 2:25 3-5.
Third heat— E. \V. Decker, Acme, first: a \V.
3/eitch, Sacramento, second. Time, 2:30 1-5.
Final heat— J. R. Kenna, Bay City, first; H.
W. Squires, Acme, second; 8. W. Leitcn, Sacra
mento, third. Time, 2:07 3-5.
One-mile handicap, professional:
First heat— \V. E. Becker, Minneapolis, first,
20 yards; H. Downing, San Jose, secon 1, 35
yards; W. A. Terrill, Bay City, third, scratch.
Time, 2:15 1-5.
Second heat— D. E Whitman, Los Angeles,
first, 40 yards; C. E. Dow, Seattle, seconu, 5o
yards; H. F. Terrill, Bay City, third, 20 yards.
Time, 2:13 1-5.
Finai heat— H. Downing, San Jose, first. 35
yards; D. E. Becker. Minneapolis, second, 20
yards; W. A. Terrill, Bay City, third, scratch.
Time, 2:23 2-5.
Match rac'.-s between Walter F. Foster,
Olympic Cluo Wheelmen, and Charles S. Wells,
Bay City Wheelmen. One mile — Won by Fos
ter; time, 2:17 3-5. Two miles— Dead heat;
time, 4:37 3-5. Five miles— Won by Foster;
time, 11:13 4-5.
HEW TO-DAY.
A Wonderful Medic/no
P*iWs
for Bill otta and Nervous disorders.such as Wind
and Patn In tbe Stomach, Sick Headache, Glddl-
ness, Fullness and Swelling alter meals. Dizzi-
ness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings ol
Beat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Cos-
tlvoness, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep,
Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb-
ling Sensations, *0., when these aymptoms aro
caused by constipation, as most of them are.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF IN TWENTY
MINUTES. This Is no fiction. Every sufferer Is
earnestly invited to try one Box of these Pills
and tbey will be acknowledged to bo
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHATI'S PILLS, taken as directed.
Will quickly restore Females tocomplete health.
They promptly remove obstructions or irregu-
lar l'Jes of the system. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
they act like magic — a fow doses will work won,
dors upon the Vital Organs; strengthening the
muscular system, restoring the long-loßt com-
plexion, bringing back the keen edge ot appe-
tite, and arousing with the Rosebud of
Health tbe whole physical energy ot
the human frame. These are facts admitted by
thousands, In all classes of society, and one ot
the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debili-
tated is that Beecham'S Pills have the
Largest Sale of any Patent HZcdicina
in the World.
WITHOUT A RIVAL.
Annual Sales more than 6,000,000 Boxes
■ 25c. at Drug Stores, or , will bo sent by ', XT. 0.
Agents. B.F. ALLEN CO., 365 Canal St., New
Xork, post paid, upon receipt ot pries. Boot
fxc» upon application. \ :
1314
The Golden Gate Was Filled With Grain Ships Yesterday, All Eager to Get to Sea on Their Way to Europe. In Consequence Nearly Every Tug in the. Port Was
Engaged. Quite a Number of Vessels Got In at the Same Time.
TO CREATE THREE
HEW JUDGES
A Bill in Preparation to
Increase the Judi
ciary.
It Will Provide for Three Addi
tional Superior Courts
Here.
The Matter Will Be Press d at the
Nex: S ssion of the Legis
lature.
A movement has been started in this
City with the object of creating three new
Superior Courts for the City and County
of San Francisco. Already it has pro
gressed far enough to have assumed "def
inite proportions, and many attorneys de
clare that tremendous influence will be
brought into requisition to carry out the
plan successfully. Among tne lawyers
are several who favor the proposition on
the ground that the calendar of the Supe
rior Courts has lonsc been so overcrowded
that the administration of justice is ob
structed.
And all this delay is attributed not to
any neglect on the part of the Judges, but
to the inability of twelve departments to
deal promptly with all the cases on the
calendar.
The method to be employed will be a
petition to the State Legislature at its
next session praying for relief to the ex
tent of three new Judges for San Fran
cisco. At the same time a bill will be
introduced by a representative from this
City providing for the erection of thne
additional departments of the Superior
Court and the appointment by Governor
Budd of Judges to preside on these
benches.
While attorneys discuss the matter
freely and say that they know that such a
bill is to be introduced "in the Legislature,
the father of the proposed act is still keep
ing himself in the background. An atter
ney said yesterday that he had begun to
work on the bill, but iet it drop on receiv
ing information direct from a colleague
that another Dili was in preparation. Ed
ward T. Cole, whose offices are in the Mills
building, has been gathering duta concern^
ing the present crowded condition of the
Superior Court calendar.
The result of these investigations will
be presented as a powerful argument in
f;ivor of establishing the new Superior
Courts without del^y. It will show to the
s-atisfaction of Assemb ..vmen and Senators
that the twelve presetit departments aie
wholly inadequate to meet the constant
and growing demands upon them from
the people of San Francisco. In the argu
ment for the bill it will be shown that the
volume of legal business has increased
yearly with the growth of the City, and
claimed that the Superior Courts, which
were only able to handle the business of
years ago, are far behind the times in their
capacity.
But this will not be in the nature of a
reflection upon the courts; it will be used
to convince the Legislature that San Fran-
■'-''/-;'■?-. 7 HEW TO-DAT.
If a flowering
jjfflnW plant does not
• Wp s*j blossom, there's
little beauty in it.
Vkß ' nobody cares for
beiug. It is in-
/ complete— un-
M \iQ* finished.
M Times without
Mk I H number women
jB have been liken-
V ed to flowers —
ml I and rightly. But
■ ' * what of her
M> «c|4 •- tM whose physical
BJ3'***i -'• '2S condition corres-
■QgnygL^l ponds with the
■B; 3^^S^S^'- blossomless
m^^^^S^l^ plant? What of
mS^^^^^^^^S^i tbe woman whom
JgjSKjwagSJK^w weakness has
fnW/NX^Vh'Z-yi^ made not wholly
■|6w?^WfMlßBßffß3 an^ wholi-somely
a wotnan ? Many
things lead to de-
rangement of a
woman's delicate
organism. It may be due to carelessness.
It may be due to ignorance fostered by
mistaken parents on the plea of preserving
modesty. ;
It may result from improper treatment of
some minor trouble. Whatever sickness a
woman has, it seems always to affect the
organs which make her a woman and these
in turn work upon all the rest There is
much insanity among women. It is really
surprising that there is not more. •
The troubles peculiar to their sex work
strongly on the nerves. They drag: upon
the most delicate nerves in . the body and
the inflammation always present causes a
debilitating drain that will enervate the
most robust.
- Dr. Pierce s Favorite Prescription has
brought comfort and health to thousands
of suffering women. For many years, Dr.
Pierce has been Chief Consulting Physician
at the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Insti-
tute ;at Buffalo, N. Y. ,He has ; used the
, Favorite Prescription " all the time, with
uniform ■ success. With • it, : there -is> no
need of the commonly insisted upon dis-
tressing examinations ■ and r "local '■■-. treat-
ment." Ten cents sent to World's Dispen- '
sary Medical Association, will bring a book '
of : 168 pages, sealed in a plain envelope 1
Cisco has grown too large for a dozen su
perior tribunals of justice.
The matter has been discussed by the
Judges themselves, and they look with
favor upon it. One of »heni said that the
Law Journal, which contains tne calen
dar, was the best evidence of the inability
of the courts to dispose of business
promptly.
Attorney John T. Greany is one of the
many lawyers who know about the pro
posed bill. "I am interes'ed in it to this
extent," he $aid yesterday, "'that it would
«ive us Judges enough to dispose of all
the business that is now necessarily in ar
rears. That the bill will be presented to
the .Legislature I have not the slightest
doubt, for it has been taken up seriously
by some attorneys here, but who they are
I cannot state just now. There are differ
ent interests at work, and of course that
is the main reason why the thing is kept
quiet.
"You know if the bill should become a
law the three Judges would be appointed
by the Governor.
"Their terms would run until the next
general election, when thpir positions
would have to be filled in the regular way
by-election. Just now the question is,
Whonj would the Governor appoint'
Would he take into con^deration the vote
of last elections when the people expressed
their choice (or judges? That is, would he
take up the fifth highest candidate on the
ticket and the sixth and seventh? Of
course no one can teil what might be done,
but there is a strong impression among
lawyers that his Excellency would largely
be influenced by the popular vote in his
selection. In any event it would be safe
to predict that Frank Murasky and
Rhodes Borden would be two oi the new
Judges— at least, I should hope so.
"As for the necessity of increasing the
judiciary, that needs no argument in view
of the state of the Superior calendar. The
Superior Judges are the hardest workers
in the City Hall. Most of their time is
spent in chambers siudying cases, hunt
ing up authorities submitted to them and
arriving at decisions. It is positively
through no fault of theirs that the calen
dar is crowded. There aje men in the
County Jail who have been there over a
year waiting trial on account of the de
mand upon the courts. AH these facts
will De brought to bear in effecting a pas
sage of the bill."
BANQUET TO REINSTEIN.
The Faculty of the California Univer
sity £ntertain Him Before
Going 1 :mt.
An informal dinner was given Regent
J. B. Reinstein of the State University
last night at 615 Sacramento street by
members of the faculty and alumni. It
was an extremely enjoyable affair. The
dinner began at 7 and continued till about
10 o'clock.
Mr. Reinstein is to leave on Tuesday for
the East in connection with the obtaining
of permanent building plans for the Cali
fornia University, ol which he is a grad
uate. The dinner was in honor of the
event and as a compliment to him for the
ereat interest he is taking in the univer
sity. There were laudatory speeches of
the great institution and something of an
interchange of opinion regarding the
plans. It was generally agreed that noth
ing should be left undone which would
aid the university.
Mr. Reinstein is to visit the ereat cities
like St. Louis, Chicago, Philadelphia,
Boston ana New York, as well as the
small towns which are the seats of great
educational institutions. He will see the
presidents of each institution and other
officers and get all the details he can of
importance. The following were present
at the dinner: J. B. Reinstein, Proiessors
Henry Senger, Howison, Moses, Slate,
Stringham, Ritter. Soule, Haskell, Jones,
Co-y, Armes, O'Neill, Magee, Messrs. Le
Conte, Morrison, Davis, Sutton.
DEAN IS TIRED.
Thinks His* Bail Bond Is Entirely Too
High.
A. H. Dean, the Nevada Bank forger
who is in jail in default of $50,000 bail,
will make an appl. cation to Judge Wal
lace next Friday for a reduction of his
bond. He says that it is understood he is
to be released as soon as the Supreme
Court deciiies tne cases against Becker and
Creesran, and lor that reason he things
$50,000 bail ia excessive.
Dean was promised immunity for his
share in the passing of a fraudulent $22,000
check on the Nevada Bank becaus • he
"turned State's evidence" and supplied
facts sufficient to secure the conviction of
his companions in crime, and he expected,
to be released as soon as the trial was
over.
The police authorities wanted to make a
sure thing of th» conviction of Becker and
Creegan and asked that Dean be kept
under lock and key until it is learned
whether a new trial is to be granted by the
Supreme Court.
If another trial should be allowed it
would be almost impossible to secure an
other conviction without Dean. He does
not think the police are treating him
right, and says that if ha bail is reduced
to a rea-onable amount he will be abe to
get out and enjoy a mouthiul of fresh air.
EXHAUSTED THE ESTATE.
Mm. Fowden Offers a Balance of
•8 58% to Her Hatband's Relatives.
Magtie Graham-Fowden, widow of the
late Thomas W. G. Graham and since
married to Frank Fowden of Berkeley,
has filed her final account as administra
trix of her husband's estate. The docu
meut shows thai the property coming into
her posession amounted to $5725 10 and
ihat tde total disbursements, including
family allowance until her remarriage
and commissions as administratrix
amounted to $5708 O3.whicb exhaus'ed the
estate to sue h an extent that only $17 17
remains. Haif of thi< sum she claims as
widow 0/ the deceased and she ask* Judge
Coffey to set a day when she will be a
lowed to render her final a< count and turn
over the $8 58]4 due to the heirs in Scotland,
of which there is a myriad.
JVU honey 's^Watch.
Senator Mahonev has recovered his pold
watch, which was stolen from him while wit
nes*ink a fight in Iront of the Ba dwln Hotel
Thursday nißht. Po.ieemau Rlchter lound it
m a pawnshop on Kearny street, where it had
been pledei-d about half an hour after the
Senator had missed iv The police have no clew
to the thief.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22. 1896.
AN EXODUS OF
GRAIN VESSELS
Many of Them Sailed for
Europe aod India Yes
terday.
Port Costa Is Crowded With
Vessels That Are Now Tak
ing Wheat Aboard.
The Cruiser Philadelphia Has Taken
Aboard 1500 Tons of Coal and Is
Ready for S. a.
The biggest fleet of deep-water ships
that Las left this port in many a day
sailed for foreign parts yesterday. Every
tugboat in the bay was bus}' and in conse
quence the water front was almost de
serted. Among the vessels that went out
were the British ship Ross-shire for Lon
don, the Cromartyshire for Queenstown,
the Rabaue for London, the Queen Mar
caret for Queenstown, the American ship
Oriental for Nanaimo, B. C, and the
American bark Prussia for Port Blakeley.
Ail the vessels were in the Golden Gate at
one time and the addition of a pilot-boat
and some coasting schooners inward
bound made up the liveliest scene that has
occurred on the bay in many a day.
Tiie United States cruiser Philadelphia
is coaling and every available inch of space
is being crowded with fuel. She will prob
ably sail to-morrow for Callao and an at
tempt will be made to break the record.
The warship is just off the drydock and
nas received a thorough overhauling.
What the reason for haste is cannot be
ascertained, but one Ihinp; is certain the
Philadelphia will make for Callao without
a stop and at a higu rate of speed.
Over 1500 tons of coal have been put on
the cruiser, and at the present time her
decks do not present a very trim appear
ance. Everything will be shipshape be
fore sailing day, however, and when
Callao is reached the officers and crew will
learn what has taken them there in a
hurry.
The Abbey Club, composed principally
of wharfingers and collectors on the water
front, gave a social at its headquarters in
Sausalito last evening. Chief W arlineer
Root and Assistant Chief Wharfinger Scott
looked after the weliare of t c cuests, so
it is no wonder that everybody had a most
enjoyable time of it. Those who attended
the social were: Mr, and Mrs. G. W.
Root, Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Stafford, Mr.
and Mrs. W. F. Gibson, Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Acche, Mr. and Mrs. J. 8. Tyler
Mr. and Mrs. G. ri. S. Dryden, Miss Edna
J. Scott, Miss Mac Root, the Misses Eva
and Blanche Fairweather, Miss Jennie
Gibson, Mi.«s Carrie Keith, the Misses
Anna and Tina Haas, Miss Nora Culp,
Miss Mabel Washburn, Miss Josephine
Dufficy, Ada Fogel, Messrs. C. F. Mey
wood, G. £. Bennett, F. C. and G. Ham
mond. H. S. Scott, Alex. Rosborough H
P. Taylor, Dr. E. H. Pake, C. C. Pratt, f!<
B. Hall, G. S. Beacbel, F. M. Weaton,
Eaward Haas, "Prince' Johnson, Leon
Swartz, James Gray, Walter Culp, J. F.
Root.
One of thn smartest pieces of work done
on the water front in many a day was the
unloading of 460,000 feet of lumber from
the barkentine James A. Garfield in nine
teen hours. The work was done und r
the supervision 01 C. L. Deiinet and he is
justly proud of the performance. The
Dandling of so much lumber in such a
short space of time ia remarkably quicic
work.
Captain Thomas W. Hutchinson, marine
surveyor for Gutte & Frank, died at his
residence, 927 Twentieth street, yesterday
morning. He was at one time a bay pilot
and was Known to every shipping man in
the City. He was well liked in all circles
and the flags along the front were all at
balfmast out of resneci to his memory.
The schooner J. W. Weatherwax put in
here last night leaking. She was on her
way from Grays Harbor to Levuka, Fiji,
with a load of lumber, but sprang a leak
during the recent heavy gale and had to
put in for repairs.
The schooner C. A. Merchant arrived
last night flying her flag at halfmast. She
also was caught in the recent storm and
one of the crew was washed overboard.
The Merchant was a long time out, buying
taten sixteen days to get here from Ever
ett. Wash.
The British ship California was sold last
Tuesday for £17,600. She belonged to the
White Star line and was the last of its
fleet of sailing ships.
The British ship Duncan arrived off this
port yesterday and, according to instruc
tion*, one of the pilots ordered her to
proceed to Port Townsend to load for
Europe.
BIS SKULL FRACTURED.
Walter Goodwin, a Boy, Fell Down
1 wo Flights of Stair*.
Walter Goodwin, 14 years of age, met
with a serious accident yesterday morn
ing which may prove fatal. He lives with
his parents at 520 Howard street and was
carrying a parcel upstairs to his mother
when he slipped and fell backward down
two flights of stairs. He was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where it was found
that his skull was fractured and be had
sustsined internal injuries.
About six months ago the boy was em
ployed running an elevator, and by some
means or other got his skull tractured. He
thoroughly recovered from that accident
and now lie has his skull fractured again.
All to Her Husband.
Mrs. Catherine Foley'a will was filed in the
County ClerK's office yesterday. The property
ia worth $2000. consisting of an Interest in
the estate of Marparet d'Arcey. deceased. The
entire estaie of Mrs. Foiey is bequeathed to her
Husband, Thomas Foley, unconditionally. No
provision is made for the decedent's .-on John,
lor the reason that etie wiihed him to depend
in the will of his father ior his support.
THAT LAST AGREEMENT.
The Contract Between Mrs. Craven and
the Fair Heirs Open to Delmaa'
Inspection.
Mrs. Nettie Craven has come out vic
torious in the first legal bout in which she
engaged with the heirs of the Fair estate.
She lays claim to certain property which
was conveyed to her by a deed signed by
the late Senator James G. Fair.
Yesterday D. M. Delnias appeared be
fore Judge Slack with an application to
examine the much-talk, d-of agreement
made by the heirs of the Fair estate to pay
Mrs. Craven $500,000, alleging that it was
"material to his client's case," etc., the
same as Mr. Lloyd had done the day be
fore in the case of the deeds.
The order was granted by Judge Slack,
and the half-million-dullar contract will
he subjected to the scrutiny of Mrs.
Craven's lawyers on Tuesday. As this
was the object which Mrs. Craven has
been attempting to attain for some time
she feels somewhat jubilant over ncr suc
cess.
CRAZY WITH DRINK.
.Ij. J. Buxeby Arrested for Assault to
Commit Murder.
L. J. Buxeby, a young man 21 years of
age, was arrested yesterday morning by
Policeman J. D. McLean,, and booked at
the City Prison 00 the charge of assault to
commit murder.
Buxeby was employed in Dixon's tub
works, in a lane off Eighth street, between
Market and Mission. Yesterday morn
ing, while considerably under tne influ
ence of liquor, he went to the works and
raised a disturbance, ending up with
pulling a revolver out of his pocket and
rimng three shots at the legs of Kobbel
Cane, one of the workmen. The bullets
fortunately missed their mark.
Policeman M-Lean heard the shots, and
placed Buxeby under arrest. Cane was
also taken to the prison and \ ooked as
complaining witness in the case. Cnne
said he did not want to prosecute Buxebv
as he was crazy from drinK and did not
know what he was doing.
Acknowledged superior, the Waltz safes, in
all sizes. 109 and 111 Market St., 8. F. •
Dan L.c try's Job.
Daniel Leary, as was expected, has succeeded
In landing in the office of Deputy Auditor to
succeed Captain Thomas, and was sworn In at
the Auditor's office yesterday. Leary has held
Jjfcjl jof m _ft^r(f3Rp3BPi?^^^^TlyHJi^9^B^s 19 A Hb^bShsTl ■Q S Sk El
y iil^illiil.y/
THESE PRICES I | CANT Lalt
v. ■;. ;■■■■ -ilfiiiffiliiiSlK:; ftiilil : ■
KELLY & LIEBES'
Cloak and Suit House,
;;;.■'-;; / 120 Kearny Street. ■ ""'.': ■•
FUR ; v COLLARETTES, IN BLACK CONEY, SATIN-LINED : " & ' _
• ••.••.-•••;. ...■■.. v ...:.v.v:.:....^...... ...:..^. .:..... .::::::::::: 75
BALTIC SEAL FUR CAPES, 27 INCHES DEEP, SATIN-LINED, FUR C 7 p-tv
... TRIMMED. . : . ; .... .'.".*. .'.'.. .". ......... .' .'. .' ;■;'. . . . ..'."; .'. . . . j '. . # ; , _ , ; mm - m :^ : / . 5 O
CHINA SEAL FUR CAPES, VERY WIDE SWEEP. FUR LINED. ClV -«
;•; ■•> ••••■••■. :.v. ;;..;;. *■..-.:;: :.;^-^:--.V-^.v..;.:....-..;.;..::V.-.v.;v;v.^{^>l^»s Q
finest genuine mink neck fur ties, full animal head (t"> _. :
;.:;;ANDTAIL;v;;;;.;^V;;/.:;:.;;.r...:,.:-;vV;;..^- 3>^-75
separate SKIRTS.' full 4U yards .WIDE. hip fitting, lined .-"•
', . and interlined, velveteen BOUND,, fine all wool, ~^
is. s GREEN, BLUE, TAN CHECKS ... . . : . . . . . . . .... . ; .... . . ...;........... • .PP.
ELEGANT BROCADE FIGURED WOOL DAM ASSES SKIRTS, LINED, tf?-» p-«.
? BOUND AND PERFECT FITTING A... ;..................;.......:.. »P7'sO
HEAVY ALL-WOOL CREPON SKIRTS, FANCY > AND PLAID CRE CW __ :
PONS, LINED AND WOUND, ELEGANT SKIRTS .:.'.. ■..:..•.'..'../^7.5^
JACKET. SPECIAL— FINEST ALL-WOOL . CLOTH Li JACKETS, GOOD ; '
* SLEKVES, FINEST MATERIALS, BUT LAST -. YEAR'S STYLES. C 1 -~
JACKET WORTH $12, $15. $18 ana $20. YOUR CHOICE $1 50, $260 and
FINE KERSEY CLOTH CAPES, ' GOOD ! SWEEP/. BLACK, TANS AND C«, «^
, ; ;'BLUES..^v.v;::V;;.;r.v.:;:. I.v:/.1 .v:/.. < JiV^.:.^....^.;...A....: .....,4>5.50
VELOUR -PLUSH ■;'cXi?Es7- FUR J TRIMMED, ELEGANT EMBROiD- : <t— ••!;,''■
■ , , ered;. SATIN LINED .:v: :.r.,. .;.■;.■. : . . v; . ; . ! . . : : . . :>;v. .v; v. .■;.;:.••. .;. . ;;;:*p7-5P
VELOUR PLUSH CAPES, LONG LENGTHS. t FINE EMBROIDERED ; C Vii f'i£
:-•■ FUR TRIMMED AND SATIN LINED, worth 50,- SPECIAL FOR $ 1 S»PO
COUNTRY OKDEUS PROMPTLY FILLED. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
a position in the Auditor's office for two years
past and is a popular and efficient official who
has a host of friends in the hall as well as
a ?2S- A no Clty - m * new berth carries a salary
genial per month, and his appointment causes
general satisfaction. ■•>--- -■
FOR TEMPERANCE.
The National Organizer Here to Revive
the Good Work on This
Coast.
This wee* the ladies of the W. C. T. U.
will do some hard work for the cause of
temperance. Mrs. Henrietta Skelton, the
National organizer and lecturer of the
organization, who has been here for sev
eral weeks, will lecture as follows:
„ To-day at 2p. m., Zion M. E. Church ; Bp. m..
West Side Christian. '
Monday, 2:30 p. m., Hamilton-square Baptist
Church; 8 P. m., English Lutheran Church
Tuesday, 2p. M., First Presbyterian Church;
8:30 P. m., Calvary Presbyterian" Church; 8
P. M., Powell-street M. E. Church.
•1 o^' c « nes , c ! Ry> 10 A - m., County Board meeting,
i^o ■ I S IcA } \H WI street; 2p< *•• Central Union
132 McAllister street.
It is to De hoped by the ladies that this
will be the beginning of an active crusade,
which will be in progress on the arrival
here in January of Miss Frances Wil lard
and Lady Henry Somerset. In the mean
time the ladies are anxious to create en
thusiasm for their work and have for
warded the following appeal for publica
tion: . .
THE CITY IS ON FIRE! WAKE UPI
Don't you De ieve it? Lookout an', count ten
thousand places where drink is so.d in sa
loons, groceries, drugstorps, restaurants
hotels, gardens, etc., and then tell me the peo
pie are not on fire 1
There are about 350 women and a few men
banded together 10 quench this fire. The first
thing to do is to get the people awake and
then to the rescue.
We are powerless to do this without help.
\Ae need recruits and suppiies. We apuoai iv
the friends of morality and patriotism and
Cnristisnity to give us a Thanksgiving offering
for this purpose. Bring or send it to our head
quarters at 132 McA; lister street, opposite the
City Hall, and one of our officers will receipt
for the «>ame. Yours 'for God and home aiid
native land." Mrs. Henrietta Skelton,
National organizer and lecturer W. C. T U
Mrs. H. H.Lcse,
County President, San Franc:sc ■>, W. C. T. U.
The Sclinbert Sytnphony Concert*
It has been announced that on Tuesday
evening, December 8. the Schubert Symphony
Club and lady quartet of Chicago, together
with Master Tommy Purcell, the child vioiin
ist, will sKe one of their popular entertain
ments in the Association Auditorium. Mnson
and Ellis streets. This will be the first appear
a:ce in San Francisco of this splendid concert
company. They have an extensive reputation
in the East and have been singing and playing
tocn.wded houses. The sale of seats will be
announced in a few days.
Another Suit Against Hatch.
E. E. Shotwell has sued A. T. Hatch foi
$8000 due on a promissory note.
raw to-dat
NEW TO-DAT— DRY COODS.
DEPARTMENT!
Special
Offering;!
Commencing: Monday, November 23d. we
will offer a SPECIAL PURCHASE OF 2000
DOZENS LADIES' SHEER LINEN EM-
BROIDERED AND HEMSTITCHED HAND-
KERCHIEFS,
Price Cj)
$iiVv per Box.
These Handkerchiefs come six in each box
and are all different patterns. They were
imported by us from one of the best Irish
manufacturers, and at the price quoted are
the best value we have ever offered' the
public. •
TELEPHONE GRANT 124.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Thanksgiving
FOR
THREE
DAYS.
Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday, the three
days of our great special
reductions.
PIMMIM I 12 l-2c
rIININ 1 IN leer pound. The very
HAPPIES |Ssk°- r: the new
I4Oc
per gal. Regular
price 75c. Particu-
larly pleasing.
I 25c
per quart jar. Re-
hceU from 35c. The
very finest of this de-
iehiful delicacy.
— — $2.00
for 3 bottles. Re-
¥ irvnrknn luced from $1 per
LIQUORS bottle. Imported
port, sherry, rum,
sin, brandy and O.
K. Whiskey.
In addition to our usual
complete stock a great
lot of Choice Christmas
delicacies.
21 Stockton St., Near Market.
."•r ;,.■."> Telephone Main 552JJ.' .
BRANCH-3253 FILLMORE ST., cor. Lombard
Telephone 1 West • 153.
Mail orders promptly filled. Ask for our new
Catalogue. .
yfRTELf/Ufr
TH THE VERY ". BKST ' NX TO EX A MISTS
X your « yea and at them to Spectacles ana t£ro-
glasses wi.h Instruments of bis own invention,
who.st- supi-riorl.. has not been equaled. My mt»
cess has been due to :lie merits of i±s work.
. Offlc« Hours— 1^ to 4 p. k.
PChtehester's r.c«!l.h Diaatoaii Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-S*X. Original *ni! Only Genuine. A .
"■•• £~d( rtVslV' •»»€. *Iw»ti reliable. : l*dics aik j«\
AJUsrsMS. '-Ontfitt for Chichufri /fnotu* Vla/fin\
■f^* sp yfif* mom * Brand In Ke<l *nl PoM metmlileYVHr
TjX —^M'lQboiei sulad with blue ribbon. Take •
yt\ W^ Vi»Jno other. Bt/tut dangcrou* rubttifri- • V -.'
I Z_ : - ■' W ' ion " imitation*. At or Mod 4*.
I *•• |Jf >» «t»mp« for particular!, tettiaaalali moi
V v* J9 "Relief for I.ndlo>." in letter, bT rrtnr.
-^ _jg. MalL id/tOO Ti-lifflonlal.. A'om. Pop™.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
'r|HAR"£KS U. PHILLI.-. •aT IOtCXKY-ATi
V Law and Notary Public, 638 Markets-., oppo.
site Palace Ho«,el. Telephone 570. Residence ltUifl
Fail street. Xeiejcl»oa» « pin, » 2581. 1
| ARGEST STOCK.
! atest VARIETIES.
Lowest prices.
Furniture,
Carpets,
Beddings.
2 Acres of Floor Space Packed.
| Maple Bed Sets 827.50 and up
| Mahogany Parlor Suits .835.00 and up
Stoves and Ranges 8 7.50 and up
Oil Stoves..... 8 2.50 and up
Heating Stoves 8 400 and up
Carpets, per yard.. 45 C and up
Lino eums, per yard 35c and up
Mattings, per yard. 10c and up
Blankets, Comforters, Lace Curtains.
CASH OR EASY TIME PAYMENTS.
J. NOON AN,
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission Street.
18-520-522 ninna Street, Above Sixth.
Telephone Jessie 41. Open Evenings.
Are You 111 ?
Would You Be Well ?
Would You Keep Well?
-IF SO USE— . —
DR. MARTIN'S
111 1 11
OF THE AGE,
Which is without an equal FOB EXTERNAL
AND INTERNAL USE.
A CERTAIN CURE FOR
Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains In Gen«
( eral, Dyspepsia, Dysentery, Cholera
j Morbng, Diphtheria, Sore Throat,
. Pneumonia, Diabetes, Nervous Com-
; plaints, Disease «f the Stomach and
I Bowels Generally, Liver and Kidney
| Complaints, sciatica, Lumbago, Colds,
i Coughs, Local and General Debility',
| : Headache, Earache, Toothache. " Sick-
ness In Stomach. Backache, Burns, Swel-
lings, ■, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic,
1 Cramps, Sprains. Bruises, Scalds,
Wounds, Indigestion, Skin Diseases,
Excessive Itchings and many other
complaints too numerous to name here.
Price:; 25c, 50c, $1.00 per Bottle,
i> L -,* LLISC H. Wholesale Agent for the
Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal.
F ° r f, al S,*y all druggists. The trade supplied
ANTI EXPIRA
KEMOVKS .-FETID ODOIt AX - RFKTORES
the ssin of the fool to a- HEALTHY condi. J
tlon in ten 10 thir y daw Does note os« tiienorei.--'
DX. J3LI C.AVILLIAMS, 1161 Mark 9 It
ban Franciaco. Room a 1 and 2. " :~T*** *
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND , WASHINGTON. ST3.-RB-
modeled and renovated. KING Wahd'acql
European plan. Koom* 6Oc to *1 50 per da? IJ
u> *» per wees. WwiWper mon n : P tree taituf
toot and cold water every room; lira KralM vi
•very room; elevator runs aUni«at; » l * M "STORY OF THE SHIP SAN CARLOS. THE ARGOS OF THE GOLDEN GATE
fB^TANDING above the Golden Gate
where "The stately ships pasß in to
NmJ^V the haven under the hill," one asks
where is the pioneer — the Argos — the
ocean pathfinder of the navies that have
rorue and gone through that narrow water
way for ovtr a century? The flotillas of
the world has harbored in the peaceful
bays of Yerba Buena, but in what eternal
anchorage has moored the leader of the ,
fleet;,?
From the manuscripts of Professor
George Davidson It is learned that in the
early part of the year 1775 a number of
vessels left San Bias for exploration on the
coa«t of Aha California. One was the San
Carlos, better known as the Toyson de
Oro (Fleece of Gold), and under the com
mand of Juan Bautisla Ayala. She sailed
the farthest north to survey the port of
San Francisco, discovered by Portala six
years before. On August 5 -he arrived off
the entrance to a beauiiiul, almost land
locked bay which they could see in be
tween the headlands.
■The launch was lowered into the water
and a crew sent away to examine the ap
proach to the harbor. They were gone all
the a'ternoon. and soon after nightfall,
the moon making everything around al
most as plain as day and the light breeze
blowing directly in-hore, the San Carlos
sailed through the Golden Gate and
dropped her anchor off what is now ihe
Presidio.
It is interesting to read a paragraph
from the ship's log, as it were, ol that
rirst night in San Francisco Bay, writ
ten by Professor Davidson 121 years after:
"The sun set at 7.05 local mean time, and
the moon at twenty-seven minutes aft«r
midnight; the pievailing westerly winds
blew strongly in through the harbor head
lands; the high water was at 6.23 in the
evening and was 4.5 feet above low-water
plane; low water ai 11:36 a. m., high water
again at 6:09 p. m., five feet above low
water plane."
The launch returned to the ship next
morning, the exploring party in her
having camped on the shore of Carmelita
Bay— the fciausalito of to-day. The San
Carlos then hov^ up her anchor and found
good moorings between the highlands and
an island which Captain Bautistade Ayala
called La Isla de Nuestra Senora de los
Angeles, a name later considerably short
ened down to Angel Island.
The officers of tne vessel surveyed the
"Grand Estero" of Yerba Buena, and the
Ean Carlos returned to Monterey about
October 1.
Some light has been shed upon the sub-
sequent end of the San Carlos Dy the fol-
lowing letter of March 28, 1797, written by
• Diego de Boiica, Governor oi California, to
Pedro de Aiberni, sergeant of artillery,
stationed at the Presidio of San Francisco
(translation):
"By your ffficial letter of the 24th inst.,
which I received yesterday evening, I am
advised of the misfortune which hap
pened to the 'paquebot* San Carlos on
the 23d inst., which, having made sail for
this port, on account of the roughness of
the weather, the dullness of the vessel and
the insufficiency of the crew, was driven
upon a rock lying directly under La
tvißonita, the shock so injuring the vessel
that, if tne wind and tide had not favored
tfcem, all hands would have perished; but
HERE'S LIGHTNING SPEED
There has just been turned out by the
Baldwin Locomotive Works and the West
inghouse Electrical Compaq- , working in
conjunction, a iightning express electric
locomotive that runs 120 miles an hour.
Here for the first time in any news
paper is the initial announcement of this
latest electrical marvel which will bring
Ban Francisco within two and a half days
of New YorK. Were it not that this won
derful speed had been attained and that
the electrical express locomotive stands
ready in the yard ol its builders to dupli
cate the performance the statement might
be received with distrust.
Still while not in the least resembling
the conventional locomotive in outward
, appearance, this one is considered the
most complete in the world. The frame
is made of ten-inch rolled steel channels,
surrounded by a haii-inch rolled steel
plate, covering the entire floor. This plate
is an important detail, as it gives great
strength to resist blows in collision, and is
intended to protect the lives of passengers
'in cases of wrecks and derailments, in the
way the heavy steam locomotive protects
the ordinary train.
. This frame is carried on two trucks
which have ail the easy riding features of
car-trucks, that is, soft springs, swinging
motion and free movement. The lour
.•wheeled trucks differ greatly from passen
ger car trucKs, inasmuch as they are made
to stand the heavy strains and thrusts
from the powerful motors.
• This is positively the first electric
express engine. The few electric loco
.mo-tives tnat have heretofore been
built have all been to haul freight trains
or to run at a low rate of speed.
Perhaps the most interesting feature
from a railroad standpoint is that the
trucks are of the swiveling type, which
permits the locomotive to pass around any
curve that can be passed by a regular
freight engine car, which is a performance
not possible with steam express locomo
tives. The geared connection between the
electric motors and the axles permits the
use of any sort of gear ratio that is suita
ble to the desired speed, and makes this
locomotive adapted to all mechanical de
tails for slow or nigh speed. By reason of
the peculiar and simple construction of
the trucks and the geared connection be
tween the axle motors the same locomo
tive is adapted for both the direct current
end the Tesla system.
In this almost human engine every
point that will reduce loss of motion even
by a fraction of a second has been care
fully considered. The ariving-wheeis are
so arranged that they may be coupled
with parallel rods when the train to be
hauled is heavy, as such rods will cot per
mit one pair of wheels to slip without
clipping the other. This is of the utmost
importance especially at starting. The
weight of the locomotive is 150,000 pounds,
while in length it is 37 f<-et over the pilots.
The motors are directly beneath the car
bed, between the two trucks of the liebt
ning electric express, and are "iron-clad"
consequent-pole motors. These motors
are entirely incased in thin steel shells, so
that they are practically free from in-
. i:ry under all normal conditions of ser
vice.
Tiie armatures are laminated, and ar«
made up of thin Blotted disks of steel. In
the slots are placed the armature wires.
The communicators are oi the best forged
copper, with mica insulation. The motors
have the highest grade ot insulation.
Power is furnished from a central sta
tion. It is communicated to the electric
THE SAN CARLOS, PIONEER OF ALL THE SHIPS THAT HAVE SAILED THROUGH THE GOLDEN GATE.
finally they reached Yerba Buena and
made a landing at a point to which the
vessel was carried by the wind and tide."
"This landing," says Professor David
son, "was doubtless under Clarfcs Point,
near the northern end of Battery street,
express by toe third rail system, which ia
a system of conducting the current to
moving motors or trains, consisting of an
additional rail either of iron, steel or
copper, laid in the track at the same
height as the main rail, on which rolls or
slides the collector.
The compressed-air brakes are used and
are applied by means of levers and air
cylinders. The engineer's valve is of the
standard Westinghouse type. It has an
additional connection, so that when the
handle of the brake valve is placed in the
emergency position for a sudden stop the
air is admitted to a small pipe leading to
the main circuit-breaker. This air opens
the circuit-breaker and cuts off the electric
current, so that the movement of one
handle not only applies the brake, but
shuts off the current so a? to give the
highest possible degree of safety.
In addition there is provided a reversine
switch for the motors, so that they can be
made to stop the locomotive train by a
backward pull. The automatic air pump
is driven by electricity. The electric
motor which drives is directly connected
and without gears.
The marvels to be accomplished by tbiß
great giant of the electric age are not in
theory. On the experimental tracks in
the yards of its builders along which it
has been run such terrific and unheard-of
speed has been attained as to permit the
announcement to be made as conservative
that the average speed of 120 miles an
hour can be maintained for almost any
distance.
That will be like falling through Bpace
and with the landscape seeming to be in a
mad rush to get somewhere behind the
engine. Fences will appear like shoit
lines, and telegraph-posts set at the ordi
nary distance like the rails on a fence.
All grades will be overcome without effort,
and the entire road, whether over moun
tains, through valleys or across bridges,
will be gone over at the same rate of speed.
The enormity of the invention that will
produce such speed can scarcely be real
ized. In an instant the world shrinks and
becomes one-third the size it is considered
to-day. Distant points draw near.
Naturally at first thought surprise
might be expressed that every railroad
system did not adopt the lightning ex
press now that it has become a reality.
B^t a moment's consideration will show
the millions of dollars that must be ex
pended before even the most enterprising
railroad could be proi>erly equipped for
the new express and the motor power of
the road changed from steam to elec
tricity. There is the great central power
house, with its wonderful machinery for
generating the current; the thirU rail of
copper to carry the current the distance of
the road; the entire new roadbed made
necessary to assure safety for the terrific
speed ; the cost of the new locomotive and
roiling stock and the other endless ex*
pensei.
It cannot but be a matter of time when
these vast changes must be made in re
sponse to popular demand, but the outlay
of unlimited capital cannot come in a day
or a weeK.
David L. .Barnes, the electric expert of
the Baidwin and We-tinghouse com
panies, in speaking to the writer "told
something" of the wonders oi the new
lightning express, and spoke of the change
in equipment that would cost hundreds of
thousands of dollars. The entire signal
systems of railroad-, he says, must be
changed before the lightning express can
be conveniently adopted. Now these Big-
THE SAN FRANCrSCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896.
and here General Vallejo says a sunken
wreck was pointed out to him in 1829 as
being the wreck of the San Augustin,
which, he has erroneously stated, was
wrecked near Tomales Bay in 1595, and
subsequently drifted from that place into
nals are in places only a mile apart, while
with the new electric marvel it will re
quire a clearway of one and a half mi.es
to stop the express. There must be no
grade crossings. The track must be ele
vated.
In speaking ot the speed features of the
great locomotive, Mr. Burns said: "The
collectors are of the sliding contact type,
as the rolling contact is uncertain at high
speeds and gives too little area or bearing
THE GLORY OF MENDOCINO
Mendocino County, besides bein:.' one of
the largest in the State, is surpassed by
none in fertility or in the extent of its
natural resources. Its mountains abound
in stores of coal and minerals and its
valleys are as fertile as rich soil and genial
skies can make them. Such fore-ts of
magniticent timber that are awaiting the
woodman's m exist nowhere else in the
whole world. Towering up toward the
skies in splendid majesty these giant trees
furm magnificent objects upon which to
gaze and the observer cannot but express
a regret that the demands of commerce
will yet compass the complete disappear
ance of th^seexamples of forest growth.
The absence of transportation facilities
has so far preserved hundreds of thou
San Francisco Bay. As no other vessel
was sunk in this vicinity before Vallejo
saw the wreck, we may safely conclude
that it was the remains of ihe San Carlos
which were pointed out to him."
Hence from such eminent authority as
surface for the condition of the current
The surface is too small both in the bear
ings of the wheels and at the Rurface of
contact between the wheels and the con
ductor. The- local conductors themselves
are of steel so as to have more wearing
surface aDd cost less than copper.
"There will be no difficulty in collecting
all the current with a slid ng contact lor
a speed of over 100 miles an hour. While,"
continued Mr. Burns, "I may say that
| sands of acres of the redwood forests of
Mendocino County, and the same reason
explains the comparative absence of that
I rapid development which distinguishes
some other counties ot the State.
Much of the county remains in the ex
, act state of nature in which it was created,
j and therefore its popularity as a resort for
the liitiernian and hunter is easi y ex
plained. There is no game, large or small,
known to California that does not abound
in the mountains of Mendocino, and v is
one of the pleasures of life, that lingers
longest in the memory, a visit to the hos
pitable caanp of some hunter, who has left
all the world behind to enjoy the manly
sports that a Mendocino County forest
affords.
LOG CABIN IN MENDOCINO COUNTY.
that of Professor Davidson it may be be
lieved that the storied San Carlos finally
laid her bones to rest on the shores of the
noble sheet of inland sea st.c first sailed
over. Jason's classical craft, after her
memorable voyage in search of the
very high sp ed electric railroads are yet
in their infancy, the greater number of
problems connected with such services are
pretty definitely settled. Those that re
main are receiving daily attention, and
when railroad companies build a safe and
suitable roadbed the locomotives and the
power to drive them is ready for imme
diate application without the risk of losses
from experiments and uncertain construc
tion."
A lover of fine natural scenery will be
more than satisfied on viewing the views
that abound in Mendocino. The famous
Russian River rises in this county, the
father of a hundred trout-abounding
streams. At flood time the immense vol
ume of the stream flowing through a nar
row channel is a scene that fills the be
holder with awe. A great future is await
ing Mendocino County. With the build
ing of railroads a population that is only
awaiting easier transportation will be sure
to crowd its feitile valleys and develop its
rich stores of minerals. Until then the
county will continue to be a resort for
those whose love for nature finds a recom
pense in the views and scenes of this
richly favored region.
Golden Fleece, was hoisted up to the
stars, and in the constellation of Argo
Naviß she sails in the glory of the celestial
seas. But this more real and more mod
ern Argos, called — strangely — the "Fieece
of Gold (Toyson de Oro), after lealiug
STRANGER, THAN FICTION
Never in the most fantastic conceits of
the professional story-writers have there
been two persons less calculated by nature
to carry on a sociable conversation than
one perfectly blind and one perfectly deaf
and a mute. Very likeiy it would be as
sumed off hand that no such conversation
could be within the limits of possibility.
There are two persons in Berkeley, mem
bers of the same family, one perfectly
deaf and the other perfectly blind, who
daily discuss current topics and, in their
own way, are quite gay.
The difficulties naturally in the way ap
pear when it shall be considered that if
the deaf mute employed the lan uage of
deaf mutes, the language which is ex
pres-ed silently by the fingers, the total
lack of sight on the part of the other
speaker shuts out all the sign language
from her comprehension. So, again, any
words which might be spoken ever so
loudly by the blind conversationalist must
be soundless to the deaf mute. Two blind
persons may easily converse by word of
mouth. Two aeaf mutes may exchange
ideas by the sign language, but the condi
tions outlined in the foregoing have prob
ably been unparalleled elsewhere when a
discussion of the sixth amendment to the
constitution of the State of California or
other topic of live concern might be a
pleasing contingency.
Bertha Carpenter, a little girl aged
about 12 years, has no eyes. Blindness
came upon her at 16 months as the result
of spinal fever. Ernest Carpenter, her
brother, aged 17. lost his hearing at the
age of 4 years. The parents of Bertha and
Ernest Carpenter reside near San Diego.
Shocked as they were by the infliction
which had fallen upon Ernest they w re
crushed by the disaster which came later
to their little girl, Bertha. They most of
all realized that between these two there
was little chance of acquaintance. They
must seemingly pass through life as
brother and sis;er, never communicating
their thoughts or affections.
What kind of a world they might have
lived in may be inferred from the story by
a very bright girl w o was for years a
deaf mute. "I used to think," said this
child lately in conversation, "that the ani
mals were better off than I. Mv father
spoke to his horse, and I saw the animal
minded, and to me it seemed clear that
the horse must be able to talk. One day I
was sent to the institution for the Deaf and
Dumb and Blind nt Berkeley to learn to
talk. Two or three days I stood in cor
ners and watched tha other children. All
at once i: came to me that I had entered
into a world peopled with beings like
myself. I ran out among them and
played with them and was happy."
Ernest Carpenter went along without
talking until six years ago. He was ihen
a robust lad, but seemingly not very
bright. His faculties had not been awak-'
ened. He had heard no sound since he
was an infant. He had seemingly lost all
power to speak. The parents mourned
more and more as the children grew older.
Then they decided that both must be sent
to Berkeley to be educated as much as
possible. There the deaf mute hasjearned
to spoak articulate, words, and the blind
girl Has somehow learned to so speak that
the brother reads her lips and they talk
freely. ' Yesterday the brother and sister
conversed for the purpose of demonstrat
ing that such an occurrence was possible.
Their teacher, N. F. Whipple, was present
and looked on with interest.
The deaf mute squared himself off and
looked at his blind sister, who is a head
the way to a shore more valuable than
Jason and his argonauts ever dreamed, was
left to rot under the wharves oi the bay
she found.
Following the San Carlos came the
trader and the whaler, gathering the pro
ducts of the new shore and sea. Pres
ently the mountains began to unlock
their treasure troves, and a gleam more
I golden than ever came from the cavern of
a genie flashed across the continent. Then
the ships failed in between the headlands
of the "Bishop's Bonnet" (La Bonita) on
the north and the Point of Wolves (Lobos)
on the south. In all shapes and condi
tions they crowded through in the wake
of the pathfinder — the ship strangely and
fittingly known as the "Fleece of Gold."
Around the stormy Horn they labored
and from the Russian possessions near
the Arctic they steered for the port of El
Dorado.
Even across the Pacific from the walled
in Orient drifted the craft of the East
freighted with eager seekers after the
wealth lying hidden away behind tha
Coast Range.
It was a mighty assembly that fleet, but
the great bay among the hills could hold
them all and the wide-open harbor door
welcomed the squadron in.
Following the fierce hunters of the
mountain treasure came the quieter in
habitants of the valleys — the people who
delved in the soil, not for the golden ore
but .or the fertility that brought forth ihe
golden harvest of corn. Then the sheaves
lay like manna on the slopes and the
wheat ships gathered in the bay. The
products ot vineyard and field piled upon
the wharves ulong with the output of tha
mine, aad the grain, the grape and the
gold of the new empire in the sunset
poured into the vessels that followed the
San Carlos into the harbor beyond tha
two frowning headlands.
Such is the story of the new Argos — the
ship of the "Golden Fleece"— so aptly
named, that opened the western gate of
the New World and was left to rot on the
shores of the harbor she found, as told in
the old dusty Spanish archives of the dim
long ago.
The splendid picture that accompanies
this article was drawn by W. A. Coulter,
the well-known marine artist, from a
sketch of the San Carlos made by Fra
Vicente Maria, the chaplain of the vessel
who was one of her complement on her
entrance into San Francisco Bay. It is an
accurate representation of the high stem
and high stern ships 121 years ago. She
was a man-of-war, as the guns that look
frowning. y from her rounded sides tes
tify; and the boom of that battery was
the first warlike sound that rang over the
blue waters of Yerba Buena.
It is the intention to give in the col
umns of The Sunday Call a series of arti
cles, illustrated by Mr. Coulter, describing
the different types of ships that have
rendezvoused in this harbor since the San
Carlos came in that calm, moonlit even
ing long ago. No port in the world
can show such a cosmopolitan fleet.
The sail of the north and the south, tha
east and the west find a safe haven here.
Verily, a mighty queen sits by the
"grand estero" lying within the Golden
Gate.
and shoulders shorter than he. Two facts
were at once apparent. One was that both
of the young people had to be on the alert.
The boy, never having beard any sounds,
spoke through knowledge of the sound
language, which came in through his eyes
and not through his ears. That is, he was
emitting sounds which were made by
placing his tongue and lips in accordance
with pictures which he had observed, hav
ing been taught so to do. The girl had
never seen word signs, but bad been taught
to so distinctly speak, and so carefully use
her vocal organs that the boy should be
able to read from her sightless face.
Under these difficulties conversation pro
ceeded easily, not to say rapidly. The
children talked of home, of current events
and such themes as go to make up the
daily discussions around firesides. The
deaf boy road easily and the blind girl
heard easiiy the sounds which the deaf
boy made, but of which he could not hear
one syllable.
Evolution of Laughter.
Just as the hoof of the horße is the rem
nant of an original five toes; just as the
pineal gland in man is now said to be the
survival of a prehistoric eye ou the top of
the head, so perhaps this levity in regard
to particular ailments (in others) may be
the descendant of an aboriginal ferocity in
man.
It is a well-known theory that what we
call humor arose from the same source;
that tne first human laugh that ever woke
the astonished echoes of gloomy primeval
forests was not an expression of mirth, but
exultation over the misery of a tortured
enemy.
There is to this day something terrible
in laughter. The laugh of madness or of
cruelty is a sound more awful than that of
the bitterest lamentations.
By means of the strange phonograph
that we call literature we can listen even
now to the laughter of the dead; to the
hearty guffaws or cynical titterings of
generation after generation of bygone men
and women ; and if we are curious in such
matters we can probe into the nature of
the changes that have passed over the
fashion of men's humor.
For it has been said, not without the
support of weighty cumulative evidence,
that as we penetrate further into the past
we find the sense of humor depending al
ways more obviously and solely upon the
enjoyment of the pain, misfortune, morti
fication or embarrassment of others. The
sense of superiority was the sense of
humor in our ancestors; or, in other
words, va nity lay at the root of this, as of
most other attributes of our bumptioiu
species.
Putting ear to our phonograph, we catch
the echoes of a strange and merry tumult;
boisterous, crue!, often brutal, yet with
here and there a tender cadence from some
solitary voice; and presently this lonely
note grows stronger and sweeter as wo
travel slowly toward our own tiuie, until
at length, through all the merriment, we
can hear the soft under-murmur of pity.
Does the picture not seize the imagina
tion—the long laughter of the ages which
begins in cruelty and ends in love V— West
minster Review,
The licorice plant is chiefly grown on
the banks of the Tigris and Euphrates, in
localities where for three months, during
the prevalence of hot winds, the tempera
ture reaches 104 degrees, and for three
months often registers 30 degrees below at
night.
1516
ELEPHAMT HUNT IN SIAM DESCRIBED BY AH EYE-WITNESS
AWe~lr\spirii\g Sight of Vast Jierds of
Manrxmotk Wild Tuskers
BA.NGKOK, Siam. Oct. 15.— After read
ing tbe heading of this article the mind of
the reader may ramble back to some book
or story that has been read, describing
elephant hunts as tbey have been con
ducted in certain parts of India, by dig
ging large pits into which the poor ani
mals are driven. Unlike the elephants that
are trapped in pits mostly for their ivory,
tbese caught here in Siara are afterward
trained and used in various ways.
The hunts are now looked forward to as
an annual event, and the time, although
not definite, is as near tbe beginning of
the rainy season as possible, which is
about the l^t of May. On accouM of the
intense heat, and the great numbers of
these animals being crowded together, if
they were caught at any other time of the
year, numbers of them would doubtless
die.
A number of tame tuskers are ridden
into the country, the distance to be cov
ered having been previously determined,
and returnine they beat through the brush
and jungle, all headed for Ayuthia, the
old capital of Siam, where the inclosure or
paneat, as it is called fey the Siamese, is
situated. In this way they gather to
gether a herd of wil 1 elepbants that some
times number nearly three hundred. As
the herd nears Ayuthia the day for driv
ing them into the paneat is set by the offi
cial in charge. Meanwhile the elephants
are keDt in the fore.^t near by, easily
guarded by the mahouts (elephant riders),
who are mounted on a few tame animals.
It might be well just here for the benefit
of the reader to give a short description of
the paneat. This indoeure, which is
made of brick, is almost square, and is
situated in the outskirts of the city. Its
outer and inner walls are about 11 feet
high and about 10 feet apart, the space be
tween being filled in to within three feet
of the top, steps having been built up to
the top Irom the out&ide.
These walls make an excellent position
from which to view the proceedines. The
walls inclose a piece of ground equal to
about an acre, inside of whicn teak logs
are driven into tbe ground about eighteen
inches apart, and about twelve feet from
the wells, entirely around, with the ex
ception of breaks necessary for the pat*s
and passageways. This is done in order
that men may be stationed In this opening
to assist those who are inside. The pas
sageways are made by two rows of posts
being placed far enough apart to allow
one elephant to pass through at a time.
The sates are made by hanging logs by
pivots at the top, two lops at each end of
a passageway. When opened they are
swung from each otbeT. When it is desir
able an animal can be caged in one of
these passageways by loosening the lops
at each end, which, being swung toward
the center, make a perfect trap, in which
the elephant is almost helpless, as i t is im
possible to turn around. •
Outside of the paneat is a wedge-shaped
paddock built of strong posts. The apex
of the paddock joins one of the passage
ways (above described). At the opposite
side of tnis entrance upon tno wail is an
open building, or Royal Sala, as it is
called, from which the King, Siamese
officials and also Europeans view tbe pro
ceedings.
Long before tbe elephants are in sight
the wa'ls ol the paneat are well crowded
with people awaiting to view the catch.
The gay tLirong is a sight well worth
seeing, the pretty and weil formed
maidens in their giossy panungs (a gar
ment somewhat like the fashionable
bloomer) and bright fetching waist scarfs
wrapped around their plump bodies or
thrown over the shoulders, exposing their
round arms and perfect shoulders, which
many of their white sisters would justly
envy. Then again is the more modest
matron wearing a tight-fitting jacket, with
tbe scarf also, and the men, some of
whom have nothing on but the panung,
but for such an occasion most of them
manage to wear a jacket. Tbese happy
and contented people seldom wear eitber
stockings or shoes, except the upper
classes, whose costumes at times are very
elaborate. Imagine such a scene, if you
can, all the various bright colors produc
ing a kah idoscopic effect rarely seen.
After several false alarms the herd of
elephants is seen moving into tbe opening
from the shade of the forest, toward the
riv6r, into which they plunge without
tbe slightest hesitation, spurting the
water in showers in all directions, evi
dently enjoying their bath. Coming up
on the opposite bank they are slowly
driven into the paddock, a few of tb«
tame animals being ridden in with them.
The opening is then closed by placing
heavy bars horizontally across. The rage
of these huge brutes when they find they
are imprisoned is hard to imagine. The
force with which they butt up against the
posts makes one wonder that they are not
killed instantly, but they walk away not
in the least dazed.
Now comes the exciting time of driving
the elephants into the inner inclosure or
paneat. One of the trained tuskers is rid
den up to the passageway at the apex, and
there waits till the herd is driven up close
to him, which is clone by the tame ele
phants, with the assistance of men on
foot, who take refuge behind them with
long bamboo poles, on the end of which is
fastened a knife eielit or ten inches in
length, with which they jab at the mass
of moving flesh. Woe be to these fellows
if any of tbe animals break turough tbe
line of guards, and especially so if the one
breaking through be a mother, whose baby
may have been killed in the crush. Some
of these breaks have proved iatal to some
unfortunate sjearsmen. The tusker walks
hiowiv into the passageway, and by both
driving and coaxing with bananas the
elephants are soon started into the paneat;
then what a pushing and crushing time
there is. Often two of them try to go
through at once, and the force of those
pushing from behind jams them in so
tight that it is almost impossible to loosen
them. Finally they are all driven in; the
gate is closed, then the tired beasts have a
rest till next day, when the task of select
ing and capturing the best of the herd is
begun.
Early tbe next morning about six or
seven large tuskers are ridden into the
paneat, each with two mahouts mounted
on him. The rider on his neck has a coil
of rawhide rope, at the end of which is
a slip noose which is fastened to a vole,
the other end being fast to the tusker's
neck. On the appearance of these animals
with their human riders the herd backs
away and huddles together like a band of
frightened sheep.
Round and round the inciosure they are
followed, roaring aud trumpeting almost
continually. When one of the animals
which has been chosen rnaijes its appear
ance on the outer edge of this moving
mass the mahout nearest quickly benus
over and with bis pole slips the noose over
a hind leg as it is lifted. The animal rid
den is instantly turned and runs in the
opposite direction, bringing the young
tusker up with a jerk that sometimes pulls
him off his feet. The rope is soon made
fast to a convenient post, after which more
are captured in the same way.
After capturing two or three screaming
youngsters a gate is opened and the herd
is driven out to the river to cool off. In
ihe meantime two of the tuskers are rid
den up to one of the little kicking fellows,
one on each side— and one in the rear, if it
is necessary — more ropes being fastened
around his neck and made fast to the old
fellows at his side. While this is being
done water is poured over his bead and
back to allay bis injured feelings as much
as possible. Thus, between his captors he
is led off to one of the long stables or sheds
near by, to be tamed and trained to take
his turn later on in making captives of
some of his unfortunate relatives.
When the task of taking these young
tuskers to the stables has been completed
tbe herd is driven back from the river to
an open space alongside of the paneat,
and if it is considered best to take a few
more they are captured In the same way
as has just been described, Dut the captur
ing outside of the paneat is made more
exciting by the fact that there is less ob
struction between the wild animals and
their liberty.
The sightseers crowd around as close as
they dare, the sight of whom does not tend
to sooth the big hearts of the already half
crazed animals. Occasionally one will
break tbrough the line of tuskers and
spearsmen and scatter the too curious to
most all points of the compass, and in
some cases play very good association
football in such a way as to be very de
pressing to the constitution of the unfor
tunate one who might be too slow to clear
the track.
When the most promising of the young
ONE HOUR FOR REFRESHMENTS.
[From a photograph by B. Carrington.]
tuskers have been taken the herd is driven
back to the forests and liberated. Tbe
animals that are retained generally aver
age from 5 feet 6 inches to a little over 7
feet high.
it is a fact not generally known that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896.
many of these youngsters do not survive
captivity, some of them dying from grief.
B. Cabbisgton.
The purchase of Wi\tes.
There are many countries in which, if a
man wishes to be legally married, he has
to go out and buy a wife, though the
market prices of that article varies con
siderably. In Uganda you can get what
you require for two or three bullocks, or
even for six good sewing needles, or per
haps a box of percussion caps; while in
ferior wives can be picked up in exchange
for a coat, and if one is indifferent to
health and beauty, for a pair of shoes. In
the Caroline islands wives are cheap. A
father will let you marry his daughter, if
you give him a little fruit or a small
present of fish, while in Samoa matrimony
runs you into pigs and canoes; among the
Fijians, into whales' teeth and muskets.
In Tartary it is best to marry beneath
you (you can do it on a few pounds of but
ter), because a man who has lprdly no
tions of a marriage with one of tbe upper
ten must be an owner of horses. The
aborigines of Australia manage their mar
riages upon a most equitable principle. If
A wishes to marry B's sister he allows
him to marry his own; or if B happens to
be a widower thtn his daughter will do
just as well.
One of the most objectionable forms of
gaining a wife is to work for her— a habit
practiced among many uncivilized na
tionu—its only advantace being that a
man can get a wife on credit, though his
father-in-law takes good care that he
serves his time. Among some races you
have to do your work before you get your
wife, as Jacob had to serve for Leah and
for Rachel. Marriage by exchange and
purchase is not customary among unciv
ilized nations only. In Central America
and Peru a man has to work for bis bride.
In China a present is given by the father
of the bridegroom, the amount of which is
agreed upon by both the families. The
LEADING OFF THE CAPTIVE.
[From a photograph by B. Carrington.]
Japanese make ase of a similar custom,
though in their case the giving of presents
is the most important part of the whole
marriage ceremony, for after these have
been delivered and formally accepted,
neither of the contracting parties is able
MAHOUTS DRIVING IN A PORTION OF THE HERD.
[From a photograph by B. Carrington.]
to go back. Wife-purchase appears to
have been tbs basis of Indo- European
marriage before the separation of the
peoples took place. Manu mentions the
Asura form of marriape as one of par
chase, and according to Aristotle the an
cient Greeks were in the habit of baying
their brides; for in the Homeric age a
maiden was called by a name which signi
fied "one who brings her parents many
oxen. "
The old Scandinavians believed that
even tne gods had paid a price for their
wives, and in Germany the expression "to
purchase a wile" was in vogue until the
end of the middle ages. The old inhabi
tents of Ireland and Wales were accus
tomed to bay their wives with gold and
silver or land. In Servia, at the begin
ning of oar century, girls had reached
such a price that Black George reduced
their value to one ducat.
Among many savage nations the equiv
alents of a wife are varied and grotesque.
Poor Bashkirs purchase theirs with cart
loads o: wood or hay: the Indian Kisans,
with two baskets of rice and a rupee: a
tribe in California, with half a string of
dentallum shell, and among the Padams,
a rude people of India, the suitor shows
his intentions by gifts of field mice and
squirrels.— Pall Mall Gazette.
. The passing of philately.
Of all the fads that have absorbed the
popular mind from time to time no other
has been bo universal or so constant as
the craze for pnilately. or stamp collec
tion. Numismatics attack more violently,
but for evident reasons not so gener
ally. Men, women and children bore
their friends and neighbors for unique
designs, especially of foreign authority,
and the postoffice officials, both at Wash
ington and subordinate stations, hrve to
give considerable of the time that the
Government pays for to examination of
requests for stamps or information con
cerning them from all sorts of people.
While the Government officials and their
clerks are forbidden to deal with stamp
collectors in any other way than their
sworn duty defines, they are yet pretty
good judges of the feeling in the trade,
and tbey now report that within the past
year or two there has been a big slump in
the business.
J\w Expert's Study of
Qarrxes of Grirr\ir\aJs
Mario Carara, a disciple of Cesare Lom
broso, the Italian expert in criminal
anthropology, has, according to the Phila
delphia Press, made a special study of the
sports that criminals engage in. The in
nocent games of childhood, in the case of
criminals are tinctured with cruelty, and
sometimes accompanied by homicide.
Criminals skip tne rope, but part of the
game is to trip up the jumper and let him
fall heavily upon the Btone pavement.
Criminals play leap frog, but the object of
the game is that he who makes the "back"
shall raise suddenly and violently just as
the froe . mounts and throw him to the
ground.
The criminals play blindman's buff, but
the man wi'h the bandaged eyes carries a
handkerchief bearing in one corner a
jagged st<ne, a piece of hard, sharpened
wood or bit of iron. With this weapon he
strikes those whom he pursues. Another
remarkable form of this game is for the
blinded one to be struck by one or an
other of his companions if he fails to name
the one that touches him. The penalty
is not the innocent one of thecniidren's
game, but a blow so severe that a physi
cian has often to be called in after the
game is over, end occasionally the suf
ferer is disabled for some time.
It has been found in those Italian re
formatories where prisonars are not kept
in solitary confinement that prisoners'
games are often accompanied with blood
shed, and that it is almost impossible to
prevent cruelties. This is especially true
where prisoners work together, for they
secrete tools and use them as weapons in
brutal sports.
In one of these games the player has in
each hand a stick, Laving fixed in the end
a keen metallic point. He interweaves
his arms, revolving the sticks with rabid
ity, and the game is for another prisoner
to thrust his head between the arms and
endeavor to follow the revolutions of the
sticks without being wounded. It usually
happens that be receives fifteen or sixteen
wounds and comes out with a bleeding
head, while now and then mortal wounds
are received.
The victim in another game has his eyes
bandaged and places his palm upon a
table, with fingers spread fan like. An
other criminal repeatedly strikes between
the fingers with a pointed instrument. If
he wounds a finger then the two change
places, and woe to the man who refuses
the exchange. The game is dangerous,
although the criminals assert that the
wounds to the fingers are not deep or
severe, because, as they say, the metallic
points are short and do not penetrate far—
a grim form of philosophy.
The sport of criminals is accompanied
by characteristic craft. This is specially
shown in the methods in which the new
comer is initiated into prison life. The
novice ia conducted into an improvised
court chamber, where the judges are his
fellow- prisoners. He ia placed upon a
stand and gravely tried on a pretended
charge, and he has barely been condemned
when the stand Is suddenly drawn away,
bo that he is thrown violently upon the
earth.
Many games necessarily imply resist
ance to pain as an ab>olute condition of
success. For example, there is the game
of "needles." One of the players places
his closed fists upon tne table, holding
steadily two needles, one in each hand,
the points being slightly exposed. It is
the game then for a companion to strike
with his own fists those of tbe other, and
it becomes a question of endurance be
tween the one pricked with the needles
and the one whose fists are beaten by the
other's knuckles. There nrs contests in
which the fingers and hands are wounded,
and the scars are an honorable distinc
tion.
The characteristic feature of all these
games, which are the recreation exclu
sively of criminals in prison, is tbe love of
combat. If, as is held by experts, sports
are the means of working off the super
fluous activity of life, it is evident that
superfluous activity, in the ca-e of prison
ers, is especially powerful. It has been
noted in the case of prisoners that there is
a prevalence of great agility and litbeness,
which Professor Lombroso considers a
negative evidence of mental weakness,
since it testifies to a greater development
of ihe notorial center* at the expense of
the other cerebral centers. But usually
this physical energy is not properly used
in tbe ordinary life of the criminal, and
lirnis outlet and enjoyment in sport.
Another characteristic of the games of
criminals is the admiration shown for
physical force, manifested in the docility
with which the vanquished in such sports
submit to tbe brutality of the victors — a
thine observed among savages.
Finally, the insensibility to pain exhib
ited in the sports of criminals proves that
such men are less acute in tbeir physical
senses as weil as less sensitive to the pains
of others, since what seems to others use
lessly cruel is only the usual tiling with
criminals. As the drunkard, nis taste
hardened by alcohol, has need of a stimu
lant constantly stronger, so in the case of
the criminal, the nervous system demands
stimulus so strong that to the ordinary
steady-going individual it would be actu
ally painful.
Arv "Eccentric Prirxce.
The Sicilian Prince of Valguanera at
the beginning of this century, says a
writer in tbe London Evening Standard,
was a monomaniac of a rare description.
He succeeded to one of tho largest for
tunes in Europe; his habits were studious
and economical; he had no children; but
in spite of these advantages for saving
money he contrived to ruin himself. The
Prince bad a fancy for grotesque statues,
with which he adorned the stately man
sion of hi 3 forefathers. Many descrip
tions of tbe Dlace are extant, for it was
renowned through Europe in its day.
Brydone visited it and he has left us a
pleasant picture. Approaching by a noble
avenua one found the palace encircled by
an "army" of monsters. "The absurdity
of the wretched imagination which cre
ated them is not less astonishing than its
wonderful fertility," says Brydone.
"Some were a compound of five or six
animals which have no resemblance in
nature. In one instance tbe head of a
hon was set upon tbe neck of a goose,
with the body of a lizard, the eye of a
coat and the tail of a fox. Upon tbe back
of this object stood another with five or
six heads and a grove of horns. There is
no kind of horn in tbe world that be (the
Prince) has not collected, and bis pleasure
is to pee them all flourishing on the same
skull."
Of such horrors there were 600 in the
avenue and the courtyard alone when
Brydone saw the collection. The Prince
maintained a regiment of sculptors who
were rewarded proportionately to their
Buccess in designing new and unparalleled
combinations. The effect upon a super-
Btitious peasantry may be imagined. So
serious was tbe agitation that the Govern
ment of SiciJy threatened to demolish the
wondrous array several times, but a
Prince of Valguanera was not to be of
fended in those days without the gravest
cau?e.
Matrons of Palermo would not take
their drives in that direction, fearing dire
results. The inside of the house was ec
centric in another fashion. Here the
madman diverted himself with columns
and arches and pyramids of cups and
saucers, teapots and the like, cemented
together. One column, for instance, started
from a great porcelain vase of shape fa
miliar in bedrooms, but not elsewhere;
the shaft was teapots, witn the SDOUts pro
truding, graduated in size up to a capital
of flower pots.
The openings of windows were en
crusted in this manner, the chimney
meces were loaded up to the ceiling, and
tbe magnificent rooms of the palace were
divided by fantastic arches of the same
construction. China was rare and fine in
Sicily at that day, and most of tbe pieces
thus treated' had great value. Tbe Prince's
bedroom was a chamber of supreme hor
ror. Reptiles, awful beyond conception,
bad their home there, intermixed with
pleasing busts and statues which, if
turned, showed a skeleton or a hideous
representation of decrepitude. We have
never observed an allusion to these things
in a modern work of travel. Perhaps the
Government destroyed them at the
Prince's death, beggared by his mania.
A useful charity called the London
Spectacle Mission provides spectacles for
needlewomen and other deserving per.
sons dependent on tbeir eyesight for a
living. Last year 726 applicants were pro
vided with spectacles.
Russia has the most rapidly increasing
population of any country in Europe. Tne
growth in the last hundred years has been
» fraction under 1,000,000 annually.THE FIRST THANKSGIVING DAY CLEBRATION IN CALIFORNIA
Thfi exact date of the first Thanksgiving 1
celebration in California is not a matter I
of record. Nor do the old-timers remem
ber in what year it took place. It may
have been as early as 1848. It is very
likely, however, that it was in the year j
1849 and the place one of the many min
ing camps that had just sprung into ex- |
istence. There were many New Eng- |
landers here at the time and it is not
probable that the descendants of tne Pil
grim Fathers would have allowed their
most important and time-honored day to
slip by unnoticed.
Of the year 1850 the records stand out
clear and distinct, and that must be con
sidered ttie first celebration. In addition
to this, a number of the old-timers have
dim memories of festive doings on the
.last day of November in that, year, because
Governor Peter H. Burnett issued a proc- |
lamation declaring it a Jegal holiday. |
Official business wa3 suspended and the
day was observed by all men from New j
England and many others who did not
object to a good time. A great many of
the events of that day have never been j
recorded and a great many more have
been forgotten, but from such accounts as
do exist it appears tnat it was surely a day
of festivity.
To many of the men who came to the
coast on the tidal wave of the gold
fever Thanksgiving day was a new
thing. Tbe majority of these men hailed
from the Southern and Middle States and
" from Europe, and did not take kindly to
the Puritanical celebration. Some of them
ridiculed it and a few of the writers of the
time objected to it as a piece of hy procrisy.
But the pioneers were tolerant men as a
rule, and when the New Englanders de
. termined to celebrate they met with no
• obstacle. It is also recorded that when
the others found that Thanksgiving cele
bration meant considerable eating and
drinking they inclined to the belief that it
was not such a bad thing after all, and con
cluded to take part in it.
There may have been fifty Thanksgiving
A NNUAL THANK-OFFERINGS AMONG THE ANCIENT GREEKS
The Greeks, during their autumnal
celebration of the Eieusinian mysteries,
approached nearer a national ti anks
giving than in any other oi their numer
. ous religious festivals. The seventh day
was set apart for the great offering to
Demeter of fruits and grains, and this was
held in the outermost court in order that I
no unhallowed footprint might profane
the temple proper. All the great festivals
were under state direction, and, as the
. national life was based on state reiigion,
impiety was a crime, amenable to law; yet
their religion had a warmth and joyous
ness and a social life we moderns know
nothing of. Indeed, the happy abandon
of a Greek festival would be a revelation
to a modern.
The beginning of their thank offering of
fruit and grain was solemnly announced
by a di&demed hierophant standing amid
a crowd of robed priests on the magnifi
cent Stoa Poikle (or variegated colonnade
at the temple entrance), and there pro
claiming all Greeks were welcome to at
ODD SIGHTS AND SCENES ABOUT THE CITY AND FACTS FOR THE CURIOUS
Pumpkins That
Spurrx the Qrourxd
In the Seventh-street Park, in Oakland,
there is one of the strangest pumpkin
crops to be found in the State, certainly
tbe queerest that grows in any public
square, if indeed that vegetable can be
found in any other public square.
There is really nothing strange about
Pumpkin Crop on a Roof.
the crop itself that is referred to. but its
location is most unusual, for it is on the
roof of the toolhouse. This toolhouse is
exactly in the center of the square, and
the crop of bright-colored pie material
looms up from all directions. But it
doesn't look at all inviting, although a
number of people in the neighborhood
have signified their intention of having
one of the pumpkins for Thanksgiving —
that is. provided, of course, they are not
seized by some one else in the meantime.
There is quite a story in tbe way these
pumpkin? came to grow on the roof. It
was a very simple matter for them to do
so when one considers the cause. The
same cause has also given the old eardener
quite an opinion of his own powers of in
vention.
It seems that the pumpkins grew as a
volunteer crop, due to the fact that some
of the ground around tue toolhouse was
brought there from a vacant lot near by.
The gardener cared lor the vine tenderly,
but soon found it an elep ant on his
hands. It spread all over the flower-bed,
and soon had that part of the square to
itself, because nothing else could live in
the neighborhood. Then it commence"!
to spread over the walks, and also to show
signs of bearing. This was a hard time
for the gardener. He thought of tbe fine
pies the pumpkins would make, and he
also thou ht that ;t would be necessary
for people to walk through the park. He
lost sleep at night, and still thevin grew.
LiUle pumpkins formed, and he began to
lose flesh. The vine spread more and
more and the small green globules looked
more tempting every day.
When Blmost on the verge of despair the
gardener got an idea. He soon had the
crop of young pumpkins safe on the roof,
where they could grow as much as they
Jiked, while the roots remained in the soil
below.
And they have taken advantage of the
celebrations on November 30, 1850. Old
timers remember that the "Yankees" in
all the camps threw down their picks and
shovels and had as good a time as the
circumstances would permit of. The ma
jority of them didn't have turkey, unless
they happened to live in those sections
where the wild birds could be killed at
that time. Most of them would have been
satisfied with a little fresh ueef Deerwa3
a great luxury, and pork or mutton among
the things longed for. In most of the
camps where Thanksaiving was celebrated
jackrabbit was considered pretty good. In
those days the boys didn't look down on
the gray jumpers with the contempt tnat
people now display toward the animal
that is now considered a pest.
Thanksgiving day 1850 was a cold day
all over tLe State. It was clear and dry,
I but in the mountains a little snow had
! lalien. This, of course, only made it
I seem more lite tionie to the boys from the
! East, and they were correspondingly de
lighied. They hauled in plenty of wood
the day before, so that they nad nothing
I to do but ceieorate and watch the jack
rabbits cook to a tun. The rabbits were
always cooked whole, a certain member
of the party beiug vested with ti.e honor
of chef, whose duty it was to see that it
was properly basted and turned occa
sionally.
While scenes of festivity wore going on
in many of the camps all over the State
there were others where the boys did not
know that there was sue 1 a day as
Thanksgiving. George K. Fitch was in
the diggings at the time, and declares
that the day passed without his knowl
edge that it was a holiday. The Gov
ernor's proclamation did not reach his
camp, and ii it had the chances are that
no attention would have been paid to it,
as there vsere no New Etijrlanders for sev
eral miles around. When the news came
that some of the boys over the ridge had
I been celebrating considerable surprise
was expressed.
On the evening of November 30, 1850,
tend the grand celebration who were free
from civil or personal taint.
This proclamation was followed by sac
rifice and prayer; tne priests, surrounded
by the peculiar members of the myster
ies, in solid phalanx, an 1 followed by a
great procession, proceeded to the sea
coa-t, where they were all sol mnly puri
fied; expiatory services were preceded
by one day's fast. The most touching of
these heathen expiatory rites was the
selection of a beautiful young child, either
girl or boy, of pure Athenian race, called
the "child of the hearth," because placed
near the sacrificial hearth, and it offered
the prayer for tuose seeking initiation
into the solemn mysteries. It seemed the
supplication coming from innocent lips
would on that account be more acceptable
to the gods. They believed it to be the
redemption of all granted to a child.
Then followed the grand dramatic rep
resenta'ion of the joy of Demeter upon
the lecorery of Persephone. The parched
and withered earth had mourned with
opportunity, for most of them are large
enough to take prizes at a country fair.
When he looks at his harvest there is
only one thing that troubles the old gar
dener. It is really making him lose sleep
again, for he does not know how he is go
ing to get the pumpkins down.
The City's Smallest Store.
The very smallest store in San Francisco?
Doubtless you have passed it many times
but have never noticed it, which would
not be at all strange, because it is bo very,
very small.
It's interior area measures just five feet
two inches in width, by twenty-one feet
in depth, and yet it is located on one of
the busiest blocks on Market street. It is
that tiny blue front locksmith's shop on
the south side of Market street.
The lot itself is not much larger than the
store, and the store was once an alleyway.
But front feei on Market street are far to_
valuable to waste in alleyways, so the
thrifty owner of this property put a dry
floor on the alley, then a few boards up
for the roof, cut the tive-foot alley-gate in
half and mad& a tiny show window out of
the eastern half, painted the whole thing
a beautiful, radiant, glowing, army blue,
and then hung out a sign, "Store to Let."
The sign didn't hang there long. A
patent medicine doctor was the first teu
ant. He sold an invigorator and a reju
venator that were guaranteed to make old
men young and weak men strong. "It
benefits in a day and is pleasant to take,''
The Smallest Store.
read the yellow circulars nailed on the
blue front.
Ai parently there was not a great de
mand for the rejuvenator, and soon its
discovf-ries ravt' way to she present occu
pant, E. Rabjohn Jr., who mends locks
and sells keys and tilings, and. when occa
sion arises, fills an order for his predeces
sor's rejuvenator.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 189(5.
JACKRABBIT DINNER WAS GOOD ENOUGH IN 1850.
1 Demeter in her grief for the abduction of
her child, and now at the command of tbe
goddess was covered with bloom and
laden witn fruits upon her recovery. The
grateful Greeks assembled from all direc
tions to share her joy and render thanks
giving within the sacred inclosure at the
call of the mysterious hierophant.
Tbe distance between Athens and Eleu
sis was seventeen miles, and from early
morn the whole way was covered with a
joyous throng, led by white-robed priesis,
wreathed oxen, coats and other sacred
animals led by youths adorned in festal
attire. The young men of Athens wore
short, pleated kitons, with the graceful
tarnation thrown over their shoulder,
their beads garlanded and feet sandaled.
The young girls bore flowers, fruits and
some kind of a sacred box. They were
dressed in white, with gold-embroidered
peplum. The matrons bore their offer
ings of wheat-sheaves, dressed in white
kiton and dark-blue peplum, in honor of
Demeter, whose dress when on Mount
J\ Lot With Orxly
One Foot Frontage
The smallest single piece of unimproved
real estate in the City has a frontage of
one foot. There are several very narrow
strips of real estate in San Francisco, but
none of them are quite as diminutive as
this one by several feet. It is located near
Lot With One-Foot Front.
the brow of Telegraph Hill, and has re
mained in its present unimproved condi
tion since 1850.
At that time it belonged to James Ross,
who afterward went to Marin County,
acquired an immense amount of valuable
real estate near San Anaelmo, got that
very picturesque little spot known as
Ross Valley named after him, and then
passed on to his Bcotch forefathers, leav
ing his heirs the memory of an honest
name, but not very much in addition.
This single-foot strip of real estate fronts
on Montgomery street, between Green and
Vailejo and was purchased from James
Ross early in the fifties by the husband
of its present owner. Mrs. W. B. Airard.
Mrs. Agard is a very amiable and pleasant
mannered Scoch widow, who lived on
Telegraph Hill when that was the aristo
cratic part of San Francisco, and the
house she then occupied, which sets back
considerably from 311 Green street, is
where sue still lives. Her home is one of
the very few reminders of the departed
social prestiges of Telegraph HilL
The one-foot front strip lies between the
properties own«d by Onesta Tognotti on
the south and by 8. Bac;galupi and P.
D -martini on the north, and though its
title lias sometimes been called in question
by strangers, the deed is there In biact
and white and it proves the legal purchase
by James Ross, long, long years ago, who
needed the narrow strip for sewerage pur
poses.
There are probably more thieves in
China than in any other country in the
world.
Olympus was always of that shade. The
chorus-boys and regular musicians were
appareled in holiday attire and filled the
brilliant sunlit air with joyous strains of
antiphonic music. The old men walked
in stately, rhytbmic measure in robes of
office levery citizen was a dicast, present
or prospective], and all that festival crowd,
marching in the sweet morning air to ihc
sacred inclosure, were given up to tbe
great enjoyment of a national and social
thanksgiving. On the march they filled
ti:e time with music, banter, raillery and
jesting. Tbe procession reached E eusis
at night by torchlight and a stay of many
days was made.
The entire celebration of the mysteries
occupied nine days, and the seventh day
was -elected as peculiar for the offering of
thanks for the fruits of the earth. The
drama opened with the grief of Demeter
for the loss of ier child. The initiates
clad in white robe*, their hair caught up
with golden grasshoppers and heads
wreathed with niyrtie, ranged thems-eiv s
Er\joyrr\er\t ir\
Gk\jrr\ir\g Butter
"Churning is one of the hard jobs on a
farm and consumes much valuable time.
It usually makes one's arms ache to work
: the dasher up and down from twenty
' minutes to two hours according to the con
dition of the cream. And when it i- done,
how little there is to show for it. Even if
one Uses the new rotary churn.it is not
satisfactory. It takes a good deal of cream
to work them and the work is almost as
hard as with tbe old kind. One gets tired
and wishes that butter-making was one of
the lost arts."
The preceding paragraph contains
I almost the identical words of a farmer's
wife. She made tbe statement after years
of experience and knew what she was
talking about. But she need never talk
that way again.
The man who has done all this good for
the housewives of America is named
William R. Cullson, and his invention is
of the simplest and most inexpensive
kind. It is so simple, in fact, that it is im
possible to get it out of order. That is, it
would be about as hard to get, out of order
as a sledgehammer.
Culison's invention really makes it a
pleasure to churn, and in the future the
boys and girls will look upon the work as
a "snap." In iact, they can do the churn
ing and at the same time read the latent
news. Fancy this, ye overworked hou-e
-wives! You can churn while you are
resting.
All there is to the invention is a pair of
common bellows, a few leet of hose and
some leadpipe. The bellows are placed
under braces, that are fixed to a rocking
chair, which in turn is fastened to a strong
framework. One bellows is fixed to the
back part of the chair and the other bel
lows lo the front, so the rocking motion of
the chair opens and closes them alter
nately.
The air thus compressed is forced
through the hosepipes and down the lead
pipe into the churn, where ii agitates the
cream until cream butter is produced.
There is no dasher nor mrcuanism of any
kind. The work is ah done by com
pressed air. It agitates the cream, and
that is all that is necessary. After the air
passes through the cream it passes out
through a hole in the cover of the churn.
It would seem that to agitate cream in
this way would separate the butter quicker
than the old way.
NEW METHOD OF CHURNING.
before the sacred doors, while the herald
cried in imperious tones, "Let the profane,
the impious, those deaiine in magic arts,
those who have shed human blood and
all barbarians depart hence!" If any of
iluse classes were found in the throng
they could be put to death on the spot and
flung out of the inclosure. The profane
were not permitted to even s c the temple,
but tbe initiates approached as soon as
the mystics ran through the inclosure
oarrring torches, shaking them so that
showers of purging sparks were flung off,
then passing them from hand to hand in
token of the divine transmission of holy
lit'ht and knowledge.
On? alter another the torches were ex
titiguishfi-; and from tbe darkness came
divine voices and appalling images, ac
companied by flashes of lightning, groans
issuing from the earth (apparently),
chains clanked and terror fell upon all
hearts. This was the most trying part of
the ceremonies and tested the courage and
taith of the initiates. Thenceforward
JKe Smallest
of Thoroughfares
The smallest street in San Francisco?
It is Reed street, near 'he top of Telegraph
Hill. Reed place It is called on the ad-
A Street of Stairs.
jacent lamppost, but in official parlance
all thoroughfares, whether boulevards,
avenues, places or alleys, are streets.
the first official celebration of Thanksgiv
ing day in California was observed in Sac
ramento, and it was a most elaborate af
fair. Governor Burnett had issued his
proclamation a few days previously, and
all the New England men in the place at
once got together and formed plans for
celebrating. They called their organiza
tion the Son 3of New England, and held a
banquet in the dining-room of the Colum
bia Hotel. The decorations of the hall on
this occasion were bj* far the most elab
orate that had ever been attempted in
the State. The walls were hung with
bunting, and ffcgs and shields containing
the names ot the States were placed in the
form of a frieze.
Everybody was invited to be present at
this feast, whether they came from New
England or not. The menu was a most
supe b one, and contained forty different
disho and eight kinds of wine. There
was c ferything that could be obtained in
the best restaurants in any part of the
world, and nobody who participated had
need to long for turkey or pumpkin
pie, or anything else for that matter.
As it happened, Hardin Biglow died a
few days previous to Thanksgiving day,
and Governor Burnettcame up from Mon
terey to attend the funeral. This brought
him to Sacramento just in time to be
present at the celebration. He was given
the place of honor at the table, and ex
pressed his delight at the fact that ho was
able to attend the first Thanksgiving cele
bration which had ever been proclaimed
by a Governor of California.
On tnis occasion K. M. Berry acted as
president of the evening. Rev. Mr. Ben
ton asked a blessing and the banquet pro
ceeded. J. W. Cartwright acted as toast
master. The festivities were kept up until
midnight, when, the next day being Sun
day, the first official Thanksgiving cele
bration in the history of the State was
brought to a close.
It is not known that anybody who at
tended that celebration^ is alive to-day.
Tnere may be, but as the list of guests 13
the drama continued its development by
sudden transitions from scenes of splen
did light leading to the joys of the empy
rean from the terrors of Tartarus. Count
iess lights lit up the temple and courts.
Incense rilied the air and the sanctuary
was til ed with radiance. Entrancing music
from the choirs added joy to the worship
ers. Rhythmic dances and, sacred songs
announced the completion of the ceremo
nies.
The mysteries closed by the veil falling,
and Demeter stood revealed to her wor
shipers in all the splendor of her im
inurtal beauty.
Of course, much of what was regarded
as incommunicable in the mysteries was
never disclose i, but to the Greet it was
the rarest of privileges to witness this
great thank-offering to Demeter. In the
Homeric Hymn it is written: "Blessed is
he who has beheld these rites; for he who
is initiate and he who has nor beheld
these sacred rites has by no means the
same fortune, though dead beneath the
Everything that bears an official name on
the official map of- thoroughfares in the
Surveyor's office is a street.
This particular street, as shown on the
map in the Surveyor's office, has a length
of 34 feet 4 inches and a width of 6 feet 8
inches. And. of course, tbe map in the
Surveyor's office is correct. Nevertheless,
it might be argued by one disposed to be
captious that Reed place has a greater
depth than this, for when you hay«
reached the official end of the street you
come to a flight of woo<ien steps. Mount
ing these, yon find yourself on what may
be calied the second story of Reed street
Traversing this second story a few paces
you reach another flight of stairs, and
these lead to still the third story of Reed
place, at the end of which is a bit of green
tree banging over the fence from a neigh
bor's yard — the only green thing to be
seen on all Reed street.
Reed place is in block 68 of the City and
County of San Francisco, which means
(to those who know) that it runs south
from the north side of Green street, be
tween Montgomery and Kearny, but it
doesn't run very far, and for that reason
it is the very smallest street in all this
great big City.
There are a couple of sixty-foot streets
running north from Post stieet, above
Taylor— Ophir and Agate alleys— but they
are long compared with Reed place.
A Sea Sphinx.
Silent she looks out on the desert sea
Where the white caravans go creeping by —
Star-led across a waste of starless sky —
Tbe mercln.nt Arabs of the ocean free!
Inscrutable her stony features be;
Her granite lips inflexible defy
All questioners; and in each hollow eye
Hovers a shadow and a mystery.
Old Ocean's secret centuries ago
She learned from the innumerable lips
That saug unconscious of a listener.
Henceforth, forever, it is hers to know
The predetermined destinies of ships,
The jny or doom of every voyager I
Frank Dempster Sherman, in tbe Bachelor of
Arts, New York, October.
J\ipp\j-Dog Dirvrvers.
Chow dog, in the way of Chinese diet,
is so great a delicacy that to leave it out
of an official dinner in China would be as
great a crime as leaving out whitebait or
asparagus in May on similar occasions in
this country. At Canton rows of doss,
skinned, dressed and ready (or cooking,
are hung up in lines on the stalls in the
market-place. The poor chow, when thus
he contributes to the delicacies of the
heathen Chinee's table, must not have out
grown the tender stage of puppydom.
When he is two months old, and his little
carcass weighs two pounds, he is at his
best, and once be has managed to escape
his doom till he is six months old, he has
a chance of living to a patriarchal age, for
after that time his "flavor" is not, from
the epicurean point of view, what it ought
to be.
From the non-Celestial point of view the
chow pup is far too amusing and hand
some a little customer to be sacrificed on
the same altar on which are laid shark
fins, duck tongues and swallow nests.
The b;.by chow in appearances is like a
tiny bear cub. The lower 10,000 of China
—or rather the lower 10,000,000— who can
not afford a dinner of chow, philosophic
ally eat rats instead, deeming them a very
passable and palatable substitute for the
coveted puppy dog.
•—»• — » »
In Italy thirty persons out of 10,000 die
by the assassin's knife.
not complete they could not be located*
In the larger cities of California, such as
San Francisco, San Jose and Monterey,
some attempt was made at observing
Thanksgiving by the families. Those
who could afford it had turkey, but that
is about as far as it went. The stores did
not close generally, but business was no
ticeably black. The few churches held ser
vices out of respect to the gubernatorial
proclamation, but nothing on a large
scale was attempted.
In San Francisco the French restaurants
prepared a Thanksgiving dinner and man
aged to get a little more custom tlian
usual. The men here were glad to take
part in anything that showed signs of
producing a good time.
"I well recollect my first Thanksgiving
day in San Francisco," said Joseph A.
Coolidge. "There was nothing very re
markable about it, but of course we had
to celebrate by eating turkey. I bought
one, a small one, and paid $16 for it. But
it was young and alive. I bought it sev
eral days before and gave it in charge of a
French cook to fatten. He stuffed it alive
until it was as plump as a partridge. It
made my mouth water to look at it. The
day before Thanksgiving he picked it alive
and allowed it to run around without any
feathers. But when that turkey was served
I teli you it was fit for Lucullus. I don't
know where it came from, but I was satis
fied with it. I think that by the time I
paid the cook for preparing that turkey
and the extra* that were necessary to go
with it, together with a few other things
requisite for the dinner, it must have cost
at least $50. But it was worth it, and I
didn't leave much."
Burmese humanity to animals goes so
far as to provide buffaloes kept in stables
with mosquito netting. The mosquitoes
are as annoying to cattle as to human
beings, but when left out of doors the
buffalo can protect himself by rolling in
the mud and allowing it to cake upon
him.
murky darkness." And Sophocles says'
"To these alone are granted life."
Mysteries to the Greek originally spoke
to the eye; they were a religious drama
rather than a moral or philosophic teach
ing. But the mind of the Greek could not
reirain inert in these exciting scenes.
Some observers stopped devoutly with the
legends; others, iew in numbers, rose
from the sentiment to the idea — from im
agination to reason — and, aided by the
elasticity of the symbols, gradually intro
duced doctrines that certainly were not
there in the beginning, or were in an
extremely vague condition. Uionysius
and Persephone in the underworld repre
sented the apparent death of the human
race and their apparent restoration to life.
i Olympus typified renewe l life and im
mortality. Later still, these ideas became
more definite and there grew up amid the
mysteries a purified polytheism, resem
bling in certain of its tendencies the spirit
ual character of the Christian re!igion.
Rebecca Lawrekcb.
The Smallest
Voter ir\ the Gity
The smallest voter in San Francisco is
Samuel Joseph Kings. on. He stood on
a chair to cast his ballot, and even then
was not as tall as many another voter.
His height is 4 feet 2 inches. He is a
native son of California and, curiously
enough, the son of well-developed parents
and the brother of several tall men.
In the business section of the City
Samuel Joseph Kingston is well known.
He drives a rubber-stamp wagon for a
Sansome-street firm. He is bright, in
telligent, active and has worked for his
present employer something like ten years
or more.
He is known as "Sammy" and is a gen
eral favorite. He is always good-humored
and witty, and is considered a good busi
ness man. He cast his vote for William
Jennings Bryan, and it was just as big a
vote as that cast by any other man in the
The Smallest Voter.
City. One of "Sammy's" big brothers is a
wtll-known insurance man in this
City, and the contrast in height between
these two is something ludicrous when
they are seen on the street together,
which sometimes happens. 'Sammy" lives
at 41 Langton street. He is 31 years of
age and has dark-brown hair and eyes.
For one so small he has remarkable phys
ical strength and endurance, and tbongh
his le.s are comparatively the shortest
part of him yet he is quick-footed to a de
gree and as spry and active as many a
normally fashioned man. While "Sammy"
is the smallest voter in San Francisco he
also enjoys the distinction of being the
smallest man in the City, and probably in
the whole State. He is, however, only
email in stature. He is a kind-hearted
man, honest and intelligent, and really, in
a true sense, a much bigger man mentally
and morally than many of those who
tower way above him physically.
There are but 45 steamers with a higher
speed than 19 knots, of which 25 belong to
Great Britain, 7to Belgium, 5 to Germany,
3 each to Holland and France, and 2 to
the American line. This list does not in
clude war vessels and river and laic*
steamers.
1718
SOCIAL EVENTS OF AUTUMN.
Dinners and Receptions of the
Past Week— Thanksgiving Announcements,
TEAS.— Several dinners and not a few
luncheons have eerved to keep the
fashionable world busy during the past
week.
Yesterday— as is usual for Saturdays during
the winter moathb— was given over to after
noon teas.
Mrs. Southard Hoffman yesterday closed her
si-nes of Saturday teas that have been com
plimentary to her charmiug debutante daugh
ter, Miss Alice lloffuiau.
At the Hoffman teas the young ladies who
assisted in receiving wore noticeable lor their
charming and winsome manners and pretty
faces. Yesterday the receiving parly conslnted
of Mrs. Hoffman, the Misses Hoffman, Miss
Genevleve Carolan, Miss Heriha Sydney
Smith and Miss Cora Smcilbon;. Tue hours of
the reception were from 4 tilt ti o'clock, dur
ing which several hundred latlies and gen
tlemen were entertained. No elaborate at
tempt at decorations wore made save an
artistic arrangement of choice autumn flowers.
Twice during the week has Mrs. Homer KinK
opened her hoepituble home to her many
friends. Yesterday a largo number of young
people, for the racist part the young friends of
Frank King, were euleriniiuvl at a matinee
reception between the hours of 4 and 7.
Elaborate preparations were made for the
entertainment of the guests and the home whs
bright with choice autumn blossoms. Assist
ing Mrs. King to receive her cuests were Mrs.
l'razer, Mrs. Kruttschuitt, Mrs. George Carr,
Mrs. Henry Bothiu, Mrs. Horace Hill, Mrs. J.
D. Fry, Miss Ella Goodall, Miss Isabella Hutch
lnson, Miss Mattie Win tiler, Miss Lydia Hall,
Miss Emma Spreckels ami Miss Ella Morgan.
There Is an unfortunate impression existing
in the minds of many people that the Woman's
Exchange is a wealthy and prosperous cor
poration, but the reverse is the fact. The
esefeMjN runs behind every year from $1000
to $1500, and at the present time has but $13
to lv credit in the bank. There is a contribut
ing membership, each paying $;} a year, but
the income from that source is but little,
while the expenditures for rent and salaries
amount to thousands of dollars annually.
It is this condition of uffairs that cau-es the
exchange to appeal mutually to the ever gen
erous public tor financial assistance. Bow
t tiu funds in the treasury are at a low tide and
money must be obtained to carry the institu
tion 08. With this object in view a "cushion
tea" will ba held on Tuesday, December
i, at tho residence ol Mrs. T. m.
Lilienthal, ou the northeast corner of
California and Oouvia ttrreeta, tickets for
which, costins only 50 cents each, can be ob
tained there or at tlio Woman's Exchange, 26
Post street. Light refreshments will be served,
end the only articles to be offered for sale'iiro
fancy cushions in neat variety and at low
prices. Hos..e.- > Huugariau orches'ra will
play in the afternoon ironi 3 until 5, aud in
tho evening from 8 until 11 o'clock. Henry
ileyman will have a special programme of
music for me evening i»y Miss Jennie EhsU
iniiii, soprano; Miss Gallagher, contralto; Miss
Kickhu.-ea, violinist; and W. T. Andrews,
barytone. James Swiuuertou will give Ins
artistic specialties, and Alexunder Ros
borough, Robert Mitchell and others will con
tribute to an attractive entertainment. Harry
S. Fonda has promised a poster In colors." It
is hoped that the financial returns will be
generous. ; ,' ■
The germ an of the Saturday Evening Cotil
lon Club, which look place Friday evening at
I. tint's Hall, was the largest atteuded and most
brilliant gathering of the club this season.
Since the consolidation of the Deux Temps
Club with the Saturday evening organization
the management has chanced the dates of
some of the meeting*, The younger so
ciety set turned out in force. The gowns of
the Ladle, were unusually fetching, parties
larly when seen in the evolutions of theger
man.
The cotillon was led by Howard W. Adams,
who had as a partner Miss Georgette C. Smith.
The figures were all original. The first oue,
called the Z figure, was followed by the hollow
square, which, altaough complicated, was ad
mirably executed and produced an excellent
effect. The ihird and leal one was a marening
figure, simple but attractive.
The music was also original, being composed
by the leader, Mr. Adams, ana entitled •■ 1 M
Fortnightly Two-Step, " "The Leap Year Two
Step," and the " Fin de Slecle Wall
Tne first set was composed of the following
members; Miss Jouas and Joseph King, Miss
Buchanan and Donald Smith, Miss Bruce
ana Mr. Sherman, Miss Bowman and Mr. Nor
ris. Miss Dickens and Mr. Mcßride, Miss Hind
and Mr. j-mith, Miss Nonmmd and P. King.
Miss Snrague and Mr. Huie, Mi>s Webber aud
Mr. White.
The lad of the Laurel Hall Cub held their
semi-annual open meeting at Beethoven
Hall Weanesday afternoon. The Laurel Hal
is the oldest of the literary clubs la the city,
having been organized cloven years ago, and
has a larsto membership. Meetings are held
in the seme hall every two weeks, and twice a
year, at what is called the oven meetings, each
member is permitted to invite a lady friend.
There is teluom any outside talent at ilum
gatherings, the club being possessed o: suffi
cient to make the affairs interesting. Mrs. 1.
Lowonberg is the president. Mrs. Lewis Weiu
inann the secretary and Mrs. Irving Moulton
the recording secretary.
The stage was decorated with plants, ferns
aud smilax, and on the tables of the officers
were several handsome floral pieces.
In a few appropriate words Mrs. Lowenberg
called the club to order, and Mrs. Louisa Cad
wa'.ad r gave a vocal s.OIO by Tosti.
Mrs. Frank P. Sweet read 'the first paper, and
chose tor her subject "1 Wonder Why." - a
was followed by a piano solo, "Aniscnuring,"
by Schumann, performed by Miss Eleanor
Joseph.
••Fin de Siecle Literature" was the title of
the paper read by Mrs. Ella M Sexton, in
which «ne rev uveJ the literature of the pres
ent day and compared it with that of earlier
times. Mrs. Charles Freeman Johnson recited
"At Odds With Life" and "Aunt Bae*e Bean."
Two compositions written by Mrs. Isadora
Knox, entitled "My Secret" and "Boies," were
admirably sung by Mrs. James M. fierce.
A paper was rend by Mrs. Pierce on "Fun— |
Taken Seriously." ihe entertainment con
cluded with an excellent reading from "King
Henry VIII." by Mrs. M»ry Betehel Haivrh v
Mrs. Sidney M. tmitu has kindly given the <
use of her residence, northeast corner of Web- !
Mer street and Broadway, tor next Saturday
afternoon aud evening, when an exhibition of
"Living Miniatures." and a Christmas lair i
will be given by the Gold ell Circle of the
King's Daughters.
Mrs. Wlutbrop F.lwyn Lester has issued cards
for a tea which she will give in honor of tier
cousin, Miss Bobart, at her residence on Van
Ness avenue and Washinctou street, next Sat
urday afternoon, from 4 o'clock until (i.
Mrs. Austin C. Tabbs gave a matinee tea lust
Thursday at her residence, 2510 Jackson
street, in honor of her sister-in-law Mrs
Joseph S. Oyster. The ladies who assisted
them in receiving were Mrs. .Frederick W;
Taliant, Mrs. John D. Tallaut. Mrs. Robert J
Woods. Mrs. George A. Pope and Mrs. Daniel !
T. Murphy.
Mrs. Frank W. Samner will give a musicale !
at her residence on next Saturday evening.
Mrs. £. Avery McCarthy and Miss Wacn«»r I
will give a tea, from 4. until 7 o'clock, next '
Saturday afternoon, at her residence 2716
Scott street, •
The Friday Fortnightly Club will hold its
third meeting of this season next Friday even
ing at Lunt's Hall.
The Monday Evening Dancing class will
hold it* first meeting of this season at Golden
Gate Hall, on Monday evening, November 39
Mr. and Mrs. Russell J. Wilson entertained
cumber of friends at .dinner last Thursday j
evening at their residence, 2027 California I
street.
The Misses Fold man entertained at pro- I
gressive euchre last Thursday evening a; tuelr !
residence, t>4l Shotwell street. Ten tables
»ere occupied, and tho prizes were won by '
Mrs, Walter Van Bergen, Mrs. William F. Man 1
and Mrs. Willaai Bryan. A supper ended the '<
pleasant affair.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank S. Hicks gave a dinner
par last Saturday evening at their home in j
Los Ar.gelt-s as a comoliment to Edward M j
Greenway of this City.
Mrs. J. Downey Harvey gave a lunch party
last Thursday at her residence on Frank.
street and entertained Mr*. Monroe Salisbury,
Mrs. E. W. McKinstry, Mrs. E. Martin, Mrs. B.
B. Cutter. Mrs. S. W. Roscnstock, Mrs, Hager,
Mrs. W. P. Morgan and Mrs. George C. Board
man.
Mrs. James Monroe Goewey will give a mat
inee lea on Tuesday. December 1, from 4 until
6 o'clock at her residence, 300 Page street.
Miss Elizabeth Carrol was the guest of honor
a: »a elaborate luncheon given by Miss Mitltla
v> hit tier at the la tier's home on Jackson street
on Wednesday. The guests were: Miss Ger
trude Carroll. Miss Ro«e Hooper. Miss Bessie
Lane Miss Mchie Thomas, Miss Lottie Wood,
Miss Elm Goodall, Miss E.la Morgan, Miss Dot
tie de Noon, Mvi Romie Wallace and Mrs.
Henry E. Bothin.
On Tuesday, the 24th, Miss Estee will give a
xaatlnee tea, complimentary to Miss Gertrude
Thompson of Naps. Assisting her in receiving
will be Miss Dorotar Ames, Miss Ouinetta
Henley. Miss Wanda Bras tow. Miss Colbarn
Miss Lowell, Miss Lacy Jackson, Miss Bos*
lyndo Bryant and Mias Qrace Bradford of San
Rafael.
Mrs. Otto nendtx entertained Mme. Fannie
lUoomHeld-Zeisler at a charming luncheon
last Sunday afternoon. T.iose who partici
pated were: Mme. Zelsler, Mr. and Mrs. Ben
dlx, Mr. Bloomtield, Nathan Landxburgcr,
Mrs, AiicpSclimidi-Frlhch, Mr. Fleishman and
W. K. Brigßs.
THEY'RE ENGAGED.
Several Interesting: Betrothals Made
Public During- the Week.
THE engagement is announced of Miss
Hut tie Bloomingdale to George A. Kline.
At home this Sunday, the 22d, and Mori -
dsy, tlie '-oil.
The engagement is announced in Portland,
Or., of Miss Frances Lachmau to Milton Marke
wits, both of thru city. They will receive ou
the 83d at 550 Taylor street, Portland.
The engagement is announced of Miss Rattle
Bloomingdale and George A. Kline. They will
be at home at 1015 Guugh street on the 22d
aiid 8M Hist.
WEDDING BELLS.
Interesting Ceremony on Wednes
day Last in the Garden Gty.
ON Wednesday evening last the wedding
ol Miss Emma, daughter of Mrs. Richard
Acton, ana George T. Gribner, resident
Ol Jose, was solemnized at the Third
i. onsregntional Church. It was a pink and
white wedding and the church interior was
tastefully decorated in corresponding colors.
The bridesmaid, Jiiss Lulu Acion, tho sister
A "CALL" ARTIST'S VISION OF THE COMING HORSE SHOW.
of the bride, came here irom the East to at
tend the ceremony. George W. Hummel of
this City officiated as best man.
An elaborate wedding supper followed the
happy union at the homo of the bride's
mother on Twenty-fourth street, at which only
the relatives of the couple were present, and
at its conclusion Mr. and Mrs. Gribner left for
, Che southern part of tne State, where they will
I spend the Honeymoon.
The wedding ol John Kabel and Miss Pauline
Schilling took place Wednesday evening. No
vember 11. at the horn* of the bride's mother,
Mr- A. M. Schilling, 1427 Steiner street. R<>v.
: J. M. Buchler perormed tie ceremony. Mr.
! and Mr. Cabel Will reside at Santa Maria, and
i depart for their future home on Saturday
next.
CLUB GATHERINGS.
Merry-Making of Members and
Their Friends.
INDEPENDENCE SOCIAL CLCB fl;ied Mossrt
Hall on the tith inst with a merry throng
of pleasure-seekers oa the occurrence of
its monthly dance. The socials of this club
are h.'th select and popular.
The Clud, California School of Elo
cution and Oratory, cave an entertainment in
!t> hall in the new Y. M. C, A. bul ding on
Friday evening last.ou which occasion the fol
Our Whist Exchanges.
We have for several weeks been favored with
the whist edition of the Post-Express of
Rochester, N. V., and we desire to offer an
| apology for not paying th« attention to it that
it so richly deserves. The last copy to hand
l:as no less than six columns of very interest
ing whist matter, on all current topics of the
day, and it also has a special feature. R. F.
Foster, the famous whist expert and author of
I several valuable books on the game, and whist
editor of the New York Sun. contributes an
! art ice each week; this alone makes the paper
a mist valuable one lor all lovers of whist, far
. and near. True, Mr. Foster is an ardent advo
cate of -short suiti'm," but that is nothing
against him; he will get over that in time; he
: has the best interest of the game at heart. We
| wish him and the Post-Excress every success
in their new undertaking.
In the current number, Mr. Foster says:
Probably every whi«t player has been told at
some time or other that it is a very srrloas error
j to play » strong- game with a weak hand. The
i books are full of warnings agHlnsl such a vitia
tion of j r!r.cl| ie, and any perron wbo bus given
the matter serious consideration mast have ar
rived at t tic conclusion tbat It was one of the seven
i deadly sins.
Next time you hear this criticism made use of
ins: »6k the critic to tell yon exactly what consti
j tutes a weak or a strong hand. The answer will
I prohab'y be that » r rang hand Is one thai con-
I tains strong suns. Now. the books tell us that *
! long suit Is a strong snl:: but If hearts trumps
and you beta seven dubs, eight high, acd six dia
monds, seven r.Uh. both very long sal would you
thins you tii.il a strong hand? Woold yon not
gladly exchange my ten cards In it for the deuce
of tramps?
Th» strength of any hand is its probable trick
takini; va ne. Not the number of tricks that will
be taken with It as the cards happen to be dis-
J tributed tbat deal, but the average number of
! tricks tbat It wou.d take If ibe thirty- un
J known cards wer« distributed a thousand times in
a thousand different ways. In estimating the
I stretch or »r»ku«ssof m hand, the •xpertenced
i player lakes into account its trump strength and
; the manner in which. the various bich cards In
j plain suit* are combined wUh one acother; but
j even tbe moat expert . s:lru«;e is only the probable
, strength of the hand, for not one hand In a million
lis a certainty. Let 03 suppose that th* heart Is
1 tar. Ed and that the leader holds the six hlf best
j tramps, the four highest clubs and the three
highest Fpades. lie wou a undoubtedly be willing
to bet »tvtb:nj that te would make a slam. ' That
is th* irobabl* valoe of hi- hand. Vet the player
who actually held these cards lost the Odd trick:
tor he found all tbe remhlatsg trumps with the
dealer, together with six wlniilrp di. moods. No
matter what he led first or how he played after
ward it was impossible for the' leader to make
more than six tricks
Thk Call asked three questions. Mr. Foster
snswers two of them :
L We are surprised to see the suits in the
illustrated hands iv the Kew York Sun men
tloued in irreculsr order. Is It po&sible that
the whist editor is unswsre en the fact that
the order for nearly forty y«*n has been
spades, hearts, clubs and diamonds?
t, Why does not the whist edit, r of tbe
Field of London catch up with the proces-ion
and use the words North, i^ouin. East and \\ <>*•
in speaking of playsrs, rather tueu tae uncer
THE SAN FKAIS CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896
lowing programme wan rendered: Instru
mental duet (selected), Benjamin F. Strand
and Sigismund Blamann; recitation (se
lected). Miss Cora E. Chase; monologue,
"The Show at Wllkins' Hall" (Bertha
M. Wilson). Miss K. {Frances Luse.
Tableaux, (a) "Music, Oratory aud Physical
Cultuie." Mrs. M. McAlister, Miss Ruby Moore
and Miss Lottie Graeber; (6) "Rending the
I Startling News in the Morning Paper," (c;
"The Effect of Reading the Startling Kews,"
I MinsMsbel Sweetland, Miss Lily Harris, Miss
Anna Egenhoff, Miss Lottie Graeber and Mrs.
B. M. McKay. Vocal solo, (a) '"The Blue Eyes
of Spring" (Frans Res), (b) "Florian's Song"
(Godard), Miss Ruby Moore. Comedietta, "As
Strangers" (Annie Eliot)— Frances Kingsley,
Miss M. McLennan: Walter Evanston, Fred
L. hhaw; Susan, a maid, Miss M. E. Sweetlaud.
Va se de Concert, "Las f'ajmas" (E. Kettcrer),
Benjamin F. Strand. Recitation, "The Cath
olic Psalm" (Elizabeth I. Hubbard). Miss Lulu
Krieg. Tableaux, (a) "The Persecution of
Art," (b) "The Triumph of Art," Miss Mabel
Sweetlaud, Miss Lily Harris. Miss Anna Egen
i" ff, Miss Lottie Graeber and Mrs. B. M. Mc-
Kay ; (c) "The Lovers' Quarrel," Mrs. M. Mc-
A isier, Mi s Ruby Moore and Miss Lottie
Graeber. Vocal solo, "Wake Not, But Hear Me,
r>ove" (George L. Osgood). poem from "Ben
Hur," Miss Maud L. Davis. Farce, "Stage
I Struck"— Mr. Maywond, an elderly merchant, I
I J. H. Vint: Fredoriek. his son. A. N. Dodue;
Mr-. Cowslip, an o!d countrywoman. Hies
Anna Egenhoff; Cora NeviKe, her niece. Miss {
Hot tie M. Corlett
The reeular monthly r»arty of Beck's Danc
ing Class was he'd on Tlmisday evening, No-
Tf mbt-r 19, at Sar«toga Hall. The usual lari:e.|
«u;i:tnoc was;present and a very vnjoyaole j
evenlns: was spent by all.
(in Wednesday evetutur, November 18. the ■
Nationals, Companies C *nd G,tcave anotht-r !
n Ki-tr.-i slid vand) ril >> entertainment in the
| magnificent hall at SlsE'.lis street. Theen
! tertaiuinent. which was most success:ul, whs
followed by dancing. It will be remembered
' that on Aj.ril 24 las; the Nationals save a sim
! ilar entertainment and enjoyed the company
j of 11U0 people.
A inrce audience filled the Younc Men's
Christian Association Auditorium on Friday '
eveuing, the occasion beins a concert by the j
pupils ol the Srtn Francisco Co serva'ory of i
■ Music, under the direction of E. L. Bone 111. '
I The following programme was rendered aud I
Ftcetred with much app.ausp:
March rxux Flambeaux (Cl«rk), Conservatory
String Orchestra, puriis of Professor T. D.
Herzog: piano solo. "Romance san* Parole" |
| (<ioebart«), Antonio Mrt>:a:"-a; mandolin selec- .
- li n, ••AiigelR 1 Serenade" (Braga). MiasesCall,
K. Lynch. E. Norris, H. Punlaii, Mrs. Lour anl
('■instaatine Bricca; piano so.o, (a) Po'acca i
(Weber), (6) "Rigoletto" (Liszt). Miss Katie |
Lynch; "lionheur Perdu" (Gillet), Conserva
tory String Orchestra; violins— Misses M. Con
| lin. E. Sailer, A. Boneon, G. Lynch, M. Abeillo
1 and Messrs. E. Euasseu, F. Lynch, W. Oimer, i
taln terms of A. B, Y. Z, which give no definite
information as to partners or position: !
Why do not whist writers use the word
"tricks' instead of "points" in speaking of the
sccre? There is 4 no cuch thing as points in
duplicate whist.— San Frencuco CalL
WMM Editor Call : 1. Cavendish Is the
j only authority for the order of the suits
| making spades first. Howell, Starnes and
j other writers wno keep an invariable
j trump suit make the suit hearts. My
I reason for the order is thi»: Hearts first, be
> cense the heart is the first thing to show life;
' then a club muct be taken in hand to fight
I one's way through the world and get some
• diamonds; and after the rulber is over, a
spade will dig the player's grave. ,
2. The N. E. S. W. notation is not so good as
the A V B Z for recorded hands, although bet
ter for the use of plsyers actually engaged,
j and changing positions to follow a schedule.
i The N. E. S. W. gives no clew as to leader or
I dealer, and if editor forgets to state it, the
hand is a disappointment. In the AY B Z do
! taticn the first two letters ot the alphabet al
-1 wsys play against the last two, and the first
, letter of the alphabet is always the first p.ayer
I in the deal.
I read wlih interest the letter from L. W.
Si tton. but it does not go far enough. In the
"Monthly Illustrator" for October, page 157,
I call attention to the fact that Drayson origi
nated our present lesd of the fourtn best, and
that "Pembrldge," in one of his cynical
moods, proposed to count from the top of the
bull, and wrote to the Westminster papers
twenty-five years sgo saying the proper name
for the new lead was "third from the top."
Tris: called it ••fourth best," and Cavendish
advertised the mot, and it went.
But your correspondent S:tton evidently
docs not know :hnt neither Cavendish nor
Trist invented the system of showing; number
by varying the leads from high cards. Twenty
year? before sny such system was advocated
by Cavendish it was used In the London ciuba,
aud twenty years before Cavendish came out
with bis wonderful discovery of the lead of
ace and not king when holding five c«rds of
the suit to show five hsads had been pub
lisbed. showing the use ot that lead in prac
Uce, In the "Monthly Illustrator" for De
cember I shall give the fir>t baud ever pub
lished in which our present system of Ameri
can leadi was u*pd. « uriously enough it
should have lost a trick. K. F. Foster.
Dravjsorv's "GK&i\gc your Suit."
■ On September 13 and 80 we spoke of the
many advantages of this beautiful play. We
Give two illustrations of the play and ask
all students of the g.-uuc to at least try it. This
play Is not new. W# hsvo played it for over
twelve yours, and wttn a partner who has a
lUtle whist perception' lt is certainly trick
winning,
H. Morton, G. McNevin, F. Drake and L Hunt;
violas— Miss Bowers and Mr. M. Wilhelmy;
Velio ana bass— Messrs. R. C. McLean and G.
Widder; cornet, Irene Lynch. Piano so'o, [a)
"Impromptu 1" Op. 29 (Chopin), (6) -'Rondo
Capriccioso" (Meudelssohn), Miss F. Burke;
song, selected, Signor R. Stanttni. Presenta
tion of prize in theory and harmony examina
tion. Piano solo, "Recollection of Horn"."
(Mills), Miss M«mie Muncie; recitation (a)
violin fantasy, (6) a humorous selection, M:ss
Alice Boardman, pupil of Professor W. T.Ross;
piano solo, "Rhapsodic No. 2" (Liszt), Miss
Jennie Fraser; harp solo (Ramon). Signora
Perini; piano solo, (a) papiilon (Lavallee),
(6) v»ls* graciense (Denne), Miss Ida Bradley;
mandolin selection (Glover), Conservatory
Mandoiin Club; piano solo, "Military Polo
naise" (Chopin), Miss Clara Leonard: string
quartet, "Serenade" (Haydn), Misses Mamie
Conlin, Annie Beuson, Phoebe Bowers aud R.
C. McLean.
A grand concert and ball was given by the
Mexican Ladies' Benevolent'Societylast even
ing at Union-square Hall. The affair was a
most enjoyaole one, aud a large assemblage
wbs present.
Native Sons' Hall was crowded Wednesday
evening on the occasion of the regular monthly
entertainment and dance of the Western Ad
dition Literary and Social Club. After an
overture by the orchestra the following pro
gramme was presented in a manner which
brought applause at the end of each number:
Teuor solo, Jonn D. Phelps; selection, "The
Neapolitan Mandolin Quartet," T. Lachmann,
B. Abrams, H. Warren and M. Gettis ; character
sketch, T. lx>CKer; soprano solo. Mrs. Frank L.
Wratten. 1 -
The comedy entitled "'The Bicyclers." writ
ten by John Kendrick Bangs, was then pro
duced with the following cast: Robert Yards
ley. Arthur W. Jones; Jack Barlow, William
M. Ogllvic; Th&ddeus Perkins, Alfred A. Bor
lini; Edward Brad .►•v. Joseph A. Fogarty; Mrs.
Thaddt-ui Perkins. Mis* Mabel Uaselttne; Mrs.
Edward Bradley, Miss Elsie A. Duncan ; James,
James Gulllios. ;£*•;;";■ •■
Dancing followed and was kept up for a
couple of hours. The affair was under the
management of the following-named officer-:
President, A. P. Black; vice-president, John
W. Maiden; treasurer, H. E. Holmes; finan
cial secretary, N. C. Harris; recording-secre
tary, Harrison Houseworth ; executive com
mittee — A. Mullen' (chairman), A. W.
Jones, R. B. McKee, F. H. Jong, N. C. Pad
dock, W. £. Connor. • • v '■.-■.:
HOME GATHERINGS.
Fulmer Lhcrary and Musicale and
Other Interesting Affairs.
A VERY pleasantn t birthday party was ten
dered Miss Amelia Michaels by her
many friends at her residence. 132 Third
street, on Sunday eveuing. The occasion was
a most enjoyable one, and dancing aud games
were indulged In up to a late hour. Among
those present were the Misses Freed, Harrison,
WHIST
Jrying to GorvVert Wcems.
DEAL NO. 10.
Illustrating "change your suit." Prom Ma
jor-Generai Draysou.
TKICXS.
«orni. i west, j north.
EAST.
l - ', KQ j 6O ' 2O
- , QP 100 50 .»
3 : AQ I JO 90
*•• •••••;• ••• •' I""**'! 2* ' ; s* '
5 -.. Q* 9+ 3+"
£ • 'A + :j: 2* 6*
'- a* 3* so
I — 4* 7* *» •
4° ; 40. 60 *0
*? 90 ko | JO.
"-•;:: 6* ,"«•" 5 *
h- v 9« ic* so
13 ~" • •• 7O 70 «0O
! 3O
4O
80
4+
7*
J +
• 10*
• K«k"
20
. 60
80
Score: North and South 9. East and W>st. 4
In the original play ol this deal North at
trick 4 plays 5 clubs, at trick 5 th- 8, com
pleting the "change your suit." Unfortun
ately, South did not understand it. At trick
6 East plays a false card. The result is: North
and South 9. East snd WestW est 4.
Overplay, of the Deal.
In the overplay the ssme cards were played
down to the nnh trick. In which North com
pletes the "change your suit." South, instead
of leading the ace of clubs, leads either a spade
or diamond. Suppose he led a spade. North
win* with ace and leads 6 of clubs, wbich
South wins with ace. South now knows that
Nona does not hold either krnjr or queen of
spades, so leads 9 of diamonds, wbicn North
passes. South then leads 4 of diamonds, and
North and South win thirteen trlcss. If at
trick 6 South had led 9 of d amends instead of
spades the same result would follow— thirteen
tricks. Wtthout tbe "change your suit" play.
f South at trick 7 had led 9 of diamonds.
North acd South would have won thirteen
tricks, but South hsd nothing to guide him to
lead thus. II South at trick 7 had 2«d a spade.
North on wlnniag wiih ace must hare led so*
Klurnet, stone, Bloom, Meyers, Gruman,
Friedman. Michael, and Messrs. I. Klarnet. A.
L. Friedman, E. Regensburger, H. Levy, V.
Harrison.
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Fulmer, late of Memphis,
Term., now residents of this City, gave a
Charming reception on Monday evening at the
Colonial, where they are located for the win
ter. Among the features of the evening there
were vocal selections by M ss Ethei Graham,
late of Los Angeles, Mrs. Fulmey, Arthur Cohn
rich and Mr. Snook. Miss Graham and Mr.
Cohnrich, Miss MeDke a::d Mrs. C. J. Kaighin
gave readings from Shakespeare. Those pres
ant were: Mr. nno Mrs. George Carr, Mr. and
Mrs. Grissim, Mr. and Mrs. Richardson, Mr.
and Mrs. Kaighin. Mr. and Mrs. Franks and
Mrs. Johnson, Mi.-s Graham, Miss Lizzie Wain
wrigbt, Miss Dunn and Miss Menke; Messrs.
Connrich, Farrell and Snook of this City, Cap
tain James Rees and Leon Hunt of Memphis,
Term. After tbe entertainment delicious re
freshments were served in the elegant private
dining-room of the Colorial.
A very pleasant birthday party was eiven
recently to Miss Rose Bennett at the residence
of her parents, 504} 3 ' M nna street. Miss
Bennett received numerous presents. A very
enjoyable evening was spent. Those present
included: Mr. and Mrs. S. Bennett, Mr. and
Mrs. Baxt r, Mr. and Mrs. Cook, Mr. and Mrs.
Fountain, Mr. and Mrs. Draper, Mrs. Rewig,
Vr. and Mrs. D. Benjamin, Miss L. Hind,
Mrs. E. Benjamin, Miss Susie Walker, Miss
Liilie Rewig, Miss uelle Bennett, Miss T. Ben
jamin, Miss Annie Kothberg, Master Lester
aud many others.
Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Smith celebrated the I
twentieth anniversary ol their marriage oa
last Thursday evening. Their home was made
beautiful with decorations of ferns and ber
ries. An elaborate supper was served by C. F.
Jviaburg. and a oand stationed in the hail ren
dereo music for the oconsiou. The guests
were: Mr. and Mrs. Dan T. Cole, C'ousul-Gen
eral Tinoco and wife. Dr. and Mrs. D. L. Steel,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Frank Moroney, Miss Estella
Smith, Dr. Rutherford B. Irones. Mr. acd Mr-.
Charles Nichols, Mrs. Jessie Marks, Andrew H.
Pc erson, Mrs. Martha Peterson, Sam Mon
sarrat and Mrs. M. J. Nichols, Fred McFarland.
Miss I'olly Marks, Donald Feri.'u>on. Mrs. C.
lroues, Leo Bruck, Miss A. Hoffman, Milton
Smith and Ed lallahan.
Mr. and Mrs. Adams pave a delightful party
at their residence, IGO3 Stockton street, on
Saturday evening. November 14. complimen
tary to their daughter. Miss Juanita Adams.
The young lady received h.-r friends, assisted
by Hiss Harris. Aiuons those present were:
Tne Mis-es Yaud and Emma Gill. Miss Edna
Adams, Miss Harris. Miis cchullenbere. Mi-s
Lieb, Mias Banker, Miss Johnson, William H.
BhaWi Mr. Pau'.i, Mr. Adams, Mr. Joaes, Mr.
BiiTer, Mr. Perry and many others.
A birthday party was tendered to Miss Kitty
Efford on Monday evening last at her resi
dence, 1318 Guerrero street. The parlors were
of diamonds, then jack of diamonds and West
on winning with king must have led spade
and East aud West wia four tricks.
y\r\other Illustration by Qeneral
Dravjson.
.. Tricks. j South. West. | North, j East.
1.... .......... Q* 3* 2+ 7+
2.:....... *+ 6+ 5+ 8+
3.... 4+ •»♦ K» | jo*
4— ; 9* 2* K» i 5«
»-......'.. 3* 7* *♦ 6+
TRICK.S.
At trick 5 Soctb completes "change your
•nit" signal. If North will now obey the com-
mand and chance the suit either of the two
remaining North and South make thirteen
tricks. Ii North did not understand the signal
and had one morn round of spades East and
West win two tricks.
Jhe Jftdeout Jrophy J*tatch.
Tne eighth challeng* match for the Kideout
trophy was played last Saturday afternoon
and evening between the Petaiuma club
I (bolder) aud the Sau Francisco rlub (chal
lenger). The Petaiuma club was represented
by J. L, Csmm (president of the club\ Judge
Morstadt, L, Falkner and H. T. Fairbanks, the
same team which so nobly defended iv ciub
snd won whist honors and the trophy from
the plucky Vailejos two weeks previous. The
San Francisco club was represented by George
E. Bates flu president). Dr. W. R. Lowgood
F. Meyer and H. C. Richards. Tht mstch was
| played in the rooms of the Feuluma Social
Club under the direction of I\ J. lormey, o»e
i president of the association.
Twenty-four deals were played in the after
noon and twenty-four in the evening, At the
end of the first half San Francisco stood one
trick to the good— ll to 10. In ; the «v*ntn«
Petaiuma fell down. The strain was too
much for Mr. Fairbanks and Mr. Falser, and
at th« end of th« evening** play San Francisco
had a net gain of 13 tricks.
San Francisco gamed on tw*ntv-tw,> deals,
with a total of £9; Petalnma^Uned o5
tweive deals, with a toial of 1* ; fouruoa d*aU
broke even.
handsomely decorated with evergreens, chrys
anthemums and other flowers, making a very
effective appearance. The fore part of the
evening was passed in singing, dancing and
games, and at midnight the quests adjourned
to the dinii g-room, where a bounteous repast
wag partaken of. After supper dancing was
indulged in until an early hour. Among tne
invited guests were: Miss Evelyn Eff.>rd, Miss
Emily Eflvrd, Miss Magic Daily, Miss Kitty
Sbealds, Miss Alice Whe an, Miss Annie Carr,
Miss Aggie Jones, Misa Lily Joceiyn, Miss
Emily O'Brien, Mrs. McDonnell, Mrs. Annie S.
Clements, G. A. Williams, C. C. White, H.
Annis, A. Anderson, I. N. Lachman, T. Morgan,
H. Biggistaff, W. Little and Mr. MeGinnls.
SURPRISE PARTIES.
Arthur White Celebrates His
Twenty-First Anniversary.
THE friends of Master George Lucas ten
dered him a pleasant surprise party at
the residence of h is paren ts, 1 533 Howard
street, Friday evening, November 13. Dancing
aud games were indulged in until 11:30
o'clock, when supper was served, after which
dancing was resumed and kept up until 3 a. m.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
W. E. Lucas, Mr. and Mrs. M. M. Lucas and
Miss Katie Lucas. Mrs. Will Head, Miss Lottie
Lucas, Miss Maud Gooch, Mi-s Nettie Poetz.
the Misses Etta and Lela Graff, the Misses
Tessie and Laura Neill, Mi*S Trebelii Kane,
Miss Bella Premiss, Miss Emma Kinjr, Miss
Florence Smith, the Misses Cordio and Katie
Weijen and th« Misses Jennie htid May Kidd;
Messrs. Will Head, George Poe:z. Fred Gooch,
Karl Danzweller, Frank and Herman Schaum
loeffel, Allen Fr«rv, Frank rraney, Fred Slbley,
George Andres, M. MiKiuiey and Louis King.
A very pleasant an i most >ucces*ful sur
prise party was given to Arthur White in
commemoration of his tweniy- first birthday
on Saturday evening, November 1-4, at Stan
ford HalL The hall was «ayly decorated for
the occasion. Games and dancing were in
dulged in until midnight, when the guests
retired to the dining-room, where a most
elaborate supper was served, alter which
games and daueing were resumed until morn
ing.
Among those present were: Mrs. White,
Mrs. Cherry. Mrs. Dunn, Mrs. Leonard, Mrs.
Markbam, Mrs. Tavlor, Miss J. White, Miss H.
White, Miss O'Brien, Miss W. Foster, Miss F.
Foster, Miss O' Bandy, Miss Commins, Miss
Dunn. Miss Fourett, Miss Farley, M ss Gillog
ley, Miss W. Hattabon^h. Miss A. Hattaboußh.
Miss Johnson, Miss K. McKeon, Mise M. M -
Keon, M.«s Millerick, Miss H. M irphy. Miss S.
Murphy, Miss Riordan, Miss Wieland, Messrs.
Bojrue, Brown, Burke, Chessman, Chery, Com
mius, Couahan, Dickey, Donalson, Tcrgurson,
Hennessy.
A pleasant surprise party was given to
George A. Hansen Tuesday evening last at his
residence, 8-7 Treat avenue. Tne home was
prettily decorated with flowers and palms uhd
a pleasant evening spent with dancing and
games. At midnight an elaborate snipper was
served, after which dancing wns resumed until
the early morning. Ainou* those present
were: Mrs. George A. Hansen, Miss Gertie
Reed, Miss Lamester, Mrs. George J. Hansen,
Miss Henrietta Hatisen, Miss May Faumne,
Miss Lltlie Sansen, Miss Kitty McDoiiouith,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Taber, Miss Annie lie-
Donongb, Miss Mamie Manning, Miss Kilty
Cassidy, Miss Susie Schoen, Miss Bertha Oster,
Mr. and Mrs. C. D. Broder. Mr. and Mrs. Turn
NoonaD, Miss Georgie Locker, Miss Mary Hil
lard; Messr . George Hniiseu. Oscar Hansen,
Charles Taylor, Tom Ilillard, Jack Hil.ard. M.
Murp'iy, Bob Gearon, Herman Hanaen, W;l
-liuiu Baker and Mr. Dv ran.
POST-NUPTIALL RECEPTION
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Kyle Re
ceive Congratulations.
ON Tuesday evening- last Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Kyle gave a delightful post
nuptial reception at their home on
O'Farrell street.
Mr. Kyle is one of the best known and most
popular Knight Templars of this State, and his
many mends chose this opportunity of offer
in? their congratulation, s.
The hours of the reception were from 8
till 10.
Merry-making reigned supreme, and during
the service of the elaborate t-upper many
happy toasts were offered.
Congratulations aud good wishes were made
in appropriate speeches by Messrs. Mar
tin Jones, E. P. Cole. H. T. Graves, Charles P.
Chesley, George M. Perirte, L. Welbrie and
last, but by no means least, B. P. Hurlbut,
who retired with honors after delivering a
most witty and humorous address.
Assisting Mrs. Kyle to receive her friends
were Mrs. Riot and Mrs. B. B. Duncan.
Among those present were: Martin Jones,
P. Fraser, B. P. Hurlbut, C. L. Patton, W. <;.
Brown. E. P. Cole, EL T. Graves, B. B. Huncan,
John Toaningset'., Charles P. Cbesley, J. S.
Ewing, Anton Krci£, L. A. Larsen, Ja.nes Mc-
Crossan, Thomas Morton, Georpe M. Perine, A.
G. Schetzel, L. B. Sibley, A. Wilkie, AUred A.
Batken, Emil Woeune.
PERSONALS.
Mrs. Frank L. Thresner of 2710 Devisadero
street has returned from her visit to Minne
apolis and the Ease
Dr. and Mrs. D'Ancona have chanced their
residence to 1022 Suiter street, where they
will receive their friends on the first and third
Tuesdays.
William J. Landers and family are at the
Occidental Hotel lor the winter. Mrs. Landers
ana Miss Landers will receive ou the second
and fourth Mondays in each month.
Miss Usher, the ariist, is again iri"t>er winter
studio on the sixth floor of the Palace.
Mrs. E. B. Ryan and her daughter. Miss
Daisy, will leave Menlo Park on the Ist of De
cember and make tr.eir home for the winter at
the Occidental Hotel in this City.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Moses have removed to 303
Grove street. They will be at home on the
second Monday of each month.
Miss Lilian K. Slinkey, daughter of Mr. and
Next week the Oakland s will Diay the home
club.
Jhe Pavjot Jrophvj.
Last Monday evening Mr. Payot, ex-presi
dent of the San Francisco ciub, presented a
very elesant trophy to the club, to be com
peted, for by straight whist players and by
clubs belonging to the American Whist League
only. A iv.l description, with a cut of this
trophy, appeared ia our columns Tuesday last.
Mr. and ilrs. Fsyo: won the prize at the last
Brooklyn congress for progressive straight
whist.
Whistlets.
The Hamilton Club of Philadelphia won the
American W hist League irophv from the Nar
ragansett Club of Providence, R. 1., on Novem
ber 7, and they now hold both of the great
trophies of the league. The s.ore was 2S to 9.
Last Wednesday afternoon at the r.onsof
the Trist Duplicate Whist Cluo our whisV ed
itor explained the management of trumps,
when to lead and when to cali for th*»m, and
how to echo 5, 4 or 3. with deals illurtrs.t!ng
the play. Next Wednesday at 4p.il he will
ex-, lain second-hand play. All lovers of wh-.st
are cordially invited to be present. The lec
tures are free.
The lead of the ten, from queen, jack, ten,
was suggested by Fisher Ames < ins- Practical
Guide to Whist (page 17) in IS9I. c. D. P.
Hamilton, the author of Modern Scientific
W.is;, over the pseudonym of W. H. 0., in the
third issue of WhUt in August, IS9I. pa^re 37,
advocated the same lead. ; Charles" s." Street in
Concise Whis- Up to Date (page 24), edition
published In 1593, also advocated the lead.
We cannot answer our correspondent and say
who was the first to suggest it.. Our little ex
perience convinces us th-re is nothing new in
whist that is good for much but hat has been
known for years by the student.
Cincinnati has at last-causht the whist
fever by the whist club , bearing the name of
the city applying for admission to the Ameri
can Whist League. McKinley s election did iv
Sar\ Francisco Should '^ -jJaVe the
Eighth Corvgress.
The American TV hist League should hold th«
eiKhth congress in San Franc sco. We have
every assurance if we could hole out any in
ducements In the way of reasonable transpor-
2 t s.iSir eouldwtih *". coii ' it - to
At the annual meeting of the Pacific Coast
Whist Association this matter should be
brought up and considered at least. Can we
Pacific Go&st Whist Association.
The execaUve committee of . : ,he Pacific
t oast W hUt Associauon met Friday afternoon
last at the office of President To-meV to i?I
for the third annual meeting of the wo^
cUUon. and aUo to arranir. a schedtsle of
t<«ts to take place at this meeting. Th.re wUI
be six sacral contest*. The tneetlacs win
take place tn the wow of «h« San Franci««
and Trist D«pii c<l ,* ci«b «^n Friday and Sau^
day. January 8 and 0, IS9:. Due notJc* will
be sent to all m dub* in the a**ocurt.» **
Mrs. J. E. Slinkey, will make her debut in
grand opera soon alter New Year's at Mi.an, ia
Italy. where »he is studying.
Mrs. B. V. Chirstinet of Sacramento is visit
ing her pjirents, Mr. and Mrs. M. Skelly.
Mrs. O. K. Formes hat, removed to 511 Leav
enworth street, between Geary and O'Farrell.
W. H. Barr and William G. Barr have re
turned to the City after an absence of four
months in Europe.
Mrs. Ma-k LasKy will be at horn» the second
Wednesday in ench nv>nth at 1629 Post street.
Mrs. Charles H. Baldwin of Newport, R. 1.,
will pa->s the winter here as the guest of her
son, Charles A. Baldwin.
Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker and Miss Alice
Rutherford arrived in New York City last
Tuesday.
Mrs. Louis B. Parrot t will receive on Fridays
at her residence. 1913 Franklin street.
Mrs. S. V. Mavnard and the Misses Eva, Lena
and Sullie Maynard will receive on Wednes
days at their residence, 2268 Franklin street.
Miss Katherine McGrew arr.ved from Hono
lulu last Thursday and is visiting Miss Lizaie
Carroll.
Mr-. Mountford S. Wilson will receive on
Tuesdays at her home, 711 Pine street.
Mr:.. Kichard T. Carroll and the Misses Lizzie
and Gertrude Carroll will receive on Thurs
dayi in December at their residence, 1520 Van
Ness avenue.
Mrs. Peter Donahue ana Mrs. E. Martin will
receive next Wednesday at their home, 2212
Pacific avenue.
Mrs. C. C. Butler and Miss Emma Butler are
Id New York City.
Miss Mary Eyre is passings couple of months
in New York City-
Mrs. William Irwin and Miss Emma Irwin
have returned from the East and are residing
at 24'Jd Green street.
J. Philip Smith Df Santa Cruz has returned
to Europe alter a brief visit here. He and his
family, who are now in Paris, will pass the
winter in Berlin.
Mrs. T. Z. Blakeman. Miss Leontine Blake
man and Miss Ethel Keeney arrived in New
York City last SundHy.
Mrs. W. P. Harrington and Miss Loni*e Har
rington came down from Coiusa las i Sunday
and are at the Palace Hotel.
Dr. and Mrs. E. S. Breyfogle are in Paris.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Henley Smith are in New
York City.
Prince and Princess Poniatowski have been
passing several days at the Hotel Rafael.
Mr. und Mrs. Edgar B Carroll have leased
Bella Vista Vilia ia Sauscluo, where they will
reside during the winter. They will receive
<^v the second and fourth Suudays ol,each
monih.
Mr. and Mrs. Abbott Kinney have left Santa
Monica and areat their villa near Sierr* Madre.
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Levison are visiting ia
New York City.
The MUses Irene and Hattie lay are visiting
friends in New York City.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. Coleman are in New
York City.
Mrs. George H. Powers has removed to 1409
Lv:aveuworth sireet, corner of Wnshingiou,
lormerly the residence of John H. Wise.
Adam Grant, H. O bi«arns and F. 8. High
of this City were visitors recently at the Hotel
Rafael.
Mrs. John Boggs and her son are at tbe Palace
Hotel, where they will reside duiiug the
winter.
Miss Phelar 1 , who has been in Pasadena for
some time, expects to pass ths winter in Loj
Anireies.
Mrs. L. L. Baker will receive next Thursday
at her residence, 1882 Washington street.
Mrs. Evan J. Coleman and Miss Gwiu will re
ceive next Friday at their residence, 1450 Bac
ramentostree r .
Mrs. A. M. Simpson returned from the East
lasi Monday.
Mrs. W. B. Wilshire has returned to Los
Angeles after an absence of a year in Europe.
Mrs. Bertody Wilder Stone will receive or
Wednesdays in November and January at her
home on the northeast corner of Clay aud
Laurel streets.
Mrs. Asa K. Wells is passing a few weeks at
Los Angeles and Coronado beach.
Judge and Mrs. John 11. Boalt have returned
from their trip to Europe and are at their
home in Oakland.
Mr. and Mrs. Eugene L. Koh'.berg will re
ceive their friends on Wednesday-, November
25 and December 2, at the Palace Hotel.
Mrs. \V. H. A. McNamara and Miss Agnes
McNamara have returned from adeligiitiul
Eastern trip and ere now at the Baltimore.
Rev. Dr. William L. Birch left San Francisco
on the Sunset limited on Tuesday evening.
i November 17. He will go to Philadelphia and
New York, and may v!3it Engianu and Paris,
and probably Constantinople. Dr. Birch waa
accompanied by his nephew aud niece, Dr.
and Mrs. T. T. French, who wee married a
month ago at Honolulu. Mrs. French is the
niece of Russe'l Wt;son of Sau Francisco. Dr.
j French has taken hi* M.D. at Harvard, and
i goes to Edinburgh to obtain <he Scotch degree.
Mr.*. A. C. Blester ot the Daily Report, ac
, companied by her daughter. Miss Margurito
I Hiester, left last Wednesday forTheNeed.es,
i Cal., where she will visit her laughter, Mrs.
t John Denair, wife of John Deaalr, supennten
; dent oi the A. and R. R. R.
Misj Esiella A. Srairh has returned home
after a two months' visi: to il:ss Ida lug and
Mks Will XTurphy of Sacrain
SEW 10-DAT.
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
MAGQIONI KID GLOVES.
Three
E2f1H588839£
1
Big Values
Are represented in to-day's
bargain announcement, These
goods at these prices show
how far a little money will go
when you buy at our store.
CLOVES.
. ■43X) pairs of the Swellest Ladies' Walk-
ing 'Glove in the market, with two
-large -clasps, in Black, Brown, Tan
Mode an i Red. at
SI. OO a Pair.
- These Gloves, while being offered by
us at $1 a pair, are good value at $1.50.
UNDERWEAR.
OX* Ladies'. Heary Cotton Ribbed Com-
bination S nits. '.They come in Silver
Gray, and are high neck and long
sleeves, ankle length, and button
across the chest, On sale at
. 50c a Suit.
Don't miss this. Nothing like it for
the price ever offered before-
Handkerchiefs.
100 boxes of Children's Initial Hand-
kerchieis, with pretty colored Borders
ana Initials. They come 3in a box at
30c a Box.
Call early, for ■ at this price they will
sell very* fast.
Exceptio-al Values in oar
RIBBON DEPARTMENT.
We offer this week another immense
Importation of th» latest colorings in
Moire Otabre, Changeable and Taffeta
' Ribbons at the rery Lowest Prices.
*« >r*li <m*s«*» r»«*lT« prompt attention.
/jjm^u^ c»t»«opi« mailed tree to any ad-
dr*s* ■*«■ *pjilc*Uoa.
NEWMAN & LEVIHSOH,
If.t, 197. 129. 131 Kearny Street.
.BJiA>CIISXOKH— 743 mmX 111 Market SIOne of the Social Events of the Past Week Was the Posf-Nuptial Reception Given Last Tuesday
Evening by Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Kyle at Their Home on OTarrell Street.
AT CORONADO.
Interesting Notes From the Popular
Southern Resort*
ONE of the pleasurable events of tne week
at Coronado was a driving party to La
Jolla, returning by Old Town and Ra-
mona's home. A picnic luncheon was spread
on the rocks, and the La Jolla caves explored.
The members of the party were Mrs. M. Esberg,
Miss Esberg, A. Esberg, Mrs. F. 8. Johnson,
Maurice Dorr, San Francisco; Mr. and Mr-. 0.
K. Culdwell, Chicago; Mrs. L. G. Merrill, Colo
rado; Mrs. W. P. McCormick, Idaho; Miss
Kirby, Coronado; Dr. Egbert, Massachusetts;
Alexis Bjornson, Hotel del Coronado.
Mr. and Mrs. Ralph S. Farwell of Chicago
left this week for San Franoisco after a pleas
ant sojourn at the Hotel Coronado.
Mrs. Parker Syms of Warren, Pa., has re
turned from a summer in the East, and again
taken up her residence at Hotel del Coronado.
Alfred Esberg of San Francisco, accompanied
by Mrs. M. Esberg and Miss Esbenr, spent a
lew days at the Hotel Coronado early in the
week.
W. B. Ainsworth, Redondo Beach, and party,
Including Mrs. J. C. Ainsworth and the Misses
Ainsworth, Portland. Or.; Mrs. A. F. Thomp
son, Pa.o Alto, Cal., and Miss Simmonds, Day
ton. Ohio, were recent visitors at Coronndo.
Mrs. Lucien Herrmann of San Francisco is
again with her daughter, Mrs. William Bur
ling aud family, at the Hotel Coronado.
Mr. and Mrs. E. Osborne Plunkett, Van
couver, B. C., has been staying at the popular
southern resort.
Judge Augustus J. Ricks of the United
Btates court, Cleveland, Ohio, with Mrs. Ricks
and Mist Ricks, are late Eastern arrivals at
Coronft'Jo.
Mr. p.nd Mrs. F. D. Bates of San Francisco are
guc-ts at the Hotel Coronado.
Mr. ami Mrs. P. H. Withington of Jackson,
Mich., were among the week's arrivals at
Corona'io.
B. E. Valentine and daughter are at Coro
nado from Brooklyn, N. Y.
Alex Just and A. J. Rowe of New York en
joyed some fine shooting on the bay during
-their recent star at the Hotel Coronado.
Ocorgn p. con't! of gan Francisco, who has
■been absent in Redlands a few days, has re
turned to the Hotel Coronado.
Charles H. Schlacks, assistant general man
ager of the Denver and Rio Gre.nde Railroad
Company, has been visiting Coronado, accom
panied by Mrs. Schlacks.
- Manager K. H. Wade of the Southern Cali
fornia Railway ana Mrs. Wade have b«en at
Coronado this week.
D. Burton and C. F. Mason were recent San
Francisco guests at the Hotel Coronado.
Mr^ F. S. Johnson and Miss ; urling. of. San
Francisco; Miss Kirby, Captain Marion P.
Maus and B. W. McKenzie, of Coronado. were
entertained at dinner at the Hotel Coronado
on Thursday evening by Edward M. Greenway
of San Francisco.
A sailing party down the bay in Captain
Dunn's yacnt Isabel afforded a pleasant after
noon to* a number of seafarers this week.
Those participating were: Mr. and Mrs. O. N.
Caldweli, Chicago; Morton 8. Parmelee, Miss
MarT E. Parmelee, Malone, N. V. ; General
Churchill. Miss Mary C. Pratt, Ohio; Mrs. L.
G. Merrill, Mrs. Austin Manitou and Alexis
Bjornson, Coronado.
Mr. and Mrs. L. F. Blake of San Francisco
■pent Sunday at Coronado.
■ ••■
MUSICALES.
Several of These Very Delightful
Affairs During the Past Week.
THE pupils of Mrs. Anna yon Meyerinck,
the well-known vocal teacher, gave a
very successful musicale at the Mercan
tile Library last Friday evening. The pro
gramme was a very interesting one, and was
exceedingly well rendered. Miss Grace Davis,
Miss Cecilia Decker, Miss Maude Fay, Miss Lon
Feldheim and J. P. Grodjens acquitted them
selves especially well. Among the very large
and fashionable audience were: Mr. and Mrs.
P. 6. Fay, Mrs. M. H. de Young, Mr. ana Mrs.
MRS. PHILIP ALSTON WILLIAMS, Who Gave the Most
Elaborate Tea of the Past "Week. -
W F Boston. W. C. Hadfeld, Mr. nnd Mrs. H.
LaW, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Mayer Jr., Miss
Th° r °McKenzie Musical Society gave their
third «oiree musicals and hop at Union-square
Hall on Wednesday evening. The hell was
crowded with a fashionable audience, who en
joyed the artistic rendition of the following
"Postman's March," first time (S. Maurice Si
mon) Simon's orchestra: "Di Provenza,'
"Traviata"(\"erdi\ Dr. Emt-st Schultzer; grand
finale and chorus, "Attila" (Verdi). Mrs. W.
Mnrgo Messrs. Charles F. Le Long, Charles W.
Betts McKenzie Musical Society; soprano
solo Miss Etta La Chappelle; "Only a Year
Ago" (Tosti), John C. Braid; "Holy City"
( \daras), Mrs. J. leo, McKenzie Musical Society ;
grand ohorus, "Cheerfulness," arranged by
J. W. McKenzie from Gumbert's celebrated
waltz. Mi'Keuzie Musical Society; "The Star
That Leads to Thee 1 ' (Berg). Mr. Charles F. Le
Long; "In Sunny Spain" (Schleiffarth), Miss
Minnie Powell; comic selection. Sheriff Rich
ard I. Whelan; "Prayer" and chorus from
"Cava'leria Rus'.icaua" (Mascagni), arranged
by J. W. McKi-nzi". Miss Minnie Schultzberg
and McKenzie Musical Society, Sterling harp
accompaniment; "Dancing Over the Waves"
(White), McKenzie Musical Society, accom
panied by Mrs. G. H. Alden and Senor Mojica,
F. Plise ana S. Simon.
♦
IN THE FUTURE.
Fashionable Organizations An
nounce Entertainments*
RIKCON Tarlor No. 72, Native Sons of the
Golden West, have appointed the follow
in«r committee to take charge of their
eleventh anniveri>ay ball, which will take
place at Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason street,
on Thanksgiving eve, Wednesday evening,
November 25: I. K. Hagenkamp (chairman 1 ),
John Hannan, Thomas H. Vivian, John P. ;
Donovan, J. J. Handley, H. Heuschen, W. F. j
Drummage and A. N. Racouillat. The com
mittee have issued invitations tmd will spare
no expense in mating this ball the social
event of the season.
A musicale and social dance will be given on
Thanksgiving eve by Mr. and Mrs. J. E. I
Slinkey at their hotel, 501 Geary strett
branch of the El Monte, Sausa.ito.
The St. Albans Gleaners will give an enter
tainment and dance In Social Hall, Foresters'
building, 102 O'Farrell street, next Friday
evening.
A unique anJ brilliant entertainment and
dance ia promised by the Independence Social
Club for its next party, on Friday evening. De
cember 11, at Mozart Hall, 1353 Market street.
On that occasion a strongdetaenment of Troop
I, I'nited Slates Cavalry, comprising members
and frienasjof the ciub,"are expected to appear
in a very interesting saber drill, while a fenc
ing bout and other pleasiug exercises will en
liven the programme.
A grand concert and ball will be given at
Union-square Hall ou Thursday eveuing, De
cember 3, by the Mozart orchestra, the Maiulo
linata Club under the direction of Professors
Francis and Merki, assisted by excellent musi
cal talent.
Mission Council No. 3, Young Men's Insti
tute, have issued invitations for an entertain
ment and social at Mission Parlor Hall,
Thanksgiving eve. November 25.
The Consolidated Field Music, Fife and
Drum Corps, First Regiment Infantry, N. G. C,
have issued invitations for their first grand
bail, at the armory, cornor of Pas;e and Gough
streets, on Tuesday evening, November 24.
The Mystics have issued invitations for their
next eyeninr-dress party, which will beheld
at Native Sons' Hall on Tuesday evening, De
cember 8. Invitations must be presented at
tbe door.
The Mission Literary and Social Club will
hold its next regular monthly entertainment
and dance at Union-square Hall on Wednesday
evening, December 2. t
The San Francisco Lithographers S. A. , No.
17, have issued invitations for their first an
niversary ball, to be ho.d at B'nai B'rilh Hall,
Saturday evening. December 5.
Rincob Parlor, No. 12, N. S. G. W., has is
sued invitations lor its eleventh anniversary
ball at Native Sons' Hali, Wednesday evening,
November 25.
A grand concert and social will be given by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896.
the Mozart Orchestra and the Mandolinita
Club at Union-square Hall on Thursday even
ing, December 3.
Independence Social Club will fdve an enter
tainment and dance at Mozart Hall, 1358 Mar
ket street, Friday evening, December 11.
M;-sion Council No. 3, Young Men's Insti
tute, has sent out cards for an entertainment
aud social at Mission Parlor Hall, Wednesday
evening, November 25.
The City Guard Club has issued invitations
for an entertainment and dance on Wednes
day evening, November 25, at the club's head
quarters, 1327 Market street
The independent Order Sons of Benjamin
has issued invitations for a Thanksgiving en
tertainment and social at Social Hall. Alcazar
building, Monday evening, November 23.
The members of the P. D. C. Club have sent
out invitations for the farewell party, season
oi'<H>,to be held at Odd Fellows' Hall, Tues
day evening, December 1.
The Juvenile class of Irvine's Academy will
give a Christmas exhibition, introducing
dances of all nations, at California Hall, 620
Bush street, on Tuesday evening, December 8.
The Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Associa
tion will give its second annual ball on
Wednesday ewning, November 23, at Pioneer
Hall, 24 Fourth street.
Extensive preparations are being made for a
benefit ball for the Stoek ton-street Synagogue
at Odd Fellows' Hall, Sunday evening, Decem
ber 6.
The Xavier Literary Club will tender a re
ception to Messrs. Lscy and Mahoney on New
Year's eve at Mission Opera Hall. These gen
tlemen have been elected to the Assembly
from the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-fourth
Assembly districts respectively.
TUOLUMNE REUNION.
Old Residents Celebrate With
Story and Song.
MANY of the former residents of Tuol
umne had a gathering and banquet at
the Ross House, Oakland, Saturday
evening, November 14. Short speeches, toasts,
etc., were in order. "Tuolumne and Her Re
sources" waa cleverly responded to by W. G.
Dinsmore, and Mr. Rutnerford replied to
"The absent ones who have joined the silent
majority."
Among those present were: C. B. Ruther
ford, W. G. Dinimore, D. Seweli, L. L. Nelson.
AlbeM Mick, J. Krytscr, J. A. Tompson. W. B.
Goodwin, T. Smith, V. R. Raymond, T. Ma
honey, A. Stair, Captain W. Kle'teher. Dr. B. F.
Edwards, K. W. Mn-sten, J. L. Homer.
The following officers were elected for the
year: C. B. Ruiherford, president; W. G.
Diusmore, vice-president; D. Sewell, secretary;
L. L. Nelson, treasurer. The next gathering
and banquet will be held in this City next
year.
THE B'NE B'BITH.
A Flan to Place tbe Organization on a
Sound Financial Basis for the
Future.
For some time past the Independent Or
der of B'ne B'ritb has been struggling
with the problem "What must be done to
maintain the order on a firm financial
basis to enable it to meet its obligations
faithfully and promptly?"
The matter was referred to an endow
ment committee that in time presented a
plan which was so unsatisfactory that all
tbe local lodges appointed memoers to a
committee to prepare another plan, which
will be submitted at the session of Jne
District Grand Lodge that is to meet next
January. The plan which has been pre
sented is as follows:
First— lt Is the sense of this committee that
no plan reducing or -caliug the endowment of
$2000 after paying the rate required be enter
tained or favorably considered.
Second — That we are opposed to complete
optional endowment, but favor the present ex
isting law in relation thereto.
TlnrcJ— Tnat full rate of endowment of $2000
be maintained.
Fourth— That the management of the en
dowment fund shall remain in the hands of
the M. W. District Grand Lodge.
Fifth— That graduated sraie of rates be
charged, according lo age, and said rate to be
tne permanent raie.
(sixth— That we recommend the adoption of
the following schedule of rales for an endow
ment of $2000:
18 to 21, inclusive »1 75
22 to *5. inclusive , 200
•26 to 30, Inclusive mtm •_ 30
31 to 35, Inclusive .- ...' "' 2 60
36 to 40, inclusive.. '..'.'.' 'i 8J
41 to 45, inclusive • ."" 3 00
46 to 50, Inclusive "„' . 3 25
61 and over [[[] 3 6 n
Seventh — That the reserve created by the
above rates be set aside by the M. W
District Grand Lodge, as a separate ana
distinct fund to be profitably invested, and
only to be drawn upon whenever the amount
collected will be insufficient to meet the pay
ment of endowment claims, to supply such
.deficiency.
Yearly income on basis of present member
ship under proposed rates, $83,607 62. In
presenting the recommendations and reuort to
you for your future action and support we be
lieve you will agree with us wheu we say that
we have accomplished a task which will be the
means of uniting ihe different discordant ele
ments into one harmonious whole by having
reached a satisfactory rate to be paid by the
membership at their respective ages for an
endowment of $2000, which is equitable fair
and just to the younger members, the middle
aged as well as the oider.
MODERN PAVEMENT.
Th« Merchant*' Association .Interested
in the ' Removal of the
Cobbles.
The Merchants' Association has called a
meeting of the property-owners upon the
following; cobble-paved blocks: Post street;
from Montgomery ;to Stockton; Geary
street, from Kearny to Powell, and Stock
ton street, from Market to Butter.':
The meeting will take '■ place in the as
sembly room (second floor) of the Mills
building next V\ ednesday afternoon at 3
o'clock, and its object is to devise the best
practical plan for securing the repavement
of those blocks with modern pavement.
; It is believed that as the association has
taken a strong interest in pavement re
form ' a system 'of ; improvement •in - the
downtown streets will begin with the
coming year. -
» * »
London has 100 policemen each over six
feet high. |ff%f?BSß3fflSl|BßHg_a__iM
FRUIT-GROWERS
AT THE CAPITOL
To Meet There December i
to Consider Their
Interests.
'Distribution" Will Afford a
Leading Subject Among
the Delegates.
A Large Variety of Topics—Repre
sentative Attendance Desired
From the State.
There are many problems that confront
the orchardists every year and they meet
in general convention every winter to
counsel over the difficulties they have to
encounter. The convention will be held
this year In the State Capitol at Sacra
mento, commencing on December land
continuing to the 4th, under the auspices
of the State Board of Horticulture.
At this session, among other matters of
great importance to the producers that
will be considered, are the marketing and
distribution of California fruits in the
East, the opening of new markets and the
feasibility of establishing stores in all
large cities. President Cooper, in the call
for the convention, says: "There is no
'apparent over-production of fruit,' but an
apparent under-production of effort on the
part of the producers to distribute their
fruits, therefore the great and all-absorb
ine question of distribution will claim the
attention of this convention, and all those
interested should not fail to attend."
The other subjects on the programme
are:
Should tree planting be encouraged or dis
couraged? ii t>o, what kinds, varieties, etc.;
how 10 Improve our orchards; should not un
profitable tret-'.s be worked over or cut out?
protecting orchards from frost ; review ol the
year's fruit shipments; the feasibility of estab
lishing a free public market in San Fraucisoo;
transportation and freight rates on green aid
dried fruit; marketing aried fruits abroad, and
advertising our fruit products in the Eastern
markets; processes and packages for transport-
Ing fruit; selection, grading aud care 01 fruit;
cultivating, fertilizers, irrigation and irri
! gating to develop size and quality of decidu
| ous fruits; pruning, thinning, gathering and
I grading fruit; insect pests, tree diseases and
j remedies therefor: parasitical and prei'.aeeous
Insects; budding and grafting (new processes
to be illustrated).
The convention will also consider Con
gressional legislation affecting the fruit
industry. P. B. Armstrong of the Hatca-
Armstrong Fruit and Nut Company of
Acampoand Senator B. F. Langford have
called a convention of almond-growers, to
meet also at Sacramento on December 1,
for the purpose of taking action on tbe
tariff so as to make me growing of
almonds fairly profitable.
Regarding this question Mr. Armstrong
say s : "'A high protective tariff on almonds
is an ab&oiute necessity to enable the
growers to live. TLe almond-growers
should formulate & basis on which to
make their claim. The almond-growers
are strong enough in this State to go be
fore Congress with their claim and secure
measures of relief.
The convention will be addressed by
many able speakers. President Ellwood
Cooper will present an address, reviewing
the work of the year in all the branches
of trade, etc., affectine the fruit industry,
and will have many recommendations to
make to correct existing evils. Senator
H. F. Langford will present the argument
on Congressional legislation; W. H.
Hammoii, forecast official of San Fran
cisco, will read a paper on "How to Pro
tect Orchards from Frost"; General N. P.
Chipman will address the convention on
the encouraging or discouraging of tree
planting; Leonard Coates of NHpa, on
marketing dried fruits abroad; William
B. Ge>ter of Newcastle* on transportation
and freight rates on green and dried fruit;
James E. Gordon of San Jose, on growing
prunes from a commercial standpoint;
Colonel Philo Hersey of San Jose, on co
operative unions; Professor S. M. Wood
bridge, a noted chemist of Los Angeles,
will ma'-e an address on the requirements
of the soil, to be illustrated. Other papers
on important subjects will be presented
by Mrs. Ellwood Cooper, Edward Berwick
of Monterev; Alexander Craw, the State
Quarantine Officer ; B. N. Rowley of tbe
California Fruit Grower, W. Egbert Smith
of Napa, C. J. Berry of VLtalia, Edward
F. Adams of Wrights, Alfred M. Lynes of
Santa Barbara, B. F. Walton of Yuba
City, C. F. Loop of Pomona, and others.
New methods of budding the olive and
walnut will be illustrated by B. M. Le
long, secretary of the State Board of
Horticulture. By tne new method dis
covered a tree is at once transformed into
another sort of from six to twelve inches
high or more.
From the numerous letters received the
attendance from throughout the State
will be quite large, and fruit-growera
should make an effort to attend, as mat
ters of great importance to their business
will be acted upon.
The Chamber of Commerce at its last
meeting appointed a committee, consisr.
ing of K. D. Stephens, J. A. Woodson and
J. O. Coleman, on reception and enter
tainment. Frank H. Buck of Vacaville is
chairman of the committee on pro
gramme, and it is safe to say that a rare
tr at await--, those who attend.
— GYP- TO-DAY. .
Tea"
SAMPLE FREE
1 5c to 25c SAVED
On I.;i<li Pound You Buy
DIRECT AT OUR STORES
WE RUN 100 STORES, THAT'S WHY
■ —WE- -
BUY CHEAPER, SELL CHEAPER
-YOU SAVE— —
Peddlers', TV f% .
r n ;r Fronts
Middlemen's * IVlllU
TEST THIS STATEMENT
14 v Calling at any : of our stores i and
. getting a , . .
SAMPLE OF TEA FREE!
We K-'p Every Kind of Ira That Grow*.
HASDSOME PRESENTS GIVES.
Great Aioericanlniportiii Tea Ga
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1*44 Market st. •: (46 Ninth st.
agio Mission st> 318 ihird st.
140 Sixth st. 3008 Fillmore st.
617 Kearny st. ,• . 965 Market st. •' ■
1419 Polk St. . 3006 Sixteenth st.
■ai Montgomery ten, 104 Second at. /
t»3 Hayes St.: 3285 Mission st.
ga Market st. (Headquarters), S. P. -
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st. , ':'-
-131 Ban Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oaklaat
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS^ w^_-^^~-^^^_-^.--_~^.
EXCEPTIONAL INDUCEMENTS
TO MAKE ROOM FOR
■ ■ n. ■ -* ■ ' ■ * ■ ■ ■ '' ■-I__ __ ■ * ' ■ ■ •■■....•
OUR COLOSSAL HOLIDAY STOCK !
In anticipation of the era of prosperity now dawning we made unusu-
ally vast preparations for the coming Holiday season, buying A STOCK
OF SPECIAL HOLIDAY GOODS that will crowd every department to its
utmost capacity, consequently OUR PRESENT STOCK MUST BE RE-
DUCED VERY MATERIALLY BEFORE DECEMBER 1, when our Holiday
Sale commences, hence we will devote the few intervening days to a Special
Sale of the following and numberless other lines of seasonable goods
AT FORCIBLY ATTRACTIVE PRICES.
COLORED DRESS GOODS. BLACK DRESS GOODS.
M nr. -142 pieces 40- INCH WOOL DRESS GOODS, rough .1 971-— 1 case 39-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH MOHAIRS,
lib -Ob effects, former price 50c, on special sale at 2sc a yard. ill 01 20 in a variety of designs, extra good value for 50c,
' .' '■ will be sold at 37% c a yard. ■
•■;-.-. '.■■'■■■■■■ • " . ■ ':■:'■, \ '".'■.''■*.- -. .
M'.-'QC-— 87 pieces 38-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY HAIR-
O'JG LINE STRIPES, in bright and medium colorings, ■ , _, , ._ .„__. ATT _,„„_ _,««_ „-«--.„ „_ „_
■ former price 50c, on special sale at 35c a yard. If KA«-1 case 47-INCH ALL PURE WOOL STORM SERGE,
.-•.-.*, ill O\Jv worth toe, will be sold at 50c a yard.
Mr A»— pieces 40-INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL SCOTCH . . ■ . ,
OVKj CHEVIOTIN^ SUITING in all the latest designs, .1 -lease 50-INCH FINE FRENCH CREPONS worth
former price 75c, on special sale at 50c a yard. At /dC $1 25, will be sold at 75c a yard. ' worm
Mnr—s4 pieces 46-INCH ALL-WOOL ENGLISH TWINE
• I O\J SUITING, raised effects, former price $125, on li *| A A— l case 46-INCH ENGLISH MOHAIR CURL
special sale at 75c a yard. , ill «pi. extra good value for $1 50, will be sold at a yard.'
SILK DEPARTMENT.
. A-f '! QA«— 3O pieces COLORED CREPON SIIK, evening shadss, regular price 75c, on special
. xx l) DUO sale at 30c a yard.
Mj; A/,- 40 pieces OMBRE SILK PLUSH, 18 inches wide, rich shadings, regular price $175,
_xt \J{j on special sale at 50c a yard. . ■,/:•. - ,
A+ XXn— Pieces BLACK BROCADED GROS-GRAIN SILK, medium designs, regular price
At OO\j 75c, on special sale at 55c a yard. . .
A+ 7K/»— 70 pieces CHANGEABLE TAFFETA SILK, in all the latest combinations, extra.
At I O\j quality, regular price 90c, on special sale at 75c a yard.
Af Q1 HO" 100 Pieces COLORED SILK VELVETS, light and dark shades, resular price $1 25,
.— VI) $±.Ul/ on special sale at $1 a yard. .. . : .
LACE DEPARTMENT MEN'S FURNISHINGS. I HOSIERY. HOSIERY.
* i^tsß^s At se ipspp At v^sgj^sm
lor fancy work, at half price . and in neat designs of fast color flue anu aouDie plain ana
reduced to r>y 2 c, 15c, 20c pnnts, regular price $1 20 dozen. $4 D ?er doJen on sneciaT sala
and 25c per yard. ' on special sale at 5c each. » 25c a pair!
MXA A — 125 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' -
OWC UNLAUNDRIED WHITE If qqt^-LADIES' 4-THREAD BLACK
VPII IMfi f VFII INfi ! SHIRTS, made of UticaNon- ill OdijG MACO COTTON HOSE, high-
VUILIIXVJi VCIUHU. pareil cloth, with re-enforced spliced heels, double soles and
fine linen inserted bosoms, toes, Hermsdorf black worth
BRUSSELS AND TUXEDO ;■■/,. m * a ? 1 d übl ? ba C^ •••' 60c, on special sale at 3 pairs
dI)C NET CHENILLK DOTTED worth 90c, on special sale at 50c for $L
■ . BORDERED VEILS, regular eacn - _, .. ■ _ ■ ttTT"
price *1, on special sale at 50c If 101.-96 dozen MEN'S FULL-FIN- At 33qft""^ivi7iT rr/Sw 9F RIBBED
each. At I_J26 ISHED HEAVY MERINO 3 ° WOOL HOSE, double heels
______ SOCKS, in undyed sanitary and toes fast black worth
. .. . — colors, good value for 25c, on • Oc - on special sale at 3 pairs
HANDKERCHIEFS. . H special sale at 12Kca pair. Ior?L ___;
M7FT.-T6 dozen MEN'S UNDYED »l A n-LADIES' IMPORTED CAS R-
M*- ■«. n»nn 1-Miu.v vvhi.k SANITARY WOOL UNDER- ill <>VC MERE WOOL HOSE, high-
I;>C~HTATIOPFn^IBROIT)F^Pn SHIRTS AND DRAWERS, spliced heels, double soles and
SHfVr li\V\ HANDKKR warranted shrunk, regular* toes, black and natural gray
CHIEFS, rfgular vlu,e £pS P rice » l *on B ? ecial sale at Wor^ h ™°> on s P ecial •>• & 50c
dozen, on special Bale at 15c 75c __ • a V "______
each. Ii At A A— sB dozen MEN'S AUSTRA- - - ■' • — ~
, t «i-ao «o,—, Laiheb. wh ITE ill * lM LI AN LAMBS-W OOL AND RIBBONS. RIBBONS.
Al £«)u SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED Z, UNDERSHIRTS AND ■" I^ IDOVI^ S * KloDUlMi*.
_OU' SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED . UNDERSHIRTS AND — —
£ H r£ E ™ LA N HANDKER- DRAWERS, warranted thor- If OK^-3^- INCH ALL-SILK TAF.
CHIEFS, regular value $6 per oughly shrunk, regular value HI dtlC FETA MOIRE RIBBON in
dozen, on sale at 25c each. or $1 50, on special sale at $1 shaded effects, value 45c,' on
- - each. special sale at 35c
LADIES' KID GLOVES! ostr.ch fb^br collar- ||||||||§; vm _
MSQp-^ttcc^ittl;^^^ i UN " BLACK REAL OSTRICH FEATHER BRELLAS.
OVli DRESSED KID GLOVES, large COLLARETTES, 18 inches, ribbon —
butto is, colors mode, tan, slate tie nne9t grade, at $2. $2 50, $3, $3 50, 11 */» AA"LADIES'MACK:iNTn<;pn?q
and brown, all sizes, regular « 4 $450 $0 sr $7 «so paeti At. Jkn fill • J v jUAIjli - 1 »- l «olll!,8
price $1, on special sale at 59c a X H 00, $5, $6, $7 50 each. iII^U.VV in double textures, in navy
T\Qir . and black, two capes, value
pair - TUBULAR BRAID SETS. *8 50, on special sale at $6.
MrAfl— 102 dozen 4-BUTTON KID — - : ~:\ —
eIJC GLOVES, large buttons, darK BLACK AND COLORED - TUBULAR •{. 61 r LADIES'. SILK GLORIA-
and medium tan shades, sizes . BRAID SETS, in straight, chain and ill $ltt)V UMBRELLAS, with natural
6, /i l and' 6>^, regular price $1, Hussar shapes, all in the latest designs handles, steel rods, will be
on special sale at 59c a pair. and at lowest prices. -. offered at sl so each.
A , SPECIAL SPOT-CASH SPECIAL/LINEN
■ fBBt PURCHASE Best Valu — ,
udJJub dllU. UUUJiulb! B-~SAOHEI^. TABLE DAMASK, S7 t c
S^S€^^^^^t^ AT LADIES' PLUSH CAPE, hand- BLE r^9o H^ D^ ". J™ A > GRADE •„
4 t Wy#Py/?li4^ W?£l ■ somely beaded, lined with silk, TABLE .DAMASK, very durable, rr»
_^Ptl/^M/IP^C- W&Sr • QX Aft Slorm collar cd B ed with Thibet on special sale at, per yard O'JKj
J£ZMI/£tf/j!fjlalhx!k VE^ tsO,\J\) fur, worth $8 50, special sale .
■•■:■■■■■■■- ■- . '- -■■-■" '" price $5 each. % ALL-LINEN DINNER NAP-
• '— — KINS, 21 inches square, the ;■-• -
__fc___i-.' : ' " AT LADIES'; BO UCLECLOTH $1 50 kind, on special sale at « %] AA
I mi in Al JjADI&d JB O U KjLiiS CLOTH ,>or,i«7on Al IMI
1 _fs^lM M JACKET, colors black and per dozen «j'i.vv
S*9gBtfljp <8Q OX navy, worth $6 50, special sale
'*TW^\ift tjd'OO price $3 95 each. ' EXTRA HEAVY BLEACHED
W9 ? $2 25 grade, on special sale at, <t| O"r
><g?3£^f!i^iiiii[9^b DC PI 11 1 D HDP AIM hemstitched DINNER SETS,
■ '■ B^jKpW^MMßJf^j^^P ■ .-■' XlNr LUNCH SETS (cloth and 1 dozen
I J&j!&Xsßl!r^ " j^*^| L T J JL" , i/^*"> ' . -M yards long, per set $3.00
.- . "^ "^ mun^ — 3 yards long, per set $3.50
1 4PlllilrJP«il aT Special offering to close out 78 EXTRA SPECIAL— Aoout 100 doz^n
_©j_»«jS^?«^ CLOTH SUITS. BOX JACK- FINEST GRADE DAMASK
Jm I ; r ; vW-V\-vt <BJQ QX ETS and LINED SKIRTS— TOWELS, broken lots, that were
• —^KtKEW \M\'\ Vv\A l ' *jpO.t/t> manufacturer's cost $6 70; spe- , $9 to $12 a dozen, on clearance rA.
• , JKfltf J-iiißU II'UJ :•■ , cial sale prke $3 95. : ,V sale at, each......;.;..;.:..-....:. OvC
-VUF-ls.- WJurphy Building, / ; ir^J^iwiurphy Building, / ml/ Wurphy Building, 4 y
Market ■ and Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets. • ' Market ad Jones Streets. '
1920
SUNDAY NOVEMBER 22, 1896
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-PosUgre Free:
Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. 90.10
Pally and 6unday Call, one year, by mail. . . . 6.00
Pally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Pally and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
Pally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
fcundajr Call, ono year, by mall 1-60
V tkKLy Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE :
~10 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:80 o'clock.
713 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
feW . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
en til 9 o'clock.
i! 618 Mission street; open nntll 9 o'clock.
116 Aiuih street; open until 9 o'clock.
4 Market street, open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Boom* Si and 32, 34 Fark Kcnv, New York City.
PAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Make your plans for Thanksgiving.
Don't forget that charity is in season.
Everybody ought to have turkey this
year.
This will be a busy week for house
keepers.
Spread your Thanksgiving table with
California delicacies.
This week the Popocrats may lay aside
thrtir crow — Uncle Sam has turkey enough
for all.
It will be a genuine National Thanksgiv
ing this time, and all the people will have
reason lor rejoicing in it.
Senatorial fight 3in some of the States
are beginning to get hot enough to be
luminous all over the country.
Sound-money Democrats in the East are
said to be making their organizations per
manent, but for what purpose it would be
hard to guess.
It is asserted by a critic that if it were
not for the Hebrews orchestral concerts in
.New York would perish utterly, but the
Xcritic lives in Boston.
The newspaper which goes into the
home and is read by the whole family is
the be?t paper in which to do your adver
tising for family trade.
It i 3 noted in tbe East that football
games this year have been remarkably
free from slugging. The country seems to
be improving in everything.
The Texas people are boasting they will
lead the Union in progress during the
decade, and it remains to be seen whether
■we will permit them to do it.
Philadelphia complains that her water
supply has too much coal in it to drink
and not enough to burn, and it would
seem it is not eren passable as firewater.
It is asserted by a New England paper
.that the girls of New York have quit
chewing gum. We re.ret to say it is
*.dded they have begun chewing tobacco.
It is said there is not a blade of grass left
in McKinley's lront yard, and it may be
sidded there won't De any grass left in the
streets of trade when he becomes Presi
dent.
In the general rejoicing of the time there
is only one official voice ont of tune. The
• Thanksgiving proclamation of Governor
Stone of Missouri was very low-spirited,
and didn't sound happy.
Illinois is boasting of the recent comple
tion of what she calls the finest prison for
women in the world and overlooks the
fact tnat she should be ashamed of having
to many women that need it.
Boston was attacked by one-half the
people because her Art Commissioners re
jected the "Dancing Bacchante" and is
now being attacked by the other half be
cause her library trustees show signs of
accepting it.
The people of Kansas do not regret
Bryan's defeat very mucn, but what
grinds them is the fact that the Mis
tourians are continually congratulating
tlu'm on having come over to tlie Mis
touri side of politics.
Harvard men are accused of conducting
their correspondence on crimson paper,
across the top of which, in letters of Yale
blue, are inscribed the words "To hell with
Yale," and thus does higher education im
prove the manners and refine the taste.
It is said some of the most cordial let
ters recently received by McKinley are
from men who declare they voted for
Bryan, but are convinced by the rapid re
vival of business that McKinley's elec
tion was essential to the welfare of the
country.
The people of Berlin, who have just
closed an exhibit of the artistic and indus
trial productions of that city alone, are re
ceiving the congratulations of all Europe.
It is said no city in the world, except
Paris, could rival the exhibit, and it is
doubtful if even Paris could equal it.
Boston has been a little bit disturbed by
the discovery that in her most aristocratic
ward, where the residents boast of a
superior intelligence and the highest
brand of citizenship, there were the largest
number of errors in voting and the great
est carelessness in counting the vote.
It is singular bow cheerful and con
tented the whole country has become
since the election. Every city we hava
heard from is so well satisfied with the
bloom and the beauty of its own chrysan
themum chow that it does not envy the
chrysanthemum Bhow of any other town,
Attention is called to the curious fact
that our law makes no provision for noti
fying a President-elect of his election.
Even after the electoral vote has been
counted Congress sends no official notice
of the result to the successful candidate.
He has to get his information from the
newspapers and rely on it.
Away over in Budapest Is a critic who
proposes a sure means of deciding whether
Shakespeare or Bacon wrote "King Lear."
The play was recently presented in that
city, and the critic says if the tombs of
the two rivals be opened it can be deter
mined who wrote the work by seeing
which one turned over in his grave.
THANKSGIVING WEEK.
During this week the minds of the
people of the United States will be mainly
directed to thoughts of thanksgiving and
charity. These thoughts will be more
cheerful than were those of any similar
season for several years past. We have
gone through a long period of disaster and
have confronted a grave National danger,
but now the skies are clear and prospects
are bright, and as a consequence our feast
ing on Thursday will be accompanied with
genuine rejoicing and thankfulness.
A thousand evidences bear witness to
the fact that the period of hard times is
over and a new period of prosperity has
begun. It is, of couise, well understood
that we cannot return at one bound to the
full height of an abundant prosperity that
will assure work and wages for ail and
carry comfort and gladness to every house
hold, but enough has already been accom
plished in the way of reviving industry to
give us reason for hoping that such pros
perity is not far distant.
Enough of the effect of the hard times
remains to make it incumbent upon us to
remember to provide this week for charity
as well as thanksgiving. In a land so
abundantly blessed as ours every home
should have its share in the great Na
tional feast. If all who are well to do con
tribute but a little none would have to
give much in order that the poor should
have plenty. A remembrance of this
should have a place to-day in the minds
of all who are thinking of the preparations
for the coming feast, and they should re
solve to assist in the task of making it a
day of rejoicing in every household in
the State.
There are certainly brighter days and
better conditions in store for toe people of
California. No State in all this much
favored Republic has fairer prospects than
ours and no people a more certain assur
ance that their fields will bs blessed
with fruiifulness and the work of their
hands rewarded with profit Here then,
if anywhere, should tte day be celebrated
fervently and universally. It should be
with us a day of complete rejoicing ana
thankfulness, and rich and poor alike
should have a share in both its solemn and
its festal observances.
On a day set apart to commemorate the
welfare of our industries it would be ap
propriate to spread the least as far as pos
sible from the products of our own soiU
In ihe rich variety of her produce Califor
nia furnishes us with everything of deli
cacy best fitted to suit each particular
taste and even the most dainty palates
could ba satisfied at a banquet whose every
viand was gathered from the hills or val
leys of this profuse land.
The prosperity that is promised us is
not to come as a free gift. It is dependent
upon our energies and the right use of our
advantages. We must make our indus
tries known if we would aerive the fullest
profit from them, and moreover we must
support them ourselves if we would have
others esteem them. Let us, therefore,
celebrate our Thanksgiving day as far as
possible by promotine those home indus
tries whose approaching prosperity is the
cause of our rejoicing.
LAW AND HYPNOTISM.
A recent case in Georgia affords a curi
j ous study in connection with the problems
| of hypnotism and moral responsibility. A
1 man named Osbourne was hypnotized on
the stage and made to believe that he was
a dog. He barked and bit a man's hat to
pieces A lawsuit resulted and the Georgia
justice decided that the guilt lay with the
hypnotizer and made him pay lor the hat.
A few days later Obbourne committed a
murder. He acted as if insane and re
peatedly declared that a dog had his soul.
He appeared to have the idea that he must
i kill the dog to get back his soul, md then
j all would be weil again. Does the guilt of
: tnat murder, like the tearing up of the
, hat, also lie with the hypnotizer? That
' is the problem with which Georgia law
I has now to grapple.
The courts of the near future will have
to adopt some definite policy in dealing
with pleas of insanity, kleptomania and
hypnotism as excuses for crime. When
it becomes as common to claim impunitj*
by sotting up the excuse of hyDimtic sug
gestion as it is now to plead insanity per
haps juries will find their task such a
puzzling one that they might as well cast
lots for a decision. If men could have
faith that in such a method of reaching a
verdict, "The lot is cast into the lap, but
the whole disposing thereof is of the
Lord," it Teould be a vast relief.
Aa th« public becomes more and more
familiar with kleptomania aud hypnotism
as undoubted facts of life, tnen more and
more will real criminals seek to prove that
they are only victims of these strangely
permitted evil influences. In many cases
the fraud will be too transparent to cheat
Justice, but there will also be many in
which there will seem so much danger of
the condemnation of the innocent that
the mind would hesitate to risk a verdict
of guilty.
Great as will be the difficulties of the
courts in declaring whether the caught
perpetrator of a wrong is a criminal or
victim, they will be mere trifles in com
parison with the difficulties of the catch
ing and conviction of the true wrongdoer
in a real case of criminal suggestion being
obeyed by a guiltless tool. When we learn
how pliant the hypnotic subject is in the
hands of his master, it is appalling to
think of the immense power to do evil
and escape punishment which this skill,
coupled with a wicked heart, puta within
the reach of the hypnotist.
The claim is sometimes made that a
person of good morals cannot, while un
der the influence of hypnotism, be made
to do an immoral act. This is hard to be
lieve when we know that sensible people
cao be made to do the most ridiculous
things while hypnotized. The whole sub
ject is ir volved in intellectual darkness,
and we ftfca only trust that a fuller knowl
edge of ih« problems involved will furnish
the ligtu by which to solve them.
A CONFIRMED PESSIMIST.
Henry Watterson has clearly become a
j confirmed pessimist. The ardor with
I which he worshiped the star-eyed god-
I dess of reform a few years ago has given
way to a gioomy despondency, and the
tenor o* all bis written and spoken vrords
in these days is like that of a new Jere-'
miah prophesying woe to the country.
The caange in the man has bgen some
thing remarkable. It is not long ago that
he was one of the most cheerful of our
optimists. It was a pleasure to read his
words even in his most excited moods, for
in the verve and vigor with which he de
nounced bis enemies there was always an
element of sanguine hopefuines3 in the
triumph of good, which delighted even
those who differed from him. To-day he
seems to be as sullen and as hopeless as
any Diogeneß, and there is no longer any
comfort in him even for his friends.
In bis latest declaration concerning the
political and social condition of the coun
try, he expresses no hope for the welfare
of the people. The Republican policy of
protection, he declares, "is at war with
the genius of American institutions."
Populism he describes as "the gorgon of
agrarianism." Democracy he sees to be
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896.
hopelessly divided and demoralized. No
where can he find any party capable of
saving the country from the ruin which to
his mind seems imminent.
Mr. 'Watterson says that if the manu
facturers of the country could be induced
to discard protection, they would be able
to unite conservative men of all parties to
rescue the people from monarchisra.
"But," he adds, "with McKinley in the
Presidency this seems impossible, and I
confess 1 dread to thinfc of the attempt to
which he is committed of bringing back
the McKinley duties."
All this is like the sound of a voice cry
ing in the wilderness denouncing woe
upon the people unless they repent, but
not offering them any guidance to lead
tftem to repentance. Watterson believes
the wealth of the East is to become as
dangerous to the country as was slavery
in the South, but sees no way by which to
lead the Eastern plutocrats to abandon
their pursuit of wealth any more than the
Southern slaveholders could be induced
to abandon the attempt to maintain
slavery.
When asked to give some advice to the
Democratic party concerning what it
should do in tbe immediate future, Mr.
Watterson would only cay: "What I
would advise it to do and what it is likely
to do are different matters. Perhaps it
could not dq anything better by way of a
starter than to appoint the next Bth of
January as a day of fasting and prayer."
This piece of advice is perhaps the most
sensible thing that Mr. Wacterson has
said for a long time. It goes far to redeem
all the rest of his pessimism. We do not
share with him his doubts of the welfare
of the country. We do agree with him,
however, that the Democratic party is
sadly in need of a wholesome repentance,
and certainly nothintr could more potently
conduce to that end than for the parly, as
a whole, to celebrate the great Democratic
anniversary next January not by exulting
in the former triumphs of Andrew Jacfc
son, but by solemn fast of repentance and
regret that they have so far fallen away
from the Democracy he represented.
THE FAMILY NEWSPAPER
We are indebted to our courteous con
temporary the Wasp for a kindly and ap
preciative criticism of the position which
The Call occupies among the newspapers
of the City. The sum and substance of its
estimate is that The Call is recognized as
the conservative, respectable family news
paper, ana merits the recognition.
The estimate thus given is of the more
value because it comes from an expert in
journalism, one who has had long experi
ence in the profession aud has achieved in
it a distinguished success. The public
will, we believe, aeree with the statement
of the Wasp that The Call is the recog
nized family newspaper of the City, and
in this agreement we iind the assurance
that our efforts to maintain the high rec
ord of the paper have been successful.
In these days of sensational journalism,
when every form of fake seems permitted
by the public taste, it is no slight thing to
conduct a newspaper which i 3 at once
clean, conservative, entertaining and suc
cessful. This is what The Call aims to
do. It carries into every home the news
of the day fully and accurately reported,
but it carries there nothing which is cor
rupting or degrading. It is free from lot
tery advertisements and every form of
degenerate journalism. It is for that rea-
k son that it is welcome to the home, and
has wen the proud position of being the
recognized family journal of San Fran
cisco.
The Wasp goes on to point out the value
of such a newspaper to legitimate busi
ness. It says: ''Shrewd business men
would rather have their advertisements in
the journal read by 50,000 families than in
one with a circulation of 100,000 among the
floating population." The rapia increase
of advertising in The Call proves that the
business portion of the community appre
ciates this particular value of a family
newspaper. It is tbe paper which is read
in tho home whose advertising columns
are most carefully studied, and to the
comprehension of this fact by bnsiness
men is due much of the success Thb Call
has attained.
We are indebted to the Wasp for kindly
calling the attention of the public to these
facts. The oldest cartoon paper in colors
in the United States and one of the best
edited of our weeklies is certainly compe
tent to pass judgment upon its contempo
raries, and praise from such a source never
fails to be appreciated, not only by its re
cinient, but by the public generally.
TIME ENOUGH.
A citizen of Boston who has recently
visited New York, apparently for the first
time in some years, has written to the
Boston Herald that New York is no longer
the city of hurry and commotion that it
was in former years. The people have
become quieter in manners and less hasty
in action. He noted everywhere a great
difference between the conditions of to
day and what existed in former years.
"I went," said he, "into a restaurant at
the so-called busy hour. There were mer
chants and brokers in plenty, but the
waiters were not jogging them to make
way for others, and there was leisurely
eating. There was smoking at ease after
the well-cooked dishes had been con
sumed. There was no excited conversa
tion. In a word, there was peace."
It is scarcely necessary to say the Bos
tonian approved the new condition of
affairs. A resident of the city of culture
could hardly do otherwise. He must have
found New York in fact even Dleasanter
for him at the time than his own Boston,
for not only was there an absence of hurry
and commotion, but there was also an ab
sence of any disputation over the "Danc
ing Bacchante," and therefore, for the
time at least, New York is serener in her
business than is Boston in her culture.
It has been said by a wise man, "Tho
older I grow the more convinced I am
that there is an abundance of time."
Almost any man of mature years who
gives himself leisure enough to consider
life and its business will agree with that
man. There is time enough to attend to
everything without fretting ourselves if
we will only take it wisely and use it well.
It is related of the late Emory Storrs of
Chicago that on returning from a trip to
Europe he said: "The first month I was
in England I believed that country was a
hundred years behind America, because
everything was done so slowly and there
were so few facilities for the rapid trans
action of business; but after that time I
concluded that America was one hundred
years behind England, because we have
not yet learned how to do our work like
them without overtaxing our energies and
exhausting our vitality."
There is in this statement of Mr. Storrs
a lesson which the American people ought
to learn. The people of California in par
ticular would do well to profit by it. Ex
cessive hurry is not a sign of the highest
civilization. It is not even an evidence of
the best performance of the greatest
amount of work. It is only a proof that
the overhurried individual has not yet
learned that there is time enough for all
things.
In California the climate at all seasons
enables man to wort with comfort both
indoors and out. This fact gives him even
more time for his labor than is enjoyed by
the peoDle of the East or of Europe. It
ought therefore to conduce to the per
formance of work without hurry and com
motfon. Unfortunately it »e«ms to have
had the contrary effect.
Nowhere is work rushed with such in
tense eagerness as here. The pace amounts
to a serious evil and should be counter
acted as far as possible. Tho3<j men there
fore who can afford to set an example to
their neighbors in this respect should do
so. Let them go about their work without
delay but also without hurry. Let them
give to their fellow-citizens a practical
illustration of the truth. "There is time
enough."
PERSONAL
W. H. Culmer of Salt Lake is here.
Theodore Barker of Astoria is at the Lick.
A. Ferguson of Helena, Mont., is in town.
! G. de Bougliss of Paris is again in the City.
Dr. W. N. Finney of Lincoln is at the Russ.
Dr. C. E. Fisher of Chicago is at the Palace.
J. T. A. Bawlby of Astoria is at the Occi
dental.
F. R. Coyne of Angels Camp is registered at
the Palace.
Congressman C. A. Barnaul of Santa Kosa is
in the City.
Senator A. N. Andrews of Pomona is on a
visit to the City.
J. F. Anderson of San Joie waa among yester
day's arrivals here.
J. W. Young of Salt Lake la among the ar
rivals at the Palace.
James A. Davidson of Alaska was among
yesterday's arrivals.
H. P. Whiteman, a business man of Boston,
Mass., is at the Grand.
C. a Churchill of Napa Is in the City, accom
panied by his family.
F. O. Downing, a bnsinesa man of Portland, j
arrived nere yesterday.
Robert F. Harrison, long Of the Morong o
mine, is at the Baldwin.
W. F. Wlllft of Carson, and editor of the Car
son Tribune, is at the Russ.
Mrs. Edward Madden of Sundown Hall, Eng
land, arrived here yesterday.
L. E. Austin of Helena, Mont., an old miner,
is at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
John McFadden, a business man of Santa
Ana, is among the arrivals here.
J. R. Garrett, a business man of Marysville,
Is at the Lick, accomoanlea by Mrs. Garrett.
A. E. Miller of Walla Walla, Wash., ia among
the latest arrivals at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Among the arrivals here is B. C. Kinesbury.
a business aud mining man of Spokane, Wash.
L. O. Eastman and L. J. Eastman and wife,
wealthy people of Le Mars, lowa, are at the
Grand.
F. K. Davidson, owner of a general store at
Tacoma, is here on a business trip and is at
the Russ.
Ex-Speaker J. C. Lynch of the State Legisla
ture has arrived here from his home in Cuca
mongo and is at the Baldwin.
George R. Stewart, a wealthy grain and cat
tie raiser of Crows Landing, is at the Grand,
, accompanied by Mrs. Stewart.
A. D. ReminKton, the Watertown (N. V.) pa
per manufacturer, formerly proprietor of the
Evening Post, is at the Palace.
L. A. Murreil, vineyardist of Fresno, accom
panied by his wife, is visiiing the City and
registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
M. H. Mestetter and Knowles Ferguson, of
Minneapolis, Minn., are taking in the sights of
the City and stopping at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
P. S. Yorke and William Hastli, who have
been mining for gold in Alaska for & year past,
were among the arrivals from the north yes
terday.
Superior Judge Bahrs. who has for some
time been confined to his home with pneumo
nia, is so far recovered that he hopes to resume
his place on the bench next Wednesday.
8. T. and S. J. Barton, early pioneers of the
Sierra Valley, who are extensively engaged in
rauchlng and cattie-raising, are at the Russ.
They are among the wealthiest men in that
part of the State.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. N. V., Nov. 21.-At the 8l
Clond, C. D. Wilhams; Stuart, F. P. Jacobs. B.
F. Never; Grand Union, H. C. Johnson; Metro
pole, G. W. Percy; Holland, J. W. Phillips, J.
Asch. Messr«. F. F. Burns and Thomas
Graham left the St. Cloud to sail on the Laco
sia for England. C. K. Mackey sailed on the
same ship.
THE FARMERS WERE TRUE.
New York Post.
What has become of that great farmer vote
that was going to turn the middle West, the
States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan,
Wisconsin, lowa and Minnesota— over to Bry
an? It happens that all of these great agricul
tural States have gone tremendously the other
way, and that whereas Indians, Illinois and
Wisconsin gave Democratic majorities in 1892
and the others gave small Republican majori
ties, they have flocked together this year with
surprising unanimity. The figures are more
eloquent than any comments, viz. :
1892. 1896.
Pluralities. Pluralities.
Rep. Dem. Rep. Dem.
Ohio 1,072 63,723
Indiana 6.382 aa,179
Illinois 26,993 144,131
Mlohiean 22,918 66,000
Wisconsin 6,470 100,000
lowa. 22 885 72,000
Minnesota 2^,167 86.000
Totals H9.112 89,845 482.033
Net Keonbllcan plurality, 1892, 29.3U7.
Net Republican gain in the middle West, 462,
-766.
Although the cities did their share in pro
ducing this mighty change it is nevertheless
plain lhatthe larmers were not touched to
any perceptible degree by the free-silver craze
or seduced by the promise that they should
pay their debts at 50 cents on the dollar.
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street *
CALiroßm a G lace Fruits make a nice present
50c lb in handsome basket Townsend's. •
Bakgains in holiday suits. See J. Edlin, the
Palace tailor, 617 Market street. •
Special Information daily to manufacturer*,
business Bouses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
She— They say that the *ood die young.
He— lt Isn't so. Yon are one of the most
thoroughly good persons I ever knew.
As she held the door open for him to pass
out he realized that his compliment had
fallen short by several degrees.— Cleveland
Leader.
Through Sleeping Cars to Chicago.
The Atlantic anrt Pacific Railroad, Banta Fe
route, will continue to ran daily through from
Oakland to Chicago Pullman palace drawing-room,
alao upholstered tourist sleeping-cars, leaving
every afternoon. lowest through rates to all
points in the United States, Canada, Mexico or
Europe. Excursions through Boston leave every
week. 8«n Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street, Chronicle building. Telephone main 1631
Oakland, ills Broadway.
— •—• — * — •
Phillips' Kock Island Excursions
"aye San Francisco every Wednesday, via Rio
Grande . and , Rook ; inland : Hallways, v Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. , Man
ager and : porters accompany these excursions to
Boston. For tickets, sleeping-car accommodation!
and further information, address Clinton Jones,
General Agent Hock; lsland Hallway, 80 Xont-
Komtry street, tan Franoiaoo.
Through Car to St. Paul and Minneapolis
An elegantly upholstered tonrlst-car leaves Oak
land every Tuesday evening at 7 o'clock for all
points In Montana, North Dakota and Minnesota.
No chance of cars. Dining-cars on all trains. Com*
and get our rate* If you expect to make a trip to
any Eastern point. T. K. B:at«ler, General Agent
Northern Pacific By. Co., 638 Market street, s. F.
Dk. Sibokbt's Angostura Bitters, the world
renowned Booth American appetiser and inyigo
rator, cures dyspepsia, diarrhea, fever and ague.
That time-honored preparation, Ayer's Cherry
Pectoral, Is still the medicine most In demand for
colds and coughs. It always cures.
If afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaao Thomp
son's Eye Water. Iruggistaaeu it at 35 cents.
BONANZA FOR
WOOL-GROWERS
Great Things Promised
for Them in Cali
fornia.
Valuable Expsriments Being
Conducted by the State
University.
Mutton Will Be Superior and Wool
Will Bring a Much Higher
Price.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 2L—Experi
ments in the breeding of a new kind of
sheep at the University of California agri
cultural experiment stations in Paso
Robles and Tulare are now being carried
on, which give great promise of com
pletely revolutionizing the mutton and
wool industry on the Pacific Coast. "This
new variety of sheep is the result of the
cross-breeding of the Persiau and merino.
Their wool aud meat are above the quality
of any yet produced in California/ 1 says
The New Kind of Sheep With Which the Berkeley Professors
Are Experimenting.
Director, Shinn of the experiment stations.
The first sample of wool recently brought
to San Francisco sold at an advance of 4
cents per pound on the usual price re
ceived. And as to the meat, it is hard,
tender and marbled to perfection.
In an interview to-day Director Shinn
gave the following to a Call correspond
ent for publication:
The University of California at two of
its experiment stations— at Tulare and
Paso Robles — is making some remarkable
experiments with crosses of Persian sheep,
and the results in the minds of practical
breeders promise to create several very
valuable industries, in which California
must take the lead. In plain English,
there is probably lots of money for pro
gressive sheepmen along these new lines.
The original pair of Persian sheep are
now at Paso Robles. The flock there—
full-bloods and crosses — now consists of
seven, and another flocu has been started
in Tulare station. A third flock will soon
be established at the station near Pomona.
The following notes from a union report
ol 1893 written by myself gives something
of the history of the importation :
One of tlie most promising of the re
cent acquisitions of the California experi
ment stations consists of a pair of the
famous broad-tailed sheep of the Orient.
The history of the importation is interest
ing. Hon. Truxton Beale of California,
a son of General Beale, was appointed
United States Minister to Persia. All
Californians know the famous Beale ranch
in the Tejon Pass, Kern County, one of
the historic landmarks of the Pacific
Coast, and especially attractive to breed
ers of fine she*p, cattle and horses. It
was natural that a member of the Beale
family in public life should attempt
to do somethine for the livestock
interests of bis own State. He obtained
for the United States Department of Agri
culture fifteen of the best specimens of ihe
pure-bJood sheep of Asia, called the As
trachan, though the latter name belongs
to a variety. The proper name of the
breed is the Baynzit broad-tailed sheep of
Kurdistan, Persia.
"Minister Beale wrote to California and
plac d the shipment in the hands of C. P.
Bailey of Sau Jose for distribution, and
the university obtained a pair of sheep,
which were sent to Paso Robles and placed
in chares of tne foreman there.
Mr. Bailey wrote under date of October
31, 1892, saying:
"The more I see of these sheep the bet
ter I am satisfied that they are really quite
an acquisition to California mutton-breed
ers. They are as 'tough' as mules. Not
one has died since they left Persia, and
seven out of eight of the ewes have had
lambs since they started, all of which are
alive and thriving. One lamb, sixty days
old, weighed fifty pounds, live weight.
One that was dropped here ten days ago
weighed thirteen pounds at one day old.
I believe that by crossing these bucks on
the common Merino sheep of California,
we will get as big lambs at three months
old as ordinary Merino lambs are at six
months old. I am arranging to try this
cross-breeding in Nevada."
The "broadtail" is the same breed of
sheep that General George Washington
received from Asia a century ago and that
was used by the Custis family to help
found the noted "Arlington longwools"
of Virginia. It is surprising that the breed
has not been used oftener as a cross. It is
the sheep mentioned in the Bible, and is
the only sheep illustrated on the ancient
monuments of xuedia, Persia and Assyria.
It is said that there is no better mutton
sheep in the world. The tail is chiefly a
mass of fat, weighing from 10 to 4o pounds.
Good sheep ready for the butcher ought
to average 90 to 100 pounds, besides tbe
fatty appendage. The largest are found in
the Ararat provinces of Kurdistan, where
sheep are often found dragging around
wooden-wheeled carts, which support
the tails. The more slender and beautiful
Bayazit breed is smaller, but the fleece is
finer. The soft skin of one variety of the
broad-tails is covered with a short, curly
flrece, the "Astrachan wool" used by the
Circassians.
The sheep as bred at the station show
three distin ct lines of development — some
are nearly white, some are reddish brown
and some are black or nearly bo. The
breed is not yet fixed. By crosses with
Cotswolds or Southdowns, superior mutton
of very early maturity is obtained, together
with a desirable wool. By crossing with
merinos a more profitable wool ia secured.
Both lines are well worth a breeder's
notice. If Astrachan is desired, the dark
colors should be developed and the light
colors weeded out; if high-grade wool is
wanted the contrary plan is necessary.
The bucks at the experiment station
are at the free service of all sheep-owners
who may send ewes there, simply paying
for the cost of the hay used, or sending
hay with them. A number of large sheep
owners in Ban Luis Obi«po, Monterey and
Tulare have gladly availed themselves of
these privileges, and one of these ranchers
lately sold seventeen fleeces from his half
breed o.erinos for 4 cents a pound more
than the ordinary market price. Half
breed bucks are being held at a very high
price, and indeed we know of few, or none,
for sale. All of the men who have this
stock are deeply interested, and believe
there is a great future before the half and
quurter strains, both on the wool and the
mutton sides. A wether was slaughtered
a few days ago at Paso Robles station, and
photographs and statistics obtained to
publish in a bulletin.
This animal was a cross between Per
sian and a three-quarter Southdown, and
showed a very hi h quality of mutton,
amply justifying further attention to this
line of work.
The agricultural department has been
told by many persons interested in sheep
breeding that the value of this stock to the
Monterey and San Luis Obispo districts
was undoubtedly much greater than "the
entire cost of several experimental sta
tions for a lifetime." Credit is, of course,
due to Minister Beale, Mr. Bailey and to
the General Government, as well as to the
university; but the rapidity with which
results have been reached at the experi
ment stations, and the fact that only here
can breeders obtain free use of these valu
able and beautiful animals to improve
their stock, justifies the higher praise to
the agricultural department of our State
institution.
FREE PUBLIC LIBRARY.
Statistics of Interest— New Books That
Have Recently Been Added.
Since the new elevator for the use of the
Free Public Library has been put in oper
ation there has been a marked increase in
the number of patrons. During the
montluof October there were issued from
| the main and branch libraries, five in
number, 28,805 volumes for home use and
for library use 15,093 volumes. The aver
aee daily delivery at the main library was
1145 volumes. The aggregate of volumes
in all the libraries is 89.663. One hundred
and eighty-three volumes have been added
recently, and many of these are most
valuable for students. Thy embrace
philosophy and religion, sociology, science
and useful arts, fine arts, literature, travel
and description, biography and history.
There are also some woris of fiction and
books for the young.
The library bulletin for the current
month has an index of articles on Christ
mas plays and poems for Christmas and a
lone list of references for the study of
United States history. This list has 118
references and it will be continued next
month.
LADY'S WAIST WITH BIAS SEAM-
LESS BACK AND FRONT FAST.
ENING IN CENTER FRONT.
A model peculiarly adapted to the artistic
making of striped materials, but equaily
cnarming in plain fabrio.=, Is this bias seamless
waist, and a skirt which may be cut with bias
seams so that stripes or plaids may be notched,
or with the side gore cut as usual with a
straight edge in front.
The skirt has a front gore, over side gore and
four back gores, which may be laid In box
pleats or gathered at the belt.
The waist has a fitted lining and sleeve
fitted almost to the armsize, with a puff at the
NEVADA BANK TAXES.
Paid Under Protest, and Now Demand
Is Made for the Money.
The Nevada Bank of San Francisco baa
sued the City and County of San Fran
cisco to secure a return of $20,613 06 taxes
on personal property paid under protest.
The total so paid by the bank was $28,
-403 25, of which amount only $7709 19 is
admitted to be due. aud a return of the
balance is demanded.
As a basis for its suit the Nevada Bank
alleges that although it was assessed on
?2.030,b18, the sum of $1,474,257 ought to
be deducted from the total, because the
$1,474,257 was actually on deposit with
different banking institutions outside of
the State of California, and was therefore
beyond the jurisdiction of the Assessor at
the time he made the levy.
Before the tax was paid the bank insti
tuted a suit to prevent the collection of
the assessment, in which proceeding they
faile d.
BACON-MINETTI CONCERT.
An Interest '.n^ Musical Event at the
Aaaoclatiou Auditorium Next Saturday.
An excellent programme has bean pre
pared for the Bacon-Minetti concert, which
takes place at the Association Auditorium
on the afternoon of the 28th inst.
These concerts have become quite an in
stitution among a large circle of Ban
Francisco music- lovers, and the success
which they are meeting with is well de
served.
Blew Out the Gas.
Patrick McNeil, a guest at the International
Hotel, blew out the gas in his room Friday
night and went to bed. About 7 o'clock yes
ter day morning he was found unconscious and
Bent to the Receiving Hospital, where he grad
ually recovered. McNeil is a stableman in
oaa" brief \£° c t0 thiS City Thursday night
VARIED AND PIQUANT.
vo.racten.tlo4 of the Sixth of the
fcloomfield-ZeUler Piano Recital*.
Mrs. Fannie Bioomfield-Zelsler's sixth
piano recital was given yesterday after
noon at the Metropolitan Temple. The
entertainment was hke preceding recitals
of the series in the matter of enthusiasm
and in the rendering of a miscellaneous
programme. Allot the wortc was clean
cut and musicianiy. a dash of Men
delssohn and another dash of Rubinstein
I gave piquancy to the whole. Then there
was also some of the quaint music from
Glnck's "Orpheus"— nothing particularly
difficult to execute, but requiring a refined
and sensitive mind for its interpretation.
The customary Beethoven sonale was Op'
10, No. 2. Take the Zeisler seues all
I through, enough sonatas by Beethoven
| have been interpreted to give n very fair
1 knowledge to a novice of the peculiarities
|of the noble old tone master. Mendels
i sohn's familiar "Spinning Song" was per
! formed with dash and delicacy, and
brought out again, as an encore piece, the
"Turkish March," which Mrs. Bioomfield-
Zeisler performs particularly well, and of
which she is evidently very lond.
It is announced that she will t>lay at
the Baldwin next Sunday night, and two
copcerlos are set down for performance.
This ought to show the broader side of her
culture, The event will be generally
awaited with interest and with an equal
decree of curiosity.
KEW TO-DAY.
LADIES'
KID GLOVES
Embroidered Backs,
4 Large Pearl Buttons, '
Complete Assortment
of Colors and Sizes.
They were imported
to sell at $1, but on __ «
account of our £ &%{^
having accepted the B <3$ %~#
agency of the
Columbia usual $1.50
quality, that we now
sell at $1.00, we offer
the Car I ton Glove,
j every pair warranted,
Dress Silks,
• Bargain Prices.
24 inches wide, Black
i Brocade Dress Silks, NOW
that have been -JJ""
75Cf _ 59c
BLACK BROCADE
I SILKS,
Satin grounds, large J[(|^ J^J
designs and stripes, -«,
20 inches wide, 7£[
usual $1.25 grade, M 9(/
JUST OPENED!
NOVELTY NECKWEAR,
NOVELTY RIBBONS,
NOVELTY FANS,
NOVELTY PURSES.
107-109 POST STREET
— -AND- — .
I 220-1 222- I 224 MARKET ST.
Prepare for
Thanksgiving
By procuring a Bet of our CELE-
BRATED' CARVERS, ranging
in price from $4 to $18 per set.
Russell's Bnekhorn Handles, per pair 81 00
Russell's Ebony Handle Knife, Fork and
■.: Steel, per 8et.:;. ....:... ......4..... 175
Russell's Bone Handle Knife, Fork and
Steel, per set .;..... ............. ... 2 '»5
Kussell's Extra Quality Buckhorn Handle
Knife, ForK and Steel, per 5et....... ...... 3 50
We carry the Largest and Best Selection
of Cutlery west of the Kooky
Mountains.
OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL 9 O'CLOCK.
NOTE-RAZORS and SHE Alls Ground
by killed mechanics a specialty. .
818-820 MARKET ST.
FINE TAILORING
PERFECT Fit, BEST OF
"1 WORKMANSHIP, •
tFiNE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP,
AT MODERATE PRICES, 60 TO
JOE POHEIM
The Tailor.
All Wool Suits to *«r .
Order from $10 to H^H
Fine Worsted and Pique*-- .„.
Suits to Order from $20 to $25
.- 201 and 203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush,
New Store, 844 and 846 Market St
14 tO and 1 1 1 2 Market St. San Francis*THE GREAT COMSTOCK LODE
Its Discovery Forms the Basis of ar\ Inter
esting Story of the West
GHJIRLES Jf. fiJIIM TELLS OF T.HE BIS BO.NJI.NZJI
•" The Days of the Qreal Strike Admirably Described by One Who
. Faithfully fortrays Both the Bright and Dark.
■ • . Sides of Mining Life
THE STORY OF THE MINE— By Charles How
ard Shinn. New York: D. Appleton & Co. For
sale by William Doxey, Palace Hotel; price
$1" 60.
Tho industry of mines and mining is to
louiid up with the history of California and
of the States bordering upon it, that any liter
ature bearing upon the two can always be
t-ure of a woicome at our hands. Mr. Charles
Howard Shinn of the University of California
has contributed to Appieton's Story of the
West series a work entitled, "The Story of
the Mine, as Illustrated by the Great Comstock
Lode of Nevada."
From the editor's preface we learn that Mr.
E-hiun "does not aim at a comprehensive his
tory," but he "illuminates its salient points."
As will be seen from the title he has taken up
for review more particularly that most roman
tic event in the mining history of the State of
.Nevada— the discovery of the Comstock lode.
He has quoted statistics, facts and figures.
*'; it he has used these as a background only.
J. . connection with them he has painted a
jrrect picture of the life of the miner from |
-he days of the gold rush of 1848-50 to the
p-esent. He has besides entered minutely
. Into the processes used in finding, testing and
working ores, has described the great me
chanical prob'.ems solved by the prospectors,
and has shown how mining communities have
been productive of men "with vast capacities
for love and hate, for sarcasm and laughter,
for terrible wrath and for sublime self-sacri
fice."
It is interesting to learn that no less a per
sonage than the late Horace Greeley made a
remarkable prophecy regarding the then
neglected region, afterwaid covered with
prosperous mining cainDs, in a speech de
liyered on the plaza of Placervilie in the
summer of 1859. He said: "Lastly I have
com* across a desolate and terrible country, a
land seemingly worthless forever— the great
American desert. But I believe that the
Almighty has created nothing in vain, and as
1 have passed over this awful region the
thought has fixed itself in my mind that since
it is certainly useless for every other purpose
it may be a laud of vast mineral wealth. If
that be so it will take 100,000 Californian
miners 100,000 years even to prospect it."
Certainly a remarkable prediction viewed in
the light of after events.
The first quartz prospectors spoken of by
Mr. Shinn were the unfortunate Grosh
orothers. They had no capital and tew
friends. Notwithstanding the fact that they
were the virtual discoverers of the rich Com
stock lode they seem to have been pursued by
ill-fortune and died without reaping the bene
fit of their vast mineral discoveries.
"Old Pancake" Comstock was working In the
mining district -which afterward took his
name at about the time the Grosh brothers
were engaged in prospecting. Mr. Shiun de
scribes Comstock as "a curious combination of
shrewdness, vanity, ignorance and spasmodic
energy. A Canadian by birth, he haa been
successively trapper, trader and miner.''
Comstock appears to have possessed a char
acteristic traditionally attributed to Ameri
cans, of claiming everything in sight. No i
Fooner was a strike made than Mr. Comstock
appeared and intormed the lucky prospectors
that they had been working his claim. This
seems to have been the sole reason why the
ric.h mining region in the southern part of
Nevada bears evea to-day the name of the
Comstock lode.
. The days of the Great Bonanza are admirably
described by Mr. Sninn. He has written some
really good character sketches ot Stewart,
Sharon, Mackay, Fair and Flood. A striking
instance oj .Sharon's way of doing business is
furnished in a conversation held between
'Superintendent James of the Sierra Nevada
Company and Sharon, who was then in control
of certain minea at Virginia City.
"Sharply and without a word of explana
tion Sharon said:
" 'James, can you run a railroad from Vir
ginia lity to the Carson EiverT*
" 'Yes.'
"•'Do it at once.'" Inside of twelve months
the road was completed.
.Some of the figures quoted by Mr. Ehinn will
. be found interesting. Take the discovery of
the Consolidated Virginia mine for instance.
At first the stock consisted of 108,000 shares.
Two hundred tons of ore per day was being
■ -taken out and $'250,000 of bullion per month
was marketed. In September, 1874, the shares
were worth $37. So carefully was the dis
covery guarded that nobody knew the value of
these stocks excepting those who were work
ing in the mine. The greatness of the discov
ery was not appreciated. In December, 1874,
Consolidated Virginia was worth $610 a
share, and o:ie month later .$700! Then the
Western papers gave the *news, and it was
fctated that in one mine there was $116,000,
-000 in sipht and by some it was set down at
$300,000,000!
This is, oi course, the bright side of the
Great Bonanza, but Mr. Shinn is quick to see
and appreciate the reverse ot the picture.
Here is a clever piece of description of a
scene once only too familiar, now happily far
less frequent: "There, in Pauper alley, one
can walk any time ie business hours and see
creatures that once were millionaires and lead
ing operators. Now they live by free lunches
in the beer cellars and on stray dimes tossed
to them for luck. Women, too, form a part
01 the' wretched crowd that haunt the end
of the alley where it Joins its more pros
perous neighbor streets and beg every specu
lator to give them a 'pointer' or to carry a
hhare of stock for them. These are th« dead
'mudhens' as the men are the dead 'ducks' of
the stock-share gamblers. Horrible things one
see's and hears of here. Old friends you
thought were prosperous, but had not heard
of for years, shove themselves out of the hud
dle and beg for the price of a glass of whisky.
There stands a once prosperous printer in rags.
He took flyers on the street too many times.
Yonder beggar lost $400,000 in a single sum
mer, all good gold. The ghost of many a mur
dered happiness walks unseen amoug these
half-insane paupers as they chatter like apes
of lost fortunes and of the prospects of their
favorite stocks. Really it is a frightful thing
to walk there and look at the seamy side of the
■silken garment of fortune."
a solid chapter is devoted to the building of
theSutro tunnel— that marvelous enterprise
whicn was contemptuously referred to by the
contemptuous opposition to its builder as a
"coyote hole." One cannot but admire the
mau who, deserted by powerful syndicates
and financial backers, stood alone and finally
succeeded in saving hii property from de
struction. "Even bin enemies," says Mr.
Shinn,. "began to yield unwilling admiration
to his bulldog tenacity. 'That little German
Jew will undermine the Comstock' became a
taying among the capitalists."
Included in the present work are some in
teresting chapters touching upon the interior
workings of a mine. Theße are fully Illus
trated and will form no mean factor In
heightening the Interest felt by the reader in
the book. Mr. Shinn has modestly and unos
tentatiously performed a good work. His book
K*nnot fall to revive interest in the not-yet-
Begotten story of the days of 1849. To use
t»6 words of the editor of this series of works:
'The miner, though transformed iv many
ways, is a figure of the present as well as the
past, and in presenting him and his work in
this volume Mr. Shinn has not only contrib
uted to American nictory something of lasting
value, but he has also furnished for those who
sometimes read between the lines another
reason for pride in the qualities which have
conquered this continent, ana an aid to the
understanding and sympathy which make
for^a perfect National unity."
Emanuei. Elzas.
A CHARMING GIFT-BOOK.
TAI-KS OF LANOUKDOC- By Samuel Jacques
Brun, wlih an Introduction by Harriet W. Pres
ton. Illustrated by Krnest C. Peixotto. San
Francinco: William Doxey. Palace Hotel. Price
$1 50.
In the present worit Professor Brun of the
Leland Stanford Jr. University has collected a
number of old-time French legends, some of
which nave been handed down by tradition In
his own family.
The "Tales of Languedoc," thus published,
possess a three.'old interest. First, they will
be read by students of folklore as something
quite new in this field of literature. Professor
Brun's woik is entitled to rank withfhatof
Joseph Jacobs, who has charmed a large circle
of readers both in Eneland and America with
his simple Provencal stories and ballads. In
the second place, these quaint old-time fairy
tales will be a grateful aid to the mother who
until now has sought inspiration for delight
ful talks with her tiny tots from the brothers
Grimm and Hans Christian Andersen, and
lastly, they will be found worthy of a place in
every nursery library for the use of children
of somewhat larger growth.
CHARLES HOWARD SHINN.
In the stories narrated by Professor Brun he i
has followed the broad lin<?s laid down by |
older writers of imaginative stories for the
young. He presents to us the gallant youth of
noble mien and heart who sets forth to seek a
fortune, who performs a kindness to a flock
of geese or a swarm of flies and is by them
assisted to wed a king's daughter. These and
similar improbable incidents are narrated ia
j a style that will nppear to the young reader
j with a force equaling that created by a
perusal of the adventures of Ali Baba or
Aladdin.
We heartily welcome Professor Brun's work
in the direction to which his talents have led
him and shall be glad to see more of it. Men
tion should be made of the work done by
Ernest C. Peixotto, who has ably seconded the
efforts of the author in his graphic illustra
tions. The Californian artist has caught the
spirit of the stories and the pictures will add
much to the interest of the work. The press
and mechanical work generally has been well
attended to by Mr. William Doxey, under
whose superintendence these tales are pub
lished. As a gift book for the holidays, "Tales
of Languedoc" will doubtless hold a prom
inent place. It Is certainly one of the best
books of folklore which it has ever been our
privilege/ to inspect.
AN EPISODIC MARRIAGE
TN THE FIRST PERSON— By Maria Louise
l-001. Harper <fe Brothers, New York; price
$1 25. For sale by A. M. Kobarlson, Post street,
City.
This is a tale of love and fame, with the
scene laid in New England, where the writer
seems at home in delineations of the country
people of that land. The girl who tells the
story in the first person is Wilhelmlna Arm
strong, whom her intimates call "Billy" for
short. Her father is a New England horse
trader, whose not very admirable peculiarities
she describes as frank'y as if it was tfee third
person telling the story instead of the first. A
great operatic singer, Miss Leonora Runciman,
who is a woman of whims, discovers that Billy
has a voice with possibilities, and takes a
fancy to train her and have her as a companion
and protege. The novice learns too well to
suit the teacher. Jealous of being; outdone by
her own pupil Miss Kunciman shows her dis
like bo plainly that Wilhelmina was too proud
to stay in the company. She immediately
takes the train for home. Miss Runciman'g
nephew, who is a singer in her opera com
pany, boards the same train. He and Bitly
were in love with each other and he persuades
her ;o marry him immediately. Some months
later she learns that this man, Vane 11 ildreth,
had a wife living in Paris at the time of bis de
ceiving marriage with Wilhelmina. Now Leo
nora Runciman's better nature shows Itself,
and she is sincerely sorry for the deceived girl.
She gives Billy $5000 with which to go to
Europe and study music In the farewell in
terview of the one-time lovers she said, "You
deceived me because you loved me so." On
thfs sentence two very different interpreta
tions might be put, and we are left in doubt as
to whether she spoke in irony or in the deepest
sympathetic kindness. His farewell sentence
was, "Miss Armstrong, you can regard our ac
quaintance as a slight episode in your life."
HOWELLS ON LITERATURE.
William D. Howells ha« decided views on
literature. He has expressed some of them to
a reporter thus:
"The best features of our fiction are its finish
and its excellent portrayal of life," said the
novelist "Next to the French ours is the
most artistic fiction, and the truest. While no
great three-decker novel has been written on
American soil, I do think that much of our
work is extremely faithful to a vast number of
the phases of our life. No novel can cover a
great proportion of the types which this coun
try affords, for the range is toc»varied. The
'great American novel' will not be written, I
think. It is no more feasib c for the novelist
to treat the whole National life of America
than that of Italy. We resemble the Italians
Closest in our extreme decentralization.
"As a matter of fact, no novel yet written
deals at large with English life, or French or
Spanish or Russian. Writers can do justice to
fragments, but not to the whole. It is all
superstition to think they can. When an
artist carves out a statue he crystallizes his"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896.
j ideal of beauty in one form, he doesn't try to
make stone images of a whole people."
"Do you think that our fiction writers are
showing signs of the degeneration Nordau
talks of ?"
"No; on the contrary. I think that we are
improving. We are combining reality to life
with beauty of style. I have strongly opposed
the ideas of Max Nordau. Ido not believe that
the mau is sincere.
"It is in the line of realism that the future
of our fiction lies, I believe, and it is here that
v.c are showing genuine promise. I have al
ways held that that was the work at which
j the writer should aim. We have no idealistic
work in this country now. Nathaniel Haw
thorne was, to be sure, one of the greatest
masters of romance, but he has left no suc
cessor, and I do not expect to see one appear."
Mr. Howells declined to draw any compari
sons between the work of American writers
and that of the Scotch school, whose popular
ity has grown so rapidly in this country. He
expressed himself as pleased with the shorter
sketches of Barrie, but said that he was unac
quainted with Barries novels or with those
of Stevenson.
In speaking of poetry, he Eaid: "The Ameri-
I can epic is not destined to appear, I think.
No epics are being written nowadays. We
have not the kind of civilization requisite to
produce them. But the outlook for American
poetry is, on the whole, promising."
"What do you consider especially good
among recent American poems?"
"Why, I think that colored man, Dunbar,
has done some extraordinary work," was the
, reply. "And James Whitcomb Riley's latest
j poem, 'A Child World,' is a lovely thing. Then
there is Kipling. As he is an imperial Engllsh
| man we can ciaim relationship with him, I
I think. His poetry is unusually good. He is a
, young man yet, und if he keeps on at the pace
he has set he will do all thatcould be expected
of him. In fact, he is doing that now."
DICKENS' GREATEST HERO.
Who is the greatest hero created by Charles
I Dickens? Why, Sydney Carton. What did he
do? Why, he laid down his life for his
friend, and surely no man hath greater love
tnan this. It is a peculiar paradox that claims
the most unheroic hero of Dickens as the
greatest, says the Newcastle (Eng.) Chronicle,
yet there is little of the heroic in Sydney Car
j ton when first we meet him in "A Tale oi Two
Cities." v
Briefly, Sydney CaTton and a man named
; Darney, very like him in form and feature,
J fall in love with the same girl. She Is French
j and loves Charles Darney, and Sydney takes
! his fate like a man. He has an interview
with her, and when all is understood between
them, Sydney promises never to trouble her
i in that wry again, and accepts her friend-
He keeps his word wonderfully. Bril-
I liant of mind and trained in the law, he is the
j ca'.spaw of the jackal, of a big talker named
Strykcr, who makes his way in the courts, and
1 whose cases Sydney works up.
Meanwhile, he is leading a dlssolate life.
Drunken and careless, he lives on, occasion
ally visiting the peaceful home of the woman
he loves, now a hapoy wife and mother. Her
husband is really descended from the French
nobility, and his family have made themselves
specially hated by the people of the great
revolution, of which time the story treats. A
humane visit by Darney to Paris is the op
portunity of his being arrested as a vile aristo
crat of tne house of Evremonde. For months he
is imprisoned; and, after many trials, finally
condemned to die. His wife, his child, his
father-in-law, are in Paris, powerless to save
him, but careless, willful Sydney appears on
the scene, and by deftly playing checkmate to
a spy, he obtains access to the cell of the con
demned Darney. Sydney has taken precaution
to obtain a drug, and uses it upon Darney
when the latter refuses to take advantage of
his likeness to pass out of the pr. son-house,
leaving Sydney to meet the guillotine. Dar
ney is carried senseless from the cell by the
, spy, who represents him as Carton overcome
i with grief for his friend.
And Bydney is left in the cell with a few
minutes between Him and death. Kind, good
hearted, careless, lovable Sydney. And even
! then he things not of himself. He finds a poor»
little seamstress, fahely accused of plottin -,
and helps her to die bravely. And then he is
taken and killed, thinking of a greater sacri
fice than his own. And when they looked at
him dead, it was said no sweeter face had
fallen from the guillotine's blade. And no
wonder. Well might Dickens' biographer say:
"There is no grander, lovelier figure than the
self-wrecked, self-devoted Sydney Carton in
literature or history."
TALE OF A WHISKY CURE.
"GASCOIGNE'S GHOST" — By C. B Bureln
B«ew York: Harper* Bros. For sale by A. m'
Robertson, Post street, City; price $1
This is a narrative of characters of mingled
depravity and nobleness. The two principal
characters, Gascoigne and his father, who is
his "ghost," after thoroughly disliking each
other for a time, at last each discover the
latent generosity of the other's nature.
Richard Wayne, the father, who Is adruni
ard, is left a legacy of $10,000. To make it
•afe he leaves it all to his son, Ray Gascoigne,
who is ashamed of his father and takes his
mother's name. Ray is anxious to marry Miss
Marchmount for her money. He takes his
father to her house to dinner and hero Wayne
gets drunk. The sOn denies his relationship
to his father and the old man goes home and
becomes very ill. Ho is treated successfully
with & cure for alcoholism. Being a brilliant
newspaper writer, he now offers tho use of his
talents to Ray, hi order to save the latter's
paper from impending ruin. Ray repents, and
not to be outdone in generosity, he deeds the
paper to Wayne,
FOR CHRISTMAS
TOTEM TALKB— By W. P. Phillips. Star Pub
lishing Company, Chicago; price 91 so. for
sale by A. M. Robertson, Post street, City.
These Indian legends were gathered by the
author during his travels among the tribes of
the Pacific Northwest. He has illustrated them
with a large number of pen sketches taken on
the spot. It Is a book to suit the boys and girls
at Christmas time. Tho author first told them
to some little friends of his and they became
so much interested In them that they would ba
ever begging for "just one more story." The
Indian peculiarity ot tale-telling in followed as
nearly as is possibly consistent with the mak
ing of them comprehensible in English. They
are not the mere inventions of an imaginative
brain, but are the real myths and legends told
by the professional story-tellers of the tribes
around the eampttres in the big woods at
night. They breathe tho poetry and iove of
mystery of the Indian nature. They tell of
"The Talking Pine," "The Song of the Waters,"
"The Dance of the Wind." "The Great
Waters." "The Tale oi the Demons." "The
Birth of the Pun," "The Rainbow," "Yelth
and the Butterfly," and are full of the forest
thoughts of the wild people who dwell in close
communion with nature.
BITS OF CHILD-VERSE.
By Fkanklyn W. Lke.
Blue Eyes.
Blue eyes that shine in the gloaming—
Frankly and honestly blue;
Blue eyes aglow with a lovelight
Sober and tender and true;
What will you see in the future,
When, from the boyhood estate,
Time brings a man to do battle
Kver and ever with fate.
Blue eyes, co sweet and so tender,
Life is not always a dream—
Oiten man's eyes grow aweary,
Beauty is never supreme.
Learn, then, to fashion a curtain,
Subject to sense and to will;
Look, when you may, at the better;
Curtain yourselves from the ill.
Blue eyes, I sigh in the twilight-
Would that you e'er might retain
Some of the beauty they showed you
Once on the heavenly plane!
If you but treasure it always,
Life wiil seem better to you—
Blue eyes that shine with a lovelight
Sober and tender and true.
J\ flea for GKildKood.
You do not know— you cannot tell
What megic lies in each caress
From baby hands; for childhood's spell
Binds cot all men ; and so, uuless
You love a child, you cannot tell.
You do not know— you do not dream
How potent is that childish laugh;
For ears must understand tho thame
Th 2 treble be»rs. It tells not naif
To those whose hearts unconscious seem.
You do not know— you do not think
How near to heaven these wee ones are;
They stand upon a sun-clad brink-
Sweet treasures sent us from afar
Each little hand a tender link.
The Kingdom of No-Name.
You have heard of the wonderful kingdoms
Which lie to the east of Cathay,
Where the people are laden with jewels
And life is a beautiful day;
Where the labor is done by the brownies;
Where fairy folk live with the rest;
Where the moments are just ac they should be,
And days are brightest and best.
But I know of another queer kingdom,
Where life is a midsummer dream.
And the quaintest of odd little people
Apart from the rest of us seem.
It is found in a room where two children
Are monarchs of all that is there,
And the oldest has eyes like the morn-mist —
The younger is blue-eyed and fair.
If you stand in the hallway and listen
To what they are saying inside,
You will fancy that though it seems crowded,
Their realm is surprisingly wide;
For they tring from the sunshine around them,
In answer to mandates they give
Such a congress of iantastic beings
That one wonders where they all live.
There are gnomes in profusion and fairies
Aa serfs to the King and the Queen,
And the oddest of relatives, neighbors
And friends from the sunlit unseen.
They are there, though we may not behold
them,
Nor hear what they say in reply,
For the Queen and the King are not lonely
And moments are spurred as they fly.
'TlB the Kingdom of No-Name I speak of—
A realm where the children may reiga
Till tne years banish brownies and fairies
And devastate all their don am.
They are happier far than the rulers
Who govern their States with a nod,
For the wonderful Kingdom of No-Name
Is close to the Kingdom of God.
My Lady Jippet.
My lady's tippet is of gray,
And gray her eyes and gray her muff—
A niousie sprite with winning way,
She peepo from o'er a velvet ruff.
My Lady Tippet has a grace
No queen could copy if she tried,
While eyes of gray ne'er looked from face
So charming and so beautified.
Her laugh is like a silver bell
That tinkles in the frosty air;
Her smile is like a fairy's well,
Reflecting all the witchcraft there.
Her step is soft, her touch is light-
As soft and light as eiderdown—
And sweet her ways, which make me knight
And bid me for her win renown.
My Lady Tippet loves me true—
She tells me so in tender wise
Whene'er she gives the kisses due
To prove the love that underlies.
And me? Ah me! no cloud I need,
Fince she brings sunshine every day;
But life would be a blank indeed
Without the child in tippet gray.
FASCINATION OF HORROR.
THK CARISSIMA. a Modern Grotesque — By
Lucas Mallet. H erbert S. Stone A (Jo. Chieaso'-
Wiet SI 50. For sale by A. ji. iu>benson Post
sre.-t, City.
Every one to his own taste, an -1 this book
will suit these who like something really ex
cellent in the way of an uncanny, unhappy,
blood-curdling story. It tells that there are'
people in this life who have seen the Thing
too-much, gone clear to this world's limit and
looked ovtr the wail and conbequently have
forever after a haunting fear. The hero of the
tale while traveling over the barren wastes in
the mining districts of Africa comes upon a
dead camp. He is sick with fever, weary,
thirsty and lonesome. The people of the camp
were ghastly corpses— victims of thirst in a
desert. The only living thing there was a miser
able yelping cur tied under one of the wagons.
Close to the dog lay the body of a little girl
just big enough to have been able to toddle to
its old playmate. The brute had been living
on the blood and meat of the child. Forever
after the ghostly image of the dog haunts his
imagination. It makes him seem a madman
to tho woman he loves. It spoils his life. He
ends the horror of it by suicide. The writer
has a wealth of words and puts them together
in a way that makes the reader shudder.
A FIRST POETIC FLIGHT.
THE SOUNDING BEA AND OTHER POEMS
By Jobn F. Garvey. Th« ilicks-Judd Company
n»n Francisco; price 60 cents. For tale by
William Doxey, City. *
This is a small collection of verses sent forth
as a first venture by an author who "has no
apology to offer or ambition to shine for other
than what he is." He remarks that an un
heralded poet is aj shining mark for satire's
trenchant pen, butjwhile thus reminding us
that the critic's attempted mortal thrusts are
only the following of stereotyped custom he
disclaims any wish to ward off serious criti
cism. This is oniy a beginning, and he ex
presses a desire to do better work— time alone
can tell. In this humor "he attempts to
storm the citadels of conservatism."
One ot the best of the bunch ot little poems
is "Lake Merrltt," of which this is the first
stanza:
Upon thy banks nay fancy roves
To all those sweet embroidered grorsa
Of well-remembered atory;
And often th«rs I lay me down
In autumn when the leave* are brown
And dream of phantom glory.
IN THE ARMY AND THE WEST.
A GARRISON TANOLK-By Captain Charles
King, U. 8. A. F.Tennyson Neely, New York:
price. $1 '2b. For sale by tne Emporium Book
and Stationery Department, City.
This is a story of love and fighting, of boots
and saddle*, of sudden alarms and swift
marches, of chasing to bay desperate horse
thieves, of dealings with Indian chiefs who are"
past masters in the art of diplomacy— men "to
whom Mettornich and Talleyrand might have
bowed in envious contemplation." The scene Is
laid amid the billowiusj foothills, where the
valleys are beautifully wooded and the waters
are crystal clear. The tale ends with the run
ning down and killing of a great mischief
maker, but who while dying shows a trait of
nobleness.
BRIEF AND BEAUTIFUL.
THE LAND OF THK CASTANET— By H. C.
Cuatneld Taylor. Ui-rbert S. stone <& Co., Chl
' cago; priced -5. For sale by A. M. Robertson,
Post street, City.
This is a collection of Spanish sketches, so
well written and so tastelully printed, that to
Dick up the book is to wish to read it through.
The sketches are not connected, but they kad
one on from sketch to sketch as if they were
chapters of some absorbing continued story.
Facis about Spain are well told on fine paper
with wide margins, which are restful to the
eye and make tbe reading of each page rapid
and easy, and gives the mind a sense ot swiftly
passing from t>leasure^-*o pleasure in these
panorama-like descriptions. Pretty pictures
are profusely scattered through the little book,
showing dancing and music and merry mak
ing, odd streets and grand cathedrals, and
pans of fair palaces like the Alhambra and the
Alcjzur.
LITERARY NOTES.
Mr. Barries new novel, "Sentimental
Tommy," published only three weeks ago, is
already in iv fifteenth thousand.
a L. Olliff, manager oi the Phoenix Publish
ing Company, London, is to bring out "The
Woman* Bible" in England. The second part
of the book is in preparation.
H. C. Bunner left very few unpublished
poems. One of the best of them, "A Magic
Gift," appears in the Christmas Scribner's.
The verses were written in acknowledgment
01 a gift of flowers.
According to the London Daily Chronicle,
Mr. Thomas Hardy is now on the Continent
preparing for publication in book form his
novel, "The Pursuit of the Well Beloved,"
which originally appeared in the Illustrated
London News in 1892.
0
There is to be a new edition of Macaulav's
works in ten volumes, including Sir George
Trevelyan's biography. The editor is not an
nounced, but presumably Sir George Tre
velyan himself will lake charge of the work.
There will be no illustrations.
The Century Company publishes a very
handsome and a very interesting book in
"Modern French Masters," a series of bio
graphical and critical reviews by American
artists, with abundant illustrations, some of
them wooa engravings, some in half-tone.
Mrs. Charlotte Perkins Stetson of California,
the author of a volume of verse entitled "In
This Our World," has been lecturing in Eng
land. Her former husband, by the way, mar
ried some time ago the famous Dr. Channing's
granddaughter, who has made come reputa
tion in verae and romance as Grace Ellery
Charming.
The Messrs. Scribner will be th« American
publishers of "The Unpublished Works of Ed
ward Gibbon," including seven autobiog
raphies, correspondence etc, printed ver
batim from MbS. in the possession of the Earl
of Sheffield, with a preface by the Earl of
Bhefleltf. These MSS. have since been ac
quired by the British Museum.
Thomas Hardy has just returned to Wes
sex from a sojourn of isome weeks on the Con
tinent. He went abroad to strengthen his
health, which had not been altogether satis
factory. He tame back much benefited, and I
able to resume the revision of his story, "The
Pursuit of the Well- Beloved." This novel will
appear in book form early in the spring.
Mark Twain has toft his rural quarters in
Surrey and taken up his abode in London for
tii 13 winter, indeed, he is likely to remain on
the other side of the Atlautic until the middle
of nest summer. A good deal depends on the
progress he makes with the book describing
his recent tour around the world. He has
just corrected the proofs of a new volume of
stories, "Tom sawyer, Detective."
The old and famous publishing-house of
Harper <fc Bros, has been changed into a stock
company, with a capital of $'2,000,000. This
step has been token simply for convenience
and for the better protection of the interests
of those concerned. The firm name will not
be changed, nor will any outside capital be
€|"S^HE above picture forms the cover of "Tales of Languedoc," by Samuel Jacques Brun (
/I3^ published last week by William Doxey. The design is drawn by Ernest C. Peixottoj
lilyf^ the young Californian artist who recently left for New YorK City to take a position in
"— *^ the art department of Charles Scribner's Sons. Mr. Peixotto's fame as an artist extends
far beyond the limits of this State, one of his pictures having attained the distinction of
honorable mention in the Paris Salon.
taken in. All the stock is in the hands of the
Harper family.
Franklin W. Lee, author of "Dreamy
Hours," 'Mam'selle Pagantni" and other
nooks, who is now editor of the Rush City
(Minn.) Post, has issued a pamphlet edition of
his rhymes about children, entitled "Whis
pers of Wee Ones." Mr. Lee will publish
other poems in similar styie, grouping them
according to their themes. The next will be
entitled "Lenten Lyrics."
General Horace Porter in his "Campaign! ng
With Grant," in the Christmas Century, deals
with General Grant's demeanor during the
battle of the Wilderness. General Porter says
that even during the most critical moments
General Grant manifested no perceptible anx
iety, but that he was visibly affected by the
sight of blood. During the second day of tht
battle Grant smoked about twenty strong ci
gars, his highest record in the use of tobacco.
That clever literary raconteur, "Droch," who
in private life is Robert Bridges, has joined the
writers who are flocking in such numbers to tho
Ladies' Home Journal. "Droch" commences
in the December issue of that magazine a
series of "Drouh's Literary Talks," which will
hereafter be a regular editorial feature ot the
Journal. Mr. Bridges will aim his work more
directly at girls, and gossip about Docks
rather than review them. They will be, in
short, "literary talks."
SLOANE'S LIFE OF NAPOLEON
iKe historian's Work, 'While Scholarly, Is
Lacking in Warmth and Golor
.NEW ESTIMATE OF T.HE FAMOUS LITTLE CORSICA
|lapoleon's Professed LoVe for France Regarded as /issumed.
Demoted to His feople, jie Was Willing to Sacrifice
Them to JHis Ambition
LIFE OF NAPOLEON BONAPAATE-By Pro-
Jessor William M. Sloane. The Century Com
pany. New York. Sol) by ?übscripiion only. In
four volumes. Price per volume, clo h. 57: half
morocco, $8. For s»le by subscription only.
This elaborate and beautiful work is of
special interest because its author, who is
professor of history in Princeton University,
has worked from new sources of information
which have not been delved into by other
writers. He has carefully studied papers in
the archives of the French Foreign Office in
Florence and in the British Museum, which
throw new light on the ever-interesting story
of the dazzling adventurer.
The history has already appeared in the
Century Magazine, but in book form is made
more attractive by splendid illustrations.
There are 280 fine, full-page pictures In the
first volume, which has just been issued.
Many of these are beatifully colored type
frravures, done by a secret method known
only to Boussed, Velladon <& Co. of
Paris. The colored pictures represent
famous originals in the great muse
ums of Europe. There are four in each
volume which show the exact coloring of '
paintings of especial fame. The finest in the
volume now out is from the grand canvas in
the Louvre, by Antoine-Jean Gros, of Bona
parte at Arcole, showing the stern, animated
face of the young soldier as he heroically
plants the standard on the bridge with his
own hands. The printing is in large, clear,
haudsome type, which will not weary the eyos
when they turn from the pleasure of the
pictures to the pleasure of the words. In
every way the work is got up with a thorough
ness which tells that the expenditure was lav
ish to make this a standard life cf Napoleon
Bonaparte.
It is claimed that the reproductions of the
masterpieces of the European galleries bear a
closer likeness to the originals than any ever
before put in a book. Moreover, there are a
great number made in color expressly for Pro
fessor Sloane's history, and not seen iv any
other form.
In order to perfect the completeness of his
equipment for the immense task he had on
hand the professor traveled over all the
ground made famous by the great command
er's battles, and thus acquired a familiarity
with the scenes which adds to the accuracy of
his descriptions.
In his preface the author points out that the
history of Napoleon covers a period in the pro
cess of civilization full of turmoil and far
reaching consequences — dramatic and inter
esting to an extent t.eyond all others—teach
ing, as in a great flashlight, knowledge for all
succeeding generations, easy to see and never
to be forgotten. Added to this interest is the
gigantic personality of the greatest history
maker of modern times. Surely, these are rea
sons to make eager readers.
The first volume extends from a sketch of
the Bonaoarte family in Corsica to the fall of
Venice, when the triumphant general writes
to Josephine, "I care for victory because it
gratifies you." in a letter wherein jealousy can
be plainly read between the lines. The first
chapter gives an account of the nobility of the
family of the imperial democrat— a nobility
which was emphatically denied by the unscru
pulous adventurer when he was seeking pro"
motion at the hands of the Jacobins.
Of his youth we are toid that it was largely
occupied with reading and that history found
chlefest favor in his ryes. This reading was
done, notebook in hand — not for pastime, but
fOr acquisition. The schoolboy was morose,
studious, solitary. He became sociable and
amiable only for the purpose of fighting mimic
battles with his schoolmates. The book pic
tures him leading an assault on a fortress of
snow, with snowballs for bullets.
Further on in tho volume the author relates
some things which migut surprise those read
ers who have not read history closely and re
membered what they have read: When a
young officer in training at Auxonne he was
charged with the oversight of some slight
works on the fortifications. He displayed such
incompetence that he was actually punished
by a snort arrest. Neither he nor his sister
Eliza could ever spell any languaee with accu
racy or ease. And this: "According to a strict
interpretation of the military code there was
scarcely a crime which Bonaparte had not
committed — desertion, disobedience, tamper
ing, attack on constituted authority and abuse
of official power."
Speaking of his first appointment as a gen
eral, the author says: "Neither the blind luck,
nor the revolutionary epoch, nor the superla
tive ability of the man, but a compound of all
these, had brought this marvel to pass."
In May, 1795, when Napoleon goes to Parii,
is the time named as the end of his appren
ticeship and the fixation of his character into
what it remained to the end. The careful stu
dent of his life sums him up as decidedly un
scrupulous. He says that as a Corsican he re
tained the national sensibility, together with,
an enormous amount o; endurance, both physi
cal and mental. He was devoted to his family
and his people, but willing to sacrifice the lat
ter to his ambition.
His moral sense was practically lacking. As
to religion, he had a superstition which passed
in his mind for faith. Sometimes he scotl'ed,
but In general he preserved a formal and out
ward respect for the church. He was wily in
diplomacy. "His pulpy principles were re
publican in their character, so far as they had
any tissue or firmness."
The shiftiness of Napoleon's eh aracter is well
shown in the description Professor Sloane
gives of how he was watching for an oppor
tunity to lead a revolution in Corsica, and yet
eager to draw his pay as a French officer while
absent from his regiment.
The great man's illegible handwriting is ac
counted for by saying that he abandoned the
excellent chirography of his youth in order to
conceal his defective knowledge of French.
His professed love for France is regarded as
KBsumed. "He was a citizen of the world— a
man without a country— his birthright was
stone, for Corsica repelled him and France he
hated, for she had never adopted him."
Josephine is described as having a retrousse
nose, and as having falsified her age to tha
extent of five years in the marriage certificate.
While the general was achieving his first great
fame in Italy, the historian says: "Though
she had made ardent professions of devotion
to her husband the marriage vow sat but
lightly on her in the early days of their sepa
ration. Her husband appears to have been lor
a short time more constant, but, convinced of
her fickleness, to have become as unfaithful as
she."
Speaking of the bloodthirstiness of the
Jacobins the comment is made that the mas
sacres as Lyons, Marseilles and Toulon were
the reply to the horrors of like or worse na
ture perpetrated in Vendee by the royaHsts.
Considering the thrilling subject perhap»
the history might have been written with
more warmth and color, but it is no doubt ac
curate, judicial, scholarly, and executed with
the great advantage of much new light.
Among the features of special distinction in
the Christmas Scribner's the following are an
nounced: Attractive printing in gold and
colors, shown on the special cover designs,
and the twelve pages of illustrations by Oliver
Herford. Nine comolete short stories, most oi
them illustrated. An article on tho late Sir
John Millais, with twenty pages of pictures,
most of them chosen by himself in the last
weeks of his life. Poems elaborately illus
trated by Will Low, McCarter and the Misses
Cowles.
The Hon. Thomas C. Platt discusses "The
Effect of Republican Victory" in the Novem
ber number of the North American Review,
and confidently asserts that the election ol
McKinley and Hobart will constitute a verdict
so emphatic that during theMifetime of all
those who are on earth to-day no man or
party will be found bold enough to go before
the people advocatiiy^J&trines which mean
repudiation. Other important articles in tais
ibsue are: "The Protection of Bank Deposi
tors," "Election Trials in England," "High
Buildings," "Gevernment by Party" and "The
Plain Truth About Asiatic Labor."
According to the Paris correspondent of the
London Daily Mail M. Zola's "Paris" is going
to be a great book, "or at least that is the im
pression which the author has allowed to
escape. 'Paris' will be like a boiling vat— a
vat in the process of fermentation; the intel
lectual life, the life of the work-people, the
Chamber of Deputies, the law courts, the
literary and artistic worlds, all that there is
in our great ci:y, will be represented. This is
a little crushing, and Zola's touch is never
very light; but 'Paris,' he promises, will be a
work 'rather optimistic.' "
A luxurious edition of Don Quixote is issued
by Thomas Y. Crowell & Co. John Ormsby
translates and produces the book, which is
chaste and handsome. A note from the pub
lishers gives the information that there are
more than 300 editions of Don Quixote, less
than half of which are Spanish. The Ormsby
arrangement is perhaps the best knowu.
j Ninety-one pages are taken up, out of the two
volumes of this edition, In a prefatory note, a
j biographical sketch ot" Cervantes, a chapter of
I statistics about Dou Quixote and an author's
j preface, besides "commentators' verses," con-
I sisting of familiar sonnets and other old-fasa-
I ioned burlesques in rhyme. The book will
make a choice holiday gift.
"Hours With Famous Parisians," by Stuart
Henry, wiil be published by Way & Williams
j in December. Mr. Henry has lived 50 long in
i Paris that he has become as much a French
; man as the Parisians. He is part of the life he
I describes; he is saturated with its atmos
; phere. And this familiarity Is evident in his
I sketches of contemporary writers, actors and
i painters. Some of them are done broadly in
j charcoal, others worked out with more care
! ful elaboration ; but the peculiarities of each
personality are suggested with delightful
abandon. There Is a dashing picturesque
ness in the book, which shows something of
the alertness of the American journalist, to
gether with a graceful delicacy that is essen
tially French.
Harper's Round Table, published November
10, will contain, besides its many interesting
short stories, articles, and the usual depart
ments on interscholastic, sport, bicycling,
photography, stamps, etc., the following spe
cial features:
A short story entitled "Recaptured," by Cap
tain Charles King. U. S. A. ; an article by Paul
Dv Chaillu, the well-known African traveler,
who describes in many graphic, exciting pas
sages, an elephant hunt in Africa; the first of
a series of articles on typical Enslish schools
by John Corbin ; a story of the sea entitled "A
School of Sharks." by Charles Lewis Shaw, and
an illustrated article on the marine parade
that took place in New York harbor on Satur
day night, October 24.
BTEW TO-DAT.
CONSUMPTION
To the Editor : I have an absolute Cure for
CONSUMPTION and all Bronchial, Throat and
Lung Troubles, and all conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of apparent-
ly hopeless cases have been permanently cured.
So proof-positive am I of its power to cure, I
will send FREE to anyone afflicted, THREE
BOTTLES of my Newly Discovered Remedies,
upon receipt of Express and Postoffice address.
Always sincerely yours,
T. A. SLOCUM,M.C, 183 Pearl St., New York.
When writing tho Doctor, pleaso mention this paper.
Purely vegetable, mud and reliable. Secure Cora
pie digestion , and absorption of the | food, caua*
a healthy action of the .Liver and render the Bow«U
natural in iheir opera; on without griping -
2122
FASHION'S CONCEITS IN FURS AND LACES
Tfte Season for Fups.
In "The Case of Rebellious Susan"
Henry Arthur Jones informs us that "all
women look well in furs." Now, every
one of us knows and appreciates that fact,
and we are never loath to hear the latest
news concerning furry fashions, even
when our purses admit of no luxuries.
Under this head comes a white broad tail,
used for revers on its appliqued black,
broad tail, bueh revers are certuinly at
tractive on coats of broad tail of curacole
or of sealskin. The introduction of the
white far adds much to the becomlngness
of such wraps. Over bloase bodices are
worn little fur Eton jackets. Chinchilla
is again in vogue, and at a celebrated fur
store is to be seen a handsome sealskin
cape with a hem and a large collar of chin
chilla.
The theater cloaks lined with ermine
are owned by many fashionable women,
but a dark green one lined with rich sable
is far handsomer. Endless is the assort
ment we are offered in boas and small
shoulder capes. These are, for the most
part, given a Frenchy air by the intro
duction of lace and flowers. One such
cape of chinchilla has a delicate gray
lining of satin and a chiffon frill of the
same hue embroidered in silver.
In opera cloaks there is no economy.
They are made in glace figured silKs, as
well as in brocades, with sleeves of aiiroir
velvet cut with enormous armholes to ad
mit of any tized epaulettes going through.
A beautiful violet brocade, which reached
10 th« feet, fastened across with one large
revers of white satin, the embroidery
pearls and gold; the sleeves in this case
being of the bishop lorm.
Apropos of fur, it is said that there are
few things prettier this season than the
black fish tail, which so closely resembles
satin that it is being employed in the evo
lution of the most fascinating of jackets.
These are double-breasted, and terminate
at the waist. The lone sleeves have a
little fullness at the top. These are seen
and admired at the great race meetings in
England, and at the horse show in New
York the same fur is also being used for
capes.
Fancies in Lace.
Fashion is now graciously smiling in
sable, chinchilla, velvet, moire and lace,
ttie finer the quality the more stylish;
indeed, lace is to be seen on everything,
for with it are beautified the sweliest oi
evening gowns, many walking dresses,
numerous fur boas, quite as many seal
skin capes and hats ol all descriptions, so
to begin with, purchase as much fine
laces aable, etc., as you can afford before
giving you winter orders. Quite charm
ing is an evening dress jusc completed.
It has a lace bolero, not tight fitting, but
hanging loose in pleats from the bust.
This is easily arranged with a piece of
flouncing, so that a narrow border may be
added up the sides, the results being more
than satisfactory. A dress of softest ivory
satin, the property of a bride, is beautified
with many yards of rare old Brussels lace
from the knees to the hem of the skirt, all
the way round is a lace flounce. The low
bodice of the satin is draped across the
fi.ure under either arm; over this falls a
bolero of pleated lace, while round the
waist is a narrow belt of white satin
traced with diamonds. Such a frock
would be lovely in colored satin, but to
have that certain cachet real lace must be
employed, for otherwise no matter how
clever the imitation the result will be a
complete failure.
A most reasonable duchesse lace is now
on the market which most can afford.
The best imitation lace lacks perfection in
detail, but if you afe < «ieterniined to use it
you will obtain the btst value for your
money by selecting a fine-meshed net
with a delicate sprayed design.
The success of the bolero is not less than
extraordinary. It is to be seen in many
fabrics — silk, velvet, fur, lace and embroi
dery ail being pressed into service. When
made plain and tight a bolero is remark
ably unbecoming excepting to a perfect
figure. A bolero richly embroidered,
which would excite the admiration ot
most of as, is composed of a light shade
of green velvet covered with large tur
quoise outlined with gold thread. Unfor
tunately this beantilul little garment fits
closely and the wearer has a square waist
and a flat chest. She would look far more
attractive in a bolero of pleated lace,
which would partially drape and conceal
the sadly angular lines.
The bodice said to be the most univer
sally becoming is the one that overhangs
the belt slightly at the waist. Now some
dressmakers are trying hard to make pop
ular the bodice which overhangs at the
back as well as at the front,
Very dainty are some shirts of tucked
crepe de Chine fashioned in this manner;
they overhang very narrow belts. Velvet
bodices are useful belongings, and posi
tively wonderful are fhe ornamentations
lavished on many of them with the hap
piest am' most artistic results. Most of
them are made to overhang a broad
corselet of satin, formed of a folded bias
piece of this material. This usually ter
minates in wide, long sash-ends, reaching
the hem of the skirt. Very successful, I
hear, is a black velvet dress made with
a perfectly plain skirt. The bodice is cut
like a sailor blouse, with a large collar
round the shoulders. It, is open in front
and shows a waistcoat of soft white
chiffon and yellow lace. The corselet is
of extra-wide biack satin ribbons,, long
ends of which extend to the skirt's bot
tom. The waistcoat fastens just below
the bust with two fine buttons set with
diamonds. Tnis style is worn with excel
lent result by a matron whose figure is by
no means faultless. Similar bodices of
soft silk are an economical investment.
Such a success was one composed of a
green-plaided poplin made with a front of
white and a belt of black satin. With it
was worn a hat formed of frills of green
velvet of three different shades, fastened
at one side with an erect and drooping
plume of cock's featuers buckled with
steel and emeralds.
Latest Walking Costume.
This consists of a skirt of the very finest
broadcloth and a short velvet jacket. This
jacket has taken Paris by storm and well
merits a description, being of the nchest
Lyons velvet. It fits tightly in the back
and is loose in front. Silk braid borders it
and tbe two seams at the back are braided.
The front is double-breasted and fastens
with two rows of large, handsome buttons.
This arrangement of buttons would be
fatal to a Btout woman, for, as I have be
fore remarked, tho fattening effect of
large buttons ia astonishing, especially
when a woman is Bmall in stature. A
Vogue correspondent says: The best
dressed women in Paris, London and New
York— in other words, what the faiseurs
call "l'aristocratique 1 clientelle"— will not
wear what are termed trimmed skirts.
That fur, ructiing or some simple device
of braid or ribbon should edge the bottom
of skirts, or form simple panel lines, is to
be expected; but not such trimmings as
will destroy the beauty of line or grace ol
carriage. All that is pour les autres. Par
ticularly will this be true of walking and
visiting gowns. 801 l gowns are a law
unto themselves when of tissues and
gauzes. In the same way the cape so
much worn for the past two seasons is
now superseded by the Russian coat and
jaquette for street wear; but as a wrap the
cape will still hold its own, and extremely
lovely ones in velvets, brocades and even
ine cloths are ordered by the smartest
people ever}- day. They are needed con
stantly as wraps before the ball and opera
cloaks are worn.
To Be Correctly Gowned
Remember that last winter's skirts are
too voluminous to be worn again. Indus
trious women, and those who have to
economize, will find it quite possible, by
careful manipulation, to decrease the width
round tbe hips and in front, but it will
not be found necessary in most cases to
make any alterations in the back. Any
one who undertakes such a ta^k should be
sure to see that tbe bindings and silk
ruffles are in good condition, as nothing
can have any style about it if in the leaßt
shabby. Last winter's coats can now
easily be made modern by decreasing the
size of the sleeves, and most prefer to still
retain a slight fullness, but the leg-of
mutton effect must vanish; the fullness
should never be stretched either to the
right or to the left.
In some cases the sleeves will be found
difficult to handle, unless they have cloth
strappings. In that case a seam can be
put down the center to disguise the fact
beneath a strapping. The fullness of the
ba&que may be allowed to remain, al
though it is not according, exactly, to the
latest of fashion's decrees. Dresses com
posed of a coat and skirt are still easier to
make over, as they all have vests, and
such smart, chic iittle affairs as some of
them are! They really make a most or
dinary little gown dressy, as nowadays no
elaboration scare 'ly is considered too
great for them. I lately admired one of a
patterned Indian velvet. It had an odd
cerise ground, which appeared to be in
terwoven with a turquoise- blue thread,
and over it was a raised Oriental figure in
black velvet; the effect was admirable.
Vests of chiffon are of great service. One
of biack chiffon striped with grass-green
velvet baby ribbon I liked. It had a foun
dation of black taffeta glace and a soft
crush collar of the same shade of green
velvet This vest made a fine black serge
remarkably becoming to a dainty matron
who has fair hair and blue eyes and col
oring that is ruined by immediate con
tact with black.
I have heard of another vest which is
said to be very swell; it is of white cor
duroy velvet, bordered from neck to waist
with a band of colored velvet edged with
sable ; and from Paris are some noveliy
fronts of alternate bands of fine broad in
sertion and tucks of chiffon, edged with
narrow bands of sable. The way such
vests should be finished at the neck varies
according to the size and length of the
wearer's throat. The woman with the
long throat should carry out a sort of
stociilike effect with the chiffon, but her
short, plump sister must content herself
with a few soft folds. The most univer
sally becoming of vests are of some soft
fabric in white or cream, but for econom
ical winter wear 1 recommend that shades
of periwinkle blue, mauve, turquoise in
chiffon or mousseline de soie be selected,
also excellent are many of the handsome
plaided silks; the green plaid is, for the
moment, the most stylish. With her
blue serge dress a stylish school girl wears
a green plaid silk front with a white linen
collar and a green stock of a brighter
shade than that which appears in the
check, but I have for this week given suf
ficient suggestions for vests. Sleeves con
tinue to be a subject of warm interest.
For evening wear fashionable women
are coming back to the. small empire puff
as far as size is concerned, but the simple
piece of material gathered at either edge
is a thing of the past. There is generally
a close-fitting band beneath, which pre
vents tne under arm being unduly seen.
Above this are small double flounces of
thin material, or a puff which is gathered
at intervals perpendicularly. The upper
puffs, by means of swansdown stuffing or
being gathered over wire or whalebone, or
crossway folds in the thicker stuffs, as
sume a breadth which permits them to
support as they should the cape trim
mings of the bodice. Some are using wire
to support bows, sleeves, fiouncings, but
it needs the most careful usage or it gives a
hard, unnatural stiffness.
But few will object to the return of the
tuck, as it has the merit of being both
simple and inexpensive. Tucks are seen
covering the lower portion of sleeves, aud
they also border the hems of skirts and
are carried across, horizontally, the front
of morning gowns, and they entirely
cover the front of many full evening
bodices, when of gossamer fabrics, they
are then drawn together and much puck
ered.
Small flounces have appeared on the up
per portion of numerous sleeves. They
almoßt. or quite, cover many skirts and
a large number of the latest fronts are
adorned with them. As a natural result
the question arises, how should they be
bordered? The most effective and "fash
ionable bordering thus far discovered is a
narrow black velvet put just above the
edge, or a slightly wider bordering of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896 P
either mink or sable, for the most costly
of furs are sacrificed, without compunc
tion apparently, for such uses, but how
the dressmakers manage to sew the fur on
the chiffon so successfully is an unsolved
mystery, as far as I nm concerned.
The latest basques remain shallow, but
they are wide no longer, and before many
moons, there is not the least doubt, that
basques will be much longer, and as the
long, close-fitting basque of the riding
habit is the thing, the next thing we will
be wearing dresses modeled on the form
of a riding-dress.
Boleros continue to enjoy a great amount
ol popularity, but the fact remains that
they suit few figures. The bolero back is
never attempted unless the fieure can
stand it. However, the fronts are gener
ally becoming. Lace boleros are the
mode, the heavy guipure in russet, or the
finer cream-white variety, the latter one
most popular. They are adding extremely
narrow li^se or mousseline plisse ruches to
the edges of them, as we see on recently
arrived Paris frocks. In most cases it does
beget an added charm.
When made upon cloth or woolen goods
of any sort the bolero is edged with vel
vet, fur, braid or embroidery. Some cloth
gowns are beautified by the addition of
velvet or fur boleros, when velvet is
utilized.
If you own a handsome lace shawl and .
can find a brieht woman to drape it cor
rectly the success of a charming evening
gown is assured, but if you have a grad
uated set of real lace flowers, welli*-allow
me to congratulate you, as Felix has just
created for one of his royal patronesses a
pink satin ball gown, the skirt of which
has three flounces of point de Venise,
richly jeweled with diamonds, pink
turquoises and emeralds. The very low
cut bodice ia literally covered with the
jewels, the sleeves are composed of a soft
fall of this well-nigh priceless lace. In
deed, lace is a good investment, even if
the first outlay seems rather appalling,
for look at the amount we fritter away in
chiffons, crepe, lisse, etc., all so perish
able.
Winter Evening Bodices.
The low-cut bodices now being sent
home for the winter's campaign are many
of them wortny of our enthusiasm. For
instance, imagine a simple one of pink
satin, trimmed with creamy lace. The
whole front is covered with large, soft,
silky-pint roses. They are placed bo
artistically that the wearer's figure is not
in the least concealed. A pretty debu
tante's eown is of white tulle over white
satin ruches, and fritlines of tho tulle
trim it, as they are carried down each
seam and encircle the skirt; again the
friilings appear on the bodice, inter
mingled with rose-pink ribbons. Our
artist this week depicts a lovely white
tulle bodice, with bows of shaded lilac
ribbons; the foundation is of the same
colored silk. The rose-pink satin one has
a wreath of roses round the top of the
bodice and these are veiled with tulle;
lace frills also adorn it. The bodice of
black velvet is handsomely embroidered
LA LOIE FULLER'S ARTISTIC PARISIAN GOWNS
I have just had a peep at some of La
Loie Fuller's dresses, and they prove once
more that Paris is unrivaled in the pro
duction of feminine garments. Her gowns
are all like nerself, fall of ever-changing
expression, aud Air. Redfern of Paris has
certainly studied his charming client's
peculiarities as an artist studies his model.
For instance, every one of Miss Fuller's
dresses is cut in a small square to show
her lovely column throat, and, as she
never wears a corset, most of them are
lined with a very thick "coutil" to give
support to the figure. The seams in the
sort of princess gowns she affects are
made so as to give length to the waist,
and the skirt, which is one with the bod
ice, is cut, like her dancing dresses, in nar
row gorges that widen at the bottom after
the fashion of a cartwheel.
When the pretty dancer sits down the
material falls around her feet quaintly
and full, like the portraits we see of our
grannies. What costly and enviable trifles
have passed before my vision to-day!
Dainty neckbands of velvet cut on the
cross and finished with a butterfly bow of
velvet and narrow lace edging; fluffy
large silk poppies nestle In garlands to
When the pretty dancer sits down the
material falls around her feet quaintly
and full, like the portraits we see of our
grannies. What costly and enviable trifles
have passed before my vision to-day!
Dainty neckbands of velvet cut on the
cross and finiaiied with a butterfly bow of
velvet and narrow lace edging; fluffy
large silk poppies nestle in garlands to
in topazes and diamonds. A black-satin
girdle and long sash complete it. Most
beautiful is a dress of black tulle, em
broidered with diamond vats. A deep band
covered with these gems encircles rhe
waist. The sleeves have a band of diamonds
a jour and black tulle. The sleeves have
been mucti admired and such a gown may
be built over either glace taffeta or black
satin.
There are many changes in low bodices.
A biack velvet one indicates the certain
return of the pointed court bodice, which
is, after all, the most ladylike and becom
ing style for a good figure. In this case
the center seam down the front seemed to
have been opened and a fullness of net em
broidered in steel and jet let into it, the
embroidery being carried round the bod
ice on the side seams. It was intended to
be worn with a black velvet skirt, and the
sleeves were slightly wired in order to give
the desired effect of standing well out and
appearing square from the shoulders.
Thus far not more than one or two of
our Delles have decided what they will wear
to the fancy-dress ball, as considerable
thought is necessary before arriving at
any consideration. So, not until the Ist
of December will the orders for most of
the costumes be given.
In my next article I will give you my
ideas concerning toilettes for that occa
sion. Makcella.
Styles for Men.
Our correctly garbed men will certainly
be more amused than even H. R. H. when
they read the following extract from an
English fashion journal: The Prince of
Wales must be amused to learn that the
jeunesse doree of America throughout the
length and breadth of the Continent are
Styles for Men.
Our correctly garbed men will certainly
s more amused than even H. R. H. when
ley read the following extract from an
nglish fashion journal: The Prince of
fales must be amused to learn that the
mnesse doree of America throughout the
mgth and breadth of the Continent are
LATEST EVENING STYLES.
indulging — since His Royal Highness'
good-natured purchase at Spitalfields — in
brocade waistcoats of all colors and pat
terns imaginable. Twenty-five years ago
there was a rage in New York for gay
waistcoats, and the fashion quite suddenly
died out. The tailors and manufacturers
were left wiih hundreds of yards of rare
silks upon their hands, and many of these
are reproduced as "antiques" to supply
the present great demand.
An English writer says: "A black bow
or knot should always be worn with a
white or fawn waistcoat. A little patch
of black at the throat tones down the ex
tensive open space of lightness and effects
a pleasing and stylish contrast." At the
present moment conservatism is the
watchword, all desires for picturesque
effects having vanished.
Tan and dogskin gloves are much worn,
the gray shade having taken second place
ever since the winter goods began to
arrive.
Haberdashers in New York are making
their windows quite gorgeous with brilliant
ties in red, green and saffron hues, but all
their exertions cannot make them "take."
No one need restrict himself to black
ties, as check bows and "a bit of tartan
in blues and greens" make an agreeable
change. Him remarks:
"I find that the black club tie will be so
much worn that it requires a certain
form a sort of boa, and the most daring
combinations are indulged in. Velvet is
worn upon velvet of a different color, and
every seam is concealed by a line or
shining spangles. Tbere is no hard,
metallic glisten in these spangles; they
are all of subdued coloring, such as helio
trope, old rose and laint blue, a shimmer
of delicate hues melting into one an
other. Every woman who aspires to be
relieved of the burden of corsets should
stndy the make ot Loie Fuller's costumes,
from her simple little blue pacha, or
coarse-grained alpaca, which is a gem in
itself, to the grandest conception of a
gown for ceremonious receptions. The
hats and muffs by Virot are worthy of
the now famous name they bear.
It is by beauty of detail that Parisian
frocks win the day. A sleeve finished in
a certain way, a roll of velvet, a collar;
nothing tangible, but just a dainty finish
ing touch to make it perfect.
The dress of blue alpaca I first saw La
Loie in suits her admirably. It is very
full and made from a yoke. The full
puffed sleeves have a bracelet or cuff
folded in folds, one over the other, to imi
tate a tucked material. With this a long
stately stiffness, such as we are wont to
associate with London and the English of
forty years ago. Our collars also are stiff
and uncompromising, our frock coats have
almost a perfect square cut, with just the
suspicion of a waist, and the top hat de
scribes an almost perfect geometrical
square. The brown derby has also suffered,
and the most fashionable bowler to wear
with a lounge suit is one high and slightly
square of crown, with brim fairly wide
and curly and covered with a thick black
cloth. The white waistcoat, double
breasted and pleasing to the eye, has suc
ceeded the fancy fawn-colored affair which
is now only worn with business clothes;
I say the word business, because we have
reached an era of usefulness. We waDt at
present to look like capitalists." C. C
Jhe Pleasure of Perfume.
"Some people," said the large and portly
person to the Washington Star reporter,
as they stood in a drugstore with a easeful
of perfumes spread before them, "don't
seem to exercise one bit of judgment in
the selection of a perfume. What they
appear to want is something that will find
its chief function in concealing some other
smell which is less pleasant.
"It isn't so with me. To me there is
sentiment in smell, if you will permit the
alliteration, and 1 bay my perfume be
cause of the sentiment. When I was
younger I don't know but that I bought
about as other people did and still do;
but now, having given up the frivolities
of the gay world, I Jive more in the
past, and I love to think of what the
world was to me as a boy. I lived in
the country, and when one has started
from the ground he never quite forgets
his starting point. I might say he never
ceases to love it. Now here," said the
large and portly person, picking up a bot
tle of some fashionable scent, "this is an
odor that reminds me always of crowded
ballrooms, of women in satins and laces,
of men in full dress, of music and dancing
and wine and long hours into the night
and heaviness and sorrow in the morning.
Do you think I want to get a whiff of that
sort every time I take out my handker
chief? Here's another. This reminds me
of theaters, on the stage and off; the glare
of lights, the temptations, the joys, the
triumphs, the defeats, the late suppers, the
bitterness, the broken hearts, the every
thing that a man would rather forget and
a woman can never forget. Not any per
fumed reminders of that kind if you
please.
"There are others that are equally un
desirable, and there are others that are so
artificial that they remind me of nothing,
and they are, if anything, worse than the
others.
"Now this," and the large and portly
person picked up a bottle, "is what I use
because it is redolent of the farm. When
I catch a breath of it it makes me a boy
again, and I can see the old fence across
the clover field, I can almost touch the
clambering vines, I can feel the nibble
of the first spring fish at my pin hook,
I can hear the cows in the pasture, I
can pee the blue skies up through
the leafy shade of the big old tree in
the front yard, I can see it all, I can hear
it all, I can feel it all, and I hold the bot
tle in my hand as a treasure greater than
that lamp of Aladdin's, which brought
him gold for the rubbing of it; for what
this perfume brings to me is what all the
gold in the world can never bring to a
man when once he has let it slip from his
grasp in his grasping for what is worth so
much less."
The large and portly person was silent
for as much as a minute, gazing as if at
something which was not of the earth.
Then he spoke again.
"Yes," he said to the clerk, "you may
wrap me up a bottle of this and give one
to this gentleman also," nodding with a
persuasive smile at the reporter.
When terrified the ostrich travels at the
rate of twenty-five miles an hour and
clears twelve to fourteen feet at a stride.
The whiskers of the walrus extend three
or four inches out from the snout. They
are quite stiff and become stiffer with age.
They are plucked separately and exported
to China, where they are used as tooth
picks.
driving coat of blue alpaca is worn, orna
mented with large white pearl buttons
and a curious sort of strap, which sup
ports the fullness of the bust. One I most
admired was a black satin, with sleeves of
moire striped with hair lines of blue, pink,
gold and heliotrope. With a yoke of the
same on the shoulders are three deep and
leaf-shaped points, outlined like par
row guipure, plentifully ornamented
with brignt spangles. Bands en
tirely composed of spangles en
circled the necfe. The muffs are
nests of flounces in w elvet or satin. They
bristle with ostrich ..ips, birds on single
silk roses in the new shade of apricotrpink.
Violent clashing contrasts of color suit La
Loie, who never looks prettier than when
purples and blues are swearing at each
other in her headgear. She does not care
for trinkets, save a few special favorites,
but revels in costly furs and filmy laces.'
It is a pretty sight to see her flitting about
in her full skirts attending to her mother,
who is in delicate health, with all a most
devoted daughter's care, and few who see
her at night growing into a living lily on
a bird woman ever guess what the other
side of her life is like.
FROM GREATER NEW YORK.
—
ft Budget of Interesting JMeWs ar\d Qossip
J\bo\ii the California Golor\vj ir\ the
Eastern Metropolis.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 16.— The town
went mad last week.
Society put on its most gorgeous finery
and swooped down on the Madison -square
Garden like a cloud of gauzy-winged
locusts. It was the week of the annual
horse show, and everybody was in a
whirlwind of excitement and delight.
Even the horses seemed to appreciate and
enjoy the importance of the brilliant
affair.
Mr. and Mrs. Nabob elbowed Mr. and
Mrs. Parvenu without knowing it, and
Miss Winking Soubrette jostled pretty
wide-eyed Miss Society Bud in the most
reckless manner. Millionaire bankers and
their families vied with millionaire bakers'
and saloon-keepers' families. Actors and
statesmen, queens of society and queens
of the stage, "chappies'" and "chappiettes"
mingled together like flies about a barrel
of sorghum molasses.
The glossy, well-groomed horses peered
over their stalls and whinnied a glad lit
tle welcome to the thousands of silken
robed, perfumed women and well-groomed
men. The jUare of electric lights made
their beautiful big eyes blink in astonish
ment, but they didn't care — they were
happy, ecstatically happy — because for
six long days and six long nights the
metropolis of the Nation saw fit to make
them, the faithful horses, the idols of wor
ship. The triumph was glorious in this
age of bicycles. The twelfth annual
horse show was a grand success in every
respect.
There are only one or two faults to be
found in the way horses are treated in
these faddish days. First, it is cruel to
dock a horse's tail. It not only causes
the horse agony, but it maims one of God's
most beautiful and useful animals. Sec
ond, it is an absurd and inhuman custom
.to put checkreins on horses. A check
rein ruins tbe natural, graceful arch of the
neck, gives the muzzle an awkward poise,
strains the back and loins and throws all
the weight, when drawing a load, on the
hindquarters. This is unfair.
It is surprising to see the number of in
telligent folk who still cling to the old
fashioned idea that a horse should have
"blinders" and check-rein, double bit and
martingale, crupper and heavy collar be
fore the torture and disfigurement are
complete. It is enough to make the
human lover of horses weep for pity. All
the large cities are unanimous in doing
away with the barbarous fitters, and the
City authorities do not permit them on
any of the horses driven to the City's pub
lic conveyances, all of which goes to prove
that a horse will behave itself in good
style when it is treated humanely.
Genial John Kelly had several Western
bred horses in the show. He seemed in
excellent spirits all through the week,
and as one of his favorites won a blue
ribbon he had every reason to congratu
late himself as much and often as his
many friends did. There has always been
a misty pink halo of romance surround
ing John Kelly's manly figure ever since
his marriage several years ago; but that
is an old Btory and we will not gossip
over it.
Among the prettiest and most stun
ningly gowned women at the show were
Miss Virginia Fair and Mrs. Will Hobart.
They were the center of attraction for
awhile on Wednesday night.
A. C. Bonnell of Hollister thought the
horse show a howling success and a won
derful institution. Mr. BonneJl has been
in New York for some time, and has
about decided to make this his future
residence. He has been quietly investi
gating, preparatory to making some good
investment here. In the meantime he
has wired Mrs. Bonnell to come on and
join him, before he decides to remain in
Gotham permanently.
Like all great men Claus Spreckels is
modest and retiring in his ways with the
world of strangers. He and Mrs. Spreck
els slipped into New York quietly and un
heralded several weeks ago, and a few
days ago they just as quietly slipped out
again aud were carried homeward before
any one realized their intentions, in con
sequence of which there were many dis
appointed friends and acquaintances.
J. K. C. Hobbs, who met with such a
serious loss by fire recently, is here for the
purpose of buying machinery to replace
that which was destroyed.
In a conversation with him, he ex
pressed himself most encouragingly re
garding California and the outlook.
He predicts a "great business boom"
throughout the West, and says already
tbe change for the better is being experi
enced by business men.
"He laughingly exclaims that "New
York is so blessed cold these November
days it's enough to drive a man to 'strong
liquids.' "
Dr. R. C. Meyers and sister returned
from a several months' tour of Europe last
week.
The rest and change of scene have great
ly improved the doctor's health during his
absence. His many friends will regret
that he will not be in California for some
time yet, as he and his sister will remain
in and about New York, sightseeine. "We
are out for a good time," declares the doc
tor, "and we are going to stay until we are
tired out."
Thomas McD. Potter and wife are
guests at the Grand Hotel. They arrived
direct from Los Angeles last Wednesday.
Dining at Delmonico's the other even
ing was H. K. Travis Jr., who had just
reached New York direct from dear old
San Francisco.
He is here on important business, the
objective point being the renewal of one
of the big Eastern contracts controlled by
paterfamilias, and will probably be with
us some little time.
When "Harry" returned to California,
three years ago, many of his friends pre
dicted that he was such a thorough New
Yorker he would soon come back; but he
didn't until now, and already he has ex
pressed the desire to be in the land of the
Golden Gate.
R. A. Nelson of Los Angeles left for
home last Friday ntght, having spent the
summer and autumn with relatives in
New England.
Colonel H. M. Van Arnum, once
Governor of Arizona and for many years
closely connected with the Southern Pe
cific Railroad, is in New York ior the
first time since last spring.
Colonel Van Arnum was here on a land
deal of considerable magnitude. He left
town Saturday night for California, stop
ping at Chicago about a weeic His in
jured ankle is growing stronger and he
has about recovered complete control of
it. On Thursday evening the colonel was
the guest of General La Grange at tbe
horse show, and appeared in a gorgeous
outfit befitting the gay occasion.
Charles Wellman, at one time manager
of ttie Baldwin Hotel and an old resident
of California, is negotiating for a New
York City hotel, if he succeeds in his
plans he will have as pretty and comfort
able a house as New York affords.
Just eighty-one years as *o last Thursday
Elizabeth Cady Stanton was bom I
called at her home, Sixty-first street to
congratulate her on her eighty-first birth
day, and found the grand old 'lady sitting
in a high-backed cbair, cheerfully chat
ting with a number of friends who had
called on the same mission I had.
Mrs. Stanton is one of the greatest
women m America to-day. She is a Radi
cal, and many of the strait-laced do not
like her for that, but she laughs in her
jolly whole-souled way, and declares that
"if more folks would read her 'Women's
Bible,' they would change their opinions
about some things."
She is in excellent health, and says that
she feels as though she would love to live
always. Life is so sweet and she has so
much to do before she will be ready to
die.
Charles H. Holt and wife arp guests at
the Gilsey. Samuel C. Boyd was in the
city all of last week.
Trelt,a Foltz Tolakd.
HEW TO-DAY. v
B.&H. OIL HEATERS
ty Are known to be
the best made—
_J^^^^L 1 easily cared for,
g||||||p|fp satisfactory, pos-
,^^^^^ Itively no smoke
• or smell. There's
comfort and econ-
BaS£ss?.a> ! '»i Offl j 1U every ceui
S^^HB, ° r tae 55.50 it
costs. There is
(c\ /B) D ° ° ther sioYe
i^BlS^ <i j ust as good " or
the "same as."
\%M^y The "B. & H."
j^^^^M^ can only be bad
THAT BIG CHINA STORE — -
A Quarter of a Block Below Shrevg'u
WANQENHKIM, STERNHEIM & CO.
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 -Slitter St.,
BtLOW MONTGOMERY.
Freud's Corset House,
SPECIAL SALE OF CORSETS. , ; r
300 doz. LADIES' BLACK and DRAB SATKEN"
PKKFECT- FITTING FRENCH iIODKL
UOBBSTB, regular price $1 50, will be closed ,
out at $1.
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
Empire Stays, for tbe Stella Chest Form
and the Stella Hip Forms,
5° H " h i^S^^^^^ M a r
COKSETS MADE TO ORDER AM) RE-
PAXKEO. FIT GUARANTEED.
CAUTION— Having no agencies or branch stores, •
our Corsets can be purchased only at our estab-
lishment.
Mail Orders receive prompt attention.
Illustrated Catalogue mailed free.
■ ■ .-  •- ..•■;:, ■ .■ .
MAKE NO MISTAKE IN OUR ADDRESS
M. FREUD «£• SON,
742-744 Market st. and 10-12 Grant aye.
FINE FURS AND SEAL-
SKIN GARMENTS
• 1 1 1.1 »•'■';>
To order, Ren.oiielmK an i repairing at prices far
below those of any other furrier on the Pacific
Coast." ALL WORK (iUARAXTKED.
AD. KOCOUR, FASHIONABLE
/^ L7 * *^ VV V V *^» FURRIER,
SVs ECo«tx*atxy, Street,
; •: Upstairs— uppoiite Chronicle.
Formerly ; cutter with Revillon Freres, Paris,
London and New Vorlc.^gf3{sjjggf|
GENUINE
ROXBURY
BRUSSELS
CARPET,
750 A YARD,
SEWED AND LAID.
SHIREK &TSHIREK,
: 747 Market Street, ... - /
Tel. 5391; -:■: Opp. Grant Aye.
' O^RilsPl The mc * efficacious of Skiaj/
B?TOSeS/'^®B^^ rood » » nd Tissue Builden is re.^
. Psl rsik 1-^ Hfroi omrnecded by physician* for Us
V BSB'WWKiI ' puriiy and efficacy. It remove!
ktJMJL *»- 'flfP' . freckles and t»n, prevents *riakl-s
' WJHBL ' 'MfmSm » ndren d«» the B kin soft, smooth,
®JkS^!P clear, and white. It oure«ch»ppe'l
S§ESfv<KJ? \>tJs hands, chapped lips, and many aim
'■ »T - '-.-■-■-■ "^i aii leases. - Price 60 cent*. Sold I>J
1 . . ".nil Druggists. •-••--■•...■ ■
All L at AC I^P OAST AGENCY, Room 29,
Donohoe Building, U7Q Market St., S. F.Thought Photography ■ '
'■ ; - Is Society's Latest Fad
; Fair Worr\ar\ Finds the NeW Phenomenon
]:. Far More Interesting Than Palmis
try or Star-Qazing
A new fad has seized upon society, i
: Thought photograph clubs have been I
formed with surprising and sometimes j
startling results. By fixing the gaze upon I
•" an undeveloped photographic plate or '■
even holding these plates in the hands, I
figures of persons and forms of a very ex
traordinary character have been produced
•when these plates were developed. Tlie
facts in tne matter are well substantiated.
This is far and away more interesting
than palmistry and cryt-tal-jiazing, as
.these might by a prejudiced mind be at
tributed to imagination, but actual pic
tures on an actual plate cannot be so ac
counted for. The only alternative in this
. "case is the assertion of fraud. This is
done away with when t!ie undeveloped j
sensitive plates are purchased at random I
from any photographer, or those on hand ]
for use in -one's own private camera are
. taken. A brilliant society woman who is
•up to date In everything, including the !
. latest scientific discoveries, reflected that
if Dr. Baniiuc, lhe Parisian electro
therareutist, could obtain these pictures
•and astonish the French Academy of j
Medicine with them, she ought to be able
• to do the same, eince the method was
simplicity itself, and the cost not worth
considering, nothing more being necessary
>nan a box of plates and from two to a
-J zen people who were capable of concen
■', rrating their thoughts on a given person
' 'Jr subject for a few minutes.
Inviting a few trusted friends, a circle
;- was formed and a box containing four un
opened plates placed in the center. The
results, were astonishing when the plates
were developed. She was an amateur
photographer herself and did the develop
ing. Luminous pictures made their ap- !
• pearance. On the top plate no distinct
. .. form was visible, but in the Bhadowy out
lines various figures and faces could be j
discerned by a lively imagination. On the
next plate, however, there was a well
defined fiuger-shape, across which lay a
light figure that might be held to resemble
a female. But the really startling result
was the pictures wnicn developed them
selves on the two middle plates. On these
were distinct faces, recognized by mem- i
bers of the circle as perfect pictures of liv
..ing- friends they had held in their
: thoughts. In one case the photograph
was that of a brother who had been lost at
■ sea. A second experimental circle was
held. The room was darkened and a new
bex of plates, unopened, was put into the
hands of one person, and the hand of the
••. hostess Jaid over it for about one minute. |
, Then, without ever allowing the box to I
.pass from her possession, they were de- j
veloped, and this strange result was dis
• covered. All the plates had pictures, but i
some were positives and others were nega- !
tives. Two had to be transformed to a
• lantern-slide before they could be printed
• from.
. The thing was a success, and now
society hm a fad that it will not tire of for !
some time to come. Even the chappies j
are cften fortunate enough to find the j
face of the heiress they are following up |
imprinted upon the plate they have held, i
>'o. vroinan, heiress or otherwise, could j
. fail to be touched by so convincing a proof j
as this furnishes that her image dwells in :
.an admirer's breast.
I • Society women are still women, and
when they are able to obtain a photograpn
of some one they admire, yet don't care to
( ask for his picture, they ci > rience a
• sense of power which borders on the j
supernatural. Sometimes the pictures ob- i
tamed are of unknown men and women, !
and then the theory is that these are their
affinities, not yet encountered, but wait
ing somewhere in the future.
How is this photography accomplished?
'• Dr. Baroduc's explanation is that every
human being has tue power of expressing
conscious or unconscious thought ex
teriorly. He believes that a mysterious,
impalpable force resides in and emanates
from the human body. In the sphere
formed about us by this vital emanation
our thoughts create forms which the sen
sitive plate seizes iipin and retains. The
discovery of the lloentgen rays was a
preparation for this statement. Dr.
Baroduc has proved his statement in re
gard to the existence of this luminous
radiation by his magnetometers and by
photographs, tveroOO of which he repro
duced in hi* report read before the
Academy of Medicine, "The Photography
of Thought." The society women must ]
be well up in this knowledge and know !
that the magnetometers are small dials i
marked off with 360 degrees. Over the
surface of each dial moves a fine needle as
enrefuily balanced and as free as possible.
The dial is protected from all exterior in
fluences by a glass pJobe. Not a breath of
air can move tho hand*. These, more
over, are of specially prepared copper and i
are not subject in any way to magnetism.
The investigator points both hands
toward the magnetometers and watches
what follows. In about two minutes, if
he or she is of normal temperature, he sees
the needle nearest his left hand move
away from zero so far as degree 5. It is
repelled. At the same time the needle
nearest the right hand is attracted 15
degrees. It moves toward the ringers of
the right hand. The existence of the vital '
force is next demonstrated iv a more I
definite manner. All light is excluded !
from the parlor or laboratory, and a pho- j
tographic plato is interposed between the ,
hands and the magnetometers. Under '
these conditions the nitrate of silver of
the plate is incapable, according to all
previous experience, of receivine any im- j
pression except by actually touching some •
substance. It would remain intact for an j
indefinite period. But here Dr. Baroduc's j
vital force comes into play. When the I
plates are developed in a bath by th«* j
members of the thought-photography j
club, it is found that the one which was
nearest the left hand has received one im
pression and that which was nearpst the
right another. It, therefore, seems that !
the vital force has not oniy penetrated the
gla>s but is luminous.
The photograph proves it, and the skep
tical may, with the greatest of ease, make ]
tests for themselves.
Dr. Baroduc calh the vital force given
out on the left side the "expir" and that
attracted on the right side the "aspir."
Tr.e experiment has been repeated 300
times, and in every case the photographic
plate has shown an impression, varying
according to the subject.
The members of the club are instructed
that it is to be noted that while the left
side exerts only five degrees of force the
right absorbs fifteen. There remains a
difference of ten decrees accumulated in
the system. This, according to Dr. Baro
duc, is psychic force, which can be exerted
on externa! objects by the will.
This brings us to the most important j
part of tiis experiments. The magneto- I
meters are taken away and a society man
places himself in iront of a fresh photo
graphic plate. He extends his bands in
the direction of the plate and is requested
to think of someone particular thing with
all the energy and concentratiou of mind
of which he is capable.
At the end of a period which varies
from two minutes to two nour3 the plate
is impressed by a sort of luminous cloud,
in which the outlines of certain objects
can be discerned. These vary in distinct
ness, according to the character of the
thinker, and can only be expected to ap
pear when he has fixed his mind on some
concrete and clearly defined object.
The Kind of thought photograph most
THE SUBMARINE BICYCLE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896.
easy to produce is a likeness of some per
son.
Thus it will be seen that society in this,
its newest fad, has at last taken up some
thing that is of real value in demonstrat
ing the world's mental progress and in
proving the power of mind over matter.
If this fad really results in turning the
minds of the smart set toward things that
are not altogether of the earth earthy the
SOCIETY WOMEN TRYING THEIR LUCK AT THOUGHT PHOTOGRAPHY.
Speeding on a Wr^eel Under tfye Ocean's Waves
Qer\i\js Makes It Possible for a Bicyclist to Ride With Safety
Under the Water
Genius has now made it possible for a
bicyclist to ride under water. We have
had plans for wheelmen to ride to and
from the clouds and to ride underground
in cycle tunnels.
There bave been bicycle railways and
bicycle boats, but Reuben H. Plass of 508
Lafayette avenue, Brooklyn, N. V., an in
ventor, is constructing a machine which
makes submarine wheeling an accom
plished fact. The practicability of the in
vention has been demonstrated by means
of a model, and the workings of this model
have been such as to attract the admira
tion and indorsement of every practical
cyclist who has seen it. Not only do the
cyclists praise it, but the submarine divers
believe it is destined to be of the greatest
use to them.
All men of brains agree that this is an
age of progress and that the bicycle is one
of the most practical instruments of ad
vancement. This invention proves the
truth of the latter belief, and it goes with
j out Baying that the former is correct. To
those who are familiar with what is known
as deep-sea diving the utility of the sub
marine bicycle is plainly apparent. Under
the present circumstances it is necessary
for the diver to sink directlyto the bottom
before he can begin operations. With the
new contrivance he can pedal about at any
fact will rank with the most pronounced
achievements of modern scientific
thought.
Li Hung Ghang Broke the Jtule.
Li Hung Chang has earned the thanks
of all inveterate smokers. He has broken
down the ruie of the Belgian court
etiquette which strictly forbids smoking
desired distance above the bottom and
take a birdveye view as it were of the
pcene of operation. Thus it will be seen
that the submarine bicycle, from a busi
ness standpoint, is a very excellent thing
indeed.
Entirely unlike anything ever before
produced in the bicycle line this machine
is still in all its essential features a bicy
cle, with wheels, gearing, sprocket wheel
and all complete. It is intended solely for
submarine use. It is painted with a water
proof composition which prevents rust.
The machine itself consists of the regu
lation shaped bicycle frame, two wheels,
the usual running pear, with some addi
tions, and two cylinders. These C3-linders
are really the secret of the whole machine
and its ability to travel below the ocean.
They are about eight feet long and nine
inches in diameter through the center.
Their construction is a bit peculiar in that
while they are constructed of copper they
are balanced with several hundreds of
pounds of lead fastened to the underside.
This is done so that when beneath the sur
face the cylinders will maintain their
proper position. The cylinders are filled
with air and serve to keep the submarine
bicycle at the desired depth.
It is by means of these same cylinders
that the machine is raised or lowered at
the will of the rider. On the forward side
of each cylinder is an automatic valve
which is controlled by the rider by means
of a wire running from the valve to the
hundle bar of the machine. This valve
opens into two narrow compartments run
ning the length of the cylinder and which
are kept closed by the outside pressure of
the water.
When it is desired to send the machine
to any deptnihe rider pulls the wire con
necting with the valve, and the inrushing
water causes the machine to gradually
sink below the surface. When the desired
depth has been reached the wire is re
leased, the valve closes and the machine
remains stationary, not between heaven
and earth, but between the surface and
the bottom of the ocean.
Connecting the two cylinders are two hol
low metal rods which serve the double pur
pose of connecting the air-filled cylinders
and acting as axles for the two wheels of
the bicycle. The rims of the wheels pro
ject above and below the cylinders. These
wheels have the customary spokes, inter
woven as usual, but the rim is entirely
different from that of the land machine.
In place of big pneumatic thes the out
side of the rims of these wheels are fitted
with cogs. These coes fit into the cogs
of two much smaller wheels which work
on a rod running close beside the wheels,
on the opposite side from the running
gear. These cog-wheels are cone-shaped
and firmly fixed to the rod, at the rear
end ot which is a propeller.
The pedals of the submarine bicycle are
fixed in exactly the same manner as an
ordinary machine, the only unusual ap
pearance being tnat instead of one ma
chine there are two— one connecting with
the front and the other with tne rear
wheel. In order to operate these two
chains the sprocket wheel is double.
As the pedals are worked by the rider
both wheels revolve at the same time
and, working upon the small, cone
shaped cog-wheels on the bar, cause the
propeller to revolve, and so give motion to
this most unique of all vehicles.
The rider sits somewhat higher on the
submarine bicycle than on the ordinary
machine, and the external appearance of
the submarine rider is rather uncanny.
As riding under water in an ordinary
bicycle suit might be somewhat uncom
fortable, a light form of diving suit, helmet
and all. has been devised for the use of
the submarine rider. The helmet is
somewhat lighter than that used by the
professional diver, but the arrangement is
exactly the same. The rest of the suit Is
in no way different.
Directly beneath the seat of the subma
rince bicycle is an oblong metal box or
chest which is divided into two equal parts.
The larger division is used for the storage
of compressed air, while in the leaser divi
sion is a valve chest. A small driving-rod
connects with the rear wheel of the ma
chine, and when the rider does not care to
operate the submarine bicycle in the
usual manner by means of the pedals the
in the State apartments, by the simple
process of taking out a long pipe, and,
after it had been filled by his secretary,
smoking it. King Leopold, though, we
doubt not, a good deal astonished, rose
to the occasion admirably. He at once
caused cigarettes to be handed round,
with the result that Li Hune Cbani; soon
found his position no longer one of
"splendid isolation."
pressure of a spring set in the forkhandle
opens a valve in the compressed-air cham
ber and the wheels are set in motion.
Fixed in the forward part of the ma
chine is an air gauge which has two dials,
one indicating the amount of air in the
cylinders and the other the pressure of the
compressed air in the chest beneath the
seat.
The method of steering the submarine
bicycle is rather odd. There is no rudder
nor any provision lor one, but when be
neath the surface the machine is so evenly
balanced that the leaning of the rider to
one side or the other cause-* it to change
its plane, and consequently us course.
When it is desired to rise to the surface
water is forced* from the chambers within
the cylinders and the submarine bicycle
and its rider slowly rises to the domain of
light and air.
It is surely a novel way to seek pleasure
in a bicycle beneath the water's surface,
but that it can be a genuine pleasure will
become plain to any one who w\ll take
sufficient time to give the matter a little
study. For instance, what would be more
pleasant on a hot summer day than to go
down to some resort on a submarine
bicycle at whattver distance from the sur
face the rider may desire. Of course,
there will be some difficulty at first steer
ing a proper course, but genius always
solves sucn problems as that, whether on
land or water. It would only be a ques
tion of a short time until charts of the
underwater route to adjacent summer re
sorts would be on sale.
Again, how pleasant it would be con
struct a sextuplet submarine bicycle, equip
it with a good-sized storage battery, prop
erly protected, and thus have an ample
source for a brilliant electric light, that
would enable three couples to go bike
riding under water, instead of taking
moonlight rides on the surface. The elec
tric liznt would also guard against any
collision that might otherwise take place.
The accompanying illustration shows
the bicycle just as it will appear when
ridden by a submarine diver. The illus
tration also shows how easy it will be
with the new machine for a diver to circu
late about a wreck and ascertain its exact
position without having to go crawling
about slimy decks and run the risk of
breaking nis air-tube by getting it twisted
with the tangled rigging. It is. a natural
supposition that if society takes to the
sub-marine bicycle there will be new
styles in diving armor, and that this will
furnish a new line of business for the pur
veyors who cater to the devotees of
fashiou.
Inventor Plass is enthusiastic over this,
the latest child of his brain. "Why, 1 '
said he, "it is a wonder to me that no one
ever thought of this machine before. You
see, if a bicycle can go- on top of the water
what is there to prevent the construction
of one that can be' ridden under water.
The principle is just the same as that of
the boat. We have boats that ride on top
of the water, and the United States Gov
ernment has just built a boat that will
travel about underneath the surface. It
was the knowledge of all these plans that
set me to thinking about ihe idea winch
has ied to the invention of the submarine
bicycle.
"While I thought first of the machine
being of great use to the diver it has
seemed to me > that there was no reason
why it should not be popular with people
generally. 1 don't have any idea that it
will be neces>ary for the rider of this
wheel to wear heavy armor like the diver
dots. I know, of course, that it takes
something pretty strone to resist the
water, but it ia my observation that these
days, when anything new is wanted,
somebody always manages to get it up.
So I put this submarine bicycle into prac
tical shape. Of course I'm proud of it,
but I truly believe that it is going to be
come a popular and everyday method of
amusement.
"I'm hurrying the construction as rap
idly as possible, but have been put to un
avoidable delay by the difficulty of secur
ing some parts. They are not made by
the regular bicycle manufacturers, so I
have had to have them built to order. In
a few weeks I hope to have the submarine
bicycle ready for a test. Clad in a flannel
lined diving-suit the cold will not be felt."
Unique JVUn-of-War T^at
Runs on Trolley Lines
TKe Fully Equipped JMiniature White
Gnjiser or\ Wheels JKat Is JNlamed
/Ifter the President-liect
A strange crait is likely to invade the
leading towns and cities of the United
States within the n?xt few months. The
people of Pniladelphia, New York, Chi
cago, Cincinnati, St. Louis and Pittsburg.
and even San Francisco need not be at all
surprised if they see, some fine niomint:,
a big cruiser plowing through the air,
down the principal street. It will be the
trolley man-of-war that furnishes this
strange sight, one of the most unique ob
jects that was ever put on wheels.
This pioneer of all land cralt is not. to be
despised when it comes to a question of
force. Dainty "barkers" peep out through
her portholes, prototypes of the smiling
faces that gleam from the sides of the flag
ship New York. This trolley man-of-war,
or white cruiser on wkeels, has been dig
nifiea with the narae of the next Presi
dent, Mr. McKinley. While her mission
is not that of protection so far, she is
quite likely to exercise a rather patriotic
influence among at least the younger gen
eration in the days that are to come.
It is designed to run ou electric roads of
standard cauge, and as all electric roads
are of that gauge, it ia very likely the
queercraft will have many imitations be
fore iong. She is in appearance a minia
ture, to great extent, ot the big cruisers
that have followed Admiral Bunco's flaa
for so many months. Her superstructure
Is paintt-d green, her hull and sponsons
white, her guns and ironwork biack. She
carries 100 men, officers and crew, and i^
37 feet long, 9 feet wide, 12 feet hijrh. The
lines on which she was constructed were
taken from the model of the battle-ship
Brooklyn by Naval Architect Henry P.
Lapointe.
Originally the McKinley was a flatcar,
and she was extended fore and aft so that
finally her length from stem to stern was
37 feet. She had a double row of port
holes on each side, and as she advances
toward yoa you see the sullen counte
nance of two grim six-pounders, while
peeping from the tiny turret on the gun
deck is a ferocious-looking 18-pounder.
! The quarterdeck is rather small. In fact,
j the officer of tne day has hard work to
i make his rounds, owing to the confusion
j that numbers always occasion. Another
odd feature is that Jack Tar and his offi
cers are on the best of terms and ail hands
mess in the wardroom.
MAN-OF-WAR TROLLEY-CAR.
Here is the gallant complement of the
trolley man-of-war : Captain, Major
Charles K. Darling; lieutenant-com
mander and executive ofnc r, Walter L.
Emory; adjutant, W. P. Hall; paymaster,
E. E. Dennett; surgron. Dr. Sawyer;
equipment officer, W. W. Lapointe; navi
gator, H. E. Jennison; chief engineer,
Kendall F. Crocker; lieutenant of marines,
Walter Hardy; second lieutenant of ma
rines, L. A. Scannell; captain first com
pany of tars, W. K. Jewett; lieutenant, H.
K. Bennett; captain and lieutenant of
second company of tars, Messrs. Dillon
and Page; drum major, Judge Charles H.
Blood. They are a^i among the leading
business and professional men of Fitch
burg, Mass. •
What would a man-of-war be without
lifeboats? Though the McKinley is small,
she is fully equipped, and two staunch
jolly-boats dang to the davits just abaft
and en either side of the bridge, while a
dingy graces the stern. All are kept fully
provisioned and ready for immediate use
in case the anchor chains should become
tog-led and all rands be required to splice
the main brace.
If it should become necessary at any
time to cast anchor the requisite apparatus
is at hand and its Makes will be sure to
catch in some convenient paving stone. In
fact, the McKinley compares favorably
with almost any war vessel except in size,
construction and equipment. The hull is
of the finest quality of duck. The smoke
stacks are genuine", however, and if it is
desired to create a sensation red fire can
be burned in them. The interior of the
cruiser is by no means commodious, but
atones in point of luxury for what it lacks
in the matter of size.
Naturally in a boat 37 reet long, 9 feet
wide and 12 feet high there are not accom
modations for either officers or crew, that
is, so far as the interior of tne hull is con
cerned. So there has been a compromise
on board the McKinley, and the space be
low decks from stem to k.elson is devoted
to culinary and gastronomic purposes.
For the McKinley has a cook. Uke the
mariner of sons, he is just now "the coot
and the captain bold and the mate of the
Nancy brig; the bos'n tieht and the mid
shipmite, and the crew of the captain's
gig," for the McKinley lies at anchor in
the shops of the Fitchburg and Leominster
Btreet Railway Company at Fitchburg
Mass-
This trolley man-of-war is really the
pioneer in an entirely new feature of trol
ley, or rather electric railroad. For,
though built for the dual purpose of pleas
ure and demonstrating the practicability
of a unique idea, it has really become a
valuable suggestion. It depends upon no
trolley wire for its motive power, for it is
equipped with two 30-horsepower electric
motors and a Bemis tructt. Thus wnila
nominally it is supposed to operate solely
on electric roads, it can in reality be taken
over almost any sort of a railroad of the
right gauge, as it drives its own wheels.
It demonstrates the fact that it is pos
sible to construct a car for operation on
street railroads in cities that would be of
infinite use In case ol riot. It is not beyond
the range of the ability of modern
mechanics to build a car that would be
bullet-proof and really constitute a travel
ing fort. It would be possible to carry on
such a car several pieces of artillery, or,
better still, equip it with the light guns
that are used in the navy, the recoil of
which would not be sufficient to damage
the iort on wheels In any way.
Indeed, it is believed that a car con
structed on the same model as the Mc-
Kinley, only of course of substantial
material, would form a very effective pro
tection for a company of men whom it was
necessary to move from one part of the
city to another. Certainly it would be
very much easier to transport guns and
men in this fashion in case of riot than in
the ordinary way, and it ia also true that
movements could be made from one point
to another with far greater celerity-
Therefore it is plain to be seen that the
McKinley is really the representative of
an idea of exceeding v practicability. It is
certainly a fact that a trolley man-of-war
like her, made of the real stuff and carry
ing her equipment — lour nuns in sponsoos
and two in the deck turret — would be a
rather formidable engine of war.
The accompanying illustrations give a
very excellent idea of the appearance of
\he McKinley, although they do not show
her at her very best, because it is impos
sible for even the advanced art of the
photographer to secure the transmission
from life to paper of anything that breathes
so pronounced a spirit a3 the McKinley.
She is really much more of an affair than
she looks to be, and to see her quietly
gliding down the street, with colors flying,
the captain on the bridge, and the dark
mouths of the guns frowning silently
front, sides and rear, gives one the im
pression that surely things are seldom
what they seem.
Another Lightning Calculator.
S. Harry Crawford, who lives at Harrow
on-the-Hiil, recently declared his ability
to recite from memory after hearing them
once read out to him a series of twenty
totals of six figures each. Accordingly,
says the Westminister Gazette, we wrote
down this formidable array of figures
while he sat with his back to the tabie.
Then he requested that five more should
be added, which were to be regarded as
outside the bargain, but a creditable work
of supererogation if he succeeded in re
citing all twenty-five. Then his wife, who
accompanied him, read out the figures
distinctly and slowly, but consecutively.
Mr. Crawford explained that what he
chiefly required in reading was an even
and uniform pace, whicn — crede experto —
is not at all an easy thing to achieve. All
the figures having finally been read out,
Mr. Crawford braced himself to his task,
and rehearsed them fluently and without
a single mistake down to the last two
digits of the twentieth line. Here ha sub
stituted 543,245 for 543,216. Proceeding
then to the next he recited all
these without an error. We then asked
him at random to give us the fifth, sixth
or*ny of the series, and he not only did
this but recited them backward or forward
at pleasure. With the exception of the
two erring digits in the twentieth line,
the whole series seemed to be correctly
photographed in his memory.
The next experiment consisted in ar
ranging at random twenty cards out of an
ordinary pack and calling them out in the
same manner. These also were recited in
order without a mistake. Finally Mr.
Crawford offered to do three sums in quick
succession and the square and the cube of
any number up to 100, and the subtraction
of any series of twelve figures fromtany
other. We wrote down any that occurred
to us, and before two members of the staff
of the Westminster Gazette had worked
them out on paper Mr. Crawford had done
ail three in bis head. Then we returned
to the first series of figures, and Mr. Craw
ford gave us any that we selected, either
backward or forward. We have only to
add that in our opinion no kind of collu
sion or deception was possible, and that
the British calculator seemed to have
earned his right to have his talents re
corded.
A dctor in the Highlands of Scotland,
whose patients are scattered over a wide
district, takes carrier pigeons with him on
his rounds and sends his prescriptions by
them to the apothecary. He lea^as pigeons,
too, with distant families to be let looea
when his services are needed.
2324
IN
CHILDHOOD'S
PEALM
Joy Ca^>Yr\ ( "a-
Our forefathers gave thanks to God
In the land of the stormy sea,
For bread hard wrung from the iron sod
In cold a d misery. _
Though every day meant toll and strife,
In the lane, by the stormy sea, .
They thanked their God for the gift of life-
How much the more should we!
Stern frost nad they,' full many a day
Strong ice on the stormy sea,
Long months of snow, gray clouds hung low,
And a cold wind endlessly;
Winter, and war with an alien race,
£-. But they were alive and free!
And they thanked their God for his good
grace —
How much the more should we!
For we have a land all sunny with gold, •
A land by a summer sea;
Gold in the earth for our hands to hold,
Gold in blossom and tree;
Comfort and plenty and beauty and peace
From the mountains down to the sea!
They thanked their G( d for a year's increase-
How much the more should we!
Charlotte Perkins Stetson.
♦
"What elorious times fo.ks used to have
at Thanksgiv ng!"
"Yes, and I wish it would snow here so
we might have sleighing!"
"Oh, so do I! and that our mothers
would bake roouies for days and days be
forehand and load the pantry shelves with
mince pies and doughnuts and tarts and
everything nice!"
"Ye?, and have great bie barns filled
with fragrant hay piles, of golden pump
kins on the floor and the bins overflowing
with ro.>-y apples!"
"Don't forget the attics, girls, hun«.
with strings of sweet-smelling berbs and
trunks packed full of lovely brocaded
gowns, exquisite fans and soft furs! sure
to be overhauled at Thanksgiving time!"
"And the kitchens, with lheir immense
fireplaces in -which great logs blazed and
crackled 1"
"Oh, dear, it's just like a fairy tale; but
we can't have any fun here at all I"
The above conversation was indulged in
by a group of young girls under my win
dow the other day. What do you think
of it? Can you imagine any one not being
happy this glorious Thanksgiving season
here under California's blue, blue sties,
surrounded by gre<jn fields and fraerant
flowers, the markets full of rarest fruits
and most crisp of vegetables all sure of
the dear old-fashioned turkey dinner, too?
I'm sure all my boys and girls, mem
bers of C. E. C, are thankful for their
homes on California's ' sunny shores,
thankful for the love that surrounds them,
for their health, for their power to enjoy,
thankful just to be alive.
I also feel certain that not one of you
will sit down to your own Thanksgiving
feast without having first helped some one
who is less fortunate than yourself to
enjoy this beautiful holiday season.
♦ • . ■■
Mi» 7 \Kfflo ( ns &( 'W-
By Laura Garland Cake.
Old Farmer Humpkins gathered his pumpkins
Into a heap by the banks of a river.
Chanticleer Dorkin tha way was stalking
Like a drum- major, with piumes ail a-quiver.
Through corn-stalk thickets, scaring the crickets,
Twenty fine biddies were following after;
Scratching discreetly, picking bugs n«a ly,
While all the chickadees tittered with laughter.
Lofty steps taking, red crest a-shnklnjj.
Tail-feather pennons b< hind him a-Uylng,
Chanticleer Dorking camp in hi? walking
Where, by theriver. the pumD^ins were lying.
"Ho!" said he, swelling, -this is worth telling!
Nothing more grand has bee- mentioned in story.
You must agrt-e, dears, no bird but me. d- ars,
E'er had a golden hrone rai-td to bis glory !"
Each hen and chicken paused In its picking.
Watching their chief while lit- made his ascension,
Saw bis neck curving, saw his form swerving,
While his broad wings flapped a call for attention.
One note was soun 'ed— all stood astounded:
Every bright pumpkin was taking to motion! '
Slipping and sliding, rolllne and nil sing.
Chanticleer flopping in wildest emotion 1
With a qulcic totter Into the water
One pumpkin rolled with old Chantie on top It !
Bobbing and lipping, plunging and dipping,
J.'ewnwara it floated with no one to stop It !
" Cut, exit, ca-dah-cut ! Cut, cut, eatiah-cut."'
Old hens and kens were shrieking together;
Helplessly staring, clinging, despairing.
Chantie sailed off in the bright autumn weather.
By the stone ridges, where the old bridge is,
Two ragged ur bins their chlpboais were sailing,
When, round the corner, sad with dishonor, ..
Chant and his pumpkin-boat came within bail
6.3g^W
One cried, "A steamer! wlih smokestack and
streamer!
No— as 1 live, 'ils a rooster ont boating!
A Thankscivlng dinner! I'll be the winner!
Isn't it jolly when chicitens go Doming J"
Bare feet went plashing, long sticks went splash
ing.
Minnows went darting In wild consternation!
Twlrlini; and slipping, araggUd and dripping,
Wssel and carjo were brought to a station!
"Here he is! lake him! mother wil' ba c bim!
I'l: get the pi ropkiii and come along afi«r!"
Home they went proudly, Cham crying loudly,
Wuile all the chickadees tittered wiih laughter.
Pvoa/j t^anlcj&w ( 'n£.
It was three days before Thanksgiving,
and Prudy sat on the s;et>s counting the
turkeys. There were thirteen, and twelve
of them were to be sold ihat af.ernoun and
the other was to be cooked for their
Thanksgiving dinner.
"What a shame, 1 ' thought Prudy, "to
kill a turkey to pat," and she went up to
the turkey and hugged it.
Prudy was a little girl who lived near
Los Angeles with her aunt, who was very
cres s to her.
"Prudy," said her aunt oneday, "I want
you to go over to Mi«s< B own's and get
some sugar for me. Now, be quick and
don't play on the way." Prud/ got the
sugar, returned home and was sent to bed,
although the sun was high in the sky.
Prudy lay thinking lor a while, when all
at once she thought: "Why, it will be
Thanksgiving day after to-morrow. Poor
turkey ! I know what I will do; I will go
out and tell the turkey that he will be
killed or our Thanksgiving dinner." She
dressed quickly and went to ttie chicken
house. Sue opened tiie door and looked
in. All wa-i dark, and she coulJ just see
the outline of the turkey. She weni np to
it and whispered, "You are going to be
killed to-morrow." She hurried out, and
I resently it came across her mind that
she had left her coat in the barn. She
knew her aunt wou d punish her if
she knew what she had done, so she ran
out to the barn again. In the distance
she could see the gleaming eyes of the rats
and mice. She climbed up in the loft and
stretched out her hand for her coat, when
she heard voices in the barn below. Sue
tried to listen, but could not hear, and she
was so tired that she fell a>leep on the
hay. She dreamed that the turkey ran
away, and was thus saveJ from losing his
head. About 1 o'clock in the morning she
awoke with a start, rubbed her eye-! and
hurried to her room, where she was soon
soundly asleep in her own bed.
In the morning when she went down
stairs he' aunt said: "Prue, did you see
the turkey this morning? It is cone."
And Prudy answered, "No, ma'am."
She washed the dishes, and then her aunt
sent her to the barn to hunt eggs. There
Bhe saw a hen standing on a Darrel, but
she found only four eggs. Just then she
heard her aunt say : "Ye% there were
thirteen turkey*, and 1 sold them all but
one. I kept the thirteenth one -the un
lucky one, and now it Is gone."
"I wonder," said Prudy to herself, "if
It went because I told it that it would be
killed." Prue was kept busy all that day
and her aunt was very cross.
"When you have finished picking those
raisins turn the li ht low and go to bed,"
her aunt said. "I am going over to see a
neiehbor. When you go upstairs take
these herbs to the attic."
Prudy was only a little girl, so no won
der she was afiaid to be in the house
alone; and then she haJ to go up to the
attic, where she was afrai 1 to go even in
the daytime. She took the herbs, lighted
the candle and walked up the stairs. She
could see her shadow on the wail and the
squeaking of the stairs made her nervous.
She opened the door of the attic a little
way, but she quickly jumped back, for in
the dark she could tee a pair of eyes
gleaming. She aropped the candle and
flew down the stairs. Just then "her aunt
came in.
"I told you to go to-bed, child. What's
the matter with you? You look like a
ghost."
Prudy told her aunt what had happened
and she took the poker and climbed the
stairs. She threw open the door and
loosed in, and io and behold, the lost tur
key came toward her. It had watched its
chance and had followed Prudy upstairs
the night she had gone oui to the barn.
"I wonder," said her aunt, "how that
turkey got up here. I will kill it to
morrow and we will have it for dinner."
Just as her aunt had said, the poor tur
key was killed and they had it for their
dinner, with cranberry sauce, mince pies
and all the other good things that ,jo with
a Thanksgivine feast.
Prudy did not eat any of the turkey,
and her aunt asked her what the matter
was.
Prudy asked her aunt "if it was not
wrong to kill a turkey to eat."
Her aunt's heart was touched and she
told Prudy that God had said that we
should use poultry for food.
Then Prudy ate some of the turkey and
it tastea so pood that she thought she had
never had a happier time in her little life
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896.
and she clasped her bands with joy. That
night her aunt pressed a kiss on Prudy'a
rosy lips. Grace Parsons.
Joe LatW-WVte
/Wlc
By JHelen. Z. J-lur\tir\gtor\
[from golden days.]
[Continued from last Sunday.]
"One night, in the midst of a howling
fLeniptinp , tanilalmnp odors r\s^
1 ■/. On The air, ivfE^H/ //
"T-fappv bustle ana confusion SBc* 2^Kulss\TL v/ h
3/1 , where' , w P^gM^l)^ j^ A
JbA\ til Uncb.Qunts .antf Tousms "^^Z^^X^^my
Tor and rxar?Fp rrifffF F *i|l™z
Row in merry proups ornvino . I L VMI U iAViW 1^
/S^ &Qi 7 here . 5///
_ l^>ilh arxf kincfrecf sfroffirg down "the -*&*a||j ! ' sf/
• V ° <§nowy ways, 'i' 1 •>J/y
\ inpmp m tiz church Together' (* /
"N 9--^ c "Hymns cf praise , f~*\ /
*{£& /goodies , then , til even the children I A^P^K
.'V ' n the hallway offer dinner* , & • ' fllJ^fy&
*v* C\j dSm' * m- 3' n , c f nQrj ' s rßuff ♦ -MWm^^y^
A > \v^S /\(©)acar?t rooms wiifr .sunshine, .flooded fa/wTf
L>sizr s^\ kiT**^ . ©list To-day , \-/%-'i {
V^r 1 ya 71700^ deuphl and laughter to ' v .
1 rf^^^-fc^xllt®^ ? jßlitne ancf pay , V
LJlf lln <^?!r TV* Q heart but becab the quicker-, .. \/3M&
I 1 1 I* ( '■' 6 XxJarma* here jL^ki*
\ij|* II 6 }/sr~\ /{T^loJ orxf praMui nod "this day^ of »S?\
a ** 1?^ >/^^§> r vou T3eea 1b have me M
' / 3t^fe=^ Apples -cide? -chickens -Turkeys - *
x^^ — > 7> _^ <§/ V galore.
<^-<&t~%o^ x*******^ 9 squash and mtnce ancf.Cfi^.vou
storm of rain and sleet, some one knocked
loudly at our cabin door, and as I opened
it two women stepped in, drenched to the
-cm. They asked shelter for the ni ht,
whi( h mothercheerfully eranted on see
m; the r sorry plight. While we boys re
plenished the fire mother spread their
dripping garments to dry and prepared a
simple meal for their refre hment.
"They had strange, ro'igh faces and
gaunt figures. The younger was very tall
tnd thin, with hard, sharp features, dark,
A-eather-beaten complexion and wi-ps of
straight black hair straggling over her
forehead. The eider had a deep scar
across her sunken ch»-ek. and was, if pos
sible, of more'uncomely appearance.
" 'It is very wet weather,' she remarked,
in a voice that suited such a physique. 'I
worn i not have started out in such a storm,
only I've got a sick daughter at BrambJe
ton, seven miles below here — Mrs. Bently
she is. Do yon know her?'
"Mother replied that as distances were
so great between the squatters' houses she
rarely visited her neighbors, and therefore
had not met Mrs. Bently.
"Dot appeared at the kitchen door in
wide-eyed wonder while they were talking.
The elder woman stopped in the midst of
a lengthy explanation and smiled at the
pretty child.
"'Come here,' she coaxed, but Dot
shrank back in affright.
" 'Afraid, ain't you? What makes folks
afraid of us, Nancy?' she asked, in rough
jest.
Her daughter made no answer, but
smiled a forced, unlovely smile.
•" 'When you are thoroughly dry and
warm I'll show you your room,' mother
said, as they pushed away their empty
coffee cups.
"And with that she took them to Joe's
vacant room in the rear of the cabin.
"'I don't like them,' said Harry, as
soon as they were well out of hearing, 'and
1 don't believe mother does. What do
yon say, Peter? Do you think they came
here for any good purpose?'
"'Pshaw! a couple of women,' I an
swered, in fine scorn. 'What could they
do?'
■ 'They could look around and make
their plans, anyhow. What is that?' he
claimed, suddenly btarting up. 'Some ont
tapped at the window.'
" 'Who's there?' I called, loudly.
"•Joe, 1 came the reply, barely audible
throueh the fierce howl of the tempest.
"I opened the door in trembling haste.
With a joyfm shout Dot sprang into Joe's
arms, ail drenched as he was, and he
stooped to caress her, holding her at arm'
lencth from his wet coat.
'■When he looked up his bright, dark
eyes were moist with tears.
"We would have called mother, but he
put a warnmg hand to his lips.
" 'Wait,' he said. 'You have company,
haven't you?'
"Mother was much surprised when she
saw him and welcomed bim warmly.
"'Just let me stay for to-night?' he
asked, humbly. 'I'll steep anvwhere —
right here before the kitchen fire? May
I?'
'"Of course you may, Joe. You are al
ways welcome at our hearth."
"He came directiy from the mines he
said. While he sat drying his clothing it
occurred to me that he might have heard
of the latest and most valuable acquisition
to our gold dust treasure.
"I was distrustful of him, especially as
he had so cautiously avoided been seen or
heard by our guests of the night Evi
dently he had watched his opportunity to
come in unobserved. 1 determined to
watch his movements closely, and. If my
fears came true, arouse mother only, for
she was a brave woman — braver, I think,
than many a strong man.
"With such thoughts I went to bed.
Soon all was still. I heard the clock strike
ten, and with tbe last stroke Harry's reg
ular breathing lengthened into a cheerful
snore. But I grew more and more wake
ful as a possible outline of Joe's plans
passed through my brain. He knew his
way about the house perfectly. It would
be an easy matter to help himself to as
much . old as he could conveniently carry
about his person, and leave by the kitchen
door without making the slichte-t noise.
I grew restless and nervous and fancied I
heard stealthy footsteps through the roar
of the tempest.
"Finally I rose, dressed, and slipped
into the narrow hall leading past my
®> JVro/flic •
mother's room to the kitchen. At the
door I paused, and hearing no souna
within, my curiosity prompted me to do
what I s oulu be ashamed to tell you of
even now— to stoop and look through the
kevbole.
"What I saw proved to me tnat my fears
were not groundless, for Joe knelt before
the faintly glowing embers examining a
pair of pistols that gleamed in the flicker
ing light like silver. My heart gave a
great, painful bound of fear, then stopped
beating so long that I felt as if I should
choke.
"My first impulse was to go back and
rouse mother; but while I was thinking
of it he rose and with the soft, catlike
tread Deculiar to his race crossed the
room to the very door before which I
knelt.
"I shrunk back against the wall, and
waited until he came out and passed me
silently as a shadow; but before I could
move with safety he was back and had
closed the door after him. I saw him
move the little table which concealed the
trapdoor of the cellar, and finding it
locked, replace it carefully.
" I then conceived the idea of taking
b'm prisoner in the cellar when he de
scended; but it was not yet time for me
to appear. Evidently he was not jet quite
ready to begin operations, for he went
about his operations in ghostly quiet. He
darkened the room by smothering the em
bers with asties and closing ali the drafts
of the stove, then withdrew into the
shadow beyond my narrow range of ob
servation.
"I could not explain to myself his rea
son for so doing, unless he* was waiting
for an accomplice. But just then some
thing stirred in the hall behind me, and
that mysterious, nameless intuition we all
possess told me that some living creature
was approaching.
' No use making a fuss if you don't
have to,' a husky voice whispered, close
beside me.
''Hush!' came the answer, in a gruff
undertone, which I recognized immedi
ately a* belonging to the eider woman.
"They brushed past me and tiptoed into
the kitchen, bolting the door after them.
' 'The whole thing is as easy as rolling
off a log,' oue of them said with a coarse
laugh. 'By Jimmy! it's the easiest job
I've had hold of for a yearl'
"She flashed a dark lantern on the trap
door and knelt down to open it. Tbe lock
broke under her powerful wrench as if it
had been made ol glass instead of wrought
iron.
" 'Hold the light till I get down,' she
said, handing it tor her companion as she
began to descend the cellar steps, and soon
disappearing from view.
"The other woman leaned very far over as
sh«» peered after her companion, and at that
moment a slender figure bounded out of
tne gloom with a single catlike 1 ap and
pushed her head first into the cellar; then
quickly closing the trapdoor planted his
weight firmly on it.
"That aroused me. 'Open the door!' I
cried excitedly. 'It is I—Peter!" It was
the work of an instant, but even that in
strnt's delay was perilous— for no sooner
had we reached tbe door than a hand
tried to pusn it open, but oar united
weight made all effort vain.
"There was no possibility of escape.
The cellar was deep; the masonry about
it was built thick enough to keep out the
bitter cold of a Colorado winter. Little
good the gold would do them while we
held them captive in that prison.
"Well, children, I will never forget that
night. It had the exciting flavor of ad
venture that fares the blood to fever heat.
I think at first I imagined that I had had
a hand in tue capture, but when ail was
over I realized that all the glory belonged
to Joe.
"Mother rose on hearing us, and stayed
with us till early dawn, then sent me to
the mines after father, and on our way
home we stopped in the village for two
officers of the lav.
"Dnder the circumstances, nothing
could b ■ done with the prisoners. We
had every reason to believe they were
armed to the teeth, and to try to go down
to them meant cenain death. The officers
carried on a conversation with them, but
they refused to surrender tindar any con
dition. So there was notliiijc to do but to
starve them out, much as mother objected
to such very cruel measures.
"In the meantime, Joe told us what he
knew of them. They were, of course, dis
guised men. They had worked in the
mines a sufficient length of time to find
out what they wanted to know. Joe had
overheard enough of a conversation to
understand their plans, and when they
started out on their evil errand that night
he followed. The rest you know.
"One wtaole day passed without a word
from the prisoners, but on the third morn
ing one of them admitted his willingness
to corns out, and the trapdoor was opened.
"The officers stood well bacK out of range
of a possible shot, and as the haggard face
of the elder man appeared leveled their
revolvers squarely at him.
"Throw up your arms!" they com
manded.
"He did so. The younger man followed
without hesitation.
" 'Kacine and Wells!" the officer ex
claimed, looking them over sharply.
' Joe,' he said, addressing our pood Indian
friend, after the prisoners were secured,
'there is a Government reward out for the
capture of Racine — five hundred dollars.
"It's yours, my boy; you've earned it
well.' "
"Is that all?" Ned asked, drawing a
deep breatn of expectation as Uncle Peter
paused.
"What became of Joe?" Julian ques
tioned.
"He continued to work for father at the
mines until the? were abandoned, a year
later, waen Joe went to a school in a little
settlement twenty miles up the river. Wo
saw him as often as be could make the
long, hard trip to our home, until trouble
came up between the Blackfcot Indians
and the settlers, when we left Coloraio
and lost track of him. I have not forgot
ten him. Sometimes I think I'll rceet
aim in my travels out West."
"And where is Dot?" Cicely asked.
"All the world mny change, 1 ' Uncle Pe
ter answered, "but Dot will not. She will
always be our little, golden-haired, brijtht
eyed girl of six, for she died in Colorado
more than twenty years ago. Joe used to
put fresh flowers on her grave every time
ne came to see ns after she died, for he
loved her deeply: and I know if he stiil
lives in Colorado he sometimes visits the
little green mound at the foot of Sandy
Mountain."
/iojf('tal Joi i^u^lj.
Harper's Hound Table tells its readers
something about a hospital for wild and
tame oeasts.
A great deal of the hospital's most in
teresting practice is amonc the animals
kept in the Zoological Gardens or in
traveling shows. An old circus lion was
brought here not long ago to have hi 3
ulcerated tooth pulled. Now, if the
toothache makes you feel as "cross as a
bear," how cross does the toothache make
a live lion feel?
To tell the truth, no one at the hospital
wanted to know bow cross that lion did
feel — they thought it was a case in which
it would be fDliy to be wise. The first
thins to be done was to drop nooses of
rope on the floor of his cage, and then
draw them up when he put his foot in
one— he knew he had "put his foot in it"
when he found himself snared — and so,
step by step, get him bound helpless. If
you will think how particuiany hard it is
to tie up a cat, you may guess that it is no
joke to make a lion fast; he is just like a
stupendous cat in his agility and shpperi
ness. The only way to render him Help
less is to get bis hind quarters tied up
outside his cage, and his head bound fast
within it; the next thing, for denial work,
is to put a gag in hia mouth; that is the
easier because there is no trouble at all
about getting him to open his mouth— he
does it every time any one goes near him.
When they have these beasts of the
jungle at tne hospital their keepers have
to stay with them; but even then they
can't always prevent mi.-chie'. A baby
elephant from a big circus was about the
most disorderly patient they ever had
there, though, in spite of her naugh.iness,
she became quite 8 pet with everybody
about, bhe had a cold and the sniffles
when she came, and was subdued and
patient, just like some children wiien they
are sick; but as she got better she almost
pulled the whole place down in her efforts
to get something to play with. She
readied out of her stall and took a large
office clock off the wall. No one had sup
posed she could reach it, and she had
broken it to what her keeper called
smithereens before he could stop her. If
she could find a crack anywhere, destruc
tion began; if it was in the plaster, the
plaster was ripped off; if between boards,
up came a board.
But the baby was not so likely as some
of her grown-up relatives to Knock down
the side of the house and walk out, which
is an occurrence always possible when you
have an elephant come to see you.
Elephants are poor sailors; they get
dreadfully seasick, and often when they
are just landed they are brought to the
hospital to recuperate. Gin is th ■ great
remedy in that case; they particularly
love gin, and all their medicine is usually
given to them in gin.
When medicine cannot be given dis
guised in drink or food, it is usually
squeezed down the patient's throat with a
syr.nge. The horses are very good about
that operation, but the dogs are often
troublesome at first; but both dogs and
horses soon learn thai they are with
friends, and then they are wonderfully
good and grateful even when the doctors
have to hurt them.
Arv Incipient Humorist.
Tommy — Mamie, do you know why this dog
is "ike me?
Mamie — Because he is a little puppy?
Tommy— No; he's got short pants.— Texas
Sittings.
PenrWe.
Does homesickness tend to induce a
philosophical view of things? Not In
most cases, but perhaps there are excep
tions.
A youngster was sent to a boarding
school ana did not much fancy the change,
says Tit- Bits. On the second or third day
he wrote home thus:
Dear Father: Life is very short. Let us
spend it together. Your affectionate son,
Christopher.
$franiys ( 'vois <|><>njVne
Cheery hearts and smiling faces,
Gentle speech and ways,
Make a cloudy, dull Thanksgiving
Sunniest of days.
THE LETTER
BOX
San Francisco, Nov. 14, 1896.
Dear Editor: Thia is my first letter to The
Call. I like to go to school. - lam 8 years old.
Hive at 828 Howard street I read my book]
••Beauty and the Beast." 1 like story-books'
I am anxious to read the paper. Yours re
spectmlly, • Adolph Jericham.
Oakland, Nov. 6, 1896.
Dear Editor: lam a little boy, 11 years old
My mamma takes The Call, and we like it
very much. I read the cl.iidren's page every
Sunday morning, and 1 feel interested in it; so
I thought I would write you a letter. I hope
you will publish it. I shall close for to-day.
Your new friend, L eo Mayer.
City, Nov. 11, 1896.
Dear Editor: lam a little girl, 11 yours old
and lam in the fourth gra'le in the St. Boni
face School. I have a little pup, which I have
named Prince. He is very fond of me. My
uncle has taken The Call for the last seven
years. I rend the children's page every Sun
day. Now 1 will close my letter, and remain,
your everlasting reader, Louisa Bruckner.
Dear Editor: I take pleasure in reaflingryour
Childhood's Realm nnd also answering the
puzzles. My dear grandmother was a sub
scriber to your valuable paper when it was
first published in this City— that was many
years ago. I am 11 years and 2 months old
and a naive daughter ol our Goiden State.
Yours truly, alma Sea.
San Francisco, Nov. 12, 1896.
Dear Editor: As I have been reading the
children's page I thought I would write you a
letter. lam 10 years old and go to St. Peter's
School. I am in the fifth grade. There is a
park near my house, and every day we have
no school mamma packs up our lunch and we
spend tte day over at the park. Your friend,
ALICE JIcDOSNELL.
Castrovillk, Cai., Nov. 11, 1896.
Dear Editor: lam a little girl 11 years old
and a constant reader of Childhood's Realm.
I thought I would write and see if my letter
would escape the wustubasket. I have a sister
named Lizzie. I have two pete, & dog namec
/
Possum and a pony named Susie. Iso to the
Castrovilie public school. My teacher s name
is Mr. Bennett. I hope to see my letter m
Sunday's Call. delphisa Feliz.
Sax Francisco, Nov. 17, 1896^
Dear Editor: lam a little girl 8 years of &geM
Igo to the Douglass School. lam in the tnua j
grade. This is my first letter to The Call.
My papa is a corporal of police. We have been
taking The Call for a long time. I enjoy
reading the boys' and girls' page. We had two
little cats, but the boy next door drowned one
of them. I hope to see my letter in Sunday a
Call. Your new reader, Lizzie Gleeson.
Alameda, CaL, Nov. 13. :596.
Dear Editor: I am a little girl, 10 years old.
We have taken The Call for a great many
years. I like to read the Children's Pago very
much. Mamma and some other ladies are go
ing to have a home for homeless children in
Aiameda. They are going to have a bazaar »t
our house to raise money to start it. All are
welcome to come. Hoping to see my letter 1q
print, I remain, your little reader,
Rose yon cchjiidt, C. R. C.
San Jose, CaL. Nov. 9, 1896.
Dear FAitor: I have been trying to make out
some of the puzzles this afternoon and have
found out No. 7. The name of the great man
Is Benjamin Frauklin. Last month we re
ceived a canipnign hat with Major McKinley
on one side and Mr. Bryan on the othur. I
turned mine with the McKinley side out, be
cause I wanted McKinley to be our President.
I have the sweetest liitle baby sister, 3 weeks
old. I wish you would pui this letter in next
Sunday's Call. Good-by. Gracie Burke.
Bltte Canyon, Cai.. Nov. 12, 1896.
Dear Editor: I thought I would write a few
lines to you Hnd I hope this letter will be in
next Sunday's Call. I solved all the puzzles
but the eighth, which 1 could not get. The
puzzle which I sent in last week was original.
I was somewhat disappointed because it w:is
not printed, but I suppose there was no room
or something else was the matter, so I won't
say any more about it. I shall tell you about
my pe<, which is a dear little cat. It is black
and white spotted and Is very nice. It will
eat popcorn and olives and many other things.
At evening when he thinks it is time for \%s
children to go to bed he will walk through th«
honse three or four times and will scold ar.tlf
be so impatient, because he wants ns to hun^
and go to bed so he can go to us. Mamma lets
him stay with us until she wishes to go to bed
and then she tates bim out to the shed whero
his little bed is in a basket. Mamma covers
him up and he stays there all night. When
he wants to go out of the house or to come in
he whines, jumps up to the door and tries to
open it himself. He is only seven months old
and I think is very smart This is all I can
write this time, so I shall close, hoping to see
my letter in next Sunday's Call. Your little
reader, Ketha Waldatj.
Pescadero, Nov. 10, 1896.
Dear Editor: As I have seen so many letters
from boys and girls in "Childhood's Realm," I
thought I would write too. lam 10 years old.
I line the idea of having a "Chi'dhood'a
Realm Cub" very much. I have read the
"Childhood's Realm" ever since there has
been o.ie, and can well remember when there
were but one or two stories in it. I shall
write a story for the children's page. Now I
shall close as my letter is getting long. Your
little friend, alma M. Weeks.
Sierra City. Cal., Nov. 18. 1896.
Dear Editor: I have written you two letters,
so I will write another. My brother has got
some chickens, and two full-grown hogs, a
squirrel about 4 years old. He was about a
year old when my brother caught him. I have
a great many books which I iike to read. I
take more interest in books than anything
else. The school has some new libraries which
I think are fine, as I have read a good many of
them. I send you some answers to the puzzles
I have solved. Your friend,
Theodore Joob, C. R. C.
PUZZLES
I. Addition.
(a) Add five to a female relation and make a
boast.
(6) Add five to a chill and make something
uncertain. Lizzie E. Johnson, C. K. C.
11. Hidden birds (by Lillie Maskow, C. B. C).
(a) I was at the window last night.
(6) I saw her on Monday.
111. (a) Hogs wallow in mud.
{b) Seth rushed from the house.
IV. ENIGMA.
My 2, 7, 13, 11. 9 is to store away.
My 6, 8, 14, 5 is to possess.
My 1, 4, 3, 15, 12, 10 are tracts or regions.
My whole is something you enjoy reading.
Ella R. Habtnell, C. B. C.
V. Geographical acrostic. '
An island in the Indian Ocean*
A gulf of Europe.
A country of Asia.
A. sea of Europe.
A country of South America.
A State in the United States.
Their initial letters spell a peninsula of
Europe. Alice Bell, C. R. C.
VI. Pi. Name of member of C. R. C.
Werefdtoitarncaotn.
VII. Hidden name' of a contributor.
Ye do vile hen. T. Joos, C. K. C.
VIII. Why. ls getting up early apt to make
one cross? Nellie H. Peters, C. R. C. > \
& UOOOOOOO
. Ella R. . Hartnell, C. R. C
Correct Ar\sWers. . ,
I. Turkey.
11. Shilling.
111. Because it's between two i's (eyes).
IV. William McKiuley.
V. Sunday Call.
VI. Least said soonest mended.
VII. Devilish— dish— evil.
VIII. Water. Because it contains so many
muscles. ■
IX. Because she has a crown.
X. (a) Chili.
(b) Capes.
XI. Egg.
XII. Horse — goat.
XIIL John
oooe
nome
need.
*
Letters Received.
Besides letters published, pleasant com
munications have been received from the
young friends whose names follow: Mabel C.
Mtcchi, Beth Johns tone. Irene Brandon, Edith"
Canbu, Antoinette Crawford, Ethel Ferguson
Francis Laplace, Alice W. Upton, H. R., Gerla
Hendrickson. Christian W. Vanderveen, Willie
Lyons, Willie Kirby, Paul Peters, Irene C J
Sullivan, O.ive Bruning and Bessie McMahoßj
AnsWers to f uzzles. r
Correct answers to puzzl, s of November 8
have been received from Alma Sea, Mary Car
rick, Retta Waldron (r. r. c .) and Alice Me-
Donuell; fcr November 15 from E.la B. Hart
nell (C. R. C), Idn Wishtman, Alice Bell, C.
R. C), Wiiiiam Sua. unsigned list from Port
land and Max Saiig (C. R. C.)TALE OF MIDWINTER JOYS IN THE FRIGID LAND OD THE AURORA
Two little girls have arrived in this port T
from the Arctic, alter passing two most
rigorous winters above the seventieth par
allel, and they are as hale and hearty as
any two children who have been spending
the same time in comfortable homes in
San Francisco.
One of them is at the St. Nicholas Ho
tel with her aunt, Mrs, Green, and Cap
•tain Green of the steam whaling bark
Alexander, and in the course of an even
ing she can entertain visitors with inter- j
esticg stories of the cheerless, dreary j
wastes of tnow and ice.
"I "was homesick and tired of the Arctic;
I dia not like it all," she exclaimed, with
something suggesting a sigh of relief, in
 answer to a request for her impressions of
the frozen north. "And I would not
play with the Mazinkas," Bhe added after
a pause; "they are repulsive. There was |
nothing but snow and ice, aniMt was so '
cold you could not stay out for an hour. !
Still, I had lots of fun. I learned to read j
and write and crochet and sew, and the |
•officers taught me to dance, and I learned 1
the Mazinkas' language."
What appeared funniest of all in th*at
queer region was the persistent tendency
of icecream to become as hard as iron if
not eaten quickly. It was no trouble to
make icecream, but keeping it soft was
another matter, especially when chafing
dishes were not plentiful. By watching j
the Indians hunt and fish she grew ex- ;
pert in catching salmon trout through
holes cut in the ice, and could hold her
seat on a sled flying over hummocky snow
with any little barbarian.
>The two children met at Herschel Isl
§  where whaling ships make their
jf liter quarters. One was from Honolulu,
Jijas Lucie McGuire, the other from Ala
meda, Miss Dorotay Porter, daughter of
Captain Porter of the whaling steamer
Jessie Freeman. Lucie and Dorothy were
for all the world like two little Esquimaux !
when they were introduced to each other
and told to be playmates — an instruction
which was wholly unnecessary, consider
ing the fact that within the whole Arctic
circle there was possibly not another
white eirl.
Lucie was then about eight years and
her companion a year or two younger.
They were soon fast friends and together
managed to make the hours pass pleas- ;
antly in their winter prisons. The sailors i
carved dolls for them and played Esqui- j i
jnau- dogs by hauling them on sledges I ]
THE PHENOMENON OF LIFE
What of Dreams, ir\ WKicK Jime and Place
Pass for J^avjgnt
It is the enunciated doctrine of our
yschools that life is best defined as "a pe
■culia'r-mode of activity, the life of the com
plex organism called man being the ag
gregate of the vital activity of oil its com
ponent parts; that each of these compo
nent parts possesses an independent ca
pacity for development and maintenance;
the harmonious unity of action of all
forming the normal life— beaitb." Such is
the explanation of the phenomenon of lift
given by thm schools.
It is further taught that "the his- I
tory of this complex organism is one of
g incessant change. The man of to-uay is
\ not the man of yesterday, nor will he be
the man of to-morrow. Physical and chem
• ical agencies are at work creating and de
stroying — there is no rest."
incident occurring during my col
lege days U id much toward stimulating
inquiry, into the phenomenon of life.
♦Saturdays were often soent in the search
for objects of natural history among the
hills and woods. In one of these expedi
tions during an early spring day my com
panion* and myself found a cave. The
opening was bidden among the brambles,
half way up a rocky hill. The cave was
not an extensive one; simply a crevice in
the loose rock formed by the interspacing
soil bavins been washed out by the perco
lating water of rains.
There were no stalactites or other cave
. formations, and we had soon explored the
small cavity. We were about ieaving
when Geo-ge, my companion, found a
dark object, like a bundle, in a remote
corner of the cavern. The object proved
•to be a small female bear in a state of tor- j
por.' We secured her bearship with a cord
and carried our trophy home suspended
•from a pole carried on our shoulders. The
bear Jived for several years, being adopted
as the pet of the college.
The incident gave rise to much reading
upon the subject of hibernation. The
curious phenomenon was made the sub
ject of a lecture by one of the college pro
fessors, who explained it as being "a sus
pension of certain^of the animal func
tions."
The explanation may have proved sat
isfactory to some of the students; tome
the- matter was one for the deepest
thought. What was it? Why was it that
ra human being could not undergo a like
condition.? Tbe bear is a warm-blooded
animal; so is the man. How were "cer-
tain of the physical functionasuspended" ?
•if the bear, why not the man? The study
. of the evolution of the higher types of
organization, both animal and vegetable,
discloses the fact that both are governed
by the same "mode of activity." The
primordial cell multiplies itself by du
\plic»te subdivision into aggregations of
cells, each one the repetition of tbe
other, until, shaped by some power
(not defined in the teachings of
any' of the schools), a limit is
reached, beyond which a structural dif
ferentiation occurs that, growing more de
cided with development, gives distinction
to the type. As between the animal and
• the vegetable, orthodox science is silent
regarding the similarity or dissimilarity
" of their vital foree — both have life.
' In the museum at Sntro Park is a vase
which contains seeds taken from an Egyp
tian mummy's case. It was the custom
of the Egyptians to place some wfieat in
the mummy case, so that the tenant of the
Casket might not want for food. From
•one of these mummy cases some wheat
•was taken, and placed in the hands of the
ctrtef gardener at the Royal Gardens at
Kew, in England, who planted the kernels
and succeeded in raising from them a crop
'of strange wheat. What was that con
dition of tbe seed during the long cen
turies of its repose within the coffin of the
itzyptian? Was it life? Of a certainty
■ifas not performing any vital function.
M^her was it dead, for disintegration had
• noTiaken place. Its capacity for living
was not impaired, for although it had
slumbered during a period marking 3000
seed times, vet its vital force dwelt in it;
and under the Bkillful nursing of an Eng
lish gardener the grain of wheat harvested
by Pharaoh blossomed and bore fruit of
its kind for Victoria. What was the shape
and form of the vitality? The answer re
quires a keener perception of the subtle
over the snow, or helpine them fish; and
then when the frigid air compelled every
body to stay aboard ship the tots were
amused in various ways. Every little
kindness from the hardy seaman is stiLi
remembered, so that the children look
back to Herschel Island in midwinter
with many pleasurable recollections.
There were fifteen vessels in winter
quarters at the island, and as six or seven
captains were accompanied by their wives,
the season was not so dreary as might be
expected. Among the effi'rers of the ships
were musicians, accomplished performers
on the violin, guitar anil mandolin, and
some Hawaiians and Mexicans, who sang
sweetly. Besides, there was more or less
talent in the way of comedy.
The ladies entertained quite liberally,
and one ship had a steward, a Japanese,
who had filled a similar position on a
man-of-war. The ladies made good use of
him when they found that he took especial
pride in preparing surprises for every
dinner. And so with music, song, comedy,
receptions, card parties, private theatricals
and banquets, varied on fine days with
sled rides, the long northern night and the
twilight days were bearable.
"But I was tired fcf it," protested little
Lucie, "and I often wished to be home
again. There was no one to play with but
Dorothy, and we had to stay on board
ship nearly all the time. It was so cold
we could not stay out over an hour, and
when the sou'westers blew ' the air was
full of snow and the mercury dropped to
40 below zero. Then we were like prison
ers for a week at a time. That was not
nice."
"Not quite so nice as the sunshine of
Honolulu?"
"Indeed, no; and I often longed to be
there."
The bright little girl was reminiscent
by this time and began to relate her ex
periences during two winters in the frozen
regions.
"I had to wear heavy woolens and my
ordinary clothes, and outside them all a
dearskin coat to my feet. It was lined
with flannel. I had a hood lined with
flannel and trimmed with wolverine, also
Esquimau boots and dearskin mittens over
woolen stockings and glovee. They kept
me warm, still I could not stay out long
or I would be frozen. When the ship put
in at L'nalaska for coal and provisions a
lady gave me books, and auntie then
forces of nature than attains in-tbis pres
ent age. We pride ourselves justly upon
our marvelous skili in microscopy, yet the
moat powerful microscope at our com
mand is useless in determining whether
or not a seed of wheat has parted -with its
vitality.
What is that peculiar "mode of activity"
known as sleep? Is it a suspension of
some of the independent activities by
certain component parts of the organism?
iro far 8b external phenomena are con
cerned, complete unconsciousness attains
in profound s'.eep. Wn^t is this condition,
that, virtually suspending .-. portion of the
physical manifestations of life, yet bestows
enhanced power and capability of exercise
upon :he mental organism?
Orthodox science, with all its boasted
knowledge, does not explain the dream
life. Thought flows on apparently auto
matically, and often in coherent sequence,
uniformity and order. Sometimes the
sequence is strangely incongruous, but
because it is so, can we say tbat the means
of averting a fantastic dream shall never
be known? The process of reasoning may
be, and often is, carried on during sleep
with more vigor and success than during
AS HE SPOKE A CHILD TUGGED AT HIS KNEE.
the waking hours. Condorcet in his
dream-life solved the difficult mathemati
cal calculations that his wide-awake mind
utterly failed to grasp. Condillas, when
engaged in bia "Cours d'Etude," fre
quently developed and finished a subject
in his dreams that be had conceived and
abandoned in the waking hours from
sheer lack of mental capability to con
struct fitting imagery. Coleridge states
that his "Kubla Khan" (pronounced by
competent critics to be one of the finest
poems known) was composed by him
during sleep.
What is this condition, this phase, this
state, this aream-liie, in which time, place
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896.
taught me to read and write. I did not i
know my alphabet on going into the
Arctic, but on comine out I read all the
books and could write. Was the Mazinka
language hard to learn? I don't know.
First I understood what the Mazinkas said
and then I spoke their language; it was
easy."
Lucj told how the Alexander had sailed
through a pass in the Fox Islands of the
Aleutian group and through the Bering
and circumstance pass for naught? In
dreams the dead are with us alive and
well. The oldest of earth's inhabitants
greet us with the familiarity of friends of
to-day. Though the languages of the
period when these gliostly visitors existed
as mortal are so deeply buried in antiquity
as to be beyond our waking understand
ing, yet in dreamland we hold intelligent
converse with them; space is annihilated;
we are with friends at the very antipodes;
j we visit strange lands, strange planets
! even, and with the dream-life vision see
; much that has no counterpart upon the
broad face of the globe. Shut out by
sleep from the consciousness of earth-Hie
we see beings unknown to the waking
senses and that have no place in the log
cataloeue of earthly species. We cer
tainly see in dream-hfe things that cannot
under any circumstances be said to be
borrowed from our wakeful perceptions.
We see new and glorious forms of beamy;
we hear strains of music surpassing in di
vine harmony all that ever our waking
I senses comprehend; we look upon me
| chanical forms and devices of which not
the slightest conception could by any pos
sibility have occurred to our waking
hours. Are Buch things real? Can or
thodox Bcience say they are not?
The positive philosophers who refuse to
concern themselves with anything save
! phenomena immediately cognizable by
j the senses may be, and undoubtedly are,
j able to satisfy their spirit of inquiry by
dismissing the "dream" subject asa "mani-
I festation of energy exhibited by an auto
j matic and undirected development of
I latent impressions of the cerebrum." I
quote the language of a distinguished
philosopher (?).
What is electricity? A manifestation
of energy. Are dreams, then, electrical ?
These questions are linked with the sim
ple matter I have before alluded to — the
sleeping bear— a matter so simple that tte
self-appointed oracles of science look upon
it as not worth the consideration.
During the siege of Vicksburg, in 1863,
a soldier was wounded by the explosion of
a .'-hall, a small spicula of the iron missile
penetrating the man's skull. Tne soldier
was sent to the hospital and became a
puzzle to the surgeons. • He was thought
to have received only an abrasion oi the
Sea into the Arctic Ocean, past Point Bar
row, and cruised as far as Cape Bathurst
before getting back to Herschel Island for
the winter.
"At Herschel Island," she continued,
"we settled in a cove for the winter!
TWO LITTLE GIRLS IN THE LAND OF ICE.
! When the sea began to freeze the anchor
i was pulled up and then the steamer was
i fust. The men built a house over the
neck and 3oon the snow fell and covered
the ship and house together. I did not
scalp, which quickly healed; but, strange
to relate, he totally forgot himself. He
did not know his own identity. All mem
ory of hia former existence faded. He
had no recollection whatever of home or
family.
For twenty years this man lived on,
with all his former life that occurred pre
vious to his wound a blank. O herwise he
was mentally sound. Then after a lapse
of twenty years he was again wounded in
the head, this time by a railroad accident
He was then operated on by surgeons and"
his skull trepanned, when it was found
that a 6liver of iron was imbedded in his
brain (the fragment of a shell). The piece
of iron was removed, and then — he utterly
forgot everything connected with his life
of the last twenty years and memory took
up the thread at the point where it was
broken by the explosion of the shell at
Vicksiair^. Where had the soldier been
during these twenty years? Who was it
that occupied his physical cerement dur
ing that time? Was It the same ego?
C uld John Smith be held responsible
during the twenty years between 1863 and
1883 for what John Smith did prior to
1863?
The soul is the essential part of the
human being. Its individuality is a very
recent fact in the history of our elobe,
and but few souls are really conscious of
their individuality. Psychic force has just
be«un to assert itself among the higher
spheres of terrestrial humanity. The soul
is beyond all conditions of time and space.
It> human manifestations are shaped by
environments, ju«t as the character of the
grain is i-overned by the conditions of soil
and cultivation. In sleep the physical
conditions that are molded in waking
hours by habit and custom are no longer
dominant, and thus the soul unloosed '
from the chains of matter roams, or
rather drifts — hither, thither — in so-called
dreams.
Everything in nature has its comple
ment. The magnet has its positive and
negative poles. Only in the lower forms
are found the possessora of a half of the
whole. Many years ago a great teacher
said, '"There are no marriages in heaven."
There could not be. The soul is« androgy
nous It is a complete entity; what, were
we to define it according to our physical
conception, we should term a blended
duality. F. M. Close, D.Sc.
A CHILD'S PLEA
It Turned the Scales
and Elected Storms
to Office
The Speaker of the Evening sat in front
of the Globe Hotel, smoliing his cigar.
The committee, much to his relief, had
left him alone for a minute, as they went
to see that everything was arranged at the
hall. It was late in the fall and the cam
paign was nearing its close. The crisp
night air sent a chill to the bone, and as
the Speaker of the Evening drew his warm
coat about him his attention was attracted
by a child who stood near to his chair,
timidly hesitating upon a closer approach.
"Are you the speaker?" piped a tremb
ling little child as she drew a step nearer.
As a cheerful and reassuring response
came in the affirmative, the little one
without further hesitancy stepped close
to his chair, and just above a whisper said :
"When you make a speech to-night will
you aay something for my papa? No one
has said anything for him, and he is
home, sick. My mamma says if dome one
would only say a word for him, when they
are sneaking for all the rest, he might be
elected; and mamma says if he isn't
elected she don't know what we'll do."
"Who is your papa?"
"Martin Storms."
"What is he running for?" •
"I don't know, but whatever it is, if you
will say something for him, mamma says
ho will be elected."
"You sit here a moment," said the
Speaker of the Evening, taking the little,
frail flower ana placing her in his chair.
As he turned around he met the chairman
of the County Committee, who had come
to notify him that the band were to tender
him a serenade after the meeting. With
little heed to what was said, he asked;
"Who is Martin Storms?"
"Oh, he's a worthless fellow we nomi
nated for Township Justice as a sort of
joke." .
like the short days and twilijfht, but we
bad lots of fun all the same. The funniest
thing used to be the dogs, acting like
pack-mules. The sailo # rs trained the doss
to carry little bags, one on each side, just
like saddle-bags, and when the men would
go out fi3hing they would take the dogs
along. Each dog would carry ten fish in
the bags, five on each side, and follow one
after another the same as mules. When
they got tired they would lie down care
"His nomination a joke?"
"Of course, why? He won't get a dozen
votes."
"We will see about that," said the
Speaker of the Evening, as he returned to
the chair where the child waa waiting.
"You may tell your mamma that I will
speak for your papa to-night."
As he said this, the child sobbed with
joy and, throwing her little, bony arms
around his neck, Kissed him again and
again.
Tbe dim liteht on the porch prevented
the County Committeeman from seeing a
tear or two that night, and if he had he
may not have asked the question or
received the reply which followed.
"Who was that?"
"The child upon whom you have played
a jove," answered the Speaker of the
Evening, as he turned abruptly ano went
to his room in the hotel.
The meeting opened that night with
its usual preliminaries, aDd as the
Speaker of the Evening advanced there
was not one in the audience who did not
feel that something out of the usual run
of political speeches was comincr. It was
out of the usual run. It was a speech of a
lifetime — a speech which left impressions
of a lifetime.
If poor Martin Storms could have heard
what was said about him that night he
would have felt that the compensation for
all his troubles in life had been complete.
When the Speaker of the Evening closed
there was not a dry eye in the house or a
heart that had not made ?onie resolution
concerning the candidacy of Martin
Storms.
There was no serenade that night, and
Careless Driving.
as the Speaker of the Evening climbed the
stairs to his room he found a little bunch
of colorless flowers at his door, that was
all; but the day after the election he re
ceived word that Martin Storms had run
ahead of his ticket. Jtjdson Brusie.
The funeral of a workman in Japan
costs from 3s 6d to s*. The coffin is sup
plied for Is; for cremation, 3s is paid,
and the mourners cheer themselves with
refreshments which cost about 6d, and
sometimes go as high as a shilling:.
Clive was only a little over 20 when he
embarked on his career of conquest of
India.
fully so that the fish would not be turned
out of the bags. After a rest they would
start off again and trot home to the ships.
I learned to fish like the men when the
mate cut holes in the ice for me, but that
was after the Mazinkas showed me how to
catch fish.
"The sailors used to go out for deer gen
erally with an officer and a native, and they
would nearly always return with a deer
on their sled. Then we would have
venison for a long time with salmon trout.
That was all we wanted for tbe table with
the stores.
"Indian traders used to come from 200
miles in the interior with deer meat and
skins, and it was lots of fun to see them
give everything for matches, tobacco and
knives, or whatever they wanted. Some
times they used to ask for soap. J think
some of them have learned how to wash
ani to use soap, but the little Mazinkas
don't.
"Captain Sherman of tbe Beluga had a
made for me, but Captain Tilton of
the Newport copied off mine and made
one for Dorothy before I got mine, and I
was mad. The men used to haul us about
and hitch up dogs for us, and we used to
go coasting downhill on the island. Once
the sailors hauled us to the fresh water
pond where they got ice about four miles
from the cove. It was fun to see them
with harness over their shoulders run
ning two by two and pullinn a long rope
with a sled at the end. Mr. Whittaker, a
missionary, came from 200 miles in the
interior to see us. He had a sled and
three dogs, and he used to take Dorothy
and me on long rides. He tied us down
so we wouldn't fall out. When he left
everything was lonely again, though we
soon grew to be satisfied with rides around
the ships and toboggans down the snow
hills.
"Killing bears is great fun, too, but I
was terribly frightened when I saw the
first one. They are all big white fellows,
and look like the ice or snow till you see
them more. They come out when they
smell blubber and have a good feed. We
saw one from the ship. He was on the
ice rolling over and over and having a
good time after feeding on blubber. My
uncle saw him and went off with men In
a boat. He crawled ov r the ice, and when
he got r.ear the bear he fired his rifle. The
bear rolled over and seemed to be dead,
but the rext thing they knew he was in
the water and swimming for the boat.
ON GENTILITY AND HORSES
Some pertinent Suggestions About tke Way
of a Driver With J4is Horse
We hear a good deal nowadays of the
thoughtlessness? and rudeness of wheel
men, who, more than almost any other
class of people it sometimes seems, appear
to look upon the thoroughfares of city
and country alike as existing for their ex
clusive use. lam inclined to think, how
ever, that the wheelman, and when I say
wheelman I mean regardless of sex a
rider of the bicycle, Is only a greater
nuisance than the horseman because he
is just now more numerous.
It almost seems as if there is something
in the possession of a horse that has a ten
dency to make us forget the rights not
only of less favored individuals on foot,
but of other riders and drivers besides
ourselves.
Some time ago I was one of a small
party of riders who were cantering along
a country road. Suddenly one restive
horse broke into a run, and in an instant
the others had followed suit, and we were
rushing along, pell-meii, helter-skelter
around a slight bend in the rosd. When
this was reached we saw before us a hand
some phaeton, drawn by a big, fat, well
groomed horse. A lady was driving and
she peered out anxiously, as she heard
the clattering hoofs of our party. The
horse heard the clatter as well, and was
prancing and rearing with excitement.
We were so close that pulling up was out
of the question, so we did the next best
thing and got by as quickly as possible.
But when our animals were once more
under control and without a thought but
that my companions would do the same I
rode back to apologize for what had been
our unavoidable discourtesy. I was sur
prised to find that no one else in the party
seemed to consider this necessary. "Peo-
pie should not drive animals that are
likely to be rattled by the approach of a
galloping horse and we couldn't have
stopped, anyway," said one. The obvious
reply to this that people should not ride
horses that they cannot stop seemed to be
regarded as a non sequitur.
The riders in this case were all women,
but I have seen men do things equally
outrageous with no apparent idea that the
rights of others should be respected.
Only a day or two ago I saw a rider bear
down at full gallop upon a young girl who
was pushing a baby carriage across the
street. He had nearly a block in which
to pull up, but he never drew rein, so the
girl drew back. The horse's flying feet
missed the carriage by a line and sent a
shower of mud into the baby's face. Cer
tainly no bicycle-rider ever perpetrated a
greater outrage.
There is a law in England requiring an
equestrian to pull up and pass an unat
tended lady at a walk. This"even if she is
herself on horseback. Some such law we
should have in this country for the pro
tection of women and children, if not ail
pedestrians, from the carelessness of rid
ers and drivers. To be sure there is un
doubted truth in the argument that pe
destrians should be on the lookout. The
man on foot has the advantage over the
one who is riding or driving a horse, that
he has only his own movements to control
and can slop, turn back or hasten much
more promptly than the horseman can
make his charge do any of these things;
but whether the pedestrian does this or
not the horseman should never fail to rec
ognize his own responsibilitylin the matter.
] Before the men could get away he had
one paw upon the boat, and then uncle
shot him dead. They tied a rope round
the bear's neck and hauled him to the
ship. I think those bears are very cute.
"But I dvi not like to see the men huat
baby walrus, because it was so sad to see
the mother catch the young one in her
fins and sit up and beg. The mother wal
rus would know when the men with rifles
were going to kill the young ones, and
they would make the most pitiful moans.
You would think they could speak, and
they'd hold the babies up against their
breasts, co I could not look itt the sailors
kill them.
"We had a grand time a year ago last
April, when little Helen Herschel Sher
man was born on board the Beluea. Her
father is captain of the Beluga. All fifteen
ships at the island had their flairs flying,
and Helen was born under the American
flag. They called her Herschel after the
island. She was christened on Sunday,
when four days old, by a minister visiting
there on his rounds to see the natives.
Then we had a party and lots of fun. We
\ also had birthday parties and fancy dress
balls. As the Beiuga had the largest
deck, 411 parties and theatricals were
given aboard her, and her big deckhouse
I was decorated with flaes, bunting and
j Chinese lanterns. The men would make
eouvenirs for each banquet — this is one,"
and the interesting child showed a minia
ture sled painted white and containing a
yellow satin bag which had been filled
with salted almonds.
"These amusements were always in the
evenings, though it was hard to tell one
part of the day from another. There was
co little light I often longed for the sun.
In the morning I studied my lessons and
needlework and afterward I used to go
out coasting or playing, but in the even
ings there was nothing to do, because all
the old people played cards.
"In the summer it was nice enough. I
wore a short deerskin coat and a felt hat
and woolens trimmed with minx. Her
schel Island is covered with all kinds of
pretty flowers — forget-me-nots, poppies
and other kinds— and Mr. Warren, who
was killed by a whale, used to take me
j and Dorothy up the hills to gather
j flowers."
After the excitement attending the kill
ing of the first whale wore off Lucie de
clared she took no interest in whaling,
but only longed to be home again-
In particular does the average horseman,
if he suspects that he has done any dam
age by careless driving, deem his one duty
to be to get out of sight. It, is seldom that
one turns back to render assistance when
he has been the cause of an accident.
The driver who goes along a '"main trav
eled road' reading is the bete noir of the
highway. Such an act ought to render a
man liable to summary arrest. It would
seem as if the commonest regard for pub
lic safety would show any man the impro
priety of reading while driving, yet when
ever I take my drive abroad I am almost
sure to encounter at least one such of
fender. Indeed, I was recently obliged to
turn to the left, across an electric track, to
avoid a driver who, perched upon the seat
of a huge wagon, was busily improving his
mind, oblivious of the fact that his team
of great draught horses had strayed to the
wrong side oi the road and were entirely
out of their right of way, while his whole
attention was engrossed by the newspaper
spread upon his leather-aproned knees.
The woman who takes a friend out for a
drive and becomes engrossed in conversa
tion, to the fonretfulness of her horse, is
another offender against the equities, but
not more so than are the irresponsible
lads who drive our milk and grocery
wagons. Two such I saw, some time
since, cut in across the way of a lady who
was driving, turn their vehicles in such a
way that she could neither drive forward
nor back out, and then Btop. She was
obliged to rein up and wait until the two
friends had finished the conversation for
which they had halted. Then they drove
on and allowed her to do the same.
The two men who halt their horses and,
with their wagons side by side, proceed to
discuss the political situation are known
to every driver. They are as übiquitous a
nuisance as the man who goes through a
crowd with his umbrella under his arm.
Then there is the driver who turns oat
to pass you, and having got his horse's
head past your animal's, immediately
turns back into the road, to the imminent
peril of your horse's legs. There is noth
ing discourteous in going ahead of an
other driver when the road is wide enough
to admit of the maneuver, but whoever
does it should bear in mind that the horse
which he is passing is not standing still,
but moving forward, and that allowance
should be made, in coming back to the
middle of the road, not only for having
passed the slower equipage bat" for the
distance which the horse has probably
traveled while you were passing it. If
you turn back into your track too quickly
your hind wheels are likely to graze this
horse's forelegs.
Then, too, some drivers have a way of
whipping up as soon as they realize that
they are passed and there is a chance that
you may not hold your vantage after all,
but will, instead, come into unexpected
collision with your neighbor's wheels.
Now that the rains are with us again
th >re are mud puddles to encounter every
now and again, and the woman who de
sires to «hine in the eyes of her fellows as
possessing some lingering ideas of cour
tesy, even although she rides or drives a
horse, will never let her steed go splashing
through one of these, sending a disagree
able shower of soiliDg drops up into the
faces of passers-by.
Certainly there is no time when a gen
tleman may so appropriately offer his
services or a lady so frankly accept them
as when the latter is having difficulty with
a horse, and no pride in equestrienne
skill or hesitation on the score of eti
quette need preven her from accepting
them.
On the other hand, however, a lady will
never presume upon the general opinion
in which women drivers are held, in
claiming more than is her due in right of
way. I have seen feminine drivers hold
calmly on their way, up the wrong side of
a thoroughfare, making heavy teams and
light rigs alike make way for them, know
ing perfectly well taat they were in the
wrong, but sure in the knowledge that the
average man will always turn out for
them.
I should hate to see any accident, but it
sometimes seems to me that it might be
well could such drivers have one or two
salutary lessons. Miss Russill.
2526
THE
STAGE
One of the smartest dramatic critics In
London has been declaring that the decline
of serious drama is due to the spread of
temperance. The palmy days of the
legitimate drama, he says, were the days
in which people went drunk to the play
the days of port and foaming tankards of
Btout and gin and water and Mr. Pick
wick's milk punch. "There were infinite
potentialities of tragic emotion in those
beverages. Now we drink thin claret."
And then he cries in rhapsody for some
one to restore the vine leaves to our hair,
so that the serious drama may once more
flourish.
Well, this is certainly a new way of
looking at it. If strong drink and the
serious drama go hand in hand San Fran
cisco mipht have been written down a
temperance town— not of the Hoyt va
riety—last week. Serious drama indeed!
You paid your money and you took your
choice between operetta and melodrama.
If your fancy did not incline either way
the only alternative was to eschew the
drama entirely and wait for better times. \
A cold perspiration bespangles my
brow when I recall the acts of fiendish
cruelty and devilish cunning, the shoot
ing, stabbine, butchering, dueling, bomb
expioding deeds which were committed at
the Columbia, the Grand, the California
ana the Alcazar last week. To see one
melodrama a week is pleasant enough
diversion, two of them make a pretty
severe strain on the imagination ; three
melodramas in the span of seven days are
more than any one with a due regard for
keeping sane should undergo, and, as
for four, "that way doth madness he. ;l
"Humanity" at the Columbia is a strong
play of its kind— if the kind were only
good— its agony is intense, but it is piled
on in deeds rather than words, which is
always to be desired in melodrama. The
villain— and a very well acted villain, too
—is described as a war correspondent. He
belongs to that fearful and wonderful
class of newspaper men that have their
existence only in the diseased imagina
tions of dramatists. The last thing this
fool correspondent thinks of is getting the
news. He carries a large notebook, which
no self-respecting reporter would be
guilty of owning, and he jots down the
location of the mines at Fort Dunbar and
the amount of water in the wells, not for
publication, oh, dear, no, but for the
treacherous enlightenment of the enemy.
Meanwhile his newspaper must be get
ting ignominiously "scooped" on all the
war news. Li i tie wrecks the correspond
ent; he is one of the idiotic news
gatherers seen only on the stage and
does not know news when he sees it, and
if it were introduced to him he would not
want it. I wish some enterprisine drama
tist would give us a play with a real news
paper man, just for a change. Variety is
always charming.
Wilton Lackaye is coming in a few
weeks to show us bis new creation, Dr.
Belgraff, a man who wreaks a just venge
ance on villainy through the medium of
hypnotic power. Lackaye blandly an
nounces that his make-up is an exact imi
tation of Professor Roentgen of X ray
fame. I wonder why he submits the
famous discoverer to this indignity?
Roentgen is not a hypnotist, and any one
who has seen his X ray discovery in work
ing action knows that he is not a man to
be treated with levity.
It certainly is true that professing hyp
notists are just about as unlike the stage
article as the stage reporter is unlike a real
newspaper man. Your professor of hyp
notism is generally a sleek, well fed look
ing personage, with all the outward and
visible signs of partaking of and enjoying
three square meals a day. He does not
glide about mysteriously nor glare fiend
ishly. In fact, if asked to guess his call
ing you would in nine cases out often set
him down as a well-to-do storekeeper or a
prosperous pork batcher.
I asked Professor Kennedy the otner
day what he thoasht of Svengali, from a
hypnotic standpoint, and he scornfully
said the character did not deserve the
serious consideration of any a.elf- respect
ing proiessor of hypnotism. "Svengali is
not any more like a real hypnotist than
the stage reporter is like a live newspaper
man," remarked the professor, and his
allusion touched a tender spot, for oh!
that war correspondent in "Humanity"—
but that's another story. Anyway, the
professor remarked that Lackaye's passes
were all wrong; that the makeup was a
libel on hypnotists. As for the basic idea of
a hypnotist giving out some subtle power
which drained his own strength, it was
absurd. "A man can hypnotize himself
just as well as any one can hypnotize him
if he once knows the way, so that shows
that the hypnotist gives out co subtle
power," he added, conclusively.
It is saa but true that many people go
toseeamuch beparagraphed star as they
would go to gaze on a two-headed baboon
or a pink-eyed lady, regarding the whole
thing as a show. The press agent thor
oughly understands this weakness and
his object in life is to make money out of
it. Of course the star understands it too,
and very often is quite willing to play
into the hands of his advertising agent by
being freakish and meekly letting his
character be assailed. "Better be reviled
and calumniated than not be discussed at
all," is a theory which has money in it.
I am curious to see whether the free
advertising bestowed upon Nat Goodwin
during the last few months wili have
exalted him to the solid financial basis
of being regarded as a side-show. The
last time he was here Goodwin confided
to a matinee audience that the Baldwin
was always so empty he could not persuade
the company they were not giving a series
of dress rehearsals. Since then, however,
he has achieved columns of free advertis
ing — the divorce court has claimed him
for its own, beautiful young actresses have
come from Australia saying he was no
gentleman and that he was, moreover,
madly infatuated with another beautiful
young actress who was the wife of another
man, and so on, an nauseura. Altogether
Mr. Goodwin's affairs nave reached that
stage of publicity which should justly
entitle him to the consideration of people
who like a side-show for their money.
If you are inclined to doubt the value of
frnalc paragraphing just recall the case of
Mme. Fannie BloomEeld-Zeisler. A great
artist comes into our midst quietly and
unostentatiously. Sne is not steeped in
crime; no one pretends that she is on the
verge of insanity ; she does not even adopt
a mad extravagant coiiture, nor indulge
in weird eccentricities. Mme. Zeisler is so
sane that she travels without a keeper, and
any one who wants to learn her history
can find out that she is happily married
and that her life has been "free from the
breath of slander." Her whole armory
for capturing the public lies in genuine
genius for pianoforte playing and hard
work. She opened here with scarcely any
preliminary puffins and made music that
showed her to be only a little lower than
the angels. Her reward will probady be
in heaven, for it consisted largely of empty
benches here below.
If Mme. Zeisler had wanted to reap dol-
THE SAN FR Ay CISCO CALL. SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896.
lars she might at least have brought a
couple of tame lions along, have played
with a cobra twisted around her neck, or
have advertised the fact that her hair
dresser, procured at great danger and ex
pense, was an Apache brave or a Zulu
chief. But she has not even broken off a
contract with the Emperor of China, nor
had a row with Oscar Hammerstein. The
idea of an artist relying solely on her art
for fame! Mme. Zeisler has been pun
ished for defying all fin de siecle prece
dent. Marie Evelyn.
Qreervroom Qossip.
Loie Fuller was going West on the
Grand Central recently, when at the New
ISork station she ran up against a rule
which forbids the carrying of any cumber
some baggage in the Wagner sleeping
cars. Objection was made to a bandbox.
Loie pleaded, but the conductor was firm.
Then Loie had an idea. She rushed across
to the offices of the New York Central
Railroad and mounted the stairs at a
jump. Mr. Depew was in. She told the
president of the road her tale. She ex
plained to him how necessary the box
was to her comfort. She raav have told
him what it contained. Mr. Depew
thrummed the desk with his fingers while
the tale was bein>,' told. He thought, of
hia opera-house in Peekskill and his am
bition in a dramatic way. He thought of
his duty as a railway president, and the
fact that the New York Central had
adopted asomewhatsimilar rule which had
never been enforced, came into his mind.
"As a member of my own profession I
appeal to — " began the dancer. That set
tled it. Mr. Depew gallantly escorted
Miss Fuller downstairs. He held a short
conference with the officers of the Wagner
company, and as a result Msss Fuller de
parted in the Wagner car with her box on
one of the seats. Loie waved adieu to the
railroad president, and said that Mr.
Depew s Peeksldli opera-house was the
best place out of New York to dance in.
Baldwin Theater.
To-morrow evening N. C. Goodwin and
his comedy company headed by Maxine
Elliott will begin an engagement limited
to one week. At every performance, with
the exception of Saturday night, the
comedian will present his new comedy,
"An American Citizen." The play is in
four acts and is the work of Madeline
Lucette Ryley. who is remembered as the
authoress of "Christopher Jr.," which
John Drew brought out. The new comedy
deals with the hatred for Americans of an
Englishman whose sister had run away
and married an American against the
brother's will, and who disinherits his
daughter because she refuses to reject the
attentions of an American admirer.
Saturday Goodwin will give his first
impersonation in America of Bob Acies
in "The Rivals."
California Theater.
Loie Fuller, the originator of all the
dances which consist of throwing about
draperies with electrical effects, will ap
pear at the California tomorrow in the
first of a series of four performances.
At each of her appearances she w;ll pre
sent the following dances: Night, the
White Dance, the Firmament, Ftre, and
the Lily of the Nile. The effects in these
dances are to a great extent the same as
those achieved by Loie Fuller's imitator,
Papinta, but La Loie is said to be far
ahead of any of those who copy her. The
programme will also include Charles Grae
ber's banjo, mandolin and guitar ciubs,
the Treble Clef Quartet, a violin soio by
Bernard Mollenhauer, and trombone duet
by Mr. and Mrs. Tobin.
Golumbia Theater.
The second week of the stirring melo
drama " Humanity '• begins to-morrow
night. It has served to brine back the
old California favorites, Joseph Grismer
?« Phoebe Davies, and in a minor role
Miss Pearl Evelynne, a California girl.
-Next week "The Cotton King" will be
seen in this City, for the first time, at the
Columbia.
Morosco's Cjrand Opera-J-iouse.
"Hearts of Oak," a play that won James
A. Herne, the author-actor, his first suc
cess, is to be produced at Morosco's to
morrow. Like "Drifting Apart," this play
has no villain. The incidents occur in a
New England village.
Victory Bateman is to be Crystal, the
girl who loves Ned Fairweather, yet, with
h«r lover's consent, unselfishly marries
lerry Dennison, a sailor miller, who has
befriended them both. At last Terry
learns of their sacrifice and goes away,
making the lovers promise to marry if he
should not return in five years. He is
wrecked and does not get back till the day
they are married. Tijen, realizing what
sorrow his home-coming would bring, he
does not reveal his identity, though his
own little girl is prattling at his knee.
Alcazar Theater.
"The End of the Cenxury" is the play
to be presented for the first time in San
Francisco at the Alcazar to-morrow even
ing. It is used by permission of Nelson
Wheatcroft and is strictly fin de siecle.
The siory turns on the desire of a sua
deuly rich mining speculator to attain
a social position by forcing his daughter
to marry a title and the impecunious
Prince Kostoi, in the employ of the
Kussian Becret service, is the man chosen
to elevate the family. Barbara, the
daughter, detests him,' but marries to
oblige her parents and numerous compli
cations ensue. The scenery will all be
new, and nearly fifty supers will take part
in one striking scene.
Ti^oli Opera-House.
An excellent performance of Yon
Puppe's bright, tuneful opera, "Donna
Juanita," is being given by the capable
company at the Tivoli. The work i- draw
ing so well that it has been decided to con
tinue it for another week.
Thenext production will be "The Little
Duke." Great preparations are going on
for the Christmas fantasie, which is an
nounced as the finest spectacle ever pre
sented at the Tivoli.
At the Orpheum.
A special bill has been in preparation
for some time at the Orpheum for Thanks
giving week. Among its features are
George Thatcher and Ed Marble, both
well known as formerly of the Thatcher,
Primrose and West minstrels. Another
fun-maker is Ed J. Heffernan, the Irish
comedian. He will appear in a mono
logue turn that is said" to be very funny.
The Hengler Sisters return for this week
only. Lewis and Elliott have a new com
edy sketch. Knoll and McNeil have new
selections, among which is the "Orpheum
Polka," arranged by Mr. Knoll and dedi
cated to Gustav Waiter. Burt Shepard
has a new string of jokes. This will be the
last week of the Quaker Cuy quartet
Howard and Bland and Lavater's dog or
chestra.
/U the Ghutes.
This afternoon there will be an unusual
sensation in the form of a balloon race,
the aeronauts being C. M. Vosmer aud
Emil Markeberg. Both men are experts
iv sky navigation. A prize of $500 will be
given the one who mates the best para
chute drop, and the judges will be every
one in the Haight-street grounds, ballots
having been prepared for the occasion.
Albert Richards, the diver, will jump into
two feet of water from an elevation of
sixty feet both this afternoon and even
ing. "Arion" still continues to ride over
a live trolley wire on a bicycle every night.
Bush- Street Jheater.
The man who has been in a trance all
week at the Bush-street Theater will be
aroused at 10 o'clock this evening. To
morrow evening Professor Kennedy will
introduce a series of hypnotic mirth-pro
ducing feats with a number of lady sub
jects.
Hammerstein's J^JeW Stars.
rhe-announcement is made that Oscar
Hammerstein has engaged the famous
Cherry sisters to appear at his Olympia.
These sisters are natives of Linn
County, lowa, and have won fame far
beyond the confines of their native SUte
by the extraordinary entertainment they
have originated. They bad been brought
up on a farm, knew nothing of the world,
and had not even had a common school
education when they resolved to co on the
stage
They originated a programme which in
some respects resembled a second rate
vaudeville show, and in performing it the
Cherries have often been the recipients of
quantities of eggs, vegetables, fruit, etc,
so much so that at times they have played
behind a wire screen. Still, the sisters
have made money out of their venture,
and have preserved their reputations SDOt
less.
They are seemingly never offended at
what is said by the press or people con
cerning their thow, a sample of tne men*
tion eiven them being as follows:
"Effie Cherry is a hand-painted darling.
She is a gamesome, gladsome, voluptuous
pet, with a wealth of feet. She was to have
appeared as the Goddess of Liberty in the
closing tableau last night, out the step
ladder broke ana this magnificent specta
cle was abandoned. There is only one girl
in the world like Effie Cherry— and that is
Lizzie Cherry.
"Lizzie is a whole bunch.
"She has the gvratorical abandon of a
yearling heifer and the liquid depths of
her eyes would drown any man not over
seven feet high.
"When the Cherry sisters hold a reunion
on the stage, the world seems brighter,
better, sunnier, and Elsyium not so far
away.
"The sisters canceled all their Western
engagements last week and returned to
the farm. To-day they brought to market
in this city four fat, young calves, which
they sold, and with the proceeds they pur
chased transportation to New York."
Rivals in the Drama.
After meeting one another on the foot
ball field on Thanksgiving afternoon, the
universities of Stanford and California will
offer rival dramatic attractions in the
evening, and the friends of each are just
as sure that their favorite alma mater will
carry away the palm for histrionic art as
they are certain that she will win in the
football game.
At the California Theater Stanford will
hold the fort with a burlesque which is
expected to create a sensation. The piece
de resistance of the bill is an original skit
on "Macbeth," entitled "The Macbeths
of Berkeley; "or After the Ball. 1 ' The
Thane of Glamis is represented as captain
of the Berkeley forces, while the more
virtuous Duncan commands the Stanford
troops. "After the Ball" is over, there
will be a farce, serpentine and clog dances
and a variety of other attractions, includ
ing music by the justly famed glee and
mandolin clubs.
Extended notice has already been given
in The Call of "In Kokopo," the extrava
ganza which the students of the Univer
sity of California will present at the Aud
itorium on Thanksgiving nieht. All sorts
of attractions are billed to appear, includ
ing a chorus of suffragists, boarding
school girls, football men, troubadours
and other attractive characters.
Patriotic Opera.
One evening performance and a matinee
will be given on December 4 and sat the
California Theater of the patriotic and
military opera "Heroes of '76." The work
is by J. Eliot Trowbrid^e and Charles E.
Cobb, and it has been arranged and dram
atized under the direction of Alfred
Wilkie. Patriotic choruses will be sung
by 120 chiliren from the public schools
under tue direction of F. DeJlepiane. The
soloists will be: Charles L. Parent, Alfred
Wilkie, Robert S. Duncan, J. K. Miller
A. F. Schleicher, A. E. J. Nye, H. G
Blankman, Master Fred Wilkfe, Miss
Gretta Wittram, Miss Nelye Giusti, Mrs.
Emilie Parent.
The entertainment is under the patron
age of the California Society, Sons of the
American Revolution; Sequoia Chapter,
Daughters of the American Revolution;
Colonial Dames of tne American Revolu
tion; Puerta del Oro Chapter, Daughters
of the American Revolution; California
Chapter, Daughters of the American
Revolution; Valentine Holt Society,
Children of the American Revolution;
the California Commandery, Military
Order of Foreign Wars of tne United
States; and the French colony of San
Francisco.
Dramatic Brevities.
All tne matinee-giving theaters announce
special Thanksgiving matinees.
The Pacific Coast Commercial Travelers' As
sociation will give their annual benefit at the
Columbia Theater on Decem ber 30.
Gerald Dv Maurier, son of the late author of
"Trilby," will be a member of H. Beerbohm
Tree's company during his coming American
tour.
Mrs. Strelftz Davis, who has lately returned
from the Berlin Conservatory, will be the
pianoforte soloist at the Deutscher Verein
concert in Beethoven Hall this af ter&oon.
J. £. Dodson is rabid on the subject of golf.
Somebody asKed Charles Frohman whether
the comedian played a good game. " Well, not
exactly," judicially replied the great manager;
then, hesitatingly, he added, with a smile:
" But his stockings are dreams."
Mrs. Kendal says she often sheds tears when
she goes home and thinks about ber brother,
Tom Robertson, whose play, "Caste," has just
been revived in London, with John Hare in
the role of Eccles. A sarcastic writer points
out that the matron of the drama could find
better reason lor shedding tears 11 sue spent
five minutes by Brother Tom's grave in Abney
Park Cemetery, for the grass lies long and
ragged upon it, the monument is patched,
stained and grim, and the inscrintion telling
of loving remembrance and lasting grief is in
parts obliterated.
KfTW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
NEW BUSH-ST. THEATER.
Everybody Astounded, Amaze I and Awed!
Nothing like it overseen in Nan Francisco before!
Fourth Day's Kudingof the Seven Days' Sleep.
MAN IN A TRANCE!
Mistaken for Dead ! Practically a Corpse!
The Unapproucbabie Master of Hypnotism,
T. A. KENNKDTM
Will awaken the man from his 7 days' hypnotic
sleep at 10 o'clock Sunday night in presence of the
audience. Secure your seats early to avoid the
crowds. Evening Prices— loc. 15c. 25c, 50c.
Don't fall to come and see the Handsome Lady
Subjects next Monday -Night. November 23.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
Admission— Adults lOc. Children 50.
Bchool children admitted free fcaturdaya, 7 jl. m.
to a c. m.
' •" OHf HWBlir<'K l 3" TO-NIGHT (SDHDAY) LAST TIME, _^
; P^f^lllpl l^ 0 DELLA FOX in "FLEUR DE US." 1
i Commencing TO-MORROW (HOSDAI), M 23— 1 WEEK 05LI!
Matinee Thursday (Thanksgiving) and Saturday.
I Return to America or the Eminent Comedian,
| . SUPPORTED by
MISS 33^EJ3lZ2S1IT>J"3EJ H53L.31.10T7T
AND A SUPKBB COMKDY COMPANY,
Presenting every evening in the week, with the exception of Saturday, for the first time in -
America, the Delightfu. Comedy
AN AMERICAN CITIZEN!
By Madeline Lucette Ryley, author of "Christopher Jr."
SATURDAY NIGHT— SPECIAL -ONLY PRESENTATION,
"THE ' RIVALS"
With MR. N. C. GOODWIN as 808 ACRES— For the First Time in America.
UAH A A MD U/ll Tflll Supported by MARIE WAIN WRIGHT
mllN "HO Will. If IL lUN And a Strong • ouipnny.
Nov.' 30 LACKAYE It DR. BELGRAFF
SEATS BEADY THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26.
&&X IHHIPHifU^T™* 1 * TO-NIGHT, LAST TIME,
'■KllfflSmMP^ DARKEST RUSSIA!
ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINARY!
TO-MORROW (MONDAY), TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY EVENINGS,
MATINEE WEDNESDAY, ', f m
Only appearance here, prior to her departure for the Orient, , .- t'^^9
LA LOIE fuller
Who Will Appear in All Her Wonderful Dances, With Light Effects, Which
Created Such a Sensation in All the Capitals of Europe and America*
Management WM. A. BRADY.
VW The Free List Positively Suspended, Press Excepted.
Seats Now Selling at Boz-Offlce for All Performances. .
' ■ Carriages Ordered a' 10:30 P. M.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
% FRIEDLANDER. GOTTLOB & CO. Lessees and Managers.
CROWDED TO THI DOORS NIQHTLY.
To-Nlghtand All of Next Week. 2 Matinees, Thanksgiving and Saturday,
'■j± JOSEPH GRISMER~PH(EBE DAVIES!
Sutton Vane's Greatest Melodrama,
fSutton Vane's Greatest Melodrama,
Thrilling, Realistic, Brilliant ! The Combat on Horseback!
T / jf The Startling Explosion ! 80 Horses! 20 Fox-
VA /v^^"^*^\ hounds ! 50 People 50.
JP T^ MONDAY. \ JOSEPH GRISMEB — PHO3BE DAVIES!
9% November 30th, / THK NEW SOU i H !
l\/f/^DAOr>A'O this afternoon and to-night,
lVlv - /riV-/OV-/V^l O Last Performances of
GRAND OPERA HOUSE A RING OF IRON!
WALTER MOBOSCO...BoIe Lessee and Manager. 3— SOUBBETTES— 3— COMEDIANS— %
Com menoing 3VEc>xi.<a.«.3r............3Krc>T7-03taa.1303r 23d
ANOTHER GREAT ATTRACTION ! ANOTHER GREAT ATTRACTION!""
HEARTS OF OAK !>
A Domestic Drama Full of Pathos and Comedy. Written and Acted by
. • JAMES A.. HERNE—
A Splendid Cast! Realistic Wreck Scene! Grand Stage Pictures!
SPECIAL THANKSGIVING MATINEE ON THURSDAY.
Evening Prices— 250 and 50c....... M 'TIVKK SATUBD \Y AND SUNDAY
BALDWIN THEATER. | /Tj Q *
important : j Lljrrvi ri c\ tf «
SUNDAY NIGHT, NOVEMBER 20. n-T?^^i!^^TT. k/ V^'
_____ O Farrell St., bet. Stockton and Powell
Belasco, Jordan & La, Faille, Lessees & Managers
' X L^'T^^T \< LJ THIS AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Jj____f J[ j^JJ JL__( aLt JTo. •* IASt Performanc e of
GRMD POPULAR ORCHESTRAL COSCERT " AT FORT BLISS,"
FANNY 81.0031F1E1.D-ZEISI.EB, MONDAY EVENING
In conjunction with And special Matinee Thanksgiving Day,
Hinrichs-Beel Symphony Orchestra. _■, ___^— ( _ _ _^
A GREAT PROGRAMME J.*j^ 5^ OF
Seats ?1 60, *1 and 50c. Seats ready Wednes- 1 1 |™1 Ed \_/ £__, IN |^ U R Tf
day at box office. '..." _• , _■ - ' 7~r. * ' * *"^ •*.■.*
_ . : Society Drama. New to San Francisco, and pro-
T|Vni f nPPRA-HOUSS dnced by special arrangement with Mr.
i IVULI rEnn"n *-/ Kelson Wheatcrof v
Mbs.Ebj<E3tinic Keklin-q. Proprietor 4M»o»|ir DAUGHTER AND PATHOS
TO-NIQHT AMERICA AND KUBSIA.
■ Alcazar's Attractive Prices-
VOX SUPPK'S Nl g ht-15c2ac,35c.50c Matinee 3 -15 c. 25c 35c
Bright, Breezy, Brilliant Comedy Opera. ~~~ : ~ ' ; ■ : ■ .
"iMUyA IIIAIUTAI" MECHANICS' PAVILION.
DONNA JUANITA! A^Sr UAIJ
The Best All Konnd Comic Opera Com- JC~«.X^I*JL \/ ixlj
pany in This Country. And Bal Masque.
Mandolin and Guitar Octet. Thanksgiving Eve, Wed., Nov. 25.
HESA.K/ •450 Piano Door Prize.
!, , 8500 in Prizes for Masauera.
"THE CHILDREN'S CHORUS" „ -— ..-w-fn-.i. .«,« 1. .
24 Champagne Dancing Girls. "> In New ana "^
Next "THE LITTLE DUKE I" . *f £ c "L\ n r ,™ V^ 1 "?,?!* 18 ' } ™*£ .
_ . 8 Hunearian Dancing Girls, ) Costumes-
Fopula- Prices.. 25c and sOc. Little Oracle in the Fascination Dance
— — — Carleton rtlsers French Novelty Dancers.
jf^k,- -Ia m±^ . Harry Steel e, Globe Trotter, Original Skatinsj Act
H4P\ " V StcTo b° lD Character Costume Dancel
t And °. th " Uri inal Matures. See programme
n^WNV^ Imposing (,ra,, March With Calcium
» ADMIS lO> OXE* DOLT ah
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell. ~ — ; ; lialtf
Matinoe To-Day (Sunday), Nov. 22. FOOTBAI I r* A c
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10i - •. r **"*■' Dtt.L.L- VjAJVIE.
Children, 10c, auy part. Rain or Shine
A BILL OF. LAUGHING HITS. «TraVT>T*-P A -■- . -».».-■-.•«-
IJEKT SHKPHAKD. wxii\i.i < H.AT J Jt»^3LH.3ESI.
LEWIS AND ELLIOTT, *—*-* . ' -, _.. _ i
KNOLL AND McNi.IL, . BXO,II TOl*d.
And a Great Vaudeville Company. m - m -
Only Two Nights More of " VS
Detroit Bros, and Mays and Hunter. gr~*+ «-», T| -s .«— _^__ .a
S peciai A Mat a inee Tha^K^iving Day. ■, California.
rHUTF o^en Daily From Noon to Mid- Thanksgiving Day, Thursday, Soy. 26,
OMU 1 nig^AduiuxocChUdrensc Gates Open at 12 o'clock.
fDIA DAI 1 AAII Game Ca.led at 2 : 30. .
BIG BALLOON P^ ices •iibo f :5i.50..58:i6. •s.oo
» ..■?■■. °*" ■■■■*• **■■ Tickets m sale at Clabrouch. Golcher & ca;
■» ft AS" •«•#*»• « J. J. Pfister <fe Co., and E. T. Allen & Co.'
RACE • Q"QAY ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM.
mmrm w^ ■"" ■** .'.-■•*■ Mm Y. M « C. A. Building, Corner Mason and Ellis sts.
** i *f3s!ST. "ficoii-Miiilffir
* ALBERT RICHARDS Third Knsemble Concert.
Will Dive Into Two Feet of Water ' from a First Appearance in San Francisco of .>-. j
Height of Sixty Feet Both Afternoon MISS EDITH EL 3I A SMITH,
. - and Evening, : : . Contralto. ■ . '■•■„;•",* 'i
Arion and Pirri Every Night! ADMISSION TICKET 50 CKNTB.
CENTRAL. PARK. RAfJI^C} RACING
, -RAa-c-Tl a3'AT 3 P M CALirORMA JOCKEY CLUB « I
■^ • A - S » -E JB .A. Xilj! WIN rER MEETING. 1896-97
ALAMEDT3ALEBTS •";. • S^^^A^^E^S^^
vs. ■ . Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday
SUISUN QUiZZY JUNIORS. /Ahursday, Frid,»y and Saturday
imKaKMKHE;: Haluorfhine.
- Admission 25 Cents. — Ra'c^s *A C - B % EA $ U *? AY '
— - — — . xvaci-s start, at axln P. m. feharn—
ODD FELLOW^' HALL. 12-su"i nn a i BaV<!8 aV< !, S ™" c '" co at 12 «■•.»}
St^DAV^ th ? ndMark^»^7^ UD ! WUb '
hy an^^uitoVthe C . thol io^^^ I e at 4: 15 and
-our L i^Tslio c D Ei OMING -" '^SgigggSSZSBJK'BUa.THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower.
Bank Clearings show a loss.
■vn heat and Barley declined.
Corn tending downward.
Oats and Rye unchanged.
Flour as before.
Hay in moderate receipt.
Foreign imports keep up.
Increased in ports of Specie.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs steady.
Turkeys advancing.
Game sells well.
Apples In liberal receipt.
Oran«e< about the same.
Dried Fruit dull.
Provisions the same.
Hops firm.
FOREIGN IMPOBT3.
Imports of foreign merchandise at this port dur
ing the firsi 10 months of 1896 were f31.871.851.
against $31,644,659 daring tne same time In 1805
and included $3,572.000 from J, pan, $4,379,000
from Chi™. $11,478,0u0 from the Hawaiian
lAlania. *2,82.'- ,000 from Great Britain. $2.38 S 650
• from Central America. *:,495.*00 from British
Columbia and $1,163,000 from East Indies.
SPECIE IMPORTS.
Imports of sDecie at tbts port during the first 10
months of 1*96 were $6,964,859, against ♦•-',988,
-247 In the same time in 1895 and Included $717,-
S6B In Gold Bullion, $4,6i5.4'J4 in Gold Coin,
9 1.44K.405 in Silver Bullion aud $263,677 In Sil
.yer Coin.
BANK. CI.KAiUXUS.
Jrxfal bank riearingslast week were 516,438.557,
• against 817,178,704 for the same week in 1b95.
KxpTanatioo.
The arrow files with the wind. Trie top figorea
at station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days;- those underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines* connect pom s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
Vord ••hieh" means hlfjh barometric pressure and
Is' usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
»ad accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
••Lows" ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in th» Interior
and low along the coasi, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
.but when the "low" is Inclosed wifh Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in [be vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition*
«*UI produce an. opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
Cititrd States Depabt»tejjt of Aokicdi>
tube, WKATHKB Bureau, SaN FBANCISCO, cal.,
Nov. 21, 1898, 6 P. M.— Weather conditions and
.general forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Euretca — , Fresno 62, tan Diego 66, Red Bluff
•52, San Luis Obispo 64, Yuma 80, San Francisco
66, Los Angeles 63.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 66.
minimum 50, mean 53. ' Rainfall during past 24
hours, a trace. . - ".":
A storm of considerable energy Is central to
night'over the northern half of the Pacific Slope.
Heavy rain or snow has fallen from Northern Cali
fornia northward. Seattle reports heavy snow
with a pressure of 29.48 inches, and Astoria nearly
an inch and a half of rain, with a pressure of 29 32
Inches, over Washington the pressure has fallen
nearly half an Inch in the 1 ait twelve hours.
T,he temperature basremalned nearly stationary
over the entire country west of the Rocky Mount
ains.
Conditions Indicate continued stormy weather
along the Pacific Coast with high southeasterly
winds, changing >unlay to fresh south westerly.
. A maximum •> md velocity of thiny miles from
•the west is reported at arson City.
Southeast storm signals are displayed along the
coast from Han Francisco northward, and all
northbound vessels are warned to expect heavy
weather.
Forecast made at Pan Franc!«co for 80 hours
ending midnlgnt November 22, 1896:
Northern California— Rain Sunday, with high
southeasterly winds: gules off shore.
southern 1 lforn — Cloudy weather, with ralu In
northern portion: fresh southerly whids.
Nevada — Lloudy weather suuday and probably
rain.
Utah — Probably rain Sunday; snow In the
mountains.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and prob
ably rain Sunday; high southeasterly, changing
to southwesterly win,ds.
. ■•'—" A LEX A VDEB G. Me A DIE,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial. - - >
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 21.-The bears were
In control at, the Stock Exchange to-day. The
Grangers were the special point) of attack and
cloned lower than on any previous day of the
week. Losses ranging from V* to IV2 percent
were recorded. Bnrlington and Qnlncy was par
ticularly weak. In the specialties Con ,ol dated
Gas declined %to 165 and rote to ]ts7@l 6t>Mj.
'Illinois bteel uecilned 1% to 5.', and lowa Cen
tral preferred V 2 to 20^. Speculation closed
weak. Net changes show losses of Vi to p«r
' cent on the day. Total sales 118 210 snares.
The bond market was weak. Transactions ag
gregated $874, 000. Cnesapeake ana Ohio consol
idated fives fell 1/2 : .Northern Pacific consolidated
fives, '</%: do collateral trust s!x«s, 2: Flttsburg,
Snenan.'O and Lake Erie firs:*. 1 V»: San Antonio
and Araosas Pass fours. 1: Texas Pacific firsts,
-1; Denver and Gnlf consolidated fives, 1%: Wa
bash seconds, 2, and Wisconsin Central fives cer
tificate*. 1%.
In Government bands 91000 coupon fonrs of
•1907 sod at 110, and $ 16.0U0. coupon fives at 113
©113%.
- Grain.
. FLOUR— DuII, steady: winter wheat, lowttrades,
*-' iCfiL'J . :>: fair to fancy, J3 25©1 65 patents,
i A 60(^4 9>; Minnesota clear. S3 40©4 15:
ttraiijiita, $3 H)@4 85: patents. $3 86@5 10: low
extras. $2 iO@3 i >: rye mixtures. $3 2 ©3 75 su
perfine, «2 40©3 fine. «1 bO@i 90 soatnern flour,
dull: common to fair extra, $2 Bb(g,'-i 45; good to
.choice do, $3 45@3 60. Kye flour, quiet, steady,
at $a@S 25.
v « i.NJIEAL— steady; Western Yellow,
tl 90&2 10.
KYK-Dull: Western, 40c. c. L f. Buffalo.
• BARLEY— Qntei; 29c, c. 1. f. Buffalo.
B.4RUY MALI— Nominal. - tern, 6C@6Os.
WHE \T— Dull, easier; f. o. b., fl2%@S4c; un
gradea. 81@83c: No. 1 Northern, 87c.
Options op ned unsettled with December %c up
* ana other months unchanged to %c lowr-ron
easier cables and forelcn selling; advanced y <9 3 Ac
-'^i-'v FINANCIAL. • . -....,
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
a«D NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK & CO.,
4 LeidesdorfT St., Tel. Main 1954.
• ]•'"'• : CKNTBA X. OFFICBi '
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5828.
Uptown Office— BaUwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
'■■■;■-' Room). Tel. Main 389. ,
PCBDT & ATKINSON Managers.
l Orders instantly executed on latest ■ market quo-
w tatlons. Reference Ist National Bank, d F.
caiCAoa ViU.VA.£KJMiiUL ->KW-Yoag.
W.A.CARROLL, BROKER
CHICAGO MARKETS. SEW YORK STOCKS-
. .Fast \\irer..il. Uneqnal*d Service. '
STRICTLY COMMISSION.
Private and Bank reference-, quoted on application
Office, 328 Montgomery St..&»J» UeiOiitßld
'iai. Mala 1,791. m vat« i'«r ins tor Ju.adie« |
on local covering, declined 1%@1%C at the West,
rallied Yg@ /gc and closed unsettled at »4'a.lc
under: yesterday, with a fairly active tiade.
May and December most active. No. 2 red. Janu
ary. 84V4C: .March, 868' 8 c: May, 84 W>: Novem
ber, BSB/4C: December, bSty's'"-
COHN— dull, steady; No. 2, 28% c eleva
tor; 29% c afloat.
Options advanced Vs@Vio with the West, fell V*
@3/ 8 c on faster cables ami following wheat, rallied
■;8(£ L^c on coverlnz, closing steady and unchanged
to Vsc aavan c, with trading dull. May and De
cember only trad e<) in. November, 28c; Decem
ber, 28% c: iisv, 32M-0.
OATS— spot steady, dull.
options dull, nominally unchanged. December,
2234-:; February, 24c; May, 25% c. ' • -
epot prices: No. 2.22% c: No. 2 white. 25% c: No.
2 Chicago, 23% c: .No. S. 20»Ac: No. 3 white,
2214 c; mixed Western, 22@24c: white do, 23@32c.
ProvlaUin«
I/ARP-Quiet, stronger. Western steam closed
at ft 15@« 17%: City. *3 6J%: 1 ecember, »4 10,
nominal. Refined, dull; Continent. $4 45; Bouth
Americau. S4 90: compound. l\-stsit>.-sc.
. - PORK— Slow, steady. New mess, *8 2508 50.
Ill 'lKK— Choice, firm. Western dalrv. 89
13c; do creamery, 13%<gM*2c: do fuctory. 7012 c:
Klein*. 1.2 c; Imitation creamery, 10 Va@13c; rolls,
10(5,14C.
v iiKKSE-QuleL Part skims. 3VaS6^ic: full
skims, 'Zym&'Ac
EGGS— VIrm. Icehouse. 16%@18c: Western
fresh. 22@2*c; do case, $2 25@5: limed, lo%@
18c.
TALLOW-Quiet, steady. City, B%c; country.
3^sS,3B,ic.
CoITuNSEKDOIL-DulU easy. Crude, 22% c;
yellow prime, 25%@26c.
- Ill i E— Firm, fair demand: unchanged.
PKTROLKUM— Quiet; uucfcmn.ed.
Muus»ih- send., unchaneed.
COFFEE— Options opened .uil. s@lU points
down: closed quiet, 6(3)15 points down. Novem
ber. »9 45; December. *9 2b: Marcn and May,
$9 3j<&9 35; June, $9 SO: Sentember.+s9 :i«<£
45. a P o moduli, nominal. No. 7, 10c.
bUGAR— yuiet. bofts VB= lower. 'ft A, 3y B
4c; mold a. «6' 8 c; s;auu«rd A, a c; coniec
tioners' A, 41,41"; cut loaf and crushru. 6c; pow
dered, 4%c; gr»uuiated, 4S/8-: cubes, 4^'aC.
1 in it and Produce.
APRICOTS*— Bags, »®llc.
I'tACHi.to— Prnrvi 14w15c; unneelert, 7eßc.
PRUNES— Four sues, nominal, 6y B @&V4c
RAISINS— Two-crown. L. M., 43 /4 c: ao 3-crown.
&y-2@5%c: do4-crown, 6%r; Lonaon layers, new,
*I 4o^,i ao: do clusters, $1 ?5&2; do seedless
Muscatel, 51a-(S)6c.
-HoPs.-B.romj. Pacific roast. 3@14%c.
WOOL— Firm. Domestic fleece, 16(&23e; pulled,
18@31c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
PIGIRON — Firm. Ani«rlr»-i. '11@'S.
lOPPKR-Qulet. Lake. *11 30@U 45.
LtAD-Firm. Domestic. t-^ 87%g>3 00%.
•il>-Quiet. istraits, *13 OSuiia 15; plates,
moderately active.
bPi^L'X'Klt-Qulet. Domestic, $4 10©4';25.
CHICAGO MAIIKETS.
CHICAGO, lix., Nov. 2L— Wheat was again
In a weak ana enervated condi.ion to-day. It
started in the half-session by disregarding bearish
news, prices advancing quite a cent from tbe open
ing, but tlie offerings showed the anxiety of the
holders to liquidate, andastiarp break of 2c oc
curred. Liverpool cables were 2d lower, ralna
were reported in India, Northwestern receipts
were heavy at 785 cars and the break of the past
week had rendered the bulls apprehensive and in
tused courage Into the bear ranks- These were the
circumstances under which prices were forced to
decline. Exports from both coasts for tbe week
were neavy at 3,937,000 bushels, but they were
less than expected, and consequently tailed to
afford prices any support.
Chicago receipts 79 cars and 188,147 bushels
were taken from storage. Closing Continental ca
bies were weak and lower. Export clearances
w re liberal at 350.0&3 bus. els. During the last
half hour shorts evened up considerably and in do
ing so lifted prices to a point higher than they
closed yesteiday and almost the best of the figure
of the session. December wheat from 75% to
75i c Kold between 76V* and 74J>4c, closing at
75y B c,*i4fcS/ c under yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for Monday, 56 cars. No. 2 red soot » heat
ranged from 81V4 to 84%c,c!oslngat82%@S3*<'8C
CußN— Displayed reasonable sympaih. w,th
wheat, the ton being easy early and firm later.
Fric a did not decline seriously, probably because
there was no particular Interest in the market.
Liverpool cables were easy a d -«4d lower. Re
ceipts were 4.9 cars and 122,354 bushels were
taken from storage. The week's exports of corn
aggregated 2.975,000 bushels Export, clearances
at Atlantic ports for the day were 113,207 bushels
The feeling was firm later in the session, beat
having recovered. Alar corn opened 26% c, ad
vanced to 27c, closing at .6% a.27c, %c huher
than yesterday. .Estimated rtce.pta for Monday,
370 cars.
OATtj— Barley held their own, the surroundings
being depressing. Buhld ss was quiet, with in
termittent periods of moderate activity, Receipts
were 268 cars and 4000 bushels were taken from
stornge. Expor.s were 34,436 bushes. Slay oats
closed 14c higher than yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts fur Monday, 225 cars.
FLAX — Was easier. No. 1 74c: Northwestern,
75%@76c; December 74, May,79V*©79%o. Re
ceipts were 62 cars.'
- PROVISIONS— Lie weakness which baa been
the prevailing characteristic or this market for
some time was relieved a trifle this morning. An
advance In hog prices Induced a little buying, and
••shor.s" who have bad things pretty much their
own way lately, covered. January oork closed
1"-'%8>15c higher. January iard 6@7Tv.c higher.
and January rlos 7%c hither.
BUTTKK— Offerings of butter were small to-day.
Business was as active us possible under the cir
cums ances. The market was firm.
Creameries— Extras, 21c lb: firsts. ]B©2oc
teconds. 16.^17c : Imitations, fancy, 12© .4c.
ualnea— Extras, 18c: firsts, 13«ol5c-. setooas 10-4
IVic. Ladles — Extras. 10@Hc; firsts. u^i.,?
Keceipta were light and the Inquiry
brisk. Prices firm. Fresh block sold at 2ic'fi
dozen. v
MONEY- Was firm at 6@7\- on call and time
loans, York exchange sold at 75c premium.
Closing Prices.
WH .£ A November, 76S/ 8 c; December, 75% c;
May, 79tyfcc. /o
CORN— November, 42y±c; December, 238/ aC -
May. 2dy ß^^7c '* *
November, 18c; December, 18% c; May
2184 c.
PuKh" — December, $7 60; January, $7 75;
LA Ru— December, S3 75; January, $3 95; May,
$4 iO.
RliiS— December, $3 70; January, $3 77%;
May, $3 87y a . ■ •*
livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 111., Nov. 21.— The
cattle market was quiet and nominally steady to
day. Only a few were received. The demand for
hogs was active ana the supply was light, even for
a Saturday. Prices were 5c higher. A limited
number cf sheep and lambs was on sale. The de
maud was good and the feeling stronger.
LA'TiXIL-.KeceiDix. 400. >arcv beeves. *5 15
©5 '25: choice to crime 1300 10 1700 tt> elvers.
*4 S-Jta.s 10: good to choice steers. 1200 to 1500 a,
i«&0r««7S; medium steers. 1100 to 1350 lb. $4 00
64 40; lair beef steers, 1000 to 1200 lbs. to CUfe)
k"9S: corrmou beef steers. S3 60(43 75: nood to
choice mockers and feeders. 900 to 1250 tt>. *3 50&
4 0>: fair to good da 600 to 875 ft,. 92 feOttf
3 45; bulls, choice to extra, $3 Ouigti 75: bulls,
poor to choice. $1 UOJi- 90; cows ana better*,
ciiolne to prime.' S3 6u(a4 25; cows, lair to choice.
$■_■ 3U(£3 40: rows, common to fair canners. SI 50
($2 W| calves, good to choice. C 4 75^5 25;
calves, common to good. $2 75 ,4 70; Texas grass
steers, %'i 75@3 65: Western range steers, *3 40
(fii 00; Western range cows ana heifers. %i 30
(a.s t>o; milkers and springers, %J head, $25040;
Texas fed steer*. $,s 70©4 00.
iiOUs— Receipts. lO.UOa Heavy paciln* ana
shipping lots. 93 10a3 40: common to choice
■nixed, $3 16r<43 45: choice lessoned. So 30»
i.42%: light, *3 15*J 421-2: Piss. ** bl>(»3 So
riii-KP — i-.cctiiJi.i. 15oj. auxmi«k ii> ctioice,
»2&3 40; lambs, *3@3 60.
Keceipta at Omaha. . , • , . ;
SOUTH OMAHA. Nebb.. Nov. 21 HOGS—
Receipts. 3100. Market for heavy steady; light
&c higher. Light ana medium. $3 16& J 30; heavy,
$3 07%<st3 20.
CATTL-K — ' Receipts. 1000. Nothing ' good ;
market strong. -Steers. $8 25@i 25; cows, $1 25@
3 25: feeders, $2 75<53 76.
SHEEP— None.
Kecelpts at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Nov. 21. — HOGS— Re
celn:*. 4000. strong. Light, «3 i'o@3 35: medium,
S ■ l.Va:j S'-'y 3 : heavy. «3 1503 3j; piss. ?2 90©
3 05.
CATTLE— Receipts. 800, steady.
SHE El*— Receipts 270 J. steady.
>JfcW loj.r*. aIOUKS.
i:<>n<<». Eichangn, Money »nd Railroad
Mi«r»,.
Money on call easy ac 2V4%. Prime mercantile
paper. &©sy a v. Bar silver, 66c. Mexican uo.lars.
b @sl?/»c. M«rliDs .Exchange firm, with actual
business in bankers' bill* at F4 fc2Va<a>* »2Si for
60 aays and $4 >-6@4 86*4 for demand." ' 1 osied
rttes. «4 fc3®4 86y».-- Commercial bills, *4 81 1*4»
4 82V4- Governmeut bonds steady: btat* bonds
dull: railroad bonus weak, bilver at the' board
higher. •
CLOSING STOCKS.
/m T* ft Cable-.. 80 Norfolk ft Westrn 13
Alfhlßnn.. 14% Preferred..... ... 18
.Preferred..' "* x /i .Northern Pactflc. 15
Adams Kxpms.... 148 ■ Preferred. S!£>Vi
A Hon. Terr* Haute 68 Northwestern 104y 3
American Expresslll . Preferred.. .....148
American 76V4 N. Y. Central... 96
Preferred. 100% N."Y.,CbicaKO*>iU 13
T»y BtateOas...... JOVa' I*l preferred..... 70
halilmore* Ohio . 17 1 ' V<J i-reierred...... 27J/8,
fcrunswlck Lands.. 1«4 X. N. H....... 18 1
l-.uiUlo. Koch f. li ,K. V. <$: »vr Kng. , 45y A
Canada Pacific..... 67 N. Y. busq <ft W... ]..
Canada Southern... 49 j Preferred.......... , 27a/
Canton Land....:... 60% Ontario.;. ...'.;.... . . 9
Central Pacific 16 Uutano & Western 16%
: Chen. <£ Ohio Oregon Improvmns 1
Chicago A1t0n...... 160. j■' Preferred. ..;.... —
Preferred.........! 08 Oregon Navigation 20 .
Chicago. B. ft a... , 78% Oregon (Short Una. . 15
C&lcaco &K. 111... 4U 1acif1cMa11........ 27
Preferred. 95 1 eorla, U. & Kvaas 7JLfc
rblcasoGas.. ... 76 Plltsburi; W. pfd 15
CleveA rittsbnnr.. Pullman Pa1ace.. ..157 >
Consolidation CoaL 34 Quicksilver. J: 3 .
Consolidated Uas..l6U - Preferred. ........ )u
C. C. C. A . au JLoul* 30 -\. Beaaine..'... ...... 308/,
Preferred. 82 KloGrande&Westa -16
Cola Fuel & iron.. 25% Preferred.. ."..... .45 • 1
Preferred .84 ' Hock 151 and........ b9Vi
Cotton Oil Cert .... 25 Horn* WatAOgaoo. 114
Commercial Cable. 150 tv L. & W...... 4%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896.
Del. Hudson. 127 Preferred.........' lf'i/i.
Del.Laclt.tWestrn.l67 6 1. ff*Z£ZZ 75%
i *»7" u i'-^Mi Preferred: ia»^
Preferred......... tit*, Paul & Duiutn. 21^
risUllers^ Preferred.. HO
O*nerai Eloctrio... 32V* St. Paul A Omaha. 42%
trie....;. - 16 Preferred. ....125
Preferred. .16% Bu P. M. A m". ll 1
Fort Wayne. ...;..1«O f-iiver Certificates! 65%
Great Nortnern pMI2O Southern PacJrio 15
Green Bay % Southern K. 14..... iv%
Harlem... ...278 Preferred... 2»V*
Hocninc u0ai...... 6ngarß«flnery*..!.ll6i(i
Hocklmt Valley.... 18% Preferred. 101%
Bomestalce. 34% Term. Coal A lroa. 28
11. <t Texas Cent.. | Preferred. ... yo '
Illinois Central..... 94 | Texas Pacific"* 10
lowa Central . 8% Tol.A.A.&N.Mica".
Preferred Tol. « Ohio Cent.. 20 :
Kansas* Texas... I S3/ 8 Preferred. 60
Preferred 28S /4 Icl.Bl Lonls* K.O. 6
Kingston* Pern... 31 Preferred. _. 15
Lake Erie & Westa 19 Onion Paclno....^ 9^
Preferred. 71 U. P. Den Ualt. 2%
Lakeshory..... — 150% V. 14. Coraace.. ; 6 •
National Lead 25» /4 Preferred. 11%
i referred. co Guaranteed .-.._ 23Vi
l-onir Island BH D. B. Jtxpress 43
1-outsviUe A Nasa. 49% t.b. Leather 10V*
Louisville. NaJtua I Preferred. 66Vi
Preferred. 234 L. H. Rubber....... 25
Manhattan Consol. 9bV* Preferred. 81
Memphis ACham. 15 1 tlca AB. River.. 160
Mexican Central... 8 W ab. s. L. & Pao.. 7*4
Michigan Central.. 90 Preferred.... 16%
Minn a 1... ...„—.. Wells-Farea;. 96
*' refe . d -.. Western Union.... 8< %
Allnn&bt. Leon. 19 Wisconsin Central. -2
JEt preferred 75 Wbeelln? &L. a.. BV4
vflpreferredv flpreferred *» Preferred. ; 32%
i!IS!S ai l , aciaa — 2- 5 / BUm Cotton OUpta. o«
J.obil.jt * ? 22 W. U. 8eet........ 6%
£f?f* vlle * cß*"c B*"- 67 V* Ann Arbor 9
Rational Unseed.. i«% Preferred. 28
?-;:. cc * nlr - 106 BroonljrniraoUoo. 212 1 .
o>oj:UiA»Ußflc«a... 5 nrwMiial.... ai
ar*iX9. BOS'M, ": vy ••■
Ala Class A 45. ....101% Northern Pao lsts. 11 5
Bo Class 4, Bs.. 101 V a Uo2ds... 116
Alabama, ciaas O. art Uotids ' 78
Atcnison«a 79 bo consdl '&»'.'.'" 64%
Do ads A 42 Olmprovemeut Ist 79
Canada South 2ds.. 104% Do 6s. 18%
ten Pac Ist* of '9s. lol < R &X i5t3."..;...'112V
Cherokee 4s, lß9ii. 102 Do :r.nsol 69!".. 96
*^» 1«»7 10-2 OrfchortLln»6s...UOiA
102 I)oconsss.. 66
l)o 1b89... 102 r»cinc<Jsof '9?..:.loJ
Vf«; s *Ouio b8 - — 107 1 eadins4s. bl
TH*^" a ? ' l r Kcts 6s 45 rfdincam. «9
l:t * ??»v 109 h Grande Wesc Ism 75
A>en A " Q Ist 106% KtL&lronMtGen 5i 77
..T I**1 ** ". fe9 Mi.4 Uenlii. 109
t-FiT, *** 64S4|Kt Paul Consols.... 128
*t\\&iJenCltylsta e43 4 !M pC <t Pa lsts... 110
»>H*BA6s 91 ifo Carolina 4%5... 100
iJoiJd Js .....100 ' fcoothern KRBs... 89%
, en . F.lec Deb bs... 91 Do Pao Cal lsU.. 10 7
ii Tex Cent 63.. 109 Term new 3s 8 •
Dooonßa. 100 % cxas Pacific lsiv >>9
lowa Cen.ral .. 69% Texas Paclho 2ds.. 2a
Kansas Pa Consols 70 IV nlon Pae lsts 84102
k»i-»i«U lJ«niUvlll l 1 4s reg of ma 0.119%
I-aConsol 45....... 96 ro 4s, coupon.... 1 19 Vs
Missouri fandln *— — 1 F4«..ree of 1907.1093/*
«lkT2ds.... 69 Do coupon.... 1093/ i
*?£.,**■■'■•' ; 848,; I<Bs rr...ri 95
iloblle<kOhlo4s.. 68% £c6s 113 3
Mutual Union «5,..106 j i o»s. coupon.... 11 2*2
£ J Cent ben 65... 117% \ a funding deot... 605.1
N V C&st Louis 45103a ¥ re lstew>d. _'*
£or<fc\Ve 3 lien 65. 115 i 1 o deferred 65.. 6
*• Carolina ton 4*. 100 I trust rcpts *s. s
' . I>o6a Ixß I Wabasii Ist 05.,... 10514
»cruiwe«Con»ois. 137% Wesitoaort* «*-.... 1« 6
**» O«0 6s 109
FOREIGN MARKETS.
■WHEAT IX LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL* Kko., Nov. 2L-Thespot market
Is dull at 7s 6d. Cargoes lower at 355, prompt
shipment.
JTTCRKS.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Heil Winter: No
vember, bs 6d; December, 6s 6d; January, 6s
6i4d; February, 6s t>V*d; March, Us fr^jd.
SECCBITIJEB.
LONDON, Enq . Nov. 21.— ConsoK 110 9-16;
silver, 29 15-16 d; French Rentea, 102f U2J^c
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — $4 83
sterling Exchange, sight _ 4 86%
Sterling Cables • — 4 87%
New York Exchange, Bight.... — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — I*%
Fine silver, %4 ounce _. —: '. 65
Mexican Dollars 51% 62
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTIiKB GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Qneen Margaret takes fop Cork
76.H20 ctls, valued at $113,700.
urea droppod Be on the first call, but recov
ered 4c on the second. Lower Eastern and foreign
markets caused the break. Spot Wheat was also
off. Quoted at 91 45(0.1 47% for common grades,
81 V -■: > :■■_'• ._. for ay. ia;.- No. I,sl 6354 for choice
aud ♦! 55©1 67% for extra choice f.l milling.
CALL l:OAKI> SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— 72.ooo
ctls, $1 62%; 2000, *1 60: 2000. «1 50^; 16,. 00,
$1 61; 2000. *1 62: 2000, $1 61%: 40. $1 ..'Ji .-. :
*4.000. $. 628/,; 14,000. $1 t>3; 14,000, $1 SJVs:
4000, $1 62%; Ja'fOO. $1 b2*,t.
second bESSIos-— ilay— 34.ooo ctls, 81 64:
14 000, |1 541,4 10.00 543/ ; at3,o'Jo,si 63%;
10,000. $1 54Vs: 40.0U0. $1 64%: 2KOOO, *1 B4M
December— 2l/00, $1 47%: '."000, $1 4b%; 4000,
$1 • 8»4.
Rioulab Mobxijjo fesbion — May — 2HOO
ctls. $1 54%: b&000, $1 641/4*. 4000, $1 64;
16.000, fl 64%: 42.000, $1 o4s/g- December—
2000, $1 48% c: 2,00, $1 49%. . .
BARLEY- is weaker. Wo quote Feed, 80®
82% c; choice bright, 85c: Brewing, 90@95c; No.
1 «.hevalier, $1 10@l 20 V ctl.
CAM, BOARD BALKS.
Ixfokmai. Sissiox— 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second (session— May- 4000 ctla, 92c;*4000.
91 7 » -■-
Rkodlab Mobninq Session— May— 2ooo ctls,
PSVsC
OATS— Continue quiet and steady. White range
from $1 10 to $1 Ml V according to quality.
Black, for teed, 80c@31 05: for seed, $1 70&1 35;
Uray, nominal; Red, $I@l 10: ' Surprise, nominal.
CORN— Continues to decline. Offerings are alto
gether too lar*e. - Large Yellow. 83c $ ctl; Small
Round do. $1 3 ctl: White. 85@87%c.
RYE-$l 07%@l 10 '«* ciL
BUCKWHKAI-fl 25@1 35 fl ctl.
FLOUR AND »III.LSTITFF3.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extra*, $5@5 10: Bakers' extras, $4 90@5; super
fine, $4 I£@4 EOi* bbl. >.'^<
CuKNJIr.AI, ETC.— Feed Corn, $19 6J@2O»
ton; Cracked Corn. $20rg,20 50 fi on.
MILL-STUFFS— Prices In sack* are as follows,
usual discount to the rude: (iranam Flour, $2 85
* 100 lbs: Rye Hour, $2 75 $ 100 Bis; Rice our.
$5 75: Cornmeal, $- 85; extra cream do, $3;
Oatmetl, $3 50: Oat Groats, $4: Hominy, $3 .0
@.-f 30; Buckwheat Flour, $3 25@3 60: Cracked
Wheat, s3 50; farina, $4: Whole Wheat Flour.
$3; Rolled Oats (bbls). «6@6 40. Pearl Barley,
$3 76@4; Split Peas, $3 60; Green do, $4 25 V*
100 lbs. r
HAY AND JTKEDSTUrrS.
Hay is quiet, in spite of the moderate receipts.
BRAN-fl4@:4 60 for the best and *13@13 60
¥ ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— for lower grades and
$19 60@20 60 9 ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFF- — Ho. led Barley,, $18019 a ton-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $23 '$ ton; iubbinK S"4 :
Clipped Oats, *1 «o@l 3j * ctl.
HAY— Wheat, *B@lO 60: Wheat and Oat *7<a
10: Oat. $b@9: Barley. «7&8 60: River Barley
*5@6 50; AI alfa. $5 £o©B 60 compressed. 4Uft3
9 60: stock. $6®6: Clover, $6@3 a ton. ®
BTRAW— 3S®6Oo bale.
BEANS AND SEED 3.
BEANS— AII kinds are dull and the feeling I
weak. Bayos are quotable at $1 35@1 60 9 ctl-
Small Whites. $1 20@l 40 "$ ctl: Large Whites
$115@135 * ctl; Pln*s.*l@l 10: R*ds.- »1 20
@1 SO: Blackeye, «I©l 25; Ked Kidney, $ • 60-
Lima*. $1 SlKfli*; Butler* $1 40<gl 70; Pea, $1 25
@1 4 1 »i ctl. '
BEKDS— Brown Mustard, $2 75@3; Yellow Mus
tard, $2 10@2 25 $ ctl; Flax. *1 3o@l 40: Canary
Seed, .y,,m 34c «t Vt>; Aifalia. 6Vk(»BViC; Kape,
2V^c: betup, JVa c > '
»i D 4 K o®i D 6oVctr XUeB ' $1@1 16 * cas Green :
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGBTABLES.
POTATOES— new. Sweet Potatoes, 76c
V ctl In sacks and 75cft$$l in boxes; ' Early Rose
30@35c; Burbank Seen ings, 25@36c for Rivers
ano 50«95c «l ctl for Salinas.
ONI.N-_^6<a.4oc 9 ctl; Pickles are hardly
worth quoting any longer. : .
VECit-TABLEis— Mushrooms are quotable at 6
@10c « lb for common and 12%@150 IS Tb for but
ton*: Marrowfat -quash, »4@b p ton: £„ Planu
25@40cr«box; Tomatoes. lvy a@.oc;a @.0c; v u< umbers
2i.@soc; Green Peppers, 30@5uc Tf, laree bx: Dried
Peppers, 7(a,d- & to; Green Peas, iy>@4c: String
Beans. S@so r%♦ , Hi: Gre>n Okra, 400600
ft box: DiUdOkra. ld@l2%c i» lb; Cabbage, 40'< a
60c 9 ctl; Carrots, 30©400 ft sack; Garlic, I%@
20 * lb. - • **
BUTTKB, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Prices show no chaneo.
Cbkameby— Fancy, 2 6@26c; seconds, 23®'.'4c
» &>
Daisy— Fancy, 2<?@23c: rood to choice, 200
21c; lower cranes, 15g;18c $ lb. ■
PICKLKD— I6O 18c |4 lb * .
Fibkin— lt@l7i * tb.
ckkam by 1 üb— 19C V lb.
«JIK.SE — Choice mild new is quotable . at
1 l@l2c; common to good old, t@loa: Cream Ched
dar, 1 j@l2c:.Yonng America. *i%@lK%c: West
ern, UV2@I2V2C: Eastern, 12%(&i5%c % fit.
EGGS' — Previous prices ruie. , l-.a-aern, 20®
2-%0.* dozen for lair- to choke; 26@27%c 'f.
doz>-n for iau<y and 17%@18%c for ro.d-sioraie;
ranch Kggs, 26@»'Jc for llel 7 , 34@3«c for small
to m diuni an.i 37>^®40c tor fancy; cold-storage,
22%@24c; Duck Eg is. 25c.
POUI. IKY AND * AMI
POULTRY— Turkeys continue to advance.
Live Turkeys, 13@15c fl lb for Gobblers, 12@15c
V Ib for Hens; Dressed iur*e s, 14©16 c; Geese,
ft pair, 1.60s Una Ings, $1 60®-': Uuoka.' *3 50
@4 for old and $4@5- for vomit ; Hens, $4@5 9
duz: lioosters, fOflui, $8 sL'@4 60; no, old. $i(A
4 60: Fryers, $3 2mu 50 I. rollers, S3 25@3 50
for large and $'i 50@3 for small: Pigt-ons, $1 25©
150 dozen for young and 76c for old.' . - ~
GAMK— The market 'Outinues In good shape.
Quail nre quotable at $I@l 25 "f do/en; Mallard,
$Q@ti ?t dozen: canvasuack, 83@ r ': Sprig, $. j (a
8 bo: Teal, »» doi I Widgeon. • f2®2 5<J: Small
Duck, $1 50&1 76; KoglUh Suipe, $1 60(^2; JacK
Snipe, $1; Hare, 60c@$l: Rabbits, $1 2E@l 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for small; Gray Geese. $3;
Whke Get.se, $1 2b@l 50; Brant, $1 50@2.
DECIDUOUS AKD CITKTJS FBUIT3.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Apples are selling well, considering the large ar
rivals.
Pomegranates. 50@60c box.
Apples. 85c<a*l * box for choice, $1 25 for fancy
Re •. Ss©6sc lor common; Eastern, «3@3 25 %4 bbU
Pears, 25@6!Vc V* box: v\ Inter Nellia, 75c@$l 25.
Persimmons, 40@75c © box.
BKKRIES—
Cranberries from Cape Cod, $8 bO©9 ~$ bbl;
frcm Coo» Bay, $2 50 "$ oox.
berries, 51®4 for large berries.
RBspberrles, $6 ft chest.
GRaPi-..-— Verdelsare read Ins at present. Tokays,
30@50c; Black rapes, Bn@4o •%4 box; Verde s,
60@60c ft box: Cornicho^s, lO^bUc; Muscat, 4t@
60c; Grapes in crates briug 10io>:6c more than in
boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— Fresh Mexican Limes are of
fering Grape Fruit, $6@B: New Navel . Oranges.
S2 5U@4 60 t* box: Seed ingi, $1 60@2 60 %) box;
Lemons, *l(a>l 60 %4 box for common and $2
£&2 50- box for EOOd to choice : Mexican Limes,
»•'■ 5U@4 50: California Umt-s, 60@75c; Bananas,
tl@2 ft bunca; Pineapples. $-'«3l $ duz.
DRIED FRUITS, KAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIKD FRUITS-
Bales are small, but sufficient to maintain prices/
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows: . ' . • .
Cabload Lots— Aptlcots are quotable at 6@9c
for Royals and 2 (»12c for choice to fancy
Woorparks; Prunes, fc%c -or th» 4 sizes; Peaches,
4(ai6VBC for prime to choice, t>%@7c for fancy and
9@.octor peeled In boxes: Apple,, 63^ c V lb for
evaporated and 2@2%0 for sun-dr ed; Pears. 2%
@5c for prime to cho.ee, 4®o%c for quarters and
6@6%c for halves; P.ums 4c for pitied «i d l%c
for uupitted; Nectarines, 3%@4%c for choice and
6%ctorfaucy; ttlte Figs, ac; Blaci Figs, 2%
@2%c.
Jobbi.no PBicE»-Peache», 4%©5% c V n>:
fancy; 6%@7%c %t tt>: peeled. l^V s c %1 lb; Aprt
co.h, 6%@».- w tt>; ftucy. 10c; Moorparks, 12@
13c; evaporated Apples, %i.c: sun-dritd, 2fA®3c:
Prunes, B»a@4c for the 4 si«-s: Figs, black, be for
unpressed aud 3@3%c for pressed: white Fit-s,
4c; Plums, 4%@5c for pitted and l%c for on
pined: Nectarines, 4@6c "# Ib for prime to fancy;
Pear*, 2%@.bc for whole, 4%@5%0 for quarters
and 4%@6%c for halves.
KAM.V. —
Carload Prices, f. o. b. Four-crown
loose. 6%c; 3 crown. 4Vic: 2-crown, 314 c: seed
less Sultanas. 5%c: seedless Muscatels, 4iAc; 3
crown Londo < layers. $1 16; clusters, *1 50;
Dehesa c:u ters. $2 50; Imperial dusters, $3:
dried Grapes, 3c <$ ft.
Jobbing I'bicks— Fbancibco— Four-crown,
loose, 6840 : 3-crown, 4%c: 2-crown, 884 c; seedless
Sultanas. 53/ic: seedless Muscatels, 4 i/ a c; 3-crown
London layers, $1 25: clusters. $1 00; Deht-sa
C.usiers, $2 75; Imperial clusters, *3 25.
NUTs— Chestnuts quotable at r<@10o: Walnuts,
6%@7c 9 lb tor s.andanJ and 6@au,c ft ft
fnr softsht-11: Almonds. 6@6%c for Languedoc,
3(3H%c for hardshell and b.cwc for paper-shell,
jobbing; Peanuts, 4@Gc for Eastern and 4c for
California: hickory Nuts, 6<a"tic %i lb: Pecani,
7%(28c ip lb; belts. 7%@Bc; BrazU Nuts,
7%(g*c: l ocoHQUts, 4@sc^ 100.
• H -NKY— 1.@12%c for bright and s@9c
for loner trades: wa:«;r-whitp extracted, 5©5y 2 c:
light amber extracted. 4%(si%c; dark amber, i^
4V-c; dark. 2®3c y Ib. . .
B'EJSbWAX— 23@.6c * Ib. ■
ri.ovisioNs.
Quotations remain unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c ft !b for heavy, 7o
lb for light medium. 9%c for Ugh. 10c %4 S> tor
extra light and ll%c f> tt> for sugar-cured. Kast
ern - sugar-cured llama, 13@13%c: California
Hams, ii(g,il\ 2 "■ Mess Beef. 57(q,7 50: extra
mess do, $B@B 50: family do, $9®9 50; extra
prime Porte, $7 50(&8: extra clear. $16 9 bbl;
niOMS, $14 f* bbl: smoked Beef, lor %l lb.
LA RD— Eastern, tierces, is quoted at tic for com
pound and 6%@7c for pure: pails. 7%c %i lb: Call
tomtit tierces, b@s%c %* lb for compound and 6i/ic
for pure; half-bois, ti-Jic; 10- S) tins. 71.4 c; do 5-tt>,
7V«c * tb.
co 1 iui.kne— 2 c in tierces and 73.1©
8y 8 c In 10-tt) tins. • v
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Are quiet, but firm.
Heavy salted Eteers.are quotable at . B@»%c ft
Ib: culls and brands, 7@7%'c; me Hum, 7@7%c:
culls and braid-,. 6@6%c; light,' 6@6%c; culls
and brands, 6@5%c; Cowhides. 6®6%C: culls ana
braeds, *6@sU,c; salted Kip, 6©."c; salted Calf,
7@sc; salted Veal, 6@7c: dry Hides. 13c 9 lb:
culls and brands.' 10c ft Ib;dry Kip and Veal. 10c:
culls. He "c" It)- dry Calf, ISc; culls li.c: Goatskins,
2< f'iMsc each; Kids, sc; Deerskins, goo>i summer,
20igabc%*tt>; medium. 15©20 c- winter. 7(d9c;
Miecpskiijs, sbeaiilncs, lC@.sc each; short wuol,
20(a350 each; medium, 40(^^0ceach; long wools,
6v@boc each. . .
1 ALLOW— No. 1. rendered. 8c; N0.2, 2V 3 9
&>: refined. 51,4 c: Grease. 2c ft fit.
WOOL— We quote Fall Wool: Mumboldt and
M«'ii.:oclno. B'fl.Hc x 1x 1 tt> free northern, 7%©8% c;
middle conn. Irs, tie-. 6%@7c; do. defective, 4%
@be; ban Joaquln, 3@f>c: 110. footbil , &(5,7c; t a<t
ern r.-gon spring. 7%@9c: Valley O.egun, 11%
@12% c; do. fail and .1 iubs', ll@U%c
v HOP —Firm at tf^ioc %i lb for fair to choice,
and 11@12%c for strictly fancy. -'
<■' 1:1. I. MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 10©4 15;
San Quentln, $4 20: Wool Bags, 5U%(&26%c;
Fruit Bats, b%@6&
COAL- Wellington. $8 $ ton: New Wellington,
$8 V ton; r-outhfleld Wellington, $7 50 9 ton;
beanie, $5 50^6: Bryant, 6<£6 50: Coos Bay, $5:
Wallsrnd. »6: scotch, ; Brrmbo, : «. um
berland, $13 ton In bulk and $4 In sks; Peunsvl
vania Anthracite Egg, *lif<jlg >* ton; Welsh An
thracite, $8@10: Cannel, «8«8 60; H- ok springs,
t'astle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke,
$ll(i$12lu bulk and $13 ft ton in sks
CANNED SALMON -The Alaska Packers' Ah
eoclatlon quotes Red Salmon as follows: In lots
of 25,000 cases. 95c %•• dozen; 50.000 cases, 92% c
9 dor en; 76,000 cases, 9i)o li dozen, net casn t a
b. ex-sblp.
\ BUG A it— The Western Sugar Heflnlne Company
quotes, terms net cosh: Cube and Crushed, be:
Powdered, 5%c; Fine Crushed, 6c; Dry Granu
lated, 4y 8 c; Confectioners' A, 4%c: Magnolia a,
4%c; Kx>raC, 43/gt; Golden C, -»i4o; half barrels
14c more than barrels, aud boxes %o more.
SAM FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale ratts for dressed stock; from slaugh
terers are as follows: .
BK'- V— Choice, 6%c: first quality, Be: second
do. 4@4%c: third do, 3%c V lb.
Vt.U.- Large, 4V>@so: small, 6@7c &>.
MUTTON — Wethers, 5@5%c; Ewes, 4@Bc
$ It.
LAMB— S«6c ? tb.
POKK— Live Hogs, 3Vi@3»/tC * lb for large and
medium and 3V4.@3Vs tur small; drassed do, 4
©s>*c H lb. .
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE
TO*. 24 HOPBS.
nonr. nr ■*«.... S.X6B i>uuer. ctls 30
Oregon 6,6811 Cheese, cus 5
V* he* . nils. 7,475 Kiign, dor 1,890
Oregon 7.14U li ldes.' n0.... ... —
Farley, c:ls 6,V!fiß Pelts. fells I&5
Oats, ctls ....... 115 Wine, gals 23,100
Eastern 1,851; Wool, bis 599
Cometh; 60) Oregon 170
KeyptnCorn.ctls 145 Sugar, Obis.. 1,972
Beans, ski ...; 286 l-oainer. r0115.... -60
Potatoes, sks.... 2,396 Kaistns. boxes.. 1,741
Onions, ales 235 Tallow, ctls .... . 46
Bran. nit 5. ....... 2,363 Lime, M)ls I*o
Oregon. V.649! Hods. bis._ 18
Mutating*, sits... 1,470 j Alfalfa Seed, ska 83
Ji»y, t0n5........ 260
TREE UPON TREE TOP.
A Curious Plant Which la Often Found
Growing" on the Top of Another Tree.
The enpr, or, as it is sarcastically called
in the English possessions, "the attor
ney," is one of the most curious as it cer
tainly is the most picturesque denizen of
the virgin forests of the West Indian
Inlands. It belongs to the parasitical
family of trees or plants, but, terrible to
relate, it invariably with the basest in
gratitude destroys all life in the unfor
tunate tree that cherishes it in its early
growth. The seeds are borne on the wings
of the wind and deposited on the branches
of other trees, when they burst into roots,
which are dropped toward the ground all
round the "nurse" tree. In. time these
roots reach the ground and strike into the
soil.
From this moment the roots grow
stronger and stronger, until they resemble
a lot of roDe ladders thrown over the
tree. Next the parasite sends down a
great cord, which twines round the trunk
01 the supportine tree, at first as though
in loving embrace, bat it grows tighter
and tighter, eventually strangling its ben
efactor out of existence. .The "nurse" tree,
thus killed, rots to decay, and from T the
immense fibrous roots of th« destroyer
now.springs a great trunk, which rises
high into the air. When the cupy i 3 full
grown it presents a magnificent spectacle,
for the cord-like roots rise often to fifty c>r
sixty feet, and support in midair the vast
tree itself. — London Tid Bits.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
November. 1896.
So.
Mo.
i To.
|W.
iTh.
|*r.
,Sa.
Moons Pbi
—
__
—
2
3
4
5
c
7
New Moon.
Nov 4.
—
—
9
10
11
12
is
14 I
3iFlra: Quart-
w Aot. 11.
—
15
18
17
18
19
20
21
—
. f \ Full Moon.
Nov. 20
Tl
28
34
25
s3
87
•28 I
/i*\Lait Quarter.
SO
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure From San Fr»nci»co.
steam -.b | I. «T NATION. |
SMC*.
| piier.
1-arallou Vaquiua Bay. .\<iv '."2 SJAJii'.erl; .
Coos Bay Nfwpor; Xov 123. f*M Pi»r II
Del None... Grays Harbor. NovJ4,ln m Pier 28
Columbia... Portland ...... Nov 24.111 am
10r0nh...... >»n IJleso. \ov2s.lla* Pl»rll
Orizaba Mexico Nov 2s.loam Pier 11
Mexico...... Vie& PgtSod Xov 25. 9aii Pier 9
P0m0na..... Humboldtßat Nov .6, km Pier 9
Empire Urecon ports. . Nov'J6. 6pm Pier IS
Kureka... Newport >0v27. \au Pter i i. -
City Sydney Panama.: N0v28,12 m PMSS
SiaieorLai. Portland .Nov29.loasi Pl«r il
banca Rosa. Sao D1e50..... Nov^9,llau Her 11
City Puebla V ie * P?t ! Xov 30. «am Pier 9
ttun01.. ."..:. lirxr< Harhor N' v SO. lVw Pier 'i •
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
->TK*KKK
V KD
Pit-.
San Bent to.
Washtenaw ....
Corona.'....
Cilv of Everett.
Empire.....
City of Peking..
Homer .........
P0m0na ........
North tone.
Eureka...........
Slate of Ca1....
City Puebla....
Arcata ;.-..;.;
Banta Kosa ....
Mackinaw
Pro greso... ......
Bunoi... .„...■.;.
Australia.
Coos Bay
Kan Jose
Doric
1-arallon
Crescent «'itv. ..
Tacoma...
5eatt1e.............. ......
van Diego.
Departure Bay
Portland, ... ...-..'........
China and Japan.
Coos Bay*.
HumbolcU Bay.
Humboldt Bay
New port... '.V..
Portland. ....-
Victoria <& Puget Sound
Coos 8ay....
tiau i)ieu0......_
i aroma ...,
Seattle
Grays arbor.
Honolulu .............
Newp0rt...;...;.-.
Panama..........
China and Japan
Yaqalna Ma r
rr*w*n*Clrv... .. .....
Nov i 2
..Nov 22
i.Nov a:i
..Nov 23
..Nov -i\
..Novi*
...Nov 24
.."NOV 34
..Nov .4
...Nov 25
..NovJ6
...Nov 2U
..Nov 27
..Nov 27
. . Nov 27
..Nov *7
..Nov 2S
. Nov 28
..Isov -i»
..Nov 29
..Nov2»
Nov 29
..Nov SO
SUN,MOON AND TIDE.
I". R. Coast ant» Gkodktic Brrßvur TrDa) 1 )
Bn.t.KTix l'rnuuiKD BY Official. {-
ACTHuRITV or TBI M:P«BIXTK> UKVT. )
Suu-a ■, Novemoer 22-
Rnn rises 6.59 Moon rises... 0.23pm
bun sets 4 64 Moon sets.
November - 1893.
* T">.» Fe<>i •!• ■■ Feel 'I-. Feet T '""" Fa«:
? H-w I, W n -v I. w /
23 3.0«
24 3.48
25 i .-
-26 605
27 5.41
28 6..1
4.2 550
4.3 6 .'8
4 « 7.3-
-4.9 H.3i»
6.2 9.53
5. 3 10.10
as ia.n>
at. Jl it'll 577 7. H1— 0.7
8.9 1 12.08 6.4 7.54 —0.5
3.6 12.52 5.0 8.37 —0 2
3.4 l.bl 4.5 9.-J5 i;-j
3.0 :«.06 4.1 10.17 0.7
2.4 4.40 3* 11.14 1.3
1.6 07 8.9 ...... ......
Note— ln the above exposition of tha tides tbc
early morning tides are given In tbe left band
column, and the successive tide* of the day in iv»
order of occurrence at to time. The second time
column gives the second tide ot the day, the third
time column the third tide, and toe last or right
band column gives tho last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometime*
•ccurs. The heights given ars additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then tha number given la subtractlva
trom thw depth given by the cban«-
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of tha Uni'ed States Hvdrograpb.le
Offl c located In tbe Merchants' Exchange Is
maintained in Baa Francisco for the benefit ot
mariners without regard to nationality and tree of
exuense.
Navigator* are cordially Invited to visit tha
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directors of the world are kept on ban! ror corn
par -sou and reference, and the latest information
can ai wars be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and til matters of lnurost to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the build ng on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutfs before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day troru tha
United States Naval Observatory a. Mare Island.
Cat.
A notice stating whether the :lme ball waa
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any, is
pubu.ibei the same day oy the a: ternonn papers,
aad by the morulug papers the following <a<\
W. H. 1! ÜBHO,
Lieutenant, U. b. N., In oliarga.
Th«» Time Ball.
Ikakch Htdboobaphio OrFtcit, TT. 3. X.. 1
Mbbcbants' haN'h V -
• Ban Fbancuco. Noveuioer 21, 1893. )
T^• time ball on lelegraua iitlt was aroppvl
exactly at noon to-day— L c.. al noon of the IJOUJ
meridian, 01 exactly at 0 f. m.. Greenwich mm.
v 'W. S. HuaHKS,
'«.^/»: ■ L'^ntrniint IT. S. N. In i".ar;c
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Air vocl.
SATUKDAY, November 21.
Btmr Geo Loomls, Brlagett, 3H hours from V-n
-tur.i; 0360 buis oil, to Union O>l Co. L'u rlvtr
direct.
Stmr Del None. Sto- kfleth. 7'J honrs from Uravs
Harbor: pai<i ana m let to ■ X \V uoJ Lumber 1 o.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunrlerson, 4! hoars from
San fedro; ballast, to L X Wnlte Lumber (Jo.
Stmr Coos Bay, Jansen. 7'i hours from New
por : prtss ana nidse. to Uoodall, Perkins A Co.
StmrColnmbia, in:m»r. b* l /* hours from Port
land, via Astoria -il^i tiours; pasa audmdse, u>O
X Jt N Co.
Simr Mexico, Thomas. 72 hours from Victoria
and Paget Sound; pass and mdse, to Goodall,
Per Kins <ft < o.
Stiiir Coast, Hansen, — hours from
Eureka; lumber, to J R Uaalfv. Up riVrfr direct.
lir.siili) Drumburton, spurrtn<. bl days ;rom
Sydney arrived off tli.s port, and was ordered to
proceed to Portland.
Br sbi{> More on, pparte, 54 days from Mel
bourne; ballast to nns er.
Br nul^ Dunco\v. Or-«v s. 5B days from Talea
huano, and was ordored to proceed 10 Port Towns,
en >.
SchrC T mil. Rnrt'iach. 14 days frm Grays Har
bor: M ft lumber, to f X Wood Lumber Co.
bchr Bender Broiners, Wetsel, 4M tiours trom
Boa ens Landing: 90 cd< wood. IO Bender Bros.
."-chr Arcbieand Fon.ie. C'olstrup. 48 lio rs from
Iver*<>ns Landirg; k 0 r<ls wood. :oN Iversen.
schr Corinthian, Zaddart, 40 hours from Point
Anna: woo au>i potti. to Ben 'er brus.
SchrJ M Weatherwax. Hughes, 15 days from
Urav s Harbor, bouna to Fiji Inlands. Put in here
in distress.
Cleared.
RATUROAY, November2l.
Ftrr.r Pomona, Doran, Kureka: uoodaii, Perklas
& Co.
s;inr Coos Buj, Jansen, Kan Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins <& Co.
Baric Martha Davis, Boole, Honolulu; Welch. &
Co.
Kchr Eva. Kl'tgiani, Ocos: J E Georee.
Bchr Helen N Klmball, (Jutiormsen; Kabulul;
Alexander A Baldwin.
>Bllotl.
SATURDAY. November 21.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka,
btmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
S: mr Point Arena, strand. Meudoclno.
Stmr Arcata. Cousins. Coos Bay.
1 r siii" Quren Margaret, Faulkner, Queenstown.
Br sli p Rois-sh.'re. Baxter, London.
Ship Oriental. Parker. Natiaimo.
Br snip Cromartyiiitre, Handorson, QueeDStOwn.
Br ship l'nrl; in. Blan hard, liv.l.
Bark PrusfU, Hanson Port Klakeley.
Si'iir Nettie Sundbori;, Johnson,
bchr Moro. Jorgenson, CoqulUe River.
i •■..— r in'ii'-.
POTVT Lor.oH. Nov. 21.— 10 p. m.— Waatasc
cloudy; wind SE; velocl y B miles.
Charters
The shlD Alex McNeil loads coal at Seattle for
this port; ship Big Bonanza, coal at Naualmo for
this por : scbr R W Banlett, sugar a: Kabulul for
this port; Br bark Criffel, wheat a. Portland for
Europe. 28s Si/ " ,
Spoken. . ;
Per Br ship Doncow— Nov 2 In lat 12 N, long
117 W, Br ship Gunford, hence Oct 20, for Queens
town. • '.'.'»■■ ■-."-
Per Br ship Moreton— Oct 9 In lat 35 2? S. lons
72 56 W. Hr ship Carnavon Castle, from New
castle, NSW, lor Mollendo. ■ .
1 . . ':l)ome<tio Porn.. *■ .
TACOMA— Cleared Nov 20— Br ship Drumcraltr,
for Queen^town : Br bark VII I alia, for Freemantie.
»OUTH BKND- Arrived Not 21— diji.- Bunol,
hence Nov 17. ■
FOKT ROSS— Arrived Nov sjchr Etta B bee
Nov 17. /
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Bonlta, hce
Nov 19. . .
ASTußlA— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, hence Nov 19.
sailed .Nov 21— Hr bark Linden, for Durban.
COLLINS:. LANDING— SaiIed Nov 20-acar
Mary Etta, for San Franclscu.
-BEAT! Llfi— Arrived Nov Bark Alex Mc-
Neil, from san a Rosalia.
COOS BAY— Nov ai-^tmr Homer is barhound.
A SE Kale is blowing with barometer falling. ' - :
POi;T LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov L'l— atmr
Newsboy, and aai.e 1 for . WBiWßSfjg>M
CASPAR— Nov Hi-star Jewel, for San
Francisco.
FORT ROSS— Sailed Nov 21-Scnr Etta B, for
San Francisco.
ECKEKA- Arrived Nov Schr John A, bnce
Nov 17.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov. 17— Br stmr Olympic,
from Yokohama. ' ■ ■ • ■
l':i*t Tii Port*.
NEW YORK— Arrived 21— Stmr Advance,
from Colon. ; >;
Foreign Port*.
VICTORIA— No^ 21— Br ship Manx
King, froti Liverpool: ■'• Br ship ' Aniora, from
Taicahuana: Br bark Calrnsmore, from Brisbane.
! ORT PIRLE-Arnvaa Nov 20-Barx Palmyra
from Port Gamble. " ' .-■ ' ,
MOol) Vl LLE— Cleared Nov — —Br ship F.r
rolL for Adelaide.
FhA-ER RlVEß— Cleared not Br baric
Glenogle, for Liverpool. -
SAN JO X DE GUATEMALA— saiIed Nov. 21
-~<- 1, r Bailor Boy, for Port Townsend. . ■ ■■
CHA... PB.KIUO— Arrived Soy 19-Schr Llll©.
bonne, hence On 21." "
Movements or Trans- Atlantic Stsamert
NEW YORK- Arrived Nov 21— Stmr St Loni*,
from Southampton; nmr Eutrurla, from Queens
town and Liverpool; s mr India, from Mediter
ranean por s. ■■■- .' ■' '":">■
-ailed Nov : 21— S ■" r Lncanla, for: Liverpool;
stmr Mobile, for London; st nr Willie! m 11. for
Nap an 1 Genoa. .i > 3tCWflPMfl*w n^B|iißl > BwH
PLYMOUTH— ArrivedoutNov2l--si.ua- Feurst
Bismarck. :£• • '■ - I: - • ■
HA VRE— Sailed Nov 21— Stmr La Bretagne, for
New York." ■-■..;%. ■ . : . .. j, , - .... = i-.V 1 -'
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Nov Stmr Bt Paul
for New York. • v
. . ■ - .
LIZARD-PassedNov SO-^tnr Noraland, fiom
New York, for Ko terdain. Nov ai— aimr La
Champagne, from Mew York, for Havre.
'mnnrturion.
GRAYS HARBOR— Per Del Norte— 7o pkits
6books, 325 M ft lumber. 8 car axles. 4 pkgs mdse,
600 cs salmon. 4 piegs muse. <
PORTLAND A ND ASTORIA— Per Columbia—
26665.s 4 4 gunnies flour 4 ' ins bran, .500 sks
shorts, • b.-.7.' sks wheat. 1255 hlaes." skins' and
pelts. 489 nd's 64 rolls paper, 170 sks wool. 1 car
1645 bdls snooks. 60 . bdls hides, 34 ■ bbls cranber
ries, 411 skso.esters. I lot express, 1 sk coin. "
MONTE Per Coos B&y— 1 bbl wbUky. -
Sant-i Cruz-3 bxs apples t ; -• . . M ,
San Simeon— ll ox- butter, 3ra eggs. 1 sks quail,
14 bxs crackers. 2 bxs b ota un 1 shoes, 1 1 bx bak
lnt; powder, 11 bx9 fish 31 dressed calves.
ucos— 1 sit abaiones. 4 ca eggs. 1 tub 6 bX3
butter, 9 bdls hides 24 dressed calves. ...
Port Harford— Vi bxs fish. 11 .cs eggs, 123 bxs
apples 84 sks dried truit, S bxs butter, 2 coops
chickens. It-dressed calves. :* T ' '.•' ' ;""''' '.*:*•{
Gavio a— so 4 sks corn, 8 cs honey,' 1 a cheese.
27 sks crawfish. •
Santa Barbara— 4 sks walnuts. 1 19 bxs lemons, 4
sks crawfish, 2 sks as, 2 drums cheese.
Carp nteria — 1 sk walnuts.
Ventura— so bxs lemons. 1 roil leather, 2 ska
seed, 1 bx tea, 4 pkgs md*e. 3tis pcs pipe, 1 bo: oil.
1 register, cs co.i) oil, Ics salami, 3cs varnish.
Hueueme— lo kegs nai's Ica honey.
San Pedro— l pkg mdse.
East San Pedro— 3 bxs solder.
. Newpo.t— 6 bales chill, 1 bx raisins, 75 bii
oran es. 286 sks corn, 7 bxs lemons, 2 bdls pelts.
49 sks walnuts.
f'on»l <rn«>«»
Per Del Norte— E KWo A Lumber Co; Weston
Basket Mtg Co; Simpson Lumber Co; H Ulrica: C
EOlbbs&Co.
Per Columb a— l P Thomas: Thomas Lougbran;
M P Detels: F Hlllens <t Co; Otis. McAllister & Co:
Geo Morrow <fc Co: Allen & Lewis: d W Emmons:
Schwabacher Bros; Moore, Ferguson A Co; West
ern «oil Paper Co; Bts-.lncer & Co; A Zellerbach &
C->; Ames a Dai am: Willamette Pulp & Pa:>er
Co: Geo Abbott: Morgan Oyster Co; 8 Koshland &
Co: Dodge, -*weener i Co; Fogarty & Parker; Chas
Carlson: Clatsop Mill Co: Wells, Fargo A Co : AS
Smih: M E A Warner; J A La. v.
Per Coos Bay— Llevre, Fricke A Co; Berry Bros:
Campodonlco .ft Malcolm; New mark & Edwards: P
Giidmacner; Gould <tJaudln: L r>c»iena <fc Co; L
AChrls.ensen; Gray <& Barbleri: DBiaKi&Co; L
s stame & Co; Sunset Seed and Plant Co : Pnlla
delphia Brewery; WO Price (Jo; Pacific Metal
WorKs: Dunham, Carripan A Co; Getz Bra & Co;
James Falrciou?h: II L-vl &Co; P A McDooad:
O W bbs: C Carpy & Co: Bakerdt Hamilton: T
H Wbelan. DE Allison A Co: Levl Spiegel <t Co;
Simpson Co- Allen & Lewis: A Paladin! ; F L
Krumb; American Union Fish Co; P A Mi Donald:
Garcia* Ma^zlni; Mig Wine Co: A Levy Co: J
B Inguglia & Co: H Dutard: Wellman. Peck dt Co :
Del Monte Milling Co; Enterprise Brewery; US
Bottling Co; Wm clloe; Dodste, Sweeney & Co: Mr
ilcCuna: McDonough <fc Runyon: Standard Oil Co;
CE Whitney iuo : HUmer, BredhoU ASctiulr: J
Rappitso-i: Marshall, Tetr^art 4 Co ; Hills Bros;
Wetmoreßros: Western Meat Co; A J B Immel:
0 E Whitney & Co: Dairymen's Union: ' Pac coast
Fish Co; Wltzel & Baker: Porter, Slesslnger A Co:
H Kirch mann <£ Co; Brlgham, Hopped: Co; r U.-l
A Co; J B locum: Cal Bottling Co: A• H Lock
baum: HHeckman Co; H N Tllden&Co: V D
Vergiilo; 1 Schweitzer A Co: WBSumner&Co:
Overland Freight and Transfer Co: oilo il Starr A
Co; De Bernard! A Co; Ch!< a*o Brewery. .
Tor Lot* ShltyMna JntelUoenoi «aj Tw'lfth Poor.
.. _'.-..■ roy to-pat:
GERMAN SAVINGS & LOAN SOCIETY,
,"'. 626 California St., S. F.
Capital actually paid up in cash.... $1,000,000 00
Deposits DecemDer 31, 1895 30,727,586 69
Reserve fund ". Tl&.OOo 00
Guaranteed capital 1,200,000 00
OFFlCERS— President, B. A. Becker: First
Vice- President, Edward Kruso: second Vice-
President,- Daniel Meyer; Cashier, A. H. R.
Scnmidl; Assistant Cashier, William Herrmann;
Secretary, George Tourney; Assistant Secretary,
A. H. Muller.
■BOARD OF DTRECTORS-B. A. Becker, Ed-
ward Krnse. Daniel Meyer, U. Horstmann, I en.
Stelnhart, Nic. Van Bergen, JEmll Rohte, H. B.
Buss, D. N. Walter.
• Attorney. W. m. Goodfe low. ..'!■'.&■■-■
j OCEAN TRAVEL. _
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, L^ HONOLULU
• NEW ZEALAND, fTI >y
■i- AUSIBALIA. \jS.s. AUSTRALIA.
S.b. AUSIRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur-
day, December 5. at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
;.H. S. ALAMtDA .sails via 11O.NOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNKY, Thursday, December
10, at 2 f. it. <-■■■ -
. Line to 1 OOLGARDtE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
' J. D. OPRKCKELB A BROS. CO., Agents.
__, , ,_ ' 114 Montgomery street.
Frelcht Office. 327 Market st, Ban Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST_STEAfISfIIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY J^A..
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: -•&£%"*£
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel. Juneau. Kil-
Uanoo aud Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Nov. 10, -5.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
. send. Beanie, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortts and
New Wi att-om (Beliineham Bay. Wash.), 9a. m.
Nov. 5. 10, 15. HO, 25, 30. and every tilth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
' It., RtTaioma with N. P. R. It., at (Seattle with U.
K. Ky , jr. Port 'lownsend with Alaska s:eem-»rj.
For l-'ureka. Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldtßar), str. Pomona 2 r. m., Nov. 1, fj. 9, 13,
17. 21, 23, 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
, For Santa Crut. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayuco\
Port ilarford (San 1 uli Obispo), c.aviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueueme, Nan Pedro, East san
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.
Nov. 3. 7, 11, 15, 19. 23, 27, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For san Dlero. stopping only at Port nanor.l
(Ban Luis Obispo), .-anta Barbara, Port Los AW-
• •>.<■s, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Nov.l, S. 9, 13, 17, 21, 26, 29, and every fourth
day thereafter..
For rnseiada, San' Joiedel Cabo. Maxatlan, La
Pas and Quay mas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. m. 25th of each month.
'ihe Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates. Ticket office— Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents,
" 10 Market at.. Sun Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA "RTP/ 818 First-class' > Including
2\ I\TJ\ sii Second-class /berth & meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State or California. Nov. 9, 19, 29. Dec. 9
Columbia; Nov. 14, '24, Dec. 4, 14
Tnrougn tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Bates and folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
. 630 Market street.
«OODAXI* PERKINS A CO., Superln(«adea>-
COIPAGSIE GESERAL TEHSITUITI(bI
. French Line to Havr9. >,*." ;
/COMPANY'S PIEK(NEW),42 NORTH /Ml
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■fes?*3(:
this line avoid both transit by English railway i n 1
the discomfort of grossing the channel in a small
boat New York to Alexandria; Egypt, via I'^jii
lirsi-clxss $1 (; second-clou, »1 Id
LA GASCOGNK.. Nov. 28, 6 A. it
LA BRETAGNU Dec. 6. Noon
LA CH\MP»GNE ....Dec. 12, 6 A. It
LA TOUBAINE Dec la 9 A. it
LA GASCOiiNE .Dec. 20, 6 A. x.
Mot xus luruier particulars aiipl-\- to
A. FORGET, Agent,
No. 8, Bowling Green, New Yori,
.J. P. FUOAZI & CO., At;«nu 6 Moatgomarr
•venue, San .Francisco, . - > -
\ WHITE jSTAR USE. T
United ' States and Royal Mail Steamers
BETWEEN ■ .;
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
>. 'SAILING tiyiiiti- WEEK.
BIN, $50 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jfMBL.
Ing to steamer and accommodations fens
selected: second cabin, 50andX4/ 50; Maj<-.i.«s
and Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland. Sweden,'. Norway aud Denmark
i through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
railing dates and cabin plans may be procured
I from W. H. a VERY, Pacific Mall Dock, or at tha
' General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under orand Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER.
General Agent tor Pacific Coaat.
STOCKTOS STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington 3t«
At .» I*. -11. I>ailjr.'-*reijjU* received up
to .:8U P. jl. *
gjg" Accommodations Reserved by Teleption*
' us only line moitlnj; through rates on VallV
Road freight.
STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker. ' J. D. Peter*.
Mary Uarralt, City of .Stockton.
Teiephoua Main 80S. Cat. Nay. aud lmut. U4 ■
TALLEJO AID 1. S. SAVY.YARD.
blKAaiKll ♦'MONTI CELLO, "
Pally at............'. *10:30 a. it. 4 and 9:30 r. x.
baturdays »'... *10:30 a. v., 4 p. it
Sundays 8 r. v,
r . Landing Mission-street Dock, Pier 2.
.;-.» - •■' - Telephone, Black 2tfl.
•Excursion trip, giving 6 hours at Navy- Yard.
FOR SA.UO.sE, LOS GATOS& SASTACRUZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVE.-* PIER 1 DAIL7
O at 10a. it (Sundays ezcepted); Alviso dally at
6p. it (Saturdays excepted). Freight, and Pas-
senger. I > are bet ween San Francisco and Alviso.
60c: to San Jose, 75c. Clay BU Pier 1 '20 W.
Clara su. Joaa, ' . ■ .
'•'--•'' ?4xi.roat> THA-ygq '-• ; «■•' ;
MOUNT TMALPAIS.
.Trains connect witl» North Pacltle
Coast Railroad.
WEKK l-UAYa-Lravc 8. F. 9:11 a. It 1:4% T. it'
D : Arrlv 8 - *'• 8:25 *• B: ' J0 p - *•
'l^,St YB^ Le * v#B - p - BAM 11:«0a.h. l:3up»t
Beturulnsr— Arrive &F. 1:15 4:20 p.m. 7:35
' Tickets for sole In Mill Valley or ' *
a.ll. « HO COuK * s-ONS, B_'l Market St.. 8. F.
■tin Vall«7 ana Mount Xajaajpaia bcoaic M*uwaj«
RAILROAD TRAVEL.' _'_
S. F, AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION : TRAIN.-""
NOVEMBER 4. 9. 14, 19, 24, 29,
J And Every Fifth D»v Thereafter.
Leave irom P. '. Co 's Ferry Landing, tuo: »j
- ..- « Market v.. at- 8:00 P. *. ■
onrmm i Am including Rerth.
CP CIA 1 ' 51 Tourist Sleeps.
niTrn ' «X « n First-class. Including
RATES :» SI ,^*?**«
For further Information apply at; ol3 Marlca*
street (Grand Hotel ucltet office), S. F. '
RICHARD '.KAY, T. H. l-OOUMAJ,
Gen. Xrafflc aigr. . J - ■ , O«n. Pass. Agt.
SOUTHKRN rAt'IFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIO KVS-I r..M.)
Traln« leave mi. l lire iluo lo urrlre at
KAN l'ltANt'lNCO.
Ijavi— From November 7. 1.00 P. It, 18S6.— ARmva
•6:OOa Nilcs, San Jose and Way Station*. . . 8:45\
■S««Oa Atlantic Express, Ogdeu and KaM.. 8:15p
7:00.v Benicia, Vacaville, Ramsey, Sacra-
mento. Orovllle and Redding via
Davis 6i45p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Xapa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6:13p
■:30a Kites, Ran Josu, .Stockton. lone.
Sacramento, Marysviile and Bail
lilnff.... 4t1."1p
•9:SOa Peters and Milton "7:l»p
9:00 a Ifew Orleans Impress, Raymond (for
Yosemite). l'resuo, liakersileld,
Kanta Barbara. l<oa Aueelea, Dem-
inc. £1 Paso, New Orleans and
East 4rl3p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 4:4np
: »:OOa Vallejo O:15p
. - Niles, San Jose, Livertucro and
Stockton 7:13p
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers "OsOOp
fl:3op Port CosU and Way Stations {7:43r
4:oup Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo.
Napa, Calistugii, L'l Verauo and
K.i lit.* Uosa 9: IS A
4ioor Benicia, VacaTille, Woodland, i
i Knights Landing, Marysvillc, Oro-
villa aud Sacramento 11:13 a
4:30p Nilea, San Jose and I.ivenuoro Bi4sa
4:3UpLos .Angeles Express, Stockton, . ' .; i.r:
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles 10i45a
4:SOr Santa I'o Route. Atlantic Express
for Mojava ami East 1 0t4.1 a
6:OOr Europeau Mai!, Osi'en and Kast.... 0:45 a
6:00r Huywartls, Nlles aud Han Jose 7:ir»A
}T:OOi> Vallejo i7i43p
7:OOp Oregon Kxpreß3, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, nodding, Portland, Pugub
Sound aud Kast..' HilSa
HlO:O3p " Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
; . : Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
Kant .Blg:4gp
SANTA < 111 Z lUVI-.ION (.Nnrrow Kauirej.
- •:I5>A JS"uwuilc,CeiitiTvilli',Saii.lo»e.rcltnn,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
'. Stations B:3Op
•S:lsp Newark, Centerville, San Jose, Now
Aluiatlen, Feltou, ltoulder Creek,
Sauta Cruz and Principal Way
Stations , , 1 :«Oa
4:15p Newark. Sim Joso ana Los (iatos I):3Ga
{11:45p Hunters' Excursion. San Jose and
. Way Stations t7:2op
COAST Hi VISION (Thinl & Townseiid M.s.)
6:43 a tiau Joss and Way Stations (New
Alaiadtn Wednesdays only) l:30r
8:19 a Sau Juse, Tres Piuos, Banta Cms,
l'acilio Grove, Paso Rubles, San
Luis Obls»o, Guadalupe, Suit aud
Principal Way Stations 7:05p
IO:40a Pan Jose ami Way Stations 5:03p
11:3Ua Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30r
•a:3Up San Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose,
Gllroy, Tres Piuos, Santa Cruz,
Sallnas,MontereyaiulPacilicGrove *1O:40a
•llsaop San Jose and Way Stations 9:30 a
•4i3OrSan Jose and Way Stations *S:10a
S:3Oi> San Jose and Principal Way Stations *S:3O a
U::»Op San Jose ami Way Stations.: 0:».1a
♦ 11:43 i' Ran Jose and Way Stations t~:4Bp
1 SAX LhMMIJItO AM* HA\'\VAK»-» LOCAL.
<*6:OOa1 ( 7:13 a
S:OOa f«:t."SA
,5. ! 22 A Helrose, Seminary Park, JViist
"J:g«* Fltchbarg.SanLeandro «^«g»
5;28p « d 8 ;1-3p
™»l H^ wd »' "Hip
7:»Op S:4sp
9*oop * Runs through to Nilea. 10:30p
ftll:lspj tFromNiles. I. ftiaiOOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS FEISCISCO— or Market Street (Slip 8)—
♦7:15 9:0 ll:00*.M. Jl:03 *2:00 t3:00
•i:O3 15:00 •6:00 p.M.
From OAKUSD— Foot of BroadwiT.— »6:00 - 8.-00
10:00 ».M. tI2:CO *1:00 t2:00 •3:00 tl:00
*S:OOp.M.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
} Sundays only.
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
•^Tuesdays and Saturdays. § Sundays and Thursdays
SIS FRAIVCfSCO & IVORTB PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— of Market 36.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEFK DAYS— 7:3O, 0:00. 11:00 a.m.- 12-35,
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. v. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:30 p. it. ■ Saturdays— Kxtra trips at 1:39
and 11:30 p. it
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 8:30, 11:00 A. M.; 1:30, 3:3*
6:00. 0:20 p. m.
San Rafnel to «nn Tr>»tios«ro.
WEKK DAYS-6:15, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. it-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 P. m. Saturdays-Extra trip*
at 1 :55 P. M. and 6:35 p. it. "
j SUNDAYS— B: tU, 9:40, 11:10 a. K.| I:4a 3:40 L
6:00, 6:25 p. v.
Between San Francisco aad Schuetzea Park saroa
schedule as above.
Ban Francesco. o?t! ff l4? n Arrive
Ban Francisco. <set 1? Ban Francisca
. Wekk I Sun- }$!tioti. Bm * m I Win"
Days. I days. "Mammon. DAY!> . | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
S:3opv|9:3o am PeUluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 AM
! 6:10pm|6:O0 pm ! Santa Roaa. 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
„ Fulton, . •
7 :S0 am Windsor, 10:25 AH
;•■"••.;< Healdsburg,
l.ytton, .
Geyservilla,
B:3opm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:?5 pm 6:22 pk
Pieta, '■ < "
Hopland &
7:30 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:2ap^
7:30 am I i ~ ~ 10:25 am
8 :00 am I G uernevllle. 7 :38 pm
8:30 pm I 6:22
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am i 8:00 AMI sebaatoooL |10:40 am 1 10:2 .AM
3:30 pm[ 6:oo pm| "^OMtopoL | 6;10 pM | 6:'22pM
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs; at Geyserville for Kka^scs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Bay and l.akepors; at
Bopland for Lakeport and Bartiatt Springs; at
Ukian for Vichy borings, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. Porno, Pottet
Valley, Jonn Day's, .Riverside, Lierley's, Buck*
nells, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Boonevllle,
Greenwood, Git's Hot . Springs. Mendocino City.
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usa!, WUiets, Canto, Co«
veio. 'Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduosj
rates. • - :
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points bt»
yond San Raiael at naif rates.
• Ticket ' Office, 650 Market st., Chronicle huTldlnt
B. CL WHITINO. * B. x. RYAN,
Pan. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent
..:;_• ■ ■ ■ ■ ■
Atlantic <4t^^^^
Pacific,; ,^^^L
• BAILKOAD |slllliiilzii»S
Trains leave and arrlva KtaS!^^^H^^B)i
SANTA FFtXPRrSS. &§^^
To Chicago via A. & P.f^^^^UT
Direct Line i «CJ<Tfryp^*^jftM '
Leaves da ly at 4 p. carrvlne Pullman Palace
Drawing-room and Modern Upholstered Tourist
Sleeping-oars, which mo dally through to Chicuiro
via Kansas City. Annex can tor Denver and Su
Louis.
Boston Excursions, via. Kansas City, Chicago,
Montreal and the White Alouutains leave every
T esday. ' - .
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties: no dust; Interesting scenery,
and good meals in Harvey's dtnldg-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St.. Chronicle Itulldiog. .Telephone Main
1531. Oakland. 1118 Broad way. '
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
: (Via Sauaalito Ferry).
■torn Sas Francisco, Comm«acliu Sept.' 13. IS9J.
WEEKDAY*
For Mill Valley and mo Rarael— l l2s, •9:13,
11:00 a. M. »1:45, 3:45, »5: 15. •5:4 a, 6:30 p.m.
Extra trips tO« Baa Rafael on Mondays, NVedne»
days and Saturdays at 11:30 P. U. *■■
. . . . SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Snn Kafael— •B:oo, •10:08
•11:30 a. M.; *1: 0. 3:00, *4: 0 6:ldf. m.
Trains marked * run to san Uuentin. .
• THROUGH TRAINS. .
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7;28 a.*
Weekdays, 8 :00 a. M. Sundays, 1:43 p. ic. s?atui»
days. ■ ■-.'...
i »r Cat d pro and wav stations— 7:2s A. v. v.oel»
Cays; 1:45 c. it. Saturdays. ' ■
Weak Men and Women
SUVVU o U*E DAMIANA BTTTEKS, THE
great t Mexican v Remedy: , gives JdealtU and
BtrenfiUx_U» liie sexual Oraaijs. ■ - o ** l "* •">•.
2728
THIS CITY AS A
TOBACCO CENTER
Under Certain Conditions It
Would Rival New
York.
The Glowing Report of the Cali
fornia State Board of
Trade.
It Is Thought S K. Thornton Will
Form a Company for Tobacco
Culture.
The California State Board of Trade has
been paying considerable attention here
lately to the subject of tobacco culture,
and after an investigation has come to
the conclusion that this State is better
fitted by climatic conditions for the rais
ing of tobacco than nearly any spot in the
Union.
A committee composed of J. A. Filcher,
Colonel Craigie Sharp and E. \Y. Maslin
has been industriously at work securing
data, and the result of their work has
been embodied in a report highly eulo
gistic of California as a field for tobacco
raisers. This report will be handed in at
the next meeting of the board, which will
occur the second Tuesday in December.
It is understood that ex- Port Warden S.
K. Thornton has become interested in the
matter and will soon form a company for
the manufacture of cigars and smoking
tobacco as recommended in the report of
the committee. 'Phe loiiowiug is the re
port in fuil :
To the California State Board of Trade— Gen
tlemen : We, your committee appointed to in
quire into the merits ol certain California to
bacco grown extensively by J. D. Culp ai San
Felipe. iSanta Clara County, and to give au
opinion as to the feasibility of manufacturing
the same into cigars and other merchantable
products, beg leave to report as follows:
We find on a casual examination of the to
bacco industry in the United Slates that it is
one of great magnitude, and that in sections j
where tobacco is grown it produces more in
value to the acre and is generally more profit
able to the planter than almost any other
Staple product.
The tobacco yield of the United States is
something like 500,000,000 pounds per an
num, which, one year wita another, brings on
an average, including all tbe varieties aud
qualities, about V cents per pound, or a total
of $35,000,000. In addition to this large pro
duction the United S ates imports something
like $16,000,000 worth of tobacco aud tobacco
products each yeiir. We submit these figures
to 6how the importance of tne Industry aud
the extent of tobacco consumption in this
country, and incidentally to indicate what
may be done in California when it once shall
be satisfactorily demonstrated that this State
possesses in its soi. aud climatic conditions all
the requirements lor the production of a su
perior quality of this important staple.
As a rule the tobacco crop in other States is
not certain, but is often attended with total
or partial failures. Too mucii or too little
rain, windstorms, hail or irosts, which occur
in Eastern and Southern Siates, are draw
backs to the success of the tobacco crop.
None of these elements prevail in California
to such extent or at such seasons as to render
ihem items of danger.
Here the season is long and dry and warm,
enabling the planter to count with certainty
on a crop each year.
Again, the use of fertilizers in most of the
tobacco-producing localities of the United
btates is an item of considerable expense,
while here but little fertilizing is required.
As indicating the value of tne tobacco crop |
per acre as compared with other stiiples.it is
only necessary to point to the fact that the
California wheat crop of 1893, which
amounted to little less than $20,000,000, was
grown on 2,600,000 acres of land, while the
entire tobacco crop oi the United States for
the same year was grown on 700,000 acres ol
land.
Ihose best advised on the subject claim that
California has within her border over 1,000,000
acres of land suitable for the cultivation uf
high-grade tobacco. When this area shall be
utilized in growing tobacco, as ln time it may
be, the outpui oi the State will aggregate more
than the present total output oi the United
States. From such an iDdustry on such a
scale the advantages that would accrue are
difficult to contemplate. Manufacturers would
arise to work up the raw material in all cen
ters of trade and population, and the laborers
required in these factories would be legion.
The railroads and other carriers would find
increased business in freighting out of the
State many tons oi tobacco and tobacco prod
ucts where they are now carrying ln one
ton. The farmer would receive a benefit that
cannot be easily estimated. It is well known
that choice tobacco lands in the Eastern and
Southern States rent readily for $50 or more
per acre per annum, and what is true in the
East ln regard tc the value of land ior the pro
duction oi this staple would be more than true
In regard to tbe same item in Caliiornia. The
increase in the value of the product of the
Caliiornia farm would add to the value ot that
farm and result ln a corresponding increase
to the assessment roll. The increased number
of factories in cities and towns would give an
impetus to all lines of business and send for
ward the value of all city and town property.
San Francisco would become the rival of New
York as a cigar-manufacturing center, and its
output of plug and smoking tobacco would
surpass the output in these goods of Richmond
or St. Louis.
To accomplish all this it needs but to be
THE FAMILY NEWSPAPER.
It is not disputed that under its new management THE Call has made a large gain in circula
tion. It is recognized as the conservative, respectable family newspaper. With this reputation
well earned and well sustained it is worth a great deal of money. THE Call, we believe, is able to
show that it has a genuine family circulation of over 50,000. With such figures it should be able
to command the best advertising patronage, and now that the tide of prosperity is setting toward
the United States again it should speedily find itself reaping the golden rewards of its good reputa
tion. Of course, the animus of the Examiner's attack on THE Call is plain. The Examiner has
not disguised the fact that it looks upon The Call as a formidable rival. The advertising field on
this coast is necessarily limited. The cream of the business is sure to go to a paper which circulates
among families, because shrewd business men would rather have their advertisements in a journal
read by 50,000 families than in one with a circulation of 100,000 among the floating population.
We do not apprehend that THE CALL will be injured by any attacks upon it prompted by business
rivalry. The public is quick to see through such a scheme. In a short time THE Call will be
intrenched in the magnificent new building on the corner of Third and Market streets. Its removal
to that well-chosen point of vantage will be a guarantee that it is in the field to stay. It has only
to maintain its present good name to eventually become one of the most prosperous papers in the
country.
demonstrated to the satisfaction of men of en
terprise and capital that California can grow
a superior quality of tobacco. We believe it
can. Our investigation of the subject con
vinces us of this important fact.
We know from most experiments made in
this State in growing tobucco that the prod
uct when finally turned has been too rank and
strong for manuf icturing purposes, but these
difficulties seem to have been entirely over
come in the product from San Felipe. Suc
cess with Mr. Culp, the San Felipe grower,
seems to have long ago passed the experi
mental line.
We have made a careful Investigation of the
merits of his tobacco and and have compare i
ihe cigars manufactured from it with other
standard goods, and do not hesitate to assert
our belief that his tobacco and the goods man
ufactured thereirom are superor to any simi
lar product of the United States. We are led
to beiieve that the Culp tobacco, if not in all
respects equal to the best imported from
Havana, is at least the best substitute for the
Havana product obtainable.
The result accomplished by him in growing
and curing the high-grade tobacco which he is
now offe ing to the trade leads us to believe
that when he says California might become
the leHding tobacco section of ihe world
there are reasons for tbe assertion. At present
and in the past most of the San Felipe tobacco
has found a market in the East, and as nearly
as we can learn a great deai of it has been
returned to us in manuiactured form as a
superior Eastern or mported product. This is
poor economy, and it should be the aim and
effort of Calnornians to prevent this double
transit of our product and the consequent in
creased coat to us when prepared for con
sumption.
To this end we would like to see those who
have the means at their disposal form them
sc'vi-v. into a company for th<> manufacture of
cigai& and other merchantable products from
vie .-an Felipe tobacco. We believe that such
an enterprise would not only prove p ofl table
to the projectors, but would go further than
any other move that couid be made toward
establishing conclusively the merits oi Califor
nia tobacco and the adaptability of the State
for its production.
The Culp tobacco, as we have said, is un
questionably the nearest substitute obtainable
for Cuba tooacco. Owing to the Cuban war
and the large amounts oi tolaceo which have
been destroyed on that islxnd by the opposing
factions, the supply of the Cuban product has
been cut short and the San Felipe tobacco iv
consequence is in extra demand among those
who are unable to secure their usual importa
tion of Havana goods but who desire to keep
up the standard of their brands. While thus
serving a purpose to the trade it is very evi
dent that calliorniM, which produces this
high-grade substitute, is being robbed of the
credit which is justly due.
There would sec-m, tnerefore, no better time
to put this tobacco on the market strictly on
its merits, its superiority would soon be
recognized and the consuming world wake up
to the gratifying fact that good tobacco can be
obtained even though devastating wars should
destroy the last pound of tne Cuban crop.
The tact would focus attention on Califor
nia and this State in consequence would at
tract the eager interest oi ah tobacco-growers
and manulactu ers, while the manufacturers
of the San Felipe product would find a de
mand for their poods which the present sup
ply of raw product would not enable them to
fill.
Being pioneers in the establishment of the
merits of the California goods they would be
insured an industry that would grow with
the growth of the product, be as lasting as
time and profitable possibly beyond computa
tion.
That there is a field inviting such an enter
prise is evidenced from the fact that there are
now manufactured in the First Revenue Dis
trict of California alone something like 62,
-000,000 cigars per annum, and practically all
irom tobacco grown outside oi this State.
J. A. Filcher, Craigie Sharp, E. W. Maslin,
committee.
A VERDICT OF MURDER.
How John Miller Shot and Killed
Young Jamea H.
Childs.
Coroner Hawkins yesterday held an
inquest in the case of Jdmes H. Childs,
who was shot to deatn on Wednesday
afternoon by John Miller, who was at the
same time endeavoring to kill Mr?. Nellie
Ryan, his former housekeeper. The
tragedy took place on the doorsteps at
425}^ Clementina street. None of the evi
dence produced before the Coroner's jury
showed the least trace of justifiable homi
cide, as claimed by Miller, who, it is said,
proposes to set up a plea of self-defense.
As the jury and the witnesses entered
the room where the inquest was held
Miller sat sullenly scowling at each, al
most as though he regarded every one as
his enemy. Bent half double by the hunch
<n his back, he presented a striking con
trast to the tall policeman, Officer McGee,
in whose eustouy he was.
\Vhen the woman, Mrs. Nellie Ryan, for
whom he got into trouble, took the wit
ness-stand, his eyes fairly danced with
ill suppressed haired. She was dressed
in black and wore a new hat of a
late style trimmed with green ribbon and
black feathers. She glanced ruefully at
her old hat that lay on the table, the one
that was clipped on the brim by one of
Millers murderous bullets.
She began her story by telling that for a
year she kept house for Miller, but left
nim as he refused to pay her what he
owed. She obtained three or four other
positions, but he aiways "spoiled" them
for her. On Monday he ran after her
with a weapon, and she fled to the police
station for protection. Later she caused
his arrest.
On the day of the tragedy she went to
see Mrs. Burns who is in the same house
where Miller lives, as the woman had sent
for her. Miller emerged from the house
revolver in hand and ran after her as she
fled, ln all he fired four shots, one oi
which hit her hat. Sne entered the Childs'
resideuce and heard the shot that ended
young Childs' life.
W. W. Childs, brother of the dead man,
told how the woman ran to his door for
protection and he and his brother took
ncr in, James staying outside to stop Mil
ler from entering.
One of the most important witnesses
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1896.
■^ WJ^ ww ,.~^-.,v,-.- >. '~~~^~^~j^^^~i^_^-*~>~J^^ T °- DAT -DRT GOODS. . * ; .( ■*■..■ - yi; 1 l:^ :x - ■
•* J^^^^^^^^k Thanksgiving is the Easter of the Fall. It is the day when the jf^Z^t "i^2!V '%.
* 4^^n®^l Winter Gowns and trappings are first shown— the day when fashion i^-^p :vjF^^Si>?^ 1*
* '''B&^ and beaut and football and turkeys go hand in hand. Have you £^S^fe^' iL^^J *
% ' thought of this? Have you selected your Veil and your Gloves for the *pi^y\. : "ISEi 3jf *
% vl \k game? Have you plenty of Napkins and Table Linen for the Thanks- J ;^: <rf^SS&r 4
% '.W^§ |V V^ giving: feast? Have you decided what your Winter Wrap should be, }^O» %
" '^b^rasi and if you haven't don't you think it would be wise to get it before %V^ £fk
* MfflK&y&A Thanksgiving? We have purchased specially for this week's wants. m^^¥^%
* iSWmSSf\ We anticipated a demand for certain merchandise. Ribbons, Gloves MMi^MfiM S
; Mmm&^ I and Novelty Neckwear; Handkerchiefs, Flowers and Feathers; Coats, I \/mW*Wm . %
4? ladies' tan jackets, coven doth. Capes and Suits, and Snowy White Linens for your Thanksgiving ladies tan mixed jackets '€*
t coiia'size/Stoss an e^pS:! feast are herein large assortments. As to prices and values, we refer b^^^^fe^JS^ *
1 value - o " pr Each. you to the liSt below with every assurance of absolute accuracy. t&3Sg££m*>2£* inlaid *
j? * lOiUU tacn. i sQOQ £ .
I CLOAKS! UNDERWEAR! FANCY GOODS ! |
•^ LADIES' BLACK BOD CLE CAPES, 24 inches lons, CC nn LADIES' ECRU COTTON UNION SUITS, heavy CA-, LADIES' COLORED - EMBROIDERED' HEM- • *7l^ ' ■&■
<j^ ; very full sweep, Thibet fur around collar and «P «*•*'** , quality, jersey ribbed, full fleeced, crocuet silk 3UC STITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS, colored bor- * 2^-> ■ i
7& down front, bought to sell at $7 50. Our price... = Each edge. Special price Garment ders, the 12>^c kind. This week (or :.. Each "^
•^ LADIES' BOUCLE JACKETS, in blue or black, C c nn .LADIES' KNIT SAXONY UNION SUITS ler-^ev _* i FANCY YOKES, velvet stock, collar trimmed with £| __ *£•
„&. double-breasted loose front, 4 large buttons, 22 •('£•"** riobed, fine quality, good weight. Special this $1• £ S ecru venis- lace and deep Vandyke points. Special *P *• 25 __
£ • inches lone, pleated back, -izes 32 to 42. Our price Each week >.••■■•■"-'' • ° ,•■ "^.fi Garment thisweek ...... .......<U ....... .. Each "^T
LADIES' BLACK BOUCLE CAPES, silk-lined, 20 LADIES' NON-SHRINKING UNION SUITS V<f 1 i\ FANCY YOKES, satin stock collar, covered with *5*
% . inches long, 120-inch sweep, Thibet fur arcund col- d!iC _ o wool; an ex ra heavy jersey ribbed garment? 5> I• 5^ Venise insertion, dee»>poiLied yoke of same ma- « | t2C
£ ' lar and down front, a very aunt affair,, worth *P*J 5 U buttons on shoulder Special ' 8 ' Garn^ent terial, trimmed with 5-inch Venise lace. A great »P 1 •* JO . *ST
$850. Our price Each «• r>TF' - — I___' ' special at •.....'.......... Each &■
«§* LADIES' TAN JACKETS, slashed collar. . inlaid ?QQ A a nne qutlUy^SlcLYan^^St^a^k^ $1.00 HEAD RESTS, fancy cape, with ruffles, pretty. |- c
* roTb^h?tl a senar& 7^ all colors. Special this week Garment Beginning Monday at; ......Each £. i
fc '1, 1 v £. EMBROIDERED DENIM HEAD RESTS, big as- Sr\n
•^ LADIES' PLUSH CAFES, trimmed with jet and OUR RIO RA7AAP sortment oi sizes and colors, for gentlemen. *SOC .gL
_^ braid, fancy lined, Thibet fur around collar and d? | _.-.-. v/v^iv *->iv___>n_tt/*K.. Prices 35c and . Each 3
if down front, 22 inches Jong and a bargain at «P I U.UU RED CARTS— The biegest one in the city for the |- r KNITTING AND PROPHET stt g a w>mw i. f . , ma «««
Jt, $1250. Our price Each money. Tnis week Special Each *.5C —NiiliNtr A JSD CROCHET SILK, a complete line lOn &
<E? J v _____ i-ttwu tj of fancy work, colors, 90 yards to a spool. Price - »*v 4g»
Jt, . LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, fly HORSE AND WAGON— wood. This week Special ">A- thisweek .....' .•;■, Spool ,3
♦? iront, patch pocKe;s, fancy silk-lined, velvet Cl . rkrk -••• - . . Each -S"C _.__^., . . ,_ — _..»_, *5T
f b " e ' i °". faM . °" sls -^ LITTLE OAK DESKS. BURK^-anaS^EBOARDS 2cr Adl , SPECIAL GLOVES ! . ,
J;■ ; . —For the little ones. This week Special.. . Each *>s*~ An odd lot of 4-button and 7-hook KiD GLOVES, Af\n a2^
€ - ' : cnTnn? _ otttto „ i-. — — / , ~ , sizes 6to 7^, a big lot to pick from. • All this tfT
f nbcQC rnnnci soi 1 !°. l !-?y..^:.^.r° d ..^° p 25c ™ kat *:,.v....g?v^ ™< *
"6" ALL-WOOL FANCY SUITINGS, 37 inches wide. ->-Jl_ WICKER DOLL BUGGY, i with . parasol and springs n_ c I_|l IN 'Cf I^l *_>•"- a
& jnedn,™ and dark colors, an especially ,ood oiler. 222 C bod y . f uU hnishe(l . Special ™.. week QgC » DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. S llgh.. y s oiled, irln BB a. value. . .2.
j^ uurrrice •.•••■•••••■•••••••••••••••••••••«••••••.«»• x aril •••-...• $-' and $3 each to close the lot •♦
4* . TV/rTHpTPn"" TV/FTP _. m ' bleached ' satin table damask, 70<t| f\(\ ii.
£, 65c SERGE, an all-wool 50-inch fabric, in black or J r-^ JUfcl— _JJ_J — _i-VJL_LLj _A- X . inches wide, a superior grade and all pure«Plvl/ *S"
■^ navy. Special price " >• linen. Our price Yard 44*
♦i Yard ' ojr _** c:S2:E v\ (Three-quarter size napkins to match). CS
IS ALL-WOOL SUITING, fancy bourette stripe. 40 .©„ V-/"A .__ ff *~ _T £^-L . >•> BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK DINNER SETS, all linen, _^
* inches wide, all new f seasonable styles. Price 4OC — /^f If g^ / /l/V^WW /* special values. Three-quarter size napkins. .^
•£* thisweek Yard £ 7£ i I MyT SIX _/ J> _T £J Si 2 yards long $4 set
Jtf. 8 T^^^Svb'^*' \_3^^^ <V _• mr # 2K.vardslong ?4 50 set .^
*^ • ~ M -^ tMrnnnnniiTCn 3 yards long : $5 set "^T
4* FANCY 3-TONED NOVELTY SUITINGS, all dark _-._ ■. M UVLOKFUIvVI tll# yards long ..:...?Sset
fc colors, an extra heavy quality, very stylish and s'-'^' : C,
I r*-*.-.*-- ... ....... « 937 _ Market Street. | . see our linen window display. |
was Mamie Savage, who lives across the
street. She said that when young Childs
went outside of the door Miller shot him
in the head an<t tired another shot at the
prostrate body as soon as his viclim fell.
Mrs. Fred Green's testimony aiso showed
that the fatal shot was fired without any
cau-e. /
Officer McGee told of the arrest an-1 Dr.
Charles Morgan, who held the autopsy,
said that the bullet that killed Childs en
tered his brain.
It took the jury bat a short time to
state in its verdict the cause of Childs'
death and pronounce John Miller to be a
murderer.
Very Successful Musicmle.
The musicale at Mme. Ziska's Institute yes
terday afternoon was in every respect a great
success. The handsomely decorated parlors
were filled with an appreciative audience.
The programme consisted of classical music,
which the pupils of the well-known teacher,
Professor F. J. Ziflerer, rendered in an ad
miraole manner. A transcription, composed
by Mme. Bilionl Zifferer, was played by Miss
Delia ('ox and received great applause. Miss
Amy Nel>on rendered tne Sonata op. 13, Dy
Beethoven, in very artistic style. The "Spin
ning Song," by Wagner-Liszt, and the valse in
E minor, by Chopin, performed by the Misses
Bessie and May Roden, were tne gpms of this
occasion. These two sisters, who have been
heard in public concerts before, show remark
able musical talent. All others did well.
Gray horses are the longest lived.
Creams are decidedly delicate, and are
seriously affected by very warm weather.
CESARE CRESPI
GETS NO BELIEF
Supreme Court Affirms the
Lower Court's De
cision.
Criminal Libel Case Which
Interested the Italian
Colony.
Two Journalists Were Antagonists in
a Contest Which Was Judicially
Closed.
The Supreme Court has reached a de
cision in the case of Cesare Crespi, an Ital
ian journalist, who was convicted some
time ago in the Superior Court in this
county of criminally libeling Mrs. Al
megia, another member of tne Italian col
ony. The Supreme Court, in a decision
which was banded down yesterday, sus
tained the Superior Court, the closing lan
guage of the opinion, which was delivered
by Justice Henshaw, being particularly
■^^ : __ ■_.'■ ■_ __ ■ SEW JTO-PAT.,-
""^.^^HJ^^r^-^^^^ no colds, "no coughs,
jP^g^-^F^ -^es= no £ ri Pi no rheuma-
S^^ == .-_^^^^S £=g - tism, if you wear
: -^^^^ l^^^ BUCKINGHAM & HECHT'S
Every Genuine Pair Stamped
, FRICES-With cork Soles. INOVa Scotia Seal
Men' 5........................ $500 /"• i c i c f
i*du*-..........................M5<i Cork Sole Shoes.
Without Cork Soles. ,
Lad1e5'... ...................... S3 50 Guaranteed absolutely water-
Kfe::E*3 Sl^arS gig P-ot. Easy, comfortable Shoes,
Children's. ...6 to7H.'sl 23 with lots of wear in them.
" . ....8 to 10^, $150 ami $2 00 r
Kasfs Kasts
738-746; Market St. 738-740 Market St.
tarry a Full Line of Buckingham & Carry a Full I me of Buckingham
Bechf..llne Shoe». ; ..;• — ■-. & Hecht's Fine Shoes."
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED. "{ W 1 BESD FOB CATALOGUE.
clear and emphatic, as follows: "We do
not perceive anything in the language of
the court but a clear and correct exposi
tion of the law and the cause of its ex
istence."
The case was noteworthy, ontside of the
personal issues involved, because of cer
tain legal questions that were raised. One
argument which was set forth on appeal
was that the Police Court has no right to
try this particular kind of misdemeanor,
for which the maximum penalty exceeds
$1000 and one year's imprisonment. Tiiis
the court finds to be correct.
One interesting part of the case was a
published charge, which constituted a por
tion of the libe!, that a certain newspaper
editor was paid by the Camorra to libel and
v.Jify certain people. The defendant un
dertook to prove this. Mr. Almeßia was
called io the stand as Cresoi's witness, and
the court expressed the opinion that this
was done for the purpose of impeaching
him.
Another point made by the defendant
Crespi was mat the rulings of the trial court
were erroneous, because it was not shown
that Dr. Pescia had any relations with the
Italian Benevolent iSocieiy.
On this the Supreme Court opinion
reads: "That may well be, but tlie com
plete answer is that the value or weight of
the testimony was for the jury alone."
M\ Almegia "was allowed to testify that
he was a married man and tne father of a
family. That was complained of, but ihe
court found that, in any case, that testi
mony could not have done the defendant
any harm.
The judgment of the Superior Court
was affirmed.
The average weight of an Englishman
is 150 pounds, of a Frenchman 136, a Bel
gian 146. Tne average height of an Eng
lishman is 5 ft. 9 in., a Frenchman 5 ft. 4
in., a Belgian 5 ft. 6% in. The average
number of teeth is 31.
LEADING GROCERS.
SPECIALS FOR THA^kSGIVIIVG WEEK
HAM*S.
Our Choice Eastern Sugar-cured 11,
Hams XX\j Pound
FINNAN HADDIBS.
.New Arrivals. 2 pounds 250
BUTTER.
Best Firkin Batter. 20c Pound
Creamery squares.. 40c 2 for 75c
HOLIDAY SPECIALS.
<lace Lemon, Citron, Orange Peel 15c pound
Heinz's Mincemeat '2 pounds "-6c
Cnnoon Clean-d Currants 10c pound
Cartoon Su'.taia heedless Kalsins..!! pounds 236
Loose Seedless Raising 3% pounds '25c
Best Zante Currants 3Va pounds 25c
Cape v od cranberries 10c quart
Boiled Cider, quart bottle --'C
Mot t's New York S wee: i iiier 50c gallon
New Jersey sweet Apple Cider.. 15c quart bottle
I.ar^-o. l.ocso Kaisins 5c pound
New Mixed Nuts, »oft shells 2 pounas 25c
IMPORTED ANCHOVIES.
Finest Dellcatesse Anchovies, from AKn
Norway uuu Kit
SWEET SUGAR CORN.
Crystal Wave Best corn, regular price ntr.
$125, dozen 9jc, 3 cans -°°
BLUE LAKE STRING BEANS.
Large, nneless: teststock *1 OK
in California; regular $1 75.... <fX.%J<J v ozen
COFFEE.
Best Java and Mocha, ground or roast, »-| r\n
re ular3sc, 3^ pounds <P-L.VV
Levin Bros. 1 Kxtra B.ena, ground, regu- *-i aa
25c, 5 p0und5........ *X.VV
WHISKY AND BRANDY. {
• Kentucky Bourbon or Rye (5 *9 fTA
years o d), regulars 3 50 gallon V — "v Gallon
Best COO Brand., gallon. $!4.'-2 5
. Lest California Brandy, quart bottle 75c
SWEET WINES.
Pearl Vineyard (Napa County) Sherry,
Port. Ani;>'!ica, Madeira, TOKay, Mus- *1 aa
catel and Malaga, regn ar 60c, 3 bot.. <vX.\J\J
Port and >heiry, r gularsl 60 gallon. 9sc gallon
PINEAPPLE, SLICED. ■
C. Favre's 2-pound cans....; 15c Can
TEAS, Regular 50c.
English f-reikfast. Formosa,.. Oo'on?,
Ceyion, Uncolored Jh| an. Gunpowder a-I aa
■ and Faml.y Mixed. 3 p0und5.....'.'...*. «I>J-»U\J
LUCCA OIL.
I Durand Lucca OH, for salads and Cf\ n Gallon
mayonnaise, regular 90c DUO Can
Telephone South 39 8.
Send for Thanksgiving Catalogue. ,
1324-1326 MARKET ST.
AND 134 SIXTH -STREET.
We ship free of charge within 100 miles.
Mail Orders r-'ceive prompt attention.
FINE CARPETINGS,
LLEGANT UPHOLSTERY,
RICH FUR fiiTUfiE!
We are now disposing of cur ;
stock of Fine Furniture,, Carpet-
ng and Upholstery Goods at
greatly reduced prices to make j
oom for an entire new line. I
Agents for John Crossley & Son's Eng-' I
-h Carpetings. ____ j
CHAS. M. PLUM & CO.,
UPHOLSTERY COMPANY,
1301 TO 1307 MARKET SI REST, j
COIiNEKfUIXXH. ,
.
I ELECTRIC EBLiTS
- , f , v^ r vt ;i r ■ Are good things If prop-
o>.?tf-:^J&^"--1-£ >\!A, : erly made; but ■ thera v
!^X4- no sense In paving a hl^la
|RpV..>»P^y^^iKj?yllL price for a. poor urticla
pjS^ry *-r' ""'T^^^v^ja Bimplv because some ad-
i Mmsr-»-£s>ili-'-y- rf&tNr • verllslD ' "quack" de-"
' JK%ysEn*Se3f^ £ y mands it. i-uy no Belt
! •"t-^^p^S^FMwCiS*-- mi you see Ir. Pierce I*.1 *.
?**}(* ' ' - **■ Boot Free. Call or
■ • " J ■ \- * <M.T - ■■ - ad'iress 1> •:. • 141 >CX
' !; ■"***» ' v & a :>', 70-1 Sacramento
•'/ \>:* ■'.'■ .:^...* v >*' at., cor. Kearny, si. tf.
i Branch Office CIO .Market 3"., a. F.
*■ i».i>»i'wi»'ii irtui mi iii ' ' i<" iii iijiit\ i ii ' r'n fn j "V "iii Ti
M — Going into
j& £N M our new building
fy^ M[ 235-237 Post st.
& J^Jr In December with a
O ff' complete new stock of
M goods. We have made
M SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
M- in the prices of everything
m in our present store — reduc-
/ tions that mean big savings to
you. We'd rather do that than
1 move the goods.
AM. MNES WIIX BE
- C_OSJKD OUT ENTIRELY.
We've everything for the house— Furniture.
Carpets, Rugs, Curtain , Stoves, Ranges, etc
Notwithstanding tue bin reductions in prices, onr
usual Liberal Credit System of iiasy Payments
no^S'or^umy. 1 hoQeBt ask
GOODS SHIPPED ALL OVER THE COAST.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.
224, 228, 230 and 306 STOCRTOJ ST.,
237 Post Street.
«3- OPEN EVENINGS.
LOUIS ZEH-
riITRfITR
OK
DRUGS, PERFUMERY,
PJTEST JiEDICIJVES, RUBBER GOODS.
toilet ARTICLES,
fine WISES MD liquors,
high-grade cigars.
DO YOU SMOKE?
It's Expensive, But Here's a Snap:
Belmonts. 12% c size /..;.*; .cnttolbo
La Rosa. 12%c5ize "......;.......„.' cnt tolOc
Sanchez & Haya, 12y a o size ...cut to 100
tl Telegrapno, l^c size ............ ....cm to 100
General Arthur, ±0c stralgnt cut to 3 for
General Buruside, 10c straight. .:;. to 3 for 25a
Figaro. 5c straight...... cut to 6 for -2ba
King s.ralght. ......cut to 6 lor *.'
' RETAIL AT WHOLESALE PRICES.
P?^^[DR. HALLS REIIVIGOiUTOK
BLnf^Mfll five hundred reward tor any case we
BH ■■ cannot cure. THIS hECRKT UKM-
'tg . J_y t ■ Ki'V stoui all' losses in 24 hours,
SOI "raw 'cures Kmlsslons, .1 in potency, Varfco-
W" PWB cele,; VJonorrbcea, Gleet, Pits, Stnc-
\\\L\ tCUj tures. Blood Disease aaJ all wajtiri*
VJ$ -%5 effects of ■ elf Abuse or iixceastji
SaaaKSS 'Scut Beaied, $2 per bottle. TURKU
.BOTTLES, $5: euaranieed to cure any case. '
UK HALL'S MEDICAL IXSTITU'IJi
bo s Broadway, Oakland. Cau
All private diaeaaes quicJciy cured, bead foe
tree book. • - - v - * ;
'■■•*,£hy '.■■-^'' '!■£s■, ."■;".; 7 T *r*V,l 1 »~m^; '• y ' ■>'*
■M- ■' | J> * BRASS BETJi:
<T" f y-.r FOLDING BEDS'
', '. •'-*-. ■•" ' ira and - Hair * Mat-
i ; tresses, Reel iat a*
Ht+ttt Chairs. Wheal » if i
TT 't..'...--p commodes, Back ttajti
Jf|{(. V" ||Tt|| V ''-;SCHROC&
— — ■'* Sew .Moacgomerr
, V *•* I I_^ 'St. ."under ur*»i