VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 173.
WEYLER BEATEN
IN EVERY BATTLE
Press Censorship Prevents
the News From Being
Sent Out.
Cubans Declare That No Honest
Man Can Live Under Span
ish Rule in the Island.
Patriots Continue to Fight Ga'lantly
for Fretdcm and Capture Sev
eral Important Strongholds.
TAMPA, Fla., Nov. 19.— A number of
prominent Cubans arrived by the steamer
Olivette from Havana this evening and
.will make their homes m Jacksonville and
Ocala until the conflict ends They de
.clare that no honest man who has any re
spect for his famiiy can live under Spanish
law as it is administered on the island.
A prominent Cuban said relative to the
engagement reported between Maceo and
Weyler that important battles bad been
fought and that Weyler had been defeat
ed. Owing to the surveillance of the Gov
ernment definite news has not been re
ceived in this country, but it was true all
Cubans in Havana knew through their
ofheial sources. He stated this intorma
tion could be given the American people
with every confidence. They further
stated that Port au Principe, Cascora and
Guamaro were all in the hands of the
Cubans under Calixto Garcia and h s aids.
Among the reports is that Weyler is
wounded.
MADRID, Spain, Nov. 19.— A dispatch
to the Impaicial from Havana says that
Captain-General Weyler has reached the
town i f San Cristobal, about fourteen
leagues northeast of the city of Pinar del
Rio and about midway between hat city
and Havana. Maceo's headquarters are
said to be in the bids between San Cristo
bal and Cayabas.
HAVANA. Cuba. Nov. 19.— A train con
veying troops was wrecked to-day near
Mangas by the explosion of dynamite
bombs which had been placed in position
by rebels. Founeen persons were wound
ed. The train was crossing a culvert when
the exp osion occurred. The insurgents
placed five bombs for the purpose of blow
ing up the train, bat one of them did not
explode. It is s^aid here that the rebels
thought General Weyler was on the train.
NEW YORK, N. V*. xVov. 19.— Secretary
cieQuesadaof the Cuban Junta stated to
rfaT t.mr t<e htrt just received most favor
able news of the situation in Cuba.
"I have just heard by mail," said Mr
de Quesda, "from General Carrilio, in
charge ot the province of Las Villas. He
informs me that he has jast met General
Sanchez, who was comine from the eas'
ern department with re-enforcements,
and that the situation presents a most
cheerful aspect in that section, which em
braces the larger half of the eastern end
of Cuba.
"I have also received letters from the
eastern department irom civil Governor
Cespedes, which are also very encourae
ing. He is establishing public schools
throughout the interior. The fact that
we have already appointed a civil Govern
ment in the eastern part of the island,
which is entirely in our hands, and that
schools have been opened to the less in
telligent, proves that our po ition in this
province is certainly a most strong one.
"Although nothing of importance has
rr ached me yet in rpiation to the military
operations by the Cuban leaders I have
received word that the Cuban forces are
gradually advancing westward,"
GENERAL WESLER WRIPPED.
Howard Saya It la Time for the Span
ish Hutcher to Heaign.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Nov. 19.— 1n an inter
view to-day anent the rumor that General
Weyler had resigned from the command
of the Spanish forces in Cuba, General O.
O. Howard, ex -commanding general of the
United States army, said: "As I see.Gen
eral Weyler was a beaten man and it was
time for him to resign. His troops were
whipped and bis strategic resources were
at an end when he went back to Havana.
The individual rear movement of Weyler
• showed the inability of the Spanish army
to dislodge the insurgents. If he could
have whipped them he would have stayed
and whipped them. His retirement was
the beginning of the end so far as Weyler
is concerned. My view of the Cuban war
is simply this: It is a question of finances,
not of nghting. Spain is big enough to
crush out every cane bush as well as
insurgent in Cuba, if she can raise the
money to pay and provision the troops re
quired, but Spain has a mighty big job on
her bands. It has already been clearly
proved that the Cubans are greater fight
ers, greater strategists and a greater peo
ple. Whether Spain can raise enough
money to pay the men is something about
which the world is guessing."
General Howard thinks the Cuban war
has developed nothing new in tactics. He
declined to express an opinion as to
whether the United States should inter- I
fere on behalf of the insurgents.
NOT ALLOWED TO CELEBRATE.
Spanish Authorities Have 2fo Sympathy
for Cuban Martyr: •;
NEW YORK, N. V., ' Nov. 19.-Letters
received in this city from/Havana an-
Bounce that the Spanish Government has
taken every precaution to avoid any pub
lic demonstration on November 27, the
anniversary of the execution of the stu
dents of the University of Havana who
were condemned by court-martial in 1871
for the alleged violation of the tomb of
Don Gonzalo Castanon, the Spanish jour
nalist.
v ' Every year the families' ■of the victims
been accustomed to attend mass for
the souls of the dead in the Cathedral of
Havana on November 27. The newspapers
published articles and : the " students ; id
go not to their classes in the university on
that day. The rector of the university has
been summoned to the palace of the cap-
Wn general and warned not to permit
The San Francisco Call
any demonstration, no matter how peace
ful, on the part of tne students.
The Cubans of New York will have a
meeting on November 27, and on that day
the mass that under present circum
stances cannot be celebrated at Havana
will be suug in a Catholic church here.
PREPARING FOR EM ERGENCIES.
Big Contract for Anna Given to the
Winchester Cnnipony.
NEW HAVEN, Conk.. Nov. 19.— The
Register this afternoon prints a story that
the Government, "before noon to-mor
row." will place an order witb the Win
chester Arms Company for 100,000 rifles of
tne Lee pattern, the standard small arms
of the American army. This announce
ment is made on the authority ol a com
mercial agent who had it irom an official
of the Winchester Arms Company. As
usual, the Winchesters will not talk. Ac
cording to this agent, the contract is due
to the relations between this country and
Spain, and a desire on the part of the
Government to be prepared for an emer
gency. _
TRIAL OF FILIUSTERS.
■ ' " — —
Evidence Against Members of the
Zauradn'M Crete Presented.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 19.— The trial
of Emilio Nunez and Captain Charles R.
Dickman was ' resumed to-day. John
Deumer said he had been a fireman on
the Laurada during her alleged filibuster
ing trip last May. His testimony was
almost similar to that of tb> alleged spy,
Quinn, and the other witnesses who testi
fied yesterday.
On cross-examination witness . stated
that he had received money since leaving
the Laurada on several occasions ; from
some person whose name he did not know.
Martin' Kasparit said he had been a
seaman on the Laurada, and his story was
in the main similar to that of the previous
witnesses. He was also under pay.
Captain Henry W. Mosher, of the tug
Volunteer, tetified ;o having towed the
lighter Green Point, loaded with boxes
and other packages, from Astoria to the
Laurada, off Montauk Point, on May 4.
With Captain M sher's .testimony, evi
dence for the Government closed.
Counsel for the defense then requested
Judge Broan to direct a verdict of acquit
tal on the ground that there had been no
evidence to show that any crime had been
committed. . ; .
General Tracy raised the question
whether the case of the defendants came
within the jurisdiction of the Southern
Di- trict of New York, or even within the
trritory of the .United States. The con
stitution provided, he said, that the ac
cused must be tried within the district
where the offense was committed. Mon
tauk Point, he said, is in the Eastern Dis
trict of New York. General Tracy said
that the prosecution must show that Cap
tain Dickman knew before he left New
York that men alleged to have been on
board ;he Laurada intended to arm them
selves, as they are said to have done alter
tney left Montauk Point. No offense com
mitted in this the Souihern trict had
been proved against the captain.' ;
His Honor, denied the motion to instruct
an acquittal. ;  j! : y- : A
' Counselor Reubens, after a few words to
the jury, in which he said the statement
of the ca>e for the defense would be left to
the summing up, called A. \V. Barrs of
Jacksonville, Fla., a real e-tate dealer.
Witness said he had seen the Laurada at
Hard port. He had gone out to the Lau
rada on a tug. He said the statements of
the witnesses lor the prosecution that the
Cubans had given Captain Dickman orders
were absolutely untrue. Witness and a
friend had visited the Luurada once on the
tug and later in a skiff, but on neither oc
casion had Colonel Nunez given any
orders.
On cross-examination witness admitted
he was a sympathizer with the Cubans,
addintr: "I don't see how anybody can live
in this country and not be."
General Tracy— So say we all of us.
At the. conclusion of the testimony of
this witness an adjournment was taken
until to-morrow morning, when General
Tracy will begin the summing up.
BAD MANAGEMENT IN MANILA
Spain Seem* to Be Conducting a Gu-aa-
Tou-Hlraae Wir.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 19. —The Hong
kong Daily Press of October 17 contains
the latest news of the Philippine rebellion
rece.ved from its special correspondent, as
follows:
MANILA. Oct 13.— The third batch of
troops arrived to-day, 1200 in number.
This places altogether over 3000 men in
the Philippines ready for the field, which
added to the native troops, who so far
have with few exceptions b*en loyal to
the Spanish, should give a sufficient num
ber to exterminate the poorly armed reb
els now holding forth in Cavite. It should
be a sufficient number, but it seems to be
tne opinion that the rebels will still flour
ish and be able to defend themselves
against any serious blow for some time, at
least until the rest of the band of troops
expected have arrived and are in the field.
Tne Spanish also show an inclination to
lay aside and not to take any chances of
defeat until the otber troops arrive, when
with a large force their success would, at
least in their eyes, appear certain. From
wnat we saw of the soldiers, it would
seem that considerable time could be
wisely spent in equipping the troops, for
work in the fie.d cannot be successfully
carried on when the outfit of a soldier is
limited to a gun and cartridge-case. The
commissary department seems to be
limited loan officer in gorgeous uniform
ana two Indians, with a couple of old iron
pot 3; and the medical department to a
doctor with a medicine chest. No doubt
they are better off than that, although
that is exactly the outfit, so far as could
be seen, of the body of troops embarking
for Cavite. It is, however, certain that
they are extremely weak in organization.
Some disloyalty has been shown by some
of the Indian marines on shore duty, who
fired npon some Spanisn troops, whiie the
nauvo troops at Mindan have revolted
seizing forta and gunboats on the lake
and, in fact, are in full possession. The
Spanish troops have been firing at each
other as a result of a blunder in maneuver
ing, and considerable loss has been re
ported.
Governor-General Blanco no doubt is
trying to conduct the campaign in the
way it should be, and to him alone is
credit due for so little killing taking place
in and about Manila. It i» unfortunate,
however, that officers who have the execul
tion of his orders in hand are not of the
same opinion.
The bi • .French warship Isly arrived in
the harbor last night. The report that
affairs are quieting down and the rebellion
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 20, 1896.
"Well, I guess I can get ready for Thanksgiving now/
about over is altogether false, for the rebels
are in a better condition to-day than they
ever were, and it has been only during the
last few days that a large estate not a
dozen miles from Manila was seized and
the rebels occupied it undisturbed. The
city of Manila its j lf, however, is undoubt
edly safe.
OREYFUS THE VICTIM OF A PLOT.
Reopening of a Famous Case A/most
Causes the Overthrow of the
Me/me Ministry.
LONDON, Eng., Not. 19.— A Paris dis
patch to tie Pa.l Mall Gazette says that
the Ministry had a very narrow escape in
the Chamter of Deputies yesterday, and
nothing but the patriotism of a number of
Deputies saved it from overthrow. Hos
til-ty of the Chamber was also aroused by
the overbearing attitude and tone of Gen
eral Billot, Minister of War, in bis state
ment which Premier Meline at first was
not disposed to supplement until he saw
that his own friends were leaving him.
In view of the situation the Premier was
compelled to accept a compromise in the
shape of a modification of the motion, 'M.
Castelane demanding that tl c Govern
ment tafce action in the case of the reports
that Dreyfus had been the victim of a plot
and expressing confidence that the Gov
ernment would endeavor to punish the
puilty persons. The opinion in the lobby
after the debate was that the Government
would be obliged to order new prosecu
tions in connection with the case of Drey
fus, many members expressing the belief
that it would be better for the country to
have shot Dreyfus than to pay £2500 a
year to keep him in confinement.
A dispatch from Paris says: The Jour
nal understands that as a result of yester
day's debate In regard to Dreyfus the Min
ister of Justice has ordered a reopening of
the inquiry into the matter.
REV. J. C. HULL PLEADS GUILTY.
Admits That He Poisoned His Wife and
Escapes With Six Years'
Imprisonment.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Nov. 19.— The trial
of Rev. James C.Hull for poisoning his
wife came to a dramatic end this after
noon. Dr. Hull changing his plea to
guilty. A few minutes before noon Prose
cuting Attorney Butler placed in evidence
a letter which Hull wrote last Jfebruary
to a pastor in California, saying his wife
was slowly dying of a cancer and that she
could not live the year out This letter
contradicted Hull's previous testimony,
especially as it had been shown that Mrs!
Hull did not have a cancer and that Hull
was aware of that fact, having been told
so by Dr. Hawkins, bis family physician.
At the opening of the afternoon session
8. L. Pierce, Hull's attorney, told Hull
that the California letter in effect contra
dicted him and advised him to plead
guilty.
This the latter did and Judge Egan sen
tenced him to six years' imprisonment in
the State prison at Stillwater. The trial
had been in progress four dave Hull had
insured his wife's life for $2000 and spent
several weeks trying to poison her with
arsenic. Up to last winter Hull was pas
tor of the Clinton - avenue Methodist
Church and created a sensation by taking
a decided stand against the A. P. A.
Tom /Coed in chicnr/o.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 19.— Hon. Thomas
B. Read arrived in Chicago to-day on nis
homeward journey from California, where
he did effective stump work for the Presi
dent-elect. He was accompanied by his
daughter and Congressman Frank Aldnch
of this city, whose guest the Speaker was
at an informal luncneon given at the
Union League Club with a small party.
Mr. Reed declined to talK on political
matters and remained at the club until it
was time for him to leave to take the
Pennsylvania limited train for New York
at 6:30 o'clock.
RUBS PEPPER INTO
BUTLER'S WOUNDS
Tom Watson Arraigns the
Senator fcr Double
Dealing.
By His Disloyal Policy the Cam
paign Chairman Wrecked
the P opie's Party.
The Georgian Refuses to Recognize
the Right to P ace H:m Under
Democratic Tricksters' Heels.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 19.— The Consti
tution will print the following to-morrow
morning: Tom Watson has been rubbing
more red pepper into the wounds of Sena
tor Marion Butler. In his paper, out yes
terday, he published his answer to Butler
and it is without an v sign of conservatism.
In his reply Mr. WfttSOß says in part:
'■You did not dare to publish it (the
first letter) because you felt its arraign
ment of you to be unanswerable. Mr.
Washburn'B telegrams (to which I was no
party) did not control you then in not
I'iiblishine the letter any more than they
control you now in suppressing it. The
truth is, Senator, you feel yourself to be a
deeply guilty man, as indeed, you are.
Instead of managing this ereat campaign
in a spirit of broad patriotism and of
courageous loyalty to your nominee and
your i»arty, you have allowed your per
sonal ill will to divert you into a tortuous,
narrow, jealous and disloyal poiicy, which
has shipwrecked the People's party and
brought the success of Mr. Bryan to a
crisis of extreme peril.
"You now plead with me to pull you
out of the hole. I shall do nothing of the
kind. You picked your way into it and
you must picK your way out.
"Senator, you were selected as chair
man to help me with this campaign, you
were expected to act with me and for me.
You have not done so. You have acted
without me aad you have acted against
me. In nothing have you consulted me.
At no time have you told me of your
plans or your purposes.
"In all this you may be right and I may
be wrong. The committee called off by
you to one side at Chicago has sustained
you and censured me. Therefore my po
sition is most painful. Ti.e Bryan-Sewall
committee is against me and the Bryan-
Watson committee isagainst me. I stand
alone.
"But, Senator, I was a Populist while
yon were still camping with the Demo
crats, and I have always been a middle-of
the-road Populist, while you never have
been. You have always been a protection
ist, and you bargain with the Republicans
in one campaign and with the Democrats
in another. In this campaign you have
bargained with both Democrats and Re
publicans. God only knows which bar
gain you intend to keep. As for me, I
turn from you and appeal to the real,
true-hearted Populists. If I have sinned
against right I am right in demanding
that the party and Us creed be protected
by the Democrats who came to us for help.
"But Ido not recognize your right to
put me under the heels of the Democratic
tricksters and bosses, and I shall continue
to claim the privilege of speaking and
writing for the National nominees of the
People's party. Ido not believe that the
time hay jet come when Populists will
say it is treason to be loyal to the Populist
ticket. It is unnecessary for me to say
that my letter of acceptance must stand
just as it is written."
CONTESTS IN THE HOTEL
speaker jf£e*dr* -.b'eii*4t>te .Method* . Cause
--'*•-"—.'*; Them . to !>■ er-aie.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 19.— As yet
Representative Bowers of the San Diego
district : has filed ? no notice of contest
against Castle. There is the gratifying
prospect that there will be but few con-;
tested. election cases in the next : House of
Representatives. Thus far, instead of the
large number of notices filed of intention
to contest, less / than a dozen members
who were' defeated at; the election have
announced that they will dispute the re
sult 'of . the ballot. Tim diminution 'of
a number of cases is the result of Speaker
Reed's: admirable disposition of these
cases in the present House.
When the Fifty-fourth Congress met
there were no less than thirty contests be
fore the House. Mr. Reed accordingly ap
pointed three committees on elections and
divided the contest between these three
committees. The result is that there re
mains on the calendar of the House oniy
one or two contests. Each of the election
committees having only a few cases found
itself able to try every contest carefully
and deliberately. Not one of the contest
ing parties in any of the cases has ex
pressed himself other than fully satisfied
that he received absolute justice at the
hands of the committee. The chairman
of each committee announced at the out
set of bis work that every man would be
given ample opportunity and sufficient
time to present h s case before the com
mittee in its most advantageous form.
There has never been a word of criticism
of the work of these three committees.
They have been absoluely non-partisan.
Indeed, in several cases the committees
have decided unanimously against the
Republicans.
The result has been that the disposition
of defeated candidates to enter upon con
tests relying more upon the majority in
the Hous- than upon the justice of their
claim has been checked. The Republican
Congressional Committee has, up to the
present time, been notified by six Re
publican candidates of their intention to
contest. In each instance the defeated
candidate has asked the opinion of the
committee as to the merit of his case,
from which it is safe to say the decision of
the committee as to the wisdom of the
contest may be accepted by the candi
dates. Thus, Mr. Setile of North Caro
lina announced immediately after the
election that he would contest the seat of
his opponent, but has since declared his
intention to abandon the contemplated
proceedings. The Congressional Com
mittee will meet shortly before Congress
assembles to discuss the situation, and the
number of contests that will be actually
filed will depend largely upon the result
of the committee's investigation. Chair
man Babcock and Secretary Mercer are in
hearty accord with the policy of Speaker
Reed, which has always been to discounte
nance contests.
G OSSIE ABOUT THE CABINET.
Mark • Hanna Sol ■ After a'• Place, But
'.;'■■'■ . ■ Other* Art Mentioned. '•' .
'■■ * CANTON, Ohio, ' Nov. 19.— There were
no ; callers '■ of political importance at the
McKinley residence a to-day, V though t, the
report that General Horace Porter of New
York was ,in Cleveland and .■•'■■. expected
to spend the night here ; set the tongues
.wagging and the gut>3sers guessing. Gen
eral Porter did not .; come,' however, but
will Tisit < Can i{a few days later on his
return from St. Louis. , General Porter is
, talked of in connection with the position
of Secretary of War. ; Colonel ; Fred Grant
and :l General , R. A. Alger r; are > the : other
names still most prominently mentioned
in that connection. >; >;.;,' "^
,' Gossip bout the • possible appointment
of M. A. Hanna to V. be Secretary of the
Treasury has come to an end with the dia
covery of the fact that he is not eligible to
this position by reason of his pecuniary
interest in shipping. Mr. Hanna will not
be Secretary of the Treasury and he shows
no signs of abandoning his determination
not to accept any political position what
soever.
The Cabinet-makers are suggesting John
Russell Young of Philadelphia for Secre
tary of the Navy, and rumors come from
Chicago that Lyman Gage of that city
may be urged for Secretary of the
Treasury. The statement that Joseph P.
Smith is to be appointed Marshal of the
District of Columbia has not been veri
fied. Mr. Smith is one of Mr. McKiniey's
efficient and loyal adherents, and bis se
lection for this or an equally good place
would occasion no surprise. The office of
Marshal of the District of Columbia is
worth about $15,000 a year. The Marshal
is the executive officer of the district and
is often asked to make the presentations,
at the Presidential receptions.
Mrs. McKinley is Improved in health
and wps well enough to take a drive with
her husband and Captain and Mrs.
Heistand to-day.
TEINS WANTS A PLACE.
Friend* of F.x-Stnt* Chairman John
Grant Urge Him for a Portfolio.
DALLAS, Tex., Nov. 19.— Nearly 200
Republicans of prominence, representing
all sections of Texas, met here to-day to
promote the movement in ihe interest of
procuring a Cabinet po-itioninthe coming
McKinley administration for ex- State
Chairman John Grant, who is now the
National Republican Comniitteeman for
Texas. Dr. Grant during the recent cam
paign had much friction with State Chair
man E. H. R. Green and General J. N.
Huston of Indiana, who was sent here by
Mark Hanna to look after campaign
affairs. Grant's friends assert that neither
they nor their chief have any enmity for
Chairman Green, but they are bitter
against General Huston. Many telegrams
and leters were read at to-day's meeting
expressing sympathy with its objection.
Judge C. L Evans was temporary chair
man and Judge J. M. McCormick pre
sided permanently. Many speeches were
made and a strong tribute to Dr. Grant
paid in a series of resolut ons which were
adopted. It is the intention to formulate
a memorial and petition to Major McKin
ley in harmony with the action of the
meeting, getting as many Republicans
throughout th State to sign the petition
as soon as possible recommending Dr.
Grant for a Cabinet pos tion. A com
mittee will carry these documents to Can
ton ana deliver them to Major McKinley
in person.
LATE BLEDIJOS RETURNS.
How the Electoral Vole stands in the
ff-rit Close States.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 19.— The late
returns irom Kentucky, Wyoming, the
Dakotas and other clo-e States eive Bryan
one vote in Kentucky, the three vote- of
Wyoming and the four votes of South
Dakota. In the last named State the
Bryan electors have only 191 votes more
than the McKinlfy electors. In Wyom
ing 'he lowest Brvan elector is <OT ahead
of the highest McKinley elector. In thin
State, as well as in Keutucky, the official
canvass may change the result. The eiec
toral table now stands:
For McKinley — California 9, Connnecti
cut 6, Delaware 3. Illinois 24, Indiana 15,
lowa 13, Kentucky 12, Maine 6, .Maryland
8, Massachusetts 15, Michigan 14, Minne
sota 9, New Hampshire 4, New Jprsey 10,
New York 36, North Dakota 3, Ohio 23,
Orecon 4, Pennsylvania 32, Rho<le Island
4. Vermont 4, West Virginia 6, Wisconsin
12. Total 272.
For Bryan — Alabama 11, Arkansas 8,
Colorado 4, Florida 4, Georgia 13, Idaho 3,
Kansas 10, Kentucky 1, Louisiana 8, Mis
sissippi 9, Missouri 17, Montana 3, Ne
braska 8, Nevada 3, Norrb Carolina 11,
South Carolina 9, South Dakota 4, Ten
nessee 12, Texa« 15, Utah 3, Virginia 12,
Washington 4, Wyoming 3. Total 175.
10 CONTEST IN MINNESOTA.
Democrats Claim That dough Was Aot
Elected Governor.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Nov. 19.— T. A. Ros
ing, chairman of the Democratic State
Central Committee, General E. M. Pope,
secretary of the same committee, and
Thomas D. O'Brien, Minnesota member
of the Democratic National Committee,
met here to-day to consider the advisabil
ity of contesting the election of David M.
Clougb as Governor of Minnesota. The
returns showed the election of Cloufch by
a plurality of 3560 votes. A great many
ballots were thrown out because of imper
fect marking. The Democrats claim that
a great many of these were all right as to
Governor, but were improperly thrown
out because of double markings as to
Bryan and Palmer electors. Over 300 of
these ballots are reported in one county.
If Mr. Rosing and his associates find tUat
the imperfect ballots number as much as
400 they will contest and ask for a re
count.
AN IMPETUS TO BUSINESS.
General Clarkaon Speaka of One Result
of MeKinley's t.lir.iion.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 19.-General
J. S. Clarkson of lowa was at the Fifth
avenue Hotel to-day. He is president of
the North River Bridge Company and is
here on business. He said to a reporter
ot the United Associated Presses that he
was out of politics and did not care to
give an interview.
"McKinley's election," be said, has
given a great impetus to business already."
He knew of one enterprise that Had raised
11.300,000 since ejection.
As to the Cabinet he cared to say noth
ing. "McKinley," he concluded, "has a
great opportunity, and I believe he will be
equal to it in every way. His speeches at
Canton showed his ability as a states
man."
PERRY DEATH IS COMING.
Gathering Material in the West to Wage
War on Silver.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Nov. 19. — Mr.
Hanna and Horace Porter held a long con
ference in Mr. Hanna's rooms this morn
ing. General Porter had come to Cleve
land pursuant to a special call.
Perry Heath, chief of the Republican
Literary Bureau, came to Cleveland this
morning, and after a conference with Mr.
Hanna left for California. He will make
an exhaustive study of gold and silver re
sources. He will go to Mexico and study
monetary conditions. The trip is for the
express purpose of obtaining more cam
paign ammunition, and is the first move
of the permanent organization towage
war against silver.
An eminent oculist asserts that opera
glasses hired in theaters very often spread
eye diseases.
\
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THAT PECULIAR
NIGHT VISITANT
Many of Sacramento's Best
Citizens Certain It Was
an Airship.
Brilliancy of Its Light Caused
Residents to Rush to
Their Windows.
Many Theories Concerning the Strange
Phenomenon, but the Mystery
Is Yet to Bi So ved.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Nov. 19.— There
have been as yet no new developments of
a trustworthy character in this locality in
regard to the mysterious aerial visitant
which swept over this city on Tuesday
evening, with the exception tnat the num
ber of persons who saw its brilliant search
light are daily growing more numerous,
or lather in light of what has been pub
lished have less fear of public censure and
less hesitancy in making their identity
known.
There are residents on the outskirts of
the city who declare that they received
notice of the pas-ing of the airship by
having their apartments illuminated by
the brilliancy oi its electrical light, and
rushing to their windows under the im
pression that some neighboring residence
was ablaze saw the brilliant light moving
through the air overhead. In the mean
time airao-t the sole i-übject of conversa
tion is the mysterious visitant, and the
leading greeting is: "Have you seen the
airship?"
Those who failed to catch a glimpse of
this brilliant light still persist in regard
ing it ratlfer in thn shape of a hoax, and
numerous stories have been circulated of
toy balloons, birds witb Chinese lanterns
attached and similar ridiculous explana
tions of this strange phenomenon, Dut
those who were eye-witnesses — and their
names are legion — are strenuous in their
declarations that this can oy no means be
a myth, but was an aerial vessel of some
description.
Ainoni: these eye-witnesses there were
several who wore practical electricians,
and who claim that in their judgment this
lieht was of an eiectrical character, and
they also claim that to produce a light of
this size and brilliancy it would require at
least one horsepower, and that would
mean a vessel capable of sustaining half a
ton weight for i he light alone, and the
one thing most of th.j witnesses to the
phenomenon are positive about is that the
licht was white, like that shed by an arc
lamp.
Weather Observer Barwick is at bb much
loss as anybody to account for the appear
ance in the sky. He says the color of a
rueieor would be affected by the density of
'he atmosphere through which it was
darting, and on an evening like that of
Tuesday, he believes, the light of such an
aerial visitor would most likely be pur
plish, and in no event the extreme white
oi an arc lamp.
At all events there can be no possible
room for doubt that something ex
tremely mysterious parsed over this city,
and its passage was viewed by hundreds
of Sacramento's best citizens. This no
one denies, and yet there are hundreds
who laugh the idea to scorn that the se
cretofaerial navigation has been solved,
yet wait in fearfand trembling lest some au
thentic news be received of the "xistence
of a veritable airship, a,nd they find that the
Jaugh has been turned upon themselves.
ONE BELIEVER IX OAKLaND,
John Grieiter Say the Secret of Aerial
Xarigation la Solved.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 19.— The account
of the flying-machine which was seen
passing over Sacramento Tuesday night
has been read with great interest by one
man, at least, in this city. John Grie>er
of 374 Twelfth street has hammered tacks
into his shoes and studied the possibili
ties of making a flying-machine Cor many
years. He has not rested at studying the
problem, but has put much of his time
during spare hours to the work of con
structing something along the line of an
aerial ship. It was only the fore part of
August that he made a very su cessful
trial of his machine. When seen by a
Call representative he said:
"I was much interested in the article in
to-day's Call and the picture that ii.us
trates it. The man who designed that
machine has the true idea of aerial navi
gation I believe. One mast have a bal
loon of sufficient carrying or lifting ca
pacity to support at least half of the
weight to be carried and then means to
navigate the air to do the balance. I am
a firm believer in the snecess of man to
navigate the air and am ready to accept
the news that some one has at last suc
ceeded as toid in the story from Sacra
mento.
"I have no doubt but that some one in
the country has been at work on a ma
chine and after getting one that would
work had been out for a ride, when he
got too low and was discovered.
"If I could have had an opportunity to
get out and try my models I should have
bad a successful machine before this time.
When I did make an experiment out in
the street at an early morning hour I
managed to move myself about, but strik
ing the wires broke my machine. It baa
not since been repaired.
"1 first took to working on a machine
three years ago from reading an article
which quoted an English scientific gentle
man who said it was a possibility to be
solved. I have never had the assistance
of any man or of any money to develop
my models, and, with the exception of a
boy, I do not allow any one to see what
work I have done. He went and made up
a big story about what he was doing and
told it to a reporter some time since."
An Extensive Assignment.
CHICAGO, 111.. Nov. 19.— The Probst
Construc-ion Company assigned this after
noon to Gustave Willitt. Ttie company is
one of the largest contracting concerns in
the country and its headquarters are in
New York. No statement of assets and
liabilities was assigned.2
FRANK ARBUCKLE'S
PECULIAR DEATH
Found Unconscious in the
Street He Expires at
a Hospital.
Foul Play and Rcbbery Sus
pected, but No Evidence Can
Be Found.
The Deceased Was a Prominent Poli
tician and Business Man of
Colorado.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 19.— Frank'P.
Arbuckle of Denver, chairman of the
State Democratic Committee of Colorado,
receiver of public moneys of that State
and a business man of great wealth, was
found unconscious in uuper Eighth ave
nue, near One Hundred and Fifty-third
street, this morning by the police and
aied shortly after being removed to a near
by station-house.
There were no marks of violence on the
body, but there was a distinct smell of
liquor about it and the detectives were
sent out at once to make an investigation.
They went to Captain Savers' Atlantic
Casino at One Hundred and Fifty-fifth
street and there learned that a man
answering the description of the dead man
in every particular, had been in the Casino
between 11 and 12 o'clock last night.
Charles Horstman, the bartender, said
that the man then had a handsome watch
and chain. He remained in the Casino
for half an hour, and while there bought
several drinks and showed a large roil of
bills.
Of his movements after that the police
have been able to learn nothing. They
examined the ground where he was found,
but not a trace of a struggle was indicated.
There was no watch on the body when it
was searched at the station-house, and but
for the statement of the bartender the po
lice have no evidence that would point to
robbery or assault.
The neighborhood where the dying
man was found has an an savory reuuta
tion, and just thereabouts are a number
of Raines-law hotels, frequented by boat
men and women of low character. Nearly
every week the police receive a report of
tome robbery from the vicinity.
Fred Fiegel, editor of the Tammany
Times, identified the dead man as Frank
P. Arbuckle, a mine-owner and politician
of Denver.
Mr. Arbuckle had been in this city for
one week, and daring that time had been
a guest of Mr. Fiegel at his residence, 236
West Thirty-ninth street Mr. Arbcckle,
when last seen by any of his friends, wag
in Fourteenth street, near the Tammany
Hall, at 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon. He
was with Mr. Fiegel and was in excellent
health and spirits.
After a few minutes' conversation with
Mr. Fiegel he went away, saying, "I'll see
you at 6 o'clock at the house." He did
not go to the house, however, and was
next heard of when Mr. Fiegel identified
his body in the station-house a few min
utes after 10 o'clock this morning. How
and why he went to upper Eighth avenue
is a mystery and the police as well as his
iriends are at a loss to account for it
Mr. Arbnckle was president of the High
lands Water Company and the Highlands
Electric Light Company of Denver, and
had a large fortune in real estate and min
ing property in addition at Cripple Creek
and Central City. He leaves a widow and
three children— two boys, 13 and 15 years
of respectively, and a daughter, married
and living in Denver.
Coroner's Physician O'Hanlon per
formed an autopsy on the body to-night.
He found fatty degeneration of the heart
sufficient, he said, to produce death.
There Was slight gastritis in the stomach,
vhich may -have been due to alcohol or
some irritant poison. To settle t is ques
tion definitely the contents of the stomach
will be analyzed. There was also found
congestion of the brain, which might have
been caused by alcohol.
A very slight contusion on the scalp
back of the right ear and a slight hemor
rhage of the right kidney were probably
caused by falling to the ground. They were
not, the doctor said, the result of an as
sault. Up to a late hour to-night no ar
rests had been made. When aeked wheth
er they had any clews which would lead
to the detection of a possible crime the
police said although they had made care
ful inquiry they could find no one who
had seen or beard of Mr. Arbuckle.
Roundsman McLaughlin found him in an
uuconscious condition in a vacant lot.
DENVER, Colo., Nov. ly.— Frank P.
Arbuckle's home was at Highlands, a
suburb of this city. He married Miss
Emma Bwift of Fond dv Lac, Wis., who,
with two sons and a daughter, Mrs. A. N.
Darrow of Denver, survive him. He was
a telegraph operator at Russellville, where
he went six years ago Irom his native
City, Erie, Pa., and afterward became
•ctive in politics and returned to Colo
rado. Under the first Cieveland adminis
tration Mr. Arbuckle was appointed land
officer at Laraar.
He was president of the Denver Water
Works Company. He perfected and suc
cessfully operated the Beaver brook Water
Company and the Mountain Water Com
pany, which supplied the citizens of High
lands, and the Denver-Highland- El» ctric
Company. He was appointed Receiver of
the Land Office at Denver under the pres
ent administration. Mrs. Arbuckle left
Denver last evening to join her husband
in New York, where they intended to re
main a month. He went East just after
the election to close a large minins deal.
OMAHA, Nebb., Nov. 19.— Mrs. Frank
Arbuckle, whose husband was found in a
dying condition in New York this morn
ing, was a passenger on the Union Pacific
train that passed through this city at 4:45
p. m. to-day. Bbc said that ehe had re
ceived the news of th« death of her hus
band at 11 o'clock in the morning, a tele
gram having been sent to her on the train
by friends in Denver.
Mrs. ArbacKle said that she would con
tinue on her way East, but there had been
no arrangements for the funeral, nor had
she given the Bubject any thought as yet.
She said that her husband and Mr. Fiegel
had both urged her to come to New York"
and spend some time there visiting, and
this she had intended to do when sha left
Denver yesterday, but she doubted if she
would remain in New York but a few days.
The interment will probably be in Denver.
Mr. Arbucklo, his wife said, was in the
best of health when she last heard from
him. The particulars of his death she
gleaned from the press dispatches, ile
has visited New York several times a year,
she said, and usually stopped at the Fifth
avenue Hotel, but ti is time he stopped
with his friend, Mr. Piegel.
-CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 19.— Frank P. Ar
buckle, the Denver mine-owner and poli
tician, who was found dying on Eighth
avenua under circumstances pointing to
murder, was known to every member of
the local Mining Stock Exchange.of which
he was an associate since its organization.
On the local exchange Mr. Arbuckle con
trolled the Cripple Creek and Central City
Company, of which he was president,
the Delaware Chief mine in Gilpin County,
and he held a large block of Medinau
mine shares.
ERIE, Pa., Nov. 19.— Erie relatives and
friends of Frank P. Arbuckle received
their first news of his death through the
United Press dispatch. The deceased was
an Erie boy and left this city in the '7O's.
News of his death came as a severe shock
to his father, W. S. Arbuckle, aged 82
years, and Mrs. Arbuckle, 80 years of age.
The deceased was a brother of ex-Collector
of the Port Richard Arbuckle.
GAVE PROPERTY FOR LOVE.
But Courts Decided It an Invalid Bargain
and the Widow's Daughter Gets
the Estate.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 19.-A Times
special from .Atlanta, Ga., Bays: Miss
Leonora Dean, a pretty young maiden,
has succeeded in breaking a sale of prop
erty made by her mother, a widow, to her
lover under circumstances of peculiar in
terest. Mrs. Lola Marshall Dean, the
mother of tne young woman, was a woman
of great beauty and decided literary abil
ity. When her husband died he left her a
fortune of $15,000.
For several winters she passed her time
at a Florida resort, where she made the
acquaintance of S. M. Pinkham, a well
known hotel-keeper and local politician,
with whom she became desperately enam
ored. Pinkham appears to have been
likewise 6mitten, but when he pressed his
suit he was met with the objection that
the fair lady bad made a promise to her
dead husband that she would never marry
again. She decided, however, that their
love should be of a platonic kind.
This was not quite warm enough for
Pinkham, who thereupon began paying
his respects to another lady in a neighbor
ing town. When Mrs. Dean heard of this
she was terribly aeitated, aud sending. for
her lover, promised him that if he would
not visit her rival for a space of eighteen
months she would deed him her property.
The lover was more practical than senti
mental and quickly accepted the proposi
tion, whereupon the lady made out formal
deeds and reciting a nominal sum as the
consideration, put him in possession of
her estate. Shortly afterward died,
whereupon her minor daughter brought
suit for the recovery of the property.
There was considerable latitude in the
discussion of the case, it being claimed
tnat an undelivered love like Pinkham's
wa9 not sufficient collateral for so much
property. Tne jury took tti3 view of the
case, and returned a verdict declaring the
deeds to be null and void and restoring
the property to the young eirl, who has
fought so hard for it.
SWAMPED IN BAD INVESTMENTS.
Banker Farwell, Who Is Now in Europe,
Left Much Worthless Paper
Behind Him.
BOSTON, Mass., Nov. 19.— The Herald's
Faif mount (N. ti.) special says: The
banker, John L. Farwell, of the Sullivan
County Institution for Savings, now in
Europe, has left $1,000,000 of largely de
preciated or worthless paper behind him.
Mr. Farwell handled money for a large
number of depositors and investors and
the cash, it is said, was sunk in worthless
investments in Western land and stock
speculation. The bank was closed re
cently by the Commissioners.
Since Mr. Farwell's departure for Europe
many cases have been found where be
loaned money on Government lands pre
empted by men who skiDped away before
the first interest was due. He worked
through a Nebraska banker, whose guar
antees he accepted as sufficient.
Tlie Bank Commissioners have found
that this "banker" would guarantee any
thing, from a sandbank to a bunch of
alfalfa, that he could raise a mortgage on.
Sullivan County depositors have hun
dreds of thousands of dollars of his wo'th
less guarantees. It is thought Farwell
will never oe seen in Claremont again.
AGAINST DUAL MEMBERSHIP.
Knights of Labor Decide That Workingmen
Should Not Belong to More Than
One Organization.
ROCHESTER, N. V., Nov. 19.-The
delegates of the General Assembly of the
Knights of Labor settled an important
question this morning, that of dual mem
bership. While it xloes not affect all
trades it affects that of the brewery worK
insmen, the members of wuich generally
belong to both the Knifhts of Labor and
the American Federation or Labor. A
year ago the Federation decided their
members could net belong to other labor
organizations, and to-day the Knights fol
lowed suit so far as the brewers are con
cerned and decided that they must with
draw from either one or the other.
The Knights voted this afternoon not to
put the free coinage of silver plank in
their preamble. The idea of adopting this
plank originated with General Master
vVorkman Sovereign, but the Knights
thought by its being put into the pream ble
it would bar from the organization all
who were not free silverites. The discus
sion occupied the greater part of two days.
A pian for the adoption of a new canal
system was t>re=ente<i in behalf of District
Assembly No. 49 of New York. The idea
advanced is that the Government should
have control of all the canals between the
Atlantic and Pacific, tne object being the
betterment of the system and to compete
with the railroads. A strong declaration
against the National banking system was
presented and the Knights condemned the
system.
The committee on law reported on
propositions from various districts to re
duce the executive board to three mem
bers. The proposition was lost, several of
the delegates having gone home, and it
was not possible to get the necessary two
thirds vote ou the question.
The section of the constitution that pre
vents the formation of a compulsory bene
ficiai society within the Knights of Labor
was struck out, leaving no "rule against
such formation.
The question of settlement of a general
and local assembly was raised by the in
sertion of the following words: "Provin
cial Rational trade associations are sov
ereign in their own jurisdiction in trade
matters and no appeal can be taken in
their decisions in such disputes. Joint
district boards shall be formed in all lo
calities where contiguous districts exist."
The Cold Blast Feather Company of
Chicago was placed on the unfair list.
Jo B* 7ett-d at Una.
SANDY HOOK, N. V., Nov. 19.— The
United States monitor Terror passed
here this moaning. She carries the Inspec
tion Board and will be thoroughly tested
at sea. The cruise will occupy several
days.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1596.
JOHN R. GENTRY
CHANGES OWNERS
Auction Sale of the King
of the American
Turf.
Lewis G. Tewksbury Secures
the Famous Pacer by Bid
ding Up to $19,900
Other Racers of Less Note Are Also
Disposed Of at What Is Con
sidered Fair Prices.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 19.— Before
the largest crowd ever seen at a horse sale
in this country, and after a most sensa
tional auction, John R. Gentry, the cham
pion harness horse of the world, passed
into the hands of Lewis G. Tewksbury of
this city for $19,900 at Madison-square
Garden to-night.
It was 8:30 o'clock when the band which
was stationed over the main entrance of
the garden struck up "Hail to the Chief,"
and Gentry was with difficulty brought
through the crowd to the front of the auc
tioneer's stand. The whole section of the
west side of the garden boxes and reserved
seats were as full as they could hold, while
inside the ring and on the miniature track
the throng of people were pushing and
falling over each other in their efforts to
get a glimpse of the pacing stallion.
Twenty-five thousand was a low estimate
of the number present.
"When the horse was fairly in front of
Auctioneer Bain of Lexington, Ky., who
sold him here last February, when Wil
liam Simpson was the purchaser at $7600,
the barm ceased playing. It- was not,
however, until the police was called that
Bpace was made, barely sufficient for the
horse to move around in.
A cheer went up from the crowd, and in
a few well-chosen words the auctioneer
called for bids for the champion harness
horse of the world, who has paced the
three fastest heats ever accomplished —
2:03^. 2:03»£. 2:o3^— has lowered the bar
ness record to 2:ol}^ and, to crown his
glory and indelibly stamp himself lord
and king of the turf, had covered a mile
in 2:00^, a second faster than any other
horse ever accomplished the distance in
harness.
Bids came in with snch rapidity that the
auctioneer could scarcely keep track of
them. Four, six, eight, ten and eleven
thousand dollars were offered from differ
ent parts of the house with scarcely
breathing time between. But the real
bids were to come wnen the struggle nar
rowed down to two — Louis W. Wormser
ana Louis G. Tewksbury, both New
Yorkers. Mr. Wormser came into the
ring at $12,000, his bid being delivered in
a louJ clear voice, and the crowd ap
plauded. Promptly Mr. Tewksbury went
$500 better. Tnus the battle waged be
tween the two without a moment's hesita
tion up to $16,000, which was Mr. Tewks
bury's bid, then there was a pause followed
by a round of hand-clapping from the
audience, which had been worked up into
a state of excited admiration. The ap
plause greeted Wormser's jump to $18,000.
Scarcely had it died away when the other
combatant came at him with his favorite
rise of $500. There was another short
pause and Wormser shouted $19,500, being
a raise of $1000; no reply followed for a
moment and the tension could be felt.
"What is bid?" avked Mr. Tewksbury.
'Nineteen thousand live hundred dol
lars," was the reply.
"Then I raise it $400."
Tne. auctioneer turned to Mr. Wormser
expectantly, but there was no reply, and
on the third call the auctioneer's gavel
fell. The gallant son of Ashland Wiikes
and Dame Woodstock, Jike the thorough
bred he is, stood the pressure of the crowd
admirably.
With Gentry. Robert J (2:01«^) and
Mascot (2:04) Mr. Tewksbury has a stable
of phenomenal greatness.
The rest of the borseß sold to-day
brought fairly good prices.
Janet (2:13%), 1890, by Mikajan-Flight,
W. C. Harrington. Troy, N. V., $1550.
Consigned by Kalamazoo stock farm:
Alnona A. 1893, by Alcantara-Nona Nut
wood, F. W. Post, New York $510
Election, 2:26^. 1&91, by Ambassador-
Celeste, Jacob Klotz. Somerville N V
$850.
Consigned by William Simpson, New
York: John K. Gentry, 2:00 y, biv horse
1889. br*d by H. G. Toier, Wichita, Kans.'
by Ashland Wilkes, dam Norwood by
Wedgewood, Lewis G. Tewksbury, $19 9CO.
Nutshell and Dick, tne pair that won
honors at the late horse show, brought a
total sum of $2175. A. L. Bnowden of
Philadelphia got Dick at $1025 and E. D.
Oereneaof New York secured Nutshell at
$1150.
ON THE EASTERN TRACKS.
Winner* of Running Events at I.ntonla,
An rilie and .Aeto Orlenn*.
LATONIA, Ky.. Nov. Seven "furlongs.
Oily Gamin won, Captain Drane second, Loyalty
third. • Time, I:3l}£. "'■ ' '
Six furlongs, Robair won, Lady Julia second, i
Masterpiece third.- Time, 1:17. •
Oue mile, Garland Bar ; won, ■ Muskalonge
second, Hermes third. Time, 1 :42?£.
- Five furlongs, • Violet won, Lyilis second,
Sistan third, r. Time, 1:05. .' . . '
One mile, Snydam won, ' Volma second. J.
Waller third.- Time, I:42J£ ' . .
NASHVILLE, Term., Nov. 19.— and a
half furlongs, La Verne won, Fischer second
Sweden third. ..Time, 1 :10. ■ **.- ■■ - ,
Five furlongs, Rusie Hawse won, N. C. Creeds
second, G. R. Longhurbt third. Time, 1:10.
Six iurlonc.% Sim W won. Gladioia second.
Lorranla third. -i. Time, 1:15. ■
Five and a half, furlongs, Thornbusb won
Ruth V second, Austin third. Time, 1:09
One mile, Master Fred won, B. F. Fly Jr. sec
ond. Alto June third. < Time, 1:44. .,--. :t\
NEW ORLEANS, La.. Nov. 19.— Six furlongs, !
Altadena won, Moo tell second, Skjblue third.
.Time. I:lsJ^. :,■ ■■„■' - ' • '\. •' .' ■■■..■-•
Five furiongs. Oella won, Marie C second.
Ivory third. Time, I:o2'^. .-.
One mile, Judge Steaumon won. Nicollni
second, Lizzie Mack third. " Time, 1:43%.
Seven furlongs, Mamie G won, Marquee sec
ond, Nina Louise third.: Time, 1:28?^.
Six furlongs, Hibernia Queen won, Jim Hogg
second, Overella third. Time, I:ls>s.
"itraitnmona to Sight.
BOSTON, Mass., Nov. 19.— The Globe
aays: The offer of $^5,000 by the Bohemian
Athletic Club for a twenty-round boxing
match between Corbett and Fitzsimmous
was topped last night by Jimmy Colvilie,
the sporting man, of this city, who offered
Corbett $26,000 on behalf of a New iTork
club, whose name he would not disclose.
Corbett reiterated his statement of last
night that if by Friday there was no other
offer he would accept it. Fitzaimmons
has been notified of the offer by tele
graph.
Gnudaur -Not Rrady to Rou>.~
TORONTO, Out., Not. 19.— Jacob Gau
daur, the oarsman, in reply to W. H. Bar
ry's challenge to row him on the Thames
for £250 a side, says his boat was smashed
into shreds on the way across the ocean;
that he is out of training and as winter is
coming on he has no facilities for rowing.
He adds, however, that if Barry comes to
Canada he (Gaudaur) will row Him for as
large an amount as he chooses to name
and allow reasonable expenses. He prom
ises to row Barry on the Thames next
spring for £250. *
roXUALL I aic axe retires.
■Bit Brother. iTiwi— R., Purchases Bis
Racing Stable Interest.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 19.— Foxhall
t. Keane has retired from the American
turf and says he will never race auother
horse in this country unless something
occurs to cause h im to change his mind.
The racing firm of M. R. and F. P.
Keane was dissolved to-day, James R.
Keane purchasing ail the interests Of Fox
hall P. Keane in the racing stable. All
the horses in the stable are now the prop
erty of James R. Keane ano) will be raced
in the fiuure in his name. Foxhall P.
Keane, however, retains ft half interest in
the stallions and broodmares at the Cas
tleton farm in Kentucky.
Foxhall P. Keane's retirement from the
turf win permit him to devote bis time and
attention to the outdoor athletic sports, in
which he is so proficient, James R. Keane
loves racing so much that he intends to
give the turf another trial, and hopes that
the coming year will brinij prosperity to
the sport.
X.os Gatos Coursing Club.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 19.— The owners
of greyhounds in the vicinity of Los Gatos
will shortly organize a coursing club.
There are about twenty valuable dogs in
the neighborhood, a numoer of which
have won county and State fame as
runners and thoroughbreds. It is pro
posed to celebrate the organization of the
club by a grand coursing match during tne
holidays.
ltamker in the Lead.
MOSCOW, Russia, Nov. 19— The fourth
and fifth games of the championship chess
match being played between Steinitz and
Lasker resulted in the players winning
one game each. The latter "beat Steinitz
yesterday in a Giuoco piano after sixty
five moves. The score is now 4 to lin
favor of Lasker.
JUMPED FROM A TRAIN.
Pursuit of a Desperate Convict by a Fool-
ish Warden Ends in Both Being
Fatally Injured.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Nov. 19.— A desper
ate attempt for freedom, which resulted in
the loss of two lives, was made this morn
ing near this city. A gang of sixteen
convicts was being conveyed from Erie,
Pa., to the Western penitentiary at AUe
ghany City, to which institution they had
been sentenced for various offenses. The
men were handcuffed and were in the care
of Warden McCrea and Deputy Geibel.
All went well until a point eleven miles
from this city was reacned, when Patrick
Cronin, who was sitting near the door,
suddenly sprang ui>, dashed through the
doorway and jumped from the raDidly
moving train. He had evidently been
working with his handcuffs until he had
succeeded in getting his hands free, for the
irons were found under the seat that he
had occupied.
His escape was so unexpected that the
officers could do nothing to prevent it.
They saw him leap from his seat and the
next moment they saw him huddled up on
the track, where he had fallen.
Auother moment and without waiting
for the train to slow up Warden McCrea
jumped from the train in pursuit of
Cronin, and such was the speed of the
train that be, too, fell as he struck the
ground.
As soon as possible the train was stooped
and backed, and Deputy Geibel hurried to
the assistance of his chief. The two men
were found lying close together on the
track. Warden McCrea was unconscious
and blood was flowing freely from numer
ous cuts in his body and about his head.
Cronin, the prisoner, was conscious, but
was very badly hurt.
The two men were placed on the train
and were brought to Aileghany City. Am
bulances were summoned. McCrea, who
was still unconscious, was taken to the
Jerome Hospital, but he died before
reaching that institution. Cronin was
taken to the Western penitentiary and
now lies in the hospital of the prison.
The doctors say that there is no hope of
his recovery.
Cronin was a desperate man. He was
on his way to the penitentiary to serve
five years for trainrobbery.
CORN EL IUS VANDERBILT IMPROVING
Chauncey Depew Says the New York
Millionaire Will Soon Be Able to At
tend to Railroad Business.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 19.—Chaun
cey M. Depcw to-day gave out the follow
ing statement:
"Cornelius Vanderbilt is improving
every day in health. He is not attending
to the practical details of the vast business
of the railroads with which he is identi
fied and will not until he fully recovers.
He is in touch with the business, however,
and has full knowledge of all important
matters connected with it as they arise.
There are the most cordial and confiden
tial relations between the brothers, Cor
nelius and Wiliiam K. Vanderbilt, as
there have always been. William K. has
done whatever has been necessary in the
management of the road since his
brother's illness, and he will continue to
represent the Vanderbilt interests until
his brother has fully recovered. Cornelius
Vanderbilt, his family and friends be
lieve, with the rest and freedom from care
he is now enjoying will in due time fully
recover and resume his former position,
not only in business but In the charitable
and religious work in which he has been
so active and efficiei t."
BURNING TWELVE TEARS.
Serious State of Affair* Discovered in an
Ohio ( onl Minr.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 19.— A special
from Columbia, Ohio, says: A question
that was referred to Attorney-General
Monnett yesterday by Mine Inspector
Hazelton disc oses a remarkable situa
tion. Twelve years ago during the great
miners' strike, mine 139, at New Straits
ville, ownen by John Elliott of Znnesville
and operated by the Great Vein Coal
Company, was tired. It was abandoned.
Recently the discovery was made that
the coal has been burning ail these years
and threatens, unless extinguished, not
only to communicate to other mines but
to let many houses drop through the thin
roof. Elliott, the owner of the mine, will
be asked to put out the fire, and there
are threats of prosecution in case of his
refusal.
■ TirumtnerZ Robbed.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 19.— M. Klip
part, a traveling salesman for Hipp, Didi
sheim <fe Co., 83 Nassau street, New York,
was robbed here this evening of a valise
containing $5000 worth of goid watches.
iuippart had boarded a Big Four train
for Cincinnati, carrying two satchels,
which he placed in the seat beside him.
Seeing en acquaintance outside he left
the car for a moment, and ■when he came
back the valise with the valuable contents
was gone. Though the car was full of peo
ple no one could give the slightest clew to
the robber.
TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY.
Take laxative BromoQulnlne Tablets. Alldrug
gists reiuud tbe money ix it falls to cure. 2oc*
FIERCE DEBATES
IN THE REICHSTAG
Practices in the German
Army That Must
Cease.
Herr Lenzeman Declares That
the Government Shou'd
Beware.
Revolution May Be Threatened by
the People if Reforms Are Not
Promptly Enacted.
BERLIN, Germany, Nov. 19 The de
bate on the Radical motion in regard to
the practice of dueling in the army and
the case of Lieutenant Baron yon Bruse
witz, who recently murdered Herr Sieb
mann in a cafe in Carlsruhe, was resumed
in the Reichstag to-day. Herr Heller, a
Bavarian deputy and a lawyer, defended
the procedure of the military courts,
which he admitted might be amended.
He was not prejudiced in favor of it, but
the procedure gave every defeudant a fair
trial.
Herr Heller denied the statement made
on Tuesday by Herr Bebel that the Public
Prosecutor always presided over military
courts.
Herr Rickert said he was indisposed to
hold the army or the army system respon
sible for tne act of Lieutenant yon Bruse
wiiz.
Egen Reichlin-Meldegg, a Bavarian
army officer and deputy, protested against
the attempts of the Radicals to compare
the Bavarian military institutions with
those of Prussia, in order to make the
latter appear miserable. The German
army, he said, ought to be one, and it was
desirable that the same system of pro
cedure should prevail everywhere.
Herr Lenzeman, Richterite Radical, said
that the German people had waited long
enough for reforms aud they must now
press them without delay. He deplored
the fact that tne debut of General yon
Gossler, Minister of War, had been such a
lamentable failure. [Laughter.] He gave
an instance of the tendency of a military
education in the story of a recent recruit,
who, upon being asked who were the in
ternal foes of Germany, replied, "Civil
ians."
Herr Lenzeman concluded by saying
that the Government must beware. If re
forms are longer withheld the nation
might have to resort to a Voiksmothwehe
(a people's self-defense action).
Some one on the public benches called
out "Revolution i" whereupon Herr Len
zeiuansaid: "I want to avoid a foreign
word, but if you like it I will call it 'revo
lution. " [Tremendous cheering from the
members of the Left.]
General voii Gossler, Minister of War,
made a feeble reply, which was only
partly heard above the frequent interrup
tions by jibes, laughter, etc., in which he
said: "If you continue your attitude
against the army, beware. If the army is
now silent its irritation is increasing."
Dr. Schonstedt, Minister ol Justice, ad
mitted that the army dueling code must
be reformed, but defended the Govern
ment as trying to do the best thing it
could under the circumstances.
Count Burbach followed, making a
fierce attack upou Herr Lenzeman for
having, as he alleged, gone beyond the
latitude of speakers In the House and
threatening the country with revolu
tion.
FOSTER IN HONOLULU.
Said to Be Study ing Hawaiian Affairs
With Reference to Annexation of
the /stands.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, Nov. 12.— Hon.
John W. Foster and wife arrived on the
2d, and are at the Hawaiian Hotel, having
declined private entertainment by Minis
ter Damon. It is believed that Mr. Foster
is here for the purpose of studying Ha
waiian affairs with reference to annexa
tion. He has been more in conference
with L. A. Thurston than any one elae,
which has led to the surmise that be is
concerning himself about the cable project
of Colonel SDalding, whose attorney
Thurston is.
Royalists are making great efforts to
impress upon Mr. Foster the necessity of
taking a plebiscite of the native Hawaiians
before annexation is considered. To
certain German planters who oppose an
nexation Mr. Foster has staed bis opinion
that if annexation should be rejected the
treaty of rpciprocity will not long be con
tinued. One planter replied that he
would rather lose the advantages of recip
rocity than to lose the cheap Asiatic labor,
to which annexation would put an end.
It is substantially ascertained from the
new census that the population ot the
islands reaches 110,000, an increase of
20,000 in six years.
Japanese laborers are pouring in at a
rate wnich is more gratifying to Asiatics
than to white residents.
Something has at last been learned of
the much-desired record of the swindler
J u lien 1). Hayne, who recently figured in
Honolulu as editor of the Hawaiian. He
led a successful career of fraud in 1889 in
Roanoke, Va., and from 1890 to 1892 in
Bucnanan, Va., where he became a social
and business leader, finally decamping
with everybody's funds and eloping with
Julia Gabbot, whom he married and soon
deserted in Chicago. He appears to nave
come from Kingston, Jamaica. In 1894
be married the widow Brush of Osage
City, whom he deserted alter robbing her
of $40,000 or $50,000. The last heard of
him was in an advertisement from a Halt
Lake hotel, which he defrauded of $400.
Hayne robbed his Honolulu iriends of
about $3000. He ia a fine-looking man,
with rare powers of fa cination.
Last nisiht Editor Farrington, with his
bride and her mother, lost ail their cloth
ing and wedding gifts by fire while at the
theater.
lUri. Xerritt'i Body Cremated.
LONDON. Eng.. Nov. 19.— The body of
Mrs. Alma Merritt, wife of George W.
Merritt of New York, who committed sui
cide in the Hotel Cecil Saturday night
while temporally insane, was taken last
night to St. Martin's Church, where
funeral services were held, and to-day it
was cremated at Working. Mr. Merritt
has received a large number of letters of
sympathy.
Ran Aground in a Fog.
ROTTERDAM. Holland, Nov. 19.—
The Netherlands line steamer Spaarndam,
from New York November 7 for this port,
ran aground at Maasluis, ten miles south
of here, this morning in a thick fog. Her
passengers were landed.
Disappearance of a Wreck.
LONDON, Erg., Nov. 19.— The Britith
steamer Memphis, which was wrecked on
Tuesday in Dunlough Bay on the south
coast of Ireland, has entirely disappeared.
The coast is strewn with wreckage, which
is being stolen and carried away by the
wholesale.
MARY FRANCES SCOTT SIDDONS.
Death of the Accomplished Ac*ress, Who
Was One of the Most Beautiful Women
on the Stage in Her Day.
PARIS, France, Nov. 19.— Mrs. Scott
Siddons, the celebrated actress, died here
to-day.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 19.— Mary
Frances Scott Siddons, an accomplished
actress and one of the mot beantiful
women on the stage in her day, was a
lineal descendant of the great "Tragic
Muse," Mrs. Siddons' father, William
Young Siddons, being the son of George,
the eldest son of Mrs. Siddons.
Mrs. Scott Siddons was born in 1844 in-
India, where her father was a captain in
the British military service. Upon the
death of her father she returned to Eng
land with her mother and settled in Som
ersetshire, where they remained several
years. She was then sent to Bonn, where
her education was completed. It was the
custom of the institution where she was a
pupil to give dramatic performances at
the close of the term. The young girl wit
nessed a performance of "Altholie" on one
of these occasions and at the close of tne
play asked permission to taue part in the
next per;ormance, which was granted.
Six months later she made her debut in
Germany and her performance was re
markable.
On leaving Bonn she took up her resi
dence at Winchester, where, at the age of
17, she met Lieutenant Scott, a young na
val officer, to whom she was married in
1862. She made her debut in 1866 at the
Theater Royal, Nottingham, in the char
acter of Portia, in which her famous great
grandmother also appeared on the stage.
She made her debut on the London stage
as Rosalind and achieved the greatest suc
cess of her career.
In 1868 Mrs. Scott Siddons came to this
country and made her debut as a reader
at Newport, 11. I. in October of the some
year she gave successful readings at Stein
way Hall, New York, and finally made
her first appearance on the stage in this
country at the Boston Museum as Rosa
lind. For fifteen years past she has lived
in retirement.
Petroleum in -\ete found land
ST. JOHNS, N. F., Nov. 19.— A British
syndicate is arranging for the purchase
of the petroleum deposits on the west
coast of the islands. Borings which have
been made show a splendid flow of rich
oil, yielding 54 per cent lubricating oil
and 43 per cent for illuminating purposes.
The shares of the local company which
is now working the property are selling at
four times their face value.
Clark's Appeal Dismissed,
.LONDON. Eng., Nov. 19.— The appeal of
Sir Edward Clark from the judgment of
the Court of Appeals, compelling A. D.
Clark, owner of the yacht Satanita, to pay
Lord Dunraven, owner of the yacht Val
kyrie II for the loss of ttie latter yes-el by
collision, with the Satanita in 1594, has
been dismissed with costs by the House of
Lords.
Univertal Suffrage Rejected.
PARIS, France, Nov. 19.— The Senate
to-day by a vote of 212 to 32 rejected a
motion of urgency on the proposition
adopted in the Chamber of Deputies on
Wednesday to substitute universal
suffrage for the municipal councils in the
elections of delegates who elect Senators.
George I>u JUaurier's Estate.
LONDON, Exo., Nov. 19.— Tne personal
estate of the late George dv Maurier, the
celebrated artist and author, is ascer
tained to be $47,830.
HTFM V TIS 31 JS 1* ZED.
Slits Cox and the Jiishop Family I'ile
Counter Affidavit*.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 19.— Miss Emma
C. Cox and the Bishop family, which were
charged by affidavits in the Federal court
yesterday with exerting influences hyp
notic and otherwise over the young woman
to effect her dismissal of a suit against P.
C. S. Reed of Los Angeles for an account
ing of her father's estate, presented their
side of the case to-day in affidavit form to
the court. Miss Cox asserts that all
charges of influence are false, and that the
charge that she fled to Buffalo with
Charles C Bishop, a married man, is
maliciously fnlse. She says she is living
here upart from the Bishop family aud
sticks to her petition for dismissal of the
suit, whidi sne declares would never have
been begun but for the false representa
tions made by her mother and others
against Dr. Reed. Miss Cox's statements
are pupported by Oms A. Bishop and his
son Charles, the elder explaining that he
acknowledged the signature of the girl to
her petition for dismissal at her request
and without civing her any advice.
THE COSFERELITE DAUGHTERS
Mrs. Jefferton Davit Attends the Urand
Kail in St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Nov. 19.— For six sne
cessive years the annual ball of the Daugh
ters of the Confederacy has been the so
ciety event of toe season in this city, and
to-night the immense hall of the Mer
chants' Exchanee was crowded with "the
children of a lost cause" and their guests.
Mrs. Jefferson Davis, the venerable
widow of the leader of the Confederacy,
and her daughter, Winnie, were guests of
honor. It is Mrs. Davis' first visit to St.
Louis since her husband was a Union sol
dier and stationed at Jefferson barracKs.
A notable incident of the evening was
the visit to the ballroom of a number of
Union generals in attendance at the re
union of the Society of the Army of the
Tennessee, and their presentation to Mrs.
Davis and the wives and daughters of
those who wore the gray.
Clous of a Packing- Bouse.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Nov. 19.— The East St.
Louis Packing Company, which has a
plant valued at $400,000 in East St. Louis
and also maintained a large establishment
in this city, have closed up their packing
house on the eaßt side and are selling off
their property. There has been very little
"«_ <\ >(_
■. "' WWM
£&&' 02&& o*\ht\l^
Is the simple pastime which amuses the
healthy, non-dyspeptic individual. If you
suffer from dyspepsia and chronic consti-
pation, liver or kidney troubles, use r the
remedy that cures. ;It is the Californian
'■ her b remedy- Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilia. 1
No matter what the druggist may tell you,
Joy's Vegetable Saraapariiia Is the best. .
margin in thepork-packing business for
the last year and D. L. Quirt, the presi
dent and principal stockholder of the com
pany, who is a very wealthy bank presi
dent of Ypsilanti, Mich., concluded that
the small profits at the present time did
not justify the risk incurred. It is ru
mored that the company will be reorgan
ized in the near future with several Chi
cago capitalists as officers.
COUNCIL OF JEWISH WOMEN.
Close of the Convention That Lasted Five
Days With a Reception by the
New York Section.
NEWYORK, N. V., Nov. 19.-This was
the nfth day's session of the convention of
the council of Jewish women. Presi lent
Solomon in opening the meeting, said
that as there was a lot of business to trans
act every speaker would have only three
minutes to express her opinion. A reso
lution was offered by Mrs. Jacobson of
St. Louis, chairman of the committee on
resolutions, thanking the various officers
of the council for the earnest manner in
which they worked to make the conven
tion a success. A resolution was then in
troduced expressing the deepest sympathy
with the Armenians, who suffer from re
ligious persecution. The resolution was
tabled.
A little later a resolution was intro
duced expressing the gratitude of the
women of America at the improved con
dition of the Hebrews in Russia, and
hoping that all religious persecution
would cease. It was carried unanimously.
The resolution was regarded ag a compro
mise.
A resolution was adopted urging the
members of the council to do all in their
power to prevent the desecration of tue
Jewish babbath.
The election of officers was then pro
ceeded with. Mrs. Meldola i)esota nom
inated Mrs. Minnie DeLouis for presi
dent, but the latter declined, and Mrs. H.
G. Solomon ot Chicago was re-elected by
acclamation.
Mrs. Sophie Beers of New York was
then elected first vice-nres.ident by accla
mation. Miss Sadie American of Chica
go was elected corresponding secretary
unanimously. Mrs. Gertrude Berg of
Philadelphia was re-elected recording sec
retary. There was a content over the elec
tion of a&econd vice-president. Mrs. A.
Weyer or Cleveland and Mrs. Emanuel
Mandel of Chicapo were the candidates.
Mrs*. Mandel was elected and Miss Carrie
M. Wolf of Chicago was elected treasurer.
The proposition making the Jewess the
official or^an of the council was referre i
to a committee. The selection of the di
rectors was left to the president, who will
appoint them at her ieisure.
The date of the next convention was not
fixed, but it will be held three years from
now.
After the adjournment of the conven
tion the delegates were tendered a recep
tion by the New York section at Sherry's.
The reception hall was beautifully deco
rated with flowers and plants. Every seat
was occupied and scores of persons had to
stand.
Mrs. Rebecca Kohl, president of the
New York section, received the visitors
and the delegates. After a piano solo by
Mrs. Nathan Kauffman short addresses
were made by Josepn Bacon of London,
Mrs. Sophie Beers of New York and
others. The Rev. D. Solamande? closed
tne proceedings with the benediction.
Failttre of a Crockery- Dealer. """"""
SIOUX CITY, lowa, Nov. 19.-J. W.
Pruph, tt large dealer in crockery, followed
the First National Bank to the wall this
afternoon. His busi-ness was an extensive
one, but no statement of the assets and
liabilities is obtainable.
NEW TO-DAT.
Hello! Anything new at Koos Bros.'T
Yes; we are now selling
Wet Weather
Clothing.
Straight goods; nothing dam-
aged here.
Mackintoshes for all-ages. 1
Rubber Leggins and Caps for
Boys. . . '
Umbrellas, the right styles at
the right prices.
-•■ '"V ;._:■; WARM -
CLOTHING.
Domestic and French Cardi-
gan Jackets. The best quali-
ties. Prices low. 1 .-,
We fill mail orders with dispaich.
PLANS AND SPECIFICATIONS
For a School Building.
Offick Board of Education, ■> .
I> Pan- FBANcisco,XovtmberX7, lB9B. /
TN ACCORDANCE WITH A RKSSOLUTIO2T
X adopted by the Beard of )• duration of the City .
and County of San Francisco, -November 16, 1896,
public notice Is hereby given to architects that
competitive plans and sp»<itica ions for the erec-
tion of a High school building in -the Mission dis-
trict In said City and , County will be received ac-
cording to the "general InsLruc lons to Archi-
tects" (copies of which can ;be obtained at the of-
fice of sad board) in open session of the Board of
Kducation on Monday, November 30,' 1896 at 8
o'clock p. m. as fol ows: ,On a lot 398 tec front
facing aoir.b, by a depth of 194 feet, having three
street frontages. '1 be said plans und specifications .
are to be in compliance wito "General Instructions
to Architects," and to be so prepared that the cost
of the building,. excluding ihe architect's commis-
sion, ihall not exceed in the ai;g:egt>te the. sum of
•137,000. The architect whose pans and specifl-
ca;lons are adopted by the board will be appointed
architect and tuperlntendcn. of the build at a
compensation of Bye (5) percent of the total cost
of the structure. : The architects ■ submittln: plans .
and specifications I determined by the toard to be
second and third In merit will receive premiums
of $500 and f 300 respectively. :*••*.--
-1 GKOKOK BKAA'STON. Secretary.
XSLjECTRIO bbliTS
v i .'■ jk/;» i"ii{i» Are good things If prop- .
' jag^g ••'*'•- - ' ' ■*' «'y made; • but . there li .
no "sense in payiDg a hi?h
JKSSftSSS^HSvm price for a poor anicn
M^^W ?; ''r^r r!^S^9 simply because some aJ-
W^Sffs^^'c— 7«t^ vertlslng "quack" d*»-
IWHbKfWlfcffSrß^ mands it. .buy no Belt
<^»^»y^w* • till you see It. Puree's.
'"^S^tK3?\V>. «3" Book Free. Call or
{■ ;?'f3j* -«*-•■■ address D lt. PIK..CE
<J»J Sf Bi»>t 70* Sacramento
vV at, cor. Kearny. S. S.
Branch Office 640 Market st.. a. F. - ±
■ W*.W* B■A 1 1 PA FOR BARBERS, B ATC-
DQ|IC|JCtSers, . bootblacks, bath-
X? If Vll " ft" *■» houses. billiard- tables,
• brewers, •* bookbinders, •; candy-makers, canners,
dyers . flonrmtUs, foundries, . laundries, paper-
banners, printers, painters, shoe factories, s:aol>
men! tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
men. U4 ™ w B , ;cHANA l ,- BROS., • a
Brush 3lauufa.cturer». 609Sjci'amento8w
COSMOPOLIT
Opposite U. 8. Mint,; 100 and 102 Fifth st, Saa
Francisco, Cal. —The most select family hotel la
, the city. Board and room $1, $1' 25 and $1 50 pat
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Rooms 50» '
and 76c a day. i'ree. coach to and from the hoiei.
ijooit for the coach, I bearing the name lof | the Oust
naaoutaa Uot«L - Wftfc itAMMf, froprioi*.FROM REDDING
TO SAN QUENTIN
Shasta's Defaulting Treas
urer Given a Ten- Year
Sentence.
Affecting Scenes in Court During
the Last Act of the
Proceedings.
R cital cf the Prisoner's Former Char
acter Brings T ars to the Eyes
of His Friends.
REDDING, Cal., Nov. 19.— The last act
in the trial of William Jackson, Shasta
County's embezzling Treasurer, was
brought to a close this afternoon at 4
o'clock. At that hour the one-time
"watchdog of the treasury" was brought
before the bar of justice for embezzlement.
The fact that Jackson was to be sentenced
was kept a secret and no spectators were
present but a Call reporter and Democrat
reporter.
As befitted the solemn scene that was to
take place the courtroom was dark and
presented a gloomy appearance. Ths pris
oner was brought forward, looking Dale
and haggard, and when the sentence had
been passed upon him his face wore an ex
pression of relief that it was all over, it
was the most solemn courtroom scene that
was ever witnessed in Reddinp. The pros
ecution, conducted by District Attorney
Rose, the reading of the complaint by
Deputy Clerk Cunningham, and the sen
tencing of the ex-Treasurer by Judge
S ceney — all three old-time friends and
bosom companions of the defaulter — was
Indeed a painful duty and not a dry eye
was noticeable in the courtroom. During
the reading of the compiaint Jackson ap
peared cool and somewhat collected, but
when it came to pleading Jackson broke
down and his ro:ce grew so husky that the
word "gulity" was hardly audible as it es
caped his lips.
After the plea was entered Attorney
Smith, for Jackson, announced that they
would waive time for sentence, and asked
that tne commitment be made out for San ;
Quentin prison.
Judge Sweeney recited the facts of the
case and asked Jackson if he knew of any j
reason why sentence should not be im- j
posed. At this Attorney Smith arose and !
dwelt on the past good character of the ;
defendant; the fact of his having replaced
the money since his arrest, which was not
necessary and which he could not be
made to produce; also of his saving the
county the cost of a lengthy trial by plead
ing guilty at this time. These facts were
related by Smith as mitigating circum
stances in order to lighten the sentence,
but Judge Sweeney, while explaining the
duties of a Judge in sentencing a criminal
?"■»* painful to the judicial officer, and
that ia this case, owing to the long ac- i
quaiutance, etc., it wa3 particularly so,
still, he said, to conform to his line of
duty he could .»ee no ottier recourse than
to give him a sentence of ten years in San j
Quentin prison.
Jackson seemed to stand it fairly well, |
and after shaking hands with the few I
sympathizers present he was escorted to i
bis ceil in the ja I. He will leave here in
charge of the Sheriff Tuesday night to
serve his time in San Quentin.
m
BIG DEAL IN HH.AATA MISES.
Sat tern Cmpttmttwtm JTUI Develop Them
"ii a Large Scale.
REDDING, Cal.. Nov. 19.— A sale of
mining property which will be of untold
benefit to Snasta County and Redding
took place this morning in this city, by
which mining claims that are known to
be rich in gold, but which have never been
'.developed to any considerable extent,
were disposed of to a wealthy company of
New York State, who intend to develop I
and work them on the large scale which
their known wealth certainly deserves.
W. B. Murdoch, a mining expert and
also owner of the claims, conducted the
Bale of the property, wnich is the cele
brated Sybil group of quartz mines, situ
ated in the French Gulch mining district, j
and comprising the Monterey, Louise, I
Rosa and numerous other claims. A
lease of the property had been held by ,
William Brown, but the lease recently !
expired, making the sale possible. In- j
formation of this large transfer was '
obtained from Murdoch himself, still that i
gentleman stated he did not feel at liberty j
to give the purchase price or the name of j
th* company.
The purchasing company is said to be <
backed by great wealth and with its inten- !
tion to develop the property on -a large |
scale, the sale conducted to-day certainly I
means a great thing for French Gulch i
in particular and Shasta County in
general. From all accounts of the
merits of the property "the new owners
have made no mistake in their purchase,
and when great wealth is laid bare on this
property, as it certainly must be worked
on a large scale, with extensive machinery,
etc., the mining realty of Shasta County,
and in fact of all Northern California, will \
ri»e in vaiue, central good times prevail '
and we shall have a taste of the "days of '<
old, the days of gold— the days of '49."
WULLEN RIFERAND STREAMS
2w« Ban Francisco fJrutntnerM Save a
Perilous Experience.
REDDING, Cal., Nov. 19.— A steady
downpour of rain during the past twenty
hours has caused a rapid rise in the river
and all the streams. The rain has, in
creased since Monday and is falling in tor- {
rents to-night. The rapid ri-e in the |
creeks has been the means of quite a num- !
ber of accidents. H. A. Van Amringe and
R. B. Stevenson, liquor and cigar drura
irers of San Francisco, came near being i
drown- d on their way to this city, between !
here and Cononwood, last night. They I
■were trying to make time and therefore i
were pushing on la*t evnlng, after leav- j
ing Cottonwood, despite the fact that it
was raining hard and had been doing so
for twelve hours. Before reaching Ander
son they had the horses swimming several
times, and on one occasion had to jump
out and swim themselves.
After a long &enes of misfortunes, dur
ing which they several times despaired ot
saving the team, they finally wound up
by getting on n blind road, ran into a
uitch and broke the axle of their bupgy.
This compelled them to camp out the re
mainder of the nk'ht in the rain and mud.
When the morning light finally appeared
they succeeded in getting the services of a
blacksmith and having their nonrepaired,
reachine thi city in the afternoon. They
were nearly exhausted on arriving here,
and consider t emselves extremely fortu
nate in getting out alive.
Small Jliot'at Keivolck.
REDDING, Cal., Nov. 19.— A small sized
riot between mines mil laborers is said
to have been waged at Keswick, where the
big smelters of the mountain mines are
located, four miles irum this city, this
afternoon. No particulars can be iearned
now, but ten complaints have been sworn
out and that number cf rioters will be
arrested tomorrow and brought to this
city for trial.
FRESNO'S MISSING MAN.
Uneasiness as to the Whereabouts of
Clark E. Wood, Under Bonds on an
Embezzlement Charge.
FRESNO, Cal., Nov. 19.— N0 one knows
the whereabouts of Clark E. Wood, who
is under $3000 bail to appear in court for
trial whenever wanted on a charge of em
bezzlement, which he is alleged to have
committed while chief ceputy in the
County Clerk's office several months ago.
There are rumors that he has departed
with the intention of never returning, but
his bondsmen are having no fears iv the
matter. Before Wood left he went to Dis
trict Attorney Snow and stated tliat he
had a position at railroading offered him
in Montana which he woald accept if
allowed to leave the State. He said he
would return for trial whenever wanted.
Wood has twice been tried on the embez
zlement charge and both times the jury
disagreed. The District Attorney has
given ud hope of securing a conviction,
and he wilr therefcre have the case dis
missed. He told Wood he could go to
Montana if he couid get employment, and
I that the case would not be brought up for
I trial at least for time. Whether
j Wood went to Montana or not Is not
i known. The last beard of him was when
: he was in San Francisco a few weeks ago.
I But as he will not be wanted for trial
! again his bondsmen are not trying to
i locate him.
Wood embezzled $000 while acting as
I commissioner in a foreclosure sui".. The
money was placed in bis charge, but he
failed to turn it over. He was at tuat time
! chief depuiy in the County Clerk's office.
! Wood fled to the East when demands for
the money were made upon nim, but after
a few weeks he returned and gave himself
; up. He was lormeriy a leading politician,
I and it was through friends that raised
money to employ the best local attorneys
to uefend him that he was finally got out
of the difficulty. That the way of the
transgressor is hard is amply proved in
i Clark Wood's case. Once be was a popu-
I lar and highly successful young man, who
I had the brightest prospects before him,
j but now he has hardily a friend in thecom
| niunity. Since he has been out on bail he
! has proved himself very ungrateful to the
! friends he had.
♦ —
SJIXTA JiOSA CAPTURE.
Thought to Be a 3lodettt> Crook Wanted
for Embezzlement.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Nov. 19.— A young
man going by the name of Harry Patter
son was arrested here this afternoon for
the crime of embezzlement alleged to have
been committed in Modesto. The accused
man has only been in this city about ten
days, but has . succeeded in gaining the
confidence of the members of the Chris
tian church, of which he claimed to be a
member. He also sang in the choir and
affected great interest in temperance
work. These manifestations of piety were
the cause of his arrest, as the description
receive) from Modesto poinied out with
great minuteness how the swindler had
gained the confidence of tne people there
and what he would probably do at his
next stopping place. The personal de
scription of ibe Modesto crook fits the
man arrested here to a dot and the officers
are confident of having captured the right
man. He s about 25 years of age, speaks
with an English accent and is a smooth
and plausible talker. A telegram received
to-night from the Modesto officers says to
hold ihe suspect by all means as he is un
doubtedly the right man and if so a dan
gerous coi:Ddence operator.
CARSON'S assavlt CASE.
Editor Sam Davit Declines to Promeeute
His Assailant-
CARSON, Nev., Nov. 19.— The assault
by the United States District Attorney
yesterday on the editor of the Appeal
grew out of a charge made by the Appeal
that the attorney feared to proceed with
the prosecution of the Coffin contempt
case, and also charged him with neglect
of duly and general ;esal i-icoia! etence.
In an editorial this morning the Appeal
reiterates the charges, but the editor de
ciines to resort to legal means to protect
himself from further assault and refuses
to swear to a complaint. Dr. Guion, how
ever, at the request ot citizens, has noti
fied the authorities that he will swear to
the complaint, and a dozen witnesses of
the most reputable character have offered
to testify that they saw the assault made
with brass or st«el knuciles and a aix
shooter. The question of jurisdiction has
been raised, and the local authorities are
conferring with the United States authori
ties regarding the matter, as the assault
was committed by a United States Gov
ernment officer in front of the Postoffice,
on ground belonging to the Government.
OFF FOR JOHANNESBURG.
£■_ J. Johnston of La Wcta Accepts a
Lucrative Position.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Nov. 19.— Mr. and
Mrs. C. J. Johnston of La Mesa left on the
j Chicago Limited to-day for New York
j City via Montreal. From New York Mr.
j and Mrs. Johnston will sail on the 30 h
j inst. for Johannesburg, South Africa,
I where Mr. Johnston will act as manager
| of the Knight group of mines, owned by
j the London Exploration Company. His
I salary will be $20,000 per year. The offer
I of the position came to Mr. Johnston
' through his close friendship with Robert
I Mem, who was a leader in the relorm
\ movement among the Boers and who
; with John Hays Hammond and other
• Americnns narrowly escaped the execu
, tion of the death j-enalty which had been
j pronounced upon them by the Transvaal
Government. Mr. Mem is now in San
; Francisco. He and Mr. Johnston came to
! California together in 1850 and for many
I years tney worked toeeiner on the coast.
In Idaho and Utah Mr. Johnston was con
nected with big mining companies and
amassed a comfortable fortune.
BLARD FROM AT LA PAZ.
Kaseatiy Skipper and Sailor Who Are
Wanted at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Nov. 19.— Skipper
Frank Colbert and Sailor Pancho Amudor
of the junk Pekin, who deserted the vessel
near Cedros Islann after stealing the pro
visions and compas and leaving thit other
men on board aimosi helpless two months
ago, have been heard from at La Paz,
Lower California, where they found their
way across the country. &kir>per Coiben
was afraid to return to San Diego or En
senada, learing arrest and imprisonment
as a result of his connection with landing
Garrett, the gold-bar thief, near Ensenada.
SANTA iIAHKARA KVXAHAT.
Bernard Burn* Dragged Several Blocks
and Seriously Injured. *
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Nov. 19.— A
serious runaway ; accident, occurred here
to-day. While Bernard Burns was alight
ing from 'his phaeton h,s horse became
frightened ' and dashed ; off at full speed
dragging him several blocks; Finally the
maddened | animal i broke loose : from its
victim - and . ran out Ito the Modoc road
where it was stopped by an incoming
teamster.- Mr. Burns was removed to his
residence, where he was -attended by a
piiyscian, who found him suffering from
a lacerated scalp, a broken ankle and in
ternal injuries,  but believes he will re
cover. .'-. : ' ■ . ■ , ',_-■ ;, .-.; : ,■'
The mourning customs of the Arabian
women are cm ions. For eight days they
siain their bands and feet with indigo
and during that time drink no milk.'
They declare that the color of milt does
not harmonize with their mental gloom.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1896.
ARGUMENTS IN
THE MOORE CASE
District Attorney Bell's
Elcquent Plea fcr
Justice.
Closely Reviews the Chain o!
Evidence Against the
Prisoner.
At'.orney John T. York Follows for
the Defense — Prosecution to
C:o;e To-Day.
NAPA, Cal., Nov. 19.— Court reconrened
; this morning and the trial of Wililam
; Moore was continued. District Attorney
I Bell made an eloquent plea to the jury for
the prosecution, speaking substantially as
follows:
If it please the court and gentlemen of the
j jury, we should congratulate ourselves upon
nearing the close of this case, and ior a cai-e of
this magnitude we should not complain of the
time that has been consumed in it. Thi6 is the
j most important trial that has ever been held
j in the county of Xapa. It is an unusual thing
i for twelve men to be drawn from the body of
' the county for the purpose of passing upon
the issue of murder. It is true we have had
I such cases here before; but the prominenceof
the victim in this case and her husband, the
deep atrociousness of the crime, the utter wan
t tonness and malignity shown by the assassins,
! place this charee at the head of all crimes that
have ever been committed in our immediate
vicinity. And now, as we approach the close
j of his trial, the duty devolves upon me as
I your District Attorney and as the representa
j tive of the people of the State of California
in this action to di>cusa the evidence
that has been produced before you in this case
and to analyze the testimony of the witnesses
and state to you my views, whether you act
upon them or not, as to what I think shou.d
be accepted as true or what should be discred
ited as false. At this time, in order that we
may give this case the attention it c.a ms at
our hands and deserves, we should lay aside
| every other consideration that may arise, lay
| aside all other business that may come in our
; minds and concentrate every faculty and our
| entire attention upon the one great momen
tous question that confronts us, and it seems
to me we can better understand the circum
stances attending the terrible killing of Mrs.
Greenwood on that fatal night if we will for a
few moments forget the scenes here in court
I and turn back the hand of time for a peroid of
| nearly six years and take a view of the home
> of the Greenwoods on two days and a night in
; the month of February, 1891.
The District Attorney then graphically
j pictured that home before and after the
I assassins had entered, and continued:
In discussing this case I shall try to be as
I fair to the defendant as I am to the people
< whom I represent I will discuss the evidence
; and take it up in its logical order.
The District Attorney then brought lor
i ward in a masterly manner the evidence
i introduced by the prosecution He ex
plained and narrated again the terrible
events of the night of February 9, 1891, as
told by Captain Greenwood on the wit
ness-stand. The testimony of the other
witnesses was then referred to by Mr. Beli
| substantially as follows:
Hugh Kei'y, on tne following morning, dis-
J covered Mr. Greenwood wounded by the road
; side, and went to the Greenwood nouse and
saw the dead body of Mrs. Greenwood ljing on
! the bed. Sheriff McKenzte corroborated this
testimony. Drs. Pond aud Haun of Napa and
Professor Price of San Francisco examined the
organs of the stomach of Mrs. Greenwood and
found positive evidence that Mrs. Gretnwood
had been poisoned. Peter Lynch related how
Moore had worked for him.
Fred Stemmle related how on the eighth day
of February he purchased from Schmidt a sil
ver watch formerly owned by Moore. Stemmle
also identified Moore as the man being with
Schmidt in Vallejo on the eighth day of Feb
ruary, 1891. H. L. Amstut* identified the
watch as one repaired by him in December,
1890, at the request of Mr. Lynch, who 6aid
the watc!i belonged to William Moore. Sev
eral wltr.e-.ses along the Va.lejo read testified
that Schmidt and Moore, or men answering
their description, had passed up the road
toward > apa on the day of February 9. Mrs.
Holland positively Identified the defendant ai
the man seen on that day. Jake Shorer and
others identified Moore as the man who went
to the German house on the nigntof the mur
der. George Knox related how Moore, a short
time previous to the murder, had possessed a
battle of chloroform, the bottle similar to ihe
one seeu by Captain Greenwood on the night
of the murder. He also testified that the pis
tol discovered under the bridge was formerly
owned by Moore.
The District Attorney then referred to
the motive that bad prompted Moore in
making the confessions to W. B. Schaug
and others, saying that remorse of the
prisoner had been the prompting motive.
He referred to the confession itself, say
ing that no one but the person who had
participated in the murder conld narrate
so accurately what happened on that
awful night. The District Attorney elo
quently closed his argument to the jury
by asking that justice be meted out to the
prisoner at the bar.
At the conclusion of the argument by
the District Attorney, John T. York made
bis closing argument for the defense, in '
which he said:
We appear fu'ly realizing the importance oi
thU case, realizing that the defendant Is a
man irom the lower walks of life, without
money, influence and friends. In criminal
cases a defendant fs innocent until proven
guilty. How much more is this true in a case
where a man's life is at stake. He must oe
considered innocent until proven guilty be
yond a reasonable doubt. There has been
strong circumstantial evidence introduced in
this trial against the defendant, but this chain
of evidence cannot be stronger than iv
weaken 'ink.
Mr. York referred to the good reputa
tion and character of the defendant while
working in d.fferent parts of the State,
and then spoke of the mental con! i ion of
defendant when he made his alleged con
fessions.
Mr. Beerstecher then closed on the part
of the defense by a most eloquent p:ea to
the jury. He referred to the prisoner's
good character, to his mental condition
when making the confessions and to the
inconsistency of the confessions to the
real facts in the case.
Mr. Gesiord will close for the prosecu
tion to-morrow morning.
FATE OF A RECLUSE
found Dead by Tvbo Hunters on Oreaa
ltland.
NEW WHATCOM, Wash., Nov. 19.—
The body of Phillip Winzel, a German,
about 35 years of age, was found by two
hunters a few days ago on the northeast
ern shore of Orcas I-land, about two and
a half miiea from Point Lawrence, with
the neck broken and one aiiie of the head
crushed. The man evidently fell from a
high cliff while wandering in the woeds
demented. He lived alone in a rude cabin
on a lonely bit of land in thai vicinity.
Winzel bad been missing about twoweekp.
A revolver, still loaded, was fopnd some
distance from the cabin, the windows of
wiich were boarded over and the doors
were open. Cio'hing and ether articles
were strewn about the room. The men
who found him made no effort to secure
the borty. but went seventeen miles in a
small boat to Anacortes and thence to
Friday Harbor to notify the authorities.
SUICIDE AT LOS ANGELES.
Fannie IKcßride Shares the Fate of a
Man Whom She Had Lured From
His Home.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Not. 19.— "1
linked my fate in life with the man I
loved. I link it in death with him. Bury
me with my darling if you can. You will
find $80 in the Broadway Bank to bury
me. I don't owe any one. Good-by, and
may God forgive Tom ana I," was the
message penned by Fannie Mcßride last
night. Then she secured a room at the
Hotel Broadway, swallowed a dose of mor
phine and went to bed. Her lifeless body
was discovered to-day.
The woman claimed to be the wife of
Thomas S. Wylie, late of Oakland, who
committed suicide here September 30
because his wife, whom he had deserted
to elope with the Mcßride woman, bad
followed him to Los Angeles and threat
ened to make trouble. At the inquest over
his remains both women appeared and
claimed the body. The Mcßride woman
then stated that she would Boon be with
him, and on tbe day of Wy lie's funeral at
temnted suicide. Since then friends have
watched her closely, but yesterday she
eluded them and carried out the design.
_ «- .
Sale of Trotting Stock.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 19.— There
was a sale of trotting stock at Agricul
tural Park this morning, and some of the
best trotting and pacing horses at the
track were sold. The crowd was quite
small and business was liuht, even the
talent bringing low prices. The best
pr\ce obtained was for the mare Jennie
Mac, owned by Charles Durfee, which was
sold to G. W. Reed for $850. W T hile none
of the horses were tnoroughbrpds, still
there were some good animals. Yearlings
had no bids and two-year-olds and three
year-olds brought ridiculously low figures.
Chief Glut* Scores the Minister:
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 19.— Chief
of Police Glass severely scores Revs. J. A.
B. Wilson, Will Knighten and other mem
bers of the Ministerial Union who have
the temerity to demand his removal. He
challenges them to lay their charges be
foe the Grand Jury, whom he invites to
make the fullest investigation of his ad
ministration. He denounces tbe Rev. Mr.
Wilson as a notoriety seeking adventurer"
and says he would not believe him on
oath.
Joung Republican Ratify.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Not. 19.— The
Young Men's Republican League met in
tbe new Masonic Temple this evening to
ratify the Republican city ticket and in
cidentally to jubilate over tne late Na
tional victory, no formal ratification of
that event having hitherto occurred in
Los Angeies. Tne attendance was large
and the enthusiasm great.
Fell Do*en nn Elerator Shaft.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Not. 19.— Mamie
Tedford fell down an elevator shaft on a
sidewalk fifteen feet this morning, strik
ing on tne back of her head. She lay un
conscious for three hours before being res
cued, She sustained concussion of the
brain and is expected to die.
Want a Signal Station.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 19.— The
Board of Supervisors decided to-day to
try and induce the Government to locate
a signal station in tbe Southern California
citrus belt for the purpose cf aiding the
fruit-growers in the country.
An Election Contest Begun.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Nov. 19.— Grove
S. Bartholomew, fusion candidate, has
begun to contest the election of C. T.
Owens, Rep., to the office of City Justice.
Quite a Btnry Rainfall.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 19.— Rain
began falling at 4 p. m. to-day and contin
ued for four hour-. Indications are fora
heavier fall during the night and to-mor
row.
Two Burglar* Cnufjht at Seattle.
SEATTLE. Wash., Nov. 19. — Two
youthful burglars who have terrorized
the city for several weeks plundering
thirty or forty houses were bagged early
this morning by Harry R. Bayliss, a res
taurateur, who upon finding them in his
sleeping apartment shot one through the
arm, and leveling his weapon upon the
other made botli prisoners. As the
wounded man fell to the floor he ex
claimed, "Don't shoot again, yon have
winged me." The men gave the names
of Chris Scott and Charle> Phillips.
Captain Bmtftrld Dim at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 19.— Captain J.
A. Hatrie d. one of the pioneer shipmas
ters of the Pacific Coast, well known from
Puget Sound to San Diego, died this after
noon of paralysis. He was prominent
for several years in military affairs of
this State. Deceased was a native of Scot
land{ 47 years of age.
Pimples. CURE IT
Sore Throat CURE IT
Sore Month. CURE IT
Enlarges Lumps. CURE IT
Falling Hair. CURE IT
Sinn Eruptions. CURE IT
Glandular Lumps. CURE IT
Partial Loss of Eyebrow. CURE IT
I MEANS BLOOD DISEASE. |
30-DAY CURE IS SURE
30-DAY CIRCULARS FREE.
hudyan is tie certain
hudyan cure for
hudyan Failing Manhood,
hudyan HeiroDs Debility,
hudyan Bines, Losses,
hudyan Melancholia and
, hudyan Diseases of Men.
CIRCULARS FREE.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Stockton, Market and Ellis
Streets.
From Los Angeles
Come Words
of Good Cheer!
•s^sg«?Sk 275 ROOMS AMERICAN & EUROPEAN -PLAN.
/H&-& *&£ /^**\ zf <hu^Z^*
■ i -" y ..fi r
* CAT ' y f C_ i-<T^ <^ r * - *"^V
The big store numbers its friends by legion. The above letter
attests to it. There is no part of the State but the merits of the
big Kearny-street house are known. Its honest methods have won
for it the good will of all.
We reproduce a letter sent us from Los Angeles. Let that at-
test to the esteem in which we are held throughout our native
State.
We have the sympathy and good will of all. How many
stores can say that ? ? -, -
SMOKE HURT US
BEYOND THE RANGE OF ESTIMATION. Smoke benefits
you beyond the wildest dream of bargain-getting.
SHORT WORK IS THE' RULE. We want to get open for
the Holidays. We're selling this stuff at next-to-nothing prices.
We're selling our entire stock of Overcoats, Suits, Boys' and
Children's Clothing, -Hats, and our superb stock of Men's Under-
wear and Shirts at
Next-to-Noth ing Prices.
II Tv l^^L"^ .v/vcrco3.ts«
%"" k\^sli (?4n Some right clever Overcoats
\ rT{ ( Pl \ ws^Ai to-day. Just a faint smell of
\i Fry II 1 i " ■ * ■ "
I 'i t; jI / 1 1 I smoke on them ; made with deep
I II } 11 * 1 velvet collar; awfully clever
I i V ' •— jlL^-^4 coats.
— Tl—^7^il \ * — M^ v& you a little idea how
\| //^^^^^^ r^fli\ H we are selling goods these coats
ill <^'3S'. L, )J| are going to be sold to-day at
U^ -^tj $3.50.
fP^^illll : - Fashionable
/ * x Vmk.iJcl&£ ' '*-^vf To give you, a little idea how
ill '■'•'^^^x^^^k/° %^^ smoke affects the prices on Suits.
.\m°.' ' f-Vvv^ -3 '■'* " * t You know Cheviots are the
'fh? *^1 y^ll^iil *•■ i most fashionable fabrics for
¥[>^K^illill U-L— I Winter wear.
\ \ W^lP^'^il A Some remarkably clever ones
f \ ' .$ Sflt V in blue and black, in double-
i 11 I | fififl^^^^ . \ breasted sacks and in single-
II :" F^^^^^i \' A breasted sacks ; cleverly tailored j
]•* 11 J IflilßSfiV " V ' ' : garments at that. ' -.
. A 1 ' Mw^^lw\\l V Smoke has brought their price !
\\j\\p^mm^ ML downto
JL^gfe^ """$3.00.
■ : NOTE.— We reserve the right to limit quantity. We also re-
serve the right to refuse these goods to storekeepers. :
In order to accomplish our work quickly and rid ourselves of j
a 7 l goods affected by smoke, we will keep our doors open every
evening till 9 o'clock. »
RAPHAEL'S
\> . > 'INCORPORATED). . . -
THE FRISCO BOYS
; LIKE THE]PH(ENIX/FROM THE ASHES RISE.
NEW TO-DAT CLOTHING.
KNEE PANTS FOR BOYS,
a whole lot of 'em, affected by
smoke, at
10c.
fcr ' "^^^^^zlslajlß T+tMK^^ •"— -. _ —^^ ,
Some of our very swell Chin-
chilla Reef with wide braid;
handsomely tailored ; ages 3 to
10 years. Here's how smoke af-
fects them: They'll be sold to-
day at
$1.50,
Long Winter Ulsters with deep
storm collar, for boys between
the ages of 5 and 15 years.
Here's how smoke affects them.
To-day at ."
$1.50.
. ■ ■' -
<g|||p Stylish '
m^M^ Reefer v
l^^^^y^ Suits
V"A |» .'•■■■ For Boys, with
N/^fl :> >* braid on collar ;
C deep sailor col-
S»' v I IT' "ff lar; sizes 3to
[j A ] 10 years; all
' lj/ \t new Wint er
wm M| fashions. Here's
Wl I|| how smoke af-
■ m ■"■ v\ fects them : ■
hi j^S. They'll be sold
b<jji to-day at
$1.25.
WE WON'T
ATTEMPT TO
Tell you more of our Smoke
Prices. Ask any one of your
neighbors that have been to the
big store during the last few
days. They'll tell you more
about it than we can.
Yoiv are simply getting our
very choicest goods, and ■ they're
the choicest that the world pro-
duces, both as to style, work-
manship and fabric, at .
: Next=To= V : ; ■-; / ;
Nothing Prices.
..-,.-.■ . ■ • . . • » -■..-■•-.
Another, day ■ like -yesterday
will leave r but ■: very little goods
on hand to tell the tale.
, (Incorporated),
9, li; IS and 15
KEAILYY STREET.
That Big and Popular Store.
34
REIGN OF TERROR
AT VANCOUVER
Freed From Vags Only to
Be at the Mercy of
Footpads.
Ten Hold-Ups in One Night in
Different Parts of the
City.
The Übiquitous Tall Masked Man,
With Gun and Knife, Causes
Consternation-
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 19.— Citizens
of Vancouver, B. C, have been terrorized
for months by a gang of burglars and
sneakthieves, from which they have only
recently been relieved by the adoption of
vigorous methods on tne part of the po
lice officials and the ordering out of town
of every "vag" upon whom they could lay
their hands. Now they are being visited
by an even more dangerous phase of ter
rorism, carried out by masked highway
men, who. with revolver and knife, way
lay pedestrians on their way home at
night or early in the morning.
One night this week ten men were held
up in different parts of the city and made
to stand and deliver to their assailant all
the loose change they had on them.
A party of four well-known citizens pass
ing about midnight on one of the niostl
central streets, were suddenly pounced
upon by a tall man wearing a mas&, who,
with a knife and revolver, ordered them
to produce their money, and having
obeyed were ordered to proceed on their
way.
Last night two musicians, on their way
home from performing in the orchestra at
the theater, were met by the same indi
vidual, according to the description, and
relieved of several dollars of loose change.
From a miner the sum of $70 was secured,
and an Italian who had courage enough to
resist the demands made upon him by his
assailant, was shot twice, and is now lying
in the hospital in a dangerous condition.
The Italian says that when he refused
to pay up the highwayman threatened
him and he grappled with the unknown,
who promptly fired at him twice and
leaving him prostrate on the ground
departed, cursing the unfortunate man.
The people here are becoming seriously
alarmed, and unless vigorous steps are
taken by the police to meet this new
emergency a vigilance committee, which
was spoken of during the burglar scare,
will probably be resorted to.
The tall highwayman was quite jocular
with some of his victims, informing them
that he was broke and took this means of
obtaining a living, assuring them that if
tney would give him their names and
addresses he would certainly return the
money some time.
NOSES THATCHER EXPELLED.
The Mormon Apostle Excommunicated for
Seeking Election to the Un.ted
States Senate.
SALT LAKE. Utah. Nov. 19. -Hon.
Moses Thatcher, candidate lor the United
States Senate, who incurred the displeas
e ure of the high officials of the Mormon
cnurch for running for a public office
without their permission, was tried to-day
by the church dignitaries for insubordina
tion and refusing to hearken to the voice
of the church authorities. Mr. Thatcher
was not present and ignored the whole
proceedings, aud the ten apostles who
were his judges unanimously decided that
Thatcher be severed irom the council of
the twelve apostles and that he be de
prived of his apostleship and other offices
in the priesthood, and a public notice to
that effect was published this alternoon in
the Deseret News, the official organ of the
church. The News and the church of
ficials keep up their opposition to the
election of Thatcher to the Senate on the
ground that bis candidacy is based on his
opposition to the churcu and that his elec
tion would be a reward for opposing the
church in exercising authority over its
members, wiiich in the eyes oi the Mor
mon church dignitaries i 3 a heinous
oSense.
FIGHT WI2II ..t:i/.o>A BANDITS.
Bob Hayes Killed and Black Jack Badly
Wounded.
TUCSON, Aeiz.. Nov. 19.— News has
reached here of a desperate fight near the
Chihuahua line. For some days past
Marshal Hall and a determined posse have
been in hoi pursuit of BiacK Jack and his
gang. Several times the officers of the
law were quite close to the desperadoes,
hut never near enough to engage them.
Finally, however, they caught them in a
position where they had to fight. The
6heriff's posse opened h're first. At the
fiist tire the notorious Bob Hayes was
killed. Black Jack himself was badly
wounded, but despite his severe wounds,
tbe noted bandit escaped. None of the
pose were injured. They are still in hot
pursuit of Black Jack.
M ALIBI'S MURDER.
Sensational btory Publiihed by a Fresno
Acwspaper.
FRESNO, Cal., Nov. 19.— The Evening
Expobitor to-day prints an interesting
story about Murderer Roe's visit to
Woodland and his statement that one
night in 1882 he saw Under Sheriff
Maltby of Yolo County killed by Sheriff
Frank Rahm, who is now postmaster at
Woodland.
Tbe story is related by Wesley Stoten
berg, a brother of Ken fctotenbera, the
person who swore tiiat he. while in the
company of a man named Choree Harris
saw Ma.tby struck down by Sheriff Rahm
in the courthouse yard at Woodland.
Wesley dpclares that he has seen a
portrait of Roe and that it corresponds
with a description of the mysterious
George Harris, as given by Ren Stoten
berg.
Wesley further states that he has reason
to snow that his brother Ren told the
truth concerning the Malby tragedy and
tiiat he could have verified his ssatements
if Joseph Craig, then Distr.ct Attorney
of Yolo County, had not suppressed the
important facts which were inimical to
the de/ense. Ren Stotenberg is now in the
wood and coal business in Los Angeles.
Fresno's Special Election.
FRESNO, Cal., Nov. 19.— 0n November
24 a special election will be held in this
city to determine the question of annex
ing several additions to this city. The
probabilities are that the proposition will
be carried. No strong opposition has as
yet developed, while many of the citizens
especially residents of the additions, are
working hard for its success.
Hobbtui the Man II ho Befrxended Him.
FRKBNO, Cal., Nov. 19— George A.
Dold, who is suspected of having robbed
a man, who bad befriended him by eiving
him food and a night's lodging, of $85, a
gold watch and chain ana an overcoat, is
Stockton, was arrested In this city by
Officer Henry Russell last night He is
also believed to have been twice a deserter
irotn the United States army.
The Evidence Stolen.
FRESNO. Cal., Nov. 19.— A sensation
was caused in the examination of J. H.
Terry before Commissioner Prince to-day
by the inability of Attorney J. H. Collins
to produce the indecent letter alleged to
have been sent through the mails by the
defendant. Collins bad been entrusted
with the letter, but says some one has
stolen it from his olfice.
To Construct a Big Canal System.
FRESNO, Cal., Nov. 16.— The con ti act
of P. Y. Baker to construct a gigantic
canal system of the Sunset irrigation dis
trict to reclaim a vist area «f desert land
in the wes;ern portion of the county was
filed with the Ccunty Recorder to-day.
SANTA CLARA'S POULTRY SHOW.
Interest Increases With the Arrival of
Fanciers From All Parts of the
State — Prize- Winners.
PAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 19.— Interest in
the poultry sh w at Hate's Hall is increas
ing, aud the attendance to-day and this
evening was larger than yesterday. A
large number of fanciers from various parts
of the State are in attendance. The officers
of the Santa Clara Valley Poultry and
Kennel Club are receiving great praise for
the satisfactory manner in which the
exhibit has been handled. A concert was
given this evening by the Marine Band.
The special sweepstakes prizes, for the
largest and best display of lowls by one
exhibitor, have been awarded as follows:
O. J. Albee, first prize, a dinner set of
decorated china, 100 pieces, value $50; E. H.
Freeman, second prize, silver trophy, value
$25; Pmil Stockton, third prize, gold medal,
value $20; Mrs. K. H. i?now, fourth price, Carls
bad chi na decorated tea set, fifty-six pieces,
value $20.
Cash prises of $20 each for best displays of
class exhibits were awarded as follows:
American class. E. H. Freeman; Asiatic class,
-(■.'• Albee; Mediterranean class, E. W. San
aerson.
ATTEMPT ED SUICIDE
Turns on the Gas aud lakes Morphine,
*" but JV'of Allowed to Hie.
-SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 19.— A man about
30 years of age,- who on last Saturday
registered at the St. James Hotel as George
Warner of San Francisco, attempted to
commit suicide this evening by asphyxia
tion and an overdose of morphine. Warner
made careful preparation for the deed by
stopping up f -all*- the air passages to his
room, taking the morphine and then going
to bed and placing a rubber tube attached
to the gasjet to his mouth.
His plans were, however, frustrated by
the customs of the management of the
hotel who did not turn on the gas in his
building until almost dark and after the
morphine had taken effect. The escaping
gas was detected by the attaches of tie
house, who forced open the door and alter
hours of labor resuscitated the would-be
suicide. It is thought that Warner is an
assumed name, as the man destroyed all
possible means of identification except an
Odd Fellows' button in his- coat. He is
tail in stature, has a clean shaven face and
Grecian features. He will recover.
MRS. THOMPSON' WHEREABOUTS.
The Unfortunate Lady's Relatives Anx
iously f<eetc J n formation .
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 19.— Relatives
are anxiously seeking for information re
garding the whereabouts of Mrs. A. G.
Thompson, who disappeared last Mondayj
morning under very sad circumstances.
The family home is at 217 Marliere street.
The cause of Mrs. Thompson's unfortu
nate condition of mind is undoubtedly
the recent death of a beloved daugh
ter, 7 years of a«i'. The police huvo made
a search an-i i:ave been unable to find
anj- trace of her. The missing woman
is described as having been, when she
left home, dressed fully in black with
crape trimming. She is 45 years old.
She has dark eyes, dark hair, "with some
gray; high cheek bones, some teetti miss
ing, and she wore spectacles and & vaii.
BANKER WILL CASE.
attorney Spetteer Gires Xctice of a Mo-
tion for a Sew Trial.
PAN JOSE, Cxt., Nov. 19.— Attorney F.
E. Spencer, representing the proponents
in the contest of the will oi" the late
George H. Parker, to-day filed a notice in
the Superior Court that on Monday, No
vember 30, he would make a motion be
fore Judge Reynolds for a new trial of the
case. The grounds on which the new
trial is askeu are that the irregularity of
the proceedings of the court prevented
the proponents from securing a fair trial;
that errors Here made in admitting cer
tain evidence, and that the court erred in
instructing the jury.
The first trial resulted in a disagree
ment, and the second was decided in favor
of Mis. Emma L. Parker, tee contestant,
the jury finding that Parker was of un
sound mind when the will was made.
State Teacher*' iniKinl Convention.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 19.—Arrange
ments are being made for holding the
annual convention of the State Teachers'
Association in this city from December 28
to 30. The meetings, which will probably
be held in the Carnival Pavilion, will be
addressed by all the prominent educators
on the coa-t. About 1500 teachers are ex
pected to be in attendance ■
A. E. Morrison Is Insolvent.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Nov. 19.— A. E. Mor
rison, a fruit-grower living on the Santa
Clara and Los Uatos road, has filed a peti
tion in insolvency. The liabilities amount
to $11,165. Assets consist of a home-tea. i
valueu at $9000, but subjected to a $5500
mortgage.
SAN DIEGO GIRL IN DISPUTE.
Writ of Habeas Corpui liisned in the
Case of lions Moron.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Nov. 19.— 1n re
sponse to the petition of Mary Quinn,
Judge Puterbangh to-day granted a writ
of habeas corpus directing one Herman
Schafer to appear in court to-day with
Rose Moran, whom the petitioner alleges
was enticed from the Quinn borne at 545
Tenth street last Saturday and subse
quently removed to Los Aneeles. Froto
the petition it appears that the Moran
giri feared that Schafer intended to Kid
nap her, and only a lew days prior to the
day of her disappearance she had told
Mary Quinn that if anything happened
to her a writ of habeas corpus should oe
procured directing Schafer to bring her
into court. The Moran girl desires to
make her home with Mary Quinn, but
Schafer claims to be entitled to her.
For Ulegnlly Votina at Halftnoon Bay.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Nov. 19.-
Julian Jara was examined to-day before
Justice Hannon on a charge of having
illegally voted at Halfmoon Bay at the
late election. He had sworn that he was
of ace when registered and swore his
vote in at the election. He was held to
appear for trial be:ore the Superior Court
with bonds fixed at $1000.
San lull Runaway Accident.
BAN LUIS OBIBPO. Cal.. Nov. 19.-
While Captain and Mrs. Harloe were driv
ing in Arroyo Grande thia morning one
of the horses became frigbtened on ac
count of the breaking of the harness and a
runaway ensued, in which the occupants
of the buggy were thrown out. Mrs. Har
loe struck a barb-wire fence and had her
face cut and the captain received a few
bruises.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1896.
STANFORDS OFF
FOR THE SPRINGS
A Week in the Mountains
Before Tackling
Berkeley.
Captain Fickert Says the Trip
Will Put New Vim Into
His Men.
Great Rivalry Among Aspirants for
Bone-Breaking Positions— The
Probable Line-Up.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Nov.
19- — As was first announced in The Call,
the Stanford football men will leave for
Congress Springs to-morrow morning at
9 o'clock. Exclusive of Coach Cross and
his assistants, about thirty men will he
taken to the mountains for their final
week's training. When interviewed to
day Captain Fickert said:
"I am counting a good deal on this week
in the hills to improve the fellows. I al
ways felt much better after going up to
Woodside last year and the year before.
All the men seemed to liven up and play a
snappier game. Constant practice in the
same place each day for several weeks get?
monotonous and a man can't do himself
justice. ' He needs a different air, different
diet and change of surroundings, and this
we hope to get at Congress Springs. I
have never b en up there, but understand
it is an ideal place for training, with hot
and cold spring baths and all facilities,
which were lacking at Woodside." \"
When asked about the prospects for
winning, the big Stanford captain inti
mated that Berkeley wouldn't win in a
minute anyway, and that the Stanford
team would score another victory herself
this year if hard practice nnl conscien
tious playing could accomplish anything.
. The team will not be fully selected
until a day or two before the game.
There is a hot. right going on between
Jeffs and McLaine for the position of left
end. with chances considerably in favor
of the former, who besides playing a
strong, fast game has the advantage of a
j year's experience on the Varsity eleven.
McLaine didn't turn out until about the
first of November, but he has put up a re
markably strong game from his first even
ing's play. He is cool-headed, speedy and
a hard player. He tackles, in eood form
and is a valuable addition to the list of
players.
There is another hard fiebt over left
halfback. For a time it looked as though
Searight, a new man, had the place; then
Dole's playing improved so rat. idly that
be was placed at the half, and in the last
games, he played before injuring himself
he made it evident that he v. as the most
promising man for the job. Both these
candidates met with accidents last week
and are now recovering. Whether they
! will get over their strains in time to re
i cover Varsity form is a question. If they
do it is. probable that Dole will make the
j team, if they do not Lou Freeman '99. or
' \ Parker '99, will have to fight the thing
out. Both. men are .Rood u.ilis an I are
showing better form wit every practice.
Without doubt the line-up will be as
follows, with possibly the position of left
half:
! Center Williams '97
| Rißht guard Carle '9B
! Left guard Flckert (captain) '9B
Right tackle Thomas '97
Lett tackle Hhrriugton '98
. Right end.. Straight '97
I Leu end . JafTe '93
I Quarterback Murphy '00
I Right ha1f...;...:.......:.. Fisner '9B
Left ha1f....... ...Dole '08
• Fullback Cotton '98
■ Substitutes— Center. Burnett and Bigelow;
guards, James and Adams; tacklers, Rice ana
Robinson; ends. McLaine and B. Thomas;
quarterback, Mclntosb; bucks, Freeman, Par
ker, Seanght and Jost.
Notwithstanding the rain, the men were
j out in force this evening and an interest-
I in;? practice game was played. Captain
Fickert says that rain won't be allowed
to prevent practice each evening.
THASK6GIVIXG £> IERTAIXUEHT.
Great Succts* Anticipated—The Prime
Football ></>»<7.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Ncv.
19.— La&t evening three boxes at the Cali
fornia for the Stanford entertainment
Thanksgiving night »old for $62. The sale
of seats was very heavy indeed, and the
entertainment is bound to be a financial
success. Great expense will be incurred
to make the entertainment an artistic suc
cess as well. The students have begun to
assemble each evening to practice the col
lege yells and college songs. Several new
cries will be sprung on Thanksgiving day
at the game.
The prize of $10, offered by the football
management for the best football song,
Has awarded to Wallace Irwin '00, for his
song "When Stanford Begins to Score."
Following is the chorus ot the prize song
to the tune of "When Johnnie Comes
Marching Home," which gives an idea of
its character:
When Stanford bcßins to score, my lad 3,
When Stanford beeins to score.
We'll split the sky with our rollicking cry
And yell till the echoes roar J
And we'll teach old Berkeley a trick or two
That heretofore she uevcr knew,
And we'll make short work oi the gold and blue
Wheu Stanford begins to score.
The executive committee of the student
body has appointed John M. Swiizer '98
to the vacancy on tbe intercollegiate de
bating committee. Tbe committee lias
also decided to defray expenses of the
Stanford band to the Thanksgiving game,
and is now considering the advisability of
purchasing the uniforms lor the members
of that organization.
BORKIAG FOR SAN PEDRO.
Strong Evidence to Present to the Deep
Harbor Commission.
LOS ANGELES Cal., Nov. 19— Friends
of San Pedro harbor are getting strong
evidence to present to the Harbor Com
mission when it comes to this city. Much
ot it is new and convincing against the
Santa Monica project.
They say that at Santa Monica since
last year the sea has run so high that It
was necessary for vessels to cut loose from
the wharf aud be towed out to sea in or
der to avoid damage by beine dashed
against the piling. On another occasion
a vessel was dashed against the piling and
lashed to and fro by the waves so violently
that several bents on tbe wharf were torn
loose. Losses to vessels have been nu
merous and will be included in the matter
by the San Pedro forces. The general
action of the elements and their effects at
the two i laces have been considered and
will be of materisl aid to the commission.
KJILEIt JBX t LECTRItJITY.
Streetcar Conductor Receives a Fatal
Shoe<e nt a Telephone.
LOS Ai*GELEB. Cal., Nov. 19.— C. C.
Odell, a conductor on the electric street
cars, was killed by an electric shock re
ceived while telephoning to-night. He
was at the end of the West Lake division
and had gone to telephone to the dis
patcher. H« was heard to sliriek and awn
to fall back several feet to the ground.
When bystanders reached him he was un
conscious and died in about a minute.
About ttie same time S. B. Smith, an
other conductor, bad both hands burned
and received a shock while telephoning
from another place. C. Sebastian received
a severe shock when holding the telephone
about ten minutes before Odeil reached it.
It appears that a hiphlv volted electric
light wire was burned in two at the corner
of Second and Spring streets, and one end
dropped on to the telephone private wire
used by the streetcar company and
charged it. About that time Odell and
others started to use the instrument. The
reason for the two distinct shocks at the
West Lake division instrument probably
was because of the electric lisiht wire
swinging and coming in contact with the
telephone wire several times.
LIBERAL RELIGI OUS CONGRESS.
David Starr Jordan Among Those
Chosen as Directors.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Nov. 19.— At to
day's session of the American Liberal
Religions Congress, a proposition was
made to change the name of the congress
from "American Congress of Liberal
Religions" to •'Liberal Congress of Relig
ions.'' There was much objection to
this modification of the word "Liberal,"
but it was decided to change the name to
"Liberal Religious Congress."
The discussion of tiso ' question as to
whether the congress should do missionary
work, in the ordinary acceptance of that
term, resulted in a decision to confine the
congress to the parliamentary idea. Local
organizations will be encouraged and even
assisted, but not under the supervision of
the congress. Hiram W. Thomas was re
elected president of the congress, and
Jenkin Lloyd Jones was re-elected sec
retary. Leo Fox was again chosen treas
urer. The three men are all from Chicago.
Those elected vice-presidents are: T. w.
HigL-ins, E. G. Hirsch, A. J. Savage, R.
H. Newton and Professor Momerie.
Among the new directors chosen are David
Starr Jordan, president of Stanford Uni
versity, California, and Edwin S. Mead.
The next congress will be held at Nash
ville next year during fhe Tennessee cen
tennial celebration. An attempt will be
made to raise $500 to carry out the project
of making the Nashville congress an
unusuaily successful one. This congress
adjourned this evening.
SHOT DOWN' BY DETECTIVES.
Action of Vfflcr* That Will Cause
further Bloodshed.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 19.— A Sun
special from Williamson, West Virginia,
says: Two more killings have been added
to the lon* list of deaths by violence in.
this county in the past few weeks. De
tectives W. S. Bevins and Clark shot and
killed James and Anderson Mounts at
Delomre yesterday afternoon.
The officers were trying to arrest them
for murder commuted by Anderson
Mounts in September, and their stubborn
resistance resulted in their being killed.
Anderson Mounts shortly before ha i been
arrested for some minor offense and at
the time of the killing was in the custody
of bis father, James, who was acting as
guard. Under these circumstances the
action of the officers is a serious matter
and they at once fled. In thirty minutes
fully a score of the Mount*, heavily
armed, were in pursuit of the officers, bent
on wreaking summary vengeance. It is
likely that more than one man will meet
his death before the inceused relatives
o: the dead men capture the officers.
P.y the, Niagara Power.
BUFFALO, N. V., Nov. 19.— The trolley
cars of the Buffalo-street Railway Com
pany on Main street, between Second
street and the Cold Springs Barns %nd
those on East Ferry street and Kensing
ton avenue, are being run to-day by the
Niagara power. It is being used in this
experimental manner so that if in the
early stages some accident occurs during
the transmission tne entire service will
not be crippled. Tl.e experiment thus fa:
has been a perfect success.
Regular Train* Abandoned.
HELENA, Moxt.. Nov. 19.— Both the
Great Northern and Northern Pacific roads
abandoned their regular trains west of
Helena this morning. The former road is
completely paralyzed and the Northern
Pacific is only able to run an occasional
special. No trains are arriving from the
west over either road. The trouble is due
to landslides on the Great Northern in the
Cascade Mountains and the inundation of
four miles of track on the Northern Pa
cific.
honn- Standing Bicycle Claim Settled.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 19.—Theloog
talked-of O. 13. Potter claim against the
League of American Wheelmen was set
tled to-day.
By the decision of the committee ap
pointed to close the case Mr. Potter, who
i« now the chief consul of the New Yorlc
State division, will receive $4277 50 from
the league, which is the amount of the
principal and interest combined. The
case has been banging fire siuce 1894.
Receiver* for a Large. Firm.
BALTIMORE, Md., Nov. 19.— Receivers
have been appointed for Johnson, Om
hundro & Co., one of the largest dealers
In dry goods, notions and shoes in Balti
more. A petition was riled by a member
of the tirm. The firm has assets of $ 189,000
against liabilities of $133,000, but collec
tions cannot le made to meet pressing
obligations. Two receivers have been
named to wind up the affairs of the com
pany.
BrambeVm Valuable Patent.
ST. PAUL, Minx., Nov. 19.-A repre
sentative of an English syndicate was in
Sleepy Eye yesterday and offered Grant
Bramble £10,000 more for the patent right
of the Bramble rotary engine, patented by
him, than was offered by ti.-e American
syndicate. Bramble had "just accepted t:ie
offer of £320,000 irom the Allen syndicate
and was forced io decline the offer of
$50,000 more.
Tollgaten AboUnhed in Kentucky.
\ ERSAILLES, Ky.. Nov. 19.— A mob
composed of between rilteen and twenty
men armed with axes, shotguns and
revolvers, rode ihroughWoodford to-night
and chopped down the tollkrates on eisht
of the ten turnpikes leading Into Ver
sailles. The raiders warned the gate
keepers that they would be killed if they
demanded any toll
Xebratkn'a Beet *uaar Law.
.LINCOLN, Nebr., Nov. 19.— Su
preme Court to-day teard argument on
the constitutionality of the beet sugar law,
CX i Se JJ Ilor1 lor ¥ ande rson" making the princi
pal address in behalf of the law. ; The case
?h\ ■•« bmit t"d. ■ The impression prevails
♦°» }£*. court will sustain the law and
that the next Legislature will repeal it.
Bryan Kilt* n Rabbit.
GAME PRESERVES, Taney County
Mo., Nov. 19.- W. J. Bryan and party ar
rived here yesterday. During the after
noon Mr. Bryan and several other mem
bers of tbe party started on a hunt last
ing several hours. Mr. Bryan is not
much of a shot, but he succeedad in kill
ing a rabbit.
Failure of an lowa Bank.
SIOUX CITY, lowa, Nov. 19. -The First
Rational Bank closed its doors unexpect
edly this morning. No statement was
maae. lhe statement of October 6
showed a Capital and surplus of $1,400,000;
loans. $493,564 23; deposits. $537,9yS 57.
Bishop Spnltlina Returns.
PEORIA, 111., Nov. 19.— Bishop Spald
ing of reoria arrived home yesterday from
Europe. He said that rumors that he
was to be appointed rector of the Catholic
Yr\ VKV X- s i. ly Washington w succeed
Archbishop Keane were false.
FEARFUL FLOODS
OF THE NORTHWEST
General Devastation Along
the Great Northern
Railroad.
Bridges Are Washed Away and
Many Miles of Track Under
Water.
Graphic Description of the Appalling
Situation by a Reporter
From the Scene.
SPOKANE, Wash., Nov. 19.— The con
dition of the submerged Ccßur d'Alene
country grows more serious each day. A
reporter of the Spokesman-Review just
returned from there tells of some remark
able e-capes, and vividly describes the
condition of the country. He left Wallace
on Sunday, but when the train was out a
few miles it was flagged by a farmer just
as it was on the edge of a bridge which
had been washed away. The water was a
foot deep on the trace, and the reporter
waded through this for several miles.
Finally, on account of the high water,
be was forced to take to the foothills. At
one place he lound a large bridge washed
out, but the ties and rails were still in
place, the ties being held together by the
rails and spikes. Though a dangerous un
dertaking, he started to crawl across the
river on this weak structure. The water
was raging below and filled with all kinds
of debris. He bad- scarcely reached the
other side when the lrail structure on
which he had crossed fell into the water.
All the wagon bridges between Wallace
and Wardnsr are out and several railroad
bridges are entirely gone. At Kingston
the people were huddled together in a
schoolhouse, the houses are all afloat.
The situation at Cataldo is even worse
than at Kingston. The town is completely
submerged and there are no boats. In
the second story of one house eighteen
people are huddled together, their hogs
and chickens occupying the lower part.
A portion of tne cookhouse at the sawmill
has been washed away, with a new steel
range and three quarters of beef. The
Northern Pacific bridge is sprung thirteen
inches out of place, and 100 cords of drift
wood or more is lodged against the center
pi«r.
At the month of the St. Joe River Tues
day a log jam at the trestle of the Oregon
Railway and Navigation bridge was
blown out with dynamite. The Georgie
Oakes spent the entire day yesterday in
clearing away the jam at the mouth of
the Coeur d'Alene River. Cameron's
lumber-yard at McEnaville is entirely
washed away and for over 100 yards the
railroad tracks are standing on edge like a
picket fence. Great losses have been
suffered by the meadow farmers. The
entire crops of hay have been washed
away, together with barns, outbuildings
and homes. The Northern Pacific, be
tween Mission and Wallace, is all washed
out and boxcars are floating in the water.
The food supply in Coeur d'Aiene is short,
but so far there has been no actual suffer
ing. It will be some time before provisions
can be taken in.
The Georgie Oakes will make a trip to
the Mission to-day, but it will require
several weeks to get the railroads in con
dition to carry passengers from the Mis
sion to points east. At Harrison the
small sawmill-owners are employing men
to go out In boats and rescue logs, and
the men are making $10 to $15 a day.
Thousands of feet of logs have broken
away from boons and Cocur d'Alene Lake
is full of drift, presenting the appearance
of a slough. The water is as yellow as
the Lower Missouri. The lake rose a
foot aud a half Tuesday.
The Bunker Hill and Sullivan mill is
turning out more concentrates than at
any other time in its history, and on ac
count of thn shortaee of cars the concen
trates will have to be piled up beside the
track. The same condition exists at the
large mines on Canyon Creek. In some
places the Northern Pacific track lies on
top of the Union Pacific.
This is the first freshet at this time of
the year in the Cceur d'Alenes since No
vember, 1544. At that time Father de
Smett was caught at the mission and was
rescued from the water by an Indian.
A CITIL ENGINEER'S STOTT.
Sixty Hays Wilt Be Required, to Repair
the , Great Northern.
SEATTLE, . Wash., Nov. 19. — Edwin
Hall Warner, a civil engineer, who re.
turned from ; the Cascade flooded district
to-day, replying to a question as to the
condition of the Great Northern road,
said :
. "Is the road open? I should say so
open every three miles and water running
through every opening. How did I get
here? On foot, of course; forty -five miles
in less than forty-eight hours, besides
twenty miles in a canoe and five on a
handcar. j
"I know more about the condition of
the Great Northern than any one else
now. By to-night the wires will be in
shape and the company will prob.ibly
NEW TO-DAY. ' ~ "~ ~~ ~"
A. /^"^^ %s Makes Strong Men and Women,
*•-."-■■ ■ ■ . . ■-■■ ■ ■ ■ ■ - ■ . • ■-.---,■ — ■--■■.-■■ ""-> .' ,-- ■ -.' ' ■
have full information as to its losses. 1
have never seen so general a disturbance
anywhere. It will be Wednesday next at
the earliest before any connection at ail
can be made — perhaps a day or two later.
A truss bridge two miles east of Sultan is
batily out of place and it will take as
much time to get by as if it had been
washed out bodily. From there to Index
the embankment has been washed out
every other mile or so for distances of
twenty to fifty feet. Above Index the
same series of small washouts occur.
"At Granite Cut and beyond it, distant
five miles from Index, the track for sev
eral hundred feet has been com
pletely carried away. In the cut the bal
last has been washed out, leaving only the
rails and ties.
"At the crossing of the Skykomish the
truss bridge and approach have been car
ried out, leaving something like 300 leet
across the main river to be taken care of.
Above the Skykomish several structures
were carried away and a slide or two will
have to be taken care of. Superintendent
Riton is wasting no time, and on his ac
tivity I base my estimate ot s yen days to
make the connection. To get the road in
the shape it was a week aeo will require
at least sixty days.
"The cause of the trouble was fif
teen days' snow, last. Thursday evening
a Chinook wind and then a warm rain
lasting until Saturday night at 10 o'clock.
The run-off was, as usual, in torrential
streams, extremely rapid, and everything
was carried before them. I measured the
rainfall for two days in the mines in Miller
River district. It amounted to 14 inches
In fifty-four hours — equivalent to about
abcut one-third the annual precipitation
in Seattle. In Suykomish 1 found five
passengers from a westbound train which
•»d been hung up for three days near
Wellington. Tiiev were Frank Brownell
of Everett, H. T. Rudow of Seattle, Lynn
Reelfe of RosEland, B. C, and Rev. "Mr.
Van Neys of Vancouver, Wash. They had
plowed through fourteen miles of snow
the night before, reaching Skykomish at
midnight."
CALIFORNIA MAIL ARRIVES.
first Since Last Saturday— Great Loss
to Lumbermen.
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 19.— Two days'
California mail, the first since Saturday,
was received in this city to-day via the
steamer Kingston from Tacoina. The
railroads are still badly crippled by reason
of the floods. It will probably be several
days before connection can be made from
Seattle with the Northern Pacific main
line at Puyallup. The Great Northern
announces that it will have its coast line In
operation to-morrow or the day after and
that an effort will probably be made on
Sunday to resume passenger traffic over
the main line East.
The passengers hemmed in for so long
on the Great Northern between Welling
ton and Madison, it is stated, have been
rescued, and are now making their way
back to Spokane and on to Seattle over
the Northern Pacific, via Tacoma.
Lumbermen of this city say that 90 per
cent of the shingle bolts cut in Northwest
ern "Washington have been swept down
the various rivers and put to sea, and
from 3,000,000 to 5,000.000 feet of logs
driven throuuh the booms and sent the
same way. Probably one-third of the logs
will be recovered from the sound, but
millmen believe it will not be possible to
save any of the shingle bolts.
MURDERED HER OWH CHILD.
Peculiar Scandal in Which a Reformed
Preacher Is Implicated.
UNIONTOWN, Pa., Nov. 19.— The dis
closures attending the arrest of Rev. Mr.
Fitzgerald, Miss Emiline Freeman, tier
father, William Freeman, and her brother,
Dawson Freeman, all well-known resi
dents of Masontown, has caused a great
sensation in Fayette County. Miss Free
man was arrested yesterday and is in jail
charged with murdering a child to which
she recently gave birth. Rev. Mr. Fitz
gerald is held under heavy bail, and the
girl's father and brother are charged with
conspiracy to conceal the murder. The
matter was brought to public notice by
Dr. Edmund O. Cloud, who was called to
attend the girl. Emiline Freeman con
fessed to the physician that she hhd mur
dered the child and that Rev. Mr. Fitz
gerald was the cause of all her trouble.
The father and brother of the girl at
tempted to coerce Dr. Cloud to silence, but
he refused to criminate himself and made
the information aeainst the family. Rev.
Mr. Fitzgerald came from Virginia a year
ago, since which time he has been preach
ing in the Reformed Brethren Church and
boarded in the Freeman family. Miss
Freeman is 23 years oi age ana pleasing in
appearance.
The Lutheran League.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 19.— Discussion of
suitable literature for youncer church
members was the chief business before the
Lutheran League to-day. Officers were
elected as follows: President, £. F.
Eilert of New York; general secretary, M.
C. Olden, Chicago; recording secretary,
W. C. Stover, Philadelphia; assistant
recording secretary, Miss M- Meister, Lan
caster, Pa. ; treasurer, Cornelius O. Eck
bardt, Wasninsrton, D. C. ; executive com
mittee — Rev. W« K. Frick, Milwaukee;
L>»ander Trautman, Pittsbtirg; Rev. L. J.
Murphy, Rock Island, 111.; Rev. L. A.
Kuhns, Omaha, Nebr. ; F. A. Hartranft,
Philadelphia. The league decided to hold
its next convention in New York City two
years from this time.
Domestic Tragedy in a Florida Town.
NEW SMYRNA, Fla., Nov. 19.— T. H.
Roberts shot and killed Charles Bowie last
night because of the latter's intimacy with
Mrs. Roberts.
Before tie died Bowie fired on and dan
gerously wounded Roberts in the side.
Bowie and the wife were found in a com
promising position by Roberts. Satisfied
that his suspicions were correct the in
jured husband began tiring. All con
cerned are well to do.
Politics and a l>uel.
PARIS. France, Nov. 19.— M. Pierre-
Leurand, a member of the Chamber of
Deputies, and M. Henri Turot, editor of
the Petite Republique Francaise, have
fought a duel in which Turot was
wounded in the arm. The combat grew
out of politics.
OREGON PRODUCTS
FOR AUSTRALIA
Portland Merchants Bid for
Trade With the
Antipodes.
Have Chartered a Steamer to Be
Sent There With a Very
Choice Cargo.
New Line Pr-J ctad, as Sin Francisco
Has Difficulty in Handling
Their Freight.
PORTLAND, Ob., Nov. 19.— An event
of unusual importance to this city and the
entire Northwest will occur next month,
when a steamship loaded with Oregon
products will leave Portland for Aus
tralia. The promoters of the new enter
prise are Davidge & Co., agents of the
Oregon-Asiatic Steamship Company. The
steamer they have secured for the first
trip is the Aswanly, a modern Vessel of
3535 tons gross regißter, with a carrying
capacity of 5140 tons.
While the matter of making an experi
ment in this trade has been under con
sideration but a short time, the promoters
have had no difficulty in securing a large
cargo. If their efforts should meet witn.
encouragement a regular line will be in
operation early in the year. There is a
large amount ot products of Oregon and
Washington now sent to the Antipodes by
way of San Francisco, and this trade has
grown to such proportions that steamers
sailing from the Bay City have difficulty
in handling all of the freight offered.
Oregon produces a good deal of fruit, lum
ber, flour and other truck of similar
nature that finds a ready market in Aus
tralia. With proper encouragement the
new steamship venture is sure to be a
great aid in developing a Northwest-
Pacific trade with that country.
The Aswanly will leave about the mid
dle of December, and if merchants are in
terested in securing more trade from that
country there will be- plenty of steamship*
placed in service to follow the pioneer.
The steamship is now en route to thit
port from Hiogo.
DID HE KID NAP HIMSELF?
Portland Deteetire* Discredit Dr. Ball's
Story of His Disappearance.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 19.— Dr. F. L
Ball, who for several days was supposed
to have been drowned or murdered at
Kaiama, W r ash., about fifty miles down
the Columbia River, returned to his home
in this city to-day. He repeated his
ridiculous yarn of being kidnaped, robbed
and' taken into the mountains that he
told last night when he turned up as
"found again."
Detectives simply laugh at Ball's strange
story, as the doctor did not give a descrip
tion of his assailants to the authorities at
Kalama or to the detectives when he ar
rived here to-day. It is supposed that
Ball intended to leave the country, leav
ing impression that he had committed
suicide, "but at the last moment reconsid
ered and invented the yarn about being
kidnaped. It has leaked out through a
domestic formerly employed in the house
hold where the Balls lived that there was
considerable domestic unhappiness, and
this may account for it. However, the
doctor's young wife had fully relented by
this time, anyway, and was almost hys
terical from joy over her husband's safe
return.
A CONSCIENCE-STRICKEN THIEF.
After Thirty Tears He Seeks to Make.
Jiestitution.
THE DALLES, Or., Nov. 19.— Louis
Davenport of Mosier was robbed of a grip
containing $8000 in gold dust over thirty
years ago. Some time since, realizing
that he was approaching the grave, the
man who took the money made a will,
and in this will he provided for repay
ment of the slolen money with legal rate
of interest from the day it was taken until
the day the debt shall be paid. The ill
gotten pains seem to have prospered in
his hands, but when he came to die his
conscience troubled him.
A few days ago a stranger made his ap
pearance in The Dalles and saw Daven
port. He was quickly investigating the
matter, and without disclosing who he
was he assured DavenDort that he was
conversant with all the facts in the
stranse case. As the sum of stolen money
new amounts to $27,000, by adding inter
est and by reason of judicious investment,
and as there happens to oe, strangely
enough, a mysterious '"French Charley"
disputing that Davenport lost that sum,
it is not improbable that the leeal frater
nity may engage in a nght over th«
"conscience mon»y. "
Officers Flee From Avenger*.
WILLIAMSCxV, W. Va., Nov. 19.-
Friends of Anderson and James Mounts,
the two men who were killed yesterday by
Clart and Bevins, are hot on the trail of
the officers. Through the night Clark and
Bevins succeeded in eluding their pur
suers, and early this morning they secured
horses.
They are now on their way to Pikeyitlil
Ky., to claim ihe reward of $100 for the
killing of Anderson and Mounts. For the
present the officers are safe, but serious 1
trouble will occur if they return here from
Pikeville.SHE FOUNDERED
IN MID-OCEAN
Arrival of the Captain of
the American Ship
Patrician.
He and His Crew Were Picked
Up by the British Steamer
Fifeshire.
Loss of the Missionary Steam Bark
entine Dayspring on the New
Hebrides-
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ala
meda made another record-breaking run
during the trip from Sydney to San Fran
cisco. The trip between Sydney and
Auckland was made in 3 days and 14
hours, or four hours better than the fastest
on record. From Auckland to Apia the
run was made in 4 days 16 hours, or again
four hours better than the record. Be
tween Apia and Honolulu the speed was
not kept up, as Captain Van Oterendorp
did not want to reach the latter port be
fore noon. Even as it was she was a day
ahead of time. On the run to San Fran
cisco the chief did not attempt to push
the vessel, but nevertheless she was off the
Farallones long before daybreak yester
day. The Alameda came in as soon as the
fog lifted a little, and at 7 a. m. she was
tied up alongside the company's dock.
Captain £. R. Sterling was master of
the - American ship Patrician, and he is on
his way to New York to report the loss of
bis ship. The Patrician was on her way
from Newcastle, Australia, to Lyttleton,
N. Z., when a hurricane was run into.
Sail after sail was biown away and the
decks were flooded and everything mov
able was washed overboard. The mizzen
mast snapped off short and carried away
half the mainmast. For a short time the
foreman stood and the lower topsail on
the mainmast held. Then the storm re
newed its strength and blew the lower
topsail out of the bolt ropes and carried
away part of the foremast.
The Patrician began to leak and Captain
Sterling set the American flag, union
down, at the foremast. All the boats
were gone, and just when the crew had
given up hope the British steamer Fife
'shire hove in sight. The latter lowered a
boat and took the crew off in boatloads.
Captain Sterling stood by his ship to the
laat, and when the boat was ready to take
him off the men were afraid to go along
side, as the vessel was rapidly sinking.
Finally the gallant master jumped into
the ocean and a few minutes later was
picked up and placed aboard the steamer.
Xne Patrician was abandoned on August
28 in iatitude 39.38 south, longitude 158.11
'west, and went down half an hour after
the crew was safely aboard the Fifeshire.
In speaking about the loss of his ship yes
•terday Captain Sterling said it was the
heaviest storm ne had ever been through,
;.nd had it not been for the arrival of the
steamer every soul on board would have
gone down with the ship.
.The accompanying sketoh is from a.
photograph of an oil painting made by
Captain sterling when be arrived in Syd
ney, N. S. W.
The remains of Kate Field did not ar
rive on the AJaire<ia, contrary to expecta
tions. Halsted & Co. had their under
taking wagon down at the steamer, but it
ha.a again to depart empty.
• The Alameda brought up 450,000 sover
eigns, or aoout $2,160,000, for tne Anglo-
Californian and London, Paris and Amer
ican banks. The sovereigns will be coined
into American double eagles.
The little thirteen-ton yawl Spray and
her master and owner, Captain Slocum,
seem to be gaining a great deal of noto
riety in Australia. The boat left New
York over a year ago, ana after coasting
a^ong the eastern shore went through the
Straits oi Magellan, and finally reached
'the southern seas. While lying in the
narbor at Apia a photograph of the yawl
was taken and a reproduction of it was
given in Thk Call two months ago. Cap
tain trlocum navigates the yawl alone, and
has not even a cat to keep him company.
The Alameda brings the news that the
yawl is in Australian waters.
The Sydney Daily Telegraph says:
Henry E. Slater, a messenger at the Works
Department, has during the past week been
addressing public meetings with reference to
the forthcoming visit of Captain Joshua Slo
cum of the yawl Spray. In these ad iresses he
has made a number of charges against the
. captain, alleging that he practiced excessive
cruelty upon him in 1883. Sinter's story
summarized is that in that year, while au
officer under Captain Slocum's command he
was put in irons for absolutely no offense. He
hays that he was weighted wuh over eighty
three pounds of chain and confined in a nar
row space, in which he could neither lie nor
stand. He says he was imprisoned in this
manner for fifty-three d,.y.s and nights, and
during the whole period of his incarceraiion
received but two ship biscuits and about half
apiniof water per diem. He goes on to say
that Captuln Slocum was fined $500 at New
iork for his cruelty, and the other officers
wtre also fined smaller amounts.
Slocum admits being fined, but asserts
that it was simply a question of discipline
that made him put Slater in irons on
ooard the Northern Li K ht in 1883. He
offered proof to show that Slater and not
•he was to blame for the whole affair.
Ihe Spray was escorted into Bydney
harbor by a fleet of yachts, and Captain
blocum was given a royal welcome,
.lue British ship Pendeen, from Table
Bay for Newcastle, N. 8. W., to load coai
for San Francisco, has arrived at Port
Louis (Mauritius) dismasted. The chances
are that she was cau -ht in a typhoon.
The following notice to mariners in re
gard to the Willamette River channel to
Portland, Or., has been issued by the
Board of United States Lighthouse In
spectors:
Notice is hereby given that the Swan Island
bar (lower), three-pile post-li^ht beacon, also
the Swan Island bar (upper), single-pile post
light beacon, were carried away by the pres
ent freshet, and will be replaced as early as
jracticable.
• This notice affect* the List of Lights and Fog j
Signals, Pacific Coast, 1896. page 24, Nos. 1087
and 1089, also the List of Beacons and Buoys,
Pacific Coast, 1895, page 50.
The return trip of the Sophia Suther
land from Alaska must have been a pleas
ant one judging from the following testi
monial given to the officers and crew and
signed by all the passengers:
San Francisco, Cal., Nov. 18, 1896.
We, the undersigned, passengers on the
schooner Sophia Sutherland, just arrived from
Kadiak, Alaska, would give tnis as a slight
testimonial of our appreciation of courtesies
received at the bands of Captain P. C. Wedvig
and Mate James Hansen and of the seaman
like manner and care with which the vessel
was bandied on her twelve days' trip from
Kadiak. We hope their voyage through life
may be as pleasant as this one has been to us.
Captain Schmalz of the schooner Czarina
writes to the Lynde & Hough Company
that their agent, J. H. Buck bee, died sud
denly at Sand Point on October 5. Bnck
bee had been to dinner on the Czarina
and was talking with Captain Schmalz
when he was taken with a pain around
his heart and uttering the words. "Oh, my
heart," dropped dead. The body will be
brought to San Francisco on the Czarina.
v The Alameda brings the news |of the
f ioss of the Presbyterian missionary; steam
brigantine Dayspring. She went ashore
on one of the coral reefs oi the New Hebri
dies and six of the crew are reported as
missing. She was on her way to Santo
and in her course were many atolls and
reefs, and one of these is supposed to have
caused her destruction. The Presby
The American Ship Patrician Was Caught in a Hurricane While on Her Way From Newcastle, N. S. W^ to Lyttleton, N. Z. When
in a Sinking Condition and All Her Boats Gone the British Steamer Fifeshire Came Along and Rescued the Crew.
terians have been particularly unfortunate
in their missionary work among the
inlands. The first vessel they lost was the
John Knox ana this mases the third Day
spring that has gone on the rocks and
become a total loss. These missionary ves
sels are built, equipped ami maintained
by the Sunday-school children of Aus
tralia and New Zealand.
The tug Sea Witch reports that eight
miles east-southeast of the Farallones site
spoke the schooner Orient, hence Novem
ber 12 for Coos Bay, with her foremast
head, main topmast and foregaff gone.
She lost them in a gale a few days ago and
was returning to port for repairs.
The barkentine Catherine Sudden re
ports that she lost her deckload of lumber
off the Columbia River. She also carried
away her foresail and foretopgallant sail
and was compelled to out back for reoa.rs.
The schooner Coquelle reports that on
November ]6, in latitude 38 deg. 32 mm.
north, longitude 124 det'. 55 mm. west,
during a southeast gale she had her fore
topmast head, jibboom and flying-jib car
ried away.
The tug Rescue delivered orders to the
British ship Lyderhorn to proceed to
Royal Roads last night at 7 o'clock about
thirty miles southwest of the whistling
buoy.
The steamer Alice B.'ancbard arrived
last night. On Tuesday. November 17, at
2:30 p. it., when about ten miles off Cape
Blanco, the captain found her to be fast
tilling witn water from a hole ten inches
in diameter on the port bow, apparently
caused by striking some floating object.
Sbe was taken in tow by the steamer
Farallon to Port Orford, whence, after
making temporary repairs, sbe proceeded
on her voyage, still in tow of the Farallon.
Her bow was stove in and her machinery
disabled.
On November 13 and 14, in latitude 47 25
north, longitude 126 09 west, the schooner
Maid of Orleans encountered very heavy
gales, which carried away the entire deck
load of stave bolts, did considerable otiier
damage on deck; also spilt the foresail
and mainjib and broke the jaws of the
main boom.
WILD SCENES AT A HOTEL.
Jim Neal and Hoiias Ricker F ght, and
Jere Mahoney Loses His Gold
Bepeater.
An exciting fight which attracted a
large crowd occurred last night at about
9:30 o'clock at the Baldwin Hotel. The
principals were Honas Ricker, a bellboy,
and Jim Neal, a horseman. According to
Clerk Lake of the hotel, Neal has long
been coarse and ins lent in bis language,
in the presence of ladies as well &■< men,
and for this reason he was put out of the
hotel about a mont,h a^'O.
Neal conceived that Ricker, the bellboy,
was chief cause of his being put out. Last
nignt Neal, as Mr. Lake states, came into
tlie hotel and put his feet upon one
of the handsome chairs. The watchman
invited him outride. When he got out
side he began to abuse Ricker, whom he
saw there. Ricker was plucky and began
to rain in blows on the horseman.
There was great excitement, and in the
midst of it Statesman Jerry Alahoney ap
peared. He had not more than got in
till some one plucked from his pocket his
handsome gold repeater. While inter
ested friends separated the combatants
the statesman ran helplessly to Chief of
Detectives Lees, who was at band, and dis
played the end of his chain. The veteran
detective detached Detective John Sey
mour to try and find the watch and pick
pocket.
•—• — « — »
FIFTH PIANO RECITAL.
Mrs. Fannie Bloomfleld-ZeUler's Pro
gramme Largely Gleaned From
Chopin's Work*.
Mrs. Fannie Bloomfield-Zeisler gave her
fifth recital last evening. Not much can
De added to what has previously been said
concerning her playing in a general way.
It is true, however, that each succeeding
recital develops something new which is
worth of consideration, ard the perform
ance liibt evening was no excepiion to this
rule. The programme was largely of
Chopin. The successes of the evening
were a pastorale by fccarlatti, Chopin's
Mazurka, op. 6, No. 1, and especially his
Scherzo, op. 20. Perhaps the final "Ta
rantelle, 1 ' by Liszt, may be included in the
fortunate list. At all events it exhibited
about every variety of toucii possessed by
Mrs. Bloomfield-Zeisler, and demonstrated
afresh the perfection of ncr technique.
The cantabile playing in the Chopin
Scherzo was something worth remember
ing. The audience was demonstrative,
insisting upon irequent recalls. The next
recital will be given Sa«nrday at 2 p. m.
Ready for the Koll-Call Lp Yonder.
"When the roll is called up , yonder, I'll
be there." Daniel Carter announced that
as the hymn to-be sun« at the holiness
meeting in ;; ;■ Madison-street : Methodist
Church, Chester, Pa., Sunday afternoon.
He had just given his experience and had
taken his seat,- when the summons came
to him' to answer the " "roll-call." He fell
in ; the ' arms lof .' his j fellow-member, Mr.
May ben; and expired. • Death was ; due ■■. to
heart disease.-. Mr. Carter had been a mem
ber of ";. the church for forty years and was
65 years of age. -^-Philadelphia Record. ■■■.
»- — o m
TO CUKE A COL) IV ONE DAY. j
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. A ll drug
. gists refund the money if it fails to cure. _ ibc
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1896.
TELLING SECRETS
OF THE HOSPITAL
War Between the Matron
and the Superin
• tendent.
Blankets, Sheets and Pillow-
Cases Missing From the
Institution.
Mrs. Stable's Large Tennis-Fianne
Account — Nigh'-GowDs and
Lounging R bes.
Mrs. Mary E. Black, the matron of the
City ami County Hospital, came before
the Board of Health yesterday afternoon
to tell all she knew of the shrouds that
should have been used when the pauper
dead were laid out for burial. Incidentally
she toot occasion to expose some of the
secrets of the institution.
There were missing seven pairs of
blanscts, six pillow-cases and ten sheets,
which she said she served out for the use
of Dr. Stable's family when they first
came to live at the hospital. When the
Stables moved into another residence
those articles, to her belief, went with
them.
She did not take an inventory of the
things before they went away because she
had been ordered not to do so by Mrs.
Stahie.
"I told Dr. Btahie," said Mrs. Black to
Dr. Hart, "that I must go into his rooms
and take a list of the City property there.
He at first said I might do so. but after
consulting his wife he told me that sue
would attend to that."
"When did you first miss those blan
kets, slieets and pillow-cases?" astced Dr.
Williamson.
"When Mrs. Stahie and her children
left the hospital," answered the matron.
"Soon after Mrs. Stahie came she got hurt
and had to have two more pillows and
they were borrowed from the training
school. They are gone, too.
"My attention was called to the short
age in the bed linen during che weekly
distribution of the wash. The reason I
! think Dr. Stahie took the articles is that
this week I captured the ten sheets
among his laundry."
"Wuat do you mean by 'captured?' "
asked Dr. Fitzgibbons.
"I found them among his private linen
and knew them by the hospital mark.
They came to me by the mistake of the
iaundryman."
The witness stated in reply to a question
that she had been forbidden to go into Dr.
Stahle's rooms on any pretext, but just
before the family left she found many
articles of hospital bed linen lying among
( their baggage.
Sbe explained that there was consider
able friction between herself and the
Biahles, and that it was caused by the
very official part taken by the superin
tendent's wife. She then stated that Mrs.
Stahie would maice demands upon her for
muslin, flannel, safety-pins and other
articles which she had charge of as ma
tron.
Mrs. Stahie would use the things thus
procured from the hospital supplies for
her own use, the witness said.
"Are you sure of this?" Dr. Hart asked
pointedly.
"I saw the cloth cut and made and worn
j by members of Mrs. Stuhle'a family." an
swered Mrs. Black. "I saw Mrs." Stahie
wearing a dress made of tennis flannel
whicli she got of me."
The witness stated further that some
silk was ordered for use in the internes'
room and a portion of it was used to make
a dress for Dr. Stahie s little girl.
Mrs. Black exhibited her books, espe
cially the six pages of the accounts de
voted to the requirements of Mrs. Stable.
They run from October 21, 1896, to April
29. 1896.
"Here is an item— -'seventeen yards Can*
ton flannel,' said Dr. Hart. "What is
that for?"
"Night clothes for little Roland Stahie,"
answered Mrs. Black.
"And here is founeen yards tennis flan
nel. What is that for?"
"A lounging robe for Mrs. Stable. 1 '
"Here is fifteen and half yards tennis
flannel. What is that for?"
"A lounging robe for Mrs. Stahle's
mother, I think."
So the long list runs throuch six pages
of a large folio account-book — flannel, linen,
creton, thread, cotton, needles, pins, etc.,
all for Mrs. Stahie. On one pa>:e are a
number of articles marked, "Taken in my
absence and not accounted lor."
Mrs. Black stated that somebody had
tried to get at her books in her absence,
consequently she kept duplicate accounts.
She consulted her attorneys for fear she
would be accused of taking the missing
articles.
Sophia Stromberg, one of the chamber
maid-, was sworn and gave pretty much
the rame tsstimony.
Edward Tornalty, the cook, testified re
garding the quality of the meat furnished
the hospital, and during his testimony
stated that the Market Inspector had not
been at the hospital for three weeks,
though he should visit the institution
three times a week.
He also said that chickens received at
the hospital as a delicacy for the superin
tendent s table were charged for as meat
for the hospital, a fat, fine broiler being
equivalent to thirty-four pounds of beet.
The steward had often carried cooked ten
derloins to favorite patients, but that was
no concern of bis.
Dr. Stahie was sworn and denied every
item of the accusations made against him
by Mrs. Black. Neither he nor his wife
had drawn a yard of stuff from the
matron's stores. The ten sheets had got
into his laundry by mistake and he had
sent them to the institution himself.
Immediately upon taking charge of the
hospital he had given orders that no de
ceased patient should be buri»d in a nude
condition. A shroud is provided for each
body. Thi» shroud is worth about 25
cents. Dr. Hart here ordered that shrouds
should be provided for all dead bodies and
a partition be made in the hospital
morgue for the iemule bodies and that
only women be permitted to handle those
bodies.
Dr. Stahie stated that Mrs. Black was
vindictive and angry because she was not
permitted to eat at the superintendents'
table.
The Board of Health took the matter
under advisement.
CHRISTMAS PASTRY.
Bakers Will Not Distribute the Holi-
day Cake, but Drivers May l»o
as 1 li.y Please.
The master bakers met in Tnrn Verein
Hall on Turk street yesterday afternoon.
Press representatives v.ere excluded.
A resolution prohibiting the presenta
tion of Christmas cakes to patrons was
passed. One baker said, however:
"There is nothing to prevent my drivers
from making a present to their customers
on Chri-tmas day if they so desire. So
long as Ido not give it or order it I am
free and can say that I nave lived up to
the pledge."
From the expressions dropped after the
meeting it is apparent that on many
routes Christmas bakery presents will be
given as usual.
The question of raising the price of
breaa was debated. One member said he
was losing $20 a day by the increase in the
price of flour. This argument was met by
another member who said he was decidedly
opposed to forming a trust in bread. It
might <io to form a trust in coal oil and
steel, but it would be poor D«ilicy to form
a bread trust because, if that were at
tempted, some big syndicate from Chicago
would come out here and mate bread for
the people ai such a price that every baker
in San Francisco would have to go to the
poorhouse.
A proposition to reduce the weight of a
loaf of bread did not meet with favar.
It was the general impression that the
action on the "no cake" for Christmas de
cision was a sort of feeler to see what the
public would thinK about it. Practically
the same action was taken in regard to
branch bakeries and the return of stale
bread.
MYSTERY OP THE MORGUE
An Unknown Man Kuds His Mfc With
Poison in the Park.
The body of a well-dressed unknown
man lies in tne Morgue, and the Coroner
is very desirous of learning who he was.
The man took morphine in Golden Gate
Park and died in the Receiving Hospital,
to which he was removed in an uncon
scious condition by the park police. He
was found on the ground near the band
stand and nearby was an empty mor
phine bottle. At the hospital the doctors
stated that he must have taken all the
vial contained.
The man at some time must have been
in good circumstances, for he was neat in
his general appearance and dress. He
was about 40 years of age, 5 feet 6 inches
in height, of dark complexion, and
weighed about 165 pounds. He had dark
hair, slightly gray, and dark mustache.
He wore a dark, soft hat, cutaway coat
with a very fine blue check, pants and
vest of like material, gaiter shoes, white
sbirt and collar, and white-ribbed under
wear.
There was nothing found in his pockets
that would lead to his identification. A
25-cent piece, a 1-cent piece, a knife, key
and a blank red memorandum-book were
all that could be found in his clothes.
Kiley Grannan, the Plnnger, Arrives.
Kiley Grannan, the celebrated piunger,
whose winnings on the different tracks for
the past few years have b«?en the tali of the
country, arrived here from the East last night
and is at the Baldwin. He has corue out to
attend ihe winter races in California.
FIRE AS AN AID
TO SNEAK THIEVES
Fire Marshal's Theory of
Two Incendiary
Fires.
While Pec pie Rush Out of Their
Houses Thieves Get in
Their Work.
It Is an Old Eastern Trick and Was
Prrcticed Here Two Years Ago
in Big Lodging-!! uses.
The police have been making every ef
fort to capture tbe firebug who has taken
a fancy to set tire to vacant flats, but so
far without success.
Tuesday afternoon he got the key to a
vacant flat at 1-27 Harrison street, and a
few minutes after he returned the place
was discovered to be on fire. The same
thing occurred in a vacant flat at 1329 C1ay
street, Wednesday afternoon. ,
In both cases it was found that pieces of
wood and paper had been piled up in a
closet and set on fire. The flames were
extinguished in both flats before much
damage was done.
The firebug is described as a young man
about 5 teet 8 or 9 inches tall, with a Blight
mustache, of slender build. He wears a
summer suit and has a pleasant way of
talking. In applying for the keys he said
he wanted to look at the flat, as he might
rent it.
The police have been puzzled to imagine
what could be his motive for setting fire
to the flats. It was thought that he might
be crazy on fires and did it just to watch
the house being consumed, and other
theories were advanced.
Fire Marshal Towe has a theory which
has precedents to back it up. He thinks
that the younp. man is a -neaktnief and
sets fire to the flats with plunder in view.
"It is an old Eastern trick," said the
Fire Marshal yesterday, "and has been
piayed here before. The firebug is accom
panied by some of his confederates, who
hover around waiting for developments.
When the fire alarm is sounded— very
often by himself or one of his confeder
ates — women in the neighborhood rush
out of their houses, leaving their front
doors open. Then the firebug and his
confederates sneak into the houses and
steal anything of value they can find.
"I have not heard whether the residents
on Harrison street or Clay street had any
thing stolen from their houses, but I am
satisfied that was the scheme of the young
man in setting fire to the flats.
"Two years ago' there were several fires
in Dig lodging-houses in the early hours
of the morning. Paper and pieces of wood
were piled up in a closet in each instance
and set on fire. When the alarm was
given the lodgers rushed out of their
rooms, and the firebug and his confed
erates, during the excitement, entered the
rooms and stole gold watches, jewelry and
anything else they could conveniently
carry away without being, discovered.
"These fires puzzled us for a time, but
when people reported having lost their
jewelry I came to the conclusion that
some Easterner was playing the trick
here, and I think I was correct, because
after my suspicions on that peint were
given publicity the fires in lodeing-houses
stopped.
"Last winter we were free from such
fires, but now I am afraid the same gang
has started in again, and this time they
have selected vacant flats and the after
noon as the time for setting them on fire,
because the male occupants are at their
business downtown and only the wives
and children, who as a rule like to see a
fire, are at home."
It is noted that the women of the royal
families of Europe are, on the average,
much stronger, mentally and physically,
than the men.
NEW TO-DAY.
p <k 'BOEDEN'S ":}
; PEERLESS
WSS^^i EVAPOEATED
IsiP^EVAPO^ I Equaled by Hone.
PrO^fefc^piaJt/i PREPARED BY
I S^-.aj^r.vc^^ir New York Condensed
'^^gsr— - — -z^/:. r . Milk Co.
fr Just the half the retailer has to add for profit t
and big store expenses. We pride ourselves on ?
having the largest, most complete and most fash- •
ionable stock of Overcoats and Ulsters. Our de- I
signers follow the New York and European fash- jj
ions closely, so our stock is always up to date. v
SPECIAL FOR SATURDAY. g)
11481 BLUE "44" ENGLISH KERSEY OVERCOATS, $7 CA J
long cut, velvet collar; our price . •*" . O\J . s
11338 GRAY IRISH FRIEZE ULSTERS, wool lining C/C Crt
throughout; our price ■..-.•Pvl.tJVf «
All values in Overcoats and Ulsters from $10 to $25. , ;
OPEN PPfci!HiJjl^j x /a
SATURDAY ttWllijfP^ I SAVED |
EVENING- mSmri^^J. ON j
TILL Mr RNECLOTKINQ ii CHILDREN'S I
pll|#^ RETAILED }■ UlliLLillLli 0 |
inn'PTflPir tMMir At Wholesale Prices I PT n r PUT'KTn 'v
10 °' CLUCK. \Sr *, u mm i CLOTHM %
ty OSLY M*LV » BLOCK faOM MAHRtT naiKT I ' I
Microbes
Cause
It
No matter what your disease, it is caused
by those invisible and insidious foes, |
whose existence in such countless forms \
and myriad numbers has been proven by
M. Pasteur and other eminent scientists. :
They are taken into the system in the
food we eat, the water we drink, and the '
air we breathe, and wherever they find a :
weak spot they attack it, and there begins \
the disease.
This discovery of the "Germ Theory of
Disease," important and extraordinary as !
it is, prepared the way for another great J
discovery— cure for ALL DISEASES by j
destroying the Microbes. It is now amply ,
proven that no matter in what form of
disease microbes have attacked the system
Microbe
Killer
Cures
It
By destroying the Microbes that cause the
disease. WM. ' R ADAM'S MICROBE
KILLER is the greatest discovery of the
century, and 'the thousands upon thou-
sands of wonderful cures in every. part of j
the world during the past ten years have
amply proven all its claims as a sure and
prompt exterminator of Microbes in ail
their forms. It is a perfectly harmless
medicine, used internally or externally as
needed.
Consultation Free. All who suffer
should write us or call.
Women who have any, form of Female
Complaint should write for special infor-
mation.
: A fifty-page pamphlet, telling all about
the M. X., sent free.
RADAM'S
Microbe Killer Co.,
1340 Market Street,
San FranciKCO, Cal.
V BRANCHES:- -
•; 406 South Broadway, Los Angelegt Cal.
45 Mary Street, l'asatlena, Cal. ; ,-.
65 SoutH Market Street, Sim Jose, Cal.
V Third ■ and "D Streets, ' Mary s ville,". Cal.
'••360 Morrison Street," Portland. Or.
1010 Front Street, Seattle, Wash.
And of ■AH Dea its. .*• ■■■'■'.■.. :. , ■. ...
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL
ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St. .
. '•"•upiay'.'P-NTixi HIIISIOUI. ;
■I;
■ V,' "PATENTS^ 3
1
rrTTi mTyf T * h nT-'ir--iT t iMfini-WMrtiiMTiiMii^tfiiiiii ■ 1 ft 1 ■ niwih ■ ■ifITTrW
GREAT
*.*4*"*^H>^ i ~''W-
% ©#
OP THE AOE
1 my 111
Which is an external and Internal
remedy without an equal..
NOT I NEW PREPARATION, BUT ONE
. : THAT HAS STOOD THE MI OF OVER
11 QUARTER OF A CENTURY.
Thousands of persons all
over the United States
gratefully praise Dr. Mar-
tin's Pain Curer and are
never without it.
/ — _
The Curer Is free from oil injurious
and poisonous properties, . and is en- •
tirely vegetable in its composition. It
tones up and strengthens the system,
purifies the blood, expels bad matter
from the organs of the' body generally,
. promotes digestion, regulates the appe-
tite and secures a healthy state. of the
system and its various functions. Taken
occasionally as a preventive of disease,
it keeps the mind cheerful and .happy
by promoting healthful action of the
skin, heart, lungs, stomach, pancreas,
bowels, l'«^er, kidneys, bladder, spleen,
spinal co^ina, ana tbe whole nervous
system. .It is also especially always
WOMAN'S FRIEND, and is unequaled
FOR THE PREVENTiOHftND CURE
-OF- .
Rheumatism, "Neuralgia, Fains in
General, Bowel Complaints, Dys-
pepsia, Dysentery, Cholera Mor-
bus. Diphtheria, Sore Throat,
Pneumonia, Diabetes, Nervous
. Complaints, Disease «f the Stom-
ach and Bowels Generally, Liver
Complaints, Kidney Complaints,
Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs,
-Local and General Debility, Head-
ache, Earache, Toothache. . Sick-
ness In Stomach. Backache, Burns,
Swellings, Boils, Sores, "Ulcers,
Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Braises,
- Scalds, Wounds, Costiveuess, In-
digestion, Skin Diseases, Exces-
sive Itt-hings and many other
' complaints too numerous to name
here. In a word, the great Pain
Curer of the Age is an unequaled
family remedy.
Price: 25c, SOc, $ 1 .00 per Bottle,
L." CALLISCH, Wholeoale Agent for
tbe Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal. .
' For . sale by all druggists. ' The ' trade
supplied by Redinston & Co., Mack
- £1 Co. and Langley & Michaels. San -
T Francisco. , ,
STRONG AGAIN
New Lite, New Strength, New Vigor. . ,
THE AMPHROESIC!
From PROFESSOR DR. KICOKDof ; ParU Is ths
only remedy for restoring strength under guaran-.
tee, and will bring back your lost powers aul stop
, forever tt:e dangerous drains ;on «your • system.
They act quickly, create a healthy digestion, pure, *
rich' blood, firm muscles, rung- d strength, stead/
nerves- and clear .-brain. Imported ■ direct from
Paris.- Price per box," directions inclosed, $2 50.,
For sale by a'l respectable druggists. Mailorder]
from any person i shall . receive prompt attention. '
I 1 Agents for Pacific Coast, WALLER ■ BROS.,'
! 33 Grant Avenue, San i'rancisco.
I Weak Men and Women
Sn'ovLu use : d ami a bitteus, the'
O great *: Mexican ; Remedy, ; gives HealUi , and •
> 6tren£Ui to the Sexual Organs.
56
FIUDAY NOVEMBER 20. 1896
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Pally and Sunday Cam, one week, by carrier.. 90.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall . . : 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. . 3.00
Daily and Sunday Cxi:-., three months by mail 1.50
Daily and (Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .- .65
Eunday Call, one year, by mai1.... ............ 1.60
V. icekly Call, one year, by mall.. 1.50
BUSINESS OFFICE :
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Matn-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone M.aln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
8:30 o'clock. .
539 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkla street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
fcW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
£518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 Math street; open until 9 o'clock.
4 Market street, open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE: ■
Rooms 31 and 32, 34 Part Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager. .
' THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Lottery fakers are getting bolder.
The Sacramento airship may have been
an illusion but all the same tbe airship is
coming.
We cannot get back to prosperity all at
once, but we are moving in that direction
Very rapidly.
The flooded districts of the north have
our sympathy, and if they need aid they
can have that also.
The fieht against lottery-dealers should
not be relaxed until the unlawful traffic is
suppressed altogether.
The Wyoming vote was so equally
divided it may be regarded as pie for all
parties and pudding for none.
'It is becoming more evident everyday
that those who wish to bring reforms Into
Turkey wili have to carry them out.
The surest way for the Santa Fe road to
get into liquidation is to make a bee line
tor San f'ranci co and tap the ocean.
If the resident Sacramentan can see an
airship on a quiet night what sort of sights
Tvill the legislator see when he strikes the
town?
Cleveland seems to be naturally blind to
everything except his monetary policy
and obstinately determined to go it blind
on that.
Maritime control of tbe Pacific is one of
the grand destinies of the United States,
and Calilornia should take the lead in its
realization.
If a better revenue measure is to be
enacted this winter it should provide for
protective duties on sugar, as well as on
wool and lumber.
The Santa Fe system nas the consolation
of knowing it has receivers enough to re
ceive business if any of it should happen
to come thai way.
Don't expect prosperity to come back
with a boom. After the long depression
it will take the country some time to at
tain a full recovery.
Don't forget during the holidays to send
California dainties and novelties to your
Eastern friends and help advertise the
products of the State.
Under the law Mr. Hanna and Mr. Bliss
are not eligible for the office of Secretary
of the (Treasury, and the Cabinet makers
Will have to cuess again.
The success of Spain in floating a new
war loan among her own people shows
that poor as they are they have money to
burn when they get their mad up.
It is believed in New England that Sewall
got enough advertising in business out of
the campaien to pay him for his expenses
in the canvass and is now willing to call it
square.
The charges aeainst Inspector Dockery
are such as every zealous officer must ex
pect to face. It is impossible to go straight
ahead in any direction without meeting op
position somewhere.
The Poprjlist candidate for Governor in
Maine on the fusion ticket in the recent
election has gone back to tbe middle of
the road with a determination to make it
a warpath for Democrats.
Tbe dangerous factor in the Cuban
problem is the Spanish character. If Wey
ler should fail in his present attempt to
hunt Maceo from the hills there is no tell
ing what desperate step may be taken next.
One of the results of the war in Cuba has
been the increase oi the sugar industry
elsewhere, and when the Cubans return to
work again they will find the market for
their crops has been taken by other people.
«
Cabinet making by newspapers may do
as a pastime for the holidays but some of
our Eastern contemporaries are carrying
it to the verge of a craze and might profit
ably turn their attention to chrysanthe
mums for a while.
The fight between San Pedro and Santa
Mouica will be fought to a finish this time,
and the one consoling feature in it is that
no matter which wins the work of con
struction will begin at once and California
will get a new harbor.
All the larger cities in the South show
Republican gains in the recent election,
and tbe fact seems to furnish unmistak
able evidence that the centers of intelli
gence in that section are beginning to
understand their welfare as well as that of
txie rest of tbe country depends on Repub
lican legislation.
The charge has been frequently made
in politics that wheat speculators control
the price of wheat to the injury of the pro
ducer, but has hitherto been ridiculed.
Now, however, it has been made the basis
of a lawsuit, and we shall have evidence
on the subject that will carry weight with
fair minds, and perhaps the charge may
be proven after all.
' It should be remembered that the Ding
ley bill of last winter was killed by a vote
of the Senate striking out all but the en
acting clause and substituting a silver
measure in place of it. What is being
advocated now is the passage of a measnre
similar to that bill, and designed, like it,
to provide an adequate revenue for the
Government until a thorough system of
protection can be put into effect.
REED'S APPEAL.
In a short address delivered to the
Duluth Board of Trade on Wednesday
Speaker Reed made an appeal which
snould find a response throughout the
whole country. Spoken in a small city it
nevertheless concerns tho welfare of all
the people and should receivo the atten
tive consideration of Boards of Trado and
Chambers of Commerce everywhere.
Mr. Reed said: '-There is one thing to
which I wish to call your attention. With
the revenues of the Nation running from
$30,000,000 to $50,000, C00 annunlly below its
expenses we can never expect to hold up
our heads among the solvent nations. A
bill was introduced in Congress wnich did
not affect the tariff issue at all, but was
only to raise revenue. 1 appeal to you as
business men to investigate this matter
and create a sentiment which will result
in the passage of a similar bill."
The Chamber of Commerce of San Fran
cisco could well afford to give some atten
tion to this appeal. Interviews with Con
gressmen of all parties, published since
tho election, make it evident that it is
stiJl doubtful whether the revenue bill to
which Mr. Reed referred can be'enacted at
this session. The' matter should 'not bo
left wholly to politicians. Every intelli
gent man knows that we need a larger
revenue, and there ought therefore to be a
universal dsmaud for it.
Mr. Reed's suggestion that boards of
trade and business men generally should
endeavor to create a popular sentiment in
favor of the passage of the bill is in the
truest sense of the word timely. The very
fact that he made such an appeal shows
that he believes it to be needed and hopes
that it will be effective. Certainly the
issue is of suflicient importance to make
the attempt worth trying, and the Cham
ber of Commerce in this City could not
direct its energies to a better purpose.
It must be borne in mind that the Ding
ley bill spoken of was not a party measure.
As Mr. Reed said, it did not affect the
tariff question at all. That is to say, it
did not affect the disputed point be
tween free trade and protection. It was
purely and simply a revenue measure,
designed for the sole purpose of putting
an end to the deficit. To urge its passage,
tnerefore, would not be carrying party
politics into commercial bodies.
Moreover, it will be noted the speaker
did not suggest the revival of the Dingley
bill itself, but only the adoption of some
measure of the kind. The former bill was
not perfect, and a new measure would
undoubtedly improve on it to the extent,
at least, of providing for the sugar indus
try as weil as for wool and lumber.
Taking all things into consideration,
this appeal from the Speaker of the House
ought to receive the well-nigh unanimous
support of business men. It is certainly
a shameful condition of affairs that a
country so rich as ours should be running
into debt every year. It is to be regretted
that Congress cannot be relied upon to
enact so necessary a measure without
being pushed to it by popular demand,
but it is useless to indulge la such regrets.
Speaker Reed evidently believes that the
demand is necessary to obtain the act,
and it should therefore be forthcoming
from all the States in the Union, and from
every commercial body which under
stands the importance of the measure and
represents the trade and industries of the
people.
THE CUBAN CRISIS.
The affairs of Cuba continne to be the
most interesting feature of our foreign re
lations. It is evident that a crisis has
been reached in the war, and there are not
wanting signs that before long this coun
try may be drawn or forced into some
kind of interference in its conduct.
Spain is putting forth wnat seems to be
a final effort to crush the insurrection.
She has recently sent large re-enforce
ments into Cuba, has raised a new war
loan from her people, and shows in every
way a determination to Dring the war to
a swift conclusion.
If General Weyler succeeds in entrap
ping Maceo and crushing his force to
pieceß, the present war will be brought to
a conclusion, and the island will then en
ter upon another period of sullen quies
cence which will last until the Cubans feel
strong enough to renew the contest. In
that case tbe United States would not be
directly affected, and nothing more would
be aroused than our sympathies with the
conquered and oppressed people of the
island.
If, on the other hand, Weyler should
fail, there would arise the serious question
of what Spain would do next. It is clear
th*t me Ministry conid not bold office for
a moment if it should agree to make any
terms for recopnizing the independence
of Cuba. The temper of the Spanish peo
ple would not permit any wise, calm and
statesmanlike policy to be pursued at
such a juncture. The defeat of General
Weyler, therefore, would be almost sure
to bring about some desperate action on
the part of tbe Spanish Ministers, and
there are serious reasons for believing that
I they would not hesitate to embroil the
United States in war in order to find a
means of excusing themselves for their
failure in Cuba.
It is this aspect of the war that makes
the outlook serious for the United States.
Our Government has certainly given Spain
no just reason for complaint. The Cleve
land administration cannot be charged
with any undue sympathy for the Cubans.
It has, on the contrary, been so stern in
enforcing the law against filibusters that
there have been times wnen it seemed in
clined to aid Spain in suppressing Cuban
independence. Therefore if the Spanish
Government should make any claims or
demands upon the United States it would
find Congress in no mood nor humor to
listen to them, and there might be. an out
break of hostilities in spite of the seeminc
improbability of such an event.
It is for these reasons the American peo
ple take such great interest in the advance
of General Weyler. It is everywhere felt
that the critical moment has come. There
is little prospect of Weyler's success, and
it seems evident that tbe time is ap
proaching for Spain to make her last
despairing stroke. Whether it will be at
us or not is a question no man can answer.
It is well, therefore, that the people watch
tbe course of events with eagerness, and
the Government should make every effort
to put its harbors and navy in the best
condition possible for the chance of sud
den war.
SPECULATORS AND PRICES.
The charge has been frequently made
in politics that speculators in the stoct
markets control the prices of staple prod
ucts to snch an extent that they are able
to depress them while the crops are still
in the hands of the producer and raise
them after the crops have passed into the
hands of the dealers in the exchange.
Notwithstanding the frequency with
which these charges have been iterated,
they have hitherto received comparative^'
little attention from the general public.
It has been the prevailing belief that a
stock exchange did no more than regibter
the rise and fall of prices. This view
seems so ffrmly fonnded upon the estab
lished laws of commerce that no argument
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1896.
on the other side had any effect in dis
turbing it in the miuds of the great mass
of the people.
The ch|rge, however, has now been
transferred from politics to law and from
the stump to tne courts. In the elevator
controversy now being tried before Judee
Tuley in Chicago, one of the attorneys
has advanced the proposition that the big
j elevator mpn of that city were responsible
for the oppression of the wheat market
in the Jast few years, and ho claims to have
evidence to prove the charge.
The case will be watched with consider
j able interest to see what evidence is forth
coming on this point. On the face it
hardly seems possible that any combina
tion of men could be powerful enough to
; affect the price of an article of which the
j output is so large as that of wheat. Nev
ertheless, when a reputable attorney comes
into court with a claim that he can prove
a certain state of things to be true, the
; incredulity of fair-minded men must give
way to a determination to review the case
on its merits and weigh the evidence with
impartial justice.
if the attorney comes anywhere near
proving his charges, the result will have
much to do with thedeterminationof bills
before Congress prohibiting the specula
tion in what are called "futures" of staple
products. We may be sure, therefore,
that the question will receive close atten
tion from a large number of interested
persons, and it seems likely that this
much-di»puted point will soon be cleared
up by the formalion of a definite and well
grounded opinion on one side or the other.
LOTTERIES REVIVING.
The crusaae waged against lotteries in
this City diminished the cvii but did not
crush it. For a time the dealers in that
unlawful traffic were frightened into
dropping it or forced to carry it on with
a degree of caution which rendered it
comparatively harmless. The fright,
however, seems to have passed away to
*ome extent, and the fakers are becoming
bold again.
So lone as newspapers of general circu
lation publish the advertisements of these
swindling schemes and announce the
drawing of alleged prizes it will not be
possible to eradicate the evil altogether;
but if the efforts of the police be backed
up by a resolute public opinion and well
aided by the better clas3 of citizens it can
be reduced to conditions far less harmful
than it is now.
The Call appeals to all law-abiding
citizens to give an active aid to the police
in the task of suppressing the swindlers.
! These fakers rob tne people by their
| fraudulent schemes of large sums of
• money every year. The gold-brick swin
, die is as nothing to the lottery swindle in
I the extent of its deception and the nurn
i ber of its victims. It has been shown t>y
the poiice over and over again that most
of the so-calleti lottery companies whose
tickets are sold here have no drawings at
all, and worse still, many of the so-called
! tickets aro forgeries. This is reducing the
practice of getting money under false pre
tenses to tlie extreme limit and a man
would derive more profit from throwing
i his money into the sea than from buying
lottery ticKets with it.
An evil so insidious as that of the lot
tery sharpers cannot be effectually coped
with by the police alone. The officers
require the aid of citizens in getting evi
dence to convict offenders, and that aid
should be cordially given. A further
effort, moreover, should be made to pre
vent the publication of lottery advertising
in the newspapers. If that reform could
te effected the task of suppressing the
evil altogether would be made much
easier, since the enticements of the sharp
ers would no longer be spread before the
public and In the home, and there would
be too little prolit in the trade for them to
venture upon the risk of detection and
punishment.
THE MINERS' BATTLE.
The statement published in The Call
yesterday of J. i\ Halloran, general man
ager of the Mining and Scientific Press of
this City, was an able and lucid presenta
tion of the claims of the mining industry
upon the National Government and its
right to a representative in the Cabinet.
The statement has more tban a transitory
value and should be reproduced by the
press throughout the mining States.
Mr. Halloran points out that at the
present time there is not to be found in
Washington even so much as a responsi
ble clerk to represent the mining industry,
and as a consequence it is almost impossi
ble to get from the Government a reliable
interpretation of the mining laws. The
Secretary of the Interior will construe a
disputed point one way and the Land
Commissioner will construe it another.
The United States Government has
done less for mining than for any other
great industry, and, as Mr. Halloran
points out, we are in this respect behind
otter civilized nations. In Great Britain,
France, Germany and Russia there are
Government departments of mines and
ministers of mining whose business it is
to look out for the industry and promote
its advancement. Our Government could
well afforri to follow that example, for the
United Stales owes more to mines and
can expect more from them than any
other nation on earth.
Like every one else who has given the
subject serions consideration, Mr. Hal-
loran sees that the appointment of a Sec
retary of Mines is not to be easily ob
tained. Nevertheless, as ho says, the
horizon of the future widens. The devel
opment of the United States requires an
increasing governmental supervision. The
Cabinet in the end must be enlarged, and
it is none too early to enlarge it now for
the promotion of mining.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Marcus A. Hanna owns a little pineapple
patch in Dade Country, Florida, which he
loves to visit.
At Eton Lord Rosebery's— then Dalmeny's
favorite reading was composed oi political re
ports and pamphlets.
An effort is being made in Great Britain to
raise f 12,500 for D. L. Moody's 6chooi for boys
in Mount Ilermon, Mass.
William Potter, ex-Minlster from the United
Btates to Italy, has been elected president of
Jefferson Medical College and Hospital of
Philadelphia.
The London Daily Telegraph contradicts the
rumor that Dr. Jameson and his companions
in Holloway Prison are to be released owing
to failing health.
Jules Verne is threatened ; with a libel suit
by a French gentleman, who thinks he recog
nizes his own portrait in one of Verne's vil
lainous characters.
The Sultan has decorated Sidney Whitman,
correspondent of the New York Herald, with
the second class of the O-mtuilte order, and
Mrs. Whitman with the Chefekat order.
A letter from his manager tells a correspon
dent that Sims Heaves has achieved great suc
cess in South Africa. The tour is consequently
to be extended to Australia or New Zealand,
and possibly to America.
One of the younger Rothschilds, on her mar
riage to M. Maurice Epiirussi, insisted on
having her two terriers among the wedding
party. They were both clad for the occasion
in appropriate wedding garments.
Letters From the People.
FAIR'S PENCIL WILL.
What It Should Teach People About the
of Howry.
' EdiUr San Fianetico Call— Sir : It is with un
feigned .satisfaction, but not with surprise,
that I read in the leading editorial of The
Call this morning on "Currency Reform"
that ># it Is evident that one of the issues which
will be forced upon the attention of the next
Congress will be that of reforming our system
of currency," and that "the new issue will
differ from that which was appealed to the
people in the last campaign, inasmuch as it
wiil affect paper money rather than coin";
also that "the chances are thnt it wili form
the dominant issue in our politics for some
time to come. " I desire to add the single com
ment that it was In fact the dominant but
concealed issue on ihepartof the conserva
tive interests in the recent campaign, as I
stated at the opening of the campaign in a
"letter ' on the "lour money planks," though
the silver issue was t/nwise'ly, as I believe,
made paramount by the "reform forces."
Now, since paper money rather than coin Is
to be the issue in our politics tor some time to
come, would it not be a good thing for us all
to try to get at a true and really scientific
understanding of the nature of money, sc as
better to judge whether it should be issued by
the Government or by the so-called Nationul
banks? I assume that we can all come to a
study of this now dominant issue as American
citizens who desire the best form of money for
the common good of our country and the
general convenience of the public. I offer
these suggestions in that non-partisan spirit.
There are two fundamental conceptions now
fixed in the public mind as to tUe nature of
money. Our gold $5 piece has on it these
words: "United States of America; Five D."
and the figure of the eagle. On he other face,
surrounded by stars, is the symbolic head ot
"Liberty," as Indicated by words also on the
brow, with the date below the head. That is
all, and that piece of gold is $5. That is one
conception of money, though but few people
in thu whole Nation ever see the $5 piece.
They are accustomed to use the $5 ' -note," as
it is named, which is to be "redeemed" with
the metal money ii desired, but as a matter of
fact is never so redeemed in a lifetime by any
one except those who deal in monoy as a trade
or occupation, whom we call bankers. Now,
did it ever occur to the reader that the paper
money is just as good for all people ex
cept those who deal in money as a trade, a
very small part of the whole population, as the
metal money which the great mass of the
people never handle during all their lives? If
not, why not?
The now celebrated "pencil will" of the late
Senator Fair illustrates to my mind the true
nature of paper money, as do also his "p-'ncil
deeds." So much lead In & lead pencil as is
necessary to trace n few lines on a small piece
of paper, both worth the hundredth part of
one cent, will convey the title to millions of
dollars in Droperty or in money and upset all
other wills made with all due lormality. The
law does it all. The law makes his will or
wi^h so expressed all-powerful. His deed does
the same. The law maKes it so. A deed to a
lot worth $5 or $5000 conveys that property
just the same In either case, and in the same
way. In the same sense a $5 greenback con- I
veys just that amount to the holder of all
Uncle Sam's prODerty. and his word is pledged,
with his urmyand navy and the unlimited
taxing power of his Congress, to make his
word good. In a word, the Government paper j
money is the will or deed of Uncle Sam which
conveys all the gold and silver, oil the mer
chandise, ail the factories, all the railroads, all
the ships, all the farm*, all the wh?at and cot
tcn, and the cattle upon a thousand hills, to
the holder of that paper money, so far as the
face value of that paper money calls for it.
A $5 greenback is a title deed to an undi
vided interest in all the property protected by
the stars and stripes, including the gold and
silver of all theShyiocks in the land; just as
a Government bond is s mortgage upon all
snch property. In fact, a greenback is a bond
bearing no interest and a bond is a greenback
bearing interest, and both are made good by
the same Dronme secured by the same prop
erty, the same army and navy, the same Con
gress, and the same people with their valor
and their lives. All that upholds the flag is
committed to tne defense of the greenback as
well as to the bond. Bonds are better than
sold, and all the gold itself, as well as all
other property, is pledged to make the bond
good, and just so, too, t<» m*ke Government
money pood. Joseph Asbury Johnson.
San Francisco. Nov. 19, 1896.
IF ONLY THE DREAMS ABIDE.
If the thing* of earth must pass 
lAke the dews upon the grais, -
Like the mNtB that break and run ,
At the forward sweep or tbe sun,
I shall be satisfied
If oiily the dreams abide.
Kay, I would not be shorn
Of cold from the mines of morn;
I would iiot be bereft
Oft! c last blue Mower In the cleft,
Of the haze thai haunt* the hills.
Of the moon that the midnight fills.
hull would I know the grace
On love'it uplifted face.
And the glow, sweet joy -dawn then - .
TJ rider the dusk of h-r hair. ■'»■•;
1 pray thee, spare me, Fate. ■
The woful, wearying weight
Of a heart that feels no pain
At the sob of the autumn rain,
And takes no breath of glee '
From the organ-surge of the sea— .
Of a mind where memory broods
Over Bon«le<M solitudes; .
I shah be satisfied
If only the dreams abide.
—Clinton sjcollard In Century.
AN AERIAL TORPEDO-BOAT.
A new war machine has been offered to the
Cubans. The aerial torpedo boat has three
immense cylinders filled with hydrogen gas.
They support a car shaped like the hull of a
The Aerial Torpedo-Boat in Action
canoe. The cabin can contain several opera
tors, and will have a small engine, revolving
two propeilors. The cylinders are telescopic,
so that their buoyancy can be repuiated. It
is expected to attain a speed of 100 miles an
hour. The cabin will be loaded with dynamite
torpedoes, to be dropped on the enemy's war
ships or camps.
THE ELECTORAL COLLEGE.
Ak Explanation or the Final Act in thi
Presidential Campaign.
Chicago Times- Herald. .
Our Presidential electoral system is a great
stumbling block to thousands of voters who
have never studied l!, and it would probably
surprise a great many people to tell them that
neither Major, McKinley nor any else is as yet
elected President of the United . States, Yet
such is the fact.' The actual Presidential elec
tion will not take place until the second Mon
day of January next. \ '
; Whom, then, did tho people vote for at the
recent election? ; They voted for electors, who
are State officers to whom is confided the duty
of electing a • President i and Vice-President.
These electors do not assemble together in one
large National gathering and there cast their
votes for the candidates of their choice, but
each body of : the State ■ electors < meets • at its
own State capital on s the second Monday of
January succeeding ; the < November : election
and votes by ballot lor President and l- Vice-
Presldent. Three certificates of the ballot are
made, one directed to the Governor of the
Mate, another forwarded by mail. to the Vice-
President of tne United States at Washington
President '*** by messen Ber lo the Vice
' On the following second Wednesday in Feb
runrythe Vlce-President, in the presence of
the Senate and ' House *of Representatives
jointly ; assembled,-* opens these ; certificates,
and, tellers being appointed, the -state of the
Tote Is announced. Without further declara
tion the candidates having a majority of the
electoral votea for President and Vice-Presi
dent become entitled to these offices on the
following 4:h of March.
It was the intention of the freiners of the
constitution that the electors should have
fuli power to elect whomsoever they pleased,
but since the formation of parties,. "they have
never exercised that discretion, but have
voted for the candidates the people designated
beiorehand.
The term "college," as applied to the elec
tors, is not used lv the constitution, but being
convenieut it first came into use to designate
the State electors, as, for instance, the "elec
toral coilegc" of Illinois. In recent years the
term has been extended to mean the whole
body of electors in all the States. Strictly
speaking, there are forty-five electoral colleges,
each independent of all the rest, and each vot
ing on the day appointed in its own State.
PERSONAL.
Faithfull Begg of London is in town.
E. M. Murray of Los Angeles is in the City.
David R. Kemp of London is at the Palace.
George B. A. McNaire of Mexico is at the
Palace.
H. N\ R. Vail of Santa BarDara is among the
arrivals here.
W. Ingersoll of New York was among yester
day's arrivals.
G, H. Vau Houten, a business man of Port
land, is at the Grand.
Philip J. Lonergan, a mfninic man ot Denver,
Colo., is a late arrival here.
Sidney Wakeflela of Fresno is at the Cosmo
politan Hotel on a short visit.
Captain A. A. Polrjemus, the old-time navi
gator, ot San Diego, is at the Grand.
Mark Foy. one of the great merchants of
Sydney, Australia, arrived here yesterday.
E.W.Adams and wife are down from Sac
ramento and are at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
R. F. Davidson, a Chico wheat-grower, is
■pending a few days at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
W.Davis, a wealthy resident of Victoria,
Australia, is at the California, accompanied
by Mrs. Davis.
J. E. Heartly and wife, old residents of Win
ters, are among the latest arrivals at tho Cos
mopolitan Hotel.
J. Martin Delbridge of Sydney, Australia,
manager of & refriferated meat importing
company, is in the City.
A. Goldwater, an attorney of New Zealand,
Who is en route to Los Angeles to try an im
portant case, is at the California.
Professor A. P. W. Thomas of Auckland, N. Z.,
was among the arrivals by the steamer Ala
meda. He is on his way to the East and Eu
rope.
General H. L. Mills of the English army ar
rived on the Alameda yesterday. He is on his
way to his home at Manchester, where a large
fortune awaits him.
Ciiptain Sterling of the American ship Patri
cian, which was abandoned as she was sinking
on the Australian coast, is in the City. He
was rescued from the ship with great danger.
Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Brewer returned here on
the Alameda from Sydney yesterday. They
have been visiting their son-in-law, Consul-
General Muratta, and his family in Sydney.
Mr. and Mrß. Brewer will put in the winter in
FlorlJa and return to their heme in Boston in
the spring.
J. R. Colis, who is engaged extensively in
merchandising at Yass, New South Wales,
where he owns large storas, is at the Califor
nia. He is accompanied by Mrs. Colls. They
came over exDressly to spend two weeks or
thereabouts iv California and will return on
the Alameda.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N\ V.. Xov. 19.— At the Plaza,
C. Seldeu ; Holland, D. K. Pischal; Gerlach,
W. Hubbard ; Belvedere, D. and S. Livingstone.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY
"Duffington is not going into society this
winter."
"Why not?"
. "He had to sell bis dress suit to help out on
his election Chicago Record. .
Monkey— Why are all ot you fellows so down
in the mouth
Elephant— you see, we were playing
football. The ostrich was fullback and kicked |
our ball clean out of sight.— New York Herald. I
Gazway— Speaking of the world being round,
there's one thing that bothers me.
Jizney— What's that ?
Gazway— lf it's true that it's round, how Is it
possible for it to come to an Roxbury
Gazette. , ' \
 "Do you think that druggist is really de
ranged?".
"Yes, crazy as a bicycle-rider. He sold me
a nickel's worth of peppermint and didn't
stick his own label over the one already on the
bottle." — Chicago Record.
"Well." remarked the wife of the man who
has changed his mind about coming to Con
gress, "you have a clear conscience, anyhow."
"I know that," was the comfortless repiy,
"but a clear conscience isn't What I was run
ning — Washington Star.
She was an intensely romantic girl. '
Her soul was ever occupied with yearnings
for the unattainable.
Why, she hadn't been in the railway car ten
minutes before she wanted the window
! opened.— Detroit Tribune.
Cresson— l thought you were going to \ Bend ]
your boy to college?
Eportley— That was my intention; but I find i
he 'is too weak physically to play football.—
Philadelphia North American. .
\ "Now, Johnny, what iis the meaning of the
word 'hypocrisy?".' asked a Texas Sunday
school teacher of her favorite pupil, Johnny
Chaffie.
"I can't explain what it is, but I know Just
the same." ■ ,
"Give me an example of hypocrisy."
"When a fellow says ne loves the Sunday
school teacher— that's hypocrisy."— Texas Sift
ings. *
"Wonderful man." '.' ;. ?h
"What is there so wonderful about him V
"Why, he has a prize dog."
"Yes?" :; .
"And he has a record of talking about It for
fifteen minutes without lying."— Chicago Post.
Mrs. Gushington— Ah, my poor dear. I'm so
sorry for you. The news of your husband's
death shocked me terribly. Did he leave any
thing? I
Mrs. Snively— had his life insured for
$25,000. { r_
Mrs. Gushington— Oh, let me congratulate
you.— Cleveland Leader. •
Strong hoarhound candy, 15c. Townsend's.*
'•'' — — • — '*.'*'» -' .
Eyeglasses, 15c up. (Sundays 740 Market,
Kast's shoestore.) weekdays 65 4th,nxt bakery*
•—• — « — •
Special information daily to manufacturari.
business ' houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's); 510 Montgomery. *
« » »
Husband's Calcined Magnesia — Four first
premium medals awarded ; | more . agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other magne
sia. For rale only in bottles with registered
trade-mark label. - - •
State Mining Journal.
James J. Robblns, editor, 628 Montgomery
street. Reaches every mining camp in Cali
fornia. Contains: "A Golden Age," "The
Minera' Convention," "Water for Spring Val
ley," and other articles of interest. •
"What is the weather prediction this morn
ing?" inquired Mr. Chug water.
" 'Fair and warmer,'" replied Mrs. C.
Mr. Chugwater hobbled to the back door as
fast as his rheumatism would permit and called
to tho carpenter who was waiting on the out
side:
"Put the shiagles back in the woodshed,
Hiram. We can't put that new roof on the kit
chen to-day."
"Mr*. Wlnalow'g >oothl» g Syrup"
' Has ■ been , used I over flf:y~ ?; years by millions of •
mothers for their children whl'e Teething with per
fect success. It soothes child, softens ihe gums,
allays Fain, cures Wind Colic, regulates lie Bowels
■ and is the beat remedy for Dlarrhcoas, whether aris
ing lrotn tee.blng or other causes, ior sale by drag
gists In every part of the world. Be mire and ask
f for Mrs. Window's toothing Syrup.'. 25c » bottle.'
'■■'^"■^"K •—• — * — .' -•• — _ - ; . ■ -
( Thi ' first ; pray h air should be a warning! that
the scalp needs the strengthening applications of
Ajer's Hair ,Vlcor.\ Don't delay.
THE BUSINESS REVIVAL
McKinlcv's election has been followed by an
industrial tidal-wave throughout the Birming
ham (Ala.) district.— Philadelphia Press.
The evidence, daily multiplied, of the re
turning tide of prosperity is a source of deep
discontent to many a free-suver howler in the
land.— Kansas City Journal.
The prosperity, the revival of trade and in
dustry which has come as a consequence of
the election, is welcomed without any division
made by the political campaign. Its blessing
is for everybody. — New York Suu.
It is a good time now to go to work and
make money. The mills are running, trade
flourishes, our exports are far beyond expec
tation, gold continues to come our way, money
is plentiful and confidence is completely re
stored.—New York World.
It was not at all a bad thing to call Major
McKinley "Prosperity's Advance Agent" It
seems, in fact, to have been an uncommonly
good fit, if we may judge by the number of
factories and works of all kinds that nave
started up since the election.— New York
Tribune.
It would require a whole page of fine print
to record the factories and workshops which
have started up or gone on to longer working
time since the election. The number of men
thus gaining employment rises already well
above 100,000, and is still mounting up.—
Springfield Republican.
The opponents of iound money found no
difficulty in proving to their own satisfaction
that the hard times oi the past three years
were due to the demonetization of silver. But
the suaden revival of business after the defeat
of the silverites is a puzzler for their twistiest
casuists.— Philadelpnia Record.
The starting up of the great workshops is of
course only one thing necessary to the solu
tion of the country's difficulties. But it Is a
very important thing, and who shall say that,
with such a beginning, the sound money
triumph will not bring about everything that
has been promised in its name?— Washington
Star.
LADY'S TEA GOWN
An exquisitely dainty gown of yellow crepon
was made with front and sleeve capes of
pleated Liberty silk of the same shade,
trimmed with bands of white lace.
A gown of white challis having violets
strewn over it had the front of vio'.et crepe de
chine trimmed with bands of white lace.
A wise woman who invested in a silk of
good quality but which was reduced in price
on account of the passe pattern, had an ele
gant gown at small eipense. It was a Per
sian silk, witn front and pipings of red silk
crepe.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
English and American Justice— k. H. M.,
City, it is generally admitted that the ad
ministration of criminal justice in England is
much severer than it is in the United States,
and that the magistrates are stricter
in the administration ol criminal law.
Tne statement that "cruelty to seamen
is practiced solely on board of Brit
ish vessels by British officers" is a very wide
statement that is not borne out by the record.
It is to be regretted that cruelty has been
practiced on board of American ships by
American officers.
Rkvenue— Reader, City. During the first
six months of the operation of the Wilson-
Gorman law the receipts were $134,854,969,
and during the first six months of the MoKin
iey bill the receipts were $199,1i:0,977. Dur
ing the first nineteen months oi the operation
of the Wilson-Gorman tariff the receipts were
$481,423,501, while under the McKinley tariff,
during the first nineteen months the receipts
were $556,914,004. The McKinley nineteen
months showed a surplus of $24,983,221 over
the expenses, while tne Wiison-Gorman nine
teen months showed a deficit of $76,157,884.
AN ALIEN'S Wife-A. W., Ophir, Utah. The
laws of the United States declare that the
wife of an alien (she being an alien) becomes
! an American citizen when tier husband, by
! naturalization, becomes a citizen of the
i United States. The fact that her husband
: dies and she subsequently marries a foreigner
does not, so long as she resides in the United
States, alter her status as a citizen. A v/nman
oi English birth, who became a citizen by
virtue of her husband's 1 naturalization, if
she married again, and the second time to a
foreigner, would be entitled, were she living
in a State where women are entitled to vote,
j to register and cast a ballot.
To Polish Seashell— P. 8., City. The sur
face of the shell should be first cleaned by rub
bing it with a rag dipped in hydrochloric
acid until the outer dull covering of the shell
is removed. It must then be washed'in warm
water, dried in hot sawdust and polished with
chamois leather. Those shells which are des
titute of a natural polished surface may be
either varnished or rubbed with a mixture of
tripoli powder and turpentine applied by
means of a piece of wash leather, after which
fine tripoli should be used and then a little
olive oil well rubbed in, and finally the surface
should be well rubbed with a piece of chamois
leather. The hands should be protected from
contact with the acid.
Hyde Park Riots— L. B. and H., City. The
riots in Hyde Park, London, Eng., occurred on
the 18th and 19th of October, 1887. There
had been considerable trouble with the unem
ployed in London for some time prior to the
dates named, and there had been a riot of
some magnitude at Trafalgar square. On the
18th ol October a large number of un
employed gathered in Hyde Park ior
a demonstration, and the authorities
believing that mischief was meant, ordered
the police to clear the Dark. The mounted po
lice rode into the crowd, when a collision oc
curred, and after a sharp conflict the police
were driven back. The police, iearing that an
attack would be made on the snops in the^
vicinity of the park, closed the gates, locking
the crowd in. In the wild scramble to get out
a large number of people were trampled under
foot and injured.
MrtrWA — Counts' Precinct, Mendocino
County, C»l. "Militia" embraces the whole
body of men declared by law amenable to
military service without enlistment, whether
armed and drilled or not; also* body of men
enrolled and drilled according to military law
ns an armed force, but not as regular soldiers,
and called out In emergency for actual service
and periodically for drill and exercise; mili
tia is a name given to organized soldiery of
some parts of the United States. In Cali
fornia the militia is called the Na
tional Guard. Every able-bodied inhabi
tant ot this State (California) between the
ages of 18 and 45, not exempt by law, is sub
ject to military duty; but no alien is obliged
to ferve or bear arms against the State to
which his ailegianc* Is uuo. Those exempt
from such duty are: Ministers, civil and mili
tary officers of the United States, officers of
foreign States, civil officers of the State of
California and all persons exempt from mili
tary duty by the laws of the United States.
Every person between toe ae«s of 18 anil 45
joining the National Guard must take an oath
to support the constitution of tho United
States and that o! the State of California.
Queen Elizabeth and Ralkigh —E. 8.,
Berkeley, Cal. This correspondent asks: "Can
you inform me as to the verse said to have
been written by Queen Elizabeth of England
to Sir Walter Raleigh? The tradition runs
that she scratched It on a window-pane with a
diamond during the time of Raleigh's confine
ment in prison. It is also said that he made
answer, can you inform me what his answer
was?" The correspondent is a little mixed in
his history, Tr was uot until after the death
of Elizabeth that Raleigh was thrown Into
prison. It was he who scratched a line on a
pane of glass and it was the Queen who com-
Dieted the couplet. The narration is found in
chapter xvil of "Kenilwortb, " by Sir Walter
Scott, as follows:
The Queen approached the window on which
Kaieigh had used her gift to Inscribe the following
''* " would I climb, but that I fear to fall." ,
■J,?S ecn smiled and read it twice over, once
with deliberation to Lady Paget and once again to
nersei,. "It Is a pretty beginning," she said after
tne consideration of a moment or two; "but me
Mimics the muse hath deserted the young wit, at
the very outset of his task. It were good natured,
were it not. Lady Paeet, to complete it for him?
Tr / your rhyming faculties."
i,ao\v Faget. prosaic from her cradle upward, as
an> of the ladies of the bedchamber before her or
the you c P oet*' mCd *" ******** of assisting
seir' a^.d h KIi Z abe«u ÜBt BaCMfiCe t0 the mUSM ° Ur "
ft hiT" ,aM cn S H of no one can be -more accept.
?mL, » ■ -h^' V rr M get ' " an(l your highness will
impose such obligation, on the ladles of Pumas
r w i US i 1 ' Pajtet," said the Qneen, "yon speak sac
rilege against the immortal nine. Yet. virgins
themselves, they should not be exorable to a S vir'
gin Queen, and therefore-let me see how runs his
verse — .-,
_ -Fain would I climb, but that I fear to fall.'
Might not the answer, for fault of a better, run
thus:
If thy mind fail thee, do not climb at all "
The maul of honor uttered an exclamation ol
joy and surprise at so happy a termination- and
certainly a worse has been applauded, even when
coming- from a leas distinguished author
The Que n. thus encouraeed, too* off a diamond
tin«, and saying, "We will eive this K ailam some
cause of marvel when he rinds bis couplet per
fected withoat his own interference " «ne wrote
her own line beneath that of Kalelgh.
HAD BLACK GOVERNORS.
A Curious Piece of Connecticut History
Known to Few People.
A book little known even to collectors
of Americana is a volume entitled "Hart
ford in the Olden Time; Its First Thirty
Years," by Scaeva, which was edited by
"VV. M. B. Hartley and published at Hart
ford in 1853. There is a chapter in thia
book entitled "The Black Governors oi
Connecticut," the very title of which will
excite the surprise of most intelligent
people, even in Connecticut, who have
never heard of any black Governors in
the Nutmeg State— except the Governors
of an opposite political faith, who were, of
course, politically black. The title, how
ever, is explained and justified by a little
explanation.
Before the revolution and down to a
period as late as 1820, it was the custom
lor the negroes living in the State to hold
an election on the Saturday succeeding
the regular election day, choosing one of
their number as Governor. Sometimes,
however, no election was held, the retir
ing Governor assigning his otfico to
another. The man chosen in either case
was usually "of imposing presence,
strength, firmness and volubility, quick
to decide, ready to command ana quick to
flog." He appointed a staff of military
and judicial officers who executed his
orders in all matters pertaining to colored
people, especially questions pertaining to
morals, manners and ceremonies.
The fact that he had no legal status in
the province or State did not at all trouble
him or hi 3 subjects, and he appears to
have exercised a very real power, nearly
always on the side of morality and justice.
The Justices of the Peace appointed by
these black Governors were, as a rule, ex
tremely severe in punishing people of
their own color who transgressed the law.
So generally was this recognized by the
whites in colonial times that when a slave
committed some offense it was the custom
to turn him over to the black Justice for
punishment. Such a culprit always fared
much worse than it he had been tried by
the regular courts.
Among the more notable colored men
who held the office of Governor were
Quaw, a negro belonging to Colonel George
Wyllys; Peleg Nott, who belonged to Col
onei Jeremiah Wadsworth ; Boston, be
•longing to Mr. Nichols; John Anderson
and Cuff, who held the office for ten years.
After the abolition of slavery in Connecti
cut the custom began to pass into disuse,
and at the present time even many intelli
gent negroes of ttie State know r.o'thine of
it.— New York Tribune.
Mixed Metaphors.
The Irish have no exclusive prot>erty in
mixtures of metaphor, though their
greater imaginativeness mahes them more
naurative in speech than the common run
of Englishmen, and their impetuosity tends
to confusion. The following passage ia
from the carefully written memoirs of one
of the greatest English scholars of the
century, Mark Pattison. " Even at this
day a country squire or rector, on land
ing with his cub under his wing in Ox
ford, finds himself much at sea as to the
respective advantages or demerits of the
various colleges" (page 16); and, ot course,
Shakespeare mixes his metaphors freely.
— Corn hill Magazine.
If there are house-
keepers not using
ROYAL
BAKING
POWDER,
its great qualities war-
rant them in making
a trial of it*
The Royal Baking
Powder takes the
place of soda and
cream of tartar, is
more convenient
more ecbnomical 7 and
makes the biscuit,
cake 7 pudding and
dumpling lighter,
sweeter T more deli-
cious and wholesome*
Those who take
pride in making the
finest food say that
Royal is quite Indis-
pensable therefor*
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO.! NEW-YORK. .FRIDAY NOVKMBKK iO. 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
BAtDTTiN Thkater-— "Fleur de Us."
• California Tbeatkb.— "Darkest Buss'a. "
Coi.riißiA Thwtkb- "Humanity."
Morocco's Ofkba-llousk-"'! he Hing of Iron."
T:voli Opkra Hotjsf.— -Donna Juanlia." \
' ORPHET7M— High-Class Vaudeville.
Alcazar Theatkb.— "At ion Bliss."
New Bvshstheet Theater.— T. a. Kennedy,
the Hypnotist. \
Metropomtax Temflk. — Piano Recital to-
tnorrrow afternoon. "
fcXTBO ir.A-i JSRthlnc i»n<l p«Tformi»Tic»»-
Ihx Chutes Asn Skatino Rink.— Daily at
Halglit street, one block cast of the Part.
Bicyclk RACES-Corner Baker and Fell streets,
to-morrow afternoon.
Oakland Rack Track— to-day.
Thf atditobium— Ellis and Mason streets-
Vaudeville, Tuesday evening, Nov. 24.
. . AUCTION iALLS.
Et Cook * Co.— This day (Friday), China-
Wore, at 123 Kearny st., a: 2 o'clock.
It Chas. Ikvy A Co.— This day (Friday).
Furniture at feaJe&rooni, 1135 Market street; at 10
o'clock.
By Indiana A rcTiov Co.-Th!s day (Friday),
rurniture. at 105? Market st.. at 11 o'clock.
By Madigan * Co.— This day (Friday), Wagons,
etc., at 1122 Mission street.
By Scixivak & Doyle— Monday, Nov. ; 23,
Horses, etc., at hi 14 Sixteenth st- M 11 o'clock.
By Eastosc * KLDBIIK3K.— Tuesday, Nov. 24,
Beat Estate, at salesroom, 638 Market street, at
12 o'clock. .
CITY NEWS IN BEIEF.
Cloudy weather with rain Friday, witb fresh
northerly winds, forecast ior to-day.
J. B. Warner has successfully paotograpbed
Alice-street railroad bridge, Oakland, by moon
light.
The Police Commissioners refused to grant
a license to the Bella Union saloon, 712 Kearny
Btreet.
Doubtful, Tea Rose, Earl Cochran, Geyser
and Braw Scot were the winning horses at
Oakland track yesterday.
Victor Honmeline, charged with assault with
a deadly weapon, ivas acquitted by a jury in
Judge Wallace's court yesterday.
The Society of California Pioneers pleasantly
entertained their Juniors in Pioneer Hall last
evening. The attendance was large.
In Judge Wallace's court yesterday John
Cook was acquitted of assault* with a deadly
weapon, the jury not leaving their seats.
The Supervisors have been petitioned to
hsve the hill on Polk street between Green
wich and Lombard, graded down at once.
William Henry Johnson, a butcher, com
mitted suicide by hanging himself in a stable
on OaK Grove avenue on Wednesday night.
Early yesterday morning an unknown man
oi very neat apDearance took poison in Golden
Gate Part and died a little later in the Receiv
ing Hospital.
G. F. Clarke, the young New Yorker arrested
some weeks ago for ootaming money by false
pretenses, wes surrendered into custody by
.his bondimen yesterday.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion held a nu-eting with delegates from other
bodies yesterday to consider questions of in
terest to the State in general.
The suit of Mrs. Agnes Montgomery against
Jacob Raver was concluded in Judge" Daiuger
field's court yesterday. The jury gave a ver
dict in favor of the plaintiff for
The raan whose neck was broken\m Wednes
day evening byfaliin* into the hold of the I
steamer San Bias was Daniel Sheehaa, a Steve- ]
dore living at 323*. Clementina street.
United States District Judge Morrow yester
day adjudged John Cheiwood and Attorney
KnapD guilty of a technical contempt in inter
fering with tbe receiver of a defunct bank.
At a meeting of the Merchants' Association
yesterday a movement was set on loot to pro
vide Kearny street with arc lights after the
manner in whica Polk street has been sud
plied.
Patrick Geary, a stevedore livintr at 94
Minna street, died suddenly at 1 o'clock yes
terday morning. The Coroner's deputies "are
satisfied that death resulted from natural
causes.
At a mas'er bakers' meeting held last night !
it was formally decided to discontinue gifts
of Cnristiaas pastry, but drivers of many !
bakeries will be permitted to do as they pleaße
about it. I
Joseph Hamel has been svied for possession
of property formerly owned by Mfirgaret Buck
master. He replies that the property was le
gally deeded to him in consideration of love
and affection.
On Monday evening Unity Alliance No. 14,
St. Patrick's Alliance of America, will hold an
entertainment at Metropolitan Temple to
commemorate the anniversary of tiie Man
chester martyrs.
A. T. Hatch, lhe well-known fruit-grower of
California, has yielded to financial reverses,
caused by depressed markets and overinv«st
ments in orchard properties. The large cred
itors are secured.
Suits fot divorce have been filed as follows:
Gertrude Daniel vs. Charles Daniel. Margaret
McGowan vs. Patrick MeGowan, Anna M. de I
Puy vs. Still man de Puy, Adell E. Kershner vs.
Charles Kershner.
Tbe recently organised People's church is to
all appearances defunct. Rev. Dr. W. L.
Birch, the pastor, havin? gone East and to
Europe to raise funds for carrying on the
good work in San Francisco.
A complaint was sworn to in Jude« Coniart's
court yesterday by Donald Chisholm, 1159
Folsom street, for the arrest of W. W. Campbell
drugeist, Ninth and Howard streets, on tne
charge of felony embezzlement.
General Manager Vining is making experi
ments with bicycle-holders on cars of the Mar- i
kt-t-street Railway Company, with the idea of i
carrying wheels on the cars of the company
whenever there is a demand for saeh service, i
The Street Committee of the Board of Super- '
visors decided yesterday to recommend that i
the Southern Pacific Company be permitted to
run it.« trains at thirty miles per hour be- ,
tween Valencia-street station and the County 1
line. j
Physicians agree with Dr. J. O. Hirschfeider
Out stations for examining, iree of cha-ge :
people suspected ot having tuberculosis should
beesiabii.-hed by tbe Government or by local
Boards oi Health, as a means to eradicate the '
Fir« Marshal Towe thinks that the two in
cendiary nres in vacsnt fiats on Harrison and
Clay streets were caused by sneak thieves
with the object of robbing house, in the neigh
borhood while the occupants were watching
the fires. s
The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals will probably elect N. p Cole t>resi
dent to succeed Jacob Z. Davis, deceased Mr
Cole has been connected officially with the '
society many years, and is the present yip« i
president.
Suit was brought yesterday br Mr? Nettie
Craven against Richard V. Dey to'quiet tiUe to
her property at Pine and Sansome streets ■
This is the first step made by her In the legai !
contest over the deeds made to her by the late
Senator Fair.
Professor Albert Koebcle, the distinguished i
entomologist, returned from the Hawaiian I»l- ■
ands yesterday. While down there he saved j
the orange trees and grapevines from destruc- '
tion and eradicated tl:e scale that was killing I
the coffee plants.
Contributions to the proposed dinner to be
j:;vea by Major Washington Biack burnt to
poor children on Thanksgiving day Fhonld
only be given to accredited representatives or
sent to the headquarters of the Volunteers of
America at 232 Sutter street
NEW TO-DAT. .
tw**Ka*> WO REST
MfNO SLEEP
* ll[ls - DAY OR NIGHT
My band* were completely, covered with Ec-
zema, and between my fingrri , the skin wu
perfectly 'nw. I had to sit with both bond* held
op, and away from the fire. . My husband had to ,
dress and undress me like a baby. 1 tried the
beat physicians, bnt their medicines gave me no
reJlef, and drove me almost crazy. : I was ad-
vised to try CxrricimA Remedies, and did so,
although my husband had to go twenty miles to
pet them. As soon as he got back, I used the
CrmccitA, and in fivt minute* after the flrtt
application ' I- toa* ■ perfectly tcuy, and t'.ept
soundly all Viai night. „ Before I commenced
using the Ccticdea Rekkdiis I could get bo I
ease night or day. I could not bear to get warm,
it would put me in a rage of itching. I always ■
keep the Cuticuba Remedies in my house now, .
and recommend them to everybody, because of.
their wonderful effect. Yours gratefully, f £.< >~
AGNES M. HARRIS, Push, MecklenbargCo.Ta U
Bfifdt Cvxs TMATJMnrT K>* : Tootubixo, Drs» '.-
. rioirßijt a Tlckobs. — Warm baths with Coticb»a Soap, - ! .
reptle applicfthcnt of CuticHU (ointmaDt), th» gnat ,
•*>"««>«. and mild doe* ol Cvrin-CA Kcsoltut,
Createat of humor curt*. - »> '- — • r ' ."- :
■ Sold throuehout the •world. Price, Cencrx*. £oe.|
Bo»r. a*.! hisoLvisr. SOc. tx,i *l. rortUDics
BBK. Cobp.. Sot» Prop*.. Bnatoa. ■ - -- —'■'
_,_ «- " How to Cure Torturing Skiu Diieatw," free.
MRS, CRAVEN SUES
RICHARD V.DEV
First Step in the Contest
Over Fair's Deeds
to Her.
It Is a Move to Quiet Title to
the Fine and Sansome
Property.
The Famous $500,000 Contract of the
Fair Chiidrea to Dey fcmt
Bj Produced.
The first gun was fired yesterday by the
legal representatives o' Mrs. Nettie Craven
in the legal battle over the deeds from
the late Senator Fair to that lady. A few
days before the pencil will was withdrawn
j it was then given out by counsel for Mrs. :
Craven that they would assert her claims j
to certain real estate in this City, for
which she holds deeds from Senator Fair.
By the withdrawal of the Dentil will tbe
decks were cleared for action, and yester
day a new contest was started whereby
still another phase has been put upon the
litigation over Fair's estate.
During the trial reference was repeatedly
made to a contract for $500,000 made by
the Fair children and placed in the cus
tody of Richard V. Dey. Dey has testi
fied that he had such an instrument in
his possession and that he would produce
it when called upon by the court to do so.
This contract was made in April, 1895, j
when Mrs. Craven was in the East to get j
the pencil will, which had been sent there
for safe-keeping. When this will was j
produced in court Attorney Lloyd stated :
that Mrs. Craven aid not want any ;
notoriety in the .Fair matter, and also ;
that the children knew she had tbe deeds. i
Then they said that if she Drought the '
pencil will here they would authorize Dey ]
to pay her the sum of $500,000, in consider- j
ation of which she was to relinquish all
claims against the estate and deliver. up
the deeds. -While she was still, away the
contract was reduced to writing and it ;
then took its present form, which is un
derstood to be a conveyance from the Fair
children to Richard V. Dey of all their in- j
terest in the property, at Pine and San
some streets, tbat having been deemed
of sufficient value to meet the $500,000 de
mand that he would have to pay.
This payment, it seems, was to be made '
conditional on the probate of the pencil !
will, but the children withdrew their sup
, port from that will and thus prevented its
, probating. «And now the trust convey
ance ot comes a cloud upon Mrs. Craven's
title to the Pine and Sansome corner.
Tne suit brought yesterday was for the
purpose of quieting her title as against
this claim. The complaint tiled in this
case is entitled Nettie R. Craven against
Richard V. Dey, and is as follows:
Plaintiff is now and for a long time hitherto
] has been i he owner aui entitled to poss;£sion i
j of that certain lot. piece or parcel of land ;
I situate, lying and being in the City and '■
'■ County of San Francisco. State of California, I
j and bounded and described as follows:
Commencing at the point of intersection of j
the south line of Pine street and the west line ;
I of Sansome street, running thence westerly j
' along said south line of Pine street two hun
i dred and thirty-five feet tix inches, thence at
| right angles southerly one hundred and thirty
j stver. feet six inches, . tcence at right angles
1 easterly two hundred and thirty-five feet six I
1 inches to said ■west line oi Sansome street, one '
j hundred and thirty-seven feet six inches to I
j the point of commencement.
The said plaintiff claims title in fee to the
said premises, and the said defendant claims |
an estate, or Interest therein, adverse to the
said plaintiff.
The claim of said defendant is without any
right whatever, and said defendant ha 3 not
any estate, right, title or interest whatever in
said land or premise*, or any part thereof.
' Wherefore plaintiff prays (1) that the de
fendant may be required to set forth the na
ture of his claim, ana that all adverse claims
of the defendant may be determined by a de
cree of this court.
(2) That by said decree it be declared end
adjudged that the defendant has no estate or
I interest whatever in or to said land and prem
ises, and that the title of plain is good and
valid. "
(3) That the defendant be forever enjoined
and debarred from asserting any claim what
ever in or to said premises adverse to the
plaintiff, and for such other retief as to this
nonorabie court shall seem meet and agree
abie to equity, and for her costs of suit.
Delias & Shortridge,
Attorneys fur plaintiff.
In addition to this Dey has been given
notice that Delmas & Shortndge, attor- j
neys for Mrs. Craven, /will this morning
j demand an inspection of a copy of t:..e
j famous $500,000 contract.
An affidavit by Mrs. Craven was also
| filed, in which she claims that Dey had
! the contract made on or about March 16,
j 1895, and that it is necessary and material
evidence for her to have.
Her demurrer to the cross-complaint of
j Charles Fair and his sisters will be heard !
; at the same time.
Meanwhile the other side has not been
idle, for the, opposing counsel yesterday j
served notice "mat they will demand an j
| inspection to-day of the deeds made by ;
; the late Senator Fair to Mr;. Craven.
AFTERNOON TEAS.
Fashionable Assemblages at the Sev- !
eral Swell Receptions Yesterday.
Rain Uad No Effect.
The rain had no terror for the ladies I
j who had cards for the various fashionable
i teas of yesterday afternoon.
At Mrs. Homer King's the large assem
j blajre of handsomely eowned women af
j forded not the s:ight«st clew to tne disa-
I greeable weather my rtdy had braved to
j reacu the bright, pretty home.
Chrysanthemums were used in profn
! sitm to beautify the apartments. During
I the afiernoon there was an excellent pro-
I gramme ollUerary and musical selections.
This tea was rhe first of a series, the sec
ond of which will be held on Saturday
afternoon.
Mrs. L L. Baker entertained seyeral
nundrea ladies at a tea yesterday after
noon between the hours of 3 and 7.
Choice flowers were used with artistic ef
fects in beautifying recaption hail and
drawing-rooms.
Mrs. Baker received her guests, assisted
by Mrs. Windsor Brown, Mrs. F T Mc-
Clellan. Miss Florence Stone, Miss Mary
Burs, Miss May Crowell and Mjss Fay
Lambo. . '
On Wednesday afternoon Mrs. William
M. Lent and Mrs. Fanny Lent gave a
moot delightful tea at their residence on
the corner of Polk and Eddy streets
Assisting the ladies to receive their guests
were Mrs. George H. L»nt, Mrs. George D
Boyd and Miss Laura Bates.
Mr*. Philip Alston Williams will give '■
the first of a series of teas to-morrow after
noon from 4 to 7 o'clock at her residence
2448 UnioD street.
Th« pupils of Professor F. J. Zifferer
will give a niano recital at Mme. Ziska's
institute, 1606 Van Ness avenue, Sa:urday
afternoon at 1 :30 p. m.
PICTURE BY MOONLIGHT.
J. B. Warner Photographed Alice-Street
Railroad Bridge, Oakland.
J. B. Warner of 306 Sansome street has
succeeded admirably in photographing
Alice-street railroad bridge, Oakland, by
moonlight. The picture was taken be
tween 8:30 and 9:15 October 21, the period
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1896.
of full moon. The exposure was forty
five minutes. Tbe picture brings out the
shadows distinctly, arid sharply deiines
the rods of liie superstructure. Mr.
Warner reversed some of the accepted
notions of photography by moonlight and
obtained surprising results.
A rew years a<;o Eastern journals of
pliotograpiiy made quite a feature of a
night scene of Alrmeda Creen repro
duced by photograph. The present
bridge picture is far in advance of earlier
effortti. Tbe moon wnj not reflected on
the piate durin? tbe forty-live minutes'
exposure, but at the expiration of that
time the upper ed«;e of the ph;t- was ex
posed to the moon for three minutes.
PIONEERS ENTERTAINED.
Season Very rieasantly Opened With
What Was Called a K am 11 y Party
i ast >-venii>g. "
The opening invitation entertainment
of the season was given by the Society of
California Pioneers last evening in Pioneer
Hall. It took on mainly.: the aspect of: a
dance, with incidental refreshments, but
there were other features, notably the
singing of the Knickerbocker quartet.
Tneonly really s?t programme was found
on the dancing card.. Veterans who came
to California as early as ' 49 were present
in considerable number. There were more
"Junior Pioneers," as the young people
are called? by. their elders, than seniors,
and, in fact, the entertainment was given
largely for the benefit of the younger
people. WWtffßrlß
There was not in it much that savored
, of the early days in California excepting
I the general heartiness and cordiality.
The ball was handsomely decorated with
bunting and flags. An orchestra fur
nished music for the young and old Cali
fornians who crowded into the hall,'
despite the rain. Altogether something
like 1300 invitations were sent out, every
member of the society who resides around
the bay getting two. ...
Dan O'Callaguan was tbe floor manager
and the committees were as follows:
Floor committee— C. T. Ryland Jr., Arthur
Bering, John Lermen. Peer Tiffany, Fred
Schmidt, Herbert Tilden, Arthur Ebbets
Jr., Ed Duisenberc and C. M. Plum Jr.
reception committee — C. J. King, J. F.
Pinkbam, Robert R. Russ, Oscar Herr
; mann. E. B. Vreeiand, R. Vandercook,
i W. H. Hallett, A. H. Phelps and W.
j Wethered.
The season is now fairly opened. Next
I month the Lick lectures will be given as
| usual and tliere will be entertainments in
1 January and February which will re-
I semble large family gatherings in some
I essential particulars.
WAS HE POISONED?
Louis Beuret Tells a Strange Story to
the Police.
Louis Benret, an employe of the Union
; Ice Company, living at California and Dv
! pent streets, went to the Caliiornia-street
j police station iast evening and announced
that be had been poisoned.
He said he was in a saloon at 311 Grant
avenue Wednesday nitht and saw a man
robbed. He went to the saloon yesterday
! afternoon and was discussing the robbery.
! He called for a glass of wbisky and one of
i the waiters put a white powder in it.
! Thinkiug the powder was harmless he
drank the whukv. Since then he had been
sick and was gettins worse and worsp.
Beuret was sent to the Receiving Hospi
tal in the patro! waeon and he was held
j for observation.
Through Sleeping I'arg to Chicago.
The Atlantic ana Taciflc Railroad, Santa Fe
route, will continue to run daily tLrough from
Oakland toChici«o Pullman palace drawine-rooai,
also upholstered tourist eleeping-cars, leaving
every af.ernoon. Lowest through rates to all
points in the t'nite'l states, Canada, Mexico or
Europe. Kxctirsions through Boston leave every
week. San Francisco ticket office, 64-4 Market
street, Chronicle building. Telephone main 1531
Oakland, 1118 Kroiulwav.
riiillips' Rock Island Excursions
I«e»ve San Francisco every Wednesday, via Rio
Grande ant Hoes Island Hallways. Through
••ouris: sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and porters accompany thes? excursions to
Boston. For tickets, sleeping-car accommodations
and fur;u.r information, address Clinton Jones,
General Agent Hock Island Hallway, 30 Moat-
Eosuery street, !-an Francisco.
Through Car to St. Taul and Minneapolis
An elfsanily upholstered tourist-car leaves Oak
land <-vi-ry Tnesday evening at 7 o'clock fur all
poinu in Montana, North Dakota and Minnesota.
No chance of cars. Dining-cars on all trains. Come
end get our rates if you expec: to make a trip to
any Eastern point. T. K. S ateler. General Agent
Northern Pacific By. Co., 638 Market street, 6. W.
Corona do.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, sort
and mild, being entirely free from tbe mists com
mon further rcrth. BcuDtl-trip tickets, by steaoi
ship, including fifteen days' board at Hie iiotat J«.
Coronado. f 65 : loncer scay 92 50 per day. Apply
4 New Monieoicery st.. Sun Kmncisoo.
XEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stoctelonand Powell.
A BILL OF LAUGHING HITS.
BERT SHKPHAKD,
The World Kenouned JJiustrcL
LEWIS AND ELLIOTT,
America's t;om cci ••• Sketch Artists.
KNOLL AND MCNEIL,
Renowned Cornel Soloists and DuPti<its,
And a Great Vaudeville Company.
. Only Two -Nights More of
; Detroit Bros, and Mays and Hunter
.Reserved sea l'sc; Balcony, 10c; Upera-cha -I
i and box-seats. 50c. ■"*.,
GRAND OPENING
VELODROME!
FASTEST BICYCLE TRACE 1.! THE WORLD
i COR. BAKER AND FELL STREETS,
At Park Entrance,
SATURDAY AFTERNOON,. NOV. 21
FOSTER vs. WELLs.
1, 2 an ,ls Miles.
1 Mile Professional, l Mile Araatear Invitation
1 Mile Handicap Professional.
1 Mile Chinese Kac> (In costume). -
Several Record Trials. Exhibition by the Qiao.
Muse by Cassasa's First Regiment Band.
Thanksgiving Day— Big Programme.
Beserved Seats tt rman. Clay A Ca's.
Height, Hayes. Kills and Lister Streetcar*.
POSITIVELY LAST RECITAL!
, FANNIE BLOOaiFIELD
metropolitan templ- ',
to-mo:r,:r.o"w
Saturday r Aft., Nov. . 21, at 2 o'clock
PRICES $1.00 AND $1.50. -
Seats on sale at Sherman, Clay & C'o.'s Music
Store. '
RACING S|^^ f! H'hT;
• — CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
WINTER MEETING. 1896-97
Beginning Monday,- November IS
* OAKLAND RACE TRACK. '
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
Thursday, Friday • and Saturday
- rtainor phine.'. - . *
FIVE OB MOKE KACES EACH DAY -:
Raced r Start at * 2: 15 « P. M. Sharp
Terry Boats l»ave San Francisco at 12 M. and
12:30, 1 .00, 1 :3O and 2:00 p. m.. connecting with
trains stopping at the entrance to track.
> Boy your ferry tickets to Berkeley.
■■ lieturnlng— Tralni' leave tbe Track at 4:15 and
4:45 pm. and immediately after the last race. '
THOMAS H." WILLIAMS Jit, JfreiidenU
R.B. MILROY, secretary.
SUTRO BATHa
; Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 11 p. M.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evenine""
.Admission— Adult* lOc. Children r>c.
School children admitted "free 5-aiurduys, 7 a.*.
to 6 *w. < MHHMNHMHIOMMBSBSiIIIA£ * *
CHUTES Open From - Noon to knight
V H U l CO. Adults 10c, Children sc.
••Arion," IMrri, Aniui.it >>-<• nc 11JK X'
bkaUng Rink Open Kain or Shine.
TWO BALLOO3 ISCHhIOIS '; ■SUJpiI!! ,
PEOPLE'S CHURCH
IS NOW DEFUNCT
Dr. Birch, the Pastor, Has
Gone to Europe for
Funds.
Lack of Local Support Caused
the Suspension of the
Services.
The Dtctor, However, Promises to
Rsturn and Put It on a Firm
Basis A^ain.
The People's Church, organized in the
middle of September by the Rev. Dr. Wil
liam L. Bircb, late of New Zealand and of
England, Eenfcs to be a defunct institu
tion. It is at ieast defunct to the extent
that its pastor has departed to pastures
new, and from the present outlook his re
turn to the work lie took up is a matter of
doubt.
Dr. Birch arrived in this City iast spring.
It is s^id that he comes from the nobility
of England, and had preached with the
noted Dr. Spurgeon. That is, when no
more people could enter where Dr. Spur
geon was speaking. Dr. Birch would ad
dress the overflow in some hall near by.
Dr. Birch will probably go to the for
mer scenes of his usefulness very soon. ■
He left this City last Tuesday evening on i
the Sunset Limited for Philadelphia and !
New York. He will visit England and !
Constantinople before he stops traveling. |
.His departure naturally gave rise to the
question. What has become of the
i*eo^le's Church? Dr. Birch opened the
services of tbe People's Church in Metro
politan Temple on September 26, and bis
iirst congregation numbered about 1200
souls, according to the estimate of one
interested. This same person estimated ,
that the last gathering, on November 8.
did not number over 500. It is doubtful
if either heure is correct.
Dr. B rch wanted his new church to be
Congregational, but as far as practicable |
non-sectarian. He desired to have a pace ,
of worship where the poor could enter free |
of all caete and feel at home and welcome.
In this movement he was ably assisted by
J. Drumgold, wlio acted as treasurer, Mra.
Murray, Mrs. E. F. Drumgoid. Ed Smith,
William Fowler, J. McLaugblin, D. M.
Reynolds and other?, who assisted in pro
viding music for every service.
Those who desired to do so contributed j
to the cau?e, but as there was no regular
churcb organization the People's Church
simply hved from Sunday to Sunday.
Thure were two men who promised a little
support, one $2 and che other $5, but that
would not run a church even it the minis
NEW TO-DAT -AMUSEMENTS.
FIRST GREAT SOCIAL EYES! OP THE SEASON
f -«&'■■■ AMATEUR
Mht VAUDEVILLE PERFORMANCE
WmM WELL-KNOWN SOCIETY PEOPLE,
10 Q NEARLY 100 YOUNG LADIES AND GENTLEMEN TAKING PART
(§«?%*!« THE PROCEEDS TO BE USED IN LIQUIDATING THE DEBT OF
- II HOTEL DEL MAR.
"■"""^ V c3S^>k^ Among the many Amusing and Attractive Features Will
OLYMPIC CLDB'S MINSTREL*' ORGANIZATION
. — , — ox 1 — ; ■
I Ba=aBNTLEMBN=BB
Their First Appearance Outside the Clubhouse In This City.
ORIGINAL JOKES, COMIC SONGS AND GROTESQUE ANTICS AND DANCES
ALSO THE CURTAIN-RAISER,
"MY UNCLE'S WILL!"
;» In. which the Talented Socle:y Amateur, MR. RICHARD HOTALINC, will take the
character of a Young Lady in the part of Miss Florence Marigold,
assisted by . FRANK MATHIEU and others.
THE GIRLS' HIGH SCHOOL ALUMNI,
, . UNDER THE LEADERSHIP OF THE
I BARONESS YON MEYERIOK,
WILL FURNISH VOCAL MUSIC AND CHORUSES.
■...-. . . - . , . '•'■'■ ■ ■' ' ■ '-■"'.
JjVJLJTt. JT&. Csr JcLs g^V l^g fr« s T^S jKTy
The Olympic Club's Young Champion Boxer, Will Give an Exhibition.
Under the Management of Prominent Patronesses ana Members of the
CATHOLIC LADIES' AID SOCIETY.
~TO TAKE PLACE AT
THE AUDITORIUM, CORK EDDY Al JONES STREETS,
NEXT TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24. |
Tickets One Dollar, can be procured from the Ladies and at the headquarters of the
Society in the Maze Building; also at Sherman, Clay & Co. 's. . .......--... .> „
&f~ The Box Sheet for Reserved Seats will be opened on Saturday at 9:30 A. M.
ter preached gratis, and as it is said went
into his own pocket to tbe amount of $150
to help deiray < ipenses.
On the last Sunday in October Dr.
Birch, at tbe conclusion of the services,
invited all who wished to affiliate wiih the
People's Church to hand their names to
the treasurer at the door as they passed
out. Only thirteen, an unlucky number
apparently in this instance, presented
their names, and the n»»xt Sunday the last
sermon vias i.elivered by Dr. Birch.
Justice must be done the man for his
earnestness and activity, for he wrote out
ar.d caused to be printed new hymns fur
every Sunday. When the printing bills,
hall rent and other incidental expenses
v.ere summed ud it w.-is found that the
People's Church was running behind at
tbe rate of $30 a week.
The lack of support was what killed the
new church. Dr. Birch was apparently
too liberal in bis views to suit the more
orthodox of bis brethren of the cloth in
this City, and those to vhom he looked
the most for aid were the least ready to as
sist.
Mr. Drumgold in discussing the doctor's
departure said that his absence is not for
very long. He is going East to endeavor
to raise funds for the perpetuation of the
People's Church in this City. Should he
fail in the East he will go to his relatives
in England, who aro wealthy, and from
them secure the necessary cash for firmly
establishing the church. His purpose is
to get this one built upon a rock that
financial storms will not disturb and then
procoeri to another city and build another
People's church. Mr. Drumgold says that
Dr. Birch will be absent from one to three
months in his quest for funds.
Mr. Drumgold in discussing Dr. Bircb.
asserted that the press was in error in
statin <; that Dr. Birch made application to
join the Piesbyterian ministry. Hisoniy
application was to the Congregational
ministry. He stated that one time iome
of tiie members of tha First Congrega
tional Church asked him to rill the pulpit
vacated by Dr. Charles Oliver Brown, but
that the Bay Conference failed to act upon
his application or pass upon his creden
tials^ The attack upon Dr. Birch's ortho
doxy may have had something to do with
bis failure to secure a call from Dr.
Brown's former congregation.
Dr. Birch deeply regretted the public
attack made on his orthodoxy and the iact
that, with the exception oJ Dr. Rader, the
Congregational ministers generally ne
glected to extend their sympathy or to af
lord him an opportunity to reply.
At any rate he did not waste much
time in worrying over the Bay Confer
ence failure to act favorably upon his ap
plication, for he went to work and started
the People's Church and then he started
for Constantinople.
Criminal Calendar Clogged.
The case of J. F. Ramiciotti, charted with
"felony, to wit: forgery." was called in Judge
Wallace's court yesterday, bnt by consent a
further continuance was eranted. Tne crime
of which Ramiciotti is accused" was corn .pitted
September 17, 1895. Tnere are many other
cases on the ciimii;al calendar of the Superior
Court thai are of eveu more ancient date.
» ♦ »
Bicycler Defeated.
in the suit of Joseph Etlieu against Lot D.
Slccum for $5000 damages a jury in Judge
Hunt's court yesterday gave a verdict for the
defendant. Kthen was riding a wheel and
S.ocum was driving a buggy on Golden Gate
aveuue when they came in collision and
Eiben biamed Slccum for the accident. The
jury thougnt the responsibility was equal.
Trunks Moved 35 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sutter st.
Tel. main 4J. Furniture moved reasonably.*
WILL ACT WITH
THE REPUBLICANS
Senator Jones of Nevada
- Says He Will Stand by
the Tariff.
But the Tariff Will Not Make
Times Bstter in His
Opinion.
Only Moro Money Will Do That, and
No Money Has Been Issued in
Three Years.
United State 3 Senator John P. Jones of
Nevada is among the recent arrivals here.
He has been for some time at Virginia
City and elsewhere in Nevada, and has
not till now been in California for a long
time.
The Senator sees considerable of a fu
ture in the development of the gold prop
erties in this State. He says from all he
can learn, both by observation and from
what he knows of the intentions of invest
ors, ?t is in the mines that the greatest
profits are to De made.
"There is a better chance to make money
in gold mining than in anything else,''
said tne Senator. "So far as lam able to
judge California is in an excellent posi
tion to develop her mines. I have not
been here rong, having been in Nevada
since my return from the East, but that is
the way it looks to me. There is no money
in other kinds of business, for money can
not be made when there are falling prices.
"It is like a man climbing a ladder in
an elevator when the elevator is gowiug
down. He may think he is going up, but
lrom the nature of the case he is powerless
to get up, despite his greatest efforts.
Therefore, I commend mining, a3 business
will not succeed.
"If things go on and no improvement
results, what can we expect? As to Mr.
Bryan and hi 3 Dook, he is a very bright
young man, but what can the ablest book
accomplish? If we have hard limes for
the next four years, that will be more po
tential in changing our present system
than anything else.
"So far as the tariff is concerned I'll
support it. Tbe Republicans can count
on me, and while they are about it I
would like to csk them if they know of a
stronger tariff man than lam and have
always been. I made one speech on the
tariff, and hundreds of thousands of
copies were printed and circulated. But
tbe tariff isn't going to help us out. We
haven't got money enough. That is the
trouble. There has been no money issued
for the past three years, and we can't get
along and be prosperous without more.
"But 1 will help the party out all 1 can.
HEW TO-DAT.
A Lost Voice.
Advertising will do a great
many things, but it won't bring
about the return of a lost
voice. The best thing to do
is to begin, at once, the use of
the sovereign cure for all affec-
tions of the throat and lungs —
Bronchitis, Asthma, Croup,
Whooping Cough, etc. It has
a reputation of fifty years of
cures, and is known the world
over as
AVER'S
Cherry Pectoral.
I will put no stones in its way.
I want prosperity to come if these people
can bring it who say they know how to
do it."
The Senator will be bare for several
days.
Dixon Dismissed From Office.
A. F. Dixon, United States Circuit Court
Commissioner for Sierra, Humas and Lassen
counties, was removed from his position yes
terday by Judge McKenna. Six years ago
Dixon was appointed to that position by Judge
Sawyer. Several months ago he was indicted
by the Federal Grand Jury on a charge of ex
tortion and misappropriating funds belonging
to the Government. Dixon evidently did not
intend to bear the results of his misdeeds, for
ne at once disappeared, and the Deputy United
States Marshal, who holds a warrant for his
arrest, cannot find him.
Drank Himself to Death.
Thomas Ryan was found in a dying condi
tion early yesterday morning by tba police
and sent to the Receiving Hospital. A little
later he died and the body was removed to the
Morgue. An autopsy showed that Ryan died
from excessive drinking. He was about 50
years of age.
SEW TO-DATJ
t The safest , tea to buy or
sell is Schilling s Best for
we take all the risk of the
sale.
If not satisfactory, gro-
cers return their customers'
money in full, and charge
the same to us.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 457
: SEW TO-LAT- AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Ai.HAYMAXitea (Incorporated). Proprietor!
TO-NIGHT «nd Every Evening This Week.
Including Sunday, Mat. Sat.
I>T^iT i FAi-FOX
■ And Her Excellent Comic Opera Company
- (Management S. T. King), presenting ■ '
"FLEUR de LIS"
Feautiful Scenery an! Costumes, •
Catehv songs and Stirring Choruses.
Farewell Performance Sunday >'ight. .
EXTRA— WEEK. 10JTO1Y. 23.
—6 NIGHTS AND 2 MATINEES.
MR. N. C. GOODWIN,
And His Superb Comedy Company, headed b/
SI AXINE ELLIOTT.
First Five Sights and .- Matinees Thanksgiving
(Thursday) and Saturday, the new comedy.
AN AMERICAN CITIZEN
■ : (First Time in America). - V
SPEClAL— Saturday t— Only . Time—
•• IH-, RIVALS."
SEATS St-:L,LI>'G. — — ■'.
CALIFORNIA THEATER
Ai.Haykax<& Co. (Incorporated).... Proprietors
TO-XIGHT and All the Week,
Popular Price Matinee Saturday.
2Sc «.ia.d SOo.
The Grand Scenic Romance of the Czar's Realm,
DARKEST RUSSIA!
.• A Drama ot Intense Human Interest.
IMPORTA3NTT—
SKATS NOW SELLING!
aS" Secure Your seats Early and Avoid 'Disap-
pointment— ENGAGEMENT
LA LOIB
F'TTT-jUjESR,.
3 SIGHTS-JiOVEMBKK 23, 24, 25. -
SIATISEE WKDNWDAY.
WCDLArt3LICOTTU3D « <3" itJbtSA.non*nAJta»---
THE I PERFECT
OXLT | EXPLOSION!
The Only Attraction Carrying 20 Thoroughbred
Horses, 20 Foxhounds and 3 Carloads
of scenery. . .
:ei"c:m APtf it y :
The Greatest .Melodrama of the Age.
, JOSEPH GUISMER. PH(EBK DAYIES
Ana a Splendid Company. •■■'•
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSB
M.BS.KKXKSTIXE Kbelins. Proprietor <fe iiao»isc
TO-NiaHT
—VOX STJPPE'B—
, Bright, Breezy, Brilliant Comedy Opera.
"DONNA JUANITA!"
The Best All Bound Comic Opera Co m-
pany In This Country.
, -^—Mandolin and Guitar Octet.
HEAR " l ,
"THE CHILDREN'S CHORUS "
Next— "THE LITTLE DUKE
Popula- Price5. ......~;...250 -'*»n'H sQci.
MOROSCOS
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER aiOROSCO...SoIe Lessee and Manager :
LAUGHISB DKUS THE TEABS!
The English and American society success,
"A RING OF IRON,"
By the . author of > -Wages of i Sin," " "Woman
. Against Woman." etc. -
VICTORY BATEMAN, HOWARD KYLE.
2 Soubretten— a • -3 Comedians— Z
Songs! .Specialties; Dances!. , '
... Evenlne PriceK— lOC* ; 25c and tOm,
■ . . .. Matinees Saturday : and Sunday. •
NEW BUS H-ST/ THEATER.
Everybody Astounded,' Amaze J and ■ Awed! ■.
KOtJUiog like it ever seen in Han Francisco betorat
Fourth Day's Ending of the Seven Days' Sleep. - .
?. - JtAN IN A TEANCK! ,
Mistaken for Dead ! . v Practically a CTlpjel
. The Unapnroi.cuab'e Master of Hypnotism, •-;'■:
— — T. A. KENN'hUY !
Will awaken the, man; from his 7 davg' hypnotic
sleep at 10 o'clock Sunday night In presence of the
audience. - secure your se:i.s - early ' to ; avoidtt ho
crowds.* F.renlng Prices— loc." 15e. 25c, 60& ■ *. V
Don't fail to come and see the Handsome Lady
Subjects next Monday Night. November. an. -■ .
Kelasto, or Jan & i.a Kal'.ie.; Lessees & Managers
An Immediate Laughing; Suco-iss;.:- >•
"AT FORT "RTiISa:"
Night— lsc, 25c, 35.-. 5L»c. Matinees— lac. asc, »»••
I - Telephone, Bluets 9l;- ,
78
ARCADIAN LOVE
IN A BIG CITY
The Romance of Margaret
Buckmaster and Joseph
Hamel.
Judge Seawell's Court the Scene
of the Disclosure Yesterday
How a Man and Woman Resided
Together for Tears as Brother
and Sister.
A romance in private life was brought
to light in Judge SeaweU's court yester
day. It gave another illustration of the
adage that one half of the world does not
know how the other half lives.
The suit was entitled John C. Buck
master, as special administrator of the
estate of Margaret BucKmaster, deceased,
against Joseph Hamel.
Mr. Hamel is a solid-looking gentleman
of about 60 years, his full beard being
touched with gray, and his recital of his
life was like a chapter from a novel or a
paraphrase on one feature of Thomas
Hardy's "Jude, the Obscure."
The suit is to regain possession of cer
tain real estate on Eighteenth street, near
Mission, that was the property of Mar
garet Buckmaster during her life, which
is now claimed by Hamel as his own,
alleging title under a deed of gift dated
June 23, 1891, and filed for record August
19, 1895. The deed sets forth that the only
consideration for the transfer was tbe re
gard in which Miss Buckmaster held
Hamel, and that tbe deed was made on ac
count of "love and affection and for the
better maintenance and support of said
Hamel."
In attacking the legality of this convey
ance John Buckmaster, orother of the
dead woman, alleges that Hamel by
means of undue influence bad prevailed
on her to disinherit her relatives for bis
own benefit. The complaint also sets
forth that the said Margaret Buckmasier
at the time of her lieiuu was about 67
years of age; t at upon tbat date she was
aud for a lotig time prior thereto had been
totally blind; that her mental faculties
became greatly impaired by reason ot
sickness and old age, and by reason of the
effects of medicines and drugs adminis
tered to her during her sickness by Hamei.
and her mental faculties li.'d been so im
paired and her mind weakened and her rea
son affected to such a degree as to render
her incapable ol a prudent management of
her property and affairs.
It was further alleged that Miss Buck
master and Hamel occupied tbe s,ams
house for many years; that he was her
only companion; tbat he poisoned her
mind against her brother and other rela
tives; that he would not allow tbe brother
to see Miss Buckmaster when she was
bick, and that he had obtained the execu
tion of the deed by duress and fraud.
The court is asked to annul the deed
end distribute the estate to the heirs-at
law.
In contrast with this bitter view of the
matter, as couched in all the malignancy
of language possible in a legal document,
is the idyllic explanation that is offered by
Hamel.
"We had been friends from childhood,"
said Hamel, "and as the years went by
and it seemed that neither of us was
likely to murry, we agreed that we would
reside together as brother and sister, and
so we did. We occupied the .~ame house,
and bore to each other in honorable affec
tion the relation of brother and sister, and
no other.
"This course we took because it was for
our own convenience and comfort, and be
cause it was *ot a matter of concern with
the rest of the world.
"After the beginning of our life as
brother and sister we constantly and
faithfully performed our duties under the
agreement or contract. We shared our
earnings and our expenses. All our
money we put in a little box and when
either wanted ro use any money all we
had to do was to take it.
"In talking over our affairs we decided
to go before a notary public and make our
wills, each to wiii the other what property
we had. The notary suggested that a deed
would be better, as there was often trouble
about a will, but he thought there could
be no dispute over a deed. Each of us
made a deed, it being arranged that the
one who survived should have the prop
erty of both."
As corroborative of this a written agree
ment, acknowledged before a notary and
signed by Miss Buckmaster making her
mark, she saying she could not see well
enough to write, was introduced. In this
supplementary document it was set forth
that the survivor should pay the funerai
expenses of the other and assume posses
sion of all their joint personal property.
If Miss Buckmaster died first Hamel was
to pay out $500 as she directed.
Hamei said that in pursuance pf their
understanding the deeds were made out
and signed, and that was why he ha<]
taken possession of the property. Ho
owned some real estate of similar value in
another part of the City.
Replying to the accusation that he had
excluded the relatives from Miss Buck
roaster's presence during her sickness
Hamel told of how she changed her mind
in regard to paying out some money after
her death.
After she had been confined to her bed
for a long time she sent to Mr. Mossbach,
a notary public, and told him to change
her agreement with Hamel in regard to
certain moneys. She said "I don't want
you to give that $300 to Buckmaster. He
doesn't treat me right He doesn't de
serve it Here 1 1 have been sick in
bed for seventeen months and he hasn't
been to see me. I want you to pay
$100 to Father Stokes, $360 to Father Bren
nan, $106 to Buckmaster, that brother or
half-brother of mine, and $1 to his son and
$1 to his daughter."
Hamel denied that he had endeavored
to exclude Miss Buckmaster's relatives
from her presence, or that he had tried to
prejudice her against them.
The case will be argued to-morrow by
Attorneys Campbell and Nowlin.
A TECHNICAL CONTEMPT.
Judge Morrow Upholds the Position of a
Keceiver of a Defunct Bank.
United States District Judge Morrow
yesterday made a decree finding John
Chetwood Jr. and Attorney Knapp guilty
of a technical contempt of court. It was
in the case of Thomas K. Stateler against
the California National Bank of San Fran
cisco and John Chetwood Jr., who is one
of the stockholders. Stateler is the re
ceiver of the bank and the suit was
brought to restrain Chetwood and others
from instituting proceedings in the State
courts that would tend to tie up a fund of
$30,000 which Stateler claimed should be
paid to him as receiver. An order to that
effect was made by the United States Cir
cuit Court, but notwithstanding Chetwood
took two appeals to the United States Su
preme Court.
It was -on these appeals that the two
contempt charges were brought, and the
court yesterday decided that it was a tech
nical contempt. Judge Morrow decided
that Chetwood and Attorney Knapp
should be adjudged guilty of contempt,
and ordered that they pay the costs of the
proceedings and further that they observe
the injunction previously issued to let
the receiver and money alone and also
that they cause the dismissal in the State
courts of tiie two actions brought by them
and that they rile evidence of the dis
missal within twenty days. Several who
were complained of in the contempt pro
ceedings were purged of contempt, as they
satisfied the Judge that they had noibing
to do with the suits or appeal complained
ot
THE EVE OF BATTLE.
Fighters Now Heady for a Passage at
Arms — Julian Talks of
Corbett.
This evening Jimmy Carroll an* Jack
McAuliffe will meet in a ten-round con
test at Woodward's pavilion. The betting
last night favored McAuliffe slightly, not
withstanding the fact that Carroll is the
better trained of the two. The general
opinion is that the battle will end in a draw.
Hawkins and Finnick are in tiptop condi
tion and will certainly put up a great mill.
Hawkins is a strong favorite.
The managers of the Golden West Club,
of which Harry Lask is director-general,
has postponed the Tracey-Ryaa ten-round
contest from Saturday, tne 28th inst., un
til Monday, the 30th irst., as Ryan insists
on having tbe additional time in which to
train. Tracey is in fine condition and his
friends are very sanguine of his success,
notwithstanding that his opponent has a
great record.
Julian, the manager for Fitzsimmons,
said yesterday that Corbett is unquestion
ably playing an in and out erame of bluff.
"As a sporting man conversant with
matters pugilistic," said Julian, "you cer
tainly know that all championship battles
must be to a finish, and that is exactly
the reason why we insist on a finish fight
with this alleged champion heavy-weight.
If you refer back to Corbett's statements
which have been published in the leading
papers of the country you will find that
he stated that Dan Stuart was tl:e o:iiy
man in whom he could place strict confi
dence as regards the pulling off of fiuish
fights.
"Now Stuart can offer as good if not a
better purse than the Bohemian Club can
give and Corbett is well aware of this fact.
"Corbett has consented to the terms of
the .Bohemian Club because he thinks
that by doing so he will gain the good
will of the sporting public; but the men
who understand anything about pugilism
are well aware of the fact that a champion
ship contest Biust be to a finish.
"Now if Fitzsimmons should meet Cor
bett under the auspices of the Bohemian
Club, or any club for that matter, in a
limited contest, and Corbett should buffer
defeat, what then? Why, the papers
would come out and say that Corbett is
still the champion because the tight was
not for the championship, which means a
battle to a finish.
"I tell you that when Corbett and Fitz
simmons meet it must be to a finish, be
cause I am as anxious that F;tzsinimons
will be recognized a* the champion ot the
world as 1 am of winning a large amount
of money. The way things now look
Stuart will get the match, and you can
wager that Corbett will try every trick
known to him to avoid a finish contest.
Just wait and see if I'm right."
♦ — • — m
A FATHER'S ULTIMATUM.
G. F. Clarke, the Young New Yorker,
Surrendered Into Custody by
Bis Bondsmen.
G. F. Clarke, the young New Yorker
who was arrested some weeks ago at the
Palace Hotel on tho charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses, was surrendered
by his bondsmen, Thomas Clancy and At
torney Lawler, yesterday morning.
The original complaint against him was
withdrawn and F. A. Wheeler, the broker,
who is the complaining witness, swore to
a new complaint in Judge Low's court
and he was booked on the new charge.
Wheeler is a cousin of the youn« man,
who is the son of the senior partner of
the firm of Clarke. Bustinell & Co., whole
sale grocers. New York. He had been on
a tour round the world and after spending
his money lavishly for a few weeks his
funds ran short. He went to Wheeler
and got him to cash a draft for $250 on his
father. The draft was returned dishon
ored and Wheeler bad him arrested.
In the original complaint it was alleged
that Clarke falsely represented to the com
plaining witness that he was a member of
the firm of Clarke, Bushneil & Co., but in
the new complaint it is alleged that he
falsely represented he had money in bank
in New York to meet the draft.
The case has been hanging fire in tbe
expectation that Clarke's father would
pay the $250 to Wheeler. He offered to
do so, but made it a condition that his
sou would take a trip around Cape Horn
for his homeward journey instead of
going overland. Young Clarke refused to
take the trip around the Horn, and his
bondsmen decided to surrender nim into
custody.
It is stated that the young man is in
fatuated with a young woman on Stockton
street, and dislikes to leave her behind.
Clarke denies this, and says that he would
be glad to get back to New York, but not
by way of the Horn. He is not afraid of
the outcome of the case against him, as he
claims he made no false representations.
MISTAKEN FRIENDSHIP.
W. W. Campbell,! Druggist, Charged
by Mrs. Anno Jane Chiftholm With
Felony Embezzlement.
Donald Chisholm, 1159 Folsom street,
on Behalf of himself and Mre. Anne Jane
Chisholm, his wife, swore to a complaint
in Judge Conlan's court yesterday charg
ing W. W. Campbell, druggist, Ninth and
Folsom streets, with felony embezzlement.
The complaint was drawn up by Attor
ney A. L. O'Grady, who represents the
Chisholms, and it recites that on October
10 Campbell, as their agent, received $300,
which he appropriated to his own uses
and purposes.
Some weeks ago Mrs. Chisholm was rid
ing on a Howard-street car, and when the
car reached Ninth street it struck a
bumper, and she was thrown to the
ground, sustaining serious injuries. She
was carried into Campbell'* drugstore and
he sent for Dr. Field to attend to her.
Campbell took an interest in her case,
and after she had recovered he induced
her to allow him to prosecute the cable
company for damages, it being stipulated
that for his trouble he would get 25 per
cent of tbe sum obtained.
It is alleged that Campbell got $400 from
the company, but only gave Mrs. Chisholm
$25, telling her that he received less than
$100.
BELLA UNION SALOON.
The Police Couimigsioners Refuse to
Grant a License to the New
Proprietors.
The Police Commissioners at their meet
ing Wednesday afternoon refused to grant
a license to the Bella Union saloon, 712
Kearny street.
In August last, when Whittingha^A;
Mosher applied for a license, it was re
fused by the Commissioners. They then
got the signatures of twelve property
owners on the block to a petition for a
license, and the Commissioners we're com
pelled to grant it. The license expired a
few days ago, and meantime Whittlngham
& Mosher had sold out their interest to
Thomas H. Phillips and Josepn J. Casey,
and it was the application of the two lat
ter that was refused Wednesday night.
The Commissioners had reports before
them on the conduct of the saloon from
tbe policemen on the beat, and had also in
mind the action of Justice of the Peace
Groezinger in bringing the saloon to the
attention of the Grand Jury on Monday
last The Judge had listened to the evi
dence in the case of Frank Wilson, a
sailor, who was drugged and robbea in the
saloon, and retaliated by etabbiug the bar
tender, 8. J. Smith.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1896.
DOCTORS SUPPORT
DR. HIRSCHFELDER
They Say Measures Should
Be Taken to Fight Con
sumption.
All Suspected Cases Ought to Be
Examined by the State
Bacteriologists.
Dr. Firnnm Believes That the Super
visors Should Provide for Such
Officials.
The statement of Dr. J. O. Hirschfelder,
which appeared in The Cali. yesterday,
has excited considerable comment, not
only among physicians, but also among
people generally. The doctor claimed
that in a few generation? consumption
DR. J. O. HIRSCHFELDER*
[From a recent photograph.}
could be exterminated. To reach this end
it would be necessary for the Government
to establish institutions throughout the
country, wbere all persons affected with
cough or suspected of having consump
tion could be examined free of charge,
and if found to be tifflicted with tubercu
losis be treated by the Government. This
opinion was favorably viewed by other
physicians yesterday, though in some
cases the belief obtained that measures
should be taken by the locai authorities
without delay for the accomplishment of
the same object — the eradication or at
least the prevention of consumption.
In New "iork, a physician stated yester
day, the health authorities have the most
perfect system of examination for diph
theria in the world. There are many sta
tions in that city where physicians can
obtain gratis a culture tube and a steriliz
ing swab. As soon as a physician is called
to a case suspected to be diphtheria, he
sends to the nearest station for such a set,
he introduces the swab into the patient's
throat, rubs it over the interior of the
culture tube and then returns the set to
tbe station. This tube is immediately sent
to the health oflice laboratory, where it is
placed in a culture oven and an investiga
tion of the germs is made. Within
twenty- four to forty-eight hours the physi
cian receives a repoit whether the case is
one of true diphtheria or not. Although
the process is rather complicated it still
wo ks perfectly In New \ork.
Such institutions for the examination of
tuberculosis, doctors say, could be much
more easily arranged, for all that would be
necessary would be a microscopic examin
ation of the sputum, which couid be made
in ten minutes. Such instit tions, accord
ing to clearly defined opinions of doctors
interested in this new treatment and
method of attacking consumption, might
be organized by State Boards ot Health,
which should push the iietbod as the
California State Board of Health is now
distributing diphtheria anti-toxin, and so
establish laboratories for the manufacture
of the an ti- toxin of tuberculosis.
Diphtheria is shown to be a rare disease,
whereas one out of every seven individu
als dies of tuberculosis. Consequently the
claim is made that a greater necessity ex
ists for protective measures in tuberculosis.
In order that the battle with tuberculosis
should be successful every animal found
to be tubercular, so leading physicians
jay, should be cremated.
Dr. Farnum, one of the physicians who
have taken up the oxytoxin treatment
discovered by Dr. Hmcuf elder, has very
pronounced views on the suggestion to es
tablish examination stations through
which consumption might be eradicated.
"My opinion is," he said yesterday,
"that the Supervisors here ou^ht to pro
vide funds for public bacteriologists to ex
amine all specimens of sputum and other
specimens free of charge, which physi
cians may take to them for examination.
This would aid very much in making an
early diagnosis and stop the spread of
such diseases as tuberculosis, diphtheria
and typhoid fever and many other infec
tious diseases. A large number of pa
tients who call upon physicians are not
able to pay for a bacteriological examina
tion of such .specimens — the usual fee for
which is from $5 to $10 — and the average
physician has not the time to make as
many such examinations as should be
made.
"At the present day we cannot sneak
positively on the diagnosis of many caaes
of infectious diseases, such as tuberculosis,
without such an examination to find the
germs in secretions or discharges.
"Something surely ought to be done to
prevent the spread of tuberculosis. I
think it would be well for the Board of
Supervisors to pass some law requiring
public eating-houses to sterilize table
ware, cups, plates, knives, etc., in process
of cleaning, either by steaming or immer
sion in boiling water. Very probably in
most cases of tuberculosis the affection is
contracted through the mouth, and no
doubt public eating-houses furnish the in
fectea material largely. There are three
physicians on the new board, and surely
we may expect something from them.
"It seems to me the spreading of the
disease could be limited to a consideraole
extent by ordinary precautions of steril
izing. It would be better to have early
provision made at home ihan to w.ait for a
Government provision. I believe that in
early or middle stages pulmonary tubercu
losis can, be cured."
MOKE ARC LIGHTS.
The Merchants' Association "Will Agi
tate the Project of Illuminating
Kfiirny Street.
The regular meeting of the board of di
rectors of the Merchants' Association was
held yesterday.
The committee on public affairs sub
mitted the following circular letter and
agreement to be sent to property-owners
along Kearny street for securing the
illumination of that thoroughfare from
Market street to Montgomery avenue by
powerful electric arc lights. After suc
ceeding with Kearny street the Merchants'
Association will take up the better light
ing of the other business streets of the
City. In fact, it is the intention of the
board of directors to endeavor to bring
about the better lighting of every thor
oughfare of the City that is largely used
by the public:
Tbe Merchant*' Association has been re
quested by a number of the leading; Kearny
street property-ou uers to obtain subscriptions
suffic.ent to pay for the illuminating of that
thoroughfare from Market street to Montgom
ery avenue, in accordance with the plan
ndopted by the merchants on Polk street
J his association has determined to use every
effort to comply with the request, and upon
receiving a sufficient subscription will enter
into a contract with the Edison Light and
Power Company to furnish twenty am lights
to be placed in the center of Kearny street be
tween the points named.
We therefore inclose you herewith a sub
scription blank and earnestly request you to
subscribe for the amount indicated and re-
turn the subscription to the office of the Mer
chants' Association immediately.
The necessity for the better illumination for
the downtown district must be apparent to
every one, and as the amount which you are
called upon to pay us is only 7 cents per front
foot per month, we feel assured that the
amount contributed by yon will be returned
many fold in the improvement which your
property will receive.
It is a well-known and generally admitted
feet that all merchants, and especially those
doing business along the line of Kearny street,
have been complaining of the dullness of
trade for a number of years, and that it is only
fair and right to ask the assistance of property
owners in the movement that this association
has inaugurated for tha better lighting of the
downtown district, which will certainly mate
rially &id in stimulating business.
It is especially desirable to have these arc
lights in>tnl!ed before the holiday season,
hence we ask you to give this matter your im
mediate attention.
Should this experiment prove successful,
this assoeiß ion will make strong efforts to in
duce the in ..icpality to assume or pay for all
or a p. rt ol this necessary service, after me
beginning of the next fiscal'year.
The president of the Merchants' Ass
ociation will call a meeting at an early
date of all the 'property-owners along
those principal blocks of the City that are
now paved with cobbles. There are a
number of blocks right in the heart of the
City, snch as Geary, Post and Stockton
streets, that are still marred with cot bl«s.
The committee on publicity and pro
motion reported that the efforts of
the association in securing the site of
the Wllmerding School for San Fran
cisco proved successful with the Board
of Regents. It was through the efforts
of the Merchants' Association that the
valuable evidence of the executors of
the will was procured, and this evidence
resulted m the selection of San Francisco.
Efforts will now be made to interest some
of our patriotic property-owners to donate
a site for this school, so that the entire
endowment with interest, amounting to
$425,000, may be devoted wholly to the
purpos • of providing the school with the
necessary appliances and its proper main
tenance.
ST. PATRICK'S ALLIANCE.
Commemoration of the Anniversary of
the Manchester Martyrs.
A literary and musical entertainment
will be given by Unity Alliance No.
14 of St. Patrick's Alliance of Amer
ica at Metropolitan Temple next Monday
evening. The alliance proposes to give
such an entertainment every year in com
memoration of the anniversary of the
Manchester martyrs— William Phillip Al
len, Michael Larkin and Michael O'Brien.
These three, now called the Mane > ester
martyrs, were executed in Manchester,
England, on November 23, 1867, for at
tempting to rescue two Fenian political
prisoners.
The alliance is a beneficiary, non-secta
rian, non-political organization, giving
death benefits of $150 and sick benefits of
$10 per week to ailing members. No ad
mission lee is charged, admissions being
upon invitation only. A large attendance
U expected. Last evening the committee
of arrangements prepared the following
interesting programme:
Organ selection, Mtss Marie Giorglana; in
troductory remarks, Daniel L. Callaghan
(chairman); vocsl solo, "The Last Rose of
bummer," Mies Kittie Black; cornet solo, se
lected, M. Grennan; barytone solo, "The Heart
Bowed Down," W. T. O'Brien; oration. Colonel
John O'Byrne; vocal solo, "The Meeting of
the Waters,"^iiss Lottie Crawford; harp solo,
"The Harp That Once Thro' Tara's Hall/ Miss
Mary L. Kimball; tenor solo. "The Shamrock,"
I). Man Lloyd; recitation, T. C. Maher; so
prano solo, "Kathleen Mavoumeen," Miss
AnetaL. Roney; vocal trio, "Come Back to
Erin." Miss Kittie Black, D. Man Lloyd, G. V.
Woods.
To Support the Entrance.
The petition of Ciaus Spreckels to be allowed
to extend the columns supporting the en
trance of bis new building on the corner of
Third and Market streets a distance of five feet
over the sidewalk was discussed by the Street
Committee, and Clerk Russell was instructed
to draw up a resolution permitting the work
desired.
Charged With Burglary.
£. H. Hunington and J. B. Donnelly, each 19
years of age, were booked at the City Prison
yesterday on the charge of burglary by Police
man McCottrey. They were discovered break
ing open two trunks that were stored in a sta
ble on Glasgow street.
Asthma core guaranteed. Dr. Gordon's Chocolate
Emulsion. 221 Davis, S.F., Cal. 6 bot. f5, smpl 6c
N. P. COLE WANTED
FOR PRESIDENT
He Will Probably Succeed
Jacob Z. Davis Next
Month.
Worked Long for the Welfare
and Protection of Dumb
Animals.
Boom in tbe Membership of the So
ciety for the Prevention of
Cruelty to An ma Is.
The Society for the Prevention of Cruel
ty to Animals would have elected a presi
dent yesterday to succeed Jacob Z. Davis
had there not been so much business to
consider before the subject of election
came up. Mr. Davis, it will be recollected,
died not long ago in Philadelphia. The
board of directors sat yesterday in the
room where his picture, draped in black,
is a conspicuous object. He had long
been the leading spirit. His death occa
sioned a vacancy in the board and also
imposed upon the board the duty of elect
ing possibly two new officials — a president
and vice-president.
N. P. Cole is the present presiding of
ficer, having been elected vice-president
some months ago to succeed Ira P. Ran
kin, upon the death of tbe latter. Had
there been a little more time there is very
little doubt that Mr. Cole would yesterday
have been elected president. Nearly all
the board were there, those present being
N. P. Cole, H. Lissak, Columbus Water
house, James S. Hutcbinson, F. P. Gib
son, C. 8. Crittenden, H. E. Holms, Max
Stein, J. H. Mangels, Theodore S. Gruen
hagen and Martin Stevens. They strongly
favored Mr. Cole for the place. Mr.
rVaterbouse felt disinclined to be a candi
date. Mr. Cole also had no wish to take
the place, but all the indications are that
he is tho coming man.
Mr. Cole has been a member of the
official board of the society fully ten years
and has devoted much time to its busi
ness, having always taken a lively interest
in the work. He is the natural candidate
for this reason as also on account ot his
acknowledged fitness for the place. But
no election occurred, the matter neces
sarily going over until the next meeting.
Next to the expected election the ex
pected appearance of owners of fox ter
riers who are interested in coursing was a
leading matter of interest. The pressure
in favor of permitting the dogs to chase
live rabbits in this City and County con
tinue?. For some reason the owners of
coursing dogs did not come up in person
or through communications yesterday.
The directors had considerable routine
business to transact in addition to the
auditing of bills. The membership roll
had a boom by the addition of eleven new
members, who are named as follows: F. W.
Hinckley. W. F. Ambrose, Dr. G. N. Van
Orden, George F. Cameron, Rev. William
A. Gardner, H. B. Montague, Maurice
Schweitzer, Melville Schweitzer, Samuel
szanich, Maunce Kuttner and Frank R.
Burkbardt. This list is somewhat note
worthy. It contains the name of the sec
ond clergyman who has ever joined the
society, Rev. William A. Gardner of the
West Side Christian Church, and also the
name of the recently elected Superintend
ent of Streets. Rev. Mr. Gardner is so in
terested in tbe work that he will soon
deliver a sermon on the subject ot cruelty
to animals.
There were also inspection officers of the
society to elect yesterday, and the follow
ing were elected: J. F. Burgln, A. C.
Bauer. William Gans, Alfonse Pettit,
Henry Kleebauer, George P. Wetmoreand
A. E. Buckman. Two of these officers are
well known as street contractors, who have
excellent opportunities to see how ani
mals are treated. The reports indicated
activity upon the part of the officers.
Since the preceding report 340 cases of
alleged cruelty had been Investigated, in
volving 722 animals, of which 203 were
taken from work. There were twenty-six
arrests and eleven convictions during the
period.
BOOKS ON HOME INDUSTRY
A N>w Organization Started by the
Manufacturers and Producers*
Association.
The Manufacturers and Producers' As-
SQgiation is at present engaged in an
effort to form one grand, strong organi
zation by electing delegates to a central
body. The purpose is to work in har
mony for the peneral welfare of the State.
A called meeting was held yesterday in
the Mills building. Delegates were pres
ent from the various organizations as
follows:
State Board of Horticulture, Alfred Holman,
B. N. Rowley, E. F. Adams; Merchants' As
sociation, Charles Bundschu, Hugo D. Keii,
W. G. Doane; Chamber of Commerce, Charles
K. Allen, O. D. Baldwin, E. A. Brujjuiere;
Board of Education, Messrs. Henderson, Comic,
Soper ; Board of Health, Drs. Morse, William
son, Fitzgibbon; Builders' Exchange, Thomas
W. Butcher, James A. Wilson; Manufacturers
and Producers' Association, M. J. Keiler, L. R.
Mead, J. W. Kerr.
Julius Sonntag, president of the Manu
facturers and Producers' Association,
stated the purpose of the meeting: He
was elected chairman and C. L. C. Blethen
secretary.
"In order that you may understand
what we purpose to do for the State, if
possible," he said, "let me read you some
suggestions ironi our late manager, Mr.
Tacy, now in the East."
The ideas advanced by Mr. Tacy were
principally that textbooks on home in
dustries should be placed in the public
schools, that the lumber industry needs
greater attention, and that, contrary to
the generally expressed opinion, this
State has the finest hard wood in the
world for furniture manufacture.
The matter was informally discussed in
brief speeches by J. W. Kerr, J. Richard
Freud, Charles Bundschu and others.
The unanimous opinion was that the idea
is fxcellent.
The meeting adjourned to meet a week
from next Wednesday at 3 p. m., with the
understanding that the president and sec
retary shall in the meantime prepare a
document setting forth the plans of the
intended organization for distribution to
the various clubs and associations.
AT GREATER SPEED.
Supervisors Agree to Let the Southern
Pacific Trains Run Faster Within
the City Limits.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors decided yesterday to recom
mend that the ordinance regulating the
speed of trains in the City and County of
San Francisco be amended to allow the
Southern Pacific Company to run its trains
at fifteen miles per hour between Third
and Townsend streets and the Valencia
street station, and at thirty miles per hour
between the latter point and the County
line. J
J. A. Fillmore represented the company
and explained that the corporation had
placed gates and bells at all crossings so
there was no danger to vehicles or pedes
trians. He stated it was the desire of the
Southern Pacific Company to reduce the
running lime between Third i\nd Town
send and Valencia-street stations from
twelve to ten minutes and between Valen
cia street and tbe County line from twelve
to seven minutes.
The reason of the desired change was
because it was Intended, at the request of
the patrons, to reduce tne time of tne trip
from this City to San Jose by eight min
utes. __
ENTRIES FOR THE RACES.
Handicaps and Programme for the Telo
drome Opening Meet to Be Held
To-Uorrow Afternoon.
The entries, handicaps and general pro
gramme of the opening meet of the new
Velodrome bicycle track at Hayes and
Baker streets, wnich will beheld to-mor
row afternoon, have just been given out,
as follows :
First event— Match race, professional, one
mile, paced by a single rider, time limit of
2:15; purse $200 to winner and $100 to loser:
Walter F. Foster, O. C. W., vs. Charles S. Wells,
B. C. W.
Second event— J. S. Brereton, R. A. C, will
attempt to lower all amateur records from two
to five miles with a flying stark
Third event— Velodrome shield race, one
mile, professional; prizes : first $30, second
$20, third $10. The winner of this race will
receive $10 per week while the shield Is rlgnt
fully helffby him. First and second in each
heat to qualify for final. First heat— Hardy
Downing, G. C. C, San Jose; C. E. Dow, C. C.
C, Seattle; Peter Metcalf, I. C. C, San Fran
cisco; H. F. Terrlll, B. C. W., San Francisco.
Second heat— H. E. McCrea, B. C. W., Los An
geles; Ed Chapman, G. C. W., Napa; J. E. Ed
wards, 1. C. C. San Francisco; D. E. Whitman,
G. C. C, Los Angeles.
Third heat— W. E. Becker, O. C. W., Minne
apolis; W. A. Terrill. B. C. W., San Francisco;
A. N.Jones, 0. C. W., San Francisco; Russell
Cushing, G. C. C, San Jose.
Fourth event— Amateur invitation race, one
mile. Prizes — First, diamond ring, $35; sec
ond, diamond stud, $25; third, diamond
locket, $15. First and second in each heat to
qualify for the final. First heat— C. D. Bates.
R. A. C, Oakland; J. R. Kenna, B. C. \V., Oak
land; G. H. Crafts, Acme, Oakland; B. C. Ray
naud, B. C. W., San Francisco; G. H. Hamlin,
S. F. R. C, Sacrameuto.
Second heat— P. R. Mott, R. A. C, Oakland;
H. W. Squires, Acme, Oakland: C. J. Birdsull,
C. C. C, San Francisco; Tony Alborelli, O. C.
W., San Francisco; Charles" Krafts, B. C. W.,
San Francisco.
Third heat— E. W. Decker, Acme, Oakland;
C. D. Gooch, R. A. C, Oakland; S. B. Vincent,
B. c. W., San Francisco; S. W. Leitch, C. C. W.,
Sacramento.
Fifth event— Two miles, paced by two single
ridels, time limit 4:50. Foster vs. Weils.
Sixth event — Final heat snield race.
Seventh event — Final heat invitation race.
Eighth event— Two mile Chinese race, in cos
tume.
Xinth event— C. D. Gooch and B. A. Elford,
R. A. C, will attempt to lower the half-mile
amateur tandem reco'd.
Tenth event— C. J. Birdsall and A. Thisen.
C. C. C, will attempt to lower the one mile
amateur tandem record.
Eleventh event— Quadruplet exhibition, one
mile: George E. Dixon, captain; Byd B. Vin
cent, Charles Krafts. W. L. ix>hse.
Twelfth event, professional handicap — One
mile; first heat, three men to qualify in each
he&t for the final: W. A. Terrill, a. C.W.,San
Francisco, scratch; W. E. Becker, O. C. W\,
Minneapolis, 20 yards; H. Downing, G. C. C,
San Jose, 35 yards; H. E. McCrea, B. C. W.,
Los Angeles, 50 yards; J. E. Edwards, I. C. C,
San Francisco, 65 yards; Ed. Chapman, O. C.
W., Napa, 100 yards.
Second heat— A. N\ Jones, O. C. W., San Fran
cisco, scratch; H. F. Terrill, B. C. \V\, San Fran
cisco, 30 yards; D. C. Wnitman, G. C. C, Los
Angeles, 40 yards; C. E. Dow, C. C. C, Seatde,
55 yards; R. Cushing, G. C. C, San Jose. 75
yards; P. Metcalf, San Francisco, 120 yerds.
Thirteenth event, match race, rive miles,
! paced by tandem, time limit 12:50— Foster vs.
Wells.
Fourteenth event— Final heat, handicap,
professional.
The handicapping was done by R. A.
Smyth, official bandicapper of the League
of American Wheelmen, and the meet will
be under the direct supervision of R. M.
Welch, chairman racing board, F. H.
Kerrigan, chief consul, and the other
prominent league officials.
The racers are al! said to be in splendid
condition, particularly Wells and Fosier,
and the series of match races between
these two champions will be well worth
seeing. Becker, the Eastern five-mile
champion, will make the events speedy,
and the Terrill brothers. Downing and
McCrea are in line for winning brackets.
Reserved seats for the races can be had
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s music-store.
There has been a large advance sale of
seats.
1- ire Department.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday after
noon and accepted the resignation of A. W.
Thompson, engineer of engine 29. John Barry
was appointed to fill the vacancy and D. Me-
Laiighlin was api ointed engineer of engine
18, vice Bennett, deceased.
HEW TO-DAY.
What's
Ten
Dollars
?
It's enough to pay for a
handsome suit, made to your
order in the extreme of
fashion, good, honest fabrics,
and good, honest tailoring ;
a perfect fit guaranteed.
Just such suits as retail
tailors charge $20 and $25
for. We are the only firm
who can make suits to order
at wholesale prices.
' Kept in repair for one year
free. Trousers to order $3.
COLUMBIAN
WOOLEN MILLS
(S. N. WOOD « CO.),
541 Market St., and Cor.
Powell & Eddy Sts.
Wrighrs Mai Viable Pills
?mv- ifMpACHK, UIDDIN-KSS, CONSTIPA
Ssiiiisjific iliS
contains nothing that la or the least inWv^ '?? ■
NEW TO-DAT.' ' '
Tea"
SAMPLE FREE
1 5c to 25c SAVED
On Each Pound You Buy
DIRECT AT OUR STORES
WE RUN 100 STORES, THAT'S WHY
' t WE—
BUY CHEAPER, SELL CHEAPER
YOU SAVE— —'v;
Peddlers', . i»v |-| .
cr B e c n ;r Profits
Middlemen's A A M±±%ihJ
TEST THIS STATEMENT
By Calling at any of our stores and
getting a
SAMPLE OF TEA FREE!
We K..,p Grery Kind of xea That Crows.
IMMSOfIE PRESENTS GIVEf.
Great American Imp Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES'.
1244 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
2510 Mission st. 318 Third st.
14* Sixth st. 3008 Fillnore st.
617 Kcarny st 7 965 Market st.
■419 Polk st. v. , 3006 Sixteenth at.
mi .Montgomery by*. 104 Second st.
833 Hayes st. 3285 Mission st.
52 Market St. (Headquarters), S. P.
io«3 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
•Si San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oaklanf
v 135S Park at.. Alameda. " '
S Philadelphia
I Shoe Co. Ho. 10 Third St.
» STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
NEWER, SHOFiS
PRETTIER Ulll/JJkJ
AT BEDROCK PRICES CAN BE FOUND IN
our store than anywhere else In this city.
Shoes made after our own ideas, made to wear
we.!, looi well and fit well. We are making a
specialty of Ladles' $2 Shoes this week. We are
blockaded by the Spreckels fence and are com-
pelled to sell chfap. You may have heard us say
so before. Bat did yon ever compare our shoes
and prices with those bought from other dealer* ?
There U no retailer in this city giving the values
we are for ?2. Ladles' Kr.n?aroo, Calf button,
straight foxed, new coin toe, doable soles, reversed
button fly, a fine winter shoe, reduced to $2; sold
elsewhere for 93. ; •"-.■_____
m^^^B mmmmmmmm^^t > Ladies' ■ Twentieth
_~-7i I Century I«oe : Hhoon. .
with kid or cloth tops, y
durable soles, straight
foxed, with kid tops
V \. or circular vamps and
fl^HHB^, V^J ■ cloth tops, pointed toes
and patent leather
f * ->v tips: every pair guar-
V.-. ' *^Sp»^M^ If anteed. The very lat-
esr, - swellest styles. I
Mr' ilmu irtf* Beduced to 32.
5»2.00.
Ladles' Extra Fine &~-~£4 . (A-HA
Vlcl Kid Button, with m^ (w( V^l
either cloth' or kid tops, 1 Wl 1,1
pointed or narrow square m lAg
toes and patent leather g* I "*"«w^^k. Mr
tips, pliable soles, for iMhP^^*^^ , _«]
one week reduced to $2. tBC-Nw^ ]^
. da.op.
SPECIAL- LADIES' EXTRA
QUALITY FINE RUBBERS,
extra light, reduced to 25c.
ITS" Country orders solicited.
PS" Send for New Illustrated Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
1O Third Street, San Francisco.
IS THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMUfB
your ey»s and fit them to Spectacles and 6y2
glasses with instruments of his own Invention.
whose superiority has not been equaled. M» —^
cess has been due to the merit* of my worsi
Office Hours— l 2 to 4. 9. v.
NOTICE.
Official Map or the City and County of
San Francisco.
OFFICE. OF THE CLERK OF THE BOARD
v/ of Supervisors of the City and County of San
Francisco, November 17, 1896. ■
i In accordance with the provisions of Reso-
lution No. 16,3^7 (Third Series) of the Board of
supervisor', public notice is hereby given that
the new official map of the City and County of
San Francisco Is now open for public inspection
for a period of thirty (30) days on »nd from this
date in the office of the City Engineer, third floor,
main corridor. City Hall. ,
And all parties lnteres.ed or affected are hereby
invited to examine the said' map and file objec- •
tions, If any . they ; have, to tie delineations as
made on said map with the Board of Supervisors
on or before Thursday, the 17th day of December,
1896. , JNO. a. HUSSKLL, Clerk.
m n»OU BETX
*M- " I am BRASS BED*.
C < FOLDING BSD*'
Wire and Hair ilab.
tresses, X ol inln :.
«-.... Chairs, Wheel Chain, .
T T J ■ Commodes, Back 801 l
""•'» ibh "'IUI| , New Montgomery
w, ' ' ••• I : IJ St., under UrauJ
■ Motet. S. If.
T A ■■ A M A laxative refreshing fot
I £1 K| ft X fruit lozenge,
I mil nil very agreeable to take.
CONSTIPATION
_ _v^ ■ ...■. hemorrhoids, bile, -
I cM Wm 1 C M loss of nppetitt', Riistric and
11111 B If* N intestinal troubles and
■ ■■ ■■» : I ! ■• :■■ . headache arising
. . '..'.:..., i'J-.-j from them. <
Ami I AM E. GRILLOX,
15 KB 8 I IIN 33 Rue dcs Archives, Paria
:*llllhLvll Sold by all Druggists.
<s'_^^BflFfcWf«riM ;!> " cis » aon -poisonous
*<4HBB>-' B *£b!M remedy for Gonorrhoea,
VO^CCKEb^pH Gleet, Spermatorrhcc.i.
mKWia 1 tosd»Ts.^H "bites, unnatural dia-
MfßSm Quruu'cd |y charges, or auy intlamcia-
if<Qi f not to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
jr~J iPrevenu coat«glon. tiou of mucous mem-
iTHEEVANS CHEMICUCO. oranes. Non-adtringenr.
CI! > C!NN * TI ' 0 MR I Sold by »«-«»«ris«c,
V. S. A. .2i>«s ? r SPnt in Plain wr-:pp"r,
<oWK*«»w by cxpn-Hs, prepaid, for '
■ Circular B"n* •>>- - ;.:wr.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLKS -■ li.'rPH IL.M :•>. at foßVp'v i*.
site Law and Notary Public, 638 Sl aric« «r^T^
Fell street. Teleptpae - Pine " 269 i, "?* 'A CHINESE GIRL BOLDLY
KIDNAPED BY THREE MEN
She Was Stolen From an Upper Window of the
Presbyterian Mission on Wednesday
Night.
'The Girl Says She Was Mar
ried to the Youngest
Kidnaper.
NOT ME, MY BRCTHEB, SAYS HE
"Oincers Grunwald and Cullinane Nar-
rowly Escape Being Innocent
Accomplices.
The . boldest and most successful kid
naping of a Chinese girl ever recorded
in the dark annals of Chinatown history
was carried out last Wednesday nicht.
•Chief of Police Crowley now has two of
.the best men at his command ferreting
out the mystery.
•And a mystery it is, despite the fact that
the girl has been safely returned to the
Presbyterian Chinese Mission on Sacra
-1 memo street, between Powell and Stock
'ton, whence she was taken from under the
..very, eyes of the lynx-orbed matrons.
• What is' more, ana the audacity of it is
etunnine, the three Chinese concerned in
the' affair after they had the girl safely
stored away, on the pretense of rescuing
tier from danger called in two policemen—
Officers George Grunwald and James Cul-
Jinahe— to assist them in removing her to a
better hiding-place. By a small mischance
• their plans miscarried, and now the two
' officers in question are congratulating
themselves that they did not become inno
cent accomplices in the kidnaping.
As learned from several officers who
wefe reporting off at the California-street
station when the affair occurred the .facts
' are a>s follows:
■ About 5 o'clock yesterday morning
officers Grunwald and Cullinane were
approached while standing on Pine street,
near Dupont, by three Chinese. The
name of the youngest, a youth about 20
years of age, has since been learned to be
Low Yuen Yue. The next oldest was his
brother, and he wore a pair of gold
' rimmed spectacles. The third was a
much older man and the father of the
othe.r two Chinese.
The youngest, who spoke good English,
explained to the two officers that their
.sister had been stolen away from her
home, and they had located her on the
top story of a ramshackle dwelling situ
ated on Dupont street, near California.
If the officers would assist them in see
. ing her safely returned to her home his
father would pay them well for their
services. While disdaining any fee, Grun
walii and Cullinane promptly accompanied
them to the place designated.
Then the youngest man went inside for
a moment, but soon returned with a
cautious query as to where the girl should
be taken,, saying if they took her home
she might be stolen again. One of the
officers suggested that she be taken to the
California-street station.
''Well," said the young Chinese doubt
•inely, "I w<ll rec if she is there." - ,-
Returning in a few moments, he said
she was not to be found. The officers' sus
picions were now thoroughly aroused, and
t.hey made all three Chinamen accompany
them into the house. Sure enough, the
eirl was found in an upper room of the
house.
• The whole party then proceeded to the
. California-street station, where a great
crowd of officers, just reporting in, gath
-1 ered around. A messenger was at once
.dispatched to the Chinese Mission, and
Miss Anna Culbertson, Bister of the super
intendent; Miss D. M. Cameron and a Chi
, nese girl named Ying, who acted as inter
■ preter, came hastily to the station.
They at once identified the girl as Chow
• Ote, aged 15. who was brought to the
mission last Monday by her two cousins,
named r*oon, regular member* oJ the Chi
nese Presbyterian Church. Then the in
terpreter set to work questioning the girl.
She was missed at 11 p. m. Wednesday
and admitted that shortly before that
, time the three Chinese had come and
taken her from hex room in the upper
story by means of a ladder. She was
afraid to make a noise or object, she said,
for" fear of violence being used. How the
Chinese learned the situation of the room
in which she was quartered is a mystery.
Then the girl went on to tell she had
been taken away and married to the
youngest of the three Chinese, and finally
placed in the house from which she was
rescued by the policemen.
. • "That's a lie! That's not true!" broke
in-Low Yuen Yue excitedly. "She didn't
marry me at all. It was my brother."
Bj other stood sedately by and wouldn't
say whether, he was married or his brother
was married, or whether any ceremony
.took place at all. But the girl -persisted
"that she had been joined in wedlock to
Low Yuen, the youngest.
As there was no charge acainst the three
•Chinese, they were released and promptly
skipped out. The girl, who is very pretty
according to the Chinese idea of beauty,
was taken back to the mission.
Now a warrant has been sworn out for
the arrest of the three Chinese and chief
Crowley has both G:unwald and Cullinane
specially detailed on the case. What time
they are not hunting- for the three Chi
nese they are embracing each other at es
caping committing the crime of kidnap
ing!
In police circles the utmost endeavor
has been made to keep the matter quiet,
and the superintendent of the Presby
terian Mission, Miss Margaret Culbertson,
when seen yesterday at first refused to
make any statement in the case. She was
at length prevailed upon to verify the
fects as above given.
"It is a* mystery to me how they man
aged to learn which room the girl occu
pied," she said. - "Even now I don't know
whether ihe is married or not, and, if so,
to which one.
'•The girl was brought to this country
when only 5 years of age and her parents
are dead." !-■•- ■ '■' ■ ',' - "
ENGINEER MELVILLE'S REPORT.
Repair Work to Warship* Require* Ad
ditional Toot* at Stare Island.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 19.— The
annual report of George W. Melville, en
gineer-in-chief of the navy, makes tne
• following reference to the Pacific Coast
naval stations:
Work was done in the steam engineering de
partment o.' the Mare Island yard to the ma
chinery ol the following vessels: Adams,
Albatross, Baltimore, Bannington. Boston,
Camanche, Concord, Hartford, Marion, Mohi
can, Monadnock, Monterey. Oiympia, Oregon,
Pensacola, Petrel. i'hijhdeiphia. Ranger,
Swalara, Theti«, Unadilla aud Nellie, aggre
gating $123,362 92. The expenditures otoer
tiian for naval vessels amounted to $83,451.
This is the only repair station on >iie Pacific
. Coast, and there are now at that yard under
L t*pair no less than seven vessels requiring
*°"-re or less extensive repairs ai t^r several
y k » of continuous commission. Tne shops
rft ill edamed to the work, and the absence of
proper tools and of a modern boiler-making
piant ia severely felt. The result is shown in
the increased cost of work done at that yard
beyond what v wouia cost it the proper tools
were at hand and properly arranged for facili
tating work. There are certain tools wl)!"'<
■hould be obtained without delay, me moil
Important being a hydraulic boiler-making
plant.
The only work at the Sydney (Wash.) station
was me small repair and preservation of the
Nipsic's steam cutlers and necessary material
and stores amounting to $1642 40. The new
dock, which has just been completed at this
place, is the only one on the Pacific Coast that
can take battle-ships like the Oregon. As
these vessels are of such draught that they
cannot go to Mare Island Navy-yard when in
need oJ repairs it becomes necessary to pro
vide for this elsewhere, and as many impor
tant repairs to the niachinery can be done only
when the ship is in dock I recommend that an
approbation be asked lor the necessary tools
to do the work which may be found necessary
when the ships are docked and for the erection
of the shops for these tools.
MAKE MANY RECOMMENDATIONS.
Mailer* of Vital Interest Considered
th« national Grange.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 19.— At the
meeting of the National Grange, Patrons
of Husbandy, to-day, the report of the
committee on resolutions, which was
adopted, recommended a stable currency,
that United States Senators be elected by
the people, equal protection for the
farmers, pure food legislation, rural mail
delivery and referred to the value of ex
perimental stations and agricultural col
leges; expressed sympathy with Cuba,
and stated that the grange would receive
with joy the settlement of the vexed ques
tion between England and America. It
favored arbitration whenever it can be re
sorted to without sacrifice of honor.
A lengthy report from the committee
on railroads was made by Chairman Mer
sick recommending several amendments
to the interstate commerce law to more
lully carry out its purpose, the chief one
being that the coiuuiiitee have power to
make rates.
A resolution calling upon the coming
administration to give suitable protection
to agriculture, so that new National bur
dens shall be more suitably distributed,
after some discussion was defeated by a
small majority.
Of Interest to the Coa»t.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 19— The
following California postmasters were
appointed to-day: Dead wood, Trinity
County, C. E. Goodyear, vice J. J. Peter
son, deceased; Hilton, Sonoma County, G.
Brown, vice L. W. Ridenhour, resigned;
Marcus, Sutter County, T. Hale, vice M.
Marcus, resigned; San Geronimo, Marin
County. J. Maillard, vice J. Morgan, re
signed; Valley Ford, Sonoma County, A.
Bonaiti, vire W- J. Norton, resigned.
A postoffice was established to-day at
Dyea, Alaska, and Samuel J. Heron ap
pointed postmaster. The postoffice at
iialler, Suohomish County, Washington,
has been discontinuea, and mail hereafter
will be sent to Arlington.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original — Jesse E. Platt,
Trinity Center; John Harrington, Los
Angeles; John H. Keiley, Jtlenicia.
Oregon : Original— Stephen S. MilJedge,
Dead, Herrman. Original widows, etc —
Elizabeth H. Bickett, Portland.
Washington: Original widows, etc. —
Susan A. Gilbert.
Wan a Financial failure.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 19.—
Consul Ridgeley writes the Department
of State from Geneva that the ; Swiss
National Exposition which was held there
from May 1 to October 18 was conducted
at a great financial loss. The guarantee
fund, amounting to 2,000,000 francs, has
been all "swallowed up" and- there is
still a deficit of from 100,000 to 3^,000
francs which is to be covered by the profits
of a National lottery to be drawn the last
ot this month. The financial failure of
the exposition was due entirely to the un
precedently bad weather. In all other
respects, however, the exposition was a
splendid success.
■^
lioundariis Readjusted,
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 19.— The
President has issued a proclamation read
justing boundaries of a naval reservation
ta Alaska which were subject to encroach
upon lands belonging to the Greek church
in contravention of Russia's cession of
Alaska.
Geological Survey of the Tfllotoatone.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 19.— Professors
Alexander and E. N. Leavitt of
Harvard University were in this city to
day on their way east after executing a
Government commission with ten others
intbellocky Mountains. They revised a
geological survey and collected aIJ the
flora and fauna in the Yellowstone Park
which is not on exhibition. The expedi
tion started in August and most ot the
time lias been spent in Idaho, Wyoming
and Montana.
Suaar h'roiti Cuba.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Nov. 19.— The
shipment of sugar from Cien'uegos, Cuba*
will again . be resumed, after a long sus
pension. The first vessel for more than a
year to bring sugar from Cuba was char
tered here yesterday. The vessel is the
schooner Belle Wooster, which will take
out a full cargo of coal from Philadelphia,
returning with sugar. 'jr',l
TWO TYPES OF CRUISERS.
Protected and Armored Teasels Com
pared—Some Difference* in Navies.
It has often been observed that while
England has an abundance of protected
cruisers and in her new Powerful and Ter
rible carries the type to enormous dis
placement?, she has paid little attention
to the armored cruiser. On theot erhand,
Russia, which is not all distinguished for
her protected cruiser class, has built pow
erful armor* d cruisers and nas carried
them to the verge of the fast battle-ship
class.
If we make comparison between our
New York and Brooklyn, which are dis
inctively armored cruisers, and British
ships which might undertaka to meet
them, the Blake and Blenheim are per
haps tbe oftenest suggested for tne pur
pose. Yet these last are regarded by the
British as protected cruisers only", al
though it is not customary to compare
them with our Columbia and Minneapolis,
which are distinctively protected cruisers
and thorough examples of the unarmored
class.
The essential distinction, as put by the
Pall Mall Gazette, is that the armored
cruiser has a great extent of thin armor
plating applied vertically to the sides, to
gether with a protective deck at about the
level of the water line, while the protected
cruiser "has not the vertical plating, but
has a thicker deck." As a result, although
some shelter is eiveri to her heavier guns
by being placed in armored inclosures. she
is open to shot and shell above the water
lice, her steel sides being exposed to be
"wrecked by high explosives. 1 ' Originally,
according to the authority just spoken of,
the defense was deliberately thus sacrificed
to speed and coal supply, it being supposed
that "the thin sides wouid admit the pas
sage of a shell without exploding, the pro
jectile entering on one side and passing
out of the other." The earliest ships of
this class in the British navy are said to
have been the Comus and her mates, dis
placing about 2400 tons' and manned by
265 men.
But in the days of the Comus the 6- inch
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1896.
gun could fire perhaps one shell a minute,
charged with ordinary gunpowder,
whereas now it can fire seven at the maxi
mum and it is loaded with lyddite or
melinite. Another point suggested is that
while the decks of the old cruiser were
fairly clear, they are now so incumbered
with machinery and gear that only shells
with an unusual capacity for dodging will
be able to pass through tne ship. Besides,
fuses have been so constructed that, if
necessary, they will burst the shell on ton
tact with thin steel.
The conclusion seems to be that more or
less armor on the sides is desirable; but
the new vessels of the protected cla3S in
England are constructed without it. There
are now building or soon to be begun
thirty-four protected cruisers. These in
clude the Powerful and her mate of 14,200
tons and 22 knots speed, and carrying two
9.2-inch and twelve quick-fire 6-inch guns,
and a crew of 840 each ; then eight Andro
medas of 11,000 tons. 20 knots, sixteen 6
inch guns, and GOO men; seven of the
Arrogant class, of 5750 tons, and nine of
the Eclipse class, of 5650, all of 19>£ knots,
with modern armaments, 6-inch guns at
largest, and crews of 450: eight of the
Pelorus class, of 2135 tons, 20 knots, and
200 men.
Here it will be seen that only two in the
whole list have guns exceeding the 6
inch. The Arrogant class, too, is said to
be inferior in gun power by n-arly 30 per
cent to the French Catinat, wnich, with
1900 tons less displacement, has more coal,
a smaller crew, a thicker deck, and only
half a knot less speed. The Buenos Ayres,
built at Elswick, has double the Arrogant's
gun power, a smaller crew, a thicker deck,
over three knots greater speed, and yet
1000 tons less displacement. The British
ships are believed to have stronger hulls,
but it is questioned whether other quali
ties have not been somewhat sacrificed.
In Germany are building or projected
three protected cruisers to one armored
cruiser; in France, twelve to two; in Rus
sia, one to four; in the United States, none
to one; in Italy, one to tive. The cases of
Russia and Italy are specially noteworthy.
Still, of the Russian armored cruisers, one.
which is an improved Rurik, is considered
by the British authority quoted to be not
better than the Powerful. Two others,
the Peresiret and Oslabia. are really almost
battle-ships, while the fourth will proba
bly be of the Dupuy de Lome class. This
last vessel is praised in high terms for her
union of good qualities, her distinctive
features being her broad belt to exclude
high explosives and quick-firing shells.
The authority just spoken of thinks that
our new Brooklyn will be inferior to the
British Powerful in most respects, but con
siders that the Dupuy de Lome would be
superior to any Brrtush cruiser except the
Powerful, and that the latter would have
quite enough to do in standing up to her.
It is rather odd that Great Britain has
built no armored cruiser since the Austra
lia class, com pieted half a dozen years ago.
WISE OFFICE BATS
They Had a "cherae That Beat the
New-Fangled Trap.
The employes of the Jersey City Print
ing Company have for a long time been
troubled wiih rats. The rodents are of
unusual size and are extremely bald.
They are boldest after dark, and tbink
nothing of running over the feet of the
employes.
Several cats were placed in the building
with the hope that they would exter
minate the rats, but the latter made it so
warm for the cats that they were driven
away.
Various schemes have been worked to
entrap the rodents, but with little success.
Finally Engineer August Krone hit upon
a sc.eme that fora time bade fair to be
just the thing. He secured an old zinc
oil tank about 3 feet in height, and then
fastened on the edge a 2-foot piece of
board. Then he arranged the board so
that it would swing up and down with one
end inside the tank. He placed a piece of
bologna sausage, fastened with a rubber
band, on the edge of the board which pro
jected over the inside of the tank, and half
lilled the vessel with water. A few pieces
of cheese were placed along the other end
of the board to coax the rats on.
The trap was set where rats are thickest
in the basement, and in a few minutes a
rat climbed upon the end of the board
which protruded outside the tank and
rested upon a support. The rodent ate
the cheese and then went for the bologna.
As it reached the bait the other end of the
board tipped up and the rat, with a squeal,
fell into the water and was drowned.
"Oh, that's the trick," said the engineer,
and his assistant said AugusHiad a great
head.
Within ten minutes six more rats walked
the plank, and then there was a remark
able display of rat's cnteness.
Two rodents climbed the pile of papers,
and while one stood on the safe end of the
board the other carefully made its way to
the tempting bologna and devoured "half
of it. The rats then changed places and
the other ate the rest of the bologna and
half the rubber band.
The engineer scratched his head and the
other spectators said something about
people going to a lot of trouble for noth
ing.
During the afternoon no more rats were
caught, but a lot of cheese was eaten by
them. The engineer solemnly avers that
he saw the rats not only balance one
another on the board while the tempting
bait was devoured, but that the rodents
actually engaged in a wame of see-saw
simnly for amusement. August still has
faith in his patent trap, but nobody else
has. — Newart Daily Advertiser.
THE HOBBIES OF CELEBRITIES.
Fads by Which Great People Seek Be-
taxation.
It has often been said that, notwith
standing the old adage, "Little things
please little minds," most great men have
ridden some strange hobby, and that, a- a
rule, the greater the man the more insig
nificant his hobby. .Doubtless this fact
arises from the need which a hard-taxed
brain has of relaxation, though a truly
large mind will never descend to childisu
ness, even when at rest.
To take a few of the celebrities of the
present time, and assign to each his or
her hobby, we obtain this list:
Th' Queen....... .....:;... Music and sketching -
The Prince of Wales Horseraclng and outdoor
sport
The Princess of Wales.'...rhotoj^apbyand sketch
•■"': Ing '. . -
The Duke of "5t0rk.. ...... pig-breeding and stamp
■ ' , • to'.lectlni?
Princess Maud Ivory collecting -.'•
Mr. Gladstone. ......Classical s:udy and (for
_  , merly) tree-felling
The Marquis of Sallsbary.C. eaiis.ry
A. J. Baifour ........ .(Jolt •v: ';• v :
The Marchioness of lA>rne.Sculpture and painting
Princess Christian ...Her Nursing Home
Duchess of Teen... ...... .The Needleivoric Guild
R. D. itlackmore Market-gardening
Lady Carlisle and........ l _ . „
Lady Henry (Somerset. jTeetotalUm .>
SirJ. E. i1111a15.... :...;.. .Fi5hing
Professor HerKomer..:..Uis Art Village atßushey
Mr. OeorgeGrossmlth... Model railway -
The German i-mperor... Yachting ~.
Prince Bismarck Bloodhounds
Mr. Andrew Lang iolic-lort* -
Sir ward Amo'd. Japan •
>ime. :sarah Bernhardt..Tame tiger and snake
Baron de Uotbschiid Natural hist'ry collection
Dr. %Varre....r.t:..~.;:Tr:.Boatlns
Lord Harris .."....C rlctcet
81r £. Watkln Channel Tunnel
Mr. Henniker Heaton, ■■•..■ : .■•■-. :, -■ -
■--■■' M. P. :v. .-. ..... *. ........ Postofßce reform
Mr. F. Lock wood, Q. c, • .
- M. P.:.;...;.:;. Caricaturing
Sir George Newnes Chess ■ . .
Lord Charles Br reuford...Bu ldogs and boating
Mr. Joseph CbamberlaLn.Orchld-growing
Bishop of L0nd0n.. ......Ge010gy •
Mr. O. R. Sims ...'.... .'.Horses and dogs «'"
Sir Wilfrid Law son... Temperance reform
heed R05ebery... ...... ...H0r5e-racing ' :
sir W. Harcourt Genealogy • ■■
Sir Henry Irving-.... Dramatic curio collection
bir John Lubbock Entomology ~
If one were to prolong this list one
would tind that from photography to pig
breeding, from poitoffice reform to fairy
tales there is scarcely a hobby common to
the ordinary mortal which does not hnd a
votary among tne notables of the land,
proving that after all the greatest and the
cleverest have a touch of humanity in
their composition. — Spare Moments.
TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY.
T*ke laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets, a 11 drug
gists refund the money it it luiia to care. 25c.
CALIFORIA NOW
THE MINING MECCA
W. F. Farish on the Change
of Sentiment Regard
ing Gold-Digging.
He Is Busy With His Report
on the Taylor Prop
erty.
Big Mining Men of Colorado and Lon
don Who Are Making In
vestments.
William F. Farish. the noted Colorado
mining engineer who is here to report on
the Taylor mine of El Dorado County for
a London syndicate, believes that Califor
nia is on the eve of a great mining boom.
Mr. Farish is an old Californian. He
WILLIAM F. FARISH, the Noted Mining Engineer,
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
was formerly manaeer of the Sierra Buttes
and Black Bear mines, the latter now
owned by Director Daggett of the Mint.
Mr. Farish went to Colorado in 1878 and
became identified extensively with mining
there. He has not been in this Stats for
eight years.
He was at his rooms at the Palace yes
terday, surrounded by several old mining
friends, when a Call representative met
him. He has recently spent several weeks
at various points on the mother lode.
"I have never before seen such intelli
gence in prospecting and carrying on
mining in California as now," said Mr.
Farish. "The money that is put in the
ground counts Hot sometniug. It is not
wasted. All over the world there is a bet
ter feeling as regards gold mining.
"Not only California, bat the whole
gold-bearing section of the Western Hemi
sphere is on the edge of a boom. In Cen
tral and South America and in Mexico,
where there are gold mines tnere promises
to be activity. There seems to be a re
action in the minds of miners with refer
ence to Mexico. I was down there during
Gonzaies' adruinistrat on and got enough
of it, but now the laws are changed so
that there are far more advantages for
foreign interests.
"I can say for one thing that there is a
great deal of interest in California among
Coloradans, and most of the Colorado
men are well-to-do. Ex-Senator Dorsey
and his lriends have large properties near
the Colorado River, in ttafa etate, and are
going to build a raiiroad and put up a
large plant of machinery. The ex-Senator
tells me, too, that he is going to look up
other mines in California, with the idea of
getting and developing them.
"If a wine pays 10 or 15 per cent prob
ably a great body of ore can be found on
development, while if he took hold of a
well-developed mine he would have to pay
for all the ore in sight. I think these ef
forts to develop mines will result in good
to the holder, the company which takes
an interest and develops, and to the coun
try generally.
"California mines, probably more than
any other now, are attracting attention.
I think there is an excellent outlook here
for mining. Fortunes ought to be made
and the interest quickened in every way in
mining."
Mr. Fari6h is busy making out his re
ports, in company with other experts.
He will be in the (Jity for several days, at
least.
A TABLE OF A SPARROW.
"Business Before Pleasure" a< a Precept
Needs Modifying Materially.
As the plain-looking but intelligent little
mother Sparrow was hopping about the
street the other day, picking up a variety
of food bits, a person dressed in white
clothing and carrying a big broom came
along and began to sweep the dirt of the
street into a heap in the gutter. As this
interfered somewhat with the pursuit of
the Sparrow, she flew away up to the win
dow-sill of her friend the Man, and finding
him there, as usual, in his easy chair, she
said :
"I have observed that the different indi
viduals of your race follow a great variety
of vocations. For instance, your work
seems to be of a nature, if I may judge
from appearances, that is very different
from that of the fellow down there clean
ing the street. You are much cleaner and
much more comfortable every wav, I
should say, than he is. Do me the favor
to explain how it happens that he should
prefer sweeping the street to a life like
yours."
"I would with pleasure," said the Man,
"if it were so. But be does not prefer bis
life to mine. He finds it very disagree
able."
"Is that possible? 1 ' asked the Sparrow
in astonishment. "Why, then, does he
do such work?"
"Well, perhaps, I cannot make it clear
to you, but the individuals of our race,
with rare exceptions, choose the employ
ment by which they can make the most
money. .Now, you birds have no money,
but — let me see- are you acquainted with
the habits of bluejays?"
"Somewhat?"
"Weil, the bluejay Is perhaps nearer to
the human race in intelligence than any
other bird. It is bright in many ways, but
it is especially so in that it pathers food
during pleasant weather and stores it
away for ute when the ordinary sources of
food are depleted. Moat of our race de
vote their energies, regardless of their
tastes, to such labor as will enable them to
lay up the largest stores for a rainy day,
as we say. It is this provident spirit in
our race that leads to what we call enter
prise. It sends men into tbe wilderness
to carve farms out of the solid green ; it
takes them to the desert plains, where they
pass long years, enduring great hardship,
that they may increase their herds
and flocks; it holds them to a life
in tents and huts in the ruining camps
among the mountain enows, where the
precious metals are dug from the earth.
They are willing, as we 9ay, to sacrifice a
present pleasure for a future good. They
do not all succeed in accumulating the
stores they are after — indeed, the great
majority of them fail altogether, but they
are buoyed up constantly by the hope that
they will be able eventually to leave the
disagreeable lives they lead, to forsake the
surroundings and society that are not in- I
frequently abhorrent to them, and begin i
to enjoy the comforts and luxuries to
which their natural tastes are suited."
At tflis moment a blank ant appeared on I
tbe window-sill. The Sparrow was about !
to pect at it, but the Man stooped her. \
"Wait," he said. "Do you know the 1
manner of life of the ants?"
"Very well," replied the Sparrow.
"Good. Then I may say that the wisest
of our rHce has held up the ant as a niodel
citizen because it devotes all its ener^iea
to accumulatinp, in pleasant weather. 1
hope you understand the arift of what I
have said, because if you do, and act ac
cordingly you will De greatiy benefited."
"Thank you for your good wishes," re
plied tbe Sparrow, "and I think I under
stand the drift of what you have said
better, if you will pardon me. than what
you or your race do. And I can't help
adding that I hfar with profound amaze
ment that, with all your boasted intelli
eence, you have in your greed rpjeciei the
example of the bird's who take no thought
for the morrow, and have chosen the slave
driving, underground drudgery "of the
ant» as the lite bi-si suited for the develop
ment of your race."— New York Sun.
Matches have not yet displaced the tin
der-box in certain rural districts in Spain
and Italy.
/'■ . . ■■' ':':-. vf NiW JO-DAY^;:-
Wholesale Prices
Three nißs tie Stock I
One-Half tie Price
Of any other store west of
ncago. t 4S""fI I sill n! BROS - &co
No retail profit to pay ! a Jra |y v w." S « *
YOU pay us the Whole- e sal e MaAfacturers
sale price for making Props. Oregon en? ivooun
clothes, that's all. I Fine Clothing
Finest quality ; trousers I RETfILEL?^
for $8, equal to the tailor's A Wholesale Prices
$I 3 —; n X I1C |» 1 123 SANSOME STREET,
and finish unexcelled. ; | Bet. Bush and Pin*su. - -xi
Good : trousers for busi- I ALL BLUE SIGNS
ness, all wool, excellently I *s*>'^+ r '*s^^*s*r^'+>,'^**i
made, $2.50. Superior to J
most trousers at $4 in other |
stores. *
All grades ! All prices ! jj
To Retail Buyers
THE MURDERER OF
JAMES H. CHILDS
John Miller Says He Shot
His Man in Self-
Defense.
This Claim Said to Be Net Sub
stantiated by the
Facts.
Childs Was Smcking His Pipe and
Reading When He Went Forth
to Meet His Death.
John Miller, the hunchback, who shot
and killed James Henry Childs on Clem
entina street Wednesday alternoon while
Childs was attempting to prevent him
from murdering Mrs. Nellie Ryan, a
woman with whom he had been living,
appeared in Judge Joachimsen's court
yesterday morning. By consent the case
was continued till November 25.
Miller has retained Attorney H. G.
Grant to defend him. Grant knew him in
Los Angeles. Miller cave Grant an order
on the police for the keys to his carpen
ter shop, 1149 Foliom street, and the per
sonal effects taken from him at the time
of his arrest.
Miller has been instructed by his attor
ney to preserve absolute silence about the
case, and his attorney intimated that the
theory of the trial would be that Miller
acted in seif-defense.
When Miller was taken to tbe Southern
station Wednesday afternoon he made an
attempt to commit suicide, but the officers
were too quick for him. He has been
carefully watched in his cell, and as he
was m&king an attempt to take off his
suspenders during the night, one of tbe
other occupants of the cell took them from
him after a struggle and handed them to
the sergeant in charge of the prison.
Miller sits apart from the other prisoners
and refuses to converse with them.
In his statement published yesterday
Miller said that when Mrs. Ryan left him
she went to tbe Central hotel on Third
street with a plasterer. The proprietor of
the hotel denies that the woman was a
guest at his hotel and says that one of his
rules is that no women guests are allowed.
The body of the murdered man, J. H.
Childs, was laid out in a casket last night
in the home of his mother, 425% Clemen
tina street. W. W. Childs, George W.
Childs and Charles Childs, the three
brothers of the deceased, and his two
sisters, Mrs. Andrew White and Miss Lilly
Childa, were surrounded by friends from
all over the country who came to mourn
with them.
Young Chiids' fellow-employes from
Sterling & Dunphy's, the distributors,
were also in attendance.
The story of the uncalled-for murder
was retold time and again, and the details
are such that the plea of self-defense upon
which Miller relies is claimed to be un
tenabie.
W. W. Cbilds, a brother of the deceased,
made this statement:
"We were together in the front room of
our home. He was reading The Call to
mother and smoking his pipe. The front
door was open and I rose to close it. Just
t. en the Bcreama of the woman outside
and the shooting made both of us move
faster. I was in the lead, and as I opened
the door I took in the situation at a glance.
"I saw the pistol in the man's grasp
and the woman who was running from
him. I grabbed her and pulled her
toward me. Brother was right behind
me, and the last words I heard him speak
were addressed to the woman. He said:
'Get in here; I'll not let him hurt you.'
My brother was very near-sighted and I'm
sure he didn't see the pistol.
"When I got the woman inside brother
put both hands over Miller's shoulders
and s-aid something to him. It was like,
"Don't do that, man.'
"Just then the fellow raised his pistol
! and tired and my brother fell dead. When
I we picked him up hi 3 pipe lay under his
: body."
Derivation of Phrases.
Next to Shakespeare, we draw most pro-
I fusely from King James' version of the
j Bible for terse expressions, Proverbs and
j Ecclesiastes furnishing the larger propor
j tion from the Old Testament, and St.
I Paul's epistles from the New. Milton,
I though far behind these two great
| sources of English speech, gives us
i more familiar expressions than any
; otner writer after them. From him
I we have learned to speak of "a dim
i religious light," of "grim death," "a
I heaven on earth," and "sancity of rea
son"; of "adding fuel to the flame," of
"tempering ju-tice with mercy," of the
"busy hum of men," "the light fantastic
I toe" (that boon to provincial reporters),
| and the "neat-handed Philiis." Chaucer,
tnous;h rich in material for quotation, has
given us no t>ithy phrases, but from Spen
ser, who sang of him as the "well of Eng
lish undefyled," we get "nor rhyme nor
reason," "by hook or ©rook," "sweet at
tractive erace, : ,' and "through thick and
thin." — Chambers Journal.
The marriage rate in Great Britain,
which has been steadily declining in re
cent years, is again on the increase.
Do You Realize ?
That clothing insures your comfort by ■>'
affording protection from . the heat or :
cold?
That books and newspapers insure you
against ignorance ?
That a pure malt stimulant, taken regu-
larly, will insure your health add keep
you toned up ?
That to insure getting ; the purest and
best of all malt preparations you should
obtain
Duffy's Pure
Malt Whiskey
Which never falls to give strength and
vigor to those who are weak or run down.
Nothing so quickly overcomes exhaustion
and debility. Nothing compares with it
for stirring up the sluggish blood and
building up the health. For curing or
preventing coughs, colds, the grip and
pneumonia it is absolutely unequaled.
All grocers and druggists keep it.
''' """.-; — — ' •"" ' . — : : —^
FINE FURS AND SEAL-
SKIN GARMENTS
To order. Remodeling an : repairing at price* far
b*lotv those of any other furrier on the Pacific
Coast.
AD. KOCOUR, fashionable
*\u. jvyyyiJK, furrier .
BHKearnyStreet.
. " Upstairs— Opposite Chronicle.
Formerly cotter with Revllloa Freres. Pans.
London and New York. , . - „
" ~ ~ 7 ~ . , . .-~ — —- -.;. ■ <;,
When Others Fail Consult
DOCTOR SWEANY.
A Physician whose reputation is established
by '.en years of successful practice in this city.
737 Market a;., opp. Examiner Office.
HfEItYOIJS UEBILITY and all
ot its att end in ailments, both of YO 0 NG,
MIDDLE-AGED and OLD MEN. - Indis-
cretions of Youth, Excesses of Mature
Years, causing drains which sap the vital-
ity, night losses, failing strength, aching
back, diseased kidneys, inflamed glands,
varicocele, nydrocele, dizziness of the
head, gloominess and despondency, poor
memory and a' wandering mind.
HEART, BRAIN, Kit Vi:S-
Palpitations of the heart, difficult
breathing, suffocating feeling, fullness
of bead, fear of impending danger or
death, a dread of being alone. You have
no time to lose.
1 «LO«i>andStt!> DISEASES
—ALL BLOOD TAINT from any causa
whatever. Eczema, etc.
• BLADDER — Irritability, Cystitis,
Stricture, etc. , ■.•■".*
EYE, EAR. IVOSE, THROAT
scientifically treated and prompt. y cured.
DISEASES OF WO.IIEJf-All
of their many ailments cured.
WRITE if away from the city. Book,
"Guide to Health," a treatise on all the
organs and their diseases, free on applica-
tion. Call or address
DOCTOR SWEATY,
737 Market Street, San Francisco, C»l.. •
Opposite Examiner Office.
THE
WEEKLY
GfILL
c>{ It Publishes the Cream of the
d{ News of the Week and
=>< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
ol ORIGINAL FEATURES.
3 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°\ PAPER ON THE
OC: PACIFIC COAST
3 Always Republican, but Always
3 • Fair and Impartial in Its
°\ Rendering of the Po- V
P\ ' litical . News.
©/ It's the Paper to Send East if
J - You Want to Advertise
~Y California. .
5.X , /
} The Best \ . / Mining :
3 Telegraphic \/ News That
°> Service on /\ Is Accurate
P\ The Coast / \& up to date
oj / ~S\ ■"y
°{ Not a Line of it Sensational
c< or Faky, and Not a Line of . :
c< "it Dry or Uninteresting.
"j A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
ol Bright, Clean, A Champion of
~*1" : Thoughtful. Truth.
3" A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
J ALL THE TIME.
3IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
~) HOME MAIL, $1.50
=>< INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
5 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR AU
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
diver unchanged.
When slightly off.
Barley. Oats and Bye unchanged.
Corn continues to decline.
Beans genera ly quiet.
Hay and Feedstuff* unchanged.
Evaporated Appes weaker.
Raisins snow some change.
Walnuts firm.
Grapes duIL
More Eastern Apples arrived.
Green and small Oranges hurt the market.
Sweet Potatoes weak.
Onions UDChanceJ.
Poultry comin. In poor and undesirable.
Provisions unchanged. ■
Choice Errs moved up again.
Butier and Cheese steady.
Hides qute- but firm.
New Tor* Exchange advanced.
Explanation.
The arrow files with the wind. Tee top fl|um
at station Indicate maximum temperatnr* for tbe
days; those underneath it. If any, the amount ol
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredth*
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. Th<
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and ■is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rain*
-Lows" us ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interioi
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coas'- warmer
weather may be- expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these conditions
•rill produce an opposite result.
" WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
C>-ited States Depabtjtent of Agbicci/
tube, Weather Eubeac, Sa;* Fbancisco. <-al..
Nov. 19, 1896, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 50. Fresno 66, San Diego 70, Red Bluff
50, San Luis Obispo 72, Yuma 78, San Francisco
56, I/>< Angeles 70.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 5tJ,
minimum 52, mean 54. Rainfall during past 24
hours, -14.
A storm of large extent is apparently formlnj
ever tne Pacific Ocean ■ and will cause unsealed
wea her, with rain and high soutbeas e.-ly winds
along ice Southern Pacirlccoastfor poistbly two or
more days- The pressure has fallen over tie en
tire seaboard, except at Los Angeles. on the
Jfortßern Pacific coast, while the weather is fair,
there has been a marked fall in pressure. . The
pressure has a so fallen decidedly over Arizona
and northwestward through Nevada and ifor
nia. Kain is falling to-nignt generally over Callfor
riia. An area of high pressure overlie* the Upp*r
Missouri Valley, accompanied b>' clear and very
cold weather. Tempera'.ures of 20 a< gr. es below
zero are reported in Northt-.st m Montana. be
temperature has fallen slightly over Northern
California and Nevada.
Forecast made at >a:i Francisco for 30 hoars
ending midnignt November 'JO. 1896:
Northern California— Rain Friday, although the
weather will be temporarily fair in the northern
portion: fresh northerly, changing to southeast
erly, winds.
son,. hern California— Cloudy weather, with rain
Friday: fresh westerly winds. - <
Nevada— londy w ather, with rain Friday.
Utah — cloudy i riday. - .
Arizona— Cloudy weather and possibly showers
Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy weather,
with rain Friday; fresn north* riv winds. -
ALEXANDERS. Me A PIE.
. . Local Forecast official.
A maximum wind velocity of 31 miles lrom the
east Is reported at Fort Canby.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
* ■ ■
NEW YORK. N. T.i Nov. 19 — Speculation was
quite tame throu nout the session. Although lit
tle encouragement was received trom London a.:
the opening s.er exchange rue strong at an
advance In the posted rats to $4 83@4 86 V 3 and
the bulls managed to keep the stock market firm
during the fi st hour oi business The fact that a
better feeling existed as to the Cuban situation
also tended to strengthen the Us:. An advance 0/
J/i'dlig per cent was recorded. General Electric
rising lVs, Manhattan. Tennessee Coal and Lead
preferred IV* at.d the other shares Vs to 3 ,i per
cent.
The buying power, which was not great at any
time, soon exhausted itself, and during the after
noon specula: became weak, the early improve
ment tein/ almost entirely test. The particularly
wealc shares were s ugarand American Spirits. The
former declined froillS^iollti-j. There was
heavy realizing in American Spirits, and the com-,
mon and pref erred declined respectively from
14% to i3Vi and from S2s,i t0 31%. United States
Leather preferred fell irom tf& to 66*4, wnlle
United states Rubber common rote from 24 to I
24*4. Bay S:at» i-as fell I*4 per cent and Long i
I -Und sold at a drop of 4 poults since the last pre- |
viousl-- reported sale
Specialties were rather dull and weak in tone.
Net changes in the general list were merely frac
tional outside of Sugar and ding. The former
loft. 11,4, while the .alter calned s/ . In the special
ties Metropolitan Traction dropped 3Va- Total
sales were .05.136 snares.
The railway and miscellaneous bonds market
was lower to-day. Ihe leature of the trad was
a drop ot 8 i>ertent in to.edo, St. Lout* and Kan
sas 1 ity sixes certificates. East Tennessee fives
fell \y,; Kansas ana T>xaa sixes 1 : Northern Pa
cific firsts, 1%: Southern Hallway consol five?.
I X A; lo edo. Feoria. and Western fi-urs. 3%, and
New Yoric central coupon sevens, %. tales were
V1.698.U00.
In Government bonds $30,000 coupon fives sold
at 111:% 113, $13.' 0J coupon fours of 1907 at
110 and $9000 do 01 19-5 at 119%.
Grain.
FLOCK— Steady, dull: winter wheat, low grades,
*2 '.o@2 -.'5: fair to fancy, $3 25<&4 55 patents,'
24 50@4 9->; Minnesota - near, S3 4004 15
-stralgiits, «3 ?o@l 83: patents. $3 85@"> 10- low
extras, fi 10@3 J-: rye mixtures. $3 2 (S3 75: su
perfine^ 40©3 fine. $1 fcO® i. 90 sou mem flour.
dull: common to tair extra, ft 85@3 45; good to
choice do. $3 45©3 6a Bye Hour, quiet steady
at «i;@3 t's. "
COitNMEAL— DuII; Western Yellow, _$1 80®
2 10. . . .' ' '• 0 • '
RYE— Doll, easier: Western, 43%e. f. o b.
. BARLEY-Weak, 27»4@2bc. c. I. 1. Buffalo.
B,> RLKY MALI— Nominal. Western, sC@eO;.
■ WHE 4T— Snot marvel easier with options: No
2 redf. o. b.. f>4$ 8 c: ungraded red, 84@95; No. 1
Northern, 89»/»c. ■;-.,. - :
Options were lairly active and advanced Vg2iA;
on firmer cables, dec ined ■ J5' 8 @ 7/gc witn tue
West an on easier cab' rallied Vie on covering,
closing weak -at l&l^fec under yesterday. May
and December most ac.ive. No 'i red. January.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOtJKS.
WtttELuCK & CO.,
<4 Leidesdorfr St, Tel. Main 1954-
-""* 1 •-,• * CKXTBi I. ■'-.' ' '•■..-...■■
633 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5828.
- Uptown offlcf— BaUwln Hotel (adjoining Grill 1 1
Room). Tel. Main 339. ' ;,
PUBDY & ATKINSON Manager*.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
■ tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F. . .
■ i A uu. :.- fiiiy A.XK -N-tJOUttl^
W.A.CARROLL, BROKER
CHICAGO MARKETS. JEW YORK STOCKS-
Fast "Wire K-»<«t.' L'n'-cjtiiili'ii Service.
STIiHTLV commission. ■
Private and Bunk rfc-iViei,c«- .j. oteti 0.1 . Icat-oo
Office, Mout£i<iut-r}' Si .- aw i- . o>i:B:a
lei. il*ln 1731. - lTriT»ta f»ilQt lor L.*cHmt
86%o: March, '88 %c; May, - 86S/si: November
b3%c: December, t&%'-. -■>••■
CoKN— Active, weaker; No. 2. 29c elevator; SOc
afloat. •■ - . ■ . • •
Op; ions were more active and c:osed'weak at "-fee
decline on lower Liverpool cables Ma» and De
cember most active. November, 28»ic: Decem
ber. 29V±c: January. 30c; May, b2 s /i&
OATS- Easier.
Options more active, weaker. December, 22%-:;
May, 2584 c. :.
bpot prices: No. 2. 22».ie: No. 2 white. '-'5y 3 c: So.
2 Chicago, 2334 c: Nil S. a«%c: no. 8 white.
22f4c: mixed Western. 22@24c: white do, 23©32 -
Provisions.
HRT>— Western steam *4 05: city.
S3 6214; r>ecemb*r, $4 05. Kefined. dull: Contl
nen:. t\ 60; south American, *4 90: compound,
4V2@4^BC- •.--■.
, 1 URK— Dull. New mess, 58 25@8 75. ■•■■..
iJUITKK— Fair demand: Hsht receipts. West
ern dairy. B@l3c; do creamery. i3»^<£lßc: «5o
factory. 17@2-c: tlgtns, -2c; imitation creamery/
10^@15c.
I Cjii KSE— Quiet; easy. '■ Part skims. 33^^6^40; ■
full skims. 2^,<S3c
EGGS— Choice firmer. Icehouse. 16Va©18c:
Western fresh. 21@23c; do case, $2 2-©ss:
limed. 15i-2*l6c
TaLLONv— Firm. City, 3%c: country. 5%3
3%c.
COTTONSEED Crude, 22V-ji^23c; prime,
22%@26c.
lUcK— Firm: unchanged.
M< >l-A.SisE?>— Quie : unchanged.
COKKKK— trt.aty: 10 points down. December,
and January. $9 20@9 25; March and May, 49 25
(a.S9 SO: June aDd July, #9 35; beptembor. t9 3J
&$» 3). Spot Rio. • nil, lower. No. 7. 10% c.
sI'HAK- Hards yßcy 8 c rower. 'It A. 4y 8 c; moid
A,4B)<gc: standard A,4S M c: confectioner*' A. 4i^c;
cut loaf, 4c: crushed, Ac: powdered, 45'gc; ci-tics,
4%c; granulated, «*&&
Produce.
HOPS— Firm; Pacinc 1 oast. S@l3%c.
WOOL— Firm. Domestic fleece, 16(&2 3c ; palled,
18@31c; Texas, 7@l2c
Merchandise.
PIGIRON— FairIy active; firm. American, «11
©a
* OPPF.K— Firm. L»k». 511 30@ll 50.
LEAD— Firmer. Donieg-'e. *•£ i2J-ia2 97V4-
TlN— Firm. Mraits, $13 05(<tia"l0; plates,
moderately active.
bPM.TItR— Wtxm. Domestic. 54 15@4 25.
CHICAGO HAKEETB.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 19— A very nncerratn
feeling prevailed in the wheat market this morn
ing. The early Liverpool quoted s^il advance, j
which did not compare favorably with our rattier i
fancy bulge of yesterday. Our opening : was
therefore with a somewhat restrained feeling,
prices losing from 14c to %c- The offerings were
not very plentiful, and upon a disposition to buy
being evinced a sharp bu^ce of over a cent took
place. The gain was scarcely achieved when late r
advice> from Liverpool, quoting from %d to 1 ' A d
cline, ca ve to hand. Tnls reversed tne 0-1 rof
proceeding, prices dropping almost instantly to
where they were at the start. Keceipt- in the
Nor hwest were fair at 681 cars, against 451 last
Thursday and 1061 cars a year »co.
Chicago re eived 93 cars and inspected out
•-'64.784 bushels. The Cincinnati Price Curre t
reported favorably on the new crop. C!o in? Paris
and i>»-rlin cab es were hmhrr. Antwerp was un
changed, r iport clearances were 325.8.1 bushe s.
The weakness which dive ope.» on the receipts of
t c Liv rpiol cab es contlauea during the re
mainder of the session. The Bulletin de* Hitlles
of Paris est mated the French crop at -7.00U.t0J
bushels mnre than me average of the past ten
years. This intensified the weakness near the
close. December opened from 78V<@7Sc. soli
between .79 and .6" g c. closing at 77'LsC, 13 8 c
under yesterday. mated receipts tor 10 m r
row lai cars No. 2 re ■ so; wheat r^tnicea irom
84©S7c. closing aoout fc4®Bsc
1 uKN— lnclined to wea^m-as in the beglnnlne of
th» s- s^io:i. Fart of the time it was h -lpt-a in that
respect by wheat, but most genera. the depres
sion was one cue .0 a consciousness of its own de
me.its. Keceipts were 455 cars and 171.396 bush
••ls were taken from store. Liverpool cables were
i;i! lower. .Export, clearan es amounted to . 61,
-81b b sbels. Jlay corn o ened at 'J %c, declined
to -t>sg , closing at 'JtJ& s Gi,2d»ic, %c unoer yes
terday. Estimated rec^l^ts for • to-morrow ~SvQ
cars.
OaTS— Trading in oats was moderately coed,
but nothing to boast of. >ome of tbe elevator con
cerns bought frees ■.-. scalpers and ci m mission
houses were the sellers generally. Receipts were
I*o cars an I 62,204 "ous ieis were taken from
store. Exports were 46,4"7 bushels. May oats
closed */a@Vic under ye-terday. estimated re
ceipts for o morrow tars. -
Ph OVISiuN--— Projuct derived material assist
ance from wheat early, but like tne grain markets
generally sluniDeti off later In the session. Weak
ness in the .og market la c in the morning was a
discouraging Incident January pork closed I l"i«.c
lower. January ard 2V^c lower and January ribs
7^c lo * er. -
BUITEK— The butter market was firmer to-day.
Brcelpis were llsht.
Creameries— Extras, 2)iAc fk Ib: firsts, 38(^1 9<5;
fecouds. 14-4.18 C: imitations, fancy, 12^. 4c.
oaines— Extras, i7c: tirs.s. 13iilSc; seconds. 10@
I.e. Ladles — Extras. 10@llc: ■ arsis. fc&sVij'--;
oackiae stock. itfebV^c: grease, 2 <g,x: 1011
batter, Ilfccl2a
EGGS— Were in good demand and firm. The
weather was more favorable to this market. Fresh
stoc* sold at Sic ft doz»n.
MOXty-W»i to,' on all classes of loans.
New York exchange sold at 70c premium.
Closing Prices
WHEAT— November, 763, 4 c; December, 77V%c:
May. 80%©SO»^-.
COKN— ovember. 22% c; December, 2i@
2:-i, c: May.2 5, 8 *.6»/ 4 c. -•...-; : -
Nnvem-.-er, 17 "8c:" 8 c: December, ISS/ 8 c;
May. 21J^@2l%'--
PORK— December, $6 30; January, $7 40: May,
57 75.
L.\BD— December, $3 671^: January, $3 87%;
May, $1 10 ■--.-■ 7r
BlßS— December, $3 ' 60; January, *3 67i£:
May. $3 90. .
Livestock
UNION 6TOCKYARDS. 111. Nov. 19.— The
] supply of cattle was light to-day. Matured slock
w.s strong and 10c higher. The general market
was firm. Trade in hogs was sow. Offerings
were fair and the d-m..nl only moderate. Toe
feeling was easy and in some Instances prices
were 5c lower. >heep and iambs showed a stead
ier tone. Prime lambs were _ac higher, Sheep
were quotable abuut the s.ame as yesterday.
CATTLk.— HeceiDt*. 9000. >ancr Jeeves. 25 10
&!i 25 choice 10 crime 130 > 10 1700 Ih steers.
S4 7M&5 10: cood to choice steers. 1200 to 1500 n>.
J4 404t* 70: meaium steen. 1100 to J^su ft.. S-i 00
t?4 35: lair beef steers. :uOJ to 120U lbs. fa box
3 9 J: con;u.oa beef steers. C 3 50&63 75: tooit to
choice stocken and ieeders, fcoo to 125*1 Ib. »S ,lis
1 3 80: lair 10 1.00.1 do. 500 to 675 2> 62 85
j S 45: - bulls, choice to extra. $3 lll(£ 3 75: balls.
poor to choice. $2 00&S OO: cows urn heifer*,
' choice to prime. $.1 50 a -i 25; cows, lair to choice.
I^3utt3 40: rows, common to ialrcanners. SI 50
uyi oi>: calves, cood to choice, f 4 TiiaiO 25;
{ calves, common to i^ood. $.' 75 4 70; Texas grass
. steers, %'i -5*3 65: Western raoge steers, «.< 40
fcs-1 25: Western range cows ana heifers. 8- .5
da.6 tO; milkers and spriDzers, ft head. &25&40;
j Texas fed steer*. $.5 70® . 25,
I iiCKis— Receipt*. 28.000. Heavy paezln« boo
I fMppiiii-- lots. $3 10 a.3 4U; common to cnoica
mixed. $3 10iH 42^: choice assorted. $0 30«
. 40. liehJ. M 10.-»3 ,O: Pies. 92 5UU.3 aU
MIKEP—I-.tceipiT. 14.000. ; tuiatu: >J cbOiCw,
■ 2&3 50, lanius, >3@4 35.
Receipts at Omaha.
SOUTH OMAHA. NEBR-. Nov. 19 —HOGS—
Receipt. 2100. Market 5c higher. Light and
mixed. $3 15®U 25: heavy. $3 10*3 20.
i • CATTLE — Beceip-.s. 2300. ilarket steady
i to strong. b:eers. «3 25©4 25; cows. $1 25*15
3 £5: feeders. $2 75<»3 80. .
: SIIEKP— Receipts, 300. Market higher. Mat
i tons, $2 be&3. .
Kecelpt* at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Nov. —HOGS— Re
c*-tD;s, 700U i Marset closea steady. Light, S3 -.'5
3-'%:" meaium. $>20@3 30: heavy. $3 260
35: pigs. $2 91)^4 05. .
CATTLE— Kecei.ts. 6000. Market quiet. Na
tive steers, best, $4 0004 40; fair to good. S3 00&
4 00: cows and heifers, best, a 90©.i 30; fair to
tood. SI 8 )'0,2 99; bull;, SI 6062 10. stockers ana
feeders. *-- t>o.ca 90; calves, S4@ia
SHEEP— Receipts 3000. Mantel steady.
MiW ■ STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchangf, Money and Railroad
> II ' * re • .
Money on call easy at 2Mt«3^«;: last loan at 3%
' and closing peered at 3.. rime mercantile paper.'
I 5(60 '. ■ Bar • t-iuver. 65c. - Mexican , ao.iars, 5U. r
I «toiS.gC. Merlins Exchange strong, with actual
! business in centers' bills at SA *-2», 4 82% for
160 cays and $4 fS'ifil 86 for demand, lotted
! rates. $4 fc3'*4 66Vi commercial bills, $4 80*43
! 4 81*4. (ioveromuii Donds' firm: hikie boud*
I dull:' railroad oonas weak, bi.ver at the board
higher. ■ - : -
CLOSING STOCKS.
' AinT« * Cable-.. PO ixorfoiit A W*Wn. 12 '
Atch150n...... ...;~ 16V4! Preferred........ »«*%
Preferred......... Northern Paclfle... 15Vs
Adams Express. ...148 . -preferred. 26V*
Alton, lerre Haute 36 Xorthwestern...... l ; '->-<«
American Expresalli \-- Preferred.......;. 14»
AmericanToi!»oco. 7»>Vi N. Y. Central.;.... 85
Preierred ....... 100VsiN.Y.,Cbicajro<fa4I» 13
ray BtateGas:..... W-, Ist preferred..."..; 70 <•
Baltimore & Ohio.. 17 3 , i :dire:erred 28 '
( Brunswick I 1 /* }X. V.<t X. H......: 181 :
; >.cfialo. Uocb £•- 11 IK. V. <fc New Ens. 45 1 A
I Canada Pact 8e..... 67%JN. V., s-usq * W... 10iT
; Canada Soutaera.. .49 1 4 Preferred.....^;.. :28
; Canton Land.':;...*.' 60 Ontario. .".;". ..."..„ - 9
. : Central Paanc 16 uutano & Western 16
Ches. <t 0hi0.::.;..' i6?a Oregon Improvmns .' 1 ■
I Chicago A1t0n...... 160 -, • Preferred — -
, -Prelerred.. ;...... ltSß- Oregon Navigation 20
Chicago. 15. AQ_.. 61 % Oregon Short Lin*. 15
CoicacOikE. lU._ 4'J \y «cltic Mail... ... •
Preferred....- ....' 95 1 eoria. D. & Evaal 3
ChlcazoGas. ....... 76%'Pituourg &W. pfi ■' 15 '
C!eve& PilUbqn.. ■- tollman Palace...
Consolidation C'oai. 34 QcicScallvet..;....^ - 2 v
Consolidated t»a»..163- j- PrelerreU.... .'SO
L. C. c. & st. Louu 31 Vi Beaainr.: . ." ... 30%
Preferred.....;:;. Si ; KloGrandedfcWesta 1&
I Colo. Fuel a. iroa.. 26% Pref«TT»<s. ... 40
Preferred... 70 'nock Island.. .. 71V*
Cctlon Oil Cert .... le a /4 Home Wat.VUsdeik 113
Commercial Cable. i s') >;. L. &a. W.... ■ 41-t'
Dei. Hudson I^7 Preferred....;..'- 11
I L'tl.LaciKtWt-stra. i67Vi>i hi. Paul - - . 76Sa
i ; Denver 4 R. U ..... 1 i »/»( Preferred.' 129
Preferred. :..;... ■* •l i tt. Paul & Doiota. -a. -
1 I 15u11er5.'......v... —-. Preierred.. ;;; no '■
i-f r.i-ra_ Kiectrto... \ 33-ti;M. Pan. <t Oiaaa'i. ' 41V4
'trie..;.;...:........ I«>V* *rc-ierr<-d. '..:..:. 123 7
- Preferred..... .... »7 j»-U P. M. it M..;;. li 1<-
I or. Wayne....'.;.. 160  ' TlTi I I'll IflliwiiiL 6SVi
.treat Northern pfdl IP southern Parttte.:".*' 15 -
, ■£** i*r.... : .... -i/xfcoutheraH, Jfc.^«l%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1896.
Harlem. . v ......27a . Preferred.'..'......• 2av' 8
Kocfelng Coai ; tcpar Refinery 11 ti~ 9
800 Kin? Va11ey..... IBV3 Preferred......... 10! V*
Homestake......... S4V* Term. Coal <fc lroa- 29V,
11. & Texas Cenu..— I Preferred.....^.. »0
lUlnota Central..... 96 iTexai PaclOc los 3
low» Central.....„ S^!lcl.A.A.<EN.Miclk. —
Preferreo. .„ 3OVsilol. 4 Ohio Ceof...' SO
Kansas 4 Texas... IJ>*4 Preferred..:......: 60 /
Preferred 26s g Tc).St.Loalv!;K.C. 6
KiDsstonJt Pern... 3 1 Preferred. „ 15 -
l^ite Erie & Westa l'-'g colon Pacine..-._ 10% I
Preferred..".■...„ '72 j L*. P. Den «* Uttlf.- .3
Lakeanore..;..... 151 ,L. b. Coraace 6»4
National Lead..... 26 - : freterred. ... I-Vi
Preferred........ 91 Vi Guaranteed ..„_ 2.
-lone Island 6f> I. B. Express...... 43 ■
Louisville * Nasa. 50*4 L . ts. Leather lOVa {
Louisville NadtO* l . Preferred. _. 66<^ .
Preferred, 2*4 t.SL Rubber....... 2&»/i
WBnhattaa Consoi. 97^ Preferrea 80 la
Memphis* Charu. 15 Mica & a River.. ISO
Mexican CVu:ral... 8 . %ab. te. L & Pao . 7Vs
Michigan Oenirai.. 90 Preferred......... 17%
•tainn & a x». ......— jWells-Farco. .... »h
Preferred.. —. Western.Union.... 87 1* i
Allen <t St. Leon. -19^4*Wi^onsln CeatraL II 3 *
Jit preferred-.... 76 1 Wheeling &L. &.. B*s !
m 2opreferred...... 46 • Preferred......... 38%
Micsoart Pacific.. 23Vi! Am Cotton Oilpf*. 6«
Mobile* 0hi0... . 22 W. C. Beef — 6Vi
NasbvUledtchatt. t7W Ann Arbor 9
Rational Unseed. 16% i Preferred. 24
Central i o'. IBrooKlyniracUaa. 2iV4
auntAuiMtcmi... 6*» trie "AJiix0.....:.. i;i
CX^»i>«* Bnt-H.
Ala Class Northern Paolsts.lls
Do Class 84. 101 1 I>o2ds.;. 117
Alabama, ci»a» U!»6 i Ilo3ds »78
/.unison «5......:. 79V4| 1 o cons'dros!".. 65
Lo2ds A... 4'JVi Olmorovomeat la; 81
Canada south 2d5..:04 1 Do 6s .... 18Vs
Cen Pac lstsot '95. 100 ; (Ki.\ istsi...... 11 <"
Cherokee. 4a, 1894.102 1 to :nn>iOl 6s 95
Vo 1897...... 102 Crbhort Line 65... 110
I1 * 1898.......... 102 j Docons&s.. 66%
Do 189»-..;.......1O2 raaiic6sof-97....10-'
toes isutuo bi 107 ,ibia<& eadin«r4i. 80% I
VV h**«* Plr Rc:sss «5 1 Do Is- t fdincam. *9V* j
IJC3-655.....;..... 109', '4 I lirandeWest lsu 75
l>en & Ist 1101.5 blLAlronMtOen 76 •
. IH> «a.......... £91* m L & 8 1' Gea 64. 109
trieSMs.;;;...;.-... 64V 4 bt iaul Consols.... 127>ra I
ttUiDencitylsts 65 jhtP c 4 Pals»...H7
<- «£ 8A 0s 91 he Carolina 4Vis... 100
I*>2d7s 100 Southern KK5s... 90
Gen Elec Deb 5>5... 93% Do Pac Cal Ist*.. 10 7
*** Tex Cent 65.. l'.O h*nnnewßs... . 8'
L0c0n05......... 99V4 lexas Pacific lsiS. >9 ■ .
lowacen:rall»ts.. 99 Texas Pacific 2di.. 22V4
Kaiikud consols 71 V Dion Pac Isa 9d.HU .
ki.*-»i»u l>eumTllo% 1 t-4* regor U25.119%
la Consol 45.. 36 Ic4s. coupon.... 119Va
Juadln*..—- | r- Jurecof 1907.109» 4
AiKT2ds... 69 ,; Do coupon.... 109%
., 1>o <«i Ic2s 95 .
A ci,ile&On!o4».. 67% I-< 66..... 1123,4
Mutual Union 5«... 106 | i efts, coupon.... 11 js /4
> J tent ben 65...117 V* \ • Incdlnsde(K... 61
£ ' < <-t^t Louis 4s 1031 4' to registered...
Nor<fcWtr»t tien its. 115 i Lo deferred 6*... 6'
Carolina con 4a.. 100 i irus: rcpLj »t 6 .
, Lo6s ,119 W«o«an l»i its 106
IkOmiWestConjoU.l37Vi WcaiMu»U....Uui;A :
•**» atu 6a iO7 |
rORKIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, i xg.. Nuv. .9.—The spot market
is firm. Cargoes strong at 36s 6d, prompt ship
ment. '
yi-TCBES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool talons for No. 2 Be-: Winter- No
veil ber. 6s 4d: December. bs S%d: January,
6s 9*4 d; February, 6s lOd; March, tis lOd.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Ess, Nov. 19.— Consols. 110 5-16;
sliver, 29 15-16 d; French Rentes, 102f 62% c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION".
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — 94 82»4
Sterling Ex. hauge. bight — 4 S6s'-> !
s:er.ing Cab.es — 4 87V« i
.New xork l-.xchange. sight.. — . OTVa |
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12V«
Fine silver, jounce...... _. — 65
Mexican Dollars 51% '5-*
PRODUCE MARKET
WHEAT AM) OTL.ER GRAINS.
WHEAT—The market was off again yesterday
in sympathy wl:h a .ec Ine i ast and abroad. :
Quoted at «1 45^1 50 for common grades, *1 52JA '•
I*' 55 , lor ay ia^e No. 1, *1 17V- for choice aud
*1 «o@l 6-'% for ertra choice f r mllilns. .
call board SALES.
Ixfobmai. session—9:ls o'clock—M>v—Booo
iftls, 91 62 2..000, $1 62Vs: 2000, *1 61 '/ : ■
16.00U 91 6-Vi; 36.0. 0, $1 62%. *
SECOND SESSION— SJRV—IOOj Ctls, 91 62'n
2000, *1 ti23/i. 25.00 ', 91 6J%. >B
Regular Morning - ess lox — May — B*loo
ctls. «1 62: Ifc.OOO. $1 61 Si-. 6000, 91 61%;
20,00 . $1 61%: 6000, *1 61 Vi: l-'.OOO. «1 61: .
n.000,81 6'J-%: 12.O»o,*l 60-/ 8: 28 000, $ 6.1-
December—2OOO, 81 56y 8; WOO. *1 SBVi
Afternoon- >EB9ion'— December — *000 ctls, i
91 555;; .O.tO. 91 55^ 8: 6000, 91 5.-»%. May—' :
6 00. *1 6 c/s: W.CJO. «1 60%: 28.000, «1 6C» 8: ;
32.0.0, 91 60Vi: 41.0J0, «1 60V4
-iIAR. EY—fr rum* prices ri-e for snot goods, i
but futures are weaker. We quote Feed, 80@85c: !
Choice:bright,. 87%-: Brewing, 90@95c; .■> o. 1
«.hevalier, »1 10@l 29 * ell. .
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal S>ssion—9:ls o'clock -ilay—2ooo
c :-. 8-.'»ic: 2000, 9-&8 V.
Second sk-.sion — .*-o sales
Regular >iokxing bzssiox—May—2ooo ctls
JUOO 9^^gc.
aRSKHOOH session—May— ctls, 92c. "
OA'l1:—Steady, w»h a good demand for choice.
White range from *1 10 to 91 SO "$ ctl. according
to quality. Black, for :eed, £0i@«l 05: forieeo,
$1 Vki<&\ 35; Gray, nominal: Red, Sl@l 10: sur
prise, nominaL ■
CORN—offerings are altogether too heavy and
the market continues to dec,lne. . 1 arse Yellow,
We small Round do, 9-(^l 02% f, cil; White.
o..@Si V»c.
i.V -*107V 2 10? CtU
BUCKWHEA T-91 2:©l 35 3 Ctl.
I LOCK A>D J^ILLSTUFF*..
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extra-, $5@5 10: Bakers' extras, 94 90&5; super
fine, 84 li@4 *0 ?! bbl.
CORNMr.AL 1 C— Feed Corn, 919 5 (&1Q *
ton; Cracked Corn. $.oa2o 50 f> on.
MIL.L-5TCFFS—Prices la sack« are as follows,
us'ai discount to the rade: Graham Flour 92 85
?» 100 lbs. Rye Floor, $^ 75 ft 100 &s; Rice t our.
*5 7a.-cornm-ai, 8 36; extra cream do, S3:
Oatmeal, 93 50: Oat Or ats, 94: Hominy, S3 .(J
@.i 30; Buckwheat Flour, S3 15(^3 60: Cracked
Wheat, 93 50; farina, *4: Whole Whea: Flour.
93; Roiicd Oats (bbls). $6*6 40 Pearl Barley,
93 <5@4; bpiit Peas, $3 50: Ureen do, 94 25 V
100 lbs.
HAY AND rKEDSTUFFS.
No change in any description. *
BRAN-Sl4® 4 60 for the best and «13@13 50
9 ton for outside brands.
MIDDLING— 918^19 for lower grades and
919 50@20 50 ft toil for the best. *raaes *Da
FEEIjSTUFF -i;oied Barley, S18®1» a ton-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 823 ft ton; jobbing *'4 :
Clipped o»ts, «1 20@l 3J3 J ft cuT 8 ' *
,^4A, Y ~- neat- «halo 50: Wheat and O»v*7@
10: Oat. $e©l9; B.rley. S7@B 50: River Barley
95&6 50; Al alfa. 95 50@6 5tL comprejsad. tV(£
9 60: stcck.Ss«6; Clov.r, S6©S «4 ton.
STRAW—3S@SOc fi bale.
BEANS ANU SEED«.
BE ASS-Tbe market runs . along about the
same. Bayos are quotable at 91 35@1 60 ft cil;
Small Whites. 91 lO@l 40 f» ctl: Large Whites
«115@135 f\ ctl; PTi<s.Sl@l 10: Reds. 91 20
©1 30: Blaciteye. «I@l 25: «ed Kidney, 9_' 5u-
Elmas, $1 80®*: Butler*. SI 40@l 70; Pea. 91 25
©1 4 -ft «l.
6t *• U^-Brown Mustard, 9-' 75@3: Y«IIow Mus
tard. 92 10@2 25 ft ctl: Flax, SI »-@l 40. Canary
Seed. v%@^»/ic ft ft; Alfalfa, 5%^3%c; Rape,
2Vic: Hemp. J%c .
<I@l » * ctl! °^»-
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Potatoes are in good supply
at 75c -f ctl in sacks and 75tfa.$l in boxes; Early
Rose. 3C@36c: Burbank Seea.ings, 25@86c for
Rivers anu si/ia9Jc "$ cil for Salinas.
■■,OS.u.\>-25(540c^l ctt: I'ickles, 25@35c^sk.
tliKTAhl.i-.: — Mushrooms are dull at £>ta,loc
"9> tb for common and 12V>@16c > tt> for but
tons: Marrowfat -quash, $b(c., ft ton; Egg Plant
-'.' <a,U)c > bx: Tomatrf-i, 16(a. Oc; 1 ucun-.bei^,2ia
60c: <?reen Peppers, 3C(S£Oc «4 large bx: Dried tea
p«-rs, 7(&fe % lb; Gieen peas, 4©sc: htnni- Beans
4@sc;-<Llmas. 'J@3c; Green 1 kra, :-!s@s'jc «*
box: Diled Okra. jl@l'J%c fi ft; Cabb« c 40w
60c 9 CU: Carrots, 30<g,40c %» sack: Oarllc, lVa®
2c ft H>. . 7va'
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— steady and unchanged.
Cbeamebt— i.5@26c; seconds, 23@L'4c
*lb •••• ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ y ,■ ,
. i»AlßY—Fane-. 2.'©-'3 c; cood to choice, 20<a
21c: .ower trades, 15018 cfi la.
Picklsd— 18c 1» lb.
. FIRKIX-llfgll %i lh.
CREAM . RY 1 IB- lb«» 19C ip ft.
CUE. s,E—Choice mild new. lC@llc; common
to good on, 7@9c: Cre»ni Cheddar, 11^1'Jc; Youn"
An.erica. .0(ol2cfl lb: Western, . ll@12c; East
ern, ISOIBc fi Jb.
. l.Gii-s— l-aiicy ranch bring the top quotation, but
they must be iancy.... Eastern are quotable at 20ai
2-% c: fi ■• dozen : for fair to choke; 25@27^c fk
dozen for iancy and 17%@18%c for ro.il-s-.ofaie
ranch Eggs, 25@30c for pc Uet ', 34@36c for small
to medium ana 37^@tOc for fancy; cold-storaee
22%@24c; Duck Kg:=, 25c.
POULT AND GAME.
POTJLTR V—Dealers complain ; that the stock
now coming In U poor and .buyers do not care for
it. hence lbs market rule* dull.
Live Turkeys. 12@13c ft lb for Gobblers. ll@l2c
1» Ib for Hens; Dressed,'mrne s. 12@14c: Geese,
r pair, 91 60; *'<••> Ings, 91 .: O@J: kocks, »3 50
($4 for Old " and ; S4@s for voi'ii Hens, S4@s ft
di z: Roosters, youm, 93 s<@4 50; no, 0'.d,~?4ff3
4 50: f Fryers, S3 SO . rollers, 93 25@3 50
for lar^-- »nd 9- 60@3 for small: • Pigeons. (I 25^
150 Tp zen foryoonz ■: d 76c@$l for old. ...
- GA Si X—Hare are lower. -Ducks are scarce and
very firm. Quail, $l(i,l 25: Mallard. ii(a,i; Can
vasback, S3^6: Spr b7«H: Ter.l, 53.: Widgeon, 92-
Sinai! ; ucli. 91 50@l 75: Kugil.-h Snip.-, 91 jO:
JaM Snipe, $'■: Hare. 75c: Rabbits, 91 50 for (01
-tontails and 91 25 for small: Ura Gws", $2 bV@
3: Whiie Geese. 91@1 '-5; Brant, «1 25@1 59.
DECJDUOUS AND CITiiUS vFitUITS.
; ORCHARD FRUITS^ '.<
, A not tier car of t- astern Apples has arrived.' Far
tlmiuons are lower, "-""''""':\";',",7'f'.'
romesrana;es, 35@75c ft box.
Apples. 85c@$l 25 •* box for choice. Hs@6sc for
i common: Eastern. *3 50<g4 ft. bbL -•
Pears, 25@6Sc Ib box: - inter Nellis, 75c@$l 25.
. Persimmous, 60@75c 9 box. . . "
- BfcKßlt.s- berries are in ample supply.
, dull and weak. ■ - . • ■
Cranberr.ea : f rom Cape Cod, 98 50®9 $ bbl;
frcm coos Bay. «2 Mfi oox. -
Mrttwbtrr.es ».@4 for lar,'e berries.
Rjspberites. $fc^«s 9 chest.
■- C.RAPKS— The market is dull and poor stock
I dTf.-s at l.'@2"c a box. Tokays are quo able at
SOewOc; B.clc rapes, 85® 5" $ box: Verde V
-5(0,i0c 0 box: Cornicbo^s, Jl^bOc: Muscat, .-l@
40c; Grapes in crates bricg 10@i5c more than in
bpxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— Receipts of Oranges are con
tinually Increasing aud prices ; are steadily declin
ing.-. a good many small and half-ripe ones are
coming |v and h«ve to go at the lower quotations.
i'™ 1 * Fruit. 96@8 V box: New' Navel . ran X
*2@4 60 9 box: Seedlings ■« tO@3 ?! box:
L, ce > r k°,"?j * I @ l 60 f. box for common and 92
l.*-*f box for eood to cbolce: > exiean Lim^s,
5C054 50; California Urn--. 50©75 c: Bananas,
*I©2 4 buncn; Pineapples, f £Oi $> doz.
DKI£D FRUITS, KAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— ~~ ■ . /', ' '
Walnuts are firm, but otherwise the market is
dull and unchanged., Evaporated Apples are
weaker and Raisins show some caange.
0. otations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows : '. . '
Carload I ApMcoti are quotable at 6@9c
for *>«yals and HV»<S:!2c for choice to fancy
Bloorparts; Prunes. i^c or th- 4 siz-s: Peaches,
7.^^° for P me to choice. 6J«@7c for fancy and
9#.oc for peeled in boxes: ^ wpie*. 53/ic 9. fit for
evaporated and 2@'-V»c for sun-dr ed ; fears, 2%
@5c for prime to cho cc, 4@5V 2 c for quarters i-n'd
b©b^c for halves: P urn . 4c tor pitted m d l%c
i for nnpitted: Nectarines. 3L 3 @4U,c for choice and
S^^orfaucy; aite Figs, S»c:'BlacS Figs, 214
• JoBBrNG Pbices— Peachei. 1 . 4V4@5Hc V fi>:
fancy, 6i,,a,v v n>: peeled. liSe * Ib: Apri
co.B, oi /2 ©9 $ ft.: fancy. 10c; Moor parks, J2@
13c: evapora ed Apples, . %c: sun-dried, 1%%5e-
Prunes. 334@4c for the 4 sizes: Figs, black, cc for
sr'p^5 r ' p^f Iss1 ss a " (1 3 @3i^c for pressed: white Kl*rs,
4c: v. l0 ™.8-*^:@sc. 8 - *^:@sc for pitied and l%c (or un
pi:ted: Nectarines, 4@6c ? tb for prime to tancy ;
Pe » r ;; %% r *^« for whole. 4%@sV»c for quarters
aj^^Vs©6y 2 c for halves.
P. A I l.\> —
i i^ ABI^ AD PP * ICES - r. o. b. FBK^o-Four-crown
loose. /4 c : S crown, 4i,ic: a-crown. 3140: seed
less .Sultanas. 5V 2 c; seedless Muscatels, 414 c; 3
crown Londo Uyeis. 91 15; dusters. *1 50:
Dehesa c:u ters. f 2 50: Imperial clusters, 93:
dried Grapes, 3c |J. n>.
1 JoBB .' vo Pbi c*B— S« Fbaxcisco— Four-crown,
loose, 53,ic: j-crown. -* c: 2-crown. 38,4 c: seedless
fcmiiaiias. 53 4 c: seedles 3 if uscatels, 4i^c; »-crown
London lasers, 91 25: clusters, 91 60; Dehesa
c "?*. e ™- *- <->■ Imperial clusters, *3 25.
«iifl-^ ll ? tBnu quotable at h@loc: Walnuts.
6%@ic ?lb for vH:,uar" and £@9t4 C » a>
.::.,. , s . <jUsh " 1: Alnionaa, 6@6%c for .Languedoc,
S<§M%e for hardshell and »veiSc for paper-shell
jobblu*; Peanu 4@6c for Eastern and 4c for
(a.uornia: ' titckarj Nuts, s@6c * H>: Pecans
r<r 'u C ? ■ D): - H:orns, 7V^@Bc; Brazil Nuts,
. Vs@Bc: Cocoanuts. 4@ic?» 100.
_ m Nh.\— 1 ©12J£c for brleht and s@9c
for lower trades: water « hue extracted, s(a,s^c
light amber ex.racted. 4%®45 / ; C ; «lark amber. ,@
4Vjc: dark. 2&30 •?. n,. . - " T
B"tli a \VAX-23@.6c '%l Id.
PROVISIONS.
Prices have not changea for some little time.
- CURED MEAT.-— Bacon, Be i* Ib for heavy, 7c
9 tb for light medium 9Vic for light. 10c 14 lb for
extra light and ll%c %* It. for sugar-cured. :>.ast~
lem sugar-cured Hams. 13<§>13V4c: California
Haras, ll@ll%c: Mess Beef. S7:<i7 50: extra
mess do. $B@B 50: family do, $9<S9 50; extra
prime Por«. $7 60<*8: extra clear. 916 ?i bbl:
n-e**. $14 t* boi; SmjKeJ B et 10. V ft"
1 L.A HD — Eastern, tierces, is quoted at bo for com
; pound and 6>&@7c for pure: pail*. 7Ljc «* Ib: Call
; loruia tierces, t(;5Uc t* tt> forcompouna aud 6V 4 c
for pure: bait-bb.s r b*ic: 10- lb tins. 7Vi<ss do 5-tt>,
2 c*<. n>- --.:„..- .
COT:o..KNE-6Vi@6V«:C in tierces and 7s-i@
/8 c in 10-lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOI'S.
HiDES AND SKINS — Are firm, but quiet.
Heavy salted steers »re quotable at B@>".2C f|
lb: culls and brands, 7©~Vsc; me Hum. 7©7L^c:
culls and Drands. b^tji'bc; U;ht. 6@6V*< : culls
and brands, li#B\fce; Cowhides. 6@6Vac: culls and
brands, 5@5LjC; salted Kip, 6«t7c: salted Calf, |
7@Sc:. salted Veal, 6@7c: dry Hides. 13c %> R:
rulU ana brands luc %* lh:<lry Ely and Yea.. 10c:
culls, 8c fib tiryCi.ll. li.c; cul s 1- c: Goatskins.
'.'• <335 c each; Kills, sc; ;«»-rsKiri3, gi-o ■ summer,
20©25 cfi Ib; .medium. ;5©,-'l;c: vrluter, 7iu.9c;
>i.eepstiiijs, sheariings. l(@-5c each; short w- 01,
•Jt(g.hsc each; medium, 40<jj-~oc each; long wools,
si&6Uceach. ~.ifis&Baf S omammAsfmmf*tKSK>m
1 ALLOW— No. 1. rendered. 3c; So. 2, 2%c %\
; It: refined.' sc; Grease, -c > a.
WOOL- We quo:. Fall Wool: b'nmboldt and
\ Menrioclno. B«bc f» tt> fr«-e northern. 7Vr^BVjc;
mlddie conn i»s. t.e-. 6V»@"c; do. oefetiive. 4%
fe-tic; >a:i Joaqum, 3@."r; ao. footbil , C@7c; ha.i
tern r-gon si m.i:. 71 v *■ ' ■' \>lk-y O egun,
©12i,c; do fa.l and . nibs'. ll@llVic.
HUP —^10CH tt> for fair tv cLotce, and 11@
l'-'^jc for strictly iat>cj
G±.>KRAL JIKUCHANDISE.
•BAGS— Calcutta Gnu Bags, spot, 94 10@4 15;
San Quentln, 94 20: Wool Bags, 2«^'£.26V^c;
Fruit BaEs.r%g6c
COAL— Weliiugton, 98 f, ton; New Wellington,
98 ? ton; !*outhtield Wellington, 97 50 V ton;
Seattle, 95 50^6: Bryant, 555 50: Coos Bay, 5;
Walls«-nd. $6; Scotch. . ; Brymho, : urn
berianJ, $13$ ton in bulk and S<4in'sks: Peunsvl
vania Autb»c.te Ess, 911&12 V tun; Wels:i An
thracite, 98/^10: cannel, 98«8 50; R«Ck ~rr:ngs.
t.«stle Cime and Pleasant Vai c . 97 60; Coke,
911@12 lii bulk and $.3 ton in sks
sltiA : The Western tugarKeflninr Company
quotes, terms net cash: cube and Crushed, 6c:
Powdered, 6VV: Flue Crushed, 6c; Dry Gratin
lated, 4' 8 c: CA)nlec:ioners' A, 4%c; Magnolia A,
■iVji'. Ex.raC, 43. B.;8 '. ; uoid-u C,*^4c: half barrels
Vie more than barrels, and boxes xx s c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
- Wholesale rat*s for dressed stocic from slaugh
terers are as follows:
:BK F— L'holc?, sVjc: first quality, sc: second
do, 4@4V^c: third do. 3%c r Ib.
Vita ..— Lars-, 4»i@sc; small, 6@7c fl tt>.
MUTTON — Wethers, 6@sVac; Ewes, 4@sc
I » n>.
LAMB— s@6c tt>.
POl;K— Live Hoe», v >,4@3»/s c * B> 'or large and
medium and 3Vi.(gi^ z j* ior small; drassed do, 4%
@i*ic f* tt>. .
RECEIPTS OF rBODUCE
I-OK 24 HOCKS.
Floor, or «*v.. 4,501 1 butter, ct15...... 25
Wheat, ctls. 49,976 Cheese, ctU. 112
Farley, 29.U25 Ecs^- doz 1,200
Oats, ens ■ 22-' Hides, no 166
Ogden 760 Pelts, bdls IHO
Oregon 210 Wine, gals 43,300
Corn, ctls 1,140 Wool, bis 577
Nebraska 390 Sugar, bb1a. ...... 1,928
Beans. sKs .J. 2,300 leather, r0115.... , 91
Rye, ctls ... b..0 Kalsins, boxes.. 89
Potatoes, slcs . . 4,010 .'.umber. M f»ac_ 10
Oregon 167 Tallow, ctls .... 60
Onions, *-is • HO Lime. bbls. 81
Bran, nks 1.116 Mustard Seed. IK 377
Middlings, sks... 1,180 Klaxseed. aicv... 186
Hay, tons 352 Qnlcksllver.nsiU 41
Btraw, tons 18
THE STOCK MARKET.
The market for mining stocks continues weak
I aDd dull.
The Yellow Jacket delinquent • sale takes place
i to-!av. ■■■.*. '
A dividend of 1 percent will be paid by the Pa
: cltlc Mail Company on December 1. the first in
I several years. It is da!meJ that there is 150.
-000 In cash on band. A new steamer will be
I ordered.
Advices from Virginia City state that extra pre
| cantons are being taken. In the Con. Cat. A Vir
j ginia ml ie on account of the | evidences of smol-
I dering fires and pent-op gas which ; were . found
I last week in opening and raising to the twenty
i seventh floor In in-- stopes above tbe 1710 level
; Prompt action prevented anything serious. ''•-.-;
The Homes ake Mining Company of South Da
kota has declared a monthly I dividend of 25 cents
I per . share, amounting to . 931,500, • and payable
I November 25. *.vv- :
: . Mercur Mlnlne Company of Utah will pay a
I mon h'v dividend of~l2Vi cents per share, amount
! inr to 525.C00, to-day. > '
■ The Alaska -Trfad well Mining Company of
Alaska repor s the October clrai.-up .as ioIIows:
Period slnca last return, 30 «lay»: bullion stilp
men;, 461. -04: ore milled. 21,596 toss: sulphu
rets treated, 375 tons. Of bo.l on there came irom
au'ipburets 6.1.49-1. The gross expenses for. the
period were 423.733,'" leaving a balance or 937,571
as profit for the month. .The total receipts were
92 84 and the expenses $i 10 p«r ton of ore
milled. ■ . , ■ . - ■: ■..-.■•
I Bodik Con.— 2oo level— north drift from
j tin- top ct tiie G!ld«-a raise was extended 10r 24 leet
I thro.gh old stopes, passing, over an old east and
went crosscut showing three small veins, two west
and on* east of the Glldea !<-dge. ' '■ '-.' <■''■■ .
standard ■ C0n.— 528 ' level— Cleaned oat ■ and
laid .rack in 53 feet of the west cross ut from the
banKiis; wall of ti- • Vulcan vein, through to the
| Burgas !".l)se. »'<:■.• . '■ ' -■."-". -
81-lweb CoJfSOLIBAIEB— IOO !evt-l— Raise 1
from the main driit «as advanced 9 feet - m a 10
-inch velD or rather low-grade on*. 200 level — Stop-
Ing over crosscut 1! south as heretofore. Tun*. el
level— Kaite 4 from scnih intermedUae drift was
advanced 7 fe-'t. There is a . ten-inch vein of ore
In the top. ' Sloping over drift ■ lurt her south and
I a bo from rase 1 from the main drift. -..The north
; intermediate drift f oni cross nt 2 was advanced 7
I feet.' The seam "in- the face is small, bin good
grade. .'4OO level— Repairing vtracic in main drift.
Extracted from. all places durinK the week 13.7
tons of ore. the assays ot which ranged from $9 10
: 9130 per ton: true average $.:($ per ton: £"->-' i. ■■'■:.'■
Moso- Eodle 400 cv. 1 — drift on Fortuna
| advanced 16 feet from Bodle side, catting the top
i of tin- o d Jupiter stopes. ' No ; change ■In ■ the face
i of the (i lift. '
•a standard Mill f-TATKMENT— cire crushed dur-
I in« >'■ the week ; 279 toes. Average assay vann-r
I taillnKS 97 96. concent- a es produced. 3 tons;
assay value,- $51 08. Plate > amalgam * produced.
82614 ounces. ■■■■.'■ ".,-:'>-.?.-"•:■■ '■■ x --' ! -'■■'■ ■- ----i. '■..; ■'-'■■'■■:
Trie Crown Point mine being closed down there
is nothing to report for the nas." week. '-- '- ,-■'■■'■ .:
The yield of the Belcher mine, during the - past
wee*. was S9 ii ining-car loads of -ore, averaging
P*r &ssay $24 09 per ion.V-Th<*re were shippr i •- to
- he Ernn«wick mill for reduction 3i9 tons and 180
poun.ls of ore, the returns of which 'have not yet
b^en received. "Curing ihe week the fore* of min
ers In the B*»ichfr was further ■ reduced from six
teen to nine men. -'.'-". ■ > *.'l r ~- 5 ' : ''t.l-t^S^>^-'iX' ' r :
The : Confidence * mine ' daring ■ the past week
'yielded la mlnlnz-car/ loads of ore, . the ■ average
lop car sample of which showed ' an assay value of
«'-i: per ton. - j-.,'- .* ■-.■■• .'-;'..■"■
-In the Overman mine las: week -they 'extracted
from ore seams In the north drift on tne 900 level
6 lorn find 1400 pounds ot ore. Tbe - value of ihe
same, as per car samples, is 938 95 : per ton. Ex
tended the north drift 4 fee: and put in one set of
timbers and omine ced .to raise on the seam of
or*. The rock : continues very hard. There : are
some ver, good bunches or ore In tne seams in the
face pt the slopes. -- '
tOAi./ *AIJCS.
: rolTewin* were the =»*<=* la the San Francisco
Stock Board yp«terday:
*»BULAR ' KOBXiva : PFB^TOX.' rnWTSCT** 9:!OT.* ,
300 Andes.. ...lß'loo CC4V...1.65 10i) Sa vase.. .s6 |
•10 1 Bolltou.._l4ilOJ UJcC...... 66100 ........ ...57 I
200 Cbailge...S3 *OJ Mexcn....Saiuu S Nev....04
luOChllar.. .1.751100 0ph1r... 1.251. 0J Union c — 46
250 ......_ ■ 1.70 100 Fotosl... 7<>ilUU X Jaw***.. 3-4
- : ATTyßjrooK SESSION-— :"?0.
fOO Belcaer. . 3O> C P0tnt_..29,100 Savage... s3
500 B <fc8.....77|50J « <t C:~..56 500 8 Ny 60
VOO Bodle 6.: 150 Mxic 53 '-'00 Union.. 46
10j < i0,r...1.70 50 ......... ..6ai400 i" J»CJ£t>.S2
100 CC < fcV...1.65j4000ccid.....K5 1
; Jcllowinc were tst> mum is toe Pac. lie block
Itkiu jeaterday:
srenim wtrmvfmr— m-.vx
20fl AlDha. . . OS 60 Conn" 450 Occd .-..24
100 A1t*. .....0h 300 C 1mp_...02 600 Opntr
200 Andes.. 171500 01 100 Ovrran....o»
20J Belcher... Crwn Ft.. 31 4'JJ P0t05i...:.71
200 .......... .321100 Excnqr ...Ui2 : -.'oo ..~70 !
2WI .-.-....«.. ..53 100 CidtC . .._s9'aOJ M«va.e....6ti i
200 h & 8....7»ii00 58 500 Scorpion.. o-4 I
300 7*300 ..;..;. 56,200 SBdEil.-.1l
SOU Bodle .. .5020.1 ...... .....5J 600 e*Nev.....53
100 1 u11i0u.... 14150 HAN... I.IW^Ou ...... .. 52
200 Caleoa.... 09 500 Eentnck.,o3 ,0J Union 45
20 J CuaUKe...ii2 400 A1ex.. .....55 JUO Utah 07
300 cu0ir...1.7(J 500 53|30>> V Jc«.i...32
*5J CCV.... 1.661200 ; — ..54t
A*TKRJ."OOJT SESSION— 2:^o. ■
250 Andes.... 17 100 CCV.L67%200 Occldtl_..23
20J 8e1cher.. .30,650 ..:.... _l.t>6 40J Potost..- .70
650 B&B. 78"J0> C P0int... 29^00 .69
400 .....;.....77,30004C 55S0J KavMe...s4
10a Bodle tO 45 » Hi.V..l.i, MO fcß<fcAl_..U I
400 8u11i0n.... 13 100 Justice... Ok 20J fc>Nev....6l i
200 ChaUge. ..S2 200 Mexican _3S 200 ...... .....SO ]
15J choir 100 Mono It .'OO Uni0n.... 45 |
300 .........1.7o|16l» Uphlrl.32V> iOJ U^Q.....07 !
250 1.65400 I,'iOlOJ VJ»OJt^.S3
100 ..... .X.6TA-O)} Ovrmn....ot( 200 ..... ...S3
1 5Jt0nf1.... 95,200 ...:...... 08 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY,' Nov. 19-4 p. It
AlKed.i Sid. Am***-
AtrHkOM. ... 07 08 Jackson... 24 40:
Alia. 07 »'9Jolla ..... — l>6
Andes... 17 lb Justice. — 08 !
helcher... 28 29 Kemucfc....... Oil 03
Best A Belcuac 75 76 . ady Wash.... — 18 I
Benton Con.. . — .1; Mexican.... 48 bO
Bodte .......... 62 M0n0 ...:...... 15 —
Bullion .. .. 13 14 Nevada Qneeo. ' — 04
801w5r.. ....... 40 44 Occidental..... 22 23
Caledonia,...'.. 08 09 Ophlr. .....1.15 1.20
Chollar ........1.65 1.70 overman...... 06 07
C0n.Ca1&Va...1.85 1.70 PotosL.. 69 70
Challenge Coo. 30 32 ravage. 60 61
Con. imperial. 01 ta -scorpion.. .._ 02 —
confidence.... — SO -eg. Belches... 10 12
con New Yoric — . U'. Syndicate ..._ 02 —
Crown Point.. 28 29 >llver HUI 01 12
EastSierraNav — IA -err* Nevada. 10 51 i
Eureka Con... 25 — Unioncou 43 44
hxcheouer .... — 12 Utah 03 07
uoulu scurry. 63 54 ieliow jaOMU 31 33
lifcltidL.Murcfa.l-10 1.15
GOLD Ml.Nj! . . rXCHAYOS.
100 Savannah .... 45
100 do 46
100 Lock wood Con !c6
STOCK AND BONO EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Nov. 19 '_• p. M.
rNITKI) STATES BONDS.
' M ' ' Bui. Sliced.
rJß«seonp..l'9^ - CB4are«... — 107^
Ho o«w issuei — I
MISCKI UXEOW bokm
raljitO»l»^ 110 — irr,cßoinnv — —
Cat ElreL6il2s — ]Do2dls9i. — — '•'
CntraCWSt — . 971^ 1- * o Ryli. - 315
Dcnt-stet-c» — 9" V* <V&VU Ky -ii » — 94%
tdsn L«P•*l26VJl27^a l«l-stKR8v — 11SV»
itCHHrUJi — 10« iheno,Wi^fcu _ ICS
l»«-arr-stR5». 100^410 . |bacto VA L. _ 200
iMAngLiJi — 100' cKSSk-KJ}. V 9i /g 100%%
DoUnteedSt - 101 bPRRArtxJi »X b6
Mkt~stCble&sll93/4. — >PKKCalii 110 —
Do»yCon3s..losV4>C6% fcPRUCaIS«. — 100
NatVindslt: — 100 s^l.rKC'a.d*. 96 b6V^ :
NevCNeR7». 100 — |tVWater6s.. 118 -
NPCRRtii.IOO — fcVWaier*s,. 99 99^4
N Ry Cal 102 104 ItMktntiAEJs — lU2
NBy Cal ss. — 90 huns:T*TU». — —
■•■■■■Mil . — 104 MiUer-»1Ki».1U93: —
i.uWiißi..los4 — I Yls*U»WWa* — —
i<u.iiu>u< v-> 119: — 1
VTkTM BTOCKS. •'
Contra Costa — 35" |>»njo«... — _
iUuriiiUo.... 49 — \"*,mx Vailer 67% 18%
6 AS STOCKS.
raottal — i* '. -liicirlc Llsrht 49 50
central™ 95 — ■ Sao Kraacaco 9734 98 Vi
O>£Uti<tt{ — .54 Ititimnif — iU
t-acOMAliup. S9 Hi<Vi
'' ;, ISSCSASCE STOCKS.
Fireman 162 i 4; l»0 j,.,^ _ —
COMMIIUCIAI. BANK STOCKS. '
Am^rßATli - - 1 London J'&A. 127 1281*.
Anelo-Ca1.... 54 59 . ; London&aJT. - 30
Bank o« Cal.. 2.-0 240 Merch tux... 12 —
la. » lAfcTOo ' — 110 I .Nevada — .•' — "'-'■
lJji->«..ua>lTS xhs ;^UUMItJ4. — — .
SAVT'.'GS BASK STOCKS.
Oern<*t>C'n.l26<) 1500 1 t-av<&Loaa.. — 105
Hnmb>AL.llUJ — becarlly 245 —
Mutual. — 40 Lwuu i'ruai .779 —
fc*b«vUnloa — 60 !
BTBKIr RAILROAD STOCKS.
California,... 107 110 |(>alc »LJtUar — 100
Ueary-s: — 50 I'residio 5% —
aiamut-*u... 43& 8 43v' 8'v.i;..,..8 'V . i; ..,.. — —
rowDia STOCKS.
Atlantic r».. — — itiiantCoa.... ' 20 —)'
Eastern D... 72Vfc — Judson ii.. M - —
Caiiiuruuk... 70 100 IVifortc...-. - 800 85c
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
ATaotra r*r%. 9584 97 .Nat Via Co.. —• • '-'_".
Blkf>CoitlCo. — 10 1 Oceanic »^Oo) 19^4 24
Cal Cot Mills — — . Pac Aux — 4
Edison U<!U 12414125 ,Pac£oraxCa 08 100
emu onAssn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
Ger Lead Co. 80 100 l'arf PaintUl — 7
HiiftvtSCa. lbi^ le^s.PacTr.msCo. — —
nutcb PCo 25Vs Pac TAT Ca. — —.-
UerKxAssn.lOU ilo .-.unset T*l'. — —
iitiKU^o: - UilCiiiwiUJj. - —
. ',-. ', \ -' , ' SALES-UOaNUtK bjCSaiOX
Board— . *sfi^Bffi^Si V :
25 Hawaiian Commercial. . 18 62V4 !
50 do do .....~ 18 75 '■
60 Hutchlnson 8 P Co. ......... ;..;_ 26 I'.JA |
35 - V Water.. *-8 00 i
$4000 S V 4'X Bonds, b 3..... 99 12V%
Mr»>p: — ■ .
25 Hawaiian Commercial .............. 18 50
50 Hutchinson 5- P C 0............ ■ 24 87y
120 Pacific Gas ImD . 89 00
. baliis— a mcaxoox ->*a..J«.
FoariJ—
45 Hawaiian C0mmercia1.:............. 18 75
30 do do ....:.......... 18 62W,
Pac Oas Imp .....r.... , 89 123^
40 S *" Gaslight .::.............. »8 00
12 BY Water ..;...... t)8 00
91000 8 V 4% 80nd5.. :.............. t-9 00
*1000 S FA N P Hallway 80nd5.....;.. 100 00
$1000 8 P Branch Railway Bonds. 96 00
400 Vijorit Powder, b10..;.. ...„: 85
100 .do do. b8.......... 85
100 do do ;....;......- 85
—
95000 Omnibus Cable Bond* ......J 119 25
f 20,000 S P Branch Railway 80nd5..... 96 00
• ♦ — •
A Relic of Napoleon.
There has just died in the Melbourne
Immigrants' Home an old Irishman
named James Casey, who was an eye- j
witness of the last scene of all in the
strange, eventful history of the Conqueror
of Europe. :; ; " . His claim" to a niche in his
tory." writes ; the Melbourne Argus, "lay
in the fact that he was a member of the j
military bind at the funeral of the great '
Napoleon in St. Helena."^ Casey was one
of ; the oldest of colonists, having, first
landed in Melbourne in 1837, when it was
a village of less than a hundred houses.
" ' - : — •" « '"•" '• ' ' '
THE CALL CALENDAR.
NOVFMBER. 1896.
I So.
F
Ma
!
jTu.
W.
Th.
|Fr.
is.:
I
Moon'i
2
3
.■'« . ■
6
e j'
7
©New Moou.
Nor. 4.-.
_
\^~~
•
10
11
12
13
14
Firs' Uutr.i
ttor. 11.
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
:.»•. ■ Full Moon.
\SJ Nov. 20.
M
23
25
2<J
27
38
7*^ Last Quarter
Soy. 27.
SO
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
r. p. COA^T *kt> o r-onKTio Stm-ricr TtT»»l
Bri.IETIX PtTRLIBRKD BT OmCltt, V
Authority or the sipkbivtic-. i.knt. >;
Fn a . November 20. '.
80nr15eii...i...... : ..;8.57|M00ar1»e«... am
Sunsets 4 65|Moon set*. *;""V
November 189
ltS±\nm
t ! H W !
'•'•■'-'"'" i->fi ■'"-'-"• Cm,; Tl '""
:_L-W H a TTw
•io onr
21 :.. r.
22 'i2O
23 '3.06
24 . '.-
-25 4.28
26 505
4.1 4.1*; 15.4 I'i.iio . t>V\ b.OI. M 77
4.* 810 3.5,11 Oft Ml HH6 0 H
4.2 850 8«|1134 5.7 7. v ~U7
4.3 678 8», 12.08 , 6.4 7.1.4 -O.ft
4 8 ,7.3^ 36 12.62 . 6.U ,8.87 -0 «
4.0 .H.J9 a.4 l.bl -46 ft.'Jd tail
6. a 868 [ a.O :t.u6 4.1 10.17 0 7
;; NorK-ln the atiove ex poult ion of ' tn# tlilx. li>. ;
tariy.mornln, tide. an. c |v. n In' the ' l" [" hJ Hid
eolumr,, and th. .ucc-ml*. lid., of tb> <la% in m .
•rder of occurrence *i 10 time. Th. nhUuiu
column ives th« second tkl. of the A*rTth* ifiWd
■ time column the third ? tld#.- and t««. = liiv or ' "' ( |
tan/t column gives the lam .1,1. of the "«»»•,„!
i wn«u ; there ar« but thrse , .id,., . M Km,!X m ,!" ': •
I »ccnrs.- The b.l c t.L. gi» Bn are . d ,m.o* ™ti "hi -
soundings on the United -.suum . com t.arr?r
charts, except when a minus «l S a (_, nrßOml.»n rßOml .» .„«
height, and then tlis number tlven to inbtraSuv!
ma U» d*ath eaaru. "■ • a "- rMMT-
OCEAN STEAMERS
Date* of Departure From S»n Francisco.
«T -. * M ■■ H
H * v»T I O N*.
S » l,«.
I "t -R.
Waila\Va>!a I Vie * .Pgi »na I Nov _'U J*aii j Pier.*'
K. BUnchrd ' Oregon ports.. '■■ Nov 'JO, :spm Pier 13
Farallon.7.. taaam» Bay . ' Nov2l.'9am Ker 2
bant* Kosa. ! San Diego..:.'. I Nov -.'l.llaii , lift 11
Pomona.... ! Hnmboldtßa\ ' Not 'Jl. Vr«;i i«>r9
4.rc»i» Cocwßay..... Nuv'Ji.lO4M Her 13
Uoosliay^;. 'Nfwpor XoVJ3..lav fier II
De: Norte... Grays Harbor. Nov.' 3. 6pm .:...-•-•
Colnmbla... ' Portland ......v >'0v24.10am Me»2i
I 0r0tik...... San XJ1050.:..: \"ov2s,llaii l*l?ri'.
Drizaba...... Mexic0........ Nov 25. ■ Pier 11
Mexico...... ! V!c <t Snd Nov 23. 9am Pier9f
Empire..... ■■ Ore«on ports. . Nov 6pm j Pier 13
Eureka..... ! Newport ...... ->0v27. (-am , Plsfii
Rr nz- of fat |['orbnl .-1 V'VifllU'. >'■—':
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
T-»« -1
I
i- K'i*
i r '
Allceßiatscharu Portland ..Nov 20
fr'arallon I Vmu.q* mm.-* — >ov 20
City Sydney.... • Panama....... Nov 20
Pomona.. Humbold; Bay. Nov 20
Columbia ... ; Portland. ........ . Nov 21
Coos 8ay. ...... Newport.:. ..*.™.. :t.... I ..I«iov21
Hex c 0......... Victoria * Puget Sound ..Nov2l
San Benlto. Tacoma.... .Soy 21
Del None ttravs HnrlJor. .Nov 21
Wuhienaw Seattle;.:... ..>"ov 22
North iort.... : Humboldt 8ay.... Soy .8
C0r0na.V. ;......' \^»n Dieeo. . Kov M
Cltv of Everett, i Departure flay Nor 23
Kmplrb ......... P0rt1and............. »Nov 21
City of Peking.. China and Japan. Nov -'•*
H0mer.......... Coos Bay .Soy 24
Kureea. ....... I Newport. .......... Tiov 26
State of Cat.... i Portland. ... Nov J6
City i'uebla | Victoria <fc Poget Sound ...Vov2B
Arcata.......... Coos 8ay.:..:....... .... ..Nor 27
Santa Ko*a s»an 01eic0....... ..Nor 27
Crescent I'ttv. Crescent Cltv......^..'. ■ ..Nov'Jß
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States HvdrogTapnle
Office located in . the Merchants' Exchange la
maintained In. San Francisco for the ; benefit .o!
mariners without regard to nationality and tree ot
ext>«nse. .-■ .  . • .
I Navigators ' are ' cordially ' Invited to visit th«
office, where complete sets of charts and saillnc
directions of the world are kept on hani for com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can wars be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to oc-an
commerce.
The time ball on top of the build on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal . received each day from the
United States Naval Observatory m: Mare Island,
Cal. i .
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any. Is '
published the same day Dy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following J»v.
W. S. Bushes,
Deatenant. U. 8. N.. la charge. .
The Time Ball.
£baxch HTBBOBBAPKIC OKrroß U. 8. N." ■)
" JiEKCHiXIS'KICHASSIt ■. V
San Francisco. Novemoer 19. 1899. )
The time ball on Telegraon Hill was aroppet
exactly at noon to-day— 1. c., at noon of tbe 120ta
meridian, or exactly at a p. m., Greenwich lima.
. W. s, Hughes.
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
SUli-Fi-Lj j> INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
THURSDAY. November 19.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 63 hours frm San
Diego, etc; pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins &
Co. -
Stmr Alameda, . Van Oterendorp, 24 days 7 j
hours from Sydney, via Honolulu 6 days 21 hours '
•nd 15 mln ; pass and mdse, to J D Spreckeis <&
Bros Co.
Stmr Trnckee, Daniels. 45 hours from Coos
Bay: coa . to J D Spreckeis <fc Bros Co.
Stmr Arcata, Cousins, 60 hourj from Coos Bay.
via Port Orford 43 hours; pass and mdse, to O C
& N CO.
stmr Weeott, Whitney. 16 hours from Albion; I
lumber, 10 Albion Lumber Co. .
Stmr Gipsy. Le.an.i, 23 hours frm Mosi Landing,
etc: produce, to Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Bktn Catherine Sudden, Matbi-son. 14 days
rum olympla: bound to San Diego. Put in here
md s'.rets. .
Schr Coquelle, Pearson. 11 days from Coqullle
River: 1 .0 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Marion, Genercaux, 13 days from Grays
Harbor; aii M ft lumber, to 5 H Harmon Lum
ber Co.
schr Moro. Jorgen<ieo. 5 days from Coanllle
River: m<lse, to J S Klmr>all. '>
Schr Vega, Rasmussen, 9% days from Port
Blakeley: lumber, to lien ton. Holmes & Co.
Schr Lily, Botlger, 1 ■ uaya irom LmpquaKiver;
lumber an 1 produce, o Gardin-r Mill Co.
Schr Boy Somers, Olsen, 9 days from Tacoma;
390 M ft lumber, to Hanson d. Co.
Cleared.
THURSDAY. November 19. .
, Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and Pon
Townsend: Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Queen Olga, Harris, Bombay: Epplnzer
& Co. . . •
. Br ship Boss-shire. . Baxter. London: Balfoor,
Gu tirl.- A Co. . .
Br snip Cromarty3hire, Henderson. Queenstown;
Glrvin & Eyre. - • •; .
Br ship Rahane, Collins. London; Baifour, Guth
rie >& Co.
Failed.
THURSDAY. November 19.
Stmr Bonlta, Reed. Coos Bay.
Stmr Eureka, Hansons. San Pedro.
Stmr State of California. Ackler, Astoria.
S.mr Queen Ulea, Har Is, Bombay.
stmr Mackinaw. Littlefield. Tacoma,
Btmr Noyo, Levinson. Fort Bra;;. .
B:.ip Yosemi.e, Fu.lerton, Pugel Sound.
Bark Vldetie. Wei are. .
hutn Retriever 80-<an, Port Hadlock. </• ;-
Schr Edward Parke, Anderson, Grays Harbor.
>t . ;■.". •»-oi«'!cr.»uaic.
POTjrr LOBOS. Nov. 19-10 •- ¥.—Wea:aS
clouay; wind N£; velocl y 14 miles.
-. Charters
The Br bark Ariel loads lumber at Moody vlile
for Valparaiso for orders: scar W F Jewett, lum
ber at Port Gamble tor Honolulu: Br ship Yalla
roUhi. at PerUanJ for Europe. 30s— prior to
arrival: bark Melrose, lumber at Cowicu an Mills
for Santa Rosalia.
. Spoken;
Not I— Lat 18 N. long 21 W. Br ship Dnnboyne,
from Livernool. for Ksquioialt. . .
Oct 31-Lat 11 N. ion; 21 vv'. Br ship Seafarer,
from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
Domestic r» >rt«. •'-•'£
VENTURA— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr G Loomis,
hence not 18. and sailed for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY-ArriveU Nov 18— Schr
John A Cau.poell. from Newport,
j ASTORlA— sailed Nov 19-?tmr Colombia, for
San Francisco: schr Louis, for Melbourne. - •
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 19— aimr National
City. bet>e«- Nov 18. •
SAN PEDRO — .ailed - Nov 19-Schr Serena
Thayer: KChr Comet, for Puget Sound.
TACOMA— Nov 19-I. al bark Lazzaro, for
Freemautle. - .
UoAL— ailed Nor 19— stmr Navarro, for San
Francisco.'
BOWEN3 LANDlNG— Arrived Nor 19— Stmr
Newark, hence Nov 18.
sailed Nov 19— achr Bender Brothers, for San
Francisco. - 7*n)riTrfn*TT 1 lTTpninniiWH-aiii niiri i»ijmj
TACOMA— Arrived Nov 17— Br ship La Esco
ces«. from Barry. .
UMPQU A— Arrived Nov 18— Schr Sadie, for San
Pearo. • '-•','■-
R cKPORT— Nov 19— Stmr Scotia, tor
San Francisco.
:»OUTH BEND— Arrived Nov 19— Bktn North
Bend, hence Nov 10.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr North Fork,
hence Nov 17. Nov 18— scar For.una, hence Nov
15. ■ •■'■■' .'•'-!•■ : -' - . ■ .
sailed Nov 19— -n r Pomona, for San Francisco
schr Elnorati, for San Pedro; senr Jennie Thelin,
for san Francisco; schr Laura Pike, for -azatlan.
CLF.ONE— sailed Nov 19— a.m.- Greenwood, for
San Fran is- o. - ■ '
•- MENDOCINO-Salled Not 19— Stmr Pt Arena,
for Saa Cisco.
Foreign Porti."
' PORT PlßlE— Arrived Oct 18— Br ship Earl of
Dun more, from Port Biazeiey. ■
MKLBOU'.NE— Arrived Oct 17— Nor bark Elra,
from Puget Sound. ;>.-•.- •■ - "■
In port Oct i! 6— Br bark Cambrian Chieftain, for
Orison.
' NEWCASTLE. NBW-In port Oct 26— Br bark
Ancou. for . San Diego: ' Nor baric Advake, for
Hono.uln: Br ship Barman, - Haw ship Hawaiian
i Isles. Br bark Morlaiia. for San Francisco: Haw
bark R P Rithet, tor Mono ulu; Br ship bwnnhllda
for Honolulu or San Francisco. - .
- - Chartered to load at Newcastle, NSW— Br ship
Andrina, Br ship Arranmore, Hr ship Buckhurst
! ship : C F sar<ent. bars Geo F Manson. Br ship
I Pendeen. snip S.erllni: «nd lir ship Talus. .oriSin
[ Francis o: Nor birk Fantosl. hkm Newsboy and
schr^Roberi-Lewrs. for . -Honolulu: Haw baric
i Leabl and schr Mettia Nelson. tor Kahulul
Sailed sept 28- bark Li-s Adelnhvs, for San
I Francisco- Ovt 1-Br ship James Kerr. for San
i FrancUco: Brsh'p Lan. dale., for San Francisco.
I Oct 3— Brship HlUdekni. tor Han Francisco. Oct
I *-Brbark Canolda. tor Oregon. ■: Oct b-Brshlp
1 Leicester Castle,' for San KrnncUoo. on 9-B«rK
j Empire, fir San Francisco; Nor bark White Rose.
tor Houolulu. Octl4-Hrsh!p Ailerton. for s» n
Dletco. Ocl2o-Brshl|. City of Madras, for As.o
-r a. ; Oct ai-Brbark Fo. (arshlre. tor San "Fran
ciHCO. Nov ltt-Br ship Kln|t toward, for Saa
tl YOKOJIAMA-Arrtved Nov 19-Brstmr Cop
• ■ 'y».V I. V~ Arrived Nov 9-Uark bemlnole, frm
Puget Sound, via Noumea. Oct 2a-Nor bark
Nora tram l'uget Hound ■-■::..■
«»llrd Oct9-Brslnp Kails of Halladale, for Ran
FrancHco. On 13- r.r bark ; Alexandra, fjr San
Francisco, oct 24 -Maw »blp Hawaiian Isles, for
ban iTanclftco, via Newcastle, NSW.
■In fort (),;t i.-0-Ur thip Arranmore. for Sun
Francisco, via Nfwcasile. NBW; bark -emlnole.
bark Know nnd l(nritens and ship Sterling for San
rr«ncl*co. - ■ ■. . :-\-:: -\-: ■■ ■■. ..,■■■■. . >-■ .■
_■ MpNOLULU-Arrlve<j'NoT 2-Httnr Peru, hnce
00 J.; llf.nir Kg emont;C«Ue, hwiice Oci 1«;
Haw hurt HoshlU. troru NewcMtlf. NSW ' schr H
U.WnuhW front "r«na ■■; >ov«— B*tn W H Dl
mon-I. liattWj f M-t 31. Nov 7-Isr baric Samoa, frm
NewonstK NBWJ, « 8» mr AH>Biro.ii, im cruiser
Mr bark Odkhaiik, from Newcantle. NSW. >N«v 9
— Maflt Alljertixh^nce OCt 2ft: Nov 10-Japsimr
I urn Mnrm from K(i»>c '- Not I l-.Stmr Alameda,'
•mm Atotrnlfn :: . ■■-.
.^.snlietl net Hl— nktn = Kkmit, for Puget Sound
Wfiv i) ---« .ur Pertii tor Yokohama. Nov a— Bktn
-I M Orimui, fin l't>rt lowniioria; Br stmr Egre
hiitnt f«sti<?, for Oniouna. m - ,; -.;• . c* ■■:■ f
•^T.itiTAli«=lii • port- Mr «lil(> Bacchus, : for Ban
Francisco. ■ .' . ■■-; . ■-..-. .
.I.OTA^ln port. (Jot 2— Br sblp Aberystwith
Until*, for (>r*goti< . . " •«..-.•-. -, - .-. -
:.: IHilsßANK—itt Oct IJI— Br bark Cambus
(li.on lor N»w>nml«\ NflW. ... .-.
y *"riV"i ucl "~ " r b * rk BeUll kßhlre - for - c » n
iiSJIo%-L P r
PORT PlßlE— Sailed OctiO-Br ship Andrina.
for San Fraccisco. via Newcastle, BISw. ■
' na t<* ■ It ,<
MOSS La Per Glpsv-271:9 ales oaa, 1
bx butter. 7r>4 svs potatoes.
>ant« Cruz — 161 b.\s apples. 7 pkgs mclae, 500
bb - Ume 8 a cheese.' 3 ;ix-. butter
Moss t.audi g— J,o bx butter. -~2\) sks oats, 764
skR potatoes, 5 pkg< m lse. " " :
COQUILLE KIVfcB-Per Moro— 76 tons coal,
aa M ft lumber. 200 sks potatoes, 21 eds match
wood.
PORT OBFOBD— Per Arca;a— 4 bis butter, 2
cs hi i*s. 'i pKsts mdse. .
■ Coos Bay-8 cs cheese. 2 pkzs mdse. 2 cs shoes,
2 p<gs express. 59 ska junk. 450 tons coal.
B( JJMI'QUA-I>r Lily— l 946 sts oa sand wheat.
20J7 cs salmon, 6 dxs butter, 22 bxs cheese. JiO
kegs butter. —M ft lumber. 2 bb s fork. .
• fORT H > RFORD— Per Santa Rosa-1 cs pow
der. -.0 hf-bbis 111,2 bis butter. 3 bblsglasware, 1
keg liquor, ,lbxs <reen apples. 4 dies green peas,
0 bd » p^its. 33 pkes hide*. 9 dxs t pe. 1 bx robes.
»bxi fish. 18k gam». 916 sss wheat. 51 sks mus
-1 tard. 1 JO sks ry-. 178 sksßarvunzas. 17 sks beans,
JO«> -^s ryp. 1 cs dry goods, 1 bx sp*ce. 4 roll* lino
leum. 17 pkgs household goods « coops turkeys, 2
! coops poultry, la coops chickens, 4 sks quail. 29
dressed calve*. ■
Santa Barbara— roll linoleum. 1 »>bl whisky, 1
bx grocer.es. 1 keg o.ives. Si bxs lemons. I horse,
i bxs fUb, 36 sks crawfish, 7 bdu pel s, a bb.s tal
low.
Port Los Angeles— l cs beeswax, 1 bbl mdse, Ica
cigars, 1 cycle, 1 cs cigarettes. 1 crate pa.m and
pepper leaves. lbxl bbi .-oap. 2 bb s zrease. 100
bdls pelis. 115 bdls salt meat, 22 bdls wooden
; spools, 7 ska walnuts, 2 sis chili, I bathtub. 82
! bxi oranges. ■■ ■ ■ »
- Bedondo— 9l 4 sks corn, 5 Dkgs household goods,
1 i-ors-. 9 oxs old type. 40 bxs oranges, 1 cs seel.
6 bxs lemons, 1 bx rubber goods. J. bdl hides. 1 sk
nuts, 1 sk sugar. 1i bx tubacco. 1 pkg carpet, Ics
books. 60 tcs Ivory lard. 1 cs advertising matter,
1 register, 3 bxs scales. 1 cs tin, 7 eg ca.-iLeJ goods,
1 bx paper. :
»an Diego— 3 cs dry goods. 35 chests tea, 29 oils
dry fish. 100 bf-bblt pickele 1 fish, 160 bxs lemons,
30 bxs limes, 57 bxs oranges, 2 bxi old type. 2cs
olive oil. 2 cs oooti and snoet. 1 bx scales, 1 keg
o.ives. 96 bdls creen hides, 1 bx green fruit, 1 bx
p.aies, 1 Ci mdse, 75 sks asbestos, 2 bbls aipnai
turn. .
SYDNEY— Per A lamed a— 412 bales wool, 96 bis
furs Kins. 34 cylinders. 51 pkgs wrappers. 9 cs Der
socai effects, 8 drums glycerine, £425,000 in sov
ereigns, 1 bx live kangaroos, 4 bxs live birds. 1 4
Dkgs mdse.
Auckland— s3 pkgs cum. 9 pkjs mds?.
Apia— 232 basts copra, a emp y beer kegs.
Honolulu— l2oo bags rica, 1569 pKgs bananas. 1
valise personal effects, 272 cs pineapples.
Consienee*. .
Per Moro — J 8 Kimball; J H Newbauer & Co;
JM Moore.
Per Arcata— Loushran: J M Pixley: H
Kircnman & Co; Chas Harley & Co: Buckingham.
Hecht & Co: Wieland Brewing Co; Un.on Brew
ery: Wells, Fargo <ft Co: F B Halght: 8 H Fr*nlc
& Co: Pacific Coast Home Supply Assn.
Per >anta Ko* a— Dairymen's Union; Wltzel
Baker; Geo Harris; E T Allen & Co; Hills Bros;
Hildebrandt, Posner <fe Co; Do ige, Sweeney & Co:
J H Cain & Co; b Strauss: Ed Woods: Marsnall &
Relmers: Hiimer. Bredhoff & f-chulz; Brigham,
Boppe&Co: A Fedore: v\ ltUand & Frederick
son; J B Sharp: F B Halght; Amer Press Assa;
Brown Bros & Co: Sanborn, Vail & Co: Cogbill A
Kohn: Labor Exchange: YV C Price & Co: Amer
Union Fish . o: ti Heckmann <t Co; K. A Rogers;
L D stone A Co; Wheaton, Breon & Co; Western
eat Co; D E Allison & Co: a S >ewell; a Zen
& Co; binshelmerßrus: H Dotard: Jonas Erlanger
<£ Co; J B Ingu -ila; A Enas; W <fc J Sloane & Co;
Meyerfield. Mitchell it Co; A X P narmou; Allen
& Lewis: Page* Son; V> It Knight <& Co; Amur
Tobacco C->; C A >tra.iton; Sawyer Tanning Co; E
C i-.wing; B.asinger i Co: Willamette Pulp and
Paper Co: VVm Cline: Gray <t Barbien; LScatena
& Co: Newmark it Edwards; Cox fceed and Plant
Co: Goodyear Rubber Co; J M Lofstad; F H Ames
& Co; Sherwood & Sherwood ; Pac S M X Co; M *
Mmas; Hoffman & Bo.hchlld: Wetmore Bros; \V
B snmier & Co; San Francisco Breweries; .-achs
Broi : C Shuiz: J Ivancovich & Co; E J bhattucic;
H O Green hood
Per Aiam-da— Anglo-California Bane: London,
Pa. is and American Ba ik; Hobbs, Wall & Co; J
D Spreckels & Bros Co: Willamette Puip ana
Paper Co; Geo Hermann; H A cooper; Wll!ard
french: ■ Hugh Craig; San Francisco News Co:
Wells, Fargo <fc Co: Jas A Watson; Wilkins «i
Co: Eveleth <& Nash: M Grtubaum & Co: M D
Varasa;U; J Ivancovich: M W McChesney; L Q
fcresovich: Williams. Dlmond <t Co; Mrs P M
L earing; Garcia <& Masgini: Wetmore Bros.
Per Gipsy — standard Oil Co. Wie.aiid Brewing
Co: Wichman. Lu;gen&Ce; 6anFrauciscoChem
-1 al Works: H Levy &C ■; Dairymen's Union: H
Dutard; Norton, Teller & Co: Hills Bros: Naber.
Alfs&Brune: Wo f & -ons; H Joost: H Cowell &
Ca: Hammond & Broa; AW ink & Co ; Mc-
Donougn & Runyon. '
ler Lily— Gardiner Mill Co; Hulme <fe Hart;
Tillmann <£ Bt-ndel: Dodge, Sweeney & Co; Riley
& Blum; McDonongh & Runyon; HJlmer, Bred
hoff & &chulz.
Tor Late Shipping Jntellioence See Twelfth Poor.
. _ OCEA.X THAYEL
OCEANIC S.S. CO. 4% days to
HAWAII. SAMOA, L^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, \\ by
AUSTRALIA. \/S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. s.AUS 1 R AiJA for HONo^-L'i-U on V, .^»iur-
day, December 5. at 10 a. it. Special party rates.
.-**. Hi ALAMEDA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, December
10, at 2 p. jr. • - . -
Line to < OOLG ABDIE, AasU.mndCAPETOWA,
South Africa. - - . '. T
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery street
Freight Office, 327 Market st. fan Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST_JTEAfISHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY £***.
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: ***»*-*-Tr
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel. Juneau. Kil-
llsnco and Sitlca (Alaska), a; 9 a. X., Nov. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortea an 4
New Wi atcom (Be tin -ham Bay, Wash.), 9a. K.
Nov. 5, 10. 15. 'JO. 25, 30. and every tilth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with - the C P. &
R-, at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with O.
2?. Ry.. St °crt Townsend with Ataslcasteaicvn
•■ For lOureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
bcldt Bay), str. Pomona '2 r. m., Nor. 1, 5,9, it,
17, 21. 25, 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayuco%
Port Harford (San lull Obispo), Gaviota, "santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, ban Pedro, East >ai
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Nov. S. 7. 11, 15, 18, 23, 27, and every touria
day thereafter. .
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo). ?anta Barbara, Port Los An-
teles, RedoDdo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
A.K. Nov.l, 6. 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, 29, and every foartn
day thereafter.
For >.nsenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, 141
. Pax and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. if. 25th of each month. .
i he Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL. PERKINS <fc CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market at.. San Francisco.
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. it.
FA "pTPfSta First-class 1 Including
I AilJutsti Second-class/ berths meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California... ...Nov. 9, 19, 29. Dec •
C01umbia....... ......... Nov. 11, 24, Dec 4, 14
' Through tickets and through baggage to all
I Eastern points. Rates and folder* upon applica-
tion to
T. F. CONNOR. Gene-al Agent.
630 Market street,
OOODAXL, PERKINS A CO., Miperkonxidea**
COaPAGSIEGESERAL TRUSITUITI^OI
French Lino to Havrs.
COMPANY'S PIER(NEW).42 NORTH /MX
\J River, foct of Morton st. Travelers by <5«55
this line avoid both transit by English railway ao4 I
the discomfort Of crossing the channel in a *aua
boat. - New Yoric to Alexandria, Egypt, vi* IWU
lirst-classsltJo: second-class, $llti.
LA GA5C0GNE....................J«*0v. 28. 5 a. K.
LA BKETAGNifi .Dec. ,5. > °° a
LA UI'MI' ...» Dec 12. 5 A. it
LA TOURAINK >£&. 19. 9 a. it
LA OASCOUNE.....^.. Dec 26. 5 x. if.
.■- mm ror luuucr pttxiiculan apply to
A. FORGET. Awat.
. ■ Vo, 3. Bowling Green, New Yoric R
3. F. FTTGAZI & CO.. Agent* 6 Montson»«y
avenue. San Francisco. ; -
WHITE STAR USE.
: United States and Royal Hail Steamers
- . - BETWKKS
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
B>AiL.i>U tt'tiiii "\Vi:K±C.
CABIN, AND UPWARD, ACCORD- -fftga^
\J Ing to steamer and accommodations MMslB
selected: second cabin, * 12 50 and *1< 50: Majes.io
I air : Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
i laud, Scotland. • Sweden, Norway and Demuarc
I through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
i sailing dates and cabin plans may be : procured
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mall Dock, or at to*
General Office of the Company, 613 Market stre^
under Grand Hotel. G. w. t LEicHKK.
General Agent tor Pacinc Coaau
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St»
At 6 I*. Daily, irfitii. received ay
' » Accomroou»twni Reserved by Telephone. '
. lasonlv line maitiu* ttiroueh rate* on VaIUT
Road treigUt.' STJSAMEK! , :
T. O. Walker, . 2,\P m V* trir *JLi
Mary «i»rratt. City of Stockton.
.-.-.. 'ltiepuouo Main 809- Cat. Nay. and imDL Cm
YALLKJO m U. S. SAW YARD.
briSAaiEß "MONTICKLLO,":
- *^_— .-..■-'-.
Dally at. . . »10:30 a. it , 4 and 9 :30 p. it,
"aVurda>s7.7.. .■..-- ..:...»10:30a. m., 4 P. *.
Sunday*. -- ..........:.- : 8 F. Hi
Landing Mlsslon-stree-. Docic. Pier 2. . M
•... . Telephone Black 281. Tt7-
-' •Excursion trip, giving d liuurs at Navy- Yard.
FOR SAAJthK, LOS A IOIS & SASTA CKIZ
OTKAMER ALVISO LKAVJSM PiKR 1 1)AII>T
Oat 10a m. (Sundays excepted);> Alvlso dally at
BP. l«. unlay* »-x.'»-p'f>fl). Freight and Pas-
senger, y i are between \ San FrancUco anil AJvis%
sOc: to M.in Jose. 75c. ■ Clay at, g\mt i. "■& '•">
but* CiKftSkt aaj Jot*;. iy.-i SamLOOKING FOR THE
LOST PARTIES
Ex-Fusionists Do Not Know
How to Open the Spring
' . Campaign.
)
Cannot Run Together, and to Put
Up Separate Tickets Is
Absurd.
. Probable That the Next City Govern
.'. . ment Will Be Solidly Re
• publican.
Oaklajtd Orrici, Bak Fbascisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Nov. 19. j
Th« politicians of all parties are now
face to face with a difficult problem. To
only one party — the Republican — is the
future at all clear.
During the past two days there have
been several consultations between some
of the managers, but nothing definite has
been decided. There is not so much in
terest being shown in the individuals to
put up for the various city offices as in the
status and attitude of the old parties.
t' In municipal politics for the past four
[ year» there have been Republican, Demo
[ iratic, Populist and Non-Partisan tickets
in Ihe field. The Non- Partisans have be
come very partisan, the Democrats and
Populists have lost their identity, and
only the Republican party remains intact.
The so-called Fusionists, about whose
strength so much was said prior to elec
tion, were proved to have no existence at
all, for the returns show that if there was
a"hy fusion it was between the so-calleu
Fusionists and Republicans.
The Democratic and Populist managers
are now at sea. They have been accusing
each other of all tfincl? of treachery and
bad faith since the election and do not
speak as they pass by. To organize a
silver party out of the combined wreck
for the purpose of a purely municipal
campaign would be too much of a farce.
Under the circumstances, tbe fusion ele
ment has no place, as a party, in local
politics, although it teems with men who
are itching for office.
On the other hand, the Republican
party never had so complete or entnnsias
tic an Organization, and never did its
ranks contain so many men fit and eligible
for office. The recent election ahows that
Oakland is a very pronounced Republican
city, and after the unpleasantnesses at the
City Hall for the past four years, every
body is anxious for a clean party adminis
tration.
The story is being freely circulated that
strenuous efforts are being made to change
the majority in the Board of Works, with
a view to making changes in the Fire,
Police and Street departments. It is said
that if Engineer Wilson and Mayor Davie
will combine and nil the departments
with Republicans, they may receive the
Republican nominations to succeed them
selves. It is not likely that any such plan
will go through, for although the Mayor
womd like to see many cuanges he would
not make them as the result of a "deal,"
for he is most vehemently opposed to such
combinations, and has had two years' ex
perience of poiag a .one, which has not
induced him to seek an alJiance.
Ihe only way in which the Republican
party can be severed is by the injection of
•a so-called non-partisan party into the
coping campaign. Four years ago there
nri^ht have been a need of it; to-day there
is not.
SCHUMACHER IS FREE.
His Wife Granted a Divorce — The Re
publican ,Club Organized Perma
nently — Caring for the Poor. ,*'
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 19.— The Schu
macher divorce case was settled to-day in
the Superior Court by Mrs. Anna Schu
macher receiving a decree of separation.
Gottlieb Schumacher made no contest,
but in his answer urged the court to sepa
rate them. The defendant ha 3 all of the
costs connected with the suit to pay, but
he sets his two sons, while the mother
will be the custodian of their little
daughter. Tne court intimated that Mr.
Schumacher would be awarded the prop
erty known as Scbumacherville in tnis
city. It also found that he had a separate
interest in lands before bis marriage, it
•consists of a let in the Boulevard tract
valued at $800; four lots and a house on
Arbor street, $1700; marsh lands, $600;
Santa Cruz ranch, $2000, and the canal lot, \
$700. Total, $12,300. The property will
bejdivided in the near future.
To Remember the Poor.
• ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 19.— The poor
of-this city are to be liberally provided for
on Thanksgiving day by the young peo
ple. The City Christian Endeavor Union, I
Mrs. J. A. Cameron, president, appointed
a 'working committee to take charge of the
affair. It. met recently and appointed two
representatives from each church in the
city. \ The Baptist Union and Epworth
•League joined, and every effort is being
made to make it a day of genuine thanks
giving. Donations of food, fuel, clothing
and delicacies are solicited, and may be
Jeft at Hinsdale Bros, on Park street.
Money contributions should only be paid
to the Alameda Bank. The service at
the Santa Clara-avenue M. E. Church at
10 o'clock Thanksgiving day is to take the
form of a donation service, and every one
attending is requested to take something
for the poor. Immediately after the ser
vices the young people will begin to dis
tribute their supply of goods.
Permanent Republican Club. /^
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 19.— Ala
made Republican Club has organized
itself into a permanent club and adopted
a new constitution. The objects set forth
are "to maintain a permanent organiza
tion for the : promotion and fostering of
the principles of the Republican party and
to promote harmony, together with the
contemplation of awaking interest among
Republicans in regard to the advancement
of the principles of good government."
The total receipts during th* campaign
were $604 50; expenditures, $685 40; bal
ance overdraft, $30 90. There was reported
£70 25 due on subscriptions, leaving a bal
ance of $10 35. ' This was settled to-day by
a check from F. W. Van Sicklen.
.'/■'. Alameda Brevities.
ALAMEDA. Cal.. Nov. 19.— Right
Reverend W. F. Nichols, Bishop of Cali
fornia Episcopal dioceses, will visit Ala
raedn and speak in Christ Church next
Sunday evening. , ■•^'~4§PSSs9S*
The proposed ; 25-mile relay road race of
the Alameda High School and Anderson's
Academy has been postponed owing ;. to
the continued rains. ,
Joseph Falkinham, one of the oldest
and most respected citizens of this city,
is lying at the point of death at his home,
1210 Grand street. He has been, sick for
some time with brain trouble. ; - £
..*.■'• « ■»—•» — • ' — -'-
Dead in a Lodging-House.
.OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 19.— A man stip-
Fsedto be Frederick E. Wetz of San
Franciscof rancisco was found dead in a room at
the Newland House to-day. Tbe man
Hired a room late last night and, this
morning he was dead. There wa»4)lood
on the pillow and he probably expired
from a hemorrhage.
"Wood to Retire.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 19.— Call F.
Wood, who has been a deputy in the Dis
trict Attorney's office for two years, has
been asked to resign on January 1. It is
not known yet who will succeed Mr.
Wood.
A JEWISH FRATERNITY.
It Will Be Their First Greek Letter
Organization at the State
University.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 19.— Another
new fraternity is about to be "swung out"
at the State University. This new Greek
letter order will depend entirely for its
membership on the Jewish contingent, of
which there are at least 150 .in the colleee
on this side of the bay. The name it will
bear will be the Beta Chapter of Sigma
Rho Theta.
A. L. Weii, Leon€toos and Jacob Voor
sanger, son of Rabbi Voorsan-er, are tne
charter members of the proposed new
Jewish secret society, and it is said tliat
they will "swing out" into the circle of
college brotherhoods witiiin a few days.
Several attempts nave Deen made hitherto
to found a Hebrew fraternity at Berkeley,
but the efforts of the promoters of the
plan failed, and so the one which is about
to come to light will be the first real Jew
ish fraternity in tbe university.
Medical Course.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Nov. 19.-The aca
demic senate ol tbe State University has
adopted the recommendation of the Aca
demic Council providing for tne estab
lishment of a medical course at Berkeley,
preparatory to that in the Mc-ical College
in San Francisco. The course will last
three years, and will include physiology,
which is not at. the present time taught at
Berkeley, but which will be introduced
next term.
Those who take the prescribed course
and the regular medical course will re
ceive the degrees Ph. B. and M.D. The
entire work can be done in seven years
under this new system. Heretofore eight
years has been required to take both com
plete courses for the dejrees mentioned.
New Fire Officers.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 19. — At the
meeting of the Peraita Fire Company la-t
night the following nominations of offi
cers for the ensuing term were made: For
president— John Douglas, William Miller;
vice-president — E. J. Lough, Fred Fow
den; secretary— C. E. Boag, William Mil
i ler; treasurer— Bernard Goldsmith, H. L.
| Tisdaie; foreman — D. J. Keaue; assistant
| foreman — Walter Brothers, Lawrence Hag
| gerty; second assistant foreman — Charles
! Douglas, Frank Tape. The election will
! take place uext week.
Decidedly Improved.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 19.— A decided
: improvement in the condition of Dr.
Payne was reported to-day. Dr. Rowell,
who has been in constant attendance on
! the patient, said that he thought Dr.
Payne would be himself again in two oi
ti.ree weeks.
1 * — ♦ ■»
MRS. ACRES IS FREE.
not Anxious to Stand Her Husband's
Cruelty Any Longer. a
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Nov. 19. f
Lulu F. Acres was granted a divorce to
day from Richard T. Acres on the ground
of extreme cruelty. All the community
property and the custody of the minoi
child, Mabel, weie awarded to the mother.
"Of late he has been very cruel to me,' 1
said Mrs. Acres, "and once he gave me a
black eye. When our little girl was only
three years old he left home for three days
and then came back and took her away.
I found her months afterward in a con
vent."
Mrs. Acres told a great deal more of her
troubles and hints that her ex-husband
will not long remain single. The Acres
home is in Alameda and is a pretty, well
furnished place.
. . . . « ♦ »
LANGFORD'S FRIENDS.
They Tbink He Was I'.titi apped Into His
Marriage.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Nov. 19. j
The citizens of Golden Gate have flocked
to the reircue of young Georg« Langford,
whose father is now suing for a divorce
for his sod, and have given out for pub
lication an indorsement of the youth's
character. He was the young man who
married the widow from Santa Cruz, and
in making their statement of the case his
friends say he came under her wilss
through no fault of his own, and is more
to be pitied than to blame.
A New Captain.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 19.— Lieutenant
Simpson was elected captain of Company
G to-night without opposition. Private
Pickett was chosen to fill the vacancy
caused by tiie promotion of Lieutenant
Simpson. Tne membership was lareeiy
represented at the meeting. Major Dorn
of San Francisco presided.
May Be Murder.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 19.— What may
prove to be a murder took place near
Decoto this evening. Antone Silva, pro
prietor of a ranch, had a difference with
Ah Sam, his foreman Chinaman. Sam
struck Silva with a club and Silva used a
spade. The Cninaman's head is split and
Silva is badly hurt on the head also. Sam
may die and Silva is under arrest.
Faited a Bad Check.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 19.— Frank M.
Feeney, son of a San Francisco saloon pro
prietor, was arrested to-night for trying
to pass an alleged worthless check. Feeney
said he would not be taken alive, and it
took four men to convey him to the po
lice station.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happening* Told in
Brief Chapter*.
Oakland Office San Fkancisco Call,}
908 Broadway, Nov. 19. J
Up to date there hns been collected of city
taxes only about $600,000.
Ex-Judge S. G. N'ye of Oakland has been en
gaged as Town Attorney for San Leandro.
Tbe trial of Antone Devencenzi for the mur
der of Felice Varni was continued until Friday
this morning.
Tbe ladies of the Hay wards Presbyterian
church will hold their annual bazaar and din
ner December 3.
Principal J. D. Armstrong of the San Lorenzo
school has tendered his resignation, to take ef
fect nt the end of the term.
The j'oung men of the Alameda Sugar Com
pany gave a bull at Alv&rado Friday evening,
in honor of Mi Kiniey'a election.
Walter E. Davis has sued J. G. French for
$4916 06, alleged to be due him as assignee of
the Marsh-Davis Cycle Company.
The Palmdale winery at Irvington has fin
ished the season's run, and has handled about
100 tons more grapes than last year.
Candidates have filed itemized election ex
pense statements as follows: W. S. I'elouze
$232 25; Thomas I). Welis. $83; S. P. Hall
$399 70; H. E. Wright, $96: I. McClu«ky,'
nothing; J. E. McElroy, $137 25; Fred V
Wood. $178 75; 8. A. Penwell, Berkeley Jus
tice, $48.
•—• — 0 — «
A Good-Sized Boy.
Park B. Maine for a long time has been
quite proud of the fact that he was the
only man in North Stonington who could
pull tbe scales down to 240 pounds. Mr.
Maine has taken a back seat, for Isaac
Maine, a boy 16 years old, now tips the
acales at 275 pounds. He is the son of
Isaac W. Maine, a farmer. Young Isaac,
as he is commonly called in the neighbor
hood, has taken charge of the farm during
the past year, as his father's health has
been very poor. He has worked hard, but
has gained nearly thirty pounds since last
April. He has the appearance of a person
several years older than he really is. In
his own family be is spoken of and ad
dressed as "Tid," being, as they say, the
"tidman" ol the family. — New London
Day.
• ■■ DUES. DDBSlTB"iflilT3m
OABTHOBNE-Tn this city, November 19, 1833.
I Robert, beloved husband of Jlaggio Gurthorne,
I and brother or -C- A.. Q. H. ana i K. | Oartt>orn«.
a native of San Francisco, aged 86 years and 17
i days.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1896.
FINE WORK OF
ALAMEDA ARTISTS
The Formal Opening of
Their First Semi-An
nual Exhibit.
With Few Exceptions, All the
Pictures Are of Sc?nes in
the County.
Reception in the Beautifully Deco
rated Studio of the
League.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 19.— The Art
League exhibition was opened to-uight by
a reception lo members and their friends
at the league rooms in the Central b'.ock.
Mr. Neilson'B studio, in the southeast cor
ner of the building, was filled with the
water-color exhibits and blacc and white
sketches, of which there was a great
variety.
The studio of the league was wholly de
voted to the oil paintings. The electric
liehts were arranged by the artists, who
saw that all of the pictures secured the
headlight effects.
The hall and stairway were beauti
fully decorated with ivy, smilax and
palms. Just above the center of the final
landing, and suspended from the ceiling,
was a huge Japanese lantern. On either
side were suspended preity floral baskets
covered with smilnx. T^e hallway was
set with ferns and palms, wLile the_jvai s
and chandeliers were festooned with
smilax in excellent tsste and making a
very picturesque effect.
Several sketches of the nude adorned
the south wall. At tbe east end of the
hall, in a bower of green, the orchestra is
located, and each evening it will present
an interesting prosranime. Lemonade
and punch were handed round by the
young artists.
The place was crowded by tbe'ariists'
friends, nearly all of the 400 receiving
invitations being in attendance.
The Alameda Art Lsagoe is an associa- '
tion formed for the study and practice of i
the higher branches of art. At this, the
third year of the league's existence, it has
been decided to give half-yearly exhibi- •
tions, to which the public will be invited, i
By this means it is hoped that a more gen
eral local interest in art will be promoted. !
Upon payment of the nominal sum of $1
annually, names are enrolled on the li=t i
of honorary members, who receive in vita- '
tions to all receptions preceding tbe half- i
yearly exhibitions of paintings and
sketches.
T c officers are: Ralph Robinsori, presi
dent; C. Chapel Judson, vice-president; C.
P. Neiison, secretary. The Ladies' Aux
iliary has no officer?, except Miss Amanda i
Zeh, secretary. The members and their j
work on exhibition are:
OIL.
Miss Isabel Hunter— Still Life (3).
C. Chapel Judsou— Afternoon in Dimond
Canyon, Dimond Canyon, Sunshine, A Dark
Day, Laundry Farm, Marsh RoAd, Golden Gate
Looking In, Sunshine and Shndow, Afternoon
on the Marsh, Preparing for Rain, Lower Ala- I
rneda. Tangled Wood, Diraond Canyon, Red- !
wood Canyon, Low Tide Alameda Shore, A
Foggy Moruine. A Sunny Day, Alameda Hencb.,
Near Fruitvale, Foothills, Among the O ka
J. P. Latimer— Mill Valley Redwoods (2).
C. Chapel Judson— Oaks, Laundry Fnrm
Land's End, Golden Gate, Gray Day, Near
Fitchburg, On the Road to Jonquin Miller's,
FootuilU, Mouth of tne Canyon, Pimond's
Canyon, Looking From the Hilis, Autumn,
Sunset, Near Baker's Beacb. Bit of Dimond '
Canyon, Land'i- End, Golden Gate, Ear.y Moon
rise, Looking Across the Bay, Zyndrecht (Hol
land", Rising Moon.
Miss Amanda Zeh— Laundry Farm, Old Ala
meda.
C. Chapel Judson— River Maas at Dordrecht
Holland; Alameda Shore: Off the Golden Gate*
Dordrecht, Holland, From Meadows; Sunset-
Near tne Bay; Summer; Moonme; Morning
on the Marsh; Rising Moon; On Bay Farm
Island; Winter Evening; Hayfield, Fruitvale •
Eucalyptus Trees, Fitchburg; Misiy Soring
Mornliig; An Interesting Story; In the Can- I
yon; Sweet Apples; Refno Henrietta Roses; i
Tokay Grapes.
Perham Xahl— Beautiful Snow, hasty sketch- !
Morning, Dimond Canyon.
K. D. Yeiland— Sketch, Under the Oaks. Au- I
tumn Landscape, Sunset, Birch end Maple !
Trees.
A. C. Snow— Sand Dunes, Road Through the
Marsh, Ebb Tide, High-street Creek, A Gray
Day, In Dimond Canyon, scrub Oafes, Marsh
land Study, Poplars, Marshland Study, The
Island Bridge, Sanddunes, Marsh Study (2)
SandJunea.
Mrs. F. M. Lange— Study of Peaches, Chrys
anthemums.
Miis Shelly— Pansies, Melon Sketch.
WATER COLORS.
H. Blatchly— Dimond Canyon (three), Even
ing (owned by Dr. C. L. Tlsdale), Rain Clouds,
Foothills (Fruitvale).
Perham Nabl— After the Rein.
A. L. Jenkins— Alameda Marsh, A Bit of
Tiburon, Lagoon at Tiburon, Canal (Old Ber
lin), Italian Bridge, Shell Mound Park
Marshes Back of Tiburon.
Miss Josephine Chapman— Roadvray (Berk- I
eley), Sk ten (Alameda), Sunset Sketch, Plums,
Sketch (Berkeley), Sketch (Alttmeda), Hillside
(Berkeley).
Charles P. Neiison— Alley In Chinatown,
Still Life Study, Alley In Chinatown; Sketch,
Near Cloverdale; Old Balcony in Chinatown,
Sketch at Capitola; Woodland, Ben Lomond;
Corner in Chinatown, On the Bay, Sunset j
from Santa Cruz; Old Wharf. Alameda: Sketch
at Oakland Water Front, A Shady Pool, Santa
Barbara Mission; Sketch, Ben Lomond; Cum
Kook Alley, Chinatown; Sania Cruz Sketch;
bandroad, Ben Lomond ; On the Road to
Boulder Creek, Chrysanthemum Sketch; Gray
Morning, Santa Cruz; A Sunny Spot, Santa
Cruz; On San Lorenzo River; Study of
Breakers, Santa Cruz; Morning Sketch, Santa
Cruz; Along tbe Cliffs at Santa Cruz, Santa
Cruz Sketch, Interior at Bay Farra.lsland.
L. P. Latimer— Sketch (4), Sunset (2), Berke
ley Pastoral.
Charlen P. Neil«on— A Study in Gray, Boul
ders on the S*-.n Lorenzo, Newell Creek, Ben
Lomond; A Sketch, Surt Sketch, Santa Cruz;
Woodland Path, Chinatown Alley, Pansy
Study, Still Life Study, Store in Chinatown, A
Sunny Path, Along the Santa Cruz c.ifft, taata
Cruz Beach, In Santa Crur Mountains, Russian
River, Balcony Sketch, . Mountain Trail, A Gen
tleman's Log Cabin; Near Second Avenue, Ala
meda; Ross Aley, Chinatown; Pansy ' Study,
Chinatown Sketch, A Dark Alley, In China
town, On tne Beach, On the San Lorenzo. Cor
ner Jackson and, Dupont Streets, By Quiet
Wafers, Pansy Study.. . - ,
pastel. r
- R. D. Landscape.
C. Chapel Judson— Moonrise, Hol
land; Quiet Evening, Moourise (2).
' BLACK AND WHITE.
C. F. Cobbledick— Baskets, Chinese
Shanty, Study of Colored Man (2), Study of
Boy.
L. P. Latimer— (5), Pencil Sketches.
, O. Riehl— Lamplight Study, Chrysanthe
mums. ■ ' 1 -
Charles P. Nellson— Chinatown Alley, In
Ross Valley. \
Claire S. Robinson— in Pen and Ink,
Giant Forest Camp, A Favorite Corner. Hap
jacks and Coffee, btudies in Sepia, Studies in
Pencil. .
Laura Foster— and ink . drawings and
proofs from lithographic designs. . ; ' .. ■
E. P. James— of Old Man, Study of
Athlete. Sketch of Athlete, Study of Old Man
Hend, Study of Head, Study of Head, Sketch
of Girl. :
Miss Fritchie— Flora Tapestry. :
1 The exhibition will remain open '. day
and evening daring' to-morrow and Satur
day, when > the citizens of Alameda will
be welcomed by the members, who desire
every one to call and see their work. -
FOR OVER PIFTY YEARS.
The Phenomenal Record of a Railroad
Enslneer.
"Within the past three weeks a number
I of changes have been made among the en
gineers of the New York Central. These
changes involve a good deal of pathos,
too. Once an engineer, always an en
gineer, and the average man who opens
the throttle on one of the flying machines
rarely feels content to occupy any other
position in life.
Examinations as to the condition of ihe
engineers' eyes are now being held in the
city of New York, and every few days one
or more of them receive notice to appear
before the examining board and hare
their eyes tested.
Of course, to everyone of these, it i? like
saying pood-by to their best friend when
they leave the cab of the.engine of one of
the great trains and comedown to a less
exciting position. But of all among the
number there can be none who, in many
ways, will feel the change more keenly
than Engineer James W. Wood, who has
been in the employ of the New York Cen
tral for over fifty-one years, ana whose
record is one of the most phenomenal in
the history of railroading.
Every railroad man in the State of New
York knows -of "Jim" Wood. Not a rail
road man in the city but will be sorry to
hear that he is among the number who
failed to receive a first-class certificate.
Mr. Wood (himself takes the matter philo
sophically] is proud of his long career
and still maintrins the friendliest rela
tions with the great corporation for which
he has labored during so many years. '
"Jim" brought the special train con
taining James Gordon Bennett's party
from Buffalo to Syracuse on March 1. 1876.
The run was th« fastest ever made in the
world, .considering the distance. .The
157.74 miles were traversed in two hours
and forty-five . minutes. "Jim" ran into
Syracuse at the rate of 68.54 miles an hour.
<An instance is related of a trip that
Commodore Vanderbilt took behind '"Jim"
Wood. The commodore used to like to
ride fast, but this time.be rode too fast.
"Jim" drew the old railroad magnate
from Rochester to Syracuse in eighty-three
minutes. He attained such a rate of speed
that the commodore actually rang him
up/ This was the only time that be was
ever known to give orders to an engineer
to slow up.
During the fifty-one years that "Jim"
Wood has ran nn engine on the Central,
it is said that he has never cost the com
pany a dollar; has never been in an acci
dent, and in this respect has a record
which is absolutely phenomenal. He pos
sesses strong and manly traits of charac
ter, is temperate in his habits, is, yet; a
well-preserved man, and appears physi
cally as strong as ever. He has been noted
for his coolness, the steadiness of - his
nerve and his great presence of mind.
He practically inaugurated the ; fast
train system, and for years was Known as
one of the most successful engineers in the
world. * London papers have contained
long accounts of runs by America's fast
engineer. His career shows that intelli
gence has as much to do with running an
engine as • a knowledge of machinery.
When the two are combined it is at once
evident that a master hand is at the
throttle. '
In October, 1894. "Jim" Wood drew the
train upon which Governor McKin lev was
making a tour through , the : ; State": At
Syracuse, N. V., - Engineer Wood . was in
troduced to McKinley, who said: "I feel
like talcing off my hat to you. " Glad to
meet you," and then be added, as he re
called the lightninglike manner in which
the train bad been run and swung around
the curves. "I have felt f a great ; interest
in you all through the morning."
Engineer Wood will be given a local en
gine for the present, and doubtless some
good position will be made for him in the
service ?of the road'- with ■; which he has
been so long and honorably connected.—
Rochester Democrat and Chronicle. *
• -''■'■ ' " ' " » * » ' » '"*""■ ?.-- :
Army surgeons say that the expressions
of the faces of soldiers killed in battle re
veal the causes of death. Those who have
perished from sword wounds have a look
of repose,' while there is an expression of
pain on the countenance of those slain by
buIIetaTIBBBBMaanaEWSMMMMBtMIISEWMaja^
A BANQUET TO
THE MAYOR-ELECT
Pleasant Words and Good
Company for Mr.
Phelan.
Dines in State in the Rooms
of the Bohemian
Club.
Ninety Guests Drink Success to Him
and to His Adminis
tration.
A dinner was given at the Bohemian
Club last evening in compliment to
Mayor-elect James D. Phelan. The ban
quet was spread in the main dining-room.
Ninety guests sat down to the feast and
listened to the speeches by Dr. George
Chismore, president of the Club, Mayor
elect Phelan, W. H. L. Barnes, William
Greer Harrison, Horace G. Platt, George
T. Bromley, Thomas J. Clunie and sev
eral more 6i the owl's eloquent orators.
Songs were sung by Donald de V. Graham
and Frank Coffin. An original poem by I
General Lucius Harwood Foote was hap
pily received. Tliere were violin solos,
chorus singing and orchestra music. The
banquet was a happy event all around
and lasted until the midnight hour.
Grave subjects of municipal reform and
new charter projects were not discussed,
but incidentally the Mayor-elect and Gen
eral Barnes roasted the Portland Ore
ponian for its contemptible insinuations
regarding the moral tone of San Fran
cisco.
Mr. Phelan is not the first member of
the club elected Mayor, as E. B. Pond and
William Alvonl have represented the owl
at the City Hall, but he is the first ex
president who has accepted the office of
Mayor.
ALLIGATOR SENSE.
They Don't Have Much Before They
Are 100 Year-. Old.
','Do you know," said Colonel Ben Cason,
leaning back in his chair, "that alligators
are the most affectionate creatures on
earth? It's a fact. And tbe sense they
have! They're wonders. They've got
more sense than a dog. How do I know?
Haven't I educated 'em? Ain't there an
j alligator 110 years old in Dcs Allemaud
I Bayou that would work his tail to tha
| bone for me if I asked him to? Say — you
make m<j tired. What are you laughing
at? You get a gallon of molasses and a
long-necked bottle and I'll show you how
to tame alligators. It's the easiest thing
on earth. They're so affectionate.
"On January 23, 1885, I went to Dcs
Allemand Bayou fishing. A negro named
Baptiste Fourier had just ciught an alli
gator 100 years old. I could tell by the
rings around him. You can't train a
young alligator. That's funny, ain't it?
! I asked Baptiste to sell him to me. 1
paid $4 95, and Jim— that's the alligator's
name — was mine. I put a chain around
his neck. Then I got a long-necked bot
tle, filled it with molasses and walked np
to him. He opened his jaws to nab me.
That was my chance. I shoved the neck
of the bottle in his mouth, just back of his
ears, where an alligator has no teeth. I
tilled the bo; tie up. Jim tasted the mo
lasses and began wagging his tail. He
broke Baptiste's leg, but that was an
accident. He was as gentle as a
setter dog from tlie minute De tasted the
molasses. I taught him a lot of pretty
tricks — hew to catch flies, how to stand on
his tail, how to chew tobacco. Finally I
harnessed Him up to a boat. He looked
around at me to see what I wanted. I
reached over the side of the boat and
pushed him a little. Then he understood.
Off he went. When I pulled on the rope
I had around hi 3 neck he was nonplused
for a minute, but he soon caught on, and
now when I go to Dcs Allemand I never
have to hire anybody to paddle my canoe.
Jim attends, to carrying me anywhere t
want to go.
"Say, do you know Jim is as glad to see
me whenever I pass that way as if he was
a relative of mine. vVhat's that? Of
course it's the truth. Ask Baptiste. He
takeß care of Jim for me while 1 am in
New Orleans."— New Orleans Times-Dem
ocrat. ___^_^____^_
CASTORIA
. For Infants and Children.
: : - ilmilt , /V *f+ „ *"■ is so '
Auction Bales
(HAS. LEVY & CO.. AUCTIONEERS.
Salesrooms- 1135 Market Street.
THIS DAY.
Friday ....,; November 20, 1896,
Ss«aev- At 10 o'clock: a. ic, at Salesroom.
1135 MARKET i ST.. bet. 7th and Bth.
■ ■ ■ :.'.'.'. WE win SELL . . - .
AN EIfGANT LINE OF FURNITURE,
Carpels, Stoves ana Ranges: 1 National Nickel-
plated Cash Register: 1 Gun. ...
C'HAS. LEVY <& CO., Auctioneers. .
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE !
BY OKDER OF CREDITORS,,
..W» 'WILL 5F.1.1, .
CONTENTS OF LIVEKY STABLE,
31ir SIXTEENTH ST., U. VALESCIA,
ox
MONDAY.
Monday ........./..November 23, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. m.
• Stock consists of '40 Horses (including 1 Fine
BlacK Single- footer. Extra Fine Black Hack
Team), 3 Hacks, 6 Surreys, 2 ;Rockaways, 20
Bngsiea, 1 Depot Bus, * 5 Carts," 6 Wagons. Har-
ness, caddies. Robes, etc. Also office .furniture,
Goodwin of Business, Lease, etc. ■
The above stock will be positively sold to the
highest bidder, without reserve. I ■'.
\ -, SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
- .. • Office, 3-7 Sixth st.
THE POLAR REGION.
What Is to Be Gained From Arctic
Exploration.
To ascertain with greater precision the
shape, size and density of ihe earth, the
astronomer's base of measures, and thus
render the science of surveying more accu
rate, ten pendulum observations near the
unknown extreme of the arc are wortn a
hundred elsewhere. Observation? on mag
netism, especially near the magnetic pole,
will benefit the thousands of ocean vessels
which largely depend for their safety on
the precision with which the compass can
be interpreted. To the meteorologist the
Arctic is of special Importance, because it
presents the extremes of a world-em
bracing system, each of whose parts affect
every other. Tides and currents are sim
ilarly interdependent. The aurora can
best be studied where it is most common
and most iully developed.
Observations on tbe character and be
havior of plants and animals under the
unique conditions of the Arctic will give
to the student of organic life a more thor
ough mastery of his problems. To that
end the hydrography must be known
(depth of sea, temperature, water move
ment, sea bottom, salinity, light). Tbe
Arctic aflords the best facilities for study
ing one set of geologic forces (glaciers,
icebergs, lroet fissurinc) in their extreme
manifestation. The condition of the
earth in past geologic epochs will
not be fully known until the strata of
the Arctic lands have been mapped. To
the paleontologist the Arctic has already
yielded most valuable information in the
fossil evidence of a mild climate. Lock
wood and Brainard found the slopes of
western Grinnell Land studded with large
petrified tree stumps. These and similar
fossils, precious to museums or geologic
cabinets, can probably be reached by way
of Hayes Sound. To the ethnologist the
Eskimo represent a phase of human life
without a parallel. — Appleton's Science
Popular Montt.ly.
• — *■ ♦
Why Bag Paper Is Scarce
Why is so much of the paper used by
publishers nowadays of such poor quality?
Mr. G. H. Putnam in the New York Sun
gives this extraordinary reason— the de
crease of religious fanaticism on the
eastern shoras of the Mediterranean.
•'Myriads of pilgrims used to cross those
dreary deserts on their Mray to Mecca,
every one,oi them being clothed in flow
ing garments of finest white linen. Out
cf their number hundreds and thousands
would die by the wayside, rendering it at
one time a most profitable business to
strip these linen garments from the
bodies and send them to the large paper
factories of Europe. It was from this
source, > Mr. Putnam says, that t c best
paper was obtained, but the Mohamme
dans no longer in such large numbers
undertake these pilgrimages, therefore
not so many die by the wayside, and
hence the inability.to furnish so high a
quality of paper."
NEW to-dat: • V
\itit_H & M &}
Health
I at i
Home. |
i
Health begins at the break- '
fast table. The first meal of f
the day, usually a light one, f
f is a very important one; : Begin i
I. right; drink i
y Qhirardelli's t
| Ground '
Chocolate
a health food in liquid form, \
: without any stimulating ef- f
fects. * Made here — Always f
" fresh. Absolutely pure. Made f
} instantly. i
f 30c alb. , All Grocers. }
\w^w w w w wl
ft "T> Th ~*% "Tfc Tfc ~^> *^ I|fc Tj ~^» <fc <fc. J
i/^^k' JOr»JR ibbon's Dispensary,
XwgS O-O KKARSfT ST. Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
'•-'.lkkarxtm. Established
in ISC'4 for the treatment of Private
4*VM«.'*3?^ Disecses, Lost Manhood. Debility or
t^l^'=wllS^ (iiseaso wearing on bodyand mind and
SEta Disease. The doctorenres when
J^^®;^^ others fall. Try him. < Charges low.
i-^LlilStlifid ''u3T«irnn»-Knl«'«-tl. Callorwrite.
Sir. J. V. «ißii«.V. Box l'Js7. San Franciaca
:■_-■■•- RATT.ROATJ TRATEQ - '-
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Saunalito Ferry). - —
from Ban Francisco, Commencing Sept.' 1 3. 1391
. WEEKDAY* ...
. Fcr Mill Valle«- and San Kafael— »7 l2s, *3 :ls,
- 11:00 a. M.: »1:45, 3:45, *5: 16. »5:45, 8:30 r.u.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
• days and Saturdays at 11:30 r. it
.-■.■ ..; - - ■■■y; SUNDAY'S. .;*■ " .;
For Mill Valley and San Hafael— •6:oo, *10:0 l
- •11:30 A.M.:»I:SO. < 3:00, *4:30, 6:16». it. .
Trains marked • run to San Uueatln. v -;;"..
- THROUGH TRAINS.
- For Point Reyes and way stations— '*. V
Weekdays, 8:00 A.M. .Sundays. 1:45 p. k. tiatni>.
i «r Casadero and war stations— 7:2s a, m. w«eh
fays; 1:45 p. it. Saturdays.
MOMTTA3IALPAIS. "
.^ Trains-.; connect with. North ' Paclflo
(-oust Kail road. ;"- :; -. ■ \ ; . .... -
WKKK DAYS— Leave aF. 9:l's'a. m. I:4', r «
„,. Beturnine— Arrive D - * 3:25 r v. 6-20 *- *
RUNDA Yfc-LeaveaF. Ba. v 11:30 a. k. I.SJpm.
Ejtnrning— Arrive 5.F.1:15 r.M.4:20 7:35 * 2
■ Tickets tor sale in Mill Valley or
'arm v^i?« cooK * frO i vs> 6:JI Market st.; S. F.
UliX \ aiicjr and Mount 'i taialpala Scenic JtlaUway*
COOK & CO.
123 Kearny. Street.
GORGEOUS CHINAWARE.
MAGNIFICENT ORNAMENTS,
Exquisite Lamps, Rich Cut Glass,
Beautiful Dinner Sets,
-^-T AUCTION.
The Greatest Auction Sale in History,
Dally at 2 o'clock p. m.
■'■'■ '•"*• '•-" : *• J. BARTH. Auctioneer.
SELLING OUT
AT HALF COST-WAGOXS. BUGGIES, CARTS
AND HABNKSS OP KVKRY DE-
SCRIPTION, both New and
j Second -hand.
—NO OFFER REFUSED. - 1
1122-1128 MISSION STREET.
■ • ' MADIUAN «fc CO.
KDIHA AUCTION COMPANY,
THIS DAY.
Friday November 20, 1896.
At 11 o'clock a. it., we will sell .
A complete line of Furniture, Carpets and Bed*
ding at salesroom, 1057 Market at., opp. Jones.
', RAILROAD TRAVEL;
SOU Til PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trains leave and lire due to arrive at
SAN FItAN&'ISCO. ■
leave— From November 1, 1.00 p. m., 1806.— AlUtlva
•6:00 a NUes. San Jose and Way Stations... 8:43 a
7««Oa Atlantic Express, Ogden and Kaat.. 8:43p
7:00 a Benicia, VacaTille, Rumsey. Sacra-
mento. OroTille and Bedding via
Davis ....■.:... 6545p
. 7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6:15r
8:80 a Niles, Ban Jose, Stockton, ' lone,
Sacramento, Marysvillo and Bed ■
Bluff .......;,.., '4tlSp
•8:30 a Peters and Milton "7:15p
. 9:00 a New Orleans Kxpress, Raymond (for
Yoscmite), Fresno, liakersfiolil,
Santa Barbara, I-os Angeles, Dem-
ing, £1 Paso, Now Orleans and
Ea5t...............:.......... 4:4
oiOOa Martinez and 5t0ckt0n.............. 4 :43p
, 9:00 a Vallejo 6:15p
....... Niles," San Jose, Livermore and *
5t0ckt0n.......................... 7ilsp
•l:OOp Sacramento BiTer Steamers "»:OOp
tl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations f7:4Sp
4: OOp Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, *
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano and-
Santa Rosa 9:13 a
4:00f Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
- ville and Sacramento ............. 11:13 a
4:8 Or Niles, San Jose and Livermore 8:43 a
. 4:3OpLos Angeles Express, Stockton,
■ - Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los °
Angeles .............'..-... 10>43a
• 4:30r Santa Fo Route. Atlantic Express :
. for Mojave mid East 10:43 a
6:00p European Mail, Ogdon and East.... 9:43 a
• «:OOp Harvard". Niles iiml Han J05e.;.... 7:45 a
J7:oop Vallejo... ."........;. : 7:43p
7:0 Op Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
ville. Heading, Portland, . Pnget
Sound and 'East ". .".'. ....... i ...... 1 111 8a
H10:03p "Sunset Limited.". Fresno, Los ■ ■::■
■Angeles, El Paso, Now Orleans :
' and East §12:45p
SANTA CUD/ Vis lON (Narrow Uaugej.
S:ll>a Newark, Ceiiterville.hiaii.loso.Felton, . ,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way '
Stations ........;.... 3:30p
•2;15p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, Nen
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creel:, ■
Santa Cruz and- Principal Way
Stations *11:20 a
4:13p Newark, San Jose and Los (Jatos.... 9:3oa'
111:4 Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t7:SOp
COAST IU VISION (Tlilnl A To use ml SU.)
0:43 a San Jose and Way Stations (New
' Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y),..,... l:30p
8:15 a .Sau Jose, Tres l'iuos, SanU Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Paso Bobles, San
Luis Oijispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
:-■ Principal Way Stations 7:03p
I O:4Oa Han Jose and Way Stations 3:03p
I1:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations , 3:30p
•2 : SO i- San Matea Menlo Park, San Jose, •
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Salinas.Monterey and TacilioGrove *10:40 a
*3:ilOp San Josu and Way Stations 9:50 a
*4:3Ol- 8au Jose and Way Stations »8:1Oa
S::tOi> Sau Jose ami Principal Way Stations "8:5Oa
- G:3Op San Jose and Way Stations C::(sa
I t11:43p San Jose and Way Stations f«:4Sp
' SAX LKA.MUtO AM) HAYWAKUS LOCAL.
t»6:OOA") '■ ( '7:15 a
8:OOa . (9:43 a
io. ! OOa Melrose, Seminary Park, - JlrfSt
"«!oop Fitchburg, San Le.nuro « ijg*.
3:00p . -nd 4:43p
4:00p ' . , QU  ". »:45p
5:00p Havwardi 6:1 3p
7:OOp . . 8:43p
«:OOp . _ .. . . „„ 0:45p
9:00p < Runs through to Nilei. 10:50p
ttll:13p; « From Nil; *■ 1. ttl2:OQp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Prom SAN FiUSCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 *2:00 13:00
•4:00 . .- . 15:00 *6:00 p.m. .
From OAKLAND— root or BroadwtT.— - *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. tl2:00 *l:00 t2:00 *3:00 tt:o9
«5:03 p.m. .
A for Morning. ■ P for Afternoon. - I
• Sundays excepted. . t Saturdays only.
.. '.; ♦ Sundays only.
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
VnM^tnrf fWurd" I?*'1 ?*' ~ § c "n"rt"rs»iTi Thtrsdaya.
ii|iiim
CMC RAILWAY CO.
- Tibnrou Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Bafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. it.- 123\
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays-Extra trl a
at 11:80 p. sr. Saturdays— Estra trips at 1:55
• and 11:30 p. if. •• - ,
B0KDAY8— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 A. M.: 1:30, 3:3%
6:00. 13:20 P. M. , ,- , v , .
San Raton! to San Francisco. " .
WEEK DAYS— 6:15, 7:50, 9:20, 1110 a it •
3:40, 5:10 p. K. Saturdays— irini'
'- at 1:55 P. if. and 6:35 P. H. ■ - «*«»»npi
BTJNDAYS— B:. l), 9:40, 11:10 a. ic.: 1:40, 3:11
3:00, 6:25 P. Jf. • - S*. •*+
Between San Francisco and Schaetzea Park aam*
schedule as above. ~
. J^eave T _-„. . . . Arrive • '
, ; Ban Franclsca oc ? 14? : Ban Francisca.
Wkkk Sosr-'V j 1 ?*®-, Suit- Wkkk"
I Pats, | pats, "egtlnation. DAYa> | AYa .
: 7:30 am 1 8:00 am Novato, 110:40 AMI 8:40 am
8:30 pu| 9:80 am I'etaluma. -6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 PMj 6:OO I'M Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 p*
, ~~ ~~ : I Fulton, T~, ~ " '..
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 ah
Healdsburg, .
" l.ytton,
. . Geyserville, . . . ;
{ 8:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22
*! : i ~ Pieta, '
• "■-■'••■•: ■ Hopland & - >S.-'.
| 7:3oam 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 6:23pm
I 7:30 am | I ... 10:25ajC
8:00 am ; GuernevlUe. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 1 . 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 Alt Sonoma 10:40 am I 8:40 am
••-"•■'■. and .
j 6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:10 6:22 pm
I 7:30 AM 1 8:00 AM i a«»h«j«nrv.! 110:40 am 1 10:2 >AM
j B:3opmls:oopm| | 6;IQ l 6:22
3 Stages connect 'at Santa Rosa for Mark West -
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloveniale for the Geysers; at Pieta for HlgaUurt
I Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and mkepor:; as
; Hopland for ' Lakeport and Bartiett Springs; at
! Ukiah for Vichy springs. Saratoga Springs, Blui
' Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, Jonn Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Euck-
nell's, Sanbedrln Heights, Hullvilie, Boonevllla,
Greenwood; Orr*s Hot Springs. ' Memdoclno City*
Fort Bragg, Westpor:, Usa!, Wiliets, Cahto. Co«
velo, Layionvlile, Harris, Scot!a and Kureka. ;
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. .-- ■ "■■-. . :.•:- - ■. ,-;; ■ - .-..- ■ .rz
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Kafael at halt rates. "_ i • ■
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bunding.
H. C WHITING, B. X. AS,
' Gen. Manater. Gen. Pas*. Agent
Atlantic ' "^^^^
; Pacific;-, J^^^^S^
_ Trains leave and arciva * t p2§Sv^^P^?P?r!
SANTA fFeXPRESS. W%M
To Chicago via A. & p. V&EggfiSJ?*
•'Direct tine • ■;■■ - *^»^ff^Q^
■ Leaves daily at i :3O p. jr.; carrviriK Vullnian Faiaca
, £ra« inn-room and Modern Upholstered TonrUu
vLt e^2S2?W? ICh A mD daSljr '«»rou ? h to ciutow
Loullr"^ ? Annex cars for Denver and 8v
'Boston Kxearslon^ vin' vnnto. nn'i /^»., ' '
Mo^^^^^^S^^
! • -The best railway from California to the East
*.ew rails, new ties; no dust; In: erestlne scenerw
Md good meala in Harvey', d!n:ng room,. y '
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 MarkM
ft*. Chronicle Uuilding. Tele,,honeMaL»
1691* Oakland; Ills Broadway.
1112
GEYSER IS A
RARE GOOO ONE
Defeated an All- Aged Field
in a Handicap
Handily.
Four Out of Five Favorites Win
Again at the Oakland
Track.
Earl Cochran Captured the Third
Event at Odds of 12 to I— Tea
Rose Cakewalked in Again-
It was Tery uncertain weather, that at
Oakland yesterday. At intermittent
spells light showers fell, but not a down
pour that spoiled the sport. Although
the attendance was not as large as usual,
considerable coin changed hands in the
betting ring. The track was heavy, but
not muddy, and favorites took four of the
five events decided.
By far the best performance was that of
the two-year-old Geyser, running in the
colors of Ed Corrigan. Giving away
pounds of weight to aged horses in the
six-furlong nish-weight handicap, he
picked up his allotted 117 pounds, got
away irom the post absolutely last, waded
through the bunch and won by a neck,
galloping, from old Derfargilla. It was a
most meritorious feat and stamps the Ben
Ali youngster as about the best horse of
his age over a distance in these parts. He
opened a 3to 2 favorite, but went bacK in
the betting until 3 and 3^ to 1 was ob
tainable, it looking impossible that he
could concede so much weight.
Louis Ezell's Doubtful was made an
8 to 5 favorite for t'je first race over six
furlongs, and with Eddie Jones up won
with little in reserve from Klmer F, a 7 to
1 shot, ridden by Shaw. Boreas was a
poor third.
A prohibitive 1 to 3 favorite for the two
year-old event at six furlongs, Tea Rose
took the lead from thfe jump and running
under a pull the entire way, joeged past
the wire two lengths before Fortunate.
The latter beat Draught a head for place
in a hard drive.
The Cochran stable folks unloaded a
very warm one in the six-furlong sprint
that followed in Earl Cochran, a brown
gelding named after the owner's son.
Opening at 12 he was played down several
points, but before post time went back in
the betting again. Little Mclutyre, who
rode him, gradually moved up from fourth
position, and assuming the lead in the
stretch defeated Cadenza rather cleverly
by over a length. Last Chance, the
favorite, came with a rush at the end, tin
isning third.
Barney Schrieber's old horse, Braw
Scot, added one more to his long string -of
wins in the last, a seven-furlong run.
Plunged on at evens he got away in front
and, never headed, romped in half a
length in front of Navy Blue, who dropped
from tne clouds, beating Encino for the
place.
Notes.
Siarter Ferguson fined Eddie Jones $100
for beating the gate with Braw Scot. It
certainly seems that with tlie Australian
gate a starter shonld fine himself $500 if
he let a boy beat him away from tne po?t.
Riley Grannan, the noted plunger, and
hany Harris, the lightning fast block
man for Bookmaker George Wheelock,
were due to arrive here from the East last
evening. Will Wallace, it was thought,
might make it three-handed.
Alter Braw Scot had won the last race
he was bid up $400 over his entered selling
price of $200 by Tom Boyle, owner of Navy
Blue, who finished second. There is no
use denying the fact that Tom is on the
rignt tack, but from the way his own
horse was ridden and the way he came at
the end would h ye prevented many from
taking advantage of the selling 'condi
tions. He looked very much like the best
horse in th» race at the end.
The unlucky thirteen bookmakers
weighed in yesterday. Hugbey Jones, for
whom tlie sheets have not been breaking
just right the past few days, concluded to
take a season on the mound.
Secretary W. S. Leake of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club annnounces the date
lor the decision next month of the lollow
lng named stakes: G. H. Muinm & Co.,
Saturday, December 5; Palace Hotel
stake, Saturday, Decemoer 12; Pommery
Sec, Tuesday, December 29. and the Cali
fornia Oafcs on Thursday, December 31.
Frank Norcross, owner of the fast
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
gIXTM DAY, Thursday, November 19, 1896. Weather showery. Track good.
II H FIRST BACK— Six fnrlongs; selling; th:
•ec-year-olds; conditions: purse $iOO.
Index.! Horse, age. weight. .St. 14
109 Doubtful, 3 96 1
96 Elmer F, 5 108 2
109 Boreas. 4. 104 5
46 Charles A. a 105 7
59 Nic Nac, 3 96 3
92 Jack Atkins. 3.... 96 9
62 Don Gara, 3 103 4
102 Badger, 3 96 6
102 Don Pio Pico, 3.. 9b 10
114 Captain Coster, 4.108 8
12
2h .
IV»
9 lv
6%
II
10
8 1
%
1 h
2 2
IX
I?
95
6h
10
82
12
2 4
7S7 S £
5 h
S^
63
10
10
Str.
lib
3n
43
54
64
7 5
10
94
10
Fin.
K. Jones. 8-5
Shaw... ft
11. Martin 4
Golden 6
Clawson 6
Joe Webber 20
Frawley 15
llavden 30
Lang 30
Stipes „.. 10
Jockey.
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
8-5
7
6
9-2
8
30
20
100
400
15
Good start.
Won easily.
Winner, L.
zell's eh. g., by
•oubt-Natch ltoches.
Time, 1:1614-
-118.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; t
'o-year-olda ; coi
idltious; allowances; purse $350.
Index. Horse, weight. I St. % % %
(81) Tea Rose. 106! 2 14 13
104 Fortunate 106; 3 22 26
Draught. 106 4 ........ 44 3h
13 l>on Cl«irenclo....loß 1 ........ 31 J 410
Lupnla ....95 6 ........ 5 6-
-14
24
4 10
2*
Str.
Tin.
13 Freeman ........ 1-5
2 h H. Martin.. 10
3% Clawson 20
4&0 K. Jones 8 .
5 . V, Thompson...... 20 •
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. CL
1-5
20
30
7
100
Good sart.
Wo;i ea-ily.
Winner, George Rose's ch. f., by imp. Midlothian- Red Rose.
Time, 1:17.
119.
THIRD KALE— six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions; purse $350.
Index.
Horse, age, welchU St
V* % % Str. Fin.
........ 5h 4 2 3 2 12
21 22 22 2%
*Va 54 6 2 34
........ 6 4 62 51 4W,
........ 13 11% 11 610
........ 33 3% 4* 610
Betting.
Op. vL
Jockey.
82 Karl Cochran, 3.104 6
102 Cadenza, 3 100 J
92 Last Chance, 5.... 101 4
40 Tuxedo, 6 10K 6
106 Nell Flaherty, a.. 105 3
111 Urce, 4 105 2
6 Kose C ark, 4 105 7
92 Miss Gen ry, »....] o:> 1-ft
Mclntyre
T. Murphy
H. Martiu
Siiaw
W. Mipea
E. Jones
y. -ulnvan
Snider
12
V 4
8
4
6
• 4
8
10
12
18-5
3
4
9
18-5
40
20
Jenni^H Bll Time XC WW t 7MlMaeillry7 MlMaeillry WW ° D handUy - wlnn «, J. Cochran's br. g.. by imp. Slddartha-
-120 FOCRTH KAC£ - S « furlongs: all ages; highweight handicap; purse $600.
Ind. Horse, age, weight. I St.
'4
*& _ % Btr.
65 6b 4 3
aY, 2va 21
Sh .8% 32
8 8- ■ 8
11 13 13
42 4 h 5 iA
7% 72 7™
6% 66 6 r
Betting.
Op. CL
Fin.
Jockey.
(98)' Geyser, 2.. 117 7
Derfargiliß, a 12U 'i
88 Peru, a 114 4
110 Kydlßandldos,3.l2n b
B. Tonino. « 107 1
104 Hallelujah. 2 1.-J 3
100 Instigator, 3 114 8
Potentate, 6 126 8
1 y» W. Martin 2
2h J.Weber 6
3 1 H. Sta c ds 6
44 Coadv 10
fi 3 Shaw 5
6 3 H. Martin 20
710 Mcuione 18
8 J. Walker 3
7-2
16
4
16
10
10
,12
3
Perfect start.
Won easily.
Winner. E. Corrtgan's b. r., by Ben All-Hot Springs.
Time, 1:16.
121. OTHRACK0 THRACK - Sevenfurion K s : Ml'lng: three-year-olds and up; conditions; penalties: purse
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
St.
V 4
1 h
m
-6 IV'
8 -
4h
Str.
Fin.
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. CL
85 Braw Scot, a 101 1
108 Navy Blue, 4 99 6
106 Eucino, 3 102 2
106 >chnitz. 4 105 4
105 Two Cheers, 5.... 108 3
105 Meadow Lark, 4.. 96 6
Agitato, 5 104 8
89 CUTipe, 3 81 7
48 I Heartsease, 3 91 ]<-f.
|JoeH)ll, a 107 left
1 2
7 h •'
■ 2 1 :■
Si*
5»
3%
1 h .
'7 6
21
8 2
6 1%
I* :
62
11
6 10
•i 1
32
41
52
8
4 10
12 ■•; E J0ne5........;
;9 y. Clawson ..r.
'8 y% H. Martin
'! 4 1- - Hennessey ....
510 8&aw.... ........
6 6 Thompson...'..;
7 V*. Daneby .......
8 Lang.' \\
: . r;.: :;• Parker. ....'...;
A. 1*?e..........
1
15
6
4
3
10
50
50
20
500 ? i
6-5
30
5
I
4
20
200
200
60
30
;:.....\
Good start, except Joe Hill and Heartsease. Won handily.
Midlothian-Helen Scratch. Time. 1:30%,
Winner, & bchre.ber'a jr. g., by Imp.
Greenback sprinter, Pronto, was one of
those who fell to Potentate, thinking ths
Burns & Waterhouse sprinter a "pine."
Frank now says Pronto can beat the Hay
den Edwards horse from a panel up to
four miles.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, seven-eighths of a mile. sellinß—
116 Red G erm 110, 111 Ricardo 104, 109 Ex
cuse 96, 85 Model 101, 108 Nabopoiassar 93.
113 Monterey 105, 92 Duke Stevens 101, 95
Gold Bug 104, 12 Two Steps 1012, 106 Doctor G
102, 108 Seaside 98.
Second race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile,
selling— 97 Dura 100, 74 Alma 103, 112 Jeril
derio 93, 104 Grandezia 103. 104 Amelia 8 104,
Cl»ude*na. 103, Cordova 103. 87 Tryst 103.
Third race, thirteen-sixteenths of a mile,
purse— 7l Salvable 105, 66 Ruinnrt 105, Rey
delTierraßs, 112 Tempestuous 82, 77 D. J.
Tobin 82, 107 Miuta Owen 82, 87 Jay Wheeler
82.
Fourth rece, seven-elehths of a mile, handi
cap—(ll4) Moylan 113, P7 Indio 98, 110 Sir
Play 110, 108 Grady 90, 120 Rey del Bandido*
100, 120 lustigaiofc9s.
Flftn race, one and an eighth miles— (los)
Kamsin 106, (108) Littie Cripple 95. 115
Thornhill 107, 108 Coda 89, 99 Zaragusa 104,
96 Articua 107, 96 Joe Terry 98.
DEFENDED HIS WIFE
John Cook Acquitted on a Charge of
Deadly Assault.
John Cook, charged with assault with a
deadly weapon, was acquitted yesterday
in Judge Wallace's court by a jury with
out the tatter leaving their seats. Joseph
Cordes was ttie complaining witness. He
said that without any reasonable cause
Cook flew at him while he was talking
with Cook's wife and struck him with a
knife, and that he retaliated in self
defense.
Several witnesses, including the defend
ant, gave a different view of the case, but
it wag not until Mrs. Cook, wife of the ac
cused, bad completed her testimony that
a clear understanding of the altercation
was had. Mrs. Cook's story was very
clear. She said she was in her room at
the lodgine-house where she and her hus
band were living, and that Cordes entered
the room without her invitation and made
an insulting proposal to her; that she
cried out in anger against him, and that
Cordes seized her wrists; that her hus
band at that moment entered the room,
and that Cordes at once released her and
seizing a Knife that was lying on the table
attacked her husband, stabbing him dan
gerously; that in the struggle her hus
band obtained possession of the knife and
inflicted certain wounds on Cordes, after
which Cordes ran away.
The testimony being all in and argu
ment being waived, Judge Wallace began
to deliver the usual cnarge to the jury,
but after uttering a few words Hesitated a
moment, and then turning to Assistant
District Attorney Hinkie said: "I sup
pose, Mr. District Attorney, that you will
scarcely ask for a verdict against this de
fendant upon such testimony as this?"
"I think not," replied" Mr. Hinkie,
cheerfully, aud thereupon the jury as one
man rose up and said: "We find the de
fendant not guilty.''
SUICIDE OF A BUTCHER.
William H Johnson Hangs Himself in
a Stable on Oak Grove Avenue.
William Henry Johnson, a butcher liv
ing at 34 Oak Grove avenue, committed
suicide by hanging himself in a stable in
the rear of the premises on Wednesday
night When J. G. Johnson, the whole
sale butcher of South San Francisco, went
to the stable yesterday morning he found
the body of the suicide hanging to a beam.
The body was removed to the Morgue.
Johnson was a nephew of J. G. Johnson,
with whom he has been living for a long
time. The uncle is at a loss for a reason
why his relative should end his life other
than that he hs<i been afflicted with
stomach troubles for several years. On
Wednesday night at 10 o'clock he bade
the folks good night, and that was the last
seen of him alive. It was apparent that
be had been dead many hours when the
body was found. Deceased was 41 years
of age and was a native of New Hamp
shire. It was his intention to visit his
native State in a few weeks and live with
his folks. He was not married.
A DISAGREEABLE DUTY.
Breaking the -Newt* of a Man's Death
to Bis Widow.
Shortly after 6 o'clock Wednesday even
ing the body of a laborer was found in the
hold of the steamer San Bias, lying at the
Union Iron Works dock. He had evi
dently fallen into the hold and death was
caused by a broken neck. Who he was no
one around the dock knew. The body was
removed to the Morgue.
Yesterday it was learned that the man
was Daniel Sheehan, a stevedore living at
323 a Clementina street. What he was
doing on the San Bias is not known. A
friend of Sheeban went to tell the widow
what bad happened, but, though he is a
hardy old sea captain, his heart failed him
when he met the woman, and after chat
ting for a few minutes he went back to
the Morgue, and Deputy Coroner MeCor
mick was sent to break the news. He was
advised to have a physician present, as
the shock to the woman might cause two
more deaths. He did not appreciate his
duty in the least.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1896.
AFTER TWO DAYS
OF WEDDED BLISS
Attorney James H. Long's
Wife Has Sought Legal
Advice.
A Surprised Husband, Who
Thought His Wile Was
Homesick.
Her Attorney, H. I. Kowalsky, Says
He Wil Commence Suit ior
Divorce.
Mrs. James H. Long has sought the ad
vice of Colonel Henry I. Kowalsky, who
says that within ten days he is going to
commence suit for divorce in her name.
The colonel says tie has had the case
placed in his hands, but he does not yet
know the specific grounds on which the
suit will be brought, but he ?ays there is
no hope of a reconciliation.
On the evening of November 4 James
H. Long, the well-known Police Court
lawyer, and Miss Florence Marks, the
handsome and accomplished daughter of
Louis Marks, were united in the holy
bonds of matrimony. The ceremony, fol
lowed by an elaborate banquet, was cele
brated at the Maisun Kiche, Judge Bel
cher pronouncing the solemn words that
made two loving hearts one.
The wedding of the young couple fol
lowed close upon a brief acquaintance and
hurried courtship. Miss Marks bad en
joyed but two moonlight promenades with
| the man of her choice before the eventful
wedding day.
But brief as the courtship was the
honeymoon was briefer. After two days
the youn<; bride, with a tale of direst woe,
returned to the parental residence, 1015
Gulden Gate avenue.
Mrs. Long's family is much incensed,
and has anything* but kindly things!
to say of the new member of their j
family. They claim he hypnotized the I
girl aud dazzled her with his tales of a
princely income per month by his law
practice.
Mrs. Long, who is a talented young lady
and accomplished artist, was preparing to
leave for Europe to complete her art stud- |
ies when she met Long and abandoned all
her plans for his sake.
When Attorney Long was seen yester
day by a Call reporter and questioned
relative to the separation, his astonish
ment was too great for words,
"A divorce," ho gasped. "It is a jest.
Why, I have just been married two weeks
this evening.
"I cannot understand how such a report '
could have originated, unless — my wife
was suffering from homesickness and I
told her she had better go home to her i
mother, until, with time, the longing for !
her famiJy should graduaily pass away."!
TWO ELEPHANT STORIES.
Which Show That the Great Beasts
Can KeaHun.
In my opinion tne elephant is the most
intelligent of all animals. He thinks for
himself, and no matter in what position
he may be placed, or what emergencies he
may be called upon to meet, he seems to
be endowed with enough common-sense
to be equal to all occasions. He has also
a strong sense of humor, which *t times is
so marked as to be almost human.
This sense of the humorous was unusu
ally well developed in an elephant I knew
in the Jardin dcs Plantes in Paris, rie
was kept in a great inclosure out in the
open air, so that he had plenty of room to
roam about, in the same inclosure was a
very larc;e hippopotamus, for whose com
fort and amusement a great stone basin
had been built ana filled with water, and
the hippopotamus in turn furnished
amusement' for the elephant It was
quite early one morning— before the hour
lor admitting the pubiic to the garden
when I noticed the elephant walking
around on the stone edge of the basin,
curiously watching the hippopotamus.
I felt quite sure that the elephant was
up to some prank, and I was not mis
taken; for, just as soon as the ears of the
hippopotamus came into view, the ele
phant qulckiy seized one of them with his
trunk and gave it a sudden pull. The en
jaged hippopotamus lifted hia ponderous
head clear of the water and snorted and
blew; but every time he rose to take
breatli the elephant would recommence
his antics. Around and around the beast
would go, keeping a sharp lookout for tne
little ears of the hippopotamus, which he
would seize the moment they appeared.
His evident delight in teasing his hnee
neighbor was very comical, and there
could be no doubt that he thoroughly en
joyed it.
Again, one day, the keeper placed some
food for the hippopotamus in a corner of
the inclosure, and at once the hippopot
amus began to leave the water to j.-et it;
but the elephant slowly ambled over to
the same corner, and, getting there first
he placed his fore feet over the favorite
food in such a way that the hippopotamus
could not get at it, gently swayed lite
trunk back and forth, and acted alto
gether as though he were there quite acci
dentally, until the garden was thrown
open to the public and he went forward
to receive the daily contributions of
Dread, cake, pie, etc., which were always
offered him by his hosts of admirers.
Elephants appear to take much enjoy
ment in life and exhibit a good-natured
spirit even while at work. In the animals'
quarters at Bridgeport, some time ago, two
little elephants showed evident pleasure in
the tasks that were set for them. Even in
their stable, when no trainer was about,
one little elephant would stand on its bead'
just as it was used to doing in the circus*
and the other would look anxiously on un
til its own turn came to stand on its head
and be admired by the other.
1 — • — •
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to F. A Jen
nings, lot on mine of O'Karrell street, 193-9 X of
Broderick, E 18:9 oy S 80; * . '
F. A. Jennings to City and County of San Fran
cisco, lot on b line of O'Karrell stre.-t, 218-9 b of
Broderick, E 1 8:9 by 8 80 (exchange lota), reso
lution 1..193: I .
Marcus and Hulda Goldenson to Abraham Gol
denson, lot on W line of Florida street (Columbia^
182 8 of Twentieth. 8 52 by W 100: $D.
Edward and Teresa ITnwln to I obert Dodds lot
on W tine of Shotwell street, 176 Nof Twtntj-
fifth, N 25 by W 122:6: $10.
Emma A. Zlegenfoss to Bertha E. Zieienf uss.
lot on N line of Valley street, 434 E of Dolores. E
Charles C. and Susan J. Bern s to Mary ]•:.
Bemis. lot on N line of Jersey street, 114 E of
Chur h, E 25:6 by S 114; gift.
Same to Juliet F. Bern Is, lot on 8 line or Jersey
street, 139:6 X of Church, E 25:6 by 8 114; g.ft.
Oustav and Beltl Quandt to Marie Reuscbe, lot
on 8 line of Eighteenth street, 2a w of Castro. W
60 by S 76: gift. '
Josephine Mnlrahy to Jeremlab C. O'Connor
lot on sE corner of Shields and Head streets. X 26
by S 100, lot 25, block 48, City Land Association',
9.0
Mary Richmond to Ellen MoDermott, lot on B\V
line of Stanford street. 250 N W of Townsend, NW
25 by SW 80: gift.
Klleu McDermott to Mary Richmond (wife of
G. R.), Geor c Richmond, Kate Ball (wife of J.),
Ellen Hartford (wife of J.), Delia colbrandt (wife
of William) and James P. McDermott, same,
property goes to Mary Richmond until death, and
then revert* to ibe rest of grantees: gif .
Charles McCarthy to Abram Llppman, lot 47,
block 23, Lake view; IRIO.
S. B. MeCormick to James F. Sweeney, lot 818,
Gift Map 3: »1().
Emma D. Fisher to Jam» Watkins, lot on F.
line of iloiiiicello street, -00 S of taxaent, N 25
by E 100, lot 13, block 9, City .Land Association;
Henry N. and Eliza J. Mcihesney -to Ella IS.
Harman, lot on S\v line of Bemis street. 519 NE
of Castro, SE 60, N\V 230. W 63. BE 248; *10.
: ' , ALAMKDA COUNTY. .
, John R. Walker to Joseph X; Pedro, lot on E
line of Lewis street, 225 .NW of Third street, N 25
by E 125. beinc lot 16 block G, Bay View Home-
Biead. Oakland: $10. '
Lydla A. AciUey . to Henry S. Ackley, lot on N
lint' of Central avenu-. 400 E of Hark street, E
150 by N 100, being lots 24, 25 and 26, block B.
1 arson's (.olden Gate Tract, ■ Oakland Township:
gift.
i. Kobert M - Bryant to Mary K. Dobbins, lot on W
U nf! , of h»P*-]h »P*-] street, 120 Not Bancron way. N 60 by
w 137:1%. being portion of lot 4 bloc* 5. vi.la
joining the university on the south, Berkeley;
Union Savin Bank to L.H. Sly, lot on'.NW
V. *.°. f . Piedmont avenue, 321 NX of Moss, NE 35
by .N W 125. being the NE 5 feet of lot 10 and all
of. lot 11, block a. Thermal IHIL formerly the
Howe Tract, Oa land Township: $10
i- H. and Lizzie Sly to Koberi J. McMullen,
same, Oi, laud Township: $10. .
Axel ana la'.herlne Blombers to Victor Kumen
nis. lot on 8 Hue of Second street, 150 8 of Uni
versity avenue, a 50 by X 123, being lot 17. block
»A tract a; Berkeley Land ami Town Improve
me, nt Association, Berkeley; *650.
vs. if. counell to R. N. Brown, lot on S line of
£ ai ? t ,°o a avenue, 200 \V of Orchard street. W 40
by » 132:6, being lot 20, block B, amended Map of
moss 1 laot. Brooklyn Township, subject to a mort
gaKefor «150: •
Wesley J. and Augusta L. Covpy to Charles M.
and varah a Nichols, lot on NW line of Gordon
avenue. 212.22 NX from S line Of San Leandro
road, thence nk 100 by N\V 120.43, being lots 40
and 41, block A, Fanny Davenport Tract, being a
subdivision -of lot 6, . Yoakum Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $800.
Louis and Justine Oesterreicher to Leina Doy
en "L" lot on >J-: corner of McPherson street and
£»cific avenue, s 114, E 117.70, S 37.35, E 17.90,
*? .V •W l 35 -60 to beginning. Alam^da: $10.
Carl Jantzen to Henry Mohns. lot on X line of
\\ ebster street. 50 N of Eagle avenue, N 50 by E
10*. being lots 3 and 4, block K. Shephardson
property, subject to a mortgage for *2000, Ala
meda: $10.
Johanna or Ann Goodman to City of San Lean
dro, parcel of land bounded on the by S line of
, «r b bock,L ock , 47 ' E hy Martinez street, S by Parrott
anil \V by right of way W. P. R. R. Co., being por
tion of lots X and F, block 47, San Leandro, Eden
Township: grant.
v J «^i and p ann ah Quinn (by commissioner) to
r," « i Clark, lots 12, 13 and E one-half of lots 11
Bhip- «3^oo ° f %V lck " Adduion ' 88me Eden Town-
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
?T.^? rcheval> CourUand X L Hart. Sacramento
A n7 3 V Marin H Spencer, Los Angeles
a 7, C k°k K * ore " Hill I Boysen. Sacramento
A Dubbers. San Kafael F O'Grady. Vallejo
J Sexton, Utah a X Chandler. Stockton
DP McCarthy. Valleio J\V Beam. Denver
it dv ,?. n ' Yent »ra A Polhemus, San Diego
MrßßHolli-t«r,CourUnd MissH Hollister.Courtlnd
J Kicker, Helena H M Gustiri, Chico
M A Mayi.ard, Suisun A S Morton Aw, !»uisun
v m l '.N. N V J Van Houton Aw, Or
P Davis. La Grange X M Murray. La Grange
J .M;innion, Minneapolis J L Matthews, Salem
r, M Cutter. Marysville s Blum, Martinez
i. a? sa ?s? eUl Den ver G Schluederber^ Aw, Pa
Mrs IT Smith, Los Ang D Whittrnore, Sn Kafael
J A Donlon, Ventura Miss I Donlon. Hueneme
M J Sterling, Santa Kosa T A Marks, N" V
R. X Woodson. Chicago John Seaton, Uklah
Cr\rV < L or . < ! e> • Sevada « R Stewart, Crows lAg
VV Nichol s, Dutch Flat L O Jackson Sac
TR Hardtop, .Salem Mrs F Clark, Kansas Cy
W G Hatch, Kansas Cy a Trauseau Aw, Pa
£ Clem me s, Or j X Bnrnett.Paso Robles
i ? M us ti, Stockton W B McDougall, Cal
iJ R Hebbron. Salinas Miss B Cbarlebols, Cal
, J ■ Mason, Boston • J Jackson, Montana
X W Lemon, at Helena H A Keller Aw, Cal
C X Bannistle, Ogden W E Holmes. San Diego
S Porter Aw. Marlines P Carroll. Petaluma \
H Anil, Colusa A W Hall, Marysville
J Sims, sac j c Honk, Brooklyn
| Mrs U H Lyon, Cal A Porter A w.S L Oblspo
RUSS HOUSE.
I G Young A w, San Jose L Kelly, Sacramento
C Bolton, Sacramento \V Pensinger, Stockton
M Pensinger, Stockton J Martin, Woodlands
J W Hayes, Stockton <* Fernald A w, Mas*
E Haich, Healdsburg L Lltten. Healdsburg
X St. Clair, Santa Cruz F J Sloan. Fowler
F Webster A w, Cal 11 Crook. Cal
W Tucker. Santa Rosa X L Xougbart, Cal
Miss Bower, Ohio J Watson, .Nup.i
Z -Mac lll, Hea dsburg W Janete, >apa
J Johnson, Suiter Creek C Crabbe, Idaho
X Urth. Heading 8 Lame, san;a Crnz
j Miss stoce, Wiliett M Hale, Biockbury
J S Gibson, Williams W Wash. Sacramento
A J Cenvass, t-acto ■ W Shaffer, Willows
L Scearce, Orland A Jones, "an Luis Obispo
: J Richards, Urayson G Hi c. Winters
i T C Cox. Stockton O Younghead, Grayson
I X W Martin, Cal P Hulburt, Redwood
Mrs C Lone A s. Or F W Wall, >onora
1/ Murphy, Carson F Summers A w. lad
C Wakeland, San Jose W Standon, -Santa Cruz
T McGettlgan, Valle jo C Gracy. Volcano
C D Dyke, Fannlngion B M Gnson, Pa
X straw Vina McCloskey. Hollister
<5 Roberts, Lakeport J G Meyer. Los Augeies
| H. Morrison, Sacramento G Taylor, Petaluma
PALACE HOTEL.
I .W Irving, Redding » Heyman, N V
I Mrs Irving, Redding D A render, Carson
i 0 X Bannister, Ogdea J H Brewstar, Hartford
] Z S Spalaing, NY J Stern, Rio Vista
a D Avery, St Louis T M Klmball, 8 anford
I Mr* G D A very, St Louis J W White, Stanford
| A F Wainwrlghi, Cal J B Holllnahead, Mont
G J Route, St Louis A Wf Isaa s, Australia
I a II Sterling, Boston M Foy, Sydney .
M Mumm, Hampshire P J Looergan, J'enver
B H Harwood, England Capt Cameron, Cal
li R Kemp, Luudon M X Spencer, Melbonrn*
T J Held, Monterey . If C Goodwin, .\ V
X Rutledce. Wisconsin B Minzenh-imer, N V
Mrs Kutledjre, Wisconsin F rands, England
J L Requa, Piedmont X Graham. Honolulu
I) 9 Ko^»'iibaum.>toektn J McLachlan, Pasadena-
P L Sliuman, Chicago J Loyle, NY
r\ A Klmboll, Sau Jose A Hill <& w, Keswick
F E bharkey, N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
I C H Long, Chicago C T Walker. New York
| J ('■ Calling Aw,-V V B Richards. Syracuse
| W M Watson. Syracuse E G Haight. Little Shasta
| J PMvlar, Sacto T J Manning, USS
! Mrs J B Lane, ' Denver C Golden, Denver
F Davey, Salem X Appleton, Salem
i B L Fibber, Alabama T Jans«>n, Chicago
J A Campbell, Berkeley J A Anderson. Salt Lake
B Con way, Buffalo A Moss, Buffalo
X L Lawless, Rochester G E Ireland, Ba:avla
X L Jontz, Batavia A X Henderson, Ontario
G L Miller. Ontario P R Montgomery, 8 Jos*
J A Marito. San Jose J F Welsh A w.LAngeles
B L Fisher, Alabama Prof G Schuls, San Diego
A I McKearny. Chicago W A Jackson, Sacto
G G Harvey, Colorado W P Ryan, Pa
A Harrold A w. Ohio J F McLaughlln, Seattle
LICK HOUSE.
L T Hat Held, Sacto C Lindler, Sacramento
! X F Allen, Oakland H rodd. Oakland
( J D McDougall A w. Cal Miss McDougall, Cal
A C McCowel, Stockton Thos Maclay, Petaluma
A L Sprout, Chicago Guy Cuzner, Belmont .
, Geo A Story A w, Cal M Simon; Hanford
I Miss Elsie Schmidt, Cal R F Gregory, Uakersfield
It Gracey, Merced . W F Coftman, Yosexnlte
William Sex ton, s Jose S T Sal bock, Stockton
Chas Bogan, San Rafael N A McKay, Angels
O J Humphry, Cal J 8 Porter, Victoria
B J Read, Victoria T Williams. Marlposa
J li Gardner, Vallejo M Reavis, Maryavllle
BALDWIN HOTEL.
A R Jackson, NY J Ryan A w, Benlcia
P Ball. San Jose ' Handyslde.Aus
Miss M Kl.lott, Ana Miss G Elliott, Australia
A Hoops, NY I Payne. N V
C X Moore,' Cqlcago T S Milton Jr. Sausallto
J X Lester, Fresno T W Wei la, Sonora
F Reed A w, Sacto F Cowan, NY
U Harris, NY R Grannan, N T
1 •—• — • —
The Parsees of India have a strange
I funeral custom. They expose their dead
| to the fowls of the air on the Towers of
Silence at Bombay. It is their opinion
that neither the earth nor the water should
be desecrated by contact with a corpse.
LATEST SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
THURSDAY, November 19.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, 96 hours from Yaquina
Bay and way ports: pass and mdse, to Meyer
Akmann. ■ With tutnr Alice islancuarJ In tow. . "
' Stmr Alice Blanchard, Dunham, S days from
Portland, via Coos Bay — hours; pass and mdse,
to North i'ucitie Steamship Co. In low of aimr
Farallon. ■
Bchr Orion, Anderson, IS days from ' Grays
Harbor; lumber, to 8 E Slade Lumber Co.
Schr Maid of Orleans, Art?, 8 days from Grays
Harbor; siavebolu, to California Barrel Co.
importation*. .
EMPIRE CITY— Per Farallon— l pkg horns.
Port Orford— 2 b.lls fur*, 4 bxs dried fruit.
Marsh Held— loo tons coal. •',
Yaquina Bay— 3 bdls bags,' 7 coops chickens, 8
firkins butter. 100 bdls hooppoles, 14 kgs nails, 1
pkg yarn. 26 plow 1 beams, 16 sks oysters, 4 coops
turkeys, 1 bl carpet, 1 bx netting, 2096 sks wheat,
ten bis 40 ti hf-sks 4238 qr-sKs flour, 11 bxs
bones. 134 sks bark, ■< bdls green bides. 3en eggs,
160 cs salmon. 6 bbls junk, 2 bxs mdse, 5 sks glue
stock, 2 bxs tobacco, 25 sks seed, 114 pkgs chairs,
7 bxs clocks. 'U' llniii|fc. l jmtli| I .I,!|WH> ir .H.lJ lll Tiii<*Tfllilßiiill
PORTLAND— Per steamer 'Alice ' Blanchard—
bxs buhach, 12 pgks stoves, 1 cs dry goods, 181.
-150 ft lumber. . . ■
Astoria— •£ cs cheese, 95 bdls hides, 2 bdls dry
hides. 3 bdls sheep pelts, 10 M lumber. 3000 bdis
shook . - , -\ r - ; •S~ .-■■■
Coos Bay— 3 bis flannels, 23 cords matchwood.
. Conslenea*.' .
Per Alice Blanchard— Bandon '••■ Woolen Mills;
Metropolitan Match Co: : Clatsop Mill Co: Kowal
sky A Co; v Cook: Stockton Lumber Co; o J
Turner: Humboidt Lumoer Co; D H Ribb Lum
ber Co; Hoffman & Co: W B Grace 4 Co; Merten
ManfgOo; 11 s Kay Manfg Co.:- :■''■-<•;,<.:.
Per Farallon— Ames & Harris: California Chemi
cal Works: W H Haunt J H New bauer <fc Co;
Baker A Hmnll on; D N A E Walter & Co: Lucas
A Co: smith's Cash .-tore; standard OH Co; Mor
gan Oyster Co; H Doy.e A Co; Heuken & Schroe
der; :: i.egallet & Helwlg Home Supply , Assu;
Gooiall, Perkins <fc Co; ' H S Johnson; i Stauffer &
Co; c Hi-r.-y A Co: N Ohlandt A Co; W Gilbert A
Co: vv c Price ,v Co: E X sieve ns A Co; llllmun
A Bendei; C M Volkman; B S Harris: Wellman.
P^ck A Co; H r Dut«rd: C J leist <ft to: JP
Thomas: Allen A Lewis: Jonas Erlanger A Co;
Moore. Ferguson A CO. . i ■■:-. ■" -«-■,". ;:-.'<:>
DIVIDEND ; NOTICES, i
fP^ 3 ' DIVIDEND Na; 37 (TWENTY -FIVE
■»-* cents per share) of the tchluson Sugar
Plantation company will be payable at the office of
the company. 327 Market s .. on and after FRI-
DAY, NOVEMBER 20, -1896. v Transfer-books
will • close - Saturday, November 14,- 1896, v at la
o clock at^v 7 ; i.. ii. SHELDON, Secretary.
-.- . '
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Cley; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, op*»
ontll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
130 Ninth street, open nntll 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE; O*' MEETl>'Ois. ■ •
■t^» YERBA BUENA CHAP- fl
*~^ ter No. l. Knights Rose i — >j* — »
Croix — Meeting .THIS (FRIDAY) — «3 — '
EVENING, Novemoer 20, at 8:30 ft
O clock. j GEO. J. HOBE, \( •
Secretary. M
St^g= YERBa BUENA LOD .E OF PEi£ ,.
"^^ fection No. I— Regular meeting THIS a
(FRIDAY; EVENING. November 20, A
at 7:30 o'clock. D. 14. .jfaV
" . GEORGE J. HOBE. Secretary. "^Jcts
BPS 3 REGULAR MEETING OP V r> >,
**-^ s ' the Caledonian • Club THIS A, Jfc|3s
EVENING at 8 o'clock. The annual sR»!f ty£
election of officers will take place. Polls *fc^T*
open at 8:30 and close at 9:30. A full attendance
Is requested. Scottish Hall, 11l l.arkin st.
D. R. McNEILL, Chief.
Jab. H. Duncan 1 , See. ,
It~S' A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THIS
■J-^ WEEKIY CALL, IP wrapper, for mailing.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
KC3p GAS FIXTURES MADE TO ORDER;
l**^ cheapest place in the city. H. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
KS" BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR »4:
*-*' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 416 Montgy hi., room 6. - Tel. 6580.
SITUATIONS \V ANTED— I'EMAXE. .
I?IRST-CLASS FRENCH COOK DESIRES
'situation: also a superior English cook, with
the best of references; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 323 hatter st.
(COMPETENT, TRUSTWORTHY WOMAN
\J wishes to do washing, ironing, cooking and
housecleaning by the cay. MRS. M. CURTIS,
3367 Twenty-sixth st, near Mission.
■\TOUNG GERMAN GIRL wishes i situ a-
X tion at general housework. Please call 8 En
terprise st, off Folsom, bet. Sixteenth and Seven-
teenth.
KESPECTABLE WOMAN WOULD LIKE PO-
slclon as working housekeeper; is good cook,
and fonq of children, address H. H., box 67, Call.
rpUOKODOH MILLINER (VIENNA, AUB-
X tria) wishes situation. Address H. 8., box 131,
Call Office. -. .
C COMPETENT DRESSMAKER DESIRES PO-
i sltion to assist in !i-ht upstairs work and do
the dressmaking. Address L. 11.. box 123. Call.
■\"OUNG WOMAN WISHES A SITUATION.
X good cook:. family of adults: no wash: wages
$15. ham work, wages *25: nationality Spanish;
F. C. box 27. Call Office. -
WIDOW WOULD LIKE A POSITION AS
working housekeepeer In small family or
widower's home. 865 y a Market st, room 18.
1 EXPERIENCED ENGLISH NURSE WISHES
X-i entire care of infant or young child; Protes-
tant; go d references; no employment office need
apply. E. N., box 24, Call Office.
\T EAT RESPECTABLE GIRL WISHES SITU-
Xi ation for housework or . chamberwork and
waiting; is kind to children. Pleasd call 46 Buss
SM near Howard.
(1 IRL WANTS SITUATION AT REST A
VI rant or coffee-house. Apply 7 Boston place,
off First
"J RESSMAKKR AND SEAMSTRESS WOOI D
XJ like situation by the month. Address D. D..
box 139. Call Office.
OMAN WOULD LIKE A SITUATION FOR
light housework; wakes reasonable. Call or
addres> 716 Laurel avenue, between Buchanan
and Webster.
"VTEAT, COMPETENT WOMAN, GOOD COOK
Xi and laundress, desires a place in an American
family; city or country: city references. 777 .mar-
ket st, room 25. ; -.
V A SWEDISH GIRL PLACE TO DO COOK-
ing or general housework. 91)1 Folsom st.
IRL, 13 YEARS OLD, WOULD LIKE A
home and go to school if possible. Please ad-
dress CORA SCHADH, 171 Minna st
/COMPETENT GIRL WISHES A SITUATION
V to do housework or downstairs work. Please
call 227 Hayes st. '
OMAN WANTS PLACE AS INVALID'S
nurse or confinement 218 Ninth st.
\V OMAN A* PLAIN COOK OR HOUSEWORK
TT 218 Ninth st. ___,
\\r ANTED— LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S
IT mending. 944 .oward st., room 2.
IRISH GIKL. LATELY FROM THE EAST,
J- wishes housework: wages moderate; assist
with children. 467 Bryant at
]?OK BEST HELP OF ALL NATIONALITIES
-1 call or address Scandinavian Employment Of-
fice, 107 O'Farrell su
ATURSE, HAS HAD LAKGE EXPERIENCE,
Xi ready for work; American. 107 Fifth st. nr.
Mission. ■ - •
SITUATION WANTED BY A GIRL 16
O years of age; light housework: church-going
people preferred. ; Call or a-idress 1625 Church st.,
nr. Twenty-ninth.
WELL-EXPERIENCED W >MAN WISHES
" a position as a nurse or housekeeper; is a good
seamstress . nrst-dass references. M. W., 21 Van
Ness aye.
HALTED— BY AT? ELDERLY WOMAN
(Protestant), a situation to do genera! house-
work In small family; wages from $12 to $16
Call or address 439 Minna uu
OSiriON AS HOUSEKEEPER TO AN
elderly gentleman. Address W., Young
Woman's Christian Association, 1221 O'Farrell st.
TRONG DANISH GIRL DESIRES HOUSE-
-0 work by the day; clothes and windows washed.
600 JBroderlck st.
r OUNG LADY (NORTH GERMAN), GOOD
■L cook, seeks position as housekeeper. F. M..
box 22. Call Office. _^ Ll
girls WOULD LIKE a PLACK to DO
general housework. Call 2-1 Eleventh st. \.
1 \ANISH GIRL WANTS TO DO GENERAL
XJ housework. Call or write to 66 Oregon st -
1 RESSMAKER WISHES FEW MORE EN-
XJ gagements by the day; $1; or will take - work
home; wor* and perfect fit guaranteed. Address
Dressmaker, box 73, Call. ,
%V OMAN WANTS SITUATION TO DO
" general housework in either German or Ameri-
can family ; good cook. Please call at 6 Guerrero.
ITUATION WANTED BY AN EXPERl-
enced lady In confectionery or notions business,
best references given. Address C Z., box 148, Call.
VOONG LADY WISHES A POSITION TO
X take charge of a small rooming-house or up-
stairs work and family sewins. J. X., box 136,
Call Office. .-.•-
-pKRMAN GIRL WISHES A SITUATION AS
** upstairs work or housework. Please call 257
Natoma st., between Third and Fourth.
ADY WISHES TO DO WASHING OR
housecleaning by the day. Ad. 2417 Mission.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES A~POSITION~TO DO
general housework In a small family; Oakland
preferred. Please call at 1002 Powell st
YOUNG G~l R L WITH REFERENCES,
X would like to do light housework. 2603 Bryant
st, near Twenty-fourth. • -
pOMPETENT SWEDISH GIRL DESIRES
\J situation to do general housework: references.
Call 4 Folsom aye., off Folsom st, near Eighth.
T OUNG LADY WOULD LIKE SITUATION
' X as housekeeper; city or country. Apply 117
Eddy su, room $1. • •
9 YOUNG GERMAN GIRLS WANT PLACE
— to take card of children or make themselves
useful in house; good home preferred. 33«v-.
Tehama st v *
O FRENCH GIRLS, FIRBT-CLASS COOK AND
*- second girl: thoroughly competent. Address
809 O'Farrell st. : 3 years' reference.
YOUNG WOMAN.WOULD LIKE WORK BY
X the day ; waihing or housecieaning: references
given. Address MRS. L., 109 silver «v .
VTEATGERM AN GIRL, GOOD REFERENCES
XI wishes . to do second work. 16 West Mission
st, near Twelfth. .
ROTESTANT ELDERLY LADY LIKE A
place. In. nice family as mother's help. 338
Seventh st, rear, top floor. . .
U,' ANTED— RESPONSIBLE POSITION" FOR
_» » young lady who has lately spent two years in
Europe as lady's companion or helper or attend-
ant for Invalid lady. Inquire 501 Larkin st. -
VV ANTED— YOUNG LADY WISHES APO3I-"
■."i, n as governess; or companion to Invalid
lady; or light housework aud companion to lady
references. Address P. O. box 680. San Jose. Cal.
EASTERN LADY WOULD LIKE PLAIN SEW.
XJ Ing; no triflers need answer. 144 Fifth st
room 2, first flit. : ■ \ ... ■.*-- '
]Yf IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WISHES A SITUA-
XX lion to do few. hours' light housework every
day. Please call 2 Wheelock place, off Vallejo st
near Powell.
W INCHES 2 ER HOUBK. 44 THIRD : ST.. NR.
.1 lar «' : 20 ° rooms: 26 ° »■*l °° P«p night?
fl 60 to s6 per week: convenient and respectable
: ire> bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ■:•■,,.-.
'A.' WEEK'S NEWS j " FOR •' 5 J CENTS — TH»
a WF.EKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
MltAllu>» WANTKD-MALe;
HUNTER CHINESE AND -JAPA
nese employment office. 17 =' Webb st, below
Kearny. nr. Cat. ; teL main 231. W.C. Young, mgr
CIHINESB AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. • 414% O'Farrell. Tel. E 426,
pHINESKA JAPANESE: KST'D. 20 YEARS :
VVhelp;tel.maln 1997. BRADLEYACO.. 640 Clay!
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY R. 75."
Bt. Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy st: teL Main 5234.
pOOK WISHES SITUATION IN THE COUX-
\J try: understands baking bread, pies, etc. 1301
Santa Clara ave.,'Alameda. r P ' " O1
POSITION, AS COLLECTOR: REFERENCES™
security, T. P., box 136, Call office. "~- • .'
.CJTFATIONS WANTED-Continnert,
TNMATE OFGOOD TtMPLABS 1 HOME For
A. Orphans, boy 14 years of ace, recent graduate
from grammar school, having obtained -free tin
tion to Jieald's Easiness ColleKe, wishes place tc
work morning and ' evening lor his board ant
clothes while attending school. Address .Matron
G. T. Home, Vallejo, CaL . V :'»
STEADY YOUNG MAN WISHES POSITION
of any kind; can keep books and correspond It
Spanish and English; city reference, S. Y. M.
box 44, Call Office.
SITUATION' WANTED— I WILL PAY $5 1 C
O any one furnishing me information leading t<
a position; am tirst-class boiler-maker, well rec
Ommended. 184 Russ st. -
IV ANTED— BY. YOUNG MAN OFOOODHAB
"■»i its and abilities, care of a place: good refer
ences. Address A. J. P. ELDRIDG*., Sonomi
County. Cal. - : ..
BUTCHER, YOUNG MAN, WANTS WORK
good reference; wages not an object. Address
A. 8.. box 84, Call Office. ■ .
TV] EAT AM) RELIABLE JAPANESE SkEKi:
li position doing some work every morning, after
noon or night. E EM, 7U9 Geary St.
AN (ENGLISH) USKIP.TO HOKSKS, GARB
ening and carpenter's bench. wants steady Job
Address Driver, box 102, Call Office.
T>Y A MARRIED COUPLE (<i KK.Vi AN) ON A
X> ranch or vineyard; la years' experience; nrst-
class recommendation; wages reasonable. Farmer
box 20. Call Office. .....
TTaN AND WIFE (EASTKKN PEOPLE)
1»I private place; man understands care horses
cattle ana grounds: wife competent cook and
housekeeper or second work. Address A. 8., boa
39, Call. ' ' - .:--
M~ AN NURSE, INDUSTRIOUS AND WILL-
Ing. wants to care for a private patient or In-
valid; long experience. Address Nurse, box 3,
Call Office, Oakland.
YOUNG GERMAN FitOM THE EAST DE-
-1 sires place In bakery; bread or cakes. Ad-
dress SI Second St. ■ .-
"EXPERIENCED BOOKKEEPER DESIRES
-Hi situation; references Al. Address W. \V.,
box 39, this office. ■ - .
SITUATION BY. YOUNG MAN: SPEAKS GER-
-0 man; graduate- Address Y. X., box 64, Call
Office. :
pARPKSTER BY TRADE; ACCUSTOMED
\J to the management of property: can handle
any kind of tools; run engine; will furnish refer
encea and bonds. Ad. K. Z., box 143. this office.
Ul ANTED— SITUATION AS CUTTER; LATE-
Iy from the Kast; 12 years' experience; also
practical tailor; reference*. T, box 76, Call.
YOUNG MAN (AMERICAN) DESIRES A
-L position where there Is no Sunday work; best
of habits and California references. Address C AL,
box 16"-', this omce. ■■ :
\l ALE ATTENDANT WISHES TO WAIT
i'-l upon mental or invalid gentleman: best ref-
erences. G. W., 628 Eddy st., San Francisco.
pARPEST_K WANTS WORK: IS AN EX-
\J pert, on leaky roofs and skylights; repairing
old work a specialty. Address Carpenter, box 151,
Call office. ■ ■
ICENSED ENGINEER DESIRES SlTUA-
tion: eitner city or country. Address P. O.
box 2432, San Francisco. Cal.
■yOUNG SINGLE" MAN (GERMAN).
X strictly sober, wants . work on private place or
any other kind of work: is good driver; can give
bonds as to honesty. Address WILLIAM It., box
84. this office. ■ ■ ■
Vy IN CHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
»» Market— Electrics lights In every room; 200
rooms; 26c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 pec
ww»lc: frw bus and rmgg»"p 10 >n»1 from ih<> t»»rrv
I'EMALi; HJ_L_* WAJN'TKD.
ERMAN OR SWEDISH ; SECOND GIRL,^!):
VT nurse, $15: 12 housework girls, city and coun-
try, $20 and S~5: 8 young girls, assist, $10 to $16.
MISS CULLEN, 323 butter st. ' ' -T ';
\TKAT GIRL AS COMPANION AND SLEEP
— l home, $10. MISS CULLKN, 323 Sutter st.
CATHOLIC HOUSEWORK GIRL, SALINAS,
/ $20. MISS CULLEN, 32» Butter st.
EFINED GIRL FOR SECOND WORK FOR 3
J-V weeks, 815 per month. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sntterst.
pER MAN OR SWEDISH MAN AND WIFE"
V $30. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter st.
NEAT YOUNG NURBEGLRL, $10^ MISS
-l> CULLEN, 323 smter st.
SECOND GIRL, CLAY ST., 15. MARTIN'S,
O 749 Market.
3 WAITRESSES, $15, ROOM, ETC.; WAIT-
Ores*, $5 a week; 3 waitresses, $20 and room:
2 waitresses, city. $40; waitress, $3 50 a week;
waitress, city, $20. small place: housestrl, Post
St., $20: girl, OctAvia St., $15; middle-aged
woman for ranch; second girl, $15; girl, Hayes
st., $12; 2 girls for Palo Alto; housekeeper, $15-
-girl. Fell st. $15; girl. Vallejo, Cal.. $15; girl.
Lacuna st.. $15: girl, O'Farreil $20: girl, Stan-
yan si., $15: Bin, Webster st., $20; girl, Polk st.
$16: girl, Powell St., $15; girl, Hayes St., $15:
cook for a few ranchnands; IS young girls, $8
$10 and $12 per month, assist, etc., nice families
MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
O LURED GIRL FOR DECEMBER 1; $20.
/ MARTIN'S, 749 Market. -
/GERMAN WOMAN AS COOK: $25, ROOM,
VJ" etc.: small place. MARTIN'S, 749 Market.
LADY STENOGRAPHER, MARTIN'S, 748
Market.
1 (\ GIRLS FOR HOUSEWORK. COUNTRY;
X\J experienced girl for second work and sewing
small American family, 420: waitress, hotel, city,
$'-'0, and others. MURRAY' & READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634-636 day st.
ft OOD COOK AND HOUSEWORK <iIRL. GER-
VT man or Scandinavian. $25; German cook,
small family, $20: 2 waitresses, small hotels, $15-
-young girls, light housework, $15, $18. C. R.
HAN.SEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
EsT.vURANT COOK, *30: 2 WaITRESSKS,
$20; cook, German style, S3U; Protestant sec-
ond girl, $20; girl for housework, 2 in family,
country. $20: nurse, same house, $16, and a large
number of girls for housework. J. F. CROSETT
_ CO., 316 cutter st.
f\ IRLFOR HOUSEWORK, AMERICAN FA M-
VXlly, $20; girl for chamberwork. $15: call early.
721 Ellis st.
\\r ANTED— YOUNG SWEDISH GIRL TO DO
" light houseworic In Aiameda; call early.
MISS BOKDIN. 107 O'Farre 1 st. ; ■ ,- -
IRL OF 15 TO ASSIST WITH HOUSEWORK
VT and take care of baby. 2523 Folsom st.
AILORESSES TO WORK ON CUSTOM
x coats. 3:i'2y 3 Clementina st,
ANT D — HOUSKKE^PER FOR SMALL
»» family. 18 Oak rove aye., rear.
Tir ANTED — 3 WAiTRESSKS. 9 O'CLOCK
• > sharp. Union Restaurant, 1245 Kentucky st.
pIRLTO LEAKS OPI- RATING ON PANTS;
VX paid while learning. 206 Minna st.
pi OOD WAITRESSKS WANTED. 2130 FILL-
\X more st., near Sacramento.
ANTED— FIRST-CLASS LADIES' TAILOR.
VERDI ER. 944 Geary at.
OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WHERE OTHER
help is kept. 1914 Clay st., from Itosp. m.
I'IN ISHER ON COATS, BUTTON-HOLE
J- maker. 9 Geary st., room 4.
WANTED— FINISHERS ON COATS; GOOD
wages. 9 Powell st., room 4.
IGHT SCHOOL NOW OPEN. FLYNN'S
DrfS«-cntting and Making School, 14 Ulster
XPERIENCED GIRLS WANTED AT
paper box factory. WEMPE BROS., 127
Mission st.
W r ANTED— HOUSEKEEPER: YOUNG
widow preferred. G. D. G., box 61, Call.;
"VTOUNG GIRL TO MAKE HERSELF UENER-
■I- ally useful about house. 2014 Green st.
EARN JJRESSCUTTING AND FITTING-'
skirt patterns.2 MCDOWELL'S. 636 Market
AIRDRESSING, MANICURING LESSONS-
reasonable. Miss D0y1e,212 Powell: 105 Ninth
OSKDAI.E HOUSE, 321 ELLIS, TAY-
lor— loo furnished rooms; 25c night; $1 week.
AIRDRESSING, V!6c AND 35c- AFTEl'-
noon classes: 10 lessons. $1 50. 1248 Mission.
\KT ANTED— MEN AND WOMEN To LEARN
I T barber trade: ' only 8 weeks required: tools
given and catalogue sent. S. -Jt Baruer = School
1515 Howard st. . .
VIOS-r CONVENIENT AND KKSPECTABLK:
,V.r: Wincne Bter Uonse, 44 Third et.. near Marlwt:
200 rooms; 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to *i
P-r^epic: tree 'bos and oaggase to and from lemr.
BALE HELP , WANTJBD. *
|>LACKSMITH, SMALtTsHOPi BOY~'fOU
I > store work, $4 a week; man and wife for
ranch, $30: shoemaker, $6 a- week, board and
room. MARTIN'S, 749 Market at.
2 waiters, $25 AND ROOM:~COok, $40
and room; waiter. $26; res; urint cook and
second. 765 «nd room: 'lunch and dinner waiter
MARTIN'S, 749 Market st. - « alter.
■VTURsK FOR HOSPITAL. $30, . BOARD
II room, etc. MARTIN'S. 749 Market st. ~^
CIHEF FOR DECEMBER 1; 190 TO $125
I MARTIN'S, 749 Market at. . * " 7
SECOND COOK, NEAR. CITY, $35 ANI
O found; 3 cooks, $30, $10, $60; 3 waiters-
man baker. $30 sailor for a gentleman's yacht- 2
shoemakers: bOy t . for a store. MURRAY 4
%3BClayk T* Employment Agents. 6S± and
■L>OREMAN FOB A RANCH, SEE BOS?
An s e: anne , , * nd wife; 6 farmers. $20, $25 and
$30; 5 wire-nail operators. MUKRa y A READY
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st. | '
W Al * - WORKING FOKI..MAN FO tt
TT fruit ranch. $35 and Increase; 2 carped
ters, $2 to $2 25 day; shoefltter; coopers- waiter
country hotel, $.5 and found, and others Apply
to J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacramento st P-
DO AST COOK AND BROILER, COUNTRY
xi< hotel, $65: head waiter for restaurant, $45
C. R. HA NSEN <fc CO.. 1 10 Geary st.
VJ $25. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 11Q eary St.
\Y CONGENIAL COMPANION TC
. ' go south camping; the best outfit in the State
furinshed; rare opportunity, v Can before 11 a. m
at 222 Ninth st.
\\T ANTEU-AN OLD MAN TO MIND RANCH'
" good home; small n eS - Ar>nlv ' MB&
COMKRFOKD, 2736 Folsom su PP y BS
pYLINDER-PKEHS Kl-.EDER. BROWN A
\J BLEY CO., 49 First st. *»«uwa «s
VIRSI-OLASS 2-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP FOB
X sale ; good location. Call at this office. "^ *" "
. HELP WANTED-Cotitlnnort. .
\\T ANTED— IN LAW. OFFICE, BOY ABOUT
'» 16 who : understands shorthand and 'type-
writing. Address in own writing P. O. box
227 U. '
DISHWASHER .AT 43 SECOND
*' street. : v
T>USHELMAN WANTED. 24 SUTTER ST.
ANTED -DISH W ASH KB; NORTH BEACH
. Hotel, cor. Bay and Mason sts.
pOATMAKEK TO WORK INDOORS. 954
\J Mission st., near Sixth. ; ',
pEDDLERS Wanted. 335 fiSll STREET."
p ood cook Wanted at 202 ninth st.
ANTED— BOY WHO HAS WORKED IN A
printing office; give references and wages ex-
pected. Audress H. H., box 79, this office.
/IERM.AKBOY, ABOUT 15 YEARS. DKUG-
VJ store, cor. Ninth and Mission., after 9 a. m.
l\r ANTED— to MEN TO CUT OAK WOOD
it and lumber on shares. Inquire B^2 Valencia
St., upstairs, 9 to 10 a. m.
SEAMEN FOR EUROPE. 10 3TEUART ST..
0 up stairs.
OTCHER-SHOP FOR SALE, $150: BIG BAR-
gain on account of death; test location, cash
trade. Apply 114 Second st.
V\/ ANTEIViu COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOK
»» ers&clerks. KNtiX Collection Asoy, 110 Sutler
ARBERS' PRO i' i-.CT 1V X UNION JiMPLOV-
XJ me nt secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
ARBER>— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC
P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS, 325 Grant aye.
OURNEYMEN BARKERS' EMPLOYMENT
secretary, H. BERNARD, 102 s-eventh st.
ANTED— IOOO MEN DUBLIN LOTUS BAR-
ber-shop: shave, sc; haircut, 10c 207 Fourth.
ABBER — 2-CHAIR SHOP AT SACRIFICE
if sold to-day. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis.
Q CHAIRS AND FIXTURES COMPLETE FOR
0 shop, cheap. 4 Sacramento st.
ECRUITS WANTED FOR THE UNITED
XX states Marine Corps. United States Navy;
able-bodied unmarried men, between the ages of 21
and 30 years, who are citizens of the United states,
or those who have legally declared their intention
to become citizens; must be of good character and
habits and able to speak, read and write English
and between 6 feet 5 inched and 6 feet in height.
For further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cat : -
WANTED— 500 MEN TO-DAY TO EAT BEST
5c and 10c meals. Old Economy, 410 Kearny.
/CHOICEST DINNER ,6 COURSES, WINK OH
\J coffee, icecream: 15c. CLIFFORD, 206 Ellis. \.
LCHO HOU.->K, 8631y£ MARKET ST.— ROOMS ,
20c, 25c to 60c night; $1 to $2 wee*. \ /
"VTKW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, RET.
XI 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
tosoc.w.'ek $1 50: reading-room: strictest at-
tention morning calls: clean; quiet; open all night.
ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed itolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
E>T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMB. 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 z5, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and sdorff sts.
1 (\l\ MEN TO.TAKK LODGING AT 10c, ISO
IUU and 20c a night, including coffee ana ro.U.
624 Washington st. , near Kearny. , ;.■ . '
\\T ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
» » week; rooms for 2, 25c a day. $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay nt.
mHE CHEAPEST AND LARGEST LODGING-
X house in town, Llndell House, 6th and Howard.
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NX.
Mancet: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
DOOMS I6c TO 75c P*-R NIGHT; 50OTO $1 50
XV per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st
VTEW GRAND. 246 THIRD— SUN NY ROOMS
Xi from $1 to $3 per week; reading-room.
OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS, NEAR TAY-
XX lor; 200 rooms; 25c night; reading-room.
HOES' SHOES! SHOES! NEW TO ORDER;
any style, $3 up; misfits and cast-off shoes
bought or exchanged; large stock of second-hand
shoes; first-class repairing: work guaranteed.
749 Mission St., near Grand Opera-house. ?.*•>.' '
SIMON WANTS 100 MKN TO IiET BOT-
. tie beer or wine 6c : best free lunch. 643 Clay.
~Y\ r ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OK
IT some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN'
WEDDERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C, for their $1800 prlza
offer and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
k.N'3 HALF-SOLINIi, 60c.: LADIES. 40oT
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palaca
Hotel; branch 767 Market. o»n. Will & Finck's.S.F-
rpRY ACME house, »57 market st., BK-
X low Blxth. for a room: '.'sc a night: $1 a week.
'YV ANTED, YOUR SHOES WE REPAIII
* » shoes up to 10 o'clock every night: those work-
Ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
at niglit while you wait: ladles' soling, 35c; men*
eoiing, 60c: tine shoes made to order trom $2 up-
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, as
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c up to
$2 uO. f>B2 Mission .St.. bet First at. and Strong su
PARTNERS WANTED.
A^TrETnrp^A^T^TERT^VITH $15oT^lS
small mining venture; will pay well during
winter. M. C. <;.. box 68. 'all office.
fe'UKsnxmuc WANTED. ~ -
IF 6 U W A^. T G'tKJ >JJ ' U PRWKS F()K j.'u K N i"
lere and merchandise see BURD. 211 Larkln.
IGHER PRICii THAN. ANYWHERE PAID
by Indiana Auction C 0,1057 Market. opp.
ASH PAID FOP. ENTIRE HOUSES Uti
/ smaller lots of furniture, carpets, etc J.
BOWCHICR. 222 s°n»l nn 3 tß'.
houses WANTED.
A^TET^rO^EXsY^oX^NE^YE^R^OR
more, a new, entirely modern, unfurnished
11-rcom house; choice neighborhood for private
residence. Address room 360. BaldMi? Hotel.
\VA2n*XiiD— 3IISCi£^JLA»;oIJS.
al?d s^wTnTT^mXchine Wanted^
quote lowest price. H. 8., box 134, CalL
ANTED — GRUBSTAKE BY RELIABLE*
\f prospector. J. C. X-, box 126. thla office.
ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
*» Ing, painting, etc.. by contract or day's work.
at your own price: work must be had. N. k'
MERIQAN. 1302 Webster at "
Machinery Wanted in exchange
for Stockton lots. White. 516 Mission st.
OLD gold AND silver bought: jkwki, 1
ry, watches repaired. MUNI), 1133V4 Mission.
UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES."
doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1166 Mission su
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AN i) JrW-'
t~ flrv to A. KLKIN. 109 Sixth St.: sen 1 no««;-.l.
-———__ _ _____
UOKSJKs.
pREDITORs' SALE AT ACCTION— CON-
V tents of livery stable, 3114 Sixteenth st., near
Valencia, Monday, November 23. at 11 o'clock
a. m. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers, office
327 Sixth st
AC\ HORSES FOX SALE; ALSO WAGON
~X\J buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horw
Market, 327 iSix.h st : auction sales every Weau«».
«lay. SULLIVAN A boYLE, Auctioneers.
THE EMPORIUM SALES YARDS. 220 VA.
X lencia St., is the place to go It you want to buy.
sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or ha*.
ness: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
t\f\l\ >=ET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAH-"
kJ\J\J ness: all kinds: bugsry. wagon, carts, surrey
& rockaway. 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
"1 p./\ SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAK-
X*J\J ness, all kinds: wagons. boggle surruys.
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission \. j
/GENERAL DELIVERY HORSE AND IOP-^
VX wagon for sale : cheap. 717 Valencia.
}, LECTRIC HORSE-U LIPPING; CALLED FOR
X-i and returned. 540 Valencia; tel. Mission, 2i!7.
2 CARLOADS FINE HORSES, SINGLE OR
double, for ail purposes. 139 Valencia st.
Cfk HEAD DRIVING A.VDWOiIK HOKBKSJ
*J\J weight JOOO to 1700 lbs. HiiJ Hownrrt «t.
WAUO-Xa AND CAKKIAGI.!..
2 HORSES AND WAGON': CHEAP. APPLY
MRS. KLUETSCH, 1765 Fifteenth St., near
Valencia. '.-..■;
MEW AND SECOND-HAND KAKERS', LAUN-
-*-' dry, milk and grocery wagons; also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st
YV AGON TOPS CHEAP AT WELLS, FARGO
»' <fe CO.'S stable. Foiaom, near second st
c-glass landau HACK; ■ N use pri-
«' vatfi 1 year. WALCOM BROS,. "17 Fills at
!JAKi*iSr CLEANJCNOr.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORKS;
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS,
Mar. 38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 25a
CARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
like new. FERGUSON <fc CO., 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH A CO., successors..
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
" poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beatlng Works, 353-57 Tehama st.; teL So. 40.
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEANING CO.. 402
Butter, tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Prop. *
JE. MITCHELL, CARPET-CLEANING CO.,
. 2401 4 th su; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mia. 74.
CARPET-CLEANING, Sc; LAYING, 3c: RUO
,V^ samples free; tel. essie 944. Stratton, 19 Bthst.
KLIN'S -i CARPET- BEATING WORKss."
\J 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 126. -
•JO A YARD AT GREAT WESTERN CARPET-
O cleaning Works. 11 Eighth st .".;-'
ONES <t CO.. MAIN OFFICE 25 AND 27
■ Klghth at. .■■■ Telephone J« asle 1061. ■ .
— — i—^ ™ "^—^™ — — "^^ —^»— a
 ATTOK>EYS-AT-tAW. ~J
DvTcK~^REE^SIVOBJCK^^\^rA^VT^4r
ally; private; no charge unless successful- ail
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds etc. at-
tended to. O. Nv. HOWE, ati'y-at-law. 850 Market
RW. KING, CHRONICLE BLDG; CONSUL-
. tatlon free; probate; all cases: fees low.
INGORE <& MALCOLM,- ATTORNEYS AT
law. ' room 431 Parrott building (Emporium).
A DVICKFREE; NO CHARGE. UNLESS SUO»
I XX ceasluLW.W. DAVIDSON. Market at.rrsrNKss chaxces.
"Q^7^ft COAL A s cTwood~y ardT^also
>? In - hay and grain; doing fine business-
location the finest for any one wanting a business
of this kind: It will pay you to investigate this
place. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. fcateltllB
•r CftoO FART NEK ELEGANT BUSINESS
r iSVO\J. office; only object in taking partneris
to have service* of interested party; it will In-
lerent you. T. LCBKLsKI. 7 City Hall aye.
GROCEKY AND BAB, OR WILL
qpOU«'V, take partner: fine corner stand- lone
lease and cheap rent; taking in $100 per day ca li-
the finest business 0/ its kind I liKVe ever offered
for sale. T. LUBhL&KI, 7 City Hall ay" ogered
Q-V^fWl PARTNER IN BEST Fst a
■ b-OUU. n.hed medical disrensTry in Camo?.
ma: a rare chance for an energetic m.an: business
has been established for years and clears front
- $400 to $600 monthly, and can te advanced tS
- Bk";7C™, HaV.ve fiae investmenu *>****&
■ 10()0fh A AINS IOR SALE oK tX "
IS SSg^Sa ::::::;SJS from $100 to $4000
IB coffee- aloons Prices from $2 to to ?1000
"siaioonl -•;£ r!ceB from «»»«> 'O »800
Sdru^wr^; ..Prices from $860 to $250J
16 chfartsorV,' P J.^ eS fr ° m S2oo ° l 0
K.tifi^ tS ."* Prices from $200 to $1200
. tv c ui!.CKfc.K, IQ2O Market St.. opp. Firth.
$275 i ! AK TNEK WANTED IN uXK OF
V" ,„ .Vl lS, n lc « st a J' d equipped butcher-
shops In the city; fane horse and waton: splendid
wfll ivera™ «on CUy « ret class famU V trade which
r«wMit^f 2 ° Pc , rday:neertnot be a butcher,
"tfwlr. «o o°^ ? lne business. GEO
M Kn\ ARI . 602 Market s:.
yALOO.NS FROM --- :... .$2OO TO $15,000
- Br« Re h 8l rj" antS ffOm • $100 to $12 000
Branch bakeries from $100 to $1000
btationery and notions from ...$2 0 toslsoo
stf"tJ°^ eBf / om -" »^OO to $2000
au Kinds of business bouzht and sold.
UNDER WOO 1 1 & CO., 765 Market st.
1 s>fiOO ELkSaXI ' office business
'- c \J\J. paying $150 to $200 per month; part
can remain on the business: chance of a lifetime
for energetic man: family troubles cause ofseli-
Ing. R., box 106, Call OlHce.
SSnOO C ° UN LKY HOTEL AN D LIVERY-
iV? o« UU ' Btable - Rt railroad station; ply 8
-500 a year profit; fine climate for health resort.
H. M. WOQLLKY. 532 Market St. e "" nre .a°«.
FOR SALE-BAKER A GENUINE BAR-
gain ;in f"ood location : fine chance for man with
small capital: good reasons for selling; investigate
this. Address F. S., pox 64 (nil Office. Ka " s * Le
\\-ANTED-PABTY TO FURNISH MONEY
'» for a .railing expedition by a good medium
dres °J ln w ral psy hometrist - For particulars »d-
I. OALOON. AND FIX I USES OF THK LATE
0 Robert Lewellyn. 62 Clay 6 t., for sale at a sac-
v rifice: near Oakland ferry.
I "OR SALE— CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
.6 years' lease to run; doing good business- rea-
son for selling, owner going East. . 4JO Jersey st.
ARE OPPORTUNITY TO BUY HALF Inl
YeV c i est oi«r> established coal business: fur-
nished; $3500. Address a. D.. box 164. c"l.
BA XK K RY,. HOUSE AND LOT: GOOD-PA Y-
xj Ing.business; account of sale, going East, In-
quire Call Cilice.
RANCH BAKERY, WITH FURNITURE OF
J' S rooms; must sell; leaving city. 1243 Mis-
sion st.
BEST CHANCE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
wagdn-maker to buy business la country town
Address W. box 62, Call Office, '
/ vaNi>Y-STORE, ICECEKAM PARLOR AND
. \J factory for sale reasonable; established eight
years: rent 830. Add.ess C. S.. box 119, call.
KESTaURANT JPOU SALE. 411 O'FAR-
re!l st.
10 nO/l BUYS A WELL-E,TABLI>HRD
0 1 \J. \J\.t\J mercantile business: paying $600
a month net profit: only principals noticed. V .
box 143, this office.
£.v> ( l|k Managing partner in light
—''V. manufacturing business: $1000 clear
Bret year In signL 215 sansome. room 12.
I"" VENTORS DE-IKING TO SECURE OR
X sell patents or inventions, call at Hall of lnr
Mentions, 215 !?ansoma st., room 12
: BRANCH BAKKRY: GOOD LOCATION: NO
X* competition; flue living-rooms. it, box 24.
fall Office."
ESTAU RANT-OFFER WANTED: OOOD
. ; location^ Inquire at 931 1/3 Mission st.
IJAYING CiGAR^STOREr^VERY CHEAP;
• - must sell; other business. 25 Stockton st.
RUGSTORE — HAVING OPENED A NEW
pharmacy at 642 Haight st. would sell my old
drugstore at 1600 Howard st- lor particulars
app y to I. Dr SOLA & CO., prescription phar-
macy. 542 Haight, st. ■
<£?"! Xfk WILL BUY A NEW STYLE CREAM
nPXOV/ waffle bakery business, the only one of
the kind In the United States: come see what it
is; it will surprise you. 701 Larkiu St., trom 11
a. m. till Ur.M. . . ■-■■-■■',
ANTED— PARTNER WITH *40.000 IN A I
-•' grocery and liquor home established since
1863. Address A. V., box 39. Call Office. ;
T3ESTACRANT: SELL ON ACCOUNT
XV of other business: living-rooms; ciieap rent;
.. good location: present owner 5 years. Address J.
.P.. box 41. this office.
PART.NKU WANTED in A GOOU PAVING
X business. 722 Howard su
"I? OK SALE— A GOOD PAYING SALOON. IN-
X I quire 439 Pine st. .
TATiONKKY AND CIGAR STORE: KENT
10. 2*10% Mission st , near Eighteenth.
Ir<Oß SALE— A FIP.ST-CLAbS SALOON. (.ALL
at 114O'Karrell st.
1 1 OOD CHANCE iOU RESTAURANT, WITH
'J 3 living-rooms: near factories: owner leaving
this city: cheap; 110 humbug. 2213 Powell St.,
near Bay. ' .
ARE OPPORTUNITY To PURCHASE;
old-established furniture, carpet and under-
taking business; clears over $3000 a year; slock
fIO.OOO. GEO. L. BIKKMAIEB, Wells-Fargo
EXDress building.
Ir>Oß BALE— OLD-ESTABLISHED POULTRY
and produce stand in one of the best markets
In the State; owner going away. Apply 916
Washington st., Oakland. '
fijiyjnrwk business, Portland, ok.;
ttptlUV/U. paying $176 per month: good chance
to increase, Inquire C. E. NAYLOJi, room 8,
floor 8, Mills building.
I EADING AUK ANT In LEADING
XJ seas de resort of Pacific Coast: owner retiring
from business. Address b., box 138, Call office.
"OLACKSMITH* BUSINESS FOR. BALE;
X) cheap rent: tools furnished. Call on or address
T. V. MaHONEY. 358 Pacific aye., Santa Cruz.
09C HAVES— STATIONERY AND HAIR-
; *J£.O dressing business, paying 875 per month;
living- rooms connected: rent reasonable.
"T, OK SALE -$4000, LEADING JEWELRY-
I 1 store; established 4 years. For particulars ad
dress P. O. box 176, Petalnma, CaL '
"VTKWdPAKKK Kul'TK LN INTERIOR CITY.
J' close to San Fmaciscu I'or particulars appiy
this office. . . ■■ ;. .. .
("^IGAB-STORE: 2 LIVING-ROOMS; RENT
J «14; sickness- 1127 Mission st.
1 RANCH BAKKRY, CANDY, LAUNDRY
J - Office, a living-rooms: bargain. 1161 Mission.
' C;QA CIGAK-STORE; 3 LIVING-ROOMS;
i&VV. rent $10. 225^4 Eighth st.
KOUIK FOR SALE ACROSS THE BAY. Lv"
qulrf m fall "Hi- ■. ■
LODGING-HOUSES ITOK SALE.
V^fJ^A^G^lfisT^rwT : O^is6^oTcA^H~Oß
lull payments.
28-room corner house $1000
1 -12 rooms: fine sunny corner. 400
60 rooms, clearing $.00; inpayments 2500
1.8-room house; rooms all rented..... ■ €00
8 rooms: near City Hal.: i.ew... 250
6-room flat; Geary and Jones. l; 00
14 rooms on Folsom St., near Third-. ....... 350
SO-room house, clearing $500 4000
66-"room corner house, new furniture 3000
20 rooms, on 4th s:., Clearing $80, only 400
B.» rooms on Market s-., offer wanted. 850
'12 rooms, central, good furniture .;... 250
H. C DECKER, 1020 Market opp. Fifth.
LA 1 OF 6 800M5.,....,........'..... $175
> 23 rooms fine cor..er, new. .-....51200
25 rooms. Market st '........ :..; '...$6OO
60 rooms, tine furniture, payments 9-''JOO
11- rooms, newly furnished, low rent..: $600
84 raoms, bay-window, new............;..: $2.00
UNDERWOOD <t CO.. 765 Market at.
99A SEVENTH — l'.'-KOUM HOUSE AND
Zi£\J furniture for sale; rent $39.
CJV/fin BUYS 13 BOOMS; HOUSE FULL;
Q£ U>' c'earlng $35 mo. . l<-.- r. Ap.KJI Hi>»-»
jb'UßXiruiiis iOK bAL£.
piA'i' aTOP IT.
People always flock to where they can do the
best. Follow the majority and you'll not be . far
wrong. .
Remember, we sell for cash or on easy time
payments.
Wicker Chairs and Rockers from $3 00 up
Enamel Bureaus 7 60 up
Enamel Iron Beds 7 60 up
Fancy Rockers.... 3 25 up
Heat Stoves, all kind 5...........:...... 400 op
Cooking Ranges and Stoves... 7 00 up
Carpets, Linoleums. Mattings. ;■
Largest store, largest stock, lowest prices. .
-  . J. NOON AN,"
1017. 1019, 1021 and 4023 Mission st. and 516, ■
618, 620 and 622 Minna at., above Sixth, v
Open evenings. " ■'...- < ; < •-":
Telephone Jessie 41. > ' ■
AUCTION HOUSE, 827 .M ISSION ST.— ASH
chamber suits. $13 50: folding-beds. $10.
CIHAS. M. PLUM A CO UPHOLSTERY. CO.
I 1301 MARKET BT., COR. NINTH.
Carpets. "Furniture and Upholstery Goods.
AC\[\ CARPKTS; CHAMBER «K'l'«, $14:
ri\J\J stoven,' ss: parlor eet«, «20; foldins-beds.
. jlO; bar outfits. T. D. Met: vRTHY. 764 Mlsslon.r
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. ; FOR
*- lowest prices on household 117 SIXTH, FOR
*V lowest prices on household goods; new or good
f-i new : cas lor on time: open evenings. ■ * : '
' X ING FUKNITUBECO.,II27-29-31 MARKET,
Jix furnish 4 rooms, 818 to 50 ; best bargains in
■jjuokinuham FI'RNITUKE CO. — lowest.
■xj prices; furniture, carpets;, ail grades. 866 Ml*
sion st. r^MStS3feriofefiSoSSteM9BUtiHtt3B^ttBßßM
XpUKNITL'KE, STOVES. CARI'ETH, COUN- ;
*. . ten. Bhowcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market su
HOrSES TO : LET. '-'.'■ .• V
Q9l TE^<T^[^4~TLABGEr "."sUNSY BOOMS;
*J*-'X. yard and basement.' rent low. .
MICE HOUSE: 6 ROOMS, BATH; CHEAP.
■t-^ 429 Thirteenth, bet. Valencia and Guerrero. >
<>U£ES ALL OVER THE Cl'l V TO = LET
and for sale. PA'I'TK nSQN A CO., i Valencia.
SON NY 6 ROOM HOUSE;. RENT REASON-
abIe to good tenant. . 1514 Broadway, near Van
N ess aye. ';■---.: '■-. '■':-■. ~; .;•'-. ■ . ■-■.-.■-.
90 WHOLE HOUSE: 6 BOOMS, BATH.
*iP+*V' VBl4 Laguna s:.. near Union. :
O-STORY. 6 ROOMS; BATH. PANTRY, BASE-
A meat; larse yard. 730 Capp St., near Twenty-
third. - .
C AHEAP KENT; 4 ROOMS; FINE BASE-
i ment; yard, etc.; 721 Fourteenth st , nr. Mar-
ket (In rear).*. BALDWIN <fc HAiIMoND, 10
Montgomery st. '- • ■' -■ - -
9Q OAK, NEAR MARKET— I 2 ROOMS, 3
— •' floors, each separate for housekeeping; newly
papered;; painted: sanitary plumbing: fine loca-
tion forrentlng rooms: cheap rent; go and gee It.
OUSfc.* rTO Kb NT FOX VEKY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN «it HAMMOND'S. 10
Montromerv M ' - '. ' -
COTTAGES TO LET. ; ,''.
O(\ NICE CLKTN~COTT^GE^TFROai fI2~TO
Uv/ $20. SPECK & P., 602 Market st.
IfIVE SUNNY BOOMS. BATH, BASEMENT,
yard, stable. 107 Gtrmania, near Fillmore
St.; cheap. •
"VTEWLY RENOVATED COTTAGE; 6 BOOMS,
■!-> bath: »18. 1705 Ellis St., near Stelner.
MAKE YOUB BRHT PAY FOR A NEW COT-
tage in the Mission: 4 looms, bath, wood man-
tel: $100 cash, balance month. K. M. LONG,
3207 Twenty-second gt. •■ office open evenings.
COTTAUK 1 10 US US WANTED.
11' AN TE D^C^T^AliE^SP^^iT^KO^rMS:
"» north side; with grounds and stable, pre-
ferred: rent reasonable. Address W. C, box 71,
Call Office.
JbLATS XO.LET. .
Q NEW MODERN 4-KOCM SUNN Y
«3510. O\J. flat. 2974 Twenty-third, near Har-
rison. . • -
9-)t\ GREENWICH- UPPER FLAT: NEWLY
— <-* renovated; 6 rooms, bath; rent cheap.
WO LOVELY FLATS: 4 AND 6 ROOMS;
X bath and eas; fine yard; $12 and $14; water
free. 39i8-39i0 Nineteenth su, near JN'oe; cheap-
est fiats in the city. '
ODEKN, CHOICE, 6 SUNNY ROOMS, $25;
also 4 rooms. $14. Key 1706 Hyde st. .
SUN Y~FLAT 8 ROOMS: 100 FEET FROM
Sixth st. Apply 958 Mission st.
OUNNY FLAT 6RUOMB.BATH, STATION-
-0 ary tubs, yard and shed. 537 Howard st.
POTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS AND BSITH; WASH.
V/ tubs: large yard. 2303 Polk su ■
rpWO SUNNY FLATS, 3 AND 5 ROOMS,
X bath: reasonable. 2 and 6 Zoe St., cor. Bryanu
LEGANT MODERN BAY-WINDOW six
rooms; bath; $20. 735 Minna su, nr. Ninth.
1618 POST— UPPER FLAT to BOOMS AND 1
JUID bath.
Uni FILLMORK ST.— BUNNY COKNJb.B; 6
I 3 rooms and bath: rent reasonable.
C COMFORTABLE UPPER FLAT; 4 ROOMS;
\J bath: 627 Ivy aye. Inquire 624 Hayes st.
SUNNY FLATS, 3 .AND 5 ROOMS; BATH;
reasonable. 2 and 6 Zoe St., cor, of Bryanu
WANTED AT ONCE-GOOD TENANTS TO
'» rent at reduced rents. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st.
MODERN FLATS, 6 AND 6 ROOMS, $8 TO
$16; see them. 523 a Seventh st. - .
L_ IS KJi.vT fun. VKKY LITTLK
X I money at BALDWIN en HAMMOND'S, 10
Aionlgoruery si.
* >VEjiK : S NEWS . FOR 6 CENTS—
-V WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
IiOLSJiKIiKPING KOOMS.
■ Hush Street. "^~ ww ~^~~~^
/-'9 l BUSH — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
\J^.L housekeeping, or board if desired.
Devisadero Street.
OF:>7 DEVISA HERO-L A SUNNY COR-
»JO I ncr housekeeping rooms, furnished or un-
furnished; very desirable; reasonable.
• i.K'my Street.
THE LEXINGTON^ 212 EDDY — NEWLY
furnished housekeeping rooms; also single and
suites '
(11 n EDDY— LARGE. NICELY FUKNISHED
OX I sunny light housekeeping room; splendid
view. . . .
tills Street.
099 ELLIS (PALMETTO) — Er.EOAN.XXY
\j£l£i furnished housekeeping rooms an others.
iiuunrrt street;
fZ-9 O HOWARD— NICE FURNISHED ROOMS,
"J'J kitchen attached and cooking utensils fur-
nished. ?6 to $12: single rooms. SI 1 week. ; .
HOWAKD — 1 OK J ROOMS; FUR-
*J£i\) nlshed completely for housekeeping.
_>o HOWARD— NICE FURNISHED BOOM
tO-J for housekeeping: reut $8.
Ivy Avenue.
1 94. IVY AYE. — ~a UNFURNISHED OR
X«-"l furnished rooms for light housekeeping.
Xvearny Street.
T7" EARNY, NB. SUTTER— S ROOMS OR LESS;
XV gas and water free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
Laikm Street.
/<9Q LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
jt—O front and back parlors for housekeeping;
also sincie rooms. ' "
C nf) LARKIN, COR. OF FURNISHED
O\J\J rooms for housekeeping and other rooms.
Mason street. . - -
OOf* MASON— FURNISHED SUNNY
O£.\J housekeeping rooms, with all modern con-
veniences.
J.cA:lmer btreet.
y(99 MCALLISTER— 2 OR 3 SUNNY ROOMS
ti — for housekeeping.
A£>A MINNA— i • JOINING KOOMS FUR-
"♦Jtni3hed for housekeeping; separate en-
trance; cheap. '
'j-.wloii Bl lea..
QQQ MISSION— COMPLETELY FUR-
CUO nished housekeeping rooms. .'
19- 1 MISSION, COR. OF NINTH— 2 COR-
XZ.«JX ncr housekeeping rooms: furnlsoed.
1 17 A 7 MISSION— SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
X I tt I rooms: $10, $12 and $15.
•Natonia Street.
C« N ATOM A— TWO . SUITES OF HOUSE-
-000 keeping rooms,' with yard; rent $10.
..-. Oclavia Street.
•I A(\O OCTAVIA, NEB GEARY—
1 I 'JO window, ' kit. hen; other ; rooms; gas
stoves: $7 up. - ..;•'-'.; '
.Fine Street.
£f\f\ J?rXE-2;*NICE SUNNY BOOMS FOR
UUU light housekeeping.
teiemn Street.
p IRARD HOUSE, 142 SEVENTH—
VX and kitchens: also single rooms.
Silver Street.
I f)Q SILVER-3 UNFURNISHED BUNNY
X\JO front rooms: large kitchen. ' .
"1 f*?L SILVER ST., NEAR FOURTH— TWO
X \J'J furnished, sunny rooms 1 , for housekeeping.
v bcuth Park.. >;
I Q SOUTH PARK-SUNNY FRONT PARLOR;
Xt/ light housekeeping; 2 rooms furnished neat.
/■ • T butter Street.
'lOnI On SUTTER, NEAR JONEB— NICELY FUR-
I OZi nlshed housekeeping rins-. rent cheap; bath,
. liuirci M run.. > :
"I r^Ol THIHD-NICE SUNNY BOOMS; FUR-
XOO2 nlshea for housekeeping; also single;
cheap. •
Twenty-fifth. Street.
A~l f\n TWENTY-FIFTH, FEW DOORS EAST
rxX.O-£i of Castro— 2 sunny unfurnished rooms,
suitable for llsht housekeeping; bath and laundry;
ladles only: rent $6. . ' ■
: >* elsh Street.
-I 191 WKLBH 8T- OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 3
1 1 —•*, nicely furnished - rooms, . housekeeping,
cheap. . ■ - -- •
Webster Street.
ri] WEBSTER— SUITE OF PARLOB3 FOR
( 1 1 housekeeping purposes. :
ROOMS TO LEX.
l>usli Mreu,.
CAQ BTTSH— NEWLY FURMSHEn ROOMS
Out/ for young men; $4. $6 and $8: entirely .
respectable./ -■' -■','■ ■'■■.'/* - ::■ ,-■••■
bush — fUKNISHED front bay-
lal window 1 room, first floor; suites, single,'
housekeeping. .;".;.: ■•--,■' ■'_ -.. • :,.,"
(in/. BUSH— SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
»'— '} rooms; bath: - running water; rent : reason-
able. 1 .::, ■:"'!-.";_••';■; '■"'■:'■ -X ' \, -'-.-_ •-..-. :-
rFHR JtAMOTfA, 180 > ELLIS: MR*. JCATBI.
X HART, manager— A quiet ' house: > centrally, lo-
rated; newly furnished; elevator: hot <t cold wa^er. •
- «
: ;i-^i;iith'^tr«i»..
•I (\l . ErGHTH— FOB BENT. 2 ,', FTTRNIBHED
x\)'i rooms for light housekeeping.. ■■-t\ J
SHERMAN APABTMKNT HOL'SE. i.'B BTH
St., near arket: .furnished and unfurnished.
Q9I i-.IGHTH — NEATLY, FDBNIBII B I)
D— front room for lor 2 gents; gas and bath.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20. 1896.
■■ inn ,cc..
OO PL FIFTH-CLEAN, FURNISHED HOUSE-
O— O keeping: 2, $10; 3, $13; single. $5.
.'; Geary. Street.
40'^ GEARY (THE NAVARRE)-FURNISH-
-I\JU ed rooms: board optional; folding-bed. . :/
'SI t> 2 ARY-ELEGANT SUNNY PARLOR
*- / - Lt floor; doctor or dressmaker; other rooms.
Vf ARTINETTI, 1101 GEARY, SW. COR. VAN
Xix Ness— Suites aud singles; newly furnished.
• . liuiutjuuam'. dVtuuu.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE-VERY NIC R SUNNY
— J X O single and double rooms, from >5 up; quiet.
Haight Street. ,
Of* HAIGHT— DOUBLE FURNISHED AND
*■" single rooms: bath, gas: private family.-
Hickory Avenue.
"I 9O HICKORY AYE.— BOOMS, HALL AND
X DO yard. .-. y
tiougrd Street,.
1 1 30 HOWARD — 3 NEWLY FURNISHED
XX OW housekeeping rooms; also 8; no children.
i rj-i ' Howard, NKAR thirteenth—
1 • X O Nicely furnished sunny rooms; gas and
bath; cheap. . • .
i-ytio Street. ■
t\C\(\ HYDE— 2 NEATLY FURNISHED BUN-
*JyJ\J ny front rooms for 2 young men. -
uoiiea Mro» . :
907 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
— V 1 management; elegant sunny suites and
Single: newly furnished; bah, etc.; $10 to sBo.
- «.~rur stron.. .
. A BLINOTON BOUSE, 127 KKARST —
+ » Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
(iras in every respect: terms reasonable. - ■ -^
Juui-kin Mreti. ;
Q(\A LARKIN — PLEASANT SUNNY FUR-
OUtt: nlshed room, 1 or 2, $6: single, $6.
"VOSEMITTS HOUSE, .10*5 MARKET — PER
1 night. Sso to $1: week. $1 CO to $5: famUtHs.
McLean Court.
nIMoLEA COURT, OFF NINTH, NEAR
2 Bryant — Nice sunny front room; bath; pri-
vate family. •-■:.: ,
. . jilUiiH >tro«i.
QOO MINNA— BOOMS WITH GRATES, FUR-
— i- nished. .
.\.i-t-.ini >ireo..
■I 999 MISSION — SINGLE FRONT BOOM;
J ___ sunny. • ■ -.
I'olJi street.
"1 Qrtr POLK — FURNISHED PARLOR
I^-Vi) suite; suite or single; unfurnished room
with kitchen, cheap.
Post Street.
£99 POST-ELEGANTLY FURIBHED HUN-
I-__ ny suites, $20; single, $8: bath; hot and
cold water. ■ -..«■-
-rio POST— FURNISHED OR UNFUBNISH-
I J. O ed rooms; suitable for offices.
Ql -IB POoT— SUNNY PARLOR SUITE;
VL • ) newly furnished; modern flat; board op-
tional.
Lowell Street.
1 Q POWELL— NEWLY 1 FURNISHED SUNNY
J. O rooms, suites or single: cheap. '
99- POWELL, CORNER GEARY— SUNNY,
_—»J single basement room: nicely furnished, 96.
hecond t»treat.
lit SECOND — Nil E, CLEAN, SUNN V
lli' rooms. $1; unfurnished basement rooms. -
OQ, SECOND— FURNISHKD KOOMS, 10c,
■^■O I 15c, 25c per night; 65c to $1 50 weekly.
Milli S.roec.
OO SIXTH— ELEGANT BOOMS: NEW FIRE-
-00 proof building; all conveniences: quiet.
"piEUMuN.," COR. SIXTH AND MINNA—
X Nicely furnished sny rms: mod. conveniences.
. «...er -ire«»..
7flQ BUTTER (SAN REMI) — ELEGANT
1 \JO newly furnished rooms, suite or single.
Turn streei. .
Oin TURK — SUNNY FRONT DOUBLE
OIU room, $12; side room, $8; bath.
140 TURK— SUNNY KOOM; FOLDING BED,
OiO grate, gas, bath, $30; single. 86. '
\ *»v .>»•-!. Avenue. -
"1 1 "I C VAN NESS AYE .— HANDSOMELY
■111 furnished sunny rooms. ' -
BO AKJU JLM IU ANO ItOO-U.S.
«> 1 — bay-wlnaow suites; single;- board; refer-
ence-. '..-.-■- " ..
79c PINK (KE.NOVA): ELEGANT APART-
I —<J ments, furnished or unfurnished, with su-
perior board; travelers solicited; references.
1 Mil BUsH (BACHELOR'S HALL); ROOMS
X \J I with or without board; first-class South-
ern cooking. • •
1 t\*H) CALIFORNIA— PLEASANT NEWLY
X*J~\J furnished rooms with board; reasonable.
QAOTaH NESS— NEWLY FURNISHED bUN.
OV/Cj ny rooms: good board; reasonable.
OTKLBERTUNG, 714 BUSH ST.— A FAM-
Uy hotel; references given and required: all
modern conveniences. . -
BHIIiWKWrf BOAKDEO.
."^HILD TO BOARD: TERMS REASONABLE.
V^ 110 Austin St.. off Polk, near Pine.
SToxtJis i«» JLKT.
J^
0 at 1232 Folsom St.
T LOW BENT— PART OF STORE AND
ha nrnt. 324 Pob-. St.
omvu TO let.
ELEGANT MODERN FUKNISHEU OFFICE
XJ to rent; fine -wareroom In connection; ground
floor: cheap to right party; suitable any kind of
office business. X.. box 15. Call office.
7^l BUTTER — PHYSICIAN'S O r'FICE ;
• KfX handsomely furnl«hed parlors, with room
adjoining ndapted for operating.
10'• 7 UTTER — FURNISHED PARLOR
Xv 7 I floor, suitable for doctor or dentist; also
a furnished room, with or without board. ;
OFFICES FOR DOCTORS OR DENTISTS:
very elegantly furnished offlces:one entire floor;
offices en sul.e. 901 Sutter st., cor. Leavenworth..
. —b-mcAx..
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from and diseases peculiar to their sex:
latest Improved method of treatment ; never
falls: perfectly harmless: free from any -bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well; travelers helped immediately; prices to suit
the times: home in confinement. DR. & MRS.
Da VIES. 14 McAllister su. next Hibernla Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pills, $2;
hours from 9 a. it. ;o 6 p. it. and 7 to 9 p.m.
PROCESS THAT NEVER : FAIL* TO RE-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable: first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DX. DALEY, 1126
Market St., over the Owl Drug Store. . '
R. FOULKT'S FRENCH CAPSULES. A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female Irregu-
larities (no matter what cause); positively sate*
and sure: no danger or after effects; taken in tlm-s
it also acts as a preventive; price $1 50 per box;
sent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLER
BROTHERS, 33 Grant aye., ban r ranclsco. —
A NEW PROCESS-NO M e 7 1 N.STRU-
XI. ment or worthless pills used; evtry woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day; can
be sent and used at home; a.l cases guaranteed
DR. POPPEKand .MRB.DKS. NAIL, 318 Kearny.
RS. GOODWIN, SPKCIALIsT: LADIES,
near or far, safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: ■ home for -patients- best
skill; free diagnosis; low tees; self cure. 904 Mc-
Allister st. . - . ■ ■ ■ ■
SURE CURb FOR ALL FkMALE DlS-
eases, from whatever cause; home In confine-
men:; every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYER, 226 Turk at.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT Dli. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market st. his 30 years'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satlsfac orily by mall. ,
LPKAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOnN TO
ladles troubled with irregularities; no danger:
safe and sure; f2 60 express c. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BHOS.. Oakland, Cal.
VI ETROPOLITAN DISPENSARY. 1073^
lil Market st. ; 20 years' experience In nervous
aad sexual diseases; both sexes; consultation free.
C» Tit \f\VA ID FOR A CASE I AILTO CURE OF
ijO\.) \J female complaints or diseases of the eye*
consultation free. MRS. DR. SCOTT, 013 Jones bu
OME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Klghth St., Alameda,
1 8 IRREGULAR OU ANY FK.MALK UI^EASB
see MKs.DK. i'UETZ and be content. 1:541/8 4th.
R. HALL, 14 McALLiSTER.sTBEET. NKAR
.-Jones..- Diseases of. women and children. . -'
RS. DKS. : DONOVAN, 1306 * FOLSOM ST. ;
ii : confinement: : terms reasonable. r.- : • '
A- WEEK'S NEWS FOB -'6' CENTS — THB
tX. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for dialling. .
n;OFK!j^lO>'Ali t'AKUS.
JOHN K. KICH ARDS, LA OFFICES. ROOMS
J 26 and 27, Crocker - buUaiiis; • HMepaoue Maw
ib, Kan Francisco, CaL '";?-.'.■• '.''-, ..V ■ ' ;
JOHN K. AJTKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHEK.
auvs a. law, run 515.516. 6 b rioor. Harroit
": .',-' I; * I'htVSlClA-NS. , : ' - 7 i ':
: - J C^3'DONN ELL.'l£O6 MA RKET, COR'
Uoldea Gate aye- ; dlseustss oi women a epedalty.
'■ '•■■-• '?■'■■- .' PFTTSOXAt-*. '■ -'i* --.'■- "'■ ' - '■'■
W' INEGROWEit] IX. NEED OF MOKE y'
.will »r»ll stock of claret, old, exce lent quality,
30c per gal on. original price 60c, In 50-ga.lou lots.
Address Wine, box 81, Call »-ffl:e. , .■:... .
INFO MATION Of PATRICK DOLAX. HAR-
J- ness-maker. who left St. Lous 32 years ago.
He will hear from his sister by calling at 748
Howard si , H. F., i al. . '-.';■•• . '■: . .
OHEUMATISM Positively Cured:
XV - ALSO NEURALGIA,
all nervous diseases, chronic ■ catarrh . and ' dys-
pepsia;., patients treated successfully ;by , mail;
Mil II expense : write for particulars; sunny rooms
and board: if desired. UK. SMITH'S Hy. ienic
Sanitarium. 1518 Buchanan St.; free consult*- ion.
DVICK J-REE; DIVORCE .LAWS A J.PB-
cialty, private; no charge omega successful: all
law suits, claims, collection*, wills, deeds, etc. at-
. tended to. U. W.HOWK, atty-at-1aw, «50 Markets
TT'LJEGANT MASQUERADE COSTUMES, AX-
XU DKRSOX'S. lal Stockton St.; country orders.
ME. COSTK TRKATS CORNS AND BUN-
ions: finger-nails beautified. .122 O'FarrelL • ,
UIT» CLKANED. I'Kh.sStU, $1; KKt'AIKS
dyeing done, iitf Montgomery, r. 14: tel.red 'J374.
OOMS PAPKRED, $2 60: WHITENED, -.SI;-
-stains or blemishes removed; painting by day
or contract; decorative work at lowest figures.
1200 Webster St., telephone Steiner 235. ■
T>ETURNDD— MMK. ROLAND, TEACHER OF
±\i French language. 705 Market St., room 15.
T KGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
Ju out publicity ; advice tree and confidential.
J. G. JEFFREYS, 632 Market St., room 23.
T> AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER, FOR SALE;
■11 also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres: deal-
er In carpet twine In bank or chain at lowest rates,
GKO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland. Cal. ..
L'RKK TEST 81--F* RK PA ING. MME.
JACKENETT, . clairvoyant and reader,
6Uy 2 Jones st. ' , . : . -.
I PROMISE TO DO GOOD HAIRDKESSING,
any style, tor 25c: come and see how I 1 keep
my promise-;: my $1 switch goes for 81 60 else-
where: "Uuinoula" Hair Tonic 35c; gray ' and
bleached hair restored to its natural color with a
perfectly harmless preparation. U. LEDERER,
111 Stockton st, '. ■ -
IVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage; terms of payment obliging; legal every-
where. Address loc* box F., 9u6 Market St., &F.
l nnn CARDS, $1 60. SHOW CARDS, ktc.
lUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22% Geary st.
GO TO 609 THIRD: CHEAP PAINTING,
papering, whitening and plastering: estimates
given for all kinds of work. A. HOFFMAN.;
ffijl A DOZEN— FINE ~ CABINETS AT WIL-
VP 1 SON'S Gallery. 10^8 Market. .
Q\JFERFLUOU-» HAIR PERMANENTLY RE-
-0 moved by electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH.
2116 Bush, below Fill more; hrs, 2 to 3. ex. Th & Sa.
i"~?ITS, SCIATICA, CATARRH. DIsEA ES OF
J women. DR. SPI'I ZY. *13y 3 Kearny. 1 to 4 p.m.
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET— BASE-
-Lt ment: fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
1 THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDIC
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029^ Market at.
bet. sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, CaL '
PECIAL SALE LADIES' CLOAKS AND
suits— Ladies' jackets. $'J 50 up; capes »1 50
up; suits f 8 up. M. BARRY, rooms . 44, 45, 46,
14 McAllister st. . ':
\\ AGXISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
XtJ. chine; uses the kinetoicope films; price $-60.
BACIGALUPI. 846 Market st. :
AKTI.NGTO.N'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
Classes; instructors, J. H. K. Partington, Gertrude
Partlngton. R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pins. ,
ATCHES, DIAMONDS, JEWELRY OF ALL
kinds at reduced prices; must move; building
to be torn down. 6 and 7 Third st.
UPTURE AND PILES CURED; NO PAY
until cured: send for book. DRS. MANS.
FIELD A PORTERFIELD. 838 Market st.
LOAKS, FURS AN 1> SUITS RETAILED AT
/ wholesale prices. Factory, 20 Sansome st.
URXKTI's CORN CURE— SURE CURE FOR
corns, bunions, warts; 26c. 327 Montgomery.
A LL FACIAL BLEMIbUKS, SUPERFLUOUS
IX. hair, mole*, freckle^ sc»rs, etc.. removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co.. 226 Turn, nr. Leavenwonn.
BIG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW EVB-
IT night cor. Market and Sixth st*. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living ligbt; promoters of but*
Less. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third St.. near MarkM
I.DO rooms, 260 to fl 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
weeK ; free bus and baggage to and from tne terry.
IBKIIAL ADVASCtS ON UIAMO.NIJa, JiiVV-
-I Wry. ftct lowes: r»t«v 't)4M Market m
OLD GOLD. SILVER. GENTS AND LADIE*
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 Ba. cor. J »*<!«.
UtUfiIMiMAJOCttS.
SUITS MADE FKOM $3 UP; SKIRTS, 75c;
. capes, $1: fl guaranteed. ' 659 Stevenson at.
DRESSES, fa. UP: WRAPPERS. 60c UP";
lawn. >1 op. 5055,j Xntoma St.. above Sixth.
EDUCATIONAL.
E ALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,' 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languuKes, English branches,
electrical engineering; i.O teachers; 16,000 gradu-
ates: day and evening sessions; catalogue. •
YRES\ . THE LEADING COLLEGE. 325
Montgomery st.: individual lnuructloa -in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.;
Hie scholarship 950; low rates per week and mo.
"OICE, PHYSICAL CULTURE AND ELO-
' ion; latest and best methods. MRS. CAL-
HOUN, 3915 California st.
NGINEERING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC.,
civil, mining, survey, assay, archlt.. X ray
taught ;es. 1864- A. VAN PER XAILL; Mkt
L) OOKKEEPINU THOROUGHLY IN 6 WEEKS
iJ or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
TARR, room 672, Parrott Emporium building.
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
college, 723 Market st : expenses less anil
scholarship better than elsewhere: day and night.
. ELABCO'c LYCEUM bCUOuL OF ACTING—
I • Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsal
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block. 7th and Mfcs
OOKKPNG. WRITNG, ARITUMTC. GRAMR,
day & night; noclaiaet; $5 month. 845 Mission.
"]VIGHTSCHOOL:HKALD'.-*BUS.COLLEGE:24
Xi Post ;commercial, shorthand, English rates.
ROF. LOUIS MERKI; VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet: reasonable. 225 Geary.nr. Powell.
GUITAR, MANDOLIN, PiANO AND VOCAL
VJ" lessons, $3 ma Mary Westhans. 39 Fifth.
SINGING; PIANO: . PARIS . GRADUATE;
French, German languages :>2 mo. 109Taylor,r7.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — Ti±H
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
_ _._ _ ''.■ . CI«AIKVUIiA>iTS.
GITaNA, THK GIPSY Ql KKN, 8 TURK ST.;
vJ . truthful predictions; reliable advice; no mat-
ter what troubles you have, coma, and she will
guide you right; satisfaction guaranteed. - •
VI ME. CCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT. TELLS
■'•■I past, present ■ and future; success to all; for-
tunes by mall; low prices. 856 Mission st.
\j ME. HANSEN. IST CARD-READ KB,
■I'-l gives every customer ticket for crazy quilt;
past, present, future, gents, 60c. 148 6th. rm. 5
VI ME. LEONA, CARD-RE AND MAG-
i-'i. netlc healer: parlor 12, 865 Market, 2d floor.
GYPSY, LIFE READER REMOVED TO 3
seventh St., nr. Market; ladies *sc; gents 50a
\V EI.L-KX()WNCLAIRVOYAXT,MISS I-
' ' VILLE. moved irom 1053 Market to 61 Fifth.
A* ME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
■»" business advice; names given; 25c up. .. Fourth
EDNA BURR. JUST RETURNED: MEiiIUM
and card-reader. 131 Taylor, rooms 1 and 2.
MR. PEARL.MAGNETIC HEALER: EGYP-
I'i. tlan cards: charms. 223 Post St.. room 2.
ME. DAVIS, CARD-KEADER; MAGNETIC
healer; charms. . 12U Post St., room 2.
\f ME. WALTKKS, THE CARD-RE v DER, RE-
XtX turned: ladles, 26c; gents, 60c. :. 951 Mission.
\|ME. LJiGETTE— PRESENT. PAST AND
■"* fntnre; 26c; one price. 311 Tehama St., nr.4th
ME. SYBILLK TELLS FROM CRADLK TO
grave; pictures given Indies 25c: Pl 4 O'Farrell.
bA*ntiruAi.isJa..
MME. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL THANCK medi-
um. returned; life readings, love affairs, busi-
ness Investments, mining speculations a specialty.
838 Mission aU .
t>Oi; MCALLISTER— MRS. C. J. MEYER;
*>±J\J test meetings every night. 10c; Tue., . Fri-,
2 p.m.; business sittings; trance dr. ,25c.Sat.eve. Si
\f RS. MAYO STEER-, 112% OAK; READ-
a»I lnes daily, SI; circles, 25c: Sunday, Tuesday
and Friday, 8 o'clock; ladies' circle, Thurs. 'i p. v ',
RS. DDPREE, GREATEST TRANCE
trumpet medium In " the world. .24 Turk St.,
parlor 12. . : : ; • . . - ;v
M. FRANCIS, ; INDEPENDENT SLATK
. writer. 118 Haightst. : hours 9 until 9p. v.
RS. ELLIS. MEDIUM. SITTINUS.9TOB *1 •
circles Tues., Frl., 2 P. it., 25c. 1824 Market st.
\,RS. SHRIN KB, TRANCE MEDIUM: 81T-
*' tings dally. SI: circle "nn.-eTo. all Van Xe<«.'
•■' ASTROLOGY.
pHIROSf ANCY . TAUGHT SCIENTIFICAL-
\J Iv: readings: letters answered. MRS. WALK-
ER, 629 Post st. i ■■■-..- " ; • •■■ •••■ U^.j
A BTRAL SEER— PROF. : HOLMES, 1 FIFTH
-tV- rooms 12-13: '.horoscopes; qa<-silona: advice.)
-- : L:k : -^LV" Hil'NOllSM. r- : :
HYPNOTISM SCIKN 1 IFU ALLY TAl'GHT-
surcess ■ rtd. H vpnotlcM»-Bmerlnr o'Farrell
;■/.: ';•;■••;;. '• MASSAGE. • ,: ■.-
Ba-bT^BATtmjNV^O^RESs^M^SS^JE
■ and motile- i treatment. 808 Howard st.. f.
v ; - 1 WKlliiKS. :..
REMINGTON, «35 : B.V IThT$6O. BRNO FOR
sarai le work. SCOTT 4 BANN AN", 833
AVK YOU SKEN THE NEW PEERLESS
typewriter anJ notary Duplicator? The stand
at the head. JOHN F. MEYERS & C 0.,947. ,947 Marked
A GENTS -SMITH PREMIER: ALSO RENT
xa. and sell all kinds of typewriters. L. AM. AL-
EXANDEK & CO., 110 Montgomery si., write for
circular." ■ .•■- "• : ;■-•••; = : •-. ■.. .
- - - - -.■"- ■;■>'.: v ;' . ,
CITY REAL ESTATE.
A"^?6TmiATN^3~L^afs?^sTn)OnEA7jHT^O^L
Gaeeand Union sts., Bernal Heights. 2 blocks
from 1 ourtland aye.; no reasonable offer will be
refused. D. W. PHILBRICK, 2548 Folsom St. .
--_______
G? UP.fi EACH. - -■■■•
tjpGcJV/,' TKKMS $5 MONTHLY. t , ;
'•-' All streets graded, sewered and macadam-
ized; near electric roa 1 ; 20 minutes from the
City Hall: no other lots in this city can be
. bought on .'these terms _wlth streetwork
done: if you want to save $5 a mouth,' buy
one of these lots and make. money. • ' '
..; > E. M. LONG. 3207- 228 st.. near Mission;
_■ ;'■■.;■; open evenings after 7 :30 o'clock. _'■■ .-Mr.-;
WANT KiTi-" TO j PURCHASE "ON EASY
terms, new modern 5-room and bath cottage, -
with Htabie attached and driveway, in the Mission
warm belt; price not to exceed $2250. > Address
Home, box 81. Call Office. . :
OUSE 3 : FLATS. :5 ■ ROOMS EACH; "• MOD-
ern Improvement* 314 Bowie aye. ■ .
TUST COMPLETED—
0 ism
Choice modern bay-window rottaee on the NW.
cor. of 22il and Sanchez sts. For term*, etc., apply
of TOBIN <fc McNALLY. 630 Market Bt. 1
'ft . B ? TA - NTIAI> MODE UN HOIS J-.S BUILT;
1T..*,, 276 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
*^ 1 000 ■•^OT'i > A«"K 3 ROOMS IS BEii-
* keley: lot4Oxl«O: fib monthly.
US?/' ~ Corner 100x100; 50 down: $16 monthly.
*-H°~ I>ot 40xl: -' 125 down: $25 monthly.
♦500— Halt acre hill land. $10 monthly
CKAS. A. HAIIKY •■.'() Montgnm^rvV.
•_y Mu.\t;i-.Io.LUA.V.
$800 000 T .° - jAiAS ' 6Vi PER CENT;
*U| '>\J\J.\J\J\J city realty, also Oakland; bank
rates; life Insurance, undivided estates. SHAIN-
ALP. BUCKBEE & CO., 218 Montgomery st.
A DVA.NCES UN' DIAMONIiS. WATCHES,
•". Jewelry; also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval-: lowest . rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STOKE, 948 Market St.; open evenings.
NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D;OB 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate: furniture and ' pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 8.
LOANS ON REAL ESTATE FIRST OR SEC-
ond mortgages, and < furniture or pianos, any
amount; lowest rates. BKCKEK, 328 Montgomery
ft9o OOft TO LOAX IN BUMS TO SUIT ON
t£s^,V/.WU city real estate. — B. LEVY, 11
.Montgomery st. - . - _ •
<% ft (inn INTRUST AT 6% ON REAL ES-
i£,\JxJ.\J\J\J tate 2d mortgage, on pianos <& furnl-
ture; no attorney's fee. ISAACS, 240Monigomery.
VI ONKY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
l»l other valuables at, the Security Loan Office,
llC6Marketst..nr.Mason:prlvate entrance 7 Turk.
DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
no removal; no delays: no commissions: low
interest. Rm. 68. Donohu-- b dg. 1170 Market 8L
\ LWAYS ON. TOP FOR LIBEKAL AD-
vances at low Interest; call and be convinced.
Cot-rate Loan Oflice, rm, 7, Flood bids, 809 Market
ffllO'^^ -linn AT i*ANK RATES; IST AND
«JpO_icJ.V/\JV/ 2d mortgages, estates, rents, etc.;
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY, 628 .Market su
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS.JEWE.LRY.KTC
Columbia Loan & Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
HIV ATE Pa«TY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
security; low Interest- N., box 16, Call Office.
NY AMOUNT; LOWEST RATE;. IST <fc 2D
mortgage: flat or installment. Dry den, 635 Cat.
~~T~ I'AW.MJKOkJiUS.
HIGHEST, PRICE PAID FOR CAST OFF
clothing. «'osniopo'ltnn loan Office. 49 Third.
- ■ ' J i'i>A>ClAL. _ -'
ffljOX f\C\(\ WANTED for investment;
~U.\J\J\J will pay 5 percent net. 8.,b0x4,
Call Office.
<2i] 4 id t)(\{\ To LOAN AS LOW AS BANKS.
0 i "U.I Mil I a,,,,,. rm 2-i2. <'nl>afe H<»p.Bldg.
, 11US1CAL . IJSSXKUaiJiNTS.
AGAIN WE CALL ATTENTION TO THB
fact that we are selling good-toned second-
hand pinaos for $3, $4 and $5 per month; beauti-
ful new uprights for $6, »7. $8, $9 and $10 per
month; no cash payment required larger than the
above amounts: all purchasers of upright pianos
from us have the privilege of exchanging s«me far
a Steinway any time within 3 years from date
without sacrifice. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
representatives of Steinway- & Sons' pianos, cor.
Kearny and Sntter sts.. San Francisco; also Oak-
land, Cal. ; Portland, Or.; Seattle, Wash. •.".
BSOLUTELYTHEOLDKSTAND LARGEST
house west of Chicago is . KOHLER &
CHASK'S, 26, 28 and SO o'Farreil su; pianos, or-
gan* and all other musical instruments, of all
grades and prices: terms eisy: prices lowest;
everything possible done to pleasa and satisfy the
customer. . : '
CIUaLLY THU BIST BARGAINS IN Pt-
onos; see our list for this week; pianos on $3,
$4, $6, $6, $7, «8, $9, $10, $15, $20 monthly pay-
ments; fine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere in the » city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO,
•salesrooms 9SS Market st.. opp. Mason.
VLEGAKT H AROMAS PIANO SACRIFICED;
XJ the opportunity of the season; almost new;
elegant case; magnificent tone: don't delay or you
will regret it. • THE J. DEWING CO., second
floor, F.ood building. Fourth and Market sts.
"YTOTICE TO DRUM .CORPS— THIN SNARE
i> heads for sale at very low prices: factory s\V.
cor. - Twenty-fourth and Rhode island bts. P.
STOLBEKG.
AINES BROS., BUSH _ GERTS AND
Knabe pianos atclotlngout prices. WILLIAM
c. HAMILTON, successor to A. l. Bancroft
& CO., 824 Post si. -■••■ ■'-... .
IJARGAINS— AN ELEGANT SQUARE. $49;
1 > one chapel solid oak Estey organ, $47 50; re-
mem we tun- pianos for $2. J. HARRY
SCOTT, 526 Hayes St.
IANOS $75, $100 AND UPWARD > OR CASH
X or installments. ZENO MAUVAIS Music Com-
pany, 769 Market sCS9SBfKBBBI
"I^OR SALE— A GOOD UPRIGHT FISHER PI-
X ano. Call weekdays 5 to Bp. it,, buuduy 12
to 8 p. M., 1663 Mission st. ,
GIENUINK ARION CHP3AP. SCHMiTZ. 16
VJ McAUlsterst., next Hibernla Bank. .
LEGANT SIEINWAY; MUSI" BE SOLD
this week. Room 21, 809 Market su . ■.-
\\l ANTED, FOR CASH, 6 SECOND-HAND
'' uprights. BRUENN, 228 Post st.
AGNIFICENT WAY UPRIGHT AND
Schubert: little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van Ness
\Y G. BADGER. SOI A ENTFORHaLLET
1 » .<fc via and Francis Bacon pianos. 406 sacto.
YRON MA IZY, 308 PuST BT.—^-OHMER,
XJ Newby & Evans, Briggs and other pianos. :~T
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITUEKS, OLD& NEW
0 H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 La: ham place.
ELEGANT EMKRSON, FIRsT-CLASS CON-
dition, at sacrifice. E. CX, 116 McAllister.
TjMNE UPRIUHT PIANO, *110; SQUARE, $30."
J STATHAM & CO., 106 McAllister st.
DOLLAR A WE_K OX RENT CONTRACT
buys new piano. - 13t> Ellis st. ■
' ■'■ .. ~^ BICYCLES. ~
■TVRUMMERS' SAMPLES .OF THE CELE-
XJ braie.i Boston patent bicycle clo: hum for sale
at retail. L. OOODKHIKND& CO., 516-M8 Marlct.
1 w.i &-*.— li— iil»C___A.N_*iC'3.
ASK FOR THAT FlNE~DlAM6nd"stuD~-
price $55, originally cost $100. Uncle Harris!
16 Grant aye. ...
l ,>", DOMESTIC MACHINE; GREAT BAIL
KiP^.u. gain; owner going East. 2437 Mission st.
EDIUM DOLBi DOOR FIR •. PROOI- SAFE,
scale and register cheap. 8 Mission st- -
ELEGANT 2D HAND PARTY DRESSES
and sealskins; cheap. FABIAN, 1020 Folsom.
UIR«»T-CLASS SECOND-HAND GASOLINE
X engine; suitable for pumping. F., box 22, Call
■\TKW ELE' T..IC . BATH . CABINET . FOB
Xi family or business use. 209 Seventh st.
i) HOKBKPOWER OTTO HAS EN'UINK, SEC-
*- ond-hand; In perfect order; for sale cheap; can
be seen running at 507 Market St. : ■ 
pOKKEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
\J stand dps*, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
\| ON ARCH BLUE FLAME HEATERS ABE
ill tbe best. W. & RAY MFG. Co.. 12 California
j, ARS, . SHOWCASES, COUNTERS,^ SHE LV-
»^ Ing, etc.. loughfand gold. 1063 Mission, nr.7th.
T A BARGAIN— 6O SAMPLES RATTAN
chairs,' rockers, : etc.: also a few fine baby
carriages for the next 14 days. CALIFORNIA
RATTAN CO., 61 First st., near Mission. •
|JOILERS,ENGINES,V;J>HANI.) MACHINERY
IJ water-pipes. Mclntosh Wolpman. 137 Beale.'
OSK -SMALL Ml-.IUUM AND LAKUE-SIZE
lire and hurglar i.roof nafe, ■ 109-111 Marlot :
■ bJhi\Vx>U; ilAClllJMis.
** LL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD. EXCHANGED:'
>\ : reiit"d .j»palr*Ki: 'owi'W rwte<. : '.'O5 Fonrth *L '
■'•''■Ji. ' . .LOST. ; "[''..f'-r-'-^-'y'r-i-
WATCH "• 'GOLD'-: HUNTING-CASK
watch, split second. Return same to Baldwin
Hotel office and a suitable reward will be paid and
no questions asked. J. H.'MAHONKY.
1 ObT— BLACK PURSE CONTAINING ABOUT
I .». $140. Handsome reward will be paid -by . re-
turning to Cafe Zinkand. v - . ,- •'-.■,.'
JOT— SUNDAY, IN THK HILL'S BETWKKN
JJ Belmont and Sari Mateo, liver and white
pointer bitch; scar on forehead: name Lady. . Re-
turn to H. G. ROWELL., Belmont Hotel: reward.
MAI L KED -ET ER DUG; TAG 208 U. BE-
ward If . returned i to F. W. HUMMER.sTON,
City and County surveyor's offlce. new City Hall.
:;..:. :;:-. ' -.■'..'.;;;•■';••:.■'- JFouxja.":- '.--; ;,. ;- • "..;;•;■
J^Su^D^A^VHTrK^^^X^fE^BrE R . DOa
:. Owner can have same I by proving property and
paying expenses at 919 Cypress all >•>•, oetween
Mission. Howard. Twenty- fourth and Twenty-fifth:*
SXOKAti—.
T^L^W^AT^S^rU^NTT^JK^r^^RPETir 1
pianos, etc. ; ' clean, dry, light compartments,
advances made. J NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mis- !
felon, above sixth: open evenings. . ' ' ' ' .
ipUKNITUKK.- . PIAJSOS, TRUNKS; AD-
J Vances. shipping. CHAS. L. ,TAYLOK.2O4Post.'
Q TOR AGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY ; FIRE-
O proof building; advances made. ; 211-liaikln. . ;
CO~y~RY KEAt. ESTATE.
FARM THAT PAYS 12 PER CENT NET ON
the investment; 80 acres highly Improved; 25
acres wine grapes: SO acres orchard; a 1 vines and
tre<-s In fine, h»a:thy condition -and full-bearing;
sprint watvr: good house 6 rooms and oath: small
house for men: large barn; personal ropertv:
a forced sale; ■ price $12,000. - _DWIN K. ALSIP
& CO., 29. second floor, .Mills building.
C ACKIFICE SALE— SIXTEEN ACRKS FULL-
-0 bearing, vineyard; best vari ties; surrounded
by fruit, olives, .ornamental trees: ' gently
sloping; deep, rich soil; grand view; labours'
ride from city -. close to staiion (and college) : ele-
gant H-room cottage; mantels.' bathroom, hard fin-
ish: larg- sub-cellar, j chicken yard, stable, - fine
water, windmill: c imate unsurpassed; sea breeze,
mountain air: building cost $3.:50; price only
$7250; part cash. -Owner,' 47 South Park."
A RIN CO. ; 8000 acres: 26 miles from city;
lots any size: fruit, grain, vegetable land; rail
or water transit: $40 to $75 per acre: ernn to
suit- .SYNDICATE IN V'T CO ,65 Chronicle bldg.
mo LEASE— 2OO ACHES GOOD LEVKL LAND,
. X Wood side, 4 miles from - Redwood :' City: > new
bouse. - Apply L. ALTSCH L, 320 Clay St., S. F. . ■-'
A LAMEDA LAND COMPANY IS SELLING
xV the cheapest fruit, vegetable and grain land
ever offered in Alameda County In small tracts. - 1
mile from Pleasanton, l l^ hours from San Fran-
cisco; price $20 to $40 per acre: . half cash; owner
must sell: title perfect; investigate. .57 Chroni-
cle building.- .■■'. ■*■•".;-•,.:•" •
UST BE SOLD WITHIN 2» DAYS TO
clear estate; c egant 30-acre ■ orchard . and
house; ' best part of Atamsda County. B. BALZ,
Centerville, Cat "; ■ , : . -
END FOR ILLUSTRATED CIRCULARS AND
0 pamphlet of California lands for sale by H.
FRancis, rooms 69-70-71, Chronicle building,
San Francisco, CaL . ■
I FORECLOSED RANCH FOR SALE OR RENT;
. 820 acres In ' Santa Cruz Mountains; partially
; in full-bearing orchard, etc. Inquire of GEORGE
U. LUCHSINGER, 18 Geary St.. Ban >ranclsco.
LITTLE ; HOMES. CLOSE ,TO - TOWN , IM-
proved: ■ easy terms: - also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWINS, Sonoma
City: every Monday tn 632 Msrkm St.. 8. F. -. ,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOB~^ROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
rUIHDRM LOTS; JONES TRACT; ON
J-i terms; cement walks; 6c fare to Oakland; buy
of owner. See L. L. M. *ALSBURY, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland, or A. JONES, Elmhurst. :
C7k LOTS AND UPWARD; BUY NOW
W I*J when you can: but few lots left in tha
AUendale tract, situate in Frultvale, adjoining
East Oakland; this is the only choice property
now being offered in this Mate at such low prices:
near a fine school: two electric roads near by and
one will shortly go tnrougn this tract; grand
view: rare site for a home; • drainage perfect:
street all graded; some macadamized: homes
now here and others being built; terms, $5 cash,
*5 .^ monthly. 468 Ninth at., Oakland. H. Z.
Junes, owner. .. . ■ .
JJO! FOR FITCHBU-li!
"vtT«,x TAKK YOUR FAMILY AND
*— LENDS OUT ON THE FITCH-
UI'RG, SAN LEANDRO AN-
Haywards LOCAL. >.<:'':'
: , Fee southern Pacific Time-Cart. .■T-
HE FIRST IMPORTANT STOP K AST OF
iKUITVALK IS THE PLACE. FAST-
.VEST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON
THE PACIFIC COAST.
DIRECT BOATS AND TRAINS FROM FERRY.
iOOT OF MARKET STREET, TO
IITCHBURG STATION IN
. FORTY-FIVE MINUTES.
Alameda, Berkeley and Frultvale trains singed
by the Fitchburg scorcher. • Hay wards electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes.
If you are tired of life and want to get off the
earth; stay where you are. People get well, be-
come cheerful, contented and pro:>ueroiu in Mich*
burg.
_ Fitchbnr? 1* the most promising suburb on tb.9
direct line of up-to-date public and private Im-
provements .in she vicinity of Oakland. It Is a
business center by . natural location. Its railway
lines now operating, deep-water transportation for
Irelght by Damon's line of fast-sailing vessels on
Oakland harbor, and . the ■ excellent county roadj
leading to it, are lncontestible proofs. It Is regu-
larly laid out into blocks and lots bounded by wlda
streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented with
kvtuue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen grove*
. NOW Is THK TIME TO BUY. .
For a home while cheap; for speculation on *
rising market: for a turn be first for investment
now, and hold On. ■No city taxes to pay; no street
Improvements to make. Water . supply from 3
companies at your doors. Lots In this beautiful
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bought in many of ' the - i>nt!-sire«« iracu in
an inaccessible hayfield.
Lots 25 and 60 feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel street: double frontage. Terms, 10 per
cent cash; deterred payments in easy Installments*
title perfect. ,
! w - -_ McCLURK. If Montgomery st-, S.H 1 .
1 HAD. S. FITCH. Fltchborg. -
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
AT.A3rET>A REAI ESTATH.
If OR SALE— 6SOO: OFFERED FOR $4750:
1 new modern : 9- room house: San Jose aye.; lot
60x150.
Twelve lots on St. Charles st.; must be sold;
great bargain.
Fourteen lot*; Brings aye.; 33i203; only *450
each; fine Investment. E. D. JUDD, 1424 Park
sty Alameda. . . ■
N EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY FOR
Investment of a small capital In Alameda, with
positive net return of 10 per cent per annum: 4
new 6-room cottages in a first-class locality; mid-
way between narrow and broad gauge stations and
within half block of business street and electilc
railway: artesian well; gas-engine and mill; posi-
tive sacrifice: no offer within reason refused. For
further particulars address A, K. DEN _E, 1503
Seventh st., AlflmerlH. Cal.
lil-1 it Jv Jfc: LE X B_A_ —STATE.
IN THE : BEST . PART OF BEAUTIFUL
Berkeley— House of 5 rooms; bath: large lot;
half . block from two electric roads; a bargain.
JO<. .1 MASON. Berkeley station.
i] iliOl'JcUl* -J.O JhiXCIIAAOK.
SEND FOB OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
O for sale. W POSTER & WHITTON, San Jose.
rrilMßKß— l'JBo ACRES; KERN' CO.; PLENTY
X water: excellent slock ranch. N.. box 16. Call.
DENTISTS.
DR. L. T. CRA NZ— KXTBACTION PAINLESS;
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 336 Sutter, NE. cor. Stockton.
Cjtrj FULL SET OF TEETH WORTH $15;
. «IP I . warranted 5 years: extraction free; fillings
60a Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st. | .
"L^ULL SET OF TEETH, $7, WARRANTED:
X filling 60c. crowns $3. DR. BROWN. 2iyfr 3d.
. L'IKST- CLASS DENTISTRY OR MONEY
-L back; Installment plan; established 12 years.
Oflice cor. Sixth und Mission, over I X L store.
OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 806 MAR-
/ ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. :
D'~ K. E. W. PRATT— ON ALUMINUM
plates same price as rubber. 14 Grant aye.
Oj/7 A BET FOR TEETH— WAKBANTED AS
01 good as can be made: filling $1 DR. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market at., next Baldwin Theater.
AINLESS KXT ACTION, ' 50c ; : CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: IS year a"
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S.. 81534 Geary.
"TVR- LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST., NR.
XJ Eleventh; no charge for extracting ■ when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given. •'
ET.O* 1 TEEI'H WITHOUT A PLATE. D 57
H. G. Young, 1841 Polk st.^- .
R. J. J. LEEK. 1V!O6 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye. ; open even inirs; Sundays till noon.
CIROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket,. bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, »1; plates. $6 up; fill, $1 up.
K. GEORGE W. LEEK, THE ■ GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction,
and patentee of improved ' bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved, from 6to 20 Farrell
ALL WORK TO SUIT T , MES;WA 1< RANTED.*
JT\. DR. HEa, 1370 Markets!,., front City HalL
LL WORK keasonablk and WAR-
■rant<"l. DP. J.W.KF.T. 1122 V arket at. -
PKOPOSAXS.
PROPOSALS FOR • SUBSISTENCE SUP-
X plies — < fflce of Purchasing Commissary,' No. ;
36 New; Montgomery street, San Francisco, Cal ,
November 10, 1896. ■ Sealed proposals, ' in ■ dupli-
cate, subject to the ■ usual ■ condl ions, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock a. x on
FRIDAY, Novemb r 20. 1896. at which time aud
place they will be opened •In the . presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivery of - the following-
named subsistence supplies: Pork, Bacon Flour,
Hard Bread, ' Baking Powder, .beans. Peas, Rice,
Tomato s, Coffee, Tea, . Sugar, Vinegar, ■ Salt,
Candles, Apricots, Chocolate, Corn, Gelatin, Ham,
Lobsters, Milk, oysters, Peaches, Pears, Pigs Feet,
Preserved Damson, . ' Salmon, - Saraines, ■■■ Soup,
Starch, Tongue, Syrup, Flavoring Extracts, Jam
(Blackberry), Jelly (Currant), Mustard, Olive oil.
Olives, Pickles, Sauce (Cranberry and Worcester-
shire). Tobacco.' Soap, .-..- apolio, Buttons. Thread,
Enye.opes.vl'ena.Blackinis. (-hoe), Clotheslines,
Ink, Paper, Towels and Toweling. - Proposals will
not be considered unless accompanied by samples
of ar. teles bid for. The Government ■ reserves the
right to reject any .or all proposal ■ Preference
will be given to articles of domestic production or
manufacture, conditions of qu llty and price (in-
cluding in the price of toreign production or manu-
facture the duty thereon) being equal. Blank t>ro-
posals and j full ■ Information us - to the quality of
supplies, character of packages, . <«tc., win be fur-
nished on . application .to = this  office. ■ Envelopes
containing proposals should be marked "Proposals
for subsistence Supplies, to be opened November
'-0, 1 96," and ' addressed to the ' undersigned.
WELLS ..WILLABD. Major and ■O. ■> S., United
state- \rmy. ■-***, WwffiHaSrfHßßHOQSSlK&Sajftiv: ■;.,>-
-■";..-' MINING MACHINERY. -^
STAlklP^LL!^3jE^T?C_i^^
O most durable stampmlll; running every after-
noon from 3 to 6 at Golaen State Miners' Foundry,
231'f irst;no canu to break, nor tappets to get loose.
LIBTfIS— MARRIAGES— DEATiii
'" fß!rth,~jriarT'«ee and death nottci»s «pnt hr mill
will not be inserted.' They mus be handed la a:
either of ■ the publication offices and : be indorse!
with the name and residence 01 persons utuhorUdi -
to have tha samtt published. J :■ - -
"■
BOUX
GROTHEER— Iv this city. November H. TS^J. to
tT» wife of Charles C. Orothcer. a daughter. •:
.iWAKKiiiO.
AVERY— CAHILL-In .' this , city, November 18,
; 1838. at tne residence of the orlde's parents,
■ by the Rev. William Lyons, rector of st. Peter's
Church, Augustus Dod^e Avery of Mill Valley
and Evelyn B. Cahill, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
John L. Cahlll. ; - ;
• X>l_U.
Arnold, Rlchart • Johnson. William H.
A sch Henrietta Kelleher, Daniel
Brand. Elizabeth '_. Lambert, Elizabeth.
Chl.ds. James H. Maurer. Amelia C.
Conway, Mary Melssner. Julius F.
liurbrow, Emma L. Nixon. Alma V..r*
Rallasiher. Henry J. Schirmer, Joseph H.
- Geary, Patrick Sheehan. David W.
C.reany. Beatrice K. blmpson. -Mary A.
brigus. Benjamin D. Smith. Charlotte
Ilawley, William M. Thomas, George W.
Hilborn, Edward P. " Weiler, Julia •■ V- "
Wetz, Frederick E.
ARNOLD-Tn this city. November 18, 1898,
Richard, beloved husband of the late Ann Ar-
no, d. and father of Thomas, Julia and the late
Rlcnard Arnold, a native 01 Ireland, aged 84
years. ■
"■ *3~ Friends and acquaintances are resole*-
' fully Invited to attend the tunerat TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m., from the resl-
•dence of his son, 2014 Stockton street, (hence to
St. Francis Churcn, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated. for the reposa of his soul.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. '
A^CU— this city. November IS. 1893, Henri-
etta, beloved wife of - the late ■ Wolf Ascb. and
mother of Simon, Benjamin, Isaac and Philip
Asch and Mrs. M. Lewin of San Luis Obispo.
a native or Posen. Germany, aged 70 years 3
months and 9 days. \
Friends an 1 acquaintances »ro respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence, *65b Teh am a street. Interment SaJem
Cemetery by the 11:30 o'clock a. m. train from
Third and Townsend streets. Please omit
flowers.
BRAND-in this city. November 17.1895. Eliza-
beth Brand, beloved mother of Mrs. Charlp, Mei-
tenberjrer, Mrs. George Werner. Mr*. GusGaebler,
Mrs. Edward Wecner or Sonoma, Cal.. and Jacob
Brand, a native of Kllngcn Munster. RbeinDfalz,
l'avaria, Germany, aged 76 yean 3 mouths ana '
15 days.
Friends and acquaintances »r« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from her late resi-
dence. :;8 KiBsling street, between Eleventh and
: Twelfth. Interment 1. O. O. V. Ceme.ery.
CHILDS- In this city, November 18, 1833, James
H., beloved son of Mary and the late James H.
Childs, and brother of W. W.. George. W., Lillian
and Charles childs and Mrs. Andrew White, a
native or San Francisco, aged 26 years & months
and 1 day.
: - jj£j- Friends and acquaintances are » respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. it., from his lata
residence, 425y a Clementina street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CON WAY— In Oakland. November 18. 1893,
Mary Couway, beloved sister of Peter Conway
and Mrs. Maurice O'connell, and aunt of Wil-
liam Pane an! Lizzie and Mary Conway, a na-
tive of the parish of Mohill, County Leltrim, Ire-
. land, aged ,67 years. [Lowell (Mais.) papers
. please copy.J
49" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MOKROW
(Saturday),' at 9 o'clock a. if., from her late
residence, 1168 . Seventh street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clocic a. it. luturoiea; St.
Mary' Cemetery, Oakland.
DURBROW— In this city. November 19, 1893,
Emma Louise, widow of the late Joseph Pur-
brow, and mother of Elbridge and Harry Dur-
brow, Mrs. Spencer C Buckbce aud Mrs. Alfred
Holm an. ' .
Friends are reßectfuUy Invited 'o atteni
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Saturday), at
- 12:45 o'clock P. 11.. at her late residence, 1124
Bush street, Imerment private. Kindly omit
, flowers. . . . -
GALLAGHER— A solemn high reauiem mass
(month's mind) will be celebrated TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. _ at Mission Dolores
Church, for the repose of the .soul ot Henry J.,
- beloved husband of Ernestine E. Gallagher.
Friends are Invited to attend. ' ■ . • ;
GEARY— In this city. November 19. 1893. Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Bridget E. Geary, and
father of Annie F., Katy D., James, Henry, Al-
phonsus and Lore ua Geary, a naive of Bally-
dehob. County Cork, Ireland, aged 42 years.
£S~Fri»-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday) , a t 1:30 o'clock p. _ from his lats
residence, '^Va Miiuus.iee.. Imerintjut Mount
Calvary Cemetery. ■ ■
GREANY— In this city, November 19, 189 8.
Beatrice X-, beloved daughter of Thomas F. and
Mary E. Greany, and granddaughter of John
and Ellen Hanlon.* a native 01 San Francisco,
aged 1 year 5 months and 7 days. '
GRIGGS— In this city, November 19, 1893, Ben-
■ jauiln D. Griggs, a native of Massachusetts, a£t>4
69 years. ,
iß9~Friends and acquaintances are nwnwy;-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday). *£ 1 . o'clock p. _.. from the par-
lors of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
. 2429 . Mission street, near Twenty-first, inter-
. ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriages.
HAW LEY— In this city.' November 18, 1898,
- William Marshall, beloved husband of Juannette
Hawley, superintendent of the Spreckels Tug-
-" boat Company, a native of New York, aged 51
: years. '■'- ' ''■ •■ ■
: Friends and Rcanalntanc»s are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1 o'clock |p. . it., from George H.
Thomas Post, G. A. 11., rooms. 320 Post street.
Interment private. Please omit flowers. .
HILBORN— In Suisun. Cal., November 18, 1898,
Edward Payson, beloved husbani of Mary Hll-
born, father of Edward P., Arthur and LewU
A. Hllborn, and brother ot Hon. S. G. Hilborn,
a native of Minot, Me., aged 68 yean 2 mon:uj
and 10 days.
JOHNSON— In this city, November 19, 1896.
William H. Johnson, a native ot lirookfield, N.
. H. .aged 41 years,
£3" Remains at the parlors of Halsted <t Ca,
946 Mission street, to be shipped to Blue " Earth
City, Minn. .
KELLEHER— In Crockett. November 18. 1893.
Daniel, beloved husband of Katherine Kelleher,
' - father of Maggie, Daniel. Dennis, Joseph, .Mary,
Stacia, Willie, Walter and Arthur Kelleher, and
' la- law of Patrick Daly, a native 01 County
: Cork, 'Ireland, aged 44 years.
43~Notice of funeral hereafter.
LAMBERT— In this city, November ■ 19. 1593,
■ Elizabeth Lambert, a native of Missouri, ajed
: 46 years 8 months and 22 days. .
MAURER— In ■ Oakland, November 19. : 1898.
Amelia Christina, wife of F. J. Maurer, and sis-
■ ter of John C. Rocker, a native of New York,
. aged 30 years 1 month and 24 days.
MEISSNER— In this city. November 18. 1893,
5 Julius F., beloved husband of -Helene P. Meiss-
ner. and father of Tony - Meissner, a native of
. Germany, aged 5 3 years and 2 months.
; O"JFriends and acquaintance ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1 o'clock p. _.. from his late resi-
dence, SOU Twenty-seventh street, near Church,
thence to . Pythian Castle, 909 Market street,
where iuneral services .will be held on ter the
- auspices of Eureka Lodge : No. 9, K. of P., at '£
o'clock P. M., and thence by electric funeral-car
leaving Fourteenth and Mission . streets at 3
o'clock p. _, Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
K. of P.— Funeral committee, officers and mem-
bers of Eureka Lodge .No. 9, K. of P.: You are
. hereby notified to assemble at our hall. Pythian
: Castle, 909 Mar^e: street. THIS DAY. (Fri-
! day), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of a:-
tending the funeral of our late rot Her,' Jul. us
F. Meissner, and from there by electric-car to
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ; By order of
■ E. 8. BELKNAP, C. G.
E. J. Wimoit, K. of R. and S.
NIXON— In this city, November 18. 1838. Alma
Frances, beloved daughter of Thomas and Annie
E. Nixon, granddaughter of : Captain a. E. and
A. S. Tommereg, and niece of George Nixon
ana Lulu and th« late Fred Tommereg, a native
[ of San Francisco, aged li days. |
SCHIRMER— In this city. November 19. 1R93,
--- Joseph H., beloved husband of Mo. lie Scairmer,
a native of Posen, Prussia, age 1 39 years. . .
SHEEHAN— this City, November; 18, 1891, •
David W. Sheehan, beloved husband of Katie
Sheehan, fattier of Charles L. and Warren Shee-
han, aad brother of Lawrence B. and Henry P.
- -; Sheehan. a native of : California, aged 35 years
and 6 months. ■ :
SIMPSON— In Berkeley, November 17, 1896,
Mary A. bimpson, beloved mother of Maggie C
blmpson. ' . .jUlWfcjMfciilßiflll WllilLflMfltiU^ilj
. : : ' KB" Friends and acquaintances ar« reaped. .
■ fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her lata
residence, 2027 . Channlng way. thence to
St. Joseph's Church,- where a solemn' requiem
mass will be celebrated tor the repose of her soul.
' ' commencing at 10 o'clock a. ii. Interment
i St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. , '
SMITH— In this city, November ; 17, 1893, Char-
■ lotte smith, a native of Ireland, aged 78 years.
THOMAS— Sausallto. November 17, 1898,
George -W. ..Thomas, ' a native of Ohio, aged 12
' year) 11 month* and 27 days. "
Kg" Friends are resoec if u'lly . Invited to attend
• the funeral services THIS -= DAY (Friday), at •
. 11:45 o'clock a. v., at his lati* residence In
Sausallto. Xn.erment Laurel Hill Cemetery
. San Francisco. ■ - . ■ •
WKILER— In this city, November 19. 1896, Julia
Weiler. dearly • -beloved mother of Leonard
.. B. Weiler, and grandmother of Emma, Mollle
' James, ueor%e 1 aud Frank ■ Cajsldy, a native of
Ireland, aged ,75 years. - ,
WETZ— Oakland. Cal.. : November 18, 1898.
;■. Frederick E. Weiz, beloved husband of Margaret
.'Wetz, and father of John F. Wets, a native of
■ Franlcfort-on-the-Maln, Germany, aged 57 years. I
A member of Valley LoJge No. SO, A. O. U W
and IVaniioe Lod,-e No. 6, K. of P. , ' "
'■.•;'-' JWNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at par-
lors of The.uor ;Dierks. 957 Mlsslou street, be-
tween Firth and sixth.; - ,'^ '■-■- ■
;| ; WIcAVOY & GALLAGHER, T
FUNERAL DIEECTOaS* EMBALMKSS I *
80 JTirth St., Opp: Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080. j
••+— — — — — — — — ~. .
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY;
S^^ A ,I EC } COUN TY: NEAREST CEMI*
elu.ive: location unexcelled. Office ? "_£__
1314
A. T. HATCH, THE FRUIT-GROWER,
YIELDS TO FINANCIAL REVERSES
The Largest Creditors Are Amply Secured by
Mortgages on Highly Cultivated Orchard
Lands in the State.
Failure Is Ascribed to Over
Confidence and Disastrous
Seasons.
A HALF MILLION INVESTED-
Hatch Propagated New Varieties of
Almonds, and by Studious Enter*
prise Developed Markets for
California Products.
A. T. Hatch, the well-known fruit
grower, yesterday acknowledged that he
is bankrupt. His affairs havo been going
from bad to worse since 1893. Four or
five years ago he was accounted the most
successful and one of the richest orchard
ists of the State, but his zeal to extend to
other sections of California the success
A. T. Hatch.
which attended his enterprises in Solano
County caused him to mortgage the mag
nificent orchards and lands in the Suisun
Valley to buy and cultivate vast tracts of
land elsewhere.
It has been known to money-lenders,
bankers and others for the past two years
that his situation in a financial sense was
critical, but not until the Bank of Suisun
foreclosed on the valuable land in that
locality did his friends surrender hope in
his ability to weather the storm.
A. T. Hatch was seen at his office in the
Flood building yesterday and acknowl
edged that he was not able to meet the ob
ligations pressing upon him. When asked
if thestatemeut^elegraphed to The Call
from Suisun yesterday was correct, he
said:
"The Call's report is correct, but in
one of the daily papers it is stated that
neglect of my property was one of the
causes of my failure. This is not true.
There has been no neglect. When
I have not been able to give that
orchard my immediate personal super
vision :t has been in the control of a com
petent superintendent."
"Will many people suffer from your
financial embarrassment?" he was asked.
"Yes," he replied, "some creditors for
small amounts in sums of $2000 and $3000
may be affected seriously. The banks and
other creditors for large sums are secured
by mortgages on the land."
Replying to other questions, Mr. Hatch
said the failure extended to ail ol his
landed investments throughout the State.
He did not blame his creditors for the
action they bad taken. In only one in
stance had proceedings been taken which
were unjust and uncalled-for, but he de
clined to specify that instance.
Responding to the suggestion that he
had economized and denied himself per
sonal comioris in order to tide over the
stress of adversity, he said:
'"Yes, I have lived in a $10 room and
contented myself with 15-cent meals in
order to pull through. My failure now
does not in any sense mean my ruin. I
shall start again and am sure that I will
again succeed. I have the utmost con
fidence in California as a fruit-growing
Btate."
Mr. Hatch added that San Franoisco
merchants would not lose by reason of his
failure.
Among bankers, capitalists ana whole
sale fruit men downtown tbe failure was
discussed. Many had been familiar with
Mr. Hatch's struggles to avoid the col
lapse and were therefore not surprised
that R. D. Robbins of Snisun had lore
closed to collect notes amounting with
accrued interest to $200,000.
The foreclosing crejitor at Suisun is a
correspondent of the Anglo-Caliiornia
Bank, but Mr. Lilient:ial, the manager of
that institution said his bank was to no
wise concerned. "'lt would be a great
benefit to the State," said Mr. Lilienthal
"if California had a few more men lifce
Mr. Hatch. There is not the slightest
semblance of crookedness in his failure.
He simply over- reached himself. He at
tempted to carry a heavier load than he
could b'-ar." ,
A. G. Freeman, the manager of the J.
K. Arnisby Company, spoke in the high
3st terms of Mr. Hatch's enterprise and
ability. "No fruit-grower," he said "has
surpassed Mr. Hatch in intelligence and
•r.dustry. His study of fruit culture has
Added vastly to the wealth of the State.
He was the first man to risk the experi
ment of shipping fruit to the Eastern
£iarkets by the refrigerator process.
When that plan was adopted only a few
carloads were sent East; now thousands
■}l cars are employed in such shipments.
Hatch maintained model orchards, and
bis example in this respect was not lost
an his neighbors.
"In th« field of almond culture he
achieved the greatest results. He simply
opened a market for California almond's
by propsgating new varieties and study
ing the demands of trade in connection
with th 6 capabilities of the soil. Ye*, Mr.
Hatch has contributed in a large measure
to the development and wealth of Califor
nia, and his misfortunes will surely be re
gretted wherever he is Known."
A. W. Porter of Porter Bros. <fc Co as
serted that A. T. Hatch by active work
and example had rendered the greatest
service to the State, and that his failure
could be regarded in no other light than
that o! a misfortune. "The products of his
almond orchards are known," continued
Mr. Porter, "throughout tie United States.
His methods of cultivating orchards, pick
ing arid packing lruit were the most care
ful. It was a guarantee of excellence in
trade circles to say the fruit or nuts came
from the Hatcn orchards."
H. 11. La Rue, who is winding up the
' affairs of the Grangers' Bank, spoke
highly of Mr. Hatch as an enterprising
man, but had doubts whether Hatch's
efforts had benefited the fruit interests of
the State. The idea was presented that
Hatch had gone too far in his enthusiasm
and had encouraged others to follow him
until the industry of cultivating orchards
had been pushed beyond legitimate de
mands. In consequence of the booming
many orchardists might suffer.
Aiuoiil' Mr. Hatch's liabilities is a note
for $30,000, held by the Grangers' Bank.
The note is secured by a mortgage on an
almond orchard of seventy acres in the
Livormore Valley. The orchard is a
beauty and the land desirable, but the
property will not sell now for a sum suffi
cient to make the bank even on the tran
saction. The bank will probably lose
$20,000.
It was said downtown among the ad
miring friends of Mr. Hatch that if he
had contented himself with the profits of
his Suisun orchards, which in a single
year amounted to $80,000 over and above
all expenses, he would now be lending
money to Banker Robbins. instead of
casting about for means to pay the prin
cipal and interest on a loan of $200,000.
The success scored at Suisuu induced
Hatch to strike out for higher rewards for
his enterprise. He seems to have been
moved by the spirit of his enthusiasm to
invest everything he could borrow in
planting new orchards. He went in with
Colonel Chipman in a great orchard
scheme on th*« Feather River. He bought
land and planted trees on a vast tract in
Tehama County. The prospect in Contra
Costa County pleased him and be made
large investments near Martinez. He did
not go to tho heart of the San Joaquin
Valley, but went as far south as Lodi, be
tween Stockton and Sacramento, in his
zeal to acquire orchard property.
Some of the banks went as wild in their
estimates of value as Hatch did himself.
As a capitalist expressed it yesterday:
"Money in excess of the value of the land
was borrowed from certain banks in the
country. The lender figured on trees and
vines as security, and wheu two disastrous
seasons came there was not ample securiiv
for the loans. Hatch, assuming that afl
of his ventures would prove as remunera
tive as his Suisun orchards had in a few
seasons of unexampled prosperity, became
a ereat boomer. He continued to reach
out lor new lands an<i new orchards. His
ventures and his confidence induced bthers
to imitate his example. I have known lor
two years that he was hard pressed. In
the last campaign he was a rabid Bryanite
and one ot the wildest advocate* of free
silver. I was sure then that there was
something wrong with his investments."
It is thought by merchants and bankers
that the failure will be generally regretted
by the people throughout the State. All
agree that Mr. Hatch is a square man in a
business sense and that bis embarrass
ment now is due mainly to disastrous
seasons. One of his warmest friends said:
"Mr. Hatch will come out of his troubles
in time. He is a man who knows bow to
meet adversity and misfortune. You can
fancy a man of his past wealth and afflu
ence living in one little room. His failure
is not due to neelect of his business or per
sonal extravagance. He simply encoun
tered adverse seasons, and by reason of
low prices for orchard products could not
keep ahead, as interest on his notes was
compounding. Ido not know the extent
of his liabilities, but should say that he
had a half million dollars invested."
Tne last public position held by Mr.
Hatch was that of World's Fair Com
missioner from this State. He was ap
pointed by Governor MarKham and served
ou the commission with Irving M. Scott,
James D. Puelan, John Daggett and
others.
REALISM AT THE ALCAZAR
Actor J. T. Sullivan Severely Wounded
in a Stage Duel.
During the second act of the per
formance of "At Fort Bliss," a military
drama, at the Alcazar last night, John T.
Sullivan, one of the leading men, was ac
cidentally seriously cut in the biceps by
his antagonist, Francis Powers, as Colonel
Rogers.
Mr. Sullivan was in the role of Captain
David Van Alstyn, and the duel, which is
as spirited a one as is seen on the stage off
Bosworth F.eld. was a contest for the love
of a woman, Mar arei Burnett, who is
Miss Beatrice ljieb. Misa Burnett herself
is an accomplished swordswoman, and
after the gallant captain is laid low by the
colonel she opportunely appears on the
scene and rakes up the sword where he
dropped it.
During the duel, which was with real
swords, Mr. Sullivan received a slash in
the biceps which made a serious wound
and caused him to be really a wounded
man, which added unexpected and very
dramatic realism to the performance. The
curtain remained down an unusual length
of time and physicians were called ior,
STILL TALKING OF A SECRETARY.
The Miners Not Willing to Let a Matter of Such Vital
Importance Go From the Public Mind.
The subject of a Mining Bureau and a Secretary of Mining in the President's Cabi
net is still being discussed, and words will soon give place to deeds. From all quar
ters come expressions of approval.
Surveyor of the Poit William D. English— The mining industry of the United
States warrants the creation of a Cabinet officer to represent it, and I am heartily in
favor of the proposition. Agriculture has its representation, and why should not
mining? I hear that some of our valley farmers are not in favor of having a mining
secretary. I should think that they would be. The Secretary of Agriculture and
Secretary of Mining would be able to discuss matters of importance to both industries
and decide matters of interest to both, thus saving much friction and feeling and ex
pensive lawsuits between the mining and farming ciasses.
Assistant Postmaster R. H. Dodge— l think that by all means the miDing industry
of the United States should be represented in the President's Cabinet. Such a Cabi
net officer would not only look after the interests of the vast gold and silver mines of
the West, but he would look after the interests of the coal, copper and iron mines of
the East ana South. The United States is one of the largest and most important
mining countries in the world, and such an extensive industry should be fully pro
tected by the Government. Yes, indeed, lam most heartily in favor of the creation
of a Department of Mines and Mining and a Secretary thereof.
H. S. Richardson, secretary to the Postmaster-It is a good proposition and one
that I hope to see acted upon by the next Congress. There may be objections to the
creation of such a Cabinet officer, but I have not heard of any yet. At present a vast
amount of business is saddled upon the Treasury Department I believe that the pro
posed department would relieve the Treasury a great deal by taking up, for example,
the coinage of money. Tne Treasury Department would have its hands full in look
ing alter the collection and disbursement of the revenues of the United Btates It
would be a great relief if a new department v;ould look after the working of the United
State Mints, and a Mining Secretary would be just the official to attend to such
matters.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20. 1896.
which led the Alcazar audience to think
for a while that they had seen more than
a stage dueL
Actor Sullivan's left arm is now in band
ages and a sline. but he expects to be able
to continue in his part. He blames nim
self for the wound.
GOODWIN HOME AGAIN.
His Career at : the Antipodes and the
Treatment of Several Different
Ladies.
Nat Goodwin, the comedian, who has
been touring Australia for several months
past, returned here yesterday on the Ala
meda. Maxine Elliott, his leading lady,
about whom and the comedian the gossips
have been talking, returned with him, as
did her sister, Gertrude Elliott.
Goodwin says it is all nonsense about
bis having done a poor business at the
Antipodes, as was toid by Blanche Walsh
and Miss Usner, on their arrival here.
Likewise he treats with fine scorn and is
aghast with surprise at the stories of these
ladies, given at different times, that he did
not treat either of them fairly and finally
sidetracked them for Miss Maxine. The
comedian says be cannot understand how
these reports should be circulated.
He is full of stories, too, about the suc
cess of bis company in Australia. "Why
should I be offered $10, 000 by the man
agers out there if I was a failure?" he
said. "Besides this, I was offered a bonus
of $1000 to stay five months longer and
play "The Citizen" and "The Prisoner of
Zenda."
He says Miss Walsh has not treated
him right, for he paid her for the last two
weeks of her services out of his own
pocket. As for Miss Usner, the comedian
is utterly shocked at her. He says she
sometimes appeared in a garb so pecu
liarly abbreviated that even he found fault
with it.
"You will know It ia pretty bad when I
could do that."
Then the young lady received only $17
a week and he never spoke to her, because
there were some people whose inferiority
he was bound to recognize.
When it came to talking about his rela
tions with Miss Elliott and his suit for
divorce from his wife Mr. Goodwin urged
that they were private affairs. He will
present his new play, "The American
Citizen," next week at the Baldwin.
ITALIANS AROUSED.
They Have Taken Offense at an Kdito
rial Severely Criticizing the Italian
Great indignation is being felt and ex
pressed among Italian residents of this
City over an editorial wbichi appeared in
Tuesday's issue of the Chronicle on tbe
subject of the recently concluded peace
between Italy and Abyssinia, Among
other things the article said:
The treaty of peace made by King Menelek
of Abyssinia for Italy to sign, and which King
Humwrt'i Minister has ratified, marks the
most serious humiliation which any modern,
civilize State has ever received at the hands
of >emi-savages. Great powers. In their war
like operatious against native tribes, have
often been checked, but they have never be
fore concluded a dishonorable peace. One
pitchea battle sufficed to drive Italy out of
Abyssinia and make her a suppliant for favor
at tbe hands of the black Negus. What she
gets by her pleadings Is tbe right to have her
imprisoned soldiers freed, in return for which
she must abandon Ethiopia, recognize its in
dependence and pay Meuelek an indemnity.
The victory of tne Negus is therefore raaae as
complete as was that of Germany over France
in the war of 1870.
Commenting editorially or* the article
in the chronicle i'lialia, the leading local
Italian paper, says:
The Chronicle's notion passes the limits of
honest criticism and becomes a grave insult to
the national sentiment of an enure country,
which nevertheless has some claims ou mod
ern civilization. It is a calumny which nas
no excuse, whether it be actuated by ignor
ance or malice. Tbe telegrams published in
this same Chronic c state mat Menelek bad
carried out the wishes ol tne Ita.ian Govern
ment in the conditions ol peace, and therefore
it is stupid to stigmatize them as dishonorable,
just «s it is an lmamous lie to say that Italy
supplicated lavors trum Menelek, when it was
he who was so anxious for peace. Indeed the
Italian papers severely criticized the Govern
ment ior sacrificing tne liberty of the prisoners
so long by not yielding to iie'uelek's desire for
peace sooner.
Another Chronicle lie is saying that Italy
had to pay a war indemnity to Abyssinia. The
only money paid to Menelek was for the main
tenance of the prisoners during eight months.
As for abandoning Ethiopia we retain the
wbole of Erythrea.Meneleic only exacting from
Italy the promise that when sbe wished spon
taneously to renounce the possession she
would restore it to Ethiopia and see that it
was ceded to no other power.
The article in the Chronicle Is then a pre
meditated insult, written with the evident in
tention of humiliating the people against
whom it is directed.
ONE CANVASS FINISHED.
A Democratic Presidential Elector Gets
More Votes Than One of Ills
Republican Rivals.
The Election Commissioners finished up
the canvass of the general ticket yester
day and attacked the tedious job of count
ing tbe municipal ballots.
There were few changes of importance
in the general ticke:, except in the
Twenty-third Senatorial District, where
Sidney Hall's lead oi twenty votes over
Jack Tyrriil was reduced to 10. This
makes a contest for the seat certain, and
lyrrili's friends are now figuring on a re
count.
The canvass of the votes cast for Presi
dential electors snows that so far as this
City is concerned one Dumocrat comes
within the list of those entitled to go to
tbe Electoral College.
Those receiving the highest vote for
electors are as follows:
Irving M. Scott R. 31,106, Claus Spreckelg
R. 31,095. D. E. McKinl.iy R. 31 041 H A
Poweil R. 30,910, J. S. Spear Jr. K. 30 89 i"
J. M. Walling K. 30.884, G. M. Francis R
30,876, Edmond Cooper R. 30,835 J W
Martin D. 30,649.
Tbt total number of votes cast was
64,820, out of over 72,000 registrations.
CARS OF THE MARKET-STREET
SYSTEM TO CARRY BICYCLES
Manager Vining Now Engaged in Making Practical
Experiments With a Specially Constructed
Device.
Bicycle- Holders Already At
tached to Cars of Two of
the Lines.
THOROTJGH TESTS TO BE MADE
If They Are Satisfactory Cars Will
Be Fitted as Fast as the De.
mand Arises.
General Manager E. P. Vining of the
Market-street Railwa Company has be
gun to make experiments with bicycle-
Bicycle - Holder on Mission - Street Car.
holders on two lines of the system under
bis charge, so as to accommodate such
cyclists as desire to reach the park or the
ferry landing without riding their wheels
through tbe streets oi the City.
At the present time the California-street
line is the only one that permits wheels to
be carried on its cars, and, therefore, has
enjoyed a monopoly of this class of busi
ness. It has, however, provided no spe
cial means for conveniently and securely
transporting the bicycles.
The subject of bicycle transportation on
the lines of the Market-street system has
been under consideration for some time
past, and a few days ago G. W. Douglas,
foreman of car lepairs, received instruc
tions from Mr. Vining to attach a device
that had been invented by the joint talent
of several of the railway men to one or
two of the cars of the company for the
purpose of experiment.
In compliance with this scheme a holder
was put on one of the cars of the Sacra
mento-street road and another on a Mis
•ion-street car. That on tbe former is de
signed to accommodate one wheel, while
the one on the latter will carry two ma
chines.
The apparatus is attached to the back of
the rear a ash board, is simple in construc
tion, and is designed to aliow wheels to
be rapidly loaded and unloaded. Two
swinging arms of wrought iron, each
about a foot long, are fastened to the
upper edge of the dashboard. They are
something more than two feet apart, and
from each depends a hook lined with
leather, on which the top bar of the wheel
is intended to rest. To the lower portion
of the dashboard are two swinging rests
on which the wheels of the bicycle are to
rest, and to which they are to be fastened
by straps across tbe rims. It is expected
that this arrangement will bold the ma
chine firmly, and yet protect it from being
bruised and scratched.
In speaking of this new departure ot the
company he represents, Manager Vining
said:
"What we are doing in this line is
simply experimental. We are trying one
of these devices on the Sacramento-street
line, because it will receive a good test
there. The line runs between the ferries
and tbe park and covers some of the most
hilly portions of the City, and therefore
woula be one of the most likely to be used
by wheelmen. We do not yet know just
what will be done on the whole. We first
wish to make sure that our device will
hold the wheels bo as to protect them from
injury, as we do not want to subject our
se.ves to claims for damages, and we also
want to be assured that the wheels can be
handled without too much delay to the car.
Should we find that tbe bicycle-holder fills
the bill in every respect, we shall put them
on wherever we find there is a demand for
them."
A single fare will be charged for each
bicycle carried.
MONTGOMERY VS. RAUER
A Widow Suing for the Patrimony of
Her Children.
The suit of Mrs. Agnes Montgomery, a 9
guardian of her minor children, against
Jacob Raver, came to a conclusion in
J udge Daingeraelct'a court yesterday. She
demanded a balance of $4000 which she
said was due, and he responded by savins
that he had already paid* her $1100 more
than he owed her.*
A great deal of time was devoted to the
argument, the lawyers passing a great
many uncomplimentary rema ks on the
opposing clients.
Attorney Fisher Ames pictured Mrs.
Montgomery to the jury as a shrewd
business woman, who vra3 able to take
care of a big hotel like the Oriel and hold
her own with the sharpers of the business
world, and had even got the better of Jake
Raver, who averaged ninety lawsuits a
month and is never happy except in an
atmosphere of litigation, but who, Mr.
Ames thought, was a gentleman of gen
erous impulses.
Attorney Marcus Rosenthal on the
other hand painted Mr. Raver in very
dark colors, while he described his client,
Mrs. Montgomery, as a confiding, inex
perienced widow, who had trusted Mr.
Raver with the fortune of herself and her
fatherless children and had come to grief
in consequence. He made s: ort of the
claim set up by Mr. Raver that he had
paid Mrs. Montgomery a cent more than
he was compelled to pay.
It was 5 o'clock when Judge Dainger
field concluded his charge to the jury and
they retired for consideration. Late last
night they mumed a verdict in favor of
plaintiff for f 1500.
FOUGHT THE SCALEBUG.
Professor Albert Koebele Arrived Yes
terday From Honolulu Where He Has
Been Eradicating Insect Pests.
The most distinguished arrival by the
steamer Alarrv da yesterday was Professor
Albert Koebele, the entomologist. Three
or four years ago he was actively engaged
PROFESSOR ALBERT KOEBELE.
in this State under the direction of the
State Board of Hortfculture, and it was
he who saved the orange plantations of
California. He introduced the Vedalia
cardinalis and it proved a godsend to the
horticulturists of Southern California. He
also introduced the Rbizobius ventralis,
and that insect has almost completely
wiped out the black scale.
Some time ago the Japanese beetle made
its appearance in the Hawaiian Islands.
It killed all the roses, pinks, orange trees
grape vines, and at one time it bade fair
KITW TO-DAT— GOOD** '■ ."J '._ _ -]■ __^^___^
*'•■•■-. ■ ~~~ ~~ .;. '.
y^^^^S^^^^ Ladies' Plush Cape,
>g^^^^^fw handsomely beaded, lined
JM |p with silk, storm collar
fHI :■s& edged with Thibet fur »
f Ladies' Boucle Cloth
■pjiSjjpfe W Jacket, colors black and
jfjjf§§t Worth $6.50.
SPECIAL BARGAIN IN SPITS!
Special offering to close out 78 Cloth Suits, Box Jackets and
Lined Skirts — manufacturer's cost $6.70 ; <
Special Sale Price $3.95. ||
/ B/Sf^*^ MTJRFHT BUZXjDIIf Gh /
(/(/ Harlot Street, comer i Jones, /
to devastate the islands. Professor Koe
bele was sent for and he studied the habits
of the pest. He found that it only worked
at night, so he imported a colony of toads
and bats which also feed at nit'ht and on
insects. The pest has almost disappeared
and the Hawaiians are loud in their praise
of the professor.
The coffee plantations in the island re
public were also in danger from a scale
that rendered the berry useless for com
mercial purposes. Koebele studied the
situation and introduced a species of lady
bus that has entirely killed ihe parasite.
He is now on his way to Mexico and Cen
tral America to hunt up some new species
of beneficial insects that will kill off some
other parasites that abound in Hawaii.
He will remain until December, 1897, and
then will probably go to India to kill off
the insects that are blighting the fruit
trees of that country.
BLACKHURST'S BANQUET.
The Volunteers of America Want All
That Is Coining to Them.
Major Blackhurst of the Volunteers of
America proposes to give a dinner on
Thanksgiving day to 1000 children of this
City.
In securing the necessary provisions and
funds from the charitably inclined the
collectors sent out by the major have
found that frequently other people have
preceded them on a similar mission.
"These advance people may be all right
as seeking contributions for charitable
purposes, but," said Major Blackhurst,
yesterday, "if the intention of ihe friends
we have 13 to send us funds and eatables
for our dinner they should reeoznize only
the agents we send to them with th ap
peal for aid written on our letter head,
'Pacific Coast Battalion Headquarters
Volunteers of America, 232 Sutter street,
San Francisco.'
•'Oar venture is getting along nicely,
aid we trust that ye will be able to maks
many poor children happy on Thanksgiv
ing day owing to the kind-hearted people
who are helping us.
"If we have any surplus we will dis
tribute it among the poor families of this
City with whose needs we have already
become acquainted."
WANT A CONTRACT LET.
ImproTement *- labs Desire Polk Street
Cat Through From Greenwich to
Lombard at Once.
The Van Ness Improvement Club, by
President H. E. Law, and the Polt-street
Improvement Club, by President Robeit
Dross, filed petitions with the Board of
Supervisors yesterday, requesting that a
contract for grading down tbe hill on Polk
street, between Greenwich and Lombard
streets, be let at once.
It is probable that unless a lack of
funds prevents the Supervisors will act
favorably on the petition.
Attorney Gartland of the Street Depart
ment sent a communication to the Super
visors yesterday requesting that no more
contracts be let during the rest of this
month in view of the provsions of the
law, which says t at no more than one
twelfth of the funds of any department
shall be expended during any one month.
He says that work now in progress will
eat up the Novemb-r share of tbe Street
Department funds, and that more con«
tracts will only cause complications.
HEW TO-DAY
Interested in good furni-
ture ?
Interested, in low prices ?
Then you'll be interested
in this :
A great big "solid oak bu-
reau (picture above) over
four feet broad, a wealth of
carving, $19.50.
Richest quarter-sawed oak throughout
Polished b" hand.
Carvings are gorgeous; deep, clean-cut-
very effective.
Mirror is Fre ch-plate— that thick glass, you
know; round corners; deep bevel.
Picture gives but an idea,
at best; come and see the
bureau.
If you don't want a bureau
come anyway; let us show j
you how little good furniture^
can be sold for.
Lei us send you a catalogue. Drop a postal;
it's free.
California Furniture Company
(N P Cole & Co) Carpets
117 Geary Street