VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 75.
NANSEN IS
RETURNING
The Arctic Explorer Lands
at a Port on Vardo
Island.
PARTIAL SUCCESS OF HIS
CRUISE.
Traversed the Polar Sea to a
Point North of the New
Siberians.
THE FRAM IS NOW SAILING
HOMEWARD.
Expected to Arrive Off the Coast of
Norway Within a Short
Tim Q .
VARDO, Ible of Vardo, Aug. 9.— Dr.
Nansen, the Arctic explorer, arrived here
to-day. He says that his expedition at
tained one of its objects in traversing the
Polar Bea to a point northward of the New
Siberian Islands, viz. : to latitude 86 dee.
14 mm. north. No land was sighted north
of latitude 82 deg.
After reaching the parallel of 86.14 the
expedition went south to Franz Josefs
Land, where it spent the winter, the mem
bers subsisting on bear flesh and blubber.
Dr. Nansen arrived here on the steamer
Windward, which is conveying provisions
to the Jackson-Harmsworth expedition.
The explorer is perfectly well. The
Fram is expected to arrive at Vardo or
Bereen in a short time. All was well on
board of her when Dr. Nansen left her.
On February 13 the world was startled
by the report that Dr. Nansen had found
land at the north pole, and had planted
the Norwegian flag there. It has been
waiting since then for a denial or confir
mation of that news. It has now received
a denial, and yet the voyage of Nanson
was not barren of results.
Dr. Fridtjof Nansen is a Norwegian
scientist in the pmne of life, being in his
thirty- fourth year. He entered the univer
sity at Christiania in 1880, and in 1882
went as a passenger in the sealing steamer
Viking to Denmark Straits and the east
coast of Greenland, where the vessel be
came icebound in the pack for twenty
four days. He was appointed curator of
tne museum at Bergen in 1882, when he
undertook the leadership of a small expe
dition, consisting of six men all told, to
Greenland, and crossed the southern por
tion of that country from the east coast to
Godhaab, on the west, where tHe party
wintered, returning to Norway in June,
1889.
Nansen then conceived the idea of un
dertaking an expedition to the north pole
by a new route and in a vessel of special
construction. He would build a strongly
braced vessel, get himself frozen in the ice
at a point near where the Jeannette was
lost, and drift right across the Arctic with
the ice pacs over the pole — or so close to
it that the pole could be reached by a dash
over the ice, or over the land, if land
should be found.
The expedition sailed from Christiana
June 24, 1863.. The doctor's plan was to
make for the New Siberian Islands, and
thence sail directly north till the Fram
should be imbedded in the ice, then drift
alone with it, following the west coast of
any land that might De met.
The doctor sent a dispatch from Vardoe,
August 23, 1893, written by Charabowa in
the Yugorski Btraits on the 2d of that
month, reporting that he was about to
sail into the Kara Sea, and that so far the
Fram had behaved splendidly, especially
in forcing her way through the ice.
The Daring Explorer "Who Is Returning From a Quest of the
North Pole.
The San Francisco Call
AMERICAN LABOR GREETS THE CHAMPION OF
PROSPERITY.
A dispatch from London, March 4 of last
year, announced that a letter dated at
Kjolleford, February 24, had reached
Hammerfest, Norway, announcing that a
telegraph inspector at a mountain station
between Lebesy and Langjford saw a
balloon moving in a southeasterly direc
tion and believed that it was possibly car
| rying dispatches from Dr. Nansen.
The Norwegian Parliament gave Dr.
j Nansen about $52,000 in aid of his expedi
tion, and many private subscriptions, in
cluding one of over $5000 from King
Oscar, were added to the fund.
Dr. Nansen's companions were Captain
Otto Sverdrup, ship's master; Sigurd
i^cott Hansen, lieutenant m the Norwe
gian navy and director of the astronom
ical, meteorological and magnetic obser
vations; Henrik Blessing, surgeon and
botanist; Theodore Jacobsen, mate;
Peder Hendriksen, harpooner; Anton
Amundsen, chief engineer; Lars Petter
sen, second engineer; Hjalmar Johan
neson, officer in the Norwegian army,
fireman; Bernard Nordahl, electrician;
Ivan Mogstad, carpenter; and Adolf Juell,
steward.
The doctor married in September, 1889,
Miss Eva Sars, youngest daughter of the
late professor of zoology in the University
of Christiana, M. Sars, and bas one child,
a daughter. Mrs. Nansen, who has a
powerful, musical voice, became a profes
sional singer in her maiden days, and
since her marriage has appeared before the
public on various occasions.
REMOTED THE REGISTRAR.
Silas JPenry to .Hueerrd. Thomas F 'rater
at Bacratn*ntn
WASHINGTON, D. C Aug. 13. -The
President has appointed Silas Penry of
California registrar of the land office at
Sacramento. , George Crosby, also of Cali
fornia, is named as receiver of public
moneys at the same place.
: SACRAMENTO, Cai., Aug. 13.— Thomas
Fraser, the present registrar, does not be
lieve that ht. has ' been supplanted, as his
term does not expire until December. " He
thinks that «ome error was made in the
dispatch and that Crosby . was appointed
receiver, while Silas Penry was appointed
to succeed Crosby as Indian agent in
A mad or County.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, AUGUST 14, 1896.
FLOODS FOLLOW
HEAT'S CARNIVAL.
Furious Storm at Pittsburg
and Many Surround
ing Points.
FIVE PERSONS PERISH
Cecil's Disaster of Two Weeks
Ago Is Repeated at
Dehaven.
GREAT DAMAGE TO PROPERTY.
Four Inches of Rain Fell in One Hour
Many Brave Rescues and
Narrow Escapes.
PITTBBTJRG, Pa., Aug. 13.— A violent
thunder and rainstorm visited Pittsburg
and points within a radius of thirty miles
of the city shortly after 8 o'clock this
morning, resulting in the death of five
persons and the destruction of much prop
erty.
The storm expended its greatest fury in
the valley of Pine Creek, in Hampton
Township, a few miles from this city. At
Dehaven, a small station on the Pittsburg
and Western Railroad, what is popularly
called a cloudburst occurred. Pine Creek,
usually a sluggish stream, was converted
into a roaring river that swept uo the hill
sides, wrecked houses, demolished a large
part of the Butler plank road, blocked the
Pittsburg and Western Road, killed live
stock and ruined farms. Four of the peo
ple who lost their lives were drowned at
Dehayen, and one near the mouth of the
creek at Etna. The dead are:
Mrs. Susan Auld, widow, 74 years of age.
Mrs. Sarah Poppleton, widow, aged 60
years.
Mrs. James Robinson, aged 35 years.
These were drowned At Dehaven, and
Emil Schoeffele, a newsboy, aged 15, was
drowned at Etna.
An unknown man was drowned above
Dehaven and his body has not yet been
recovered.
The disaster at Dehaven which resulted
in the drowning of three women and an
nnicnown man, was identical, even to the
details, with the catastrophe which swept
eight people to death at Cecil, Pa., two
weeks a:o. The only difference was that
the Cecil flood happened in the evening
and this one in the morning.
Soon after daylight dark clouds betran
to gather north of the little village. Rain
had begun to fall about 7 o'clock, but the
shower, thought persistent, was not
heavy. An hour later, however, it sud
denly seemed as if the floodgates of
heaven nad been opened and the water
came down in an almost unbroken sheet.
To add to the terror it was as black as
night.
Mrs. Sarah Poppleton, a widow, lived in
a iwo-story frame house at the head of
the town with her daughter. As the
stream rose to the doors of her house she
began to cry for help. J. C. McAuley, who
lives two houses below, heard her screams,
and wading through the rapidly rising
flood took her and her 10-year-old dauehter
Sarah into the house of James Robinson,
which stood on the other side of the road.
In a small one-story cottage below and
within ten yards of the Popp'eton bouse,
Mrs. Auld and her two grandsons, John,
aged 12. and Wesley, aged 10, were im
prisoned and they were shrieking for aid.
They, too, were taken to the Robinson
house. Immediately after the Auld house
was carried sway and it first lodged
against a tree. All the rubbish that the
bouse carried was piled against it. Finally
it broke and the entire mass of debris was
carried against the Robinson house, which
could not withstand the shock. There
was not a vestige of the house left
The body of Mrs. Poppleron was found
several hours afterward in a cornfield just
below the town. Mrs. Robinson was
found at Burcnfield, two miles below, and
the body of Mrs. Auld was not recovered
until late in the day, and then far down
tbe stream. Little John and Wesley
Anld, floating on part of the side of the
house, managed to cling to trees and were
rescued an hour later.
James Robinson also succeeded in
reaching a tree with a three-year-old
baby. Charles Smith saved little Sarah
Poppleton by swimming after her. Fred
erick Poppleton and McAuley were carried
further than any of the others, but near
the lower end of the town they also got a
refuge in the trees. All of these were
eventually rescued.
In the little village great excitement
prevailed. There were many narrow es
capes in Dehaven and the village of
Burchfield four miles below, but all those
in danger were rescued at great peril.
While the storm was at its worst in De
haven an unknown man was seen coming
down the stream on the roof of an out
building. He disappeared from view and
his body was afterward seen further down
tbe stream, but could not be reached.
The flood subsided almost as quickly as
it rose, leaving the main street of the vil
lage strewn with debris. It is estimated
that in one hour not much less than four
inches of rain fell.
In Pittsburg the water-gauge showed a
downfall of 2.21 inches between 8 and 1:30
o'clock.
At Irwin, Pa., and minor stations on the
Pennsylvania Railroad a flood was caused
by tbe bursting of dams on Brunh Creek
and Tinker Run. More than sixty bouses
were partially submerged, and there were
many rescues and narrow escapes, but no
loss of life is reported. At Irwin the Penn
sylvania Railroad platform was swept
away with tbe freight that was on it. A
number of manufacturing establishments
suffered damace which will amount to
thousands of dollars.
Xeu> York's Deaihrnll Decreases.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 13.— The total
number of deaths from beat to-day was
thirty-six, which is a marked falling off
from the record of the previous two days.
The total number of heat prostrations was
144, or less than one-third of the number
of the previous day.
SPAIN LOOKS TO GROVER
Rumor That the President Will
Take Radical Steps Against
the Cubans.
Protracted Battles and Insignificant
Results Continue to Be Reported
From Havana.
ISEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 13 —A special
dispatch to the Herald from Havana says:
The Diario de la Marina prints a special
from Madrid to the effect that President
Cleveland will soon take radical steps in
favor of the Spanish cause in the Cuban
question, which are calculated to produce
a great sensation throughout the world.
The correspondent bases his prediction
on the editorial leader in La Correspond
encia de Espana, commenting on the re
cent conference between the Duke of
Tetuan, Minister of Foreign Affairs, and
Minister Taylor in San Sebastian.
The Spanish press in general here com
pliments Sagastas on his bellicose utter
ances.
The rebel forces tinder the leadership of
Sartorius in Havana province Tuesday
made an unsuccessful attempt to raid the
towns of Alquizar and San Felipe. In
each instance, however, the rebels were
promptly repulsed by Spanish sharpshoot
ers in the forest on the outskirts. The
loss was trifling.
Unofficial advices received here detail a
hot engagement at San Mieuel station of
the Havana and Matanzas Railway Tues
day between General Ochoa's troops and
Valencia's insurgent forces. The fight
lasted from 7 o'clock in the morning until
noon. Despite the superior number of the
rebels and their repeated charges on the
Spanish troops General Ochoas bravely
held his position until the enemy dispersed
in various directions, carrying their dead
and wounded. Six Spanish soldiers were
wounded, but none were killed. The resi
dents of San Miguel, who witnessed the
fight, eulogize the deportment of Ochoa's
men.
Colonel Guadalajara's battalion, operat
ing around Jaruco, reports a four hours'
engagement yesterday morning with the
rebels commanded by Aguirre, Mirabel
and Araguen in the Castilla hills, near
Ojo de Apua. The rebels were finally
driven from their position after sixteen
were killed. Six Spanish soldiers were
wounded, three mortally.
TOUJfO '€HtirFa>B,Sß^TlSycß.
Will 3 rain for a • Year in a Sew , York
■ "::'- 1' ■••"'-' -'■ \'j - ■- - '-. ■Frinof*. i "■ ~• ; ■•'•". •- ' •. '■ , ";
Jl BROOKLYN, N. V., Aug. 13.-Youn
Griff ; the pugilist, V to-day pleaded guilty
to' the A indictment : charging him with as
sault on William Gottlieb last spring.*; ! He
was sentenced to one year's imprison menC
SEES THE FUTURE;
FORGETS THE PAST
Strange Faculty Possessed
by a Chicago Hospital
Patient.
NATURE'S HIDDEN FORCE
A Californian Who Accurately
Forecasts Events That Are
to Occur.
HIS MEMORY HAS DEPARTED.
Queer Mental Phenomenon Induced
by Attempted Suicide by
Asphyxiation.
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. 13.— One of the
most remarkable mental phenomena ever
brought to the attention of medical scien
tists is now puzzling the physicians of a
Chicago hospital. It is that of a young
Californian who forecasts future events
accurately, describing them as ordinary
persons would events of tbe past, while
his memory of even the most recent hap
penings has disappeared.
On the Fourth tit July last Franklin
Hart, a young man from California, visit
ing friends on the East Side, suddenly dis
appeared. As nothing was heard of or
from the missing man after tne lapse of
several days his father, living in Trinity
County, Cal., was communicated with.
He at once came to Portland and Detec
tive W. H. W elsh was placed at his dis
posal to find his son. About the 23d of
July the fact was established that young
THE MEXICAN CUSTOM-HOUSE AT NOGALES, SONORA.
Around this building the battle of Wednesday between Santa Teresa's fanatics and citizens of the town
waged furiously for hours. The revolutionists gained an entrance to the building after slaying two of the
guards, but were repulsed with heavy loss.
Hart did not commit suicide here, for the
data in a transcontinental railway office
snowed ihat on the afternoon of the 4th
of July he bought a tourist's ticket to
Chicago. Why he should do this without
saying a word to any of his friends was
another mystery requiring clearing up.
Hart returned to California on July 31,
not entirely hopeless though, for he re
quested the Chicago authorities to com
municate with him directly should his son
be found.
The most startling phase of this episode
is narrated in a letter from the elder Hart,
written in Chicago and received here yes
terday. The old gentleman relates tn*at
when he reached home be found a tele
gram awaiting him, announcing the dis
covery of his son in a Chicago hospital.
He lost no time in reaching that city, find
ing Franklin in the County Hospital, in a
convalescent condition.
Hart ascertained that his son arrived in
Chicago on July 12, stopping at the Pal
mer House. On the second night there he
actually did attempt suicide by asphyxia
tion with gas. When discovered hin
chances for recovery were about one in v
hundred. The peculiarity of the case
spurred on the doctors in the County
Hospital, whither he was sent, to extra
ordinary efforts, solely, perhaps, for the
making of a professional record, and young
Hart's life was saved. His mind, though,
was left in a phenomenal condition.
"While Franklin's physical condition is
so good that he will be able to leave the
hospital in a day or two," writes Hart,
"his mental state startles me. His mental
vision is supernaturally perspective, in
stead of being retrospective, and the
physicians here tell me that there is no
parallel case on record in any part of the
civilized globe. They claim ihat tne
phenomenon demonstrated in my son's
mentality is one of the many hidden
forces in human nature. In ordinary con
versation Franklin js as lucid as ever, yet
it is difficult for him to recall past events
without hard study. For instance, when
I referred to his Portland visit and his de
parture from there, it took him two days
to recall the more important events, as
they had altogether passed from his
memory since t ho almost tragic affair at
the Palmer House."
The writer adds that the phenomenon
in his son's mind consists of his mental
anticipation of events ; as, for instance, the
day prior to Mr. Hart's arrival in Chicago
Franklin repeated almost verbatim to the
doctor attending him the conversation he
had with his father eight hours later.
Tbe singular and 1 unheard-of metamor
phosis of young Hart's mental vision
consists of its . power to read
all manner of events, even of the most
trifling import, forty-eight hours in ad
vance, with the same distinct clearness
that the healthy, normal mind conjures
up the past.
Another remarkable condition of Frank
lin's mind, writes Hart, is that after the
consummation of an event which he has
forecast he is utterly unable to remem
ber it.
"Last Frday," concluded the writer,
"Franfclin told me that he on that day re
ceived a letter from his mother. I knew
it was an hallucination, but I asked him
what it contained, so he repeated to me
wnat he imagined had been written to
him. The day following he, indeed, got a
letter from his mother, without the slight
est variation from his prophetic tpvela
tion. Every hour in the day my son
startles me and the doctors by some evi
dence of his wonderful mental vision."
In conclusion, Hart writes that before
returning home with his son he will take
him to New York, where he will consult
the best specialists on mental diseases,
and, if necessary, he will take the young
man to Europe if there is any possibility
o! restoring him to his normal mental
health.
CONVICTED AT HOLLISTER.
Life Imprisonment the Punishment Meted
Meted to the Slayer of Charles
Hardwick.
HOLLISTER, Cal., Aug. 13.— 1t took a
jury just twenty minutes to-day to decide
the fate of Francis M. Conkling, the mur
derer of Charles N. Hardwick in this
county in February, 1895. The verdict
was guilty of murder in the first degree,
with the penalty fixed at imprisonment
for life. Only one juror was in favor of
hanging.
This was Conkling's second trial, he
having been convicted of murder in the
first degree and sentenced in May, 1895.
The Supreme Court granted him a new
trial on the ground that the jurors went
outside the courtroom and experimented
to test the truthfulness of his evidence.
The present case was tried before Judge
Conley of Madera.
.Hardwick was the lessee of a tract of
land over which Conkling had been in the
habit of traveling, but the road had been
closed and Conkling forbidden to use it.
On the day before the killing he destroyed
the fence across the road and the next day
came down armed with a rifle. Prior to
his return Hardwick went with a hatchet
to mend the gap and shortly after Conk
ling passed. Harnwick was found d»>ad
by his young brother at dusk, lying flat on
his face close to the fence, a bullet having
penetrated his left arm, sixth rib and the
heart and lungs.
Conkling in his defense claimed that
Hardwitk threw a rock at him and started
toward him with a hatchet, when he shot
to save himself.
Start for >Crat*r Lake.
ASHLAND, Or., Aug. 13.— Some sixty
five members of the Mazama Society from
Portland and various sections of the
Northwest, beside several from California
points, arrived here on last night's and
this morning's trains. A crowd of forty
started on the excursion to Crater Lake
this morning. Others will start later in
the week. A large number of people are
at Medford, where a start for the same
destination is to be made. Accommoda
tions have been arranged for 200 excur
sionists. Among ihe members of the
party is the United States Fish Commis
sion. A sea serpent that is seen in Crater
Lake periodically is reported to have
showed up during the past week to lend
an additional attraction.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MOURNING
IN NOGALES,
Seven Defenders of the
Town Borne to the
Grave.
PURSUIT OF THE BAND
OF RAIDERS.
Large Forces Sent to Capture a
Yaqui Gang Camped on
American Soil.
FEAR OF A SECOND ATTACK
IS PAST
The Filibusters Not Likely to Return
After Their Defeat of
Wednesday.
NOGALEB, Bostora, Aug. 13.— News wa*
brought to town this afternoon that a
large band of Yaqui Indians was camped
at Huevavi. on the Santa Cruz River,
eight miles north of Nogales, in the United
States. A company of soldiers under Colo
nel Bacon left on special train at 3 o'clock
to capture them. If the Yaquis are found
to be an armed body they will be taken
on suspicion of being members of the gang
that raided Sonora yesterday. Four of
the Indians engtfged in the fight were
trailed toward this camp this morning.
Colonel Kosterlitki, with forty picked
men, started to-night on the trail of the
filibusters. He will be joined by a com
pany of Mexican cavalry, which arrived
at 4 o'clock this afternoon. A number of
the Indians are still in the mountains on
the Mexican side of the line, and soldiers
will attempt to bring them out.
The seven officers and citizens slain in
yesterday's battle were buried to-day. TUe
entire town was in mourning, as all wera
well liked. Juan Fernandez was the cash
ier of the Mexican custom-house, and a
relative of high officials in the Mexican
Government
He and Chief of Police Ponciano Sanchez
were killed by the Indians from ambush
and did not get a chance for life.
It is believed the revolution is at an
-end, for a time at least, as the Indians
met witn such a hot reception that they
will not likely attempt it again. Every
one caught on the Mexican side supposed
to be a sympathizer will be arrested.
Late last nierht another man was caught
going out with provisions and ammuni
tion on the route taken by the Indians in
their retreat. This makes three prisonars
taken.
Soldiers will be kept on both sides of tbe
line until the excitement is over. One
company of United States cavalry arrived
at the line to-night from Fort Huachuca,
to remain in this vicinity until all danger
is past.
sa a xa tkhesa's followers.
■ ■ -.' ' . '■:■ ■ ' ■ '- - ■ .
-
Strange fanaticism Created by Faith in
Her Power to Meal.
Dr. H. E. McVay, post surgeon at th«
Alcatraz Island military station,; spent
several months in Arizona and is able to
give an interesting description of Nogales
arid the fanatics who made the attack on
the Mexican portion ;of the town on
Wednesday. > Dr. McVay in 1893 was de
tailed as r surgeon and ! physician to the
International Boundary Commission that
acted in conjunction with a Mexican com
mission in the re-establishment of the
boundary line between the United States
and Mexico. The first ■ boundary was
established j in . 1855 ; by Major Emory, but
in subsequent years cowboys desiring to
occupy desirable lands south of the line
removed the - small monuments \ over on
Mexican soil, sometimes two miles from
the line. ■; . In : many instances the Apache
Indians destroyed the monuments alto
get her out of sheer devilment.
i.s The ? monuments \ put • up : by the com
mission "consisted of concrete bases, granite
blocks. and 600- pound bolted shafts of cast
iron, six feet high.. These • extend " from2
National City, Cal., to El Paso on the
Colorado.
While on this expedition Dr. McVay
savmuch of the Mexicans, the Yaqui In
dians and the now lamous or perhaps
notorious Santa Teresa de Cabora. In
speaking of the town of No/ajes. Sonora,
the scene of the recent bloody affray, Dr.
McVay stated that it was a curiosity to
the ordinary American citizen. It will be
remembered that the dividing Hne be
twean the two republics runs directly
through the center of the town, and that
by standing on International street one
may have one foot on Mexican soil and
the other on United States possessions.
The north and sout i sides of the town
are as distinct as can be imagined. On
the American side all the American char
acteristics are to be seen— electric lights,
good houses and energetic citizens. On
the south side it is a striking contrast
adobe houses, poorly lighted streets, lazy,
happy-go-easy Mexicans and indolent
half-breeds, and Yaqui Indians, to say
nothing of dogs, are to be seen on all
sides.
In two respects, however, the Mexican
side has an advantage. It possesses a fine
custom-house and a well-organized police
force, both of which figured prominently
in the recent attack.
In discussing the Yaqui Indians Dr.
McVay said that he saw much of the
tribe, but from all appearances they w«re
not an aggressive people. On the contrary
the Yaquis were more a subjective trib.-,
and their general appearance would never
lead one to believe that they were in any
way responsible for tlie recent uprising.
"It is more than likely," said he, "that
the fanatical followers of Santa Teresa,
the Mestiza woman (one in whose veins
flows the blood of both the ancient Aztecs
and the Spanish conquerors of Mexico),
induced the Indians to join in the attack
upon the customs officers of Nogales.
Further to the south, near Hermossillo, or
about 100 miles from Nogales on the
Yaqui River, the Indians are more war
like, and this condition has been brought
about by their being oppressed by the Mex
ican Government. I hardly believe that
these warriors have joined the fanatical
mob that attacked Nogales yesterday.
All of the Yaquis that I saw were given to
the peaceable pursuits of life. Many
hunted with tbeir primitive weapons and
sold the results of the chase in the Amer
ican side of Nogales. The majority fol
low agriculture.
"A number of writers have pictured the
Yaqui men as fine, manly fellows and the
women as beautiful specimens of aborigi
nal femininity. All the men I saw were
undersized, not finely formed, and the
women were ordinary squaws, hardly
fairly good-looking when young and posi
tively repulsive in tbeir old age, which
condition is reached by. the tim* they are
30 years old. One cannot expect much
beauty in a woman who is compelled to
pack wood and water ten miles to make a
living for herself, her husband and her
children. In fact, the whole tribe is rated
as lower than the humblest Mexican peon,
and that is pretty low. They are not a
vicious people, and in point of honesty
and in their family relations their morals
are as good as tne average. This may be
accounted for by the fact thai, they are ail
Roman Catholics.
"When I was in Nogales I was curious
to ccc this Santa Teresa, the cause of so
many uprisings. At that time she was in
Calabasas, Ariz., having been exiled by
the Mexican authorities of the State of
Sonora. One day several of us went to see
this remarkable young woman, and we
found her surrounded by a large, mixed
following of Mexicans, halfbreeds, peons
and Indians. Among them were the
lame, halt and diseased of every descrip
tion. They claimed that she cured all
afflictions by the laying on of hands, and
if half of the cures were effected as claimed
she was indeed a wonder. She holds the
crowd by her personal magnetism, and
her followers are always anxious to do
her bidding, no matter how foolish it
may be.
"The woman seems to have a bitter ani
mosity toward the Mexican powers that
be, and the wish of her life is to overthrow
the Diaz Government. Several of our
party spoke with her, though I did not,
and she impressed all as being a pleasant
sort of young Mexican woman. She w,as
then about 25 years of age. While she had
a pleasant face, it was not particularly
beautiful, although many rate her as being
bo. I was particularly impressed with
her dirty, slovenly appearance, and her
general untidy condition. Possibly this
may be excused on account of the
scarcity of water in that section. At that
time she wa3 living in a poorly furnished
old adobe house, which was difficult to ap
proach on account of her unsavory pa
tients, who bung about her at all times in
the belief that she could cure them of
their ills.
"This Santa Teresa seems to have al
ways had the Bupport of Lf-on Aguirre's
revolutionary paper, which has no estab
lished circulation. It has no regular place
of publication and the places where it is
printed are kept as secret as possible, as
the agents of the Mexican Government
are always on the track of the publisher
and his adherents. Between the publica
tion of- tbis sheet and Santa Teresa's in
citing her followers to rebellion and riot,
the Mexican authorities in Northern
Mexico are kept busy. The United States
authorities have investigated the paper
and the fanatical ieader several times to
see that the international treaties were
not being violated, but on every occasion
neither was lound to be of sufficient im
The Street on Which the Nogales (Sonora) Raiders Entered the Town, and Through Which They
Were Forced to Retrace Their Steps.
portaftce to warrant interference. There
is no doubt but that Aguirre is responsi
ble for tbe present uprising of their fol
lowers. If tbe Yaqui Indians have been
drawn into the muss, It was caused, no
doubt, by the natural Indian love of
trouble and the prospect of plunder.
"I believe that this, like all previous up
risings under Santa Teresa, will be short
lived and not extend far beyond their
present confines. Should tha Yaquis fur
ther down the river be drawn into the
fight, tbe trouble might last longer and
require greater efforts on the part of the
authorities to suppress."
Santa Teresa was born on Palo Farad o
ranch, near No ales, Sonora. Her real
name is Teresa Urrea. At the age of 16
years Teresa was disappointed in love.
Her faithlecs fiance wedded another dark
hued and black-haired maiden. Her lov
er's infidelity was a serious matter to
Teresa, and while prostrated with nerv
ousness she fell into a trance or cataleptic
spell which lasted a whole week. Her
eyes were fixed and classy as if in death,
yet she made a show of breathing and her
pulse was slow and regular. Her parents
did not give up in despair, but forced
liquid nourishment down her throat,
which she mechanically swallowed. On
the eighth day she came out of her trance
and related to her wondering parents and
friends how she had been out of the body
and present with the saints and the de
parted.
Immediately upon her recovery she
began her healing work. Her process is
hypnotic in character, although she does
in some instances cive medicine. The
young woman is now only 23 years old.
SETTLES HIS SHORTAGE,
A Bank Employe of South Bend
Shoots Himself Through
the Heart.
For Many Years He Had Skillfully
Concealed From the Examiner a
Big Discrepancy.
SOUTH BEND, lm>., Aug. 13 Josiah
E. Kelly, assistant cashier and paying
teller at the First National Bank, the
oldest and wealthiest in the city, shot him
self through the heart yesterday. The
deed was done at 2 o'clock in the after
noon, but tbe fact was not discovered un
til night. His death disclosed the fact
that be was a defaulter to a large amount.
Bank Examiner Vance arrived here very
unexpectedly yesterday and called at tbe
First National Bank. It happened that
Kelley, who always run over the deposit
ledger with tbe examiner, could not do so,
and tbe matter had to be lelt with Charles
Ziecler, who has had charge of that ledger
since 1891, Kelley having it before that
time.
In this examination the examiner dis
covered a big discrepancy and went at
once to Cashier Kimball and asked him to
explain it.
Kimball referred him to Kelley, who
had seemed somewhat disturbed by the
sudden appearance of the examiner- Kel
ley was busy at the time and Vance went
to another bank, saying that he would soon
return.
About 2 o'clock Kelley suddenly disap
peared without coat or hat. At nrst noth
ing was thought of it, but later those at
the bank became worried about bis non
appearance and telephoned to his brother.
The brother could not find him, and finally
went to his residence, where his body was
found in the basement with a bullet bole
through the heart.
From the dead man's pockets were
taken letters to Bank Examiner Vance,
to Captain Ed B. Reynolds, another
friend, and also to his wife and brother.
The letter to the examiner snid there was
a shortage of $24,108, which he had been
able to conceal since 1891 by going over
the books with the examiner. There was
nothing missing since 1891. He said that
his estate would make good the loss, he
being insured heavily.
Kelley, who had been connected with
the Dank as a trusted employe for twenty
seven years, was a society leader and was
47 years of age. He was a man of luxu
rious tastes and moved in the best so
ciety.
Kelley's defalcation will not cripple the
First National Bank, as it is one of the
wealthiest in Northern Indiana.
SKELETONS UNCOVERED.
Evidence of Terrible Crimea Found in
West Virginia.
HUNTINGTON, W. Va., Aug. 13.— The
bones of two, and possibly three, human
skeletons were found yesterday in Wayne
County, twenty miles south of this city,
under the floor of an old log house. Part
of the bones are supposed to be those of
Miss Bessie Clarke, a young woman who
disappeared about five years ago.
Another part are thought to be those of
a peddler who disappeared in the same lo
cality afterward.
The house, which is now deserted, was
until recently occupied by Joseph Jordan,
and the girl was living in the house when
she disappeared. Jordan now lives in
Kentucky and is dying of consumption.
The bones were found packed away in lime
and charred wood about six feet beneath
the surface. Experts say that there is no
doubt that some of the bones, especially
one of the skulls, are those of a young
woman.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1896.
HANNA'S IDEA OF
BRYAN'S SPEECH,
The Republican Committee
man Thinks It Is a
■'Skimmer."
GREAT ISSUES AVOIDED
Says the Nebraskan Is Trim
ming His Sails to an
Eastern Ereeze.
PROGRESS CF THE CAMPAIGN
Benjamin Harrison Preparing the
Material He Will Use in
His Address,
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 13.— Three United
States Senators — Messrs. Shoup of Idaho,
Mitchell of Oregon and Nelson of Minne
sota — spent part of to-day at the Republi
can National headquarters »nd conferred
with Chairman Hanna on the organisa
tion, plans and needs cf the party in their
respective States.
Senator Snoup is returning home from
an Eastern trip, prepared to lead the loyal
Republicans of Idaho In their fight against
bolters. Democrats and Populists on the
free-silver issue. He admits there is a big
fight before him, but he told Mr. Hanna
to count on Idaho in the Republican
column.
Senator Nelson, who has been making
numerous stump speeches in Minnesota,
principally among the Scandinavians,
said: "The sober second thought of the
people in the farming communities of my
State will change the minds of many who
were first taught by the silverites. The
Republicans of Minnesota will remain
loyal to their party principles and be
amenable to 'argument and common
sense on this money question. Tbe State
is safely Republican."
Senator Mitchell is also on his way
home from the Eapt and intends opening
the campaign vigorously as soon as he ar
rives. He said the tariff, in its relation to
wool especially, would play an important
part in the Oregon campaign in McKin
ley's favor. His judgment was that the
State would go Republican.
Referring to the indorsement of the Illi
nois Democratic ticket by the People's
party yesterday, Mr. Hanna said to a re
porter of the United Associated Presses:
"My theory is that these Populistic in
dorsements will drive away regular Demo
cratic votes, but I don't know anything
about the net results. My policy is and
will be that of non-interference with Pop
ulist conventions. In spite of reports to
the contrary I have never sent a man nor
spent a nickel to influence tbe Populists
one way or another. I think this is best
for the principles we espouse. New align
ments are being made, and for the best in
terests of our country the Republican
party will stand boldly within its lines."
Hanna said he had partly read Mr.
Bryan's speech of acceptance and made
this comment: "I thought it very much
of a skimmer. From the general tone and
direction of the speech, contrasted with
the platform, it seems to me Mr. Bryan is
trimming 'his sails to catch the Eastern
breeze of Democratic votes."
General Powell Clayton wired Perry
Heath to-day from New York, asking for
a copy of the Chicago convention proceed
ings, for the especial use of Benjamin
Harrison on the stump. Tiiere are no
copies in existence, aside from reports in
the Chicaeo daily newspapers and this
kind of copy will be furnished the ex-
President.
Ex-Congressman Horr was assigned to
day to the following lowa cities to speak :
Webster City, August 24; Denison, 26;
Cherokee, 28; Missouri Valley, 31; Bed
ford, September 2.
NEW YORKERS DISAPPOINTED.
Expected Bryan to Sour in Oratory, and
&0 Simply Read Bis Speech.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 13.-The
Evening Sun, in commenting upon Hon.
William J. Bryan's speech at the ratifica
tion meeting last night, says:
'•The Hon. William Jennings Bryan ex- i
pected to stampede a New York audience
as be did the J Chicago convention. He
didn't. Instead of being exhilarated they
were bored. ./A little was enough ! for
them. Having satisfied their curiosity as
to the man of borrowed ideas, many took
their hats and went away. . In the face of
adverse circumstances the reader strug
gled on to the end. Instead of sweeping
over his hearers like a winged storm, he
gasped painfully through' a cut and dried
piece that was ineffectual, wearisome and
dull." .-I ■;'. -■/;.■...■■..;.■.■. I;- :■.- ■ ■ ■ ,- :.
The Post says: "We have now had Mr.
Bryan in two characters— that of a dema
gogue and that of a solemn economist.
If anything could make us prefer the for
mer role it wonld he his performance of
the latter. Uu conception of the dema
gogue part was very poor. But all these
misconceptions of his role are as nothing
compared with the gross, the incredible
ignorance he displayed when he essayed
the character uf a profound economist. '
The Commercial Advertiser says: "Fiym
this hour the triumph of Americanism
and the cause of public honor is assured.
The reckless demagogues at the head of
the faotion which herali ed the stage of
riot and repudiation at Chicaeo have
played tbeir last important onrd and
failed completely, miserably and igno
miniously."
The News says: "Mr. Bryan's speech
was not what his enemies expected it
would be. Those who came to hear a
'boy orator' «with cyclonic Western man
nerisms were woefully disappointed. They
saw a grave, dignified, handsome man,
and they listened to an exhaustive, argu
mentative, logical and impressive arraign
ment 04." the party of the classes and an
eloquent appeal for the preservation of
the princh'les of Jefferson, Jackson and
Lincoln. It was the effort of a statesman."
PROBIBITIOS NOTIFICATION.
A. Small but Eloquent and Enthusiastic
Chicago Sleeting.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 13.— Hale John
son of Newton, 111., was formally notified
in the auditorium of the association
building to-night of his nomination by
the Prohibition convention at Pittsburg
for the office of Vice- President of the
United States. Mr. Johnson was nomi
nated for Governor of Illinois by the Pro
hibitionists last April, but resigned when
the higher nomination came. There was
a small audience, but it was not lacking
fn enthusiasm. The heat probably kept
many away.
Hon. John H. Lamont of Rockford, 111.,
presided. Rev, Oliver W. Stewart of
Mackinac, 111., president of the Illinois
Christian Endeavor Union, mads an elo
quent speech as chairman of the notifica
tion committee, apprising the nominee of
the honor conferred upon him. He said
no greater calamity could befall the Nation
than to have the party pass out of exist
ence. It represented the hope of the un
employed, although they might not
know it.
In accepting the nomination Mr. John
son scathingly arraigned the old parties
on the charge of responsibility for con
tinuance of the liquor traffic, its growth
and its power in politics, and for deceiv
ing the people by promising good times
with each new National administration,
and not fulfilling such promises. He
agreed with those who believed a return
to the free coinage of silver was necessary
to keep the circulating medium in proper
proportion to the population, but he did
not believe free coinage would bring per
manent benefit, because more money
would be wasted in saloons. Addresses
were also made by Chairman Dickie of the
National Committee and F. T. McWhirter
of Indianapolis.
THIRD PARTY CONVENTION.
Arrangements to Hold It September 'J
Almost Completed.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Aug. 13.—Busi
ness at the National Democratic party
headquarters is now in full running order.
The call for the National Convention of
September 2 was mailed to tbe various
States to-day, and an inquiry was sent
asking the members of the provisional Na
tional Convention to report at once the
dates of the State conventions called for
the purpose of electing delegates to the
National Convention. So far as reported
here the following calls for conventions
have been issued: Vermont, August 18;
Maine, August 20; Texas, August 2">; Ken
tucky August 25; Illinois, August 25; New
York, August 27.
In tills State no State convention will be
held, but on August 26 a mas convention
will oe held in each Congressional district
for the purpose of electing delegates to
tbe State convention, nominating electors
and electing permanent members of the
State committee. The matter of selecting
delegates at large and nominating electors
at large will probably be delegated to the
State committee.
The executive committee has the prom
ise that some very prominent men in the
politics of the Nation will attend the con
vention here in September. Amon.- those
expecied are Bourke Cockran, ex-Gover
nor Thomas Waller of Connecticut, Gen
eral Bragg and Senator Vilas of Wiscon
sin, Senator Gray of Delaware, Senator
Palmer of Illinois and Senator Caffery of
Louisiana.
IOWA'S DEMOCRATIC GOLDITES.
Preparing to Bold a Convention on
August 96.
DES MOINES, lowa, Aug. 13. — The
provisional State committee of the lowa
Sound Money Democracy met here to-day
and called a State convention of the Na
tional Democratic party for August 26 in
this city. All the members of the com
mittee were present or , represented by
pioxy. The meeting was long, and it was
determined to have the convention a dele
gate body, rather than a mass-gathering.
The call is address d to all Sound Money
Democrats, and it recites that in 1860 a
great conspiracy came very near turning
the Democratic party over to > the 'enemies
of the Government, and now another and
greater conspiracy has come near to turn
ing the party control over to the adherents
of repudiation and National dishonor.
J. E. Markley of Mason City was named
for temporary" chairman, and W. I. Babb.
of Mount Pleasant will be recommended
for permanent chairman. The committee
took no action with reference to the ques
tion of putting State ; and ■ Congressional
tickets in ' the field. The unanimous
opinion, however, was that the Sound
Money Democratic ticket in the State
would" be a good move from every point of
view. . . - ."- / ,-, .' ' ;,';, ,
3"o Fi/iioii in Wyoming.
ROCK SPRINGS, Wyo., Aug. 13.— The
Democratic State Convention met to-day.
Walter R. Stall of Laramie County was
elected permanent chairman. The busi
ness before the convention was the nomi
nation of a Congressman, a Justice of the
State Supreme Court, a District Judge in
each judicial district and the selection of
a State central committee.
The convention indorsed the National
platform of t c Democratic party, adopted
at Chicago, declared strongly for Bryan
and free silver and denounced the mone
tary plank in the Republican platform.
L. C. Tidball. representing the Populists,
desired a conference with the convention,
and such being granted, demanded that
the convention indorse William Brown of
Sheridan County, the Populist nominee
for Congress. The convention declined to
do so by a vote of 88 to 16 and adjourned
till this evening, when the matter will
again bo taken up.
This evening the convention nominated
ex-Governor John E. O^borne for Con
gress and C. H. Burrettof Johnson County
for Supreme Judge. A strong silver plat
form was adopted and a telogram sent by
the convention to Bryan pledging him the
electoral vote of Wyoming.
Favorable to fusion.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Aur. 13.— At a meet-
Ing of the Populist State executive com
miaee to-night, behind closed doors, J. H.
Edmifcton of Omaha was made chairman
of the State committee and Lincoln se
lected as headquarters. The sentiment
was favorable to fusion witti free-silver
Democrats on the State and National tick
ets, but the Populists will insist on nam
ing candidates of their own for Congress
in the five districts outside the Firsi
Broke the Ballot Record.
THREE RISERS, Mich.. Aug. 13.-The
deadlock in the Fourth District Repub
lican Congressional Convention was broken
late this afternoon, L. P. Hamilton getting
the nomination on the three hundred ana
forty-sixth ballot.
MORE VETERANS
VISIT McKINLEY,
Members of the Hundred
and Fourth Ohio Volun
teers Welcomed.
PATRIOTIC REPUBLICANS
Happy References of the Nominee
to the Passing of Sec
tionalism.
HONORS PAIP THE HOSTESS-
Callers at C nton, With Assurances
of Support, Are Increasing
Daily.
CANTON, Ohio, Aug. 13.— Two hundred
members of the One Hundred and Fourth
Ohio Volunteers called on Major McKin
ley at noon to-day. William JMonahan,
ex-Consul at Hamilton, Ontario, made
some remarks on behalf of his comrades
and Major McKlnley delivered a happy
impromptu speech, in which, af;er thank
ing the visitors for remembering him, he
said in part:
"The bitterness of the war has long*
since disappeared. The resentments have
gone out of the hearts of the old soldiers
and the people who supported them in the
great conflict on both sides. Sectional
ism has given place to National spirit and
patriotism has smoothed the austerities of
partyism, while the preservation of the
National honor constitutes the great aim
and purpose of ail patriotic American
citizens. [Loud cheering.]
"It is not, my fellow-comrades, what we
say of you, as Mr. Lincoln put it at
Gettysburg; it is what you did which will
live. You have given to yourselves a
great name and to your children a rich
legacy, because you served in the holiest
cause which "" mankind ever engaged in —
the cause of the Union, of freedom and of
civilization— a cause which has done so
much tor mankind everywhere. What
we want to do now is to take care of the
future. You cannot upbraid yourselves
for any lack of patriotism in the past.
The future is now our trust and in our
keeping and let us see to it that t: c Gov
ernment which was preserved through
your valor and the millions of your com
rades shall be preserved forever—[tremen
dous applause] — preserved not only to the
present, but to those who are to come
hereafter.
"1 thank you, my comrades, for the
warm and eloquent expression of good
will spoken by your chairman. His trib
ute moves me deeply. I know something
of the service of the old One Hundred and
Fourth Ohio in war, and I know some
thing of your services as citizens in peace,
for I believe mat this regiment came from
the counties which for years constituted
the Congressional district which by your
partiality I had the honor to so long rep
resent. I am glad to welcome you here
and I shall be gratified to meet each of
you personally, and I am certain that
Mrs. McKinley will be pleased to meet the
ladies who are connected with the old One
Hundred and Fourth Ohio." [Great ap
plause.]
A number of ladies accompanied the
One Hundred and Fourth Ohio, and they
informed Mrs. McKinlny that they had
formed the first tent organization of the
Daughters of Veterans, and that it is called
the Mrs. Major MeKinley tent.
Major McKinley had a very active day.
After the call of the veterans he attended.
a reunion here of the Third Ohio Battery
and took lunch with the old artillerymen
at the residence of Captain W. S. Wil
liams. It was an informal affair, but
Major McKinley was called so persistently
and urgently for a speech that he finally
responded. It was his third talk to old
soldiers within twenty-four hours and was
as happy and effective as the two previous
speeches.
Major McKinley's callers are increasing
day by day. They come in the morning
before he has finished his breakfast and
often come in to shake hands as late as 10
o'clock at night. One caller to-day was
W. E. Durbin of Indiana. Mr. Durbin is
a member of the Republican National
Executive Committee and is charged to a
considerable extent with the conductor
the campaign in his State. He thinks
that the outlook is much brighter than it
hat) been at any time.
James R. Dunn of Massillon, fcrmer
president of the League of American
Wheelmen, has undertaken the task of
organizing the bicycle riders of the coun
try for McKinley. They will be organized
into clubs and each man who is for the
Republican ticket will be given a hand
some little pennant for his wheel.
NAMED A. WOMAM ELECTOR.
Mrs. Sarah Malloy May Represent
Wyoming in the Electoral College.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Aug. 13.— The
Wyoming Republican Convention, after
twenty-four hours' wrestling in commit
tee over a satisfactory plank, this after
noon adopted the following resolution
without a dissenting voice:
"We favor the free coinage of gold and
silver into standard money, as expressed
in our former platforms, under such lßgii~
lation as will guarantee that all our money
shall remain on an equality."
This is apparently satisfactory to both
the gold and silver factions in the State.
The nominations marie are : For Congress,
F. W. Mondell, the present representa
tive; for Supreme Judge, H. V. S. Froes
bt'ck, the present Chief Justice; for Presi
dential electors — W. P. Brittttin of Sheri
dan County, Benjamin Howell of Sweet
water County, and Mrs. Sarali Malloy of
Laramie County. Mrs. Malloy is th« wife
of the superintendent of the Union Pacific
Railway lines In Wyoming, and is the
mother of four children. Bhe has always
voted the Republican ticket, while her
husband has voted the Democratic. She
has accepted the nomination.
Apaley'a Western Trip.
WASHINGTON, P. C, Aug. 13.-Vice-
Chairman Apsley of the Republican Con*
gressional Committee and Representative
McCall of Massachusetts left '-"^t evening
for their trip through the W st. They
will be gone five or six we es, and will
visit the Statrs of Nebraska, Kansas, Min
nesota, the Uakotas, Colorado, California,
Oregon and Washington.
Split in Labor Ranks.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 13.-At the
meeting between the executive committees
of the KuifeUts of Labor and Glassworkers
a formal separation took place to-day. Mr.
Cake of the Glassworkers, speaking of the
separation, said : "We are 6000 strong and
will do better by pot being tied up by an
other order. The Knights are all for
Bryan, while a majority of the Glass
workers are for McKmley."
BRYAN'S FUTURE MOPEMENTS.
Will Seek Some QuUt Spot to Write Bis
Letter of Acceptance.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 13.— Mr. and
Mrs. Bryan were at home to visitors in
the ladies' parlor of the Windsor Hotel
to-day. At 10 o'clock Treasurer St. John
summoned' Bryan to a conference with
Senators Tillman of South Carolina,
Walsh of Georgia, Blackburn of Kentucky
and Representative Benton of Tennessee,
Af ier the conference a start was made
for the Windsor Hotel. There was no
demonstration when Bryan arrived. Mrs.
Bryan stood between her husband and
Sewall. The programme announced by
St. John was that there should be no
handshaking, but that programme was
disregarded. Every one of the 400 who
attended the reception snook hands with
euch of the three. The reception lasted
less than an hour.
Mr. Bryan is much pleased with this
meeting and regards it as a tremendous
success. From 12 to 1 o'clock Bryan in
formally received members ot the National
Committee and of the notification com
mittee.
Legs than 100 women accepted the invi
tation to meet Mrs. Bryan and Mrs. Bland
at a reception held for women only in tbe
parlors of the Windsor Hotel, at Forty
sixth street and Sixth avenue this aiter
noon. It was probably because the recep
tion had not been properly announced
that the attendance was so small. Mrs.
St. John escorted Mrs. Bryan. Mrs. Bland
and Mrs- Stewart to the room and the
women flocked around them. There was
a Kind oi formal handshaking and then
the rest of the reception hour was passed
in informal chatting.
It has been decided that Mr. Bryan will
enter actively into tbe campaign on or
about September 1 and continue on the
stump until election day. To obtain
needed rest and to prepare his letter of
acceptance before his speech-making be
gins, he will spend the next two weeks at
some qaiet place, not yet decided upon.
The vbit to Bath, Me., will therefore be
postponed until tbe latter part of Sep
tember, when Mr. Bryan will make a
number of speeches in New England.
To a representative of the United Asso
ciated presses Mr. Bryan made the follow
ing explanation of the reading of his noti
fication speech:
"Knowing vhat it would be printed in
foil, I thought it more important ihat il
should reach in correct form the millions
who will read it than that the delivery
should please the few thousands who were
present. It is always unfortunate when a
speaker is compelled to read a political
speech, but in this instance I thought it
best not to risK the errors which always
creep into the report of an extemporane.
ous speech."
WORTH CAROLINA, POPULISTS.
Their Call on the Lerjislaturc to Make All
. United State* Coins Legal Tender.
RALEIGH, N. C, Aug. 13—Congress
man Harry Skinner was elected - perma
nent chairman of the Populist State Con
vention to-day. The platform reaffirms
the National platform, and as to State
i matters indorses the present county gov
i ernment and election ' laws, and calls on
the Legislature to exercise the power to
make nil United States coins legal tender.
; W. A. Guthrie of Durham was nomi
nated for Governor on the first ballot. -
The convention completed its ticket to
night as follows: For Lieutenant-Gov
ernor, Oliver H. Dockerv; Secretary of
State, Cyrus Thompson ; Treasurer, W. A.
Worth; Auditor, H. ;W. Ayer; Superin
tendent of Public Instruction, C, H. Me
bane; Attorney-General, Z. V. Walzer, I
Went Virginia Ifemncrats.
WHEELING, W. Va., Ang. 13.-The
Democratic State Convention stretched
itself throughout to-day and far into the
night W. H. Boggs of Pendleton County
was nominated for Auditor on the second
ballot. J. W. Tucker of Wirt County got
the nomination for State Treasurer on the
third ballot. Vircil A. Lewis was nomi
nated for Superintendent of Public
Schools, T. S. Riley renominated for At
torney-General by acclamation, and for
Judge of the Supreme Court John Holt of
Cabell County won easily. At 11 o'clock
to-night the election of Presidential elect
ors was left to the Democratic and Popu
list executive committees. This arrange
ment shortened the session and an ad
journment was ordered.
ATTACKED BY STRIKERS,
An Officer Is Nearly Beaten to
Death by Quarrymen at
Carbon, Pa.
A Large Force to Be S>ut to the
Scene, Whers the Situation
Is Very Grave.
NEWCASTLE, Pa.. Aug. 13.— The situa
tion among the striking Italian limestone
quarrymen continues grave. Constable
Andrews narrowly escaped being killed
by them to-day. Andrews, in company
with Policeman Homer, wpnt to Carbon
with warrants for the arrest of come of the
worst men. They arrested two of them
and Homer had them in charge.
Constable Andrews told Homer to re
main with the prisoners while ha arrested
a third.
While doing this be was attacked by the
mob. They knocked him down with clubs
and atones and would in all probability
have killed him had he not got hold of
and tired his revolver. In the mean time
reinforcements came and tne Italians re
treated.
The prisoners were brought here to iail.
Andrews has three broken ribs and is
otherwise badly bruised, but will recover.
A large force will go after the rioters in
the morning.
COINING AMERICAN DOLLARS.
Counterfeiters Said to Be Reaping a
Profit on Moxican Coin.
NEW YOKK, N. V., Aug. 13.-A Sun
special from Washington says: In Secre
tary Carlisle's mail yesterday came a letter
from Minister Ransome at the City of
Mexico containing a copy of the Mexican
Herald, in which was published an article
calling attention to an alleged counter
feiting of American money. The article
sets forth that two youn« Americans In '
one of the Central American States pre
sumably Guatemala, hare been for some i
time purchasing native B ilver dollars at
the current price of about 50 cents, and
coining them into American dollars to be
put upon the market. It is estimated that
the extent of the fraud has already
details of the affair as set forth in the
newspapers are quite meager. Minister '
Ransome evidently has no information on
the subject himself, for he sends none to
the Treasury Department, and in the ab
sence of secretary Carlisle the letter was
perfunctorily referred to the fcecret Ser
vice Bureau. Nothing whatever is known
about tne matter there.
Senator Lindsay Out of Danger.
T?T> A VTTTfTii-vr*— 4S. -^ ■■--.: •■•■ ■ •
FRANKFORT, .Ky., Aug. 13.-Benator
William Lindsay suffered something like
a collapse from overneat at his residence
here Jast night, and was alarmingly sick
all last night. He waa much better to
day, and ia now considered out of d»ng#r.
CHINESE INVENT
TALES OF BLOOD,
Formosa Rebels Spread
Broadcast Truthless
Stories.
JAPANESE AS MASTERS
Desperate Guerrilla War
fare Resorted to by the
Vanquished.
LONE TRAVELERS MURDERED.
Mild Policy of the Victors Abused
ard Rep'aced by a Stern
Attitude.
TOKIO, Japan, July 31.— The second
insurrection in Formosa is now practically
over. It commenced on Jun»" 2.3 in the
center of the southern part of the island.
There, in the hilly and virtually unex
plored districts, disaffected elements of
the inhabitants have always been able to
lie concealed, for the immense difficulty of
reaching their places of retreat secured
them against attactc. Recently, encour
aged, perhaps, by the immunity they en
joyed, they j;rew bold, and their repeated
acts of brigandage finally induced the
Japanese to send a small detachment of
soldiers against them, but the attempt
proved unsuccessful, owing to the almost
inaccessible character of the region.
The brigands, gathering fresli couraee
from this failure. asßumed the offensive.
Finding the Japanese totally unprepared
and being moreover re-enforced by. mal
contents from the plains tliey achieved
considerable success at first, capturing
several small towns and driving out tbe
Japanese garrisons. But immediately on
receipt of this intelligence at heaUquar
ters troops were dispatched southward
and by July 8 the Japanese were able to
assume the offensive. After that the in
surgents were soon chased from tne field
and by the 20ih of the month all the posi
tions wpre recaptured. Up to the date of
latest advices tne Japanese casualties
totaled fifty-one killed and seventy-three
wounded.
A resolute attempt is being made by the
Chinese in Formosa to convict their con
querors of the moat terrible brutalities,
and to prove that tbe insurrection owed
its origin en'irely to unbearable Japanese
cruelties. Every story of cruelty, how
ever, comes from a Chinese source, a fact
in itse'f suftlcient to vitiate the informa
tion. Precisely similar vales were invented
by the Chinese during the insurrection
last January. But the region of disturb
ance being then in the north of the inland
and therefore within range of foreign ob
servation, testimony was soon forth
coming to establish tbe complete false
hood of the charges.
Indeed, during the early months of
their occupation of Formosa the Japanese
were universally blamed for too much
leniency, and warned that their attitude
would be misconstrued as an evidence of
weakness. The outbreak in January
proved the truth of these prognostications,
and furnished also further evidence of
Chinese ferocity, for wherever a Japanese
could be found be was ruthlessly mur
dered and his corpse horribly mutilated.
A common practice on the part ol the
disaffected wns to disguise themselves as
raßtics, who, whenever a strons party of
Japanese passed by, would be seen work
ing peacefully in the fields, but whenever
a small detachment of troops or a few
travelers came in sight these pretended
farmers would rushed to their concealed
arms and proceed to kill without mercy.
Irratiiirti G ild Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Aue. 13.— The
treasury gold re.-erve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $106,216,757. The
day's withdrawal* were $319,500.
f**Q^MMsr^ J.VERand over people
"'• -'■^BBxßafcL''- ] have tried a sarsapa-
V I 1 / r *'' a containing iodide
\ % I'.J of potassium and al-
: -^^V^-^^r- ways the same result
— bad boils, pimples
and facial blemishes. When you take
Joy's Vegetable rtarsaparilia you are sure
! to have a clean stomach, bowel and a good
liver. Try
ALFRED W. RYLEY,
AGE 20 YEARS, HEIGHT 5 FEET 9V4
■"• inches, : dark complexion, very dark brown
hair and eyes, scar on right cheek. L*ft Chinese
amp, Tuolumne Co., for KnlKht» Ferry July 3.
Was sick at the ; time. Wore blue print negligee
shirt, blue overalls, flannel undergarments, black
c.'oth coat, black felt hat and mountain shoes with
nail so:es. f . ■"' "." •---- ~**
Information regarding bis whereabouts will be
gratefully received by ■
MKB, : OLIN K. K. BYI.E V, j.
Care Sherwood & Snyder MlnlnK Co..
Chinese Camp, Tuolnmne Co., Cat
T)r.mcnultyT
rf HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE BPE-
-1 ctallst treats PRIVATE CHKONIC AND
NERVOUS DISEASES OrMEX O> «A ■ "* n ™*?
Discharges; cures secret Blood anil s ?mSi
Boret and Swellings; Nervous Debility. Impo-
tence and other weaknesses of Manhooa ■ .-. ■
He corrects the secret Krrors of \ uh •° d '•; f™»
terrible offecw, Loss of Vitality. P'JP''-'"' o ,". °I^*
I Heart. Loss of Memory. Despondency and other
| troubles of mind and body, caused by the Error*
j Excesses and Diseases of Boys •"£££%«-•- _.
He restores Lost Vigor and Manly rww, re-
moves Deformities nnd restores tti °y rl £*i f ■
j Health. He also cures Diseases caused by Mer-
cury and other Poisonous Drues. . _ . _» _
Dr. McNulty's methods ar« re *"' ar ■ l d v mada
title. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
I preparations, but cures the " £*™ n l {-, a , v "' 5..
- medical treatment. His > S w ¥V ,** n i P ho describe
' vat« Diseases sent Free to all . rat " H *"°. Term-
their trouble, patients cured Home. Term*
re Hou D rs-9 > to 3 dally: 630 to 8:W •vnu.^ Sun-
daya. 10 to la only. Consultation free • na **
: cre«uV confidential. Call on or addresi
v^ P. BOSCOK MoNULTY. M, D..
MT^fiewarVof strangers who try to isAtt to yo«
>..... ■ . ■ . — — ■ — -"" ~
______ — --,— -% FOB BAKBERSi BAK-
BE3 1 1 VL§ia V > r I'ooiolacks. bath-
Pflllufll An O houses, • llliard-ta;.l-i,
brew*™ bookbinders, cundy-makers, canners,
d£ra flouniv ill foundries, laundries, paper-
&r S , fl pnnTers* peters shoe factors mtUl*
men. tar-roof era. tann.^uulor..^^ .
Brv4ifa ai»nur»ctttrer B . 6o9 S»or»m«nt»»l.SIR JOHN MILLAIS
YIELDS TO CANCER
The Art World Loses Its
Most Brilliant Rep
resentative.
GENIUS IN CHILDHOOD.
Elected President of the Royal
Academy Only a Few
Months Ago.
SOME OF HIS MASTERPIECES.
A Thornnh Bohemian Who Loved
Such Men as Dickins, Tennyson
and Swinburne.
LONDON, Eyo., Aug. 13.— The art world
lost one of its most brilliant representa
tives to-day by the death of Sir John Mil
lais, president ol the Royal Academy, who
SIR JOHN EVERETT MILLAIS, RA^ the Distinguished Painter,
and President of the Royal Academy, Whose Death Occurred
Yesterday.
succeeded the late Sir Frederick Leighton
but a few months ago. Death came to
tne great painter after an illness of several
weeks. Excessive smoking had caused
cancer of the throat, bnt for a long time
he thought it only a slight affection, and
refused to call in a physician until it was
too late to check the progress of the dis
ease.
The death of Sir John Millais naturally
raises, at once the question of his successor
as president of the Royal Academy. Un
less the arrangements made at the time of
his election have been changed, this will
be Valentine Princeps, a comparatively
young man, but one who has already dis
tinguished himself in the world of art.
Millais did not feel able to accept the
honorable position tendered him, but was
Induced to accept it for a year, at the end
of whioh time he was to withdraw ana
Princeps was to take his place. As mat
ters were arranged that way it would
seem as if Valentine Princeps was a sort
of vice-president and is now really the
president of the English Royal Academy.
Sir John Everett Millais was born in
Southampton, England, in 1829, a scion of
an old landed family in the island of Jer
sey. At 9 years of age be entered Sass'
Academy, and two years later became a
student at the Royal Academy, where he
gained the principal prizes for drawing.
He eained his first medal at the Society
of Arts when only 9 "Pizarro Seizing the
Inca of Peru," his first exhibited picture,
was at tbe academy in 1846.
While a student in the academy's
schools his tastes had tacitly rebelled
aeainst the routine conventions of acad
emic teaching; and, strengthened in that
feeling by such specimens of early Italian
art as fell in their way, he and his lriends,
William Holman Hunt and Dante Gabriel
Rosetti, resolved to study nature as it ap
peared to them, not as it appeared in "the
antique." These views were afterward
adopted by Charles Collins and other
younger painters, who were termed, half
in jest and half in earnest, "the pre-
Raphaelite school."
Millais was elected an associate of the
Royal Academy in 1853 and became R. A.
in December, 1863. His paintings include
a vast number of works, among tbe best
known of which^are: "Our Savior," 1850;
Mariana in the Moated Grange," 1851;
•'Th« Huguenots" and "Ophelia," 1852;
"The Order of Release," 1853; "The Pro
scribed Royalist," 1853.
In 1886 Millais was made a Baronet on
the recommendation oi Mr. Gladstone.
Arthur Wallack, son of Lester W3lJack
and a nephew of Millais, says of the dis
tinguished man:
"I cannot reconcile myself to his break
ing down. Yon see be was only 67 years
old, and had twenty years' magnificent
work left in him. Everybody agrees that
the work of his more mature years was his
best.
"If you had seen my uncle you would
easily comprehend me. He was a mag
nificent specimen of physical manhood.
six feet in height and weighing 300 pounds,
and when he started over his beloved Scot
tish Highlands, gun on shoulder, to take
his pastime, I tell you he was a sight to
gladden the heart of a misanthrope.
"He was the purest, sweetest character ,
I have ever known, devoted to all his
friends and passionately fond of his chil
dren. I shall nrver forget all his kind
nesses to me. He made life worth living.
I never visited London but that his han
som rolled up to my hotel a few hours
after my arrival, and then he would
always carry me off to lunch' or dine with
him as the case might be.
"He was a thorough Bohemian and
always wanted the people he liked near
him. His magnificent town house* at 2
Palace Gate, Kensington, was a meeting
place for all the famous men of the day.
"I have seen grouped around him there
such men as Dickens, Tennyson and Swin
burne, and he was the valued friend of
each.
"I suppose the bulk of my uncle's great
fortune will go with his title, but of course
all his children and grand-children will be
remembered. He has three sons and four
daughters living. The eldest is Everett,
who will inherit the title."
Sir John Millais enjoyed the distinction
of having painted some of the most popu
lar pictures in- the world. His "Chill
October" has been conceded by many
critics to be the finest landscape ever
paitited. His "Huguenot Lovers" is of
world-wide fame, and reproductions of it
can be found in every part of the globe.
MORE HUS/JSESS FAIL UR ER.
_\eta York Jewelers Forced to Make
Assignments.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 13.— Henry
Caspertield, dealer in diamonds and
jewelry in this city and Saratoga, assigned
to-day to Morris Hirscb, without prefer
ence.
S. F. Meyers & Co., wholesale jewelers
and dealers in bicycles in Maiden lane,
are financially embarrassed. Louis Clark
was appointed receiver to-day, with a
bond of $200,000. The liabilities of the
firm are $517,000 and the nominal assets
$819,000. They are controlling stock
holders in the Olympic Cycle Manufactur
ing Company.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 13. -A corps
of clerKs and officials is busy on the books
of the closed Murray Hill Bank. Super
intendent of Bank? Kilburn said that his
report would not be ready for two days
yet, and if in the meantime the bank
should raise the stipulated $100,000 he
would permit it to resume business. Vic
tor Freund, a director of the bank, has
offered to contribute $50,000, provided the
bank officials raise the remaining $50,000.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Aug. 13.—Spe
cial Judge Hammond of tne Circuit Court
appointed P. C. Tresler receiver of the
Union National Bank and Loan Associa
tion. The association was one of tbe
largest in the State, having assests of over
$500,000. _
LOCAL GOLD EXCHANGE.
Action of the Assistant Treas
urer Explained by His
Superior.
San Francisco's Method of Doing
Business Was Covered by
an Office Rule.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 13.— The
Treasury Department ha* received no in
formation about tbe alleged refusal of the
Assistant Treasurer at Ban Francisco to
exchange gold for silver certificates.
There is a practice that has been followed
for years, and is peculiar alone to the San
Francisco treasury. On the Pacific Coast
nearly all the money in circulation is gold
and silver coin, out little paper money be
ing used. For the convenience of bank
ers and others who desired to make ship
ments of money to the East a practice had
grown up at San Francisco of exchanging
silver certificates for gold. It cost less to
ship $1000 in paper to New York than $1000
in coin. In this way the officials of the
sub-treasury gradually made all forms of
money interchangeable over the counter.
As a result the sub-treasury gained from
?2,000,000 to 13,000,000 in gold annually for
the past few years while all the other sub
treasuries were losing gold. Recently its
stock of gold has been reduced, evidently
for hoarding purposes, as San Francisco is
one of the two points only where green
backs are redeemable, New York being the
other, and for that reason it is presumed
that the practice has been discontinued of
making all moneys interchangeable, as it
was simDly a practice and not a treasury
regulation. Tseasury officials say there
was no need of their being informed of it.
If it is resumed they will be equally in ig
norance of the fact.
Division in Trr.us.
DALLAS, Tex., Aug. 13.-At a meeting
of the Populist State Campaign Commit
tee held here to-day, it was determined
that the committee shall be present at the
State Democratic Convention at Fort
Worth next Tuesday, and propose fusion
on the Presidential electoral ticket, the
Democrats taking eight and the Populists
seven.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1896,
SHEATHED SHIPS
FOR THE NEW NAVY
Advantages Pointed Out by
the Chief Naval Con
structor.
SAVE TIME AND MONEY.
Experiments Made by the British
Government Are of Great
Importance.
ADMIRAL REPORT.
Enlistment of Apprentices at Mare
Island Does Not Come Up
to Expectation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 13.— 1n ac
cordance with instructions given by Secre
tary Herbert before his departure for
Europe, bureau chiefs of the Navy Depart
ment are collecting data for incorporation
in their annual reports, which are to be
submitted to the department by October 1.
Perhaps one of the most important recom
mendations which will be made will be
that contained in the forthcoming report
of Chief Naval Constructor Hitchnurs. It
is understood that this official will recom
mend to the department that Congress be
asked to make an appropriation for
sheathing all ships of and below the cruiser
class. The Chief Naval Constructor be
lieves that the new navy has progressed
far enough to learn what is best for its
preservation. He will point out to the
department that the docking and cleaning
and painting of a ship's bottom every
nine months prevents the service of tbe
vessel for several months, and in addition
is very expensive. If vessels were sheathed,
he says, ali danger of pitting, like that
suffered by the Boston, and more recently
by the Minneapolis, would be removed.
The experiments made by the British
Government on the subject will be re
ferred to. It has been urged by opponents
of the principle of sheathing that the
presence of an extra skin on a vessel ma
terially retards its speed. The British
Government recently proved the fallacy o!
this statement. Two ships were built
alike in every particular, with tbe excep
tion that one was sheathed and tbe other
carried only her ordinary plating. On
their trials the unsheathed ship made a
quarter of a knot greater speed than that
made by her sister ship. A month later,
however, it is said that the unsheathed
ship had lost her advantage and that the
sheathed ship was her equal in point of
speed. As the accretions on the steel hull
of the former vessel increased her speed
fell and tbe sheathed ship showed her
heels to her sister ship.
The Chief Naval Constructor will show
that, while there may be a small tempor
ary loss of speed, the sheathed vessels will
by continuous service be able to do equally
as fast, if not faster work, and will always
be ready for service instead of having to
be laid up at *avy-yards every nine
months to be scraped and painted.
It is said that the sum necessary to pay
the expenses of cleaning and painting a
ship's bottom for three Years will defray
the cost of sheathing. It has been deter
mined by the department to sheath a
couple of gunboats now under construc
tion, but the Chief Naval Constructor is
desirous of protecting ali tbe ships by this
method.
The Navy Department ordered a board
to-day, consisting of Commodore Charles
M. SDerry, Naval Constructor Bowles and
an Assistant Naval Constructor, to be
designated by the Commandant of the
Brooklyn Navy-yard, to make a survey of
the torpedo-boat Ericsson, and determine
the amount and cost of repairs to be made
to the vessel as well as tbe time and labor
requisite to put her in condition for com
mission. Naval Constructor Bowles, in a
report made to the department yesterday,
estimated that the cost of repairs to this
vessel would be $6000. It is the desire of
tbe department to get the Ericsson in
commission as early as possible, as she is
required for torpedo exercise at the New
port training station.
Considerable practice with torpedoes has
been bad by naval officers and officers of
the Naval Reserve at Newport and it has
been highly beneficial. The authorities
feel confident, however, that better results
would have been secured had such a ves
sel as the Ericsson been on duty at the
station.
A report received at the Navy Depart
ment to-day, made by Rear- Admiral Kirk
land, commandant of Mare Island Navy
yard, states that the enlistment of appren
tices on the West coast is small. Al
though an order permuting the enlist
ment of boys was issued some weeks ago
there has not been the response that the
department's officials expected. Up to
the present time only forty-five boys have
applied for enlistment The authorities
believe that the fact of it being the sum
mer season may have had something to do
with the slow enlistments and hope that
the fall may have • different result to
show.
It is said by naval officers that the de
partment some years ago made an attempt
to establish a training station on the
coast, but failure resulted because of lack
of enlistments.
Admiral Ramsay, chief of the Bureau of
Navigation, who has charge of all matters
relating to the enlistment of apprentices,
said to-day that the board to survey Goat
Island, for the purpose of fixing up a site
for the proposed training station, would
not be assembled until the fall. One and
perhaps two naval officers would be ap
pointed and an army officer, the War De
partment having authority over a portion
of the island.
The admiral believes that when the sta
tion is established on the island there will
be no difficult* in getting all the enlist
ments that may be desired.
BAYING AT WEST POINT.
Two Cadets lHsmissed Front the United
Service.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 13. -The
practice of hazing, which has been
indulged in by cadets at the West Point
Military Academy has received a severe
blow at the bands of the President. By
his order two cadets, convicted by court
martial of this offense, have been dis
missed from the military service of the
United States. His order of dismissal is
accompanied by a severe arraignment of
the practice, and a declaration of his deter
mination not to permit its continuance.
Notwithstanding the stringent regula
tions made by the Wax Department and
the special orders issued by the Super
intendent of the Military Academy, the
custom oi hazing, which has prevailed at
the Military Academy for many years,
has continued to thrive within the walls of
that institution, and the authorities of the
academy have finally determined to en
force the regulations. Two cadets, Giles
Bishop Jr. (a private of the second class)
and Cadet H. S. Commaser (also a pri
vate in the same class), were arrested on
the charge oi hazing. Cadet Bishop's
offense consisted in "inflicting arbitrary
punishment" upon two fourth-class cadets,
or "plebs," as they are familiarly known
at the academy.
The cadets whom Bishop was charged
with hazing were Cadet C. J. Harris,
fourth class, and Cadet W. S. Neely. The
charge upon which he was tried was "vio
lation of paragraph 140, Regulations of
the United States Academy" prohibiting
hazing, and two specifications stated that
Bishop compelled Cadets Harris and
Neely "to stand on one foot in a con
strained and painful position and did tnus
torment, annoy and harass these cadets."
Cadet bishop pleaded not guilty to the
specifications and charge, but the court
convicted him and sentenced him to be
"dismissed from the service of the United
States." The sentence was approved by
Judge-Advocate General Lieber, Major-
General Miles and Secretary Lamont.who,
in the order named, reviewed the case,
and it was then forwarded to the Presi
dent. Here is the Piesident's indorse
ment:
"The proceedings and findings of the
court-martial in the foregoing case of
Cadet Giles Bishop are hereby approved
and the sentence of said court is hereby
confirmed and ordered executed.
"The offense of maltreating and abus
ing new cadets by upper classmen is so
mean and cowardly and so opposed to
every trait that should characterize a gen
tleman and true soldier that severe pun
ishment should not be necessary to its
prevention. If, however, punishment
must be reported to to effect a discontinu
ance of thiß disgraceful practice, I can do
no less than to resist all appeals for
clemency. '
Cadet H. 8. Commager was tried on the
same charge, but the specification in his
case showed that the "arbitrary punish
ment" he inflicted upon a cadet was
equally as exquisite as that which Cadet
Bishop had imposed. It was charged that
he required Cadet J. W. Wilen of the
fourth class to "perform a gymnastic ex
ercise" known as the "fourteentn setting
up exercise," or as the 'fuil-bending exer
cise" of infantry drill regulations, and also
required him while performing the leg ex
ercise to keep his arms raised horizon
tally, holding in each hand an Indian
club.
Cadet Commager evidently saw there
was no hope for him, for he pleaded
guilty and was so found by tbe court
which tried him. He was also sentenced
to be dismissed. The President wrote
this indorsement on the papers in his case :
"The proceedings and findings of the
court-martial in the foregoing case of
Cadet H. 8. Commager are hereby ap
proved and sentence of said court is
hereby confirmed and ordered executed.
"1 am determined in ail cases of this
description, if proof is clear, to afford re
lief to those cadets who in violation of
the wholesome regulations of a military
academy indulge in the brutal and cow
ardly treatment of beginners commonly
called hazing,"
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of tfts Clubt and Scores nl'lha
Games Played to. hie National
Lang tin Ye*tt>r,iay.
BROOKLYN, N. V., Aug. 13.— Honors were
even to-day. The Brooklyn team won the
first game, giving Daub grand support. In the
second game, after six men had toed the plate
in the first inning. Harper gave way to Abbey,
who was batted all over the park, especially in
the sixth inning. Score: Brooklyns— 5, 11, 1;
Baltimores— 2, 10, 2. Batteries— Daub and
Grim, Hemming and Clark. Umpire — Lynch.
Score, second game : Brooklyns— 3, 9, 3 ; Bal
timores—l9, 21, 1. Batteries— Pond and Itob
lnson: Harper, Abbey and BurrilL Umpires—
Clarkson and Stein.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 13.— The Reds got
sweet revenge on the Colts to-day by shutting
them out easily. Ehret was invulnerable,
only three hits being made off him. Briggs
was hit at the right time, the Colts bunching
their errors in the eighth inning. McFarland
did not umpire and there was no trouble. At
tendance 9000. Score: cnicagos— o, 3, 3;
Cincinnatis— 7, 9, 2. Batteries— Briggs and
Kittredge, Ehret and Peitz. Umpires— Dwyer
and Terry.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Aug. 13.— With the
score standing 5 to 2 against them the Phillies
evened up things In the ninth on Deleirnnty's
single, Thompson's double, Hallman's base on
balls, Clements' single and Cross' fly to Sel
back. They won in the twelfth. Attendance
2644. Score: Philadelphlas 7, 9, 3; Washing
tons 5, 11, 1. Batteries— Onh and Grady,
McJatnes and McGuire. Umpire— Hurst.
BOSTON. Mass., Aug. 13.— New York won
the game to-uay and forced Nichols out of the
box in the fourth inning. Lewis, Boston's
college pitcher, then went in and held the
New Yorks down to two hits for the remainder
of the game. Van Haltren performed the
rare feat of making a home run on a hit In
side the grounds. Attendance 1876. Score:
Bostons 7, 12, 5; New Yorks 10, 13, 1. Bat
teries — Nichols and Ganzel, Meekin and Wil
son. Umpire — Sheridan.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Aug. 13. — Pittsburg-St.
Louis, no game.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Aug. 13. —Cleveland-
Louisville, no game.
RACI NG IN THE EAST.
Uor Bet That Won at Butte, Brighton
Beach and St. Louis.
BUTTE, Mont., Aug. 13.— The talent
succeeded in picking four out of the six
races to-day. Summaries:
Trotting, 2:13 class, three in five, purse
$700— Monterey won in three straight heats,
Red Cherry second, Antrima third. Best time,
2:1384.
Trotting, 2:33 class, three In five, purse
$500— Justine won, taking second, fourth and
fifth heats. Silver Kins second, Grace Hayes
third. Best time, 2 :l9J£
Running, six furlongs, purse $300, 'Ostler
Joe won, Tnmpa second, Jim Blackburn third.
Time, I:l6}s.
Half mile, selling, purse $250, Grade 8 won,
St. Croix second, General Coxey third. Time,
AS}4.
Half mile, selling, purse $250, Daisy B won,
Topaz tecoud, Bob Tucker third. ri me , -.49^.
Five furlongs, selling, purse $250, Marsh
won, Nervoso second, Yreka third. Time,
1 :02 W.
BRIGHTON BEACH, N. V., Aug. 13.-Five
furlongs, Louise N won. Contrition second,
Rockledge third. Time, 1 :02%.
Five turlongs, Don Bias won, Meadowthorpe
second, Flonan third. Time. 1:01^.
Mile and a sixteenth, Volley won, The
Dragon second, Formal third. T me, I :49J^.
Six furlongs. Regulator won, CKophus seo
ond, Lithos third. Time, 1 :lbl4.
Two miles, Emma C won, Mirage second.
Time, 3:29.
Five furlongs, Medica won, Titmouse second,
Mormon third. Time, 1:02^.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Aug. 13 —One mile, Sammie
Young won, Joe Hart second, Al Miles third.
Time, 1 :50.
Five furlongs, Sea Robber won, Sugar Foot
second, Tom Smith third. Time, 1:04.
One mile, Castalia won, King Elm second,
Agatine third. Time, 1:50.
Seven furlonge. Jack won, Devault second,
Pascola third. Time, 1 :32^.
One and a sixteenth miles, Cherry Stone
won, Hot Stuff second, Brahma third. Time,
I:ss^'
Dying Political Prisoner* Released.
LONDON, Ei\g., Ang. 13.— 1n the House
of Commons to-day Sir Matthew White
Ridley, Home Secretary, states that as the
result of a medical examination of the
prisoners the Home Office had ordered the
release of the dynamiters Djly, Gallagher,
Whitehead and Devany, now undergoing
life sentence in English prisons. The
prisoners, he said, would be set at liberty
as soon aa the doctor is advised of such
action.
Irish Land. Hill Pasted.
LONDON, Eng., Aug. 13.— The House of
Lords to-day discussed the Irish land bill
as remanded yesterday by the House of
Commons. It was agreed not to oppose
the lower house and to accept all the
amendments except one, which, however,
was later also agreed to by a vote of 74 to
68, despite the opposition of the landlords.
The fact that the Hou«e of Lords had ac
cepted them was formally intimated to
the House of Commons, which briefly dis
cussed and finally disposed of the meas
ure. The bill will now become a law.
NEWCOMER GAINS
SONORA FRIENDS,
Changes Public Feeling by
His Story of Dorsey's
Death.
SHOT IN SELF-DEFENSE.
His Life Threatened by the
Aged Mine-Owner During
a Quarrel.
STORY OF WITNESS KOCH.
The Defendant Charged by His Partner
With Having Stolen Bullion
From Their Mine.
SONORA, Cal., Aug. 13.— Replete with
startling testimony were to-day's pro
ceedings in the trial of John T. Newcomer
for the murder of his aged mining part
ner, Colonel Caleb Dorsey. The defendant
took his place on the witness -stand and in
a straightforward manner, but with con
siderable show of emotion, gave his story
of the killing. On first taking the stand By
ron W T aters, one of his counsel, admonished
him to take his time and not get excited,
as his evidence meant much to him, and
he replied : "I will not. I am willing to
stay here, if necessary, six months." At
another time during the giving of his evi
dence he remarke d: "1 will tell the fruth,
if it puts a rope around my neck."
"I did kill Colonel Dorsey," were New
comer's first words. "On the day of the
shooting I went to the mill and saw Ed
ward Dorsey and the colonel. We both
said 'Good-day' to each other. I asked
Edward if he would lend me his mule, as
I wished to go to Sonora, ana I remarked
to tbe colonel that I wished to have a re
ceiver appointed for the mine. He and I
then walked to the cabin where the shoot
ing took place. On the way we talked
about the mine, and when we got there
we both took seats, not quite facing each
other. I said :
" 'Colonel Dorsey, 1 am going to town
to have a receiver appointed. Is there
any person in Sonora you would like to
have trusted with tne gold?'
"He said to me: 'You have stolen
enough gold. I will handle my own gold
hereafter.'
"I told him he was a liar. I beiieve I
used a stronger expression. I generally
do when a man doubts my honesty or ve
racity. He reached for his pistol with his
right band. I was sitting on a chair. My
pistol was in my hip pocket, and I jerked
it out and shot at Colonel Dorsey. I can't
say how many times I shot. God only
knows how many limes; I don't."
It was brought out that the reason New
comer had a pistol that day was that he
was going to Sonora that morning, and,
as it was a lonely trait he had to follow
and a man had been murdered on it once,
he always carried a weapon while travel
ing over it. The aged defendant ex
plained his reasons for telling Edward
Dorsey that the colonel was cutting wood
for timber after the killing, when in fact
he was lying cold in death. He did not
want Edward to go down to the cabin and
get his uncle's pistol, and so he went up
to the boarding-house, told the cook the
true tacts, and told him to look after the
colonel and see that the pistol was not
carried off by interested persons.
When the trial closed for the day New
comer was still on the stand, undergoing
a most searching cross-examination, but
the old man did not contradict himself in
a single point. His story has created quite
a reversion of feeling in his favor, ana it is
now the general belief that he is likely to
be acquitted.
The first witness called this morning
was Joseph Harrison, who testified to a
statement made by Edward Dorsey after
the killing, to the effect that he (Dorsey)
had thought of telling his uncle, Colonel
Dorsey. not to bother the "old man" any
more, "because," he said, "I was sure the
old man would shoot; but , no one
ever got the drop on the colonel in his
life, and I thought I would let them go
ahead."
George A. Koch, a mining engineer of
San Francisco, testified that He knew
Colonel Dorsey well. He made his ac
quaintance in 1881, when he inspected the
Dorsey mine, and while doing so met a
Mr. Elliot, who was at that time Dorsey's
partner.
"I had a conversation with Colonel Dor
sey in front of the Masonic Temple in San
Francisco on a Sunday about eight or ten
days before his death," said Koch. "We
had got pretty weJl through our conversa
tion in reference to the mine. His mill
test was not satisfactory, and he said he
was going to see that it was better. I saw
be was a little vexed. I was about to leave
him, and as I left I said, 'Give my regards
to your old partner — Elliot.' Dorsey made
the remark that Elliot was not there any
longer. He had bought Elliot out, and he
then nad another partner. Dorsey said
the new one was athiei and he would 'fix'
him. We parted agreeing to meet each
other the next day at the Palace Hotel. I
never saw him alive again."
This testimony came as a flash of light
ning out of a clear sky to the prosecution,
and created a stir in court. The witness
was asked by the prosecution how it was
that the defense knew of his testimony,
and he explained that on the day after the
shooting, seeing accounts of it in the Ban
Francisco papers, he remembered the con
versation, and knowing that the colonel
was a hot-headed man and had many
friends, and that possibly the man who
had shot him in self-defense had none, he
thought it his duty as a citizen to inform
the Sheriff of Tuolumne County of the
facts, which he did. Here the letter sent
by Koch to the Sheriff was produced, but
it was not admitted in evidence, as the
witness' testimony made it unnecessary.
NATIONAL REGATTA.
Winnipeg Wins the International Four-
OaiiU Ahell liner.
SARATOGA, N. V., Aug. 13.— The sec
ond and concluding day of the national
regatta furnished some exciting races,
which were witnessed by a good sized
crowd. The day was an ideal one for
aquatics, and the honors to-day were
evenly distributed. Joseph J. Whitehead
of Cambridgeport, Mass., won the senior
singles. The race was protested by E. A.
Thompson, but upon it being shown that
there was no foul, the race was justly
awarded to Whitehead.
In the intermediate singles Edward Van
Eick of Worcester, Mass., won quite
handily. The New fork Athletic Club
won the senior double scull race in great
shape, but was beaten by the Baltimores
in the senior eights. The latter rowed in
tine form and were a length and a quarter
to the good at the finish.
The great event of the day was the inter
national four-oared senior shell race. Tbe
famous Winnipeg crew pulled away from
their competitors and crossed the line
with four open lengths to spare. The
Riversides, who finished second, were dis
qualified lor having fouled the Wiuoipega
at the turn, and second place was eiven
to the Staten Island crew. The Institutes
were third and the Detroits fourth. The
prizes were distributed at tbe United
States Hotel to-night. The summaries
follow :
Final heat of the senior singles, won by
Joseph J. Whitheat. Riverside B. C, Cam
bridgeport, Mass. Time, 10:11.
Intermediate singles, won by Edward
H. Van Eick, Wachusett B. C, Worcester,
Mass. Time, 9:59.
Senior eight-oared shell, won by the
Baltimore Atbleiic Club, Baltimore; New
York Athletic Club second. Time, 7:4B}^.
Senior double sculls, won by the New
York Athletic Club, Toronto Rowing Club
second, Pennsylvania Boat Club third.
Time, 9 :00%.
International four-oared senior scull,
won by the Winnipeg Rowing Club, Staten
Island Boat Club second, Institute Boat
Club third. Detroit Boat Club fourth,
Riverside Boat Club disqualified. Time,
8:15*.
RATIONAL BICICLE MEET.
Thomas Cooper of Detroit Won the Big
Two- Mile It ace.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Aug. 13.— The first
day of the big L. A. W. races was marked
by some of the best sport yet seen in this
section of the country. Six thousand
people witnessed nine splendid races at
the Fountain Ferry Track this afternoon,
which were participated in by the fastest
wheelmen in the country. The day was
perfect for racing, not a breeze stirring
and the beat not being too intense for the
racers. The big race, the two-mile Na
tional championship, amateur and profes
sional, was won by Tom Cooper of Detroit
in 4:25 3-5. The summaries of the races
are as follows:
One mile, novice. Charles R. McCarthy, St.
Louis, won. Time, 2 :37 2-5.
Quarter mile, State championship, Karl
Thome, Louisville, won. Best, time, :35Ji.
Last twelfth in :09.
One mile, professional, 2:15 class, J. A. New
house, Buffalo, won ; E. C. Johnson, Cleveland,
second; W. Decardy, Chicago, third. Time,
2:13 3-5.
Two mile handicap, amateur, final, C. C. In
graham, Dixon, 111., won. Time, 4:54 3-5.
One mile open, professional, Tom Butler,
Boston, won; W. C. Sanger, Milwaukee, sec
ond; Nat Butler, Boston, third. Time, 2:03.
Last quarter, :29 1-5: last twelfth, :08 3-5.
Hali mile, open, amateur, C. C. Ingraham,
Dixon, won. Time, 1:15. Last quarter,
;29 2-5 ; last twelfth, :06 4-5.
One mile handicap, professional, Nat Butler,
Boston (30), won; A. L. Kennedy, Chicago (15),
second ; E. T. Acker, Philadelphia (60), third;
Conn Baker, Columbus (50), fourth; E. C.
Johnson, Cleveland (80), fifth. Time, 2:06.
Last twelfth, :09 2-5.
Half mile, amateur State championship,
Karl Thome, Louisville, won. Time, 1:23 2-5.
Two mile, National championship, amateur
and professional, Tom Cooper, Detroit, won;
E. C. Bald, Buffalo, second ; J. B. Bliss, Chicago,
third. Time, 4:25 3-5. Last quarter, :28 2-5;
last twelfth, :07 4-5.
YACHTING ON LAKE ERIE.
A Buffalo Newspaper Man* Boat Wins
the Steamer Event.
CLEVLAND, Ohio, Aug. 13.— Thirteen
seconds ahead of the Say When, the En
quirer crossed the finish line just before
sundown to-day, in the Cleveland regatta,
the winner of the greatest steam-yacht
race sailed in recent years on the Great
Lakes. The Enquirer obtained her lead at
the start and held it for the entire course.
The Say When is owned by Hon. W. J.
White of this city, and the Enquirer by J.
W. Connors, editor of the Buffalo En
quirer. The Say When has a record of
24 miles an hour and the Enquirer
is a new boat to the racing world. The'
course was from Fair Port to Cleveland.
The Enquirer is 144 feet over all and the
Say When 138 feet. The distance was
thirty miles and the winning time was
1 hour 35% minutes.
In the 55-foot class this morning th
Vencedor, which will race for the Ameri
can cup at Toledo next week, showed
what she could do in a stiff wind and es
tablished her record as one of the best
yachts afloat on inland waters. The entries
were the Vreda of the Royal Yacht Club,
the V'enna of the Lincoln Park Yacht
Club and the Neva of the Cleveland Yacht
Club. The starting gun was fired at 10:20.
From the start the Vencedor drew away
and kept the lead all around the boats in
her class, nearly beating the Priscilla, a
boat of a larger class. The Vencedor won
in 2:51:51 elapsed time and 2:48:09 cor
rected time.
The 35-foot class was won by Eva In cor
rected time of 3:48:43.
Champion Shot Hall.
DETROIT, Mich., Ang. 13.— R. H. Hall
of the River Rouge Gun Club of this city
won the E. C. Powder Company's cup,
emblematic of the handicap champion
ship of the United States and Canada, at
the international shooting tournament
here to-day. There were fifty-six entries.
Hall had a handicap of three, but he shot
at the full fifty targets, breaking forty
seven straignt. He missed the forty
eighth shot and broke the next two, mak
ing his score forty-nine.
NEW TO-»AT.
? " ■■-:■■»'■ .■■--■ -■■■,;
Boys
will be
Boys
But you can put a whole lot of
manliness into them by dress-
' ing them in suits they will be
proud of.
Costs too much ? Yes, at the
retailers' ; not at the whole- ;
salers' who • sell direct to you at.
; the first small profit over cost
of manufacture. . :
Long Pants Suits, coat, s pants i
and vest, 12 to 18 years, $5,
$6 and $7.
Short Pants Suits $3.50 and
$4.50.
Children's Suits $2 and $2.50.
Made in the latest style, from ;
best fabrics, in blue, black,
gray and brown.
I BROWN^^
Wholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon Cit» Woolen Mittt
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Bush and Pine Sis.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
GOLD FOUND IN
SONOMA COUNTY,
Yellow Flakes Brought to
Santa Rosa by a
Woman.
MRS. LEGGITT'S PLUCK.
Perseveres as a Prospector and
at Last Strikes a Ledge
of Quartz.
ITS LOCATION KEPT SECRET.
A Housewife's Success in Delvin? for
Riches During Odd Hours of
the Day.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Aug. 13.— A So
noma County woman has discovered a
gold mine. Armed only with a milkpan
and a firesnovel Mrs. W. T. Leggitt has
prospected the creek near her home in
Redwood Township for several months.
Laugbed at by her husband and joked by
her neighbors the plucky woman went
mining every day that her household
duties would Dermit, declaring all the
time that there was a ledge somewhere
near and that she would find it; and she
kept her word.
One little patch of black sand on her
claim yielded $3 in flake gold, and on
many occasions she has washed out more
than $2 worth with a few minutes' work.
To-day Mrs. Leggitt visited this city to
sell some of the gold and have an assay
made of beveral pieces of rich-looking
quartz.
The gold was contained in a small tin
box and was in flakes ranging in size from
a grain of wheat to tiny particles. It was
sold to Heath & Ekstroin and when melted
made a solid button of the pure yellow
metal nearly as large as a robin's egg.
The quartz will be assayed at once fcp
Mr. Heath and the result of the assay ia
likely to create a boom in Redwood Town
ship. Of course, the exact location of the
new find is as yet a secret, but it is said to
be on one of Thomas Hopper's ranches,
near Occidental. Mrs. Leggitt and Hopper
have reached an agreement as to the own
ership of the mine, in case the ledge
proves to be on Hopper's land, and there
are many who believe that the proverbial
"Hopper luck" has something to do with
the discovery.
Mrs. Leggitt is the mother of five chil
dren and is a robust, matronly looking
woman on the sunny side of 40. Her
pleasant features are browned by the sun
and her dark eyes show determination
and courage.
Puente's Mystery Remains Unsolved.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 13.— The
local Hawkshaws have failed to- fasten the
murder of "Jack" Hayes, the Puente Post
master, on the Mings brothers. Ben
Mings, the elder of the two, was tried for
the murder two weeks ago, and was
promptly acquitted. To-day witnessed
the close of the trial of George Mings on a
similar charge. The jury had an all-night
session, one believing Mings guilty. When
this state of affairs was explained to Judge
Smith this forenoon he frankly told the
jury to acquit the defendant, and it was
done.
Yndart Loses at Lot Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 13.— Judge
Shaw this arternoon decided for the de
fendant in the will case of Yndart vs.
Coronel. Every point in the case was de
cided against Yndart, who is, however,
exceptea by the court from the general
charges of perjury made against promi
nent witnesses in the case. The whole
matter rested on the authenticity of the
deed made by Mrs. Yndart, and this was
decided to be false.
34
AMBUSHED
BY BANDITS
An Arizona Posse Stumbles
Into an Outlaw
Trap.
LINE RIDER ROBSON IS
SLAIN.
Nogales Bank-Raiders Repulse
Sheriff Leatherwood's
Party.
BLOODY BATTLE IN SKELETON
CANYON.
The Man-Hunters in Full Retreat,
Bearing Their Dead With
Them.
TUCSON, Ariz., Aug. 13.— A dispatch
from Benson reports that the bandits who
last week raided the International Hank
at Nogales ambushed Sheriff Leatherwood
and posse near the New Mexico line.
Frank Robson, United States line-rider,
who was one of the posse, was killed.
The bandits having gained accessions to
their ranks now outnumber the officers,
who are now returning, bringing the body
of Robson with them.
The posse had been pressing the out
laws closely since yesterday morning.
Toward dusk this evening the fugitives,
relying on their re-enforcements and cer
tain of being overtaken, set a trap into
which the pursuers fell. Leatherwood's
party was ambushed in Skeleton Canyon,
below Bisbee, Ariz.
Though surprised they put up the
strongest resistance possible, and all es
caped except Robson, who fell at the first
discharge. Several others of the posse
were wounded, but how badly has not yet
been learned, nor has the loss to the
robbers, if any, been reported.
Robson hailed from Mesa, Ariz., and
was known as one of the bravest men in
Arizona. Sam King is among the
wounded men.
The posse ambushed to-day was the one
which captured "Little Bob," one of the
bank raiders, near Bisbee, last week. The
balance of the outlaw band, having pro
cured fresh horses and driven back its
pursuers, is not likely to be captured.
PRINTERS AT FRESNO.
Delegates to the Statt Typographical Union
Contention Begin Their
Session.
FRESNO, Cal., Aug. 13.— Tha sixth an
nual convention of the California State
Typographical Union was called to order
at 10 o'clock this morning in De Witt
Hall by President Joseph Phillis of Los
Angeles. The following delegates were
entitled to seats in the convention: C. E.
Backers, R. J. Devine, J. J. Livingston,
tan Francisco; A. J. Read, C. D. Rogers,
Oakland; Joseph Phillis, Los Angeles;
A. P. Marshall. -T. G. Manning, Fresno;
V.. R. Woodman, J. L. Robinette, Sacra
mento; Charles H. Prisk, A. B. Champion,
Grass Valley.
In his report to the union the president
stated that its work daring the year has
been in a quiescent state. Because of the
large percentage of members displaced dv
the introduction of machinery it would
not have been wise to carry on active mis
sionary work.
"It is to be hoped," he said, "that the
conditions in the future will be more favor
able for the prosecution of the work for
which the union was established."
Continninic he said tbat the condition
of the craft at tne present time was very
grave and that many printers would have
to seek other vocations, but, for obvious
reasons, a large number of them would
remain upon the union's rolls, dependent
upon the casual employment they se
cured. The president urged that the in
ternational union tase steps to establish
an out of work fund and in other ways
give relief to these printers.
"Our numbers are small," said Mr.
Ptr.^iS, "but this need not cause us any
discouragement. What we lack in num
bers we can make up in earnestness."
The treasurer read an encouraging re
port. He briefly discussed the subject of
typesetting machines, and recommended
that the Btate Union appeal to the manu
facturers of the machines for the loan of
ore of them for the trainins; of members
of the craft in the use of them.
The convention will adjourn to-morrow,
and in the eveninsr a banquet will be given
at the Pleasauton Hotel.
POT.vr LOMA t «fi SBRJPB3TT.
Srputab\» Cititen* Claim They Saw a
Mnriut Montter.
SAN" DIEGO, Cal., Auk. Some
where about four miles off Point Loins, a:
the edge of the kelp beds, there is a gen
uine sea serpent. Captain Paulsen of the
launch Urania and a party in his boat
saw it this morning "while returning from
a trip to La Jolla. Captain Paulsen first
noticed it, and called the attention of
those in the launch Ito it. All had a good
look at the serpent, and there is no doubt
as to the veracity of the party.
"it was about twelve feet long," staid
Captain Pauisen, "and it tapered from its
head to its tail, being about twelve inches
in circumference at the head and two at
the tail. It nad a large, round head, with I
brilliant black eyes and a big mouth. There |
seemed to be more than one row of teeth. it
looked at us with the greatest unconcern,
and seemed to go rich ahead as if we were
not there. 1 could have killed it with a
teat-hook, or at 'least made a rood fight,
bat I did not know it was sea-serpent day.
and had co hook. The serpent was about
the color of an eel, out it had fins and was
no eel.*'
SACM*ME.\ro TEST SVIT.
Action. Broup\: Against a National Bank
I* Collect lax**.
SACRAMENTO. Cat., Aug. IS.— ln ac
cordance with the direction of State' Con
troller Colgan. suit has began by the
Attorney-General sgainst the National
Bank of : D. O. Mills & Co. in . this ' city for
th* stun ox $l€v9^ 73, being the amount of j
taxes \ and ; tsenalties^aUeged to be due for
the year 1535. The property of the bank
was "assessed in that year lor the sum of
114.195, payable before the first Monday \
in November. 1895. " As this sum has not \
beta paid •it has is coaaeqoenoe become |
delinquent, and the penalties required by
law were added. The result of this suit
will decide whether or not a National
bank can be assessed as other property.
Tne complaint was filed in the County
Clerk's office this afternoon by Deputy
Attorney-General C. N. Post.
WHALES OFF LA JOLLA,
San Diego Bunter* Preparing to Attack
a School.
B AN DIEGO, Cal., Aug. 13.— G. B. Grow
of this city is preparing to attack a big
whale, one of a school that has loafed
about off La Jolla for ten days past. This
particular whale comes in nearer to shore
than the others and seems to sleep for
hours on the surface of the water. There
?s one farther out that spouts almost con
tinuously, doing but little else, and he has
been named "Billy Bryan 1 ' by the camp
ers.
Commodore Grow and a party of ad
venturers went out among the school sev
eral days ago to get a closer view. The
monsters dashed around the boat and one
came up from the depths and almost over
turned the little craft. A big harpoon has
been secured, but the thrower will have
to get within fifty feet of the wnale to
make the throw count and no one can be
found who will take chances. It is prob
able that a dynamite bomb will be ob
tained with which to attack the sleeping
whale. There are about twenty whales in
the school and all are good sized, the
largest beirg about 100 feet.
BAIT BERNARDINO ASSESSMENT.
Stockholders of the Defunct First Ra
tional Rank Drawn Upon.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., Aug. 13.—
The Comptroller of Currency has made an
assessment of $45,000 on the stockholders
of the defunct First National Bank of this
city. This is $45 on each share of tbe
capital stock. The bank suspended on
November 10, 1894, and the receiver has
since paid 40 per cent of the amount due
the depositors. It is believed a 5 per cent
assessment will not yield more than
$20,000.
The receiver's notice of assessment states
that five assessments are due and payable
September 5 next, but that he is author
ized to grant an extension, without in
terest, to shareholders who pay 50 per cent
of the assessment on or before that date
and will give a satisfactory obligation to
pay the remainder on or before November
5, 1896.
SEQUOEAMILLS LYNCHERS
Angry Loggers Determined to
Avenge the Murder of
Totton.
Retnse to Return to Work Until
They Have Executed Cass
Colvin.
FRESNO, Cal., Aug. 13.— The moan- j
tains around Sequoia mills, sixty miles
east of this city, are being scoured over by
100 men, whose avowed purpose is to catch
Cass Colvin and lynch him for the |
cowardly and brutal murder of his ;
brother-in-law, Robert L. Totton, on Tnes- ;
day evening. As far as can be learned to
night no trace of the fugitive has been ,
found. There are two officers in the i
mountains — Deputy Sheriff Timmins of
this city and Constable Ingels of Sanger. ■
They are searching for Colvin indepen- j
dently of the other hunters, who are all '■
connected with the logging camps above '
the mill. The two officers hope to catch ■
the murderer and hurry him into the |
valley before the logging-men learn of the j
capture.
Colvin committed the atrocious murder
about 7 o'clock in the evening and imme
diately took to the woods. The crime |
raised feeling in the logging camp to a
high pitch and every man armed himself >
and went in pursuit of the cutthroat.
Darkness noon came on and they had to
return to camp. The next morning they j
set out again and hunted all day. They i
have been searching all day to-day.
The mills have been shut down for the
past few days, as tne loggers have refused
to work and supply the logs for the saws.
The foreman of the loggers says not an
other tree shall be cot as lons as Colvin
remains in the mountains. The loggers
will devote their time to looking; for him,
with ropes ready to string him to the
nearest tree. Totton, the murdered man,
w»s very popular in the camp, and every
man has sworn that he will avenge his
cruel death. If the loggers become sat
isfied that Colvin has made his way to the
valley they will return to work, but not
until then will they do so, unless they
catch the fugitive.
Constable Ingels telephoned down from
the mills this evening that no trace of Col
vin could be found, but that the infuriated
loggers were working as determinedly as
ever.
The Most Beach. Wrick.
MONTEREY, Cai», Aug. 13.— The
steamer St. Paul, tbat ran upon the rocks
at Moss Beach last Saturday night, now
presents a dreary appearance, being aban- '
doned by man and taken possession of by •
flocks of sea birds that abound along this
coast. Yesterday the last of the undam- >
aeed cargo was taKen from tbe hold, the !
res: being thrown into the sea, spars and j
rificins: cut airay and everything of any |
value removed from the scattered hull. A !
strong wind is blowin? from the south, ;
and it is believed the St. Paul will go to !
pieces before morning.
SPARKS TRUN THE WIRE.
Colonel William R. MORfIMB, chairman of
the Interstate Commerce Commission, has an
nounced tbat He win support Bryan.
Congressman Sauerherring was yesterday re
nominated by acclamation by the Republicans
oi the Second District of Wisconsin.
The Sixth Missouri District Democratic Con
gressional Convention" at Osceola Wednesday
nominated Hon. D. A. Dearmond for Congress
by acclamation.
The Sultan" of Turkey has conferred the |
order of . Kichau-I-Chafakat of the second '
class upon Miss Clara Barton, president of the .
Red Cross Society.
The American Steel Foundry Company's j
plant at Granite City, Mo., closed yesterdar on !
account ci lack of orders. . Four hundred j
workmen were thrown out of employment. .-' >
During a display of fireworks given in honor i
of the presence of President Faure at Rennet, j
Franc*,- Wednesday evening a bomb prema- j
turely ! exploded, j killing a girl and seriously j
injuring fire other persons.
The boiler In the Louisville (Ohio) Tile and
Brick Works exploded yesterday, wrecking
the bui'.dicg, A number of women employes
are reported missing, and are probably buried
in the debris. The plant is a total wreck.
Neither the English Admiralty nor Foreign
O£ce has any information regarding the re
ported seizure by the captain of a British war
ship of tho Clarion Island, one of the villa
Gigedo group, off tne western coast of Mexico.
Patrick C. Keeiey. a well-known architect,
died on Wednesday at his home in Brooklyn,
in his eightieth year. He was called the
"pioneer Catholic architect of America." He
designed and bail; ever 600 churches in this
country. "■
Tae sew State Central; Committee of the ;
People's party organized ' at ' Springfield,^ I1L, )
yesttrdaT. by selecting Herman Taubeneck a* ;
chairman, Charles Patmer as secretary and : S. .
P.Arnold as treasure/ Headquarters will be |
established in SpriegSeld.' A committee was \
appointed to confer with' Chairman '* Hinrica- \ ■
sea regarding plans tor th« campaigs.- -.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1896.
SILVER FORCES
AT ELLENSBURG.
Conferees Are Unable to
Agree Upon a Plan of
Fusion.
DEMANDS OF POPULISTS
Ask for the Better Share of the
Offices That Are to Be
Filled.
THEY ADOPT A PLATFORM.
A Score of Reforms Which the Party
Will Undertake to Bring
Absut.
ELLENSBURG, Wash., Aug. 13.—Fu
sion of the Populists, Democrats and Fres
Silver Republ jeans of Washington ia still
in doubt. Conference committees of the
three parties were in session all day and
far into the night, without arriving at an
agreement. To-morrow it will be known
whether or not the silver forces of Wash
ington will c ombine.
The conference committees were in ses
sion alt day. There were twelve State
offices to be divided and four Preaidental
electors to be chosen. Owing to the pecu
liar construction of the State law, there
can be but one set of electors yoted for by
the fusionists, as no name can appear
twice on an official ballot.
While the conference bodies, as a com
mittee of the whole, passed a resolution
strictly forbidding members giving out
news or information relative to their ao
ing9, yet much is known as to what trans
pired at to-day's sessions. The Democrats
asked the Governorship and in return
were willing to concede to tbe Populists
half of tha electoral ticket, two Congress
men and five other offices, leaving about
four subordinate offices to the free-silver
Republicans.
The Populists demanded the guberna
torial berth, ail the electoral ticket and
both Congressman, and were willing that
the other two parties divide the remaining
nine State officers as best suited them
selves. This proposition was coupled with
a well-defined intimation that they would
accept the Governorship, half the electoral
ticket, one Congressman and one or two
subordinate offices. The free-silver Re
publicans will, it is estimated, poll more
than half as many votes in the State as
the Democrats, and they modestly re
quested one Congressman, the Lieutenant
Governor and tne privilege of voting for
any electoral ticket named.
In convention to-day neither Democrats
nor free - silver Republicans did much
aside from speech making, but the Popu
lists, around wnich body the greatest
interest centers, got down to business and
adopted a platfotm. This, after asserting
allegiance to the Omaha and St. Louis
Populist platform and being relieved of
verbiage, reads as follows:
We demand that the people shall be given a
direct vote on all important legislation; that
ail officers elected shall be subject at any time
to recall or dismissal; that the excessive sal
aries on all executive, legislative and Judicial
offices be reduced, and freight, passenger, tele
phone and telegraphic rates within the State
lessened, the torrens system of registering
land titles adopted; that a general system of
non-interest-bearing warrants receivable for
taxes througnout the State be adopted; that
schoolbooks shall be furnished to pupils in
our public schools at tbe expense of the State;
that in case of sale of property under fore
closure decrees the debtor shall retain posses
sion of the property throughout the redemp
tion period, and the period of redemption
shall be two years instead of one; that a lib
eral exemption from taxation of personal
property and improvements in or upon land
be made; that the next Lag islatur* take legal
steps to submit to the electors of th:s
State, to be voted upon at the next
regular election, an amendment to the State
constitution conferring tbe elective franchise
upon women citizens of this State ; that the
Legislature pass lawa making it a felony for
any city, county or State officer to accept or
use a railroad or other transportation pass,
and that the law shall be applicable to those
who give such passes; and we condemn all
persons who are State, county or city officers
who may have accepted and used suca passes
as betraying the trust reposed in them by the
party and as violating their duties as citizens;
we condemn the presentchief executive of this
State for his illy considered and unjust vetoes
of the deficiency judgment bill and the free
textbook bill, alter having recommended the
former in his message.
That clause in the platform relating to
liberal exemption from taxation of im
provements on land provoked a spirited
debate, many farmers contending that it
was too long a step in the direction of
single tax.
SQUIRE'S CHANGE OF FROST.
Acrobatic Xerertal of Hi* Ft'«r» at Kx
\ preMted Several Months ago.
ELLENSBURG, Wash., Aug. 13.—Apro
pos of the bolt of Senator Squire, and his
joining the forces of Bryan and free silver,
toe Ellensbnrg Capital this morning pub
lished a letter written from Washington
city by the Senator, under date of April 7,
1896, to Isaac Moore of this city, saying in
part:
I have never voted to set aside or delay tariff
legislation in the Interest of any f ree-sUrer
measure. lam, and always have been, loyal
to the Republican party, and I believe tnat mar
difference of opinion as to free silver or bimet
allism can be settled withiu the party, sad
that there is no necessity for any member of
the Republican party to go outside of it to ob
tain any desired legislation. :'■:■.:
. I quite agree with you that the RepabHema
party is a protectionist party, and that i:
steadily placed the cause of protection to
American industry in the first place in in lUt
of principles, and to that policy I an a vsrm
and consistent adherent. w
San Josc'.% liruan Club.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 13— PnOmsmtf
steps were taken last night for ths~ CWjjWill
ration of a Bryan Union Club fa tlii* airy,
and a temporary organisation was forsisd
with W. L. Crow as president ami W^ Bt'
J. Humbly as secretary. Ta* h awx*
posed : of } Democrats, Popnllit* aaxf fexde^
pendent voters, 1 and . its sals aoswt j»fs>
promote the ■ election of Brjaa. a#PrW
dent. It starts with a good ■■ raemSessliiTJi,
A permanent organization; wilt s» efle*se<S
next Wednesday ever.: |
J.<.« Gat at »mi-» **»4Um\
LOS ATOS, Cii, Asg. 13^-Aa *qmd
SnfTrape Club has be*a crgxsi2«& kern
with Mrs." H. M. Barney m m WJi— l *sd
Mrs. ■ Greer secret air. •It ■ mtmttm "-with ( a
rood membersfaia. Ta« dab wiil tarry am
a rigorous camptticß tc^ fall is. Ib» iatas>
es. of the eleventh ars.eidci«3t to tae coa
sthation. '. ■ _ - " ' ■■ / ■ s - -.: '
Qran<jt *ilm§ tin Orjm*.
UJbtAJiUJi, Cai-, Ac«, l3*— A- Ms-paorti
an dob was crgasixed -■ here last night to
advance the cacse of free eofaace of sirvor
by } discosEoa ; of •:■ the i financial : crssation.'
Charles 'Edglaaa ' M : elected i* caaimaa
and W. A. Dyer secretary. The ; meeting
wks addressed 07 William F. Heatiuaaa
of Santa ] Ana. V- : v- ;--..■■■■ : : -:. : ■•- ; Vv:
■ lA*mm'» CHI Well.
SAX DIEGO, Cai_ Ang. IS.— Work it
temporaxily stopped on the Point Loma
oil weiL The company is awaiting the ar>
rival of contractors from Pennsylvania.
The well is now 1200 feet deep, and the
company intonds to huve it sunk to a
depth of 2000 feet. .
SALT LAKE CO NVENTION ENDS
Fire Engineer* Elrct Officer* for Ihe En
suina Icar nnd Adjourn.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Aug. 13.— The in
ternational convention of the Fire En
gineers closed its three days' session yes
terday afternoon. The early portion of
the day was taken up with receiving and
approving committee reports. The elec
tion of officers for the ensuing year re
sulted in the choice of James Devine of
Salt Lake, president; D. C. Larkin of Day
ton, Ohio, treasurer; H. A. Hills of Wyom
ing, secretary, and thirty-four vice-presi
dents from various States.
After a lively contest, in which Omaha,
Pittsburg, Baltimore and New Haven,
Conn., were the most lively competitors,
it was resolved to hold the next conven
tion in 1897 at New Haven.
Votes of thanks to Salt Lake City for the
hospitality extended in various ways were
passed, and the convention adjourned
sine die. The visitors then went off to
Garfield Beach, on the shores of the great
Salt Lake, where they were tendered a re
ception and ball, and to-day they went to
the great mining camp of Park City,
wnich ends the programme.
OCCIDENTAL QUICKSILVER.
Large Cinnabar Ledge Struck in Atnfe
ing a- Hell.
OCCIDENTAL, Cal., Aug. 13.— James
Bryan has just discovered a rich lead of
cinnabar in a peculiar way. Bryan had
made up hii mind to sink a well upon his
place. This is not the first time he has
delved into the earth for water, but here
tofore his wells have been the plain, old
fashioned round holes in the ground,
without attempt at ornamentation. This
time, by some strange method of reason
ing, Bryan determined to dig a Bquare
well for luck. He had proceeded but a
few feet when his pick struck into a cin
nabar lead ten yards wide, the ledge just
cropping out at the corner of the well. Had
he "dug a round well in the same spot Ihe
quicksilver ore would have remained un
discovered for a time at least.
The lead dips into a big pile of rocks,
and shows both red and gray ore. The
find is located within 400 yards of the rail
road track, and has been the means of
starting a mining boom of large propor
tions in that locality.
SANTA BARBARA MISHAPS
One Aged Man Killed and Four
Persons Injured in a Bay's
Disasters.
Walter Nichols Loses His Life, and
Ross Brake and Miss Kelly
May Die-
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Aug. 13.—
This has been a day of tragedy in Santa
Barbara. Early this morning Walter
Nichcls, an old resident of the valley, was
descending the Bell grade, a steep hillside
on the line of the Coast road, some fifteen
miles from here and a short distance from
Naples, bringing a load of wood to town,
when the brake rod slipped out. The off
wneeler's foot caught in the wheel, tear
ing the hoof completely off, and the four
horses dashed down the steep grade.
At the foot the road turns sharply over
a bridge spanning Bell Creek. The horses
made the turn successfully, but the heavy
wagon went over the bridge to the bed of
the stream, twenty-five feet below, pulling
the hones backward with it. Nichols
was crushed beneath the wagon, having
both arms and legs broken, one of his
lees being fractured in two places. In ad
dition to these injuries his skull was frac
tured by the kicks of one of the dying
horses.
A doctor was summoned from town
and an improvised ambulance rigged out
of a large farm wagon in which to convey
him to the Cottage Hospital, but he died
on the way.
Byron Flint, a young man residing on
the Mesa in Santa Barbara, and Ross
Drake, a boy of 14, both of whom had been
camping on the foothills, were on the
wagon with Mr. Nichols at the time of
the accident. Flint contrived to jump |
off. His back was badly sprained, but he
is able to limp aoout, and apparently has
sustained no critical injuries. Young
Drake, a delicate lad, who has been quite
an invalid for a few years past, did not
fare so well, sustaining a scalp wound and
severe injury to his skull. He has been j
delirious much of the time since the acci
dent, and there is fear that be has either
sustained a fracture of the skull or is suf- ;
fering from concussion of the brain.
At noon to-day the Misses Kelly, who \
reside with their mother on Micheltorena j
street, near Anacapa, were driving along j
lower State street, when their horse 1 took ,
fright and ran into a Chinese vegetable |
peddler's cart, smashing both vehicles 1
and throwing the young ladies to the
pavement The younger sister struck on
her head, but received no serious injury.
Tbe other young lady was flung violently
against a bitcbing-poat, breaking one rib
and causing other dangerous injuries in
the vicinity of stomach aid abdomen. It j
Is believed she cannot recover. Mrs. ■
Kelly, the mctaer, is an invalid, and it is
feared that the shock may be serious in its
effects upon her. The Kellys are Minne
apolis people, summering here, Mr. Kelly
is a prominent business man in Minne
apolis.
MONTPELIER BANK RAID
Masked Men Secure $10,000 and
Escape Toward Jackson
Hole.
Tlw Casbter and His Assistants
CoTsred by Revolvers While
tbe Safj Is Looted.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Aue. 13.— special
«ofh« l{*f*ts --*7«: At 3:30 this afternoon
t&fea m«<tis«d men, armed -to 1 the teeth,
> />•'. 1 Bank of Mon pel ie r, , Idaho,
*Adf APfH W§ Cashier Gray and hi* two
mthtamlt with their ' pistols, emptJed the !
s*fe ©* aOMNrt $10,000, Toiler Metntosh
was struck over the, head with a pistol,
Oa« of 6&« robbers oarritM .'off the plunder
iaftsaefc. The MQttd 111 U\\ shortly 1
afterward, leaving <uo fetid »i« guivnV
A* sees ':aa;ih«' ; fttHf left the fe«\\fe; the
:-:^»j*'* «•.>»«•».) (t,o lfe*ucr.
wit&ratairong waft*, W*% q«te*ty ol\ tfee
mil of the r«bWif* : x ■■.. .'. . \ '
'3 Tarn cotlaw* >liv\»fc ft\U fat ■ iha v Ui'i a> » n
Holacaantry, wun *hft n.,*,t(T «->a „ »H>%*e
at thirty sa»« i« .^«f»ttU» ••^Mlt ««W
.sxinitr^m. *„,» it t fifty ..,,.0 B «* iv«
there i* littU p^^^^ap^^ Qf i}\^,\ te*H*m 9*p*
mi ' 'v.*.'.- ■ ■'• ; ' '- ~
t*» Ama+t+»* Jt»««ftHft*«.t tis*> i»Si
LOS ANUKIKn. ri, . Hut i* fa
preliminary M»miiuu,u $f Sft \ .«***
S. Saoxb* charged nut, $%<&«»'s it*. -t**ia
ot Mr* $nj3«r fey w«l|*Mti«fti w|)\ ««t
betJß uaui FrW^ a M»*rfc
and hi* i aiu>r»eya, £«&.«i(M AV^U* • ..i
Cfe*rlea >.U>nn> *, «oi» ■, n JMHi»» : Owen's
court this ; v.xm m w < W&*H 1 He , w^ was
called.' jTh« defeat* mwm fa* * CC>\UftU»
aaca and «©•»,<»!>. art •. 6 ,*..'. e a i>ep\»ij
J*ai»s ; i* ; v*tj- 5 &uijf i •eouring tfea «xj>»rt
tesUmoaj tor »i £ tMK»*9,mia&«
GARBING STOCKTON
IN BRIGHT COLORS
Committees Making Ready
for the Admission Day
Festival.
BANNERS AND BUNTING.
Main Streets of the City Will
Be Hidden Beneath Mazes
of Decorations.
ACCOMMODATIONS FOB ALL
Native Sons Will Make Sure Tbat
the Visitors Are Well Pro
vided For.
STOCKTON,' Cal., Auk. 18.— The gen
eral committee havine charge of the work
of preparing for the Admission-day cele
bration met' to-night in, an enthusiastic
conference. Matters are now taking shape
so that the various committees can decide
what they intend to do with the money
allotted to them.
The committee on publicity and promo
tion reported that it had been successful
in •'; securing reduced ■ rates from the rail
road and steamboat companies. It was
asked to arrange with the transportation
companies so that the tickets would be
good for ten days, running for that length
of time from the Sunday before the cele
bration. ' Tiiis the committee will do, as
the railroad and steamboat companies
have signified their willineness to help the
celebration along in every way in their
power.
Henry Adams, superintendent of the
gas and electric company here and an
active worker on the committee, returned
from San Francisco by. the night train,
and reported that he had been very kindly
received by Charles M. Shortridge of The
Call, and that he was much pleased with
the assurances of assistance on the part of
the owner of that paper in making the
affair a success. ■
It was decided to take special pains to
provide good quarters for newspaper corre
spondents, * and Henry Adams was ap
pointed chairman of the press committee.
The press headquarters will be in the
rooms of the Commercial Association in
the Yosemite Theater building, and the
desks of the Parker- Doan Stenographic
Institute in the rooms that open on
these will be placed at the disposal of the
newspaper men. Special wires will be run
into the press headquarters, and every
facility given correspondents for getting
off their accounts of the celebration.
The report of the decorating committee
was listened to with much interest.
Chairman Neumiller said that be had
. closed a • contract : with a * San Francisco
firm ito * decorate the courthouse • and the
. streets. Ever j 100 feet along, the principal .
thoroughfares lines of incandescent lights
would be placed across the street. It has
been decided to increase the number of
electric lights on the courthouse, and the
number may reach lOOCrbefore the work of
decorating the. big granite structure is fin
ished. , , •• -- ■■ -': ■ . , . -'., -
The electric lighting will be done by the
local gas and electric company. Besides
the lights on the Courtnouie the commit
tee reported that 100 more large arc lights
would be placed on the streets where there
is the most travel. Streamers will be sus
pended across Main street, from the rail
way depot to El Dorado street, a distance
of about ten '; blocks, and along the last
named street ' three blocks to the north.
At the head of the channel three large arc
lights will be placed and a huge banner
bearing the inscription "Welcome, } Na
tives." A similar banner will be placed at
the railway station. All . the telegraph
and trolley poles will be hung with stream
ers. The incandescent lights across the
street will be in the carnival colors— red
and white, blue and gold. >. From the
trolley poles strings of seventy-five ban
ners each will be suspend ed on Main street
and on San Joaqnin street as far south' as
the pavilion. On the electric light poles
extensions will be placed and lines of
streamers will , be - suspended above the
lights. : Five hundred American and bear
flags will ,be supplied by the decorators,
and the committee will supply the rest.
Thousands of Japanese lanterns will be
used on the Courthouse and streets.
The reports received from interior par
lors indicate that they will send larger
delegations an have gone to any of the
former annual gatherings of the Native
Sons. Amador County alone will send
100 representatives, besides hundreds of
those who are not members of the order.
This is but an example of the enthusiasm
manifest in all of the interior counties
over the coming celebration. The locai
committees fear that they will have to en
large in order to care for all the tminloads
of visitors who will reach here during the
t three days' festivities next month.
: To-day the reception committee began
the work of decorating the headquarters,
on the third floor of the courthouse. Hun
dreds of yards of bunting were J festooned
about the ■ rooms, with charming effect.
All this work is being done by the Native
Daughters, assisted by some of the male
members of the parlors of this county,
'lied and white, blue .and gold will pre
dominate in all the bunting and lantern
display?,' The great arch that is to be
placed across the plaza is being rapidly
placed In position. ; The pedestal for the
imiiiftncM Mtittuc of California is now com
pleted and will go in the center of the big
affair. To the; left from the main street
! entrance under the arch will do a gigantic
! shell, in which :.; a bandstand ; wilt be
placed. The : men who are OOAkltt&tlttf
the floats are hard at work, ami will MMMk
have them completed. ;
The committees, will tor.-. .-■.■.-« :■■* *
canvass ot the Z city for m<W* tndtafejj''\ ** U
is desired to increase the RUM ©1 <?><> Oat
nival committee, so thai : tbe 41%^*^ w\
the water wilU be **ft^.thUiS; ****** **&**«
seen' in G^Uf«tft\*» the tt*Uvt*l *i\xian»
! <*«?» of ; ItMfctMh *iiti Ui<* eltAMftei *ttvi
Mot e<>a* \ *••<- wnk* -v> M Mu*.
-1 ha *■■■. ■■.-.•» .v.v. :•. ■•.»*%**, *r\\\ wxstl early
%»vh night WfttU . «•*# ', »>t tt\« ««bra*
tat, : t . ■ ' ■ -;' -:■ ■■■'■/ - : :., -"::*■■ . ; '' '■'-:■
ii IV-cv* •.■:..•■. ,-.,- :-.-■ •, -.-,». .- '..-v * <r«at
Jim* at t,V..M«»<ov OK* M MM AVti last.,
th« tf Ale »n>t Hi th* IMMi WtSKNttUsht ©ice
.IMO--lh«l v n^w arr«««e>t by t&e
'sf»lbf*'i)*\j<;hihft!i'* 4 . th* flrtl affair was a
sviWttfc^ %*sefally <mhl ft«««e«i»lly, and it is
«>\ v wHa u»o %«e<sn<i «M be« Ten more so.
KbM h prl4ft» f him tv**n j otter* d for the
t i * t 4ae£*M«4 tl«m and - vJaees ,oi bus.
i\*s*», *«>i : u< mjjtit Henry Adams ;; an
u>.-.u>o^» :; that ', Uv«> : fleet rld \ company was
toinjt ta ant* a exeat display in troot 01
iji \utn sir -otU<* and would use 250 in
oa«t«l<Mv^ui lights iV decorating the iron:
i*t it* tHuUiuu', v
Th» thank* oj the general committee
«*» leuvUre-J to James V. S.«Uey, seere
ury \ i-i 1 th» railroad < commission, for the
aaatstaae* bo gave the press committee
I whUe in S«a Fraueisocv ; ■ ■.
*a» t>.^«'» C*U*r»li*m.
BAN DIEGO, Cal, Aug. IS.— The com
ainiw on e»i»hraiion ol San Diego Parlor
No. 108, Native Sons of tbe Golden West,
has pejfected plans for the proper ob
servance of Admission day. Invitations
to take part in the parade have been ex
tended to the various fraternal and mili
tary organizations, and so far as heard
from have met with favorable responses.
Several orders will arrange to parade, with
appropriate floats. The Native Sens will
have Eureka well represented, and the
Pioneers will again cross the plains in the
prairie schooner of '49.
LOS ANGELES CONVENTION.
Members of the Afro- American League
in Exciting ' Debate.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 13.—
contention of yesterday in the Afro-Amer
ican convention was renewed this morn
ing. Among the many resolutions adopted
this morning was one for the appointment
of a committee on purchasing land, a sec
ond favoring the gold standard, and an
other favoring the eleventh amendment
and the appointment of a committee on
commercial enterprise. i,v
The report of Collins, chairman of the
committee on the president's address, was
the signal for a scene of wild excitement.
This was caused by a clause in the presi
dent's address on "the attitude of trades
and labor unions toward the colored race,
as they refuse to receive them into mem
bership into their skilled trades and will
not work with them because they are not
members."
It was moved the address be accepted with
this clause omitted. The cony en tion. was
divided on the question. Mr. Henderson
showed vividly the race prejudice, the ad
versity of the past and the struggles of the
present.' Other speeches followed In quick
succession and the speakers finally lost all
control of themselves. The president was
unable to preserve order, the sergeant-at
arms proved ineffectual and the din was
too great for any one to known what was
taking place. : ' .
The women finally appealed for order,
and the president with great effort secured
it, when the report omitting the clause re
lating to labor unions was passed amid
deafening cheers and wild hurrahs.
Heath at Xevada City.
NEVADA CITY, CaI., Aug. 13.— Thomas
Breen, for twenty-one years a resident of
Columbia Hill, this county, died yester
day from the effects of injuries received on
Saturday evening. While walking to town
be was run into by a team and knocked
down, his head striking a rock with suf
ficient force to produce concussion of the
brain. He was 65 years of age.
A TRAGEDY AT BEDDING,
City Clerk John C. Russell Ends
His Life With a
Bullet
His Body Found Lying Cod in Death
en the Floor of H s Apart
ments.
REDDING, Cal., Aug. 13.— City Clerk
John C. Russell committed suicide at 10
o'clock this morning, but the fact was not
known until 5:30 o'clock this evening,
when his body was discovered by Carl R.
Briggs. Briggs conducts an abstract office
in the building occupied by Russell, who
had an insurance and real estate office.
Noticing Russell's absence from his duties
during the day he decided to stop on his
way home, fearing that "Johnny," as he
was familiarly called, was sick. On re
ceiving no response to his knock at the
door Briggs walked in and the first sight
that met his gaze was the body of his un
fortunate friend Jying stiff in death on the
bedroom floor, the door from the office
being ajar.
Everything points to deliberate premed
itation on the part of the deceased. His
collar, cuffs and shoes nad been taken off.
A quilt was folded up and laid on the
floor. Upon this he had laid his head and
then shot. himself behind the right ear.
Death was instantaneous, tbe appearance
of the body when found showing no evi
dence of a struggle.
Upon a dresser were two letters, one ad
dressed to his wife and the other to Carl
Briges, who discovered the body. The one
to his wife has not been opened, and
Briggs positively refuses to give the con
tents of his for publication.
Russell was well liked, having been
twice elected City Clerk. He was 29 years
of age, a member of a Santa Cruz parlor
of Native Sons and of the Good Templars'
lodge in this city.
ARRESTED AT PORTLAND.
Lumber Merchant I.tjlrs of Han Fran
cisco. Charged With Libel.
PORTLAND^Os., Aug. 13.— E. C. Lyles,
a lumber merchant at 300 California street,
San Francisco, was arrested this evening
for alleged criminal libel. The complain
ant is Joseph C. Dolan, who says that last
June he was taken in custody here at the
instance of Special Treasury Agent Chap
pelle for an alleged conspiracy to defraud
the Government by unlawfully assisting
in the landing of Chinese. The charge
was afterward dismissed by United States
Judge Bellinger.
: On the 27th of June, two days before Do
lan's case should, have gone to trial, there
appeared an article in the San Francisco
Chronicle reflecting upon Dolan's general
character. In that he was accused of be
ing a bunko sharp and charged with
having fleeced Lyles, L. C. Taylor of Los
Angeles and a score of other men out of
large sums of money. The article sets
forth that Dolan accomplished this- by
representing himself as a cousin of W. F.
Harrity, through whose influence he
coud obtain Federal patronage, but he
failed to secure any for his alleged vic
tims.
Dolan at that time denounced the arti
cle as false and also stamped Lyles as the
author. The latter came to Portland from
the :■ bay to-day and was' at once appre
hended. Lyles when taken into court
this evening denied being the author of
the author, out indiscreetly said he could
produce htm. -.. He cave . bonds for his ap
pearance and will have a preliminary ex
amination to-morrow.
Santa liartxtra Cracksmen.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., An?. 13.— The
oftlee of the ! Santa Barbara and Lompoc
SUs* Company, ; on "•'•. State street, was
lootiHl by burglars last night, |70 50 being
takon from the safe. The robbers left $160
curbed in another compartment
which indicates that they were frightened
*w*y before completing their work. The
combination of the safe had been skillfully
eivtneii, and every thine indicates the work
of professional safe-crackers. '
Caught in ilrilii* Columbia.
i ASHLAND, Ob., Aug. 13.-Geor e F.
McConnell, keeper of records and seals of
the Grand Lodge of the Knights of Pythias
of Oregon, who defrauded the order "out of
sums ■ aggregates $3000. has been caught
in British Columbia. Detective Cody ief;
here to-day to get McConnell, who agrees
to return without extradition papers and
stand j punishment. : McConnelf - disap
peared about two months ago.
" frotttt '•/ rancoujfr C>rJ*r*.^^H
VANCOUVER, B. C. Aug. 13—The City
Council recently passed an ordinance that
all persons riding wheels within the ci:y
limits- should carry bells or horns that
could be heard 300 yards away and travel
not faster than Jour miles an hour. Th ''
law went into effect last evening. All the
male riders in the city turned oat;' ruffes
dinner bells, cow bells,' sleigh bate ana
congs and blowing , horns. all the while
ruling at a snail's pace uo and aowr the !
principal streets. The Calitacmpian |
parade was intended as an emphatic pro
test against the Council's restriction. The
noise made by the wheelmen during the
ride was deafening. Thousands of people
turned out to see the novel sight.
Port Toxcnaend Pioneer Insane.
PORT TOWN SEND, Wash., Aug. 18.—
As a result of broodinc over business
troubles, Daniel Pullen, one of the
wealthiest and best-known settlers of this
section, has become insane and left his
home at La Push. He has been missing
since Sunday last, and no effort has been
spared to find him. It is feared that be
has wandered off into the woods and died.
Pullen is one of the earliest settlers of the
lower straits region, and paved the way
with good advice and rifle balls for the
coming of the settlers who are at present
conducting valuable farms where then the
wild Indian roamed.
I // // // B \ \\\ \
TT IS THE WASTE YOU MUST STOP,
-*• and you should stop it when you notice
prematureness of discharge, when you
find it difficult to concentrate the mind,
when you are easily exhausted.
HUDYAN WS2S T ?Yd
HUDYAN S a^d U wilry in SI
morning, when you can't
HTInV A M look your fellow square in
nuuiftw the f ac hen you feel
*«*«*-«.<.* « m. . timid, irritated and ex-
HUDYAN cited, then is the time that
you must have a iriend to
UIinVAM nel P y ou> Hudyan is your
HUDYAN . friend. , Hudyan is man 1 )
best friend. Hudyan stops
HIinVAW bad dreams, night losses,
nuwi *»*' cures failing manhood, re-
_■________ news, remakes . man. If
HUDYAN y° u don't Bleep well, if
your appetite 18 poor, if
uitnv am you are suffering from the
MUD V AN effects of youthful follies,
you should take Hudyan.
W l l PI VA M o u need something to
, " UL * * MIN brace you up. Take the
.„._.,,.. be* you can get. You
HUDYAN can get Hudyan only by
,ii ?... , : . , «.;■•'*..• applying to the doctors of
Ul l r*i vA m l «e Hudson . Medical : In-
; rIUIJYAN , gtitute. , .
***** ** • *****
* HUDYAN *
Circulars and Testimonials
* FREE. *
***** * * * ** * * *
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis SU.
KIDNEYS Many men lead rspl4
,_..,\ , lives and object them-
KIDNEYS selves to such baneful
practices that their kid-
I/'inMCVC ne s are almost used up.
J\IDIN& I O These are a few of the
effects of wasted kidneys:
KIDNEYS Great Weakness— Thirst
rviwiiuio —Excessive Quantity of
i/inurt/o Water Passed — Emacia-
KIDNEYS tion-Specific Grsvlty
V High— Bilious Attacks—
1/inMCVC Cramps— Neuralgic Pains
I\IUINE. I O —Sudden Sweats— Failure
of Vision — Catarrh — losi
KIDNEYS of Sexual Power—
I\1U«CIO Dry -Tongue Coated -
i/irMin\rr> Gums Sore and Bleed Eas-
KIDNEYS Appetite Variable—
• . ■ - • Flatulence— Constipation
1/ 1 nKID V O or Diarrhoea— Skin Dry
r\ ILJ IN fc. I O and Yellowish — Boils —
■ ; ' Carbuncle — Eczema' and
KIDNEYS SwellingofLow-
rviLSmCTO er Extremities — Loss of
i/innri/r. Flesh. If you want to
KIDNEYS learn all about your kid-
• «■■;■■:; j neys write for the book,
KIDNEYS Xjji'"" "*' "'?"'•
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, -Market and Ellis Sta.
OOSMOPOLiITAN.
Opposite V. S. Mint, 100 an! 102 Fifth' st.. Van
Francisco, Oat —The mMt ■ select farailv Hotel in
the city. Board and room SI, SI 25 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. Mca's 250. Rooms 50a
and 76c a day. Free coach to and from the no;ei.
IiOOK for the coach bearing th« name of the Coa-
mopolitap HoteL W.M. K.\ 1 1 V , Proprietor.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specifle tonia far thi
wxnal and urinary orga^ of both »axe» ani »
freat remedy tor diaeaMs ot tha tfdaer* aal tfl»J-
«r. ▲ jreai BMtaiMln, Invi^oraioriui
cells on Ita own HeOu—aa k>os-wiOkt*l .*if
aionlals necessary. ■ '
„:) IP**' Ai.FS * BRCNK. Agent*,
323 Market St.. S. f.-tsead ;ot Circular)
/V^ffl^^AuM Biz ♦» ia a Bon-poiscßous
CC^^T^^l r»n*iT for Gonorrhoea,
AW^mr i ~ lHFir^mm i,'-' "' c -
fj3£y isluo ; jTy mm White*. uanataral dis-
JPf Guriawil V charge*, or any i="*sjam-
| ft**jj »* » siriiiire. lion, irriuuion cr ulcers-
I IZji *j' > " Tt=a eeatafios. tioa of mac oat dmd-
! CTi»T>lEEuHS Chowcußbl bran**. Koo-**;ring»nt.
%CS^c;srsxAr N o ■ 5^9 Sola by »mpci«tc,
Vg^X. C.B. a. \ | « seat *° pUia wrapysr,
VHW^I 11.00. or 3 bctUra, JS.rC
-» %j Circcl»r seal cr. — dm!
-"■---■/-..■.---
T A 11 / ID A «**aOT» r«f««Maf mm
I MfflMH Tmtr aai««i*bl» :e !»»«.
CosiSTlPATipn
' ■'■•'"■» ■ »> >■ heaenhotds. bCa, ■
I1 1 D ! c N ta:««:aa:ao=b;«»a34
■ II 1# I «■ l« »e*dache artsiax
tr:a theia.
Ami I fill E. V..RIU.OS.
; BRILLOM "agaasj"
; Wriitfi Mian Tegalils Ms
1 Ai» aeJcaowiecUtd by Utoeaasls at perssjaswha
tt»t* us*& thesi Sir over Ssnr Tua-s ta «k»
KICK H£ADACHSs_aiai»tSESSi COXSTXPA-
TION. Torpi line, Weak BMia» Jrta*?i«*, aal
{ yrttr tbabtooiL. ..,■- ,; . ....
Grossman's SdogiOg Mixtars
g*Mfcjji iKs»tr awH« m an »s»sis«tT«
i wcaooi th« taeaa upaatu*. <*»■*» «< «is*i. or
i *«l» ta aMltnartiMi »> btuia***. r^.# ss*£^i3«
I CMttalaaaac&tscUija to <* ii* immt ammM
MMtauMNk A4fcrwat4na(**lKia> Jftw»«l«
M^'WMHaMjHWMggHdHGUT SPORT ON
WILLOWS' TRACK,
Immense Crowd 4o Witness
the Third Day's
Racing.
HOMEWARDS BAD BREAK
Won a Heat in Very Fast Time
and Was Then B?aten
by All.
IKE JOHNSON NO GARRISON.
George L Was Heavily Backed and
After a Hird Struggle Beat
H s Field.
WILLOWS, Cal., Aug. 13.- The greatest
fport ever seen in this section of tne State
was afforded the big crowd at the tract
to-day. In the 2:15 trot the unfortunate
Fresno iior-e Homeward took the first
heat in 2:13%, stepping it off in grand
fashion, bu: in the hep.t following was dis
tanced through mnkinga disastrous break.
1 his mark is a track record as well as the
race record lor Central Californie. This
time was also equaled in the 2:12 pacing
event by the Oakwood stock farm's erratic
mare Javelin, who was on her good be
havior and won in straight heats without
making a skip.
Seaside, splendidly ridden by Spooner,
captured* the seven-furlong run in a drive
from Quarterstaff. Old George L lasted
just long enough to beat Irma out in the
short dash. Jasper Ayers, who finally
proved victor in the 2:15 trot, was
driven by John Perkins, the young Visaha
reinsruan, who received an ovation at the
conclusion of the race. The grand stand
was filled with ladies and their escorts,
and tbe management and the officers of
the association are elated over the out
look.
The opening betting on the 2:15 trot
showed Jasper Avers and Gallette
coupled bringing $10, Chico $4 and Home
w;ird $1. The rank outsider took the pole
from Chico at the rim turn and rattled off
the heat in 2:l3}^, with Jasper Ayers sec
ond, three lengths before Gallette. The
betting now shifted in favor of Driver
Clark's Fresno horse, he selling for $10
against $4 for Gallette and $4 for the field.
Homeward broke at the turn and again
when straightened away down the back
stretch, finally making a bad stumble,
which threw him so far out of it that he
had the flag flashed in his face. Gallette
headed Jasper Ayers and after a hard-con
tested finish got the verdict by little over
a length in 2:18&
The mare now sold favorite over the
field at odds of $10 to $6. the led Jasper
to the homestretch, where Perkins made
his drive and gradually forcing to toe
front rook the heat by two lengths from
Chico in 2:ls>^. The next two heats were
also gathered in by Jasper, who steadied
to business and seemed capable of goinc
all d;.y. Gallette put in a great bid for the
fifth and deciding heat, when it was
thought by all that she was dead tired
and out of it.
The only two opposed to Javelin in the
paci:ig event were Hanford Medium and
Loupe. She sold a 10 to 6 favorite over
the pair and stepped off three very stylish
heats in 2:14i/4, 2:14,^, felS& Hantord
Medium made it very interesting for the
favorite in the second heat, but the effort
pumped him out.
The lovers of the gallopers now had an
inning. A field of seven went to the post,
■with Seaside celling favorite at $5, Nevere
next in demand at $3 and the field fetch
ing $4. Nevere, who ran the fast race at
Petal ama w:th a catch on her back, led
the bunch until within a furlong from
home, where Seaside took command, and,
ridden out, beat Quanerstaff a length in
1:29. Faro was a good third. Ike John
son, who rode Clara Johnson, was ex
pected to shine as a Garrison up here, but
proved a disappointment.
The last event was a four and a half fur
long spin with a another field of seven lin
ing up. Robin Hood with Ames up was
made a favorite, with the wise ones put
ting in tiieir coin on George L. Narvaez
cot the latter away in front" and in a hard
drive beat the fast coming Irma out a
neck in :56%. Two dollar Paris mutuals
paid $11 55.
Saturday will be a busy day at the track.
All of thf business houses have agreed to
close and the free for all pace and the big
2:27 trot are expected to prove strong
drawing cards.
SUMMARIES.
Trottinr, 2:15 class, three In five, purse $500.
Jasper Ayers, B. g.. by Iris (Perkins) 2 2 111
Gailette, bile. m.. by Juci Wiltces
(Hodges) 3 13 3 3
Cbico. b. a., by Monroe thief (Sullivan). 4 32 2 2
Homeward, b. s., by Mrathway- (C!ar»)..l dis.
Time, 2: l3V*- 2 2:15 2 163/4-2:17%.
Pacing, 2:12 class, three in five, parse 1500.
Javelin, b. m.. by Creole (Chaboya) 1 1 i
H»nforl Merijuiu. b. s., by Milton X (H0y).. 2 2 2
Loupe, b;k. g.. by John Sevenoncs fs t! iiivau)3 3 3
Time, 2:l4i*-2:UV*- 1:13*4.
f i i l_i - \i3^Wp^Tj£^*nmmMZfv9 — * •—»*—>
I
I
• * t^» * * % '*Mbb*w*»*SsL~' I Jaf j ■
ENERGETIC SUFFRAGISTS,
The Entire State Nearly Organ
ized for the Coming
Campaign.
Movements of Some of the Most
Prominent Laborers in the
Cause of Woman.
The woman suffragists are rapidly com- j
pleting the organization of clubs in all the
voting precincts of the State. The work
has been carried on with a rapidtfy and j
thoroughness which speaks volumes for j
the devoted energy and efficient methods I
of the ladies ;iavine it in charge. The :
counties ;.ie to bave club* in ev<>ry town .
and village where a vote can be cast, and
tbe undertaking, though it seems a stu
pendous one, is rapidly approaching a
most successful outcome.
Mis. Sarah .1. Tedford, who has just fin
ished organizing Sonoma County, has
I been given charge of the same work in
| Mendocino. Her labors in Sonoma
) County wrune the warmest praise from
press and people, even the anti-suffragists
adding their commendations to the gen
eral voice. Mrs. E. G. Greene has
nearly finished establishing clubs in Santa
Cruz, and is aiready preparine to com
mence the worK in Santa Clara County.
Miss Emma M. Gay, an ardent young
suffragist and a charming speaker, has
been sent to organize the counties of
i Placer and Nevada, while Mrs. Ida Haz
lett, whose pnenomenal success in Madera
County lias m.'ide her a power in suffrage
circles^ has irone to Fresno, where new
victories awsit her.
Every one remembers Miss Harriet May
Mills and her splendid paper read at the
Woman's Congress. She will have a
chance to use her eloquence to great effect
in Santa Barbara, whither she has gone to
organize that populous county. Miss An
thony and Mrs. Sargent will leave to-day
for San Jose in order to take the measure
of the situation in tne Garden City and vi
cinity as viewed from tbe suffragist stand
point. t f
SAUSALITO POOLROOMS.
The Harrison Company Continues Its
Business Openly— Voting for
Carnival Queen.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Aug. 13.— The case
of the Harrison Company, poolroom men,
now running the entire pool business in
i town, came up for hearing before Judge
Pryor Wednesday evening. On motion of
the counsel for defense. J. W. Cochran of
San Rafael, a change of venue was
granted, and the case will be tried in
Mill Valley before Judge Fottrell.
In the meanwhile Harrison & Co. carry
on their business, despite the Marshal
' and tbe order issued from the Board of
< Trustees.
Schwartz will wait till some action is
j taken by the Town Council before re
; open ng.
Voting for Queen for the carnival is
i steadily progressing. Two ballot-boxes
I have been placed in each end of the town,
, and the citizens generally are taking an
i active interest in the canvass. So far
bailots have been cast for the following
ladies residing in the pretty town of Sau
salito: Miss R. Miller, Miss K. becker,
Miss Lichtenstein, Miss K. Gorman
i Raisch and Mrs. J. M. Kilgarif.
The whaleback steamer Etta anchored
! in S&usalito Bay this morning.
A MISSIONARY OF LAOS,
The Rev. Hugh Taylor's Story
of Work Among the
Malays.
Build Queer Houses on Poles — Thirty
Teachers, All of the Presby
terian Board.
The Rev. Hugh Taylor, a missionary of
Lakawn, in the province of Laos, in the
north of Siam, arrived here on the Coptic
yesterday, accompanied by his family and
Miss Isabella A. Griffin, a missionary of
Chuengmai, which is the principal city of
Laos. All are missionaries of the Presby
terian board.
Mr. and Mrs. Taylor are from N ebraska,
and have been in Laos eight years. Their
three little children have learned the
native language, and cannot speak Eng
lish.
"There are thirty missionaries all told
in the province of Laos," said Rev. Mr.
Taylor, "and all are of the Presbyterian
board. The town of Lakawn, where Mrs.
Taylor and I have been, has about 25,000
people, while the province has 3,000,000.
"Our missionary work is very encourag
ing. The natives are of the Malay race.
They are quiet and tractable. Their main
industry is agriculture. Rice is their prin
cipal product, but tbey raise a few vege
tables and a little corn.
"The main trade is in teak. This wood
is about their only export. We are in the
mountain region of the Maawung River,
an upper tributary of the famous Manam
River. The native houses along the river
are of bamboo and thatch and are built on
poles, because of the danger of floods.
"The country is tropical and produces
bananas, oranges and other similar things.
It is malarious, however, and this consti
tutes one of the drawbacks.
"Ws have two schools there, one for
boys and the other for girls. The latter
has as high as sixty students at a time.
Books are issued in the native language.
We had the type made five years ago, and
began publishing the books three years
ago."
Mr. and Mrs. Taylor are st the Occi
dental. They will be here several days
tefore starting for their old home in Ne
braska. '
BOTH SHOOT TO KILL
J. Carr and Special J. W. Mo
Menony Have a Duel in
the Auzerais.
Officer F. W. Ri ey Arrives in Time
to Prevent a Killing— Carr
Taken to Jail.
Joseph Carr, brother of Frank Carr who
acquired fame by refereeinc the recant
Corbett-Sharkey prize fight, all but com
mitted murder and narrowly escaped be
ing shot to death himself in the Auzerais
saloon, corner of Powell and Ellis streets,
early yesterday morning.
Carr walked into the saloon about 5
i o'clock and going up to the bar called for
i a drink. As alleged by the barkeeper he
| was "looking for trouble" and lost but
'• little time in stirring up a fight. Carr
bumped ur> acainst a customer standing
at the bar and was admonished oy the
mixologist.
At this he became angry, and throwing
| a half dollar on the counter started towar d
j the door. He noticed Special Officer J.
: W. McMenomy, who stands nightly. In
j front of the Tivoli, and calls out "get in
| line for your tickets," standing near the
• bar. Without a second's warning Carr
j drew a revolver, wheeled and tired directly j
!at McMenomy's head. The bullet went I
I wild, however, and just missed a Japanese !
boy who was on a etepladder cleaning a
mirrow.
The Jap came down off the ladder with
a crash, and all but McMenomy hunted
safe quarters. Before the smoke of the
first shot had time to clear away the
special pulled his revolver £;nd fired two
shots m rapid succession at the now re
treating Carr. Fortunately, however, both
bullets missed and buried themselves iv j
tne wall, one on either side of its target.
The shooting attracted the attention of
Officer F. W. Riley, and as he rushed into
the saloon Carr was preparing to bring
his revolver into action again.
McMenomy was looking from around I
a cornf r. also ready to renew the duel as
! ston as convenient. Riley, however,
j ordered Carr to throw up his hands, but
: before tie latter had time to comply tbe
i policeman was on him and had wrenched I
\ the revolver from his hands. Policeman !
W. F. Joy aho hearu the shooting and
hurried into tbe saloon. Carr was then
handed over to Joy who took his prisoner
to the Central police station and booked
him on a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon. Carr was unable to obtain bonds
for his release and is still in the tanks of
the City Prison.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1896.
JUST BEFORE THE
GREAT BATTLE,
0. W. Winthrop and Cap
tain Lees Array Their
Forces.
CAMPBELL TO BE HERE.
The Defendant Claims to Have
Five People to Prove
an Alibi.
EVIDENCE OF THE DETECTIVES.
The Police Believe They Have a
Complete Chain to Prove the
Prisoner's Guilt
Whether it is the sun of Austerlitz or
that of Waterloo which has risen, Oliver
Winfield Winthrop may know this morn
ing if he cares to tight his accusers.
His trial is set for 10 o'clock before Su
perior Judge Wallace, at which time he
may ask and obtain time to plead ; plead
not guilty and have the case set for future
hearing, or else enter the field boldly
without delay and let a jury decide
whether millionaire James A. Campbell's
accusations have foundation or his declara
tion ot innocence is correct.
Captain Lees is positive he has a com
plete chain of evidence to prove Win
throp's guilt. He claims to have traced
his movements from the time he is said to
have spoken to Donald tJrquhart about a
scheme to kidnap Campbell and other
people of wealth, to the time Detective
Cody placed the prisoner under arrest in
Oakland on Monday morning last.
The Chief of Detectives would be surer
of his case, of course, if he could secure
the mysterious "Pete" who is supposed to
have helped Winthrop in torturing Camp
bell at the 4109 California- street cottage.
But "Pete," as well as "Dollie," the
writer of the letter found in Winthrop's
possession, insist on remaining uncaught.
Still, that makes no difference to Captain
Lees. He has enough evidence on hand
now to win the fight, so he says.
In the meantime, however, tbe detective
force is out hunting ap past records.
There is an effort being made to show
that a grave mistake was made by tbe
court that found Winthrop not guilty of
the murder of Mrs. Jennie Matthews over
one year ago.
There are men who worked in tbe
cemetery where Winthrop was superin
tendent at the time, and to whom he
owes money, who claim that he, only re
cently, promised to pay his indebtedness
from a big raise of money he expected
very shortly.
There is Donald Urquhart, the main
witness, besides the complainant, Camp
bell, and there is the circumstantial evi
dence of Winthrop's leaving town in dis
guise affer having been seen in the com
pany of Campbell Monday afternoon, the
date of the millionaire's disappearance.
Winthrop simply laughs at these accu
sations. He says he can explain them
away by telling a truthful account of all
bis doings. He says he can prove he
never rented the California-street cottage;
never took Campbell there, and that
while tbe millionaire planter says he was
being tortured, he (Wintbrop) was miles
away from the place in the company of
reputable people, whose testimony must
be accepted as incontrovertible. In other
words, that he can prove a perfect alibi
from the facts.
His acquaintances, Mr. Hess. Arthur
Porter and D. C. Allen of 927 Market
street, as well as Attorney Quitzow, were
with him at different times when he is ac
cused of being with Campbell.
Two respectable ladies also spoke to
him and were iv his company Monday
afternoon -when he is supposed to have been
tying Campbell to chairs and frightening
him in tbe hope of having him sign a
$20,000 check. He will bring up other
witnesses also to sbow that the Hawaiian's
habits are such that he drinks to excess,
after which he is filled with hallucina
tions of robbery, torture and kindred
things not countenanced in reputable
communities.
This is how the position of the two fac
tions can be summed up, and both claim
ing to be ready for battle it is likely there
will be no delay.
ALAMEDA COUNTY TO AID
Oakland Churches Tendered for
the Christian Endeavor
Convention.
Ths Executive Committee of tbe
Golden Gite Union Receives
Gratifying Reports.
The free use of all churches in Oakland
for any meetings or headquarters for the
various State delegations during the great
international Christian Endeavor conven
tion to be held in this city next summer
was officially tendered to the executive
committee of the Golden Gate Union last
j evening by A. R. Waters of Oakland, who
| had been delegated to make such an offer
in the name of the Alameda County Chris
j tian Endeavor Union.
In making the offer Mr. Waters said the
union had over 40CO members, besides
1500 juniors, and all of these stood ready
to assist in the work of preoaration, and
would do anything from scrubbing to
leading a- procession.
The secretary was authorized to thank
the union.
Miss Mindora L. Berry, State secretary
| of the Missionary Extension Course, re
ported the organization of a Sunday
school and Christian Endeavor Society at
Glenwood among young people in the vi
cinity converted as the result of the sum
mer school held there during June. She
also reported a union organized in Hum
bold t County, with much interest mani
fested. She announced the reopening of
the Bible school in this City the latter
part of October. It was hoped that Dr.
! Robert Mackenzie can be secured to open
! the series.
The report of the good literature com
mittee showed that more than 10.UG0
papers, magazines and books had been
distributed to hospitals, jails, ships and
free reading-rooms, besides a great quan
tity distributed by local societies without
reference to the committee's work.
Mna Margaret Boyce, acting assistant
junior superintendent, reported a very
largely attended and enthusiastic conven
tion at the Grace Methodist Church last
Saturday. _
HARD FATE OF A HORSE.
His Keck Cruelly tacera'ed and His
Tail Nearly Torn Off.
Horses seem to be having a hard time.
The officers of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals have been kept
busy for tbe past few days investigating
cases reported and shooting disabled
brutes whose owners persisted in requir
ing them to work though sore and suffer
ing. Beveral cases of ordinary cruelty
were reported yesterday, and one some
what out ol the common was brought to
the society's notice.
A man named Gallager, living on How
ard street, owned a healthy young horse,
which he drove daily, being a teamster by
occupation. Last Saturday being an off
day the animal was staked out to graze in
a paddock near the Gallagher residence.
A boy living in the neighborhood, Mad
den byname, was seen to mount the horse
and ride off. Thinking the boy was only
going to take a ride around the block,
Gallagher did not interfere.
The next seen of boy and horse was in
San Jose on Sunday. The day of rest
passed, and on Monday the horse re
turned to his post, not, however, to work,
but to fall down exhausted in his master's
yard. The luckless animal's tail was
nearly torn off, while the flesh about his
neck "hung in bleeding, festering strips.
He had evidently been tied behind some
vehicle and dragged for miles at a furious
rate. An officer of ttw society was called
and, seeing the animal's misery, shot him
at the owner's request. Mr. Gallagher is
making efforts to secure the Madden
boy and when he does there will be a great
reckoning. __^
FOR WORDEN'S DEFENSE,
The American Railway Union
Appeals to the Work
ingmen.
Federal and State Court Judges and
the Railroad Roundly
Denounc d.
The recent refusal of the State Supreme
Conrt to grant a new trial to C. S.Worden,
who was convicted of murder in connec
tion with the wrecking of the Sacramento
train, has caused a storm of indignation
among the local railroad men and particu
larly the members of the American Rail
way Union No. 345 of San Francisco.
This body met Wednesday and the at
tendance was larger than it had been for
a year or two past. When the Worden
case came up the members were all of one
mind— that an innocent man was to be
hanged and that the Southern Pacific Com
pany and the courts were in collusion to
strike a blow at the striking railroad men
for daring to oppose the railroad.
As a result of their debate the members
of the union passed a resolution , bitter
and pointed as a spear dipped in gall.
The resolution recites that the Southern
Pacific, through its agents, is trying to
launch an innocent man into eternity.
Worden's innocence, the members assert,
tbey could have proved, but were pre
vented by the court's ruling out all evi
dence tending to Drove this assertion. In
tbe resolution the railroad, the Supreme
and the Federal courts are roundly de
nounced and au appeal is made to all
workmen not to stand idly by and see a
fellow-workman hanged.
A paragraph is devoted to Federal
Judge W. W. Morrow for his judicial con
duct in the case of Cassidy and Mayne,
charged with interfering with the running
of trains, charging him with refusing to
listen to all of the evidence. The Federal
Authorities also were denounced for failing
to prosecute Collis P. Hantineton.
The Worden case will be taken up by
the American Railway Union and another
effort will be made to save him from the
gallows. _^______^^_^_
HORSES WANTED TO RIDE
Frightened by Falling Glass
They Rush Upon a Crowded
"Dummy."
Passengers on a Sutter-Street Car
More Frightened Than Hart by
the Equities.
A Sotter-street cablecar and dummy
were proceeding up Sutter street between
4 and 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon. On
the dummy the seats were filled with
ladies and gentlemen. Between Kearny
street and Grant avenue, on the north
side of Sutter street, a cab was standing,
to which two horses were attached. A
driver was on the top of the cab.
Just as the Sutter-street dummy came
close to the cab, a crash was heard in a
hallway leading up to the second floor of
the building, numbered 226. A glazier
was at work upon a swinging door, half
way up the stairs, and part of a broken
pane of glass, of considerable size, fell fnm
the doorsash and rattled and crashed
upon the stairs.
The horses attached to the cab in front
of the buildine pricked up their ears and,
wittt sudden fright, whirled suddenly
round just as the dummy came directly
opposite. The carriage pole between the
horsos projected enough to strike against
the front upripht support of the dummy,
nearest the north sidowatk. Tiiere was a
sudden crash and a scattering of the peo
ple on the sides of the dummy. Some
jumped off and others fell off upon the
pavement.
One of the horses fell. The pole of the
cab was broken into splinters. While the
occupants of the car and dummy were
jolted and considerably startled by the
occurrence, no one was injured. One man,
whose name could not be learned, was re
ported to have limped as he got back on
the car. The horses were unhurt.
MEXICAN MONEY HERE.
Large Investments. Being Made in Cali
fornia Cattle and Sheep.
J. M. Williams, an extensive wheat and
livestock grower of Newman, CaL, is at
the Lick. Mr. Williams says that for the
last few weeks especially there has been a
large demand from Mexico for American
cows, calves and sheep for breeding pur
poses.
"I Know myself of several carloads that
have lately been bought in California and
shipped to the City of Mexico," said Mr.
Williams. "The cows were bought here
at from $30 to $40 in Mexican money, and
sold for $100 to $200 at the City of Mexico.
"It costs $248 for a car from El Paso to
th« City of Mexico, in Mexioan stiver, and
$124 in American money to El Paso.
"I sold lately to Mexico 318 sheep, for
which 1 received $24 each in Mexican
money. There is ab?o!utely no demand
here for cattle or sheep. I couldn't sell
the same sheep here for $4.
"There is lots of Mexican money comine
here now. I know of a large amount, of it
being distributed here. The Mexicans
don't seem to object at all to our prices.
They want to buy live stock especially. It's
a good thing for ua, and I want to see it
continue."'
KELLY'S FATE IS
IN THE BALANCE,
The Congressional Candi
date May Be Turned
Down.
HANLY'S PROXY FORGED.
To Be Placed Before the Demo
cratic State Central
Committee.
A LIVELY MEETING TO-NIGHT.
William Hinton Jr. Says That an
Affidavit Will Be Secured
for the Fisht
The forces that are arrayed against Jos
eph P. Kelly, the Democratic candidate
for Congress of the district convention in
the Fifth [ Congressional District, are ;pre
paring ■ for a grand <" coup when ; the Demo
cratic State Central Committee meets to
night, and if Kelly's name is on the ticket
after the Democratic State Convention ad
journs it will be because his friends in the
committee are stronger than his foes.
The hopes of the anti-Kellyites rest on
proving that - the candidate was indorsed
by means of a forged proxy, and this they
claim to be able to do without the slightest
difficulty. ' ' .'*'"
When the ballot for Congressional can
didates was taken at the recent district
convention in the Fifth there were ninety
six delegates present, \ twenty-six , from
Santa Clan, six from San Mateo and the
remainder from * San . Francisco. ; Forty
nine votes were necessary for *a ■ choice,
ana this number exactly Kelly received,
after the friends lof . the • opposing candi
dates had done everything in their power
to win his adherents. , ■'•• • -•
While the votes were being recorded the
name of W. C. Hanly, a hardware man,
was called, and his proxy was offered by
two men, one of -them being Thomas J.
Walsh and the other a man named Wil
son. Each claimed that be held the only
genuine proxy, ana the matter was placed
in the hands of a committee, which re
tired at once to pass on the documents.
The proxy held by Wilson was typewrit
ten, while that in the possession of Walsh
was written. After some deliberation the
Wilson document . was accepted, and the
vote secured Kelly * the \ indorsement, he
receiving a bare majority.* ' ' '
When the result was announced Max
Popper arose and moved that the indorse
ment be made unanimous, which was
done. Shortly after that rumors came to
the ears of the friends of James H. Barry,
who had hoped to gain the coveted honor,
that 7 underhand .means had been used to
gain for Kelly the indorsement of the con
vention,' and :a ? quiet investigation was
begun. '  . ( '-
The Hanly proxy matter seemed a
fruitful , field for research, and those who
took the matter in hand were not long in
striking a lead that developed into just
what they had been looking for. *-• '
Hanly was interviewed and flatly denied
that he had given a proxy to any one else
than Walsh, and said that -if 4 his name
was signed to any,. other document our
porting to be a proxy it was a forgery.
This was enough for those who were look
ing for crooked' work, and they at once
began a search for means to pull Kelly
down on the ground that the indorsement
had been gained by fraud, -ana that he j
was not really the choice of the convention, j
William Hinton Jr. is one of t those who
have been taking an active interest in the
matter, and he thinks that the crucial test
will come to-night. . ! . '■
"There seems to be no doubt," he said
last evening, "that Kelly's ; indorsement
for the nomination was secured *by means
of a forged proxy. Whether he wa« cog
nizant that the matter was being handled
as it was does not appear, nor does it
really matter, for : if ' he did not have a
genuine majority he did not get the in
dorsement fairly and should not be ; al
lowed to keep it. ' ... . ' . ,••
"Hanly has stated* unequivocally that
be did not give any one but Walsh a
proxy, and His affidavit to that effect will
be secured and presented; with other evi
dence that has been gathered, at the meet- '
ing ;of - the State Central • Committee to
night. ■ >
•We hope of course that this will re
open the entire matter, and that the in
dorsement will be -ignored by the State
Convention, but there may be an obstacle
to this in the action of the District Con
vention in making the indorsement
unanimous. Mr. Popper -of ; course { had
not the slightest idea that there was any
thing wrong when he moved to make the
indorsement 'unanimous, : or it never
would have taken that shape. ■
"However, there is no doubt that there
will be an interesting time at the meeting
to-night, and if Kelly pulls through it will
be because of his superior strength."
'■■ .'-' — ".",'."■'■'. . >/..- : ,. '- .
BRYAN SAYS "THANKS "
The German Democratic Club Re
ceives Letters From Bryan
and Sewall.
The German-American Democratic State
Central Club signalized its meeting in the
editorial-rooms of the California Oem
okrat Wednesday by receiving and filing
with pride letters from W. J. Bryan and
Arthur Sewall, in which these candidates,
over their signatures, acknowledged' the
receipt of resolutions passed by th« club at
its last meeting ard transmitted by Presi
dent Green blatt.
This organization is several years old'
and it has recently revived its activity.
At the meeting Herman Joost was elected
first vice-president and Rudolph Herold
second vice-president.
The letter from Mr. Bryan was as fol
lows:
Lincoln, Nebr., July 31, 1896.
M. Greenblatt, San Francisco, Cat— Dear Sir:
I am in receipt of your favor of July 20, con
veying to me tbe resolutions adopKu at the
meeting of the German-American Democratic
Stato Committee CluD of your City, and I de
sire to express to you, and through you to the
members of your club, my sincere thanks for
the resolutions passed and for the kind ex
pressions ot good will on the part of your club.
I am gratified to receive the assurances of
the interest in our cause among tbe German
Democrats of California, and desire to express
the hope that your club may continue to crow
in number and influence in your city as the
campaign progresses. Again thanking you for
the friendly interest you have manifested in
my behalf, I am, yours verytruly,
W. J. Bktak.
Mr. Sewall's missive read as follows:
Bats, Me., July 27, 1896.
If. Oreenblatt, Esq., German Democratic State
Central Club. San /Yanewco— Dear Sik: You
will please extend my tbauks to the German
Democratic State Central Club of California
for their hearty indorsement of our ticket and
platiorm.
The people at large, I believe, will "hail with
joy the remedy" now proposed by our great
party and indorsed by, in fact, a great major
ity of the voters ol this country, lor our pres
ent distressed condition. Tbey will recognize
that this is the last chance for their deliveV
ance from the aggressiveness of the gold mo
nopoly and the greed of other monopolies ex
isting in the country.
Their necessities have forced their investiga
tion of this question, and all who do inves •
gate it with an unprejudiced motive come to
one conclusion as to the cause ot our distress
to-day — our defective monetary system — and
the remedy lies in a reform of that system
and restoration of silver to a primary money
and free coinage, unrestricted and unlimited,
to both gold and silver. Yours truly,
Arthur Sew all.
No Fusion With Democracy.
Chairman Wardall of the State Central
Committeo of the People's party of Cali
fornia will leave for Los Angeles this
inorDing to attend the Congressional Con
vention of the People's party.
He informed a Call reporter yesterday
that the proposed scheme for a fusion of
Democrats and Populists on the Congres
sional ticket in that district had fallen
through because of the inability of the
Democrats to agree upon a man with
whom they could fuse.
'We will nominate a man of our own
for Congress," said Chairman Wardall,
"and the chances are that we will put up
a straight ticket all through. There are
three candidates for Congress there: Rev.
W. C. Bowman, H. C.Dillon and A. R.
Sprague. Nothing will be done with ref
erence to the proposed fusion on Presiden
tial electors until after the meeting of the
National Executive Committee of the Peo
ple's party in Washington next week. By
that time tbe Democratic National Com
mittee will have been heard from and a
basis of union will have been formulated."
Mr. Wardall will return to this City
next Monday.
A Bryan and Sewall Club.
A Bryan and Sewall Club was organized
in the Forty-third District at California
Hall, 620 Bush street, last night. The fol
lowing officers were elected: President,
A. M. Armstrong; vice-presidents, J. M.
Crane and Joseph Mansfield ; secretary,
R. C. Scott; treasurer, Samuel Newman;
executive committee— F. E. Durham, Ed
ward Wilson, Sylvester Sullivan, M. Jj'al
lon, Charles Dunne.
SEIZED DISEASED MEAT,
Unwholesome Beef Caught While
En Route to Chinese
Butchers.
The Drivers of the Wagon Taken
Into Custody by Police Cap
tain Spillane.
Captain Spillane of the police made an
important capture of diseased meat yes
terday, and as a consequence Thomas Ma
loney and Patrick Harrington are now
charged with violating the laws against
selling or having in possession tainted
meat, and a warrant is out for Hugh
O'Neil, whose horse-slaughtering estab
lishment was exposed several months ago.
The men were driving a wagon loaded
with the meat to town from the direction
of South San Francisco yesterday when
stopped by the police officer. He sur
mised that the meat was not fit for food
and held them in custody until Market
Inspector Ben Davis could be summoned.
Tbe Inspector at once said that the beef
was from cattle that bad suffered from
tuberculosis and he swore to complaints
against the men. They stated they had
received the meat from Hugh O'Neil,
whose slaughtering establishment was re
cently moved across the San Mateo County
line and that tbey had been instructed to
deliver the meat to Tuck Hing, a Chinese
butcher at 746 Sacramento street. Hing
and O'Neil will also be arrested for par
ticipatins in the handling of tbe meat.
Dr. Neif, the acting veterinary surgeon
of the Board of Health, stated that the
meat was the worst be had ever seen. Ef
forts had been made to remove all evi
dences of tuberculosis from the carcasses,
but many remained, the tubercles adher
ing to the ribs being as large as marbles.
THE EXAMINER WILL MOVE.
Its Plant to Be Placed in the Nucleus
Building.
It is probable that in the near future the
Examiner will be moved to the Nucleus
buildine on Market and Third streets.
Some time ago W. R. Hearst purchased
this property with a view of establishing
there a new home for his paper. Lack of
room and other causes caused him to tem
porarily abandon the project. That he in
tends soon to make this move is apparent
from the fact that he has recently pur
chased of the Cook estate twenty feet
more of ground on Stevenson and Third
streets. The sale and transfer was yester
day confirmed in the Superior Court.
From what can be learned, the Nucleus
building will not be torn down, but exten
sive alterations will be made that will per
mit the housing of the Examiner there.
NEW TO-DAY.
The Finish.
Get in at the Finish ! Don't stand back and
let others get away with all those $9 Suits !
Sale closes Saturday night.
All our ready-made Clay Worsted, Cheviot
and Scotch Tweed Suits, that were $11.50, $i 4
and $17, go this week at $9.00 !
If you miss this sale you miss the crowning
sale of the remarkable campaign we have con-
ducted this year.
Next week we open our New Fall Stock. All
these suits must be out of the wsy.
COME TO THE FINISH !
Our workrooms are open for inspection to any and all who care to know
how we make our clothes. And our books are likewise open to all legiti-
mate labor organizations who care to know the wages we pay our em-
ployes.
Columbian Woolen Mills,
541 Market Street.
GOLD FOR GOLD
TO BE THE ROLE,
No Cause for Uneasiness
Among Savings Bank
Depositors.
POLICY OF THE BANKS.
There Will Be No Attempt to Pay
in Silver Should That Metal
Be Remonetized.
BANKERS MUST BE HONEST.
Their Prosperity and Existence De*
pends on the Confidence of
Their Customers.
One of the unexpected results of the
present agitation of the money question is
the uneasiness that has been created in
the minds of savings bank depositors, and
for which there is no apparent reason.
This feeling has deterred some from mak
ing further deposits and induced other: to
withdraw some portion, and in a few in
stances all, of their money from the insti
tutions to which it had been intrusted.
Tbe result of this, it is claimed, is not in
any way to weaken the banks, but to cause
a contraction in the present amount of
gold in circulation. People, instead of
putting their savings in banks, whence
tbey are returned to circulation through
loans, keep their money about their per
son or secrete it in some place in or about
their dwelling, where it is kept idle and
rendered unfruitful.
This feeling of uneasiness is due to tbe
fear that should silver be remonetized at
the Tatio of 16 to 1 the banks would at
tempt to repay depositors who had sur
rendered gold in silver coin that would
in the opinion of these fearsome people
be at a discount.
How unfounded are such misgivings is
shown by the interview with President B.
A. Beckei of the German Savings and
Loan Society.
"Nothing more absurd could be con
ceived than this idea," said Mr. Becker,
when the subject was broached to him.
"You ask whether tbe savings banks will
attempt to repay depositors in silver
should free silver be declared for in the
coming election. Most decidedly not.
"The bank that would attempt to do
that could not keep its doors open for
forty-eight hours. There would b« no
need to pursue such a course. Let me
explain :
"All loans made by the savings banks of
this City, and of the whole State for that
matter, are made payable in gold coin
both principal and interest. vVe receive
gold from depositors — the gold with which
to make these loans, and it is preposterous
to suppose that any bank will attempt to
pay back to depositors anything else but
gold.
"We handle very little silver, and fre
quently have to send to the Mint to get
what little silver coin wo require to make
change. We would thus have to go out of
our way to procure silver, and the method
we would have to follow under such cir
cumstances would he nothing less than dis
honest.
''The moment you find a man dishonest
you don't want to do any more business
with him, and tbe savings bank business
more than any other is built up on confi
dence. The moment that is lacking up
goes the bank."
When Mr. Becker's attention was called
to the fact that a question had arisen as to
whether contracts, notes, mortgages, etc.,
made payable in gold coin could not be
paid in any legal tender — silver, if that
metal was remonetized — he replied :
"A specific contract law exists in Cali
fornia which provides that contracts made
payable in gold must be paid in that kind
of coin. There are some States in which
there is no such law, and all debts can be
paid in any legal tender, no matter what
is specified in the contract. In such
States gold, greenbacks, gold notes, silver
certificates, National bank notes and sil
ver coin, should silver be remonetized,
would all be available for the use of tbe
debtor."
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
v Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mail — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall- .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1-00
WilUcly Call, one year, by mall *«*0
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you polng to the country on a vacation ? If
••, It la no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
miss It. Order* given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTItA CHARGE. x
BUSINESS OFFICE i
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS I
617 Clay Street
Telephone .».;.. Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES!
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
8:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street : open cntll 9:30 o'clock.
713 Xarkla street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
few. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock,
116 Math street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
COS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE t . ,
r.ooms 31 and 32, 84 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
FRIDAY. AUGUST 14, 1898
IKE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOB PBZSIDXXT-
WiLLIAM McKINLEY, of Ohio
108 TICF.PRJL*IDE>*T-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
EI.KCTIO?* MtVKMREK 3, 18»«.
The boy orator has busted.
Cleveland did no f even sand pis regrets.
It was a scattering speech and it scat
tered the crowd.
A'l agree that Bryan'?, speech was lone, !
but who says it was broad?
The New Yorkers heard Bryan out, but
they wouldn't wait for Sewall.
The deficit continues to rise, but fortu
nately Democracy is going down.
The Nebraska spellbinder did not work
any better in New York than a hayrake.
Every Republican should join a Repub
lican club and take part in the work of the
canvass.
Democracy and panic are becoming
synonymous terms in well-informed busi
ness circles.
All the well-known Democrats of New !
York seem to have been out of town when
Bryan arrived.
If a multitude of words can cover up a j
platform, Bryan's speech has done the j
job for the one be stands on.
There are very few men in the Demo- j
cratic camp who can explain even to !
thjemselves what they are there for.
From the crowd that greeted Bryan at
Madison-square Gardens it seems evident
the Bowery must have been deserted.
1
The Democratic National Committee i
knows that Gorman is slick and some of i
them remember that he is also slippery.
The middle-of-the-road Populists will
observe that Bryan did not accept their
platform or even give thanks for the
offer ol it.
According to the reports the audience
that greeted Bryan in New York was yery
enthusiastic a*, the start, but he talked it
tired before he quit.
Elliott Danforth introduced Bryan to
the New Yorkers, and now some one
should introduce Danforth to the coun
try; the people don't know him.
It is certain that Bryan's speech was a
sad disappointment to the crowd that
went to hear it. They expected a great
oration and they got a verbose manuscript.
It is not certain yet whether that Madi
son-square Garden affair was intended to
be a revival for silver Democrats or a
iuneral for Whitney and David Bennett
Hill.
McKinley was nominated because he
was known and honored throughout the
land, wbile Bryan is becoming a little bit
known because he happened to be nomi
nated.
The expenditure! of the D cited States
are not too great for the wealth of tha
Nation, but we need a tariff that will yield
a better revenue and we also need able
men to administer it.
The cry of the Democratic organs that
the Republican party is opposed to silver
has died out. Tbe thing was too plainly
contradicted by the Republican platform
to live even the ordinary life of a campaign
lie.
Sound-money and sound*businas3 Demo
crats who will vote for MeKinl^y, but do
not wish to join Republican clubs, should
organize clubs of their own and bring tha
voters of their faith together. Nothing
can be done by scattering, but much can
be accomplished by organization.
This Nation will never repudiate an
obligation, it will never depreciate its coin
age, it will never wrong its creditors nor
lower the value of the wages of its work
ingmen. It will maintain its honor as its
life and seek prosperity by providing hon
est mor.ey for honest labor, instead of
trying to evade a debt by juggling with its
currency.
McKinley's statement to the veterans of
his old regiment on Wednesday: "I be
lieve it is a good deal better to open up the
mills of the United States to the labor of
America than to open the mints of the
United States to the silver of the world,"
contained more pith, point and good
sonnd sense than the whole of Bryan's
long harangue.
The Republican weeklies of the interior
are doing noble work for tbe good cause
and (should be widely circulated during
the campaign by the Republican clubs of
their localities. The best campaign docu
ment that can be designed to convert
Democrats is a live Republican paper that
tells him tbe advantage of protection to
his own county.
BRYAN NOTIFIED.
No doubt those who heard Mr. Bryan
in Madison-square Garden were made
drunk on enthusiasm by his matchless
oratory and no doubt a great many went
away believing that new and valuable
political truths had been revealed to them.
Mr. Bryan never forgets the instructions
which Hamlet gave to his players and
carefully avoids "sawing the air too much
with hands," so in "the torrent, tempest
and whirlwind of passion" he always as
sumes a temperance which gives the play
smoothness and tbe highest, the most
intense and the most thrilling dramatic
effect withal. Mr. Bryan knows how to
make it appear that depth is being given
to shallow sentiment and in that lies his
greatest power to please— and to deceive,
too.
That the sentiment about which Mr.
Bryan wound threads of pleasing rhetoric
is shallow no one who carefully analyzes
his speech will deny, but like as in all
shallow waters dangers to craft lurk
everywheie. The central thought of Mr.
Bryan's speech and that which sustained
the burden of his argument makes the pur
pose of that wing of the Democratic party
clear and certain.
At the very outset Mr. Bryan declared
that wealth is trespassing upon the
rights of the individual. War was then
and there declared against capital and
labor invited to take up arms against it.
He saia, "we welcome such opposition,"
meaning the industrial and commercial
enterprises of the Unitea States that are
opposing his free trade and unsound
money theories of government. Mr.
Bryan quoted from Andrew Jackson to
fortify his communistic aims, but he
neglected to say that Andrew Jackson
called down Calboun and others for advo
cating a political doctrine fariess in oppo
sition to tbe spirit of the National Govern
ment than was implied in bis own utter
ances.
Mr. Bryan likened the men of this coun
try who have gridironed the land with
railways for tbe benefit of commerce, and
who have erected mills and factories
everywhere to highwaymen, and by inti
mation at least he urjed his hearers to
combine against capital— against the very
capital that is the co-worker of labor in
transforming the material resources of the
country into merchantable products. Is
it good for wage-earners who operate rail
ways of the country to have Mr. Bryan try
to set them in hate against the source of
their income? Is it good for operatives in
tbe shops, the mills and the factories of
the country to have Mr. Bryan going up
and down the land denouncing their em
ployers as highwaymen and calling upon
them to declare war against the capital
that pays them their wages? Neverthe
less that is what Mr. Bryan's speech
means.
Mr. Bryan has removed all doubt as to
what influence dominates him. His attack
upon capital and his effort to inaugurate
a war of classes is Altgeldism, and should
Mr. Bryan be elected Altgeld will be tbe
staff upon which the President will lean.
Aside from the attack upon those who
conduct ihe great business and transporta
tion interests of the country Mr. Bryan's
speech is a rehash of what he has been
saying for twe months, only that tbe re
hashing of it dulls many of the sharp
points.
To sum up Mr. Bryan's speech. On the
money question he contradiots the ablest
political economists and statesmen of all
parties. On tbe tariff question be contra
dicts the experience of the country for
more than a century. On the question of
internal improvements he believes Gov
ernment expenditure of money sbonld be
gin and stop with tbe Mississippi River.
On the question of agriculture he believes
the American farmer should have no pro
tection against the cheap-labor countries
of Europe and South America. On the
sugar-bounty question he believes it no
better to demand a bounty on sugar than
to rob a man on the highway. On tbe sil
ver question he believes the Government
should double the price of the silver
miner's product.
"I AM FOR TREE WOOL."
When Bryan was in Congress he an
nounced with all the force he could wring
out of words, "I am for free wool !" Al
ready the sheep men of Nebraska and
other Western Btates are forming organi
zations to work against his election, and
very many of them were ardent free
silver and Bryan men a fortnight ago.
They are still for silver, but as between
free silver and protected wool they prefer
tbe latter; besides, the idea of Mr. Mc-
Kinley that this country needs to have the
industries opened to labor very much
more than to have the mints opened to
silver just at this time is finding favor in
all the sheep States.
Sheep-raiaers are beginning to see that
free-silver toinage would not increase the
demand for wool, but that the opening of
woolen factories under proper protection
would not only increase the demand, but
very materially advance wool values. Had
Mr. Bryan known what a boomerang he
was casting forth when he declared "I am
for free wool," he probably would have
been a little more circumspect, but his
record on the tariff question is being dis
tributed pretty freely in all the States,
and tbe wool producers of the West are
not the only Bilver men who are deserting
his flag.
Tbe man, whaterer.his occupation may
be, is unwise if he think* tbe tariff ques
tion is not paramount. There can be no
prosperity until the business situation is
relieved of the obstructions which the
Wilson tariff has put in the way. When
they shall b« removed and there is activity
throughout all the highways of trade and
traffic the Republican party will see to it
that the mints are opened to the coinage
of silver in a way that the question of the
parity of a silver dollar with a gold dollar
will never be thought of, because every
dollar will be 100 cents and exchangeable
for any other kind of a dollar on a basis of
par. "I am for free wool" is doing a noble
work for protection and prosperity every
where.
A PRANK ADMISSION.
It was very good of Mr. Bryan to con
tradict himself by asserting that Blame,
Sherman and otber distinguished Repub
licans had always been biroetallists. A
moment before he charged that the Re
publican party was wedded to the gold
standard, but to prove that bimetallism
is tbe proper thing he quoted from Repub
lican authority. Of course he did not stop
to think that he was not only contradict
ing himself, but was actually commend
ing the Republican party for adhering to
the bimetallic monetary system.
Hereafter Democratic speakers and
newspapers will be a little careful when
they talk about the Republican party
being a "polabug" party, for their can
didate for President asserts positively that
tbe leading men of the Republican party,
and who are enthusiastically supporting
Major McKinley, are pood enough bimet
allists for anybody. But Mr. Bryan tells
no news. The Republican party is now
and has always bee© ior a bimetallic cur
rency. The difference between Demo
cratic and Republican bimetallism is that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1896.
Democratic bimetallism would iminedi-
ately lead to silver monometallism, while
Republican bimetallism is absolutely sure
to lead to tbe use of both metals to the
full extent of tbeii production; and not
only so, but, the Republican plan will keep
all kinds of dollars right up to 100 cents.
In admitting that the Republican party
is committed to bimetallism Mr. Bryan
practically admits that his own plan of re
instating silver is not tenable. At least in
quoting from the leaders of the Republi
can party, who are for a bimetallic cur
rency, he tacitly admits that their plan is
the correct one, and in that he is justified
by the facts. Mr. Bryan is young and in
experienced in the practical application of
economic theories, but the Republicans
whom he quotes have been engaged in
directing the affairs of the Nation for
more than a quarter of a century. It fol
lows, therefore, that as between them and
Mr, Bryan they should know best how to
open the mints to the coinage of silver.
In adhering to the theory that we could
resume silver coinage on au unlim
ited scale independent of the people of
other nations with whom we do an im
mense business, Mr. Bryan tacitly admits
that his position is not at all in harmony
with the opinion of Republicans who
have been making the money question a
study since before he was born, and as be
tween the two it is safe to believe that the
people will follow the advice of Senator
Sherman, Major McKinley and other dis
tinguished Republican bimetallists.
THE DUTY OF LAEOR.
There are over 5,000,000 spindles stand
ing idle in >ew England alone. But wo*t
is true of cotton and woolen mills in the
East is true of every industry, no matter
woeie it ia located ; aud when it is remem
bered that when a mill or factory eh uts
down the influence ia felt all along tho
line down to the raw material, the mis
fortunes which have come upon tbe coun
try through tbe Wilson tariff act will be
better appreciated. The relation between
labor and capital nas been severed, and
capital is in hiding wbile labor is idle and
hungry. There never was a time in the
history of the country when labor was in
such Distress as now, and it is a severe
commentary on the supposed excellence of
our system of government.
If the country had never been ble3sed
with the advantages of protection we
would not know what elevated and intelli
gent labor was, but until the tariff act of
1890 was repealed labor was in the habit of
enjoyinj? life to the uttermost, besidea
putting aside a few dollars every month
for a "rainy day." Now, however, all the
days are "rainy" for labor, there are no
savings to draw upon, and labor feels the
change very keenly. But labor must not
forget that it constitutes a majority of the
population and that it has it in its power
to reinstate the tariff act of 1890, which
gave it so much prosperity. It would
seem thut labor, knowing its own political
power as it does, would perfect club and
other organizations io as to be able to
throw its entire vote in November fora
governmental policy that would secure it
plenty of work at good wages six days in
tbe week.
A. good many wage-earners have got an
idea that it is the money question that
most interests them, but they make a
great mistake by not demanding a tariff
that will guarantee them steady work as
tbe first step toward prosperity. The
present monetary system makes one dollar
as good as another, and there is enough
money to put the industries in active
operation and give all kinds of labor
steady work in pay that is as good as gold.
After the mills and factories and shops are
in full blast, then let labor turn its atten
tion to the money question and demand a
bimetallic system that shall make a silver
American dollar as good as a gold dollar
anywhere in the world. First, however,
let labor put things in shape to give it
work, and that it can do by simply de
claring that it wants and will have protec
tion against tha cheap and pauper labor of
other countries. If labor i? in earnest in
its cry for employment, lt-t it organize and
participate in the campaign against
Bryan's cheap money and repudiation
theories, schemes and plans.
JAPAN AND IEEE TRADE.
It is shown in to-day's Caix that Jap
aneße goods are made at a cost that
Americans cannot compete with. While
tbe importations of such goods are not yet
large enough to cause serious trouble, a
study of the situation shows that factories
are being extended throughout the realm
of the Mikado, and the day is not far dis
tant wben the American wage- worker and
manufacturer will feel the competition
keenly.
Japan furnishes a fine object lesson, a
splendid example of the way uryanism
would work. Witbcut a tariif the goods
of the Japanese, like those of other cheap
labor countries, would prove a menace to
American labor and capital alike. In a
land where little children work for 5 to 8
cents a day, and where artisans do not get
more than ten to twelve times that sum
for a day of ten hours, goods can be made
at prices ruinous to competition in a land
like the United States.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE,
Clarence Holt, the veteran English actor, is
about to publish his reminiscences.
Lord Roberts has been granted $30,000
for the purpose of the military maneuvers in
Ireland.
Li Hung Chang during bis stay In Paris
generally lunched witn M. Hanotauz on the
Eiffel Tower.
The London Dally News says: "Wo have to
congratulate the veteran tenor Sims Reeves
on the birth of a son. Bims Reeves is 74 years
of age."
John Morley has rented Hilders, Hasle
mere, from Mr. McLaren, M. P., for several
weeks, and will go there as soon as Parliament
is prorogued.
Eighteen years ago J. B. Robinson, the South
African millionaire, kept a small grocery-store
in the Orange Free State. He is «ald to be now
worth $25,000,000.
According to London papers there is no
truth in the report that Sir H. Johnston in
tendg to retire from the post of High Commis
sioner in Central America.
It is rumored that the will of the late Lord.
Clonmell, who has left all his property away
from his family, is likely to become the cause
of a good deal of litigation.
Senator Patrick Walsh of Georgia says: "At
to bloomers women can best decide. I have a
secret hope that ttiey will stick to skirts and
remain sweat and womanly."
A dinner party at Windsor Castle recently
included the Marquis and Marchioness of Salis
bury, the Bishop of Peterborough, the Duke
and Duchess of Maryborough and the Earl and
Countess of Lathora.
P Massenet's "Manon" was given In Frencb|at
Cov*nt Garden recently beiore a crowded
audience, which included the Prince and
Princes* of Wales and their daughters aud
Prince Charles of Denmark.
Elizabeth Blackwell, M. P., who at the aga
of 75 has just published a book of autobio
graphical notes entitled "Pioneer Work in
Opening the Medical Profession to Women,"
was the first woman to receive a medical di
ploma from any medical colleg« in this coun
try or Europe.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
George D. Moore, a wealthy general mer
chant of Ban Antonio, Tex., who for many
years did business in lowa, where be was long
the intimate friend of Senator Gear, is at the
Grand.
Mr. Moore is here to await the arrival of
some friends from Salt Lake, when they will
proceed to the islands of the Pacific, across
the Indian Ocean, and probably around the
world.
For over thirty-five years Mr. Moore has been
continually in business, and he now wants to
give himselt a little rest.
"Texas is so big a State," he said last night,
"that for a long time I didn't know whether I
would ever get far enough away to get out of
it. However, here lam at last.
*'I presume it is hardly known here that San
George D. Moore of San Antonio, Now at the Grand, Who Tells of the Great
Ranch of Mrs. King, the Texas Cattle Queen.
[Sketched from Ufa by a "Call" artul.]
Antonio is yet the greatest cattle mart In the
country. Most people think that the days of
the great cattle-growers, what you call the
booms, are almost over. But if you go to San
Antonio and thereabout you will find great
ranches aud hundreds of thousands of cattle
yet.
"The cattle queen of the couDtry is Mrs.
King, who has an enormous ranch, sixty-five
miles across, and how long t don't know, but
an enormous principality in itself, and having
on it many hundred thousand head oi cattle.
Some time since a sale was on tapis for this
ranch, and the agreement was made dovvn to
the saddle horses that were to go with it, but
on them they stuck, and a sale for millions
failed to go through.
"I know another cattle ranch there that is
120 miles around. There are many other great
ranches there.
"As for San Antonio it has about 60,000 in
habitants. It U a little quiet now, but in the
main is as good a business point as 1 know. The
climate is good, too. lam very well satisfied
with it. How is politics in Texas T Well, you
know, things usually go one way in Texas,
and I suppose it will go that way this year.
No, I shall not leave here for a week at least. I
want to stay and see more of this city and the
surroundings, of which I have long heard."
THE NEW FLAG OF CRETE.
The flag recently adopted by Crete has some
resemblance to that of Greece, a nation that
stands nearest to her in racial and religious
ties,
From the earliest time t0 67 B. C. the Cretans
had maintained their independence against
tbe various monarchies by whom they were
surrounded. In that year, however, the peo
ple were subdued by Qulntus Metellus, who
thereby earned his surname Creticus. From
that time until the reign of Constantine the
Great, A. D. 323, Crete was under the adminis
tration of the Roman Governor on the oppo
site coast of Africa. Under Constantine it was
made a sepftrate iJro-v nee under a Governor of
consular rank, aud so continued to form a uart
of the Byzantine Empire until the year A. D.
823, when it was captuied by the Saracens, who
successfully resisted all efforts to recapture it
until the year A. D. 960, when it again passed
under the Byzantine eagle, and bo continued
until A. D. 1204, when Contantinople was
taken by the Latins and the Byaautine Empire
was overthrown.
Crete fell to the lot of the Marquis of Mont
serratand was by him sold to ihe Venetians,
and continued under that powerful commer
The flag just adopted by the Provisional Government of Crete con
sists of nine stripes (five blue and four white), taken from the Grecian
flag, with the Byzantine eagle in the center.
The Greek flag-, which appears immediately below the Cretan en
sign, has five blue and four white stripes, running longitudinally, with
a white cross on a blue field in upper left-hand corner and a golden
crown in the center of the cross.
cial republic for over 400 years. In 1667—
over 200 year* after tne capture of Constanti
nople by the Turks— the subjection of the
whole Island to the Ottoman power wag accom
plished by the fall of Csndia, which had stood
a slega of ov«r twenty years. For 229 years
follow ing the crescent emblem of Mohamme
danism has waved over Christian Crete.
In choosing a flasf to replace the symbol of
fanaticism and oppression and to mark them
among the family of the nations it is very
natural and entirely appropriate for the brave
and uneonquerable'ißlanders to go back to the
Byzantine era and choose the emblem placed
over them by the Great Constantine, and un
der which for over 500 consecutive years and
a«ain after an interval of 137 years of Sara
cenic rule— for 244 years more— they enjoyed a
period of peace and prosperity that they have
never known since;
Crete still retains the name she had under
the Byzantine Government. The Byaantine
eagie was the only emblem of authority ever
raised on the island which the people wel-
corned and approved and in time cama to love
ami regard as their own.
No oilier natioa that once formed a part of
the Byzantine Empire and acknowledged the
authority represented by the Byzantine eagle
claims or uses it as its standard.
Crete is the logical and historical heir to the
emblem. Bhe has never recognized any otber
as her own.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
THE FIRST PLOW. ' "
One Madk in Oeegon Which Was Used iw
.. ' 1846.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call—
Sib: As there appears to be a controversy as
to the date of making the first plow on the Pa
cific Coast and as to who made it permit ma to
say that 'both Mr. Capp and the claimant for
Mr. Balbach are "away off" in their state
ments.
Upon my arrival on the Pacific Coast in 1845
I found a large number of plows in use. by the
farmers in Oregon that were made on the Pa
cific Coast. It is true the plows in question
were made in Oregon, but upon consulting the
maps I find Oregon to be a portion of the Pa
cific Coast. '■■'
The first American settlers in Oregon were,
missionaries of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, and nearly all hailed from the New
England States. They brought their Yankee
thrift and enterprise with them in the same
ship that brought their prayer-books and
Bibles.
in that party of missionaries was a Connec
ticut blacksmith by the name of Alanson Buss.
It did not take Buss long to discover that plow
making paid better than convert-naking, so
to plow-making be went, and in a few years
he acquired what in those days was regarded
as a handsome fortune. I used one of the Buss
plows — made in Oregon— in -1846 on the farm
of Hon. W.H. Reese in. Oregon, and again in
the spring of 1850 on the American River,
near Sacramento, Cal. It was along in the late
thirties when Buts made his first plows on this
coast. < >. : . J. C. Geek.
Modesto, August 9, 1896.
TOMMY WATSON'S PART.
\ „ I: Cleveland Leader.
Mr. Bryan can now arrange it so that, while
Mr. Bewail is carrying the cross of gold, Tom
Watson may trot along behind with the crown
of thorns. ■■■«■.•■■,.■.---
NEVER MIND, MR. SEWALL.
Chicago Post.
Never mind, Mr. Sewall, the silveritei pay
you may play in their yard, anyway.
PERSONAL.
Q. G. Kimball of Red Bluff is at the Palace.
Dr. H. H. Clark of Santa Cruz is in the City.
William R. Rowland of Los Angeles is in
town.
Dr. T. B. Read of Sacramento ia here for a
short stay.
( George Waite, a business man of Los Angeles,
is on a visit here.
A. Mich nelson, an artist of London, England,
is at the Occidental.
L. J. Maddox, an attorney of Modesto, is
registered at the Grand.
J. F. Deafendorf, a real estate operator of
San Jose, is at tbe Grand.
W. H. Clary Jr., son of a rich mine-owner of
Sheep Ranch, is at tbe Lick.
Ogden Mills, the well-known busines man of
Salt Lake, is at the Occidental.
C. W. Thompson, owner of a large general
store at Tom ales, is at the Kuss.
E. C. Cuip of Kansas, who is interested in
California gold mines, is in the City.
F. W. Yokum, a mining man and extensive
landowner of Le Grand, is at the Russ.
Cecil B. Burkham, son of Postmaster Burk
ham of Bodie, is here on a business trip.
Mrs. W. J. Scott and family of San Luis
Obispo are guests at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
S. H. Barrett, general agent for Forepaugh
and Sells' circus, is at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
A. D. Remington, the paper manufacturer of
Watertown, N. J., is among tbe recent arrivals
here.
Lieutenant R. B. Belknap of the United
Btates navy arrived here from the Orient
yesterday.
Thomas Clark, owner of a rich gold mine
near Place rville, is among the recent arrivals
at the Grand.
Charles K. MeClatohy of the Sacramento
Bee and Mrs. McClatchy aud children are vis
iting friends in this City.
Dr. James A. Hart of Colorado Springs, who
who has been on a two mouths' visit to Japan,
arrived here yesterday en route home.
M. V. Vanderhoof, ex-Deputy Sheriff and now
Assessor of Santa Cruz County, is here on a
brief visit and is registered at tbe Russ.
Ex-Governor James H. Kinkead of Nevada,
who is now superintendent of some of the
leading Comstock properties, is at the Palace.
L. Samuel Montague, a banker of London,
was among those who reached here on the
steamer Coptic yesterday. He is at the Occi
dental,
Morris U. Bates, who for twenty-one years
has been editor and one of the owners of the
Commercial Daily News, is dangerously ill at
his residence, 403 Clayton street. Physicians
are trying to aid him so that he can be goc to
the country. Hla iliness is said to be caused
by an affection of the kidneys.
Andrew Wasson, Collector of the Port at
Port Townsend, Wash., and in 1890-91 a mem
ber of the Legislature of that State, is at the
Palace. Mr. Wasson is an old Calitornian and
was formerly Sheriff of Monterey County. In
this capacity he ran some of the most des
perate characters to earth and succeeded in
ridding the State of them. He will be in San
Francisco and other parts of California for
some little time.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 13.— At the St.
Cloud, Mrs. J. Hubert; Holland— Mrs. L. H.
Ellis, A. Rutherford, R. Weill, O. Black; Im
perial, C. C. Moore; 6t. Denis— W. H. Stanley,
J. J. Wirtner; Park Avenue. C. H. Ball; Hoff*
man, L. Stagge and wife; Metropole, E. New
man.
NO WHEEL FOR HIM.
Give me a pair of sturdy legs
And fair outfit of fe-?i,
And I'll forego the bicycle,
However light and fleet.
For where's the wheelman knows the wood,
Of views the cloud-flecked sky T
Or leaps the fence to meet a lass
A-comlu' through the rye? '.
To every glimpse of loveliness
His set, grim eyes are blind;
: Be only see* the skimming road, -
And counts the miles behind. , •
' And should he meet a maid a-whee
■' • He can't think aye or no - ■ . - « - .
' , Jsre he or she have whisked apart - 5 ;
t- A dozen leagues or so. .
Then give me my convenient legs,
' That go where'er I bid.
' Heaven keep them always tireless
As when I was a kid. —Buffalo Courier,
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Domestic Economy in the Spelling Class—
Teacher— Tommy, spell napkin.
Tommy— N-a-p, nap, k-i-n, kin; napkin.
Teacher— Right. Define napkin, Tommy.
Tommy— Napkin is something we use whan
we nave company.— Browning, King & Co. 'a
Monthly.
Henry Peek— Does your wife aeold you for
coming home late?
Crabbe— Not a bit of it.
Henry Peck— How do you manage itt
Crabbe— l don't have any wife.— Philadelphia
North American.
"Mabel," said the man who favon free sil
ver, "that young man who calls to see you re
mains altotcether too laic. It was after half
past 12 when he started for borne last night."
"I can't help it, father"
"Can't you give him some kind of a hint?"
"I did. But he said he had too much respect
for your sentiments to think of leaving until
16 minutes to I."— Washington Star.
"Our agreement was that you were to have
half if we won the suit," declared the client.
"Exactly," responded the lawyer, "but you
got only half what you sued for and that is
j ust my share."— Detroit Free Press.
Teacher— What was the reason oar ancestor!
did not have any knowledge of tne earth being
round? Speak out, Johnnie.
Johnnie— Perhapi it was because they didn't
have any school globes in thos* days.—Tam
many Times. _^
! "Why have Ashley | and Miss Gushington
broken off ?"
"He thought to compliment her by saying
that she reminded him of his — Cleve
land Leader. -v
"What's this I hear you're going to do, Jen
nie?" said an Aberdeen lass to another woman.
"Well, Maegie, lass, I'm just going to marry
that ; farm over there and live with the little
chap on it."-*Loadon Tit-Bits. . ,;
I'm as happy as a lark In Hay.
What is it makes me sot
I've asked my love to be my wits.
1 And sue has answered "No."
Then why should I be Jubilant?
Me thinks I heard you say.
Still I'm as happy as a lark
That sings Its song in May ,
For when a maiden says she won't
' You know she means she will. .
Therefore, though I have been refused,
Una is my darling still.
—Cleveland- Leader.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Chemistry— F. T.W., City. Chemistry ia not
taugnt at the evening sessions of the Poly
teennic High School.
Fobty-Fivi— W. T. 6., City. In the game of
forty-five, if two or four engage, the first side
making forty-five wins.
Company H— O. 8., City. Company H, Fifth
Infantry, U, 8. A., is at thlß time stationed at
Fort McPherson, Georgia.
Twentieth Century— A. C. X., Auburn,
Plocer County, Cal. The twentieth century
commences with the year 1901.
Calikorn-ia Bonds— J. L. w., Ban Diego, Cal.
Bonds In the State of California, both State and
municipal, are payable in gold eoia.
"The WritW-C. W., City. "The Writer,"
a publication ior the use of literary workers
is published in the city of Boston, Mass. '
A Valuable Five-E. W. T., City. A five
dollar piece of 1833 commands a premium of
from $4 50 to $7 50, according to the state of
preservation. w
Preparatory Bchool-F. T. R., City. In the
Lincoln Evening School there Is a dass from
which the graduates can apply for admission
to tbe University of California.
Corbbtt-Sharkky— F. C. J., City. The fight
betw««n Corbett and Sfcarkey took place in this
City oa Uxe 84th of last June. Th« next fight
between them is to come off some time within
six months from June 26. the date of tha
signing of tbe articles, but the date has not
yet been fixed. •
Architbctckb-A. J. S.. City. At this time
there is no class in architecture in the Lincoln
Evening School. There i* such a claw at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art, but it is not dl
rectiy connected wiib the School of Design, it
is under the supervision of the Architects-
Guild. _
The Railroad Kino-A. O. 8., City, William
Henry Vanderbilt, son of Cornelius, died De
cember 8, 1885. He succeeded to the bulk of
the naternal estate. By his will he left to each
of hFsefght chUdren 510,000,000; to Cornelius.
bta . eldest son, $2,000,000 o }'*^. B , l :
due went in equal shares to his i two 'eldest
sons, but charged with an annuity of $200,000
to his widow. • "-' .''
Doubtful Value-W. J. 8., Angel Island,
Cal. A $10 bill issued by the State of Ala
bama, "payable to bearer and redeemable in
five per cent coupon bonds of tn» Stata, or in
Confederate treasury notes, at tbe option of
the State," is a piece of paper of very doubtful
value. As there are no Confederate notes at
this time, and the State of Alabama has not
mnde any provision for the cancellation of wi
deDts, it is hardly probable that the bill in
question "would be redeemed on preaeaUtion
at the State treasury of Alabama.
Snakes in Ibeland— B. , City. Snakes are not
indigenous to Ireland, yet there is nothing in
either soil or climate to prevent their natural
lzation. To test this snakes were introduced
in County Down in 1831. They were of a
harmless species. They were purchased at Co
vent Garden market, numbered six and were
turned out in the garden of Rath Oau House.
One of these was killed at Milecross -week
after being liberated. Three more were killed
within six weeks, but the other two were not
traced, although a reward was offered for their
capture. In 1834, according to a Belt&st cor
respondent of the Dublin Penny Post, snakes
were again introduced in Ireland and they
thrived.
Biphop, The Novelist— C. R., San Diego, Cal.
W. H. Bishop, the novelist, was born in Hart
ford, Conn., January 7, 1847. He graduated
at Yale, studied architecture in New York
City, passed some time in the United States
architect's otiice in Washington, D. C.
After that he edited a newspaper In Mil
waukee, Wts., and then returned tn New York
Chy, where he remained from 1877 to 1888,
when he went to Europe for an extended tour.
His first story, "One of the Thirty Pieces," ap
peared in the Atluntic Monthly in 1576. His
books are: "Detmold, a Romance" (1579),
'•The Household of a Merchant Prince" (lS^),
"Choy Susan and Other Stories" (1884), "Old
Mex'.oo and Her Lo«i Provinces" (1884), "Tha
Golden Justice" (1880), and "The Brown Stona
Boy" (1888).
The First Railroad— A. C. R., City. The
first railroad projected in the United Statei
was that built by Gridley Bryant in 1825. It
ran from the granite quarries of Quincy,
Mass., to nearest tidewater, th« Neponset
River, distant four miles. It waa used to carry
granite for the building of the Bunker Hill
monument. The rails were flat, wooden onea,
'aid on wooden sleepers and covered with
strips of iron plates. The motive power was
the horse. The second road was one which
extended from Mauch Chunk, P«.. to the
Lehiph River, a distance of thirteen miles.
That road was commenced in 1827. Stephen
son's locomotive came into use in 1829 and by
1830 thtre wore twenty-three miles of rail
road completed in the United States. Now the
United States represents one-half of the rail
road mileage of the world.
A SEASONABLE COSTUME.
The waist shown here has a fitted lining
which fastens in the center front.
Over this the goods i» seamless but for the
under-arm gore, where the bodice f astena at
the left side. _
The 6kirt is cut clrcnlar in front, and has
two gores in the back which are laid in box
pleats.
A costume of blue serge had yoke and sleeve*
of bright plaid silk. Across the top of tha
bodice was a band of spangle trimmings an
inch wide, and the same trimming formed a
narrow belt.
A new mohair had sleeves and yoke of
natural-colored batiste, with liaei of gay colon
forming crossbars.
A dark-green mohair having a detign in the
weavs had the yoke and sleeves of two-toned
taffetas in green and violet. Tho trimming
consisted of violet velvet rolled on the upper
edge of bodice, and also used as a belt.
A handsome gown of black grenadine over
pal* reseda gilk had the yoke of black lace in a
very open design over the green silk. Green
ribbons formed stock collar and belt, the top
of the bodice being edged wlWi a narrow
spangled band in green and gold.
A bouie canvas in brown had the yoke of
white Uce over pair-blue silk, the border was
trimmed with piping of velvet at tha top, tnd
each of the points was apparently held in
place by a handsome button of filigree gold
over pearl. A gilt belt was worn.
Fbbsb buttercups, 25c a pound. Townsend'a,*
» ♦ — • .
Glasses 15c. Sunday 738 Mrkt.Kastthocßtore.*
.■ , — — « — . • ' .. ;
Fresh lot of halibut from Alaska at foot of
Howard street, 5o a pound. •
Db. C. O. Dean, dentist, formerly of 196
Kearny street, has reopened at 5^ Kearny. "
Spkcial information daily. to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. ♦
■I' »'».«! — .
A Happy Day;
Visalia Times.
Oh, happy day, wben the Valley railroad
reaches Vlsalia and rescues us from the grasp
of the "octopus!"
Cheap Excursion to St. Paul.
The Fhasta route and the Northern Pacific Rail.
road baa been selected as | the official " route to at
tend the National Encampment of the O. A- R as
St. Paul, to be held there September 2to 5. . Tos
excursion will leave San-; Francisco, "and. Sacra
mento August 26 at 7 r. it Kates 67 90 tor ins
round trip. g The above rat* Is open to ail who wlsa
to make the trip East. Bend your name and ad
dress to T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Market
treet, ban iranclsco, for sleeping-car reservation*
•' ;. - — '.I • — — » .... — ~- ■ .;
Are You Going Ka.ttr
Th« Atlantic « and - laclflc . Railroad— Pants "=**
route— is the coolest and most com fort so
mer line, : owing to its elevation and absence it
alkali dust. Particularly adapted lor the trans
portation of families because of its palaea draw
, ing-room and mocern upholstered tourist sleeptot
cars, which run dally through from Oakland cj
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and la
coarse of attentive conductors and porters. : Tick
et office. 644 Market ; birtwi, Chronicle pulMia*.
Telephone, Main 1531.
_• — « — •
"Mm. Wlmlow't Soothing Syrnn"
Has been used over 50 years by mill loos of mother*
for their children -white Teething with perfect sa>
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gams, allay*
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels aal
lathe best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arislnt
from teething or other causes, for sale by Onj
glsu in every part of the world. Be sure and ail
lor Mrs, Wtnslow's Soothing Syrup. ' *&« - i>9M*.
roKOK*r>o.-.Atm"ospher!» is perfectly Atr* T»fl
and mild, being ' entirely free from the mlsMooi*
mop further nor Hound-trip tickets, by stai.-a
--• hip, including fifteen days' board at the Hos»U*
Cotonado, «00 ; looter si ay $2 69 perdu* A *>«"* '
'*♦> * w juoamojuery B u. s>an*'r»'»c»»o».
-/ '■ »i)'«i <
Sensible.— An old sea-captain writes to X C.
Ayer& Co. that he . never goes to seawithoaia
supply at Ayer's Pills.FRIDAY AUGUST 14. 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
lALivnr Thsateh.— "The ICutraer»den>"
California TBKATKB.-"The Irish Artist"
Colujcbia TwiATKB-"The Great Unknown."
Afoito«co f « OriRA-MousK— "The Two Orphans."
Titoli Ori»A.HciT«i«.— "The Huguenots. "
Cbphettm— High-Class Vaudeville. .
6rjT*o Baths— Bathing and performance*.
shoot the cnvTta-DHlr at Halght street,
en* block east of the Park.
. PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Excubbtok— To the Martin Murphy Homestead
Tract, near Mountain View, Saturday and Sun-
day, August. 16 and 16.
Exccmion— To Cazader*, Sunday, August 181
AUCTION SALUS.
Bt' Chas. L*vt A Co.— This day (Friday),
Furniture at salesroom, 1185 Market street, at, 10
o'clock.
Bt I. H. Bints— Saturday, August IS, Hard-
ware, at 1328 Valencia street, at 11 o'clock.
Bt Eastok A ErDKiDOK.— August 18,
Real Estate, at salesroom, 688 Market street, at
13 o'clock. '
Bt Ea*tdn A F.m>*tt>«k.— Saturday, August
22, Real Estate, at Mountain View, Santa Clara
Co., at 1 o'clock. ;
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
A Mr. Gallagher accuses a boy named Mad
den of great cruelty to a horse.
The weather office predicts for to-day partly
cloudy, fresh to brisk westerly winds.
Republicans of the First Congressional Dis
trict are actively organizing lor the cam
paign.
Superintendent of Schools Babcock: says that
more funds must be provided or the schools
will close.
Thomas Malonej and Patrick Harrington
were arrested while conveying diseased meat
to Chinatown.
Health Officer Lovelace is investigating
charges against the City and County Hospital
accommodations.
C. £. Buckman, the contractor, has refused
to more his grading camp at the order oi the
Boara of Health.
On Monday next the Fourth-street cars will
resume operations, and many changes in
transfers will result.
Reports at the Woman Suffrage Bureau note
rapid progress in the precinct club work
throughout the State.
A financial stringency has already come to
pass because of the free coinage agitation.
Gold is beginning to disappear.
Attorney Frank T. Hoburg will not oppose
the efforts of his wife to get a divorce. He has
allowed the suit to go by default.
The Supervisors yesterday filed demurrers to
the petition of George R. Fletcher in the
Geary-street Railroad franchise matter.
The Civic Federation will meet to-night in
the Mills building and decide If it will DUt an
Independent political ticket in the field.
Thirteen horses belonging to Charles A.
Worth died yesterday from the effects of
arsenic administered by some unknown person.
The Supreme Court has reinstated Attorney
W. B. Tread well, who was disbarred eleven
years ago for misappropriating a client's funds.
It is not thought likely that Li Hung Cnang,
the aged Chinese Viceroy, will come to San
Francisco owing to an alleged plot to take his
life.
The snakes in the window of a Butter-street
drug-store, at present in charge of a Sheriff's
officer, have been without Food for several
Jays.
The Fourth of July Committee has a surplus
of $500. A proposition is pending to divide
the sura among the Grand Army Posts of San
Francisco.
A study of the industries of Japan shows
that a protective tanff'is necessary to enable
Americans to compete with the cheap goods of
the Orient.
A battery warrant was sworn out yesterday
for the arrest of Frank Quinlan, 13 years of
use, who is said to be the toughest boy on
Bernal Heights.
The Grand Jury will meet this afternoon
and take up the illegal registration cases re
ferred to that body by the Registrar and Elec
tion Commissioners.
The Peddlers' Protective Association was
formed last night to fight for peddlers' rights
and against, the ordinance 'recently passed by
the Board of Supervisors;", ; ??/'.% V!
K. B. M alloy, a typewritist, has sued Cather
ine Keeps, keeper of a Turk-street lodging
house, for $2000 damages for being ejected
from the house late at night.
William Kaas of 137 Clara street, an employe
of the Southern Paciiic Company, had his neck
and right cheek badly torn by the hook in the
chain of a derrick yesterday. •• I *"*
The W. A. Vat'dercook Company threatens
to sue A. D. Chiidress, formerly secretary of
the corporation, for criminal libel on the basis
of letters written to its Eastern agents.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation forwarded a letter yesterday to the
Fresno Board of Education suggesting it
patronize home-made desks for schools.
I)r. C. A. Smith's flying machine is to be
built in San Francisco. Letters patent were
issued on it a few days ago and the company
that will build it are confident of its success.
The case against Winthrop is to come up this !
morning beiore Judge Wallace. The defend
ant claims that he can prove his innocence
and Captain Lees is as sure that he can prove
him guilty.
Owing to Billy Gallagher's lack of training
on account of the i'lness of his wife his match ;
with Green has been postponed till September |
2. hut Jack Stenzler ana Frank Purcell will be
substituted.
Professor Albert Van der Naillen has re
turned from Paris with the most powerful
Roentgen ray apparatus in the Pt B te, and he >
cave a marvelous exhibition yesterday to a ]
few spectators.
David Neagle was yesterday fined $50 for
his assault last week upon the peddler Col
lins, but during the trial a most dramatic
pcene was enacted and a remarkable story of j
rail'oad abuse told.
An effort will be made to-night at the meet- I
ing of the Democratic Prate Central Commit
tee to have Joseph P. Kelly removed as the !
choice for Congressman of the district conven- |
tion in the Fifth District.
It is the announced policy of the saving! j
banks of this City to pay all depositors in gold I
irrespective of what may be the result of the
election or what may be done in the way of
financial legislation by the next Congress.
Albert Hamilton, known as "Little Sandow,"
went into a pretended fit in Judge Low's court
yesterday and would have escaped punish
ment for committing a disreputable act if it
had not been for an old gentleman from Oak
land.
While a Butter-street cable dummy, with car
attached, was running between Kearny street
a-^d Grant avenue yesterday afternoon, a span
of frightened horses ran against the dummy.
The passengers were considerably frightened,
but no one was mucn hurt.
Lee D. Craig, notary, made his deposition
yesterday concerning the contract of mar
riage between Senator Fair and Mrs. Nettie R.
Craven, and also deposed that Senator Fair
told him that he was going to make deeds to
certain property to Mrs. Craven.
The Lunning Company is building a large
bus'nesj* structure on the block bounded by
Montgomery avenue, "Vallejo and Stockton
street*. P. Alfriiz wanted ¥25,000 for a little I
triangular lot on ono corner large enough for
a cigar-store, and ano demanded a
fabulous price for afiinter'i'enine lot on Stook
ton street. The offer was refused, however.
NEW TO-DAT.
Blood
Humors
TIVERY humor, •whether Itching, burning,
Jj bleeding, scaly, crusted, pimply, or blotchy,
•whether simple, scrofulous, or hereditary, from
infancy to age, are now speedily cured by
(uticura
Resolvent
A SKIN and blood purifier, of Incomparable .
xL purity and curative power. . Purely vegeta-
ble, safe, innocent, and palatable. It appeals to
all, and especially mothers, nurses, and children.
Sold throughout the world. . Price. Cuticitba, W>c.|
Soap. 25c.s Rksoltbxt. 50c. »nd 11. Fott«b Dbuo
Ann Coir., Sole Prop*., Bo«on.' ■ •
"How to Cure Blood »nd Skin Humors," int. , -
CHARGES AGAINST
AN EX-BANKER,
A. D. Chiidress May Be
Tried for Criminal
Libel.
LOS ANGELES TROUBLES
The W. A. Vandercook Company
Accuses Him ot Embezzle*
ment.
HE OVERDREW HIS ACCOUNT.
Letters Written to Eastern Agents of
the Corporation the Basis of the
Libel Charge.
Criminal libel Is s charge that A. D.
Chiidress, formerly president and man
ager of the now defunct City Bank of Los
Angeles will probably be called upon to
answer in addition to the accusations of
fraud and embezzlement that were re
cently brought against him by the W. A.
Vandercook Wine Company in a suit for
$1200 tiled in the County Clerk's office.
Certain letters that have just come to
light will be made the basis of the libel
charge.
Coming as they do on the trail of the
charges that were made against Chiidress
in connection with the City Bank, the
matter is of more than passing interest.
After the failure of the Los Angeles cor
poration and the subsequent legal difficul
ties in which Chiidress and his associates
became involved over the transaction he
came to San Francisco, and in January,
1895, became identified with the W. A.
Vandercook WiDe Company in the ca
pacity of secretary.
The ex-bank president had influential
connections, through whom the drafts of
the company on its many Eastern agents
could be cashed without the delay oi
waiting for remittances from the East,
and such accommodations were just what
the company needed at that time. So
Chiidress was made secretary and book
keeper.
Tip to August of last year Mrs. W. A.
Vandercook, who was one of the principal
shareholders in the company, was satisfied
with the manner in which Chiidress' end of
the business was conducted, believing im
plicitly that his reports of the flourishing
condition of affairs were correct.
"One day when I asked to see the books,
however," says Mts. Vandercook, "Chiid
ress refused me any information and I
began to be suspicious. I insisted on a
detailed statement, telling him that I
thought he had drawn more money than
he was entitled to. This he admitted,
promising, however, not to take more
until profits had accrued, so that he could
do so under the terms of his agreement. |
About a month after that he violated this
promise and I censured him for doing so.
"Then he threatened to wreck the busi
ness if I made any further complaint,
saying that he could and would do so. A
few days later, seeing that he could not
continue taking money that did not be
long to him, he left the company, taking !
with him lists and addresses of our numer
ous Eastern customers. He took copies
of al! our printed forms, originated and
used by Mr. Vandercook in the business,
and entered Harris, Kingston & Co.'s, a
competing house on a small scale, getting
into that firm through his knowledge of
the Vandercook Company.
"Lacking the power to originate he
copied all our Dusiness forms, order
blanks, etc., which are entirely different
from those of any other company, even
going so far as to use the same kind of
paper and wording them similarly.
''Then he wrote to our agents through
out the country on the stationery and over
the signature of Harris, Kingston <fe Co. in
such a vindictive and libelous manner that
several of our acents sent the letters to
us, advising us to prosecute him for crim
inal libel.
"I thought until the latter part of his
connection with the company that he was'
an honest man, as he was plausible and
was always talking of his own honesty and |
the dishonesty of Southern California peo- I
pie in general. At any rate, he must settle i
with the courts for takine money that did |
not belong to him, for we don't propose I
that the money that he took from this
company shall be used to pay for the
house furniture and lawns of such a man."
A. D. Chiidress and his brother, W. T.
Chiidress, owned 494 of the 500 shares in
the City Bank of Los Angeles. They bor
rowed $25,000 from the First National
Bank of tuis City on an unsecured note
shortly after forming the Pacific Invest
ment Company and deeding their prop
erty to that corporation.
The First National Bank in its suit
a.-ainst tiie Childresses alleged that these
deeds were not genuine nor placed on rec
ord, but merely heid to be produced in the
event of attachments by creditors of the
bank.
The complaint further alleged that the
bank magnates were insolvent when the
deeds were made.
Since coming north A. D. Chiidress has
been in minor as well as major legal diffi
culties, being fined recently for assaulting
a boy who came to his home to claim a
dog he had lost. George H. Perry is the
attorney for the Vandercook Company in
the suit now pending.
REGULARS OUT CAMPING
Seven Companies of , the First ■ United
States Infantry ; Start for
Santa Cruz- , ; . •
: Seven companies of the 1 First United
States Infantry, four from Angel Island
and three from Benicia, started yesterday
morning on a " march of instruction 'to
Santa Cruz. There a camool instruction
will be held for two weeks.
The column is divided into two bat
talions, commanded by Captains Manse
and O'Connell.
On the march the men will be restricted
exclusively to army rations and every de
tail of camp life will be precisely the same
as though in actual campaign! The ex
pedition will be under the command of
Lieutenant-Colonel Miles, Colonel Shafter
being temporarily in command of the Cali
fornia department in the absence of
General Forsythe.
CamD was pitched last night near Injrle
side.
Died From a Fall
William G. Gannett, Town Treasnrer of Sand
wich. N. H., died yesterday at the City and
County Hospital of pneumonia Drought on by an
accident. On Sunday last Mr. Gannott was out
driving wi th a friend when the horse became
frightened, resulting in throw-ins the deceased
out of the buggy and fracturing two ribs The
exposure and excitement brought on pneumo
nia, from the effects of which he died. Mr
Gannett was on a visit to his daughter 2208
Twenty-fourth street, and expected to return
home next week.
Sued for Damage*
George O. Perry has sued the Viking Brew
ing Company for $850 damages, because of the
latter's refusal to transfer to his name on the
books ot the company torty shares of capital
stock of the corporation.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1896.
The Halibut Schooners Freia and Norman Sund That Arrived With Full Cargoes From the Fishing
Banks Yesterday. The Catch Was Made in a Remarkably Short Space of Time.
HALIBUT WILL
NOW BE CHEAP,
Two Schooners Arrived
Yesterday With Full
Cargoes.
MORE ARE ON THE WAY.
The Occidental and Oriental's
Steamer Coptic Arrived
Ahead of Time.
BROUGHT THE FIRST NEW TEAS.
Beat the Canadian Pacific's Empress
of Japm by Nearly Twenty-
Four Hours
Halibut will be cheap to-day. Two
schooners, the first of the fl?et, got in
from the banks yesterday, and in conse
quence the supply will be greater than the
demand. Fish will be a drug in the mar
ket for several days to come and the poor
people will benefit in consequence.
The little schooners Freia and Norman
Sund both got in from the banks yester
day after a smart run. They are loaded
down with halibut and as the fish are
preserved in ice they will keep for weeks.
After leaving the fishing banks the
schooners had a hard time and heavy
weather of it, but nevertheless the cap
tains were determined to make time.
Double reefs were taken in the mainsails
and head sail was shortened. The little
schooners arrived in good time for to-day's
market and doubtless both will do a rush
ing business. There are over a dozen ves
sels in tne halibut fleet and all of them
are doing well.
Harbor Commissioners Colnon and Cole
will to-day visit the Mail dock and its
vicinity in order to ascertain where a new
wharf can be erected for the convenience
of the corporation. It was decided to
build the wharf and charge full rates, but
just where it will be put up has not been
decided upon. Vice-President Schwerin
of the corporation was present at the
meeting of the board, and asked that
special rates be made for the comDany he
represented, because it was a purely
American venture. President Colnon did
not agree with him and said that any and
all competing roads would receive the
same consideration. The Mail Company
will get its wharf, but no concessions in
the way of tolls will be made.
The new Japanese line wrote asking if
it could have the use of Lombard-street
wharf. The secretary was instructed to
inform the manager that the wharf would
be kept open for them for a reasonable
time. In answer to other questions the
Commissioners said that a double-track
line connecting with the belt railroad
would be laid and that electric lights to
load and unload at night would be put in.
The steamship company asked for space
sufficient to accommodate fifty cars
opposite the landing, but as there is no
room there belonging to the Btate the re
quest could not be granted. Accommoda
tion further north can be provided If
necessary.
In answer to another question the Com
missioners said that the rental would be
$250 a month and the regular rates as
charged the Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany, the Oceanic Steamship Company,
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company and
the Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company. •
Work on the waiting-room of the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company's
steamers at Spear-street wharf will begin
next week. The Commissioners ordered
the work done yesterday.
Pier 12 will be rebuilt with creosoted
piles and J umber. Yesterday the Harbor
Commissioners let the contract, for the job
to P. F. Dundon of the North Beach
Creosoting Works.
The whaleback City of Everett has been
laid up at Sausalito. There is a big sup
ply of Australian coal in the market at
present, 30 the Rosenfelds will not want
any Nan aj mo coal for some weeks to
come.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Coptic got in yesterday a day
ahead of time. She beat the Doric's time
by ten hours, but is nevertheless behind
the record. It was a race between the
Coptic and the Canadian Pacific's Em
press of Japan. Both had the first con
signments of new teas from Am^y and
the first into New York would carry the
day. The Coptic wins easily and her tea
will be in the metropolis twenty-four
hours ahead of that on the Empress of
Japan.
The Coptic brought the following cabin
passengers: D. G. Bruce, Lieutenant R. R
Belknap, D. 8. N., Miss Bullock, Miss
Griffin, Samuei Montague, C. B. Platt, A.
A. Thomas, Professor F. Wendt, Rev.
Hugh Taylor, wife and three children, C.
E. Finlayson, Charles R. Gazan, Mrs. Ga
gan, Dr. J. A. Hart, A. Michaelson, W. T.
Morris, H. C. yon Glahn, Lou Fonlcah,
Mrs. Quan Yuen and daughter.
She had also three Europeans in the
steerage and 182 Chinese and 22 Japanese.
The battleship Oregon began coaling
yesterday and will probably start on a
cruise early next week. It is said th at she
will be open for inspection next Monday
and the launch Amy will run excursions
to her from Folsom-street wharf.
The abandoned British ship Gowenbank
has twice been reported off the Horn by
vessels bound to San Francisco. Captain
Puxley arrived at Plymouth, Eng., on
July 27 and made the following report:
The Gowanbank left Barry late in Janunrv
with a cargo of coals for Iquique, and was ac
companied to the southward by the Cedar
bank, which sailed about the same time from
Antwerp for San Francisco. The weather was
very bad. They were fourteen days fruitlessly
endeavoring to weather Cape Horn. On the
morning of April 21 a gale blew from the
north-northeast, gradually increasing to hur
ricane strength. Every thread of canvas on
the Gowanbank was blown away and high seas
swept the decks and smashed the boats and
bulwarks. At this time the Cedarbank parted
company and fears were entertained for her
fate. As the wind veered round to the west
northwest Its strength Increased until, on the
morning of the 22d, amid a storm "f snow and
rain, the masts of the Gownnbank went over
the ship's side, ripping open the decks and
placing the crew in a terrible plight.
Worn out with the labors of the previous
fotirteen days, and with their sleeping and
living quarters flooded, the crew had to keep
entirely on deck, while the ship drifted at the
mercy of the wind and waves. The gale still
prevailed on April 23, when the bark Lathom
of Liverpool bore down on the dis
tressed ship, and with much difficulty took
off the crew and. after a further rough
passage, landed them, at Valparaiso. The
Gowanbank was still afloat when abandoned,
but was not expected to remain above water
very long.
The Cedarbank arrived here on July 22, '
and the Lathom got in August 3. Both
vessels made unusually long passages
and had hard experiences rounding the
Horn.
MUST HAVE MORE MONEY
Scnools May Be Closed for Lack
of an Adequate Appro
priation.
Superintendent Babcock Stvs That the
Warning Sounded Was in
Earnest.
Superintendent of Schools Babcock said
yesterday that the warning to the Board
of Supervisors regarding the closing of
schools sounded on Wednesday evening
in the report of the Finance Committee of
the Board of Education would certainly
be carried into effect unless the appropria
tion was increased.
"We need more than $1,000,000," said
Mr. Babcock, "for many reasons.
"To begin with, the repeated criticisms
passed by the Board of Health upon the
! condition of our schools liave necessitated
repairs in all directions. Wo have added
expenses saddled upon us which will cost
us $100,000 at least over and above what
we a»-e allowed. We have been compelled
to have all our schools thoroughly white
washed and cleansod, a thing which has
not been done for ten years and was badly
needed.
"Then, again, the board has been obliged
to extend the privileges of nieht schools.
Boys at work all day cannot attend school ;
therefore we must give them a chance
when their work is done. To that end we
have established twelve extra classes, each
containing four hundred or so children, all
unable to attend night school before owing
to the distance required to travel. And
this alone has increased our salary roll
$16,000.
'•Tne Board of Health demands that we
thoroughly reorganize our sanitary system
in schools andput in all the modern im
provements. How can we do that without
money?
"We need $100,000 more at least, and if
we get it every dollar will be honestly
spent in improvements badly needed. The
truth is that the Board of Supervisors
don't go into details when they consider
appropriations; they just hit upon a lump
ium and decide that there is sufficient,
without practical investigation. We are
trying our best to run the department
upon as economical a basis as possible, but
we wish to do things properly, and we
must have money to do tnem with.
"We shall be sorry to end the work of
the department before its proper time,
I but we regret that it will have to be done.
vVhile it is true that complaints have
arisen in other years, things are different
this year; we are confronted with many
needs that have not been emphasized un
til this year. Teachers want to be paid,
and if we can't pay them we must close
the schools."
Williams Wants Money.
Judge Slack yesterday ordered Mrs. Isabella
M. Williams, wife of Richard S. Williams, the
ex-customs inspector, to appear in court to
day and show cause wny $1000 of the funds be
longing to the Williams', now in the hands of
the court, should not be paid to Richard S.
Williams.
< There are several thousand dollars held at
the order of the court penning the decision of
a divorce suit filed by Mrs. Williams. Tne hus
band claims this money iscommunity property
and that he is penniless and needs $1000 to
pay hi.« expenses in the trial of his case iD the
Federal court on August 19.
An Insolvent Salounmau.
P. H. Norton, a saloon-keeper, doing business
at 128 Ninth street, has tiled a petition in in
solvency. He owes $2,395 70, and has no as
sets.
ARSENIC POISONS
THIRTEEN HORSES.
Dastardly Outrage Com
mitted by an Unknown
Ruffian.
A GONIZING TORTURES.
Efforts of the Best Veterinary
Surgeons Prove of No
Avail
HEAVY LOSS TO THE CWNEB.
Endeavors Will Be Made to Bring the
Perpetrator of the Crime to
Punishment.
It looks as though Charles A. Worth,
who carries on an extensive draying busi
ness in this City, has been marked as the
victim of a plotter as cruel as he is re
vengeful. Thirteen at least out of six
teen powerful high-bred draught horses
which Mr. Worth Kept in the Golden
Gate stables died yesterday from thj ef
fects of arsenical poisoning.
On Wednesday night the horses were
stalled after their day's work, all ap
parently in fine condition. Yesterday
morning they were taken out as usual,
and, one by one, horse after horse died in
his tracks.
The first fell at the intersection of First
and Mission streets, his body immediately
swelling and becoming most offensive.
Hardly had the carcass been removed,
when another horse, which was standing
in New Montgomery street, near the
Palace Hotel, was taken with what seemed
to be a fit. In his fall the horse struck
the iron door of a pavement elevator,
which ripped open his flank to a depth of
time inches.
The symptoms in both cases appeared
so full ot suspicious indications that the
matter was reported to the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, and an
investigation set on foot for the purpose
of ascertaining the facts in the case.
Meanwhile the horses kept on dying.
Veterinary surgeons were called into re
quisition, and with much ado the horses
remaining aiive were parceled out among
them, some being placed in charge of Dr.
E. J. Creely, others with Dr. Masoero, and
still others at Dr. Egan's veterinary hos
pital near the Golden Gate stables.
The animals displayed every evidence
of extreme suffering. Sweating profusely,
their heads drooping and their bodies
swollen, the poor creatures pawed the
ground in agony. The remedies em
ployed, though the best that could be pro
cured, feemed to be of no avail. The
poison had evidently penetrated into the
vitals of the doomed brutes, and by night
fall thirteen were dead.
Dr. Creely removed the stomach from
one of the horses which died in his estab
lishment, and Professor Cunningham, the
well-known chemist, made a searching
analysis of it. Large quantities of arsenic
were found mingled with traces of par
tially digested food. The horses are esti
mated to have been worth about $150
apiece, and Mr. Worth's loss is hence uo
small one.
"I am at a loss to imagine who can be
at the bottom of this affair," he remarked
yesterday evening, "as I have no enemies
that I know of. I cannot suspect any one
of deliberated scheming to injure me in
so dastaru. hion. Still I shall use
all diligence ; o d,. the author of the
crime, and ii I sue ""ed he will be punished
as severely ao the ]t \w will allow."
Mr. Worth ordered the mangers and
food bins to be ci saned out and thoroughly
scalded. The stalls, watering troughs and
buckets were also deluged with boiling
water. What remains of the food of which
the horses had partaken has been given to
Mr. Cunningham, who is making tests
with the object of ascertaining if possible
whether the food itself was poisoned or
the arsenic placed in the bins and troughs.
"If there is anything I hate," said Dr.
Creely, "it is to see a fine horse die. How
any man could be cruel enough to visit so
terrible a death as arsenical poisoning
upon one of these noble beasts is more
than I can conceive. Five trucks and a
wagon passed by here to-day, chained to
gether and with the harnesses of the dead
horses heaped up on one of them. The
trucks were chained together one after
the other, and when I thought of the fine
animals who bad drawn them the lumber
ing cavalcade reminded me of a funeral
procession. I hope the perpetrator of the
outrage will soon fall beneath the
vengeance of the law."
"i» Magee Will Investigate.
Bank Commissioner Magee leaves to-day to
make an investigation of the Bank of Na
tional City, which closed its doors day before
yesterday. The directors of the bank stated
that its closing was not owing to insolvency,
but for the purpose of liquidation. The true
state of affairs will be looked iuto by Mr.
Magee.
McCullough as Inspector.
Through the solicitation of the Southside
Club, the engineer of the Merchants' Associa
tion, Ernest McCullough, will superintend the
repairing of Folsom street, between Third and
Sixth, and see that the contractor lives up to
the specifications of his contract.
THE SAD PLIGHT
OF A PHYSICIAN,
Broken in Health He
Cannot Stand the
Hospital.
CHARGES LACE OF CARE
Stayed One Night in the County
Institution and Then
Left
AN INVESTIGATION ON FOOT.
Health Officer Lovelace Will Look
Into the Matter— The Doctor's
Story.
Health Officer Lovelace began an inves
tigation yesterday iuto charges that have
been made against the accommodations
and food at the City and County Hospital
by Dr. G. W. Day, an aeed physician
whom poverty and ill health have forced
to seek a public institution for the care
that his case demands.
Dr. Day, after fighting illness and lack
of even the necessaries of life for a long
time, applied with his wife for public as
sistance and was sent to the hospital to be
cared for. His wife, who was broken
down in health from privation and caring
for her sick husband, was sent with him
to recuperate and receive proper medical
attention.
The Days remained one night in the
hospital and then left, stating that they
would rather return to their obscure lodg
ings and suffer there than take advantage
of the accommodations at the hospital.
"lama physician," said Dr. Day yes
terday, "though in my present pitiable
condition I may not appear like one, and
I know what care, food and attention
stould be given the sick. There is noth
ing like the proper accommodations at the
hospital and the food is not fit for well
and hearty people, .much less sick per
sons.
"The attendants are careless and worse,
and 1 left because I could not stand the
treatment I received For years I have
been a sufferer from the poison of ivy,
contracted in the East. When it breaks
out anew it causes me great pain and I
am unable to help myself. At those times
I must have care and 1 went to the hospi
tal supposing that I would get it there,
but I was mistaken.
"No one seemed to understand my case
or to care anything about it, except to get
through with me as quickly as possible
and get away. So I took my cane and
hobbled out, glad to be free from such a
place. I have been told that the proper
thing to do is to prefer charges against the
managment of the hospital, but I know
that the health authorities have heard of
SEW TO-DAT.
We don't want you to
i use Schilling's Best merely
j because it can't hurt you ;
| but we want you to stop •
using some other teas be-
cause they do hurt you.
No ; the reason for using
Schilling's Best is : it is nice.
Your money back if you
don't like — you see we
have faith in our tea and
faith in your honor and
palate.
: A Schilling & Company *
Ban Francisco •. : ..^t-. ».-/•;.. 348
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS. ft
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
' The Handsomest Family Theater in America. :
WALTER MOKOSUO, Sole Lessee and Manaza:
A Revelation of Histrionic Art!
"THE TWO ORPHANS"
Presented on the Most ' Elaborate Scale
•■ ; ; -. ■ Ever Given in This City. ' ■ "
Third Week of JAMES !M. BKOPHY.
Prof. Chas. F. Graeber's Mandolin and Guitar Club.
The full depth of the mammoth stage used for the
>  ■ first time in 10 years. ■
Evening Prices— 2sc and 500.
1 Family ircle and Gallery, 10c.
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
THE CHUTES.
AFTERNOONS AND EVENINGS.
. EVEi.Y EVENING THIS. WEEK '
AND SUNDAY AFTERNOON—
CONN FREDERICKS,
THE DEMON CYCLIST,
WILL COAST THE CHUTES
ON A SAFETY BIOTCI.E
Cf SATURDAY NIGHT, 1
Pacific Parlor,' No. 10. N. S. G. "W. Nlgnt
MAGNIFICENT, FIREWORKS! ,
Sunday Afternoon— - Ascension
By EMII. MARKEBERG, ;:: .^s
ADMISSION— -10 CENTS.
Children, including Merry-Go- Round Klde,"s cents..
pELEcfßic}«loTivi? POWER
h Transmitted fkon fbLSOM
DoFffAfusiv™
EXCURSION RATES.
, . NEW TO-DAT. ,
1. Poor |
ipilgarlic; j!
|j there is no need for you $
to contemplate a wig js
gj when you can enjoy the |j
, jjjj pleasure of sitting again S..
(q under your own "thatch." M
gj You can begin to get %
rtjj your hair back as soon js|
[$ as you begin to use !$
I Ayer's I
|HairVigorJ
,
.
.
,
,
i
i
'.
"
'
-
■
the matter and will take any steps that
are necessary." '
The matter was reported to Secretary
Godchaux of the Board of Health yester
day afternoon, and later Dr. Lovelace of
the Health Office was notified. The fatter
intends to look into the truth of Dr. Day's
statements, witn a view to such improve
ments in the hospital service as are neces
sary. /afpjfflfflMfai
Dr. Day and his wife, who is scarcely
better off than her husband, are now
quartered at the People's Lodsrine-house
on Fourth and Howard streets, but as
their funds are about exhausted they do
not expect to be allowed to remain there
lone.
• ♦ •
Only one person in four in London earns
over £1 a week.
NEW TO-L. AT—AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
*. atthe ~T| LAST NIGHTS!-
-', CHARLES FKOHMAN'S
—^-EMPIRE THEATER COMPANY I—.
From the Empire Theater, New York.
' The Great Drama by Henry Arthur Jones, "
THE MASQUERADERS
A Play of Intense Interest, with Brilliant Situa-
tions, including the
THRILLING CARD! SCENE!
NEXT MONDAY —-—LAUGHING EVBNTI
A Slaelstrom of Merriment!
THE GAY PARISIANS!
Best Comedy Company Seen Here In Yearsl
: W. J. FEKOUSON, SADIE MARTIXOT,
James O. Barrows, Chas. B. Wells, \V. K. Shirley,
Mrs. E. J. Phillips, Miss -Margaret Gordon '■
and the Original Great Cast.
t&~ Seats Now Selling Fast and Furious!
I a k at the ■. 1 SECOND
CALIFORNIA I WEEK
THE SWEET SINGER,
CHAUWCEY_
OLbOOTT
In the Successful Comedy Drama,
THE IRISH ARTIST.
By Augustus Pitou and George H. Jess op. . ••'
. MONDAY, August 17,
"THE MINSTREL, OF CLARE."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
ÜBS. i-t-MisTixii. iiBELiNo, I'ropneior <feiUt»u*£«c
Sixth Week of the Season of Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mr. Gustav BixmuiMM,
TO-NIGHT,
And Sunday Evening
MEYERBEER'S CLASSIC WORK,
THE HUGUENOTS!
To-morrow Evening .
THE BOHEMIAN GIRL!
NEXT WEEK
VERDI'S EVER POPULAR OPERA,
" II- TROVATORE."
First Appearance of MISS FLORA FINLAYSON,
Prim a Donna Contralto.
Popular Prices— and sOc. '
Tr»ICOLAnQtR.<jOTTLOD« G>- LisbCJAriDHAriASUJ---
PERFECT ,~~p~ AND
VENTILATION |. A .
Most Exhilarating Performance Continue
to Crowd Our House.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
In Augustln Daly's ' '■
THE GREAT UNKNOWN
' A Simply Delightful Comedy..
. —SEATS ON SALE /OB NiSXT WEEK——
%s(s&s&.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and PowalL
Week Commenclne Monday, Am;. 10. -
THE ROARING SUCCESS of the SEASON
T. -A.. KLESISTIISriE-LJ V !
The Hypnotist, In a seance of Fun and Merriment.
THE FOUR NELSON SISTKKS.
BIONDI '■ BLACK PATH
«■•'.-•.' TECHOW'S CAT CIRCUS
Only 2 Nights More of Staley Ss Bisbeck.
And a Great Vaudeville Company. .
.Reserved seats. 35c; Balcony, 10c; Opera-chairs
and box-seats, 50c. Get your seats in advance.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Dally from 7 a. M. fntil 11 p. it
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
, General Admission—Adults 10c Children Sc.
FREDERICK WARDE
Association Auditorium, Mason and Ellis streets,
THURSDAY EVENING, August 20. "A Night
With Shakespeare—Character Sketches." Tickets
50c. on sale ■at Sherman, Clay A Co.'s and the
Association Office.
EXCURSIONS.; . _ r
-2-
EXCURSIONS
;.; '__TO THE——
MARTIN MURPHY
HOMESTEAD TRACT,
SUBDIVISION NO. Q,
Half MU<» from the Flourishing Town of
inc>TT:N"T-A.Xjrjr vievst
SATURDAY, AUG. 15, 1896, '
AISO
SUNDAY, AUG. 16, 1896.
Leaving Third . and Townsend Street Depot at
, ■ 10:40 o'clock a. m., returning leave Mountain
View at 3:17 and 6:24 o'clock p. st
; Our land surveyor will be upon the train and see
that all ■ excursionists upon arrival at Mountain
View are comfortably seated in carriages and ac-
company them to the land, visiting each sub-
division and explaining any points desired.
RoHnd-Trip: Tickets—sl.so
■ For catalogues and further particulars inquire of
EASTON, ELDRIDGK & CO.,
638 Market st. Auctioneers.
78
HOW JAPANESE GOODS DO HARM UNDER FREE TRADE
If the peculiar ideas of William Jen
nings Bryan ever become fully matured in
high places in this country a worse fate
awaits the American workman than the
necessity of competing with the pauper
labor of Europe. Bryanism is rank free
trade, and free trade as he preaches it
would force the American wage-earner to
compete with the labor of the Orient, as
well as with that of Europe.
Students who desire to grasp the mean
ing of free trade as Bryan preaches it
should not for one moment overlook the
fact that great industrial improvements
are under way in Japan, and that the next
decade may introduce into America such
products of labor as will completely over
throw all modern ideas of prices.
A study of the Japanese question alone
ought to convince the stanenest support
ers of Bryan's free-trade iaeas that the
American artisan will have to wear a
queue if he is ever able to compete with
the prices at which Japanese goods will be
sold. And unless there is some law that
protects the American workman against
the threatened supply from the Orient,
enough to inundate the country, the great
est poverty and general disaster yet seen
in America are to come. Nothing in the
political creed of William Jennings Bryan
can avert tbe disasters threatened by such
an influx of the cheap products of the
Orient.
It should be borne in mind that the
goods and wares offered by Japan are as
nothing compared with the abundance
tiiat will soon be carried to the stiores on
every Bhip. The skill of the Japanese is
enough to duplicate anything yet pro
duced by the ingenuity of man, and the
competition in every department of the
handicrafts will be fierce and cunning.
Thoughtful men, therefore, are asking
what is to be the outcome, and statesmen
can see nothing outside of protection
against foreign goods, a tariff that will en
courage American workingmen and insure
PROTECTION AND PROSPERITY.
PROTECTION IS
THE THING NEEDED
Cheers for McKinley and
Home Rule for
America.
THE ONE REAL ISSUE.
Colonel Eddy's Pertinent Ques
tion About Silver's
Destination.
JEFFERSON A PROTECTIONIST.
He and Andraw Jackson Spoke in
Favor of Protecting Horn?
Products.
Scottish Hall was none too large last
eight to hold the "crowd at the regular
meeting of the Phoenix Republican Club,
every sent on the floor being occupied.
T. V. Eddy presided. The following
resolution commendatory of Hon. Eugene
F. Loud was read by Secretary Branch
and adopted unanimously and with en
thusiasm :
Whereas, It was wisely deemed for the best
Interests of the Republican party to renomi
nate for Congress of the Filth Congressional
District the Hon. Eugene F. Loud, a man who
has proven himself to be a most painstaking
aua attentive member of Congress, always ex
ceedingly zealous in the interests of bis con
stituents and faithful in the performance of
his duties, and who by his active work and
recognized ability hRS been appointed to the
chairmanship of one of the most important
committees in Congress, the Committee on
Postofficei and Postroads, and whereas,
through his untiring and successful eftorts in
Congress he has endeared himself to the people
oi his district; therefore be it
Resolved That we, the members of the
Phoenix Republican Club, do hereby indorse
the nomination of tne Hon. Eugene F. Loud,
and piedge to him our support, in order that
the Fifth Congressional District may be repre-
Bented by an experienced, faithful and ener
getic servant of tho people.
T,. Warner followed with a piano solo, ]
which he played with such appropriate
Enirit and feeling that he was encored
fortissimo and responded graciosamente.
Charles M. Shortridge, who appeared on
the stage as an invited guest of the ciub,
was introduced and made an address on
the vital issues of the day. He predicted
that on the 3d day of November the patri
otic and loyal declaration of tbis Amer
ican republic would be in favor of William
McKiniey for President of the United
States.
He closed his address with a tribute to
honest, sober, reliable and industrious
labor. He said that he was now paying
In San Francisco and San Jose many hun
dreds of dollars per day to labor — not for
nimself, but on behalf of enterprises in
which he was interested— and every dollar
of it has been paid to union labor.
"I am paying to-night," he added,
"seventy union men nnion wages in one
room in'this city to keep machinery from
starving their wives and children to
aeath.' F
This declaration was received with an
outburst of applause. The speaker ex
plained that he had been impelled to
■ peak of the matter in order to make it
clear to his hearers that he had a right to
speak for labor, and that he was not guilty
of presumption in advising workingmen
to vote for McKinley and protection. The
Republican party believed in supporting
boor and demanded that the American
workingman should not be placed on a par
with Japanese and Chinese laborers.
The sneech was followed by a well- !
played quartet by La Estrella Mandolin
Club.
The gem. of the entertainment pro
gramme was the Spanish dancing of
Leonie Breslaucr, a graceful tot of nine
j-ears. The dancing was accompanied by
music on the mandolins.
The Phoenix Club male quartet sang
two compaign songs in excellent time
and tune, after which Colonel T. V. Eddy,
president of the Phoenix Club, made a
brief address, in which he conveyed his
thanks for the honor which had been con
ferred upon him. He spoke of the can-
Sidafes and the platforms of the Demo
jratic and Republican parties.
The latter party, he pointed out, had
itood from the moment of its birth for one
Biichangeable principle of protection to
American industries, American homes and
American la Dor. Protection, patriotism
»ud prosperity was the motto of that
party and h»d been since its birth in 1854.
He demanded to know what was the
Manufacturers and Workmen Cannot Compete
With Cheap Goods of the
Orient.
the general welfare of tbe masses in tbis
country.
The possibility of grave damage from
the competition of Japan and the Orient
vast regions sure to prove a menace in tne
long run — shows the benign effects of a
protective tariff. It is well to give some I
details concerning the extent of the dan
ger. People will understand the question
better when they realize just how cheap
production can be carried on in the em
pire of "the little brown men."
Japan has recently startled the world by
her naval achievements in her late war
with China, but her commercial and in
dustrial growth are not less marvelous.
Her people are patriotic and law-abiding,
and there are 40,000,000 of them to-day
waiting and ready to be led into the peace
ful pursuits of manufacturing, trade and
commerce and agriculture. It is a well
known fact that fuel and labor are so
cheap in Japan that even the cheapest
countries of Europe cannot compete with
her in tbe open fields.
These facts cause careful men to ask
what would become of this count i-y if no
protection were offered against the fabrics
and multitudinous wares of the Orient.
Some time-serving politicians say that
such a contingency is remote, but they
forget that Japanese agents are already
selling textiles, chemicals and metal goods
in American markets at prices that the
American manufacturer and producer
cannot hope to touch.
It is a notorious fact that Osaki is
already the Manchester of Japan and that
thousands of bales of cotton are con
tinually being shipped to that point from
the United States. It is not so generally
known, however, that every bale shipped
watchword of the Democratic party, and
he answered the question by saying that it
was free silver, free trade and free soud.
William J. Brvan said in the campaign ol
1892 that the Republican tariff of protec
tion to home industry was unconstitu
tional and that if we could tear down this
American system of protection and if we
could inaugurate anothnr era of free trade
the people of this country would cease
from suffering.
He did not say a word about the free
coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1.
Since that time the Democratic party,
through its President, had hawked the
bonds of this Nation around the markets
of the world to borrow $262,000,000 to help
run this Government in a time of pro
found peace.
In the streets of the cities and villages
of this country are hundreds of thousands
of honest and honorable laboring men and
women, starving and insufficiently ciad,
and begging for an opportunity of labor
ing for their daily oread. Such scenes
were never witnessed when the Repub
lican party bad the management of the
affairs of the country.
The speaker explained the difference be
tween a tariff for revenue only or a free
trade tariff and a tariff that protected the
industries of the country. The Democrats
declared that they would introduce a sys
tem of tariff that would not leave any sur
plus in the United States treasury, and
there never has been any surplus there
since they went into power.
"The smokestacks from which the smoke
of industry is no longer seen to curl," he
said, "and the motionless wheels of indus
try are the living witnesses of the destruc
tive policy of the Democratic party.
"Democrats have always taken occasion
to speak of free trade as a Jeffersonian
principle, whereas the fact was that
Thomas Jefferson and Andrew JacKson
were protectionists, and among tbe strong
est protectionists that this world ever saw.
"Thomas Jefferson in 1809 wrote a letter
to a friend that he believed the manufac
turing and agricultural interests of this
country should travel side by side and
that he believed protection was necessary
in order that that might be brought
about.
"These were Jefferson's words, and they
are found in volume 5, page 416, of the
complete works of Thomas Jefferson: 'My
idea is that we should encourage home in
dustries to the extent of our own cod
sumption of everything of which we raise
the raw material,' and in another place he
says: 'I have lately inculcated the en
couragement of manufactures, to the ex
tent of borne consumption at least, of all
articles of which we raise the raw mate
rials.'
"In another place Jefferson says: 'We
must now place the manufacturer by the
side of the agriculturist. The question
assumes a new form: Shall we make our
own comforts or go without them at the
will of a foreign nation? He, therefore,
who is now against domestic manufactures
must be for reducing us either to de
pendence on that foreign nation or to be
clothed in skins and live life beasts in
cens and caverns.
•• 'Experience has taught me that manu
factures are now as necessary to our inde
pendence as to our comfort, and if those
who quote me as of a different opinion
will keep pace with me in purchasing noth
ing foreign without regard to difference in
price, it will not be my fault if we do not
wrest that weapon of distress from the
band that has wielded it.
"Andrew Jackson, when a Senator from
Tennessee in 1628, declared that a pro
tective tariff was absolutely neces
sary and essential to the" welfare
of the American people. It was
Jackson also, who declared that he would
hang every man in South Carolina,
if necessary, if they still persisted in its
attempt to nullify the protective tariff."
The speaker ended with a reference to
the silver question, closing with a chal
lenge to any Democratic orator to declare
how any of the silver of the world when
coined in the United States mints can get
into the possession of the poor man.
The meeting adjourned witn cheers for
McKinley and the ticket.
CHARLEY MICHELSON MARRIED
A 'Western Writer Who Found a Bride
in Keir York.
Cards have been received announcing
the marriage of Charles Michelson, form
erly of Th* Call's editorial staff, but now
a journalist in New York, to Miss Lilian
Sterritt, the charming daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. John Sterritt, New York:. The event
took place on the 25th of last month.
The many Californian friends of Mr.
Michelson waft their congratulations
across the continent, wishing all happiness
and prosperity to him and his fair youne
bride. 6
Had Unstamped Opium.
Customs Inspector McGinnis arrested yester
day Thomas Lyncn, a fireman on the steamer
City of Pueblo, lor having illicit opium in his
possession. Four five-tael tins were found on
the person of Lynch. In the engine-room
fourteen other tins were found. The fireman
■aid he purchased the drug from a Chinese in
Victoria. Some four -weeks ago 140 tins
of opium were found on the City of Pueblo
and later another small quantity was seized.
Remanded to Jail.
Judge Hunt yesterday overruled Or. Kuhl
man's motion and remanded him to the
cuitody of the Sneriff. The physician will
now have to answer Coroner Hawkins' ques
tions or go to jail for contempt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1896.
abroad to be manufactured represents a
loss to the American laborer of $30 in
wages. Without a protective tariff the
goods thus manufactured are shipped
back to the United States to be sold at
prices with which Americans cannot com
pete.
It has recently been shown that it costs
in this country $50,000 in wages to pro
duce from 21,000 bales of cotton plain,
salable cotton product; but the same
goods can be produced in Japan at $17,500.
The freight on the goods to this country
does not exceed $15,000, which leaves a
balance of $17,500 in favor of Japan.
Under Mr. Bryan's popular ideas of free
trade this loss would either fall on the
American workmen, or the American
manufacturer would be driven out of busi
ness.
One of the most careful students of the
Japanese question in this country is Wil
liam Eleroy Curtis, a writer for the Scien
tific American. In a careful paper on the
subject of Japanese wages, recently pre
pared, he gives the following as a table of
prevailing wages in Yokohama, tbe day
beiner one of ten hours' steady employ
ment": Blacksmiths. 36 cents; carpenters,
26; compositors, 29; joiners, 29; ordinary
laborers, 19; plasters, 20; porcelain artists,
72; pressmen in printing offices, 19; stone
cutters, 31; tobacco and cigar-makers, 24;
wood-sawyers. 29.
The following are the rates of wages
paid by the month: Farmhands $144,
silKworm-breeders $1 92, women weavers
96 cents.
It is with wages on such a scale that
Americans must compete, and the table
shows that factory labor is paid even less
than these prices. In many of the largest
REPUBLICANS AND
MUNICIPAL CLUBS,
The County Committee De
cides on a Scheme of
Organization.
PLANNED BY DISTRICTS.
*•
A General Organization for Local
Ends to Be Made Next
Tuesday.
INTEREST IN LCCAL WORK.
The City Will Be Thoroughly and
Ably Organized by the County •/
Committee.
The Republican County Committee, at
its regular meeting in the Bhiels building
last evening, provided for the creation of
the official district Republican clubs which
will be recognized by the County Com
mittee as the official clubs wherever
municipal politics are concerned.
There will be at least one such clnb in
each Assembly district, and in districts
where tbe geographical distribution of
voters makes it more convenient two
clubs will be organized.
While these Republican clubs will be
wholly apart from the many other general
clubs organized purely in the interest of
the National ticket, they will co-operate
with those clubs and lend all possible aid
to the general campaign clubs in the In
terest of the Republican ticket generally,
while being organized with special, refer
ence to the local campaign.
Charles Manwaring called to order the
meeting, which was attended by thirty
three of the thirty-six members of the
County Committee, and an interested
lobby, which occupied every chair and
crowded the aisles and entrance, gave evi
dence of the general interest taken in Re
publican party affairs.
Aside from the routine proceedings the
feature of the meeting was the report on
club organization presented by tbe com
mittee od that work by Secretary John
Jackson, the chairman.
The report which was adopted recom
mended the organization in each Assem
bly district of one club, with the excep
tion that two clubs should be organized in
districts where tbe County Committeemen
of such districts deemed it necessary.
Such clubs were to be organized by the
County Committeemen of the districts on
Tuesday evening, the 18th inst., at places
named by the County Committeemen and
by temporary officers and enrolling com
mittees appointed by them.
The resolution adopted provided spe
cifically for the organization of many new
Republican district clubs next Tuesday
evening, and further provided that the ]
club rolls should be kept open at tbe
places designated by the County Commit
teemen, hereafter to be published, at times
ending at 10 p. m. on Friday, August 21,
when the rolls bo closed and there
after investigated. Such clubs shall be
permanently organized on Saturday even
ing, August 22, whereupon the rolls shall
be reported to tbe County Committee.
This plan of municipal clnb organiza
tion met the hearty and unanimous ap
proval of the members of the committee
and a call of the roll by districts resulted
in the determination that two clubs should
be formed in the following districts:
Thirty-third. Thirty-sixth, Thirty-ninth,
Fortieth, Forty-second, Forty-third and
Forty-fourth.
On motjfcn of J. M. Chretien tbe chair
man was instructed to appoint a commit
tee of three, of which the chairman shouid
be one, to superintend the carrying out of
the resolution.
No other business of importance was
transacted before adjournment.
The I'honiix Republicans.
The Phoenix Republican Club, which meets
at Scottish Hall, on Larkin street, has change-i
its meeting night from Tuesday to Thursday.
Thi. chance has been necessitated in conse
commercial houses women work for less
than 14 cents a day of twelve hours, board
ing themselves. In studying the fore
going table of wages it should be borne in
mind that the rate paid in Yokohoma is
probably the largest prevailing anywhere
in the empire, because of tbe stimulus to
prices caused by the presence of a large
foreign population, the foreigners not
being such close traders as the natives and
not nearly so frugal in their habits.
The tastes of the Japanese are simple
throughout and they spend almost noth
ing for food. For Americans to try to
compete with such wages would mean in
dustrial and commercial suicide. It is to
prevent snen a lowering of the scale of
wages that the policy of protection has
been appealed to by those who have at
heart the welfare of the people and the
general prosperity of the country.
According to the statistics recently
gathered by the Osaka Board of Trade
there are now 61 factories in operation,
with 580,564 spindles, employing 8899 men
and 29,596jw0men. The factories in course
of construction and which will be in full
operation during the present year will
bring the total number of spindles up to
819,115, and 37 of these are at Osaka.
It is the opinion of those who have most
closely studied the varied industries of
Japan that when tbe Japanese once get
thoroughly into the woolen industry they
will make such marked progress as to
practically overwhelm their American
competitors. They are getting in im
proved machinery in large quantities, and
all that is necessary is for them to make a
thorough study of methods, and with their
imitative ability they will soon be flood
ing this country with goods that Amer
quence of the increase of members being
more than the small hall downstairs could ac
commodate. Hence on next Thursday even
ing the club will hold its first meeting in the
large hall upstairs, at which C. M. Shortridge
and Colonel T. V. Eddy have been invited to
speak.
YOUNG REPUBLICANS.
Enthusiastic Meeting of the league
/ Held Last Night.
: The Young iien's Republican League
Club held an enthusiastic meeting in Jus
tice of the Peace Kerrigan's courtroom
last night, President Frank K. Spencer in
the chair.
Speeches were made by several of the
members in opposition to the statements
made in Bryan's New York speech, and it
was decided to invite all Republicans to
be present at their meeting next Thurs
day, when the speech will receive the full
est consideration at the hands of the mem
bers and several prominent Republicans.
After the regular meeting the officers
of the league went into executive session
to arrange the programme for next Thurs
day evening.
♦
Organizing In the First.
A letter has been received by Colonel
M. R. Higgins, secretary of the Repub
lican State Central Committee, from
Frank L. Coombs of Napa, stating that as
president of the Republican League for
tbe First Congressional District he had
appointed as secretary D. D. Dodson o^
Red Bluff, and as presidents of the county
leagues in the district T. L. Carothera of
Ukiah, O. O. Webber of Santa Rosa, Judge
C. C. Bush of Redding, James Barnie oi
Weaverville, J. N. Gregg of Red Bluff,
Robert Nixon of Yreka, J. S. Laird of
Arden, W. A. Makinden of St. Helena,
William Barr of San Rafael, L. S. Kinsey
of Eureka. They are earnestly engaged
in the work of forming clubs and leagues
in their counties, so that the First Con
gressional District will soon be organized
for campaign work more completely than
ever known before.
The Ocean View Club.
To-morrow evening a big mass-meeting
will be held at Wolf's Hall, under the
auspices of the Ocean View Republican
Club. Hon. Eugene F. Loud and other
eminent speakers will address tne meeting.
Used a llrick as a Weapon.
Frank Edgoose, better known among his
associates as the "Kid," was arrested last
evening by Officer Rathfon and Special Police
man Berge aud detained at the California
street police station on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon. Last Sunday morning
Edgoose, accompanied by several friends, went
into the saloon of P. Pola, Pacific and Mont
gomery streets, and raised a disturbance.
During the fracas the prisoner threw a brick
at Pola, which struck him on the forehead, in
flicting an ugly wound. i'he "Kid" made his
escape, but last evening he was seen by the
officers and promptly placed under arrest.
lean makers cannot compete with and
live. In woolen rugs and carpets a large
field is opened to them, one which, with
out a tariff, will enable them to seriously
cripple the American manufacturer or
drive him completely out of the business.
Frank G. Carpenter, the well-known
American newspaper correspondent, has
made it plain why the Japanese
prices are so low. He says there
is no law against child labor and
no system ol regulating the hours of
workmen. In both cases the greatest im
aginable abuses abound. Some of tbe chil
dren engaged in rug-making are under 6
years of age, and there area number of
girls of 8 and 10 years working at wajjes
equivalent to 5 cents a day in American
money. These work from 8 o'clock in the
morning until 6 at night, having less than
an hour at noon for lunch. It is with
such workmen und wages that American
citizens are expected to compete under the
free-trade ideas of William Jennings
Bryan, the great advocate of the Wilson
bill. Under his ideas of statesmanship
the entire products of the world ought to
be admitted without let and hindrance into
American ports.
The study of manufacturing possibilities
among the Japanese reveals the fact that
the range of their work is the widest im
aginable. Whether in linen and woolen
textures, in ceramics or in the various
I forms of metal work they excel by their
cunning and the facility with which they
make the ideas of foreigners their own.
They have been making great progress in
the "technical trades ever since 1875, and
the most approved ideas of the Western
World are rapidly becoming theirs. It
requires only the most casual study of the
comparative wage lists of Japan and this
country to convince the investigator that
there can be no competition between
goods made in Japan and those made
here, under existing differences of the
countries for the trade would all be in
favor of Japan.
When the wage- worker fully under
stands these differences there will be
no doubt how he will cast his ballot. In
every realm of industry it is shown, by an
overwhelming array of evidence, that pro
tection and prosperity are one and that
free trade would destroy the wages and
the industries of this country.
YOUNG LEADERS OF
THE FORTY-SECOND
Enthusiasm for the Repub
lican Party Growing
Rapidly.
THEY ORGANIZE A CLUB
Loyalty to the Party and Devo
tion to Its Principles the
Watchword.
SURE TO CARRY THE DISTRICT
For McKinley, Hobart and tbe Entire
Municipal and Legislative
Ticket.
The Forty-second Assembly District
McKinley Club is an active Republican
organization with an enrollment of 190
members. The officers are: President.
Charles Easton; vice-president, John
Geils; secretary, William Colligan; treas
urer, Joseph Murray ; financial secretary,
D. Schultz; sergeant-at-arms, Harry Ken
ney; executive committee— John B. Reilly
(chairman), Joseph F. Murray, Harry
Kenny, James Dixon and George Calvert;
enrolling committee— Charles Spinks, Wil
liam Murray, I. Cline, Thomas J. Reilly
and James Mills; finance committee —
John Creamer, J. Schofield, W. Flanders,
Dominick Beban and D. H. Schultz; com
mittee on resolutions— Dominick Beban,
M. Goodenough, T. P. Conham and John
Gooly.
With this list of officers there are nearly
200 active, energetic and enthusiastic
young men who have with a will and a
dash entered into the political fray of
1896 with a determination to carry the
Forty- second Assembly District by a large
majority— much larger than it was earned
by the Republican Assemblyman two
years ago.
At that time there were five candidates
in the field for the Assembly, two being
Republicans, and yet Isaac M. Merrill won
the prize and represented the district at
Sacramento.
Then the Forty-second District had no
club organization, bat the loyalty of the
voters did not permit this fact to throw a
wet blanket over the fire of their Repub
lican nearts.
The following series of resolutions, as
passed by this club at one of its meetings,
will show the timber of which the organ
ization is composed:
Whereas, The Republican party has placed
before the people for their suffrage able repre
sentatives for the offices of President and Vice-
President of this country in the persons of
William McKinley of Ohio and Garret A. Ho
bart of New Jersey, men whom we believe will
relieve the prevailing distress, restore pros
perity, and whose administration will be a
credit and honor to this Nation ; be it
Resolved, That we, the Forty-second Assem
bly District McKinley Club, do hereby indorse
the nomination of William McKinley and Gar
ret A. Hobart for the offices of President and
V ice-President of this country; and be it
further
Resolved, That we indorse the proceedings of
the convention at St. Louis, and indorse the
platform there adopted; and it is further
Resolved, That we indorse the appointment
of John I>. Spreckels ns committeeman from
this State; and be it further
Resolved, That we indorse the Republican
County Committee and John M. Chretien and
Harry N. Gray as County Committeemen from
the Forty-second Assembly District.
The officers are all young, native-born
boys of San Francisco, raised in the dis
trict where they have organized their
club.
Monday nights have bean fixed as the
time of meeting, and the place is at Amer
ican Hall, northwest corner of Pacific and
Leavenworth streets, where, at all of the
assemblages, some of the best political
speakers attend and enlighten the mem
bers and others on the truths of Repub
licanism.
FOURTH-STREET CARS
Will Resume Operations on Monday.
Many Changes In Transfers
Will Result.
On Monday next the recently recon
structed Fourth-street line of streetcars
will be in operation with eiectricity as the
motive power and will form one continu
ous line with the Ellis-street road through
to the park.
With the resumption of traffic on Fourth
street a number of changes in transfers
will be made, taking effect August 17.
The provisions temporarily made dur
ing the reconstruction of the Fourth
street line for transfers between Fifth
street cars and Howard and Folsom-street
cars will be discontinued.
The ElJis-street line, extended down
Fourth street, will issue and receive trans
fers west of Powell street, as heretofore,
subject to the conditions that such trans
fers as are desired are to be asked for at
the time tho fare is settled, and that pas
sengers traveling upon transfers will not
be given transfers in tne opposite direc
tion.
Cars bound east and south will receive
transfers from southbound Powell-streets
cars and will issue transfers to north
bound Powell-street cars, to eastbound
Market-street cars, to east and west bound
Howard-street cars, to westbound Foisom
street cars, to westbound Bryant-street
cars and to southbound Kentucky-street
cars.
Northbound cars of the Third-street
line will issue transfers to westbound
Folsom-street cars and to Howard-street
cars, both east and west bound.
THE BUILDING TRADES.
The Interior Work on the Schoolhonses
Still Causes Trouble.
At the meeting of the Building Trades
Council last evening Delegates Eichel
berger and Jones of the Lathers' Union
presented their credentials. As the lathers
have recently organized a strictly journey
men's union the delegates were seated.
J. W. Rose presented his resignation as
secretary on account of ill health and Al
Beach was elected to fill the position.
The delegates from the Painters' Union
want to correct a misunderstanding as to
the position of the two painters, Busse
and Griffin, who recently investigated the
schoolhouse jobs.
These men were duly selected as a com
mittee to make this inquiry and were not
"self-appointed," as was stated at the
meeting of the Board of Education. Upon
the subject of poor work being done by the
contractors in repainting and whitening
the schoolhouse, J. J. Connolly, the busi
ness agent, sent the following letter, which
was indorsed by the council:
San Francisco, Cal., August 13, 1896.
Editor of Call: We, the Building Trades Coun
cil, ask you to oblige us by publishing the fol
lowing: At the regular meeting: of the Build
ing Trades Council a complaint was brought
in from the Painters' Union in regard to toe
way the culcimining has been done on the
schoolbouses. The painters claim and are in
a position to prove that the work is not being
done according to specifications. First, the
specifications call for the cleaning of walls
down to the plastering, so as to remove all
former applications. This has not been done.
On tbe contrary, they have not even dusted
the walls in most cases.
Tbereiore we. the Building Trades Council,
condemn the parties who had tne supervision
of said work for their negligence in not seeing
that the work was done according to specifica
tions as it progressed. We request the public
and all reform bodies to assist us in bringing
pressure to bear on the parties in charge of
said work and compel them to discharge their
duties as required by the public and laid
down in the specifications.
J. J. Connolly.
Business Agent Building Trades Council.
WORKING FOR THE BOYS
Enthusiastic Meeting of the
Youths' Directory Festi
val Committee.
Charitable People Warned Against^
Two Fraudulent Collectors Who
Are Going About.
The general committee in charge of the
arrangements for the approaching festival
in aid of the Youths' Directory met last
evening at the assembly-hall, 2030 How
ard street, James R. Kelly presiding.
More than 100 ladies and gentlemen
were present, and the greatest enthusiasm
marked the deliberations.
Chairman Kelly, on behalf of the com
mittee appointed to solicit contributions
from banks and insurance companies, re
ported that the sum of $750 baJk already
been received.
A. B. Maguire ana J. J. Donohue re
ported that they had visited all the whole
sale coal-dealers in the City and in every
instance had met with a favorable re
sponse to their appeal on behalf of the
homeless boys of the Youths' Directory.
According to their report there will be
many tons of choice coal raffled for during
the comine festival.
George E. Gallagher of the committee
reported that he had received a letter from
David J. Costeilo, now sojourning at Bart
lett Springs, stating that Mr. Costeilo had
procured a valuable Jersey cow and would
present the animal to the festival com
mittee to be raffled for the benefit of. the
homeless boys.
The committee on the benefit perform
ance given in aid of the festival by the
Chauncey Oicott Company reported thac
the sum of $129 75 bad been realized as
tbe percentage of tickets sold by the
friends of the directory. A much larger
amount would have been realized had the
instructions of Father Crowley been fully
understood and acted upon by the public.
According to agreement with the business
manager of the theatrical company the
directory received no share of the tickets
sold at tne theater box-office, and many
friends ol the institution, not understand
ing this provision, had failed to procure
tickets at the other places at which they
were placed for sale.
Reports were made that two different
persons without warrant or authority
were soliciting donations for the festival,
and the committee on press were in
structed to announce that a book bearing
the signature of Rev. D. O. Crowley and
the stamp of the Youths' Directory had
been furnished to each and every person
acting for the committee and that dona
tions should be withheld from all who
failed to present such a certificate of
authority.
Sunday Baseball-
The Oaklands will try conclusions with tho
San Franciscos at the California Baseball
League grounds Sunday at 2:30 p.m. Follow
ing is the make-up of the taams:
San Franciscos. Positions. Oaklands.
W. Scott Catcher Agnew
H. Iberg Pitcher Shea
M. Murphy First base Dalmoa
F. Monahan Second base. Keating
P. Sweeney Third base Walter*
H. Krug Shortstop Arlett
J. Leonard Right iield Hardia
M. Zann Center Held Feeney
R. Levy Left Held Davis
SEW to-day;
tlC<ZZs^li Natural - 9
*^^^1 Flavor £
W IIBIMHUL ul! JBk w' ( hout that scalded- g|
v JCT" I ljroriSMfgKa milk taste.
" \fL -^fttkUSWl A desirable result^
■ KIJV^SS I never before obtained m
ABII?X3^-" rffli by others. I
X P|C^rigJ^"T- Jt « f I PREPARED «T J
? \§£gsE££Zo New York Condensed f
• >^=^^^ Milk Co. 0
IS MANHOOD
EVER LOST?
Strictly speaking, no! at least, hardly
ever, except In extreme old age. What
we call "lost manhood" and "Nervous
Exhaustion" is merely weakened power.
Underneath the ashes the fire remains
aglow. It requires careful scientific treat-
ment to fan it into a bright flame of life
and energy.
Your despondency looks foolish— is fool-
ish. Keeps you from getting well. It's
the worst part of your sickness. Try and
get over it. . Try and look like a man-
head up, body erect. Then do as a man
should do; get help in a common-sense
way.'
But for the sake of your existence— for
the sake of those dear to you or dependent
on you, don't play with lire. Leave quack
medicines, cure - very body nos-
trums alone. . '
Go to a specialist. Go to one who has
devoted a lifetime to this branch of human
suffering; who cures where others try and
experiment. •
To the deuce with false modesty ! As if
this greatest of specialists would "blab"
about you, or give your case any other
thought than is necessary to cure you.
Doctor Cook treats with wonderful suc-
cess not only nervous debility of young, -
middle-aged or old men, but he cures fe-
male complaints and all chronic and in-
ternal troubles of both sexes. His spe-
cialty also embraces eye, ear, throat, nose,
brain, liver, j lung, chest,, heart, kidney,
stomach and bowel, diseases; also piles,
fistula and rupture, hydrocele, varicocele
and kindred ailments.
Write if you cannot call. You can be
treated successfully by mail. Tell every-
thins:. . . •
Office Hours— 9 to 12 a. m., 2to 5 and 7to
Bp. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. only. •
Address ■ >
DOCTOR COOK, B^ggg^^;
HOGS and HENS.
T WOULD LIKE TO BUY A HALF IX-
••■ lerest in asmall HOG RANCH near railroad.
| i Only persons who can give good references as to .
character need reply. - . :
Address, with full particulars, LARKSPUR, box
[ 74, Call Office, San Francisco.WAR AMONG THE
LOCAL AGENCIES,
Mercantile Concerns Act
Like the Insurance
Agents,
AND CUT RATES BADLY.
The Fight Was Started When
One Company Was Re
organized.
WHY A CIRCULAR CAME OUT.
Trouble Aross Through the Changes
and Seme Ugly Thitg>
Developed.
Toe mercantile agencies have been en
gaging themselves in a merry war for a
month or more, so that in their circles
nowadays the condition of affairs is sug
gestive of the recent conflict among fire
insurance companies when rates of insur
ance were reduced 75 per cent. With the
mercantile agencies special inducements
have been offered to get business, and it
may be said that old rates no longer pre
vail.
These agencies go along so^uietly that
their existence is scarcely known outside
the commercial community, and yet they
employ large forces of men and women
gathering, compiling and distributing
statistics and information on the condition
of business enterprises, the standing of
mercantile firms and the general status of
trade and commerce on the Pacific Coast.
From this it may be seen that the volume
of their own business is considerable, and
indeed an important factor in the econ
omy of commercial affairs.
Their contracts with business houses
and bankers for supplying information in
statistical ana other forms upon trade
conditions and upon private houses are
taken &3 a reflex of the business of a com
munity. So the agreements that have
been signed since the tight began have
been talk of employes in the different
agencies and of those men directly inter
ested outside the agency offices.
It was stated by a representative of one
of these agencies that contracts were writ
ten for two and a half years ahead at
greatly reduced rates.
Under ordinary circumstances contracts
would be made for six months, a year, or
any time over a year, at schedule rates.
The yearly contract, however, was usually
considered long enough, so the extension
of time at a low rate was a genuine sur
prise.
Bradstreet's claimed that there really
Was no change m their method of business
with regard to contracts, only that the
volume of business was increasing. Dun
& Co. were making a vigorous bid for
new business, and this, it was said, if not
directed at the Pacific Coast institution,
Pickens, Fulton & Co., would have the
effect of cutting into their business in the
future. In fact, several contracts have
been dated six months hence, so that
when existing contracts- shall then have
expired the rival house will be astonished
to find that part of its business is in an
other's hands.
About six weeks ago there was a change
in the agency of Pickens, Fulton & Co.
It seems that under the former manage*
ment this well-Known concern was not
wholly successful in a money-making
point of view, although it gave an excellent
service and amply satisfied its patrons.
The old officers retired, new directors took
their places and the institution was prac
tically reorganized with Georee F. seal,
the publisher of the Commercial News, as
president. This put the agency on a
sound basis, but rivals took advantage of
the change to secure contracts at a time
when the state of affairs was not thorough
ly understood.
From it, too, the war began for business
and a new agency on a small scale was
started by two former employes of the
reorganized agency. This further com
plicated matters in a certain measure,
and in the beat of the fight sorae state
ments were made reflecting on Pickens &
Co. Letters said to have beer, written by
a partner of the new local concern to mer
chants were found. They contained dam
cging statements which were promptly
met. The result was that Pickens <fe Co.'s
offices in Los Angeles, Portland, Seattle,
Tacoroa and in other Northwestern cities
were notified and circulars sent to sub-
Bcribers to the agency on this coast and in
the East. These circulars were dated
August 10 and mailed yesterday. They
are as follows:
Pickens, Fulton & Co. (incorporated), "l
The Commercial Agency,
130 Sansome St., corner of Pine. f
San Francisco, Cal., Au?. 10, 1896. J
It has come to our knowledge that certain
former employes oi this company are circu
lating false and malicious reports detrimental
to our interests.
In order to correct the mischief intended by
these parties and for the information of our
patrons, we deem it necessary to say that cer
tain change* have recently taken place in this
company, which have added new life to the
concern, its new president being George F.
Keal, who, for the past eleven years, has been
manager of the Commercial Publishing Com
pany of this City, and through whose efforts
that company has been placed in the enviable
position it holds to-day. New capital hes
been brought in and the company is now on a
Bound financial basis.
Messrs. William Fulton and E. Goeller are
6tiil connected with the company, doing, if
euch a thing could be, more than ever for the
furtherance and advancement of its interests.
F. C. Matthews, who has been connected with
the company for the past seventeen years, dur
ing the last eight of which he has had entire
management ot the reporting department,
still retains that position, being further ad
vanced to the office of secretary.
All of the old employes are retained, with
the exception of two reporters and one sten
ographer, and the places of these parties have
been filled b>-moi>e«ompet«nt people. In ad
dition to this there has been a considerable
increase in the working force, so that to-day
the same is larger and more efficient than ft
has everfbeen.
This has already resulted in the office being
complimented on the improvement in the
service rendered, and within the next three
months we will guarantee our reports to be
better than any heretofore issued. To satisfy
auy doubt that might arise as to this state
ment, we will be pleased to have our patrons
carefully compare our present reports and
service in general with that which has been
rendered heretofore.
Oar la w and collection department con
tinues under the charge of our attorney, Wil
liam Rigby, who has been associated with us
for the past six years.
While we are willing to extend to competi
tors the utmost fair play and all the business
they may be able to maintain by fair means,
we yet claim the same treatment from them,
regretting, however, to say that it has not
been granted for some time past.
Thanking you for past patronage, soliciting
a continuance thereof, and assuring you of
our best efforts to give you every satisfaction
J& regard to business intrusted to us, we are,
yours respectfully,
* y PICKENS. FULTON & CO.
Oeo. F. Keal, President.
Developments are being watched by the
attorney, and it has been stated that if the
embittered fight should bring to light any
further wrongs a suit at law will be the
result. ________———
Four Cases of Suicide.
Coroner Hawkins held inquests yesterday on
theSodiesof John Sopher, Charles D. Kenni
son, Jesse Franchey and A. J. Bretonnel. Ver
dicts of suicide were returned by the jury in
$very Instance. Sopher first shot his wife and
then killed himself. Young Kennison grew
despondent over some trivial matter and blew
the top of his head off with a shotgun.
Fmnchev turned the gas on and Bretonnel
sent a bullet through his brain because his
wife refused to live with him.
THE SERVICE EXTENDED
Examinations Ordered for Certain Val
uable Positions in the Internal
Revenue Office. ,
The first result locally of the new civil
service law is seen in the following notice
issued Wednesday:
UNITED STATES CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATION.
The United States Civil Service Commission
has ordered that an examination be held by
its local board in this City on Saturday, Sep
tember 19, 1896, commencing at 9 o'clocic
a. m., for the grade of Clerk, Deputy Collector,
Storekeeper, Ganger and Messenger in the In
ternal Revenue Service. Only citizens oi the
United States can be examined. The age lim
itations for this examination are h&- follows:
Clerk, IS; other positions, 21 years of age. No
application will be accepted for this examina
tion unless filed with me undersigned, in
complete form, on the proper blank, before
the hour ot closing business on Monday, Au
gust 31, 1890. Applications should be hied
promptly, therefore. In order that time may
remain for correction ii necessary.
The commission takes this opportunity of
stating that the examinations are open to all
reputable citizens of tne United States who
may desire to enter the service, without re
gard to race or to their political or religious
atHlistions. All such cttUens are Invited to
apply. They shall be examined, graded aud
certified withf ntire impartiality and wholiy
without regardto any consideration save their
efficiency, as shown by the grades they ob
tain in the examination.
For application blanks, full instructions and
information relative to the duties and salaries
of the different positions, apply to
F. A. Fletcher,
Secretary Board of Examiners, Civil Service,
Appraisers' building, San Francisco.
When these vacancies are filled every
position in the Internal Revenue Office
except that of Collector Welborn will be
under civil service. It is expected that the
department at Washington will in a few
days order examinations in every branch
of the service at this port for such posi
tions as are not already under the law.
DISFIGURED FOR LIFE.
William Kaai, an Employe of the
Southern Pacific Company, Injured
by a Derrick,
William Eaas, a laborer employed by
the Southern Pacific Company in the
yards at Channel street, had a narrow es
cape from being killed yesterday after
noon.
Kaas was working a derrick in remov
ing from the cars heavy pieces of iron
which are to be used on the new Spreckels
building, Third and Market streets, when
by some means or other tbe hook of the
chain while ascending caught him on the
right side of the neck, tearing it and his
cheek and eyebrow open.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital
in the patrol wagon in a semi-conscious
condition, and it took Drs. Kearny and
Maher over half an hour to stitch and
dress the jagged wounds. After fully re
covering consciousness Kaas said that' he
did not know how the accident could have
happened. He just remembered being
struck by something and that was aIL
Kaas is an unmarried man, 45 years of
age, and lives at 137 Clara street. has
been in the employ of the company
for the past nine years. He will bear the
scars lor life.
JOHN M, SMITH HONORED
Farewell Eanquet Tendered on
the Eve of His De
parture.
Members of the Masonic Fraternity
Bid Adieu to a Popular
Past Master.
A farewell banquet was given Wednes
day to John M. Smith, past master of Ex
celsior Lodge, Free and Accepted Masons,
by members of Excelsior Lodge and by
other friends. Mr. Smith is going to Chi
cago to accept a responsible position, and
will take up his permanent residence in
that city.
The desire to give him a good "send off"
occurred to his friends, and they arranged
an occasion which was very enjoyable for
all concerned. Mr. Smith has reached a
hieh rank in Free Masonry, having at
tained the thirty-second degree. Repre
sentatives of the lodge, chapters, com
manderies and the Grand Consistory were
in attendance. Those who were present
were: J. M. Smith, C. P. Overton,
Henry Burner, M. Ryan, R. T. Loughery,
George Tashiera, C. L. Patton, S. H. Per
kins, M. J. Savage, Robert H. Country
man, W.G. Brown, V. G. Overton, Mr.
Humphreys, Mr. Chapman. C. G. Kenyon,
A. E. Buckingham, T. E. Smith, W. T.
Per Kins, G. H. Pippy, A. G. ScbetzeJ, J.
J. Stofen, W. N. Brunt. J. W. Nash, W.
Ay Doud, A. S. J. de Guerre, F. C. Van
Schaick, A. B. yon Wefelsbur^, L, A.
Murch, W. A. Halsted. C. W.'Coulisic.
George Armstrong, S. H. Daniels. Mr.
Beck, Dr. Bunker, J. G. Conrad, R. S.
Polastri, Mr. Schetterley and H. J.Owens.
During the evening speeches apt and
witty were mads by the Masonic brethren.
There were responses in behalf of Excel
sior Lodge No. 166, F and A. M., the
Grand Consistory, San Francisco and Cali
fornia chapters and California and Golden
Gate Commanderies of Knights Templar.
C. P. Overton acted as toast-master.
The expressions of regret at the early
departure of Mr. Smith and of hopes for
his continued success in his new field were
many. Mr. Smith is well known by busi
ness men, haviner been prominently con
nected with the Great Northern Railroad
Company as its agent in this City, and he
is widely known and popular in other
connections. He is one of the most papu
lar members of the Masonic craft in Cali
fornia. In Chicago he will be connected
with the insurance business.
A TRICK THAT FAILED.
Albert Hamilton, Known as "Little
Sandow," Nearly Fooled Judge
Low With a Fit.
Albert Hamilton was convicted yester
day by Judge Low of disreputable conduct
and was sentenced to thirty days in the
County Jail.
Hamilton, before sentence was pro
nounced, created a sensation in court by
going off into a fit. He flopped around
the floor like a fish when newly caught.
His eyes rolled in his head and every
muscle in his body seemed to be twitching.
The Judge took pity on htm and was
about to discharge him when an old
gentleman stepped forward and said that
Hamilton was arrested in Oakland on a
simiiar charge. When the otiicer placed
him under arrest he went into a similar
fit and the complaining witne» took pity
upon him and made the -officer release
him. Hamilton afterward boasted of how
he was able to fool people by gome off in
a pretended fit. This was enough for the
Judge and he sentenced him to thirty
days.
When Hamilton was removed to the
City Prison he played the same trick, but
it brought forth no sympathy for him.
Hamilton is known as the "Little San
aov," and was at one time in the employ
of a bkyc'a company on McAllister street.
A Diamond Ring.
Charles Steidle, a clerk, was arrested yester
day morning on a warrant chitrging nim with
misdemeanor embeizlement, but was released
on $50 cash bail. The complaining witness is
A. J. Eaton of the Occidental Watch Company,
24 Post street, who accuses him oi embezzling
a diamond ring worth $30.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1896.
A Corner in the Government Indian Supply Warehouse at 33 Washington Street, in Charge of
Colonel John Lane, Who Was a Classmate a # t West Point of General Custer.
SEEKING TRADE OF
INDIAN AGENCIES.
Competition of Portland
Merchants With Local
Firms.
A SCHEME SUSPECTED.
The Purchasing Depot Might Be
Moved Away From This
City.
BIG BUSINESS PROSPECTS.
Supplies for 12,000 Indians on Farms
and in the Schools of Five
States.
This year for the first time in the four
teen years that a Government Indian sup
ply warehoused has been located in San
Francisco, an effort has been made by an
other city to bid in competition with local
firms upon the various lines of merchan
dise furnished to the Indian resevations
and schools in the different coast States.
Portland merchants have entered the field
and have obtained contracts for several
lines of goods, having underbid their
rivals here.
Their orders amount to but $1500 out of
a total of $75,000 expended by the Govern
ment at this supply depot, but the move
is significant. Portland is nearer than
San Francisco to the great body of In
dian agencies on this coast — the agencies
of Washington, Idaho and Oregon. It
might only be necessary for her mer
chants to persuade the authorities at
Washington of this fact, show their bids
and then ask that the depot of supplies be
moved, or a northern branch be created.
When it is borne in mind that the success
ful bidders must at their own expense
send the goods to this warehouse for in
spection and then off again for distribu
tion, and that the northern merchants
may even lose money on their present
venture, the supposition is strengthened
that they have plans for the future.
Ban Francisco has never got all the
Indian trade within her power. The In
dian appropriation bill amounts to about
$7,000,000 a year. Of that sum about
$5,000,000 is expended for supplies of all
kinds. The main Indian supply warehouse
is situated in New York City. A very
large branch is maintained in Chicago.
From these two goes the great volume of
goods for the Indians. At Chicago this
year 480 firms bid on the supplies to be
iurnished. Clothine. dry goods, boots and
shoes, blankets, books and some other
things are supplied to the Pacific Coast
States by the Eastern bureau*.'. A great
deal of these goods for the coast States
could, it is said, be furnished at a less cost
by California merchants were an effort
niade to convince the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs of h e fact.
Colonel John Lane, chief of the local
temporary Indian supply warehouse, at
33 Washington street, thinks that ii cloth
ins, blankets, shoes and such supplies
were all awarded here, along with those
already on the list, there would be all the
way from $250,000 to as high as $500,000 or
more a year spent at this point by the
Government. California blankets are
known to be better and cheaper than East
ern blankets, and it is asserted that just
as good and as cheap farm wagons are
made in this State as are made in the
East But some goods can be furnished
more cheaply by Ibe East, notably medi
cal supplies. Then again, the Govern
ment gives preference to shoes ahd har
ness made at Indian training schools.
The records of this year's bids show that
San Francisco merchants can beat the
Easterners on groceries. The contract for
beans was let nn a bid by a local firm of
1.14 cents a pound. Last year the lowest
bid lor beans at Chicago was 4% cents a
pound. On coffee, teas and beans San
Francisco merchants ought to be able,
Colonel Lane thinks, to underbid the
Eastern merchants of both theNew^ork
and Chicago depots of supplies.
This year eighty-one San Francisco
firms bid on supplies — nineteen more than
last year — and five Portland firms entered
the competition. The Oregonians took
everything in the crockery line.
Four inspectors acted as judges of the
samples, all of which were only numbered
and were otherwise impossible of identifi
cation. Carroll G. Cambron was inspector
of groceries, Arthur McLea of leatherand
harness, Charles P. Osgood of hardware
and miscellaneous goods and C. F. Boyd
of paints and oils.
The grocery supplies are coming into
the warehouse, and as soon as they
shall have been compared with the
samples they will be shipped to the sev
eral reservations and other supplies will
come in. It will take until October Ito
receive and ship away the different lines
of goods, which will amount to over 500
tons of stuff.
There are three big Indian agencies in
California — the Mission of San Bernardino
County, with about 2000 Indians, and the
Hoopa Valley and Round Valley agencies
of Northern California, each with about
300 or 400 Indians. Oregon has probably
5000 Indians, and Washington perhaps
4000. The Nez Perces in Idaho may num
ber 1700. In addition to alt these San
Francisco is the main source of supplies
for the Yum a Indians of Arizona.
Colonel John Lane, who has been in
charge of the warehouse here for the last
three year 3, is a resident of Spokane.
Wash., but for many years has been well
known to all the Indian reservations of
the Far West. By tacit consent he is the
arbiter and judge whom the Indians seek
when he visits the reservations. He is the
son of Major-General Joseph Lane of Mex
ican War fame, the first Territorial Gov
ernor, later the first United States Senator
from Oregon, and subsequently candidate
for Vicp-President on the Breckinridge
and Lane ticket in the field when Lincoln
and Johnson were elected.
Colonel Lane was graduated from West
Point in 1861 and soon after entered the
Confederate army.- He served at Savan
nah, but latterly under Lee in Virginia.
"Poor Custer was a born artist," said
the colonel, as he watched the prog
ress of a sketch of the interior of the
warehouse, "but in our classfof fifty-two
at West Point 1 was number 52 in
drawing. I remember one of the last
days at the academy. All the drawings
were fastened round the room for inspec
tion by visitors.
"Another fellow and I had stepped in to
have a look at the work of our classmates,
when we heard 3ome one corning. It was
a lieutenant; he was a ladies' man with
three young ladies. We dodged into the
trophy-room to wait until they should go.
We heard them admiring Custer's work.
Then we heard the lieutenant say: 'But
just come down here if you want to see
real art,' and he brought the girls down to
the end of the room, right near our door,
and pointed out my drawing, that of John
Logan, now a lawyer in Virginia, and the
work of a fellow from Georgia named
Willis. The poor fellow was killed in the
war. The girls almost screamed with
laughter. I could have kicked that lieu
tenant clear out of the building.
"PoorCuster," repeated the colonel, "he
was without exception the greatest caval
ryman America has ever had, but daring,
impetuous when he once got into the sad
dle, always at the front, and brave; his
bravery was the cause of his awful death.
There are very f6w of that old class left.
Colonel Babbitt, up at Benicia Barracks,
and myself are the only ones on this
coast."
SPIRITUALISTS TO UNITE
The People's Society Preparing
for the State Con
vention.
Ad Interesting Entertainment Held
at Scottish Hall Last
Evening.
Tbe interest among local spiritualists in
the welfare of the recently formed Cali
fornia State Spiritualists' Association is
unabated, and the organizations not
already affiliated with that body are pre
paring to do so.
The People's Spiritualistic Bociety held
an open meeting to this end Wednesday
at 111 Larkin street, and the hall was
crowded to the door. The gathering was
composed largely of believers in the phil
osophy, but many strangers to spiritual
ists' belief were present. Mrs. Mary
Drynan, the president, presided, and
Mrs. Wren, the secretary, was at her post
The principal features of the evening
were songs, recitations and addresses, and
the programme was long, consisting of
over twenty numbers.
The address of welcome was made by
Mrs. M. J. Hendy-Rodgers, the pioneer of
spiritualism. In her remarks she recited
the progress made in spreading the belief
from the first of the Rochester rappings to
the present, and she dwelt with much
feeling upon the necessity at the present
time of all spiritualists forming under a
more central union.
Mrs. Drynan made a few remarks, stat
ing that the society of which she is the
president is very desirous of affiliating
with the State organization by representa
tion at the State convention of spiritual
ists.
As all such steps require money, and
this is no exception, the necessary funds
must be raised. Later in the evening a
number of donations were made by the
audience, and three-quarters of the
amount necessary was raised.
Mrs. R. Cowell of 414 East Sixteenth
street, Oakland, also delivered a spirited
address upon the same lines as the presi-
Mrs. Stewart, an elderly lady who has
been in tbe spiritualistic ranks since child
hood, read an interestine paper upon the
necessity of organization.
The others who assisted in the enter
tainment were: Mrs. Winters, piano solo;
Mr. Cartwright, songs; Mrs. Ellis, recita
tion; Mr. Sutherland, song; Emily Wal
lace, Eons; Mrs. Tuliy, s>ong; Mrs. Pam
perin, song; Mr. Mineo, sons and auto
harp solo; and address by Dr. John
Temple.
The president urged all mediums de
siring to join the society and be recognized
by the convention to send theirordination
papers to the secretary, Mrs. Wren.
TALKING POLITICS.
The Civic Federation Will To-Night
Discuss an Independent Ticket.
The Civic Federation will meet this
evening in the assembly-room of the Mills
building, when an important report will
be submitted by the committee on polit
ical action.
j This committee is = composed of George
T. Gaden, C. B. Perkins, Richard Lambert,
D. Gilbert Dexter and Wallace Bradford.
At a meeting of : tbe ; executive council of
the Civic I Federation : it t reported ,in favor
of decisive political action in putting up a
ticket independent of < all ~ political: parties
in the ~i coming : election. ; There ; was • con
siderable 5 difference > of ? opinion, however,
about the advisability: of ; going into the
political arena, some members of the ex
ecutive body f maintaining that the Civic
Federation could, better serve its purpose
in other directions. ;U * *
H Oi^ccount of the divergence of opin
ions it was : decided ito submit the matter
to the federation at to-night's meeting.
\ «*■
PLENTY OF BAGS
FOR THE FARMERS,
San Quentin Will Sell Them
at the Same Price—
$420.
MUST OBEY THE LAW.
No Chance of Disposing of the
Sacks Under the Category
of "Furniture,"
SAYS THE ATTOENIY-GENEBAL
His Opinion on a Request of the
Directors Seeking to Evade the
Ostrom Act.
The following is the reply of the Attor
ney-General to a communication from the
State Board of Prison Directors to the
State Board of Examiners in relation to
the sale of jute bags manufactured at the
ban Quentin Prison:
San Francisco, Ca 1 .., Aug. 6, 1896.
State Boaid of Lxaminers, Sacrtnncnto, CaL—
Gentlemen: I am in receipt of your favor of
the 4th inst., inclosing a communication from
the State Board of Prison Directors "request
ing the State Board of Examiners to make an
order for the sale of grain bags" under the
provisions of an act entitled "An act author
izing the State Board of Examiners to sell old
furniture and all material belonging to the
State and not required for public use," ap
proved March 31, 1891 (Stats. 1891, 452).
In reply to your request for an opinion (1)
upon the power of the board to sell such bags
under the provisions of the act in question;
and (12) as to whether or not an act entitled
"An act fixing the price and conditions of sale
at which jute goods shall be sold by the State,"
approved February 27, 1893 (Stats. 1893, 54),
is in conflict with the provisions of section
2, of article X, of the State constitution,
1. I am of the opinion that any attempt of
the Board oi Examiners to dispose of the jute
goods manufactured at San Quentin would be
a mere evasion of the act of 1893, above re
ferred to, which fixes the price and conditions
of sale "at 'vhich jute goods shall be sold by
the State," and which is the only authority
under which jute goods can be sold by the
State.
The act of 1891, authorizing the State Board
of Examiners to sell old furniture, etc., is as
follows:
The State Board of Examiners are hereby au
thorized to sell, when in their judgment they accra
it advisable, the old furniture and all other useless
material belongine to the State and not required
for State purposes and pay the proceeds thereof
into the State treasury to the credit oi the general
fund.
It is perfectly manifest that grain-bags
manufactured by the convicts of San Quentin
axe neither "old furniture" nor ''useless mate
rial."
I inclose a copy of an opinion rendered by
me to the State Board of Prison Directors on
the 2d of last December, relative to their
powers and duties in the sale of jute goods
under the Act of 1893. I can add nothing to
what I said in that letter, nor can I advise
anything but a strict compliance with the law,
even though such compliance may work ap
parent hardship in the management of the
State Prison. If the law is faulty It must be
corrected by the Legislature, and not other
wise; for, as was well said by Juslce Bronson,
in the case of Waller vs. Harris, 20 Wend.
(ST. V): "Courts cannot correct what they
may deem either excesses or omissions in
statutory provisions without the (lunger of
doing vastly more mischief than good."
lam further of tbe opinion that the Act of
February 27, 1893, "fixing the price and con
ditions of sale at which jute goods shall be
sold by the State," is not in violation of the
provisions of section 2, article X, of our con
stitution, but is directly in accord with sec
tion 6 ot article X of the constitution, which,
is as follows:
After the Ist day of January, 1882, tbe labor of
convicts shall not be let out by contract to any
person, copartnership, company or corporation,
anil the Legislature shall by law provide for the
working of convicts for the benefit of the ftaie.
Respectfully,
\V. F. FiTZOKXAiD, Attorney-General.
COPY OF A FORMER OPINION.
San Francisco, Dec. 2, 1895.
To the State Board of Prison Directors, Ca<»/or
n fa— Gentlemen: In reply to your request for
a construction of an act entitled "An act fixing
the pnea and conditions of sale at which jute
goods shall be sold by the State," approved
February 27, 1893, and to your questions (1)
as to whether or not your board has the author
ity under said act to sell jute bags manufac
tured at trie State prison to manufacturers of
sugar, and (2) whether or not the limitations
as to number prescribed in said act for the sale
of "grain bags" apply to the sale of bags man
ufactured for other purposes.
First— l am of the opinion that "jute goods',"
manufactured at the State Prison can be Hold
at the price prescribed by the act to any "ac
tual consumer," who will make the affidavit
required by section 3 of said act; and that,
although tha act gives precedence to the
farmers of the State overall other persons in
purchasing "grain bags" it nevertheless con
templates that jute goods can be sold to other
persons who are "actual consumers" within
the State, and it places no limitation upon the
class of consumers to whom sales may be made.
Second— -I am further of tha opinion that the
limitation as to number prescribed by the act
applies to the sale oi "grain bags" only ; but, in
any event, if your board should unanimously
determine to make a sale in excess of those
limitations the act confers upon you the au
thority to do so, provided that sufficient grain
bags are retained to fill the orders on hand
and to supply the demand of the farmers,
Respectfully,
W. t. Fitzgerald, Attorney-General.
The foregoing opinion was rendered by
the Attorney-General in reply to a request
from the State Board of Prison Directors
to the State Board of Examiners to au
thorize them to sell the grain bags now
on hand at San Quentin Prieon without
the restrictions placed upon their sale by
the law known as the Ostrom act. Speak
ing of the matter one of the directors said :
The baw now left at the prison are not old
stock, but on ihe contrary have all been man
factured within tne past year, and even if
they had to be carried over until next season
would then be just as fresh and newly-made
as any Calcutta bags which may be imported.
Tbe prospect for their sale this year may
best be arrived at by a close scrutiny of the
probable requirements by the farmers of Cali
fornia for this year's crop of irrain.
During the season of 1895 there were
shipped from San Francisco to the interior of
the State about 25,000,000 of grain bags.
This quantity constituted the needs of the
State for 1895.
The Jjraln crop of this year is admittedly
larger than thatot 1895, and therefore a larger
quantity of bags ought to be required this
year than last. However, according to the
best dnta which can be obtained, shipments
to the interior during this year to date, August
7, ore only 20.269,000 bugs (including nearly
3,000,000 of San Quentin manufacture) or
about 5,000,000 less than were used during
1895. Unless the grajn crop should turn out
much below the estimates made all along dur
ing the season, the farmers of the state will
therefore require at least 5,000,000 bags more
than they have been supplied with »o far.
The visible stock available to supply this
probable demand was as follows on August 7:
In s»n Francisco's warehouses 2,799,000
In City stores 60 .000
At San Quentin Prison 2,578,000
■ A total 0f..;...'".. ..V......; 6,427,000
This quantity is just about enough to supply
the demand which ought to exist if the re
quirements are >. as large as they were in 1895,
and all reports s received this year point to a
larger yield of grain and therefore the need of
a larger quantity of bags. .. - '."■■■
It is a matter of fact that the price at which
the prison bags were sold this year— 20
—exerted a powerful influence upon the market
and kept the price for Calcutta Dags at about
the same figure, and the farmers of tne State
have reaped tne sole benefit of the low prices
which have prevailed. . . . •••
The States of Oregon and Washington were
fully supplied this year by direct importations
from Calcutta, and importers and dealers were
therefore confined to the California trade,
where the San Quentin bags proved to be a
most important competitor, and virtually con
trolled the market as far as prices were con
cerned. .
Farmers, however, do not appear to ap
preciate ' this influence 'as they ought, and
while they acknowledge that they derive the
benefit of the competition, and that the bags
manufactured at the prison are of a superior
quality, they prefer in most instances to pur
chase the Calcutta bags, even at a higher price,
as they can obtain them much easier, their
sale not being hampered by any restrictions,
deposits, affidavits, etc., such as are imposed
by the law upon the sale of prison bags.
As will be seen by the opinion of the
Attorney-General, the provisions of the
law must still be followed in the disposal
of the : prison bags, which, Warden Hale
states, will be sold for the balance of the
season at the same price as heretofore —
$4 20. ' ' - - .■ - • - ■ • . ■
EJECTED LATE AT NIGHT.
Woes of a Sick Stenographer Whose
Landlord Wai Hard Hearted.
K. 8. Mallory, who describes herself as
an expert stenographer and typewriter, has
brought suit agaicst William Kropt and
Catherine Kropt, his wife, for $2000 dam
ages.
The defendants keep a boarding and
lodging house at 218 Turk street at which
Miss Mallory resided up to August 3of
this year. On the evening of the day men
tioned Miss Mallory, sick and tired, went
to her room and had just retired when,
apout 10 o'clock, so she complains, the
defendants woke her by a continual noise
and broke into her room. Once inside they
threatened her, and finally closed the
folding bed in which she was and jammed
and hurt her so as to compel her to arise
partially clothed. She was then forced to
pack her belongings and leave the house.
The plaintiff further alleges that she
was forced to wander about the streets
until midnight before she found shelter.
For all of which ill treatment she asks
that $2000 damages be awarded her.
PLAYERS AND SINGERS.
Jottings Made in Front of the
Footlights of This
City.
The Curtains Rise Nightly Upon. a
Temptirg Variety of Well-
Staged Attractions.
"The Masqueraders" is drawing fine
audiences to the Baldwin Theater at every
performance. The card scene brings out
recalls every evening. The play is charm
ingly staged, with scenery and costumes
on a fine scale. Viola Allen, William
Faversham, Robert Edeson, Annie Irish
and the remainder of the cast appear to
advantage. The last performance of "The
Masqueraders" will be given Saturday
night. That will be the farewell night,
a Iso, of the Empire Theater Company's
engagement. Next Monday night "The
Gay Parisians," which comes direct from
Chicago, where it closed recently a run of
100 nights, will be produced. The com
pany includes W. J. Ferguson, James O.
Barrows, Charles B. Wells, W. R. Shirley,
Sadie Martinot, Mrs. E. J. Phillips and
Margaret Gordon. The advance sale of
seats begins this morning.
Chauricey Olcott is singing every night
in "The Irish Artist" at the California
Theater and will continue throughout the
week, ne has an excellent support and
the performances are made particularly
pleasant by Mr. Olcott's ballads. Next
Monday evening "The Minstrel of Clare"
will be put on. Tuesday evening a testi
monial benefit will be tendered the
Olympic Club. Seats are now ready.
At the Tivoli Opera-house last evening
Balfe's ever popular ballad opera "The
Bohemian Girl " was rendered. Miss
Katherine Kreig made her first ap
pearance as Arline. Miss Kreig possesses
an excellent well-trained soprano voice
and has successfully appeared both in
Germany and this country in various
prima donna roles. The cast also in
cluded Bernice Holmes, John J. Raffael,
Martin Pache, Richard Karl, Edward
Torpi. Next week Verdi's ever popular
opera "II Trovatore" will be presented.
On this occasion the well-known contralto,
Miss Flora Finlayson, formerly of the
Bontonians and Lillian Russeli;Opera|com
panies, will make her first appearance as
Azucena. Mme. Natali and Nina Bertini
Humphreys will alternate in the role of
Leonora, Sig. Fernando Michelena will
be the Manrico and Sig. Maurice de Vries
the Count de Luna.
On Monday evening next at the Colum
bia Theater the original performance on
any stage will be given by the Frawley
Company of Hilary Bell and Ramsay
Morris' new play entitled "Tha Social
Trust." Great interest is manifested
throughout the Jnited States by the pro
fession, and especially the dramatic critics
of the East, on account of this production
originating on a San Francisco stage, and
the fact that it is by two such prominent
authors. The story is founded upon inci
dents connected with the famous cordage
trust, the downfall of which stirred the
whole financial world.
"The Two Orphans" holds the boards at
Morosco's Grand Opera-house. This is
the third week of James M. Brophy. Per
formances every evening and Saturday
and Sunday matinees. Professor Grae
ber's Mandolin and Guitar Club plays at
every performance.
Immense audiences are in nightly at
tendance at the Orpheum. Amonf» the
attractions are T. A. Kenn dy, hypnotist,
who makes lots of fun, the four Nelson
sisters, Black Patti, Biondi, Techow's cat
circus and vaudeville.
This evening and every night this week
Conn Fredericks will give a sensational
bicycle performance at the chutes. Mr.
Frederick coasts the chutts on a safety at
10 p. m. Tbe merry-go-round for children
adds to the general merriment.
A concert takes piace every afternoon
and evening at the Sutro baths, which are
open from 7 a.m. until 11 p. >i.
Want Regular Inspectors.
Hereafter every Chinese journeying to Puget
Sound points will be subject to inspection by
the Chinese Bureau.! In the past this has been
done by officers working under the Surveyor.
Mr. English yesterday asked Collector Wise to
take charge of the business because the traffic
has assumed such proportions as to take up
altotretner too much of the time of the Deputy
Surveyor ana those ■ working directly , under
him, ■' .--•• ■.
WILL THE CITY
PAY ITS DEBTS?
Creditors Will Ask the
People to Help Them
Collect.
NO AID FROBT COURTS.
Over $200,000 Worth of Sup
plies Used, but Legally
Repudiated.
BECAUSE TAX LEVY WAS LOW.
Appeal to the Legislature to Grant
an Election to Vote $8,000,000
Bonds. \
The merchants of Ban Francisco, to
whom the City owes $210,000 for goods and
supplies ordered, furnished and consumed
when there happened to be insufficient
funds in the treasury to pay for them, are
going to appeal to the people to see that
the just debt is paid. First a committee
of merchants will go before the State
Legislature and ask that a special election
be held In this City for the purpose of
voting bonds to pay the City's standing
indebtedness and also to provide certain
improvements that the public are very
eager to have.
J. P. Le Count, chairman of the credit
ors, is at the nead of this movement, and
he has, through the secretary of the
Board oi Trade, sent ont notices calling
all the City's creditors to a meeting to be
held at the Board of Trade next Monday
afternoon at 2:30 o'clock for the purpose
of discussing this new plan and appoint
ing a committee to go before the Legisla
ture.
For two years Mr. Le Count Las tried to
get satisfaction from the courts. The
claims have been presented in the Superior
Court, in the Supreme Court and to the
Board of Supervisors, but at each place he
has been told that the State constitution
does not take cognizance of City debt!
incurred in excess of the tax levy.
Now the people of San Francisco are to
be asked if they will see just debts repudi
ated because of a technicality of the law.
Mr. Le Count feels confident that the
people of San Francisco will not willingly
acquiesce to such an injustice. Where
law does not avail he feels tnat equity
must.
•'They ordered the goods; they needed
them," he said yesterday. "We provided
them and they used them. I am Hrmly
convinced from my numerous conversa
tions with business men that the senti
ment is in favor of paying the debts con
tracted by the City.
"The amount of claims for goods,
wares and merchandise is about $211,000.
Contract bills for that year and the year
previous amount probably to $150,000
more.
"I think that a special election would be
constitutional and that bonds to the
amount of $8,000,000 or $10,000,000 could be
voted in either silver or gold. Then the
debts could be paid. Then Market street
could be paved and other improvements
made that are now dependent upon an
uncertain tax levy."
NEW TO-DAT.
Bedroom Suits.
Bedroom suits rightly
bought are for yourself
and the next genera-
tion — but be sure you
get the right sort.
A skip here and there
in the making doesn't
hurt the looks much—
you'll find them out
quick enough in the
wearing.
This picture and price
may hint at others. •
Solid oak, carved and polished. Cheval
dressing bureau— large glass.
The few that are left, $23.
With a worldful to men-
tion, prices are all we can
give:
Oak suit— sl2s, was $200.
Oak suit— s9s, was $135.
Oak suit— s3o, was $40.
Maple suit— s4o, was $52.
Birch suit— sl3s, was $175.
White and gold suit— $90* wai $125.
Walnut suit— s9s, was $120.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street
910
NOTHING STOPS
THE MYSTIC LIGHT
New Roentgen Rays Pene
trate Three Inches of
Substance.
SOME MARVELOUS TESTS
Professor Van der Naillen's
Powerful Apparatus From
France.
FALSE DIAMONDS DETECTED.
Three Inches of Solid Boards and
Paper Make Not the Slightest
Resistance.
Bones in the human hand and foot and
silver dollars inclosed in a book were as
conspicuously visible in a frame of yellow
ish-white light in a small dark room at
Bones of the Foot as Revealed Through the Shoe by the Roentgen Ray.
the top of the History building on Market
street yesterday afternoon as is the big
cross on the top of Lone Mountain against
its background of Dright sky.
This marvelous result was accomplished
by a very high development of the Roent
gen rays, the most powerful yet produced
in California, if not in the United States.
The experiments were made by Professor
Albert Van der Naillen and his son, R. Leo
Van der Naillen.
Man has already learned to curve a
sphere out of a straight line, and to shoot
around a corner. With the present rate
of progress with the mysterious X ray it
may not be long before be can look
through a brick wall and count the hair
pins of his .neighbor's wife in the next flat.
Professor Van der Naillen is a well
known San Franciscan. Accompanied by
Mrs. Van der Naillen he left for Paris,
France, March 13 last, to study the new
and unknown light, as well as for pleasure,
"knowing that in Paris they have reached
the highest development in all lines of
scientific research," he said. Professor
Van der Naillen says that the scientific
men of the Ecole Polytechnique and the
Hospital Salpetriere, Paris, were on the trail
of the X ray and had made some experi
ments when Professor Roentgen of Ger
many succeeded in showing the bones of
the human hand and was bailed by the
worid as the discoverer of the new and
marvelous light which penetrates opaque
matter aa though it were glass and finds
no resistance m solid substances.
In Paris he met Consul de Lalande,
French Consul for this City, who was
home on a furlough. Consul de Lalande
introduced him to Albert Londe, official
radiographer for the Hospital Salpetriere,
Colonel Count de Rochas, administrator
of the Ecole Poly tec nnique, which ranks
as the greatest polytechnic school in the
world, and 10 other eminent scientific
men. They gave him all the information
that he desired and placed him in posses
sion of the results of their latest experi
ments. So when he returned to San Fran
cisco a few days ago Professor Van der
Naillen brought back with him the latest
improved apparatus for the production of
radiography.
The Roentgen ray possesses the curious
property of being able to detect spurious
diamonds. The tirst time this was pub
licly tried in Paris the result was some
what dramatic and discomfiting for a
peeress of the realm. A Marchioness ap
proached Professor Londe and asked him
to place a very valuable diamond necklace
in the Roentgen light. She said she had
recently had it repaired and a lost dia
mond replaced, and sbe wanted to learn
whether tier jeweler had pat in a genuine
diamond or a false one.
The Roentgen ray causes the radiograph
of a spurious diamond to appear black,
while real diamonds appear clear on the
plate. The result was that the diamond
replaced by the jeweler was genuine, but
three of the largest pendant stones in the
front of the "priceless" necklace showed
as black spots. The Roentgen ray made
plain the fact that the stones, which were
supposed to be worth 20,000 francs each,
were not worth 20 cents. So if any one
has a diamond which he has reason to
suspect is glittering under false pretenses
the Roentgen ray will expose its real
character.
One of the spectators, who pleaded not
to have his name put in the paper yester
day afternoon .owing to the dreadful fact
that the Roentgen rays discovered that he
had a hole in his sock, placed his foot on
the little tabie immediately before the
littie glass tube by which paradoxically
things are made visible by that which is
invisible.
The tube used by Professor Van der
Naillen is the English tube, which is said
to be the most perfect made. The tube is
a vacuum and little wires run into each
end. To the unscientific mind that seems
to be about all there is to it, and its shape
is more of an elongated bulb than a tube.
Connected with it is a powerful electric
battery, the coil of which develops 3,000,
--000 volts. The object to be exposed is
placed between the tube and a thin fluor
escent plate, properly called the fluoro
scope, and the shadow, or rather the
radiograph, of the bones for instance, is
seen on this plate. Usually one or sev
eral thicknesses of pasteboard are placed
between the object to be shown — for in
stance, the hand — and the fluoroscope.
The Roentgen rays, Professor Van der
Naillen says, always go in a straight line.
The foot on the table having been placed
in the proper position and the tionroscope
arranged by Loo Van der Naillen, for this
was a unique experiment tried by him,
he touched the button. There was a buzz
and a whirr, and a pale yellowish light
filled the room. Through the thick leather
of the sole, two thicknesses of black sock,
several inches of feet and the leather of
the upper the bones of the "patient"
instantly stood out perfectly clear. Indeed,
it appeared almost as tangible as a skele
ton foot. There was no waiting at all for
the development of tne radiograph. It
came out the instant the light flashed.
The exposure continued till all were fully
satisfied that a certain white spot on the
fluoroscope was after all not a hole in tiie
"patient's" sock. Afterward, to vindicate
the integrity of that sock, he took off his
shoe, and, presto! the sock was whole.
The Call representative who was pres
ent was requested to place his hand for
exposure. He put up that hand which
had no diamonds on the fingers. There
were several thicknesses of pasteboard
and a walnut board one-quarter of an inch
thick between the hand and the flouro
scope. This was one of the best experi
ments of the afternoon. The phalanges,
the carpus and the metacarpus showed as
plainly as could be desired by a physician
requiring the most exact examination.
Even the cartilage between the finger
joints showed as rings of white, causing
the bones to appear disjointed. The hand
was moved forward, and the two bones of
the lower arm appeared perfectly distinct
through the pasteboard, the walnut board
and the thicknesses of coatsleeve, cuff and
undershirt.
But perhaps the exhibition of the great
est interest was this : Three silver dollars
and a $5 gold piece were placed in the
middle of a book an inch and a half thick.
Then several thicknesses of pasteboard,
the walnut board a quarter of an inch
thick and another board fully an inch
thick were placed between the book and
the tube. Altogether there were about
three inches of solid matter. But that
made no difference to the new apparatus
from Paris and the latest atid best English
tube. Whirr went the battery, and as a
flash came the light. The Roentgen rays
reduced those inches of wood and paper to
nothingness. They shot right through
them. The three silver dollars and the
gold piece stood out as clear as the moons
of Jupiter as seen through the Lick tele
scope, only these moons of gold and silver
were perfectly black. It was wondrous.
It seemed as though those rays could just
as easily bave penetrated several feet as
several inches of solid substance. Pro
fessor Van der Naillen said this was not
possible by any other apparatus in Cali
fornia.
Paradoxical as it may seem in connec
tion with the experiments told about here,
the Roentgen ray is not visible. It is too
fine spun for that, and the rate of vibra
tion is too high for the human eye to find.
But the eye knows that it is there, for the
result is visible. .But the cathode ray, the
twin sister, so to speak, of the X ray, is en
tirely visible. It is seen as a steady, thin
yellow spot of light in the intense white
ness of the tube. The Roentgen ray comes
from and- through the cathode ray. The
former cannot be diverted from a straight
line unless the cathode ray be diverted.
The only thing that can change the focus
is a powerful magnet, and this, as it is
moved up and down and back and forth
along the interifcr of the tube, the little
yellow cathode spot will follow as faith
fully as a properly trained yellow dog fol
lows his master. Where the magnet goes
there the cathode light goes also.
Professor Van der Naillen will deliver a
public lecture and exhibit the apparatus
and the results some time next week.
A PARISH PICNIC.
The People of St. Joseph's Arranging
for a Grand Outing.
Arrangements are now complete for the
picnic of the St. Joseph's Paris') , which is
to be held Saturday, August 22, at Shell
Mound Park, Berkeley. Everything seems
to indicate that the picnic will be one of the
most enjoyable held this year.
The committee of arraneements has left
nothing undone that will add to the pleas
ure and convenience of those who will at
tend. There are 250 very valuable gate and
game prizes whicli will be drawn and con
tested for. The games will begin at Ip. m.,
and this part of the programme promises
to be followed with keen'lnterest.
The Hibernian band of eighteen pieces
will leave on the 9 a. m. boat for the i
grounds and will play dance music in the !
pavilion all day. Chauncey Olcott, the
celebrated Irish comedian will attend the
picnic and has volunteered to render
some of the Irish melodies which have
made him prominent. As it is expected
that a great many who have Saturday
afternoon off will avail themselves of this
opportunity for a pleas-ant outing the bet
ter part of the programme will be reserved
until the afternoon.
> * . — - —
Socialism in the Country.
ineoaore i^yncn was the speaker of the even
ing Wednesday at the mass- meeting of Liberty
Brnnch at the Turk Street Temple. He told of
his experience in the country during the last
two weeks as an organizer of local sec;lonsand
centers of propagandism. His remarks on the
bright and hopeful prospects of support prom
ised to the cause oi socialism in the interior
were listened to with ruarkua attention and in
terest by the large auiience. During the dis
cussion that followed snort addresses were
made by Leo Gasser, R. A. Copeland. Henry
Warnecke, C. D. Sunflower, A. H. Appel and B.
Dougherty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1896.
VALUE OF COIN
VERY UNSETTLED
One of the Early Effects
of Free-Coinage
Agitation.
GOLD BEING PREFERRED
It Is Beginning to Disappear
From Circulation Al
ready.
WHAT THE BANKS AEE DOING
They Will Refuse to Receive Silver
on a Par With the Royal Metal,
and Lines Are Drawn.
The action of Assistant Treasurer Berry
in adhering to the rule prohibiting the
redemption of silver or silver certificates
with gold has caused considerable flurry
in financial circles in this City. Bankers
have had to follow suit in order to pre
vent their gold being drained away by
speculators, and they now give depositors
credit for their deposits in the same kind
of coin or currency in which the deposit
is made.
Hence, if a man deposits silver he need
not expect to draw out gold. He will be
paid in silver. Similarly silver certificates
will be redeemed in silver and not in gold.
There is a feverish feeling in financial
circles on account of the agitation on the
silver quesiion. Preparations are being
made by the persons most directly in
interest to meet'the result of the election.
If the decision of the majority of the
voters shall be that all the silver of the
world shall be coined into American dol
lars by the mints of the United States,
gold will be at a hfgh premium, for
silver dollars, because of their plentiful
ness, will b- cheap, and this fact will
work a revolution both in ihe industrial
as well as the financial world. Wages will
I not- be affected at the outset, but prices
j will rise, and the man who receives $2 a
day for his labor and pays $1 tor a certain
quantity of flour or other produce must
pay $1 50 or even $2 for the same quantity
under free coinage. This will be equiva
lent to a reduction of wages.
W. J. Bryan made this significant ad
mission in his New York speech:
What is the test of honesty in money? It
must be found in the purchasing power of the
dollar. An absolutely honest dollar would not
vary in its general purchasing power. It
would be absolutely stable when measured by
average prices. A dollar which increases in
purchasing power is just as dishonest as &
dollar which decreases in purchasing power.
Under both monometallUm and bimetallism
I the Government fixes the weight aud flnenessof
the dollar, invests it with legal-tender quaii
j ties and opens the mints to its unrestricted
I coinage, leaving the purchasing power of the
I doliar to be determined by the number of
dollars.
Mr. Bryan's position, as here stated, is
the position of the bankers and financiers,
and it is tho correct position with refer
ence to the axiom that an increase in the
volume of currency decreases prices- The
more dollars in circulation the less they
will buy.
The significant phrase of Mr. Bryan's
remark is "leaving the purchasing power
I of the dollar to be determined by the
number of dollars."
The bankers appreciate the truth of this
statement. If all the silver bullion pro
duced in the world may be brought to the
United States and coined into do-lars at
about double the present value of such
bullion the silver-mine owners will become
enriched, for their profit will be 100 per
cent. For t>o cents worth of bullion they
will receive $1. Following Mr. Bryan's
statement as to the number of dollars
cheapening them, which is true, the
laborer who receives $1 a day for his labor
will be able to purchase for $1 only 50cents
worth, or half of the goods which he now
gets for $1.
A report was current yesterday that be
cause National bank notes must be re
deemed at Washington the First National
Bank of this City had declined to receive
them.
S. G. Murphy, manager of the bpnk,
told a Call reporter yesterday that there
was no truth in the report. He said that
owing to the action of the Sub-treasury
officials the banks in order to protect
their clients would refuse to accept any
more silver than they could pay out. He
added that a short time ago some persons
brought a large quantity of silver certifi
cates from the East, which they deposited
and drew gold therefor. The present un
certainty and the agitation on free coin
age has increased the supply of silver
certificates, and the banks in order to
meet their obligations to their clients
have begun to do business by paying out
silver for silver received and gold for gold
received.
"We take only what silver we can dis
pose of," added Mr. Murphy.
GRAND JURY INQUIRIES,
P. B. Cornwall Will Testify at
the Session To-
Day.
Illegal Registration Cases to Be
Taken Up— The Final
Report.
At the meeting of the Grand Jury to
day P. B. Cornwall will attend as a wit
ness. Since it seems to be settled that Mr.
Cornwall was the man that Supervisor
Taylor referred to when he said that he
knew a citizen of high standing who could
tell something about the solid seven Su
pervisors, it is presumed that the mem
bers of the jury will ask many questions
in this line. Mr. Cornwall will tell the
jury what he knows, and his testimony
may lead to the calling of other wit
nesses.
The foreman of the jury will to-day call
np the illegal registration cases referred
for investigation by Registrar Hinton and
the Election Commissioners. When asked
last evening why these cases were not
tasen up at the last meeting Mr. Maskey,
the foreman, said that the District Attor
ney, to whom they had been referred,
made no report thereon last Friday. The
subject is on the Grand Jury file for con
sideration to-day. The District Attorney
will be asked to make a report showing
what has been done.
The assignment of the proceedings
against the seven accused Supervisors to
Judge Seawell seems to be gratifying to
members of the Grand Jury. They regard
him as a Judge who has backbone.
The final report of the Grand Jury is in
course of preparation. At the meeting
last week John Landers was added to the
committee which is charged with the duty
of preparing the final report. The infor
mation obtained regarding extravagance
in the municipal government and which
was put in tabulated form for transmis
sion to the Board of Supervisors will be
embodied in the final report.
When the solid seven Supervisors ig
nored the Grand Jury's plain showing that
personal property belonging to corpora
tions had been undervalued to the extent
of $11,000,000 and in the face of tnat show
ing reduced the assessment $2,500,000 be
low the Assessor's valuation the memoers
of the Grand Jury decided to change their
plan of campaign and address no more
communications to the board. It is
claimed that the report wili present to the
public facts and figures showing reckless
administration and waste in several de
partments.
FOR HOME INDUSTRY.
Manufacturer* and Producers Send a
Letter to Frssuo.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation has written the following letter
to the Board of Education of Fresno
County :
August 13, 1896.
To the Honorable the Board of Education of
Fresno County, Fresno, vol.— Gentlemen: We
have been informed that in a few days con
tracts will be awarded for the furnishing of
desks for the Fresno High School.
We feel that it is unnecessary to remind you
of the great necessity of encouraging our home
manufacturers by patronizing them, as you no
doubt fully understand the importance of such
action on the part of all Californians and Cal
ifornia institutions. However, we feel It our
duty to remind you that furniture such as you
will require is manufactured in California of
as good quality and at as low a price as any
imported furniture.
Your board will no doubt receive bids either
from the California manufacturers tnemselves
or dealers handling the California product,
and we trust that due consideration will be
given to their bids, and, if price ana quality
permits, that preference will be given them in
awarding the contracts.
Hoping that your honorable board will give
this matter the consideration that its im
portance warrants, and feeling assured that if
you do the contracts will be awarded for the
California product, I am, for the association,
yours very truly, L. R. Mead, Secretary.
"OLD PARD'S" LAST TRIP
Death of G. W. Cornwell, the
Pioneer Engineer on This
Coast
Opened the Throttle Thirty-Six Years
Ago on Market Street for the
San Jose Line.
George W. Cornwell, the pioneer engi
neer of the old San Jose Railroad when it
ran steamcars on Market street to St. Pat
rick's Roman Catholic Church, that then
stood where the Palace Hotel is now
located, died at his residence on the cor
ner of Erie and Howard streets on Tues
day forenoon from heart disease.
The deceased was a native of New York
State, and, with his brother, D. C. Corn
well, entered the railroad service as engi
neers on the Buffalo and Rochester road.
From there the two brothers came to
California and at once entered the service
of the then only railroad company in this
State, that of the Ban Jose line. With
this branch the deceased remained ever
since and until last Monday, when he
made his last run on engine 1900 as far as
Ocean View. On returning to his home
he complained of feeling ill and went to
bed, where he died the next morning.
Jb'or a number of years— in fact, from
the time the first train ran to Monterey —
he bad charge of the engine that ran the
express, or, as it was known, the "hum
mer." This in the end proved too labori
ous for his declining years, and because of
his faithfulness he 'was given the "push
er," or what is called the helper, which
assists in drawing the heavy trains over
the steep grade between this City and
Ocean View.
in consequence of his length of service
and in accordance with an expressed hope
of the late Senator Stanford, he acted as
one of the pallbearers at his funeral, do
ing a similar service at the obsequies of
the late A. N. Towne.
Deceased leaves a widow and one son,
who is :n business in the southern portion
of the State, besides two brothers who re
side in New York and another brother
already mentioned who is an engineer on
the San Luis Obispo line.
The funeral was held yesterday after
noon from his residence, thence to Valen
cia and Sixteenth, whence a special train
conveyed the body and the mourners to
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. The Locomotive
Engineers' Association had charge' of
the body and the members of that body,
with other representatives of the Southern
Pacific Company, acted as pallbearers.
Mr. Cornwell was known to every rail
road man on the coast as "Old Pard' r and
the message, " Old Pard' is dead," flashed
along the wires was everywhere greeted
with sorrow.
HE IS THE TOUGHEST BOY
Distinction Borne by Frank
Quinlan on Bernal
Heights.
For Two Years He Has Terrorized
the R sidents, and the Police
Are Now After Him.
Frank Quinlan is only 13 years of age,
but he bears the distinction of being the
toughest boy on Bernal Heights.
Yesterday George Walkmeister, 22 Mon
tezuma street, appeared in Judge Low's
court and swore to a complaint charging
Frank with battery. He presented to the
Judge a petition signed by about twenty
residents of Bernal Heights, in the immedi
ate neighborhood of Frank's abode, praying
that a warrant be issued, as the boy had
terrorized the people on the heights for
the past two years, and that something
should be done to keep him out of mis
chief.
Walkmeister said that Frank carried
things with a high hand. He delighted in
throwing stones at windows and smash
ing them, while the occupants of the
houses were in the rooms inside. He was
always careful that no one saw him and
only laughed when taxed with it.
Children in the neighborhood were mor
tally afraid of him, especially little girls.
When he caught them alone he would
slap their faces, pull their ears, and even
go so far as to inflict corporal punishment
upon them.
Every effort has been made for the past
five yeara to catch him in the act, but
without success till Tuesday of last week,
when he was seen beating Rosie, the little
daughter of the complaining witness.
Walkmeister talked the matter over
with his neighbors, and they determined
to take some steps to suppress Frank, and
the petition to Judge Low was the result.
The warrant was issued and sent to the
Seventeenth-street station to be served,
but up to a late hour last night Frank had
not been arrested.
New Mail Service.
The first mail ever received direct from St.
Michaels, Circle City, Forty-mile Creek and
points on the Yukon River, reached this port
on the steamer Bertha, Saturday last. This
same vessel will start on her return trip next
Monday, carrying mail for the points already
mimed and also for Cooks Inlet, Kodiak, Kar
luck, Belkofsty, Mialaska, points on thfl
Alaskan peninsula and the Islands adjacent
thereto. To Superintendent Flint must be
Riven the credit for the new mail service. He
has also arranged for the steamer Point Arena,
which sails twice each week, to carry maU to
Point Arena and offices as far north aa Slen
docino.
CHINA'S VICEROY
IN GREAT DANGER,
The Life of Li Hung Chang
Threatened by His
People.
WILL AVOID THIS CITY.
Enemies of the Present Emperor
Fully Organized in San
Francisco.
TO RESTORE THE MING I> YN ASTY
Patriotic Celestials Declare That No
Nation on Earth Is as Great
as Theirs.
Li Hung Chang, China's aged Viceroy
and the most eminent statesman in the
empire, will probably give San Francisco
the go-by. This change of programme,
presuming it be true, is due to an organ
ized movement of certain Chinese to take
the life of Chang, should the opportunity
present itself.
This determination is not one of recent
Li Hung Chang.
birth, but had its origin nearly half a cen
tury ago, when a society known as the
Hine Chung Woey was organized. Tho
movement had for its one purpose the
destruction of the present ruling house
and the restoration of the Ming dynasty.
The disasters encountered by the Chi
nese empire in the last three years have
not tended to lighten the prejudice
against the Manchurian ruler, though the
present tight is directed mainly toward
the Emperor's right bower, Li Hung
Chang. To this personage is attributed
China's defeat by Japan, and nothing but
his death or deposition can wipe out that
disgrace.
The fact that the Emperor took away
one of the Viceroy's peacock feathers was
made much of at the time, but this is for
gotten in the honors whir.h have been
showered on Chang during the past eight
months. His triumphant visit to Russia,
Germany, England and now to this coun
try was too much for those who desired to
see the Ming dynasty again in power.
The Hing Chung Woey Society took on
new life. Some weeks ago eight agents of
the society reached this City. Just how
or from whence they came no one seems
to know, out that they have done good
work for the cause they represent not
even the supporters of the Emperor and
Li Hung Chang will deny.
The fact is doubly emphasized in the
change of programme ordered by the
Viceroy. It is given out on what appears
to be good authority that be will return
to China by way of Victoria. That Li
Hung Chang should seek to avoid San
Francisco, where there are to-day residing
more Chinese than any other spot outside
bis native land, seems more than ordi
narily strange. His journey therefore
toward the land where he has exercized
such a powerful influence /or more than
half a century will be watched with in
terest.
From outward appearances, however, it
would seem that Li Hung Chang had
heard of the presence in this City of the
Hing Chung Woey. In his own country
the Viceroy does not fear this powerful
political organization, because his follow
ers are numerically greater. But in a
strange country it is different. He does
not know the strength of his own follow
ers, consequently he will trust himself
only to his white friends. He knows that a
price is on his head as well as that of his
master's, the Emperor, but he does not
propose to give any one in this country
a chance to collect it.
For several days past the dead walls in
Chinatown have been filled with bright
posters announcing the purposes of the
Hing Chung Woey Society and calling on
all Chinese opposed to the present ruler
to acquaint themselves with the principles
of the new order and lend it their moral,
physical and financial support. Li Hung
Chang was attacked most fiercely. He
was charged with traitorous conduct In
connection with the late war with Japan.
Facts which now are part of the history of
China's downfall are cited to show that
certain relatives of the Viceroy traded
their honor for Japan's gold.
The society further says that China,
properly governed, should submit to no
foreign power, least of all to Japan. It is
generally conceded that the majority of
the Chinese living in this City are vio
lently and unalterably opposed to Li Hung
Chang.
There are many who believe he would
be virtually taking his life in his own
hands should he elect to visit San Fran
cisco. The persistent political movements
has greatly augmented this hatred for the
Emperor's advisor, and those familiar
with affairs in Chinatown say he certainly
would be taking a great risk by coming
here. It is stated that the Viceroy has
been notified of this local upheaval, hence
his determination to return home by way
of Victoria.
At the Chinese Consulate they declined
to talk about the matter, except to give
expression to a doubt as to the work ac
tually accomplished by the society's agents
in San Francisco.
They were inclined to the opinion that
the situation was not nearly so grave as
had been represented, and that Li Hung
Chang c uld come to this City with per
fect safety.
It is admitted among all Chinese that
the Hing Chung Woey Society is a power
ful organization, its membership running
into the millions. It only costs $5 to join,
but later on every member is assessed $10,
though this is all he is even asked to pay.
It is to be used ultimately in overthrowing
the present dynasty, which means, of
course, the downfall of Li Hung Chang,
should that gentleman not previously
have died from natural causes or have
been assisted to the great beyond by an
assassin's bullet or knife thrust.
BUCKMAN IS DEFIANT.
The Contractor Says Positively That
He Will Not Move His Grading
Camp.
The chances of legal difficulties between
the Board of Health and C. E. Buckman,
the contractor, over the condition of the
latter's grading camn grow stronger as
time wears on, and the day by which
Buckm an has been ordered to vacate draws
near.
Dr. Lovelace condemned the camp after
an examination and gave Buckman ten
days to move, under pain of arrest. He
refused to go to the camp for a second in
spection when invited by Buckman, stat
ing that in spite of all reports to the con
trary he was satisfied that the camp was a
menace to the public health.
Buckman sent a formal notification to
the Health Office yesterday that he does
not intend to obey the Health Officer's
orders; that he has placed his camp in a
thoroughly sanitary condition and that he
will fight all efforts to oust him to the bit
ter end. Dr. Lovelace insists that his
order must be obeyed, and there the mat
ter will rest until ihe ten days expire.
FIVE SCHOOL DIRECTORS
Indorse the Position Taken by
the Grand
Jury.
Reasons Why the W.bster Primary
School Should Not Be
Abolished.
On July 31 the Grand Jury sent to the
Board of Education an earnest protest
against abolishing the Webster Primary
Schooi. The communication was received
on the day the School Directors, had ap
pointed to take action on the subject,
and when the resolution to abolish was
called up the directors indefinitely post
poned it.
Several School Directors, believing that
the Grand Jury was meddling in affairs
which concerned only the Board of Educa
tion, replied in a sharp letter to the jury's
communication. The substance of this
reply was published in the newspapers.
Since then the action of the Grand Jury
has been indorsed by School Directors C.
A. Clinton, E. P. Barrett, A. Compte Jr.,
W. F. Ambrose and T. R. Carew. These
directors, in a letter bearing date August
11 and addressed to the Grand Jury, say :
We bee to state that the communication ad
dressed to you was not authorized by and did
not emanate from the Board of Education as a
body. We are fully in accord with the state
ment of facts so clearly made and the conclu
sions reached by your honorable body. The
suggestion contained in the communication
that members of the Grand Jury are requested
to make such inquiries as they see fit, regard
ing the facts presented is one as to which we
heartily cononr with said members signing
said communication. Such investigation con
ducted by your honorable body, with the
solemnity and safeguards that attend such in
vestigations, would in our opinion establish:
First — That the location and surroundings
of the Webster Primary School are not danger
ous to life or health or morals.
Second— That it is not in the present power
of the Board of Education of this City and
County to secure a large Income from the
property occupied by the Webster Primary
School buildings; that the power does not ex
ist to make leases of City lands for any longer
term than ten years. Leases of tho schooi
lands at the corner of Fifth and Market streets
were made under a special act of the Legisla
ture, approved March 30, 1874, five years
prior to" the adoption of our present constitu
tion.
Conceding that a Legislature not yet select
ed might confer upon the Board of Education
tne power to lease the lands and' the right to
abolish the Webster Primary School and the
Lincoln Grammar School and the thirty-five
evening classes that are accommodated in both
buildings, and deny reasonable school facili
ties for the territory containing the most
thickly populated district in the City, there is
very grave question whether the power would
exist in the Legislature to enact any statute
especially applicable to San Francisco author
izing the leasing of public property for any
longer term than ten years or such term as
may be permitted in other counties of the
State.
Third— That it is nscessary to continue Web
ster Primary School in order to properly pro
vide for the children in this neighborhood, a
condition of which the members oi the Board
of Education have been fully advised by the
honorable, the Deputy Superintendent of
Schools, C. B. Stone.
Fourth— That the abolishing of the Webster
Primary School is not called lor as a necessary
measure of economy.
Fifth— That the closing of said school at this
time could not, under the law governing the
Board of Education and the rules adopted by
it, be accomplished without injury to the prin
cipal and to the teachers of said school.
Sixth— That the erection of the Parrott build
ing to the northeast of said school property
has not injuriously affected said school build
ings, and has not shut off the sunlight from
them, but on the contraiy the erection of said
building has improved the condiiion and sur
roundings of said school premises.
We desire to say further to your honorable
body that the enrollment of school children,
referred to in the communication of said
School Directors, as the present enrollment of
the Webster Primary School is not a correct
statemeutof the enrollment of the children
at the present time. The figures stated in
their communication are from the smallest en
rollment of the school taken in the last week
in June, when, on account of the longer school
term this year, many children had already tem
porarily left with their paren ts for the country.
The cnildren referred to in snid report as
living without the district live in the territory
between Seventh and Eighth streets within a
distance of three blocks of said school. The
difficulty and danger of sending children from
schools south of Market street to schools north
of Market street must be apparent not only to
Grand Jurors but to every citizen who knows
the character and amount of travel on the
main thoroughfare of the City.
The dangers of sending children from the
territory between Fourth and Seventh streets
cau be appreciated when we know that a
horsecar line traverses Filth street; that an
electric line will shortly traverse Fourth
street; that electric lines cross Third and Sec
ond streets. In the some territory there is the '
electric line upon Mission street and a cable j
line upon Howard street.
While in some cases the power may be con- !
ceded to close schools and transfer the classes, '
the law does not contemplate that such action '
shall be taken in the case of flourishing and j
successful schools, though it might be re
sorted to in cases where the neighborhoods
have so changed in character, as in the case of
the Jefferson School, that the proper number
of pupils cannot be found within the adjacent
school district.
Finally we would urge upon your honorable
body that the "matters referred to in your
former communication to the Board of Educa
tion and in the response of certain members
of said board addressed to you and In this
communication, are of that grave public im
portance which would warrant a further and
fuller investigation by your honorable body,
and the undersigned «re willing individually
and collectively to afford every assistance to
your honorable body in making such investi
gation. Respectfully submitted,
C. A. Clinton,
E. B. Barrett.
A. Compte Jr.,
W. F. Ambrose,
T. B. Carew.
Suit for Maintenance.
Mrs. Mary Flora has sued her husband, John
Flora, for $50 per month permauent alimony.
She says that for a year past he has failed to
Drovide for her.
AN EDITOR FROM
SOUTH AFRICA,
C. E. Finlayson on the
Effects of the Great
Raid.
RHODES' ITALIAN HAND.
Burdensome Monopolies Which
Control the Coal and
Dynamite.
HIGH FREIGHTS BY RAILROAD.
Friction Because of an Alleged Ameri
can Invrsion— Champion Tennis-
Player.
C. E. Finlayson, editor of the Johannes
burg (South Africa) Times, was among the
arrivals here yesterday on the Coptic. He
is at the Occidental.
Mr. Finlayson has lived for fifteen years
in Sooth Africa. He was formerly editor
of President Kruger's paper, the Pretoria
Press. The Johannesburg Times, which
he has for a long time past edited, is
owned by J. B. Robinson, the millionaire
gold mine owner, prominent in political
and other affairs in South Africa. Mr.
Robinson is also owner of daily papers at
Capetown and Pretoria.
Editor Finlayson, who has been touring
the world, is the author of a book, "A No
b ody in Mashonaland," which has at
tracted considerable interest.
In the opinion of Mr. Finlayson, Sir
Cecil Rhodes was responsible for the
Jameson raid. Rhodes was behind it, and
lent the movement all the aid he could,
hoping to profit by it, and become in time
the ruler of South Africa.
"The whites pay seven-eighths of the
taxer and yet have no political privileges,
but because of the rash raid of Jameson,
backed as he was by Rhodes, the cause of
the white foreigners will be delayed.
"There is more or less discontent be
cause of various things. To begin with
the Government has established irksome
monopolies of various kinds. They are
great monopolies and thsy are seriously
interfering wi.-.h the development of that
part of South Africa.
"For instance, there is a monopoly of the
dynamite needed in mining. The mo
nopoly has raised the price of the dyna
mite so that many men cannot buy it, and
because of this mining is retarded. Then
there is a big coal monopoly that charges
outrageously for all the coal. The rail
roads, which are also in the hands of mo
nopolists, charge outrageous tariffs.
"John Hays Hammond is recognized in
South Africa as being a very able mining
engineer. The Americans there are filling
the best billets. However, there is a good
deal of friction against what is called the
American invasion. '
Mr. Finlayson brought letters to Gov
ernor Budd, Frank McCoppin and others.
His stay, however, wiil be short, as he in
tends to go East in a day or two. Mr. Fin
layson is the champion tennis-player of
South Africa.
REW TO-DAT. 1
Where Men
Are Weak
In the small of the back, the general nerve,
muscular and sexual center — the point at
which the nerves, which feed nearly all tha
vital functions of the body, begin— this is
where nearly all men and women are weak. A
pain here may mean, and generally does, tha
exhaustion of nerve strength In the vital or-
gans. It is the nerves crying for aid, and no
pain at this point should be passed as imma-
terial. It will come again, and with greater
severity, and if tne message given by the nerves
is not attended to it may result in general
nervous prostration, impotency or Brifht'l
disease oi the kidneys.
DR. SANDEFS ELECTRIC BELT.
Whatever the cause of these palm in the
back they are nerve pains. They mean that
the nerves are suffering, and a remedy which
will cure the nerves will remove the cause ol
the pain. As electricity is the life of the nerves
It is the only remedy that will cure them. This
explains the wonderful and exclusive success
of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. Its lull strength,
and it gives a volume of electricity Into tho
body, which saturates the system in three
hours, is directed to the small of the back,
where it enters the nerve centers and feeds
them.
Ukiah. Cal., Jane 39, 189 a
Dr. A. T. Sanden— Dear Sir: Your belt is just
what you recommend it robe: In fact, I am *jt a
loss to know why you do not place more of an esti-
mation on its worth and true merits, for you may
rest assured it will bear it. 1 have been an invalid
for twenty year*, and have suffered all the agonies
of excruciating pains Imaginable, not withcut them
one hour in the day. Now lam free from them.
The fearful pain in my back that l suffered from
so many rears and which caused me so many
sleepless nights has all disappeared, and my jleep
Is sound and undisturbed. I can recommend your
belt to all suft't rfr-i from pains in the back fro ji
the effects of kidney trouble and lumbago, as I
bave passed through the ordeal and know what It
will do. I have worn the belt and have experi-
enced a change to my satisfaction. Yours respect-
fully, K. 1). BROWN,
Ukiah, Mendocino County, Cal.
A CERTAIN CURE.
Giving this vital energy Into the body it car*
ries life and vigor to every part of the struc-
ture. It adds new vital and sexual euergv to
the body every time it is applied. It will re-
store the manly power, check unnatural drains
remove the cause of all pains and cause a per-
manent cure in ail cases in from 30 to 90 days,
It is worn while the patient rests.
Men or women who are weak or ailing; will
profit by reading Dr. Sanden's latest book. II
will be sent, closely sealed, free on application.
It gives full information and price list. A4-
dress or call
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
OSO Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours: * a. h. la
8:30 p. m.: Sundays, 10 to 1.
Consultation Free and Invited.
OFFICES AT:
IZ>S ANQELES, CAL., j PORTLAND, OR.
204 South Broad wajr. J 253 Washington streetTHE SENATOR TOLD
THE NOTARY
How Craig Acknowledged
the Fair-Craven Con
test.
HE RECEIVED A BIG FEE
Fair Then ToM Him to Go
and Celebrate the
Event.
INTERESTING RECOLLECTIONS.
Craig Testifies That Fair Told Him He
Was Going to Make Certain
Deeds.
Lee D. Craie, notary, delivered his depo
sition concerning the Fair will contest at
Delmas & Shortruige's offices yesterday.
He narrated his recollections concerning
the acKnowledgment by Senator Fair and
Mrs, Craven of the marriage contract. He
also testified that Senator Fair told him
that he was going to deed property to Mrs.
Craven, the property being that to which
Mr*. Craven n«w holds deeds.
Senator Fair at this second interview
paid that he (Fair) would draw the deeds.
The conversation occurred while Senator
Fclr and Mr. Craig were walking up Mont
gomery street toward Sutter and they
talked from the time they met in front of
Senator Fair's office on Montgomery street
until they readied Sinter street. There
another man came along who was not
known to Mr. Craig and the conversation
ab ut tho deeds came to an end. Inci
dentally during this walk Senator Fair's
health was discussed.
Mr. Craig was examined by Mr. Delmas
and was cross-examined by Mr. Pierson.
He answered to Mr. Delmas that his ape
ears, that i c had been a notary nine
teen years and that he had known Senator
Fair aince about 1879 or 1880, when he was
introduced to him by A. Cohen in this
City. He lad known. Senator Fair very
veil in that period and he bad also known
Mrs. Craven fifteen years. The acquaint
ance with Mrs. Craven has continued
down to the present time. He was ac
quainted with her when she was living at
the Langham Hotel at the time John Swett
was a candidate for the position of Super
intendent of Schools. Mr. Craig was try
ing to have Mr. Swett elected and Mrs.
Craven also desired his election. Senator
Fair was visiting Mrs. Craven ut the Lang
ham Hotel, and on one occasion Mr. Craig
met him at the Langham in Mrs. Craven's
company.
The candidacy of Mr. Swett came up.
Mr. Craig bad been talking with W. W.
Stow about this matter. During the con
versation with Senator Fair Mr. Craig
said that he was in doubt about the elec
tion of Mr. £wett, and also remarked that
it would cost irom $500 to $1000. Senator
Fair said, 'If you want $500 or $1000 or
$5000 you can have it.' Mr. Craig went
away and talked again with Mr. Stow
about the election.
"Do you remember meeting Senator
Fair and Mrs. Craven on May 24, 1892?"
inquired Mrs. Delmas.
•Yes."
"What fixes the date in your mind?"
"A document which I saw fixed the
date."
"Please state the circumstances of what
conversation then took place?"
"I was goins up Sutter street early in
the afternoon at from 3 to 3:30 o'clock.
While passing up the street I saw Senator
Fair and Mrs. Craven standing by tbe
doorway of ll'O Suitor street. I bowed and
they beckoned me to come up to them. I
would have j»one to them anyway, for 1
was friendly with them both. When they
beckoned I went alon.K to them and we
shook hands. Senator Fair said, 'I was
just going to your office to see you.' i
said, 'Very well, I will go back with you;
what can I do?'J
"Senator Fair said that he wanted me
to acknowledge a little paper. I said, 4 AII
rn.ht; have you got v with you?' Mrs.
(raven took it out of her satchel. I
opened the paper, which was half a letter
sieet torn off. There was a date on the
paper and two lines written on it with
signatures of ■ Senator Fair and Mrs.
Craven. The first line read, or as near as
I can remember:
" -I, James G. Fair, take Nettie R.
Craven to be my lawful wife, 1 or 'wedded
wife.'
•'Under this was the signature, 'James
G. Fair.' Mrs, Craven had written her
name under a similar line in which she
had declared that she took James G. Fair
to be her husband. Senator Fair said to
me, ' I don't want a soul but you to know
it.' I smiled when 1 read the paper. I
could not help it. I said, 'All right, I
won't tell anybody.' I tcld him that if I
put a certificate on the paper I must put
it on my book and that would make the
record complete.
"He said that jie did not want any rec
ord. He spoke of the contract as a tem
porary matter, and said that he would
get married when he had his business
all fixed up as he wanted it. They both
snid that their act in signing tbe contract
was voluntary, and, 1 took their acknowl
edgments. I said that I would congratu
late them, and Senator Fair shook hands
with me, banded me a $20 gold piece, and
said, 'Now, go and celebrate it.' Mrs.
Craven then took the paper. Senator Fair
acknowledged the paper and Mrs. Craven
did the same thing."
"Have you se«n that paper since?" in
quired Mr. Delmas.
'•I saw it again a few days ag"o. I called
upon Mrs. Craven at ber house some day
last week. I think it was the day before
her deposition was taken. I asked if she
had the paper there, and said that if she
bad I would like to see it. She satd that
she had it, and showed it to me."
"Was that the identical paper that you
saw on May 24, 1892?"
"It looked exactly like the tame."
"Do you remember, Mr. Craig, talking
with Senator Fair some time before his
death relative to Mrs. Craven?"
"Yes, sir, I do."
"Please relate all the circumstances as
nearly as you can."
"It was In the latter part of August,
just after he had returned from the
spring*, in 1892. I was going home, and
Senator Fair came out of the Fair build
inir, on Montgomery street. I overtook
him and we spoke, and I asked him why
he did Dot go to my brother Ut Highland
Springs and be cured. He said that he
would like to to up. We walked along to
gether—l took hold of his arm. He said
that he wanted to see me soon. He spoke
of being married, and said that he was go
ing to make deeds to Mrs. Craven of the
Pine and Sansome street property and the
property on Mission street. I asked him
if the deeds were made out, and he said
that he would make them.
"As we walked along some one took hold
of his arm and he slopped talking of the
deeds then and there. That was the last
conversation I had with Senator Fair."
"You asked Senator Fair why he did
not go up to see your brother at Hiehland
Springs and get well?"
"Yes. I think that if he had gone there
he would have been alive yet."
"You believe that you saw tbe paper at
Mrs. Craven's which had been shown you
in May, 1892?"
'•Yes, sir."
"Did Mr. Lloyd send for you one day
while Mrs. Craven's deposition was go
ing on?"
"Yes. I went to his office about 11
o'clock last Saturday."
"What conversation did you have with
Mr. Lloyd?"
'He asKed me if I had certified to the
acknowledgment of Senator Fair and I
said 'yes.' He called in George A. Knight.
He said 'All right,' and that was all."
"How do you fix the date of May 24,
1892?"
"I was married on May 23, 1879. This
was the day after my wedding anniver
sary, and that lixed the date. I have
never forgotten that date yet, and am not
likely to forget it."
Mr. Pierson examined Mr. Craig.
'Did you ever take uny other acknowl
edgment from Senator Fair than that in
M;u\ 1892?"
"1 think so, but I don't know."
'Did you ever take one from Mrs. Cra
ven before that?"
"Yes; 1 took one from her in lowa, five
or six years earlier. I think that my reo
ords would show."
"Will you produce the records of your
notarial office for May, 1892?"
"Yes."
Mr. Pierson questioned Mr. Craig about
tne meeting on Sutter street with Senator
Fair and Mrs. Craven. Mr. Craig said
that it was Senator Fair who said, "We
were going down to your office. We want
you to acknowledge a little paper."
"Senator Fair said taat he had married
Nettie last night by contract, and he did
not want that to be known by a living
soul," continued Craig. "I gmilad when
he said that he had married Nettie. She
took out a paper and he said, 'That is the
document.' i. asked, 'Do you acknowl
edge this as your voluntary act,' and they
both answered 'Yea.' He asKed what my
fee was and I said that it was nothing.
He handed me a $20 piece and 1 took it
and put it in ruy pocket. I first spoke of
the contract after tnat in 1895. Then I
spoke to Mrs. Craven about it. She was
coming irom her lawyer's office in the
Nevada biocK. She asked me if I ought
not to put the certificate of acknowledg
ment on the contract. I said "No, 1 be
cause I thought that if the contract was to
come out it should come out in court. I
thought that if I attached the certificate
it would lead to litigation."
Mr. Craig also testified in response to
questions by Mr. Pierson that he next
spoke of the contract at Mrs. Craven's
house the day before her deposition was
begun. "1 went to her house voluntarily.
I stayed only a few minutes. I told her
that I wanted to see the marriage cop
tract again, and she showed it to me. I
think that was the same contract which
Senator Fair and Mrs, Craven acknowl
edged before me."
"Have you spoken to Mr. Lloyd* about
the contract?"
"Yes, Mr. L'.oyd asked me if Senator
Fair asked me to acknowledge it."
"Did you tell Mr. Lloyd that Senator
Fair told you May 24, 1892, that he did not
consider that a marriage?"
"No, 1 said that Senator Fair told me
that he intended to take out a license and
be married later, and that he said 'This is
a temporary affair.' "
Mr. Craig also deposed that he had not
spoken to Mrs. Craven about the deeds
until since the death of Senator Fair.
He first told her of the conversation he
had with Senator Fair about the deeds
some time last year, since her return from
New York.
Mr. Pierson inquired into the deafness
of Mr. Craig, who said that he had been
deaf fifteen years.
As to the contraclt, when Mrs. Craven
produced it May 24 1892, it was folded
twice, once laterally and once crosswise.
He did not know Senator Fair's hand
writing.
This, with an inspection of Mr. Craig's
notarial records by Mr. Pierson, ended up
the examination of Mr. Craig.
MORE OFFICIAL DODGING,
Aga;n the Board of Supervisors
Takes Refuge in Tech
nicalities.
Reasons Why the Gaary-Street Fran
chise Matter Should Be Allowed
to Go On.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
fired the first gun in defense of its action
in the matter of letting the Geory-btreet
railroad franchise. City and County At
torney Harry T. Cresweil, acting in behalf
of the beard, filed threes demurrers, one to
each of the petitions filed by George R.
Fletcher on August 3.
Fletcher's petitions prayed for an in
juction commanding the board not to sell
the right of way on August 3; another
asked that a writ of prohibition, restrain
ing the board from further action in the
matter, be issued; the third requested the
issuance of a writ of review, commanding
the Supervisors to appear before the
Superior Court and ex> lain their action in
wishing to let the franchise at the terms
set forth in their resolutions.
Judge Dalngerfleld issued the two writs
and the injunction as prayed for. Yes
terday was the last of the ten days granted
by law in which the board might answer
or demur to the complaint against it. As
in tbe case of the accusation made charg
ing certain members ot the board with
crime in reducing certain corporation
assessments the board preferred lo take
refuge behind legal technicalities to com
ing out fiatfooted and meeting the issue.
The three demurrers issued are short
and practically identical. It is set fortlj
in each that the defendants demur to the
complaint or petition of plaintiff upon
(i c following grounds:
First— That the complaint, or petition,
does not state facts sufficient to constitute
a cause of action against said defendants,
or either or any of them, or to entitle the
petitioner to the issuance of a writ or in
junctu a herein.
Second — That this court has no juris
diction of the persons of said defendants,
or of either or any o« them, or or the sun
jpct-matter of said proceeding, or to grant
the writ of injunction herein.
Third— That said plaintiff or petitioner
has no legal capacity to sue herein.
For which reagons it is prayed that the
defendants be dismissed with their costs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1896.
NEAGLE'S FINE WAS
FIFTY DOLLARS,
An Exciting and Dramatic
Scene in Judge Low's
Court.
FIERCE DECLARATIONS.
The Assaulted Peddler's Remark
able Story of Railroad
Abuse.
LEFT TO FAMISH ON A DEBEET.
Asked Damages and Told "as Well
Butt a Stone Wall as Sue tbe
Company."
David Neagle was yesterday fined $50 by
Police* Judge Low for having assaulted A.
J. Collins on tlie corner of Montgomery
'and Market streets last week.
Neagle had on the previous day pleaded
guilty to tbe charge, and had evidently
hoped to let it go at tbat, but Charles
Judge Low and Collins as the Judge Felt for Bumpt Ipon the Head of the
Complaining Witness, the Bumps Being Needed as Evidence.
Wesley Reed appeared in court for the as
saulted peddler and wanted, by the testi
mony of witnesses, to show the character
of the battery. The result was that, after
en exciting scene, the case was continued
until yesterday morning, in order that
Neagle might be represented by counsel.
The courtroom was packed by an ex
pectant crowd, and several score of men
stood without vainly trying to gain an en
trance some time before the case was
called. They knew the reputation of tbe
defendant. They hoped for something ex
citing.
Those that had gained standing space
in that compact mass were not disap
pointed. Eager, attentive and intensely
interested they watched a dramatic scene
and heard a dramatic story. And when
finally the Judge stopped the proceedings
and imposed the tine the exodus from the
courtroom was like that from a theater
after tne great new feature of a vaudeville
programme has been given and the habit
ual theater-goers pass out indifferent as
to what may follow; it would be stale or
tame to them.
Neagle, the man who killed Judge Terry
and who is said to have killed two other
men, the man who recently assaulted
Editor Barry und who pleaded guilty to
battery upon, the peddler, was the de
fendant, a handy man in the employ ol
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
The piaintirl was a peddler of paste used
in the sharpening of razors. He had been
in the employ of the railroad. A little
over a year ago, as developments showed,
the company had wanted him to goto
work in Texas after laying him off from a
completed job in the South.
He wanted to come borne. He was re
fused an employe's pass. He bought a
ticket and boarded a train. Far out on
the Colorado desert he was put off the
train according to explicit telegraphic
orders. Wnen later he was picked up he
was nearly dead, tarnished, delirious from
heat, his tongue swollen and his feet al
most bursting his shoes. Subsequently he
appealed to the railroad and was accused
of being insane. Then when he chose the
railroad building corner on which to s«ll
his wares for a living he was accused of
threatening the lives of the officials and
was throttled and assaulted by Neagle, the
railroad's handy man.
buch is the story in part developed and
illustrated in the Police Court yesterday
morning.
Bert Worthington, private secretary to
H. E. Huntington, was the rirat witness
called.
"Yes, I know A. J. Collins," he said.
"I Baw him on several occasions prior to
this charge of assault. He didn't come
into the building that morning. As I was
coming along I saw him holding a razor in
bis band. I didn't know he was selling
any stuff. He was holding the razor up
and nourishing it and when I came by he
»aid, 'You're a liar,'
"I wasn't armed and I went up to the
office and then I sent for Neagle. Well,
it is strange that he should have picked
out that particular corner on which to sell
his wares. 1 told Neagle to look out for
Mr. Huntington.
"It seems Collins claims that he has
sacrificed everything he has because of the
railroad ; that he has lost a $10,000 house
in Oakland. I heard that he says he is
willing to sacrifice his life in securing his
rights. He denied this to Captain Lees,
but he said it to me on several occasions.
"He bad a razor when I Baw him. I
think he was there all day, walking up
and down."
"Is it not a fact, Mr. Worthington,"
ask^d Attorney Reed, "that you had made
an appointment for Collins to meet Mr.
Huntington, and then had taken him into
a room where Captain Lees was, and that
is wnen be called you a liar?"
"He didn't know whom he was going to
see. i took him in to get Mr. Hunting
ton's answer as to his claim. I asked him
if he wanted employment, and he said no,
he wanted $25,000 damages."
"Didn't the office-boy say tbat Collins
was waiting to see Mr. Huntington, and
didn't you take him into a room to be
questioned by Captain Lees, and when he
met you on the street afterward didn't he
say 'you liar?' Isn't tnat all he said?
Did he follow j r ou?"
"No, sir," answered Worthington.
"Are you sure it wa3 a razor?"
"Yes, sir, if I can see straight."
"He never mentioned Mr. Huntington's
name, or threatened him in your pres
ence?"
"No, sir."
"How was it then, Mr. Worthington,
that you sent for Mr. Neagle? Because he
is employed for other duties than those
pertaining to tbe office of adjuster of
claims?"
"Simply because I happen to know him
pretty well. I have known Dave Neagie
for a good many years."
"Not because he was a handy man in an
emergency?" queried Reed. "That is all,
Mr. Worttiington/'
A. M. Hart, Neagle's attorney, h«re
spoke up in defense of bis client's right to
handle Coilinst "If this man was there
making a declaration and threatening,
any citizen had a right to remove him. 1
propose to show that he was threatening
to kill the men in that building."
"YourHonor,"rernarked Reed, "I think
Mr. Hart should be informed, as Judge
Denson and Mr. Huntington yesterday
testified, that he did not make any
threats."
"Mr. Huntington said nothing," replied
the court, "about anticipating any attack,
and Judge Denson did not say that any
threatß were made."
"If it is relevant," interposed Worthing
ton, who was still seated in the witness
chair, "I can say that Mr. Huntington
did fear an attack."
"Jtfever mind what you can say,"' re
marked Reed; "I understand Mr. Hunt
ington is in the courtroom, and I should
prefer his testimony to that."
"Until a man makes a threat or an at
tempt at assault," explained the court,
"no man has a right to lay violent hands
upon him."
"The point is. your Honor," said Reed,
"that this man Neagle committed the as
sault upon this man Collins while he was
doing nothing."
"We have other witnesses here," said
Hart, as he signaled to Worthington to
leave the stand. "Tie people of the
United States," continued Neagle's attor
ney significantly, "might have believed
that Guiteau never meant to assassinate
Gartield until he did it."
That statement precipitated a lively but
brief verbal tiff, in which each attorney
insinuated that the Guiteau instance ap
plied preity well to his opponent's client.
"Your Honor," said Hart, turning from
Reed and addressing the court. "I was
once District Attorney in Colusa County,
and I was trying a crimina^ charge. I h»d
stepped out into a little side room— a place
where they washed their hands. A man
came up to me and began picking his
teeth with the point of a big bowie-knife,
and he told me that he wanted to get off
that bond. He did not threaten me. No,
but be scared me nearly to death."
"I do not understand," remarked Judge
kow, with a broadening smile, "that Mr.
Collins was in front of the railroad build
ing picking bis teeth with a razor."
And the crowd softly encouraged the
court in his joke and his smuts knew no
bounds.
"But, your Honor, if a man came around
my bouse shaking a knife at my children,"
and Attorney riart drew himself up in a
dramatic way that made even the hard
ened cases crowded in the prisoners' cace
in the corner crane their necks further
forward in awful expectancy, "why, I
think. I'd shoot him."
After uttering that awful warning Attor
ney Han called Mr. Crockett to the stand.
"Collins told me about two months ago,"
said the new witness, "that he was going
to get even on the railroad and Fillmore,
and 1 told him he'd better look out."
"Now, I want to ask Mr. Collins right
tere," interrupted Reed, "if that is bo."
"Never," almost shouted Collina, and
moving forward and holding up an em
phatic finger he declared in a loud voice,
"and that is rank perjury."
"Mr. Collins," asked the court blandly,
"will you piease come to tne stand. Now,
Mr. Collins, if you have a claim against
the railroad company," began the Judge
in a confidential, reassuring manner, "why
don't you present it in court?"
"Because I was told by Mr. Worthing
ton," replied Collins, and his words rang
out loud and clear, "that I might as well
butt my head against a stone wall as "o
bring suit against the railroad ; that it had
great influence. The railroad would spend
$100,000 in fifchtinjr a case rather than pay
$1000 or even 10 cents on a claim acainst
it"
Then Reed interrupted his client and
asked, "Was that the first day you were
selling razor paste and had you a license?"
"Yes," answered Collina to both ques
tions. "Mr. Worthington never saw my
razor," he went on. "It is true that the
railroad company did persecute me in an
unjust, cruel and inhuman manner, and
it is well known to tbe people of the whole
State of California that it is impossible to
get justice in the courts where the railroad
is concerned. Where they cannot get
other evidence they hire perjured testi
mony. Had I known who that man wa»
when he assaulted rxe I would have ap
peared in court that day. I never saw
him before that day, but I knew Neagle by
reputation to be a low-down, contempti
ble, vile coward."
Neagle's eyes were blazing as these last
words were addressed directly to his face.
He jumped forward threateningly, but his
counsel stepped quickly in the way just
as he was within a yard of the witness
chair. A restraining hand held him back,
and a few words were whispered in his
ear. Neagle turned back to resume his
place in the crowd of standing men, and
a peculiar smile was on bis face— a smile
that niigh teasily be interpreted to mean:
"That was only a harmless little bluff; a
little joke of mine."
Not in the least intimidated, Collins r«
sumed his estimate of the Neagle char
acter, and a police officer moved appre
hensively a little closer to Neagle.
"Your Honor, I want to say that I saw
Huntington signal to Neagle to assault
me."
"Is it not true," asked Hart, "that you
have a strong feeling against Neagle?"
"Not a bitter feeling, but I am only
human. I look upon him as a repre
sentative of persons that have cruelly per
secuted me.
"I was put off a train in the Colorado
Desert, and when I was picked up and put
in a caboose they put my swollen feet in a
bucket of water. I absorbed two quarts of
water into my body through my feat. I
was in such a condition that to have
drunk any water would have killed me.
I wouldn't tell all this, but a man inter
ested has since been discharged and the
railroad can no longer harm him.
'•I had been working for the railroad
and I was laid off. I wanted to comeback
here, and by rights as an employe, I was
entitled to a pass. It would not be granted.
I plankea down my $20. A telegram came
from headquarters to put me off the train,
and at each station there was a telegram
to the same effect. How did they know I
was on the train? Oh, their stooi-pigeons
told them, finally the boys came to me
and said it was too bad, but it was no use,
they had to obey orders, and I was put off
out on the desert. That was thirteen or
fourteen months ago. You have seen an
article in The Call about the sufferings
of a man on tbe desert. My friends told
me I ought to sue for $50,000 or $25,000. and
I said I would be sati&lied with $25,00 C. I
went to the railroad. They tried to have
me proved insane. They sent men over
this State— sent a man to Stockton — try
ing to get evidence against me.
"I want to say that never in my life did
I threaten any man, either railroad or
not.
"I may have been insane on the desert.
That Ido not know. I was delirious at
times. When they picked me up my
tongue was so swollen from the heat and
from thirst that it filled my mouth. My
head was so swollen from my suffering
that I could not put my hat on, and my
feet were so swollen that they nearly burst
mv shoes. No man ever suffered what I
did on thtt desert. Do I think that was
ill treatment by the railroad? I would not
put a dog off on that desert.
"Why did I not bring suit? Your
Honor, I have been told so often that no
one could get justice from the railroad.
Tney buy perjured testimony. I know
that. They control courts. They rule or
they ruin. Every one knows how they
murdered those people down in Mussel
Slough."
"Hut." said Judge Low, "you see some
canes adjusted against the railroad."
"Yes, 1 ' vehemently replied Collins, "I
see one may be, but where I see that one I
see a dozen in favor of the railroad. But
in those rare cases I never heard of any
that were for large suras and I never hear
of any of the claims being paid."
"We can prove," spoke up Attorney
Hart, "that threats were made."
"They cannot prove that I made threats
unless it is by perjured evidence," retorted
Collins.
"I call Captain Lees to the stand," said
Short.
Captain Lees told of his conversation
with Collins. He had seen him on Mont*
gomery street before the assault and had
warned him that He was foolish to stand
round near the railroad building, but Col
lins bad told him that he hud a right to.
Later when he had the talk in Hunting
ton's room, where he had been called, he
heard Collins' story, and after hearing it
bad advised Collins to bring suit against
the railroad. According to Collins' story
lie had been discharged on the desert with
a number of other employes because there
was no more work there. The railroad
wanted the men to go on to El Pt»so to
work there, but Collins wanted to return
home
He insisted upon comingand was finally
put off the train. After a while he worked
his way back here. His only claim against
the railroad was $15 drawback for faro
from the place where he was discharged-
Lees had heard biro make no threats,
though Worthington accused him in Lees'
presence. The chief of detectives also
testified that he had seen Collins near the
railroad building strapping a knife on a
piece of board covered with some sort of
paste. He bad looked into the open
satchel as he was talking with Collins and
had seen only several small boxes of the
paste he was selling.
Again Attorney Hart called Worthing*
ton to the stand, and, as an all-round
biefcering contest was developing, Judge
Low 6topptd the affair by declaring:
"There's no use going on with this case.
I have men come tc; me every week asking
protection from men who have threatened
tnem — men who imagine tliey have a
claim for $10,000 owed for the last ten
years. They brood over it until they be
lieve it. The town is fiile<l with sucn men.
Mr. Neagle has pleaded guilty and that it
all there is to it. I fine Mr. Neagle $50.
Yes, it will be deducted from the bail."
CHANGES IN THE
SPORTING WOULD,
Gallagher's Fight With
Green Is Necessarily-
Postponed.
OTHER MATCH INSTEAD
Jack Stenzler and Frank Purcell
Fill the Vacancy in
the List.
OTHER CONTESTB ARRANGED.
Events Planned at a Meeting of tbe
Colma and National Clubs
Yesterday.
A change has recently come over the
spirit of the pugilistic dream. Accord
ingly it has been found necessary for sev
eral changes to be made in the meeting of
lighters scheduled ior various events.
Gallagher and Green, it is to be noted,
were billed to meet under tbe auspices of
the Natiocal Club the 25th inst. Owing
to the illness of his wife the former finds
it impossible to get into good, condition
by that time.
The National and Colma Athletic clubs
therefore met yesterday and made a
change in the men to appear August 25.
Jeffries and Van Buskirk will box ten
rounds, as has already been published,
but for Gallagher and Green's contest an
other has been substituted. Jack Stenzler
and Frank Purcell, the latter of New
York, will fill the vacancy in the pro
gramme. Both are 170-pound men.
Stenzler was BobFitzsimnions' sparring
partner for a year or more, and trained
him before the Maher match. He is gen
erally considered a cool, clever man, and
will put up a good hgut.
Purcell will perhaps fight at a weight
exceeding that of nis opponent by six or
eight pounds. He is what is commonly
denominated a "rusher," a pugilist of the
John L. Sullivan type, and first came into
prominence by deieating the "coitee
cooler," now in England.
The winner of the Stenzler-Purcell
match will meet Peppers on September 2.
The third bout for the fistic carnival of
August 25 will be "Kid" O'Brien of Los
Angeles and Ed Pincus of Sacramento.
For the 2d of September, in addition to
the match between Peppers and the win
ner of the Stenzler-Purcell contest, Gal
lagher and Green will have their meeting.
Gallagher has asserted that by that time
be will have ample opportunity to get in
good form.
The series of battles for September 2 will
be completed by a. match between Lon Ag
new and Billy Akers. They will fight ten
round*.
Both the series of contests for August 25
and September 2 will take place at the
Grove-street Theater, on Grove street, be
tween Larkin and Polk. The prices of ad
mission, according to the location of seats,
will be $1,|2 and $2 50.
Managers Gibbs and Groom say both
series of matches will be carried out in a
way eminently satisfactory to the sport
ing public and are sanguine that every
thing will progress emootuly.
Susd Ilia Uonclsmen.
H. 8. Grace, guardian of Anna Grace, an in
competent, has sued Louis Marks and E, J.
Levy, as sureties of hiimuel Isson, a former
guardian of Anna Grace, for $499 25, balance
of money belonging to the estate of his ward.
Issen was removed from the guardianship of
Anna Grace in November, 1895, when ne was
supposed to have on hand the amount sued
for. It seams, however, that the money was
lost in the wreck of the ill-fated steamer
Cnlima a year Ago. Isson bad intrusted the
money to his daughter-in-law, Clara Igson, to
take It to Central America and there change it
into Central America!; coin. Because of the
wreck Isson lost both his relative and Ins
money. He claimed to be unable to repay
the estate, although judgment w»s obtained
against him for the amount. Therefore, his
sureties are sued.
j WE W TO-DAY.
FAI L Oq
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of thenga in th» treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous r.pd Private Diseases in both Men
and; Women. All diseases (if .the; Eve,
Ear, Head. Throat, Luncrs. Stomach, Liver
and Bowels. Kidney. Bladder and Urinary
Troubles,' Rupture, Catarrh, Piles, Eczem^.
and Varicocsle 3 treated with unfailing suc-
cess. Diseases of women peculiar to her
sex scientifically treated and permanently
cured. : Loss ; or partial loss of manly
power and vigor in young, middle-a^ei or
old men positively restored. Weakening
drains which sap the vitality, destroy the
health, cause paralysis, insan ty and:, pre-
mature death ; quickly and v permanently
stopped. Private diseases pf every name
and nature cured without leaving any bad
effects, and that disease which poisons the
blood, decays the bones and causes more
physical i and ? mental suffering •; than any
other known disease thorouehly and for-
ever cured without mercurial treatment.
. HEART. BRAIN, NERVES ; AND
BLOOD. If you have a dizziness ! 'of 4 the
head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling and fear of
impending '» danger :or i death, a dread of
beintr alone or the reverse; if 5 your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the nerves, brain, beart and blood. You
have no time to* lose,' Tall at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY.
V THE POOR of this city ■ -who call at his
office ;on ; Friday afternoons of ; each week
are ; welcome >to \ bis professional services
free.
Your troubles if living away from the city,
Thousands are cured at home by, means of
correspondence and medicines sent them.
Letters are. answered in English; German,
French,* Italian ,* Swedish, Norwegian and
•Danish. ■'■ \' ■.-/■' . ■_::'::■'
;*- CorresporiJence v, strictly . confidjntial.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent i re 3 on ap-
plication. Address /
Ml F. L SWEANY, 737 Market St.
Uil, I. L. UllLfini, g^a Francisco, Cai.
RAILROAD TRAVEU
8. F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN.
AUG. 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, 2«, 31,
And Every Fifth: Day Thereafter,
Leave from S. P. Co.'s • .Ferry - Landing, toot of
' . Market St., at 8:00 P. m.
CnrOIJII "'> 01 /I Inclad ing Berth,
OrkUIAL U UIU :■- Tourist Sleeper.
nXTfO. i Am Firn-class, including
RAT >..'; SI 9 , **&*£***
':- For further Information apply at 613 ilarket
treet (Grand Hotel ticket oflke), S. K. * -
RICHARD OKAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. TraiHc Mgr. - Gen. Pass. Agt
SOITUIIB.V PA CIVIC CO3IFANT.
(PACIFIC imw.)
SAN nUM!IM)*>
tgA7E — From Juke 7. ISOC. — arriyi
"•6:00a. Nile*. Ban Joso and Way Stations... 8:45 a
7:«0a Atlantic Express, Oc<leii and Kant.. *-4a»
7:00*. Benlcia, VacaTiUe, Ruro»ey. Bacra-
meuto, Orovilla and Bedding vi»
Davis. •:4S»
' 7«O«U Martinez, Ban Ramon, Jfapa, Calls*
toga and Santa Eosa ............. C:lDf
S::(Oa Niies. San Jose, btouUton, loneL
■ Bacramento, Marysrillo and Re&
81na........ 4il»p
•»jSO a Peters and Mi1t0n..;...... •7»l»r
. •:O»»a Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa .■■•-
Barbara and I. on Angeles... % _?•'.?*
«:oO a, Martinez and Stockton 11:4»a
9:00 a VaUejo 6«15*
l:O«p Nilea, San Jose and LlTerwore...... §«■***
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers... •O»OO*
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations. ....... t7s4o»
4:0 Or Martinez, Han Ramon, Vallejo,
tiapa, Caliitoga, El Verano anc
Santa Rosa 0il»A
fti«Op Benicia, VacaTiUe, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarysTille,
OroTlllo and Sacramento.... 10:45 a
* «S«p Nile*, -- Ban . Joss, lirermors and
'..■ -• •.-■-■- Stock 7il8»
4>Mr Merced, ■ Berenda, Raymond . (for
> - Yosemite) and Fresno Ul4&a
OiHr New Orleans ]>:iprees.l | 'resno,Bakcra>
4ald, Bar la l'.;trbara,l,os AngeleL
Denting, £1 l'aso, New Orleans and
East lOjIBa
SiOUp Sauta Fe Route, Atlantic Express
■•<■•■: for Mojavo and East. 1C:1»A
OsOOp VaUejo '. ;. II j-»sa
«:OOi- European Mali, Ogden and Kuefc.... U:4IVa
. CiOOp llavwiirds, Nllus ami Ban Jose 7:J!U
|7:00i>Va118J0........ t~'.4Bp
OOP Oregon ICxpress, Sacramento, Marys-
vHle, RedOing, Portland, Fnget ■
bound and Kant 10:4Sa
_ SANTA <ltl'Z l>l"VH:0N (Narrow (Janire>.
17:45* Santa Cruz Excursion, t-anta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JStOOp
•iI&A Newark, tervilU-.San.lnso.Felton,
■ Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
. Stations .-.- , ot9«r
•»ilsp Newark, Centertille, San Jose, New '
I Almadeu, Feltnn, }!oulder Cn'rk,
Bauta Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *Hi2oa
t4 il« Newark. San .lone and Los (ial.ns.... 1|»:^Oa
: COAST DIVISION (I'liiril .V Towiisend Sis.)
' •6:4!Sa Ban Jose ami Way btations (New . .
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y),,.,..* 9:47 a
t7:3«A Sunday Excursion for San Joml
Santa Cruz, : Pacific Grove, ana
v - Principal Way Stations tjMOr
•tISA Sau Joso, Trcs I'iiKis, Nan Cms, -■> ''
»aclilo Crow. Paso Rubles, San
Luis Oblgpo, Guadalupe and Priu-
. Xfpal Way Stntlnns 7r0."1p
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Buttons 1 : 30 p
|Oi4Oa Han Jo- -ad Wuy Stations 5:0«p
11:30 a Palo Alto ana Way Stations 8t30?
•2:30 - San Mateo, Menlo Park, Saa Joa*
Gilroy, Tres Finos, Kanta Cms,
Balinas.Montereynnd I'acincGrore *IQ:4Oa
•3::iop San Joso, Pacifio . Grove and Way
- Stations „ •lj3O»
»4:30p San Jose 4iid Way Stations *i>i:»,Oa
5:30p Ban .Toso and Principal Way Stations •H:4Ha
O::;Op San Jose at;d Way Stations.. ;..,.., 0:! Ma
}11:45p San Jose AVay. Stations. ........ +7:45 1-
SAX LfcAMJUO AX» HMWAKUS LOiKh. T ,
-<»S:OOaV. .• .. ~~~ ( 7:13 a
S:OOa I 10:13 a
yVZ\ Melr.se, Be«imarx Park, j \V*tsi
"IloSf Fltchbnrg,Sa»Le«dro • "fjjfj
S:00p I --a 4:13r
4:00p , ' " "* 5:43»
5:00p Hit ward* ' ' ■ 6:13;
7:00p , .:■"' \ v 8-41f
9 ! O op * Bnn» through to NUes. ' to-.Vo'
Hll:lspJ t From NUes. { T »i2:oo f
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS flUflSlSCO— Foot' of Msrket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 A.M. {1:00 •2:00 J3.CI
•4:00: ■ t5:00 *6:00 p.m.
From OAKUH&-Foot of Brwd«j^— ; 6roo 8.04
10:00 a.m. 112:00 > *l:05 42:00 ; -3:00 t*:CC
«5:00r.M. ■' --- ■:■ ' ■-■•-' ■•■•
• A for Mrrrning. --• P for Afternoon.'
* Sundays excepted. ' - ■. t Saturdays only
■ . '"• ; % Sundays only. .....
- <♦ Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only ,
- : . /ifLVJir'T"^'' "'rr!f I VTt3-/«"7^"i"--'
SMFRIMISCO & MRTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry-Foot of Market St. :
■- :. - San Francisco to San Kafael. . • ' '
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 it.; 18:381
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 T. H. Thursdays— trltt
at 11:80 p. x. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
• and 11:30 p. v. ■
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.j 1:8 ft 3:34
6:00, 6:20 p.m.
■ San Kafael to San Francisco.
i WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:60, 9:10, 11:10 a. *•
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Kxtra trlna
at 1:55 p. if. and 0:35 p. v.
BUND AY 8— 7:35, 9:35, 11:10 a. M.;« 1:40, 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 P. v.
Between San Francisco and Schueuen Part tarn*
schedule as above. .
'■'■ Leave ' ..„»„,, I Arrive '
Ban Francisco. ■ A pjjj » Ban Franclsca
Vkkk I Sun- lipJl^io-' Bun- I We«
Days. I days, " f ' t " ', DAYB. j Days.
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 Alt
8:30 pm 9:30 am I'etalnma, 6:06 py 10:10 v
6:10 rit 1 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 r*
"*""j Fulton,"
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 ah
Healdsbur;,
... "ii IGeyservlUe,
8:30 pm 7:30 am] CloverJale. 7:30 pm 6:19 nt
••■ T~ Pleta, ■ .- .'
7:30 am Hopland <& 10:10 am
B:3opm 7:30 am TJklah. 7:80 I 6:16 pic
7:30 am ' " ' ~, - 10:10 am
■ 7:30 am Guerne vllle. 7:30 vie
-gi3OPM ■ . 6:lt>PM
7:3oam 7:30 am Sonoma 110:40 am 8.40 am'
and
6:10 PM 6:00 PM Glen Ellen. [ 6:05 PM 6:16 pm
7:80 am|7:So AMI BphMtono i 110:40 AM 1 10:10 AM
B:SOrMIS:OOPM| Sebastopol. | 6:o6rM| 6:lspm
Stages connect . at Santa Rosa. for Mark West
Springs: at Geyservlllefor skases springs; M
Cloverdale for the Geyser*; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kolseyville, Soda Jiay and juakeport; at
Hopland. for Lakeport and Car! ett Springs: at
TJklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blna
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper L»K-e, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, lUverslrte, Llerley's, . Buck-
Bell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Boonevilla,
Oreenwood, ■ Git's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
! Son Bragg, Westport, Umjil. WlUets, Cahto. Ca-
I wo, Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced.
amieg,
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points ba»
yond San Kafael at half rates. -,.,.•
Ticket Oftlfps. 650 Market st., Chrontc'e tmtMlng,
H. C. WHITINO, ;•-/. ■■".:■ ' R. X. RYAN,
. Gen. Manacer. Gen. las?. Agent.
Atlantic '^l|kgpp%
/.Pacific -^^^^
Trains leave and ftrrlva *: fffJjSMwJe^H]
Market-Street Ferry. lSsSr^Ss
mn FEIXPR! -,SS. W^
To Chicago via A. & 1 . \sESgKkOiriXa
Direct Line fc'Cnycjinl^^ "CilP
Leaves every day.' at 6 p. m.. c^-i ....... I u.ni»a
Palace Dnvwlng-room Sleepers, also Modern I p.
bolstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
ana bedding and in cbaree of a porter, run dally
through to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex can
for Denver and St. Louis.  . ■
-Persona ly; conducted Boston Excursions Tia
Kansas Cl.y, Chicago, Montreal and the Whin
Mou.ii.iins leave every Wednesday.
The best railway from Cali:ornia to the. East*
New rails, new lies; no dust: Inierestlne sceneryi
and good meals In Harvey's dining-room:*.
Ticket Otnc«-644 Market Street,
- : - , : . :,-, Chronicle Building*
Telephone Mala 1531.
IORTII PACIFIC WOT RAILROAD 7
. (Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, t.uiuiu- n.-Uu Juue 13, 1893.
: : WEEKDAYS. :
For '• Mill Vnllev and , San Kafael — 7:')0, *8*0!)
•B:16 10:16, 11:15, a. M.; -1:15, a:.O. 4:15,
5:15, *t>:oo. .:35 l\ M. "i r%anp*iiiiiriiirrr~ii
Extra trips lor San Rafael on Mondays, Wednea-
aays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. ■>$tteggBHKUKL
':•■■.:-.-■....: SUNDAYS. ■ ,' > -
For MIU Valley and San Rafael— »9 :oo, «9:00,
*10:00, 11:3Ja. m.;**i^:3j, «l:30, *2:15, *4:00,
6:30,6:45,8:30 p.m. E.vira trip to Sausalltoiu
11 :0O A. M. '«.l l ",llJllfWfmi I U"'Wi"P"BIW "»
Trnins marked * rjm to Sun Quentiu. »*lii:3o
p. m. does not run to Mill VHiiey.
;; . . .. ; THROUGK. TRAINS.
■' For .'Point Reyes ana ! way. stations— 9 a. m.
Sun lavf. . > :.. . ■■■■'■■.: ■ -■
5 For. Point R".vcsi~ Cazadero and way stations—
8:00 a.m. Sundays: 1:45 v. M. nfwkuays.- •
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/-IHAKLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTOR^BT-AT.
V law and Notary Public, t>3<* Market su. opp» *
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. . iU*ldauo« lAi4 '
I itllK, 'i'«le^aou% "i'iiw" mi.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MAUKJSTS.
Silver unchanged.'
Wheat quiet at previous prices.
■ Barley, Oats and Rye dull.
Corn continues to decline.
Hay still in liberal receipt.
. Some changes in Beans.
' Flaxseed lower. .
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
' Butter and Eggs rule neat
Cheese continues firm.
More Eastern Poultry In.
Vegetables in heavy supply.
Fruits chose the market.
Limes lower. ; .
Provisions unchanged.
Cottolene higher.
Decreased imports of Specie.
SELLING OUR FBTJIT.
The Fruit Exchange will meet to-day at 10
o'clock to act on a committee report, which says:
"In pursuance of instructions we have inter
viewed bankers of this City generally, and bee to
report that we do not think it expedient under
the present custom of selling California products
•draft against bill of lading to be paul on arrival
and Inspection of Roods,' to insist ».n being paid In
Ban Francisco funds. .
"We recommend an early meeting of the ex
change and all others interested to devise means
for putting in force the rules of the Fruit Ex
change bearing on the. question of Inspection
here and -sight draft against papers' in payment
tor all cash goods."
EXPORTS OF BRKADSTUFFS.
Export.! of Flour from this port during the first
seven months of 1896 were 637,620 bbls, against
627,406 bbls during the same period in 1895. Re
ducing this Flour to a Wheat basis and adding It
to the exported Wheat gives total exports of Wheat
for the first, seven months of 1896 of 6,972.800
ct'B, valued at $7,781,300, against 8,029,400 ctlsat
$5,269,200 in 1895.
IMPORTS OF SPECIE.
Imports of specie at this port during the first
seven months of the year were $1,838,065, against
52,069,152 for the same period In 1895. The de
scriptions this year were: Gold bullion $512,743,
gold coin $57,508. silver bullion $1,013,288, silver
coin $254,576 ■ '
HKCEIPTS OF WINE AND BRANDY.
Receipts of wine at San Francisco during the
first seven months of 1896 were 9,499,300 ■ gal
lons, against 9,047,750 irallon* during the same
period last year. The receipts of brandy were
103,415 gallons, against 89,180.
Exp:anation,
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figure*
at station indicate maximum temperature for ilia
days; those underneath it. If any. the Amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and huudredtbs. !
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid !
lines, connect poln s of' equal air pressure; Iso- i
therms, or dotted lines, equal " temperature. The 1
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" • us' ally first appear on the Wasliinston I
i-o»<st. When the pressure is high In the interior |
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable; j
but when the "low" is inclosed with inohars of ■
marked curvature, rain south of 1 'r«-gon is improb
nbl.e. With a "high" in ; he. vicinity of Idaho, and |
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmei j
weather may be expected in summer and colder <
weather in winter. The reverse of these condUloru j
will produce an opposite result. • ;
"WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United states .Department or Agriccti/
ti'ee, Weather BIREAC. Francisco, Aug.
13, 1896, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations la California to-day:
Eureka 68, Fresno 100 San Diego 74, Red Bluff
96, «an Luis Obispo 84, Ynma 112, San Francisco
66. Los Angeles 84.
fan Francisco data— Maximum temperature 68,
minimum 56. mean 61.
Generally fair .weather prevails this evening'
throughout the territory west of the Rocky Moun
tains, with the exception of a few li;ht clouds in
.Northern California and Nevada.
Warm weather still prevails in the plateau re
gion between the Sierra and Rocky mountains.
Forecast male at sa 1 Francisco for thir.y hours
ending midnight August 14, 1896:
Northern Califor.ua — Probably partly cloudy
Friday; fresh variable. winds, generally northerly
on the northern coast.
southern California— Fair Friday; fresh westerly |
winds.
Nevada — Par ly cloudy Friday.
Utah »nd Arizona— Fair Fr day.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy Fri
day; fresh to bris* westerly winds.
W. H. Hammon, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V.. Aug. 13.— A better feel
ing prevailed in Wall-street circles to-day and the
standard sto.'ks as a rule' scored material gains.
The silver demonstration at Madison-square Gar
den 1: st night ' was not considered a very formid
able affair, in fact the street was inclined to the
opinion that the aeiiatiou, at least as far as the
Eastern section of the country Is concerned, is de
cidedly on the »ase. Mr. Bryan's speech of ac
ceptance was also more conservative and concilia
tory man generally expected i • financial circles.
London : appeared to take the same view of the
manor and seat in moderately large orders for its
favorites. >••
Other favorable factors were the declaration of
recular iliv.deud by the Burlington and Quincy,
the comparative ease in money and the weakness
of the sterling exchanges. The result was a gen
era advance in prices. Brokers who enjoy the
confidence of the leading bear operators were
steady bidders , for stocks at most from the open
ing and the. r purchases had much to do with the
higher range of , quotations during the session.
The Improvement was most pronounced in stocks
which have been heavily opposed.
>ugar jumped 4 to 102%; tobacco, 2J-A to 7; Bur
lington, 3% to 59: Chicago "as. Shi to 57y ;
Northwest, 2"/ 8 to 92y 8 : St. Paul. 26/ 8 to 65 Vi:
Bock Island, »Vil to 543/ ; Consolidated Gas, Li/»
to 140- Lake >hore, 3 to 40: Louisville and Nash
ville, iy% to 42%; Metrop. litan, 4% to 84%: Lead
preferred, 3y» to B',^: Leather preferred, '2% to
46%, and Western Union, 28/ to 78. In the in
active stocks - Nickel Plate second preferred ad
vanced 4 54 to 243/4, and Minnesota Iron, 2to 60.
Manhattan was In aw. It opened firm at 76, fell
to 731,4. rallied to 76% and closed at 73% and 74
asked. -^sySSgeasO****^ . - ■■ .-.
In the afternoon the demand for stocks was less
argent, and pprie s ran oft W^'Vs outside of Man
hattan, which broke 2% per cent. The reaction
as on reports of a receivership for the Louisville,
New Albany and Chicago, and the failure of a
Maiden-lane jewelry firm with large liabilities.
Speculatio - closed Irregular, net chance* showing
gains of Vi<!fi-- 3 A " er cent, £ugar leading. Total
■•flies were 272,518 shares, including 69,100 Sugar.
49,000 St. Paul, and 22,800 Burlington and
Quincv. •
Bonds were strong and higher. Sales footed up
401. 000. Atchlson general vfours rose 2 to
74%: Chicago and Northern Pacific fives, 1% to
38: Kansas and Texas seconds, 2V4 to 49 V*: do
lours, IV* to 791.4: Louisville, New Albany and
Chicago general lives, 3% to 56: Mobile and Ohio
fours, 'i to 58; Oregon Short Line consols, 5% to
63: Peorlaand Eastern- Consolidated fours, 5 to
67: San Antonio and -Arkansas Pass fours, 3 to
FINANCIAL. .
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
Vv MH6LOCK & CO.,
•4 Leldesdorff St. Tel. Main 1954.
. • ' ' branch OFFICE •
(28 Market St.; Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5828
. * ■'. J. S. FUEBY, Manager. , .
Orders instantly executed on latest . market quo-
■ ■ tations. Reference Ist National Bank. 8. P..
CHICAOa IfiUVATifi wuuii. «*w YOBS.
• 43: and Wisconsin Central fives certificates, 2 i
to 29. . '.. - ■■■■ .•' , ■• •■ : 3 ■:> ■
•In Government bonds 30, 000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 112 Vi. and $5000 registered at 112V4:
$16,000 registered fours of 19J7 at IOBVsi and
$3000 coupon fives at 109@109%.
; .-_; Grain..*
Unchanged, steady. Wheat, low grades,
$1 7C@2 50: do fair ,to fancy, *2 40@3 40:
do patents,. 93 4s©3 75: Minnesota clear. #2 40
(d'J 40: do straiehts. $2 95@3 40: ao patents,? 3 15
fa A 20: low extras. $1 70®.! SU; city mills, (3 90;
do patents. »4 15&4 35: rye mixture, *2 40@
2 90: superfine, $1 60@2 55: fine. $150@2 05. Rye
flour quiet, steady, at $2 40@2 75.
1 COI4NMEAL— Steady, quiet. Yellow Western,
1 $2 0 @2 10.
1 RYE— Steady, quiet: No. 1 Western. 37%c to. b.
I BARLEY— Steedy.OuU :34i4c f. o. b.
BARLEY MALT— Quiet, steady; Western,
48@53c. .
WHEAT— Spot, market quiet, easier; f. o. b.,
66c: ungraded red, 67@67c; No. 1 Northern,
64i^c
Options were fairly active and unsettled, advanc
ing %c on foreign buying, declinine ' lc with the
West and through the tight money market West,
which caused free unloading, ' rallying ;%c on
local covering and closing steady at s/ over yester- j
day. September and December most active. No. 2 J
red: August, 625/ g c: September, <&'2 l /±c; October, ]
63%@6;{84c: November, 64V2 C = December,' 67c. ,
coitK- .-pot dull, weaker; No. 2, 28% c elevator;
29 :^c afloat.
Options were more active and closed steady at
R/g@6 /g c decline, with the West and easier cables.
December and September most active. August,
28S/B'-; September, 28% c; October, 29% c; Decem
ber, 30S/,c; May, 325/ c.
OATS— Spot, dull, easier.
Options— Doll, steady, i/s© 1 /ic' higher. August,
20^ic; September,' 20% c: October, 205/ g c.
bpot prices: No. 2. '.03a.@21c: No. 2 white. 24*4
@24V»c: No. 2 Chicago, 2IS4C: No. 3,20 c: No. 3
white, 23@231,4c: mixed Western. 21@22c; white
do, 25@31c; white State, 25@31c.
J'rovlniorn.
LARD— Quiet, firmer. Western steam, S3 65:
city, $3 25: September. $3 55; refined, quiet and
steady; continent. S3 75; south American, *4 25:
compound, 3%@4i^tc.'
PORK— Fair demand, steady. Old mess, $8®
8 25: new mess, $B@B 75. .
BUTTER— Firmer, fair demand. Western dairy.
9<ai2c: do creamery. 11%@16c; do factory. 7%
©lie: Elgins, 15V2@16c.
CHEESE— FairIy active, firm. Part skims, 2@
6c: full skims, l@l%c
EGGS— Quiet, steady. Western, fresh, ll@12c;
ao, "$ case. $1 50@2 40.
TALLOW— Steady. City, 3@3 l-16c; country,
3^31/ga :
COTTONSEED OIL— Quiet, steady. Crude, 19®
20c: yellow. 223 4@23c.
RlCE— Steady. Domestic, 3@53.4c: Japan, 4O
4Vic. '
MOLASSES— Steady, dull. New Orleans, 27®
37c .
COFFEE— Steady, unchanged to 5 points down.
September. $9 70<a»75: October, $9 25@9 30:
December. $9 06: January, $9 05: March, $9 05
@9 10: May, $9 05. Spot Rio, dull. No. 7, lie.
SUGAR— Raw, steady, fair demand. Fair refin
ing. 3c: centrifugals, 3S/»c; refined, quiet, un
changed. '
Fruit and Produce. .
APRICOTS— Bags, new, B®9c.
PEACHES— OId, peeled, ld@l4c: do nnpeeled,
6Vj@B%c.
PRUNES— Four sizes, old, 3»4@5c. •
RAISINS— Two-crown loose Muscatel, 01d,3»/4@
4c: do three-crown. 6®5J-/ic; do lour-crowii. 2 c;
do London layers, f I@l 15; do clusters, $1 25
@1 40.
HOPS— steady. Pacific Coast, 3®6%c. 1 Lon
don market unchanged. . ■ :
WOOL-Steady, quiet; domestic fleece, 16@22c;
pulled. 15®33c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise. ■
Tin iron— Dull, steady; American. $10 26®
12 50.
tOPPER-Dull, steady; lake. SlO 85@10 90.
LEAD— Steady: domestic, $2 75. .
TlN— Easy, . steady; strait*. »13 30©13 40;
plates, quiet, steady. .
SPELTEK-Easy; domMttc. $3 40.
CHICAGO MAKKKTS.
rKICAGP.'Tix.. Aug. 13.— For a brief period
subsequent to the . opening of the wheat market
this morning the feeling was comparatively steady,
not to say firm, unit less disposition to sell was I
present. -But aft c the expiration of the first half !
hour liquidation of September came the feature of j
the trade, The selling was widespread and a |
i vague apprehension prevented the development of !
a demand sufficient to check the downward ten- |
dency. The fear of liberal deliveries of September
contracts was again expressed and timid holders '■
became anxious to dispose of their properties.
Relative to the question of these deliveries a
I prominent trader said: , "There is about 12,000,
--] 000 bushels contract grade wheat ,in • regular
! houses in Chlcazo, but over half of it is in houses
made regular in July and . the . receipts, being
da ed previous' to that time, are not regular for
delivery now and will probably not be eh meed to
i an important extent for September contracts."
' This phase of the - situation dawned on the
minds of the operators later in the resslon. ef
fecting a more confident tone. Liverpool cables
were easy. ■ ■ "
Receipts at Chicago were 185 ears and the North
west bad 252. Local Inspections from store were
233,878 bushels. Export clearances amounted to
372.5.7 bushels. The Cincinnati Price Current
; reported crop conditions for the past • week well
I maintained. The recovery to prices was complete
i before the conclusion of the session. Closing con
tinental cables were generally higher. September
I wheat opened at 5434.0, sold between 53 3 and
655/, c. closing at 55V*@553, 8 . 3/i@%c higher than j
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 135 I
cars. ■ • ■ ■ • ' •- - ■" '
I CORN— Cincinnati Price Current summary
j on corn reported some apprehension regarding the
crop in Iv insas Probably a portion of the open-
I ing firmness for this grain might be ascribed to
! that, but evidently the initial strength of wheat
j was the more important influence. With weak
j new in wheat later corn yielded to moderate offer
: ings and also declined. Receipts were 698 cars,
{ 42 less than estimated. Withdrawals from store
'< were light at 45,000 bushels. - Seaboard clearances
I amounted to 941,675 bushels, Liverpool cables
I were quiet. With the recovery in wheat subse- j
1 quently corn also rallied, but not in full. : Septem-
I ber corn opened at 23^gC. declined to 223/ 8 . clos
ing at 227 c, i/gc under yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow 680 cars. .
■ OATS — The oats market displayed more firm
ness than either of Its neighbors. This was credit
ed to the Influence of the Cincinnati Price Current,
which said: The oaisrrop is even more unfavor- I
ably reported than previously. Prices eventually '
exhibited weakness in sympathy with the other i
grains, but did not break is radically as those of
wheat and corn. Receipt* were 308 cars and 241,
--445 bushels were taken from store. A firmer tone
was noted toward the close. September closed %c
higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts for to
' morrow 3-5 cars. . •
FLAX— Was easy. . New Southwestern sold at
69@69i/4c; old Northwestern sold and closed at
69 % c; September, 63@69%c; December. 72%@
73c Receipts were 102 cars.
PROVISIONS— The rally of wheat at the open-
Ing of that I market acted as a stimulant to values
in product, notwithstanding - a wean hog market.
With the alteration In: grain later the sustaining
force was withdrawn and the strength disappeared.
I Toward the close a recovery occurred, the rally in
I wheat influencing it. September pork closed 17% c
: higher, September lard and ribs each 7%c higher.
BUTTER— The demand was good from all
sources to-day. Offerings were > moderate and the
feeling firm. . . • ■
Creameries— Extras, 16% c: firsts, 13%@14%c;
seconds,' 10@llc; ■ Imitations, fancy, 10@ilc.
Dairies— Extras, 13c; firsts, 10% c: seconds, 9c.
Ladles— Extras, 9%@10c; firsts, B@Si/2C; packing,
stock, 6@7c: grease, 4(a.5c. ...■■ .
EGGS— ere dull and easy. Receipts were fair
but the demand slack. Fresh slock, BV?@yc % dor.
MONEY— Was firm at 6@7X both for call and
urn*) loans. New York exchange sold at bOc dis
count.' ■ - .'■■;■.-■ - ' '.'* .
Cloning: Prices. ;--.*!
WHEAT — 'August,' 54%-: September. 65V4®
66«/»c; December, 58s / 4@s^%c.
CORN— 223/ c: September. 22% c; May,
; 27c :..■-.■■-;■•■■■■■
OATS— September. 15S/ 8 @1534c; May. 19c.
PORK— September. $6 45; January, $7 02%.
I.AKI(- September, S3 27%: January, *3 65.
iliit— Septemoer, $3 32%; January, $3 60.
Livestock.
/ UNION STOCKYARDS. Ixi», August 13.—
Receipts of cattle ■ to-day were moderate, but the
I demand was slow. Prices were easy and a shade
: lower. Trade in hogs was dull at a decline of 10c
I In prices. The offerings were fair and the demand
I indifferent. There was an improvement in the
demand for sheep. Offerings " were moderate and
I prices firm an' 1 . 10c higher. '
I CATTLE— Keceiots. 10,000. Fancy beeves. $4 60
' ©4 70: choice 10 crime, 1600 to 1800 tb steers,
' $4 75*4 55; good to choice steers. 1500 to 1700 &>,
I Si 15@4 SO; medium steers, 1100 to 1 350 &>. $3 80
@4 10: common , to fair steers. 960 to 1200 lbs,
$3 25® M 75: rough Western steers, $2, 90(»
I 3 40: Seeders. 900 to 1200 tb. $3 25@3 60; stocked,
1 600 to 875 It,. $2 40@3 45; bulls, choice to ex
| tra, %l bWdiS 30 : bulls.' ' poor to cnoice. $1 76
(a- 75: cows ana h»ifer*. choice to extra. $3 t>o@4;
cows, t . fair, to . choice, $2 30@3 50: . tows,
common to fair can ners. $1 *Jb@2 25; calves, good
to choice. $5 25(6)5 50: calves, common to good,
$3 25@520; Texas grass steers. £2 35@3 IU:
Texas cows and bulls, Si oO@2 40; > stern range
steers, $2 75@4 00; Western range cows and heif
ers, $2 i o(g)3 60: milkers and springers, $ head,
$20@40. -
.HUGS — Receipts. 23,000. Heavy packlni ana
shipping lots. $2 7503 10: common to choice
1 mixed, .$2 B>@3 20: choice assorted,'. $3 30(3
3 35; lieht, $2 95^3 30: pigs, $2 50(8)3 30.
bHKi-.k-— Receipts. 12,000. interior to choice,
*2(^3 50 lambs, 93'c 6 75.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK. N. V., Aug. 13.-Porter Bros.
Company sold California fruit ; to-day as follows:
Pears— Bartletis. 70c«81 35 "$ box. Prunes— Gros,
65c@fl 20 $ half crats; German, 50c@?l 15;
0 her varieties, * 45^90c . ■ Plums— Japans, ■- tiOc®
$1 25 $ half crate: other varleties,3o@Bsc. Peaches
—rosters, S6@Boc * box; ."California Beauties,
75c; Susquebaunaj. 35(p65c; other varieties, 35
60c Grapes— Red Tramlna. 65c %* half crate. ■
CHICAGO. 111., Aug. 13.— The Earl Krult Com
pany sold ■ California fruit ■■ to-day a* - follows'
Pears— Bartle t — 75c@Sl . 25. Plums — Kelsey,
iSI loial 75: Egs, 70®90c Prunes— ltalian, 90c
@$1 40; (iros. 80cfe$l > 20. Pea' hes — susque
liauna. 65'd90c: Late Crawford, 70(S80c; Early
Crawford, a '(.7oc. Fos er, 45@55c: Yellow Cling,
85c. : Grapes— 'l okay. $2; Fontainebleau, 'SI 30(«
1 65. .Nectarines, 40fe90c. *
>'l->V 1»>1. rv lOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange,' Money sad Railroad
Sharp*, i
Money on car. easier at 2% 5}4-<; last loan at 3%%
THE SAN JfIIANCISCJO CALIL, JfKIDAT, AUGUST 14, 1896.
and closing offered at 2Vi%- .' Prime mercantile pa- (
per. es6V'2%- Ear silver. 67% c. ; Mexican dollars,
62% c. Sterling Exchange uull. easy, with actual
business in ' bankers' : bills at $4 86U@4 8«%
for sixty flays and $4 8714@4 K7% lor ilemaDU.
Posted rates. $4 87@4 08%-: Commercial bills,
$4 Xby±@i 85%. Government bonds steady: State j
bonds quiet: railroad bonds higher. Silver at the
board was unchanged.
1 CrOMUQ RTOCTC*".
Am Tel A Cable.... 79 Norfolk A Westrn. 7y 3
Atchlson... 10 »4 Preferred.:....... 12 *
Preferred..;.....; 16% Northern Pacific. 334
Adams Express... .l-*2 : Preferred..; .11%
Alton. Terro Haute 63 Northwestern .... 911/4
American Express) os Preferred ....... 148
American Tobacco, i b6Vi N. Y. Central;...;. 61
Preferred ;... 93 N.Y.,ChlcaßO<t^L, 9
Bay StateGas. .;...: 15 Ist preferred 60
Baltimore A Ohio.. 15 2d preferred 23
Brunswick Lands.. % N. V.AN. H.....;. 161
Buffalo, Roch AP. lVs N. Y. & New Eng. 35
Canada Pacific... 56 In. V., Susq A W... 7
Canada southern.. 4314 ■■ Preferred......... 17
Canton Land....... 50% Ontario .;.... 11%
Central Pacific 13 . Ontario A Western 12
Ches. A Ohio j.3 'Oregon Improvmnt %
Chicago Alton. 146 1 Preferred..:. ....'.—
Preferred...;.....J7o- . Oregon Navigation 10.
! Chicago. B. A Q.... 68 Oregon Short Line. :11
Chicago A E. 111... 37% Pacific Ma 11. ......; 173,4
Preferred flO j Peoria, D. A Evans 1-%
Chicago Ga5........ 51% Pittsburg A W. pfd 15
CleveA Pittsbarg..lso lPullman Pa1ace.... 140
Consolidation CoaL 31 .Quicksilver.. ....... 1%
Consolidated Ga5. .138 Preferred. ....... 12
C. C. C. & St. Louis 22V 2 Keadine ...... 95 /S
Preferred 70 KioGrandeAWestn 15
Colo. Fuel A iron.. 13 Preferr«Hi. v — 40 ;
Preferred..;...;.. 80 Rock 151 and.'.'...... ' 331/1
Cotton Oil Cert.... 8% Rome Wat.fcOgaen.lo9
Commercial Cable. 126 St. L. AS. W...... 3V4
Del. Hudson.. .116 Preferred......... V3 yi
Del.Lack<SWestrn.l42y St. Pau1..... 643/
Denver dtR.G...:. 10% \ Preferred. 121
Preferred......... 40% St. Paul A Duluth. 20
Distillers.... — Preferred......... 87
General Electric... 236/feSt. Paul A Omaha. 33%
Erie.......... ..la • Preferred.... .....117-
Preferred 28S 4 l St. P. M. AM 104
Fort Wayne 146 silver Certificates. 67%
Great Northern pfdlO7 'Southern Pacific... 16Va
Green 8ay..... % Southern R. R..... 73/ 8
Harlem. ...........294 Preferred. 19
Hocking Coal .— - ' Sugar Refinery .... 101 &4
Hocking Valley.... 13 Preferred 96
Homestake. 44 Term. Coal A Iron. 16%
H. & Texas Cent... Preferred......... 90
Illinois Central 86 Texas Pacific 5%
lowa Centra!....... 6 ToI.A.A.A N.Mich. :
Preferrea 22y 4 Tol. A Ohio Cent... 20
Kansas A Texas... 9^/4 Preferred......... 60
Preferred......... 19% Tol. SuLouiß&K.C 6
t Kingston A Pern... 3 , Preferred....'.".... 6
Lake Erie A Westn 13 Union I'acinc 6
Preferred 60 U. P. Den A Golf.- 1 3 4
Lake Shore.. 138 U. S. Cora 35 /3
National Lead 17% ' Preferred......... 7
;.' Preferred 81 I Guaranteed 1»%
Long 151 and........ 65 i lv. S. Express.. 30
 Louisville A Nash. 41 %'V. S. Leather 6%
, Louisville N a dtCa 3 Preferred 45
Preferred......... 8 U. S. Rubber. 14%
Manhattan Consol. 73% Preferred. 65
Memphis A Charts. 15 Utlca AB. River.. 150
Mexican Central... 6y» Wab. s. L. A Pac.. 6Vi
Michigan Central.. 90" Preferred ...13
Minn AS. L. ...;.. Wells-Fargo 80
Preferred......... Western Union T<Va
Minn A St. L com. 12% Wisconsin Central. 13/s
Ist preferred 67 Wheeling AL. i 5.. 6i/g
2d preferred...... 33 Preferred. 23
Missouri Pacific.. 16% Am Cotton Oil pfd. 3ay
Mobile Ohio 16 W. U. Beef 6
Nashville A Chan. 67% A un Arbor 7%
National Linseed.. 13 I Preferred 19
N.J. Central....... 9 iy 8 Brooklyn Traction. 19
North American... 4 Erie 2d pfd '••■ 15
. . CLOBINO BOXDSI.
V 4s, registered .. 105 MX T 2ds 478,4.
Do 4s. coupon... 106 Do 4s 79V4
U new, regstrdll2 Mutual Union 55... 108
Do 4s, coupon 112 N J Cent Gen ss. ..1 101 3
Do as.. 9iy 2 Northern Pac lsts.llo
Do 55.... ;...-..... 10034 Do2ds 104
i 06s. coupon 108 % Do3ds 64
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols.l2s ■
Do 1897 10U Do deb 6s 104
"Do 1898 :...10J OR A N 15t5....... 104
Do 1899 100 StLAlronMtGen 5s 70
Pacific -is of "95. . . . St L A 8 F Gen 6s. 108
DCS-65s 109i,i St Paul Consols... 121
Ala Class A 45.. 100 St P C A Pa lsts. ..110
Do Class B 4, 55.. 100 Do Pac Cal lsts.. 107
La Consol 45....... 92 Southern RR 55... 79%
Missouri funding. ..— — Texas Pacific lsis. 75
N Carolina con 63.. 110 Texas Pacific 2d5.. . 16 -
Do 45.....'...;.... 95 Union Pac lsts 86. 96
60 Carolina 4%5... 95 .West Shore 4s. 101
Term new 3s 77 Mobile A Ohio 45.. 5H% |
Va funding dent... 54 Grande West lsts bo
Do registered Ches & Ohio 6s 100
Do deferred 65... 5 Atcnlson 4s 73% '
Do trust rcpis st. 4 Do2dsA. 32Vi !
Canada South 2ds.. 100 GH ABA 6s 101
Cen Pac lstaof '95. 98 I Do2d7s 98
Den AP. Gist 109 Hlt Tex Cent 85..102
D 045.............. 82 Docontts. 102
Erie 2ds 553,4 Reading 4s 71%
Kansas Pa Consols 57 Missouri o*. ....-■ 100
Kb Pa IBU Den dlvlO9 Alabama, class C. 95
FOREIGN MAKKETS.
WfiSAT IN LIVEBPCOI.
LIVERPOOL. Ess., Aug. IS— The spot market
is lower at 6s 4d@6s ad. Cargoes lower at 25
10y 2 d, arrived. ;
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Auk
nst, 4s 93/ id; September, 4» 9?Ad: October, 4s
lOd; November. 4s 10^4d; December, 4s 10% d.
~ - ■ ' * " SXCUBITIBS.
LONDON, Ens., Aug. 15. — Consols, 112S/g*
sliver, 31% d; French Rentes. 102f 50c.
LX CHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — nominal
Sterling Exchange, sight — nominal
Sterling Cab1e5........ — nominal
New York Exchange, sight — nominal
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — nominal
Fine Silver. %* ounce..... — . 67%
Mexican D011ar5...... .....63% 64
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— A decline at Liverpool was offset by
an advance at ', Chicago, and prices showed no
i change. No. 1. 92y a ra.933/4c: choice, 9 5 c; lower
grades, 87y a © l JliAc; extra choice for milling, SI
@107Vi*ctt
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session-— o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, 95 %c; 4000, 96c; 4000, 96y B e. '
•Second Session— 10:15 o'clock— December—
8000 ctls, 96&
Kkoclau Morning Session — December —
; 6000 ct!s, 961,4 c; 6000, 96 %c. Seller '96, new.
Storage paid— 2ooo, 94% c; 2000, 94% C. '-
Afternoon . Session — December— 2ooo ctls,
9614 c; 10,000. 96y B e. .-■..-:
. BARLEY— Previous prices rule. We quote Feed,
62y 2 @66V*c: Brewing, 72y 2 @77y 2 c 9 ctl. ; ■'• .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls -December—
4000 ctls, 67V 2 c\ '
; Second Session— lo:ls o'clock— No sales.
Kr.riui.Aß &10BNIN0 Session— No sales.
Aftebnoon Session — DecemDer— 2000 ctls,
67y 2 a i,<- .■ .
OaTS— Quotations show no disturbance. New
Oats quotable at 72y 2 @Boc f( ctl: old milling, 85® I
90c : lancy feed, 90@92%c; good to choice, 82V 2
@90c: common to fair, 72yj@77y 2 c; Gray, HOtat
»2yBC: surprise, 95c@$l 02y 2 . '• w
CORN— Prices continue to decline, as offerings
are large and the demand Is slack. Large Yellow,
87V 2 @92^c fS ctl: Small Round do, 92i,2@93^,ie:
White, 7&@77y2C . . ;, •;. *
BYE— 7-^y sc *$ ctl for old and 65c for new.
BUCKWHEAT— at 85@95c $ ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, $3 60@3 70 ft bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 40
@3 50; superfine, $2 75@3. • •
CORK MEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, $19 60©20:
Cracked Corn, $20 60@21 %t ton. ■ "
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows, |
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, $2 10;
Rye Flour, 2y a c; Rice Flour. ft*4o; Cornmeal,
$2 10; extra cream do, 2%c: Oatmeal, s2 90; Oat
Groats. 2 c: Hominy, $a 10©:-! 30: Buckwheat
Flour, $3 lo@3 30; Cracked Wheat, 2%c: : Fa
rina. ny c: whole Wheat Flour, $2 30; Rolled
Oats, 31 2 c; Pearl Barley, S^c; Bplu Peas, $3 20;
Green do, $4 10. ' <■'
HAY AND FKEDSTUFF*.
BRAN-sl2<g>l2 50 for the best and $11311 60
9 ton for outside brands. r . :
. MIDDLINGS— $15@16 9 ton for, lower grades
and $17@18 ~f ton for the best. '■;■'.- . :
FE DSTUFFs ..Kolled Barley, $14 SO@IR: Oil
cake Meal a- the mill, S2l i* ton: jobbing, $22. . ,
HAY— Continues to arrive in large quantities.
Wheat is quotable at $7@lo ft ton; Wheat. and
Oat, $6 50@9 $ ton; Oat. $6 50@8 $ ton;
Barley, $6@7 50; Kiver Barley, $4 50@5; Alfalfa,
$5 50@6 60 for second and $4 50@f> lor first cut
ting: ■ compressed, $6@B; ' stock, - $4@5: Clover,
*5 50<gj7 60.
STKAW-30@40c $ bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS — Prices show a number of narrow
changes. Bay os, ■■ 9Oc@sl ;$ "i ctl; Small - Whites,
$I®l 10 ft ctl: Pea, $I@l 20 $ ctl: Large Whites,
90c@$l ■$ ctl; Pink. 65@75c ft ctl: Keds, Sl®
1 15: BiacKe-e. $1 16@1 40: Red Kidney, nomi
nal: Limns. $2(52 35; Butters, fl@l 26. ;
SEEDS— FIax is lower and dull. "Brown Mus
tard, $1 50@l 75 W ctl: Trieste, $2 26@2 75 ft
ctl; Yellow Mustard, $1 60iai 75; Flax, $1 60;
Canary, 2V4@2S / ic ft 1b; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
2VaC'^ffi; Hemp, 3%c *&>.» :' '. -■ '-
■ DRIED PEAS— SI 10@l 40 V ctl for Mies and
$1 25(8,1 60 lor Green. ;,
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES,
POTATOES — Sweet Potatoes, lV»@2c ft !b;
Garnet Chiles, &o@)6oc ft ctl; Early Hose, ao(a-40 :;
Burbank Seedlings, 30®46cfor Rivers and «o@9oc
for Salinas. »;>•■ -,-< .-:-•..• •■ ■ .:■■■■- ■ .■.•..-..-•>- --.•■•. •■■ ■
ONIONS— 3O@4Oo ft ell: Pickles, 65@75c 3 ctl.
VEGETABLES — Everything •on the list is
plentiful and « cheap. Marrowfat , Squash j is ' quot
able at $15@20 ft ton; - Green Corn. -; 25@75c
?t sack;. .Marni-da Corn, $I(<U 26 ft crate: Berke
ley Corn, 7oc@sl ft box: summer squash, 15@25c
for Bay ; Ekg Plain, 25@40c "$ : box: ; Toronto
35@4 5c for Rivers: Alameda CucumDers, 10@25c
ft bx; Pickles, 1%« * I>r No 1 and4o@soc* ctl
for No. 3: Green Peppers. 2t»@3sc ft large box for
Chile and 25@50c ft box lor Bell: Green Peas, 258
75c ft sack lor common and 1 2@2 '•_■(,■ ft Ib for Gar
den String Beans. -5@75c %t sack for common
and Z@2y 3 c for garden i I tnias. Katie; Green Okra,
40@75c V box; Cabbage. iOc > ctl; Carrots, 25®
30c V sack ; Garlic, y s (^2c Hlb.jy
. POULTRY AND GAME. '■
POULTRY— Another car of Eastern is In and the
market Is weak and dull' in consequence, ! with
I lower prices for Hens. Roosters and Broilers. Live
1 Turkeys, . 1 14c « Vlb for Gobblers. 12@13c for
Hens: Turkeys, 16@18c: Geese, pair. $1
1 25: Gosllnss, $1 25@1 50: Ducks, $2 6008 '& doz
for old and $2 5U@4 for young: Hens, .fa 50@4 50:
Roosters, youn?,s4@4 60 : • do, old. $4(iii4 oO:.
Fryers, $3^)3 50; Eroners. $2 50@3 for large ana
; $1 75662 foi small; Pigeons, $1 ,2&@l- 60 '<§> dozen
for young and old. ' ' ■ ■■ ■ • --
ME— Nominal. . ..' ' ,'
BUTTER, : CHtESK~~AND £GGS.
; i BUTTER — Creameries are weak and selling 1
lower. Fine dairies are firm, being scarce. . . . j
Cekaiieky- Fancy, 18i/2@1,9c, * with occasional
sales higher: seconds. 17@18c ?> Ih./
Dairy— Fancy, . I7%@lt<c » Ib: good to choice,
15%@16%c: lower grades, 13@16c.
Pickled— 15@17c V tb.
KIKKIN-U^TlSr %>. lb '
CHEESE— ancy mild new, B%@9c; common
to good, 6i/,@3c lb: Cream Cheddar, 10@llc:
Young America, 9@loc « lb; Western, 10@llc;
Eastern, ll@l3c ?i ib.- •;
EGGS— The market continues very weak, with a
downward tendency. Oregon, 13@14c: Eastern. 14
@15y 2 c: store Eggs 12@14c for poor and 15@16c
for good; ranch Eggs, 18@2i%c: cold-storage
ranch, 17@18c; Duck Eggs, 16@17c 1» doz.
DECIDUOUS AND CITKUS FKUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— -■
The market is crowded with all kinds, as .usual
during the xnidale of August, and'ibe canners and
retailers "are ; unable to : take all that is offered to
them. "--■-' -:■ •■•-..^■- ...-.■■ ' : ■-. '- -•' .- ■ ■ ' " : - ■ '-.- ■
, Red Nectarines. 35(g;75c: White. 36@50c "# box.
Peaches, 15@40c *$ bx, 20@35c basket; $12 60
@17 50 ton for frees and $20@25 for clings.
■ Plums. 30@40c a box and 35@60c V crate;
White In bulk, $10@12 60 3 ton; Japanese Plums,
25@40c; Prunes, 30@40c. ■ . ._„_„
Apples, 75c@$l D box for choice and 40@60c
for common.
Crabapples, 25@50c * box. ;„ _ .
Pears. 20®40c * box; Bartletts, 20@40c V box
and $12@15 ft ton. " ~ ' — _ :„
Figs, 25@60c * box for white and 40@75c for
black, double layers. . .
berries— .. • ';:: /
Strawberries, $3® 4 ?* chest for Longworths and
*1 50@2 50 for large berries.
Raspberries, ?3@5 ¥ chest.
Blackberries. $2@3 60 ¥ chest.
Huckleberries, b@Bc * tb. ■
GRAPES— The market is doing rather better.
Black Grapes are quotable at at 40@75c % box and
75@S5c "$> crate; Muscats, 60@75c "$ box and 75
@Hsc ■$ crate: Sweet waters and Fontalnebleaux,
86@60c * box and 40@60c $ crate.
MKLOXS-Supplies of all kinds are large and j
the market is tending downward. Watermelons,
Ss@lo ■& 100: Cantaloupes, 50c@*l 60 * crate; t
Nutmegs, 75c box
CITRUS FRUITS— Limes are lower. Oranges, »2
@3 for Valenclas and $1 50@2 V bx for Mediterra
nean Sweets: Lemons, $I@2 "% box for common
and $2 50®3 for good to choice: Mexican Limes,
$5 50 ¥- box: California Limes, 76c@$l 60: Ba
nanas, $1(§)J t*. bunch; Pineapples, ?2@ 3 50 v doz.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
New Nectarines and Figs are selling and New
Apples will be on the market In a day or two. '
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as follows:
Carload i.dTs— New A prlcots, 6@6i4c In sweat
box,'6@63 4c / f< lb f. o. b. coast and B@9c for fancy I
MoorparKs. Old Prunes, 3c: new Prunes, Bitj'3%c; I
new Peaches, 4y«c "# lb in the sweat-box and 6c f.
o. b. coast. . -;■ ' • •■•
Jobbing Pricks— Apricots, 6ya@6%c:old
evaporated Apples, 4y a f! Ib; old Prunes, 3c for
four sizes; new Figs, black, 2y 2 @3c for unpressed
and 3@»y 9 c for pressed: Plums, 2 @4c for pitted
and l@iy 3 c forunpittea; new Nectarines, 4@sc %1
fi> for prime to choice. .
RAISINS— Prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
o. b, Fresno: ; Four-crown, loose, none: 3-crown,
loose, none; 2-crown, 2%c ift lb; seedless Sultanas,
8c; seedless Muscatels, l%c: 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c 1* box; clusters, $1 36@1 50: Dehesaclus
ters, »2 10@2 25: Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75. .;
Jobbing Four-crown, loose, 41,4 c: 3
crown, 334 c: 2-crown, 33/ o fi lb. Seedless Sul- :
tanas, 4c $ Ib; Seedless Muscatels, 8c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c; clusters, *1 60@l 75; ■
Debesa clusters. $2 60: Imperial clusters. «2 75.
NUTS— Quotations are as follows: Wainuts, 9@
lie for No. 1 hard and U@l3cs tb for paper-shell,
jobbing lots; ' Almonds. 6@7y 2 c ~f> lb for Lan
guedoc,' 2y 2 @Bc ft Tb for- hardshell ana H@loo !
%< Ib for paper-shell,"' jobbing: Peanuts, 6@6V2 C j
1* Ib for. Eastern and — - for California: Hick- j
ory Nuts, 6@6c: Pecans, 6c for rough ■ »nd 8c -for j
polished; Filberts. B@9c: Brazil Nuts, 7@Bc * lb; |
Cocoanuts, f4@s ft 100. .
' HONEY— Comb, 10@12%c for bright and 6@9c j
for lower grades; water-white ' extracted, 5@5%c: j
light amber extracted, 4V^@4S/4c; dark amber, 4© j
4y4O;dark, 2@3c 14 Ib.
BEESWAX-25@27y 2 c Ib.
PROVISIONS.
Cottolene Is higher.
CURED MEATS— Bacon Is quotable at 6%0
for heavy, 7%c %i lb for light medium. 9@-9V 2 c ,
for light, 10@llc for extra light and 12c for sugar- i
curea; Eastern Mi~ar -cured Hams, 12ii&12%c:
California Hams, aO@llc 9 Vb: Mess Beef, $7 1
@:8; extra mess do. $8; family do, $10; extra I
prime Pork, S8(&8 50; extra clear, $13 9 bbl; i
mess. Sll 50(a,12 >. bbl: Smoked Beef. :0<- '?■ lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 414 c '■$ !b
for compound and 5 Vie for pure; palls, 6c fi tb;
California tierces, 4%c for compound and 6%c for
pure: half-bbls, 63/4 C;. 10-lb tins, 6 Vic; do 6-lb,
6y a c ¥ lb.
COTTOLENE— B1 8 In half-bbls and 63^ ( a
7y 8 o «lb in 10-tb tlusT ■:'. •
HIDES TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers, 7c ■$
'tb; culls and brands, 6c: medium. 6c; culls and !
brands, 6c ft lb: light, 4i/»@sc: culls and brand*, j
»c: Cowhides," Ma *><■•. culls and brands, 4@4y 2 c; |
salted Kip, 00 i* Ib; saltea Calf, 6@7c: salted Veal.
6Gi)6c: dry Hides. )o@loy2c; culls and brands, 7@
7y 2 c: dry Kip and Veal, »@9c; culls, 7c; dry Calf,
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins. 20@35c each: Kids, sc; I
Deerskins, good summer, 25(gi27V2C; medium. 15® '
22 Vac: winter, 7@loc: Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@
16a each; short wool, 20@S5c each: medium, 40® >
60c each; long wools, 60@60c each. Culls Of alt
kinds about y 3 c less. ."■
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 2%@3c; No. 2,
214 c: refined. 5V c: Grease. 2c lb.
WOOL— Humboldt and Mendocino quotabte at
10@llc; Valley Oregon, 10@llc: do lower grades,
8@10c; Nevada, 6@By2C: San Joaquln and south- j
crn Coast, . six months, - 4<s6c: San Joaquin, foot- |
hill, good to choice, 6%@7y a c: San Joaquin, year's |
fleece, 4@5%c: northern tree, 7@9c: do detec
tive, 6@ey>c «> Ib.
HOis-Nominal at 2@4c 9 Ib for 189b and 6®
7%c for Ib 9«». ■ . -.-
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAG?— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 94 25: San
Quentln, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24y 2 2 c.
' COAL— Wellington, ?8 *fl ton; New Wellington,
$8 ton; Southfield Wellington, $7 50 ton;
sseattle, $r>jc.'> 00: Bryant. $5; Coos Bay, 84 50;
Wallsend, *7; Scotch. S7 50; Brvmbo, »7 50;
Cumberland, $13 50 3 ton In bulk and 916 In sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11 $ ton; .Welsh
Anthracite, «9; Cannel. $7 60: Rock Springs,
Casile Gate and Pleasant. Valley. 60: Cose,
$ll@lii in bulk and $13 $ ton in sks. -WesGamm
SUGAR— Western »UEar Refining Company
I quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed. s% C ;
I Powdered, 5S/ S c: Fine Crushed. 5 %c; Dry Granu
lated, 434.C: Confectioners' A. 48/ic; Magnolia A,
43/« c; Extra C, 4V4c; Golden C, 4V»c: half barrels,
i/4« more than barrels, and boxes 2 c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET. I
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF- First quality, 4y 2 @sc; 'second do, 4®
4V*e; third do. 3y c * lb. ' >.-•••;►- •>•, ■ >* :
VEAL— Large, 4(g6c; small, 6@oc V Ib.
MUTTON — Wethers, 4y a Ewes, 4@4V4c
»lb. ■ '':..--. .•.,:.■>;;: : J ■;■•- :i- : V :.-.;- :■ . .
LAMB-5(?8c « Ib. . i
"PORK— Live Hoss, 3c IR' Ib for large and SS^c
for small and medium: dressed do, 4t4@si4 c V- 9>.
RECEIPTS OF PKODUCJS.
FOB S4 HOURS.
Flour. sks ... 15.54 i'Cbeese. ctls ' 118
Oregon, sks.... 10.97 I Eggs, d0z........ 10,800
-Washington... a,200 Hides, no 412
Wheat. ct15...... 6,v!45 Pelis, bd15....:.. 114
Washington 5? Wine, gals.  SBIOOO
Barley, ctls ..... 94,676 Wool, bis.; 9
Oats, e115... 1,415 • 0ree0n... '.....; 170
Beans, sks 1,019 Washington.. 50
Corn,ctls.. : 2 Tallow, ct15...... . .48
Potatoes, sks.... 2.414 Lime, bb15....... hi
Onions, sks 316 Leather, rolls , 28
Bran, sks 53' Qni -ksilver. fliicj -110
Oregon....- \ 1,959 Lumber, M feet.. 120
Middlings, sks... ■' • 354 Flaxseed, sks.... : 33
Hay, ton* „ ! 849 .Washington.... 208
Straw, t0n5...... "n 60 Shorts, Or, sks... 2,500
Butter, ct15...... . 248
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Joseph M. and Eliza K. comerford to Frank W.
and May Patterson, lot on X line of Duncan street,
150 E of Dolores. X 24:1 iy 3 by N 114; $10-
Howard E. and Jean \V. Wright to Albert and
Mary Laiidsber^, lot on NW corner of Union and
Webster streets, W 25 by s 100; f 10.
Klsie A. Un 1 Joseph W. Mayder to William W.
Keduall, lo on N line of Fulton str-et, 106:3 W of
Lyou, W -Zb by N ]37:b; $10
William W. »nd Carrie IT. Rednall to John and
Hannah Brien, same: *10.
Estate of C. H. Sirrbing (by administrators) to
Otto aud Marie Graneist, lot on E line of Mason
Street. 114:7 S of Jackson. S 68:9, E 68:9. N
45:10. E 38:9, N 22:11, W 107:6: $8000.
Helene Strvbing (widow) to same, same; $5.
Michael H. and PutricK J. Bird to Marearet
Joseph, all interea In lot on Sr: line of "'lementina
Street, 455 SW of Fifth, SW 20 by SE 75: also all
lnter-st in the estates of Michael Bird and Mar
garet Joseph, dec. «sed; $10.
Marcdino Joseph to same, all Interest in same;
also all interest in the estate of Margaret Joseph,
deceased: $10.
J. W. McDonald to Patrick Rowland, lots 34 and
35, block 212, O'Nell & Haley Tract: 810.
I'atrick and Bridget Rowland to A. C. Doan,
same; f :o.
Joseph L. and Mary L. Konrad to Sadie F. Fair
fleld, lot on S line of Thirtieth street, 50 W of
Dame, W 24:10 by s 125, lot 50, block 27, Fair
mount Homestead: $10.
Plattßand Alice B. Elderkln to Thomas H.
Lindsay, lot on NW line ot Paris street, 200 SW
of China avenue, 8W -J5 by NW 100 also lot on
N W Hue of Paris street, 22 SW of L'hlna avenue,
S\Vsoby 100: also 101 on NW line of Paris
stre-t. 300 N X of ' razil :>venut\ N E 25 by > A'
100; also lot on sW lin of China avenue. -.25 N W
of lar;s street, \ W ;,() by SW 300: ulso lot on UK
line of Lisbon street, 250 N'K of Persia. NE 50 by
SE 100, p.xceislor Homestead: $10.
Thomas H. Lindsay 10 Louise Kahn, lot on SW
line of China avenue, 25 NW of Paris street, NW
50 by SW 100, bloctc 13, Excelsior Homestead;
also lot ou NWline of Prris street, 200 SW of
China avenue. SW 100 by NW 100, block 18,
same; $10.
Benjamin Healey to Salomon Ducas, lots 15 and
34, block 11, Tract A, People's Homestead Asso
ciation; $10.
Salomon and Emma Ducas to Joseph J. and
Mlza J. Msgee lota 33 »nd 34, block 11, same;
SlO.
John Corridon to Hannah Corndon, all property
to be held in trust for my children: trust deed;
AUKKDA COUNTY.
Alex. Gilson to Alice M. Lockwood. lot on N
line of East Twenty fourth street (formerly Abel),
317.50 E of Nineteenth avenue (,\ntonio street)
E 45, rl 140, W 45, H to beginning, bein? the B
10 feet lot 42, all of lot 41 and W 10 feet of lot 40,
block 81, map of Northern Addition to Brooklyn,
i-uai Oakland; $10.
Oakland Bank of Pavings to E. T. Taylor (ad
ministrator of os.aie of Eton D. Ormsby). lot on E
line of Twenty-third avenue, 160 N of East tour
teeeth street, N 25 by E 150, quitclaim deed, East
Oakland; S5.
Melissa ormsby to Ina B. Ormsby. all interest
in lot on Eltne of Twenty-third avenne. 150 X of
East Fourteenth street, N 25 by E 160. East Oak
land: SlO.
Ina B. (Jrmsby and Edith M. Byron (wife of A.
E.) to Cosmopolitan M. B. and L Association, all
Interest in same, East Oakland; Si oo.
D. and Kate Mengola to Luca and l-.milie L.
Marlcich, lot on E line of Peralta street, 386 S of
Central avenue or West Twelfth street, B 30, E
l'-'3:4Va, N 30:28,4, W 119:8 to beginning, being a
portion of lots 4 and 5, subdivision of the property
01 John Ziegenbeln, Oakland: $10
Edward Campbell to Joanna Campbell, lot on N
line of Thirtieth stree., 161.231/3 W of Telegraph
avenue, W 33:4 by N 140. being the E lt>:8 of lot
43 and W 16:8 feet lot 44, b!oo,< 2035, Rowland
Tract, Oakland ; gut.
Agnes W. and Frederick Clifford to N. E. and
Josephine J. Bengstoti, lot on •■• line of Maiden
lane, 69 :4 Sof Taylor street, S34by E 75, block
695, Oakland ; $10.
Julius and Jennie Rodstonto George Rod sten,
undivided 1-48 interest in lot 23, Clock B, Lands
Oakland View Homestead Association, Oakland;
SlO.
J. A. and Margaret Eastman. Emma J. Ravi,
William Clark and Josephine Hogan (by Sheriff)
to Oakland Loan and Investment Company, lot on
SHne of First avenue, distant NE 160 feet from
point cf Intersection of 8 First with E Summer
street, thence SK 100 by SW 37:6, being portion of
lot 3, Locksler Square. Oakland Township; $1100.
Edward A. Ellsworth to Jesse E. Godley, lot on
S line of Durant street, 134:7 feet W Spruce, E 5
inches, S 80, W 5 inches, N 80 to beginning, being
the W 6 inches of N 80 feet, lot 1, block 10, Berke
ley Villa Association, Berkeley: SB-
Jesse E. Godley to Emma K. Hawley, lot on SW
corner of Durant and Spruce streets, S 8(V by W
134:7. being the N 80 feet of lot 1, block 10, same,
Berkeley: SlO.
Same to Ida M. Hollenbeck, lot on W line of.
Spruce street, 'JOO S of Durant, W 134:7 by s 40,
being the S 40 feet of lot 4, block 10, same, Berke
ley; SlO. .
Builders' Contracts.
1 John Bernou with R. J. Pa vert, to erect a three
story building on N line of cutter street, 162:6 E
of Steiner; $6600; Charles M. Rousseau, archi
tect. - -.
James D. Bailey with Brutcher & Griffith, alter
ations to a two-story frame building on N line of
Franklin street, 55:2V4 S of Washington; $3973;
F. B. Wood, architect. .
George D. and Mary A. Toy and C. a. Benedict
with J.G. Adams, alterations and additions to two
four-story and two three-story buildings on N line
of O'Farrell street, 137:6 W of Powell; $6324;
Herman & Swain, architects.
. ■'- — ■ — • — '-*-^ .
THE CALL CALENDAR.
August, 1896.
8u. Mo. Tu. ; W. Th. 1'r. Sa. Moon's Phases
■ 17 Last Quarter.
__ __ ; __^ _ "4/ August 1.
2 346678«fc •_ New Moon.
W August 8.
» 10 11 12 13 14 15 ~ Flrs . Quarter
~ — '■ — W August 15.
16 17 18 19 20 21 22 — — „ ..
__ 't,^ Full Moon.
„_ — —~ —r \SL/ August 22.
23 24 25 26 27 28 29 —
rr~ '"" ''•' • ~ '"'"•■' Last Quarter.
30 " 31 , I ; Augnst 31 I
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
PTKAMKR |I>K»T1?SATIOX. |;: SATLH. | PIER.
Jarauoa... ulna bay.. Augli, 9am Pier i
4ruo ...... root ««T Augl5.10AM'JMer 13
Emu rvtwoor: ...... Auk15. 9am Pier 11
Weeott Eel River Augla. 6pm Pier 13
Columbia... Portland ...... Auglci.lOAM Pier '2k
Empire..... Oregon ports . Augltt. 6pm Pier 13
Peru........ China it Japan Augl7. 3pm I'M SS
CItyPuebla. Vic A Put ena Aug 17. 9am Pier 9
Santa Rosa. Pan Diego Aur 17 Ham Pier 11
Pomona..... Hum.boldt.Bay Aug 17. 'iru Plpr? ■
City of Par» Panama Aug 18. IV m P M S
Truclte«.... Coos Bay Augl8,ia M Pier 8
Coos Bay.... Kewuon Aug 19. 8AM|Pierll
Arcata Oregon ports Aug 19,10am i Pier 24
Monowm ... Sydney..... „. I Aug 20. 2pm I Oceanic
ABlanctiani Oregon ports.. Au; JO. 6pm i Pier 18
State of Cal. eortiana auc 21.10am I Pier 24
Corona San Diego.. ... i Aug 21.11am i Pier U
STEAMERS TO ARRIVAS.
. Xtkamk.r > I . . . i From 1 ,. .... . . • [ ' Urn ,
Empire.......... Portland . .Aug 14
Weeott.. ...;.... i£ei Klver ..Auk 14
City 01 Para.... Panama..'..; : ..Aug 15
KnntaKoia.. .... J)itiO. „ ..Aug 15
San Benito Tacoma. ..Aug 15
Arcaia Portland .'.Aug 15
Proereso Seattle. ..Angle
Pomona, Hamboia: Bur.. ........ ..Ant 10
San Mateo Comox ................... ..Ang IB
Tmcke»... Coos Bay....... ;... ..Aug 16
Del None ...... GraysHaroor ..^ Auk 17
Coos Bay .."„ Newport . Aug 17
Acapulco. ...... Panama...'..............'. Aug 18
Walla Walla.... ■ Victoria* Pumc. Bound ..Ang 18
State of Ca'..... I Portland..'.'..... .;....... Aug 18
AllcsBlancnan) Portland... ...... ....;„ ..Aug 18
Corona.....'..... San Diego*......... .' Aug 19
Aram) ..'. Coos Bay ..Aug 20
Orizaba Mexico........:..;...'....' ..Aug20
CrcieentCitr... Creaeant UKT-...... Aug 20
Farallon. ....:.. Yaonlna liar ...... ..'..- ..Aug 21
EnreKa......... Newuort ..Aug'21
Queen Victoria*; Pnget Sound ..Ang21
ennol .-.:........ Uravs Har»or,.. - ] . .Au; 21
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
T". f. COAWT AJVO gkodbtio SUKVBr TToif)
Bcxi.KTi!r Published :bt OFTiciAt V
AUTHOBITY OF THK SDPKBISTKSDKST. , ) I.
Friday, August 14.
Sunrises 8.23 Moon rises
Sun seia 7.03 Moon sew 9.54pm
August— lß96.
I Time Feet Time Feet Time Feet Time Feet
g H,W ■■■ I L W I ■■■■-_'' H W| ■■■-■■ JL W ' '^
Ti OB 475 5705 1.9 3.29 1 6.7; iO.VJ^ 077
IB 6.13 4.1 9.61 a.tt '4.17 6> 11.40 T 0.4
16 6.54 3.9 10.47 3.1 5.18 6.9 ...... /....
li'-W H W L v\ H VV
17 0.56 0.0 8.22 4.0 12.00 3.5 6.24 5.9
18 2.05 -0.3 9.30 4.2 ,1,22 '; 3.6 7.30 «.O
19 3.04 -0.6 1 10.V!l 4.0 .2.40 ,3.6 8.34 6.1
20 3.54 —0.7 11.04 4.8 8.44 • 3.3 9.«^ 6.2
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides tbn
early morning tides are Riven in the left band
column, and the snccessive tides «f the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column elves the «econd tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column icives >-he last tide of the day, except
when tbere are but three tides, as sometime*
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes tha
height, and then Ihe number given is subtractlr*
from 'he fl«pth even by the chartn.
HIDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Branch Hyi>»osbaphic Offictb, U. 3. N., ■»
Merchants' Kxchanoe. ■ >
San Francisco. August IS. 1898. .- )
The lime ball on Telesrrapn Hll. was drooped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at I noon of the l'JOtii
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. m., Greenwich time,
, . •A. F. Kechtki.er, . : ,
'.' : "'". Lieutenant L* -. >. inchars-e. '.;
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE
Arrived.
THURSDAY, August 1%
Br stmr Coptic, Sealby, 21\^ days fmm Hong
nong, via 'Yokohama 12 days 12 hours and 4B
mm; i>ass and mdse. to OA o s s Co.
Slmr City of Puebia, Debney, 67^ hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse, to
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Htmr Crescent City, Allen, 36 hours from Cres
cent City; pass and mdse, to Hobbs. Wall <t Co.
i Stmr Donlta, Conwav, 4t> hours from .Santa Bar
bara: producer, to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, 71 hours from Newport
and way ports; pass and mdse. to Goodall. Perkins
<ft Co.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland 18 hours from Monterey,
etc: produce, to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
stmr North Fork, Hansen. '25 hours from Eu
reka ; pass and mdse. to Charles Nelson.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, 45 hours from Yaqulna
Bay and way ports; pass and mdse, to Meyer ct
Akmann.
Nor stmr Peter Jebsen, Hansen, 4 days
from Nanaimo; 4630 tons coal, to John Kosenfeld's
Sons.
Baric Colorado, Jones, 70davs from Port Wallut,
Tumpin: 1447 toni < oal, coke and patent fuel, to
M J Brandensiem & Co.
Schr Lila and Mattle, Lindbridge, t days from
Waldport; I'JO els stavebolts. to Pacific Barrel
Co 15 Mft lumber, to order, Oakland; 3 icis
medical bark, to Jarston.
Schr Ida McKay, Johnson, 7 days from Grays
Harbor; lumber, to S E slmle Lumber Ca
Schr Bailor Boy, Peterson, 7 days from Grays
Harbor; lumber, to S H Harmon Lumber Co.
Schr Antelope. Anderson, 5 days from Coquill*
Kiver; lumber, to order. Oakland direct.
Schr Coqnelle, Pearson, 4^ days from Coqullle
River: 107 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr General Banning, Johannseu, li days from
New Whatcom: lumber, to Belllngbam Bay Imp
Co -
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart. '-'4 hours from Bowens
LundiiiK: 13b eds bark, to Bender Hros.
>-chr Muriel. Carlsen. 'J5 days fro -n Uonoipu;
15,050 ban su«ar, to Williams. Dlmond <fc Co.
>c:ir Noruiau bund, Bick, from fishing cruise;
2000 pounds halibut, to master.
schr Frela, Bernsen, from fishing cruise: 1200
pounds halibut, to master.
Schr Confianza. Weber. 9 days from Nehalem
Kiver: lumber, to 8 H Harmon Lumber Co.
Schr Amethyst. Borland, 8 days from Walds
port: Mft lumber, to T J Golden. Oakland
direct,
Schr Mary Gilbert, Christiansen, t> days from
Coquille River; 126 M ft lumber, to F-- Kronberg.
! Oakland direct. -.-. • - .
Schr Albion. ' Svenson. ■ 8 days from ; Nehalem !
River; 110 M ft lumber, to S H Harmon Lumber
C 0..-; ■■-■ -■-..„■-■ :■ -.-■ ■ ■;-.•.•  ..-,-.. ..
Schr Lily. Bottger, 96 hours from Umpqua Kiver; '
lumber, to Gardiner Mill Co.
■".ieirnl.
THURSDAY, August 13.
; Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka; Goodall, Perkins
I A Co. •-•■.,•.-. -i .■• ■'. . .•-.;•■■.
: *stmr Corona. Hall, San Diego; Goodall. Perkins
&Co.
Bktn 'S : N Castle, Hubbard, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels A Bros Co.
tail©.!. .
 THURSDAY. August 13. .
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefleld. Tacoma.
, Slmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka,
stmr Albion, LunaquSst. Albion.
: Stmr Corona, Hall, S.in Dieso and way ports.
StmrGeo Loomls, Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Noyo, Levinson. Fort Bragg.
' Stmr Westport, Jacobs. '
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, Mendoclno.
Br bark Orion, Croudace. Ipswich.
■ Schr Bobolink. Nelson. Mendocino. • •
Schr Norms. Larsen. Grays Harbor.
. 'leiestr.»i»lnr..
POINT LOBOS. August IS-1U p. m.— Weather
clear, wlna NW: velocity. 20 miiej.
•poitn.
July B— Tat 31 S, long 49 fW, Br bark Wy thop,
from Liveri for Victoria.
Pershr Muriel— July 23— Lat 33 44 N, long 157
27 W, Haw: bark Santiago, from Hllo, for San
Francisco. • . :.
Domestic Port*.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Auc 13— Bktn Tarn
o'Shanter, forOcos: schr San Buenaventura, for
Reaondo; stmr Del Norte, for San Francisco.
. BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Aug 13— Schr
Monterey, for San Francisco. '
ROCKPORT— SaiIed Aug 13— Stmr Scotia, for
Albion. • : ; '
SAN DlEGO— Arrived An* 13— Schr Roy Som
ers. from New Whatcom.
■ Sailed Aug 13-Stinr ; National City, for San
Francisco. • .
ALBION— Aug 13— Stmr Scotia, from
Rock port. . ■
Sailed Aug 13— Schr S Danlelson, for San Fran
cisco. •
BEAR HARBOR— Arrived Ang 13— Stmr La
guna, hence Aug la.
CASPAR— SaiIed Aug 12— Stmr Jewel, for San
Pedro.
ASTORIA— Ang Stmr State of Cali
fornia, hence Aug 11. ■
stalled Ang 11— Schr Ivy, for San Francisco.
i GREENWOOD— SaiIed Aug 13— Stmr : Green
wood, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 12— Sohr Elnorah.
from Eureka.' ~
Sailed Aug 13— Schr Newark, for Bowens Land
ing. ■ ••-'-■■•■
PORT TOWN SEND— Arrived Aug 10— Ger ship
Columbus, from Hongkong.
FORT ROSS— Arrived Aug 13— Schr Etta B,
hence Aug 11. _ ■: - ■ ■'■■.
Sailed Ang 13— Schr Etta B, for San Francisco.
s Eastern Ports,_
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 12-Stmr Allianca,
from Colon. ..
. . ' ,' Foreien Port*.
FLEETWOOD— Arrived Aug 12— ship Sea
farer, hence April 2. - '
BROWHEAD— Passed Auk 12— Br bark Samari
tan, hence April 16, for Queenstown.
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed Aug 12— Br ship Wil
liam Law. hence March 28, tor Grlmsby.
HlOGO— Sailed Aug . 11— Br bark Falkland, for
Royal Roads.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Ang 11-Br bark
Mayfleld.
SWANSEA-Sailed Aug 12— Br ship Os borne. -
for San Francisco. ■
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Aug 12— Br ship Poltalloch
for Portland.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Aug. 7— bark Olenclova,
for Port Los Angeles.
PANAMA— SaiIed Au* 11. for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Aug 11— Stmr City of Rio
de Janeiro, for San Francisco, via Honolulu.
GRANGEMOUTH— SaiIed Aug 11 — Nor ship
Hiawatha, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Aug 12— Br stmr Empress
of China, for Vancouver.
Arrived Aug IS— Br stmr Doric, hence July 21*
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Ang 13— Stmr Phoenicia,
from Hamburg; stmr 'Britannic from Liverpool;
stmr Hlspanla. from Hamburg: stmr Fuerst Bls
marcK, from Hamburg, Southampton and Cher
bourg.
tailed Aug 13— Stmr Augusta Victoria, for Ham
burg. *.-■ i .
PLYMOUTH— Arrived out Aug 13— Stmr Nor
man la. ■ •
BREMERHAVEN— Arrived out Ang 13— Stmr
Latin.
ROTTERDAM-Arrived out Aug 12-Stmr
W erkendam.
HAMBURG— Arrived out Ang 18— Stmr Pala
tia.
GENOA— Sailed Aug 13-Stmr Ems, for New
York.
LONDON- Arrived out Aug 13— Stmr Mohawk.
Sailed Aug 18— Stmr Mississippi, for New York.
BOULOGNE— Arrived out Aug 18— stmr Am
sterdam.
Sailed Aug 13— Stmr Spaarndam, for New York.
LEWIS ISLAND— Passed Aug 13-Stmr Geor
gia, from New York, for Gothenburg, Copenhagen
and Stettin.
' Importation «.
CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City— l 26 bxs
34 kegs 12 tierces butter. 1 9 pkgs sundries, 3cs
type, 74 bdls hides and pelts, — M ft lumber.
LOMPOC LANDING— Per ' Bonlia— 21 empty
barrels, 2cs baraware, *i' mower wheel, 1 cs dry
goods, 12 cs honey, 9 bis seaweed, 2 bbla 2 cs
empty bottles.
San Lifts Obispo— l67B sks barley, 32 ska flax
seed.
Steeles— 2s34 sks barley, 245 sks wheat.
- Arroyo Grande— B9o sks beans. .
Los Olivos— 234 sks barley, 56 hogs.
. Nipoma— 405 sks oats, 14 18 sks barley, 64 - sks
wheat. ' : -. ' ■•■••
--. Los Alamos— 3lo sks barley.
EUREKA— Per North Fork— l ca shoes, 12 sks
glut-stock, 37 bxs seed, 83 bis 1 sk wool. 58 pkgs
tents, 1 bx butter, 1 . saw, 16 cs groceries, 1 roll
packing. 152 Mit lumber, 2247 M shingles, 165
M shakes.
YAQUINA BAY— Farallon— l3l2 qr-sks
100 hf-sKs flour, 616 sks bark, 112 tons stone, 2
coops chickens. 1 ca cheese. 17 cs eggs, 56 eds
stavebolts. 4cs shoes. 24 b.ils hides, V bis moss. 2
bbls beer, 1 cs canned goods.
Coos Bay— 3 bis woolens. •■-<••• •
Cheteo— l3 kegs butter, 4 bdls hides.
- Eureka— l cs dry goods. 4 kegs butter, 3ca hats,
400 head sheep. ; a iSMmi>aßMl
MONTEREY— Per Gipsy— 67 empty barrels, 8
bxs cheese, 1 cs lard, 42 sks dried squids, 1 bdl dry
calf hides, 2 bdls dry hides, - 1 bdl dry pelts, 8 cs
comb honey, 50 bxs apples, 3 bDls crackers, 1
boat and lite preserver.
Moss Landing— l -bx butter,- 1 coop chickens, 1
cs tobacco, 1 cs eggs. 168 sks potatoes.
Watsonville via P V Ry-8 bbls red oatt, Ibx
dry goods, 43 sks peas, 5U7 sks oats.
Sallnas-1042 sks barley, 813 chevalier barley, 1
bbl empty bottles. - •
Moro Cojo— 63l sks potatoes.
Santa Cruz —74 empty barrels, 1 bx butter, 4 cs
cheese, 1 bx fresh fish, 1 cs specimens, 33 bxs
pears, 10. bales sole leather, 7 rolls leather, 600
bbls lime. :.■■■■■■
••.= EAST SAN PEDRO— Per Eureka— so cs canned
goods, 19 ikes mdse, : ■ .. , :
- Los Angeles via East San Pedro— ll pkgs mdse.
Hueneme— lll pkgs mdse. *
Ventura— 3l3 sks beans, 35 bxs lemons, 1 bz
baking powder. 1 bdl dry hides, 306 sks dried fruit,
1 pkg mdse, 2 sks coir.
Carpinterla— l4 sks crawfish.
Port Harford— l4 bxs fish, 38 sks abatone shells,
12 bbls mineral water, 96 pkgs mdse. lea cigars,
42 bdls green hides, 7 bdls dry pelts, 6 bxs fisn, 8
sks crawfish.
1 • -aviota— 3 sks wool, 8 dry hides, 35 sks crawfish
4 bxs fish. 21 bdls dry fish. . I' iMiHWI |,m»«
•PC Ry stations— 9 pkgs mdse, >29 bxs butter, 21
cs eggs, 12 bxs green pears, 2 dressed calves.
; .-an Luis Obispo— 2o3 sks barley. .
Steeles— 696 sks barley.
Nlpomo— l6B9 sks barley, 316 sks beans.
Santa Maria— 3oo sks oats, 374 sks wheat. ■
Cavucos— 3lo sks barley, Bl pkgs mdse, Bcs eggs,
1 dressed calf. '
San Hmeon— l firkin - 2 tubs 8% bxs butter, 1
coop chickens, 6' cs eggs, 4 pkgs mase, 1 bdl dry
hides. • -. > . i • ■
UMPQUA— Per Lily— 3 bxs seed, 6 rolls leather.
164 bis wool. 17 bxs butter, 4 bdls hides, 288,973
ft lumber. 4 bxs cheese. .■■_■• ■
HONGKONG— Per Coptic— 6so pkgs coffee, 94
pkgs gunnies, 2343 pkgs matting, 46 pkgs silK
goods, 52 parcels, 1946 pkgs tin, 2600 pkgs sugar,
bO pkg^ fish and fowl, 1137 pkgs sulphur, 291 pkgs
curios. 670 pkgs oil, 8531 pkg» tea, 1393 pugs
rice, i.941 pkgs mdse. .
. For ' overland— s33 pkgs matting. 32 ' pkgs silk
goods, 813 pkgs curios. 49 pkgs : raw silk, 19,784
pk«s tea, 3i9 pkgs mdss. - , . :
- For Central and ) South America— l o pkgs mat
ting, 28 pkgs silk goods, 197 pkgs mdse.
VICTORIA— City of Puebia— 4B pks curios,
26 chests shellac, 100 cs gin, "J cs mdse, 190 sks
ore. ■ v^f**S*Hßp
Roche Harbor— 2ooo bbls lime.
r Port Townsend— kegs W nails, 11 cse mdse,
half bb: fish, 3 pkgs express. 1 sk coin.
Seattle — bdls hides, 27 bdls dry. bides, 1 cs
books. 1 cs dry goods, 129 cs mdse, 26 sks salt
pork, 3cs clothing, 12 bxs fish, 4 bxs salmon, 14
bxs halibut; 959 tons coal, 13 pkes express.
' Seattle G N j*y— 4 cs mdse. 12 bxs seed, 250 sks
flour. >-■./ <t : '■;■■ ; 7 ■■ ■■■■.■ '■.-.-■'. • •->■-.
_■ West of Fargo via Tacoma— so sks wool,' 1600
half-4ks flour, 560 sks 1.0, 2UB sks flax. 42 sks
wheat, 37 cs mdse. ;
East of Fargo via Tacoma— pkgs furniture, 1
cs mdse, 660 bxs starch, 50 crates do, 5 bbls do.
Tacoma 6 cs mdse, 800 b?rs bullion.
' Everett— B bxs ; nails,- 700 : bars bullion, 75 rolls
paper. 87 bdls do, 4cs mdse ' • ■■
... New Whatcom— l os mdse, 2 pkg express.
Vancouver ex-C P Ry— lo ca cigarettes, 41 cs to
brcco, 17 cs oil cloth, 251 bus do, 27 cs boots and
shoes, 6 cs mdse, 3cs ■ underwear, 9 cs dry goods
3cs hosiery. 2cs hats. '•:. . '...
- Per crescent City— Sherry, Avllla A Co; Dodge
Sweeny & Co: | C is Whitney A Co; Hilmer Bred
luff and FBHaight: O Smith A Co-
Wltzel & Baker; Martin Feusier; J 11 Nickel- S
Brew Co-. American Press A ssn; \V B sumner
A Co; Hobbs, Wall & Co.
: , ' ■ v. C«»>i«ijrne»«. ,
Per Coptic- A" Schilling & - Co; Blanchard &
Page; Comd officer U S stmr Charleston; Frank B
Peterson & Co; Goldberg, Bowen & CO: I Hooper &
Jennings: Kate X stove; Lievere. Frteke & Co-
Marshal, Burns A Co; W J Tuska; S Takahama-
Cal & Japan Trading Co; Wells, Fargo <& Co- A C
Robiuson: cToohy; Danl' Meyer; F A Wheeler •
H Levi & Co; Ide & Co; London, Paris & Ameri
can Bank; M' ; Ohibata; Slacondry : Bros & L-
McLaren & Co: AugloCal Bank; Parrott & Co'-
Fuji l Co: Win P Lewis; If J Brandenstein A Co :
0 ; Hinsberg; 1 Easton & Schwartz; F; A Folger ;
Haai Bros; : J «J;>eig«rlea <fe Co; London & S V
Bank; Jlacondry & Co; Rob: B Bain: Bank of ±-r
North" America:; W;«fcJ»ioane <t Co; ;\\ ellmun,
Peck & Co: Chinese Merchants & Order ' ■ •
:.- Per Farallon— J ■; P Thomas: ! C J ■ Lelst & Co;
Wolf <fc sons; H Datard ; t W 1. Price <fe Co; S H
Hammer: (.has Jacobsou & Co; J D McGilvray &
Co; McPhee&Co; HH iiogan: X R Stevens &
Co: H H saltier <fc Co; A H Cook; StauffVr 4 Co;
J C Bauer; Germanla F Co: W B .Sumner Co;
Cahn, Nickelsburg A Co; Pac W ! W C i Co; • Stan
dard Oil Co; Bandon - ; Woolen Mills; Do.ige,
Sweeney A Co; S H ; Frank A Co; Lachman A
Jacobi; Schweitzer A Co; LP Degan; X A Lund-
Strom ; J G Johnson.
Per North Fork— Cahn, NiPkelsburg A Co; Cal
Glue Works: Cox Seed and P. ant Co; Hu:me <fe
J.art; Pacific Press Pub Co: Revere Rubber Co;
Tillmann <fc Bendel; Simond Saw Co; Nonon,
Teller* Co; Wellman, Peck & Co; Chas Nelson.
Per Eureka— Tildnian & Benael; R t> Owen; 1,
Fleishman; C X Whltoey A Co; John Weiland's
Brewing Co: Enterprise Brewery: Cal Wine Asm;
National Brewery; J X Armsby A Co; J Harris;
Allen <fc Lewis; scliiling A c o; Porter Bros <fe ( o;
RSudeen: A Prtladlni: Amer Union Fisli Co: H
Clifton; Chas Teczen; W Love A Co; Brown Dis
tillery Co; Biss'iigerA Co; Milainl A Co; H F
Allen: G I'aniHlioiia; M T Freitas; M s Simaj;
Cirlsiy A Wise: J H Cain A Co; H Dutarrt; c a i
Bottling Co; Dairyman's Union : Getz Bros A Co;
Uriicliain, ,oppe A Co; Er. anger A Galinger;
Marshall A Co; Witzel A Baker; Russ. Sanders
4 Co; D IS Ahtson A Co; Labor Exchange- West
ern Meat Market; Norton, Teller A Co. Ch ca K o
Brewery; Hnslieimer Kros: S Silverberg; Baker
A Hamilton: Standard Oil Co; C Montgomery; c
H Burr: De Bernardi A Co; L D Stone <fc Co; H N
Tilden- Hill Bros; Marshall, Teggert A Co; O B
Smith; W BSumner; \V W Montascue.
Per City of Puebia— Charles Meinicke A Co;
Selby Sme.ting and Lead Co; order: H T Holmes
Lime Co; J D French; S F Chemical Works:
Wella, Faruo A Co; Bisainger A Co; >on Bros .te
Co: hredericksburg Brewery; Getz Bros A Co;
John Wieland: Levi Strauss A <o: J X Arrasby
dt Co: Lowenberg A Co; Mandel, X A Co; Ihe Fi
deli.y and Casualty Co; W B Sumner rtr 1 o;
American Union Fish Co; Duff A Co;. Mi. »ni A Co;
WGiiiinou: uregon improvement Co; Western
Union Telegraph co: Bancroft, Whitney & Co; X
J Bowen: H W .Higgiiis; A H Frice; U H How
aril- li C Porter & Co; HDutard; Kowalsky A
Co: M O'Brien; S Suft'r ites; A C riawksworth; U
FWeberACo; Paul P Bernhan A Co; Tiliman A
Bendel: A Jacobsen; A L Bryan shoe Co; C Carpy
A Co: Purscn A Weiner: Dunham, Carrigan A
Hayden Co; W G Richardson; Pacific Postal tele
graph Co; American Tobacco Co; Alfred Wan;
Ames A Harris; Buckingham A Hecht; Coghill A
Kohn; C S Kechheimer; F N Marden A Co; Haas
Bros; MlchaJitschke Hros A Co; iiurphy, Grant A
Co: Trient A Co; W H Smiley.
P«»r Bor.lt a- H Dutard: J P Thomas: D E Alli
son A Co: Sinsheimer Bros: Jonas Erlanger A Co;
Bassett A Bunker; S P Milling co; standard Oil
C.; W W Montague A Co: D M Osborne A Co;
New burg, Reiss A Co: Baker A Hamilton; C
Jacobsen A Co.
Per Gipsy— Arctic Oil Works; Standard Oil Co;
W P Fuller A Co; California Bottling Co; Union
Ice Co: C Carpey A Co; Lewis Rickle Co; Getz
Bros A Co; D B HalghtACo; WMltchel: Wm
Cluff A Co; Hulme A Hart; Major A Eldrtdge; W
C Price <fc Co; Goodall, Perkius A Co: H .Toost:
Murray A Steinhagen: Jonas Erlanger A Co;
Wolf A Sons; Johnson l.ocke Mer Co; HDutard;
J X spring; a W tmk: Galii Fruit Co; Kessiug
A Co; Krou Tanning Co; H Gowell A Co.
Per Lily— E J Bowen A Co; W BSumner A Co;
Dodge, Sweeney A Co; Gardiner Mill Co; J C John
son.
for Late Shipping Intelligence. .S>* fourteenth fnzr.
OCEAN TRAVEL,.
ASTORIA AIPOBTLANtt
$6 Second Class, $12 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTH i INCLUDED.
Columbia sails.. Aug. 16, 26, Sept. 5, 16, 25
Biate of California ga115..;.........
........Aug. 21, 31, Sept. 10, 20, 80
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier '.'4) at 10 a. *.
GOODALL, PERKINS <fc CO., Genl. Supts.
£*. V. CONNOR, General Agent,
'■.- -.. ■ 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPAIT
QTEAMERS WILL SAIL FHOM jOrA-
O Broadway wharf, San Francisco, aiSHES
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlng-, Wrangel, Junean, Kil-
lisnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Sept. 11, 26.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wi auom (Bellinsham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
Aug. 2, 7, 12, 17. 2J, 27, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R. f at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with O.
N. By.; at Port townsend with Alaska steamers.
- For Kureka, Arca'a and. Fields Landing (Hum-
boltlt Bay) sir. Pomona 2 p. m., Aug. 1, 6. 9. 13,
17, 21, 25, 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Geviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, ban Pedro, East Sa:i
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m. Au-
gust 3, 7, 11, 15, 19. 23, 27, 31 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For san Dieso. stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
j-eles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M. A ngust 1. 5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 26, 29 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Faz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. if. Angus: 27, and 25th of each month there-
after.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALL, PERKINS <t CO., Gen'l Agents,
- 10 Market St., San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ - days TO .
HAWAII, SAMOA, fin. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND. I »v
AUSTRALIA. \J S.S.AUSTRALIA.
S. S. ''MONO WAI sails Via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, August 20.
at 2 p. M.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Sntur
day. August 29, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Anst., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco.
COIPAGIIE GEHERAL TRAJSATLASTIQUB
French Lin* to Havr«.
r<OM PAN Y'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH A,f>
\J River, foot of Morton st- Travelers by ■SS&JNt
this line avoid both transit by English railway a.i 1
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. I New Yonc to Alexandria, Egypt, via Purl*
nrt>t-ciaas $160: second-class, 110.
LAGASCOUNE ..Aug. 22, 9 A. M.
LA BBKTA«"<K: ..August 29. 3 A. M.
LA BOURGOGNE ....Sept. 6, 9*, U.
LA NORMANDIB Sept. 12 6a.
LATOURAINE..... Sept. 19, 7 a. M.
tBT for futther particulars apply to
A.FOBGKT, Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green, Xe-.v York.
: J. F. FUGAZI CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
venue, San Francisco,
WHITE JSTAR HUE.
United States and Royal Mall Steamers
BETWEEN
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILING KVKKV WKKK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- >*■*•»
ins to steamer and accommodation* m&SSmb
selected; second cabin, $>_ oo andK4/. 0; Majt-^ic
and Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland. Sweden. Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates.. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be 'procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mall Dock, or at the
General Olfice of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. 0. . W. FLETCHER.
General Agent for Pacific Coast.
FLIIT & CCS
PACIFIC COAST CLIPPER LII7B
For San Francisco and All Pacific Coast
Ports.
FROM NEW YORK:
Th« Al Clipper Ship... ...;;..WM. H. MACT
:. A mesbury, Master.
'..: : 1 FROM PHILADELPHIA:
The Al Clipper Ship A. J. FULLKB
Colcord, Master.
Insurance effected at lowest rates.
'For. freight apply to FLINT A CO., 68 Broad
Street. New York. ■ ■*-/. ' „
Consignees In Ban Francisco: 3. F. CHAPMAN
A CO., 22 California street. '
ROUND THE W©RLD.|Hy^
A SELECT PARTY, ACCOMPANIED BY A
gentleman of many years 'experience in round-
the-world travel and thoroughly conversant with all
countries visited, will leave Vancouver September
14. For itinerary, etc., apply ,
THOS. COOK & SON.,
621 Market Street, San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS ■•; LEAVE ASPINWALL /MRi
fortnightly for the West Indies and «hM
Southampton, calling -en . route •at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, In connection with th«
. Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. ' First class, $195; third
class, $97 50, For further particulars apply to
PARROTT A CO., Agents,
SOB Cnll'nrniailU
: STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 6 P. 31, Daily. ' Freight received up
.' to >::i) P. .»!..
iff Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
- bTIIAMUKs:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters.
Mary, Garratt, ,. City of Stockton.
■ ■ Telephone Main 805.' Cai. Kav. and Impu Co
U.S. lATY-YARD. MARE ISL4SD, YALLEJO,
*Beniria, *P»rt Costa, •('rufkett and "Valona.
STR.' MONTICELLO, :
Daily 10:30 a. m., 4:00 p. it. (Saturdays **10:3 l)
■f. M.), 3:30 p.m. Sundays 8 p. m. only. Offices
and landing. Pier 2, Mission St. Telephone Black
261. HATCH BROS.
' . * 4 and Bp. m. trips only.
•- ■ *» Ejccursion trip. ■ Gives 5 hours at Navy-yard.
FOR m JOaE, <UT OS & SASTA CRI'Z
STEAMER LEAVES PIER 1 DAILT
O at 10a.m. (Sundays excepted}; Alvlso daily at
7p.. K. - (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pas-
senger. , Fare between San Francisco and AlvUo,
60c; to San Jose. 75c. Clay St., Pier 1. 20 W.
iftßta ClMftJWSan Joiv "GLAD NOW SHE
WENT TO JAIL
Caused Sympathy and Won
Mary Herbst a
Husband.
HER COTTAGE IS TO LET
And She Is Now Mistress in
the Home of a
Capitalist.
IDYL OF A SIGNAL BOX.
John Henninger Marries the Woman
Who Severely Beat a Railroad
F agman.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Aug. 13. )
Mrs. Mary Her bat now rejoices that she
spent a few hours in prison for beating a
Mrs. Mary Herbst, Who Was Arrested for Beating a Flagman Who She Declared
Insulted. tier She Has Just Married an Aged Capitalist Whom She Would
Never Have Met but for Her Adveutnrc in a Signal-House.
f-'outhern Pacific flagman who, she says, !
insulted her. It was the cause that led to j
her marriage a couple of days ago to a j
comparatively wealthy man.
Less than two months ago Mrs. Herbst
lived in a cottage near the signal-box at
Seventh and Fallon streets. It is just at
this point that the Seventh-street trestle
begins, and at that time a flagman named
Haisey was ou duty there to flag the
trains. Mrs. Herbst gave the flagman a
severe beating one night and he had Her
srre&t ed for assault with a deadly weapon.
■Mr-. Herbst retaliated by petitioning the
City Council to order the shanty off the
stree: so that Haisey would have to walk
many additional miles in the course of a
year to and from his signal.
Mrs. Herat's case cameupin the Police
Court, and was postponed to give Haisey
a chance to get repaired at Fabiola Hos
pital. It has not been disposed of, and
the secret came out when a marriage
license was applied for by John A. Hen
nineer to wed Mary Herbst.
When Mrs. Herbst's troubles were
made public, the old capitalist's sympathy
was aroused. He decided to see how a
woman such as Mrs. Herbst was pictured
as being could be guilty of one-half the
cruelty attributed to her. His investiga
tion confirmed his belief that the lady
was maligned, and his sympathy was
quickJy followed by something even more
tender. When it became known that the |
lady Had a protector, there was no more
trouble with the occupants of the signal
box. The flagmen noted the increase in ;
the number and length of the old capital- j
ist's visits, and when the sign "To Let" j
was recently posted in the cottage win
dow, they guessed the rest.
The whole trouble began over the disap- ;
pearance of some kindling wood from the |
signal-box, and Haisey expressed the [
opinion that Mrs. Herbst knew where it j
went. This was deniad, and one night j
Mrs. Herbst went to the cabin and cxc- I
cuted summary revenge on Haisey. As
many of the neighbors thought he de
served it as pitied bin.'.
Henninger gave his age as 63, while
Mrs. Herbst is but 35 and does not even
appear so old. He is the owner of consid
erable property in this city and he also
owns houses and land at Vallejo and Be
nicia. He is rated as a capitalist and re
sides on Seventh street, near Market.
A flagman named Stanton, who was on
duty this afternoon, said that it was re
ported that Henninger had paid off the ■
mortgage on his wife's home and deeded I
to her some valuable property before the j
marriage. If such be the case the deeds ]
have not been placed on record. Mrs. !
Herbst was formerly the wife of a wealthy I
contractor, from whom she was divorced, j
Wanted Sound Money.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 13.— M. F. E.
Harms, a grocer of Twenty-third street
and Telegraph avenue, filed a petition of j
insolvency to-day. His liabilities are j
$1508 39, most of which he owes to San ;
Francisco merchants. His Oakland cred
itors'are: Farmers' Fruit and Produce
Company, $525; Olympia, Garcia <fe Woods,
$12 25; Theodore Harms, $450 borrowed
money; Grand Central Market, $10 49;
Walter Meese, $4 75; Oakland Fruit and
Produce Company, $13 31; James White,
$12 50 ; J. C. WestphaJ & Co., $105 05. His
assets are stock of groceries valued at |
$400, fixtures at $150, horse and wa^on at
$50. ana book accounts at $563 31, or total
assets of $1163 31.
Xo Receive Reports.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 13.— The "Wash
ington '96" echo meeting of the Oakland
City Christian Endeavor Union will be
hei'i to-morrow (Friday) evening at the
First Presbyterian Church. Chief of
Police Lloyd will conduct the music and j
Miss E. Mac Morns, who played the large j
pipe organ at the opening of the Califor
nia building at the World's Fair, will play
the organ. The speaKers for the evening
are Rev. William Rader and Dr. Robert
F. Coyle. S. W. Condon, president of the
County Union, will speak on behalf of the
"Committee of '97," which has charge of
the arrangements of the convention in
Ban Francisco next year.
For a Kew Depot.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 13.— The Cali
fornia Jockey Club has filed the written
consent of Margaret Nee to permit them
to sublet a portion of the Wiard Tract to
the Southern Pacific, to be used as a depot
site. They shall be allowed to maintain
suitable railroad tracks and switches, but
no saloon, hotel or store will be allowed.
The Register Completed.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 13.— The lady
typewriters who have been working upon
the great register for the past two days
completed their labors at an early hour
this afternoon. They were compared as
: rapidly as a precinct was finished. Then
the Misses Carpenter and Mitchell, two
of the County Clerk's regular deputies,
bound them.
To-morrow the register will be certified
by County Clerk Jordon and delivered
to the precinct judges for the primary
election to be held Saturday.
ARRESTED ON AN ATTACHMENT
Frank Attello Accused of Maltreating
a Nine-Yoar-Old Child.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 13.— Frank At
tello was arrested upon an attachment
to-day issued by Judge Wood in the Po
lice Court this morning. He was out on
ass bail and forfeited it. He is charged
with battery upon a nine-year-old daugh
ter of Mrs. Anna Baccilieriof 1008 Twenty
first street.
Mrs. Baccilieri keeps a few boarders,
among whom is Attello. She says the
latter has been very overbearing to herself
and daughter Treasa for some time past.
Last Saturday Attello slapped Treasa in
the face, at which she told him to mind
his own business, as he was not her boss.
He made a rush for her and she ran into a
room occupied by Miss Juno Bertalane
and locked the door. He kicked in the
door, knocked the child down and kicked
her body and lower limbs until she was
nearly unconscious.
The girl's body is a mass of black and
blue discolorations, showing where the
heavy boot had struck her and bearing
out her mother's statements. He was re
leased upon giving $100 bail to-night.
DENIAL PROM VETERANS
The Army and Navy Republican
League Listens to Addresses
From Ladies.
Charges in a Populist Organ De
nounced as Base and Truthless
Calumnies.
Oakland Office Ran Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Aug. 13. f
The Army and Navy League held a
meeting to-night and the large hall on
Eienth street was packed to the doors.
Judge McElroy presided and addresses
were made by Miss Addie Ballou, Senator
Carpenter and Mrs. Sarah C. Borland.
Senator Eli Denison presented the league
with poi traits of the Republican Presi
dential candidates and was accorded 8
rising vote of thanks.
The following resolutions were read and
adopted unanimously:
Whereas, The Army and Navy Republican
League is a body ol citizens, formerly Union
soldiers and sailors, organized upon that basis
and upon the common belief that the Repub
lican party is best qualified to administer
the Government, whtca our members on land
and sea helped to gave; and such citizens,
whose loyalty has been proved in the service
and in battle, have at least as good right as
others to form peaceful organizations as citi
zens under the protection of our common
Government; and, whereas, a PopulUt publi
cation, miscalled Industry, has falsely and
malignantly libeled this body of ex-soldiers
and sailors of the Union by sayinc that they
will "concoct schemes and dispatch hired
emissaries," nnd that "money will be lavishly
spent," and "young men of AlaraedaJCounty,
snuu the portals of thid hive of corruption;
look upon it as you would a leprous body,"
and more of the same sort.
Resolved, That the Army and Navy Republi
can League of Ale.meda County brands the
above and all such language as a malicious
lie, inspired by political and personal degra
dation unworthy of any party, characteristic
of only the basest and most debauched publi
cation and of the lowest and most polluted
mind, whose "industry" is libel, malignity
and defamation;
Resolved, That no party worthy of the con
sideration of true Americans will tolerate or
support such a puDiication, and that we call
upon the Pcpuiist party of Alameda County to
disavow and condemn the libelous and ma
lignant language above referred to, and to
cease supporting libel or sustaining libelers,
and that we ast all good citizens, irrespective
of t>arty, to shun a publication whose "indus
try" is to attempt to blajken the record and
name of loyal men who survive the battles of
their country and of yours, and are only par
ticipating in its peaceful government as all
free, upright and honest citizens have the
right to do.
Professor Wilkie sang two patriotic
songs, and the meeting closed with the
oinginz of "America" and three cheeis for
McKiniey and Hobart.
HISTORY OF A WAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Short Chapters.
A debate on the money question between
| Congressman James Magulreand Colonel John
Irish will be given in the Macdonough Theater
August 20 under the auspices of the Catholic
Ladies' Aid Society.
Fulton Bhephard, a 17-year-old lnd living at
3225 Briggs avenue, is to receive the Humane
Society's medal for bravery. Although he is
a cripple, he jumped into the Tiaal Canal and
saved the life of Willie Durant.
F. Boegle has filed an affidavit upon an ap
plication to have H. N. Glenn and F. W. Saw
j yer cited for contempt in prosecuting an
| actiou against the petitioner subsequent to his
j filing a petition In insolvency, and an order
staying such proceeding in the Justice Court.
The motion of J. H. Smith for a new trial
against P. F. Benson, executor of the will of
the late Phillip Boogar, which was to have
been argued this morning before Judge
Greene, was continued until to-morrow. Smith
sued for $1200 for legal services and was al-
Jowed $500.
Captain James Wilson died yesterday after
noon at his residence on University avenue,
Berkeley. The deceased was a retired sea
captain, and had made his home in Berkeley
for the last tweuty-nine years. The funeral
will take place to-morrow at 2p. m. from the
family residence.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1896.
SILVER MEN AT
WAR ON DAGGETT.
Alameda Democrats Dis
cover a New Casus
Belli.
GARRITY FOR CONGRESS.
He May Be Put Up in Opposi
tion to Warren B.
English.
CAMPAIGN FUNDS ARE SHORT.
The Foote-English Wing Declare the
State Central Committee to Be
Bankrupt.
Oakland Office Saw Fbancisoo Caix,)
908 Broadway, Aug. IS. j
The local Democracy Is now more at
sea than it was during the bitter struggle
between the Foote and Daggett factions
at the primaries two months ago. The
additional complication is caused by the
injection into the arena of a separate sil
ver party.
The failure to indorse the Cleveland
regime at Chicago has placed the admin
istration Democrats in a most uncomfort
able position, and the local silver wing,
headed by Foote, English and Momtt, are
already taking every advantage of it and
attempting to complete the discomfiture
of Daggett, Irish and Fitzgerald.
The next test of strength will be at the
Democratic Convention to nominate a
Congressman for the Third District.
There is no possibility of the indorsement
of the Populist candidate, whoever he
may be, and the Daggett and Foote fac
tions will each try to nominate their man.
Warren B. English is the man that will
be put forward by the Foote-Laymance
wing and it is said, though the statement
has a string to it, that the Daggett-Fitz
gerald people would like T. F. Garrity to
have the nomination. Garrity was the
Democratic nominee for District Attorney
two years ago and was only narrowly
beaten by the Republican candidate. He
and English, with their respectivewback
ings, wouid about eveuly divide the party
in Alameda County.
The Foote-English element is more hope
ful than before the National Convention.
They declare that the State Central
Committee is controlled by Daggett, Mc-
Coppin, Max Popper and other gold men,
and that they cannot make much of a
vigorous campaign on a platform to which
they are opposed. It is stated that the
people who usually contribute to the
State and National campaign have with
drawn their support and that the Demo
cratic State Central Committee is bank
rupt and too severely crippled to hope to
accomplish much.
The silver wine of the Democracy, most
of whom live in Alameda County, are
doing all in their power to destroy the in
fluence of Daggett and his followers, and
are calling the Silver party men to their
aid. From the present outlook it would
seem that the Silver party men of this
county and the Foote wing of the Democ
racy have already allied for offensive and
defensive purposes.
"The Daggett Democrats are feeling
very uneasy," said a silver leader to-day.
"Tne State Central Committee had been
expecting that Mr. Lane would contribute
at least $20,000 to the campaign fund, but
in this they were grievously disappointed.
Instead of giving tnem anything, he set
about the organization of a straight Silver
State Committee, and the hopes of the
Dagpett men fell flat.
"Dagsett has already taken a hand m
the Congressional fight in Alameda
County, and it was reported to-day that
he had telegraphed to Robert Fitzgerald
to return from his Eastern tour as soon as
possible, and look after the Alameda
County end of the fight"
The Democrats will not hold a primary
for the Congressional Convention, but the
same delegates elected for the last State
Convention will go to Vallejo September
3 to nominate a Congressman.
ENDED A HAND LIFE.
Jameft B. Peek Commits Snicide in Hit
Home in North Oakland.
OAKLAND. Cal., Aug. 13.— James R.
Peck, a poultry merchant at Twenty-second
DOCTORS DECLARE THIS EOY REALLY EATS GLASS,
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 13.— Willie Leary, who has been eating glass at the expo
sition, has been withdrawn by the management. His performances have caused
many women to faint at the sight of a lad devouring lamp-chimneys. After eating
tumblers brought by a committee, Drs. O. D. Hamlin, M. L. Johnson, John L.
Kitchinge). J. P. Dunn, D. D. Crowley and W. H. Blood gaie him a certificate that
he is not a "fakir." They also experimented with him under the X-ray, bat only
met with indifferent success.
and Market streets, took his life with a re
volver early this morning.
He lived with his wife and his son-in
law at 770 Nineteenth street. He arose
this morning and went into the basement
while his wife was preparing breakfast.
She heard the shot, and on going down
stairs she saw her husband sitting in a
chair gasping. In his lap was a revolver.
He had shot himself through the heart
and died two minutes later.
The deceased was employed by Tubba*
Rope Company for over twenty years.
He was discharged about a year ago, when
the factory decreased its staff. A . few
montns ago he went into the poultry busi
ness, but the profits were very small ana
Peck was disheartened. A few days ago
he remarked to his partner that "life was
hard and not worth living."
He was 52 years old and leaves tiro mar
ried daughters.
IRISH SONG AND STORY.
Women JVriters and Hibernian Socie
ties Will Share the Exposition
for a Day.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 13.— The Irish
societies will hold full sway at the exposi
tion to-morrow (Friday) night. The fol
lowing programme of Irish literature and
song has been prepared under the direc
tion of Edmund Taylor:
Exposition bana; iketch, "Ten Minutes In
Ireland" (by request), Mm. Edmund Taylor;
ptano solo, "Believe Me, If All Those Endear
ing Young Charms" (with variations), Mrs.
Belle Chamberlain; soprano solo, (o) "The
Last Rose of Summer," (b) "The Low-backed
Car," Miss Mary S. Sullivan; recitation, (a)
"Shandon Bells," (6) "Tit for Tat." Miss Eliza
beth Finch Bartlett; harp, 'The Harp That
Once Thro' Tara's Halls" (with varia
tions), Miss Mary L. Kimball; tenor solo,
"The Minstrel Boy," Thomas J. Walsh;
■elections, Exposition band; violin solo, "Irish
Fantasle," Dr. Eugene Colby; lightning drill,
by Mr. N. L. Taggart, late of the Royal Irish
Rifles; contralto solo (a) (Gssllc), "The Bong
of Sorrow," (6) "Kathleen Mavourneen," Miss
Grace Carroll ; recitation,"The Courtship of the
Widow," Miss Elizabeth Finch Bartlett; harp,
medley of Irish airs. Miss Mary L. Kimbail;
finale, "America," Exposition band; accom
panist, Miss Belle Chamberlain.
The Writers' Association will have
charge of the afternoon programme on
Friday. Mrs. Emma S. Marshall will read
a paper on "California Literature;" Joa
guin Miller will talk about "The Size of
Dollars," and Miss Adeline Knapp will
discourse on "Our Heritage of Words."
EXORCISING THE DEVIL,
According to the Ancient Meth
ods Devised by Con
fucius.
He Is to Be Sent by Way of the Tidal
Canal— Board of Equalization
Holds a Short Session.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 13.— The Chinese
population of the city is making due prep
aration for the driving out of his satanic
majesty from the peninsula. It appears
that this gentleman has powers of locomo
tion and is susceptible to the exorcisms of
his subjects. They will therefore congre-
I gate at the tidal canal to-morrow and Sat
urday and Sunday and by public proces
sions, josh sticks and exhortations induce
him to leave the confines of Alameda
until at least the Presidential campaign is
over.
Board of Equalization.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 13.— Being Ala
meaa aay at the exposition the Board of
Eoualization held but a short session.
Herman Driest's application of yesterday
was reconsidered and his application de
nied. The application of Frank Lombard
tor reduction was denied, as was Martia
Donahue's. The application of Yerba
Buena Building Association for reduction
on property of J. H. Jones was denied. E.
F. Ray's application received similar treat
ment and the franchises of the A., O. and
F. Railway Company were kept at the fig
ures of the Assessor. The Alameda Build
ing and Loan Association was cited to
show cause on Mouday why its mortgage
on property assessed to W. P. Clark's es
tate and sold to O. S. Mysell should not
be increased. On the recommendation of
the (Jity Assessor John and Mary Mac-
Cauley's property was reduced from $800
to $600, nnd Mrs. Roos' property adjoin
ing was reduced from $700 to $550.
Alatneda Day.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 13.— The cars of
the electric railroad have been crowded
all day with a never-ceasing stream of
happy children and their guardians en
route to the Oakland Exposition. Busi
ness was all but suspended during the aft
ernoon and the public city institutions
were closed at the dinner hour.
Brief News Items.
J. Phillips of North Alameda has iuf
fered arrest for selling milk without a
permit.
The Native Daughters are to give an en
tertainment and dance in Armory Hal
Wednesday evening, August 26.
anxiety for a
Missing inventor
His Friends Fear That He
May Have Been
Abducted.
POLICE HAVE NO CLEW.
Supposed to Have Received
Money Shortly Before
Leaving.
A DISCIPLE OF FREE LOVE.
His Experience Cost Him a Small
Fortune and Made Him De
spondent.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call.)
908 Broadway, Aug. 13. f
The police were notified to-day of the
disappearance of Gustave Rutz, an in
ventor, who resided at 700 Franklin street.
Gustav Rntz, an Inventor of a Streetcar Life-Saving Device Who Has Dropped
Out of Sight.
Rutz has been missing for several days
aud his friends have all sorts of theories
as to the cause of his absence. For some
time he has been working on a patent car
device for saving life, and he recently gave
out the information that he had invented
something that would pick up a human
being with ease while the car was going at
a high rate of speed. He carried bis
drawings about with him and refused to
allow any one to inspect them until he
had been granted a patent.
He waß not worried over money matters,
but was always able to pay his way. He
was very despondent, and this leads some
of his acquaintances to suggest that he
has committed suicide.
There is a chapter in Rutz's life that
may throw some light on his disappear
ance. He has always been a firm believer
in the theory of free love. He has advo
cated it in public and was violently op
posed to anything: in the nature of a per
manent marriage. A few years ago he
met a lady who held views similar to his
own and they put them into practice. At
that time Rutz owned considerable cash
and had several thousands of dollars in
bank. His companion exercised her in
fluence over him to such a degree that she
was very soon the owner of nearly all the
coin.
After four years' experience of free love
Rutz found it had cost him his small for
tune and when the lady obtained posses
sion of the last $5000 she discovered that
the free-love doctrine was no longer de
sireable and she left Oakland. Since that
time Rutz has been a very different man.
He could not find any one else who would
accept his free-love doctrine and grew
somewhat despondent.
He made no preparation for his depart
ure and his room shows that he intended
to return. He is a man of very abstemi
ous habits and his friends scorn the idea
that he has gone on a debauch.
"During the two weeks previous to his
disappearance," said one of his intimate
acquaintances to-day, "he was frequently
visited by a man who was not known to
any one in the house. I did not like the
visitor's appearance and told Rutz so. I
believe Rutz expected some money from
Germany, but whether it came or not be
fore he went off I cannot say. His friend
has not called since he left and I would
not be surprised if it should prove to be a
case of abduction for the purpose of
robbery. We have told the police of the
matter, but Detective Williams said that
they have no clew on which to work."
GONE UP IN SMOKE.
A Two Thousand Dollar Fire on Bay
Street and Railroad Avenue,
Alameda. ■•
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 13.— At about
half past ; 8 a & TG *^ ro^ e '- out ', in . tl>e o< ""
buildings at the back of C. Perfumo's
produce and grocery-store, situated on Bay
street, near Railroad -avenue. ; The build-;
ing is in the r middle of _. the : block, and as
the fire ; spread _ rapidly there was a proba
bility that it would.be a serious conflagra
tion. The alarm, was turned in and re
peated, bringing out every available man
and foot of hose in the city.  ■[; .
■ : A rumor spread among the crowd that a
consignment of oil had been placed in the
sheds of Marcuse &f : Remmel, and this
made Fire Chief Krauth and his men re
double their energies Three strong
streams of water j were playing on the fire,
confining the flames to the rear of the j
premises, and : in half an hour all danger
was over. , *
The * damage ? done i: by £ water : and  re
moval will be ; the most serious loss; and
Mr. Marcuae places jit at about $2000. All ;■
the places are covered by insurance. ~
- sMarcuse & Ranimel : suffer a good ; deal
Auction 8&lc$
ABCTIOI SUE!
By order of Court, will sell Saturday, Ang. 15, 11
A. M., the stock of Hardware of the late K. B.
Green. Invoice ran be seen at my office or at
store, IS2B Valencia st., where s:ock will be sold
as a whole. L. ft. BURP, 211 Lark-in -U.
by the damage done to their seasoned
timber, and their offices were turned topsy
turvy in shifting the maaa of papers, doc
uments and plans. Mrs. CrosDie is also a
sufferer from water, as is Burnett, the
groceryman, and Dannueira, a saloon
keeper.
it The origin of the fire is a mystery. It
started in a barn full of hay, in which
some coal oil was also stored. Mrs. Per
fumo loses about twenty canaries and the
same number of prize pigeons.
As the Thompson Hose Company was
leaving the Webb-avenue station-house
Tom Hanson, in trying to get on the
wagon, which was moving, made a mis
calculation and fell under the wheel, sus
taining a compound fracture of the leg.
Too Kich for Charity.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 13.— For the
past six months Mrs. Dr. Buell, aged 76, a
daughter, Mrs. L. M. Dean, and a little
boy, a son of Mrs. Dean's, have been liv
ing on charity. When notified that the
charity was to be withdrawn and that
they had better go to the County Infirm
ary they declared that they were inde
pendent, to the great astonishment of
their friends, who have all along supposed
them to be penniless. They own a ranch
in Sutler County and other property.
James Will Not Resign.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 13. — Judge
James of the Justice Court has announced
that he will not resign from his office as
Justice of the Peace of Berkeley.
WORK BEGUN IN EARNEST
Recitations for Upper Classmen
at Berkeley Commenced
Yesterday.
Congressman Hitborn Receives a
Hearty Indorsement for Renomi
nation—Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 13.— T0-day
was registration. day for sophomores and
upper classmen at • the State University.
By 5 o'clock, the hour set for the closing
of the Recorder's office, 700 had signed
their names and filed, their study cards for i
the term. The freshmen, graduates and
some of the limited and special students
are yet to be heard from.
The total number of applicants for fresh
man standing ; reaches almost the 500
mark, but it is estimated that out of these
only about 350 will be admitted. .
,' "About 3314 per cent of the 3 applicants
i for freshman standing will probably be
clipped off," said Recorder Button to-day,
"and so l doubt if the class of 1900 will be
much larger than the class of '99. "
"There will be a great many graduate
and special ' students who will come in
later, and by another month we will have
on our roll at: Berkeley about 1250. Some
more will come in January, and by the v
close of the year the total enrollment in
the colleges at Berkeley. will reach about
1350, or 100 more than the books of last year
show." J' ' . "'■} ' ''. :' ' \'; ' : '--V '',
Besides the general raisin? of the stan
dard of entrance requirements this year on
account of the overcrowded condition of
the university a Latin "fit" ■ has been de
manded for entrance to all the colleges ex
cept those of the applied sciences, such as
mining, civil engineering, agriculture and
mechanics. ' ".'.';,' -\. . '. -'.', I
l The applicant who desires to enter any
of. the so-called liberal courses, such as are
given in the colleges of , letters and social
sciences was required to have a full three
years' preparatory Latin course. The re
corder says that this ' single new require
ment has doubtless been the ; means of
keeping many of the "preps" in their high
schools for at least another year. :
Instruction began this afternoon for all
the students excepting freshmen. Cards
of admission ,will ; be issued to the incom
ing classmen next Monday, and on Tues
day they will be organized for instruction,
v Almost absolute harmony has existed
thus far between the freshmen and their
natural enemies, the sophomores, but
rumors of a bic rush before a fortnight
has passed were floating freely to-day. - ■ -,
Professor Moses to Return.
BERKELEY; Cal., Aug. Professor
Bernard Moses, head of the department of
history at the State J University, who was
some time ago reported ''% to ■ be about -to
sever his connection with .the University
of California to accept a I similar position
at Chicago, will return ito r Berkeley next
Monday. • Professor Bacon - has posted ; a
notice that Professor Moses will meet his
classes on that day. . • < . - ' »
New Banjo Club. . ..
i": BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 13.— , new
banjo club has ; been : formed \ by several of
the university students, among whom are
; C. R. Morse, F. L. Argall, T.A. Smith, J F.
! L. Knight,' E. L. Sadler and C, A. Eiston.
The banjo club has signified its purpose to
assist in * all the glee club concerts when
called upon to do so. <! .'
Blind Institute. Opening.
- BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 13.— The Insti
. tute for the Deaf and Dumb and Blind in
(HAS. LEFT & CO., AUdTIOEERS.
Salesrooms— l l3s' Market Street.
THIS DAY.
Friday ................ August 14. 1896,
At 10 o'clock a. m. ax, Salesrooms, .
1135 MARKET ST.. bet. 7th. and Bth.
: VI WILL BELL
AX ELVGANT LINE OF FURNITURE,
Carpets. Oilcloth, Stoves. Ranges, etc.
CM AS. LEVY <ft CO.. Anctlone»r*.
Berkeley will open on August 26. Miss
Cordelia Good ana Miss Harriet Good of
the Indiana State School for the Deaf and
Dumb, and Miss Cordelia Bennett of the
Philadelphia Institute will be added to
the faculty.
Republican Rallies.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 13.— The execu
tive committee of the West Berkeley Re
publican Club has announced that a grand
ratification meeting of the organization
has been set for the evening of August 29,
at Si3terna Hall.
An open meeting and rally of the Lorin
Republican Club wiil be held on Monday
evening, August 24. Speakers from the
outside will address both of these meetings.
Coarse* Cat Off.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 13.— The finan
cial difficulties of the State University
have reached such a degree that it has
been necessary to cut off several courses in
the biological department because of the
lack of funds to pay instructors. Two
courses in this department will be dropped
and a third cut down to enable the depart
ment to continue through the year with
the present force of teachers.
Death of James Wilson.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 13.— James
Wilson, one of the pioneers of Berkeley,
died at his tome on University avenue
yesterday afternoon at the age of 6*2. His
death was caused from spinal trouble. He
leaves a widow and seven children. The
funeral will take place to-morrow after
noon under the auspices of Live Oak
Lodge, F. and A. M., of whicn he was a
member.
Hilborn Indorsed.
BERKELEY, Cal., Auk. 13.— At a
highly enthusiastic meeting of the Young
Men's Republican Club last evening Hil
born received his second public indorse
ment in Berkeley for Congress. Every
movement of the club was in favor of the
Congressman. Speeches were made by
William L. Hill, Captain Morrison, Robert
E'lgar, Captain Ayers, Almon Ames and
Wiiliam Bernard.
Honey for MoKlnley.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 13.— J. J.
Lough of Stewart street, a strong ad
mirer of Governor McKiniey, has for
warded to the Presidential nominee, as a
toKen of his esteem, a quantity of comb
honey.
Night With Shakespeare.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 13.— Frederics
Warde, the eminent tragedian, will give a
Shakespenan reading at the First Congre
gational Church in this city to-morrow
evening at which he will discuss the more
familiar plays and give extracts from
them.
The Fire Department.
The Fire Commissioners yesterday afternoon
allowed B. Donnelly $50 relief for injuries re
ceived while in the discharge of his duty at a
fire on July 10. William Cunningham, engi
neer of engine 7, was retired from service on a
pension. James J. McTiernan whs appointed
hoseman of Engine 4, James McGrath, truck
man of Truck 5, and C. H. Ferguson, engineer
of Engine 7. Emil Cranert was promoted from
steward of Chemical Engine 1 to driver of En
gine 15, and AlDert R. Ahlborn from hoseman
of Engine 26 to steward of Chemical Engine I.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEI
E Z Bowen, Stockton THClark.wAc, Placervill
T 11 Diges, Woodland Mrs M E Lewis, S Jose
Mrs A Mass, San Jose A Macondray, Cal
C Walker <t w, Portland O J Morrow, Wash
T A Stewart, Portland A H Manning &w, Reno
J tt Blair, Reno J A GUI, Or
E B Hinckley, Cal V D Black, Stanfcrd
J D stone, Stanford C H Holcomb, Portland
Orvls Ring. Reno T W Clark, Reno
MrsFJritranti&c.Bentcla J A North way, Nev City
Miss D Lawton, Benicia Miss J T Smith, Benloia
DrT BReed, sacto W S Wallace, Boson
T W Johnson, Elk Grove W Stoll A w, Spokane
Mrs M B Reigh, Spokane H il Clalr Jr, Pbila
J L Fisher, Del Monte L S E Slussen.Mt Olive
W E Bidwell. Stockton C F Schwick <fe w, :r"acto
Jlrs G Stillwell, Oakland J T Devendo <few, S Jos«
M Munson. Cal J P Thompson, N V
.1 P <;rozler, NY G A George, San Jose
T P Williams, Sta Clara Amoi Hatch, Belmont
Mrs O G Woodson, Del Miss 1" Woodson, Del
L P Hooker, Sta Cruz J M Baker, Shasta
F M Wallace, Fresno A A Seaberg, Wash
J A Shilbery, Seattle J S Munroe & w, "Victoria
L B White * w, Stocktn Miss V Graves, Stockton
D J Pohmber, Vacavi'.le F J Crane, Chicago
H B Shackelford.SnJose P W Schmechel. Salinas
W L Kohn & w, Cal Mra F X Millard, Chicago
W H Harrison & w.Cal 't H R Bulsen, Stockton
L J Madden, Modesto E C Culp, Kansas
F 8 Dow, Eureka J D Ellis, Enreka
C T Letson, SJ W T Howard, N .1
L Eugee, Cal Miss It E Guild, Wls
Miss F P Bliss, Wis W L Oak, Zeigler Springs
C Robblns&w, Windsor T B Jack & w.StL obispo
J L Gilles, Sacto M Pomeroy, Sta Clara
D W Bnrchard.Sn Jos*
BUSS HOUSE.
J R Barnett. UKlah SB Young, Nev ...
ENHutchinson&w.Tenn L H Travy, Pomona
MrsOoodwlii<td, Pomona 'J Waters & w, Sacto
J P Kerr & w, Healdsbg W J Couzens, Vis ilia
E 11 Campbell, Stockton Mrs D S Baker, Nev
E J Baker, Nev '■ ■ : . FI) Longhead, Grayson
11 s Longhead, Grayson G A HooKer, Sauta Rosa
L A Richards. Grayson C O Warner. >*cv '
J 8 ll ill Al, Nev W A Ensign &w, Ogden
F York. Mont SB Hill. Nev
J Lawler, Petaluma .1 II Martin, Woodland
T Hanly, Enreka W Wines, Sta Barb
J C Steel, Pescadcro ' «' R Scott, Portland
D C McQuilty & w, Nev Mrs A Hyer. Fresno
J J Jamison, t'asoßoblesli F Danbers Jr, Canon
Mrs Hammock. Amador B Barren, Wright
M Miller & w, Pescadero W D Clausen, Sausalito
A A Whitney, .Los Ang T LPJng <fe w, Jacinto
A B Adams, Oakland F C Buurick, Stockton
L C Powell <fe w, Porllnd P H Noonan. Santa Rosa
(i W Hill, Winters AW JHobbklns, Healdsbrg
J N Fel\ Sacto Pike, Pleasanton
O Langford & Oakland
PALACE HOTEL." \
M rs John Martin, maid H J Young, Phila
<fe 3 chil, Tucson. Ar Miss A Venerable, Bait
R M Venerable, Bait McD R Venerable, Bait
A T Kinney, Taylorvl Mrs W H McKinney, Tie
Jno Carroll, San Jose H H ClarK, Ctsntervillo
T L Harrington. Cntvl iin S B Williamson, Dr
T M Wara <fe w, N J Jas H Kinkcad, Va, Nev
W T Stoll <fc w.Spokane A G Colaon, Rock Isld
E W Giffard, London R M Egre, Menlo Pa
T F Burgdorff, USA W M Brewßter. Mass
Mrs W M Brewster, Mss J P Hayden & w
S M Kenney &w, Ham- J R Murpny, Alcy City
ilton, Ont Kenry Muth, A!gy City
Mrs T J Field, Montry W L Woodraw <fe w, S J
A A Tkoma? & w, H V P Kolbe &w, Germany
W E Gates, Wyominp S Kinaldo, San Jose
Jno M Switzef, Stanfd R E Prince, San Jose
A W Kennedy. N V
:_.. ': . • LICK HOUSE. .
ravld Evans, Eureka . J P O'Brled, w A eh, Or
W Cleary, Sheep Rnch 3 E Errlckson, Cal •
EH Harrington, AmadorHenry M Ayer, San Jo»«
M A Fergusson & w, Cal A P Kcrgnsson, Stoclcta
Atrnf-s Fertrnsson. Btcktn H N Br.xss. Stockton I
J Ballard, Claremont E O Smith & w, Auburn
Mrs M E Brown, Denver O H Merchant, Mar3bflld
Franfc Collins, '(-ausalito E O KavanauKh, Or
W G Miller, San Cnrlos' W J Aellson.MD, Nev
J Goodfellow <fe w, B C WE Rogers w, Amalia
Mrs « B Maxwell, Cal L T Hat field, .Sacto
Mrs Berringer &d, Cal T C White, Fresno
Mrs \V C Cnrtis,Woodlna V (i Frost, Merced '
C Bosah, San Rafael J W Rober:«on & iv, Cal
J H Jones, NY AW Jones Jr. Monterey
J H Bonner.w, Crdarvlle r-^MHS
: . -NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Bertha A Beadles, Cal . . ■. ■ B*m M >"agler, Ca-1 •
CWLatterner, Mlddletwn O Wilson, Hio Vina • '
DA Lehman, College Prfc W Chalker, V * N
C Waller, U 8 H H ¥ Bray, OSN
B L Fisher &w, Ala . KE Hills, Ala .
M Bryant, Ala A C Bald, Sacto -.= ■
H X Hudson, Pacto FH Planning, ÜBN
X H Wheeler & w, Bostn Sirs A H Kntledge Cal
D C Toole, ConitervlUe W W James Aw, Cal
Miss Phil pa, Coos Bay II JXoulton * w, Cal; •
O W Hardman, Cal . , A M Brunark, Chicago
E M like, Chicago ': ' King, Cal
G M Azcesiu, Seattle ______
BALDWIN HOTEL.
A W Boyd, Botten E L Reese. Bollen
H E Kalk, Lincoln J E Clark. Chicago
F Balknap. Oakland Miss C R Rin, Alnmeda
Miss X Williams, Ala Mrs N Johns, Seattle
O X Brown, Portland J H Todd, Sacramento
F B Alverson <fe w, Tele C F Allen, Denver
E Fenerbom, w&c.StL II Fenerbom. St Louis
F Warde & vr, N V G J Campbell Jr, Vljo
J Jacobus, 8t Louis T B Welmeth, N V
W C Douglass, St L J H Dickey, Chicago
VTT^. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M^*S*^Mi®~** KIEAK * i ' rsT - Established
; W* V^^ <n ISA I * 'or the treatment of Private
BtaJA-'^UM Diseitses, Lost Manhood. Debility or
625HEABSTKT. Established
in 18S4 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
' "WlggH^B) disease wearing on bodyand mind and
t___J_l___t____| Skin Diseases. The doc torcares when
.»3®ffi«sis others fail. Try him. Charges low.
C'nre* guaranteed. Callorwrita.
iiv. J. *". \j>ißliay. Box 1937* 5a0 '
1314
Mines.and
The richest piece of placer ground ever
discovered was the famous Montana Bar,
Confederate Gulch, Mont. The bar com
prised less than an acre of ground, but
yielded $1,200,000 in three months as the
result of the labor of four men. The dust,
which of course contained some black iron,
weighed 7000 pounds, was packed in nail
Kegs and floated on a raft to St Joseph,
Mo., in the fall of 1864. Confederate Gulch
produced in all about $3,000,000.
The counties of Lake and Crook in Min
nesota promise to yield an abundant sup
ply of nickel in the near future. Samples
from these deposits assay as high as $190
per ton and down to $18, while the cost of
mining is estimated at from $6 to $10 per
tou. These deposits have been known for
the last eight years; during this time the
land has been quietly explored and sur
veyed, and 2000 sampies gathered for as
say. These lands are rich in iron ore and
carry small percentages of gold and silver.
Frank Johnson, a poor Scandinavian from
St Paul, located the tirst claim, and das
done much quiet work. Out of 448.000
acres surveyed and explored, 25,000 only
were purcha>ed by an Ea-tern syndicate
of capitalists, who will develop the prop
erty under the name of Frank Johnson
Nickel Company.— Engineering Journal.
In 1867 the first diamond ever found in
South Africa was picked up by a hunter
out of a heap of shining river peDbles.
This was near the banks of the Orange
River, a little above its confluence with
the Vaal River. Then a diligent search
for diamonds began in all the surrounding
districts. In 1870 diamonds were discov
ered in considerable quantities near where
the town of Kimberley now stands. A
rush of miners soon filled the neighbor
hood, and from that time onward Kim
berley has been the center of the diamond
getting industry, though there are other
minss scattered here and there to the
west and south of it.— Century for July/
Some very striking statistics are given
to show how rapidly the production of
aluminum has increased in tne United
States since 1883, in which year it did not
exceed 83 pounds. In 1886 the production
had increased to 3000 pounds, in 1889 to
47,468 pounfls, in 1891 to 150,000 poundß
and in 1893 to 339,629 pounds, while in
1894 the total was 550,000 pounds. The
Iron Age puts the production for 1895 at
850,000 pounds, and estimates that this
year it will not fall short of 6000 pounds
per diem.
Authoritative reports sum up the precious
metal output of Utah for 1895 as 75,000
ounces oi gold, and 8,000,000 ounces of
siiver. The coinage value of the gold
amounts to $1,500,000, and the market
value of the silver to about $5,360,000. The
silver product comes mainly from Summit
and Juab counties. Summit em braces the
Park City district, and Juab that of Tintic.
The principal gold regions are, so tar as
the showing for 1895 goes, Juab andTooele
counties, the latter embracing the Camp
Floyd or Mercur district. The Ontario of
Park City, and the Bullion- Beck of Tintic,
each has a record of having produced in
I^)s over a million onuces in silver. The
Centennial Eureka of Tintic produced
about 900,000 ounces. Among other big
silver producers of the State are the Silver
King and Daly at Park City, the Horn
Silver at 'Frisco, and the Packard and
Eureka hill. Among the gold mines, the
Mercur and the Mammoth produced each
over $250,000.
The production of copper by the mines
of the United States for the month of June
amounted to 35,896,000 pounds, against 37,
--500,000 for the preceding month, a decrease
of 1,604,000; the production of foreign
mines for June aggregated 15,680,000,
against 16,800.000 pounds for May, a de
crease of 120,000; exports of copper from
the United States for June amounted to
21,952,000, against 23,477,440 pounds in
May, a decrease of 1,525,446 pounds.
The mining camps of Mercur, Eureka,
Siiver City and Mammoth were visited by
a great flood last Tuesday. Two men were
drowned at Eureka, and there was consid
erable property loss in all the camps. The
Mercur mill was flooded and compelled to
shut down for a short time.
About twelve years a*ro Pat Breen,
while mining in Black Mountain, near
El Paso, took out of a rich pocket about
$JO,OOO and then sold to Texas parties for
$13,000. Two years ago he returned to
New Mexico and found the mine aban
doned. He located it again and has re
cently opened an eight-foot vein of rich
ore. — El Paso Times.
T c Hoogley mine, located at Bingham,
was sold a few days ago to Otto Kaiste.
This property embraces a continuation
of the old Jorden and Galena mines, which
have been heavy produces' in silver and
iead. It is claimed the present owners of
tne Hoogley cave tncountered ore of the
value of $500 per ton. Its values include
a small percentage of gold.
The Mining Investor relates that a min
ing enKineer~jusi from Cripple Creek was
a-ked by another concerning the situation
at the camp. "Oh, they are doing the
same as usual," was the reply. "The ten
derfeet are taking the ore out where they
find it, and the mining men are hunting
lor it where it ought to be."
Molybdena is an ore of a dark lead color
and occurs in flexible lamina or scalelike
flakes, usually occurring in granitic quartz.
Sulphuret of molybdenum is quite com
mon in Southern Oregon, and is usually
called lead or tellurium. The old Jewett
mine near Grants Pass has a great deal of
tliis kind of ore.
One of the superstitions attached to
names among miners, says the Index, is
that no claim located under the name
Fourth of July has ever paid.
Saturday afternoon, about 5 o'clock,
Owen Bradley, a former resident of Ne
vada, was blown up at the Golden Gate
mine while engaged in spitting a round
of holes. He and his partner had thirteen
holes to spit, and, owing to some disar
rangement or defect in one of the fuses, he
remained too long at the face of the drift,
and received injuries from which be died
the following day. His partner cautioned
him about remaining too long, and started
away himself.
The Dr. Burwell mine, near Magalia, is
now owned by San Francisco parties, and
is giving excellent promise of rich ore.
Six or eight miners are employed in get
ting out rock.
E. D. Jones located in May last what is
supposed to be the Lost mine. This week
J. B. Clark and Mr. Jones opened the
mine. A landslide had covered the shaft
so that it was completely bidden. The
mine is in the Pine Flat District, Fresno
County. They removed the earth and
brush and found the shaft and part of the
tools. The mine is supposed to be very
rich in silver, gold and copper. It has
not been worked for twenty or thirty
years. Associated with Messrs. Clark and
Jones in this enterprise are Dr. K. B. Clow
and J. C. Pheljis of this city. These men
feel confident that they have struck a rich
thing and their friends here will rejoice
over their good fortane.
Mr. Clarke came down to-day. He says
while Mr. Jones and himself are old silver
miners they are both partial to the gold
standard. — Hanford Sentinel.
The New York Mining and Engineering
Journal, a recognized authority, says that
the ore of the Mf reed Company's mines at
Coultsrville yields but $1 64 per ton, less
than the cost of mining and milling.
Selected ore yielded $2 75 per ton. A year
ago the insiders had the stock up to $50
per share on the Boston market and then
unloaded. The stock is now quoted at
$3 50 per share, or $1 50 above the $2
assessment recently levied. It is jobbery
of this description that blacteyes Cali
fornia miners and keeps capital out.
It is difficult to see any justice in hold
ing California responsible for the frauds
perpetrated on a community by an East
ern board of directors, non-residents of
this Btate, and who obtained their educa
tion at home and have nothing to learn
from California io their methods.
Why, as the paragraph says, such trans
actions should give California mining a
black eye is not made apparent when the
fraud is perpetrated abroad and by resi
dents of the location where the swindle is
perpetrated. The mere fact that the mine
in question is located in this State is no
reason why we shoud be made io suffer.
The black eye should be given to the ras
cals putting up the job, and if those who
suffered will just pass the gentlemen along
here we will see that they have their op
tics put in mourning for their sins. The
Olympic Club pupils are much in need of
subjects for practice.
The Mining and Scientific Press says
that in Michigan they freeze a formation
to sink through it, and in Alaska they
thaw the ground. It will be difficult to
obtain a patent on the freezing system
after the very general use of it in California
for so many years.
The Boomerang is the name of a mine in
San Bernardino County. It is to be hoped
that the mine will illustrate the habit of
that Australian weapon and m coming
back at the owners hit them squarely in
the pocket.
The Cahtornia Debris Commission, con
cerning the Sacramento and San Joaquin
river systems, in its annual report to the
War Department, says it has been ham
pered lately by lack »of funds. Illegal
mining has been stopped in thirteen in
stances during the year. In that time the
total amount of material mined under per
mits was estimated at nearly 1,000,000
cubic yards. No dam for impounding de
bris in the larger streams has yet been
authorized by the commission, the avail
able storage in the smaller streams being
now about 8,000,000 cubic yards. Proposed
improvements of rivers compatible with
the permission of hydraulic mining is now
under consideration. — Nevada Transcript.
Some poor prospector, says an exchange,
had evidently used his last drop of "snake
bite" when tne Dry Times and Whisky
Jug mines were located, and the men were
evidently in hard circumstances who
found the Last Chance, Good Luck, Hope,
Accident, New Good Hope and Last Dollar
mines.
Returning miners from Cooks Inlet,
Alaska, say the country at the inlet is bar
ren oi gold. They say the miners worked
hard and, prospected for 200 or 300 miles
around the inlet without finding a single
claim that paid anything. Thousands of
holes were sunk to bedrock, some of them
having to be thawed out by fires before
they could be dug. There was no work to
be had, and from 500 to 700 men are said
to be stranded there without the means to
leave the country.
The Mining and Scientific Press of last
week has an article on the methods of
mining papers generally in withholding
the names of the purchasers and amounts
paid for mines sold in their vicinity and
making a great mystery of the transac
tions.
It might be added that when they do
give the price paid it is usually greatly in
excess of the real amount of the purchase.
There is a sort of pririe in newspapers in
mining districts to keep up with the pro
cession and not be behind in advocating
the importance of their locality, and if
there is some stretch of truth it is consid
ered in a good cause and doing their duty
to their constituents.
The El Dorado Republican says: J. J.
Leventon has struck some rich dirt in his
gravel claim above Fair Play, and is said
to have his pockets full of nuggets that he
has dug out recently. One visitor to the
claim picked out several nuggets from the
claim during a short inspection a week
or two ago. It is said that L. R. Pound
stone, the mining man, offered Mr. Leven
ton $10,000 for the property, but it was not
accepted.
The Chicago authorities are prosecuting
the promotors of worthless mining stocks.
'Rah for Chicago! What 8 field for similar
work in Cripple Creek! Some of our own
are not worth as much as silver certificates,
but the time was when they were. They
started fair anyway, and had a value, but
when a stock drops from a hundred dol
lars to a hundred cents groaning is in
order.
The Arizona Citizen says: About three
months ago, at a placer claim near San
Antonio. Sonora, a nugget of gold was
picked up the weight of which was sixty
ounces. A piece of the nugget weighing
six ounces was brought to this city and
sold and the remaining fifty-four ounces
were sold in Sonora for $27 per ounce,
Mexican money.
Some very laughable names are found in
the Whale, Dead Horse, I Don't Know,
Mamma's Baby, Gold bug, Afterthought.
Buily Boy, Beelzebub, Hard to find, Ready
Cash, Rainy Night, Yellow Dog and You
Bet. These names are but a few of the
thousands in existence equally as peculiar,
and the titles most significant to the
owner are those perhaps which appear
most commonplace to the observer. It is
not quite clear whether in the list Beelze
bub or Ready Cash was hardest to find.
Probably the Ready Cash Beelzebub is al
ways handy.
The Inyo Register says: John Keegan
of Independence lately found two small
nuggets in the gizzard of a chicken he
had killed. The question now is, Did the
fowl get the gold from some old dry
washer, or is Independence built on a
placer field?
This incident suggests a new method of
prospecting and utilizing the hen for
profit. A prospector has but to carry with
him a brood of bens to a presumed placer
ground and turn them adrift to pick up
their living and his, while he sits in the
shade and smokes his pipe.
The proverbial goose will be nowhere in
comparison as he (or she) laid but one
golden eeg while the hen would lay one
daily. The hen is ahead on the proposi
tion.
There is no denying the fact that the
first announcement of the discovery of
promising mines in their vicinity must be
taken with a liberal allowance of salt and
for the enthusiasm with such discoveries
are received, and the local paper hastens
to announce the good luck of Bob Jon°s,
the discoverer, with embellishments, know
ing the news will be hailed with joy by his
friends and creditors, and if Jones is so
fortunate as to meet with a purchaser who
insists on keeping the price private the
mystery as to the amount paid may be
pretty nearly estimated by the time usu
ally consumed by Robert in keeping the
town painted a sanguinary hue whenever
he has the luck to strike it rich.
THE STOCK MARKET.
The Comstocks were weak as usual yesterday
though prices showed no cDange worthy of note.
The Hale <fe Norcross assessment of 16c per
share will be delinquent in office to-day.
'I he Baltic Gravel Mining Company of Nevada
County has levied an assessment of three-quarters
of a cent per share, delinquent September 2.
The Mountaineer Mill and Mining Company of
Nevada County has levied an assessment of 2c per
share, delinquent September 8.
In the Mono mine tor the week ending August 8
on the 400 level the track and air pipe have been
removed fiom the easi crosscut from the south
drift, and tne track haa been laid in me Bodie Con.
south drift on the Fortuna vein, the same having
been de-ired out. Work will beein in ttie face of
the drift immediately. The surveying work In the
recent cro scut and other workings that are open
on the 400 level is completed.
The joint Challenge Cen., Confidence and Con.
Imperial west crosscut 1 from the surface tunnel 1*
out 67 feet, having been advanced 1b feet during
the week. The face is in porphyry.
In the Crown Point mine the week has been
occuoied on the 1100 level In taking out a lest run
of the qunrtz exposed In the raise and m the wuth
drift from iv They have shipped to the Mexican
mill 110 tons and 60 pounds of gold ore, one but
tery sample assay of which has been received,
viz., $5 90 per ton.
The Belcher mine for the past week yielded 46
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1896.
carloads of ore, the average assay of which was
$20 69 per ton. ; • - >". ' " ' ', -
The Confidence mine during ■ the : past week
yielded 13 mining carloads of ore, the average
assay of which was 522 36 per ton. .- . . '-• : i
The yield of the Overman mine for the past
week was 49 tons of ' ore,, averaging by assay
$32 12 per ton. The ore came from the north
drift on .he 900 level. -The formation in whicn
the ore Is found is very hard. „ . ■ ' '• ;,• '
In the Savage mine for the week ending August
10 on the 850 level the south drift from the fifth
floor of the north upraise they have started three
east crosscuts at points : 36, 70 and 110 feet re
spectively south of the north upraise. East cross
cut 1 is advanced 11 feet, passing through seams
of quartz giving low assays. J£ast crosscuts 2 and
3 are each advanced 12 feet and the face of each
is In porphyry. The main south drift is advanced
82 feet. Th" face Is in quartz giving some fair as
says. East crosscut 3 Is advanced 45 feet. The
face is in clay and porphyry, On the 750 level the
east crosscut from the main south drift Is ad
vanced 33 feet. The face Is in porphyry and
quartz. On the 950 level they are repairing and re
timbering the airway leading to the Haiti* Nor
cross mine. iMPIUjIjVuhjiHiI)
On the Brunswick loae at shaft 1 on the 800
level the joint north drift was advanced 39 feet,"
making its total length . from the shaft 192 feet.
The face is In porphyry, clay and quartz giving
low assays. . • ■ . ■ - :
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Borrrt yesterday; . :-, • - - '„ -,:
BEGULAB MOBNIXQ SESSION, COMMENCING 9:30.
200 Alpha -061100 C P0int... 35 700 0vrmn....16
100 8A8... ...89 .100 O &C......61 300 fc-av... 60
100 Xuliiou... 14^400 H«tN. . 1.25200 Scorpion..o6
160 Chllar.. .2.2f> 10iV Mxcn.....5) 10U » Nev....47
150 CCA V... 1.70 600Ocdd ;'.'.. 64 2UO Union.. 40
100 C0nn... ...91 100 0ph1r:....96
aftebxoos SESSION— 2 :30.
200 Ande5... .. 30 450 CC&V.. 1.70 100 Ophir 95
60...: ....29 300 C Point.. 34 200 Ovrmn.... 15
100 B & 8....90 200 H&K... 1.26 60 Uni0n. ...39
600 Ch0ir... 2.26| , 1
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
" BEOUIAB SESSION— IO:3O. ■
200 A1pha. ....06 150 CCV. 1.721,4|200 PotosL.l.oo
200 A1ia.... ...09 50 C0nn.... ..91 400 98
100 Andes .30 200 Crwn Pt...3t jiUO 8av....,..63
200 Belcner...Bt4oOKxchqr....o4!loo 62
600 B <feJB 91 300 0&C......61 -00 . — ... 61
400 ............90 100 H<5N....1.25 600 60
600 8u11i0n.... 1& 200 Justice... .os 300 Scorpion.,o6
100 Bulwer....2BSoJ Mexn. BH 100 58& M....10
'£00 Caleda 11 450 Occd 64 300 SST 47
100 Chalng...39 100 ....65 500 Sii HUL...02
60 Ch0ir.... 2. 30 400 0ph1r..:..U6 300 Union C...40
60 2.27% 600 0vrmn.. ..15/00 Utah. .....0S
300 2^loo ...........16200 V Ja0K«..36
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:3O.
200 AlPha 06150 CCV. 1.72% 450 P0t051....96
150 Alt*. 09100 Conn 90.250 .....97
100 Ande5.... 30 300 C P0int....34 100 ....... .'...98
'200 Belcber.,29 600 G<fcC. 60 100 ........ 1.00
600 B&B... 80 400 11&J5... 1.26 300 Save... 60
100 Bodie. 40 300 JJ1ex. ...... S: J 400 Scorpion..o6
200 Bullion... 15200 Mono 16300 S 8&M...09
100 8u1wer...28 l 300 Occd 64 1 005Nv......47
500 ChaUge...39'lso 65 200 Union... 39
600 Ch0ir. .. 2.26 200 Ophlr 9b 500 Utah 07
100 ....... 2.27y a 300 Overman. 15 200 V Jcki....34
900 ...... 2.30- _______
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
" THURSDAY, August 13— 4 F. v.
Bid. A skrxL \ Sift. AiktA.
Alpha Con. ... 05 06 Jackson 26 —
A1ta........:... 09 10 Julia... ....... — 08
Ande5.......... 28 30 Ju5tice......... — 06
Belcher 27 25 Kentuck.. 05 06
Best & Belcher ,90 92 Lady Wash.... — V 4
BentonCon.... 15 —Mexican..." 61 63
Bodie 46 —Mono.. 15 —
Bullion 14 15 Nevada Queen. 03 —
8u1wer......... 28 — North G& C. 07 —
Caledonia. 10 11 Occidental 64 67
Chollar .2.25 2.35 0ph1r... ........ 95 97
Con.Cal<fcVa...l.6s 1.70 Overman 15 16
Challenge Con. 38 40iPotosi 99 1.00
Con. Imperial. 01 U2 Savage. 60 61
Confidence.... 87 —5c0rpi0n....... — 06
Con New York 04 — |s>eg. Belcher... 09 10
Crown Point... 83 34 Syndicate — 04
EastSierraNer — 1)4 Silver Hi 11.... 01 03
Eureka Con... 10 — Sierra Nevada. 46 48
Exchuauer .... 03 04 Union Con 38 39
Goula&curry. 61 6*l Utah 07 08
Hale^Norcrs. 1.25 1.30, Yellow Jacket. 84 36
GOLD MINING KXCHAXQB.
- Champion 1200 Lockwood Con.. 29
Asked 2250700 ....;... 30
Edna I Princess.
Asked 35 Asked 70
Grant. Providence
Bid 25 Asked ..........80 00
Asked 40 200 Savannah 47
Keystone. 300 Sebastopol „ 40
Bid. 6500 Thorpe
Kennedy....... Bid 60
Asked 10 00|Asked. 80
fcIOCH. AM) BO.NO .EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Aug. 18-2 r. v.
TTNITKD STATES BONUS. ,
Hid. Asked. Bid. A iked.
US4sconp..los — US4sreg... — 107%
Do new issue! llVs —
JIISCKIXAXKOUS wovrm.
Cal-»tCbles«. 109 112 P»cEolI518i _ _
CalElecL6s — 123 Do 2d Is 65... — —
CntraCWs» — 95 P£OKy6s. — 116
Dpr.t-ste.x-cp — 99 PiCh Ry6s. — 1071 A
Edsn LA I" 6*1 17%1 18V2 l'wl-st RROs. — 116^
F&CHKR6S. - 106% Keno, WI&L — 105
Geary-stßss. — 107% bacto P& L. — 102%
LosAngL6s. — 99 ISF&NPR6s. 93 97 Vi
DoGateed6» — 100 SPRRAriz6s — —
Mkt-stCble6s — 120*4 SPRRCaltfs. — !10y a
I)oKyConss.. SPRRCaI 6i. — —
Nat\ ln6slst 96 — .'sPßrßCaia* — 99
NevCN(tß7s. 96 105- SVWater6s.. — 119y«
NPCRR6S. - 108 SVWatPMs.. — 98
NBy Cal 6s. — 100% StktnG&E6s — 100
KBy Cal ss. — 100 SunsiT.£T6». — —
Oak Gas 55. .102 — Sutter-atßoa, — 111
Do2d Is 65.. — • 106 VisaliuWCtM .— • ■ —
Gniiiibua os. — 119%
■Watkb stocks
Contra Costa — 40 I San Jose — —
MarinCo.... 50 — ISprngValley 94% 95%
PAS STOCKS.
Capital — 30 i Pacific Lieht — 49%
Central 95 — ISan Francsco 86 >A 87
OakGL&U 5134 Stockton..... - 30
Pac Gaslmp. — »3 |
INSUBAXCE STor.«S.
Flreman'sKdl6o — |Sun.. ..„..'. 25 80
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS. ■
AmerBATC — — |LondonP<&A.l2s 127
Anglo-Ca1.... — 68 I.ondon&.-SF. — 27%
Bank of Cat.. - 835 Merch Ex... 13 —
D&TColll — Nevada — —
FlrstNationl. — 183 Saiher B Co. - —
KAVrNOS BANK FTO^KH.
OerSALCo.I2IO 1830 6a v& Loan.: _ 100
HnmbS&L.lloo 1450 Security...... 230 275 .
Mutua1....... — 40 Union Trust. 7so —
bFSavUnion — 485
STREET RULROAH :i;i.
California.... — 107 |Oak sr,it ltay — 100
Geary-5t...... — 66 iPresldlo..... 7 —
Market-su... 40% 40%;Sutter-5t..... — —
lOVVIIk.II STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — Giant Con.. 16% 1714
Eastern D... 70 80 Judson D.... — —
California.... 70 — V1e0rit...... — 85c
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska piers. 90 92% Nat Yin Co.. — _
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo — 20
Cul Cot Mills — —,■ Pac Aux A 1 —
Edlsou Lit;htl08%110 Paci.oraxCo. 98 100
GaaConAssn. — — Pac Roil Mill — —
«er Lead Co. 80 100 i Part PainlCo 6% 7%
awC&SCo.. 16«^ — . PacTrnnsCo. — , 24
nutchSl'Co 19 V 8 196/ B ! Pac T&T Co. 70 80
Assn. 100 . 110 Sunset T&T. 41 —
JjElec Light — ■-■■ 434 United O Co. — 29
BALXii-HOUM-Vi •XaslO-f.
Board— .
10 Oakland Gas. 51 75
60 SF Gaslight..... 87 25
50 do do ...'.. 87 00
10 do do ...86 87%
Street—
50 SV Water 96 00
SALKS—AFTKRNOO.V SKS9IO*.
Board— . ." ' '
10 Edison Light & Power C 0 ............ 108 60
150 Hutchinson *P C 0.......:..;...,.... 19 25
30 Market-si Railway .;..... 40 60
16 S V Water............................. 95 00 '
Street—
5 V Water......... 95 00
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Fran Cisco Caia—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OKFICES— SBO Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock
I '"• , NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
BE__s= VKBBA BUENA LODGE OF
KE^^v Perfection No. I.— Regular meeting "_f
THIS (FKIDAY) EVENING, August 14, A
at 8 o'clock. : D 13. -■•./ - < ■ - - » ■-.•-■ . ■- — £■&
GKO.J.HOBR, Secretary. ""^^ ,
KS>THE ONE HUNDRED AND . «~^T
iar--^ ; twenty-fifth : anniversary of the 3V. f»nfl
birth of Sir Walter scott " will ;; be «vT (__*
celebrated -by the St. Andrew's' So- 'C 35 1 * ■
ciety THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, August 14, In
Scottish Hall.- 11l Larkin st. a Songs, :' rec-
itations, ,' etc., from the j works of ; Scott s will
be rendered ,by t well-known artists. A eulogy
on Scotland's -greatest novelist will be delivered
by the well-Known: orator, Samuel M. Shortridge,
Admission 25 cents. - v ■:■■■■■ .■-
- . ANDREW WILKIE. President.
■ W. C. Cook. Secretary. . "v : .. -
IT__s= ARGONAUT COUNCIL NO 597, BOYAL
_i = -»' Arcanum— '■ members of . the council are
invited ;to be present i at ' the institution o a new
council THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, in Balboa
Hall, N. S. G. W. building, Mason st, bet. Post
and Geary. " - ■:■.-.•-■■" . ' ■ > -"'..•"-...■■■.■■ .:.-'.;--. .
dividend notices. ■ ,-.•--.-.■
j^^>^dividejid"notice— dividend "no".
C^— '. 34 « (twenty-five cents per ' share) •of the
HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLANTATION COM-
PANY will be payable at . the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market st., on and after THURSDAY,
August 20, 1896. Transfer book will close Fri-
day, August 14, 1896, at 3 o'clock, p. it. . ■.■.-." .
- K. H. SHELDON; secretary.
i~~ SPECIAL ■NOTICES.-:
n_g» BAD -TENANTS -KJECTED; FOR -'SV-
«r«*^-; collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Mont^y room 6. Te'.. ;6581j.'
K_S> DR. BAYER Kk.MOVi-; His .-"OFFICE
wr~& to 1- Grant aye. ; ■; residence 1703 Geary st."
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMAIE.-
-* R^ HANBEN/& ca, 110 GEARY »T.,
\J> furnish the best family and ; hotel help. < CaU
at office, phone or mail us your orders: ' Drompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185. ...
RS. FKNTON, REMOVED TO 420 SUTTER
su, bet: Stockton and Powell. Ladies requiring
first-class help of all nationalities for all capacities
call or send order. .-- ■ J ■-'.'-■-*- - : '- ; '
p ERMAN HOUSEGIRL: STRONG AND WILL-
Vling; good city reference; good cook; $16 to $20.
MRS. G. NORTON, 315 sutterst. :-'■:'-■■ i '
X\7 OMAN, WITH TWO CHILDREN, ONK OF
'» them good chore boy, wants situation; Is good
cook, housekeeper, milker and butter-maker. ? Ad-
dress Help, box 99, call Office.
LMRST-CLASS GKRMAN AND AMERICAN
r 1 cook wan- s situation; is good laundress: refer-
ences : also reliable, baby's nurse wants position.
558 Minna st., near Seventh. : ' -
IV ANTKD BY REFINED EASTERN AMER-
-11 ican widow, position as housekeeper for hotel,
lodgin -nouse or . small family. ' Call or address
Housekeeper, 405 Leavenworth st., near Ellis.
poMPKTKNT YOUNG WOMAN WANTS
VJ situation to do sewing or any kind of mending,
or to take charge of a lodging-house. Call or ad-
dress 821 Mission St., room 3 _______________
9 RELIABLE YOUNG WOMEN WISH SITU-
& atlons together to do cooking and second work
and upstairs work and seamstress. Call or ad-
dress 615 Third st. - : • - - ' '-•-".•'..':
YOUNG WOMAN WITH A CHILD AGED 3
X want B situation io do housework and assist
generally; cood seamstress: wages no object. Call
1319% Lark i st. '■__________-_— — — - -'
Jj Y RESPECTABLE GERMAN WOMAN SEC-
I ■>. o:id work; understands halrdresslng and
dressmaking. c. J., box 111, Call Office.
OMAN WISHES TO DO WASHING AND
" cleaning by the day. 607 Ash aye.
YOUNG LADY DESIRES POSITION AS
X typewriter. Room 9, 122 Post St.. second floor.
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS POSITION FOR
VJ general housework* only Germans • need to
call; wages $12 to $15. 628 Fulton, nr. Buchanan.
YOUNG WOMAN -WANTS TO GO OUT BY
: X the- day, ; housecleaning or washing. 444
Clementina st. " ■
BY COMPETENT PROTESTANT WOMAN TO
do general housework; city or country. Call
314Je%siest. .; •'. ".
BY YOUNG SWEDISH WOMAN IN PRIVATE
American lamlly; first-class cook; good refer-
ence. Call 1020 Mission. MRS. QLSEN.
r OUNG WOMAN WISHES PLACE AS
housekeeper: city or country. Address House-
keeper. 1148 Sutter third floor, room 35.
OMPETENT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
\J to do cooking, washing and ironing: good ref-
erence. Call 316 Plxley, off. Fillmore, near L'nlon.
QEAMS'I RESS WISHES SITUATION FOR
O chamberwork and sewing. ' Call between 10
and 4, 111 Valencia si. ■■ " ' -
YOUNG GIKL, ABOUT 15, WANTS PLACE
X in a laundry, or to do light housework. Call or
address 221 Fillmore st. ■ '•
DANISH GIRL. WANTS SITUATION AT
general housework or upstairs glrL Inquire
at 414 Waller st. .■-•■".'.-
YOUNG W.iMAN WISHES A POSITION AS
X housekeeper. : Call at 11 Taylor street, room 6.
MART YOUNG GIRL. FROM THE EAST,
would like a situation to do second work or in
a small family. Please call 237 Natoma st. '
TVTEAT SWEDISH GIRL DESIRES SITUA-
-L'l tion In general housework: first-class cook;
will also do housework ; good wages. Address S.
G , box 104, Call.
yOL'NG FRENCH WIDOW WISHES SITUA-
X tion as cook . French or German preferred.
110 Sixth st., room 10. ■ s
yOUNG SWISS GIRL WANTS SITUATION
X in a private family to do cooking and general
I housework In private family. . Call or address 711
Mission st.
ANTED— SITUATION BY AN AMERICAN
woman to do -general housework: is a good
cook and laundress; no objection to a short dis-
tance in the country. A. W., box 19, Call. . ■ ■ „
r "UNG CREOLE WIDOW WITH A
X child, wishes a position as housekeeper; city
or country. Call or address 917 Market St., room
19, second floor.
PAMSH WIDOW, LATE FROM CITY OF
. Mexico, would like situation as housekeeper.
Apply 105 Larkiu St., room 2. -
' INCHES i ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR,
Market: 200 rooms: 26c to $1 60 per night;
$1 60 tos6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
IF IN NEED OF DRESSMAKER, CUTTER OR
X seamstress apply at McDOWELL Dressmaking
School. 636 Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE.
eThANSEN & OfX TI6~GE AH y'siCfUbT
• nlsh haymakers, threshing crews, harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men, min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock
men, . laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, , hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mail us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
TAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
0 best help. 314b Sutter St.; tel. Grant 30.
/"^HINKSK AND- JAPANKSE RKLIABLS
CHINESE AND BRADLEY&CO-. 640 Clay.'
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY ACO., 640 Clay.
pHINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best heln. 414 Vjs O'Farrell : lei. K. 428.
CTEADY, THOROUGHLY TRUSTWORTHY
0 young man, age 26. desires honest work in any
capacity; mercantile experience; ' reterences;
bonds: moderate wages.. H Earnest, box 19, Call. ■
•yOUNG MAN WISHES POSITION IN
X' wholesale or retail store of any kind: raised to
hardware; not afraid of work: a hustler. Address
H. W. A., box 129, Call. ■-. ; :
ANDY MAN, AGE 40, WANTS ANY KIND
of work : useful about house or store ; good
reference. Address Handy, box 31, Call.
FARMHAND A ND~TEAMSTER
XX wanted: steady work. Address F. H., box
100, Call office.
_________________________________
■\TINEYARDIST AND. WINEMAKER OK 8
V years' experience and with excellent references
wants a situation to take charge of a vineyard.
Address E. N., 338 Bush st. •
WISS COUPLE WANT WORK ON PRl-
vate place; wife good cook: man to work
about place. A. S., box 161. Call Office.
N HONEST, ENERGETIC >"IK-FOOTER
(age 33, weight 215) gentleman wishes posi-
tion as watchman for a person, bank, factories,
etc.: small salary; best of references: able to fur-
nish security, s. M., box 64. this office.
CAKI'KNTERANDALL ROUND MECHANIC
,\J handy with all kinds of tools wishes employ-
ment by the day or mouth; ci v or country. Ad-
dress carpenter, box 163. Call Office. ,
T/'LDKRLY HEALTHY MAN USED TO KITCH-
XU en work would like to have position' as vegeta-
ble man or do something else in ki.chen or else-
where for his living. Please call at ULTZ,
227 Minna st., bet Third and Fourth.
WANTED— WORK BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
» » man) to wash dishes, assist in cooking, wait
at ■ table or ; other work; ■ city or country. Please
address H. MILLER. 55 Second St., room 4.
JAPANESE— FIRST-CLASS COOK IN HOTEL,
restaurant, saloon or family, or any kind of
work for store, office, drugs. Address M., box 74,
this office. : - ; ' '
IJTJTLER AND VALET— YOUNG IRISHMAN,
XJ just arrived from the East," can furnish first-
class references, age :20 years, . height ' 5 : feet 1 7
inches, wages moderate, to ODtain a situation. Ad-
dress Butler, 1310 Harrison st. V
STEADY, RELIABLE YOUNG MAN WANTS
a situation as porter, Dellboy or elevator man
In hotel, or will work In saloon or kitchen. Ad-
dress HARTLEY, care Grocers' Exchange, 301
Battery st.
l^Y AN EXPERT STENOGRAPHER AND
1 » typewriter and all around office man. familiar
with law, commercial and railroad work. . A. E.,
box 17, Call uffice. .- ??'-:■ , : . . "
:\ I AN AND WiFK, GOOD COOKS, WANT
i'l position mining, boarding- bouse or institution.
Address M. W., t.ox 72, Call Office. ;V , ~ >
yoUNG BARBER WISHES A POSITION TO
X finish traae; country preferred. Third and San
Car pi, San Jose, Cal. "■' . ."." .'. " -. y .\ .•„.!••;'■??-■- '.';■'-
■ youNG man JUST FROM the EAST will
X give violin |or piano | lessons in exchange for
room in private family. Address Y. M., box 81,
; Call Office. . J . . •;. :
FIRST-C LASS COACHMAN, SWEDE.WANTS
X situation; has excellent references. "-: Address S.
C, box 115, Call Office. : .:.,".- "-." , -"-."'- .'. ''-'■
IV' JNCHKSTfc:R HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'• Market— Electric lights in every -room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 ■to $8 per
week: free bus and baggaee to and trom the ferry.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
•11. Market— Electric " lights In every room 200
rooms: 26c w $1 50 per. nigh:: $1 50 to $6 per
week: fr«»- him and hnirgx" 'o »n'l from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
Walitrkss7*^ount r y, cook, $36:
second girl, »20; 12 house«ork girls, cltr and
country, $20 and $25: -8 young girls ; assist, $10 to
$15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. • "..' .■■.-■-■.-:'
/"I ERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN OR FRENCH
VX seamstress and ■' chambermaid. $25. MISS
CULLEN. 323 s m t«r st. __
C'IHAMBKRMAID, $18. MISS CULLEN, ! 323
\J Sutter st. "■". ■:. ..".:■:.' .'" ■ ■'■ ' " ". • .* : :.r'^
A UNDRESS AND -CHAMBERMAID, $25.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. .
Cl ERMAN OR v sWi-DISH HOUSEWORK
VX girl. 3 In family, $25. MISS CULLEN,-; 323
Sutter at. ■-.:-.'•• :•;■•'.'■:'"■.*•.-■ ""• r V. \ ' ".-" -;' ;■':' ;:'-■■
■YTEAT GIRL, HOUSEWORK; GIRL, S
J-* family, $15, country. MISS CULLEN, 823
Sutter. .'-:,-, ■..•':■;.•:.-.•:;■.■■■- ■■.■.■ ;. ...: :
WANTED — PROTESTANT COOK AND
J !.- laundress, a short distance, $25: second girl,
*-'O; German or : Scandinavian: cook, 3ln family.
$30; 4 cooks In German families, $25 and $30;
Herman nursery governess," $20; 4 waitresses and
Ciembermalds. hotel etc., and " others. 'J. F.
CKOSKTT A CO., 312 Sutter st. : : - -
IV ANTED— IRONER, FRENCH LAUNDRY,
J " $20 . to : $25; ,2 second girls, $20: French, wai-
tress and parlor-m:ild, $25; i. 2•■ French : girls for
country,' sls: German cook and housework, small
family. $25 ; _lr!s *-i for - housework ■>■ and < assist.
LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st. ■:'-■■,' ■
GERMAN HtiUSEGIRL, SMALL AMERICAN
KM family. $25; German girl, $20; 4 gills, 1 _OU»e-
-work, $15; second girl. $20. ; 315 Sutler St. ; .
1 (\ WAITKKSSJES; DIFFERENT . COUNTRY
X\f hotels; $20:. fare raid ;.^ apply early. MUR-
R*Y A READY," Leading Employment Agents,
634-636 Clay su y.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
T7<IRST-CLASS COOK," PRIVATE family,
X 1 city, $25; girl for second work, city, $20: young.
inexperienced girl > for second work ; girls ' for
housework, city, $15 , and ; $20. C. R. HAN SEN
<fc CO., 110 Geary st. "
WAITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL, SEE PAR-
-11 i v here at 11 to-day, $20; 2 waitresses, hotels.
city, $20; head waitress.- hotel, city, $/6 to $30;
waitress, i restaurant, : city,: $15 and 1 room. C. R.
HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary St.
MILY HAMILTON, THE HEAD WAITRESS,
please call or communicate with C, R. HAN.
SK.. A CO.. 110 Geary St. ; * - '-'
AIT RESS FIRS i -CLASS COUNTRY HO-
tel, $20, see party at our office 10 o'clock this
morning: waitress, hotel north, $20; woman with
a child, $10, and others. y MURRAY A READY,
Lead i Kmployment Agents. 634-636 clay st.
yOUNGGIRLTO ASSIST IN FAMILY OF 2:
X short distance country: $10 per month: good
home: fare paid. MURRAY A READY, 634-636
Clay st.
7 C"- WOMEN: AND GIRLS TO CUT AND CAN
•— ' fruit, $6 10 $9 a ek: see parties in office,
2 P. M. :. MARTIN'S, 729 Market.
" VI' ANTED— COOKS. CHAMBKRMAIDS AND
.1 V girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis.
AITRKSS, CITY; $20. HOTEL GAZETTE,
420 Kearny si. .
\\r ANTED— GIRL FOR SECOND WORK
1* who understands cooking: German or Swe-
dish; references required; wages $22. 410 Van
Ness aye. .
(^ IRL TO ASSIST WITH GENERAL HOUBE-
VT work.. Apply 20 Albion aye., bet. Sixteenth
and Seventeenth, Valencia and Guerrero.
PROTESTANT GIRL FOR GENERAL
X housework; $15 with wash. 812 without; ref-
erences. 1837 Mission st., 10 to 12 to-day.
W OMAN PAST 21 TO ASSIST IN HOUSE-
'» work and learn manicuring. Call after 10,
116 Taylor st. " ...
p ERMAN OR SWEDISH WOMAN TO DO
VJT washing Mondays. Call bet. 9 and 12, 426
O'Farrell st. '
pIRL TO ASSIST GENERAL HOUSEWORK,
IT sleep. home, $2 50 per week. 1914 Leaven-
worth st. - ~
p ERMAN COOK FOR MILK RANCH; CALL
vJ early. Employment Office, 306 Mason st.
IRL, GENERAL HOUSEWORK: SMALL
family; $15 month. 1628 Fellst.;9 to 12 a.m.
GIRL OF 15 YEARS TO ASSIST LIGHT
T housework. 1633 Golden Gate aye.
WA T D — GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK.
Bakery, 226 Pacific st.
rpAILORKSS ON COATS. 724 HOWARD NT.,
X near Third. - . • . -
p IRLS WANTED. APPLY ETTINGER'S, 723
VJ" Market st. .
yoUNG GIRL, APPRENTICE, HAIRDRESS-
X ing and manicuring. 131 Post St., rm. 20. ' ■
p ERMAN WOMAN OR GIRL, _IGHT WORK,
VJT $10. Call 260 E'lis. - .
WANTED— AND GIRLS TO WORK
on fruit. Apply Immediately, CALlFOßNlA
CANNERIES CO., Bran nan st., between Third
and Fourth. -^BBSfiS
T ADIES TO SELL FACE AND HAIR SPE-
XJciaities; hairdressing, beauty culture, eta,
taught; free to agents. MRS. BUTLER. 131 Post.
IRL TO GO TO MILL VALLEY; LIGHT
housework. Apply 2209 Devisadero st., be-
tween 10 and 1 p. m., Friday.
p ERMAN GIRL FOR HOCSkWORK; COUN-
\JT try town: small family; no washing; $20; see
party here. 509 Kearny st., room 8.
\\T ANTED— "GOOD IRONER .ON STARCH
11 work: $1 50 per day. Address Watsonvllle
Steam Laundry..
ANiB FINISHERS WANTED. 641 MAR-
X ketst." •''-■:■-.:■':
ANTKD— TO TAKE CHARGE OF
an office. L. A., box 74, Call.
TAT ANTED— WOMEN AND GIRLS TO WORK
"On fruit. CUTTING' FRUIT- PACKING
CO., 1150 Harrison st.
p ERMAN GIRL, SPEAKING ENGLISH, FOB
VJ general housework. 51 Fifth..- ■■-■
TEAOY GERMAN GIRL TO DO GENERAL
0 housework; wages $16. Call 12 Eureka st.
UICK FINISHERS ON PANTS FROM $6 TO
$7: also some $3 to $4 per week; steady work j
to good hands. SO7 Clementina St., nr. . Fourth.
PUTTING, FINISH YOUR OWN DRESSES; !
\J $1 a week. FLYNN. 14 McAllister St., r. 67. j
HAIRDRESSING. 260 AND 35c: MORNINU
and eve classes; 10 lessons,*! 60. 1248 Mission.
AIR-DRESSING: MANICURING LESSONS
given MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell St.. 105 9th.
"I EARN CUTTING, FITTING AND FINISH-
XJ ing: $1 a week: patterns cut 10 order, 25c up-
McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market st.
Vf OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECT
JX Winchester House, 44 Third St.. near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $3
p«TWf>kvHw 'hvi-; and haeea?»- - oan<l from terry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
ANTED— 6"mTsn""tO~PICK~A W ND^DRY
11 prunes .for large orchard near city, 76c per.
day and found; 6 miners, $2 and »2 50perd»y;
coachman, near city, $25. and found; coaenman,
for city, $35 to $40 and found, references required:
b acksmith's helper, $20 and found and Increase;
buttermaker, $30 and found, steady job: gardener,
nice place, $25 and found; also,' farmers, milkers,
cooks, waiters and dishwashers. .W. D. EWER &
CO., 626 Clay st. . .
SECOND COOK, HOTEL, $60: JHORT-OKDER
cook who can open oysters for a cafe, country,
$40; pastry cook and baker, hotel, $40: dish-
washer for springs, $-0; German cook, country
hotel, $30; dishwashers, potwashers. etc.. $15 to
$25. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 110 Geary St.
ASCON POTWASHER; FIRST-CLASS
VJ hotel; $30. C. R. HANSF.N&CO., HOGeary.
on GRAPE-PICKER* TO START THE LAT-
— " ' ter part of the month : 2 farmers and pick
fruit near city, *16 and found. C. R. HANSEJS _
CO., 110 Geary s:.
"DAILROAD LABORKRSTOGO NORTH; RE-
XV duced fare: no office fee; we ship Sunday. C.
R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
I_>RICKLAYERS *OR RAILROAD WORK: $4
X> a day and free fare. 'J. R. HANSEN A CO.,
110 Geary st. . ' '
COOK, $30: COOK. $30; WAITER, $8 WEEK;
waiter, $30: waiter- boy, $15 to $20: dish-
washer; carpenter, $1 day, found; stable man,
$35; ironer, $30; young man to learn blacksmith-
Ins, $20 and found ; milker, $22 60; , 2 wooJchop-
pers; boy for factory, $3; boy to learn tinsmith,
$3 week; liemakers: boy to work iv kitchen, $15.
MURRAY A READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. -
1 f\ GOOD SCRAPER TEAMSTERS; 2 WAIT-
1U ers. $25 and room; waiter, city, $20 and
room ; 20 grape p.ckers: young > man for fruit
ranch: young man to assist In small restaurant,
$12 and room: ■ young man for private boarding-
house, assist, etc., $10, room, etc.; men to chop
wood: helper ; for . carriage 1 blacksmitning : dish-
washer, $10 and room; bootblack. MARTIN'S,
749 Market st.
WANTED— AMERICAN BLACKSMITH, $40
11 and found; machinist, for country, $2 50 per
day: 2 miners, to sink shaft by contract, see boss
hereto-day; American.milker and farmer, $25:
4 laborers, for mine; cooks, waiters, German or
Scandinavian clerk for lodging-bouse, and others.
1 Apply to J. F. CROSKTT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
ANTED— FRENCH, SWISS OR ALSATIAN
»• couple; private family; country town; $50.
LEON: ANDRE, 315 Stockton st. -
KINTER— DO YOU WANT A SITUATION
worth $20 a week? Have you $125 to loan the
person securing same for you? . Money back in 30
days and " "sit" permanent if you are competent.
Address to-day Printer, box 99, Call.
ANTED — Al GENTS' FURNISHING
! salesman; must have a thorough knowledge
of the business and furnish good reference. Ad-
dress Gold and Sliver, box 97, Call Office.
ANTKD — -CLASS CHILDREN'S
clothing salesman; young man preferred who
must be genteel in . appearance. Address C. C,
box 160, Call Office. :>;. .
ANTED-A CLOTHING SALESMAN;
must be strictly first-class man: none others
need apply. Call from 3t06 f. Jt, 623 Market St.,
room 7. •■;;■ ', ■
TJOOKKEEPER AND SALKSMAN; GRO-
X) eery-store; , Stockton.' Address, with stamp
J., box 44, this office. . , •
\\r ANTED— A MAN TO WORK AROUND
11 hotel, r Cor. Bay and Webster.
ARBER WANTED. 36 EDDY ST. ~ ~"
GOOD TEAMSTERS, $1 PER DAY; BOARD
921 Broadway, room 10, Oakland. '••■.•■■ ■
"ANTED — FIRST-CLASS WAITER. 307
Second st. . -..-■.■-:,■
POATMAKERS. 641 MARKET ST. ~~"
T?IRST-CLASS SOLICITOR FOR ADVERTISE-
J. ments on picnic programme: liberal commis-
sion. _.; KERR, room 4, 10th floor, Mills build-
ing, 12 to 1 o'clock. -|. .:•;.:;, —
AKBKRS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
1 KAKBKKS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
-IJ P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
-JOURNEYMEN BARBERS' LOCAL UNION,
M .No. 'It. J. 8.U.A.. Emplmt Bnreau. 102 Seventh
IRST-CLASS BAKBtiR WISHES TO RENT
,X barter-shop, furnished, city or country. Ad-
dress E. L., box 88, Call office. .- V
AKBER-sHUP, 3 SIXTH ST.; ELEGANT IN
every respect and lease for sale. : •
I^OUR-CHAIR ; BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE
X cheap. Apply for G. M R., 210 Grant aye. -
mo GET A FIRST-RATE 15C MEAL FOR lOC
; X where ! strict civility, : cleanliness and order is
maintained, try Seattle restaurant. 137 Fourth st.
JI , EX Ic Sf KAK AND ONIONS, WITH COFFEE,
J.> sc; _ slue dishes free. 635 Clay su .-. ,: •--,.-*.
to A PANTS .TO . ORDER; i- LATEST STYLE
CI WERTHMAN Pants Co , 22% Geary st. ?!;.
EST PLACE IN. THE CITY FOR , SKCOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission su, near Grand Opora-
: house ; new calf shoes,' pointed toe, our mane, $2 50
and $3: 1 ladles', j gents' and children's I nilanc and
cast-oft shoes bought or exchanged.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— FOR THE UNITED : STATES
Marine Corps, U. S. navy, - able-bodied, ;. un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less than 5 >. feet 5 Inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions 10 becom • - citizens will be
accepted i this , important branch Of the naval
service offers special iuducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. 1 For further information apply at the
Recruiting. Office. 20 Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.'
NEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION. BET.
3d and 4th— Single tarnished rooms, nUht 15c to
50c;week $1 to $2 50;reading-room;strictest atten-
tion to morning calls: clean: quiet: open all night.
L)ARBKR-SHOP FOR SALE-OWNER LEAV-
i-) ing town. 871 Market su
MKN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c: LADIES, 40c;
done while you wait. 6:-.8 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, oi»p. Will A Finck's.S.F-
-lARGKsT STOCK OF SECOND- HA ND~SHt >ES
■I on hand: shoes to order, $3 50; hand-sewea
shoes, 55. 726i_ Howard st., bet. Third and fourth
lA/ INCHESTERHOUSK. 44 THIRD (ST., NEAR
" Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room; free bus an J baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
" some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN i
WEDDERBURN A CO., Dept. L. Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. c, for their >IbUO prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
WE HAVE A LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES
selling at less than one-fourth their value; cast
off shoes bought or exchanged. 56. Mission st.
LODG INGS, 6c TO 15c PER NIGHT; CLEAN.
Continental House, 521 laclli . below Kearnv.
\\' ANTED— MEN FOR CLEAN BEDS: 25c
»' night: $1 week. Rosedale. 321 Ellis st. ■. '
RY ACME HOUSE, 957 market ST., be-
X low Sixth, for a room: 26c a night: $1 a week.
1 INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
' ' sts. ; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c nigh.
. S.— REiVOVKD FROM 609 CLAY > TO 643
• Cay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, sc.
]||n_E.\ TO TAKE LODGING _T>loc ISC
X V>\J and 200 a night. including cofleo aua roll*
fcj!4 Washington sU, near Kearny. ■ .■
EST IN CITY --SING' E ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25. Cl 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
>„ ARE SHOE DOCTORS'; WE REPAIR
your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one- half the usual price; done while you wait.
E62 Mission St., between First and Second sts.
ROOMS 150 TO 75c PER NIGHT; 600 TO $1 50
per week. Oriental, 225 DrummsL
W ANTKD— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
• I to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, -till runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 160
large rooms: 25c per nigh' : $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— ROOMS,' ISc A DAY: $1
v«ek; rooms for two, -6c a day, $1 t>o a wee*;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay s_
Echo kufsis, «63Vi MARKET st.—
Rooms 20c. 25c. to 60c. niglit; $1 to »S week.
'[I I "TO FP:ED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
i'l all grocers keep iv .
VV ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
»i ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
\\T ANTKD — MEN TO Lr.ARN BARBER
' » trade; only 8 weeks recmlred: tools given and
cataloene sptit. s. K. Barb" r School. 1515 Howard.
, AGENTS 1 WANTED.
VI E W ANT TO ENGAGE ENERGETIC MEN
'» a_d women to represent the "Ladies' Home
Journal." Write or call at 78 Columbian Bid., S. F.
GENTS; BIG MONEY; OUR LATEST
proposition. Call Baxter Portrait Co., 432
Sutter st.
GENTS! BRYAN, SEWALL AND FREE
silver; McKlniey, Hobart and protection;
every voter will buy one or the other: do you want
the profit? T. PERSON, Manager; subscription
Department The Whltaker <fc Ray C 0.,723 Market.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
WELL-BROKEN BIKD DOG: MUST BE
" chean: give particulars. Address Napa -la-
chine Works, Napa, Cal.
LD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
V/ry. watches repaired. MUND, 1133% Mission.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, i I.Ui lllNu AMI JKVV
0 elr» to A. X ! X \'. '.>'l9 Six- ■ «♦ • wriii oosttL
MUSICAL instruments.
jTaccount" of^ the inxTre ase in my
p ano business, my old quarters on Market
st. are entirely too small; I have therefore moved
into my own building, at 526 Hayes st. , between
Octavia and Laguna,* where I can now display
over four times the amount, of instruments than
■ formerly ; I buy lor cash and in carload lots
and have no rent to pay I can offer any one desir-
ing a piano or organ better value for less money
than any other music bouse in San Francisco.
Respectfully yours, J.HARRY SCOTT.
A NOTHER SPKCIA_ INDUCEMENT . FOR
A' purchasing from ; Sherman, Clay A Co. ; ele-
gant new upright pianos, together with fine stool
and handsome cover, sold for $6 per month; only
$6 cash - payment required : ■ every <- Instrument
guaranteed. SHERMAN. CLAY <&.- CO.. cot
Kearny and Sutter sts., Pacific Coast representa-
tives of Stelnway A Sons' pianos. , '
_ltft BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT BOS-
*_s X_>U. ton make piano. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
djj-l A(\ ELEGAN A I" UPRIGHT. STOOL AND
tJpXtcU. cover on $5 Installments. 221 Leav'th.
ARGAIN— GOOD UPRIGHT. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister St., next Hiberuia Bank.
PAIR -OF. FINE MARSHALL * ~ WENDELL
XT uprights, $125 each: call and see our bargains.
MAUVAIs. 769 Market at.
CTUALLY THE BKST BARGAINS IN
Dianos, both new and second-hand at THE
F. W. SPENCER CO.'S warerooms, 933Market St.
G. BADGER, solk agent for HALLET
.<& Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 sac' to
! T>EFORK BUYING SEE H AIN E BROS.', BUSH
-D A Gerts and Knaba pianos: at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT A CO.. 324 Post st.
HICKERING, KNABK. STECK.VOSE, BTER-
J ling pianos; see our new piano lor $187; piano*
:qt renu BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrelt.
YRON iiAU/V, ;soa POST ST.— SOHAIEtt,
Newby A Evan*. Kriecs »nd other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS*. OLU&NEW
t_) H.'MULLER: maker, repairer. 2 I_ttha-»pl_ca.
, : HORSES.
<S*A(\(\ A TRUCK, TEAM AND HARNESS
<U) try U. in good order. Apply 38 (. allforma st.
T El BOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 600 SETS
XJ of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. .110 McAllister su. S. K.
"I CA SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND EAR-
XO\J ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys, j
rockaways, carts; must be sold. -1128 Mission st <
r\fil\ SET NEW-AMI SECOND-HAND HAR-
OV/U.ness; all kinds: buggy. wagon, carts, surrey
A rockawav; 40 cheap . horses. 15th and Valencia.
Af\ HORSES FUR SALE; ALSO WAOOS*
I\J buggies," carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horjs
Market, 3-7 six.h st. ; auction soles every Wednes-
cay. SULLIVAN i. DOYLE, Auctioneers. :
HORSES PASTURED: Sfc.Nl) Kilt CIRCD-
)nr. Th" Hvil> Ranch. 6^l 'omn-'Tclal st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES^
IpOR SALE CHEAP— SECOND-HAND' LAUN"-
dry wagons, bakery wagons, business buggies
and carts, at 346 McAllister st.
OR SALE CHEAP— GROCERY. WAGON :
nearly new. Call at 4035 Eighteenth gt.
I^OR r SALE— NEW KXPRE-SS WAGON. DE-
X! livery wagons and business buggies, new and
second-hand: very cheap. • 100 Golden Gate aye.
\TE\V AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LA UN-
-1.1 dry, milk and grocery wagons; also I rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st.
I,'OR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINE
X I carriages of every lption ; cash, notes or
Installments. Carvlll Mfg Co., 46-48 Bth St., B. F.
LIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVES;
O sample. IT. M. HKINKMAV. 109 Sansome at.
DENTISTS. ' '■....'
(^ROOME DENTAL ASSOCI.VnON776^MARr
\J ket si., bet. Third and Fourth; gas specialists;
only reliable agent for painless extraction; artifi-
cial teeth from $5; fillings from $1; extracting s')
cents, with gas $1. _ 1 ■ '■"" • . ,
IT' IRST-CLASS DENTISTRY: FIRST-CLASS
X prices; first-das* results: painless extraction
of teeth. Telephone * Main 6375. ■W.• C. HAR-
DINC-. CM.. .M.D., 500 Suiter st.. corner Powelt
I \H. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting wuei
plates are made; old : plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
|R. GKOBUK W. LEEK, Tj-E ■ GENUINE
'/ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work "or teeth.
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
I? ULL SET; OF ' TEETH, $7 ; WARRANTED
X five years; < xtraction, 50c; fillines, 50c-
crowns, $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
R.L. T. KAXZ-EX I R ACTION PAINLESS
crown ; work, ' bridge work «nd teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St.. tor. Grant ays. -.;
ffl«7 A sKT *OR Tj-b'TH; WARRANTED A.-*
<iP • good as can be made: flllinst $1. Dr. SIMMS.
dentist. 930 Market, st., next Baldwin Theater, j:
PA INLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; - CROWN
bridge work a specialty, plates, $5 up: la veari :
1 experience. j R. L. WALSH. .■ D.D.S.. 81534 Geary.
D... --UCKETT, ' 1703 - Po->T ■ ST., NEAR BU-
;cn_nan;"gas given; crown and bridge wort
LL. WORK . RJ-'.ASONABLK AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
/ IOL.TON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. »0« _AU-
\J ket at. - DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. .
DR. J. J. LEEK, I_OB MARKET, COR. GOLDKN
__Ghih_«v<».— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
■ J PHYSICIANS. ---
R.C^d'6'DONNELL, I2oTmXr_ET,^ COrT
Golden Gate aye. : diseases of women a specialty.
1 \ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market I st. his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of lair treatment;
tee worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail. . . 
_____ "typewriters. '.;..r -
REMINGTON, $40. $35: SEND FOR SAMPLE
' work. , SCOTT _ B ANNAN, 333 Montgomery.
• ~ 7 nwmlri'ninwir) n»iiiin 1 in < -
! PERSONALS^
iTeFINED^TaDT? FROM~BUTTE, TIIONT^
XV will go and give ladies : massage treatment at
their homes: also Juse electric medical battery for
rheumatism. Call or address M. M., 1605 Webster
St., Alameda, room 2. ' '
\\ ORRIS BERRY. FORMER FOREMAN
IVI Albert Miller's cloak store, has gone into busi-
ness wilh H. RIFLSIND, and opened an establish-
ment at 14 McAllister, Rms. 45-46: ladies', misses',
children's cloaks to order;flt guaranteed ;low priceg
DVICK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
clalty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HO WK,atty-at-law, 850 Market st,
LPOK MOST ARTISTIC HAIRDRESSING GO
X 1 to Up To Date parlors, 850 Market St., room 14;
halrdresslng and manicuring free to all, Wednes-
day, 10 to 2. .
RS. THOMPSON: CHIROPODIST, 101^_
Grant aye., room 10.
A T THK PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
J\. Institute, all cases trea:ed »nd medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or -write. 1029^. Market st.,
bet. Mxtn and Seventh, San Francisco, Cal.
\ RABELLA-HAVE BEEN USING "QUIN-
Jri. ON IA" Hair Tonic for my scalp and h ive had
no trouble; Mr. Lederer (111 Stockton St.). my
hair-dresser, sells it for 35c a bottle; he dresses
your hair just too lovely for 25c. MABELLE.
OLI.ISTER STABLES, SAN JOSE, RUN
stage to ML Hamilton at any time, but be sure
and get in your orders for August 25. Centennial
anniversay;/ tel. 397. JOHN LEFFLEH, propri-
etor, 280 south First st '
Yl ksTdh. walla ck has moved from
1»J 20% Stockton to 16% Turk, rms. 14 and 15.
1 f\fU\ BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED »1 50;
IUUU show cards, etc. HILL, 22% Geary sL
.T ADY, STRANGER IN CJTY, DESIRES GEN-
X_ tleman partner. 122 Post St., room '2.
IVOUCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage by United States Divorce Bureau; legal
everywhere. Add. P. O. box 2432. a. F., Cal.
USB AND AND WIFE LAWS. EXPERl-
enced Lawyer, 10-7 Market, above Sixth, rm.B
LL FACIAL BLEMISH KS, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles, scars, etc., removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
WATCH A JEWELRY REPAIRING. STONE
engraving, monograms, crests : low prices; work;
guaranteed. J. N. BR ITT A IN, 20 Geary st.
PAZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIAL I FINK
Xtedge put on razor,26c. Razor Exchge.63oMar_et
VELVET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome st., upstairs.
\\J OMEN'S ELKCTKIC SANITARIUM,
»» rooms 53 Maze building— New and scientific
methods for promoting heal h, beauty. Con. free.
ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE!
X and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
Classes: instructors, J. H. E. PartinKton, Gertrud*
Partin_ton, It. L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine.
RS. DR. PORTER. CHIROPODIST AND FA-
cial artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purest toilet articles. 126 Kearny St., room 47.
TJIG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW KVK-
X> ry night cor. Market find Sixth sts. : artistic aI.
vertlsements in living light; promoters of bun-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
"L7LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
X- Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
UITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rata
Taloring Company, 1117 Market st.,bet 7th and Bth.
T IBKIIAL ADVANCES ON DIAMOND-, J_lW«
XJ elry, etc. lowest ratoi. 948 Market st.
_D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COL.MAN. 41 'in. cor. Jessla.
DRESSMAKERS^
pvRESSES^?^ UP: WKAPjeEIIS^S~CENTS UP;
XJ lawn $1 ut). 50534 Natoma St.. above Sixth.
~ CLAIRVOYANTS. "~~"~
ROF. M. L. CARNELLE, CLAIRVOYANT
and business medium, gives advice on business
speculations, investments, insurance, love, settles
lovers' quarrels, reunites the separated and causes
a speedy and happy marriage with the one of your
choice; the earth reveals to him the treasure hid-
den in her bosom: he locates mines, Interprets
dreams, tells of your friends and enemies, removes
evil influences and tells you where to go to be suc-
cessful: send stamp for circular. 220 Eddy su;
hours from- 9 to 9.
iiANA THE GYPSY.
This remarkable woman has Just arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
in unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, iov.%
courtship, matrimony: she reunites the separated;
causes speedy aud happy marriage with the out
of your cnoice; lucky numbers given. 8 Turk at.
M__ PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card- reader, born v. ith a double veil and
second sight; ladies 50c gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jone_
M.K. ARNDT. UKtii FORTUNE TELLER IS
the world; 50c and *1. shows picture at ronr
future husband or wire. 4 Twelfth. Tel. Mint 621.
PROFESSOR WILLIAM TELLS PAST, PRES-
X ent a d future; gives names and answers writ-
ten questions: 50c and upward.} [83 Turk st.
\,IME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELi.S
i-'-J past, present and future: success to all; for-
tunes by mail: low prices. 856 Mission st.
p YPSY LIFE-HEADER, REMOVED FROM 5
VJT seventh to 11 Stockton; ladies 25c: gents 50c.
MX. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
\| ME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
111 business advice : names «iven:2sc up. 5 Fourth.
ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT; 25
yrs Kearny, now 929 Post; fee $1: letter $_,
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave; ladies, 25c; gents, sOc. 914 O'FarrelL
ISS C. MASCOTTA (LATE FROM CUBA),
card reader. 105 Larkln St.. room 2.
pLAIRVOYANT: LADIES ONLY; FEE 25C
v^ 41 Minna st.. basement.
SPIRITUALISM.
' V VERIT ABL_r^U^EN~AMONG WOMEN Id
MRS. DR. A. D." HOWE.
FEE $1 A UPWARD! FEE $1 A UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP. LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcait
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that lite is yet worth living
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so manr
thousands on this coast in the ten years pant, is
again at her old offices, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole lire revealed; success
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless: lbs
separated are united; the sick made strong ; tha
poor become rich: if you think your husband, wlfa
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 imitate her as the eternal heavens ara
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. She does
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) euro
every disease that human flesh Is heir to. and no
matter of how ions standing. rite if you can-
not call, for treatment by mall is always most sut>
cessful and satisfac ory. All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE »1 A UPWARD! FEK $1 A UPVVARDt
MRS.. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1320 Market st., opp. Seventh,
San Francisco.
PROFESSOR CHARLES. A. MINUO'S LEC>
X ture and test feting every Friday night, at
1133 Mission; lecture commences sharp at 8
o'clock.
T, ADIES' AID CARD PARTY AT FRIEND^
XJ ship Hail. 326 McAllister St., this evening;
admission, 10c.
ETURNKD— MRS. MAYO-STEEP. I^, MEDl-
uni. 1015 Market st., New Arlington, room 19;
readings $1. .
RS. ISA JULIE R. MATERIALIZING ME-
dium; seances Monday, Wednesday and Fri-
day evenings. 109 Taylor st.
, ( ISHOP GARKISO"","; MARKET: SEAN-
I ccs Tuesday, Friday even's, 25r; 10 to 4 daily.
D" R. TEMPLE RI.TURNED: TEST CIRCLE
to-night. 611 Polk; sittings dally.
MISS ME DA HA SKINS, TEST CIRCLE TO-
night; 25c. 136 Oak st.
I IKE-READINGS BY REV. MR. HOWLAND;
I ■ $1. 1 Fifth «'.. narior 1.
: ~~ - ASTROLOGY! ~
A STRA.L SEER-PKofThOLMES, 1 EDDY.R.
=i V 6 and 7; horoscopes, questions, advice, corre-
spondence
A> i ;uLOGY AND MEDICINK NATIVITIES
or questions answered: Prof. Howard's vital
remedies restore health. 311 Hyde st., 10 to 3.
LOST.
I"*~OST^FBOM "tTbITrON XuG?9. a"i?FOOT
■i Whitehall boat. Return to JAMES ENG-
LISH, Belvedere Boat house, Tiburon, Maria
County, Cal. - » ;
"I ITTJbK BOY'S COAT, MIXED CLOTH,
J^ trimmed 5 with brown braid, stamped' Hub
Clothing Store, lost- between Scott st. , Park and
Oct via st. Address 1436 I ost st.
Dot KETBOOK, ON .MISSION, NEAR SEVEN
XT teenth: money: name M. A. BOLLEY. 2050
Mission st.; reward.
SE BRINDLE AND WHITE GREYHOUND
dog; one white greyhound bitch. Return to
456 Stevenson St.; reward.
OST— PAIR OF OPERA-GLASSES. FINDER
return to 2013 Kllis st. and receive reward.
I OST— PA' OF PAPERS BELONGING
■XJ to the - undersigned. A liberal reward will be
paid for the return of the same to J. J. BAUER,
124 Sansome st- :
T OST-OOLD EYEGLASSES, WITH CHAIN,
Jj from Eighth. Market, Ninth and Tenth sts.
Return to 128 Tenth st.: liberal reward.
I LADY'S GOLD WATCH AND FOB;
lJ name Inside. Return his office: reward.
found!
L/OUND-ON TWE^T^FIFTH^StT^INQ
X* with initials M. and H. 1236 Alabama st.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS. ~~"
FRANK ATTORNEY- A T-LAwTrOOM
421. fourth floor, Parrott building (Emporium).
ILLS, DEEDS, - ETC. L. SONT.A G, ATT V
and Notary, 116 Market; res., 2126 Howard.
JOHN K. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
- at» and ! 27, Crocker building; telephone -lain
75, San Francisco, Cal. '
JOHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHER.
attys at, law, rms 510,316, sth floor, Parrott bld_B S S ES ? (HAMKv
QQ^n PARTNER IX SAL^NrAKO'jtRE^
O-v"t lanrant: Western Addition: choice lo- I
eatloa: nre chance. * ILK!-: _ WO..F, 531 Cal, J
OAA A LoON . DOWNTOWN LOCATION; i
• •)' 'V. low rent: average daily rtCripts, »12; i
bargain. WILKE _ Wti-F, i>»\ California st. |
C r vf) <'LD-t>TABT.ISHr.D LOiWhR SA- .
O ». c/v/. loon o:: Sa.soics at. doing lame day i
business: btrat c!a.«s of custom; enly buyers need '
apply^ ■v I . XX. 631 California s . I
_.lAAA CORNER SALOON: SURROUND-
-0 i"VU. m by warehouses and commission-
stores; with li vi rooms; owner kept place 10
years: rare chance. \KILK E. 581 California st.
<<J(^)(i COKXf:B FRENCH uacoH-
~l\.'\J\J. store; es ablished *.'O years: stock on
band worth the money: horses; wagon* iiv._g-
rooms. WILKE - Wu'LF, 531 California st.
09->nn coknzr'grocery and BAR:
C*-«.vf_ 1 . 1 Western Addition; doitic Urge basl-
ness; rare chance. WIi.KE. 531 Callfon
< •>>()( I SHOESTORr.; CHOICEST LOCA-
*-•'— •— V/V». tlon: tare* ca-h ens om: kept by
present owner 10 '•ears: very rare chance- icvf*.
ttgatesoon. WLKE - WOLF. 531 C-lliornjit si.
<*jit 1 r E r .u'raxt. DOING LARGE
<- %J\J\J . business: rent 827 SU: Western A <3di-
ttonj owrtrkfDt place for rears.; mcsisaailflc**;
I; vestiitate a-, once: very r*re chauce. WILKE
— Wolf, 531 California st.
<OZ. A MAN UF ACTU RIN«F~B US I > kS S:
V«>«J\-'. good chaoce for ,iv -. active man to
get Into a fine Baying business; this will bear :tor-
ouch in\-estiitaUon; part cash. UKO. STEWART.
602 Market st.
<•)•;' TEAMING AND EXPKEssi: FINE
O— '—•«-». large wagon: - horses; best stand in
city: hauMnc&mo-jnts $4 to .*8 p~r day: this is a
bargain. Gr.O. -TKWA HVI Market.
< X "^(k FRUIT AND PRODUCE: ULEGANT
«3?«J« piace; best iocaiioa In theci:v: thief
nice living-rooms: eneaprpnt: goo.-. fixtures; _»,«
tine horse and aaconand doing a nrst-c.a— busi-
- neas. Ofc. STgw ART, 6Q-J Market st,
< 1 f_fl partner wanted:- saloon;
\,,-l*J\J, good corner location; big stock- line
fixtures, cheap at $250: »cc to-day. GEO.
-TEW ART, 60-i Market tn. *
/i REAT BARGAIN IN CIOaK. STATIONERY
VJ" an-! laundry office- BARRETT, 1125 Market.
V 1 7^ CANDY-STOHfc— ICECREAM SJODA
Cl i 1). foantala; complete outfit for roaklng
candy; finely fitted up: doing kooi basu-e&a; \a
I location: best reasons for srilin;: fine place for
two ladies; candy can be made lathe store: trial.
bee BARRKT'I at 1125 Market St.. cigar-ata^d.
l<9Xj k BRANCH BAKERY. STATIONERY
*jO\-'. and candy store: 4 living-rooms- low
rent: co:ng business of 13 to flu per day: same
party 3 years. See BARRKTI. 11-J5 Market ■_,
at cigar-stand.
Ql^A FRUIT AND VtiiE'l ABLE SiQRK:
\r-l-xJ\J. he*-, location: receipts average «15 a
<!ay; horse anl »»:oa: low rent; Uving rooms.
BARRETT. 1115 Market su
"V^OTICE— DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR
-.1 business promptly? HEALY. £3 Kearny st.
aXA(» CITY.FRONTCORNKK LIQUOR SA-
O«JUVJ. loon: dome a business of.$SQ per
raonth: cardrooms; full value; selling on accoun:
of sickcess. W. F. HEALY. '.'3 K-arny St.
fljj 7' LIQUOR SALOON, market st :
O"i • v. business of «la per day: u-iat before
purchasing. .- pply W. F. H KAI.Y, '.'3 Kearny v.
0~ NEJF THK FINEST CORNER OROCEKY
VJ and bar: line of cable-cars; a . fresh eoo«Js-. 4
living- rooms: b»r trade Zl- per day. UEALY, 2a
Kearny st.
QCrrv RES lAUR A N 1 AND CHOPHOUSE:
V. O«JV.'. splendid business location; wills-.l*t
a bargain; rare chance. Apply 632 Market s&,
rcorn 8.
1/Tn COFFEE SALOON, CHOPHOUSE;
•~ "lv/L'. first-class location: good running order;
basice<sspe&ifs for itself: must sen ; dlsamreement
partnership; i_cri_ce to c_»h buyer. 634 Market
(■:., room 8.-
TTaTtL TO LEASh FOX A TERiI OF . EARS:
II new 6-story and basement brirk. building, con-
taining fS rooms: »1- trround-Soor and we'!-
HEh:ed basement: centrally located, half b.oc<c N
of Market St. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
i-mporiu_> building? newly furnished throughout;
furniture for s_ ie on re* *oaabie ;ern.v For f ar-
tter particulars apply to fc. SILVtRBEKG, 320
bansome St.. room 39 .
T" P. SALE— OF THE O_DE-?T AND
-T best-Known liqaor-s:ores, in the very heart of
the city, together with 1 fine stock of wines.
Hqoors. etc: fixtures in first-class order; to those
looking for business this is the c*>st *tand in city:
sickness tee cause- of sale. Address lor particu-
lars K. M.. box 100, Call. .
pOLD MINI— WAN Mitl.\ta 1X» _.- ■
VJ Bistowaerin making furtaer develop_ens:
the prospects ars quod acti an excellent oppor-
tunity 0 make big money; the property is situ-
ated i.on? ef thS) v«ry best mining districts: toll
parijculsr* given. Addre&s Mice, box 31, Cait.
pOOD PAYING BAKERY FOR SALE IN
VJ co-n-y seat o: EOtX) inhabit nts: halt block
from coar:house: cheap rent: 6 living rooms:
good wagon route and store trade. For particulars
inquire in Loan oSice, 39 Four su
QX-fi SALOON ON MARKET si.: AVER-
•_ O*J\J. age daily receipts $'20; rent only $50;
owner ransi leave c.tv en account ot sickness.
Inquire in wine cellar, S4l Ca iforr-'a M
*CftA PAKDKK WAAit.D 4.\ Gi_NTJi__
tiT O\J\Jm business that wi.'J clear $200 a moaik:
no experience required; a ctance seldom offered.
m Market s;.. room 1.
QOjjH HALF OF FINE BUSINESS; 20
>_OV'\i. miles from San Francisco; $75 month
and to&rl to each guaranteed. 4061 Nlneleent-
street, near Castro.
VINE OPENING- FORACI'IVE DfiY-GOODS
X man in rap.:" 1 .::- growing ceiehborhojd; cor.
Thlro eve. and Ciezsent at., with 4 rooms: sutro
cars pass door. D DASUKiiS, 101 California st.
( ■O- L- «jPFjRTUNITY: J»E_LJNi* OUT TO
VJ close estate: business ml. sices 18«$9: amocn:
needed 54U.000: owner will remain if _rrangen<eu:
can be made. Addr--ss F. D., box 137. Call «.)3it-i
T7"OR SALE IN >AN JOSE— WELL-PA YING
r loan office; estabiisbed In 1572: present owner
rrUring account oi out age. AUcr_»* a. green-
BERG, san Joae. CaL
QlQrt RARE BAKGAIN; CONFhCTION-
•_ i «U. err.b-kery. grocery, <i:a.iotjery. notions,
cirarand co#ee-(/-rior: 4 l:vins-ruoms; cheap rent.
450 Sixth st. '
E"XTRA CHANCE FOR A GOOD GENERAL
blacksmith, wnere most — 1 the rent Is taken out
In tori. Inquire at 70$ Ivy aye., CHARGES
ALPKsS.
PRIVATE HOSPITAL FOR SALE IN THIS
I city: sellable for - professional ladles: clears
•200 per month. Address D. G., box 55- ibisofiice.
\J AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. I OWAN BUYS
_»- stores: negotiates mortgssres on m c rcr.acc:??:
sells on commission. Room 15,26 Montgomery.
*QA|| FIRST -CLASS BUTCHKR-SHOP:
•J^o'-'V'. business and loca .on -00-!: lease; in-
vestigate. Addre»s\V. W., cox 13*. Call Office.
OR BARGAINS IN BtSTACKAMS, SA-
loons, c.'g-Mtands, eo_yar4s- grocery and bars,
etc.. see UNDERWOOD <fc CO^ 76 Market st.
I\\T ANTED— PARTNER WITH $100 tOR _S-
-11 tablished candy and icecream paricc 906
Seventh St.. M— r-et-st. station, Oakland.
i«ARGAIN; SALOON; BAR RECr.IPT>S3S
1 » to flB daily: rent $20: near San Francisco.
Apply H. M. COVERT, 218 California St.
•POR SALfc— A GOOD PAYING SALOON AND
i-"OR SALK— A GOOD PAYING SALOON AND
1 cigar sta d. cenniily :oca:-d. Inquire Wica-
; MAN. LLTGKN _ Co.. 318 Clivy s 1 -
A_OON AMI LIQUOR-STORK: BUSINESS
speaks for itself: must sell at once; will in-
voice stork. Call to-day 256 Kast su
• -r'IRST-C-.AC!!: SALOON BUsINKtsS; ESTAB-
X lished for years retiriogon account of old a,.-.
.. ' Apply s_ioon, 777 Market st
AKLAND ROUTE oN EVENING BUL-
ietin for tale; clears $95; 42000. Apply 962
Broaiwav, oaklar.d.
T\E_ICACIES AND NOTIONS STORK; 4
x) fine living loom*, large yard; low rent; cheau
Apply Call Ofliea.
WANTED— 2 SOUND HORSES. HAR.\£->S
TT and wagon: cheap. 1080 ranches su, near
Twenty-fourth. ■■ • ■•■ .-•
OB SALE— A BLACKSMITH BHOP, TOOL:-,
build nc and s:oc_; a snap. Addre&s _, box
2L C— l Office.
TNTERIOR AGENCY OF CALL FOR SALE;
1 will pay SIM) per month; price £4000. Apply
th— office. ■
pOOD-PAVI.NO BAKERY FOR SALE. I\-
VI quire C. &EIBT, U. S. Bakery, box 32&
, Pet— lama.
AIRY PRODUCE AND DELICACIES
store. 4 living room-, lor sale cheap. 1008
Hyde st. 1 ' - ' -
SINGLE EXPRESS RIG AND STAND FOR
sale. App y- grocery, Seventeenth acd Doieres.
StjrkA PAP.TNKR ANTED; IRON AND
_Ul'. wire works; see owner. 1235 Mission.
SALOON TO~"_ETr"FrXTURE?~FOR~SALE
cheap: everything complete. 701 Batt»ry »_
OT_l"to rURNITCRE FOR SALE,
226 Michigan, 1 pp. Union Iron Works, Pot r«ro.
' oonnn *"or HALF INTERKST in MAS-
•> OUUU nftcmri % bnslnns- 3*2* i;a»h.rooru 4.
nBOC>BY-?TOHE FOR SALE: . O '.E TO
' T ltt; fine location. Cor. Duncaii and Guerrero.
IGAR, STATIONERY STOKE: GO-. I LOCA-
t!on; rent flO. -SKIFF — CO., 921 Market st.
.VfiINEER COUNTRY FLOUR MILL WITH
$500. M. C- Gl LIVBAY, 1028 Market st.
WANTKD— O'OD HOKSL AND WAGON
I? tor troit business; cheap. A., box 12, Call.
PARTNER » ith $100 in GOOD BUsINKSS;
1 handle own money. P.. box 72, Call Offica,
OOD COkXEK fAL-ON HALF ITS j
vatoe; owner going East. 1324 Mason st- :
• TT ARNE&3 SHOP FOX SALK CHEAP. APPLY !
If _ D. &TON E<_ CO., San Francisco, Cat j
VOII sTl_ — CHEAP; A WKLL-ESTAB-
f lished >al!or-scop. Apply 1910 Pol* si.
AL«X>N: LONO LKASE: U)W KENT. ■•' AP-
p'y at Anchor Brewery. 1431 Paclflcsu
FOR~SAT:K-COFFEr>MILL AND SCALE?.
Inquire 533 Bir b »w., near Lagona gt. ;
i>AK_RY FOR SALK: HORSE AND WAGON
I) at a bargain. Call at 1675 Market st. '
A I .1- . GROCERY AND BAR: STOCK A -■> D
gl_U. Hxtores. Apply Call office.
Cfl '/i <;oii_>. CHEAP DOWNTOWN BUSI-
C* 1 '"-'• ness. '.-'-- -■•'--'
SETTING mac h i k s . '
LiTkTnDs BOUGHT, SOLD, KXCHA.XGEft I
tea ted, repaired; lowest rate*. WVS X oaxtix s_ J
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
*> VRJoOM*Tor3__l HOTJSB $1 400
— ••> 9 rooms c;ea ing (5U per month .... 300
10 rooms on Taylor, clearing 910. 400
12 rooms, only i 150 cash and payments-...; 600
'20 rooms, corner, 0n1y... 1500
14 rooms. fJO ■> cash, balance payments..... 300
50 houses. a to 140 morns, from $30 to. SO JO
I SELL AND EXCHANGE - -
REAL ESTAI'i'. Ni' BUSINESS PLACES.
DrCKEK. 1020 Marie, st, opposite Fifth.
] iIN«-HOCBI 72 ROOMS; GC"OD I.OCA-
J i tioa : rooms nearly . ail rented : present owner
many years: rent reasonable; bargain to cash
buyer: isTesiigaUon suliclted, $32 Market su,
room 8.
1 'A ROOM INGI- HOUSES FOR CASH AND
1 yl" payments: see our bouses and prices before
buyinK. UNDERWOOD <fc >. a , 765 Market st.
<£P\£\fV U "ROOMS, ELEGANTLY FUR-
• ')i)\J. n'.shed; «•», nut: north of Market: rent
$45. clears $50; ctnsr sickoe_. . SKIFF A CO,
V n Mar-et su ■-.-.-
T~l^f YOUR HOUSKS WITH MRS. A. M.
Jj ELKINS.4I Ih»d7 stre-rt: call or telephone
Jessie 411; some gcxKi houses for sale now.
I 'Ji > HOUhKS; 9300 Tvl -9&000. PH-LPs A
i O\J CO.. 917 LarKin su
< ,rfkn P-KOOM HOUSE: SUNNY SIDE;
O*JUU. fnrn'.tura almost new. 706 Ellis St.,
room & -
i 99 ROOMS; NO REASONABLE OFFER BE-
_._. tntf'i; investigate. 1235 Market »t.
I .OARDINO-lloL'cE: 26 ROOMS: RENT $35;
li seliin,- arcoont sickness. 11l Twenty-snth
>r.. near 'li.- • t
FIKNITI'KK FOR SALK.
T : iittr^ALoT~~ > ~ H '^*~~~^
' x Prices »tanl tUI goods are completely dis
posed of. • 1 : '■
Oaiib«dset.i • 1 2 53 ,
Bed lounges ""«
! Moves.. ..........:.. 7 *9
; Carpets, per yard **
Linoleum, per yard ~~
\ Slatting, per yard .~. v
Til our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such tim« we are conducting bnslutsi
•t -1-1 corner beveut- ana Mission st— J.
OO X A .
! r'URNITURK 7 BOOMS: ALL COMPLETE;
Xat great sacrifice. 133 seventhjU_
~ry L. ' J~NKCMANN 7 s. 117 sixth, FOR
A. lowest prices 03 household eoods. new or £O<H
un;«: caaa erUme. op^B eveainti.
i ii.|| i .'-.-. 1>; I HAMBKR bETS, $11
•rl'U More* «5 parlor sets. *20: f o'.dln--b«ri v
fin; hxi- nnng<>». gf T. P M^ARTHV 11-.' 4- ■
I FIRMTIKK AY ANTED. ~
B* UCKINGKAM Tuk^itTke^ ca PAYS
highe* price for furniture, carpet*, etc. : aend
I postal, soa Minion s'.
H-iTPRICE PAID FOR FUitNl.
tare- J. CPRTIa. 1.39 Atarket; send postal.
O SELL FUKNITURK TO ADVANTAGE TRY
M. SILVhR>To.IN,SS9 Howard «t. :send postal
I T C. MUTHEK, 63-' MAI. KM. PAY a HIGH
!O . eat cash prices for rait aw and merchaudlse-
1F YOU WANT GOOD PxtICES FOR FL'RNt-
tnre and m»tcbat>dl»e *»» BURP, ill Larkln.
INDIANA AUCTION CO.. MtTCCESSORa TO M.
XJ. SIMMON—' aoc. Co . 1057 Market, pays cash
CARPET CLEANING.
J: . FICM -5 AND 27
J . ..us:.: teL Jessie IQol. _
i /"1 * Ri'tr CLEANING. 3<-: LAYING. so; 555
'sample* tree: tei. Jesaio »44- Str-Uon. l»8th ai.
Kt.AT WESTERN CARPET-BE aTI.V
works; latest mafh!a»ry. cleaning 3c and lay-
Ing 3c yd. G. OKORqE. li Bth; phone Jess.c 253.
\»,-HEN YOU BECOME DIsGUsTED WITH
' »V poor worK»tnd to SPA ULDING"* Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehams st. : tei. So 4t>.
" uXKUA'SfAUftT tJ-.A'l l.Nu WORK- jji
I Goi<Jen «_» aye.: teiephone ess: 126.
[ / «l ;"1 &I_AMCAKPI.TCI_.ANING,RENOVA.
V tine. Sa e:h. "TEVKNS. mscr. TeL froota -'53.
! /-IARPJiJS CLEANED AND KENOVATS-
VJ like aew. FERGUSON A CXV -» Tenth: v*.
feccth as. D mackintosh a Co.. taccesson.
! "1 _. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN LNU CO- JiJ
»l . ',4-h »-.;r:»aninz -- a r»rl. Tel Ml^sloa 7t.
__ _ BICYCLES. www^ v
TTdI^^TTk^TYkTmE WHEKL, 35^- '93' 1
J- Ben Hur, 960: Tribune. 950; Ben Hur Tan-
[ dem and «''93" Fowler, almost new. DAVIS
I BROS., 25 Geary st. '
I nKVCU.SA.SD -TANDr.MS BELOW COST
13 to 00 se oat stock. W. CRANE, 324 Pos: su
rOR SALE-NEW 189« BICiCLE; SMI
X* DAVID N. HAWLEY, 313 Market a:.
W INFIELD PEARSON. 216 MCALLISTER?
. Headgoarters Lo-ml-nnm and Thistle bl.-yci ki -a
I.ARGAJNINA STEARNS TANDEM; ALSO
I > single wheals. 306 Post sU j
PARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _ET?
T best accommodailons. Termini— Geary. Mo-
AUUt«r tag Powll st. car lines.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
V " ARt.E NEW AW D POW_itFic~£rTR_CTION
JL - engine cheap., P. F. DUN DON. 314 M—m St.
1 ADV IN REDUCED CIRCUMSTANCES
1 - most sell some old ana rare Sevres ware. Ad-
dress Immeclaie, box4J, CaU Office. -
MONARCH WHEEL FOB SALE; GOOD
condition. 1149 Folsom st.
RESH COW; RICH MILK; GENTLE FOR
family. 1313 Folsom st. -
•IO NICE LIGHTBUGGY. 115 SECOND
(...■IO. su, upstairs.
' L" 1 LOWER GARDES; 3 ""GREENHOUSES:
X residence: water; all complete. 809 La rkin St.
rOR SALE CHEAP— ONE &5-HOR3KPOWER
X engine, boiler, shafting and pu.leys. W. E. LEE,
; Twenty- fourth su and Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
9 HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
— gine; good as new; $90. Apply 215 Bay st.
PICTTJRIXFRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9 IN,
-TlOc: Bxlo and 10x12, lie ; 11x14 and 12xlS,
20c.: 14x17, 25c: 16x20, 30c.: 18x22. 35c: 20x
•-'4. 45c: t-xM in., 60c. JONES, 547 Miss on s_
i JARS, SHOWCASES, CO UN TERM, SHfcLV-
t) Ing, etc.. bought and sold. 1063 Mission su
SPLENDID REMtNUTON TYPKWRTTER,
0 945: others from 940 up. REVALK. 309 Cau
GOOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
pallrys, shafting, etc W. L. SAN FORD,
j 415 Washington at.
■L>VJIL_R.-S,ENGI>EJS.2D-HANDMACHINKRY.
Xj waterptpea Mclntosh — Wolpman. 137 Besis.
BUY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND HAVE
ii them repaired; separate parts sold and shipped.
; San Franc: aco Baby Carnage M'f g. Co.. 44 i Sixth.
i 'iiL-Ni X X S. tHELVIM,, ' -HOWCAsKd
VJ bought an 1 sod. ll'-'li*. Markeubeu 7th _ Bth.
. UILDiNo-5 UOUGHT; LUMBER, SASH_o
' ' doors, mantels. etc tit sale. 11M Mission.
Ml sMALi^ MEDIUM AMi LARGE .-I_3
Ere and bnr*!=r proof safe. 109. 11l Mark« A.
"lure AND JIURGLAR safe, letter-
x press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 103 Clay
YiW RANGES CHEAPER THAN 6ECONU-
1> -and. **. S. RAY Mfg Co.. 13 C-»for_as-
EDI'CATIOML.
STIEHL'S "SHORTH AND^ AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st ; expenses less and
scholarship belter than elsewhere; day and nighu
■-. RES'. THE LKADLNu SHORTHAND COL-
!ege, 325 Montgomery su; individual lnstrnc-
Uon in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc: lit*
scholarship 950; low rates per week and month.
OOKKPNI., WKITNG. ARITH MI'C. GRA — R
day Dl;ht; noola'»s«>a: 95 month. 84 5 Mission
KOK. LOUIS MERKI; VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
A gultor, cornet, reasonable. 2g5 Geary ,nr. Powii.
C UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AM' VOCAL
VJ lessons: $3 ma MAHY WE« A US. 39 Fifth.
LADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TKACH-
— Jes p!ano,sipglng.French:93mo. R. 4. 100» Polk.
MR. A MRS. KOLANL'EB. TEACHERS —AN
dolin. guitar, banjo. 935 Market ■».. opp. Mason
j ELA&CO'.'s LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
JJ Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
CCHOOL ELECTRICAL. CIVIL. MINING, ME-
O chacicai engineering, surveying, arcbltectnra-
nsaay: esiab. '64. VAN DER NA ILI.EN, TIA Mitu
"L7NGLI-H. FRENCH. GERMAN. PIANO,
Xj painting, palmistry, $2 ma S'.udio 1422 Hyde.
lANU LE>sON_; PUPIL OF THE LEIPSIC
Conservatory. mod.ttrms.J._ANGE,llO Hyde.
TTRBxN SCHUOL AT 21*4 CALIFOKNI* ST.:
rU opens Jay »'7, 1898. N. W. MOORE, Prin.
' A LMA i-.. HYKR. PIANO, 3JANDO-IN. BA.V
_— jo studio. 405 Geary. B. 17: boors to 10 gK.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIiii.D, TEACHER OF
X violin, sruitar. mandolin, 1 ar.io. 1707 3darneu
PROPOSALS.
"pROPO-A. LS FOR THE ERECTION OF A
X frame school oulldins; and for replankine; and
bitummizing schoolyards— sealed proposals trill
be received by the SDpcrintendem of Common
Schools in open session of me Board of Edncatioo.
new City Hall, on WEDNESDAY. Augu-t 26,
1896. at 8:»0 o'clock p. x., for the construction of
» four-classroom frame school buQdlnc at bunny-
sid*. in the City and County of Ran Franc, ■
Proposals will also be received by said board at
the time sated tor repacking and bltutninisiog
certain public school yards. j
Ail work to be done in accordance with plans j
and specifications (an the condition* mentioned
therein) to be seen a.i the office of CHARLES I.
HAVE arch teet of said board, room 55. Flood
LuiJdng. corner Four.h and Market straets Union
laoor only -.0 be employed on said work.
The board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids, as the pa bUc rood may require.
GEORGE BE A sTON, i Secretary.
PROPOSALS FOX . PAINTING BCHOOL-
A bonus— Sealed proposals will be ■ received :by
tl;e Superinter.dent of Com 1 Schools in open '
session of the Board of Education, new City Hall,
on WEDNESDAY. August 2*5. 189S, at 8:30 !
o'clock p. m . for painting tbe interior and exttrior
of c rain schoolbouses in the city and County of
Ban(rani*co In accordance with specifications
(and the conditions mentioned therein) to be seen
at tne office of CM ARL'-S I. HaY : >?, architect :
of sal! board, room 55. Flood building, corner
Fourth and Market streets. Bids will b» consid-
ered only from parties airmail •' engaged In the
business of house painting Union labor only to j
be employed on this-work. • ■ s- - :
The boar! reserve* the gar to reject . any or all j
bids as the pat: ic good may require.
e_OitO_ B-A.X.&IGN, Secretary, ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1896.
HOUSES TOILET., : ;. j
q^99lfo_s6m-7 booss" : "and""b ajh" $30:
( S _._; fine order- G. H. CXIBSEN * CO., 14
Montltomery. ' ' ! ' . " * : '■ -* - '"".■'
AY-WINDOW HOUSE: 4 ROOMS; 212 i,»
Perry s_. off Fourth. $12 »* water tree Ap-
ply to O. H. U3IBSKN _ CO., 14 Montgomery si.
HOUSE "OF 4 ROOMS; FURNITURE r FOB
sale. 7-0 Natoma «t, ~" \
I */1 A" BUSH-HOUSE 8 ROOMS AND BATH: !
! ,1 U i rent reasonable. Call 10 to 4. on premise,
OUSKS TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN A HAMMOND'S, 10 I
Montgomery si. . . |- - ' f •■ '
! S" PLENDID 12-ROOM HOU>-E, 3392 TWENTY-"
0 tint street, cor. tioerrero. suitable for board- '
: ; ins or private reaid»iwe: very 1"? rent »*" It-
»i^^ »— - — — — 1
~ COTTAGER TO
A COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS. 18 PROS- I
»jO.OU. pect aye.. bet. Twenty- seventh and
■ : Twenty-eighth sts., off MUsioa. ;
i i «JAA ELEGANT COTTAGES., HOUSES A.YD ;
' OUU flat*. Wtsuru Addition, il3 up. SPECK A ,
: \ CO.. eO2 Market st. ' : >-
FLATS TO LET.
I "r^LAT~Oi r S"hCNNY" ROOMS' FOR HOU»E-
T keepin*; in good onler, rent «12 60. ; -.4 i
; O'carr 11 st. _^____ __________ !
! 1 OWK« _BAY'WIXDOW FLAT; 5 ROOMS. j
J ' 30Vj Moss st., beu Sixth and Seventh, How- ;
ard a d Folsom. : _________ '
, ' LTPPER FLAT: 3 SUNNY ROOMS: RENT $9:
■ U water free. 1903 Dupont at., nearChestnuu
! •_> ROOM FLAT TO L_T. CORNER jicALLIS-
■ O and o. k sts. "?"' ' • ■■- *
, J. ) AND 344" SASCHr.Z, NfclAß S SB-
O~X— teenth— 4 rooms, cata. each: good as new.
SUNNY FLATs; 4 AND 3 ROOMS EACH;
$11, $10 and $9. 2041 Harris n, Opp. 18th.
, C-Q LIIWER FLAT OF X ROOMS. 41i b'UL-
O"« tonsu
I I(\U POST - 3 AND 4 ROOM SUNNY
j 1 I UP flats: garden, bath: $13 and $16.
Ir'LAT OF 3 LARGK SUNN V FKONT ROOMS.
i J 810 O*FarreU St. -
007 CLEMENTINA— NICE FLAT; 4 ROOMS:
O— i $13. G. H. UMBStN A CO., 14 -UN*
gomerv st.
! 1.11- JACKSON. BET: JONES AND LEAV-
. ! J. — J «J enwortc — Modern flat 6 rcoms and ba:h;
porcelain tub; view: large grounds in rear;
I $.;T 50. -*_ _^ - _.
! QE.COR. PAGE AND" I.YON— FLAT; 8
. O rooms, bath: modern; low rent to good tenant.
Apply on premises- ■ - ■' j
JP.Q7 EIGHTEENTH — UPPER AND
"iuOl lower; 4 and 5 rooms and bath; $11 and
: »13- . ■
"VICE SUNNY FLAT: 5 ROOMS. BATH: $15.
A" 3012 Tweuty-sixth su. cor. Florida. _^ ;
QUNNY FLAT; 5 ROOMS, BATH AND YARD.
0 12 Shotweli a., cr. Four:ttr,:h.
A"i .-> LOWER FLAT; 4 SUNNY BOOMS:
C 1 _. . yard. 4a Shot well.
.jy. RiNiX)N"--LAC~_,"RINCON" HILL, OFF
—O Harrison s:., between First and Second— Half
■ of sunny house: fireplaces In parlors; view of bay.
•1Q ELEGANT MODERN SUNNY FLATS;
' O-I- • 6 rooms, bath. 135 San Jose aw, nr. 24tb.
HOtCE SUNNY FLATS: « AND 7 ROOMS;
VJ bath- Park view. 1314-1316 Fell. nr. Baker.
oi.iGROVK, NEAR KILLMORE— LOWKH
*- -*i — flat 6 sunny mocern rooms elegantly pa-
pered; bath; tMstrment; yard; $25.
1 O WE R FLAT "4 ROOMS, BATH. YARD. 25
XJ Lapldge st, bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
LATS TO SENT FOR VERY LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN _ HAMMOND -, 10
-Montgomery su . .
' rLAI; » ROOMS: BATH; GOOD MARINE
x view. 2106 Leavenworth A., bet. Filbert and
UreenWlch. ' ■ ;
i Ql Ik' WATER FREE: L»)VEI.V UPPER
C J U. modern sonny 5-room fiat; 100 feet from
las ro cars. 4073 Twenty-tliird si.: key 4075.
I_bA.N'T NEW FLA'I-N »KVENTU »T.. BE-
X- Sow _rvanu 6 and b rooms. bah: 98 10 416.
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IX AMERICA— THB
VJ WEEKLY CALL, sect to an/ address in the
'■ United States or Canada one year for $1 50, pos>
tare free.
HOUSEKEEPJTNG ROOMS.
"~~~*" Bryant Street.
4on BRYANT- 1 SUNNY,, NICELY FUR-
*iOv nished housekeeping rooms, $11; electric
cars. '- - . . . . ' •
+ uuy Street.
q-i 7EDDY-HOCSEKEEPINGROX)MS,NICE-
(7I I ly furnished: splendid loca-ioa; private
1 family. ' __^___
£llis Street.
-A/? ELLIS - SUNNY PARLOR FLOOR: 3
1 1 \}\) rooms: nicely furnished; also single.
Fell Street.
Ql FELL— 2 FRONT ROOMS. FOR LiGHT
j 01 housekeeping, rent reasonable; 00 children.
1 iiliuore Street.
'■ nnr.Ql FILLMORE. NEAR CLAY— 2 FTR-
__UOs nished rooms, $iO: 3 unfurnished. $10.
i uißom -treot.
; -I 'no FOLSOM— FURNISHED ROOM. SUIT-
IuuO ab e for man and wife; privilege of
1 kitchen. __^
fourth street.
AC\!7 FOUB'iH— FURNISHED ROOMS COM-
' _i 7 I piete for housekeeping: private.
tioiutu oat« -i>«aue.
• Q(\Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— LARGE BUNJTY
CUD housekeeping room. $10: sm^ll room. $5.
ijougn reet.
CAQ OOCOH-8 OR 3 SUNNY, CONNECT-
U\JV ing rooms, complete for housekeeping.
• . Kowaril street.
'OCX HOWARD— 3 FURNISHED HOUSE.
OOD2 keeping rooms, $8: snnny double, $6;
single, $4 and $5.
1 -1 Of\U HOWARD— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS
XDUU complete for housekeeping.
Jessie street.
JSSSIE ST., NEAR MINT AYE.— 2
; *ioO pies— . tarnished housekeeping rooms;
I also single: cheap.
_._S_na> Street.
Qf\(\ LACUNA -SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
- tJ\J\J rooms.
Market Streo..
900.0 BASKET — ULEGANTLY FUR- i
. —Ut/U nished suite; bath; gas stove; kitchen;
$17. I
McAllister Street.
I 7ODI MCALLISTER - FRONT AND BACK
' • 1 _.G:> parlor lor houiekeeplng: priva'.e.
_iinit*i .'ret*:.
' ?\A(K » INN -*— FURNISHED ROOMS - COM-
' uIU p. tie for housekeeping: large yard. *
j.oiiun -..wo..
mrr MISSION — NEWLY RENOVATED
I sonny front suite for hoasekeeping.
> atoms street.
9QJ. NATOMA, NEAR 4TH— 3 FURNISHED
I _.O"± housekeeping rooms: very ooovenl'DU I
New Montgomery street.
. : -I (\- NEW MONTGOMERY - REWLY PA- j
i lUt) pered front housekeeping salts; very cheap.
■ Norfolk Street..
; 'O NORFOLK, OFF HARRISON, N EAR
' - l)_« Eleventh— Sonny separate building of bed-
| room sod kitchen; furnished for housekeeping;
. running water: yard; call upstairs. .-
Octatla Street.
1 4ftO OCTAVIA, • OR. : GEARY — SUNNY
, J I\JO connecting front room; aas stove and
grate. ' ■ .-: - - ... : . - . ■ . . _ ■ ■
; Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA— 3
cor. room *, well famished for housekeeping; $18.
Perry Street.
•I AD PERRY, BET. THIRD AND FOURTH— 2
; I*3 U nicely furnished housekeeping rooms; rea-
: sonable. . •
Point Lobo* Avenue.
OI "I Q POINT Lt>±sas AYE.— TWO SUNNY
< -1 1' front rooms furnished for housekeeping;
also single. .... ■■ . .. j.
. Pen street. '
>AQ POST— TWO SUNNY TRONT BOOMS:
Ju_ light boc«eketplng. j
:>-tll Mree;.
1 % SIXTH-SUNNY FRONT ROOMS FOR
,1— housekeeping: also single. '
(south Park.
■1 O SOUTH PARK— I, _ OR 3 SUNNY FUR.
) IO E>is-e4ornnfnriilshed; housekeeping; cheap. .
r « Stockton Place.
FOUR AND FIVE FURNISHED HOUSE-
; r keeping room*: separate yards. 915, Apply 25
. ■ Stockton Place, oS Stockton near S utter. ;
: Utter .* treot.
i 7QO SUTTER— SUNN Y NICELY FURNISH.
1 O— e<{ front room, with kitchea. ; , t t ;; :
j %*u t \e«i Aveiiue.;.
9Q9 VAN 3f K93 AYE., 1 COR. GROVE— NEW- |
_.O— ly laniished apanmecu for housekeeping; '
2 or 3 rooms. ,
Miscellaneous. ,
3 SUNN Y BAY-WINDOW ROOMS: >. BATH;
baser enu Key at 19 Hampton place, off 10.-
-som s:., bet. Second and Third. . ., , • •:-:*>:. .
* WEEK'S .NEWS : JOE - 5 CENTS _ Tfisl
-V. W_i.J__V CALL, IB WP-W«r.f»r»-m-f.
j ROOMS TO LET.
i-ddy Place.
9Q EDDY-NICK FRONT SUIT. $15: SUNNY
■£v single rooms: light bootekeypin?: cheap.
"_._*»« h ' lieu ., 1
QHF.RMArc ArAKIMtAT NOtrS-i, _■ HTH
>.. ■• 1... nrar Market -. :t:rntsh» kl and nnfnrnisb«L
": _...!» s» -ea;.
THE RAMONA, 130 r.LLJS. MPJS KATR 1.
h ART. nitiuifr-A 4{n;et boose, I centrally 10-
-1 rsted; newly turolsbed; *i»>va«or; hot cola water.
91 A pLUti— 3~~KLEG ANT FRONT SUNN Y
• -li suites; also 2 rooms for hQosekeeptng.
' ,Q9 l ELI.!?, NKAK TAYLOR— rUM BEST
, «J-« i lodging we recommend the xtosedale Hoos_
3O- ELM- - HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
_.O parlor suite first floor: housekeeping rooms.
' OOfi ELLIS— NICKLY FURNISHED SUNNY
. OO\J stagle room. 1 >. .-.■'■
mi ELLIS— SUNNY ROOM; USE OF BATH
, <«-i rent $5.
• . i'uUom street.
I GAC)a FOL*OM— BRIGHT SUNNY ROOMS,
U ... fttrnUhed or unfurnished; cheap.
v,i.l» xira...
! 91 71 GEARY-3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
-Cl is rooms; key 217,
j '1 v Gfc-AKY - sUNNY FR NT PARLOR
: OXO bedroom suite* and single honat_eeplng;
; cheap. ' ■•■'■-"..-■•"'.
Guerrero Street.
QC FURNISHED , OK UNFURNISHED
; QP. front room: hkpg privilege^. 23 Guerrero.
uuwitru  xreet, .
QOl HOWARD — GLOBE; FURNISHED
O_.l from $1 wees np; housekeeping, $1 50 op;
1 transient. • ■ ■ - - -
. Jones Street.
QH7 .'«NK«— THE Van wjmCM!: SEW
— .U I jsanacement: eiegsa; tunny suit*! anJ
*lngi e : newly iarnishe'l; ba'.h. etc: »lo to sail.
! Oi\ 1 jONES — ELEGANTLY FUr.NISHED
: OU 1 sunny rooms: tot and cold water; private
am 1!
. t.mr Mrco..
I qn KMARNY-WELL-FURNISHED FRONT
j O\J sanny suite; single rooms: electric lights.
j A t:LIN«I«'N HOUSE. I*7 KEABXr —
I -■"V Pleasant sunny room?, en suite and single; first
j class in every respect: terms re&soaa^t?.
■ L-t-Hin - r««..
ACtf\ LARKIN. COR. TURK — FURBISHED
; *X~VJ front room: $7: with Breplaca.
' Q(\A LARKIN-PLEASANT "SUNNY ROOMt
' CUT: neatly turnished: $5.
Lewis street.
I 1 Q LEWIS. OFF TAYLOR, NEAR POST—
> J O unfurnished rooms; $15; water free.
Ju«»r_i»' -.iiib., 
j QZ.f\ MARKET, COR. STOCKTON— NICELY
OO\J furnished front sunny rooms for offices.
' •I An" MARKET— ELEGANT FRoNT SUITK,
JLUU I suitable doctor; newly tarnished, single;
transient. - •
\" ueLMiT-. Hol'«K 1045 MAKKr.I — l'fc.-t
1 nieht. 350 10 $1: week. $1 50 to «5; famlll*-.
HE CHESTER, 1019* MARKET — UNDER
new management; Srs:- :a_» iv every re-
■ spect; gas. running water, elevator service; ele-
! eantiy tarnished suites and single rooms: also
; offices by day, week or month: reasonable; 3 mis •
utes to City Hail: cars to ail points of the city.
. Mason Street.
I 99' MASON— NICKLY FURNISHED FRONT
j _._. O sunny rooms; suites or single: $8 up.
_>CAiliiier :«««..
i 99A1 MCALLISTER. OEP. CITY hall-
— .V-'-» Furnished at.d unfurnished rooms, en
suite or single, suitable for offices.,
>atom» Street.
I 70.1 NATOMA, COR. EIGHTH — FUR-
, IUI nisbed or nntarnished rooms to let.
. Pine Street.
• (\-\ 1 PINE ST.. NEAK STOCKTON—
\) J-'J. rooms 94 »n<J $5 pt-r mo ; private family.
Saiiaomr street.
Ql ft RANSOMS— NICE SUNNY ROOMS,
. i OJ.U newly furnished, $3 monthly and upward;
housekeeping rooms. ■
Stevenson Street. ■
1 I pO-OPERATIVE HOUSE, 829 STEVENSON—
.• Vj Rooms clean and cheap; reading-room.
Stockton Street.
: YEW PYRNEK HOUSE, 1314 STOCKTON—
Xi . Front suites; tingle, dottrue rooms; 'house-
' keeping: eh»ap.
.:. t-uer rree..
; =An PUTTER.- ■* COR. POWELL — LARGE
: O\J\J sunny front lulte, furnished or unfurnished.
' 7AO SUTTEK. COR. TAYLOR-ELEGANT LV
I f VJij newly furnished sunny rms.; suit* or single.
lay. or Street.
IHQ TAYLOR — NICELY FURNISHED
X\JU double room: bath and closet; 92 a week.
lurk Street.
QAQ TURK-3 FURNISHED ROOMS; CAS;
, OV/O cioseu: very re— §onab c. !____"
laneoaa.
ROOM AND HOU>E-BENTI»O AGENCY:
00 fee for registering. Easter!}: ook btilidlag,
22V4 Geary st., rooia 37. • ;,.;
CNNY t-UITK AT THE WINDEMERE,
cor. Bosh and Van Ness »?<■„ 2 or 3 rooms: bath
~~ BOARDING AND ROOMS.
, ! £a^ec- ; h^n'icf.ly fup.nished"rooms
j \J\J'J with beard: terms reasonab'e.
I OAO.VAN NESS A VK.— DESIRABLE SUNN V
' : OUO rooms; first-class table board: reasonable.
71 9 post~^"furnish£d room with
II- board, 920: suitable for 2 young men.
i Q"l Q POLK— EXCELLENT TABLE BOARD
1 j Ol O for 1 or 2 blnsrle gent'emen; small sunny
i rooms; La:b, etc: 925: private family. ■» -*-■--.-.-
AQQ GEARY— NT SUITE OT PAR-
"Ot/ lors. with flr^t-cUss board.
, i Al 9 EDDY — 2 LARGE bONNY ROOMS
; il- < with board: $45 for couple.
OT_L B-KTU.NU. 114 ihH-A family
hotel: references gtveu and nniuired: au moa-
-1 • m convenience^. - .
j STORES TO LET^
<|X 108 WITS' "BASEMENT^
C"1«J« ASHTON A GARDINER, 411 Mont-
I gomery st.
STORE TO LET, WITH 3 ROOMS AND BATH.
1232 Folsom. bet. Eigath ami Ninth.
V*E. COR. GROVE AND POLK— sTORE AND
; ->-^ 3 rooms: fixtures. etc.; good stand for grocer.
1 Apply too. H. UM3SKN _ CO., 14 Montgomery St.
STORE AND 3 UVINC-ROOMS," 1283 PAGE
O su: rent low. Applr 1235 Pages'..
■ . OFFICES TO LET.
T\ _«R_^BXtFoFFICES MAY " Sif HAD BY
I XJ applying at 800 Market st. at most reasonable
' rates: professional and business men who contem-
■ plate making a change from their present location
; can be suited by applying at room 19. 850 Market.
ESK ROOM, $5 MONTH; LARGE SUNNY
office. 22^ Geary st., room 37.
TOR- with 2 living-rooms"- — !
_Halght st., corner of Flilmore. ' [■, . <\
I QPRKCKELt* BUILDING. 9J7 MARKET-
«■- Elegant snnnv offices. 912 50 up-. eiectric-llTti: •
beating and j_n!tor service free. • Apply «t baildln
oru. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery
'__/; -r .; '." ; : \.^ MEDICAL.
A BLESSING ,TO LAUIE3 SUFFERING
from lrregnlaritles and diseases peculiar to
their sex tlatrst Improved method of treatment-
never fails: perfectly harmless: tree from any bad
effects: never makes them sick to make them well-
; travelers helped immediately; prices to suit 'he
times: home in conflnemenu DR. A MRS.
; DAVIEa. 14 McAllister St., ne« Hibernia Bank-
consult free; : French re«u.»r!ne pink pills *-••'
: lours from 9 a. v to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. _. ' ■'■
LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES R_T
stored In a few hours; safe and sure relief
maranteed; travelers helped without delay- pri-
vate home In confine men:: rtgsla r Kradoats
physician: 30 years' successful practice- MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; -diVVconsul: ~u_, ;
doctor before going elsawhere: you will save Us_
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
M3ts. DR. WY-TH, &16 Pos-. St. near ____
NEW PROCES!>-NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
mentor worthless pi. Is used ; every woman her
' own physician ; for all female tioaules. no matter
from what canse; restores • always .in one day;
can be sent and used at home; ail cases guaranteed: '
: If yon wani to be treated safe and sure call on a I
man physician. , DR. fOPPER. 318 Kearny s-
ALPKAU'S • FRENCH - PILLS— A BOON TO
_- lad.*ts troobled with liTvgulartties' nodanrer:
safe and sure; 92 50 express V. O. D.: don't delay
: until too late. OSGOOD i OS.. Oakland, CaL T
T?OB MEN-GREEN 1 ■> GUARANTEED CUKE:
X .greatest nerve treatment known; positive care
for all weakness: cure iraaranteeo. or money re-
turned: trial tree. Asent, KELLY. 102 l-.day sv
URE CURK FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASE"
;C? from whatever cau m; a borne is confinement
with every comfort:: satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DB. GW YER, 226 lurk su .,-. J^ ;
DRS. GOODWIN,- i.InEASES ■ WOMEN SPE-
cialiy: unexcel ed in restoring Irregularity or
other conditions: home in confinement: best care-
tow fees IpiUs $- Moved to 904 McAllister st : i
\l RS. DH..WEGENEB TAKES LADIES B&
1U fore and during confinement;- Infants adopted
. into good bom**-, I treats an female complain— or
I Ixivirnlaritiei successfully. ' 419 Eddy si.-
R. HALL, li MCALLISTER STREET. NtAR
Jones. Diseases of won and child re n.
B-.J.A. A(HaKI), -MIDWIFE— HOM X IN
confinement: 35 yr»' experience. 655 Mtsstoa. •
IF IRREGULAR OK AN V Female di-_asE
—see MRS.I)R. PUJEI- and be content. 254)£ 4th. '
RIVATK HOMt IN CONFINEMENT. _UU_
i VR. Fl->'C__, 1416 E.f-;_ *U, A-une__
CITT REAL ESTATE.
JU'vTqoMPLKTfcDi /HOCSK 14 ROOMS:
: finish s iiatura: woods: quartered oak, birdse- c
uaple. mahogany;, curiyrrpdwood; r&s and In-
candescen* Ilghtinz; tiled sines and baths; marine
view. : Lor. Clay. and Laurel; owner on premises.
Q *-J7^(l *1500QAN REMAIN;RUCHAN AN
•JJiJ I OM. s". near Waller; house 9 rcoms; sta-
| bie; lot 2Sx;;7. CH AS. C. FISHER, 507 Cali-
} fornia st.
ARE OPPOR I UNI; V TO SECURE A
J 1 Choice cottage in the Western Addition; 34200 i
j $500 down, b <ta-ee $ 5 per month, will secure an
j elaborate "-room cottage va Golden Gate av^.. bet.
j and Lyon sjbk] lot -J5ii137:6; ne rlv cciu-
| pleted. TObIN A Me V ALLY. 630 Market st.
I j,E»T,-RU»INKSi» COHNEK ON THE SAN
j • ; Leandro road and main stress to Fitcbburg
station; siZ3 100x100; cheap at $20 per front
1 foot.
RESIDENCE CORNER. 100x100, 2 BLOCKS
from the ~an Lea ndra road; streets gradea
I and graveled; price 2500. .
BCSINB'S CORNER AT FITCHBCRG STA.
L» tion; frontage to suit at 915 per front foot.
ONE ENTIRE BLOCK, SCO x 6OO: WILL SlTB-
divide into 43 building lots; a good boy to hold
I or retail at once to ho tee-see- ers.
BEST GARDEN LAND IN ALAMEDA
County, tor tale and to rent; win grow flower-
fruits and ' vegetables to perfection; splendid
chance to start - nursery and grow cat flowers for
j the market.
j ATKER BARGAINS ON THE BEST STREETS
j \J in the best sitaatd locality for a growing towq
! outside the city limits of Oakland: low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc.
TUaD. 8. FITCH. >!<c_burs;,
W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery St.. S. F.
CI" BST A NTIAL AUDEUN Hof>ES BUILT;
0 $150 to $-75 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to cail and see plans. 1149 tUpatea,
r.l O-n COTTAGE OF * ROOMS: BEKKE-
Ol'-*J\J. ley; lot 50x100: near station: *300
down, »15 monthly. -
I *150— Lot 24x100: *-5 down, «3 monthly.
I i-HAS. A. BAILEY. 80 Mongomen- «•.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
}?OB SALE— A GENUINE BARGAIN;
- house, barn, -6 s,cr«M in orchard ; 1 one . mile
1 from Hay wards; soil -uitftbi- tot vegetables; taay
terms. ' Address F. HOOSOS. Hay wards, Cal.
AN RAFAEL— NEW MODERN . HOUSE, 9
. rooms and bath; large lot; good location:
street accepted; tor sale cheap or exchange for
city property. J. TVN»TEAU, San bafael. > al.
T M~PRO VK D HOMESTEAD FOR SALE
X cheap. Inquire 25 De Boom st. .
r\ WO FIVE-ACRE CHICKEN.- RANCHES;
X with ranging water; good improvemsnts; only
half a mil* from town: SlaCO eAch; one of 4 arrvs,
j nice improvements. #18 >0; another of 9~» acres,
j good house, nice orchard: one of 1- acres. Nic«
bouse 9 rooms, artesian water, creek bottom,
1 close to town, half cash, $2500. D. H. TWING,
i Sonoma City.
! "|\r ANTED— TO KXCHANGK 12 AOR— S AT
" Greenwood. Mendocino County. . for larger
place, suitable 'or farming; price no» over $SSO0:
will pay difference. Write, with par icu.ars. O. W.
ROBINSON, Elk. Mendoclno Co'anly.
j » LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND: CHOIC-
J — ~V est in tbt State; selling in tracts, 5 acres up-
j ward. 35 per acre, adjoining lands held at #100
• per acre; owner forced to sell: li^ pours from S.F.;
, easy terms; title perfect. 67 chronic building.
1""OR KXCHANGE FOR CiTY INCOME PHOP-
erty— 6o acres, two-thirds orchard in bearins,
! one-third bare land: near san Jo.c; cash value
S2I.OUQ. Address 14. L- H-, San Jose. C«I.
ANY ONK. WAN! A RANCH- FOR
i -^»- grazing purposes, or an orchard already Im-
-1 proved, where only small cash outlay is required,
! balance in 6 or 7 year*, apply S-«J Montgomery st.
ARIN COUNIY-3000 ACI:ES 26 MILES
from city; lo s any site: froit. grain, vegeta-
' tie land; rail or nat^-r tran_t: $*0 to *75 per
I sere; terms to salt. Syndicate luve*:i_e— ; Com-'
i rany, t:5 Chronicle building.
j' "t^liMn FOOTUILLHOME IN SAN MATEO
; •: Uv" MI . county. 35 ml'ea from Francisco,
half mile from railroad: 5 acres: modern house: 9
rooms. Apply to C. 8, MERRILL, Berkeley, Cal.
ATTENTION, LAND BUYERS— Iao ACRES
-~V choice olive, vine and prune lands <ocated in
AlamedaCo., 37 miles item San Francisco, wilt
be sold at a sacrifice: snrroandinz lands held at
875 per acre; make an offer;* will subdivide to
suit. 57 Chronicle bui ding.
"I ITTLE HOMtS. CLOSE TO TOW.\. I.M-
J— t proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWINU, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 633 Mar-:e; a:., 3. K.
ENDFUIiOUK :...-. i.^r < KCHA _U.M.-.S
fO- M > Wd:i-.|- ■» wnii-i-.iy -• ■ J0...
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
1 Oft ACRES : ARTAC AY I_lJ_~sis_ANO
XV/W County, all under cultivation; good bouse,
barn, etc.; wi 1 trade in equity for -an Francisco
or Oakland property, improve* or Dniinuroved;
cash value £8000. AJdressJß. A., box 99, Call.
' TT ALFS-CTIONOFUOODLANDINTULARE
! _Q Coanty, for improved or nnimpreved propvrty
I In B»rcelty or s*u Francisco. Address A. box t>7
: C II Office.
■ rOR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR CITY, OAK-
) X I land or Alameda property. Improved fruit
. ranch 17 atres; 1 mile from Santa Clara: 2090
. finest French prune trees: also other fruits: larze
j artesian well, tic; value.! at 91*2.000: easy terms.
Apply from 6 to H. A. YOUMJ. 1406 Grove st..city.
1 Ovi 1 ACRE-* H.>.isfc,K UXU. K_KN CtJ..
J _H' ' .n;«r: rln>^-r)>: •'«-r^t< n-. N. 16.Ca.l
MONEY TO LOAN.
! CIA/I nnn Ar LOWEST RATES; CITY'
I ©iUU.UUUtad Oakland: life lnsaracce,
i bankbook*, stocks Ht\d bonds; real estate In pro.
bate: any sum. SHAINWALD, BUCKBEK A
j CO., 218-220 Montgomery st. .
1 ANY AMOUNT ON "BONDS, DIAMONDS,
i _— watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
1 and Instruments; Interest low; private entrance;
! private rooms; discreet attend— at UNCLE
j HARRIS', 15 Grant aye. .
* DVANCKS" ON DIAMONDS. WATCHES.
■ — _ jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
! moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN J_\V_LKr
j STORE, i>4s Market St.; open eventnes.
ON EY LYING IDLE: TAKK AT $5 INTER-"
f>st per month for each £1000; same rate sec-
. ond mortgage or life insurance. . Coin, box 2. Call.
oney LUAN_I> O.\ js7w_Xhv and
other valuables at the Eecurity Loan Ot_:«.
! HC6Marke:st..or. Mason: private entrance 7 Tur_
1 \IRECT ON YOCK FUKNITURIS OR PIAN >
XJ no removal: no delays: no commUsions: 10*
interest. Km. 69, Donoiiu« bid(. 1170 Market K.
* 3Y AMOUNT: IST. 2U or 3D _OKTUAUK-».
— — estates, cndlvlded interests, real ma;e in ur>
! bate. McCOLUAN. '.'4 M-siisjesß«fy. 100 m 3.
©Of| flflftON IMPROVED HEALEbTATE,
*?.O\J UUU sums not exceeding fIUUO. Call at
: room 628, Parrou Building ■
■« ST _ 2D MOKTUAGEsriNTERKSTS IN E*
j J.tate*:lowest rates:no MURPHY, Mrs-.
* DVANCKS UN DIAMOND_J_VW_;_KY. .-.to
j\ Colpmb)- Loin ■>■ i't>;'«t»T_.' >■!*■.■■ » <i i.m-.- .-■
PAWNBROKERS.
G~~RAND~7i!ENTRAL LOAN OFFICE, 1200
At Market st. : money loaned: watches: diamonds;
j etc.: lowest rates : bargains in unredeemed pledge*.
T 126 KEARNV ST.. KOOM B— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.: low rates;
I private room <: tHnrasor: rlegges for sale cheap.
FI>*A>'CIAL.
MONEY TO LOAN ON SECURETY. " STL-
VAIN >AIQMON. 3.'8 Montgomery, r 214
LEGAL NOTICES.
Trf THE "fe PERI OR"TOUKT"oF~T iIESTATE
1 of • altfornla, In and for the City and County 0}
; San Francisco.
In the matter of the estate of MARIE STUBER,
deceased Na 16.339. ,
• It appearing to this court by the petition hereto-
fore tiled by J. C. Rued, executor of the last will
j of MARIE'STUBER, deceased, that it would be
j for the advantage, benefit and b-st interests of the
estate of the s id deceased and those interested
therein, to sell the whole of . the real estate of
said decedent and also the persona! property, a
I general description and statement of which ap-
! pears in tb* said petition.
It Is therefore ordered by this court that all per-
sons Interested in the said estate of the said deceased
: appear before this court on the 17th day of August
I A. D. 1894, a: the hoar of 10 o'clock a. _. of said
day, at the courtroom of sari court, at tbe new
I City Hall, it the Ci y and<-Ou-Hy of san Fran-
c:-co. > ate of . California, to sSow cause why an
: order should not b- granted to said ■- executor as
■ prave < for in said petition lor . the sale of the
whole of «a-d real and personal property of . tbe
said decedent, and that a copy of this order be pub-
lished once a week for tour successive we-ks in
Ihi Sax FR_>fcrscx) Cail, a newspaper printed
and published In, said City and County of San
i ranclsco. . '
Dated July 16, 1898. : "<
1. V. COFFEY, Jud«e Superior Court.
■W.F.WILLIAMSON, Attorney for Executor,
Mills balding.
mHE OLD SNAKE DRUGSTORE. 236 SPTTER
1 st., will be sold August 16, 1893; all bids me
' be In writing and presented to me at my office at
410 Kearny St., room 12. on or before 9 o'clock
a. x. of August 15. 188& for further particulars
apply to N. FRA ~>KL - ■ Assignee, 410 Kearnv
ATToI_?nSTS-AT-_.AW.
'■ 'voah^fT FloodTTTaw ye r, 536 parrott
-Li building; consnltations free: moderate fees.
\- DVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS a SPEC!-
-1 A. airy; pnvate. co charge unless successful ; ail
law salt— claims, ecuorn. wills, deeds, etc. _•
tended ta M. w. il»<wa, ajß'y-at-iaw. -50 Markss. ,
1 EGAL -BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
Xj out publicity; advice free and confidential. J. |
G. JEFFREYS, 402 Montgomery St.. room 18. |
DVICKFREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS — CC-
cessf— • W. W. DA V I ii-ON. 927 Market s. i
I \V >. ARAM. ATT'.Y-A.r._AW,5Bl VARROTT
:; 1 1 .bldg. Practices 11 ail couru;cbarses moderate i
w a r n ATTOK>EY-AT-LAW«CHRON- \
■ H'.f o!dz: adTife free: nT.»n»rnt.*: ope" evags.
"~~ "-.. . ~~storageT^ ■;,.■•-.■:■■
I "cTO^AGKITcJbEAPrraT l.> THE CITY: FIRK- j
O proof bnlidlhg; advances made. 211 Larkln.
I^CRNITURE., PIANOS, TRUNKS; AD-
' vances. shipping. IHAA U TA YL0U.204 Poss.
-' \ B. SMITH FURNITURE CO.. 13*J ELLIS;
JXi _tw nut, fee-proof buiiUioj; K*_vex« .; fi»«i
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
, OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
QjJ^nA A BEAUTIFUL XEWAXD MOD-
-IS~IO\J\ J. em house of eight rooms, laundry
and bath: all plumbing olck»l-p)aied and oprnand
of the very finest; piste giaas; two See mantels:
a large basement with cement Door and entirely
plastrrea overhead; elactra ?as>ilebtlßg; beauti-
fully tinted throughout: cement wa ks and fenc-
ing complete: an excellent neighborhood with
electric cars one bloc» distant: lot 50x1*0: inve*-
tigate this before you buy; no trouble to show the
property. (iEORGE B. M. OKAY. 463 Ninth st.
B-lVj/jrv READ THIS— WS OFFER A 6-
tJIOUU. room cottage and lot. 27x130, for
Sl7 per month only, and no cash do«n; a bar-
gain. ALDUS A KBONENBEBG, KB Broad-
way. <'a_laal. - .
BARGAIN: CASH! BALANCE »20 PKR
1) month; be-utifsl pew, 6-room, 3-story house
on corner lot. ..Sillo feet; eiectric cars pass.
door: mast be sold. Inquire WILLIAM P. TODD.
1003 Broadway, Oakland.
v ILL IT PaY? Yfc.s:i SEE ALI.E V DALE
1 - • Tract at once. ■ Boy a $78 lot or upward for a
tome or paying investment: Fnmva c, a joining
East Oakland, the garden spot «i Oakland; level
and choice site; streets graded: some macadam-
ized; only a few left; fine school: 3 electric roads
near •y : conveyance free: f S cash and *5 monthly.
468 Ninth s:.. Oakland, and 630 Market  S. F.
H. Z JONES, owner.| .
pHEAPEsT AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
VJ WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United states or Canada one year for 91 tO, pos>
ace free,
OAKLAND COTT AG .
4R— IN ITVALE TKKMIN A L TRACT,
*i close to Fruit Vila ata.; or will sett: #50 cash;
baL lUp'rmo, THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Mkt.
' OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
mHE ARLINGTON, COR. NINTH AND
1 Washington sis., Oakland: a few oho cc suites
can now te obtained; table nnexcelled; reasonable
rat*3: nnqnestloned respectability. '
ALAHEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
MQOA/i TO^^iOOO-NEAV AND MODERN
<3Ji« i\J VJ houses on large lots In good locations;
convenient to traits; terms to salt the purchasers-
JU.-ife.PH A. LEONARD COMPANY, 1864 Park
St.. A lam ; da. • . ■ _ . . ,
4 **E_K-_ NEWS FOR 5 CENTS_TJLS
-A VF.KK.LV CALL, ta wr-noer. tor mailing.
BERKELEY REAL KSTATE,
OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR ' JOr'-AL-!
on easy terms. O. U. MAY A CO.. is— estaia
! ted building. fl*9 Center St., Berkeley.
' TO>EP-i J. mason." real tsiAlt AND
I <J Insorance »gent. t;»rkel»r statn. adjomtnt bank.
BERKELEY HOUSES. ~~*
FOR RENT— HOCSK OF 10 ROOMS AND
bath, with garden and lawn in front, large or-
chard, also some pasture land: entire place com-
prises about 10 acres; street macadamized; five
1 minutes' walk to train making hali-hourly trips to
i city. For further Information call or address A. J.
! SXYDER _ CO., 467 Ninth st-, real estate brok-
| ers. Oakland.
j OR KENT FOR ONE YhIAR OR LONGER
; x on reasonable terms — A completely furnished
home of 10 rooms, bath and laundry; stable,
! C-ickenhoase: roses, etc. : convenient to railway,
I school and university. Address House, box 63,
i Call < ffl c. .-■ - -- - - . . . .
i A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH*
-A. WKEKLY CALL. In wrapper, tor mailing.
MONTEREY REAL ESTATE.
STAITH<jTKiri)ET munTePon
— ■t)UU. a lake: a-story hons*. barn, chick «o-
house: 12 lots, a.i in fruit and 5 kinds of berries;
vegetables grow thriftily all year round; must be
sold im:ae<'.iatelv. F. C. CALDWEi^L. owner,
325 Ninth St.. Oakland.
TO LEASE]
POKBtXToii X^A^F^s6^v^U_^LOT^6_T
X CO.*. Polk and Jackson sts.: rent 950 per
month. Address J. -.■»-"-...-■: St.". S. F.
TBUSTKES' SALES.
T'^RTsTEES "?AL£ T
1 In accordance with the terms and ' under
; the authority of a certain deed of trust
1 duly executed by NAPOLEON ST. GERMAIN
i and LKWIS \V. DCN HAM, parti** of the first part,
, 10 HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B.
i KEN 1 . Trustees, parties of the second part, and
i the SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party
1 of the third part, dated February 4tb. 1891. and re- ■
' corded in the o&ce of the County Recorder of the
City and County of .-an rrsiiifTarn. >ta*« of Califor-
! nia, in Liber 4 1 3 of Deeds, at paces 76 and folio
. Ins: and in pursuance of a resolution passed on the
i 7th day of May, 1896, by tne Board of Directors of
1 said SAN F.-.ANCiaCO SAVINGS UNION, aeor-
I poratlon. and the bolder of the note (No. 10,639),
; to secure payment of which the aforesaid deed of
i trust was executed, declaring that default had
I been made in the payment of the prin ipal sum
I and other sums due under said note and deed of
I trust, and reques:lnz and directing said HENRI
t C, CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,
Trustees, to sell the real estate described therein
to satisfy sad indebtedness.
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KKNT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, 25ih day of Ansnst, A. D. 1:96, at
12 o'clock coon of that day, and at the auction
salesroom of Easton, Eldrid;e A Co.. No. 638 Mar-
ket street, in th» City and Conaty of San Francisco,
Mate Of California, we will sell st public auction,
to the iiigr-.es: bidder, for cash in gold coin of the '
United Slates, a.l tha: piece or parcel of land situ- ;
ate in tb<- City and County of San Francisco,
Stale of California, described as follows, to wit: -
commend ug at the comer fanned by the Inter-
sect i n of the northeasterly fine of Eighteenth
avenue South (formerly Algeria susjat) with the
nor;hwe*;eriy line of N street South (formerly *us- I
quehanna street), and running thence northwester-
ly a one said line of Eighteenth avenue South one
hundred and seventy-seven tee: three and o e-
fourth inches 1.177 and 3*4-12 ft.), more or leas,
to the we*terl) line of the Case I net, as per map
hereinafter mentioned: thence along said line of tne
Case 1 raet. north ten decrees twelve minutes east
iN. 10* 12' E.), sixty-three feet eleven _nd one- j
jcu th inches (63 and 11 V.4-12 ft): thence south !
eighty-one degrees Jifiy-flve minutes east (_ <, el* \
55 E.). still suiong said line of sail Case Tract, one j
hundred sad fifty-six feet two and one-half inches '
(1 5t> and 2 wi? '*•>• to a stake: thence north two
degrees west (Jf, V s W.), silU along sala line of
sail Case Tract, elehty-eUht (83) feet, more or
less, to the southwesterly Ila*> of aeveoieectr: are- j
rue South (-.orruer.y Sumatra street); thence {
soathensteriy along the last-named line one ben- •
dred and e:_l.tern (US) feet, more or less, to said ;
northwesterly line o N street South; and thence
sou h westerly a ong the last-named tine two hun-
dred (200) feet to the point ct coronjencemtut.
Be'.n^- that portion o: D;oc_ numoer tcree hun-
dred and Jcrty-si.t (846) lying within the Case
Tract, In South San Francisco, as laid down and
delineated on map of »aiU Case Tract, tiled October i
16th, 1879. In the office of the Conn,y Kecordrr of j
said City and Connty ot San Francisco; together ;
with the appor.enances.
Teb_s or Sale — Cash In . gold coin of the »
United States: ten per cent payable to the under- I
slgnea on the nil of tbe r.ammer; balance on de- I
livery of deed: and if not so eaid, unless, for want j
of title (ten days being a lowed for search , then
said ten percent to be forfeited and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HKNRY C. CAMPBELL, • TrTMt _ M
THADDECS B. KENT, / Trnafea.
rr.RCSI_E3' SALE. ~
i- In ■ accordance with tbe terms and under
the authority of a certain deed, of trust, duly
executed by JOHN FoSTtR. party of the i
first part, to HENRY C CAMPBELL and I
THADiJ-CS B. KENT. Trustees, parties of j
the second pan, and the SAN FhANCISCo ;
savings UNION, party of the third part, dated
July 14th. 1591, and recorded in the office of the
j County Recorder of the City and County of San ;
! Francisco, State of California, In Liber 1466 of
! Deeds,' at pages 803 and following: and in pursu-
i ance of a resolution passed on tbe S6th day of '
i March. 1898. by ;he Board of Directors of said SAN >
i FRANCISCO SAVINGS- UNiON, a corporation, [
j and the ho der of the ooje (No. 11.020), to secure
. payment of which th« aforesaid deed of trust -was
executed, declaring that default had been made in
• the payrceat oi the print! sum .nd other sums,
' due under s Ud note and dee 1 of trust, and reooe st-
, ing anJ directing said HKNRY C. CAMPBELL and
THADDEUs a. KENT. Tr_s:«e_, to sell the real
estate described therein to satisfy said indebted-
°^>. HENRY C CAMPBELL and THADDECS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give no. ice that on
1 UK-Da Y, the 2Mh day of Aacos .A. D. 1896, at
1 13 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
[ room of Kas;on. EldriUge A C_, No. «sas Market
! street, In the City and County, of San Fra.-i-
-; ci-cc, State of California, we will set' at poo-
■ licauctioa to tbe blgbest biader. for ca*h in go!d
> coin of lie I'd ted States, all the piece or parcel '
of land situate in toe Ciiy and County o.- ran |
Francisco, State of California, described as follows,
to wit:
I commencing at a point on the northerly line of
I Hermann (formerly Kale; street, distant thereon
eigh-y-seven fee: six . inches (8? and -ft.) :
, easterly from the easterly line of Webster street, :
! and runn. r.; thence easterly along said line of '
: Hermann street twenty-five i.jsi fee:, thence at i
I rtzbi angles northerly one hundrea and th .v-
-seven feet six inches (137 and 6-1- ft), thence at ■■
ri«ht angles westerly twenty-five (25) feet, and i
the ice a; right angles souther!}: one hundred and !
J thirty-seven leet six Inches (i 37 and 6-12 f.i) to
; the point of commencement."
: -B*lns portio of Western Addition block nor-
n• ber two hundred and D;ne'y-or.e (291), together
; with the appurtenances.
i c Teems or SAl.X— cash in gold coin of the United
I States; ten per cent nayapie to the nnderaigned on
, the tall of the hacamer; balance on delivery of
t deed: and if not so paid, unless for want of title
: (ten days being ai owed for search), then said ten
I per cent to be forfeited and t_e sale to be void.
; Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.- • • -
,-: '.;-, -,-.v HE>RY C. CAMPBELL, __..__.
: TiiAHHK:>f, KENT,; l-Trasties.
THE DIVORCE RECORD.
Complaints filed: ~ ____
i Complaints flled:
Nellie E. Heinsch axal Herman W. Heinsch.
i " Oimin Comle against Em el is ComM.'XßfKgnMf
Louise Mitchell against J. B. Mitchell.
Marssreua Isi«d against WUliata Isted. .
Divorce granted:' ' « .
Alice E. , Bethel ; from James M. Bethel, for
cruelty: by Judge _lacic. PiaintiH resumes her
maidea name, Alice,—, Johnson. .
SIHTiLS— MARRIAGES— DEAIi^L
fßlrtb, marrla~ and death notices sent by mill
will not be In-ened. They mas be handed in at
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence el persons a js_j/u_j
to nave the same pubSUhsl. J
- ' BORX. -
CHANNING— In this city, Augnst 13. 1896, to the
wife of Frank charming, 4 sen. —
HEROLD— In this city, July 31. 1898, to the wife
of Phil Heroid. a son.
JONES-In this city. August 13, 1893, to the wife
of Fred L. Jones, a daughter.
I4CHTENSTEIN— In this city. August 13. 1896,
to the wife of Isidore H. Llchtenstein, a son.
M ANN— August 9, 1896, to the wife of Alexander
M ann Jr.. a «on. ' SO
HARRIED.
DCCROW— BRECK WuLDT— In this city, August
12. 1893. by the K*v. Paul Branke, J. H. L»uerow
and J. Brec-wotdu
ECKSTEIN-WILSON— In this city, August 6,
by the Rev. Dr. K. R. DUle, Charles Eckstein of
Visalia. Cal.. aod Nell te Wilson of Modesto.
CORNAHRSN*— in this city.
Angus; 12, 1-96, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Al-
. Bert K. Ehreopfon and Rebecca Cora-brens.
ENTZM.INGER— GLASS— In this city. August 9.
1895, by the Rev. J. FnenJellng, Lorentx Knis-
minger and soph a Ulaas. ; . .
FRIEDLANDER-STANTON— In this. city, Au-
gust 10. 1893. by the Bey. Father Doran, A. A-
*'rtedlander and Nor* Stantoa, both of san Fran-
cisco. ■ '• ■ .-;■• ' i .;. . ■ \- . -.
HORNER— MEYERS— In this city, Augnst 8,
1695. by the Rev. Dr. E. R- Pllle., John W. Hom-
er of Oakland and Hattle M. Meyers of Fruit-
vale, Cat
BOSS— ENGELBERT— In this city, August 9,
I>9<s. by the Rev. J. Foendelta,. Hngb Ko»s. M.
D., of Tacoma. Wash., and Mrs. Eva Engelben
of Son) ma. CaL
SCHRACKHART— MEYER— In Oakland, Cat,
August 1%, 1 536, by the Rev. ■ J. FuendeUng,
Charles Scbraekhart and Mrs. Emma Meyer.
STOCK-RECTOR— In this city, Anrost 12, 189«,
by the Rev. J. Fnendeling, Reinhard Lndwlg
Stock of Bsn Jose, Cat, and Mary Howard Rec-
tor of Uklah, Cat
WEBB— HORTON— 27. 1898, Oliver Webb
of Wilmington, D*;., and EUza S- Horton of
San Frungi^co.
~~ DIED.
BneHnham, Sydney Herring. U«rtrod« A.
Carl, Julia Kiernan, Sarah J. s
Chute, George H. La Vailee. Noei—
Coper Cap- WOliam McDoog&lI, May
De Weyi. William D. Medbury, Elizabeth
, >nnis, Nicholas Donovan, Agnes
" Fjord. Jullaae " Powers, Edward J.
Foster. Annie Schnier. WUhelmlna
Gannett. 'William G. Scully. Ann*
Gniol, Mary Shine. Elizabeth
Heroid (Infant) Wilson, Captain James
BUCKINHAM-In Oakland. August 12, 1899,
Sydney Bnckinbam. a native of Connecticut,
aged 73 year* and 2 months.
CARL— In this cttv. Aneost 12. 189«, Julia, be-
loved wife of vVilliarn Carl, and sister of Edward
O'Neill, a native of Boston. Mass., aged SO years.
4-TFriendsare rupees fiillr Invite- 1 to a.ten.
the funeral THIS DAY (Friday). a: 10:45o'oloc«
a. *.. rr urn the parlors of James McMenomey A
Son, 1057 Mission street, near Seventh. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by funeral train
from Third and Townsend streets a: 11:30 a. v.
CHRISTIANSEN— In this city. August 13, 189 S.
Charlie Lndwlg Christiansen, beloved son of
Christian and Sophie Christiansen, and brother
of Otto, Frank- and wuiiam Christiansen, a na-
tive of -an Francisco, &_e4 _ years 3 t_oni!_ and
13 days.
-^Friends anil acquaintances are respedr
fnlly invited to attend tee funeral TO-MORROW
(S_;urday), at 2 o'ciork p. _ from bis late resi-
dence, 3221 Twenty-fourth street, corner Capp.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. -
CHLTE-In San Jose. Cal.. August 13. l(i9S.
Georgß H.. infant sop of John W. and Maggie F.
C'hu c. a native of California, aged 4 ruon
*_"Funeral private.
COPER— In this city, August 12, 1896, Captain
'-'•': ::*m, beloved husband of Maoueia Coper, a
na'lve ot New York, a;ed 74 years and 9 months-
sVsTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atten-i the fan>rr»i THIS DAY
(Friday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from the family
residence, 1304 EIIU street, lnteraien: Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
De WETs— ln this city. An?u« 13. 1896, William
Daniel de Weyt, a native of Amsterdam, Hol-
land. -■
WServices private THIS DAY (Friday), at
2:3ooclac:< p. _a; 1. 0- O. F. Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
ENNIS— In this city, August 11, 1896, Nicholas,
dearly beloved husband of the late Ann _nnis
and father of Mrs. Thotaai Dowd, Mrs. Charles
Welch, Mr*. Frank >trL_u?h in and Josephine
Ennis. a native of County W»zford, Ireland,
aged S2 years 4 months and 15 days. -
— _TFriecds and acquaintances are respect-
foliv invited to attend the funerV. THIS DAY
- (Friday), at 9 o'clock a. — .. from the resi-
dence of his daughter, Mrs. Frank MeLaaghlln.
1 103 Pierce street, thence to the Church of Holy
Cross.. where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for th» repose of alt) soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'c.ock a*, H. lat— C— M— Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
FJORD— In Alameda, Austin: 10. 1596, Juliane.
beloved wife of Lorens Fjord a id motoer of Mrs.
W. C Lo?aa »nd M.-i. C. K. Bain, of Astoria.
Or- Julia," Mt-ta. Carl and Rudolph Fjord, and
. sister of Otto, Adolph aid George B^rt-lsen and
Mrs. P»uli-e Martens. a native of Uoistein, Ger-
man v. a*ed 50 yean 6 months and 13 days.
Friends and ' acquaintances are retpe«t-
tally Invited to att«n>l to* funeral TO-MORROW
(SAtnrdar). st 1:^0 o'clock r. _.. lrom tbe
German Lutheran Church. Lafayette st eel, be-
tvwn >an:_ Clara a-xl Central aveoaes. Al»-
-meda. Iniermsnt Mounlaiii View Cemet*ry.
FOSTER— In Livermore, August 12. 1816. Annie,
• wife of Captain E. F.ister, and mother of Mrs. '
H. K. Osborn. Mrs George W. Van Als:lne and
- Edward, A-in;e. Little sod Arthur Foster, a na-
tive of Cheshire, England, aged 67 years and 8
months.
-_TFri*n4<! and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
TO-MORROW (Saturday), a: 9:45 o'clock a. m..
at St. Stephen's Kpiscop*l Church, 824 Fulton
street, between Webster and *FUlmore, can Fran-
cisco. Cat Interment pr.vste.
G * NNETT— In this city. Auguit 12. Un«. William
G. Gannett, brother of Mrs. .J. J. Wentworth,
and one eof May, Charles. G-orsre and Mrs. A.
A- Baxter, need to yea a 6 months and 14 days-
-_TFrlend3 and acqutaaianees. are respect-
tnliy Invited to attend t_« services THIS uxt
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. k.. at his late residence,
V2US Twenty-fourth street- •
GUIOL— In this city, August 13. 1596, Mary, be-
loved wife of Fr-d M. ulol. and dauebter of
Jo-eph and Catherine G&ssmann. and sister ot
Joseph F. Gassrnann and M r i Emily Stuparlon,
a n»:t v* of France, aged 37 years 1 month and
1 1 days-
HEROLD— In this city. July 31,1893, infant son
of Lena and Phil Heroid.
HERRING— In this city. Austin 13. 1833. Ger-
trude Annie, helovrd daughter of Harry H. and
Mary Louise Herrine. a native of San Francisco,
axed 6 months and 11 days.
KIERNAN— In tbl< City, Anrutt 12. 1898, Sarah
J.. beloved wife of M. J. sTiimsil. a native of
Sin Kr&ncuco, a;ed 36 year*.
*_-The funeral will take nlaeu THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 412 California avenue, thence to __ Paai's
Church, where a solemn requiem m— will
be celebrated for the repo«e of her soul, com-
mencing a: 9:30 o'clock a. -. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetarry.
LA VaLLKE— A solemn requiem hi:h mass for
the repose of the sou! of Noemie La V«_:ee wife
of Arm and La Vailee. will be celebrated at the
French Church, Bash street, THIS DAT
(Fr.day), at 9 o'clock a. m.
McDOUGALL— In this city, August IX 18»«.
May. beloved wlie of C A. McDousrall and
mother of Lyman, Adrian. Alice »nd Eva Me-
Dougall, stsfer 01 Mrs. Sail" Clark an I the la-
Sue Cogblan, a native Of New York. a_ed 33
years and 3 months.
*3-Kelativf»s and friends ' are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 12:15 o'clock r. _.. fro— 1 her la:*
residence, 2129 Bro-ivrick street, thence by 2
o'clock p. m. creek route boat to Oakland. Inter-
ment *_, Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
stEDBI'RY- In Mok*lumne Hill. August 12,
IS9S. Elizabeth, wife of Christopher Medbury
and sister of Mary Alice Pippy and John R.
Dalr, a;ed 58 years-*
4— TNotice of funeral hereafter.
O'DONOVAN— In tb's city. Auznst 11. 1896.
Agnes O'Ponovat:, a native of Ireland, aged 40
years 4 months and 3 days.
POWERS— In Blenheim, near Halfmoon Bay,
Autos: 7,1893, Edward J. Powers, dearly be-
loved son of Mrs. Annie Wlatt and the late Pat-
rick Power*, brother of P. J. Powers, and dearly
beloved father of rankle E. Powrrs of . Vatlejo.
a native of New Orleans, La., aged 45 years and
'_' months.
SCHNIER— In this dty, An;— « 12, 1896. W'.lhel-
mina Schuier, belovt-d wife of Henry L. Schnier,
and mother 0' John a d Ale* Demon, a native of
Holland, aged 53 years 8 months and 4 days.
Friends. and acquaintances an> respect-
fully tnvited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), a: 2 • o'ciock • p. _.. from her I at*
residence, northeast corner Haightand Staayaa
streets. Interment LO.'X F. Cemetery.
SCULLY— In this city, August 13. 1898. Anne
Scully/ beloved mother of Mrs. J. C. O'Brien.
Mrs. M. Farre.i. Nora Wi liaaas and Edward
J. ccully, a natlvaof Carrick-on-Satr. Coanty
lipp-ra-'y, Ireland, *j«d *$ years 4 months and
13 nays. (Boston pa^erJ please copy,
eirNotlce ot funera. her*a»ter.
SHINE— In thU city, August 12, 1896. — Usabeth
Mxine.
SLISKOVI CH-In this city. August 14, 1886,
Msrtin beloved son of Nato and Annie Slisko-
vtcb. «rd brother ofJoh-<, Leo and Matilda Mi»-
kovteh, a cative of San Francisco, aged 7 years
8 months and 16 days.
WILSON— In W#st Berkeley/ A ngnst 12,1898.
> Captain James Wilson. be:oved husband uf Mary
Elizabeth Wl!»on, and father of M. Ellen, Flor-
ence. William J . A. D.. F. B-, H. H. aad Sabtna
. K. wiison, a native 0! Denmark. aged 63 years S
months and 16 Jay*.
- J9* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
<cll.- Invited to attend ti:e funeral THIS DAY
(rr.day). at 2 o'ciock p. _.. from his late resi-
dence. University avenue, near C. and N. B. R.,
Berkeley. Services under the itcsptees of Live
Oak Loig<> No. • 61. F. and A. -M. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. '
' ' NicAVOY -1 CALLACHER, " I
rUKKRAL DIBKCTOaS A F.MBAI.3IKBS,
SO i'tft- St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MAT EC. COUNTY: * N BAREST C'EilE-
t«-ry to the city: non-sectarian; in no sense «x-
-clusive; location unexcelled. '<■ Office fcS7 __r_«*
uiKtu eQu:_taai cornet 01 BIXU_
1516
AN OPEN LETTER
IN REPLY TO THE EDITOR
OF "THE MONITORS"
IN REPLY TO THE EDITOR
OF "THE MONITOR."
Sev. Peter C. Vorke— Dear Sir: In my first
letter to you I said: "If after reading this let
ter you do not feel fully satisfied with the facts
herein given. I shall be most happy to respond
to any questions or to furnish any oral or
documentary corroborative evidence which
you may think wise to request."
In response to this, ana aiter having read
my letter, you saw fit to address me an open
letter, which I published in full in The Call
of Thursday morning. Your letter is now be
fore me, and I note therein seven questions
which you have asked me to answer more
fully than I did in my former letter.
Your first question is this:
I.
Is it true after Marshall had made this cor
rupt proposition, namely that Hudelson aDd
the other leaders of the A. P. A. would sell out
the order for $50,000. more or less— is it true
ihatvouthen referred said Marshal i to John
r>. Spreckels, the local leader of the Republican
party?
My answer is that Marshall called upon aie
and made statements regarding his power in
the order and the intention of himself and
others whose names I gave in my first letter to
use their influence iv the orderfor their selfish
purposes. He requested of me a letter to Mr.
Spreckels, that he might be received by that
gentleman and thereby enabled to present nis
plans and purposes. I declined to give him r
letter. I did not refer said Marshall to Mr.
Bpreckels with any corrupt proposition or any
proposition; but I did say that if he had polit
ical matters which he desired to discuss with
Mr. Spreckels he would find him at his office
on Market street.
Answering your second question:
11.
Is it true that at the Sacramento Republican
Convention the A. P. A. iaction. headed by the
Rev. Benjamiu Hudelson, 00-operated with
John D. Spreckeis and controlled the conven
tion?
I was not at Sacramento at the meeting of
the Republican State Convention. I therefore
can only answer on the testimony of others. I
have, however, made diligent inquiry of Mr.
Spreckels and of other gentlemen who were at
the convention, aud who were in a position to
know, and I am assured and speak with au
thority when I say that Mr. Spreckels entered
into no combination with B. F. Hudelson at
Sacramento, nor did he before the meeting at
Sacramento, nor has he since entered into
such a combination or understanding. Mr.
SprecKels has already made a similar denial of
this over his own signature.
Question No. 3.
in.
Is it true that this co-operation was the re
sult ot a combination between the Rev. Ben
jamin Hudelson and John D. Spreckels by
whii'h, as proposed by Marshall in January,
the Rev. Benjamin Hudelson agreed to throw
the solid A. P. A. vote to the side of John D.
Spreckels ?
\s I said above in answer to question No. 2
1 know of no such combination and I am
assured that there was no such arrangement
made, and I now affirm from my knowledee
and belief that there was no arrangement,
combination or understanding entered into at
Sacramento as the result of any agreement
made between Marshall, Hudelson or any
other member of the American Protective
Association with John D. Spreckels. I know
of no testimony that would sustain this charge,
but if there are those so low as to make these
charges I can reply that they have perjured
themselves and do perjure themselves when
they make such statements.
Answering your question Xo. 4:
IV.
Wat it not the threat to publish
First— The combination between the Rev
Berjsmin Hudelson and others to sell the
A. P. A., and
Second— The subsequent corrupt proposition
made to you by Marshall in the January ofthis
year?
Was it not the threat to publish these facts ,
that caused the stealing of the document? •
containing the expose on the 10th ot April |
and the loss of Marshall's front teeth four days
later?
As to the stealing of Marshall's affidavit, I
am of the opinion that G. W. Owens could best
testify as to the motives which induced him to
take the affidavit from the hand of one Wood
worth. 1 was assured by Woodworth that
Owens did so take the affidavit, and gave it to !
M. T. Brewer.
I can answer the remainder of question Xo.
4 by saying that it was not any threat on the
part of Marshall to publish the affidavit that j
caused the loss of his front teeth. The full ex- j
planation of tbat matter Mr. Spreckels and j
myself will be called upon to make before the
court in the case now pending.
Question No. 5 :
V.
Can you explain the fact that though you
knew that the Rev. Benjamin Hudelson an-1
Henry F. Marshall were encaged iv this cor
rupt proposition to sell out the A. P. A. you
■till permitted the said Rev. Benjamin* F.
Hudelson to anpear in your columns as a rep
resentative of the anti-Catbolic side of tne
controversy and that you retained Henry F.
Marshall, who admitted to you that he was a
corrupt politician, in your employ until after
the episode of the front teeth in the following
April?
The Call did admit articles signed by B. F.
Huaelson relative to the ?reat religious con
troversy in which you took such a conspicu
ous part; but The Call did not indorse the
truth of any statements made by B. F. Hudel
son, nor did it indorse him personally or oth
erwise. H. F. Marshall wu not employed by
me after his blackmailing scheme had been
fully developed. 1 desire to restate now that
Marshall was not at tba'. time a member of the
regular staff of The Call; but was employed
at odd times in special detail matter, and
never even in this capacity after his charao
ter was fully understood by me.
Question No. ti:
VL
Do /ou consider that the Rev. Benjamin F.
NEW TO -DAT.
(jinger
y^^" Fred Brown's Jamaica ?§»
/^^ Ginger stands to-day as /^i
J^ it did 75 years ago, the I|i\
/fp standard preparation of
§ pure Jamaica Ginger — arem- Ml
= edial agent of the highest re-M\
; s liability. So great has been 3
= its success that hundreds of II
= imitations are made to-day =■
s and foisted upon the public as =
1| "Brown's Ginger." These |1
= should be strenuously avoid- 1|
= cd. A simple means of get- S3
H ting the genuine is to ask for Ml
, g FRED Brown's Jamaica §1/
}|& Ginger, and see that the If/
V|d red label is on the wrap- 4§7
/^, per with this trader ||y
ye? mark. Sy
C^^t% FBXDBROWXCtL, \§§fes
Hudelson is a reputable citizea and a credit
able witness?
I desire to say most distinctly that I have
never produced B. F. Hudelson as a witness
of mine. Ido not know the distinguished gen
tleman by sight even. I never had one word's
conversation with him in my life. I never re
ceived a letter from him, and never Bent him
word or letter. I do not desire now to pre
sent him as a witness. I am much grieved,
from the general reputation which he tears in
this community, to have him presented by good
men as a witness against me.
Question Xo. 7:
VII.
If you think that the said Benjamin F.
Hudelson is worthy of credit, wha>t have you
to say to his explanation that he wrote the tin
type letter under the conviction that you
would appoint Marshall to be a soy upon the
doings of Catholic ladles?
I do not think B. F. Hudelson worthy of
credit, if he makes any such statements or
draws any such conclusions. I might make
this broader by saying that I do not think any
human being worthy of credit who would
make the charge that I had appointed Mar
shall or would appoint Marshall to act as a
spy over any Catholic or other institutions in
I this or any other State. The proposition is sim
ply monstrous. It could never emanate, save
j from a man wholly corrupt and unworthy of
belief. It could not be proven by any testi
mony, however vile or damnable. Such a
proposition was never presented to me in any
form, either by Hudelson or any one else; and
in all probability Hudelson well understands
that fact. Finally, therefore, whatever he
might say regarding this matter tbat would
connect me in any wise with the doings of
himself or those with whom he was associated
I pronounce it to be absolutely and meanly
false.
: Referring to the fact that I addressed you as
"Yours for political and religious freedom,"
you say "It is sad, indeed, that these senti
ments have been so long concealed." I have
to say that, so far as I am concerned, my senti
ments on this subject have never been con
cealed. From my earliest youth all who have
known me have known that I stood for the
broadest freedom of every man to worship God
[ according to the dictates of his conscience,
j and answerable to no man, institution or gov
ernment. I have heretofore publicly declared
these things:
I am a free-born American citizen. My rights
to religious liberty are guaranteed to me in the
constitution. The rigtit to think, the right to
believe also as I may, comes from a higher
source.
Kb man or set of men have the right, nor
should they have the power, to enslave my
i mind, any more than they should have the
power to place shackles upon my body.
I stand lor religious liberty.
I grant to every human being liberty of mind
and conscience.
Every man should have the right to build
his own church, or no church. He must be
permitted to worship God as suits him best.
So lar as I am concerned I freely grant him
I that freedom, that liberty.
Ido not fear bigots. lam not so anxious to
get on in this world as to offer far coin my
i religious opinions or my freedom to think on
j all subjects just as it suits my purpose best.
To be plain and to conclude: lam not a
! slave; lam a free man. I will use my freedom
I on religious matters at all times to please
i myself.
! lam not a crank. lam not a bigot. I de
j spise bigots. I pity a crank. I demand free
; dom— freedom for all. Freedom for the Catho
i lie, freedom for the Jew, the Methodist and
the Baptist.
Freedom is sunlight. I turn my face to the
sunlight. I listen to the voice oi truth. I hate
bigotry. I loath slavery.
Upon these lines I siiall move steadily for
ward and fear not. I cannot think of giving
i up my freedom, my liberty. I am willing to
grant to all others absolute freedom to worship
God" as they may, and as for myself I demand,
and God granting me power I will exercise, the
same precious privilege which, with all my
heart, I freely accord to others.
Charles M. Shobtridgi.
CONCERNING COWARDICE.
An Editorial Written for "The Mon
itor" That Is Somewhat
Pointed.
The following note and the accompanying
proofsheet therein mentioned reached The
Call yesterday evening:
s as Fbaxcisco, Auk. 13, 1896.
To the Editor of th- San Francitco Call— Sib: The
Inclosed is a proof of an editorial which will appear
in this week's Monitor. If you desire to use U you
are at liberty to do so. Respectfully,
Monitor Publishing Company.
C
The Cowardice of the "Chronicle,"
The latest development In the controversy has
I been the publication of the open letter of Charles
I M. Shortridge to the editor of the Monior. The
' reply to that letter was furnished (as we believe
' custom demands) in the form of advance sheets to
: Ihe Call and Examiner. Thoush there were in
the letter expressions which reflected severely
on all the papers impartially, the direcsors of
Ihe Call and Examiner had the courage to
| print the letter precisely as it appears in onr
j columns to-day.
The editor of the Chronicle heard of the fact that
advance sheets were to be published, and he sent
his representative to ask for them. We had no
particular wish to obi lge me editor of the Chronicle,
and no particular desire to Bee the Open Letter in
; it« pa?es. We had. moreover, experience of the
- unreliable character of John P. Young, and we
i nifide the distinct condition tbat the letter should
| be run as it was written, or not at al'.. Only on
this condition were the proofshoets furnished.
As usual. John P. Young was too cowardly to
| print the letter in fall and too cowardly to keep bis
: word. He was anxious to injure h rival paper, bat
I could conceive no other way of injuring it than the
; cur's wbj of snapping at its heels He mutilated
■ the letter and printed what he considered would
hurt, while the many circumstances related in the
letter which throw a different light on the matters
treated were relegated to the waste-basket.
To hide what is true is often more mendacious
than to suggest what is false. The Chronicle's
method of d aling with the open letter to Charles
M. Shortridee shows that John P. Young Is a past
master in the art of suppressio veri. We, of
course, are anxious to prove that the Monitor haa
! been right in its past course, but we emphatically
j decline such weapons and such aid.
\V hile we re?ret the necessity of ca'ling public
I atu-Dtioc to this conien.pt. ble piece of sbysterism
1 we feel tbat It in our duty to show that the same
cowardly, insincere ana dishonorable policy obtains
to-day in the Chronicle office which obtained ten
months ago. There has been no amendment.
Now as then it is impossible to find a man in the
entourage of John P. Young who knows the value
of bis word.
FOURTH OF JULY SURPLUS.
j The Money May Be Apportioned to City
Grand Army Posts.
All the financial obligations of th?
Fourth of July celebration committee have
been paid, and there remains an unex
i pended balance of $500. Nearly all the
' leading contributors to the fund have
j signed a petition requesting that the sur
• pins be divided among the Grand Army
I posts of San Francisco, as these organiza
j tions drew on their own resources to de
fray the expenses of Memorial day observ
ances.
These facts are set forth in the bodypf
the petition, and the signature of every
oank, firm or individual tbat contributed
$20 or more to the celebration fund is
sought. It is set forth that in the observ
ance of Memorial day the principles of
patriotism recognized in the celebration of
the Fourth of July are justly remembered.
THROWN CUT OF A. BUGGY.
Lillian St. Clatr, a Living Picture,
Kjected by Her Companion.
Lillian St. Clair, 19 years of age, who
poses as a living picture in a "Barbary
Coast" dive, and lives at Fifth and Clara
streets, is in me Receiving Hospital in a
semi-conscious condition.
She was out in Golden Gate Park yester
day afternoon driving in a buggy with a
young man. At the speed track they
quarreled and he threw her out of the
buggy. She was found dv a park police
man, who had her taken to the hospital
in the ambulance.
The doctors at the hospital are some
what puzzled over her case, but they
think she is only suffering from alcohol
ism.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1896.
MONEY COULD NOT
BUY THE LAND.
So the Luning Building
Will Have Eight
Sides.
VALUE OF ONE CORNER
The Owner Wanted $25,000 for
a Little Cigar-Store
Site.
NORTH BEACH LOTS HELD HIGH
Demands Were Rejected and a Large
Structure Is Going Up Around
the Obstructions.
The Lunine Company nas had an un
pleasant experience in finding something
that money could hardly buy. The com
pany owns real estate all over San Fran
cisco, but in this instance it could not add
a tithe to its block at Montgomery avenue
and Vallejo street unless a sum fabulous
in comparison with present values was
paid. This the millionaire estate de-
Diagram of the North Beach Block.
The Shaded Portion Represents
the Site of the Luning Com
pany's Kew Business Building,
Which Was Obstructed at Two
Places by the Unreasonable
Prices Asked by the Owners.
clined to do, for the reason it would not
yield to the demand, much as it wished to
secure a few square feet of land to improve
the frontage of a large building about to
be constructed at that place.
The result is that the Luning Company
has been compelled to prepare plans for
what will probably be the most irregularly
shaped business block in this City. If the
two small lots could have been purchased
the new building would have but four
sides. Now, however, it will present eight
distinct exterior lines, with the most im
portant corner cut off, and a small, old
fashioned frame house cutting into the
Stockton-street front.
The block in which the Luning Com
pany is building is bounded by Vallejo
and Stockton streets and the avenue. At
the angular corner of Vallejo street and
REV. H. H. CLAPHAM, PASTOR OF ST. JAMES PARISH.
i Montgomery avenue there is a little tri
| angle measuring 24 feet 10% inches on
i Valle jo street, 33 :10J^ on the avenue and
I 29:103£ on the base.
Upon this bit of land Peter Aiferiti, the
owner, has a cigar-3tore, with a few rooms
overhead for a doctor's office. The Lunine
Company wanted this corner so that the
new store would have an unbroken front.
Alferitz intimated that he did not want to
sell, and then offers were made till the
$20,000 mark was reached. This was met
with the reply that the bit of land could
be had for $25,000. Negotiations were at
an end and now the coveted corner could
not sell for $10,000.
The Lnning lot measures 137 feet 6 inches
on Vallejo street and 140 feet on the ave
aue. Its Stockton-street front is cut up by
a small lot owned by P. Marsicano, which
has a frontage of 20 feet and a depth of 57
feet. Ok the north of this lot tne Luning
property has a front of 51 feet, while on
the south, extending to the Vaile jo-street
corner, its length is 66>^ feet.
Marsicano heard that his wealthy
neighbors wanted the lot and be valued it
at a price which those who know about
the matter declare was doub.e the real
value. 8o this little slice of land was also
indignantly pissed by.
At that particular point property has
become valuable since Stockton street
grew into a busy and prosperous business
thoroughfare. Witn one large structure
divided into stores, with flats or offices
above, the Luning block would soon be
come the center of business activity in
the North Beach district. The difference
of opinion over property values, however,
das changed the aspect altogether.
A HAT FULL OF MONEY.
Peddlers Organize to Fight the New
City Ordinance— tour Hundred
on the 8011.
Responding to a call for a meeting to
protest against the ordinance affecting
peddlers, recently adopted by the Board
of Supervisors, about 400 peddlers met
last night in Federation Hall, on Mission
street, between Fourth and Fifth streets.
Organization of the Peddlers' Protective
Association was perfected, with the elec
tion of the following officers:
President, Meyer Bloom; vice-president,
M. J. Mahoney ; financial secretary, Ernest
Ling; recording secretary, A. Bloom;
treasurer, Daniel Keefe. These officers
were also made the financial and execu
tive committee. Jonn Bowen and John
Shea were elected sergeants-at-arms, and
a committee on by-laws was chosen as fol
lows: L. Herold, H. Munter, John Kramer,
Thomas Gibbons and John Nellman.
Attorney Frea McGregor made a speech,
in which he spoke of the peddlers being
robbed of their rights by a Board of
Supervisors, which he described in terms
anything but complimentary.
About 400- signed the roli of members
and paid 25 cents initiation fee, and nearly
a hatful of silver was collected.
Resolutions lauding two decisions of
Judge Conlan in peddlers' cases were
adopted.
There will be another meeting at the
same place next Thursday night, when
more members will sign the roll.
HOBURG IS WILLING.
The Attorney Will Not Oppoie His
Wife Id Her Efforts to Get a
Divorce.
Frank T. Hoburg, the attorney, is not
going to oppose the efforts of his wife,
Mary Gibbs Hoburg, to get a divorce. A
default was entered in his case yesterday
in Judge Hunt's court The trial will be
had this morning, but the testimony will
all be presented In behalf of the plaintiff.
The suit caused quite a sensation at the
time it was filed, because of the promi
nence of the parties*, and every effort was
made to avoid publicity.
Mrs. Hoburg claims that her husband
has been extremely cruel to her almost
from the very day of their marriage and
that he has failed to provide for her, and
so forced her to draw upon her separate
estate for maintenance.
RICHMOND'S MEW PASTOR
A Clergyman Who Has Found a
Church Too Small for His
Congregation.
Bright Ecclesiastial Prospects In Store
tor the Residents of the Fa
vored Valley.
Richmond will in the near future have a
new Episcopal church, and one that will
in a measure be large enough to accommo
date the increasing congregation which
has been aroused from a condition of
lethargy since the appearance of tbe
young pastor, the Rev. H. H. Clapham.
It is generally understood that a church
is to be erected in the place of the present
guild hall, which will be turned around
and set at tne back of its present site, leav
ing room for a larger and more imposing
structure. This would have become a ne
cessity before long, on account of the rap
idly increasing congregation ; but the erec
tion of the new building of tbe Maria Kip
Orphanage witVin a few blocks of the
present house of worship, which will be
begun in a few weeks, makes the call for
better church accommodation urgent.
Several meetings have recently been held
to consider the matter, with the result
tbat a vigorous effort is being made to
raise the necessary funds.
The Rev. H. H.'Clapiiam was appointed
to the church about two months ago. He
was formerly rector of Los Gatos, and pre
vious to that was at Bakersfield. He has
had large and successful experience in
mission work, and is said to be peculiarly
fitted for that which he has now under
taken.
The officers of the church are: J. H.
Richards, warden; F. H. Seely, clerk; W.
C/Wise, treasurer.
FOR EARLY CLOSING.
The Drygoods Clerks Effect Permanent
Organization.
The fourth meeting of the Retail Dry
goods Clerks' Early Closing Association
was held last evening in K. R. B. Hall
A permanent organization was effected.
A communication was received from the
directors of the Emporium stating that it
was imDossible for them to close their dry
goods department Saturday evenings at"6
o'clock. The executive committee was in
structed to take vigorous action in the
matter.
There were over 150 drvgoods salesmen
present.
SMITH ASPIRES TO
BIRD-LIKE FLIGHT
His Airship Said to Be
Undoubtedly a Great
Success.
BUILDING TO COMMENCE
The Company Satisfied That
the Problem Has Been
Solved.
ALUMINUM, GAS AND WINGS.
How Dr. Smith Has Discovered a
Means to Sail Through
the Air.
Dr. C. A. Smith is more enthusiastic
than ever before over his flying-machine
since he received a telegram Wednesday
from Washington, D. C, informing him
that a patent had been granted on his de
vice for sailing through the air.
A company was incorporated in this
City last Saturday for the purpose of
building Smith's airship, navigating air
vessels and carrying on a general business
in them. I. J. Truman, president of tbe
Columbian Bank, and George T. Gaden
are among tbe stockholders and directors.
The attorney for the company is the Hon.
M. M. Estee.
These well-known men declare that
Smith's air-machine appears feasible as a
mechanical proposition, and that it is
really a most ingenious solution of the
difficult problems that have faced the
scientific aeronaut.
Dr. Smith himself claims it will lift it
self and additional weight, and, more than
that, he can so control its flight as to prac
tically imitate a bird on the wing. This
means that the airship can be lifted from
the earth and depressed at the will of the
engineer, who may also steer his vessel
hither and thither, describe circles regard
less of the wind and perform evolutions
like a ship at sea. It is still further
claimed for this wonderful invention tbat
it can be driven into the very teeth of a
storm. Indeed, if all that is claimed for
it proves true the long-talked-of airship—
th« chimera of visionary men — will soon
be an accomplished fact.
The. new company intends to open a
worlisnop at once and bepin the construc
tion of Dr. Smith's first airship. And
then, in the course of a few months from
now, expectations of seeing the new ma
cuine arise and float aloft will be very
strong.
The" machine, as described by directors
of the company, combines three princi
ples well understood in aerial navigation,
but only poorly applied. First of all
there is to be a cigar-shaped cylinder of
aluminum, the lightest of metals, which
will contain gas to give buoyancy. With
gas for a partial support tnere will be
wings, one on eacli side. These wings are
to be operated after the principle of birds'
wings, and to act as aeroplanes as well as
parachutes. They are so devised that they
can be opened to a great extent, and so
spread ontward like monstrous fans.
With them in motion the ship can be
raised or lowered and propell- d at will.
When closed by touching a button, they
are designed to fold close against the sides
of the gas cylinder. In coining down
with tbe airship they are to be opened and
extended, under which condition the mon
ster is to seesaw its way to mother earth.
In tbe rear, according to Dr. Smith's
plans, there will be a screw propeller with
large fans. This will be driven by a small
electric engine supplied by power from
condensed storage batteries in the
machine.
What is said to be one of the most in
teresting features of this invention is the
steering apparatus, by which it is con
tended that the ship can be positively
guided. They consist of fans that will
work in connection with the wings in
directing the flight.
While some of the directors are not in
clined to believe that the airship of Dr.
can be utilized in navigation of the
air beyond limited reconnoitering in war,
its inventor declares that it will cross the
continent from dan Francisco to New
York in twenty-four hours.
The technical description is still with
held by the inventor, as he is not satisfied
to tell all he knows until the patent docu
ments come from Washington.
TREADWELL RESTORED.
The Supreme Court Restores the At
torney Hi- Offense Held to
Be Attoned For.
, Attorney W. B. Treadwell is a happy
man. After more than eleven years
passed under the stigma of disbarment he
has at last been reinstated as an attorney
in good standing with authority to prac
tice his profession in all the courts of this
State.
The Supreme Court in raising the ban
of disbarment refers in terms of the
highest commendation to Mr. Treadwell's
blameless record during all the years
which he has spent under censure and
cites a number of English and American
precedents for its action. The petition
for Mr. Treadwell's rehabilitation is
signed by E. B. and George H. Mastick,
in whose employ as confidential managing
clerk Mr. Treadwell has been for nine con
secutive years, during which time their
confidence in him has never been be
trayed.
The petitioners also call the court's at
tention to Mr. Treadweil's unstained fam
ily lile, and rurther show that the money,
the misappropriation of which caused his
disbarment, has been fully refunded and
repaid to its lawful owner?. They believe
bim to have atoned for bis one misstep and
urged tbat his reinstatement could in no
way bring discredit upon the legal profes
sion. In restoring Mr. Treadwell to good
standing the court «ays:
No cases holding the contrary view have
come to our attention, nor do we find any
thing in the statutes of this State to alter this
rule. The statute merely regulates the pro
cedure and in no way defines tiie effect of the
order upon the powers of tne court. That ef
fect must be determined by the ordinary rules
of law, which, as we have shown, authorize
the court to mitigate the sentence upon a
showing of good cause arising .-üb»equently.
We think, therefore, that upon the showing
made and the authorities cited the application
should be granted.
Matt Kcrr'n Saloon Attached.
The saloon of Matt Kerr, at the corner of
Halleck and Leidesdorff streets, one of the
oldest retail liquor establishments in San
Francisco, has been attached for a bill of
$45 for goods sold and delivered.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Th* fas- /9
_ _ NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS. '
TEN GREAT LEADERS!
The TREMENDOUS REDUCTIONS that are attracting such
crowds to our GREAT FORCING-OUT SALE OF ALL SUMMER
GOODS are illustrated in the following lines
SPECIALLY SELECTED FOB CLEARANCE TO-DAY!
LADIES SHIRT WAISTS,
100 dozen LADIES' SHIRT. WAISTS, made of heavy percale, in fancy stripe*. an«
checks, laundered collar and cuffs, regular price 75c and $1, will bo offered at 25«
each. "~ - '.;. ' - 6
LADIES' WHITE KID GLOVES!
55 dozen 4-BUTTON WHITE KID GLOVES. Wack Jnd self embroidered ; backs (odd
sizes), regular value $1, will be closed out at 40c a pair.
FANCY RIBBONS!
■C A VfiV DTBOrtVO 3 At 3 OOZltSa
FA^to S2Sh,n i. an s- Na J^S^LK^f SI?AND GROS-GBAIN RIBBONS,
will be closed out at 3c a yard. ■
FA yard RIBB ° in Dresden effects, all silk, value 35c, will be closed out at 15c •
CARRIAGE PARASOLS !
COLORED CARRIAGE PARASOLS, assorted^JoTorT'value $1 50, will be closed oui
st oUc cecu.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
,„. , -A.t 1O Cents.
130 dozen 36-oz. 84-Needle Fine Gauge OXFORD MIXED HALF HOSE, knit with
strong white heels and toes and o^-inch ribbed-top, regular price $2 a' dozen will
be closed out at 10c a pair. .
__ _ , -A-t 15 Cents.
95 dozen _ MEN'S AND BOYS' TENNIS FLANNEL OVERSHIRTS, in light and
medium vertical stripes, made with regulation rolling collar/shaped shoulders
regular price 50c, will be closed out at 15c each. '
nn , yy ♦35 Cents. : . ' '
20 dozen BOYS' SAILOR SUITS, made of striped linen duck, galatea collar and
cuffs, lanyard and whistle, regular, price 75c, will be closed out at 35c a suit.
LADIES' BLACK HOSIERY !
' ■A-t IS Cents.
150 dozen LADIES' BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, double heels, soles and toes,
Hermsdorf black, worth $4 a dozen, will be closed out at 15c a pair.
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS!
- . . I At G . Cents Each.
200 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN
HANDKERCHIEFS, regular price $1 50 a dozen, will be closed out at 6»^c each.
f Mf§H&^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Market Stout mm if ims, /
Philadelphia I
Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
BARGAIN SEEKERS
Are always pleased with oar shoes and prices. We
have to sell cheap on account of that HIGH
FENCE, and our customers are willing to walk ;
around it sobs to take. advantage of oar cheap
prices. This week the ggrea ters r bargain ever of-
fered in the United States That's a bi-,> assertion, ■
but we can back it up. Ladies' extra quality Vici ;
Kid Lace Shoes, with the very best black cloth '
tops, latest style razor, toes and patent leather :
tips, flexible soles, reduced for this week to 82, j
never sold before for less than 3; all sizes and ;
widths.] "
This week money In yonr pocket. Special Sale j
Of Ladies' Extra Fine French Viet Kid Button I
Shoes, with either clovh or kid tops, latest style
razor , toes, < half - Tokio ■ last. > flexible soles and
patent-leather tips. Special price 91.85. Nothing'
like it ever offered before. Regular price %'i 50.
■ *5T Country orders solicited.
tar Send for New Illustrated Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO..
10 Third Street, San Francisco. '
1 1 It I /Yvjr^
#ARNYS\
IS THE VERY BEST O.VE TO EZAJtfPVM
Onto* Hours— la utr.K w»»
, _
*|ga^R-s!> Belts for $30.
IjT "^M Old-fashioned auJ poorly
— ' '"<■»" * 'Htß made, can be bud by pay-
jpjftirj^ji^fc! 'll*^'* Ing your money to eiectrlc
f*J7>->?S^^f-*?C l * lt "quacks" and travel-
/«^sktJ~ i^C~ <p "takers." For a fixat-
1* ■- <C?v ■'.-■' ' cla.4 article at a reasonable ■
<•&■> ■ .: -price <• rile or call for free
mr RCy iT ny _„, of our new book. ; HB.
•25£r ,if_?°^.« 70 * Sacramento St., cor- Kearo*
•wood, Uilrd and ioarUi floors, Saa Francisco.
HEALD'S
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 . POST ST., BAN
Francisco— Bookkeeping, , penmanship, busi-
ness practice, shorthand (Hitman), typewriting,
telegraphy, modern languages, .English branches
and everything pertaining to a business education
rapidly taught. Department of Electrical En-
gineering in operation. Individual instruction. 20
teachers. Night sessions. Stndenta can commence
at any time. Thousands of graduates in positions.
Write for ca lalogue.
THE LYCEUrI.
TJREPARATOBY SCHOOL FOX THE UNf-
X versity. Law Mnd Medical Colleges." Accredited
with Stanford, Cooper, eta Many students have
been successfully prepared at thls school. Bar and
evening sessions. Keterences, President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. PneUn building, No*
333-335. PROF. L. H. ÜBAU, Principal, laM of
Stanford University.
MISS WtST'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS,
9AI A VAN NESS AYE.— TWENTY-THIRD
; — "ii year open* August 131. Certificate ad-
mits : to Vassar, Smith and \Vellesl»y Colieres.
, Hoii«" pupils limited .0 fourteen. Kindergarten
; connected with the* school.
| ST. MATTHEW'S FOR BOYS.
WO MILKS FROM SAN. MATEO; THIRTY-
JL first year. For catalogue ' address RtV. AL-
FREDiLtE BREWER, D.D.. Rector, ban Mateo,
Cat.
HISS ELIZABETH MOORE'S
FRENCH AND ENGLISH SCHOOL RB-
moved from 515 Haigbt st. to 230 Halgnt;
limited number of boarders received; pupils pre-
pared for college; term opens August 3.
SNELL SEMINARY,
1 91 Q MADISON ST., OAKLAND: A BOARD-
I^IO ing and Day School for Girls: pupils pre-
pared for college and university ; next term ooena
MONDAY, August 3, 1896.
.. -•■ -.. : . MARY E. 3NELL. Principal.
17ISKA INSTITUTE. 1606 VAN NESS AYE.—
Zj Day and boarding school for girls; from pri-
mary throngh collegiate department; - thorough
course of English, French and German: those
wishing to join the graduating class should be
! present on day of opening, Angust S. MMX.
i B. ZI*KA. A.M.. Principal.
THE SDCCESS M
THE UDIES^GRHL BOOM
— — O-' lUX
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM lABKI St
OPEN UN Tit MIPMItiHT.
iron BEI>S.
r■■ ' i „ BRASS BEDS."
. 37 ' — -**~ ■- FOLDING BED*
V * Wire and Hair Mat-
tresses, Real i nl a:
: Chairs, Wheel Cnairs, .
' Ifirrn commodes, Bade Resu
I I L fliil/lf W. A. BCHROCK,
iC— T* »w Montgomery
— "^—^^■f* jjj., nude* tit«n«
iiiSi
20 TO 50 CANS PER DAY.
' APPLY IT 307 BATTERY STREET.