VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 57.
WATSON WAS A
FOE TO BRYAN,
Scoffed at the Nebraskan in
His Speeches in
Congress.
BITTER IN HIS ATTACKS.
The Young Orator Ridiculed as
a Party "Darling" and a
"Pretty Man."
RECORD OF THE GEORGIAN.
Once Created an Uproar in the House
by Accusing Members of
Drunkenness.
"WASHINGTON, D. C, July 26.— The
nomination of Tom Watson of Georgia as
a running mate with Bryan on the Popu
list ticket is regarded with derision in
Washington, where Watson is best known.
It is recalled that Bryan and Watson,
when members of the Fifty-second Con
gress, were often pitted against each
other in debate. Indeed, the Georgia
Populist seemed to feel an especial ani
mosity toward Bryan and vented his
spleen whenever opportunity offered. The
two men are as different as possible in
both physical and mental mateup. Bryan,
a gifted orator, a man of commanding
presence and a fine voice, always had the
sympathy of fellow members and Of the
galleries, which greatly irritated his ad
versary. Watson is a typical "corn-crack
er."' His physical appearance is utterly
insignificant and strongly reminds one of
"Ransy Sniffle," described .in Judge Long
street's Georgia scenes as a native of
Georgia, who had been reared on a diet of
red clay and blackberries:'
Watson was an aggressive Congressman,
impetuous and intemperate in his utter
ances and seemed never .happy unless be
was fomenting trouble in the House of
Representatives. When the tariff bill was
being considered, he sought to show that
Bryan was insincere in his tariff-for-rev
enue professions. He paid his compli
ments to Bryan in this fashion:
On the other hand, we have our handsome and
brilliant friend from Nebraska (Bryan), who
was put forward as the "darling" of the Demo
cratic side of the house, the prettiest man In
all the bunch, and his entire j speech, which
ranged -^ from Tom Aloe-* 1 - poetry to Joe
Miller's jest book, was ttw- — and substance
of the old Democratic -position on the tariff
that "We will practice what is wrong, while
we know what is right." .
After, a burst of laughter Watson pro
ceeded to the serious features of the tariff,
but soon returned to Bryan, and con
tinued :
He announced his ideal Democratic plat
form, not a platform you would have, but a
platform you should have— a platform you
could have if a man were sitting quietly by
bis fire at night with his feet in his slippers,
cigar in his month, a hot | toddy by his side,
nothing to disturb him, and ideal Democratic
dreams in bis heart.' Now, what was that plat
form? It was very pretty. It has all the vague
charms of the undefined. It has all the bound
less beauty of a landscape that has no limit.
He says this phrase, ''tariff for protection," is
the only thing of which he complains. He
says, in effect: "I do not object to it if it does
by indirection what the other says fit should
do directly; but I object to a tariff which says
in plain words what it is meant to do."
There was much laughter on the Repub
lican side. < Watson quoted some of
Bryan's glowing sentences and then
added :
That is beautiful. It Is like the old fish
trap, with one mouth down the stream and the
other up, and it catches 'em a comln' and a
goin\ [Great laughter.]
Watson finally made himself odious to
his fellow-members by writing a campaign
book, in which he accused Home of them
of incompetency, intemperance and venal
ity. On one hot July day General Wheeler
of Alabama arose to a question ' of privi
lege and read from the clerk's desk the
following paragraph from Watson's book:
Lack of common business prudence was never
more glaring. Drunken members have reeled
about the aisles, a . disgrace ■to the Republic.
Drunken speakers have debated grave issues
on the floor, and in the midst of maudlin
ramblings have been heard to ask, "Mr.
Speaker, where am I at?"
General Wheeler then proceeded to ar
raign Watson for his statements. Watson
tried to make an explanation, but was
howled down. This angered him and he
bellowed, loudly: ,
I want it to be understood that no Repre
sentative from New York can bulldoze me In
the exercise of my rights on this floor. He
may as well understand that now. I stand
here to defend every line in the book, and will
do it again s.t att comers, whether from the
North or South. [Hisses.] I say that every
word in that book is literally true, and all
men wuo have been keeping their eyes open
and wanting to admit the facts will admit
these facts as fairly stated.
A scene of confusion followed, and Wat
son was calle i to order, but by a vote of
139 to 25, was allowed to proceed as
follows:
I ask no grace from a Democratic majority
which seeks to hiss me down when I am
defending my character on this floor. I scorn
your grace. I scorn your mercy. The only
crime charged in that paragraph, which a
Democrat takes offense at, is that he got drunk
al the barroom this congress allows to be run
in the basement, and the record shows that
members came up here on a previous day and
admitted that they were drinkers at it. You
have planted the tree, why should you wonder
at its fruit?
Loud protests were now beard from all
parts of the chamber, and the House voted
against allowing him to proceed. Watson
frequently gave utterance to incendiary
sentiments. He was one of the strongest
advocates for an investigation of the
Pinkertons, and it was during the discus
sion of a resolution to this effect that he
used the following language:
We are on the eve of a social outbreak. We
are at the crisis oi our republican govern
ment. In a few months it vill be decided
whether we have a Government of law and or
der, whether peace can be maintained by the
constituted authorities, or whether each side
will arm itself with the deadliest weapon of
destruction and fight out their grievances.
6uca ie the character of the man who by
The San Francisco Call
stress of political circumstances might pos
sibly be elected Vice-P resident of the
United States.
WINSLOW STEPS OUT.
The Democratic Nominee for Governor of
Maine Resigns.
PORTLAND, Mi., July 26.— 1n a letter
ol withdrawal given out to-night by Hon.
Howard B. Winslow of this city, who last
month was nominated as the Democratic
candidate for Governor, he says :
The platform adopted by the State conven
tion, which has declared for a single gold
standard, is plain, and it was upon that plat
form that I was nominated, and I could not,
even had I so desired, have accepted this
nomination under any ; other , circumstances
than to stand firmly upon the platform made
by the Democratic party of Maine.
The Democratic National Convention
adopted a platform declaring for the free and
unlimited coinage of silver and , there was a
strong pressure brought to bear to have me
announce myself in favor of the National Con
vention, which I did not consider was right
to do. There have been , many expressions on
the part of the Democrats of Maine in regard
i to my duty, but it has been plain to jme at ail
times that there was but one thing for me to
do, and that was to stand firmly, by the Maine
platform. It is evident 1 from the free expres
sions of opinion. that if I. wish to secure tile
vote of the Democratic party I shall be obliged
to harmonize with both gold and silver plat
forms, and that I cannot do under any circum
stances.
A meeting of the State committee will
be held at once to take action o n this im
portant matter.
JONES VISITS BRYAN.
Earnest Conference on the Demo-Popu
listic Situation,
LINCOLN, Nebb., July 26. — Senator
Jones of Arkansas arrived in Lincoln this
evening and was immediately driven to
the residence of Mr. Bryan, where an ear
nest conference was held on subjects of
much importance to the Democratic and
Populist parties.
In spite of its importance as a political
center, having two candidates for the
Presidency — Mr. Bryan and Mr. Bentley,
tbe Prohibition-Silver nominee — as citi
zens, Lincoln is a very quiet place these
days. Mr. Bryan has been little seen by
Lincoln people since he reached here Fri
day week. He spends most of his time in
his library going over the mass of mail
matter and tbe packages of telegrams de
livered to his residence every day, and
dictating replies to his clerical assistants.
Of these he has three — one a lady — and
they have had their hands full in keeping
np with the nominee's correspondence.
So great has been the avalanche of writ
ten matter addressed to Mr. Bryan that he
is practically swamped, and many of the
letters and telegrams that were sent im
mediately after his nomination are not yet
answered.
Tbe Bryan and Sewall headquarters at
the Lincoln Hotel are intended principally
for the use of Mr. Bryan in receiving vis
iting delegations and conferring with
Democratic managers. Mr. Bryan has
used them two or three times only, but
with tbe National Silver and Populist con
ventions added it Is expected that be will
be obliged to go there more frequently.
The speech delivered by Mr. Bryan In
closing the debate on the Democratic plat
form at Chicago has been printed for dis
tribution under the supervision of Mr.
Bryan, with some verbal corrections.
A meeting of the State Central Commit
tee of the free silver wing of the Demo
cratic party of Nebraska will be held at
the Lincoln Hotel in this city on July 30.
Mr. Bryan has promised to be present.
Senator Jones left Lincoln on a late
train to-night over the Missouri Pacific
for his home, Washington, Term. He
wired to Governor Stone of Missouri to
meet him at Jefferson City to-morrow.
Just before leaving, Senator Jones said he
would leave it to the common-sense of the
people to right the Domination of Watson.
No definite action, he said, would be taken
at this time with regard to the acceptance
or declination of the Populist nomination
by Mr. Bryan. Senator Jones added that
he thought tbe notification meeting in
New York would take place August 10.
TEXAS POPULISTS ARE BITTER.
Prefer Fusion HUh Republicans to
Si'vport of Brynn.
AUSTIN, Tkx., July 26. -Leading Popu
lists here bitterly denounce the action of
the St. Louis convention in nominating
Bryan. John Caulfield, a prominent local
Populist leader, said:
"It appears to me that Jones and spoils
men at St. Louis ran that convention in
the interest of Bryan, and it looks to me
as though we had been sold out. To ari
icept of the convention's action is to destroy
the Populist party. 1 propose to work to
uef eat the St. Louis spoilsmen, and I shall
vote for McKinley. The Populist Conven
tion meets in Gaiveston tbe sth oi next
month, and I shall work there to bring
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, JULY 27, 1896.
"There was a young lady from Niger
Who rode, with a smile, on a tiger.
They returned from the ride with the lady inside
And the smile on the face of the tiger."
about a fusion in Texas with the Repub
licans."
Gould Martin, another prominent Popu
list, who has often been represented on
their tiefcets, concurs with Caulfield, and
they claim they represent a large majority
of the Populists in the State.
BRYAN A PLAGIARIST.
Made Use of a Portion of Congressman
McCaul's Speech.
WASHINGTON, D. OL, July 26.—Con
gressman McCaul, backed by the Congres
sional Record, makes a very substantial
claim to being the oricinator of the phrase
which nominated Bryan at Chicago. Mr.
McCaul claims and proves by reference to
bis speech, as it was printed, that on Jan
uary 26, 1894, or eleven months before
Bryan first made use of the sentiment, in
discussing the Wilson bill he introduced
the reference to placing a crown of thorns
upon the head of a laboring man. The
exact wording of the speech was as fol
lows:
Ready as you have ever been to betray it
with a kiss, you scourge to the very quick, and
press a crown of thorns upon its brow.
Mr. McCaul said that he did not Know
whether Mr. Bryan was in the bouse when
he delivered his speech, and he did not
wish to accuse him of plagiarism. "But,"
said he, "there's what I said, and you
know it was said at Chicago."
SENTIMENT IN LONDON.
Banker Tritton Foresee* Disaster to
America if Bryan Wins.
LONDON, Esq., July 26,-The Daily
News will to-morrow publish a report of
an interview with Mr. J. H. Tritton, a
prominent London banker, regarding the
chances for the election of the Presidential
candidates in the United States, in which
Mr. Tritton says he considers it improb
able that Bryan will be elected, but the
situation is one of the most serious char
acter. Confidence, Mr. Tritton believes,
will not be restored here until the United
States Congress shall have passed a reso
lution declaring that it is firmly deter
mined to maintain a gold standard. Cer
tainly, says Mr. Tritton. the National
finances of America need to be overhauled.
The country is suffering from a plethora
of paper money.
Cleveland Receives No Callers.
BUZZARDS BAY, Mass., July 26.— As
is his usual custom, the President remained
at home all day. There were no callers.
He did not attend the memorial exercises
of the late William E. Russell at Sand
wich to-day, as expected. It has been re
ported by several seamen that tbe yacht
Albatross, with Senator Hill on board, has
been seen cruising off tbe coast of Marion.
The Senator has not landed at that place,
however, nor has he visited President
Cleveland.
A Bishop Denounces Populism.
ASBURY PARK, N. J., July 26.-At
the National service in the Asbury Park
Auditorium this afternoon Bishop John
P. Newman created a sensation by declar
ing that Populists were no better than an
archists and were not good American citi
zens. Instantly a man io the rear of the
hall jumped up and shouted, "Bryan is a
good American!' He tried to propose
three cheers for the Democratic- Populist
candidate for President, but his voice was
drowned by the music of the choir.
Plans of the Silver ites.
BUTTE, Most., July 26. -Senator Lee
Mantle and Congressman Hartman ar
rived in Butte to-day from Bt. Louis.
Senator Mantle said be bad not yet de
cided whether or not he would take the
stump for Bryan in the East, but was
ready to do everything he was asked to do
to help along the cause of silver. Con
gressman Hartman sairt he would remain
in Montana until the Ist of September
and from that time on he would campaign
through the Central States for Bryan.
Dickinson Is Silent.
NEWPORT, R. 1., July 26.-Hon. Don
M. Dickinson left for New York to-night.
Before going he stated that he had noth
ing to say to the public In answer to the
query to state the purpose of his visit, he
replied that he was as much surprised to
read that be was to hold a conference here
as Mr. Hill was to learn it.
VICTIMS OF CHOLERA.
Tu/o English Military Officers Succutt b
to the Scourge in Kgypt.
LONDON, Eng., July 26.— Advices re
ceivei here from the Nile expedition an
nounce the death at Kosheh of Captain
Fenwick, who was entrusted with the
supervision of railway construction, and
Surgeon Trask, who waa engaged in
organizing a service to fight the cholera.
Both were victims of the Asiatic scourge.
A feeling of gloom pervades the camp and
the native troops are wailing with grief
over the loss of the two officers.
ENTOMBED INA
CUBAN DUNGEON,
Case of Young Ona Melton
Presented to Secre
tary Olney.
HIS HEALTH GIVES WAT.
Confined in a Little Dark Cell
Reeking With Filth and
Vermin.
HORRORS WOR3? THAT 9 DEJLTH. '
Unless the Unfortunate Competitor
Captive Is Soon Released
He Wll Die.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., July 26.— A de
termined effort is being made to induce
the United States Government to secure
the release of Ona Melton, the young
American who was captured on the Com
petitor and it now confined by the Span
iards in Fort Cabanas. The people of Key
West have petitioned Secretary Olney to
act, forwarding the petition to T. T.
Stockton, general manager of tbe Times-
Union, for transmission to Washington.
With the petition Mr. Stockton includes a
letter to Mr. Olney, in which he says:
I feel deep interett in Melton, as he went to
Cuba as the correspondent of the Times-
Union. He had no intention of serving in the
army of the insurgents, but simply desired to
get within their lines to furnish reliable news
as to the situation in Cuba. I furnished tbe
young man credentials as the representative
of the Times-Union, and these credentials he
should have had on his person when arrested
by the Spaniards.
Mr. Stockton further says that he has
reliable information from Havana that
the prisoner's health is giving way, and
that unless he is released or his condition
ameliorated he cannot live.
The petition and statement to Mr. Olney
recites that it will be remembered that
Ona Melton, who went to Cuba on the ill
fated Competitor as a representative of
the Times-Union, was arrested aboard that
vessel when she was captured by a Span
ish cruiser after havine landed an expedi
tion on the north coast under command of
Colonel Monzon. The crew of the schooner
were also apprehended and taken to
Havana, where they were subsequently
tried by a drumhead court-martial and
sentenced to be shot for piracy. An ener
getic protest made by the late Consul-
General Williams, under instructions from
Washington, secured a temporary reprieve
for the prisoners and the case was referred
to Madrid for revision.
The Spanish home Government has
since ordered a new trial for the prisoners
by the civil courts, as provided by the
terms of the protocol and treaty stipula
tions, but, like all official matters on the
island of Cuba, the trial may be put off
indefinitely through red tapeism.
Meanwhile Melton, with the other pris
oners captured on the Competitor, is con
fined in tne military fortress of Cabanas,
at the entrance to Havana harbor, in a
little dark cell, reeking with filth and ver
min. As if to add to the horror of theii
situation, a drain runs through the room,
breeding pestilence and death. Twenty
other prisoners of all colors and nationali
ties, and accused of every crime in the
catalogue, are also huddled together
within the narrow confines of the cell,
and if reports received here lately are cor
rect a leper has been thrown into the dun
geon to increase the diseases of the other
prisoners,
The late Consul-General Williams, in
view of these facts and on account of the
prisoner's extreme youth and undoubted
innocence, made every effort to have Mel
ton released, and General Lee, the present
Consul-General at Havana, has also en
deavored to have bis condition improved,
but apparently every effort seems to have
been in vain.
CUBANS MAKING GAINS.
The Spanish Garrison at Ciego Montero
Join* the Insurgents.
NEW YOBK. N. V.. July 27.— A special
cable to the World from Havana says: A
cry of alarm has been raised by ti:e Her
aldo of Madrid over the discovery of
alleged defective plates in the new iron
clad Carlos V. The announcement is cre
ating a big sensation throughout Spain.
The Havana papers, quoting tbe Her
aldo's Cadiz special dispatch, say that
though launched eighteen months ago,
the vessel, as yet, is not ready to receive
her guns, the woric being done at a snail's
pace and shoddy material being used. A
recent inspection shows that a majority of
the plates are already ruined, and it will
be necessary for the contractors to replace
them before the Government will accept
the vessel.
Re-enforcements are being hurried to
Manzanillo by sea to strengthen the
Spanish garrison. The town is reported
as besieged by the insurgents, led by
Masso, Rabi and Rios.
It is reported this morning that still
another Cuban expedition has finally dis
embarked in Pinar del Rio. It is under
stood that 125 men landed under Miros'
leadership with two cannon and an ample
supply of arms, munitions and dynamite.
The fort at Ciego Montero, near Dirigo,
Santa Clara province, surrendered to the
rebel chief iulet on the lltti withou: fir
ing a shot in defense. The Spanish garri
son joined the insurgent ranks, delivering
to the rebel leader sixteen Manser rifles
and 8000 rounds of ammunition. In Puerto
Frincipe and Pinar del Rio many deser
tions from the Spanish columns are re
ported, the officers in some instance going
over. Every effort, however, is officially
made to suppress names.
RACE RIOT IN FLORIDA,
Whites Intrude at a Colored
Festival With Dire
Results.
Six Men Killed and Eight Wounded.
Two of the Latter Are
Women.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., July 26.-Dis
patches to the Times-Union from Jasper,
Hamilton County, Fla., state that a race
riot occurred last night fifteen miles
northeast of here, in which six men were
killed and eight, wounded. Two of the
latter were women.
Those killed are said to be Henry Jack
son, Albert Sullivan and Edward Johnson
(white), Jim Solomon, Amos Campbell
and Ike Mitchell (colored). Tbe names of
the wounded have not been learned.
The traeedy occurred at Haggard's tur
pentine still, where many negroes are em
ployed. The negroes gave a "festival"
last night, and while it was in progress a
number of white men intruded and the
shooting resulted.
It is rumored that the negroes are gen
erally arming and a posse of whites left
Jasper to-nicht for tbe scene of the trag
edy.
FLORIDA HOMICIDE.
A Doctor Shot by a Neighbor Whose Life
He Mad Threatened.
GAINESVILLE, Fla., July 26.— Dr. J. D.
Cromwell was shot and fatally woun<ied
to-day Dy Towney Kenard. The trouble
started yesterday, when a niece of Crom
well, who Jived with him, ran over toKen
ard's, who lives next door, and asked him
to protect her, stating that the doctor had
struck her, and she oelieved would kill her.
This morning Cromwell demanded that
she return home. Kenard had him placed
underarrest. He pave bonds and returned
home, stating, it is said, that he intended
to kill Kenard. He secured a gun, and
was standing on his back steps when tbe
shooting commenced. Kenard fired both
barrels of a shotgun loaded with buckshot,
and six bullets entered Cromwell's body.
Kenard is under arrest. Dr. Cromwell is
about 60 years of age, crippled by rheuma
tism. Kenard is about 26 years old.
McLUCKIE SCORES CAR NEGIE.
The Eec- Burgess of Homestead. Wants the
Manufacturer Indiettd.
HAVERHILL, Mass., July 26.- John
McLuckie, ex- Burgess of Homestead, Pa.,
spoke before tbe Central Labor Union
here this afternoon, his effort being to
agitate the bringing of an indictment
against the Carnegie Company of Home
stead for furnishing the United States
Government with defective armor plate
for warships. He was very bitter in his
utterances. He said that lie was not doing
his work for the love of the country, but
for revenge. He said that in 1892 the men
at Homestead had 300 Winchester rifles;
now they have 3800, and they are ready to
use them if occasion requires.
In the late war the North compelled the
receding States to return to the Union by
force of arms, and in a Mice manner the
labor unions ought to compel workmen
out of the union to come in by shot and
shel!, shooting them down in case they
did not come in, so that the capita'ists
could not use them. The Government in
vestigation of the armor frauds was hung
I np in the Senate through the efforts of Sen
ator Quay, Carnegie's tool.
The speaker was frequently applauded,
but the union did not vote to indorse his
I sentiments.
TWENTY-EIGHT VICTIMS.
Result of the Awful Cloudburst in
Colorado Last Friday
Night.
Twenty-One Bodies Have Been Recov
ered, and the Others Have
Floated Away.
DENVER, Colo., July 26.— The victims
of Friday night's flood were the three in
Golden, four in Mount Vernon Canyon
and twenty-one near Morrison, making a
total of twenty-eight.
The servant-girl, Anna Hansen, who
was reported dead, was not at the camp at
the time of tbe flood, and consequently es
caped. A charcoal-burner named Nichols
up at Evergreen is reported missing, mak
ing the total list still twenty-eight. Of
these sixteen bodies were recovered yes
terday, and the body of Mabel Herres, a
little child, was found to-day.
P. Johnson of Arvada telephoned Into
Denver this afternoon that he had found
four bodies in the bed of Clear Creek,
a.bout a mile above tbe town of Arvacb.
The coroner at Golden was notified, and
will take charge of the bodies.
Up to the discovery of these four bodies
no report of any missing persons has
come from Golden. Arvada is a country
hamlet between Golden and Denver along
Clear Creek Valley. These bodies there
fore either floated down from Golden or
are those of campers in Clear Creek Valley
between the two points, and are not to be
confounded with missing dead over the
ridee in Bear Creek Valley, where Morri
son is located.
FINDERBILT IMPROVING.
The Millionaire Invalid Goes for a
Cruise on the Conqueror.
NEWPORT, R. 1., July 26.— Last night
Cornelius Vanderbilt was removed from
his residence on Fifth avenue, New York,
and taken on board his brother's (F. W.
Vanderbilt's) steam 3'acht Conqueror. An
easy trip was made up along the sound
and the yacht arrived here at 5 o'clock to
day. She made for the Fall River Line
dock, a most unusual place to tie up, and
the sick man was brought ashore and
placed in a New York ambulance in wait
ing. An easy drive was made to "The
Breakers." He was accompanied by his
wife, doctors and nurses. Gertrude, his
daughter, and his sons arrived last
evening.
So far as can be learned, Mr. Vanderbiit
stood the fatigue of the journey as well as
could be expected. It is hoped the sea
air will make his recovery more speedy.
ST. PAUL TRAGEDY.
Desperate Deed of a Married- Man Who
Loved m Pretty Girl.
ST. PAUL, Minn., July 26.— Henry B.
White and Mis» Tillie Stumpf are lying
between life and death at the city hospi
tal from wounds inflicted by the man this
afternoon. White <has a wife and five chil
dren at Northiield, but for some time has
been making love to Miss Stumpf, a pretty
girl of 21. She became annoyed at his at
tentions and came to St. Paul. To-day he
appeared at her home, 1521 Minnehuha
street, and asked for her. Upon catching
/sight of her White drew a revolver and
fired lour shots at her. One passed through
her left side. White then drew another re
volver and shot himself, the bullet just
missing the heart and taking effect in his
left lung.
LIVELY NEGRO PICNIC.
Three Persons Killed and Six Injured,
Ihrce of Whom Will Dir.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., July 26. -At a
negro church picnic near Letohachie,
Ala., yesterday a general row took place,
in wnich pistols, razors, knives and clubs
were used. Three persons were Killed and
six injured, two of whom are women.
The row started between Dave Gunter and
Burnett Means and was about riding on a
"flying jenny." Pistols were drawn on
both sides, and when friends came up a
pitched battle occurred. Gunter was shot
twice through the body, Means was per
forated in the bowels and Jerry Gihner
was hit in the head. All three died. Three
of the injured will probably die.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MANY ORATORS
WILL BE HEARD,
Plans of . McKinley and
Hanna for the Coming
Campaign.
SHERMAN GIVES ADVICE
Urges That Speakers Begin the
Work of Education at
Once.
SHOUT TALKS ON FINANCE.
Dreary Ante-Election Literature Will
Not Bi Extensively
Circulated.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 28.— Major
McKinley and Mark Hanna, chairman of
the Republican National Committee, have
been in conference most of the day and
evening at Mr. Hanna's beautiful suburban
home on the lakeside. Maior McKinley
reached Cleveland last evening and was at
once driven to Mr. Hanna'a home. Al
though Mr. McKinley has been in Cleve
land most of the week and has been the
guest all of that time at Mr. Hanna's
house the candidate and his manager have
had no opportunity to discuss the forth
coming campaign. Major McKinley said
to-day:
"I came back to Cleveland because my
many engagements during the centennial
exercises made it impossible for me to
have a full and satisfactory talk with Mr.
Hanna about the campaign and its man
agement. Indeed, we have had but one
extended talk since my nomination, and I
now find that there are scores of matters
which demand, attention and discussion
with Mr. Hanna."
The campaign has been outlined in a
general way by Mr. Hanna and his com
mittee. They do no^ know what turn
affairs may take in reference to another
Democratic ticket, and of necessity their
actions are somewhat limited in scope
and significance by the imperfectly devel
oped situation which confronts them.
Under the circumstances the most that
can be done is to have campaign literature
of an informing character quickly pre
pared and widely circulated.
Seaator Sherman, who was here two or
three .Jays last week to participate iv the
centennial exercises, is somewhat alarmed
at the manifestation of the silver senti
ment in certain sections and communities.
He told Major McKinley that his volu
minous correspondence was laden with
inquiries about the money question and
that he was of the opinion that the most
active measures to combat the silver senti
ment ought to be taken at once. He urges
both Mr. Hanna and Major McKinley to
have the speaking campaign begin at
once, and said he was ready and willing to
taKe the stump at a moment's notice.
Other Republicans of prominence, such as
Senator Hawley and ex-Governor Mer
riam of Minnesota, have expressed them
selves in pretty much the same manner to
both Major McKinley and Mr. Hanna.
Major McKinley and his manager have
reached the conclusion that the best re
sults this year will be attained by Holding
a large, indeed, an uncomonly large num
ber of political meetings. It is believed
that it will be difficult to get people to
read heavy congressional speeches on the
money question or other long documents.
On the other hand, there is abundant
evidence of a lively demand for clear,
crisp, simple talks on the money question,
and for short articles and leaflets bearing
upon it. In short, this year the commit
tees of both parties will undoubtedly spend
their money to keep hundreds of speakers
at work in the field, instead of sending
out millions oi dreary documents as baa
frequently been done. Major McKinley
and Mr. Hanna are of one mind upon this
point, and the necessary orders to the
clerk in charge of this work will be given
out at once.
When Major McKinley settles down in
Canton again this week he will begin to
think seriously about his letter of accept
ance. He expects to begin work on it
within ten days, and may have a draft of
it completed within a fortnight. It is not
his intention to make it public for a month,
or so, however. He wants to see what
turn events will take, and needs some
thing to determine the ultimate cast
which he shall give to the issues of the
campaign. The letter of acceptance will
be a sort of final, supplementary, up-to
date platform, and tbe great work of tha
campaign will be done on the lines wnich
it indicates. Major McKinley will pre
pare this document with great care, and it
will De one of the most important utter
ances of the campaign.
LEAVE FOR THE COAST.
California and Nevada Delegates Depart
from St. Lotus.
BT. LOUIS, Mo., July 26.— The great
crowds of delegates and visitors to the
Populist and Silver conventions have
melted away and St. Louis is to-night as
quiet as a graveyard. The California and
Nevada delegates, with a few exceptions,
left for home to-night. The silver men
from the Golden State carried away the
laurels of their gathering. They dom
inated the convention.
Charles D. Lane of California, chairman
of the National Committee of the Silver
party, will leave for home to-morrow
evening. He made a splendid impression
among the silver people here, especially
those coming from the extreme East. His
generosity was boundless. He contributed
largely to the expenses of the convention,
and considering the fact that he is a gold
producer the stand he has taken in this
campaign is quite unique. He will visit
Mr. Bryan on bis way home.
George P. Keeney, the young Califor
nian with classic face and flowing locks,
whose energy and ability have been rec
ognized by the leaders of the Silver party,
will leave for New York to-morrow. He
has been officially designated as the rep
resentative of the Silver party on the2
Democratic National Campaign Commit
tee. At New York he will confer with
William P. St. John regarding arrange
ments for the big Bryan-Sewall notifica
tion meeting in Madison-square Garden.
He will be in charge of the National Silver
headquarters. A. H. Pile of San Francisco
will be his assistant in charge of the office.
It was he who captured the young Democ
racy in New York, and his work here dur
ing the past week has been no less striking
or effective.
R. E. Ditendorfer, the permanent secre
tary of the National Convention, is a
Philadelphian. He was one of the execu
tive committee of the old party organiza
tion and is now chairman of the Pennsyl
vania State organization.
Hugo Hornlein left to-night for Mil
waukee and after paying a short visit to
his parents wili return to San Francisco.
All of the Californians seem very much
pleased with the result of their work.
Feank McGuibb.
MR. CLEVELAND'S ATTITUDE.
The President Said to Bare . Decided to
little a Statement.
' WASHINGTON, D. C., July 26.— A gen
tleman prominent in Democratic circles
who has withiq a few days conferred with
President Cleveland at his summer home
at Gray Gables, Mass., is authority for the
statement that the President has decided
to write a statement bearing on the politi-
c al situation which will cause a furor.
While he declined for obvious reasons
to be quoted, he said that Mr. Cleveland
had freely expressed displeasure at the
Chicago platform and the nominating
work of the convention and had assured
him that he would within g. few
days write a letter in which he wo nld re
pudiate the nomination because of the
free-silver platform. The President fur
ther expressed himself, according to the
gentleman, as looking with favor upon the
proposed sound-money convention.
SEQUEL TO A FIST FIGHT.
Two Young Kentuckians Settle
a Drawn Battle With
Revolvers.
One Is Instantly Killed, the Other
Wounded and FleeiDg From
the Officers.
WILLIAMSTOWX, Ky., July 25— Out
on a country road, in the Fork Lick
Hills, five miles south of this place, was
enacted a tragedy about 11 o'clock last
night that resulted in the death of one of
the participants and the wounding of the
other. Carl Hightower and Noah Reade
nower, the sons of well-to-do farmers,
v.hose faims join, had a fist-fight a few
days ago at the wedding of a neighbor's
daughter. Readenower has since threat
ened to kill Miditower. Last night they
met at Mount Pleasant Church.
Hiqhtower was riding home, accom
panied by a friend,-when he was overtaken
by Readenower, who stopped him,
and, after a few words were passed, struck
him in the face with a stone, which he
took from his pocket. Hightower drew a
revolver and fired two shots at Reade
nower, each shot making a slight wound,
and then wheeled his horse and started to
run. As he started, Readenower, who had
got his pun from his pocket, fired at him,
the ball striking him in the back and kill
ing him almost instantly.
Readenower took to the hills and is still
at laree. The Sheriff with a posse of men
are in pursuit. If he is found a lynching
will likely occur.
TORNADO IN MICHIGAN.
Appalling Destruction of Life and Prop
erty Reported— Wires Prostrated
and News Meager.
DETROIT, Mich., July 26.— At a late
hour to-night meager reports were received
here of a diastrous tornado, which sve-pt
throu.:h the southern part of the State
rarly this evening.
The most alarming reports come from
Homer, Calhoun County, from the vicin
ity oi which it is said great damage was
done to farming property, with probably
serious loss of life. Farm houses are re
ported overturned and wrecked, barns
thrown down and all crops laid low.
The wind and rain following the storm
were bo severe that it has interfered with
with both telegrapn and telephone ser
vice, and it is practically impossible to se
cure more definite returns before morning.
The storm in this vicinity waa very se
vere. Fully two inches of ram fell inside
of two Hours, doing considerable damage
by flooding the basements of business
bouses.
The electrical display accompanying the
rai n lasted from 7 o'clock to midnight,
and made the heavens as light as day.
Every streetcar road in the city suffered.
Drowned in the Ohio.
BELLAIRJE, Ohio, July 28.— While re
turning from a pleasure trip down the
Ohio River this afternoon Mrs. Mary Long,"
aged 43, her daughter Daisy, aged 17,
Thomas Bennett, aged 18, and William
Francis, aged 22. rowed too close to the
wheel of the United States snagboat E. A.
Woodruff, which is moored near the
moutn of McMeechan Creek, and were
sucked in by the swift current, capsizing
their boat and drowning Mrs. Long and
her daughter. The water at this point is
about 30 feet deep, and nothing was done
to recover the bodies to-night Mrs. Long
leaves a husband, two sons and one
daughter. The captain and crew of the
Woodruff did all in thoir power to rescue
them, but were helpless.
One Xan Cause* m Big Strike.
BUFFALO, N. V., July 26.— Two hun
dred men employed by the Snow Pump
Works quit work yesterday afternoon be
cause one of their fellow-workmen had
been discharged for eating while on duty,
which was against the rules of the com
pany. The workmen have other griev
ances in regard to pay for extra work and
the abolishment of the lunch system. It
is said that the pattern-makers and others
employed in the shops will go out unless
the strikers' demands are agreed to.
four Persona Itrowned.
QUINCY, 111., July 26.— Fred Gross and
Fred Baumgartner, aged 20 each, both of
prominent families, while out at a fish fry
to-day went in bathing, and both were
drowned. Two other drownings occurred
to-day also, one in the river below the
city, which took off a man named Peter
Peters, and the other a man near Marcel
line. The latter's name was not learned.
The latter two were also members of fish
ing parties.
Strange Drowning Accident.
CROWN POINT, Ind., July 26.-M.
Briggs of Chicago fell out of a boat at
Cedar Lake this afternoon and was
drowned in five feet of water before the
eyes of hundreds oi spectators.
One of the largest tailors' shops in the
worJd is at Pimlico, where there are always
in stock sufficient goods to clothe 85,000 at
least. This is the army clothing depart
ment, from which come the uniforms of
the British rank and file.
BRYANIZING Of
TIE POPULISTS,
The Chaotic Conditions That
Led to the Nebraskan's
Nomination.
WEAVER'S CLOSE CALL.
Elected Chairman of the Plat
form Committee by Only
One Vote.
RESULTS THAT BEEM STRANGE.
Two R?asons Why the Middle-of-the-
Roadsters F i cd to Control tbe
Convention
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 26.— 1 resume my
review of the conditions which made the
inevitable and gave color to the proceed
ings, and I shall close with a succinct
statement of the actual political situation.
I premise that my twenty hours of close
contact and hand-to-band encounters
with forty-rive of the best men in the
Populist party who constituted the com
mittee on platform and resolutions — men
who are thoroughly schooled in the eco
nomics and philosophy of the Populist
system, and coming to the work in hand
thoroughly equipped by intellectual train
ins and made practical by political and
official experience— gave me a complete
mastery oi the purposes and methods
both of the straight Populists and our
Bryan ized associates.
It is also important that I state a tact
with regard to tbe choice of chairman of
the committee, for it is generally known
that General Weaver was elected by but
one majority, and two belated members
arrived just as tbe vote was declared who
would have voted for Judge Jerome C.
Kerby of Texas, Populist candidate for
Governor of that State, and he would have
been chosen by one vote instead of Gen
eral Weaver, who said to me in a tone of
defiance just before the vote was taken :
"I shall be elected by a two-thirds vote,
for I represent two-thirds of tbe conven
tion."
That wai no doubt the belief of all
Bryamzed Populists. • Probably General
Weaver never went through a more excit
ing event in his life than while the vote
was counted. His face was purple with
excitement. But from the moment the
vofe was announced the word was passed
rapidly to all the leading Bryan Populists
not on our committee, and they at once
moderated their attitude toward the
straisrht Populists. When the convention
reversed the order and decided to elect the
Vice-Presidential candidate first, and then
proceeded in spite of all obstacles raised
by tbe Bryanites to elect Tom Watson, the
actual strength of the straight Populist?
asserted itself.
In the face of these results it may seem
strange to some people that tha straight
Populists did m t thereafter rule the con
vention and even go so far as to nominate
Colonel Norton or some other man as they
did Watson, but a look at the facts be
neath this space will make this seeming
inconsistency perfectly clear. There are
two reasons: First, the straight Populists
never intended to refuse alliance with the
other reform forces which stood for free
silver and more money, and they were
agreed that Bryan stood for perhaps a full
third of these forces, and was in fact at
heart at Populist; second, they recognized
the fact that the country was in the first
stage of a great Bryan fever, and half the
people of the whole country were gone
daft in favor of Bryan, and that it would
be necessary to keep the convention here
perhaps ten days, in order to change pub
lic sentiment and make it safe to ignore
the claim and pretensions of the Bryan
ites.
It was known to all that the poverty of the
delegates would force two-thirds of them
to return on Saturday; hence, a nomina
tion became necessary and Bryan had to
be tbe man. It may help to make the
proceedings of this most extraordinary
convention a little more comprehensible
if I call attention to the fact that four
States were organized and consolidated
with the ablest leadership to force the issue
of nominating Bryan on the vast unorgan
ized majority, who had no plans laid, no
candidates agreed upon, no concert of
action of any kind, except to secure a
genuine and unimpaired declaration of tbe
party's faith in the platform. Those four
States were lowa, Nebraska, Kansas and
Colorado.
Weaver in lowa, Allen in Nebraska,
Llewellyn m Kansas and Tom Patterson
in Colorado led the fight in their several
States. They soon succeeded in dividing
the delegations in several of the States
west of Ohio. It was a comparatively
easy matter for these four States, with
tbeir large delegations under the inspira
tion and direction of the State leaders, to
invade the defenseless delegations of all
the other States and win over a part
of them, and thus create dissensions and
distrust, with all the attendant weakness
and distraction of a divided delegation.
I must abruptly close. Tbe heat has
been so prostrating that writing was out
of the question till late in the afternoon,
and it is now half-past 6, with the ther
mometer at 98 deg. and no preparation
yet made for our journey, and we are to
start in two hours. We are all well except
Dore of Fresno, who is worn out and half
sick to-day with work on the National ex
ecutive committee; but he will be able to
go. I will resume the analysis of the situ
ation to-morrow.
Joseph Agbury Johksos.
CO-OPERATIVE CONVENTION.
After Three Day a' Session a National
Union le Oraanizea.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 26,-After tbree
days' session of delegates from a number
of States the National Co-operative Union
was organized at entertainment hall in
the Exposition building last night. Its
officers are as follows: President, Alonzo
Wardall of Kansas; vice-president, Sheri
dan Webster of Bt. Louie; secretary, Mrs.
L C. Fales of New York; treasurer, C. K.
Demoree of Missouri; directors K. O.
Nelson of Missouri, James Rhodes of Mas
sachusetts, Rev. Ralph Aloerison of
North Carolina, O. Cravath of Nebraska
C. B. Hoffman of Kansas, M. W Wilkens
of California, A. a. Edwards of Tennessee,
Henry D. Lloyd of Illinois, K. A. South
worth of Colorado. J. M. Moore of Califor
nia, Rev. H. M. Cassin of Maasachusetts,
Rev. >. W. Lermond of Maine, Helen B.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY '27, 1896.
Johnson of Pennsylvania, B. O. Flower of
Massachusetts and" Miss Julia Caldwell of
Colorado.
The object of the union is to advance
the educational, social and business wel
fare of its members. The principal ad
dress of the evening was delivered by Pro
fessor T. B. Wakeman of New York, on
"The Co-operative Commonwealth."
MRS. BALLING TON BOOTH.
An Enormous Crowd Gathers at Psekskill,
N. V. f to Listen to the Popular
Volunteer Commander.
STATE CAMP, PEEKSKILL, N. V.,
July 26.— One of the largest crowds that
ever gathered to hear religious services in
camp since the days of Beecher and Tal
mage was the one that surrounded Mra,
BalUtigton Booth in the Y. M. C. A. tennis
court this afternoon. At 3:30 o'clock the
commander of the Volunteers, escorted by
the commander of the post, General Me-
Alpin, marched through the crowd, fol
lowed by all the State officers in fatigue
uniform and with swords.
In introducing Mrs. Booth General Mc-
Alpin spoke briefly of the circumstances
that led up to tne secession from the
parent organization and the formation of
the Volunteers. He also spoke very
highly of the work Mrs. Booth has done
and is aoing.
Mrs. Booth stood upon a chair, that her
voice might the bettor be heard by the
audience. She said she came to speak to
the soldiers, but she was very glad to see
so many other people present. Then fol
lowed one of her bright talks, full of
simple lessons. A crowd of soldiers fol
lowed her to the stage when she had fin
ished, and as it moved away their hats
were waved to her until the stage rounded
the bluff and was lost to sight.
STRIKING TAILORS.
Twenty Thousand yew fork. Coatmakers
Leave I heir Shop*.
NEW YOBK, N. V., July 26.— The strik
ing tailors held several meetings to-day,
but no definite action was taken. It was
announced at the afterneon meeting of
the strikers that all of the coatmakers in
New York, Brooklyn and Brownsville, to
the number of 20,000, bad left their shops.
The United Clothing Salesmen's local
union, No. 24, met to-night and indorsed
the action of the strikers. Both moral
and financial support was offered.
A meeting oi the contractors will be
held to-morrow, when some agreement
may be reached.
Heath of Edward E. Eekert.
ASBURY PARK, N. J., July 26.-Ed
ward £. Eckert, superintendent of the
Exchange Metropolitan Telegraph and
Telephone Company of New YorK and a
brother of Thomas T. Eckert, president of
the Western Union Telegraph Company,
died of heart disease in Asbury Park to
day.
RAIN SPOILS A MEETING,
Forty Thousand Socialists Get a
Drenching at Hyde Park,
London.
No Speeches Are Made, but an Anti-
Landlord Resolution Is Put
Through.
LONDON, End., July 26.— A deluge of
rain which began early this afternoon and
continued throughout the remainder of
the day had the effect of spoiling the in
ternational peace -demonstration in Hyde
Park . organized by the . International So
cialist Congress, which will begin its sit
tings to-morrow. ' .. ~ ' •
A number of trade societies and many
Socialists assembled upon ' the Thames
embankment at noon and marched to
Hyde Park. It is estimated that 40,000
persons were in line when the procession
started, and this number was augmented
steadily after Hyde Park was reached
until the rain began to fall.
Eventually the ' heavy downpour com
pelled the assembled crowd to break up
into groups, which took refuge under
trees. Before dispersing, however, a reso
lution was proposed and adopted declar
ing that the only way. to secure inter
national peace was through the abolition
of the capitalist- landlord system in which
wars have root. , ,
Among the speakers whom it was in
tended should address the meeting were
MM. Jaures, Miller and Guesde, mem
bers of the French Chamber of Deputies,
and Herren Liebknecht and Bebel of the
German Reichstag. The list of speakers
included no members of the House of
Commons, but Tom Mann, the labor
leader, and a number ot other socialists
were, according to the .programme, to ad
dress the meeting.
._r. ... ■ ♦ . ■-• ..-■ ■■
LAURIER'S POLICY DEFINED.
Canada** Sew Premier Deliver* an Im
portant Speech.
MONTREAL, Quebec, July 26.— Premier
L<aurier delivered an important speech at
St. Johns, Quebec, yesterday. In the
course of his remarks be said nothing
would be done at the next session of Parlia
ment except to pass supply bills, and that
tbe consideration of the tariff would be
deferred until the regular session in Jan
uary. Changes will be made with the
greatest caution, so as not to interfere with
tbe business interests of the country. The
Government, he said, would settle the
Manitoba school qnestion within six
months by methods of conciliation, and
would also devote its attention to the agri
cultural interests of tbe country; to the
development of the Northwest and to
strengthening the commercial relations
between England and Canada and between
Canada and the United States.
HOWED FOR HIS LIFE.
Oarsman Banian' * \ Shell Collapsed
When Far From Shore.
HALIFAX, N. 8., July Edward
Hanlan, the oarsman, had a narrow
escape from drowr.ing this afternoon
while taking a practice spin in Bedford
Basin. About half a mile from shore his
shell collapsed. Hanlan headed for the
shore at the highest speed he could com
mand, and when about three feet from
dry land the boat tank, he having to wade
ashore. Hanlan will probably borrow a
boat for the single-scull race to-morrow.'
*
BRITISH TROOPS REPULSED.
Driven Back by Uatabelee in the Matoppo
Bills.
CAPETOWN, South Africa, July 26.—
A dispatch from Buluwnyo says that the
Matabeles have repulsed the britlsh forces
under command of Captain Nicholson in
the Matoppo Hills and that tbe Imperial
troops in Cape Colony have been ordered
to take tbe held.
Prince Maxlmillian Ordained.
DRESDEN, Austria, July 26.— Prince
Maximillian of Saxony was ordained a
priest to-day. His father. Prince George,
Duke of Saxony, and his sisters, the
Princesses Mathilde and Marie, were pres
ent at the ordination ceremony. The
Pope sent his blessing to tbe newly
ordained priest.
Monument to Ftrrtf Unveiled.
PARIS, Fbance, July 2a— A monument
erected in honor of M. Jules Ferry was un
veiled at Saint Die, Department of Vosges,
to-day. Addresses in eulogy of the dead
statesman were delivered by M. Meline.
the Prime Minister; M. Hanotaux, Min
ister of Foreign Affairs; M. Loubet and
others.
EUROPE'S PEACE
IS IN JEOPARDY,
The Comings and Goings of
High Diplomatic
Officials.
CAUSE MUCH ANXIETY.
The Powers at Loggerheads With
Regard to Crete and
Macedonia.
HAED FIGHTIHG EVERY DAY.
Unspeakable Crimes Allowed to Go
Unpunished Through Inter
national Jealousies.
BERLIN, Germany, July 26.— Count
Goluchowski, Austrian Minister of Foreign
Affairs, returned to Ischl for the purpose
of holdin ■ an interview with Emperor
Francis Joseph, after having had a con
ference with Prince Hohenlohe, the Ger
man Chancellor, at the latter's chateau at
Alt-Ausse, and reached Vienna on Thurs
day. On the day of his return to Vienna
Count Goluchowski had an interview with 1
Count Nigri, the Italian embassador to
Austria, and since then Count Nisri has
been summoned to Home by the Marquis
Visconti-Venosta, the Italian Minister of
Foreign Affairs. These comings and go
ings of diplomatic chiefs cannot be at
tributed to any other cause than the
gravity of the situation in the East. A
concert ot the powers has failed to per
fectly result, as has already been stated,
and the events which are now taxing place
completely overwhelm diplomacy.
According to the telegraphic advices re
ceived here yesterday, the rising of the
insurgents in Macedonia has become ex
ceedingly formidable. Greece, while pre
tending to take stringent measures against
any Greeks engaging in a faid on the
Macedonian frontier, has allowed upward
of 600 men, all of them armed with Ebel
rifles, to enter Macedonia from Greek ter
ritory. These men, after surprising and
cutting to pieces the Turkish troops at
Moussa, succeeded in repulsing a strong
force of Turkish soldiers which had been
sent from Saionica to re-enforce the Moussa
troops.
A dispatch to the Vossiche Zeitung says
that the Redifs (reserves), who have been
called out under an irade from tbe Sultan,
are showing a disposition to revolt in con
sequence of the fact that thoir pay is very
much in arrears and the rations which
are being issued to them are very bad in
quality and very small in quantity.
A special dispatch received by the Neve
Freie Presse from Salonicaon Thursday
says that statements made by the Turkish
officials concerning the situation are all
calculated to conceal the desperate condi
tion of affairs in Macedonia. Hard fight
ing is going on nearly every day at Drum
nits Seres and at nearly all points in the
mountains. The Turkish reserves at Priz
rend Preshtima and elsewhere in that sec
tion are being equipped and sent to the
front as rapidly as possible, and it is es
timated that the total number of Turkish
troops concentrated on the Macedonian
and Bulgarian frontiers exceeds 7000 men.
Even this force, however, has not been
found sufficient to make any headway
against the insurrection, which, under the
influence of successes already achieved by
the insurgents in the field is becoming
stronger every day. t
Stimulated by these and similar reports,
semi-official newspaper organs lite the
North German Gazette and the Cologne
Gazette, are taking a more definite tone in
their articles commenting upon the grav
ity of the situation.
The North German Gazette reproduces
an article from the Cologne Gazette which
declares that unless the powers interfere
in an energetic way, instead of submitting
proposals to the Porte, the troubles in
Crete and Macedonia wiil never end.
The Reichsbote (Conservative') publishes
a letter written by a German lady living at
Monatstir wherein tbe writer narrates
atrocities which are practiced there every
day withont the slightest attempt at inter
ference on the part of the authorities.
Among the horrors of which the lady
treats in her communication, she details
the fact of Turks assaulting Macedonian
women and girls publicly in the streets,
before the eyes of their husbands and pa
rents. This letter has stirred op a strong
feeling of public indignation here, more in
fact than the remoter massacres and out
rages in Armenia.
The Reichsbote, in an article accompany
ing the letter, appeals to the powers to
cease their jealousies, and interfere in be
half of the Macedonians and Cretans in
tbe interests of humanity.
The Bismarckian organs, on the other
hand, are strongly opposed to any policy
of interference on the part bf Germany.
The Neuste Nachrichten declares that
the powers must maintain Turkish
rule in Crete and Macedonia, which the
insurgents are trying to shake off. If
they continue their efforts to throw off
the Turkish yoke, the paper adds, they
must suffer the consequences. Europe
cannot stake tbe peace of the world on
their account.
After the meeting of the Emperor with
King Oscar of Sweden-Norway on Thurs
day the imperial yacht Hobenzollern,
with the Kaiser on board, steamed up to
Maerk, at the head of Geiranger Fjord,
which is about the end of the Emperor's
northern tour.
Advices from Molde Fjord say that the
Emperor had a week of better weather
than that which he experienced at the
beginning of his trip. The entertainments
on board the Hohenzollern have been ex
cellent throughout the weak. A choir of
sailors, comprising 100 men whose voices
were tinely trained, were heard to ad van
tage at the Sunday servicea, and their
chorals were accompanied by the ship's
band. Upon these occasions the Emperor
re»d a short discourse and two prayers.
Berlin has hardly ever before witnessed
such a scarcity of notable persons in the
city. Dr. Miqael, Minister of Finance;
Baron yon Hamraerstein-Loxten, Minister
of Agriculture, Domains and Forests, and
Herr Nieberding, Imperial Minister of
Justice, left the city for their holidays on
Thursday. Count Posadowaky-Wehner,
Minister of the Imperial Treasury,
started for the Tyrol on Thursday, and
Dr. Bosse, Minister of Ecclesiastical Af
fairs, Instruction and Medicinal Affairs,
has gone to Carlsbad. The Foreign Em
bassadors and Ministers are also gener
ally taking tbeir holiday.
The Wugnerian festival at Bayreuth has
attracted many cf the most distinguished
Germans and foreigner;. Among those
who are sojourning at Bayreuth are the
Prince and Frincess of Saxe-Meininsren,
Prince yon Honenlohe-Langenburg, Duke
and Duchess Albrecht of Mecklenburg-
Schwerin, Princess Vera of Wurtemburg,
Prince and Princess yon Leiningen, Count
yon Wedel-Piesdorf and Dr. Schweninger,
Prince Bismarck's physician.
Among the crowds of Americans at Bay
reutb are J. B. Jackson, first secretary of
the United States Embassy, and Mrs.
Jackson, the Misses Butler, Louise Dana
and Natalie Curtis of New York,
Mesdames H. R. Chamberlain, Patterson
T. Williams aud ix»wry of New York,
Messrs. J. Douglass and J. Speyer of New
York, Mrs. and the Misses Sprouer of Bos
ton, Mesdames T. Harris, Sfaawley, Brock
enbrough and I. Harris of Louisville, Ky.,
Mr. Stern and wife of San Francisco, Mr.
Baldwin of Washington and Mrs. Ponson
by Shaw of Philadelphia.
The dates of the Czar's proposed visits
to the principal Continental capitals, if in
deed they have been fixed, are being kept
very dark. Recent announcements have
been made that his trip is becoming more
uncertain daily, and nihilism seems to be
the specter wnich is standing in his Majes
ty's way. All that is now known of his
intentions is ti.at it is his purpose to visit
Vienna and Berlin and probably Paris,
but when the visits will take place it is
impossible to say.
The Emperor's visit to Ninjhi- Novgorod,
which he made on Saturday, was accom
panied by the usual precautions, so far
as railway travel was concerned. The rail
ways over which he traveled were guarded
by troops throughout, but when his
Majesty was within the limits of the city
of Niujlii-Novgorod, the usual lines of
police guarding the streets through which
he passed were dispensed with. The Mayor
of the city issued a manifesto to the people
urging tnera to maintain order themselves
and to keep the streets clear of crowds.
The Mayor's confidence that the citizens
would preserve order was not misplaced,
as there was no trouble whatever.
The case of M. Herbette, formerly French
Embassador to Germany, who was recently
recalled from Berlin by his Government
on account the imperial social disfavor
here, is paralleled by the case of M. Loze,
French Embassador to Austria. M. Loze
owed nis appointment to the post in
Vienna to his knowledge of secrets which
seriously affected members of the French
Ministry, which information he acquired
while holding the office of Prefect of Police.
These secrets relate to the Reinach scan
dals in the Panama canal case, which the
Ministry suppressed by the appointment
of M. Loze to lepresent France at the
Austrian court. His career as an attor
ney's clerk and a police official, which be
came known in Vienna, injured his
chances of being accepted in society at the
very outset, and his defective manners ex
posed him to no end of ridicule. Mme.
Loze, his wife, was greatly more refined
than he and made a social success, but
Austrian aristocracy, which is extremely
exclusive, would not tolerate M. Loze.
He made a complete failure as a diplomat
and has now been recalled.
The German authorities have arrested
Herr Schweder, tne agent of the German
East Africa Company on the Pangani
River, upon charges of extreme cruelty to
natives, especially toward the women,
many of whom he is accused of having
assaulted. Herr Schweder has been trans
ported in chains to Tanga, Herr Eugene
Wolffe, the African explorer, has written
to the Tageblatt, in which be speaks very
highly of Schweder, who, he says, was
liked by everybody, including Baron
Wissmann, the German Governor.
An agent of the Venezuelan Government
is here endeavoring to negotiate with the
Disoonto-Gesellschaft a loan of $50,000,000.
Up to the present time he has not been
successful.
Dr. Luetgenan, the Socialist Deputy in
the Reichstaz, in a speech delivered to the
Socialists of Essen yesterday, declared
that the Socialises had no definite pro
gramme, their primary object being to
destroy tbe existing society and govern
ment. When the downfall of these insti
tutions had been achieved then the Social
ists would formulate a platform upon
which they would build.
The Vorwaerts declared that the dele
gates comprising the coming international
Socialist congress in London will stead
fastly refuse to admit anarchists into the
congress. The Neuste Nachrichten de
clares that this declaration of the Vor
waerts is mere hypocrisy. The Socialists
and anarchists, the Nachrichten declares,
are brothers, only the latter are the more
impatient about attaining their aims. If
the barriers of society should ever be
thrown down, the Nachrichten adds, the
anarchists would reap what the Socialists
have sown.
The Emperor has accepted the Invita
tion of Prince Luitpold, Prince Regent of
Bavaria, to review the Bavarian army
corps at Wurzburg on September 18. This
is regarded as a counter-blast against the
particularist agitation in Bavaria and other
South German States.
RAILROAD OFFICIAL SHOT
Wounded by a Candidate for the
Legislature Whom He Had
Defeated.
The Assailant, Who Surrendered, Says
Unfair Means Were Used
Against Him.
ORLANDO, Fla., July 26.— Captain .W.
Bailey Tucker, general manager of the
Tavares, Atlantic and Gulf Railroad, and
local manager of the Florida Central and
Peninsula Railroad, was shot to-night by
Alfred St. Clair Abrams, prosecuting at
torney of Lake County. Abrams was
lately the anti-railroad "candidate for the
Legislature in Lake County. H* was de
feated, and charged that Tucker brought
it about by unfair means. Abram's wife
was spending the summer here, and he
came up from Tavares last night.
Tucker and Abrams met to-night at the
former's home, and the shooting resulted.
Abrams immediately surrendered.
Abrams is the only sod of Major Alex
Bt. Clair Abrams, who was formerly asso
ciated with Henry W. Grady on the At
lanta Herald. Major Abrams came to
Florida several years ago, and in politics
has been one of the anti-railroad leaders.
Tucker will recover.
General Ttntchelder's Retirement.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 26.—Hav
ing reached the age limit, General Rich
ard N. Batchelder, Quartermaster-General
of the regular ar my, will be retired to
morrow. Among the more prominent
officers who are spoken of as his successor
are Colonels G. H. Weeks, James M.
Moore, Charles Q. Sawtelie and Marshall
T. Ludington.
EDITORS INVADE
CATALINA ISLAND
The Southern California
Association Meets
at Avalon.
NEW MEMBERS LISTED.
Baumgartner of the Riverside
Reflex Is Chosen for
President.
ARE CLEVERLY ENTERTAINED.
Yacht Voyages and Coaching Trips
Planned for the Visitors'
Amusement.
AVALON, Catalixa Island, July 26.—
The Editorial Association of Southern
California, now in session here, held a
business meeting last evening in the par
lors of the Island Villa Hotel, with Presi
dent E. W. Hilmes of the Riverside Press
In the chair. After the reading and adop
tion of annual reports the following offi
cers were elected for the ensuing year:
President. J. P. Baumgartner of the
Riverside Reflex; first vice-president, R.
A. Dague of the Santa Paula Chronicle;
second vice-president, W. S. Melick of the
Lancaster Gazette; third vice-president,
Mary Lyndecraig of the Redlands Citro
graph ; secretary, Charles H. Smith of the
Los Angeles Hotel Gazette ; financial sec
retary, J. W. Harvey of the Monrovia
Messenger; treasurer, E. S. Wallace of the
Santa Ana Herald: executive committee —
Scipio Craig of the Redlands Citrograph,
H. Z. Osborne of the Los Angeles Ex
press, C. A. Gardner of the Pasadena Star,
E. P. Clarke of the Riverside Press and
Thomas J. Hammer of the Los Angeles
Hotel Gazette.
The following new members were re
ceived: William G. Moore of the Red
lands Facts, I. Willis of the Fresno County
Enterprise, Messrs. Matthews of the Co
vina Argus, Editor Lawrence of the Los
Angeles Builder and Contractor and the
editor of the University Courier.
Papers were read by Scipio Craig on
"Legal Advertising" and J. P. Baum
gartner on "What Constitutes a Leeal
Newspaper," each followed by a general
discussion. The chairman of the asso
ciation was authorized to appoint a com
mittee of three to act in conjunction with
tbe State association committee to formu
late a plan for legislation in regard to the
libel laws now in force in California.
The members of the association will be
treated to a voyage down tue coast of the
island in a special yacht supplied by the
Wilmington Transportation Company to
morrow, and on Tuesday the editors will
return to their respective sanctums re
freshed by the outing. Among those pres
ent, iv addition to those hereinbefore
mentioned, are: Warren Wilson of tiie
Los Angeles Daily Court Journal ; Knep
per of the Santa Barbara Press; Edgar
Johnson of the Fuilerton Tribune; H. C.
Foster of the Covina Courier; R. G. Cur
ran of tbe News Clipping Agency, Los
Angeles; W. B. Thomas of the California
Cultivator, Los Angeles; W. S. Gilmore of
the Pasadene Town Talk; Miss Hattie M.
Baker of the Santa Ana Standard and
Miss Sadie M. Case of the Winchester Re
corder.
Most of the editors are accompanied by
their wives. On Saturday quite a number
of the visiting editors -ajoyed the stage
ride across tbe island in a six-horse coach.
STOCKTON BOYS SCALDED.
Children Overturn a Boiler Willed With
Boiling Water.
STOCKTON, Cal.. July 26.— Two sons
of W. S. Reynor, who lives on East South
street, in this city, came near being scalded
to death last night. The boys are aged 9
and 14 years. The younger may die from
the effects of the terrible burns received.
Mrs. Reynor had placed a boiler full of
water over a gasoline stove, and the water
had healed to the boiling point, when the
boys, who were playing in the room,
knocked the stove over. Tbe scalding
water fell directly on the children, and
their screams brought Reynor and his wife
to the rescue. The younger child was the
more seriously burned, and Dr. Lanthurn
was at once summoned to attend to his
injuries. He found tbe younger very badly
burned about the abdomen and thighs,
and tbe other scalded on the left arm and
shoulder. To-day the children were rest
ing easily, but there is still danger that
ti e little fellow will die.
SAN DIEGO LIBEL SUIT.
Dr. Hearne Awarded Damages Against
M. 11. de Young and J. _F. Blunt.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., July 36.— The jury
in the case of Dr. J. C. Hearne vs. M. H.
de Young and J. F. Blunt, in which toe
plaintiff sued for $100,000 damages for
alleged libel, returned a verdict at noon
to-day allowing Dr. Hearne damages in
the sum of $10,000 and costs. The jury
was out about twenty hours. Counsel for
the defendants asked tbe court to grant a
stay of proceedings for ten days in order
to allow time to move for a new trial and
the request was granted. Unless a new
trial is secured the case will be taken to
the Supreme Court.
This suit resulted from the publication
in the San Francisco Chronicle on August
26^ 1894. of an article alleged to have im
plicated Hearne in the killing of Amos J.
Stillwell at Hannibal, Mo., in December
1888.
PACIFIC GROVE RETREAT.
Leaden in Religious Work Gather in
Conference.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., July 26.— The
annual summer encampment under the
auspices of tbe Pacific Grove Retreat
Association convened to-day. This en
campment has brought together those
who are giving the best thought of tbeir
ligves to graat religious movements of the
day. Each day some of these men will
lecture. The Retreat Association has se
cured specialists in each line. The sub
jects to be discussed are: "How to Reach
the Masses," "How to Use the Best Talent
in the Church," "The Deaconess' Work,"
"Religious Preparation for To-day," "Tne
Higher Christian Life." John Coyie
D.D., presiding elder for Ban Francisco
district, has charge of the work.
Governor Budd nt San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 26.— Governor
James H. Budd arrived in this city this
evening and will attend the annual meet
ing of the trustees of the State Normal
School. In an interview he stated that
the election of teachers might result in 4
several changes, but added that he did not
consider himself at liberty to mention the
names of possible unfortunates. The ob
jection made by the people of this city to
the present condition of the Normal
grounds will be considered at the meeting.
and the Governor predicts the appoint
ent of a committee to confer with repre
sentatives oi the Board of Trade and Com
mon Council to arrange all differences.
DROWNED AT LONG BEACH.
Rancher Jasper Gee of Downey Perlshen
in the Surf.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 26.— Jasper
Gee, a rancher of Downey, 51 years of age,
was drowned to-day in the surf at Long
Beach while bathing. Gee went in with a
party of friends, two of whom came near
sharing his untimely fate. J. B. Wilson
of the party had a rope thrown to him
and was tov.-ed to sbore. N. G. Hughes
had to struggle for life, but reached the
shore without assistance.
The drowning was caused by a treacher
ous undertow which came so near engulf
ing the whole party that no assistance
could be given to Gee. A sad feature of
the iragedy was tnat Gee's wife and three
daughters witnessed his struggles with the
waves and heard bis piteous outcry for
help. Tbe body had not been recovered at
a late hour to-night.
San Joaquin Grain in Demand.
STOCKTON, Cal., July 26.— Grain is
not coming in to the warehouses here as
fast as it did at this season last year.
There are several reasons for this, and
some of these reasons the warehousemen
of Stockton do not fancy. Three firms are
fighting for the warehouse business along
the lines of the Valley road ana the
Southern Pacific Company. This is work
ing against the Stockton warehouses tem
porarily, but the damage to the local grain
handiera can only be temporary, as the
"freeze out" game that the three concerns
are now playing cannot last very long.
While it does last, the farmers of the
Valley are gainers.
The Carmelito Pipe Line.
PACIFIC GROVE. Cal., July 26.— Work
on the Carmelito pipe line is again being
pushed and will be completed soon. The
water is to be brought from Ban Jose
Creek, a distance of tvelve miles. Car
mslito is on the coast road and six miles
south of Monterey. It embraces within
its limits Point Lobos Park, one of the
main points of interest to all tourists who
visit Del Monte. Carmelito is owned by
San Francisco capitalists, who have al
ready expended over $80,000 in trying to
develop a coal mine situated there.
Stolen Bullion Found Sear Reno.
RENO, Nsv., July 26.— A quantity of
stolen bullion is reported to have been
found in this neighborhood. Those in
possession of the facts are guarding them
with the utmost secrecy. It is claimed
the bullion was found by two men re
cently released from State prison ana 13
now in the possession of the Sheriff.
Where it was stolen from, its value and
tbe persons suspected of the theft cannot
be learned.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games in the National League
Yesterday.
CLUBS.
Won.
L «"- (felt,
Cincinnati...... :....; 59 26 .694
Baltimore 52 26 .666
Jleveland 53 28 .654
."bieairo 49 38 .663
Pittsburgh.....;: 44 36 .560
Boston .. 4*2 *37 .531
Pniladelnnla 37 43 .46-i
8r00k1yn....... 37 44 .456
Washington... 33 44 .428
New York 32 47 .406
su Louig. 2-4 67 .296
Louisville. 21 57 .269
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 26.— Foreman's
pitching was too much for Cleveland to-day
and they narrowly escaped a shutout. The
brilliant fielding and base-runningof the home
team and Hoy's batting were the features. At.
tendance 10,000. Score: Cincinnatis 10, 16,
0; Clevelands 1, 7, 3. Batteries— Foreman
and Peit2, Young and Zimmer. Umpire—
Lally. a
CHICAGO. IL5# July 26.— Griffith pitched
great ball against the Bridegrooms to-day and
received gilt-edged support. The visitors out
batted the Ansonites, but the latter bunched
their hits and did better base-running. At
tendance 7500. Score: Chlcagos 4,- 10, 0;
Brooklyns 1, 11, 3. Batteries— Griffith and
Kittredjre. Harper and Grim. Umpire— O'Day.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July 26.— Louisville out
batted and outplayed Washington at every
point to-day. Tfie feature of the game was a
triple play in the first inning by Crooks, Dex
ler, Clingmanftnd Rogers. Attendance 5000.
Score: Louisvilles. 8, 13. 2; Washingtons, 6, 9,
1. Batteries— Hill and Dexter, Mercer and Mc-
Guire. Umpire — Belt*.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., July 26.— Breitenstein went
to pieces in the seventh inning to-day and the
Btltimores secured five runs and tbe game.
The bleachers overrun the foul line and
stopped play for ten minutes in the eighth
Inning. Attendance 15,000. Score : St. Louis,
6, 12, 1; Baltimores, 9, 12, 1. Batteries—
Breitenstein and McFarland, Hemming and
Clark. Umpire— Emalie.
♦
Santa Cruz Team Beaten.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., July 26.— of
the series of ball games for .he Exam*
iner's trophy was played at Vue de l'Eau
Park to-day between the Hollister and
Santa Cruz teams. The Hollister team
won by a score of 14 to 5, and did it easily.
The victors have won one game from the
Gilroy team ana one from the Watsonvilla
team and will go to Monterey next Sun
day to play the team there.
«
Visalia Beats Jiahersfield.
YISALIA, Cal., July 25.— The most in
teresting and exciting game of ball ever
played in Visalia was that to-day between
Visalia and Bakersfield for the champion
ship of Tulare and Kern Counties. The
heavy batting of the Visalias won the
game. Score, 16 to 6.
Be Sure
Your blood is pure, rich and nourishing.
Then your nerves will be strong, your
health good. Be sure to set
Sarsaparilla
The best-In fact toe One True Blood Purifier.
HnnH'c Dillc cure Liver Ills; easy to
IIUOU S t^IUS take, easy to operate.2so.
DR.MCNULTY.
rfHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE SPB-
-1 clallst treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
NERVOUS DISEASES OFMKN" ONLY. He stop*
■ Discharges; cares secret Blood and Skin Diseases,
Sores and Swellings: Nervous Debility. Impo-
tence and other weaknesses of Manhood. ■' ■
He corrects the secret Errors of Youth ana their
i terrible effects, Lost of Vitality, Palpitation of th«
Heart, Loss of Memory. Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the Errors,
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men.
lie restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re-
moves Deformities and restores the Organs to
Health. He also cure* Diseases caused by Mer»
cury and other Poisonous Drugs. '
Dr. McNulty's methods are regular and scien-
tific. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
medical treatment. His New Pamphlet on Pri-
vate Diseases sent Free to all men who describe
their trouble. Patients cured at Horn*. Terms
reasonable*. p *
Hours— 9 to 3 dclly; 8:30 to 8:80 evenings. Sun-
days, 10 to 13 only. Consultation free and sa-
credly confidential . Call en ar address
p. koscuk McXtJLTY. M. D.,
K««rny St., B>n Francisco, CaL
49- Beware of strangers who try to talk to you
•bout your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
, They are cappers or sieerers fur swindling doctors.
4jggi^ss Belts for $30.
ig3wF^-«^>S<>j^w| old-fashioned and poorly
KM^^bJMag^-tffMß made, can be tjaa by pay-
Fi^f^i? '"' yoor money to eleo:rlo
*taffH|giaKny«. belt "quacks" and travel-
•twOJ wAv^'ti^ '"* "takers." For a first-
- V ' -v%j-t* class article at a reasonable
• *^*ir price write or call, for free
■T^'' copy of our new book. i»r.
riKRC'« «* SON, 704 Sacramento st., cor. Kearor.
■wood* Uiin* MA toorta floors. ban i nmciac*MONEY LOST TO
OREGON PYTHIAHS
Grand Keeper of Records
and Seal McConnell
a Defaulter.
FLEES FROM PORTLAND.
Squandered Thousands of Dol
lars of Lodge Funds in
Riotous Living.
LIQUOR CAUSED HIS DOWNFALL
Once Confessed to a Shortage but
Was Forgiven by His
Brethren.
PORTLAND, Ob., July 26.— Being a
jolly good fellow and an extravagant man
about town have involuntarily exiled
from this city and from his family and
friends George McConnell, grand keeper
of records and seals of the Knights of
Pythias. In short, McConnell robbed the
order of between $"000 and $3000. Experts
are now going over his accounts and when
they make their final report it is possible
that this defalcation may be considerably
swelled.
The first intimation of McConnell's pec
ulations came to light last October, during
tbe meeting of tne Grand Lodge. At a
morning session an announcement was
made that the reports of tbe grand officers
would be received in the afternoon. Dur
ing the recess hours on that day McCon
nell confessed to ten of his most intimate
friends of the Grand Lodge that he had
embezzled about $800 of the Grand Lodge
funds. With tears streaming down his
cheeks he stated that drink was the cause
of his offense. He promised, if granted
immunity from criminal prosecution and
Kiven another chance, that he would for
swear liqnox and make restitution.
The Knights wliom McConnell took into
his confidence not only refrained from ex
posing the culprit, but they gave their in
dividual notes to cover the shortage. In
order to allow McConnell to redeem him
self, these ten men were instrumental in
causing his re-election to the trust he had
betrayed; but to guard against any future
dereliction on his part, an amendment to
the laws was enacted, in effect that all
subordinate lodges from that time on re
mit their dues to the grand master of ex
• chequer instead of to McConnell.
Quite a number of subordinate lodges in
this State, however, continued sending
their dues to McConneli. Sums amount
ing to $1400 he absorbed in riotous living.
Since then the experts have discovered an
additional $400 stolen by McConnell in
1895. He left nere a few days ago, pre
sumably going to his old home in Canada.
Steps will be taken toward having him ex
tradited.
AN INDEPENDENT SCHOOL.
Archbishop Gross' - Authority ■ Defied in
. ' . His Oirti Archdiocese.
PORTLAND, Or., July 26. -Archbishop
Gross' authority is being defied in his own
archdiocese. He is having more trouble
with his parishioners a>. Cedar Mills, Wash- '
ington County, and though it is serious
from the view point of the church, it ,is
not likely to worry the archbishop very
much. The trouble arises from the build
ing of an independent Catholic school at
Cedar Mills by the sisters of mercy. They
v, re on the side of Father Kelly in his
quarrel with the archbishop and Sister
Viiiiam a year aeo. When the arch
bishop refused to let them teach in the
diocese, they went to Cedar Mills, and
Father Kelly sheltered them. . When they
refused to obey the orders of the arch
bishop be excommunicated them. Noth
ing daunted, they solicited funds to build
a • chool.
This school is about completed and will
be opened late next month or early in
September. The archbishop refuses to
recognize the school as a Catholic institu
tion and will deny the rights of the church
to parents sending their children to the
school. While they' were at Cedar: Mills
Father Kelly published a number of arti
cles in a newspaper attacking Archbishop
Gross and Sister William, the superior
under whom the sisters of mercy had
been given their trial as teachers. -
Inspect Portland's Harbor.
PORTLAND, Ob., July 26.— The Japan
ese visitors, President Asano of tbe Orien
. tal Steamship Company and other offi
cials spent the day looking at Portland's
harbor and at Willamette Falls, Oregon
City, where they were shown the immense
eiectric light and power plant system
which is established there. The visitors
are pleased with Portland's advantages.
However, one of the directors says they
will give San Francisco and San Diego
careful investigation and that all claims
will be impartially considered with re
gard to a terminus for the steamer line.
They left to-night for San Francisco to
join the other members of the party that
is to locate the terminus for the steamship
line.
WELCOMED TO EUREKA.
Oregon Excursionists Tendered
a Reception by the
Citizens.
Given tbe Freedom of the City and a
Varied Programme of Enter
tainment.
EUREKA, Cal., July 2G.— The Oregon
excursionists in a body attended the ball
given last night in honor of their visit.
Despite the fact that the committee had
been forewarned, it was uncomfortably
near Sunday before the dancing ceased.
At the appointed time this morning, a
large number of ladies and gentlemen had
assembled in the parlors of the Vance
Hotel to welcome the visitors and tender
to them the freedom of the city. Attor
ney F. A. Cutler delivered an address of
welcome, which was responded to by
Judge Murphy. Judge J. D. H. Chamber
lain followed with a talk on the benefits
of such excursions from a business point
of view.
So greatly pleased are the voyagers with
their reception, that another party will
be made up at Orescent City for next Sat
urday, for the beneht of those left behind
because they could not secure steamship
accommodations.
The party will leave Eureka at 7 o'clock
Monday morning, when it will be escorted
by a reception committee with a band of
music to the entrance of the harbor.
After the reception to-day some remained
to see the d^ll and hose contests. Others
left with friends and acquaintances to
visit at tne homes of townspeople until
to-morrow. The public buildings were all
left open for inspection by the visitors.
In the afternoon from 2 until 4 an open
air concert was given by the Tenth Bat
talion Band. The two hours' intermission
had allowed the excursionists time to rest,
ana before the concert began the streets
were crowded. Special attractions were
arranged at the several churches for this
evening. After the services the excur
sionists made ready for an early start in
the morning.
THE SA NTA CRUZ CAMPERS.
Large Gatherings of Christians Attend
Anobath Serrices.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., July 26.— Sunday
was a great day for the Christian people at
Garfield Park. Lone before church time
wagons and buggies arrived, bringing
worshipers from among the country peo
ple. These, together with the city folk
and the campers, filled the immense au
ditorium.
The morning sermon was preached by
Rev. F. M. Jefferson of Berkeley, who
spoke on "The Reconciliation." It was
an elaborate study of comparative religion,
the incarnation of Christ, his resurrection
and atonement. The discourse was on
orthodox lines, except as to the atone
ment. The speaker's remarks on this
point were not fully indorsed, many say
ing: "We will have to study the matter a
little before accepting fully Brother Jeffer
son's ideas." All admitted that it was a
remarkable discourse, and it was highly
appreciated.
There was a large attendance at the
Bunday-school at 9:30 o'clock, led by A.
Sanders of Marysville. Many of the chil
dren from the city joined the young folks
among the campers in tbe Sunday-school.
At 3 p.m. Rev. H. Shadle, J. W. Kelsey
and R. L. McHatton led the communion
service, several hundred partaking of the
ixtrd's Supper.
The Christian Endeavor service was a
spirited one, led by Miss Ivey of Sacra
mento and attended by a large number of
Endeavorers. Following this meeting,
Rev. S. M. Martin, the evangelist, spoke
eloquently on "Tne Holy Bpirit."
POINT LOMA ADVENTURE
Coronado Summer School Girls
Explore the Oceanside
Caves.
They Are Lowered to the Water
With Ropes and Swim Into
the Caverns.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., July 26.— Four girls
and three boys in the geological class of
the Coronado summer school engaged in
a perilous venture yesterday morning be
fore daylight. They visited the caves on
the ocean side of Point Loma, making a
start at 2a. m. in order to reach the caves
at low tide. They expected to gather
marine curiosities, and carried ropes,
picks, crowbars and iron buckets. Upon
reaching the caves the tide was at the low
est mark, but. the question was how to get
the young ladies into the caves. It was
necessary to lower them with ropes. The
water being deep and the night cloudy it
was a hazardous undertaking.
"Why," said the Polhamus girls, "we
have our bathing-suite with us. We wili
put them on and be lowered dov/n. We
will taCe candles with us and swim into
the caves. We came here to go into the
caves and we will go."
The Misses Bremer and Freeze proved
to be as venturesome as the Polhamus
girls, and they were all let down by ropes
to tbe water and swam into the caves with
lighted candles on their heads. They
were accompanied by Messrs. Woodward,
Magee and Morse.
The caves were thoroughly explored and
some valuable specimens secured. Some
trouble was experienced by Misses Bremer
and Freese in getting back upon terra
firma. Two of tbe young men had to
climb tbe rope hand over hand and pull
the girls up, while tbe third youne man
did the "boosting." The Polhamus girls
are members of the Zlac Rowing Club,
and are very athletic. Tney climbed the
rope like the boys. All declared it was a
jolly experience, but they admitted they
were scared when they first struck the surf
and found it was boiling around the mouth
of the cave. The caves are proving a great
attraction to sightseers.
WOODBRIDGE DAM WASHED OUT.
Great Damage Caused by High Water
in the Mokelumne
River.
LODI, Cal., July 26.— The big wooden
dam across the MoKeiumne River at Wood
bridge was greatly damaged by a washout
at 10:30 o'clock this morning. It was
washed out for a distance of 100 feet, and
the piling and apron are partially gone.
No warning of the approaching disaster
was given. The part that is gone is that
put in last winter at much expense. No
estimate can be made of the amount of
the damage until the water is lower. The
farmers will get no water until next win
ter, as no repairs can be made until then.
It will cause great loss to alfalfa-raisers.
No further break Ls expected. The dam is
the property of the Wood bridge irrigation
and Canal Company.
SAN JOSE AFFRAY.
Two Zaborers ■ Seriously Injure Each
Other in a fight. ]
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 26.— Luigi Scarre
and Roceo Lotito, laborers who occupy a
small shanty on El Dorado street, became
engaged in a row last night and when the
police arrived both men looked as though
they had been run through a thrashing
machine. The trouble started over the
payment of rent on the j shanty. ■■:■ During
the light Lotito used his teeth and Scarre's
[ lip was ';. nearly i torn • away. - 7 Over a dozen
stitches were necessary to close the wound.
Scarre used a hatchet with good effect, and
Loiito has a couple of flesh wounds on his
head and a damaged ~ linger. The ; men
were charged with fighting": and disturb
ing the peace.
INTERNED AT HAH JOSE.
The Body of William Vale Borne to
the Grave.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 26.— The funeral
of William Vale, a well-known resident of
this city, was held from Trinity Episcopal
Church this afternoon. He was a native
of Wales, aged 78 years, A widow sur
vives him. He came to this city sixteen
years ago from Chicago, where he ac
quired a fortune in the livery business.
Mr. Vale was prominently connected
with the Masonic fraternity and Odd Fel
lows for fifty years, both in Illinois and
California. He was a member of Friend
ship Lodge No. 210 of this city, and was
also a Royal Arch Mason and a Knight
Temp Jar.
San Jolt's Slow Registration.
SAN JOSE. Cal., July 26.— The voters
this county are very slow in registering,
and it is feared that a great many citizens
will be shilt out from voting by reason of
their negligence. Registration closes on
August 10, and so far only 9300 voters
have registered out of » total of 15,000.
The County Republican Club is notifying
Republican voters of their negligence by
mail and urging them to come forward
and register.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 27, 1896.
ELECTRIC POWER
IN KERN COUNTY.
A Great Enterprise That Is
Now Well Under
Way.
KERN RIVER HARNESSED
Waters of the Stream Utilized
to Turn the Wheels of
Industry.
TAKING A FORWARD STEP.
Three Hundred Thousand Dollars Ex
pended on a System of
Development
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., July 26.— For
many years it has been apparent to all
who have been cognizant of the situation
that in the larce and perpetual flow of the
Kern River (ranking as the third stream
in point of size in California), coupled
with the heavy grade of that watercourse,
lay dormant an amount of power that
must inevitably at some time be harnessed
to the wheels of industry and furnish sup-
Building the Arch of Sjxty-Foot Span, Upon Which the Great Flume Is Carried
Over a Dangerous Place Along the Cliff.
port for thousands who would find em
ployment in the wide range of industries
that might be successfully and profitably
carried on with its aid, while supplying a
good home market for the wide range of
raw materials that are now or can be suc
cessfully produced here. Although these
facts have been patent for years to all ob
servers, it has remained for the Power
Development Company, an organization
of San Francisco capitalists, to take hold
of the project in earnest.
The point selected for the initial opera
tions of this company was at the mouth
of the canyon of Kern River, about six
teeu miles northeast of the town of Bak
ersh'eld. Here that stream, after its bois
terous course of 100 miles from the slopes
of Mount Whitney through a rugged and
almost impenetrable series of precipitous
mountain canyons, takes a series of tinal
plunges over falls, forming cataracts and j
rapids, preparatory to entering on its
peaceful journey through the valley and
the green fields, orchards and vineyards
beyond, of which it is the life-giving fluid.
Near the mouth of the canyon, on tbe
northern bank of the river, a site was se
lected for a power-house, and then, in
order to obtain the necessary fall for the
water that was to be used in the generation
power, which was the object sought,
surveys were made which showed that it
would be necessary to go some 9000 feet
up the canyon before the level of the river
could be reached at a point suitable for
the diversion of a portion of its flow.
The site was so steep and rugged that in
many places it was found necessary to let
men down with ropes from overhead and
Interior of the Flume leing Constructed In Kern County by the Power Develop
ment Company.
keep them suspended while they drilled
holes in the rock and prepared the giant
powder blasts which were to clear the
pathway for the immense flume that is to
carry the water to the power-house. A
trail or pathway, in some cases more than
twelve feet in width, had to be cut from
the rock the entire distance, upon which
to lay the timbers of the flume. When,
this task was completed the construction
of the flume was commenced. The lum
ber had to be hauled by team from tne
railroad sixteen miles away, after a sub
stantial bridge had been built across the
river, as the only available wagon-road
came to the soutb side, and deposited at
the power-house site. Then a tramway
325 feet long and with a slope of 30 per
cent was laid up the steep hill to the point
where the flume was to commence, or
rather end. A steam sawmill was set up
at tbe foot of this tramway, where tbe
lumber was all cut to the proper dimen
sions, loaded on cars and hauled by wire
up the incline to the level of the trail.
There the work of building the flume was
commenced. As the flume was built an
iron track was laid upon the cover or top
floor, over which the lumber was hauled
by horses "to the front" as fast as needed
in tbe work of construction.
The flume is 8 feet wide by 6 in depth,
and is constructed on 4x6 sills and up
rights, three feet from center. At the bot
tom an iron bolt or tierod extends across
between each upright, while the latter are
held together at the top by 2xß inch tim
bers, on which 2-inch plank 13 laid fora
covering. The flume itself is made of
first a course of boards 1 inch thick and 12
inches wide. On this is laid a coat of
heavy felt, and this in turn is covered with
a layer of hot asphalt. Over this again :s
a lining of balf-inch boards, thus
making the structure watertight and free
from loss by leakage. On the top of the
2-inch plank covering the railroad track is
laid for the full length.
There is not a single angle in the entire
8000 feet of flume, the changes in course
being ail made by curves and tangents,
which of course adds greatly to the stabil
ity of the structure by lessening tbe strain
incidental to the carrying of a large vol
ume of water at a good grade along a
tortuous course. The grade of the flume
is 5 8-10 feet to the mile and it has 23 per
cent of curvature.
Not less than 475,000 feet of the choicest
clear Humboldt redwood enter into the
construction of the flume. Only the roof
and top girders are of pine. So carefully
was the redwood lumber selected that the
manager says be would deem it a safe
proposition to forfeit $1000 for every knot
found, provided he be given $1 for every
board or sticK found in which there is no
knot.
An interesting feature of this structure
is an arch of sixty-foot span, upon which
the flume is carried over a particularly bad
place along the cliff. This arch was made
"by building up false work and upon it
bending ordinary Ix 6 boards. Twenty of
them were thus bent and fastened to
gether for each curve of the arch, with
the result that a most substantial and
perfect arch was made at small cost.
The flume will carry 280 cubic feet of
water per second, and at its terminus at
the mouth of the canyon, 8574:9 feet from
the point of leaving the river, it is 202 feet
above the power-bouse. There the water
will be delivered into a steel pipe 5 feet 6
inches in diameter and 540 feet long, said
to be the largest steel pipe in the State.
The fall from the end of tbe flume to the
power-house is exactly 201:9 feet, and tbe
volume of water carried will generate
about 7500 horsepower.
The wheels by which this power is to be
generated have not yet been contracted
for. They are to be of the tangential type,
and a number of companies constructing
different patterns of w'beels are preparing
to make proposals for their construction.
The power-house itself is a structure
35x70 feet clear floor space and IBleethieh.
In it will be installed at first two* 460 K. W.
(600 horsepower), 257 R- P. M. G. E. alter
nators, 7200 alternations per minute, ini
tial voltage 500, raising transformers to
increase voltage to 11,000, provision being
made all through for other generators of
the same size as they are required. The
electricity will be conducted from the
power-house on six No. 4 bare copper
wires at 7U per cent of loss in line and
1000 drop in voltage to the distributing
station in Bakersfield. a distance of four
teen miles by wire line and sixteen by
wagon road.
Here it will be transformed and reduced
to 2000 voltage and then sent out for gen
eral use. It will be utilized at first for tbe
operation of an extensive system of elec
tric railroads connecting the towns of Ba
kerstield and Kern, and possibly extend
ing into outside districts. Incandescent
and arc lights will be provided in both
towns for street and house illumination.
Power for the operation of pumps for irri
gation will be supplied, as well as for man
ufacturing of every kind. Tbe mines in
tbe mountains to tne east and accessible to
the power-house are expected to take con
siderable for the operation of mills and
Complete SectJon of the Flnme on a
Precipice Above the River.
hoisting works, which will be cheaper
than any other power that can be pro
cured.
There are about, forty men now at work
on the plant, the poles for the transmis
sion of the electricity to the distributing
station in town aro all up, and it is ex
pected that by November 1 tbe entire
machinery will be in operation. The con
tract for supplying the electric machinery
was let to the General Electric Com
pany of Schenectadv, N. V., while Lacey
&, Co. of Los Angeles have the steel-pipe
line contract. All the work so far has
been done by day's work, which is a guar
anty of its having been well done. Among
other things the company has erected a
handsome cottage at the power-house for
the occupancy of the man who will have
charge, while a telephone line is now in
operation connecting the power-house
with the office in town. The entire plant
will involve an outlay of over $300,000, and
it is wholly a cash outlay. No bonds have
been issued, no bonus asked, and all bills
have been discounted. There have been
no advance contracts entered into or solic
ited, and the whole project has been and
will be carried out on a strictly business
basis.
Charles Webb Howard of the Spring
Valley Water Company is the president of
the company, W. F. Goad is the vice
president, C. N. Beal is secretary and
treasurer, while the directorate includes
Albert Miller of the San Francisco Sav
ings Union and E. H. Clark, manager of
the Hearst estate.
An interesting feature of this enter
prise, though not connected directly with
it. is the possibilities which will be cre
ated by it for the mining of the bed of the
Kern River at the point where the power
company is at work. It is known that
this stream both above and below the
point referred to is rich with placer gold,
and much has been extracted from it.
But there is a large space where the
walls are too precipitous and the stream
too swift to permit of its being diverted so
that the bed can be got at and worked. It
is exnected, however, that the power com
pany will at times of low water divert the
entire flow of the river and accordingly
leave the bed bare. In view of this possi
bility several miners have located the bed
of tbe river for the entire distance from
the power-house to the point where the
flume is taken out, and they are confident
that whenever the water shall be diverted
they will find tbe richest kind of rich dig
gings in tne uncovered bed.
MARE ISLAND NEWS.
Repair Work on Vessels of the Pacific
Squadron — Stores for the
Oregon.
VALLEJO, Cal., July 26.— Tbe force at
the navy-yard continues to increase and
now it is a Hard matter to secure iron
workers enough 10 carry on the work in
the construction department.
The Alert arrived a day or two ago and
after going into drydock will De put out of
commission. Tbe Charleston, having been
dismantled and its crew sent to the Inde
pendence, will have its pennant hauled
down on Monday. Months wili elapse be
fore the crack cruiser is again in commis
sion. It was announced that the Phila
delphia would soon come to tbe station
and go out of commission and the Balti
more serve as flagship. This cannot be,
as the Baltimore cannot be made ready
for tea within six months. It is more
than likely that the Oregon, now at San
Francisco, will be made flagship. Ad
miral Beardslee is an ollicer who admires
a fine ship and as it is tbe rule for the ad
miral to fly his broad pennant on the
finest ship in the squadron, bis flag will
float on the Oregon.
Stores are continually being sent down
from the navy-yard to the Oregon. On
Saturday a steamer carried from the island
over 100 armor-piercing shells, weighing
1100 pounds each, for the 13-inch rifle guns.
Powder enough to blow up Snn Francisco
will also be transferred from the magazines
to the Oregon.
The Board of Trade of Vallejo is en
deavoring to obtain data regarding the
condition of the channel between the up
per and lower end of the island, as Senator
Perkins has sent a second letter to the
board saying he was misinformed at first,
when he attributed the Oregon's not com
ing to the yard to the wishes of the Union
Iron Works people. He has since learned
the channel was not large enough and that
it needs dredging.
About the first of the month the gun
boat Bennington is expected to leave for
Portland or Seattle.
Monterey Carnival Surplus.
MONTEREY, Cal., July 26.— 5. J. Duck
worth, secretary of tbe semi-centennial
celebration committee, shows by his re
port a surplus of about $400 from the Cali
fornia jubilee held here from July 4 to 7.
MOUNT VERNON
EDITOR BOLTS.
Hon. Frank Quinby Opposes
the Chicago Platform
and Nominees.
FAVORS A THIRD TICKET
Resigns His Position as Member
of the Washington State
Committee.
DECLARES AGAINST POPULISM.
His Party Rebuked for Having Ig
nored tbe Principles Formulated
by Its Founders.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 26.— Hon. Frank
Quinby of Mt. Vernon, one of tbe foremost
Democrats of Washington, and the owner
of the Mount Vernon Post, has repudiated
the National Democratic ticket. In re
signing from the State Central Commit
NEW TO-DAY.
"Red Letter Days"
Here Again.
A^e've picked the time when old heads
say trade slumbers, to do some lively furni-
ture selling.
Everybody knows, or ought to know by
this time, what "Red Letter Day" sales mean
to furniture buyers.
"Red Letter Days" are clearance sales —
only made more interesting for you by having
all lines reduced, new and old; old stock
most, of course.
For Two Weeks==No More.
"Red Letter Days" will own the store for
two weeks. There's a certain amount to be
sold, and to crowd it all into twelve days
means interesting selling.
Talk doesn't mean much — look out for
prices, remembering all the time the kind of
furniture we sell.
These for to-day :
:^|:-.:Onyx.
<-|||£jijJs£ Tables
fTT/ at Half
A «»« lr :< 'Style" says
A||L/ Onyx Tables
F^rTf are not so nice-
«JasgJeS!r\» as they once
* l v~^ fgEr were; that's all
style" knows about it. Just
as nice — not so stylish. ; Still
nicer. at half price.
We've the Tables— your i
parlor needs one, and * Red
Letter Days" give it to you
for just half regular price.
25 ; different ; styles— and
they'll go in a hurry.
Save $80 We made a
n« a splendid Oak
c °" a J Sideboard for
Sideboard customer and
when it was about finished
he changed his mind about
wanting it — and now we have
it. It doesn't match any-
thing else we have and some-
body is going to get a good
thing in it. . . .
Finished dark rich English Oak; China
Cupboards with beveled plate-glass doors;
velvet-lined Silver, Drawers," 5 , and a j Secret
Drawer that you can't find until we show
you. 5 ,■
Regular price — cut
in : half for "Red Letter
Days"— sBo.
California
Furniture Company,
N. P. Cole & Co.,
1 1 7-12 1 Geary Street.
tee> he addressed a letter to the chairman,
in part as follows:
I hereby tender my resignation as a member
of your body. My reason for so doing is be
cause I cannot indorse the financial plank: in
the platform as passed by tbe Chicago conven
tion. I believe that the financial question is
the question of the hour, made so by that con
vention when it refused to listen to reason or
make any concession.
It is true that when I was elected a member
of your body I was in full sympathy with both
the National and State platforms of the party,
and it might be saia that I still represent
them; but it is also true that since that lime
both this State's and the National Democracy
has seen fit to go back on its past record and in
convention assembled advocate the rankest
kind of class legislation.
I sincerely hope that those parties who are
opposed to repudiation will put another Na
tional ticket in the field and that the party la
this State will get rid of its Populistic inter
lopers and again put itself in line with true
Democratic principles. I must have my
hands free to do all in my power to bring
about such a result.
Tehatna Democrats Organlt«.
RED BLUFF, Cal., July 26.- The first
Bryan and Sewall club in this section was
organized at the town of Tebama last
night. Delegations from Red Bluff and
surrounding localities attended the meet
ing, which was presided over by J. J.
"Worthington of Tehama. An address was
delivered by John J. Wells of Red Bluff.
Among the first to sign tbe club's roll
were two heretofore radical Republicans.
Escapes in the Fresno Bill*.
FRESNO, Cal., July 26.— Sheriff "West
fall and Deputy Merritt returned to-day
from the chase of "Jim" Haslip, the In
dian fugitive murderer, in the mountains
of this county. Yesterday the two offi
cers were on Haslip' s trail and were close
upon him, when he took to the brush.
The officers feel much discouraged over
tne result of tbeir trip, for they expected
to capture the fugitive.
... .
Upholstery Nothing
-•Slightly its new-
*m v ness like up-
Mussed, holstery.
We keep things pretty
clean j but there are a few
pieces that don't look just
right alongside the bright
new things. All right within
themselves, but not first-rate
merchandise ; don't belong
in a first-class store ; and so
they will be sold— there's no
question aiDout that.
Only 1 one of a kind— and
scarce at that. :
Hardwood Too many
Chiffoniers Chiffoniers-^
( w^^'--. 3 more than one
•Pr ■•?"• '; store needs.
■-^— - /-' - m!; is a good
'{^--^'ffj^J, time to
i'"' JT '< -*-^> <[, '■ thin them
;^*-^- p . J. -....' out.
i ' Ne^ •""" s■ • ■'■SL'i i"• ? r ices
i i^m_^j j. _^ F.will do it.
t'■ -gS*' -^ >^- ••••'' . ~gfj~~- ,T; LiKe picture
-2 "L."JJJ ' ' J n irjmaAaa—, |{'-— five laT g 6,
lSr?^^^*'"' f^^^^B%J?r made of an-
- -' -' ~ ■■_- ZV tiqne ash,
$5.75."
29 of them . They 'll have
to pay for this advertisement
by . . hinting at other Red
Letter Day" prices.
34
THEY ALL WANT
BETTER ROADS.
Wheelmen, Teamsters and
Property - Owners De
mand Improvements.
REPAVE MARKET STREET
Thousands Take Up the Cry
and Are Ready to Do
Battle.
WILL LABOR PERSISTENTLY.
The Cycle Board of Trade Proposes to
Work With a Will for a
Smooth Roadbed.
. "Repave Market street." The slogan
has been sounded and the friends of good
highways are marshaling for an energetic
and persistent: fight The demonstration
of Saturday night is a source of gratifica
tion to wheelmen and others directly in
terested and to the great mass of specta
tors who viewed the line of march it was a
revelation. The showing made by the
cyclists was a fruitful topic of conversation
in the bicycle clubs yesterday afternoon,
and the oninion was enthusiastically ex
pressed that when such a body wants any
thin c nothing can stop it. And the wheel
men want Market street repaved.
"It was a great showing," declared W.
J. Kenny, chairman of the parade com
mittee of the Cycle Board of Trade. "We
have been nearly two months getting
ready for it. and it has entailed no end of
hard work. At first some of the bicycle
clubs seemed reluctant about entering.
Then we went before them oil their meet
ing nights and explained just what we
wanted. When we convinced them that
the board was honestly endeavoring to
start an agitation that would result in bet
ter roads for this City they came up nobly
and the parade, as far as the wheelmen
were concerned, fully came up to our ex
pectations. It took hard and persistent
work, but I suppose that is necessary to
accomplish anything important. Anyway
that is the way we intend to proceed to
get Market street repaved.
"What the bicycle dealers and riders
want most now is some kind of a smooth
pavement from the ferries out Market and
Valencia to Twenty-ninth. We are not
porticular what kind of a pavement.
Macadam would suit us as well as any
thing, but we do want something that a
bicyclist can ride upon without risking his
neck. j We, of course, wish the best pos
sible pavement put down, but we are will
ing to leave it to the judgment of others
what is the best. ' .
"Valencia street is virtually a continua
tion of Market street and it is the main
artery of one of the most populous sec- !
tions of the City. Watch the cars as they
travel along that street .and you will gain
an idea of : the traffic along it. ,- Every car
is : tilled, and before the Mission-street
electric-cars were put on the people were
compelled to stand up inside and hang on
outside. It is the most natural outlet of
the City, yet a bicyclist cannot traverse
that street with safety. His only choice
is between the well-nigh impassable basalt
blocks and a cable-slot, which at places is
two or three inches above the surface of
the street. To slip from the slot it such a
place would mean almost inevitable dis
aster.
"The wheelmen have no desire to have a
road built for them alone. They want a
good, smooth, serviceable road upon
which teamsters can haul to advantage
and which will be a benefit to the whole
people. We intend to keep on agitating
this matter, and we rely for aid and sup
port, as we have had in the past, from the
press, the Merchants' Association, the
teamsters, the improvement clubs and the
great army of enterprising citizens who
believe that pood roads are a necessary
feature of a well-regulated city. We must
have good roads, and we will have them
First of all, Market : street must be re
paved."
A. B. Maguire is one of the most active
members of the executive committee of
the ; South Side clubs. To Mr. Maguire
good roads has become almost a creed,
and the ; suggestion of improvement flits
forth unlimited enthusiasm. Mr. Ma
guire was an aid in the Saturday night
demonstration and expressed himself as
delighted with the turnout which the
wheelmen made.
"What the South Side clubs are now
working for mainly," he said, "is the con
tinuation of the improvement of Folsom
street from Third to the ferries, the block
between Eleventh and Twelfth and the
crossings at Ninth, Eleventh and Twelfth
streets. Then we want the sidewalks re
duced from 19 feet 6 inches to 15 feet
giving the extra width to the roadway. '
. "We are also in favor of repaying Mar
ket street. The present pavement on that
Ftreet is a constant menace to teaming.
The basalt blocks and . cobbles are as
smooth as glass and horses frequently slip
and their power is constantly diminished.
Bitumen partakes of the same fault when
it is wet, and it seems to me something
should be found in which this element is
not present. Personally, I think macadam
makes the best road, but I know a great
many would not aeree with me. :
"Now that the advocates of good roads
have shown their strength, it seems to me
they should determine what kind of pave
ment they want; then, having decided on
that point, demand an appropriation and
stay with it. The great secret of success in
these matters is persistence. Some one
must take the matter in hand and with
tireless energy push it along. It will be a
thankless task. People will impugn the
motives of the leaders, but they must not
get discouraged. Much will depend- on
the press in this matter. In our agitation
for the Improvement of Folsom street the
press.has been our backbone. It has
treated us royally, ana we feel that our
success is due to it. If the united press of
this City decides that Market street must
be repaved It will be done within a year."
The teamsters, who were at first reluct
ant about entering the movement, under
the belief that : bitumen was the only
pavement to be considered, are now heart
and soul with the agitators. A number of
them entered the procession Saturday
night as mounted" aids, and the more
progressive of them have taken up with a
will the slogan: "Repave - Market street."
WILL SOON ORGANIZE. .
Branch of the Republican National
League Club to Be
Formed.
A brief and informal meeting of the
committee appointed at a meeting of the
Union League Club a week ago to take
steps toward forming a local branch of
the Republican National League Club was
held yesterday afternoon, Colonel George
Stone of the Union League Club presiding.
Judge H. C. Dibble, T. H. Rush, T. C.
Masteller and Tirey L. Ford, who, with
Colonel Stone, compose the committee,
were also preset.
No action was taken in regard to organ
izing the club, but considerable discussion
was carried on and an understanding was
reached as to the best method of proceed
ing in the matter. Next Tuesday another
meeting of the committee will be held,
when the committee will have formulated
a plan for organization and on Wednesday
evening a meeting will be held to organize
the proposed club.
JEHOVAH OR BAAL?
The Rev. Dr. Dille Exhorts His People
to Live Actively In the Lord's
Service.
The sermon preached last evening by
the Rev. E. R. Dille at the Central M. E.
Church was entitled, "A Call 10 Decision."
The text was from Kings, "How long halt
ye between two opinions?"
After referring to the duel of the deities
on Mount Carmel, where, at the request of
the Prophet Elijah, fire descended from
heaven and tbe followers of Baal were
weaned from their idol worship and forced
to recognize Jehovah as the only true
God, tbe speaker said: "When humanity
cries out. every star, every blade of grass,
every flower, every tree, every river, every
brook and every mountain proclaims the
existence of the Lord.
"I say to you, if you believe in Jehovah,
the manly thing for you to do is to follow
him. Many laymen intend eventually to
become Christians, but delay too long, and
at the close of a sinful and selfish life think
to say a prayer, repent and so sliD into
heaven through the infinite mercy of God.
This is a mean policy to pursue, and it is
not always safe to rely for salvation upon a
deathbed repentance.
" 'Tis true that there are many unworthy
Christians in this world, but then the
church is our common mother and we
should be the last to see her faults. Would
that all of our churches were united, then
we should be so strong that we could put
down the saloons and stamp out political
corruption.
"Laymen are as responsible for the sal
vation of souls as churchmen. We should
enter into tbe service of the Lord, not for
our own sakes merely, but because he
needs us to aid in reclaiming our fellows.
Choose then between Jehovah and Baal,
for eternal life is of far greater value than
wealth or temporal power."
Tne speaker illustrated his discourse by
references to current topics.
SOCIALIST LABOR PARTY.
Arrangements to Place a Muni
cipal Ticket in the
Field.
Some Assemblymen Already Selected
for tbe Honor of Representing
Their Party.
The Socialist Labor party at their meet
ing yesterday afternoon took initiatory
steps to the placing of a municipal ticket
in the field for the coming election.
With this object in view a meeting of the
eighteen Assembly District delegates, com
prising 150 members, assembled at Social
Hall, 115 Turk street, yesterday.
The first order of business was announced
by the temporary chairman, H. Sailer, to
be the selection of a permanent secretary
for the general committee. H. Ford was
the unanimous choice of the body for that
office.
According to the standing rule of the
party the secretary has the naming of the
chairman for each meeting. The comrade
selected for the honor of presiding at yes
terday's meeting was G. B. Benham, who
presided over the body.
A caucus of tbe Assembly delegates wts
had, when, on making their report to the
general committee, the following were se
lected for Assemblymen from their re
spective districts:
Twenty-eighth District, H. Blumer, 27 Minna
street; Twenty-ninth. H. F. Sahlander, 287
Natoma street ; Thirty-nrst, H. Bernard, 43
Langton street; Thirty-second, W. Hansen,
residence not given; Thirty-third, G. Aspden,
Connecticut street ; Thirty-iourth, W. Rommel,
Sixteenth and Harrison streets; Thirty-fifth,
William Haack, Halladay avenue, near Twen
tieth street; Thirty-eighth, Leo Gnssar, 719b
McAllister street; Thirty-ninth, J. W. Rose,
116 Turk street; Forty-second, C. Stubenrach,
1020 Leaven worth street; Forty-third, L.
Hartleitner, 126*£O'f arrell street; Forty-fifth,
George Speed, Reno House, 639 Sacramento
street.
These names will be subject to ratifica
tion at tbe general meeting of the com
mittee next Sunday. Then the districts
omitted will be filled.
In the meantime the secretaries of the
Assembly committees are instructed to
make their selections and notify H. Ford,
the general secretary, in writing at the
headquarters, 115 Turk street.
A resolution was passed instructing the
delegates from the Fourth District and
that portion of the Fifth Congressional
District in San Francisco to meet on next
Sunday at 10 o'clock, in the forenoon, at
115 Turk street, and there make nomina
tions for all the municipal officers to be
elected next November.
A resolution was adopted expressing
condolence with James Anderson, the
party's nominee last year, for an accident
which occurred to him at his residence in
Alameda by which he sustained a broken
rib by being thrown from bis buggy, and
I a committee consisting of Miss Jane A.
' Roulston, P. R. Martin, J. Lewis, J. W.
Rose, H. Miller and H. Warnacke Sr.
was appointed to visit him in compliance
with the resolution and express to him the.
sympathy of his comrades. '
A communication was received from L.
Biddel of Los Angeles in which he ac
cepted the nomination of Presidential
elector.
ECHO FROM CALAVERAS
The "Prospect" Has Its Say
About an Enterprising
Pioneer.
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Foorman have just re
turned after an extended visit to Mokelumna
Hill. Irurins his stay in Calaveras Mr. Foor
man visited many points of interest, and was
the subject of an in tereatlac interview in that
enterprising newspaper, the Calaveras Pros
pect.
The following extracts from the reported In
terview will be read with interest by the many
triendß of the worthy president of" the Moke
lumne and Gampo Seco Canal and Mining Com
pany.
' After paying: a neatly turned and graceful
compliment to the popular pioneer the Pros
pect states: "Mr. Foorman say* he notices a
marked change in San Andreas — a departure
from the placid, easy-going days of yore, and
a painful absence of many old-timers, princi
pally old Ben Hawei, without whom he de
clares the place no longer looks like the old
Ban Andreas.
"The company which Mr. Foorman represents
is the oldest in the country, and Its works
cover an area of something like forty or fifty
miles, extending from the mountainous re
gions around West Point to the valley lands of
the San Joaquin.
"With the revival of mining in that end of
the country the company has largely extended
its works and new systems have lately been in
troduced at different points along the line,
principally in the vicinity of Valley Spring.
The Rood that end of the country has derived
through the company's work is invaluable,
and its system has done more toward develop
ing tbe mineral and agricultural resources ot
the country in their locality than any other
c ntGrpnsG.
Or asa hopper t Obtcure (/>« Sun.
LINCOLN, Nebb., July 26.— Myriads of
grasshoppers, in clouds so dense as to al
most obscure the sun, passed over this
section of Nebraska to-day about noon.
Their appearance caused apprehension
among farmers, but few alighted. Their
course was from west to east Tbe last
grasshopper scourge in Nebrasea was in
1874, and as they usually make their ap
pearance much earlier in the season it is
thought the present visitation does not
presage any serious damage to crops in
this locality.
Loans on watches, jewelry, sUvsrware, at Dncle
Harrta', 10 Grant avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 27, 1896.
SERGEANT CURTIS
WON THE MEDAL
Quarterly Rally First Dis
trict League of the
Cross Cadets.
TWO PARISHES COMPETE
Splendid Literary Productions
Rendered With Oratorical
Power.
THE PRIZE A BADGE OF SILVER
Sergeant Curtis Will Be One of the
Four Contestants for the Gold
Medal Next Year.
Mission Parlor Hall was far too small
to accommodate the immense number who
came to the grand rally of the League of
the Cross Cadets of the first district. This
Sergeant A. B. Cnrtis of Company I, League of tbe Cross Cadets, Who Won the
Silver Medal at the Quarterly Rally Yesterday.
includes the parishes of St. James', St.
Peter'a and St. Paul's churches.
The principal feature was the first con*
test of the second series of essays on
"What Drunkenness Costn," by competi
tors from the three parishes. The prize
for the most meritorious production and
best delivery was a silver medal. The
winner will be one of the four district
contestants in the final battle at tbe Me
chanics' Pavilion a year from August 9.
Arthur B. Curtis of St. Peter's Parish,
sergeant of Company I, League of the
Cross Cadets, captured tbe medal in a
splendid effort of eloquence and rhetorical
brillancy. The parish of St. James did
not enter the contest, thus leaving the
chosen orators of St. Peter's and St. Paul's
to strive for the medal.
The platform was occupied by Chairman
Charles B. Fenn, Rev. P. 0. Ryan, Rev.
James McDonald, Sergeant A. E. Curtis,
Company I; Lieutenant Charles Skelley,
Company I; Captain Peter J. Haggerty,
Thomas H. Murlow, Joseph H. Donald
son, Charles Willie, Captain James H.
Reilly, Company X; Lieutenant James
O'Neil, Company X, and Captain D. Mc-
Carthy, Company £.
Tbe rally was opened by a hymn and a
prayer offered by Father O' Ryan, spiritual
director of the league, after which was
rendered an instrumental duet by Miss
Pauba and Mrs. Fenn.
Lots were then drawn by the two con
testants for the first reading, which fell to
Sergeant Curtis. He spoke in substance
as follows:
"That the intemperate use of intoxicating
liquors is an evil of immense and incalcu
lable magnitude at the present day there
are few who will deny; nor will it be
questioned by any who have bad partici
pation in criminal proceedings that it is
one of the most fruitful sources of crime."
He said that tbe amount of money spent
for liquor all over the world was enormous,
and he quoted statistics to abow that
England expended annually over £125,
--000,000 for alcohol, while America expend
ed $1,474,000,000 annually.
"Aside, however, from the immense
monetary loss," he continued, "and tbe
inevitable misery due to indulgence in
liquor its evil effects on man may be taken
in three ways: First, on the moral man;
second, on the physical, and third, on the
spiritnal nature.
"Liquor destroys the Image of God in
man and lowers him to the level of the
brutes. No other evil has caused such
sorrow and misery. Broken homes, blast
ed hopes and wasted lives result from it.
Intellect is ruined and principle is sacri
ficed to it."
Tbe successful young orator was warmly
applauded when he sat down.
A musical solo by Miss Annie Doyle fol
lowed, after which was a recitation by
Sergeant McCrystal.
Then followed the second essay by
Joseph D. Donaldson of St. Paul's Parish.
He spoke well and received frequent ap
plause.
"Oar subject," said he, "is one that com
pletely defies the power of eloquence to
describe. The immense sum of money
annually expended in America for drinK
is drained largely from the hard-worked
laboring classes.
"Go to the weeping mother and tbe
heart-broken sister and ask them what
sorrow drunkenness causes. Let as not for
get that the corruption of Rome, Persia
and Carthage was caused by intemper
ance."
The glee club of Company A then sang
"Just Before the Battle, Mother," in a
manner that won them much applause.
Their singing was followed by the address
ofth« afternoon by Rev. James McDonald
of St. Peter's, who said that people from
reading the reports in the papers and hear
ing the people talk, were led to believe
that the world is in a veiy bad way. He
said that one-half of the country wants
gold and.tbe other half silver, bat no one
can aay that the country, no matter what
metal is chosen, will be any better off on
November 6 than it was on May 8.
"No political party will do away with all
the evil in the world," he said. "I am not
a prophet, bnt I have a cure. The thing
we want so badly and the thing that will
will save our country is an honest man.
"So far as honesty is concerned, both in
public and private life, there is very little
of it. Honest men have come to the con*
elusion that both good and bad politicians
are tarred with the same brush. Nobody
goes into politics but for what there
is in it. No nation ever became
great or powertul which waß built on a
rotten foundation. The ages of chivalry
have past and we have now advanced
civilisation, but there is a vast difference
between the ideal of the gentleman of to
day and of then. Kind hearts, courteous
words, unselfishness, purity of heart and
mind will make the world as it should
be."
The judges for the essay were Professor
Knowlton, Frank B. Lorrigan and MUs
Shay. At tbe conclusion of the address
Professor Knowlton announced that Ser
geant Curtis had won the literary and
oratorical victory by thirteen points, and
Father O'Ryan then pinned on the coat of
the victor tbe silver medal.
SCANLAN'S SUCCESSOR.
Channcor Olcott I'omei to Sing in a
Hi c h-Toned Irish Flay.
Chauncey Olcott. the successor of Min
strel Scanlan in Irish plays, arrived Sat
urday afternoon from the East. His
mother, Mrs. P. J. Brennan of Buffalo, ac '
companied him.
"I nave had a delightful trip westward,"
said Mr. Olcott, "and feel that it has done
me a world of good.
"It feels like being at home to be here
once more. I don't want you to publish
that I said I am very fond of San Fran
cisco. People will laugh and say, "Th»
old gag'; but, nevertheless, it is so. Some
of the happiest days of my life were spent
in this City, and I feel as" if it were the
place in which I made my first success as
a singer, even though it was in a modest
way. It is fully twelve years, but it seems
like yesterday that I stood up in the 'first
part' in the Emerson Minstrels and sang
the 'Blue Alsatian Mountains.'
"Mj life has been rather eventful since
then. After pottering around in other
minstrel companies, with the 'Old Home
stead' and other plays, I went to England
and settled down to study singing. I had
an idea of fitting myself for grand opera,
and vmnt to work in earnest with thai
famous old master Alberto Randesger.
"I began to play Irish roles in London.
Charles Wyndham heard me sing at a
concert one night, and as be had the pro
duction oi 'Miss Helyett' in mind at the
time he offered me the part of Don
Patricius Julius Caesar O'Flanagan, tbe
Irish toreador. I had no con lid en cc in
my ability to play an Irish character part,
never having essayed one, and after re
hearsing it for two weeks became so thor
oughly frightened that I went to Mr.
Wyndham and asked to be released from
playing it. He was very kind and talked
me into trying ii. When the opera was
produced I made quite a success. The
London papers said I did, anyhow. I
Bang in 'Blue-Eyed Susan' aud other
operas while in London and one day re
ceived a communication from Augustus
Pitou of New York.
"When Scanlan broke down, Mr. Pitou
waited in vain for same signs of improve
ment and then looked around for some
one to fill the comedian's place. Some
friends of his had seen me playing in
'Miss Helyett,' and wrote him about my
per.ormance of tbe Irish toreador. So he
sent for me. To go into Irish comedy was
to give up the grand opera career which
had been the height of my ambition; yet
to fill a place of such importance in the
field offered was no slight honor. After
thinking it over and getting some advice.
I decided to accept Mr. Pitou's offer. I
came over to New York, and made my
debut in 'Mavourneen,' the play in
which I will open at the California
Theater.
"The class of drama which I am giving
is the realization of a dream of Messrs.
Pitou and Scanlan. The latter bad beer,
developing up from tbe simple peasant to
something better and had just about
reached the acme of bis ambition when
be met with his terrible misfortune.
•Mavoumeen,' for instance, is a story of
Dublin a hundred years ago. when it vied
with London and Paris as the fashionable
ccn ter of Europe. As our story deals with
the fashionable set the costumes are very
elegant, the minuet, for instance, being
dancea in silka and satins."
Another Death by Gai.
Maria Scott, aged 63 years, was found dead
in her bed at 623 Larkin street yesterday
morning from the effects of gas. From the ap
pearance of the gas jet and other surrounding
circumstances the Coroner's deputies came to
th <; conclusion that the act was accidental.
Tbe deceased was the widow ot Captain
bcott. an army officer, who had served iv the
Union army during the late rebellion. She
wa i ? pensioner on the bounty of Uncie Sam,
and belonged to the Women's Belief Corps.
She leaves a son in Colorado, H. C. Martin,
f, nd » daughter, Mrs. J. A. Green, at Fort
Worth, Texas.
— ■ « — • — • — i
The Orphanage Farm.
A. Pftrlnr manti**~ ?•* *u~ in****.*,-* rt r tu~ n
*■ — .-— . utCTjiiuK m me micros* oi me rres
byterian Orphanage and /arm will be held ;at
he . residence \of Mrs. Chester L: Smith, 2613
Pacific avenue, near Scott street, on Monday
next at 2P. m. The i society ! have purchased a
larm near San Anseimo, and a general confer
ence is desired to make still further plans for
promoting its Interests.'
From rough calculations lately made it
appears that over 360.000 species of animals
nave been deacribea by naturalists.
LED BY A DOG TO
AN UNMADE GRAVE.
The Animal's Piteous Cries
Attracted Attention at
Laurel Hill.
WAS THE ONLY MOURNER
Strange Discovery of the Bcdy
of an Ud known
Man.
HAD BEEN DEAD SOME TIME.
Dumb Sympathy Exhibited by the
Only Friend of the Dead
Man.
It was by the whims of a dog— a lonely
neglected, friendless little creature — that
the dead body of an unknown man was
found in Laurel Hill Cemetery yesterday.
It had lost its master, and for three days
it tried to attract the attention of passers
by and lead them to where the body lay.
It was followed by a lad y yesterday, and
bounding along the path it brought her to
an unmade grave, and then with a moan
it cnrled up by tbe head of what had once
been its master.
The body lay in an unfrequented po
tion of Laurel Hill Cemetery and it had
evidently been there several days, it was
that of a man apparently about 60 years
of age, attired in a brown suit of clothes,
white shirt and black- tie. A much-worn
slouch bat lay a few feet from the body,
where it was dropped as its owner, it is
presumed, stricken with heart disease,
reeled and fell to the ground dead.
Without doubt the dead man was the
master of the dog. During the last few
days the little animal had been frequently
seen wandering around the cemetery. A
number of attempts to drive it away were
unsuccessful; it always returned, and
would whine piteously as though in sor
row. Yesterday afternoon Mrs. L. C.
Ayer, who resides at 6400 Mission street,
had occasion to visit the cemetery.
She had not been there long, however,
before the peculiar actions of the dog at
tracted her attention. It appeared to be
making an attempt to inform her regard
ing some unusual occurrence some dis
tance away. Mrs. Aver finally decided to
follow the dog which had so singularly at
tracted her. She did, and tbe little mes
senger led her to the body of its master.
Mrs. Ayer then notified H. N. Pearson,
assistant superintendent of the cemetery,
as to her discovery. The Coroner's office
was then notified, and Deputy Coroners
O'Brien and Smith went to remove tbe
body to the Morgue. When they arrived
the little dog went up to the body and,
crouching up close by the head, refused to
leave.
It was carried some distance away in
the hope that it would remain, but as soon
as it was released it hurried back and
once more lay down by its master's head.
The body was finally deposited in the re
ceiver, and the little dog. the only
mourner, was tacen to the cemetery house.
The body was taken to the Morgue, but
th» forlorn little animal still whines piti
fully in his loneliness.
' The latest watch is a marvel of inge
nuity. It is the size of a small solitaire,
and is intended to be worn as tbe button
of a shirt or a sleeve.
NEW TO-DAT.
VARICOCELE.
the Most Weakening of All the Bad
Effects Following Excesses and
Indiscretions. 
pEN CANNOT DEBCRIBE THE TOR-
: ..tare inflicted upon the victim of Vari-
cocele. This disease is a swollen condition
of the ;| veins, which become . weaK and
flabby/ get blue, ropy, causing ; impure cir-
culation, unhealthy perspiration and - ex-
treme weakness. Ii drains and drags the
vital energy; from the body. It destroys
strength; it ruins the nervous system, and
makes men unfit for society, business or
pleasure. :r\
Do you suffer from it? Watch yourself
carefully. It creeps upon its victim
quietly, like the serpent, and if you do not
strangle it upon the appearance of the first
symptoms it may sap the foundation from
your structure. : ■'■■ .
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
cures Varicocele. It ; gives . life into the
veins and nerves, , removes the stagnant
blood and s*ts up a : healthy [ circulation.
It cures in three . months. ; "... :,
"The swollen veins are gone and my
«tren«th has all returned" says N. Da-
mato, Penryn, Cal. '
This disease destroys your nervous sys-
tem. Drive it from your body by Dr. San-
den's Electric Belt. V
S .."lam", pleased to state that .my Varioo- i
cele, which was of twelve years' standing,
'. has almost completely disappeared after
using Dr. Sanden's Belt for two months,"
writes W. S. t Johns. 1139 Market street.
San Francisco. -.
All -power is weakened by Varicocele.
Protect yourself from its dangerous pres-
ence.
'■: Sena or call for Dr. Banden's , illustrated
book, "Three Classes of Men," describing
Vsricocele and its cure- It is free.
L : 2 SANDEN ELECTRIC C 0. ,..
, 6SO Market Street. San Franolsoo,
Opposite Palace Hotel. . Office hours; > 6 x *. to
8:30 F. M. : Sundays, 10 to 1..: .
'■■ : "t.;-; : ;.V?, •■', ;■•;■■■ Y OFFICES AT: ;-
&OB ANGELESJ, CAX*. I ; . : PORTLAND, OIL. ■
1104 South Broadway, s; | . 253 Washington street, "l
r , . "" Cansultitlon Fie* and, imnad.' :*',
Is the light that will 'brine "a* greaT~Bf<»
glow of happiness to you. By you will
see how strong : and ; vigorous . your now
weak body can be made. Hndyan is for
man. The great Hndyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonder discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. •It is the strongest and ; moat
powerful vitalizer made. It is bo powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. You can pet it from nowhere bat
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator Is the
most wonderfnl discovery .of the age. It
has been indorsed by the leading scientific)
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops pretnaCureness of the
discharge in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous twitch ings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy. ■'..'■'.
HUDYAN cures 1 debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements. ./•'.'.
Prematureness means im potency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. ' It can be stop-
pea in. twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
Tainted BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of sore
producing (terms. Tnen come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth, old sores and
falling hair. You can save a trip to Hoc Springs
by writing for "Blood Boole" to the old physicians
Of the ;
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
- SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. - -
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
; Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonlo for to*
sexual and nrinarr orgaas of both sexes, and ♦
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
der. A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervine.
Bells -on its own Merits— no Long-winded wju«
monials necessary. ■"■■■■ -• :.-
>ABiiK, aLFS & BRCNK, Agents.
323 Market St., S. i'.— c-Seud for Circular)
OFFICE OF THE
Registrar of Voters
L—OP THE ■
City and County of San Francisco.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
XI Boards of Precinct Registration for the General
Election, to be held on TUESDAY, the, 3d day of
November, A. D., 1896, will meet in their re-
spective precincts for the registration of Voters
and , for such other purposes as are prescribed by
law on WKDNISDAY, August 6,1896, from 9
o'cloclc a. m. until 10 o'clock p. it dally, for five
(5) days. until and Including MONDAY, August
10. 1896, on which day all registration doses.
All electors who have not been registered for
said General Election are hereby in tea to pre-
sent themselves for registration.
The Boards of Precinct Registration will sit as
above for. the purpose of . registering all legal and
qualified voters residing in their precincts who
have not registered at the office of the Registrar of
Voters since May 27. 1^96. ■ • , *
Any person who has not registered . since May
27, 1896. and falls to register at the Board of Pre-
cinct registration of the precinct In which he re-
sides will be debarred the privilege of voting at
such election. t.
In accordance with Section 21 of the "Act to
Regulate Registration of Voters," etc., tbe follow-
ing places have been secured for the sessions of
tbe Boards of Precinct Registration.
REGISTRATJoF plages.
ELECTION MEMBER 3, 1896.
: Twenty-Eighth Assembly District.
First Preclo'-t— Mission.
Second Precinct— l 7 Howard.
Third Precinct— 4o: Harrison. •
Fourth Precinct— 4ls tolsom.
Fifth Precinct— second.
Sixth Precinct— tOB Howard.
Seventh Precinct— s22 Howard.
Eighth Precinct— l 42 First.
. Ninth Precinct— ll J First.
Tenth Precinct— b'JS Mission.
Eleventh Precinct— lo2 Jessie.
Tweirth Precinct— 29 Stanley place.
Thirteenth Precinct— «6B Howard. i, ,
" Fourteenth Precinct— 62s Howard.
Fifteenth Precinct— 66s Howard.
: • Sixteenth Precinct— 24 Verona. -
Seventeenth Precinct— 4Bl Third.
Twenty-Ninth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 36B Jessie. -
Second Precinct— 2ls Stevenson.
Third Precinct- 850 Mission.
Fourth Precinct— lol Fifth.
: Fifth Precinct— 7sB Mission.
Hlxth Precinct— 222*4 Natoma.
Seventh Precinct— Howard.
Eighth Precinct— Minna. ■
, Ninth Piecinct— Tehama,
Tenth Precinct— 2l3 Fouith.
Eleventh Precinct— 7l6 t'olsom.
Twelfth Precinct— 223 Klfth. -
.Thirteenth Precinct— l44 l, 4 Clara.
'. Fourteenth Precinct— 729 Folsom.
Fifteenth Precinct— 4B Rltch.
Sixteenth Precinct— 4oB Fourth.
Seventeenth Precinct— lo4 Perry.
Eighteenth Precinct— 42l Fourth.
Nineteenth Precinct— ss2 Bryant.
Thirtieth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 46B Stevenson.
. Second Precinct— 85% Sixth. •
Third Precinct— 6oa jessle.
: Fourth Precinct— 939% Mission.
: Fifth Precinct— 6o6 Minna.
Sixth Precinct— Sixth.
. Seventh Precinct— 96o Howard.
Eighth Precinct— 2o2 Fifth.
Ninth Precinct— 224% Fifth. '.
Tenth Precinct— loo 7 Howard.
Eleventh Precinct— 239 Seventh.
Twelfth Precinct— 939 i olsom.
Thirteenth Precinct -336 sixtn.
Fourteenth Precinct— 43l% ?ixth. '&&sßSsSlßtt
B Fifteenth Precinct— Harrison.
1 Sixteenth Precinct— 410 sixth.
Seventeenth Precinct— loB2 Howard.
. - ■■ .' '- i . ■ i ■ -
Thirty-First Assembly District*
First Pr»clnct-^-J$ Eighth.
Second Precinct— Ninth. .
Third Precinct— ll47 Mission.
Fourth Precinct— l2B Hlghth.
Fifth Precinct— ll46 Howard.
Sixth Preciuct— l3o6 Mission.
Seventh Piecinct— ls3 Kleventh.
Eighth Precinct— 2ls Tenth. .
. Ninth Pr.*cinri— 204 Eighth.
Tenth Precinct— Eighth.
Eleventh Precinct— llo3 Howard.
i Twelfth Precinct— ll2o Harrison.
Thirteenth Precinct— ll39 Folsom.
. Fourteenth Precinct— l 239 Folsom.
Fifteenth Precinct— 4JS Ninth. '
." Sixteenth Precinct — 1329 Harrison
: Seventeenth Precinct— l 439 Harrison.
. Thirty-Second Assembly District.
First Precinct— Brannan.
Second Precinct— 6ol Third.
Tnlrd Precinct— 7lB Third.
Fourth Precinct— 6l6 Fourth.
Fifth Precinct— s24 Third. -
Sixth Precinct— Fourth
- Seventh Precinct— s4o Brannan
: Eighth Precinct— 6ls% sixth
Ninth Precinct— loso Kentucky
:, Tenth Precinct— l 924 Bryant.
Eleventh Precinct— 7o7 Urannan.
Twelfth Precinct— 742 Brannan.
Thirteenth Precinct— 9s3 Bryant
Fourteenth Preclnct-1514 Twentieth (Napa).
. Thirty-Third Assembly District.
First Preclnct-2900 Twenty-first.
ThSdP^f 111 8 Twenty-second.
- i nlrd Frecinct— 3l42 Twenty.fourth. -
£?,"?£ «cicct-1336 Alabama.
• * m £ *, r * cl , n «-2857 Twenty-fourth.
Sixth Precinct— Florida.
:■ •^ . V .£?£ D Pre ? lnct -" 305 Bryant avenue.
£i S h ' b D Preclnct - 2702 Twenty-fourth. ■
Ninth Preclnct-2821 Humbofdt. :■■■■■■■
' 1 enth - Precinct— Cerner - «4th and Potrero aye.
.Eleventh Precinct— N. W. . cor. 22d and Tennes-
Twelfth Precinct— 92l Illinois.
Thirteenth Precinct— Railroad avenue '
Fourteenth Precinct— l 669 Fifteenth avenue. •
Fifteenth Precinct— Cor. Railroad and nth ayes,
WEW TO-PAT^
Thirty-Fourth Assembly District. r :
\ First Precinct— lsl7 Howard.
second Precinct— ls33 Mission.
Third Precinct— 46 Twelfth.
Fourth Precinct— lll Valencia,
1 Fifth Precinct— lB39 Mission, v
- Sixth Precinct— l73l Mission.
' » Seventh Precinct— l6o9 b'olsom.
Eighth i recinct— 11H Fourteenth. WgsSKm
Ninth Precinct— l Bos Mission.
Tenth Precinct— 23s Valencia.
Eleventh Precinct— 442 Valencia.
Twelfth Precinct— 548 Valencia. ■
- Thirteenth Precinct— s67 Valencia. .; fX.
Fourteenth Precinct— 2lo6 Mission.
Fifteenth Precinct- 1475 Fifteenth.
sixteenth Precinct— w. cor. 18th and Folsom.
Seventeenth Precinct— 223s Mission.
- Eighteenth Precinc:— B2s Valencia.
Nineteenth Precinct— BoB Valencia. .
Twentieth Precinct— 934 Valencia.
Twenty-first Precinct— 232s Mission.
Thirty-Fifth Assembly District.
First Precinct— Corner of Clipper and Charon.
I Second Precinct— 364s Twenty-third.
Third Precinct— Corner Valencia and Twenty-
third.
Fourth Precinct— 32l7 Twenty-first.
. Fifth Precinct— SW. corner Mission and 24th.
Sixth Precinct— 262s Mission. . •
■ Seventh Precinct— B2Bl Twenty-fourth.
Eigbth Precinct— l4o« Valencia,
Ninth Precinct— Thirtieth, between San Jose
avenue and Mission. ■
Tenth Precinct— between Precita
avenue and Momcalm. - ■
Eleventh Precinct— 3l2l Mission.
Tweirth Precinct— 32Bl Mission.
Thirteenth Precinct— 46 Richland avenue.
Fourteenth Precinct— Llquri Hall.
Thirty-Sixth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 23l6 Fifteenth.
Second Precinct— 2slB% Market.
Third Preciuct— 222 church. . -
Fourth Precinct— 3l39 Sixteenth.
Fifth Precinct— 3796 Eighteenth.
.. Sixth Precinct— 4lsl Eighteenth.
Seventh Precinct— 4llo Eighteenth.
Eighth Preclnct-4081 Nineteenth.
Ninth Precinct— 93o Sanchez.
. Tenth Precinct- 3619 Eighteenth.
Eleventh Precinct— Corner Twenty-fourth and
Vlcksburu. .
Twelfth Precinct— Twenty-fourth.
Thirteenth Prtcinct—NW. cor. Day and Ban-
chez.
Fourteenth Precinct— 22s Twenty-eighth.
Fifteenth Precinct— l 434 Dolores.
Sixteenth Precinct— Mission.
Seventeenth Precinct— 43o6 Twenty-first.
Eighteenth Precinct— Bo4 Douglass. ,
Nineteenth Precinct— San Jose and Oceaa
avenues.
Twentieth Precinct — Corner Sagamore and
Plymouth aye.
Thirty -Seventh Assembly District,
First Frecinct— 339 Hayes.
. Second Precinct— 9 Oak.
Third Precinct— l 43 Page.
Fourth Precinct— l 7 Franklin.
Fifth Precinct— 43s Hayes.
' Sixth Precinct— 6oo Hayes.
Seventh Prrclnct— slB% Laguna.
Eighth Precinct— 26l ' Ciavia.
E Ninth Precinct— lv>sl Market.
Ten;h Precinct— Herman.
Eleventh Precinct— HaighC
Twelfth Precinct— 73B Hayes.
Thirteenth Precinct— 6o4 FUlmore.
Fourteenth Precinct— 627 Halgbt.
Fifteenth Precinct— (Booth), SW. corner Half
and Devlsadera ' • ■
Sixteenth Preciuct— Oak. .
Seventeenth Precinct— l2l6 Oak.
Eighteenth Precinct— Scott.
Nitieteentn Precinct— Baker.
Twentieth Precinct— l 733 Oak.
Twenty-first Precinct— l7oo Page.
Thirty-Eighth Assembly District.
.First Precinct— 9l3 Ellis. .
- Second Precinct— 6o7 Franklin.
Third Pre met— 6l3 McAllister.
Fourth Precinct— so 4 Grove.
Fifth Precinct— 7o9 McAllister.
Sixth Precinct— l3ol Ellis.
Seventh Precinct— ls29 Ellis.
Eighth Precinct— l 342 Turk.
Ninth Precinct— llos Buchanan.
Tenth Precinct— Bll Buchanan.
Eleventh Precinct— B2l Webster.
Twelfth Precinct— llos FUlmore.
Thirteenth Precinct— l77l Ells.
Fourteenth Precinct— l2o9 Devisadero.
Fifteenth Precinct— l6l3 Turk.
Sixteenth Precinct— 667 Broderlck.
Seventeenth Precinct— l6o2 Grove.
. Eighteenth Precinct— 2s44 McAllister.
Thirty Ninth Assembly District.
. First Precinct— l 26 Hayes.
Second Precinct— *Jl7 Polk.
Third Precinct— 36 (irove. 1
Fourth Precinct— 3B3 Golden Gate avenue.
' Fifth Precinct— 3lo Golden Gate avenue.
Sixth Precinct— 329 Eddy.
Seventh Precinct— 3l9 Leavenworth.
Eighth Precinct— 6o6 Larkin.
. Ninth Precinct— 4o2 McAllister.
Tenth Precinct— 609 Larkin.
Eleventh Precinct— L-arkin.
Twelfth Precinct— BB7 Geary.
Thirteenth Precinct— 42l Jones.
' ' Fourteenth Precinct— Jones.
Fifteenth Precinct— 6lB Hyde. -
.; Sixteenth Precinct— lo3o Sntter. .••'•--
Seventeenth Precinct— loos Post. '
Eighteenth Precinct— l 224 Polk,
Nineteenth Precinct— l62l California,
Twentieth Precinct— Pine.
Fortieth Assembly District*
. First Precinct— l62o-81 Pine.
~ Second Precinct— 3lB Fern avenue.
Third Precinct— l 623 Post.
. Fourth Precinct— l6o3 Laguna.
Flfrh Precinct— lBl4 Laguna.
Sixth Precinct— 2ll3 Pine.
Seventh Precinct— 2loB Flllmore.
Elirhth Precinct— 3 904 Flllmore.
Ninth Precinct— lsl7 Buchanan.
- Tenth Precinct— lBo2 Geary. ■.
Eleventh Precinct— 26o9 Bush.
Twelfth Precinct— Sacramento. !
Thirteenth Precinct— 2626 California.
' Fourteenth Precinct— l4oo Devlsadero.
Fifteenth Precinct— Sutter.
Sixteenth Precinct— Pine. -
Seventeenth Precinct— l42B Central avenue.
■' Eighteenth Precinct— Bo9 Point Lobos aven ml
Ninteenlh Precinct— l3l3 Point Lobos avenue.
Twentieth Precinct— 36o Ninth avenue. -
Forty- First Assembly District.
First Precinct— l4l3 Jackson.
•Second Precinct— l7o2 Hyde.
Third Precinct— 2oo9 Hyde. ,
: Fourth Precinct— 26ol^4 Hyde.
; Fifth Precinct— 2lo3 Larkin.
Sixth Precluct— l926 Polk. »
Seventh Precinct— l7oB Polk.
Eighth Precinct— l9lB Pacific.
Ninth Precinct— Jackson.
Tenth Precinct— lBl3 Vallejo.
Eleventh Precinct— 293o Octavla.
Twelfth Precinct— Blo3 Fillmore.
■ Thirteenth Precinct— l9lB Union.
Fourteenth Precinct— 2slo Steiner.
Fifteenth Precinct— 2eOOVb Sacramento,
sixteenth Precinct— '.'926 Washington.
Seventeenth Precinct— HS99 Sacramento.
Eighteenth Precinct— 2733 Greenwich. ' '
Nineteenth Precinct— 362o Sacramento. "
Forty-Second Assembly District.
, First Precinct— Golden Gate avenue.
Second Precinct— 23o Taylor.
Third Precinct— Ellis.
Fourth Precinct— l 37 Tavlor.
Fifth Precinct— 44o Geary. .
Sixth Precinct— 6l2 Post. .
■ Seventh Precinct— 627M> Geary.
Eighth Precinct— lOOHßujh.
Ninth Precinct— Bo9 Bush.
Tenth Precinct— llB6. Clay.
Eleventh Precinct— llo4 Clay.
Twelfth Precinct— l3l7 Sacramento.
Thirteenth Precinct— l3ll California.
Fourteenth Precinct— l 426 Washington.
Fifteenth Precinct— l 334 Pacific.
<j sixteenth Precinct— ll4l Pacific. "
Forty-Third Assembly District.
First" Precinct— 107 Ellis.
Second Precinct— ll7 Powell.
• Thira Precinct— 3o6 Mason.
Fourth Precinct— l 46 Geary.
Fifth Precinct— 22 Stockton place.
. Sixth Precinct— 4lB Powell.
, Peventh Precinct— 6o6 Bush.
Eighth Precinct— 62o Bush.
Ninth Precinct— 6os Pine.
Tenth Precinct— 33s Kearny. '
Eleventh Preclnci— B22 California. '■'
Twelfth Precinct— Washington.
Thirteenth Precinct— lo23 Clay.
Fourteenth Pr. cinet— l3lo Mason.
Fifteenth Precinct— l22B -tocKion. - . *
Sixteenth Precmet— 229% Montgomery aven ;sl
; Forty-Fourth Assembly District.
. First Precinct— 6o6 Broadway.
» Second Precinct— sl2 Broadway.
Third Precinct— l62l Mason.
Fourth Precinct— lsl2 lmpont.
Fifth Precinct— soB Filbert.
Sixth Prrcinct— so Bay.
Seventh Piecinct— 2lC6 Mason.
Eighth Precinct— Mason.
Nn,th Precinct- -7 Montgomery avenue.
Tenth Precinct— lBl3V 2 Mason.
Eleventh Precinct— l7o6 Mason. ..--,.
Twelfth Precinct— Mason.
Thirteenth Precinct— .6os Taylor.
Fourteenth Precinct— l7o2 Leave nworth.
Fifteenth Precinct-913% Filbert.
■ : Forty-Fifth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 3ol Bush.
Second Precinct— 433 Pine.
Third Precinct— Drumm.
: Fourth Precinct— llB Lelde.idorff.
. Fifth Precinct- 6 Commercial.
Sixth Precinct— 22s Leinesdorff .
Seventh Precinct— l 24 Montgomery avenue.
Eighth Precinct— lo9 Jackson.
: Ninth Precinct— los Washington.
Tenth Precinct— 342a Union.
. Eleventh Precinct— ls Vallejo. ; . V
Twelfth Precinct— Northeast corner , Pacific at>4 *
Montgomery avenue. ■- 7W « ea S* ! *l!K^ltSßEfe
• Thirteenth Precinct— lolo Montgomery.
■i Fourteenth Precinct— l2o2 Montgomery.
, :, W. M. HIXTOV, Registrar .'of Voters.
■JT^aflgßßtefegu* !S _?'*,? '"-* -Poisonous
■*^iswffl^ gBBB TtrTrI remedy or Gonorrhoea.
jgSg&PvCSiEs^i £!«*• Spermatorrhoea^
.fsglar fa Ito 5 days. whites, unnatural dis-
JB^r Guaranteed m charges, or any inflamma-
frcSiW Dot to itrieisre. tion, irritation or ulcera-
JPrrrcnu contagion, tion of m neons mem-
W sT«mTHEEMN3 Chemic<lCo. bra ne«- Non-astringent.
: I'mLcincinnati.o M I SoW by i>rwirafi»to, :
xljifflk V. S. A a ■ 2 - Bent 'in Plain wrapper,
/^ftn ig&in l > , y y ex P r *? )1 i prepaid, for
m Wrcular seat c£V.a>«*.TUBERCULAR COWS
SOLD FOR FOOD.
The Board of Health Will
Stop the Nefarious
Traffic.
A MENACE TO HEALTH.
Tc-Day the First Effort to Pre
vent the Sale Will Be
Made.
VIGOROUS ACTION PROMISED
A Band of Sick Cows Driven Into
San M teo County to Avoid
Inspection.
The Board of Health will begin an in
vestigation to-day into the disposition of !
cows suffering from tuberculosis, It has
been brought to the attention of the board
that some unscrupulous persons have
taken diseased cows from dairy ranches in
the County of San Francisco and sold the
animals to butchers for slaughter. This
was done to avoid the loss of the cows,
•which appeared inevitable in case of an
examination of their condition by the
Board of Health Inspectors.
The owners of these infected cattle knew
very well that the official inspectors would
Instantly kill all cows afflicted with tuber
culosis and so they sold the. sick animals.
By thus taking time by the forelock the
owners, so it is stated, have got fair prices
for cows the fate of which was already
sealed. This startling news set the mem
bers of the Board of Health thinking very
hard for a day or two, and they have all
come to the same conclusion — that imme
diate steps must be taken to stop this dan
gerous traffic in consumptive cows, and
also to institute legal proceedings against
all parties caught at it.
Dr. Henry H. Hart of the Board of
Realm was indignant yesterday when he
discussed the question. He branded the
traffic in tuberculous cattle as murder— the
meanest, most contemptible kind of mur
der, it was strong language, but it came
irom a physician .who knew what he was
saving.
'If these cows are being slaughtered
and sold for meat it is a terrible thing,"
he said. "It is monstrous. I intended to
consult with some members of the board
this morning about it, bat was prevented
by an urgent call. I snail, however, bring
the matter before the board to-morrow,
and more than likely some action will be
taken to put an end to this disgraceful
work.
"Suppose a dairyman is informed that
his cows are suffering from tuberculosis.
there is where a crime is batched at once
if the dairyman should sell them. It's a
crime when any one will sell cattle for food
knowing it to be diseased, the foulest kind
of a crime done in a secret way. For the
sake of a few dollars he makes, thousands
of people are exposed to the dangers of
eating meat full of the germs of consump
tion. Of course, some people are constitu
tionally strong enough to withstand it.
It's true the disease zerms are killed by
heat, but the heat of cooking meat is not
enough to kill the germ*. While the
germs are most likely killed in the well
done parts, they are alive in the rare por
tions. You may get them in the red,
juicy part of your steak.
''One tubercular cow in a band in time
will communicate the disease to the whole
band. Drinking at the same trough or
stream, eating with other cows quickly
spreads the disease.
'•If all boards of health throughout the
United States are as energetic as we I
think this thing of Germany refusing to
take American meat for fear of disease
will soon be a thing of the past. Disease
is being stamped out thoroughly and
effectively, and there is as good beef here
as anywhere in the world.* We are stamp
ing out disease as fast as we can, and it
won't be very long before everything will
be in complete working order w».h pure
food stations for the examination of food.
"It may seem rather hard to destroy
twenty or thirty, or more cows that suffer
from tuberculosis, hard on the dairyman;
but what is that compared to thousands
of human lives sacrificed by selling dis
eased meat or milk? in my opinion 75
per cent, if not more of the babies, have
died in large cities, and particularly in
infant asylums from tae milk of diseased
animals. -
"The people themselves ought to get up
in arms against any person or persons
known to sell meat that has been con
demned as diseased. In fact, the
people should patronize butchers that
they know would not do a thing of
that kind. It is deliberate murder. There
is no crime as great as that where a mur
der is committed in this secret way. If
you meet your assailant openly you can
defend yourself, but in this case you can't.
You are dimply eating your own poison in
the meat given you.
"I am under the impression, that there
is from 40 to 60 per cent of the dairy cows
diseased. I think that the dairymen are
perfectly honest and do not know that
their cows are diseased until a test is
made. All dairymen have a perfect right
to have a veterinary surgeon present dur
ing an examination by the Board of
Health. The board is only doing its duty
to the people, and its members are simply
carrying out their oath of office." '
Dr. J. M. Williamson will advocate
prompt and decisive action by the board
in regard to the sale of consumptive cows.
"In my opinion," he said yesterday,
"this matter should be dealt with rigor
ously. It is strongly possible that if cattle
of that stamp are sold for human food the
germs of consumption will reach the peo
ple, and if the one who eats this meat is
in a right condition for the deposition of
the genus in his system he is liable to be
afflicted with consumption.
••I think that any dairyman caught sell
ing diseased, tuberculous cattle to any
butcher who buys that meat and exposes
it for safe ought to be dealt with crimi
nally. Meat Inspectors now saturate con
demned meat with coal oil so toat it can
not be used . for food. It is well known
that condemned meat has been followed
, to the fertilizing works and taken back to
Chinatown to be sold for food. So it is ap
parent that an efficient force of inspectors
is necessary to watc » the food prepared
for consumption in the City.
"With an extremely limited force of in
spectors tnis thing A selling tuberculous
meat may be done for quite a long time
before being detected. It argues strongly
in tavor of an increased appropriation,
which we have'asked for to better protect
tee health of the City.
'I have been informed that a band of
5r y cattle n San Francisco were pri
vately inspected for tuberculosis and driven
over the line into San Mateo County. And
the milk from that consumptive band is
.now coming into San Francisco for sale.
1 could not ascertain to what dairy this
band belongs. We can't watch the county
line, of course, but with regard to killing
si.k cows anA selling them for food we j
shall do wliaSle <-an to put an end to iv"
TWO SHAKES DECIDED.
-. Becult of the Coursing at the Icgleside
> - . '- ■ Park Y*tat«rd»y. - ,
* Trie coursing at Ingleside :• yesterday
brought out a big crowd of leashmen, who |
enjoyed a fair day's aport. There were
two B:akes on the card, one for old dogs
and the other for puppies, the winner in
each event being trained by that compe
tent handler of greyhounds, Tommy Bien
nan, who has sent so many victors to the
slips.
Following is the result of the run-down
in the old-dog stake:
Villa kennel's Maud G beat J. Gn»elev*s
spring, 1. Butler's Susie beat Portal & Hagger
ty * Laorel jLeaf, P. Ryan'* Molly Bawn beat
»». Creamer's Captain Jim. C. Ryan's Sarcastic
beat Norm Beach kennel' s Yankee Jack, J. H.
Kosseter'« Aiameda beat C. Ry»n's Roya: Stag.
W. Kelly's Evening Star beat Cronin <fc
McDonald's Best Trump, D. Tweedie's Dabliu
Stout beat R. Dicksoi 's Highiand Laatie.
w. Perry's Coomassie beat C. Evans' Dasha
wav. J. PeriKo'4 Wee Las*ie beat P. Ryan 1 *
Magpie, D. Toland s Fireman beat S. Newman's
Bob Ingersoii. D. Leonard's Will 'o the Wisp
beat J. Baxter's Yankee Doodle, Villa kennel's
Electric beat Valley kennel's Gold King, D.
Tolana's Jack beat J. Elvers' Bright Eyes, V.
nilla's Happy Day bear Valley kennel's Lilian
Russell. J. Kerrigan'* Lrrd Clifton beat B. New
man's Charlie Boy, M. Tlerna.-'s Tom Hayes
beat W. Perry's Gee Whiz.
First tie*— Susie beat Maud G, Sarcastic beat
MolUe Bawn, Alamed* beat Evening Star,
Dublin Stout beat Coomisse, Fireci»a beat
Wee Lassie. Electric tx.u.'. Will 'o the Wisp,
Harpy Day beat Jack, Tom Hayes beat Lord
Clifton.
Second tie*— 6uaie bea: Sarcastic, Dublin Stoat
bea; Aiameda, EUeciric beat Fireman, Tom
Hayes beat Happy Day.
Tfc-.rd ties— Suale bea; Dublin Stout, Electric
beat Tom Hayes.
Final— Susie beat Electric.
The puppy stake waa run through as
follows:
W. J. Shields' Li'tle Brick beat T. Reillv's
San Pedro, M. Tlernans Belle of Moscow beat
H. Teener's Facit, Ford & Mahoney's Nelly
Gray beat Valley kennel's Hajei. Ford <fc Ma
houey's Trtnk beat J. Rock's Restless, James
Grace's Deceiver beat Valley kennel's Moun
tain D*isy, D. J. Healy's Move On beat J. Mo-
Cormici'* White Lily, Valley kennels Jimmy
Cork beat M. A. Peters' Lieutenant. Valley
kennel's Skylark bea: D. Cortin's NeKy Maner.
Fir*; ties— B«ile of Moscow beat Little Brick.
c Gray beat Turk, Deceiver beat Jimmy
Cork, skylark beat Move On.
ad ties — Beile of Moscow beat Nellie
Gray. Deceiver beat Skyiarit.
Final— Deceiver beat Belle of Moscow.
The drawing for next Sunday's coursing
will take place at Delta Hall on Thursday
evening next.
AN OLD-FASHIONED GAME
Oakland Ball-Players Defeat the
Californias in a Hard-
Hitting Contest
Local Men Do the Best Stick Work
and Make Fewer Errors, but
Are Shy on Rues,
There was a real old-fashioned game of
ball at the Folscm-street grounds yester
day afternoon. The new Californias and
the Oaklands participated and the way
they banged the ball about the lot was a
caution to amateur pitchers. The Cali
fornias did the most of the swatting and
made fewer errors than the Oaklands, but
were deficient in runs when the game was
over.
Sykes' batting waa the feature of the
game. Out of five timej at bat he made
three hits, two of which were three-bag
gers. Wilds also did well, securing a triple
and a single. For the Oakland^ Agnew
made a double and two singles out of five
chances, but strange to say be feiled to
score a run.
"Pudgy" Arlett carried off the palm as
a gatherer of tallies. He succeeded in
safely making the circuit no less than
lour times. Kuasell, Donovan. Hardie and
O'Xeiii made three each. Sykes scored
three times for the local men.
Although the Californias started off in
the iead. tne result of the game was never
in doubt after the third inning. The
score then stood 8 to 5 in tneir favor.
They added another to tneir total in the
fourth, four more in the fifth, one in the
sixth, four in the eighth and two in the
| ninth. The Califoruias finished well, send
inz five men across the rubber in the
seventh and four in the final inning, but
were five runs *by when the last man
was out.
Following is the official score:
OAKLAVD9. A.B. B. 18. SB. P.O. A. B.
Donovaa, 1 b 5 3 2 1 10 1 2
Hartiie. r. f 3 3 110 0 1
artttt, s. s. 5 4 I 2 s 2 l
CXeill, c f. 4 3 1 S 1 0 0
Keating, 2 b. 3 2 0 0 4 3 0
Agnew. i. t 5 0 3 110 0
Omvis, c 4 110620
Wooers. 3 b 3 10 0 12 1
Baaaeli. p. 4 3 10 14 0
Totals 88 30 10 7 27 14 5
Califoenias. A.B. X. 1& S-B. P.O. a. z.
McCarthy. L! 4 2 2 2 2 0 0
Mullee, p. <fc 1b.... 6 2 10 12 1
WU<is. i t>*r.f 5 2 3 0 9 0 1
Hanley. 2 tx. 6 110 3 2 0!
Buckley, c.l 5 12 12 0 0
BllUnss.s.B 4 1113 5 0
McCord,3tx. 5 111110
Peters. c 4 2 0 0-410
tea, r. f. A p 5 3 3 0 2 0 1
Totals 43 15 13 5 27 11 3
score IT I>-NIXQ«.
Oakland*. 1..4 0 4 14 10 4 2—20
California*. 5 0 0 0 0 15 0 4—15
Earned runs — 'Oakianls 2. California* 5.
Thr»«-baae bits — Sykes 2. McCarthy. Wilds.
Two-base- hie — Agnew.* Doable play — BiU
'.aes to Han ley to Wilds. Base on balls —
la. aria 13. California* 6. Base on error—
Oaldaods 5. California* 5- Left on bases—
Oakland* 6. California* 7. Paased ball— Peters 1.
Hi: by pitcher— Sykes 3. Mnllee 2, Russell 3.
< Struck oat— By Mnllee 3. Russell 8. Tim* of
game— 2 boors. Cmoir«— Donahue.
Presidio Park Game.
The game at the Presidio Park yester
day wound no in a disagreement, and was
awarded to the "Saturday Press* team by
a technical score of 9to 0. In the eighth
inning tie winners were well in the lead,
when "The Calls' .'captain protested a play,
and because his protest • was not allowed,
called bis men from the field.
Military Baseball.
A game of baseball played yesterday after
noon at the Midwinter Fair Grounds between a
team from Company A and a team . from Com
pany F of the First Infantry Regiment resulted
In a victory for Company F by a score of
9 to 5. . '
Company F will be willing to meet a team
from any other company in the National Guard
of California.
SAN FRANCISCOS WON.
They Played All Round the Stock-
ton Home Team Yesterday.
STOCKTON, Cax., July 26.— San Fran
cisco played all around the Stockton base
ball men Uwiay. The strong point of the
Sockton nine has been its fielding, but to
day the local men could not stop the ball
with a scoop-Met, while the visitors did
some of as pretty fie. ding as is seen on the
baseball field. Sweeney, who played at
third for San Francisco, made a jump for a
high drive in the seventh, and puiled it
down amid the cheers of the crow i.
There waa a good crowd at the game to
day, and it was willing to cheer for both
the visiting and home t«am when any good
work was done. In the seventh inning
there was a pretty double play by Stock
well,- Stockton's left-fielder, to Babe White
at second, and to Stewart at first.
It was a long drive to deep center, and
Stockwell scooped it in time.
The Stocktons' men hit Eber. but they
played in hard luck every time, while the
roor fieldine of the Stocktons permitted
the visitors to make many an unearn<>d
run. Pace, the Stocktons' catcher, did
some good work with the stick as usual.
and De Costa pitched good ball. Had he
received any sort ot suppo~t the score
would bare told a different story. Follow
ing is the score by innings:
Stoc*:on* 4 00001000—6
S»n Fr»ncl*coa » 3 0 110 10 •— lO
:. Loans on diamonds. ' Interest * low. .' At Cacl«
Harris* 15 Grant avt&a» -
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, 31ONDAY, JULY 27, 1896.
CUTTING CLOSE TO
TARGET CENTERS.
Shell Mound Range Alive
With Sharpshooters
Yesterday.
LIEUT. HTJBEE'S SCORE.
German Clubs Hold Their Bulls
eye and Monthly Medal
Contests.
JACOBSON AGAIN BEATS CABB.
F. E. Mason of the Columbias Makes
a Fine Practice Run— Sma 1
Arms Are Popular.
There were a number of interesting
•vents at Captain Siebe's Shell Mound
"ifle range yesterday, and for all the high
rind blowing in from the bay and the
O. A. Bremer. a Member of the Colombia I-istol and Rifle Clnb, and One of the
Best- Known Marksmen on the Coast.
light, which was a little uncertain at
times, some fine scores were made. How
ard Carr was on the ranee with a fine 30
--catiber Winchester magazine rifle" of the
latest pattern, which taiesthenew smoke
less cartridge.
He was experimenting with a telescope ;
attachment, and despite all that has been !
stated about the new srr.ekeiessamrauni- '
tion carrying the steel- jacce ted and the i
"soft-nosed" bullets being inaccurate on [
the 200-yard ranges, Carr made some ve-y
rretty patterns on the Columbia target.
He also used Dlack powder, but the n.tro :
proved its equal for accuracy and the
speed and penetration were much greater.
While many are loth to part with the o;d
black powaer, their decision as to mer is ta
due more to prejudice than actual tens
and experiments.
For an hour or so there was consider- !
able interest manifest in a fifty-shot 22- i
caliber rifle match between E. Jacobson j
and Smith Carr for a small purse. The
shooting was on the Columbia target, fifty
yards, off and. Several weeks ago these I
two sharpshooters met and Jacobson i
won. He gave Carr a return match,
and when they met yesterday each was
determined to win. Jacobson proved the
'Uperior of the two. He won by a score of
121 to Carr's 144. By Creedmore count
Jacobson's score was 229.
One of the happiest marksmen on the
pistol range was A. H. Pape. While
shooting in the Bland ing medal match he
broke all previous pistol records with a !
•core of 1, 2, I—L1 — L In other words, two of I
his bclWs punctured the inch center and j
the other shot was less than half an inch I
from the center. This puts him ahead of
Daisa in the ten best scores. In the ten
best scores Pape stands 77, Dai«s S2 and •
Gorman yesterday pulled ahead to S3.
Yesterday' s records show the following i
to have made the most flags (or one-inch
centers) during the month: Pistol—Gor
man 4, Pape 3, Young 2, Dais? 2. Rirlfe,
22 caliber— flovey 16, Jacobson 6. Mrs.
Crar.e L Target rifle, Unfred mclal— •
Young 1, Dr. Rodgers 1, Utschig 1. These i
flags or centers entilie the marksmen to '
the cash prizes in each match stated.
On the 200-yard range the Columbia's
members did considerable practicing, but
only a few record scores were made. F. E.
Mason ran up a practice str.ng of such
merit that it was a pity it was not on a
record match. His nits were 1, 5, 5, 6, 2, 4,
3, 4. 8, 3, total 41, which is a score'that is
hard to beat. The records on the Coium
| bia target were as follows:
Cnfred diamond medal, three shots— Dr L.
O. Rodgers 4, 5, 1—10; J. 'Cnfred" 12, F.'o
Youn? 18-
Rifle record medal, ten shot*— F. O. Youn* 3
8, 6. 4. 8. 4, 9, 8, 2, 4-56: Dr. L. O Rodzer, 62*
F. E. Maaon 65, P. Bohr 69, A. B. Dowell 70.
On the short range, fifty yards, the revol
ver, pistol and small rifle snarps were con
gregated nearly ail day. Many scores
were shot on the Blanding pistol medal
match. The scores for the three styles of
arms were as follows:
Pistol, Blanding medal, three shots, open to
ail comers— A. H. Pape 1. 2, I—4.1 — 4. J. £. Gor
man 1, 5, 1—7. C. M. Dalss 5, 1, 4—lo. F O
Young 3, 5. 6—14.
Pocket revolver. Carr medal, five shots— M
J. White 5. 4, 10, 7, 8-34.
Revolver trophy.all ec mere, match six shots
M. J.White 10. 8. 14. 8, 7. 5—5.:. A. H. Pape 53
With 22-caliber rifle, ail comers, me.ia», five
•hot*— E. Jacobson 2. 2, 1, 3, 2—lo. £d Hover
1, 3, 2. 4, I—ll
Ladies 22-caliber rifle, Glindem&nn trophy
ten shots— Mrs. M. J. White 2, 3, 2, 3, 5. 7. 9, b
4. 6— US.
The German sharpshooters were greatly
interested in two buiiseye events, and all
day the members of the Saa Francisco
Schuetzen Verem and the Germania
Schuetzen Club were busy trying to knock
down the small black six-inch disks.
The Sao Francisco Scnueuen Ver&ii'a
prize-winners and their points according
to the measuring machine were as follows:
First prize, F. P. Schuster. 382 points: sec
ond. J. C. Waller, 433: third, J. Laakenau.
493; fourth, C. Thierbaeb.ss9: fifth, J.Utchlr,
579; sixth, H,Zecker, 666; seventh, H. Hell
berg. 650: eighth, F. Koch, 720; ninth, D. B.
Faktor, 7*B; tenth. Danker, 803; eleventh,
H. Huber. 329; twelfth, L. X. Ritzaa, 815;
thirteenth, A. H- Papc, 873; fourteenth, A.
Lang, 915; fifteenth, W . Ehrenpfort, 939; «ix
teenth, L. H«ate, 950; seventeenth. K. Ahrens,
980; eighteenth, F. J. met, 1050; nineteenth,
J. D. Heiee. 1070; twentieth, RrStelllng, 1079.
The Gefmania Schuetzen Club's prize
winners and their points were:
First prize. L. >'• Retzau. 251 point*; sec
ond, D. B. Fafctor. 861: third, L. Haake, 620;
fourth. C. Nobmaan, 622; fifth, J. D. HeUe,
631; sixth, N. Ahrens, 612; seventh. L. Ben
del, 827; eighth, A. Mocker, 863; ninth, J.
Tiedexaann, 567.
The attendance at the Noni Deutscher
Schuetzen Club's monthly class medal
shoot was up to the average, and some
very good records were made. The class
winners and their scores, twenty shots,
German ring tarjret, were as follows:
C hampion class— William Glindemann,' 428,
First class— Herman Hnber. 403.
Second class— J. D. Heise. 361.
Third class— Schinkel. 335.
Fourth class— A. F. Meyer, 308.
Best first shot. H. Huber. 25. Beat last shot,
J. Lankenau. 23.
The attendance of the military marks
men was fair. In Company I Lieutenant
Huber made a remarkable ran of 47 out of
50, and even his three fours were so close
to the black that a small variation would
have put him in the top notch. The
scores were as follows :
Company I, monthly medal shoot—Lieuten
ant Huber 47. Sergeant Sneahan 42, Sergeant
Moore 43, Captain Martin 43. Corporal Stnp
pel 45, Lieutenant Tobin 48, Dies 29, Parson
39, Ryan 34, Corporal Ah 1 born 34. Sandland
34, Sergeant O. F. Haber 37, Caro 34, Captain
Riehter39, Sergeant Lemeteyer 38. Corporal
Golly 44. Corporal Gillis 44, Powers 35, Cor
poral Buckinz 39, Otten 44.
Knights of the Red Branch Rifles'
monthly medal shoot:
Lieutenant Mannix 36, F. W. Hannon 28, M.
Ganl 39, P. P. Green 27, Sergeant D. Ru*seU36,
P. Keaney 13. M. Kayanacb 26, J. J. Rodger
son 42, James ?mlth 42. J. J- Ixicgbery 16, D.
Murphy 30. 8. O'Connor 16, J. D. Loajtbery 36,
Jonn Fay 35, Lieutenant M. Casey 34. J. Ho
gan 33,' P. McKeone 36, John Tracy 41, P. J.
Marron 13. James Hayes 14. J. Mnrpny 21,
John T. Tynan 25. P. J. Halligan 13.
■ Swiss Sharpshooters.
Following are the names of the con
testants making the best scores in the
monthly shoot of the Swiss Rifle Club,
held yesterday at Harbor View: X. Dtet
heltc* P. H. Giannini. James Bachman,
George F.Cavalli,J. Frei, F. Baumgart
ner. A. yon Wvll. Joseph Fetz Jr. ; :
In the medal shooting F. Baumeartner,
first class, scored 420; >". Deithelm, second
class, 402; G. R. Hauser, third class, 360.
ATTACKED BY A BIG BEAR
Charles J. Collins Has a Start
ling Experience Near
Pieta.
He Shot Bruin From a Tree and Was
Knocked Senseless by the
Beast
A letter has been received from Charles
J. Collins, telling of his encounter with a !
bear ■> while hunting deer in " the canyons •
near Pieta. as follows :
On Wednesday I started out on a deer hunt
with a few friends. The Vassar accom
panied ■ as, and their dog* soon got on the
track of deer. We killed some does, and on
the return home th- hunters discovered the
tracks of a bear, wnich the d gs followed.
Bruin was discovered hidden away In a
ledge of rocks, and tne dogs giving him a hard
chase, he found refuse in a tree. I happened
to be near at hand when the don forced Mr.
Bear to seek safety in the forks of a redwood,
and, of course. 1 wa* anxious to distinguish
myself as a second D-ivy Crockett. ZrWufipns
' Having :horoc«;nly tested the shooting quali
ties or my Winchester, 1 determine! to make
that old bear sick by filling his shaggy carcsss
! full of lead. Taking deliberate aim at hi* eye
—which, as you know, is me only spot I shoot
at when hunting lartre and treacnerocs game,
I fired and down rolled the black rascal appar
ently as dead as a mackerel.
You have not tue remotest idea of how I felt
when I -aw my game land up against a rock
without a kick. Intact I actually considered
that my record was established as a bear
hu'iter. I was as proud as a Golden Gate pea
; cock and lost no time in yanking from my
i scabbard that treacherous-looking hunting
| knife which job were so anxious to. know
j what I proposed doing with on mv hunting
\ expeditlon.3ri>BMpßMNfPW . / _. ■
v Well. I walked op to rhat old black rascal,
feeling that I could "do" him any now, dead
or alive. The in«Unt I stuck the steel into his
neck Mr. Black, who was only stunned by the
bullet, raised up on his hind feet and, as quick
as a flash, he landed an uppercu: on my neck
which sent me folly five yards down the gulch.
When lr covrred my equilibrium Mr. Bear
and the dogs were having a rough-and-tumble
contest at my feet, and before I could realize
j what was going on I received the worst smash
i of all— a right eonnter in the ribs, which blow
doubled me up like a iackknife. I was com
pletely done ud. and I eue»s that my name
would have been McGinnis instead of Coiiin
had it not been for. the timely arrival of 1 the
huuters, who quickly dispatched Mr. Bruin. ,
The bear • weighed • 450 pounds, and I am
more : than -pleased, althouen. still suftVrlt.g
: from the attack; that 1- am alive and able to
' writ* yon this ;.. interesting account of my
■ hunting experiences in -t s c renowned bear
I and rattlesnake regions of the Pieta. Yon and
! friends can , prepare for tome nice bearsteaks
| to-morrow. ■' . '«•»-.■
Last winter is* said to have been the
coldest on record in Egypt.-
NO WOMEN ARE
WANTED THERE.
Offending Sign Board on a
Downtown Lodg
ing- House.
LADIES AEE INDIGNANT.
Miss Mary Hay Says Women
Should Not Be Discrimi
nated Agairst.
DECLABES THEM NUISANCES.
Mrs- Emma Sweet Says Lady Ten*
ants Take Too Many Liberties
About a House.
"No rooms rented to women" is the un
gallant legend emblazoned in black letter
ing on a huge yellow sign which adorns
the front of a recently refitted lodging
house on Montgomery street above Bush.
The fair sex do not like that sign. They
glance at it superciliously as they trudge
along ou the opposite side of the street and
more than one lady bachelor has commit
ted herself to the extent of saying it was
"too mean for anything."
For the sisn is an indication of an un
welcome atate of facts. The hitherto
gallant metropolis ot the West is taking
on the customs of the effete East, and
proprietors are beginning to discrimi
nate against the ladies. Tbe Mcn;«omery
street house is not the nr»: to establish
such a rule. More pretentious hostelries
in the more fashionable carts of town have
lone since adopted the strict. v masculine
rule, but they have done so in a meek,
apologetic sort of a way that has incited
contempt rather than animosity.
The Montgomery-street house is the tint
to dine forth bo'.diy the gage of battle,
and now the ladies propose to look into
thi* matter some, and see whether or no
they are to be discriminated against at
the boarding house as well as at the ballot
box.
Mrs. Nellie Holbrook Blinn. when told
of the tira'dity of the downtown lod^ing
honse keepers, said that such a rule would
probably result in trouble for some one.
"1 have long known that women bad
trouble getting desirable quarters
here," she said. "I have a
friend, a widow of mosr estim
able character, who started out to
seek lodgings. She was very rnucb to-
I noyed by the persistent questioning of tbe
i proprietresses, and she almost despaired
of hnding a room. Being like C
wife, above suspicion, the inquires of the !
lodgine-housf keepers were inexplicable to
her. Perhaps a few letters of recommen
dation would have male tbe matter all
right, but she certainly had a most un
comfortable time of it."
Mis* Mary Hay, National organiser of
the suffrage society, expressed the opinion
that the d:«crimir.a:ion was unkind and
nnjast. "Women may be a trifle more
particular than an<?n.'"' she said. "They
naturally would be, for they understand
what housekeeoing n. and would probably
demand tha: toings be conducted right, i
Women alone in a lodging-hou-e might, j
too, demand favors w- ich men would not I
ask. Dut wbai are we here for if ir ;s not to
aid one another? Ido not believe women
' are sufficiently 'fussy' and disagreeable as
I tenants to warrant any lodging-nouse
: keeper in ruling against th a m."
Mrs. Emma Sweet, private secretary for
Susan B Anthony, declared that there
was nothing about the Montgomery-street j
lodging-house aim which made her blood |
boil. "In New York unless a woman has
the marks of Metbusaleh upon Ler,"' she
declared, "it is next to impossible
for her to get a room, and even then
lit is no easy matter. Women are
1 a nuisance about a lodging-house.
They want to borrow a natiron, then they
wish to use the laundry: they ut: : •
j kitchen stove, and tsice liberties with : he
i sewing-machine. All these things are an
annoyance to a landlady, and I do not
I wonder they prefer men, who, as a usual
j thine, can pay more and demand le*s."
Mrs. Sweet recounted an interesting ex
perience ot her girlhood days in Roches -
i ter, New York, where only by the influ
ence ( f tne utmost persuasion ahe was
able to get a room in a desirable family.
The proprietor of the offending house
declares that, beine a single man, he is
very partial to ladies, but desinne to keep
j his bouse in good repute he did not care
< to take upon himself the task of passing
upon the moral attributes of lady ten
nants. He express d profound ignorance of
their being nuisances about a house.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
Ryan and Kodfrn Defeat Mc»itl and
McDonald, Which Decide* a Long
standing Dispute. ~
. Handball was booming yesterday, the
courts being crowded. At the San Fran
cisco court a match that excited the great
est interest was played between Phil Ryan,
the proprietor of the court, and D. Rodg
ers against M. McNeil! and M. McDonald.
There had been a long-standing dispute as
to which was the better team, and yester
day was settled upon to decide the matter.
The match was won by Ryan and Rodgers
after some brilliant playing on both (ides.
Ryan had the wisdom to spend Friday
and Saturday in Maria County, and the
pure ozone of Tocaloma and Nicasio had
a wonderful effect upon him. McNeill
trained 0:1 French dinners, and before the '
match was half through he felt sorry for !
it and promised his backers that he would
never do it again.
P. T. Donnelly, the amateur champion,
and D. Connelly defeated G. Hutchinson
I and P. Kelly, after an exciting struggle. . ,
At the Union Court the event ot the day
'■■ was a match between J. Hariow, the ex
coast champion, and Al Pennoyer and J.
iJ. Feeney and M. J. Dillon. Itwaaaereat
! game and was won by Feeney and Dillon
in a close finish, chiefly- owing to the
splendid service . of Dillon. .Terry Mc-
Manus ana Tim Sullivan played a rattling
j game against Tim Jordan and P. .J.
■ O'Brien and won, with several aces to
i spare.
Following were the games played in the
courts:
San Francisco Court— M. cKeiU and M. Me
! Donald were defeated ty D. Rodgers and .P.
' Ryan, 21—15. IT— 21—19 16-21, 21-9. P.
Ryan and D. Rodgers defeated W. Manion and
5. McDonald. 21-14. 16-21, 21— 15.
i M Edward* and U. Mahan defeated W. Mo
Clure and W. Stansbnry. 21—14. 17—21, 21—20.
J. Collins and M. Edwards defeated ~ R.
Mnrpny and J. White. 21— 14. 16—21, 21—13.
T. Regan an 1 J. McCarthy defeated J. Welch
and T. Quinn, 21—14. 17-21. 21— 2 aB.
I Crane and J. O'Brien defeated T. Quinn and R.
Rudolph, 21—12. 15—21, 21—19. P. Hutchin
ion and Al ; Pennoyer defeated W. Kelly acd
IJ. Me Eve .v. 21— 16: 18—21. 21—20. V. T.
! Donn--i y amaeur champion,- ana D. •Con
: nelly deieated G. HntcMnson and P. Kelly,
21—12,14—21,21—19. „.
Union conrt— William P. - Doran and W.
Heffernan defeated James Galvin and J. Nich
olson. 21-1 i, 16-21; 21-20. Jame* O'Donneil
; and J. Ho «ard defeated, George McGnire and
j J. 21-13, 15-21, 21-8. "Profeasor
Ly nch , ai.d : O. , Hendry v defeated ! J. Free-
I man and William Bowan. 21-17, 15-21. 21-11.
i Wm. McManus and i. E«a&ed j defeated Wo.
Leonard: and O. Rowan, 21-13, 16-21. 21-6.
William Eehoe and J. McUrath defeated D-
Ryan and J. Kelly, 21— 16. 15—21, 21—
Tim Sullivan : and T. McManus defeated Tim
Jordan and P. J. O'Brien, 21— 17. 14—21,
21— 12. 4 J. Canavan and P. T. E. Wilier de
feated Tom Howard and L. Conlon, 21—19,
16—21, 21—5. J. J. Feeney and M. J. Dillon
defeated James Harlow, ex-coast ' champion,
and Ai Pennoyer, IS— 2l, Xl— 21— 19,
17—21,21—13.
The tournament for the General J. G.
Wall medals continued at the Occidental
court yesterday and drew a large crowd of
spectators. The men were very evenly
matched, and as a result there were some
exciting finishes.
In the first class Richard Linehan used
cis overhand swipe to advantage against
John Purceli and won by 51 — The
other games were. all in the third and
fourth classes and resulted as follows:
Ben Clements defeated the German cham
pion, P. H. Goessel. 51—4?: W. O'Connor
defeated E. Lydon, 51— F. Hayn's de
feated H. J. McNevin. 51— 45; Dr. Ed E.
Hill defeated A. C. Bauer, 51— 17; D. E.
Condon defeated Jo* McKenna, 51— 40; W.
Cronan defeated J. A. Baxter, 51 —
BOHEMIAS WIN
The Alameda Cricket Eleven Defeated
by Over Sixty Eon* at
Alanieda.
There was only. one, cricket match for
the Hunter-Harrison cup played yester
day. It was between the Alameda and ;
Bohemian. clubs, was played at Alameda
and resulted in a victory for the . Bo
hemians by 63 runs on the final innings.
Captain Hogue of the Alamedas won
the toss and sent his opponents in.
Thanks principally to the bowling ,of
Sloman, the scoring was anything but
rapid or formidable, and bad it not been
for the ever invincible William Robertson,
who put up 57 with his wonted noncha
lance, the side would have made no show- ;
in at all. As it was, the total reached
only So and things looked favorable for the <
Alamedas.
Bat the uncertainty of the game is pro
verbial. As with the bat, so with, the ball
the Bohemian chief did deadly havoc.
Not one Alameda man attained double
figures, and the entire side was dismissed
for 22 runs. ' The bowling analysis tells
the story * more . graphically than could
columns of words.
Following on, the Alamedas, thanks to
Hood, made a more respectable record,
but the 96 rens compiled did not affect the
result— much in favor of their foes.
Following are the full scores:
BOEDIU.Vt. ,
D Bownill ran out. 0
s*. B. .Martin I. b. w. b. Ward Jr. 8
J. J. Moriarty b. sloman 10 j
W. Robertson c. Peel b. Slomaa ...........57
L. W. Potter b. Ward Jr. 1 j
G. Pollock h. £loman 4 j
A. W. Luzz b. :slom»n ._ 0 !
W. Beeves c. Hogne b. Slomaa 2
H. H. Cooitson b. Ward Jr. ;.r... 0
A. G. Shrasb. run oat 0
\V. Mclndoenot 0at...... 1
Extras.". .„ »
T0ta1....... is
BOWIXSTS ATALTSIS.
Bails. Ban*. Maidens. Wickets.
Ward Jr.. ...... 131 62 2 3
Sioman. 127 28 5 5
ALAMIDAS— FIBST I2TS7XGS.
R. B. Uograe b. Robertson 4
F. S. Price b. Robertson 2
C. Gardner b. Robertson 0
E_ Hool c Be«vfri b. Coot son... O
E. O. - oroan b. Bobertsoa 3
E. T. Randall b. Cookson. ; ..^ 3
H. Ward p. c. Robertson b. C00e50n....... 0
J. J. R. Peel c. Lugs b. Robertson 0
H. Bird, not out : 9
H. \V»rd Sr. b. Cookson.. ....„.„ 0
■i. Lawrence st. Martin b. Roberuon 0
Extra* 1
Total 22
SOWIISP, AX ALT? It.
Balls. Bans. Maiden*. Wickets.
Robertson .... 40 11 2 6
Cookaon 36 10 0 4
AUMF.I)*S-«ECOSD 000*1 -
Gardner, c Martin, b. Cookson. 3
Slomaa, b. Kobcrtson .•............:...... 1
Hood, b. Roberwon ...49
Randall, b. Coo* s«n *. ..• »^.... 3
Ward Jr.. U. . ot:^r :.Z... .". • 5
Bird, c. R«b«frt.^on. b. Pollock... 9
Hosne. b. Kobertson. 11
Price, c Morlartj-, b. Robertson^.. ............... 5
PeeL b. Robertson .%....' ...» 0
Ward Sr.. b. Uob^nson. 1
Lawrence, not 0ut............ 1
Extras..... 9
Total.. .96
BOWLISS A ALT SIS.
Balls. Bans. Maidens. Wicket*
Robertson S3 8 4 6
Cookson.. 48 21 2 2
Potter. 24 18 0 1
Pollock 24 22 0 1
Bowhiii 12 12 0 0
Moriartr.. ...... 12 6 0 0
In summer the consumption of bread
falls 20 per cent below the amount eaten in
winter.
<^"^™^^™™^ EEL a joyousness, a
~% f mm "^. 1 great gladness in every
» I W% I 1 bone, muse c and fiber
4 . lav i ■■ of your body. How?
. I _^ I By cleansing the blood
*^B^> ■&S«^ P the stomach. liver.kid-
J^^^"^4^^r^ neys and bowels. You
■a can do this with the
"jL -j^^^i^^**^- hestherbrejnedyman-
' — -"' L ufactnred. It is Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla. "When you swal-
low Joy's you find it palatable; when it
does its work you find it pleasant, agree-
able. You will be cured of habitual con-
stipation and in fact any b -we! disorder if
you use Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla
moderately.
*M»j/T?teto_
P^^^ - IIJL_ IBIU Mil, jotimm. fflriH -iMIL M
I SIGNATURE } £y^*^i^^ ?
k) CA^ c^^ printed in y I
} BLUE, diagonally J^rfaT' -SU*^ ©
i across the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle of©
fl||^BP l VH^ a^ aa^HH^^mHflHiL^^^^^HHßoK^^^H|^^^p^^^^^^^^BM^^Hi^^HSß**BL***H
> HiHSwdyUiUUiAfiaKilBHHH •
The Original and Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a further pro- f
| tection against all imitations. - *i
> Agents for the United State,, JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS , N. Y. •
* THE CLEANER 'TIS. THE COSIER 'TIS.
WHAT IS HOME WITHOUT
SAPOLIO
HEW TO-SAT.
MOSDAY, Jcxt 27, 1896.
Those
Hose
We are selling
to-day at 20c — people natur-
ally ask "WHY"— why! sell
i 35c hose at 20c?
Solely as an advertise-
ment. We think we can
1 afford to charge the loss on
one day's sales to the adver-
; tising account. If you buy
anything else when in the
j store — that's your fault.
I For To-day (Monday) ONLY:
Ladies' Fast Bla k Lisle Thread Hose, double
feet hlgb-s^lced hee s. a!! sizes, at 20c
Mail orders filled.
To-morrow 35c. Another
attractive 'special" here,
though.
Kohlberg, Strauss & Frohman.
107-109 Post, or. Kearny.
1220-1224 Market at:
HOTEL EMPIRE,
FIBE.PBOOP. ... *
Grand Boulevard and 63d St- West,
NEW YORK. .
100 tingle noma. 100 room, with lathi,
200 suites, 2to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
10 minutafrom buriiustemd theatrical centre*.
Overlooking Central Park and th« Hadion EiTer>
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A minne end tercice vnequaSed OTtytchere in
" America.
Ptfsecgers crowing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or 9th aye. ■ L" to 68th st.. or Broadway cable
cars to hotel. Boulevard can passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minntea. European
plan. $1 up. American plan, S3 op. Most com-
pletely nipped and most liberally managed hotel
to New TcrtTT W. JOHNSON QUECf, MgT.
WIL NOBIA, Propr.
<yX V.BS FA//. Oq
DOCTOR SWEANY
* The indiscretions of yonth, the excesses
< I of indulgence, the misery that is inherited
■■ — three things that are responsible for
; nine-tenths of tne ills of — have been
the life-long study ot tnis eminent special-
' ist. He number* his cares by the thou-
\ sands. Every hamlet on the Pacific Coast
has a living testimonial to his knowledge
I and sKill, and & single failure has yet to
be reported. Sexual and Seminal Weak-
ness, Lost Manhood, Night Emissions,
Exhausting Drains, Gleet, Gonorrhea,
Stricture, Syphilis, Kidney, Bladder, Blood
and Skin Diseases promptly and perma-
nently cured. Write if you- cannot call.
Mail treatment entirely successful. .Fri-
I day afternoons he treats, free, the poor.
! I Office hours : 9a.m.to 12 m.. 2to 5 and 7
jto 8 p. m. Sundays 10 a. m. to 12 m. only.
•F. L S WEAN I, II P., T37 Market St.,
. L. OllLnll I, m. U., s&n Francisco, Cai.
■ #*RNYS\
. THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAM IS 3
' J. toot eyes and at ems to Spectacles and £?•»
l al***«* wlta instrument* of hiM own inventiox^
wt««e»nperlortyr Laa ■» tMea eq-aaioi Jty »**<
rwliii been ana to Ute menu W 07 was*.
OSicm Hour*— Li ta *p. m. - ■
— ■ ■ - - • • ■ •
COSMOPOLITAN.
Opposite V. S. Hint, 100 and 103 FlfUa si. <ua
> rac Cisco, Cai Toe moss aaiact tacailr aocal ta
tbe city. Board aai room, fl, *1 23 aod II jj Me
Cay aocormac laroom. M«aU Ms B&»taa,-*i*
ana 7So a day. " eoaco to aa»i troo» la* bnh.
Look tor Ui» coaob oeanaj ih* oaco» of * laa <<-*+
, 45 SHOTWELL ST.^JEIR FOURTEHTH.
MODEB> HOrSE, 8 ROOMS AND BATH. IN
first-class order, with stable; suitable for Pny-
i ; stcian. Apply to G. H. TJMB>iLS * CO.,
' - 1* Montgomery street.
56
$be r (fall
CHARLES M. SKORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor. *
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Cat.t.. one week, by carrier.. »0.
Dally add Sunday Call, on* year, by mall — 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, nix months, by mall., 00
Dally and Sunday Calx, three month* by mall 1.60
Dally an« Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .06
buaday Call, one year, by mail 1-&0
WiIXXLy Call, one year, by ma 11.... 1-60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going- to lbs country on a vacation T If
»©, It li no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your Address. Do not let It miss you for yon will
tnlM It. Order* fivcn to tb» carrier or left at
Business Office will rwi'lve prompt Attention.
NO EXTRA CIUKOIi.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
JO Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lßßß
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
017 Clay Street.
' Telephone .Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
8:30 o'clock.
839 Hay street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lark! a street; open until 9:30 O'clock.
■V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
catll 9 o'clock.
* 2818 Mission street; open natll 0 o'clock.
UK MmLbtreet; open until 9 O'clock.
R OAKLAND OFFICE I
808 Broadway.
. EASTERN OFFICE:
Boon™ 81 and 33, 34 Park. Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOUTZ. Special A cent. ,
MONDAY *. JULY 27; 1898
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOB PRESIDENT-
WILLIAM HcKIHLET, or Oblo
rOE TICF-PKESXDKNT-
GARRET A. HOBART, or New Jersey
ELECTION NOVEMBER 3. 1896.
"Is this a nomination I see before me,"
says Watson, "or a dream?"
If the Populists vote at all this year
they will have to vote for spite.
If Bryan really does not want that nomi
nation he had better send it to Grover for
bait.
The Populist ratification meetings are
eoing to be among the liveliest humors of
the season.
Sewall will have to stand, for the simple
reason that he cannot sit down after the
Populist kick.
Now is the time for alert Republicans to
begin to hunt up the laggards and make
them register.
The Democratic donkey has the satis
faction of knowing he kicked the Populist
cart sky-high anyhow.
Many an old war Democrat will support
McKinley and oppose anarchy as bravely
as he opposed disunion.
The free coinage of campaign literature
is going rapidly on upon a ratio of pampn
lels to the voter of about 1G to 1.
If the goldbug Democrats will now get
together and give their exhibition the
campaign will take rank as the gayest on
record.
Don Cameron's piatform is terse and
businesslike. He says: "I shall vote for
McKinley. lam for free silver, but I'm
not a fool."
The Populists will now have to make a
strong fignt for their State and Congres
sional tickets. If they lose them they are
gone coons.
Senator Daniel of Virginia is on his way
to Europe. He indorses Mr. Bryan of
course, but evidently prefers to let some
one else work for him.
If conservative Democrats do not like to
join Republican clubs they ought to or
jranize clubs of their own and work for
business and prosperity.
By way of beginning tbe amenities of
the campaign, a Gold Democrat in New
York suggests that the Chicago nomina
tion should ba called the pickpocket ticket.
Bryan's statement: "There will be no
sign up to keep off the grass when I am
President," in being widely quoted in the
East, and will probably capture Coxey's
army to a man.
Business men who are uniting for the
prosperity of the Nation should unite also
for the prosperity of the City. Let us
make it this year a clean sweep for good
government all alone the line.
What was done in the Populist Conven
tion will not have much effect on the cam
paign, but as a matter of passing curiosity
a good many people would like to know
how it happened to be done that way.
in writing of the St. Louis Convention,
several English papers referred toßt. Louis
as a city in Massachusetts, and now both
the city and the State are denouncing
British ignorance as if It were an insult.
Professor William G. Sumner of Yale,
the noted freetrader, who has long been a
pillar of strength to New England Demo
crats, has turned his back on the Bryan
crowd, and is reported to have said the
action at Chicago was a suicide caused by
insanity.
The only danger that now confronts the
business of the country is the tendency
among business men (0 be too sanguine of
the election of McKinley. These people
should remember that all discontented
persons are for Bryan and that all of them
will vole.
British opinion is now so favorable to
arbitration with America, there can be
no question an international agreement
in favor of bimetallism could be reached
if we on onr side would intrust the matter
loconsenrative statesmen instead of ex
tremists.
It is believed that Gorman hopes to be
come the actual, if not the nominal, head
of the Democratic executive committee,
and the argument is that while he is not
very eager to elect anybody there are a
stood many little foes in the party whom
he wishes to make sure of killing.
It is assorted that when Bryan was a
member of Congress he obtained for the
Lincoln postoffice a passenger elevator.
When this was erected it bad on Us front
a German silver plate whicn had engraved
upon it: "This elevator was secured by
Congressman William J. Bryan." To that
extent, therefore, is Bryan's name re
corded as a practical statesman*
REPUBLICAN VICTORY.
The assurance ot a sweeping Republican
victory in this year's election which pos
sessed the public mind two months ago
has been made more certain by the re-
Bults of tne recent conventions. If the
condition of the Democratic party was
desperate before its convention met, it is
now pitiable. Never since tbe nomination
of Greeley has it been so divided iv its
councils or no untrue to its statesmen and
its principles. Abandoned by its thought
ful and consistent adherents and abandon
ing tbe only leaders who have achieved its
victories in the National and State elec
tions of tbe last thirty years, it has no
reason left for existence nor right to suc
cess.
Tbe Populist party by the follies of the
past few days has so enmeshed itself in
dilemmas, and so entangled itself with
Democracy, that its defeat is equally as
sured. It has stultified its past in the
nomination of a Democrat, who lias al
ready refused to stand upon its platform,
and by so doing it has abandoned the very
principles which gave it birth, if Popu
lism is not tbe party of extreme paternal
ism it is nothing. Its prophet and its
priest was Edward Bellamy, and its later
apostles bave been the advocates of Gov
ernment control over the great agencies
of production and trade.
These doctrines are the extreme an
titheses of Democracy and Bryan as a
Democrat cannot adopt them without
treason to the chief tenet of the Demo
cratic party. The result is self evident.
In the indorsement of a candidate who
does not indorse it the Pooulist party has
invited defeat in the first National cam
paign wherein it had a hope or chance of
success.
In order to make disaster more certain,
both for itself and for the Democrats, the
Populist party repudiated the running
mate of Bryau and named a Vice-Presi
dential candidate of its own.
This of necessity divides the vote for
Bryan, as well as for Bewail and Watson,
in every State and thus insures Repub
lican electors in each doubtful one at
least. It also furnishes a reasonable hope
of Republican success in the South and
makes such great States as New York,
Illinois and Indiana no longer doubtful.
The consequence is easily foreseen. Tbe
thoughtful and order-loving people of tbe
Nation are turning to the Republican
party as their only means of escape from
the evils of depression and distress into
wbich the Democratic blundering of the
past three years has plunged the country.
They will no more trust the Populists
with the keeping of tbe Republic's order
a rid honor than they would have trusted
the Democrats again. They will vote for
a change to the patriotism, protection and
prosperity of Republican rule. It is this
growing feeling which makes more cer
tain every day the election of McKinley
and the triumph of the principles of na
tional honor and duty which he repre
sents.
THAT "CROWN OF THORNS."
The crown of thorns wbich Bryan said
should not be placed upon the brow of
labor now ornaments the bowed head of
Populism, and in a little while it will be
jammed down to tne eyes and ears. Poor
betrayed Populism ! Let it sing :
It is so soon that 1 am done for,
I wonder what 1 was brgun for.
The Populist National Committee is
clothed with almost plenary power,
and it is dominated by Bryan's
professional tricksters and manipula
tors. Naturally the next move will
be to withdraw Watson and leave the
field clear to the Maine National banker
and oppressor of labor. Already Bryan's
managers are claiming that tbe Populist
Convention thrust the nomination upon
him, and consequently he is that party's
candidate without pledge or promise of
any sort, so far as the platform is con
cerned. Then, if that be so, what was the
sense of formulating a declaration of prin
ciples?
The fact is, the Populist United States
Senator from Nebraska, William V. Allen,
manipulated with treacherous intent the
most diabolical conspiracy against the
members of his own political household
that ever disgraced a party organization.
No doubt tbe majority of the delegates
went to St. Louis filled with honest desire
to formulate a platform and nominate a
ticket close upon the line* the party has
adhered to from the beginning, but they
were no match for Bryan's bunco-steerers,
and before they knew it they had parted
with all their party's valuables, and not
only that, but they found themselves
pledged to help the fellow who nad fleeced
them in a game to bunco the whole coun
try.
But the Populists will do nothing of the
kind. They were fooled in convention,
but they will not be fooled at the polls.
While their principles of government are
communistic and antagonistic to what tbe
fathers of the Republic had in mind, it is
nevertheless tree tbat the "middle-of-the
road" Populist is, generally speaking, an
ideal American citizen, barring this one
economic fallacy. As a rule the Populist
is a hard-working man, a frugal man, a
temperate man, a law-observing man, a
determined defender of personal liberty
and a man with whom humanity is his
neighbor. When such a man awakens to
the fact that be has been played upon and
deceived, and his honest efforts made to
mock him. think you he will show no
resentment? Wait and see.
OUR CONVENTION REPORTS.
Early in June The Call dispatched a
corps of staff correspondents to report the
proceedings of the Republican, tbe Demo
cratic, the Populist and the Silver Na
tional conventions. Tbe conventions are
now historical events, but the readers of
The Call are familiar with them all. It
is doubtful if the readers of a newspaper
ever before had such a clear and compre
hensive chronicle of passing happenings,
but nothing less wa9 to be expected of
such a corps of news gatherers. Every
member of it is a graphic writer, bnt what
is more and better is, be knows what news
is and how to communicate it that it may
be the most easily understood.
No doubt the readers of Thk Call ob
served all during tlie time leading up to
and daring the sitting of the several con
ventions that the forecasts of coming events
by our correspondents were marvelouyiy
accurate, so much so indeed tbat the
reader knew in advance what would be
done in convention.
Bat the convention work was not all
that was transmitted to The Call for th*
benefit of its readers. Not only the nomi
nees of the several parties were promptly
interviewed, bat distinguished men from
all parts of the country were persuaded to
give their views upon current questions to
The Call's readers. In fact, not an item
of important news escaped. The several
conventions are now past events, but those
who have preserved files of The Call have
a full and reliable history of perhaps the
most interesting, if not the most critical,
epoch in the*Nation'a life since the foundal
tion of the Government, which could not
be duplicated.
No doubt not a few readers of Tne Call
THE SA3 FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 27. 1896.
wonder how such correct likenesses of
prominent men were obtained. The fact
is The Call sent one of its most thorough
masters of the art of pen and ink por
traiture to. the scenes of action, and among
others Mr. McKinley and Mr. Bryan ac
corded him a private sitting, add tbat is
how The Call eclipsed every other news
paper in the United States in illustration
and portraiture. In this connection it is
well :o remind our readers that the United
Press, which serves Thk Call with cur
rent news, accomplished more in the way
of gathering and transmitting happenings
than the special correspondents of very
many of the metropolitan dailies. No
better service could be rendered, and the
occasion gave the United Press the oppor
tunity to prove that it baa no competitor
worthy of the name.
The Call is a newspaper in the broadest
and fullest meaning of the term, but this
its patrons know, not only from relying
upon it for the news, but by comparison
with TflK Call's contemporaries.
THE GOLD OF CALIFORNIA.
The State of California has poured into
the lap of commerce during the past forty
seven years the enormous sum of over
11.600,000,000 worth of gold. It is still an
nually adding to the wealth of the world
an average output from its mines of pure
gold equal in value to $12,000,000, and the
indications are that it holds within its
bills a stored-up treasure which will en
able it to maintain this average for an in
definite period of time.
The last report issued by the State
Board of Bank Commissioners discloses
the surprising fact that, at tbe time of tbe
report, there wss not to exceed the sum of
twenty-live million dollars in gold coin in
the State of California. There is probably
no more than that amount at the present
time. Where has the gold of California
gone? What have the people to show in
its place? How can the outflow of the
past be checked in the present and future,
so that California may keep her gold at
home?
These are serious questions, ana the
State of California cannot hope to be
permanently prosperous until she has
answered them all. The first two of these
queries fir.d their answer in our past
history. The gold of California began its
outward flow with the very opening of its
mines in 1849. It went eastward with its
returning miners and with the ships
which brought merchandise to tbe new
and undeveloped State.
As the valleys of California were settled
by a pastoral people the gold still went
away to bring them finished products
which they required, but did not produce.
As population increased, this demand
kept pace with it. and up to the present
day California, with all her diversified
productions, bas never been able to secure
and keep the balauceof trade in her favor.
This is why her gold flows out annually
faster than it flows up and in from the
heart of her mountains and mines. There
is another reason fur the outflow of our
California gold. As the industries and
trade agencies of the State bave expanded
great corporations have been formed to
control these enterprises and absorb from
them the utmost o* wealth for their or
ganizers. These corporations found it
expedient to borrow money in their in
fancy for the purpose of accelerating
their growth. The result has been the
creation of a large interest-hearing debt,
due to the East and tbe Old World,
payable, principal and interest, in gold.
The Southern Pacific Kailroad Company
alone, for example, pays annually tne
sum of five millions of dollars in gold as
interest on its bonds held abroad. This
vast out-going stream of gold equals
almost half of the annual gold product of
the California mines. Is it surprising that
of its billion and a half of gold production
our State has but a beggarly one-sixtieth
of that vast sum remaining in its banks
and arteries of trade?
The third query remains to be answered :
How shall California in the present and
future keep her gold at home? There is
but one way possible to accomplish this
result. California must turn the balance
of trade in ber favor. But how? By be
coming a manufacturing State. By chang
ing her immense annual product of raw
materials into finished products within
her own borders, instead of sending them
abroad to be made into finished forms and
returned to her people for their own con
sumption. By encouraging her citizens
to build factories and develop enterprises.
By demanding of the Federal Govern
ment that protection of her industries
which it has accorded to tne Eastern
States when they and their manufacturing
enterprises were young. This is the way
to keep the gold of California at home.
This is the way to bring back tbe wealth
which has flowed out in the years gone by
in adverse balances of trade. This is tbe
paramount problem of business and cf
politics presented this year to the people
of our Golden State.
A GREAT SCHEME.
Nest to putting the country's financial
system upon a greenback basis Populists
deem Government ownership of the rail
way and telegraph lines as the more im
portant. The country has had too much
experience with a greenback basis for a
circulating money medium to entertain a
proposition to return to it, but public
ownership of railway and telegraph lines
has never been tried, and therefore it can
not be said that experience justifies the
rejection of the plan. It would not take
a great deal of common-sense, however, to
convince one that the party that happens
to be in power when the Government
takes possession of the railways and tele
graph would never surrender the Presi
dency and Congress to another party.
With the hundreds of thousands of men
in the direct employ of the railways, and
the hundreds of thousands who make rail
way supplies, having in mind the fact that
their jobs were contingent upon re-electing
the "powers ti-at be," there would be no
use in running an opposition ticket.
Bat it wonld take a good deal of money
to control the railway and telegraph lines
of this country, unless, as has been sug
gested, they be confiscated. The pres
ent capitalisation of the railway and
telegraph companies is over $11,000,
--000,000. Even with the mints wide
open to silver the country would have
to issue bonds to the fuil amoant in
order to pay for the several properties.
The debt of all the nations of the earth
aggregates less than $30,000,000,000 (thirty
billion dollars), and so if we issue bonds
to bny the railways and telegraph oar
public debt would be more than equal to
one-third of the national debt of all the
rest of the world.
Now that Mr. Bryan is the candidate
for President on the Populist ticket, per
haps he would not mind saying whether
or not he is in favor of issuing enough
bonds to buy the railway and telegraph
lines. It is a very important matter, and
his views might be valuable at this time,
lie need not express himself on the ques
tion of returning to the greenback basis
for the Nation's financial system, for
everybody knows that he is quite in
accord with that idea, and he is known to
be one of the original cnarapions of the in
come-tai theory, but he is not on record
concerning the issuing of $11,000,000,000 of
bonds to buy the> railways and telegraph.
COAST EXCHANGES.
The Jackson (Amador County) Republican has
fulfilled its promise of a daily •dition, which
made its Initial appearance last Thursday. It
is a model little paper in every respect, hand
some, well arranged and well edited, and It
proudly floats tne banner of McKinl'\ and
Hobaru In his lirst number the edittr -says:
"The object of this paper is to speak si- times
each week, in no uncertain tone, of the vast
resources of Amador County and the bright
future for Jackson and the entire region
through which runs the world-famous 'mother
lode.' We believe that the beginning of a
marvelous development, both in mining and
otner industries, has been inaugurated in this
section of California, and we propose to cast
In our mite and help it aiofig as rapidly as
possible. Should our venture meet with the
approval and patronage ot tiie people of Ama
dor County sufficient to justify the outlay, the
Daily Republican will be enlarged from time to
time in a manner cmnieusurate with the sup
port it receives."
The Lodi Review Budget has changed hands
and comes out with a low brand of politics.
George Shoals, the new editor and proprietor,
formerly conducted a Democratic paper in
South Dakota. He has tacked the Bryan-Sewall
colors to his mast in the Lodi publication.
It is opined that the town of Saa Bernardino
is a very profi table journalistic field judging
from appearances. The SUB of that place in
forms us that "a Populist paper was recently
launched there and that it is a settled fact that
a local mining journal will shortly make its
appearance. More than thip. It Is said there
are to be two new dallies, one Republican and
the other Democratic. In fact, Urn air lately
has been full of newspaper talk. It has been
even said that some of the established Jour
nals were to change hands, several local capi
talists who had once been engaged in news
paper work in this city contemplating a profit
able investment."
Yolo County has a new weekly paper, the
Winters Independent, edited by B. J. Waugh.
It makes a very respectable appearance and
proclaims its mission to be to acquaint the
world at large more fully with the resources
of the productive country around Winters and
to do battie for the cause of free silver.
L. W. Allum, who for the psst three years
has been city editor ol the Riverside 'Daily
Prett, has vacated that position and will be
succeeded by A. F. Clarke, one of the proprie
tors of the paper, who has hitherto been en
gaged in editing the Ontario Record, which he
and his brother owned and have just sold.
Mr. Allum purposes to start a new morning
Republican paper in Riverside about August
15, to be called the News.
There is rejoicing in Ventura over the grati*
fying news that all the formidable obstacles in
the way of the proposed Ojal Valley Railroad
have been removed, and that the enterprise
will be pushed forward with all possible speed.
The Ventura Weekly Democrat says of the pro
jected line, whien will make Ventura the mar
ket of the fertile valley of the OJai: "The
$10,000 required of our citizens in cash and
right of way is practically provided tor. The
liberality of our citizens generally makes a
creditable showing, and it is safe to predict
that not one of those who have made the Ojai
Valley Railroad possitle will regret the part
tbey took in promoting it by means of cash or
accessions in the matter of right of way. The
right of way, with the exception of a few
short gaps, has been secured, and these few
property -holders will assuredly be reasonable
and not retard the progress of the project by
exorbitant demands. We are authorised to
announce that the building of the road is now
a certainty, and its corns truction ■will be com
menced by Captain Cross as soon as a few
minor details are arranged— probably not later
than September 1."
The Redding Free Prer* furnishes a timely
object lesson in the article which follows:
"The news tbat the Shasta Lumber Company
will start up will b« received with gladness by
the people ot Round Mountain and Montgom
ery Creek. William Hers, who was here Satur
day, says that the settler:- have been having a
hard time to make both ends meet, and the
starting up of this enterprise not only fur
nishes employment, but gives a home market
for produce which the settlers raise. As
Major McKinley says, what the people need is
some gaiufnl occupation to make them happy
and prosperous. Protection is a greater issue
aud more reaching in its effects than the free
coinage of silver. Manufacturing enterprises
in Shasta County make a market for labor and
a market for the products of the farm and or
chard. What we n*?d is not more money, but
the circulation of the money now held in
bank. A demand for lumber makes the in
vestment of idle capital in the lumber fields
productive 0/ returns to the capitalist and cir
culates money among the people. These 125
men who will be employed by the company
will scatter money all through the county. It
is the policy of the Republican party to restore
conndence by passing those laws which pro
tect American products and furnish gainful
employment What has made the lumber
trade so dull is the removal of the tariff by a
Democratic administration on Canadian lum
ber, bringing the lumber product of a foreign
country into competition with ourown lumber
and creating a stagnation of the lumber
trade."
Ex-Judge Hastie of Clayton, Contra Costa
County, while digging for water last week dug
into a promising coal prospect, and a corre
spondent of the Martinez Gazette thus refers to
the discovery : it is in hard sand rock and on
the water level, but not enough work has been
done to prove iv value. There is a chance for
home capitalists to come in and develop li if
they want to, for the Judge lacks the necessary
means. There is on top of the supposed vein
ten feet of solid ground, with quarts boulders
weighing from one to 2,000 pounds each, and
it takes both time and money to move them;
but everybody hopes ths Judge will succeed in
getting to the coal as soon as possible,for it will
benefit his neighbors as well as himself more
and more as the work progresses.
The town of Riverside has nearly completed
its new electric-light works and the Reflex
states tbat arc lights, for which the town has
been paying $15, will now cost only $4 50
each, while a sixteen-caadle power Incandes
cent lamp will cost three-quarters of a cent an
hour. "So you can put in as many lamps as
you want all over your house, and if you burn
say three lamps three hours on the average,
which is about right for the average family,
your lights will cost you only f2 10 per
month."
The new mining town of Mojav* on the
desert of that name already has a sprightly
newspaper, the Pick and Pan. It declares that
"what Leadville has been, what Cripple Creek
is Mojave may become if the energies, intelli
gence and ambition of her citizens are pushed
in the right direction."
It calls upon the citizens of Mojave to bestir
themselves and "set the example of a hustling,
bustling community, which in times of busi
ness depression did not alt still and wait for
legislation, tariff or silver, to put us on our
feet, but just went right ahead regardless of
the ill-omened talk of the croaker, who is ever
with us, and nnatched the wealth of victory
from the reluctant grasp of tn« desert."
The paper remarks that it will "use its pick
to unearth the nuggets of news from tbe sand
and debris of the desert and camp, and its pan
for the purpose of separating the dirt from the
yellow metal, and leaving as its residuum
nothing but grains of gold."
PERSONAL.
A. H. Ashley of Stockton is at the Lick.
Hubert Button of Santa Cruz is staying at
the Rush,
H. Cornforth of Marysvllle is a late arrival
at the Lick.
Dr. F. J. Bethel ef Bakersfleld is visiting at
the Baldwin.
Judge Ansell Smith of Stockton is registered
at the Grand.
J. A. Andrews, a capitalist of Los Angeles, is
at the Grand.
A. J. Pillsbury, a Journalist of Tulare, it stay
ing at the Grand.
A. F. Bernard, a railroad contractor of Chi
cago, is at the Grand.
&. Ruiz, a big merchant of Harmoslilo,
Mexico, arrived at tho Lick yestordaj with
his daughter, Miss Ysabel Ruis, who ia to at
tend school in this State.
Dr. c. C. Baker of Stockton is one ot the
guests at the Baldwin.
Superior Judge A. P. Catlin of Sacramento
is registered at the Lick.
E. B. Carroll, a Sacramento merchant, arrived
at tbe Grand last night.
G. Kearney, a miner of Sonora, is a guest at
the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Charles S. Heller of the Carlton Hotel, Pasa
dena, is a guest at the Russ.
H. B. Bell, a real estate man of San Jose, is
at the Russ with his family.
1". ML Culver, a business man of Stockton, is
a Kuest at the Cosmopolitan.
S. T. Black of Sacramento, State Superin
tendent of rublic Instruction, arrived at the
E. P. KELLN£R OF ARIZONA. WHO SAW CLEVELAND'S JAW DROP.
Lick yesterday, accompanied by his secretary,
W. w. Seaman.
Dr. Robert Haynes and wife of Los Angeles
are guests at the Occidental.
Charles J. Koack, the Sacramento jeweler, is
at the Lick with his family.
C. M. Weber, a ca pitalist of Stockton, is mak
ing a brief visit at the Grand.'
R. H. Reed, a hardware deajer of Fresno, is
at the Grand on a business visit.
J. H. Martin, a cattleman of Woodland, Is
making a short stay at the Runs.
Ben Brown, a general merchant of Burns,
Or., is one of the Grand's guests.
David Leisnman, a merchant of Crescent
City, is a recent arrival at the Grand.
8. Kwell, a Marysville merchant, arrived at
the California yesterday with his wife.
L. McDonald, a mining man from French
Gulch, is among the arrivals at the Licit.
John Markley ot Sacramento, a member of
the State Board of Examiners, is at the Lick.
Robert T. Devlin of Sacramento, a State
Prison Director and attorney, is at the Grand.
W. N. Jones and R. Murray, mining men of
Angels Camp, are registered at the Cosmopoli
tan.
Alisyne Jones, an attorney of Los Angeles,
registered at the Occidental yesterday with
his wife.
Charles Lanzingof the United States Navy
came from the East last night and took a room
at the Occidental.
Dr. Thomas flint of San Jos*, lather of ex-
Sta'e Senator Flint, is among the latest ar
rivals at the Grand.
Captain P. J. Hamilton, a well-known sea
taring man of Honolulu, is registered at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Alfred P. Fraser and Miss Mary Fraser of
Stockton arrived at t&e Occidental last night
on their way to the seaside.
Coroner J. R. Curnow of Santa Clara County
arrived at the Grand yesterday with his wife
and child and registered from San Jose.
W. B. Collier, a wealthy rancher of Lake
port, arrived at the Occidental yesterday with
Miss Collier, one ot San Francisco's society
belles.
Robert Wai cot t of Cambridge, Mass., in
structor in English at Harvard University, Is
at the Occidental, with Edward J. Holmes of
Boston.
Professor Frank Angell, head of the depart
ment of psychology at Stanford University
and the crack baseball player of the faculty
nine, arrived at the Occidental last night with
his wife and three children.
E. P. Dunn, one of the lessees of the Arling
ton Hotel at Santa Barbara, arrived at the
Baldwin yesterday. The Arlington, notwith
standing the death of ex-Mayor Gaty, will be
continued under the nominal management of
Gaty £ Dunn, as Mrs. £. W. Gaty will assume
her late husband's interests while Mr. Dunn
will conduct the business.
Among those who arrived at the Lick yester
day were Mrs. E. Figneroa of Gnaymas, Mexico,
wife of the recently elected Governor of the
State of Sonora, and the Misses Ida, Josle and
Lily Figneroa and Franklin and Felton
Ficueroa, (laughters and sons of the Governor,
who have come to California to attend board
ing school. Mrs. 8. J. Gonzales of Guaymas is
also a member of the party.
Edwin Dun, United States Minister to Japan,
returned to the Palace yesterday from a visit
to Washington and to his old home in Colum
bus, Ohio. He is accompanied by bis daugh
ter, Miss Helen Dun, who will start tor Tokio
with him on the China, which sails from here
next Thursday. Albert S. Willis, United States
Minister to the Republic of Hawaii, and now
a guest at the Occidental, will also be a pas
senger on the China, his destination bslag
Honolulu.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Mrs. Benham— l don't see how you can look
me in the face!
; Benham— A man can get used to anything.—
New York Truth.
; • "Those Chicago women seem to be infected
with the matrimonial fever."
"Hardly . a fever; rather fever and ague.
They \ shake ' husbands as " soon as they get
them.' : —
"The butcher offered me his hand this morn*
Ing," said the hired girl,
"Indeed V grS§l
"Yea'm. He tried to sell It to me- with the
steak, but I made him take it off the scales."—
Cincinnati Enquirer.
' "What do the papers mean when they say
'The popular orator's wife modestly with,
drew' ?'• ' ■ ' /:.-, ""V v
I ■.._. "I suppose ; they think she ought' to be so
tickled that she would go . out turning hand
springs."— Record. "
First Chum— never speak to that Fred
Bumpton again. He had the audacity to back
out of the parlor the other night throwing
kisses' at me. _ •
Second Chum— Why, the heartless creature I
And you right there within reach!— Detroit
Free Press.
Ftir woman faints swar no more, .
Nor essays the pathetics;
She's no; the shrinking thing of yore—
. ,V she goes in tor athletics. ,
* A full, free stride that's almost bold
■ Succeeds ths high-heel wriggle; .
But in one way she's ac of old—
she baa the some old giggle. <
;-r ■■;■. ■ —Indianapolis Journal.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
"Well, I was nominated for Governor of Ari
zona last year, and I went on to Washington
to see Cleveland about my getting the appoint
ment. We were talking it over and things
were going pretty well wben he asked, 'How
are you on silver?' 'I stand pat for silver,' I
said, and then I noticed his jaw drop.
"He appointed another man.
"But Arizona couldn't waut a better Gov
ernor than she sot. AU that territory needs
now is the three Ws— wood, women and
water."
It was E. F. Kellner that was speaking. Of
that there could be no doubt, for strung across
his vest in *reat letters of solid gold from hut
ton bole to watch pocket was the name so evi
dent that he who ran might re-ad it and learn
on whom he gazed. But that was not the only
proof of identity. From snow-white cuffs
flashed and flittered sparkling diamonds set
in gold buttons formed by large block letters
SK turned back to back in a sort of monogram.
Clasped upon a white bow tie was a diamond
scarfpin with the same glittering device. But
as if doubly to assure any over-cautious bunko
man another diamond monogram sparkled
from the little finger of his right hand.
Mr. Kellner's name also appears upon the
register at the Occidental Hotel, where he ar
rived the other day on a visit for pleasure and
recreation in thia City. Tall and built on a
generous plan Mr. Kellner presents a striking
tixure which is well set off by a becoming
pearl gray suit and a pearl gray high hat. In
Pncenix and Globe, Ariz., he has varied local
business interests, a complete list of which
appears in small type upon the back of his
business card. There are stores, lumber yards,
stook yards, stock farms, warehouses, commis
sion houses, brick tenements, sawmills, toll
roads, a bank, and other enterprises. Upon
the front of the card as a warning to patrons
is the admonition : ' -Follow Directions if You
Desire Further Orders."
Mr. Kellner it in a position to be independ
ent.
A SONG OF DIXIE
Dixie is the land for votln'—
Lots or limes when fie boys ain't co'tt n —
An' It'a vote,
An' vote,
Till you land yer man in Dixie!
Lot* er stamps wbar de boys is speakin';
Can't hiae out when de office seeklti'—
An' it's vote.
An' vote,
Till you plum played ont in Dixie!
De candidate bring* lot er trouble-
Take one vote en be count It double—
An' it's vote.
An' vot»,
Till you upside down tn Dixie !
De office come en say : "Dat yon, sirT
Ulad to meet you! How do you do, sir?"
An' it's vote,
An' vote.
Till de votes run out In Dixie!
De voter shout, en de voter boiler,
•■Sixteen times fer a bait er dollar!"
An' it's vote,
An' vote.
Till you Bpside down in Dixie!
Frank L. stastox in Chicago Times-Herald
LADY'S DRESSING SACQUE.
A delightfully comfortable and stylish gar
ment is illustrated here. It Is cut with a loose
front which is shirred from a yoke up. The
back is cut with a back form and an under
arm gore. The sleeves are the comfortable
and picturesque Bishop shape. The sailor col
lar is stylishly cut off *n front to give the ef
fect now sought after.
A most dainty sacque after this model was of
white batiste. The sailor collar had a deep
hem at the top of which was let In the narrow
embroidery to give the effect of hemstitching
The ruffle around the collar, which was also of
batiste, had the same finish at the top of the
hem.
Another stcque was of blue end white dim
ity, with a collar of plain blue edged with a
ruffle of Valenciennes lace. ■-• Wl »"a
A yellow dimity might be trimmed with a
collar ot yellow and white striped aimity
A pink lawn, with white douTmight have a
white collar trimmed with white or yellow
k*£ U f.i Japa °. es * silk ' with collar of white
batiste trimmed with insertion of vellowVa
encaennes laee,,with a ruffle to matin, would
be very cool and stylish. ' " OUIU
Pale green wash silk, with a canary strin*
Unll* th ' ° oUar of n * tar *» «lowd grati
FROM McKINLEY'S SPEECHES.
The American people , hold the financial
honor of our Government as sacred as our flag,
Sfm-.^ *? °Pon to guard it with the
tame sleepless vigilance. •
Our creed embraces an honest dollar, an un
tarnished National credit, adequate revenues
forthe uses of the Government, protection to
laDorand industry, preservation of the home
market and reciprocity which will extend our
foreign marsets.
Our trouble is not with the character of the
money that we have, but with the threat to de
base it. We have the same currency that we
had in 1892, good the world over, and unques
tioned by any people. Then, too, we had un
exampled credit and prosperity.
Not content with the Inauguration of the
ruinous policy which has brought down the
wages of the laborer and the price of farm
products, its advocates now offer a new policy
which will diminish the value of money in
which wages and prices are paid.
What we want is a sound policy, financial
and industrial, which will give courage and
confidence to all, for when that is done the
money now unemployed, because of fear for
the future and lack of conndence in invest
ment, will quickly appear in the channels of
trade.
The money of the United States, and every
kind and form of it, whether of paper, silver
or gold, must be as good as the best in the
world. It must not only be current at its full
lace value at home, but it must be counted at
par in any and every commercial center of the
globe.
The employment of the idle money we al
ready have in gainful Dursnits will put every
idle man in the country at work, and when
there is work there is wsges, and when there
are work and wages there are consumers who
constitute the best market ior the product of
our soil. •
The piatform adopted by the Republican Na
tional Convention has received my careful
consideration, and has my unqualified appro
val. It is a matter of gratification to me, as I
am sure it must be to you and Republicans
everywhere and to all our people, that the ex
pressions of its declaration of principles are so
direct, clear and emphatic. They are too plain
and positive to leave any chance for doubt or
question as to their purport and meaning.
Recent events have imposed upon the patri
otic people of this country a responsibility and
a duty greater than any since the Civil War.
Then it was a struggle to preserve the Govern
ment of the United States; now it is a struggle
to preserve the financial honor of the Govern
ment of the United States. Then it was a con
test to save the Union ; now it is a contest to
save spotless its credit. Then section was ar
rayed against section; now men of all sections
can unite, and will unite, to rebuke the repudi
ation of our obligations and the debasement of
our currency.
ELECTIONS THIS FALL.
Elections will be held in six States before
the grand battle of ballots is joined on Tues
day, November 3. These States and the order
in which they will vote are as follows : Ala
bama will elect a full State ticket in August;
Vermont, Arkansas and Maine will vote for a
Governor September 1, 7 and 14 respectively;
Florida and Georgia vote for Governor in Oc
tober, and then there will be a lull until No
vember. There seems to be no doubt that
Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia and Florida will
go Democratic, while it is equally safe to pre
dict that Vermont and Maine will go Repub
lican, probably by increased majorities- Louisi
ana, Rhode Island and Oregon have already
held elections this year.
Louisiana went Democratic by a decreased
majority; Rhode Island increased its Repub
lican majority, while the vote on the Con
gressional ticket in Oregon -was very close, the
two Republicans getting the returns-by an ag
gregate plurality ot only 600 or 700. At the
November election, besides the Presidential
electors. Governors will be chosen in the fol
lowing States: Colorado, Connecticut, Dela
ware, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Massa
chusetts. Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, Mis
souri, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New York,
North Carolina, North Dakota, South Carolina,
couth Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Washington,
West Virginia and Wisconsin. For the first
time Utah will vote as a State, and the elec
toral vote of the United States is increased to
447, making the number necessary to a choice
in the Electoral College 224.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The Duke of York has a weakness for double
breasted waistcoats.
F. S. Jackson, the famous Yorkshire crick
eter, is an excellent shot.
Standish Q'Gradv's new book, to be expected
in the autumn, is called "The Flight of th«
Eagle."
Queen Victoria owns a dress manufactured
of spiders' webs. It was a present from the
late Empress of Brazil.
The Duke of Richmond is a great smoker,
and is oiten to be seen strolling on the Downs
enjoying his after-dinner cigar.
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's.*
FpreiAt information daily to manufaoturart.
business houses and public men by the Prasi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
Priscilla— Your husband did not accompany
you?
Penelope— No. He say« tbet his pleasure
consists in knowing I am here.— Truth. ■
Cheap JExcursion to St. Paul.
Tbe Shasta route and the Northern Pacific Rail
road has been selected as the official rout* to at
tend the National Encampment of the G. A. ft. at
St. Paul, to be held there September ato 5. The
txcursion will leave San Francisco and Sacra
mento August 26 at 7 P. M. Kates 967 90 for the
round trip. The above rate Is open to all who wish
to make tha trip East. Send your name and ad
dress to T. K. Btateler. general ap-nt, 638 Market
treet, Ban Francisco, for sleeping-car reservations.
Are You Going EhiL.'
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— f*anta F«
ronte— ls the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence of
alkali dust. Particularly adapted for the trans
portation of lamtlles because of lta palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland m
Chicaco, leaving at a seasonable boar and ia
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tiok
et office. 644 Market street, Chronicle building.
Telephone, Main 1931.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrnp"
Has been used over 60 years by millions of motasn
for their children while Teething with perfect su»
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gams, all ay 1
Pain, cares Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels ani
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sals by Dm
gists In every part of the world. Be sure and as c
lor Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 515 c a DOttla.
Cobovabo.— Atmosphere is perfectly «ry. can
and mild, being entirely tree from the mists com
mon runner north. Kound-:np tickets, fey steam*
snip, including fifteen days' board at t vs Hot*
Coronado, $00; longer stay 92 50 per a*/ Appiy
*' New -uoutgomery st, *an*'raiciso&
Hckpbkds have testified to the curative prop
erties of Ayer's Cherry Pectoral in colds, congas
and other throat and lung troubles.
Justice — You are charged with stealing
Colonel Julep's chickens. Have you any wiU
nesses?
Uncle Moses— l heb not. I don't steal chick
ens befo 1 witnesses.— Amusing Journal.
WEW , TO-PAT. _
TBIG CUT
Fruit Jars
45c PER DOZ. PINTS
55c PER DOZ. QUARTS
75c : PER DOZ. HALF GALLONS
3oc PER DOZ. JELLY GLASSES
DBEP
j OUT PRICES
Crockery, Chioaware and Glassware.
Come and Get Posted.
Great African {niprtiii Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth at.
2510 Mission St. aiS Third St.
140 Sixth st. 2<»B Pltlmore at.
617 Kcirny st. * 00% Market st.
4419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth *t>
53 1 Montgomery aye. 104 Second st.
233 Hayes st • 3359 Mission at.
53 Market st. (Headquarters). S. P.
1053 Wash in st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
Hi San Pablo are. 917 Broadway, Oakland
l3sS Park »t.,,AUmc<n.M0NDAY........... JULY 27. 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baipwjx T htatkb.— " Bohemia."
California THKATJSR.-"Merctiant of Venice."
Coi-rKBiA Theater-" The Highest Bidder."
Itfososco's KKA-iioc^i- — "Sir. Barnes of >Tew
York."
Tivou OPKRA-Hors*.— "Carmen."
Crfhfttx— High-Class Vaudeville.
Fctro Baths— and performances. "
Shoot the Citittks— Daily at Ualght street,
ccc block east of the Park.
AUCTION SALES.
By L. H. Bubi>— This day, July 27, Furniture, at
. Ell Larkin street, at 11 o'clock.
By 8. Hasch— To-morrow (Tuesday), Furniture,
at 1104 Van Ness avenue, a: 11 o'clock;.
By Sciajvax 4 Dotm- Thursday, July 30,
Horses, etc, at 220 Valencia street, ax 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair Monday.— Local Forecast Official A. G.
McAdie.
The Italian Pruids held their annual picnic
and ball yesterday.
It is proposed to build an amphitheater
near the Sutro baths.
Susie and Deceive- won the coursing stakes
at Ingleside yesterday.
There was a big crowd at the park yesterday >
ana a bigger one at the Cliff.
The monthly shoot of the Swiss Rifle Club
took place yesterday at Harbor View.
Why Louis W. Martin was thrashed for miss
ing the theater with Miss Bessie Ryan.
Miss Viola, the aeronaut, bad a rough expe
rience in coming down trom the clouds yes
terday.
A. H. Pape of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle
Club broke the pis;ol record yesterday at Shell
Mound.
The Lincoln Gun Club defeated the Olympic
a ni'. Empire ciubs iv thetr bluerock-breaking
contest.
The Greeks of America are preparing to &s-
Fistthe Cretans to drive the Turks iroia the
Lsle of Crete.
E. Jacobson beat Howard Carr in a fllty-shot
23-oal!1»T rifle match yesterday at the Shell
Mound range.
The handball courts were crowded yesterday
and several exciting and closely contested
games were played.
The varioioid case at the Angel Island Quar
antine Station is recovering, and no more cases
hare been discovered.
The first quarterly rally of the First District
League of the Croa Cadets was held yesterday
-ion Parlor Hall.
The Californias were defeated by the Oak
lands at tne Folsr-.m-street ball grounds yester
day by a score of 20 to 15.
The Alameda- Bohemian cricket match
played yesterday at Alameda resulted In an
easy time ior the Bohemians.
Through the whining of a little dog the
body of an unknown man was found in Laurel
Hiil Cemetery yesterday afternoon.
Company F of the First Infantry Regiment,
National Guard of California, defeated Com
trniy A yesterday in a match game at base
ball.
It is stated that the missing arms and equip
ment of the Naval Battalion were at home, in
stead of at the armory, when the inspection
was held.
Rev. Ray Palmer lectured at the Good Citi
zenship meeting yesterday afternoon on "The
Open Question, or Who Built the Temple of
Liberty ?"
The Socialist Labor party took initiatory
steps at its meeting yesterday to place a mu
nicipal and legislative ticket in the field at the
coming election.
Miss Norine Jennings has been selected to
preside over the entertainment to be given by
the Sons and Daughters of Old Friends on
Wednesday night.
„ Three Barbary Coa6t rounders were arrested
and charged with robbing Martin Lewis of his
watch and chain at 4 o'clock yesterday morn
ing on Broadway.
The twenty-fifth anniversary of the oiganiza
tion of California Lodge of the Order of B'nai
B'rith wat celebrated by a banquet at B'nai
B'ritn Hall last night.
Seven yonng naval officers arrived here last
night from the East and will take duty aboard
the various men-of-war.
• . At the Central M. E. Church last evening the !
Rev. Dr. Dilie exhorted his heareri to remem
ber the etory of Jehovah and Ba&l, and to be
active in the service of the Lord.
Robert Irvine was thrown from his buggy at
Jackson and K.-arny streets last night. His
face was bruised >o that he had to be sent to
the Receiving Hospital for treatment.
The inland of Sumatra is developing rich oil
fields that threaten to supply the whole Ori
ental trade inside of five years and deprive the
United States of a big market in Japan.
Michael MeGee, a teamster residing at 49
Ritch street, was struck by an electric car last
' night on Kentucky street. He was treated at
the Receiving Hospital for a sctlp wound.
A meeting of the committee of the Union
League Club appointed to take steps towards
organizing a local branch of the Republican
National League Club, was held yesterday af
ternoon.
The sugar bark Albert arrived yesterday, 20
days from Honolulu. July 12*2 she met and re
lieved the schooner Martha Tufts, which was
cut of food. Provisions to last eight days were
put aboard the vessel.
The demonstration of Saturday night nas
awakened a strong sentiment in the com
munity for better roads. Wheelmen, team
sters and others directly interested vow they
will leave nothing undone until Market street
5s repaved.
Edward G. Wrtgbt and Cortis Hind*, two
men accused of breaking into the residence of
Mrs. Josephine Davis, Suisun, Solan o County,
la-t Tuesday night, were cleverly captured in
this City by Policeman T. L. Ryan and taken
to Suisun last night.
A huge yellow sign bearing the words "Xo
rooms rented to women," which has been dis
played by a Montgomery-street lodging-house,
has aroused the ire of ladies who have ob
served it. It is said numerous other houses
have adopted the rale.
THE CASE DISMISSED.
Magnetic Healer >>ingo Jfot the Lessee
of Migsion-Streat Fremliei.
Professor C. A. Mingo, a gentleman of
color and professional magnetism, wants
it *.o be known that he is not the lessee of
the house at 834 Mission street, where a
Mrs. Wilson was recently baaly beaten by
Jack Condon of soda water fame, who re
sided with her. Professor Mingo says that
the lessee of the place is a Mr. Mcßae, and
that the apartments occupied by Mrs.
Wilson were on the floor above his.
He says that the profession of divine
healing scored a bnllxeye in the Barker
case, which was recently dismissed. Bar
ker, while treating by "laying on of the
bands a Mrs. Hyland, who was suffering
from an excessive üb<j of a drug, was ar
rested for practicing medicine without a
license. The prosecuting witness could
not stand the ordeal of a trial owing to
nerrons prostration, and though Barker's
counsel proposed to continue the case to
suit the prosecuting witness, they were
not inclined to have it continued and the
case was dismissed.
NEW TO-DAY.
COVERED
WITH
SCALES
Eczema made its appearance on my head In
its worst form, and it continued spreading
until my face was covered with scales and be-
came a horrid sight. 1 bad a fine bead of hair,
seven years' growth, and had to sacrifice it. I
was in despair. The physicians had failed
even to relieve me, when one recommended
Ccticcba Soap. My father procured ■ set of
Ccticcba Remedies, and in three weeks the
scales left my face and the skin lost its florid
hue. In tin week* I tea* entirely cured. My
face Ta» smooth and my complexion clearer
and finer than it had ever been before.
Miss MARION A. SMITH, Stmbnry, Pa.
SraiDT Cpkb Tkiatjtkkt. — Warm bath*
with Cbticitra Soap, gentle application* of
CcncßßA (ointment), and mild doses of Con-
ctjba Bxsolvzht, greatest of humor cures.':
Sold ttuoucbont th« vnrld. Price, CcncrßA, Xto-i
toxr. 25c.i R*solv*,-t. We. and $1. .• Porrsa SKOa
xn> Cnrx. Cosr Sole Prop*.. Boston. •_ -. • _■:""■• •-
Mr- ü Bo-rta Cum Wont Ecx«oa,"mtn»d fc*a>
NEWS ON THE
WATER FRONT.
A British Hen That Walks
the Deck Full of
Fight.
HER YANKEE RIVAL.
Arrival of the Sugar Bark Albert
From the Hawaiian
Islands.
RELIEVING A HUNGRY CREW.
Getting Out the Colombia's Damaged
Cirgo— The Varioioid Case
Recovering.
The British ship Star of France which
recently arrived in this port and docked
Saturday at the Brannan-street wharf ia
a floating chicken ranch. The poultry
consists of one motherly old hen and a
brood of thirteen young fowls which were
hatched aboard of the ship. The chickens
are as large as their maternal biddy, and
notwithstanding their fateful number,
have brought no bad luck to the vessel —
the rule probably goes contrary in the
matter of hens.
While the chicks were small she had
them roost on the spare booms lying along
the deck, but as they grew larger she led
them higher, and their sleeping place was
in the lower rigging. In all the rough
weather, with the ship pitching from wave
to wave, not a chicken was lost overboard.
Often they were disturbed and scared
down on deck when the sailors climbed
hurriedly up the rigging to struggle with
the gale-rilled canvas aloft, bat they re
turned to ttieir swaying roost.
That old hen is a true warlike British
Amazon. She sits on tne ship's rail and
watches the docks with a savage eye.
Whenever a Brannan-street pullet ven
tures down on the wharf in search of a
meal she springs off her perch and
charges the intruder. If a number come
down instead of one she battles with them
all the same. Sne is no respecter of the
lordly male and will fly with savage
squawks at a rooster as quickly as at a
fowl of her own sex.
Often after she has cleared the dock she
will go aboard the ship and whip some of
her own c ildren, so thoroughly does the
fighting spirit take possession of her. No
cat, dog or bird can live on that vessel,
and even the pis in his pen forward is only
safe from her furious attacks because she
can't get at him.
The bark Albert, the first vessel of the
island sugar fleet which sailed for this
por: about the Ist, came in yesterday
morning twenty-six duys out. She left
Honolulu in company with the S. N.
Castle and the ship J. C. Glade, but out
sailed them. The schooner Transit and
bark S. C. Alien from the islands are both
twenty-eight days out and the barkentina
S. G. Wilder nineteen days.
On Juiy 22, in latitude 33 north and
longitude 134 degrees 30 minutes west, tne
Albert sighted the schooner Martha Tufts,
48 days out from Tres Marias, Mexico.
She had met with calms and unfavorable
weather, and, in consequence of the length
of time at sea, was out of provisions and
in distress. Captain Griffiths supplied the
hungry crew with food, and the vessels
parted company, the schooner bearing
away to her port, 600 miles distant.
The schooner Cbecto sailed yester
day morning for Pigeon Point for a
load of damaged freight from the stranded
steamer Colombia. It is thought that
those engaged in getting the ship's cargo
will find their venture a profitable one, as
the weather is favorable for the work of
completely emptying the bull and much
of the cargo is not easily damaged by
water.
The Chinaman sicK with varioloid at the
quarantine station on Angel Island is re
covering, and no other cases of the dis
ease have appeared.
A number of excursionists went out to
the battle-ship Oregon yesterday, but were
not permitted to go aboard, as the crew
-were busy working with the torpedoes,
and the presence of visitors was not desir
able at that time. Commodore Howison,
however, will throw the ship open to the
public next Sunday if she is in the harbor.
WITH THE PLAYERS.
What I* Offered In the Amusement
Line lo the Theaters of Thla
City To-Mght.
At the Baldwin this evening Charles
Frobman's Empire Theater Company will
present "Bohemia,' 1 said to be a bright
picture of Parisian Bohemian life.
There is to be a revival of Shakespearean
plays at the California Theater to-night.
"The Merchant of Venice" will be placed
on the boards, with Fred Warde and Rose
Cogblan in the cast.
The Columbia Theater will open this
evening with "Tne Highest Bidder," a
very interesting play, that had a run of
eight months in tne city of New York.
Taere is a strong cast.
The attraction that is to be offered at
the Grand Opera-house this evening is
"Mr. Barnes of New \ork," with James
M. Brophy in the leading role, one in
which he has gained much praise.
"Carmen," having retired from the Cal
ifornia, will make her appearance at the
Tivoii Opera-bouse this evening, not in
play, but in opera, with lime. Natali in
the title role.
There are many attractions announced
on the bill for this evening at the Or
pheuni Music Hal), one of which is a
troupe of trained cats. Lydia Yeamans-
Titus, the favorite, is also billed for to
night.
At the Chutes this afternoon and even
ing there will be many attractions, includ
ing "Joe," the trained orang-outang, and
a performance in the Casino. .
• — ♦ . <
FRED YATES IN CALIFORNIA.
He Will Attend the Midsummer High
•Jink* of the Bohemian flu Jj.
Fred Yates, an artist who has gained
hign recognition in England as a painter
of portraits, is again in California. He
passed through Sacramento and Lathrop
a few days ago en route to Los Angeles to
visit his father. Dr. Powers went to Sac
ramento to meet him and passed a few
Hours in his company. Mr. Yates will
come to San Francisco Aueust 20 and re
main several weeks. He will attend the
midsummer high jinks of the Bohemian
Club, which will be held Aueust 22 at
Meeker's Grove, near Guerneville. The
jinks this summer will be sired by Albert
Gerberding, who was recently elected
president of the Produce Exchange, and
something unique in the form of forest
festivity will sureJy be produced.
Pcihed From a Car.
Henry Strickmaun, ; a boy ; living at 1529
Dupont street, owing to the crowded condition
of a Haight-slreet *■• ■»*« pushed. oft at Clay.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 27, 1896.
ton street yesterday afternoon. He ten on his
forehead, which was Dadlv cut. The patrol
waeon was summoned and be was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where Dr. Thompson
dressed the wound. The boy was able to go
home.
ITALIAN DRUIDS' PICNIC.
Harbor View Park the Scene of Mirth
and Fun.
Italy's fairest daughters and hardy sons
of toil in this City left their cares and
troubles behind them early yesterday
morning and in their choicest Sunday
garments went to Harbor View Park, there
to spend the day in mirth and fun.
It was the picnic of the Galileogalili
Grove No. 37, U. A. 0. D. The gentlemen
having the arrangements in charge ac
quitted themselves with great credit, and
the following are the names of the several
committees entrusted with the manage
ment:
Executive committee— A. Olmo, president;
C. O. Fauda, first vice-president ; P. G. Molinari,
second vice-president : J. Musso, secretary ; G.
Bazzuro, treasurer.
Honorary committee — O. H. Hoag, P. H. G.
A. ; J. A. Devoto, N. O. A.; H. C Goller, D. G. A. ;
E H. Goetze, G. T.: J. J. Mollisoc, G. S. ; G. R.
Swetmann, G. M. ; P. L. Tmglio, G. S. ; K. L.
Wagner, 9. R., and G. W. Lovie, ■. K.
Reception committee — E. L. Scodeletti, A.
Arnaboldi, M. A. Bianchini, G. Galli, G. Lepori,
E. Ravezxani, F. Cavagnaro, C. A..Magistra,
G. Koccatagliata, J. F. Martinoni, J. Musso, F.
Caponelli, L. Bagiietto, G. Jaccheri, A. Olmo, j
P. Demartini, G. Chessi, J. F. Rossi, G. Olivieri,
P. G. Molinari, C. Gianettoni, P. Fillipini, O.
Llppi and 6. Bot taro.
Floor manager, G. B. Cordano; assistant, L.
Cariani.
Floor committee— E. B. Zambeili, J. J. Po
desta, J. P. Rossi, L. Gotelli, G. Blni, A. Tassi,
A. Pessano, G. L. Yalente, C. Giugui, E. Oer
ruti and L Topini.
Door committee— Captain L. Bagiietto, G.
Massoletti, F. Demartini, G. Lucchetti, D.
Paroni, C. Figone, L. Ferrari, F. Demartlni, R.
Maestretti, S. Candioto, L. Bedoni and G. Gui
nasso.
Refreshment committee— L. Canepa, L.Guan
ziroli, A. Capella, A. Quilici, A. Garbarino, F.
rngaretti. L. Torre, G. D^luechi, F. Quilici and
I M. Canevascini.
GEORGE PARSONS. WHO EATS EGGS.
Mr. Parsons differs from other people in this respect in that he eats several
dozen eggs at a time. His gastronomical feats keep at least fifty hens busily
engaged the year around.
BURGLARS FROM SUISUN
E. G. Wright and C. Hinds
Cleverly Captured by Po*
liceman Ryan.
They Were Trying to Dispose of Their
Piunder to a Pawnbroker on
Third Street
Two burelars from the interior were
cleverly captured by Policeman T. L. Ryan
on Saturday afternoon at Third and
Market streets.
The police had been notified that the resi
dence of Mrs. Josephine Davis of Suisun,
Solano County, was entered by burglars
last Tuesday night and a larze quantity of
silverware and other articles were stolen.
It was expected that the burglars would
make their way to this City to dispose of
the plunder.
Ryan was on special duty, and Satur
day afternoon he dropped into the pawn
shop ol Andrew Coleman, 41 Third street.
Two men were there at the time trying to
dispose of some silverware, which they
bad in a telescope basket. Ryan's sus
picions were aroused and he asked the
men where they got the silverware. They
gave him an evasive answer and hurriedly
left the store.
Ryan followed them, and at Third and
Market streets placed them under arrest
and took them to the City Prison. On ex
amining the contents of the basket, Ryan
discovered a pawn ticket for a poid watch
and chain ai.d a diamond ring in tbe name
of Josephine L>avi.«, dated in April last.
This gave him a clew and he accused the
men of committing the burglary at Mrs.
Davis' house at Suisun, but they stoutly
denied it. The men gave the "names of
Edward G. Wright and Cortis Hinds, and
their occupation as laborers. They are
both young men.
The Sheriff of Solano County was notified
of their arrest, and yesterday morning
Constable Kinloch arrived with a Justice's
warrant, charging the men with burglary.
They were booked en route to Suisun, and
last night Constable Kinloch left with
them.
EARLY MORNING ROBBERY.
Three Barbarjr (.oust Itounders Charged
With the Crime.
L. Roderick-. Phil Canatejo and Joseph
Baker were arrested on Broadway at 4
o'clock yesterday morning by Officer D
G. Bell and Special Officer 6. H. Berge.
They were charged with robbing Martin
Lewis of a watch and chain.
The watch and chain waß found on the
sidewalk, where the thieves dropped it
when they saw the officers approach.
Fir* on Third Street.
The Fire Department was culled out yester
day afternoon to extinguish a fire in the rear
of Btencelt' dry-goods store at 42 Third street,
under the Winchester Hotel. Theflre etaited
in the rear of the store, where some empty
boxes and old lumDer had beeu throwu. About
$500 worth of damage to tne dr y-soods store
and the paint and parnsr store of Merchant 6l
Vickels adjoining was caused by water, while
the roomers in the hotel got & harmless tcare.
Hours School foi Boy«, Burlingame. Sixth
year begins Aug. 4. Irati. Hoiit, Ph.D., Master*
HE EATS EGGS
BY THE SCORE.
George Parsons' Record as
a Foe of the Indus
trious Hen.
FAMED AS A GOURMAND.
Believed to Be the Champion
in His Line, Though He
Loses a Wager.
BEATEN BY OVEE-CONFIDENCE.
Attempts to Dispose of Four Dozens
After Eating an Ordinary
Meal-
An egg famine has been averted. The
man who can at one sitting dispose of the
product of the combined labor of fifty
hens for one day, or one ben for fifty days,
! is vanquished. His fame as a gastronomic
wonder will no longer bear tbe light of an
{ X-ray inspection.
George Parsons is a teleeraph operator,
and a good one, bat it is not as a juggler with
electricity that he has won the plaudits of
the multitude. Parsons' "strong holt" is ;
a well-developed appetite and a fondness
for egps. He eats eggs three times a
day— boiled eggs, fried eggs, scrambled
epgs and eggnog; eegs of the hen, the
duck, tne goose, the ostrich or the turtle —
anything that wears a shell and is not so
stale as to provoke unfavorable comment
It is said of this gourmand that be has
but onp "square" meal a week, and that
on payday. He has been known to fre
qeotlv enter a restaurant and call for two
dozen fried eges. At first the waiters
would look at Parsons with tears in their
eyes, but now they are accustomed to his
strange order and are not offended if he
abuses them for failing to select the
largest fruit ol the fowly ard. The annihila
tor of eggs goes into those two dozen as a
terrier would into a cageful of rats. Oc
casionally he stops to eat a bun or drink a
cup of coffee.
When the victuals or his exchequer are
eibausted he leaves the place reluctantly
and hies away to curb his charging appe
tite until the next meal hour arrives.
Often after one of these meals — ordinary
to him, but death by torture to a common
man — he mounts a bicycle and rides a
distance of thirty or forty miles into the
country to "settle his stomach," and the
bent at tbe end of the route he chooses
are forced to work overtime for the next
week or two to regulate the supply and
demand. IM-1 , 
Napoleon met his Waterloo; Marc An
tony fell before the wiles of Cleopatra:
Mayor Sutro has his Broderick to contend
with and George Parsons went up against
too many eggs. He was the victim of
over-confidence. Having prepared for the
fray by imbibing sundry potions of
"steam" and disposing ot an order of pork
and beans, sufficient in itself for a street
sweeper, he attempted to partake of four
dosen fried eggs on a wager. It was the
error of his life— the BharKey that ended
his champiousnip.
The match was made in the little Ger.
man restaurant on Geary street, near
Kearny, on Saturday night. Several hours
previously Parsons had dined heartily.
The gnawing of hunger led him restau
rantward once more, and, accompanied Dy
friends, he sat down to partake of a goodly
quantity of pork and beans, with buns,
coffee and other accessories. These dis
posed of, and his yearning yet unsated, he
negotiated a bet with bis companions. The
terms were tbat he should eat forty-eight
fried eggs within thirty minutes, being al
lowed a two minutes' breathing spell be
tween each dozen. If he succeeded, the
others were to pay for the meal and a week's
board for the victor; if he lost, the matter
of settling with the cashier devolved upon
himself.
Four dozen of the largest eggs on hand
were selected and, without delay, the
gourmet began his task. He was still
hungry when the first dozen disappeared.
Tbe second twelve faded away as mist be
fore a July sun. As tbe start was made
on the second half of the consignment,
those who had wagered their money
aeainst his appetite wanted to hedge.
They appeared grieved and melancholy,
like tbe backers of Ida Saver at the old
Bay District track.
Laattuing to scorn their talk of compro
mise Parsons started after the third dozen.
Seeminely he still w»s hungry. He had
got to the thirty-third etsg, when suddenly
his grin died away. Swallowing became
difficult, and even the drinking of two
cupfuls of coffee did not alleviate his dis
tress. The champion, seeing defeat at
hand, put on a bold front in the hope that
the other bettors would again seek to
hedge; but they had watched the craning
of his tfeck and bulging of his eyes orer
the last egg and were gloating silently.
The thirty-fifth egg went tbe way of its
predecessors, and then Parsons leaned
back in nis chair and solemnly announced:
"I quit you-"
A yell of delight went up from the spec
tators. It was the exuiting shout of
Envy's triumph. The king ot egg-eaters
was dethroned, and by a plate of pork and
beans.
Failure cost the eg»-eater $2 40— the
price of his meal. Like Corbett, he admits
that he underrated his task, and intends
to try again. He is likely to win.
FRENCH CHARITY.
Generous Distribution of tbe Proceeds
of ths Recent Celebration of
the Fall of the Bastile.
The finance committee of the 14th of
July celebration, composed of P. A. Ber
gerot, J. Lambla and John Bayle, sub
mitted its report last night at tbe meeting
of tbe general committee of the financial
operations of the celebration. The report
shows that the' total gate receipts amounted
to $29j1 49 and that tbe expenses were
$1092, leaving a balance on hand of
$1899 49. It was decided to reserve $149 49
of the net proceeds for next year's cele
bration and to distribute tbe remainder to
Tarious charitable organizations, as fol
lows: To the French Ladies' Benevolent
Society, $1000; to the invalids' relief fund
of the French Hospital Society, $300; to
the Alliance Francaise for the support of
French classes in the public schools, $200;
to the indigent French at the Almshouse, •
$100; to the widows' and orphans' police
fund, $JOO, and to the Union Chretienne, a
relief society, $50.
A vote of tnanks was next adopted in
favor of Mme. C. Fischter for having sung
"The Star-spangled Banner" and to E. J.
Dupuy and Professor E. Knowlton for
having pronounced the French and Ameri
can orations respectively.
The eeneral committee then adjourned
sine die, after having elected the follow
ing committee to take charge of the next
year's celebration: S. Weill, P. A. Ber
jterot, J. Godart, J. Deschamps and Julius
8. Godeau.
MARCH TO SANTA CRUZ.
A Summer Outing for the First
United States In
fantry. . #
The Quartermaster -General of the
Army Will Retire To-Day— Ap.
plicants for the Place.
It has been derided that seven com
panies of the First United States Infantry,
under Colonel Shafter, shall go to Santa
Cruz for a practice march and camp of in
struction in field exercises.
Last Wednesday Captain Charles G.
Starr, Company F, and Lieutenant Sydney
A. Clomau, Company £, started in an am
bulance for Santa Cruz. They have gone
in advance to select a site for the camp
and grounds for the maneuvers.
Four companies of the regiment are at
Angel Island and three at Benicia bar
racks. They will leave San Francisco Au
gust 10 for Santa Cruz and will remain
there until the middle of September. The
troops will march to Santa Cruz via San
Mateo. Belmont, Redwood City, Los Gatos
and thence over the mountains to the sea.
An army retiring board has been ap
pointed to'meet at Chicago. August 10, or
as soon thereafter as practicable, for the
examination of such officers as may be
ordered before it. Detail: Major-General
Wes:ey Merritt, Brigadier-General John
K. Brooke. Colonel James F. Wade, Fifth
Cavairy; Lieutenant-Colonel William H.
Forwood, D. 8. G. ; Major Calvin de Witt,
smrceon; Lieutenant-t'oionel W. Clous,
D. J. A. G., recorder.
Major J. A. Darling, Fifth Artillery, has
been ordered to report in person to the
president of the retiring board in Chicago.
Colonel Crofton of the Fifth Infantry
has determined to contest the authority
of the board to retire him. Army officers
generally entertain the opinion that the
colonel has made a mistake of judgment
iv forming this decision.
R, N. Batchelder, quartermaster-general
of the army, retires to-day. General
Batchelder entered the volunteer service
early in the Civil War, and displayed so
much ability as a quartermaster that he
was promoted and commissioned in the
regular army.
While stationed in this department he
planned and executed many improve
ments at the Presidio reservation. Men
who did not give him credit for unselfish
motives started the report that he was
largely interested in San Francisco real
estate adjacent to the reservation. The
report waa accepted as correct, so when
General Batcbelder was in this City a few
weeks ago be was asked about his real
estate holdings here. He replied that he
never had any property interests in San
Francisco. He will probably make his
home henceforth in. or near Washington,
where be has acquired some real estate
and made other investments.
General Batchelder's successor, it is
thought, will be Colonel C. G. Sawtelle, the
ranking colonel, although the latter will
retire May 10. 1898. Colonel M. U Lud
ington is the second ranking colonel on
the list ana as he will not attain the age
of retirement until July 4, 1903, it is
fancied that the President may yet decide
to give him the preference. Colonel G. H.
Weeks, who retires February 3, 1898, and
Colonel Moore, who will not retire until
October 26, 1901, are applicants for the
position.
A general court martial convened at the
camp of the Light Artillery Battalion,
Santa Cruz, last week for the trial of
Private Benjamin A. Barlow, Battery D.
The followine officers constitute the court:
Captain Charles Morris, Captain Frank
Thorp, Captain Euclid B. Frick, assistant
surgeon; First Lieutenant Wilrnot E.
Ellis and Second Lieutenants William G.
Harm, Thomas W. Marston, Louis R.
Burgess, Charles P. Summerall and
George G. Gately. The last named is
judge advocate.
The order appointing the court contains
this paragraph: "The trial of the case
being necessary for the Bake of immediate
example the court will sit without regard
to hours."
Leive of absence for ten days has been
granted to First Lieutenant W. W. Gal
braith, adjutant Fifth Artillery.
Furloughs have been granted to Thomas
Powell, Battery E, Fifth Artillery; Cor
poral Charles W. Holliday, Troop D,
Fourth Cavairy ; Corporal Charles Morri
son and Alban Daumler, Battery L, Fif :tx
Artillery, and William A. Martin, Com
pany H, First Infantry.
■ •■ ■» — » ■
During a single flood of the Yangtse-
Kiang, iv China, 600,000 persons were
drowned.
new TO-DAT.
Take m n Substitute.. '-■ ■" — -"••
Take No Substitute*
Gail Borden
Eagle Brand
I- "■- — rnwftCTgffl MILK
I Has always stood FIRST la th« estima-
* t!on of the American People. ' No -other is
; t "just as good." Best Infant Tood. • , |
ALBERT STETSON
LAID TO REST.
Simple Funeral Ceremonies
at the Late Resi
dence.
LESSONS FROM PROVERBS
Rev. Robert Mackenze's Im
pressive Words on the
Life of Man.
BATTLES FOUGHT IN THE SOTTL.
"The Spirit Helpeth Oar Infirmities,
but Who Can Bear a Wounded
Spirit?."
The aristocratic neighborhood of Clay
street and Van Ness avenue was yesterday
the scene of one of the most solemn and
impressive funerals ever witnessed in San
Francisco. More than two hundred of the
most prominent men and women of the
City gathered at the Stetson residence,
1801 Van Ness avenue, at 1 o'clock, to pay
their respects to the family of the late
Albert L. Stetson and offer their tributes
of loving remembrance to him that lay
asleep in death beneath countless wreaths
and tender little immortelles.
The conspicuous feature about the as
sembly was the preponderance of eminent
citizens — men whose names and achieve
ments are known wherever the fame of
the State has spread. The services were
simple and beautiful, marked by a gener
ous catholicity of sentiment that appealed
with touching power to all who heard the
words of comfort that fell from the pas
tor's lips.
Promptly at 12 :30 the doors of the resi
dence were opened to the family's friends,
and shortly thereafter a number had as
sembled in the parlors, library and spa
cious hallway. At 1 o'clock the services
began with singing, the choir being sta
tioned in the back parlor adjoining the
front room, where lay the body of the un
fortunate dead.
The choir sang softly, "Nearer, My God,
to Thee,' ' and the words sounded strangely
plain in the silence of the bereaved house
hold. As the theme rose in melody the i
eyes of strong men were fiiled with tears.
The son? done, Rev. Robert Mackenzie
read a cnapter from Proverbs.
Then there was another song. This time
Cardinal Newman's immortal creation,
"Lead, Kindly Light." It was now time
for the words Over the dead. Gently the
silver-haired minister stepped into the
hallway and began: "Friends, how strik
ing at this solemn moment are the words
of God found in Proverbs, 'The Spirit
Helpeth Oar Infirmities,' and the qfues
tion that follows close, 'But Who Can Bear
a Wounded Spirit?' There is great wisdom,
great food for thought in these words."
The speaker's manner was quiet, im
pressive and conversational, fie cited ex
amples from the lives of men to illustrate
the words of the text.
"We have all seen the case!of some'poor
cripple," be said, "chained in a diseased
and deformed body, harassed by cares and
racked by pain, yet living on and on to
old age, refusing to surrender. "Why?
Some people say because he has a strong
will. Ad, truly, this only means that he
has a spirit that helpeth his infirmities, a
dauntless spirit. But if the spirit is
stricken by invisible shafts, as by storms
and thunderbolts, what then? If tne cita
del is stormed by unseen forces, what
then? Who Knows what battles are fought
in another man's heart? Who knows why
the wounded giant falters? What man
shall judge of his brother, or woo can look
into another's soul and say what conflicts
are rasing on the battlefield there?
"The longer I live the more just and
beautiful it seeme to me that God has re
served the power of judging of human
conduct, and that we are not to pass sen
tence on our fellow-men.
"This moment we are in the presence of
a great bereavement. We have gathered
as friends and neighbors to sympathize
with a family that stands higb, a family
\ghose members have often consoled others
in the hour of sorrow. I offer them yoar
sympathy, but 1 ask that all of us, as we
step softly in the presence of the dead,
take unto ourselves the solemn lesson of
this deep mystery enfolded in another's
death. Let us properly read the lessons of
NEW TO-DAT.
"The Russians are great tea-
drinkers, and they know tea so
well that they would refuse to drink
the sloppy and— — kinds that are
sold so large in American shops.
(Brooklyn, N. V., Eagle).
To whatever extent local
politics are corrupt, it is
due to your indifference —
how much is that? Does
your public-spiritedness
deserve better politics?
We are telling you about
pure tea, fresh-roasted tea,
delicious tea; and every-
thing we say we back up
with money back if you don't
like it. If you will not try
such tea, when you can do
so with perfect safety, col-
ored tea seems a fair
reward for your indiffer-
ence. *
Your money back if you
don't like Schilling's Best.
A Schilling & Company '
San Francisco '325
THESDCCESS OF THE
THE LADIES' GRILL BOOM
_, _J Of THE-
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPES UNTIL HIDNieSX.
kew to-dat:
j! The Woman,
$ The Man,
A^The Pill, j:
<? She was a good woman. Ke <■]>
( j> loved her. She -was his wife. j\
<[> The pie was good; his wife $j
|& made it; he ate it. But the j
{ l pie disagreed with him, and «[
!j> he disagreed with his wife.
] Now he takes a pill after pie jj
i'l and is happy. So is his wife. \
) The pill he takes is Ayer's. <
<^ Moral: Avoid dyspepsia (
{) by using [
l{ Ayer's S
I Cathartic Pills. |
the hour ana be thankful that for the pres
ent we have a spirit that helps us to bear
our infirmities.
Following the sermon there was a brief
and simple prayer. ' The/ man of God
prayed for the lightening of tbe sorrows of
the bereaved and asked that mercy prevail
and temper every judgment.
• The cboir then sang "Thy Will Be
Done," after which those assembled
viewed the face of their dead friend and
withdrew, heeding tne minister's re
quest that the family be allowed to take
their leave of the Head and accompany the
remains to the Odd Fellows' Cemetery
alone. The interment was private at Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
Following were the pallbearers: Charles
Hug, Grove P. Avers, Jo : n Scott. James
Oxnard, Harry Holbrook, Richard Steven
son, Frank P. Sherman, J. D. Spreckels.
* * • \
Insured property to the value of £30,000
is burned England every day.
NEW TO-LAT-AMUSEMEHTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
•*. at the V "Grand Reopening .
Baldwin mmi
SEVENTH ANNUAL TOIK CHARLES
FROM MAN'S
EMPIRE THEATER CO.,
From the Empire Theater, New York, pre-
senting the Principal New York cesses.
THIS WEEK ONLY-MAT. SATURDAY.
Clyde Fitch's Comedy,
BOHEMIA
As Presented for Over 100 Nights at the
, ■ , - Empire Theater.
Next Monday, Aug. 3— Another Great Success,
'THE BENKFIT OF THE DOUBT," by Pinero.
Third week, Monday. Aug. 10 — "The Mu-
ineraders." AH plays presented with the Empire
Theater Scenery and Accessories.
_ atthf I Farewell Week !
California las ™?« htsi
vnulWMlin M . tiM .. Saturday.
i. R. Stockwell's Company of Players
edk. HUM — COGOLAS
The Grandest Shakespearean Revival in Years.
• - ■ ■ An Elaborate scenic Production— THE •
"MERCHANT OF VENICE V
klr. Warcle as s>hylock - Miss Coghlun as Portia
(First time here). (First time here).
Monday, Aug. 3-CHAUN'CEY OLCOTT in
MAVOCRNEEN." __
TSICCLM»DtR.OOTTLOD«'cP- it»E3 AnorwiAtua— '
"THE "I TO-
HIGHEST! NIGHT
BIDDER" !
STeed Not Pay an Advance on Our Regular Popu-
lar Prices to See this Great New York Lyceum
Theater Success, presented by the Only
. Perfect Dramatic Organization,
THE - FRAWLEY • COMPANY
The Same Excellent Cast and. Again, New, '
Elaborate Scenes.
NEXT WEEK
A GOLD MINE"
A /id First Appearance of WILTON LACKAYK
and LOUISE THORNDYKE-BOUCICAULT.
SEATS ON SALE THURSDAY. "
-Now,' Don't Walt.-
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Una. £.ba-estixk Kkxt,t vi. Proprietor & -Uau»£.u
Season of Italian and English Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mb. Gcatav Hinbichs.
THIS EVENING
Also Wednesday, Friday and Scnday, .
Bizet's Romantic Opera,
"OA.PL^CH33Sr !" -
TO-MORROW VEXING •
* Also Thursday and Saturday,
Gounod's Immortal Opera,
— ' 'FAUST
Great Casts !
Correct Costumes! Beautiful Scenery I
Next Week -"PAGLIACCI."
Popular' Prices— 25c and 5O?.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater la Amerioa.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sols Leu<M and Manaxa;
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT.
Limited Star Engagement of the Romantic Actor,
JAMES 31. BROPHV
"Our California Boy,"
In the Title Role of Gunter's Great Drama,
"MR. BARNES OF NEW YORK I"
The Attraction of the Season.
Evening Prices— 2sc and 50c.
. Family Circle and Gallery, 10c.
Usual Matinee* Saturday and Sunday.
<!#s&s&»
O'FarreU Street. Between Stockton and PowolL
Week Commencing Monday, July 37.
NEW AND (;»KAT CARDS, NEW
HKKR TECHOW
And His Marvelous Performing Cats.
LYDIA YEAMANS-TITUS,
Assisted by FRED J. TITUS.
BIONDI in New Sketches.
ARAGON and a Great Vaudeville Co.
Reserved seats, 'Joe;- Balcony, 10c; Opera Chain
nd Box Seats." 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
THE CHUTES,
CASINO!
A.nd Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth!
EV FRY AFTERNOON" AND EVENING.
YESTERDAY 8561 PEOPLE MET .
"joe
And Were Amazed at His Intelligence.
A Wonderful Bill or Novelties- — -
And Positively Las Week of
THE MAELO-DI'SHAM FAMILY.
ADMISSION— IO CENTS!
Children, Including Merry -Go- 5 cents.
fafc
AND PLEASURE GROUNDS.
ENTIRELYNEW PROGRAMME
Including the Wonderful Man-Fish. ■
Concerts at 3 and 8 P. M. Dally.
sutro's Scenic Rail way. Now ; Running*
General AamisBioa— Adults 10c, Children sc.
78
FRATERNAL BONDS
Order of the Eastern St»r.
Mrs. Mary E. Partridge, most worthy erand
matron of the General Grand Chapter, has re
turned to her home in Oakiaud after a visit to
chapters In Idaho, Utah, Oregon and Washing
ton. She was well received and well enter
tained wherever she visited.
Grand Patron Merritt visited Suisun Chapter
last week. He will leave this City on the 9th
of August for a visit to the chapters in Hum
boldt County.
Independent Order of Odd Fellow*.
The Veteran Odd Fellows' Association of Cali
fornia paid a fraternal visit to Magnolia Lodge
last Tuesday and inert- was a very cordial greeting
from the noble grand and the members ot the vis
ited lotige. W. S. Dryden. the active and very
energetic president of the veterans, made an elo
quent speech aud he was followed by Veterans
ulßflOffth, NVinii, OPS— It, Burns and others. Sear
the close of Uie session Magnolia received a frater
nal visit from members of Burns Lodge. At the
close of the lodge the visitors accompanied the
rnembe-s of Magnolia to-» neighboring restaurant,
wht-r- a fine spread awaited them.
(iraui Patriarch <i<-orge W. Ueid has announced
the folio«in« visitations during the month of Au
gust: Ktna Encampment, August 1; Red Bluff
Kncatnpment, August 3; Stella Encampment,
Wevaerville, August 4; Mount .Shasta Kncamp
ment, Dunsmuir, August 6; Siakiyou Encamp
ment, Yreka, August 7: Scot ts Valley Encamp
ment, Fort Jones, August 8: Marysville En
campment, August 12; Golden "West Encamp
ment, Couisa, August 13; Shasta Encampment,
Bedding. Augus 14.
The members of Oriental Encampment were on
Saturday, the 18th, the guests of Sunset Encamp
ment of Aiameda.
Trnßtees Smith and Jones left this City last Fri
day in company of E. A. Hermann, architect, to
ascertain what is needed at the home In Therma
lito.
On the evening of the sth of next September the
Kidcley Association will give its first entertain
mint in odd Fellows' Hal. There will be a lit
erary and musical program me and a dance.
The Ketoekahs.
Mrs. Marian Greenwood, grand president of th«
Kebekahs, will soon start on a tour of visitation as
follows: In Humboldt lounty— July 30, Forest,
Blue Lake: Jn'y 81. Kmpress, Arcata; August 1,
Hvdesville, Hydesville; August 4, Ferndale. Fern
dale; August b. centennial, Eureka; August 6,
Independence, roriuna, and Angust 8, Khoner
vilie, Rhonerville.
lv Sonoma County— Angust 20, Silver Spray at
Petaluma, August 21, Oak Leaf at Santa Rosa
and August 22, Bloomneid at Bluotnneid. In Lake
County— August 24, Triple Link, Lakeport: Au
gust 28, Clear Lake, Lower Lake: August 26. Oro
lino. Mirtdletown, and Aukusi 28, Queen of the
i-ake, fpptr Lake.
A meeting wl.I be held next week at Gllroy for
the purpose of examining plans for the new home
to be erected for the orphaus of Odd Fe-lows.
>~ext Wednesday Pacific and Golden (jate lodges
will pay a fraternal visit to Oriental Kebekab
Lodge in this City.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
Grand Master Vinter was a visitor to tbe lodge
in sauta Crus last Monday, on the following day
be was with Mount Hamilton Lodge, on Wednes
day he visited Xoe Valley Lodge, on Thursday he
was with Pacific Lodge in Oakland and on Satur
day inch: he galled on Dawn of Hope Lodge, De
gree of Honor.
Speaking of the condition of the order at this
time tbe Grand Master Workman said; "I find
satisfaction everywhere with coming new order of
assessments. It Is more equitable and contains
two important factors which will enable it to com
pete, with every chance of success, with other in
stitutions for the patronage of the young and the
assurance of the perpetuity to the old."
Grand Foreman A. F. Mackay has been making
a tour of the Southern part of the State. Writing
from Los Angeles to the Grand Master he says:
••1 n the 27th of. last month visited Wilmington
lodge in company with Past Grand Master Booth. I
Theie were many brothers from t-an Pedro and
tht-r ■ was a good ilea of life. With the assistance
of Brother Carpenter installed the officers of silver
Star Lodge on the 6th of July. On the 13th, in
company with Brother Booth attended a joint
meeting of Silver Gate and Point Loma louges.
Found the Workmen of San Diegj fully alive,
especially those of Point Loma, who are doing good
work.
"Your deputy, Brother Stelner, is doing good
work, and Brother Matlgley is a nost in himself.
To him is due much of the life of Point Loma. The
brothers of San Diego chartered a special train
and went 10 El Cajon Valley, where the officers of
the lodge were installed. We bad the pleasure of
witnessing the initiation of three candidates by
the amp.ified form and screen work, tbe officers
<>f Point Loma officiating and furnishing the para
phernalia, doing the work In a very creditable
manner in a darkened room. From the interest
and enthusiasm manifested by the brothers of San
Diego and this little valley, 1 look for abundant
results this year, and I feel encouraged and repaid
for this trip lo >an Di»go. Last Monday I as
sisted to install the officers of Citrus Lod«e,
Brother Geary being the installing officer. This
lodge wants encouragement. It promises t o pro
duce some candidates at an early day. Will visit
Ontario arid Pomona."
On Wednesday evening, August 6, a joint meet
ing of Eureka Valley Lodge, Alta Lodge, h.xct-1
sior Lodge, >oe Vahey Lo ge, Falrmount Lodge,
Bernal Lodge and Bay View Lodge will be held in
Klcelsior Hal, on Mission street, on which occa
sion Grand Kecorder Hirshberg will address the
meeting and explain the new plan of classified as
sessments.
The grand recorder will tell the members of Oak
Leaf Loage, Oakland, to-night all about the new
plan of assessment adopted by the Supreme
Lodge.
The nineteenth anniversary of Pacific Lodge
was celebrated last Thursday evening. There was
a large attendance. William Winnie. P. M. \V. t
who was the first recorder, gave an interesting
account of the work of tbe lodge. Charles G.
R ade, who was the lodge's first overseer, paid
an eloquent tribute to tbe departed dead of the
lodge, and then tbe meeting was addressed by
Grand Master Workman William Vinter and
Grand Recorder Hirshberg, who gave a lucid ex
planation of the object and effect of tbe new as
sessment plan, and for this he was given a unani
mous vote of thanks. Fast Supreme Master Work
man W. H. Jordan, who was elected master work
man of Pacific when it was instituted, June 24,
1877, was present.
Degree of Honor.
The officers of Dawn of Hope Lodge of Oakland
were installed last Saturday night by District
Deputy Mrs, Eva Coogun. Among those who wit
nessed the ceremony were Past Master Workman
A. J. Loveiaud and wife and George Tilford and
daughter, who recently arrived in this State from
the East, and Anna Williams, recorder of Rose
Leaf Lod.-e of Buite, Mont.
Tue play presented some time ago for the benefit
of Ivy Chapter, and written by Mrs. Donalason.wlll
be pr— en ed again at some future time.
There is a marked Increase in the number of
beneficiary members.
Native Sons of the Golden West.
The ritual comml-r.ee, of which Frank L. Coombs
is chairman, has after many sessions, during
which the proposed changes were carefully consid
ered, concluded us work, and the new ritual will
be in the hands of the proper officers by the latter
part of August. The new work is more concise
than the old one. much superfluous language hav
ing been eliminated.
The officers of Yerba Buena Parlor were in
stalled list Tuesday by C. A. Boldeman, D. D. a.
P., assisted by Joseph E. O'Donnell as grand mar
shall ami J. J. Jamison as granu secretary.
Grand Organizer Tat ham Is doing excellent work
in the line of infusing life Into the parlors that for
wme time have been suffering from an attack of
sleepiness. He has receruly reorganized the par
lor at Lemocre, Induced the members of Fresno
Parlor to take a t'resh start and then went to Han
ferd 10 reorjjanizu the parior there.
During the week the grand nresldent will issue
b of September or Admission day nrocla
--
-1 evening an entertainment will be
giveu In ihe California Theater for the joint bene
fit of Olympia and Presidio parlors. Hose Cosh
lan an<l Frederick Warde will appear In "The
Merchant of Venice."
J. W. J ravers of Oakland Parlor and editor of
the Aiameda Kncinal was >he guest of Grand Sec
retary Luns:edt last woek.
A number of new parlors will shortly be insti
tuted, and within a few weeks the officers will he
keept busy.
The proceeding! of the session of the lately held
Gn.n : i'ariorhave been distributed to the subor
dinate pa iors and to all entitled to receive th^m
It is a bi ok of 273 pages, and a very clear, concise
and comprehensive account of all tba. was done
in the Grand Parlor.
Placervllle Parlor has elected the following offi
cers for the ensuing term: s. H. Kantz, P • Joe
McKep, first V. P.; A. K. Zwisler, seconu V. P • c
JSwisler, third V. P.: O. E. Pierce, F s • E I*
Bosquit, B. s. ; W. K. Secomb. M.; S. H. 'Ra'ntz
and X. W, Mountain, surgeons.
Tft«re are at this time two members of the order
from the Interior who are on the sick list. One is
under the care of callfornir Parlor ana the other
Is under the care of Golden Gate Parlor
The Banner Club of Preclta Parlor gave its third
anniversary bill in tbe hall of Mission Parlor on
the eveninu of Saturday, the 18th inst., and it was
a urai.d success.
Judge 1:. M. skinner, one of the oldest Native
Sons in Humboldt County, Is taking an unusual
Interest in the i.ew parlor to be Instituted at Blue
Lakes. It will be named Commodore -loat.
Alcatraz Parlor, N. 8, and La Kstrella Parlor,
ft. D.. pave a joint entertainment in the Native
FINANCIAL. ,
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WttttLoCK & CO., '
4 Leldesdorff St. Tel. Main 1954.
- . BBANrn OFFICE • •» ■
«28 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
■ J. 8. PUEIJY. Manager.' :-• •-■-■
Orders tustantly executed on latent, market quo-
* ; Utlons. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F. - *
C&ICAOU I tKIYATii WlttiS. , JU JtW YOUK.
sons' building last Thursday, and at that time
Grand Secretary Lunstedl .was awarded a hand
some cbiua tea-set, he having won it at a raffle.
S»qnoia Parlor will give a ball In Native Sons'
Hal od Friday next in kid of its flag fund.
The officers of Oakland Parlor were installed last
week by W. H. I* Hynes, D. D. G. P., for Alameda,
in public In Loring Hall, which had been taste
fully decorated lot the occasion. Dancing followed
the service of installation.' : The same officer also
installed the officers of Alameda Parlor.
National Parlor will give a ball and entertain
ment in Native Sons' Hall on the 4th of August.
The Library and Reading-room Association has
elected the following officers: H. G. W. Dlnkel
spiel of Bay City Parlor, president: Fred W. Lees
of Yerba Buena Parlor, vice-president; F. W.
Smith of Pacific Parlor, secretary, and L. M. Bar
man of Sequoia Parlor, treasurer.
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
On the evening of the 15th>the officers of Golden
State Parlor No. 60 were installed in Balboa Hall,
Native Sons' building, by District Depnty-at-large
Mrs. D. Daniels, assisted by. Miss Collins as past
grand president, Mrs. Pomerly as grand marshal,
and Mrs. D. Danabey as grand secretary. The
officers Installed are:' Miss Mamie Ducker, past
president; Miss Millie Tietjeu, president; Miss
Gertie Pete 1 sod, first vice-president: Miss Louisa
H ay essen, second vice-president; Miss Lulu Fah
renkrug, third vice-president; Miss Johanna
Meyer, recording secretary (eighth term):. Miss
Lena Ducker. linaccial secretary (fifth term); Miss
Aurora Sheyer, treasurer pro tern.: Miss Annie
Maybery, marshal: Miss Louise Meyer, Inside sen
tinel: Mi.s Mamie Maguire, outside sentinel;
trustees— MUs Rosa Day (chairman). Miss Liliie
Üblig and Miss Freda yon Staden. .ifIKMUi
At the close of the installation - ceremony Miss
Mamie DticKcr, the retiring ' president, was,* by
Mrs. Daniels, on behalf of the parlor present*- 1
with a handsome ring, an opal set in diamonds, in
rememberanc« of the parlor's appreciation of the
very efficient manner in which she had discharged
her duties as an officer. Mrs. French on behalf of
the board of trustees, which was desirous
of manifesting bow much It esteemed - the
assistance rendered it during the past term by
Miss J. -•leyer. the obliging aud courteous record-
Ing secretary, presented that official an exquisite'
•■Jumbo"'cup and saucer. The utmost pleasant
feeling prevailed during the eveningand after con
gratulation refreshments were served.
Tae committee that Is to have charge of the
bazaar and social that will be given by Golden State
Parlor in the banquet hah of the N. S. building on
the afternoon and eveninz of the 6th Of August is
composed of the following charming young ladies:
Miss Rosa Day (chairman), Miss Mamie Magulre,
Miss Louise Meyer, Miss Annie May berry. Miss
Llllle I bliK, Miss Mamie Ducker and Miss Freda
yon Staden.
After an absence of two weeks at Larkspur Mrs.
J. Siebe, treasurer of the Golden State Parlor, has
returned to this City.
Un the 20th insl. Miss Rosa Day, D. D. G. P.,
accompanied by Miss Lillie I'hlig, both of Golden
State i-arlor, installed the officers of Santa Rosa
Parlor, Miss Uhlig acting as past grand. On the
day following the installation Miss Minnie Coulter,
past grand president of the order, took the visitors
for a drive over the beautiful country surrounding
Ci y of Roses.
At the last meeting of Golden State Parlor Mrs.
Lottie van Harllngen, president of Dardanelle Par
lor, was a visitor and was greatly Interested in the
proceedings.
The officers of Marguerite Parlor of Placervllle
were in-tailed last week by Deputy District Grand
President Mrs. Abbie Jacox. The officers are:
Sarah -imon. P. P.; Lou Camplnl, P.; May Ballsy,
first: Katie Pitchford, second, and Mary Fisher,
third vice-president; Katie Briggs, R. S. ; Lou
Suepard, F. S. ; Dora Zeiss. M.; Rosa Kohn. T.;
Mattie McComber, I. S. ; Mary Gelbenhain, O. S. ;
Laura Schiff, Maro Roland and Mamie Carr. trus
tees. During the evening there was a literary and
musical programme and refreshment.
Oil the evening of the 15th the officers of Yo
semite Parlor were installed by Deputy District
Urand President Mrs. schroeder of Aiameda Par
lor. Mrs. Dr. M. P. Campbell, the retiring presi
dent, was presented with a very fine badge.
Order of Chosen Friend*.
The event of the week in this order was the in
stallation of the officers of Evans Council, No. 62,
in Concord Hall, Alcazar Building, last Thursday
night. The installation was public, and the very
Interesting ceremony was witnessed by a large
number of persons, the ladles predominating, but
all taking a deep Interest In the wort as pre
sented by District Deputy Fred A. Taylor, the in
stalling officer, assisted by Grand Recorder S. C.
Wai lis, act ins; as grand marshal. The officers in
stalled were: Past councilor, Miss M. Underwood;
Mrs. C. J. Sweeney, C; Mrs. M. J. McCall,' V. C.
(re-elected): W. N. Brunt, instructor; Mrs. C R.
Sain, secretary (tenth term); Walter N. Brunt,
treasurer (ninth term); Mrs. S. Buckland, pre
late: E. E. Chessman, marshal; Julia Brown,
warden: Mrs. B. Pucker, guard (re-elected): Mrs.
B. Murray, sentry. The charges were delivered
by the district deputy in an impressive manner,
and after that official had announced that, the
officers bad been duly installed according to the
laws or the order the newly Invested president,
Mrs. Sweeney, invited a.l present to visit social
Hall, on the upper floor, to partake 01 the hospi
talities of tbe council.
There Treasurer Brunt, acting as master of cere ,
monies, started the music, and to the sweet melody
of a modern day waltz many couples moved in
graceful whirls around the hall. Several other
dances followed, and then Miss Frances Buckland,
a bright little miss of 6, with pretty face and long
light curls, gave a recitation, "Don'ts," in a man
ner that was remarkable for one of her age. After
more dancing. Past Supreme Councilor Arnold
made a few remarks on the advantages of belong
ing to the Chosen Friends, alluded to the neces
sity for the change that had been made In the mut
ter of assessments, and showed that the wisdom of
the move had since been observed and followed by
other organizations, and then requested the acting
grand marshal to present the past couuci.or. Miss
M. Underwood, a tall, ma]est!c-looking young lady,
with an exceedingly pleasing face, was presented
and was addressed by the past supreme officer,
who, at the close of his remarks, handed her a case
containing a very handsome void pin, having at
tache.l to it the emblem of the order, telling her
that it was a token of the high esteem she was
held In, not only as an officer, but as a member of
the council. Then there was more dancing and
recitations and a. cold collation In the banquet
hall.
Among the prominent members of the order
present were Past Supreme Councilor Arnold,
Grand Councilor M. Boeirn, Past Grand Councilors
H. W. Hutton and T. H. O'Brien, supreme Trus
tee W. F. i.lbson, Grand Treasurer Mrs. Clara Mc-
Donald and Grand Recorder s. C. Wallis.
Grand Councilor Boehm will soon start on a tour
of visitation to Downieville, Sierra City and tie
state of Nevada. He will be accompanied by
Grand Recorder Wallis.
Last Thursday, night Social Council received
three applications.
A circular is being prepared by the grand coun
cilor to be sent to each individual member, calling
his or her attention to the necessity of working for
the interest of the order.
Deputy Taylor, assisted by Grand Recorder Wal
lis. Installed the officers of Olive Branch Council
last Friday. i^SKC^BBS^
After the Installation of the officers of Berkeley
Council Mrs. M. D. H alien, the tiring councilor,
was presented with a handsome badge.
. Young; Men's Institute.
San Francisco Council's entertainment and
dance will be given in California Hall on the 11th
of August. '"^jgSijSSfiSP
Grand Director L. E. Mahan has been -visiting
the councils In Humboldt County.
A meeting of the councils of the Fourth District,
which is composed of San Francisco, Ignatlan.
Phil Sheridan and Borromean councils, will be
•held on the evening of the 12ih in Young Men's
Institute Hall. ; . . . . • ,
Grand President James Gallagher will be In this
City to-day.
On retiring from the office of president of
Blanchet council of Vancouver, Wash., James
Kel was presented a beautiful gold-headed cane.
. Young Ladies' Institute.
The following officers of Branch 2 have been In
stalled by Ella M. Corny ns, D. D. G. P., assisted
by Anna M. Powers, acting as marshal: Mary
Donnovan, P. P.: Kitty Desmond, P.; Tillie Cuff,
first vice-president.-. Mrs. M. Mullen, second vice
president; Helen K. Winters, R. H. ; Mary E. Don
novan, F. S.; Emma H. Pottshoff, T.; Minnie
Desmond, M. : Annie Donohue, I. s.: Theresa
Stevens, O. S.; trustees— J. Caufleld, Kate
O'Counell, JosrieT. Molloy. Mary Burke and Fan
nie Maynard. An entertainment followed the In
stallation. ■ ■. . ' : \
Preparations arc in progress for a mass-meeting
of the local and Oakland branches, to be held in
this «'ity some time during the month of August.
Branch 7 will give a party in Native tons' Hall
next month," ''ft JWW7tif#tflntaa
The report of the proceedings of the last session
of the Grand Council is being prepared and will be
ready for distribution in about two weeks. ' ■ -
The officer! of branch 3 were Installed last week
by Ella Crane; D. D. G. P. ,At that meeting the
branch received an addition of three members.
Foresters' of America.
Court Liberty No. 96 was reorganized last Tues
day evening in San \ Bernardino with thirty-two
members ' by Charles :M. Dexter, deputy grand
chief ranger at large, assisted by the officers and
members of : Court , Citrus No. 94 of :• Riverside.
'1 be following were installed *as the officers: Al
bert'MeUkow.J. P. C. R. ; I. S. Jacfcion, C. R.-
Dr. A. B. Hubbell, S. C. R. : J. N. Codorlc. treas
urer: ■. W. N. Keller, financial secretary: George
Feetham, recording secretary; W. W. Morgan, S.
W.- J. B. White, J. \\.; F. J. cole. S. B.: J. Mc-
Mahon., J. P,.; Dr. J. W.Aldridge, physician.
. 1 ru.tees-Marcus Levy. J. Alvarado and *>'■ *■
W. Aldridse.
Court israi Rock No. 45 celebrated its sixth an
niversary last Thursday evening with an enter
tainment and hop in Union-square Hal! "
Grand < hief Ranger. Vellagt- visited Court Har
monic in Oakland on last Tuesday evening, an.i
(,rand Sub 1 Chief Rang-r Saumiers visited court
Golden State in this City on Wednesday evening
.%. Ihe printed proceedings , of the last se.slon of
the Grand Court wer. distributed during the past
Jlr«i'>,»«~ h leryI cry com P rehe »»lv* volume, pre
pared by Grand Secre:ary Brewer.
All of the amendments to in- Grand and subor
dinate court constitution adopted at the recent
session of the Grand Court In Watsonvllle hafe
been approved by the supreme chief r» niter, with
the exception of the one prov.dlng for the presid-
Ing officer of the Grand Court In th\- event of "he
absence or disability of both tbe grand chief ranger
and the grand kub-cnlef ranger. , ranger
' Companions of the Forest, T. O. A.
: Miss ■A. D. ; Bremer, grand secretary, installed
the . newly elected • officers of Oakland Circle * No.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 27, 1896.
3 on last Monday evening as follows: Mrs. M.
Chaloner, j P. C. C; Mrs. A. Davis, C C. ; D. H.
Dewln. S. cl C.; Miss D. iecbwarz, financial secre
tary: Cha r i ' a Arnberger, recording secretary: Mrs.
F. Kowaijiiy, treasurer: Mrs. Cummins, R- G.:
Miss M. Pharis, L. O.; Miss P. Mend ilo wits, L G. :
A. D. Victor, O. G.: Miss Mar an Meutel, S. F.
Lewin and Miss Kowalsky, trustees;. Richard Am
berger, organist; Dr. J. Maher, physician. Dur
ing the evening a fraternal visit was received from
United states of -America • and Loral circles.
Henry- Kaufman, the retiring junior past, chief
companion, was presented with his certificate and
jewel, indicatlug bis rank and standing, and Mrs.
Chaloner, the retiring chief companion, was pre
sented with a handsome gold badge. ■■-. *
' Miss Bertha Hlntze, grand treasurer, assisted by
Mrs. K. Bolian. deputy grand chief companion, in
■tailed the newly elected officers of > Defiance Cir
cle No. 8g on last Thursday evening. After the
Installation refreshments were served ana dancing
indulged in. During the evening the retiring
junior past chief companion «.eor*e Alexander,
was presented with his certificate and jewel as a
past chief companion.
University. Circle No.,' 322 Invited its many
friends to an -At Home" social on last Saturday
evening in their hall In Golden Gate, Aiameda
County, . . : . ■
Mrs. M. A. Duke, grand chief companion, as
sisted by C. W. Stolker. deputy grand chief ■ com
panion, installed the newly elected officers of
American circle No. 155 in public in Petaluma on
last Tuesday evening. ; After the • - installation
those present adjourned to the banquet hall, where
a sumptuous repast was tln waiting. - Justice hav
ing been don* to the banquet, dancing followed.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
The High Court of the World will meat In Dun
dee, Scotland, on the 3d of August.
Court El Cajon was instituted at El Cajon, San
Diego County, last week by J. C> Spencer, assisted
by George H. P. Shaw, H. C. J. W. This court
started with thirty charter members. B. F. Jones
Is the secretary.
In the same county Court Ramona was insti
tuted at Ramona with thirty-two members. The
instituting officer was J. C. Spencer, who was . as
sisted by G. H. P. Shaw, H. CJ. W. The follow
ing named officers were elected . and Installed:
J. A. Verlaque. ' C. R. ; J. C. Barger, S. C. It.;
Thomas Jerman, T. ; B. Madison, F. 8.; J. E.
May dole, R. S.: P. L. Gender, S. W.; A. E.
Stokes, J. W.; William lloffatt, S. B.; U. L. Ver
laque, J. B.; G. F. Baker, organist, and Dr. Button,
physician.
The -officers of Court Oak Grove were Installed
last Tuesday, after which refreshments were
served.
Court Advocate of Oakland has installed the fol
lowing named officers: J. C. Buttuer, P. OR;
W. H. McCrlmmon, C R.; Scott Vanweyer, 8. C.
R.; 8. Ferris, F. S. ; H. B. Wayne, It. a: E. J.
Murphy, T.; J. J. Williams, 8. W.: S. F. Rutter,
J. W. : George Barger, 8. B.; Thomas Mullen, J.
B. ; Dr. A. Neils Taylor, physician.
Court Mokeiumue of West Point Installed its
officers at Its first meeting this month, after which
ther* was a literary and musical programme and
supper. The following-named will look after the
Interests of this court during the current term:
A. A. South wick, P. C. R.; C. D. Newell, C. R.;
W.Redmond F. 8.; F. L. Manley, R. S. : W.
Swindlehurst, T.; A. P. Lund, 8. W.; C. Gilbert
son, J. W. : George C. Bruce, & 8., and Alexander
Wright, J. B.
Companions of the Forest.
The following parties by the Companions of the
Forest are announced: This evening a banquet by
Sherwood Circle: social by Artemis Circle on
Wednesday: August 1, Olympia Circle: August 8.
Sherwood Circle; August 12, Loyal Circle: August
27, Justice Circle, and August 29, Bohemian
Circle. -.-
Jr. Order United American Mechanics.
The quarterly reports from the different sections
of tbe jurisdiction show an increase.
Gartield Council will at Its meeting to-night dis
cuss the silvTr question.
Tbe much-taiked-of excursion to Wildcat Can
yon by the .-members of Paul Revere Council for
the purpose oi exemplifying the outside work has
again been postponed, this time to tbe Bih of
August.
Ancient United Order of Druids.
On Tuesday, the 17th, Noble"rand Arch Devoto,
accom panied .by Grand Secretary Molllson and
Past Arch L. D. Bacigalupl, was In Eureka, Hum
boldt County, and there paid an official visit to
Washington and Americus groves, meeting In
joint session. There was a good meeting. A great
deal of enthusiasm was manifested and pleasure at
seeing the grand officers. Addresses were deliv
ered by the visitors ana by prominent members of
boh groves, after which there was a banquet at
the Vance House. • .
•- On Friday the grand officers paid a visit to Far
W.st Grove at Ferndale, and on that visit they
were accompanied by members of Amerlcus Grove.
The second and third degrees were conferred on
two candidates, aud the ceremony was followed by
a banquet. '
Last Tuesday tbe noble grand arch, accompanied
by H. J. Goller, D. G. A.; Grand Secretary Molli
son: K. Goetz, G. T. ; F. Cavagnaro, P. N. G. ■ O.
H. Bertram, and .W^ Geotz of N. A. of Nor ma
Grove; went to San Jose, where there was a joint
meeting of Garden, San Jose and Columbus groves.
A number of interesting and Instructive addresses
were delivered, and the visitors were much en
couraged by the int rest manifested by all present
in the work of the order. ... - .
Last Saturday the grand officers were In Santa
Cms, on Wednesday next they will go to May field
and on Saturday they will visit Morvin Grove in
Keiwood City.
The printed report of the proceedings of the laat
held Grand Grove (123 pages) has been sent out to
the subordinate groves by Grand Secretary Molii
so
Knights and Ladles of Honor.
Assessments 441 and 442 have been levied and
are payab c on or before the last day of August.
The new officers of Bay City Lodge will be in
stalled this evening.
Last Tuesday evening District Deputy Mrs. D.
J. Kaplan installed the officers of West End Lodge
and on Thursday evening she installed those of
Golden Rule Lodge. She was ably assisted by
Grand Chaplain Mrs.' A. Thompson, . Grand Guide
' Mrs. 8. Beverson and other members.of the order.
A joint open meeting under tbe au spices of the
four lodges in Aiameda County will be held In Oak
land some lime during next month.
Knights of Honor.
Grand Dictator Archibald is at present visit
the lodges in th« country, as already announced.
He has made the ; following announcements:
August 4 at Vallejo, 6th a-. Sulsun, 12th at Grass
Valley, 13th at North San Juan, 16th at Sacra
mento, 19th at Chlco, 20tn at Oroville, 21st at
Marysville, 22d at Stockton, 23d at Sacramento,
28tb at ( olusa.
The officers of Far West Lodge were Installed by
Deputy Summers last Thursday evening.
The officers of Leland Stanford Lodge were In
stalled las' Thursday by District Deputy Mc-
Langblln, assisted by Denutv Summers and Past
Dictators Ballart. Kibby and Freldman. The new
officers are: Krneu P. Thyes, P. I). : John A. Car
roll, i). : Carl Waul, V. D.: Thomas K. Shumate.
A. D.: John J. Bernan, R. ; *. .--trobmelr, F. It. ;
A. Morris, T. ; James <;arrod. chaplain* Otto
Schoenwald G.; M. Schlegelmlich. guide: Fred
Maricgraf, sentinel; John Bernandon, trustee.-
After the installation there was a lengthy debate
on the new assessment plan, which Is to go Into
effect on the Ist of next October.
American Legion of Honor.
The reception of the Associated Councils by
Midwinter Council last Wednesday evening in
the hall at Valencia and Mission streets was well
attended. In the absence of , the president and
vice-president. Supreme Orator W. D. Mansfield
presided. This was the first visit paid to a coun
cil by the Associated Councils. Addresses were
made by Grand Secretary Burton and Companions
Foley. Cook, Jenkins,'- Dlsbrow, Cooper, Metzner
and others. The tenor of the' addresses went to
show that there Is a general revival all along the
line In the order. The visits, by the Associated
Councils will no doubt.be productive of a great
deal of good.
The committee having charge of , the proposed
enter alnment promised for next month has come
to the conclusion that it is wiser to defer the affair
until the anniversary of the founding of the order
Matter* looking to the extension work of the order
were also discussed. .
The supreme officers are actively at work on all
lines. Payments are fully up to the usual time,
several death benefits have been paid in this State
during the current month.
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
. Deputy Grand Chief at Large D. N. Hanna has
been visiting In Stockton and in Angels Camp.
On the occasion of his visit to Stockton he was ac
companied by. Grand Chief McGowan, and they
witnessed ■ the installation of the • newly elected
officers and [ the : conferring .of the second and
third degrees. IMMvIVvVIM^B!
. A ; new castle will be instituted within a short
time at Lodi, another at Vallejo and a third one at
Nhpa. ..■■.-,- ;-. :■.-..■■■..- -.-. ..>;-.•■.
- California Castle at its last meeting conferred the
third degree and : admitted two candidates. This
castle is making arrangements for a aance next
month. At the first meeting I next month | this
castle will have several candidates for degrees. ,
A new temple of the Ladies of the Go.den Eagle
will be instituted within two weeks at Stockton.
Knights of Pythias.
' . During the past term Gall Lodge of Gait admitted
twenty-four new members. ■
• To-morrow Herman Scbaff ner, G. K. of R. and 8.,
will visit Fidelity Lodge at Napa, ami on Wednes
day he wilt visit Pluto Lodge at St. Helena. ~
This evening Grand Chancellor Mculashan i will
visit < lakieaf Lodge at Lincoln, Placer County. On
Thursday he will visit Golden Gate Lodge in this
City ; Fairmouut Lodge In this City on Friday and
on Saturday he will be with Lathrop Lodge of
Latbrop.
. .-Independent Order, B'ne B'rlth.
! Grand President E. L.Wolfe will make official
visitations as follows: Columbia Lodge this even-
Ing; Cremleux' Lodge, August 3; Golden Gate
Lodge, August 5;" Pacific Lodge, August 6; Mon
teflnre Lodge,- August -20; Occidental Lodge, Au
gust 11. On these visitations he will be accom
panied by the members of the general committee.
. ; In the near future the grand president will com
mence a tour of visitation of . the various lodges of
tbe jurisdiction.: He will go to Oregon. Washing
ton, .Montana, Utah. Nevada, and close wish a
visit to the lodges in this State which be has not
already visited. . ; '-■■ . . ;
"-■ During the past week Grand Secretary Levison
Issued two certifies: one to the. beneficiary of
Alexander Coney of Monteflore ;. Lodge • and the
other to the beneficiaries of Philip Schwartz of Pa
cine Lodge. The last described was Issued within
thirty days after, the death of Schwartz was re
ported.
"DROVE SATOLLI
BACK TO ROME."
Ray Palmer Declares That
It Was the Work of
the A. P. A.
A CARDINAL'S WORDS
Declared to Be Insincere and
Written With Intent to
Deceive.
ATTORNEY QUITZOW'S DEFENSE
Denounces the Charges Against Him
as Blackmail and Promises
a Vindication.
At the Good Citizenship meeting held
yesterday afternoon at Metropolitan Tem
ple Chairman Quitzow spoke briefly in
reference to the charges that have been
recently brought against nim of swindling
a client. In his opening remarks Chair
man Quitzow said:
"I wish to say a few words on a subject
that hardly merits notice as far as I am
concerned, but as you may be curious to
know my version of the matter I will
briefly stat«:
"That an obscure sheet called the Moni
tor promised last week to publish 'Quit
zow's Record,' and having promised it
had to produce something.
"On Friday last the Monitor's posters
displayed on the street corners had this
printed upon them in bold type: 'Quit
zow the Pure. A client claims $8000.
Swindle extraordinary.'
"The Monitor of the 25t,h inst. (this
week) comes out in a slanderous attack
upon my clothes and good hat, which
were not injured, and then pr nts in full a
complaint which was drawn for tbe pur
pose of publication in t at unclean sheet
to revive its waning finances.
"A suit, of which this is a repetition,
came regularly on for trial in the Superior
Court. Clune or his counsel failing to ap
pear the evidence in my deiense was heard
by the Judge in open court, and upon that
evidence judgment was rendered in my
favor and which stands recorded on the
28th day of April, 1896.
"The bringing ud anew of this same
case, and the former one, is merely an at
tempt at blackmail.
"You can rest assured that I will meet
all ana any legal proceedings brought
regularly against me in the proper man
ner, and I can assure you in advance that
I will be completely* vindicated in the
courts of our State."
Rev. Ray Palmer was then introduced
and announced that he would speak upon
the subject, "The Ot>en Ques ion, or Who
Built the Temple of Liberty ?"
"It seems to me," began the speaker,
"that any one who cannot understand the
aims of our society must be wrong in th«
upper story. 1 do not see how anybody
can fail to see the difference between
Americanism and Romanism. Romanism
is lixe an old battered sailstiip, towed by
a tug of a Pope from beyond tbe sea.
Americanism is a mighty steamship
plowing boldly through the waters of
the sea.
"But who built the temple of liberty?
I beg of you that you will be patient
while I go into history to answer this
question. C«rdinal Gibbons says that
every man has a right to worship in ac
cordance with a rijjht conscience. The
Roman church denies to the individual
the right to determine what is a 'right'
conscience. Romanism does not say that
a man shall worship God according to the
dictates of his own conscience, but in ac
cordance with what the Pupe of Rome
shall pronounce to be a 'right' conscience.
"So you see that beneath these words of
Cardinal Gibbons, seemingly so accord
ant with the principles of liberty, are
really far other than they seem. Beneath
the smooth and apparently harmless
words are the hiss and sting of the Mr
pent"
The speaker cited at length instances of
Catholic persecution of Protestantism, de
claring that these instances typefied what
Cardinal Gibbons called a "right con
science." Rev. Palmer then proceeded
with a refutation of a statement made by
various Catholic prelates that religious
toleration in this country was first shown
by a Catholic, Lord Baltimore. "Even ad
mitting that Lord Baltimore was naturally
tolerant, nevertheless by the terms of bis
charter, granted by King Charles, he was
compelled to observe tolerance. The
Protestant ascension to power in England
compelled the trembling Catholics of
Maryland to grant toleration after seven
teen years ot persecution.
"I pr»y," concluded the speaker, "that
this Government shall never fall into the
hands of the Pope of Rume. I fear that if
it does, it will never be able to get out of
his hands attain. I urge you, therefore, to
be wakeful and alert to protect unsullied
our American institutions.
"1 am not discouraged at the work we
have accomplished in t. is country. It is
amusing to hear Father Yorke count the
A. P. As. in this country. We have ac
complished much. Itwa«none others but
the A. P..A. that sent Satolli out of this
country. We have made it hot for the
Romanists in this country.
"The Catholics in this City aver that
they hays an American championing their
cause. Very well, as long as he behaves
himself as an American, out if he dares to
lay his hands on our public school system
we will see that ne is sent to Halifax or
some other place where he belongs. Our
order is strong — stronger than it seems.
Many of our sympathizers will vote
with us and work with us, but will not
join our order for fear of sufferinc; finan
cially for it. We, of the American Pro
tective Association declare, aud declare
confidently, that Romanism's sun is about
to set, never to rise again."
Next Sunday afternoon Rev. Ray Painaer
will deliver his final lecture in this City
before leaving for the East. The subject
upon which he will speak was announced
yesterday as "Roger Williams Opening
the Gates of Liberty."
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
r. f*. Coast ai»i>' Gkodbtm scbvut Tins'*
. BCI.I.KTIN- PoILMHCD BT OFFICIAL V
AOTHOBITT OP TH( 6tTPKRrNTKXDKsrT. ')'
Mondnv, J uly 27.
*nnrla»«...., 5.08; Moon rlsw 8.60pm
Snn sets 7.24|M000 sets
July-1896.
> Time
Feet
Time
L, W
FeetZ!^
Feet
Time
L \V
Feet
28 1.38
29 .2.26
30 3.28
81 4.39
3^
4.9
4.4
3.8
8.5
1.-z*
7.67
8.27
8.61
9.14
—0.1 v:.3^
•0.6 '2.58
1.2 3.26
1.7 Ail
2.3 .4.16
August. I
'i.% 4.47
'■t .- 1. >> i
3.3 10.24
3.H 11. a»
3.!5 12.41
5..'
5.1
5.1
M
7.&2
KM
9.3R
10.28
11.20
2.4
i.'i
1.9
1.6
1 6.09
L W
2 0.24
3 1.24
4 2.17
3.2
9.44
H W
7.47
a jo
10.03
6,3
H W
6.20
tt.ls
7.13
I
1.2
0.8
0.3
3.9
3.ti
6.4
5.5
5.7
: Not«— In ihe above exposition of | the tides ths
,"f ,' y ■ m0 "l ln «" tWes are given .in th« left . hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
orrter of occurrence a* » to time. The second ; time
column gives the second tide of the day. the third
time column the third tide, < and the last or right
Band column gives the last tide of , the day,- except
•occult? tf c , but : three . tides, 'as sometimes
curs, lhe heights given are additions to the
soundings on the > United ■ States ; Coast ' Survey
h«^M Z^STFZ when • mlno » • l « n (-) preo«<Je« the
toom thSni^en ; the number given U inbtracUv*
from the q 9P th H by tt* charts.
1 •' - - explanation.
I ' The arrow flies with '.h» wind. The top figures
1 at station indicate maximum temperature for the
i days: those underneath It, If any, the amount of
j rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hour*. Isobars, or solid
lint's, connect pains of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hlKh" means high barometric pressure and
Is- usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to . low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rain*.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the'"low" Is inclosed' with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "hUh" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition!
mill produce an opposite result.
■"• i \- _ ' .
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT,
.i United STATICS : DEPABTMFNT OF AOKICTTI>
TrRK. WKATHKK BUREAU, SaN FRANCISCO, July
26, 1896, sp. a. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
Ihe following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 60, Fresno 94, san Diego 74, Bed Bluff
88, San Mils Oblspo 74, Yuma 104. San Francisco
64, Los Angeles 76.: -
,' Ban Francisco data—Maximum temperature 64,
minimum 66, mean 60.
The pressure has risen generally over the west
ern half of the country during the past twenty
tour hours. Over the upper Missouri Valley there
ha* been a rise of at least two-tenths of an inch.
■■ Toe temperature has risen slightly over North
ern Washington, Idaho,and Montana and has
fallen slightly in Northern Nevada. In the Sacra
mento Valley the temperature is about 6 degrees
warmer than It was last night, but throughout this
valley and the San Joaquin Valley. the tempera
ture is still about 8 degrees below the normal.
The weather .has been generally fair over the
Pacific slope. j f<u|'tißlmniiiii*miiiii|jW
Conditions are favorable for fair and warmer
weather throughout California Monday.
■ Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. July 27. 1806:
Northern California —Generally fair Monday:
warmer In the | Sacramento Valley and northeast
portion: fresh northwesterly winds on the coast,
variable winds inland.
Southern California— Monday: warmer In
the northern portion; light westerly winds.
.Nevada —Cloudy :in ; northeastern portion Mon
day: fair elsewhere: warmer.
. Utah—Cloudy Monday.
Arizona—Fair Monday.
- San. Francisco and vicinity—Pair Monday; light
westerly winds, Increasing in force.
.-- .--■;■ '...;■ ALEXANDER G. MCADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
BTKAMRR | IjKSTINA TI'IX. |
sai
| FIKR.
£•1 .Non* ..
Columbia...
CmatUla....
C0r0na......
Weeott
8un01.. "......
F»r»non...
Empire
P0m0na.....
City Sydney
10r«»....
China:
Truckee;...
Orizaba. ..
iruo ......
State ofCal.
banta Rosa.
CltyPuebla."
Urars HarDor
Portland ......
Vie A Pet Bnd
San Dleeo
Eel Kiver
Grays Harbor.
\ aonina bar..
Ore«on ports .
KomboidtKar
Panama.......
3 swoon ......
China & Japn.
Coos 8ay......
Mexico
looi 8ar......
.Portland......'.
Ban Diego .
Vie * Pet («ni
July 27. 3pm I Pier 28
July27.loAM Pier 2*
July2K Dam Pier 9
Jul.t2B.llam Pierll
JulyJS. spm Pier IS
1 28.12 11 Pier 't
July2B. 9am yler2
July.'s, 6pm Pier 13
July2B. ap»i|Pler9
Ju1 v29,12 Ml' M S 9
July 3o. '.•!■ I Pier 1 1
July 3o. 3pm PS S S
July 3o. 5m j Oceanic
July :tl. 10am Pier 11
July 3l.loam Pier 13
Auk I.loam I Pier 24
Aue I.llam Pier 11
Auk 3. 9am Pier 9
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SJTKAM KR
I
From
I JJ'-n
Pomona. Hnmboia; a*r.
JTara110n ........ Yaauina 8ar ...... ...—
X tire it a ........ Newp0rt................
Australia....;... Honolulu ;...... ..v
City or t'ueDia. . I victoria dtPn««t tkmno
Mexic0.. ........ I Portland....
Arag0. ..;....... Coos Bay
Qe0ne.. ........ Crescent City
Trncke*.. :....;. Coos 8ay...;.:;......;...
VantaKota..... x*n Di«eo_ .........
Monowai. ;. Sydney.....
Beigic ......... China and Japan.. ;.;...
San Bias Panama..
8tPa01.... '. Newport .w....^.
Arcata Portland..
Norm F0r1t...., HuraboMt Bay
Colamola.. 'Portland ....'....'.....
..July 27
..July 27
..inly 28
..July 28
..July 29
..Julv 29
..July 29
..July 29
..Jn!v29
..July 80
..July 30
..July 31
..July 31
..Aof 1
..Auk 1
..Aus 1
.'.AUK 3
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
! Arrived. . -';-> W
SUNDAY, July 26. -
Stmr: Weeott, Whitney, 24 hours from Eel
River; pass and mdse. to Russ. Sanders A Co.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland 21- hours from Moss Landing,
etc-.; produce, :to uoodall, Perkins A Co. .
Stmr Rival. Johnson, 16 .hours front Fort
Bragg: lumber, to Samuel Blair.
Rtmr Crescent City, Allen, 36 hours from Cres
cent City; pass and mdse, to Hobbs, Wall A Co.
' Stmr Corona,- Hall, ■SB hours from San' Diego
and way ports; : pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins
a CO. . ■ .. - ; . ■ ■ . , .-.-,-.,
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, 14 ' hoars from
Nnvarro , and : way ports; pass and mdse. to Men
doclno Lumber Co. HIIIWl) HllM|<> lli t'_ IJjl
' Stmr ' Mineola, PUlsbury,' — hours from Comox ;
3300 tons coal, to 8 P Co. . .-.:-. •■ : . >
i Br ship Lauriston. 83 days from New
castle, NSW; 8475 tons coal, to W B Chapman.
Bark Albert, Griffins, '26 days from Honolulu;
sugar and coffee, to Williams. Dlmond A Co.
schr Archie and Fontie, Colstrup. 48 hours from
Stewarts Point; 105 eds bark, to Higgint A Col
lins. - '.-.•'■■ ■■■-. : , . . ; ■ ■- .
■ Schr . Jennie * Stella, Kreos, 7 ' days from Grays
Harbor; lumber, to S E blade Lumber Co. *
" '. ' • balled.''
* ! \ SUNDAY, July 28.
: 6tmr St Paul, Downing, San Pedro.'
Schr Christina Steffens. Nordllnic
. SchrChetco, Johnson, Pigeon Point.
' Telegraphic. .
POINT LOBOS. Jnlv 26-10 p. m.— Weather
foggy ; wind ,W : velocity. 12 lanes.
 JOomeatio Ports.
.SAN DlEGO— Sailed July 26— Stmr Excelsior,
for San Francisco,
CASPAR— Arrived July 26— Schr Maxim, hence
July 10. : . ■ .
.: TATOOSH— Passed July 26— Bark.Rufus Wood,
hence July 10, for Seattle; bark Richard 111, from
Alaska,' for Puget Sound. I
■ TACOMA— Arrived July Jl6— Bktn Eureka, 1 hnc
July V: Nor baric Fortuna, hence June 25.
v. REDONDO- Arrived July 26— Schr La Oironde
from Or&ys Harbor. ' , •
- COOS BAY— Sailed July 26— Stmr National City
for San Pedro.- ' * 'IGuV uJWTfi 'laJßomnifntt;
. smi- i July H6— Stmr Arago. hence July 24.
> EUREKA— Arrived July 26— siior Fafallon, fm
Yaquina Bay; stmr. North Fork, hence July 25;
schr Allen A, hence July 18. *. ■-■■•-: ;
v Sailed July 26— Simr: Farallon, for San -. Fran
cisco: stmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
BOWKNS LANDlNG— Arrived July' 26— Schr
Monterey, hence July 25." ;
i BEAR HARBOR-Salled July 26- Stmr Laenna
for San Francisco. . ■ ■ . . ,
_• MENDOCINO— Sailed July 26— Stmr ' Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed July 26— Schr G W
Watson, for Honolulu.
' Arrived July 25— Ship John A Brißgs hnce June
£4: : barn -, Forest Queen, hence one 27; bktn
Uncle John, from San Pedro :
n PORT TOWNSEND-Arrivea July 26-Schr
Chas E Falk, hence July a.
Movements of Trans-Atlantic Steamers.
•;HAVRE-Arrlved out July 26— stmr La Nor
mandle. ■ .'■• ; ■ ■ . , • - >•. .■•
r <JUEENBTOWN-Salled July 26-Stmr Etru
rla, tor N«w York. •■ ■ =: . ■ .
• DOVER— Pasted July 25-Stmr Saale. from
Bremen, for New York. •".■"■'".■*■■ -
PKAWLE POINT-Passed July 26-Stmr Ken
sington, from Antwerp, for New York. . .
— Importation tJ'LJHKSqI
PORT KENYON-Per Weeott-120 bxs 8 kegs
butter. 106 sks oats, 2 sks gluestocK, 1 cs furs,. 2
bdls green hides, 9 bdls dry hides, 1 cs clothing 46
bfcles excelsior •'1 cs dry goods; 1 os shoes. 1 pkg 1
cs tobacco. « bxs nails 1 cs seed, 1 sk tools, SO eds
stave bolts,' 9 dressed calves. 375 nogs.
*» Shelter cove— s pkgs mdse.
MOSS LANDING— Per GlDsy-319 sks potatoes.
Salinas— .96 sks oats, 1891 sks barley. ,•■■ ■
.Blanco— l cs eggs. ,■: . ■
■/ Santa Cruz— . bxs butter, 1000 bbls lime, 14
rolls leather. „ « - . ".*.-">;>■ "
Pigeon »«oint— l bx butter, 26 twin drums cheese
6 sis seaweed. ' ; ' . .
■ Amesport— 27B sks oats. -67 sks beans, 22 . sks
green peas, 16 cs cheese, 5 bxs butter, 1 cs eggs, I 6
cs cheese. v<T.^«MMg«Mag!gtanMmpebCßKStp«^t)t£
BAN DIEGO— Per Corona— 267 mas*, l pkg
hardware, 1 cm cigars.' 2 sks ore, 105 sks concen
trates, 3 bxs root beer, 54 bxa oranges. 30 bx,s !IS
sks raisins, '26 hf-cbests tea, ■ 1021 bzs lemons, 16
bxs limes. 2 bxs seed, 140 Mis hides, 1 bdl calf
hides, 5 cs handles. •'- \
- port— lßls bxs lemons, 63 bxs oranges, 6 bxs
seed,' 55 sks ore. :< \ • :■'•
: Redondo-3 < bxs seed, 110 bis wine, 2 pkgs
mJse. 112 bxs lemons, 2 bxs 3 sks beeswax, 2 bxs
hardware.'," .:=■-•
Wlnthrop— lo bxs lemons.
Los Angeles via Redobdo— s2 pkgs mdse, 1 bbl
whisicy. 4 pcs castings. 18 cs wine.
Port Los Angeles— 36 bxs lemons, 886 sks corn,
32 puncheons wine. ,* r^.\- ' .^^''SWBWWB
' Los- Angeles via Port : Los Angeles— 23 pkgs
mdse, 10 bxs soap, 1 7 cs medicine, 30 bxs lemons.
Santa Barbara— l6s r>kcs mdse , 7 bxs plate, ♦
bxs Japanese goods, 840 bxs lemons, 46 sks craw
fish:.
Fort Harford— l76 pkgs mdse, 38 bxs butter, 33
cs eßgs. 3 dressed calves, 4 coops chickens. 4 bxs
fish, Ics hardware, Ics honey. 1 cs bitters. 1 bdl
hides. 3 skn beeswax.
San Luis ObUpo— lo6 sks beans, 380 sks oats,
1610 ska barley. 154 sks wheat.
- Nlpomo-SMO sks barley.
' San; Maria— l9o sks wheat.
A rrovo Grande— 36 sks beans.
CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City— 43 tubs
53 kegs 177. bxs butter, 5 Ddls 125 sks hides, 10
bills pelts, 2 cs junk, 1 piano. 2 sks tails. 1 sic hair,
11 bales wool, 2 is meat, 1 bbl lard, 5 kegs feet, 1
bx peas, * pkgs mdse, — M ft lumber.
HONOLULU— Per bark Albert— 6l3B bags sugar,
200 bags coffee. iTSSHBMSBSfI
Con»i<rrio-»«.
Per Crescent City— Dodge. Sweeney A Co: Clufl
Bros; Hllmer, Bredhoff* Sennis: .standard Oil Co:
Thomas Loughran; Sherry, A villa <t Co: Wo.f *
Morris: De Bernard! & Co: C E Whitney & Co;
Wltzel A Baker: Bisslnger&Co; Wilraerdlng.
Lowe A Co: Wlelaud Brewing Co: Enterprise
Brewery : Hobbs, Wall & Co: Baker & Hamilton. ■
Per Gipsy— Wolf A Son; Half our, Gutbrie & CO:
C E Whitney & Co; Moore, Ferguson * Co ; G W
McNear ; Herman Joost : - Norton, Teller it Co; A
W Fink: Hilmer. Brerthoft* & schulz: Napa >oda
Water Co: Hammond & Brod; Tlllmann <& Bendel ;
Kron Tanning Co; F W App&inis; H Cowell & Co:
Field & Stone: MT Freltas & Co: 8 Levy A Co: E
Muller; Brlgham, Hoppe<S: Co; A GaJH Fruit Co;
Thos Denlgan, Son it Co: Wheaton, Bn>on A Co; C
Jacobsen: Dairymen's Union; Martin .tenser.
Per bark Albert— J D Spreckels A Bros Co; Haas
Bros: Otis, McAllister A Co: Welch <£ to.
Per Weeott— Kuss, Sanders A Co: F B Halght: G
de Lucca; Sunset Seed and Plant Co; A L Bryan
shoe Co: Hilmer. Bredhoit <ftSchutz: California
Barrel Co; OB Smith A Co: Kowalsky & Co : A
Mark ham: C E Whitney A Co: Wilson A Baechtel;
Dodge, aweeney A Co: Dairymen's Union ; Capwell
Horseshoe Nail Co; Wheaton. Breon A Co: Roth,
Blum A Co; Standard Oil Co: Wellman, Peck dc Co ;
Thomas Loughran: Wle?«nd Brewing Co; Harrold
Bros; Hulse, Bradford A Co; L Dink^lspiel A Co;
South San Francisco Packing and Provision Co;
taker A Ray.
Per Corona— Dairymen's Union; Watarhouse A
Lester; J Ivancovich A Co; Ybarra Gold Mining
Co: Enterprise Brewery: San Francisco Brewing
Co: Lowenber* A Co; EhrmanACo; G W Glbbs
A Co; P C Knapp: C E Hires A Co: C F Graeber:
C Toohy; Parker Mfc Co: C II Chamberlain: Cox
Seed and Plant Co; Gray A Barbieri; Dalton Bros;
Lev! Spiegel A Co; Eveleth A Nash: Wolf A Son;
A Galll Kruit Co; Wetmore Bros: D Blagi A Co:
W B Sumner A Co: Selby Smelting and Lead Co;
Hawley Urosr, Geo B Starr A Co; J R Wear: HO
Greeuhood: L Scatena A Co; Minaker A Welbanks;
CbludaA Fiach; Brigham, Hoppe A Co; H Jones;
E J Bowen A Co; California Wine Assn; J M Tal
bert: E X George A Co; W Hackle: FHAmesA
Co; G Conn A Co: Pacific Ammonia and Chemical
Works; P M Ball; C D Drubm; Ceri, Schloss A Co:
NewmarkA Edwards: S Lachman: G H Jackson;
Palace Hotel; Hills Bros: B Krupolli A Co: Haas.
Baruch A Co: A J Ch ck: Potterson Carpet Co; S
F Deys: L G Sresovich A Co: C E Whitney A Co;
Sunset Seed and Plant Co: Amer Press Assn: Louis
Taussig A Co: Pacific Tool Co; G Camillonl A Co:
Main A Winchester: W W Montague A Co; Buffalo
Brewery: A Paladinl: American Union Fish Co;
Milan! ACo: Philadelphia Brewery: Enterprise
Brewery; Hllmer, Bredhoff A Schnlz: Hills Bros;
Witzel A Baker: Marshall A Reimers: Bavaria
Brewery; BGRuhl&Co; D E Allison A Co; Hall
Safe and Lock Co; Cal Bottling Co: 8 Strauss A
Co; Wheaton, Breon A Co: Dodge, Sweeney A Co:
H Kirchmanu A Co; Redington A Co; American
Type Foundry; Fredericksburg B*ewerv: Buffalo
Brewery; Pabst Brewing Co; L D Stone A Co; S P
Milling Co: Jonas Erlanger A Co; H Dutard; Pac
Coast Fish Co; Slnshelmerßros; Del Monte Mill-
Ing Co; Labor Exchange; Norton, Teller A Co;
Fanning A Frank; Hibernla Brewery.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ASTORIA ANLPORTLANQ
$6 Second Class, 12 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTH 3 INCLUDED.
.Columbia sails July 27, August 6, 16
BUite of California sails.. July 22, August 1, 11, 2)
From Spear-st. . Wharf (Pier *!4) at 10 a. sc
UOODALL PKRKINST&CO.. Genl. Supts.
F. F. CONNOR. General Ai-ent.
■ : Xli M..-1-o* - -- .
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAIf
STEAMERS WILL SAIL ' FROM A*«_
Broadway wharf, ban Francisco, as -EJ£2s2£
follows: -.--:- ■■ ■ j - ■■:-.- v »-- " ■'•.-•- r="i* =*r.~- -
For Mary Island. Lorln?. Wranael. Jnneau. B.ll-
lisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at » a. m., July 3, 13,
18. 'is. .-»u ... 12,27. . , j -
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anaeortes and New
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 A. M.
July. 3, ■*. 13. 18, 23. -26. ana every flftu ;
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wlta
the O. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend wlta
Alaska steamers. . -
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldi Bay) str. Pomona. 2 p. m.. Jnly 5, 8. 12,
16 'JO. a*. 2" and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis , Obispo), Gavlota, Santa '
' Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeiei) ana Newport, « 9 *. v, July
2. H. m 1). 18, -'J. 26. 30 and every rourtb day
thereafter. ' rr*fr**TT* i TtfßllT~ili ' |ij "a I *~ w ~.
For - San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(San ' Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, - Port Lot
. Ancelea, Redondo (Los Anceles) and Newport, 11
a. M- -in y •'>■ a. 12. Is, 20, -.4, an and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, Han Jos* del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Faz and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba. 10 a. it,
Ju :Una VSth ■•! <-.»cn month thtreafti-r.
Ticxet office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
■ . GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.; Genl Agents.
- 10 Market »v San Francisca
COMPAGHIE GENERAL TRASSATLAATIQUE*
French Lin* to Havre.
Y'S PIEil \V),I2 NORTH **_
V^ River, foot of Morion st. Travelers by *9ie£2
this line avoid both transit oy English railway ad
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yonc to Alexandria, Kgypc, via Paris,
first-ciass SUJO; second-clans. $116. . ...
I.A TOURAINE. Cape Kantelli.. . May 2& BA. M.
LA NORMANDIE. May 23. 8 a. m.
LA GA5C0GNE.. .....:.; Jn c 'JO. 7A. M.
LA M)rt«iAAlili!,....« .....July 4, 6 A. M.
LA GAS-00GNE.... July 25. 11 a. M.
LA NORM A NDIfJ.. :.:V Angus' 1, 5 a. M.
LA BOUROOONE. Capt. Lebo^af. June 6, 7 a. if.
I tfg- 707 further particulars apply to ■
„ _ _ •- A. FORGET, Agent, .
- «,tt^, No. 380 a ing Green, New Yorlc
J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
•venue, San Francisco. . ...
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ DAYS TO
HAWAII. SAMOA. ft». HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, {fl by
AUSTRALIA. \jS.S. AUSTRALIA.
s. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day, August 4. a- 10 a. m. Special party rates. -.
S. S. MOXOWAI sails via HONOLULU and
A for SYDNEY. Thursday, August 20.
at 2 p. m. , ' .
Line to COOLGARDIE, A list. , and CAPETOWN,
(South Africa.*
J D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco.
FLWT & CO.'S
PACIFIC COAST CLIPPER LINE
For San Francisco and All Pacific Coast
Ports.
•, FROM NEW YORK:
The Al Clipper Ship. WM. H. MACY
. Amesbury, Master.
FROM PHILADELPHIA:
The A 1 Clipper 5hip...../... A. J. FULLER
Colcord, Master. .
* ■ _____^
Insurance effected.at lowest rates. -
For freight apply to FLINT A CO., 68 Broad
str*et. New York. • ;.- .
- Consignees In i Man Francisco: J. F. CHAPMAN
<fc Co., i! 2 fsllfernla street.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL J^gfk^
fortnightly for the West Indies and -*ii^23
Southampton, railing en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passenrers.
- Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England »nd Germany.
- - Through tickets from San Francisco 10 Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195- third
class, $97 60- For further particulars apply to
V- PARROTT A CO., Agents.
3nw Cplltnrnlawt.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
XV?. le » , No- - 3 . Washington St..
At 6 P. M. Daily, < r«ceiv«d' up
t0- Accommodations Reserved" by Telephone.
:t-C." ; W a,w; sTI!)AM£K): Pet!T
T. C. Walker, j. D . p e t cP ,
Mary Oarratt. City of Stockton.
.Telephone Main 805. : Cat. Nay, and Imyu Co
fALLEJO, MARE LSL M, 'BLtfitiU, POM
COSTA ASDCROCREH.
-- :-■ - STR. . MONTICELLO,
MOT, except Saturday and Sunday— A, a .
. and 4 T. m. : Saturday, lo :30 a. m., 3:30 *. Hi
H».n.onl . Baad * - a 'v» t •
I*ndl»gj Miasiom 1. Pier a. , ,
FOR JO.nE, LOS iOS & SAiKTA CRIZ
OTEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILT
£-» as 10 A. if (Sundays ezcepted) ; Al viso daily at
7 p. em. ! (Saturdays ezcepted). ■ Freight ' and Pas-
senger. > Fare between San Francisco and Al viao,
50c: to San Jose. 75c clay St., Pter i, SOW.
IIBttCIMMIaJMiJM^.-.. ', - -*r«« ,
RAILROAD TRAVJX*
REDUCED RATES BY RAIL
. . ".'■■:— TO— -: ;
POTITIjAJrPtORi
M O N DA V. .......... . ": ". . : ... . • - . . JULY 27.
And Every Fifth Bay Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at 8 p.m. .
«M ft ft ft— Inc.udinsr Berth, in Pullman
O I U<UU Tourist Sleeper.
W ....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth in Q.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. rfi? i-v—.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
j This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets
be sold or baggage checked to such points.
• ffS~ Through, Tickets for Pa^et Sound.
Point* on Sale at i. educed r.ates.
For fur; her information apply at
613 MARKET STKKKT (Grand Hotel .
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. ''.... Gen. Pass. Agfa
MVTHKBW f*«'IFIC COMPAJTt.
(PACIFIC BTBTKU.) - . - .
TrMla* leave nod are tine to arrive at
SAN .FItAKCIMtO.
ob ate — FROM Juke 7, 1888. — arrive
•6:OO\ Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:43 a
7:«Oa Atlantic Express, Ogilcn and Kant.. *••*.-*»
7:00 a Bonicia, Vacaville, Kurasey. Sacra*
racnto, OroTille and Redding via
Davis «x4sf
7:90 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa. Calls- . -
toga and Santa Rosa .. 6iISV
•:HOa Niles, San Jose, fttocktou, lone,
Sacramento, Maryafille and lies
, Bluff.. 4tl»i>
•8:80 a Peters and Milton *7:13?
O:«Oa Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles 4:43?
• :OOa Martinez and Stockton 11:43 a.
9-.no a VaUejo 6:15*
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Lirerinore 9:45 a
•l:OOp Sacramento Ki»er Steamers "O:OOr
fl :3Op Port Costa and Way Stations r7i4»»
4:001- Martinez, San Ramon, VaUejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano f.nC ■:•■'■ ,
Santa Rosa ■ oil3a
*:*or Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Ki-.iglits Landing, . MarysTille,
Ornvillo and Sacramento 1«:43a
v- 4:3*p Nileit, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:13?
4:3»r Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for '
Yosemitc) and Fresno 11:4&4,
- Bi*«r New Orleans Kxiireio.Fresuo.Bakers-
«ield, Santa liarbara. l.os Angelet ■
Denim;, £1 Paso, New Orleans and ' ,
East V 10:13 a
SiOOp Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave aud East I€:l3a
S:OOp Vallejo 11:43 a
OiOIM- I'uropean Mall, Ogden and Kast.... 0: I.la
6:<MM- llnyn'.irda, Kdesand San J05e...... 7:15 a.
■- t7iOOi- Vallejo " f7i43?
7:OOp Oregon Kxpress, Sacramento, Marys*
»ille, Redding, Portland, Pugct
-'.*.'■ ' Bourn! and Kaat 10:48 a
' SANTA <:itt)Z MVI-.IPN (Narrow «iauicej.
t7>43A Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Crus -
and Principal Way Stations JBrf>3l»
' • >15a Nonrar)c,CeiiterTille,Rnii.lose,Felton,
. Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way ' .
Stations sis«r
•9:15p Newark, Ce'iterville, San Jose, New .
" Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek;
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
5tati0n5......... ...." *Ilißoa
J4-13P Newark. San Jose and Los Gatos....
_ COAST IU VISION (Third & Townsend SU.)
»«:43a Sau Jose ami Way Stations (New "*
Almaden Wednesdays only) 9:47 a
t7:3o a Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations !S>B9^
■:13a San Jose, Tres Pinos, Kanta Crua.
■ Vaciiio Grove, Paso Rubles, Ban
Luis Oblspo, Guadarnpe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7rt)sF
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations fl:3op
IO:4Oa San Jo id Way Stations 5:00p
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations....... 3:30r
*2:3Ui> San Mitcn, Monlo Park, San Jose,
' Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Crux,
' Saliiias,Mnntereyßii(ll'acillcGrove *IO:4O a
■ItiilOp San Jose, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations .; *l; 30*
*4:SOp San Jose and Way Stations *&:<>Ua
3:30p San Jose- and Principal AVay Stations *S:4Na
6:30p San Jose and Way Stations 6::t3.v
tll:4si' San Jose and Way Stations -.;.'■ t~:4:>p
SAN LhAISMKO AM) HAYWABDS LOCAL.
{*6:OOa1 ( 7:13 a
8:00 a I tO:i."»A
x tZV\ Melrose, 8eiBl»»ry P»rk, » liltit
'"ISSp Sam Leandro | ■fjjjjj
3:OOr *> n d 4:4Sp
4:00p ■* S:43p
B:OOp Harwards. ' «:13p
5:30p navwaras. 7 . 13p
7:00p • . x 8:45*
9:OOp •* Huns through to Niles. 10-50p
|Hl:l5pJ tFyom Niles. , [ ttia.OOt
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN mNCISCO— of Mirket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9XO 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 ♦2:00 1301
..; *4:03 -' tS:OO ; •6:00 p.M.
?r«mOHlAßD— ?oot of Bro«d «/.— . S 8:00 8-00 •
\ 10:00 a.m. tl3:00 »1:OQ 18*0 . *3:00 ti:01
'3:OSr.M. ■ * ___^
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
' Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only,
• •'■'-■. t Sundays only.
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
5 Saturdays and Sundays for Santa Cruz.
*" " --H .^» ~— /I \Xn-A •■ t t~r~~> 0...»^ f-"-.—
SMFRASCISCO&PRTHPA-
Cinq RAILWAY CO.
Tibnron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
• . San Francisco to San. Rafael.
WMK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. "itj- 12:33 L
8:80, 6:10, 6:30 P. U. Thursdays— Extratrt*
at 11:30 p. it Saturdays— Extra trips at l; "
and 11:30 p. k. *-«•*.««
6UNDAYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:0 a. it: 1:30, B:3 *
6:00, 6:20 p. h. ~"~»
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:60, 9:10, 11 10 a. w .
Y 6iis 7 p 35 »L 9:^ llilo *■ "•'- I: ** 3s **
Between Bau Francisco and Schuetzen Park sam»
schedule as above. ■
BanF^glsca /»£**[ _Sanj^^T
7:30 am 1 7:30 am! Novato, 10:40 AMI SlOaw
3:Sopm:9:3oam Petaluma. 6:05 a 2
6:10 fm 5:00 pm' Santa Rosa. 7:30 ru, 6:15 pS
_"__•' ~~ i Fultoc, : . - - ~" '
7:30 ax Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsburs,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 p*
- — •■' Pieta, ■-. :-. " - """* -
7:30 am Hopland 4 10-10 am
3 :30 pm I 7:30 am Pklah. 7:80 pm 6:15 pig
7:30 am • ■ ::: I• ■: •..-• • • - " ~ 10:10 am;
7:30 am Guernevule. 7:30 pm '
3:Sovu -..-.- 6:15 p«
7:80 am 7:30 am Sonoma 110:40 am] 8:40 ait
'■ and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 1 6:05 pm| 6 -.15 pm
7:3oaM[7:BoaM: 5et,,,..-,--, |10:4OaM 10:10
3:30 pm 15:00 pm I BePaßtopol - | 6:05 pm| 6:15 pic
- Stages connect .at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Geyserville for Ska«s Springs: at
Cloyerdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kclseyvllle, Soda Bay and i.akeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Barrett Springs; at
TJkiah for Vichy .Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blua
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake; Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
.Valley. Jonn Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, .Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Boonevilla,
iGreenwood, Orr*s Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
»ort Bragg, Wastport, Usal, WUlets, Canto, Co-
*elo. Laytonville. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduee4
. rates. -- ■" . ■ ..*■■■
■ On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates. " ,
. Ticket Offices, 650 Market sU, Chronicle bulldln*.
H. C. WHITING. , R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. ■ ' Gen.' Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
Trains leave and arrive t; BSIgwHBM
Trains leave and arrive ti
Market-Street Ferry. IB&^s?Kjfcfflgy
SANTA FEIXPRtSS. WjSS
To Chicago via A. & l'-\s^^£3
. V . " Direct Line : ■^^■HtK^Q'JJ
Leaves every day: at 5 p. m., carom* l'ullmaa
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also Modern tip.
bolstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
and bedding and In charge of a porter, run dally
through to Chicago via Kansas City. ; Annex cars
for Denver and St. Louis. "'.
Persona ly . conducted • Boston Excursions via
Kansas Cliy, Chicago, Montreal and the White
Mountains leave every Wednesday. .
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: in.cresting scenery-
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms. -
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
Chronicle Building.
Telephone Mais 1031* ' ;
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry). :.
from San Francisco, commencing Jnne 15, 1834
WEEKDAYS. -
For Mill ' Valley and San. Rafael — 7 >00. *8-00
•9:16 10:15, 11:45. A. M.; 'IUS, a::! 0, 4 15.
5:16. ♦6:00. 6:35 P. M. ' ■■*
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
Wot Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B -00 *fl -on .
, •10:00, 11:30 a. m.;**lJ:Sj, *1 -.30, *215 »4-OGL ■
6:30, 6:45, 8:30 p.m. ijcira trip to Saui'alitoat
Trains marked ' • run to San Qnentin. ••111 -3«
'■*■•? r. m. does not run to Mill Vmlfw. • • - "T
[ < :>■-• THROUGH TRAINS.
- For Point Reyes ana way sta;ions— B -00 a m,
Saturdays: 9 a. m. Sunclavs; 5:16 p. v weekdays
I . For Point Reyes, j Cazadero and way statioaii
1 tifiAA, M^n»dajf t ; XHAj, M^WMkeaJreT^!!!^A WHOLE PARTY
LOST TO SIGHT,
Alameda's Democracy All
Went to the St. Louis
Convention.
NONE LEFT TO RATIFY.
Great Interest Shown in the
Future Movements of Frank
J. Moifitt
QUICKLY THE FIRE DIED OUT.
But the Dispay of Republicanism
at the Tabernacle Went to
People's Hearts.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 26. »
The Populists and Democrats and the
Silver party of Alameda County are
directing their attention just now to the
homecoming of Frank J. Motfitt. A year
ago when the ex-Senator gave up his
Democratic newspaper and. retired from
the surface of politics it was predicted
that he would rise again at the head of
some other combination, which was not
at that time foreseen by the curbstone
politicians. But Frank Moffitt saw it.
The man who could command the services
of a special Southern Pacific locomotive at
midnight to fly to Altamont and do that
which eventually unseated S. G. Hiiborn
in Congress could see farther than his
neighbors, and the dispatches received
during the past two days have conclusively
proved the truth of the prediction.
Frank Moffltt will return to Oakland in
a few days and everybody is wondering
what he will do.
That he will not be idle is a foregone
conclusion to all who know the tireless ac
tivity of the man. He has always been a
Democrat, and about two years ago he
commenced the advocacy of free silver.
He is one of the committee appointed by
the Bimetallic Convention to convey the
news of its indorsement of the Demo
cratic candidate to Mr. Bryan, and it is
safe to say that he will not confine his
' mission to the business delegated by the
convention. Frank Moffitt is sanguine.
Sanguineness is his life, and he believes
he has already helped to elect the next
President. He has graduated from the
school of petty politics that dominate a
town election or even a question of State
policy and has taken his stand among
National politicians.
The dispatches from St. Louis have
made frequent mention of the man from
Oakland, and Dr. Woolsey led the march
in the convention hall when Bryan's in
dorsement was announced. Should the
impossible happen and Mr. Bryan be Mr.
Cleveland's successor there will be a lot
of patronage to be dispensed, and it is
sale to say that Mr. Daggeit and Mr.
Irish will not have much to say about the
apportionment.
In such an event W. "W. Foote, Bill
English and Frank Moffitt would be
elevated to a position for which they have
already built a solid foundation.
It is safe to say that the ex-Senator will
at once commence to solidify all the dis
gruntled elements in politics so that a
respectable Bryan vote shall be returned
from Alameda County. At present there
is not a Democratic or Populist organ on
this side of the bay with the exception of
one weekly, and so it is not unlikely that
the ex-editor will again get into harness,
and that Athens will howl.
"We have all been sold," said a Populist
office-holder in this county this morning.
"If Bryan should be elected, what wonld
the Populists get? Our old friends, Foote,
Moffitt and English would try to be as
generous as possible, but with such a
horde of hungry Democrats to feed, they
could only have apologies and regrets left
for us, and then we should surely get in a
greater ratio than 16 to 1."
Rev. Dr. Wendte is pastor o* the church
of which John P. Irish is a trustee. Dr.
Wendta is an observant man, and he is
also an advocate of a sound money
standard. He has been called "a Christian
who believes in one God, and 100 cents
(not 53) in tne dollar." "And that is
what I am," said the doctor yesterday.
One of his friends, Adna D. Dennison, a
leading Populist of tMs city, asked th«
doctor how the silver fight looked. "To
tell th« truth," replied Dr. Wendte, "you
are the first free-silver man that I have
seen since I left Oakland."'
Two weeks have gone by since the Dem
ocrats nominated the boy orator, who is
38 years old, for President, and yet the
Democrats of Alameda County have not
ratified. If there be any Democrats at
all in this county they certainly have done
nothing to show their appreciation of the
convention that would foist upon the
country another four years of maladmin
istration infinitely worse than the last.
The only reasonable inference is that all
the Democrats have either enlisted under
the banner of protection or have left the
district. As the only Democrats known to
be abroad are W, W. Foote, Dr. Woolsey
and ex-Senator Moffitt, it seems reasonable
conclusion that they are the Democracy of
A'ameda County. Had these gentlemen
been at home there would cerjtainly have
been a band-wagon and a transparency and
some red fire and speeches long before
this, and such tactics would have brought
out a crowd and the air would have been
full of enthusiasm. This is a peculiarity
of Alameda County. The air is full of De
mocracy and the streets of Democrats, but
the election returns always make it ap
pear that they emigrate on the eve of elec
tion day. •
The preceding paragraph cannot but
point out a most pertinent moral to the
Republicans of Alameda County — the
need, the demand for harmony. Although
a pronounced Republican county it is a fact
that to-day ths majority of office-holders
are freak politicians. They have taken
advantage of prevailing discontent in Re
publican ranks and have slipped in un
awares because the party vote was hope
lessly divided. Although the probability
of harmony on matters purely local is not
particularly roseate, it is encouraging to
note that there is a marked evidence ot
unanimity regarding the necessity of pro
tection and of working for its standard
bearer. The letting off of Democratic
and Populist fireworks during the past
few days has subsided just as fast as the
rocket sticks fell, but the patriotism,
the figures, the facts, the manhood
displayed at the Tabernaclo on the
night of the great Republican
ratification meeting still live- The
argument made that night by W. ft.
Davis was like a seed dropped on. fertile
ground. It is sending forth shoots on
every street corner, and when the votes
are counted it will b« seen that however
much fireside matters may rend the party
in this county on the great issue of
protection Aiamedans are united.
d. W. B.
PETITIONS FILED EARLY.
Objections to the Estimated Values of
the City Assessor.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 26.— The street
car companies are taking time by the fore
lock ana presenting their petitions for a
reduction of assessments to the City Clerk
before the City Assessor has turned his
books over to that official. Yesterday the
Oakland Consolidated and the Alameda,
Oakland and Piedmont electric lines pre
sented their petitions and had them filed.
The assessments are the same as those
made by the County Assessor on each
line- The tracks, poles, road and road
bed of the Consolidated from Second
street to the northerly line of the city are
placed at $23,225. whereas the company
only asks $8087 for them. The franchise
is placed at $25,000, while the company
holds it at $4000.
On the Sixteenth-street branch the com
pany asks for a reduction of from $11,000
to $5585 and on toe franchise from $5000 to
$1000.
The Eighth-street branch is assessed for
$16,650 and the franchise at $10,000. The
company asKs a reduction to $7524 and
$3000 respectively.
The aosessment upon the Alameda, Oak
land and Piedmont Company's track,
poles, road and roadbed in Oakland is
placed at $43,450. The company wants ii
reduced to $20,481. Several franchises
cover the right of way, whicn are assessed
separately, aggregating $35,000, which the
company wants placed at $9500. The
franchise covering one-half of the Webster
street bridges is placed at an additional
$1000, but the company thinks it should
not be over $500.
PHILIPPIC ON GAMBLING
Police, Like Ministers and Their
Deacons, Should Not Lounge
About Salcons.
Rev. F. D. Bovard Is Doubtfnl If the
Chief of Police Would Bb on His
Side in Suppressing Gambling.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 26.— Rev. F. D.
Bovard delivered an address this evening
to his parishioners on "How Gambling la
Carried On in Alameda."
He said that there are two well-known
characteristics of pambling— hazard with
all the attendant excitement and the ab
sence of an equivalent for that which may
be gained. "The gambler." he said, "is
an anomalous member of society. He has
no god but chance, which is the wildest
sort of atheism. He ignores all the laws
of industry, which makes him an anarch
ist. His ends are not mutual advantage,
but simple robbery, though not so gross
and blnnt in methods yet as surely rob
bery as it thst of the highwayman.
"The Chief of Police thinks it is my
duty to run down and arrest evil doers.
There are several reasons why 1 cannot
comply with his request, the principal
one being that I should want some assur
ance that the Chief was on my side in the
contest."
The doctor then described the method
of gaining entry into these resorts and the
purchase of "chips" and the playing of
"draw poker." In concluding he said:
"I am convinced that a genuine revival
of righteousness and particularly right
eous indignation among the guardians
of the law would go a long way
toward stamping out the evils of our large
cities. A police that hang about the sa
loons, smoking, swearing and drinking,
are breeders, not suppressors, of crime.
Their duties are sacred and they have no
more right to lounge in the haunts of vice
than the clergyman and his deacons. If
these places are unfit for tne one they are
equally so for the other."
The People's Party.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 26. — The
People's party held a ratification meet
ing last night that was fairly well at
tended. Great credit was given to the
Democratic party for its enunciation of
some of the Populistic convictions. One
speaker said that the chief curse of the
country was the American Bankers' Asso
ciation and that while they ruled the
country the Populists would be found
ready to unite with any party to combat
their foe.
The Congressional Fight.
OAKLAND.CaI., July 26,-Within a week
the Republican County Central Committee
will issue a call for a primary election to
elect delegates to the Third District Con
gressional Convention. Forty-seven dele
gates will be chosen from this county and
it will be a contest between Congressman
Hilborn and Judge Fnck. By allotting
one delegate to every 170 Eitee votes of
two years ago the apportionment will be
as follows:
I
fa
• »»
: o
• ?
First Ward . ..
Second Ward.......'...... ... ..;..;
rhlrd Ward:
Fourth Ward
Fifth Ward...... ........
Sixth Ward.
Seventh Ward............ ....»
Alameda....... ........"....
8erKe1ey ...... ;.'..:...-.. ...... ..........;.
Oakland T0wn5hip...........
Brooklyn Township :*.'«;.':;';». .;t;
Kden Township ..'.....: :....'.
Washington T0wn5hip. ............;
Murray T0wn5hip...... ...........:......
480
648
602
65H
402
476
696
1.13H
74H
483
348
697
541
445
3
* 4
4
8
a
3
' 4
7
4
3
2
3
3
2
Totals
8,150
47
Saturday's Wreck.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 26.— The injured
trainmen who met wich accidents in the
wrecking of the freight train near Sunol
are progressing finely. All are reported
out of danger to-day. The wreckage was
cleared away and travel resumed this
morning.
Fell in a Fit. r
OAKLAND, Cal., July 26.— Mrs. Eliza
beth Stangerbereer fell in an epileptic fit
this afternoon at Trestle Glen. She was
conveyed to the Receiving Houpital and
recovered. The same lady fell in a similar
tit from a moving narrow-gauge train a
short time ago.
Travel Blocked.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 26.— The electric
plant of the Piedmont road broke down
this afternoon and blocked travel for sev
eral hours. This road supplies the power
to the Blair Park and Trestle Glen road,
and thousands of people were subjected to
inconvenience.
Tbe oldest national nag in the world is
that of Denmark, which has been in nse
since the year 1210.
When Baby was sick, we gave her Castoria.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria,
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria,
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 27, 1896.
PICKED UP
THE GAUNTLET.
State Committeeman Lafon
Answers Colored
Democrats.
DEFENDS HIS BELIEF.
McKinley Represents the Princi
ple That Permits Colored
Men to Live.
A DEMOCRAT AS A TEAITOB.
Strong Words From an Afro-Ameri
can Politician Who Knows
What Gratitude Is.
Oakland Ofkicb Baw Feait-isco Call,)
908 Broadway Ju'y26. £
Three days ago the colored Democrats of
San Francisco issued a challenge in The
Charles Felix T. Lafon of Oakland, Republican State Committeemanat-Lorge.
Call to their Republican brethren. The
vital part reads as follows:
We hereby ."publicly challenge the Republi
cans of this City to rind two men (we draw no
color line) who will meet us in joint debate on
issue* of the present campaign and their rela
tion to the Interests of the colored men of the
country, the debate to take place at Metropol
itan Temple at an early date and under the
auspices of the State central committees of the i
Republican and Democratic parties.
Charles Felix T. La lon of this city, a
well-informed Republican leader of his J
race, is highly indignant over the remarks
of the colored Democrats of San Francisco, j
Mr. Lafon, who is a member of the State
committee at large, makes the following
reply: '
I am ashamed and very much surprised to
read in Friday's pater the challenge from the
Colored Democratic club. 1 did not know that
there was existing such a body as the Colored
Democratic Club, for I do not believe that
those young and intelligent ■ men . would sup
port a party that has : been an enemy to our
race and trodden them under foot for so many
years, a party that has . opposed every act ■in
the Congress of the United States and in the
House that would benefit our race. I do not
believe they meant it as a challenge, and I do
not believe that there is a true colored Demo
crat at heart living to-day in the United
States.
As a true Republican, a politician and a
member of the State Committee at large I
would accept the challenge for the interest of
my party. . But I am called away: to Los An
geles as a delegate to the Colored Congress
from the Afro- American League.
• I will give the Colored Democratic Club
this nut to crack And reflect upon. First, for a
colored man to be a Democrat he must be a
traitor to true principle, an enemy to justice
and a tyrant to his lawfu' friend and party
which is the original Republican party of Abe
Lincoln. McKiniey, the present leader of this
party, has stood in the battlefield weeping and
sighing while fighting for the. freedom of our
race and the union of our country, willing to
sacrifice his life for our cause, crying aloud
"Oh, God, let me see these people free from
this bondage. Soldiers, follow me to the front,
for this is the battle of freedom* to the negro
and our country."
Now, is there a colored man of principle
that would go back on such a man as this?
We say No 1 No! On the opposite side I can
provewhere Mr. Bryan and many other Demo
cratic Congressmen and. Senators cast their
votes, both in the House cf Congress and in
the Senate; of the United States, to shin us
away as dogs from our country to the wilds of
Africa, a country we know nothing about
This is what the Democrats would do lor us
Everything that was ever done in favor of
our race, for its elevation, enlightenment and
protection, has been done by the Brand old i
Republican party from the time the good and i
brave soldiers of the Union army entered into I
the battlefield : to sacrifice their life lor the !
freedom of our people and the union of the
great republic. Take history for, it, you will
find two-thirds of the army were stanch Repub
licans. The Republican party so loved our
people that they kept an army of soldiers all
through the South to protect our people until
such time as they were able to protect them
selves. This was done at great expense to the
Nation.
As I sit looking at the picture of one of the
greatest Republicans of the world who has
taken away the shackles of slavery from the
poor slave, T feel that I could sacrifice my
very life and soul for this great patriot, and
especially for the great genera), McKinley !
who is the friend of my race and our country i
££ was a Republican, James A. Garfleld, who 1
once stood In ibe House of Congress and said-
Gentlemen, we must protect our black brothers
In the South from all these outrages pmc'iced
upon them. .80 Jet us make law and have the '
law enforced. Gentlemen, let us have free
dom, with ail its ' ennobling institutions, sus
tained by free speech, a free pulpit and a free
press, with universal education and labor hon
ored, and equality of rights for the black and
white, citizen oi our country— for rich and
poor." ;In 870 the , Republican party ratified
the fifteenth amendment to the constinition
of the United. States. This gives to our race
the. right to vote. ; ; The Democratic party !
ft ? . w Very ' hard " X": lnßt *«!»• -. This proved
that they were our bitter enemy politically
From f I^6o to ; 1800 the Democratic party
fought hard on. the battlefield, at sea and in
the House of Congress against cur race. It
was our friend,, the Republican, party, that
proclaimed the emancipation proclamation.
It was the r Republican party that pa ,d ■ the
thirteenth amendment, which was ratified In
December. 1885. -r This act forbade slavery iS
all parts of the United States of America, now
and forever.
This must be my last word: "Let no colored
man ever ■' trust a Democrat as ; his friend do
htically. • r
■'- '■■ ■■■■-'■: ■A r "" 1 : - ■ - ■ ..
The Gordon Jury Completed.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 26.— The jurors
have ail been secured in the case of
Charles Gordon, known as "Bigloot."
charged with grand larceny in con
nection with the gold brick trick.
They are O. C. Hyatt, W. Lebrecht,
Frederick Bryant, G. W. Hoguet. M.
Bryne, G. W. Boynton, C. A. Session, E.
Bernheim, Fritz Boehraer, Louis Hof
schmidt, L. C. Levy and C. B. Davis. The
trial will be held next Thursday.
CALIFORNIA LANDS.
State Board of Trade Compiling a Circu
lar of Valuable Information.
J. A. Filcher, manager of the California
State Board of Trade, has struck upon a
new plan for gathering statistics of valua
ble information for the benefit of those in
the Eaai who contemplate changing their
homes. While Mr. Filcher was at the
Atlanta Exposition he met many people
who desire to settle in California, but who
labor under the erroneous belief that lands
in this State are very high priced and con
sequently difficult for one of moderate
means to acquire. Within the past week
Mr. Filcher has sent the following letter
to all of the newspaper proprietors in the
State:
I am convinced that people are being diverted
from California who would otherwise come,
because of the impression that prevails almost
universally throughout the East that lands
are so high here that a man of moderate means
cannot very well get afoothold. Many people
of the East and Middle West who are disposed
to change their location, are induced to go to
the Southern States, where it is represented to
them that land can be had at very low rates
and on easy terms. The impression regarding
hlgn prices of land iv California have been
created by conditions that prevailed here a few
years ago, but which are not true to-day.
In justice to our State, the people of the
East and of the world should know the truth,
and to this end we desire information from all
parts of California, from which can be com
piled a summary of the situation regarding
the terms and opportunities for obtaining
land here to-day.
I would be glftft, therefore, if you will pre
pare an article for your paper setting forth
specifically the situation in your locality, stat
ing the kind of land, what it is capable of pro
ducing and at what price and on what terms
the land you describe can be had.
The article will be effective in the first place
in disseminating information abroad on this
important matter regarding your section of th«
State, and then if you wiil send us a copy of
the same, cut out and mailed in an envelope
so that it will not be overlooked, we will use it
in making up a summary of the situation in
California.
Trusting that I have made this matter clear,
and that you will act upon the suggestion, I
remain, etc.
Mr. Filcher will begin at once to compile
a circular in wtrch all of the information,
data, etc., will be summarized. These will
De put into an attractive form and sent all
over the East, where they wili naturally
catch the eye of the prospective home
seeker in the West.
WEDDED AMID APPLAUSE,
Salvation Army Camp-Meeting
Closes With a Double Mar
riage Ceremony.
Adjutant Willis Wins a Wife and
Is Promoted at the Same
Time.
Oakland Office San Feancibco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 26. $
The closing feature of the Salvation Army
camp-meeting was the double wedding that
took place this afternoon. The event was
solemnized in the pavilion, which held
about 2000 people, and as many more wit
nessed the ceremony from the outside.
Commander Booth-Tncker conducted the
meeting, and half an hour before the first
wedding he called for the brides and bride
grooms "so that the people could sice them
up." Ensign Campbell and Miss Lucas
entered first, and they were quickly fol
lowed by Staff-Captain Willis and Miss
Wise. Both the ladies are officers in the
army.
The commissioner then proceeded to
speak of marriages in general and Salva
tion Army weddings In particular, and of
the events of the afternoon in detail. He
r«ad the articles of marriage from the army
ritual, and then called for Ensign Camp
bell and Captain Mattie Lucas. The cou
ple took their places on either side of the
commissioner and were married.
The responses were very clearly ren
dered by the bride, who wore her bonnet
and looked as much at home and as free
from nervousness as though she were con
ducting a meeting at Petaluma.
A large bouquet was handed to her and
she received it, while the vast audience
cheered and clapped its hands.
No sooner bad Staff-Captain Willis and
Staff-Captain Minnie Wise taken the posi
tions just vacated by Mr. and Mrs. Camp
bell than several in the crowd shouted,
"He's all right."
"He is," said the commissioner, and the
ritual was again performed. Allss Wise
was a little more nervous than the other
bride, but she recovered herself when
called upon to speak. All the newly
married folks gave a little teat'mony and
were loudly cheered.
Commissioner BoothrTucker then sprang
a little surprise. He called Staff Captain
Willis to the front and publicly an
nounced that he had been promoted to |
adjutant. As is usual in such cases his |
brother officers bounced him in the air, to
the creat (ielinht of the audience, the dis
comfort of the newly made adjutant and
to the consternation of his wife of five
minutes, who looked as fearful as though
her husband were being executed.
Rev. Mr. Wise of Ban Francisco then
spoke a few words. He is the father of
Mrs. Willis, and he said that he had two
daughters in the army, and he would be
very pleased if his other children fol
lowed their example.
Editor Milsop or the War Cry has re
turned to the desk from which he was
transferred several months ago and was
at tne meeting.
The campmeeting closed with to-night's
service, and meetings in all the corps wiil
be resumed at one*.
TURNED OUT TO
SEE THE BABIES,
Watching New Arrivals in
the Golden Gate
Park Zoo.
SOME DESIRABLE WALES
Proposition to Build a Grand
Amphitheater in the Vicinity
of the Cliff House.
" JOE," THE INTELLIGENT OBANG
A Pretty Ascent by Balloon, but a
Hard Way of Coming Down— Miss
Viola's Experience on a Housetop.
The indications early yesterday were
that it would be an unpleasant day, but
before the midday there was a change lor
the better, and the result was an immense
crowd of people at the park, the beach and
the places of recreation in the western
part of the City.
The babies in the park, that is, the many
babies in the zoo, the baby elks and the
baby buffaloes, were the center of attrac
tion, and at no time have there been so
many people around the inclosures within
which the animals are kept as there was
yesterday.
But little work is being done in the park
at this time, as the Commissioners do not
know what amount of money they will be
allowed, and until tnat is known no defi
nite plans as to improvements will be de
cided upon.
The contemplated improvements are
the bridge across the main driveway to
the new music concourse, which it is esti
mated will cost from $25,000 to $30,000 if it
is to be finished in ornamental style; an
electric plant, which would be used to
illuminate the park in response to a popu
lar demand and which would cost about
$20,000; cases and cabinets for the new
annex to the museum, which will cost
about $6000, and tne fitting up of the con
course and building of the band stand at
one end of it. As to the cost of that there
is no estimate, as it has not been de
cided what kind of a structure should be
erected. It has been suggested that as the
street railway combine is in a great meas
ure benefited by the music and other at
tractions in the park it ought to erect the
new band stand.
The various footpaths that have been
covered with coarse gravel are provine a
great success and are blessed by pedes
trians who were in the past forcea to
trudge over dust that clung to and dam
aged wearing apparel. The proposition is
to ultimately cover all paths for pedes
trians with this kind of gravel.
There were several contributions to the
Park Museum during the week, the prin
cipal one being a donation by J. Z. Davis
of this City of curious swords, knives,
battle-axes, guns, spears and arrows that
were used in the long ago by some of the
old-time inhabitants of Europe, and which
will make an interesting addition to the
collection already in the armsroom. He
also gave a number of Japanese curios. J.
L. Bardwell donated three Japanese fig
ures and two ancient chalices. M. Braver
man of Visalia contributed six specimens
of gems.
During the afternoon a boy about 14
years of age was seen running down one of
the|paths near the bridge that leads to the
band-stand, and suddenly he reeled and
fell. Several persons ran to his assistance,
and found that he had become exhausted
in running away from a policeman and
dropped. In a short time he was restored
to consciousness, and it was ascertained
that an officer who had seen him using a
sling to kill birds had called to him, and
fearing arrest he ran away. When the offi
cer who had detected him in the violation
of one of tne park ordinances came up he
became very violent and made another at
tempt to run away, but he was held and
forced to accompany the officer to show
him "the other boy who did it."
Prior to the opening of the Midwinter
Fair the park was filled with quail and
other birds, but the unusual din and the
crowds there every day drove the birds all
away. For a long time what had become
of them was a mystery, but recently it has
been discovered that they have migrated
to the territory north of the pars and south
of Point Lobos avenue, and that many of
the quail have located on Sutro Heights.
The Mayor takes a great deal of pride in
the birds and has fed them every day.
The white seal, which has recently ap
peared on the rocks near the Cliff House,
was one of the objects that drew a big
crowd to the beach, but his scalship did
not put in an appearance, but that he was
on the rocks ana frightened away the oth
ers of darker hue is vouched for by Colonel
Wilkins.
The many attractions on "The Merry
Row" were viewed by the crowd, and tne
new scenic railway, which runs smoothly
since bearings have been run down, were
crowded with passengers all day long. By
night this is to be made attractive by
numerous electric lights. Mayor Sutro
took his first iconic railway ride yester
day.
Within the baths there was a good pro
gramme of performances in the water by
the California Swimming Club and spe
cialty artists on the platform. During the
afternoon J. Anderson of 821 Mission
street won the 50-yard race, and P. Schles
enger oi 534 Page street was second. Iv
the 100-yard race by the California Swim
ming Club, H. Maßirney won. L. J. Mahon
second and Ed Harrison third. In the
water polo match between the Stockton
and California clubs, tbe Stocktons won
by a score of 1 to 0.
The California Swimming Club will this
week issue a challenge to all comers for
the Spreckels trophy.
Arrangements are being made for the
placing of 150 tub baths in tbe big build
ing, and the work of placing them in posi
tion wiil probably be commenced this
week.
The large terraced space to the east of
the batlis will, it i; stated, shortly be
turned into a monster amphitheater. It
is proposed to build seats on the terrace,
plant trees to shade spectators, and to
have an immense platform at the bottom
of the terrace on which to give exhibitions
of Olympian games.
In view of the increased traffic on the
Sutro line a number of trailers are being
built to attach to regular trains and
thereby accommodate those who ride.
There was a great throng of people in
the recreation grounds, and the Chutes
and scenic railway carried full loads all
the afternoon. There were many who
entered tbe tent to pay their respects to
"Joe," the orang-ontang. He is a curious
little fellow, about three feet high, shaped
liked a human being, except as to face
and feet. The head differs from that of
the ape and is almost like that of what
is known a bullet-headed man. He is re
makably intelligent and comprehends
what is said to him as readily as a child
would. He is in great fear of the whip
and when he is chided or threatened with
a whipping he ambles up to his master,
places his great hairy arms around his
neck and placing his broad face and coarse
lips against his cheek kisses him.
In this he is as affectionate as a child,
and like a child seems to beg not to be
punished. He does a lew specialties and
-, - - ' >':■ .;■ ■ ■' : . - -■_■■_ ■ - ' ■
Auction Bales
AU€TIOS_ SALE.
! Will Sell st Sheriff* Warehouse, 311
I :■>*•.'. i- ■■■:■-.: -■■- Laikin Street, ■
MONDAY.. ...JULY 27,11 A. M..
$20,000 Worth of Unclaimed Goods !
■; . .• "....ooNsisTrxa 0t....
Pianos, Furniture of all kinds, Beddinjr, I
Stoves,' Croekerv, Etc. • •
•■■■'L H. BURP, Auctioneer. |
lUCTM SALE!
3a* ife> && fe
Thursday.... July 30, 1896.
....At 11i.11., at....
Sunset Horse Market, 220 Valencia st., ,
•■vi.p.^&t.r.Wl WILL BELL. .'.VHOKSBJIMHhK.
60 Head of Sound Young Horses, broeen and un-
broken, from 4 to 7 years old, weighing from 1000
to 1400 lbs; also. Saddle Horses and Polo Ponies.
So reserve or limit. i)ili|MiiMii iBMaWBW
SDIUVAK A POYIiE, Anctionears.
does these well. He dresses himself,
smokes, pours milk from a bottle, uncork
ing and recorking it and holding a glass
in one hand uses it with the naturalness
of a human being. The fingers of his
hands are as well developed as those of a
man, and have finger-nails that many a
man would be prond of.
Miss Viola made a very pretty ascent
from the grounds, bat the descent was not
all she desired, and her experience in
reaching the roof of a bouse near Haight
and Octavia streets was not at all pleas
ant. Tbe balloon rose well and high, and
when it showed signs of descending the
aeronaut attempted to cut away, but with
out success.
She was seen tugging at the cutaway
line aud then the parachute opened, but
suddenly closed again, and then the bal
loon with the weight still attached to it
continued to descend. A second time the
parachute opened and closed again, and
the opinion was that Miss Viola would
come down with the balloon, but when
within a few feet of a roof the ropes that
held the parachute suddenly parted, the
balloon rose and Miss Viola iell on the
roof — a flat one — carrying the parachute
with her. Those who went to assist her
found her suffering from a sprain to one
of her ankles and from a number of
bruises, but none were serious. She was
taken to her home, where she received
proper attention.
MET AROUND THE
FESTAL BOARD,
California Lodge of the
B'nai B'rith Cele
brates.
TWENTY-FIVE YEARS OLD
Members and Their Friends
Make Merry by Feasting and
Dancing.
THREE HUNDRED PRESENT.
Quite % Number of Prominent Officers
•F the Order Respond to
the Toasts.
Three hundred members and friends of
California Lodge of the Independent
Order of B'nai .B'rith celebrated the
twenty-fifth anniversary of the organiza
tion of the lodge at B'nai iJ'rith Hall last
evening with feasting and dancing. Cov
ers had been laid for 800 and the hall was
well filled. Nearly all the members and
their wives were present, and quite a
number of visitors from other lodges also
sat abont tbe board.
California Lodge, which celebrated its
twenty-fifth birthday last night, is one of
the most prominent lodges of the order of
B'nai B'rith and is at present under the
management of the following officers:
President, J. L. Franklin; vice-president,
Harry Ankel; secretary, J. Isrealsky;
treasurer, M. Garren; monitor, C. Ber
liner; assistant monitor, David Cohen;
inside guardian, Philip Cohen; outside
guardian, N. H. Hirshfeld.
The success of last night's anniversary
banquet was due to the efforts of the fol
lowing gentlemen composing the commit
tee of arrangements: David Cohen, chair
man; Jacob Cohen, secretary ; Harry An
kel, E. Levenson, William Samuel, S.
Friedlander, H. Rubin, A. Neumann, J.
Wollner, Max Goldberg.
President J. L. Franklin in his address
of welcome spoke feelingly of the honors
which had been shown him in electing
him three times the president of the soci
ety and spoke in enthusiastic terms of the
zealous work of Chairman David Cohen
and Secretary Jacob Cohen of the com
mitteeof arrangements.
After the address of the president the
following toasts were proposed by Max
Goldberg, the toast master, and drank by
the members and their friends:
"District Grand Lodge No. 4." Grand Presi
dent E. I.Wolfe; "California Lodge No. 163,"
D. Cohen; "Constitutional Grand Lodge," D. S.
Hirsbberg; '-Past Presidents," Secretary Julius
Israelsky ; "Finance of the Order," Graud Treas
urer B. H. Harris; "Jewish Women in Contra
distinction to the New Woman," Rev. M. S.
Levy; ''Future Success of California Lodge." i
Harris Rubin. j
Among those present at the banquet j
were the following:
8. Baruch, Mr. and Mrs. L. Van Vllet, Mr. and j
Mrs. M. Kayser, Julius Rosencrantz, Mr. and
Mrs. L. M. Getz, Mr. and Mrs. J. Mier, M. E. !
Krisleller, Mr. and Mrs. P. A. Rosenthal, Mr.
and Mrs. Joseph Kragen, Mr. and Mrs. H.
Gilbert, Mr. aud Mrs. Abe Rosenstine, Mr. and
Mrs. Fred Rothman, Mr. and Mrs. Robert
Mann, Mr. and Mrs. I. Abrahams, Mr. and Mrs.
Jake Conn, Mr. and Mrs. H. Joseph, L. Bern
stein, Mr. and Mrs. M. Abrahams, Mr.
aud Mrs. J. Adelson, Mr. and Mrs. M.
Kocaman, Mr. and Mrs. J. Kochman,
Mr. and Mra. K. Morris, S. Peckerman,
Mr. and Mrs. M. Abrahams, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Isruelsfcy, Mr. and Mrs. S. Snmuel, Mr and Mrs
S. Friedlunder. C. J. Breyer, Mr. and Mrs. j, L.
Franklin, D. Bernstein, Mrs. D. Bernstein Mr
and Mrs. 1. Davis, Mr. and Mrs. J. Israeisky'
Mr. and Mra. C. Israel, Mr. and Mrs. 8. Bern
stein, Mr. and Mrs. Harold Harris, Mr. and Mrs
B. Harris, Mi. and Mrs. Carl Goldberg, Mr and
Mrs. Simon Wolf, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Wolf, Mrs
L. J. Bryer, Henry Newman, Miss E.
Solomon, Miss M. Morris, Miss Stella Raphael
Mr. and Mrs. C. Rotholtz, Mr. and Mrs. Ham
burger, Mr. and Mrs. H. Wolfe, Air. and Mrs
Leo Goldstone, Mr. and Mrs. J. Wollner, Mr
and Mrs. N. Abraham, Mr. and Mrs. \V Sam
uel, Mr. and Mrs. D. S. Hirshberg. Mr ana
Mr f-. A< G S. ldb€rg ./ Mr - and Mrs - J- Levin. Mr.
and Mrs. Frank Harris, Mr. and Mrs. S. W Lip
man, Mr. and Mrs. M. A. Goldstone, Mr. aud
Mrs. Henry Harris, Mr. and Mrs. Bruno
Roman, Mr. and Mrs. M. Brown, Mr. and Mrs
M. M. Dattlebaum. Mr. and Mrs. M. Goldberg'
Mr. and Mrs. J. Silverberg, Mr. and
Mrs. Ariel Levy, Mr. and Mrs. George H. Seelig,
Mr. and Mrs. H. Ebers, Mr. and Mrs. I. Lewis,
¥£ and w Mrs - H> R u°in, Mr. and Mrs. Wolf
Abrams, Mr. and Mrs. N. H. Hirshfeld. Mr. and
Mrs. E. Schmalz, Mr. and Mrs. N. Soloman,
Mr. ana Mrs. E. Leverson, Mr. and Mrs. H.
Abrams, Miss Hattie Cawan, Mr. and Mrg. G.
Hamburger, Mr. aud Mrs. S. Witkowaki, Mr.
and Mrs. B. Hirshfield, Mr. and Mrs. M. *um
merriald, Mr. and Mrs. S. Harris, Mr. and Mrs.
Ben Joseph, Mr. and Mrs. Abe Newman, Mr.
and Mrs. Harris Conn, Mr. and Mrs. M. Bucb,
man, Mr. and Mrs. R. Raphael. Mr. and Mrs. C.
Langart, Mr. and Mrs. Abe Davis, Mr.
S. BASCH,
Auctioneer and Commission Merchant,
Office 1043 Market st. Tel. S7l Booth.
GRAND AUCTION SALE.
TO-MORROW.
Tuesday July 38, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. v. at
1104 TAN NKSS AVENUE,
I will sell by order of Mrs. C. O. Alexander prior
to her departure for Europe tne elegant, well kept
and most costly furnishings of tbe above residence,
comprising ln part: 1 eleeant Hartman Upright
I'iano. unsurpassed for volume of tone and beauty
of (finish; 1 grand Estee Organ, with 10 stops,
cost $350; 1 haad-polisaed Mahuganv Table, brass
trimmed, latest style; 5-piece Parlor Set, uphol-
stered Iv Oriental silk damask with solid mahog-
any frames, cost $200, something very rarely of-
ferfldat public auction: aiso oart Parlor Pieces tn
sUk, plusb, brocaiel and damask; large
: breach Pjate Mirrors, Steel Llue-Enerar-
jngs. Pedestals, Bric-a-brac; £enulne Turk-
-1 n and Royal Wilton Kugs, massive
Jsedroom Set with Tennes»ee marble top and larfre
oevel edge plate glass, something superb; Chlf-
tonmr to match; 3 Oak Bedroom Sets, very mas-
sive and superbly carved: set of Leather Library
Cha rs. Oak Bookcase, Oak Reading Tables, books
oy local authors, very massive Sideboard, Ten-
nessee marble top, with heavy plate mirror; 14-
-foot Extension Table, with 12 leather Chairs to
rnatcn: polished quarter-sawed Oak Buff-r Table,
silverware, Pearlhandle Cutlery, fine Haviland
L&tna Dinner and Tea Sets, expensive Bohemian
cut Glassware, Agate and Tin Ware: also, almost
new Higd-grade Bicycle, completely equipped;
Body Brussels, Royal Vilton Carpets througtiout
the house.
Note-special attention is called to buyers ot
nne furniture and costly bric-a-brac, aa this Is <*
rare chance to get flrsi-class goods such as these
at public auciion.
TEBMSCAMI. s. BASCIT, Auctioneer
and Mrs. I. Shicb. Mr. and Mrs. A.
Rush, Mr. and Mrs. M. D. Levenson,
Mr. and Mrs. S. Batt, Mr. and Mrs. J. Feltel
berg Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Levy, Mr. and Mrs,
Marks Davis. Mr. and Mrs. Meyer Davis, Mr.
and Mrs. Isador Levin, Mr. and Mrs. L. Kragen,
Mr. and Mrs. M. Garrew, Mr. and Mrs. Philip
Cohen, Mr. and Mrs. A. Livingston, Mr. and
Mrs. Raphael Cohen, Mr. and Mrs. I. Wormser,
Mr. and Mrs. Louis May, Mr. and Mrs. S. Mor
ri:-, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Mayer, Mrs. M. E.
Kristeller, Mr. ana Mrs. Joseph Salinger, Mr
and Mrs. H. Batt, Mr. and Mrs. J. Goldstone,
Mr. and Mrs. L Jacobs, Mr. and Mrs. Max Geta
Mr. and Mrs. H. Furst. Mr. and Mr». W. Roseu
thai, Michael Feig, Mr. and Mrs. G. Jacobs on,
Mr. and Mrs. M. Cooper.
WHAT SOCIETY IS DOING.
Entertainment and Dance of the Aqua
Pura Social Club— Wedding of Mlsa
Barulh and Proctor Witney.
Aqua Para Bocial Club held its regular
monthly social and entertainment last
Tuesday evening,. July 21, at Mozart Hall.
The following programme was rendered,
several of the numbers being encored :
Musical selections, Jess Fawcett; recita
tion, Mibs Aitchison ; whistling solo, Miss
Daisy White; recitation, Ed Porter; piano
duet, Mrs. Burnieimer and Miss Desrosia;
character sketch, Louise and Hendricvon
Geisteield; recitation, W. A. Dalziel; read
ing from "Julius Csesar." Messrs. Sass and,
Sanders; vocal solo, C. E. Travers; recita
tion, John Reynolds. Refreshments were
served at the conclusion of the programme,
after which dancing was indulged in. The
following committees bad charge:
Arrangements— Miss Sadie Burke. Harry Su
nard, Miss E. D. Davis, Truman Hawley and
Miss Julia Benfield.
Floor— Gerard Wils, MissHattieKrieger, Miss
May Duplissea and James Lockie.
Sweet peas and St. Joseph lilies were pro
fusely used in the decorations of Bethany Con
gregational Church Sunday, when Miss Annie
Martin was married to Major Conway. As the
bridal party entered the organist played tho
march from "Lohengrin." The ceremony was
performed by the Rev. Dr. Pond. After the
ceremony a reception was held at the residence
of the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. Martin,
of 1210 Larkin street. The presents were
beauiiful and numerous. Mr. and Mrs. Con
way have left for Del Monte and the Yosemite
Valley. They will be at home to their friends
at 410 Larkin street after August 15.
A very pretty home wedding was celebrated
Wednesday, the 22d inst., when Miss Dora Ba
ruth, youngest dauebter of Mr. and Mrs. E. F.
Baruth of 1226 McAllister street, was united in
marriage with James Proctor Wnitney. The
bride is well and popularly known in local so
ciety circles, and the groom is a well-known
young man about town. The bride was at
tended by Miss Lizzie Heyer, and Clarence L.
Mitchell acted as best man. After a delightful
wedding breakfast the happy couple departed
for the South on their honeymoon.
A very enjoyable surprise party was ten
dered to Miss Casey at her residence, 131'^
Langton street, by Mrs. Donlon. A delightful
evening was passed in music, games und danc
ing. Among those present were: Mr. aud
Mrs. Donlon, Mrs. Start, Mrs. Casey, Mrs. Flana
gan, Mrs. Dopbler, Miss E. Spring, Miss T.
Keilly, Miss N. Dophler, Miss M. Reilly, Miss
J. Regan, Miss H. Flanagan, Miss L. Darling.
An enjoyable tamale party was given to
Miss Clara Miller Dy the Trilby Six, consisting
of Miss Alice Dyer, Miss Marcella Noel, Miss
Madge Seiger, Miss Bertha Miller and Miss
Rose Dlanes, at her residence, 411 Fourth
street, on the evening of July 18. The decora
tions were artistic and appropriate. Tiny
tainales were carried away by the guests as
souvenirs of the occasion.
Those present wera: Miss Clara Miller, Miss
Bertha Miller. Miss Madge Seiger, Miss Alice
Dyer, Miss Marcelia Noel, Miss Rosie Deane,
Miss Fiances Preece, Miss May Conroy, Miss
Ollie Stewart, Miss Annie Spellmau, Miss Ella
O'Neil, Mlsa Mamie Harrington, Miss Mamie
Begeret, Miss Annie Orr, Miss Jennie Syzwa,
Miss Gina Warohawki, Joe Ki-vansh, John
Macauley, Louis Noel, Tom Holland, Edward
Hanna, Mr. Coghlin, John Haima, George
ilaima, Grant Grey. Charles Tomas, Mr. Young,
Eugene Harrington, FrartK Miller, Miss M.
Donlon, Miss M. Casey, Miss Ida Gertie, Miss
Flossie Dophler, Miss Dora Casey, Miss Mary
Donlon, Professor D. W. Spauldiug, G. Singe
son, £. Carey, J. Donlon, T. Sit geson, J. binge
son, J. Start, J. Casey, J. and M. Donlon.
The San Francisco Whist Club. 326 Post
street, will noid a reception aud whist party
this Monday evening, July 27, to welcome the
return oi Mr. and Mrs. Henry Payot.
A musical and literary entertainment will
be given by Gettysburg Circle No. 11, L. of G.
A. X., for the benefit of the relief fund, on
Thursday evening, July 30, at Social Hall, A.
O. F. building, 102 O'Farrell street.
The engagement reception of Miss Llllie
Goldstein and Henry Goldstone will be held at
the residence of the bride's parents, 1919 Sut
ter street, on Sunday, August 2, from 2 to 5
P.M.
Mrs. Alexander Mcßean, who was thrown
from her carriage last week and seriously in
jured, ia rapidly recovering and will be able to
see her many friends next week at her resi
dence, 217 Durant street.
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Kavanagh and Mrs. J. W.
Gunn and daughter are spending a month at
Capitola.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Muller, who were mar
ried the Ist of July in this City, have just re
turned from their wedding trij.. Mrs. F.
Muller (formerly Miss Ennis Wiikinsen) is the
daughter of the well-known business man and
stanch Republican, E. J. Wiikinsen. F. H.
Muller, a representative of a German weekly
journal, is the second son of Joseph Muller,
well known in San Francisco.
Among those who registered last week at the
Hotel Perkins, Portland, were George F. Con
way and his sisters, the Misses Tillle and
Loretta Conway, and Mis» Bessie Durk.ee. They
have left for a trip around Puget Sound.
Miss Bernadetie Robinson and Miss Belle
McDonald arc guests oi Mrs. Dr. Frank Robin
son at tbe Fairmount Cotiage, Sauealito.
Miss Ruth Ehrlieh, Miss Pauline Conn and
other friends are expected home this morning
alter a pleasant trip to Fruitvale.
William Sexton, Miss Sexton, Miss Emma
Sexton, Miss Nettie A. Sexton, J. Hunter Har
rison and Will A. Sexton have returned from
Yosemite and are now at San Jose.
Britannia Lodge No. 7, Order Daughters of
St. George, will give an evening at home, 317
Mason street, on Thursday, July 30.
Among the latest arrivals at Blue Lakes
are: H. I. Forse and wife, M. L. Gihiow,Miss
Ka:e Snearey, Mrs. Siinsow, Ukiah; Joseph
Michahtschke and wife, San Francisco; James
Steiner, Honolulu; Harry Young, John Brown
ing, San Francisco; Julius Kirsten, New Or
leans, La.; D. B. Macfcay, San Francisco; I. B.
Tallman, Jacob Gertb, Oakland; Miss Madgo
Dowling, W. P. Towusend, Ukiah; U. 8.
Hurley, Oregon; Milton Phillips, San Fran
cisco; Miss Fanny Butler, Miss Liz
zie Butler, T. I. Jewell, Bob Legwatt,
Lakeport; Harry Young, M'ss Kathryn Kuchs,
James S. Bock, "Walter Green, Dan Goodman,
Miss McMahon, Miss Lillian McMahou, W. R.
Deizelle, Charles M. Sadler, San Frauclsco;
Mrs. Flora EUow, Miss Vera Ellow, Miss Delia
Clayburgh, Miss Etta Clayburgh, Mr. Bach
man, I-eon Greenbaum, Joseph Sloss, M. C.
Sloss, Charles Roth, San Francisco; Mrs. Clay
burgh, Paris; 8. Kohn. A. E. North, Charles
Strictert. Z. Bucknor, San FnncHco.
Gibbon's Dispensary,
J^tsmL? 2r * IfF1 fF' An * YST ' Estnbllsh,Hl
ml VfSB I 1? 1 * 3 * for the treatment of
IO2OKEARMTKT. Establlstu-d
Bin I»3* for the treatment of Private
tfrj.iiTfr-^W Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
MUEftggglft disease wearing on body and mind and
gWBBPC^i Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswbpn
gVHMajBB others fali.v Try him. Charges low.
H<'oi-r«Krnar»nl*«-d. Callorwrite.
Or. J. ft. UIBB9S. Box 1057, San Francisco.
910
REALTY MARKET REVIEW,
A Few Sales Reported, but
Mainly for Small
Amounts.
A GOOD BUILDING EECORD.
Business Prospects for This Fall.
Miscellaneous Notes of
Interest
The market continues dull. Sales are not
numerous, and the few that, are being made
are mainly of small properties. Some dealers
report a alight increase in inquiries tee past
week, but any marked increase in business is
not anticipated much before September 1. It
is generally believed that the volume of busi
ness this fall will not be equal to that of a year
apo, owing to the fact that it is Presidential
election year. When the result of the election
is known the season will be too well advanced
to permit of sufficient business Deing done,
even with the most tavorable conditions, to
bring up the total for the year to that of 1895.
The decrease in the amount of transfers for the
first six months of 1896 was 20 per cent, as
compared with the same period of last year.
At the present rate it looks as if the same per
centage of decrease would be maintained for
the entire year.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
Last week there was a very favorable show
ing made in the number and amount of build
ing contracts recorded. Eight separate con
tracts, amounting to $18,340, were for the
building being erected by the Royal Eagle Dis
tilleries Company at the corner of Powell and
Ellis streets. Another contract, amounting to
$17,075, was for the new market building now
in course of erection by George D. Tay, on
Powell street, near O'Farrell. The latter is to
be finished and ready for occupancy by Octo
ber 1. The total number of contracts tiled last
week was twenty-seven, aggregating $81,545.
The particulars were, as usual, published in
The Call ut the time ot filing.
There were 116 transfers filed for record last
week.
Eighty mortgages, aggregating $278,749,
were recorded last week. The principal ones,
together with the security given, were as fol
lows:
By the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
for one year at 6V£ per cent, $26,000 on prop
erty on the nortii'side of O'Farrell street, 94:6
feet west of Powell, west 22, north 68, west 21,
north 68:9, east 137:6, south 68:9. west
94:6, south 68:9; by the same, $20,000
for one year at 6% per cent on property
in 100-vara block 380, on the southwest
line of Fifth street, 50 feet southeast of
Stevenson, southeast 25 by southwest 75;
by the same, $16,000 for two years at
6& per cent, on property in Western Addition
block 160, on the southeast corner of Caliior
nie and Octavia street*, enst 68:9 by south
137:6; by the same, $93,000 for one year at
63^ per cent, on properly in 100-vara block
326. on the southeast line of Howard street,
91:8 northeast of Main, northeast 45:10 by
southeast 137:6, in 100-vara block 325, on the
southwest line of Spear street, 229:2 north
west of Howard, northwest 45:10 by south
west 137:6, on the southwest line of Spear
street, 229:2 southeast of Mission, southeast
45:10 by southwest 137:6, on the northeast
line of Main street, 183:4 southeast of Mission,
southeast 45:10 by northeast 137:6, on the
northeast line of Main street, 220:2 south
east of Mission, southeast 45:10 by
northeast 137:6, in Western Addition
block 17, on the southeast corner of Clay and
Polk streets, south 87:6 by east 102:10J4, on
the northeast corner of Polk and Sacramento
streets, north 77:8^ by east 85, in Western
Addition block 51, on the northwest corner of
Washington and Polk streets, north 65 Dy
west 190, in 100-vara block 344, on the went
corner of Fremont and Bryant streets, north
west 137:6 by southwest 137:6; Dy Louis Lip
man to James W. Edwards, $7500.
The number of releases granted last week
was sixty-four, aggregating $109,044. But
one was for a larger sum than $10,000. It
was granted by the German Savings and Loan
Society to Dennis Mahouey for $13,700 on
property on the west line of Polk street, 87:6
feet north of California, north 25 by west 81 :3.
MI9CELLAKTEOUS NOTES.
A. M. Speck & Co. have leased the Norman
die lodging-bouse to Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Mar
shall for $225 per month.
A deed oi trust was recorded last Wednesday
given by Henry E. Bothkin to the San Fran
cisco Savings Union for $11,250 on property
en the northeast corner of Fremont and How
ard streets. The property was purchased re
cently by Mr. Bothkin from the San Francisco
Gas company.
J. H. Jewett has made a deed of trust to the
San Francisco Savings Union for $12,000 on
property on the southeast corner of Bush and
Jonos streets, east 45 by south 104:6.
The largest sale reported last week was made
by Baldwin & Hammond for Louis Lipman to
Dr. James W. Edwards. The property sold is a
lot 75 by 127:8^. located on the north line of
Washington street, 103 feet west of Spruce.
The consideration was $11,250. The lot ad
joins the residence of O. D. Baldwin and com
mands one of the finest views to be had at any
point on Presidio Heights. Dr. Edwards in
tends to erect a handsome residence on the
lot.
Jacob Heyman expects to erect a goodly num
ber of houses on tne ileyman Tract this fall.
Next week he will beein the construction of a
six-room cottage on Alvarado street lor A. Dit
mar of the California Brewery.
Edwin K. Alsip & Co. report an improvement
in the demand for country lands. They report
the following sales and exchanges during the
past thirty days: 1230 acres of land near
Pleasanton belonging to T. W. Harris was sold
to M. Roberts for $28,000: 22 acres of land
near Napa, sold to T. W. Wheeler. They ex
changed property near Calistoga belonging to
S. C. Baldwin, valued at $5000, for house and
lot of A. J. Calberg, valued at $3500, and
cash difference; a house and lot of Peter
Maber in this City, valued at $5000, was ex
changed for 22 acres of land belonging to H.
M. Mitchell and valued at a like amount; 80
acres of land In Bolano County, valued at
$5000 ana belonging to A. L. Manning, was
exchanged for the house and lot of H. P. Hook
in Oakland, valued at $3500, and cash differ
ence. This makes a total of sales and ex
changes of $72,200.
On Saturday, July 18, the following pieces
of property in Oakland were sold by Easton
Eidridge & Co. Ac auction for W. J. Dingee: A
lot 50x150 on Franklin street, near Twentieth,
Bold for $2250; two lots, 30x100, each on San
Pablo avenue, near Williams street, brought
$3825, while a lot neer by on Williams street,
containing about an acre of ground, sold
for $1050; a two-story nine-room modern
house, with lot 50x100, at the corner
of Ninth and Peralta streets, sold with
an •it" for $2900; a six-room cottage
on Tenth stret, near Center, with lot 36x120,
sold for $1550; three lots on Adeline street
near Eighth, witn a total frontnge of 91 feet
and a depth of 128:3 sold for $3300; a resi
dence with lot 50x100, on Seventh street, near
Wood, sold for $1175, and two adjoining lot*
25x100 each, brought $475 a piece ; a lot 25x85
at the northeast corner of Second and Bru«h
streets sold for $540; two lots, same size ad
joining on the east, brought $340 and $300
respectively, while a lot 25x75, airectly in the
rear and fronting on Brush street, sold for
$240. The total amount of the sale was nearly
$20,000. *
Baldwin & Hammond report the following
recent sales: Lot, 25x137:6, with improve
ments consisting of a six-room cottage on the
east side of Locust street, 127 feet north of
Clay, at the price o! $5000; lot, 34 :4*-<x 137:6
on the south side of Broadway, 17lfeet west
oi Laguna, with improvements consisting ot a
small cottage, at $5950; lot and improve
ments on the east aide of Leavenworth street
C 6:6 south of Clay, 30x100, at $5750; lot on
the north side of Twenty-first street, 50 feet
west of Treat avenue, 25x110, at $1500 ; lot on
the east side of Shrader street, 35 feet south
of Waller, 25x106, at $1625; lot on the east
side of Twelfth avenue, 225 feet north
of California street, 25x120, at $725; lot on
the west side of Eleventh avenue, 225 feet
south of Lake street, 25x120, at $700; lot on
the east side of Twelfth avenue, 200 feet north
of California street, 25x120, at $725. The fol
lowing sales have been made in the block be
tween Ninth and Tenth avenues and Hand I
streets: Lot on the east side of Tenth avenue
lOOjeet south of H street, 25x120, at $900;
lot on east line of Tenth avenue, 150 feetnorth
of I street, 25x129, $800; lot on north line of
1 street, 82:6 feet west of Ninth avenue, 25x
100, $750; lot on east line of Tenth avenue,
125 feet north of I street, 25x120, at $800; lot
on the west side of Ninth avenue, 150 feet
couth of H street, 25x120, at $1100. This firm
also reports the sale of a number lots in the
Castro-street Addition,
Improved Order of Red Men.
Manzanlta Tribe No. 4 held a symposium under
"Good of the Order" on Wednesday sleep. Im
promptu, but enjoyable.
- ; M lantonomah \ Tribe No. 9 held an adoption In
the presence of Great Sachem Jackson. --The team
of .the Modocs worked the degree In a finished and
dramatic manner. •■■...,• -- ;.r • ; . ■ "
Pononachee Tribe No. 10 :• was congratulated > by
the several ; visitors . upon the strength and effort
exhibited by li. * The prospects for the ! new term
are of the very,besu>4BM(MNMWtaMßHßtiQEtP*
Brother Madaon of the Bald Eagle won on* of
the prize symbolic badges, a beautiful and appro
priate emblem. - . ■ - ■■•
Pocanonta* Tribe Mo. 11 held Its usual meeting
on Friday sleep and starts upon the new term with
every prospect of a successful season. 1 1
' sotoyome Tribe No. 12 entertained D. D. G. 8.
Brandon and O. c. of It. Burgman. The tribe in
dorsed the petition for the new tribe to be Insti
tuted this " moon. ' J - - •-. • : ■
semlnole Tribe No. 64 had a fine gathering on
Wednesday sleep, conferring the chief's degree.
The members are on the trail for palefaces with
the old-time energy.i^twWWWWßWMM^ l '^!^" 13ff""HI
I Modoc Tribe No. 57 gave a select and enjoyable
entertainment at 320 Post street.' for the benefit of
a nick brother. - It was largely attended' and finan
cially mico-ssful. '.. Among those who aided were
E. T. Owens,- tenor solo; M. Tarbox, bass soio:
Mr. Cat heart, comicalities: Mr. Finney, tenor solo.
The affair was und'T the able direction of Grand
San. P. i.. Bliss, i Past Sachem Kramer ably offi
ciated at the piano. -
, Winnemucca Tribe No. 61— Past Sachem Hogan
reports the tribe a* making things "hum" at the
council fires. Absolute correctness In things rit
ual is demanded and accorded. ¥$&($*
White tingle Tribe No. 72 has gone right to work
under the new ebfefs to swell the membership.
Bald Eagle Tribe No. 75 did work at Its last
meeting sleep and has material for more. The
term chiefs will not be permitted to slumber.
Arapahoe Tribe No. 76 sanctioned the petition
for the new tribe. Quite a number of visitors were
in during the sleep. '■■ • ■ :
Uontezuma Tribe No. 7? adopted' six palefaces
at lust meeting sleep and have several propositions
on the desk. Work Is the order of the day with
them. O. G. of W. Collins was present.
Past Great Sachem Garber of Yuba Tribe No. 41
of Marysvilie paid a fraternal visit to the Great
Council office. The Judge Is sojourning in the
City recovering 1 from- the effects of the heat.* He
speaks warmly of his tribe upon the Yuba and
has large ' hopes for its future. 3. A. D. Hall,
sachem of Tecumseh Tribe No. 62 of Oakland,
dropped in. He reports adoptions . and degrees
each meeting sleep. P. 8. V. W. Bean of Iroquois
Tribe No. 35 of Stock: on called. The tribe Is doing
finely as Is also Wan-Nit a Council, D. of P.
ushonee Tribe No. 78 at its last meeting sleep
did the very gracious act of giving* rising vote of
thanks to the - many . visitors ! present. ■ Oshonee
promises . to gain double its membership during
this great sun as it did the last great sun. :
Klawa Tribe No. 85 will be instituted In this
City on Wednesday sleep, 'J9th, with charter list
of over 100, the requisite number of tribes having
given their sanction to the petition.
• The committee on entertainment of Great Coun
cil have adopted the souvenir badge and' have de
cided upon an elaborate and suggestive pro
gramme for the week of the Great Council.
The Haymakers have had a happy, pleasant and
festive two weeks, with large accessions of mem
bers. Their novel and charming degree la much
sought, and the members, of the Great Council
from the interior will carry It back with them to
their hunting grounds.
At the ball given on the evening of the 18th inst.
in Union-square Hall by the three local councils
of the Daughters of Pocahontas members of Mod
tezuma Council presented a very pretty tableau,
'■The Daughters of Montezuma." A past sachem
of Montezuma Tribe personated Montezuma, and
he was surrounded by his lovely daughters, who
were personated by Lizzie Fredenburr, Grace Car
michial, Annie Brown and Kitty Moore.
THEIR ARMS AT ROME,
Why All the Naval Battalion
Equipment Was Not at
at Armory.
It Is Said That All the Divisions'
Property Can Be Mustered on
Call.
Captain Turner, lieutenant command
ing the naval battalion, made a short trip
with some friends to the battle-ship Ore
gon yesterday afternoon. He was seen
there by a Call reporter in regard to the
criticism of the arms and equipment of
the Xaval Reserve by Lieutenant-Colonel
Currier, division inspector of the National
Guard of California, in his recent annual
report.
Captain Turner declined to talk on the
subject of a report made by his superior
officer. He admitted the general correct
ness of the report m regard to the miss
ing arms and equipment, but said there
were some inaccuracies in it, which he laid
to the newspapers, and declined to specify.
The facts in regard to the missing arms
and equipments indicate more an inad
vertence by the men of the divisions than
carelessness in regard to the care of the
property. Some of the boys are good
shots, and in order to take better care of
the (runs they were permitted to take
them home and keep them in order there.
Many uniforms also were at home instead
ot at the armory, as in moving the divis
ions to the water-front armory the men
were each ordered to take care of his own.
The result of this arrangement was that
when Lieutenant-Colonel Currier appeared
for inspection of the quarters, etc., the arms
and other equipment not in the armory
were counted as missing. As a matter of
fact it is said that all the property of the
divisions can be mustered out on call.
Sons of Benjamin.
California Lodge No. 113 has Installed the fol
lowing officers for the ensuing term: Lewis C.
Levey, Ex. P.; Morris. Oolastone, P.; Jacob Good
man. V. P.: Henry L. Springer, recording and
financial necreiary; Benjamin Washolder, T. ;
J.' in is L. Langley, C; Emll Conn, I. G. ; Arom
Mendelsohn. O. O.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
LICK HOUSE.
Mrs S C Bowman, Oak G Isaac Dannenbaum, Cal
Mrs 8 M Levee, Vallejo F T Nelon, Nevada City
T B Howard, Ohio D F Douglas, Nevada
L L Jones, Mill Valley J V Badesco, Oakland
J Walker, Portland J Kelly, Portland
E Cooly, Marysvilie C G Betts, SDOkane
Miss M Raymond, Napa F M Miller, Fresno
0 Russell, Saratoga W H cieary. Stockton
C Steinbaueh. Cazadero A Tormey. Yuba City
Mrs X FiKiierae, Mexico Miss I Figuerae, Mexico
Miss J Flguerae, Mexico Miss L Figuerae. Mexico
F Kiguerae, Mexico Mrs Gonzalez, Mexico
J Markley, Sacramento A P Catliu, Sacramento
Mrs C Gardner, San Jose C Gardner, San Jose
Miss Gardner, San Jose C Homer, Washington
Mrs L Homer, Wash M ins Homer, Wash
L McDonald. French G Mrs Valensin, Arno
Mrs McCawley, Forest L H Cornforth. Marysvilie
E P Fosier, Ventura Mrs S Rochlld, Portland
G Lewis, Hi Louis E Thompson, Stockton
Mrs H Cappiemann, Cal Mrs W Clark. Santa Cru«
J H Lane, Oakland S De Yoe. Los Angeles
G G Parsons. Mailers, Miss L Parker, Nap*
J J Smith, Stockton J C Crone, Portland
A E Wilder, Sau Jose S H Cheda, ssan Rafael
Mrs E Fisher. Los Ang J Davis, California
G Blake. Mojave R Ruiz. Mexico
Miss Isabel Ruiz, MexicoS Black. Fresno
C J Noacn, Sacramento A H 'Ashley, Stockton
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs E S Davis, Vallejo W C Meehan. N Mcx
W C Pyfe, Pa S P Hart. Minn
J Cooke, sacto G W Chandler, Sta Cru«
J McLaren, Vallejo J Melville, Cal
1 N Templeton, Cal Miss J Peters, Salinas
Mrs JB Watson, Salinas O Pernau, Stockton
D Leisliman.CrescentCy R H Reed, Fresno
C Burnett, Columbia W \Vhit»ley & w, Vallejo
W" filler &w, Valk-jo J R cnrrow, *an Jose
Mrs Currow <fc ch.s Jose F A Williams, Chicago
R C Gates. Portland N a Barker, Los Angeles
F M Lafayette. NY EH Penning, L Angeles
A J Pillsbury, Tulare Mrs J F Mark-. Cal
P Cutter, ban Jose R J Coffende;, Chicago
E Krlechle, Ind J A Andrews, L Angeles
R Brown, or j R Reed, Orosl
W B Depew, Sanger E O Adams A w, Minn
J R bturxevant, Cal G L Lloyd, Millvllle
Mrs F N I^neen <fe s, S J Mrs M Berlinger, Byron
WH Stewart* w.Vacavl L Marks. Orovllle
E F Jordan, w & c, Sacto J Wy man A w, Woodld
C A Blnney A w, »acto
BUSS HOUSE.
C Murset, Philadelphia C t onlin, Pmartsvtlle
W B Peterson. Decoto F Garcia. Decoto
F H Small, Chicago J M Walling, Nevada
J S Merrill, Prescott 8 Abbott, Louisiana
J J Mahoney. Victoria E McGettigan, Vallejo
O J Lowrcy, Redding F Nelson, Novato
E Berjterth, Novato S H Shelley, San Jose
B Sturr & wf, Mouterey J J Sullivan, Los Gatos
O Huff, Hamlet J Mack, Santa Paula
F H Smy.he, lx>ng Farm o o Dlxon, Sacramento
J B Lewis, Oakland J C sexton. Pleasanton
H H lnkle, Dagg<>U J Schwab, Rockliu
Dr L Harris, Fresno C Dlckemon, Chicago
\v T Pnnprle, Visalia O Crawford, Mexico
(J F Anderson, Nevada F Spencer, uibnonvllle
J S Gould, Glbsonvllle Mrs Bennett, Portland
J McGarvey. Redwood J Foster, Winnemucca
G D George <fe w, oakind A Livingston, Kan Jose
G X Johnston, si Maria E G Gregory, Nevada
Jl Miids'-n. Fresno D Staley <fc wf, Nw Yor
TETbelerth, New York
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Reg.-.n, IT s >; H Meredith, N V
J O Le Casse. NY A Krause, N V
W Limon, NY p i .ilmore, N V
O H Bulkey 4 fy, Dever J Lynch, Placerville
F Raymond, Oakland A Nobawli, Oakland
G W Walker, Fresno L E Millar, Fresno
W A Scott, Fresno a L Henderson, Toronto
G L Gardner, Toronto R E Weddle, N V
W D Bryne, Topeka J O'Conneil A wt, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
M Mem & w, N V G Kemmand, N V
J J Houk, Pittsburg C D Jones, Oakland
E Ills. Be'mont y X Darling, Honolulu
C W Ellis, Oakland P C Weil. Valiejo
C C Baker, Stockton F J Bethel Rakersfleld
H F CalUher. N V H Blatz. AUmeda
P A Newmard, Los Ang W Coffin & w, San Rafael
G P Dunn, 5 Barbara a/. Cohen, N V
PALACE HOTEL.
D C Johnson, England E C Mix, N V
W Towsley Jr , London M M Shoemaker Cal
T E Wendell, Cal R Dun, Columbus
Miss H Dun, Columbus P Kly. Mokelurene Hill
J B Hooper, Cal . Mrs J B schiund. N V
UIM SchiUAd, N V Jliaa J ScUiuna, « V
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 27, 1896
THE LINCOLN CLUB WON.
Last Match of a Series of Five
Shot Off at Alameda
Point
The Olympic and Empire Gun Clubs
Second and Third Respectively.
Scores.
The final match of a series of five was
shot yesterday at the grounds of the Lin
coln Gun Club, Alameda.
The shoot has been Eoing on for five
months between the Lincoln, Empire and
Olympic Clubs for a *45 silver trophy, the
Lincolns coming ont winners with a score
of 195 breaks as against 180 for the Olym
pics and 178 for the Empires.
Following are the scores made yesterday
in detail:
usjcoi,n errs club.
Wenzel.. - 00111111110011110100—
Cate..... .11011010011100001100— 10
Fltkenger .11111111111111110111—19
Bruns....v.W.T.;/.... 11111001111111110111- 17
K. Foster. .......001111010010011 111U0— 12
Barney ■.n.TT.Tr.T.-.^.11101l 1111— 16
Danie1*. ............. .10111)111111111111111— 18
Hurgook .......1111 11111 11 11 11 1111— 20
Franzen... ............ 11001101111101101011— 1*
Karney ....;... illlll01111101111»ll— 17
Robertson ....... 11 11111 ill 111— .20
5haw....... 11011111101111111110— 12
Grand total .'.... 195
' OLYMPIC BVS CLUB.
H. G01cher...... 00111010100100001111— 10
Bekeart 11111111111111111111— 20
H. Vernon 11111010111110110001— 14
Hughes 00111011001000111101- 11
Allen .lOUllOlllOliOUOllO— ' 14
0u5t1n5.......;.......111101001010U010110— 12
O. Fendner...........0111111111110111U>10— 16
Webb... ...11111111111110011101—17
N5unian.. ....... 1011111111011111101 1- 17
F. Fendner. 11111111111111111111— 20
W. Golcher 11000011111011101111— 14
Halght 10011101111111011101— 15
Grand total. 180
EMPIRE SUN CLUB.
Newton 01111110111101000010— 12
Andrews 00101111111110110101— 14
Vandall 01001101010001111101— 11
King 11111110111011111111— 18
Lehrke.... 11111001010110100001— 10
judd ... 11011010011010011111— 18
Aiuson..... '.'.'" miiiiiiommoioo— 18
Winders... lllllOlllllllil 11101— 18
Bellinglon 11101111111111110100— 16
Winning 11010101111111101111- 18
5ear5..?...... 11 111 11011111111 1101— 18
Menaenhall 11U1100111111110110— 16
Grand total. 178
During the morning the Coast Record
match was thot at 100 birds, entrance fee
$5, with the following result:
Webb 91, Nftuman 90, Robertson 89, Haight
84, Kleckiuger 62, Fendner 81, Justing 78,
Owens 77, Vernon 73, Crowell 60. Clabrough 55.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICK of the San Francisco Cali—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, *pc»
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open nntll 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF SIJSETINIis.
Tt^S* OCCIDENTAL LODGE, NO. 22, m
IS^C F. and A. M.— Called meeting THIS A
(MONDAY) EVENING, »t 7:30 o'clock. 'SSV
Third degree. By order of W. M. />^\
-. -- • EDW. F. DExAJER. Secretary.
WZZ&F SAN FRANCISCO CHAP! »
"*^ No. 1. Royal Arch Masons, meets _A\
THIS EVENING. P. M. and M. E. M. Oe-^T IS
greet.. H. Q. PRINCE, Secretary. /V>
9PS* SHOEMAKERS, ATTENTION. — ALL
BZ& employees of the different shoe factories are
requested to assemble THIS (MONDAY) VEX-
ING, at 8 o'clock, at 915Va Market street. Im-
portant business. ' . COMMITTEE.
*^3S=*THE 125 TH ANNIVERSARY Of THE
SaP birth of Sir Walter Scott will be celebrated
by the St. Andrew's society, FRIDAY, 1 August
14th, in Scottish Hall. 11l Larkin st. Tickets, 25c.
_^_f OFFICE OF THE GERMAN SAVINGS
m^ and Loan Society— The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the German Savings and Loan
Society will be held at the office of the society, No.
526 California . street, in the City and County of
San Frincisco, State of California, on MONDAY,
the 10th day of August, 1896. at 3 o'clock P. m.,
for the election of a board of directors to serve for
the : ensuing year, ■ and the transaction of such
other business as shall legally come before the
meeting. GEO. TOURNY, Secretary.
WPS* THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
Sr**? of the Pacific Coast Dredging and Reclama-
tion Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 16 Steuart street, Han Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY, the -lih day of ' August, 1896, at 3
o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of electing a board of
trustees to serve during the ensuing year and | the
transaction of such other business as ma/ come
belore the nun Him imji 1 nqi M'HWiiiliiilUJuii I lilii_H
M. J. MADISON, Secretary.
W^S" ■ CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
S^-S" THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
In the United States or Canada one year for $1 50.
cost age free.
— — ■— — — -—■———» — — — — 1 — — — — — . _ —
SPECIAL NOTICES.
jißS* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR 94;
. W~£ F .' collections made, city •or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 416 Montgr st- room 6. Tel. 6580.
SITUATIONS *VANTEX>-FKMAX_. :
TVTEAT SWEDISH GIRL, WITH REFERUNCE,
Xi • desires a situation to do cooking and house-
; work. J. F. CROSETT A CO. . 312 Hotter sU
pOMPETENT GERMAN INFANT'S NURSE
V.' and seamstress desires situation; 2 years last
place; city or country. MISS CULLEN, 328 Sutter.
CR. HANSEN A CO.. 110 GEARY HT.,
. furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, phone or mall us your orders: prompt at-
tention guaranteed: telephone Grant 185.
\f IDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN WANTS
ifX a situation for housework: Is a good cook: also
a seamstress; no objection to children: wages $16
to $20. Address B. H. D., box 119, Call Office.
VI IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS PLACE
i'l for general housework; can give 4 years'
reference; wages 912 to $13. Apply 208 Golden
Gate aye. ■ . : ■ . ■■-;'."-.
; pOMPETENT G DESIRES A SITUATION;
V Is a good plain cook; willing and obliging;
wages 920 to 925, with reference. Address 2410
Geary sU ' ' . - .
IDOW WISHES-WORK- BY THE DAY
hoasecleanlng; can give good references; call
from 9:30. Call for MRS. BEUL. 1142 Howard st,
OMAN DESIRKS, WORK BY THE- DAY
. washing, cleaning or housework; wages (1
per day. 79 Jessie st., between First and Kecoca.
IRL DESIRES. GENERAL UOUSKWORK
IJT in a small family; can -give good reference:
city preferred. Address X., box US, this office. *•
WEDISH WOMAN WITH 2 CHILDREN
wants room In exchange for work; good worker.
Address 316 Sutter
TTVIRST-CLASSI , SWEDISH GIRL: CAN DO
£ chamber work 'or ' take ," care of an Invalid; 2
years last place. 316 Sutter su
V BTROSG SWEDISH GIRL FOR COOKING
or housework; 4 years' reference; can take full
charge of housekeeping. 816 Suiter su
pOMPETENT . ELDERLY WOMAN • wants
\J situation to do light housework; city or coun-
try. Call 216 Minna sU
p OOD SWEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUATION
"I for general housework; wages $20 per month;
first-class references. . 1125 Stevenson sU ■
*YOUNG WIDOW WISHES SITUATION AS
. X housekeeper or any other light work. Call 110
Sixth su, room 10. ■' : ;.'....Q : ' ■.■ .-
RKSSMAKER FROM NEW YORK WANTS
XJ work at ladies' bouses by ' the day or at home.
305 Eddy .' . -;--
'OUNG GIRL WISHES POSITION TO CARE
X for child and assist. Call at 532 Eddy st.
SWEDISH : GIRL ■ WANTS LIGHT . HOUSE-
work. Address sO^ Third St., room 17. .
W ANTED-BY A COMPETENT LADY, PO-
'. • • sltlon as either housekeeper to a widower with
children or companion: is a thorough housekeeper
and seamstress. Address MRS. D., box 81, Call. •;
SITUATION "WANTED — BY" FIRST-CLASS
O laundry-wash Address L. R., box «0, Call.
p O M P ETENT R FI ED~G~K RMAN GIRL,
\J with excellent reference, wishes - a | position as
nursery- governess: Is also : good seamstress. Call
or address 1022b sbotwe Isu ; •;. : ;.._■:
V[ UMBER OF FIR^T-CLASS» GIRLS AWAIT-
-> ing situations at the Swedish and German • Em-
ployment Bureau— Mß-. NORTON, 315 gutter.- :
ESPECTABLH - widow . wishes situa-
XV tlon as housekeeper; city or country; no ■ ob-
jection to children. « Call or address 10 Anthony
St., off Mission, near Second." ■:. , - - • ■/ -
;OUNO GEKMAN ,' GIRL, 19 YEARS OF
X age, wishes 10 do general ■ housework. Call or
address 1018 Powell st. • ' . ...■-.- v, -...■
W ant- d_a tailor with $150 to pir"
"■■ chase a well-established; tailoring business in
country .town of 4000, \ employing from 4 to 8
ailors; excellent opportunity for industrious man:
present owner wishes to co lias;. Address box
785, Watsonville, Cal. - . - *
■ ADY WISHES*.. TO TAKE CHILDREN™
Xj ; mother's care: or will I take I in plain sewing or
mending.!'- 1120 Mission st., top floor. . t .. -
Ml "- s. M. r. JOHNSTON, • 995 ■- MARKET BT 1
only nm-claas female help t urnitaetL, "
BinTWWlfai IbT'lliH 1 ! W irinTTitrti'ilii nyi - , - . . -- v , - -\T- i
'^SITUATIONS WANTED-ContlniMKj. ;
WANTED — POSITION , BY A - FRENCH
:«i l housekeeper: if nil; care of the home; also in
absence of owners; English spoken ; terms moder-
ate.- Address Housekeeper, 2'J22Vi Mission st. . -.'
DRKS MAKER WISHES WORK IN FAMIL-
. les :by the day: terms $1 per day In dull sea-
son. Address Dressmaker, box 56. Call Office." .'.
ANTED — BY MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN,
''.position as housekeeper .for club of gentle-
men or for . a 'widower's family: ' No. 1 reference
given aud required. Address J. L., box 42. call.
FIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER, / WANTS
wvrk by the day; terms reasonable. Call or
address 618 Geary st. - \' : ■;%"■■• "•-:''
OTHER AND DAUGHTER ' WISH WORK
i'l in the same house; first-class seamstress, sec-
ond work -and cook country preferred.' Call or
address 616 Third su . .
"V'OUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE TO ASSIST IN
X light housework. 1 ■ 126 Fourth 6t., room 26. '■ .
ESPECTABLE WIDOW WANTS POSITION
XV as housekeeper or overseer In hotel or private
house; best :of references. Call or address 8265
Twenty-second tt., off Valencia.
THIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE
X work by the day or take work home; fit guar-
arnnteed : reasonable. 219 Golden Gate aye. - '
Y OU NG LADY, UNIVERSITY GRADUATE,
X desires a position as private secretary or any
kind of oifice work; English, German and French;
highest references. E. H., box 13, Call Office.
DRESSMAKINGS ■„ AND PLAIN > SEWING;
XJ cheap." Call or address 2118 Mason st.
\\r INCHES i ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
11 Market: 200 rooms: 25c to 91 6U per night:
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable:
lree bun ant baggage to and from the fern-. '
SITUATIONS WAMED-MAUS,
CR. HANSEN «fc CO^ 110 GEARY ST..' FUR-
. nlsh haymakers. , threshing crews, ■, harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men, min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews,- quarry and rock
men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, - hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mall us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. 3148 Sutter: tel Gram, 30.
pUINESK AM) JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V- office.; best help. 414% O'Farrell: M. K. 428.
HINESE --AND.- JAPANESE. RELIABLE
/help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY 4CO.. 640 Clay.
BARBERS-GOOD BARBER WANTS WORK
XJ for 910 per week; city or country. Address
Barber, box 85, Call Office.
V o| DANE" WANTS POSITION; UNDER-
X stands taking care of horses, cows and garden.
Address Dane, box 146. Call office.
S~ TEADY STRONG GERMAN BOY, 17, WISH-
£v, e 2..* Ny kind of work: Is good driver.. Apply
314 Eighth SU
/^HINKSE WANTS PLACE: FIRST-CLASS
v^ rook, houseworker and washer; in family; city
or country. . WANG HOON, 776 Clay st.
STEADY BOY OF 17 WOULD LIKE TO
learn the machinist trade. Apply 1826 PowelL
BUTLER WITH GOOD REFERENCES (ENG-
ilsh); city or country. E. L.. box 41, Call. :
NGI.NKKRS— POSITION WANTED BY COM-
XJ petent man in any part of the State: can fur-
nish references. Address LOUIS B. GORDON, 17
Van Ness avenue.
OSITION AS SALESMAN, EITHER LOCAL
or traveling; thoroughly acquainted ' "with
stoves, hardware, cutlery and connecting line:
also furniture: good reference. Address W., box
74, Call Office. .-.
pARFENTBR»-THOROUGHLY ACQUAINT-
VJ el with all its branches. Address A. R., box
87, Call Ofllce.
C MOM PETENT HOUSE PAINTER .'WITH
VJ tools wants work by the day or piece work for
private parties; city or country. Painter, 23
Pleasant st. '
STEADY MAN. AND WIFE, - WANT POSI-
-0 tton to take care of ranch; good references.
Address E. W., box 6, Call Office, Oakland.
MA RRIKi), SOBER, INDUSTRIOUS
painter would like steady place in shop or ho-
tel; worked 5 years in last place: capable of run-
ning and rigging all kinds of scaffold work: wages
965. Address B. J., Painter, 261K Mission St..
HANDY JAPANESE GARDENER. WANTS
L a situation to take care of horses and cows;
understands all kinds Of work: 2 years in last
place. Call or address HARRY SUZUKAWA,
113 Church su .'..'-
N ELDERLY BUI STILL VIGOROUS MAN
with best recommendation would like any
kind ot employment: would be satisfied with small
wages. Address T., box 40. Call Otlice.
JAPAN KSE SCHOOLBOY WANTS SITUA-
tIon; speaks English. GEORGE, 22 Prospect pi.
AS 'NURSE, COMPANION : OR VALET TO
Invalid gentleman;- understands . massage
treatment; well recommended: would like to
travel. Address B. L.. box 75. Call Office.
YOUNG MAN, GERMAN, WHO HAS BEEN
X working in delicacies and grocery- business
wants a position. Address A. LUKRANPA, 2162
Alami-da aye., Alameda. '
VMRST-CLASS GARDENER, EXPERIENCED
X; carpenter and plumber, best of references,
wants situation. Address A. 8., California Hotel,
San Rafael. CaL /
AN AND WIFE (FRENCH) WANT SlTU A-
lions on private place: city or country: man
good zardener, wile good cook and housekeeper.
Address J. LOZAHIC, 1316 O'FarreU su — •
pAVALRY AND INFANTRY DRILLMaS-
' \J tar wants position as drill-instructor; will also
fill any other position; best of references. * Call or
address 121 Fulton su
\ V ANTED — POSITION AS VALKT OK
11 nurse; best of references. Address VALET,
box 99. Call Office. '. .:•
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per ' night: ■ $1 60 : to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. r •
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
»» Market— Electric ■ lights in . every room; 200
rooms: -5o to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
1! -I.U.K HI IP .wanted. '
I^i^F^tl-noorapheFand^teleg-
rapher, $40 and increase; 2 Protestant second
girl*, 920; governess, $25; • pantry girl, 920; girl
for cooking and housework, across the bay, $20.
see lady here a. 10 to-day: 4 cooks In American
and German families, $25, $30, $35; laundress,
$-'6; French nurse, * $20; ranch cook, $20, and
girls for cooking and housework In city and conn-
try. J. F. CROSETT <fc CO., 312 Suiter St. 1
WOMAN WITH A CHILD, $16. miss CUL-
LEN, 323 Sutler.
1/UIKNCH~SECOND GIRL, 925: FRENCH
J nurse, $25. MISS CULLKN, 323 Butter st. -
MAN AND WIFE, $40 PER MONTH. ' MISS
__CULLEN. 823 Sutter sU
p ERMAN GOVERNESS. $25. MISS CUL-
VJ LEX, 323 Sutter st. ■'...••
WAITRESS.PRIVATE FAMILY, $25: CHAM-
-11 bermaid, wait one meal, $-'0; housework, Oak-
land $-jo;, Wheailand. $20; San Jose, $25, and
other towns; 16 housework girls, city and cnuntry
920 and 9-5: 6 young girls assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLfcN.323Sutter.SU ■■.-.-■ ■■ . . -,
fpWO WAITRKSSKS. SAME COUNTRY
1 hotel, 920; ' waitress springs, $20; waitress,
hotel, south. $20 and' fare; waitress, hotel,' north,
>-'<>: chambermaid and waitress, resorts,". 920;
city, $20. C. H. HANSEX A CO., 110 Geary Bt.
2 NEAT SECOND GIRLS, CITY, $15; DAN-
lsh girl, housework. Oakland, $20: girl for
housework; Berkeley; $17 60; girl for housework.
San Rafael, see lady - here, $16: ■ young 1 nuraegirls
and light housework. $10, $12 and $15. C. R.
HANBKN A CO., 110 Geary aU V
2 GERMAN COOKS, PRIVATE FAMILY,
<-i city, $25: cook, boarding-house, city, $25. C.
R. HAXSEN & CO.. 110 Geary sU
ANTED— GERMAN COOKS, $35 AND $25";
11 cook on a ranch, $20: 2 chambermaids, hotel,
916; • French nurse, 925: French waitress .and
chambermaid, *25: girls for housework and assisUT
$25, $20. 915 and $10: French girl, housework, 2
In family, $16. , LEON ANDRE. 315 Stockton st.
C CHAMBERMAID ASSIST IN WAITING,
) first-class country hotel, $20: waitress, steady,
country -■ hotel, 920; ranch ■ cooks," $20 - and $25;
girls lor housework and cooking, » country, cham-
bermaid and others. MURRAY & READY, Lead- '
ing Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay su
\TEAT' HOUSEGIRL, OAKLAND, $30, -SEE
-1-1 lady here; cook, city, 930: Swedish houseglrl,
no wash. $20; housegirl, $26; second girl, 920; 8
houseglrls, $15 to $20. Apply 315 butter su
WANTED— OF COOKS, CHAM-
-11 be aids and girls "for housework; city and
country. MRS. HIRD, 721 Kills sU ■
COOK. FOR SMALL RESORT, $85; - HEAD
waitress, city hotel, $25. HOTEL GAZETTE,
420 Kearny sU . '■'■.'.-.
\\ IDDLE-AGKD GERMAN WOMAN WANT-
11X ed for 2 weeks for general housework. :, Apply
net. 6 a d 7 p. m , 5 Hattle St., bet. 17th and lath.
G^ OOD GIRL FOR COOKING and general
f housework. Apply beu 9 and 11 a. m. Mon-
day at 2409 Washington 81. .-■■■--- - ,-.- v _ ■
V OUNG GIKL^FoinroUSEWORK; ; 2 IN
X family; . wages $8. 971 ' Church su, near
Twenty-second.- . ~ ; , / /:
/ ' IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND
I>J couklng; small family; wages $15. 1416 Val-
lejo su ; . . :' ■:,-•■ - ■ :■ . «•..>.. .' ■" ' '.:- ;•
GIRL TO ASSIST GENERAL HOUSEWORK:
■ bleep home; %'£ 50 week. 1914 Leavenworth.
\y ANTED— YOONO. GIRL IO ASSIST IN
1 ' light housework. Apply 1456 O'Farrell ut. .. .
\\[ ANTED— GIHL - TO~A»SIST IN r COOKING
il. and light housework/.; 1217 Webster sfc
P.IKL GEN KRAL HOUSEWORK: SMALL
family ; . no children. ■ 416 McAllister st.
YOUNG GIRL FOR PLAIN COOKING AND
X general housework. ■; 2211 Suiter sU ,
GE RMAN • GIRL FOR * GENERAL HOUSE.
r work and cooking. . 1316 Kills st.
VOVNG GERMAN GIRL FOX HOUSEWORK;
-»- 910. 2809 Twenty-third au -- .
YOUNG j GIRL ' FOR GENERAL ' -. HOUSE-
■*■ work; good cook. n 11V» sooth Park.
If I RST-CLA SB .: FIN KR WANTED ON
X gentlemen's coats. «834 Howard su
IVY A N T ED-NIiAT~GIRL TO ASSIST LIGHT
- .11 housework and lfarn trade. « all 707 Brannan.
VEAT GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSKWORK;
._ _ ? famU no children. ? 1122 a Turk st. .' .;
GER~MANf OR~SCA~NDINAVIAN GIRL FOR
VJ housework; $15. 1803 Devlsadero, cor. Bush.
PIRL TO ASSIST WITH HOUSKWOKK. 258
XX Clinton Park, bet. Guerrero and Market its. - ■■
___' HELP WASTKD-Cnntlnnml. V
: W ANTED— A" LADY OVER 25, :IN EVERY
■:.» » town and city on : the Pacific Coast, to 1 'fill ; a
position of trust no canvassing or peddling. For
particulars > address •■ with ; stamp, , Golden State
Medicine Co.. 644 a Aurora St.. Stockton, CaL
W ANTED— WOMEN AND GIRLS TO WORK
»» onfrulu Apply immediately, CALlFOßNlA
Canneries CO., : Brannan su, between Third
and Fourth.
ANTED— A YOUNG~GIRt, FOR LIGHT
■■»'.. housework, i Apply at 32^ Rausch sU
GIRL FOR ■• LIGHT HOUSEWORK: = SLEEP
home; references.: 1011 Buchanan st.
GIRL FOR COOKING AND HOUSEWORK;
1 , small family; wages $16. 2416 FUlmore su ■-
GI«L FOR HOUSEWORK AND PLAIN
cooking. 435 Eddy su .
THIRST-CLASS FINISHKR ON. VESTS. 427
X J^atomaBt. - •■■ . «-><■- ■ --
EXPERIENCED WAITRESS FOR RESTAU-
rant. . 717% Howard sU. near Third. ,
\IT ANTE D — PUPILS *OR MILLINERY
"school: class now forming for fall work; prac-
tical; reasonable. 410 Leavenworth su
APPRENTICE WANTED. MISS GILLIGAN,
dressmaker, 116 Kearny st. ■ ■ •. -
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 174
Lexington aye.' * '•
ESPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
for light housework; small wages. 1204 Folsom
sU. upstairs. .
AIR-DHESSING; MANICURING LESSONS
given Mlaa DOYLE. 119 a Powell sU, 105 9th.
AIRDRESSING, MANICURING. BEAUTY
XJL culture lessons; free to agenda. MRS. BUT-
LER, 13l Post st.
T EARN CUTTING. FITTING AND FINISH-
vTi ng: .f Ira1 r a week: patterns cut to order, 25c up-
McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market su
T ADIES— FREE! FREE: ; LESSONS EVERY
Xj Tues.,2to3: dresscnttlng. 14 McAllister. 67.
AIRDRKSSING. 250 AND 36c: MORNING
and eve classes: 101easons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RKSPECTABLK
.£. \V inchester House. 44 Third su, near Market:
200 rooms; - 25c to $1 60 per night; 91 50 to $8
p^r_wyk: <r^.- 'fnx and haggage 10 and from ferry.
MALii HEIP WANTED.
T\r ANTED— BLACKSMITH - for MINE;
»» ranch blacksmith; 15 Italian laborers for
mine, $1 day and board; tunnel men, $1 60 day
aud board; old man to care for place; cook and
wife, 960: hotel cook, $40: and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacramento st.
HAD COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL, $100; SEC-
ond cook, 960: cook, springs, good baker, $10;
cook, Institution, $85: cook, $40: dishwasher. ;25:
pot washer. $20: 3 vegetable men and do pantry
work, springs, 920; porter ana wait on table, Dr.-
vate hotel, city, $16. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary st. .
e« W A ITERB FOR COUNTRY. HOTEL, $30: 3
' waiters same resort, $30; pantryman and clean
vegetables for springs, $20. C. R. HANSEN A
CO..'lloGeary sU
• 1 A WAITERS, RESORT, SPRINGS, SEASIDE
XXJ and country hotels, 930: bellboy with refer-
nces, country hotel. CR. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary su . .
IV" ANTED— IOO STATION MEN AND
11 right of way clearers for railroad work: north ;
$1 50 a day: 60 laborers, 91 60. C. R. HANSEN
A CO.. lIP Geary su
ELLBOY WITH FIRST-CLASS REFKR-
euces for country hotel; $15. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 1 110 Geary su
on rallß'iad LABORERS" to go north.
*J\J C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary sU
Q FARMERS SAME RANCH; $25; CALL
0 early. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary su
\\ ANTED— ASSAYKR AND AMALUAM-
-»»;ator for gold mine; see proprietor. ■ 9 a. K. to-
day. at C. R. H A SEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
RANCH CARPENTERS, LONG JOB, $1 60 A
day and board; camp cook near city, £30; ranch
cook, $15; boarding-bouse .waiter. $25; Danish
teamster, $30; farmer and wife, -9. -10; machine
miner, $3 a day. R. T. WARD <fc CO., 608-610
Clay sU
QQ MEN CAN OBTAIN .WORK FROM 915
1 1 • ) 985 per month and found ; 5 cooks, $60, 940,
935; 3 second cooks, $20 and 830; 3 dishwashers,
$15 and $20; '3 waiters, 925 to $30; 2 ranch
cooks; German or Scandinavian porter and tend
bar. MURRAY. A RKADY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay su
ACK SEWER Foil A .HARVESTER, $1 50
a day and. found; 3 farmers, same ranch, 91
fare. $26 a month; 3 farmers, $20; milker, 930; 4
milkers, same dairy, $20 eacn »nd found, steady
job year round: farmer and cook for 3 men, 920;
machine blacksmith, $3 a day; . 2 woodchoppers,
$1 a cord, and other positions too numerous to
advertise. MURRAY A READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay «v
WANTED- CHOP-HOUSE COOK. 936; REv
' ' tan rant cook, $12 a week; waiter,' $7 a week;
waiter, plain restaurant. $5 n week -. German gar-
dener, $30; etc LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton sU
WANTED— BOY TO LEARN TAILORING.
II 916 Market sU, room 82. - -
ANTED— CLERK FOR GROCERY AND
bar. Apply 901 Post su
ARBER WANTED: STEADY PLACE. 1604
. Laguna su, cor. Posu
W ANTED— A OOOD, CLEAN DISHWASHER.
11 1807 Halght BU . .•.■■-..- ■■-•;.:
YOUNG WAITER WANTED; SOME EXPER-
X lence. . . Restaurant. -'02 Townsend, near Third.
RST-CLA SS ' COOK AND FIRST-CLASS
X waiter wanted. 15 Stockton st.
Waiter WANTED. 407 mason i\T. ■, call
"at 7 a. ic. .'■■•. ' : ■ : : : ■ ■■.■ ■:■-;
ISH WASHER . WANTED. 1805 HAIGHT
XJ street. , . - .....
TJ ARBER-SHOP : FOR . SALE; WHOLE OR
X> half; long lease: rare chance. 131 O'Farrell ■■.
HOE SALESMAN WANTED— WE WoULD
like to place about twenty-five of our samples
of up-to-date Oxford ties in the | hands of some
salesman who carries \ only men's, boys' ■ and
youths' or ' some non-competing line; will par a
good, round commission. . For further particulars
address Neenah Boot and Shoe Manufacturing
Company, Neenah, Wls. - .?SKBBSHBtIBaiiMMIMHBMS
LAST WEEK OF CLEARANCE SALE 'OF
-i boots and shoes; will be sold at any price. 638
Market su, opposite Palace Hotel.
GGNERAL BLACKSMITH; COUNTRY SHOP;
VT $2 and board- 609 Kearny st., room 8.
W' ANTED— GENTLKMEN TO TAKE SUNNY
famished rooms: $1 up. 217 Second sU
LARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
on hand; shoes to order, #3 SO; band-sewea
shoes, 95. 726^ Howard su, bet. Third and Fourth
W ANTED-MEN. FOR CLEAN BEDS: 26c
11 eight: $1 weak. Rosedale, 321 Ellis st.
ESI PLACE IN THK CITY FOR SECOND-
band shoes, 749 Mission sU, opp. Grand Opera-"
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and. s3: ladies', gents and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. ' .
W ANTED— GOOD CHANCE FOR HUSBAND
.*.!! end wife who ; understand farm work, vine-
yards, . horses, etc.; good- wages: state expe-
rlence. Address WALTER MKTZ.Napa, Cal. -
W~ ANTED— IOOO MEN, EVERY DAY, AT 207
: J-'onrth st.,- the biggest and best shop in the
city: 5c shaving, 10c haircutting. P
W AN J E I>-FOR THE '« UNITED . STATES
11, Marine Corps, U. 8. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years-
not -ess th«n . 6 feet , 5 inches in height; of cood
character and temperate habits; able to read
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions 10 * become citizens win he
accepted: this Important ' branch of the naval
n*Tvlc» offers special Inducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recruiting Office. 20 Ellis BU. San Francisco. Cal.
T^EW WALDO HOUSE. -765 MISSION. BET.
TiL. * n £ 4th-Slngle tarnished rooms, night 15c to
Soc;week $1 to 92 50;readlng-room;strictestatten-
tlon to morning calls; clean; quiet: open all nighu
S*£JW* ROOMS i'ROM~STtO 93 PER WEEK.
0 The New Grand, 243 Third sU •
\V J CHESTER HOUSK, 44 THIRD «T., NEAR
«« m V J 00 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
L O liVI i V ?^ TO 16 C PER NIGHT; CLEAN.
XJ Continental House, 521 Paclfl;-. below Kearny.
W ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
''some simpla thing to patent?.* Protect your
w^n : nv5 y n m S 7 «^ r i. a^ ou weal Hi. Write JOHN
WEDDfcRBURN & , f-6- Depu . L, I«atent Attor-
Wa . B ?,i2f D - c - tt>r their »1800 prire offer
and lla: of 200 inventions wanted. .. -
Air E HA VK A LOT. OF DAMAGED . SHOES
» » selling at less than one-fourth their value; cast
on shoes bought or exchanged. 66a Mission sU , ,
TRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
•«■ low Sixth, for a room; 26c a night: $1 a week.
J INDELL HOUSE. ; SIXTH : AND HOWARD
J-^ sis.; single furnished rms ,76c week. 160 nighu
"R : Sj-REMOVKD . FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
-—i. Ciay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, 6c.
100 ME *^ To t ake LODGING at 100, isc
coV«r ■?? 30 ° * nl « nt ' Including co2e» aud rolls, i
£24 Washington «v, near Kearny. . •
T3EST IN CITY--SING. E ROOMS, 15. 80 AND
v ?« nis veT nl * ht - 9i. 91 25. $1 60 per week.
Pacific House,' Commercial and , LeldesdorS sts.
W AilK SHOli DOCTOR--*; .WE , REPAIR
■1 1 1 ' yopr old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
fl. o^ 11 * 1 the usa>l Price: done whUe you waiu
662 Mission su; between First and Second sts. - -
OOMS 150 TO 750 PKR NIGHT: 60c TO *1 60
XV per week. Oriental. 225 Dromm st. . .I
• W AN _TKD— IjABORERS * AND ( MKCHANICB
*» < know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still i runs « Denver * Hours, 217 Third su; 160
largo rooms: 260 per nigh.: $1 to $3 per week. : ..-
W ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUX LABOR
11 eni«fcclerk«. KNOX Collection Agcy. 110 Sutter
LCHO HOUSK, 863 Vii MARKET ST.-
Rooms 20c., 36c. to 60c. night; : $1 to $5 weak.
II EJ« 'IXJ FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD:
i.*l all grocers keep lv ■ . :.-. -; - .
WANTED-SINULK BOOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
I T-«ek; I rooms tor two, 250 a «ay, $1 60 a week;
1 reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay sU -. :
\\r ANTED - MEN TO  LEARN ■ BARBER
v 1 11 trade; only 8 weeks required: 1 tools given and
catalogue seat. • 8. i\ Barber School, 1516 Howard,
HELP ; WAfr 'I'isD— Continued. _.
TOURN EYMEN BARBERS' f NTKRNATION-
t) al Union No. 27 Employm' Bureau. 102 7th st.
AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
. P. C. Barbers' Assn. 8. FUCHs. 325 l?*ant aye.
DARBKKS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X> ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
IjAKBEUS 1 ASSOCIATION Oi'l'A i. KMPLOY-
AOii-NXi '.'.WANTjSO.-
V GENTS— "BtRYAN. WALL AND aFB.EE
JX Silver," covers the campaign ground; >, Bryan,
a prodigy, will inspire more enthusiasm than all
the other candidates. F. PERSON, manager, sub-
scription department, the WHITAKER A RAY
CO., 723 Market, su
* GENTS— HOUSEHOLDARTICLE YOU CAN
«f>. sell : • makes ■ money. :, Department A, Detroit
Paper-bag Company.' Detroit, Mich.' - ' ■■•■■.■-
-:: . HOUSES WANTED.
pOUPLE. NO CHILDREN, W ANTS 3 OR 4
\J room flat; 912. F. P.. box 132, Call Ofllce.
ANTED-BY GOOD TENANT, HOUSE OR
** flat 6 rooms: good condition; bet. Market
and Pine sts., from Taylor toward town: rent rea-
sonable. : Please address MRS. R., 3J7 Twenty-
elirhth st. ■■ ■ '■■ ■--.-■■-. :
KOOJIS WANTED. r ,
TMTANTED-a OR S FURNISHED ROOMS
•T. for housekeeping; 91 to $14; central loca-
tion. D. , box 132, -.his office. .
OY. 17, WANTS ROOM AND BOARD IN
vicinity of Lincoln School. X., box 91, this
office. • : . ■ . . .■ ■ ■ .■ . ■ ■
pENTLEMAN- WANTS FURNISHED ROOM.
VT in Spanish fHm(i>-. Address S. F.. box 95, Call.
; WANTKU-aUSOJSIiriANJSOUS.:
econ^~halSi) ""^ko^a^sT^camer a?
lenses, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery
ELL YOUR i BOOK*. CLOi'MINU AND JKW
elrv to A. KLEI.N. 109 .Sixth <l : s»n:i postal.
'_^ ' L _ i;dijc'ationai.. ;
USICIAN FROM LONDoSTgI V^s"IESSONS
in singing; 94 a month. 854 Mission sU : ■
SIERRA INS ' ITUTE. AUBURN. CAL. i
Select boarding-school for young ladles; cli-
mate unsurpassed.' Full corps of special teachers.
Limited to thirty boarders.' Prepares for univer-
sity, teaching or lor life. First term begins Au-
gust 19. Send for prospectus. W. H. DE BELL.
A. M., Principal.
TIEHL'S . COLLEGE, 728 MARKET ST.,
offers unsurpassed advantages and Induce-
ments in . shorthand, bookkeeping, penmanship,
typewriting. English ' branches, languages, etc:
expenses loss than at any other college. LKON
and LULA STIEHL, proprietors.
YRES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
'lege. 325 Montgomery sU; Individual Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, -■ bookkeeping, etc: Ufa
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
. ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
>-> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
O chanical engineering, surveying, architectnre-
-ssay: estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt,
LOCUTION, DUAMA. DELSARTE, PHYSI-
t cal culture, > voice culture; appearances ar-
ranged. 299 Hyde st. ; call after 1 p. v.
VOICE CULTURE, ELOCUTION AND DEL-
sarte taught thoroughly; 25c a lesson. 749
Folsom st. :
lANO LESSONS: PUPIL OF THE LEIPBIC-
Conservatory: mid.tarma.J.r.ANGE,llo Hyde.
■\tegative RETOUCHING taught, miss
X> L. FUERSTNOW. 131 Post St.. fifth floor.
lANO LKSBONS. 50c HOUR. MR. WATTS.
218 Golden Gate aye. ,
EOINNERS 25c LESSON; GUITAR, PIANO,
iJ banjo. MRS. LUTHER. 1241 Market st.
URBAN SCHOOL AT 2124 CALIFORNIA ST.;
opens July 27, 1896. N. W. MOORE, Prln.
A LMA K. HYER, PIANO, MANDOLIN, BAN-
-\. Jo studio. 406 Geary, R. 17: hours Btolo p. if.
BOOKKPNG, WRUNG, ABITHM GRAMR
day & night; noclasses: 95 month. 845 Mission
pUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ lessons: $3 ma MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
11 OWEN'S ACADEMY. UNIVERSITY AYE.,
X-> Berkeley: special classes for the universities.
ROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD. TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 MarkeU
JOSEPH UKKVKN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 83
Ninth su : . ;
MI'SICAL I>srKI>MJSSXs.
LEW WONDERFUL BARGAINS IN USED
r pianos: .Stelnway upright, Hardman, Chase
Bros, and others : uprights, $75, $120 and up ;
new fine uprights on your own terms and at very
low prices. The J. DEWING CO., second floor
Flood building. Fourth and Market sts.
ALMOST NEW. STEIN WAY UPRIGHT;
rt party forced to sell Immediately. Room 10,
809 Market st. .
O UPRIGHTS, 9100: SQUARE,. 975; NEW
•-> pianos, $175: all musical goods cheap. MAC-
VAIS, 769 Market su
ANOTHER SPECIAL INDUCEMENT FOR
-cl. purchasing from Sherman, Clay A Ca; ele-
gant new upright pianos, together with fine stool
and handsome cover, sold for $6 per month: only
96 cash payment required; every Instrument
cnaranteed. SHERMAN. CLAY A CO., cor.
Kearnv and Suiter sts.. Pacific Coast representa-
tives of Steinway A Sons' pianos.
C CLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINK OP
J small goods at ; prices - less . than goods cost
landed In New York; just the chance to buy a fine
Instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay: violins. 91 36; mandolins, $3 35; guitars, $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, fiutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HA V SCOTT, 929
Market St., Spreckels building. <
(_ ] f\(\ FINE HAINES PIANO. SCHMITZ.
«3pXUU. 16 McAllister su, next Hibernia Bank.
illiam G. badger, sole AGENT for
the celebrated Hallet A Davis and Francis Ba-
con pianos, 406 Sacramento su ' .
PIANOS— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
X stock on the Pacific coasU THE F. W. SPEN-
Chit CO.. 933 Market st. . . i
I>EFOKE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
X> & Gerts' and Knabe •- pianos; at wholesale
prices.- A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post sU
pHICKEHING, KNABK. BTKCK. VOBE. BTER-
\J ling pianos; see our new piano for $187; pianos
tor renu BKNJ. CURTAZ A SON, 16 O'FarrelL
<2» 1 A(\ ELEGANT UPRIGHT, QUITE NEW,
tjpX'XXt. for sale, $5 instil mts. 221 Leavenworth.
pLEARANCKSALE; NEW UPRIGHTS; $150
op; everything at cosU BRUENN, 228 Post
YKON:MAUSSY. 308 POST ST.— BOHME&
Newbr A Kvitw, Brlgcs Rnd other pianos.
QUPKRIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
O H. MPI.LER. maker. repairer. 2 I^thapn placa.
• 11KW1OAL.
.BLESSING TO LADIES I ' SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases . peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved I method of ■ treatment:
never fails; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers . helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; ' home -in confipemenu DR. A MRS.
DA VIES, 14 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pills 92;
hours from 9a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m. , :
LX CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RK-
stored in a few hours; tafe and sura relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home In confinement; regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladle*, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere: you will save Urns
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYJSTH, 916 Post st., near Larkin.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all • female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day;,
cmi be sent and used at home; nil cases guaranteed :
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
mss'g physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny su
1?OR MEN-GREEN'S GUARANTEED CURE;
-T greatest nerve treatment known; positive cure
for weakness of any kind; cure guaranteed or
money returned; trial free. Agent, F. S. KELLY,
102 Kddy su, a. F.
RS. GOODWIN, DISEASES WOMEN SPE-
, clalty: unexcelled in restoring Irregularity or
other conditions; home in confinement; ot-st care:
low fees; pills $2. Moved to 904 McAllister st •
A LPKAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
J\. ladles troubled with Irregularities: ' no danger:
cafe and sure; . 92 50 express C O. D. don't delay
until too late. OSUOOD BROS.. Oakland. CaL ..
RS. DR. WEGKNKR TAKES LADIES BK-"
fore and daring confinement: Infants adopted
into ■ good - homes; .- treats all female, complaints or
Irregularities successfully. . 419 Eddy st. • r - -•..'
SX7RECURE FOR ALL fkmale DISBiASES,"
from whatever. cause : a home in confinement
with every comfort; ' satisfaction guaranteed, by :
MRS. DR. GWYKR. 226 Turk su
<5S P\On FOR EVERY FAILURE -TO CURE'
«JP<JV/V/ eye diseases - successfully treated. • La-
ales, consult free MRS. DR. SCOTT, Specialist •
216 Powell st. •
<ft 'SOO PAID FOR 'A ' CASE l AIL TO
irpOW cure of female trouble or disease of the
eye. MR& DR. SCOTT, 216 Powell su n T
MRS. M. E.RODGERS. PRIVATE HOME IN
liX confinement; terms reduced. 929 Howard su
VI R^. J. A. ACIiARO, MIDWIFK-HoMK IN
ITX confinement; 25 yrs' experience. 555 Mission.
IF IRRICGULAR OK ANY FK M \LE n 1 a sir. 1
see MRS. DR. PUETZ and becontedu 264 4 4t£
PRIVATE HOMK IN CONFINEMENT MRsT
X DR. FUNCKfc, 1416 Eighth >v. Alameda. ? T7^
r\R HALL. 14 MCAIXISIKR sTRKKT. KKAB
X/.Jone» wn.eai^nf we men -rt rhlldran .:
- PK.'IfaSSIONAI. ;.CAKDj.
F?o AN .?^^?'^TTOHNE V- AT-LA W. EOOM
X 421. fourth floor, Parrott building (Emporium):
W ILLS DEEDS. ETC. L.SONTAG ATT'Y
» and Notary, 116 Market; re a ., 2126 koward.
J o ..^ i i"iK AJIUs . 1A W OFFICES. ROOMS
75,^n a F?an 2 c 7^o ro c k au r ndlPB; »*>■»— "*■■
JOHN IU AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHER.'
O attys at law, rms 51&.516. floor. Parrottbldg:
■ ,' ; / ; TYPEWRIXEEB. '
REMINGTON, 935; SMlfH>"s6<); HKND FOR
, SMaple work. SSCOTT A BAi(N Aif,333ilntgmj
PKRSONAU.
TVfnftMtTHlV WAN J ED OF WILLIAM AND
I Vh^aVmURPH Y. natives of WuntyWex-
Ireland : a s ed 30 and 36. Address J. F. AN-
DERSON, 1209 Florida sU -'.:■ '
*LL CUKNTS, . ETC.. ARE HEREBY
A notified of my return from my vacation ; th«
courts are open, for divorce, probate and other
suits: wills, deeds, etc., prepared; respectfully so-
licit continuance of pas* favor.*: advice free; .no
charge unless successful. G. W. HOWE, attorney-
at-law, 850 Market aU," corner Stockton.
InOR PARTIES, FOR DANCES AND BALLS,
1 for theaters, coiffures of all kinds for only 25c,
done by the best artists In the city, at O. L^ -«:
ERS', 111 Stockton St.; "Qulnonla," it cures all
scalp troubles. . ' ' ' - '
EN'S ELECTRIC SANITARIUM,
rooms 53 Maze bullding-Now and scientific
methods for promoting heal :h. beauty. Con, free.
— KIVATE. CONFIDENTIAL MARRIAGE
bureau. For details address Reliable, box 15,
Call Office. .
SUMPTION TREATED BY A NEW
0 method. DR. AMERICAN, 36% Geary st.;
hours, 12 to 2:30. .: ,
T ADY, STRANGER IN THE CITY. DESIRES
Jbusiness partner;small capital. 122 PostsU.,r.2
OARTINGTON'S SCHOOL' OF. MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
Classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partington, c;er:rude
Partlngton. R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
ATCH A JEWELRY REPAIRING. STONE
engraving, monozrams.crests: low prices; work
guaranteed. „ J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary su
RS. DR. PORTER. CHIROPODIST AND FA-
cial artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purest toilet articles. 126 Kearny sU, room 47. •
RS. SADIE EVANS' COSMETIC PARLORS,
865 Vi Market St.. room 12.
IG OUTDOOR STKREOPTIUON SHOW KVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. : artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of basl-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market sU
ATTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. ; also
dress goods, cloaks. Jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
cmiJVs. 218-215 Mason st. : open evenings.
LECTBIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Hi Winchester House, 44 Third su, near Market:
200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Taloring Company,lll7 Market sU.bet 7th and Bth.
■PAZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY: FINE
edge put on razor,2sc Razor Exchge,63oMarket
PLOAKS. CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
,\J manufrs' cosU Factory, 20 sansome, upstairs.
T IBERAL ADVANCKr* ON DIAMONDS, JKW-
XJ elry, eta ; lowes: rates. 94H Market sU ■ - -:"
BTROZYNSKI. LEADING LADIES' HAIB-
• dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
U) GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES*
clothing bought. COL MAN. 41 'id. cor. Je*ala.
DRUSSMAKEKS.
DRESSES $2 UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
XJ lawn 91 up. 5053,4 Nafoma sU. above Sixth.
CLAIKVOIANTS.
UCCESS ABSOLUTELY GUAR A NTEE D."
Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M. L. CAR-
NELLE, the prince of clairvoyants, will give ad-
vice on business speculations, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorces; settles lovers'
quarrels,, reunites the - separated and causes a
happy marriage with the one of your choice: he
locates mines and bidden treasures, tells of your
friends and enemies, removes evil influences,
cures bad habits, gives advice on lawsuits and
everything relating to the future; thousands of
families long separated reunited by his efforts;
thousands of hearts made glad through his predic-
tions; send stamp for circular. 220 Kddy
Hours from 9 to 9 dally and Sundays.
MR STEWERT, SEVENTH DAUGHTER
of the seventh daughter, still astonishes the
city by producing exact likeness of your future
husband or wife: the greatest trance clairvoyant
and card-reader on the coast: test her powers ere
she sails for Europe; she guarantees to bring back
lost love; makes peace and happiness in the home.
Rooms 3 and 4, 917 Market at. Ladles and gents 500
p IT AN A THE GYPSY. v ■ ~
vjr This remarkable woman has Just, arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
In unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony:' she reunites the separated
«nd causes speedy and happy marriage with the
one of your choice; hours, 9toBp. m. 8 Turk su
ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY, UN-
precedented success In New York City, great-
est card reader on the coast, gives infallible love-
charms to all; hours 10 to 8. Rooms 44-45, 306
Stockton su ; elevator.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card- reader, born v.-lth a double veil and
second sight; ladles 60c, gents $1; palmistry and,
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk su, nr. Jones.
ETURNED, . \VORLI>RKNOWNED MM~Z"
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
Ml£. AKNDT, BKST FORTUNE TELLER IX
the world; 60c and $1, shows yon the plctureot
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor. Market
KRIVED— HANSON; READ HEAD
and palm; also cards; tells past, present, fu-
ture; price 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 5.(
AJMJfi. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
I>l past, present, future; 250 up. 764 Howard su
ME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice: names glven;2sc up. 5 Fourth.
YPSY MEDIUM RETURNED; SITTINGS
VJT dally; 25c up. 240 Sixth St., rooms 6 and 7.
MISS MEL VI NA.CLAIRVOYANT— PICTURE
of future husband arid wife. 766% Howard.
ISS M. JULANA ROl-bINS, MENTAL MAO-
netlc healer; teat medium. 850 Market, r. 30-31
ISS BEATRICE BLANCHE, CARD-READ^
er, late from Guatemala. 105 Larkin st., r. 2.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave; ladies, 25c; gents, 60c. 914 O'Farrell.
ME. LKGETTE — PRESENT, PAST AND
future; 25c. 311 Teharaa, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
RS. KNIGHT, 'CLAIRVOYANT, CARD
reader: fee 50c; ladies only. 714 Leavenworth.
EST CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH; FEB
25c 41 Minna st., near Second: basement.
SFIItITUAXISMr" "
A VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN 18
MBS. DR. A. D." HOWE. -
FEE $1 A UPWARD FEE $1 A UPWARD!
HOPE. HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL'
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eyeT Are yon in trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that lire Is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this coast in - the ten years past is
again at her old offices, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole lire revealed; success
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless- tn«
separated are united; the sick made strong • the
poor become rich; If you think your husband, wife
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power Is as far above those poor | mortals
who try to Imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. She does
not know what failure means!' Her "Revealed
Medicines" > (registered and copyrighted)' cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to. and no
matter of how long standing. Write If you can-
not call, for treatment Dy mail is always most suo*
cessful and satisfactory. .'• All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FEK $1 A UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1320 Market su, opp. Seventh.
-.....■. San Francisco.
RH. DR. MIRANDAS. THE CELEBRATED
spiritual medium, removed to 1728 Market st.
•VI BS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCh. AND BOHI-
■»! ness medium; sittings dally; 91. 186 Oak su
UISHOP GARRISON, 1870 MARKET: SEAN-
J * ces Tuesday, Friday even's, 25c; 10 to 4 dally.
M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE-
♦ writer. 118 Haight st ; hours 9 until 6P. m.
/. ASTROLOGY. "'
A STROLOOY AND MEDICINE i NATIVITIES
■*». or questions answered: Prof. Howard's vital
remedies restore health. 311 Hyde sU. 10 to 3. -.
liiOTlsTS.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIA^vTonTtsTmaR^
\J fcetsu. bet. Third and Fourth; gas specialists;
only reliable agent for painless extraction: artifi-
cial teeth from 95; fillings from $1; extracting 50
cents, with gas $1. aggtegJflMßßJ
TjURST-CLASS .DENTISTRY: .- FIRST-CLASB
x prices; first-class results; painless < extraction
of teeth. Telephone Main ' 5375. W. C. HAH-
DIS.C-'. CM.. M.D.. 600 Sutter su. corner Powell.^
I\R. LUDLUM HILW 1443 MARKET ai\.'
xj near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whe«
pla.es ara made; old plates made over like now;
wet* from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
T)R GEORGE W. LEEK, THK GENUINE
xj Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20()'FarrellsU
UULLSET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED'S
. ye ** s : Painless extraction, 60c up: painless fill-
ings, 50c up; crowns, $3 50 up. Chicago Dental
Parlors, 24 Sixth si. .........
T) K. L. T. < iIANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS." :
J-' crown • work. bridge : work' and teeth without
plates a specialty. - 103 Geary su, cor. Grant ays.
Q7A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED Ad
<U> i good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMM3L
dentist.. 930 Market st.. next Baldwin Theater^
pAINLESS EXTRACTION, 60c; CROWX
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 tip: 13 years'
experience. B. L. WALbH. D.D.S.. 815.^ Geary.
i ill. DUCKET r7~1703 PosT ST., NEAR BU"
*■' ct» anon: gas given; crown and bridge worn.
LL,, WORK REASONABLE AND , WAB>
ranted.; DR. X W. KEY. 1122 Market st
S^y^u^ o^^ TA r^^ u^.
CIOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAlS-
'ketfct.;- DR. CHARLES W. DKCKKR, .... .
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1208 MARKET, COR. GOLDEX
Gat» aye.— Open > evenings: Sundays tut noon.
■■■-' : .- ; .; . . XOLKASE. . ~~
rpo # -LEASE-90xl00: LARGE BUILDING:
J- suitable for manufacturing purposes- corner ■
Beventli and Bryant a ta. 411 Montgomery auBBMTIBW CHANCEV
IF YOU WANT TO~SKLL OR . MUY^A^BUSN I
nesg. LUBELSKI CHASE. 7 City Hall aye. ■
QOOC RESTAURANT: THE FINEST I
<ujO _.•.!. chance ever offered in San Francisco
for a restaurant business; the place Is actually ■
worth and will prove thai it coit $1600 -3 months ■
neo. and in" only reason for selling this elf g<n ■
place for such a small amount of money Is im-l
portant business: the place is actual y taking in ■
$18 to $23 per day, w th good lease and cheap ■
rent: you will never get a chance like this again; ■
see It at once- LUBELSKt & CHA3K, 7 City ■
Hall »ye. i • ■
HORSESHOEING BUSINESS: BKsT IN THE I
-LJ- city; full value in sicht; will Fell, trade or ■
take In partner; investigate this. LUBELSKI •_ ■
CHASE, 7 city Hal aye. ■
<£M \>~ BAKERY AT A BARGAIN : MUST^H
&*,— •'. sell at once. LUBKL-K1 <fc CHASE, ■
7 City HaU aye. ■
4 ( 1 0 FIRST-CLASS CIGAR-STOKE IX I
'.D IV i\.r. one of the best locations in city, doine^H
fine business: slock fresh ana first cUss: this is aH
rare bargain; will stand, full investigation. ■
LUBELSKI & CHASE, 7 City HaU aye. ■
OOF THL OLDEST ESTABLISHED I
steam laundries in the city: place 1 4 worth ■
*4000; horses, wagon and everything included;
(b : s place mast be sold: come and investigate. ■
LUBELSKI & CHA-K, 7 City Hall aye. ■
£♦ *)*)Z.i\ ESTABLISHED GROCERY and H
<?■ — — «JU. bar business: actual value of price ■
asked In stock and fixtures: good local and out- ■
Bide trade; must be sold, owner interested In other ■
business: investigate this place. LU.BELSKI &■
CHASE. 7 City HaU aye. ■
T F YOU WANT A BUSINESS* OF ANY KIND^H
A let ns show you &>me fin* places at bargains; call M^_\
at once. LrBELsKI CHASE. 7 City Hall aye. ■
Qt>~n BRANCH BAKERY. STATIONERY^!
(J/OuU. and candy store: 4 living-rooms; lowH
rent: doing business of (8 to flu per day ; samel
party 3 years. See BARRETT, lIS* Market *t.,H
at cigar-staud. .' •".?'. - H
Ol -fi FRUIT AND VEiiETABLE~sToR~K7,^H
*ji-V\J. best location: receipts average 915 &■
day; horse and wazon; low rent; living rooms. ■
See BARRETT. 1125 Market st. ■
CiOQA HOAR-STORE. STATIONERY AN ol
O — 'J\J . laundry office: No. 1 location: livin?H
rooms: low rent ; doing gool business. See BAK-H
RETT, 1125 Market at. ■- H
(9]i)r: BRANCH BAKERY, STATIONE~KY^H
O-l- «-»• and candy store:. north of Market st.;^H
low rent: doing fair business; UviDg- rooms. See^H
BARRETT. 1125 Market. . . .__ ._^M
HEAP — WOOD AND COAL~yTrd7~~MaI^B
chineryto cut wood: express business, etc.;H
clears $150 a month BARRETT, 1125 Market sU^H
QQ|l(| TEAMSTERS ATTENTION —ON kH
*£)(JVJ \J . of the st doable teams in the city, do-H
ing hauling for 2 larc* wholesale commission H
houses; a.so "J flrms«in Portland: will pay $175 per^H
month; this is a snap for the right man. UEO.H
STEWART. 602 Market St. _^M
*_> X A MANUFACTURING BUSINES»_aH
«^ . OiJU, good active business man wanted to^B
take hold of an article covered by patent: has^H
never been put on th- market: special indnce-^H
znents offered to the right party: don't fail to in-H
vestlgate this. GEQ. WART, 602 Market st.^B
o t(\(\ BAKERY: elegant PLACET^
tiP"±Uv/. thoroughly equipped in every respect :H
well estaollsbed and paying: selling on account of^H
old age: proprietor owns property: cheap rent;^H
living-rooms/barn, etc.; nice norse aodwa:on:H
investUation Invited; don't miss it. GEO. STEW-H
ART, 602 Market St. .__J^M
' C:1 7c FUFNISHEDitOOMLNG-HOUSEOFM
«L -L lv. 11 rooms; low rent: must sell at once ;^B
owner BOing to the country. WiLllt; & WULt'.H
631 California St. ■
qT^aa ROADHOUaE. CLOSE TO THeH
<Ji»JUU. city; paying; owner bought™
a dairy: offers only accepted for 3 days. WILK.EM
& WOLF, 631 California st. ■
Ql 1 f\Ci corner saloon O^ TRANS-H
O-L ivy, ler point, rent $50: 5 years' lease
average da'.iy receipts $18: rarest chance; oivnfM
keeps '.' places. WJLKii <S WuLFF, 531 Ca'itorula™
Q9n|>rt DRUG STORE IN WEST!- RN'H
O~'^c'VJ. Addition; 4 living-rooms: rent $45:H
established years: large patronaee: owner to re-^B
tire. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st. s ■
Ql Rflfl OLD ■ ESTABLISHED CuRNEIiH
tJIOUU. saloon on prominent street: longH
lease: Investigate this bargain. STEXBERG CO..H
832 Market. - ■
C:1 Ql\f\ PARTNER IN GOOD PAVINgH
OIOUU. saloon. STENBEKU CO., «32 Mar-H
ket st. _____H
Q»l 9- A ORNER STATIONERY, BOOICANdH
O-L —O. notion store, with splendid front; oppo-H
site prominent park and school; rent $12: invoice^!
goods: sickness. STENBERG CO.. 632 Market. M
C-Q7X CORNER FRUIT STORE; OLD
C*-tt). tablisned ; living rooms: receipts aver-H
age $12: ratlnng. S I ENBERG CO., 632 Market.
r-i t- f\ PARTNER WANTED IN FIRST-
C— O\J. class cash business: kept by present
owner 90 years; doing large trade and clearing
$200 per month: no nighfor Sunday work; no
previous experience required: full investigation.
Apply BUSINESS EXCHANGE, 777 Market St..
room 7. '
IGAR STORE, WHOLESALE DISTRICT.
will sell at invoice on account of departure; a
great bargain. JOHNSTON. 26ife Kearny at.
TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS:
new 6-story and basement brlrk. building, con-
taining £8 rooms; also ground-floor ; well-
llßb'.ed basement; centrally located, half block N
of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building; newly furnished throughout;
furniture for saie on reasonable terms. Forfur-H
tlier particulars apply to S. SILVtRBEKG, S2OH
bansome st., room 39 ' ■
HE DEL KOKTE HOTEL, CRESCENT CITY.I
X California— The beat equipped house in North-B
em California is now offered for sale, or can beH
leased on favorable terms; this house is the bes r
paying investment in Northern California, audH
. mast be disposed of on account of sic.i:esa. tor
terms and particulars apply or address E. TATEs,
proprietor. Crescent City. Cat.
OR SALE-HOVEL WITH GOOD BAR
trade and 30 steady boarders.: good opportu-
nity, with furniture, lease: *vill sold on account
of sickness. Apply for particulars from HARRY
FISHEER, prop ietor, Sonoma House, Point
Tlbnron. Marin county. Cal.
TO BUY OR SELL A BC>INAM QUICK &£.-)
1 DEMIKG & SH ARTS, 737 Market st. - •■'■<
SNAP— SMALL RESTAURANT WELL LO-
1 ■ cated; cheap rent: must be said. DEMING <&
SHARTS, 737 Market gt. m ■ • :
ATA BARGAIN. ON GEARY ST., IN A J|ICI3
' J"\. location, lodKlng-honse of 12 rooms, beanti-H
-tifully furnished, nearl ■ new, all f '11; a restaurant, ■
with 4 living- rooms, doing a good business: sold asH
a whole or separate. PHELPS * CO.. 817 Lurkin.H
ORNER CIGAR-STORE, BARGAIN. $200
\J frultstore, recelptn $5 day, $50; branch bakery, ■
living-rooms. $70: coffee saloon, near Marst-t st .■
$400: 1000 other bargains of every description.^
SKIFF & CO., 921 Market st. " ■
"TINE OPENING FOR ACTIVE DRY-GOODS
-T man in rapidly crowing neighborhood; cor.
Third aye. and Clement st., with 4 rooms: Sutro
cars pass door. D. DANGEKb. 101 California st.
rr^^TT FOR SALE TO CLOSE AN ESTATE—
• OO\J . Stationery, bakery and variety store at
■ 1010 Buchanan si.; rent of store, with 4 rooms and
bath, $20: apply after 2 o'clock. J. RE IMER. at-
torney-at-law, 509 Montgomery st.
"DUTCHERS, "~ ATTENTION— FINE LOCA-
X) t ion; new store with rooms; a thickly settled
neighborhood: nearest shop 8 blocks off. SW. cor.
Twenty-third aye. and Twenty-third st., East
Oakland. ; ■__
C!/f AH FOX SALE — SPLENDID OPi^)K-
(JTtUU. tnnlty; icecream parlor, candy,, sta-
tionery, cigar and tobacco store: good location.
For particulars address P. O. box 958, San Rafael.
CaL
GOOD OPPORTUNITY: SELLING OUT TO
dose estate; business eat. since I860: amount
needed $40,000: owner will remain if arrangement
can be made. Address F. D. , box 137. Call Office.
Qj 1 7-: RESTAURANT DOING FINE BUSI-
O L I c). ness: splendid location: cheap rent;
this place cost owner 400: don't miss this chance;
reason sickness. Apply Call Office. . •
\\ ANTED-CAFITAL TO EXTEND A BUSI-
' » ness already established and on the market;
» thorough Investigation Riven to a desirable party.
Address H. V., tox 55, this office.
l-INE CORNER SALOON, CHEAP; BIL-
X Hards and pool: belongs to owner; -i living-
rooms: fine stock and fixtures: owner going East;
rent * SO. 13.4 Mason st. ' ' - -.
T .. s«L..-»iiU; -ij-cilAXlt BAIBKR-SHOP,
X wita baths: thriving country town: 6000 popu-
lation: good trade: low rent. Addtess WM. &43,
San Rafael. Cat. ■ ■ .- - " "■ -• '.'>.
ADY WISHES PARTNER IN ESTAB-
IUh*d business; fall value in stock. Address
M. C box 82, Call Office. ■ ' :
C&"->AAA BAKERY. ICE-CREAM PARLOR
tJpOUUU, and candy factory: cocntry town of
3000; no competition. Add. J. M., Angels Camp.
VOX BALE— LIQUOR-STORE AND SALOON:
X fine stock and trade; present owner going In
wholesale business: will sell cheap. 236 East at.
fl&Q^. AVER AGE WEEKLY NET INCOME
>O«) with $2'>o inves ed: safe: conservative:
prospectus, proofs, free. F. DALY. 1293 Brdwy.NY
6~butcher"^if you want a good
ola established bu-iness for less than cost of
fixtures (most be sold) address box 33. Berkeley.
f.iOI EXPRESS BUSINESS FOR SALE,
.^IZO. 0:1 account of sickness; good stand;
clearing $80 mouth. Apply «05 Larkl£St : _ ___
*"* © lOH A CO BSER- FA M I IJQUOR-
tJ)JZUU. store. 6 rooms: long lease; . good
chance for two men. Apply at Call Office.
-ESTABLISHED LIQUOR NESS
for sale on account of death. Apply between
10 and 12 a. m. ,613 Montgomery st.
PARTNER WANTED. WITH SMALL CAPI-
-1 tal, for an enterprising traveling affair, good
profit guaranteed. P. H., box 41, Call.
i.AKtKY AT A BARGAIN; BAKES FROM 3
I > to 4 huls. of flour dally; full inspection allowed.
CentervUle, A lameda County. . ■
THE ONLY MODERN IMPROVED HOTEL
lof 80 rooms in Stockton for rent or lease. In-
qulre P. ROTHENi>USH.
ANTKD-PAKTNER IN WINE AND LI-
»» quor business: outside trade; cheaprent.
Call at 820 Valencia st. ' ___________
"XTiASTERN L.VOY DESIRES GENTLEMAN
J_i partner; small capital; good business. Room
I*. 995 Market st. • "*'■ :
aiO,,n SALOON FOE SALE: OR TAKE
OloUU.rtghtmanas partner. Address S., 435
Thirteenth sU . -. - " •• ■---..■---.■
GOOD ROUTE fok sale THIS PAPER. /
Apply T. P. RIORDAN. 63a Market, room a.
OOD CLEAN RESTAURANT FOB SALE.
It 91. Seventh St., llarket-su statioai Oakland.
_ BCSiyjESS CHANCES- .
V TTENTION, BUYER9.-COR. LIQUOR SA-
■i V 1 on among business booses: no night or Sun-
day work: selling less than price of fixtures; offer
wanted. Wood, coal, hay and feed business, 5
stalls, which pay rent of yard; full value $300.
Partner wanted in commission business; clears
$75 a month to each; and alt kinds of businesses
lor saie by HEAL & CO., 23 Kearny at.
\\f ANTED— PARTNER; MUST H AVE;$1000;
'* guarantee 810 per day; handle your own
money; no deposit required. W. F. WALLIN, 112
Taylor St. - . .
OR SALE — DOWNTOWN SALOON, FOR
cash or country property. Address H. 11., box
4. Call Office. - . .
TNTERIOR AGENCY OF CALL FOR SALE;
1 will pay 8150 per month; price $4000. Apply
this office. . . ,
YSTER-PARLORS AND CHOPHOUSE SB
\J Market; very cheap. 418 Post at. ; after 12.
C7^fl BRANCH BAKERY AND COFFEE
«]p t O\J. saloon: bar connected. Inquire C*W7
pORNER SALOON; PARTNER WANTED: ES-
\J tabllsbed business. PROLL, 719 Market St.
art.nek WANTED (GERMAN). $-5 CAPI-
J tal; by lady of means. 12 Mason, room 2.
\riOK SALOON " FOrt bALE: CHEAP; ON
■ll Keamy at.: so agents. 817Keatnyst.
OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER GROCERY;
bar. HILBERT BROS., 103 Powell St.
O A LOON: LONG LEASE: LOW RENT. AP-
-0 ply at Anchor Brewery. 1431 Pacific at
J^INE CORNER SALOON AND RESTAUR-
-- ant. ■ Corner of Fell and stanyan ats.
niff' FINE SALOON AND 6 ROOMS;
I «3>X 10. rent $18. 911 Folsom St.
1 THE CHANCE OF YOUR LIFE; BUSINESS
X tor sale. Box 20, Monterey, Cal.
T>LACKSMITH - SHOP; bELLS ACCOUNT
X) sickness. 107 Oregon st. - ■ ■
ARE CHANCE: HARNESS-SHOP FOR
sale. 2127 Mission st. ,
FOR SALE-CIGAR-STORE. APPLY 631
X> sickness. 107 Oregon st.
PARK CHANCET HARXESS-SHOP FOR
XV sale, 2127 Mission su
T?OR SALE^CIGAR-STORE. APPLY 631
r Kearny st. ■•
LODGING-HOUSES FOX SALE.
■^^Tr^n^O^TH^OUSEToNX V ~.\ .^T?350
f^OOXJ. 55-room corner nous?, only 180<
60-room hotel and bar to exchange 2001
9 rooms, only— yes— only --•
12 rooms, only $160 cash and payments 601
10 rooms, comer, only lj>Oj
14 rooms. $100 cash, balance payments. Ml
50 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 to $5000
Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market st. .
~T M. SPECK * CO., 602 MARKET STREET.
A . $250. Near Chronicle : 12 rooms.
$550. No inside rooms: 45 rooms.
$700. Post st.: worth $1600: 23 rooms.
$4000. Established, paring bouse; 124 rooms.
Grand 60-room corner noose: mostly offices; ele-
gant In every respect; clears $250 monthly.
©1 -,\ HOUSE 13 LIGHT SUNNY ROOMS;
! «>IOU. $35; water free; grand bargain. l49V'a
Fifth st.
J BURNISHED ROOMING- HOUSE OF 26
1 a for sale or to let. 325 Ellis St.
wvwesmnut FOli sale.
"i7ißt^sAixr~"
X Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of. ,
Oak bed sets $1S 50
lounges HVO
stoves 750
Carpets, per yard 55
Linoleum, per yard 65
, Matting, per yard 10
Tin our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we tare conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission its. J.
1 NOON AN. •
i * T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOB
, A lowest prices on household cods, new or good
; as new; cash or time, open evenings.
AiUl CAKP.fa.TH; CHAMBER BETS. $14;
■iUU stoves. $5: parlor sets, «20: foldlnr-badi.
$10: bed- onntM. $7. T. P. MCCARTHY ll'3 4th.
FtKXUI'IU: WA>'T£O.
I T WANT FURNITURE AND OFFICE FIX-
I X tures of any kind: will pay good prices. Call or
■ send card 7 City Hall aye. • -
I T C. MUTHKR. AUCTIONEER, 601CALIFOR-
II J . nia. cor. Kearny, pays beat price for furniture.
I IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
I 1 lure and merchandise see BUKD, ill Lark In.
I I N DIANA auction CO.. successors TO M.
II Xj., SIMMONS' Ana Co.. 1057 Market, pays cash
II Tj MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
I XI . ftmen, piano, ll«t Market: t*'. Jessie 761.
I CABFCr CLEANING.
I ONES CO. £aR?ET^~C_EANINU ANO
HI J renovating; work.i. Main office 35 and '27 8:0.
I pAHrET CLEANING, Be.; LAYING, 3c. : RUG
■I Vj samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 19 Bth st.
I KKAT western ca rpet-be
I \jr works: latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
■ Ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth: phone Jessie 253.
I IirHBS YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
II IT poor wort send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Oar-
■J'pet Beating Works. 853-57 T«h»m» st.; teL tea 4o.'
I / KLIN'S CARPET KEATING VVOKK* SJi
■ \J (.olden Qat-*ve.; telephone east I^B.
■ fUTY bTEA-HCARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
■I \J line. as Bth. hTEVENS, rajr. XW. booth 250.
I /"CARPETS CLKANKD AND RENOVATKU
I \J like new. FERGUSON & CO., 28 Tenth; UL
I Sonth att. P.' MACKINTOSH & CO.. rocccMOW.
I I K. MITCHELL CARPET CLEANING CO., 2 ill
■I 0 . 14th at.; cleaning He a yard. Tel. Mlaaioa 74.
I r MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND KE.N-
-■ I t) . ovatlng works. 45« Stevenson-. ML south 22 i,
I " ~~~ UOKSES. _/ . •
I TTO^SE^ AND W AGOnT CHEAeTIiNQUIRE
I XX 1019 Powell st. y / .--•■ -■■
II T EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY: 600 SETS
I XJ of good harness, our own _ake, of every de-
■l scription, lor l«-ss money than you can bay Eastern
■I trash ; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st.. S, F.
Hi "I C/\ SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND EAR-
I XiJU ness, all kinds; wagons, baggies, surnys,
It rockaways, carts; must be sold. 11*28 Mission st
I Cf\l\ SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND bar-
■J %)\J\f ness- all kinds: buggy. wagon, cart*, surrey
II A roekawav. 40 cheap horgi-s.- 1 5th and Valencia.
Hi A(\ HORSES *Olt SALE; ALSO WAOOXI
■I bcgeies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Uorw
I Market. 327 SlxJi st.; auction sales every SVedna*-
I day. SULLIVAN & DoYLK. Auctioneers.
HI TJORSES PASTURED; SWD toil CIRCU-
■ Xl )«r. Th" Mvde Ranch. 6:-tO ' »mn-i-rcl»l st.
HI """ WAUO.VS A-Nli CAItUIAIiKS.
I TpOR SALE — CARRIAGE, HARNESS and
■I; X matched team, chestnut Horses: also horses
■I buggies, etc. New York Stables, 507 Jessie st., neat
■ Sixth.
HI LfUGGY FOR SALE: IN GOOD CONDITION;
I D cheap: also dum peart. 656 Howard st.
I! I.OR SALE. AT EASTERN PRICES, FINE
■I r carriages of every desc lption: cash, notes or
■ Installments. ' Carvlll Mfg Co., 46-48 Bth at., a F.
I OLIGHTLV SOILED DRIVING GLOVES;
■ O samples, 11. M. HEINEMAN. 109 Sansome st.
I: XTEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
Hi 1\ dry : milk and grocery wasrons; also rock»w»j
■ and 2 fine buggies. f2B Harrison st.
H LEGAL TICKS.
I T"x "■ PROBAT&-IN THE
■ U Superior Court. In and for the City end
I County of .-an Francisco. State of California.
In the matter of the estate of GABRIEL AIL-
■ HARD, deceased, 17501.
■ Notice is hereby given that TUESDAY, the 4th
■ day of August, A. I>., 1896,' a' 10 o'clock a. a. of
■ said day and the courtroom of Department No. 8 of
■ said court at the new City Hall, in the City and
■ County of San Francisco, State of California, have
■ been appointed as the time and place for proving a
■ duly authenticated copy of the will of said
■ GABRIEL GAILHABD. deceased, and for hear-
■ Ing the application of PIERRINE BKROES for
■ the issuance to him of letters of administration
■ with the will annexed.
H Dated July 21, A. D., 1896. .
_H [uilai.] C. F. CURRY. Clerk.
■ . By T. B. HOUGUTON, Deputy Clerk.
_■ P. ALEXANDRE BERGEROT. Attorney for
■ Petitioner. 142-143 Crocker building, Han Fraa-
H Cisco. _^
ITN THE SUPERIOR COURT, , CITY AND
■ 1 Countvof Ban Frasdiico. State of California.
■ Department No. 8. JULIA ■DE ANDANY.
_H plainUff, v*. ANTHONY DE ANDAN , defend-
I ant. Action brought In the Superior Court, City
■ and County of San Francisco. State of California,
■ and the complaint filed in said City and County of
■ sun Francisco, In the office of the Cleric of said
I Superior Court. the State of California sand greet-
_■ The people of the Statfe of California send greet-
■ ing to ANTHONY DE ANDA.nY, defendant.
You are hereby required to appear. in an action
I brought a-alnst you by the above named plaintiff,
I in the Superior Court, City and County Of San
I Francisco, state of California, and to answer the
■ complaint filed therein within ten days (exclusive
I of the day of service) after the service on you of
I this summons— lf served within this County; or if
■ served elsewhere, within Ui'.r\v day*— or Judgment
■ by default will be taken akaltiu you, according to
I the prayer of said complaint.
The said action is brought to obtain the decree
■of the above entitled court solving the bonds of
■ matrimony heretofore and now existing between
■ pialntifl and ' defendant upon the ground that
■ defendant has been and ii guilty of willful deser-
■ tton of plaintiff: and upon the furthrr groun 1 that
■ defendant has been and is guilty of willful neglect
I of plaintiff, ail of which will more fully and at
■ large appear in the complaint of plaintiff, on file In
■ the above entitled action, to which said complaint
■ express reference, In that behalf, is hereby made,
I and for-costs of suit.
And you are hereby notified that If yon fail to so
I appear and answer said complaint as above re-
■ quire.], said plaintiff will apply to the conn for
■ the relief demanded in said complaint. ■
H Given under m. nand and seal of the said
■ Superior Court, at the « lty and County of San
■ Francisco, State of California, this 2d day of
■ Jlup in the year of oar Lord one thousand eight
■ hUn<Jr r^aTf 11111 — 1 " C. F. CURRY. Cl.rk,
_^_^ By JOSEPH RIORD AN, Deputy Clerk.
I GEO. W. TOWLE JR.. Attorney for Plaintiff,
■ - . 508 California Su, »an Francisco.
I'IIYSICIANS.
H T\&. C. C O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKEt/corl
■ Golden Gate aye. : d iseases of women a specialty.
_H UEMOVhJJ-DR. C C O'IHJSSKU TO 1205
■ Xv Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
s^l "l AON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
■ D his museum, 1061 Market St.: his 80 years 1
I snecessf ul practice is a guarantee of fair treatoi«ai;
I the wont cases treated eatUf aaotU/ by UM-U :.r
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 27, 1896.
HOUSES TO LET. _ - _
7T"pbUTTER ST,, SEAR TAYLOR— VERY
111 choice: decant: spacious; reasonable.
\ PPBECIATED IF SEKIf; CHOICE FOR
J\. doctor or dressmaker. 829^ Sutler, nr Jones.
©'>A WATER FREE. 1035 CAi*P ST.. NEAR
O— ". Twenty-filth, Dice 2-story house, 8 rooms
and bath: $8, rear house, 1023 Capp it., fronting
on Cypress alley, 4 rooms. ... .
OK.I '> CALIFORNIA ST., NEAR STEINER—
_t)i — 8 rooms, bath, laundry, billiard-room and
large yard; sun in every room; rent low lo de-
sirable tenant • ■-. . ;
OUSE OF 15 .WELL-LIGHTED ROOMS.
suitable for lodging-house; $25. 644 Sixth &l
1 £>}A TAYLOR, COR. BKOADWA\-sl'X-
luZU ny residence; 10 rooms: tain: an* view;
rent reasonable. H. MEYKR, 929 Broadway.
(2^-1 f\ HOUSE, 4 ROOMS, LARGE YARD
t£lU. and cellar. ■ Key at bakery, Twenty-
loiirth and Guerrero.
Ol A 7 BI>H— HOUSE 8 ROOMS A.ND BATH;
_ 1 V I rent reasonable. Call 10 to 4, on premises.
Qt if\ HOUSE: 6 ■ ROOMS; YARD. 917
gIU. Treat are., near Twenty-second at."
1 *J PAGE— HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS AND LARGE
1 — stable.
PLENDID 12-ROOM HOU^E, 3392 TWENTY -
C 1 first street, cor. Guerrero, suitable for board-
Ing or private residence; very low rent. See it.
OUSE— A MCE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent or BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND, 10
Mon'.jomery si.
Fe^Kß NEWS ■ FOR 8 CENTS — THJ»
WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, tor mailing.
COTTAGES TO LET.
'«» cT7Ca~3 KOOMA IT'pROSPECT~ < AVEn
QO.OU. bet. 'J7th and 28th sts.. near Mission.
OTTAGE— 6 ROOMS AND BATH; LAKGE
\J stable. 913 Fourteenth St.
r EW COTTAGE: 6 ROOMS, BATH, PASTY:
-i-\ latest improvements; large cellar: yard; rent
cheap. ■69 Clipper su . -
<_Q -r\ COTTAGE; FLAT, $10; BOTH RE-
«J)O.«JU. duced. Owner. 1128 Vallejo st.
LL ELEGANT COTTAGES, HOUSES AND
flats. Western Addition, $12 up. SPECK
CO.. 602 Market at.
-Ik) NORFOLK ST., NEAR ELEVENTH. OFF
*J—^ Harrison— bunny flat 4 rooms; large yard.
'_>>.» LILY AYE.-COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS;
OjLZ. rent $10. ____
i OVELY MODERN 6-ROOM SUNNY COT-
Xj tage; rent 15. 4392 seventeenth St., above
Douglass. - .-■■•'■•:- ■-■
POTTAGE. 6 ROOMS AND STABLE. 34 MIL
V^ l*-rst.. oft' Mission, nr. Seventeenth.
nmußio FLATS.
V VI ioLE^vTPAR^X oTr^FTRSTISHE^OH
■" par lv furnished flat of 7 rooms: on car line
modern Improve:- ems; fine marine view. loi
particulars address C. 1-. box 4. Call Office.
flats TO LET.
I^'w^fluJtT*^eby^^ : kstT~6^and~l
1> rooms; bath and large basement. 634 Cen-
tral aye.. near panhandle: Hayes-su cars.
VTEW FLATS; 3744 AND 3744V3 TWENTY-
-Li second st., i:ear Noe: 5 and 6 rooms and bath]
rents $16 and $1& Apply to EASTON, EL
DRIDGE «fc CO.. 633 Market St.
EE THOSE ELEGANT NEW FLATS AN I]
0 stores, Nos. 405, 433 and 819 Valencia St.;
rents reasonable. Apply to L. A. SOCC & CO.
465 and 467 Valencia St., near Sixteenth.
C« "If -FLAT 6 KOOMS AND BATH. 1027
«3r±D. Post it., near Polk. ______
r.r\ S ROOM.-: SUNNY UPPER FLAT*
<&\j. 1110 and 1112 Jessie St., near Hermann
\TKW SUNNY UPPER FLAT; 5 ROOMS ANI
1.1 bath. 627 Dolores st. : $15.
©I' 5 LA RUE SUNNY ROOMS; BATH
(J)1O. gas and large planked yard. 3950 Nine
t«tenth St.. bet. So* and Sanchez. • .—
C»Q AND $10; UPPER AND LOWER FLATS
0 O 3 rooms: yard, cellar. 1008 Natoma.or. 11th
1 f^APv GOLDEN GaTE AYE.— OF i
10U0 rooms; large yard: nice garden.
C) BROADWAY —FLAT 4 LAKGI
-— rooms: rent $14.
1" r'LAT: 5 ROOMS: BATH; GOOD MARINE
1 view. 21U« Leavenworth " si., bet. l abort an(
Greenwich.
CM- SUNNY FLATS; 6 BOOMS: BATH
tS)JLO. stable. 135 Fair Pans, nr. Twenty-third
Qi A LEAVENWORTH— HANDSOME SUN
Ol*± ny flat 7 rooms, bath, cellar; rent reduced
1 001 WKBSTER-3 BUNNY ROOMS ANI
lO—l bath.
lO*> TREMONT— FLAT 4 SONNY ROOMS Tl
4_._, small family: marine view.
I HARP.ISON-LOWER FLAT 5 ROOMS
Ol 1 b>th: $14.
r.l/k FLAT OF 3 LARGE BOOMS. 13S
ijlU. Rose aye. ' -
1 (\i\l IXJMBARD, NEAR HYDE-MODERN
J-UUI flat, 6 rooms and bath.
<_• 1 - FINE LOWER FLAT OF 4 LARGB
i^li). rooms; sunny side; .water free; - 31(
Clementina st.. near Fourth. Apply to the land
lord upstairs, or to E. ROBINET, 411^ Caliior
B nla at- » "
■ mo LET— BEAUTIFUL MODERN FLAT: (
1 1 sunny rooms: large rard, garden and base
■I meat: $20. 1003 Buchanan st-
I -l A -l f> BAKER— NEW LOWER FLAT: i
■ X 1 D rooms, bath, etc; modern Improve
■I ments; yard; water free: $16. .
I -I -i OAI FILBERT, NR HYDE — UPPEI
I 11— \J'4 flat; 5 sunny rooms; bath.
I! "I OWE. FLAT: 5 SUNNY ROOMS ANI
I XJ bath, basement and yard. 134 Page at.
li t.».i a l\ BUSH— SUNNY BAY-WINDOW FLA'.
■ _■ — 'iU of 5 rooms and bath; $16.
I nin GROVE, NEAR FILLMORE— LOWE!
■ O^— flat 6 sunny modern rooms elegantly pa
■' pered; bach; basement; yard: $25.
li ft'ol PINETnEAR SCOTT— UPPER flat
■I _.«J_.l 7 rooms; bath; with water; $23.
It OUNNY UPPER FLAT; 7 ROOMS AND BATH
I O 14161% Devlsaderost., near Geary.
I TTEALTH, pleasure AND ECONOMY
I XI combined; all bright, cozy flats: 5 rooms
Hj! bath: marine view. bend XO Hanover phi ot
I Sacramento St., below Mason: leers cor. Mason
I fiio FLAT OF 8 LARGE ROOMS; LARGI
■ .jlO. yard. 212y a Eleventh st.
I TT»LAT— A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TC
I X rent by BALDWIN <_ HAMMOND. 10 Mont
HI gomery st.
II Cil C GEARY— LOWER FLAT; FINE CONDI
HJ UIJ tlon; 6 rooms, bath -.all light and sunny :$3O
1 C.l Q ELEGANT MODERN sunny~fEat9
■I t*).LO, 6 rooms, bath. 135 San Jose aye., or. *_4th
HI rinMTtBE FOR HOUSE-: INSTALLMNT:
I £ new or 2nd band. Luudy Furn.Co .813 Market
Hi TAESIKABLE SUNNY CORNER FLA I: (
HJ! XJ rooms: latest improvements. 1541 Eddy st.
li fflji /* WATER FREE: LOVELY UPPEI
HJ (JtlOi modern sunny 5-room flat; 100 feet fron
■I Cas:ro cars. 4073 Twenty-third si.: key 4075. '
I' T\ESIRABLE SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS
HJ XJ with bath and all modern improvements
I 1633 Bash St., bet. Franklin ana liough; rent, in
■ rlndlnir water. $43 60. '
B v .. w tL.AI\ 6 ROOMS AND BATH; $12
■ i.> water free. 829 Ivy aye. • . ■
■ L'LEUANT NEW FLATS. SiiVEKTH ST., BE
■ ill low Brvanu 6 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
I « WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THJ
■ - V WEEKLY CALL, In wraorjer. for manins. -
H UOI!>EKK£PI>-O KOOMs.
Sacasnan Street.
I R(\O BUCHANAN-SUNN r CORNER BAY
■ UU_ window: housekeeping complete; firs
■ Coon $6. ■■-... ■
KddT Street.
_■ Ql 7 EDDY— HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
■ 'Jl. I nicely furnished; splendid location ; pn vat-
■ family.!
H Fifth Street.
■ Ql A FIFTH — 2 SUNNY FRONT HOUSE
■ Olt kpg rms: stove; closet; bath: private; $10
I Q')^ FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE
■ O~J keeping; 3, $10; 3, $13; single. $5.
H luubin Htree;.
I Ql A FOLSOM— SUNNY FRONT ROOM ANI
HJ Ol'' kitchen complete: no children.
I 1 TfiQ FOLSOM— 2 OR 3 SUNNY ROOMS
I 1 JI\JV complete for housekeeping.
. Glen Park Avenue.
I c GLEN PARK AVE~UFF TWELFTH-8 UN
■ O furnished sunny rooms; closets.
Howard Street.
__ TdA HOWARD, COR.BD-FINELY FURNISH
■ I \Jzt ed front rooms; also housekeeping; cheap
__G7/l HOWARD ST.— SUNNY FURNiSHEI
■ Oil front rooms; from $1 50 to $8: for house
■ keeping. - " . ' ; .. ■_
H 1 Or./l HOW ABD— LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
■ X— «Jt: room; cheap; also single rooms.
H Lsguns Street.
I Qnn LAGUNA. COR. MCALLISTER-SUNN!
HJ O\J\J tioaiiekeeplng rooms; gas stove.
Lki-kin Stree;.
I 4 OQ IiARRIK- NICELY FUP.NISHEI
■ rtJLV rooms complete for housekeeping.
__l Cft/1 LARKIS— SUNNY FRONT CONNECT
■ C\J~X ing rooms, furnished, $13; 2 backrooms
HI 'JA'-iQ I'ARKIN-a OR 3 NICE FURNISHEI
■ Z.~±OU rooms for housekeeping. .
t«»vfnwonh street.
IIHI A 1 LEAVKNWORTH-LOWER FLOOR
■ J*'lv/3 unfurnished; fine housekeeping rooms
■ cheap. -■■■■■■•;. .-'•■■>•.■' :...■-■.
• Mason street.
H -"-I "I MASON— 2 OR 3 FURNISHED ROOMS
HJ Ol 1 for housekeeping, with yard. -
- _oAll lnter Street. -
H OOC A MCALLISTER — 3 UNFURSISHE]
■ — — O rooms, private family; references. -
HOPSKKEEPIXO JROOMS — Contlnned. I
I' . juiina 'tree . H
071 MINNA — 2 NICELY FURNISHED I
Zii rooms for housekeeping. ■ . . v {■
&AU MINNA-FURNISHED ROOMS COM- I
OttO plete for housekeeping; large yard. ' ■
Q/jil MISSION — NEATLY FURNISHED I
OO^rs room, complete for housekeeping; rent I
cheap. " '■■ - ' . ■ ■'. -j ■
o^7 MISSION-FURNISHED ROOMS, COM- I
t/*± I piece for housekeeping. ■-.-.. ■
1 ftK.fi MISSION — SUNNY FRONT SUITE ■
IUUu complete for housekeeping; hoasekeep- ■
log rooms *7 up. '. '.'■■■*'■ - . .. . -■.=," I
1917 MISSION — SUNNY FRONT HOUSE- I
IZ.X 1 keeping rooms; newly renovated. > ■
New Montgomery street. I
lAC NEW MONTGOMERY — NEWLY PA- I
il/J pered and renovated: cheapest furnished I
' housekeeping suite* In city; see tnein. ■
Norfolk Street. ■
CO NORFOLK, ELEVENTH, OFF HAK-
' )-. rison— 2-roomed collage furnished lor house-
keeping lyard. .- • • ' ' .
Octavia Street.
1 /tftQ OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY —2. FUR-
ItUO nlshea, or partly; bay-windows: sunny.
. ' «j' 1- itrrell Mreet.
91 A O'FARRELL— 3 a UNNY FURNISHED
_<i"i rooms for housekeeping; gas, bath.
~~ '' ' " Pacific Street.
Ql 7 PACIFIC — 3 FURNISHED HOUSE-
OX I keeping rooms; *18; seen evenings after
7 o'clock. ■ ■ ■ • . ■ .
1-oiK Stress.
Ql Q POLK. NH. GEARY— HANDSOMELY
«710 furnished sunny alcove and kitchen, com-
plete for housekeeping: gas, bath, new carpets and
furniture; cheap rent. : • ■
IO 1 U POLK— H FURNISHED OK UNFUK-
XZ.X«7 nislied housekeeping rooms; also single.
C» 7 4 PLAIN FURNISHED ROOMS; SUNNY;
0 i . to small quiet family. 2702 Polk st.
second street.
inn SECOND— SCIT f-UNNY HOUSEKEEP-
4_._< ing rooms furnished; other rooms, $1 up;
bath and laundry. ■ . ■
MUb Street.
C.OQ SIXTH — 3 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
0~0 rooms with cellar, for man and wife; $6.
"~ . South Paris.
-i n SOUTH PARK— OR 3 FURNISHED OR
ID unfurnished housekeeping rooms. $7 to 10.
■• Stevenson- Street.
A f\Q STEVENSON. COR. FIFTH — FUR-
IUO Dished rooms for housekeeping.
r 1 Q STEVENSON, REAR-2 LAKGE SUNNY
0 1O rooms, unfurnished; yard; cellar.
COCI STEVENSON— 3 FURNISHED OR UN-
OOO% furuisbed sunny housekeeping rooms..
STEVENSON, BKT. SEVENTH AND
I Dii Eighth— 2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
bath; central. ■ " >■
' Taylor Street.
1 (\Q FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
JLUO ing rooms, with bath; also front room.
Third Street.
I A Q THIRD -SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
XrtiJ rooms complete: *3 50 a week.
Twenty-third Street.
AOnA TWENTY-THiRDST., NX. CASTRO—
*i--U~t 3 nicely furnished rooms: bath and
kitchen; nice flower garden: cheap to adults.
■ Van 2* ess Avennj.
71 ft VAN NESS AYE. — SUNNY FRONT
I 1U suite complete-for housekeeping $20.
Welsh Street.
II A WELSH, OFF FOUBTH— 2 OR 3 NICK-
L*t ly furnished rooms; housekeeping: cheap.
KOOMS TO 111. - -
Adelaide Place.
3 AND 7 ADELAIDE PLACE. OFF TAYLOR
St., near Post— 3 rooms: rent »11.
California Street.
VI AT PARLOR, NICELY FURNISHED:
il> suitable for young lady: with piano; nice
home, with use of dining-room and kitchen: rent
fIU. 1329 California st.
91 '?A CALIFORNIA— FURNISHED ROOMS
I JJ\.£rX. for cent it- men.
JbUUy Street.
1-1 Q KDDY — 2 NEAT SUNNY SINGLE
j 11» rooms for gentlemen : g5 50 and $6.
| I 1 O KDDY— BRIUIIT SUNNY KuOMS $6
LAO up: alito front unite cheap.""", '.*'-
ALL AT THE PORTSMOUTH FOR NICE,
reasonable rooms. 41 Kddr, corner ilasOD.
'--biitli Mtieu
S HERMAN APARTME-NT HOUfeB, 2S BTH
_ •;.. txtmr Market: furnished and unfurnished,
I f\Q KIOHTH— FURNISHED SUNNY BAY-
-IUO window front room; $10.
i-lljit street.
A VANDELL, 120 ELLIS-SUNNY -SUITES,
-."V $1 week up; single rooius, double beds, $2 up;
bath free.
THE KAMOXA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE 8.
J- HART, manager — A quiet house; centrally lo-
j cated: newly furnished: elevator: hot cola water.
I QOI ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOP. BEST
I O/ix lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
H Mllmore Street.
I ©1 A 3 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS TO SMALL
I «JplU. family. 2212 Fillmore st., near Clay.
H . lolsom Street.
I TQ£ FOLBOM— SUNNY FURNISH-
I IDO ed front room, suitable for lor 2: $6.
H 74 a FOLSOM — HANDSOME FURNISHED
I 111' sonny rooms; board optional; private: rea-
■ so cable.
I QO£«1 FOLSOM— SUNNY FRONT ROOM FOR
I OjLIJs 2; private American family; $2 per week.
ocitrr Mreet.
I Ol 71 GEARY. OPPOSITE UNION SQUARE—
■ — i I 8 furnished or unfurnished rooms: key 217
I aqa GEARY— NiCELY FURNISHJED FRONT
■ *tOU room; suite and single.
I aOO GEAR Y.COB. TAYLOE-bUNNY front
■I IPO bay-window rooms: $8 to 10 per month.
H on I GBAKY-NEWLY furnished sun-
I CUI ay rooms; central; reasonable; newcomer
■ fla:.
I riIHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
■ 1 handsomely furnished suites; single rooms: 10
■I montn up. 1101 Geary ■'... S\V. cor. Van Ness aye.
_H boagn Street.
I OUGH. NR. PINE-LARGE SUNNY FRONT
I VI alcove room, and large room connoting: fur-
■ nished or unfurnished: board optional; private
l : family. Address Reasonable, box 89, Call Offlce.
HI Gilbert Street.
I 001 GILBERT, BET. . TOWNBKND AND
■] ZZ4 Brannau— 3 nnfurnlshed rooms to let; $3.
uoldea Onto Attnue.
II M R GOLDEN GATE-NICELY FURNISHED
li OX D pleasaiit sunny rooms. '
Hi Prove Street.
I 1 ftr GROVE— NICELY FCBNISHED LARGE
■ 1 'O front room: rent $7.'
- ' --i Howard Street.
H COei HOWARD -SUNNY ROOM WITH
■ DdK)% crate, for gentleman, $4 : others $6 and $7
I COO HOWARD - DOCBLK AND SINGLE
■ O— O rooms: gas: bath; reasonable.
1 XTEWPORT HOUSE. 1113 Vi HOWARD ST..
■ x\ near J Seventh— Sunny furnished rooms, from
■$1 25 a . week up; aouaefceeping from f 'J up;
I transient. —«—_—_——__—.
_H Hyde Street.
I ()l ft HYDE— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
■ ZIU for housekeeping: $16- . l
_^_| ~ ; done* Street. "
I OAT JONES- THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
■ J.\f I uanacement: eiee«nt snnar tnlt«<i and
■■ single; newly rornlahed; bath, etc.; Slo wtm
utkrny_str»<i;.
■1 OA KKARNY— SUNNY SUITES ELEGANTLY
■ O\) furnished: electric light; gas; tourists so.
■ liclted. ■ -'- '■
I 4 KUNGTON ■ HOUSE. 127- KEARNY —
■J\ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
■ class Id every respect: terms reasonable.
Leavenworth Street. - -"
I iniK LEAVENWOATH— 3 UNFURNIBHED
■ IUIO rooms with bath for housekeeping; 10.
t.,111' 1 -..««-.
I V O6EMITE - HOUSK,^ 10". MARKET -PER
I I night, 35c to $1: week. $1 60 to »5: families. ,
iiimia >tr»«.. ;
I carr MINNA. cor. EIGHTH-NEWLY FUR-
■ 00 I nished bay-window rooms: $1 per week.
I .- u'x-rrell street, f-
I At O OP A RRELL — CHANGED HANDS;
■ _:JO nicely furnished salies and single; termi
I reasonable. ■-; .•*.- ''■'■-■ '■ ■'- ■.'■■'■"■■ ■- ■ \:' ;
H~ ~ ■ PolU Street.
I "I 1 00 POLK, COR. SUTTER-NICELY FUR-
■ LLOO nlshed sunny front rooms. ..
- . \ . . second Street.
I ViENTBAIi LODGING-HOUSE, 52 BECOND-
■ \J Thoroughly renovated; convenient; respecta-
I ble; reasonable. ~ --»- - <■ ■,-'■-■---
I lie BKCOND— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
■ 11 0 ny rooms; terms very reasonable.
BOOMS TO LET- Continued.
[seventh Street.
Li Of* SEVENTH — NIC ELY FURNISHED
-LOU front single rooms : 91 per week.
£ixtb Street. .
inn SIXTH-SUNNY KVRSISHEO HOUSE-
-I_U keeping and single rooms; transient.
• . " tuiter .Mreet.
QHQ SCTTEB — FIRNISHED BOOMS OK
OUO suites, $125 to ; $10 a week; night, 25c to
91 60; transients solicited. ' \
C 1 A SUITER- NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
OX.'x ny rooms, en suite or single:
7(|Q COR. TAYLOR— ELEGANTLY
I * 'O newly iurnlshed sunny rms.: suite or single.
I£l 7 -GUTTER— B UNFURNISHED ROOMS
lull to let by elderly lady; »7. - ■-. " ■_ . ,
SITTER ST.— NICELY FCKNIBHED
rooms, en suite or single: reasonable.
Stockton Street.
9fift STOCKTON*, NE. COR. GEARY- SUNN
jL\j\J furnished downtown rooms; $7.
Taylor .street.
inn TAYLOR— LAKOK DOUBLE PARLORS;
JLUt/ 2 beds: single rooms $1 50 a week.
niITAYLOR.COR. AKY— LARGE SONNY
O\)£i suite, formerly occupied by physician; fur-
nished or unfurnished.
Tehaina Street.
JOOTEHA MA- NICELY FURNISHED
'x.-.U housekeeping rooms; $7 60 to $10; range;
water; private. • ■
Tenth Street.
AQ A TENTH-i BOOMS; LOW KENT; NO
'±O'± children. .*
lurk Street.
O-l O NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
_ JL _ rooms: also housekeeping and single.
- Miitceiisnpoui.
8 MAZE DING— PART OF ELEGANT
«)Q office to manlcurer and hairdresser.
liOAlt— A>l> BOOMS.
QQ Q GE AR Y — BUN^Y^^jiTE7~BUITABLE
JOO fora family: excellent board; reasonable.
ri A GEARY—NICELY PUKXIsHKD SUNNY
I J.V/ rooms with board: terms reasonable.
7 1> ELLIS, R. POLK— FCRNIStiED iluOM
lul with noard.
"I jA- VAX NEsS AYE.— ALCOVE ROOM
luuJ with board: private family; references.
\jf\\ JONES — >UNNY ROOMS, SUIT— OK
OUI single; board If desired. ■
*-••_> Q ELLIS — NICELY FURNISHED PAR-
-000 lors. en suite or single, with board.
Ol'f.L BhKTUM*. 114 iiUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given ana required: nil nioU-
»r" iwirmK'ncM. ■•
lUILDK£.N BOAKI>ISI>.
T^~DY^\VISHeT^ OK L ~CHItiD~RKN~TO
Xj board: sunny yard; mother's care. 1165 Mis-
sion St. ; - . "'. , :' ' •■ .-.- -
1 CHILD; TERMS MODERATE. 4025
X Twenty-fifth st. . .
PLEASANT HOME. AT 1727 MCALLISTER
X si. tor child: good care: terms moderate. I -
/CHILDREN BOARDED: PRIVATE FAMILY
\J in country: school nearby; $10 a month. MRH.
L. ISAAC, Dimond Postoflice, Upper Fruit vale,
Alameda County.
I OR 2 CHILDREN TO BOABD. 123 QER
1- mania st.
T ADY WITH GIRL OF 15 WISHES 1 OH 2
LJ children tn board. 321 Cumber and st.
STOK_3 TO LET.
"QTo^E^^irritmiM^r^T^r^nTKTLTMOirE
O street. .
QTOKE-4245 NINETEENTH .ST.. COKNER
0 Diamond, near Douil:s% School, with 3 living-
rooms; rent 13. Inquire 4247 Nineteenth.
1 ARGE BASEMENT TO LET CHEAP. COR-
J-J per First and Market sts. • ■
QTOKK COR. LAFAYETTE, 1524 HOWARD;
O with fixtures tor saloon: fit for any business,
cheap rent.
OFFICES TO LET.
■B7TfT>rA^kn?iT^oTris^^
O«JU room. 8 large windows, suitable for archi-
tect or artist; other o fliers; rent cheap.
Q-JQI SUTTER, NB. JONES— CHOICE FOR
O—t/a offices and residence combined; reason-
able.
D~ ESK ROOM TO LET IN A PLEASANT
sunny office in Crocker build for 15 per
month with free services of a competent sten-
ographer. Ad. BILLINGTON, box 54, this office.
Of) O'FAKKKUi-IiABGE, SUNNY OFFICES;
•-v/ electric lights; elevator and janitor services.
110 EDDY-FINESUITE; UUOUND LOOK;
110 olllccs for doctor or dentist.
CPRKL'KKUJ BUILDING, 627 MAKKKT—
0 Elegant sunny office*, fl2 50 up: electric-licht:
beating and }*nttor service free. Apply it building
pro. H. UMBSEN <fc CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
______
_ jgiy^P L y,s» _._..: ';„„-„„„..
E^TuTK^A^D^MTXL^IoWNE^rTRIB^
unp,sso: Cleveland, f 40: Rambler. $40; Ben
liar, ladles', $50. DAVIS BROS. V! 6 Geary s:.
INFIELD PEARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
. Headquarters Lu-ml-num and Thistle bicycles
\j ARGAIN IN A STEARNS TANDEM; ALSO
1 > single wheels. 306 Post st.
'96 YOSEMITE TANDEM: $85: ALMOST
new. W. CRANE, 324 Pout st.
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _BT;
I best accommodations. Terminus Ue*ry t Mo-
Allisier and Powell St. car line*
ton SALK-MISCELLA.Ntm >(,
MABSTON FOOT-POWER, BA\V WITH BOR-
ing attachment. Pacific Storage Booms, 301
btoakton st. ■
J, OUR-UORSE POWER PACIFIC GAS OR
I Kasollne engine; good as new; Sl5O. Apply
215 Bay at. ,
XTO. 1 WINDMILL; 4000-GALLON TANK;
-l^ first-class brass pump; galvanized pipes. Ad*
dress EDWARD McOKE, 2212 Magnolia St., Oak-
land.
C"~^HEAP, NEW CAMPING WAGON. APPLY
\J grocery- store, corner Silver aye. and Mission.
ARNESs AND PEDDLING WAGON. 1620
Mission st.: $30. ■ ■ - ■■ - - -
C»Q 14 PIECES 4x12. 20, OR 7JO FEET Ix 6.
<IrO. 142Collingwood st ■ .■-■--. ■-. -;
BARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERK. SHELV-
I > ing, etc., bought and sold. 1083 Mission st.
Ci 1 4 fOR BUILDING ON LEASED LOT:
«^l_O suitable for grocery. W. CRANE, 324
Post st. ■
SPLENDID REMINGTON TYPKWBITER,
$45: others fro_ 920 up. , BEVALK, 310 Cat.
OOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
pulleys, shafting, etc W. L. SAN FORD,
415 Washington *'- J" -
T>UILERS.ENGINES,2D-HAN DMACHINERY.
JJ waterpipea. . Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Baal*
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND HAVE
them repaired: separate parts sold and shipped.
San Francisco Baby Carnaae M'fg. Co., 442 Sixth.
ACIFIO GAS ENGINE— 2-H.P.: PERFECT
order; 2 Adams prtg presses: power 516 Mission
OUXTKK L V I NO. SHOWCASES
\J bought and sold. 1121 V a Market, bet. & Bth.
bUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASH_*
I I doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1168 Mission.
NX SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
fir* and bonl-x proof safe. 109. 11l Market »:.
1,-' IRK AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETT BH*
-T prvfis, platform scales and desk : cheap. 10*2 Clay.
H XTEW RANOKS CHEAPER THAN SKCONU-
Jl\ hand. \V. a BAY Mfr Co.. la California m.
sewino machines.
HiVJEW" FAMILY SINOKR3 for" BENT; »1
Jll per month: V. S. Singers, $2. 1559 Market.
I ILL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGED,
M ■A rented, repaired: lowest rates. VO5 Fourth at.
ATTOKSKYS-AT-LAW.
H A"^^d^7cjk^b^e^dTvorck __ws^X^p_ci^
■ J\. alty; private; do chare? unless (accessfnl ; all
■ law salts, , claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
J tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
I] E. PHILLIPS— U. S. AND STATE COURTS:
■ JJ. damage cases a specialty: money to loan on
H estates; charges moderate. I offices 508 Calliornla.
H \\T F. ARAM. ATT'Y-A.I-LAW,SBIPARROTT
I » » . bldg. Practices in all courts '.charges moderate
H T EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED; NO PUB-
■J_ liclty ; advice free, conttdentlal. P.O. box 2132.
HV> w aTTORNEY-AT-LA\V. chron-
It. icl'g old*: advice free: moderate: open evn^s.
H"" 7 " ~- . ■.. . SIOKAUK. y. . V ~~
H^OTOBAaE-^HEAl^^iN'T^E^iTV^JPnßifr
M O proof building; advances made. 211 Larktn.
H TT\URNITURE. PIANOS. TRUNK-.; AD-
B _ vapces. shipping. CHAS. L. TA YL0K.204 Post.
H A - B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., -IS2 ELLIS;
JA. low rates: fife-proof bonding: Kaslern plan.
PISSO-UTlpy OF PARTNERSHIP.
I /CERTIFICATE OF COPARTNERSHIP.- WE
H \J certify ' that ' we : constitute a . copartnership
■ transacting business in this State. Its principal
■ lace of business U at San Francisco, California.
H it" Dame Is EHRSIAN & CO., and the full ' names
H and respective : places of residence of all its mem-
■ bers are signed hfereto. _ : i ■
■ D »^ ,*-^^ER^M^N? 6 -
I (By JOS. EH AN, his attorney In fact),
I . Residing at San Francisco, California. '
H -JOSEPH EH RM AN, -
H Beildlng a: San Francisco, California..
■ xv«iui » BOLOa i OS w# EHRMAN. ' "-
■ Residing at San Francisco. California.
■ . ALBERT L.EHBMAN. -
H • Reading at San Francisco. California.
■ : Duly acknowledged before SAMIKL ' ROSEN-
■ HEiM, notary public In and for the City and
■ County of San rancisco, Stale of California.
■ Indorsed. P*f ma * l 3SS&SgtBßl ' .-■-'
I »-!??.* "H- C.F. CUBBY, aerk.
I By W3_ B. A. JOHNSON, Deputy Clerk. ~ ffx
CITY REAL ESTATE. ■
I TINTS TO REAL EST ATE '>""" "^ I
1:. INVESTORS AND HOME-MAKEna ■
You can make money now buinz lanrt any-
where within an boar's ride of a great seaport city. ■
You can make more money buying In some lo- ■
calities than 01 hers. '"- \ • ■
You can make the most money If you select a I
plac« caturaliy sittmed lor a town, located in the H
direct line of up-to-date public and private im- ■
provements, easily accessible by cheap »nd fre- ■
quent railway and water transportation lines to a m
great commercial and manufacturing metropoi's I
and other existing business centers, ret farei: ■
away from any 10 insure of its becoming a prosper- I
ous, selt-snpporting and independent community. I
. . FITCHBURG IS SO SITUATED ■
As to. combine all these advantages and many H
others. It offers splendid inducements to those |^|
about to start ousioess of any description. :
For suburban horses it r vals any of the thickly II
populated centers around the bay.
It is only 45 minutes from San Francisco and 2 ■
minutes from Oakland by steam and electric cars, ■
which run from daylight until after midnight. ■
8 1 a: ion on both lines. -No lot more than three ■
blocks from either railroad. ' " ' H
ELEGANT CHURCU EDIFICE RECENTLY ■
COMPLETED. ■
GRADED SCHOOL ATTENDED BY 150 ■
SCHOLARS. . ■
The streets are graveled and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen groves.
.Mark these improvements.
NOTE THE LEGIBLE LOCATION.
Consider the social advantages sure to multiply
as the town grows, count the chances for profit on
your investment in a proapec ive business center
as com pared, with the bj any isolated one-street
tracts now on th*> market.
SHE FITCHBURG.
Invest judiciously and the almighty dollars
sure to come your .way, will do. the rest. Lots
ready to but a on, size 25 and 50 feet front by 100
to 200 feet deep. J,
PRICE ONLY $4 TO $10 PER FRONT FOOT.
. Terms: 10 per cent cash; balance In monthly
payments.
THAI), s. FITCH, Fltchburg. San Leandro Road.
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St.. S. F.
ffl«l 4 >£\n COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS: BEKKE-
)±J.O\J. ley; lot 50\100: near station; $300
down. $15 monthly. ■ "
$150— Lot 24x100: $5 down, $3 monthly.
' CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery St.
~A SNAP; $600: LOT, SUNN y side OF CLIP-
-*i- per, near Diamond, 26:8x114: street graded
ana sewered; one bloc* irom two lines of cars.
8.. box l'Jtt, this office. ... ■ - ■-'•■"-_'■
QUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT:
$150 "to $-275 a room; parties contemplating
building invited tocall and see plans. 1149 Mission.
COUNTRY HEAL ESTATE.
T?OR SALE— IB4O ACRES OF EXCELLENT
X 1 fruit and a' falfa land in one body; suitable for
colomzat.on; known as the Peter Clapp ranch:
3 miles east of i.athrop; 1 mile from school,
church and railroad; 10 miles front Stockton and
within sixty rods of the Stanislaus and ban Joa-
quin Company's irrigation ditch, which runs par-
allel for two miles: 2 good dwelling-houses, good
barns, (beds, fences, tanks and wlndmi!l<: county
roads; terms reasonable, save all commission by
applying to NOAH CLAPP, 6 Weber Point, Siock-
tou, La;.
ANY.' ONE WANTINU A RANCH FOR
-cV. grazing purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay Is required,
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 826 Montgomery st.
"\JARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES »6 MILES
i.»X from city; lo s «ny size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre: terms to sr.lt. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building.
T ITTLK HOMKS. CLOSE TO TOWN, H^"
XJ proved, easy terms; also * to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWINU. Sonoma
City: every Monday at 632 Market s-, S. If. .
CKMIi'OKOU'B List OK OKCHAKD HUM AS
lor tai». WOUSTKft ■» WHIVI'DX. s^ Jn,..
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— gOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
©97XA ** 'CASH DOWN AND ONLY $30
O«-" I v. per mouth fora new modern house; 8
rooms, bath, electric belle, etc.: lot 35x100; nicely
located. ALDEN 61 KRUNE>"BEKU, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland.
C:7£; LOTS AND UPWARD— A LLENDALE
O I O Tract, East Oakland, adjoining Frultvale.
the acknowledged garden spot of Oakland; grand
view and a choice site for a home; streets graded
and macadamized and the lots are in shape to build
on: a tine school with '2. elect ie roads near by;
terms $5 to $10 down, balance $5 monthly; con-
veyance to and from the Tract free of charge. 468
Ninth St., bet. Broadway and Washington. H. Z.
JONES, owner. .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA KEAL ESTATE.
QjQOXn 2-STORY, 7-ROOM HOUSE, COT-
tJiOiiUV.'. tace. 6 rooms, large lot; former price
$4500; must be sold. T. F. BAIRD, 1303 Park
St., Alameda. . ■ .. -
T/OR SALE— LOVELY NEWMCOTTAGES.
T situate on Benton St., bet.' Santa Clara aye.'and
Railroad aye. . Alameda; just completed; each cot-
ta.'e has 6 rooms, reception-hal and bath: rooms
re all beautifully tinted: fir.c man ties; porcelain
baths ant zinc laundry tubs: in fact all the im-
provements are of the latest design and of best
material: situated In a good neighborhood, near
school and churches: only 1 block to Santa Clara-
av& c«ri;ne an.i _ blocks to broadsrauize station:
prices very reasonable and terms easy; houses will
be open for inspection this week. For Turther par-
ticulars call on or wrilfeß. H. WELSH & CO., Real
Estate. SW. corner Fifth aye. and Eighteenth st.,
East Cakland. Cal.
OR SALE— ON ACCOUNT OF DEPARTURE,
a modern 2-story dwelling; 11 rooms, bath, etc.;
linos, 75x175: furnished if desired. For par-
ticulars apply on premises. 2241 Pacific aye., near
Park st.. Alameda. A very tine new Steinway
piano also for sale. ■ ■■ ' ■
HiukUi.k.l*K)C KKAL tM'Alii,
AYE RErTT— ONLY $1500: MODERN. r.'EW
4-rooru cottage: 1 block from station: pay-
ments same as rent:' 40-foot lot. M. L. WI'KTS,
opposite Dwlght way station.
OOD HOMES" FOR RENT OR FOR SALK
on easy terms, O. O. MAY <fc CO.. real estate
and building, 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
JOSEPH J. MASON. ME A L ESTATE. AND
0 Insurance rgetit. t-.erkeley Hum, adjoining bank.
BERKELEY BOOMS AND HOARDING.
"DEFINED COUPLE CAN ;FIND BOABD IN
it elegant private i residence in East Berkeley:
beaulitul grounds; stable. AddressC, Peralta P.
P.. Berkeley. .
FROPEKT\ TO EXCHANGE.
IC\ f\ H P i-^V E3 FOR S ALE OR "eXCH AN Qb".
±UUU san Francisco —
-Oakland, Alameda
Berkeley and other city and town property—
Ranches, hotels, rooming-houses ■ — ■
— ■ ■ — And business places all prices
i '■ What do you want?
Call and see my list. H. C DECKER, 1020
Market st. ■ -•- ■ .:.'■.■
GROCERY-STORE AND BARROOM WITH
fixtures and buildings; doing a good business:
centrally located; will exchange for 80 or 160 acre*
of land in Alameda or adjoining counties. For toll
particulars apply to E. W. WOODWARD, 466
Tenth st., Oakland. . ■■•.-..
HOUSE AND LOT Ist SEATTLE EXCHANGE
for ranch. DECKER, 1020 Market st. ,
1 Oiil\ ACRES l'UllibK LA.Nu. KiiKN CO.:
l/LiO\ ' water: fine for cattle-raising. N..bx.l6.CaU
~ PEOPEKTr" WANTJSD.
. ... ■ ....
v\? Xxteß— iaipßO ved" CITY^PROPERTY
'» for SO-acre. model orchard at San LcaLdro.
SPECK A CO.. 602 Market st. -f .
■JIOMSV TO LOAN.
ANY AMOUNT ON BOND;!, DIAMONDS,
watches, Jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and instruments; interest low: private entrance:
private rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS', IB Grant are
A DVAXCKS ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES.
A jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, 84d Market st. open evenings. ■• ; ' -:
CUT A A f\f\(\ TO LOAN, CITY, AT6j(: ALSO
<JiJ.UU.UUV/ Oakland, life Insurance, real es-
tate in probate, small or large sums. >SHAINWALD
Bl'CKlii-.E <& CO., 218-220 Montgocaery st.
ONEY LYING IDLE. TAKK AT $5 INTER-
«st per month for each $1000; same rat* sec-
ond mortgage or lite Insurance. Coin, box 2, Call.
Vf ONEY LOANIOi ON JEWifiLKV ANO
J>i ether valuables at the Security Loan Offlca.
11CB Market »t,.nr. Mason: private entrauce 7 Turic
1 \IRECT ON YOURFURNITURK OR PiANO:
U no removal: no delays; do commissions! low
Interest, Km. t>B, Donohue bldg. 1170 Market H.
ANY AMOUNT: IST. ai> or 8D MOKTUAUEI.
J\. estates, undivided interests, real estate la or*
bate. '. McCOLU AN. 24 Montgomery, room X ..
O Oft (\f\f\ ON IMPROVED REAL ESTATE,
t)U UUU sums not exceeding $1000. Call at
room 629, Parrott Building
1 bT <fc XL) MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN E*
lt«te«:lowMt rates:no MURPHY ,62B Mrk:.
\ DVANCESONDIAMONDS^JEWKLKY. £TO
J-\ folnmbia Loan M collateral Offir*. 9 Urant «v«.
. FA\V Ml liO X i .
T 128 - KEARN V HT., ROOM MONEY
A loaned, watches, diamonds, eta;, low rates;
private room*: elevator: Pledges for gale cheap.
BiUTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHi
. Birth, marriage and death - notices sent by malt
will not be inserted. They mas. be handed in at
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published, j : -
nous. . .
BULLOCK— In this " city July 26, 1886, to the
wife Of John H. Bullock, a daughter. ' .
SMART— In this city, July 18, 1896, to the wife of
F. W. Smart, a son. sf,
DIED.
Andrews. Ruth F. . O'Donnell, Mile :
Bill, .Jacob - Olsen, Clara
Browne, Charles P. Owens, Thomas J.
Carr. Mary Pinkerton, Mrs. Susie
Caoirhlin, John Pontack. Josephine)
Chadd, Charlotte B. Has?, Amos U.
Doyle. Ann Scott, Mrs. Maria
Fennon. M»ry ■ Semmon, Mary
* arlock. William ' Shackleton. John
yma:i. Wolf £jj> s Smvth, Francis D.
Klein. Irving Stanton. George W.
l-ocice. Frances H. Sullivan, Ellen
Matcom. Anne Tewh'.H, Thomas H.
Miranda. Jose I. Thomas. Mary
Morgan John F. Walsh, Henry
Nottngham. Mrs. Sarah Wiso. Mary
O'Brien, James J. ~ Woodworth, Mary K.
I.VDEEW3-Ia this city. July 25. 1896, Ruth
Frances^ beloved daughter of Georce W. and
Fanny Andrews, a native of San Francisco, aged
,10 months and 15 days. ; -
BILL— In this city, Jul". 24. 1896, Jacob Bill, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 17 years 4 months and 11
days.
IROW.NE-ln this city. July 25, 896. Charles P..
beloved son of Patrick: and Hannah Browne, and
brotner of Johnnie' M. and Frame V. Browne, and
nephew of John and Phillip O'Donell. a native
of San Francisco, aged 6 mouths and 1 day. -
S3~ Friends and acquaintances are rejpec:-
fnlly Invite* to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. *.. from the residence
o his parent*. 1248 Montgomery street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
:arr— ln this city, July 25. 189 ft Mary Carr.
a native of County Armagh, Ireland, aged 7*
years 9 months and 18 days. I
S^Friend* and acaualntanws ar» r»«iw<r-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Mondavi, at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of ice Union UnuertaWng Company. 733
Mission street, near Third, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services, commencing at 2 o'clock p.
m. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CAUGHLIN— In Oakland, July 25, 1895, John
Caughlin, behoved husband of Muscle Caughlln.
father of .Mrs. James G. Beaty. and bra her of
Mrs. J. J. White, a native of County Tipperary,
Ireland, seed 61 years.
«*T Friends and acquaintances are reso»s>
fully In vital to a' tend the funeral THIS »\ V
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. x., from his late
residence, 37.: Seventh street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where
solemn leqniem mass will be celebrated for the
repose OS his sonl, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
CIIADD-In this city. July 25, 1896, Charlotte
Belle, beloved wife of William F. Cbadd, and
daughter of P. S. ana Alice McCllntock of Bock-
port, Mendocino County, Cat., a native of Michi-
gan, aged la years 3 months and 25 days.
DOYLE— fn this city, July 25,1896. at her resi-
dence, 3079 klgbteenth street, near Dolores. Ann,
beloved wife of the late James Doyle, and mother
"of James Doyle and Mrs. Edward F. Murphy,
a native of Ireland.- axed 64 years.
aP3~The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, thence to Mission Dolores Church.
Sixteenth and Dolores streets, wnere a requiem
high mass will be celebrated fur the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a/m. Inter-
ment Holy Ciosj Ceme:ery.
FENNON— In Oakland, July 24,1895. Mary, be-
loved wife of the late Edward Fennon, and
mother of E J.. F. S. and D. M. Fenuon and Mrs.
J. J. Kennedy, a native of County Longford, Ire-
land, aged 69 years '2 months at:d 9 days.
gSTFriend-) and acquaintances »r-> reso«e^-'
folly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 26 1 iightb street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where a
solemn requiem high mass » 111 be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10 '
o'clock a. m. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
HA BLOCK— In Oakland. July 25, 1898. William
Harlock, a native of aan Francisco, aged 21 years
1 month and 15 days.
HVMAS- In this cltv, July «5, 1896, Wolf.be-
love I husband of Mary Hyman. and father of
Henry Hyman. Mrs. A. Lewln, Sam and Jake
Hyman. Mrs- S. Meyer, Hurry, Jennie, Beanie
and Rose Hyman, a native of Schneideriaubl.
Germany, aged 65 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. x., from bis late
residence, I*9*. Ellis street. Interment New
Salem Cemetery, by 11 :30 o'clock a. M. train
from Third and Townsend streets.
KLEIN— In Oakland, July 25. 1898, Irving, be-
loved son of I. and Bella Kiei n, a native of Cleve-
- land, Ohio, aged 8 years and 8 months.
LOCKE— In this city, July 24. 1896, Frances Helen
Locke, a native or >3ti Francisco, aged 11 months
and 10 days.
M AL-COM— In this city. July 26, 1896. Anne Mai-
cora, widow of William Ala I com. late of Edit,
Abe rdeeushtre. Scotland, aged 84 year*. -
a-3~Funera! services will be held TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at a o'clock p. v.. at the residence
of John Center, 2*244 Sixteenth street. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers. f
MIKANDA— In Marin County, July 19, 1896.
Jose Ignacio Miranda, beloved brother of Cruz
and Serbula Miranda and Mrs. Josie Wilson,
aged 4*2 years.
MORGAN— In Santa Barbara, July 23, 1896, John
F. Morgan, beloved son of the late James and
Margaret Morgan, a native of San Francisco,
Cal., aged 26 year.* and 7 months.
X3~Jb'rienas ana acquaintance! urn r«so«c;-
-fnlly invited to attend the faneral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from his late resi-
dence. 1723 Turk street, thence 10 Holy Cross
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment.
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
NOTINGHAM— In Oakland, July 26. 1896. Mrs.
Sarah Notingham, beloved wife of M. F. Noting-
ham and beioved mother of Nora Schmidt and
Ralph Notlnstham, and sister of Mrs. J. Beach,
Mrs. T. D. cst evens, Mrs. K. Bray. Mrs. A. A.
Tinker, Mrs. J. A. Houston and Daniel McLean,
a native of Nova Scotia, aged 42 years 11 months
and 2« days.
O'BRIEN— In this city. July 26,1896, James J.
O'Brien, beloved husband of Nellie O'Brien (nee
Mattery), and father of Eileen O'Brien, a native
of Boston, Mass.. ased 30 years and 13 days.
O'DONNELL— In the City end County Hospital,
July 26, 1836, Mike O'Donnell, aged 87 years.
OLSEN— In this city, July 24, 1896, Clara Olsen,
a native of Denmark, aged 48 years.
OWENS— In this cltv. July '26, 1896. Thomas J.,
beloved son of Patrick and Bridget Owens, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 20 years and 10 Cays.
PINKERTON-In this city, July 23. 1896. Mrs.
Susie Pinkerton, « native of California, aged .2 5
years.
PONTACK— In the City «nd County Hospital,
July 26, 1893, Josephine Poatack, aged 38 years.
HUGO— In Plumas County, Cal., Amos V., beloved '
husband of Louise V. Ruse soj^in-law of Mr.
and Mrs. S. •H. Thomas, an* brother-in-law of
H. A. Thomas and D. S. Oliver, a native of Can-
ada, aged 31 y°ars 6 months and 2 days.
jay No:ice of funeral hereafter. ■
SCOTT— In this city. July '26. 1896, Mrs. Maria
■ Scott, w dow of the late Captali Jesse E. Scott,
a native of New Orleans, aged 65 years.
SFMMON— In Oakland, July 24, 1898, Mary Sem-
mon. a native of Ireland, aged 69 years 2 months
and 9 days. .
SHACKLKTON— In this city. July 26, 1896, John
shackleton. brother of William Shackleton.a na-
tive of France, aeed 65 years and 11 months.
ay-Friends and acquaintance* «r» 'p-ovr.-
-fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lor* of James MoMeoomey & Son, 1057 Mission
street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SMYTH— In this city. July 25, 1896, Francis D.
Smyth, beloved husband of Mary Smyth, and
father of Danl?l. Joseph. Maggie and Mary
Smyth, a native of County Cavan, Ireland, aged
69 rears. -
*3- Friends ant acquaintance* ar» r»*-nr-
fullv invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 935 Church street, corner Twenty-
second, thence to St. James Church, Twenty-
third and Guerrero streets, where a requiem
high mass will D« celebratei for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ST ANTON— In this city. July 25. 1896, George
W. Staaton, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 66
J «C - Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Monumental c, S. V. F. D., are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock p. *.. from the par-
lors of Carew & English. 19 Van Ness avenue.
near Market street, later ment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.'
SULLIVAN— In this city, July 26. 1896, Kllen,
beloved wife of T. J. Sullivan, a native of Ire-
land.
Friends ami acquaintances are reinrs*:-
. fully invited to attend the faneral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:80 o'clock a. m, from her late
residence, 2438 California street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 doer a. x. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. .
TEWHILL-In this city. July 26, 1898. Thomas
H. beloved husband of Katie Tewhlil, father of
Thomas -H. Tewhlil Jr., son of Jonn and Mary
Tewhiil, and brother of John J. Gaham, a native
of Springfield, Mass.. aged 24 years 4 months and
6 days.
THOMAS-In this city. July 23. 1896. Mary
Thomas, a native of Ireland, aged 96 years.
WALSH— An anniversary requiem mass for the
repose or the soul of the i ate Henry Walsh will
take place at St. Mary's Cathedral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8 o'clock a. m.
WlSE— in this cltv. July 26, 1898, at her resi-
dence, 3317 Mission street, opposite Twenty-
ninth, Mary, beloved wife of Peter Wise, and
mother of Thomas F. and Peter J. TV ise, a na-
tive of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 04
years and IS days.
jgarNotlce of funeral hereafter. '
WOODWORTH— In East Oakland. July 25, 1836.
Mary E.. beloved wife of J. L. Wood worth, and
daughter or Rollln N. Elms, a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged 33 years and 11 montns.
LOO F.— Officers and members of Brooklyn
Rebekah Lodge No. 12, LO. O. F. are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of Sister Wood-
worth, corner jtoarteen;h street and Twelfth
avenue. East Oakland, THIS DAY (Monday).
at 2 o'clock p. M. By order^f to* kuttlXG^'
M. A. Dallas, Rec Bee . ■
"j McAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNRRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMKEB,
20 FiftU St., Opp. Lincoln School.
. . ;.t Telephone 3080.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN i MATEO ; COUNTY: > NEAREST Clus-
ter; to the city ; non-sectarian ; in no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Office 987 Market
street, southeast corner of Sixth.
1112
NO MORE OIL
FROM UNCLE SAM
Sumatra May Supplant the
United States in
Japan.
BIG PRODUCTIVE WELLS.
Threaten to Supply All Oriental
Markets Inside of Five
Years.
DAMAGING TO THIS COAST.
A Great Dutch Industry That Will
Injure San Diego's Prospects
as a Port.
The island of Sumatra may within the
next five years supplant the United States
as Japan'u source of supply for kerosene.
What that means to this country can be
inferred from the fact that last year Japan,
according to the United States Minister in
Tokio, who returned to this City yesterday
from Washington, imported about 30,000,
--000 gallons of oil from America.
Dr. Muir. who was for many years an
oil-refiner at Titusville, arrived at the
Occidental yesterday with his family. A
little over fonr years ago he established an
oil refinery for a big Dutch company in
the then recently discovered oil fields far
in the interior of Sumatra. Since that
time he has been constantly employed
managing the refinery and perfecting the
plant.
He returned to America a few weeks
ago to get his family, ana is now on his
war back to Sumatra, where he has orders
to begin the construction of two more re
fineries, so extensive is the business be
coming.
The oil region is on the bank of a navi
gable river, and is practically in the heart
of the jungle.
The Dutch own the island. The Dutch
own the wells ana the refinery, and the
Dutch hold all the managerial positions
connected with the oil business.
Mr. Muir is the only American among
fifteen Dutchmen who have charge of a
colony of nearly 5000 natives and half
castes who are employed about the vari
ous departments of the business, which
includes a can factory, a box factory and
a sawmill, good timber being found close
at hand.
British and Chinese steamers come up
the river and load the cases of oil right
at the relinery. Tbey carry them to Singa
pore, to Pen an p, to Yokohoma and to sev
eral East Indian ports.
Twelve wells are in operation in the one
district and their average daily output is
from 200 to 460 barrels each. So far no
other oil districts have been discovered,
for no prospecting has been done. The
Dutch will not allow Americans or other
foreigners to enter upon the territory.
It is believed that other rich fields await
development and efforts will be made to
find them.
All thin information 13 in substance
what Mr. Muir said yesterday, but he par
ticularly requested not to be quoted lest it
might affect the company's plans.
He declared very emphatically that in
five years from now no petroleum will be
shipped from the United States to Japan.
He also said that Japan gets some oil
from Russia, but that it is not high grade.
He refused to say what the quality of
the Sumatra oil is, but reiterated his as
sertion in regard to toe future exports
from this country to Japan.
Mr. Muir has been in the cftl refinery
business for thirty-one years.
One of the principal reasons, Sho Ne
moto, the Japanese Commissioner of Com
merce, stated the other day, in favor of
San Diego as a terminus for one of the
new Japanese steamship lines, was that it
would be a more convenient port at which
to load kerosene, raw cotton and ma
chinery for the Japanese markets.
"For," he said, "our country imports
great quantities of kerosene from Amer
ica."
The State Mining Bureau's expert has
disclosed, after an investigation of a year
and a half in the oil regions of Southern
California, that this State is a great un
developed oil region that must rival Penn
sylvania. A. S. Cooper, the Santa Barbara
oil expert, has said the same thing.
MINISTER TO JAPAN.
Edwin Dan After a Visit £ut Returns
to the Orient.
Edwin Dun, Minister to Japan, and his
daughter, Miss Helen Dun, arrived last
evening from their old borne in Columbus,
Ohio. On the 30tn mst. they will return to
Tokio, where the Minister will resume his
official duties. This is his first visit to the
United States since he went to Japan,
twelve years ago. He went to the Orient
as second secretary to the Legation, bis
appointment to the position having been
m:ide by President Arthur.
Upon President Harrison's election Mr.
Dun was promoted to secretary 10 the
K£W TO-DAY.
V, Jamaica
(jinger
f A bottle \
/ at hand and I
V a dose in II
\^ time J/
has .. saved thousands of people
from thousands of ' 'sick-spells ■
This preparation is no secret;
It is to-day what it ? was 75 years
— the best preparation of gin-
ger it is possible for man to \
make. It is made by the
FRED BROWN CO., Philadelphia.
■ Ask for It at your druggists. 'f Remember
the rule— bottle at hand and a dose
in time.
Officers of the Hellenic Benevolent Society of California, Who Are Raising a Fund to Supply 3lunitions
of War to Their Persecuted Countrymen on the Island of Crete.
legation. President Cleveland recognized
Mr. Dun's worth and promoted him to the
position of Minister to Japan. During the
Minister's visit at Washington he called
upon the President and heads of ihe Fed
eral departments. He states that the re
lationship between Japan and the United
States is as pleasant as could be desired,
and while at Washington neither the com
mercial nor the international relationship
between the two Governments was dis
cussed.
SEVEN NAVAL OFFICERS
They Have Been Recently Commis
sioned mid Arrive Here
for Duty.
Seven youne naval officers registered
at the Palace Hotel last evening and in a
short time they will be in active service.
A singular feature is that they are all
graduates ol the Annapolis Naval Acad
emy and are of the class of '94.
For two years they were on a cruise and
recently returned to the academy, where
they passed their final examination.
Ensign S. Graham comes from Oossopo
lis, Mich. He has been assigned to the
Oregon. Assistant Engineer Frank Lyon
comes from Eddyviile, Ky., and will also
go on the Oregon.
Engineer G. Gillam is of Jamestown, N.
Y. He will go to the Alert. Assistant
Engineer H. J. Cone is of Lake City, Fla.,
anu his berth is on the Philadelphia. As
sistant Engineer L. F. James is from
Hartsvihe, S. C. He will be attached to
the Monter.-y. Ensign R. McLean comes
from Murfreesborough, Term. He will be
with Graham and Lyon on the Oregon.
Ensign W. Pitt Scott is of Easton, Pa. He
has been assigned to the Yorktown of the
Asiatic squadron.
PRECINCT REGISTRATION.
Its Possibility Still an Ex
tremely Doubtful
Question.
Populists to Make a Strong Fight for
Two Officers on Precinct
Election Boards.
The possibility of precinct registration,
instead of approaching a certainty as the
days draw near election, on the other
band seems to become more iurolved.
Leading Populists term the system simply
a means of corruption, and lay upon it the
whole blame lor the trouble of two
years ago.
"I am a workingman," said one, "and I
do not see why other workingmen in the
City cannot afford one. day in two years
to go down to the City Hall to register,
where there is little chance of unfair
methods being used."
They cinim there is no oupervision in
piecinct registration and nearly 1000 men
are required to do the same work that ten
or fifteen at the City Hall could do much
better.
The main figbt now on the hands of
the State central committees of the Re
publican and Democratic parties is to bee
that good men are appointed to serve at
the different precincts at the time of
election.
A canvass is being made in the wards
for the names of those clerks, judges and
"nspectors that were published on the
black list of two years ago. As soon as
the Election Commissioners announced
the appointees for a certain ward a writ
ten protest is forwarded the board, to
which is appended a list of the men found
wanting in the balance two years ago.
This is done on the supposition that if
am an falls from grace once he is likely to
do so again.
It is said that the Board of Commission
ers are paying special attention to these
lists. They hold secret sessions at which
they appoint election officers and an
nounce the names when they are ready.
They are particularly careful that the
lists shall be authentic, and sometimes
demand to see the court records.
Between fifteen and twenty names have
been cited daily as unfit for appointment.
Eighteen will be cited to-day.
The Populists trill make a strong effort
to get two men from their party ap
pointed on the election board in each pre
cinct, instead of one, as the law really
allows.
A prominent Populist said yesterday:
"We do not want to get men on the board
»imply for what there is in it. We want
to watch and see that we get a square deal
when the ballots are being counted."
MAHER AND CHOYNSKI.
The Native Son Wants to Fight Manor
Here and Then lletire From the
King.
Peter Ma her and his manager, Connolly,
waited yesterday afternoon at the Bald
win expecting to see Joe Choynski on his
arrival from Howell Mountain. Choynski
did not show up, however, and as a matter
of fact there was nothing new in the way
of a fight taking place in this City be
tween Peter and Joseph.
Connolly received a dispatch from his
partner, Quinn, which stated that one
of the leading sporting clubs of New York
had bid |6000 lor a twenty-round contest
between the heavy-weights, the match to
take place in September.
Connelly stated that under the circum
stances he would net dream of matching
his protege against the Native Son for any
consideration short of $6000.
"We will co East on Thursday next,"
remarked Mr. Connelly, "unless some
ti.ing good turns up in tne meantime to
detain us here."
Eddie Graney, manager for Cboynski,
was seen last evening, and he said posi
tively that Choynski will not journey
East any more: that he proposed settling
down in this City, and that if Jdatier has
the remotest idea of meeting him the con
test must take place in this City under the
auspices of some of the local clubs.
"I judge that $45U0 j 8 a pretty good snm
of money to fight for nowadays," said
Graney, "and Maher must be dreaming
when he refuses to box eight rounds for
this money.
"He can return East after this contest
and meet some other man for one of those
promised purses, but you can state for a
/act that Choynr-ki has decided to quit
pugilism and settle down to business of
some kind in this Citj. This will be
Maher's last chance of meeting him, and
he had be tier get a move on himself."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 27, 1896.
ARMS AND FOOD
FOR THE CRETANS
California Greeks to Aid
Their Persecuted Coun
trymen.
MUCH MONEY COLLECTED
Hellenic Benevolent Society
Leads in the Soliciting
of Funds.
ALL THE GREEKS
President Demetrak of Berkeley Talks
Freely of the Cretan
Situation
BERKELEY, Cal., July 26.— The
Greeks of California are raising a fund to
supply munitions of war to their perse
cuted countrymen on the isle of Crete.
The recent dispatches concerning the
barbaric treatment received by the Hel
lenes at the hands of the Turks on the Cre
tan Island have caused nearly every native
Greek of America to turn his attention in
the direction of his mother country, and
to lend what assistance is possible from
this side of the Atlantic. The movement
by the Greek-Americans to supply funds
to purchase arms, ammunition and pro
visions for their maltreated countrymen
has been going on silently for the past six
weeks.
The Grecian benevolent societies in
nearly every State in the Union have been
raising money for this purpose. The tide
of sympathy and the desire to extend
financial aid to the Cretans have reached
this State. The Hellenic Benevolent So
ciety of California, the strongest of all the
Greek organizations on the Pacific Coast,
has taken up the matter and is making
•.'ood progress in the raising of a fund for
the defense of the Cretans against the
Turkish power, and for the re-establish
ment of the Grecian power over the
"green isle of the Mediterranean."
C. Demetrak, president of the Benevo
lent Society and a citizen of Berkeley, has
the work in charge. He, together with
the other three officers of the society, con
sisting of George t'undas, vice-president;
A. Papageorge, secretary, and A. Kosta,
treasurer, compose a committee appointed
by the society to take the work of secur
ing subscriptions in band.
They have been at the work for onjy a
short time, and already several hundred
dollars have been subscribed.
In an Interview to-day with a Cam, cor
respondent, Mr. Demetrak told of the
persecution which his people are now
forced to bear at the hands of the heart
less Turks in Crete, and of the work of as
sisting them with equipage for war, which
he and his associates had undertaken. He
said: "We are toing to collect all the
funds we possibly can for our persecuted
friends, the Cretans, who are now fighting
for their liberty against the dog-hearted
Turks.
"Every one knows the circumstances
surrounding the last troubles which the
Cretans have been having with the Turks.
Crete is one of the largest islands of the
Mediterranean Sea. It is a beautiful green
island ana tue pride of the Grecian archi
pelago because of its excellent climate, its
fertile soil, its nearness to the mainland
and its many historic associations. It has
a population at the present time of about
200,000 Greeks, besides the Turks and a
few other foreigners.
"The Cretans have been fighting against
the Turks many times during the last few
hundred years, but this struggle for their
rights will be the final one, because they
have made up their minds to secure lib
erty or perish in the attempt. They are
not asking for any held from any one, ex
cepting their mother — Greece. They say
they can, if left alone, run the Turkish
forces off the island and burn all the
Turkish ships, and set up in the middle of
the island the blue and white flag of
Greece. I believe that they can do all they
claim, for I know full well what the
Grecians who love their country are when
it comes to a matter of liberty, and the es
tablishment of their rights. Sometimes
the Grecian people have quarrels and dis
agreements among themselves, but when
there comes an issue of such importance
to our nation as the present one, we are
as one body — a single unit. We care not
for our lives so long as we can secure our
pos»erity their just heritage.
"Once Greece was the most prosperous
country in all the earth; then her power
and strength waned ; persecution came
upon us later and some of the stronger
powers of Europe attempted to overthrow
us entirely and to deprive us of what
little we had remaining. We are now de
termined, in the face of much opposition
and almost overwhelming difficulties, to
regain at least a portion of the territory
and authority that nas been snatched by
unclean bands from us.
"We are nol asking for anything but
justice. We want the property which be
longs to us, but which has been taken
from us by mightier powers. The great
countries of Europe pretend they are good
friends of Greece, but we know by this
tiroejthat they are most dangerous enemies.
They have promised often and often to
assist us in securing what really is ours.
We have become tired waiting for their
promises to be realized, and so now we do
not ask their help, for we do not need it.
All we want is to be let alone and we can
ol ourselves drive tue barbnrous Turks
from our midst and from all Europe — for
that matter, into Asia, where they belong.
"Lately I have learned through tele
grams from Athens that the great powers
of Europe nave requested the Grecian
Government to keep quiet and they would
take upon themselves the responsibility of
settlinp the Cretan question. They did
not wish the Grecians to send any ships of
war to help the poor Cretan mothers and
children who are suffering at the hands of
the Turkish forces, but wished that the
whole matter be left to them for adjust
ment. But we are certain now what the
European powers attempted to do in re
questing us to leave the settlement of the
diffii ulty to them. We do not intend to
ask their advice any longer, but have now
taken the matter in our own hands and
will pusn it to an issue. Just as fast as
money is raised here by our society we will
send guns, cartridges, swords, clothing and
provisions to the Cretans — our brothers —
in order that their rights might be pre
served.
"1 saw by a dispatch from Athens yes
terday that a party of Greek insurgents
had entered Macedonia and routed a de
tachment of Turkish troops at Kara-Tsari,
near Moussa, killine all but three out of
the band of eighty-three. I was pleased
to learn of this, and before long we will
hear more of the same kind of news, un
less the Turks recede and give the Gre
cians their rights and liberties.
I'Thoueh 1 am a native-born Bpartan,"
said Demetrak, 4i l am an American citi
zen through and through, but when I
hear of the wrong heaped upon my own
people and the struggle tney are having
for their rights, then I shall come to the
front and do all I can for their interests.
"We Greeks have recognized that the
American people have been kind to us in
the past, and have befriended us in many
ways, for all of which we are very thank
ful. We know that in any case when it
comes to a question of justice Americans do
the right thing, and we hope that in the
present struggle they will rssist ns in so
far as they can. We will be glad to re
ceive donations from all parties interested
in the promulgation of justice in foreign
countries, and especially in the restora
tion of the Grecian people to their author
ity over the Isle of Crete and in the pre
vention of further atrocities among them
at the hands of the Turks.
"As the Cubans have been persecuted
and have risen up to defend their rights,
so have we been trodden down, and will
protect our interests."
THE YOUNG OLD FRIENDS,
Preparing for an Entertain
ment Wednesday
Evening.
Miss Norine Jennings Has Been Se
lected to Take Charge of the
Festivities.
On Wednesday evening the monthly en
tertainment of the Sons and Daughters of
OM Friends will be eiven at California
Hall, 620 Bush street.
Miss Koiine Jennings has been elected
to preside over the entertainment and to
take a leading part in the preparations
which will go before. Miss Jennings is a
San Francisco girl. She is an enthusiastic
Miss >orine Jennings, Who Will Lead the Old Friends' Entertainment.
member of the order in which slie has
arisen to such prominence. She holds the
position of orgauist in the society, and has
always been an earnest promoter of these
social gatherings.
The chairman who presides at the enter
tainment is elected each time, and it is
his or her duty to provide or arrange for
a programme which will attract and
amuse, and by bringing out all the mem
bers cement that feeling ot good-fellow
ship which characterizes the Old Friends.
The Ihixtle Club* Smoker.
The San Francisco Scottish Thistle Club gave
lta monthly "smoker" in its rooms at 32 O'Far
rell street last Thursday evening. The affair
was largely attended ;-nd a very excellent pro
gramme, consisting of songs, recitations, in
strumental solos and the Tike, was rendered.
Refreshments were dispensed to all present,
and a thoroußhly enjoyable evening was spent.
The following participated in the programme:
Hugh Fulton. James Gillies, George Miller, J.
Hill, O. Heiidry, George W. Paterson, E. Kirk
wood, James Niven and Messrs. Rogers and
Hamilton.
A Tannery Bnrned Down.
rran* McAleer's tannery on Twenty-sixth
and Hampshire streets was entirely destroyed
by flre lait night shortly before- midnight. An
* larn J was sounded from box 286. It is be
lieved that the fire wan the work of an incen
diary, for two months ajro the tannery was
partly destroyed and on neither oeca-ion
the owner nor the Fire Department officials
found what caused the blaze.
■,£ "Ise «larrn of flre was sounded from box
158 at 12 :45 o'clock last nitrht.
Borrow on seaUkins.'illlu ana Jewels at Uncle
Harris . 16 Grant avenue.; -;:..
HOW THE LADY
MISSED THE SHOW.
And Louis W. Martin Was
Soundly Thrashed Next
Morning.
THE WIFE BEGAN IT.
Dow Williams, the Horseman,
Bravely Came to Her
Assistance.
BESSIE RYAN'S ACCIDENT.
A Clerk Dropped Into a Market-S'reet
Cafe and Was Kicked Down
stairs at Home. .
Dow Williams is a Creole horseman. He
has been behind and training running
horses the most of his life. So when he
rose up from his chair the other day and
began to pummel the face of Louis W.
Martin it is not astonishing that the blows
landed on Martin's physiognomy at a 2:04
pace.
Martin is a clerk in a prominent down
town store. He met on the street the
other day * handsome young woman,
Miss Bessie Ryan, eighteen years of age.
Martin used to know some of her rela
tions and insisted on claiming an acquain
tance with her on that account. She, on
this account, finally satisfied him by as
senting to receive his attentions.
Miss Ryan is a young woman of ele
gant figure, oval face, gray eyes and brown
hair. She has previously received some
public notice in reference to an acquaint
anceship with "Lucky" Baldwin. When
she appeared last night out at the resi
dence of Dow Williams on Clement street
she was the picture of attractive demure
ness in a negligee gown of blue. Miss
Ryan is charming in her simplicity, and
she increased the impression by having
nothing to say, or, rather, by being per
mitted to say nothing.
On a recent evening Miss Ryan accepted
an invitation from Mr. Martin to attend a
tneater. Mr. Martin was well known to
Mr. and Mrs. Dow Williams jand they did
not think it necessary, to chaperon the
young couple on their trip downtown.
But previous to going to their seats at
the show they strolled down Market street
and in a forgetful moment, productive of
much subsequent regret, dropped into a
fashionable cafe not a hundred miles from
Montgomery street. Soft lights and pic
torial art had tneir effect at the beginning.
From Napa soda and lemonade the
young couple passed to drink when it is
brown with a cuff on it, to wine when it
is red and to wine when it comes at $5 per
quart, heedless of the old injunction not
to look upon strong drink when it is rag
ing.
There was some excuse in this for the
demure young lady, for her physician had
pronounced her frail in health and rec
ommended port wine for her consump
tion.
But the itory does not end with the
wine. It seldom does. Young Martin,
the confidential clerk, became too confi-
dential. The jolly yet unhappy young
lady was too late for the theater and in no
mood to go home. She bad, unfortunately,
overestimated her capacity for the part
which puts roses in the cheeks and self*
assurance in the demeanor, and when the
time came to take a Geary-street car for
Richmond and beyond she declined to go
home. Morpheus was her resort, and to
him she had recourse, appealing to the
proprietress of adjoining rooms.
Miss Ryan is a stepdaughter of Dow
Williams. Wtoen young Martin appeared
the next day at the Clement-street resi
dence he came to "square himself." it is
said, and to explain how it happened.
The young lady had previously arrived
and explained bow it came that she missed
the theater and her usual hours of sleep in
her own bouaoir. She frankly told them
that though she spent all the nijrht alone
she did not want to come home while
under the accidental and unexpected "im
pression" of the cafe on MarKet street.
So when Mr. Martin reached the Clem
ent-street house be met with an astonish
ing reception. Mrs. Dow Williams got
into his hair for happening to "keep Miss
Ryan out until next day. Her reception
was so vigorous that he sought to protect
himself as best he could.
Then Mr. Williams came on to the scetie.
The result was very unhappy for Mr.
Martin. He was alone in the house of his
' '_;_.'._ [_ ." -,' raw TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.  ; ■/_ __ j
SPECIAL!
FCRTHER REDUCTION
IN PRICES !
Our customers and the public generally
are informed that during the present week
we will offer at GREATLY REDUCED
PRICES the balance of our SPRING AND
SUMMER GOODS. Attention is specially
directed to the following lines of goods in
the different departments :
40 pieces BLACK SERGE, 46 inches wide (Genuine English
G00d5). ..';............. 50c a yard
•>'•'- ■ ■ Reduced from 75c.
37 pieces 24-IXCH PRINTED I\DIA SILKS (good assortment)
............ ... ... — 50c a yard
Reduced from $1.00 and $1.25.
75 pieces HIGH NOVELTY DRESS GOODS (50 inches in width),
new colorings .50c a yard
Regular Price $1.00 a yard.
50 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, all sizes ...... ...85c each
Reduced from 6Oc.
200 pairs FINE NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, in both White and
Ecru $1.25 a pair
Worth $2.00.
1200 pieces GENUINE PRINCESS DUCKS and TAILOR-MADE
SUITINGS ..................... . . . ,8k a yard
Reduced from 12>£o.
THISLiHIFIIOISrHJ GRANT 184,
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET. ;
enemies; alone and surrounded by two
nemeses.
After receiving a drubbing at the hands
of his two foes that, for marks, Jim Cor
bett would have been proud of producing
on any blacksmith who would stand up
before him, youug Mr. Martin, who had
made one of the greatest errors of his
career, was forcibly assisted down the
stairs and into the street. His eyes ara
said to have the brown color of tomatoes
which have hung on the vines all winter,
and be has since been resting in his. room
from his clerkship.
The young, lady is frail and delicate.
The peach blossoms on her cheeks were
pale last night.
NAVAL ENGINEERS BLUE,
There Are Few Opportunities for
Promotion in Their
Work.
Bright Young Men Leave the Service
for Better Places in the
Busy World.
A great many men in the United States
navy are beginning to wonder what the
Government intends to do to maintain an
efficient service, now that the White
Squadron is growing great.
It is not generally known outside of
naval circles that there is great unrest
among the brighter young men that enter
the service because the pay and oppor
tunities for promotion are not great. A
number of old past engineers have been
investigating the matter lately and there
is a probability that steps will be taken at
an early day to urere legislation to make
the naval billets more attractive. " '
"I am about the only man I know who
is in a position to talk freely," said Presi
dent C. A. Wight of the Hawaiian Steam
ship Company at the Occidental Hotel a
few nights ago. Continuing, he said:
"Nearly all the bright young men leave
the engineering corps of the navy. They
see that they work harder than deck offi
cers, yet have almost no recognition and
few opportunities for the future. The
result is that they abandon the navy and
tatce up other callings. Those who re
main are overworked and often inefficient.
I know that there are not enough engi
neers on the great cruisers and battle
ships.
"1 know that there are men in respon
sible places who do not understand the
machinery they work with. As a result
tdere will be great youDle Borne day. It
seems to me that While Americans have
been building many fane ships they have
almost entirely overlooked the fact that
the provision caring for machinists and
engineers is antiquated and wholly unfit
for these times."
Continuing, Mr. Wight said: "I am
myself an example in point. I quit the
navy, becauss I saw that about $5 a day
was the limit, and because I saw that the
deck officers treated engineers with about
as much consideration as they would treat
a dog. I know of many other men who
have quit for similar reasons."
Dangerous Sport.
Con Ryan of Bernal Heights was arrested
yesterday for an assault with a deadly weapon.
On Saturday night Ryan was amusing himself
oy hurling large stoaes at the Bryani-street
electric cars and one of the missi'.es struck
Gabriel Zobel of Oakland on the head, inflict
ing a severe scalp wound.
A Witless Joke.
Morris Hennessy was arrested last night by
Officer Murphy for passing a coumerleit dollar
upon Patricjt Creighton, a saloon-keeper.
Hennessy acknowledged that he knew the
character of the coin, but he passed it as a joke
on tUe saloon-keeper.
These items from regular
stock same as we've sold
every day for years — never
buy job lots for special sales.
The last week of the
month is very dull in most
stores. Our special saving
sales keep us lively.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
— Tuesday — Wednesday
Macaroni lb ioc
. regularly 15c
Varieties: 1 macaroni, vermicelli,
spaghetti and Italian paste (letters
and numbers), La Favorita brand;
if we didn't import it we couldn't
sell so low.
Puree de foie gras tin 20c
regularly 25c
• The nicest thing for sandwiches.
Sardines . tin 15c
regularly 20c .
"Yawl Club" boneless, good oil.
Pineapple tin 15c
regularly 20c l
Sliced and whole — Singapore.
Castile soap bar 25c
regularly 30c (2 bars 45c)
French, white, made of olive oil;
excellent for the . skin. Fine for
bath.
O. F. C. Taylor whiskey
1 star bot 75c
3 " " $110
regularly $1 00 and $1 50
Distillery label. The product of
the famous old distillery of E. H.
Taylor Jr. Co.. Frankfort, Ky., is
well known. Each bottle bears
certificates of purity lrom three
great chemists.
, i
Catalogue free.
Mail orders have advantage of
these prices if posted on above
days. ■' ■ ■
NOTARY PUBLIC
/-IHAKLE3 H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY- AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 633 Market st, oppa*
Palace Hocel. Telephone 57a Keniawia* itU<i
ieUst. Telephoaat "Pin»" aa»l.
The most certain and safe rain Itemed^-. Instantly
relieves and soon euros all Colds,* Hoarseness, Sore
Throat, Bronchitis, > Congestions ' and - Infl»misi»«
tiou. > SUe per bottle, ■ ■ bold by DiuggiaK