VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 52.
STRAIGHT POPULISTS
ARE NOT TO BE SOLD,
Claim to Have Enough
Votes to Nominate
Candidates.
THEREFORE BRYAN MAY NOT
BE INDORSED.
Determined to Stand By the Omaha Plat
form and Select a Ticket of
Their Own.
Peculfar Characters That Cause One to Think
That St. Louis Is the Scene of a Rev
olution Instead of Two Na
tional Conventions.
"THE CALL'S" HEADQUARTERS, )
HOTEL LINDELL,
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 2i. )
Ninety-five Texan Populist delegates came cavorting up Broad*
■way to-day and took up their headquarters in the Southern Hotel.
They are middle-of-the-road steers and will not allow any Bryan
man to *' shoo " them off the track.
The straight Populists claim 700 of the 1300 delegates. They will
stand by the Omaha platform and nominate a ticket whether they
are in the majority or not.
The bimetallic delegations from California and Nevada arrived
this morning, headed by Sam P. Davis and ex-Senator Frank J. Mof
fitt of the programme wing of the Oakland Democracy. Sam did
some literary work under difficulties, but spared no . xpense, because
he did not want to fall down on his colleague, Ned Hamilton.
Senator Moffitt tackled the Texan delegation with an indecent
proposition to desert their platform and declare for Bryan. They
drank all his wine, smoked all his cigars and exclaimed " Nit,"
whereupon the Senator was grieved.
The National Reform Editorial Association adopted middle-of-the
road resolutions and nailed their colors to the mast.
All the hotels are crowded, prices have gone up and the noise and
discord of debate on political economy afflict the ear in all quarters.
Some remarks are also heard concerning a French revolution and an
American Charlotte Corday. JOHN PAUL COSGRAVE.
I ♦
IS IT A REVOLUTION?
Peculiar Aggregation Gathered at
St. Louis to Battle Before the
Conventions.
The Call's Headquartebs,}
Hotel Lixdell, >
St. Lot ip, Mo.. July 21. )
"Is the French revolution of 1798 about
to be repeated in America in 1896?" is the
question which one naturally asks as he
surveys the tumultuous mob of orators,
wild-eyed Populists and bronze-cheeked
silver men in the lobbies of the hotels here
in St. Louis.
Cheers were civen several times yester
day when the name of Eugene V. Debs
was proposed for the Presidency. Some
delegates are wearing a button on which
FREDERICK L. BAILEY of the Kansas Delegation, JloW Shouting
for Bryan at St. Louis.
is engraved a portrait of Altgeld of Illi
nois, and much of the argument that is
being made in the lobbies is in a strain
similar to that advanced by Herr Johann
Most, Mr. Aitgeld's pr-ceptor. For the
purposes of an American French revolu
tion Debs would make a good enough
Danton, Most would acceptably fill the
role of Marat, and Altgeld would make a
sufficiently good Robespierre for all prac
ti' al purposes. The Charlotte Corday
would be furnished by the people next
November; her dagger the ballot, which
would wipe out the revolution, rjot as that
ot France was washed out in a bath of
blood, but by the all-availing DOtency of a
sovereign people.
Two thousand six hundred Populist del
The San Francisco Call.
epates, alternates and champions and
2400 silver convention delegates and alter
nates are now on the ground, a most for
midable army. There is no music of brass
bands, no flaunting of rich silken, golden
embroidered and golden tasseled banners,
no flags bearing the portraits of candidates
of the different factions for the two highest
offices in the gift of the people, not any
of the paraphernalia of the ordinary polit
ical convention, but the simple badge
worn on the coat forms the stage setting
for these two ever-to-be memorable gather
ings, while the voice of argument pitched
high and ferociously and the waving of
hats and the shaking of clenched fists are
the only music and beating of time t; at
would harmonize with tuis strange over
ture of political discord.
It is a strange rumbling of inconsisten
cies. Debs, the man who two years ago
led a class revolution against the laws of
the United States and against the recog
nized ritrht of every man to earn 'his bread
by the sweat of his brow, is being urged
for the Presidency of the Nation whose
foundations he bad attempted to under
mine. Altgeld, the man who placed the
gubernatorial seal of approbation upon the
actsofthe bomb-throwing anarchists at the
Chicago Hay market by striking the shack
les from the limbs and the stripes from the
clothing of three of those murderers, is
one of tte acknowledged leaders ol the
party which is tilling the hotel lobbies of
St. Louii with shouters for the election of j
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MOKNING, JULY 22S4«Wi.
IGNATIUS DONNELLY, Scholar and Jluthor. Wfto Stands by the Populist Colors and
Demands an Independent Course.
In outlining his policy to a Call correspondent at St. Louis Mr. Donnelly said: "We believe the People's party is important
to all the people of the world on other questions than that of silver. If we move all our forces into the Democratic boat and the
Eastern wing of that party gets possession of that boat and scuttles it and we all go to the bottom together it would require diving
bells and derricks and grappling-irons to ever put the People's party back where it now stands. We are ready to pat our Demo
cratic friends on the back and call them good boys and tell them that in four years more they will be as enthusiastic over the
demand for Government ownership of railroads aa they are for free silver, and when they resolve (in the language of the Omaha
platform) that wealth belongs to him who creates it, and that every dollar taken from labor without an equivalent is robbery, and
that if any man does not work neither shall he eat, then we will talk about dissolving the People's party and joining their crowd."
Bryan — he a pet of the revolutionists
raised by the breath of a disloyal mob to
the head of the ticket of a great party be
cause he happened to be a good elocution
ist and wept crocodile tears over the
crucifixion of a man of straw upon a cross
of gold. Johann Most is not being cheered,
nor has his name been placed upon the
Democratic ticket for a high position in
the councils of the Nation, but that is be
cause be happens to be a native of a for
eign country and has not sworn allegiance
either to the Democratic or Republican
party.
In ibe Bwdst of all this turmoil, in the
! midst of this turbulent mob of wolnsh in
■ terests. whose yelps disturb the quiet of
I ihia city, stand the Populists, their ears
I besieged with prayers, pleadings, cajoles,
wrath, imprecations, promises of bribes
and threats of ruin — all this noisy conten
tion being for the purpose of loosening
their house on the platform ouiit by the
loyal men of the party at Omaha, and of
inducing them to put their shoulders to
the wheel of the party which they repudi
ated years and years ago in disgust, and
to lift it out of the quicksands of defeat
and despair.
Loyal Populists cheered when ninety
five Bturdy Populist delegates from Texas
came into the city carrying aloft the ban
ner of their faith and shouting, "No com
promise; keep in the middle of the road,
for principle and country." Magnificent
specimens of manhood are the Texans
tall, sinewy, sunburned, without an ounce
«f superfluous flesh, vigorous and as wiry
and as hardy as the pouies which they
ride iii t.eir own country. If they don't
like a man or a thing they blurt out their
dislike with the candor of an Indian in his
native wilds. A Texan will share wiih hia
comrade his last dollar, will divide his
coat in two to keep the cold blasts from
the shoulder of a needy friend. He fights
like an Indian, he loves like an Indian
and he hates with the intensity of a sav
age. They came here whooping from the
cars to the aristocratic Southern Hotel
into their quarters, a large parlor on the
ground floor, to the great surprise of the
slow-going St. Louisans and to the great
joy of the middle of the roadsters
who saw these strange wild men trooj..
Each man wore a white badge bear
ing as its prominent emblem a single star <
— the lone star of Texas.
Many of them wore the G. A. R. copper
button, a badge which symbolizes honor
more truly than the cross of tne Legion
of Honor, for it is a matter of history that
the Legion of Honor has been made sub
ject to barter and sale. Many of them had
also worn the gray, and fought for the lost
cause with the same enthusiasm, the same
devotion, the same self-sacrifice, the same j
conscientiousness, the game loyalty, the
same love of home as that displayed by
their brothers who wore the blue. For the
tirst time since the close of that bloody
war these two, representative of the North
and of the South, march shoulder to
shoulder, with all the old-time hatreds,
all the old animosities, all the pangs and
bitterness ot the direful past buried and
forgotten in the grave of a common cause
And above It, gladdening the eves alike of
the blue and the gray, grows the greenery
of the Populistic faith. They are men
who would fight at the drop of a hat, with
out pausing to take note of its color or
fashion. They are men of ihe "up-and-a
coming class, of the "get there rowel-deep
in blood" kind of rough riders in the race
of life. Above all they are a: true as steel.
I asked one of those long-Laired, bearded
men as to how his delegation stood on the
middle-of-the-road proposition.
"Solid as . We have come in here
with our fighting breeches on niuety-hve
strong and propose to make a rodeo of the
traitors on the floor of that convention,"
he whooped.
Then they went to the middle-of-the
road headquarters three blocks away and
signed the roll in a chirography as is
not seen on the ledger of a counting-house,
but it was a good, maniy fist that meant
what it said and needed no indorser.
So great is the crowd and so much is the
confusion that the middle-of-the-road peo
ple are not yet fully organized and don't
expect to be until late in the evening. But
they all understand that they are here as
Continued on Second i'age.
BOUND ONLY
W SILVER,
Upon One Lonely fsstte Are
the Two Conventions
United.
ARE DIVIDED UPON ALL
OTHER aUESTIONS.
Three Hundred Silver Delegates
Out of Thirteen Hundred
Chosen in Attendance.
FACTIOUS OF THE POPULISTS
YET FIGHTING.
But There Are Rumors of a Deal by
Which Bryan L to Receive
Indorsement.
Headquarters United Press, J
South f.kn Hotel. V
fcT. Louis, Mo., July 21.)
The "Siamese Twin" conventions wh'rh
will meet here to-morrow in different
halls, Dut at the same hour, will have as
the ligature that bindß them together in a
settled purpose only the free-silver plank
of the Chicago platform. There is no at
tempt to disguise the truth that on all
other issue* the two conventions will be
hopelessly divided.
"The National Silver party," whose call
was issued January 4, 1896, stated that the
paramount issue it had to consider was
"the gold standard, gold bonds and bank
currency on the one side and the bimetal
lic standard, no bonds and Governm nt
currency «n the other."
On this platform a representation of
| 1318 votes was proposed for the "National
Silver Convention." Tins representation
was apportioned with a basis of one for
each Senator and Representative in Con
gress, and then additional delegates added
in accordance with the silver votes of the
several States as recorded by the Bimetal
lic Union. Not more than 300 of these
straight silver delegates are recorded as
present in the city, and scarcely more
than thßt number are likely to be present
when Dr. J. J. Mott of North Carolina
calls the convention of silver men to order
to-morrow.
The representation of the "People's
party," or, as it is generally termed, the
"Pop-iliMt" party of the United States,
was establisheil on a niMo which should
have yielded 1358 delegates and 076 alter
nates — a total of 2034. Chairman Tau
beneck, who is not the least sanguine of
the executive officers of the People's party,
does not venture to anticipate a larger
attendance than 1000 delegates and alter
nates to-morrow.
The National Silver party is to meet in
what is known as the Music Hall. Its
course will be all plain sailing. It has
only one purpose in view— the indorse
ment of free coinage of silver. It will
listen with more or loss attention to long,
scholarly addresses from Pranais G. New
lands of Nevada, the Silverite Congress
man, its chosen temporary president, and
from William P. St. ♦John of New
York, ex-banker, who will be its perma
nent president. This body will in all
probability follow its programme, which
is to indorse the Chicago nominees on the
silver plank, issue an address to the
people and either adjourn in short order
or prolong its session by speeches until its
more turbulent neighbor has concluded its
proceedings.^
The People's party will assemble in the
same hall which recently echoed with the
name of McKinley as the Republican nom
inee. As to what its corrse of procedure
will be, the claims of the two factions are
to-night quite as divergent as they have
ever been; The presence of Senator Jones'
of Arkansas, chairman of the Democratic
National Executive Committee, and his
frequent interviews with prominent Popu
\i a iG . dale te s, .has. natural iy given . rise
to ; rumors ' that 5 a 1 "deal' " was on , which
would secure the. indorsement of Bryan
and Eewall by the convention and such a
recognition of the People's party as would
induce \ them ; to, sink for the time being
their own identity.' • , \t ,
Against this theory Mr. Taubeneck,
chairman of the People's party, interposes
the strongest kind of a disclaimer, assert
ing with vehemence that the Populists
intend to nominate candidates of their
own upon a platform of their own.
There has been all day strong talk of
nominating a Southern Populist for the
second place on the ticket, even if Bryan
should secure sufficient strength to be in
dorsed for first place. But shrewd man
ipulators who are managing matters say
that "the tail goes with the hide," and
that if they carry Bryan through (of which
they huve no doubt) Sewall will follow.
The middle-of-the-road men, on the
other hand, are claiming to have carried
everything before them. They held a
meeting to-night and counted twenty
States as with them in a determination
not to indorse the Chicaeo ticket. But
their opponents assert that they counted
all the recalcitrant Bryan men as repre
senting their States, whereas the full del
egation, if polled, would have been ad
verse to them.
Both sides seem at a loss to estimate
the significance of the selection of Senator
Marion Butler of North Carolina by the
National Committee as the temporary
chairman of the convention. He has been
claimed by each faction and appears not
to have committed himself irrevocably to
either. This may possibly explain his
unanimous selection as the temporary
presiding officer of the convention.
That it will be a picturesque and curi
ously interesting gathering is already as
sured. Among those to be present are
General Weaver of lowa and Mr. Streator
of Illinois, both former candidates for the
Presidency on the Populist ticket, and
General Fields of Virginia, candidate four
years ago for the Vice-Presidency.
Eugene V. Debs of railroad strike and
injunction fame telegraphs from Indian
apolis that he will endeavor to be present
to-morrow. His lieutenant, Burns, who
shared his imprisonment, is one of the
contesting delegates from Illinois. Mrs.
Helen Goutner, Mrs. Mary Ellen Lease,
"Gen ral" Jacobs. Coxey and Carl Browne
are among the other possibilities who will
intermix with the grizzled wheat farmers
of the West, the cotton planters of the
South and the enthusiastic new converts
from the East and Middle States who will
go to make up the convention.
FOR INDEPENDENT ACTION
Reform Association Editors Come
Out Flat- Footed Against Fusion
or Indorsement.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 21.— The Reform
Press Association, composed of editors of
Populist and free-silver newspapers, met
in the headquarters of the Texas Populists
this forenoon. A committee whose mem
bers were J. M. Maliett of Texas, A. P.
Tugwell ot Washington, A. G. Brown of
Massachusetts, Frank Burkett of Missis
sippi, M. W. "\Vilkins of California and Ig
natius Donnelly of Minnesota, reported an
address which was flat-footed for inde
pendent action by the Populist conven
tion. It denounced fusion or coalition
with either of the old parties, and declared
emphatically against the indorsement of
Mr. Bryan.
The reading of the address was followed
by a stormy scene. It was put through
with a rush, however, and the Kansas
members of the association walked out of
the room in emphasis of their disap
proval.
SUITES SOLID FOR
BRYAN AID SEWALL.
Democratic Nominees to
Be Indorsed by White
Metal Men.
THE MONEY QUESTION THEIR
ONLY CONCERN.
All Other Great National Issues Now Absorb*
ing the Public's Attention to
Be Ignored.
An Effort to Be Made to Influence the Joint Com
mittee to Recommend Similar Action
on the Part of the Populists
of the Nation.
The Call's Headquarters,)
Hotel Lin dell, >
St. Louis, Mo., July 21. )
When the National Silver Convention
meets to-morrow it will present a solid
front for Bryan and Sewall. There is no
discord, no dissensions, no entanglements.
The Silver party is a unit for indorsement.
There is really no reason why the conven
tion should be held at all. Bryan and
Sewall are the favorites of the silverites,
and their indorsement by the convention
is merely a formality. Apart from this,
the convention will recite the old story of
16 to 1 and religiously ignore all the other
great questions now absorbing the thought
of the American people. The convention
will make a strong appeal for harmony.
By its united attitude it hopes to influence
the Populists, and its conference commit
tee will make a hard fight to bring about
a recommendation by the joint committee.
Temporary Chairman Newlands is pre
paring his speech to-night. It will not be
a lengthy one, but will deal tersely with
the duties of the convention as Mr. New
lands interprets it. Mr. Newiands will
tell the convention that the surest way
for the triumph of the silver cause is to
accept the nominees of the Chicago con
vention. Permanent Chairman St. John
will deliver an elaborate speech. It will
review the history of our financial systems,
and will be such a speech that the
National Committee will have it printed
and generally distributed over the country.
The California and Nevada delegates are
taking an' active part in the affairs of the
convention. They ara working diligently
to sidetrack the anti-Bryan faction.
George W. Baker and Charles D. Lane are
especially conspicuous in the silver ranks
and are making an aggressive right for
silver. At the headquarters open house
is kept, and when a middle-of-the-road
Populist wanders in he comes out minus
the little white ribbon which distinguished
him from other delegates. Ihe Califor
nians always make a good impression at
National gatherings in the East. The del
egation has a supply of California wines
always on tap, and everybody is made
welcome. Discussing the situation here
to-day, Mr. Lane gave out this statement:
"There is not enough money in this
country. Silver is as much money as
gold is, not only made so by the constitu
tion of our fathers, bat is so intrinsically.
By tne most diabolical legislative act in'
the history of a free people and through a
most damnable and selfish conspiracy the
legislators of the country cut off half the
supply of our currency. In doing this it
doubled the purchasing power of the
favored metal, and in the same ratio de
creased the prices of all commodities. The
consequence was a general depression,
produced by the scarcity of the purchas
ing power. This thing has gone on until
the people can stand it no longer. They
have got to have relief. Talk about revolu
tion ! Of course there is a revolution going
on and no human force can stop it. The
y\. JROZELLE, Ghairman of the Missouri State populist Gommittee, a
Member of the National Gommittee, and Secretary of the
Reform J^ress Association.
PRICE FIVE CENTS,
tariff is not to be discussed. That is a
dead issue compared with the demand for
financial relief.
"When historians talk about taxation
without representation being the cause of
the American revolution, they mistake
the fact. It was the lack of money with
which to pay taxes that made the
colonists rebel against England. If Eng-
I land had piovided them with sufficient
currency we would to-day be the subjects
jof Queen Vie. Then it was British
i bayonets; now it is British gold, if any
thing, more unsparing and ruthless in its
exactions. No, I don't own a cent
in a silver mine. Ail my interests
are in gold, but that does not blind me to
the wants and needs of my less fortunate
countrymen. We are going to indorse
I Bryan and Sewali, and no power on earth
| can defeat them. McKinley hasn't got
I all the money in the country at his com
j mand. The people have some funds left
| yet. They are willing to do the right
| thing, and we must see to it that in their
j poverty they are kept free from the
temptations of the plutocrats."
Senator John P. Jones of Nevada, who
I is among the late arrivals in the conven-
I tion city, is doing some missionary work
for Bryftn and Sewall. He says that the
Populists are unreasonable and that they
should support the Democratic ticket
without any hesitation. Like the other
silver men the Senator is an enthusiast.
The Chicago convention, he said, adopted
a platform that should satisfy all the Pop
ulists and all others who are in favor of
the remonetization of silver. The road to
success is to support the Democratic nom
inee.
"I can see no other way. If we can get
together now we will achieve the greatest
; victory that was ever achieved in the his-
I tory of American politics. If we cannot
show these conditions to the men who
don't want to indorse Bryan I cannot see
any other course but to go on ourselves
and indorse Bryan. Mr. Bryan sided with
the Populists in the State of Nebraska,
and all the Populists of that State, I un-
I derr-tand, are enthusiastic for him.
I would suggest that the Bimetal*
lie convention pass a resolution
indorsing Bryan. This may have a great
influence with the Populist Convention.
If we are going to do anything we must
do it quick. We must argue with each,
man and show him that we can achieve
greater results by unifying the forces. If
each man shall make himself an agent
and do everything he can to help the great
cause along, we cannot help but succeed.
The quicker we act in unifying the forces
now at our elbows the better. We will be
sure then of not only indorsing Mr. Bryan
but will surely elect him this fall."
W. O. H. Harvey is here helping to push
the silver wave along.
"The Silver party is all right," said Mr.
I Harvey, "but the Populists are in bad
j shape. Everything is all mixed up. The
] middle-of-the-road fellows seem to be in2
the lead, and I don't know what will come
of it. The delegates from the South insist
strenuously on preserving their party or
ganization. That is making a lot of
trouble. As I understand their position,
the middle-of-the-rcad fellows are willing
to take Bryan, but they want the Vice-
President. They are offering to nominate
a Presidential candidate who shall be a
mere figurehead. Then the Presidential
-electors in the various states are to be
chosen on the basis of the respective votes
of the Democratic and Populist parties.
For instance, take Arkansas. Say the
vote there is at the rate of one Populist to
ten Democrats. The Populists would
then be allowed one elector. They would
have separate tickets, tbe same electors
being on each and each with its own State
candidates. In this way the Populist or
ganization would be preserved. The
understanding wonld be that all Populists
would desert their candidate and vote for
Bryan, but in return they would expect
the Democratic electors to vote for their
candidate for Vice-President. Here is
where the difficulty is. Governor Stone
was saying yesterday that he was sorry
now that he "had not been given the second
place on the ticket so tbat he might with
draw from the race and clear up the situa
tion."
"I am sorry, too," put in Mr. Collins,
"but as things now are the Democrats
cannot accept any such a proposition. No
one has any authority to do so."
Mr. Harvey freely admitted that ho
could not forecast now what thp outcome
would be, but as to the outlook in Novem
ber Mr. Harvey is quite sanguine.
"I do not believe," he said, "that we
will be able to carry any of the Eastern
States. To me it seems to be a waste of
energy to make any very great effort in
that section. The States south of the Po
tomac and Ohio rivers and west of the
Missississippi River, if carried by Bryan,
would give him a majority of fifteen elec
toral votes. In these sections there are
but five doubtful States. Concentrate your
energies on tnem and carry them."
"Would you let Illinois, Ohio and In
diana go?"
"No, I don't mean that. Keep up the
fight there, too, but let particular effort be
made in the five doubtful States in the
"\Ver-t and South. Now, Mr. Collins, there,
believes that we will carry New Yortc. I
cannot see it that way. I do not believe
in underestimating the opposition, and
that's why I say the East is lost to us."
"But," interrupted Mr. Collins, "while
you have been a political educator for the
last two years I have been a political
barometer. You have been in the school
room ; I have been out among the people.
I know how they feel, and I am not over
estimating our strength when I say that I
we will carry New York and some of the
other Eastern States."
"Coin" Harvey does not look to be more j
than 36 years of ape. He is tall and slen- I
der, with a rather handsome face. His j
complexion is dark, apparently tanned by !
the sun. A close-cropped mustache some
what hides the lines of Lia mouth. He
looks anything but a deep student of ab
struse economic questions, appearing
rather as a man of the world; one whom
the world might cali "a good fellow."
Colonel Carl Browne, the erstwhile lieu
tenant of General Coxey, came in yester
day and this morning met his father-in
law, the general. The meeting was not
quite as warm as St. Louis weather. It
will be remembered that when Coxey
marched on Washington his daughter, ar
rayed in the garb of ihe Goddess of Peace,
attracted great attention in the capital
city. She caugnt the furtive glances of the j
handsome Californian, and thereby hangs '
a tale. The Goddess of Peace stepped off i
her pedestal and became Mrs. Browne.
Now the dashing Carl has a beautiful wife
■with golden curls and a sparkling eye, and
General Coxey has had an empty spot
Bomewhere, from which he banished his
daughter. But like all melodramas, this
one turns out happily at last.
'•Every vestige of differences between
father and ourselves has disappeared and
I am so glad," said Mrs. Browne.
"The reconciliation was effected yester
day," said Mr. Browne, "and I am soon to
become managing editor of Mr. Coxey'a
paper and will return to Ohio."
Browne attracted a great deal of atten
tion about the hotel corridors to-day. He
is as handsome as ever, though his neatly
trimmed whiskers are turning gray. He
was clad in a Prince Albert suit and high
heeled cowboy boots. His hat is a large
wnite sombrero of tbe New Mexican type
and projects far over his shoulders. Browne
is from Washington. He said :
"Our delegation, of which I am chair
man, is instructed for Bryan. Aside from
tbat lam a stanch supporter of Bryan. I
think that he is the reincarnation of An
drew Jackson. He is at heart a Populist
and in sympathy with the cause of
humanity, which we advocate."
Nearly all the delegates to the two con
ventions are in town to-night.
Frakk McGuire.
GEORGE BAKER HONORED.
Requested to Preside Over the De
liberations of the Silver
Convention.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 2L— There was a
spirited meeting in the headquarters of
tne California delegation at the Southern
Hotel to-Diebt. The silver delegates from
tbe different States west of the Missis
sippi met for the purpose of considering a
plan of campaign upon which all the sil
ver forces miuht unite. There were some
150 silver delegates present. Franic Mof
ritt of Oakland sprung the name of George
W. Baker of San Francisco for temporary
chairman of the silver convention.
Mr. Baker took the floor and in a tem
perate address declined the honor. He
said that since Mr. Newlands had been
selected by the National Committee it
would be a discourtesy to him as a cham
pion of silver to be replaced by another.
Then Mr. Baker was asked to be
a candidate for the permanent chair
manship in place of St. John. He
also declined this honor, because
he thought tbat St. John, who had
been the head of a t;reat banking institu
tion and was generally known as a great
financier and friend of silver, would emi
nently fill the place.
The California silver delegation has
aroused great enthusiasm for the cauue.
The leaders are active and determined.
Frank McQuibe.
THE SILVER COMMITTEE.
Officers of the Convention Chosen
and Plans Considered to Per
petuate Organization.
ST. LOUIB, Mo., July 21.— The Na
tional Committee of tbe National Silver
party met this morning at the Lindell
Hotel, but after a brief session a recess
was taken until 1 o'clock, when a secret
session was held at Dr. Mott's room at the
same hotel. George P. Keeney of Cali
fornia presided.
One of the features of the afternoon ses
sion of the committee was a speech made
»y Mr. Battell, the member from Ver
mont. Mr. Battell created considerble en
thusiasm when he asserted that tne farm
ers of Vermont were in open revolt agaiust
•xisting conditions. He aid noi predict
that Bryan and Sewall would carry Ver
mont, but be asserted that the Republican
majority in the State would be greatly re
duced.
Mr. Foster of Oregon, speaking to the
proposition that it was very essential that
the Silver party should continue their
organization as an independent political
body with which Republicans and Demo
crats could both consistently unite in
their support of free silver, asserted that
Bryan and Sewall would carry Oregon by
a majority o! at leasl 10,000.
This question of maintaining the silver
organization was one which occupied the
committee's attention during a greater
part of the afternoon session. It was
strongly advocated by Devine of Nebraska,
who believed -that it would attract many
independent voters who could not be in
duced to join either of the old parties, but
who place the cause of silver above all
other National issues.
All of those who :-poke strongly favored
the proposition.
George \V. Thompson of the State of
Washington was elected to a place on the
committee and following this came the
appointment of a special committee con
sisting of Senator Jones of Nevada and
Messrs. Stevens of Colorado, Baker of
California, Thompson of Washington and
Devine of Nebraska to draft an address to
the public calling upon all friends to sup
port Bryan and Sewall. There was some
discussion as to the length that the con
vention should remain in session. It is
not unlikely from the sentiments ex
pressed that the silver men may not ad
journ for three days.
At to-night's session it was decided to
appoint Congressman Towne of Minne
sota first vice-chairman of the convention.
The committee ratified at the same time
the selection of Messrs. Newlands of Ne
vada and Bt. John of New York temporary
chairman and permanent chairman re
spectively.
BUILDING PLATFORMS.
Sliver Men Stand for Free Coinage
Alone, While Populists Are
Yet Undecided.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 21.— 1t is probable
that the platform of the Silver Convention
will consist of a declaration of principles
demanding a restoration of the former
metallic money— gold and silver. Unless
the present programme is changed this
declaration will be worded as follows:
Be it Retolred, That over and above all other
questions of policy we are in favor of restoring
to the people of the United States the time
honored money of the constitution— gold and
silver— not ona^ but both— the money of Wash
ington and Hamilton and Jefferson and Mon
roe and Jackson and Lincoln, to the end tbat
the American people may receive honest pay
for an honest product; the American debtor
j Days his just obligations in an honest standard
j and not in a standard that is appreciated 100
j per cent above all the' great staples of our
j country; and to the end, further, tbat silver
j standard countries may be deprived of the
unjust advantage they now enjoy in the differ
ence in exchange between gold and silver— an
advantage which tariff legislation alone can
not overcome.
Vie therefore confidently appeal to the peo
ple of the United States to leave in abeyance
for tbe moment ail other questions, however
important and momentous they may appear,
to sunder, if needs be, all former party ties
and affiliations ana unite in one supreme
effort to free themselves and their children
from the domination of the money power— a
power more destructive tban any which has
ever been fastened upon the civilized xaen of
any race or in any age. And upon the con
summation of our desires and efforts we invoke
the gracious favor of Divine Providence.
The present intention is to supplement
this by an address to the American people
1 which is now being prepared. Senator
Jones of Nevada is the guiding S p| r jt in its
construction, and it will set out in suc
cinct and terse terms the aims and desires
of those who seek the reopening of the
American mints to the coinage of silver.
At a late hour to-night it looks as if the
Populists will adopt the Chicago platform
with certain modifications intended to
make it conform more nearly to the views
of the delegates. At least that is tbe
opinion of tbe Bryan men, who claim to
be in control of the convention and in a
position to dictate tbe platform.
It is pointed out in this connection that
inasmuch as Mr. Bryan has signified bis
willingness to accept the nomination at
the bands of the Populists it would be
unwise for the friends of free silver to em
barrass him by making the platform so
radical as to offend any element of tbe
Democratic party. Believing that this
is the logical conclusion to be reached,
the Bryan men ieel that the convention
will not run the chance of losing free sil
ver by a too stubborn insistence upon
other matters, which they hold are
not at this particular time essential.
On the other hand it may be said that a
vigorous fight will be made for an inde
pendent platform and the nomination of
Bryan upon it. It remains to be deter
mined just how much of a following this
element will have.
To-night, however, men high in the
councils of the Democratic party who are
here for the purpose of watching the situ
ation and molding public sentiment, ex
press their entire satisfaction with the re
sults as they seem to have been deter
mined up to this hour, and this is con
strued to mean that a very thorough un
derstanding has been reached respecting
the lines unon which the Populist plat
form will be drawn.
The claim of the middle-of-the-road
Populists that they have developed suf
ficient strength to defeat Bryan is ridi
culed by the latter's friends. Fred Bailey
of Kansas, secretary of the Bryan steer
ing committee, says that reports received
from their sub-committee indicate that
Bryan will have at least 800 of the 1358
votes in the convention and that appear
ances now indicate his practically unani
mous nomination. Bailey is not so cer
tain of tna Vice-Presidency. The opposi
tion to Sewall among the Southern dele
gates, who are friendly to Bryan, he says,
is very strong.
The platform as outlined by Mr. Bailey
will cover the following points: Govern
ment control of railroads and telegraphs;
a fiat-looted declaration against National
banks of issue; sufficient amount of cur
rency to conduct the business of the coun
try on a cash basis ; the free coinage of
silver at a ratio of 16 to 1 ; free homes for
the Territories; a tariff plank recommend
ing a still further reduction of tariff duties
and a reamrmation of the plank in former
platforms with reference to public lands.
Neither woman suffrage nor prohibition
has been mentioned.
Indiana Jietnoeratt.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., July 21.-The
Democratic State Central Committee in
session to-night heard encouraging re
ports from every district. It was decided
there should be no deiay in opening the
campaign and therefore August 15 was
fixed for large meetings v every county
in the State. A resolution indorsing, with
out reservation or qualification, Bryan and
Sewall and the platform upon which they
stand was unanimously adopted.
Search la Superintendent.
HOLYOKE. Mass.. July 2L-Preston W.
Search of Los Angeles, Cal., was elected
Superintendent of Schools to succeed F.
L. iiirklund tc-nieht on the iourth ballot.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1896.
STRAIGHT POPULISTS
ARE NOT TO BE SOLD
Continued from Firtt Page.
Populists and that there is to be no com
promise. They claim at headquarters 700
and more votes of the total of 1300 dele
gates to the convention. Among the
States which they assert are solid for them
are: Arkansas with 26 votes, Texas 95,
Georgia 61, Mississippi 18. Tennessee 53,
New York 44. Maine 9, California 39, North
Carolina 95, Missouri 38, Minnesota 56 and
a majority of the Indiana, Ohio and lowa
delegations, besides scattering votes in al
most all the remaining States.
"They can't work any unit rule in thia
convention, for the reason that you can't
gag a Populist. If there is one man in
the delegation opposed to all the rest he
is entitled to a vote and a voice in the con
vention," said a delegate this morning.
A mixed lot— Democrats, Populists and
Republicans— arrived from California this
morning in the roll of delegates to the
Bimetallic League to take part in the pro
ceedings of the silver convention. Among
them are: Hon. Frank J. Moffitt, a red
hot programme Democrat from Oakland;
HugoHornlein, a silver Populist, formerly
of Sacramento and now proprietor of the
Cafe Royal in San Francisco; Robert Mc-
Killican, a Democratic contractor of Oak
land ; Dr. E. H. Woolsey, formerly of the
Southern Pacific Hospital in Alameda
County; George Baker, a high officer in
the Bimetallic League of California, and
Charles R. Lane, partner of Alvinza Hay
ward in the Utica mine at Angels Camp,
Calaveras County, Cal. Mr. Lane is being
urged by Senators Jones and Stewart to
make the fight for United States Senator
from California on the proposition that he
would be a good object lesson, he being an
advocate of the free coinage of silver and
at the same time the owner of a gold mine.
He telegraphed this morning to William
Kitchener of the New York Exchange that
on to-morrow, July 22, he would have in
this city $100,000 in gold coin to wager in
any amounts that Bryan will be the next
President of the United States. Hugo
Horlein told me that the Populists of Sac
ramento County are unanimous for free
coinage and Bryan.
Alii Reed, organizer of the second dis
trict of the lowa middle-of-the-roadsters,
in charge of the headquarters here, said
to-day:
"If the enactment of a free coinage law
should be the result of the election in the
fall it would compel the creditor class of
the United States to use less than 8 per
cent of their yearly income to buy up and
corner the yearly silver product of the
world and then we would be no better off
than at present, for so long as we have a
metallic money t*>e monopolizing of our
finances will continue. We will never be
safe until we have a money as sound as the
integrity of our country, because it is based
on the integrity of our country; a money
tniit we will not bave to depend upon the
success of one class of industry — miners—
for, but a money that will expand as our
need lor it— our business — expands, be
cause based on our credit that expands
with our industries.
"To-day we look back on four years of
work for reform that has brought 2,000,
--000 people together in advocacy of princi
ples that, when once triumphant, will bo
a blessing to all mankind. God grant that
we may show stability of purpose suffi
cient to carry on this great work without
being carried away by the alluring of a
barren victory or the glitter of spoils, for
if we are true to our principles and labor
on with steady hands and hopeful hearts
only a few years and victory will crown
our efforts for the emancipation of hu
manity, and man will once more enjoy his
God-given right to life, liberty and the
pursuit of happiness.
"The more united the effort the sooner
the victory; but if there be those who
think they are doing more eood by leav
ing our ranks and forming a union with
others, with much regret we will hare to
let them go; bat it would be absurd to
think that we would follow them. Those
in wnora the conviction lies that the
Democrats of the Omaha platform are a
safe and sure cure for our present ills and
for whom a barren victory has no allure
ments can only fight out for th«t which
they believe to berii<ht, regardless of what
the leaders may do, realizing that a union
of forces on the Weaver-Taubeneck plan,
if it were successful, would deliver a con
trolling interest of our party into the
hands of those opposed to our principles,
rob us of our organization (if we sub
mitted) ; and the victory being fruitless,
would create distrust in the minds of the
people against future efforts.
"For over a year the single-plankers
have been hot on our track trying to edu
cate the Populists out of their principles
instead of trying to educate the other fel
lows into our party. Why have they not
labored to bring the silver men to us in
stead of trying to force our party over to
them? I have no charge to make against
the honesty of purpose of any of them, but
the fact remains that the effect of trim
ming our platform would be the same,
whether secured by tbe efforts of more
power to down the goldbugs, or by the
efforts of the foreign capitalists who take
from this country $300,000,000 every year
as Americans pay for tilling American
soil and as interest on railroad and other
bonds, for the only hope of these blood
suckers lies not in who secures the trim
ming of the Omaha platform, but that the
Omaha platform be trimmed.
"But tbe greatest obstacle in the way of
success of the narrow-gaaguers is the cold
fact that the true Blue, broad-gauge Popu
list, who recognizes in this movement a
disorganization of our forces, can never
consent to be sidetracked. But with a
faith In their cause that will admit of no
faltering, they will toil on, looking for
their reward in due time in the enactment
of the just laws for which they contend;
and they will not be disappointed, for
their fight will be made with well-formed
ranks of trustworthy soldiers. There will
be a Populist ticket in tbe field in every
State in tbe Union this fall, aa well as a
National one. If we are unorganized we
will fine' ourselves at sea too late in the
day to do much in the campaign, and our
only safety lies in the formation of an or
ganization that will not only have a pow
erful influence at the convention, but will
leave us in a condition to continue the
fight regardless of what the trimmers may
accomplish, and that, too, without the
loss of any time.
"The reform movement, started at
Omaha in 1892 by a union of all the toil
ing masses, cannot and must not be aban
doned now when we are progressing so
nicely, and when it takes no flight of im
agination to see in the near future the tri
umph of our principles. But the glorious
characters who have fought so nobly in
the past, reinforced by the thousands of
recruits that are volunteering every day,
must fight on, hand in hand for home and
right, prepared to banish every foe wher
ever he be found, whether facing the front,
behind US or in our mir!<it sllnain* nn oh.
siacle to be unsurmountable, or to im
pede our progress, in the end that our pos
terity may reap the fruits of our sacrifices
as we are reaping the reward of the sacri
fices of our lathers who fought before us."
The tears came into Mr. Reed's eyes as
he uttered the concluding sentence's.
Sam P. Davis, editor of the Carson
(Nev.) Appeal arrived this morning with
the bimetallic delegation from ' Nevada
and California. He was quite 'hoarse by
reason of hurrahing for Bryan during the
whole of his trip : hither. After having
devoured two mammoth porterhouse
steaks at a cost of |3 75 and haying
washed them down with six quart steins
of beer, Bam engaged a'■ stenographer at
%5 an hour and rattled off to him at the
rate of 150 words a minute bis impressions
on the situation. After he had talked $10
worth he dismissed the stenographer,
took the shorthand notes to a young : lady
typewriter in the office of the Southern
Hotel, and, having ascertained that she
would charge only $3 an hour for type
writing, threw the notes down before her,
with" the remark: "Swim ahead; there's
your copy." • ■ .
"But," said the young lady, "I cannot
read those shorthand notes."
"The h , ahem— You can't!" roared
Sam, in dismay.
Sam could not rind any one who could
read the notes, and the upshot of it all
was that he was obliged to hire a back at
an expense of $6 and run down the stenog
rapher, who was in another part of the
city, and pay him $25 for dictating nig notes
to the lady typewriter.
"It seems to be a rather roundabout and
expensive way of getting a report in
shape," remarked Sam, "but I am not
going to fall down on Ned Hamilton, if it
costs Mr. Hearst a million."
Ex-Senator Frank H. Moffitt of Oak
land loomed well to-day. Mr. Moffitt
has acquired a white duck suit and is doing
the very best he can to "stand off" the hot
weather. Mr. Moffitt called on Senator
Jones of Arkansas at the Planters' House,
and after an extended conference with the
chairman of the Democratic National Com
mittee, started out hammer and tongs to
work on the Populists.
The silver convention will beyond doubt
indorse Bryan and Senator Jones can
think of no better use to make of the
Bryan silver delegates than to put them
to work buttonholing middle-of-the-road
j Populists. Mr. Moffitt at once tackled
Thomas V. Cator, who has heretofore been
regarded as being slightly, opposed to
having anything to do with Bryan. Mr.
Moffitt says it is certain that Cator and
some of the other California delegates are
now pronounced Bryan rooters. The
Texas delegation, under the leadership of
"Cyclone" Dayh, was next sought out. A
committee consisting of Charley Lane,
the California gold miner, and Mr. Moffitt
took the Lone Star contingent in hand.
The Southerners accompanied the Cali
fornian a to the bar and relished and had
Missouri corn juice to their hearts coo
tent. Mfcrtiu told them a story or two
about Colonel Jack Hayes, the famous
Texan ranger, whose last days were spent
in Oakland, and a bond of friendship and
sympathy was soon created; but the long
bearded Populists were as immovable as
the North star. ' " '. J '
i "Talk about Charley , Hoy idea of
Texans and the delegation that visited
Congressman Tim Murphy," said Moffit.
"Why, the counterfeits are not in it with
the originals as I saw them to-day. They
listen to our stories, laugh at our jokes,;
drink our whisky and smoke our cigars,
stroke, their whiskers and then go back '
under -the; sheltering wing of 'Cyclone'
Davis, 'Tornado' .Thomas and 'Whirlwind' ,
Whipple, all •" of ' which are. the lovable
titles given to members of the delegation."
r Mr. Moflit said the Texans took to the |
magnificent gold badge of the California
silver delegates as a child does to a new
toy. They each wanted one, and at last
accounts Uncle Charley Lane was having
ninety-nine new badges made up especially
for the Texans at the rate of $2 a piece. |
The California badges furnish a striking
contrast with those of the cohorts of
"Cyclone" Davis, which is simply a piece
of ordinary ribbon bearing the words,
"Keep in the middle of the road." , .W ■
The Texans called on California silver
men this evening. They were well re
ceived each was given a bottle of Cali
fornia wine and they testified their appre
ciation by giving three cheers for Cali
fornia, and while the sturdy sons of the
South were in the headquarters to the
number of about fifty George W. Baker
wrote a note to Moffitt and passed it over
by the colored porter, bearing these words:
••Moffitt, be careful what you say about
the Populists. There are as many six
shooter- in the room as there are Texans."
The Texans had an exciting caucus to
night and several hundred persons
watched the proceedings through the
plate-glass windows of their headquarter*
in the Southern Hotel. Everything went
on ordinarily at first, the delegates remain
ing in their Beats. Finally'the chairman,
who bad seemed to be uncomfortable,
stood up on the seat of his chair and be
gan to slug the atmosphere. Then the
rest jumped up on chairs and tables and
swung their arms above their heads just
as though they were poking a horse-hair
lariat over the horns of a Texas steer.
The spectators were delighted. ' They
were coing to see a genuine wild West
knock-down, drag-but and gouge scrim
mage, but when seventeen of. ninety-rive
Texans put their right hands into their hip
pockets, there was a general rush out of
range on the part of the outsiders. That
looked very frontierish and thrilling, and
when the seventeen drew forty, not navy
revolvers, but copies of the Omaha plat
form the crowd was very much disap
pointed.
All the excitement was caused by a
caucus to determine the . choice of the
delegation, for the temporary chair
manship of the delegation, and finally
Judge Jones, a straight Populist of St.
Louis, was selected.
Some of the silver delegates and whoop
ers for Bryan are a hard-looking lot of
gun-fighters, but after one or two of their
skirmishers had paid a visit on a mission
of education to the camp of the Texans
they did not send any more. The first
scout was a six-foot scrapper weighing 250
pounds and as hard as nails. When he
made his appearance in the lobby or the
Southern and began whispering for
Bryan a tall Texan with long hair and a
long white hand with graceful, tapering
fingers such as are wont to turn up the
jack and to pull a trigger of a Colt's 45
--revolver braced up against the Bryan
man.'S@yn9H
"What right have you to come cavortin'
up here around our -camp a-tryinjj to
stampede oor delegates out of the middle
of the road?" he demanded, fiercely.
"Now l you cinch' tip your bronco ~ and
gallop out of here. Git." •
The Bryan looked straight' in the eyes
of the Texan. Then with a little laugh
and t snort of defiance he turned . on his
heel and walked away. \ " v
" "I suppose they take us for a kinder
garten," remarked the hi* man, "and we
came here to :be educated in the Demo
cratic bible. We are straight on the trail
of Populists, arid we don't take no Demo
cratic cocktail in ours." .''•-'
Can. at th« • bQVft mil*t have taken I
something as strong later on, for they
were 'loping down Broadway red-eyed,
and mating the steers and red heifers
scatter oft the trail on both sides.
I met Carl Browne, the son-in-law o
Coxey, to-night. Carl wore his famous
hat, but the fresh and rosy complexion
which he turned to the salt sea breezes of
San Francisco had disappeared in the
steam-bath climate of the money-grab
bing East. His face was sallow, and his
hair and beard were frost-bitten. Matri
mony, instead of rejuvenating Carl, had
aged him. Otherwise he seemed to be the
same Carl, but wonderfully subdued.
They say he draws pictures as wretch
edly as ever.' As an artist I think Carl
became a remarkable case of arrested de
velopment before he began to leara to
draw.
As will be noticed in the press dis
patches in another column the National
Reform editors did what I had predicted
they would do. They passed a straight
middle-of-the-road resolution. Verily the
Populist editor hath the cunning of the
Californian coyote, which smelieth the
steel trap from afar off and which slyly
diggeth it up and eateth the salt pork set
therein for a bait. Then goeth he away
singing a tenor song unto the yellow
moon. For the Populist editor knoweth
that should the Democratic trap swallow
the Populist party there would be no
longer a need for the Populist party.
John Paul Cosgkave.
UNITED AGAINST BRYAN.
The Mlddie-of-the-Road Populists
Claim That They Will Control
the Convention.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. July 21.— The middle
of-the-road Populists are claiming to-night
tbat they will control the convention and
defeat the programme of the Bryan men
to indorse the Chicago ticket.
Mr. J. W. Cassidy of this city, who is
a delegate to the convention and who is
the moving spirit of the nriddle-01-the
road headquarters, says that the difficulty
of securing cheap transportation rates will
so reduce the number of delegates from out
lying parts of the country that the attend
ance will not exceed 1000. Of these he
says fully 700 favor the middle-of-the-road
idea, which is in opposition to fusion or to
the nomination of any person for Presi
dent or Vice-President who is not directly
identified with the Populist party.
Coxey of Ohio, the leader of the Com
monweal movement of two years ago, is
another conspicuous Populist who shares
Mr. Cassidy's confidence that ±Jyran can
not be nominated. Ha insists that a ma
joaity of ibe people who claim to be
Populists and have been shouting for
Bryan during the past ten days are not
Populists, but Democrats who are posing
as Populists in order to create a favorable
sentiment for tne Democratic candidate.
He says the South, excepting Alabama, is
a substantial unit for a nominee who di
rectly represents Populistic principles.
His own State, he says, is also a unit for
the middle-of-the-road idea. California
and Pennsylvania entertain similar views,
which leaves to the Eastern delegates the
balance of power between the South and
the Middle West 011 one hand and the ex
treme West on the other. In Coxey's opin
ion the platform which will be presented to
the convention on Thursday will be a
practical reaffirmation of tbe Omaha
platform in 1892. The only material
change will be tbe elimination of the sub
treasury and a substitution therefor of
Coxey's non-interest bearing bond scheme
which be is hopeful will be incorporated
as one of tbe leading planks.
Texas delegates, who are making a
strong tight against indorsing William J.
Bryan, called a meeting of representa
tives from all States in accordance with
tbe plan of nominating a straight Popu
list ticket. These States were represented:
Alabama, Arkansas, California, Georgia,
Illinois, Indiana, lowa, Louisiana, Mis
soouri, Mississippi, Minnesota, N«w York,
North Carolina, Oregon, Pennsylvania,
Texas, West Virginia, Washington, Wis
consin. In nearly all the Southern States
reports were made that the delegates were
solid against Bryan. Louisiana, Texas,
Arkansas, Mississippi, Missouri and North
Carolina were reported solid. In Ala
bama ail but two were against tbe in
dorsement of Bryan. Illinois and Indiana
were reported to be half Bryan and half
against.
On tbe reports that were heard it is esti
mated that ti.e middle-of-the-road people
had 100 majority in the convention. A
committee was appointed to wait on Sen
ator Butler and ask him to define his posi
tion as to Bryan. The committee reported
this evening that Senator Butler expressed
himself as being in favor of the adoption
of a platform and of tendering the Presi
dential nomination on that platform to
Mr. Bryan. If Mr. Bry an accepted he
favored the nomination of a Populist
Vice-President to be run with Bryan.
This report was received with loud ex
pressions of disapproval, and the state
ment was made that some good middle-of
the-road man should be run fo- tempo
rary chairman against Butler. This propo
sition was heartily indorsed by most of
those present, and Jerome C. Kirby, the
Populist nominee for Governor of Texas,
was suggested as a good man upon whom
a contest for temporary chairman should
be made.
A Texas delegate, however, suggested
that Texas did not desire to assume the
position of leading the fight against the
choice of the National Committee with
their man, and advising taking a man
NEW TO-DAT.
"APENTA"
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Springs, Buda Pest, Hungary,
Under the absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical Institute
(Ministry of Agriculture), Buda Pest.
"We know of no stronger or more favourably- \ <pT Xcc^c^pv^u*^«^
constituted Natural Aperient Water than that I Royal Councillor, M.D., Pro>ess*r of
yielded by the Uj Hunyadi Springs." J .H^^ASaS^af,^
Ij^^MH (Ministry oj Agriculture), Bud* Put.
APPROVED BY THE AOAP^MTB DE MEDECINE, PAEI3
, Prices: 15 cents and 25 cents per bottle.
OP ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS.
Full Analysis and additional Testimony and Information supplied
by CHS. GRAKF & CO., 32, Beaver Street, New York, Sole Agents
of hHHSHbQShHHBBHI
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
/' SEE that the Label bears the well-known Red Diamond Marie of
The Apqllinaris Company, Limited,
from another State. This provoked along
discussion. After a long debate Judge 0.
D. Jones of Missouri was agreed upon as
the most available man for the place, and
a committee of three was appointed to
visit him and ascertain his views, but at a
late hour to-night this committee had not
reported to the meeting.
A steering committee, representing six
teen States, was appointed to-night, with
instructions to work with members of
other State delegations, with the view of
preventing the nomination of any candi
date not avowedly in sympathy with the
principles of the People's party. While
Mr. Bryan's name was not used, it is un
derstood that it is considered ineligible.
It was midnight before the committee
reached the Colorado contest, which was
the last to be considered, When the case
was called the announcement was made
that|ex-Governor Waite withdrew his con
test. Southworth and Hackstaff declined
to withdraw, and asked to be heard. After
some talk it was decided to place the
names of the delegates holding regular
credentials on the temporary roll and
State to the convention that neither
side had been heard, thus allowing the
contest to go before the credentials com*
miitee without prejudice. The National
Committee tnen adjourned.
BLOWS ARE EXCHANGED.
Lively Fight of Illinois Factions
While the Populist National
Committee Is in Session.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 21.— The contest
in" delegations from Illinois before the
Populist National Committee got mixed
up in the hallway outside the room in
which the committee was hearing their
respective claims this evening and blows
were exchanged. Tbe committee met at
9 r. m., and bad been in session only a few
minutes when the contestants, headed by
Burns and Hogan, made some remarks
about the Dr. Taylor faction, which Tay
lor resented. The lie was passed and in a
second the two factions were mixed up on
the floor. Dr. Taylor was thrown down
twice. He used his fists to good advan
tage and landed several blows on the faces
of his opponents. Tbe men were pulled
apart, but got toeether a second time. Dr.
Taylor was thrown and several men piled
up on top of him. There were threats of
resorting to firearms, when the police ar
rived \and restored order. Taylor tri
umphed before the committee.
The committee first assembled shortly
after noon behind closed doors, with Hon.
H. E. Taubeneck presiding. The roll call
showed the presence of nearly all the
members of the committee. Before going
into secret session Chairman Taubeneck
announced that there were a few minor
contests, and that the committee would
complete the temporary roll and select
temporary officers. For himself, he said,
be had no choice for temporary chair
man.
There are but two contests of import
ance, those from Colorado and Illinois.
The former involves the entire State dele
gation, and the latter twenty -seven dele
gates from Cook County (Chicago). The
Colorado contestants are headed by ex-
Governor Waite, but he having declared in
favor of Bryan's nomination his colleagues
deposed him tor another leader.
On the matter of temporary chairman
the two candidates were General Weaver
of lowa, who represented the Bryan-
Sewall element, and Senator Butler of
North Carolina, who is opposed to the in
dorsement of the Democratic ticket.
After the matter of the membership of
tbe committee itself had been determined
the committee proceeded to consider the
applications by a number of States for an
increased represantation in the conven
tion. In making up the table of delegates
for this convention the National Commit
tee was compelled to act upon data con
tained in various political almanacs. In
the cases of a number of States this infor
mation proved inaccurate. The commit
teemen from each Southern State demon
strated by certified copies of tabulation of
votes in their States that the Populists
were entitled to an increase in the number
of delegates of from one to five, the latter
being allowed Texas. The several Terri
tories were allowed six delegates instead
of four. Oklahoma was given the same
right of representation as States— that is.
one delegate for its delegate in Congress
and one for each 2000 votes — which made
its total representation nine. Recess was
then taken.
Immediately upon reassembling this
afternoon the committee took up the
Cook County (111.) contest. After a
lengthy argument Mr. Donnelly of Minne
sota moved, in the interests of harmony,
that the two delegations be seated, each
member to have a half rote. This was
agreed to— 49 to 18.
The announcement of the result was re
ceived with much satisfaction by the
members of the Burns-Hogan faction in
the corridor, but Dr. Taylor of Chicago
sent a message to the committee saying
he should decline to sit in the convention
with his opponents.
After deciding a case from the Nine
teenth Ohio District the committee pro
ceeded to the selection of temporary chair
man. General Weaver of lowa, who had
been spoken of as the Bryan candidate for
the place, was not mentioned. Mr. Guth
rie of North Carolina, the probable Popu
list candidate for Governor of that State,
presented the name of Senator Marion
Butler of North Carolina. Mr. Branch of
Georgia named Ignatius Donnelly of Min
nesota. A delegate from Kansas pre
! sented the name of General Field of Vir
ginia.
Senator Butler's nomination was sec
onded by "Cyclone" Davis of Texas, by a
delegate from Alabama and by F. G.
Brown of Massachusetts, and he was se
lected temporary chairman by acclama
tion, the other names being withdrawn.
For temporary secretaries the names of
W. D. Vincent of Kansas, editor of Sound
Money, and John W. Hayes, secretary of
the executive committee, Knights of Labor,
were suggested and ooth accepted.
S. D. Walton of Georgia, the only col
ored member of the committee, presented
for use at the convention a gavel com*
posed of seventeen different kinds of
wood. Sixteen of these were from the
South and West and one from the East.
The Illinois contest, which it was sup
posed had been settled so far as the Na
tional Committee was concerned, was re
opened at tne suggestion of Chairman
Taubeneck. After some vigorous talking
I it was resolved to reconsider the vote by
which the two delegations were seated,
each member having a half vote, and the
contest was set for a further hearing.
It came up at 9 o'clock this evening, and
while the committee was deliberating the
two Illinois factions, who were waiting in
the hall, passed the time by a free-for-all
fight, which bad to be quelled by the
police.
The National Committee by a vote of 30
to 26 threw out the Burns-Hogan faction
and seated the delegation headed by Dr.
Taylor. This was a victory for Chairman
Taubeneck, at whose suggestion the case
was {reopened. After the result was an
nounced and the two delegations left the
room there were several epithets passed,
but the police prevented further personal
conflict. Tne Burns-Hogan people say they
will tro before the committee on credentials
and will carry the right to the floor of the
convention.
DIRECT LEGISLATION.
A New Element Injected Into the
Programme of the "Twin
Conventions."
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 21.— A new ele
ment was injected into the programme of
the "twin conventions" to-day by the
organization of the "National Direct
Legislation League."
About sixty delegates met in pursuance
to a call issued last April. Eltweed
Pomeroy of Newark, N. J., was elected
president; Jesse White of Omaha, record
ing secretary; and J. W. Arrowsmith of
Orange, N. J., corresponding secretary.
Three sessions were held by the league to
day, the last being a mass-meeting at
which public addresses were made by ad
vocates of direct legislation. The league
proposes to establish affiliating bodies in
different States and to carry on a sys
tematic propaganda on the subject of
direct legislation.
A long list of vice-presidents was named,
including among the number Postmaster-
General William L. Wilson of West Vir
ginia. Very few of the gentlemen named
were present, but Chairman Pomeroy
stated that Postmaster-General Wilson
and other prominent men selected as vice
presidents were in sympathy with the di
rect legislation movement.
At the evening session Ignatius Don
nelly of Minnesota, Edward Evans of the
National Reform party, Paul Vandervoort
of the National Legion and others spoke.
A committee was appointed to urge the
adoption of a direct legislation plank at
the Populist convention, and another
committee was appointed to perform the
same mission at the Silver Convention.
Bryan and SexonlVm ->'otiticntion.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 21.— 1t is
announced here tbat the date for the Madi-
son-sauare meeting in New York, when
the notification committee will formally
notify Bryan and Sewall of their nomina
tion, has been set for August 10. Imme
diately thereafter Senator Gorman of Mary
land will make his first campaign speech
in support of the Democratic ticket at a
ratification meeting to be held at his
home, Laurel, Md., over which he will pre
side.
Rain at I'aandena.
PASADENA, Cal.. July 21— Clouds
have hung over Pasadena all day. A*t 2
o'clock this afternoon a light rain com
menced falling and continued steadily for
a couple of hours. Indications are "tbat
there will be no more rain during the
Pure
Rich blood is the basis of good health,
and Hood's Sarsaparilla purifies, vitalizes
and enriches the blood. In fact
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Ib the One True Blood Purifier. Alldruggists.sl
Hood's; Pill*; cure na " s indigestion,
11UUU S> i~illS biliousness. 25 cents.
WHEN TANS
— TANS
A TANS
MAKER
SENDS US OUT A CARLOAD \W W fJ'
OP TAN SHOES AND STATES 11 X X
"SELL 'EM FOR WHAT Q O O
THEY'LL BRINQ" YOU CAN A A A
REST ASSURED THAT V V V
WE'RE OOINO. TO DO IT ! XXX
PRICES
ARE
Of the question; we do not expect
them— in fact we don't want them. It's a
case of sell lots and quick. That's what
we're after. Child's Tans are selling for
90c. They're worth $1 50. Ladies' Tan
Oxfords at 90c that others ask $2 00 for.
Men's Best Russia Calf, at $1 15, that are
worth $2 50.
The above are a'few out of hundreds of boxes.
This it a tale of Tans, where Drices do all the
wiling. -  •: ■ . . v ' .
Out-of-town people must have tha Sullivan
money-saver sent tree for the asking.
SULLIVAN'S,
MONEY.S4VERS in shoes,
18-20-22 Fourth Street.
' South of Market. ;
KKIIISHrHt" b "Ol»>Ucka, bath-
WHUvllfcU houses, biUlard- table
brewers, bookbinders, csady-makers, canners.
dyers, normals, foundries, laundries, pap«>
hangers, printers, painters, ' shoe factories, stabl*-
men. ÜBMooters, tanners, tailors, ate.
_ --'--. BUCHANAN BROS., -
Br muWaauTßct ur«r i, 009 SacriuaeatMkCALIFORNIANS
ELECT OFFICERS,
Committeemen Chosen by
Golden State Rep
resentatives.
DELEGATION SENTIMENT
Joseph Asbury Johnson Tells of
the Doings of the Local
Men.
REFORM PRESS ASSOCIATION.
Prominent Speak=rs Vigorously De
nounce the "Gone Daft" Bry
anite Policy.
The Call's Headquarters, J
Hotel Lindell, V
St. Louis. JWo., July2L>
In my brief dispatch yesterday reference
was made to the reform press association
as an element to b* reckoned at tbis stage
of the battle now in progress. At the time
I wrote no meeting of the association had
been held, but later in the day there was a
meeting of dramatic interest held. Pow
erful speeches were made by General Paul
Vandervoort of Nebraska, Ignatius Don
nelly of Minnesota, Cyclone Davis of
Texas, and other men of National leputa
tion, in defiance of the "gouedaft" Bryan
ite policy and in defense of a straight Popu
list ticket on a clear-cut up-to-date Popu- i
list platform.
In order to crystallize this sentiment, in
which there seemed to be entire unanim- i
ity. and give it due form and expression, a
committee of three was appointed to sub
mit to tbe association to-day at 10 o'clock
for consideration and adoption an ad
dress to the people. The meeting of the
association to-day was held at the head
quarters of tbe Texas delegation. The ad
dress reported by the committee was read
and a motion to adopt promptly followed.
After an animated but brief discussion, it
was almost unanimously carried.
My time has been occupied this after
noon and evening with the work of select
in c committees by the California delega
tion.
John S. Dore was elected chairman of
the delegation, Mr. Buttner secretary and
treasurer; committee of conference to
work for a union of reform forces— T. V.
Cator. Taylor Rogers and W. A. Vann;
committee of one on credentials, E. M.
Wardali; on order of business, Frank Mc
(iuire; on permanent organization, J. G.
Burnett; on platform and resolutions,
Joseph Asbnry Johnson.
In the course of tbe five hours' session
the sentiments of tiie delegates on party
policy became iienerally known. There
are thirty-three in attendance, seven of
whom favor some form of union with the
Bryan Democracy. Cator and Vann of
the conference are favorable to Bryan and :
Haters is for a .«trai»ht Populist nomina
tion. Joseph Asbury Johnson*.
DELEGATIONS DIVIDED.
Some Southern Populists Can In
dorse Bryan, but Not the Whole
Democratic Ticket.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 21.— Thomas Pat
terson of Denver, who was to-day selected
as the chairman of the Colorado delega
tion, thinks that the drift is now for both
Bryan and Sewail, and that the Demo
cratic ticket will be endorsed by the con
vention. Mr. Patterson explained to his
Colorado colleagues when they went inio
secret session, that he had now learned,
being several days on the ground, that
there were two apparently irreconcilable
elements here — those who were de
termined to nominate a straight ticket
and those who felt that the salvation of
the party depended on tbe endorsement of
Bryan and Sewall.
He detailed the various propositions
that have been suggested as a compro
mise, but expressed the belief that the
adoption of either would lead to the char.te
of jobbery, or result in the deliberate
assassination of Sewall, ana that that
cold not be tolerated.
The North Carolina Populists last night
completed their organization. They favor
nominating Goodwin, the present candi
date for Governor of Alabama, for Vice-
President. No vote on the Presidency
question has been taken by them.
Mr. George F. Gaither of Alameda says
he does not know whether or not Captain
Kolo is correctly reported in the interview
printed this morning as to his personal
desire to see Bryan nominated, but be
knows that the statement imputed to the
captain that he will or can deliver the ;
Alabama deleeation is not correct. If the
Bryan men will make M. Goodwin their
candidate for Vice-President they will
vote for Bryan, but they are not "ready 10
stomach tiie whole Democratic ticket."
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games in the National League
Yesterday.
• Cicbs. :. '''■ ii*. -x;- ! Won.! Lost. (^ r t
j 1
Cincinnati 65 26 .679
Cleveland 51 25 .671
I'.a timore 60' 25 i .666
Chicago 47 :ig .666
Boston 42 34 .662
PittsburR. 41 35 .539
liiookjyn 39 41 .487
>'ewVorIc ..... 37 39 .4H6
J'hila.tclphla 35 41 , .460
Washington 31 41 ' .430
M. Louis .' ... 22. 65 .481
Loutsviile 17 1 55 i .236
I LEVKLAND, Ohio, July 21.— T0-day tbe
. not only walloped the Senators to
the tune of two games, bat rubbed the bitter
defeat-. 1b by shotting them out and giving
them another push down the toboggan. Score
gtme: fievelands, 2, 9, 0; Wunh
ington.-, (». 7, (). Second game: Cleve
iands, 7, 7. 1 ; Washingtons, 0, 7, 5. Batteries,
- mi ; O'.Meara, MeJames and McAuley.
Umpire— Hurst.
1 INf INNATI, Ohio. July 21.— The Reds won
two gamei from the New York team this after
noon, agr.in placing themselves at the head.
In the first frame Dwyer's superb work in the
box. assisted by errorless support, gave the
but out. The second game was a
s- battle until the sixth, when the lo
! their bits ani scored four runs,
I .:cianatis, 4, 8, 0; New
Yorks. 0,8, 'J. Batteries— Dwyer and I'eUz,
I Wilson. Second trnme: Cincin
'■ il. •-!; New York-. 2, !•, <». Batteries—
Beidy and l-urrell. Umpire—
lan.
PITTSBURG, Pa., July 21:-Plttsburg and
Baltimore played two game* to-day; and the
teams .it even, each shutting the other out,
. mi?- lo *' "' ffitr ' t same ih.ough inability
to nit i.bj.uf. Hustings, who opposed aim," was
V ;' &■*£? '■<"? '■■ <"- : v':>i? '~:*3''
Inclined to be a little wiid, and contributed
materially to the success of the visitors. The
second game was a pitchers' battle, in which
Killen excelled. Score, first game : Pittsnurgs,
0, 6, 3; Baltimores, 6, 8, 1. Batteries—Hast
ings and Merriu, EsDer and Clark. Second
cam' 1 : Pittsburgs, 4, ti, 2; Baltimores, 0, 4, 4.
B*tteries— Killen and Sugden, Hemming and
Giark. Umpire— Betls.
CHICAGO, 111., July2l.— Briggs proved to be
the gre«test kind of a stumbling-block to tbe
Bostons to-day. Despite his misi-ranle support
he pitched a magnificent game, aud should
have shut the visitors out. Score: Chicagos,
7. 11. 1; Bostons. 3, 4, O. Batteries— Briggs
and Kittredge; Sullivan and Bergen. Umpire
— Lyn.'h.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., July 21.— St. Louis-Philadel
phia game postponed; wet grounds.
LOUI&VXLLE, Xv, July 21.— Louisville-
Brooklyn game postponed; rain.
EARNERS Of GATS.
Borses That finished First, Second or
Third on Eastern Jracks.
AQUEDUCT, N. V., July 21.—Sum
maries :
Six furlongs. Zanone won. Ajax second, Lady
Grepnway third. Time. 1 :lt>C.
One mile, Illusion won, Crimea second, Mar
shall third. Time, 1:43.
Five furlongs, Brighton won. Second Chance
second, Ellcrdie third. Time, 1:05.
One jnlle, Chugnut won. Premier second.
Flame* third. Time, 1 :46>^.
Five lurlongs. Nina Louise won, Woodbird
second, Favo third. Time, I :os'^.
One mile, Silk Gown woo, Defender second,
Kennebunk third. Time, l:45 14.l 4 .
ST. LOUIS, MO., July 2L— Summaries:
Five furlongs. Scorcher won, Big Night sec
ond. Sugar Foot third. Time, 1 :06.
Six furlongs. Fairy Queen 111 won, Sister
Myra second, Inkosikaas thtrd. Time, 1:19!*.
Five furlongs, Sackville won ; Rosny second.
Inca third. TimeltOT'^,.
Six furlongs, Highland won, Ozark Jr. sec
ond, Brtdeet third. Time, 1:17' 4 .
One mile. Damocles won, Sauterne second.
Frontier third. Time, 1 :472.
LATONIA, Ky., July 21.— Summaries:
Six and a half furlongs, Morte Fonso won,
Captain Drake second, Richfield third. Time,
1 -.'J43.,.
Six lurlongF, Bell Bramble wen, Lady Keith
j second, Performance third. Time. 1:18 3^.
One mile, Howard Mann won, Governor
I Boies second, Ramona third. Time, 1:45.
Six and a hali iurlongs, Letcher won, Kowal
sky second, Tutilla third. Time, 1:24.
Five fur.ongs, Pouting won, Mellie second,
Fuller Third. Time, 1 :05 J i.
DETROIT, Mich., July 2L— The track
at Grosse Point had not fully dried out to
day and was fully two secondsslow. Sum
maries:
2:27 trotting, purse $2000, Walter S won,
Barnetta second, Gayton third. Best time,
2:17.
Two-year-olds, trotting, purse $1000, Di-
rectum won, Parthol second, Simonnie third.
B?st time, 2:27' i.
2.25 trotting, three-year-olds, purse $2000.
Marcuret won, Annie Allerton second, Hespe
ria third. Best time, 2:19^.
2:09 pacing, purse $2000, Lottie Loratne
won. Bright Regent second, Badge third. Best
time, 2:0S 1 -£.
INTERNATIONAL CRESS.
Results of the Second Round of the
Tournament.
NUREMBCRG, Bavaria, July 21.—To
day the second round of the international
chess tournament was played. Results:
Tschitforin beat Blackburn in a Guicci Piano
after 56 moves.
Steinitz beat Teichmann in a Ruy Lopez
after 45 moves.
?howalter and Tarasch drew a queen's gam
bit after 32 moves.
Janowski beat Winawer in a center gambit
; af tf r 37 moves.
Walbrodt beat Scballopp in a Ruy Lopez
after 35 moves.
Moraczsjr beat Porgess in a queen's gambit
I after 82 moves.
Marco and Albin drew a Ruy Lopez after 57
moves.
Schletchter and Pillsbury drew a Ruy Lopez
1 after 41 moves.
Lasker beat Schiffers in a Pq 4 opening after
57 moves.
bebarosek bad a bye.
Wettern Tennis Championship.
CHICAGO, 111., July 21.— The Western
; championship tennis tournament closed
! to-day and the crack players, the Neel and
Wrenn brothers, went to West Superior to
play at an invitation tournament. The
final singles for the championship were
played by Carr B. Nee! and George L.
Wrenn. Neel won easily, the score being
,6-1,6-2,6-4.
Tom Cooper a n~orld- Heater.
TORONTO, Ontario, July 21.— At Han
ton's Point track to-night Tom Cooper of
Detroit defeated Walter Sanger in their
mile match race for a purse of $1000.
Three thousand people saw the fastest
time ever made in Canada, Cooper doing
the first heat in 1 :58 2-5 and the second in
1:58 3-5. Fred Young cut the Canadian
unpaced mile record from 2:18 to 2:14.
On a Sauc-r.tiliiiped Track.
MINNEAPOLIS. Minx., July 21. -On a
saucer-shape track, starting from opposite
sides. Tillie Anderson, the Chicago cyclist,
rode Dottie Farnsworth, the Northwest
ern champion, off of her wheel here to
niifht, and broke the world's record for
one mile by one and a fifth seconds.
HAILWAY STATISTICS.
Interesting Report of th*. Interstate Com'
mere* Commission.
WASHINGTON. D. C, July 21.—
| report of the Interstate Commerce Com
! mission for the year ending June 30, 1895,
; shows the total railway mileage in the
; country on that date to have been 189,
--657 miles, an increase of 1948 miles. Dar
! ing the year fourteen roads were aban
doned, nine mortgaged, thirty-two reor
| ganized and twenty-eight consolidated.
There appears from the report to have
I been a decreased deficiency in passenger
! service and an increased efficiency in
, freight service during the year, ana an in
j crease in the number of men employed by
I railways of 5,426 as compared with the
i previous year.
There was an increase in the amount of
railway capital during the year aggrega
ting, $187,729,312. The gross earnings of
the railways for the year ending June 30,
| 1895, were $1,075,371,262, an increase of $2,
--009,665. . Passenger revenue was $252,246,
--180, showing a decrease of $33,103,378.
Freight revenue increased $30,502,549.
The number of railway employes killed
during the year was 1811 and the number
injured was 25.696, a decrease of 12
killed and an increase of 2274 injured as
compared with the previous year.
The number of passengers killed was
170; number injured, 2375, showing a de
crease of 153 in the number killed and 639
in those injured.
An Actor in Jail.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 21.— Judge
.Lawrence in the Supreme Court to-day
; signed an order committing Thomas Q.
! Seabrook, the actor, to jail for contempt
of court for failure "to pay alimony of $40
a week and a counsel fee of $200 to his
wife, Elvia Croix Seabrook, wnc has
brought an action of separation against
him, charging him with cruel and inhuman
treatment.
THe Royal Wedding in England.
LONDON, Esq., July 21.--The Queen
arrived at Buckingham Palace to-day from
Windsor fo: the purpose of attending the
marriage to-morrow of Prince Charles of
Denmark and her granddaughter. Princess
Maude of Wales. While the Queen was
at dinner this evening at Buckingham
Palace a tire occurred in one of the apart
ments. The damage was slight.
Voloni-l Hunger ford* I.Vmmrn.
ROME, Italy, Jt:ly 21.— The body of
Colonel Hungerford. father of Mrs. John
Mackay, was embalmed to-day. After
services in the Protestant Church of St.
Paul to-morrow the body will be laid in
the cemetery and later removed to the
United States, where it will be deposited
in the mausoleum of thf Mackay family.
Con*t 7'rtuintn.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 21.—Pen
sions: California— Original, Septimus I.
Korton, Santa Cruz; additional, John Fa
hey, San Francisco.
Orecon— Original widow, Madlura Mil
ledge, Hermann.
Washington— Original, Eugene McDun
ou^u, Orting.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 25, 1896
REPUBLICANS TO
TAKE THE STUMP,
Many Brilliant Orators to
Labor With the
West.
SOUND-MONEY TALKERS.
Ex-President Harrison Will Make
Short-Trip Speeches From a
Special Train.
CALIFORNIA NEEDS ATTENTION
Suggestion That Protection Should Be
Made tbe Issue Here to Insure
Party Victory.
CHICAGO, Ili*, July 21.—Ex-Congress
man Benjamin Butterworth of Ohio and
William E. Mason of Chicago have been
added to the party of stump-speakers who
will open the Republican campaign with
sound-money speeches in Nebraska the
first week of August, thence proceeding
through Minnesota, the Dakotas and into
Washington and Oregon, dealing exclus
ively with the money issue according to
the campaign policy aereed on by the ex
ecutive committee for the Western States
during the first half of the battle for votes.
The orators will travel together in the
large towns and separate in the agricul
tural regions and small towns.
The party leaders in Indiana will,
through Executive Committeeman Dur- i
bin, send an urgent request to Benjamin
Harrison in his summer retreat in the
Adirondack-, to reconsider bis refusal to
open the campaign in that State about the
middle of August, and consent to make j
one of his famous short-talk trips through
Indiana from the platform of a special j
train. He will also be asked to continue
this train speech-making through Ohio
and Pennsylvania on his return to his
mountain home. Tbe ex-President has )
formally consented to take the stump
from the Ist of October until the eve of
election day.
Perry S. Heath, chief of the Depart
ment of Publicity and Printing of the Re
nublican National Committee, asked the
United Press to-day to announce that the
department desired to keep on tile at head
quarters in the Auditorium buildinc here
all sound-money f)?mocratic and Repub
lican newspaper*, and publishers are asked
to send copies to him. A clipping bureau
will be establ s ed so as to keep un with
current sentiment and the tide of the cam
paign in all directions.
Jules Guthridgeof the United Press staff
in Washington, D. C, has been appointed
the Eastern press agent of the National
Committep. All the campaign matter will
be printed here and sent to the New York
I headquarters for distribution. Major
l diaries Dick of Cleveland will come to
beadquaner- here this week to act as sec
retary of tbe committee.
The roster of the finance committee,
whicn is to have the collection and dis- i
tribution of campaign funds for the West- !
crn headquarters, was made public to-day
by Samuel W. Allerton after a conference
with National Committeeman Jamieson. |
There are 103 members, bankers and capi
talists being largely represented. Mr. Al
lerton is likely to be made chairman at to
morrow's meeting.
A letter was received at the Republican
League headquarters from President Kin
ney of the California League, admitting '
that the silver sentiment was almost over- i
whelming among tbe three parties, and
that there was absolutely no enthusiasm ;
among Republicans, although a few cam- '
paign clubs had been formed. Protection S
must be made the party issue in tbat I
Stale to avoid Democraiic victory.
A league worker in Burhnaame, Kans., '
wrote to the secretary: "Nothing but a!
vigorous educational campaign and un- i
ceasing toil in the way of personal work
will ever save Kansas this year."
All the Western letters indicate that the I
people of the prairies are talking money j
and nothing else political.
Among the letters received at the gold
Democrats' headquarters was one from
Frairk Snyder, chairman of the Nemaha
County Democratic Central Committee of
Nebraska, stating that the new-conven
tion sentiment prevailed among the Demo
crat* of that State, and that Bryan's fol
lowers had always been too closely allied
to the Populists to be considered Demo
crats.
McKINLEY AT CLEVELAND.
Attends the Centennial Celebration
and Receives at the Hanna
Residence.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, July 21.— Major
McKiniey made a number of calls this
afternoon and received at Mr. Hanna's
residence the Mayor of Hartford, Conn.,
and the members of the Common Council
of that city.
Wednesday is Founders' day and the
most important events connected with the
opening ot the Centennial celebration will
take place. There will be a number of
speeches in the morning. The orator of
the day is Senator Hawlcy of Connecticut,
who will deliver a historical oration.
Short speeches will be made by Major
McKinlev, Senator Sherman, Governor
Bushnell, Governor Coffin of Connecticut
and James 11. Hoyt.
In the afternoon there will be an elab
orate parade and at night a historical
pageant of stately proportions made up of
artistic and beautifui floats. •
Senator Sherman arrived this afternoon
and will have a long talk Wednesday with
.Mr. McKiniey and Mr. Hanna about the
campaign. He is of the opinion that it
should be opened at once. Senator Sher
man thinks the silver sentiment is pretty
widespread among the farmers in many
parts of the Western and Central States.
His mail, which is uncommonly volumin
ous, is chiefly composed of letters asking
for information on the money question,
and he is led to believe that the people are
thinking a great deal about it.
He thinks a very large number of speak
ers should be set to work at once, and has
xnoie faith in speakers and newspapers as
educators than iv heavy campaign litera
ture. Senator Sherman says that while
the silver craze is a good deal discussed
and has many spokesmen it can be
stamped out if a vigorous campaign of
education be waged against it.
Major McK-inley received information
this evening that tbe delegates to the Na
tional Glass- blowers' Convention, now in
session at Pittsburg, have decided to make
him a visit at Canton Saturday morning.
He will return to Canton to receive them.
NATIONALISTS SURPRISED.
Charles E. Bentley, Candidate for
President, Dampens Their
Free Coinage Ardor.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. July 21.-Charles E.
Bpntley of Lincoln, Neb., can iidate of the
j Nationalist party for President of the
United States, threw a damper on
the free coinage ardor of the
delegates to the Nationalist State
Convention here to-night in an
ddress. He passed over the free silver
plank of the party's National platform
with but a slight allusion, though the
reference was cheered to the echo, show
ing that the convention was in strong
sympathy with tne plank, and closed his
address witn an invitation to members of
the old parties who were wavering to
join the Nationalists.
"We have been called a free-silver party."
said he, "and it is true that free silver, in
one sense, is in the platform, but our great
and principal plank, and tbe one upon
which we particularly ask others to join
us, is that which declares against the
traffic in intoxicating liquors."
He paid high compliments to Bryan and
McKiniey.
The resolutions committee is in session
to-nigh:. The platform agreed upon favors
the enfranchisement of women; free coin
age of silver at 16 to 1 ; Government owner
ship of railways and telegraphs: raising
of all revenues by tixes on property and
incomes, aad a tariff only for protection ;
the protection of ail citizens in the observ
ance of any day they choose as Sunday;
teaching only the English language in the
public schools ; tbe election of President,
Vice-President and United States Senators
by direct vote of the people; stricter natur
alization lawß and lower salaries for public
officials. It demands the abolishment of
the convict contract labor system and de
clares against alien ownership of land.
Congressional Nominations.
LITCHFIELD, 111., July 21. — Eigh
j teenth District Democrats cbose T. M. Kett
I and indorsed the Chicago platform and
nominees.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., July 21.-Seven
teenth District Democrats nominated ex-
State Senator B. F. Cartwell, a banKer.
DETROIT, Mich., July 21— First Dis
trict Republicans renominated John B.
' Corliss.
CLARKSBURG, W. Va., July 21.— First
District Republicans renominated B. B.
' Dovenor.
PARKERSBURG, W. Va., July 21.—
Sixth District Republicans reaominated
i Warren Miller.
EUROPE'S PENDING CRISIS.
Prince Bismarck Expresses Bis Views
on the Grarc Outlook.
NEW YORK. N. V.. July 21— A special
j cable dispatch to the Sun from London
; says: A dispatch from Hamburg to the
; Sun London office says that the following
|is an authorized expression of Prince I
j Jtitsmarck'-s views on the pending European !
| crisis:
"Tbe English policy is governed by •
j anxiety about the conflict which England
! must fight out with Russia and France.
Prance is striving for the Soudan and
1 Russia for India, and as England is their I
: common antagonist in these aspirations
they are natural allies even without a
, treaty.
"Egypt is of creat strategic importance'
to England's position both in the Soudan I
I and in India and is, therefore, now the ■
I pivot of British policy, the anxieties of j
i which have been not a little enhanced by
i Russia's recent attitude toward the
' Egyptian question.
"Enpland will not give up Egypt, but !
does not feel herself a match for Russia
, and France, and is, therefore, casting
! about for help hitherto, and let us hope in j
| tbe future, in vain, so far as Germany and '<
. Austria-Hungary are concerned.
"But the British are tormented by an
I anxiety. They now believe entirely in the
i unavailability of their European island
) empire, for whereas many things have i
changed elsewhere in the last decade, !
England's system of defense is still tbe!
sanif as in Wellington's tune.
'•It suffices for her non-European coun- j
tries. In view of the world-wide extent i
of her interests she must have more ships
on foreign coasts than Russia and France. '<
But the power or powers which preponder- \
a'e where the conflict must be" decided — i
that is, in the English Channel and the
North Sea — will be victorious.
"The French channel fleet alone is |
, already a match for the English, and its !
junction with the Russian Baltic fleet
would put an end to England's superiority ,
j in the waters in which the conflict must
{ be decided.
"Add to this that her insular position
I involves the danger of being starved out I
I by an enemy so that she must uncondi- ,
I tionslly surrender if a victorious hostile
i fleet should succeed in catting off her
; supplies.
"England has not ignored this danger
and is, therefore, working diligently at ;
the task of increasing her navy to such an !
| extent that it will be superior under all j
I circumstances. If she maintains her su
periority at sea her antagonists must try i
to convert the sea war as quickly as pos- I
sible into a land war and to seek a decision
where all the nerves of the world-wide em
pire meet, tnat is in London."
THE WANING GOLD RESERVE.
Action of the Setv Xor/c Banker* Is a
.Sourer of Reli-f.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 21.— Thje
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood $89,603,865. The day's
withdrawals were $164,000.
There was no information for publica
tion at the Treasury regarding the con
templated action of the New York banks
in coming to the relief of the Treasury.
Acting Secretary Curtis said he had no
"official information" to give out.
The treasury has about $8,000,000 in
United States notes and about $36,000,000
in Sherman not^s and could readily
exchange $20,000,000 of these for
sold. Both classes of notes are re
deemable in god on presentation, so that
if the New York banks exchange gold for
them and later on they desire gold, all
that is required is to present them to the
, treasury for redemption and they will get
gold xor them.
HOW MR. CAHSEGIE STANDS.
Prefer* Free Trade and Sound Money to \
Protection and Silver.
LOUIBVILLE, Kv., July 21.— Some two
months ago an interview with Carnegie !
appeared, in which he took sirong grounds ■
against free silver, saying that he would j
rather have free trade and sound money I
than protection and free silver. Captain j
George C. Norton of this city wrote Mr.
Carnegie a congratulatory letter, in which
he suggested, however, that Mr. Carnegie
ought to suggest to his party that they
shonld disapprove the wanton extrava
gance of the river and harbor bill. His !
reply has just been received and is as
follows:
Cluxt Castle, Kikgussie, V. B. >
July 4, 1806. | !
My Dear Mr. Xorton: Yours of the 23d re- :
ceived. I am glad you like my views pub- ;
lished in the Iron Age. The expenditures of
ihe United States Government as compared
With other governments are really very small, i
taking into account its wealth and population.
I do not think that there is much doing in the j
line of excessive expenditures.
The pensions ere the great charge find these
will now rapidly lessen. The amount we
spend upon harbors and rivers, in vnyopinion,
should be double, as no money expended
could do more benefit to the country. Fine
Government building.* for postoffices and
couithou>es scattered throughout the land are
really symbols of the unity of the country,
and I am always plta«ed 'o see a city get a j
postoffice or a courthouse. There is an un- j
wise economy and extravagance. Our country
is very rich, indeed, but it ha* been sndly mis
gover: »-d financially. The Government should j
go out of the banking business, and we should |
stand firmly upon gold. Yours very truly.
ANDBsw Carnegie. ,
OMAHA PEOPLE
GREET BRYAN,
Rush of Crowds to Shake
the Candidate's Tired
but Glad Hand.
CHEERS FREELY GIVEN.
Men of Several Parties Join in
the Reception of the Boy
Orator.
COMPLIMENTS ARE IXCEANGED
The Nominee of the Silver Democrats
Says That McKiniey Is Even as
Great as Himself.
OMAHA, Nebb., July 21.— William J.
Bryan was given a rousing reception by
Omaha people to-night. He left Lincoln
at 6:05 o'clock over the Burlington and
reached Omaha just before 8 o'clock, after
a trip without incident. He traveled on
an accommodation train in an ordinary
coach and bought his ticket at Lincoln like
other passengers. Al the Union station
here a thousand people were assembled
and as the train came to a standstill and
the nominee stepped from the car Dlat
form the crowd let itself loose and cheered
him to the echo. With the assistance of
the reception committee and the uolice,
Mr. Bryan was escorted through the
packed masses of humanity to an open
carriage drawn by four horses, and .seated
in this beside Mayor Broach, chairman of
the reception committee, he was driven
through the streets leading to the place
whore the formal reception occurred. A
military band headed the procession and
following Mr. Bryan's carriage came sev
eral tally-ho coaches and other vehicles
crowded with young men blowing tin
horns of all sizes and of all degrees of in
harmonious ability. A great many people
were lined along the streets through
which the procession passed and these
were not backward in cheering for tbe
nominee.
The reception given Mr. Bryan at Doug
lass and Fifteenth streets, where the
speakers' stand had been erected, was full
of enthusiasm. Between 4000 and 5000
people, and this is a conservative estimate,
had gathered there awaiting the appear
ance of the Silver-Democratic nominee.
They crowded the connecting streets,
north, south, east and west, packed solidly
together, and many were framed in the
windows of the neighboring buildings.
The cheering was continuous from the
time Mr. Bryan's carriage readied the out
skirts of the assemblage until after he had
taken his eeat on the platform. Judge
Doane, a prom.vent Democrat, opened the
proceedings in a little speech complimen
tary of Mr. Bryan, in which he said:
"We uave'assembled here to-night to do
honor to our fellow-citizen, Mr. Bryan.
We have come here to show our respect,
regard and love for him, and I see oy the
large number of our Republican friends
present thnt they are not afraid to face an
'anarchist.' [Laughter.] Whatever may
be thought ot the 'mob' which nominated
him, lean assure you you need not fear
hiru." [Laughter and cheers.]
Mayor Broach, who is a Republican, fol
lowed with b«of remarks introducing Mr.
Bryan. He said the meeting was non
partisan, and managed to teli some nice
thing* ot" the Democratic nominee.
Then Mr. Bryan appeared ana the cheer
ing was renewed. Hats were waived in
the air, handkerchiefs wore flitted and the
ear-splittmj: horns were tooted with all
the power of potent Kings. The platform
was erected at one corner of the cross
streets. It was decorated with flags, and
a Dig picture of the nominee hung in a
conspicuous place. The railing of the
stand was rather high, so Mr. Bryan
mounted a table, and in the conspicuous
position this gave him he made a short
speech, from which political issues were
omitted. Mr. Bryan said:
Mr. Mayor, ladies and gentlemen: [Pro
longed cheers.] The phrase which was used
a motneut ago by a gentleman in the distance
(reierring to a cry of "Hurrah for silver"), is a
phrase that has been quite common and it tes
tifies to the interest wtiich people are feeling
in the campaign upon whicii we are now en
tering.
1 need not say to you that I am deeply
touched by th» manifestations of gooa will
which have been exhibited here and else
wnere. since the nomination fell to me. I
understand that this is not altogether a per
sonal feeling, but it testifies as well to tnis
one great fact mat among the American peo
ple, without regard to party, there is a love for
American Institutions and a respect for those
who for the tim • oeing stand as the represen
tatives of the <_iovernmeiit. [Cheers. J 1 appre
ciate the fact that I am a candidate before
the American v^opie for the highest honor it
is in the power of mau to bestow upon a fel
low man. [Cheers.] I am laprasaed by the
sense of the responsibility and I am supported
l>v the consciousness that if elected 1 shall
have the support of 70,000,000 of people.
[Great applause.]
This is not v partisan occasion. The Mayor
of your city is a Kepubllcan. 1 see before me
Republicans, Prohibitionibts, Populists as well
as Democrats, and I can bespeak you, my
friends, without regsrd to party, to testify that
in every contest through which i have passed I
have conceded to my opponents the seme hon
esty of purpose that I havedt-iuauded that you
should admit for yourself. [<;.-eat ebjoering.]
And so in this great and meJaocable
campaign upon whicn we are entering
any complimentary terms that you mar use
toward myself— l say to you that every "good
word that you can use towurd me I can repeat
of my »p,.oiK-nt, Major McKiniey. [Applause.]
If you tell me that I honestly redone the s n
timents written in the platform upon which I
smnd 1 tell you that I know that you who op
pose me are just as sincere in your desire lor
good government. We are not dismayed at
the use o! abuse because we know that the
great majority of Republicans and Poptriists,
as well as Democrat*, regard the use of abusive
terms as an indication that argument is feared.
[Loud cheers.]
We are going out in this campaign vicing
with each other in the enthusiasm with wbica
we support our respective views, and the cam
paign shall be determined by the sober sense
>•! the American people, and tliey shall regis
ter their verdict in favor of that policy which
they believe will be best for the American peo
ple. We knew not, my lriends, what that ver
dict shall be. We have our ideas, we have our
hopes, we have our desires, ai:d in our earnest
ness we express ourselves with emphasis, but
we all know this : that no matter what m«y be
the result of this campaign that which is right
c.-.nnot be defeated. We know that truth, if it
is defea'.ed for the time, cannot be defeated ex
cept temporarily. We know thai there is
nothing omnipotent but truth, and we rejoice
to know, If in error, that our cause will be de
fea'.ed and that truth »hail come to us for our
enjoyment even it goes against >ur will. In
anything that we have advocated and in which
we have believed we ought to submit to the
American people we must abide by their de
cision until that decision can be opened up at
another election.
I thank you lur your presence on this occa
sion. I thank yon for all the great kindnesses
WBtch you have shown me in the years when
as a stranger among you I have struggled with
you by your side I thank you lor all that
cordial support that you have given me when
I have been a candidate before you. I thank
you for the kind words that you have spoken
so oiten, words more kind than I have merited,
and I come back to you bearing this nomina
tion, but assuring you that 1 am the same
person who went from you, as interested to
day aa I v.-*s then In what I believed to be the
public good. And I can assure you that no
matter what may be the result of this cam
palga I sbaJ stiU staud for vvimt I believe, let
come what will of good or ill. [Prolonged
applause.]
There i* one sense in which you can rejoice
a* this nomination— a sense in whicri you can
rejoice at it which is not at all connected with
myself. Nebraska has been considered a far
vv extern btate— away beyond the center of
population. It has been" considered a small
btate with a little more than a million people
within its borders. It is a new State, new
amonp the sisteruood of States, and there are
those who have thought that it would be a
g .-, t i lnc before a Presidential nomination
would be made from a man across the Missouri
Kiver. [Laughter and cheers.]
In the sense that the nomination for this
year is a compliment to the State you can ro
joice. although you may not agree' in the polit
ical opinions of the nuu who presents the
nominatiou to you. I attended the St. Louis
convention, and as a Nebraska citizen I was
proud of the distinguished ability wi:h which
the junior Seuator trom this State presided as
the permanent chairman of that convention
[Applause.] He reflected honor upon the peo
ple of Nebraska, and as 1 shared iv the pride
which Republicans fen at the honor of their
chieftain and at the ability which he
manifested in that convention, so I can un
derstand how Republicans In Nebraska, al
though they may oppose everything I believe
in, may rejoice in the honor, perhaps not by
deslgn, that nas come to a citizen of your
Stale. I can also understand how some of you
young men who ■ appear before me may
well be proud that so distinguished an honor
has fallen upou one of the young men. [Cries
of "That's right !" and great cheering.] With
nothing: but zeal for a cause to commend me
I have at least demonstrated tnat age is not a
necessity in politics in the United States.
[Great cheering.] I say that young men may
feel a pride tb:it a young man has been nom
inated, although they may go to the polls and
In the exercise of their sovereign rights may
cast their votes against me.
My fri-nds, for all that you have done, fpr
all that you have said, for all that you have
felt, 1 beg to thank you and assure you that
whatever ma-y come it shall be my desire and
I shall prize it to know that I have obtained
your nspect, your confidence and your est'.'ein ;
and it shall be the saddest day of my life if
any word or act of mine shall make any person
in this vast throng regrei a single kind
thought that he has felt toward me. I thank
you for your attention.
At the conclusion of the speech , Mr.
Bryan stepped down from his lofty perch,
but almost immediately came forward
again and told the assemblage that his
arm , was pretty tired, but he would be
glad to shake hands with his friends as
long as it held out. hundred peo
ple tooK advantage of the "invitation, and
for an hour and a halt the nominee went
through the trying ordeal. This reception
was conveyed to the Paxton Hotel, where
he spent the night. • ,
To-morrow afternoon Mr. Bryan will go
to Council Bluffs, lowa, across the river
from Omaha, and after making an address
there will return to Lincoln.
-•:•■•■ . f:' ♦ • -
HOKE SMITH FOR BRYAN.
The Wavering Secretary of the In- !
terlor Finally Declares Him
self for the Nebraskan.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 21.-Secre
tary of the Interior Hoke Smith took him
self out of the doubtful column this after- '
noon. His paper, the Atlanta Journal, j
comes out in an editorial pledging itself !
to support the Bryan and Sewall ticket.
It is plain that Mr. Smith lacks the cour
age to bolt, and with his support of the
regular ticket Georgia, the leading busi
ness State of the South, may as well be
stricken from the list of Southern States j
that would give any support to a third i
ticket movement.
Secretary of State Olney has left the city
without confiding to any one the goal of '
his journeying*. It is known, however,
that he has gone to see the President and
to discuss with him the Venezuelan affair
and incidentally to talk over the daily
dwindling prospect for a successful
launching of the third ticket.
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury
Hamlin has constituted himself the spun- i
sor for the third-ticket boom and he has !
retired to the seashore, where, supplied j
with huge volumes of statistics and sound
money arguments, lie will prepare the culi
to the disgruntled Democracy to elect dele- '
gates to a new convention. Nothing is :
--■-. '■ -. - -■ -. 'NEW.. 10-DAT. . '.
New I
U4 j ■ uWe have spent a great deal of money in m
lO^ Bi B^ 8 making our renowned store still more at- [j
C 3 l ■ tractive and still more commodious. ,.. H
&H &*S~\cy I*s .Everything about it is new, light, fresh if
jE. 1. W'^s*.Jl Rj and pretty. It runs through from Market ||
■ y-«w|'l j j ■to Ellis street — come in either side. |l
Pretty g
fS} W- BOYS' REEFER i
. SUITS===
i^w'k^fe :" NICELY BRAIDED r i .
rri^ NICELY cut,
■■■%'" ; C"SH| NICELY FINISHED------
-?m i $1«95*
3 to 5 years.
'$£ £}$.'Z iff There is more light, there are more con- t|
V*V|lfv a 7 veniences and more comforts than you can y
t There is more light, there are more con- pj
veniences and more comforts than you can
find in any store in San Francisco. It's all
:£ % Wmsja on one floor— no stairs to climb, no ele- is
fyfo *~hWi vators to wait for — all on one grand floor H
■<£$&*:> running dear through the block. h
"^o^ SCHOOL DAY SPECIALS. I
HERE ARE JUST TWO EXAMPLES OF i
WHAT H
Alteration Sale Prices
_____ MEAN. |
tLong Pants Suits i
We are specially proud of our new. Chil-
. dren's Department— by far the most com-
plete and extensive in the city. A Superb
Selection ; of the newest things, and all ... •; :u
shown to you under the broad light of day. |
' It is especially arranged for the comfort of 3
See O-u.r !<re-w Store!
h. summTrheld & co.,
822-830 MARKET STREET. 1
expected, however, from Mr. Hamlin's
call to arms.
Postmaster-General Wilson still remains
silent.
The critical illness of Justice Field of
the Supreme Court makes a vaoancv on.
the bench one of tue possibilities of the
near future. Justice Field soughi all his
life to outlive the contingency that Mr.
Cleveland might appoint his successor,
but it appears that fate will defeat him,
at last. It is believed that the appoint
ment will go to Mr. Wilson or Mr. Car
lisle. Hence it is not to be expected
of these two gentlemen that he will be
particularly vociferous in voicing his atti
tude to the Democratic ticket. They are
between two nres. After tbe appointment
by the sound money Presidentcomes con
firmation by the free silver Senate. If
either gentleman comes out for Bryan and
Sewall too pointedly he will offend the
President and fail to get the appointment.
If, on the other hand, he bolts the ticket,
he will offend the Senate and will thns
fail to be confirmed.
'•For," said a very prominent Demo
cratic Senator this "afternoon, "we will
loot upon every member of the Cabinet
who is not with us as against us, and we
will certainly refuse to confirm any one of
them whom Mr. Cleveland appoints to the
Supreme bench if he bolts the Democratic
ticket."
♦
FOR BRYAN AND SEWALL.
Two Republican Newspapers of
Montana Desert the Candidates
of the Party.
' BUTTE, Host., July 21.— The Butt*
Inter-Mountain (R.), owned by United
States Senator Lee Mantle, is out with a
repudiation of the McKiniey and Hobart
ticket, and declares for Bryan and dewall
on the silver question. It says:
''Logically, consistently and honestly,
if they believe in silver and not gold, the
great majority of Republicans in Montana
will support Bryan and Sewall. They can
pursue no other course. Montana Repub
licans think not less of protection, but
more of silver, and they have intelligence
enough to understand that there is as
much protection for all the products of
human- toil in silver as there is in a
tariff."
The Madison of ; Virginia City, Mont.,
the oldest Republican paper in the State,
also declares lor Bryan and Sewall.
♦
Hartman Visits Bryan
LINCOLN, Nebr., July 21.—Representa
tive Hartman of Montana arrived in Lin
coln to-day from Denver and had a con
ference with Mr. Bryan. He told a United
Press representative that he knew the
Democratic nominee very well and had
come to assure him of support. Mr. Hart
man was one of tbe silver Republicans
who bolted the St. Louis convention with
Senator Teller. He worked for Mr. Teller
at the Democratic Convention, but says
he will work just as hard to elect Bryan.
He predicted that Montana would give a
majority of 30,00") for the Democratic nom
inee for President and would elect a Re
publican Governor and State officers.
Bryan Is Gratified.
OMAHA, Nebr., July 21.— Mr. Bryan is
very much . gratified at the action of the
silver Republicans. The gentlemen who
signed the address published this morning
are all personal friends with whom he
served in Congress. Knowing their devo
tion to the cause of bimetallism he has en
tertained no doubt as to their cordial sup
port. The address as published in some
of ttie papers did not include the name of
Congressman Cliarles Towne of Minnesota,
but Mr. Bryan was informed to-day that
Mr. Towne had authorized his name to be
signed to the address.
South Dakota for Bryan.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 21.— The South
Dakota delegation organized to-night and
resolved to support Mr. Bryan for Presi
dent, but declined to indorse Mr. Sewall
for second place on the ticket.
34
SWEPT TO DEATH
WHILE SLEEPING.
Two Houses and All of the
Occupants Washed
Away.
TEN PERSONS PERISH.
Terrible Havoc From a Cloud
burst in Franklin County,
Kentucky.
WIDESPREAD RUIN REPORTED
Railroad Tracks, Bridges and Entire
Fields of Grain Carried Off by
the Torrent.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July 21.— Ten lives
were lost and great havoc wrought to
property by a cloudburst last night and
early this morning which seems to have
vented its fury on Benson CreeK in Frank
lin County, where two houses were washed
away and every one of their occupants
drowned. The dead are:
James Bradley and two children; bodies
recovered.
Mrs. George Bryant and two children;
bodies recovered.
Unknown man; body recovered.
Mrs. James Bradley and two children;
bodies not recovered.
While the rainfall within an area of 100
miles ranged from 2.5 to 7.15 inches, no
further loss of life is reported, though
bridges are down and communication
from the county seal to the outiyine por
tions is cut off.
Mrs. Bryant kept a tollgate near the
bridge. The little tollhouse was right on
Benson Creek, just across from James
Bradley's and not far from her father's,
Squire Moore. The Con way mill, just
above, was the first to go. Its timbers
must have swept away the Bryant and
Bradley houses. These houses themselves
must have hit the railroad bridge tv;o
miles below, as no mill timbers are seen
below. The bridge was swept away with
terrible force. Everything about it, iron
and all, except the main abutments, is
gone.
In ten minutes after the cloudburst Ben
son Creek, which empties into the Ken
tucky River immediately below the town,
was a mad, swollen river, covering the val
ley on either side and sweeping everything
before it. Ail trains are laid up until re
pairs can be made. Passengers are being
transferred around the break in waeons.
The biggest property damage was prob
ably at Pence's sawmills. The supply of
logs was tied up in great rafts on the river
just below where Benson Creek empties.
Every log, representing more than 25,000
feet of lumber, was swept away. The iron
rails for fifty feet back of the abuttment of
the Louisville and Nashville bridge were
twisted in two and dragged down the
stream with the bridge.
Dispatches from all parts of the east
central portion of the State report great
loss. Bridges on the Louisville and Nash
ville Railroad east of here were washed
out and traffic is at a standstill. Farmers
in this section suffered heavy loss, entire
fields of wheat and corn being swept away-
The loss to lumbermen alone the Ken
tucky River will be enormous, saveral
mills and thousands of logs having been
swept away.
At Shelbyville Clear Creek overflowed
the lower portions of tne town and pat
out the fires in the gas works. At Hard
insburg the water stood five feet deep in
the Baptist and Methodist churches. At
Louisville over five inches of rain has
fallen during the past twenty-four hours,
flooding cellars and railroad tracks and
breaking huge sewers. The LouiSvizle
and Nashville is the greatest sufferer, the
tracks which connect the Cincinnati divi
sion with the main division being under
water.
FARMERS MADE SAPPY.
Good Crop* Reported in Nearly Every
Section of the Country.
CHICAGO, 111., July 21.— The week has
been favorable for growing crops in the
principal agricultural States. Too much
rain, however, caused damage to grain in
shock in the Ohio Valley and Tennessee.
Corn has made excellent progress during
the week, and the outlook for this crop in
the great corn States continues most
promising. The crop is decidedly in ad
vance of tne season, and the early planted
in Kansas, Missouri and Illinois is near
ing maturity. In South Dakota and ex
treme Western Nebraska corn is in need
of rain. Spring wheat has experienced
favorable weather conditions in Minne
sota and is reported as somewhat im-
Droved in North Dakota, but has been
injured to some extent in South Dakota
by rust and dry, hot weather.
Tuere has been too much rain for cotton
in Georgia. Florida and South Carolina.
Cotton is suffering from drought in Ar
kansas, Louisiana and Mississippi. In
Texas the week has been very favorable
and the cotton has, as a result of recent
rains, taken new growth and i 3 doing
well. The general outlook for tobacco
continues promising.
South Dakota— Showers few and scat
tered. In many localities wheat, oats and
potatoes were more or less injured by high
temperature. Corn did well generally and
is tasseling and earing, but needs rain,
Some wheat and oats harvested.
Kansas — Hot and dry for two days,
cooler and moist afterward, with abundant
rains except in extreme western counties.
Conditions unusually favorable to all
growing crops and they are in prime con
dition. Early corn is in roasting ear in
northern portion, with late corn following
raoidly.
Nebraska— Small grain harvest well ad
vanced and thresning commenced. Win
ter wheat yielding weli, but oats light in
quantity and poor in quality. Corn nas
grown well and continues in excellent con
dition, except in extreme western coun
ties, where it suffers tome injury from
drought. The ground is beginning to get
dry and rain would be beneficial in most
sections of the State.
lowa — Copious raius, fairly well dis
tributed over central and southern dis
tricts, greatly helped corn, potatoes, grass
and garden truck. Harvests cf hay and
small grains about completed and early
threshing reports indicate very light yield
and weight of oats with wheat add barley
somewhat below the average.
CLOSING THE IRON MINES.
About Two Thousand Men Are Thrown
Out of En ployment.
ISHPEMING, Mich., July 21.— The ore
shipments from Lake Superior and Lake
Micbigan ports up to June 30 exceeded the
heavy shipments of last year by over 500,
--000 tons. All the mines are getting ready
to make retrenchments in the matter of
mining, the largest being tnat of the
Metropolitan Land and Iron Company.
owning and operating the Norrie, East
Norrie and Pabst mines at Ironwood.
which have produced about 1,000.000 tons
of ore a year for the last five years. After
two reductions of the working force heroic
measures nave been taken and the mines
are practically closed, throwing nearly
2000 men out of employment. Other
mines are getting ready to close and the
operators hold out no hop« of opening.
Tne miners are aiarmed at existing condi
tions.
SATOLLDS SUCCESSOR.
Catholics Are Eagerly Awaiting Jits
Arrival in Ittis Country.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 21.— The Ro
man Catholics of the country are await
ine with lively interest the arrival of
Monsignor Diomede Falconio. papal dele
gate to the United States, who is to suc
ceed Cardinal Satolli as the Pope's repre
sentative in this country. He is booked
to leave this week.
Monsignor Falconio was born about
fifty -five years ago in Italy, and came to ;
this country in 1863. He completed bis
theological studies in St. Bonaventure's
College, Allegany. Cattaraugus County, N.
V., and was ordained a priest by the late
BishoD Timon of Buffalo in 1866. His first
work in New York was at tho Franciscan
Monastery at 151 Thompson street. He
was rector of St. Anthony's church, and
worked in conjunction with Father Ana
cletus. In 1885 he went to Rome, where
he held several important offices. He was
then made archbishop. Prominent Ro
man Catholics in. this city are of the
opinion that Monsignor Falconio will
prove quite acceptable, because of bis long
residence in America, and also on account
of his thorough knowledge of American
methods and institutions.
TRAGEDY ON THE OCEAN,
The Herbert Fuller's Captain,
His Wife and Second Mate »
Are Murdered.
Mysterious Conduct of the Drunken
Crew, Who Are All Thrown
Into Prison.
HALIFAX, N. 8., July 21.-Quite a sen
sation was caused here to-day by the ar
rival of the American ship Herbert Fuller.
She sailed from Boston a few days ago,
bound for Rosario. As soon as the vessel
came into tbe harbor it was seen that
something was wrong on board. Tbe
proper sails were not set and the crew
acted very strangely. News soon reached
the from the ship that the bodies of
three murdered people were on board.
The proper officials were notified and an
investigation promptly made. Tbe offi
cers of the law were horrified to find that
the murdered persons were Captain Nash,
his wife and Second Mats Brunberg.
No one aboard would give any informa
tion as to how the murders occurred or
who was responsible for them. The only
thing they could find out definitely was
that the killing took place on Juiy 13. At
that time there were seven men on the
ship, besides a passenger named Monck.
None ot the men would talk. It is be
lieved that an outbreak took place among
the men and that Second Mate Brunberg
attempted to stop it. The sailors resented
his interference and killed him. Captain
Nash took a hand in the mate's behalf
and was also killed in the presence of his
wife, who was afterward murdered in or
der that she might tell 1.0 tales. There
was plenty of liquor on board, and it is
believed the crew had been drunk for sev
eral days.
Jt is hoped that more light will be
thrown on the traeedy in a few days, when
the men get sober enougn to appreciate
the awful position they are in. It is prob
able that the bloody wort may have been
done by some one or two men, while the
others are shielding them.
Ail of the people on the vessel were
promptly thrown into prison. It is ex
pected that some of them will tell the de
tails of the killing before many days have
passed. _____^____^___
INSANE FATHER'S DEED,
Cuts the Throats of His Three
Children While They
Lie Asleep.
He Then Set Fire to His Dwelling
and Shoots Himself Through
the Heart.
ATTICA, Mich., July 11.— The most hor
rible tragedy ever enacted in this part of
the State of Michiga n took place near this
town this morning, when a crazy man
killed three of his children and then took
his own life.
About 3 o'clock thin morning the dis
covery was made that the house of Gor
man Swain, a farmer living not far from
the outskirts of town, was on fire. Neigh
bors were soon on the scene, and did what
they could to save the house.
When the flames were sufficiently sub
dued to allow an investigation a horrible
discovery was made. It was found that
the fire was the last act of a dreadful trag
edy.
The first thine the searchers discovered
was the body of Swain lying on the floor.
In th» hand' was still grasped a revolver,
while a bullet hole iv tne breast directly
over the heart showed the manner of the
man's death. Powder stains on the cloth
ing left no doubt that death was the result
of suicide.
Farther on were found the bodies of
Swain's youngest three children, all dead,
with their throats cut from ear to ear. A
butcher-knife, all stained with blood, lay
near the bodies of the little victims.
There can be no doubt that Swam killed
his children and then shot himself. He
had been acting queeriy for some time
and was undoubtedly insane at the time
be committed the deed. It is evident
from the indications in the house that he
arose early this morning and butchered
the children while they lay asleep. He
cut their throats with the butcher-knife
and then, when sure of their death, set
fire to the house and shot himself through
the heart.
The dead children are: Frank, aged 11;
Lucy, aged 9, aud Jimmie, aged 7. Three
older children had gone to a neighbor's
house, where they were staying all night,
and it is to this that they owe their lives.
JAMAICA'S RAILROAD DISASIER.
Seventeen Persons Killed, and , Twenty.
Two Injured, Ten Fatally. ■
BALTIMORE, Me, July 2L— The
steamer 'America, from Jamaica ports,
brings details of the accident on the new
Jamaican ;. railroad, recently., reported in
these dispatches, and -in which seventeen
persons lost their lives and twenty-two
were severely injured. It occurred July 11
near Annato Bay.. A locomotive drawing
six flatcars 1 loaded with colored laborers,
male and female, was I descending a step
mountain grade when the air r brakes
failed and the train began a wild flight.
Near the bottom of the grade it collided
with a locomotive standing on the track.
Seventeen men were instantly killed and
twenty-two men and women injured, ten'
fatally. ' '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1896.
COOLIES WORK IN
BIGGS' CANNERY,
White Men in Want While
Asiatics Are Offered
Employment.
PROTEST OF CITIZENS
Gave a Subsidy for the Plant
to Provide for Local
Laborers.
THEIR CHAKITY GOES ASTRAY.
Managers of tbe New Concern Give
Situations to Mongols and
Japanese.
BIGGB, Cal., July 21.-The people of
this town, in the heart of the fruit coun
try of Northern California, have a griev
ance. After raising a fund to provide
labor for the unemployed of the district,
they find that the beneficiaries of their
generosity are Chinese and Japanese
coolies and white laborers from other sec
tions of the State. To secure a fruit can
nery here they gave a liberal subsidy, and
now that the managers of the plant ignore
the unemployed men of Butte County,
the subscribers to the fund feel justified in
complaining.
Early last spring a project was started
to provide employment to the idle in this
vicinity. So enthusiastic were the citizens
that they subscribed $5000 toward the erec
tion of a cannery. With this substantial
aid Hackmott & Nelson carried out the
project and in due time one of the most
complete canneries in the State was
erected.
When the fruit season was at its prime
the cannery managers advertised in all
the county papers for help. In conse
quence, many men with their families
moved to Biggs, hoping to get work.
Some were employed, but the greater
number could not secure positions. This
did not create much ill feeling, but when
the managers contracted with a Chinese
company for cheap labor, and Chinamen
and Japs were engaged to do the cooking
and soldering in the warehouse, a storm
of indignation was aroused. Those who
subscribed toward tne erection of the
plant declare they will not live up to their
agreement. It is claimed also, that out
siders are given employment in preference
to the Biggs people.
Two white men are on hand for even*
position in the cannery, this being the re
sult of advertising that 500 people were
wantel, when, as a matter of fact, tbe
cannery has been overcrowded with ap
plicants constantly.
PACIFIC GROVE CONCERT
Cbautauquans Close the Summer
Session With Music and
Song.
Selah W. Brown Defends the Bible
Against the Attacks of Colonel
Ingersoll.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., July 21.— This
was the last day of Chautauquan As
sembly. All classes met at 9 o'clock and
remained in session late so they might
finish up their several studies. The class
in singing will not close until Friday or
Saturday.
The forum hour was consumed by a dis
cussion of silver. - Edward Berwick was
chairman. All Chautauqua members gave
their views on the subject.
This afternoon Selah W. Brown deliv
ered a lecture on "Honor-Bright Bob," re
ferring to Colone 1 Robert G. Ingersoll as
the greatest living infidel. He began with
an account of ingersoll's early life in Illi
nois; then taking up his lectures he
quoted from them and answered bis objec
tions to the Bible. Mr. Brown then spoke
of the character of Ingersoll's audiences,
and contrasted infidelity with Christianity.
He spoke of the wonderful progress which
Christianity has made and backed bis
statements with statistics. He enlarged
particularly on In^ersoll's lecture, 'The
Mistakes of Moses." The speaker met the
objection that there was mystery in Chris
tianity by proving that there was mystery
in everything. He gave a history of in
fidelity in France, pictured a number of
deathbed scenes, and closed with a glow
ing eulogy on the Bible.
The Knickerbocker Male Quartet, Miss
Gruenhapen and all the assembly talent,
regular and special, participated in the
closing concert to-night. The hall was
crowded long before the time for the en
tertainment to commence. The Knicker
bocker quartet was received with great
enthusiasm. The events of the evening
were: HQB •"•
"In Silent Mead," Knickerbocker Male Quartet
Piano, "Tarantella." Hoscoe Warren l,ucy.
"The Volley by the Sea," D. B. Crane. •
Violin solo, A. T. Stewart.
Duet, I). M. Lawrence and R. Powell Evans.
Heading. Miss safiord.
••Hosanna," Miss Millie Flynn.
Cornet solo, la Ist >hlp.ey.
"Bally in Oar Alley," Knickerbocker Male Quar
tet*
"O star of Love," Miss Millie Flynn.
•■Queen of tbe Earth." Ik. M. Lawrence.
Violin solo, A.T. Stewart.
••Simple Blmon," Knickerbocker Male Quartet.
"Kin O'er Land and Sea, L. A. Larten.
•'Good- .Night." Knickerbocker Male Quartet.
All the Chautauqua members leave to
morrow. A great number will go to Long
Beach, near Los Angeles, to assist in the
work at that place. Selah W. Brown will
deliver lectures there, and Miss Whittaker
will have charge of the cooking class.
Fate of « Merced Hough.
MERCED, Cal., July 21.— Charles J.
Thompson, who interrupted Gustave
Koegle a transcontinental walking trip
with a couplins-pin last week, was brought
up before the court this morning on the
charge of assault. By consent of the Dis
trict Attorney he was allowed to plead
guilty and was sentenced to confinement
in the penitentiary for two years.
Beld for a Merced Murder.
MERCED, Cal., July 21.— The prelim
inary trial of Rix Shaver for shooting
E.mer Bowles a week ago was held before
Justice Read this morning. The Justice
remanded Shaver to the custody ol the
Sheriff without bonds, to await "trial on
the charge of murder.
Rain falli at Ventura.
VENTURA, Cal., July 21.-Tbe first
July ram in many years began falline at
7 o'clock this evening. No damage to the
bean crop is anticipated, unless the rain
continues for a long period. The hay is
nearly harvested.
WERE MARRIED BY TELEPHONE.
James Lawler and Miss Ollie Ray, whose likenesses are here reproduced, are the
young people who, standing in the Sunset Telephone office in Tulareon Sunday, were
made man and wife by Rev. K. H. Bateman, who was at Santa Cruz, 250 miles away.
Ihe voices of the principals in this romantic ceremony could be recognized through
the 'phone, and Pastor Bateman declare* the knot was firmly tied. Mr. and Mrs.
Lawler were launched upon the sea of matrimony in a manner so charming in its
novelty that "telephone marriages" are expected to become a fad in Tuiare.
SANTA BARBARA NOVELTY,
Red, White and Blue Larkspurs
Grown Upon a Single
Plant.
Florist Tebbetts Will Send to McKin
ley a Bouquet of the National
Colors.
BANT A BARBARA, Cal., July 21.—
La-t year The Call made note of a very
interesting and unique development in
floriculture in Santa Barbara made by
George P. Tebbetts, an old-time journal
ist, who planted the seeds of the pink,
white and blue larkspur in b.13 own gar
den, and was later surprised to find several
plants, each one bearing the National
colora distinctly dehned and separated.
Mr. Tebbetts carefully garnered the seea
and this year planted it, hoping to estab
lish a new and patriotic species of delphi
nium. The result has been something of
a disappointment in that the colors, in
stead of keeping clearly dehned, have
insisted upon more closely combining.
They do not exactly form stripes and
■tan, but the red, the blue and tbe white
form bars and specks and body color upon
the same blossoms. Tbe experimenter
will persevere in li is effort, and hopes by
the time McKinley is inaugurated to send
him a bouquet which will represent in one
graceful flower, as never before, the Na
tional colors of the land over which he
will preside.
GARDENS SUFFER A DROUGHT.
Santa Barbara Still Struggling With the
Water Question. ■
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., July 21.— At
a meeting of the City Council this after
noon the city, engineer revised the estimate
for a street-sprinkling and water supply
system to read as follows: Cost of pipe
system for the city, $29,1.00; cost of tunnel,
pipe line : and reservoir. $20,000; cost of
pumping plant for sea water, $900. ' .
"The water question is the great con
sideration of the hour here. -Notwith
standing the copious rains of last winter,
the city supply is running so short that it
has been necessary to discontinue sprink
ling the streets, and citizens cannot obtain
enough water to sprinkle their, gardens.
As flowing water has been developed in
tunnels in Cold Spring Canyon, it seems
desirable to convey the flow to tne city as
soon a* possible. Meantime the great Pa
cific laves the city's feet, an unlimited
reservoir from which to draw to lay the
dust on the streets. People ara beginning
to believe that it is about time to draw
upon this great natural advantage, and
there are even some wags who assert that
if the Pacific were on the other side of the
Santa Ynez range San ta Barbara would
long ago have set out to tunnel the moun
tains to bring it hither.
SANTA BARBARA'S HIGH SCHOOL.
Iom!/i» to Be Educated in the Old San
Marco Hoiel liutlding.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., July 2L—
The School Trustees of this city nave ne
gotiated a lease of the San Marcos Hotel,
hitherto under lease to Walter J. Ray
mond. The old hotelry will henceforth
be used to accommodate the high school,
which is in a vigorous condition with a
membership of 180 punils, The high
school has hitherto had, crowded quarters
in an unsavory location in the old Third
Ward school building.
The San Marcos was built in 1872 for the
Santa Barbara college, an institution well
organized and manned, but which was de
cidedly in advance of the educational re
quirements of this town twenty-four years
ago and which soon collapsed for lack of
support. It is now the property of the
Hollister estate. The building has beauti
ful and extensive grounds and will be in
all respects a fine home for the advanced
pupils of the public schools.
ECONOMY IN THE ASYLUM.
Dr. Clark Says Expense Bills Are Xot
l'niirrei*artly Large.
STOCKTON, Cal., July 21.— Dr. Clark
was seen by a Call correspondent to-day
with, reference to bis having been called
before the State Board of Examiners yes
terday by Governor Jtfudd and questioned
regarding the increased expense of main
taining the Stockton Asylum.
"There is no doubt," said he, "that the
payroll has increased considerably, but
my policy has been to look at the general
results in the line of economy and not to
make any particular branch look as though
it cost less than formerly. The general
saving for the whole institution here has
been very great this year and we are many
thousands oi dollars below the estimates
made for the asylum.
"I will explain why the payroll is larger
than it was. I have about finished the
work on the farm. We have here alto
getner about 100 acres of land and now
some eighty acres are under cultivation.
All the work is done by the patient?, and
often as many as 100 at a time are sent out
to work in the held or garden. It takes
more attendants to care for them outside
than it would to herd the men inside the
asylum yard and wards.
"The employment of patients in making
these swimming tanks and in tilling the
fields not only aids the econom.cal run
ning of tne asylnm, but is a benefit to
them mentally and physically. It gives
t .em beaithy exercise and enables patients
to take their minds from their troubles,
thus helping to cure many of them."
Attempted Suicide at Merced.
MERCED, Cal., July 21.— William Tee
pies, a young man 2» years of age, recently
employed as a waiter, attempted suicide
thi- attertioon, because ne was out of em
ployment. He shot three times at himself,
one bullet takinp enect near the heart,
another in the leg and the lust one missing
him entirely. The wounded roan was ru
mored to the hospital, where he is resting
easily. *
ACCUSE FRESNO'S SHERIFF
Experts Declare He Has Drawn
Money to Which He Was
Not Entitled.
Supervisors Order the District At
torney to Bring Suit for Its
Recovery.
FRESNO, Cal., July 21.— Two experts
appointed by the Board of Supervisors to
examine the books of the Sheriff's office
rendered a report to-day, in which they
state that Sheriff Scott has been paid
$2581 03 in excess of what he should have
been paid for boarding prisoners. The
experts state that they found the jail reg
ister in a deplorable condition. There
were numerous mistakes and double reg
istrations of prisoners, which could only
be corrected by referring to the records of
the various courts. The report gives a
long tabulated statement, purporting to
show that during forty-one months, end
ing May 30. 1896, Sheriff Scott received
$2581 03 more than he was entitled to for
the maintenance of prisoners.
The Supervisors received the report,
placed it on rile and passed a motion in
structing the District Attorney to proceed
immediately to collect overcharges from
the Sheriff.
By his friends, Sheriff Scott is not
deemed guilty of willfully delrauding the
county. He bad been feeding the pris
oners who worked on the chaingang three
meals a day, and in this manner doubled
On the "number of breakfasts." He did
this, it is claimed, with the full knowledge
of the Board of Supervisors, and it al
lowed his bills. Since then, however, ill
feeling of a political nature has arisen
between the Sheriff and the Supervisors,
and the latter now ciaim that they never
passed an order allowing the Sheriff to
feed the prisoners three meals a day.
FIREBUGS FRIGHTENED AWAY.
An Attempt to Destroy the Magnificent
Barton Opera- Bouse.
FRESNO, Cal., July 21.— Firebugs last
night attempted to set fire to tbe Barton
Opera-house in this city. When Janitor
Hall made his rounds this morning he
found that the firehose had been cut and
the water turned off in the pipe. This
aroused bis suspicions, and making a tour
of investigation he discovered an odor of
kerosene in the basement under the stage.
There was no evidence of fire, however,
the miscreants having evidently been
frightened away.
The opera-house is one of the finest in
the State, and had a blaze gained any
headway the loss would have ben great.
It is situated in tbe business portion of the
city. No motive for the deed can be
ascribed, nor is there any clew to the cul
prits.
MAR I N JAILBIRDS FOILED.
Convicts at San Rafael Detected While
,  Sauting Bart.
SAN KAFAEL, ; Cal., July 21.— Some
San Quentin expert work was done in the
Marin County jail to-day. A score or
more of Warden Hale's boarders are here,
having come to prove the innocence of
Robert Kelley, who murdered Convict
Arrison in prison last May. These prison
ers " testify and are taken from the court
to the jail down stairs. Four or five of
them were in a cell together this forenoon,
when a noise attracted attention, and an
examination revealed that they had sev
ered one window bar and very nearly cut
another. In a few minutes the whole
party would have been out. It is sup
posed that they bad secured some broken
saws. The work was done with remarka
ble dispatch.
*
SAN JOSE SUNDER SUIT.
Bookbinder Brosius Demands Reparation
for Being Called a "Green
Goods Man."
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 21.— H. Brosius,
a bookbinder, has begun suit against M. 8.
Jaffe, a liquor-dealer, for $5000 damages
for slander. Yesterday Brosius and Jaffe
had a row in the latter's store and Brosius
had Jaffe arrested for disturbing tbe
peace. At a trial in the afternoon the
charge against Jaffe was dismissed. It is
aliened that during the row and in the
presence of numerous people Jaffe ac
cused Brosius of buyinp "«reen goodB,"
and used the following language:
"You are a scoundrel and a swindler;
you are a 'green goods' man ; you buy and
sell 'green kooos' and you swindle and rob
the people with them.
Several years ago Brosius was swindled
out of $1000 by Eastern "green poods"
men. Waiie on the stand in the Police
Court yesterday be denied he had at
tempted to ever buy "green goods," but
had been swindled out of SIOOO in buying
some jewelry in the East. He said he "sent ;
$1000 East to buy some jewelry, but all he I
received in return was a small box of saw
dusU
Hi* beck Broken by a Fall.
SAN JOSE, Gal., July 21.— Samuel Del
gado, while picking pears at his home at
Santa Clara this afternoon, fell from a tree
and broke his neck. He stepped on a rot
ten limb, which pave way, causing him to
fall a distance of about twelve feet. The
deceased was about GO rears of ago. He
was a native ol Italy, but had resided in
this country many year*. A widow and
several children survive him.
Ihtath of Mr: I'limpton.
BAN JOSE, Cal., July 31.— Mrs. S. Plimp
ton, an old resident of this county, died at
Agnows I nsane Asylum this morning. She
was ■ a nativo of Ohio, aped 46 years, and
hat* been: in California 35 years. The de
ceased had been an Inmate of the asylum
but a short time. Two sons aurytre h«r.
Rats are fonct of sunflower weds. A
trap baited with th**o aMds seldom fails
to catch the rodcuts.J
FEW DEMOCRATS
IN HUMBOLDT.
The Daily Standard Says
They Have Gone Over
to Populism.
RENOUNCE THE PARTY.
The Editor Says He Will Never
Advocate Free Coinage
of Silver.
MISTAKEN ZEAL OF LEADERS.
A Democratic Leader Who Believes
That Right Is Above Blind
Allegiance.
EUREKA, Cal., July 21.— The Daily
Humboldt Standard, the leading Demo
cratic newspaper of this county, in reply
to an article in this morning's Times, a
Republican paper, claiming that tbe
Standard's attitude as regards the Chicago
platform is inconsistent, has the following
to say on the silver question :
"The Standard has not advocated free
coinage of 50-cent dollars and while the
present editor controls the paper it will
not do so. As far as the Democratic party
is concerned we have little left of it in
this section. It has gone over to the Pop
ulists. Right is above party allegiance
and though 1000 men in their mistaken
zeal should stand up and swear that it is
right and just and honest to make debased
coinage and declare it legal tender we
could not believe it."
OREGON BIMETALLISTS.
Leaders Favor an Indorsement of Bryan
at St. Louis. .
PORTLAND, Ok., July 21.— Adherents
and supporters of the new political power
in this State, the Bimetallic League, which
held its convention on July 9 at McMinn
ville, look with trepidation upon the pos
sible split of the Populists at St. Loijis.
The hope of the bimetallists is to unite,
if possible, all the differing Populistic fac
tions on the money question, and all the
influence possible will be exerted to that
end to oppose the single gold-standard
nominee of the Republican party. There
fore there are anxious eyes turned toward
St. Louis. The leaders of the Bimetallic
League of Oregon are working with might
and main for ibe spread of the doctrines
of the bimetallism, and the disconnected
and discontented are asked to try the new
I remedy 3nd to sever connections with the
' gold bugs. President Essies ton of the
Bimetallic League in Ashland, one of the
strongholds of the party and which sent a
large delegation to St. Louis to boom the
double-standard's advantages, has issued
1 an address, in which he says:
It is expected a union will be effected so
that Populists, silver Democrats and silver Re
publicans will have but one electoral ticket in
the field in- Oregon. This will mean victory
for us in this State by a majority of at least
20,000 in the Presidential election over the
slngle-gold-atandard: nominee of the Republi
can parly. By union the silver men will elect
the next President; by division they will do
precisely what the gold men desire and will
place a gold man in the White House for an
other four years. . . • . •
Woodland's McKinley Club.
WOODLAND, Cal., July 2L— A number
of Woodland's young Republicans have
opened the campaign for McKinley, Ho
bart, protection and prosperity. A peti
tion was circulated yesterday and before
night over 100 voters had signed, signify
ing their intention to join aMchiniev
club. On Friday evening a mass-meeting
will be held in the City Hall for the pur
pose of organization, and by that time it
is expected that the roll will contain over
250 names.
Los Gate* Populist Club.
LOS GATOS, Cal., July 2L-The Popu
lists of Los Gatos have organized a polit
.-u---.1-.-r--,, - - .-.. -' .. _ l _-,',- ; - -' -■' WEW T °* DAT - .' - " '__'_' '\ _■_'_...„_■•..
NOT A
BUTTON
IN
mi ■ " W& Jbm - I^l MB B9 '
SIGHT
I
That's the latest New York fashion, and we
were first to introduce it here. We're first in
fashions, first in quality and first in low prices.
Cutaway Suits, with fly coats and vests not a
button visible. Browns, tans, grays and invisible
plaids. Flap pockets.
" Sack Suits in latest patterns, for summer and
business wear. Gut in the latest New York style,
with no outside breast pocket. Every suit has
narrow trousers — all New York wears them.
$15, $16.50 and $18 — the kind that costs you at
your tailor's $30, 35 and $40.
BROWN^^
Wholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon C:'y Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
nSK^y RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 S ANSOM E STREET,
Set. Busk and Pine Sis.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
ical club and will take an active interest in
the fall campaign. The following officers
have been elected: President, j. J. a,
Waner; vice-president, S. H. Herring* sec
retary, C. A. Tobey ; treasurer, T. S. Cam.
den.
A IOWA WITHOUT AUTONOMY.
Waterloo* Municipal Officials Resign U
■ .;' ■'..■' Evade «• Judgment.
ALBANY, Ob., July 21.— The little town
of Waterloo is in a peculiar predicament.
As the result of a lawsuit it is without
municipal government whatever. Re
cently Joseph Misner was visited by Rev.
Mr. McVicar. The latter's child became
ill with" measles, and because. Mr. Misner
did not put out a flag to warn people
against contagion he was arrested and
fined $15 and costs. He appealed the case
to the Circuit Court and won his suit.
The costs, amounting to $53, were recov
ered from the town.
The town officers did not take this de
cision kindly, but what was worse there
was no money in the treasury to Day the
judgment. • So Mayor Turpin, Recorder
Stiers, Marshal Devine and the whole
Council resigned, leaving the town with
out anybody to look after municipal busi
ness. , " - .
SEFAR POSTOFFICE ROBBED.
Masked Men Collect a Contribution From
the Government.
SILVER CITY, N. Mex., July 21.-
News reached here to-day of the holding
up last night by three mounted and
masked men of the United States post
office at Separ, about thirty miles west
from Deming. The building was also oc
cupied by the general merchandise store
of John D. Weems, who was Postmaster.
Government money and stamps were
taken. Officers are in pursuit. The rob
bers are supposed to have been cowboys,
who have likely made their escape across
the border into old Mexico.
Postmaster Weems and assistants were
covered with revolvers while the robbery
was perpetrated. The scene of the rob
bery is a small station on the Southern
Pacific Railroad.
WOODLAND RACE MEETING
Gallopers and Harness Horses
to Contest Late in
August
Liberal Purses Offered by the Agri
cultural District Fair Asso
ciation.
WOODLAND, Cal., July 21.— The di
rectors of the Fortieth Agricultural Dis
trict Fair Association met last night and
fixed the date for holding the annual fair
and race meet. It will begin on August
24 and continue until the 29th inclusive,
W. P. McNair has been engaged to do the
starting in harness races. Purses aggre
gating $9200 are announced as follows:
Trotting— 2:ll class, purse $600; 2:15 class,
purse $500:2:17 class, purse $500; 2:17 class,
purse tfSOG; 2:20 class, purse $500; 2:-4 class,
purse $500; free for all 3- year-olds, $500.
Pacing— hree-for-all claßß, purse $600; 2:12
class, purse $500; 2:15 class, purse $500; i!:U0
class, purse $500; 'Z :'25 class, purse $500; lree
for all 3-year-olds, $500.
Running — Thursday, August 27 — Five
eighths ot a mile for all ages, $200; hall a
mile heats, $250; mile, $300; three-quarters
of a mile daati, $250. Friday, August :>—
Thirteen-sixieenttis of a mile, $200; five
eighths of a mile, $250; one and a sixteenth
miles, $300; three-quarters of a mile, $250.
Saturday, August 29— Five-eighths of a mil*,
$200; four aud a half furlongs, 2-year-olds,
$250; one and an eighth miles, $300; seven
eighths of a mile, $250.
RACES AT PETALUMA.
Long List of Entries for- thm Agricultural
Society Meeting.
PETALUMA, Cal., July 21.— There is
probably no town in California that feels
the "hard timed" less than Petaluma, and
when the directors of the Sonoma and
Marin Agricultural Society expressed a
doubt as to the possibility of holding a
fair and race meet this year the business
men at once bestirred themselves and sub
scribed so generously that the coming fair
is certain to be a most successful one. The
scene at the fair grounds is already a
lively one. There are now 200 runners
and trotters a& the park, and more are ar
riving daily, while the many trainers,
stable-boys and other attendants make the
place a busy little town in itself.
The meeting will begin on August 3,
and the entry lists are already lengthy.
In some of the farming districts of
China pies are harnessed to small wagons
and made to draw them.DE VRIES NAMED
AT SACRAMENTO,
Nominated for Congress by
Second District Demo
crats.
MEETS NO OPPOSITION.
But One-Fifth of the Delegates
Are in Attendance at the
Convention.
POIICY OF THE CANDIDATE.
Favors the Free Coinage of Silver
ard Is Opposed to tbe Fund*
ing Bill.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 21.-The
Democratic Convention of the Second
Congressional District was held in the
Capitol building this afternoon, it being
an adjourned meeting from the 16rb of
June. Only about one-fifth of the dele
gates were present, and but few of the ab
sentees were represented by proxies. The
Congressional nomination was a gift for
Marion de Vries, the young attorney of
Stockton, who was named without oppo
sition. .
The convention was called to order by
Dr. H. L. Nichols of Sacramento, and the
majorities of the respective delegations
were empowered to ca^t the vote of the
absentees. In his < penin™ speech the
chairman, after outlining the duties of the
convention, reviewed the action of the
Chicago gathering.
Frank H. Gould then presented the
name of Colonel Marion de Vries of San
Joaquin County as the nominee for Con
gress from Uie Second District. Gould, in
his nomination speech, said this was a
young man's year in politics. De Vries
was only 34 years of age, was born in Cali
fornia, was educated here and had occu
pied official positions in San Joaquin
County, where he never did an official act
which was criticized. Gould promised
that De Yries would canvass the district
as it had never been canvassed before, and
work for the interests of the Democratic
party generally, as well as his own inter
ests as that party's nominee.
The nomination was seconded by GiUis
Doty and William M. Gibson, and then
General Joe Hamilton, the "old war
horse" of Placer, iv behalf of the old
guard Democrats, thanked the convention
tor its choice, and indorsed De Vrie's nom
ination, which was made unanimous.
De V ries was called to the platform. In
accenting the nomination he said:
' SVnatever the outcome ot this cam
paicn may be, it will ever be a great pleas
ure to me in after life to be aole to say
that in this convention of Second Con
gressional District Democrats my name
was pronounced by that sturdy Democrat,
General Joe Hamilton.
"I have always fell that my personality
lay wholly in my profession, ana that any |
interruption of ray practice, even for a
lew months, would be a sad thing to me.
But when I look over tbe condition of af
fairs in the representation of this district,
wiien I Jearned tnat no man could be
found who was wiliitig to lake up the in
terests of my party against of that of the
incumbent, 1 felt my duty was to accept
the honor you tender me.
'1 ieel that one who represents free sil
ver and who is opposed to the lunding
bill should be sent to Congress from this
district. When you are a3ked where your
nominee stands say that 1 am for free sil
ver at 16 to 1, and that I am unalterably
opposed to any scheme by which railroad
interests are furthered or subserved. I
was educated by Marion Biggs, my politi
cal father, to beiieve in righting for the
ticket, ana from to-day on 1 will fight to
the last to attain success."
The following Congressional committee
was selected: Amador, Silas Penry;
Butte, J. D. Sproulc; Caiaveras, Will A.
Dower; Inyo, J. H- Muiholland; PJacer,
Joe \V. Hammond; Sacramento, GiUis
Doty; San Joaquin, Frank G. Nichols:
Sutter. S. D. Hicks; Tuolume, S. D. ilo
ran; Yuba. C. S. Brook.
The committee was empowered to fill
whatever vacancy occurred in the commit
tee, and to fill any vacancy that may
occur in the nomination for Congress.
Giilis Doty arose and spoke of the death
of F. T. Van Fleet, who was a delegate
and who succumbed several days ago to
injuries received in a fall while sleep
walking. A committee of three was ap
pointed to prepare resolutions of respect,
and the secretary was instructed to spread
sucn resolutions on the minutes of the
district convention when they should be
presented to him.
EVENTS IN THE ORIENT.
Aid for the Survivors of the
Japanese Tidal -Wave
Disaster.
Rebels Capture a Formosa Town
After a Battle— Massacre of
Missionaries.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 21.— The
Empress of India arrived from tbe Orient
this evening. It brings additional par
ticulars and graphic descriptions of the
tidal-wave disaster on the north coast of
Japan. The foreign residents of Japan,
as well as the natives, have subscribed
liberally to the funds for the relief of the
distress among the survivors, and consid
erable sums have been granted for the
same purpose by the local authorities and
the Government.
The American yacht Coronet, with a
i arty of American scientists, and the
French cruiser Alper have left Yokohama
for the coast of Hokkaido, in the north.
The scientists will take part in the ob
servations of the eclipse of the sun on the
9th of August. A party of English
astronomers is soon to proceed north for
the same purpose in H. M. storeship
H umber.
The Foorth of July was celebrated at
Yokohama with considerable enthusiasm,
various sports beine arranged, such as
yacbt races and a baseball match, with
displays of day and night fireworks.
The "latest news received from Formosa
reports an insurrection in the central part
<>f the island, started by a few remaining
chines soldiers and some of the natives.
Several skirmishes have taken place be
tween these rebels, who succeeded jn cap
turing the town of Yuen-Lin from its
small .Japanese earrison. In the entrage
ment several officers and some twenty
men were killed or wounded.
Re-enforcements have been dispatched
to the disaffected districts, and it is an
ticipated that the insurrection will be
quelled very shortly.
In the northern part of the province of
Kansuen during the Jatter part of June
a mob broke into and destroyed Christian
churches. They murdered some German
missionaries and many native converts.
THREATEN HA WAIVS PEACE.
Japanese May in Tine Attempt to Over
throw the Government.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 21.— Lieutenant
Edward Wolter of the Hawaiian army,
accompanied by Miss Wolter, his daugh
ter, is in this city on a secret mission for
the Dole Government. In discussing the
possibility of an uprising on the islands
Lieutenant Wolter said;
"The natives are harmless and will make
no more trouble, but if there ever is an
'Uprising I predict it will be one conducted
by the Japanese population of Hawaii."
fcThe Japanese, the lieutenant says, out
number any other nationality on the
islands, having been imported as laborers
by thousands. He reportb prosperous
limes in Hawaii, brought about mainly
by the enormous yield this year of sugar,
coffee and rice.
Randsburg's Mining Boom.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal.. July 21.—
Sheriff Holcomo returned to-day from the
Randsburg mining district, and reports a
boom. The population of the district is
about 200, and there is not an idle man in
that region. Strides are made almost daily.
Some of them are very rich. The great
drawback is lack of water, which sells at
$2 per barrel. Two stamp mills are run
ning from one ledge; 43% tons netted
$2700. while a fifty ton lot from another
mine brought $2500. Sheriff Holcomb re
ports that the Goler and Summit districts
are very prosperous.
Aid for Alaska Miners.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 21.— Miners re
turning from Alaska say that Governor
Sheakley has promised to have the
stranded miners on Cooks Inlet brought
out of that section before cold weather
sets in. A Government vessel will go to
their assistance, if, meanwhile, they are
unable to get away.
Hnyer Xot an Innendiary.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 21.— H. W. Hayer,
who was charged with having set fire to
several haystacks near Mayfield, has been
acquitted. He claimed that his arrest was
due to spite wort, and as there was no evi
dence against him he was discharged.
STOCKTON GUARD'S CRIME
Private Lonigan Under Arrest
for Failure to Obey His
Captain.
Will Be Arraigned in a Municipal
Court on a Charge of
Insubordination.
STOCKTON, Cal., July 21. —Captain
William Bruce of Company B this after
noon swore out a warrant for the arrest of
one of the members of his company, Wil
liam Lonigan, for failing to obey the
order of his superior officer to participate
in the parade on July 4. Lonigan not
only did not appear for parade, but did
no< seek his superior officer and get ex
cuaed, as did one or two others of the
company who were unable from sickness
or other similar cause to turn out with the
company.
This is the first time in this city, within
the knowledge of local military men, that
an arrest has been made for this breach of
the military and penal laws. Other cases
similar to this have occurred in other
cities up the valley, but none here.
TO BAD THE QUARANTINR.
Washington Authorities Interested in the
Cattlemen's Behalf.
STOCKTON, Cal., July 21.— Dr. C. A.
Ruggles has returned from tne East,
whither he went to attend the national
conference of the State Boards of Health,
which was held at Chicago, and also to
have an interview witn the authorities at
Washington in reference to the Texas
fever, which was said to be prevalent
among the cattle of this State, and on ac
count of which the cattle were refused
transportation out of the State. In speak
in g of the success of his mission in the
latter capacity to-day the doctor said:
"I called upon Secretary Morton, the
Commissioner of Agriculture, and had a
conference with him and Dr. Salmon, the
Chief of Animal Industry. The gentle
men remarked that we were in a pretty
bad position, but lurtner than that bad
nothing to say. It was then suggested
that the United States Government send
an inspector to this State, to be joined
here by a person appointed by Governor
Budd to accompany nim, and that the
two make a thorough inspection of the
cattle and then make a reconim ndation
to the Legislature to pass a law to meet
the emergency. The suggestion was
gladly accepted and approved.
"We then talked over the best time of
the year to make the examination, and I
suggested the Ist prox., which was agreed
upon. I will now write to Governor Budd
asking him when I could have an inter
view with him in reference to my mis
sion."
SUES SONSOMA'S SHERIFF.
Thomas Coleman Asks for Damages for
False Imprisonment.
SANTA ROSA, Cal.. July 21.— Thomas
Coleman has commenced an action against
Sheriff S. I. Allen and his bondsmen for
$6000 damages, alleged to have been sus
tained because of his arrest and imprison
ment here a few days ago.
Coleman was arrested by the Sheriff on
suspicion of his being the "bad man from
Idaho," Jack Davis, alias Diamocdrield
Jack, wanted in Cassia County, Idaho, for
several murders and attempted murders
and for whom $4600 reward is offered.
The plaintiff alleges that he was com
pelled to shave off vis beard and submit
to having nis picture taken for the rogues'
gallery, ami for this he asks $2000. He
has retained Mrs. F. McG. Martin, the
well-known woman lawyer, to carry his
case to a final conclusion.
Santa Rosa Taxes.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., July 21.— The
County Board of Equalization finished its
work last evening and adjourned.
The board made many reductions in
assessments throughout the county, but
den ieri tbe petitions of about a dozen of
the heaviest taxpayers in this City. In
the motion of refusal it said:
All of the applications were filed at or about
12 o'clock (noon) Saturday, July 18. The
Board of Equalization has no authority by
la*v to continue in session later than Monday,
Jul 20.
We have given the said matter as care
ful consideration as the short time allowed us
permitted. We realize the values placed on
said hinds are too high, but when we come to
compare values as placed on land in
Santa Rosa and upon lands outside of the
towns we find that all descriptions of lands
under the present conditions of profits
and incomes to owners are assessed in
excess of their true assesssable value;
but it now appears that the only
way to obtain relief is to apply to the
State Board ot Equalization for a reduction on
ull lands of the county. It is therefore or
dered that the petitions be denied.
Displeased, Baptist Ministers.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., July 21.-There is
considerable comment among the Baptists
about the changing of the convention for
1898 from Denver to Chattanooga. The
delegates say that one reason for the
change was that the new board of mana
gers felt aggrieved at tbe usurpation of its
power by the retiring board, and tbat
it took a slight excuse to change the de
cision.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, IS9O.
LOVED By ALL
LOS ANGELES.
Bishop Mora's Withdrawal
Regretted in City and
Diocese.
HE WILL GO TO SPAIN.
Will Depart When the Church
Property Is Transferred to
His Successor.
BISHOP MONTGOMERY TALKS.
Deplores the Insinuation That the
Aged Prelate's Resignation Was
Not Voluntary.
Lob Angei.es Office of Th« Call, j
328 South Broadway, >
Los Angei.es, Cal., July 21. )
Francis Mora, the Bishop of the diocese
of Monterey and Los Angeles, who afier
forty years of continuous labors in behalf
of the church, during fifteen years or
which he has been in charge of a bishop
ric, has resigned his position and been suc
ceeded by George Montgomery, Coadjutor
Bishop for the past two years, will soon
depart for Spain.
Bishop Mora to-day spoke of his early
work of years ago among t ; e sparsely
populated settlement in Southern Cali
fornia, of his trips on horseback over
mountains and valleys. Durine all these
years, the Bishop said, with a pathos in
his voice, the relations to his people and
the authorities above him had always
been pleasant. He said he would spend
the remaining yeai 3 of his life in Spain,
and as the titular Bishop would be assured
of an income sufficient to supply his daily
wants.
Notwithstanding the hundreds of thou
sands of dollars' worth of property in
uiing to the church in his name and
during his official career, the Bisbop quits
the scene of his labor a poor man. He
does not own one foot of land in Cali
fornia. All of the splendid church prop
erties of more than forty parishes will pass
into the hands of Bishop Montgomery, to
be held for the church. When the trans
fer of this vast wealth has been com
pleted Bishop Mora, crowned with honors
and beloved by thousands, will retire.
Bishop Montgomery said this afternoon:
"I have little to say except that it shall be
my constant prayer that the interest of
the church shall not suffer by this change,
and that in the discharge of my duties I
shall ever try to emulate the example left
by my noble and faithful predecessor."
The Bishop said tnat a local newspaper,
in speaking of the change, had insinuated
tbat there bad been misunderstanding
and trouble between Bishop Mora and
Rome. This had annoyed the retiring
Bishop greatly, for it was so utterly un
founded and unjust. The truth was that
Bishop Mora had been a splendid success
in every department of his work, had al
ways showed great business sagacity and
had ever enjoyed tbe fullest esteem and
confidence of his superiors.
The great properties he left behind him
attested ihis. He has never, said Bishop
Montgomery, acquired any property with
out the full knowledge and consent of the
church authorities, and always for the
church and not for himself.
The incoming Bishop, who was for many
years a priest in San Francisco, is notonly
popular with the members of his church
in this city, but with all classes of people.
INSULTED ALBION'S FLAG
Policemen Must Apologize to British
Vice-Contul Mortimer.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 21.— Owing
to a display of excessive patriotism on the
part of Officers McLean, Baker and Rey
nolds of the police force of this city, these
gentlemen will, as a result of the action of
the Police Commission to-day, be com
pelled to masticate a bit of humble pie by
way of an apology to her British Majesty's
Vice-Consul Mortimer, stationed in this
city. The anxiety of the three policemen
to tweak the British lion's tail on Indepen
dence day is thf cause of the trouble.
The officers have been under suspension
for some time and their cases came up for
fanal determination to-day. Vice-Consul
Mortimer had been considerate enough to
write a letter to Chief Glass, sayinc tbat
he attributed their lack of diplomacy to
ignorance when on July 4 they demanded
that the Consul haul down the British
flag from his quarters and substitute the
Stars and Stripes. Mr. Long of the Comm
issioners said that in his opinion the
officers should not draw pay for the time
during which they were suspended, and
that tney should call upon Vice-Consul
Mortimer to express regret at thbir hasty
action, after which they should be re
instated.
Another communication from the Brit
ish Vice-Consul was filed. The substance
of it was that he was notified that the
men meant no disrespect, and he desires
to see them reinstated. Commissioner
Barham gave the men a little fatherly ad
vice about the enormity of tneir offense
and the trouble their act might have
caused the city. Officer Baker declared
that he hardly felt that he nad any apol
ogy to make, since he had only happened
to be with the others at the time. The
Chief stated tbat Officer Baker was as
much to blame as the rest.
After the officers hat departed Commis
sioner Ba;:iam said that he believed the
investigation of Officer Baker would be
continued.
"I don't like to see such an innocent
man suffer, ' said Barham. "If Baker has
made any misstatement here, and w« find
it out, Officer Baker should be dismissed
from the force."
The Chief was directed to further investi
gate Baker's part in the matter.
-♦-
ANTI-AJMWXATIOSIHTB TIELD.
Lou Angeles Will Acquire a Large Sec
tion of suburban Territory.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 21.-The
anti-annexation suit brought by Attorney-
General Fitzgerald against the city of Los
Angele- on complaint of one Ledgewood
received a death blow in the Superior
Court to-day. The disgruntled ones who
were out of sorts over the recent annexa
tion of suburban territory have weakened,
and as a result Ledgewood has decided to
let go.
In this proceeding it. was claimed that
for numerous reasons the annexation elec
tion was illegal, and it was sought to ob
tain a judgment of the court prohibit
ing the city from entering the annexed
territory and exercising municipal control
over it. When the case was called to-day a
statement was made by plaintiff's coun
sel that, on account of a failure on the part
of the plaintiff to supply the neoe&sarv
funds with which to go ou with the littga
lion, counsel desired to withdraw from the
case.
The counsel of record were: John W.
Mitchell, Frank A. Cattden, G. P. Adams,
F. M. Porter, and on motion Judge York
directed, that an order be made showing
the withdrawal that the Attorney-Gen
eral be notified and that the cau^e be con
tinued.
The action of counsel this morning is
regarded as a practical termination of the
opposition ana it is expected that to-mor
row the finishing toucnes will be put to
the collapse of the litigation.
SALE OF CHINO RANCH.
Paper* for the Final Transfer A»w Re
ina Prepared.
LOB ANGELES, Cal., July 21.— The big
Chino ranch, the property of Richard Gird
of San Bernardino County, where the beet
sugar factory is situated, is ready to pass
into English ownership. The $1,600,000
purchase money is on hand at San Fran
cisco, and Easton, Eldridge & Co. are draw
ing up the papers to make the transfer.
Within a few days these will be signed.
The ranch is one of the most valuable
properties in Southern California. It con
aists of 42,000 acres. In addition to the
land, 10,000 acres of which is planted
with sugar beets, there is a narrow-gauge
railroad line, a perfect water system and
many town lots and buildings. The
English people contemplate bringing out
a large num Uer of farmers from the old
country and placing them upon small
tracts of land, on the colonization plan.
Lectures at Long Beach.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 21.— At the
Long Beach Chautauqua assembly to-day
Mrs. Anna S. Averill lectured before the
class in American literature. She dis
cussed Franklin Pierce, the Democratic
Presidential choice in the fifties, and told
of the troublesome conditions which ex
isted during that period. An able lecture
on American citizenship was delivered in
the afternoon by Rev. Carlos Martyn. He
said that tho trend of population was
toward the cities, and it was of ti.e utmost
importance that they should be properly
governed. He believed in disfranchising
every one who did. not vote. Frank Lin
coln, the humorist, entertained tne audi
ence in the evening.
Messtnore Would Go to Congress.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 21.— Colonel
Isaac E. Messmore has authorized a Call
correspondent to say to the voters of the
Sixth Congressional District that he is a
candidate (or Congress ; that his candidacy
is not the result of "pressure from many
friends" or any party, nor yet because he
has been a wine merchant for forty years,
but because his friends regard him as a
decent sort of fellow »nd of first-class abil
ity, in which view he modestly concurs.
He is a candidate.
IN HONOR OF BORNS.
Centennial Anniversary of the Poet't
ltratti Ol'/irnfrii.
DUMFRIES, Scotland, July 21.— The
town was decorated en fete to-day upon
the occasion of the centennial anniversary
of the death of Robert Burns, the poet,
who died here July 21, 1796.
There was an enormous procession in
the forenoon in which delegates from
Burns clubs in all parts of the world took
part.
The procession which also included
thousands of Scotch shepherds and plow
men, marched from the Auld Brigg to the
mausoleum, where the body of Burns li«s.
Here the delegates were received by
Lord Rosebery, and the former, together
with many others, laid wreaths upon
Burns' grave. After the ceremony there
was a puolic luncheon, at which Forest
Macbe of the New York Scottish Society
responded to the toast of the delegates.
THE VENESUELA'S CASE.
Members of Parliament With to^Jtiieutt
the Papers. '• , *
LONDON, England, July 21.— 1n the
House of Commons to-day Sir William
Vernon Harcourt asked if the Govern
ment leader, Mr. Balfour, would afford
facilities for the discussion -of the ■ papers
in the Venezuela matter which were re
cently laid upon the table in the House of
Lord*.
Mr. Balfour replied that the expression
of such a desire could not be ignored, but
the negotiations anent Venezuela were
still pending. He would, he declared,
confer with Sir William, to see how it
would be possible to meet his views.
BATTLE WITH MATABELES.
A'atlves Dislodged from Their Kraals
After Stubborn assistance.
LONDON, Esq., July 21.— General Sir
Edward Carrington, commander of the
forces operating against the rebellious
Matabeles in Rhodesia, telegraphs that he
this morning attacked the Matabele strong
hold in the Matopo hills, south of Bulu
wayo.
The fighting continued until 2 o'clock in
the afternoon, when the position of the na
tives was carried and the kraals occupied
by them were burned. Eight of the Mata
beles were killed. The British lost three
killed and eleven wounded.
Third Part of Wagner's Tetralogy.
BAYREUTH, Bavaria, July 21.—"Sieg
fried," the third part of Wagner's
tetralogy, "Der Ring dcs Nibelungen,"
was performed to-day at the Restspiel
haus. Compared with yesterday's enor
mously successful production of "Die
Walkure" the first two acts of "Siegfried"
were flat, but at the finish Mme. Lilie
Lehmann's magnificent impersonation of
Brunnhilde aroused tne enthusiasm of the
audience.
Death of Charles Dickens' Son.
LONDON, Eng., July 21.— Charles
Dickens, son of the deceased novelist of
that name, died at Kensineton yesterday
from paralysis.
DESPERATE OUTLAW CAPTURED.
Bob Heth, a Wichita Criminal, Taken at
Juplin, Mo.
WICHITA, Kab., July 21.-Bob Heth,
the outlaw, who when pursued by a posse
of farmers Sunday night shot one of them,
Charles Ford, whose house he had just
robbed, and seriously injured several
others by blows from the butt end of a
gun, was captured to-night at Joplin, Mo.
Ford and his posse brought Heth to bay
in a cornfield Sunday night, and, coverine
him witn a gun, ordered him to
surrender. He tnrew op his hands
in token ot submission, but wiien
Ford stepped up to him quick
as lightning he reached for his
revolver and fired the shot, taking ef
fect in Ford's face. Then he wrenched
the gun from a farmer and wielding it as
a cluo knocked several of the men down
and got away.
Clark Thrashes Wilson.
MINNEAPOLIS. Mi.vn., July 21.— At
the conclusion of the Minneapolis Colu
mbus ball game to«day tbe row which had
occurred in the third inning between Um
pire Clark and Catcher Wilson of the Co
lumbus team led to further strife. Wilson,
who had been sent to tbe clubhouse, was
waiting for Clark, and as soon as tbe latter
put in an appearance Wilson jumped on
nim and a finish fight was the result.
Clark gave Wilson a thrashing he will not
forget for some time.
Oaudaur and Stanbury Matched.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 21.—Negotia
tions were completed to-day at the Police
Gazette office for a match race between
Jake Gaudaur and James Stan bury to de
cide the single scull championship of the
world. They will row over the Thames
course from Putney to Mortlake on Sep
tember 7 next for $7900. Gaudaur will
leave for England immediately after the
Halifax regatta next week.
TENTS PITCHED
AT SANTA CRUZ.
Delegations From Christian
Churches Camped in
Garfield Park.
MINISTERS IN SESSION.
Professor Elston Presides Over
the First Convention of
the Series.
A POPULOUS WHITE CITY.
Hundreds of People Will Attend the
Meetings in the Great
Tabernacle.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., July 2L — The
series of conventions of the Christian
churches of Northern California was be
gun this afternoon at Garfield Park by the
convoking of the Ministerial Association
at 1:30 o'clock. The convention was pre
sided over by Professor A. M. Elston of
Berkeley. The topic discussed was "Poli
tics in Christianity," led by Rev. Dr. L. B.
Wilkes of Stockton, who advocated earnest
participation of all Christians in tbe af
fairs of Government. He was followed in
an animated debate by Rev. J. H. McCul
lough, Rev. G. W. Smith, Rev. L. A. Pier
and Hon. A. M. McCoy.
The ministers present at this convention
numbered about forty and twenty more
are expected to arrive. Among the lead
ers present are: B. B. Burton, San Jose;
R. L. McHatton, Santa Rosa, State evan
gelist; W. H. Martin, Fresno; L. B.
Wilkes, Stockton; A. M. Elston, S. M.
Jefferson, Berkeley ; H. D. McAnney, Los
Angeles, educational agent; L.S.Drake,
Henry Shadle, Saratoga; C. W. Jopson,
LosGatos; J. Durham, Irvington; R. N.
Davis, Butte City; L. A. Pier, Willows;
T. D. Butler, Vacaville; J. D. Wilmott,
Corralitos; T. A. Kincaid, Red Bluff; C.
P. Pann, Wheatland; W. B. Berry, San
Francisco; J. Vv. Hudson, Oakland; R. H.
Bateman, Santa Cruz; F. D. Ford, Pacific
Grove; J. F. Tout, Hollister, editor West
Coast Alliance.
There are now about 30ft people in at
tendance at the conventions and 200 are
expected to be added during the week. The
large camping-ground is dotted by a half
hundred tents, and besides tbe fifteen cot
tages owned by the association and situ
ated in a circle surrounding the taberna
cle, there are furnished rooms occupied
by delegates in thirty neighboring cot
tages.
Each church chooses its own delegates to
these conventions, and the several con
ventions to be held will be attended by a
large aggregate of members of the various
churches of tbis denomination. The con
ventions are divided among the several
societies, the Ministerial Association, the
Christian Endeavor societies, and the
Woman's Board ol Missions. Then there
is the regular church and the Sunday
school conventions.
Beginning with to-morrow, there will be
three sessions daily. As this was the
opening day, only two sessions were held.
In the evening the convention was ad
dressed by Rev. J. W. Hud3onof Michigan.
The programme for to-morrow is as fol
lows: At 9 a. m. address by Rev. J. H.
Hughes of San Jose on "Do the Scriptures
and the Light of our Plea Warrant the Re
ception of Unbaptized Persons into Our
Churches"; 10 a. m., Rev. L. A. Pier on
"The Name For a United Churdh." At
the afternoon session Rev. T. D. Butler
will talk on "The Church as a Stimulus
to Mental and Moral Culture in a Com
munity," and at 8 o'clock President T. M.
Jefferson of the Berkeley Bible Seminary
will deliver an address or sermon.
FIRE AT TERRE HAUTE.
May lor' s Optra- House and Three Ad
joining Buildings Destroyed.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind., July 21.—Nay
lor's Opera-House and three adjoining
buildings were destroyed by fire to-night,
causing a loss of $150,000 to $175,000, with
perhaps $120,000 insurance.
There was no performance at the opera
house, but the fire is thought to nave
started on the stage or in one of the
rooms underneath. The loss on the
opera-house is $60,000; Cincinnati House
$25,000. May's billiard hall, Leed's jewelry
store, Goodman <fc Hirschler, clothing
and several small establishments make up
the remainder of the losses.
Hot Springs in Danger.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 21.— The town
of Hat Springs, this county, a health re
sort witn about 200 population, is in Im
minent danger of destruction by forest
fires. The flames have crept down the
sides of the Cascades and into tne foot
hills where tbe village is located and
threaten to consume everything.
For several days it has been with the
greatest difficulty and danger that trains
on the Northern Pacific road have suc
ceeded in passing Hot Springs owing to
the proximity of fire to the track and the
intensity of the heat. A great forest fire
has also been raging above What com,
cansing practically a suspension of opera
tions on the Bellingham Bay and North
ern Railroad detween Sehome Junction
and Sumas, thus forcing the Canadian
Pacific to bring its cars into Seattle over
tbe Seattle ana International Railway, a
portion of the Lake Shore system.
British Columbia Towns in Danger.
VANCOUVER, B. v., July 21.—Vancou
ver is enveloped in smoke from a bush fire.
Foghorns are booming and bells are ring
ing on the water night and day. At West
minster valuable property is in danger.
Wellington and Northfield are threatened
by conflagrations in tbe surrounding for
ests. Hundreds of volunteer firemen are
fighting back the flames.
Death of John Wesley Harper.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 21.— James
Wesley Harper, who was until two years
ago a member of the publishiner firm of
Harper Bros., Franklin square, died to-day
of heart failure at his residence, 562 Fifth
avenue. A widow, two sons and a daugh
ter, the latter the wife of Bradley A. Fisk
of the United States navy, survive him.
Jameson Pleads Ao( Guilty.
• LONDON, Esq., July 21.— The trial of
Dr. Jameson and - his fellow-officers in the
Transvaal raid was resumed this morning.
The court rejected the motion made yes
terday by Sir Edward Clarke, senior coun
sel for ■ the defense, that ' the indictments
against the defendants be quashed. The
jury was then sworn and the defendants
pleaded "Not guilty. '!v : Sir R. E. Webster,
Attorney-General, opened the case for the
Government."
■ NEW TO-DAY— DHY GOODS. ' : : "
illTfc «Tlfc ■» ' gm m *f — Ifc *» D > Olfc Oft <ll> ■■ «» ■_■ i«
■n-^' ■ ■ i in mm nm ■■ "till ■ ■ nm urn t» mtm «»;^i
i •— •• •• «• •■■ ■* : p - ' : V * "\- -■■•■■ .-.■•^ •• m
! ii ii i
| THE 111
if STOCK TAKING SALE \
~ ' **" "* ■' ~*ii i ll.Hl i ~1 ' ' I
11 m LOSE MONET X,
I TO4AY T//AN ANY MM \
\f/f#£To?O/?£ 01/#//Y£ 01//Z \
j ggf A* * jdj* jMf y s f& ' " I I
V EX/ST£NC£. \\
■f SO' TM USLf tfOSF 2St* [J
j] */** &mMocff/)fi> s/i/cs soi it
f /z%?F/ajm ms/f goo/>s sir ]J
] 3£> ■ Mf/fSM/CrMC/OYfff/i. ' /S& ][
] 'Tf/MfflrMm: mis esi p[
J SALE OF MSSONS. a
I ! *■'£'-' 4?* WAS 6**, 111
i ! *£'- 8^ w  t2*# j
'/je-ZS^ . 22*: ill
1 \ -/f'-s /fr/VCr /)£fSS (fOO/>S SO 4 ii ■'■
;« i '*£&■". Cff^f5........... ?£& "I
II ?>^ Smrwmrs^i-3£& if
■ _____—— —__—_—- ___— _ if
MARKET AND TAYLOR STS.
WOES OF DEMOCRACY.
Buckleyites Come Very Near to Going
Ahead Regardless of Anybody.
The executive committee of the Buckley
Democratic organization held a long and
warm session last evening with James H.
O'Brien in the chair.
The principal discussion was over a reso
lution by D. M. Gavigan, secretary of the
general committee, providing for local
primaries on September 11 and calling a
municipal convention for September 15.
The importance of this resolution was
tbat it meant a rinal and definite step
ahead as an independent organization, or
rather as the regular Democratic party,
without reference to the Junta or to any
of the vague propositions for party har
mony that are going about. The Buck
leyites claim, with strong reason and
much evidence, to be the regular and legal
party organization, and are quite ready to
put up a municipal ticket and fight in tlie
courts to have it placed upon the official
ballot as the Democratic ticket.
The meeting was a largely attended one,
and nearly everybody present bad a good
deal to say. The general temper of the
committee was one of readiness to go
ahead, but several counseled waiting for
at least a week to see it any further pros
pects of compromise at all fair to both
sides appeared. It was finally decided by
a small majority to postpone action on the
resolution tor one week.
A committee to secure new and larger
headquarters was appointed, and the com
mittee on registration, consisting of
James H. O'Brien, Joseph Rothschild and
William Humphreys, was enlarged by
the appointment of M. J. Donovan, J. C.
Ncalon, D. M. Gavigan and Charles Mc-
Carthy.
This committee was enlarged for the spe
cial purpose of making a roar of greater
volume before the Election Commission
ers in behalf of the recognition of the regu
lar Democratic organization in the ap
pointment of election officers, which seem
to be going mainly to the Junta, and the
committee will be heard from to-day.
There was a little bit of a Democratic
political play in Judge Conlan's court last
night, where P. F. Dundon had a second
session of his own committee on party
harmony.
Very few of the people whom Mr. Dun
don invited were present, and George
Godfrey was the only representative of the
Junta there. The Buckleyites present
merely carre to see what was done and to
stave things off. So Mr. Dundon goes
ahead unifying the party, with neither
faction taking any stocK in his labors.
Fire Commissioner McDonald presided,
and among those present were J. F. Twige,
Fleet F. Strother, John McCarthy, A. M.
Armstrong, Samuel Haskins, E. J. Rey
nolds and Charles Wesley Reed.
P. F. Dundon again urged his scheme of
ail the district committees setting to
gether. Fleet F. Strother ironically called
Dundon "the great pacificator," and on
motion of John McCarthy, who wants
Maguire, White and some more such big
men to bump rival beads together, the
meeting adjourned to the call of the chair,
which is not likely to be expressed.
USED MURPHY'S NAME.
Five Thousand Dollars Obtained on a
Forged Note From a Broker.
Detective Stillwell is at present busily
seeking the whereabouts of a dashing
young financier. When caugnt a charge
of forgery will confront him.
The young man whom several persons
are so anxious to find is Norman Schuller,
a young money broker, who has been as
sociated in business with his father, An
drew Schuller, a prominent local financier,
doing business oi Montgomery street
Attorney John C. Hughes, who has also
the reputation of being a snrewd and able
financier, is the man who ia so anxious to
find the young man.
"About three months ago," said Attor
ney Hughes last evening, "young Schul
ler came to my office saying that he had
been engaged by B. D. Murphy, the San
Jose capitalist, to negotiate a loan of $5000.
Schuller offered to secure a three-month
note signed by B. D. Murphy and indorsed
by P. W. Murphy and his sister, Mrs.
Mary E. Carroll of this City. Upon these
securities I was only too willing to make a
loan and accordingly agreed to let Schul
ler have the money.
"A few days later be returned with the
note, dated May 3, and signed and in
dorsed, apparently, as he had promised. I
did not attempt to verify the signatures,
as I had implicit faith in youne Schuller
and knew his father weli. Besides, tbe
loan was sought about the time that
Barney Murphy's bank was in temporary
difficulties, and I thought it the most
natural thing in che world tbat he should
be trying to raise a little ready money. I
hac". negotiated a loan of $40,000 for him
some time previous and suspected noth
ing.
"Within the past few weeks my suspi
cions were aroused. I made some investiga
tions and accused Scnuller of having forged
the note. He denied tbe charge. While
professedly vorifying the signatures, how
ever, he left for parts unknown."
B. D. Murphy could not be found in
town last night. His sister, Mrs. M. E.
Carroll, when interviewed at her resi
dence on Van Ness avenue and California
street, declared that she had never signed
such a note and was positive that neitiier
of her brothers had done so.
Palace Restaurant Closed.
I The Sheriff took charge of the Palace res
taurant at 807 Market street , yesterday after
noon upon an attachment issued by Henarick
son's Law and Collection Agency for the
amount of $133.
As soon as the Sheriff presented himself the
proprietors, A. Young and Robert Matthey
left the place, ■ claiming that it had been
transferred to Hofmann and Woenne of the
Montgomery market. It is stated that other
claims will be presented as soon as the Sheriff's
office opens for business this morning.
The help took the example of their employ
ers and left the place, as they saw no signs of
drawing their week's pay.
■ :} .- » «. — m — -->■"• S;
About 350 pounds of mint are required
to produce a pound of oil for peppermint.
v_^ j" ye w " to-day. ' ■
. ' '" •- i: .-.- ■:-
m i c piittcd
IT i J.F. CUTTER
jij EXTRA
Jftmi^l (JIG
ii Bourbon
a sta P le
__ „.,-- medicinal
*• EXTRA f Qr a
quarter-
* century.
MSSi i; mm
i^^w',^ t 2'*'^^t3 & CO.,
£ZBJ% 411 Market St.,
mm San .Francisco.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIOGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSC&IPTION RATES-Pottage Free:
Pally and Sunday Cam., one w<>elc, by carrier. .fO-lB
Daily and Sunday Caul, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Dally and Sunday Cam., six months, by mall.. M.OO
Dally and Sunday Call, three month!) by mall 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.60
Wkkkly Call, one year, by mall 1-60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going: to the country on a vacation ? It
H*. It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let It miss yon for you will
mis* It. Order* given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.'
.NO EXTRA CHAKQE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San 1 1 itiui.. •>. California.
Telephone Main- 1 868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone .....Maln-1874.
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery Birect, corner Clay: open until
9:30 o'clock.
.139 Hayes street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
713 Larkla street: open until 9:30 O'clock.
b\V. corner Sixteenth und Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street : open until 9 o'clock.
116 IS Loth street; open until 8 o'clock. '
OAKLAND OFFICE: *
90S Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Jtooms 31 and 82, 34 Park How. New York City.
DAVID M. rOLTZ, special Agent.
WEDNESDAY '...'...".'1.. JULY 2'_\ 1898 \
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PBESinKNT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, of Ohio
FOB VirK-PKK.SIDKNT-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
KT.KCTION MIVKMBKR .1. 1896.
Bad as Cleveiandism has been Rryanism
•would be worse.
We may count the Fifth District as safe
lor a Republican Congressman.
Bryan Democracy in its last analysis is
only Rainey Democracy with a larger pull.
We hardly need a weather bureau report
to tell v* it will be hot In St. Louis to
day.
If Bryan has any more words to con
jure with now is the time for him to use
them.
Once more we remind yon of your duty
to register and to get your friends to regis
ter also.
Consider what would be the condition of
the American sailor if Sewall should ever
get to be President.
The cause of woman suffrage marches
along and you will be left if you do not
join the procession.
The Democrats of the Fifth District have
been true to the traditions of the party
and made the usual blunder.
The kind of reform Democracy will give
the people is shown by the nomination for
Congress m the Fifth District.
A little while ago California was re
garded as a <ioubtful State, but that com
plexion of things is changing rapidly.
— . »■■■_■_
The chances are Bryan will talk his fol
lowers into such a tired feeling they won't
have energy enough to go to the polls.
Bryan will not object to Populists stay
ing in the middle of the road, provided
they will lie down and let him walk over
t . :h.
Joseph P. Kelly is hereby informed that j
his nomination by Lanigan and Rainey
does not vindicate his record, bin con
firms it.
It takes poid Democracy a long time to
make up its mind, but probably it nas not
yet succeeded In finding any mind to
rnnke up.
Anti-Bryan Democracy in the East is
not half so much needed for the welfare
of the party as an anti-Rainey Democracy
in California.
(jorruan is oue Eastern Democrat who
will stay with the Chicago ticket, but no
Democratic organ in the \Vest is adver
tising the fact.
If the Democrats are to get any profit
out of Sewall's reputation, they will have
to use it for foreign export and not for
home consumption.
This is goinp to be a year of victories for
the American home; and the home indus
try, the home market and the home
keeper will all share in it.
Kvery speech of MeKinley appeals to the
patriotic instincts of the people, and that
is tbe reason the response is always marked
by ardor and enthusiasm.
In the increased export of gold we see
the first evidences of the monetary panic
which Bryan and his Democracy are trying
to force upon the country.
It is more than probable that Kelly's
nomination for Congress by tbe Democrats
of the Fifth District was due to bis estab
lished reputation as a sack carrier.
It is better o have wort for unemployed
men and pay a little more for horue-made
goods than to have foreign goods cheap
while American labor goes a-begging.
The Democratic bolt in California this
year will be bigger than tbe crowd that
doesn't bolt. It will be the aog leaving
the tail aud not the tail dropping from the
dog.
The nearest Democracy can come to giv
ing the people a candidate who means
business is to nominate a fellow who is
reputed to have had experience in several
kinds of jobs.
In the present condition of the fight
against tbe funding bill no man should be
elected to Congress from California who is
not above .suspicion. He must have a
character as well as a platform.
There can be no question of the import
ance of this election to every business in
terest of the country, and therefore every
business man should make it a part of his
work to secure the success of the advance
agent of prosperity.
Tbe Republican party is receiving a
strong infusion of young blood, and it is
safe to say that fully two-thirds of the
young men who this year cast their first
vote in a Presidential election will cast it
Jo; ik&iuley and Hobart.
THE PARCE IN THE FIFTH.
The nomination for Congress made by
the Democrats of the Fifth District and
the circumstances under which it was
made afford the people a fair illustration
of >he extent aud quality of Democratic
practices of reform. In no part of the
Union has Democracy made a greater
pretense of overthrowing its own bosses
nor given more vociferous pledges of purity
and reform than in California. Yet in this
case, with lungs still feeling the strain of
their yells against Buckley, the Democrats
have nominated for Congress a kid raised
in the Buckley fold and tarred with the
Buckley stick.
The Democrats of the Fifth District are
not wicked above other Democrats. The
general quality of the party is the same
the country over. With an occasional ex
ception here and there due to local causes
the party convention in every Congres
sional district v.iJl be controlled by forces
and influences not widely different from
those which dominated at Redwood and
the men nominated will measure about
the same in character, ability, reputation
and experience as Joseph Kelly. It is
worth while, therefore, to give attention to
that nomination in order to know what
manner of men are now running the
Democratic party.
It is the claim, we believe, of Mr. Kelly's
friends that ihev nominated him for vin
dication. Mr. Kelly is reported to have
himself told the convention tnat he de
sired to run in defense of his honor and
reputation, because in bis last race he had
been charged with being "a corporation
lawyer." Our recollection is that he was
charged witn something quite different
from any kind of legal practice, but as
neither he nor his friends mentioned it we
may let it pass. Taking the statements as
made at Redwood it would seem that Mr.
Kelly and Iris friends are willing to wear
all other charges made two years ago, but
from that of being a lawyer employed by
corporations they demand vindication and
hope to gat it by an appeal to the people.
To this desire Rainey and Lanigan gave
their consent and Mr. Kelly will ask the
Democrats of the Fifth District to wash
his dirty linen for him and make him
clean again.
That is the way Democracy practices
politics in tlie face of some of the most
stupendous issues ever submitted to the
arbitration of a popular vote. As a Nation
we have to undertake the complex prob
lem of adjusting the tariff for the protec
tion of American industry and providing
a revenue for the Government ; we have to
engage in 1 lie momentous task of readjust
ing the monetary standard upon which all
business is based; we have to deal with
many questions of foreign policy, not a
few of which involve possibilities of war;
and in additiou to these National issues
we, of California, have to confront in Con
gress a powerful lobby seeking to perpetu
ate a railroad monopoly that would
harass every industry and cinch every
enterprise of the State for fifty years to
corce.
Instead of nominating as a candidate for
Congress a man able to deal with these
great issues, the Democrats of the Fifth
District ignore them all and flippantly ask
the people to vote for a man to vindicate
him from the charge of being a lawyer
whom corporations occasionally think it
worth while to employ. From this fact
we can estimate the quality and degree of
the political ideas of Lanigan and Rainey
and the men who follow them. To such
men and indeed to most of those who con
trol Democracy in these dnys it would
seem that politics is little more than a
circus where each individual rider desires
to ride the trick mule and win applause.
Kvery candidate of the party is clamoring
for vindication, gratification or gloritica
cation. Egotism dominates the whole
crowd from Bryan to Kelly. They are
turning the campaign into a farce which
is ridiculous to common-sense and offen
sive to patriotism. It is not to be won
dered that decent Democrats are turning
from their party with diseust and indig
nation. There are very few self-respecting
men even among Democrats who will care
in a campaign of such importance as this
to devote their time to washing Mr. Kelly's
dirty linen.
WHO PAYS THE DUTIES?
A free-trade contemporary puts a ques-
I tion to protectionists which it appears to
i think they dare not attempt to answer.
The question is, ""Who pays the duties if
the consumer does not? And If the con
j sumer pays them, how is it that you say the
foreigner pays me duties?" The trouble
with our contemporary is it jumps at con
clusions without looking to see where it
jumps from or what it is likely to light
upon. But the doctrine of free trade is
the enemy ol logic and will not permit its
use in the analysis of any economic prob
lem, and hence it is not surprising that the
campaign cry of ~our people pay thp
duties that are collected under protection"
and '-the nearer free trade the country
gets the cheaper will the consumer get his
supplies" should be heard in the land.
The economic principle upon which the
Republican party's demand for protection
is based certainly aoes contemplate the
payment of customs duties by the importer
and, we may say, the policy of the party
has no other thought than that the tax
upon goods aud ware* of foreign manufac
ture consumed in this country shall be
paid by the manutacturer. The object of
a protective tariff is twofold. The first
purpose is to afford such encouragement
I to nome capital that It will feel justified in
j undertaking the work of transforming do
mestic raw materials into merchantable
articles which in turn would operate to
give continuous employment to home me
j chanical skill and brawn at wages which
shall leave a reasonable margin of profit
wherewith to provide a home turner indi
vidual ownership,- and which would in
turn again make the United States the
leading manufacturing nation, as it is now
the leading agricultural nation. The sec
ond purpose of a protective tariff is to
oblige those foreigners who would com
pete with us in our own markets to pay a
tax for the privilege.
If a duty were put upon tea, coffee, rub
ber or any other article of consumption
which we do not produce in this country
j certainly our consumers would, pay the
tax, but the theory of the Republican
tariff doctrine is that all articles of com
merce which cannot be produced to ad
vantage in this country should not be du
tiable and being on the free list their cost to
our consumers would be at the lowest point.
On the other hand, as to articles we can
manufacture from our raw material, such
as iron, woolen good*, cotton labrics and
a multitude of other commodities, the
Republican party would levy a tax upon
goods and wares of a like kind manufac
tured 'in other countries. That is to say,
importers of foreign-made articles would
nave to pay a tax before they could enter
our markets, and the tax would be so ad
justed that our industries could maintain
the American scale of wages for our work
ing people and still leave them a profit on
their investment. !By that means good*
and • wares for home consumption would '
not be ' arbitrarily advanced, but good
prices would^tjave to be maintained to
hold tlie wage scjtadujei witfice^i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1896.
operatives could have a margin of profit
or surplus between income and expendi
ture.
The introduction of foreign-made ar
ticles of consumption would not, under
such a tariff, reduce domestic prices, but
it would i;ive the market the life of sharp
competition, which, in tarn, would prevent
the formation of "corners" between mills
and factories to advance values beyond
what supply and demand would justify.
Now, the free-trader would say, "But if
there were no tariff would not prices for
goods and wares be materially lower
down to the basis of what the foreign
competitor would sell them for?" Cer
tainly they would be cheaper under free
trade; but free trade would also close our
mills and factories, stop the marketing of
raw materials, close up the farmers' mar
ket, throw the wage-earner out of employ
ment, send the capital engaged in indus
tries to safe-deposit vaults and turn our
merchandise markets over to the foreigner.
But be would not sell many goods, for
our people would be idle and penniless.
The Republican theory of protection is
that Americans should be permitted to
develon the resources of their own country
and reap all the benefits accruing there
from.
REBUKE THEM.
The gold reserve of the United States
Treasury is now more than $10,000,000 be
low the legal requirement. On the day
the Chicago convention adopted a sec
tional and repudiation platform the re
serve showed a healthy surplus, but im
mediately upon the adoption of that dec
laration money began to grow timid, and
the run that is now being made upon the
treasury Is the first fruits of the revolu
tionary purpose of the men who are in
control of the Democratic party. Not only
are American securities held abroad com
ing borne for redemption, but our own
people are beginning to rent boxes in safe
deposit banks. Nor is this fear of ap
proaching danger confined to men of this
or that political party or to capitalists. It
is being felt throughout all the ways ol
trade, traffic and investment. •*•
But the Chi?aeo platform and the utter
ances of Mr. Bryan are quite enough to
make people everywhere wonder whither
we are drifting. The people of the United
States, or the thinking ones, had made up
their minds that we were on the eve of re
vamping our monetary system upon the
basis of bimetallic redemption money, and
confidence was beginning to be restored in
the channels of business. It was agreed
that the plan set forth in the platform of
the Republican party would piace the gold
and the silver dollar side by side whither
soever America's commerce might go.
Foreign nations have seen and read the
declaration of economic and monetary
principles which the St. Louis convention
had commissioned Mr. MeKinley to estab
lish, and already the bimetallists in Eng
land and Germany had taken favorable
action.
But Mr. Bryan's wild aud unbusiness
like utterances are alarming people. He
declares it to be his policy to utterly ig
nore the peopie in other countries witn
whom we sustain profitable credit and
business relations, aud cram his kind of
Bilver down the throat of commerce by
force. It certainly is unfortunate that the
business situation should be so disturbed,
and it is still more unfortunate that bis
threats should cause more than $10,000,000
to be drawn from tue treasury in a fort
night. But the people should not be need
lessly alarmed. Let them rally to the
standard of McKinley, and by the moral
force of such a rallying they would do
much to restore confidence to the world of
business. Bryan and his fallacious the
ories |will be repudiated. There is no
doubt ai all about that. The monetary
system ol the country will be put upon a
true bimetallic ba->is by the Republican
party, and the best thing for the people to
do meanwhile is to grow more and more
determined that the country shall have
protection and prosperity. That is tv»
way to rebuke the Altgelds and the Bry
ans.
A GOOD KIND OF "PARALYSIS."
Bryan's alleged platform has a good deal
to say about the prosperity of the people
being '-locked fast in the paralysis of hard
times," and of course the Republican
party and the demonetization of silver in
1873 are blamed for it all. Let us see how
that is. in ISTO there was $1, 700,000,000
invested in manufactures, and in 1890
there was 16,200,000.000 invested in mills
and factories, and the value of the output
of these industrial enterprises in 1890 was
considerably over $9,000,000,000 against
$3,400,000,000 in 1870. In 1870 the total
number of wage-earners employed in
manufacturing concerns was L,000,000 and
in 1890 there were 4.500,000.
These figures show an increase which
obtains in all lines of business since 1870,
except that since the repeal of the tariff
act of 1890 there has been an enormous
shrinkage of values in all kinds of
property, to say nothing of idleness en
forced upon hundreds of thousands of
working people. There has been a good
deal of "paralysis," as Mr. Bryan's plat
form says, and "an industrial people" are
still "locked" in its deadly embrace, but
there were not even symptoms of paralysis
until in a thoughtless moment the people
permitted Mr. Bryan's party to inaugurate
a policy of industrial wreck and ruin.
But, then, the makers of the Chicago
platform started in to get as far as possible
from the truth in ail things, and bring to
gether In one little group the most mon
strous falsehoods that could be culled from
a "paralytic" imagination. It has alwayb
been the custom of the Democratic party
to diverge widely from the truth in cam
paign times, but when it is remembered
that the Chicago convention got its in
spiration from Altgeld, Tilman and
repudiated politicians the spirit of ttie
platform is not so much to be wondered at.
JEFFERSOU AND BIMETALLISM.
Democratic free silver orators continue
to harp on "the money of the constitu
tion I '— meaning gold and silver — aud de
mand that the white metal be reinstated
at tb* ratio of 16 to 1. Either they do not
know, or are playing upon the supposed
credulity of their hearers, but anyway, the
constitution does not name gold and sil
ver a* money metaifu
It was not deemed advisable in the
act of 179*2 to coin dollar pieces of
gold, because they would be incon
veniently small, but silver dollars were
ordered minted on the basis of fif
teen times as much silver to the dollar as
there would be in a gold dollar, were gold
dollars minted. That is to say, the mone
tary unit, "the dollar," contained enough
silver to be tbe equivalent of one-fifteenth
of its weight in gold, but the silver dollar,
as such, was not made tbe monetary unit
of value. Our system of coinage was
adopted because it was believed that the
decimal way of designating money, i. c.
dollar, half-dollar, quarter-dollar, dime
and half-dime, wonld prove to be very
much more convenient than the pound,
shilling and pence system of England.
Bimetallism was thus established and
for convenience, gold coins called eagles, i
thorized. A few years afterward President
Jefferson, upon discovering that the bul
lion price of the silver dollar had depre
ciated to about 97 cents, and that the
shrinkage in value was driving gold from
the country, ordered the minfs to discon
tinue the coinage of silver dollars, and con
sequently, with the exception of 1000 silver
dollar pieces, not a silver dollar was coined
by the mints between the years 1805 and
1839.
Mr, Jefferson was quick to discover that
bimetallism could not be maintained by
the United States independent of the com
mercial nations when either metal as bul
lion fell below its coin value. He readily
saw that if the mints remained open to
the free coinage of the white metal, inde
pendent of other commercial countries,
this country would very soon be upon a
silver monetary basis with the dollar
representing two separate and distinct
values.
Mr. Jefferson did not believe that the
parity of the metals could be maintained
by merely issuing an edict that it should
be maintained, and when the modern
Democrat tries to prove his insane vaga
ries by quoting from the founder o! the
Democratic party, he is either ignorant or
dishonest. Undoubtedly, President Jef
ferson was a bimetallist, but he realized
that commerce is very exacting in its de
mands, and that it will accept only money
thai stands for the same value every
where. Were Mr. Jefferson alive to-day
tfiere is no doubt at all that he would be
found in accord with the Republican
party's plan to establish bimetallism,
which is to call together all parties in in
terest and have them declare that a
bimetallic monetary system shall prevail
everywhere throughout the commercial
world.
W. J. BRYAN AS A CITIZEN.
Candid Estimate of His Chaeacter, Qualifi
cations and Executive Capacity.
Omaha Bee.
NEW YORK, July 15.— T0 Edward Bosewnter.
Kditor of the Bee: will you Kreatly oblige the
\V orld by telegraphing us n candid estimate of Mr.
Uryan a ability, character and convictions on
other political questions as well as silver? Apart
from the silver issue, on which the World shares
your views, what kind of an executive would Mr.
Bryan make? Did Jie take an active part in the
management of the World-Uerald, and If »o. how
was his Influence exerted? As an editor and law
yer how does be stand with respect to corpora
lions? W bat sort of practice had ho? What le
gal experience? I 8 he generally regarded in
Omaha ax a man of sound judgment? Please re
member chat the East knows nothing about him
and is exceedingly Interested. We would like to
publish your dispatch signed. THE WORLD.
OMAHA. July 10, 1896.— T0 thr H'orld, A>w
York: Within the short space of one week
William Jennings Brfan has emerged from
comparative obscurity to find himself the sub
ject of National solicitude and international
discussion and speculation. With his name
on every tongue, his portrait in all the papers,
and his movements and utterances given with
minuteness to the country by Associated Press
dispatches and special correspondents, Bryan
has suddenly loomed into the horizon as one
of the two foremost figures in the great Na
tional drama that is about to be played on
America's political stage. The story of his
esrly life, his academic training, apprentice
ship as a lawyer, h.s ioren*ic triumphs in the
schoolhouse and on the political rostrum, his
career in Congress and intrusion into the
arena of journalism have furnished ma
terial for the people who absorb with
avidity all that it said and written con
cerning the man who captivated a great Na
tional convention with bis eloquence and
carried away the laurel crown for which the
greatest of his party's leaders had been striv
ing. With all that bag already been published
coneeruinn Bryan's physical and mental make
up, his habits ami his associations, the popu
lar conception ot the man is vtgue, and the
World is therefore well justified in asking me
to supply some data for a true estimate of his
ability, character and capacity for tilling the
high ofliie to which he now aspires.
Without pretending to have an intimate ac
quaintance with Mr. Uryan. my opportunities
for gauging the man have been ample. Meas
ured by the standard of men truly great, Wil
liam JenniiißS Bryan rfiil scarcely take rank
with eminent political leaders of the Demo
cratic school such as were Stephen A. Douglas,
John C. Breckinrlage, Horatio Seymour, Allen
it. Tliurniiin.Thnina* A. Hendricks, Samuel J.
Randall, to say nothiuj of Samuel J. Tilden,
Thomas P. Bayard or Davii B. UilL While
gifted with oratorical powers of a high order,
Bryan" lacks both depth and breadth. He
is a popularizer of oilier men's ideas rather
than an original thinker, and has a catchy
way of presenting bis subjects to an audience.
He it n consummate actor, whofe forte lies in
appeals to sentiment and emotion rather than
in arguments and sound reasoning. He is a
born agitator, who never hesitates to employ
the weapons of the dftnagoKue to make a
point. Bryan's most vulnerable part is bis
lack of moral stamina and utter indifference to I
tbe maintenance of public integrity. While so
far as I kiiuw his private character is unim
peachable, be has never raited his voice or
used bis pen in denunciation of flagrant abu-e^
of public office or betrayal of public trnst, but,
on the contrary, has permitted the paper of
which he is ostensibly the responsible editor
to glose over and defend embezzlements in
public office, gross official negligence and cor
rupt collusion with uublic plunderers, even
where the offenders were foisted into office as
Republicans.
From the professional standpoint Mr. Bryan
may be considered a dismal tailure. His legal
practice has never amounted to anything
worth mentioning. His venture in the news
paper business has not been regarded as
serious in these parts. While he has been
nominal editor of the Omaha World-Herald
since September 1, 1894. be has in reality been
a mere journalistic figurehead. His name has
been paraded at the head of the weekly edi
tion to draw free-silver deiusionists, but was
soon taken out of the daily and has not been
replaced. Instead of devoting his time to the
paper he has been traveling about tbe conn
try live weeks out of six as the paid chainprbu
of the Bimetallic league.
As a politician Bryan has displayed no or
gauiziug ability. He is a good stump speaker
and an effective campaigner, but that is all.
If he has any executive capacity it has uot yet
manifested itself. He has never held any ex
ecutive position and has never had an oppor
tunity to exercise any faculty he may possibly
possess in tnat direction. The best business
men of Omaha, regardless oi party, look upon
him as a man of immature judgment, who
would constitute an extrahasaraous risk as
head of the National Government.
E. Rosiwatkr.
A HOMELY PHILOSOPHER.
Don't anow if ihe world is better
Or geittn' a good deal wuss:
Bui. winter or spring, I know one thing:
lisa puny good world fer us:
iso trim np the rosen, Moliie,
That climb to ihe Hpt o' you—
Tiie violets sweet at the children's feet.
An' give me a rose or two.
Don't know if the world is better—
I'm out o' the :m an" fuss.
Bat I kinder think at I eat an' drink,
Jt'« a puny good world fer us !
So trim up the roses. Motile.
An' look to tbe violets blue;
An' kiss the boys, with their rompln' noise
An' give me a kiss or t*vo!
—Atlanta Constitution.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Lord Nocount (proudly)— l can trace my de
scent from William the conqueror.
Cynicus— You have been a long time on the
downward path.— Truth.
Mr. Pkinflint-What j 40 cents for a little bit
ot a hair-cut?
Tonsor— Yes, sir; shaving 15 cents, hair-cut
is 40.
Skinflint— Well, then, suave it off; warm
weather's coming anyhow.— Judge.
"Scribbs won liUrary fame long before you
"Yes; no trick about that; be worked in a
bank where he could get his postage stamps
free."— Chicago Record.
Unmarried Slster-DoTou think Jack's yacht
will be becalmed ?
Married Do— l could tell you better if I knew
what women were on board, my dear.— Pick-
Me-Up.
Mrs. Cutnso— What have you done to the
pudding, Bridget?
Bridget— Tha brandy (hie) ye gave me to
pour on it got losht, mem, so I ushed coal oil
instead. Won't it (hie) burn?— Town Topics.
She— Do you remember. Jack, this day one
year ago you offered me your hand and heart
and 1 cruelly refused you. I— l have thought
better ot it since.
PERSONAL.
Judge R. McGarvey of Ukiah is at the Grand.
Or. Bush of Fortuna is at the Grand with his
son.
Dr. W. H. Davis of Detroit, Mich., is at the
Grand.
T. Loui King of San Jose is registered at the
California.
H. E. Picket, a mining man of Placerville, is
at the Lick.
W. F. Geoige, an attorney of Sacramento, is
at the Grand.
Mrs. Gamble of Modesto is a guest at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
J.W. Young, the banker, of Salt Lake City, is
a guest at the Palace.
Dr. Lay of Fresno 13 registered at the Rubs
with his wife and family.
H. T. Unger, a farmer of Rio Vista, is regis
tered at the Cosmopolitan.
G. Z. Akawo, a merchant of Japan, is regis
terec at the Cosmopolitan.
Judge J. R. Webb of Fresno was one of yes
terday's arrivals at the Lick.
William 11, Coffin ot the United States Nary
is at the Palace with his wile.
Thomas Clark, a Placerville mining man, is
making a brief stop at the Grand.
R. S. Paine, a theatrical man of Connellsville,
Pa., has apartments at tbe Grand.
W. D. Tillotson, a mining man of Redding, is
one of the recent arrivals at the Grand.
T. R. Parker, superintendent of the gas
works at Napa. is visiting at the Grand.
W. C. Woolley, an insurance man of Santa
Rosa, is at the Occidental on a brief visit.
H. B. Goodman of Napa, son of the well
known banker, has a room at the Palace.
The name of George Frinvell, a big rancher
of Tehama, appears on the Palace register.
A. C. Bingham, a Marysville rancher, regis
tered at the Palace last night with his wife.
C. C. Ward, who has a butcher business and
an orange orchard at OroviUe, is at the Rum.
R. Godfrey Broderlck, a surgeon of the United
States Navy, is among the California's arrivals.
M. C Osborne, superintendent of the gas
works at Santa Cruz, has a room at the Grand.
S. W. Young, a hotel proprietor and land
owner of Lovelock, Nev., is a gnest at the Russ.
B. S. Little, who owns a mine and some other
real estate near Eureka, is a late arrival at the
Suss.
W. f. Prisk, editor and proprietor of the
Grass Valley Union, is a guest at the Occi
dental.
William H. Alford of Visalin. chairman of
the Democratic State Committee, is at the
California.
L. F. Garrand, a member ot the United States
Gaological Survey, returned yesterday to the
Occidental.
Dr. A. M. Gardner, one of the officials of the
Napa Insane Asylum, is making a short visit
at the Lick.
F. W. Street, a mine owner of Sonora, came
to town yesterday for a short visit and regis
tered at the Lien.
George L. Arnold of Los Angeles, a member
of the State Board of Equalization, registered
at the Lick lnit night.
Dr. A. n. Simons, who is interested in mines
near Redding, took up his temporary residence
at the Grand last night.
M. M. Bernheim, a dry goods merchant of
Modesto, is staying at the Lick during a brief
business visit to this City. »
11. s. Munroc, a mining man of Sonora, ar
rived at the Ruhr yesterday with two fine
specimens ot auriferous quartz.
J. C. Stubbs, traffic manager of the Southern
Pacific Railroad, went south yesterday to meet
bis family, now on the way home.
L. D. Robinson, a wealthy northern mining
man, arrived from Portland yesterday and is
registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Heber C. Tilden and wife returned last night
to their California-street residence after com
pleting a bridal trip to Southern California.
Henry K. Hyde of Ware, Mass.. arrived at the
Occidental last night, with his wife. They are
on their way to Honolulu, on a pleasure trip.
Major George C. Reid of tbe Tailed states
Marine Corps arrived at the Occidental yester
day with his wife and sou and registered from
Washington, I). C.
L. F. Moullon, who is one of the largest
ranchers in the State, arrived at the Grand
last night from Colusa, near which place he
has exteusive acres.
S. W. De Witt of Washington, D. C, Commis
sioner of Indian depredation claims, returned
to the Baldwin yesterday from a business visit
to the interior counties.
H. J. Lewelling, the St. Helena lawyer, took
apartments yesterday at the Lick with his wife
and two children. He will remain in town
during the warm weather. (
D. E. Knight of Marysvllle, general agent of
the large woolen-mills at that place, newspaper
proprietor and racehorse owner, returned to
the Lick yesterday from one of his bnsiness
trips.
H. K. Adami, superintendent and one of the
principal owners of the gas and electric light
works at Stockton, is a guest at the Grand dur
ing the meeting ot the Pacific Coast Gaa Asso
ciation, now in session at the Palace Hotel.
Among those registered at the Grand is A. B.
Lemmon, the Santa Rosa journalist, delegate
to the Republican Convention at St. Louis and
member of the State Republican Executive
Committee. He Is in town ou campaign busi
ness.
Thomas H. McCune, a graduate of tbe Uni
versity of Dublin and of several English, col
leges, arrived at the Baldwin yesterday. For
several years he has been one of the two prin
cipals ot the Santa Barbara Collegiate School,
which has fitted a large number of students
for college, but owing to the recent death of
his partner, the school may be abandoned.
Bftt» >'uuu>lv. Utu JtpAoeto iiOfernaubl
*fenl«6nl U> aim)? the <idii»tD»rcliil sJ'tnuou
»iunr lite :4taU.At r v'uofoit \_ta. TMvt' Aa>l
€>Mt!t -4n»LTl'..n uiui, »no J. K.vi*^«ilo. Mi
i-giui^ami,. vi)il> v £oubr to -Mydco »o 09iwiug|
...•!„ ir.-. |irix,Mr •.! aiW.QtKI kct« «.[ i»ad (or
Uji- JAs-^riv:* 1 * Ci;SonU-»Clun '«m>i»'..» 4 Mi.l tltfl
ior c*o I'les.o tblj mordi'it, wbtlu '.nor P'j:
-|«O»<» *.n «p6H'T Tnti J»r» f.«<anliilj\j t\-»« u»i
-iilllU»»ol lli*l purl t» • ii'!"Kitm* for • Jt*i|
ii««.-n«tt^ Ittiu.* Aim lljftl i»iijj trill {«
on Ir> tft» 1.111 v! U»3tl<".o.
B. Aeosta. a wealthy coffee merchant of
Tapachula, State of Chiapas, Mexico, arrived
at the Occidental yesterday with hir wife and
family. He left Tapachula over two months
ago for a visit in the City of Mexico, but
neither at home nor in the capital did he hear
anything of the contemplated purchase by the
Japanese Colonlzatiou Society of 300,000
acres of land in the State of Chiapas. The cul
tivation of coffee is the principal industry in
bis particular part of the country, not because
tbe soil will not produce other crop*, but be
cause coffee pays best. Cattle and sugar are
products next in importance. How tbe
natives will look upon a large colony of Jap
anese in their midst is a question not yet put.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., July 21.-At the St.
Cloud— T. R. Kean; Continental— M. P. Ham
mat, J Chase; Broadway Central— a Loven
thal. C. H. Worth, W. J. Shreve; Grand
Union— W. R. Nleper; St. D«nis— K. P. Put
nam; Cosmopolitan— W. Warner; Bartholdi—
T. J. Emery; Park Avenue— H. A. Mallay;
Everett— A. L. Younger and wife; Barratt—
Miss Dickerson. J. L. Milton of Oakland left
the St. Cloud to sail on the American liner St.
Paul for England.
DEVELOPING THE SUGAR INDUSTRY
Philadelphia L*dt*r. ,
If Clan* Spreckels can put in operation the
grand scheme he, is ; said to have developed to
promote the beet-sugar industry he will con
fer a great benefit upon , this country, which
will be in no wise diminished by the incidental
profit to himself. He Is reported as saying
that before 'he i started on his present visit to
Europe he mailed to every farmer in California
a pamphlet urging him to grow sugar beets.
Now he is coming borne with the intention of
starting three or four factories, with a capacity
of consuming 6000 tons of beets daily. If he
does this the farmers may be safely trusted to
do the rest,' provided the price he is willing to
pay for the beets is a remunerative one. There
is a market in this country for a great deal
more sugar than. the Southern cane field* can
supply. We import , thousands of ? tons of Ger
man and '. Frencn beet sugar every year. If
Mr. Sprecicels can ' induce the American farm-
, ers 10 tftiie up tbi» industry »n4 mssiriJn
market themselves be will accomplish a great
work. It looks like a simple proposition, but
a sticking point will probably be found in the
subsidies paid to foreign sugar producers,
which the American growers would have to
do without.
ROOM IN SAN JOAQUIN.
Hanford Democrat.
There is room in the San Joaquin for 3,000,
--000 people. The present population will
hardly exceed 100,000. With the Valley Rail
road completed and in operation it can be con
fidently predicted that the population of the
valley will more than double within two
years. Hanford will secure her share of these
people only when the road passes through our
city.
OPULENT NEWSPAPERS.
In the assessment of taxes on real estate for
1896 by the New York Commissioner of Taxes
and Assessments various newspaper buildings
in New York appear at the following valua
tions: World, *$950,000; Times, #775,000;
Herald (new bullalug), $600,000; Evening
Post. $550,000; Tribune. $540,000; Mail and
Express, $500,000; Puck, $450,000; Staats-
Zeltung, $400,000; American News Company,
$250,000. AU of these buildings are occupied
either wholly or in part by the respective
newspapers named.
GENUINE BIMETALLISM.
Tulare Register.
Let it never be forgotten that the Repub
lican party of this Nation is not committed to
the single gold standard as a preferred theory
of money; that it stands now as it has ever
stood for bimetallism, but that it believes that
the only bimetallism possible is International
bimetallism and that independent free coinage
would not only not result in bimetallism but
in a silver monometallism, which nobody
wants and which would yield all our gold up
to Europe and postpone real bimetallism in
definitely. All Repnblicans are bimetallism
and the existing standard is adhered to only
until such time as true bimetallism can be ob
tained in the only way possible— by interna
tional agreement.
BRYAN'S "CROSS" AND "CROWN."
New York Evening Post.
Mr. Bryan's oratorical powers are not marked
by great versatility. It has been shown already
that his speech which carried the Chicago con
vention off its feet and made him the nominee
for President was mainly one which he had de
livered a week earlier in a joint debate. He
declaimed it in the convention as a sponta
neous burst of pure eloquence, but the body of
it and the closing passage, with its crown of
thorns and cross of gold, had been delivered
only a few days before to another audience.
Now it appears that even this first audience
had it second hand, for he closed a speech de
livered before a committee of Congress on De
cember 22, 1894, in opposition to a bill ex
empting the notes of State banks from taxa
tion, as follows:
"I, for one, will not yield to the demand. I
will not help to crucify mankind upon a cross
of gold. I will not aid them to press down upon
the bleeding brow of labor the crown of thorns."
Possibly this was not its first appearance.
Whenever the 'Boy Orator of the Piatte' gets
under the spell of his own eloquence ti^e crown
of thorns and cross of gold roll irresistibly from
his tongue. For an orator in his line of busi
ness tbe two figures are perfect. Nobody can
•ell what he means by them, but they are so
norous in delivery and have a Biblical flavor
which gives them the aspect of true prophecy.
When shouted forth by a man with waving
hair and upturned eyes they strike everybody
who is dissatisfied with the way the world is
moving as the very soul of eloquence.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE
THE COLOMBIA.
A PROPOSITION TO RAISE THE VESSEL AND PUT HER
IN TUB DRYDOCK.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Si c:
I notice the graphic articles you have pub
lished in your valuable journal in regard to
the wreck of the Colombia and the general
conclusion that both the agent of the vessel
and the newspaper press have come to— that
she is a doomed vessel. There is no particular
necessity of coming to that conclusion, as the
vessel can be raised without much trouble by
only knowing how to go about it. Over
twe-Dty-five years ago, I came to California to
raise a vessel, and the owners would do noth
ing themselves nor give me an opportunity to
do anything with her, so there she lies till this
day. For the last twenty-five years I have of
fered my services to ship-owners to assist them
to raise wrecks, without success.
The tint step I should take in raising the
Colombia would be to put an artificial break
water to the ocean side of her, which would
completely insulate her from the force of the
waves, so that she would lie where she is
without any harm for weeks. This would cost
from $500 10 $750. I would then close up the
rent in her bottom, which, by means of my
patent marine patches and other original
methods unknown to the wrecking fraternity
would inside of three weeks make her bottom
perfectly watertight There is no reason what
ever why she should not be in the drydock in
side of five weeks from the time I commence
operations upon her.
Considering that this is midsummer and no
great storms are likely to arise, it would be
comparatively easy to raise the Colombia. All
that is required is to have the necessary appli
ances and know bow to use them.
Jonathan Begg.
Taylor's runch, Novato, July 20, 189(>.
GIRL'S CAPE.
Capos are indispensable for the sudden
changes that occur in the hottest season and
for evening wear.
Cloth is the fabric usually employed in mak
ing these pretty, comfortable and stylish
wraps. Plain lady's cloth simply stitched at
the edges with a bright lining for the hood is
stylish. Mixed tweeds with plain silk lining
for the hood make a serviceable garment.
Brown serge with a plaid silk lining for the
hood is youthful and pretty.
Double-faced cloths are especially nice for
these wraps, the hood thus displaying the con
trasting color of the other side. The cape is
seamless and appeals to the home dressmaker
as a garment easily made.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Back Date— A. F. I. N.. Marshall, CaL The
Bth of April, 1879, fell on a Tuesday. '
. None at Mars Island— W. J. X., City. There
Is no naval training school for boys at Mare
Island. • BBS^BSIBt
Assessments— J. W. R., City. The Assessor
asserts that the valuation he has placed on
real property this year is not 40 or 60 per cent
but the market value of the property.
'; Fractional Currency— J. W. a.. City. Frac
tional currency Issued ■ during the . Civil War
may be said to be still current," for it is re
deemed at the treasury, if unmutilated
Practically It went out of existence when the
Government called it in, in 1881, for the pur
pose of destroying the same.
" Lake Mkrced-H. a, City. There is no City
ordinance "to prohibit any person properly at
tired •in a bathing suit" from bathing in the
waters of Lake Merced, but as the lake is one
of the sources of water supply for the City, the
Spring Valley Company prevents any one from
bathing therein. If a person should attempt
to do so it is certain that he would never want
to try the experiment again. The large plat
form at tH« north cad ol tea l(Uc« was built iv
1882 for the purpose of protecting the outlet
from the sun's rays. The operating oi ma
chinery at Lake Merced was discontinued on
the 11th of January, 1395.
Costelky Case-O. E., City. It is the duty of
the arresting officer or officers in cases in
which he or they are complainant or complain
ants to appear in court to prosecute the ac
cused. The case of William Costeley was dis
missed for want of prosecution. If in that
case any one feels aggrieved because the ar
resting officers did not appear to prosecute,
that person can file a complaint against them
before the Police Commissioners charging
them with nejclect of duty, and upon the trial
all the facts will appear.
Paper Money— H. E. F., City. The figures
given herewith show the value of the several
classes of issues of paper money of the United
States that are still outstanding and the
amount of each denomination. The state
ment was that made up to the close of 189 a:
Of United States notes it is estimated that
there has been destroyed an amount equal to
$1,000,000. and the grand total outstanding
is $1,095,580,315.
Joined in the New Tea Rates.
Notice was rent out yesterday by the South
ern Pacific Company that the following-named
railroads have joined in the new railroad
rates of $1 per 100 pounds in carloads and
$1 50 per 100 pounds in less than carloads on
tea and tea dnst to Chicago and all points
West: Union Pacific, Chicago and Northwest
ern, Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul, Wa
bash, Missouri Pacific, Chicago and Alton,
Chicago, St. Paul, Minneapolis and Omaha,
Chicago and Grand Trunk and Illinois Cen
tral. This leaves the Chicago, Burlington aud
Quincy as the only road not in the new deal.
Mutt Keadvertise.
At a meeting of the Harbor Commissioners
yesterday afternoon bids were opened for the
work of repairing Bryant street, in which
Galloway, Townley & Co. are delinquent. There
were a number of bids, but all of them were
over the statutory limitation of $3000. Ac
cordingly the clerk was directed to readvertise
for ten days. The amounts of the bids sub
mitted were not made known except in two or
three instances.
■. ■ • • <
Soft Baby Cream 15c. lb. Townsend's. *
- » ♦ — «
FrrctAT. information dally to manufacturer*.
business houses find public men by the Pros*
Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Montgomery. - •
A young Indian girl of the Chippewa tribe
was adopted when 3 years of age by a Michi
gan farmer for the sole purpose of satisfying
his hobby that women, if properly trained, can
run faster than men. She is now 19 years of
age, weighs 117 pounds, and can outrun any
man with whom she has ever raced.
Cheap .Excursion to St. Paul.
The Shasta route, and the Northern Pacific Rail
road has been selected as the official rout* to at
tend the National Encampment of the G. A. B. at
St. Paul, to be held there September 2to 6. The
excursion will leave San Francisco and Sacra
mento August 26 at 7 P. v. Kates $67 90 tor the
round trip. The above rate is open to all who wish
to make the trip East, "Send your name and ad
dress to T. K. stateler, general agent, 638 Market
treet, San Francisco, for sleeping-car reservations.
Are You Going: East? •
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa Fa
route— is the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence of
alkali dust. Particularly adapted .'or the trans
portation of families because ot its palace draw
ing-room and nioaern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run dally through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and la
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tick
et office, 644 Market street, Chronicle building.
Telephone, Main 1531.
"Mm. Wtnglow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been nsed over SO years by millions of mother*
for their children while Teething with perfect au>
cess. . It soothes the child, softens the gums, altayi
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels ail
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whet arista?
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drag
gists In every part of the world. Be sure and ask
lor Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup. i!so a bottle.
Corona DO.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry. soft
•nd mild, being entirely free from the mist» com
mon further north. Round- tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel i M.
Coronado, «60: longer stay $3 SO per day. App.f
i>«w Montgomery it., San Francisco. "
A Bafk, simple and effective remedy for in
digestion is a dose of Ayer's Pills. Try the Pills
find make your meals enjoyable.
On Waterloo day Kmperor William for
warded to the British First Royal Dragoons, of
which he was honorary colonel, a wreath with
which to decorate the head of the staff of the
regimental colors. The garland is composed
ot golden laurel leaves, interwoven with
flowers and fruit*, and with a scarlet gold
fringed ribbon attached. On one end of the
ribbon is the initial '-W," with a crown.
V / HEW to-dat:
183 Te3s
Coffees
m. ¥% I f% f%
3 Spices
So Good
So Pure
A Beautiful Piece of Chinaware
Given to Each Customer.
Great AmericanliportiDiifea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 rl i et st. | 4 6 Ninth st.
3510 MUsioa st. aiB Third st
140 Sixth it. : aooB Fill more st.
617 Kearny st. 96s Market at.
U»9 Po«k^t. S& ■ sKetrth St.
sai Montgomery eve. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes at 3359 Minion st.
V S3 ; Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth St.
Ui San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park st.,WKDNESDAV JULY 22. 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
CAi.iroifsiA THKATKR.-"Carmen."
r.Awwix Thkaikk.- "Bohemia," next Monday
evening, • .
Columbia THKATKB-"The Two Escutcheons."
Wohosco's truRA-IioTJSK- -Irish Inspiration."
Trvoi.i OrKBA-Hor»<F-— "Mignon."
Chj-id-t-m— Hlcl'-Class Vaudeville.
£utbo Baths— Bathing and performances.
• tHooT the CHtiTKS— Dally, at Ualght street,
cine block east of the Park.
AUCTION SALES.
By J. C. Mi-thkr— day (Wednesday),
r ocerles, at 1044 Folsom street, at 11 o'clock.
By i-HAiNVAi.n. Buckuke & Co.— Thursday,
July 23. Real Estate, at salesroom, 218-220
Montgomery street. - ' '
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
piiv.le n«nSslnT<UT »M«rtU.
. in<- JoaTn*fß>w li*rt<r» liiiMrn i* *b-vuu
•Mij'.'itv, ♦ MJlMio?*»»ir*i]ul<|T>«n«;nL.
. llmr & - to*o»t> vw»* ♦eit»ta*T •jn^lriWi
*>»iaruji*Tr».V'r ol «lm y:aHV> *»« 'Jta 0* IWry w,
tiooiuii — - - ■ •
• irtJc-r'WTTM \i<)2jmjiSfr yj»* J» tattled
©I firing Wr <fiW Ot TaCirttb* n
Mttcr r*«i
tvntuanfitl «* iuM<*Tl.V[ri?U«f XU M Vtt O'T%r-
JL VAinnrcM iw» Awm-t" lor l»t<jrr» eJoiiJ:
tiuiii'Ttvonr on tilt 52000 Mttic «f Torcn*
tuoun. nt v .tn £dar%j;fsi» *•• Stijjiiqv &V r.
Ulibliiiuue. _
liilt» /Mn*ft|-tTA» .-»• tcr 1« r «pp»Wttia »f>«»^
Aiß.l'ol tDv SnoOmUtftQfjQlftA. ' ; T| * * Utl
U<>«Jrir HiKifinri.
>vraci» |i»Ym * f |cn»frd rif wr«£t a?r>u «/»m», *>r
j<ii'.*t :it«r» « rt'll" • irunxn-.
?»il«»iHr fwinl rwinm »:*.•», «ln«ied
- f>Tj»i«!irirt oihoit'iaixii oV us* jiff^n vui
*»»»n Dnh -nut inn-oi^it i rt i« ufoit lo •-&»
fwonr>nxaiDAtvMtii.ij-tiv.Mri^. , J
»p». 'i\*nntuftun«<'"*' ami I'rryinrt.'t A»o<ii>
rr»rrn«rrr v r t*»^fcali «nh «« .i»Arll.-r%it^r >r ) | i
♦ »«fOi* I'uO.T.i JliftM, ( r* vr*» •]!• tall! fMl f>,t) IDA-
L'tm <il (li> |ti m«— ■ ■•! i i,mi •,ivu;om.
A ■"• CTHO UiI*J &•«•!» Jr»iirtTfnr»Hf» «J>W V
,*X-"» OvTr.iio (fji-'U^ re»T.«;rii s»itt r«-a,ij»t trt
■
on inn» - !■•» T "u!ci(jal IrjWni.
hi iiijcv tfjuynni ian rtfttorrior df
imvntua»iuj wprrtn* to»nu« tlakyt.
Hie lemlur* l!f.il*M/tr «JD ol _M»f H 'If
ofijonfuon tifti'jijii»nj *>rtijiciy 'tbiniuL.
Jtvtke iif .<l>«n! j-|"il»rT(»v ■wu.ijiir.i M»Tft
I - •lull..- jiinf'.l.n 'il Mm
riil;nr|-riiiii" i>i»rf \\' OnilQtTVhtA'u
1W O. (Ta i:i-k.-i fin* \» •,..-( j.<- i. n uwjil it*
(emu mi i*i.« I wiiiii. r -tu- -,)/• %i,ii. <lh"31»i'l
•ottn'irr* tii*«r**'>l'it*!.ijcl'>' ) «tt»(JHlffiri*»n
■
fnuftr.iftaic ic«r-«h»fiis w»«Torl-'* au^^Vbv
■
f. r» n|- «>iiuial«Oniiot) «uijifr<tTM« «i :t«r»
"it*. ... lnulir- lift* tli*e4.'flUWi tO t'rl;iv «ill»
kttu <»:¥iiiiiii» AtttH&4<u Lit *no;if' <.ri;inh b«
'.'.*'' * v "wliijf Myi hy UJt>Oo«acn(4l AlUioUc
•niultunH m ltif^-y*ibri» «le<ilrir<lliv9iiivw.
t,. r xlUwtVnx ql,n-a rp.-lr t-u luscfcdflm
I"' tij-.l liven i .
rHM'<it.«| l/wrp'is o'Oc»T(liOr,h*i4!4ilTrnrtd w
■■o>'iiU-XnT,.-c-, »v
«ni»t.« Asr iWr «n pu« u» tt»r «iitr fc<ui
i«rrti<i totA* J^nejLaiJaJov|lc»».r'(Mr-«ri|(.)n Caa
in I
rvtu. o*oit(n>df*/«ut**nd -•-.•■;:: I'rou-v
•Jr»r nil Mt n,ni.,.,r-» H;Ue. Tlie eiUir l.
Vrt'i'^Hn^ two-. V)r iton I«J! ( «rjK^H/on li*.
1 <4M4Wtt ... . .
Vm^i tnr.^tr*. fjnn-o;<iMUi n , .. i/ > on<lco*n ( sr,
r
<zx» mr urn J"r^ «ttu. uf i)tr< rivwi J>wi nitftitin «.
'.VtimUi? litrr. fa
t. •> f. I • M I, .Ml 1 (!.•«:.„£.
y-3 AA^.f.ca^ siu'»:rr-MM(m»»jtonrifii» uuiereU
J*f.Twt«K»i»»> «CTU'^ fiutn <itmi «nd.ru«de#
r»tv'vli»jiCv'l -» .n.rr m f n,. lurjjr lire.
U JfM|>l"».r»^nit wnvttME cr nit* ClißtnMroJ
C^nirtir-i* .t.-ri—rto rnoJUUnfli wctrt tus^d
fur -J-nr/i.. >— 'tjW'iiinieirtor «'aa»#f#twp]ei)>«ti
ffrnlrt^.t^irDtCß^VU/fcn.i Ujr fflrfch<n»-«.
V ■ ■r'Mn f««U»', lil* nni»it-rot CLliir-
Jnlf ■ I* »Ullili fkliu TbrtliVOTCM.
Int ([ilnri »rr • »rr^-t or cUlh-.Uit; «»?Mr rrxtrttr.l
"!"".. i»o j «!•% in-* < i:iTP«i'Prt»nri of nine -
«nr. aii» /im*n*rte a«« »t tx. ru «MuV V»
fi*uaiitf Tf*« ( -»>'*iPi>f.Anit. rnipiir'
"""• \t»f%»c li'iir'-hooxutfavi ..I cTtnlusn
-1
■
1
nl • .• •
Ajcw«r <<t L - ti.»rl\'» Arm* MDor. l"" '■inr.«
Ttiv*t,«tttfCinrMiii w*ih /Mfiiiiouilv iui.iu*c
i. In
ffwrpJu £follvid<i< 2U3 Tweuty.tljlhJ itmol
■
.'. <0 !? I; * o .? n * Ot " '^'V'?' ■T»nn».thl?.l -ami
tn.r^ <M'»ii». ««» Imfinjj miun.Ml»»O!i to
: r l.tDj^ liU »Wl»< r/it tipvrij u\X, —
•«*«» ifil !/>•• i jirniF'. I
fcrOllLvtt* J»MiiJ fw«i»fil«.T lit tUu aicrtibnbl*'
x«u»r»»J V.|m V*«n>t l(||l>>ti aisle*! ; t* mjr
■ '.sr
V? 7. lUW..U .1..'.: •».- ptAT<P»at» D;.i yarf !«
?*•»«»! iJicTt«ti*r /r«HTil*j-T/>ei) *« nld wwkl.
.lr«'Ht»l .tb |r«|»fi? h.T, *TlfJ iiUUclr WUUtt'l IH
itertil %< ',
t/ir *nr»*.irr.» »m ./.id <.hym« n... hci^«h;h.
i intr H «• p»r^ t»ii fcjt #<il ir, a ctftnutl lt*Jy. «.»
nt.ii ...| 1i,...,0i .-. ..mi ili.KJul.-y, |i*r,Ul
I'M ".Mini'i ,i>t.i i- iiii.,,v,, «nii iv in.nin-r.
<i;.uu« Ur »-♦ i* i» •»!>)«• I J.
KEW TO-DAT.
eveiyljnd
. OF
HUMOR
FROM
PIMPLES
TO
SCROFULA
Speedily cured by Cuticpra Resolvent,
peateat of humor cures, assisted externally
'»>• -warm baths with CtTTioi'RA Soap, and
gentle appiic^^ng of cuticura (ointment),
lDe Great skin cure, when all else fail*.
Rom? .!. h ""«hoiit the world. Price, Ccticbra. fiOc.i
»-" $«¥"'%' So1 ' l"roP«-. Bo»t«n, I). S. A.
"^ tel « Cure Jfclrerj iiumor," mailed free.
NEWS FROM THE
OVERDUE FLEET,
Several of Them Managed
to Reach Here Yes
terday.
ALL DELAYED OFF PORT.
The Progressist Reports Nine
Square-Riggers Off Point
Reyes.
REINSURANCE PAID ON THEM.
Several Steam-Schooners Tied Up
Own? to a Break-Dowa in
a Lumber Mill.
Gamblers on overdue ships were joyful
yesterday. The A. G. Ropes, on which 10
per cent reinsurance was paid, got in from
New York, and the City of Philadelphia,
on which 95 percent has been paid, has
been spoken this side of the Horn with all
well.
The British ship Cedarbank, now out
187 days from Antwerp and on which 25
per cent reinsurance was paid, wasspok-n
off Point Reyes and half a dozen other
vessels were sighted in the fog, all at
tempting to make port under unfavorable
circumstances. It is thought that nearly
all the overdue fleet is now outside await
ing a chance to get in. The fleet is as fol
lows: Jordan Hill, 179 days fiom Liver
pool, 30 per cent; City of Philadelphia, 170
days from New York, 95 per cent; Santa
Clara, 157 days from New York, 30 per
cent; Wilhelm Tell, 154 days from Swan
sea, 30 percent; Cedarbank, from Ant
werp, 25 per cent, and one or two others
which have already arrived in port.
Th£ Morning She Was F..,0w- by the British Ship B re nda, Which BHn gS ,h e News
■ terday Was One of the Busies, in The Port in Months! : ?f^i|]^|! " Side of th Horn. The Scene at the Golden Gate Yes "
Among the arrivals yesterday was the
British ship Brenda from London. The
Star of France maie the run in 114 days,
but it took the Brenda 158 days to cover
the same distance. Li«htwinds and calms
and heavy weather rounding the Horn
was the cause of the Brenda's delay. Can
tain Tulioch's report is as follows:
Sailed February 16. Hnd a fine rundown
the channel. Hnd fine northeast trades to the
equator. Crossed the equator March 12, longi
tude 26. 30 west. Had notherly winds to lati
tude 21 south. Then had >outherly and south
westerly winds to Cape Horn, which we passed
April 25.
Was forty-three days from 50 south in the
Atlantic to 50 Rf.ath in the Pacific. On April
23, latitude 55.40 south, longitude 64 west,
saw a four-masted baric with fore and main
mast gone at the cap and mizzen-mast at the
deck. The vessel had her signals set, but as it
was, blowing a heavy west-south west gale at
the time it was impossible to render her any
assistance. Six other shipi were also in sight
at the time.
Captain Tulioch's report of speaking
overdue ships is as follows:
April 2.— Latitude 34 south, longitude 48
west, British ship William Tell, 42 days out
from Swansea, for San Francisco.
May I— Latitude 57 south, longitude 68
tvest, 62 days out, ship City of Philadelphia,
from New York for San Francisco.
May 2.— La.itude 58 south, longitude 70
west. British bark Latham, 81 days out from
Swansea for San Francisco.
July 4.— Latitude 23 north, longitude 124
west, British ship Lauriston, 53 days out fjom
Sydney for San Francisco.
April 23.— Latitude 56 south, longitude 64
west, Brit sh ship Fulwood, from Grimsby ior
Portland, Or.
April 23.— Latitude 56 south, longitude 64
west, British ship Loch Linnhe, irom Hamburg
for San Francisco.
April 23.— Latitude 56 south, longitude 64
west, British ship Gulf Stream, from Antwerp
for Port Los Angeles.
On every one of these vessels more or less
reinsurance has been paid and the joy
among shipping meu was correspondingly
great when news of their having been
spoken was received.
The captain of the British whaleback
Progressist reported on his arrival yester
day that six miles west of Point Arena
he passed what he supposed io be the Brit
ish fchip Ventura. On the 21st inst., at 6
A. M., rive miles west of Point Reyes, he
passed the Cedarbank and at the same
time saw nine other vessels all trying to
make port. The weather was thick and
the wind light from the south. The
Cambuskenneth, another overdue ship,
now out 180 days from Humburg, was
spoken in latitude 55.34 south, longitude
79 west. Just what vessel in a dismantled
condition was spoken by the Brenda seems
to be in doubt, out the consensus of opin
ion among shipping men is that it was the
Undaunted, now out 182 days from Bal
timore. She has not been hoard from
since she passed Cape Henry on January
15 last.
The deep-water fleet presented a orettv
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1896.
picture entering the Golden Gate yester
day. Captain Rivers on the A. G. Ropes
declined a tow and brought his vessel in
under full sail. The Brenda was towed in
and the Progressist came steaming in late
in the afternoon. A couple of Honolulu
packets also got in, and the Ventura, from
Comox, B. C, with coal, also put in an ap
pearance. With such a big fleet in sight
the chances are that business will again
boom on the water front
The ferry steamer Tiouron was delayed
half an hour on the 9 a. m. trip yesterday.
A small oolt in the machinery broke and
it took the chief engineer and his assist
ant quite a while to repair damages. Cap
tain White managed to make time, how
ever, and the steamer left on her usual 11
a. m trip punctually.
They had lots of fun with Frank Bragg
on Folsom-street wharf yesterday. One of
the Custom-house officers offered to bet
that he could tell his weight to a pound.
Frank took the bet and the weighing
began. Captains Randall, Hawley,
Haskells, Silovich, Marshall and others
were standing around awaiting develop
ments. The Inspector got Frank's two
arms over his shoulders and hoisted him
in the air. Then there was fun. Each
one of those captains produced a barrel
stave, and it is safe to say that Bragg got
at least one good one for every pound of
his avoirdupois before he managed to
wriccle to terra firma. Weights can still
be tested on the Folsom-street scales.
The State of California on the Portland
route will be laid up for one trip and the
Merico will take her place. The latter has
been newly refitted throughout and is now
one of the finest vessels in the fleet.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Orizaba left Mazatlan on the 18th inst.
and will be due here on the 25th inst. in
the morning. It will be the end of the
month before she gets away on her regu
lar trip. The company will send away
about August 10 a steamer to Alaska.
She will go via Puget Sound ports and will
carry nothing but coaloil, gunpowder and
other dangerous goods.
The steamer Zealandia sailed for Cen
tral American ports yesterday in com
mand of Captain F. W. Hart, late of the
Mariposa. She has taken the place of the
Colombia and went out loaded with gen
eral merchandise. Dave Watson, who
has served his time on the Mariposa from
quartermaster up, has been promoted to
the position of chief officer and R. Ray
has been made second and J. Torres third
officer. The Mariposa will sail to-morrow
with a full cargo and a iarge passenger
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Doric sailed for the Orient
yesterday with one of the largest cargoes
of flour that has ever left this )>ort in a
passenger steamer. She was loaded down
to the Plimsol mark, but was well trimmed.
There were only five passengers in the
cabin and very few in the steerage.
The tug Vigilant went down to the
wreck of the Colombia last night. A
quantity of wrecking appliances were
taken down and an attern.pt will be made
to save the engines and boilers.
•n ff au7 ? f Samuei Kenny, 200k on the
ill-fated Blairmore. was found in the hold
of that vessel yesterday. The remains
were found among the ballast and were in
a fairly state of preservation. An
inquest will be held to-day.
Pollard* Dodge's redwood mill on the
north coast hue been shut down owing to
a breakdown in the machinery. In con
sequence the steamers Tiliamook, West
port and JLaguna have been idle. Yester
day the Laguna sailed with a new cotr
wneel for the mill, and it is expected thai
work will begin again next week
OCEAN VIEW REPUBLICANS.
They Indorse the Leaden and Resent
Criticism.
The Ocean View Republican Club at its
meeting held Monday evening at Taylor
Hall passed the following resolutions:
Whereas, The Republican National Conven
tion ha« in its judgment placed in immluaMo n
ior the offices of President and Vice-PreMden
Garden T U Ho d C a^ teß WllU ™ McKinle * «*
Re*olvtd, That we, the members of tho Ocean
View Republican Club, Indorse William Mc-
Kimeyand Garrett Hobart for President and
further l ° United States; and It is
Resolved. That we indorse our Supervisor of
the Eleventh Ward, Hon. J. K. C. fiT.bbs, and
and actions, as being ° benefit tO OUr ward;
ana it is lurther !
Rtnolved, That we indorse the Hon. J. D.
Br»reokel« aa : leader oi the Republican party
l£r?ki C " \l n , a We p edge ourselves to sup
port him in this campaign.
The following resolution was also intro
duced and was unanimously earned: '
Whereas. The Mission Mail has. seen fit to
!!»!«■• ?? f f v . r x presld , c r nt M one unfit t° have
tw?v ,?l t l he ,,, 0 . cc « an Vl « w Republican Club,
Thirty-sixth district, and < whereas tne said
ni^ lOn f^ V hll pretendin 8 r to "Poure the
cause of lie Republican party in Ocean View,
is in reality trying by articles published in its
columns to further the interests of the Dem"
cratic party &nd politicians in the Thirty-sixth
Jienolv'ed, That the members of the Ocean
View Republican Club do by these resolutions
express confidence- in tneir president as one
who tias the interests of the Republican party
at heart and one who . is ;- always for the best
interests of the party.
Resolved, That the members of this club re
sent any interference of the Mission Mail or
its editor with its officers or members; and, '
.Rejoiced. That they will not allow the pub
lished statements of said Mission Mail to go
broadcast without objection. ■■
• The prison population of India, .large as
it is, is only 38 per ;; 100,000 inhauitants, or
lens than half the proportion that prevails
in Great Britain. - - - . '
Horrrs foi Boys, Biirlingame. Sixth
year beirins Aur. 4. Ira ii. Hoitt. Ph.D.. Master*
A QUESTION OF
KILLING COWS,
Milk Inspector Dockery Has
an Interesting After
noon.
HE ENLISTS THE POLICE.
Meat Inspector Davis Effects
a Flank Move
ment.
A HERD DRIVEN AWAY.
Dairymen Will Oppose the Killing
of Their Cattle— Will Go
to Court.
Milk Inspector Dockery and Meat In
spector Davis had a field day yesterday.
With Veterinary Surgeon Neff they via
iled the Bwiss Alpine dairy for the pur-
po*e of killing off some forty cows that
had failed to Dass the tuberculine test, as
required by the United States law. They
met with such opposition on the part
of the proprietors of the dairy, Messrs.
Bauruann & Baumann, tliev were com
pelled to enlist the services of some police
man and three vaqueros to secure pos
session of the cows and drive them away
by the exercise of force and a clever ruse.
It will be remembered that the cows
were condemned some time ago, and al
though Inspector Dockery read them the
law in English and Davis translated it in
German the Baumanns. who are Swiss,
set up a claim that they did not
understand their riehts in the prem
ises. The law grants them the privi
lege of having a veterinary surgeon
present to repre»ent their interests
during the examination. They did not
take advantage of t:.is, and tindine forty
of their cows condemned they made a pro
test which the Board of Health, however,
was inclined to disregard. The officers
wer^ ordered to go ahead with the kiiiing.
Dockery, however, wishing that they be
perfectly "satisfied, urged that unotuerjte^t
oe made for their benefit. The board,
however, could not give the matter the
time necessary within another two weeks,
and for the intervening time Dockery
insisted that the condemned cows be kept
in quarantine ana no part of their miik
used.
This was an expensive, proceeding for
Binmenn <£ Baumann, and they urged that
the test be made at once. Accompanied
I by Veterinary Surgeon Neff, the two in
spectors went to the dairy yesterday, aj
stated. Veterinary Surgeon E».j;an repre
sented Baumann <fe Baumann. He decided
that it was not necessary to go through
with another test. It was agreed
that three cows be selected from the forty
and killed. If they were found rii?ease<i
then the whole lot should be condemned
and slaughtered. If they wore in good
health then another and very careful test
should oe made.
Dockery selected a cow. It was killed
by Davis. The lungs wgre given to tue
two surgeons and they were found to be
badly diseased. Then Baumann selected
a Holstein bull, 18 months old. It was
killed aqd found to be in an advanced state
of tuberculosis.
It was then that the Baumanns com
menced «o hght against their own agree
ment. They flatly declared that no more
of the cows should be killed. One of their
employes- took up a position near by with
an ax— chopping wood as an excuse Doek
ery believed, for having an ax in his hand.
The officers said the agreement had
been fairiy carried out on their part; the
cows had bean shown to be diseased and
they must be killed. The dairymen said
"no."
Dockery, Davis and the veterinary re
tired, and after dinner returned with three
po:icemen and three vaqueros. They were
met at tue fence by the dairymen aud
their employes, and the indications all
! pointed to a spirited encounter, for both
, Dockery and Davis said they would have
i the cows if other blood than that of dis
eased bovines had to be spilled.
However, it was not necessary. While
they were aiscussing the matter Davis
opened the gate, the vaqueros rode in.
drove the cows out of the inclosure before
they could be intercepted and took tnem
to Butchertown, where they now are.
They will all be slaughtered to-day.
The officers are very much incensed that
they should meet with such opposition in
the discharge ot their duty, especially, as
they say, after having given the firm more
j than the benefit of every right which the
I law allows.
This is the statement of the case as given
by the officers of the board.
On the other hand the dairymen declare
that the young T>ull killed was free from
any sign of disease, and tney declare they
will take the matter to court.
This conclusion was reached at an in
formal meeting of the Dairymen's Asso
ciation yesterday afternoon.
They believe that the health authorities
have exceeded their authority, and a test
case will be made by enjoining the officials
from slaughtering any more stock by way
of an experiment.
The views of the Dairymen's Associa
tion may be set forth by the remarks of
John D. Daly, who said last night: 'The
dairymen do not object to Mr. Dockery
condemning diseased milch cow* or
destroying impure milk. On the con
trary, every ri^ht-minded man in the
business— and I am safe in saying that the
men who have invested their money in
the dairy business are respectable citi
zens — are in favor of supplying their
customers with good pure milk.
"We are anxious and willing to haw our
herd examined by competent veterinary
surgeons, and when they find a cow or
cows suffering from tuberculosis to have
them separated from the healthy stock.
We do not want our healthy cows to be
come infected by unhealthy ones.
"But willing as we may be to have all
this done, we decidedly object to have our
stock killed — as we believe without due
process of law.
"Believing Mr. Dockery to be an honest,
fair-minded man, I still believe he has ex
ceeded his authority. We propose to test
this question in a court of justice."
A FORTY-WINER DEAD.
"Bob" Egbert, Well-Known In ThU
state. Died Yesterday at Rio VUta.
Robert S. Egbert, or "Bob Egbert" as
he was better known to old Californians,
died yesterday at his ranch near Rio
Vista. He leaves two sons and a daugn
ter, one of the former being Charles Eg
bert, the manager of the .Philadelphia
Brewery. Tue deceased was a "49-er" and
began life in this City as a merchant in
the firm of Sisson, Egbert & Co.. at Col
fax. Finally he withdrew from business
ana retired to Rio Vista. He was of a
sterr.ng character and respected by all
who knew bim.
The funeral will take place Friday from
the residence of his son Charles, 1523
Webster street, Oakland, and the body
will be buried in Mountain View Ceme
tery.
llurgla: « Loot- a House.
How frequently do papers chronicle the
looting of a house by burglars and how
seldom is property so appropriated ever
recovered. The next best tiling to the re
covery of the property is a recompense for
pecuniary loss. Those who wish to in
sure against losses of this character should
call and see Okell. Donnell <fe Co.. 411
California street, Pacific Coast agents for
the New England Burglary Insurance
Com pauy.
Fire In the Potrero.
An alarm was sounded through box 537, at
8:15 o'clock last evening fora fire caused by
the explosion of a lamp in a frame dwelling:
house occupied bj Samuel Gilmor<.-, corner of
Fourteenth avenue and P street South. The
damage amounted to about $75, which is
covered by insurance.
Mian Ashley Charged.
Information was yesterday tiled by the Dis
trict Attorney charging: Emma A. Ashley with
assault <o commit murder upon the person of
Elias J. Baldwin.
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Co., 43 Sutter street.
Telei>noue Main 49. Ke«£ your checks for us."
WHITTIER OUT OF
THE DIRECTORATE,
Resigned From the Board
of the Valley
Road.
HIS SUCCESSOR CHOSEN.
J. A. Hooper Elected to the Va
cancy at the Stockholders'
Annual Meeting.
REPORTS OF OFFICERS FILED.
Brief Biographical Sketch of the New
Director of the People's
Railroad.
At the first annual meeting of the
stockholders of the San Francisco and San
Joaquin Valley Railway Company yester
| day directors and officers for the ensuing
year were elected and the reports of Secre
tary Mackie and Chief Engineer Storey
were submitted, received and filed.
Secretary Mackie's report consisted of a
carefully detailed statement of expendi
tures, ana that of Engineer Storey of the
progress made by the construction depart
ment during the year ending June 30,
1896. The salient features of both were
published in The Call of Sunday last.
All the trustees were present and also
the entire board of directors, with tlse ex
ception of W. F. Whittier, Alvinza Hay
ward and Isaac TJpham.
President Claus Sprecke.'s presided and
the rolicall showed the following trustees
present: Thomas Brown, Adolph B.
Spreckels, Lovell White, Daniel Meyer,
James Cross, James D. Phelan, C. de
Guigne, O. D. Baldwin, F. W. Van Bick
len. Of the directors there were present
the following: Claus Spreckels, Robert
Watt, Captain A. H. Payson, John D.
Bpreckels, J. B. Stetson, Charlea Hoi
brook, Leon Sloss, Thomas Magee.
Some few months ago, just prior to his
departure for Europe, W. F. Whittier ten
dered nis resignation as a director, assign
ing as a reason for his action the press of
private business. The other members of
the board refused to act on it. however,
until yesterday, when it was duly accepted,
with appropriate words of regret.
At the election of directors which fol
lowed the remainder of the old board was
re-elected and J. A. Hooper was chosen to
fill the vacancy created by the resignation
of Mr. Whittier.
Immediately on the adjournment of the
stockholders' meeting the directors me t
and re-elected ail the old officers, as fol
lows: President, Claus Sprecfcels: vice
president, Robert "Wait ; second vice-presi
dent, Captain A. H. Payson; secretary,
Alexander Mackie.
J. A. Hooper, the newly elected director,
is a member oV the firm of F. P. & J. A.
NEW TO- DAT.
A. Schilling & Company
of San Francisco are help-
ing Japan sell more good
tea in the United States.
They are using their best
efforts to stop the use of
cheap tea. This is directly-
opposed to the interests of
American tea-shippers and
tea-colorers in Japan.
Isn't it mean to interfere
with their enterprise?
Really you ought to drink
nothing but colored tea —
and, for that matter, why
not drink your Prussian
blue and plumbago pure?
Schilling s ßest'is pure —
money-back tea, at your
grocer's.
A Schilling & Company
sar h'rancisco 3j£
CO63WELL POLYTECHNIC COLLEGE
The n^xtterm of this school will begin
MOJIDAY, AUGUST 3, 1896.
Pupils desiring admission and not yet enrolled
will apply at the office, '26th and Folsom sts., from
8 a. v. to 12 x.
J. H. CULVER. Manager.
■_•'"•'»■■ SEW TO-DAT.'
— — ~— ~— ~~- . — . —^ — —y. — '—a
| Holes in Your Health, i
j!
■<& What does that mean ? Sup- N %
\ \ pose you are taking in money y\
' \\ all day, and drop it t into a (■<''
'.<?' pocket with holes ; you will ( j\
1 1) " find yourself a loser instead of I '
<£ a gainer.by the day's business. ?|
]>; Same with your health. You «'
(? eat and drink and sleep, yet ]>
i) lose instead of gain strength. \ \
<[< There's a hole in your health, %
]') Some blood disease, probably, 't\
{ \ sapping your vitality. You | (
j ? : can't begin, too soon, to take S ( \ ,
'» the great blood purifier, ■ '■¥■
i| Ayer's Sarsaparilla. |
Hooper, lumber merchants at 4 California
street. He is about 56 years of age and
has been interested in the lumber business
of this City for about forty years. His in
terests at present are in the Stockton Lum
ber Company, the Port Costa Lumber
Company, the Santa Barbara Lumber
Company, the San Pedro Lumber Com
pany, the Valley Lumber Company, the
First. National Bank (of which he is" a di
rector), and in the Mutual Savings Bank.
The firm of which he is a member is also
engaged in the shipping business and.
J. A. Hooper, the New Director of the
Valley Road.
operates four vessels of its own on thi3
coast, besides chartering many others.
Mr. Hooper resides at San Mateo, where
he owns an elegant Lome.
In a day or two Traffic Manager Moss
will issue some new commodity rates.
It was expected that the issuance of
$6,000,000 worth of bonds would be taken
up at the meeting of the directors of the
Valley road yesterday, but the absence of
some of the directors prevented any action
being taken, as it requires the unanimous
consent of the directors to bond the road.
KEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO. THEATERS.
II LAST 5 NIGHTS
'#Ia AT THE .« And Special
I.A I I Crt D I A Professional
VAUrORmA M«inee Thursday.
. —i- i. i Regular Matinee
• . Saturday.
Stock well's Company of Players.
I* lI C iys c sul FRK >ERicK ward E
II Mil USE II ROSE COG ELL AX.
The Dramatic Success of the Year.
Last performance of •■carmen" Sunday nicnt.
Monday. July Exquisite Shakespearean pro-
duction i 'MKRCHA.NT oP , VENICE I '— llr.
Warde as Shylock: Miss Coghlan as Portia.
■ Grand Beopening
tev AT THE; fc «. Monday, July 27—
RJ A • E*>«c#ff\r I' Grand Beopening
Monday, July 27—
Charles Frohman's
EMPIRE THEA-
&Jf\LIJVX tm TER CO. of Aew
' „ York City,
Presenting Clyde Fitch's Play,
BOHEMIA.
"Better than Trilby."— World. '
"As good as Trilby."— Times.
• "More artistic than Trilby."— Sun.
SEATS READY TO-MORROW (THURSDAY)
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mjta. /cuxbjATusti. ivhKLisa, Proprietor <& .\i*uj.£*i
Season of Italian and English Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mb. Gcbtav Hznbichs.
THIS ETENIHG — -
Also Friday and Sunday Evenings, Ambroise
Thomas Romantic Opera,
"MIONON."
To-morrow Evening, 26th Anniversary Gustav
. Hliirichs Directorship— 8114,—
"I PAQIjIAOOr '
Orchestral Selections from
"HANSEL ANDGKETEL."
'——^-Saturday Evening
"MARTHA."
NEXT WEEK— "CAK.MKN " AND "FAUST.'
Popular Prices— 2sc and 500. .
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE:
: The Handsomest Family Theater in Amaricx. ' *
WAJLTKR MOROSCO, Sola Lease* and Miknagae
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Return Star Engagement of the Popular Comedian
EM MET T SHKi;IDA> ; ■ ■
v , In Howard P. Taylor's Latest Success,.
"IRISH INSPIRATIONI"
. A Picturesque Story of the Emerald Isle. '
Evening Prices— 35c and 50c.
v Family ircl- and Gallery, 10c.
Usual A.atiuees Saturday and Sunday.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powe'.L .
Week Commencing Monday, July .20.
Matinee :o-i»ay (Wednesday), July 22.
Parquet, any seat, 25c: Balcony, any seat,' 10c; -
Children, 10c, any parr.
—SEE THE GREAT — — -
BIONDI !—— BIONDl !
Last \Veek\pf Prof. Macart's Dog, MonKey and
• ■:■•■■■ : - Baboon Circus. »
28 ALL GKEAT AivTISTS! 28
THE CHUTES,
o^.siisr!O!
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth!
evert' Afternoon AND ' evening.
Great Success of Our New Bill:
•RYDER and C'iNLOX, Acrobats Grotesque.
AL HAZARD, the Wor.d's Premier Ventriloquist,
I MISS VIOLA SHELDON, soprano.
VIRGINIA , ARAGON, Que-n of Wire Walkers,
: and the Marvelous
MAR -V HAM A M I L Y.
Saturday . first appearance in Sail Francisco of
" "JOE: " "JOE! "
ADMISSION IO CENTS.
Children, including Merry-Go-Kound Ride, 5 cent*
#utw §Ufc
AND PLEASURE GROUNDS,
i Open Daily from 7 A. 31. Until lIP, M*
78
THOSE PERMITS
FOR FISTICUFFS,
The Juggling Methods of
the Supervisors Puz
zle Clubs.
MANAGERS FEEL UNEASY
Matches That Are Now Made
May Possibly Be De
clared Off.
GALLAGHER IS AFTER MITCHELL
Joe McAuiffe Will Try Farley's
Wonderful Discovery in the Hope
of Reducing Flesh.
The sporting fraternity cannot under
stand the "in andjout" system as recently ]
adopted by the Supervisors regarding box
ing permits.
During a recent meeting of the board, at
the suggestion of one of its members the
permit question waß referred back to the
Health and Police Committee for its re
consideration.
In discussing matters pugilistic last
evening at a favorite sporting resort a
prominent sport asked a wcil-known mem
ber of the Board of Supervisors for a little
information.
He desired to know what the Super
visors meant by granting certain clubs
permission to hold fistic contests during
certain specified months and then chang
ing their views at the meeting following.
The Supervisor smiled and gave some
evasive answer, which was interpreted by
<he sport as meaning that the City Fath
ers had far greater interest in boxing en-
tertainments than many people imagined,
and that, like Davy Crockett, their motto
was, first, be sure you're right, then go
ahead.
It is presumed that the Health and Po
lice Committee will pass on the permit
question definitely at its next meeting,
which will be on Friday.
Young Mitchell was notified yesterday
that Biily Gallagher, the pugilist who did
not give a satisfactory contest at the last
entertainment of the ciub, intended to
bring suit against Mitchell for money
which the fighter alleged was owing to
him. Mitchell appeared to be very uncon
cerned in the matter ami said in an off
handed way that if Gallagher or his attor
ney desired to enter suit against him or
the club he represents there was nothing
to bar them from proceeding.
"I paid Gallagher's training expenses,"
said Mitchell, "and according to the
agreement which he signed previous to
ihe exhibition, that was all and more in
fact that he was entitled to; but if he
wants to go to law very bad I shall not be
a stumbling olock in his way."
Gallagher says Mitchell did not treat
him righr in the premises and that his
attorney is very sanguine of winning the
Miit, otherwise 'he would not have any
thing to do with it.
It is said that Jeffres has started out on
the "pace that kills" and can be found at
any hour of day in saloons the proprietors
of which cater to the trade of the sporting
element
Peter Maher and his backer are waiting
and hoping for a good turn in the tide of
affairs pugilistic. Maher has still an idea
that the National Athletic Club will
smooth matters over with the City Fathers
and that permission will be granted to
Manager Groom to give just one more en
tertainment. Some members^)f the board
are very much opposed to the National
Club and it is doubtful if their old sores
will be healed in time to give Peter a
chance to return to New York with $6000
of California's gold coin.
Connolly, who is looking after the in
terests of the Irish pugilist, says that if
all fruit fails and the bij-money proposi
iion is shelved he will enter into an agree
ment with some of the enterprising tbe
atrical managers to have Maher spar a
limited number of rounds with some
local boxer, just to give the sporting
people of San Francisco an idea of how
Maher has improved within the past few
years.
Speaking of the Irishman's fight with
Fitz?immons, Connolly said:
"Maher Had all the best of the mill in
the first round, and had it not been for a
smash the New Zealander hit him in the
break-away from a clinch, Fitzsimmons
would certainly have left the ring a de
feated man.
"Maher was cautioned by the referee in
the first round against clinching, and he
endeavored to show the crowd that he did
not intend to take any mean advantage of
his opponent, and by so doing the New
Zealander took an unfair advantage of him
the first chance he got. and put it on to
the Irishman the moment he let go of
long Bob'a neck. I would give a good
deal if Peter had just one more chance at
the alleged heavy-weight champion, but
I'm satisfied that he will never again put
up his bis 'props' in front of the red
headed blacksmith."
The Occidental Club will match "Kid"
Lavigne to box either Everhardt or Charley
McKeever under its auspices, and negotia
tions are now pending between the club
and the lighters with that object in view.
Supervisor King is a warm friena of
Peter Maher and it is said that he will
try to induce Maher to accept of a purse
offered by the Occidental Club. Maher is
not on friendly terms with Young Mitchell
ever since the time the latter ruled against
him in a limited contest be engaged in
with big Joseph McAuKffe at the Grand
Opera-house.
Maher contends that he should have
had the decision, and tbe old sore against
Young Mitchell still remains open. But
all those little difficulties between fighters
and fight promoters can be adjusted nicely
by a little gentle persuasion, tempered
with a little softßoap — that healing ma
terial which is so highly prized- by rich
and poor.
Big Joe McAuliffe has actually started
in to reduce flesh. Professor Farley says
that his boy can whip any raau who walks
under the sun and that two years from
now he will be the champion heavy
weight pngilist of the world.
"What surprises me most is that all those
big fellows who pretend to be great fighters
will have nothing to do with Joe," re
marked old Farley as he doffed bis ' 49 sun
ehade and ran his fingers through the
>'irsute covering of his pate.
"They will tell you," continued tbe pro
fessor, "that McAuliffe is a back number
and that be is too fat and all that kind of
talk, but you mark my word for it, if Joe
ever meets any of those blowbards he will
make them with that they never took up
fighting for a living.
"My boy is big and fat now, I must con
fess, but after he has taken a couple of
bottles of my wonderful discovery, he will
look entirely different to what be is how.
"Between my discovery and handball, I
promise you that Joe will enter the ring
against Slavin, or any one else for that
matter, in condition to iiybt for a man's
life. Just wait and see for yourself," and
the old professor ran like a deer to catch a
passing streetcar.
REPUBLICAN RESOLUTIONS.
The Forty-Fourth District Club In
dorses Party Leaden.
At the regular weekly meeting of the
Forty-fourth District Republican Club the
following resolutions were unanimously
adopted :
We, the Forty-fourth District Republic&n
Club, <lo heartily indorse the actions of
our National Conimitteeman, Hon. John D.
Spreckels and Hon. G. Bitcigalupi, and pledge
them our undivided support.
The club is rapidly increasing its mem
bership roll. At the last meeting twelvo
more names were added to the roll,
making 342 in all.
Scandinavian Republicans.
A spirited meeting of tbe Scandinavian Re
publican Club was held at Washington Hall
on Eddy street last evening. The attendance
was large, and the attendants were enthusi
astic. Fifty new members were enrolled,
mr.king the total number of names on the
club roster considerably In excess of 100. This
organization Is a straight out-and-out Kepub
iicau ciub, without any ifs or auds. The mem
bers will get together again at Washington
Hall oft Tuesday evening of next week.
Georgie Walker, Age 7, and His Rescue From a Flour Barrel, as Described by Himself. The
Police Are in Some Doubt as to the Accuracy cf His Blood-Curdling Tale, Which, However, Is
Not Doubted by His Father.
ILL USED AND IN EXILE,
Sad Plight of Santiago Corella,
a Fourteen- Year-Old
Boy.
Mrs. Estefana Garcia Accused of Maul
ing Him Wuenever She Got
the "Tantrums."
The sad case of Santiago Corella, noted !
in The Call some time ago, has once more j
been brought to public notice. Corella,
who is only 14 years of age, has been liv
ing, or rather existing, with an old woman
named Estefana Garcia, in a lodging-house '
at 323 Montgomery avenue. The woman
is said to be subject to "tantrums," during i
which she has been seen to beat the young
ster unmercifully with pots, pans, broom
sticks, or anything else that might come
handy.
Poor Santiago grew to fear these "tan- j
trums," and flee from them as from a
cyclone's path. Hence his humble bed on
a chest in the woman's room was often !
vacant, its tenant seeding repose In the j
dust-hole, the swill-bin; or in some friendly
closet or corner in the corridors. One of
the lodgers, taking pity on the boy's bad |
plight, offered him a share in his quarters
whenever Mrs. Garcia's interesting symp
toms might make their appearance, a
hospitality which Santiago gladly ac
cepted. , At the same time the man noti
fied Mrs. Garcia and her alleged husband
that in case matters did not mend the j
authorities would be notified.
Matters did not mend, and accordingly |
! the boy was taken in charge by the So- |
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren and placed in the Boys' Training
Home o:i Taylor street, while a warrant
was issued for the arrest of Mrs. Garcia on
a charge of cruelty.
"The case is a sad one," commented Sec
retary Welch • yesterday. "It looks, as
though the boy Santiago had been ab
ducted from his home in Manzanillo by
Mrs. Garcia's late son, who was a sailor.
The captain on the steamer would have j
retained him in, his employ, as he had i
taken quite a fancy to the lad, but Garcia
insisted upon bringing him here. The lit
tle fellow has grown up in ignorance and
filth and is truly an object of charity. 1
intend requesting the Mexican Consul to
write to Manzanillo and Colima, wher^
Corella has relatives, asking them to send
means for his passage home. If returned
to the Garcia woman there is every reason
to fear that the poor little fellow, who is
not very bright, may become idiotic"
■ . » * * — — —  • . ■
Borrow on sealskins, silks and Jewels at Uncle
Harris. IB Grant avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1896.
MYSTERY OF A
FLOUR BARREL
Strange Story of a Fran
cisco-Street Small
Boy.
WAS MURDER INTENDED 1
Georgie WaJker Thinks That He
Has Narrowly Escaped
Death.
ONLY CHILDREN WERE PRESENT
These Young Witnesses Tell Very
Contradictory Stories of the
Affair.
Thomas Walker lives at 532 Francisco
street. He has children, grandchildren,
adopted children and visiting children
who climb around his knees, plunker-
plunk with his guitar, eat ginger-bread
elephants on his front steps and ride
around the block on h is wagon with him.
Mr. Walker is gray- haired and affable and
speaks Spanish. One of his neighbors is
W illiam Watts, who is middle-aged, gifted
with a lonn gray beard, a paternal smile
and ten children, who ranee in size from
the veriest toddler to the tall boy who is
big enough to have his outgrown clothes
cut over for his father. Tnese two house
hold?, opulent in babies, are liKe the rest
of Francisco street in that respect, for
there are battalions of babies in a house
and regiments of them in a single block.
Out of this plethora of young people j
comes a story which is more or less erew
| some, according to the degree of credit
which is attacbed to it. It has b?en
averred by Thomas Walker that an at- |
tempt has been made by Billy Watts, the '
! 21-year-old son of William Watt?, to dis
| pose of Georgie Walker, aged seven, in a I
: peculiarly atrocious and blood-curdling i
way. According to this averment, Billy j
Watts tied Georgie Walker's hands behind
him, tied a balerope around his legs,
bound a piece of coarse cloth over his
i mouth for a gag, put him in a flour barrel
and hammered the barrel-head in, all with
the intention of throwing the boy in the
! barrel overboard in the darkness of the
j night, and so murdering the lad.
William Watts puts in an alibi for Billy
I and shows that he was not at home at the
time that Georgie Walker was in a barrel.
Mr. Watts does not deny that Geonjie
was in a barrel, and does not attempt to
mitigate the circumstance that it was a
strong flour barrel, stout of stave and hoop
and new throughout. At about 5 o'clock
1 Monday afternoon Georgie Walker was |
| seen to emerge from a flour barrel in the 1
Watts family yard. This much is admitted, i
Beyond this statement there are no two j
children in the block who agree, so that
the facts in the case are puzzling and con
tradictory. When the alleged barreling
took place there were two children, a boy
and a girl, in the vicinity, and they were
the only spectators. These are members
of the Watts family, and they both
i solemnly assert tnat Georgie Walker got
! into the barrel himself to hide from bis
sister.
Two other children, a boy and a girl,
| little Louis Coutrera«, aged 9, and Caila
Walker, aged 0, Allege that they saw
Georgie WalKer when he was tat en from
the barrel, and that he was gagged and
bound, and that blood oozed from his
mouth. There were no grown persons
who saw the occurrence; and as the chil
dren mentioned tell contradictory stories
on all points, it is difficult to ascertain
whether a tragedy was attempted or ii the
whole affair was a rough joke, or yet a
fabrication pure and simple. When
Georgie Walker returned to his parents he
was not bound. He is not very bright.
He is a SDare, blue-eyed boy, good hu
mored and playful. He says that he was
barreled up and that the head of the barrel
was in, but no one else saw the barrel
headed.
The odd feature of the case is the good
natared way in which all persons con
cerned regard the matter. Mr. Walker
says that there have been little contro
versies among the children and that the
Watts children have threatened to kill his
son Georgie. He never supposed that
they meant it, but he now thinks that they
did. He dirt not appear to be anxious
at all as be said this. Georgie Walker,
notwithstanding the alleged attempt on
his life by Billy Watts proposed yester
day in the presence of a reporter to go
over into the Watts' house once more.
One of the Watts children said naively
yesterday afternoon: "Georgie has not
been over to see me since he got out of the
barrel."
But for the complaint for battery which
Mr. Walker has filed before Judge Joach
imson the case would appear only a child's
story, but Mr. Walker seems to believe the
story fully and to be fully in earnest. The
neighbors are puzzled and so are the
police, because Mr. Walker is a good citi
zen and stands well with his neighbors.
Billy Watt denies that he saw the little
Walker boy Monday.
Father Ferguson on "Current Super
stitions."
A free lecture on "Current Superstitions"
will be delivered under the auspices of the
Young Men's Catholic Union in Metropolitan
Temple on next Friday evening by Rev.
Father James P. Ferguson.
LIGHT WAS THEIR TALK,
Fourth Annual Meeting of the
Pacific Coast Gas Asso
ciation.
They Read Papers and Elected Offi
cers an i Directors to Serve During
the Ensuing Year.
The fourth annual election of officers of I
the Pacific Coast Gas Association was held
yesterday in the offices of the San Fran
cisco Gas Light Company with the follow
ing result: President, T. R. Parker of
Napa; vice-president. F. H. Eichbaum of
San Francisco; secretary and treasurer,
John A. Britton of Oakland; directors —
L. P. St. Clair, Bakerstield ; M. C. Osborne,
Santa Cruz; J. Clement, Red Bluff, and R.
M. Powers, San Diego.
E. C. Jones presided at the meeting and
John A. Britton officiated as secretary.
The meeting will continue for three
days. The major portion of the time was ]
given up yesterday to the reading of pa- :
pers by the members, touching upon ]
topics closely allied with the making of !
gas. I
Those subjects discussed were as follows:
"The Economical Uses of Coal," by John
L. Howard of San Francisco; "The Rela
tive Position of Consolidated Gas and
Electric Light Plants," by M. C. Osborne of
Banta Cruz; "Oil Tar and Its Uses," by J. '
B. Grim wood of H&n Francisco; "Tele
scoping a Single Lift Gas Holder While in
Use," by J. L. Fogg of San Francisco;
"Gas Stoves, 1 ' by D. Decker of Fresno, and
the "Evolution"of the Gas Meter," by
Cnarles H. Dickey of Baltimore, Md.
Among the gas men present were:
EL E. Adams, Stockton ; Charles Adams. Port
land; C. R. Allen, San Francisco; C. E. Bur
rows, Washington; J. A. Britton, Oakland;
A. C«rrigan,t?*n Francises D. J. Coillns, Phila- !
delphU; J. B. Crockett, San Franci.'co; C. M. I
Converse, San Francisco; John Clements, Red
Bluff; Frank a. Cre«sey, Modesto; 8. B. Cush
iug, San Rafael; W. B. Ciine, Los Angeles; W.
M. Dn val, San Francis.*; \V. Dunbar, San
Francisco; t\ H. Eichbaum, San Francisco;
R chard Fenner, Sao Francisco; L. F. Fogg,
San Francisco; c. Froelich, San Francisco; H.
P. Goodman, Napn; R. P. Greer.San Francisco;
O M.Gregory.San Jose; W.M.Uillespie, San Jose; |
J-B.Grim wood, ban Francisco; JohnL.How-i
aro, Pan Fraociaoo; E. C. Jones, San Francisco ; !
J. C. Kanepn, San Rafael ; I>. E. Knight, Marys
vllle; B. A. Kntght, Sau Francisco; George j
Keaton.Gllroy; H. T. Lally, San Francisco; H.
J. Lewelling. St. Helena; C. O. G. Miller, San
Francisco; p. Merer, Livermore; James Mc-
£ e ». Santa Cruz; "a. C. Osborne, Santa Cruz;
T. R Parker, Napa; Thomas D. Petch, Eureka;
R. M. Powers, San Diego; B. U. Steinman,
Sacramento; E. F. Sherman, Portland; L. P.
St. Clair. Bakerafleld; G. H. Taylor, Chico; j
Georpe Thompson, Woodland; A. J. Vander- I
white, San Francisco; G. W. Wilson, Val lei o;
\N. S. Wharton, fairhaven, Wash.
THE GRAND JURY
STANDS FIRM,
Will Search for Proof to
Indict Certain Super
visors.
ADVICE OF LAWYERS.
A Committee Will Confer With
the District Attorney
To-Day.
ALL THE JURORS IN LINE.
Utmost Power Dslegated to the Jury
to Be Exercised in the
Inquiry.
The Grand Jury at a meeting yesterday
afternoon resolved to lay aside all plans
for immediate adjournment and put forth
every effort in its power to expose the in
fluences which brought about the reduc
tion of the personal property assessment
roll by the Board of Supervisors. The
jury is convinced that certain Supervisors
acted as agents of interested corporations
in voting to reduce the assessments of the
Market-street Railway, the Spring Valley
Water Works and San Francisco Gaslight
Company.
The attendance of members at the ses
sion of the jury yesterday was large and
the proceedings were not marred by dis
putes and recriminations. It was stated
by several members that one point on
which the jury had always agreed was the j
principle thai the great corporations
should be compelled to sustain their share
of taxable burdens so that the whole
weight of taxation should not fall on the
merchants and home-owners.
The statement which the jury last week
presented to the Board of Supervisors, in
which it was shown -that there was a de
ficiency of $11,000,000 in the assessment of I
personal property, such as stocks, bonds i
and franchises owned by local corpora
tions, was submitted to the judgment of
all the members and was transmitted to
the board after due deliberation. It rep
resented the facts as the jury had ascer
tained by patient investigation. The con
duct of certain Supervisors in ignoring
this statement, and their further action in
reducing the assessment below the figures
reported by the Assessor, caused profound
deliberation. Individually the members
of the Grand Jury were indignant, but col
lectively they resolved to suppress all j
signs of indignation and proceed to ascer- I
tain what mysterious agency prompted j
the Supervisors to so openly declare them- !
selves the servants of interested corpora
tions.
Ie the determination to search for the
truth the voice of the Grand Jury was
unanimous. The decision to go ahead was
greeted with applause.
The jury had not been in session ten
minutes before Mr. Payne came out and I
called for District Attorney Barnes. It so j
happened that Mr. Barnes could not be '
present yesterday. It was resolved then |
to appoint Theodore F. Payne and Frank |
P. McLennan, the secretary, as a commit- !
tee to see Mr. Barnes to-day and ascertain j
definitely the scope of the Grand Jury's
authority and the character of evidence j
necessary to find indictment or accusation. I
Other counsel may be engaged to assist j
the District Attorney if that course should !
be deemed advisable. Further develop- j
ments in this line may be made at the
conference to-day. To-morrow at 2p. m.
| the Grand Jury will convene to receive
I the reports of the special committee and
discuss the advisability of engaging coun
sel.
The members of the jury refused to di
vulge the details of the discussion. The
foreman, Mr. Maskey, simply said, "We
do not intend to abandon this contest."
The secretary of the Grand Jury when
asked what course would be pursued said :
"You know that the question under con-
I sideration relates to the assessment of
property and the action thereon by the
Supervisors. We have not yet determined
what we shall do a or what we can do, but
we shall not stop'here. This seems at first
iike an impregnable fortress, and we have
not decided yet whether we shall attempt
to take it by storm or undermine it.
Nothing can be done unless we try. *In
the first place we shall lake the advice of
counsel. No, the jury is not divided in
sentiment on this question. Yes, we
considered the danger that the State Board
of Equalization will raise the San Fran
cisco valuation to make good the reduc
tions allowed by the Board of Supervisors.
I shall go with Mr. Payne to-monow to
wait on the District Attorney. We shall
ascertain what power the Grand Jury can
wield."
Alpheus Bull Jr. said: "We purpose to
keep hammering away and to hammer
when the iron is hot. We will see what a
Grand Jury can do."
The estimates for maintaining the mu
nicipal government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1897, which have practi
cally been agreed upon by the Grand
j Jury, may not be transmitted to the
j Board of Supervisors. The work in hand
j will be finished, however, and embodied
; in the final report to Judge Slack.
Yesterday the proposed ellowance of
124,000 a year to janitors of the New City
i Uall called out an earnest protest. It was
j *aid that the protest would not be so
earnest if the building was kept in a state
of cleanliness creditable to the City, but
as a matter of fact it was kept in a
wretchedly filthy condition and was a
disgrace to San Francisco, although a
more than liberal allowance was made to
keep everything in first-class order.
County Clerk Curry did not go before
the Grand Jury yesterday. It is under-
I stood that the communication made to
j that body recently and published in The
' mv to-pat:
L Cheapest, Because ; the Best h
I GAILBORDEN I
I EAGLE BRAND I
t CONDENSED MILK 5
A ■ Bend for that little book, "Infant A
V Health; great value to mothers. Sent W
f»^ '' N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. i
fl 71 Hudson Street, ; , t i » Hew Tasrk L
Call contains in general terms all that he
had to say.
License Collector Lees was the only
witness heard yesterday. He submitted
to the jury facts concerning the work of
his office.
KEPT HER PROPERTY.
Charles Anm*' Method of Reimbursing
Himself for Alleged Damage to
His Carpets.
Louise Schwegler, now living at 1520
Clay street, swore out a search warrant in
Judge Conlan's court yesterday for the
recovery of her gold watch and chain,
which she alleges are in the unlawful pos
session of Charles Arms, tailor, 402 Jones
street. She also swore to a complaint
charging Arms with grand larceny.
The complainan-t says that she roomed
in Arms' house for about a year till June
3, when she was taken sick with typhoid
fever. Detective Anthony beard of her
case and took her to the French Christian
Union and through that society she was
sent to the French Hospital.
She recovered and left the hospital a few
days ago. She went to Arms' house to get
her effects and found that her trunk had
been broken open and her watch and
chain taken. She could get no satisfaction
from Arms and notified Detective
Anthony. Accompanied by Anthony she
returned to Arms' house and Arms ad
mitted taking the watch and chain because
Miss Schwegler's nurse had ruined his
carpets. He refused to fcive up the watch
and chain and referred the detective to
his attorney, John F. Riley, 426 California
street, who had the articles.
Attorney Riley is out of town so the
search warrant and warrant for grand
larceny were procured.
BLACKED HIS BABY'S EYE
Alexander Silva's Alleged
Cruelty to His Wife and
Child.
A Neighbor Scales a High Board
Fence and Gives the Han a
Sound Thrashing.
"Man's inhumanity to man" is a well
worn theme, but when it comes to heart
less cruelty to helpless little ones the most
degraded among human kind usually
shrink from crime so hideous and un
natural.
An exceotlon to this rule is found in the
case of Alexander Silva, a barber liv
ing at 634*4 Broadway. For some time
this man has been in the habit. of beating
and buffeting his eighteen-month old
child, which even now bears in a black
ened and swollen eye the evidences of a
father's brutality. A day or so ago Silva
was indulging in his favorite pastime
when the cries of the tortured child caused
Mrs. tsilva to interfere. The woman is in
an advanced stage of delicate health, but
regardless of her condition her husband
struck her in the face and felled her to the
ground.
Meanwhile the scene of domestic bliss
had been observed by a neighbor, Kltter
man by name, through a crack in the
bonrrt fence. When he saw Mrs. Silva
fall Kitterman. leaped over the high fence
separating his yard from that of the
Silvas, and, casting his jacket aside, pro
ceeded to thrash the innuman husband
and father to the Queen's own taste. Silva
came forth from the fray a very poor sec
ond best, Kitterman returned over the
fence to his own quarters, and Mrs. Silva,
having revived somewnat, proceeded to
dress the baby's wounds as best she could.
Kitterman forthwith reported the case
to the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children. Thus far no arrests
have been made, but the society is keep
ing Silva under rigorous surveillance.
Mrs. Silva has frequently been advised to
report her husband's conduct to the
proper authorities, but has always de
; sisted from doing so through fear of con
sequences. Silva is said to be a good pro
vider, and kind enough withal, save when
he giv.6B way to his ungovernable temper.
MALLON GOT THE PLUM.
| The Contract for the Art Glass for the
City Hall Dome Let.
'The Board of City Hall Commissioners
met yesterday and awarded the contract
' for the art glass for the dome to the Pacific
| American Decorative Company, of which
John Mallon, the veteran decorative glass
man, is the head. The price was $16,560.
The new specifications for the roof,
which call for a cement structure, instead
| ol the slate roof originally intended, were
| accepted. The cement roof will cost about
$50,000 less than the slate roof.
Embezzled the Money.
Mrs. Bertha Steinmiller, 2734 McAllister
J street, swore to a complaint in Judge Joachim-
I sen's court yesterday charging Mrs. Elizabeth
! Kopp with misdemeanor embezzlement. She
; alleges that she had $25 in the hands of At
> torney Loughborough and she gave Mrs. Kopp
I an order to secure the money. Mrs. Kopp ob
tained it and uicd it for her own uses and pur
! poses.
yew to-pat.
TfevT
*4 OF OUR
W& Specialties
*.BKt-i CUT PRICES
Oar Customers. UU I MllUhW
Trasses (all kinds) »1 50
Elastic Stockings. 2 50
Abdominal Supporters 2 60
Obesity Belts. 2 50
Ear Horns :...... ,?1 50, 800
Politzer 8ag5............... 150
Galvanic or Faraalo Batteries...... $5 00 to 825 00
Crutche5............ • • a 50
Rubber and Plaster Bandages ........... All prices
Searby'sßed Pans. $2 25
Shoulder Braces. 75c to 200
Stomach Tubes... $1 00 to 1 50
Ice 8ag5........ .....:..... 25c to 275
Electric Belts $5.00 to $25.00.
Don't pay fancy prices for Electric Beits until
you have seen ours. Our physician gives consul-
tation free. -_,-.;. ■ ■
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
958 3VXa.x-ls.ol Street,
. South side, bet. Fifth and Sixth.
COAL! COAL !
Wellington 910 00
Poutufleld 950 .
Genuine Coos Bay 6 50— Half ton. 350
5eatt1e.::....;......:......... 8 00— Halt ton. 400
8ryant............. 7 00— Half too. 40U
.;: Telephone— .Black— 3s. .
I KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
6*B Howard Street, Near Flrat.
: i^^*iss Belts for $30.
Old-fashioned an;! poorly
i »r^??ScSßis*c7— 7!"^f2 m *' le - c » n *>c had by pay-
| S^7Un©3efll«jit#r h 'K your money to elecirin
| fFpffiz r ±9j& -aaVvS 1 belt 'quacks" and travel-
-1 "*?** Sj^V^"'*''^ '" k "fakers." For a ftrst-
,'%• :'<S3i* '* class article at a reasonable
"SiJJ? price write or call for free
- copy of our new book. uit.
j PIERCE & SON. 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearny,
! Mcond, thira and iourta floors, San 1 rauclaco. '
Is the light that "will brinft a" great big
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak Dody can be made. Hndyan is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. You can get it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Writ*
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator Is the
most wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
has been indorsed by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable. ,
HUDYAN stops . prematureness of the
discharge in twenty days. Cures LOS r
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous t«vitchings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy. : ~%* •,
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Prematureness means impotency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. s Send for circulars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads .of sort)-
producing germs. Then come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth, old sores and
falling nair. You can save a trip to Hot Springs
by writing for "Blood Boole" to the old physicians
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kill* Sta.
• SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
•
You Are Not
lUu niu liul
So inn
OU Ullllu
That yon cannot see
The difference in the prices of
Agate Kitchen Ware.
SPECIAL SALE
Of Famous Peerless Aerate Ware at 60
\ Cents on the Dollar.
4-quart Agate Coffee Pot $ 52
6 quart Copper Bottom Agate Saucepan — 58
4-quart Agate Coffee Biggins.....' 59
14-quart Agate Diahpans..... 69
18-quart Convex Cooking Pots 126
Other Articles in Proportion.
tar RAZORS and SHEARS ground by
skilled mechanics, a specialty.
818-820 MARKET ST
nil f*Q ITCHING PILES
T ILtIOSWAYHE'S
■ ■■■■■^r nitlTMttiT
ABSOLUTELT CUIMS. UiniiilElll
' SYMPTOMS— Moisture Intense Itching and
(tinging; most at night; wont by •awning. If
' allowed to continue tumor* form and protrude,
' 'which often bleed and ulcerate, becoming »rry
■ore. HWAYNK'S OINTMENT Jtop« the Itching
and bleeding, heal* uleermtion. and In bm( ease*
removes the tumor* jouri)racKt>t tor Ik. . -
COSMOPOIjITAN.
Opposite V. a Mint, 100 and 102 FiftH st., -vi
i ranclsco, Cal most select family hot si la
the city. Board and room. $1, $1 25 and $1 5(1 Pec
day according to room. Meals 250. Rooms, Jj
and 75c a day. free coach to and from laa noiai.
.Loo* for the coach bearing the name of the Oar
ttopoutaa iioiai. WM, JfAiiJii.', iToprl«to«.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/-^HABLK3 H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT.
V_' law and Notary Public, 633 Haricot St., oppo-
> site Palace HoteL Telephone 57a Ke*id«no« l&M
Jbellau Telephone; "Pins" '2591.
~ HEALD'S
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST., SAN
JJ. Francisco— Bookkeeping, penmanship, busi-
ness practice, shorthand (Pitman), typewriting,
telegraphy, modern languages, English branches
and everything pertaining to a business education
rapidly taught. Department of Electrical En-
gineering in operation. Individual instruction. 20
teachers. Night sessions, Students can commence
at any time. Thousands of graduates in positions.
Write for catalogue.
THE LYCEUn.
PREPARATORY SCHOOL FOR THE TTNI-
X verslty. Law and Medical Colleges. Admission
on recommendation. Many students have been
successfully prepared at this school. Day and
evening sessions. References, President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building, N'os.
333-335. PROP. L. H. URAU, Prlnsipal, late of
Stanford University. , .
TRISITY SCHOOL (FOILED 1876).
BOAKDIXG AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS
JJ aud young men. Prepares for university and
college. Boarders limited to 35. Accredited
school with, the universities. Easter term opens
Monday, August 8. - . -
REV. DR. E. B. SPALDING. Rector.
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL,
99Q7 SACRAMENTO ST.— BOARD, ENG-
~Z*tJ I Msh. perfect mastery of French and Ger-
man, thorough musical training, dancing; $30 per
month: new term July 13; coach. . ■
MILLS COLLEGE AMD SEMINARY
REOPENS AX/GUST 5. FULL COLLEGIATE.
Xt seminary aud academic courses: unequaled
musical and elocutionary advantages; - terms
moderate. Address MRS. C T. MILLS,
Mill* College P. O. t Cal.
SN ELL SEMINARY,
1 91 Q MADISON ST., OAKLAND: A BOARD.
J-^JLO ins; and Day School for Girls; pupils pre-
pared for college and university; next term ODeus
MONDAY, August 3. 1896.
. ■ ■■■ - MARY E. ELL, Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOR YOUNG
lJ ladies. Primary and Kindergarten for Children.
A Carriage will call. Next session will begin on
Monday, August 8. Address ■ ■ ~ ; •' >
REV. E. B. CHURCH, A.M., 1036 Valencia st.
RADCLIFFE HALL,
APREFAKATO..Y SCHOOL for GIKLS,
For Illustrated Catalogue address
* , MB. ALI'HKCS BULL,
Belmont, California.
MISS HAMLIVS SCHOOL AND VAN NESS
Seminary, a boarding and day school for
girls under the direction of MlssS "SARAH D
HAML IN anil MRS. EDNA S;i ELL PO ULSO V
Fall term opens Wed., Aug. >5. All departments!
I kindergarten to colleue preparatory. Call or writ*
I for particulars. 1849 Jackson st., San Francisco.
ZISK A INSTITUTE. 1606 VAN NESS AYE -
Day. and boarding school tor girls; from pri-
I mary through collegiate department; thorough
course of English. French and German- those
wishing to join the graduating class should ba
, present on day of opening, August 3. ***"
B.ZISKA.A.M.. Principal..LEE YIP DOCK THE
HEAVY VILLAIN,
He Is the Chief Actor in the
Chinatown Trag
edy.
CHINESE TRIUMVIRATE.
All the Trouble Arose on Ac
count of the Two Lee
Factions.
THE STATEMENT OF JOW LOOK.
Three Bah On Tong Hatcbetmen Now
Fnieavoring to Earn More
Blood Mcney.
"Mnrder will out." The truth of this
paying has never been more fully exem
plified than in the case of the murder of
poor Lee Ti, who met his death at the
hand of an assassin while standing in the
doorway of 38 Waverley place.
The facts in the case have at last come ■
to light despite highbinders, influential
merchants and threats of a dire end to
those who dared to breath a word of the
true facts. It is now seen that Lee Ti ;
met his death not because of the See Yup-
Sam Yup feud, but for stronger reasons i
and a personal enmity more deep-seated :
than that between two great organizations
could possibly be. i
Moreover, the fact is made manifest that
others are in danger of meeting the same i
dire end. and all on account of the malevo
lence and overmastering desire of one man
to be the local Chinese Czar. In this wrsh
he was abetted by two others whose names
are intimately commingled with his in the
plan that laid the unsuspecting Lee Ti be
neath tbe sod.
In the first place the companies in
volved are the Kung Chow, the wealthiest
and most influential of the Chinese Six
Companies, and the Bah On Tong, one of j
the highbinder societies which has been
responsible for much of the trouble the
police has had with the Chinese.
Lee Yip Dock is a member of the Kung j
Chow, and the Chinese assert that he is |
also a member of the Bah On Tong. Not
only that, but it is asserted with equal
positiveness that he is the leader, and !
really exercises far more authority than I
the president, who plays the role of figure- 1
head.
Now the Kung Chow is composed of i
four families, known as the Lee, Lum, j
Chin and Wong families. Each of these i
is allowed to name the president in turn.
Before the present ruler. Lee Lun Yung,
occupied the position it was filled by a
member of the Lum family. The last
time the Lee family had the naming of
the president.
The Lee lamily, however, is divided into I
two separate factions — one under the di
rection and governorship of Lee Mcc Toy,
the other under Lee Yip Dock. Lee Mee's
faction numbers about 1000 men, while
Lee Yip's support is limited to only fif- j
teen men. Astounding as it may seem, so
great is Lee Yip's generalship and shrewd
ness that he has managed with the aid of
the Bah On Tong to control nearly every
election occurring in the Kung Chow.
The Kung Chow Company has twelve!
directors, who are supposed to direct the j
policy of the body. The candidate put up !
by Lee Yip, whose name was Lee Lun I
Yuen, was elected as president by this
board, partly on account of Lee Yip's in- I
fluence presumably, partly because he was
regarded as a dangerous man to antago
nize on account of his known affiliation
with the Bah On Tong and partly because
the ex-Chinese Consul, Li Wing Yu, took
a hand and supported him.
Despite the strength of Lee Mcc Toy's |
faction he was entirely unable to with- |
stand the force of this unwarranted inter- *
ference of the Chinese Consul.
The bitterness caused by the election of
Lee Lun Ynen was still further increased
by another incident, which occurred only
two weeks ago.
Then the policeman ot the Knng Chow,
named Chin Look, died under peculiar
ctrcumstarlces. Lee Yip Dock came for
ward with a list of ten names, from which
he wished a new policeman to be chosen.
Every one of the men on the list was a
member of the Bah On Tong.
In accordance with the usual custom
Lee Mcc Toy brought forward the name of
one man, Lin Sum, who was formerly
interpreter for the Chinese Merchants'
Exchange, and very desirable on account
of his good knowledge of English and his
general reputation as a man of trustworthi
ness and integrity.
Lee Yip Dock at once made a great ado
and wanted the matter referred io his old
friend, the Chinese Consul, Li Wing Yu. I
Lee Mcc Toy vigorously objected to any
such proceeding. The matter, he said,
was of small importance, and even if it
were not the Chinese Consul had inter
meddled enough aireaay with their affairs.
In this stand Lee Mcc Toy was actively
re-enforced by all the members of the Lee I
family belonging to the Kung Chow Com
pany, who contended that the Lee family
only had the right to select the successor
of Chin Look.
The disinterestedness of Lee Mcc Toy is '
evident from the fact that Chin Look is
not a member of the Lee family, and
therefore could have been selected only on !
account of his peculiar qualifications.
An active rupture was precipitated by
some members of the Lee family accusing
Lee Mcc Toy of degrading the presidential
chair by favoring the motions of Lee Yip
Dock. The president rose up in his dig
nity and with wrathful mien asserted
that the matter should be referred to the
Consul, Li Wing Yu.
Several members of , the Bah On Tong,
who were present in the interest of Lee
Yip Dock, at once began a quarrel with
the friends of Lee Mcc Toy and ended by
beating several of them, one of whom,
named Lee Yin, was severely injured. It
broke the meeting up without permitting
any decisive measures as to a successor for
Chin Look.
A few days after the occurrence Lee
Gong, a relative of Lee Mcc Toy, met Lee
Yip Dock on Dupont street and asked
him why it was he did not sanctidn the
election of a successor to Chin Look with
out dragging the meddlesome Li Wing Yu
into the matter. Lee Yip's answer was a
torrent of abuse and a heavy blow.
Lee Gong necessarily was obliged to re
train Irom retaliation by the fact of his
abuser's age, gray hairs being an excuse
I for many sins according to the Chinese
I code of honor. To add to Lee Gong's
tribulations, the vindictive old highbinder
had him arrested for battery.
When Lee Mcc Toy and Joe Gar, a
wealthy liquor merchant, whose establish
ment is at 805 Sacramento street, heard of
they went down and bailed Lee Gong out.
Lee Yip's rage on hearing the news is
said to have been fearful. He put the Bah
j On Toner to work, saw the Chinese Consul
ana the twelve directors of the Kung
Chow and got them, in conjunction with
himself and LeeLun Yuen, to expel both
Lee Mcc Toy and Joe Gar from the Kung
Chow Company. They were also inter
dicted by Li Wing Yu, which shut them
off from all intercourse with the Six Com
panies.
The two men at once saw their friends
about the matter and expressed their in
dignation at the high-handed proceedings
of Lee Yip Dock, backed up by Li Wing
Yu, Lee Lun Y r uen and the Bah On Tong
hatchetmen.
When Lee Yip Dock heard of this he
at once issued a proclamation, so the
Chinese merchants assert, stating that $500
would be paid any man killing either Lea
Mcc Toy and Joe Gar, $400 for the death of
Charley Jung, one of their most faithful
friends, and $200 for the death of all the
nearest relatives and friends of any of the
three.
Lee Yip Dock i 3 treasurer of the Kung
Chow and is said to be able to lay hands
on the funds to use them as he pleases.
Lee Ti's death is directly due to the
price being set on the nead of any near
friend of the three men mentioned in the
foregoing. Ock Wah, the alleged mur
derer is not only a member of tne Bah
On Tong, but also of the On Yick Tong
and the Hop Sing Tong, all highbinder
societies.
His record is black as the raven's wing.
The Chinese openly assert that he is
responsible for at least three murders com
mitted in late years.
A Chinese named Jow Yook stood on the
second floor of a building directly ODPOsite
35 Waverley place and peering through
the window saw the assassin get in his
deadly work and Lee Ti drop in the death
agony.
So far he will not state whether it was
Ock Wah or not. This reluctance is due
to his fear of the hatchetmen, bo nobly
controlled by Lee Yip Duck.
Charley Jung, residing at 727 Sacra
mento street, who was reported in a morn
ing paper to have identified Ock Wah as
the slayer, vigorously denies the allega
tion and asserts that he did not see the
shooting at all.
Chinese highbinders are now out search
ing for an opportunity to kill some friend
of Lee Mcc Toy, Joe Gar and Charley
Jung. Joe Gar has two men hired to
protect him in his place of business.
Sergeant Cook and posse were last night
detailed to patrol Chinatown and keep
things as quiet as possible.
The names of three of the highbinders
engaged in seeking blood money are
known. They are Low Kuen, Lin Fook
and Muck Ning. The Chinese hope for no
relief until the triumvirate composed of
Lee Yip Dock, Lee Lun Yuen and Li
Wing Yu is dissolved by some process or
other.
'CANNOT HEAR OR SPEAK,
Strange Effect of a Blow Upon
James Maddens
Head.
He Was Struck With a Billiard Cue,
Causing a Hemorrhage and Tem
porary Paralysis.
James Madden received a blow last
night that has temporarily at leas/ de
prived him of both speech and hearing.
He was playing bagatelle in a saloon at
606 Howard street when he had an alter
cation with John J. Drisooll, the bar
keeper. Driscoll picked up a billiard cue
and struck Madden a blow on the left side
of tbe head knocking him down. He was
in such a dazed condition that Driscoll i
and others, who were ;in the saloon, be- j
came alarmed and sent him to the Receiv- !
ing Hospital in a hack.
Dr. Fitzgibbon found a alight abrasion
on tbe left side of the head, but that was
all. To all questions put by the doctor
and Steward ilogan Madden simply stared .
at them. Finally questions were "written ,
on a piece of paper and Madden wrote that j
he could neither hear nor speak. He wrote
that tbe man who struck him with the cue .
was Driscoll, the barkeeper; that he i
wanted to see his brother Patrick Madden,
who lives at 962 Minna street, and that he
felt great pain on the left side of his head.
Dr. Fitzgibbon says the case is a most
interesting one, ant! he will closely watch
for developments. He thinks the blow
from the cup has caused a hemorrhage and
a clot of blood has formed which is press
ing on the center of speech and also aftect
ing the auditory nerves. If Madden does
not regain his speech by this morning an
operation will probably be performed to !
remove the clot of blood.
The doctor notified the police of Mad
dens condition and Driscoll will likely be
arrested. .
■■•.-•- « , — •
PHOENIX REPUBLICAN CLUB.
A Large Attendance and' a Fine Enter
tainment Last Night.
The regular meeting of the Phoenix Re
publican Club was held last evening at
Scottish Hall. A large crowd was present
and the club is contemplating securing a
larger hall. Many new members signed
the roll, swelling its number to 800. The
club button will be ready for distribution
during the week. '1 he club quartet is
fully organized and will be one of the
features of the coming campaign. The
uniforms for the drill corps have been
ordered.
The club was entertained by Messrs.
Alexander and Burrows with recitations,
and a song by Max Schick and music by
Messrs. , Lewis and Milliard. E. J. Hoi
den, the actor, also entertained the club.
Miss Ella Ellis sans: several sones, accom
panied by Kittie Kirwin. Dan McCarthy,
the actor, sang several songs. Short ad
dresses were made by C. W. Kyle and Mrs.
Add ie L. Bailou. V£?fc£!
■»♦ • • •
A DEPUTY SHERIFFS RAID.
Mrs. Ferry's Story of the Forcible
Seizure of Her Furniture.
Flynn, the money-lender, accompanied
by his bTother and a Deputy Sheriff, yes
terday forcibly entered the residence of
Mrs. Ferry at 1107 Bush street and de
manded possession of the furniture which
had been overlooked on a former visit.
Mrs. Ferry say that Deputy Curley en
tered tbe house with a revolver in his
hand to intimidate her and prevent any
resistance. Mr. Kytko was told to stand
aside, that tbe Sheriff would be respon
sible*. A receipt was given Mrs. Ferry for
the furniture taken from the sickroom of
Mr. Bell and her own rooms, furnished at
his expense.
• — * — •
The Retail Liquor Dealers.
The Pacific Coast Retail Liquor-Dealers' and
Barkeepers' Protective Association met last
night at 539 California street, President James
W. Buchanan in the chair. After a stirring
speech the chairman introduced E. Lauter
bacb, who reported that permanent headquar
ters had been secured, that ways and means
had been devised to carry on the association,
and that in future all of Ua regular meetings
would be advertised in Ins Cam..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1896.
TO ESTABLISH A
PIGEON SERVICE,
The Chamber of Commerce
Is in Favor of the
Project.
REGULAR MEETING HELD
Merchants Wish to Foster Com
mercial Relations With
Japan.
A NAVIGATION SCHOOL WANTED
Board of Education Urged to Incor
porate It as Part of the
School System.
The regular quarterly meetine of the
Chamber of Commerce was held yesterday
afternoon and was well attended, con
sidering the fact that many of the mem
bers are at present away on vacations in
the country. The report of President
Craig, in which he reviewed the various
matters that the board had acted upon
during the past quarter, was read and
formally adopted. He reported that the
membership of tbe chamber had been in
creased and that its finances were in ex
cellent condition.
Memorial resolutions were passed upon
the death of General Dimond and Captain
Josiah N. Knowles!
A communication was ordered sent to
the Board of Education suggesting that
an evening school of navigation be organ
ized as an adjunct to the public school
system. A request that action be taken
toward completing the Postomee, for
which San Franciscans have been waiting
five years, was ordered sent to Secretary
Carlisle at Washington.
The reading of the following report from
the committee on trade with Japan was
One of the Homing Pigeons, Owned by John Filmer, Which Broke the Short-
Distance Kecord for Squabs.
listened to with interest by the members
of the chamber:
San Francisco, July 15, 1896.
To the Member* of the Chamber of Commerce
and Board of Trade of San Francitro. the Manu
facturers'Aitsociction of California atid the Mer
cha lit*' Ax*ociatioH—(iEKTLv:siLS: At a confer
ence of the trustees of the two organizations
first named, held this day, it was decided, if
effective co-operation is assured, to send a
commercial commissioner to Japan for one
year or longer If deemed advantageous.
We suggest that as many subscribers as are
interested subscribe to make up the necessary
amount, estimated at $4000, each contribut
ing a like amount, say 100 subscribers $40
each, or if more subscribers a less amount
each.
A committee selected by them shall make
the appointment, fix compensation and ar
range details. The primary results shall ac
crue to subscribers only, they furnishing sam
ples, price lists and necessary information to
accompany tnem.
The establishment of a sample-room at a
Japanese trade center will be considered. Re
ports from the commissioner sent to the com
mittee to be accessible to all subscribers, but
he may aduress any subscriber as to his par
ticular line of business.
The committee of management will issue all
instructions to the commissioner as to his
location, duties and ilie most approved
method.s of attracting trade.
You are thus invited to join in this effort to
extend and increase your trade in Japan, or
to open it if the field is new to you. Tne plan
commends itself from its economy and prac
ticability. It is suggested entirely in your in
terest, although the subsequent results may
inure to the general advantage of the ocem
commerce of our port.
You are respectfully requested to attend a
meeting of the members oi the organizations
herein named at the Chamber of Commerce
Hall, Merchants' Exchange. California street,
on Thursday, July 30. at 3 p. m., for the pur
pose of organization ana the election of a
committee oi management.
H° pl «. g lh *t you will cordially participate in
this eftort to increase the commerce of San
Francisco, we remain, your obedient servants,
John l. Howard, )
A. L. Scott, S Committee.
William L. Merry,)
A communication was ordered sent to
the Board of Health suggesting that the
local quarantine service remain under
Fedeiaj supervision. The communication
declared that the chamber would deem it
a misfortune if any friction should arise
in regard to the matter between Federal
and State authorities.
A communication was received from Al
bert Carlisle of Berkeley in regard to the
use of carrier-pigeons between this port
and the Farallones and ships outward
bound. Mr. Carlisle offered to supply a
number of trained birds from his "Blue
and Gold" loft in Berkeley, to be taken
out to sea on ships and tugs and sent back
with messages. He also promised in the
event of such a service being established
to promptly communicate by telephone
any messages thus received at Berkeley to
the Merchants' Exchange.
Mr. Carlisle and Local Forecast Official
iiammon addressed the members of the
chamber in regard to the pigeon service.
Mr. Hammon declared that the establish
ment of such a service would be of great
advantage to the local weather bureau, ana
Mr. Carlisle demonstrated the practicabil
ity of the proposed plan. The members
of the chamber seemed greatly interested
in the project and passed unanimously the
following resolutions in regard to the mat
ter:
Resolved, That the trustees of the Chamber of
Commerce be requested to communicate with
the Inspector of the United States Lighthouse
Service, twelfth district, relative to the use of
carrier pigeons for service between Ban Frnn
cisco ami tne FaraHon Islands, also with the
managers of the ocean steamship lines, with
the view of utilizing them on outward-bound
steamships.
Kuolved, That the thanks of the Chamber of
Commerce are hereby extended to Albert
Carlisle, tsq., for his offer of co-operation tn
the practical trial oi this method of com
munication.
William E. Mighell was elected to till
the vacancy in the board of trustees made
by the death of General Dimond. Presi
dent Craig announced that Colonel Bell,
United States Consul at Bidney, would
arrive. on the Monowai about the 30th inst,
and would address the chamber soon aft«r
his arrival on "The Commerce of the Pa
cific." The chamber then adjourned.
FOR THE NEW CHARTER.
The Merchants' Association's Conven
tion Will Be Held on August 12.
The Merchants' Association sent out in
vitations to seventy-five organizations of
San Francisco yesterday to send delegates
to tbe Charter Convention. The invita
tions read as follows:
Gentlemen: Pursuant to the recent call of
the Merchants' Association for a Charter Con
vention, delegates have been already ap
pointed by many progressive organizations of
this City. The first meeting of delegates to
this Charter Couvtiuiou wili be take place at
Kohler & Chase HrII. 'M O'Farrell street, near
Market, on Wednesday evening, August 12, at
8 o'clock.
This convention is in no way connected
with any parly politics. It* entire object is to
secure the adoption of the new charter for
Sun Francisco. Each organization is entitled
to appoint two delegates, and you are cordially
invited to send two representatives to this
Charter Convention. Kindly advise this office
a." soon as Dossible the names and addresses of
the two delegates selected by your organisa
tion, so that due notice of the meeting may be
given to them.
}}y promptly complying with our request
you will help to si-cure for San Francisco this
much-needed organic law. Awaiting your
early reply, we remain sincerely yours,
M X KCH A NTS' Asaoci ATION,
F. W. Dohrmanu, President
J. Richard Freud, Secretary.
OVER A MILE A MINUTE.
John Filmer's Homing Pigeons
Break All Previous
Records.
Birds Are Less Than Four Months Old.
Will Fly From Los Gatos During
"City Guard" Encampment.
John Filmer's homing pigeon loft now
contains two record breakers.
On Sunday the 19th Inst. at 10:10 a. m.
two of his youngest homing pigeons were
flown from a spot four miles south of Red
wood to their loft in this City, making the
loft at 10:43 o'clock. By airline this distance
is fully 35 miles, and the time was a close
thirty-three minutes.
What is most remarkable about this
homing event is the fact that both of these
pigeons were le?? than four mont'is old.
They were first flown from Belmont and
made the distance in about an hour. That
was three days previous to the Redwood
City fly.
John Filmer is still an amateur in the
homing pigeon business, but he has cer
tainly shown considerable tact in raising
them. He aspires to longer distances and
quicjeer time, but it will be hard to beat
the record these two squabs, for they are
not much more, have made — thirty-five
miles in thirty-three minutes. The actual
flying speed was 1866% yards per minute;
the record has never reached that, the best
being at an average of 1767 yar^s per min
ute.
t Kilmer is justly proud of his birds. In
order to train them more thoroughly he
intends to fly them from Los Gatos during
the encampment there of "The Old City
Guard," Company B, First Regiment In
fantry, which begins on Sunday, August
16.
George a. Croley, the well-known bird
fancier and authority on homing pigeons,
says that this is the best he has ever heard
of on the Pacific Coast Fourteen hun
dred yards a minute is excellent time and
the fact that these birds made so much
more was surely due to most favorable
.conditions.. * -
. ..-'*• ' : ' I
THE MECHANICS' FAIR.
Nine-Tenths of the Space for the Fall
Kxpoiltlon Has Already Been
Awarded.
At a meeting of the trustees of the Me
chanics' Institute last night it was re
ported that nine-tenths of the space of the
fall exposition waa already taken and that
the committee on exhibits was anxious to
get in all applications, as the locations for
exhibits would soon be made.
The proposition for awarding the light
ing has been given to the Edison Light
and Power Company, with tne under
standing that they make an exhibit of their
own novel in nature.
Twenty-six new members have joined
since the last meeting. The Fish Com
mission will have nine tanks; three tanks
additional to the original six will be
erected. Besiaes these there will be a
salmon-hatchery and an exhibition of
deep-sea fishes on ice, together with an
exhibition of net-making.
Henry Rochen has interviewed many of
the local art palleries with a view to get
ting a loan exhibit which will contain the
finest pictures ot the City.
Grove P. Ayers was appointed to act
temporarily on the pavilion committee in
the place of Joseph M. Cummings, who
has resigned.
Next Tuesday a special meeting of the
board will be held to consider the matter
of appointing jurors for the exposition.
Phil Sheridan Council.
The entertainment and social which Phil
Sheridan Council No. 72, Y. M. 1., wan to have
given this evening in Mangel's Hall has been
indefinitely postponed on account of the death
of P. F. Bailey, a prominent member of the
council.
THE TEN ARE NAMED,
The Republican County Commit
tee Is Now Doubled in
Size.
A Number of Representative Men Are
Added to tbe Governing Foly
of the Party.
Ten new members were added to the
Republican County Committee at a spe
cial meeting held at the County Commit
tee headquarters last night, and this com
pleted the doubling of the membership of
the committee which waa ordered at the
last regular meeting, eight appointments
having been made at the special meeting
of last week.
The Republicans whom Chairman Man
waring has appointed are exceptionally
representative members* of the party, and
their presence in the governing body of
the local party will accomplish the objects
aimed at in the plan for enlarging the
committee — to make it more representa
tive of the business and oiher interests of
the party, to promote harmony by giving
better representation to various lead- j
ing party elements and to provide
more active party workers for the sub
committees and the various labors of a
long and active campaign.
When the meeting of the committee
wa; called to order last night the mem
bers numbered twenty-six aud, with two
or three exceptions, all were present.
Chairman Manwarinz announced that
the business of the meeting was the ap
pointment and confirmation of the ten '
new members of the committee yet to be
named, and he proceeded to name them
by districts. Each appointee was con
firmed as named, and the appointments
were as follows:
Twenty-eighth District — James H. Daly.
Thirtieth— F. E. Wallace.
Thirty-second — J. Ahem.
Thirty-third— F. J. Conn.
Thirty-sixth— Alonzo Davidson.
Thirty-ninth— Charles Breitenstein.
Fortieth— David Short.
Forty-first— E. J. Casey.
Forty-third — John Luchman.
Forty-fifth — Harry Lewis.
On motion of John T. Dare the finance
committee was ordered increased from
three to eight in membership, and Chair
man Manwaring named the following new
members: John L. Coster, R. Schlueter,
Jesse Marks, F. Hagemann, Harry N. Gray.
Secretary Jackson, chairman ot the com
mittee on club organization, reported that
the committee had recently held a meet
ing at which it had organized, and that
definite action had been deferred until a
meeting to be held this week.
The Republican County Committee as
now constituted is as follows:
Twenty-eighth District — Albert Houston,
James H. Daly.
Twenty-ninih. District— J. N. Browning, F.
Hutßun.
Thirtieth District— Charles Berliner, F. E.
Wallace.
Thirty-first District— Charles H. Clear, Wil
liam Smadeke.
Thirty-second District— R. W. Heilmann, J.
Ahem.
Thirty-third District— Jamei Gateiy, Fred J.
Conn.
Thirty-fourth District— John Jackson (secre
tary), R. Schlueter.
Thirty-fifth District— l. H. Thompson, John
T. Dare.
Thirty-sixth District— Charles W. Manwaring
(chairman), Alonzo Davidson.
Thirty-seventh District— James Aha Watt,
P. E. McCarthy.
Thirty-eighth District— Grove P. Ayes, John
L. K os tor.
Thirty-ninth District— A. A. Lauderback
Charles F. Breitenstein.
Fortieth District— Jesse E. Marks, David
Short.
Forty-first District— C. G. Clinch, E. J. Casey.
Forty-second District— Jokn M. Chretien,
Harry N. Gray (treasurer).
Forty-third D strict— P. J. Walsh, John
Lachman.
Forty-fourth District— G. Bacigalupi, Phil J.
Krausgrlll.
Forty-fifth District— Thomas W. Chandler
Harry Lewis.
JAMES BECOMES GENERAL
Governor Budd Makes a Local
Man Chief of the State
Guard.
The New Officer Has a Naval Record
and Promises a Good Time to
the Boys.
Colonel N. T. James of this City was
yesterday commissioned by Governor
Budd as major-general of the National
Guard of California, to fill the place made
vacant recently by the death of General
W. H. Dimond.
He was summoned to Sacramento Mon
day and the next day was awarded the
honor for which several others were eager
aspirants.
The new chief officer of the State Guard
has a record in the navy. He was ap
pointed midshipman in the United States
navy in April, 1868, by Andrew Johnson.
In 1872 he graduated from the naval
academy at Annapolis, the first Califor*
niau to receive that distinction. He
served with the Asiatic Squadron and was
afterward an officer on the Pacific Mail
steamers.
Subsequently he was on the staff of
General Dan Macanley, commander of the
Indiana Legion, and later served as cap
AUJOR. GENERAL N. T. JAMES,
: HEW TO-PAY-PRY GOODS. _
MIDWEEK BARGAINS
.' • ; PROM OUR
GREAT SACRIFICE^SALE!
ZZZZ^ZZZZ^ZZZZIZIZIIZZIZHIZZIZIIIZZIZZiZZ
As samples. of the DAILY SPECIAL REDUCTIONS that are con-
stantly adding to the. popularity and success of our GREAT JULY
SACRIFICE SALE we present a few of
TO-DAY'S CLEARANCE OFFERINGS !
HANDKERCHIEFS! •
-A.t 3 Cents 3EJ«.clx.
1900 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN HAND-
KERCHIEFS, regular price $1 50 per dozen, will be closed oat at 5c each.
v LADIES' CAPES.
-A-t 31.00.
LADIES' CAPES, made of light tan cloth, prettily braided, ruche neck, lined through-
out with light blue, worth $6, reduced to $1 90' each.
-£Lt 6.190.
LADIES' CAPES, made of tan, black and navy Broadcloth, pointed collar, trimmed
{ with several rows of narrow braid in contrasting shades, ruching of ribbon at neck,
worth $0, reduced to $1 90 each.
At 55X.00.
LADIES' DOUBLE CAPES, made of navy, tan and black Broadcloth, handsomely
braided, rolling collar, worth $6, reduced to $1 90 each.
LADIES KID GLOVES! -t :
-A.* 25 Cexits. ; r .,i-i:;;
LADIES' UNDRESSED KID GLOVES, 8-button length, colors tan and mode (broken
sizes), worth regular $1, will be closed out at 25c a pair.
' <A.t S3 Cents.
LADIES' 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, colors tan and brown, also black, worth regular
$1, will be closed out at 55c a pair.
RIBBONS? "RIBBONS !
.A.t S3 Cents.
3-INCH DOUBLE-FACED SAIIN RIBBON, m dark colors, value 25c, will be closed
out at 5c a yard. ..VV :
CARRIAGE PARASOLS!
-A.* 4O Cents.
! CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in black only, value 75c, will be closed out at 40c.
SCARFS AND WINDSOR TIES !
; -:V< " : j&jt 1O Cents.
! 25 dozen 5x38 ALL-SILK WINDSOR TIES, in dark stripes and figured, regular price
25c, will be closed out at 10c .
J\.t IS Cents. .
150 dozen 6x41 ALL-SILK WINDSOR TIES, in plaids! stripes, figured and Dresden
effects, regular price 35c, will be closed out at 15c. :
-At 15 Cents.
j 175 dozen 7^x47 LADIES' REEFER SCARFS, in opera shades, plaids, stripes and
Dresdens, regular price 50c. will be closed out at 15c.
.A-t 25 Cents.
, 85 dozen 6x45 DE JOINVILLE SCARFS, in Persian, Dresden, light, medium and dark
effects, regular price 75c, will be closed out at 25c. "
NOTE— We mention exact length and width of these goods, so that they may
! stand a more favorable comparison.
SILKS! SILKS! SILKS!
jSbJt 25 Cents a, "3?"«*,xrci..
750 yards 24-INCH FIGURED AND STRIPED EVENING SILKS, regular price $1,
will be closed out at 25c a yard.
/m/w^^ murphy BtnLDiwav /
(/(/ Marto Street corter of Jon. /
O.A.3ST s»xi^aj>a-c»xjsoo-
tain and State quartermaster of the
National Guard of Indiana.
General James is a member of the
United States Naval Institute and of the
Graduates' Association. He was the first
appointee of Governor Budd's staff, hav
ing been chosen January 19, 1895.
"I have not yet made up my mind as to
who the members of my staff will be,"
said General James last night, "and on
them will depend in rrreat measure the
popularity of tbe measures I may intro
duce into the National Guard of Cali
fornia.
"I want to make the National Guard so
that it will be pleasant for the j guard and
satisfactory to the people of the State.
"My idea is to get the guard up so that
it will be second to none in the United
States. Of course I have no particular
plans as yet, as I have had the commis
sion only a few hours."
The. new general received congratula
tory me^stages'last night from Brigadier-
Generals Warfield and Muller of this City
and. congratulations by telegraph from
Brigadier-General .bast at Los Angeles.
■ • — — • — ■ j
One of the wine vaults of the London
docks is seventeen acres in extent.
FIDO ROUTS A BURGLAR,
House-Breaker on Eddy Street
Foiled by a Faithful
Dog.
Daring Attempt to Cut a Way Into
a Saloon in a Prominent
Location.
A burglar, with more than the ordinary
amount of nerve, attempted to break into
the saloon of J. W. Myser, at 33 Eddy
street, during the early morning hours of
yesterday. *
This attempt was all the more daring
when there is taken into consideration the
prominent location of the place and the
frequent travel on that part of Eddy street,
between Powell and Mason. Moreover,
the house is directly opposite the Tivoli,
where a special officer is supposed to be
on duty the whole night, in addition to
the regular patrolman.
The evil intentions of the burglar were
frustrated by the watchfulness of a favor
ite dog, kept by the proprietor of the sa
loon. The dog, on hearing the noise,
commenced to bark. This no doubt fright
ened off tbe burglar. The proprietor dis
covered, on coming down stairs from his
bedroom, that a large pane of glass in one
half of the front door had been broken
into fragments, thereby removing all ob
stacles by which an entry could be made
into the front part of the saloon entrance.
Either the noise of the broken glass or
an attempt to force a wooden partition
out of place had evidently attracted the
attention of the dog. At all events evi
dence of the early morning visit of the
burglar was manifest in the marks of his
handiwork on the glass door. •
The attempted . entry was apparently
made between the hours of 3 and 5 o'clock
in. the t morning, as the saloon was kept
open until the former hour.
Captain Lees was notified and the police
are on the lookout for the would-be thief.
» — ♦ »
A BRYAN AND SEWALL CLUB.
Zta Successful Organization Last Night
in the Twenty-Ninth District. -
The Bryan and Sewall Silver Club of the
Twenty-ninth Assembly District organized
last night and elected the following offi
cers: President, Thomas Sewall; vice
president, George Sullivan; treasurer,
Joseph Strauss; recording secretary, Ed«
ward Murphy; financial secretary, John
Dwyer; executive committee, 8. B. No
lan, J. J. McDonald, J. W. Fitzgerald, S.
Buxton, M. E. Lally.',
- The ' roll was signed by seventy-five
electors, who pledged themselves to sup
port the Democratic Presidential nomi
nees and Hon. James G. Maguire, the can
didate * for i Congress % from the ; Fourtn
District. Addresses were made by Messrs,
Nolan, Laliy, Fitzgerald and Strauss. ■
—^—
, Only one person in 10,000 lives to be m
1 centenarian. .
910
GRAVED DEATH
FOR A TEACHER,
Schoolboys From the Aid
Society Work Like
Heroes.
PUT OUT A FOREST TIRE.
Superintendent Smiley Caught in
the Flames, but They
Rescued Him.
SAVED VALUABLE PROPERTY.
The Lads Worked for Eleven Hours
at a Stretch and Never Once
Flinched.
Arthur G. Smiley, superintendent of the
Boys' and Girls' Aid Society, is proud of
his trust. The lads under his care have
shown themselves to be little heroes in
Boys From the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society Patting Out a Forest Fire Near
Cazadero. Their Teacher Was Surrounded by Flames, but the Youngsters
Fought Their Way to Him and Cleared a I athway With Their Wet Sacks.
They Worked Incessantly for fcleven Hours and Never Once Flinched.
the hour of danger, and now the campers
around Cazadero cannot say too much in
their praise.
Unaided, the boys put out a forest fire,
and without a thought of their own peril
rushed through the flames that sur
rounded their master and carried him to a
place of safety. From 2p. m. until la. m.
they worked unceasingly, and saved thou
sands of dollars' worth of property be
longing to the Duncan Mills' Redwood
Company and the Montgomery estate.
After the fire was put out some of the
giant redwoods burned for three days, but
the boyß kept watch and ward over them,
in order to prevent another outbreak.
About three weeks ago Superintendent
Smiley started from San Francisco with
over 100 boys for the annual outing. They
pitched their tents in Elim Grove, near
Cazadero, and settled down to a month of
genuine outdoor enjoyment. Certain
rules were laid down and they were obeyed
in every instance. On the 15th in«t. Mr.
Smiley left the camp in charge of his
deputies and started ior San Francisco.
He transacted his business here and
started back for Cazadero. On his arrival
the fire was in progress and no one seemed
to know what to do. The flames were
running through the undergrowth like
wildfire and the camp was threatened.
It did not take Superintendent Bmiley
long to get the boys to wok, and work they
did. They grabbed up the sacks in which
they had brought up their clothes and I
wetting them in the creek began to thrash j
out the fire. A string of lads passed tbe
bags to and from tbe water, and so from
hour to hour the fight went on.
Mr. Smiley was here, there and every
where, directing the work, but once he ebt
too far, and in a moment he was in a circle
of flame. The boys saw his danger, and in
a moment there was a rush from all direc
tions, and a pathway through the flames
was beaten clear for the superintendent.
It was several minutes before he recov
ered, and then after a glass of water he
went at it again and cheered on the boys
to further exertion by his example.
Niar to where the fire broke out there
was an enormous quantity of tanbark
stored. This the boys determined to save,
and finally, alter eleven hours of contmu- j
Otis work, they succeeded, it was a job
that would have tired out the most expert
fireman in San Francisco. So it is no
wonder the/ boys slept late and long the
next day. TOuruit' the battle every one of
them caught poison oak, and Superinten
dent Smiley is now doctoring them for the
troublesome compinint.
George M. S. Dryiien, wharfinger at
Main-street wharf, spent two weeks
among the redwoods near Cazadero and
\va- at Elm Grove when the society boys
were putting out the fire. "I never saw
bravei lmle fellows in all my life," said
he yesterday. "Why, when they made
that rusu through the Hames "to save
their master it seemed to me as if the j
charge of the Light Brigade wasn't in it
with them. Not one flinched and it seemed
to me as ii it was a question as to which
boy could get nearest to the flames and j
not get actually roasted. They must have '
saved at least $40,000 worth of property !
and all mat Mr. Smiley had io say was, ,
'We were afraid they might, say it was the i
boys who set it ahre. In any e*ent we
couldn't have done less than we did.'
"I never saw boys as fond of their mas- j
ter as those boys are- He has his own ,
two sons with him, and I defy anybody to J |
show one particle of difference between ]
his treatment of his own fl-sh an blood
ami the wai.s and stray- committed to his
charge. 1 never in ail my life saw a better i
object lesson than those motherless and 1 1
fatherless children braving the flames to
save their teacher.
"When the fire was out and all danger
was over they went to work and removed
all the burning logs from the railroad
track and thus prevented a probable dis
aster. Afler that they went to sleep ana
slept the sleep of exhaustion."
THE TOLAND WILL CONTEST.
Answer of the Legatees to the Opposi
tion of William Gridley To". and-
The answer of E. B. Mastick, William
D. Carney, Clara A. Brookings, Julia F.
Garliam, Osgood H. Carney, Q. H. Morri
son, May J. Earl, John W. C. Morrison,
the San Francisco Art Association, Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art, the rector,
wardens and vestry of Grace Church, and
Hugo H. Toland to the opposition of Wil
liam Gridley Toland to the probate of the
will of Mary B. Toland, as filed yester
day.
The answer denies that Mary B. Toland
died interstate, end the contestant's claim,
as the son of Charles Gridley Toland, is
disputed, except as to $2000. In fact, the
entire contents of the opposition filed are
denied, including the averments as to the
sanity of tbe testatrix.
For a further and separate answer to the
opposition, it is urged that after the de
murrer to the original contest was sus
tained on May 29, 1896, the contestants
were given time to amend their opposi
tion, which lime was on several occasions
extended up to June 19, 1896, but no fur
ther; and that the contestants did not
amend their opposition before that time.
It is therefore prayed that the docu
ment hied by Hugo U. Toland as the last
will and testament of Mary 8. Toiaud be
admitted to probate.
Th*> Divorce Court.
Alfred R. Sheriff wi»s yesterday granted a
divorce from Harriet A. Sberiff because of the
latter's desertion.
HOME INDUSTRY CAUSE,
Julian Sonntag President of
the Manufacturers'
Association.
The Code Commissioners to Be Asked
to Alter the L:w Aff cting
Drummers' Licenses.
The directors of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association met yesterday.
The rules of the association were sus
pended in order to accept the resignation
of Horace Davis, the president. Mr. Davis
stated that his private business prevents
him from fulfilling his obiigatious to the
oreamzation, particularly in the capacity
of its president.
Julian Sonntag was elected as a member
of the board of directors, and immediately
after was elected to the presidency of the
association.
Manager Tacy made a report upon the
progress of the coming home industry
fair, which will open in September under
the management of the Mechanics' Insti
j tute and the Manufacturers' and Fro
] ducers' Association. He urged that the
j latter body have a special booth where in
formation concerning home products could
be obtained, and where pledges to patron
ize only home manufacturers could be
registered. He was instructed to make ar
rangements for Buch a booth.
Mr. Tacy suggested that the trademark
be changed, and he submitted a design ob
long in shape with the word "California"
and the letters "H. I." for home industry
in the center. His idea was that the pres
ent trademark, while vtry pretty on
paper, would blur if stamped or stenciled
on wood or gunny sacks. The directors de
cided not to make any change at present.
A subject that nas caused the manufac
turers considerable annoyance was brought
tip and (li-scussed by Mr.'Keller. In many
I of the interior towns a special tax or
license is levied upon all traveling sales
men from local houses, but the drummers
from abroad are exempt by United States
laws, which prohibit special legislation
against coods from o*her States or inter
feres with the sale thereof. Mr. Keller
introduced the following resolution, which
was adopted, and the secretary was in
structed to present the matter to the Code
Commission:
Whereas, The attention of this board has
been called to the fact that in many cities of
the State of California a license is required
from commercial travelers from other cities of
the Sate; and, whereas, the taxing ol such
licensj- against said, traveling nalfsmen works
an unjust di-critnination against the traveling
salesmen of this State who may be selling Ca'i
fornia-manufactured goods and In tavor ot the
traveling salesmen of other States, arid even of
those of this State who are selling Eastern or
foreign-made articles, though delivered from
California agencies, as the two latter classes
are noi subjected to such taxation; and,
whereas, it is the sense of this board that an
act should be passed by the Legislature of the
State of California pronibi ting the levyniK of
the aforesaid unjust license; be it therefore
Resolved. That this association, through its
proper officials, request the Commission for
thi- Correction and Revision of the Laws of
tliis <*tate to include in its report to the Legis
lature su<h legislation as may be necessary to
remedy the above state of affairs.
• — ♦ — •
Cold meats require a longer time to
digest than warm meats and are not so
satisfying to the appetite.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1896.
WILL ORGANIZE
TO BOOM M'KINLEY
Big Central Club Started
at the Union
League.
PURE POLITICS ONLY.
First Step Taken in the Forma
tion of a Powerful
Body.
LAID OTJT ON BROAD LINES.
A Cub Whose Members Are Not
Working for Spoils, but
for McKinley.
At the Union League Club rooms in the
Palace last night a large number of the
foremost business and professional men
of the City, all staunch Republicans, met
to arrange plans for the organization of a
general Republican League to work for the
success of the Republican party which will
not interfere with local affairs and be non
antagonistic to the several local cluba al
ready organized.
Dan T. Cole acted as temporary chair
man.
A communication was read from Arthur
W. Kinney of Los Ancreles, president of
the California State Republican League,
outlining the plans of that organization.
Colonel Stone was of the opinion that
an organization should be formed to
affiliate with the National League.
"If tkis is to be a league club," said
Tirey L. Ford, "it must be organized
along league lines. If a campaign club, it
must be made such that it will aid the
National fight. 1 Delieve such an
organization is needed in this City.
There should be some great
central organization which will aid
in securing the McKinley election. I be
lieve this City will go Republican. There
is no question about this whatever, and if
we can form a club made up from all the
walks of life, of men of uprightness, and
not men seeking for office, it will
prove a great weight in determining
the next President. If the league club is
formed on these lines I am sure it will be
a great success."
Thomas H. Rush, prominent in organiz
ing the present movement, read a long list
of names of business and professional men
eager to join the proposed organization.
Among th m are:
Judge J. A. Warm ire, James H. Gatet. J. H.
Sooer, B. Cromweil, Eugene F. Best, Colonel
Charles Sonntag, A. E. Castle, Dan T. Cole;
T. C. Masteller, department commander
G. A. B. ; G. C. Groezlnger; W. H. Pratt,
ex-Surveyor-General; C. \V. Kyle, \V. \V. Mo
Keill, John F. Ulhorn, George C. Bome
inann, \V. H. Cameron, E. P. Gates, C. H.
Hanmet, L'.ucoln Sonntag, \V. E. Palmer
Theodore V. Brown, Major D. E. Miles. P. J
j Walsh, Charles F. Wnymire. J. A. Block, Frank
j Elliot Myers, D. W. McNeill. A. Raphael, W. H.
Richard, A. H. Quatman, J. E, Simon, \V. W
Bailsman, H. C. noger, T. H. Rush, Jerome
Deafiy, John F. Sheehsn Jr., Q. p. Kinkatd, P
J. Crimmins, YV. W. Montague, Major Charles
Boston, Benning Wentworth.T. L. ford. Judge
Dibble.
It was decided to appoint a committee
to determine on a plan of organiza: ion
Sho Nemoto, the Specinl Government Emissary From Japan, to Whom San Diego
Wm Extend the "Glad Hand."
for a Republican club that will not be an
tagonistic to any local issues. The follow
ing gentlemen were appoinied by the
chairman: Colonel Stone, Tirey L.Ford
Judee Dibble. T. C. Masteller and Thomas
H Rush.
This committee will meet on Sunday
afternoon and ascertain the details more
fully as to what is required in the forma
tion of the club, and will report their
views on Wednesday night a week tunce
to the large gathering of Republicans that
will convene in the Union League rooms
to complete the organization of the pro
posed club.
The following letter was sent to Presi
dent Kinney of the State League:
At a meeting of representative Republicans
held in the Union League Club roomi this
evening a committee was appointed to formu
late the j)l an for a large central chib in this
City. We would like all Information and data
concerning the organization of the league
clubs which you might be ab e to cive u», no
that we may submit a proposition to an ad
journed meeting which will be held within a
:ew days with a view to making our organ
ization & National League Club.
Colonel Stone said: "All the clubs so
far formed are for local control. We want
a far-reaching National clvb — a club
whose members are not working for spoils
but for McKinley ; a club that will conduct
a vigorous and successful campaign."
Swallowed /Arsenic.
Holm M. Cox, a miner about 60 yean of age
living at 2226 Howard street, swallowed a dose
of arsenic last night. He was taken to the
Receiving Hospital and Dr. Fitzgibbon suc
cessfully aUmiuifcteied the usual remedies.
Cox s wife and child have been in the country
lor a few days and he has availed himself of
the opportunity to dally with the flowing bowl
which destroyed his appetite. He had not
f»'f n anything for two days and In a flt of the
•blues he swallowed ihe poison.
THE LABOR UNIONS.
Woodworker* 1 avor Recognizing the
Shiuglerg' Body— Tbe harb«ra.
The Woodworkers' Union met last even
ing and instructed its delegates. to the
Building Trades Council to vote for the
admission of the delegates of the Shinglers'
Union into the council. A report was re
ceived that the new mill at 568 Brannan
street is compelling its workmen to labor
ten hours instead of nine. The attention
of the Building Trades Council will be
called to the matter with the view of mak
in M * fi i§ ht for a reduction of hours in the
mill. The union indorsed the American
a eberation of Labor in its boycott on the
product of Kreos, Wertheim & Bhiffer's
?lga v fa ,?, tor y of New York - At the bi X fire
in the West Coast furtiture factory many
of the workmen lost their tools. The in
surance feature of the union last night
paid toese men $247 on the policies they
held.
The Journeymen Barbers' Union last
evening started in its crusade against
keeping the shops open after 8 o'clock at
night, and a strong committee was ap
appointed to aeitate the question. Already
many of the bosses have agreed to close at
8 and are urging their men to join the
union. C. H. Spencer was appointed to
represent the union at the National Con
vention of Barbers, which will take place
in Minneapolis in October. The union
resolved to renew its fight against 5-cent
sh«ps, coilegp barbers and female barbers.
After the regular business was over'the
members spent the rest of the evening in
a sort of hign jinks, in which songs, reci
tations and refreshments formed the prin
cipal features.
NEMOT O STARTS SOUTH,
He Takes San Diego's Reported
Laod Bonus With a
Grain of Sait
Was an Oakland Schoolboy and Grad
uatfd From the University
of Vermont.
San Diego is waiting to welcome tbe
man whose leport to the Japanese Govern
ment may result in great commercial ad
vantage to that city.
Sho Nemoto. the special commissioner
sent by the Japanese Government to study
the commercial prospects of the Pacific
Coast of Mexico, Central America and
South America, will start from here this
morning for San Diego in company with
T. Kusafeado, who arrived with him Sun
day from Japan and whose mission is to
consummate the purchase from the Mexi
can Government of 300.C00 acres of land
in the 9tate of Chapas for the Japanese
Colonization Society.
As stated lo The Call last Monday Mr.
Nemoto's investigations, while primarily
to learn commercial prospects and report
them to his Government, are ultimately
of much importance in connection with
several prospective steamship lines
that are to branch out from Japan
and touch at many ports to the south of
here. One of the lines may make San
Diego a terminus, in order to ga'her from
tnat port a large amount of goods brought
by rail directly from the East for the Jap
anese markets, notably cotton, kerosene
and machinery.
Mr. Nemott) returned to tbe Occidental
last night Irom a visit to San Jose.
"What do think," hf wan asked, "of
San Diego's offer of a bits subsidy of land
to tbe Japanese steamship line that shall
touch at that port?"
"Will give a tract of land? Yes, that's,
what I hear, but i take some things with
a grain of salt," replied the shrewd little
com niissi oner.
"I came to this country first," he said,
in reply to a question, "in '79, am! at first
studied in the public schools of Oakland.
In '85 I was graduated from Hopkins'
Academy near Oakland. Then I went
East and entered the University of Ver
mont, from which I was ertwiuated in '89.
"I afterward went to Europe, on my
way home, and saw the Paris Exposition,
and visited Berlin, Rome, EgyDtand India.
"In 1893 I was appointed Commissioner
of the Mexican colonization investigation,
and I went to the fair at Chicaeo. On
nay return to Japan in March, 1894. I was
appointed by tlie Government to investi
gate the products and the climate of Sao I
Paulo, Brazil; the West Indies and Cen- j
tral America. Sao Paulo is a very good I
country— more like California than any of
the other Spanish countries.
"After spending a day and a half in San
DKgo we wiil go to Mexico. We shall be
there two months and about two months
on the coast of Central America and
boutii America. I am coming back here
in November, as I want to get back home
this year.
"Mr. Knsakado, who is traveling with
me to see about the purchase of 3tX),000
•icres from the Mexican Government, is a
graduate of the Imperial Agricultural
college; finished last year and has oeen
teaching school. He knows ihe science of
the soil, and so he was asked by the col
onization company to investigate thi«
tract in Mexico. He is a very good man. I
"After all I have seen I think California
has tue best climate to live in."
JIMENEZ SCORES A
BLOODLESS VICTORY
The Charge of Assault
Against Him Dis
missed.
EZETA WISHED IT DONE.
Says He Has No Animosity and
Does Not Expect Further
Trouble.
HIS HONOR'S SEARCH FOR GUNS
Judge Campbell Takes Precautions
Against an Outbreak Before
the Judicial Presence.
Ezeta has offered the pipe of peace to
Judge Campbell and Pedro Jimenez, and
the prosecution of the fiery Spaniard
whose weapons of warfare included re-
Paul Jimenez, Who Spat at Carlos Ezeta, ex-Prcs.dent of Salvador
volvers and saliva has lapsed. The prose
cution, both special and regular, moved
to dismiss tbe charge of assault with a
deadly weapon against Jimenez, and in
accordance with this motion Judge Camp
bell struck the case from his calendar.
It was expected that the narrow con
fines of Judge Campbell's courtroom would
before evening btcume the scene of more
Salvadoran trouble, more revolver drawing
and Spanish expletives, but Judge Camp
bell removed all possibility of the pres
ence of artillery by having Jimenez
searched before tue case was called.
Ezeta was not there. Instead his attor
ney, R. E. Ragland, came with a motion to
dismiss all charges on the ground of the
youth and inexperience of the defendant.
Jimenez was present, surrounded by a
goodly number of witnesses and with
Judge Sullivan to represent him. He was
eager for an investigation. He wanted
his Honor to delve deep into the muddle
of Spanish and English, the drawing of
pistols, the spitting in faces and the whole
Salvadoran trouble, but his Honor waxed
wise in his day and proposed to simplify
matters by granting the motion of the
prosecution and dismissing the case.
No sooner had the case b_en calied than
Mr. Ragland proffered iorgiveness on the
part of fhe general and moved to dismiss.
He had consulted Mr. Forbes, the prose
cuting attorney, he said, and that official
had agreed that the charge of assault with
a deadly weapon should be dismissed.
He said Ezeta had no animosity against
Jimenez. Jimenez, he said, might have
had some imaginary wrongs; he might
have thought that Ezeta had harmed him,
but Ezeta was willing to overlook that,
and he would not prosecute his assailant.
He was willing to pardon Jimenez so far
as he was concerned. He felt he was safe
from any further attack.
But Judge Sullivan aid not see it in that
light. Judge Sullivan said he had the de
fendant and all his witnesses present, all
realy and willing to testify, and he
wanted a full investigation. He said he
couid prove that when Jimenezfdrew his
pistol it was only after he had finished his
salivary assault, and because he was
afrai<l Ezeta might come into battery and
turn loose a few budets himself. That
Jimenez was justified in his assault Judge
Sullivan offered to prove beyond douot,
but any way he wanted to know who
wanted this matter dismissed— whether it
was Mr. Ragland, special prosecuting
counsel, or Mr. Forbes, the reeular official.
Here Judge Campbell took a hand and
said that Mr. Ragland had consulted with
Mr. Forbes and it was with Forbes' con
sent that the motion was made.
Once more Judge Sullivan addressed the
court. He said Jimenez was satisfied.
He had had his revenge, and he wanted
nothing more than to vindicate himself
He bad witnesses galore and he would
like to have them heard— he would like to
prove everything, but Judge Campbell
was not to be roped into any controversy,
so he ordered the case dismissed.
Jimenez was not allowed to go without
a little counsel. He was told by the court
that, while he might draw pistols and
spit in all the faces in San Salvador, still
it was not recognized as a legitimate
pastime here and the sooner the defendant
recognized that fact the better. His
Honor said he would have no more of it—
a statement which remains to be verified.
Robbery Charge Dismissed.
The charge of robbery against G. A. Donahue
and Joseph Twyett was dismissed by Judge
Low yesterday. The evidence Bhowed that
John Smith, the complaining witness, bad
been acting indecently in Tracey's saloon on
Eighth street, which led Donahue and Twyett
to take him to the City Prison. Smith tiad
given Twyett his nickel watch and cigar-cut
ter, but he was so drunic that he forgot all
about v.
A NEW CAR-FENDER.
An Invention by N\ D. Sickels That Is
Very Ingeniona.
N. D. Sickels of this City has recently
invented and patented a streetcar fender.
It has been pronounced by several railroad
men and master mecliauics to be of great
merit. Its construction and action is by
means of coil-springs carried in pipes
about six or eight inches from the pave
ment and the car track. These springs are
kept constantly compressed, with a pres- j
sure toward the front against a trigger
board, which is carrit?d about one foot in
advance and covet&.the entire front of the
car to a height of aDout four feet.
This trigger is very simply arranged, so
that if pressed against by even a small child
it automatically tips buck and forms a
flexible bed for the victim to strike against
and at same time loosens the catch
which holds the coil spring back, so that
the body shoots down to the track and out
ward, carrying a strong canvas apron.
This fully covers the track and pavement
for a least six feet in front of the cur.
The action of throwing tue apron out is
so quick that a person's feet are
knocked from tinder by a soft rubber hose
and the apron is stretched ready to catch
and carry the body along until the car
can bf stopped. Inasmuch as this device
is attaoLed to the immediate front and
under the steps outside of the wheels it
does pot interfere with the machinery or
running gear and so can be easily put on
any car. It has the advantage of working
automatically, and still can be sprung or
controlled by a slignt touch of a string by
the motorman. It is arranged so as not
to work when coming in contact with
j vehicles.
INDEPENDENT TICKET WON
1
Result of the Election in the
San Francisco Produce
, Exchange.
The election of officers of the San Fran
cisco Produce Excnansre, held yesterday
afternoon at the exchange building, re
sulted in the election of the independent
ticket by a considerable majority. Much
interest was manifested in the result, as
it was doubtful whether the regulars or
independents would elect their men.
A Gerberding was elected president by a
majority of fifteen votes over George P.
Morrow. H. Eppinger and James Kogg,
being the only candidates for vice-presi
dent and treasurer respectively, were
elected by unani mous vote.
The vote for directors resulted in the
election of Messrs. Rosenberg, Mayhew,
Moseley, tveyser, .An«pacber and Ellis,
by the ioHowiiic vote: Joseph Rosenberg
MS, Paul Kryser 111, H. A. May hew 96, i
P. Anspacber 90, A. S. Moseley 90, Henry
Ellis 89, Harvey C. Somers 77, Simon
Newman 70, A. PalLes 63, W. H. Wright
60. W. B. Chapman 55, scattering 1.
The vote for members of the committee !
on appeals stood as follows: R. B. For
man 156, John R. Cross 155. E. W. Fergu- :
son !)7, A. Schwabacher93, S. Sweet 84. H.
Dutard 93. E. C. Evans 70 and A. Gerb. rd
ing 62. Messrs. Forman, Cross. Ferguson,
Schwubacher and Sweet were accordinely
declared elected.
raw to-day:
THE OWL
f THE OWL ;
DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
DRUGGISTS.
DO, YOU WEAR A TRUSS?
DO YOU "WANT COMFORT ?
■We employ aa'experl •.'^»^^-
enced operator In our . :^T
Trua-< and Surgical De- ff
pi.rtment. Tv fl
• Private apartment B ' H t\
with lady attendant for B " ■ - Ik' '
ladies and children. fel CL I
We lit Trusses with a M iy\ 1
Gruarantee to give per- lj. MSu\ 3
feet ' satisfaction or vkSr?£"\\
money returned. BSiSsA 4K||S3k
TRUSSES - ;^®r ' f|P
upward, m m S
Hpadouartvis for 7*§SB
Silk EtHßtin no*., \jfts9r Ng*^
and Belts, Shoulder irJl S
Braces, Rubber " OF M
Goods, Etc. • fip m
* Send ~ for 10Q-n B ira M Mr ■'• ■
Catalogue, mailed free M . AT -
Including Truss 'Price m. AT
i-»18U
1128 Market St.. San Francisco.
Teutli and Broadway, Oakland. .
320 South Spring St., Los Angeles.
it NEW - to-pat: - ~
FOR
Staying Power
Strength for
Exertion
in Training, and in all important
Games and Races, the Athletes of
Yale, Cornell, the University of
Pennsylvania, etc., depend upontha
great African tonic-stimulant
Vino-Kolafra
V lI IU IVUIdil ct
In cases of Tardy Convalescence,
Debility, Muscular Weakness, Men-
tal Depression, Anaemia, Nervous
Dyspepsia, functional > Heart Affec-
tions, Melancholia, Asthma, and the
coldness and feebleness of Age, this
preparation has proved itself to be a »
tonic, invigorant, vitalizer and
strengthener of the highest efficacy,,
. and adapted for the use of
In \73 I i H Q of an y a s e
11 V CtHvIO or condition.
Its action is pervading and sustaining, and
followed by no bad effect. Giving strength
to the strong it gives greater proportion-
ate strength to the weak.
Sold by Druggists generally.
Brunswick Pharmacal Co.
Jornson A Johnson. Selling Agents.
93 William St., New York,
'"stop THAT hawk-'
ing and spitting! Maybe you like it — but
do others?
Same old story: "Can't get rid of it
Tried all sorts of remedies; also a doctor.
Not worthwhile spending money for, any-
way." • " : ■■ ■
You'll hawk and spit, then, and make a
nuisance of yourself? An! you'll let th«
trouble spread, if it will; affecting and de-
stroying your hearing, perhaps; impair-
ing your sight ; or, dropping down, causing
bronchitis and consumption? .
Don't hawk and SDit your life awayi
See the "great catarrh specialist, Dr.
Sweanv. Make' life more pleasant fox
yourself and others.
You can be treated by correspondence. '
The poor treated FREE Friday after*
noons.
Office hours: 9-12, 2-5, 7-8 Sundays 10-12,
Address
F. L. oWEANY, M. 0., San Francisco.
SPECIAL SALE
RexeuaY
BRUSSELS CARPET
LAID l7Pp A
LINED,/ (Jlj YARD.
4 Rooms Furniture, solid oak, $75.
SHIREK & SHIREK,
HOI FURNISHERS,
747 Market Street. Opposite Grant At«,
- ■ Tkuphoxk 5891. • .
IS THE VERY' BK=iT O.VB TO JfiXAMITB
X your eyes and fit tnena to Spectacles and Ey»!
glasses with instruments o» hi* own lDvaaUotu
wltosecoperiority has not been equaled. .*• -.^g
MMIiM been due to lite menu ot bu wort
Office Hours— XJxo 4.i\ it.
The
Subscription List
Of the
Weekly : Call
Has
More Than Doubled
Within the Past Year.
•' ■::■.•.
P<"Mche»t*r. Easlteh Diumanii Brand.
Chletie.Ur. EasUsk Diamcnd Krand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<S»"tV Original *nd Only 6enu!n». A
/~lt rTi.v\ •*< r e. *lw«yi reUkblt. , ladies uk jfi\
jCilZl^yNlra. D f«««i»* for ChicHttter't English X»ic-AgV\
frSjO^ftQyiiond ilrand in Ke«l »nd Gold nctt!'.lc\\jßr
* 4& — ~T>K-53b«xet. Ktajed with blat ribbon. Take
I*l **4 V&Xno other. Rtfiue dangerous tubalip*. V
I / "" lions and imitation*. At Droi<*i«ti. or -mi 4a.
I J» •. : . /A in stamp) for particulars. . tMtimoaiiU and
V** 99 "Relief for Ladfc*." in Utter, ,r retura -
— V __&■ MuU. 111,000 T«.tittooinl.. Saint Paper.
«< M Xa -f Loo.t Dr.mUU.
Weak Men and Women
QHODLD USE UAJIIAJiA lSlTTJuttd, XJti^
O great Mexican Remedy ; «i v«4 Wwitk »*4
StmaKitt tv Ui» sjexu*! Or»*u* - -CAME TO ADMIRE,
BUT NOT TO BID.
Unsuccessful Sale of Seats
for the Carnival
Benefit.
BOXES NOT IN DEMAND.
Maxine Elliott's Bewitching
Smiles Fail to Move
the Crowd.
COLONEL O'BYBNE'S VAIN PLEA
An Impassioned but Unavailing Ap
peal to the Chivalry of the
Crowd.
The announcement that Miss Maxine
Elliott would act as auctioneer at the sale
of seats yesterday for the benefit perform
ance to be given at the Columbia Theater
MAXINE ELLIOTT IN THE ROLE OF AUCTIONEER AT THE MERCHANTS* EXCHANGE.
this evening in aid of the Golden Gate
Carnival fund attracted a Crowd of curi
osity seekers to the Merchants' Exchange.
Long before the bidding was started an
expectant throng jostled and tip-toed to
catch a glimpse of the dashing brunette
who was to knock the seats and boxes
flown tojthe expected bidders.
Inside the partition rail in the corner of
the hall quite a little group of theatrical
people had gathered. Manager Fried
lander of the Columbia bustled ai>out an
swering questions and giving directions,
and for a short time Frederick Warde anrt
L. R. Stockwell stopped to watch the sale.
Miss Maxine Elliott, the heroine of the
occasion, basked with her sister Gertrude
in the genial sunshine of Colonel
O "Byrne's gailant smiles.
When Miss Elliott had mounted a chair
and coquettisnly called for bids it was
evident that the crowd had come to ad
mire, but hot to buy. Box A went quicKly
to Hugo D. Keil of Goldberg, Bowen &
Co. for $25, and box B was knocked down
to J. P. L« Count for $20.
Then the bidding btopped. The fair
auctioneer inquired vainly for "what am 1
offered?" In the halls of 'Change she
experienced what divers of her histrionic
predecessors bad experienced behind the
lootlights in this City — "a dead cold
frost. Not a bid could ahe get for box C,
the next on the list.
This was more than the chivalrous
Colonel O'Byrne could stand. "I am sur
pri»ed," he declared, 'that you gentlemen
do not Did up. The cause which this sale
is to aid is certainly one that sbould enlist
your support, and besides we have brought
one of the most beautiful women in the
land to act as the fair auctioneer, and yet
you are not chivalrous enougu to make 'an
offer.
"Now, do try again," coaxed the gallant
colonel, turning toward Miss Elliott, who
had taken her seat. "I am sure these gen
tlemen will bid now."
'No. thank you, colonel," naively re
sponded tbe vivacious brunette, "I waive
my right In your iavor. :i
George H. Davis was recoenized in the
crowd, and, being an experienced auc
tioneer, was called on to proceed with the
sale. He gracefully accepted the task, or
rather the "pleasure," as he termed it, and
continued the unpromising quest of bids.
General Warfield's bid of $15 for box C
was accepted, and after vainly calling for
a bid on box D Auctioneer Davis wanted
to Know what be was offered for a choice
of the loges or the seats in tbe house. J.
S. Dinkelspiel took two seats at $2 50
apiece and Auctioneer Davis took three
more at $1 each. The vaiu appeal for bids
then ceased, the auctioneer declaring that
it was the worst sale that he had ever
seen in his Jife.
The remaining seats and loges will be on
sale at the Columbia box-office at regular
rates up to the beginning of this after
noon's performance.
MERCHANTS SCORED.
The Press Ajrent of the Carnival
Issues a Criticism of The V. ,
Association's Action. .
The following report of yesterday's
transactions in regard to the proposed
carnival was issued by the official press
agent:
The members of the executive committee of
the Carnival of the Golden Gate started out on
their tour of canvassing yesterday. Up to the
close of business in the afternoon partial re
ports only bad been received at headquarters
from a lew of tha comaiuee. Several members ■
I
I of the committee reported to General Warfleld
j that the members of the Merchants' Associa
| tion were very slow in : encouraging the carni-
I val while the wholesale merchants, on the
j contrary, were enthusiastic in its support.
. "1 cannot understand the action of the Mer
chants Association in opposing the carnival,"
said one of the executive committee last night.
««Ani«H n tlen)en -. who visited members of the
f™^ On ta ,s ed that the leaders seenUo be
£,n ?h W v th t i ie spirit of P«»y Politics rather
than the broad cone of an association to do
: S?2?.£?»!w Clty - Ever Blnce the carnival wan
1 ?n^i» m ' > Or reasons best known to the ring
tiw «nl Ile l h . 18 movement, which prom
th* so much good for San Francisco. Some of
rm?j m m ™ are ambitious of attaining petty
political power, nd M they have not been In-
to assist us in our labors this may be one
explanation. I know or a positive fact that
those members or the carnival committee who
fln-f em ? €r8 of the Merchants' Association in,
tend resigning from the latter organization,
and will state so over their own signatures."
j he committee that visited the City Hall was
Aery heartily received by the City officials, and
I promises oi ample support were given tnem.
I except in one instance. Mayor Sutro pleaded
■ nis ,J >ov< 7ty as an excuse for not contributing.
silsa Maxine Elliott will make her last ap
pearance this afternoon at the Columbia Thea
ter for the Denetit of the carnival. Despite the
penuriousness manifested by the crowd at the
auction sale yesterday afternoon a very fair
sale of seats has already taken place. The
committee is salaried that the benefit at the
! umbia will net quite a little cum.
i The canvass will be continued throughout
the City this morning. Financial Secretary
Boldernann reported last night that those
members of the canvassing. committee whom
he had seen were not at all discouraged at the
outlook, but proposed to start in with renewed
vigor this morning.
DRANK NITRIC ACID.
John Heizman, a Pioneer, Killed Him
self in a Fit of Deepond
ency.
John Heizman, aged 66, living at 302
Fell street, died yesterday morning from
the effects oi a dose of nitric ecid, taken
with suicidal intent on Sunday last. The
deceased was a pioneer, and for forty years
had conducted a jewelry repair shop at 412
SSar.some street. Five years ago Mr. Heiz
rnan met with an accident, and since that
time has been subject to fits of despond
ency.
Sunday he swallowed a small quantity
of nitric acid, not sufficient, however, to
produce instant death. i)rs. Knorp and
Dodel were called in ana succeeded in
rendering temporary relief. The age of
the suicide, however, was against any per
manent cure, death finally coming yes
terday morniug at 5 o'clock.
The deceased was successful in business,
accumulating an estate valued at $100,000.
He left a wife and four children, all the
latter being of age.
VOLUNTEERS IN CLOVER
They Have Secured the Old
Y. M. C. A. Buildiag as
a Headquarters.
The Place Will Be Formally Opened
With Fitting Ceremonies
on July 30
Major Washington Jllackhurst, the rep
resentative of Commander BalJington
booth and tbe officer in command of the
operations of tbe Volunteers of America
on the entire Pacific Coast, has just
definitely secured a suitable and repre
sentative building for headquarters. Ar
rangements have been made by which
possession will be taken in a few days'
time.
The building is located at 232 Butter
street and was erected by tbe Young
Men's Christian Association and occupied
by them for many years. The building is
admirably adapted for the purpose now
intended. It has a spacious and lofty
auditorium, with ample seating capacity
and a splendid entrance from the street.
On tbe second story there is a suite of
rooms which will be occupied by Major
Blackhurst and his staff for the official
battalion headquarters for the coast This
will include offices for the major, the sec
retaries and tbe supply department, and
here al:?o will be the editorial rooms for
the Western supplement of the Volun
teers' Gazette. The offices will be occu
pied immediately. On the third floor will
be located the men's training fort, which
will be under the supervision of Staff
Captain Gardner, who also has charge of
the local post, which will have its regular
services in tbe auditorium.
In connection with the work here will
be organized a brass band, which wiil be
under the direction of the staff band
master. Captain H. S. Miles. The in
augural services in connection with the
opening 0/ the battalion headquarters in
this building will be held on Thursday,
July 30, at 8 p. m., at which many of the
leading citizens will be present.
Dimond Trustees Appointed.
Judge Hebbard, acting for Judge Seawell,
yesterday appointed Horace G. Platt and B. P.
Oliver trustees of the fund for tbe benefit of
the heirs of W. H. Dimond, which fund was
established before the death ot General
IMinond and of which the deceased, up to the
time of his death, "was trustee.
Loans on watches, Jewelry, »Uvt nvare, at Uncle
HarrU'i IB Gnuii ftvsuue. ■;£;£?» -r
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1896.
OR, CHALMERS
AFTER SMALLPOX
Hunting a Case Supposed to
Have Come on the
China.
A COOL RECEPTION.
Dr. Rosenau Will Not Allow
Him to See a Quarantine
Patient.
ONLY A CASE OF VARIOLOID.
Nevertheless the Local Health Officer
Will Allow No One to Land
for Fourteen Days.
The question that is now agitating the
minds of tbe dual State and Federal quar
antine officers of this port is, "Did the Pa
cific Mail steamship China, which arrived
Sunday from Asia, bring in smallpox?"
Dr. Chalmers, the State medical officer,
was notified yesterday that there were
two cases among the Chinese steer
age passengers now quartered on An
gel Island, and Dr. Rosenau, the
marine surgeon at that station, declares
that there is only one case of varioioid
among his Asialic boarders. When doc
tors disagree, etc.
But another complication entangles the
case. Last night State Quarantine Officer
Chalmers called away his tug and steamed
over to Angel Island. He beard that small
pox had broken out among the detained
China passengers on the| island, and he
wished to learn the truth of the matter.
The official visitor ran the gauntlet of the
blue-coated guards at tno landing And was
escorted up to the quarters of Dr. Rose
nau, then in charge of the station. After
half an hours wait the doctor received
his visitor, and in answer to a question
stated that there was one case of varioioid
among the Chinese passengers. Dr.
Chalmers asked if he might see the
patient and was flatly refused the privi
lege.
The State officer was stiffly escorted
back to his tug and bowed curtly off the
island. So the question is, "Has Angel
Island a case of smallpox, and why did
the Government medical officer refuse to
permit tbe State medical officer to visit the
patient?"
When the China sailed from Hongkong
she had over 500 Chinese aboard. Of these
Utt were for San Francisco, about one-half
that number being in transit for Central
America. When tha steamer was a few
days out from China two cases of small
pox were discovered among the Chinese
passengers. Every precaution was token
and the doctor insisted upon vaccinating
everybody aboard the vessel. Even the
captain did not escape and he and all his
subordinates are now nursing sore arms.
In fact every person who boards the China
these days cannot get within five yards of
any member of the crew without an ex
clamation of "Look out for ray arm !"
After the China reached Yokohama the
Japanese authorities took control. The
6ick men were landed and placed in quar
antine. The vessel was fumigated and
then allowed to go on her way. At Hono
lulu the Chinese passengers were allowed
to land and the vessel was given a clean
bill of health. On her arrival here Dr
Blue of the United States Marine Hospi
tal service and Dr. Chalmers, the State
quarantine officer, visited her. There was
no sign of contagion aboard, so the 129
Chinese and 44 Japanese for Kan Fran
cisco were landed on Angel Island, ac
cording to the United States laws govern
ing emigrants, and the China was allowed
to dock.
This was last Sunday, and yesterday it
was reported that two cases of smallpox
had appeared among the Chinese on the
island. In the meantime the officers and
Chinese crew have mingled freely with
the people who have had 1 business on the
steamer, and while there may be no fear
of contagion it would nevertheless have
been far better to have been sure than
sorry.
The China was sixteen days from Yoko-
and the quarantine officers thought
that any new cases would surely show
themselves in that time, as fourteen days
is the limit. It now appears that vaccina
tion suppressed the disease for a time, and
that it is now breaking out in spite of vac
cine.
Dr. Chalmers was interviewed late last
night, when he landed from the tug Gov
ernor Perkins. The doctor, smarting over
his discourteous reception on the island,
was not in a placid frame of mind. His
visit to his brother officer may best be told
in his own language:
"I am not in a pleasant humor over my
visit to Dr. Roseneau," he said, "and ray
complete failure to satisfy myself in re
gard to tbe sick Chinaman at the island.
To-day Dr. Blue informed me that there
was a case or two at the island, and I made
preparations to investigate. I immedi
ately took tbe quarantine tug and steamed
over to Angel Island. In the boat I
changed my clothing and took every pre
caution, as I intended to examine the
cases, and never dreamed of the reception
I got there. After keeping me waiting
half an hour Dr. Rosenean, the sur
geon in charge of the station, met
me, and to my query answered
that he found a Chinaman ill with vario
ioid. It was only a mild case, he said, and
he apparently did not attach any great
importance to it. He was not disposed to
go into details, and rather resented the
visit of a State official.
"I then asked if I might see the patient
and got a refusal straight from the shoul
der. 'No!' he said; 'you can't see the
Chinaman.' Dr. Roseneau was not only
lacking in professional courtesy, but he
assumed that he was independent of the
State quarantine officer, which he is not.
The Federal Government must co-operate
with the State in the enforcement of
sanitary regulations, with priority ac
corded to the medical officers of the State.
That is the law in the case.
"So I was bowed off the island like an
intruder. Now lam as much in the dark
regarding that case of smallpox, varioioid,
measles, hives, or whatever it is, as you
are. Nor can I understand for the life of
me why Dr. Roseneau refused to let
me see the case if he was sure of his
diagnosis, and I presume he is. When the
China arrived she had been sixteen days
from Yokohama, where she was fumi
gated first by the Japanese health author
ities, then by her own surgeon. She was
all right at Honolulu and had a clean
bill of health. I carefully examined
all of her people here, and as no sickness
was aboard, and the fourteen days of in
fection has passed, sfTe was permitted to
dock. The steerage passengers were sent
to Angel Island."
"But if this is a case of varoloid how do
you explain it that the man was taken
down with a form of smallpox two or
three days before the infection limit?"
the quarantine officer was asked.
"If the Chinaman has smallpox the
case is an exception to the fourteen-day
rule, which cannot be explained in medi
cal practice," he answered. "A germ may
be longer-lived and exist over the limit,
but medical authority sticks to the four
teen days.
"I do not know what the Angel Island
officials and the Paciric Mail people intend
to do regarding their passengers, but not
one- of them will land in this City unless I
am sure they have no contagious disease
among them. I have sent orders to the
Mail dock that they must not be brought
away from the quarantine station until
I know all danger is passed. I presume
the Millen Griffith wiil go after those pas
sengers to-morrow or next day, but if she
brings them here she will straightway
carry them back. If Dr. Roseneau has a
case of smallpox he will keep it until it
is cured, but 1 cannot understand his ac
tion to-nient. It is inexplicable. I shall
see tbe Board of Health immediately and
have this matter settled."
While the doctors are disagreeing the
public are asking: "Is the fourteen-day
limit to be depended upon, and how many
more varioioid cases are there in the.City ?"
MADE HIS FINAL HAVEN,
Death of Captain Talbot, United
States Inspector of Steam
ships and Hulls.
Was Born in Maine and Was a Prac
tical Mariner From Early
Youth.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 21. f
Captain C. S. Talbot died at his home
in East Oakland this evening. Although
he has not been enjoying good health for
some time his death was a surprise to his
friends, as it was generally supposed he
was improving.
Captain Talbot has been a United States
Inspector of Steamships and Hulls for
many years. He was a man of large ex
perience and during the past few years he
has led a very active life owing to tne in
crease in tbe steamship trade of San Fran
cisco. He was a very familiar fmure In
marine circle and his face, which was that
of a typical old mariner, will be greatly
missed from his office in the Federal
building.
The deceased was born in the State of
Maine over sixty-two years ago, and from
his earliest life he followed tne sea as a
proiession. He was rapidly promoted and
commanded several of the largest Amer
ican vessels afloat He was looked upon
as a very careful navigator, and never met
with a mishap of any importance.
He retired from the sea several years ago
and has been an inspector for a long time.
He lived with his family in East Oakland
and has been very little seen on this side
of the bay, all his work being in San
Francisco.
Last Saturday he was at bis office in
good spirits, but soon after arriving home
he was taken sick with stomach trouble.
Only quite recently did the malady de
velop serious symptoms.
Two physicians were called Sunday,
and were in constant attendance till death
came. Yesterday he was so low that the
absent members of the family were sum
moned by telegraph. This morning the
captain was ret. 1 , m,; easily, and the hopes
of his family lose proportionately.
This evenf'ic a relapse occurred and the
old sailor breathed his last about sun
do?rn. j, '""
Republican Italian Club.
TEMESCAL, Cal., July 21.— The Temes
cal Republican Italian Club has elected
officers for tbe ensuing campaign. They
are: President, A. Alvisi; vice-president,
J. I>. Reboli; secretary, L. J. Vaierga;
treasurer, A. Compooenosi; sergeant-at
arms, E. Brignardelii; executive commit
tee—G. Giacominin, A. Neri. P. Caselll,
S. Neri, J. Caspari, J. Casazza, V. Casazza,
J. Bruno, A. Cam piano.
Kepnblican Soldier* and Sailor*.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 21.— A rousing
meeting of the Army and Navy Repub
lican League was held in their headquar
ters this evening. A delegation of Ala
medans were the guests of the evening. A
genuine old campnre was indulged in.
The programme consisted of song, speak
ing and instrumental music. A goodly
number of old soldiers were present.
.Blind men in Japan carry a whistle
which ■ they blow to irftxn passers by.
SEEKING RICHER FIELDS,
Efforts to Be Made to Increase
Passenger Traffic From
the Orient.
Plans to Be Considered to Divert a Por
tion of It From the Suez Canal
Route.
There was an all-day session yesterday j
of the representatives of tha several trans
portation companies interested in trans
pacific passenger business, bat nothing of
a definite character was decided upon.
Upon a closer investigation of the situa
tion it has been found that efforts in tne
Orient can be advantageously directed
toward securing part of the traffic that now
moves by way of the Suez canal route.
Agent McKay, during the past year and
a half, has confined bis efforts to Yoko
hama and toward securing a proper share
of the trans-Pacific business for his roads
as against tbe more northern lines and
their connections. Much the larger por
tion of traffic originates at Hongkong,
•Shanghai and other China ports, and it is
probable that when Mr. McKay returns to
his post he will go clothed with authority
to establish sub-agenoies at these points,
and Honolulu may also receive special at
tention.
This is a field that has been virtually
neglected by the American transportation
companies, despite the well-known fact
that the Peninsular and Oriental and Mes
sagerie Maritime lines do an enormous
business from Japanese, Chinese and In
dian ports to Europe via the Suez canal,
part of which could undoubted!}' be
tempted to move this way.
It is expected that tbe conference will
continue for two or three days longer be
fore plans are finally adopted.
Laborers' Woes.
C. L. Collier and W. Wellington, sawmill
laborers recently from Mendociuo and Hum
bold t counties, have filed with Labor com
missioner Fitzgerald a complaint against the
sawmill owners ot the nortbern coast. The
principal complaint is directed against the
Usal Lumber Company and embraces tbe
charges that the firm overwork Its men and
defrauds the employes on the time-check sys
tem. The Labor Commissioner will investigate.
Orders have been received for forty laborers
for the Val ley road and seventy laborers lor a
construction company at Redding.
NEW TO -DAT.
PHYSICAL^
MANHOOD.
■
Sexual and Nervous Power, Strong
Kind and Body Can Ke Renewed in
*• -'"Weak, Failing Men by Dr. Saaden's
Klectric Belt. If You Have Tried All
Other Kemediea and Failed to Get
Cured, Do Not Deepair. There Is a
Cure for You. Only Spare Tim- to
■:• Investigate It. It la Certain. Abso-
lute. Head the Book " Three Classen
of Men," '
.' This is the age of physical perfection.
It is also the age of physical imbecility.
While this man avails himself of every
opportunity to develop and expand his
manly, .vigor, that one is passing his
chances to improve his mind and body,
and easily falls into the excesses which
are always in his path, to the destruction
of his vital powers. .
- How great is your admiration of a San-
dowl A Hercules of physical manhood.
The very • foundation of this physical
manhood is nerve, or vital force. It is
easily wasted by excesses or early indis-
cretion.
Manhood Quickly Restored.
Westminster, Orange Co., May 18, 1896.
Dr. A. T. Sandtn— Sib: The Belt whirh
I bought from you some time ago has cured
me. My disease was seminal weakness of five
years' standing. - 1 had emissions on nn aver,
age of five times a week, and many times three
in one night. luted all kinds of drugs and
patent medicines, and was, when I began your
treatment, in a very weak . condition, both
from my trouble and the many different drugs
I bad taken. As sooa as I applied your Belt I
found relief from my losses, in three weeks a '
general improved condition, and I am now en-
tirely cured. I cannot say too much in praise
of your Beit. Yours truly, J. M. lIUBBAKD.
No man can attain physical or muscular
perfection while there is any want of vital
force. It is the grit, the vim, the "ginger"
which supports the powers of endurance,
and the command of latent physical
strength. . : .
Every man knows himself. He knows
where he is weak. Knowing it, if he is
true to himself, he will try to recover the
vital power he has wasted.
The source of all physical power is in
the nerves. ' The life of the nerves is elec-
tricity. So science. Man, if you lack
any of the elements of manhood, will you
barter your future happiness any further
by letting this chance pass? Be one of
the progressive men. ■ Perfect your man-
hood, physically, sexually, mentally.. ■
"A great change has come over me, and I
feel better than I ever did. 1 feel in such good
health that I cut about a cord of wood a day
and don't feel tired at nigat." 80 writes Mr.
JOHN W. PHILLIPS, Collar, Cal., June 2U.
A steady, even flow of electricity into your
body for several hours at night will bring
new life to the nerves, and from them to
the whole body. The , brain will be re- ''
freshed, the nerves strong, quick and ac-
tive, and every organ of your body will
. expand and develop in force and vitality.'
It will, in three ; months/ renew perfect
manly vigor in every part. It is as good
for women as for men. -
Al , permanent cure Is " guaranteed ■or
money refunded in all weaknesses of men.
A pocket edition of the celebrated electro-
. medical ',- work, "Three Classes : of Men,"
illustrated, is sent free, sealed, by mail
upon application. Every yopng, middle-
aged or old man-sufferfng the slightest
weakness should read it. It will point out
an EASY. SURE AND SPEEDY WAY
TO REGAIN STRENGTH AND HEALTH
WHEN EVERYTHING ELSE HAS
FAILED. ' . . ; ' /
> Be a man. Lay aside prejudice caused
by the broken promises of quackery. Gee
the book and write to the men volun-
tarily offer their name*. Then act as your
own judgment dictates, < Don't put it oft.
Write or call to-day. Address
■ ; c SANDEN hLECTKIC CO.,
BSO Market Street, San Franolioo,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours; a a. m. to
8:30 r. it.: Sundays, 10 to 1.
Confutation Free and Invited.
. OFFICES AT:
JX)B ANGELES, CAL., I PORTLAND, OR.,
Ot\A Laiil k D^Ani.,.. I OKU *■»*--!. I «_»-.— _..___■.
NEW TO-DAT— GOODS. . ,
CITYOFfjjfPARIS!
SPECIAL SALE !— — IWUSLIN UNDERWEftR !
MUSLIN DRAWERS— Six tucks, with tucked ruffle and edged with em- Afin
br0idery..;............................:; TO CLOSE AT Uv/L-
-MUSLIN DRAWERS— EIeven tucks, with wide embroidery ruff1e. ....:... n C/^
• •..... .TO CLOSE AT * OL
CAMBRIC DRAWERS— tucks, with Vide embroidery ruffle Ci Art
.; ..'.'...\ TO CLOSE AT^t •""
MUSLIN AND CAMBRIC. CHEMISE, with tucks and embroidery in- rft r
sertion ...................:.. TO CLOSE AT 50c and upward »5vL
FRENCH CHEMISE— Hand-embroidered. Broken line  .. .C 1 C A
...................;........ TO CLOSE AT •Pl»Ol/
MUSLIN GOWNS— Hemstitched and tucked... 1 . ..... ... /£ g _
..................; ■.■............;........ TO CLOSE AT OOU
MUSLIN AND CAMBRIC GOWNS— Hieh and low neck, tucked and Oft^,
trimmed with emDroidery ..... TO CLOSE AT 80c and upward 01/ L,
MUSLIN SKIRTS, with deep embroidered ruffle . Ci 1C
- '.....-.......•....T0 CLOSE AT 4>1.^0
SILK WAISTS— full line in the newest effects ' V
. . AT IMMENSE REDUCTIONS
GLOVES! GLOVES !— Ladies' 4-button Suede Glove«, in tan and CA,,
mode, worth $125 REDUCED TO »?UL
SE HABL.A ESPANOL.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VILLE IDE PARIS.
-■•' ■ BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
ATTENTION, LADIES! -«iiSSi^r-
AllAflllUH. LAUlbb! REDUCEI) RAm M RAIL
DROP — TO —
F P :R -' l ' ljA r g'' :D ' O^L.
FRAME I _^jflF|jjig|& fjgfl ggggjfrj -HJjpgfflJS
- BICYCLES WEDNESDAY .........JULY 22
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
ARE ALL THE RAGE IN THE EAST aye from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at 8 p. v. ■" ,
. f&i&sessi ii «i sHi^i^li p ° Urna °
■ models. Call and - , First-class tickets,' including berth in Q.oc
inspect them ' -•• Pullman Standard Sleeper. «|Plt/— ♦
__ ._■ , . . SPECIAL NOTICE.
. This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
PnU/IM iwnURIP &<-»*>.*■ sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets
EDWIN MOHRIG, Agent, ■ be sold or bag checked to such points. ' -
1510 Market Street, S. F. - _,*f Through Tickets for Puzet Sound
' - - ' . Points on Sate at deduced i.ates.
| For further information apply at
mnrnnrrnrmrtci An miin inAv 61 3 market stkekt (Grand Hotel
THESDCCESS OF THE SEASON *m*&&s? otha %s%ss&j*.-
- Traffic sigr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM SMFRiMsco&irH pT
d a i TnVunTri cmc railway co.
I nLnUL fill ILL Tibaron Ferry-Foot or Market St.
I ■■■■nVIB II" I lalai San Francisco to San Rafael.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST. !wm % r»^ p\SSU»gA
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT. : tndVl^So" ** S * turdayB - Extra ■**?* ■* !*•
...-■■;:„.. ■■.- ;-. , ■ t ■■■■.■ r St'NDAVS-7:30,'9:30, 11:00 A. M.; 1:30, 3:3f1l
RAILROAD TRAVEL. : San 2 Kaf£l to S»n Franci.co.
" ' ~~~ "'"""""■" """"■ " WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11-10 a if-
MCTUKRIT PACIFIC «'OJIPA.M. 12:46,3:40,5:10 p.m. Saturdays-Extratrio;
(pacific hystkm.) at 1:55 p. v. and 6:35 p. if. *^
Trala« leave i»n«l are <l«e to arrive a* BU^^\i S 7 8:»6,'ll:10 a. "■'• 1:40, 3:40,
!H 4 N M'lt \ 1' I S( O : Between San Fr*nclsco and SchueUen Park aama
* Between ban t'riucfsco and Schuetzen Park aanu
«ate - Fno M JUXE7. 139 C. - aimivi Bchedule as above.
•6:00 a Niles. San Joso and Waj Station*. . . Si43a -.„ £? T * I m In effect I «• Arrive
7«Ot>A Atlantic Impress, Og.leii and Kast.. *-4.1» Ban Francisco. A " <*, San Francisco.
7:00 a Benida, Vac»Tuie. Ramter. Sacra* ' "«.•___ ■ B^» «>9B- i —^ T^T~~ mm
r ° T ! UO ."! dßOd . din .!. T :! 6,43, P™|ff£ ""»■"""<! SSL Da"
7:O«a Martinez. &m Eamon, Napi, ciii». „., 7:30 am 7:30 am Kovato, 10:40 am 8:40 ah
■-« «* c «»*J lds l * Kol »-- 1 V— • slap 3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaloma, 6:06 pm 10:10 am
■«30a Nile*. Sau Jose, Stockton, lone. 6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 fS
Sacramento, MarriTille and Red — — ! -t
Bluff 4s!sp "_■ I Fulton,
•8:30 a Peters and Miltou « »7tlsp 7:3oam j Windsor, 10:10 am
•ton a Los Angeles ExpreM. Fresno. Santa- |Hcaldsburg,
Barbara and I. cm Angeloa 4«4«* _„„ „'„ Geyserville,
»:»0a Martinez and Stockton 11:45 a 8:30 pm 7:30 am | Cloverdale. 7:30 6:15 pm
9:OO A Vallejo 6:15r \ j Viet. " ;
l:OOp Nile.i, San Jose and LlTermort...... 8:13 a >.«>.,. Hnnland *• in. in , _
Sacramento River Steamers -O:OOp 1 * M 7 . M am! r^Jdih.* 7.«i.u Ri!i-
-fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations t7»45* ' 8U "' 1 7-30 am tfaah. 7:80 pm 6:15 pic
«:OVr Martinez. San Ramon, Vallrjo, 7:30 AM j 10:10 am
Napa, Calistoga, El Vorauo tne 7:30 am Guerneville. 7:30 pm
Santa Rosa 9>lSa 3:30 pm . | 6:15 pm
•'••'^u&t. -SH© "■■ffiSSS. 7:BOAK 7:3oam, Sonoma ,10:40 am; B:4oam
: 4, M rN^. Till s\n nd Jo S rTive^ore-and • I# '* BA 6:10 *~ 5:00 PM Glen^llen. 1 6:05 pm{ 6:15 pm
m_- Stockton .......;.„.............. 7tl3p 7:30 am 7:30 am s< , . to 110:40 am 1 10:10 am
4:30r Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for 8:30 pm ! 5:00 pm >"" l <'poi. t}:o6 pm, 6:15 pm
Yosemite) and Fresno 11:43 a — ' ■ : '
BsMf New Orleans Kipred.Kreino, Bakers. Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
field, Santa lUrbara.T.os Angeles, Springs: at Geyserville for Bkaggs Springs: at
Doming. El Paso, New Orleans and Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pie for Highland
T.iat ." Ivilßa Spring, Kclseyrille, Soda Bay and i.aicrport; At
Si«»p Santa Fa Route, Atlantic Uipress - ' Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiett Springs; at
for MoJaTo and East IC:ISa TJkiah for Vlcby Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue
Q:00p Vallejo .* 11:43 a Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
6:041t- European Mail, Ogdon and ICuat 9<43a Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
«:«oi> Hiiynartli. Ntles and San Jose 7:15* Bell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvjlle, Boonevllle,
|7:0« - Vallejo t7:45p Greenwood, Git's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
7tOOP Oregon Kxpreas.Haormticuto, Marys- Fort Bragg, Wsstport, UsaJ, Willets, Canto, Co-
ville, Reddlug, Portland, " l'uget Telo. Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka. .
' Bound and r.ast Ioi4Ba Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
-_ 1?? <!U l> i VlS;o> tfwronttnlwT-; "^Sundays round-tnp tickets to all oo.n* |»
{7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Crux - yond ban Rafael at naif rates. - ■<-■ :■
..ISA N^ar^MeffiwVlion. JBrf>! " ™™ \22*££X> *=?£»«•. ChrO " lC ' e bUn< " n *
BonlderCreek.SaptaCruzandWay H.CWHITINQ. R. X. RYAN.
Stations 9i9«p "^ Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
•S:lsp Newark, CeuterTille, San Jose. New "~~ . : " : " '
Almaden, I'elton, Boulder Creek,
SanU Cruz and Principal Way i a t - JL» ' _ mim^.
sutious "H:2o, Ail^iriTlC mttniiii im
|«:l»r Nen-ark. Ran .lime and I.o« 0at0a.... U»:sOa : , im a, 1 1* a » a,» v T^^pflnl
COAST IHVISION (ll.lnl A loiTiiHend Ms.) AND jJ^HEiF
««:43a tjan Jose ami Way btatious (New F}^» s-r 2 -£ 2 /-• /S^k^^L
Almaden Wednesdara only) 9:47 a JtSCIIIC j^^^^^k
t7i3«A Sunday Excursion for San Jose. **w ~ jßisSSnSfcrflfc
SanU Cruz, Pacific Grove, an! RAILROAD ffi&lHcßESaSl
-,- Principal Way Stations 15:331> Trains leave and arrive ai BZMHBB^aM
■iISa San .lose, Tree Vinos, Hauta Crua. Harket-StrUt Ferry BK£3£S&ffi
Racine Orove. Paso Robles, Sa* Market-atreet * erry. T^S?S«SS2SKI
J.uin Oliiai»o, Guadalnpe and Prin- ciirrri mi ii 1)1) I JfevX^fi^ l^^/
-dial Way Stations ..V. 7.-05* SASTA IE LXPRhSS. <^^S^^^^
18:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations tl:3Or " n . . , "fl . .. iLljILj J.'!77Ll
I «:4Oa Sau Jo- ad Way .SUtiona «:O»r To Chicago v>a A. AI» VSj^jgSpVjJgl
11:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Station*. 3:»0p Direct Lino ■ •' W>Qi^ *£*■•
•a:3Oi«San Mateo, Menlo Park, Haa Job* Leaves every day at 5 p. m.. carrying Fullmaa
Gilroy, Tres Finos, S»nU Onii, Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also Modern Up.
' SaUnae,MontereynnilPaclficGroTo «IQ:4Oa bolstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
•Siaop San Jose, PaciCo Grove and Way •a* bedding and in chance of a porter, pun daily
Stations *l;30r throuch to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex can
•JsSOpSan Jose *n«t Way 5tatf0ii5........." •»:ooa, for Denver and St. Louis. '
3i3Op San Jo»o and Principal Way Stations •»:4»a Persona'ly conducted 80-ton Excursions via
6:30p Son Jose ami Way Stations. «:""» \ Kansas City, Chicago, Montreal and the Whit*
Hli4sp San Jose anJ Way Stations.... t7:45r I Mountains leave every Wednesday.
SAN LKA.SUBO AM) HAItWABD.. LWAL :£»£?£*3£. f « ni » «» »»«• East.
__^__— _^_— __^_—^ New rails, new i lea; no dust: interesting scenery;
i*6:OOa "1 f 7:13/ and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
' 2:22* i 10-45 A Ticket Ofllce-644 Market Street,
lO.OOa I Heir*", Seminary Park, '. liiio^ : Chronicle Building.
< "!2op Fltelibßrff.Saaltandro *fi||* Telephone Main 1531.
3:OOp I ; aßa ; «s4Sr ' ■'' ■"■ "
» H. y w.,<... S»; lORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
.■".OOP » ' V\V -_ Vi Sausalito Ferry).
; OOi , ..; j" ■" Si 43» * nm San Francisco, Commencing June 15, 189 a.
Sloop i n«ns through to Niles. tSSot \ • WEEKDAYS. • '
>til:l3pj •S'romNUea. : .. I ♦♦isioo» **" Mm Valley and San Rafael — 7:00. *B oo
■■ - -■ : LV I r?°V *9:15 10:16, 11:45. a. m.: -1:45, »:;.O, 4:13,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY 5:16. »b:0o. d:35 p. m. WJ
From SIH «lIOISCO— Foot of tab) Street (SUp 8)-" "SS.Sff&SLSaV.^f il -80 ****** Wtd "*
•7:15 lift 11:00 a.m. U:00 * 2:3 « » ::C ««• «>a Swuni.)^ U^r. k.
•4:00 10.00 *e:OOPJi. ... .. For Mill Valley and San Kafael-*8:00. •9:00.
FroBOALUIS— Foot «f Bmdnj — -« : 00 8(X •10:00, 11:30 a. H.; **I^:SJ. "1 :ao, •2:15, »4iO«l
10:00 a.m. 13:00 *1:00 13:00 *3:00 ti',. &:30, 6:45, 8:S0p. H. Extra trip to Sausalltoat
*S'OOP 11. "' • ■■■'■■- -r .-.■'.*'• 11:00 a. m.
— : ' — — — i- : — _^^ L Trains marked • run to San Qnentin. *»12:3B
. A for Morning. ,- P for Afternoon *• M. doea aot run to Mill Valley. >
• Sundays exrepted. } Saturdays oulj ' THKOI'aH TBAINS.
• ■ . t Sundays only. - : . ' For Point Reyes ana way 'stations— 8:00 a. if.
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only ' Saturdays: 9a. m. suhJiivr; 5:15 p. M. weekdays.
8 Saturiiaya anil Hun-lays for Santa Cni!:. ' For Point Reyen, Cazadaro and way staiionii-«
;,••..' 1 Snrdam and Mondays from Santa I'm* ' K)0 a. x. Sundays; 1 :46 p. M. weekdara. -
— — — ■ — ! ' ■
||s&a#ft MANHOOD RESTOREDSS "
Iv *<?? t"3r 4w '•v £2 tion of a famous French physician, will quickly cure you or all ner-
\V\ s\ I \*± • *• \T vous or diseases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood.
Vi.uA/ \j rZAAJ Insomnla^Painsln the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility,
V it^^L T- '•wr ' Pimples, unfllness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicorele ana
V^ r. V -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevents qnlck*
\/ . >*i^/ '.'■ ness of discbarge, which if not checked leads to Bpermatorrbaea and
BEFORE i . Hn itrrp ' all the horrors of Impotency. • t'I'PIDKXE cleanses the liver, Uie
ocrv/na, ano ArltH kjdneys and th« urinary orjranßoiaUUapariUes.
CITPHUJHB strengthens and restores small weak organs. - v- .
s - The reason sufferer; are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are troubled with - .
PnwtstltlK. CUPI DENE the only fcno*a remedy to cure without an operation. 5000 testimony
•Is. - A written guaranty riven and money returned If six boxes does not effect a permanent cur*
f 1.00 a box, six tor $5.03, by mail. Send for rate circular and testimonials.
Address DAYOIi StEOIGIKJS CO.« 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For sal« by
OOAf\t/UI OU l I>X* * «*-V 11n O« II -.» I
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
New York Exchange lower.
s.iver firmer.
shipment of 5>2;>1,916 to China.
Wheat and Barley ouiet.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Hay in overstock and depressed.
Bran weak.
Keans very quiet.
Potatoes and Onions cheap.
Vegetables in heavy supply.
Butter, Cheese an J Eggs firm.
A car of Eastern Poultry iv.
Apricoia and Peaches easier.
Figs and Apples firmer.
Dried Fruit stagnant.
Provisions sell fairly.
Wool remarkably dull.
Demaud for Hops died down.
Hides and Leather unchanged.
Ho;s declining again.
Coffee dull.
Some changes In Fish.
TRJ2ASCRE SHIPMENT.
Thr Doric took out r treasure list of 8381,916,
consisting of $18,304 in Mexican Dollars, 83550 in.
Gold Coin, $205,410 in Silver Bullion and 85650 in
Peruvian Soles.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with -.he wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it. if any. the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and rtuiidredtbs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, 'or solid
Una*, connect poln a of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accomuanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast.' When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" In he vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition!
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
Un-tted States Depaetmkst OF Agrtcpit
IDKE. Weather BUBKAU, San- Francisco, July
22, 1895, sp. m. Weather conditions and genera
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 60, Fresno 102. San Diego 72, Red Bluff
92, San Louis Obispo 78, Yuma 92. San Francisco
66, Los Angeles 80.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 66,
minimum 56. mean6l.
An area of high pressure overlies Montana to
night. During the past twenty-four hours there
has been a rise of two-tenths of an inch over the
upper Missouri Valley. An area of low pressure
is central ov r Nevada and I) tab.
The temperature • has fallen about 12 deg.
during the past twenty-four hours in northern
California and from 8 to 16 deg. in western Arizona.
The temperature has also fallen over the northern
half of the Pacific Coast and In Idaho and Western
Montana the fall amounts to at least 16 deg.
Bain has fallen generally throughout Arizona
and in Southern California. Conditions are favor
able for showers in southern California and Ari
zona to-night and Wednesday.
* Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. July 22. 1896:
' Northern California— on the coast: fair
inland; cooler Wednesday in the northern portion;
light westerly winds.
: Southern California— Clondy weather, with light
showers in the southern portion; light westerly
winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday; cooler in the north
ern portion.
I tan— Cloudy Wednesday, and possibly show
er*; colder. '
Arizona— Cloudy Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Clondy Wednesday ;
light westerly winds.
A I.KIAN'IIKB G. McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YOKE MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., July 21.— The announce
ment that the New York City banks had de
termined to place a part of their gold at the disposal
of the Government, thus restoring .the treasury
gold reserve to the hundred million mark, changed
the temper of speculation at the Stock Exchange
lrom weakness to strength. This had a particu
larly good effect in London, and the early cables
brought higher prices and numerous orders for St.
Paul, Louisville and Nashville and some of the
railway mortgage* dealt in abroad. Estimates
place this buying as high as 25.000 shares of
stocks and $500,(>00 of railway and other bonds.
In addition to these favorable factors, it was
stated that the banking interests were at work on a
plan by which It is believed that gold shipments
can be diminished. Various suggestions have
been made, but nothing definite has been agreed
upon as yet. Even it ihe conferences on this sub
ject should come to naught, one thing can be re
lied upon ana that is the city banks will do every
thing in reason to help the trade. Some tankers
even want to plai c the entire stock at the disposal
of the Government subject to call by secretary
Carlisle. " ;
This manifestation of confidence stiffened United
stales fours ot 1925, and the bonus advanced to
114', a gain of V* from the recent low point. Buy
ing of securities was stimulated during the after
noon oy a falling off In tliedemaDd for sterling ex
change, and actual transactions In the latter were
reported at figures a quarter below quotations cur
rent at the opening. The decline in the exchange
ought to stop exports for the metal on Tue day,
ana it probably will. : The gain in stocks at one
time during the day was equal to @4 percent,
every prominent slock in tue list participating In
the upward movement. The industrials, grangers
and Internationals were most conspicuous In the
rise. Near the close the market suddenly broke
J/ofa,;-s per cent, Burlington anov Quincy leadine.
The slump was generally credited to a leading
bear operator. Other oig Burlington traders stood
aloof, however, and no adequate explanation of
the orop could be obtained.- speculation let; off
irregular, aud in the. main weak. Net changes
show losses of i/4@l»/g per cent, except for North
west, General ectric, St Paul and Kansas and
Texas preferred, which gained i/4©l per cent
* Lake Shore, however, gained 4 and Minnesota
Iron Total sales were 353,559 shares, includ
ing 80,000 Sugar and 70,100 St. Paul.
Bonds were firm. The toial sales were * 1,219 -
OUtt A tchlson general lours rose 2to 74; do ad
justment, 1% to 323/ 4 ; Louisville, .Sew Albany
and Chicago firsts. 1% to 112: Head in first pre
ferred. 1 to 27%: do gem-rat lours, 2 to 74- Bio
Cirande Western fours. 2to 69 %, and Denver and
Gulf consolidated lives. 3 to '/!). ■ -
In Government bonds $133,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 113V*<&114. an I $36,000 coupon fives
at.niß/,@lllV*.. The tone of the market was
higher.
<">rnin.
. FLOUR— Weak and dull. Winter wheat low
grades, l-709'2 .60: do fair to fancy. Vi 40»
3 40: do pa cuts, $3 4."@3 75: Minnesota clear
1 •- 4U@2 30: do straights, IS 95@3 40: go patents!
83 15(3,4: low extras $1 71% . 50: city mills,
$3 90: do patents. $ixg.4. 25: rye mixture, *2 40tt
2 90; superfine, $_■ bO@H 16: fine, $3. Southern
flour, weak, common ■to fair extra. %'l(g.'£ 60
--good to choice do, f 2 60®'..' 90 Bye flour, quiet,
easy, $2 40@2 B'J. H ■
CORNMKAL— DoII, steady, yellow . Western
*2 05@-' 10: Brandy $2 15.
BY Quiet, firm : Western. 37%@38c f. o. n.
— BARLEY— DuII, 49 pounds qui.tetl-3'Jc f. 0.0. ;
'financial.';- >. .: , ■'. ; ..
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK^CO;;'
4 ILeidesdorfT St., Tel. Main 1954.
BRANCH OFFICE . '
•28 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main " 6823 "
J. S. PUKI>Y. Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo- 1
- : Utlona. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHICAOU tlllVAiis. Witt*. MJIiW YOBS.
. BARLEY MALT— Western. 48®53c.
WHEAT— market quiet, firmer; f. o. b.,
64% c; ungraded red, 65(&66c; No. 1 Northern,
656/gc. - • ■
Options were dull and firm at 8 c advance with
the West and on firmer cables, better stock market
and local covering. September and December
mom active. July 62iAc. August 62s/ B e. Septem
ber, 62V 8 c; October, 63V4c; December, 64% c.
CORN-spot.dull, firmer; No. 2, S^Yac elevator;
83% c afloat.
Options were dull and closed firm at Vs'ai I '* o ad
vance on light receipts, firmer West and local cov
ering; September and October most active. July.
32«yBc; September, 32fi^c: October. 33VsC: May,
35c.
OATS— Spot, quiet and steady.
Options dull, firm; July, 21 %c; September,
SlSfco. prices:' Na 2. 22c: No. i white, 23% c;
bjiot prices: No. 2, 22c: No. 2 white, U3V»c:
No. 2 Chicago. 23% c; No. 3. 21c: No. 3 while,
22% c: mixed Western. 22@23%c; white do,
25&27% c; White -tate, 25@27%c.
FEED BRAN— 6o@s'.!%c.
MIDDLINGS— 3O@62%C.
BYE- Feed, 55c.
; roTi«lon«.
BEEF— DuII, steady. Family, $ B@9: extra mess,
.sGii7. beef hams, dull, 814 50@16. Tlerced beef,
quiet; city extra India mess, fll@r«:. Cut meats,
steady: pickled bellies, 45 /8 c; do shoulders, 3%@
4C; do hams. 9@loc.
LARD— DuII, weaker. Western steam, 83 67%;
city, 83 It: SeDt«>mber, 83 67; refined, lower,
continent. 84; south American, 84 50: com
pound, 3%@4VsC,
PORK -Steady, quiet. Old mess, 87 75©8 25:
new mess. $8 26@8 75.
BUTTER— Fair demand. state dairy, 10@14%c:
do creamery, 11%®15c: Western dairy, J>@l'Jc;
do creamery, 11%®16e; factory. 8%©10% c: El
gins. 15c
CHEESE— DuII, steady. State large, 6%®6%c;
do small, 4%(57c; part skims. 2@5y 3 c.
EGGS— State and Pennsylvania. 13Vy©
14c; Western fresh, ll@l»c; do per case, 81 -'*<£
8 10.
'J ALLOW— Steady. City, 3@B 11-16 c; country,
S@3%c. '•"«'..•,
COTTONSEED Crude, 20c; prime. 24c; off
grade. 23%@24c.
POTATOES— Firmer; fair demand. Southern,
60@90c.
KlCE— Steady, fair demand. Domestic, fair to
extra, 3<&5%c; Japan, 4@4%c. \
MOLASSES— Quiet, steady. New Orleans open
kettle, good to choice. 27@37c
COFFEE— steady. 10 to 20 points down. July,
811 30@ll 35; August, 81065; September. 810 25;
October, $9 80; November, $9 65: December,
»9 o5; February, 89 45: March. $9 45@9 50; May,
9 40. Spot Bio, dull: No. 7, 12% c.
SUGAR— Raw, dull, nominal. Refined, quiet
and unchanged; off A, 4 3-16@48/«c; mold A,
4"/ 8 c: standard A, 46 /8 c; confectioners' A, 4V 8 c:
cut loaf 6Vgc; crushed. 614 c: powdered, 4" c:
granulated, 4iysC; cubes, 6c; fair refining 26 /8 .-;
centrifugal, 96 test. 3S/ 8
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— OId, bags, 8%@llc: do new.
8%@9%c. .
PKACUE6— Peeled, * Dj, 13@14c: do nnpeelea,
7%a8%c.
PRUNES— sizes, nominal; 4%@5c.
RAISINS— Two-crown, 3%@4c; three-crown,
L. M., sc; do four-crowu, L. M., 5%c; do London
layers. Bi@l 05.
HOPS— Quiet and steady; Pacific Coast, 2Vs@
6%c: London market steady and unchanged.
WOOL— firm: domestic fleece, 16@22c:
pulled, 15@33c; Texas, 7@l2c
- Merchandise.
Pin IRON-Dull, easy: American, 810 25®
12 50.
COPPER— DuII, nominal; lake. Sll@ll 25.
LEAD— Barely steady: domestic, S2 95.
TIN-Dull; straits. 313 60@13 60.
PLATES— Firm, quiet.
SPELTKR-Doll: domestic 84 60.
CHICAGO MAKKKTS.
. CHICAGO, lit, July 21.— T0-day's session of
the Board of Trade was absolutely the dullejt In
many weeks, the .pits at times being practically
deserted by the speculators. In wheat the govern
ing influence was the New York stock market,
and as it varied so did the wheat prices. As stocks
showed a tendency toward a firm feeling wheat
maintained a steadier tone, but the aggregate of
business was comparatively infinitesimal. The
talent said that the uncertainty arising from the
existing po'itlcal conditions was the mainspring
upon which the movement of trade depended and
the ventures of moment were not taken in conse
quence thereof.
Receipts in the Northwest were quite heavy—
414 card, against 258 en the same Uav last year
and 497 on Tuesday last. Receipts at Chicago
were 459 cars, of which 442 were new. and the
withdrawals from store aggregated 88,000 bushels.
Liverpool cables were somewhat steady at un
changed prices. The Atlantic seaboard clearances
for twenty-fuur hours amounted to 435,000
bushels. Continental cables were generally
higher. Brad street's report of the world's visible
supply showed a decrease of 1.848,000 bushels.
On this and the large export clearances the market
closed steady. September wheat opened from
56Vrc to 66S/ 8 @56%c, sold between b7V @s7Vic
ana 56V4@5t>VsC, closing at &6%@67c, %c higher
thau yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-mor
row, 195 cars. ...
CORN— weather was very bearish for corn
this morning, and offerings were large In conse
quence. The cables showed a decline of 1,4 c, and
the ieellng throughout the session was easy.
Here, as in wheat, the business was very light.
The receipts were away abov*> the expectations.
608 cars arriving, while 570 were estimated.
Withdrawals from store were light, 111, bush- i
els, and this was an additional dumper on trading.
Export clearances were 138,033 bushels. Brad
street's report on the world's visible supply placed
the decrease at 896,000 busies. September corn
opened at 26V*c, sold between 26% c and 26Vs@
26V4C, closing at U6V4@263/gc, unchanged from
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 200
cars.
OATS— General debility was In command of this
cereal, and judginir from the appearance of the pit
an electrical battery would have been necessary to
put life into the trade. Receipts were 342 cars and
K6,905 bushels were removed from store. Brad
street's showing was a decrease of 1,245,000 bush
els, and*this checked a further decline. Septem
ber oats closed at 8 c under yesterday. Estimated
receipts for to-morrow 170 cars.
FLAX— Was easier: cash. 72%©72% c; Septem
ber, 72V4@72%c: December. 74@74%c; January,
74i4@75c. Receipts were 59 cars.
PBO VISIONS— Showed an almost panicky
feeling with all sorts of product at the low prices
on general decline. At one time pork showed a
decline of about 25c per barrel, which Is a' most
tne lowest price ever touched for this product—
86 02% last : July. Lard and ribs followed
suit for the record play and declined to near the
lowest figures ever made. September pork closed
15c lower, September lard 7%c lower, September
ribs 5@7%c lower.
15 TT it — Opened quiet and featureless.
Creameries— Extras, 14% c: firsts, 13014 c; sec
onds, 10c; imitations, fancy, 12c.
EGGS-Held steady. Really fresh, loose, 9%c
?. doz; . rebandled, 9%@10c: . shipping order, 10c :
Southern. 9c ¥• doz.
MON El— Steady at 6@8% on call «nd 6* or time
loans.' .Sew York exchange was quoted at 65c
discount.
. Clo«ln<r Price*.
WHEAT— 665,4@55%c; September, 66%@
56 %c: December, 59c. '
CORN-July. 26%@25%c: September. 26V*@
265/»c: Mar. 28% c/ *-„
OATS — July, 168/sc; September, 17V c; May,
20@20y B e. 7 '
POBK— September. $6 25: January 87 02%.
LAKl>— September, »3 36. January, *3 72%.
i.ii..-.- Sepiemoer, 83 32% ; Jan nary, S3 47%.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111. July 21.— Cattle—
The market was fairly steady for natives and a
fair demand from all classes of buyers. The light
varieties of hogs were in good demand, bnt the
heavy hogs were again dull and weak. Sheep—
The decline was checked by the light receipts to
day. ■
CATTLK— Becetpts. 5000. Fancy beeves, #4 60
@4 60; choice 10 prime, $4 25@446; good to
choice steers, 84 10@4 20; medium steers, 83 76
@4: common to fair steers. $3 40<i$3 65; feeders,
»3 30@3 80: common to choice stocker*. 52 20@
3 *J0; bulls, choice to extra, $2 75@3 -6; bulls,
poor choice, 81 76@2 70; cows and D-'ifer*, extra,
83 70(5.4; cons, fair to choice, %'i 4D@3 50: ■ ows,
common to fair canners. 81 10@2 25: calves,
good to choice. $5@5 65: calves, common to good,
83 20@4 00: Texas grassi $2 6U@3 10: Texas
fed steers. $3 20<a3.70: Texas cows, bulls and
oxen. 8202 85; milkers and springer*, per head,
$20@37 50; Western range steers, S3 10@3 80.
HOGS— Receipts. 13.000. Heavy packlns ana
shipping lots. 82 76«2 90: common 10 choice
mixed, fz 8O'a:-i 40: choice assorted. 73 6O'A3 70;
light. 83 30@3 36; pigs. 9383 50
Mi k.r.i-— lttcti|,i*. lO.OOu. interior ut cAOioa.
«2(a3 25: lambs, 83 40 25. .
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 22— Porter, Bros.
Company sold California fruit at open auction to
day as' follows: Hums— Japan, 81 25@2 30 half
crate: Abundance, 81 20; " other varieties, 80c®
81 20.; Pears— Bartletts, 81 40@2 20 per, box;
Souvenir de Congress,. $1 60. Prunes— Trazedy,
81 05@l 30 per half crate: Herman. «1 10.
Peaches— Early Crawfords, 75c®81 15 per box-
Imperials. 45@75c. .: ,
CHICAGO. 111.. July 22.— Porter Bros. Com
pany soid California fruit at open auction to-day
as follows: Pears— Bartletts. 85c@$l 40 per box.
Prunes- Tragedy, 95c@»l 35 per half crate.
Plums-Burbank.9sc@sl 50 per half crate; Peach,
45c@$l 30; other varieties, 4f>c®s) 10. P-ucbes—
Foster, 75c@«l 10 per box: Early Crawfords. 65®
80c; | other varieties, 35@75c. Graces- Fontaine?
bleau, 60c per half crate. . "
NjbV. \olilw STOCKS.
Bond*. Kxchangd, Money and Railroad
; Share*.
Money on car firmer at '.'r<S3 ; last loan at 2%
and closing offered at 2%. I rime mercantile pa
per. sV»@6£ dar silver, 68% c. Mexican dollars.
58%@54%c. Sterling Kxchanse easier, with actual
and 84 *°,% lor demand. Posted rates. 84 88%
@4 89%. Commercial bills, $4 «JB%@4 87Vy. Gov^
ernmaail bond* firm; State bonds quiet; railroad
bonds steadier, silver at the board was arm-
ClMmso KTOCK* '
Am Tel A Cable... .88 j Norfolk * Westrn. 5
AUihlson. JiaJ Preferred......... 11%
•". Preferred.. ......." 16% .Northern Pacific. of?
Adams Express... .l 47 Preferred. 13 '"
Alton. Terre Haute 68 - -Northwestern . 93ia
American Express) OS Preferred. ' 14b
American 66% N. Y. Central 91
' Preferred 92 N.Y.,Chicago*'si; ; 10
BayStateGas...... Ib I Ist preferred 70
Baltimore & Ohio.. 16% id pre»erredV ! " 23
Brunswick Lands.. % N. V.A N. H."""163
kuffulo, Boch AP. 22 - N. Y. * New Eng. 34
Canada Pacific... 59 0ntari0..;;;......"/, 11%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1896.
Canada Southern.. 44 |N. V., Susq A W... • 7>A
Canton Land 60% Preferred......... 17%
Central Pacific...,. -14 Ontario 4 Western 13
Che* «£ 0hi0....... IHI4 Oregon Improvmnt " %
Chicago Alton. 150 I Preferred.........—
Preferred 170 Oregon Navigation 12
Chicago, B. & Q.... 63% Oregon Short Line. 10
Chicago <& K. H1... '40% Pacific Ma 11........ 17%
Preferred. - 96' Peorla, D. & Evans 1%
Chicago Ga5........ 51V4 PltUburg & W. pfd 15
Clevedk Pltubqrg..l64 Pullman Palace.. ..143
Consolidation Coal. 31 Quicksilver......... 1%
Consolidated Gas.. 148 Preferred .: 18
C. C. C. <fc St. Louis 22% Beading 10%
Preferred -79 BioGrande&Westa 15
Colo. Fuel Alton.. 17% Preferred 40
Preferred. 100 Kock 151 and........ 64'
Cotton Oil Cert .... B^4 Rome Wat<&Ogden.ll3
Commercial Cable. 125 St. L. <fc S. W....V. 3%
Dei. Hudson^.;.., 117% Preferred......... 8
DeLLaok<&Westrn.l4s St. Pau1............ 69Vi
Denver R. Q 11% Preferred. 1833,4
Preferred. 43 St. Paul A, Dulnth. 16
Distillers .11 Preferred. 87
General Electric. 22% St. Paul 4 Omaha. 34
Erie.. ....-..: 138/, Preferred. 122
Preferred 29%!8U P. M. & M..;... 108
Fort Wayne. 163 |snver Certificate*. 69
Great Northern pfd 108 Southern Pacific. 18
Green Bay % Southern K. 14 7%
Harlem 284 Preferred. 20%
Hocking coal Vs Sugar Refinery ....102
Hocking Valley.... 15% Preferred 96%
Homestake. 84 Term. Coal & Iron. 15%
H. & Texas Cent... Preferred. 90
Illinois Central..... 90 Vt Texas Pacific 6Vs
lowa Central 6 Tol. A. A.<& N.Mich.—
Preferred.......... 211 |Tol. A Ohio Cent... 30
Kansas & Texas... lOVt Preferred. . . 70
Preferred 17%Tol.8t.Louls<fcK.C. 6
Kinestondt Pern... 3 Preferred -6
Lake Erie & Westn 1 4 2 Union Paclnc 6%
Preferred 61 U. P. Den A Gulf.. 2
Lakeshore .:.... 139 U. & Cordage...... 8%
National Lead 18% Preferred. 7%
Preferred 80% Guaranteed 16%
Long Island 72 U. 8. Express 40
Louisville & Nash. 46% U. H. Leather 6V a
Louisville Na* Ob 6 Preferred......... 46%
Preferred. 13 U. St Robber 16
Manhattan Con sol. 93*4 PreferrM.. ....... 70
Memphis <& Charts. 16 rtica &B. 81iWr..160
Mexican Central... 7 Wab. b. L. & PUO.. 6%
Michigan Central.. 92% Preferred 18%
Minn<fc&L. Wells-Fargo. »0
Preferred — Western Union.... 77%
Minn A St. Loom. 12 Wisconsin Central. 1V»
Ist preferred..... 66 Wheeling <St L. S.. 7%
preferred ...... 8,7 . Preferred. 25
Missouri Pacific. .. 18% Am Cotton Oil pfd. 39
Mobile* 0hi0..... 15 W. U. Beef 6%
Nashville 4 Chatt. 27% Ann Arbor 6
National Unseed.. 15 Preferred —
N. J. Central 89 Brooklyn Traction. 19%
North American... 3% Krie 2d pfd. 16%
CXOHINM BONDS.
I' P4*. registered.. M KT2ds.i. 62%
Do coupon.... 107 Do 4s 78
V 8 4s new, regstrdlia% Mutual Union 65!.. 108
Do 4s, coupon.... 113% N J Cent Gen 55. ..116
Do 2s 96 'Northern Pao lsts.ll3
1>055.... 110 I Do2ds 106
J>o 6s. coupon.. -.111% Dotfds 65%
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols.l 3B
Do 1897.... 100 Do deb 5s 107
Do 1898 10U OB&Nlsts. 106
Do 1899.... 100 StLttlronMtGen 6s 65%
Pacific -in of '95....- — St L S F Gen 6s. 103
DCS-655...........109Vi8t Paul Consols.... 124
Ala Class A 45..... 90 St PCA Pa lsts...H7
Do Class B 4, 55.. 102 Do PacCal 15t5..110%
LaConsol4s 93 Southern R R 65... 83
Missouri funding. Texas Pacific lsis. SO
N Carolina con 65.. 115 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 16%
Do 45. ..'..;......% 96 Union rac lsts 96.103%
So Carolina 4%5...100 West Shore 4s. 103
Term new 3s 76 I Mobile A Ohio 45.. 68%
Va«undlngdet»... 66%. B Grande West lsts Ba Va
Do registered Ches * Ohio 55.... 105
Do deferred 65... 5 (Atcnlson 4g. ....... 74
Do trust rcpts st. « Do 2ds A 33
Canada South 2ds.. 102% GH A 8 A 6a 101
CenPaclstaof '95. 99% Do2d7s. 96
Den AR G Ist 1 10 m A Tex Cent . 106%
Do 45... .r.. .....;. 89 Do con Bs. 103
rte2ds 59% Beading 4s 74
Kansas Pa Consols 68- Missouri «s 100
lis Pa lsu Den dlvllo%
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHKAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL. Eno., July 21.— spot market
la steady at 5s 4d@s 4 y 2 d. Cargoes easier at 265,
prompt shipment.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Bed Winter: July,
4s 10% d: August, 4s lOl^d: September, 4s 10% d;
October, 4s 10% d; November. 4s 10% d.
' SKCI-BITIES.
LONDON, E.vo., July 21. — Consols, 113%;
silver, 31 %d; French Rente*, lOlf 97%&
1-.X< UAMiI. AMI BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — 84 88%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 489%
Sterling Cables. :...... — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 06
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07%
Fine Silver. ounce. — 68%
Mexican Dollars 54 64%
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS..
- WHEAT FREIGHTS— quiet at 26s 3d as
a nominal quotation. The chartered Wheat
fleet in port has a registered tonnage of 49,600.
against 23,800 tons on the same date in 1895; dls
en<aeed, 37,875 tons, against 1521: on the way to
this port, 1.748 tons, against 76,200. ■
WHEAT- The Celtic Monarch takes for Liver
pool 60,141 etls, valued at 969,473
Quotations show no change whatever and trade
is very dull. No. 1, 93«4@95c: choice, 96i/4t097V-jc
lower grades, 87»A®9VJi^ l c; extra choice for mill
ing. 91@1 10 9 ct£
CALX. BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— 400
tons, %c ,
I'.khilak Morning Session — December— 2oo
tons, 98 % c.
A KB NOON SESSION — NO sales.
BARLEY— The market Is very quiet all around
and prices are easy We quote Feed, 67W*70c «l
ctl; Brewing, 76@80c ■$ cil. . wp " w ' p
, . CALL BOAHD BALES. .
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
RKGT7LAR Mobsixo Session— December— 200
tons 69V2C
afiebnoos Session — December— 200 tons.
69S 8 c; 100. 69ViC. *
OAT The market roles dnll at the old prices
Milling, 85@90c "& ctl: fancy feed, 9O@92V^c « ctl
good to choice, 8ay 2 @9oc; common to fair. 72>A(a
80c; Gray, 80@82i^ l r: surprise, 96c@91 021*.
CORN - Qoiet, with ample offering, targe
Yellow, HH3/i(dt)sc; Small Round do, 97^c; White,
77%@82%c fi ctl. ■
RYE-continuesdull at 72%@76c V ctl for old
and 65c for new.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLBTUFFS.
• FLOUR - Fair trade at the recent decline.
Net cash prices are as follow*: Family extras,
93 60(3,3 70 H bbl; Bakers' extras, 93 40©3 60;
superfine, 92 7&@3. ■
< OKNMEAL, ETC.— Corn, 919 60@20:
Cracked Corn, 920 60@21 V ton.
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trivia: Graham Flour,
2 3 /ic; Rye Flour, 3Vic; Rice Flour. 7VaC; Corn
meal,2%@;jc; extra ciearn do.Si^c: Oatmeal 92 90-
Oat Groats, 4c; Hominy, 4®4iAc; Buckwheat
Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3%c; Farina, 4J&C
whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4^ic; Pearl
Barley, 4V3C; Split Peas, 4*/ 4 c; Green do, 5V4c
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF*.
BRAN-91S 50@14 60 for the best and $12 60
@13 9 ton for outside brands. 3555S
,MIDDLINGS-515@16 » ton for lower grades
and 917@18f. ton for the best.
.FEKDSTUFFB Rolled Barley, 916@15 60: Oil
cake Meal at the mill. 921 ton: jobbing, 922 ■
HAY— market is heavily overstocked and
weak at the decline. \Vneat, 97@IU: Wheat and
Oat, 96 50@9; Oat. $6<g,B; Barley, 96@8; River
Barley. $1 60@6: Alfalfa, 96 50®6 60; Clover
S6@7 50. • . ... ' .
STRAW— 3o@4ocf> bale. '
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS- Inactivity still characterizes the mar
ket. Bayos are quotable at 90c@91 ; Small Whites,
91®1 16 <£ ctl; Pea, 91@1 25 * ctl; Large Whites,
90c@9i 10* ctl: Pink, 70@80c: Reds. 91@1 20:
B:acke-e. 91 25@1 60: Red Kidney, nominal-
Llmas. f2(g,2 30; Butters, 91@1 60.
BSEDS— Brown Mus.ard Is quotable at 91 60®
2 25 $ ctl; Trieste. $2@2 60 « ctl; Yellow Mus
tard, 91 40<jBl 50;Flax,9i 70®l 80; Canary, 23ic
V- lb; Alfalfa, 7V2@»ViiC V ft; Rape, 2Vac*tt:
Hrmp, 3V2C V tt>. •
., DX "- ; » *" EA3 1 25@1 40 * cU for NUes and
91 26@1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES - Weak and plentiful. Garnet
Chiles are quotable at 60(*70c %4 ctl; Early Rose,
in sacks. 25@45c; Early Rose In boxes. So<£soc-
Burbank Seedlings. 25@65c "#, ctl lor Rivera and
76c@$l for San Leandni. ■
ONIONS- White, 30@40c; Red, from 20c » sack
down to nothing. :
VEG KTABLE3— Corn is lower. Tomatoes have
declined sharp. y. ' Egg Plant, Green Okra. cu
cumbers and Peppers also sell at reduced prices.
Grt-en Corn, VSSc^l & sack: Alameda Corn, 91 25
@1 75 » crate: Berkeley Corn, 76c@91 fl crate
bummer uaß h, 16@26cfor Bay; Ekg Plant, 60c@
91 V box: Tomatot-s, 76c@91 for Rivers and 18
®40cfor Vacavllle;i ucumbern In small boxes. 35®
40c; ■ Alameda Cucumbers, 7 6c@91; Asparagus,
91 25@2 75; Green Peppers. 26@40c fi small box
and • 6O'gi7sc fi large box for Chile and 7flc(itSl
for Bell; Green Peas, 60e@91 ft sack for com
mon and 2@2 Vic f* Ib for Garden; String Beans,
60((g91 f>. suck: Green Okra, 76c@91 box-
Cabbage, 40c V ctl; Carrots, 25@30c |i sack; Gar
lic,' 2@2Vac V tb. '.'■"•• '
BLIIKR, CHEESE AND EGOS.
. BUTTER— is .very firm at the advance, with
light supplies. '
■ Creamery— Fancy, 17©17^,c with sales of spe
cial brands at 18c; seconds, 16V4@16Vic Tft lb ■ '
Dairy— Fancy, 15i^,r<£16c: good to choice, I4<a
16c: lower grades, l'-'@l3c , ; -...-.. -™.
CHEESE— stocks continue to decrease and the
market is In good shape. Fancy mild new, 7@7y 3 e
common to good, 6@6>/iic: Cream Cheddar, 9@loc:
Young America, 7@9c »1 Ib; Western, 10@llc;
Eustern, lipi.Sc -- : ; .. . 7 : ■ .
• EGGS— Another advance in ranch Eggs is noted
The market for all kinds Is steadily improving'
Store Eggs, 10@llc » doz for poor and 12@13c for
strictly good; ranch Eggs, 14@lhc; Duck Eggs,
13@14c • •• , • ■ . ... , .
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULT car of Eastern s«ld at 14c for
Turkeys, $5 60@6 for Hens, < B<i@6 50 for young
Koostf-rs. ?s@a 60 tor old Boosters, 84 for Fryers
and $2 75 for Broilers. " ' ;
; Domestic Poultry Is generally lower. Live Tur
keys, 13@13c ■$ m for Gobblers, 12©13 c%* tb f or
Hens: you nir Turkeys, 17@19c: Geese, ft pair, $1;
Goslings. $I®l 60; bucks, $2 5003 50 V doz for
old and $3 50@0 for young: Hens. 84<£>5; Boosters,
young, *5©7: do. old. ?4@4 50: Fryers. $4@4 60:
Broilers, »3(g>3 50 for large and $1 50<a2 50 for
small; Pigeons, . 81 25@1 60 i* doz for young and
Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Apricots are not as firm. Peaches are weaker,
though some Sawyer's Seedlings brought 90c H
basket. Apples are doing better. * Igs' are still
scarcer and higher. Plums are steady. "
Red Nectarines, 60@76c: White, 26®50c $ box.
Peaches, 25«.*>0c » box and 30@65c V basket, 1 ■
Plums. as@76c V box and 76@85c f. crate. Jap
anese P. urns, 75c<i$ 1 ¥ box.
Apples, 75c@$l ft box for choice and 85@66c for
common. ....■-.-
Crabapples,' 25@50c * box.
Pears, 30&50 C%i box; Bartletts, 50@75c $ box
and 820 -£ iou. - . . ■ ;. ,
Apricots, 35@66c * box: 826@30 9 ton In
bulK for the general run, with sales of poor at $20
@j!2 60 and of choice at *32 60. . - . :
Figs, 60@76c » cox for single and $1 60 V box
for double layers, l ■ ; ■
BERRIES- . . .. . , . ;
Strawberries, 82@4 » chest for Longworths and
81 50(g,L SO for larue berries. -
Kaspbe-men. 83<£4 * chest. • '
Blackberries. $ 2@2 60 V chest.
Currants, 82 50(^4 f> chest.
(I «A PES— Vacavllle Sweetwaters and Fontalne
bleaux, 60@75c $ box and 50cO81 % crate. ' Art-
Grapes, $1(01 25 for White and 81 crate
lor Black. A carload arrived from Arizona, but no
pr:ce was quoted for IU - :
MELONS- Watermelons, 810020 ■$ 100. Canta
• loupes, * 2 60@5 * dozen. . . . - - ■...».;
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. 88@3 76 » box for
valencias and $2@3 for Mediterranean Sweets and
St. Michaels; Lemons, 81 60@U 50 for common
and 83@4 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, 81 25
@1 60 « 100; Bananas, $I@2 9 bunch; Pineap-
Pies, 81@4 dozen. . ■
, DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
New Apricots are very dull at 5 %@6c 1% Ib In the
sweat-box: 6V4@6%c f. o. b., coast and 6%@6%0
San Francisco.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as follows :
Carload Lots— Apples— l%@2c f» Ib - for ; quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4(»4 Vic for evaporated:
Peaches, 3@sc and 6c for fancy; Apricots. 6%@
6%e for prime to choice. for fancy and 10@l lc
Vtb for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 2 Vic for un
pressed; White Figs, 4c in sacks; Years. 7c « Ib
for evaporated halves. 3%®6c ■$> Ib for quarters;'
Prunes. 3 Vic $ lb: Plums, 3%c Tj* Ib for nitted and
l%@2c Or unplug Nectarines, 3%@5c ¥ Ib for
prime to choice an<? 5%c for fancy. . •
Jobbing Pricks — Evaporated Apples, 4@sc
* Ib; sundried, l%@'.'c; Peaches, 3%@50 and 6c
for fancy; peeled In boxes, 12%c $ lb; Prunes, 3%c
for four sizes, 4%c for 4O@so's and 4c for
50@60's: Apricots, 6@7c for prime to choice,
10@ll for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black. 3%c;
White Figs, B@6c; Pears, 8c f. !b for evaporated
halves and 4@7%c for quarters: Plums, 3%@4c
for pitted and I@l%o for unpltted; Nectarines,
4@sc %( Ib for prime to choice.
BAISINS— Prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
o. b, Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none: 3-crown,
loose, none; 2-crown, 2%e ~$ S>; seedless Sultanas,
3c; seedless Muscatels, 13/ic: 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c ? box; Clusters, $1 35@1 50: Dehesa clus
ters, $•_> 10(3.2 25: Imperial clusters. $2 60@2 75.
Jobbing Pricks— Four-crown, loose, none: - 3
orown, none: 2-crown, 3%c $ lb. seedless Sul
tanas, 4c $ Ib; seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75©90 c: clusters, 81 60@l 75;
Dehesa clusters. 82 50: Imperial clusters. 82 75.
NUTS— Quotations are as follows: Walnuts, 9@
lie for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c^ tb for paper-shell.
Jobbing lots; Almonds, 6©7% ctb for Lan
guedoc, 2%(^3c V Ib for hardshell and H@loc
%* fit for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 6@H%c
V tb for Eastern and for California: lllcit
ory Nuts, s@6c: Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished; Filberts, B@9c: Brazil Nuts, 7®Bc * Ib;
Cocoanuts, $4 60@5 ? 100.
HONEY— Comb, 10@12%c for bright and 6@9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 5@5%c;
light amber extracted, 4%®4^ic; dark amber, 4(*
4°4c: dark. 2@3c V lb. T ** r^* w
BKESWAX-as@'-'7V<|C g>.
PROVI>IONS.
Hams continue to sell well at steady prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon is quotable at &%c for
heavy, 7%c $ & for light medium. 9@9%c for
light, 10@llc for extra light and .12c for sugar
cured; Imstem Su;ar-cured Hams, 12012 We;
1 California Hams, 10iAi<t.llc * Ib: Mess Beef, 97
<$»-. extra mess do, 98 su<a>9; family do. 910; extra
prime Pork, 98@8 50; extra clear, 914 ¥ bbl;
mess. 912 50@13 '?. bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c * !t>.
LARD— Eastern, tierces Is quoted at s>4c '•£» Ib
for compound and 6V4C for pore; palls, 7c 9 Ib;
California tierces, 4%c for compound and 6c for
pure: haU-bbls, 6Vic; 10-lb tins, do 6-tt>. 7V*c.
COTTOLENE— 5%@6%c in tierces and 6i*@
; 6%c -0 ft) in 10-lb tins. . . .
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL, AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Are dull and unchanged.
Heavy salted steers, 7@7%c; culls and brands,
6@6%c ? Ib; medium, 6@6%c $ Ib: culls and
brands, 5@5%c $ ft.; light, sc: colls and brands,
•c: Cowhides, o@s%c: culls and brands, 4@4%c;
salted Kip, 5c > Ib; salted Calf, 7@Bc; salted Veal,
6c: dry Hides, 10%@llc; culls and brands, 8@
B%c: dry Kip and Veal, B@9c; culls. 7c: dry Calf,
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins. 20@35c each; Kids, 6c;
Deerskins, good summer, 25(g.30c; medium, 16@
25c; winter, 10c: Shpepslclns,shear]ings,lo@lsc
each; short wool, 20@35c each: medium, 4 0©
60c each : long wools, 50@60c each. Gulls of all
kinds about %c less.'
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3@3i/ic; No. 2,
2%c: refined, 6%c: Grease. 21/4 Cft ft. •
WOOL— The market is completely stagnant and
dealers say they never saw. trade duller. Hum
boldt and Mendocino is quotable at 10©12 c
V- Ib; Valley Oregon, 10@llc ~t* tt>; do lower grades,
B@loc ft Ib; Nevada, 6®9c ¥ Ib: San Joaquin and
Southern Coast, six months, 4@6c; san Joaqifln,
foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc: 'San Joaquln, year's
fleece, 4%@6%c; northern free, 7(g,9c: do defec
tive, fi®6 Vie ft It,.
HOPs- -Yg»4c ? f> for 1896 and 6@7%c for 1896.
There was some inquiry a few days ago, but It
seems to have died down. "
GENEBAL MERCHANDISE.
BAG*— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 25; San {
Quentln, 94 20; Wool Bags, 24%@26%c.
COAL— Wellington, *8 ?l ton; New Wellington,
$8 it ton: Sontbflald Wellington, 97 50 ¥ ton;
Seattle, $5@5 60; .Bryant. $5; Coos Bay, 84 50;
Wallsend. *7; hootch, *7 50; Brrmbo, $7 50;
Cumberland, 91 ]($!-.! in bulk and 913@14 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anturacite Kgg. 91160; Welsh
Anthracite, 98: Cum. el, 97 50; Kock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, 97 60: Coice,
9Uio.lv; In bulk and $13 i* ton In sks.
CANNED FBI" ITS — New pack of Cherries,
black or red— 3-&> extra, $2 80 %4 dozen; 2^2-lt)
standards, 91 65©'.!; seconds, 91 65@1 85. Wnite
Cherries— 3-tt> extra, $3@3 60: 2%-tt> standards,
$190@2 25. Peaches— Yellow, free, gallon pie,
C2@2 60; yellow, cling. 2%-tt> standards, 91 25@
14': seconds, 91 10@l 30; gallon pie, $2@2 60;
white cling, -'>. 2 -It' standards, 91 26@1 45. Apri
cots-95c@91 35: 2%-tt> pie. 75@85c; gallon pie,
f 2@2 '26. Crapes— Uallon pie, 9'2@2 26. . . Rasp
berries—2l/j-lb standards, 91 36@1 80; seconds,
91 30@l 55. Strawberries — 2y a -Ib Btandards.
* 1 36&1 75; seconds, $1 80@l 55. ...
CANNED VEOKTABLbS— Tomatoes, 80c '"$
dozen. 21^-Ib tins. Peas. $I@l 25 * dozen. ■ ■ :
COFFEK— We quote market dull and nominal.
' Costa Rica— ls">i(g.'iOVic for good to prime: 18®
181/2 C for good mixed with black beans; 16<»4(tf
17*4 c for fair; 13%@16%c for common to ordi
nary. ' • " " ■ •*.■/■■> ..■• ■ . ■ > . - ■ -
Salvador— lß®loVic for good to prime washed:
17i/i@iva;c ft & for. lair washed: 19%@20c for
rood washed pfaberry; 17@17y»c for superior un
washed; 163/ @l6%c for good green unwashed;
19@19 Vie for *ood to prime unwashed peaberry. •
■ Guatemala AND Mexican— 2o%@'.2l%c tor
prime to strictly prime washed; 19(jgJi'.»0c . for good
to strictly go d washed: 17%@18%c for fair
washed; 15%@16%cformedlutn; l4Vi@ls%c lor
ordinary: l'4<sl4c tor interior to common; 20>yi@
21c for good to prime washed peaberry ; 19@19 Vie
for good to prime unwashed peaberrv.
FlSH— Pacific Cod, catch of 1895:. 100-Ib cases
quotable at 8c %t tb; 50- bundles. 5c T& Ib; Silver
King Strips. 8c » n>: Narrow-Gauge do, 7c i* Ib;
Tablets, He > lb; >eabright Blocks. 7%c; FaciHc
Herring, 16c 5* box; Dutch do, 90r@9i 10%* keg;
White Fish, $1 50 in half-bbls and 91 76 in kits:
Tongues and Sounds, 912; Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
$25; No. 2, *23; No. 3, 921; tialt-bbls— No. 1,
910 60: No. 2,99- No. 3, 98 50: kits, No. 1,91 76;
No. 2, 91 60: No. 3, 91 36.
QUICKSILVER— Quoted for export at 934@36
* Mask.
OlL— California Castor OH, cases, No. 1, 96c:
bblp, 90>- ft. gal (manufacturers' rates); Linseed
Oil in bbls. boiled; 48c: do raw, 46c; cases, 5c
more; Lard ' Oil. extra winter strained, bbls, 65c;
No. 1. 46c: cases, 6c higher: China Nut, 94 60®
4 80^ case.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE. ETC. — Water
white Coal Oil, In bulk, 12c V gal:' Pear! Oil, in
cases, 18% c; AstraL d0.18%c; Star, do, 18% c;
Extra Star Oil, in cases, 22% c; Elaine, do. 23% c:
Eocene, do, liOVic: Deodorized stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 14c; do, in caies, 19% c; 63° Deodorized
.Naphtha, in bulk. 13c: 63° do, in cases, 18% c: 86"
Gasoline, in bulk, 20c: 86* do. in ; cases, 26c <$ gal.
WHITE LEAD— QuoteU.at6%cH lb.
RED LEAD-Quolable at 6VyC * tb\ .
TURPENTINE-In cases, 390: iron barrels. 84c;
woo:! barrels, 36c * gal. -•• '
CANDLES— Granite ■ Candles, . 6s, ' 16 i oz. ■ are
quotable at 9Vic; do, 14 o& B%c; do, 12 oa, 78,4 c;
do, 10 oz, 7c; ..lectnc-li-lit, Candles, 6s, IB 07.. He;
do. 14 oz, 7%c; do, 12 02, 6%c; do. 10 oz, 6%c:
Paraffine Wax Candles, . white, Is. 2s, 4s, 6s and
las, 14 oz, 9c; assorted colors, same sizes, 10c. -<
LKA! HKi:- Extra heavy Sole, 26@28c; heavy
Sole, 27c. for No 1 and 25c tor No. 2; medium
Sole, 24@26c for No. 1 and *.'2c for No. 2. Light
Sol?, 2a<g,24<: for No. 1 and 20@-'2c * Ib for No 2;
Harness, heavy," 30@i>5c; do, medium, '-'8c: do,
light, iM&USc; Koncli Leather, 18@20; Kips. 940
©IB* doz: Calf, 70@90c; Rough splits, 4@sc • ■
•SUijAli — Western sugar Kenning Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed. 6%c:
Powdered, 6(^c: Fine Crushed,' 5 %c; Dry Granu
| lated, 6c; Confectioners' A. sc; Magnolia A, 4%c;
Extra c, 4V 2 c; Golden C, 4&£e:')ialf. barrels, V4C
more than barrels, and boxes % c more.
SYRUP— Golden, In bbls, 16c;. Black Strap, 10c
<* gal. ' .. ■ ■ -_ ■■ ■ .'■■■■
SAN , FRANCISCO HEAT ■ V MARKET.
: . Hogs are declining again. The other descrip
tions are quoted about the same. Wholesale : rates
for dressed stock from slaughterers are as follows:
. B^ Ei> 'r- Pir, t quality, sc; second ; do,*4%@4S,ic;
third do, 3y 2 fa4c -«i tb. ' . ..' • ' -■-. -- - r •
VEAL- Uirge, 4@sc; small, 6@6c * Ib. • •• .
MI,TTON — Wethers, 5®5%c; Ewes, -, 4y a @sc
LAMB-606C « Tb. J^i^^S^B
PORK-Live Hogs, 3Vi@3V4c « B. for large and
s%c for small and medium; dressed do, 4Va@6c-
TwafPli iTiiinwMiii i ■miimmiiwi' --•-•■ ' '
WOOD, LIMBER, ETC.
Posts. 9@loc each; Redwood, S5 $ cordi Oak,
rough, «6 60: pealed, 99: Pine, $5 75.
TANBARK— 9I4 cord.
LUMBER— Retail prices for pine are: No. 1
rough. 913@17 50 for the different lengths: No. 2,
$11; No. 1 Flooring. 921@26: Lath, $2: Kedwood,
916 for No. 1 and 913 for No. 2; Rustic, 918®23;
Shingles, common, 91 50; Shakes, $9 M.
RECEIPTS OF FKODUCE.
FOR 24 HOITRS.
Flour. qr. sks.... 11.39 a straw, tons 30
Wheat, etls.^^. 1,160 Butter, ctls 172
3#rley, ctls<s>. 10,010 Cheese, ctls 61
' ats, ctls...!?T.. 2601 Eggs, doz 9,060
Beans, sks 1,636! Hides, no 456
Potatoes, sks.... 2,l3BlPel's, bdls 146
Onions, sks 490 Wine, gals. 65,«00
Middlings, sks... 1,625 Quicksilver, flska 61
Bran.sks 2,320! W001, bis 328
Hay, tons. eo^Lnmber, M feet.. 30
THE STOCK MARKET.
Stocks so:d off again yesterday, though the de
cline was slight. Bodie declined 10 61c on the
afternoon call, with free sales.
A gold shipment valued at 823.500, being the
product of one month's run of the mill, has been
received from the Apollo mine of Alaska. -
In the- Consolidated California and Virginia
mine they continue to turn a heavy stream of
water into that portion of the o.d stopes in the
south part of the mine on the 1650 level where
fire and gas exist. The water is said to be doing
effective work. | In the meantime the water In the
bottom of the mine has risen closely up to the sill
floor of the 1750 level.
The Alaska-Mexican Mining Company has de
2,*J^ a quarterly dividend of 10c per share, or
18,000, payable on the 28' h.
The Alaska-Treadwell Mining Company has de-
S-?/ I^.* Quarterly dividend of 37 %c per share, or
5,000, payable on the 28th. This company paid
a bonus dividend of 50,000 in June. -. '
♦ Assessments Tending. '
Following la a list of assessments now pending: ;
_ iDellnqt
CoifPAXT. No. Amu in the Sale Day.
i Board. ,
Mono.... 37 lUi.Jly 3. July 27
Occidental...... 23 15 . Jly S.July 28
Chollar....... ;....... « 25 .Jly 10 .An? 4
£-entuck 12 05 .Jly 17 .Aug 12
Beat* Belcher 60 26 Aug 2 .Aug 37
Hale & Norcrosa 109 lOlAug 9. Sept 4
l.OAiili AL.KS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday :
BKSrtLAB morxivii SlWsrOX rov»orvor'»'» 9jT».
100 Alt*. 08 100 C P0int... 38 200Oph!r . 98
100 81cner....35 2OU 39 800 Potosi... i.OO
600 8A8...... 66800 G &C 71 100 .........1.05
300 Cha11nr...36;96U H&N. . 1.201200 Savae . 69
600 .......36 300Kentuck..07 400 Not.. .64
400. Choir.. ..2. 10 100 Occldtl.. . . 70 200 Utah. .....09
100 CC&V.. 1.65 100 68 100 YJaOK«t..36
160 Court Ophlr... .97
AFTKKJTOOX SKSniOX— isTI.
100 Aita 09 200Ch0ur....2.16 7000cc1d.... 63
100 8e1cher.. .34 50 ........ .2. 1U 700 . 62
100 B A 8... 56 400 C Point. . .88200 ...'"..- . 61
200 ...........67 100Cr55.27.60 650 P0t051...1.06
900 Bodie 65 300 O*C 71 200 Bar. 71
600 ....64 60 ...........78 100 '.'.'..70
600 ......... 62 400 H&N... 1.20 100 72
400 •.. ...61 1000 Kentck..O6 300 8 Nt .....55
300 8u11i0n.. .18 100 Mxcn 64 100 Union ...42
100 ChaUng...36 400 Ovrmn.... IP 200 V Jackt».36
50CCAV...1.85 1
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:'
xjcarT.AH , w ,ov-io : n
200 Aloha.-. .10 7nOCCV. ...1.70100 1.00
200 A1ia...... .08 400 1.65300 . 97
600 Andes. .. .2B 300 Conn 91:400 ...'.""'.■."94
300 Belcner.. .35 200 Con 1m....01 ( 50OOvrmn 18
400 B AH 58VIO0 02 100 PotOjl.Vl.oo
300 ....: 56 800 Crwn Pt... 38800 . 1.02%
100 Bodie 64 400 Exch<jr....Os 400 1.05
500 66500 a*C......71 . 1 00
100 ;...;..... 66 300 400 .'.'... 98
300 Bullion.-. 18 200 HANl.l?i, a 500 5av.. ......
300 ......... 16400 1.20100 69
300 Bui wer... Bß 400 1.1 6 400 .... 70
200Ch11nKe...34 300 ....ly/100 ... "6«
400 Chollar.2.lo 300 Justice... .os 600 Scorpion..os
150 •'......... 2V.300 Mexn.....55 ; 300 58& M....12
400 ; 2.16200 6*400 8 Nt 60
300 .'........2.05,700 Occd 70 400 Union C... 42
600 ...... ...2.00 200 65 200 Utan 09
100.. 1.97% 100 66 SOU X JacK«..3s
100 .1.951 j
AJTKKKOON SKBSIOJf— 2: Vi.
300 Alpha. 11200 CCV... .1. 65,200 0ccdt.....61
100 Alta 08 200 1.67%400 :„ 60
200 Andes.... 2B 300 1.70 200 0ph1r.....94
'-•00 Belcher ..34 200 C Point-. .38 200 ..:........ .99
300 8A8...... 55300 £xchqr...O6 200 Overman" 18
200 ...; 5«l400 G&C 71 100 Potosl..l".00
400 Bodle 63i800 ...... .....74800 .... ..1.02%
100 ...........64 60. .....78i0O I." 1.06
100 .:.... ....;6z 1100 Hdt.N.. 1.20 100 -1.07% ;
100 Bullion... 18 100 .......1.22% 600 BaT« M ■
100 Bnlwer.... 37 400.,;^.. 1.25300 .. .'.'" 71
200 .....84 200 Mcx 54 300 Scorplon..os
300 Caleda....ll '.£OO .............661400 S BAM 12
800 Challge.. .3B 200 Mono ...21 /00 SKv. 61
100 Ch01r2,07% 700 Occd .'.6&'2OU Union..' 42
100 ;.".... 3.1011000 ..........68,300 ■.'....;. . 41
• 400 2.16 300 ....... 63100 Utah 08
60 Conn. 95 600 «-.' 500 V Jcku...35
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, July 21—4 P. M .
Sid. A iked. Sid. Asked,
Alpha Con. ... 09 li Jackson 25 —
A1ta............ 08 09 Julia — 10
Andes...'.-....'.. 28 —.Justice.".'.. 04 05
Belcher 83 35 Kentnck. 06 07
Best A Belcher 56 68 Lady Wash.. . _ 05
80die.;........ 63 «4 Mexican 54 65
Bullion 17 18 Mono ....'.„ 20 22
Bulwer.... 37 39 Nevada Queen. 03 —
Caledonia...... 11 12 Occidental ... 61 62
Chollar 2.16 2.lK)jOphlr. ..,.97 98
Con.Cal<tVa...L6s 1.70 Overman- 19 20
Challenge Con. 37 39 Potosi 1.05 1.10
Con. Imperial. 01 02 Savage. 67 69
Confidence.... 97 1.00 Scorpion 05 06
Con New York — 04;Seg. Belcher... 11 12
Crown Point... 38 40Syndicat« — 06
EastSlerraNev — C4jSilver Hi 11.... 02 03
Eureka Con... — l»5; sierra Nevada. 54 66
Exchequer.... — 06UnionCon 41 43
Goula Curry. 72 73 Utah 08 09
HaleaNorcrs.l.2o 1.25 Yellow Jacket. 85 37
st STOCK. AND BONO EXCHANGE.
.1 ? TUESDAY, July 81-2 P. M.
'. : UNITED STATES BONOS.
.-■•-■. Sid. Asked. Bid. Asked.
V S4soonp. — US 4s reg.. .1063; —
Do new issue — • — -■ - -
MISCELLANEOUS SONM.
Cal-stCMess. — 110y 2 Pacßoll M6l. — -I _ ! :
CalElecLßs - 123 D02d1565... — —
CntraCW6s — 94 P*ORy6s.los 120
Dpnt-stex-cp 95 100 P«tChßy6s. — 107
Kdsn Lares 118 H9V2 Pwl-st RR6* — 116»A
FACHHK6S. - 1051^ Reno, WI4L - 105
Geary-51R55.105 — Sacto P <fe L. — 102 V,
I-osA n<s L 6s. - 99 |t?F&NPRSs. — 99 .
DoGuteed6s — SPRRArIz6s 93 ' aa
Mkt-slCble6sl2O 122y.SPRRCal6s. — llOVa
DoßyCon6s..lo4 1051/4 SPRRCaI ss. — —
NatVin6slst 96 — ,SPBrRCal6s. — 99%
KevCNgK7s. lift 105 SVWater6s.. 118 IJO
NPCRR6S. - 108 Water**. - 9»Vi
N Ry Cal6s.looVi«lU2 BtktnG<tE6s — 100
NBy Cal ss. — 100 SunstT<tT6s- — . — ..
Oak Gas ss. .102 - S»utter-BtHsi
Do is As.. - 106 VUallaWco* - —
Omnibus ba. 118% —
WATKB STOCKS.
Contra Costa 36 38%iSan Jose. . — —
MarinCo.... 60 .; — , |SprngVall«y 96% 96
GAS STOCKS.
Capital 10 261/3 I'aclttc Lizht 491/4 —
Central 95 — San Francsco 88V« 89
OakGLAH 51 63 | Stockton..... -^ wo
lacUaslmp. .— . 86y 3 !
', INSURANCE STOCKS.'
Fireman's Fdl7o ' — ' |Snn ......... 25 ' 60
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS.
AmerBATC. — — LondonP<tA.l3s 130
Anglo-Ca1.... 51% — |London<fesF. — 27%
Bank of Cal.. 225 235 JMerch Ex... 18 ' —
CaISD&TCo -,•' 67 Nevada — - ■ —
First Nat lonl. — 187% Sather B Co. — —
Grangers!... — ■ — j
• • SAVINOH BANK STOCK*. '
OerSAliCo. '- 1360 ■ jSav&Loan.. _ 100
HumbSAL.llOO 1450 Security 235 _ .
Mutual. :*.•...'■—' 40 Union trust. — 800
BFSavUnion — 485 r * .
STBEST RAILROAD STOCK*.
California.... 108 _ lOakSLAHay — 100
Geary-5u..... - 65 iPresidio 7 —
Market-5t.... 41 . 42% Sutter-st — —
POWDKK STOCKS. , .;
Atlantic D... 15 — {Giant Coo. 16 201 A
Eastern D... 76 80 Judson 0...'. - -*
California.... 70 — jViKorU.....* —00c
. . MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 90 — " Nat Vln Co — —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo 14 221/,
Cal Cot MIIU - • - . Pac Anx V A 1 _
Cal Dry Dock - — PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Edison Light 114 11*% Pac Roll Mill - _
Gascon Assn. - - Part PalntCo 6«A .- 7%
Ger Lead Co. 35 _ iPacTrausCo. - 24^
IT a SCO.. 16 IS . PacT&TCo. /0 -r — W
Hutch S PCo 18Vi 19 Sunset T<fcT. 41 —
MerExAssn.loo 110 United C Co. : — 25
M Elec Light — 4^1 ..;. ,• •
BALKS— MI)H->->f« SK3SIOX.
Board—-. "
150 SV Water ..:... .......J.. ...... - 95 60
Street— . ,-• ; .y . ..j. ■_ ••,
10 Alaska Packers' Association 92 60
96000 Northern R'y of Cal 6% 80nd5.... 101 50
■• ■ - "'i.:!.' BALKS- A» TKRNOO.V r.JBS4ro*. .
i Board— ; . :,• . .
; 20 Edison Light* Power C0.!.. 1. ..."... 114 50
60SFOas!lcht .-.......;. 80 00 <
80 ay Water ......*.......* 86 50
.'s'> do do ' ;...... .;.......... 96 75
' Streot — ' • ■ ■ ( . .
99000 Edison Light <fc Power 80nd5. .... 119 00
• ♦ — •
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
E. H. Knight to Nellie L. Knight, lot on N line
of Lombard street, 105:8 E of S;einer, E 69 by N
137:6; aift.
Same to same, lot on N line of Greenwich street,
1H6:6 E of Stelner. W 48 by N 120; also lot on SE
corner Green and Webster streets. E 192:6 by S
137:6: also lot on 8 line of Greenwich street,
206:3 W of FUlmore, S 38:9, N 120, E 38:9 to be
ginning; gift.
William :ind C. T. Nlcol to Alfred Herman (ad
mini.stri.tor of the estate of John J. Batieate), lot
on W line of Broderlck street, 112:6 a of Tonquln.
S2sby W 137:6: 91.
Jos -ph Cantor (by T. E. Ryan, commissioner)
to Security Loan Association, lot on S liae of
Greenwich street, 200 W of Baker, W 25 by S
137:6; 93853.
H. C. StUweil (by same) to same, lot on X Use
of Maple street, 83:11% N of Washincton, N
137^3%- ll, l^' 830 J Olll " 168 - 26:9y a , W
.Dan (?i 97188. Mar/v. Foley, lot on Nff line
Daniel Foley to Mary V. Foley, lot on N\V line
S?, H^7i son street - 109 SW of Tenth, SW 27:3 by
NW 137:6: also lot on SW line of Dore street, 150
oi' °« Harrison, 25 by -SW 85; also lots 936,
938. 940, 942. 944, Gift Map 2; 910
John V. and Luella D. Cook to Edward J. Vogel,
v? .. on s line of Brosnan street, 235 E of Guerrero,
X 20 by S 30: 910.
WilhelminaL. Hasselwander (nee schwerdt) to
Katliarlna W. frchwerdt. undivided two-sixths of
the following: Lot on E line of Lexington avenue
(Stpvenson). 195 N of Twenty-first street, N 22 by
X 75: also Q on E line of Lexington avenue (Ste
venson) 210 S of Eighteenth, 525 by E 80; also
lots 9 and 26. block Q. Park I>ane Tract 3 ; gift.
(.corses and George Moieau to Mary M orcau. lot |
23, block 5. Garden Tract Homestead Association; 1
also lot on .sE line of .spring street, 46 SW of Dna- I
dllia avenue, SW 88 by SK 103:6, lots 25 and 2t>,
I San Miguel Homestead Association; also lot on W
I line of Church street, 196 N of .sixteenth, N 50 by
• W 125: gift.
Martin Buzzinl by T. E. Ryan (commissioner,
to Security Loan Association, lot on E line of San- i
chez street, 215 S of Twenty-third, « 20 by E 92;
94H34
■ Jeremiah Browell to Frank Browe:i, lot on S
line of lombnrd street, 137:6 W of Kearny W
22 by a 87:6: also riglu of way over lot on S line
of Lombard street, 159:6 W of Kearny. W A by S
87:6: 910. ' y
Allison C Bonnell to Isabella Bonnell, lot on E
line of Jones street, ,75 S of Chestnut, S 25 by
137:6; 910.
-' Belinda A. Weed to Alice Weed, lot on W line of
Leaven wort street, 67:6 S of Clay, .W 68:9 by
£ 35; also lots 44 and 45, Section 9, Masonic Cem
etery: SlO.
Estate of Mary J. sannders by Samuel Blair, ex- '•
ecutor, to Samuel ti. Boss, lot on NW line of Te- 1
hamii street, 505 S W of First. SW 22:6 by N W 80; I
also right of way 2:6 feet wide; 91750.
>ame to Andrew Downey, lot on N W line of Ti
buna street, 480 SW of Firs , SW 25 by N W 80
91 8110. '
. William A. Bryant or "Upp, Alice Bryant Upp.
George W. Bryant or Upp and Arthur F. Bryant or
Upp to Margaret J. Wleland, lot on SE line of sa
tornn street. 175 SW of Seventh, SW 24:7 by Mi !
75:910.
Rosetta A. Sedgley .to Theodore A. and Art a
Parker, lot on W line of San Bruno avenue (Ne
braska), 25 S Nineteenth (Butte), S 25 by W 100;
910.
Chauncey W. and Josephine Courtright to
Helen Kaufman, lot on SW corner of Thirty-first
and I streets. W 132:6 by S 100: also lot on W line
of Thirty-eighth avenue, 126 S of J street, S 125 by.
W 120; 910.
A. K. P. Harmon Jr. and George C. Edwards
(executors of estate of Albion K. P. Harmon) to
Katherine A., wife of Thomas D wning, lot on X ;
line of Eleventh avenue, 176 S of M street, S 25 by
E 120:912.
Salomon and Emma Ducas to John and Chris
tine Olsson, lot 1437, Gift Map 3: 910.
Jones, Allen & Co. to Nora Quintan, lots 1 and 2,
block , Silver Heights; 910..
Same to Charles A. Magistra, lot 28, Jones Ad
dition to Falrmount; 910.
Olive M. Arnold to August Jacquemet, lot on SE
corner of Dwight and Yale streets, E 50 by S 100,
portion of lot 8, blocK 87, University Homestead
Association; 910. -
Thomas D. and Teresa J. Brown to Martin T.
Cooney, lot on N line of Plymouth avenue. 250 E
of Patton street, B 25, NICO:S. N W 25:6, S 105:6,
lot 30, block 2, Holly Park Tract: $10.
. . Salomon and Emma Ducas to Max Burkart, lot
on W line of Potrero avenue, 25 t* of Burrows
street, 8 12:6 by W 100, being N half of lot 18,
block C, Haley Purchase; 910.
■ ALAHEDA COUNTY. ■:.
M. Isabel Gould to Charles S. Weston, undi
vided one-sixteenth interest in lot on E line of
Adeline street, 150 N of W Eighteenth street, N
112:6 by E 127. being a portion of plats 330, 331
and 333, Whitchers' map, Oakland; also property
In San Francisco; 91. - . .
F. and Catherine Paoll to Manuel and Maria C
Marshall, lot on E line of Wood street, 50:7 J/i S
of Atlantic, 525 by E 80:7%, being lot 19, block
28. Map of Lands of Oakland Point Ferry Landing
Track 406, Oakland; grant.
Joshua R. Mead (trustee, etc.) et al. to William
Crou Jr., lot on S line of Mead avenue, 137.50 W
I of San Pablo avenue, W 37.50 by S 125.70, being
lot 59 and W half of . lot 60, Mead Park, Oakland;
910. . ■ ' . .
Oliver S. and Mary F. Orrick to Byron L. Daven
port, lot on SK line of Orange street, where same
! would be intersected by the extension NW of divi
-1 sion line between lots 23 and 24, block C, lands of
Oakland View Homestead Association, thence NE
60, SE 120, bW 50, NW 120 to beginning, being
the SW 23 feet of lot 2 and NE 27 feet of lot 3,
block C, lands of Oakland View Homestead Asso
ciation, Oakland; 910.
Lydla W. Wallace to Martha E. Williamson, lot
on NW line of East Twenty-fourth street, 100 NW
of . Eleventh avenue. NW 50 by SW 100, block
143, Clinton, East Oakland : 910. '
-Mountain View Cemetery Association to Abram
W. Nichols, lot 199 in plat 12, Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland Township; 962.
Jessie F. and William A. Subleti to Nellie Ker
shaw. lot on N line of San Jose avenue, 100 Eof
Walnut street. E 60 by N 160, being lot 3 in W
halt of block X, lands adjacent to Encinal, Ala
meda: 910. .
Adeline L. and R. Linden to William P. Kern,
let on N line of University avenue, 280 W from W
line of Shaw Tract, W 50 by N 232, Berkeley;
9100. • ,-■: - . -.., :■
Charles L. and Mary S. Lombard to Orpha S trite
(wife of S. H. Strite), lot on N line of Mattie ave
nue, 43.79 E of Park street. E 43.79. N 93.70, W
40, S 76.89 to beginning, being lot 41, block C, Par
sons Golden Gate Tract, subject to mortgage, Oak-'
land Township; $10. .<..- » -~^~
George H. and Rebecca P. Pierce to William H.
Marslon, lot on N line of Vine street, 100 X of
Arcn, N 122.50, E 42.80, b> 119.40, W 42.96 10 be
einning, being portions of lots 21 and 22, Berkeley
View Homestead Association, Berkeley; 910.
Charlotte and Albert Wilford to Harry H. Bay
liss, lot on SE line of Lieie avenue. 290 NE of East
Fourteenth street, NE 60, SE 138.23, SW 60, XIV
138-48, to beginning, being lot 15. block A, cor
rected map Linda Rosa Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: 910.
Lena Rogg to Bertha F. Cox, lot on W line of
Frultvale avenue, 825 N of Hopkins street, N 50
by W 140. lot 21, block B, Dimond Tract, Brook
lyn Township: 95.
J.R. Dixon, guardian of the estate of Henry S.
Dixon (insane) to H. V. Morgan, lot on NE corner
of Park and San Jose avenues, N 57:8 by E
128:31/4, being lot D, block 46, Alameda Park
Homestead, Alameda: 91900.
H. V. Morgan to the American Christian Mis
sionary Society, same, Alameda; $10.
John Caperton,' Susan and John C. Hays and
Bettie B. Muilln to Charles H. Naylor. lot on N
corner of Versailles avenue and lands of FUzalra
mons, said beginning point being distant 268 N
from . point or intersection 01 Versailles ' avenue
with SW line of Central avenue, thence NW 138 by
SW 45, Alameda; 945.
. Braiders' Contraots,
J. F. and Charlotte V. Bird with E. Douglass A
Co., to erect a one-story cottage on S line of Lower
Terrace, 344:9 W of Serpentine place; 91260.
Peter Mulligan with Westerlund and Sandeen,
to erect a two-story building on W line of Hyde
street. 112:8 N of Pacific, Mahoney & Rylands
architects; $2832.
Georce D. Toy with James A. Wilson, brick and
torra-cotta work, etc, for a three-ston- brick
building on W line of Powell street, 68:9 N of
O'Farrell, Herman <fe swain architect: $17,075.
Maihilde Schroeder with Richard Fahy, altera
tions and additions to frame building on Cali
fornia avenue, near Virginia; 51350.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
Mrs T M Hoff. N V J Webber. Butte, Mont
B F Smith, Sacto .Mrs Stewart, N V
D A Butts, Nev E R Gu'chus, Xcv
II Tbrelfall, Irvington M J Gutchus. Nev
B J Wilson, Courtland M J Thorp, Larkspur
T Moyle, Cal J A Brent. Chicago
Miss Anna Hett, Napa Miss Knox. Sacto
F D GilDert, Minn J A Andrews, Los Ang
I)r Bush <fe son. Fortuna E H Ebell, Sacramento
B s Fame. Pa W T Cope <fc wf, Ma Cruz
J H Herold. Cal W I* Coates A wf. Fresno
Miss Kerold, Cal A B I.emmon. Santa Rosa
J L Gillis A. wf, Sacto L Hensly, Cvi
B F Lewis. Modesto L Lew, Stockton
N Kailke. Fresno W H Davis, Detroit
R McGorvey, I kiah 5 D Tillotson, Redding
Thos A Lay, Great Falls H C Adams, Stockton
Mrs Lay, Great Falls Mrs B Whitney <fc eh, Cal
Miss Lay, Great Falls Mrs C H Lakeman, Cat
Mrs E T Wilson, Gt Falls T H Grimwood & wf, 111
MrsM Farnsworth.Grand H W Preduu, sacto
Island J McCormick. Redding
J J Morris & wf. Grand T Watt, st Helena
Island H M Wood * wf.st Louis
L D (irant, Salinas T A Tait, Satem. Mass
L F Moulton, Colusa M Craven & eh, Portland
Thos Slbley, Cal
LICK HOUSE.
F B Westcott, St Louis Miss M Wallace, Sacmto
E D Eton, Cal G L Arnold. Los Angeles
1' N White & w, Cblcngo Mis^G Pfterson.Hanford
Miss E saunders, Hantrd G P .Taeobsou, .St Louis
A H Knutsford.S Heleua G D McLean, GrassVally
H W Walker, Redwood C W s Lyle, Cal
J H Logan. *anta Cruz M G Rhodes, San Jose
J H Dale, Milpitas V \V Street, sonora
V Kestano <fe w, sonora H H Hendsch, An. els
H J I.ewelling A fm. Cal Dr A M Gardner, _\upa
Mrs B X Black, Sacrmrn<j Mrs M Lesser, N V
MUs C Lesser, N \ J D Lynch, Los Angeles
J D Gray, Fresno D E Knight, Marysvllle
M M Bcrnheim, Modesto D Schilling. Portland
TW R Grabame, Brsbane Capt Ws Parkson.Sydny
R C Bulmer, U S N Mrs M 8 Huffman. Cal
J R Webb. Fresno
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEU
W J Dwyer. Jackson J C Garron <fe w, Denver
J H Lyons <fc w.Sn Jose Mrs Smith & fm, Cal
L D Robinson, Portland G Hopkins, N ¥
J X Conners, N V Mrs Gamble. Modesto
P DavH, San Jose T S Reynolds, Los Ang
F Fisher, Portervllle Miss Harrineton, Fresno
J M Schofleld&w.Mrced J W Slankard & fm, Ariz
J H Drey, Fresno Mrs Lowhead. Ckiah
G ■ Surgent. N H W Myers, Mich
Mis* E Nicoil.l orenzo E Lynn; Sacto
J Clark & w, .sacio D R Adams, Stockton
H T Unger, Fresno D Leahy, Rio Vista
G M Glazin, Fresno G Z Akawo, Japan
J Church, Lakeport Mrs A Brown, Alameda
Miss Jones, Chicago D J Riley, Montreal
PALACE HOTEL.
L H Wise, New York C E Homer, New York
R Masquina, Japan G Scott it w. New York
W H Cotlin, I' S A J C Graney, New York
S Bowers, Los Angeles J H Klnkead, Nevada
J W Young, -alt Lake J M Green. Wash, D C
Mrs J M tireen, Wash DC B U .-steinman, iSacto
G W Jackson. Sacto S A Morman, Mica
H P Goodman, Napa G \V Coffin, US.V
J Finnelt. Tehama A C Blugham it w, Cal
A B Alhold <& w, Chicago M C Gorgus & w, Pnila
E X Head, Mexico
BALDWIN HOTEL.
O L Barlen <S w, Chicago Mr Johnson & w, N V
E CummlDgs, San Jose P Meny, San Jose
J Nelson, San Jose T A McCune, Cal
T A Ley <fe w. Auburn Mrs Kerpson, Fresno
X Hughes, Fresno Miss M Fergson, Fresno
Miss Jones, Fresno S W de Witt, Wash, D C
F A Shi alley, I. os Angeles D T Colm, Willows
F A Dugan, El Paso T Aobott, El Paso
G T Gordon, Tulare J Collins, Colton
H Smith, Santa Ana
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Sarah R Kay, Watseken J E Potter, Spokane
h E Start, Hpokane A Wheelwright, Spokane
R H McGuire&w, Wash W H Stone, Pawtucket
P Downey, Pawtucket ' J Phillip?. Pawtuoket
J X Polk &w, Chicago « E Proctor. Chicago
W J Johnson, Chicago G W Beed, NY.
W J Wvlie, Ont CH Cramp, Long Island
A J England Jr, Boston B Sullivan, Chicago
B Bates. Courtland W Gilmore, Edison
C E Thurman, Bethel J Black. Montreal
« — * — •
TELE CALL CALENDAR.
fULY. 1896.
Su. Mo. Tu. W. Th. 1-r. Sa. Moon's Phases •
i~~~" • - ~~~ _ • ~*™~ - . . ... . ... ',
12 3 4 ff^Last Qu*rter.
__ ___ V^ July 2.
15 6 7 8 9 10 11 ~~~~ ~
- m - ' ~ • _ gt± New Moon.
: 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 i^ - H£ '.
' •— z^vFlrat Quarter)
19 20 21 22 23 24 25 \J) July 17.
' m* 07 9R on *n m ■ fir\ Full Moon.
• ib 27 28 | 29 30 31 OP July 34.[
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of I>eT)artnre From San Francisro.
BTKAMKR. | DKSTIVATrON-. | SAtH. | PIER.
B.ur«t» .. Newport ...... July22. SAiilPieril
Mexico..!... Portland.— ... Julyi!2.10AM Pier 24
Walla Walla Vic & Pgt Sna July2& 9am Pier 9
Mariposa...'. i Sydney July23. Oceonio
Truckee ..Coos Bay.....'. July28. 5 pm Oceania
Santa Rosa. San Diego Ju1j-5i4.11am Pier 11
Pomona. aumboldtBaj I Jnly24. 2pm Pler9
*ra«o .. Coo» hat Ju1j-24.1Oam Her 13
et Paul.. Newoort ...... July26. 8am Pier U
Del is one .. Grays Haroor. Jaly2t>, 4pm , ..........
Colombia... Portland July27,10AM ! Pier 24
CmaiUla.... VtcdtPKtSnd July2». 9am Pier »
. orona Sau Diego..... Jul.va8.llAM ; Pier 11
City Sydney Panama....... Jnly38.1» m \ P M89
Weeou Eel Kiver JuiyJ8. 6pm Pier 13
Snnol Grays Harbor. Jnly28.12 m t Pier 'i
*aralion... \ aantna Bar.. July28. 5pm | Pier 2
Empire Oregon ports . Jnly28. &pm Pier 13
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
at KA Mica I FB'HC I l>r/«
Progressist I Departure Bay ..July 22
Tnickee Coos Bay Julv 22
MacKinaw ...... Tucoma...... ..July 22
Arajro Coos Bay.. July22
Pant* koh.. .... : i-an Diego. July 22
Alcatraz | Vaquiua Bay July 23
Pomona. ! HumDoiac uar. - ..July 23
BtPaal..;. ...... Newport ....."• ..~ ..July24
L'matllla Victoria & Puiet sound ..July 24
Columola ...... Portland Inly 24
Del None : Grays Haroor July 24
Cltvof Sydney. : Panama. ..;. ..July 24
Bunol...... I (i rays HarDor July 25
Empire ' Portlana ..July 25
Orizaba i Mexico... July 25
Pan Hem to Tacoma. July 2.%
Crescent City. Crescent city.. ....... ..July 26
Corona San Diego. July 26
Weeott. ifiei Kiver July 2«J
farallon : Yaautna tay ... — ..July2(f
nre ica „.. Newport ..july28
Australia. Honolulu July 28
City of fueoia.. Victoria <fc Pu«ec Soana \ ..July 29
Mexico.......;.. Portland..... :.....'.. ; ..Julv 29
San Bias ■■ I Panama July 29
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
TV P. COABT AM) GKODKTIO StIBVUT TrBl)
BtTLI/KTIJT PUBUSHKD BY OFFICIAL V
AtTTHORITY OF THE SITPRRTNTKICDIOrT. )
Wednesday, July 22.
Sunrises... 6.04 1 Moon rises
Sun seis 7. 281 Moon sets 2.30 am:
July-1896.
I I Time Feetili^lFestil'^lFeet 7*E1 Feet
B L. W I H W ; L W H W
351 4.14 —1.2 11. 3D 4.6 3.66, 8.6 1 9.35 1 Ki
23, 5.00 —1.5 12.15 4.7 4.34 3.4 10.V6 6,3
94 5.40 -1.4 12.6* 4.8 5.26 3.2 11.16 6.1
251 6.18—1.1 1.30 5.0 6.J6 3.1
H W ! L W H W L W
26 0.05 6.8 6.63 -0.6 2.03 6.3 7.03 2.8
27 0.52 5.4! 7.24 -0.1 2.32 6.2 7.62 2.7
28 1.38 4.9! 7.57 0.6 2.58 6.2 8.42 2.4
Note— In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides ar« given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence at to time. The second tlms
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, ana the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when tnere are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to tha
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
chnrts. except when a minus sign (— ) precedes th*
heiglr, and then the number given is subtract! v»
from ihe depth given by ihe charts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULETTIN
Bbanch Hydboskaphic Offic«, V. S. N., ■»
Merchants' KxcHASot V
San Francisco. July 21. 1898. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hlli was arorjped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120tb
meridian, or exactly at 8 c. m., Greenwich time,
A. F. Fechtkleb,
I.)pntpn»nt T* '-. V in charge.
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE.
Arrived.
TUESDAY. July 21.
Stmr Progreso, Storrs, 82 hours from Seattle;
2676 tons coat, to P B Cornwall.
Slmr Geo Loomis, Briagett, 33 hours from Ven
tura: 6276 bbls oil, to Union Oil Co.
' Stmr Bontta, Conway, 56 hours from Redondo
and way ports: produce, to Good all, Perkins A Co.
Ship A G Ropes. Rivers, 115 days from New
York; mdse, to Williams. Dimond & Co. :
Br ship Brenda. Tulloch.ls6 days from London;
mdse, to J D Spreckels A Bros Co.
sohr Five Brothers, I'.asniussen, 48 hours from
Fish Kock: 90 eds noon, to James Johnson.
[ Schr C T Hill, Rudbach, 10 days frm Grays Har
bor: 201 M ft lumber, to B X Wood Lumber Co.
Schr Eclipse, . Gnttormsen, : 6 'days from Eu
reka; 240 M it lumber, to Chas Nelson.
. Schr Sacramento. . Goodmansen, 3 days from
Albion; 130 M ft lumber, 30 eds bark, to A W
Beadle <fc Co. ■
. Cieared.
TUESDAY. July 21.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Dunham, Portland; N PS
S Co.
Stmr Doric, Smith. Yokohama and Honekon?
via Honolulu: O* OS Co. • «"s*°ng-,
Stmr^ealandia, Hart, Panama and way ports;
P M S S Co. 1 ■
stmr Eureka. Jepsen, San Pedro: GoodalL Per
kins A Co. .
Stmr Mexico, Green, Astoria: GoodaU, Perklm
«fc Co. '
Sailed.
9 TUESDAY, July 21.
Stmr Zealandia. Hart, Panama. . >
stmr Gipsr. Leiand. Santa Cruz. •
Sttur Crescent City, Allen. Crescent City.
Brstmr Doric, • Smith, Yokohama and Hone
kong.
Stmr Laguna, Peterson.
Slmr Weeott, Whitney. Port Kenyon.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson.
Stmr Newsboy. Fosen, Tillamook Bay.
Br ship Celtic Monarch, Morrison. Liverpool
Ship Dashing Wave, Morehouse, Tacomn.
Bark Enoch Talbot, Merriman, Redoudo.
Schr C A Thayer, Lilyqulst. Grays Harbor.
- Schr Nettle Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Teleeraohlo.
POINT LOBOS. July 21—10 r. it— Weather
foggy wind S: velocity. 20 uties.
Charters, j
The Br ship Star of France was chartered prior
to arrival for wheat to Europe. 30s— Is 3d lesa
direct; Br ship Brenda, prior to arrival, 255.
'noK-i. . • * .
Per V'S stmr Mad rona, at Cayucos on July 21,
at 8 a m off San Simeon, Br ship Armida, from
London, for San Diego. .
May ' 9— Lat SS. long 30 W, Br ship Dimsdale,
from Hamburg, for San Francisco. .V; v
: Domestic Port*.
EUREKA— Arrived July 21— stmr Pomona,hnc
June 20: «chr Mabel Gray, from Redondo.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 21— Schr Orient, hne
July 1 : stmr Farallon, hence July 19.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed July 21— Schr C S
Holmes, for San Pedro: schr Excelsior, for Santa
Barbara.
Launched July 21— From Hall's shipyard, schr
James Spears.
STEWARTS POlNT— Arrived July Schr
Archie and Fontle, hence June 19.
TACOMA— Arrive I July 20-Simr San Bonito,
hence June 17, and to sail June 22, for San Fran
cisco. .■■■-.. ■ . .
SEATTLE— Arrived July 18-Nor stmr Transit,
from Central America.' ; ■
Sailed July 21— Ship Spartan, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE-Arrlved July 19-Scar Golden
Shore, from Port Ulakeley. .
Foreign Port*.
ANTWERP— Arrived July 18— Br ship . Sierra
Pedrosa, hence March 11.
' BRISBANE— Arrived July 18— Br bark Inver
estc, hence May 2. . - . . : .
CORK— Arrived July 19— Br ship Duntrune, fra
Oregon
LIMERICK— Arrived July 20— Br ship Western
Monarch, from Oregon.
QUE€NSTi>\VN— Sailed July. 19— Br ship Re
liance, for Blrkenhead.
SWANSEA— SaiIed July 18— Br ship Samoena,
for San Francisco. •• > ...
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed July 15— Br stmr Belgic
for San Francisco. '
ACAPULCO— Arrived July 7— Ger ship Barm
bek, from Cardiff. S '
Movements or Tr»n«- \U>»ntl<j -**:»<• n( , r ,
NEW YORK— Arrived July 21-Strar Massllia,
from Marseilles and Naples: stmr Circassla. from
Glasgow and Movllle. ■ , ...
saueu July 21-^:mr Trave, for Bremen: stmr
Scotta, for Hamburg. ' .
MO VILLE- Arrived out July 21 — stmr
Ethiopia.
LIZARD- July 21-Stmr Havel, from
New York, for Bremen: stmr Obdam, from New
York, for Rotterdam -
N^^^rt^le 1 , 017 21 " Stmr :§*£ Iro -
Ne^lorl^oTE^rpr' al "«-r Teutonic fm
- Importation*.
GOLETA— Perßonita— 1 bale rugs. -
Santa Cni7. Island— l pkg hardware, 5 bdl« dry
pelts, 1 coop chickens. 1017 sheep y
Lompoc Landing— hogs. 2 horses, 12 sks 42
bales seaweed, 16 abalones. 7 «i. abilone
shejls, 18 bxs butter. 372 sks mustard aDalonß
Santa Maria— 2a39 sks barley. ' '
Roclrsldlng No 3-245 sks bituminous rock.
- '■. Consignee*.
t Per Bonlta— M J Brandeusteln & Co- Santa Cru»
Islani Co; H Dntard; Hilmer. Bredhoff * schuli-
A Pallies: S P Milling Co: Hills Bros? Pacing Pa*
ing Co: Getx Bros A Co; AVheaton A Co- H
M Newhall A Co; Dairymen's Union : chaaTeuen; -
Wleland Brewing Co; Standard Oil Co.TRACK ATHLETICS
TO BE BOOMED,
Captain Everett Brown of
Berkeley Talks About
Prospects.
PLENTY OF MATERIAL
Four New Men From South
ern California Will Enter
Next Month.
ATHLETES WANT GROUNDS
It Will Then Be Possible to Hold All
the Games Within an
Enclosure.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 21.— "Track
athletics will be on the boom next term,"
paid Captain Everett Brown of the Uni
versity of California track team to-day.
"A large part of my vacation has been
spent in looking for and picking out eood
men who intend to enter, and urging tbem
to keep in condition, so as to be ready for
the track as soon as they enter college.
We nave four young cracks who will be
here in August, and, together with the
men we have now, I believe that we can
make a much more creditable showing in
the spring meet with Stanford than in the
last intercollegiate.
"These four men to whom I refer are
Broughton of Santa Barbara, a rattling
good 220-yard man; McNab of Riverside,
an all-round crack; Cutter of San Jacinto,
a pole-vaulter with a record now of 10 feet
2 inches, and Birch of Santa Barbara, a
■printer who can now shave :10%.
"Of course we will be at somewhat of a
disadvantage in the matter of training
during tne fall season on account of the
absorbing interest taken in football, and
because of the bad weatber in winter, but
nevertheless we will try to get our muscles
into trim by spring. It will be our single
aim to defeat Stanford in the next inter
collegiate and reeain our lone held pres
tige over them on the track. They are a
wideawake lot of fellows down at Palo
Alto, and will leave no stones in their uath
to defeat us, but we will try to be equal to
the occasion. I can Bafely say that al
though we now have something like $800
in the treasury for an Eastern trip we will
not cross the Rockies until we have de
feated Stanford again and Deaten them
badly.
"What we need most of all now is a new
track, such as we proposed to the Board of
Regents last fall. We must have our
grounds within an enclosure, so as to
charge admission to tne grounds and thus
add importance to our meets, as well as
increasing our treasury.
"If our plans are carried out as we have
suggested them, within this enclosure will
be the running-track, with a straightaway
baseball diamond, football field and tennis
courts, with such grand stands and accom
modation houses as are necessary. We
must have a new track. All intend work
ing for it."
Miss J'eltun Returns.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 21.— Miss Katb
erine Felton, medalist in the class of '95 at
the State University, returned from the
University of Chicago yesterday, where
she has been taking post-graduate work in
political economy for the past year. Miss
Felton will re-enter Berkeley next month
and continue her post-graduate work in
anticipation of the doctor's degree.
In speaking of the University of Chi
cago Miss Felton said: "It is certainly a
very ereat institution. In the number of
post-graduate students at present attend
ing I believe it stands second of ail the
universities in America. I doubt not that
it will soon have the largest number of
students taking higher courses, if its
growth in the future continues in a corre
sponding ratio with the past."
A. O. F. Installation.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 21.— Court Uni
versity No. 7915. A. O. F.. of Berkeley, held
an installation in Odd Fellows' Hall iast
evening, the presiding officers being High
Court Deputy McCracken of Court Advo
cate, Oakland, and High Court ' Deputy
H. Logan of the local order. Following
were the officers installed: Chief ranger,
S. Moorehead; sub-ranger, Harry Jewett;
treasurer, R. BlaKeley; financial secretary,
T. H. Chase; recording secretary, R.
Aston;, junior woodward, A. Richter;
senior woodward, H. Harder; junior
beadle, J. M. Lloyd; senior beadle, Louis
Gaggino; physician, J. T. Farrar.
A banquet followed the initiatory cere
monies, at which speeches were made by
several visiting members, including W.
H. Barnes and W. J. O'Brien of San
Francisco.
Board of Kducation.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 21.— At the
meeting of the Board of Education last
evening reports were received on the con
dition of the plumbing in the already con
demned Kellogg, San Pablo and Seventh
street schools. The report was referred to
the committee on schoolhouses and sites.
Sanitary Inspector Thompson was de
tailed to prepare specifications for a new
plumbing system in the Kelloeg School
which will be opened at the adjourned
meeting of the board next Monday even
ing.
Miss Fox, Miss Hall, Miss Larsen and
Miss Kimball were chosen as new teach
ers. Miss Grazer of the Lorin School was
tranferred to the High School to teach
German.
Firemen to Meet.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 2L-The Lorin
Fire Company will meet to-morrow even
ing for the purpose of electing delegate* to
the fire convention, which will oe held at
the Columbia firehouse on Friday even
ing.
The Beacon Company will also meet to
morrow night for the election of delegates.
The names prominently mentioned for
Fire Chief are D. J. Keane of the Peralta
Company and James Kenny of the Colum
bia Company.
Work Commenced.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 21. -Work on
the sewer system of the new Adeline Sani
tary District was begun yesterday. About
10,000 feet of sewer-pipe is to be laid from
Adeline street to the bay at the foot of
Powell street. The cost of the work will
be about $7000. "Town Engineer Huggins
and Sanitary Inspector Thompson of
Berkeley are engineer and inspector for the
district. It is < xpected that the work will
be completed in about two months.
Their Tin Wedding.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 21.-Dr. John
A. D. Hutton and wife celebrated their tin
wedding last evening at their home, on
Ellswortn street. A lar^e number of invited
friends were present, and the evening was
pleasantly enjoyed with varied amuse
ments.
News Items in Brief.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 21.— Ah Yeu,
the Chinaman accused of stealing a horse
and buKgy from Quong Lee, the Addison
strf»et laundryman, was brought before
Judge Lord yesterday, when he claimed
that he traded with another Chinaman for
the rig. He was remanded to jail and
will appear again on Monday.
The work of renovating the Lorin
schoolhouse is well under way. Tne walls
The Fountain That Horticultural Commissioner Pryal Is Erect i. g in the Miniature Park in the
Exposition Grounds.
have been tinted and the desks are receiv
ing a coat of shellac and varnish. The
two-room addition will be completed about
August 1.
An election of officers will take place
next Monday evenine at the meeting of
the Oriole Athletic Club of Lorin.
The West Berkeley Athletic Club, at
their meeting last evening, finally decided
to hold a dancing party on next Saturday
evening. The club adopted red and blue
as their colors.
Professors. B. Christy, l:ead of the de
partment of mines at the State Univer
sity, and family left yesterday for Grass
Valley on a short vacation.
AMERICAN VOLUNTEERS.
Their Methods Outlined at the First
M K. Church.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 21.— The first
meeting of the American Volunteers was
heid in Oakland to-night at the First M.
E. Church. The attendance was good,
and all were pleased with the addresses
delivered. Major Washington Black
hurst, who represents Commander and
Mrs. Ballington Booth, was the principal
speaker. He said the volunteers were not
a duplicate of the old movement in many
senses of the word. He declared that they
would not antagonize the Salvation Army
or any other religious organization, but
march hand in hand to further the cause.
It is his desire to form a local post as soon
as advisable.
••The Salvation Army has treated us in
a spirit of antipathy," "he said, "which we
Volunteers do not feel towards them in
the slightest degree. We have never
spoken unkindly of the Salvationists and
we are now merely defining and explain
ing our situation without saying anything
against anyone. The Volunteers are in a
flourishing condition and are increasing
eteadily. Thirty branch organizations
have been formed in New York and vicin
ity, ten in Western New York and Penn
sylvania, and forty-two in Chicago and vi
cinity."
THE CITY'S INCOME.
Auditor Snow Tells Where He Expects
It to Come From.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 21.— City Au
ditor Snow has just completed his
annual statement of estimate of in
come for the city of Oakland outside of
the taxes. It amounts to the sum of
$304,125. The various items and the
amounts to be derived from each are:
Liquor licenses, $75,000; billiard and pool
licenses, $575; pawnbroker licenses, $450;
vehicle licenses, $1300; other licenses,
$14,000; dog tags. $2600; City Justice fees,
$750; free library tines, $450; dockage and
wharfage. $5000; Police Court fines, $5000
--permits, $200; school tuition, $4000; State
apportionment, $119,000; county appor
tionment, $73,800; surplus in school fund
1895-96, $2000.
An Editor's Trouble.
OAKLAND, Cal.. July 21.— The case of
Frank Robinson, proprietor of the defunct
Observer, was called in the Police Court
this morning. He is charged witn trans
ferring mortgaged property. The hearing
was set for August 4 at 1:30 p. m.
Edward Beaudry, one of Robinson's
bondsmen, applied to the clerk of the Po
lice Court, Crawford, to have his name
stricken from the bond. He was told to
get the other bondsman and together
come and surrender the defendant to the
officers and his •wish. would be complied
with. Beaudry promised to do this.
Dp. S. JA. Jefferson, President of trie Disciples' Bible
Seminary .Has Arrived in Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 2L— Dr. 8. M. Jefferson, the president of the new Bible
Seminary to be established at Berkeley by the Disciples or Christians of the State next
month, who reached here last week, and an account of whose arrival has been pub
lished iv The Call, is actively engaged in perfecting the preliminary arrangements
for the opening term. A conference will be held In a few days at which the directors
of the new seminary will get their plans into definite and tangible form. The estab
lishment of the seminary at Berkeley promises to add much to the educational stand
ing of the university town.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1896.
STATUARY FOR
A MODEL PARK,
Work Commenced Upon the
Fountain at the Ex
position.
ALAMEDA'S BIG DAT.
The Executive Committee to Meet
Citizens of That Place
To-Night.
CHARITY DAY IS ARRANGED.
Entire Proceeds Will Go to the
Associated Charities Wood-
Yard.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,>
908 Broadway, July 21. f
Horticultural Commissioner Prval com
pleted bis plan to-day for the miniature
park in the exposition grounds. It will
be the most artistic corner of the big in
j closure and the base of the fountain is al
ready well on toward completion.
"This corner of the affair is mine," ?atd
Mr. Pryal this afternoon, "and if it's a
success I want all the credit and if it's a
failure I want censuring. I have sown
around here some plants that have been
seen by but few people in Alameda
County. The name of it is Empborbia
splendeus, but it ia better known as the
crucifixion plant. It is the little red flower
that grows in the region of Mount Calvary
I and which, it is said, turned red as blood
j on the night of the crucifixion of Christ
"The space will be somewhat limited,
bur there will be quite a display. The lo
cal florists and some of the Japanese
flower-growers will help and there will be
a display better than anything yet at
tempted in Oafcland."
A delegation from the executive com
i mittee will visit Alameda Wednesday
evening and will meet the citizens of that
place to arrange for Alameda day. Some
special features will be prepared, and the
I Encinal City will do something note
worthy in the way of advertising itself.
A snecial meeting was held last night to
j make the necessary arrangements for
Thursday, August 6, on which day the to
tal proceeds, both afternoon and night,
will 50 to the woodyard fund of the Asso
sociated Charities.
The following committees were ap
pointed to attend to the details of charity
day:
Booth- Mr?. J. W. Shanklin, Mrs. D. S. Hirsh
bcrp and Mrs. P. H. Templeton.
Programme— Rev. K. B. Chapman, D. Edward
Collins aud Mrs. Paul Lohse.
Advertising— H. M. McKnight, Miss Mollie
Conners, Mrs. William McDonald and Mrs.
H. Rief.
The Associated Charities expect to make
enough money on the day of the benefit to
run their woodyard through the whole
winter.
The applications for space are still com
ing in from 'all over the county, and Su
perintendent Craigie Sharp thinks that
additional space will have to be provided,
although a I urge tent with a wooden floor
containing 8000 square feet has just been
erected.
The exposition will open August 8, and
an attempt is being made to have Gover
nor Buda declare it open.
SUSPECT FIREBUGS.
Haystack Fire* Upcoming Common at
Teineseal.
TEMESCAL, Cal., July 21.— Two fires
occurred here Saturday night that has
strengthened the suspicion that incen
aiarism has been practiced. Both fires
were haystacks.
About 11 o'clock, as George McClellan
was driving along College avenue, he
passed a cart and horse standing along
side of a field belonging to a Mr. Smith.
Shortly after he was overtaken by a man
driving a horse and cart, which he recog
nized as the one he had passed. At the
same time be saw Smith's haystack blaze
up.
The driver wa3 stopped by McClellan
and taken back to Smith's house. Mr.
Smith ident : fied him as a Portuguese
with whom he had had trouble. As Mr.
Smith's loss was quite large it was decided
to hold the Portuguese pending an investi
gation and he was sent to the jail.
The second nre occurred immediately
afterwards on the property of Mr. Mc-
Adam, near the schooihouse. His entire
stock of hay, valued at $250, was destroyed.
It is thought that tnis fire was incendiary,
too, although there is no positive proof of
the fact.
RUSS ELECTED IN A RUSH
School Directors Violate One of
Their Own Rules, and Are
Not Warned.
Secretary McClymonds Broke His
Record by Forgetting for the
First Time in Office.
Oakland Orricr.. Sa>- Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 21. f
The members of the Board of Edu
cation were considerably surprised
! this evening to find that they still
1 had a vacancy in the High School.
j Last evening, upon the selection of J.
!T. Draper of the High School to fill
the position of teacher of natural science
in the Central Grammar School, the board
went into executive session and wrangled
for nearly an hour over a choice for teacher
of drawing.
Some of the members would not vote at
all, while others tried to make them.
Finally they tired of that task and took
up the matter of a teacher to fill Mr.
Draper's vacant chair. This was an easy
matter, and Raymond Russ, O. H. S., '92,
and U. C, '96, was readily elected.
Russ is the son of ex-school director
John Russ. and is well known.
The election took place in open board,
with no opposition, but in this the mem
bers of the board overlooked a sentence in
section 65 of the rules and regulations
they have provided for tneir own govern
ment.
It reads: "No teacher shall be elected to
a position in the High School who has not
had at least two years' experience in
school work." If the rules are to govern
their action another teacher will have to
be elected, and in order for him to be on
hand at the opening of the school a meet
ing of the Board of Education will have to
be called for that purpose this week.
Director Reed, said in regard to the
matter: "If Mr. Russ is not eligible I am
of the opinion that we will have to call a
meeting thi* week and elect one who is."
Director Ford was surprised and said:
"If that rule was carried out in every dis
trict there would be no chance for the
teachers to ever get any experience. How
ever, the point is well taken, I believe."
The most surprising point in the in
teresting incident is the position of Secre
tary McClymonds. He is rightfully
credited with knowing- more about the
board and its prerogatives than the mem
bers, and surprise is general that his
memory should lapse when the son of an
ex-School Director is concerned.
Mr. Russ only graduated in May last
and has had no experience.
The friends of Mr. Kuss suggest that the
rule referred to is unconstitutional and not
binding, as the law does not contemplate
any such qualification as the rule imposes
Spirit Healer Discharged.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 21. Dr. V 7 F
Barker, who was arrested some time »go
on a complaint issued at the request of
Mrs. Hyland, was released to-day in the
Police Court witnout even a hearing Tne
case was dismissed on motion of Prose
cutin? Attorney Melvin, who stated that
Mrs. Hyland was too ill to appear on the
witness-stand.
4 Mr 5 *ly la " d ' s husband was present and
stated that his wi;e was so nervous over
the thought of giving her testimony in
public that he was afraid that she would
break down completely if compelled to ap
pear. The doctor was attended by a large
following of spiritualists from San Fran
cisco, who were jubilant at the outcome of
the case.
LIFE-BARS FOR
ELECTRIC-CARS.
Superintendent Grim Puts
an Idea Into Prac
tical Use.
WANTS MEN ARRESTED
If They Persist in Violating
the Ordinance Regulating
Crcssings.
ANXIETY 10 PROTECT LIFE.
Highland Park Cars Are No Longer
Rug With Only One
Man.
Oakland Office San Frakcisco Call.)
908 Broadway, July 21. )
A new device for assisting people struck
by electric-cars to aid in saving their own
lives has been invented by Superintend
ent Grim of the Oakland Consolidated
(Berkeley) line.
The new arrangement consists of two
plain, stout horizontal iron bars placed in
the front of the car. One 13 about three
feet and the other about five feet from the
ground. The supposition is that when
anyone is on the track and cannot get off
The Lifc-Ilar Device That Has Been
Placed on the Grove-Street Cars.
in time to prevent being struck they would
naturally grab one of the bara and avoid
getting beneath the wheels.
Mr. Grim says that he has found as the
result of inquiry that people struck by
cirs invariably try to grasp something,
and if stout bars are within reach at con
venient height they will probably avert
fatalities.
The new method will undoubtedly prove
very timely to the small boys of Oakland
who have practiced train-jumping for
many years, but as the majority of violent
deaths are those of children or of people
in vehicles, which collide with the cars,
the bars woula not in svfch cases prove
very valuable.
The superintendent of the Grove-street
road wrote to the Chief of Police today,
telling him he had seen the article in The
Call referring to the numerous violations
of the crossing ordinance. The writer
stated that he had given very positive in
structions to all his men to obey the ordi
nance implicitly, and asking that all mo
tormen and conductors breaking the law
be at once arrested. It was through a
doubly fatal accident on this line that the
law was passed, and Superintendent Grim
is doing all in his power to prevent its re
currence.
A police officer stated to-day that he had
frequently warned carmen at the danger
ous crossing at Thirteenth street and
Broadway and that the infractions were
less numerous than formerly.
A few weeks ago complaint was made
through The Call of the manner in which
the large double-decK cars of the Highland
Park were run with only one man. who
left the car to fly down a grade while he
went on the npp*r deck to collect nickels.
Since the publication Superintendent
Woodward has made arrangements by
which each car is attended by two men.
There was an ordinance before the Council
providing that no electric cars should run
with one man. but for some unknown rea
aon it did not become a law.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
I •■•■.-'■
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, July 21. {
City Treasurer Gilpin has employed R. B.
Kyle, Will Owens, H. L. Nash, H. W. Brown,
W. P. Alnsworth and John A. Coats as the
extra clerks to make out tax bills. They com
menced work this morning and their employ
ment will last for three months.
County Assessor Dalton has added up his re
ceipts for the past year in the matter of poll
taxes and finds that he has collected $20,000
in poll-taxes and $8000 in road poll-taxes
making a total of $34,000. This amount is
somewhat in excess of that collected a year
ago, and considerably larger than that col
lected two years ago.
i M. T. Morse, A. R. Cotton and W. M. Bran
don, appraisers of the estate of William Henry
Allen, an incompetent, have appraised the
estate as of no value, because of the uncer
tainty of Allen's interest in the same.
J. P. Johnston, who conducts the employ
ment agency on Broadway, has returned from
Pacific Grove and is ready for business.
Irene W. Beck, widow of the deceased, has
petitioned to be appointed administratrix of
the estate of Theodore R. Beck. The property
of the estate consists of money on - deposits in
the Hongkong and Shanghai Bank.
County Tax Collector Barber says that dur
ing the past month he collected $2500 in sa
loon license fees, which leaves or ly about $600
or $700 in arrears.
Charles Franklin has petitioned to be ap
pointed administrator of the estate of Bridget
Franklin. The estate comprises property in
Berkeley and. is valued at $2500. . ■
"■ The executors of the will of the late Phillip
. Boogar have _ been . authorized to accept
$1754 94 on an insurance policy for $2000 on
.the life. of the deceased in the New England
Mutual Life Insurance Company.
.'.'■ A? L. Smith petitions for the probate of the
will ol Lucia A. Loring, wife of G. Y. Loring,
former superintendent of the Oakland Rail
road lines on San Pablo and Telegraph ave
nues. The heirs are the husband, a son and a
daughter. : '^§fS9SS£|
• Charles Montgomery, who claimed he was on
a furlough from the 1 ountvllle home, was sent
to jail for thirty days to-day • for carrying a
heavy weight concealed on hid person.
The report of Superintendent Hayes of the
Home fur ■ the Adult Blind, which was sub
mitted at the last meeting of the directors,
showed that 11,350 broom* had been sold dur
ing the month; about 10,500 made and 15,000
on band at the end of June. ■• •
•- Owing to the illness of Judge Wood the pass
ing of sentence on Editor Gavin Dhu High for
libeling William J. Dingee ! will be postponed
to-morrow for another weeK. ;
To Be h Cake Walk.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 21. — Among
Auction $ales
(lAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS.
Salesrooms— 1135. Market Street. .
THIS DAY.
Tuesday :........... «j u iy SI, 1896,
- At 10 o'clock a. m. at Salesrooms,*
1135 II AUK XT ST.. bet. 7th and Bth.
-"■ . ; ■ TV* Win SKI. I. .
ELfGANT LINK Or FURNITURE.
Carpets. Bedding, Stoves, Ranges, etc.
L'HAS. LEVY A CO.. Auctioneer*.
the features of the testimonial to be
given in honor of Manager Cook at
the Alacdonough Theater next Tuesday
night is a cake waik with a ?40 gold watch
as first prize. A suit of clothes will co to
the second one and a cake to the third.
Then there is Margaret Craven, dauchter
of Mrs. Craven- Fair, who will take part in
one act, and Professor Tyndall, the mind
reader.
The ticket office will be opened on Thurs
day morning. The usual Macdonough
prices will prevail.
New Trial Jurors.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 21.— The regular
panel of term trial jurors was drawn be
fore Judge Ogden this afternoon. Those
drawn and their addresses are:
J. G. Poorman, 1170 Seventh; C. B. Davis,
913Kirkhaui; M. Lipkn, Broadway, near Sev
enth; Henry Menses, 014 Fourth; *E. K. Strow
briUge, Castro Valley: Steve Hoose, Dexter
Stables; Cyrus Dura, 718 Market; George M.
Burdick, 1105 jßckson; James Clark. 821
Magnolia; Peter Matthews, Brooklyn; A. R.
Downing, Pleasanton; B. C. Austin. Pacific
avenue, Alameda; \V. Lebrecht, 511 Six
teenth; A. F. Bwrber. Alameda; E. Beruheim,
214 Twelfth; Fritz Boehmer, Alameua; t..
Baxter, 25 Watt street; Henry Looiuis, 831}^
Wiliow; VV. H. Chapman, 554 Thirty-eighth
street; J. A. Leonard. Alameda; J. C Jen
sen, Palomares; E. J. Holt, Alameda; C.
A. Sessions, 2158 Eighth; Fred Bryant,
San Leandro; (j. W. Hoquet, lt*lß Linden;
L. C. Levy. Oakland Heights; Louis Hof
schmidt, 988 Wood; If. Duddy, 911 Alice;
Phiio Mill:*, Berkeley; Cyrus A. Brown, Ala
meda; M. Dinneen, 717 Seventh; George N.
Berden, 961 Chester; Joseph Green, Fortieth
and Adeline; G. W. Boynton, Piedmont; W. C.
Moran, Peralta; K. Barnett, 410 Fifth; O. Lind
sey, IW2 William; Phil Rosenheim, Lorin; J.
H. Beckman, Alameda; 1. D. Parsons, Castro
Valley; M. Byrne, 828 Castro; Jacob Collyer,
1728 Twelfth; Otis Hill, San Lorenzo; O. C.
Hyatt, 1117 Willow; Waller Gaune, Berkeley
Township; G. W. Buttner, Sunol; O. H. Burn
ham. 1017 Madison; James Slattery, 269 Eftst
Sixteenth; David Howell, 171" Seventh;
George H. Burns, 553 Central avenue, Ala
meda.
The jurors are directed to Judge Greene
next Friday morning at 10 o'clock. The
first case to be tried by. them is that of
Charles Gordon, the alleged gold-brick
man.
Druggist Desmarais' Death.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 21.— Paul X.
Desmarais, formerly a druggist of this
city, died in Chicago to-day. At the time
of his death Mr. Desmarais was on his
way to the coast for his health. Heart
disease was the cause of his death.
He formerly conducted a drugstore at
the corner of Twenty-third avenue and
East Fourteenth street. Five years ago he
sold it to h. D. Keliogg & Co., who still
retain it. He was 45 years of age and
leaves a widow, who is with relatives in
Cohoes, N. Y. A nephew who remained
here after his uncle's departure is now at
Folsom.
No More Jail Breaks.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 21.— The Sheriff
is taking necessary precautions to prevent
any more of his boarders from taking
French leave. All of the windows open
ing into cells from the outside are being
covered with a sheet of iron perforated
with holes about an inch square.
They are so fixed that they cannot be
reached from the inside unless the iron
grates are removed. If that is done and
the fastenings cut away the plates woula
fall to the ground, making enough racket
to gwe an alarm.
THE CITY CLERK'S REPORT
An Elaborate Statement of the
Disbursements for the
Past Year.
Alameda Parlor's Installation— The
Board of Education Meeting.
Accidents.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 21.— The City
Clerk has just completed bis first annual
report. In it he suggests that the system
of accounts as kept at present should be so
modified as to allow the keeping of the
accounts of each department under separ
ate heads. He thinks the advantages of
the city as a place for building homes and
establishing industries should be adver
tised by means of pamphlets.
From the statement of accounts it ap
pears that the total disbursements of the
city for the last year of thirteen months J
amounted to $308,0iM 01; the actual running i
expenses $161,564 51. and the bonded !
indebtedness $239,175. The assessed value
of city property is $515,201. The chief items
of expenses are: Police departmeent,
$15,592 95; fire department and alarms.
$19,35126; City Hall, $44,470 39; electric
light. $5198 30; additions to plant, $21.
--91096: streets, $12,468 58 ; Health Office,
$3709 liO; water springing and flushing,
$11.477 33. The bonded indebtedness will
be reduced at the rate ol $18,775 per year.
The Native Sons.
ALAMEDA, Cal,. July 21.— The public
installation of the officers of Alameda Par
lor No. 47, N. S. G. W., by District Grand
President Hyneß of Redwood Parlor, in
Armory Hall last night, evoked high praise
from the great number of friends who at
tended. The ceremony was conducted
faultlessly and the entertainment that fol
lowed was one to suit the taste of every
body. Attorney J. E. Barber delivered
the oration and acquitted himself of the
task in admirable fashion. Max Glas of
the State Blind Asylum, Temescal, brougnt
with him three inmates of the asylum, ;
who provided such music as astounded the \
listeners and dancers. One of them, Gus- i
sle Mast, received a merited ovation for !
her song, to which she played her own ac- [
companiment. The Native Sons from j
Oakland belonging to the Acme Club were j
present, and their boxing, wrestling and j
acrobatic feats were just the thing.
The officers installed were: Past presi- j
dent, John Flynn: president, Charles Day;
first vice, J. F. Hanson; second vice, Max
Glas: third vice, J. N. Bolt; marshal, R.
tf. Fallmer; treasurer, S. A. Bremer;
financial secretary, Max Gundlach ; re
cording secretary, T. R. Hanson ; inside
sentinel. N. E. Probst; outside sentinel,
P. Smith: trustee, J. E. Barber.
The parlor is now twelve years old and
has 104 members.
Alameda Driving Association.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 21.— The Ala
meda Driving Association met last night
and adopted a new set of bylaws. Their
adoption necessitated an election of offi
cers, which resulted in Judge Ellsworth
being chosen president; Sanford Bennett,
vice-president; I. S. Borden, treasurer; C.
C. Gardner, secretary; a. L. Cohen and
Dr. Bull, members of the executive com
mittee.
The track is to be utilized for training
horses as well as for driving. Those wish
ing to train on it must make application
to the executive committee and then pay
$2 per month for a single horse and $1
extra for each additional horse up to three.
Trne'i Strength Waning.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 21— C. F. True,
the deposed principal of the Wilson School,
has apparently given up bis attempt to
have the Board of Education reinstate him.
The mass-meeting of his friends, which
was to nave been held last evening, did not
come off, and at the. meeting of the Board
of Education to-night, the True forces
GROCERY SALE.
J. C. MUTHER, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 6ol California street, corner Kearny
wm 5k11...
THIS DAY, Wednesday. July 8«, 1896.
CommencinE at 11 a. m. sharp, at
104-4- FOLtOM ST., NEAR SEVENTH
All the Contents of a Fide Grocery Store
Including a 1 Kinds of Staple and Fanrv Gro-
ceries, Coffi-e-mill, Scales, etc All new and
fresh. No Reserve.
were notable by their absence, so the agi
tation in bis interests has probably died a
natural death.
A Train Kills a Horse.
ALAMEDA, Cal^ July 21.— 0n the same
crossing that the Fruitvale Jersey Dairy
wagon was shattered yesterday morning
by a freight train, a horse got fixed in the
cattle guard this morning. When the
Haywards locomotive came along the en
gineer was unable to stop his train in time
and the horse was cut to pieces. The first
car was derailed.
An Accidpnt in Camp.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 21.— News has
b«en brought in that ayounj? San Francis
can named McPhee. who is camping with
some others on the Redwood road near
Graham & Arnold's dairy ranch, had met
with a serious accident.
From accounts to hand it appears he
met with his accident just as he was set
ting out for a ride on horseback. He had
but vaulted into the saddle when the
horse plunged and reared violently. Mc-
Fhee in his excitement polled on the reins
and the animal fell over backward the
! rider underneath. The horn of the saddle
j struck the youns man, inflicting a serious
I and painful wound. It ie thought tnat
nis spine is also hurt.
A doctor from East Oakland is in at
tendance and McPhee will be confined to
camn for some little time to come.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAMY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM A>*a
O Broadway wharf, San .Francisco, "aa /jiWf
follows: -™^^^»
For Mary Island. Lorln«r, WranseL Juneau. Kit-
lisnuo ana Sitka (Alaska), at » a. m., July 3, 13,
18, 28." A u». •£; la, 27. - ■,-•%
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and New
Whatcom (BeUlngham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m
July 3,-n. 13, 18, 23. 28. ana every fifta
day thereafter, connecting at . Vancouver wlto
I the C. i\ R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R_
I at Beattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend wlta
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landlnz (Hum-
bold Bay) str. Pomona, 3 p. it. July ft, 8. la,
16 '20. 24. 2h and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, Ran Simeon, Cayucos.
Port Uarford (ban Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., July
I 'I, 6, 10. 14, 18, 2M. 20. SO ana «very lourtti day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(Ban Luis Obtspo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
!a. m., Jo 5, m. 18. lb, 'JO, 24, -Jx and every
j fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, san Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan. Li
i Fazand Guaymas (Mexico), sir. Orizaba. 10 a. if
I Juv 3ana'isth«f each month thereafter.
: Ticxet office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Genl Agents.
; ■■ - 10 Market st. San Francisco.
ASTORIA AIIItTM&
$6 Second Class, $12 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails July 27 Aucnat « 1«
Bute of California sails.. July 22, Aujusil, ll| 21
From Spear-sV. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. it '
UOODALL PERKINS CO.. Genl. Snpts
F. F. CONiNOR. Gen.rat Aireas.
. WHO M.-b-^V^T.,.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. g\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, L^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, Jfi by
AUSTRALIA. %J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. MARIPO^A sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, July 23.
at 2p. it * **
.. a M. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day, August 4. a*. 10 a. m. Special party rates. (
Line to COOLOAH DIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN"
South. Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS <fc BROS. CO.. Agents,
™_, ~_ _ 114 Montgomery street.
JTelght Office, 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
(MPAGSIE GENERAL TRAJfSATLIiTIQUB
French Line to Havrp.
COMPANY'S PIKR(NEW),42 NORTH ilia
\J River, foot of Morton st. Traveler* by dSS/fflf
this line avoid both transit oy English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New Yon* to Alexandria, Kgypt, via Parti,
tirst-ciaas 8160: second-class, Vila - -
I.A TOURAINE. CapU Santolll....May 24 8 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE May 23. 8 A. M.
LA GASCOGNE ....Jane 20, 7 A. M.
LA 'I \ND1e....... July 4, 64. v.
LA OAi»CO(4NE July 25, 11 a. m.
LA NORMAXDIK : August 1, 5 a. it
LA BOUROOONE. Capt. Lebneui .June 6, 7 a. m.
a3T i'or further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
• No. 3 Bo.v Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZt <fe CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
•venue, San Francisco.
WHITE WML USE.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
. IBWIU
New York, Queen stown & Liverpool.
SAILING KVKKV "WiSKK. '.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jCteA^
\J ing to steamer and accommodations tS&fiSg
selected : second cabin, $iz ftu and »4 i ■ 0 ; Maje"c
and Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmarlc
through to San Francisco at lowest rates.' Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at tha
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER.
. , General Agent for Pacific Coast.
FUST & CO.
PACIFIC COAST CLIPPER LINE
For San Francisco and All Pacific Coast
Ports.
v FROM NEW YORK:
The Al Clipper Ship. .-..-.... H. MACT
A mesbury, Master. '
'.;'- FROM PHILADELPHIA:
The A 1 Clipper Ship ; . A. J. FULLER
Colcord, Master.
Insurance effected at lowest rates.
For freight apply to FLINT A CO., 68 Broad
Street, New York. . . .• .<•
Consignees In San Francisco: J. F. CHAPMAN
<& CO., 22 California street.
ROYAI MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPANY.
i STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL' >S^SL
I i? fortnightly for the West Indies and 43S§m
i Southampton, .calling en route .at C-'rbourgh,
\ France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
. Through bills of lading, in connection with th«
I Pacific Mall S. S. Co., Issued for freight and treas-
i ure to direct ports In England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
j Cherbourg, Southampton. First class. $195: third
t class, 997 50. For further particulars, apply to
PARROTT A CO., Agents.
_^ ■ SOB (ViliffiriiiaaU
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 6 P. 31, Dally. Ireight received up
to >::$> I*. jI. "
t&~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STWMKRv
T. C. Walker, J. D. Petera.
Mary Gstrral t. . City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. and Impt. Co
f ALLEJO, MARE ISLAND, 'BEIICIA, POM
COSTA AND CROCKETT.
STK. MONTICELLO,
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. »
. and 4 r. x. ; Saturday, 10:30 a. ji., 3:30 T. Mi
: - Monday— B r. it
•ARjfcoaly. *. ..-., .' .
- aVandlaq. Mission 1, J?Ut %,
FOR 811 JOSE, LOS GATOS& SASTA CRUZ
OTEAMER ALVISO LEAVES. PJER 1 DAILT
Oat 10 a. v. (Sundays excepted): Alviso dally at
7p. M. (Saturdays exoepted). Freight and Pas-
senger. , tare between San Francl.ico and Alviso,
60c: to San , Jose, 75a Clay st.. Pier 1. 20 W
Santa Clara St., san Jose. .--J
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
S^?«S EA X*K * '**' - Establish*!
in I»S4 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood" Debility or
disease wearing on bodyandmindand
skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswheu
othersfall. Try him. Charges low
*»r. J. f. Cnrrifaaranlrrd. Callorwrltp
1314
NEED NOT USE
THE RATTLER TEST
Richmond Streets May Be
Macadamized With
Red Rock.
THE OWNERS SATISFIED
Supervisors as a Committee of
the Whole Take De
cided Action.
MANY QUARRIES CAN BE USED
A Motion to Use Red Rock for Side
walk Foundations Voted
Down.
The Board of Supervisors, sitting as a
committee of the whole, spent several
hours yesterday listening to arguments
for and against the use of the rattler test
in the selection of rock for street work.
A large delegation of property-owners
from the Richmond district was present to
urge the abolition of the test, because they
wish to use the red rock found in the
vicinity. This rock will not stand the
rattler test. , Attorney Van Duzer,
representing the property - owners,
urged that the test was not a
fair one, because the residents of
Richmond were compelled to buy blue
rock, which was expensive, because it was
brought irom a lons distance, when good
red rock was to be found right on the
ground. Colonel Mendel, formerly a Gov
ernment engineer, stated that he had used
blue rock in the foundations for the big
guns at the Presidio. He considered it
better than red rock, though he admitted
that some red rock might be good.
Superintendent of Streets Frodden of
Aiameaa was in favor of blue rock. He
had seen both kinds used in the streets of
Alameda, and in every instance the blue
rock was the most durable. Red rock top
dressing was generally washed away by
the winter rains.
Joseph Scheerer, an advocate of red
rock and the owner of a quarry, produced
some samples that he claimed were as
good as any blue rock. He claims that
the people of the Richmond district would
actually be impoverished if they were
compelled to use blue rock.
Colonel Newberry was opposed to the
rattler test, claiming that an inspection
was a far better method of determining
the value of the various rocks.
Engineer Humphreys, who is employed
by the Government at the Presidio, ex
pressed a preference for blue rock and the
rattler test.
Attorney G. B. Lukens, representing
the Cushing-Wetmore Company, addressed
the committee on the subject of rock for
street work and advocated strongly the
rattler test in selecting rock. He con
tended that the qualities necessary for
rock for street work were tenacity and
hardness, and that the rattler was the only
method of finding our these attributes.
He read a letter from G. T. Allardt, a
tivil engineer, stating that blue or gray
irap rock was by far the best material for
building streets and roadways.
President Sullivan of the Federated Im
provement Clubs spoke against red roefc.
After listening to an extended closing
argument from Attorney Van Duzer, in
which the latter begged the committee to
consider the poor people who would be
benefited if they were permitted to use
red rock in the improvements of their
streets, the committee went into executive
session.
After considering the matter at some
length it was decided that the residents of
the outlying districts were entitled to
some consideration and that a distinct
concession should be made them. Super
visor Spreckels moved that the district
west of Central avenue, from Geary street
to the southerly line of California street,
and in the Richmond District, also the
Sunset District, west of Stanyan street, be
exempt from the necessity of using the
rattler test for rock to be used for ma
cadam. The motion was earned unani
mously. This will permit the use of the
red rock of the outlying districts for pav
ing of the streets in that section. The
regulations for sidewalk and bituminous
paving remain the same as before.
A motion Dy Supervisor King to elim
inate the rattler test on rock to be used for
sidewalk foundations all over the City was
lost.
IN RICHMOND DISTRICT.
The "Steam Paddies" at Work
Moving the Mountains
of Sand.
Red Rock Us:d by the Railroad for
Pavinz, White by the Prop
erty-Own rs.
The work of removing the mountains of
sand has begun in Richmond District in
earnest, and now Warren & Malley have
two "steam paddies" scooping into the
dunes.
A steam paddy is a series of buckets or
shovels rnn on an endless chain, which
sends a constant stream of s*and into the
cars that are hauled on the 15-inch gauge
railway to the dumping-place.
The shovels are moved from place to
place, whirling on a pivot, by the engi
neer, and they eat into the earth with
surnrisine rapidity.
One of these big machines has been re
moving the tail hill lying just west of the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery, ana last Monday
another started up to remove the large
tract of sand west of Eighth avenue and
next to Golden Gate Park. There are
about fifty blocks of this job, and it is esti
mated that it will take two years to trans
fer the soil to the dumping-place, the
ravines and depressions in The old race
track.
The advocates of the Richmond red
rock are nnch interested by the fact that
the railroad company is paving between
and on each hive of the two lines of car
track with that material. Tue property
owners are forced by the City to do their
paying oa the same thoroughfare with the
objectionable blue rock, and they cannot
understand why this discrimination ex
ists. The red reck is cheap and handy
*"d the other costly and its quarry ai a
distance. A locomotive and train of flat
cars loaded with the Richmond rock are
run along the avenue and dumped where
the material is needed — an easy and rapid
way to pave a street.
The foreman of the railroad graders was
asked- yesterday why the company was
using rock which the Street Superin
tendent had interdicted.
"Because it is better lor paving," he
answered. "It packs harder and makes a
Bmoother and more durable road. We
first put down a thick bed of firm stuff,
then a layer of coarse material. We then
roll it and there you are."
And the property-owners wonder why
they cannot do the same.
The residents of Ninth and Twenty
fourth avenues state that the owners of
the many vacant lots on those thorough
fares neglect to buikhead their property,
consequently the sand has drifted down
from the high dunes on to the roadways.
The avenues were graded and macadam
ized less than twelve months aeo, and the
work is completely covered. Some por
tions of the streets are impassable.
The following are the numbers of the
fire-alarm boxes in the district west of
Central avenue: Caliiornia street and Cen
tral avenue 325. Gearv and Boyce 327,
Geary and Wood 328, Third avenue and
Point Lobos 412, Seventh avenue ana Cle
ment 413, Twelfth avenue and Clement
415, First avenue and Fulton 416, Fifth
avenue and C 418, Fourth avenue and
California 419, Sacramento and Cherry
431, Maple and Washington 432, Washing
ton and Walnut 435, Twenty second and
Point Lobos 485, Cliff House 486.
Sale of Church Property.
The Westminster Presbyterian Society of the
City and County of San Francisco, a corpora
tion, has applied to the Superior Court for per
mission to sell its property at Fell and Octavia
streets. The building there is said to be oM
and untenable and it Is desired to dispose of it
for the purpose of securing money to erect a
new edifice on the society's property at Page
and WebHter streets. A bid of $11,896 has been
received for the old Drorjertv.
An Estate in France.
Public Administrator Freese has filed for
probate the will of Ellsa Boers, who died in
Paris, France, February 17, 1896. leaving a
$4tXK) estate to Jeanne L. Sawyer of this City,
au«l Marguerite de Montoisy and Renee de
Montoisy residing iv France.
NEW ELECTION OFFICERS.
Two More Assembly Districts
Provided For by the
Commissioners.
The Thirtieth and the Thirty-First
Have Now Secured Men Where
with to Guard the Ballot.
The Election Commissioners continued
the work of selecting election officers yes
terday, those of the Thirtieth and Thirty
first districts being chosen as follows:
Thirtieth District, Precinct I— lnspector, M.
I Sheedy, Windsor Hotel (P.); judges. James Ir-
I win, 522 Stevenson street (D.), and W. J. Fer-
I guson, 1079 Mission (R.).
Precinct 2 — lnspector, M. Harris. 470 Jessie
street (D.); judges, Meyer Bartnett, 478 Jessie
(D.), and P. E. Johnson, 410 Minna (R.).
Precinct 3— lnspector, J. R. Daly. 5514 Ste
! venson street (D.); judges, Robert Rusch, 547
! Jessie (D.), and Louis Davis, 24 Sixth (D.).
Precinct 4— lnspector, Joseph Gannon, 462>4
Minna (D.); judges, Jonn C. McCloskey, 442
Minna (I).), and Monroe Harris, 43 Sixth (K.).
Precinct s— lnspector, John Heeney, 514
■ Minna (D.); judges, Thomas H. Grady, 50
Minna (D.), and Harris ColemHn, 1027 Mis
sion (R.).
Precinct 6 — lnspector, L. J. Hurley, 437 Xa
toma (DO; judges, James McGivney, 808
I Minna (D.), and Charles Israel, 460 Na-
I toma JR.;.
Precinct 7— lnspector, Gus Jacobs, 425 l 2 N'a
| toma(D.); judges, D. N. Curtin, 419 Natoma
j 'D.), and Jonn Gardner, 150 Filth (R.).
Precinct B— lnspector, I. Donovau, 202 Fifth
! (D.); judges, J. Pialle, 238 Fifth (D.), and
Emile Heidenrich, 450 Tehama (R.;.
Precinct 9— lnspector, J. Fitzgerald, 429
. Clementina (D.): judges, Isaac Asche, 4b"5
I Tehama (D.), and Harris Jacobs, 902 Folsom
\ (R.).
Precinct 10— Inspector, J. K. Lynch, 238
i Sixth (D.); judge, A. M. Levy, 1007 Howard
I (R.).
Precinct 11— Judges, George Cameron (D.)
and Isidore ErU 38 Russ.
Precinct 12— Inspector, John McPabe, 232
Shipley (D.); judges, Walter Burke, 232 Ship
ley (D.), and James W. Theobold, 228 a Ship-
I ley (R.).
Precinct 13— Inspector. M. Burke. 320 Sixth
! (D.); judges, John T. Rvan, 133?^ Sliioley,
(D.), nnd Charles Wiener, 390 Sixth (R.). "
Precinct 14— Inspector, J. Woods, 395 Sixth
• (D.); judges, John Dowling, 920 Harrison
(D.), and James A. Cronin, 211 Clara (R).
Precinct 15— Inspector, E. Cleary. 23 Morris
! avenue (D.); judges, Thomas McCreagh, 919
Harrison (D.), and Morris Lubliner. 951 Har
rison (R).
Precinct 16— Inspector, L. Claveloux, 246
I Harriet (D.); judges, J. P. McNamara, 221
. Harriet (D.), and 8. Friedlander, 10414 Fol
som (R).
Precinct 17— inspector, George Fitzgerald,
I 525 Natoma (D.); judges, B. Sullivan, 1010
[ Howard (D.), and W. C. Brown, 507 Natoma (R).
The commission adjourned until 3:30
o'clock p. m.
Thirty-first District— Precinct I— lnspector,
William J. Fivey, 631 Jessie (D.); judges, Wil
liam Sand, 644" Jessie (D.), and Ixmis Barner,
729>^ Minna (R.).
Precinct 2— lnspeCiOr, T. Sullivan, 20% Las
'■ kie(D.); judges, M. Heffernan, 781 Stevenson
1 (D.), and George Bwzzini, 33 Nintn ',R.).
Pr»ci:ict 3— lnspector, T. J. O'Connor, 1121
I Mission (J.); judges, John Condon, 646 Minna
I (D.). and A. M. Bainl, 722 Minna (!>.;.
Preclnet 4— lnspector, B. C. Sharkev. 6171^
■ Minna (D.); judges, T.J.Clancy 137 Nintti
I (D.), and George A. Donoghm-, 713 Natoma (R.).
Precinct s— lnspector, John Kinsolla, 71 :»
Natoma (D.); judges, John P. Kelley, 659
Minna (D.), and Thomas McGlynn, 1216* How
! ard (R.).
Precinct 6— lnspector, D. R. Sullivan, 24
Washington avenue (D.); ja«tge«, J. W. Butter
worth, 821 Jessie (D.), ana Charles H. Me*;. El
lis, 10 Washington avenue (R.).
Precinct 7— lnspector, William Lowenfeldt,
1337 Mission (D.); judges, George S. Dripcoll.
! 1431 Mission (D.). and Harry E. Keefe, 155
; Elrvenih (R.).
Precinct B— lnspector, Frank P. Havne, 7
I Bowie avenue (D.); judges, Samuel F. Thomp-
I son, 1313 Howard (D.), and P. Fahy, 1364 Fol
som (R.).
Precinct 9— lnspector, E. Durkin, 1201 How.
ard (D.l; judges, Charles Whelan, 1203 How
ard (D.), and Patrick Cahill, 1242 Folsom (R.).
Precinct 10— Inspector, J. C. Clancy, 1152
Folsom (D.); judges, 1). J. McCarthy, 1134"4
FolEom (D.), and T. Sullivan, 608U Na
toma (R.).
Precinct 11— Inspector. Edward Barry, 21
R 'ii-ch (I). ); jiirtges, Louis Harri-, 228 Sev
enth (D.), and FranK A. Koegell, 31V^
Bsttaeh (R.). "
Precinct 12— Inspector, Tom Barker, 3 Chos
ley(D.); judees, tdwanl Mulnly, 203 Lang
ton (L>.), aud C. H. PeiL-rson,ll23'Howard (R.).
Precinct 13— Inspector, j. J. Mehegan. 19
Hairison avenue (D.); judges, Daniel Maher,
13}4 Kolsoin (D.), and 'lirnothy P. Lynch, 2
Harrison avenue (R.).
Precinct 14— John J. Mulcreavy, 31 Caroline
I (D.); judges, Joseph Carrick. 1225 Folsom (D.)
I and Thomas J. Murphy, 321 Tenth (R.).
Preci-ict 15— Inspector, Frank Skuce, 9 B'oyd
(D.); judges. G. Asmussen, 401 Eighth (D.),
and. T. G. Trncey, 212 Lantrton (R.).
Precinct 16— Inspector, William Colton, 28
Dorfc(D.); judges, Wiliiam F. Hanover, 267 a
Dore (D.), and George Callopy, 1205 Foi
som (K.).
Precinct 17— Inspector, D. T. Lawler, 1401
Folsom (D.); judges, J. McManus, northeast
corner Juniper and Bryant (D.), and Michael
J. Folcy, 1202 Mission (P..).
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
nlgut in the year. . ■..' ,"
BRANCH GKFICKB-S3O Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
8W: corner Sixteenth ' and Mission , streets, open
until 9 o'clock.' ; - .
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Mnth street; open until 9:30 o'clock. •
M'hCUL NOTICKS.
j^^^pTT^BYRbNTAvv ■haines hasTkel
r^t ?i lur . ed fr^ m lloilolul and resumed prac-
tice at his office, 14 Grant aye. \. . • ; . , * .:
»fgp~l)R7 alfheiTw. perry has re=
»-»■ moved his oflice ito rooms 20-21, Murphy
Building, corner (Market and Jones sis., and his
residence to 2711 Sacramento st. '.
BAD .TENANTS -.; EJECTED FOR ■ $4;
»-*' collections^njade,. city .or coantry. Pacific
Collection Co., 416 Moatgy su, room TeL 6580.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, lsyti.
NOTICE OK MEETINGS. '
ft^S* MISSION .LODGE NO. 1697~K iT~
CS^» r and A. Called meeting THIS li
(WEDNESDAY) KVENINO at 7:3O^V
o'clock-. Third degree. By order of the/"VA
W. M. c. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
i OpS* KXCELSIOK LODGE NO. 168. F. •
B-^ and A. M Called meeting THIS Jk
; (WEDNESDAY) EVENING, July 22, at Iff
I 7:30 o'clock. Third degree. ■•-■•- f^\
I THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
RZrS' CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139. F. m
et^ s^ and A. M.— Called meeting THIS_^
WEDNESDAY at 7:30 P. M. D. 3d. By l^jt
! order of the W. M. . H. FORTRIEDE. Sec. /V>
' BPS* FRANCO-AMERICAN i^^Jtojj.;
! •**& Lodge No. 207, I. O. •>. F. Of-:^^^^C?U
I ficers mid , members are requested to
a'.tvnd the next meeting on THURS- •"WWv*
! .DAY, July. '23, at 8 o'clock . p. if. for initiation.
I Members of sister lodges are cordially invited.
A. LEON AURADOU, N. O.
R. LAViosfK, Secretary. "-■'■:
KS" OLDJ FRIENDS— INSTALLATION OF
vk^S" officers— Sons and daughters and members
are cordially ' lnvited THIS EVENING, at 8
1 o'clock, 413 Bnsh st. "Refreshments free. - - ■
THOS. SAWYER, PresidenU
' W. A. Scoli-ay, Financial Secretary.
, IKS* REBEL CORK BENEVOLENT 80-
I tt^*?. clety— The committee on picnic will meet
! at Academy Hall THUKB AY EVENING, July
1 23, at 8 o'clock, to conclude arrangements for the
1 tenth annual picnic, which will oe held at Shell
| Mound Park on ■ Sunday, August 2; special com-
mittees are requested to attend...
..' P. CORKER Y, Chairman.
. J. W. Mahoney. reiary.
! msgg' CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
SZS' THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
in the United Stales or Canada one year for $1 50,
i postage free. , >■ .• ■ .-• ... ■-■■ ..
SITUATIONS tVANTEU-FEMALK.
R. HANSEN A CO., 110 GEARY ST..
• furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, phone or mail us your orders: urompt at-
| tention guaranteed ; telephone Grant 185.
! "VJ"EAT SWEDISH <*IRL, WITH REFER-
. -1.1 ence, desires a situation to do cooking and
: housework. J. F. CROSETT «fe CO., 312 Sutter st.
' UMBER OFGIUI.SOF ALL NATIONALI-
-1 -Li ties awaiting situations at MRS. HIRP'S, 721
\ Ellis st. -_^_ ■
• V"£AT, RESPECTABLE YOUNG LADY DE-
! -Li sires a situation In a small American family
; to do light housework; Oakland preferred: no ob-
jection to baby. Call or address 14 Commercial st.,
I San FranclEca •--■• , *;
I pOMPETENT OMAN WISHES SITUATION
I \J as cook or general housework In a private fam-
I ily; no objection to the country. Apply 29
; Pleasant place, bet. Taylor and Jones sts.
TEACHER OF FRENCH. GERMAN, «PAN-
j A ish. English branches, bookkeeping desires po-
: sition: resident or visiting. Address Certified
Teacher, box 76, Call Otlice. • -
\TORTH-GERMAN GIRL; UNDERSTANDS
Xi thecareof grown children: Is a good teacher;
i can sew; will ng to make hers»if useful; desires j
I place. Call any day after 4 o'clock at 30 Sliver su j
COMPETENT WOMAN WANT SITUATION j
1 to do light housework; small family; light |
washing and will take care of baby Call or ad- I
I dress 26 Minna su, bet. First and Second.
"yOUNG DANISH GIRL WISHES TO DO
X light housework or as nurseglrl: wages $8 to
$10. Apply 95 California aye.. Dear 28th st. '
\ l' ANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER:
li French cooking; full cure of a small family;
term;, reasonable. Address 2222'^ Mission sU
WANTED— POSITION AS LADY'S MAID TO
I II travel or care for 2 children. Address H. C,
! box 48, this office. . .
I ELIABLK GERMAN GIRL WISHES BITUA-
J-V tioa to do general housework; wages $12. Call
or address 468^ Jessie su ■
S" WEDISH girl WANTS a PLACE TO do
O cooking or general housework. Call or ad-
dress 901 Folsom st. ■ .
HESBMAKER PROM NEW YORK WANTS
work at ladles' houses by the day or at home.
: 305 Eddy su - . ...
EBPKCTABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUA-
■ tlon as first-class laundress to go out by the day.
j Address 1330 Broadway.
\V ILLING WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
II day; washing or housecleanliig; $ladayand
car fare. 717 Howard su
' OMAN WISHES SITUATION TO DO
light housework or assist. Call or address 12
I Bourbon su. het Eddy and Elils.
I "V OUNG LADY WOULD LIKE To GET POSI-
, X tion as chambermaid or at ' second work
I Please address F. H., 1221 O'Farrell st. "
KM AN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
, VJT day; washing, Ironing or house or office clean-
I ing. Call or address 612 Minna st.
COMPETENT ENGLISH CO >K. WHO TS
good laundress; can do American cooking and
is kin to children; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 749 Howard su
J -y OUNO GIRL FROM THE EAST WISHES A
X situation at second work or in a small family
Please call at 237 Natoma st.
\\r ANTED— BY A YOUNG WOMAN FROM
I 11 the i- ast, a position: is a first-class cook and a
1 good housekeeper. Address F. c, box 126, Ca'l.
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WANTS A SITU A-
tion to do general housework, call or address
45 Sacramento st.
I YOUNG SWEDISH WOMAN WITH CHILD 2
X months old wishes work in city or country;
, good cook wages no object. 1020 Mission sl
At' ANTED, BY A RELIABLE WOMAN. A
tt situation as nurse or to do second work; very
best city references. Address 1130 -filbert st.
LADY WOULD IJKK To Gg EAST AS NURSE
or take charge of infant or children, and re-
; turn, address *i 20 Natoma.
! VJJSAMM'iiEas THAT IS QUICK AND NEAT
0 would like to get sewing in iamilles at 60c a
! day. . Address 231 Eleventh st.
I ■you SO NORWEGIAN WOMAN WANTS
I X washing and lronine by the day; $1 60: is good
j worker. Call 617 Twenty-fourth gu, near Bartlett .
RELIABLE PERSON WISH Kg HITUAIION
todoboubeworic. Call or address 723<^ Golden
! Gate aye. * "
I COMPETENT GERMAN GIRL WISHED PO^
I VJ sition in a private family. Call at 1650 Folsom
1 St., cor. Twelfth. Wages $20.
VOCNG WIDOW DESIRES POSITION AM
I X housekeeper: city or country; call after 9. 109
Jessie st., room 6.
M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET ST.!
•i'-i. only first-class female he p furnished.
yoUNG GIRL WAN IS SITUATION TO DO
X nouaework. Call or address 50 Freelon st.
GEHMaK GIKL WISHiiS A SITUATION TO
VJ do upstairs work or cooking and light bouse-
work; give reft rences. Call 205 Chestnut st.
A'OUNG LADY WOULD LIKE POSITION AS
j X taking cash, either In restaurant, hotel or any
! respectable business, or a copyist In the same
Please address X.. box 48. Call office.
G"l ERMAN WIDOW GOES OUT BY THE D\Y
VJT washing, ironing i»nd housecleaninir. Pieaae
call 130 second st. '
GOOD GERMAN GIRL WISHES TO DO GEN-"
eral housework or cooking. Please call at 813
i \\ IDOW WISHES POSITION AS HOUSE'-
, 11 keeper or plain sewing, or work- of any kind
i Call at 126 Fourth St., room 17, first floor.
SwedTsh IGIKL RECENTLY . ARRIVED
KJ from the old country wishes a situation to
assist In housework. ; Call at 812 Twenty-iourth su '
! A M ERIC AN WOMAN,' -MIDDLE- ACii-.D*
uY wants housework; fond of children; neat
, clean worker: wages $15to.$18; no less. Call or
i sena to MRS. R., 1231 Market sU
V MIDDLE-AGED, GERMAN-SPEAKING
nurse to tak« charge of children. - Address
Nurse, box 6. Call Office, Oakland. •
YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE PLACE AS SEC-
x ond girl or to do genera! housework; first-class
reference. Aa. or call 1 369 Peralta at., Oakland.©
THIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WISHES EN-
X gagements by the day or take work home-
terms $1 60 day; suits from $.: up. 2HI9 V-» Fol-
som su ;< ■■.'.- . '.*
VOUKOUDY, UNIVERSITY GRADUATE*
• X desires a position as private secretary or any
kind of office work; English, German and French-
' highest references. E. H., box 18, Call Office.
j \'OUNG GERMAN GIKL WANTS SITUA-
; X tion with respectable family for upstairs work
; Call 934 Folsom st. . .
; "INTELLIGENT 'YOUNG SWISS GIRL
I X wishes situation for 'general housework In a
small family. Please call or address Uumboldt
: House, 1309 Stockton su - -
pOMPKTENT YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
v/; with, a child wishes housekeeper's position,
chamberwork or sewing: city or country. Call or'
address 917 Market St., room 19. '
NBKGETIC WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
J for any kind of work in the country. Call or ad-
dress 152» Market St.. room 8.
ADY WANTS SITUATION AS HOUSE-
keeper : -Is a first-class ' cook. Call or address
MRS. H., 2648 a Folsom St.
yoONG SWEDISH WOMAN WITH A CHILD
X wishes a situation, city or country, to do geueral
housework.. Call or address "207 Aiontgomerv aye.
VV A. TED— POSITION BY A COMPETENT
'I woman -In a small hotel -or boarding-house.
Address 236 Minna st. ;
DI'CATED c GERMAN LADY, SPEAKING
French and English, desires position as gov-
erness ; . excellent . housekeeper; . splendid •: needle-
woman; town or country. Address *.. N. , box 115
Call Office. iio>
"[ AIJY WOULD LIKE POSITION AS HOUSE-
XJ keener or light housework. . Call 137 Seveuth
St.. room 4. ", • " :. ■ ; .' . .'
\ Ot .>« WIDoW. DESIRES A POSITION AS
X housekeeper: city or country. Call Ito 6 only
122 Taylor St.. room 18. ■ ' , '
VOUKG WOMAN FROM THE EAST WANTS
■ X p .sition as working ; housekeeper. . 8651/, Mar-
ket St.. room 18. . ..
RK!S>MAKINO. AND PLAIN, BEWi.No-
cheap. .Call or. address 2118 Mason ju-,%:..: *
Y"OUNG LADY. DESIRES POSITION IN RK-
X fined family as governess; speaks • French . and
Italian; wall. educated : also good seamstress or
care of children. Call 2030 Pacific aye. , •
INUUEdi Eit HOUSE. 44 THIRD. ST.. NIL
Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night-
Isl 60 to sB per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus ana baggage to and from the tarry. ' g
I*. A WEEK'S ' NEWS - FOR , 6 CENTS — THJ»
] A WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing. ~-
__' SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE.
C: R. HANSEN A CO, 110 GEARY BT, FOB.
■y« nlslj haymakers, threshing crews, harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men. min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock
men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mall us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
"I APA NEsk AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
omee; best help. 3148 Sotter: lei Grant SO.
/ 'hlnese and Japanese employment
V ottice-. best help. 4UV» O'Farrt.ll; tel. , . 4-a
f)^-'^ S i K « AND JAPANESE RELIABLK
V help; Main 1997. BRADLKYACO.. 640 Clay.
TA rAN I ED -« ! 10: WILL ANY ONE GIVE RK-
» » nne<i, gentlemanly young man from the East
position of any kind; can furnish $100 security-
poo.l references: would pay $10 to any one getting
CalU>fflcl situation - Address Refined, box 152,
VI AN AND WIFE (FRENCH) WANT SITU A-
iltvi tlons . on Private place; city or country: man
good uardnner wife good cook and housekeeper.
Address J.LOZAHIC, 1316 O'Farrell st.
TNDUSTRJors -' MAN. WITH FIBBT~CLASS
„ r.astern and San Francisco references from last
emp.oyer wants situation as gardener or coach-
man. Address G. c, box 114. Call Office. ..
S I 3iSi ATIONB WANTED— BY YOUNG MAR-
« r~^ ma ? Mcoacl im:m, groom, ;milk. etc.; wife
Add^^g.i^Xw'a^sU 1116 fam " y ° f CanCb -
S*rHs i'? 3 '•WANTED— BOOKKEEPER,
~Z~~J 1S years' experience, with first-class re
drT-M .?' 2- aD P°Blilon at moderate salary. , Ad-
artss U. X., box 65. CalL \ • •
Y olXti MAN wants a POSITION with
,i 7( 1 " 1^* 16 family ; understands care of horses and
Call g references. Address D. M., box 54,
■yoUNG MAN OF GOOD EDUCATION AND
iin/t eilra . nee desires an kind of position; will-
Oakland "fences. T. J., ; box 9. Call Office.
V" L -\ Man WISHES A POSITION AS
x bread or cake baker; able to work alone; no
objection to country. Address 603 Howard sU
-K A 5 T » 1 MAN AND WIFE WOULD LIKE
ArtdSS!?: i On « on gentleman's place or fruit ranch.
Address J. M-, box 143, Call Office. _^
TTOUSECLEANER WANTS TO WASH WIN-
tTp a v &-5 weep room*, etc.: day or hour.
JAPANESE GEORGE, 1210^, Larkln sU
A HM X X -YOUNG tNGLISiiMAN, PRO-
Vn rf i and we " recommended, needs situation.
Address H. D., oox 41.
•\rOUNG WANTS POSITION WITH
-■*■ * Private family: understands taking care of
horses, cows garden, etc.; references. Address Y.
A., box 142, Call Office.
V\ r anxkd -situation asjobgardenkr
"by steady man who understands the business.
Address J. a, box 106, Call Office. -
/CHINESE w ants place: first-class
\J <»ok. houseworker"and washer: In family; city
or country. WANG HOON, 776 Clay st. - -
VI AN AND WIFE WANT SITUATIONS-
-ITX man to cook and bake, wife assist In kitchen
or housework; good reference. Address 221
Minna st.
j)Y ALL AROUND COOK, RESTAURANT
1-' or hotel. Address F., box 33. Call office
CIAVALRY AND INFANTRY . DRILLMaS-
v/ ter wants position as drill-instructor: will also
fill »'iv other position; best of references, call or
address 121 lulton su
yOUNG GERMAN, GOOD CARPENTER,
.o^l cabinet-maker and general mechanic with
tools wants situation of any kind. Address 716
Clementina st.
\ V ANTED - POSITION AS VALET OK
box snsii'offlcV. rertrences - AddreM valet -
17"ALET TO GENTLEMAN-UNPERBTANPS
I massage treatment: best of references. Ad-
dreas V Ai,KT, 316 Stockton st.
ri ARDENER. THOROUGHLY EDUCATED IN
vi all branches of horticulture, orchard and nur-
sery work, reliable, wishes situation, private or
sommerclal. Address A. A., box 63, this office.
\V ANTED- Position AS NIGHT OR DAY
» » watchman for institution, warehouse or store,
by sober man; good credentials., W. H. L.. 747
Howard »v ■
"yOUNG MAN DESIRES TO LEARN
X grocery business. Address N. SANDBERo, 631
Sacramento st., city.  •
YOUNG GERMAN WISHES SITUATION OF
i- any kind. BARTL. 652 Minna st.
SITUATION WANTED- MIDDLE-AGED
>~J man; steady habits: good reference: good all-
round man for private family ; small wages. Ad-
drebs W. X.. box 43, Call Office.
YOUNG MAN, (22), UNDERSTANDS THE
x care of horses: can milk, drive ana do plain
gardening; desires position with private family-
will furnish reference if required. Address D. M
box 107, Call Office. •
ENERGETIC HONEST YOUNG MAN WISH-
xu en position of Honit- kind of work.; very bandy
with tools. Address H. V., box 88, Call. •
O ITU AT lON WANTED BY A GERMAN-
O American boy of 16 who is living with bis par-
ents to work in office, store or wholesale house- he
can keen books and is a good penman. Pieaae ad-
dress 17 Beaver st. >. . . - .
E[ ANDY' JAPANESE GARDENER WANTS
i a situation to take care or horses and cows:
understands all kinds of work: 2 years in last
plae?. Call or address . HAßßY SUZCKAWA,
113 Church st.
LKCTRICIAN AND MECHANICAL
draughtsman .wants position: competent.
Please i-ddresa D. M., box 33, this office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44. THIRD, NEAR
II Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: 1 $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggaeetoand from the ferry.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 third, near
II Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TUB
- V A" KhK.LT CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
VKMAU HELP WASTED. ~
W' AITRESS, HOTEL. NORTH, $20: 2 WAIt"
resses. country hotel, fares paid, $20; wait-
ress, springs, $20; chambermaid, . assist waiting,
country hotel. $20: chambermaid, assist waiting,
country hotel, *20: chambermaid, assist waiting,
city, $lh: 2 waitresses, French hotel, city, $15
and room: waitress, restaurant, city. C R.*HAN-
WEN & CO.. 110 Geary BU
RENC H NURSEGIRt. AND SEW.' $15:
I 1 norse for Invalid, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary sU
IRL FOR HOUSEWORK. HAYWARDS, $20;
» * cook for family, $15: young girl for ht use-
work. Golden Gate, $15: cook,. Hay wards, $16.
C. H. HANSKNI& CO.. 110 Geary st. ...
ALL-ROUND COOK AND BAKER FOR
springs, $50. C. R. HANSEN 4 CO.. 110
Geary «v . v. -,--.. 1
Ol EL. LAUNDRESS, CITY, $20: IBONER,
steam laundry, country, $30. C. R. HANSEN
<fc CO., 110 Geary st. ' ■
/CHAMBERMAID, $20; 2 WAITRESSES
/and chambermaids.' $20: Protestant nurse.
$25; German second girl. $20; coaic - and . second
girl, same house, $25 nnd #-'0; French nurse. $20,
and a large number of girls to till situations In city
and country. J. F. CROfsETT & CO., 312 Sutter.
Y\' ANTKD— KWKDIfSH DRESS AND
II waitress, $25; 2 German cooks. $36, $30:
French and u»>rmnn second. $25: cook and down-
stairs. $25, call early; young girls to assist, $10
and $12. LEON ANDRE. 316 .-tockton.
WAITRKSSES, COUNTRY HOTELS, $20
«J and room: cook for sawmill. $18 to $20. fare
paid: cook, 10 men, $18: nurse. $20 month; 25
h.ius.-tlrls. $10, $15, $20 and $ 5 month. MAR-
TIN's Employment Agency, 749 Market st. •
Gl ERMAN NI'RSERV GOVERNESS. $25.
'_* see lady here; French maid and seamstress,
$25; 15 housework clris. city and. country, $20
and $25; 8 young girls assist, $10 to $15. MI-.S
CLLLEN, 323 .- ti : ter sU ' . '.;
GERMAN NURSERY GOVERNESS, , $25.
Miss CULLKN, 3 3 Sntter st. , .
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN AS NCRSE. ONE
child, $20. MISS CULLE.V, 323 Sutter st.
"L^BKNCH GIRL. CARE OK CHILD 4 YEARS,
X $15. - Miss CULLEN, 323 gutter st. ;
I »' l "MAN WITH A CHILD, ;$l5. M"ISSCr"u
LEN, 323 SuttersU _V -
T^A UN DRESS, $30. MISS CULLEN. 823 SUT-
p la 1 n c"ook7"small b:>arding-ho'use,
$20. Ml.^S CULLKN, 323 SuttersU , -
W ANTED— COOKS. CHAMBERMAIDS AND
girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis.
3G EKM A X COOKS: FRENCH NURSES,
and others. . FENTON A CO., 122 Geary st. -
\\ ANTED— a COMPETENT head sales-
a lady -ln corset manufactory; ■. must have
a fine figure and strictly first-class reference. . Ad-
dress C. c, box 57. this office.
Gi irl for PLAIN COOKING ANDGENERAL
\J- housework: small family wages $12 to $15.
1225 Golden Hate aye. ; reierences. •
ATURSE FOR CHILD OR GIRL FOR LIGHT
■L' housework. 14 Moss St., bet. Sixth and Sev-
enth, near Howard. ..'• •■■••-. t- :.;'.-. •-- :
Y\' ANTED-GERMAN GIRL, MUST BE A
11 flrit-c:ass cook; wages *30. Apply 1610
Iranklin m., 9 to 12 a. m. and 5 to X p. m.
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK, COUNTRY; $20;
no cooking. 609 Kearny St., room B.'. -•• -.*■■.
REFINED LADY TO MANAGE AN OFFICE
business. - Call 131 Post, room 21.
\Y ANTED— PUPILS TO LEARN NEGATIVE
11 retouching; terms reasonable. 131 Post si. .
;YV A TED— GIRL,-. JeOti HOUSEWORK. 838
t 'I O'Farrell st. . . .
G"1 IRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSEWORK:
> no washing. .. 112 second su, upstairs.
( iEKMAN GIRL— uENKRAL HOUSKWORK;
*J wages. $8 to $12 month. 623b Natoma.
GERMAN GIRL TO DO COOKING AND
housework. 1308 Polk at.
]W EAT GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK;
-*•» 2in family: no children... 1122 a Turk st.
AIRDRESSING, MANICURING, BEAUTY
Xi. culture lessons: free to agen a. •- MRS. BUT-
LER, I3i Post st. . ; ' i
OOD FIRST-CLASS COOK WANTED; MUST
V* do plain washlog. 2723 Pacific aye. ■ • :-.
TTI HL T( ) TA KB CARE OF 2 CHILDREN IN
»J the Mission; wages $10. Address MRS.
JAMES, box 110, this office. , :"■. :
\/| IDDLE-Af;ED~WOMAN~TO TAKE CARE
11 ofc: ' iid ren: good references. 1604 Ellis »v
call bet. 10 and 12, 2 and 4.' •
HELP ' WANTED-Contlnned. f ," rw ,^
T EARN CUTTING, FITTING AND FINISH-
"XJ ins:; $1 a week: patterns cut to order. 25c up.
< McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market st.
p IRL WHO SPEAKS GERMAN "FOR SMALL
I VI family without children; wages $12. 1432
O'Farrell sU . - . \. ■ . '■ :. ' .". :■•■-', \.
\VT A NTED-GIR L F OR HOUSEWORK. CALL
1 Jj_ afternoon, 910 Sutter st. : . . ;." r
E~XP;:kIENCKD APPRKNTICK IN TAILOR-
XJ ing; also girl learn pants operating. 206 Minna.
LA D IES— FKEK! FREE! LESSONS EVERY
I -*--< Tnes.,2to3: dresacotting. .14 McAllister, r. 67.
HAIRDRESSING. 250 AND 35c: MOKMNU
and eve classes; 101essons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
HAIR-DKESSING; MANICURING LESSONS.
Miss DOYLE. 119 a Powell st. and 105 Ninth.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
yX Winchester House, 44 Third si., near Market;
£00 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6
r*ry>«-lf : <r-<- 'mis and bagg«g<> 10 and from ferry.
'MALii UtU' WANTED.
SECOND . COol^COUN^^Y~~h7^El7~$6OT
meat and Pastry cook for sprli $50: pastry
cook and baker, hoteL $40; German cook, country
hotel, $35 to $4'); second cook, hotel, $35. C. R.
I HANSEN A CO.. 1 10 Geary st. • . -•-
RAILROAD LABORERS TO GO NORTH. C.
R. HANSKN&CO., 110 Geary st.
ARM E RAND WIFE FOR FRUIT RANCH,
x $40 'and 'fare advanced; farmer and wife, see
pany here;. $35 to $40. C. R. HANSEN * CO.,
j 110 Geary st. , .
ATHMAN, WHO CAN SHAVE, FOR
-»-» springs: free shop, board and lodging, etc., and
1 allowed to charge 50c for a shampoo. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 110 Geary st. .
a WAITERS.. $35, $30, $25. AND $8 PER
I vj week; 3 waiter-boys. $15 and $20; second
baker; German waiter. $30: 6 cooks," $60, $50, 540
1 and $25; 3 dishwashers, $20; ranch cook, fare
paid, $€0: second cook for a camp, $30. MIT.-
I £A\no KE ADY, Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 636 Clay su ;. -o '■.-•■ .
MACHINE BLACKSMITH, $3 DAY: MOUN-
-I'l tain teamsters, $30; 2 scraper teamsters, $20:
farmer and wife, $35, see boss at our office; 2
: milkers: 2 butter-makers; 20 farmers and vine-
; yard hands: harness-maker: 3 choreboys; 20
tiernakera. MURRAY <fe READY, 634 and 636
Clay st., Leading Employment Agents.
C RANCH COOKS. $20: CHAMBERMAID
I *J and wash, $15: waitresses, country hotels, $20
j each: housework and cooking, country. MURRAY
& READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-636
Clay st. ..-.-■- -; v -\. ,-; T
WANTED— IS ITALIAN, SCANDINAVIAN
" or German laborers for mine, $1 a day and
board: 0 tunnel men, $1 50 a day and board: but-
I ter and cheese maker, $30 and found; Eas ecu
farmers. &20 and found: errand boy for country,
! $10 nnd found; teamsters. $1 50 a day; laundry- 1
men, $30 and $35 and found: 1 ook and wife, cou'n- !
: try hotel, $60; restaurant cooks, kitchen men and ,
: others. Apply to J. F. CBOSRTT & CO.. 628 -ac- '
, 1..11U-..10 St.
COOK- AND DISHWASHER, COUNTRY
hotel, $70; Scandinavian teamster, $30 and
; board: miner, Burleigh drill. $3 a day; teamster
and wife, $35: farm liands. $20; farmer and wife.
$30. H. 1 . WARD & CO, 608 and 610 Clay st.
j IV ANTED— WAITER FOR PLAIN -HOTEL,
" $-5: waiter, restaurant, $30: second cook.
country, 830; man about place, private place near"
: city. $20; boy for private family: elderly man to
I do chores, etc. LEON ANDRH, 316 Stockton st.
I \\~ ANTED— COOK FOR MINING BOARDING-
I *» house. $60; cook for resort, near city, $60:
waiters, dishwashers, farmers, milkers and others. ;
W. D. EWKR <fc CO., 6_»H Clay su .
Gl ERaIAN HO lEL C.»oK, *46 AND r.oo .1 ■
1 cook, small hotel, $30 and room; hotel waiter.
*25 and room. MARTIN Employment Agency
749 Market st. ■
! JOURNEYMEN-BARBERS' INTERNATION-
: wal Union No. 27 Employment Bureau. 102
; Seventh st.
I USD MAN WANTS BOY To TRAVEL;
•'must read well; will slve good home. Apply
! C. SMITH, 632 Mission St., room 4, upstairs.
~\\r ANTED— 2 MEN IN LIGHT WORK, $3~Tb
; » » $4 per day, to write posters: no experience re-
quired; hours 2to 4. 866 Broadway, Oakland.
I T\T ANTED— AN ENKRGETIC YOUNG MAN;
I " $3 to $4 per day: no experience required;
j hour* 10 to 12. )049a Market st.
A DVERTISING SOLICITOR WANTED BY' A
SX German daily. Apply at 683 Merchant st.
I after 4 p. m.
Good"" short -order SECOND COOK.
T Golden Rule Restaurant, 959 Market sU
HOEMAKKR WANTED AT 6SI SECOND
: O st. ; call early.
DISHWA-HKR WANTED AT EUREKA HO-
tel, 415 Bran nan st. -
i pARTNER WI I li $100 TO HELP IN BUTCH-
j ;f_ shop: good outside trade. 1409 Folsom st.~
ARTXER IN RESTAURANT: TAKE CAKE
dining-room and cash. Apply Call Office.
j WANTED —BY EXPERT ACCOUNTANT '<
1 TT several sets of books to write up evenings; i
also, lessons In bookkeepinc given: terms mod-
erate; best of references. Address L. C, dox 144
I Call < fflce - ' .
ANTED — BOY TO LEARN BARBER
trade. 227^ Second st. .. -.
ARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
■i on hand: shoes to order, 93 50; hand-sewea
I shoes, $5. 726^ Howard St., near Third. .
I AST WEEK OF CLEARANCE SALE OF !
J boots and shoes: will be sold at any price. 638 j
Market st., opposite Palace . Hotel.
IJAKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
J) P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
ARBKRS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay. I
B AUK Kits' ASSOCIATION Or" lAi. till'LOl-
menu Secy. P. 1 . liamann.' -j:9i ., t»'PHrr<'tl.
BABBRBS— IBC SHOP FOR SALE; CLEARS
X> $20 a week; trial given. Apply Call Office.
BARBER-SHOP, 4 CHAIRS. OLD STAND.
for sale; $125. Inquire this office. > • .
ARBER-SHOP, REVOLVING CHAIRS; IM-
mcdiatesale: departure: bargain. 517 East st.
ARBKR to TAKE charge OF small '
shop. 709 Fifth aye.. near Bay District.
YV ANTED — A SALESMAN WHO HAS A I
»' thorough knowledge of the stove and hard- j
ware business, and who has bad some experience I
! as traveler. Apply by letter, stating salary re-
quired and references, to C D., box 107, Call
! office. ,
! WANTED- FOR THE UNITED STATES !
I TT Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un- '
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less th»n 5 feet 5 inches in height; of good ;
character and I temperate habits; able to read I
I write and speak English properly; only citizens of '
; the United States or persons who have legally de- !
! clared their intentions to becom» citizens will be ;
; accepted: this important branch of the naval j
soi vice offers special Inducements; giving oppor-
-1 tunities to visit all parts of the word on board our !
I new cruisers. For further information apply at the
I Recrui Ing Office. 20 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal. !
YEW WALDO HOUSE, 765* MISSION BET. j
! J-i 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
i 50c;week $1 to $'.! 60 room ;strlclest atten- I
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet: open all night. \
Sunny rooms FROM~SITO $3 PER WEEK. i
The New Grand, 24 Third st.
WINCHESTER HOUSK 44 THIRD ST..NEAK I
TT Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading
room: fre^ bus and baggage to and from the ferry.:
LODGINGS, 5c TO 15c PER NIGHT; CLEAN.
XJ Continental House, 521 Paclfl , below Kearny.
YV ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
IT some simple thin? to patent? Protect your
! Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDERBURN A Dept. L, Patent Attor- !
neys, Washington, D. C. for their $1800 prlre offer
and Us: of 200 inventions wanted. " . 1
\\ T E HAVE A LOT .OF DAMAGED SHOES ■
II selling at less than fourth their value: cast '•
off shoes bought or exchanged. 562 Mission st.
rriRY acme HOUSE, 957 MARKET st., be- i
»X low Sixth, for a room: 26c anight; $1 a week. :
SINGLE FURNISHED ROOMS. 25c NIGHT, :
$1 week. . Rosedale Hoosi*, 321 Ellis, nr. Taylor.
INI>ELL HOUSE. SIXTH AM) HOWARD
' ' sts. ; single furnished rms 75c week, 15c night, j
1 ( MEJN To TAKE LODGING AT lite, l&c '
X\'\J and 200 a nlghu including coffee . ana rolls
ti.'4 Washington St., near Kearny. -
S.-REMOVKD"FROM 609 CLAY TO 643 !
. Cay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, sc.
BEST IN CITY- -SING' E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND '
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, SI 60 per week. '
Pacific house. Commercial and Lel<le3dorlT sts.
r \\/~i- AXE SKUB DOCTORS; ,WE REPAIR I
IT your old shoes and make them as good as new. I
and with our new machines we can do your work
■tone-half the usual price; done while you wait. ;
Ct>2 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
EM PLACE IN THE CITY: FOR SECOND^
hand shoes, 749 Mission st., opp. Grand Opera-
house: new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 60
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and I
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. '
OOMS 150 TO 76c PKR NIGHT: 60c TO *1 60
per week. Oriental, 225 Drummsu
ANTED— t,ABOKERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third 150
large rooms; 26c per nigh:: $1 to $3 per week. ■
WANTED, IO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers&clerKS. KNOX Collection Agcy. 110 Sutter
LCIIO HOUSE, 863Va A MARKET. : ST.-
Kooms 20c., 25c. to 50c. night; $1 :o $S week.
\\ EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
ill, all grocers keep It. _;
ED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
y »ek; rooms for two, '-'5c a day, $1 60 a week;
rtadlng-room: dally papers. ;36 Clay su?;
ANTED- MEN TO LKARN -I BARBER
;, II » trade only 8 weeks reoulred ; . tools given and .
rataloirnw sent *. F. Barbr School. 1515 Howard. •
AtiENTi %VANTEI». ■ -.:'
T^PkKiKNCKD LADY AG N TS TO CAN-
XJ vass lor an article that is u^ed in every house-
I hold. Call and examine, 2 to 4 p. U., 1211 Mission.
I~\ WE NTS, M ALK ■- A I) - FEMALE TO SE LL
Press', patent long-handle dustpan. 9Vi Bth st.
. GENTS— HOUSEHOLD AKTICLE YOU CAN
s\ ' sell; ; makes * money. ' ■ Department A, Detroit ■
! Paper-bag Company. l)«: roit. Mich. ■■ ■
! — ■ —^ *— i— » —^—^ —
_ KOOMS WANTED. : ; v '- .-'
TTNFURNISiiED ROOM FOR YOUf?G~MAN^
\J city or suburban. U. JR., box 32, Call, .; v
IF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BUSI
ness. LUBELSKI A CHASE, 7 City Hall aye
AOOCA ESTABLISHED GROCERY AND
O— ' — <-)"- bur business; actual value of price
asked in stock and fixtures; good local and out-
side trade; mast be sold, owner Interested in other
business: Investigate this place. LUBELSKI <&
CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.
I Oil (\f\C\ HORSESHOEING BUSINESS IN
] <ir.lv/uU. one of the best locations in the city;
doing a fine business; will sell, trade or take a
partner; investigation reque«te<l: rx re opportun-
ity. LUBKLSKI & CHAsk.- 7 City Hall aye.
1"OR SALE — MAGNIFICENT GROCERY,
J with .2 teams: must be sold immediately: no
• reasonab off r refused: fullest investigation.
LU I-' X I & CHASE. 7 City Hal aye.
IF YOU WANT A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
let us show you s mic tin- places at bargains; call
I at once. LUBELSKI A CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.
: ©1 fi(\f\ OLD - ESTABLISHED corner
I tDIUUU, saloon on prominent street; long
lease; Investigate this bargain. STENBERGCO.,
b32 Market. . .
Ql Ol\f\ PARTNER IN GOOD P WING
«TpIOUU. saloon. STENBERGCO., 632 Mar-
i ket st. ; . . : . . ■ ■- . ; .
CJjToE v ORNER STATIONERY, BOOK AND
«3P-Lj»«J. notion store, with splendid front; oppo-
site prominent park and ficbuol; rent $12: invoice
poods: sickness. STENBERG CO.. 632 Market.
1 ~ffl» 1 i<Of\ PAKTNEK WANTED IN ONE OF
I «iP lUvU. the, best printing offices in the city,'
employing six printer*: a; grand opportunity /or
an active business man to clear $200 per month.
STENBEKG «fc CO., 632 Market su
©97?: CORNER FRUIT STORE; OLD ES-
ttT'W ' O. tablished; living rooms: receipts aver-
$12: retiring. SIENBERG CO., 632 Market.
<sllinrt corner SALOON ON trans-
i®XX\J\J. fer point," rent $50: 5 years' lease:
! average daily receipts $18: rarest chance; owner
, keeps 2 places. WILKE & WOLFF, 531 California
C&9finn DRUG ■ STORE in west.-
j tIp^.UUW. Addition; 4 living-rooms; rent $45:
i established years: large patronage: owner to re-
tlre. WILKE & WOLF, 631 California 8U
! Qf{f)A PARTNER WANTED IN CORNER
t£)\J\J\J. grocery and bar; good location; close
!to Market st. WILKE A WOLF. 631 California.
i CjOXri DAIRY AND DKLICACY STORE."
tJPOt/l/. in Mission: rooms; low rent: very good
I paying. WILKE & WOLF. 531 California st.
(S^O^n GOOD SALOON AND MILK DEPOT.
O<JyJ. WILKE & WOLF, 631 California s .
©1 ftOfl CORNER SALOON ATTERMINUS
! tipJLUUU. of Scar lines: 5 private looms; mag-
nificently fitted up; safe.- cash register, etc.: old-
established business and has always made money ;
rent cheap: clears $100 a month. M. LESS & CO.,
I 783 V 3 Market st.
, tlt7?v BRANCH BAKERY INKESIRABLE
1 <}P lU. portion Western Addition; rent low;
living rooms; good steady trade. M. LESS, 783V 2
! Market st. * •
(lI;XXA BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, NO-
*ir<JU\J. tions. sta'.lonery, etc.; corner in best
portion of Western Addition; 4 living-rooms; large
stock; nicely fitted up: does a well-- nying busl-
| ness. M LESS & CO., 783% Market St.*
! (JtlftO BRANCH BAKERY, STATIONERY
HDIUU. and candy store: north of Market St.:
low rent: doing fair business: living-rooms with
furniture included. See BARRETT. 1125 Market.
ALSO ONE NORTH OF MARKET FOR $125";
doing fair business. BARRETT, 1125 Market.
Oil £,f| FRUIT AND VEGETABLE Si ORB; :
; VpX\J\fm best location; receipts average $15 a
day: horse and waaon; low rent: living rooms.
See BARRETT, 1125 Market st. .
flit^Fl CIGAR-STORE, STATIONERY AND
*U;t»— *-*• laundry office: No. 1 location: living
■ rooms: low rent; doing good business. See BAR-
RETT, 1125 Mtrket st. ■ .. ■ .
<C 1 Z.(\ y BUSINESS MAN OF GOOD
I «IPl<'V/. standing and reputation wants partner
: to assist him: will guarantee good wages, with
1 best prospect of large increase: must be willing to
work and assist generally; business easily learned.
I Particulars GKO. STEWART. 602 Market st.
I <tt4ort BAKERY: ELEGANT PLACE,
j V «> thoroughly equipped in every respect;
well estaDlished and paying: selling on account of
. old age; proprietor owns property: cheap rent;
! living-rooms, barn, etc;, nice horse and wacon:
; Investigation invited; don't miss it. GEO. STEW-
ART, 602 Market st. . " -
<Si ] 9AA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR:
, ta?±wUU. best location in this city: receipts,
; $20 per day; ll vine-rooms: rent only $20 with
i long lease; cheap at $1500: best of reason for sel-
| ling: great bargain. See OUgf STRAND, 46 Third
! ©1 XA STEADY MAN WANTED A 8 PART-
■ *3)Xk}\J, ncr in genteel cash business; clears $75
I per month each; no experience necessary: duties,
! to serve customers. STRAND. 45 Third st.
CIGAR STORE, WHOLESALE DISTRICT,
VJ will sell a: Invoice on account of departure; a
I great bargain. JOHNSTON, 26*6 Kearny st.
HOTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS:
' new 6-story and basement brink, building, con-
i taining 98 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
lichied basement: centrally located, half block X
1 of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building; newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply, to S. SILVr.RBEKG, 320
Miniomc St.. room 39.
rpHE DEL NORTE HOTEL, CRESCENT CITY,
X California— beat equipped, house- in North-
ern California is now offered for sale, or can be
leased on favorable terras; this house is the best
paying Investment In- Northern California, aud
must be disposed of on account of sictci.ess. hor
terms and particulars apply or address E. YATES,
proprietor. Crescent City, Cal. v,
WANTED — PARTNER WITH $10,000 TO
" $20,000 In a very profitable and safe business;
well established and complete plant and capable
of doubling product; ample security given: no
agent need apply. Address E. P., box 89, this office.
DOCTOR'S PRACTICE; WORTH $1800 TO
$2000 per annum; stock of drugs and utensils
for $200, actual value of stock; location one of the
most promising mining towns in Mate. Address
I. L., box 69, Call office, 710 Market st., -. F. '
SALOON; IMMEDIATE DISPOSAL ON AC-
count of death: no reasonable offer refused:
stocK, fixtures: lease 3% years; the whole for
$575; if not sold by 25th will be disposed' of at
auction. H., box 72, Call Office.
TfOK SALE— AN INTEREST IN A FIRST-
X class, well-establlsbed commission business-
capital required from $3000 to $5000; good op-
portunity tor the right man. Address a, box 75,
Call office. - -
GOOD OPPORTUNITY ; SELLING • OUT TO
VJ close estate: business est. since 1869: amount
needed $40,000: owner will remain if arrangement
can be made." Address F. D., box 137. Call Office.
a&o.^n SALOON, adjoining DEPOT im
HP+jijyj. thriving town on main line of road near
this city; finely fitted; excellent trade; no compe-
tition. UNDERWOOD, 765 Market SU
X\r ANTED— TO TRADE 500 ACRES, TEN-
»» nessee, also 300 acres, Missouri, no encum-
brance, for established business or merchandise.
Address C, box 85, Call Office.
Oi^n CIGAR AND TOBACCO STORE,
qpviJxr. with laundry office andclubroom; es-
tablished several ye-rs, with a good, steady trade.
.-., box 148. Call office. • ..
ANTED-PARTN.ER IN • LUMBER AND
'•planing mill bus nr-ss: ;must have $5000;
stano investigation. Address F. G. WILSON
Brooklyn Hotel, S. F. :
\I'ANIKI>- PABTNBB WITH $150 TO IN-
» » vest: can make $176 per month- sure profits
Call on CURRIEK, rm. 30, History, building, 723
Market su
C*')^A PARTNER WANTED IN THEM AN-
»j! — U\J. ufiu-tiin- of the best campaign button
yet issued. Address W. H. I!., box 18. Call Office.
C?->^M INVESTED EARNED: APRIL, 9806;
tITi,«>U May. $362; June, $374: 1895 averaged
$85 weekly : proofs free. F. DA L 1293Bdwy,NY.
L'Oi: RENT— LA HUE BASE.\I KNT SAIOO.V;
X completely furnished for business: low rent.
Inquire roonvG2}i. Parrott building, 825 Market st~
you SALE HEAP — WOOD AND COAL
I 1 yard: machinery to cut wood; express busi-
neBs. etc: ccarsslso a month 810 Sixth st.
ALL MAN UFA CTUUING BUSI
O only one in the city: small capital; no Sunday
or night work. 110 Ellis St., Palmer House.
tit I EXPRESS BUSINESS FOR SALE,
•U'-l— «J. on account of sickness; good -stand:
clearing $80 mouth. Apply 205 Larkln st.
ft IQAfI CORNKR FAMILY ~ LIQUOR"-
«in I Zj\7U. store: 6 rooms: long lease;- good
chance for two men. Appl y at Call Office. I
lA ANTED— BY cook ANU WIFE, TO RENT
»» or take charge of restaurant, dining-room or
coffee-saloon. Address L. E., box 9, Call.
OLD - EsfABLISHED~LIQubR^ BUSINESS
for sale on account :of death. Apply between
10 and 12 a. m., 613 Montgomery st. Detw een
Q7^ WILL BUY GO D routk~for~a
tS) • O. salable article: good from $60 to $75 a
month. Apply 6 Golden Gate aye. •
I.AKfcRY AT A BAHOAIN; BAKKSFROM3
1 ) to 4 bbls. of flour daily ; full inspection allowed.
Ceutervllle, Alameda County. .-
WANTED— YOUNG MAN WITH $200 IN
*» paying offlc business: money secured Ac-
dres. X., box 85, CaU Office. : v ; AC
l/OR SA LE-GOOD PAYING SALOON ; CAUSE
X for selling, owner going East. Addre^ 1 i 7
GOULD, box 8. Petaluma. *«»•«
\ i, INE FIXTURES AND SMALL STOCK OF
10^ 001118 -
T3 Vr^ % P gSy«SF^?
quire D.ROTHENf.USH. eM • In-
AN ELEGANT GROCERY, IMMEDIATELY"
TT OTEL; 26 R( h MS; RKNT $35- SELL OV ~v7="
H2p3S2E£fs£gg
1 1500. S°««* sSSVi «-SS
I TNTEHIOR AGENCY.OF fin Pm , c. . ■ i.-~
P er^^ ! a;^
.H>Hl»O(> J-Oi^HALF-INTEKKsr IN MANU
fact u ring busine.i.. H2B Bush, nn.4.
WOit SALK ok EXCHANGE FOR VACANT
-«• property-Saioou cor. Ritch and Townsend sts.
" BUSINESS ,' CHANCES— ,
" A TTENTION," BUYERS.— COR. LIQUOR SA-
A on among business houses: no night or Sun-
day- work: selling less than price of fixtures: offer
wanted. Wood, coal, hay and feed business. 5
stalls, which pay rent of yard; full value $300.
Partner wanted ■in commission business; clears
$75 a month to each: and all kinds of businesses
for sate br HEAL V A CO., 23 Kearny st.
r> OOD ROUTE FOlt SALE ON th paper.
ijT -Apply T. P. RIORDaN, 632 Market, room 2.
.4.7; A • BRANCH BAKERY AND COFFEE
«]p I OU. saloon: bar connected. Inquire Call.
<Si 1 n(\ RESTAURANT: THIS IS A BAR-
tIDIUU. gain. Ap. D. McRAE, Mission.
\TICK SALOON. FOR SALE;- CHEAP: ON
IN Kearny st. : no agents. Apply Call Office..
"PART.VCR WANTED (GERMAN), $-6 CAPI-
X ta! ; by lady of means. 12 Mason, room 2.
r\LD-ESTABLISHED CORXKR GROCERY;
\J bar. HILBEI'.T EROS., 103 Powell sU
A LOON: LONG LEASE; LOW RWNT. AP-
ply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific at. ;
/ < BOCKRV AND BAR— TRANStER COR-
'VT ner. Apply at this office: no agents, y
GROCKRY AND i!A.. F-i. oaL..; LiibAf;
\J two living-rooms. 1044 Folsom st
JTiIXE CORNER SALOON AND RESTAUR-
- ant. Corner of Fell and Stanyan sts. .
AI.OON'— MIST BH SOLD IMMEDIATELY;
bargain. Apply 735 Mission st.
"I ODGING-HOUSK IN MINING town. ad.
,XJ dress (i. b., A ugels Camp. ■ ' "-' ■'■
T ARGE BASEMKNT TO LET UHEAP. COR-
XJ ncr First and Market sts.
"I IQUuR-sTORE FOR SALE. INQUIRE 733
XJ Devisadero st.
VOH SALE-FISH MARKET. 495 HAIGHT
J street. . ■
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
16-ROOM HOUSE, ONLY §350
*lpOO\J.' 55-room corner hous", only 1800
60-room hotel and bar to exchange.... 2000
6t> rooms, clearing $250 ....'..".. 3500
60-room board bouse 5000
9 rooms, only— yes — only 225
12 rooms, only 150 cash and payments.- 600
10 rooms, corner, only ." 1500
14 rooms. $100 cash, balance payments. 300
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
99 ROOMS ON. MARKET 5T..... ..- $000
£t£t 45 rooms, corner, clearing $200... $1800
50 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 to. $5000
.Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market st. . .. ■
,|Q ROOMS $1300 11 R00M5.......: $175
iO Fine transient 150 43 rooms, pay mts 600
130 r00m5.......... 7000 18, bay-window..- 260
34 rooms 600 180 rooms _ 8000
22 rooms. 375 63 r00m5.... .... 1600
UNDERWOOD, 766 Market sU ;■
PRIVATE LODGING-HOUSE OK TWELVK
X rooms for sale cheap: to be seen from 2 to 5.
319 First st. No agents. ' *'*-
I^CKNISHED MING- HOUSE OF 26
JP rooms for sale or to let. 325 Ellis st.
TOOK AT THIS — 7 ROOMS FUJINISUED:
Ju first class : price $100. 1416 Howard. . .
ACRIFICED. : : ~~ ~~. *:
O 2t> mrgniflcently furnished rooms: owner
called East; choice location:' unexcelled for tran-
sient- Sacrifice, iox 148, Call Otlict-. ■ ■
Ol SE OF 15 WELL-LIGHTED ROOMS,
suitable for lodciog-house: $25. 544 Sixth st.
i'UlCMll!:^ t- v,z- ■jwiti!. ■- ".
T^IRTrsALIT!
X I Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed 5et5....... $18 50
E. d lounges 8 00
Stoves ;.."... 7 50
Carpets, per yard 65
Linoleum, per yard ' 55
Matting, per yard , 10
■ Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we -are conducting business
at ! SE. corner Seventh and Mission sis. J.
NOON AN. '.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOB,'
lowest prices on household goods, neW or goo!
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
Al\l\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS. $14;
tytyf wove*. $6: parlor sets, $20: foldlng-hedi.
$10: bt-d- ounces. $7. T. P. MCCARTHY llj 4th.
. VUKNJXCKE WASTED.
IW ANT FU RNITURE AND OFFICE ~F ix!
tures of any kind ; will pay good prices. Call oc
send card 7 City Hall aye.
JC. MUTHER, AUCTIONEER, 601 (All-
. fornia st,, corner Kearny, pays best price for
furniture and merchandise. : - ■
INDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS to M."
J. SIMMONS' Auc. Co., 1057 Market, pays cash.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PKICES FOB FURNl-
turn and merchandise gee KURD, 211 Larkln.
H Mayer buys your furniture,
. rariwis. piano. 1 1 :-t ~- Market: i.-1. Jessie 7dL
CARPUX CLEANING. "
ONES cd^C-A^^KF^Cl^A2iiSa~ASO
O renovating works. Ala:n office 25 and •£! Btti.
pARPET CLEANING, 3c.: LAYING, 3c. ; KUtt
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. htrattpn, 19 Bth at.
BEAT WEgTKUN - CAJ!PfcT-BKATI\B
a works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Sth; phone Jessie 253.
r HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
f T poor worK send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. -. lei. So. 40.
/ ON KLIN'S CARPET KKATING WORKS. iSt
\J Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 126.
ITY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
\J Unit. 38 Sth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
TTaRPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATEO
\J like new. FERGUSON <fe CO. 23 Tenth: tal.
fcouth SB. D. mackintosh &CO., successors.
I t. V. ITCHE CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 34(1
0 . 14th su: cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 71.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovatine works. 1 * 453 Stevenson: ML south 223.
» WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TEB
WEEKLY CALL. Id wraoDer. for mailing.
iil.llHAl.. ~
A BLESSING TO .• LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities • and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment;
never tails; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well-
travelers helped Immediately; prices to suit the
times; home in confinement. DR. & MRS.
DA VIES, 14 McAllister st., next Hlbernla Bank-
consult free: French regulating pink pills ■ $2"
hours from 9 a, m. to 6 p. it. and 7 to 9 p. it.
LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few boars: saf and sure relief
guaranteed: travelers helped without delay, pri-
vate home In confinement; regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice- MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladle*, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere: you will save tlma
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Poa: st.. near fcarkln.
ANEW PROCESS— MEDICINE, INSTRTJ-
nieni or worthless jills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female tioubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day-
can be sent aud used at home: all cases guaranteed:
if you want to. be treated safe and Bur- call on a
man's physician. DR. I'OPPKR. sis Kearny at.
LADIES til KSTER'S ENGLISH PEN V Y-
rovat Piils (Diamond Brand) are the best:
safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c, stamps for
particu'ars, "Relief for Ladies." in letter by re-
turn mall: at druggist's. Chichester Cnemical Co.
Philadelphia. Pa. '
DRS. GOODWIN, DISEASES WOMEN SPE£
ciaity: imexceled in restoring Irregularity or
other conditions: home iv confinement: best care-
low fees; pills $2. Moved to 904 McAllister st
ALPEAU'S FRENCH PILLs-A BOOK TO
-ex ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger-
lafe and cure; $2 50 express C. O. D.; don't deW
cntil too late. OSGOOD Bltos.. Oakland. CaL^^
MRS. Dr;. \VKt.K.S,-.K VAKtS 0, 1L )1^.-, iJJ^
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Kddy K.
SURE CURE H)K ALL 1 i . ii ALEDIB ASEsT
KJ from whatever : cause ; a home in contiuemea;
with every comfort;' saiisfaction guaranteed, by
MKS. DR. GWYK K. 226 Turk St.
Yj RS. M. E. RODGERS. PRIVATE HOME IX
nx confinement; terms reduced. 929 Howard st.
TV.I BS J. A. ACHaUD, UIDWIiK BOMB IX
-L»x confinement: 25 yrs' experience. 555 Mission.
TF IRREGULAR OR ANY' FEMALE DI-EASE
■iaeeailtS.l)R. PUKTS and be content. 264 4th.
PRIVATE HOMK IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.'
-«- DR. FUXCKE. 1416 Eighth at.. Alameda. ...
DX. HALL, 71 MCALLISTER s»TREKT. NEAI6
_X y - Jonf '3. i: . V usi-3.0i women and children.
Pi A - KRH CURED. A. L. WHEELOCK, 614
V Kearny su. Maine house.
r^'vV". 1 " AN!> BEST IX AMERICA-TUB
11 t, 1 t ?A CALL, sent to any address in the
c nit ed States or Canada one year for $150, post-
free. .
IK l-'iiS3i<.>>i.i.L. - «.-Ai;JJ>. •
FBANKBHAT, ATTORNS Y-AT-LAW. ROOM
x -t'.l. tout b Bo i. Parrott building (Emporium).
UT ILL,*. - i>, -..■>, ETC. L. SONTaG, ATT'Y
and Notary. 116 Market: res., 2126 Howard.
JOHN K. i;ICH~ARJJS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
-23 and 27, Crocker bnilding; telephone Mala
75, San Francisco. Cal.
JOHN R. AIIK i . AND MAURICE LASHER
ill ly sa: !aiv, nn-* M 0...',.:, 5 li tlnor. i'.irro- 1 old?.
SI'OKAUE.
OTOKAG - 1 in THE 1 ITV ■ vS£S-
O proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
1? 6 R NtTURK. PI A OS, TRUNKS; AD-
X I vances. shipping. l HAS. L. T\YLOK,2O4 Post.
A.. B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
■■£»-• low rates: ii-^-proo. building: Kasternplac
TYI'EWKITEKS. • .-
REMINGTON. »8S : SMITH. r^KNTTFOR
XV. aamnle work. SCOTT A BANNAN.333MnUmy '
;U"A.>Xjt;l>-Sj.iiCIiLL.ANi:oUS.
~\\r ANTED—TO I'.l^ SECOND^HAjJB PAIR
_*' ! of twi 1 chas s and; a proof- press. Address
P. P., box 105, Call Offica. . , .
SECOND -HAND ■ KODAKS. CAMERAS'
|«?Ui»es, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery
SELL - Y OUR~BOOn:s. CLOl'UiiSu ANUJKW"
•its to A. KLEIN. IU9 Sis,iU si.; ketul co*ui.' HOUSES TO LET.
91 07 HOUSE B BOOMS BATH 1
—. — "L'l rent reasonable. Apply 10 to 4, on
premises.
ii 1 A HOUSE: 6 ROOM.-i; YARD. 917
IP 1 "- Treat aye.. near Twenty-second st.
pACIFICHTS.; 10 R.; COMPACT. MODKRN,
"r"^ 11 * 110 ' or lor sttle: V-J cash, bal. same as rent.
I HE MCCARTHY C 0.7646 Market sU
LAKK MERKITT DISTRICT. OAKLAND; 13
J-'r.; elegant, modern, complete, or for sale: Vb
«-■ ah, bal. same a.-» rent. MCCARTHY CO., 646 Mkt
Q1 A COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS: 83 SHIPLEY
V x "*"• st., near *ourth (Jormerly Louisa).
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE _ CO., 218-220 Mont-
gomery st. '
I 9 PAGE— OFS ROOMS AND LARGE
1 & stable. • •
7()Q laurel AYE., nea"b7b"uchanan-6-
-1 \/u room house; $12; water extra; baiement;
yard. ■ • . •
PLENDID 12- ROOM HOUf E, 3598 TWENTY -
first street, cor. Guerrero, suitable for board-
ing or private residence; very low rent, tee it. ■
HOUSE— A RICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN _ HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery st.
VUKMSHEI) HOUSES.
C~oz\ sunny" flat to let; 6 rooms and
bath: furniture for sale, very reasonable.
6151^ Hyde st. . . . - -
COTTAGES TO LET.
C{Q ~»fi COTTAGK: H ROOMS. 19 PHOS-
ipV.OXJ. pect aye.. bet. Twenty-seventh and
Twenty-eighth sts.. near Mission.
1 OVELY MODERN 6-ROOM SUNNY COT-
Xj tage; rent $15. 4392 Seventeenth st., above
Douglass.-
ft Q COTTAOE: FLAT, ' »10: BOTH
\3sO.Oyj. reduced. Owner. 1128 Vallejo st.
RENT CHEAP; SUNN^ COTTAOES; 4 AND
x\i 5 rma; bath, basement, yard. 15th «fc Dolores.
FURNISHED FLATS.
To RK.NT-KU.i.AN ! I'IUNIsIIKD FLAT^7
rooms; bath. 1242 McAllister, NE.cor.Stelner.
QIC ELKGANT MODERN SUNNY FLATS;
0 U\ 6rooms.ba:h. 135 San Jose nr. 24th.
FLATS TO LET.
1I X A LTH , PLEABUR 1 ■: AN D ECONOMY
-Ii combined; all bright, cozy flats: 5 rooms:
bath: marine view. 8 and 10 Hanover place, off
Sacramento st., below Alason: keys cor. Mason;
large dwelling. .
"OOX 1613 SUTTER, NEAR OCTAVIA-B
«~5O«J. rooms and bath. ASHTON _ GAR-
DINER, 411 Montgomery st. -
1 ~»0~t GOLDEN GATE AVK.-4 TO 5
J *J\J<J rooms: unfurnished; pleasantly located.
TT-LAT OF FOUR ROOMS. SO LOUISA STT,
-1- off Fourth, near Folaom ; rent 11..
\1 ARKET ST., NR. SIXTH (REAR OF 1019
1U- Market)— Flats of 3 and 4 rooms: rents only
98. $10 and $12. Apply to BALDWIN _ HAM-
MQND. 10 Montgomery st. . .-."
9£* l 4. BUTTER— A NICE SUNNY FLAT;
-"•ii yard front and rear; everything moaern;
$16. ' - - - -.
Q"|9 CHEAP; UPPER FLAT: 6 HuoMS.
iipX^j. 716* A Tehama St., near Eigh.th.
IpURNITURK FOR HOU«SE3: INSTALLMNTS
new or 2nd hand. Lundy Furn.Co.,Bl3 Market.
LOWER FLAT. 6 SUNNY ROOMS AND
bath, basement and yard. 184 Page st.
DESIRABLE SUNNY CORNER PLAT: 6
rooms: latest Improvements. 1541 Eddy st.
<2«90 A NICK UPPER FLAT; 6 ROOMS
<JP— 1 *J. and bath. 521 Second st.
, It] (i FLAT 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 1027
iJPXK). Post st., near Polk.
Q9C ELEGANT FLAT, 6 ROOMS, BATH;
<4?.— *J' all new Improvements. 762 Folsom. 1
~~~T~T WATMr FREE: -j:u PROSPER ST.,
<tjJ)Xrx. off Sixteenth; half a block from Market:
lovely lower 4-room flat; sun all day: key north-
west corner Seventeen and Sanchez sts.
JQ7I HaIGHT— LOWER FLAT. 4 ROOMS'
•JO I -■> yard, basement; rent $11 50.
"1 TAP! POs-T— SAND 4 ROOM SUNNY FLATS; 1
X I UD garden, bath: $13 and $16.
"1 "I 99 BROADWAY — FLAT OF 4 ROOMS;
1 X £i±. rent $14. ■ - . ..'
"~~T~4 WATER FREE; LOVELY UPPER
O-LU. modern sunny 6-room flat; 100 feet from
Castro cars- 4073 Twenty-third St.: key 4075. -.
ESIRABLE SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOM'S,
with bath and all modern improvements.
1633 Bush st., bet. Franklin and Cough: rent, In-
finding water, $42 50.
1 QA7 STEIN EK, NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
IX I flat, 6 modern, large, sunny rooms; bath.
PUT- A NICK FLAT AND OTHERS TO
X rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
YEW FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BaTH; $12;
i-> water free. 529 Ivy aye.
"L^LKGANT NEW FLATS. bKVKXTH ST.. B_-
Tj tow iirvant. 5 and 6 nwnn. bmh: 9* 10 Hie.
'_ __•_■_ liULstKthl'l.Niji - KOOHS. -'
Ash Avenue. ~
"1 AQ ASH AYE.— 2 NICE UNFURNISHED
IUO rooms for housekeeping; $8.
— u«h Streei.
"I 9QQ BUSH, CORNER LARKIN— 3 UNFUR-
JL— UQ nished rooms, $11 50; first floor.
■''-'Y>.\. • Clementina Street.
ACn CLEMENTINA — UNFURNISHED
"Ul housekeeping room.
JbUdv Street.
Q*| 7 E DDY-H O U EPI N G ROOMS:
OX I nicely furnished ; splendid location ; private
family. |
* Ul C EDDY— 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS, GAS",
OX%J range; fine location; private family; refer-
ence.
Elgin Park.
Oft ELGIN PARK— 3 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
O\J furnished complete; piano; reasonable.
1 "
I illmnre Street.
$1f) 3 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS TO SMALL
tg)!U. lamUy. 2213 Flllmore St.. near Clay.
uulden Gate Avenue.
Kin GOLDEN GATE AYE.— FINELY FUR-
XfJX\J nlshed alcove; housekeeping: $10.
Hayes Street.
1 41 Q HAVES— SUITE OF ROOMS; USE OF
X'xXO kitchen.
■■ .. . Howard Stree..
QAf\ HOWARD-PLEASANT SUNNY SUITE
O~t\J of rooms with kitchen.
1 1 At} HOWARD— 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS,
X-Lrr_ l connecting: water: rent $12 50. n
Litrkln S:ree..
Qf)A LARKIN-SUNNY FURNISHED BED-
CVJI room ana kitchen, $9; double room, $7.
1 flfiti PARKIN — SUNNY FURNISHED
J.UUU parlor floor. $20; also single rooms, $4.
3i in 11 a Street.
AQG MINNA — FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
-OU Ing room with stove: rent reasonable.
C\A(A MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
O~l\J housekeeping; large yard.
Aiikslon strew..'
RRA 1 MISSION - NEATLY FURNISHED
O"J_2 room; complete for housekeeping: rent
cheap. " . ,
I 999 MISSION-2 ROOMS. FURNISHED
i — — — complete for housekeeping; gaar bath.
."■", Natoma Street.
79A NATOMA — 2 LARGE MICE SUNNY
I —v/ rooms for housekeeping.
- Mew Montgomery street. "
"1 AC NEW MONTGOMERY— NEWLY PA-
XKJO pored and renovated; cheapest lurnished
housekeeping suites in city; see them.
Perry Street. ~
QQ f4 . FINE UNFURNISHED SUNNY
•a V. rooms: new house; separate entrance;
rear. 263 Perry st. »
Post Street.
.7-1 C POST — LOWER FLOOR " UNFUR-
i -it-' Dished; whole or part; tor housekeeping;
central. • .. . : V
seventh Street.
"I Q/*» SEVENTH '. — SUNNY FURNISHED
-LOU front single rooms: $1 week.
1 C 7 SKVKNTH— LA~RGK ROOMS FOR
lOi housekeeping; $8 and $9. -• . • --
0901 SEVENTH -3 NICE" SUNNY UN-
O— furnished rooms: cheap. '
Stockton street.
NW. COR. STOCKTON AND FILBERT— 3
• rooms furnished complete for housekeeping;
yard; cheap. ' • • -
iinril •■ . «o .
99A THIRD. OL'IO.n nOUHE - SINGLE
£t£-\J snltes; nousekeep'g; $6 tip: brick bid: yard.
<J A T H I K D— a UNFURNISHED HOUSK-
'■'"" keeping rooms: water and good accommo-
dation: rent f6. '
Turk Street. ~T~~'
t\AA TURK - RUNNY FRONT - PARLOR
" T ~ suite; housekeeping optional; single rooms;
term* moderate. ■
r^ H A* I>KBT AND BEST AMERICA-THE
.V.^f-tKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
W free* I*'1 *' or Caa * d ona y* B * l fOr * x *°» poat-
PHYSICIANS. :
DEMOVED-DR v. O'DONNKLL TO IVSO^ :
xv Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty.
I )ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
JJ nla museum. 1051 Market st.: hU 30 years' .
sneceasful practice is a guarantee or fair treatment; 1
•*• worst cases ueated eatiafactorll- by jaail. I
BOOMS TO LET.
['.".';--;; , ... California Street. ...
9" C)A CALIFORNIA— FURNISHED ROOM'S
■—I.— - for gentlemen. -
Eddy Street. r
I ,*| Q EDDY— BRIGHT SUNNY ROOMS $6
lIP up; also front suite cheap. -. •
CA LL AT THB PORTSMOUTH FOR NICE,
/ reasonable rooms. 41 Eddy, corner Mason.
, i i«luh Mice..
CHERMAIS - APARTMENT ) HOTJbE. 28 BTH
0 at., near Market: furnished and nnfurnlshed.
Eleventh Streeet.
9O"| ELEVENTH - NICELY FURNISHED
—■ox large bay-window r<om; bath; reasonable.
— lits street.
THE RAMONA, ( 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATES,
. H . ART xn * n ' 1 — A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly famished: elevator: hot <fc cold water.
001 ELLIS, NKAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
d— l I lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
> J. i ) i ) ELLIS (TH_ PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
*.t—— CALHOI.N, prop.— First-class housekeep-
»ng, apartment and rooming house; 60 rooms.
QOU ELLIS— SUITE. NICE SUNNY ROOMS
A. ***■' to one or two persons: no children; refer-
ence required. . ..•...- ..
.Fell Street. "•
«OA FELL-SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
VJ— iU room with folding-bed, $7.
tilth Street.
00 M FIFTH ST. — NICELY 1 ' FURNISHED
.— ol" double and single. '
C>t«ry >T reot. .
MA GEARY, NR. KEARNY— ROOMB AND
suites; day. week or month; country trale
solicited.
01 71 GEARY, OPPOSITE UNION SQUARE—
■— J- I 3 furnished or unfurnished rooms: key 217
HE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
J. handsomely furnished suites; single rooms; $10
month up. 1101 Geary St., SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
Golden data Avenue.
9.1 Q GOLDEN GAT- AYE.— NICE SUNNY
*-iX V single rooms; $5 up.; ■
. ' . . Hickory Avenue /
U HICKORY AYE.— FRONT BEDROOM FOR
a steady man: quiet home; English.
nuiviini street.
COO HOWARD— SINGLE AND
U_iO double rooms, reasonable; gas; bath.
rr(\A HOWARD, COR. THIRD— FINELY FUR-
• V/ "± niched front: also housekeeping rooms.
1 I Jones Street. ~
907 JONES— THE VAN* WINKLE: NEW
—v' I management; ■ elegant sunny suites and
•ingle: newly furnished; bath, etc.: Slu 10 sail.
J i>»rof street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
■t\. Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect; terms reasonable.
U*K HAVE ROOMS TO RENT. CALL AT
11 Rental and Tourists' Guide, 639 Kearny st.
yen worth street.
CAT LEAVENWORTH, COR. O'FARRELL—
uUI Large, sunny, nicely furnished rooms; run-
ning water; grate; very reasonable; smaller front
rooms, $6 and $8.
X ;',.'■ .'* ■; AiMrlti* street. 'I
OSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night, S6c to $1 : week. $1 50 10 $5: families.
f ARGE FRONT SUNNY; BAY WINDOW
XJ room; reasonable.' 1722 Market st.
Mason Street.
n MASON, NR. MARKET— SUNNY ROOMS,
nicelr furnished; $1 per week.
McAllister Street. '
99£ A MCALLISTER— SUNNY /FURNISHED
__U rooms, double and single; private family;
$8 and $10. ■
'• • ->iiiina street. •
£*f>7 MINNA. COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU I nished bay-window rooms; $1 per week.
>iiaaion Street.
Q-\ O MISSION — NICK L V FURNISHED
UJ.O rooms, 15 to 50 cents per night; $1 to $2
per week.
9_09 MISSION. NR. TWENTIETH— NICE
— '"— \J£i sunny rooms: furnished or partly fur-
nished : suites or single; private.
u'l'Hrrell Streoc.
C 99 O'FARRELL— FRONT ROOM FOR GEN-
O+~O tlemaij in private family; good home; ref.
QQ I O'FABRELL— SINGLE AND LARGE
001 front rooms, newly furnished; rent cheap.
Pacific Street.
Q"l rr PACIFIC— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS—
OX I parlor, bedroom and kitchen: 913 month.
folk Street.
OA7POLK, NEAR TURK - FURNISHED
Vjyj I room tor gentleman; reasonable.
lost Street.
91 c POST— LARGE NICELY furnished
—iJLcI sunny suite for gentlemen; $32.
' Hitch Street.
9^l RITCH— I SUNNY FRONT ROOM; BUlT-
— *i a able for 2 gentlemen.
Baas Street.
9- RUSS— SUNNY. SINGLE FURNISHED
— i J- room, bath, closet; $5.
sixth Street. '
m SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
nicely furnished single and double rooms.
Stevenson Street.
f>OA STEVENSON— CHEAP SUNNY FRONT
\j~.\J roms, single or double.
t utter ■Mrpei.
QHQ SUTTER— FTRNISHED ROOMS OR
OUO suites. $126 to $10 a week; night, 25c to
$150; transients solicited.
i-Tj !»_> SUTTER. COR. TAYLOR— ELEGANTLY
I ' '•) newly furnished sunny rms. : suite or single.
Taylor Street.
"I no TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED
—I/O rooms; also housekeeping apartments;
cheap. ; * • ■ :■'.-.;--•.--• "';-..
. Tenth Street.
"I 9?. TENTH-SUNNY HALL ROOM; FRONT; i
J.— O large closet: $4. ... ...
I 90 TENTH— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
JL— O light housekeeping, rooms; also single;
cheap.
'lurk Street.
Uk TURK-LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
«->t O room; hot and cold water. . . -
99/| TURK— LARGE PARLORS, WITH USE
—/—■tt of kitchen. .■■-,....
Valencia Street. :
997 VALENCIA— TWO BUNNY UNFUR-
— I— ' I nished rooms wi.h closets, $8.
Miscellaneous.
p OUGH. KB. PINK— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
VX alcove room, and large room connecting; fur-
nished or unfurnished: board optional; private
family. Address Reasonable, box 99. Call Office.
HE ALBEMARLE, COR. MASON AND
X Market— Elegant sunny suite, fronting Market
St.; suitable for a doctor; rent reasonable. . .
pHF.APEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United ;Statea or Canada one year for $1 50, post*-
age free. > .
. UNFURNISHED _ A 3rs>
parlors^
IiOAKDIXU AM* KOUMS;
?vsTkt3iome for^elderly olrlnvalTd
v^ lady: terms reasonable In private family. Ad-
dress C. D., box 135, Call Office.
HOTEL BKKTLING~7I4 HUSH— A FAMILY
. hotel: references given and required: all mod-
Pf*l convenience. ■ .-
"^ CHILDREN i;ii\i:iii.i>.
LA DV WA.NTs'a CHILDREN * TO^BOARd':
private 'family; mother's care; good home.
Apply Call Office*
ELI ABLE EXPERIENCED LADY WOULD
XV like child to board aged 2 to 9: pleasant sunny
home: church: reference. 1616 Mason st.
■UTANTKD— AN INFANT, OR IOR CHIlr
11, dren to board; good home: terms reason-
able. 1332 Howard st. ■ - . - ■ ■
STORKS TO LKT.
CT^RtTcOK LAFAV>n^TlCl624iSowC^
0 with fixtures for saloon; fit for any business,
cheap rent. ■■•■■■ •.-■.--■-. . . . . .
"~ OFFICKS TO LET.
— I V/. electric lights; elevator and janitor services.
o LET— elegant OFFICES -AND LODGK-
rooms In the new bull. Hug, Y. M. C. A., Mason
and Ellis sts.; rent exceedingly low. '
1 |O EDDY- FINE BUITE;GKOUND FLOOR;
110 offices for doctor or dentist. , -
PRKCKKLa BUILDING. 927 MARKET-
O Elegant a^nnv offices. $12 50 up; electric-light;
beating and janitor service free. ■ Apply at building
or ( H. UMBSKN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery st. . ■
HOTEL TO LEASE.
'PO LET — THE V~~ TELL HOUSE," 817-31 9
— Bush st.: this -known | hotel ,Is thoroughly
renovated, considerably improved: compares with
best 2d-cla»s hotel in town. MADISON _ BURKE. 1
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1896.
BICYCLES.
rrmiBUNE, $50: ben^ hur, ladieSClSo;
— Belle's New, $50: "Ben Hur Tandem, almost
new. DAVIS B ROS.. 35 Geary st. : - ■
J W INFIELD PKAKSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
• Headquarters Lu-mi-nuin and Thistle bicycles
I»AtiGAIN IN A STEARNS TANDEM; ALSO
'■> single wheels. 306 Post at.
A '96 YOBEMITE TANDEM; $86: ALMOST
new. \W. CRANK, 824.P05t st. y ■
PARK "CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _BT;
X best accommodations. .' Terminus Geary, —c-
later and Powell st. car lines.
*'.)U SALE— MIhCELLAXEOUS.
i) m-^b'eTiantels fo"r"sale "cheap.
■^ 3739 Twentieth st. ■ ;■-■■.. . -.- -' . .
C HELVING, COUNTER, SHOWCASE, WA-
O ter-back range No. 7; other things. 910 Pacific
©I *>". FOR BUILDING ON 'LEASED LOT:
«*P_._U suitable for grocery. W. CRANE, 324
Post st. ■ ;
PLENDID 'REMINGTON T.YPKWRITKR,
O $45: others from $20 up. REVALK, 310 Cau
si£9^\n * SODA FOUNTAIN; NEW 14-QUART
'J^jOU. freezer $100. 159 Second st. .
»2j"l Q NICE, LIGHT BUGGY, OR WILL
<U?X<J. trade for strong cart. 116 Seconds'.
Ci OOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
» pulleys, shafting, etc W. L. SAN FORD,
415 Washington st.
oILKRS,ENGINKS,2D-HAND MACHINERY,
waterplpes. Mclntosh — Wolpman. 137 Beala.
1?or ALE-WINDMILL AND PUMP; al-
X 1 mo 3. new. 3213 Twentieth st.;
your baby carriages and have
them repaired: separate parts sold and shipped.
San Francisco Baby. Carnage M'fg. Co.. 442 Sixth.
I^AMILY COW FOR SALE; CHEAP. 847
X Florida St.. near Twenty-first, below Bryant.
PACIFIC GAS ENGINE— 2-H.P.: PERFECT
order- 2 Adams prtg presses: power. 516 Mission
NE HORSEPOWER GAS ENGINE; CHEAP.
v^ Apply 210 i» Larkin st., after 6 p. v.
CO VN T RS, SHELVING, • SHOWCASES
J bought and sold. 1121 V 2 Market.bet. 7th & Bth.
, S UILDINUS IJUUGHT: LUMBER, SASHi!_
> • doors, mantels, etc. for sale. 1166 Mission.
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
fire and burglar proof safe. 109. ill Market St.
I Rfc AND BUROLAR SAFK, LKTTKR-
— press, platform scales and Oesk:caeaa. IQ-J Clay.
\TKWIUK«KS CHISAPKR THAN S-CONi>
Xi band. \V. 8. RAY Mfit Co. lit California it.
SEWIXO - HI3TES.
— — .-_ -__ _, _ .. ._ ._ __-_-,_,-_._-_ _ .,,_,.__-_-.„
"VTEW ■ FAMILY BINOKRB FOR RENT, $1
-L> per month: V. S. Singers, $2. 1659 Market.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired: lowest rates. '-'05 Fourth at.
MUSICAL l>Sl'KlJMt:M's.
"A NOTHKR SPECIAL "INDUCEMENT' FOR
-^%- purchasing from Sherman, Clay _ Co. ; ele-
Kant new upright pianos, together with fine stool
and handsome cover, sold for $6 per month: only
$6 cash payment required: every Instrument
tuaranteed. SHERMAN. CLAY A CO., cor.
Kearnv and Sutter sts., Pacific Coast representa-
tives of Stelnway „ Sons' pianos. " • .
C* losing out a Complete line o?
I small roods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a tine
> Instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay; violins. $1 85; mandolins, $3 35; guitars, $3;
antoharps, $1; accord iocs, flutes, banjos, piccolos.
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. 'J. HARRY SCOTT, Vli
Market st.. Sprockets building. .
QTKINWAY UPRIGHT PIANO AND BKV-
O eral other standard-make second-bands at the
lowest prices obtainable; uprights, $60. $125. eta
The J. DEWING CO., 2d floor Flood Building.
Fourth and Market stg. .
ffljl (\l\ FOR A GOOD UPRIGHT; $125 FOR A
-JiXV/t" large Newhall up: $175 for fine new
pianos: call at once if you want bargains. MAU-
Vals, 7b9 Market st»_ _ _
■ViriLLIAM G. BADGER, SOLE AGENT FOR
' » the celebrated Hallet <fe Davis and Francis Ba-
con pianos, 406 Sacramento st. . • . . . -,
PIANOS— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. SPKN-
CKR CO.. 933 Markets'- .. :>
EFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS. 1 BUSH
XJ »t Gerts and Knabe pianos: at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post st.
(""HICKKKINU, KNABK, HTKCK.VOBE, BTKR-
J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187: pianos
ror rent. BKNJ. CURTAZ _ son, 16 O'Farreit.
"Ln.N ESTKIN WAY UPRIGHT ALMOST NEW;
-C private party; must sell now. Room 10, Flood
Building. - - . .. •
Q»1 OR FINE UPRIGHT PIANO; LITTLE
K*)X~U. used: bargain 116 Seventh st.
Ql Q|| EXCELLENT N X \V UPRIGHT.STOOL
<~? X O\f. and cover;ss insillm t. 221 Leavenworth
CLEARANCE SALE; NEW UPRIGHTS; $150
\J up; everything at cost. BRI'ENN. 388 Post.
I N X MUSICAL INSTRUMENT (DULCI-
- —' mer), $10; very cheap. tOB Shotwell st ,
*5? 1 '-> X i A R(,AIN;FINE I'PRIGHTSCIIMIT/
*£>X UU. Its McAllister au. next Hlbernla Bank.
BY RON M.\L/;», ""US POST ST.— SOHMKtt,
Kewby & Evans. Brlgiri and other pianos.
0 v pkrTor VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLUdkNEW
0 H. MULLKR. maker, r»-palr«-r. a L» r ham Place.
UOUSES. ""
BARGAIN— FOR SALE: FINE FAMILY
XJ team; dark bay borse,l6 1 A hands high, 6 years
od: very stylish: carryall and harness; almost
new. E. BROWN, at Otis A C 0.'5,3 18 Montgomery.
T El BOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
XJ of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister St., S. F.
U»OR SALE— BLACK GELDING AND BLACK
-1- filly; 4 years old each; broken single or double;
son Eclectic, brother to Anon, 2:071 i. New York
Stables, 507 Jessie st., near Sixth
"I SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
-IUU ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surruys,
rock a ways, carts; must be sold. 1 128 Mission si
~l()f) SK ; l r NEW AND SECOND-HAND liAU-
«-» uu ness: all kinds: buggy.waßon, carts, surrey
— rockaway; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.'
A(\ HUKbK.I FOR BALK; ALSO WAOONa."
-iv buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horja
Market, 327 six.h su ; auction sales every WeUuei-
day. SULLIVAN _ DoYLK, Auctioneers.
OKaKS PASTUKKD; SKNU toR CIRCU-
'nr. Th» M -la Ranch. 630 ' nmr.'iTCial St.
WAGONS AND CAKKIAGE3.,
BUGGY FOR SALE; IN GOOD CONDITION:
cheap; also dnmpcart. 656 Howard st.
VOR SALK, AT EASTERN PRICKS, FINE
1 1 carriages of every description; cash, notes or
installments. Carvlll Mfg Co., 46-48 Bth st., S. F.
LIGHTL t SOILED DRIVING li LOVES;
samplew. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome stl
MEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
•*-"i dry. milk and grocery wagons; also rockaway
and 2 fine bnggles. E2B Harrison st. s *
I»Ji>TISTS.
pROOMK d"kNTaX ASSOCI AT 165.% > 759TilAltr
• \J ketst. bet. Third and Fourth; gas specialists:
only reliable agent for painless extraction: artifi-
cial teeth from $5; fillings from $1; extracting 50
cents, with gas $1.
-L-.IKST-CLASS DiiNTISTRY: FIRBT-CLAS3
X prices; first-class results; painless extraction
of teeth. Telephone Main 5875. W. C. HAH-
DINC*. CM.. M.D., 600 Sntter st., corner Powell.
I\R. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET .ST "
XJ near Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
|K. GKORGK W. LEEK, THK (.KM INK
' Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O"Farrell st.
DR. L. T. < RANVS-EXTR ACTION PAINLESS."
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St.. cor. Grant ava.
o|»7 a SKT FOR tkktk: WARRANTED A.-»
?P I . good as can be made: Wiling $L Dr. SIMMS
dentist. 930 Market su next Baldwin Theater.
T>AINLEss EXTRACTION. Us . CROWn"
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: la yean
experience. R. L. WaLsII. D,D.s.. Hib*/ A Geary.
i jR. L'UCKKTi, 1703 POr-T ST., NKAR BU-
i' cn«nan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
y^\^ DI^CAVALIKV^^^Cn'.F
/ tOWON* 'DENTAL ASSOCIATION. bUd _A.X-
V^' ket at. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
__«jat»_i»y«».— Opfti evening: KonJav» ill! noon.
LEGAL NOTICES.,.
T\EPArTmENT ' NoTgrpROBATE^N THE
XJ Superior * Court; In and for the City and
County of San Francisco. State of California. 1
In the matter of me estate of GABRIEL GAIL-
HARD, deceased, 17601. . .
Notice Is hereby given that TUESDAY, the 4th
day of August, A. D., 1896, at 10 o'clock a. m. of
said day and the courtroom of Department No 9 of
said court at the new city Hall, In the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for proving a
duly authenticated copy of the - will • of said
GABRIEL GAILHARD. deceased, and for hear-
ing the application of PIKURINE BKRGES for
tbe issuance to him of letters of administration
with the will annexed. >
Dated July 21, A. D., 1896.
{seal] C. F. CURRY. Clerk,.
By F. B. HOUGHTON, Deputy Clerk-
P. ALEXANDRE BERGEROT. Attorney for
Petitioner, 142-143 Crocker building, Ban Fran- '
cisco. ' *'*!__&fKH#»HSSnBBH— Q
\'OTICK TO CREDITORS— ESTATE OF MA
X> A RET DOYLE, deceased.— Notice is hereby
given tby the undersigned. > administrator of . the
estate of Margaret Doyle, deceased, to the credit-
ors of, and ail persons having claims against the
said deceased, to exhibit them with the necessary
vouchers, within four months after tne- first pub-
lication of this notice, to the said administrator, at
the law office of Boyd it Fifield, 324 Pine street,
the same b-ing nit place for the transaction of the
business of said estate in th« City and County of
San Francisco, state of California.' ~ :
STEPHEN FLKroHKR,' administrator of the
estate of MARGARET DOYLE, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, July 1. 1H96. -
BOYD _ FIFIELD, Attorneys for Administra-
tor. ■ ■ •■-■ ; ; '. . •.-•-■-.- .: -■- --< -. r-;
PEnSONALS^.
dvice'^free; "divorce laws a spe-
' daily; private: no charge unless successful; all
law salts, claims, collations wills, de-ds. etc. at-
tended to. G.W. HOWK. attv-at-law. 850 Market ss
\l V HAIR-DRESSING IS THE KIND THAT
l'l will catch a woman's eve and excite her envy ;
my price is only 25c; my 'Qulnonla" hair tonic w
the best thing for strengthening and preservine
the hair. •G. LEDERKR, 111 Stockton st. ■
PICTURE FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9 IN
10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c; 11x14 and l-'xld
20c; 14x17, : 16x^0, SOc; 18x22. :!sc: 20x24.
45c: 22x28 Inches, 60c. JONES. 647 Mission st.
ARTINGTON'S iOF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration, 424 Pine st., is now
open, after the vacation. For particulars apply or
address above. ■ ' • ' '". t---.
WATCH &JEW_LRY REPAIRING. STONE
» » engraving, mono.'rams.crests: low prices -work
guaranteed. J. N. BRITTAI.\, 20 Geary st.
RS. DR. PORTER. CHIROPODIST AND FA-
clal artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purf st toilet articles. 1- Kearny st., room 47. . ,
MRS. HADIE EVANS' COSMETIC PARLORS,
.865% Market St., room 12. .-.!!
T ADV, STRA-NiiER IN THE CITY, DESIRES
business partner:small capltaL 122 Post st.., r.2
|Jl<ji OUTDOOK STKRKOPT ICON SHOW KVK-
X. > ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistio ad-
vertisements In living light ; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST i;ABY TKRMS YOU
J\ can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc; - also
dress goods, cloaks, Jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st.; open evenings.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third at., near Market-
£oo rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
UITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed " parties, $15' upward. Cut-rate
Talortng Company,! 117 Market st., bet 7th and Bth.
PAZOR-FIXING OUR -SPECIALLY; fine
edge put on razor,2sc. Razor Exchge,63oMarket
R. J. M. EDMUNDS.. SPECIALIST Dl*
eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. A Kearny.
C CLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
J manufrs' coat. Factory, 20 Hanmme, upstairs.
IBKKAL AUVAKCfcS ON DIAMONDS, JiliW-
dry. etc. : lowest rat<»<.. 84K Market st. ,
STROZYNSKI, LEADIJSO LADIES' HAIR-
« dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular price*.
LD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS 1 AND LADLES'
clothing booeht. fOL.MAN. 41 3a. cor. Jcs*l».
DKESSMAKEKS.
RESSES $2 UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP:
lawn $1 up. r.05 Natoma Bt.. above Sixth.
educational. .
7Se^i^n_rT2^c"les's^?Tguitar^ piano?
-Li banjo. MRS. LUTHER. 1241 Market st.
TIEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET ST.,
offers unsurpassed advantages and Induce-
ments in shorthand, bookkeeping, penmanship,
typewriting. English branches, languages, etc.:
expenses less than at any other college. Ll-ON
and LULA STIEIIL, proprietors.
RS. MELVILLE SNYDER, 715 POST ST.;
vocal music: piano: elocution: practical
Shakespearean and general dramatic acting a spe-
cialty; vocal classes Monday, 8 P. it.: $1 a month.
Y RES'. THE UiADI.Nu SHORTHAND COL-
lego, 325 Montgomery st.; individual instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
i. ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
l> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage, it. 5 and 12, l. O. (X F. block, 7th and Mkt
CCHOOL ELECTRICAL. CIVIL, MINING, ME.
0 cbanlcal engineering, surveying, arcbltectnre-
sssay: estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 728 Mkt,
LOCUTION. DRAMA. DKLSARTE, PHYSI-
caI culture, voice culture; appearances ar-
ranged. 299 Hyde st. ; call after Ip. 11.
I' 1 1 . A N SCHOOL AT 2124 CALIFORNIA ST.:
U opens July 27, 1896. N. W. MOORE, Prin.
A LMA K. HYER, PIANO. MANDOLIN, BAN-
J\. jo studio. 405 Geary, R. 17: hours Btolo p. m.
OOKKPNO, WRITNO, ARITHMTC. GRAMR
day _ nlsht : noclasses : $5 month. : 845 Mission
UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ lessons: $3nio. MARY WKSTHaUS, 39 Fifth.
OWEN'S ACADEMY, UNIVERSITY AYE.,
Berkeley: special classes for the universities.
HORTHAND LESSONS AT NIGHT: TERMS
O $2 per month. Address S. 11., box 85, Call.
"\ I USICIAN FROM LONDON GIVES LESSONS
l'l In alaglng: $4 a month. 854 Mission st. -.
ROFESSOR O. JIAKSFIKU), ,'i'KACHKH OK
violin, .guitar, mandolin, bacja .1707 Market.
JOSKPH Uli— V-N> VOIC_-IMPROVKR. bl
Ninth st. . - : '
4 >V*Et;K.S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TUB
-V WF.EKLY All In wrapper, for mailing.
■ CLAIKVOY ANTS.
S UCCESS A'Bss6_u"'fk_Y GUARANT-Jsa
Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M. L. CAR-
NELLE, the prince of clairvoyants, will give ad-
vice on biit>in>-s* speculations, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorces; settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated and causes a
happy marriage with the one of your choice: he
locates mines and hidden treasures, tells of your
friends and enemies, removes evil influences,
cures bad habits, gives advice on lawsuits and
everything relating to the future, thousands of
families long separated reunited by his efforts;
thousands of hearts made glad through his predic-
tions; send stamp for circular. 220 Eddy
Hours irom 9 to 9 daily and Sundays.
IT AN A THK GYPSY. . -. ~ T*""".
This remarkable woman has just arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
in unraveling the mystery of human fare; she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: she reunites tbe separated
and causes speedy and happy marriage with the
one of your choice; hours, 9toB P. it. 8 Turk st.
\IME. STEWERT. SEVENTH DAUGHTER
•I'l or the seventh daughter, still astonishes the
city by producing exact likeness 'of your future
husband or wife: the greatest trance clairvoyant
aDd card-reader on tbe coast; test her powers ere
she sails for Europe : she guarantees to bring back
lost love; makes peace and happiness In the home.
Booms 3 and 4, 917 Market st.
MME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY, UN-
■l'i- precedented success In New York City, great-
est card reader on the coast, gives infallible love-
charms to all; hours 10 to 8. Rooms 44-45, 303
(Stockton st. : elevator.
MM K. PORTKR. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card-reader, born with a double veil and
second sight; ladles 50c. gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk St.. nr. Jones.
|> ETURNKD, WORLD-K-NOWN— . MMX.
It SCHMIDT, from the principal titles; tells past.
present and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
ME. AHNDT, BKHT FORTUNE TELLER IN":
tbe world: 50c and 1. shows you the olctureot
your luture husband or wtta. 4 Twelfth, cor. Market
\1 ME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
■I'l business advice! names given; up. 6 Fourth.
ISS BEATRICE BLANCHE. CARD-READ-
or, late from Guatemala. 106 Larkin at., r. 2.
\)ME. SYBILLK TELLS FROM CRADLK To
■"1 grave: ladles, 25c; gents, 50c. 914 O'Farrell.
ME. LKOETTK - PRKSKN T, PAST . AND
future; 25c 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
MOP. EAU. BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c tip. 764 Howard st.
MRS. .KNIGHT. ;< LAIKVOYANT, CARD
, reader: fee 60c; ladies only. 714 Leaven worth.
pYPSTY LIFK-RKADER: LADIES 25c;
VJ gents bOc: all questions answered., 5 Seventh.
MISS M. JULANA RO I.LIN S.MKNTALMAO-
netIcheaIer; test medium. 850 Market, r. KO-31
SFIIUTOALISM.
U , : ;-,,v : r .
* VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN IS
MRS. DR. A. D." HOWE.
FEE $1 „ UPWARD! FEE $1 A UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you in trouble, sick or •.'down"? ■If so
read this and - learn that life Is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this coast in the ten years past, Is
oca in at her old office*, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought -to the unlucky: love to the loveless: tne
separated are united: the sick made strong ; the
poor become rich; If you think your husband, wife
or lover Is untrue consult her at once. . Her tran-
scendent power la as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. N KVER FAILS, She does
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines", (registered and copyrighted) . cure
every diabase that - human - flesh Is heir to. and no
matter of how long standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment oy mail Is always most suc-
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1 _ UPWARD! FEK- $1 „ UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1320 Market st., oop. Seventh,
.' V ' »■ San Francisco.
THK SINGING EVANGELIST, K. H. HOW-
X land, and 'Addle Swain, lnsplratlonal;lecturer:
meeting at Washing on Hall. 35 Kddy st., Thurs-
day evening at 8 o'clock; 25c admits 2, and 16c
single mission. . :
111 LARKIN > ST., 10-NIGHT. MRS. SUM-
XXI mers of Chicago, Mrs. Harrison and Mrs.
Champion of San Diego. .
RS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCr. AND Busi-
ness medium; .sittings daily; $1. 1 1S6 Oakst.
FRANK HARTK, 1027 MARKET ST • QUEB-
X: tlons oy mail, $1; ladles. 50c; gents, $1.
ADDIE . SWAIN; ASTRAL SEER. 844 Mo
Alllster at. ; si. tings to ladles, 1 to 8 P. it .%
-DR. MIRANDAS. the celebrated
spiritual medium, removed to 1728 Market st.
IJISHOP GARRISON, 1370 MAKKKT; BSAN-
' ' ces Tuesday, Friday even's, 25n; 10 to 4 daily.
A M. FRANCIS, " INDKPBNDKNT* r HLATE-
XV. writer 118 Haight st: hours 9 until 6P. M.
■'■ ASTBOLOGV. ...-;• •••-..;•."•
4 Kl;l\-|'.!i-MKS. HANSON; KEaTd^HeXd
-f\ and palm, also cards: tells past, ' present, fu-
ture; price 25c 148 Sixth St., room 6. -_.-.: _■
ASTROLOGY AND MKDICINK NATIVITIES
or questions answered: Prof. Howard's vital
remedies restore health. 311 Hyde St.. 10 to 3. :-
TO LEASE.
TO LEASE— 9OxIOO; LARGE BUILDING:
suitable ' for .- mantitucturtns purposes; . corner
Seventh and Brvaot ata. 411 MonUromerv au .
CITY REAL ESTATE. ■
cCIRfl A MAKE FER: PACIFIC
<C"^tUVn/. Heights bargain; must be sold: Web-
ster St.; 10t25x137:6; near Broadway: fine ma-
rine view, with ■ modern ■ house of 8 rooms and !
bath: bouse in good condition and rents to steady
tenant for $35 per month; look at 'this at once;
get permit at office to Inspect. -
- O'FARRELL- CO., 11 Montgomery st.
©19 nnfl TAYLOR ST., NEAR graby;
C I *~.\J\J\J. 3-story bay-window bonse and lot:
house in good condition: modern plumbing; brick
foundation;, pays good income. '
•;: ..-/:■ O'FARRELL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
<Si r 7(U\li MAKE AN OFFER; LOT 60x125:
I \J\J\r. W. side of Church St.. near Market;
could be improved to pay good interest. '
. i- OFARRELL <fc CO., 11 Montgomery st.
CiT^IIA FLORIDA ST.. NEAR.ISOTH; lot
<Jp I «/UU, and improvements: 4 flats of 5 rooms
each and 2-s!ory house: rents $57: can be further
improved to pay good interest: make an offer. • •
O'FARRELL & CO.. 11 Montgomery St.
Oil 9 OHO REDUCED FROM $17,600;
»gsX_i.l/UV/. must be sold without delay: busi-
ness property on Taylor st., nr. Market: 2-story. 8
room and bath-house and lot 25x80 feet; can be
further improved and made to pay handsomely.
' ' O'FARRELL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
QXSnn TO AN ESTATE: BKYANT
tJptJO"JV». St., near Sixth; 2 lots. 25x75 each,
and 3 cottages; $45 per month: always rented;
must be sold immediately. . ' •
O'FARRELL <fc « P., 11 Montgomery st. '
'ftAZitiCl 2 MAGNIFICENT LOIS.- 25x
<iPIyW. 137:6 feet each; suitable for business
or residence: Oak st., near Devisadero: former
price $6500: must be sold. < ,
O'FaRBELL& CO., 11 Montgomery at.
ffi» 1 A E\(\fl BUSINESS. PROPERTY; Me-
«lpX\7.t"Ul/^AUlster st. : rents $116 month;
store and flats; all rented: must be sold: make an
offer. O'FARRELL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
OUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT;
$150 to $275 a room: parties contemplating
building invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
LOTS NEAR THE AFFILIATED COLLEGES^
XJ A. SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
We call your attention to the hulldlne lots in
block bounded by 11 and I streets and 9th and 10th
avenues, as being good Investments at the very
low prices asked,
$750 AND UPWARDS. , \ •
- $50 CASH; $10 MONTHLY.
All streets on official grade. Gas and water piped
to the property. This block faces the park at the
venue entrance. Our agent. Mr. Crazier, on
the ground Sundays with maps, etc. A number of
the lots have been sold. Don't delay, hut see the
property at once. - ' .
BALDWIN _ HAMMOND,
-■ ' - ' ■ . " " 10 Montgomery st.
ARK YOU LOOKING
FOR A BUILDING LOT?
IK ' SO, BE SURE
That you see the lots in the Castro-sU Addition ,
can't be Deat. "
PRICES $350 TO $400.
TERMS $5 CASH, $5 monthly,
streets GRADED. SEWERED AND
MACADAMIZED...
Ontkelineof an electric road; fine view; good
climate; take the Mission or Valencia street cars,
transfer at 14th to electric road and rlae to Chen-
ery and Castro sts.; agent on the ground dally,
also at 3207 22d St., cor. Mission, evenings after
7:30 o'clock. , ■ .- ■
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
ON'T BUY THESE LOTS! —
XJ CONSIDER THE PRICE!
If you could find any lots in the city as good
for the money we would not ask you to buy these,
but as we are positive that they are the cheapest
lots In Richmond we advise you to see them at
once.
11TH AND 12TH AVFS., - •
BET. CALIFORNIA AND LAKE ST.;
$700-* CASH. $10 MONTHLY,
with the privilege of paying more at any time and
with interest on the amount owed only at 6 per
cent. ■
There are only 10 lots left, 40 have been sod:
take the Sutro or Caltfornla-st. cars to-day; you
will have to be quick or they will all b« gone.
. BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
1 10 Montgomery st.
AN OPPORTUNITY, INVESTORS: $250
cash, balance about same as rent; we' will sell
a lovely cottage of five or six rooms for actual
amount of mortgage, "■. ■
©OftXABUYS TWO LOVELY NEW FLATS
«IDOUUv near Seventeenth st.; rented, $30.
<J» P. AA A 4 FLATS: NR. 7TH AND MAR-
tjDOUUU. ket; rents $41. .
<I&7^nn 4 NEARLY NEW FLATS . ON
«Jp I O\J\J. Pine st., near Webster; rents $70. '
<B» A 7f\f\ BUYS 3 NEARLY, NEW FLATS
'4P"T I \J\J on a carline only few blocks from
City Hall; rented, $47. >
<2»1 1 f\(\f\ COR.: 6 FLATS (NEW) ON CAR
11. UUU line; rented, $116.
*1 (i AAA ELEGANT. 14-ROOM CORNER
X \J. \J\J\J. residence on Van Ness aye.
Other good bargains.
~> •■: : A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market at.
HINTS TO REAL ESTATE --' - ■ " ~
INVESTORS AND HOME-MAKERa
You can make some money now buing land any-
where within an hour's ride of a great seaport city.
You can make more money buying in some lo-
calities than others. -
You can make the most money if you select a
place naturally situated for a town, located in tbe
direct line of up-to-date public and private im-
provements, easily accessible by. cheap and fre-
quent railway and water transportation lines to a
great commercial and manufacturing metropolis
and other existing business centers, vet farenough
away from any to insure of its becoming a prosper-
ous, self-supporting and Independent community.
FITCHBURG IS SO SITUATED
As to combine all these advantages and many
others. It offers. splendid inducements to those
about to start business of any dlscription. .
For suburban homes it r vals a;iy of the thickly
populated centers around the bay.
It U only 45 minutes from San Francisco and 2
minutes from Oakland by steam and electric cars,
which run from daylight until after midnight.
Station on both lines. No lot more than three
blocks from either railroad.
ELEGANT CHURCH EDIFICE RECENTLY
COMPLETED.
GRADED SCHOOL ATTENDED BY 150
SCHOLARS.
The streets are graveled and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen groves.
Mark these improvements.
NOTE THE ELKGIBLE LOCATION.
Consider the social advantages sure to multiply
as the town grows, count the chances for profit on
your Investment in a prospec ive business center
as compared with the many isolated one-street
tracts now on the market.
SEE FITCHBURG.
Invest judiciously and the almighty dollars
sure to come your way, will do the rest. Lots
ready to buia on, size 25 and 50 feet front by 100
to 200 feet deep. •
PRICK ONLY $4 TO $10 PER FRONT FOOT.
Terms: 10 per cent cash; balance In monthly
payments. • . • ' \
THAD. S. FITCH. Fitchburg, San Leandro Road.
W. F. McCLURE," 19 Montgomery St., S. F. ■
C. BEMIS, .»•_■»- .... ~ —
• REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
824 MONTGOMERY ST.
. FOR t*Ai..-: ;
$2500— E. aid* of Stanyan st* bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
$450— san Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson. at., overlook-
ing the- Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses "■ of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x187 :U feet; electric road pa-sea houses;
make oiler.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed bouse on Harrison at.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$8500-»Kleicant W. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
*aoti— Choice building lots north of park. ;
VfISSION COTTAGES. " '■ : "
In the warm: belt. near terminus of Howard-st.
cars at 241h st. and Potrero aye. ; all 'street work
finished: terms to suit. F. NELSON, builder,
$2000— room cottage. '
$1800— Four-room cottage.
Four-room cottage...
"\r_rrnEß gold nor SILVER AT 53 18 in
—l it with this bargain !
<2>Q\A JUST REDUCED AND WORTH
"IPCOU. double; building lot on K. side of Dia-
mond St., bet 21st and 22d; 1 block from Castro-
st. cars; note the large size, 50x125; street macad-
amized and sewered; - $630 bank mortgage can
stand. Owner means business: the price proves
that. Take your money from the bank and pick
this up. H. E. POKIILMAN, 415 Montgomery at.
I, 1 OH SALE, ON EASY TERMS; $500 CASH,
X' $35 per month; 2 beautiful modern' cottages,
containing porcelain tub, tiled bathroom, 'i elerant
mantels in each spacious liall; finely, decorated
throughout; finished basements and attics: must
be seen ■to: be appreciated : 1 one located 'on the
N\V. corner of 25th and- Diamond sts.: lot 35 feet
front; the finest home and Kite in the Mission;
the other is located on . Golden Gate aye., between
linker and Lyon, and Is almost completed. For
terms apply to S. A. BORN, owner and builder,
4079 Twenty-fourth St.. near Castro. , - .
FKOFEKTX TO EXC_A>tiE.
"PINE PAYING BUSINESS IN ; CITY; WILL
J 1 bear strictest investigation: to exchange for
stock of poultry ranch near Oakland. H., box 6
Call Office. ,  -,-■ . ;
}"i"OR . EXCHANGE— 2 LOTS IN STOCKTON
near electric road, $1000, clear; 12 lots. Acton,'
Los Angeles I County, < $1000, - clear: modern I cot-
tage, 5 rooms and | stable, Oakland i Burnt Mort-
gage, $1260: modern 7-room house. Pacific avenue
Santa Cruz, bank mortgage, ~ $3000 ;; 160 acr
Howell County, Missouri, $1600, clear: bargains
in homes and lots for sale. B-NHAM —THOMAS.
465 Ninth st., Oakland. 'r'*£l'&l*3agstg£*
OUBE AND LOT IN EAST OAKLAND FOR
park lots. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
TTOUSE ANDLOr IS SEATTLE EXCHANGE
J— ■ for ranch. DECK ER, 1020 Market st. .-. - -,■■;
I 9Q(j ACRES -.XIMBKR: LAND, KKKX CO.;
J _iO\* miter: fine for ; ng.N..bx.lß.CaU
ATTOKNEYS-AT-LAW.
"^OvTc-iFßTfiE^Dlv^R^K^AXvs^^
XV alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, ' collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWK. att'y-at-law. 860 Market.'^
"I •-■,_. PHILLIPS— IT. S. AND STATS COURTS:
U. damage cases a specialty; money to loan on
estates: charges mod»rate. Offices 508 California.'
,\\T F. ARAM. ATT'Y-AT-1.AW,581 PARROTT
"- . bldg. Practices in all courts ;charges moderate
T EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED; NOPUB-
llclty ; advice free, confidential. P.O. box 2132.
I) AY. KING, attorney- at- law, chron.
t. Ide Oldg; advice free: moderate: onen evnn.
I : COUNTRY- REAL ESTATE.
j rro bent, SONOMA CITY— HOUSE OF SIX
X 'rooms, sir acres of land, partly orchard, barn
! and outbuildings, suitable for a home or chicken
I raising: excellent neighborhood: • near schools;
I fine climate. Address L. X., box 80, Call Office.
j L|) ACRES -LEVEL LAND 3 MILKS FROM
I VjV/ Santa Rosa: of no use to owner; will sell at a
sacrifice. J. J. O'ROURKE, 902 Broadway. Oak-
land. ■ . . . ■ .  . .
NY ONE WANTING A RANCH FOR
xv grazing purposes, or an orchard already im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required,
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery st. .
-\\ ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRKS a 6 MILES
1»A from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land ; rail or water, transit; $40 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment. Com-
I pany, 65 Chronicle building. • r--i- ;
A LAMBDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIC-
X_ est In the State; selling in tracts. 5 acres up-
ward. $35 per acre: adjoining lauds held at $100
per acre: owner forced to sell; 1% hours inn S. W.i
! easy terms; title perfect. 57 Chronicle building.";;
ITTLE HOMfc.B. CLO4K TO TOVV.N, IM-
proved, easy terms; also 4. to 12 acre pieces.
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market a:.. S. F. '.
KM) FOR OUR LIST «*' ORCHARD HU.MiCS
tor ml l». WiMItTKR * WH I'l'l'iiX. ■•hi . M ».
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
fflj QAt\(\ A FINE CORNER LOT 40x100 ON
•iiP'J^yrVJ. Jackson st., near Btb. A. H. BLOW,
1010 Broadway, Oakland. :• " '
<2{97nn 2-STORY 6-ROO.M HOUSE: BATH;
«JP«j I \J\J. high basement; all new and modern
in every particutart lot 62x100: corner of Twenty-
fifth aye. and Twenty-third st., Kan Oakland;
easy terms. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway
*Sll At Mil SEW 6 ROOM, 2-STORY HOUSE;
tjpj-trUU. all modern; lot 25x114; Valdez st.,
near Park aye ; small cash payment and balance
on monthly pnyments. A. H. BLOW, 1010
Broadway. Oakland.
lli;Xr,||A 8 ROOMS, ALL NEW AND MOD-
'TrU\J\'\J. em; 2-story residence: lot 40x90;
Brush st., near Twelfth st.; this property is a great
bargain, and must be sold by August 1; easy
terms. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway. Oakland.
aj*£w(|A 8-ROOM NEW COLONIAL HOUSE:
«IDUUV.»U. 2-story, bath, basement add all moa-
ern in every respect; southwest, corner West and
Nineteenth- sts.: lot 60xi00: easy terms. A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
4k 99^( ) WK WILL BUILD YOU A2-STORY
Ui.—— <J\J. 6-room house for $2250 or an 8-room
for $2500; lot 40x125; In the Grove-st. Tract; on
Grove st., near Russell: monthly payments.- A.
H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
VOIt SALE— 3% OR. 5 ACRKS- ALL IN
X bearing fruit:; good house; 2 barns: chicken-,
houses, etc.; free water piped to house and grounds:
on electric road: sightly location; as a whole,
$5500: 3ya acres, with buildings, $4000; worth
double the money. BENHAM & THOMAS. 465
Ninth St., Oakland. ~^
<2»7;r. LOTS AND UPWARD-ALLKNDALE
«ID I U Tract, East Oakland, adjoining Fruitvale,
the acknowledged garden spot of Oakland; grand
view and a choice site for a home: streets graded
and macadamized and the lots are in shape to build
on; a tine school with 2 elect tc roads near by;
terms $5 to $10 down, balance $5 monthly; con-
veyance to and from the Tract free of charge. 468
Ninth st., bet. Broadway and Washington. H. Z.
JONES, owner. . . ■
OAKIiAJjD^UKNITDItE FOB SALE.
i \ K\V BRUSSELS CARPET, 490 YARD AT
i ■IM H. BCHKLI.HAAS'. 408 Eleventh st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
, ALAMKDA . KEAL ESTATE.
*Y^u*rT^_r"mTare w ours! ■ r "~'
qjOKfifl PRETTY COTTAGE; SIX ROOMS
tJ\J\J. and bath; close to Chestnut-sU ' sta-
tion, N. G.; lot 40x140.
ffijOHAA HANDSOME NEW COTTAGE: 6
tjpOUUv. rooms and bath; near Mastic sta-
tion, N. G.
I CjOOrjA $25 CASH; $20 MONTHLY: 37:6
»Ifl_— \J\J. frontage; • handsome new colonial
cottage; 5 rooms and bath.
ffl>97r»n $25 CASH; $25 MONTHLY: 37:6
«Jn^, I UU. xlOO; N.W. corner; cottage, 5 rooms.
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN LOTS. ■.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
to ARCUSE & REMMEL. Contractors and Home
Builders, Bay-st. station. Alameda, Cal. Tel. 2.
Office open Sundays ana holidays.
OR SALE— , . :-.. • • ■ ■ . ~ ~"
House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye. : house 4
rooms, Grand st.: cottage 6 rooms. Everett st.;
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
Ban Francisco property. Apply -
/ ' -ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
' 638 Market St..
___^___ San Francisco, Cal. .
TpOR SALE— ON ACCOUNT OF DEPARTURE.
— ' a modern 2-story dwelling; 11 rooms, bath. etc.
grounds, 75x175;- furnished if desired. For par-
ticulars apply on premises. 2241 Pacific aye., near
Park St., Alameda. A very tine new Steinway
piano also for sale. ■ ■:-'• -..-. •-,- .
. ; ALAMEDA HOUSES ". TO LET.
T7URNISHED COTTAGE;. 5 ROOMS . AND
X bath; for rent- St. Charles St., Alameda; 3
minutes to broad or narrow gauge roads. Address
& M. LAMBORN. 1428 Morton it.. Alameda. Cal
" 11EKKELEY KEAL ESTATE. T
SAVE RENT— ONLY 81500; MODERN, NEW
O 4-room cottage; 1 block from station: pay-
ments same as rent 40-foot lot. M. L. WURTS,
opp. Dwight-way station.
OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO., real estate
and building, 2123 Center st-, Berkeley.
Joseph j. mason, real estatk and
0 Insurance agent. Berkeley statn. adjoining bank.
BERKELEY KOO>IS AND #OAKDIS(i.
/CULTURED HOME FOR YOUNG LADIES
\J attending college; sunny rooms; excellent
table: 1 block from- university; references re-
qulred. Address R. R.; Berkeley. Cal.
.MOM V TO LOAN.
ANY AMOUNT o]s BONDS^ DIAMONDS,
watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and instruments; interest low; private entrance:
private rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye ' •'
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHE3,
-— jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE. 948 Market st.: open evenings. ■ —
Sill 00 (inn TO LOAN, CITY, AT 6*: ALSO*
«3P±UU.UUU Oakland and country, life In-
surance, real estate in probate, small or large sums.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO., '218-220
Montgomery st.  : i> ' -. : ....
ONEY LYING IDLE; TAKE AT *6 INTEK-
est per mouth for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond moclKnce or lite insurance. Coin, box 2, Call.
ONKY LOAN ON ■ JEWKLHV AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
HOtf Market St.. nr. Mason: private entrance 7 TurK.
1 \IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68, Donohne bldg, 1170 Market st,
NY AMOUNT; IST, 21> or »D MORTUAU— d:
estates, undivided interests, real estate In uro-
bate. .McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
ST A 21) MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN KS-'
Utes;lowest rates:no deIav. MURPHY.62B
A DVANCESONDrAMONDS.JK\VKLnY.KTC
-'t Columbia Loan .<• >'ollat>ral "rV'r» V '.ran- ny».
• - _ AWXUBOKEBS. I
AT 126 KEARNY, ST., ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc:' low rates;
private rooms: elevator: nlfdirea for sale cheap.
MONEY .WANTED. ~ — -
"\y ANTED— TO BORROW $600 FOR 1 YEAR;
» » will give bonus: real estate in probate as se-
curity. Address K. X., box -101; CaU.'. •■
— — - ,_. . ____________
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS FOIt ' 'WHITENING" AND TINh-
X ing schoolhouses— Sealed' proposals will be re-
ceived by the Superintendent of Common Schools
{ in open session of the Board of Education, New
City Hall, San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, July
23, 1896. at 8:30 o'clock p. _.. lor whl.enini: and
tinting the classrooms and halls of the fol owing-
named school buildings in the city and county of
san Francisco: Broadway, Buena Vista, Cleve-
land," Clement, Cooper, Columbia, Crocker, Den-
man, : Edison, Emerson, Everett, •■ Fairmonnt,
Franklin, Fremont, GarQeld, Girls' High, Golden
Gate, Haight, Hamilton, Hawthorne, Hearst
Henry Duraut, Horace Mann, Humboldt. Irving,
John Swett, Jefferson, Lafayette, Le Conte, La-
cuna Honda,' Lincoln, Longfellow, ■ Lowell High
Madison. > Marshall, - Mission, Monroe,- Moulder
Ocean House, Pacific Avenue, Pacific - Heights,
Peabody, - Polytechnic. Redding, Richmond, Rin-
con, Sherman, South •' Cosmopolitan; Sheridan,'
South ' San Francisco, Spring Valley, Stanford,
Starr King. Sutro, Washington, Webster. West
End, Whlttier and infield Scott . schools ; all
work to be done In accordance wi:n specifications
on file at the storeroom of the School Department
corner Pine and Larkin sts. Each bidder will be
required to submit a separate estimate on each of
the above-named buildings. The board reserves
the right to reject ' any or all bids as the public
■ good may require. . : . .
•:.'.• GEORGE BEANSTON, Secretary.
PROPOSALS FOR A STONE BULKHEAD—
Sealed proposals will be received by the Super-
intendent of Common Schools ■ in open session of
the Board of Education, new City Hall, Sau Fran-
cisco, on Wednesday, July 22, 1896, at 8-30
o'clock p. k.. for constructing a stone bulkhead at
the : Lafayette • Primary. School, in the City, and
County.of San: Franciaco. in' accordance with the
specifications (and ■ the -conditions ,-■ mentioned
therein) at the office 'of Charles <I. Havens archi-
tect of tUe board, room 65, Flood building, corner
Fourth and Market streets. The board reserves'
the right , to ; reject i any or all bids as the public
good may require. , y
' .-i__QRGE BEANSTON. Secretary.
" LOST.
I VoXHOUN D— "ROV KR" ; ON \ COLLAR;"
T cense 666; liberal reward. St. Lawrence Sta-
ble, 423 Post s-_
I OST— IRISH SETT BITCH; REWARD.
■i 1206 a Broadway.
OST— ON WEDNESDAY. I»TH, A BREAST-
pin, with .diamond in center. Finder please
return to 3622 Twentieth st. and receive reward.
OST— A PASSBOOK VVITH THE HIBERNIA
J Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of MARGARET YOUNG, No. 133,249.
The finder. will please. return to bank. .
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to. any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 £0, post-
age free.
MAKKIAGK LICENSES.
The' following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
M. Lnstig and Lena Friedman. 28—25.
H. Landwebr and Lizzie Ktttler, 30—19.
D. M. Betts and Emma R. Gutellus, 35—42.
P. Failon and Kate UcCormick, 46—40.
J. P. Whitney and Dora K. Baruth, 22—20.
A. J. Brehm and Lillian K. de Caccla. 28—20.
R. L. Garcia and Lizzie Mesa. 23— 18- j
O. A. Anderssenand Henny A. Anderson,3l— 22
B. M. Minor and Candace A. Waugh. 63—48.
James C. Hallocn and Alice Chesmore. 27—25.
THK mVUltUti KEuOtiJ.
Comniaint filed: "
Rebecca Kamlnskl against Samuel J. Kaminskl
Divorce granted:
Alfred R. Sheriff from Harriet A. Sheriff, deser-
tion: Judge Hebbard. ■"■"■
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. ■ They mus. be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to nave the same published, j
BURN.
HANSON-In Oakland, July 9, 1896. to the wife of
T. E. Hanson, a daughter.
VANDERVOORT— In this city, July 18, 1896, to
. the wife of Charles R. Vandervoort, a son. ....
ItUKBIKS. '
ABHLEY-CUTHBERT— In Martinet, July 9,
1896, L. A. Ashley and Mary Cuthbert, both of
Fruitvale. •
CAMPBELL-COURSEN-In this city, July 20,
1896-. " by the Rev. Edgar ; J. Lion, James T.
Campbell and Cathie E. Courseu, both of San
Francisco. * / ......
COFFIN— In this city, July 21, 1896, by
the Rev. D. O. Kelley. Lieutenant W. H. Coffin,
Fifth Artillery, and Mrs. Minnie M. Wood.
HALLOCK— CHESMORE— this city, July 20,
1896. by the Rev. William N. Meserve. James
C. Hallock and Alice Chesmore, both of San
Francisco.
X>XED. ~~~
Breschini, Pasquale Kenney, Agnes
Casey, James M. Lennon, Thomas F.
Colin- Wall, Catherine A. McNamee. William
Darre, Marital Noonan, Rev. Sister A.
Davis, Mrs. Rachel O'Brien, Ellen J.
Flint, Alex B. Riley, Catherine
Gleeson, John Sipp, Carl
Hanna. James W. Talbot, Captain E. 8.
Heizman, John . Van Slyck, Kitty H.
Ingersoil. Mary J. G. Walker, Mrs. M. G.
Jepson, Rena M. Wheeler, Captain R. H.
Williamson, Evelyn M.
BRESCHINI— In this city. July 19, 1898, Pas-
quale Breschini, a native of Switzerland, aged 55
years and 3 months.
CASEY-ln Oakland, July 21. 1896, James M.,
husband of the late Eliza Casey, and father of
Lizzie. Raphael. Charles. James. John,- David
and Edward Casey, Mrs Fitzhenry, Mrs. Swee-
ney and Mrs. Fay, a native of County Kerry,
Ireland.
JSfS-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9:15 o'clock a. it., from the resi-
dence of his children, 410 Thirteenth street, San
Francisco, thence to St. Joseph's County, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. _.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
COLIN-WALL— Iu this city, July 20, 1896, Cath-
erine A. Wall, widow of the late George Colin,
and mother of Otic Colin, a native of San Fran-
cisco. Cal., aged 35 years 8 months and 9 days.
Frienas and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the
undertaking parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a
solemn requiem mas* will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. _.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DARRE-In this city, July 19, 1896, Marital
Darre, a native of France, aged 29 years. .
DAVIS— In East Oakland, July 19, 1895. Mrs.
- Rachel Davis, beloved mother of Charles W.,
Suniner IL, George E. and Andrew L. Davis and
Mrs. Eliza C. Watts and Mrs. Esther Fredson
Crowell, a native of Maine, aged 84 years 1
month and 21 days. r. •
WThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday) from her late residence, 1280
Nineteenth avenue. East Oakland. ••
FLINT— Towle. July 21, 1896, Alex a, beloved
husband of Dlontsia Flint, a native of Nova
Scotia, aged -67 years. [Boston papers please
copy.j
Notice of funeral hereafter.
GLEEPON— In the City and County Hospital,
July 21, 1896, John Gleeson, aged 64 yean.
HANNA— In Alameda. July 20, 1896, James W.
Hanna, a native of New York, aged 43 years 5
months and 25 days.
Ui:i/..MAN-In this city. July 21. 1896, John, be-
loved husband of Mac dalena C. Heizman, and
father of Frunces, George and Lottie Heizman
and Mrs. Robert. Grabau, a native of - Baden,
Germany, aged 66 years 2 months and 5 days.
tie' Friends and acquaintances and members
of Gesellschatt Teutonia and the San Francisco
Maenner-cbor ivre respectfully invited to attend
the funeral TO-MORROW (Thursday), at 2 O'clock
r. x., from his late . residence, 302 Fell street,
near Gongh. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. :
INGERSOLL— In this city, July < 20. 1898, Mary
Jesus Gurra, beloved wife of James IngersoU.a
native of Lematchi. Chile, Soutn America, aged
81) years 10 months and 3 days.
49"Frlends ana acquaintances are r'Mne'v-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday ),at 7 :45 o'clock __ from her late resi-
dence, 436 .Twenty-ninth street, thence to De
Guadalupe Church, where a solemn requiem
mais will be -celebrated for tbe repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:50 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Ceme:ery.
JEPSON— In Oakland, July 21, 1896, Rena M..
beloved wife of Joseph C. . Jepson, a native of '
Denmark, aged 28 years.
KENNEY— In this city. July 19. IS9B, Agnes,
dearly beloved wife of George, G. Kenuey, and
sister of Mrs. George H. Alden, ; a native of San
Francisco.
j9S~ Friends and -. acquaintances are respac.-
folly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. v.. from her late
residence, 351 Grove street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness' avenue, where mass will be
' celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30. o'clocit a. m. ; Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. .
LENNON— this city, July 19, 1896, Thomas P.
Lennon, a native of Massachusetts, aged 48 years.
89-Tbe funeral took place TUESDAY. July
21, from the parlors of the san Francisco Under-
taking Company, 1235 Market street, near Ninth.
McNAMEE— this city. July 20, 1896, William,
dearly beloved lather of Edward E. McName",
and brother of Mrs. R. • H. Porter, • a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 70 years 10 months and It)
I days. ■-'. '■-,---■ -,■...'..
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to : attend the funeral THIS DAT
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock . p. m., from his late
residence. 16 Dearborn street, off Seventeenth.'
between Valencia and - Guerrero. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ..
NOONAN— In Berkeley, July 19, 1896, Rev. Sis-
ter Annunclata-Noonan, aged 23 years and 11
months. '.. ' -. ■■ •
O'BRIEN— In this city, July 21, 1896, Ellen Jose-
phine, dearly beloved child of Anthony and Julia
O'Brien, a native of San Francisco, Cal:, aged 7
months and 21 days. ,
RILBY— In Port Costa, July 19, 1896, Catherine
Riley, a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
SIPP— In this city, July 20, 1898, Carl Sipp, a na-
tive of Germany, aaed 53 years.
TALBOT— In Oakland, July 21, 18">6, Captain E.
S. Talbot, a native of Maine, aged 62 years.
VAN SLYCK (nee Kohn) In this city, July 21.
1896, Kitty H. Van Slyck (nee Kohn), beloved
wife of George Van Slyck, and daughter of
Henry and the late Caiharina Kohn, and sister
of Mrs. Jasper Jerkins. Mrs. Bert Rawllnson,
Margareth, Louis. ; Henry and ' Walter Kohn, a
native of San Francisco, Cal., aged 31 years =11
months and 1 2 days. . -'.••.■-■•
AST* Friends and acquaintances are rosnect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence, 528 Folaom I street, between First and
Second. ; Interment I. O. O. X Cemetery.
WALKER— In Butte, Mont.. Jnly 6, 18*16, Mrs.
Mahals Gray Walker, formerly of ■ Marysvllle,
. a native of ItlinoU.' aged 50 years.
WHEELER— In this city, July 20, 1896, Captain
- R. 11. Wheeler, husband of Eunice M. Wheeler,
and father of Mrs. E. H. Black and C. K.
. Wheeler, a native of Rockland, Me., aged 72
■; years, -'r.'- .:■ >■'.- .*, v ".'■• -.' .. -. ■■
JK*~rFriends and acquaintance* - am ; respso:- ~
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
~ (Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m., from his late
residence,- 20 "/ a Rondel place. Interment pri-
vate at Cypress Lawn Cemetery. -
WILLIAMSON— In this city, July 20, 1896, Eve-
' lyn M. Williamson, aged 6 months. '
McAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIBECTORS _ EMBALMKBS,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
.' 7." " . ' Telephone 3080.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: -NEAREST CEME-
tery to the city; non-sectarian; in.no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Office 997' Market
street, southeast corner of Sixth. ;•",-"
''OPIUM
The pure essential extract from the native dm» Con.
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without JU noxious elements. No sickness cf stomach,
no Tomlt Jig , no spstl veness ; no aeaoa«h.», Ail Drucuiat*
1516
DANGER LURKS BENEATH THE PAVEMENT,
Channel - Street Sewer on
the Swift Road to
Ruin.
CRUMBLING OF THE ARCH
Jarring to Pieces Under the
Wheels of Southern Pa
cific Trains.
ELDER'S STARTLING DISCOVERY
Track-Builders Hastening to Move
the Steel Rails to a Place of
Greater Safety.
George W. Elder, the official expert of
the Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors, has made a great discovery.
The Channel-street sewer, he has ascer
tained, is cracked in several places. Bricks
have dropped from the arch, mortar has
fallen off.
This sewer is the drainage outlet for
more square miles of populated territory
The Street Committee of the Supervisors has discovered that the great Channel-street sewer has been dangerously cracked by the passage over it of heavy trains.
Many square m.les are dependent on the integrity of the big drainage outlet and its collapse would also mean extreme peril to traffic. The Southern Pacific Railroad
Company has taken the alarm. The picture represents a force of men at Sixteenth and Channel Streets yesterday endeavoring to equalize the pressure on the sewer by
putting down a new track. In the meantime the utmost caution is exercised in running trains over the doubtful locality.
in the city Oi San Francisco than any
other big drain here existing. All tht>i
portion of the City in the region of the
panhandle of the park, a large slice of ter
ritory south of McAllister street, the en
tire Mission, and in fact fully one-half of
the densely populated portion of San
Francisco, is much concerned in the intep;
rity of the Channel-street sewer directly.
The sewer was built in 1876. Twenty
years it bas served its purpose well.
Within the past two months it has been
shattered, perhaps fatally, and by the
trains of the Southern Pacific Company.
The sewer is not alone in danger.
The Southern Pacific Company's trains
crawl along at a snail's pace on the main
track between Sixteenth and Ninth streets.
The construction department of the rail
road has fears that the cars may crush
through the top of the sewer as through an
eggshell, and fall with passengers or
freight 10 the bottom of the drain. The
situation is conceded to be very serious
and very novel.
A vigorous search was made yesterday
for Mr. Eider. He was found on the cor
ner of Sixteenth and Channel streets, in
tensely absorbed in watering some opera
tions upon the track above the sewer and
upon the old paintshop of the Southern
Pacific Company, which latter workmen
were uemolishing as speedily as possible.
A gang of trackmen stood on the track,
not far from the old paintshop, busied
somewhat with work on the compara
tively new roadbed, which has been down
only a few weeks. Mr. Elder at first was
less communicative than the railroad em
ployes. It was known by the representa
tive of The Call, on the spot, that not
many day 3 apo there was a somawhat
sensational exit from the sewer of men
NEW TO-DAY.
75 years of well
earned fame stands
to the credit of this
worthy name,
PS***
/* ** {Jamaica
Ginger
The most efficacious
means of curing
Cramps, Colic, Chol-
era Morbus, Di-
arrhoea, Dysentery
and other ills of the
stomach. Acts like
a touch of magic.
As harmless as milk.
rKED BROWN CO., Philadelphia. -
who were employed by the Street Depart
ment.
These men were cleaning the sewer, to
prevent it from becoming clogged up.
While they were in the sewer a Southern
Pacific freight train rolled heavily over
their heads. The walls of the sewer
quaked and trembled and the floor of it
was jarred violently. The demonstration
was so striking that the Street Depart
ment employes, thinking that discretion
was the beter part of valor, made a pre
cipitate retreat and declined to return to
work in the sewer.
Also from other sources of information
it had come to the knowledge of The Call
that, following this alarm, which was
promptly communicated to the head of
the Street Department, the Southern Pa
cific Company was notified that their
trains were in danger because of the cracks
in the sewer. About that time the cars
began to move so slowly that every one
noticed the snail's pace and remarked it.
No one vouchsafed any information as a
matter of course. A painted board having
upon it the word "slow" was placed be
tween the main track above the sewer and
the side track, a few feet to the south of
the sewer. That order to the engineers is
followed implicitly.
Mr. Elder's mission when he was found
at Channel and Sixteenth streets was so
manifest, in the light of information al
ready received, that he did not deny it.
He was at that place to acquire informa
tion and to observe the effect of passing
trains. Not far below Sixteenth street
there projects a manhole, only a few feet
| from the main track. This has been ob- .
j served to sway back and forth when trains
j ran at the old rate of speed, and was, in
fact, one of the first manifestations con
cernin? the shaking up which the railroad
was giving the sewer. "While the repre
sentative of The Call looked on the
whistle of a locomotive was heard in the
distance. A few seconds later a passenger
train from San Jose appeared.
The eewer has its proper outlet at Ninth
street and its beginning at Sixteenth
street. Between these two points there Is
a distance of over 4000 feet, or, roughly
estimated, about three-fourths of a mile.
The train crossed Sixteenth street hardly
moving, having steadily slackened its
speed for some distance before the cross
ing was reached. The engineer and rire
| men were hanging out of opposite sides of
I the locomotive cab. The occupants of the
I baggage-car were in the door openings of
I that vehicle. They occupied these posi
tions all the time the wheels were drag
ging slowly along to Ninth street. The
passengers seemed unconscious that there
was any particular reason for tnis su<iden
and long spell of slow riding, but looked
j about curiously nevertheless.
The section or track hands of the
Southern Pacific Company who were in
evidence watched the track and train
alike keenly, suspending their work tem
porarily.
One of the track-workers, a man evi
dently acquainted with the facts, ex
plained quite fully what was going on.
The old paintshop is being torn down, he
| said, to make room for track-laying south
j of the present embankment, upon which
! at this point, there are two tracks and
switches.
"What is the need of this?" was asked.
"The sewer is cracked."
"Wnat are the men going to do?"
"They are going to put down a new
track to equalize the pressure upon the
sewer and to take off the direct pressure."
The foundation of the old paintshop is
at least ten feet below the level of the top
of the present railroad embankment. Con
sequently at least that height of earth
must be made there and the new bank will
have to be extended from 2000 to 3000 feet
at least. This work will be quite expen
sive. The fact was noted as signiricant of
the dangers existing.
"What do you know about this matter?"
was abked of Mr. Eider.
"Well, I know that the sewer is cracKed
because I sent a man in th«»re to make an
inspection. The Street Department did
not give me the information, but I found
out that there was trouble. The man who
went into the sewer for me is one whom I
can fully trust to report the facts fairly,
and he is fully competent to judge of the
facts, being a skilled mechanic. I have
personally looked through the- sewer and
have satisfied myself by my own observa
tion that the sewer has been badly dam
aged. There are several cracks. One of
them is very long. Others are shorter.
Some pieces of brick have fallen or been
shaken from the arch. The condition of
the mortar shows that it fell lately, and
there is no doubt that the cracks wnich I
saw are fresh.
"1 consider this a serious matter. The
Southern Pacific Company seems to be
getting ready to move its tracks before the
winter season, when the rains are sure to
test the btrength of the sewer. I have
been studying and watching down here
for st-veral days, but I did not know posi
tively until to-day all the facts of which I
am now possessed, I did not want to say
anything until I was sure.
"The main tract of the railroad, which
is above the sewer, has been in its present
position only about two months. It was
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1896.
necessary to mike a fill of possibly ten
feet to provide a roadbed. At the outset
seeing what waa contemplated I said the
rolling of heavy trains over the sewer
would hurt it, and since the roadbed was
put down i have kept careful watch.
"The first sign to me that there was
trouble was given by the slowing down of
the trains. Then, as I have said, I sent
in an expert to inspect and also make a
personal inspection of the interior of the
sewer. It is true that the workmen em
ployed by the Street Department to clean
the sewer were frightened away when the
sewer shook around them. They were
afrai'.l that they might be killed by masses
of falling bricks.
"The main track, over which the passen
ger and freight trains are run to and from
San Jose, was formerly in the yard, and it
was necessary, in order to run around in
this direction, to make the fill above the
sewer.
"When the track was being laid I told
some of the railroad people that they were
inviting danger, but they seemed to think
that I was mistaken, and said so. All the
time I was confident that the track would
damage the sewer. I have seen the shaking
of a manhole beside the track from some
distance when a train was passing over
the sewer. Only to-day have I become
fully aware concerning the damage which
has been accomplished. Workmen have
refused to enter the sewer during the past
three or four days because it was shaken
so.
"The railroad trains are not moving here
now at a greater speed than four miles
per hoar as you have observed. The rail
road company is taking every precaution
to avoid accidents. It would oe awkward
to have a train tall through to the bottom
of the sewer. The track is less than five
feet wide, and the sewer is eleven feet
wide, so that there is room for that to
George W. Elder, Expert of the Street Committee. Who Discovered the Danger
ous Condition of the Sewer.
happen. The crackß that I saw extend
most of the way from Sixteenth street to
Fourteenth. The arch is broken and
bricks protrude, while some have fallen.
The railroad men admit that they are
shifting tracks to take the strain off the
sewer.
"A collapse in winter time of the sewer
would be very serious. It would affect
property-owners in an area embracing
many square miles of residence property.
The sewer has not been able always to
carry off all the volume of water poured
into it during protracted and hard storms
in the past. From Eighteenth street as
far down as Thirteenth street, and as far
up as Howard street, more or less damage
has been done during heavy rains simply
because the drainage could not be carried
off. I have seen manhole covers lifted
out and water shot out to a height of from
six to eight feet at the crossing of Eigh
teenth and Shotwell streets, and at other
points.
"I have seen boxes floated out of
grocery stores on account of the backing
of water in that section when the Chan
nel-street sewer was clear to carry off all
the drainage. When the pressure of all
the water in its wide area of drainage is
brought to bear next winter the full ef
fect will be felt on the cracks and may
cau?e a collapse. That would mean a loss,
which in total it is difticu't to approxim
ately estimate, especially if the cave-in
should take place in the night. If the
cave-in should happen between Ninth or
Tenth and Twelfth streets the whole sew
age of a great part of the City would be
arrested.
"Enough damage may have been done
already to cans* a collapse. Only two
years ago, the sewer, of coarse, being opeu,
Mr. Helms, a grocer, got damages amount
ing to $1600 against tne City for water set
back from the Channel-street sewer."
Train after train crept slowly along be
tween Ninth and Sixteenth streets yester
day. When afternoon came a large force
of men was put to wort by the Southern
Pacific Company. The force tearing down
the paintshop in the yards was doubled.
Over a hundred men were set to work fill
ing in for the new track to be laid and the
dirt flew with haste. The work will be
pushed so that the main track may be
moved to a safe place as soon as possible.
Concerning the Channel-street sewer
the following additional facts are learned
at the office of the City and County Sur
veyor: The outlet is 8 feet 6 inches by 11
feet 6 inches in dimensions. The height
at Sixteenth street is only about 5 feet,
and the breadth there is less. Formerly
the t lacks of the railroad ran about 20 feet
from the sewer. The brickwork is in four
sections, the length of the sections being
respectively, 620, 1587, 1458 and 415 feet.
The total length of the brick structure is
4080.74 feet. The fall is about 8 feet to the
mile. The sewer is round and is plastered
over the bricks on the inside.
HIS WIFE'S BAD TEMPER.
Cigar-Dealer Lansj Lays All Hi* Family
Troubles at His Spouse's Door.
The answer of Charles Lang, the Pine
street cigar-dealer, to the complaint in di
vorce of his wife, Bessie Lang, has been
filed.
He denies the charges of his better half
that he dragged her about the house by
her hair; that he hit her with a chair;
that be called her vile namss, or that dur
ing her illness he said he hoped she would
die. He admits, however, that he did
strike at her with a chair. He say? that
at the time of that episode he was asleep
about 10 p. m., when his daughter called to
him, s lying, her mother was abusing her.
He got up, and in the altercation that fol
lowed struck at his wife with the article of
furniture mentioned.
Lang claims that his wife has a violent
I temper, is addicted to the nse of vile lan-
I guat;e, drinks to excess, and is not a fit
i custodian for her children.
For a further and separate answer the
husband asserts that his wife's name is
Bridget, not Bessie, and that on May 14
she deserted him, and that the two older
children, being allowed to use their own
discretion in the matter, remained with
him.
Lang prays for the custody of the chil
dren and that his wife be restrained from
; interfering with the community property.
j He also claims that the income from his
business is but $35 per month, not |150, as
i claimed by his wife.
TWISTED A BOY'S EAR.
George Johnston, » Grocer, Wanted on
» « barge of Buttery.
Joseph Holland, 208 Twenty-third street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Joachim- ,
sen's - court yesterday charging George
; Johnston, grocer. Twenty-third and Flor
ida streets, with battery. ■'}.:
Holland's son, Joseph, ; a boy about 9
years of age, went to : Johnston's grocery I
: on Monday to purchase some soda crack
ers. Johnston bad been annoyed by boys
playing pranks upon him, arid thinking
: the Holland boy. was one of them, as soon
as be entered the store caught him by the
ear and twisted it so hard as to tear it.
A physician had to pat several stitches in
the torn ear. :•'.,;. .
Loans on diamonds. Interest low. At Uncle
Harris', 15 Grant avenue.
FOUR THOUSAND
GORGEOUS WHEELS
Will Be Ridden in the
Illuminated Parade
Saturday Night
BALLOONS WILL GO UP.
Many Immense Bonfires Will
Light the Way on Market
Street,
LADY BICYCLISTS IN LINE.
Judge Campbell Will Lead Unattached
Wheelman— Making Progress
With Details.
The cyclists demonstration on the 25th
for new paved streets will undoubtedly be
a most original and entertaining parade
for several reasons.
The Bay City Wheelmen promise special
features in the way of floats. Six or eight
have already been prepared. The nature
of the floats is a close secret and will be
divulged only on the night of the jollifi
cation.
The Imperial Club will turn out over
200 men with every wheel decorated.
The Vailejo Club has asked for an as
signment in line and the committee has
decided to put this club, with the Acme
and Reliance of Oakland, together with
the other clubs of the suburban bay towns,
in one division.
The parade will be headed by children
riders. It is said that San Francisco has
the smallest bicycle riders in ail the world,
and the City intends to demonstrate this
In the parade. The youngest wheelmen
will be only 3 years old.
The committee on parade purchased
3000 lanterns for decorations yesterday,
and wili place another order for as many
more before the end of tnis week.
Judge Campbell has been requested to
lead the unattached wheelmen.
The electric liglit company has agreed
to furnish electric lights tor the grand
stand. As regards decoration, the com
mittee has decided to concentrate flags,
buntings and illumination at the corner
of Fourth and Market streets.
The prize for the best-mounted aid to
the grand marshal will be a handsome
gold medal, the size of a silver dollar, with
the head of a horse in bas relief on one side
and on the obverse the words: "Awarded
to South Side Improvement Club, July 25,
1896." The Merchants' Association has
joined issue with the cyclers and the South
Side chilis.
The executive committee of the Cycle
Board of Trade and the South Side Im
provement clubs met last night at 18 Mc-
Allister street, and made considerable
headway with arrangements. Various
committees reported, and the reports were
acted upon at once.
The outlook is that next Saturday night
there will be at least 4000 wheels in the
parade. All will be decorated, and many
of them will be elaborately ornamented.
Some revelations in the way of decora
tions of wheels are promised. The most
sanguine, active workers in getting up the
parade predict that there will be any
where from 4000 to 8000 decorated wheels
in line, and this would matte one of the
most novel and gorgeous illuminated pa
rades San Francisco has ever seen.
Reports of the committees last evening
show that a platoon of police will head
the parade; that the Superintendent of
Streets will be requested to clean up on
Friday the streets over which the parade
wili move; that outside clubs from Val
lejo, Banta Rosa, Petaluma, Napa and
other surrounding towns will be in line;
that there will be an immense bonfire at
Market street and Van Ness avenue; that
! bushels of redfire and fireworks galore
: will be set off; that illuminated banners
will be carried showing the inscription,
"Repay« Market Street"; that there will
be numerous beautiful illuminated floats
of unique and wonderful design; that
there will be four or five brass bands in
wagons to stir the air with music, and
that there will be other interesting feat
ures, the particulars of which are kept
secret until they astonish the admiring
public in their debut.
One of the most attractive divisions of
the parade will be composed of the Alpha
Ladies' Cycle Club. The ladies will ride
at the head of the procession. They in
vite lady riders who are not attached to
the club to join with them.
The South Side Improvement clubs,
• while co-operating with the general parade,
have made arrangemen U to do a little inde
pendent booming of the South Side on
their own hook and at their own expense.
For instance, they have leased a vacant
lot across from the speakers' stand, at
1 Market street and Van Ness avenue, »nd
around this lot will oe letters composed of
Japanese lanterns, reading as follows:
"Finish Folsom Street and Repave Mar
ket." Besides this they will send up count
less paper balloons all over .own bearing
the same demand.
A brass band will play between speeches
on the stand, which will also be deco
rated.
It is understood, that the cycle clubs
'- NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS. ■
IMPORTiNT
ANNOUNCEMENT !
Owing to the late arrival of a very
large shipment of Cotton Wash Fab-
rics we will offer, commencing MON-
DAY, July 20th, 1500 pieces BEST
QUALITY PRINCESS DUCKS and
TAILOR MADE SUITINGS, all staple
colors, at
Cs3« per Yard
The sale of these goods will con-
tinue until our Semi-Annual Stock-
Taking, which takes place July 31st,
and our customers in the interior are
requested to write for samples at once..
The above goods are sold everywhere
in the United States at 12aC per yard.
4
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
will furnish their own decorations, but
1500 lanterns with wire have been pur
chased for wheelmen who are not mem
bers of clubs, and they will be distributed I
free. Ud to 12 o'clock next Saturday these
lanterns and wires may be bad at 18 and
20 McAllister street, and after that hour
on Saturday at 519 Valencia street.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE NOTES
Return of Miss Mary Hay From
the Chautauqua
Assembly.
Precinct Clubs Are Be ng Organized
All Over the City and in
the Interior.
Miss Mary E. Hay, chairman of the
Woman Suffrage State Central Commit
tee, returned yesterday afternoon from
her trip to Pacific Grove, where she has I
organized a large Woman Suffrage club.
"I found much enthusiasm among the
suffragists at Pacific Grove," she said,
shortly after her return, "and they re
fused to be satisfied until they had a club.
So I called a meeting, and before I knew
it the club was formed, with Mrs. Hollen
beck as its president.
"The woman's day at the Chautauqua
assembly was a grand day for us. Tne at
tendance was simply astonishing in its
magnitude, women coming from far and
near. On Monday night Miss Anthony
made a lons address before several thou
sand people. The great auditorium wus I
packed from the platform to the vestibule,
numbers being unable to force their way in
to the building. Miss Anthony's appearance
was greeted with repeated bursts of cheer
ing, in which the men's voices fairly
drowned out those of the women. She
spoke as I have never heard her speak
before and carried her audience by storm.
Mrs. Blinn also spoke and seemed to have
imbibed a liberal draught of the spirit of
the hour, for her eloquence made her
sway the minds of her hearers like one
inspired.
"And now," concluded Miss Hay, with
an accent of finality in her voice which
meant business, "my correspondence has
been gathering since my departure last
week, and 1 have a mountain of letters
to answer; so don't expect me to talk any
more."
The committee's rooms in the Woman
Suffrage Bureau are always kept fragrant
with flowers, members and friends seem
ing to vie with each other as to who
snail send the fairest and sweetest
floral expressions of their loyalty to
the cause. An addition has been
mad* to the furniture in the shape of a
most gracefully designed and highly
polished box, which, though very orna- I
mental, is intended to serve a practical I
end as well, jadging from the daintily
etched inscription above it: "Contribu
tions to the campaign fund."
The work of organizing the precinct
clubs is rapidly approaching completion,
and the ontlook seems most promising.
Wants Her Child.
>|W - '<•<•>■>'.'• 1.. r',v,J Y'->' ''1. 7 ■■-:
fur t ?TT<*» 'Icon oi ihm l«u«* i>f '~BUATUW>ia.iJ>
'■ r . f. i i'.«On .
WliflJioneU ike ue(oTiMUM»u« aaTjwa ti> lU
re(tn««cci i a U 01 > .
•t' .
When Baby was sick, we ga-»e her Castoria.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria.
1 iBR <ffle(j(unsariade&
22 Geary St., Near Kearny.
The Black Goods House
will place on sale during
the coming week several
lines of superior makes in
BLACK KID GLOVES
WHITE KID GLOVES
At an unusual reduction
from regular prices, with
the object of largely in-
troducing their superior
merit.
8 SEE THE VALUES IN
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
Samples forwarded. Goods sent 0. 0. D,
R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
• Telephone Grant 518.
FURNITURE
CARPETS.
Four-room Outfit, Parlor, Din-)
ing room. Bedroom and> ©17K HA
Kitchen............ ..J <fr I O.UU
Fine selected Ash Bedroom) <&i £* X A
Suit. 6 pieces, Bevel mirror.f «jpi.U.«)l/
Parlor Suit, upholstered in) GOO XA
silk brocatelle ......) $£ £ . til/
Haiidsome Sideboard } $10.00
And Upward
Eleeant Desks and Bookcases,) 0,100
highly polished... 1 v
And Upward
i Choice Patterns in Velvets,) CA pi Q
Brussels and Ingrains, tllf via
. sewed, laid and lined. ..... ) and upward
Also a complete line or household goods of every
description at proportionately low prices. Houses
furnished all over the Coast on easy payments.
Country orders receive prompt attention. Goods
packed and shipped free to Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley. Insoectlon cordially invited and
credit extended to all. -
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224, 228, 230 and 306 and 308 I
STOCKTON STREET,
' And 237 POST STREET.
Telephone, Main 1323. Ooeu Evening*
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON sts-rw
-EL modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD,*- ca
European plan. I Kooms 60c to $1 50 per day «1
to f 8 per week, $8 to 830 per montn; . tree baths-
hot and cold-water every room; tiro graCM li
•very room; : elevator runs all night. •, ; . " - *
ft .^patents! J
V«w^22Q MARKET SJ.SJC^Sm^
*"■'■-• " '',-' , ■ , ..-■■'