VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 108.
PROTECTION
THE POLICY
Farmers Descend From the
Rugged Alleghanies to
Canton.
UNSWERVING LOYALTY
TO M'KINLEY.
Fifteen Hundred Stalwart Men
Make a Pilgrimage to Show
Their Devotion.
RINGING ADDRESSES ON THE
LEADING ISSUES.
Gallant Stand of the Republican Party
for the Country's Prosperity
Portrayed.
CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 15.— From the
crests of the Alleghanies 1500 stalwart
mountaineer farmers of Somerset County,
Pa., descended on Canton to-dny to prom
ise their support to Major McKiniey, and
to assure him that the farmers in the
highlands are as earnestly in favor of
sound money as they are of a protective
tariff. They came with three bands and
rbuny banners inscribed with appropriate
raxty mottoes. Each man wore large
clusters of goldenrod on the lapei of his
coat, and some attached the emblematic
blossoms to their liats.
The delegation was organized by Editor
George R. Scull. This was the lamest
delegation of farmers Major McKinley has
addressed at his home. It comprised one
fifth of the voters of Somerset County.
The spokesman was Farmer N. B. Critch
field. He was introduced by Mr. Scull.
He made a thoughtful speech that was lib
erally applauded. Major McKinley said:
Senator Critchfield ard my fellow-citizens:
It gives me sincere pleasure to meet my
friends and fellow-ci izens of Somerset
County, Pennsylvania, in my State, my city
and my home. You have traveled more than
250 miles to bring to me assurance of your
confidence and of your purpose to give to the
Republican party and its glorious principles*
your united and hearty support. [Great ap
plause.] Your spokesman says that the people
of your county are devoted to farmiDg. Look
ing over this vast audience, and remembering
how far you are from home, I should think
you were devoted to P.epublican politics.
[Tremendous applause.] I do not recalV a
time since the days of the Civil War that there
has been so much solicitude for the rightful
outcome of a National e.ection as this year,
1896. All the people are reading and study
ing and informing themselves in a larger
degree than ever beiore. They want to know
on:y what is best for the country — what will
truly promote their own welfare and insure
the grandest resuhs for the common people.
[Great applause.]
The political situation in tne country is
peculiar. We have few parallels to our present
political pcsi(ioi). We have but one political
party which ;s united and that is ours. [Laugh
ter and applause] Discord reigns iv ali others.
Our time-honored opponent — the Democratic
party— is torn and divided. Two National con
ventions have been held by it and two Na
tional ticket? presented, and their platforms
are totally different on every subject and in
almost every stction. The Populist tiarty has
merged its organization into that of the Chi
cago Democratic ana St. Louis silver organiza
tion, and the allies ri re for the most part har
monious, except that each one has a distinct
and different candidate for Vice-President.
[Laugrh'.er.J Happiiy the Republican party was
never more closely united than now, both in
fact and in spirit, and there was never better
reason for such union and never greater neces-'
Bity for it than now. [Cheering and cries of
"That's right."] It is wedded, devotedly
wedded to party principles.
It stands, as it has always stood, for an Ameri
can protective tariff which shall raise enough
money to conduct the severnl departments 61
the Government, including liberal pensions to
the Union soldiers [cheering and hurrahs
for McKiuley]— a tariff that will stop debts and
deficiencies and make the treasury of the
United States only more safe and sound In
every particular. [Applause.]
It stands for a reciprocity that seeks out the
markets of the world for our surplus agricul
tural and manufacturing products without
surrendering a single day's wage that belong?
to the American workingman. [Applause.] It
believes in preserving a home market for the
American farmer [applause]; in opening the
factory ior the American workingman [ap
plause], and the opening up of a foreign mar
ket that can be done with profit to all the
great interests of the United States. [Renewed
applause.] It is, too, for sound money
[cheers] — every dollar worth 100 cents [re
newed cheering], every dollar as good as gold
[continued cheering], and is oppoaed alike to
the free and unlimited coinage of silver and
the issuance of irredeemable paper money, to
which the allied parties seem firmly commit
ted. [Great applause.]
It has always kept silver at a parity with
gold. It proposes to keep that silver money in
circulation and preserve side by side gold,
giiver and paper, .each the equal of the other
and each the equal of tne best, and the best
never to be inferior to the best money known
to the commercial nations of the world. [Tre
mendous cheering.]
It will continue to favor a policy that will
give work to American citizens [applause],
markets to American farmers [cries of "That's
what we want"], and sound money to both.
[Tremendous cheering and cries of "Hurrah
for McKinley"]. We are now convinced, after
three years of experience, whatever msy have
been our political relations in the past, the
truth of the observation of Webster, made
more than half a century ago. You will recall
that he said: "That is the truest American
policy which shall most usefully employ Amer
ican capital aud American labor and best sus
tain the whole American population." [Ap
plause.]
Agriculture, commerce and manufacturing
will prosper together or languish together.
We cannot have commercial prosperity with
out the strictest integrity both oi Government
and citizen. [Renewed applause and cries of
"That's right."] The financial honor of this
Government Is of too vast importance, is en
tirely too sacred, to be the football of party
politics. [Great applause.] The Republican
pßriy has maintained it and is pledged to
maintain it. It has more than once stood be
tween good faith and dishonor and when i'
gave up the control of the Government our
National honor had never before been so high
ana unquestioned. [Applause ] The Repub
lican part is pledged to maiutain the credit
oi the Government, which is Intimately asso
The San Francisco Call
elated with its spotless name and honor, ana
this it will do under all circumstances and at
any cost.
Cousider, my fellow-citizens, the advance
ment we made between 1880 and 1890. and
uuring those years we never had free trade
nor free silver. [Great laughter.] The marvel
ous progress of the country between 1880 and
1890 is worthy the study of all American citi
zens. It is the best answer to the oft-repeated
but fallacious statement that the country had
been i offering from the effect of tne act of
1873 which stopped the free coinage of sflver.
It is an unanswerable argument for the res
toration of a protective tariff aud the main
tenance of souud money. [Applause.]
Early in the afternoon tbe Grand Army
posts of Stark County called on Major
McKinley. Five hundred veterans marched
with "valiant step but slow" behind the
bands and the old regimental flags — flags
that were torn by shot and rent by
shells; flags that were waved at Shiloh,
raised at Winchester, glorified at Gettys
burg. The veterans marched with a sol
dierly aspect that won them a tribute of
earnest applause ah along the streets
through which they passed. Colonel J. J.
Clark made a brief eloquent addre-s to
Major McKinley on behalf of the visiting
comrades. In answer to Colonel Clark
Major McKinley said:
Colonel Clark, my comrades and fellow-citi
zens: It is a very great honor to me, and one
which I shall always cherish, to receive this
call from my old comrades of the war living in
this neighborhood. [Applause] I bid you
welcome to my home and express to you in
response to the generous and grateful message
delivered by Colonel Clark my profound grati
tude and thanks. Coming to this city to give
me congratulations not only are those who
served on the Union side during that
great struggle, but the men who served on the
Confederate side. Both have been Here to
tender congratulations and give me assur
ances of support. [Great cheering.] Now ail
are citizens of the common Union aud all of
them ready to battle for that Union and for
the honor and integrity of the Government of
the United States. [Cheering.]
I am glad to meet you here to-day. I was
proud of you when in the field. lam proud ol
you as citizens of the Union which you helped
to save. [Applause.] No grander, no better,
no more glorious army ever marched to battle
for a noble cause than the army of which you
were a part. [Great cheering.] You were pa
triots then ; yovi,are patriots now. You know
no po.itics in your Grand Army posts. [Cries
of "No, no-"] But you know patriotism when
you see it [Applause and cries of "you're
right."] I thank you most warmly for this call
and for the cordiality of your greeting and the
gracious messages which have been delivered
Dy your spokesman: and as another delega
tion is wait ng, I must close by saving that it
will give me great pleasure to shake each one
of my oid comrades by tbe hand. [Great
cheering.]
The call of the Grand Army men was
one of the most impressive visits Major
McKinley has received.
Hon. R. C. Kerens of St. Louis, who
was Major McKinley's guest throughout
the day, has arranged for tbe visit of a
large delegation of farmers from Northern
Missouri on the sth of October. This will
be the first long-distance farmers' delega
tion to visit Canton. It is estimated that
most of those who come with it will have
to travel at least 800 miles.
Among Major McKinley's callers to-day
was Dr. Bartn of Berlin, a member of the
German Reichstag. Dr. Barth has come
to tho United States to study our politics
and will be in this country until after the
Presidential election. To a representative
of the United As.^ociated Presses he said:
"I am much interested in American
politics. 1 have seen, met and heard Mr.
Bryan and I have greatly enjoyed meeting
Major McKinley and seeing the great del
egation which calied on him to-day. He
is a fine speaker. We are in favor of what
you call sound money in Germany and we
do not want the Unit' d States to plunge
itself into grave difficulties by trying to
open its mints to the free coinage of silver
witnout waiting for an] international
agreement."
A tidal-wave of congratulatory messages
rolled into Canton this morning. The
Maine victory is the cause of much re
joicing among Republicans. Among the
messages received were the following:
AUGUSTA, Me.. Sept. 15.— I^ffer you my
hearty congratulations. This idj'our triumph.
The party hHS achieved the most sweeping vic
tory ever accorded any party in the history of
Maine. J. H. Manley.
The president of the National League
Clubs wires as follows:
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 15.— Maine, Vermont
and the boys are with you. That settles it.
D. D. WOODMANSEE.
EVERETT, Wash., Sept. 15.— The far Western
State of Washington sends greeting to Maine.
The citizens of this new manufacturing city
on Puget Bound, irrespective of party, have
fired 100 guns to celebrate the triumph of
honesty and common sense in both Vermont
and Maine. We will clasp hands with them in
November. F. H. Mulfokd,
President Everett Non-Partisan Gold League.
FOR McKINLEY AND SILVER.
Senator Woleott Makes a Telling Speech
at Colorado Spring*.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Sept. 15.
Senator E. O. Woleott delivered his first
speech this evening. He was given
a big reception. Upon his arrival he
was greeted by a large crowd and escorted
to the hotel, where he made a brief speech
from a balcony.
At the Colisseum this evening 4000 peo
ple crowded in to hear him and an over
flow meeting was held in the North Park.
Free excursions were run from Denver and
other cities, bringing in several hundred
people. After dwelling npon local issues
and tne importance to Colorado of protec
tion and an arraignment of the Chicago
platform the Senator spoke as follows:
From the jumble and farrago of the Chicago
platform, with itß*Populist appendage, turn to
the Republican platform at St. Louis. Except
on the silver question, the party never stood
more squarely for every thing which we in
Colorado, who have always voted the Republi
can ticket, have held most dear. The candi
date of the convention, high-minded, ab.e,
distinguished both as a soidier and a states
man, clean, upright and of wide experience, is
an ideal American.
So much of the platform as relates to silver
is unsatisfactory to us who live in Colorado.
We wish all Republicans could see this vital
monetary question as we do, and that this
sreat party, which on all other questions af
fecting the welfare of mankind has stood for
the masses against the classes, could have in
sisted on the restoration of silver to its old
place as a standard of value.
The majority of the convention thought
otherwise, however; it declared only for bi
metallism by international agreement, and
pledged ihe party to evtry effort to secure this
agreement. This pledge will be sacredly kept,
and I have for myself every belief that
through the efforts of the Republican party
this result will be attained.
The day of silver is coming. It is my serious
and solemn opinion that the full recognition
of silver will come soon, that it will com' 1
through the efforts and under the direction of
the Republican party, in which the conserva
tive people of this country have confidence,
and that it will never come through the
Democratic-Populist aggregation headed by
this wandering orator of the PUtte. Your in
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 16, 1896.
ONE MAN'S JOY IS ANOTHER MAN'S SORROW.
terests and mine are all in Colorado. To-day
our State is depressed and impoverished. A
brighter future is in store for us, and it will
come, as every other good thing has come to
C#lorado, under a Republican administration;
It will come with William McKinley at the
helm of state.
The campaign upon which we ha^e entered
differs from all those which have preceded it
in many respects, but especially in tbe delib
erate effort here and elsewhere to array one
section of our common country against the
other, and one class of our ellow-citizens
against other classes. The campaign Is con
ducted upon the false theory that the people
who labor and the people who are In debt
ought to unite against the people who do not
labor with their hand*, or who labor and own
their own homes; that every man who pos
sesses means ib a conspirator against the wel
fare and happiness of the man who must rely
upon the fruits of his daily labor; and that In
asmuch as the men are more largely borrowers
of money in the West and South than in the
North and East, therefore the sections are en
gaged in a bitter and violent war fbr suprem
acy, the interests of one being diametrically
opposed to those of the other.
It is wicked to endeavor to install Into the
mlndß of the people in any one section the
opinion that those of anotber are either cor
rupt cr unpatriotic in the views they hold on
the money question. We in Colorado are
honest in the unanimous ooinlon we hold, the
citizens of New England and Pennsylvania
and Ohio and other Northern and Eastern
States are equally honest in their views, and
thereshould be only condemnation of the incen
diary newspaper utterance of the journals of
either section which seek, in order to attract
local subscribers, to vilify ana misrepresent
and abuse the citizens of the other.
DARING EXPRESS ROBBERY.
Two Masked Men Perform a Meat Piece of
Work at West Point and Make
Their Escape.
MEMPHIS, Term., Bept 15.— A special
from West Point, Miss., gives information
of a daring express robbery at that place
early this morning. It states that just as
the express- wagon drove up to the office
door to unload matter received from the
northbound Mobile and Ohio train, at 2
a. M., two masked men stepped from
around the corner and covered the driver
and night clerk with pistols, ordering
them to throw up their hands. They did
so, and were then ordered into the express
office and commanded to open the safe.
After securing such plunder as they could
the robbers ordered tbe express force to
preceae them into the darkness and down
the street in their front. After getting
out of danger the express attaches were
dismissed and told to hustle back to town.
The amount of booty secured has not yet
been ascertained.
INTEREST O RDERED PAIN.
Union Pacific Coal and Orenon Short
Line Companies to Liquidate.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 15.-An or
der has been issued by Circuit Judge San
born of the United States court author
izing the payment of $250,000, representing
the interest due November 1, 1895, and
May 1, 1896, on $5,000,000 of Union Pacific
Coal Company's hrst mortgage 5 per cent
bonds.
An order has been issued by the same
Judge authorizins the payment of $447,930
for the coupons due February 1, 1896, on
Oregon Short Line first mortgage 6 per
cent bonds, together with interest thereon
at 6 per cent during the period of default.
The payment of the above interest will be
begun to-morrow by J. G. Harris, treasurer
of the company, in Boston, and by the
Union Trust Company, the receivers of
the agent in New York.
Tom Watson's Overdue Letter Received at Last.
MAINE'S MIGHTY,
TELLING VICTORY
Powers' Plurality Increased
by All the Latest
Returns.
HIGH-WATER MARK OF
'94 ECLIPSED
All the Figures of Previous Years
Leit Behind in the Big
Avalanche.
REED AND DINGLEY ROLL UP
A SURPKISING VOTE.
Leaders Say These Straws Show How
the Wind Will Blow in
November.
PORTLAND, Me., Bept. 15.— The Port
land Daily Press has received returns from
415 towns, cities and plantations in Maine.
These returns aie practically complete for
the counties of Cumberland, York, Andros
coggin, Oxford, franklin, Knox, Waldo,
Piscataquis, Kennebec and Somerset. In
the other live counties there are some re
mote plantations which make up the miss
ing precincts.
The returns of thesr 415 cities, towns and
plantations give for Governor: Llewellyn
Powers (R.), 78,295; M. P. Frank (D.), 31,
-909; L. C. Bateman (P.), 2743; A. S. Ladd
(Pro.), 1279; W. H. Cliffoid (National D.)
576. Powers' plurality from tne^e 415
towns is 46,387.
In 1894, which was the avalanche year
when the Republicans supposed they had
reached their high-water mark, tbe same
towns gave Cleaves (R.). 65,367; Johnson
(D.), 28,354; Batemati (P.), 5614; Hersey
(I'ro.), 2524. Cleaves' plurality, 37,013.
Cleaves' total plurality was 38,817.
Thi< 3hows a ratio of increase in the re
maining towns which will make Powers'
plurality above 49,000.
Full returns from the First District give
Thomas B. Reed 10,474 plurality over
Staples (D.). Congressman Dingley's plu
rality is about 14,000.
THE WEST IS ALL MIGHT.
Pacific Coast 1 States' Expected to Follow
Vermont and' Maine.
: CHICAGO, 111., -Sept; 15.— There was
mutual congratulation ana some surprise
quietly expressed among ' the campaign
workers at Republican National Head
quarters - to-day over the election news
from Maine. Mr. Hanna was not in a
talkative mood. v He thought the returns
did not need any comment and only
hoped the other States he was relying on
would follow the example and do like
wise. He smiled his satisfaction at the
increased plurality and inquired for the
latest figures.
Mr. Hanna will return home next Sat
urday, remaining in Cleveland until Mon
day morning, when he will go to New
York to be at headquarters there a week
or ten days. Then he will come back to
Chicago ana stay at his desk here until it
is necessary for him to go to Cleveland to
vote. He will receive the news in Cleve
land.
When asked to-day as to the tenor of
the reports he has been receiving from the
Central Western States Mr. Hanna said
they showed an improved condition in
Minnesota. There was nothing discour
aging in Illinois for the party, but there
was a close fight in Kansas and Nebraska
and those States were likely to remain
doubtful to the end. The Republicans
from Northern and Central Indiana were
very favorable.
When he returned from New York Mr.
Hanna said he would give some figures as
to probable results in the States, but it
was too early now.
Senator Thurston returned to-night from
the East to resume his labors in the West
ern battle ground.
Congressman L. D. A.psley of Massa
chusetts, vice-chairman of the Congres
sional Committee, who has been speaking
on the Pacific Coast with Congressman
McCall, called and said: "The situation is
improving out there. All factional dif
ferences have been settled in California
and Oregon, and a good fight is being put
up. I have no doubt these States and
Washington will go for McKinley and
protection. That is the issue there new."
IT WILL HELP BUS SI NESS.
Confidence Already ■ Being Restored by
. i Republican . Victories.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 15.—Chair
man Babcock of the Republican Congres
sional Committee this afternoon gave out
the following statement on the Maine
election:
"The result of the election in Maine will
be of a very great value to all business and
financial interests at this time. It wilJ re
store confidence in financial circles not
only in this country, but throughout the
world. We looked for a large majority in
Maine, but hardly expected it to be equal
to the plurality given in 1894, when so
many Democrats refused to vote; but it
has exceeded that plurality by about 30
per cent, and no one can for a moment
doubt that this vote in Maine indicates
the sentiment of the great Northeastern
States. The States where there are large
manufacturing and agricultural interests,
the Slates whose people read and have an
intelligent voting population, will, in my
opinion, join the procession and follow
the lead set by Vermont and Maine
"The key of the situation in a campaign
is to determine which way the tide is
setting. This, it is often extremely difficult
to do. Two ynars ago at this time, after
the Oregon, Vermont and Maine elections,
I recognized and claimed that they were
indicative of the sentiment of the whole
country, and stated that I believed that
thai practically settled the contest; and
my opinion and prediction were fully
borne out by the result in November. This
year the majorities in Vermont and Maine
are much more pronounced and larger
than they were two years ago, and from
tnis I can draw only one conclusion, as I
have said before, and that is that tbe great
manufacturing and agricultural States
will follow the example set by Vermont
and Maine and give a pronounced majority
against free silver and repudiation that
it will settle the question for all time to
come."
ALL ESTIMATES EXCEEDED.
Ao One Looked for Such an Overwhelm-
mo Victory in Maine.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 15.— Among
the callers at the Republican National
headquarters to-day were Hon. John W.
Vrooman of this city, president of tha
Mutual Reserve Life Insurance Company.
He was enthusiastic over the result in
Maine. He said the question is now prac
tically settled so far as the East is con
cerned. Vermont drove the nail as well
as Maine has clinched it solid. Tne moral
effect of the Maine election will be very
great, but we must not rest upon it nor
relax our efforts.
Ex-Congressman W. D. Bynum con
ferred this morning wit General Tracey
and other prominent politicians. He will
address a meeting of the Commsrcial
Travelers' Sound-Money League to-mor
row.
Hon. Matthew Quay was expected to ar
rive in the city to-day, but did not put in
an appearance.
No news was given out this afternoon at
the Democratic headquarters at the Bar
tholdi Hotel.
Mark Hanna is expected in this city to
morrow or next day. Vice-Presidential
Candidate Hobart was at the Republican
headquarters this afternoon. He said that
the Maine election somewhat surprised
him. Instead of 50,000 majority he antici
pated only 30,000.
Affairs were quiet to-day at the Repub
lican State headquarters in the Fifth
avenue Hotel.
GOVERNOR CLEAVES MESSAGE.
Maine's Chief Executive Send* Warm
Greetings to McKinUy.
PORTLAND, Me., Sept. 15.— This morn
ing Governor Cleaves sent the following to
Major McKinley:
Han. William McKinley, Canton, Ohio: Maine
is still loyal to her proud motto. "Dlrigo," end
sends to you her warm greetings. The agri
cultural and commercial communities of our
State have emphasized their devotion to the
great principles you sc ably represent. Thou
sands of patriotic Democrats have aided by
their ballots in our unprecedented victory for
good government and a sound and unvarying
currency.
THE ARKANSAS ELECTION.
I With All the Fraud Democratic Majorities
Were Lou/ered. - •
LITTLE ROCK, Akk., Sept. 15.— Official
returns from 1 last Monday's election h »ye
been, received by the Secretary of State
from all counties in the State, except
Scott ; and . Logan, and the majority for
Colonel Daniel W. Jones and the remain
der of the Democratic State ticket is but
38,640. The increase for the Republican
ticket over 1894 is in the neighborhood of
20.000. The -result ; is a great disappoint
ment to , the Democrats, as it was confi
dently believed that the Democratic ticket
would win by at least 60,000 majority. The
Gazette of this city, the State organ of the
Democracy, \up to, Sunday claimed the
State by 80.000. Democratic leaders here
say the large decrease is due to the fact
that a : large number of Democrats re- !
inaiued away from th*> polls, refusing to
vote because Colonel Jones, the Demo
cratic gubernatorial candidate, proclaimid
from '; every stump yin ■ the State that fhe
wand not support the Ciiicago nominee if
he- happened to be a gold man on a god j
platform.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ALL KINDS
OF STORIES
Lurid Tales Told of the
Plots of Dynamiters
in London.
MARLBOROTJGH HOUSE IX
DANGER.
The Prince of Wales Said to Be
Among the Intended
Victims.
MONEY EAISED TO HELP TYNAN,
THE LEADER.
Friends on Both Sides of the Atlantic
Will Resist His Extradition
by England.
LONDON, Eng., Sept. 15.— The PaU
Mall Gazette asserts that it was the design
of the conspirator Tynan to blow up Marl
boroush House, the residence of the Prince
of Wales, when his Royal Highness should
be there. According to this yarn the
dynamiters intended to reach the Prince's
house by tunneling from the house oppo
site. This is a fair sample of the ridicu
lous stories concerning the alleged dyna
mite plot that are filling many columns of
the newspapers, the moat of which are the
merest nonsense and would scarcely be
credited by the most gullible person alive
FUND TO DEFEND TYNAN.
Irish- Americans Will ResUt Bis Extra
dition by England.
NEW YORK, N. V , Sept. 15.— The Irish
National Alliance, which hasita headquar
ters in the Potter building, held a secret
meeting at the home of one of its members
last night, and arrangements were made
to provide counsel to deiend Tynan and
Kearney, the dynamite suspects, and pre
vent them being taken to Eng'ana | for
trial. It is said that $20,000 was subscribed
at this meeting, and the fund will be in
creased to $50,000 when persons friendly to
the Irish cause will sienify their '; willing,
ness to aid in obtaining the freedom of
Ireland by putting their names on. the
subscription list. !
, The names of the men will not be made
public because it would mean, it is said,
constant annoyance by British agents in
this city.
' None of the friends of Kearney and
Tynan here have heard from them di
rectly since their arrest, and all profess to
believe that the two men arc in t .is coun
try attending to their engagements with,
the political parties.
The name of Tynan does not appear
among the speakers selected by the Re
publican National Committee. Tynan told
his friends about the time he left that he
was gome on the stamp for .Bryan and
free silver and had been assigned by the
Democratic National Committee to the
Central States.
The Mail and Express this evening says
that in spite of the surmises of his family
and close personal friends that P. J.
Tynan is still in this country, and that
the man now under arrest in Boulogne is
altogether . another person, there is no
possible doubt that Tynan is under arrest
and in a very serious position. The
charge upon which ,he is now held, that
of complicity in the Phoenix Park mur
ders, ib believed to be a flimsy pretext to
hold him until warrants for a still more
recent and certainly as serious offense
can be. served. Tynan left America on
August last on the Ham burg- American
line steamer Augusta Victoria for Ham
burg.
, Two days before the vessel sailed, the
paper asserts, the notorious anarchist,
Paul Raisin ovitz, with several aliases,
bought the ticket for Tynan, who sailed
under the name of "A. B. Becker" in the
steerage of the steamer mentioned. It is
also learned, the paper xoes on to say, that
Bell, the man arrested in Glasgow, sailed
for Europe on the Teutonic August 12,
under the name of Harris. Every move
the men made here was narrowly watched
by Scotland Yard detectives.
Ralsinovitz, who is regarded by the se
cret service agents in this city as the prime
mover in the scheme, has been known as
one of the cleverest of the nihilists in this
country. He is a chemist of great ability
and is known as a man who rarely talks.
He was regarded in every way as a safe
man.
Bix months ago he beean to frequent the
cafes on the Ease Side. No attention was
paid to him. He seemed to have plenty
of money. Other men came to see him
regularly. The paper says it ia informed
that Ralsmovitz has for a long time been
planning a series of dynamite outrages in
Ru.-sia. The Chicago groups of nihilists
wete known to be with him in tbe matter,
and he was in constant and frequent se
cret communication with them.
At the office of the White Star line noth
ing was known about Bell. A Thomas
Harris did sail in the steerane of the Teu
Or eat
Nerve and bodily strength is given by
Hood's Sarsaparilla, which purifies, vital-
izes and enriches the blood and builds up
the whore system.
Sarsaparilla
Is the best— in fact the One Trap " «-d Purifier
I lOOU 5 flllS witQ Hood's Sarsapariua.2
tonic on August 12. He gave his destina
tion as London. That is all that is known
of him. When and how Kearney and the
other men under arrest get aboard is not
known. «
BEARNET IS EXAMINED.
Decline* to An*wrr Questions, but Be
Ban a Letter i'rnm Tynnn.
ROTTERDAM, Holland, Sept. 15.—
John F. Kearney, alias Wallace, the alleged
dynamiter, who is under arrest here, was
examined by the police officials this morn
ing, but he declined to answer any ques
tiono whatever. A letter dated at Boulogne
was found in his pockets and is presumed
to have been written by Tynan. In the
letter tbe writer tells 'Wallace" and
Haines, the other supposed dynamiter
arrested here, "If you dare not go to Scot
land now, come to Boulogne. Then we
will talk over our plan among our brother
hood."
BATE ALL THE LEADERS.
London. J'oHct Claim to Bare Arrested
the Chief Conspirator*.
LONDON, Eng., Sept 15.— The Daily
News will to-morrow say tbe police be
lieve that they have all the leaders in the
dynamite conspiracy. It is understood
that Bell intended to remain in England
after the proposed explosions took place,
but that the others would return to
America via Havre, sailing thence on Sep
tember 25.
Tynan did not intend to come to Great
Britain, as by so doing he would run the
risk of falling into the hands of tbe po
lice, who were anxious to capture him for
his connection with tbe Phoenix Park
murders; also for his connection with the
dynamite conspiracy, of which he did not
know the police had any information. He
was to stay in France, directing the opera
tions of liis fellow-couspirators from
Boulogne-sur-Mer. The police believe
that one of the prisoners will become an
informer.
The morning papers all devote much
space to details, rumors and theories con
cerning the dynamiters and their plot,
but make no mention of any further ar
resis. It is said that the police are still
searching for somebody in Glasgow.
BOULOGNE-SUR-MER, France, Sept.
15.— The Public Prosecutor to-day exam
ined Tynan and questioned him regarding
his complicity in the murders of Lord
Frederick Cavendish and Mr. Burke in
Phoenix Park, Dublin.
Tynan denies that he actually took part
in tbe murders. He is aware that his as
sociates in Glasgow and Rotterdam are
under arrest.
HAMBURG, Germany, Sept. 15.— C. T.
Buzz, an American who is a colleague of
Mann, was also arrested.
ENGLISH PEOPLE BORRIFIED.
Lo*« Sight of th* Sultan in Their Panic-
Stricken Condition.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 15.— A special
dispatch to the Sun from London says:
The consternation and horror of the
English people over the revelation of the
dynamite conspiracy are more interesting
than the latest disclosures of the plot it
self. If printers' ink could produce panic
.London would be on tbe verge of nervous
prostration after glancing; at tbe columns
of the usually solemn and unemotional
journals of to-day.
Never before have they so bristled with
all the startling devices of sensational
journalism. Tbe Daily Telegraph, for ex
ample begins, an almost panicky leading
editorial thus:
"England learns to-day bow appalling
has been the danger from which she has
been rescued. That there should have
been a great dynamite conspiracy plotted
in secret and silence by men who are
enemies of the human race; that just at
the moment when their plans were ripe for
action the police should have surprised and
arrested the ringleaders, and that one of
the men, the chief of the band, should be
a criminal wanted for the last lourteen
years— ail these facts are elements in a
story at once vivid, dramatic and ter
rible."
Tbe same newspaper contained a many
columned account of the conspiracy, with
a great scare bead, beginning, in the
blackest letters ever used in its columns:
"Great Dynamite Piol Against England."
All newspapers in the country treat the
matter in the same fashion. This will
give some indication of the popular
sensation which has been created, and
which has distracted attention even
from the critical horrors in tue east
that has raised public sentiment through
out England to a high state of indigna
tion. Tne Sultan, in fact, has to thank
Tynan and his fellow-conspirators for
bringing him some relief in an emergency,
which President Cleveland's Venezuelan
measage furnished in December last.
TO DEPOSE THE SULTAN.
Acts of the Young Turk Party
That Forebode Another
Outbreak.
British and Frenctj Residents of
Constantinople Are Greatly
A'armed.
LONDON, Eng., Bept. 15.— Tbe Btandard
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Constantinople Baying that tbe Young
Turk party is covering the city with
placards inciting the people to dethrone
tbe Sultan. Serious trouble, it is added,
is certain to occur within a week.
Old Turkish troopships are nightly de
porting Armenians to the Black Sea,
where it is believed they are drowned.
The British residents, at the instance of
the .British embassy, have telegraphed to
Lord Salisbury, stating that their lives
and property are in danger. The French
residents have taken similar action. The
British and French fleets are now near the
mouth of tbe Dar laneiles.
Fuad Pasba, one of the Sultan's aid-de
camps, was questioned as to how long tbe
forts along the Dardanelles could check
the passage of warships, and he replied
that they could stop them for almost half
an hour.
Tbe Chronicle and the Daily News will
to-morrow publish many columns claim
inp that th* nations are rousing ttiem
telvei against the Sultan, t houeti the semi
official journals are callous to the suffer
ings of the Coristians in the Turkish do
minions. .
Mr. Gladstone has written a letter in
which he promises to speak at an anti-
Sultan meeting.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Tcekey, Sept,
15. — A serious panic occurred to-day in
the Galata quarter in consequence of the
arrest of an Armenian in whose possession
were a number of incriminating letters.
Everybody rushed into their houses, and
the doors of shops and dwellings were
hastily barred, the people fearing a repeti
tion of the looting and massacring. The
panic spread to Pera, and similar scenes
were enacted there. It was not until some
hours after the arreat was made that the
fears of the people were allayed and tbe
shona reopened.
BRYAN TOURS THE
BLUE GRASS STATE
An Ominous Rain Dampens
His Eloquence at Louis
ville.
STILL HE HAS TO TALK.
Illustrates the Silver Question
by Reference to Fluctua
tions in Eggs.
BETTER LTJCK AT L! XINGTON.
Addresses an Immense Audience at the
Fair Grounds and Makes a
Gooi Impression.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Sept. 15— Hon.
William J. Bryan, accompanied by Sena
tor Blackburn, Congressman Allen of
Mississippi, General P. Wat Harding,
ex-Congressman Stone of Kentucky and
others of prominence, this morning re
sumed his tour of the Blue Grass State on
5 special train, whicti left the depot at
7:45 o'clock. A heavy rain set in shortly
afier the candidate left Louisville, and the
damp atmosphere had its effect on bis
already enfeebled voice when he made his
first speech of the day at La Grange.
At Eminence, where the train arrived
at 9:12, Mr. iJryan was in the midst of his
remarks when the clouds broke. Mr.
Bryan said be would stop talking until
tbe rain ceased, but the crowd would not
lei him and he went ou. Among other
things he said:
If any man in this community would offer to
buy all the eggs produced a. 25 cents a dozen
and was able to make good the offer DObody
would sell eegs for less, no matter what the
cost of production, whether 1 cent or 5 cents a
dozen. So vriih silver. Free coinage would
establish the market price of silver at $129
and nobody would sell it for a cent le6s. Dur
ing the last five years the production of sold
has increased more rapidly, proportionately,
than the production of silver, and yet gold has
advanced, owing to our present financial sys
tem.
A few people only braved the rain to get
a peep at the candidate at Chrlstiansburg.
At several Email stations crowds cheered
the train as it wnisked by.
Frankfort was reached at 10:30 and the
candidate spo£e to an immense throng
from a stand in front of the Capitol. He
said :
Ladies and Gentleman: lam in hearty ac
cord with the declarations cuatalned in the
Chicago platform, [Cheer.'-]. Sometimes peo
ple have described party platforms as like the
platforms of railroad coaches— made to get in
on, but not to stand on after you get in.
[Laughter.] But that is not my idea of a party
platform. If 1 am elected I will take it for
granted that the people are in favor of the poli
cks for which I at this time stand, and the
people shall never have cause to complain of
my desertion of th« cause which 1 advocate.
I [Cht-ersl.
A voice — What's the matter with Joe Black
burn?
Joe Blackburn is where he always Is— in the
iront oi every fight. [Great applause.] It
| seems to me that this campaign demonstrates
, more than any recent campaign the power of
j the people to govern themselves. [Cheering.]
] We enter upon a great contest in which Demo
; crats differ. Som? believe in a gold standard.
A voice— And let them go.
The buttle was iought out. It was solid at
I Chicago, and In a regular way the majority of
1 the Democrats of ttiis Union declared lor the
I immediate restoration vi the free and unlixu
! ited coinage of gold and silver [applause] at
j the present rail^> of 16 to 1 [applause], with
j out waiting for the consent or aid ot any other
nation. [Applause.]
All the time he was speaking tbe rain
fell steadily, and just as he was concluding
hie remt rks it became a downpour. The
train left Frnnkfort at 11 a. m , and ar
rived at Midway at 11:30 in a heavy rain,
and no speech was made there.
Mr. Bryan, Senator Blackburn. National
Coninmteeruan Woodson and the others
in the nominee's party were transferred
to a special train on the Southern Rail
way, in which they proceeded to Ver
sailles, which was reached at 12:20 o'clock.
j A band at the station was playing "Old
Kentucky Home" when his train came in,
and with tha; in the lead and followed by,
a troop of hor«enien he was escorted to a
stand erected on the beautiful thorough
fare. Here Mr. Bryan spoke to several
hundred people, and then went off to Sen
ator Blackburn's residence, where a ban
quet was> served to a lartro party.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Sept. lS — William
J. Bryan was jriven a rousinar recepiior.
here this evening. He made a BD«ach at
the fair grounds to an immense audience,
estimated at from 12,000 to 20,000. The
fair ground's grand stand, said to hold
8010 people, was used by spectators to the
extent of three-fourths of Its capacity. In
the lower story, which was packed with
humanity, nearly all the places were filled
by men, while in the upper story a ma
jority ot the onlookers were women. On
the track in front ot' trie Kiosk-like judge*
stand from which Mr. Bryan made his
address, several thousand men and boys
stood ankle deep in mud. Elsewhere
about the stand were a couple of thousand
more spectators, Mr. Bryan, Senator
BlacKburn and a big party of Democrats
from Louisville and other places in this
State, reached Lexington from Versailles
over the Southern railway at 2 p. m. and
were met by Btate Senator C. J. Bronston,
chairman of the Democratic State Central
Committee and a number of local suppor
ters of the Chicago ticket.
A procession a mile long, composed of
Bryan and Sewall clubs, and a thousand
horsemen, most of them mounted on
spirited Kentucky thoroughbreds, escorted
Mr. Bryan to tbe fair grounds. The appear
ance of the candidate was tbe signal for
an ovation. Men waved their bats as
they cheered, and the women waved hand
kerchiefs aa they joined in the shouting.
Mr. Bryan was presnted by State Senator
Bronston. Just after the Democratic can
didate had begun bifl speech, a heavy rain
shower drove many of the spectators
from tbe tiela, but their places were taken
by a continuous stream of constantly ar
riving people. On the conclusion of the
speech Mr. Bryan was driven te his special
car at the Louisville and Nashville sta
tion, followed by the cavalcade that had
formed part of bis escort to the grounds.
The train left for Maysville at 5 p. m.
One of the pleasantest incidents of tbe
day was the parade of over 800 horsemen
which passed the stand from which Mr.
Bryan was speaking. In the middle of
bis speech equestrians made their appear
ance carrying banners, and interrupted
Mr. Bryan in his talk, making a very im
pressive sight. They cheered him time
aud again, and fell in line at the outskirt
of tbe crowd and listened to the rest of his
speech. Mr. Bryan said in part:
Nature smiles upon your husbandry. Your
soil gives forth in rich profusion, but, accord
in* to the experience of the farmer, with all he
can do with his industry, with his economy,
with ail his patient toll, he finds tha; the load
of the American farmer grows every year
[Great applause.] In olden tim^s. under" the
rule of those who waved and bore the saber
as they said, by right divine— complaint was
answered with the Ush; but now the lust com
plaint of the toiling millions of the United
States is answered by charges that they are
anarchist* and socialists. [Great applause]
My friends, there is one unfortunate thing in
connection with the use of the word anarchist
as applied to those who are banded together to
restore the money of the constitution ; there is
one unfortunate tbini? in it. Anarchy is a
thing not to be considered in a land like this.
Anarchy can have no home among the people
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 16, 1896.
who have the ballot to right their wrongs.
[Great applftUbe.] And ihe unfortunate thing
about this campaign is that the term an- :
archist is applied to tne bone and mu«cle of
this country by men who are doing more to
overthrow our Government than any anarchist
who ever carried a red flag. 1 say that when
tbit word Miarchlst is applied to the toiling
millions by men who seek without toil to
usurp the* iruits and reap the rewards of those
who toll, the danger is that it will make the
name respectable becau-e of its association.
[Uproarious applause and loud cheering.]
I protest against the use of that name for the
purpose whicti deprives it of all its terrors.
My mentis, those who are opposed to us can
not afford to place the farmers of this country
and the laborers of this country in the posi
tion of enemies of the Government, because
tlu'v are the only friends any government ever
had. [Applause.] My friends, these very men
who are abused and despised by thosu who
doubt the capacity of the masses for self-gov
ernment are the very people who in time of
emergency must protect "their calumniators
from themselves and tneir associates. My
friends, there is not c. syndicate that has*
preyed upon the public which would not
rathertryitsca.se against another syndicate
before the common people of this country than
before a jury made up oi another syndicate.
[Great applause.] I shall remember this speech
because of the most remarkable parade which
it has ever been my good fortune to witness.
[Applause.] And they bore banners which
present mottoes which makes any further
speaking unnecessary. If I were to talk to you
from now until night I could not more than
emphasize the mottoes which they have passed
in procession before you. I saw one motto:
"Our banks are full, but our pockets are
empty," [applause] and in that sentence is
epitomized twenty years of farming history iv
the United States.
MAYSVILLE, Ky., Sept. 15.— William
J. Bryan ended up his Kentucky campaign
hereto-night by addressing several thou
sand people in a heavy rainstorm. He
reached Maysville by a special train at
7:15 p. m. and left on it for Lexington at
8:30. At Lexington he will change to tbe
regular Queen and Crescent train sched
uled to leave there at 10:45 to-night for
Knoxville and Harriman, Term.
With reference to the great fatigue from
which he suffered yesterday Mr. Bryan
said to the representative of tbe United
Associated Press to-nigbt that he had had
an easy day and in leaving Kentucky be
felt well and strong enough to keep going
for tbe rest of the campaign.
The rain and short time allowed Mr.
Bryan here spoiled the preparations for his
reception to-night. He was placed in a
carriage with Senator Blackburn and
others at the railway station on his ar
rival and huriied to Market and New
streets, where a platform had been erected.
To the people standing in the deep mud
there he made a short address and was
then taken back to his special train. His
audience showed much enthusiasm.
On the way from Lexington to Maysville
Mr. Bryan inaae a speech to a big crowd
of very enthusiastic people.
At Carlisle and other places along the
route be was cheered, but did not make
any remarks.
In his Maysville speech, after referring
to tbe interest people felt in standing in
the rain to hear a political speech, Mr.
Bryan said that when you took gold to fill
decayed teeth, make engagement rings
and for use in the arts, and to furnish
enouzh for the Keely cure, it did not leave
enough for use as money. The rest of his
remarks were devoted to advocacy of the
restoration of silver by the side of gold.
S EWALL MUST NOW RETIRE.
Populist* Believe Be should Make Way
for M'at»on.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 15.— George F.
Washburne, chairman of the Western
brauch of the Populist National Com
mittee, wag interviewed by a reporter for
tbe United Associated Presses on the suc
cess of the Maine election and made the
following statement: "The results are just
what we expected. Maine is my native
State, and I know the sentiment there.
The vote has no more significance than
Arkansas' reply to Vermont, except to
emphasize how much of a burden tbe
Democracy has in its Vice-Preaidential
candidate."
"Do you think Mr. Sewall should with
di»w?"
"'I certainly do, and the State of Maine
also saj s so. I agree with Tom Reed that
'Sewall's star sinks aud Watson's rises.'
The voice of Maine does not indic&te any
mismanagement of tbe campaign. It is
no test of Bryan's popularity or even of
the silver issue. No special effort was
made in Maine, except by tbe Republi
cans. Senator Jones and Senator Butler
have shown remarkable ability in the
management of the National campaign,
considering the limited means at the
command of both. The rapid flank move
ments of these generals in concentrating
their fire has at times thrown the enemy
into consternation, but the question con
stantly arising between the two forces over
fusion matters impairs the work. We
should concentrate our efforts on the elec
tion of one ticket. If this could be done
success would be certain. There ia an un
der-current of feeling which pervades the
Nation in support of t:ie claims of Mr.
Watson and his friends that he should be
recognised. There is force in the state
ment that 'Mr. Sewall is no more our can
didate than i; Mr. Hobaft.' There is also
significance in tbe attitude of the 'middle
of-the-road' men, who say that 'No Wat
son means no Bryan.'
"I know that these men, as well as the
Republicans have accumulated a mass of
evidence against Mr. Sewall which they
intend to make public and which may
force the Democratic parly to a defense of
Mr. Sewall's record during tbe closing
days of the campaign, but bo long as tbe
issue can be kept «m silver, Mr. Bryan as
the standard bearer of the allied forces,
can keep the enemy on the run. Tv- Re
publicans realize this. Therefore, failing
to win on principle, I balievo their trump
card will be to show in doubtful States the
inconsistency of Mr. Sewall's record and
how much oi a misfit he is on the Demo
cratic ticket. It is possible for him to be
come the peer of the campaign by rising
above personal ambition and declaring
that the silver cause must win. If, on the
other hand, he insists on remaining on
the ticket and the attack on him should
result in Bryan's defeat, he would be held
responsible by an indignant people and
would be scorned and hated as the most
unpopular man in America.
"Mr. feewall cannot be forced off the
ticket. It would be better for him to re
main on than to retire in any way that
would do his party injury. The Maine
election is over, he has demonstrated his
weakness. His party vote in his own
ward was only about one-half what it was
four years ago. He has contended four
times for election as Alderman and has
been defeated twice, the last time by a
ship-joiner, who polled 121 votes to hi 6 78.
I understand, further, that Mr. Sewall at
tended tbe June convention of his party
in his State, which nominated Mr. Wins
low, a gold Democrat, on a gold platform,
and though Mr. Sewail was there he
offered no objection to platform or ticket
and seemingly acquiesced in the nomina
tion of the candidates, aud in the adoption
of tbe platform, which wasbyaeclarhation.
"Wa have bad bard work to restrain
oar people up to the present time an i the
Kravity of the situation has not dawned
on the Democratio leaders. Tbe crisis is
at hand and I trust a way will be found to
unite aii tbe reform forces upon two can
didates representing both sides to resist
the combined forces of the Cleveland Re
publicans and the McKinley Democrats.
The only way to unite is for the Demo
crats to take our man."
TALKS AGAINST GOLD
Mr. Watton AUo Pays Bit Compliments
to Banker Sevcall.
WAHOO, Nsbb.. Sept. 15.— Hon. Thomas
Wat,«on, with Governor Holcomb and
Congressman Bell of Colorado, visited
this city to-day. Notwithstanding a rain
which made country roads a literal ni.re
the sturdy farn.ers of Baunders and sur
rounding counties came ia by train and
wagon to hear the speeches anl partici
pate in the demon-tration. A bras* band
headed i wo Bryan clubs, which me; the dis
tinguished visitor at 10 o'clock. The mem
bers of the party were taken in carriages
to the Commercial Hotel, where an in
formal reception w is heid.
Later the party was escorted to tbe
Courthouse grove, where Governor Hol
comb of Nebraska introduced Mr. Wat
son. Just before he was introduced one
of tbe bands played "Marching Through
Georgia.' 1
Mr. Watson described Sherman's march
to the sea and said that Georgia, as well
as the entire South, was laboring under
the appalling curse of tbe gold standard,
which he denominated as causing more
misery in the South than the whole war.
He vividly depicted three classes of
slavery. The first, he said, was composed
of those born in slavery; tbe second, of
those sold into slavery, and the third the
class which had been placed in slavery by
unjust law.
Mr. Watson made a very vigorous at
tack upon Vice-Presidential Candidate
Sewal), which was well received by the
Populists, but Democrats think tne attack
uncalled for. At the conclusion of Mr.
Watson's address the audience was ad
dressed by Governor Holcon.b and Con
gressman Bell.
BILL YET AT THE SELM.
New lork Democrat* to Jin Asked to Put
Throunh Bis Slate.
BUFFALO, N. V., Sept. 15— Free silver
will dominate the Democratio Convention
to-morrow. Candidates, State issues and
all other questions will be relegated to
second place. The platform will deter
mine the ticket. The extreme Bilverite»
hope to out-Chicago the Chicago platform
and thus prevent tbe nomination of a
conservative Democrat for Governor.
This will be offered by the leaders, who
desire above all things to prevent a split
and the nomination of a second State
Democratic ticket. Chief among those
leaders is Senator Hill, who will not be
here, but whose influence will be felt. All
talk of tbe abandonment of the party to
its fate by the senior Senator is nonsense.
He has active lieutenants on the field,
and the long-distance telephone is part of
the State machine. Whether Senator Hill
and the old leaders can control the, con
vention or not is a question that the con
vention will determine. A slate has been
made, and if it is put through it will be
plainly apparent that Senator Hill is still
at the helm. Here is the mate: '
For Governor, John Boyd Thatcher of
Albany; for Lieutenant-Governor, Gen
eral Isaac Catlin of Kinsrs; for Judge of
the Court of Appeals, Irving G. Vant of
Onondagua; for chairman of the State
Committee, Elliott Danforth: for member
of the National Committee. Frank Camp
bell; for temporary chairman of the con
vention, Thomas F. Gravy of New York;
for permanent chairman, ex-Cougressman
H. H. Rockwell of Chemungr.
Tbe platform, which has been shown to
Senator Hill and approved by him in Us
references to State issues, and by Chair
man James K. Jones of the Democratio
National Committee in its attitude, on
National questions, will indorse Bryan
and Se'vall, declare for free and unlimited
coinage of silver, denounce trusts and cor
porations, condemn bond issnes in time
of peace, and denounce the Barnes law,
the last Republican Legislature and Ke
publicsn extravagance in general. If this
platform can be put through and Thatcher
and Catlin nominated it is believed that
the party can be held together and tbe
placing of a ticket in the field by tbe
"ship" Democracy prevented.
If, however, the extreme silver men suc
ceed in their avowed programme ot in
dorsing every ulank of the Chicago plat
form, including that referring to the in
come tax, a more pronounced silver man
than Thatcher will be nominated and the
Shepherd Democrats will be challenged
to run an opposition ticket.
The friends of William Sulzer and other
extreme advocates of tbe Chicago platform
are bending all energies to accomplish this
result. A platform representing their
views has been prepared by their friends
and a strong effort to force its adoption
will be made. Should they succeed, the
slate will go to smash and the field will be
open for all otlier candidates.
It' the machine wins the name of Gen
eral I-aac Catlin for L.eutenant-Governnr
may be replaced by that of Edward M.
Grout or some other Kings County man.
It is generally conceded that Kings Coun
ty is to have the second place. There is
still plenty of talk of James W. Ridge
way. Ex-Senator Charles P. McClelland
of Westchester is out of the race and de-
Clares that he never was a candidate.
Elliott Danforth was elected a member
of the State Committee from the Twenty
sixth District to-day and will be selected
as chairman of the committee to succeed
B. W. Hinckley, who will resign after per
forming his duty of calling the conven
tion to order.
It was decided this evening that ex-
Congressnian Hosea H. Rockwell, an orig
inal silver man, who voted for silver in
Congress two years ago, snould be perma
nent chairman.
The State committee met this evening,
but transacted only routine business
mapped out by the leaders.
There were conferences late to-night, at
which most of the influential men here
were present and the work of the conven
tion was blocked out, but no man can say
to-night whether the convention will fol
low the orders of the leaders or run itself.
CONNECTICUT DEMOCRATS.
The Silver Element Will Cnntrol the Mew
Jlnren Convrntion.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Sept. 15.— The
•silver element in the Democratic party in
Connecticut has carried tbe day and will
have undisputed control of tbe convention
to-morrow. ,
Tha State Committee met this after
noon. The question of a temporary chair
man of the convention came up at once.
Horace Taft of Watertown was named by
Mr. Davis for the jjoid men, and William
Kennedy of Naugaiuck by the silver ele
ment. Tne latter nentteman was chosen
by a vote of 10 to 7. Chairman Davia at
once announced thift as he s"env.d to be
out of sympathy with the majority of the
committee he would withdraw to-morrow,
as has been stated.
Fred J. Brown of Waterbury, a member
of tbe committee and its secretary, an
nounced that he, too, would resign. Mel
bert B. Carey of Ridgetield and R. B. May
of Ansonia will take similar action. Tbe
names of the other members to resign
cannot be ascertained to-nieht.
In the light for control of the conven
tion candidates for places on the ticket
have been lost fight of, but the ticket will
probably be as follows: For Governor,
Joo«>ph B. Sargent, New Haven; Lienten
ant-Governor, S. A. Crandall, Norwich;
Secretary of State, S. A. Gowdy, Bristol;
Treasurer, A. P. Dowe, Danielsou; Comp
troller, P. Coughlin, Bridgeport.
CHAIRMAN BUTLER'S DENTAL.
Say Jtepubliean* and Popwliof Will
Ant I'umc in Texan.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sspt. 15.—Sena
tor Butler, chairman of the Populist Na
tional Committee, bad occasion tltis after
noon to deny another story from the South
relative to the alleged fusion between the
Republicans, Democrats and Populists in
Texas.
"You may say for me," laid the chair
man, "that there will be no fusion any
where between the Populists and th« Re
publicans oa the electoral ticket. We do
not propose to aid in any possible manner
tbe election of electors pledged to the gold
standard, and all stories to that effect are
products of the imagination."
Mr. Butler had two short conferences to
day with Senators Teller and Dubois over
the situation in the West, and stated this
evening that good progress has been
made; that where friction had existed it
was probable that it would be removed,
I and that a thorough understanding would
be reached between all the parlies inter
ested In bringing about the election of Mr.
Bryan. When pressed for particulars with
regard to the State of Idaho and one or two
of the' Southern States where there ap
peared up to this time to have been a
hitch, Mr. Butler declined to give them.
Senators Teller and Dubois had another
talk with Chairman Jones this evening,
but it related entirely to the details of the
campaign. Senator Dubois, after a tour
of the Pacific Coast States, will return
later on to Illinois and make several
speeches. He leaves for the West to
morrow. Senator Jones starts for Chicago
to-night. He is satisfied with the result
of his visit to New York and this city, and
says thai he goes back to Chicago satisfied
with the condition of the campaign and
more thoroughly convinced than ever that
Bryan will be elected. Sper.king of the
election in Maine, he said it was far from
discouraging to the Democrats; on the
contrary, all the circumstancs consid
ered, it was quite encouraging. There
was a marked increase in the total Demo
cratic vote and a 'very considerable in
crease in the free silver vote in that State,
where it had been claimed at the outset
there was no silver Bentiment whatever.
If this ratio should be maintained in all
the States, as he believed it would be, the
election of Bryan would result with an
enormous majority of the popular vote
and a large proportion of the State elec
toral votes.
"NO WATSON, NO BRYAN,"
That Is the Spirit of Illinois Middle-of-
the- Road Populists.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 15.—"Middle-of
the-road" Popuiists of Illinois, who repu
diated the Springfield convention of the
fusion wing, held a turbulent convention
to-day, lasting until midnight, and nomi
nated a State ticket, with the exception of
Governor, which was purposely left vacant
because a majoiity of the delegates did not
want to put up a man against Governor
Altgeld. A fierce fight was made at the
night session, which frequently assumed
the acpect of a physical contest, the anti-
Altgeld delegates stubbornly resisting the
determination of the majority not to al
low Henry D. Lloyd, who had been slated
for Governor, to be put at the head of the
ticket to endanger the cause of Bryan,
Alttreld and fr«*e silver.
The ticket nominated was as follows:
Lieutenant-Governor, Henry D. Lloyd,
Chicago; Secretary of State. L. A. Quel
maz, Belleville; State Auditor, Grant
Dunbar, La Salle County; Attorney-Gen
eral, D. I. Durdick, Chicago ; Treasurer.
Joseph Schwerzen. Chicago; Trustee of
the University of Illinois, Mrs. Fanny C.
Kavanaugh, Chicago.
Tbe resolutions adopted indorsed the
platform and nomination of the St. Louis
convention in nominating Watson and
"most emphatically denounced any action
which prevents the Populists of any State
from exercising the privilege of casting
their ballots for him."
A bitter anti-Sewall spirit was manifested
and every delegate wore a badge inscribed
'"No Watson, no Bryan."
Brtciit Zhir Candidate.
NEW YORK. N. V., Sept. 15.-The
round-money Democrats of the Twelfth
District to-nigbt nominated ex-Mayor
Hewitt as their candidate for Congress.
SHIP IN FLAMES AT SEA,
Thrilling Spectacle Reported by
Two Vessels Arriving at
New York.
Believed to Be tne State of Maine,
Coal Oil Laden— Her Life
boats G^ne.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 15.— Reports
made by three vessels that arrived yester
day arouse the gravest fears that the three
masted ship State of Maine, that left
here on September 4 with a cargo of coal
oil for Shanghai, has been burne.l at sea,
and that all on board, some twenty-six
men, have perished.
The sieamer Adria, from Port Antonio,
reported that about 240 miles nonh of
Hatteras, on September 9, she sighted a
burning ship which had evidently been
abandoned. Her deckhouse was on tire
and the flames were shooting up through
her hatches. All tier lifeboats were mis
sine, indicating that her crew bad taken
refuge in them.
The Norwegian bark Viva, which re
turned to this port yesterday, disabled by
a hurricane, lighted the binning craft on
September 11th, about 200 miles east by
scutheastof t!ie Hook.
The only oil-laden vessels besides the
State of Maine, which have of late left this
port, have been the Indiana and the
Nemesis, which sailed on August 14 for
China.
The Stata of Maine, Captain A. D. D.
Nickels, carr cci 56,500 oases of oil for the
the Standard Oil Company. She was a
wooden ship of about 1500 tons, built at
Damariscotta, Me., in 1873.
Ths State of Maine is well known along
the Pacific Coast. She has been to San
Francisco a number of times. She held
the record between Shanghai and New
York. The captain was a part owner in
tue vessel.
i?««»i«n Hantilttfl lovrard England.
LONDON, Eng., Bept. 15.— The Times'
St. Petersburg correspondent telegraphs
that the entire Russian press has recently
changed in its tone, which is now
marke ily friendly toward all the Euro
pean powers except Great Britain, toward
which country mistrust and hostility are
increasing.
. NEW TO-DAT. ; .
THE : BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Spring!, Buda Peat, Hungary,
Under the absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical Institute
(Ministry of Agriculture)) Buda Pest* •
"We know of no stronger or more favourably- V G\ %ud&&viZ£Uvt4S
constituted Natural Aperient Water than that L Renal Councillor, M.D., projtttp* at
yielded by the Uj Hunyadi Spring", . xZ^TJ?S^%%g£
- (Ministry Agriculture), Bud* Put.
APPBOVED BY THE ACADEIHE DE MEDECINB, PARIS,
Prices: 15 cents and 25 cents per bottle-
OF ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL IVA T£R DEALERS.
Full Analysis and additional Testimony and Information supplied
by GHSj. GRAEF & CO., 32, Beaver Street, New York, Sole Agents
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
SEE that the Label bears J the well-known Red Diamond Mark of
The Apolxinaris Company, Limited.
Employed at . the leading " Hospitals in New York, Boston,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, Chicago, etc, and at the principal
Hospitals in England. ;
HOW THE PARITY
IS MAINTAINED
Secretary Carlisle Explains
the Coinage of Silver
and Gold.
PREFERENCE NOT SHOWN
Information Given to a Batch
of Correspondents in
One Letter.
UNCLE SAM IS IMPARTIAL.
When Yel'ow Metal Money Is De
maaded, It is Paid, and So
Is tbe White.
t
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 15.—Secre
retary Carlisle, from his summer retreat in
Bar Harbor, Me., has addressed to one of
his Kentucky correspondents the following
ietter, which is this day made public:
Jamei P. Helm, Louisville— blY Deab Bib:
Your letter asking how the silver dollars
whicu contain a quantity of bullion commer
cially worth only about 53 cents are main
tained at a parity with gold, notwithstanding
tbe fact that the Government does not directly
redeem them or the certificates issued upon
them in gold, is received, and as a great many
inquiries upon the name subject are addressed
to me daily from different parts of tbe country
"which ie ia impracticable to answer in detail
I will take advantage ot your favor to an«wer
them all at once.
All the standard silver dollars issued from
mint* since the passage of the act of 1878, now
amounting to more than $433,000,000, have
been coined on public account from bullion
purchased by the Government, and are legal
tender in payment of all debts public and pri
vate, without regard to the amount, except
when otherwise expressly stipulated in the
contract between the parties. They belong to
the Government when coined, and they are
paid out by the Government at a parity with
gold for property and services of all kinds, and
received from the people at a parity with gold
in the payment of all dues and demands. The
Government has made no discrimination what
ever between the coins of the two metals, gold
having been paid on iv coin obligations when
gold was demanded, and silver having been
paid when silver was demanded.
Under this policy the coinage has been so
limited bylaw and the policy of the Treasury
Department that the amount coined has not
become so great as to drive the more valuable
coin — gold — out of the country and thus de
stroy the Dasis of our monetary system; and
so long as the two metals are of unequal com
mercial value at the ratio established by law
this limitation upon the coinage is, in my
opinion, absolutely essential to the mainte
nance ot' their parity in effecting exchanges.
It constitutes the principal safeguard for the
protection of currency againut the deprecia
tion which tbe experience of all countries has
shown would otherwise result iv the attempt
to use two legal tender coins of the same de
nomination but of unequal value. If the
limitation were removed confidence in tbe
ability of the Government to preserve equality
in the exchangeable value of the coins would
be destroyed and the parity would be lost long
before the amount ot silver coinage had be
come really excessive.
With free and unlimited coinage of silver
on account of private individuals and corpor
ations, the Government would be under no
moral obligation to maintain the parity, and,
moreover, it would be unable to do so. because
the volume of overvalued silver forced into
circulation by a legal tender provision would
6Oon expel gold from the country, or put such
a premium upon it thai it would be impossible
to procure and hold In the treasury a sufficient
amount to provide for the redemption of
silver on presentation. In order to maintain
the parity under such conditions the Govern
ment would be compelled from the beginning
to exchange gold for silver dollars and their
paper representatives whenever demanded,
just as it now exchanges gold for Us own notes
when demanded; and as the coinage ot silver
dollars would be unlimited and therefore
constantly increasing a point would goon be
reached where it would be impossible. to con
tinue the process of redemption. The implied
obligation of the Government to preserve the
value of money which it coins from its own
bullion aud for its own use and which it forces
its citizens to receive in exchange lor their
property and service has been supplemented
by two statutory declarations, which sub
stantially pledge the public faith to the main
tenance of tnatpolicy.
The act of J^P 14. 1890, after providing that
the Secretary of the Treasury should, under
such regulations as he might prescribe, re
deem the treasury notes issued In the pur
chase of silver bullion in gold or silver, at his
discretion, declares that it is "the established
policy of the United States to maintain the
two metals on a parity with each other upon
the present legal ratio, or such ratio as may be
provided by law," and the act of November 1,
1393. again declares It to be "the policy of the
United States to continue the use of both gold
and silver aa standard money and to coin both
gold and silver into money of equal intrinsic
and exchangeable value, such quality to be
secured through international agreement, or
bf suca safeguards of legislation as will In
sure the maintenance of the parity of the value
of the coins of the two metals and the equal
power of every dollar at all times in the mar
itetg in the payment of debts.
With knowledge of these assurances the
people have received these coins and have re
lied confidently upon the good faith of their
Government, and the confidence thus in
spired has been a most potent factor in the
maintenance of the parity. The public has
been satisfied that so long as nur present mon
etary system Is preserved the Government will
do whatever its moral oblijrations and express
declarations require It to do. and very Uricl v
as a consequence of this confidence in the
good faith in^ne executive authorities thn
silver coins hWe not depredated I in . valul it
is not doubted that whatever can be fiwfully
done to maimaln equality in the exehan^,.
able vfllua of the two metals wii be dona
whenever it becomes m.cessary, and although
silver dollars and stiver certificates have n«v
up to tlie present time been received in ex
change for gold, yet if the time sha'l pver
come when the parity cannot be otherwise
maintained such exchange will be made
It is the duty of the Secretary of the Trpaa.
ury and of all other public officials to. executa
in good faith the policy declared by Conerp<i«
and whenever he shall be satisfied that r.«
silver dollar cannot be kept equal in purchft«
Ing power with the gold dollar except b v rt*
ceiving it in exchange for the gold dolar wh*m
such exchange is demanded, it will bt h!s dnt^
to adopt ihat course. But if our present'pol cv
is adhered to ana the coinage is kern w rhii
reasonable limits the means h»retoiore p™
Ployed for the maintenance of the parity «?l
doubtless be found sufficient in the futur« «ni
our silver dollars aud silver certificates win
continue to circulate a: par with gold thui
enabling the people to use both metals in
stead of one only, as would be the c«se ij tha
parity were destroyed by free coinage
Peace Is Concluded.
LONDON. Eng., Sept. 15.-The Chroni
cle will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Rome stating that a peace has beea
concluded between Italy and Abyssinnia
The Negus Menelik demanded that Italy
should pay him 2,000,000 francs as com
pensation for sustaining the Italians cap.
tured during the war and also tnat the
limits of the Italian colony of £rythrea be
definitely defined and that the Italian^
keep within those limits. Russia, it is
said, supported the conditions laid down
by Menehk, and they were agreed to by tha
Italian Government.
Destroyed by Sire.
VINCENNES, Ind., Sept. 15.-A special
from Freelandsvilie. in Kdox County, eaya
that almost tbe entire business portion of
that town was destroyed by fire this morn
ing. The damage is estimated at $80 000
A LAmber Plant Burned.
BREWTON, Ala.. Sept. 15.— The entire
plant of the Peters Lumber Company, lo
cated at Alcot. was destroyed by fire' to
day. The estimated loss is $100 000- in
surance $60,000. '
NEW TO-DAY.
ROOS BROS.
/ /A V^ A 7
A LIVELY DEMAND
for Men's Overcoats Is what wo
have anticipated. And with us sup-
ply always meets the demand.
Prepare for winter.
Wave a lot of Overcoats to s 11 this
■week— don't oar© if we sell them one at
a time, or •wholesale by the dozen.
They're coats that will sell again at a
bie profit on onr prioes. :
' 1000 Men's Chinchilla Overcoats,
blue and \ black, velvet collar, well
lined, perfect fitting, all sizes, 34 to
46, at
—$4.00—
1000 Men's Bine and Black Kersey
Overcoats, velvet collar. Handsome,
stylish, perfect coats. All sizes, 34 to
46. at
—$5.50—
See display in Kearny-street win-
dows.
Our stores will be closed to-morrow
(Thursday).
$67.50
4ROOMSFDRNITURE.
Kitchen : Table, 2 chairs,
stove (No. 7). Dlh Ing- r.: Exten-
sion table, 4 oak chairs. Bedr.:
Selected ash set 7 pieces, wire
and top mattress, 2 pillows.
Parlor: Solid oak set 5 pieces.
CARPETS AT IoWST PRICES.
SHIREK & SHIREK,
rouse: furnishers,
747 Market Street, Opposite Grant Aw,
telephone 5391.
HEADQUARTERS
ciuromni SILVER CABPAIGJ COHSITT2E,
. BAIDttM HOTEL. :s -
MONSTER
SILVER MEETING!
METROPOLITAN HALL,
Wednesday Evening, Sept 16, 1896.
HO5. FRISK 0. IEWLUDS»
The Champion of Silver,
HOfI.TrTAIIOR,
The Brilliant Orator of j Denver,
WILL ADDRESS THE MEETING
M u-lc »nd Campaign Songs by tbe Glee Club.
All Bryan Silver Clubi Invited to be pr«eni.
' WILLIAM P. LAWLOB.
Chairman Campaign Committee.
Pss Belts for $30. i
Ekfjffi'fr^F^Sw uld-fa»hion*d an* poorly I
B?>, 'V'"' L_TJIM made, caa be baa by pay.
WwiU^.roii&vruir'y lug your money to elecirto
«'s?S6aJ3Sby3< 2 ny belt '-quacks" and travel-
n&t* -JsKfey-Xvi me "takers." For a tint* '
V- irolr 1 ' class artioie at a reasonable
* "SW? price rite or call for Jre«
"^li? copy of our new book. I>R. '
PIERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearo*
aacuud, UiwX and tourta iioon. ==»" J;*rancuco.
VI>«BIAIIII"<I OR BARBERS, BAR.
IK 1 1 QM t '^ boovbUcka. bath-
Bl 8J B» GO bouses, billiard -table*,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, . cannera. -
dyers, flourmills, foandrles, laundries, paper*
nanSrs. printers, painters, shoe factories. IUDI*.
.en. t^roo^janne^tailor.^^
Brush M.anuf»cti*r«r». flO9S»cr»roe)pt»B|>
COSMOPOUIT A.JST 9
Opposite V. 8.. Mint, 100 and 102 Jilta su, «a»
! Francisco, — The most select fatnlW hotel la
I the city. Board and room *1, $1 25 and $1 50 pet
day, according to room. Meals 25c Hooms 50a
and 75c a day. I'rea coach to and from the boiet.
Look for Urn coaca bearing th« name of the Oo*.
wopwilan Hotel . WiV- t'AHJUV, frourieuw,ARCATA'S DAY
OF MOURNING
Three Victims of Sunday's
Bridge Disaster Are
Buried.
SIX DEATHS RECORDED.
Engineer George Burke Succumbs
to the Injuries He
Rece ved.
JURORS CENSURE THE COMPANY
Declare the Accident Was Due to the
Unsafe Ccndition of the
Timbers.
EUREKA, Cal.. Sept. 15.— This was a '
day of sorrow in Arcata. Three of those
killed in Sunday's bridge disaster were
buried. Flags were at half-mast; grief
was written on every face.
The funeral of Miss Annie Holland took
place this morning from the residence of
Mrs. C. C. Richard?. From a radius of
thirty miles large numbers of sorrowing
friends came to attend the last earthly
Bervice? for the departed. The funeral
procession was several blocks in length.
Tbe demand was so great that not a rig of
any kind could be procured this morning
at any of the liveries in Eureka, Arcata,
Bine Lake or Korbel. Mi:-3 Holland was
widely known and beloved by all her ac
quaintances. It would seem thai she was
predestined to die in a railroad calamity.
Slie was on tbe traiu wl-ich collided with
the Vance construction train a few montns
ago, and had been visiting in Arcata since
that time. When the day for her depar
ture arrived she became depressed, and
expressed her reluctance at going, saying:
''Something forewarns me that I am going
to be killed."
When pressed to remain she said she
was expected at home and must co. She
would i;avegotoff at Riverside, and was
but one mile from home when the mishap
occurred. Her brother was coming in a
buggy to meet her when he learned of the
nccident. When he astced the names of
those killed the first one he heard was that
of his sister.
The second victim, Brafceman Alexander
Cameron, was buried under the auspices
of the Odd Fellows and Knights of Pythias
lodges, and the funeral of Miss Ada Kirk
ham took place tnis afternoon from the
residence of O. K. Spring. Both were well
attended. Clausa and Sophia, children of
David Wood, and Engineer George Burke,
who died from his injuries this morning,
will be interred to-morrow. The schools
of Arcata will be closed to allow the pupils
to attend the funeral of the Wood chil
dren. They will be buried together from j
tbe residence of I. Minor Br.
Mrs. Wood is just beginning to realize
the terrible death of her children. Mrs.
Cameron cannot be comforted, and fears |
for her life are entertained. Relatives of j
Miss Holland bear their grief with more
composure.
Concerning the widely circulated r&port
that the chief engineer had frequently
warned the company that the bridge was '
unsafe and liable to collapse at any time, j
Anton Korbel, one of the owners, said this
morning:
"No one has ever intimated to me that
the bridge was insecure. I have always j
considered it the safest part of the road, j
From time to time I have had the struc- !
ture inspected. Three weeks ago our mill- j
wright gave the bridge a thorough going |
over. Only two hours before the disaster !
Superir tendent Zaruba and myseif ciose.y
examined it. Do you suppose for a moment i
that if I suspected that tbe bridge was '
dangerous I would allow my family to con- i
tinually cross it? My two nieces, the
Misses Vintera, were aboard the ill-fated
train. Their injuries are painful, but I
they will recover. It was my intention to !
return on the train with them. A broken •
piece of machinery, which I had to attend :
to, kept me over.
"That bridge cost our company $20,000. \
It was guaranteed to las>t for ten years, |
allowing a 30-ton locomotive to run thirty j
miles an hour over it. Tae wrecked train i
didn't weigh more than twenty-five tons '
and was running only six miles an hour." \
When asked what caused the coflapse |
he answered: "There is no doubt in my .
mind that the engine jumped the track I
and cut the needle beam with the wheels, i
Indications all point that way. Marks ;
where the ed<_'e of the wheel scraped the
rails can be seen, and the needle-beam is '
cut as clean as a whittle. When the nee- •
die-beam was severed there was nothing !
to support that bent of the bridge and it ;
collapsed."
Mr. Korbel looks careworn and troubled, j
He did not care to talk a great deal on the
subject. In the Arcaia sectiou feeling is <
Btrone and bitter against the company, j
People believe that if proper precautions i
had been taken the accident would not i
have occurred. This sentiment is nowhere '
more noticeable than at the company's !
works at Korbel. Tlie bereaved and their I
friends do not feel like making excuses for I
the affair.
The testimony at the inquest to-day has i
not helped matters. or tbe company. The I
inqu> st was held before Deputy Coroner j
dkinner and nine jurors. District Attor- I
ney >urnell appeared for the people and i
S. Al. Buck represented Korbel Bros.,
owners of the road.
Martha Ball was hunting for eggs w en
she saw the train sink through the bridge. !
She said it went down like a knife cutting .'
through butter. Clara .Hal! and Martha j
Logan also saw the train fall. A. Kirk- ■
Patrick, section foreman, examined the
bridge on Saturday, but did not bore any
holes to see the condition of the limbers.
M. H. Mider, the bridge superintendent. !
bored some holes, but none in the needle- !
beams which gave away. General Simer- j
itnendent Zarub:* claims he has snared no j
pains or expense to keep thine* in order, i
and he believes the bridge was in eood
condition. Grant Warren was in a box
cur and believes it was off the track at
the time of thedis-ister.
The strongest witness against the com
pany was Fireman Henry Burke. He
swore the locomotive never left the track
and the trestle must have dropped from I
under the train. There was no warning;
all was so sudden that he bad no lime to
move.
After a few moments deliberation and
careful inspection of tbe decayed timbers
the jury found that the cause of the acci
dent was the breaking ot the needle
beams. It further found that ttie break
age was 'iue to the decayed and unsaie j
conditinn of the bridce timbers. Several j
jurors were in favor of attributing the dis- i
aster to criminal lies itrence.
WATER FOR EUSENADA.
Xorel fichemr to Siiprl'i the. Lower Cali
f.,r in Al'lropoH*.
SAN DIEGO, Call, Be*>t. 15.— A novel
system o waer works is to be constructed
at Ensenada. Tbrooxn the advice of
Governor Sanginez, 100 soldiers will be put
at work ai once laying pipes and con
structing a system to extend from a point
in the San Antonio range, six mites north
east of the town, to the city, conveying
water by uravity to all parts of the plain
where the town is situated. An engineer
from the City of Mexico examinee' iue
mans an i asserts ihm 2<X> inches ot water
can be developed with sufficient pressure
to carry tue water over the bluff of Itur
bidf\ The diverting dam in the moun
tains requires a minimum of labor, as the
boulders form a natural reservoir.
The idea of Governor Sangsnez is to have
free water after tue expense of construction
is paid and the interest and sinking fund
wiped out. The piping for the system is
ain-ady ordered. With the free labor of
100 soldiers available under the direction
of one of the country's best engineers,
Enaenada expects to have an abundance
of water in a few months. The residents
of the town will be required only to pay
tor the connections with the mains.
BODEGA'S CELEBRATION.
Swiss Residents of Sonoma Observe the
Anniversary of Their Mother Coun
try's Independence.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. 15.— The
Swiss celebration at Fern Grove, Bodega,
to-day was in every way a grand success.
From early dawn all the roads leading to
Bodega were crowded by Swiss people and
their friends, intent upon celebrating the
589 th anniversary of their mother coun
try's independence. A heavy shower dur
ing the night laid the dust and freshened
the air, and a more balm v and delightful
day could not have been wished for.
The literary exercises commenced at 11
o'clock with a short address by George j
I Adami, president of the day. Hon. Frank \
j J. Murphy delivered an eloquent address j
i in English, replete with historical facts.
I He was followed by Dr. Henry J. Sartori
of San Francisco, who spoke in the Italian
! tongue. Ail tbe addresses received close
lat ention and hearty applause. The
! musical part of tbe programme consisted
I of selections by the band and National
I songs.
Then there came a banquet beneath the
; shade of the spreading trees, and toasts to
the mother country and tne land of the
j stars and stripes were enthusiastically ap
plauded.
In tbe afternoon there were athletic
games for both old and young, under the
supervision of P. Pelasco and B. Spadini,
I masters of sports. There were races for
| boys and girls, young ladies and old men,
the winners receiving handsome prizes.
Several athletic youne men attempted the
feat of climbing the greasy pole, and all
hands turned out to head "off an exceed
ingly elusive porker, which had been
made slippery for the occasion. Tbe rest
of the afternoon was spent by the young
people on the dancing platform, while the
older generation looked on or strolled be
neath the trees.
To-night there was a ball in the school
house, which concluded the day's enjoy
ment.
FAST BOATS TO STOCKTON
California Navigation Company
Planning to Improve Its
Service.
Side-Propeller Steamers That Can
Travel to Saa Francisco and
Back in a Day.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 15.— The board
of directors of the California Navigation
and Improvement Company will hold a
meeting on Friday to consider, among
other matters, the proposition to put on a
line of fast passenger boats between this
city and San Francisco.
The project was broached some time
j ago, bat it has nover been definitely de-
I cided upon by the board. Those members
j who conceived the idea and have been
j championing the measure were not able '
then to submit facts and figures sufficient
to form a basis for action, but at the meet
i ing next Friday the proposition will be
| presented in tangible shape.
Preliminary drafts have been prepared
i showing the design of a steamer which is
j guaranteed to niaKe twenty-two miles an
; hour. -This would reduce the time be
! tween Stockton and San Francisco to four
j hours and a half. The plans contemplate
j a side-wheeler 160 feet lonsr and 18 feet in
the beam. It has two decks, the lower of
which is fitted up with a dining-room and j
I a restaurant, refreshment places, etc., and i
! the upper with drawing and card room«.
i As the trip will occupy only fonr and a
j half hours there will be n<» need of state
j rocms except in case of sickness, and only
' four such apartments are provided for. I
j Only quick freight will be carried, so no
i provision is made for accommodating
! heavy cargoes. The boat as planned is
j strictly a passenger steamer, and if built
! it will be equipped with all the latest ap«
i pliances for the comfort of those aboard.
; Tbe furnishings will be rich, for no ex
; pense will be spared to make the vessel a
a model one.
i Tbe side-wheel pattern boat is selected
j for several reasons in preference to the
. propeller. In the first Place it i» claimed j
; that more speed can be got out of a «!de
waeeler at a given draught. To obtain a
; «peed of twenty-two miles an hour out o;
| a propeller boat it would be necessary to
| give her con* derable more draught than
j in the case of the other type o vessel, and
j this would be a disadvantage in navigat
i ing shallow waters. In the second place
i a side-wheeler can get around the bends
t of tbe crooked San Joaqnin more easily I
.and quickly than a propeller could or a j
| stern-wheel boat, becau-e each wheel is i
i worked by a separate engine, and one '
j wheel can be stopped or reversed while !
| the other is revolving as before, thus |
i making it possible to swing the boat
j around as if on a pivot.
The only di advantage about the side
! wheel pattern lies in the fact that tbe '
wheels take up room, necessitating a cor
responding reduction in the width of th c
beam. But this decrease makes the boat
j speedier, so it is not altogether a loss.
j And besides, the extra room will not be
I needed as in the case of vessels now on
j the river, inasmuch as the latter have to
be provided with scores of staterooms.
I: has not yet been decided, of cor.rse,
how many boats are to be cons' ructed, if
j any. In all likelihood there would be at
j lea-t two to start in with. The bnatsconhl
j make a round trip every day, which would I
i make two boats out d lily.
SUNK IN WESTPORT SLOUGH.
Ihe Steamboat Kehnni Goee If own Xear
Clatiikanie.
PORTLAND, Obb., Sepr. 15.-The steam
boa: Kehanl. owned by Ham, Nickum &
Co. of this city, struck a in Westpcrt
8 ouch, n ar Claukanie, early this morn
ing and sunk in twelve feet of water. All
hands were saved, but the steamer, which
is valued at about $10,000, is badly dam
airea. J
The Kehani is a light-draught boat and
was built for navigation in shallow water
Recently it wa-s leaei by the contractors
for tne Astoria and Gobe Raiir.-ad and it
has since been engaged in carrying sup
plies. The (tispatch whic . annoanc -d the
wreck simnly stated that it had struck a
•nag during a Jog early in the morniu X
and that she wa« badly damaged.
ThfThe.Ua Ora-rett f>nuth*vard
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept. 15.-The United
Stase« KbipTueiit will leave the navy-yard
on Thurs ay for the iower coa^t of CHlhor
nia, where a survey will be made of that
seciion. The ship will be away ten
months or more.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1896.
WADE NAMED
AT CALISTOGA
Choice of Napa and Lake
County Republicans
for Senator.
POLITICS IN RIVERSIDE.
Defeat of an Attempt to Pledge
an Assembly Nominee
to Perkins.
GOOD NEWS FROM THE EAST.
Letters Tell of the Growing Strength
of McKinley— Cou.terville Re
publicans Organize.
NAPA, Cal., Sept. 15— The joint Re
publican convention of Napa and Lnko
counties was held to-day in Calistoga, and
Hon. Owen Wade of St. Helena was unani-
HON. OWEN WADE, Nominated fur State Senator by the
Republicans of Napa and Lake Counties*
mously chosen as the nominee for State
Senator. B. L. Lee of Lake County was
chairman of the convention and Robert
Coriett secretary.
The Republicans of Napa and Lake
counties showed their appreciation of
honest and efficient services rendered
when they nominated Hon. Owen Wade.
There was not a man in the R -publican
ranks in opposition to him. Thpre will
not be a man in any other political organ
ization to sorrow over his election, bs all
know him to be a man who to the extent
of his anility and influence will se6k to
lighten the burdens of taxpayers and se
cure greater economy in the public ser
vice.
Mr. Wade is a man of ripe experience
and has a coast- wide acquaintance. His two
terms in the Assembly will enable him to
do more and stili better work for the peo
ple when he returns to Sacramento.
RIVERSIDE CONTESTION
Dnlegatet Jiefeat J»t»t ruction* to Vote
for Senator' Verkine.
RIVERSIDE, Cal.. Sept, 15.— One of
the most enthusiastic Republican county
conventions ever held in this county was
that la this city to-day. Every precinct
in the county was represented, except a
couple of the remote small ones. The
convention was presided over by Hon. N.
C. Hudson ot Corona, a veteran Republi
can who has seen years of party i-erv c» in
lowa. On taking his seat Chairman Hud
son delivered a ringing sueecb for McKin
ley and protection, which was wi.d y
cheered.
The convention worked harmoniously
until the question of instructing the As
sembly nominee to vote for Senator Per
kins was raised. The resolutions passed
indorsed, in strong terms, the work of
Senator Perkins and Congressman Bowers
at Washington, but went no further. Wil
liam Collier Esq., a warm friend of Per
kins, offered a minority report to the ef
fect that the convention instruct its nomi
nee for the Assembly to vote for Perkins
to succeed himselt. The reading of the re
port was the signal for the beginning of a
heated debate. John G. North, George
Frost and other leaders of the party
strenuously opposed the adoption of the
minority report, and the minority report
was defeated by a big majority. This
means that the Assemblyman from the
Seventy-seven; District will co to Sacra
mentc unpledged, as it is conceded that
the Republican candidate will have a
walk-over.
Tne convention nominated George H.
Dole of this city, who is a brother of Presi
dent Dole of Hawaii, for Assemblyman.
After naming nine delegates to the joint
Senatorial convention of the Fortieth Dis
trict the convention adjourned.
■
WANE OF THE BRYAN CRAZ Z.
Central State* Surging Into th* Honest
Money Column.
B AN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 15.— The fol
lowing letter was received to-day by John
G. Hinkel, president of the San Diego
Brewing Company. Tue writer, C. D.
Gilfilian, is vice-president of the First Na
tional Bank ol St. Paul, the strongest
fiuancial institution in the B>ate, and is
also a farmer, living upon and personally
managing 7000 acres of stock and gra n
laud at Morgan, Kedwood County. Mr.
I'iiiam, who is mentioned in G Itillan's
letter, is pr-sident of the Fir . National
Batik of Jit. Paul, of which Mr. Gilfiilan i<j
rice- president:
Morgan. Minn., Sept. 9, 1896.
John G. Hinkel. San : itgo, < al.: T.ie free ■<!•
ver s-en ti nitm tis rapid y on the iane In ihe
Western States bordering on the Mitiissippi.
The Germans, it appears, will vote nearly
solidly for McKinley. One Rentieman, who
lives in Milwaukee, toid me that the city
would give the larsiest Republican majority,
in proportion to the population, of any city in
the Union. Good judges claim thut Wisconsin
will give 100,000 majorit' for V.cKiniey.
I think that Minnesota is now safe, though
beieve it the election had takvn place six
weeks ago Bryan would have carried it I was
in St. Paul about a week ago, and I learned
that nearly all the business men who were
Democrats were all right upon the money
question.
In la king with Mr. Upham of the First Na
tional Bank he s'a'ed that its deposit-- since
the Chicago convention had fallen off over
$1,000,000; that a great deal of the money
had been drawn out and laid away, to pro
vide against the cataatropne of Bryan's elec
tion.
It is claimed that there Is about $30,000,000
of Canadian money invested in tue United
States in carrying wheat, cotton and pork.
This has been wi hdrawn, and no etevxtor
company or wheat man can get any of that
money unless he gives a gold note with double
the usual security. Men hesitate to d" this,
for It eleclio is went wrong they would be
ruined. They, like the millers in Minnesota,
prefer to do smaller business upon what capi
tal they have-
I have usually sold my wheat at Seep Eye,
New Ulm ana Mankato. The millers this year
at these points will not take a cerload, as they
have not the money to pay for it. You can
imagine, from what I have written, how tight
the money market is. How are the tifcnks in
California? Are they not all for sound mon-y?
What is the opinion of cool heads in Califor
nia? Do they think MrKinley will carry the
State? Yours respectfully, C. D. Gii.fii.las.
BOON TO BUSINESS MEN.
Certainty of Republican Surer** Remits
in on Easier feeling. '
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 15.— The fol
lowing letter w 8 received yesterday by
Presdent J. E. Fishburn of the Mer
chants' and Manufacturers' Association,
from Frederick H. Bacon, one of the lead
ing lawyers of St. Louis.
St. Louis, Mo., Sept. 9, 1896.
Genttemen: There is a much easier feeling in
financial circles here than there has been for a
long time. 1 have recently returned from a
trip to the North and Minnesota, and I find the
co sditions there very favorable. Advices from
friends who are in a position to know the real
situation aside from any newspaper reports ln
d.cate th-' election of McKinley by an enor
mous majority.
The defection in this State from the Demo
crats on account of the silver platform is enor
mous. I believe- this defect on will run from
10 to 25 per cent. It certainly is not less than
10 prr cent as an average throughout the
St.- w-. und In this city it will prolwoiy run as
high as 25 p<T cent. All the Democratic bu»i
nest men and the majority of the Democratic
lawyers nnd all the Democrptic bankers are
for sound moupy. and most of them will vote
for jicKinley. Yours truly, F. H. Bacon.
COULTERVILLE IN LINE
Republican* Organize a Club With a
I.ar'if 3i'inb*r*hip.
COULTERVILLE, Cal.. Sept. 13— The
McKinley Club of Coultervilie was organ
ized last night with 120 members and the
followinc officers: H. H. Clark, president;
Frank Bruschi, secretary; F. L. Harring
ton, corresponding secretary; Cap am
John Roberts, vice-president, and Hiram
Hodpes, treasurer. Great enthusiasm was
manifested, and ringing speeches were
made by business men, who announced
that they were particularly anxious that
tboir interests should noi be disturbed.
Tnken altogfther it was a great victory
for the Repubiicans. The silver men had
been claiming everything in but at
thetirs-t meeting the Republicans organ
ized with a mucn larger ni-rnbershin than
the si'veri:es have. The McKinley Club
contains the names of more thun three
fourths of the business men of Cuul
lervilie and vicinity. It will more than
dounle its membership during the nexi
ten days. Beis are freely off>rel that
McKinley will ca ry the town, and there
are no takers. Hon Grove L. Johnson
will b«- eive'. a monster reception here next
Thursday night.
Santtt Hona J'rim-iriei.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., 8 >pt. 15.— The Re
rub. can primaries held to-day to select
deletes to the county convention re
sulted in the election of the regular caucus
nominepB, with one exception. Tne civ
was diviied into *even pr.cincts and
twenty-five delegates were chosen, as fol-
Ioum: J. M 1 hompson. R. P. L-gro Gnore*'
Burch. C. F French, F. D. McGregor, W.
J. E.«r<ilev. J M. S riening, E. \V. Dpvit
aux, W. R. S; ith. H. A. Huiliman, bam
Yoho, E. E. Morrow, R. M. Swain Henry
Baker, O. O. Web-r. J. M. Moffiit, J. W.
Seeirelken, Frank Mu'lnt, H.'iirv *Silve-
sbield, John Miller, Thnm s Bonner, J. G
Woodwad, W. S. Gill, M irk lioflv, Charles
Kir.««ch. Lewis pr-cinct— Hirvev Grecorv
M. B. Mac, G. W. Bnd*ers, E. F. L.ght.
6r«»» Valley Stabbing 'ffrat/.
GRASB VALLEY, Cal., Sept. 15.— What
might bare ended in a murder here last
night, bad not bystanders interfered, re
sulted in a serious cuttin? affray. Sam
Hocking, a carptnter and a stranger in
the town, walked into the Pacific Hotel
went up to William Powning, a contractor'
and putting his arm aiound Powuing's
neck, hrust a jackknife into his abdomen
A scream from Powning brought a laree
crowd to the rescue and the wou.d-b«>
murderer was place i in irons and taken to
jail. Hockin * aid he had ■ jirudge a -ainst
Powning of many year^' standing t ,v r
money affairs. It is believed that Hock
ing's mind is deranged.
Hrpublican Hilly at Trek*.
YREKA. Cal., Sept. 15.— T c large-t
Republican meeting of the cump-iign was
hem at Julien's Opera-house here las'
evening. The ball was crowded to the
doors. Ti.e gatiierinir wai a<l<iressed by
Con re^sraan John A. Barbara of this
district and Colone. J. H. Roberta of Ban
Francisco. The Republican ticket is con
stantly gaining in strength in tuia vicinity.
PORTLAND ROGUES
USE HYPNOTISM
Broker Bulkley Svengalied
and Robbed of His
Money.
THIEVERY UP TO DATE.
Paid a Fancy Price for What
He Believed to Be a
Diamond,
FINDS THAT IT IS WORTHLESS.
Declares He Was Under tbe Influence
of Occult Power During the
Transaction-
PORTLAND, Ob.. Sept. 15. -In the lat
ter part of June Daniel T. Bulkley came
to Portland from Seattle. He brought
with him $3500 in ready cash and estab
lished himself as a money broker, doing
business in a lawyer's office in the Cham
ber of Commerce. Shortly after coming
here he called on friends he had known on
the Sound. Amonn the visitors at their
home v»ere two members of the Portland
Hypnotic Club, tvho, during their evening,
"mounted their hobby," which they dis
cussed very entertainingly.
Mr. BulKley became infatuated with the
subject of hypnotism. He was so ab
sorbed with it that when the two apostles
took their leave he accompanied them
down town. Before separating from bis
newly-made friends he requested them to
present his name for membership to ihe
club. That was the be^innin^ of tho
broker's subsequent trouble, the details oi
which he narrated to Detectives Cody and
Welsh to-day.
B'likley became a member of the Hyp
noiic Club on August 1. and soon there
after his two sponsors occasionally
dropped into his office, piving him "point
ers" to advance him in the science. But
the two young men wore actuated by a
sinister motive. Both being of herculean
frame and endowed with a superabund
ance of animal magetißin, they worked
upon Bulkley until he was absolutely in
their power.
"On the 20th of August," said Bulkley
to the detect yes, "the two men called on
roe and after talking to me a half hour or
so they showed me a wondrously beau i
ful diamond. lam a judge of stones
and this I considered the greatest gem I
ever beueld. One of the men claimed it
had been in his family ur ward of a cen
tury. His mother needed $800 to lorestuii
the foreclosure of a mortgage and author
ized him to hypothecate the -tone for that
sum. She was willing to pay 3 per cent a
month for the loan.
"I hadn't more than $780 in my safe just
then, but the owner ot the jewel was sat
isfied to take that. The d.aniond was de
posited in a tin box and sealed in my
pie>ence, and I afterward Diaced it in the
bunk Ido business with for safe keepintr.
The two men subsequently did not call on
me so frequently, and from some un
known cause I lost interest in the club
ana its object.
"Last Saturday I intuitively resolved to
look once again at the diamond, and to
my horror I discovered it to be not bins
but a worthless stone. Then I real. zed
tnat my two iriends had hypnotized mo
on the afternoon I was swindled out of
$780."
Mr. Bulkley added that he saw the two
men on Saturday, when they could not
help confessing to the bunco operation
conducted while they had their victim
under hypnotic influences. They prom
ised to make restitution before next Satur
day. In the meantime they are being
"shadowed" by Detectives VVelsb and
Cody, wno will not ailow them to get
away.
DEATH AT SANTA ROSA.
Mr*. Huttey l*a**ee Away at the
A(te of IS'tnety-Tteo.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. 15.— Mrs.
Hepsabeth U.isney ated here to-day at the
residence of her grand-daughter, Mrs. R.
M. Swain. By Mrs. Hussey's tieat , one
of the Lye generations of the Swain fam
ily, which lives in Santa Kosa, has -been
removed. She was a great-greai-j;rand
inot er to the children of F. A. Brush."
Mrs. Hussey v.as born in Nuntncket,
Mass., in May, 1804, and was 92 years old
on her la>t binhd y. She descended from
a Massachusetts Quaker famiiy. She came
to California in the early '50's. Mr . Has
sey's hubband died over iorty years ago.
and the issue of their marriage are all
dead.
>.'.;<• i «••(!/ M.rL+in at I'orllinit.
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. 15. — Arthur
McLain, a Scotch lad, 10 years old, who
has been three-fourths of the way around
the globe as a stowaway, has renched here
on one of the Oregon-Asiatic line of steam
era. He • started fourteen months a^o
without a penny in his pocket ami landed
here in the sam -financial condition. The
boy ha* been on an almost continuous
voyage of 20,000 nrles to every part of the
globe, and has iiad dozens of hair-breadth
escapes from being killed by brutal crews
thnt.'be fell in with. The stowaway's
home is in Dun. lee, Scotland, from which
place he ran away.
"nnta liarbai'i .>uU t'omprntntted.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Sept. 15 —
Tbe suit brought by George H. Gould et
al. against James L Barker lor diverting
certain waters from Co:d Stream Canyon
has been compromised out oi coift and
the injunction fitted. This leaves Barker
tree to prosecute work upon hi* w«ier tun
nel, the excellent developments of which
have already brought joy into this dry
Im, d.
""™^£=m^ EEL AJO YOUSNESS,
H aT*~~ *: a treat fl«dness in
| S~«j \\ \ every bone, muscle an I
lap'! •**"• fiber of your" body.
_^|' How? By cleansing
~yj- ■TgJL^^ the blood, .he stomach,
R^«?^f*W^ liver, kidney* and bow-
I el-*. You can do this
m 9 .-■ffffi* 3^ with the best herb r?m-
—— ■"■" 'edy manufactured. It
is Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. When
you swallow Joy's you find it palutalilc;
when it 'loes its work you find it pleasant,
agreeable. You will be cured habitual
constipation, and. in fact, any bowel dis-
order, if you use Joy's Vegetable Sarsapa-
riila moderately.
JtTTW TO-DAT— CLOTHING.
' I'^l-^Vk Three more days and then say
I la G good-by to Green Tags ; they will
-_ visit you again next year; but
E?5 «*-« d 1 r*^#"l ir V *+ these three days shall be mem-
! I 1 1 1 d 1 JL/Ciy or able ones.
.£ j_« We have combined our very
!{\ | Ir^ £Uk choicest arid handsomest goods
j . •"**^. on our second floor, the largest
j g^i r-v*\ Juvenile Department in the
vjrCGIT 1 a its united States.
£^ We have 'combined- our very
newest fall and winter styles, have made combinations of our
choicest Suits, Trousers and Hats, and have green-tagged 'em
at really less than half their regular prices. The excellence' of our
goods is so well known, the high-class tailoring which is embodied
in every garment which we turn out needs no singing of praises at
our hands ; it's known to all.
These are the three last days of the Green Tags. .
f/(^cC% Green
cWj fcX% Combined. ,
!u L^l: 9 ° m i^l\ A bill of goods amounting to
ijcf^l ]" CM fjl A Short Trouser Suit, selling
V ***'">:£ss '( ■■"' pIl\^!!l n> exira pair of Trousers,
A \J\f \ selling price 75c.
*sZfl th I/V V A Golf Cap so o.
fi\jfßSsa mml ' You will find these 3 articles
/{ vßb QBi ~
\^S- 1 Tagged
VjfdOfF - n
••^g^r7ai£^>vg^ The Suits you can have in
/ ( v^v either style, the double-breasted,
, fjg^ci I ya f or short-trouser lads between
/' iV* c n6 a £ es °f an^ 15, or the
Id /*&- o t> /^v/n reefer with deep sailor collar;
jj& J I/N^/^ pretty new fall and winter
*(if- Rs2 1 ° ° < /^^v/ fashions; all fresh goods, a bill
* t vjj* ' Po^y of goods amounting to $4.75.
vll AWr Green-tagged
piljr ; - $2.50.
Green ((^ > \
Combination. &r{yT\A^l
A Suit worth $4-50. . '_ C '[A' ft
A pair of extra Trousers worth ... .3 _v-w Pjf
$1- Ml ° ° C3fi X
A Cap worth 75 c. . i I ii ___llj m^
These are the regular prices. . I {>' W ' 1! r rT^ \" "^ iL^*l
A bill of goods amounting to j: I jlli A I Tl^
All the newest and swellest Ys^*"^ "w^ilte^^VV"^
things in Scotches, Tweeds, Che- v-^^jlw*iil
viots in the Reefer style and in \^JTO^^S
the double-breasted style. « Ijp
The ' Reefers are very swell I w if?
garments; so are the Double- js|| gal
breasted Suits. gjjp W
This bill of goods iH^fflil
amounting to $6.25 you ' y^(Y^9^\ x >
will find A xt^*^ \
-. Green= l i' 3 f °cw
VJI vVU lI J L.
Tagged it * J
$3-85- ® j Lfflw
t Wonders. '<S?
J%C Tags
mk\ Work
H I Wonders. -&
• ,1— / A Suit worth $6. \sf^~^7Tr>.
\ A A pair of Trousers worth fWt fifth
\\ \\\ <* Cap worth 75c. pW^ A V
Ui \Vj A bill of goods amounting to \f "X
&1 mk $&'' representing a .very high 'urn .ft) M'|j
of il grade of suits in all new fall p| \"V-d£ w|||
w ] and winter fashions ; the Reef er BJP^JT lpj|
jgß \^ style, the . Double-breasted style. ™ 71 \' y
' ■-*. ...,_ — ; — — The Rie'ers come in sizes 3to 10 . r"T \-\
— p — C-^j years ; the Double-breasted Suits ■ II \
h — -— 4 ■■ — for short-trnuser lads between V Yd
I | the ages of 5 and 15. . <y '. |3b^.
I / . There's a glorious assortment
I . ' to select from. ■ ■
I , T You'll find this bill of goods
\ H J amounting to $8
V I 1 Green-Tagged
LJLJ $4-25.
Si»^f'-*L4 rr^..-; *>v £^.o JZ *
011 111! A I*' O (I^ CORPO< ATED) THE RISC BOY*.
nArnAH A 9 ' 11, 13 and 15 KEARNY street,
II ill Sing. ft. V TWO ENTIRE BLOCKS. EIGHT FLOORS.
34
HARNESS RACES
AT SACRAMENTO
The Monotony Varied by a
Runaway on the
Track.
PROMISE ME'S EXPLOIT
Fearless Ed Lafferty Injured in
Attempting to Check His
Horse,
FAVORITES FINISH IN FRONT
Flare Up, Gazelle and Our Boy Win
Their Respective Events
Easily.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 15.— An ex
citing accident that occurred during the
progress of the 2:17 pace, which happily
terminated with no very serious conse
quences for the chief actor, varied the
monotony of an otherwise dull and listless
day's racing at the track. The incident
that caused the vast crowd in the grand
stand to jump to their feet and be afflicted
with a temporary suspension of their
breathing powers was caused by a broken
rein and a brave and fearless driver's
attempt to stop his runaway horse.
Among the starters in the pace was
Promise Me, the musical-faced horse,
which races with a silver tube inserted in
niß throat. He is owned by La Siesta
ranch and is trained and handled by the
popular California reinsman, Ed Lafferty.
The big chestnut was unplaced in the first
two heats, but in the third exhibited more
speed, showing third to Our Boy and
Jennie Me, as the trio rounded the bend
into the backstretch. The pace was a hot
one and as the quarter was passed he left
his feet and about opposite the five and a
half furlong, pole it was apparent he had
got beyond control of bis driver. A second
later and a figure in red was seen to jump
from the bike and land squarely on the !
runaway horse's back, and it was apparent
that a break in the harness bad occurred.
To the horror of the spectators, Lafferty
was seen to slide off the horse, but in his
fall he managed to grasp the broken rein
and there he hung, with the furious ani
mal going at breakneck speed. As the
half poie was reached, the daring driver i
let go his grasp and fell prostrate on the
track. A conveyance was hurriedly sent
to picK him up, and as it passed the stand
witn Lafferty, pale as a ghost, sitting on
the back seat, the grand stand spectators
arose and cheered the plucky horseman.
An examination by a physician showed
no serious injuries, the fortunate driver
escaping with a severe shaking up, and
some slight abrasions. It was the most
sensational incident of the fair for years.
The horse was caught without doing any
damage to any of the other starters.
Flare Up, Gazelle and Our Boy captured
their respective races without much diffi- j
oulty, starting pronounced favorites in
the betting, and most of the layers of odds
had a slight crimp put into their bank
roils.
The first event called was a trotting
stake, valued at $550, for two-year-olds.
Oakwood Park stock farm's filly Flare Up,
a daughter of Charles Derby, had first call
in the betting at $20, with Majella bring
ing $8, and the lieid, consisting of Tele
phone and Ben Wiles, going for $3. The
first choice appeared for the first heat, |
minus hobbles, and broke repeatedly. She
finished outside the nag, but the distance
was waived. Majella, driven by "Jimmy"
Sullivan, captured the heat easily in 2:29,
with Ben Wilfces second. Majella now
ruled favorite, but when next Flare Up
came out she had hobbles on. and took
two neats without much difficulty in 2:22,
2:24}£. Majella, a came daughter of Will
Direct, showed lameness as she scored up
for the second heat, but piuckily stuck to
her work, finishing a good second in each
heat rattled off.
The 2:17 trot was a gift for Winship <fe
Keating's black mare Gazelle, a barred
favorite in the betting. Sue easily headed
her field out in straight heats. Time, 2:14
2:16, 2:l4}*. Margaret Wortb, skillfully
driven by the Los Angeles horseman,
Walter Maben, was second in the first two
heats, securing second money. The books
laid 8 to 1 a show against Caryle Came,
which finished third in the third heat.
The 2:17 pace was another straight heat
affair, Our Boy, which brought $10 in the
pools against $6 for Sophie R and |3 for
the field, downin? his field without effort.
Best time, 2:15. Jennie Me earned second
money by finishing second in the first two
heats.
Pacing, 2:80 class, two-year old stake, 2 In 3,
value $650.
I'lare Up, b. f., by Charles Derby-Flasn
(Chaboya) 4 11
Magella. br. I, by Will Direct (Sullivan).. 12 2
Ben W likes, eh. h., by Kaater Wllkes (Try
od) 2 4 4
Telephone, blk f., by George Dexter (Ben
nett). v 3 3 3
lime. i!: 29 —2:22 —2:24.
Trotting, 2:17 clais. 3 In 5. purse »1000.
Gi-zelie, bU. m., by Gosslper by Governor
Booth (Keating) 11l
Margaret Worth, br. m., by Alex Buttou
(Maben) , 2 2 4
Chris Peterson, b. g., by Bennty(shaner) 3 3 2
Carvle Cam. gr. g., by Uambletou's Alam
biino (McDowell) ... 5 5 3
Aineoa, b. m., by Klecnoneer (Dustln)..' 4 4 6
Stella, blk. m., by George Wasuington
(binitbj dist
Time, 2:14-2:16—2:14^.
Pacing, 2:17 class, 3 in 5, purse $1000.
Our Boy, eh. g., by Vernon Boy by Wapsie
(Bunch) 11l
Jennie Me, b. t, by McKinuey (Durtee) 2 2 4
t>opb.a B, Dlk. f., by i;oy Wilkes (btimson).- 6 4 2
Sam H, b. g., by Tucaehoe (Whitney) 38 3
Bonnie Belle, b. m., by Whalebone (McCar
thy) 4 6 5
I'rumise He, eh. g., by Steinway (l.afteny) 5 6dr
Time, 2:16-2:15-j:l6i /a .
To-morrow finishes the trotting portion
of the programme, and a great day's sport
is looked forward to. In the 2:10 trot Ot
tinger meets the crack California colt Stam
B, and a big sum of money will be
wagered on the result. The 2:10 pace will
bring together the speedy "aide-winders"
Agitato, Baywood, Al Gregor, Javelin and
Bill Eraser, and this will be another fierce
{speculating affair.
President Cobbof the San Joaquin Ag
ricultural Society was a spectator at the
track to-day. The announcement was
made that Stockton would give a 2:10 trot
and a 2-15 pace.
Bookmaker Ed Wallace is in receipt of a
letter from St. Louis, which states that
Bookmaker Johnny Coleman and the
yuinn brothers are now en route to Cali
lornia.
Fred Farnsworth, the wealthy Arbuckle
rancher and turf admirer, is expected in
town to-morrow. Mr. Farnsworth was
one of toe heaviest winners at the Wil
lows meeting.
At a sale of trotting bred stock at the
track this forenoon, the pacing stallion
AJmont Patchen, with a record of 2:l5J^,
ibe sire of Laura M, 2:l3J^, Ruby Al,
I:\X%, and Prince B.smarcK, 2:19, was
secured by A. G. Burnett of San Francisco
for $80.
RACING IN THE EAST.
Winning Home* in Events at St. Louis
and Brooklyn.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Bept. 15.— Six furlongs, Ove
rella voii, Bravo second, Henry Higgins third.
Time.l:!^.
Six furlongs. Ilush won, Hessen second, Joe
O'Sot third. Time, 1:16.
Five furlongs, Belle of Killßrney won. Crato
second, Golden Rod third. Time, 1 :Q'S}4.
Mile and a sixteenth, Fred Barr won, Pepper
second, Laura Cotta third. Time, 1:50%.
Six furlongs, Aquinas won. Gath second,
Garland Bar third. Time, 1:14.
One rnilp, Mamie G won, Tim Irven second,
Jack Martin third. Time, 1:4414.
BROOKLYN, N. V., Sept. 15.— Five and a
half furlongs, S\vamp Ansr»l won, rieophus
second, Cassiopeia third. Time, I:O9J^.
Mile and a sixteenth., Belmar n-im, Heliport
second, Declare third. Time, 1:50.
Six furlongs, Harry Eeed won, Zanone sec
ond, Rubicon third. Time, 1:14.
Ouemile, Torn Cromwell won. Cassette sec
ond, Mad;;e D tnlrd. Time, 1:43 U.
Five furlongs, Set Fast won, Emily Hender
son second, Maud Adams third. Time, l; 05%.
Six furonßS, Brnnaywine won, Tragedian
second, Kennel third. Time, I:ls}^.
FOOTBALL AT STANFORD.
JVfitr flayer* Already Show Much Jtn- '
vrovement in 'ih*ir Work.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cau, Sept.
15. — As fast as they can be uniformed, the
football players are appearing on the grid
iron, and while most of the hew men han
dle the pigskin in a ragged manner, they
work with so much interest and conscien
ciousnes3 that they are already showing
improvement. Several of the old varsity
and second eleven men have not yet come
out for proctice because suits cannot be
supplied as fast as needed. There are
already some thirty-five suits out, but at
least fifty or sixty men want football para
pharnalia, from the- noseguard to ankle
supports. The management promises to
get everything needed as fast as possible.
| The proximity of inter-class games now is
makine all football player.i unusually
anxious to get out. The games are billed
to come off on the 19th, 23d and 26th inst.
The new gridiron has just been put into
shape and a light practice game will be
played on it to-morrow, though for two
[ nights past the players have been at work
upon it. The new field has been plowed,
harrowed, covered with straw to give it
| the proper spring and again harrowed.
This, it is claimed, will prevent the men
from getting hurt through falling and
will lessen the number of slight accidents
that might otherwise occur.
Just at present there is talk of giving
the first and second elevens a few short
trips to the towns in the neighborhood.
This would increase the interest of the
players in their work on the field. Mana
ger Brown says that both teams will go to
San Jose on October 3. Other trips have
not yet been arranged.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Up to Date.
Clubs.
Won. Lost. c P e c n r L
Baltimore I 85 »5 .708
Cleveland 75 45 .625
Cincinnati. 73 48 .603
Chicago 70 56 .660
Boston.., 67 55 .648
Fittsburg. 63 67 .5.5
JCewVort 60 62 .491
Philadelphia 69 62 .487
Brooklyn 65 H7 .460
Washington. 63 t9 .434
St. Louis. 37 88 .296
I.ouisviile 34 88 .278
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 15.— The second
game of the series betweeu the Spiders and
Anson's colts was one ol the most exciting of
the season. Both teams played great Dall. and
the moon was shining when the players left
the field. Score: Clevelands 6,11, 1; Chi
cagos 6. 15, 3. Batteries— Walters and Zimmer,
Briggs and Donohue. Umpire— Emslie.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 15.— McJames 1
pitching was too much for Brooklyn to-day.
Demontreville was put out of the game in the
first inning for questioning Hurst's decision.
■\Vrigley took his place, and his play was tlie
feature of the game, aside from McJames'
pitching. Hum became ill in the third inning,
and John Heydler, a local man, held the indi
cator. Attendance 1800. Score: Washington*
4, 9, 0; Brooklyns 1, 6, O. Batteries— McJames
and McUuire, Daub and Grim. Umpire-
Hurst.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Sept 15— To-day's game
ended the baseball season in Louisville, and
it was a slugging match from start to finish.
Herman and Donohue were both knocked out
of the box. Louisvihe won by hitting the ball
at the right time. Attendance 800. Score:
Louisville*, 14, 16, 6; St. Louis, 12. 10, 2. Bat
teries — Frszer, Herman and Dexter; Donohue,
Kissinger and Murphy. Umpire— Lally.
PITTSBURG. Pa., Sept. 15.— The Pittsburg
Cincinnati fame was postponed: wet grounds-
BALTIMORE, MD.,Sept. 15.— The Baltimore
Boston game was postponed; rain.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 15.— New York-
Philadelphia game postponed; rain.
Alert* Hin at risalin.
VISALIA, Cal., Sept. 15.— Visalians re
gret the defeat of the local Examiner nine
by the Alameda Alerts, and give as tl c
cause Umpire Lowry's decision. In the
fifth inning, the crowd made a rush over
the ropes, with the intention of enforcing
its demand for a change of umpires. After
a consultation Lowry was removed and
the game was finished. The Alerts won
by a score of 11 to 2.
THE SAN JOSE TRAGEDY.
Witnesses Describe the Murder
of Crosetti and Miss
Feilner.
The Girl Was Slaia After Rebuking
Allenier for Persecut
ing Her.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 15.— The taking of
testimony in the tiial of Harvey Allender
for the murder of Miss Walburga Feiln^ r on
August 9 began this morning befcie Judj;e
Lorigan. On the day in question Allen
der met Mi>s Feilnerand Venanz Crosetti.
to whom the girl was enpased, and shot
and killed them both. Jealousy is sup
posed to have been the cause of the mur
oer. The courtroom was packed with
spectators all day, a large part of whom
were ladies. F;ve eye-witnesses to the
shooting were examined.
E. D. Stewart, a young man residing at
145 North Fifth street" was the first wit
ness put on by the prosecution. He said
he was at the Empire engine-house, just
across the street, when the shooting oc
curred. He saw Miss Feilnerand Venanz
Crosetti standing on the east sidewalk of
Third street, diagonally across from the
Empire engine-house. The defendant was
behind them. He saw the girl shake her
finger at the defendant and heard them
talking, but. did not know what was said.
She turned away as she withdrew her
hand from in front of defendant's face.
Allender then shot her. She reeled and
in a moment fell a few feet from where
she stood when shot. Crosetti grabbed at
Allender's hands. There was a brief
tussle and Allender shot him. He ran
across the street toward tue engine-hous-e.
The witness saw Allender draw the re
volver from his hip pocket.
John Kent, a fireman, told practically
the same story. He heard the three talk
ing and heara the girl say something in
broken English and German, but didnot
understand what was ?a^d. She took her
hand down after shaking her finger in All
ender's face. Then he saw Allender draw
the revolver, heard the girl scream and
saw and heard the shot.
D. W. Herrington, Mrs. A. Love and
other eye-witnesses toid practically the
same story.
The prosecution will finish its case to
morrow night.
Aot th* Campbell Murderer.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 15.-Sheriff
Lyndon to-day received two pictures of
Michael D. Henry, the man who was ar
rested by the Ouray (Colo .) authorities
last Friday on suspicion of being James C.
Dunham., There is no resemblance in the
photographs to the Campbell murderer,
and the man is evidently several years
older iliau Daubaw.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1896.
HYMNS AWAKEN
DEL MAR ECHOES
Catholic Ladies' Aid Society
Grand Council in
Session.
HIGH MASS CELEBRATED
From Far- Away Paris Grand
President Deane Sends
Greeting.
HER RESIGNATION REJECTED.
Retained at the Head of the Order
Though in Europe — Charity
Work ot a Year.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept. 15.— The
ninth grand council of the Cath,olic Ladies'
Aid Society opened at Del Mar at 9 o'clock
this morning. High mass was celebrated
by Rev. Father McNamee, pastor of Santa
Cruz, assisted by Rev. Father Nugent of
St. Brendan's, San Francisco. Werner's
"Kyrie," Concone's "Sanctus" and "Ag
nus Dei" and the hymns "Veni Jesu" and
Aye Marie Stella" were sung by a choir
consisting of the following members of the
Catnolic Lariies' Aid Society: E. J. Brien,
J. J. Gonzalez, Emma Russell. Rose de la
Hautiere, J. W. Shanahan of San Fran
cisco, and Miss Mary Eden of San Rafael.
Following the mass, Rev. Father Mc-
Namee delivered the inaugnral address
upon charity and the work of the Catholic
Ladies' Aid Society during the past nine
years.
Father Nugent dwelt upon the need of
unity and congratulated the society upon
its high efficiency and practical demon
strations of its utility. In the absence of
Mrs. Margaret Deane, grand president, Mrs.
J. G. Cooney of Santa Ciuz, grand senior
vice-president, presided. Miss Emma
Russell of San Francisco was appointed
grand marshal and Mrs. Jennie Downey
of San Francisco grand sentinel. The re
port of Mrs. B. Loagies of Stockton, Miss
Regan of Santa Cruz and Mrs. H. Molloy
of San Francisco as a credential commit
tee was adopted. Mrs. J. W. Shanahan
was appointed official reporter.
The annual report of the grand presi
dent of the council, who had written from
Varis, was read. The document was very
exhaustive aDd betrayed ibe truest
womanly desire for the efficiency of the
council. She wrote:
Dear Sisters and Friends: My sincere
prayera are with you for a kuccessiul council.
I trust all changes, amendments and additions
to the constitution, ritual and by-laws will be
closely considered, carc-fullv discussed and
cautiously adopted to God's honor and glory,
and our peace and happiness and the increased
urosperity of our society. I ofler you special
remarks resi>ectint; local branches, and while
not wishing red-tapeism, I tru^t proper parlia
mentary procedure will always receive most
careful atttntion.
Let the work of relief and distribution be
chared equally among the sifters even as our
dear Lord distributed the work and tlie honors
among his disciules. After you have used the
greatest care in the selection of your officers,
be loyal to them, support them in their direc
tions by your unity and harmony. Remember
honest criticism is truly beneficial.
I heartily approve the course of Pioneer
Brancn No. 1 of Oakland in establishing a lec
ture bureau. I hope to see this extended
through our State. The organization of a
Catholic Young Women's Hume is one much
favored by his Grace, our honored and be
loved Archbishop, and he will heartily join in
your efforts to establish the same.
And now, dear sisters, as to Del Mar, like the
man who had a wife of whom he never spoke,
remarking occasionally "She speaks for her
seli," I can truly say Del Mar speaks for ilself.
To you all, dear sifters In Christ, and to all
who lore Del Mar a« I do, my desire and aspira
tions for Del Mar and its success are an old
and oft-repeated story. I urge upon you active
exertion to support the Cathoac Ladies' Aid
Society in its efforts to aid the board of trus
tees in their efforts to sustain Del M*r.
The society owes much, it is hard to say how
'much, to the manager of Del Mar, Miss Hilary,
for her honesty, industry, energy, economy
and unflagging efforts for our cause, as also
Miss Katie Earle, her aid. Our good friends,
Mr. and Mrs. Judge Lngan of Santa Cruz, and
the pastor of Santa Cruz, Father McNamee,
hold especially a warm corner in my heart lv
Paris and in your love in tar-away California.
Mny peace, health, happiness and prospsrity
be yours. May God's divine blessing rest over
you and his grace within you. Do not foruet
me in your prayers. Yours, lovingly.
Margaret Dkane,
Grand President Catholic Ladies' Aid Society.
This report was enthusiastically re
ceived and was adopted at once and
ordered published. The resignation of
Grand President Deane was incorporated
in the report, but the council declined to
accept it, and although she is in Paris she
will still be kept in her hign office by her
sisters of the society.
The grand secretary, Miss Margaret
Curtis of Oakland, read her report stating
that two new branches— tne Old Cathedral
of San Francisco, No. 25, organized by
Mrs. J. W. Shanahan, and No. 26 of
Lompoc, organized by Mrs. M. F. Dorsey
of San Luis Obispo— had been admitted.
Tne report showed that the active mem
bership was 715: honorary, 646; contribu
tory, 364; total, 1473. Total expended for
relief $11,865 40, as foilows: Cash j
$3864 35; provisions, $6136 45; fuel, !
$416 50; medicine, $196 05; new clothing, !
$988 70; visits to needy, 3175; visits to I
sick, 2888; physicians* visits, 488; children
found homes, 41; aged persons found
homes, 30; individuals assisted, 3196;
families assisted, 1934; number in those
fumilies. 5440; persons furnished employ
ment, 855; pieces of clothing distributed,
9347; visits to almshouse, 150; visits to
hospitals, 212.
The weather is most pleasant. A strong
delegation is present here from San Fran
cisco and Oakland. The floral decorations
of the assembly hall of Hotel del Mar are
artistic, the president's seat being amid a
mass of jessamine and drajed with the
silken banner of Council No. 12, Young
Men's Institute of Santa Cruz.
TUBA COUNTY'S QUEER SUIT.
Prevent* a . Supervisor Mm Elrcling
Himself to a Shrievalty.
'■ MARYbVILLE, Cal., Sept. 15—Injunc
tion proceedings were commenced on
Thursday last against W. B. Atkinson,
chairman of the Board of Supervisors, to
prevent him from voting for himself in
the election of a Sheriff to succeed the late
8. E. Inlow. The restraining order sum
moned him to appear in court to-aay to
show cause why the injunction should not
be made permanent. Eastern decisions
are against him, and the court declared it
will be a void act for him to vote for him
self. There are five members in the board,
two of whom favor Atkinson and two Lee
Inlow, a son of the deceased Sheriff of
Yuba County. Atkinson had the deciding
vote, which he sou /lit to cast for himself.
His next move will probably be to resign
and have the Governor appoint a suc
cessor favorable to him.
Stanford Snphomorrs Elect Offieera,
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
15. — The sophomore class, at a meeting
tuis afternoon, elected the following offi
cers for the semester: President, R. W'.l
bur; vice-president, Bartholemew; sec
ond Yice-preuiaeut, Lrudley; uecretary,
Schwartz; corresponding secretary. Miss
McMillan; sergenm-at-arms, Sharp; foot
ball manager. Gregory; track manager,
Brunton; baseball manager, Freeman;
class council— Bradley. L. A. Leiier, Elias,
Filcher, Oyeracker and Hatch. It was de
cided to give a reception to the freshman
clas» and Bartholomew was appointed
chairman of the committee of arrange
ments.
J.os Anr/elei Suspect Arraigned.
LOB ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 15.— John
McCarthy, the alleged bant robber, was
arraigned this morning. He made a state
ment to the court to the effect that the
confession said to have been made to Cap
tain Lees in San Francisco was a bogus
one in toto and that lie had nothing to
confess, as he was not connected with the
attemrt to rob the First National Bank of
this city in any way. He was held and
his examination set for the 17th inst., with
bail placed at $5000.
Stanford* Jtif/tstration.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
15. — The registration has now reached 940
and will probably pass the 1000 mark dur
ing the month. This is considerably in
excess* of the enroUment of last year at
the same date. There is no doubt that
Stanford will not have room enough for
all applicants of the present college year,
judging from the numbers arriving
every day.
Jinntt Election Called.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 15.— The City
Council has called an election for Satur
day, October 31, for the purpose of submit
ting to the voters the question of issuing
$115,000 wortn of bonds for the building of
a new high school building and complet
ing the main sewer. The high school
building will cost $75,000. Tne bonds are
to bear 4% per cent interest. On the fol
lowine Monday, November 2, there will ba
another ©lection to select fifteen freehold
ers to draft a new charter.
Fttneral of Ascencia Gnrcln.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 15.— Ascencia
Garcia, one of the oldest residents of this
city, was buried this afternoon in Calvary
Cemetery. Garcia was born in this city in
1835, and spent his entire life here. A sis
ter and a brother survive him.
Rail fatality "t Kent.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 15.— E. M.
Gray, a Northern Pacific freight con
ductor, was killed in a railway accident at
Kent this afternoon. He was 40 years old,
married and resided at Tacoma.
Alaska Mine Bonded.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Sept. 15.— Judge H.
G. Bond of this city has bonded the
"Cordwood Jim" mines, adioiuing the
great Trtadweil property on Douglas Isl
and, Alaska, for $130,000.
Death Striken iv Mento Park.
MENLO PARK, Cal., Sept. 15.— Charles
W. Coaxen, a local saloon-keeper, died
suddenly this afternoon of Bright's dis
ease.
FIESTA OF AGUA DULCE.
Miners, Mexicans and Indians
Join in a Carnival of
Sport.
Races, Wrestling, Shooting Matches
and Queer Dances to Amuse
the Spectators.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., Sept. 15.— An Indian
runner of the Cocopah tribe arrived at
Campo this evening with letters from the
miners at Aqua Dulce and Jacalitos, ask
ing everybody along the border to go
down to Aqua Dulce aud join in the fiesta,
which began to-night and wiil last
through the week. The Cocopah, who
bears the euphonious name of Red Beans,
and who is famous as a runner, says that
all the Cocopah Indians from the Colorado
River and mountains have gathered at
Aqua Dulce and have a camp numbering
several hundred bucks. They took all
their best horses there and are getting
ready to bet everything tbey have on
races.
Running races for long distances be
tween Indians wili be on<s of the sports.
Red Beans and Steps on His Shirt, both of
the same tribe, have tested their powers
many times and seem to be perfectly
matched. They will run with a missive
to Governor Sangines at Ensenada, forty
miles from Aqua Dulce. and return. Red
Beans says ho can make the ninety miles
between suns.
The Mexican ranchers for mil^s around
have trotted out their funcy stock and will
put it up against the hardy mustangs of
the Indians. The miners have organized
a social club, and tb» belles of the Coco
pahs and Santa Catarina tribes and Mexi
can settlements will be treated to a genu
ine cotillon by the scions of Eastern aris
tocracy who have drifted out into the
camps.
General Isidore CanaJo, chief of all the
Indians in the peninsula, with headquar
ters in Santa Catarina, has moved his
whole establishment to Aeua Dulce to
enjoy the fiesta to its fullest. He has over
fifty braves in his own immediate family,
all stalwart fellows, good runners, expert
deer-slayers and poor woodchoppers.
They have taken their dancing dress to
the gathering of the clans, and will treat
their white and dusky neighbors to sev
eral dances, the most interesting being
the turtle dance, which seems to be pe
culiar to them.
In Santa Catarina Valley, near General
j Isidore's canap, is a huge stone turtle,
I seeming to be of natural formation. The
j Indians have woven many legends about
it, including a story that the bad spirit
has a passage-way under the turtle lead
ing to the infernal regions. They say the
turtle moves at certain seasons of the year.
Their dance is calculated to scare the
devil, and it is always successful.
Shooting-matches with revolvers by ex
pert miners and Mexicans, knife-throwing
contents, chicken pulling, bareback rac
ing, dancing, feasting and all-round gayety
will fill the weeK.
The mtscal venders in the camp expect
to settle the financial question without
difficulty through increased patronage.
Saniago Verdugo and Timoteo Velasco,
wrestlers, have gone over from Sangre de
Cristo to show their skill. Both are fat.
like Japanese wrestlers, but are said to be
wonderfully active. .
The celebration to-morrow at Ensenada
of Mexican Independence day promises to
be very successful. Quite a large party of
excursionists went down to-night by
steamer to witness the festivities.
Nnv*alito Jury Disagree.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Sept. 15.— The case
of Max Cohon, in the employ of Harrison
& Co., charged with selling pools on a
ticket bought by Town Marshal Creed,
came up before Judge Fottrell of Mill Val
ley to-day in the town hall of Suusulito.
The jury of ten, alter brief deliberation,
voted seven for conviction and three for
acquittal. The disagreement of the jury
makes the question as to whether the pool
rooms shall remain in town or not uncer
tain.
I.n* Oliron Gold Strike.
SANTA BARBARA. Cal., Sept. 15.—
The gold-mining notices, for which there
has been such a demand during the' past
twenty-four hours, prove to be- for use in
the San Rafael Mountains, aoout nine
miles from LosOlivos, where Peter Mon
tenero, an experienced guide and moun
taineer, has discovered a-, 16-foot ; ledge of
rich gold-bearing quartz. People are rush
ing in to file claims, and 160 acres of land
is said. lo be already covered. .
END THEIR LABOR
AT PACIFIC GROVE
Conference of '96 Adjourns
and the Methodists
Depart
ASSIGNMENTS ARE MADE
Pastorates Allotted to Those Wno
Go Forth to Preach the
Word.
APPOINTMINT OF COMMITTEES.
Bishop Foss Encourages Patronage of
the University of the
Pacific.
PACIFIC GROVE. Cal., Sept. 15.— The
California Methodist Conference ad
journed sine die to-day at 12:50 o'clock,
after the reading of the appointments by
the Bishop. It was one of the most suc
cessful and spiritually udiftlnq confer
ences ever held here.
At the morning session Dr. H. C. Ben
son presided for a time. A resolution
congratulating Rev. A. H. Briggs on Ms
appointment to notable work in the Colo
raao conference was adopted. The fre
quent pentecostal services of the year and
the Christian work of Chaplains W. H.
Scott, J. H. Jtfacomber and H. H. Hall of
the United States army were indorsed.
The scheme for pooling personal expenses
to the conference by the ministers was re
ported as having worked satisfactorily.
Dr. S. J. S. Carroll indicated a willingness
to equalize salaries, but somehow the con
ference did npt seem to hear thi«.
A resolution welcoming and approving
the proposed establishment of a nigh
court ot arbitration to settle differences be
tween the Ijnited States and Great Britam
was adopted.
A report on the deaconesses and Bible
training-school showed progress, and
stated that the school was a credit to San
Francisco and second only to the Wash
ington Training-school. The school pre
pares young women as Christian workers.
Two needs were reported — money and stu
dents. Through the kindness of Captain
Goodall the school bad been able to carry
on branch work. The report was adopted,
as were resolutions indorsing and encour
aging the work. Rev. Messrs. X R.
Dille, W. W. Case and W. S. Urmy;
Messrs. Samuel Martin, William Abbott,
C. B. Perkins, and Mesdames Sims, C. B.
Perkins and Louise M. Carver were ap
pointed 4 training-school committee. The
leader of the school, Mrs. Benson, was
heartily commended by the conference.
It was stated that the services of the
deaconesses would be distributed
throughout the conference — in the moun
tain districts as well as in the city. Mrs.
Benson was called upon. The said that
girls who studied outside the training
school might be eligible, but she did not
recommend it. She said: "There is a
need now to train girls for evangelists."
It was voted to take a collection in each
charge during the year for deaconesses'
work.
Resolutions thanking M. D. Buck for
his services as conference secretary for six
years and welcoming John P. Newman as
the resident Bishop of the Pacific Coast
were adopted.
The following conference board of exam
iners to examine candidates for the minis
try and do other work was appointed by
Bishop Foss: Rev. Messrs. J. N. Beard,
F. D. Bovard, H. B. HeacocK, E. P. Den
nett, W. 8. Urmy, D. W. Chilson, W. D.
Crabb, S. H. Rhoads, W. M. Woodward,
T. H. Woodward, Robert Bentley, M. D.
Buck, Alfred Kummer, C. H. Beechuood,
E. D. McCreary. M. H. Alexander, R. E.
Wenk, J. J. N. Williams, A. J. Nelson and
W. W. Case.
Bishop Foss announced the transfer to
the conference of Rev. J. W. Phelps from
the Southern California Conference, to
take the place of Dr. Goodwin of Califor
nia-street church of San Francisco.
The committee on education renomi
nated Rev. Messrs. Copeland. Winning and
G. W. Beatty as conference visitors to the
University of the Pacific. President Mc-
Clish of the university addressed the con
ference. Six young Japanese ministers
were introduced to the conference by Rev.
M. C. Harris. Bishop Foss made a brief
speech, encouraging patronage of the
university.
T. c committee on Indian missions re
ported a progressive -work during the year.
The committee on home missionary soci
eties reported $5000 collections during the
year. The auditing committee in its re
port stated that the endowment fund of
the University of the Pacific amounted to
$32,250, well invested.
The following committees were ap
pointed:
On international comity— Nnpa district E
P. Dennett; Oakland district. E. D. McCrenry'
Sacramento district, Thomas Filben; San
Francisco, W. D. Crabb; at large, J. D. Ham
mond.
On Epworth League— L. J. Norton, Mary
Dlckson, Harry Buck, C. K. Jenness, Henry
Turner ana I. H. N. Williams, secretary.
Board of church extension— President, E. R.
Dille; viei -president, I. J. Truman; secretary
C. B. Perkins; treasurer. William Abbott; ad
ditional members: W. 8. Urnuy, F. D. Bovard
Robert Bentley, W. W. Case, . C. A. Maydwell!
W. Holcombe and ex-officio presiding elders '
District boards .of church location: Nairn
district— G. Gale, presiding elder: E. P Den
nett, C. H. B-echgcod, W. R. Ve«le and W. R
Lain. Oakland district-John Kirby. presid
ing, elder; E. D. McCreary, Alfred Xummer
Joseph Forderer and J. W. Kin.-ey. Sacra
mento; district- A. T. Needham, presiding
elder; Tnomas Filben, E. R. Willis, Oeome D
Kelloeg and Harry Nauman. San Francisco
district-John Coyle, presiding elder; Charles
Goodall, R. V. Watt, F. F. Jewell and M. F. Col
burn., *
Conference Missionery Society— President.
F. J. Masters; vice-president. Wesley Den
th,!; Be sft£ tary> H. B. Peacock; treasurer,
Thomas Hlben ; managers-L J. Trumau, Peter
Bolil and William Johns. v. '•
Board of deaconesses— Alfred 1 Knininer. A
H. Samuel Martin, Mrs. S. E. Holden,
Mrs. Robert x$ IC £ lellan ' Mrs. Robert McElroy
ana Rev. C. W. Kinsey. .
Triers of appeals— H. c Benson, Georsie Ctit
v rl J wm f 8 " 0 1 , 8 -, 11 ' Rhoa(ls ' A. J. Nelson.
is. R. \\ illis and Alfred Kummer.
Resolutions of appreciation of the ser
vices of J. N. Beard as president of Napa
College; thanking transportation compa
nies and the Pacific Improvement Com
pany lor reduced rates and accommoda
tions; thanking Bishop .Foss for his
agreeableness and efficiency as a presiding
officer and for his sermon last Sunday
morning; thanking the daily newspapers
for their reports of the ' conference pro
ceedings, and a resolution welcoming Rev.
F. F. Jewell, late chancellor of the Uni
versity of the Pacific, back into the active
ministry, were adopted. A resolution was
offered indorsing woman's suffrage, , but
was withdrawn, owing to the conference's
expressed disinclination to " mix up with
tilings political. ; ;
, The Bishop then read the following ap
pointments, say in c tnat be and the cabi
net had done their best to suit all. but he
was aware that there would be some un
avoidable disappointments:
.- San Francisco Presiding elder.John
Coyle; Berryessa, J. J M. Campbell; William
Auswio; Coileso full, I. B. Hopkins; Emaatt
and Morean Hill, L. P. Walker; Gilroy, W. D.
Crabb; Half Moon Bay, W. A. Johns; ribllister,
\V. M. Woodward; Lorenzo, to be supplied;
Los Gatos, Wesley Dennet; Mayiieid, to b«
supplied; Xew Alma-Jen, J. J. Peters; Piicinc
Grove, A. P. Needham, Palo Alto, L. M. Bur
weil; Pescadero, to be supplied; Redwood
City, E. B. Winnine; Salinas, J. W. Bryant;
SHn Francisco — California-street, J. W.
Phelps; Central, E. R. Dilie; Epworth, F.
K. Baker; Fifteenth avenue, G. K. Stanley;
First Cr-urch, M. F. Colburn; Howard street,
W. W. Case: Potrero, D. M. Chibon; Simpson
Memorial, John Stephens; Trinity, F. Jewell;
San Jose— Bou man Church, W. P. Prlddv; Cen
tella, J. N. Beard; First church, R. S. Cantine;
San Jose circuit— W. A. Kennedy ; Santn Clara, 1
H B. Heacock; San Mateo, C. H. Kirkbride;
Santa Cruz. H. F. Briggs; Saratoga and Alma,
to be supplied ; Soquei aud Valencia, to be sup
plied; Watsonville, C. E, Pettis; Willow Creek
circuit, to be supplied; Birmingham professor
of theology in Centre! Tennessee College. Eli
McClish; president, M. ti. Cross; dean of the
University of the Pacific, ». C. Sawyer; pro- j
lessors in Boys' School, Belmont, H. H. Hall j
and W H. Scott; chaplain in United States
army, Charles McKeivey; supfrii.\end«nt of
Old People's Home, San Francisco, Walter
Merritt. J. F. Jenness, E.« H. McKay, James
Whitaker, Harry Milnes and W. S. Bovard
were 'eft without appointment to attend to
some of the M. E. schools; M. C. Briggs, field
secretary California State Sabbath A6socia-
Sacramento District— A. T. Needham, pre
siding elder; Auburn, eeneca Jones; Biggs,
supplied by J. W. Hinds; ( hico, C. K. Je?ness;
Colfax, Esdras Smith; Courtlaud, supplied by
W.H.Johnston; Downieviile. C. F. Withrow;
Duiißmuir and Sisson, H. C. Laugley; Dutch
Flat, supplied by W. S. Withrow; I£l Dorado,
to be supplied; Edsewood, to be supplied;
Elk Grove, H. E. Duncan; Florin, H. P.
Sheldon; Folsom and Orangeville, sup
plied by Fred Sheldon; Forest Hill, to be
supplied; Fort Jones, C. E. Winning;
forbestown, F. A. Keast; Georgetown,
supplied by T. Murrish; Grass Valley, E.
R. Willis; Hart, Joseph Long: Honcut, Frank
Hinson; Indian Springs, supplied by W. K.
Golden; Marysville, Thomas Filben; Montague
circuit, supplied by J. W. Pendleton; Nevada
City, W. C. Gray; New Castle, G. M. Richmond:
Nord, D. T. Monroe; North Bioomrield, to be
supplied; North Shu Juan, J. W. Kuykendall;
Oak Park, F. A. Morrell; Olinda and Enter
prise, A. L. Walker; Aphire and Penryn,
Thomas Leak; Orland, supplied by J.
E. Kay; Placerville, J. B. Rutter; Pleas
ant Grove and Sheridan, Jolin Wil
liams; Red Bluff, J. Van Anda; Red Bluff cir
cuit, to be supplied; Redding, j. E. Wright;
Roseville and Rocklaud, J. R. Watson ; Round
Mountain, iupplied by G. C. Graham; Sacra
mento, Central, J. L, Treftrn; 6*cramento,
Sixtn-street, M. D. Buck; Sutter City, E. A.
Winning; Uncle Sam Mine, to be supplied;
Weaverviile, supplied by G. S. Walter; Wil
liams and Denuigan, H. W. Baker; Yreka, R.
E. Wenk; Yuba City, J. W. Buxton; John
chisholm, moral instructor in Folaoia State
Prison.
Oakland Di3trict— Presiding elder, John
Kirby; Alameda, First Church, F. B. Bovard;
Alameda, Santa Clara avenue, C. E. Rich;
Amador. J. F. Murrish; Angels Camp, J. E.
Henderson; Antioch, J. 8. Smith; Atlanta, H.
L. Gregory; Berkeley, Trinity, Robert Bent
lev; BrentwooJ, W. S. Kelly; Byron, A. S.Gib
bone; Coulterville, to be supplied; Farming
ton, T. B. Palmer; Fruitvale (Dimon), C. G.
Milnes; Hay wards, W. R. Gober; lone, A. J.
Nelson; Jackson, George Clifford: Knights
Ferry and Coulterville, to be supplied ; Linden,
James Jeffrey ; Li vermore, M. H. Alexander:
Lockeford, Leon Swing: Lodi, Lurenzo Feller*;
Martinez. Solomon Kin.-ey; Modesto, J.
H. K. Williams; Modesto circuii, William
Burchett; Newman, S. E. Crowe; Oakdale;
Hugh Copeiand; Oaslaud, Chester street, G.
W. Beatty ; Eighth avenue, 8. J. Carroll; First
Church, Alfred Kummer; Golden Gate, J. R.
Wolie; Thirty-fourth street. G. H. Jones;
Twenty-fourth avenue, T. S. Wallls; Sbattuck
avenue and West Berkeley, Henry Pearce. and
one to be supplied; Pine Grove, to be supplied;
Pleasanton and Sau Ramon, E. J. Wilson;
Plymouth, Robertson Burley; San Leandro,
J. B. Chenowetu; Sonora, W« G. Cur
now; tioulsbyviile, O. M. Hester;
Stockton Central, E. D. McCreary;
Clay street, J. W. Ross; Sutter street,
W. P. Grant: Tracy, E. M. Hill; Warlock, to
be supplied; West Point, to be supplied. John
Thompson, district superintendent of Ameri
can Bible Society, member of the Oakland
First Church Quarterly Conference; J. H.
Wythe, pro essor of bioioey aud mvroscopy in
Cooper Medical College, Oakland First Church
Quarterly Conference; Ross Tayior, editor of
Illustrated Africa, member of Alameda First
Church Quarterly Conlerence; A. N. Fisher,
editor of Pacific Christian Advocate, Portland,
Or., member of Oakland First Church Quar
terly Conference; J. D. Hammond, agent of
Book Depository, Ssn Francisco, member of
Berkeley Quarterly Conference.
Napa District, Presiding elder. S. G. Gale;
Anderson Valley (Boon;-sville),W.G. Trudgeon:
Arcata, Aquiin Holbrook; Beaicia. to he sup
plied by D. S. Ulrich; Bloomfield, William Mar
shall; Cloverdale, J. H. Jonus; Crescent City,
C. K. McCoy; Dixon, G. 0. Ash; Eureka, J. A.
Macaully; Fatrfield. R. H. Rhoads; Ferndale,
Richard Rodda; Koriuna, F. W. Lloyd; Green
Valley (Peachland), H.C.Tailman ; Guerneville,
L.W. Simmons ; Healdsbursf , G. M. Meeze ; Lower
Lake, G. W. Beatty ; Madison and Guinda to be
supplied ; Manchester and Navarro, C. fc\
McXeill; Middletown, F. R.Walton; Napa. C.
H. Beechgood; Occidental, E. A. Wible;
Olema, to be supplied; Petaluma, T. H. Wood
ward; Pope Valley (Middletown), to be sup
plied; Roh:ierville, C. E. Irons; Round Valley
and Indian Mission, to bo supplied; St. Helena
and Calistoga, J. H. Wythe Jr.; San Rafael, H.
J. Windsor; Santa Rosa, E. P. Dennett; Sebas
topol, Jeremiah Bolster; Smitii River, to be
supplied; Sonoma, to be supplied by O. E.
Hottlle.
Company B Elects Officers.
SAN JOSE, Cal., S?pt. 15.— Company B,
Fifth Regiment, N. G. C, has elected the
following officers for the ensuing two
years: Captain, H. L. Partridge; first
lieutenant, J. J. Adel; second lieutenant,
T. W. Searle.
ronroTrbTryybTroTrb"Y^ffy^
I MADE MAN!
£ .■ .'■■./ ' ' ■ ' '■'■ " ; ' - .. 3
£ WEAK aa tnnv a * k /vn^^ . Quranic Weakness. Impotenev. with all 2
V> ** ;p?i, t V ?JZ? 1, y u** °? k> & train of miserable foreboding, doubt. 3
1° WFAK a <?reat bI S blt °* a disability, fear« and embarrassment, de- 5
jo » » «-.*-wv man can be made of moralizes a man; he loses dignity, be- ' ©
?° \A/F? you by the comes despondent, sometimes think* of 3
>o »» Lf/AlV committing suicide, sees nothing to live 3
<° W/C A L 7 " PDriT UlinVllI (or, and feels generally discontented with 3
g WEAK 6BEAT HUDYAN. :^^g^sskas^4 3
C. ■■>■>>» married or sinjrle, no matter how In- 3
£ IA/UV 0 duoed, can be cured. 3
C If ll I ■ The great remedy— HUDYAN. ©
£ ■ CIRCULARS FREE. <»
G Hudyan is * remedy treatment YOUNG MEN who aw troubled with Z
Jo that ftas been tried by thousands and dreams and drains, which sooner or later »
» thousands of enfeebled men, and exhaust vitality and result in nervous de- o
g these men have all in time been billty or other serious conditions, should o
£ made wholly wol£and strong. Use THE 0REaT HUDYAN. %
I HODYAN CORES T A mTED R V L ooD. 1
C Lost Manhood, Nervous Debility ta'Nted BT oot) First, necondary 3
>o Twitchings or the Eyes and other >r ATNTKn blood « P nt5, Itching 3
>° parts. TAmTEn hlood pvin, Irritated. 3
)° • TAINT' n Btnon Dry. Parched 3
)o TAtSTED BT.OOD Throat, XTlrers in 3
?° W ¥ W Trv\r A m. T TAIvtkt> Kt-OOwh? Mouth, Falline a
C II ■ V A iXI TAlXTEDBtOOTtH,!, an^ Bad o.
P 1 1 LJ 1^ ll /\l^ TAINT n BLOOD Blood. When in c
>° ' TUNTFT) R' oom thin condition vou o
1° STOPS EIWI^^IHMQ TAIVTKD PtOOD must act prompt- o
U O 1 .^I-O ClVHOaiUIM^, T«mK'> BT.OO»> lv The to do «
1° ...77~... tainted BIOOD is the sure 30-day 3
I! CIRCULARS FREE. 'I SiSSS fS. 0 -"' "'" s |
Jo . . ; • ........'. °
§ " ""— ■."■"": ! 30-Day Care Circulars. ■ I i
C MUDYAN i* Just what is : V : o
needed in your case. You should tttinnnii tir-nTTT. ....T^nrf °
| lf^A^ re cVi?^wH^ 1 * 3 HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, :
G HUDYAN. Call FREE. Stockton anfl_Market St.. / „
CIRCULARS FREE. Stockton ana_Market SU. «
£ Thousands of the busy, brainy, thinking HUOYAN Makes Man. o
Jo classes of Americnnrnen exhaust them- * •«•»." a
Vo selves long before they h«v« reached CIRCULARS FREE. "
G Me*S mt0beth0age0fLife 8G0ldea BT-OOD ANn SKIN _ and akla I
G Thousands of other, have burned the 5!*° ££!• Blood Pois^<, Syphilis, aflectiug «
G randle nt both ends, so to spealr, indulged the 7 l Th . ro V; S4m !,V a Bo " es = Ma- ©
G In excesses during youth, and after mar- ??" , Patches, in Mouth. Ulcers, Tnrnors, o
£ ri«ee, perhaps, now realize the inevitable l n < i. r ,7 n^I ow ' etc v-1 cien ll fic tr *. at t men t: ■ °
G remilt fruaranteed cnr^. t leerntion of LeR or o
G FewV«<rape the direful consequences of ° « h< *^ art$ * Wor ' t cases *o'.ici ted. Cor« «>
I folly. i The crop; i, sown, and far harvest efl KiIWEY a ND V/lnDFP' ™ n °
we have lack of enerey, nerve force, am- Biaddpr • xii™»n» i^V 0 , E , n« dn , * nd °
bitlon. a want of self-confidence, and feel Fr^m^nt aV^ w «' «* !i £ * Cult * To ° °
unfit for busings, society or to marry. STft-r^iiifilS'? "n't Urin ?'i io<lal1 °
The best interests of such sufferer, will rnr L n 7ir «,^i ng Urinary Passag. o{
be promoted / PRfVATK DISEASE^-V«icocele, Rnr,. 3
Using the great remedy treat- t t^ ei i4™^ e f^ al( ?, ing^? rI i: ln e- *«•«! o
ment— HlinVAN inK. "equcntl-rnation. D'scharsres, l rr l- ■ ©
HUDYAN cares prematureness tat!ot>, etc., radically cured; ■ nnfaUlmr «>
HUOYAN cures prematureness method. Koknife.no pain. — ~7 * o
i.i 20 davs. rheysucce*«fuUy treat all Chronic, Ner- o<
- CIRCULARS FREE- antoe a cure in every case accepted. . o
„ HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE I
STOCKTON AND MARKET STREETS. ....J. \- 3
BATTLE FOUGHT
AT LAS POLOMAS
Bandits Attack the Custom-
House and Two Are
Slain.
SEVEN HOURS' COMBAT.
Two Mexican Defenders Fatally
and Several Slightly
Wounded..
HAIDERS FORCED TO RETREAT.
Governor Ahumada of Chihuahua
Dispatches Troops in Their
Fursuit.
SILVER CITY, N. Mex., Sept,
cial advices received to-day by the Mexi
can Consul at Deming, N. Mex., from
Mexican Custom-house officers at Las Pol
omas, give particulars of araid'upon the
Custom-house there yesterday by a band
of armed men, composed oi Toraachic In
dians, Mexicans and three or four white
men, numbering about fifty in all.
The bandits were resisted by the Custom
house officers and guards, the battle last
ing for seven, hours. Two of the bandits
were killed, two of the Mexican Custom
employes were mortally wounded and
several slightly wounded.
The bandits were finally driven off, and
retreated across the line into Mexico. Last
night they encamped in Florida Moun
tains, about ninety strong. Governor Ahu
mada of Chihuahua has. troops en route
for Las Palomas.
The white men in the gang are supposed
to be leaders of the border bandits recently
chased by United States marshals and
troops. Robbery is supposed to have been
the motive, alt tiough it is claimed tbat it
is a result of the border agitation by sup
porters of Santa Teresa. The Custom
house forces numbered twenty-five men.
SEATTLE GIRL'S PLAINT.
Nina Foley Persecuted by a Portland Ad-
venturess Who Claims fo Be
Her Mother.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 15.— Nina Foley.
a 16-year-old girl, earning her own living
in Seattle, who supposed her parents to
have been dead, is being persecuted by an
adventurous person here claiming to be
her mother. Recently a woman giving
her name as Mrs. John Caldwell called on
Nina and told the girl that she was her
long-lost and repentant mother. Mrs.
Caldwell sobbed a little for effect, and told
the girl that she would take her to Juneau.
Then Nina's mother introduced to her the
"diamond king" of Alaska," and told her
that this king was able to buy her pretty
dresses and give her diamonds by the
panful.
Instantly Nina divined what her snp
posed mother had In view. She applied
to the courts for protection, and asked to
have a guardian appointed, so that Mrs.
Calflwell, Mrs. Turner, Mrs. Foley, Mrs.
Ford and Mrs. Scott — the one and the
same — couid not control her against her
will.
In the examination in court Mrs. Cald
weil stated from the witness-stand that
Nina, "her daughter," was the child of
Hotel-keeper C. C. Scott, the proprietor of
the Oilman in Portland, in its day one of
best hotels in the Northwest. Scott, eight
years ago. committed suicide by jumping
from a fifth-story window to the pave
ment.
The court decided that Nina would not
have to leave Seattle with her supposed
mother.THE STABLEMAN
GETS THE WORKS
Rainey Has Junta Conven
tion Votes to Throw
at the Birds.
DR. RAGAN CHAIRMAN
A Policeman Threw Out the Only
McNab-Popper Delegate
Who Peeped.
EDDIE GRANEY BAN THINGS.
The Convention Slowly Effected Per
manent Organization, Adjourning
Until Friday.
Rainey's maiority in the Junta's muni
cipal convention, which began in Odd
Fel.'ows' Hall last night, was only 169.
C. A. Reynolds, the Rainey-Lanigan
candidate for temporary chairman, was
elected by 569 votes, to 204 for Eugene N.
Deuprey, the candidate of the combined
anti- Rainey strength, bossed by McNab
and Sullivan.
Rainey's triumph was so overwhelming
that but one anti- Raineyite peeped during
the entire evening, and he was thrown
out by a policeman.
From the time the Junta movement was
C A. Reynolds Recites Democratic
Family History.
born Gavin McNab has always been at the
front when anything was going on.
For about a year he has named chair
men and committees, and at every meet
ing of every sort Mr. McNab has occupied
a front seat, told tne chairman what to do,
bustled about steering his programme and
made speeches of force and frequency.
But nobody heard a word from Gavin
McNab last night. The time for the Junta
to really do something politically had
come, and it was not McNab'* meeting, it
was Eddie Greaney this time who hustled
about, steering the programme and telling
the chairman what to do.
McNab sat in a corner and kept still.
Chairman Sullivan called the convention
to order, iutroduced Rainey's chairman,
and then he, too, went to a corner and quit.
Max Popper, who didn't know before
hand whether Rainey was really the boss
or not, kept door at the start and then in
disgust let the "push" swarm in at its
will.
Popper got in a swipe at Rainey's chair
man with his vote once, but that was all
he bad to say.
If the vote had been close there would
have been lots of music in the air, but
Rainey's victory was so overwhelming
that the minority just gave up dazed and
quit, and the Raineyites had things their
own way so easily and completely that
they rather lost interest in the proceed
ings themselves.
But there was no bolt— not a bolt. All
those purity anti-boss lellows who ex
pected to run things themselves just took
tbeir medicine and said nothing.
The convention got no lurther than per-
These Needed No Credentials*
manent organization last night, electing
Dr. D. P. Ragan permanent chairman.
At 8:30 p. M. W. P. Sullivan, chairman
of the general and executive committees
of the organization, called the assemblage
to order and announced without remarks
that nominations for temporary chairman
were in order. _ •
AJt«r a pause Attorney Joseph E. O'Don- ,
nell rose on the floor and spoke of "a
young man well known." When he men
tioned C. A Reynolds applause came from
the Rainey-Lani»ran-anarchist element on
the floor and in the galleries
Osgood Putnam rose to put in the field
a X l?v ■ He named the candidate of the
anti-Raineyites, Eugene N. Deuorey, the
mail who ruled that tumultuous Union
Mall convention of two years ago with a
hammer, a eteel plate, a loud voice and a
programme, and who appointed the Deu
prey committee, which cave birth to the
Junta a year and a half later.
"There are issues here to-night that are
the same as those of two years ago, though
in not so aggravated a form," said Mr.
Putnam, with Rainey's work in the last
municipal convention in his mind. "We
want a man of firmness and boldness, who
will stamp out, if need be, anything that
stands behind the rail."
Sam Braunhart Rubbed More Hair
From His Head*
This covert allusion to the "gang" won
a little applause from the anti-Raineyites,
as did the mention of Deuprey's name.
On motion nominations closed and roll
call on temporary chairman was ordered.
The decisive test of the convention was
at hand, and there was an immediate ten
sion of interest as Secretary McGovern be
gan in his loud, clear voice to call the roll
of 600 names.
There was first on the roll the batch of
twenty-four names comprising the ten
delegates at large apportioned by the hat
drawing, the seven named by Chairman
Sullivan and the seven named by Secre
tary John F. McGovern. Twelve of these
votes went to Deuprey and eight, includ
ing Secretary McGovern's went to Rey
nolds.
The Twenty-eighth District, where
Rainey controlled fourteen votes and Sec
retary McGovern of the "anarchists" con
trolled the rest, cast its vote solidly for
Reynolds.
In the Twenty-ninth Samuel Brannhart
was able to throw thirty-one votes to Deu
prey, one going to Reynolds.
Tne vote of the Thirty-first displayed
Campaign Committeeman George Love in
the middle of the Rainey camp. One vote
went to Deuprey and thirty-one to Rey
nolds, giving Reynolds 112 and Deuprey
62. The Raineyites howled in joy, although
the vote was no surprise to them.
The Thirty-third, controlled by John
O'Donnell, another "anarchist." gave 32
votes to Reynolds. The victory was plain,
the gang howled and the buried minority
sighed in despair.
The Thirty-fourth, where the delegation
w is divided between Rainey and Attorney
K. L. Mann of Congressman Maguire's
office, who is interested in the Legislature,
gave one lone vote 'o Deuprey. Mann's
knife went into McNab and Sullivan.
The Thirty-fifth gave its 35 votes for
Denprey. and James Butler's friend, A. C.
Freese, was seen to be out of tho race for
the nomination for Public Administrator.
The Thirty-sixth gave 11 votes to Deu
prey and 21 to Reynolds. When Max Pop-
James Denman Also Held His
Peace in Defeat.
per's name was called he shouted: "Mr.
Chairman, I desire to vote for a man wlio
has always been a Democrat— Eugene N.
Deuprey."
Howls arose at this stab at the Rainey
candidate, and a pugnacious Raineyite
shouted, "That'B more'n you've been."
Popper's remark was based on the fact
that Reynolds was nominated for Justice
of the Peace by the Populists two ytars ago.
However, at this stage Mr. Reynolds
had 205 votes and Mr. Deuprey enjoyed
the credit of 125.
As the rollcall went on, W. P. Sullivan,
Joseph M. Nougues, A. A. Wat Kins, G.
How ard Thompson, M. Greenblatt, Charles
Wesley Reed and ex-Senator H. C. Ges
ford voted for Deuprey.
The Thirty-ninth, controlled mainly by
Rainey and comprising a minority con
trolled by Campaign Committeeman Dr.
W. J. Gavigan, who will probably be
nominated for Police Ju Ige, cave its
thirty- two votes solidly to Reynolds.
When the Forty -second' was reached
Harry K. Wi?e announced 32 votes for
Reynolds. When the vote reached 328 to
157 Osgood Putnam moved that the rollcall
be suspended and that the nomination of
Mr. Reynolds be made unan mous.
There were cries of "No, no," and dv the
voice one of the proiests came from Max
Popper.
Chairman Sullivan said that every dele
gate had a ri^ht to have his vote recorded
on every important matter.
"There are some delegates who want
their votes recorded on this issue," added
Mr. Sullivan sarcastically.
The vote was announced to be 369 for
Reynolds and 204 for Deuprey. Mr. Rey
nolds was ejscorted to thp ch&ir and Mr.
Reynolds made a speech. He gave thanks
and then replieo. to Max Popper's thrust.
His lather was of Virginia, and every Rey
nolds had always been a Democrat. His
mother was of Tennessee and of genera
tions of Democracy, "and, gentlemen of
the convention, Mr. Popper's insinuation
notwithstanding, it seems to me that I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1896.
have a right to come before this conven
tion and say that I, too, am a Democrat.
"Gentlemen of the convention, the peo
ple of San Francisco are getting tirpd of
platitudes and of promises unfulfilled.
What the people of San Francisco want is
men, and the best platform you can pro
mulgate is a ticket of honest, straightfor
ward Democrats. I want to say that I
will recognize every faction in every dis
trict in the hope that in the future all
Democrats will face one way and be no
more opposed."
John F. McGovern declined the nomina
tion for temporary secretary and J. Saul-
man was elected.
On motion of George Gallagher the
chairman named a committee on creden
tials, and it turned out as follows:
P. D. Mullaney, P. Lydon, L. J. Hurley,
Joseph Goger, Jeremiah O'Leary, John
O'Donnell, Daniel O'Caliaghan, John H.
Grady, James H. Cahill, Thomas A. King,
Joseph A. Lynch, Joseph H. Farren, Wil
liam Ackerson, John Mahoney, J. J. Mc-
Gowan, William Abbott, V. de Andreas, J.
O'Hara Cosgrave.
An almost interminable recess followed,
and when Chairman Reynolds finally
called the meeting to order the only par
ticipation of the police in the proceedings
followed.
J. P. Devereaux, sergeant-at-arms of the
State Central Committee, and a delegate
were on the platform, itching to roast the
chairman and the whole Rainey outfit.
The chairman privately told Devereanz
to take his seat with his delegation, but
Devereaux proposed to go ahead with his
roast. The crowd, however, hooted so
loudly at the kicker on the platform that
ne didn't get a chance to say anything,
and amid the hooting a policeman, sent by
a Rainey lieutenant, jumped to the plat
form and ruthlessly grabbed Devereaux
by the collar and hustled him savagely
down the steps, down the isle and out into
the night.
Devereaux has been sergeant-at-arms of
the Junta headquarters and a humble
but faithful follower of McNab and Sulli
van, who hnve bossed things up there.
Whatever the merits of the case, his igno
minious chucking out of the convention
that Sam Rainey owns was a vivid illus
tration of the revolution that has pulled
down ana set up little political kings.
The chairman appointed as sergeants-at
arms J. J. Kennedy, George Cashel, John
McGuire, Joseph Byrne, George Bocher,
Joseph Given, John Brennen, E. M.
Dwyer.
The report of the committee on creden
tials was approved and the following corn-
Gavin McNab Talked Quietly in
a Corner.
mittee on permanent organization and or
der of business was named-
William Turner. William Cullin, E. J. Far
rell, George A. Love, James Devlne. Thomas
Scully, George McCullum. P. F. Butler, T. F.
Barry, Thomas W. Burlse, A. A. Watlnns,
Henry Blaney, E. R. Rock, R. E. Lyons, J. B.
Keenan, James ireiger, J. A. Bpinetti, Gavin
McNab.
At the end of another long recess J. A.
Spinetti. chairman of the committee, read
the report, which recommended Dr. D. F.
Ragan for permanent chairman, J. Saul
man for permanent secretary and L. F.
Byington for vice-chairman. Delegates
were to meet on the 22d inst. in Senatorial
and Assembly district convention to name
candidates for the Legislature which were
to be ratified by the convention. The or
der of nominations was fixed in the usual
way.
The report was adopted by a viva voce
vote. There was no tight left in the mi
nority.
Dr. Ragan came to the front and talked
of thanks, favorable auspices, W. J. Bryan
and the fairness he would show, and ob
served in reference to the convention :
"Friction is a law of nature and necessary
to progress. The more friction the more
progress."
The Raineyites cheered bim and then
Charles Wesley Reed caused another re
cess by moving- the appointment of a
committee of eighteen on platform and
resolution. After a while Harry Wise's
motion to make it twenty-five prevailed,
and the committee was finally announced
as follows:
Dr. T. A. Rottanzi, John Mannlx. P. M. De
lanty, John Kinsella, W. T. Colbert, J. T Le
haney, Mat O'Brien, James Butler, Ed F. Ring,
W. P. .Sullivan, Hugo K. Asher, Alexander T.
Vogelsang. Isidor Jacobs, Joseph "B&rbam
Scene of Wild Democratic Enthu
siasm When Chairman Rey
nolds Was Elected*
Harry E. Wise. Samuel Pollock, Thomas Has
kins, Gavin McNab, H. C. Gesforrt J. A. Runcie
J. 8. Warden, J. L. Franklin, M. C. Hassett
Charles Wesley Reed.
By this time it was nearly midnight and
half the delegates had gone home. On
motion of Joseph E. O'Donnell the con
vention adjourned until Friday evening.
THE BUCKLEY TICKET.
Registrar Hlnton Refused to File
Certificates of Nomination.
In response to the application oi J. C.
Nealon and W. T. Hawley to have the
nominees of the Buckley Democratic con
vention placed upon the ticket, Registrar
Hinton has penned the following reply:
To Messrs. J. C. Nealon and W. T. Hawley—
Gentlemen: I received to-day a document to
which your names are attached as chairman
and secretary respectively, entitled "Certifi
cate of Nomination of Candidates for Public
Office by a Convention Representing the Dem
ocratic Party of the City and County of San
Francisco, for the Year 1896." Mr. Thomas J.
Glynn and the gentlemen presenting this
document demanded that the Registrar file
the same.
I declined to file said document, because It
does not emanate from a "convention ropre
senting a political party which at the last
election before the holding of such conven
tion polled at least 3 per cent of the entire
vote of the • • • county, city or other po
litical division for which the nomination was
made," as required by the Political Code, sec
tion L18b". Repectfully.
W. M. Hinton, Registrar.
William F. Humphrey has prepared a
writ of mandate to compel the Registrar
to file certificates of nomination, and this
will be presented to the Supreme Court
to-morrow morning.
The attorneys for Chris Buckley are W.
tr. Humphrey, P. F. Dunne, David Frieden
rich, Charles J. Heggerty and Joseph
Rothchild.
EMMA A. ASHLEY'S TRIAL
" Lucky " Baldwin's Assailant
Brought to Bar Before
Judge Bahrs.
All Day Yesterday Consumed in Ob
taining Nine Jurors to Hear
the Cas\
The trial of Emma O. Ashley, who is
charged with assault to murder £. J. Bald
win, was begun yesterday in Judge Bahrs'
court. The defendant is a sister ol Lillian
A. Ashley, who is suing Baldwin for $75,
-000 damages for reduction.
Emma Ashley during the trial of her
sister's suit against the millionaire horse
man was a constant attendant in Judge
Slack's courtroom. She was of a religious
disposition and usually sat in the rear of
the room reading her Bible and apparently
paying little attention to the evidence.
On the morning of July 2, 1896, however,
while her sister was being cross-examined,
Emma Ashley suddenly took a pistol
fiom a small hand bag and approaching
Baldwin, as he sat with his back to her,
fired at his head.
The ball barely missed its intended vic
tim and buried itself in the opposite wall.
When taken to the City Prison the
young woman seemed demented and
wanted to stop on the way and pray. She
claimed to have been commanded by God
to kill her sister's enemy, but was other
wise unconcerned at her predicament.
Emma Ashley, Lillian Ashley and a
couple of female friends sac together ali
day in the courtroom yesterday listening
to the efforts of the wrangling attorneys
to secure a jury. Despite their best efforts,
however, but nine men had been secured
when the hour of adjournment arrived.
The case goes on to-morrow.
Following are the jurors already sworn
in: A. S. Perley, N. Davidson, J. C". Burke
L. Kragen, D. Curry, D. W, Pringle, L. G.
Flanagan, W. L. Groat, C. Meir.
GAVE BOND NOT TO PAY
Device by Which Ex- Attorney
Napthaly Tricked the
Police Courts.
Would Not Be Prosecuted for Perjury,
Because the Bail Bond Was
Defective.
Police Court Attorney B. F. Napthaly
has again slipped through the meshes of
the legal net. This time he was indicted
for perjury. Judge Troutt yesterday dis
missed the charge.
Almost two years ago Napthaly had a
client named Mills, to secure whose re
lease be signed a bond, swearing that he
(Napthaly) owned $1500 worth of furni
ture in storage. As it was proven that the
statement was false, the Grand Jury in
dicted the practitioner for perjury.
\\ hen the case came up for trial in
Judge Troutt's court yesterday, the bond
that Napthaly signed was introduced in
evidence. William D. Farren, (he clerk
in Judge Lowe's court, identitiea the pa
per as the one Napthaly bad affixed his
signiture to at Farren's house. Carroll
Cook, who represented the accused, then
took all the wind out of the prosecution's
sails by announcing that the bond bound
its signer "not to pay the State of Califor
nia the sum of $500" in case Mills did not
appear for trial.
Assistant Prosecuting Attorney Hinkle
was astounded and Judge Troutt for an
instant did not know what to do. He then
asked for the document, and sure enough
there was the word "not" interlineated,
this making the bond completely inopera
tive.
As the document was defective of course
any sworn statement about it was imma
terial and the charge of perjury fell Hat.
Judge Troutt, therefore, dismissed the case.
Napthaly has been in trouble a num
ber of times, and Judge Slack disbarred
him long ago. He, however, is, for some
unknown reason, allowed to practice in
the Police Courts, with the exception of
Judge Low's department. He has no
right to do so, but an alleged political pull
is said to influence the other Judges in his
favor.
MRS. GERMAN'S DENIAL.
Says She W»« Not Married Thirteen
Times and That H«r Husband Has
Badly Mistreated Her.
Mrs. Esther German, who has been sued
for divorce by her husband and who
has been alleged by him to have been
married thirteen times, declares not only
that this but every other allegation made
by her husband is false. She says that she
was married three times, but the experi
ence she has had with her present hus
band has been such as to cause her to be
very careful how she marries again. She
declares that while she is eager to be free
from the ties that bind her to German she
will see to it that he does not get the di
vorce, as he has not only deserted but mal
treated her.
She says that so long as she supplied
him with money and kept him in wine all
went well in her household, but when she
ceased to do that trouble begun, bhe says
she was in business and doing well for
herself when she met and married Ger
man, since which time, however, she has
lost everything and all through him.
Free Cople* of the Charter.
The Citizens' Charter Association has just
had printed 20,000 copies of the new charter
in Its original form for public distribution.
Any person desiring one or more copies should
apply at the office of the Charter Association
in the Mills building, and they will be cheer
fully given or sent to him. Owing to the small
amount appropriated lor the Freeholders'
convention only 1000 copies of the charter
were published. For that reason these addi
tional 20,000 copies have been issued by the
Charter Association. By addressing a postal
to the association a copy will be sent to any
address without any charge. ,
Loa.vb on diamonds. Interest low. At Uncle
HtxrU'i 16 Unuit avenue*
PANCAKE FLOUR
CAUSES A ROW
Local Exhibitors at the
Fair Raise a Strong
Protest.
WANT HOME PRODUCTS.
The Article Objected To Was
Made in St. Joseph,
Missouri.
IS NOW UNDER INVESTIGATION
Large Attendance of Union Iron Works
Employes— lrish and Mexican
Celebrations.
The attendance at the Home Industry
Exposition at the Pavilion last evening
was indeed large. The 25 cents admission
has proved a success beyond all expecta
tions, as the number of visitors more
than makes up the difference between the
present and the old rate.
Last evenine it was estimated that fully
2000 employes of the Union Iron Worts
were at the exposition, and even this
number constituted less than half of the
attendance. The Union Iron Works em
ployes—and the public in general for that
matter — were received by Irving M. Scott,
who delivered the address of welcome.
The principal event of the evening was
the debate upon the new charter. There
was no decision rendered, as the debate
was purely of an educational nature.
A. P. Van Duzer, president of the Asso
ciated Improvement Clubs, and Henry H.
Clement, one of the freeholders "who
helped draw up the document, gave rea
sons why it should be adopted. P. J.
Healy and John M. Reynolds spoke
atrainst it.
The principal work of Judge Doolan was
to keep the speakers within the twenty
minutes allowed to each debater.
There is a well developed little tempest
in a teapot rumpus in one of the depart
ments in the Pavilion. For months it was
advertised that the affair would be a
strictly home-product exposition and that
no Eastern or foreign made goods or
products would be presented to the atten
tion of the public.
S. H. Taoy, manager of the Manufac
turers' ana Producers' Association of Cali
fornia, made the discovery that a St.
Joseph (Mo.) firm has a large booth in the
west end of the building where a Missouri
brand of pancake flour is being exhibited.
Of course Mr. Tacy raised a vigorous pro
test against the supposed intruder, ana he
was ably seconded by a goodly number of
local producers of flours and meals. An
investigation was made, and it is stated
that the Missouri firm has three carloads
of its flour on the way to this City for use
at the exposition. Two of these carloads
are said to be in Sacramento and the other
is at Fifth and Town-.end streets. The
protest resulted in the management of the
exposition appointing a committee to look
into the Missouri firm's pretensions to be a
local manufacturing concern.
Those who are raising the breeze say
that the Eastern man has given oruere to
local milieis for cornmeal, rye and the
other cereal components of its pancake
Hour in order to mix with the product of
tne St. Josepn mill. By so doing the hope
is that the flour will pass as a Calitornia
product and be permitted in the fair. Pend
ing a decision Aunt Jemima still holds
forth in the booth and disperses tooth
some pancakes to the public, much to the
annoyance of local millers.
This evening the anniversary of
Mexican independence will be com
memorated at the Pavilion. A number
of local mandolin clubs will render an
especial programme made up of Mexican
airs. The entertainment will be held in
the art gallery.
The Celtic Union will hold its first joint
celebration at the Pavilion to-morrow
evening. A musical programme made up
of national Irish and American airs will
be a feature of the entertainment.
Jeremiah Deasy, president of the union,
will have charge of the festival. The Hon.
Joseph Leg ett will deliver an address on
Irish manufactures and the past and
present and future commercial prosperity
of the Emerald Isle.
The result of voting for the most attrac
tive exhibits in the fair to last evening was
as follows :
Johnson-Locke Mercantile Company, 995
votes; Tilhnaim <t Bendel, 033 votes; Crown
Flour Milling Company, 484 votes; Fulton
Egineering Works and Rlx Company Air Ma
cninery Company, 424 votes; Joshua Hendy
Machine Woiks, 373 votes; Laumeister Milling
Company, 280 votes; \V. P. Fuller* Co., 234
votes; Union Iron Works, 184 votes; Queen
Lily Soap Company (Fish beck & Glootz),
116 votes; GundUch-Bundschu Company, 87
votes; American Biscuit Company, 85 votes;
Zan Bros., 66 votes; Italian-Swiss Colony, 29
votes; Freuericksburg Bottling Compauy, 25
vo.es; Pacific B.rux Company, 23 votes;
Bowers Rubber Company, 19 votes; California
Art Glass Company, 19 votes; Edison Light
and Power Company, 18 votes; Tubbs Cord
age Company, lB votes; Blbo, Newman & Iken
berg, 18 votes; Martin Carrack, 12 votes;
Tuscan Springs Company, 11 votes.
The musical programme for to-day is as
follows:
Afternoon:
March, "The Golden Star," Ellenberg; over
ture, "The Moon," Auber; waltz, "Bella
Italia," Strauss; euphonium solo, W. H. Col
verd; selection, "Suzanne," Paladilhe; quad
rille, "Jolly Students," Suppe; overture,
"Don Giovanni," Mozart; cavattne from "Son
nambula," Bellina; "Bwedlsh Wedding
March," Solderman; "Finale from Euryanthe,"
Weber; Crystal Palace of Leipsic galop, Her
furth.
Evening :
March, "Las Dos Kepublicas," Toledano;
overture Espanol, Keler Bela; "La Citana."
waltz, BuCfilossi; trombone solo, "In Old Mad
rid," Boncovieri:"Divertissements Mexicann,"
DesoKmes; (a) Seguedilla, (b) Habanere, (c)
Bolero, (d) Cachuca; overture, "Kuy Bias,"
Mendelssonn ; Mexican Serenade, Gonzales;
selection, "Carmen," Bizet; "La Paloma,"
Mexican song; grand fandango, Bachman.
IRISH NIGHT ARRANGED
It Will Be a Time of Many Melo
dies at the Mechanics'
Pavilion.
The Celtic Union Is Encouraged and
Sees Signs of a Strong Central
Society.
At a meeting of the Celtic Union last
night Jeremiah Deasy, Charles B. Flanni
ean and J. H. Doolan, the committee on
the Mechanics' Institute, reported the 17th
would be celebrated as Irish night. "The
committee from the Pavilion did all in
its power to make it pleasant for us," said
Mr. Flanniean ana the evening will be de
voted to Irish "music."
Jeremiah Deasy will preside and Joseph
Leggeit will be orator of the evening. Di
vision No. 10 of the Hibernians will
march in a body from Hibernian Hall to
the Mechanics' Pavilion to meet other so
cieties, among them the Knights of the
Red Branch, Ancient Order of Hibernians,
Knights of St. Patrick and the Three
Counties' Societies, the Gaelic and Knights
of Tara.
Tne union feels encouraged at the pros
pect of consolidating every Irish f-ociety
in one body for the purpose of co-operat
ing on important matters and finally ef
fecting the completion of an arrangement
to build a central hall.
LODGING-HOUSE ROW.
It Results in Two Men Being Cut and
a Woman Getting Her Shoulder-
Blade Broken.
The lodging-house 742 Howard street,
kept by Mrs. Mary Ann Connelly, was the
scene of a lively fight last night, resulting
in the arrest of two men on charges of as
sault to murder and assault with a deadly
weapon.
John Cook, a cook, and his wife occupy
a room on the ground floor in the rear.
Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Cook met Jo
seph Cordes, a friend, and they had some
drinks together. They went to 742 How
ard street and Cook joined them in their
festivities.
About 7 o'clock Cook left and Mrs. Con
nelly and her daughter went into Cook's
room. They were all chatting together
when Cook jumped through the open
window, with a knife in his band, and
made for Cordes. Miss Connelly urged
Cordes to run and climb the fence, but lie
did not heed her advice. Cook and he
grappled with each other and a rough-and
tumble tight followed. When it was all
over Cook had six wounds in his scalp,
one penetrating to the skull; Cordes haa a
deep wound in his arm and Mrs. Connelly,
who was knocked down by Cook, had her
left siioulder-blade broken.
Their wounds were dressed at the Re
ceiving Hosnital. Cook was booked at
the City Prision for assault to murder and
assault with a deadly Weapon, and Cordes
with assault with a deadly weapon.
Mrs. Cook, who was considerably under
the influence of liquor, was arrested and
booked at the\ Southern station on the
charge of vagrancy.
ANOTHER "DAY OF AWE"
To-Day Is the Eve of Yom
Kippur, a Solemn Period
of Atonement.
Appropriate Services Will Be Held in
All the City Synagogues— Fast
ing Euj lined.
The most important and solemn of the
Hebrew "Days of Awe" will commence
with the setting of the sun this evening.
To-day is the eve of the Day of Atone
ment, whereon the pious Hebrew "af- '
flicts his soul" in accordance with the
Biblical injunction. For twenty-four j
hours, commencing at sunset this even
ing, till the same time to-morrow, not a
mouthful of food will be permitted to pass j
his lipa. It is in all respects the most
universally observed day of the whole
cycle of festivals and fasts.
Yom Kippur is the name by which the
Day of Atonement is known among
Israelites. It is observed by Hebrews in all
parts of the world and of all sections of
belief — radical, reform, conservative or
orthodox—in the synagogue. The reli
gious and musical exercises are impressive
and are of such a character as to impress \
upon all the solemnity of the occasion.
Much of the old traditional form of ser- ;
▼ice has been eliminated from the ritual
of modern American synagogues. This
has been brought about by reform which
rejects absolutely forms of worship con
ceived in Egypt, in Spain, in Babylonia !
and in Palestine. In orthodox places of j
worship, of which there are quite a num
ber in this City, the officiating ministers
are robed in white, emblematic of purity,
and even some of the attendant worship- i
ers are so attired.
Services will bo held this evenine at
Temple Emanu-El. Sherith Israel. Beth ;
Israel and Ohabai Shalame at 7 :45 o'clock.
To-morrow the exerc'ses will commence at '
10 a. m. and continue throuehout the day.
The fast will terminate at 5:30 P. M.
Druids' Banquet.
The Independent Order of Druids enjoyed a
supper last night at the Maison St. Germain.
The affair was strictly private, but perhaps
the more enjoyable for that very reason, as it
was thus rendered more homelike.
The Divorce Courts.
Judge Murphy yesterday granted a divorce
to Celine M.Durand from Leon Durand, because
of the latter's extreme cruelty.
_^^^ KEY TO-DAY. _
9 |
vvri TPt^ /"V.CC
Wipe Them Off
the face of the Earth ; that's what we have
done with the high prices prevailing in the
tailoring trade.
Instead of paying tailors $25 to $40 for .
a suit come to us and get them at the whole-
sale price, ranging from $10 to $20. We
give you the profit the tailor usually makes,
that is all.
The best fabrics, made to your order in
the latest style, fit and finish unsurpassed.
Perfect in every way or it doesn't leave our
store.
We are the recognized leaders of the
best ten-dollar made-to-order suit in America.
Columbian Woolen Mills
(S. N. WOOD & CO.).
MARKET 541 STREET.
211 Montgomery St., S. F. Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts., S. F.
1005 Broadway, Oakland. Cor. Lafayette and Astor PI., N. Y.
A COLONY FOR MONTEREY
Settlement of Four Hundred
German Catholic Fami
lies.
What August Erz, Promoter of tht
Enterprise, Exp-cts to Accom
plish at Detroit.
To-day articles of Incorporation will be
filed looking to the establishment of a
large colony of German Catholics in Mon
terey County. A similar colony may be
formed in Mendocino County, but the
Monterey enterprise will first receive the
attention of the promoters.
The leading and progressive spirit Ir
the work is August Erz, a well-known
German writer and a business man of fine
attainments. He has been a contributor
to the columns of the California Volka
fruend, the German Catholic paper of San
Francisco, and is highly connected in the
East.
Mr. Erz will leave shortly for Detroit to
attend the German Catholic Congress to
be held in that city September 24. This
congress will be composed of delegates
from all the German Catholic benevolent
and fraternal societies of the United
States. He will go to Detroit to specially
promote the advancement of the proposed
colony in Monterey and will do able to
present facts which will surely enlist the
attention of the delegates. Already more
than a hundred letters of inquiry re
garding the colony have been received,
which fact alone indicates the widespread
interest in the enterprise.
The exact site of the colony cannot be
designated at present, but it is proposed
that land suitable to the production or
sugar beets be selected, as it is in
tended to make that industry one of the
principal features of the new settlement.
The associates of Mr.Erz are confident of
his ability to obtain substantial subscrip
tions at Detroit to advance the colony
project. Four hundred families will be
invited to settle on the tract of land.
EQUAL SUFFRAGE.
Ladles Preparing for a Grand Campaign
Concert at the Metropolitan
Temple.
The Native Daughters among the woman
suffragists are making great preparations
for the grand campaign concert to be
given on the evening of October 6 at
Metropolitan Temple. Miss Maybelle
Holbrook and Miss Lillie O. Reichling,
founder of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West, are doing their best to make
the affair a success.
Most of the ladies of the Suffrage
Bureau will attend to-day's outing on
Mount Tamaloais, where Miss Anthony is
to spean. The ferry-boat will leave at
l:4so'clocK this atternoon.
Miss Shaw goes to-day to Palo Alto,
where she will address the Woman
Suffrage Club in the afternoon and the Re
publican rally at night. Mrs. Carrie
Chapman-Catt leaves this morning for
San Jose in order to speak at to-night'a
Democratic rally in the Garden City.
BARON GOTTZHEIM SUED.
A Collector Is Anxious to Know All
About His Financial Affairs.
Twenty dollars, a simple double-eagle,
is all that stands between Baron Morit»
Stoch yon Gottzheim and the humiliation
of having to appear before Justice of the
Peace Groezinger to tell of his worldly
possessions, and yet the probabilities are
that on Monday next the Baron will be
served with an order of examination.
Baron Moritz Stoch yon Gottzheim is a
German nobleman of the bluest blood,
who arrived in this City several years ago
with a magnificent wardrobe but not a
plethoric purse, and his career since land
ing nas been punctuated with legal pro
ceedings until it has come to a matter of
putting claims in the hands of collectors
before satisfaction can be obtained.
The Baron does not work to any marked
extent, but he runs up bills neverthsless,
and it is the indebtedness resulting from
the visits of a prominent doctor that has
brought on hit, most recent troubles.
The Baron was sick enough a few weeks
as*o to require a couple of days attendance
from a physician, and $20 was the fee
asked.
Treatury Gold lieterve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 15.-The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day amounted to $114,042,968. The
day's withdrawals at New York were $84.
-400.
56
WEDNE5DAY...... ;..... SEPTEMBER 16,1896
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor — d Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Pally and Bandar Cam., one week, by carrier. .$0.1 5
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cai-t, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and (Sunday Call, one month, by man.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail.. 1-00
ViiiKU Call, one year, by mall 1-60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Arc you going to the country on a vacation ? If
!«, It 1* no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your addreu. Do not let It miss yon for yon will
miss It. Order* given to the carrier or left at ;
Basinets Office will receive prompt attention.
KO EZTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE t
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Malß-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Main-1874
BRANCH OFFICES i
6 SO Montgomery street, corner Clays open nntfl
8:80 o'clock.
SB9 Hayes street; ©pen until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
fcV.'. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
into 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open nnta 9 o'clock.
US Ktcth street; open until 9 o'clock,
OAKLAND OFPICB »
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE
Booms SI and 32, 84 Park Row, New York City.
• DAVID M. FOLTZ. Special Agent.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PRESIDENT—
WILLIAM HcKIRLEY, or OHIO
fOB TICF-PKESIDENT-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
EI.ECTION NOVEMBER 3, 1896.
The Union is going for McKiniey, and
California must go with the Union.
The Bryanite road has now tnrned to a
squirrel track, and very soon it will run
up a tree.
To teach the people political wisdom
this year did not need much in the way of
education after ail.
This country needs a protective tariff,
and the vote in Maine and Vermont shows
that the people know it.
It can scarcely be questioned that the
man who found the keenest delight in the
Maine vote was Tom Watson.
Tbe campaign of education is all one
way, as the Popocrats have concluded to
do more cussing than discussing.
The men who vote for Palmer and Buck
ner will be the last of the Democrats, and
they will deserve a respectful funeral.
Landslides are discounted thiß year, as
the whole United States seems to be mov
ing bodily for protection and sound money.
So far from wir.ninir votes in Maine for
his ticket the millionaire Sewall did not
even succeed in holding the Democrats in
line.
McKiniey always addresses the business
sense of the people, and that is one reason
why he is regarded as so different from
Bryan.
To-day the New York Democrats meet
and the question ia. Will they present a
statuesque appearance or will they make
a bust?
Tom Reed asked Maine to speak in a
loud voice and she responded in a tone
that made Democracy shake all over the
country.
The nomination of Bewail may have had
some effect on the vote in Maine, but it
was not the kind of effect the Popocrats
counted on.
The free-traders conferred one benefit
on the woolmen. They opened the eyes
of sheep-raisers and made good Republi
cans of them.
There may be some Democracy and some
Populism in the secret councils of the fu
sion, but on the stump nothing shows up
but Bryanism.
The Democrats and Populists seem to
have left Bryan to make the National
campaign by himself while they scramble
for tbe local spoils.
Old man Palmer and old man Buckner
have the satisfaction of knowing that tbe
Maine lick didn't hit them as hard as it
hit the other fellow.
In the National Fopocrat fusion tbe
Democrats got the candidate, but tbe
Populists drew up tbe platform and in
tend to hold the boy orator to it.
To promote the free coinage of silver by
international agreement is the pledge of
the Republican party, and on that pledge
it is entitled to the support of every free
silver man who stands for protection and
is opposed to Bryanism.
Make yourself ready to attend the Re
publican primaries on Saturday, Septem
ber 19. Every Republican should cast his
vote in bis Assembly district on that day,
and put himself in line for harmony,
unity and regularity in the party.
In the letter notifying Tom Watson of
his nomination Marion Butler, in com
menting on the fusion programme, says:
"The People's party is the real force, tbe
mainspring behind this great political
revolution." How do stalwart Democrats
like that?
Standing for silver is one thing, but
standing for Bryanism is quite a different
matter, and while we consistently support
the cause of bimetallism we can never be
other than the earnest and active opponent
of silver monometallism, free trade and
The victory in Maine for protection and
bimetallism has been the most complete
and overwhelming ever won in the history
of the State, and there ought now to be no
doubt in any mind as to what is the pre
vailing sentiment among the people on
the issues before them.
In their rage over tne certain defeat that
awaits them the Bryanites are once more
trying to induce people to believe the Re
publican party advocates the single gold
standard, but the people laugh at these
efforts of rage and recall the words of the
Republican platform: "We are opposed
to the free coiuage of silver except by in
ternational agreement with the leading
commercial nations of the world, which
we pledge ourselves to promote,"
THE MAINE ELECTION.
The dispatches of yesterday giving the
exact returns of the Maine election far
exceeded the hopes and expectations of
the day before. The confident prediction
that Maine would roll up a decisive ma
jority for the Republican State ticket has
been more than justified and the result
has indicated to the whole country the
action of New England in tbe National
elections of November next.
It is a vain and idle undertaking for the
Democrats to lessen or explain away the
seriousness of the blow which the party of
Bryan and Sewall has received in Maine.
The hope that Mr. Sewall's popularity in
his native State would avail to change the
convictions of the people of Maine has
been rudely scattered. The claim that
there was a ground swell of sentiment in
favor of free silver throughout the Eastern
States, which would manifest itself at the
Maine election has been shown to be
utterly false.
The political insanity which dominated
the Chicago convention and compelled the
nomination of Bryan and Sewall has been
made plain to the people of the whole
country by the increased majority in Mr.
SewaH'B own State. That the whole of
New England and all of the Middle States
will go Republican in November is already
an assured fact, and that the great central
and northern States of the West will follow
the example which Maine and Vermont
have nobly set there is little room to doubt.
While Democracy and Populism are
engaged in various parts of the country
in a struggle to see which will succeed in
swallowing the other, the Republican
party is rolling up victory upon victory in
those populous States whose electoral
votes will count for most next November.
Republicans ail over the country may
well regard with hope and pride the
sweeping victory in M me, ana see in
it the swell of a mighty billow, which,
rising upon the far-off coasts of New Eng
land, will sweep over the whole country
and entrulf the shattered ships of the
Bryan Democracy in its resistless course.
This is not a question of protecting ovr own
silver product. It is a question of putting
the faith of this Government under the stiver
product of the world, not for the benefit of
our people, but for the benefit of the mine
owners of all countries. — Senator Thurston.
McKINLEY AND WOOL-GROWERS.
One of the most interesting speeches
Major McKiniey has maae to visiting
delegations was delivered before l(X>0
farmers from the sheep-growinc district
of Ohio last Monday. It abounded in
statistical information which not only in
terests those engaged in the wool industry
but those in other business enterprises,
for there is an intimate relation existing
between all occupations in this country.
Major McKiniey has been a conspicuous
champion of the industries and wage
earners of the United States from his
youth up, we might say, and when occa
sion requires him to enter largely into the
question of protection to the interests of
his countrymen he becomes decidedly in
teresting, so familiar with the subject is
he.
Referring to the importance of the sheep
industry to the whole country, Major Mc-
Kiniey said that "in 1892 there were 700,
-000 wool-growers in the United States —
700,000 people whose chief occupation was
that of wool-growing. There were prob
ably oue-fourth as many more who were
owners of small nocks of sheep in the
United States. This industry employed
besides those who owned the flocks, it is
estimated, at least 500,000 laborers, repre
senting, with those who were dependent
upon them, nearly 2,500,000 pe0p1e. In Ore
gon, Utah, Washington, Idaho and West
ern Montana there were 6,710,746 sheep,
which were worth in 1892 $13,421,000. and
which in 1896 were worth, only $6,710,000.
In 1892 we had 47,273,553 sheep in the
United States, valued at $125,000,000. In
1895 we had 38,298,000, valued at $65,000,
-000."
Such a shrinkage of values in any in
dustry would be hard to bear were it to
come from natural causes, but when it
comes of laws deliberately enacted to ac
complish that very thing it would seem
that there was plenty of reason why the
people should be aroused — why they should
earnestly resulve to right the great wrong.
It is not surprising, therefore, that 1000
representative wool-growers of the coun
try should journey all the way to Canton
to bear Major McKiniey tell them how,
if he is elected, he will lift this great in
dustry out of the mire of bankruptcy and
place it upon the solid ground of pros
perity.
But Major McKiniey is not pledged to
right the wrongs that free trade has in
flicted upon sheep-raisers and neelect
other interests that have been crippled by
the Wilson act. His policy contemplates
the restoration of all lines of business and
trade to where they were before they were
driven tothwwall by Democratic blunder
ing. The sheep industry is one among a
thousand business enterprises that need to
have protection against an unnatural and
ruinous competition, and Major McKin
iey is pledged to see that all interests have
their rights. But of all the various en
terprises and interests that will call his at
tention the cause of labor will be first and
foremost. Major McKiniey will not be
satisfied until every wage-earner has ail
the opportunity he wants to employ his
skill and muscle at wages that shall amply
remunerate him.
"The tudden withdrawal of $620,000,000 of
gold from the currency of the country would
undoubtedly produce a financial and indus
trial disturbance far more disastrous to the in
terest of labor than has ever been experi
enced in our history; and no man who has a
particle of syvipathy for workingmen and
their dependent families can contemplate the
possibility of '• such a calamity without feel
ing that it is hit duty, whether he occupies a
private or public position, to emvloy every
honorable means at his command to avert
it."— Secretary Carlisle.
FOR HONEST MONEY.
A Dew club has been organized in this
City to work in the cause of sound money.
The membership includes men in all
lines of business and of both political
parties. It is a non-partisan organization
as to politics, but it is very partisan as to
sound and honest money. The purpose of
tne club is to furnish information to
workingmen, in the several trades more
especially, concerning the money ques
tion and the necessity for maintaining a
system of circulating medium which shall
make all forms of our money as good as
gold every hour in the day.
The club, being composed of men from
all the channels of business and employ
ment, will come in touch with the rank
and file of the labor world, and no doubt
good results will follow. Men in all sta
tions of life are more interested in th«
money question than ever before, and it
is right that facts and figures should be
distributed liberally, so that every one
may be informed on the subject. As a
matter of fact, no one wants unsound
money; but some are advocating theories
which, if pat in practical operation, would
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1896.
certainly disturb the monetary system of
the country very seriously.
There probably never was a time when
the people as a whole had so much occa
sion to study the problem of cause and
effect in the channels of trade and in the
systems of money coinage as now, and if
this new club shall be the means of giving
the people information that can be relied
upon great good wiil be accomplished.
Nevertheless the fact remains that the
greater question is the one of opening the
doors of our industries so that labor may
have employment at just wages. Labor
is more interested in that which will give
it opportunity to earn money than in
propositions to change our monetary
system. ___^__^______
I will not notice the impassioned appeals
made by Mr. Bryan to inflam-e the poor
against the rich. IVhenever a Presidential
candidate can stoop to the arts of the dema
gogue, the cause which he advocates must be
poor indeed. He gives no reason and pro
duces no proof for the bold position he takes,
but makes up in assertion what he lacks in
reason or proof. — Senator Caffery.
A WORD TO FARMERS.
Business depression in this country is
always caused by labor being unable to
find remunerative employment, and since
our shops, mills and factories give em
ployment directly and iudirocily to prac
tically all labor, it follows, of course, that
when our industries are crippled all must
suffer. To illustrate how the conditions
under which our industries exist influ
ence general business we need only to
refer to the consumption of wheat by our
own people in given years — breadstuffs in
dicating in some measure the consumption
of other articles of food.
In IS9O the industries of the country
were in operation on full time for the
most part, and wages were remunerative.
In that year the per capita consumption
of wheat (reduced to flour) was 6.09
bushels. In 1894, when the Wilson bill
had forced our industries into employing
labor on short time, or to close altogether,
the per capita consumption of wheat was
3.41 bushels. In 1895 there was a spas
modic revival in some of the industries,
when the consumption per capita increased
to 4.54 bushels, but the average consump
tion for 1894-95 was a trifle less than four
bushels per man, woman and child, against
6.09 in 1890. This shows a decrease of 33
per cent in the demand upon farmers for
their products.
But for the items of meats, clothing and
other articles which could be more or less
dispensed with, the shrinkage in the home
consumption demand was very much
greater than it was for breadstuffs. Some
idea of the effect of depression in our busi
ness life may be gathered from the follow
ing statements by eminent economic
statisticians: "There are now 24,000,000
men, women and children occupied for
pain in all the arts on which life depends.
If constructive enterprise is paralyzed as
it has been and only 6 per cent are idle,
that means 1,200,000 men out of work and
nearly 4,000,000 people suffering want,
while the food they would consume chokes
the farms with unsalable products. If 10
per cent are idle, 2,400,000 need work and
7,200,000 people suffer want, while the
food rots and wastes in the farmers' bins."
This ought to satisfy any farmer that in
ratio to the demand for labor is there a
demand for his products independent of
the Liverpool markets, where he comes in
competition with Russian, Indian and
South American farmers, who employ the
cheapest labor in the world. But our
home demand for labor is continuous or
spasmodic in ratio to the ability of our
industries to compete with foreign pauper
labor, and hence it follows that protection
to our industries and labor is necessary
to our farmers if they would have a home
market for their products.
lam a graduate of the rolling-mills. The
skin on my hands is thick from hard and
honest toil. lam a workingman and know
the hard-working men ofthii country vn!l not
be carried away by the balloonist in this cam
paign. J know and they know that, no mat
ter whether we have fifty billion dollars in
silver or one dollar, to get money we must
earn it by honest toil, and when we do earn it
we want it to be equal to the best in the world.
— William A. Carney, vice-president Amal
gamated Association of Iron and Steel
Workers.
BRYAN'S "ENEMIES."
Referring to advocates of honest money
in general ana the Republican party in
particular Mr. Bryan informed one of his
wayside audiences the other day that "the
enemy with whom we are fighting in this
campaign is an enemy who has never gone
into an open battle. The advocates of a
gold standard have never dared to submit
tbe gold standard to the arbitrament of a
ballot." Strictly speaking that is true, for
there never has been a gold-standard
party in this country, although the Na
tional Democratic party is practically so,
but Mr. Brvan was, as we have said, re-
I ferrine to the Republican party and those
of other parties who are standing np for
honest money.
If the Republican victory in Vermont
did not satisfy Mr. Bryan that the
"enemy" is pretty well equipped and
ready for battle, tbe returns from Maine
should at least convince him that the army
of honest money and prosperity can put
up a pretty good outpost tight.
The people of the United States are not
afraid to fight for their convictions, and
they dare submit whatever they advocate
to the arbitrament of the ballot. More
over, only Mr. Bryan looks upon a politi
cal opponent as an "enemy," and if he
really doubts tbe friendship of the Ameri
can people for Americans, let him go to
Maine. He would be as warmly received
there as in Arkansas, but he would find
the people ready to vote against him,
though they would do it in the most
friendly way. This is a nation of friends,
as Mi. Bryan should know.
The Republican party stands to-day, as it
has always stood, opposed to the continuation
of an industrial policy which cripples in
dustries at home, robs labor of its just reward
and supplies insufficient revenues to run the
Government. — McKiniey.
BRYAN-SEW ALL-WATSON.
The returns from Maine, which show
the greatest victory the Republican party
has ever won in that State, are likely to
add more tangles to the Bryan-Sewall-
Watson combine. Sewall has not only
proven that he has no influence at his
home, but that his candidacy is a po&itive
injury to the party he represents, and
what is still wo! S3 is that tbe Watson end
of the three-cornered combination is re
joicing with exceeding great joy that the
plutocratic end has come to grief. Wat
son can be relied upon to hold Bewail re
sponsible for the annihilation of the com
bine in Maine, although it was the com
mon-sense of the people that did the
work, and be will splice it on to his already
at rone lever to pry the Maine millionaire
off the track.
But Watson proposes to do more than
that. He is en route to Chicago
to confer with' leading Populists, and
it is said thit he will have good
backinp when he makes a demand
to drop iiryan and put a true and
tried Populist in his place on the ticket.
Wats an will agree, "however, to keep
Bryan at the head of the ticket if he will
come out and indorse tbe Populist plat
form from top to bottom and do whatever
else may te necessary to give him full
membership in that party. It is very evi
dent that Watson is in the North to make
trouble for Bryan and Sewall, and there is
foundation for the rumor that Benator
Butler, chairman of the Populist National
Committee, is not trying to persuade
Watson to desist.
It certainly is unfortunate for Bryan
and Sewall that the people of Maine rolled
up such a mighty majority against them.
Especially is Bryan put in an awkward
position. There are thousands of Demo
crats who would be glad to vote for
Bryan and Sewall, because they are the
regular nominees of the party, but they
would not vote for Bryan and Watson.
They are perfectly willing to make a con
venience of tbe Populists and give them a
few local offices, but it is quite a different
thing to "mißcegenate," as a Southern
Democrat puts it.
In any event, the Maine election is
bound to intensify the Populist feeling
against Sewall's candidacy, and it would
be no surprise if Watson should succeed
in having Bryan officially notified that
the continuance of himself as the Popu
list candidate for President is contingent
upon his demanding the withdrawal of
Sewall. The old story about how the
gods first make mad those whom they
wish to destroy fits the Bryan-Sewall-
Watson combination perfectly, and the
Republicans of Maine are largely respon
sible for it,__
The people of this count y never were so
eager to vote as now. Tive last four years
have been long years — the longest four years
since our great civil var. Everything has
suffered but the Republican party. Every
thing has been blighted but Republican prin
ciples, and they are dearer, more cherished
and more glorious than they have ever been
before. — McKiniey.
THE WEEKLY CALL.
While The vVeekly Call was primarily
issued as a medium of news its mission
has been so broadened that it is now of
special interest to farmers and miners,
while it always contains articles including
so many interests that no member of the
household can do without it.
Politically it is devoted to the upbuild
ing of the party which has always labored
in the interests of the United States and
its prosperity— the party of Lincoln, Gar
field and Gran t. Full reports of the claims
of all other parties, however, are given,
and without prejudice.
There is always choice light literature
for the young folks of the household.
Realizing the difficulty experienced by
farmers at a distance from market in
i acquainting themselves with prices of
! farm products we furnish a concise review
of the market quotation of all produce for
the week, which may be relied upon as
being accurate.
You can place The Weekly Call in the
hands of yonr Eastern friends with confi
dence that it will help to bring them to
California. It is clean, bright and in
structive and should find a place in every
household where a daily cannot be ob
tained. Get tbe issue which appears to
day and judge for yourself.
PERSONAL.
Dr. J. S. Hunt of Queensland Is In town.
Dr. J. R. Toland of St. Jaclnto is in the City.
J. F. Rodney of Bonora arrived here yester
day.
Rev. Samuel Hirst of Vallejo Is on a visit
here.
G. M. Martin, a merchant of Visalia, is in
town.
R. B. Saffold, an aforney of Truebody, is in
the City.
j A. R. Jackson, a weil-to-do farmer of Salinas,
1 is in town.
Senator J. B. Shine of Sonora Is at the Cos
mopolitan.
L. A. Richards, a livestock dealer of Grayson,
Is at the Russ.
John R. Winder, a mining man of Salt Lake,
Is at the Palace.
Ex-Judge J. F. Rooney of Sonora is among
tbe arrivals here.
W. C. Wallace, a mining man of Denver, ar
rived here yesterday.
John Markley of the State Board of Ex
aminers is at the Lick.
C. L. Holliday, a business man of San Diego,
is at the Cosmopolitan.
G. K. Orr, a mine owner of Plumu County,
arrived here yesterday.
Wilfred M. Peck, proprietor of a hotel at
Riverside, is at the Palace.
G. Baer, one of the pioneer business men of
Cloverdale, is at the Grand.
H. A. Dlnsmore, a journalist of Alton, Is reg
istered at the Cosmopolitan.
H. Bergsteln, a business and mining man of
Reno, Is visiting San Francisco.
B. Watrous, one of the leading farmers near
Stockton, is here on a short visit. ■
George E. Buff urn, a business man of St. Louis,
is among yesterday's arrivals here.
Editor Telfalr Creighton of the Lot Angeles
Daily Herald is here on a Drief visit
D. J. Evans, a mining man of Cornucopia,
Or., is among the recent arrivals here.
Isaac Levy, proprietor of a general store at
Lower Lake, U here on a business trip.
Captain and Mrs. Almeric Rich of Kern
County are here on their way to England.
J. Frye, a well-known general goods dealer
of Rutherford, is ono ol the guests at the Russ.
K. Casper, who ii one of the owners of the
electric light piaut at Nevada City, is at the
Lick.
Professor Bash ford Dean of Columbia Col
lege is at the Palace accompanied by Mrs.
Dean.
Dr. William Pepper, president of th« Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, is among the recent
arrivals at the Palace.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Bept 15.-At the West
minster—J. Simmons, H. J. Wilcox; Union
Square— Miss Leslie, Miss Shattuck; Astor,
Mr. and Mrs. C. Waterhouse; Vendome, Mr.
and Mrs. G. Traffurd; Holland— T. Cunning
ham, H.T.Scott, T. Addiaon; Gllsey, T. Mar
rier.
PEOPLE TALKED ABOUT.
It Is claimed that the present members of
the British Parliament have grown exceed
ingly careless in the matter of dress.
When Mrs. Btowe was questioned respecting
"TJncle Tom's Cabin" she said: "I did not
write it. Goa wrote it. I merely did his dic
tation."
Princess Maud is a good cyclist, and Prince
Carl also shares this taste, for he was one of
the first of his family to indulge In this pas
time, and he has been successful in Inducing
his y onnger brothers aud listers to follow his
example.
Dr. Carl Peters, the explorer, Is said to have
left Germany for good and to have left direc
tions to have all his affairs there wound up,
since the sentence of Herr Bchroder, the East
African administrator, to fifteen years' im
prisonment at hard labor for brutality to the
natives.
Perhaps the most venerable Mormon living
it Elder Lorenzo Snow, whose full title la Pres
ident of the Quorum of tne Twelve Apostles of
the Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter-day
Saints, lie is about 83 years old and has been
in the ministry of the Mormon church for fifty
yean.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Professor William H. Brewer, who has for
many years occupied the chair of agriculture
at Yale, and who yesterday finished his Jabors
here as a member of the United States For
estry Commission, is a striking looking gentle
man. When Professor Brewer, Professor C. 8.
Sargent and John Muir, the noted California
author and scientist, appear together, as on
several occasions recently they have appeared
at the Palace, they look like some of the big
land barons of the State.
Professor Brewer and Professor Sargent wear
soft white hats aud full beards, John Muir a
black soft hat and a full beard also. The first
named gentleman was in California years ago.
From 1861 to 1865 he was in charge of the
United States Geological Survey, ascended
DR. WILLIAM H. BREWER, Professor of Agriculture at Yale, and
Member of the United States Forestry Commission.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" ariisL]
Mount Brewer, Mount Shasta and other moun
tain*. He traveled 4000 miles afoot and went
10,000 miles on horseback.
It was about this period that he was ap
pointed to aid in selecting a site for the uni
versity. The professor has done much in a
scientific way in the last forty years that has
been of benefit to science and the country gen
erally. He is greatly interested in preserving
the forests.
A STRAW HAT.
Tbe hour nas come. The old, fond tie Is broken,
And I am Ml in gloom.
The bat of straw through which I oft have spoken,
At last has met Us doom.
Tis like a funeral rite when I deposit,
Koran existence <lrf-ar.
In a neglected corner of tue closet.
This cherished souvenir.
What sentiments from divers moonlit places
Lurk in each braided strand!
Of flittering hopes, what sad and tarnished traces
.Linger beneath your baud !
I ahall not cast you forth. Oft In seclusion
I'll pass an hour or two.
And hear the mutterings, in weird confusion,
Of tbiugs 1 said tftrough you.
—Washington Star.
"AN ENVIABLE NAME."
Ontario Record.
The San Francisco Call is making an envia
ble name for itself in Pacific Coast journalism.
Thk Call Is a clean, bright, newsy paper,
which can be depended upon in every parti
cular. Its campaign cartoons are unsurpassed
by any paper In the country. They always hit
the bull's eye, yet without going to the ob
noxious extremes to which some journals
carry their cartoon work.
BORROWING FOREIGN IDEAS.
Globe-Democrat.
The income tax and free trade are estab
lished English institutions, and Bryan is
warmly in favor of transplanting them to
this country. It seems that the exceptions in
his declaration of Independence of European
ideas are more numerous than the other
items. . .
VIEWS OF SOME EMINENT DEMO
CRATS.
The American Nation will never consent to
substitute for the republic of Washington, of
Jefferson and of Jackson the republic of an
Altgeld, a Tillman, or a Bryan.— Bourke Cock
ran.
There is absolutely nothing to justify honest
men in yielding an inch of their ground.—
William C. Whitney.
Of course I am for McKiniey and Hobart and
no one else in these critical times.— E. J.
P helps.
I will not vote for a platform of repudiation,
dishonor and ruin.— Judge W. R. Hammond of
Georgia.
I have not Indorsed Bryan and Sewall, Dor
do 1 contemplate doing so.— Senator Gray of
Delaware.
The free coinage of silver embodies not one
•ingle redress of one single grievance.— Henry
Watterson.
If I could have my way in tbe struggle with
those who are assailing the honor and credit
of the country I would defeat them by the
election of McKiniey.— Thomas M. Waller of
Connecticut.
Though unable and unwilling to support the
platform and ticket made at Chicago, I am
and will be to the end a Democrat.— William
M. Singerly.
I cannot act with those who have taken their
stand upon the Chicago platform.— Hugh E
Wallace.
Tested by clearly defined and oft-repeated
declarations of Democratic doctrine, the
Chicago platform is not a Democratic utter
ance.— Robert E. Wright.
The interests of the country call upon every
good Democrat to vote for McKiniey.— William
Marvin.
I shall unhesitatingly vote for William Mc-
Kiniey, and I advise other Democrats to do
the same.— John K. Cowan.
It is the duty of every good Democrat to op
pose the Chicago platform and ticket. I will
do all iv my power to defeat Bryan.— Daniel
Magone.
The declarations of that [Chicago] platform
are open, palpable and flagrant departures
from all that Democracy has stood for.—Sena
tor Cattery of Louisiana.
BEET SUGAR.
Effect of Frke Trade py a, Yottsq AsrerticAK
Industry.
Chicago Inter pcean.
There are certain facts relative to beet sugar
that cannot be overcome. The first is that
while the imports of cane sugar to Great Brit
ain have undergone a decrease in the eleven
yean between and including 1884-85 and
1894-95 the imports of beet sugar have in
creased. In 1884-85 the total imports of cane
sugar to the United Kingdom were 598,000
tous, in 1894-95 they were 370,000 tons. In
1884-85 the imports of refined foreign sugar
(mostly btet) and raw beet sugar were 707,700
tons, and in 1894-95 they were 1,275.000 ton*.
The statistics of the United State* are not so
precise in iheir classification of imported sugar
as are those of Great Britain, but from the sta
tistical abstract for 1895 we learn that during
three years, 1892, 1893 and 1894, in which,
by provision of tiio McKiniey tariff, bounty
wat paid on all American sugar, as in Ger
many it is paid on ail home-made beet sugar—
the German climate being too rigorous for the
cultivation of sugar c*ne— the increase ol
sugar products stood thus: Amount of cane
sucar on which bounty was paid in 1892,
3bi, 752,306 pounds; amount on which bounty
was paid in 1894, 611.156,922 pounds; thus
nearly doubling production in three year*
and far more than doubling It from 1890-91,"
when the total output was but 287,490.2/1.
But the effect upon the beet-sugar industry
was still more remarkable, for in 1892 boun
ties were paid on 12,004,838 pounds, ami in
1895 on 45, 191.290. It seems scandalous that
a measure that uearly quadrupled tho output
of so promising an iniant industry was re
pealed The effect of repeal was instanta
neous • the output of beet sugar fell to 405,
-<>36 pounds In 1895, taking tbe bounty tables
Si the statistical abntract as authority
But though a criminally stupid policy has
diminished tne production of American beet
suitar the use of the foreign article increases.
In 1888 no more than 1640 tons of beet sugar
were imported; three years later the imports
were 2800 tons; four years later they were
5400 tons; in the next year they more than
doubled themselves, and showed us 12.000
tons- in 1894 they were 20,443 tons, aud in
1895 they were 30.000 tons. These figures arc
eloquent. Germany gives bounties, and after
supplying her home demands is able to export
446,000 tons of raw beet sugar, and the greater
part of 729,000 tons of refined, to Great
Britain, and 30,000 tons to the United Slates.
We. after nearly quadrupling our output by
three years of bounties, elect Democrais, who
repeal the stimulative measure and reduce the
output to a contemptible figure.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A Gold Piece— L. &, Lorin, Cal. A five-dollar
gold piece of 1834, if it has the motto E Pluri
bus Unum on the reverse, is worth from *t>
to $7.
Revenue Stamp Act— N. N., City. Tbe Inter
nal revenue stamp act, approved May 9, 1861,
and amended in 1862, was repealed May 3,
1883.
Jumbo— Subscriber, City. Jumbo, the big
elephant, was killed by a railroad train
whll« crossing a trsck in the State of New
York on September 16, 1885.
Tebry Was is Command— J. A. W., City.
Major-General A. 11. Terry was in command of
the Department or Dakota from September.
1876, to April, 1888.
The Hands on thr Clock— R. E. N., City.
The hour hand on the Chronicle clock Is a
little more than six feet In length and the
minute hand seven and a quarter feet.
Free Coinage— B. P. 8., Lodi, Cal. To the
question, "Was there ever a time in the his
tory of our country wheu there was iree coin
age of silver?" tho answer is: Yes, from 1792
to 1853, that is one time; but in 1806, until
1836 inclusive, the coinage of the silver dollar
was stopped.
Rct.es That Govern— a. L. F., City. The
rules that govern the admission into the Hast
ings College of Law are:
Graduates of the University of California
will be admitted without examination.
Graduates of other institutions of learning
may also, in the discretion of the board of di
rectors, be admitted without examination.
Jumping— F. R. , City. If a man stood in the
aisle of a car moving at a rapid rate of speed
and facing in the direction opposite to that in
which the car was moving and made a stand
ing jump he would land at about the'same
point that he would if the car was standing
still, or if he landed any farther the distance
would be almost impercep:ible. The reason
of this is the atmospheric resistance he would
have to meet. If the air was withdrawn from
the car so as to create a vacuum and the indi
vidual could remain in the vacuum long
enough to jump the lack of resistance and the
motion of the car would land him a little
farther than if the car under like conditions
whs at a standstill.
Temporary Absence,— J. F., City. This cor
respondent writes:
A is a citizen of the United States who at the
time or hla late registration at the City Hall had
been (for more than four months) a bona-nde
resident of the Thirtieth Assembly and Fourth
Congressional districts. Subsequent to his regis
tration (and some days after the close of
precinct registration) he waa employed to look
after the welfare of an invalid, whose home was
and still is In the Forty-third Assemnlv, Fourth
CougresslODal District, and A will continue in
such employment down to ana including the last
day of September, 1896, when his employment, as
stated. cfMta, upon which date be returns to his
former domicile In the Thirtieth Assembly Dis
trict, and intends to reside therein permanently
up to and including election day next November
I might here remark, by way of parenthesis
that owing to the nature of nls employment A
was compelled 10 remain, temporarily, while thus
employed, at the residence of [he invalid. Is. or is
not, A disfranchised ty reason of his temporary
residence in the Forty-thlrfl District?
The answer to the question is that a person
must not be considered to have lost his resi
dence who leaves his home to go Into another
State, or precinct in this State, for temporary
purposes only, with the Intention of return
ing. If A during his temporary absence con
tinued to maintain his home in the Thirtieth
District, and did not do any act that could hp
construed into a desire to remove from there
ihen he did not loie his residence there and
would be entitled to vote in that district.
Monetary Systems-J. b. P., Auburn CaL
The following t*ble shows the monetary sv*
terns of the principal nations of the world-
ConsT*T.
< £5.
= !~
: c<»
• B 3
: ~0.
US
m
;g2
- o o
Gold Standard.
Germany.. . ......... ..'.',
Portugal......
Austria-Hungary
.Norway. ......'.;
Australia..
Egypt .....:.
Canada... .... ....... ..
Great Britain.
Brazil
Chile *"*
Finland ......"
Sweden and Denmark
Gold and Silver.
United States
France 
Belgian) .........
Italy *•**■
Switzerland .....";*•*"
Greece. " """
Spain '
Bulgaria
Haiti.. •-*•
Netherlands
Servla. '.'.'.'""
Koumania ..*
Japan ""-"
Turkey "
Cuba , •••••—
Silver Standard] ""
Central America.....
Mexico.. . • **
Sontu Amerlci.'.'."! !.'.'*
India (8riti5h).........
Russia .;
China..... ••••••....
Straits Settlements' * ' "
............
1 to 15.98
1 to 15.50
1 to 16.50
1 to 15.50
1 to 3 5.50
1 to 15.50
1 to 16 50
1 to 15.50
1 to 15.60
1 to 16.6*2
1 to 15.50
1 to 13.957
1 to 14.08
1 to 13.69
1 to 11. SB
1 to 14.28
1 to 15.68
1 to 14.28
1 to 14.'28
1 to 14.23
1 to 30.40
1 to 15.50
1 to 14.88
1 to 14.85
1 to 14.38
1 to 14.88
1 to 14,88
1 to 14.5*
1 10 14.38
1 to 14.38
1 to 14.38
1 to 14. S8
1 to 15.00
Ito 14.38 !
1 to 14.88
1 to 14.88
Ito 15.91 :
1 to 16.18
1 to 16.78
1 to 15.50
1 to 15.50
1 to 18.50
1 to 16.50
1 to 15.00
1 to 15.00
1 to 15.50
1 to 16.50
1 to 15.00
1 to 15.60
—V-
1— :..........
The figures are from a ret>ort n.r
prepared by the Director of P the mi
<J a circular
at.
SIXTEEN TO ONE.
'My locks are silver, little maid,
"While yours are brightest gold!
Climb on my knee
And tell to me
How old you are — how old V
•Just five to-dar!" Gold Locks replied,
"And how old may you bet"
'•A year or two
Older than you
My pretty one," laughed he.
■I am the Silver question, love;
My days are well-nigh done;
>or Gold Locks, true,
Compared to you,
I'm just sixteen to one!" — Tr
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Brown— They say the best goods come in the
smallest packages.
Jones— l guess that's right. My wife weighs
over 200 pounds.— New York Press.
"Did you know PoDperton is leading a double
life nowadays?"
"No. You don't tell me !"
"Fact* Only yesterday I saw him out walk
ing with his twins."— Truth.
Wiggins— What makes you look so glum,
Bliggins? Is your vacation over?
Bliggins— No; I did not have a vacation, but
my wife did and it is over.— Buffalo Express.
"What do you «uppose will impress Li Hung
Chang more than anything else in America,
Mr. Pitcher ?"
"The fact that American wives are so lively
that a man can't undertake to manage but one
at a time."— Chicago Record.
Custom-house officer— Aha, here we have it!
You told me there was nothing but wearing
apparel in this trunk, and here's a gallon of
brandy.
Tourist— That's correct, and every drink In
it ia a nightcap.— Detroit Free Press.
Buggins— President Cleveland used to bo like
George Washington, but he Isn't eny longer.
Now, why is it?
Guggins— Go on ; spring it.
Bugeins — Because up to last Saturday he was
never known to LL— Buffalo Express.
<*Thii time," said the fashion editress, "I
am really stumped, so to speak."
"What is the matter?" asked the police re
porter.
"A woman wants to know what is the proper
dress to wear wb«n carrying bouquets to a
condemned murderer."— Cincinnati Enquirer.
"Ethel, dear," said her mother, "I tell you
again that when you are sewing you must not
bite off threads with yonr teeth."
"What must I bite them off with?" snapped
Ethel, "my eyelids?"— Chicago Tribune.
"Miss Coldcash," said Charley Chumpleigh,
"don't seem to be much affected by tho not
weather."
"What makes you think so?" asked his com«
panion.
"I met her on the street this morning and it
hadn't melted her icy stare."— Washington
Times. ___________ — —
LITTLE GIRL'S DRESS.
The charming frock Bhown here Is a very
comfortable as well as stylish model for au
tumn school or best dress. The skirt is simpiy
gathered and sewed to the waist, which has a
round yoke to which a full blouse is sewn.
A blue siik with the yoke and sleeve capes of
brown velvet, with an edging of beaver, is a
dainty combination lor a best dress for au
tumn.
A red and blue novelty goods with cord-silk
yoke, cuffs and sleeve capes is another good
combination.
A plain green cloth of cashmere with trim*
mir.gs of flounced velveteen is also stylish.
For a school dress a plain or novelty goods
in many colors can t>e effectively trimmed
with plain silk or velveteen. The sleeve capes
may be left off if desired.
California glace fruits, 50c Ib. Townsand's,'
Special information daily to manufacturar?,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Mr. Billings took up his cup of what tha
landlady called coffee, tasted it, miffed at it
and set it down.
"Have you anything to say against tha
coffee. Mr. Billings?" asked the landlady.
"No, ma'am," answered Billings, "I never
speak 111 of the absent."— lndianapolis Jour*
nal.
Are lou Going East?
The Atlantic and Pacific Hailroad-S*nta F«
ronte— ls the coolest and most comfortable sum"
met line, owing to its elevation and absence from
alkali dnst. Particularly adapted for the tranv
portatlon of families because or its palace draw
ing-room and modern •upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which ran daily throngh from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar and la
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. Ban
Francisco Ticket office. 644 Market street, Chron
icle building. Teiephone, Main 1531. Oakland,
1118 Broadway.
••Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Srmn"
Has been nsed over 50 years by millions of mottun
for their children white Teething with perfect *a>
cess, It soothes the child, softens the gums,»U»7i
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels ail
Isthe beat remedy for Diarrhoea*, whether arUlnt
irom teething or other causes. For sals by Draj
gists in every part of the world. Be sura and iu<
lor Mrs. Wiaslow's Soothing Syrup. '<**« * irtttt*
Cobokaoo.— Atmosphere Is perfectly Art. *"«**
and mild, - being entirely free from the mists eon*
fflco further north. '. ilouud-trip ticket* by ste»a*
ship, liicludlnz fifteen days 1 board at tna Hot* 1*
Coronado, $60; longer stay * i 60 per***/- A ** u '
4^ew on ii ornery at.. San Francisco.
Whkn your food has no relUh the stomach
needs to be cleansed and strengthened by a dose
or two of Ayer"s Tills.
Several years ago Marshall Harris, a wealthy
lumberman of Oshkosh, \V is., bequeathed to tho
city $60,000, to be used in the ouilding of a
library, provided the amount was increased
to $100,000 by other contributions. Senator
Sawyer has recently volunteered to a/ld
$25,000, and it seems probable that the re
maining $15,000 will be forthcoming-
"' raw ; TO-DAT.
Cheapest, Because the Best ,
GAIL BORDEN !
EAGLE BRAND i
CONDENSED MILK i
Rend for that little book " In |^* |
Health;" great value to mother*, bent
w. N. Y. Condensed Milk Co '
I 71 Hudson Street, JS^SLWEuXKSDAV SKPTEMBKR 16.1896
AMUSEMENTS. ■
Bai.tiv.-iv Thkatkb.— "Madame San* Gene."
California Teeatkb.-" On the Bowery."
CortTMBiA Theatke— "A Matrimonial Mare."
Kobcfco's ci KRA-lioush— -The Danger Signal"
Tivoi.l CrrnA-HcrtMc— " Hansel and (JreteL 1
imi-Hicuic-Hl-ii -Class Vaudeville
AI.CA7AK THEAT Kit.- "OUrS."
trTBO Hathr- Bathing and performances.
b»c.OT the Chvtks— Dally at Uulgltt street,
ci.i block east of the I'ark.
Mechanics' Ixbtiti-tk Favilios-
ninth Industrial Exposition. a. . ';
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Family Kxccbsiox— To Camp Taylor, Sunday,
September 2U.
Kxcdbsiox— To the Golden Gate, Sunday, Sep-
tember 20. -^ ..
AUCTION SALES.
Ey Geo. F. Lamsox— day (Wednesday),
Furniture, at 926 sntter street, at 11 o'clock.
By E. s. Speak ft Co.— Thursday, September
17. Bicycles, at 31-33 Sutter street, at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair Wednesday— Local forecast official.
The will of Lydia A. Spalding was yesterday
filed for probate.
The Druids enjoyed a banquet last night at
the Maison St. Germain.
To-day the Woman Suffragists have an out
ing on Mount Tanialpais.
The Howard Republican Club had a rousing
reunion at Pythian Cftxtle last evening.
The Supreme Court has granted a new trial
in the case of the People vs. W. A. Sanders.
E. H. Dougherty and William Smith were ar
rested yesterday on a charge of cruelty to ani
mals.
The Grand Jury will present its final report
to Judge Slack Thursday or Friday of this
week.
Baron Moritz Stach yon Gottzheim was sued
yesterday by a collector, for an unsatisfied doc
tor's bill.
William W. Adams of Butte, Mont., is here.
He say 6 the ore output of Butte is about 8000
tons a day.
The eighty-sixth anniversary of Mexican in
dependence is being celebrated with much
enthusiasm.
The trial of Emma Ashley for assault to
murder E. J. Baldwin was yesterday begun in
Judge Bahr»' conrt.
On and after the 24th instant tne Portland
train, now due in this City at 10:45 a. m., will
arrive at 11:15 a. k.
The Ashley- Baldwin case will be resumed
on Sepiember 29, when arguments will be
heard by Judge Siack.
Frank Eajjleson, the shirt manufacturer,
broke his right leg last Sunday while journey
ing to San Andreas Lake.
Coal wa« discovered last Saturday on the
land of the Slavonian Catholic colony in Eden
Valley, Mendociuo County.
Reduced rates for shipments of dried fruit
to Europe have been arranged for by the
Southern Pacific Company.
A German Catholic colony consisting of 400
families will settle on a tract of 55,000 acres
of land in Monterey County.
There will begin to-night at the old St.
Mary's College, on the Mission road, an espe
cially attractive entertainment.
Tirey I- Ford, Colonel J. P. Jackson and
Judge J. A. Waymire addressed the National
Republican League last evening.
Mrs. EaL. Hays, 18 years of age, committed
■uictde in her home, 421 Fourth street, by
taking carbolic acid last evening.
The contest over the property of Cornelius
Kinrr has been compromised. The contestants
get $80,000 of the $200,000 estate.
AH of the Irish societies of Northern Cali
fornia have united to aid the Irish prisoners
just set free and to ask for amnesty for others.
Tom Tracey, the Australian, arrived from
New T*»rk yesterday aud will be trained by
Billy Delaney for his contest with George
tireeu.
Local milling exhibitors at the fair are pro
testing against the presence of an Eastern ex
hibitor in the home products exposition ia the
I'uvilion.
There '.vas a lively fight in the lodging
house, 742 Howard street, ln«t nißht, two men
getting cut and a woman having her shoulder
blade broken.
Chprles Pscberhofer, real estate agent, was
arrested yesterday afternoon on the complaint
of Mrs. Anna Swisstg, tor obtaining money by
Jalse pretenses.
T!ie adoption of the new charter was ably
ndvocnted by. Messrs. Dohrroann, Phelan and
Freud at a meeting of the Panhandle Improve
ment Club last night.
The defense in the Winthrop case has been
presented, and the closing argument for the
prosecution will be delivered by District At
torney Barnes this morning.
Philip Wand, 410 Post street, swore to com
plaints yesterday charging Samuel T. Hughes,
drugeist, Post and Powell streets, with threats
to kill and exhibiting a deadly weapon.
The charge of perjury against B. F. Xap
thaly was yesterday dismissed because the
bail bond on which be qualified tor f 1500, on
which statement he was accused, was de
fective.
The People's party held its municipal con
vention l«u*t nlgnt and elected Dr. G. W. Day
wait temporary chairman. The delegates were
al! seated and permanent organization will be
effected to-night.
The case of Alice Diekason Blythe, who was
arrested for vagrancy on Sunday, was dis
missed yesterday on a showing that the quon
dam claimant of thcßly the estate is in receipt
of $200 a month.
The whaling brig Hidalgo is reported ashore
near Point Hope. She lias also been reported
as having taken two whales, but no confirma
tion hRS been received. The question now is
which story is correct?
Lillian Swain, the young colored girl who
was stolen from her parents in Washington,
D. C, thirteen years ago, will, through the
kindness of Chief Crowley, bo enabled to re
join them in a few days.
An effort wag made yesterday at the meet
ing of the Manufacturers' ana Producers' As
sociation to have F. H. Dingle, the embezzling
ex-a*«i6tant secretary, prosecuted on felony
charges, but the effort failed.
Attorneys J. P. Langhorne and W. H. H.
Hart became involved in an altercation in
Judge Coffey's court yesterday find Langhorne
slapped Hart's face. Langhorne will be pun
ished for contempt of court this morning.
Arrangement* are under way for an excur
sion of prominent Republicans from this State
to Canton, Ohio, in order to permit them to
pay their respects to Major William McKinley,
the Presidential nominee of the Republican
party.
President Colnon of the Harbor Commis
•ion has been summoned to Sacramento in re
gard to the new ferry depot. Many changes
nave been suggested, and the State Board of
Kxamiuers want to know the why aud the
■wherefore.
The Kelly-Mahoney alleged primaries took
place yesterday, at which probably 500 votes
in all were cast throughout the City, and no
less thaa 10,680 were reported to be ca«t. It
wrfs the greatest fake thing that has happened
in politics for some time.
Mrs. Esther German, charged by her hus
band, who 6eeks a divorce, with having been
married thirteen times, denies tne statement
as wnolly false and says that she has been
married only three times, and that her present
husband has badly mistreated her.
SEW TO-DAT.
EVERYJKINDi
HUMOR
FROM
PIMPLES
TO
SCROFULA
Speedily cared by CrmcrniA Resolvkxt,
greatest of humor cures, assisted externally
by warm baths with Ccticura SoAP, and
gentle application* of Cctiocba (ointment),
the great skin cure, when all else fails.
Bold throughout the world. Trice. Cpticuba, Met
BOir. 24c. hEsoLTKjrT, 60c. »nd $1. .for 1 " D»oo
a*d Cih. Cobp., Sole Prop*., DotU,u. V. ,b. A. ;
*»- " ttow to Cure ETerj Humor, muwa free.
ANOTHER WHALER
DEPORTED LOST
Was Driven Ashore in a
Gale Near Point
Hope.
NO LIVES REPORTED LOST
Captain and Crew Got Ashore
Near the Life Saving
Station.
THE NEW FERRY STRUCTURE.
President Colnon Summonrd to Sao
ramento by the Board of
Examiners.
The fate of the whaling brig Hidalgo
seems to be somewhat in doubt. A few
weeks ago news arrived from the north to
the effect that the whaler was reported
with two whales, and yesterday a private
letter to Bruce, Bowne & Co. stated that
the brig was hard and fast on the beach
near Point Hope. The news came to
Seattle on the schooner Jessie, and the
only dispatch received in this City was as
follows: "The brig Hidalgo, is a wreck
on the beach about a mile from my house.
I received your letter and box." This was
dated from Point Hope on July 30, and
was signed by a well-known Alaskan
trader.
The Hidalgo went ashore In almost the
same place a few years ago, and the ac
companyiug cut is taken from a sketch
made at that time. She is, or wa3, one of
the old-timers, having been forty-one
years in active service. She was at one
time a lumber-carrier, but recently her
main business has .been whaling. The
season before last she did not fit out, and
was laid up in Oakland Creek. Lust year
Captain Lew Williams took her out and
with Bruce, Bowne & Co. got her ready
for sea. During her career she was re
markably lucky, and time and again came
back with the best catch of the season.
On this occasion she seems to have been
in hard look. She was built in Maine In
1855, and at one time was a clipper on the
Atlantic. When she left here on the
present cruise Captain C. F. Gifford was
in command; John Wells, first mate;
John San .Francisco, second mate; Chris-
A Report Received by Bruce, Bowen & Co. Yesterday States That the WhaUn^^SSSS^^SSt^S^SS^SStLSi
Month and Became a Total Loss. The Accompanying Sket:h Is Made From a Picture cf the Brig When She Went Ashore
in Almost the Same Place Several Seasons Ago.
tian Bten, third mate; Frank Graham and
Pedro LoDes, boatsteerers; Joe Katch,
steward, and H. Kawai, cook. These men
and the entire crew of thirty-one, all told,
were saved; but the chance? are that the
old-timer will be a total loss, and there is
not a cent of insurance on her.
The State .Board of Examiners is after
the State Board of Harbor Commissioners.
The new Jerry depot is under discussion
and the Harbor Commissioners have to
make explanations. Numerous changes
have been made in the plans of the late
A. Page Brown, not one of which has
been approved by Chief Eneineer Holmes.
The board has rejected the suggestions
whenever they were made and the Risdon
Iron Works has been ordered to complete
its contract according to specifications.
Still changes aggregating an increase of
$15,000 have been recommended by Archi
tect fciwain, and the Board of Examiners
want to know the why and the wherefore.
A meeting has been called for the 21st
inst. and President Colnon has Jieen sum
moned to De in attendance and bring all
papers bearing on the new ferry depot
with him. He will obey the order and
place all the information in the hands of
the board. The original plans and speci
fications mode by the late A. Page Brown
have been ordered placed in the Safe De
posit vaults and the work of building the
depot will be done from copies. Just
what the trouble is remains to be seen,
but one thing is Bure — no extra money
wiJl be expended while Chief Engineer
Holmes is in charge of affairs.
President Colnon put himself on record
yesterday. "We have a man drawing
considerable money out of that building
(the new ferry depot), and I think he
should be a&ked to give us some particu
lars," said he. "Why can't he supply us
with the weights of the beams and the
test of the tensile strength of the stuff?
I am satisfied that everything is all right,
but we must haVe facts and figures in or
der to answer questions when we are
called upon as in the present instance."
President Colnon wiJl Jeave for Sacra
mento on the 21st inst. and the chances
are that he will take with him all the in
formation the architect can gather on the
subject.
The question of lights in the ferry post
office was discussed and on Chief Engineer
Holmes' recommendation it was decided
to curtail the number of burner*. Too
many lights w,ete provided for each man
and a needless expense was entailed. An
efficient electric light service will be put in
and no one will suffer.
A pnssage-way from the ferries to the
postoflice will be put in, as at present
teams cannot pass when the mail wagons
are being used.
Healy, Tibbitta & Co. objected to a cut
of $100 in their bill for wort done on Pa
cific-street wharf. Chief Engineer Holmes
pointed out a number of alterations that
had to be mude, but Mr. Healy showed
that everything had been completed to
the satisfaction of the inspectors and a
good job made of the structure. The mat
ter was taken under consideration.
Another attempt at catching a whale
has been inaugurated. Two boats went
out yesterday, and if tliey are successful
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1896.
the mammal will be towed to San Fran
cisco and hoisted into a barge by the
wrecker Whitelaw. It will then be dis
emboweled and preserved. The hunters
have a Hairside gun with them. It has a
range of 150 yards and tires two bombs,
one of which carries the harpoon. The
men expect to secure a whale inside of
three days, and if their hopes are realized
will have it in port inside of a week.
Special Police Officer T. F. Duffey nearly
lost his life at the hands of a tramp yes
terday. The tramp was slashing rnusk
melor<s on Jackson-street wharf and Duf
fey called him to account. The slasher
backed the officer up against the wall and
made several wild thrusts at him. Duffay
got away, but the tramp was quicker and
made his escape. Several members of the
harbor police gave chase, but the man was
not caught.
LILLIAN SWANN HAPPY
After Thirteen Years' Separation From
Her Parents She Will Soon
Kejoin Them.
Lillian Swarm, the colored girl who was
stolen from her parents in Washington,
D. C, thirteen years ago and located in
this City last week, will soon leave to join
them again.
Chief Crowley a few days ago received a
letter from Major Moore, Superintendent
ot Police in Washington, that the girl's
parents were respectable, but too poor to
pay her fare back. The Chief became in
terested in the girl after seeing her and
determined to help her rejoin her pa
rents.
Yesterday he procured free transporta
tion for her as far as Chicago, and he will
delray the additional fare out of his own
pocket to take her from there to Washing
ton. The girl will leave for Washington
about September 28, and yesterday the
Chief wired Major Moore to that effect.
TWO OLYMPIANS AT WAR
Philip Wand Wants Samuel F.
Hughes, the Druggist,
Arrested.
He Charges Him With Threats to
Kill and Exhibiting a Deadly
Weapon.
A valuable setter dog has caused serious
trouble between two well-known members
of the Olympic Club, Samuel F. Hughes,
druggist on Powell and Post streets, and
Philip Wand. 410 Post street.
Wand yesterday swore to complaints be
fore Judge Campbell charging Hughes
with threats to kill and exhibiting a deadly
weapon in a rude and threatening man
ner.
The complaints were written out by
Warrant Clerk Graham of Judge Joachim
sen's court and to him Wand told his
story.
"I own a valuable setter," said Wand,
"and Hughes owns another. About two
weeks ago he asked me to bring my dog
from the country as he wanted to see it.
I told him 1 bad no accon. modation lor
the dog, and he said that would be all
ri^ht ; he would keep it in his store.
"I sent for the dog and took it to
Hughes' store. He got jealous of ray dog,
thinking, I suppose, it could beat his in
the coming f-eld trials at Stockton, and re
fused to keep it any longer.
"Late iaat night, just as Hughes had
closed his store, Charley Morroll and I
were passing. Morrell had his bull pup
with him and Huehes wanted to bet $50
that his cocker spaniel would whip the
ball pun. I told him he wouldn't bet 5
cents that he was alive. He got mad and
said he supposed I was angry b"cause he
had put out my doe, and we had some
words.
"I stepped toward him and he pulled a
gun oat of his pocket. He backed away,
keeping nis gun pointed at me, and
threatened to bore me full of holes if I
came nearer him. I was unarmed, and as
I believed he would carry out his threat
Morrell and I left him."
Hughes was arrested last evening and
booked at the City Prison. He was imme
diately released on his own recognizance
by Judge Campbell.
H. F. STOLZ EXONERATED
The Accusation Against Him of Selling
Diseased Meat Summarily Dismissed
After Thorough Invest Ration.
H. F. Stolz, the popular young batcher
of 512 Castro street, has been absolutely
exonerated of all connection with the
alleged misdem eanor of "selling diseased
meat It appears that the charge was
based upon a mistake, and when investi
gated the accusation was found absolutely
without foundation.
The following official notice clearly ex
plains the matter:
- " Ban Francisco, CM. Sept. 13, 1896.
H. F. Stolz, 512 Castro street— Dear
Sir: .Replying to your request of recent
date, I will state that the charge preferred
against you of selling diseased meat was
dismissed.
A fine of $10 was imposed on you for
slaughtering cattle within the limits of
the City of San Francisco. Yours respect
fully. Fbsdebick McGregor,
Attorney-at-law.
Burglary on a Bark.
Duncan McLean, captain of the bark Ravens
court, swore to a complaint in Judge Joachim-
Beu's court yesterday charging John McKewn,
a sailor, with burglary. The captain alleged
that McKewn broke into his cabin Monday
afternoon and stole come clothing and other
articles.
Hli Jaw Fractured.
Chester Rosenbrook, a boy 4 years of age,
was kicked by a hone belonging to his father,
a rancher on the San Bruno road, yesterday.
His law was fractured and he was taken to the
City and County Hospital.
rrunks Moved 35 Cents.
Commercial Transfer ■ Co., ■43 Butter street.
Telephone Main 43. Keep four checks tor us.*
MRS. SPALDING'S
WILL IS FILED
Disposition of the Property
of the Late Society-
Leader.
LEFT A FAIR FORTUNE.
Hotel Bella Vista Bequeathed to
Her Best Friend and Her
Maid.
LEGACIES LEFT TO SERVANTS.
Jewelry and Other Personal Property
Devised to Various Friends and
Relatives.
The will of Lydia A. Spalding has been
filed for probate. Mrs. Spalding is the
well-known society leader who died on
September 12. leaving property valued at
about $30,000 and a life insurance policy
for $25,000.
The real property is situated at Belve
dere and is known as "Heartsease," but is
not rented. The value of the estate con
sists of ready money, the furniture and
good will of the Bella Vista Hotel and v
number of bills due the deceased, the
number and value of which are not men
tioned.
\V. F. Goad is named as executor, with
out bonds, and is bequeathed $3000, trhich
he is to accept in full payment for his
services. He was yesterday granted
special letters of administration by Judge
Slack.
The will has no date except 1896, but
Mr. Goad says that it was drawn in April.
Dr. Beverly MacMonaglo and George W.
Hpencer are the attesting witnesses.
Mrs. Spalding signed the document at
tne bottom of the final page, not in the
place where she should have placed her
signature. It is also stated that she has
initialed the margin of each page, but the
markings referred to do not appear.
The Bella Vista Hotel is bequeathed. to
Mrs. Augusta F. Tracy, an intimate friend
of Mrs. .Spalding, and to Miss Mary P.
Marshall, who is described as her "faith
ful maid." A number of other bequests
are made, as appears in the will, a copy of
wnich follows:
I, Lydia A. Spalding of the City and Connty
of fcan Francisco, Btate of California, being of
inuna disposing mind and memory, and not
acting under duress, menace, fraud or undue
Infloonce of any person whatsoever, do make,
publish and declare this my last will and
testament in manner following, that is to say :
First— l give and bequeath to my sister,
Helen Bush of Brighton, Colo., $2000.
Second— l give and bequeath unto my
brother, Alexander Benham of Helena, Mon
tana, $10.
Third— l give, devise and bequeath nnto my
friend, Mrs. Augusta F. Tracy, my house and
lots, together with the iurnitnre therein, in
Belvedere, known by the name "Heartsease."
If my sdid houie and lots be sold during my
lifetime, I give unto my said friend, Mrs.
Augusta F. Tracy, a sum of money equal to
the proceeds derived from the sale oi said
house and lots.
Fourth— l give and bequeath unto my
cousin, LHlie T. Hume. $10,000, the same to
be her separate property and to be wholly free
from the control oi any husband gne may now
or hereafter have.
Fifth— l bequeath unto my faithful maid,
Mary I. Marshall, 11 in xny employ at the
time of my death, $5000.
Sixth— lf at the time of mr death I shall still
be the proprietor of the Hotel Bella Vista, I
give, devise and beaucath all my interest and
estate therein unto my friend, Mrs. Augusta
F. Tracy, and my maid, Mary i\ Marshall,
share mid share alike together.
Seventh— l giro and bequeath to Frank S.
Johnson the portrait of my beloved husband,
i»r. Volney Spalding.
Eighth— l give and bequeath my portrait,
and also the sum of $5000, to my friend, Lester
O. Peck.
Ninth— l give and bequeath my large clock
and my smail tea-table to Mrs. Lloyd Rawliugs
of Oakland.
Tenth — I give and bequeath nnto my cooaln,
John A. Phillips of Chicago, for his daughter
Lydia, my namesake, all of my silver, both
table and toilette.
Eleventh— l give and bequeath to Dr. C. B.
Brigham, a kind friend; of my husband, the
doctor's gold goblet and the two water colors
by Loughpie.
Twelfth— l give and bequeath the doctor's
watch to Hewitt Norton of New Orleans.
Thirteenth— l Rive and bequeath to Dr. B.
MeeMonagle $3000. as an acknowledgment
lor kind attention during my long illness.
Fourteenth— l jtive and bequeath to my
friend, Mrs. F. B. Reynolds, $3000.
Fif.eenth— l give and bequeath unto my
servant, Theodore Stewart, if in my employ at
the tim 6 of my death, $500.
Sixteenth— l give and bequeath to Mrs. LQtte
T. Hume my Japanese cabinet and my large
ruby ring.
Seventeenth — I give and bequeath unto Mrs.
Hannah Taxton my yellow diamond ring.
Eighteenth — I give and bequeath my sap
phire ring to Mrs. Mary McClelland.
Nineteenth— l give and bequeath to my
sister-in-law, Addle Bell Benham, my watch,
chatelaine and also the piano in my own
apartment.
Twentieth— l give and bequeath to my
cousin, Mrs. Robert Anderson, my painting
of violets.
Twenty-first— l give and bequeath to my
aunt, Jennie Dougias, the Turkish embroidery
on wall in reception-room and one of the rugs
in the lower hall
Twonty-second— l give and bequeath to my
eoasin, John A. I'aillips of Chicago, my large
inlaid table, sofa, tapestry and chair.
Twenty-third— l give and bequeath to Mrs.
W. S. Tevis my large teak table.
Twenty-fourth— l give and bequeath to Mrs.
Augusta Tracy my eichings, laudscape by
Hart, my sealskin circular and my marquise
ring.
Twenty-fifth— l give and bequeath to Mary
P. Marshall my picture, "Waiting and Watch-
Ing," my engagement ring and the doctor's
emerald pin.
Twenty-sixth— l give and bequeath to Mary
Chester my opal spider.
Twenty-seventh— l give and bequeath to Mrs.
Whittaker my pansy pin.
Twenty-eighth— l Rive and bequeath to
Bishop Whittaker my library of books.
Twenty-ninth— I give and bequeath to mv
friend W. F. Goad $3000, the sane to be in
full for all services rendered by him as ex
ecutor of my estate, as hereinbelow appointed.
Lastly— l hereby nominate and appoint my
friend W. F. Goad the executor of this my last
wiil and testament, and direct that no bond or
bonds be required of him for the performance
of any duty as such executor, and 1 hereby re
voke all former wills by me made.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and seal this day of ,in the year
of our Lord 1896. [Seal.]
The foregoing instrument, consisting of three
pages besides this.Jmarked upon the margin
thereof with her initials, was at the date here
of by the said Lydia A. Spald ing signed, sealed
and published as and declared to be her last
will aid testament in the presence of us, who,
at her jequesi and in. her presence and in the
presence of each other, have subscribed our
names as witnesses thereto.
Beverly MacMo^aglb.
1311 Hyde.
Geo. W. Spekcer,
Hotel Bella Vista.
Lydia A. Spalding,
Hotel Vella Vista.
A CHINESE DOCTRESS.
She Will Speak To-M e ht at Calvary
Church.
The Young People's Society of Christian
Endeavor of Calvary Presbyterian Church
have been makine extensive preparations
for a grand missionary rally, which they
will hold to-night at 7:45 o'clock.
Robert Cle'and, president of the Chris
tian Endeavor Society, will have charge of
the meeting.
Mr. Cleland has secured as one of the
speakers for the evening Dr. Kirn Eca da
Silva, who will deliver an address on "The
Possibilities of the Oriental Women."
Dr. Kirn Eca da Silva is the only native
Chinese woman who has ever graduated
from an American college. Leaving China
at an early ace she went to the New York
Woman's Medical College, where she
studied medicine. Graduating in 1884 she
returned to China to practice, where aim
met and married Eca da Silva, a native of
Spain. Bhe has now returned to this
country with the intention of practicing
on this coast, and at the meeting will give
an interesting account of her own life and
the great possibilities which are open to
ail Chinese women.
, During the evening musical selections
will be rendered by Dr. da Silva's hus
band, who is especially gifted in the ren
dering of Oriental music.
Chief Crowley Thanked.
Chief Crowley yesterday received a letter
from Sheriff Cunningham of Stockton, thank
ing him for sending Detectives silvey and
Kgan there during the Native Sons' celebra
tion and for the effective services they ren
dered in looking out for "crooks." A number
of local thieves known to the detectives were
in Stockton during the celebration and were
effectually kept out of mischief.
HEW TO-DAT.
If other tea were roasted
fresh like Schillings Best,
some of it would be as good.
In the meantime, Schil-
ling's Best is your tea.
At grocers' in packages.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco BSI
ANOTHER CHANCE
FOR W. A. SANDERS
The Supreme Court Grants
His Plea for a New
Trial.
OLD MYSTERY REVIVED.
No Explanation of the Strange
Disappearance of William
Wootton. .
THE VE EDICT IS SET ASIDE.
The Convicted Man Will Have an Op.
portunity to Clear His Name
From Shame.
W. A. Sanders, whose connection with
the Wootton case led to his conviction for
forgery about a year ago, has been granted
another chance to prove his innocence.
Yesterday the Supreme Court, allowed
him a new trial, thus bringing once more
to public notice one of the most mysteri
ons murder cases in the history of the
State.
Sandors is now a man of 60 years, and
has long been prominent in educational
circles, having been very successful as a
public schoolteacher, in Fresno, where
be lived with his family, resided William
Wootton, a wealthy ranch-owner, with
whom Sanders was very friendly. In 1894
Sanders suggested to Wootton that he
should sell his large farm. Wootton acqui
esced, ana it was arranged that the prop
erty should be sold to two friends of Sand
ers' named, respectively. Graves and
Knansch, for $50,000. An installment of
$20,000 was paid to Sanders on the Ist of
February, 1894.
On the same day Wootton disappeared,
and nothing has been heard of him since.
Some time after Wootton'a disappear-'
ance Sanders pres ented and cashed a check !
for $1400, purport ing to have been drawn
by Wootton against the firm of Kutna,
Goldstein & Co. Meanwhile the mysteri
ous absence of Wootton had occasioned
much talk, and eventually Sanders was
accus ed of making away with him. The
case was tr ied, but it was found impossi
ble to fix the guilt of murder upon San
ders. He was, however, convicted of forg
in c Wootton's name to the check.
The men Graves and Knausch were
sought high and low, but could not be
found; and it was surmised that the names
were fi ctitious. Sanders, in disgrace and
under the shadow of a damning and terri
ble, though unproved, accusation of mur
der, was sent into confinement as a con
vie led forger.
In granting the motion for a new trial
the Supreme Court says:
It was incumbent upon the prosecution to
show that the instrument purporting to have
been executed by William AVooitou wns in fact
a forgery. One mode by which they undertook
to establish this was by evidence that Wootton
was dead before the day upon which the in
strument bore dale. True, this would not con
clusively establish the Jalse character of tho
draft, for a man might postdate such an in«tru
ment. Nevertheless, it would be evidence
tending to Fhow its false character. Again.it
was a proper part of the case of the prosecution
to show that the defendant uttered and passed
the instrument, knowing it to be forgea, and,
if the prosecution could establish to the satis
faction of the jury :hat Wootton had died be
fore the day upon which the instrument bore
date, and that Sanders knew of his death, it
would unquestionably be strong evidence tend
ing to show that he knowingly passed a forged
instrument.
But the prosecution having the undoubted
right to prove these things was not to be de
prived of that right merely because the prov
ing of the death of Wootton involved the evi
dence ot the crime of murder against th.^
defendant. The prosecution, iv proving the
death of Wootton, was entitled to show the
manner of nis death, and n, in so showitip.it
was made to appear that he ba>i been foully
dealt with, and had come to his end at the
hands of the defendant, it was not for that
reuson to be excluded from the consideration
of the jury. The evidence was thus not intro
duced to besmirch the defendant or ca>t un
warranted suspicion upon him. It was neces
sarily introduced in proof of a material fact,
which it was competent for the prosecution to
show. For this reason the evidence tending to
show that Wootton was dead was admissible,
even though it tended to Bhow that he was
murdered by Sanders.
Under the circumstances and under the na
ture of the evidence which had been brought
to bear aeainst Sanders he should have been
allowed the fullest latitude in the matter.
The court, however, under objections from
the prosecution, iefuscd to admit the evidence
of Traver, aud left such fragments of it as were
admitted in an eviscerated and well nigh un
intelligible condition. This was a hardship
and injury to the defendant. The importance
to the defendant Sanders of evidence, even the
slightest, showing or tending to show that
after that time Wootton was seen in the com
pany presumably oi the two men whom tho
prosecution claims to be myths is manifest,
SEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
MECHANICS' FAIR.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION
PAVILION, LAKKIX STREET,
Grandest Exposition on Record.
HINRICHS' FINE ORCHESTRA.
Wednesday, September 16— Anniversary Mcx-
I ican Independence; Mandolin Clnbs.
Thursday, September 17— Ireland's Night.
Friday, September 18— Oakland Night; Reliance
Glee Club. • . . -. -
Saturday, September 19— Berkeley Night; Fire-
men's Night. "sjr,!>
mm FOR THE FIVE best exhibits
September 11 to October I.
PRIZES— 6 GOLD MEDALS.
——Admission 25c, Children 15c.
OPEN DATC AKDEYEXINO.
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Seen io Railway on Earth. I
Open Daily from 1 to 11 p. Ji.
EVERY EVENING AT 1O O'CLOCK.
ANTONIO PIRRI
Will COAST THK CHUTES and Land In the
Lake on a Safety Bicycle.
A GREAT BILL IN THE CASINO !
QXJEF.NA DE REIN, from Roster & Bials.
BJiLLK KIRBY, Queen of Sword Walkers.
The ROYAL JAPANESE ACROBAT&
A Mile Bicycle Race on the Stage.
And a Host of Attractions.
ADMISSION to CENTS.
Chlldren,lncludlng.\lerry-(io-Kound Hide, 5 cent*
POPULAR RATES
TO CAMP TAYLOR
AMI If ««B m p For the BOUND TRIP;
INI V B *lU Children tinder 13, 40c.
Ullbl 111 SKXT SUNDAY, Sept.
20. Two Special Trains leave Sausaiito Ferry at
8 and 10 a. m. ' Every ticket guarantees a seat.
Tickets at Ferry Sunday,- or at Locke's Office, 333
O'Farrell street, dally until 9 p. K. Jos. Bertrand
will serve an extra dinner at noon.
REV TO-DA-t:
I 8100 d... 1
I ' Bubbles, jj
V Those pimples or blotches ?!'
r that disfigure your skin, are 5
V blood bubbles. They mark d
C the unhealthy condition of the ( ' \
jo blood-current that throws them <j[
(J? up. You must get down to £j>
\>> the blood, before you can be j|
<i> rid of them. Local treatment i>
) is useless. It suppresses, but y\
) does not heal. The best rem- $'
I edy for eruptions, scrofula,
> sores, and all blood diseases, is <! '
I Ayer's \
Sarsaparilla. >
and no discussion is needed to show' the in
jury which the ruling worked.
Many of the instructions proposed by the de
fendant were not fully embraced In the
instructions piven. Defendant's proposed in
structions as to the reception Dy the jury of
evidence ofextrn judicial admissions or conces
sions were not objectionable in law, and should
have been (riven. The jury was not to be de
barred from considering this evidence with
all The evidence in the case, because the death
oi Wootton might not have been proved to
their satisfaction beyond a reasonable doubt,
for the death of Wootton might not have been
under the evidence, and, in the view of the
jury, necessary to be conclusively esublixhed
to warrant a verdict. If, however, the jury
believed from the evidence that the defendant
was not guilty unless it was proved that Woot
toon wes dead and that Sanders knew of his
death; then, under such a stat3 of the evi
dence, it would unquestionably be incumbent
upon the pro-eeution to estab-ish the fact of
his death and of the defendant's knowledge
of that fact beyond and to the exclusion of any
reasonable doubt.
NEW TO-JUAT— AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN Fa CO.'S THEATERS.
Ig. at the T] LAST 4 SIGHTS.
O/^LDwfpf MATINEE
._ . SATURDAY
TUB ENGLISH VERSION
Of Sardou's Great Napoleonic Play,
' l l>/LAJDAJULm sans QENB"
(MADAME DON'T CABS),
With KATHKYN KIDDEB in the Title Role.
I^ast Presentation Will Occur
Next Saturday .Evening Sept. 19.
Monday, scntemb>-r 21— —
Theater Closed for Two Weeks.
Monday, October 5
"TUB PRISONER OF ZENDA."
i i — aca. —
/1 A ATTME . AND
CaiTforNjA I lot WEEK.
I. AST I'KRFOEMASCES!
A TRUK PICTURE OF LIFE IN
GREATER NEW YORK.
"ON THE BOWERY!"
WITH
STEVEJ3RODIE
SEE THE FUNNY BOWERY
SCENES AND SPECIALTIES.
CALIFORNIA POPULAR PRICES.
Evenings— to fl. Matinees— 2sc. 50c and 750
'rRICOUWOULCOTTIOD *'&' itsits am MAnACtRS • • •
, "I THANK "I IT'S
(tOl) ;.\V. vi I OVER."
That's what a prominent lawyer said last
nijjlit of
AMATBIMO^^
He just coold notlaugn any more.
The very runniest comedy ever played by
THE FRAff LEY COMPANY!
NextMonilay— "lN SPITE OF ALL."
Too we 1 known to require comment. \
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
bus. jL.it.:> jiii-iNji. jvkki.ind, 1-ropr.oLoc &^i.jk*jk£ii
The Ora-rxci Opera. Season
— this —
Humperdtnck's Fairy Opera. In Three Acts,
HANSEL m (MEL!
Illustrated by
A BTIPHOSY OECIESTRI OF THIRTY.
Excellent Cast.
Beantiful Scenery. "
Characteristic Costumes. ■
Brilliant Light Effects.
In Preparation— ••AIDA I"
Verdi's Spectacular Grand Opera, in five acts.
Beturn of the Favorites.
Popular Prices— 2so and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSB.
WAUKK MOROSCO. Sola Lessee aai "fflAir
WON" IMMEDIATE SUCCESS!
"THE DANGER SIGNAL"
By Henry C. de'Mille. author of "The Wife.' "Th*
Charity Ball," "Men and Women," eic
A Play of Enthralling Interest.
Wonderful Mechanical and Scenic Effects — A
Cannon - hall Express Train — lilant
Kotary snow l'low.
: - :: FOURTH SUCCESSFUL WEEK OP '
LOTTIE WILLIAMS - KD J. HERON
In New £ong» and Specialties. ;
Evening Prices— loc. 200 and 500.
- O'FarreU Street Beiw«v»n Stockton and Powell.
Week Commencing Monday. Sept. 14,
Note the New Celebrities!
Matinee To-Day (Wednesday), Sept. 10.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; .Balcony, any seat, 10c.
. ■ Children, 10c, any part.
ABDULLAH !
Most Darin:,' Bifrn-wim l'erformer In the World,
LEW HAWKINS ! MLLE. ALMA!
Bellman ami Moore, Filson ana Krroli, Vassar
Quartet, Marguerite Ferguson. Terry and Elmer,
Ferguson and Mack ant others.
O'Farr»ll Street, Between Stockton and PowelL
13 KI.ASCO, Doask & Jordan, i>sseei & Managers.
Another Emphatic Success! A Week of Great Funt
. The Charming Military Comedy, "OIKS,"
By the Alcazar Stock Company.
Prices— lsc, 25c, 35c smd sOe. Telephone
Black 991. Secure Your .Seats In Advance.
NOTABLE
BAY EXCURSION
To Witness MB. CHAS. CAVILL
SWIM THE GOLDEN GATE!
Under the Auspices of the California '
Swimming Club.
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20,
On which occasion the splendid large V Ferry
steamer NEWARK of the S. P. Co. and th«
ALITO of the K. P. C. E. R. Co. will talt«
excursionists to the Golden Gate, and after the
swimming exhibition an
Excursion Around the Bay Will Be Made.
TICKETS 50c. ; CHILDREN 3 50.
Steamers will leave their respective slips, foot of
Market street, at 1 .'6O p. M. " ;..■:■.:
T. 11. GOOD AN. F. B. LATHAM,
O. P. A.. S. P. Co. • G. P. A., K. j». C. K. K. CO,
SUTRO BATHS.
' ' . Open Dally from 7a. m. Until 11 p. it ! ;
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
General Admission— Adults 10c, Children sc.
78
M I I 1 1 I i lull 'ill II ili II
Hciferous in his demand that the report be
Madopte<i. It was finally decided that the
Breport should be taken up and considered
at which nearly half the house
I rose and left.
The committee on credentials then re-
I ported favorably on the credentials of the
I various delegates as follows:
H Twenty-eighth District— Joseph AsburyJohn
■ son, J. C. Gore, R. L). Vivian, 11. C. Brown,
I Thomus H. Vivian.
Twenty-ninth— T. IT. Porter, K. S. Barney,
■ \V. J. Greer, C. H.Welch, Charles D. Rogers,
I John Dalquest, J. M. Portrr, Howard Warren.
■ Thirtieth— O. J. Porter, T. J. O'Connor, M. ri.
■ Mullnney, Thomas 11. Dunham, Sriwaxd iiintz,
■ K. !.. Davis, 1). L. Howard, J. C. Perry, George
I J. Richardson.
Thirty-flrrt— C. F. P^ck. \V. K. Walker. C. D.
I Gillespie, Pirnier Faulhaber, Henry Happert,
■ ('. B. Sedgwick, Fred K. Wetz, J. K. Philips, W.
I; A. Lewi*.
T.iirty-secorsd— F. M. Livengood, Charles
■ ■ Krick.st-ii. Tnomas Howard, J. S. Hamilton.
■ Alexander H. Incermr.n. O. H. Lewi*, Thomas
■ C. Kerr, P. K. Krickson. F. J. Jucater.
Thirty-thira— Thomas IVimington, J. M. Cus
■ ter, K. E. Raymond, M. K. Dour lass, R. P.
I Hale, li. i). Greene, J. K. Carter, J. U. .Mo
m lema, W. W. Magarv.
Thirty-fourtli— J. J. Spencer, Fred Miller, B.
■ G. Hp.skell, H. W. Kl. truer. K. L. Rylkojrel,
I Fred Doinert. J. L. York, Robert Fay, A. W.
I Thompson.
Thirty-fifth— H. A. Clifford, Stewart Lunney,
I R. V. Cruse, W. H. Foley, James 8. Bailey,
I George W. Sawyer, James i'almer, li. \V. Doyle,
I James Horgaa.
Thirty-sixth— J. D. Thompson, W..J. Cuth-
I bertson, J. K. Ruckstel), J. M. Sloper. F. X.
I Holscher, Mortou Howard, J. A. Anthony, A.
I I\. Kiune.
I > .Thirty-seventh— Richard Mohrtens, George
I F. Siivey, W. R. Reynolds. J. M/ Hosue, George
I Hurley," O. 1.. Kooi. Louis Bennster, Joseph
I Reilly"; Thomas V. Cator.
Thirty-eighth— Lue Vzinn.
Thirty-ninth— T. U. Hatch, F. M. Tuley. W-
I B. Duniap, Carleton H. Johnson, Frank Lan
|: miik, Louis Chester, H. J. Uoey, Charles Cat-
I tern, J. W. Reay.
KortieTh— Abner Walker, W. Gamhs. K. \
The City and County Convention of the Streitt, 3. 11. Tingman.B. F. Bills a. j. streitt,
'-«•»-<' "j # ._«.» i • W B. .Taokson, C. J. Folev, S. E. Ellis.
Populists was called to order last night by For ty-nrs!-l;eorge Adams, H. O. Tiffany. G.
E. S. Barney, chairman of the Cov.nty w. Day wait, Taylor Rogers, J. P. Dameron,
Committee, at the People's party tent, Johu_F. Patterson, R. H. O'Hea, John M. Rey
corner of Market and Larkin streets. Forty-3econd— W. N. Griswold, W. H. Goff.
Everything went off as quietly as the I Theodore Pfund, W. A. Carter, F. L. Browne,
POPULISTS MEET
IN CONVENTION
No Excitement, No Band,
No Red Fire, Much
Silver Talk.
A CLASH AT THE LAST.
Half the Delegates Rise and
Leave on Being Out
voted.
DR. DAYWALT MADE CHAIRMAN
Ex-Judge Robert Ferral and J. Teng
man Fill Up a Gap With
Brief Speeches.
political funeral of W. J. Bryan, prophe
sied for next November.
In a very neat speech Dr. G. W. Daywalt
was nominated as temporary chairman by
George D. Gillespie.
Attorney BnrnettG. Haskell then placed
Joseph Ashbury Johnston in nomination
lor the office, stating that while he had
the highest opinion of Dr. Daywalt lie
thought the man who might be considered
one of the warhorses of the party and the
man who sent such brilliant reports of the
Populist convention at St. Louis to the
Ban Francisco Call should be entitled to
the position.
At this juncture Johnston rose and came
forward, stating that he wished to resign
in favor of Day wait.
"I prefer to remain a nigh private in the
ranks," he declared, "and at the same
time wish you all to become better ac
qu atnted with my younger friend."
Dr. Daywalt, having no opponent, was
elected by acclamation. He was then
tjalied to the chair and made a brief but
cogent speech, stating his hopes for the
party and thanking the convention for
the honor shown him.
W. J. Cuthbertson was placed in nomi
nation for ta« office of temporary secre
tary and was elected by acclamation.
A committee on credentials was ap
pointed in the persons of C. H. Johnson,
J. C. Gore and Robert Gough.
The following were appointed as a com
mittee on rules and order of business and
permanent organization: Dr. Georee
Adam, Attorney Haskell, T. H. Porter
Dr. F. M. Tuley and J. A. Anthony.
J. Tengman of the Silver uarty and ex-
Judge Robert Ferral made brief speecnes.
The committee on roles and order and
permanent organization then maile their
report, the principal points of which were
as follows:
Dr. G. W. Daywalt was recommended as
permanent chairman of the convention,
and W. J. Cuthbertson as permanent
secretary. The election of a first, second
and third vice-chairman was provided for,
as well as two assistant secretaries, a
treasurer, a sereeant-at-arms and an audit
ing committee of three.
The order of nominations was provided
as follows: First, Mayor; second, twelve
Supervisors; third, Sheriff; fourth Tax
Collector; fifth. Recorder; sixth, Anditor
seventh, Treasurer; eighth, County Clerk
ninth, Coroner; tentn, Public Adminis
trator: eleventh, Surveyor; twelfth, Super
intendent of Streets; thirteenth, Superin
tendent of Schools; fourteenth, twelve
School Directors; fifteenth, City and
County Attorney ; sixteenth, District At
torney ; seventeenth , four Superior Judges •
eighteenth, four Police Judges; nineteenth!
five Justices of the Peace.
The order of business was provided for
and the rule made that no nominating
speech shall exceed five minutes in length
mnd that all committees shall be elected,
not appointed, unless ordered by a two^
thirds vote.
J. A. Johnson wanted the adomion of
the report postponed until the next meet
ing, claiming that small errors could be
eradicated on maturer consideration. T.
K. PhiliDS wanted the report adopted im
mediately in order that the regular busi
ness could be finished.
A warm debate followed, Judge Thomp
son wanting the acceptance of the report
Scene in the Big Tent of the Populists When the Gty Convention Assembled Last Night.
F. C. Wehland, R. B. Ingle, J. D. Hannah, A.
E. Carlisle.
Forty-third— W. W. Sanderson.
Forty-fifth— Henry Miller, William Malinda,
Julius Franklin, Frank Howard, C. W. Fen
neker, W. A. Harrison, J. E. McManus, Philip
McAudrews.
As over half the delegates had left in
disgust, it was found necessary to defer
the adoption of the report of the commit
tee on rules and order of business and per
manent organization till 8 p. m. to-day.
PANHANDLE MEN.
Proposed Charter Ably Championed by
Its Advocates — The Mortgage Tax
to Be Defeated.
The Panhandle and Ashbury Heiehta
Improvement Club held a well-attended
meeting last night at 1970 Page street, at
which Nathan < Dohrmann, James D.
PheJan and J. Richard . Freud spoke at
considerable length upon the new charter
and the reasons why it should be adopted.
Ihe speakers Raid the proposed charter
would give to the people of this City home
rule— a thins; they have not at present, as
the consolidation act is the creation of the
Legislature, in the making of which the
people of San Francisco had no hand.
At the conclusion of the debate ,on the
charier a vote was taken on the adoption
of amendment 1 to the State constitu
tion, regarding the mortgage tax. The
vote was unanimously ■in favor of not
adopting it. ~ .
This decision of the club makes it the
duty of the delegates to the Federated Im
provement Club to cast their vote* at to
night's meeting against the adoption of
that article. <■
Found Floating in the Bay.
The body of an unknown man was found
floating in the bay near Mission wharf yester
day mornine. The deceased was about 40
years old, and had apparently been in the bay
some nine dt ,>. *
The Divorce Court.
Judge Sanderson yesterday granted Bertha
A. Rowland a divorce from Thomas. J. Rowland
because oi the latter'g extreme cruelty.
•— ♦ — ♦ ■ — -
Borrow on sealskins, allies ana jewels at Uncle
Barrl*'. 16 Orant avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1896.
AMNESTY FOR
IRISH PRISONERS,
Local Societies Will Help
Their Country-'
men.
ALL FOBCES ARE UNITED
A Great Outburst of Sympathy
• for Those Already
Set Free.
MANY PLANS TO EAISE MONEY
Those Just Turned Out of British
Jails Will G t Much Aid From
San Francisco.
Apropos of the arrest of Tynan and
other Irish suspects at Boulogne and else
where, it may be noted that there is great
! activity amone patriotic Irishmen in San
1 Francipco, who are preparing to do all in
1 their power to raise funds for the comfort
and relief of the five Irish prisoners who
have lately been released from English
jails. Their ycheme aiso embraces the
raising of funds for the relief of such pris
oners as may be released hereafter.
*'To accomplish this purpose," said Pres
ident Jeremiah Deasy of the Celtic Union
last night, "there will be a meeting of rep
resentatives from all the prominent Irish
societies in the buy cities at an early date.
We shall do all we can lor Whiiehead,
Curtin^Dr. Gallagher, William Lynch and
Bernard Gallagher."
The following circular letter has been
sent to prominent Irishmen and to mem
bers of every Irish society in the northern
pan of the State:
We know tnat the fact has not escaped your
attention that there has been lately released
from prison by the English Government cer
tain Irish patriots, who lor thirteen years have
undergoae untold privation and suffering «s
prisoners In an English prison. They suffered
for deeds done in the cause of Ireland, ana are
therefore Irish patriots, Irish soldiers. They
come to us now, broken in body and mind,
heart and souL
To express for these patriotic men our
heartfelt sympathy, to adopt ways and means
to give them immediately some financial as
sistance, to utter our protest against and con
demnation of the brutal and uncivilized pol
icy of the English Government toward Irish
political prisoners find to demand the release
of those still confined in English dungeons,
are the objects of the meeting. They appeal to
every lover of freedom and humanity in gen
eral and to every Irishman in particular.
It is the duty of every Irishman to mani
fest an active and enthusiastic interest in this
matter.
We sincerely trujt that you will be present
_■"'_■ M <"• O'Toole, President.
W. F. bTAFFORD, Secretary.
•iKHKMIAH MAHONT,
Jerkmiah Deast,
t. p. crowl.ky,
Committee.
The general work lor the relief of the
prisoners just released has spread to every
Irish society in the State, as well as to
ocieties throughout the Unior. To assist
the released prisoners the Irish National
ists have decided to give an annual re
union and picnic at Shell Mound Park on
Sunday, October 4. Tins will be under
the control of the Knights of Tara, assisted
by members of the Knights of the Ked
Branch, the Wolfe Tone Club of Oakland
and the Irish National Alliance. The
Knights of Tara have issued a circular in
viting everybody to attend the picnic, the
proceeds of which go to the released pris
oners. The circular says in part:
This invitation is particularly extended to
you and friends and all persons who love
justice and liberty, lhat kind of liberty de
scribed in the constitution of the United
States. One-half the receipts will be contrib
uted to a relief fund for the lately released
Irish political prisoners who suffered thirteen
yearn of cruel and inhuman torture in English
dungeons, because they wore possessed with a
sp;rit of freedom and used thai spirit for the
love they bore their native land, Ireland.
"The committee has arranged fora great
entertainment," said J. T. Tynan last
night. "There will be prizes for dancing,
rnnning races, jumping and other sports
for men, women and children. There will
be music by the Hibernian band, and Pro
fessor McCarthy has volunteered to at
tend and play Irish jigs, reels and horn
pipe music, and Professor McMahon will
also play Irish music on the violin."
The local committees in charge of the
relief movement have just received a spir
ited appeal from thu Irish National Alli
ance, addressed "to the people ot Amer
ica." It is signed by men prominent
throughout the Union, the following be
ing the executive committee: John J.
Donovan, Lowell. Mass.; Martin Kelly,
Memphis, Term.; J. Sheehy, San Fran
cisco; James Lawlor, Galveston ; Chris
Gallagher, Minneapolis; Michael Mengon,
Fom:-du-Lac; J. M. Kennedy, Anaconda,
Mont., and Thomas H. Greevy, Altoona,
Pa.
The circular just issued by these men
reads in part aslollows:
"Thesp are men who for thirteen years
have suffered untold tortures for the
crime o! loving Ireland. They have been
thrown upon the world by the British
Government now, utterly broken in
health and at the point of death. They
will soon be with u» in the land of liberty.
"These men are the wounded soldiers of
Ireland, and it is the duty of the Irish
race to come to their rescue. They must
have rest and be carefully tended if they
are ever to resume their places in this
wo/ld.
"To secure this rest and care a large
sum of money will be necessary, and for
this reason we appeal to you for the sane
of common humanity and for the love
you bear the patriots who went into the
light for our motherland. There is no one
so poor as not to be able to aid in tnis
noble work."
But the work under way extends be
yond giving relief to those that have been
released. It comprehends a movement to
get amnesty for those now in British jails.
There are just twelve Irish political
prisoners now remaining in English jails,
ana all were convicted of "treason-fel
ony," as the English law terms the crime,
and all but one are serving life-sentences.
The following seven are in Portland
Prison: Henry Hayward Wilson, Harry
Burton, Henry I>aiton, Patrick Flanagan,
Terrence McDermott and John Duff. In
Downpatnck Jail in Ireland there are
Joseph Mullet, James Fitzharris, Law
rence Hanlon, Matthew Mullen and Mat
thew Kinsella.
"It has been believed all along that a
number of these men would i-oon be re
leased, and the efforts of the American
organizations will be toward doing every
thing possible for these. The Amnesty
Associatiou will do all in its power for the
release of every prisoner, and the local
societies of this City and State are in full
sympathy with the work under way
tnroughont the Nation. The prisoners
were all young men when arrested, but
the hardships of English jails have broken
nearly aJI down in health.
Besides benefits, picnics and like per
formances, it is said there will be syste
matic canvassing for funds. When there
is a general meeting of committees from
the principal Hibernian societies the plan
for raising money will be determined upon
and the field will be thoroughly covered.
Sharks are frequently killed that weigh
three or four thousand pound?.
& PRICES TALK ft
We are the drugr-c utters of \Ossr
JH^^K San Francisco. Fifty per cent jk^Jm
jd^* saved on the price of prescrip- «' -^|fii§k*
f^^ tions, as we pay no percent- USS^
ages to physicians.
t055e5. . : . . . . . . . . . .$1.50. Kola Cordial.. ,85c
E ec ric 8e1t5. ... .... .$4 to $25 Lola Montez Cream. . . ...... Ml
Elastic Stockings. . ..... . . .$2.50 Swift's Specific . . . ......
bamnie or Faradie Batteries. . . ..$1 size. 65c. $1.75 size'. $1 25
„/.,;>• ; • •i v * 4 1( > |25 M. . scorn catarrh Tiifi 2a
lutienra Resolvent 70c free) *n\n
braWsLi terinc..........65c Appel's Enamel. . .'.'.".7.7.7.
ffEftP*;: •W. Qninihe Fills, 2 grain, per 100. .25c
tT* ££ ? Presenptlon • ** ' * 75c Tver's, Beeeham' S) Sehenck's Pills..lsc
Take TODD'S HEALTH TABLETS and yon will need no more pills, price. .25c
no-percentaqeTpharmacy,
953 MARKET ST., Bet. sth and 6th, south side.
THE OLD COLLEGE
WILL BE ABLAZE
A Grand Fete Champetre
on the Old Mission
Road.
FOR A NOBLE PURPOSE.
An Ancient Educational Building
Covered With Creeping
Ivy.
BEAUTIES IN A BOWER.
The Flock of Old St. Mary's Parish
Are Prepared to Give the Word
a Rare Treat.
The old St. Mary's College, so dear to
the hearts of thousands of lads who were
eiven the f" rst rudiments of knowledge
within the picturesque precincts, has been
turned into one immense bower. The
massive stone building, built more than
forty years ago much as were similar col
leges and monasteries of two centuries
ago, is now covered with ivy and almost
hidden. For some years there have been
no pupils there, but the place has always
been cared lor under the watchful eyes of
Rev. .Peter D. Brady, who is in charge of
what is known as tne "Old St. Mary's
Parish." There are seventy acres in the
old college grounds, and it has generally
been understood that these belonged to
the parish. Instead, this vast domain be
longs to the Archbishop, and only the cen
ter floor of the main college building has
been allowed the parishioners as a place
of worship.
With a view to getting funds for the
purpose of buying land and building a
home of their own the people of that sec
tion have gathered about their pastor and
to-night they will inaugurate a bazaar
such as this City has never seen.
It will be something in the nature of a
fete cham pe re, lasting until the night of
September 26. The outdoor part of the
programme will be the delightful prome
nades 'mid lovely groves, decorated with
bun tin -j and illuminated with thousands
of Japanese lanterns. The scene, as re
hearsed last night, would carry a person
back to feudal times before the castle of
fome particularly generous Baron who
was entertaining his people.
Owing to the Illness of Hon. Samuel
Shortridge the opening address to-night
will be delivered by the Hon. M. C.
H asset t.
The remainder of the programme will
be as follows: Barytone solo by i). M.
Warde, accompanied by R. Fletcher Til
ton; fancy dance by Miss and Master
Smith ; vocal solo by Mrs. J. Coad ; recita
tion by Miss Barry.
In the main hall of the college, where
the services have been held so long, the
booths will be established. They will be
presided over by the daintiest ladies, as
follows:
Reireshments— Mrs. Cherry and Mrs. and
Miss Chambers.
Table I— Mrs. O'Neil, Mrs. Redmond, Mrs.
McCann, Mrs. Meyers, Miss Hashagen and Miss
O'Xeil.
Booth 2— Mrs. Richardson. Mrs. Millerick,
Mrs. McDevltt, Miss Lizzie Skehan and Mies
Eckles.
Booth B— Mrs. Mlnnehan, Miss Michell, Mrs.
NichoU, Mrs. Williams, Miss Nicholl and Miss
Minnehan.
Booth 4— Presided over by the Immaculate
Conception Sodality: Misses Mollle Skehan,
Josie Cereghino, Lizzie Clark, Mamie Conley,
Mamie Eldridge, Nora Thompson, Kittie
Welsh, Mrs. Riley and other memoers of the
sodality.
Booth s— Mrs. Menke, Mrs. Kelly, Miss Kelly,
Miss Menke and Mrs. Dennison.
Candy booth— Misses Kate O'Brien, Jnlia
White, Lizzie Dennison, Jennie McCann and
Kate Keboe.
Shooting gallery — By the Young; Men's Sodal
ity: James Clarke, Joseph Mlnnehan, Timo
thy Minnehan, Harry O'Xeil and George
Tafft.
There will be a contest during the
bazaar for the most popular captain of the
League of the Gross Cadets, the prize being
an elegant sword.
On Thursday, Friday and Monday
niehts the cadets of the following com
panies will drill: St. Patrick's, St. Bren
dan's and St. Mary's.
Incidentally it may be mentioned here
that people who cannot attend the bazaar
and view the grand illumination effect
might go far in the daytime to see a
prettier spot than the dear old college
grounds.
The best way to reach this grand scene
of beauty and charity is to take the Mis
sion-street cars to the terminal and trans
fer right to the college gates.
Knights of Pythlag Burial Association.
The annual meeting of the Knights of
Pythias Burial Association was held at the
office of the corporation, 997 Market street, on
Monday, the 14th inst. The following direc
tors were elected: 8. W. Powell, Lee F. Russell,
Thomas Clark, Willis W. Williams, Francis
Atkinson, Thomas Maguire and George F.
Lang. The board organized by the election of
the following offlTers: S. W: Powell, Dresident ;
Thomas Atkinson, treasurer, and Lee F, Rus
sell secretary The cemetery grounds of the
Knights of J'yinlas Association, being portion
of the Mount Olivet Cemetery Tract, have
been properly surveyed, mapped and put in
perfect order ior burials. The beautiful
chapel on the grounds has been completed,
and everything is beinjt done to make this
one of the best improved and most attractive
cemeteries west of the Rocky Mountain*.
A. A. Henderson, a liquor dealer, has filed a
petition in insolvency. He owes $710 27 and
has no assets.
NEW TO-DAY
SPECIAL VALUES IN
DI API/ nDTQQ PflflßQ
dLAuix UsiLua uUUUu
JUST OPENED.
50 pieces 44-inch Wool and Mohair Fancy Suitings at. . . 75 C per yard
65 pieces Mohair Lizard Suitings, very stylish, at $ I per yard
85 pieces Mohair Picrola Cloth, in raised effects, the latest novelty, at
'. . $ 1 ,50 and $ I .75 per yard
A Complete Assortment in Twine Suitings, Coupure
Cheviots, Imperial Twills for Tailor-
made Suits.
JSZE 3BC~<a.:BXj.A. ESPANOIi.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VILLES 33ES PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
■ MISCELLANEOUS. RAILROAD THATBU
*-OS FA If SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
yV^** T-l f *» Q (PACIFIC system.)
#O Ojk Tr«I« lei»T« iiml nrc due to arrive at
V J l^^*;! *** NAN FBANCJSOO. .
#^ saW 0* leave — From Septekber 3. 1896. — arriti
•k» aKs *O:OOa Nile* San Jose and Way Stations. . . 8:45 a
4* MKr 1&. Ji 7:OOa Atlautio Express, Ogdcii and Kast.. BU5p
S inti ft 7:00 a Benida, Vacaville, Rumsey. Sacra-
Bttl W mento, OroviUe and Redding Tia
KB Ws !^*yCTB 7:OOa. Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, CalLs-
Tfl^Hi &"®2!Xr T<V9rH toga and Santa Rosa 6:15f
l^VsS "^* \«-» 1 SiSOa Nilci, Ban Jose, Stockton, lone.
\« fll \ H ■ Sacramento, Marysville and Red
\N, (», / \ a Blufif. 4slSp
\"'«k M »8:8Oa Peters andMiiton'.*.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.! *7:15p
\jß£v> , ffSJfflßfri vsS 9:0« a 1.03 Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
i^H\^L(niV"*VM -V ' Barbara and l.os Angeles 4:43*
-■■WttiWsigr *Be-^"- 9:0O Martinez and Stockton 11:4.1 a
iL&Jk^lsßm m&Bs%tej 1>:OOA Vallejo 6:l.>p
V^*3y^^»W {E&M3& lrOOpNiles, San Joso and Liverniore 8:1.1 a
<.*f^'JjitW*-<t v •// V*uKW«bl& »l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Stenin*rs «9:« Op
A » /g^^&r^i^^^aSaHWS^ShV^g/ t»-I«P Port Costa and Way Stations \ 7:45p
*kV >& ■ %s&%FlSheJ*i TOSSW^^v* «:OOr Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo.
**^<Wr^l^l^^^ J&^.sS=W>,T< ' a r a . -calistoga. El Verano and
WyMvMW*!*?®* ' '■** SautaKosa «ilsa
sZttefi/tilOi if-, •> .i -«••— 4:0«p Benicia, Vacavlllo, Esparto, Wood-
— . A — j- ' ». r —^- -'- — - : "-'^ -*- land. Knights Landing Marys-
llflllTnn nlSfr Kill viUe, and .Sacramento.... 10:45*
UUli IK SWFttsiY 4:3O^stocS.. ?:?:.. v :?:™?:?.. a . nc ! 7,.ip
UUUIUII VllLnll I 4:30p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
_ . , - ' Yoseinite) and Fresno 11:43 a
The ablest and most successful specialist New Orleans Kxpreen.Fregno.Bakerß-
of the age in the treatment of all Chronic, fleW. Hunt* Angeles^
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men %£x il "' EiPaso^ewprieansand 10,13 a
and Women. . B«««pSanu'Fo'Konte,"*AUanUc"Eipreas
Diseases Of* voungr, middle. for MojaTe and Kast 1O:1.1a
ncr<x<l and old mnn which wptkpp S:OOp Vallejo 11:43 a
f B iTh .nrf.h.T? WlllCC weaKen «iO«p Kuropean Mail. Ogdfcn and Kant.... 9:45 a
the body and the brain, causing ncr- 6 . 0p Hay wards, Niks and San Jose 7*43 a
voun debility in all its distressing t7:oopValiejo t7s*sr
forms, such as drains which sap me vital- 7:00p Oregon Kxpresa, Sacramento, Marys-
ity weak and failing manhood, aching £qSi&^^.^ IQ:43 A
back and diseased kidneys, inflamed — . T . tni-r hhmhv / Vgrrn - . ■.,„„»,
glands, varicocele, hydrocele and in many ** M a A V 1 "^ »"^"^ (>«rroiT«,.iu Ire>.1 re>.
nn<u»Q rlecrrnrlfltinn -ami' nnKm.lv rUoi-h J7:43a Santa Cruz Ercunion, Santa Cruz
cases aegraaauon ana untimely death, and Principal Way stations ....... :8:O5r
positively, permanently and iorever cured »ii.iAKeT7ark.Ceiitcnriiic,HnnJoso.Fciton,
by Dr. Sweany witn his new treatment BoulderCreek.SantaCnizandWay
which is the result of years ° f study. ••:l^ 5uti0n5........ ............ sls °'
,„„.;,-„ a*A o^ n o,i- nnn « j ■».**.* v> Dkuujr, *a:lSp Newark, Centerrille, Sau Jose, New
practice and experience. Aimadeu, Felton. Boulder Creek.
Heart, Brain, Nerves and. . Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Blood, if you have a dizziness of th« ... Stations.... "••••>; "'i 5 ?!!*
bead and palpitation of the heart, difficult 4llai> k - • 7og » cpd Loa Gatos - • • • 9;3O »
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired, COAST -DIVISION (Third & Towhbcihl sts.)
irritable, discontented feeling ana fear of *«:43ASau Jose and Way stations (New
impending danger or death a dread of , ri3 , 4Su^xSrt«'j^ "^
being alone or the reverse; if your mem- * s an ta Cruz, Pacific GroTe, and
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de- Principal Way Stations t»:3sp
Bpondent and feel an aversion to society, ••ISASa.i •]? i - t , Tie * Pluom Hjta Cruz,
you are suffering from a serious disease of SS'ASpSTbSaiSSSjSS
the nerves, brain, heart and blood. You cipal Way stations 7:03p
have no time to lose. Call at once and J9:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations flt3op
nONSiyLT DR. SWRANY ¥%:■:&»»». • O:4Oa San Joss and Way Stations 3:OOp
1- W-7™itr«ni *■* ii . M>1 "® ase " 11:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Station 3:»Op
of Women. Scientihcally treated and •x\"Mr San Mateo, Menio Park, San Jose,
invariably cured. Gliroy, Tres Finos, Santa Cruz,
You can be Cured at home. .„ SaUnas.MantereyandracincGrove MO:4«A
Write your troubles if living away from "* lBol> Sa n tt Rior o ons n 9 s Pft<aflo GroTe " d Way 
the City and are Unable to call. Letters *4:30p San Jose and "Way' Stations.. .V.V.V. *8:06 a
are answered in English, German, French, 3:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations •8:18 a
"SS^^SmIJS: N s °t r r^S anand fi ? ar lf^ tii^rJSiSSSwSteffi::::::::: <535t
Book, "Guide to Health," sent free on ap- SAJt LhAM*KQ AM) HAIfWABDN LOCAL.
plication. Address '"s-ooa] f tl-lst
fiR F I SWF ANY 737 Market St. O:O0a i, lrM , R .«i-,r» p, 10-43 a
UII. I. L. OlfCHnlT, San Francisco CaL .»«•?«* Melrose, Seminary Park, h s «a
— — _ _! i1I:OOa Wt*lilMir» San T ...dm 18:43p
a:oop ■Ktuaaurgf baa lieaaar* «i:4sp
E?3 ditekester'a EnctUh Dlatsmd Hmd. !I:OOr - n j 4:45p
fENHYROYAL PILLS 111 iitettunrg, »»n LeaHdrt «i:4sp
Cbleh*»t*r>* Za«lUb BIomK Vnii »:OOr I . n A 4:43p
ENNYROYAL PILLS I h.^. 1 |
-^TK?* 01 **' "* l— wUh bll " ! rt**""- Tak« >^^ tt!l:l3rj tfromiNUea. t ttia:OOp
-CSfcWborei. i«u* with blue ribhon. Tak«Vy »tll:lspj * trom ea - I ftia:OOp
W " CREEK ROUTE FERRY. ~
V £ » "B*u3r£ £SlsS* .VSi-T'^t.'Sj Pram SiN raUCISCO-Foot or M»rk«t Strut (Slip 8)-
--VV_ JT ¥*H- ijpoTr rSsft,U?." yZZJrSg?. *7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. |1:OQ •2100 t3:0O
u^f^x^ iemUMlCik ' lu Vss^i^i M:o ° tB:0 ° * 6:00l> - u -
-— mMMmm^rm from 01KU5D— orßroidwty.— "6:00 8:00
NOTARY PUBLIC. : 'sioo"" tl2! °° * 1:0 ° - **"■•** :M
nHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTORNEY- AT- ,c A. for Morning. P for Afternoon.
VJ Law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo- Sundays excepted t Saturdays only.
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence 1620 „ . __ I Sundays only. 4
Fell street. Telephone •' Pipe " 2591. ■ ' Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
RAILROAD- TRAVEL.
SM FR4SCISCO & NORTH PA- Atl s" tic "^^
CIFIC RAILWAY CO. Pacific Mg^
San Francisco to San Rafael. Market-Street Ferry. Ht^^j fglffl
0^^ I^^'-^ 1^ SAm FE EXPRESS. WEsS
BUNDAYS-7T30 9:30. 11 00 a x im q « , Dir " ?t Line V^J^g*^;^
6:00. 6:20 p?ii. . A *. *"' lt3< * 3s3 * Leares every day at sp. m., car.-. >X 1 uliman
San Rafael to s.n w. . ■ ! Jf*, lace drawing-room Sleei also Modern L>
»m nm. < ».r *"r»ncl 8 00. 1 bolstered TourHt Sleeping-cars, with clean linea
lSlSUnlinl 7:8 2' 9l0 < 11:10 a. * I f*" 1 bedding and in charge of a porter, ron dally
2j&!&^:&*% a^^^ t £t ! io^nV < r C and Ca BtY8 tYo lviI uis KanBaaClty ' ABnfXC^
6^oo 6^25 P^i. 9 ' 86 * 11:1 ° *• lt! I: ** Bj *» i P«rsooa!ly conducted Boston Excursions vi»
tchednle as above. *"» Tne best railway from Culifornia to the East.
l#«ve t»««— I i ArrlvA ~ i JSe i v T * lls> new tles: no dust: Interesting scenery;
a*n Francisco. ]"™ { » t San Frlnclica "d good meals In Harvpy's dining-rooms.
" w ___ . „„„ 189 a' ) ■ • San Fi-ancisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
; Bay? datsl »wtinatloiJ St ™- ! Wb«k St., Chronicle luilrtitig. Telephone Main
¥,nw t «n S ■°S . »at«. .■I Dm 153 Oakland, 1118 Broadway.
£SSXjS;2S£ iSS&SiSiSliigg 1 "
1,10 » 5:00 Bant8 anta it Hosa. 7:30 P>< e:l5 p. RTH PACIFIC m RAILROAD
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am (Via Sausalito Ferry)." -'
Healdsburg, ' •
IGeyservllle, From San Francisco, commencing Sept. 13, 1895.
8:80 fm 7:30 am I Cloverdalo. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
" ' : " j 'Vtet*, ' : "^ — WEEKDAYS.
T :3O am I Hopland * 10-10 am For M « Valley and San Rafael— *p-l'>.
»:3Upm 7:30 am Ulciah. 7:30 615 pS 11: JO a. m.: •1:45, i: 5. :10. 5:5.6:0 p.m.
Itsa am ~~~ " ~ ~ ITT- — Extra trips »or San Rafael on Mondays, Wedue*-
- 7-.30 am QuerneTille. 7:30 p M 10 " 10 A * «■*■«* Saiuiuays at 11:80 r. *.
3:30 pm . 610PM SUNDAYS.
7*OAM 7:30 am. Sonoma • 10:40 am S^OaW 'SjJggJ^'g ftSoi?!!*^! m!^ 00 ' '
» :10fm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6":05 pm 6-15 pm i Traius marked * run to San Quentlu.
7 -80 AM 710 ami , ■- 77T-r= ■ ' THROUGH TRAINS.
Silo™ 8100 pm Sevastopol. I°|J° 10:10 am For Point Reyes ana way BtaUoM _ 7:25 a. h.
— — J- — — i_» 1 »a«-M d.uw Weeiidayi, 8:00 a. m. Sauda a, I:4* p. m »ur-
_B*ace» connect at Santa Rosa for Marie > West day*
5RT n 55 : i* t . 0 *? 1116 for SkaKKS Springs; M For Cazadero and way stations -7:2 5 a. m.
Sl^T- -v for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland weekdays; 1:15 p. m. >«turaaya-
EfTf X8 'H K . PlBe , yvlle 8od » B *y *nduikepopt: at ■
nkfiS n ? ft /°vi l^ ke - po^ aod Bartl «" Spring, at
UKlah for VJohy Springs, Saratoga Bprines. Blno
vSi^^t^ 61 fXeTupperLak.. Pomlfpotta MATTHTH T 1 If IIPi IS
■«SSJ? 7 a Jo ? ll^ ] ? a3rt ' «^«slde. Llerley's, Buck. RJiIS l ! I i A l|! A 1 iFJI li^
tesa^!Xia» K^»' cZ™i n z.^™a«~ 1^ Sorth paclflo
toMonday round-trip ticket, at r^lu^l WEEK "SS2S.W &F. 9:15 A. m. 1:4- p. m.
On Sundays round-trio tickets to all ooinu h_ ' Re.urnlng— Arrive S. f. 8:25 p m.. G:'iO p. m.
rohd Ban RafaVi al haVfratel P ° lnU "* SU-NDAYS-LeaveS.F.BA. m 11:»0a.m. I:Wpm.
Tlrvnt rtfn^.. nun m — £— chwßwi - hn " di * Returnlnsr— Arrive s.K.l :l6 p.m 20 p.m. 7:35 ; -
■•ftWHrriNQ, Market at.,- Chronicle minding. Itcicets for sale In - UN.-. Market St., 8. F.
"•OWHITINO, R.XBYAS, TiiO . 1 OuK & -ON*. 6*l Market »t., S. F.
Gen. Manager. O«n. Pan Ageah Miil Valley acu Mount Tamalpais Scenic Kaiiway.EL GRITO DE LA
INDEPENDENCIA
Mexicans Celebrate the
Birthday of Their Coun
try's Liberty.
ORATORY AND MUSIC.
Bacquet of the Porfirio Diaz
Club at the Maison St.
Germain.
ORDEE OF TO-DAY'S FETE
Grand Musical Entertainment and
Ball at Union-Square Hall-Other
Features of Interest
The first vespers, so to speak, of the an
niversary of Mexican independence were
celebrated last night by the Porfirio Diaz
Club with a sumptuous banquet at the
Maison St. Germain. Among those pres
ent were: Francisco B. Romo, the presi
dent of the club; Hon. Lyman Mowry,
Chancellor Jotse V. Dosal of the Mexican
Consulate, Francisco Carranza, Professor
Martin Onlmeyer, Professor Jose Andone
gui, Carlos Mesa, Secretary Federico
Gillespie, Professor Emilio Cruells. Daniel
Gillick and Professor Will iam Van Brunt.
The table was elaborately yet tastefully
adorned with flowers and graceful ferns,
the Mexican colors, red, white and green,
predominating. The menu was abundant
and well chosen, a number of character
istic Mexican dishes forming a conspicu
ous portion of the bill of fare.
The 15th of September happens to be
the nameday of the President, the
feast of St. Porphyrius, and hence the
celebration took the character in a certain
degree of a personal tribute to the great
chief magistrate of the Mexican nation.
The Consui-General, who is at present in
Calaveras, was unable to be present, but
sent a letter of regret?.
Mr. Romo delivered tbe first after-din
ner speech. He dwelt upon the advance
which had characterized the administra
lion of President Diaz, and proposed bis
Excellency's health.
Mr. Mowry responded in an eloquent
tribute to tbe great ruier, whose history,
he said, was yet to be written in the an
nals of the world.
"The President of thf United States"
was the toast responded to by Mr. Car
ranza. Mr. Dosal spoke for the well
being of the ciub, and other speeches and
toasts followed in rapid succession.
THE SPANISH SCHOOL.
Delightful Musical and Literary
Programm? Presented by the
Pupils and Friends.
The President's name-day was honored
by the pupils ana friends of the Spanish
school last night at the school hall, 1415
Powell street, by a fine literary and mu
sical programme.
After the overture to Yon Suppe's "Boc
caccio," played by Professor and Mrs.
Botts and the pupils of the music class,
the Declaration of Mexican Independence
was read by F. Arteche, being followed by
Mies Celsa Rivero in a piano solo.
Andres Gonzules mide a masterly ad
dress in Spanish, contrasting the condi
tion of Mexico under Spanish rule with its
present flourishing status, after which the
"Magnetic Waltz," by Mrs. L. George and
H. D. Pelle, and an andante and waltz by
iir. and Mrs. Botts were i;iven.
Miss Maria Pretegave a "Poem in Honor
of Hidalgo," an original composition by
H. Sanchez, in which the work of the
heroic patriot priest was eloquently por
trayed.
Several more musical selections were
rendered in excellent style, and E. Cer
vantes made a most eloquent oration,
takinc for his text Father Hidalgo's cry
for independence from Spain. The enjoy
able affair dosed with the singing of the
inimitable National hymn of Mexico, the
verses being sung by Mrs. L. de Moran,
Mrs. M. de Sepulveda, Mrs. L. de George,
Miss B. Gallardo, Miss Concepcion Bar
ueche and F. Arteche.
TO-DAY'S CELEBRATION.
Eighty-Sixth Anniversary of Mexi
can Independence to Be
Commemorated.
To-day being the eighty-sixth anniver
sary of the independence of Mexico the
local Mexican colony, which numbers
nearly 4000, will celebrate the occasion in
enthusiastic fashion.
One of tbe celebrations will take place
at California Hall, 620 Bush street, under
the ausnices of the Mexican celebration
committee which was appointed by the
popular vote of the colony, and whicti is
headed by Consul-General A. X- Coney.
Great care has been exercised in the prepa
ration of an excellent programme, which
is long and patriotic. The committee in
charge promises to make this one of the
greatest celebrations ever held in honor
of Mexican liberty in this City. This
evening there wiJl be a grand parade
through the principal sfreets. The Juarez
Guard, under tommand of Captain A. d«
la Torre and Lieutenants A. Rojo and A.
de la Torr« Jr., will act as escort of honor
to the executive committee and Hon. A.
X- Coney, Consul-General of Mexico, who
is president of the day.
The Mexicpn Mutual Benevolent Society
and a thousand Mexican citizens will also
join the parade. There will be a number
of carriages containing members of the
celebration committee and distinguished
Mexican citizens.
Tbe.parade will start at 7:30 o'clock from
Stockton and I'acinc streets, and will
march to California Hall on Bush street,
where the literary exercises and grand ball
will be held. The hall has been profusely
decorated witb American and Mexican
colors.
Following is the musical and literary
programme:
Overture, "Raymond," by the orchestra;
reading ol the I>ec.aration of Independence by
Carmen Jimenez; "Stnr-spangled Banner," by
a chorus of fifty young iftdies; oration by the
orator of the day, Professor Rlcardo A. Mar
tinez; piano solo, Miss Josie D.useu berry;
pMtno tic poem by the poet of the day, Ray
mond Garcia; trombone solo, "Evening; Star,"
by Professor Max Schultz; piano solo, •'Porh'rio
!» az march," by Professor Jose Fernandez;
Mexican national hymn, by a chorus of fifty
■ under the direotion of Professor
William \V-n Brunt, and the followingsoloi^ts:
Migs J. Ambrosio, ICIm iierlinda Veruugo, Miss
Maria Pantojo, Anita Gonzalez, G. F. Jimenez.
The entertainment will conclude with a
grind ball which will last all night. Fol
lr-wing is the committee in charge of the
affair:
Hon. A. K. Coney, Consul-General of Mexico,
honorary president; president, C. Moncisvais;
vice-president, A. Tejerta ; treasurer, R. G. del
pHiacio; secretary, C. Jimenez; assistant secre
tary, A. Mc.n:uro; executive committee— J. Ar-
ZHve, A. R'tjo, T. Znrftroza. H. Navarre C. Tor
ie-. F. Rodriguez. L. Gu*idla, F. Culderou and
In the evening the Porflrio Diaz Club
will cive a grand musical and literary en
tertainment at Unioi;-square Hall. The
admission will be by invitation only. A
bail will terminate tbe celebration.
A GRAND OUTING.
A. Popular 75-Ont Rate for a Most
Attractive Ride to Marin's
Redwoods.
"Two special trains for Camp Taylor
next Sunday, one at 8 a. m. and the other
at 10 a. m., with a popular rate of 75 cents
for the round trip and a 40-cent rate for
children under 12, and seals guaranteed on
both trains and reserved seats for parties
on the first train." This is tbe announce
ment for Locke's excursion for the coming
Sunday.
The-e will be no music or dancing. It
will be just a delightiul outing in a beau
tiful section of redwood country, and
Joseph Bertrand, the genial proprietor,
will provide a good tiinner for those who
wish to avoid taking a basket lunch.
Among the attractions of the outing will
be coaching parties to Bear Valley, for
which arrangements nhoulu be made with
Mr. Locke not later than to-morrow even
in c, so that teams may he provided.
The excursion tickets were in demand
yesterday at 333 O'Farrell street, where
the sale will continue daily until 9 p. m.
Tickets will also be sod at the ferry Sun
uay morning before the departure of each
steamer. Returning, both trains will
leave Camp Taylor at 4 p. M., arriving in
the City at 6 o'clock. This will give
either six or four hoars in tiie country,
according to the train taken in the oiorn
iug.
GRAND JURY'S REPORT.
An Elaborate Document Will
Be Presented to Judge
Slack.
R.view of the Work— Many Instances
of Extravagance in the Local
Government.
The Grand Jury which was impaneled
last December wi!l meet Thursday or Fri
day of this week and present It* final re
port to tbe presiding Judge of the Superior
Court. Several of the members met
downtown yesterday afternoon and de
voted several hours to a consideration of
the report, and incidentally discussed
some business which may be transacted
at the next regular session.
Frank Maskey, foreman of the jury, re
cently returned from an outing in the
high Sierras of the Lake Taboe region.
The altitude was too much for him and
he had a narrow escape from a severe at
tack of pneumonia. He was obliged to re
treat to lower levels, aud so came home to
San Francisco almost exhausted bj' his
trip for recreation.
John Landers, one of the members of
tne Grand Jury, is in Hawaii, having been
called there to adjust agency business of
the Manhattan Lite Insurance Company.
Tbe final report, which is now "very
nearly completed, is an elaborate docu
ment, embracing 12,000 words. Much
snace is devoted to a discussion on muni
cipal extravagance, showing the reckless
waste of public money at the City Hall
and in other institutions maintained by
the taxpayers.
While the jury has indicted several
notorious felons, some of whom have
been tried, convicted and sentenced to
the penitentiary, the members are in
c:ined to regard the accusation lodged
against the Supervisors as the most im
portant work of the term. The ruling of
Judge Seawell holding that the Supervisors
must respond and explain why the assess
ment of light and transportation compa
nies was reduced is regarded with satis
faction.
It is believed that the District Attorney
will be able to convince the trial jury that
the accused Supervisors betrayed the tax
payers, especially the owners of real es
tate, and by favors granted to the corpo
rations forced one class of citizens to sus
tain an increased Durden of taxes.
The list of reduced municipal estimates
which was prepared by the Grand Jury's
expert for submission to the Board of Su
pervisors will be set forth in the final re
port. About the time that the jury had
this list ready to submit to tbe Super
visors, ihe latter exhibited such surprising
and basty action on the assessments, that
the members of the jury became con
vinced that the board was not disposed to
listen to recommendations. The estimates
prepared by the expert will specially de
bißiiate the departments that are extrava
gantly conducted.
When this Grand Jury was organizad a
plan of action was adopted which bad in
view a reduction in the expenses of ihe
local government in order that the taxes
on merchants and homeowners should
be lessened. Early investigations Con
vinced the members of the jury that in
stitutions supported by the City, yet gov
erned by the Board of Health, were not
only badly managed, Dut were unneces
sarily expensive. An unexpected visit
was made to the Almshouse and City and
County tlospital. and the result was an
overhauling of the latter institution.
The Grand Jury gave a great deal of
attention to the subject of supplying ships
witb water. It was found that the monop
oly or sppcial privileze which the benng
Valley Water Company had granted to
Goodall, Perkins & Co. for supplying ships
with water was the cause of many griev
ous conip aints Jroni ship masters and
owners. Tneoaore F. Payne took the sub
ject in hand, and after patient investiga
tion an arrangement was effected whereby
the special privilege was revoked. Ships
are now Mipplied airectiy by the water
company at a cost slightly in excess of
meter rates, and so commerce has been
relieved of one unjust exaction.
REAL ESTATE DEAL.
Charlea Pscherhofer Arr<>ftted for Ob-
tainiiiK Money by False Pretenses.
Charles Pscherhofer, a real estate acent
at 238 Montgomery street, was arrested
yesterday afternoon 0:1 a warrant charg
ing him with obtaining money by false
pretenses.
The complaining witness is Mrs. Anna
Swissig, who alleges that Pscberhofer by
misrepresentations induced hei to pur
chase two lots in the Sutrovilie Addition,
near Stockton, last month. She claims
that when she went to examine the lots
Pscherhofer showed her lots in Liberty
Park, which is clo-e to tbe city, whereas
Sutrovilie is much farther distant.
Pscherhofer denies the allegations, and
says the Jots shown Mrs. iSwissig were in
fcuiroville, and he lias a witness to prove
it. He hints that his arrest has been in
stigated by a nvai real estate agent,
COUNCIL A NNIVERSARY.
No. 1 of th« A. P. A. Celebrate* the
Third Year of It« Life.
The third anniversary of Council No. 1,
A. P. A., was held in Metropolitan Tem
ple last night. This is the first council
organized on the Pacific Coast, and it is
claimed that it comprises 2000 members.
There were a large number 01 splatters,
who were well received. They included:
B. F. Hutielson, State president of the
order in California; Hon. H. N. Bagtrs
May. r of (Stockton; Hon. C. H. Hubbard|
Mayor of Sacramento; Major T. C. Ryan
ol Columbus, Oaio, and others.
Another Will Case.
Sarah J. Brown, Walter £. Brown, et al., have
begun the cuiitL-stot the will ot William Brown,
who left his property to Caroline C Talford.
They alteye undue influence and insanity.
.Loans on watches, jewelry, allvervvare, at Uuclo
Harris", 16 or-iu avvuue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1896.
.~^^~_^_^ ~^ <• NEW TO-DAT — -DRY GOODS. •
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
At 25 Cents.
72 pieces 40-inch FANCY FIGURED
SUITING, latest fall colorings, will be
offered at 25c a yard.
At 40 Cents.
55 pieces 38-inch ALL-WOOL TUFTED
DRESS GOODS, in Plaids and Checks,
elegant assortment of colorings, will
De offered at 40c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
43 piece* 40-inch ALL-WOOL NOVELTY
FRENCH SUITING, two-rtoned coior-
ings, worth 75c, will be offered at 50c a
yard.
SILKS! SILKS! SILKS 1
At 75 Cents a Yard.
20 pieces of BLACK FIGURED GROS
GRAIN SILK, neat designs, regular
value $1, will be placed on Bale al 75c
a yard.
At 75 Cents a Yard.
60 pieces CHANGEABLE TAFFETA
SILK, in all the very latest shadings,
regular value $1, will be placed on
sale at 75c a yard.
At 75 Cents a Yard.
60 pieces of FANCY STRIPED AND
FIGURED TAFFETA SILK, regular
value $1 will be placed on Bale at 75c
a yard.
At $1.00 a Yard.
40 pieces BLACK BROCADED SILK, on
Satin and Gros Grain grounds, me-
dium and large designs, regular value
$1 50, will bo piaceu on tale at $1 a
yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
At 50 Cents.
40 piece? EXTRA HEAVY ALL-WOOL
ENGLISH STORM SERGE, reduced
from 75c to 50c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
25 pieces 52-inch ALL PURE WOOL
FRENCH BOURETTE. reduced from
$1 25 to 75c a yard.
At $1.00.
25 riec««i 54-inch ALL PURE WOOL
ENGLISH CHEVIOT, reduced from
$1 50 to $1 a yarn.
At $1.00.
25 pieces 54-inch ALL-WOOL CREPON
CHEVIOT, reduced from $1 50 to $1 a
yard.
[£[/ Murphy Building, ,j
Martet ami Jcaes Street!
MARTIN KELLY'S
PHANTOM VOTERS
His "Primary" Ballots
Counted Before Boxes
Were Opened.
CLERKS WERE LONELY.
But They Turned in Boxes Full
of Paper in Every
Instance.
A FUNKY POLITICAL FAKE.
At the Flood Bai'd ng They Went
Tbroug'a the Forms of Receiving
the Bogus Returns-
If Mr. Kelly and Mr. Mahoney really
enjoy goin*? through the pantomime of
holding primary elections of course there
i 3 no good reason why they should not do
so. Indeed, so long as they pay the com
paratively slight cost involved not even
tbe Sheriff is disposed to interfere.
But the marvel of it is that they do en
joy such an entirely flaccid and inane
thing as the alleged primary elections of
yesterday afternoon.
Twenty-one different places were open
indifferent parts of the City in all the
wards and in some of the wards in several
places where men were posted with big
books and big ballots and in each a ballot
box. The box was early rilled up with the
ballots in some mysterious way and for
the rest of the day the men wrote ud the
books, that is, wrote the names of tbe
alleged voters in there and then checked
ud in the books such number of votes
against the names on tne ballots as they
tbougnt necessary, in only a few instances
enough care was taken in t:.e matter to
make tbe number of tbe papers in the box
representing ballots tally with ihe votes
credited on the books.
During the whole day in most of the al
leged polling-places the two men, some
times three, having charse of the absurd
pantomime, together with a policeman,
were undisturbed by a visitor, but in some
of the most drowsy of these tbe reports of
the number of ballots cast ran up toward
half a thousand.
No such absurd bit of political fakine has
ever before been witnessed in San Fran
cisco.
In the evening at headquarters no less
than 10,686 votes were reported to have
beon cast for these alleged "delegates to
the convention." The fact is that not
more than as many hundred votes were
cast as thousands were r ported, and these
were drummed up in the precincts of the
few individuals interested— Kelly, Ma
honey and Ruef.
In the First Ward there was a drowsy
time all day at the polling-place at Wash
ington and Kearny streets for the police
man on guard. The clerks, however,
were quite busy. The box was filled with
ballots in tbe mysterious manner stated,
and the two men were employed ali the
afternoon in checking up in tne books tbe
.tuly fur each of tUe delegates before the
— — — : — : -J»S^««^*f- : ■ — : : : .—: ; ' '
In presenting a few samples of the ALMOST INCREDIBLE REDUCTIONS with
which our GREAT CLOSING-OUT SALE OF $300,000 WORTH OF FINE DRY
GOODS AND CLOAKS continues we deem it superfluous to enlarge on the
importance of this sale to any one who will require anything in the Dry Goods
line for a long time to come, as it will be readily apparent on glancing through
this REMARKABLE LIST OF CUT PRICES that
AS EQUALLY FAVORABLE BARfiAI OPPORTUNITY MAY
IT OCCUR AGAi I YEARS!
CAPES AND SUITS.
At $3.50.
LADIES' BLACK VELVET RIPPLE
CAPES, handsomely . beaded, lined
.with Bilk, neck trimmed with lace and
ribbon or chiffon, regular price $8, re-
duced for this sale to $3 50.
At $4.90.
LADIES' MIXED CHEVIOT SUITS, box
jackets, linei throughout, wide gored
, skirts, lined with canvas, worm $9,
reduced for this sale to $4 90.
RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
ty-t- — : w- ; ;:v
At 5 Cents.
No. 7 ALL-SILK. SATIN AND GROS-
GRAIN RIBBON, assorted colors,
value 10c, will be closed out at 5c a
yard.
At 7H Cents.
No. 12 2-INCH ALL-SILK, SATIN AND
GROS-GKAIN RIBBON, in assorted
colors, value 15c, will be closed out at
7Kc a yard.
LADIES' WAISTS.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' WAISTS, laundered collar and
cuffs, "Stanley waist." all fancy
shades, regular price $1 25 and $1 50,
will be closed out at 75c each.
At $1.00.
GO dozen LADIES 1 LAUNDERED SHIRT
WAISTS, in dimities, lawns and
striped and figured percales, this sea-
son's goods, regular price $2 and $2 50,
will be closed out at $1 each.
[JrlJ/ Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets. :.,
ballot-box was opened. In no instance
din the clerks wait until the box was
opened to count the ballots. They simply
raarkod up the tally they thought it
should contain— enough to look well.
The polls ( ?) were at 518 Un ion street in
the Second Ward. There the same per
formance took place. At 3:30 in the after
noon 295 votes had been recorded.
In the Fourth Ward at the same time
103 votes tiad been recorded.
At polling-plnce 2of the Twelfth Ward,
at Green and Larkin street-), at the same
lime, no less than 408 voles were counted
in the books.
Throughout the Third Ward Martin
Kelly flitted in bin buggy, and cast anchor
at all the pollincr-piaces and went in be
hind the ballot-box. He was there to
survey and superintend. AVhat h« saw
may not have occasioned surprise in his
mind, and probably did not, for whatever
the game was he made it. His henchmen
were in all the polling-places and in the
adjoining saloons, whenever there was
any money in sight with which to buy
drinks and cigars. In poiling-places
which no one approached for a long pe
riod the votes for the Kelly delegates
dropped in or were stuffed in. The num
ber of votes was enough to prove the fact
to the proverbial blind horse, to whom a
nod is as good as a wink. In certain cor
ner saloons stuffers were rounded up and
went through the various gradations of
mildly drunk, fully inebriated and up to a
vote-repeating j.ig.
The "primary election" was joshed in
this ward and in other wards as some
thing so perfect in the line of a "fake" as
not to deserve serious consideration.
When there were no voters or repeaters in
sight the pencils flew over the names, and
there may have been a correspondence, in
some cases, between the number of bal
lots picked out of the box when the time
came to call the farce off and t c number
of names checked on the list; but if such
correspondence and agreement occurred
in any case it must have surprised the
men in tbe booth.
At the polling-place on Drurnm street,
near the corner of Sacramento, 187 votes
were reported to be in the box at 3 o'clock.
No tone was in sight for a long time, but
tinaliy rive exactly showed up and threw
in their votes, and then went off together,
presumably to make the circuit. A broad
grin overspread the faces of the men in
the booth as they "checked." At 203 Te
hama street, just off Third, tbe eang gath
erea stesm in a saloon and came in with a
rush, and at 4 o'clock the men in the
booth gave out the astonishing total of
620 votes polled there. At the polling
place near the corner of Natoma and First
streets 600 votes were in at 3 o'clock.
Out in tbe Western Addition th» work
was "raw." At Octavia ant Grove streets,
where hardly a dozen persons went alter
noon, the box tilled up quite stea.iilv. At
Laguna, off Post, there were 405 votes j
when the hour came for calling it a day,
and this neighborhood did not know, ac
cording to good and reliable testimony,
that an election was really under way.
In tne polling-places south of Market
street and out in the Mission everything
was as still and balmy as a June morn.
On the sidewalk the solitary policeman
detailed to see that no uproarious person
disturbed the serenity witbin the booth
nodded in tbe warm afternoon sunshine.
The passers-by Ptopoed and looked in,
saw a box witb glass sides full of folded
paper and t ree or four men sitting
•round it penciling down four horizontal
marks, wita a fifth, running diagonally
across them.
Occasionally a roan would come up, get
a ticket from the tally-sheet manipulators
and drop it in tbe box. Frequently a
buggy would roll up to the polling-place
and an individual would spring briskly
out and enter the room. There was a
wholesome air of industry about the busi
ness even if there were no voters. And
tbe votes were tallied all the same.
A reporter looked long and patiently for
the ballot depository advertised as located
at 927 Mission street. Nobody in the im
mediate vicinity could give any informa
tion regarding its whereabouts and even
tne storekeeper next door was in the dark.
"Primary?" be queried in turn, "what
primary? Whose primary?"
Finally he was enlightened and went
back into his shop to digest tne piece of
news. Yet, according to the carefully
BLANKETS! BLANKETS!
Another week's sale of the FINE
WHITE BLANKETS at less than mill
cost. These goods are slichUy imperfect.
The imperfection consists of an oil spot in
their manufacture, or irregularity in the
weave. For practical purposes they are
perfect, first-class goods.
10-4 FINE WHITE OREGON . .
BLANKETS, a fine fabric,
beautifully made, mill cobt (DO (\X
$4 35. Onsaleat $O.Ut>
;.:-: ; ; ; -^ ■•::./■ — .
11-4 EXTRA GRADE FINE
EXHIBITION BLAN-
KETS, a large double-bed
v.-idtu and first class in
every respect, mill cost GA n X
1612 H. Onsaleat §"±. 1 1/
12-4 SUPER QUALITY
LAMBS-W OOL BLAN-
KETS, almost hnest weave
produced, mill cost $8 10. $/} AA
On saleat. t^U.UU
11-4 WHITE EASTERN
BLANKETS, very Heavy
and fully 66 inches wide, Q1 i)X
value for ?2. Onsaleat.... yl.^tl
10-4 WHITE EASTERN
BLANKETS, a nicely made
article, regular value 90c a KKn
pair. Onsaleat . Ouij
SPECIAL!
About 50 pairs 13-4 Mission
Mill's finest trrade LAMB'S-
WOOL WHITE BLANK-
ETS, bound in deep silk
ribbon, value $15 a pair.<2»-| A AA
On sale at. .....«> IU.UU
%S if Murphy Building, Jf
, ; > Market and Jones Streets.
written tally-sheets, 330 voters had within
jhree hours exercised the right of suf
iratre.
N«ar the corner of Tenth and Folsom
streets, in a little room adjoining a sa
loon, -x&s a Dallot-box that soon held a
goodly harvest of folded papers — 503 of
them within a short time affer tbe Kellys
ana Mahoneys got at it. Tbe police officer
there said it was the quietest election he
had ever seen. The groceryman on t tie
corner, who said be was lor McKinley,
thought there was a BucKley function
going on the oiher side of the .-aloon.
Four or rive "'vote-of tens" would rendez-
I vous in tne barroom and at intervals they
I would swarm out of iheir hive and add to
tbe load in tho box. Then tne four hori
zontal murks and the one diagonal mark
would go down on the tally-sbeit.
Bond street is a small pocket of a thor
oughfare running south from Mission,
and there 384 ballots were deposited. At
the corner of Twenty-fourth and Church
streets, up among the Mission hills, 230
ballots went into tbe box, and then the
election inspectors so-called shut up shop.
At 3003 Mission street the work went on
industriously and 219 ballots were written
down on tbe sheets, and at the polling
booth corner of Twenty-first and Florida
streets but few persons appeared, but 198
votes were gathered in.
But H was at 727 Brannan street where
the Keilys and Mahoneys covered them
selves with glory. They worked in 540
tallies and voted till they cot tired. But
the baikeeper s-aid it was a dull day with
not a single row. Occasionally a stranger
came up to tbe polls and put in bis ticket,
but tbe same monotonous old gang did
the work of the absent citizens. It was a
great day at 727 Brannan.
The Eighth Ward polled an enormous
vote and yet very few people were seen
during the day about the little room at
514 Geary street where the ener ;etic tally
men were busy checking up whole pages
of the record in advance of a nrial count
that woulu be only a matter of form any
way. At 4:12 p. m. tb;s particular station
had recorded 437 votes cast. The appre
hensive but genial and rotund outpost
who stood conveniently on the sidewalk
imormed an inquiring visitor as he led
him into the place that "things ts kind of
quiet now, Out you ought to have been
earlier." At 4:38, after an absence of no
more than twenty minutes during part of
which the polling-place was kept in sight
and no one observed to enier, the slime vis
itor was then informed that 641 votes had
been cast. And they doubtless had been,
for the piles of carefully f jlu>-d bailo'.s in
side the box appeared to have materially
decreased in size.
It was a dull day in the saloon at the
corner of Pine and Dupont streets, the
polling-place for the Sixti; Ward, and yet
the ballot-box contained untold records of
men who hud been there and deposited a
vote. The proprietor of the place said that
h- had not noticed more ruen U\ih usual
come into his plate, but he thought "may
be twenty or thirty went over into the
back corner where those fellows were
writinc at one of the tables ali day," but
there was a short time during the day
when he was not in the place and perhaps
some more had been ther\
Tbe Fifth Wara polling-place, with com
mendable commercial forethought, was
locnted at 31 butter street, adjacent to Mr.
Spear's auction-room*. At 3:4-5 o'clocK the
clerk* announced that the records, over
which they were then busily at work,
showed that 189 votes had been cast; and
they had an hour and a quarter yet!
The Twelfth Ward, with headquarters
in a little rear adjunct to a saloon at the
corner of Larkin and Pine streets, had its
quota of overworked clerks wiih tired
fingers and aching backs, for up to 2J
minutes after 4 o'clock they had there in
the stilly privacy of that little room
written down the names of 291 voters thai
had Dresumaoiy come there sometime
during the day and exercised the right of
a free American citizen.
Held to Answer.
Joseph Kelly was yesterday hfld to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Conlan 0:1
charjres of robbery and assault to murder in
$2000 bonds on each charge. Kelly, about
three weeks ajro, robbed E. Cashin,*& visitor
from the country in a loJging-house on How
ard street, and when Casnln pursued him he
fired a suoi at iiiia.wounUiuu him in the les.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
At 25 Cents.
IL-9 dozen EXTRA FINE ALL-SILK
SCARFS, in Tecks, Four-in- Hands.
Bows and Club Ties, a very large as-
sortment of colorings, usual Drice 50c
and 75c, will be closed out at 250 each.
At 50 Cents.
75 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' FANCY
TRIMMED NIGHTSHIRTS, made
extra Jarge of good, heavy muslin, and
trimmed with "Cash's* fast color
trimmings, regular price 85c, will be
closed out at 50c each.
At 10 Cents.
95 dozen MEN'S MEDIUM-WEIGHT
FULL-FINISHED COTTON SOCKS,
with double-spliced heels and toes, in
tan and brown shades, manufacturer's
price $2 dozen, will be closed out at 10c
pair.
At $1.00.
42 dozen MEN'S CAMEL'S HAIR UN-
DERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, war-
ranted thoroughly shrunk, extra value
for $1 50, will be closed out at $1 each.
OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS.
BLACK REAL OSTRICH FEATHER
COLLARETTES, finest selected feath-
ers and best made goods, from $£25 to
$3 50 each.
BLACK, GRAY AND WHITE OSTRICH
FEaTHKR BOAS, finest qualities, in
86, 45 and 54 inch, all at the lowest
prices.
COQUE FEATHER BOAS, 54- inch, at
*1, $1 50 and $1 75 each.
wif Murphy Building, J
Market and Joes Street!
DO YOU
Want Manhood?
I Do you realize that you are not the man
i you should be at your age ? Do you rind
your manly strength failing you, exposing
the great drain that has been sapping the
very life and ambition out of you ? Does
this knowledge mar your life ? Then, it is
time for you to . look seriously to your
I health. You need such a remedy as Dr.
; Sanden's Electric Belt, from which you
can absorb new strength and vitality. It
Is a grand remedy for any onewho.is weak
in vitality from whatever cause.
As Good for Women as for Man.
Makes People Strong.
Toning and invigorating in its action, it
has made hundreds of vigorous men out
of as many weak, despondent fellows. It
will cure you if you will try it.
Here Is a Late Cure.
SAN FRANCISCO, September 11, '96.
Dr. A. T. Sanden— Denr >ir: I purchased
one of your Belts last spring and 1 can recom-
mend it highly. My case was weakness of
long standing. I spent all the money I could
earn last year for medicines and doctors, with-
out the least benefit. I have worn two other
belts, but tout belt is far superior to them. It
has dona me more cob<3 In two months than any
amount of medicine could. . I can recommend
it to any one miff-ring from similar troubles.
Yours respectfully, H.STUART,
1139 Market Street
"Three Classes of Men* ,
Is a very valuable treatise on tne restora-
tion of. manhood. It will point oat a
means by which you can become strong
and manly. It is sent sealed, free, to any
audres«, or can be hud on application at
the office.
Don't put it off. Act to-day in a raattei
which concerns the happiness not only ol
yourself, but of your family .and friends,
of your r future. You should not delay.
Call or address .
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
830 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Olfice I hours; a a. v. id
b:SUr. m. • (Sundays, 10 to 1. .
Consultation Free and Invited.
• OFFICES AT:
LOS ANQEIxEa, CAL., I PORTLAND, OR.
I!U4 boom Broadway. I 25a Wasainzcon unit
£LIXIR OF WIT 1 U> Iwi
The pnr« eiwenttal extract from th« native drug. Con-
tains -all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
•without its noxious elements. No sickness cf stomach)
no Tomit.iig m o coftivcinifs ;no headache. All Drugnista.
Cfe IP% MANHOOD RFSTORED^^SS
If^o^ tion French physician, will quickly cure you of all ncr-
Tr <^ PV m%* *V? » tloa 0I a !* m ° us French physician, will quickly cure you ot all ner.
' \A\ ycjl/ \V '. \T you » or diseases of the generative organg, such as Lost Manhood.
S MSJ V* *4*AI Insomnia^ 'ains In the Back, Seminal Emissions. Nervous Debility
\ \jT% A < **9' £ imp ! esTXlnfliness to Marry, Exhaustion Drains, Varlcocele aild
I >v / V V Constipation. It stop* all losses b-' day or night Prevents quick.
■A >«-^ ■ \x-»/ ness of discharge, which If notcheefced leads to Bpermatorrhtßa and
I BEFORE and AFTER §I^°^^^^^ I^^
"™ CUPIOEXE strengthens ami restores small weak organs.
The reason Bufrerrr; are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are troubled with
R»r©«t»mu. CUPIDKNE is the only remedy to cure without an ration. 5000 test ImonU
•Is. A written puHrantft* glveu and money returned If six boxes does not eject a permanent cum*.
|JL.ooabox,sixforsioo,by mail. Bend for peer clrcnlarftnd testimonials. ■»»»»
AUOreu 1>A VOI» SIt2DICLSJ& CO.. 1170 itarket street, San Francisco, Ca!. Forsaio by
HOSIERY! HOSIERY!
At 10 Cents.
175 dozen CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED
BLACK COTTON HOSE, seamless,
I double heels and toes, fast black, worth
$2 per dozen, will be closed out at 10c
a pair.
I
, 1 At 15 Cents. ' v i-'i :
150 dozen LADIES' FINE BLACK MACO
COTTON HOSE, hißh-spiiced heels,
double soles and toes, guaranteed fast
black, worth 25c, will be closed out at
15c a pair. N .
At 25 Cents.
200 dozen LADIES' 4-THREAD BLACK
MACO COTTON HOSE, extra high-
spliced heels and toes, Hermsdorf
dye, unbleached and black feet, regu-
lar value 40c, reduced to 25c a pair.
At 35 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' IMPORTED BLACK
CASHMERE WOOL HOSE, high-
spliced heels, double soles and toes,
/ regular price 50c, reduced to 85c a pair.
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR.
T;Vi':?i At 25 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' DRAWERS, made of
heavy muslin, yoke band, finished with
insertion cluster of tucks and ruffle of
embroidery, regular price 50c, will
be closed out at 25c.
At 35 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' CHEMISES, made of
heavy muslin, yoke of tucks and em-
broidery, will be closed out at 35c
LADIES' KID GLOVES.
At 35 Cents.
500 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in
black only, regular value $1, will be
closed out at 35c a pair.
At /5 Cents.
250 dozen 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK-
ING KID GLOVES,' embroidered
backs, colors and black, regular value
• $1 25, will be closed out at 75c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
245 dozen 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, black
only, regular value $1 25, will be closed
/v out at 75c a pair.
At 90 Cents.
190 dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES
(large buttons), colors and black, regu-
lar value $1 50, will be closed out at
90c a pair. . '•
irCr Murphy Building, J
I Market and Janes Streets. •
, JjlaL&uL dllll Jililua ulluylS. '
The
| Subscription List
| Of the
Weekly : Call
i t
Has
More Than Doubled
Within the Past Year.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The , G RILL
Ladl S rm ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
OPEN UNTIL aiIDNIGHT.
XJ3FL. G-TT *_
» ERK PHYSICIAN of the .^jiMk.
FLOWeRY KINGDOM. Mk £&
HE IS Of GUK A T F.MI- BBBm •; v«.
XJ. netice and learning, bf&S*^ T "*O .
having long experience in far
the Imperial Hospitals of T  I
China. He has practiced 1 d^ fZtZ L>
his profession in America f\ *^ v ."7 H .
for 16 years and cured tiou- \fll 4 V ' M
sands of sick and afflict ■\j '^i<» p
He guarantees a cure of all \ i.^Kh>_ /
diseases of men, . women V "* "" '~ J
and children where cure Is S '
possible. No matter if oth- • Jl ''^r^»_
<rs have failed to cure you, dliTlMfc
trs'Oß. GUY. Everybody
Invited to call. Consulta- lim^
tlon rasa Offl es— 831 KEAKNY ST., bet.
aahinKtu.i and Jackson.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
1 it a powerful aphrodisiac and speclflo tools for til
sexual and urinary organs of both sexss, aad %
treat remedy tor diseases of the kidneys anl bU I-
tier. A great Restorative, lnvigoraioraud Narvia*.
bells on its own Merits— uo kuig-wuid** kam«
\ luunlals necessary.
•N.iw.li, a.X,VS * BKUNK, Agents.
I 823 ilarkut be. S. I . — cseua lor CirciUar)
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
H'MMAKY OF THE M.A.tfJi.E'i.'3.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat weaker. Freight! higher.
Corn depressed.
Oats and Rye dull. " :'. iJi i.
Flour and Feeistuffs unchanged.
Hay demoralized.
Beans continue to weaken.
Flaxseed lower.
Potatoes and Onions low.
Butter and Cheese weaker.
Eggs continue to rise.
Poultry quiet and cheap.
Vegetables plentiful.
Fresh and Dried Fruit quiet.
Provisions in good demand.
Meat Market unchanged.
Wool more active.
Hops neglected.
Hides and Leather dulL
MONEY IN THE UNITED STATES.
The money In the country on the Ist of Septem
ber was as follows:
Gold coin 9570,557,083
bilver dollars 434,502.041
Subsidiary silver 75.609.268
Goldcer.liHcates 40,480,189
Pilver cert ilicates 3.'>7.'2(14,504
Treasury notes of 1890 126.74L280
United States notes 346.681 016
Currency certificates 39.225,000
National banknotes 229.613,896
Total 92,220,620.277
Of the above total 9681,450,643 was in tbe
United states treasury, while 91,539.169,134 was
in circulation as follows:
Gold coin 9463,995,969
silver dollars 68,446,881
Subsidiary silver 69.69f1.467
Go.d ceitificates 38 807.6m9
Silver certificates 345,739,894
Treasury noies of 1890 91, 262,524
United states notes 231.964,734
Currency certificates 38, .-95.000
National bank notes 216,798,526
Total 91,539,169.634
6am c dale last year 1,603,683,028
Decrease 964,413,394
The arrow file* with the wind. The top figures
at station Indicate maximum terop»»ratur» for the
days; tho^e underneath It. If any. the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom a of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hitch" means liieh barometric pressure and
Is usually accomoanled by fair weather: "low"
refer* to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloady weather and rains.
"Lows" us. ally first appear on the WashinctoD
coast. When the pressure is high In the interior
and low along the coasi.and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of «' l iv«;on.ls improb
able, with a "high" in ihe vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, wannef
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse Of these condition*
•nil produce an opposite result.
NEW VOKK MARKETS.
Financial^
NFW YORK. N. V., Sept 15. — The stock
market opened decidedly strong on (be Mnine
election and higher cab'es from London. The j
prominent issues advanced about a point, the ,
shor.s being the larges purchaser* When the de
mand from this source abated he trad rs who are j
bear.shl- Inclined for the- moment star ed in to |
sell. In the absence of support they ha I little dif- ;
ficulty in bringing about a lower ranee of prices. 1
There was also considerable se ling by holders '
who were disappointed on account oi the rather
feeble; response wane by the market to yesterday's i
election in \.aine. and this wax of assistance to tiie I
bear manipulators-
Tobacco bon- the brunt of the attack and fell
fro . 63% to 59%. The selling of this stock was
based on .he reduction in plug by the company in
order to meet Western competition, sug. r fell
nearly '2 per <■• nt to 11334 on the declining tend
ency of ;be marke for raws, will!- • Cuir azo i.as
was adversely influenced, cropping 1% to 68y 8 by
Chicago advices that Attomey-Gcneiai Maloney
had entered proceedings againiit the company.
The granger croup lost 114 to .c/ 8 per cent, the
latter in Burling. on and Q.nncy ..i»n attan fell
2 10 h'JVi- Western Union 114 to 79% and Mis
souri Pacitic 1 to 17. Humors of an advanc- in
the Bank of England rate of discount on Tnursday
and of the embarrassment, of a bi , dry -goods firm
in this city were used .icainit the market.
The report of trouble in the dry- cods trade,
however, could not be confirmed. At the decline
there wa* moderate buying of the diridend-p y
ers, due to statem-nts that the commercial condi
tions in New England were irnpruvi g. report
liad it that a number of mills employing about
12,000 hands intended starting up shorrly. i his
was not without its Influence in some quar en. In
tbe late trading the grangers weakened aga n un
der pressure, and specula ion closed barely itteaJy
intone. Net changes show los.v sof 3 8 ($ % per
cent, Tobacc • leading. In the Inactive blocks
Minneapolis and St. Lonis first preferred fell 4%
to 65 lotal sales were 198. i00 shares, lnclu mi*
3"«,300 St. Paul, -.9,600 Burlington, 28.000 bugar
and '25.3U0 Tobacco.
Bonds wf r • quiet and irrerular on sales of $566 -
OtO. Krie prior li. n fours fell 1% to 85^8". Cin
cinnati and oh. consolidated rives, 34 to 104;
Fort Worth and Denver City first fives, 1% to
48V2; Reading first preference. 1 to 32%: no sec
oudit, 210 18: Texas Pacific fists, 1 to 79, and
Union E evated sixes, IV2 o 71%. New Aloany
and Chicago consolidates sixes brought 75 against
80 before to-day St, Paul, Chicago and Missouri
Klver fives rose 2 to 105.
In Government bor;ds 95000 coupon fours of
.19"j5 brought 1151/2: *1800 do rcglsteied. 11.'>ia.
?20U0 do registered of laO7, 107, and $1000 reirisl
tered twos, 81.
Ornln.
FI-^UR— Steady. Winter wheat, low grades
$1 70@2 60: do, fair to fancy, *2 40®3 40; do'
Satents, $3 45@3 75: Mian -sola clear. $3 20®
70 no, s.ralt.-,, f'2 8."@3 .0; do. patents, *3 l; A
4 05: low extras. $1 7c<§'2 50: city mills, 93 9J?
do, patents, f 4@4 25. itye flour steady at $2 '25
la 'J 75.
COKN'ME • L— Unchanged; dulL Yellow West
ern, 9 1 95@2.
KVf- Quiet;, unchanged. Western, 38*4@39a
BAKLKY-Qulel; unchanged. New feeding
IiEA .—Dull; easier with onions. No. 2 red
f. o. b. . t tic : ungraded red, 68Ta)69c; No. 1 North
ern. 66@86V1C
Options wee moderately active and weak at Vi
@5/ c decline on easier cab weak West and local
r aliziug, with ttadlng chiefly switching between
Heptecsber and December. I>ecemb«r most active
No. 2 red May closed 69% c; September. 648/.C-
October, 64V 3 c: November, 05^c: December.
86Vi<".
CoRK-More active, easier. No. 2, 25%celeTa
tor: 26% c afloat. ;.
Options were dull and weak at V*©V» C decline
on lower Wes and local realizing. December and
October most active. September closed -.7«.-*.
October. i6ygc: December. 27% c; May. 29% '
OATS— active: firm. - n -
Options dull. easier. September, 19"«4c; Octo
ber, 10 % c: December, 20S/8C
■ pot prices: No. V, .'Or; So I white, 24c: No 'i
Chicago, -ie: >o 3, 18c; No. 3 while. 21c; mixed
Western, ]*>@21V»c: white do, 20@29i^c; white
State, -o@.9Vic.
I'rovUlon*.
LA KP-Qniet, steady: Western steam, #8 66
-city, f3 35®3 40; September. $3 66, nominal'
refined inactive; rontl-'cm. »395; foutn Amencan'
$4 40: compoun ', 34@4c.
PORK-Moderately active; new mess, $7 50®
8 25*
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
w 1 1 lock & co.
•i LeldesdorfT St., Tel. Main 1054.
BRANCH OPriCK ■ ■-..-- -■•.•■
188 Market SU, Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. 8. l'i;Kl)V. Manager. *
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
„ Utlona. Keferenoe Ist National Bank, .->. F.
KHiCAUO. riUVAXK WlUii XMiW YOBX.
BUTTER— Fancy, about steady: Western dairy,
B@l2c: ■do creamery, ll@16c: do factory,
7(.£11c: Kigins, 16c; imitation* creamery, )0@
12V2<". J "
CHEESE— Strong: fair demand: part skims,
S@6c: full skim.% li/a@-'c
tOGB- Choice, firm; We&tern fresh, 14©16 c; do
9 case. $8 lo@ • 60.
1 ALLOW -Dull: steady; city, 3 3-16®3iAc:
coun:ry,3V4®3B/ 8 c
COTTONSEED OIL— Steady, firm, quiet; crude,
21c: yellow, prime, 24c asked.
PETROLEUM— Steady: refined New York.
9t> 86; Philadelphia, $6 bO; do lv bulk, 94 30<j)
4 85.
RlCE— Firm: fair demand; domestic, 3%®5%e;
Japan, 4@4 Vie. —
molasses— Fairly active; firm; New Orleans,
27<3137e.
FLAX BEKD— - ,
COFFEE— Steady, 25 to 40 points up; Septem
ber. 93 60(g,9 60: October. 59 16@9 40: December,
$BSo<<£9 05; February, 99: March, 98 95(39 05:
May. 99 80. Spot Km, steady, dull; Na 7, loy s c
SUGAR— Steady, quiet. No. 6. 48' 8 c; No. 7.
4y 4 c: No. 9, 4 11-16 c; Mold A, .'-c; off' A, 4 7-16®
4%c; standard A, 434 c; confectioners* A. 4%c;
cut loaf, 53/ 8 c: crushed. 6S/»c; powdered, 6c;
granulated, 4^c; cubes, sc.
Fruit ami Produce.
APRICOTS— New, bags, B@loc
PEACHES— PeeIed, ola, 12@14c; . nnpeeled,
6@Bc.
PRUNES— Four itlzes. old, 4S,i<i&se.
RAISINS— two-crown, loose Muscatel.
\ 4c; do three-crown. 4»4@5c: do iour-crowu, sV>c;
do London layers, nominal, 91@1 15; clusters,
«120@140.
HOP'S— Doll, easy. Pacific Coast. 3@6%c.
WOOL-Steady, moderate demand. Domestic
fleece, 16@23c; pulled, ibteSlc; 'lexas, 7©l3c.
Merchandise.
Tin iron— Moderate demand. American.
CIO 25@12 50.
CO! PER-Flrm: lake. 810 75(^11.
LEAD— Steady: domestic. 80@3 85. '
UN-Firm; straits, *13©13 10; plates moder
ate demand.
fcl -jiL'l'tK-Qulct; dora«tlc. 93 65@3 6a
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, lix.. Sept. 15.— wheat crowd
was disappointed this morning, prices not display
ing any buoyancy whatever, but on the contrary
Inclining to sag and decline. Much wheat has
been bought lately on the expectation that a boom
was In process of development, but the evidence
Of a ouUe was fainter this morning than at any
time within a week. Consequently speculators
were disposed to sell out and await a more favor
able occasion. The Maine election was encourag
ing to some, but, as a rule, not a great amount of
importance was attached to It, the result having
been anticipated. Northwestern receipts were
heavy at 1474 cars. against 1395 on the corre
sponding day a year ago. Chicago received 337
cars, and- Inspected out 238k bushels. Liverpool
cub es were all higher. Fxport clearances were
liberal at 385.318 bushels. Bradsireet'* report
on stocks was not Issued to-day. December whea
opened from 60c to 59y B e, decline! to 59y @
69 Vie, closing at 59 Vie, 6/fec under yesterday, hi
timated receipts tor to- norrow 176 cars.
CORN— Exhibited entire accord with the action
of wheat. There was only the quietest kind of
trade, and nothing savoring of an independent,
movement was sbown. Receipts wer • than
expected, 498 cars arriving where 590 were .•;;!■
mat' d Withdrawals from store were light at
70.000 bushels. Liverpool cables were unchanged
to Vii lower. Export clearances were heavy at
422,458 busbeis May corn opened at 24» c, de
clined to 2 4 1/4 (#_'•) s ' g c. closing at 2-l.ygC. /g c under
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 316
cars.
OATS— Declined from lack or strengthening In
formation and because of weakness in wheat, ana
corn Features were absent, and a dull monoto
nous market properly explains the situation. Re
ceipts were 566 can. and 19.144 bushels were
tak n from store. port clearances were 61.4 09
bushels. May oats closed */%'.a.y%z lower. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow 300 cars.
FLAX- Was firm. Cash, 6i%@tfsc; Septem
ber, 64^c: December, t>6Vs c . Receipts were 83
cars-
PROVISIONS— The speculative atmosphere of
tbe grain marke s oeing weak dampened the feel
ing in provisions, temporary steadiness suc
ceeded the opening, but it soon wore off and quo
tations were marked lower, a par lal r<-cov -ry
took place betore the clo<e. Pork closed iy%'(&
6c lower. January lard unchanged and January
ribs 2 Vic lower.
BUI IE —The butter market was quiet ana
steady to-day. Receipts were light, and buyers
were no' anxious.
Creameries— Extras, 15c V Ib: firsts, 13@14c;
seconds, lO@l-C; imitations, fancy, 12@..5c.
uairiea— Extras, 13c: firsts, Il@l2c: seconds, 10c.
Ladles— Extras, 9 V2@loc: firstu, 8-SB^c; packing
stock. tKa»7c: grease. 4@sc,
EGGS— Were In good demand and firm. Offer
ings were moderate. Fresh s.oeit, 13@14c fl doz.
41O.NE*— Was 0i&7% on call and 7% on time
loans. New Vorit txchango sold at il dis
count.
Cloning Price*.
WH^AT— Remember. 68c; December, 69Vic:
May, 63a4@t53%0. /
cokn— rrpiemuer. 20v 3 c: December, 21%ta
21% c; May, 245/, c.
1 Alb— beptemoer. 15c; December, 1614 c; May.
1884 c.
j September. (6 67Va: October, fa 75;
January, $6 .0.
. akl— bepiwnber, »3 30; October, $3 32%;
January *3 67 Va
. iji ■j-btniu.uer, *3 10; October, f» 12y 2 ;
January, S3 35.
I-ivestoek.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 11.1., Sept. 16.—Offer
ings of cattle to-day were .large for a Tuesday.
Ihe demand was fair an 1 prices were steady.
The bog market was irregular. Good packing
droves were fa good demand aud a nickel higher,
whiie light ho s were that much lower, offerings
were liberal, sheep were slow and weak. The
1 supply was moderate but buyers were backward.
CATTLE — Keceiotx. 8600. Fancy beeves.
I*s lu@s-0: choice prime. 1300 to 1700 Ih steers,
' $4 60 a. 00: good to choice steers. 1200 10 1600 lt>.
. *4 M,Caii <iO; medium steers. 1000 to 1300 &>. 53 90
i (3.4 '.6: fair beef steer.". 960 to 1000 lbs,
!S3 65 & 3 85; butcher steers. *.-> 10 (» .-« 60;
I choice siockers and Seeders. 900 to 1250 tb f3 40
1 (s3*3o: fair do. 500 to 876 Hi. *2 0<4,3 35; balls.
I choice to extra. 9£ 80@3 35; Lulls, poor to choice,
;£1 75(i§- 75: cows and Ifem. choice to extra. S3 . 0
(ii b&: cows, lair 10 choice, *2 25@3 40; .own.
common to folrcanners. $1 26(52 10. calves, pood
10 cho.ee. S5 26<<£5 86: calves, common to good,
S.I Co@s 20; 'lexas grass steer*. »*: 35(sa 00.
Texas cows and bulls, til 70(g2 50; v\ .stein can
ninfr sieer-s, $2 65(a,4 ; Western range cows ana heif
ers. $2 20@3 40 I milkers an 1 springers, %i head,
$•.0(9,38; Western range, steers, S2 80g£3 so.
iioij> — Keceipi<i. lft.Ooa lieavy packlnc ana
shipping lots. J2 75 v.3 25: common 10 choice
mixed, 92 H)(a,H 'Si: choice assorted. $0 30ud
dO: lulu, *:>lfl.J4o: pigs. *2tt3 oU
t-.iih.h.t—Receipts. 7000. interior to choice.
.175(g.3; iambs. *250.,4.
lALUOI..MA FRUIT FATES
CHICAGO, Ili,, Sept. 15 —The Earl Fruit Com
pan sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Pears-Bartlett, 9105@l 31. Grapes— Tokay, 80c
(£9l 10. Prunes — Hungarian, *l(fl,l 30; Gros,
$1 10@l 45; Fellenberg, 91 16; Silver, 70c@
$1 20; Italian. 75c@$l 20. Peaches — Oran
Cling. 70c: Strawbirry, 65c.
NEW YORK. bept. 16. - Porter Bros. Com
pany sold cailiorntn fruit to-day as follows: Pears—
Dv d- Cornice, 9 *.' 66 V box: B. Ciairgeaus, 91 90;
Bartlet:s, 9 -t@ 80; Summer ■ ecKels, DOc %
half box. Gr«|t3— To^a. s. $1 15@1 8) %i half
crate; Muscats. B'ic(a.s] 16; Morocco, 9 jc Prunes
— rma  91 40 .■%■. half crate; (silver. 91 20.
Plums— Ja an. 91 lb $ half era c. Peaches— La
Grande, 85c $ box: bulvvays, 65©7..c; other va
rieties, 40@75c. ■
--- •» ■.*>>-.... ...OU^i
Bonds, Exchanjjn, Money and Railroad
Miaroi.
Money on call firm at 407%; last loan at 5%
and closing offered at 6%. Prime mercantile paper,
»@\OX. IBr Hiver. 64% C. Mexican ii-ii an 6014
(d,i>:i/iC Pierling t.xc ,«i. :e dull ana stead y. wan
j kc ual business in bankers' bills at $4 8134(<54 82
for « xty days, and 94 84©4 841,4 for 1* mand.
Posed rates. t4 b2@4 84y 2 . Commercial bills,
Si t-oy 2 BIV4. Government bonds quiet, mate
bonds aull. Hallroad bonds steady. bUyer at the
board was lower.
cxootxo urnrir*.
Am Tel A Cable.. . . " 86 Norfolk * Wentrn BY*
Atchlson 11% Preferred....... 13
Preferred... 16% Northern Pacific... 1 iS/ 8
Adams Express ...U3l/2 Preferred li'vl
Alton. Terre llaute 55 Northwestern... 973/7
American ExpresslO7 Preferred. 140
American Tobacco. 60 N. Y. Central* <*l*/i
Preferred 95 N.Y..Chlcago&SL' IOvS
KayStateGas 16 Ist preferred..... 65
Baltimore A Ohio.. 13V* i'd preferred.... 26
Brunswick Lands.. %N. Y.& N. H. 184 '
Buffalo. Roch AP. 17 I.N. Y. & New Eng 20
Canada Pacitic ... 67 N." V.. Kusq & W.T. 734
Canada southern.. 4«Va! Preferred. 2lfi,k
Canton Land 6UV^|< ntario. . ... 10/*
Central Pnatic 13i/ 4 1 ntario & Western 12%
Ches.&Ohio AMI/* Oregon Improvmut 14
Chicago Alton 162 Preferred —
• Preferred. 165 Uregon Navigation 12
Chicago, B. & Q.... 65% Oreeon Short Line.
CWcai:o& K. 111... 38 I'aciflc Mall 17&;,
*M P ."' ferwl 80 1 eoria. D.«fc Evans 'iil
CJ>«cagpOas 68% Pituburc A W. pfd Js™
CleveA Plttsbnrg.. 15 > Pullman Palace.. ..141
Consolidation CoaL 31 IQolcksllver.. li*,
Consolidated 0a.,.143% Preferred. 1.."."* 15^*
C. C. C. ABu Louis '24 Heading. .'""".' l*V,
Preferred. 75 HloQrande&Westn 15^*
Colo. Fuel A iron.. 17% Preferred. 40
i>I * I *™!*;- »0 Island:..'.'..;. SBs/.
Cotton OllCen ... 11 Rome WaUtOgaea.loBv!
Commercial Cable. 125 St. L. &a W ai?
Dei. Hudson- 120 Preferred. 8
Del.Lack<fcWestrn.lsl Bt. Paul. ..'.'.'.'.'.'. 69 V.
Denver AB, O i 0y 2 ■ Preferred. . :i26^*
PP errWl - 40 Kl. Paul A Dulntn. 15
Distillers Preierred... . 76
General Klectno... 28Vi St. Paul A Omaha. 87
trie..;...;. I2vsl Preferred......... 116
-, pr » 1 * rrwl ...... 28 Bu P. M. AM... 103
fort Wayne...... .146 Miver Certificates. 64%
dreat Northern pfdli Southern Paclflo... 15^
Green 8ay.......... Va Southern R. H..... 7 A
gfcrlem. ......800 I Preferred......... 203,.
Hocking Coal — - (sugar Keflneir .... l)3r£
Bockln» Valley.... 14 | Preferred... '....• 10 1/*
Homestake. 84% Term. Coal Iron. 20
H. A Texas Cenu.. 1 Preferred. . 80
Illinois Central..... 87 - , Texas Pacific"" .6%
lowa Central. ty, ToI.A.A.&N.MicV.—
Preferreo... 24^ Tol. A Ohio Cent.. 20
Kansas A Texas... B*4 Preferred.. 60
Preferred 2»y 4 Tol.Bt.Lo U isJtK.cl &
ElnsstonA'Pem... 3 | Preferred......... 16
I ■Lake trie A Westa 14V4)UnIon Pacino:... . 6V4
Preferred.. 63 U. P. Den A Unit. . ISm
LakeHhorj... 143^ V. b. Coraace...... »£
National Lead..... 21 l /a Preferred/ ...;..' 31?
Preferred......... 82 tiuarauieea...... 13
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1896.
tone Island 66 ;V. 8. Express 85
Louisville & Nash. 39 Vbl L. is. Leather...... 7y
Louisville Na&CU 2 Preferred. 49
Preferred.;....";. 6*6 U. Si Rubber. 17
Manhattan Consol. fc2;' g Preferred. 70
Memphis A Charo. 16 . I'tlca&B. Ktver..l6O
Mexican Central... H \V ab. is. L. <fc Pac- 6%
Wlchiga 1 Central.. 87 Preferred........ I3y
iiinniS. L. — . Wei Is- Fargo cu •-■
Preierred .— Western Union 79%
Minn <& St. L com. 14% Wisconsin Central. 2
Ist preferred 65 1 Wheeling &L. IS.. 6
2dpreferred SH i Preferred. 23%
Missouri Pacific... 17 5^! Am Cotton Oil prl. 46
Mobile* Ohio 16 JW. V. Beef.... «%
Nashville* Chatt. b7% Ann Arbor 6
National Linseed.. 14 : Preferred. 17%
N. J. Central 9914; Brooklyn Traction. iO%
Kortii American... 4y j-.ne 2d pid. .. — 16%
nr«isu itnytn.
Ala Class a t5..... 101 Northern Pao lsts. 11 2
Do Class B 4, 65.. 101 D02d5.... H2Va
Alabama, class C. 95 Do3ds. ........ 66
Atcmson 4S .75 Do consol 6s . . . . 44
Do2ds A.. ...... 32 ('lmprovement Ist 72
CauadaSoutb2ds..lOO I Do 65..... ' 8
Cen Pac Istsof "65.100 0 X <fc N 15t5....... 109
Cherokee 4s, 1898.100 Do ;on«ol is 83
£° 1887 10J Or Short Line 65... 104
Do 1898 10J Do cons 55........ 69
Do 1899 100 Facinctfsof "97....
Ches « Ohio b5....104 Phila* eading 4s. 73
1 ChAN Rets 5s 39% Do Ist ifdlncam. 32
DCB-65S 109 V 4 R Grande West lsis 68
Den &p. O 15t..... 110 StL&lronMtGen 6j 70
IX)*«. 87 ISiL A 8 F Gen 6s. 103
£" *<>« 69 St Paul Consols.... 123
FtW&DenCitylsts 49 Si pC& Pa lsis...H2Va
(.ii&SAos 101 so Carolina 41£5... 90
Do2d7s 100 Southern RR 55... 84
Gen Klec Deb 55... 85 j Do Pac Cal lsts.. 110
«* Tex Cent 6a..ioa Term new 3s 70
DoconOs. 102 Texas Pacific Ist*. 79
lowa Cen: ral lsts.. 92 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 15%
Kansas Pa Consols 62 Union Pac lsts 100
Kk fu. A»ia Den dtvlOS V S4s reg of 1.25.115
La Consol 4b 90 Do 4s, coupon.... 115
Missouri funding...— r P4g.i»c of 1907.105%
MKT2ds.. 62 Do 48. coupon.... 107
Do 4s ;; 80 I'oZs 91
Mobile <fc Ohio 4a.. 595.4 Do 5s 110
Mutual Union 85...106V 4 1 o&s. coupon. ... 110
N J Cent Gen 55.. .113 Va funding debt... 67
i » V c<fc-*t Louis 45102 Do registered.....-—
Nor&WestGen 68.105 Do deferred 65... 6
*> Carolina con 4a.. 90 Do trust rcpts st. 4
Do6s ....110 Wabash lit 5s 102
Northwest Consols.l 34 West Shore 4*.. 102
Do deb 65... 105
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVKRPOOt.
LIVERPOOL, Eno., Sept. 15.— The spot market
is firm at 5s 7d@6s Bd. Cargoes firmer at 27s 6d,
September-October shipment,
FUTOREB.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Ked Winter: Sep
tember. 6s 3d: October, 5s 3d; November, 6s
Slid; December, ss3^d; January, 6s 4d
6KCDEITIKS.
LONDON, Eno., Sept. lb— Consols. llOVs: sil
ver, 30d: French Rentes. 102f 76c. Bullion out of
Bank of England, £74.000.
KXCHANGIi ANO BULLION.
sterling Exchange, 60 days — 94 83
sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85
Sterling Cables — 4 86
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New li ork Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine silver, %l ounce — 64^-i
Mexican Dollars 60V« 61
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTuER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are higher at 30s, with
a charter at this figure. The cbanered Wheat fleet
in port has a registered tonnage of 61,67], against
68,662 tons on the same date last year; disen
gaged, 13,000 ions, against 16.000: 011 the way to
this port, '26-, 000 tons, against 340,000.
WHEAT— The marKet la weaker, owing to the
rise in freights and lower quotations from Chicago
and Liverpool.
The Ruvenscourt takes for Cork 63. .00 ctls,
valued at $54,000; Achnasle, for Hull, 89.16s ells
at $9:. 761. No. 1, 86Vi@97%c %t eti; cuolce,
»B%@sl: lower crudes. bli(g,t»s<-; extra choice for
milt lug, $1 02^® 1 05 f-c.i.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. ?1 01 y 8 ; 2000, 81 OlVi: 10.000.
$1 01S/ 8 . May— $1 05; 2000. $1 o6y 8 ; 2000,
$1 05Vi<
second Mission — December — 4000 ctls,
91 Oil,;; 2000, 91 0 8. 8 ; 4000. $1 01^
HEGUI.AR MOBMNII .-BSBION— Mry-2000 Ctls,
$1 05y 8 ; 6000, ti 04%. D cember-6000,«10iy 8 ;
12.00'). $01; 14,000. *1 007/«; 4000, $1 OU%.
AF ibnoos >KBSION— December- 12,000 Ctls,
* 10%; 2000, ?1 01. >l»y— 4000, *1 05; 6LOO,
♦1 ooyg.
BARLEY— Choice b-ight Feed is rather firmer.
Other descriptions are unchanged. Wt> quote
Feed, 6i,(gi6i l / ! tc ft itl: choice bright, 6°2l^@6sc
-& c.l: Brewing. 7 a Va@77 * cU ; Chevalier, VOc
@$1 for No. 1.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Pbssiox— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— No sales
fiZGDUß Moesini) session— No sales.
aftkrnoon bKssioN — December— 2ooo ctls,
«7l*c.
O/»TS— There is not much business. Milling.
87l 2 ta9'2V:>c^ Cil lancy fe.ii. 92V<8«a95c: cood to
choice, 85(^92^3^: common o fair, 75&80 c; (iray,
85fc8:^oc: Surprise. l)f.c(a*l tufa.
CORN— Offerings are larse and neglected. Large
Yellow is Quotable at fc2V2<&3sc: Small .Hound do,
85(^,i>7Va«: t> ctl: \V\iite. 7i'(o.7jc
KYE-Is dull at 70(5,72y 2 c ft cil for old and 62 Vi
@65c for new.
BUCKW HEAT— Nominal at 85@95c ft ctL
FLOUR AND MILLSIUFKS.
FL^UR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, 93 60@3 70 ft bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 40@
3 60; superfine $2 75@3.
COHNMEAL. KTC— Feed Corn, *19@19 50:
Cracked Com. 819 50<fii 0 9 ton.
MlLl.*-TUFF —Prices in sacks are us follows, I
I usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, »2 10;
I Kyell..ur, 82 50; Rice Hour, $5 75; C.rnmeal,
I f'2 10: extra crcarj do, $2 75: ■ at meal, $2 90; Or;
I (•routs, $3 60: Hominy, $3 10(&3 SO; linrkwl.eat
Flour. $3]0&3 30: Hacked Wheat. «_ 75: Fa
ilna, *3tO; Wtiole Wheat Hour, f2 30: Ho, led
Oats. $3 60: Pearl l.nrley, td 60; .-piii leas, $3 2u;
Green do, »4 10 "$ 100 lbs.
11AY AND FKEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— 60 tor the*best and $12@12 60
V ton for outside brands.
MIDDLING^— 15(cj,16 V ton for lower grades,
and $17@18 V ton for the best.
FEEL»TUtFS— RoIIed Barley, $14 50: Oilcake
Mea at the milt, #21 %< ton: jobbing, $22; clipped
Cats. 9"V2«-fe*l 05 « ctl.
HAY-WeaK «t the decline. When. $7@9 '$
ton : Wheat and Oat, 6@» 60: i>ai. 1 5(§7: Barley,
tb@,7; i.lver Barley, *4 ;>o(as: A. in fa. $5 Bo@
660 lor second ant* $4 f>o(g,s for first « ing;
compressed $6@9: stock. $4(^j, Cover, 6@7 60.
bTKAW— * bale.
BEANS AND SEED*.
BEaNS— Another decline is noted. About the
only business I* In large -Whites for September
shipment on contracts. Bayos, 95ci.91 15 Veil;
(Small Whites, &6c(<it?l 10 ft ctl: Pea, Csc
(asl 15 9 ctl; Large Whiles, 80@90c ft ctl: Pink,
75(» 5c v ctl: Reds, tl@l 10 f)<U: Blacueye,
$125: Red Klaney, Sliu.l 10; Limas, $1 50®
1 77^: Butters. *1 2.@1"40.
:-hi-,D>>— Brown Mustard, $2 65®2 65; Yellow
Mustard. $1 '25(g,l 60: Flax is weak and declining
at $1 25; canary, 2V4@2-'»4e $ ib; Altai la, nomi
nal: K. ne, 2%c: Hemp, 3^c.
DKIKD Pi.A>— lOfel *0 "$ cU for lies and
91 25@1 60 for Green.
POTATOES, ONION-, VJ-GKTABI.ES.
POTATOES — Continue cheap and plentiful.
Sweet Potatoes. fl@l 25 ft ctl: Garnet chiles,
60($b5c t* c.t: Kany Rose, 2.'@3oc: Bur
bank tseedlincs, 25@30c tor ltlvers and 60@80c for
ballnas.
onions— Dull and weak at 20@25c ■% sack;
Pickles. 5 c Q sack.
VEOKTaBLI-.sj — Green Okra is higher and
choice Alameda Corn is also firm. Al oilier de
scriptions are plentiful and cheap. Marrowfat
Squash is quotable at $5@7 60 9 ton: Green
Corn, 2&@6£>c "$ sack: Alamt da Corn, 76c@$l 25 V
crate; Berkeley Corn. 3.>@iL>oc %* box: summer
Squash, *20^3Uc ft box for Bay: Egg Plant, 25@
350 V box: 'iomatoes, 16((20c $ box tor Kivers
and 16@25c V- box tor Bay Alameda Cucumbers,
20r$35c; Pick es, 50@65c V box for No 1 and 25®
60c V ctl fur No. 91 1 Green Peppers, 26@3 <c ft
large box for chile and 25@30c for hell: Green »
Peas, 50 @$. 9 sack for common and 2c f lb tor
Garden; firing Beans. 50(<$76c "# sack for com
mon and iy 2 (g/'2c V &> for garden: Limas. 25@76c
V sack; Green Okra. 60©75 c ft box; Dried Ok ra,
12V&c%41b: cabbage, 40c »l cti ;. Carrots, 25@30c
ft sack; Uarilc, i&j«ic > lb.
Bt'TTJCK, CHEK-K AND EGOS.
BUTTER— Dealers quote a lower and very weak
market,' with Increasing s ocks '
Cbkamkry— Fancy, 26@27c V S>; seconds, 2S@
25c ft Ib.
Dairy— Fancv-. 23@24c: good to choice, 19®
22% c: lower grad s, i-2V 3 @l7^.c * lb.
I'UKLED— ft ll>.
Firkin — 14<gilbc %*• lb.
* HKi-.-E— ls weakening under larger stocks.
Choice mild new, BVa@t»c %t Ib: common to
good old, 6<aBc * Ib: Cream Cheddar, 10@llc;
Young America, 9®loc; Western, 10@llc: East
ern. : i@i»c ? Ib. .- ' - .
KGOS— Kanch Kegs continue to advance. Other
descriptions show no change. Oregon are quot
able at 12(<$13c $ dozen; Eastern. 14Vfe@16c f>
dozen lor uir to choice and Ire for fancy: store
Eggs. 12@14c for ordinary and 16@17y 2 c for good:
ranch Eggs, 22y 2 'd,2»c: cold storage ranch, 17®
18c; Duck Eggs, It%) 7%i doz.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— receipts of Eastern keep
prices down..
Live Turkeys are quotable at lS@lsc "$ Ib for
Gobbler*. 12@14c ft Ib for >t ens: Geese, ft pair,
$i@l 25; (<o3llngs, $1 26(91 50; Ducks, $2 60@3
9 doz for old and f3 50@* 60 for young; Hen*
?-»te4 60: Boosters, young. $3 50(0.4 50 V doz; do,
ola, $4@4 50: Fryers, %i 75@3; Broilers, $2 50(a)
3 for large and $2@2 50 tor kmall; Pigeon^,
SI sU(g,l 75 t 1 - dozen lor young aud $I@l 25 for
old. ■•■■•.
UAME— Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
SBHSSMHSsJasrasU; . — ■ — •'^tOßi^Bsisgwrmmtsat,
ORCHARD FRUITS—
• Prices show ; very , liMe change. The market is
very q let and well supplied with Peaches, Apples
and Figs. V. .
Quinces, 3.*i@soc * box.
readies, 25&05 c ft box and 15®26c « basket.
Plums. 26@50c»iox: Prunes, 40@60c
Pomegranates. 76@86c box. -
Apples, 75c@$l ft box for choice and 5860 c
for common.
Pears, 30@50c ?t box; Bart let ts, 6C@Bsc V box.
Figs, 25(^,40c » box for white and 25 @65c for
black. ■ :~. ■■■ ■■ .
BEBRIKl?—
strawberries, w chest for Longworths and
9-1 60@4 50 for laree berries. i
Raspberries, *H@4 50 ? chest.
.Blackber.ies, $2@4 50 * chest.
Huckleberries are out of market.
Cranberries from Wisconsin and Cape Cod are
quoted at $10 « bbl.
GRAPe.s— wine Grapes are doing better. Table
descr.ptlons are in good supply and slow. Seedless
are quotable at 35(<r40c '■& box: Isabellas. 60@65c
V' crate: Tokays, 26@60<- %> box; Black Grapes,
25<840c V> • box: Muscats. :W@4oc: Sweetwaters
and Fontalnebleaux, 25@35c $* box; Grapes in
crates bring 6r<£loc more than in boxes.
Zinfandel Wine Grapes, $21@24 %i ton.
»lEL(NS- Watermelons »re very dull at $2@B
v 100: Cantaloupes, 60@b5c « crate: Nutmegs,
2,*j(ai4(ic ft box.
CITRCS FRUITS— Orangrs, $2@3 •& .box for
yalenilas and $1 60 it box for Mediterranean
Sweets; Lemons, . 75c@$l 60 V dox for common
and $2 50@3 50 for good to choice: Mexican Limes,
$5@5 60 V box: California Limes. 60®75c: Ba
nanas, $I@2 V- bunch; Pineapples, « 2&3 60 * dot
DRIED FRUITS, RAISIN Sj, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
Dried .Pears are cheap and hard to sell. Prunes,
Peaches and Apricots are firm.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows:
Carload Apricots, 6@Bc fl Ib for Royals
and &(a)10c %l lb for choice to fancy Moorparks;
Prunes. 3c %t &>; peaches, 3@4c ft Ib for prime to
choice, 6Vfcc for fancy and o@lOc for peeled in
boxes: Apules, 6c for evaporated and 2(a)2V»cfor
sun-dried; Pears, ly 2 @3c tor prime to choice. 2@3c
for quarters and 4@6c for halves; Plums. 4c for pit
ted and iy 2 @2c for uoplited; Nectarines, 3@4c
for choice and 60 for fancy; white Figs, .He; black
Figs, 2y 4 @2i^c.
Jobbing Pricks— Peaches. 4V^@sVac f>
Ib: fancy, 7c %t lb; new Apricots, 6@7c %» Ib:
fancy, 8c; Moorparks, 10@llc: new evaporated
Apples, 6c: sun-dried. 3c; Prunes, 3c for the four
sizes: new Figs, black, 2y-,c for unp eased and
S@3V^ for pressed: white lies, 4c: Plums, 6c for
pitted and li/ 2 c for unpitted: new Nectarines. 4
(dlsc lb for prime to fancy: Pears, 2y a @3c for
whole, 2J^ft6ayoc for quarters and 4@sc for halves.
RA'SIAS—
carl -ad Pric-s, f. o. ». Frksno— Four-crown
loose, 4c; 3-crown, 314 c; 2-crowu, 2 3 /ic; Seedless
Sultana-*, 4c; Seedless Muscatels. 2V2C; 3-crown
London layers, $1 10: clusters, $1 86; Debesa
clusters, $1 75; Imperial clusters, $2 60; dried
Grapes, 244 c %>. lb.
Jobbing P«icks— Four-crown, loose, 4i/sc: 3
crown, 88,40^ ft; 2-crown, »c f! lb; seedless Sul
tanas, 5c $ lb; seedless Muscatels, 3^c; 3-crown
London layers, $1 ; clusters, $150: Dehesa clus
ters, 92 60: Imperial clusters, 2 50.
NUTS— Quo atlons are as follows: Walnuts,
nominal; new Almonds, 7c ¥ Ib for Lancuedoc,
¥ Ib lor hardshell and 9@loc %* Ib for paper
she), jobbing; Peanuts. 4(a-Jc %>. Ib for Eastern and
4c for California: Hicsory Nuts, 6@6c « ib;
Pecans, 7%@Bc; Filberts, 7>,«j®Bc; brazil Nuts,
7%@Bc ft 16; Cocoanuts, *4@5 't 100.
IIONKY— comb, 10@12Vs for bright and 6@9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 5©5y 3 e;
light amber extracted, 4 1 iS -i c ; dark amber, 4@
4Vic; aark. 2@3c > !h.
LEESW AX- i;s@27c ?t Ib.
ri.OVJSIONB.
Are In fair demand at steady prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6V a c *Ib for heavy,
7Vac ■$ Ib for light medium. 9(59y 2 j» Ib
for light, 10@llc for extra liznt and 12c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12i/2«13c;
California Hams. ll>($llc V Ib; Mess Beef. $;«g,B:
extra mess do, *8 60@9: family do. $10@ll: extra
prime Pork, *8&8 00: extra cltar. $13 '?. bbl: •
mess, $. 1 50(5>12 bol; - mo~ed Beef. 10c # !b
l.AßD— Eastern tierc<s l* quoted . at 4i/ic >. Id |
for compound and &Vi" for pure; pails, tic > Ib;
California tierces, 4 'Ac for compound and 6V» 1 ' tor ]
pure; ha i-bb!s, 6%c; 10-lb tins, 6V4C: do 5-lb
6Vi;c V lb
CUT oLKNK-6y 3 c In half-bbls and 6»^@ j
7y 8 ft lb in 10-lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS,
HIDES AND nUM-H— No change In the local
market, which Is quiet. Heavy salted steers tic:
culls and brands, ifeSVic: medium, 6c: culls and
brand,, 4(g,;v c V lb; light, 4c: culls and
braaan, »<s3V<jc; Cow. 1 id s, 4@4i / « s c: culls and
brands, :%4c; suited Kip, 4c salted Calf. 6c ■?• Ib:
salted Veal, 6c; dry Hides. 9^n.9yac: culls and
brniios, "c; dry Kip and Veal.7<S.Bc; cull-, 6c;
dry Calf, i:'@l4c; culls, b@9-: skins. 20®
!isc each: K.ds. 6c; Deerskins, good summer,
'25 a 27y 2 c: medium,' 15® 2y a c; winter. 7@loc;
Shf.|.»Kins, shearings. 10<£15c each: short wool,
20@35ceach; medium, 4(Jra3oc each lons wools. !
t>U@i6o each. Culls of all kinds about ■ 2 .- less.
j A i.li iW— No. 1. rendered, 2 Wj«3c; No. 2, j
"2i 4 c: refined. 4%@5c: Grease, 2c V &>•
WOOL— There s more art vliy. New San Joa- 1
quin Fall has -old at £ »/«<&< 4c— about 100 bales.
We quote Spring cip: Humboldt and MenJocino,
10@)lc; Nevada, 6@B S c: San Joaquin and South
ern Coast, six montas. 3v 2 @sc: northern free de
fective. 4V?(<tsVj(.' V. lb.
HOPS— New Calitornias are freely offered at sc,
with no buyers. ' .
GENEKAL, MKiiCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta 'rain Bags, spot, 94 12y a @l 20: |
&an Quemlii. $4 '20: Woo! Bass. 24^@26V^c
COAL— Wellington, 98: ?4 ton: New Wellington,
98 ¥ ion: SoutbfleJd Wellington, 97 50 3 ton;
Seattle, $5@5 60: rsryan , *5; toes fay, $4 60; ,
Wallsend, $7: scotch, $7 60; ■ Brymbo, $7 60; |
Cumoerland, $13 50 ft ton In hulk and $15 in sks: '
Peons .iv an Anthracite Keg. $11 "$ tori: Welsh
Anthracite, $9: . Cannel, ■ 97 bO; i.ock Springs. I
Caste (^te and- P.pasant Valley, 97 tO: Coke,
911012 iii bulk and $13 $ ton in sks.
CANNED FRi ITS— Cherries, black or red— 2%-
Ib extra, $2 60 V dozen; 2i/ 2 -lb standurds. $1 75 1
(S)2 IS; beconds. $1 60. Wine L berries— '2 i/»-Ib '.
ex:ra, $2 60: iy% !b standards, $2 10. Peach, a— !
t-liow, free, $1 50; yellow, rling, 2y 2 -lb nl:i;:d
-a (Is 91 -fi(g,i 36; s> ci-nds, $1 1 6&1 '20 Aprl- :
cots— Bsc@*l 10. Kiispbi-rr <,•>>— '2 - lt> standards,
$1 3. @l 65. strawberries— standurds, $1 35.d I
1 65.
lANNKI) VEGETABLES— Tomatoes, 80c ft
dozen. 2y 3 !t> tins. Peas, $1681 25 ft dozen.
CoFFi-.. —
Costa Kica— 18V2@20c for good to prime: 17i/^@ ■
18c for KOed m xt-u «l;t> black beans. 1613) ■
17c for fHlr; 13(%15 for common 10 or i ary
Salvador— /4 @l9c lor^ool to inn- washed:
17hLl7Vj'' ft Ib tor lair wraafcv*: 19@20c for good
wushtd p. she ry; 16ValSi6V4'.' for superior un
washed: 15@15i/4C lor wood unwush-u; 16^4@ 1
17V2 fur k ...i to prime unwashe 1 pea berry.
t. CAT I MALA AND MEXICAN— 2t)I'4©-'>.'<. 4 C for
prime to strictl> prime washed : ]«».t.cdl9»ic 10.
good tostric ly good washed: lt@l 1V? - t*»r fair !
wusheU: 14(ajl. r .i/ 3 c for mtdluni: 12@13VaC tor
ordinary; :^i]i^c fur inferior to common) 20
?i.l)Bftorg.i,(i'to prime washed berry: 17©
7Vi»-" for Kood to prime unwnsheit 1 eabeiry.
KJ^il— Pacific" od. catch of 1896. 100-lb cases, !
4@43 / ic -.■ Ib 50- Ib bundle. 4c: Hone. ess, sic(isi/ 2 c;
Blocks, £.@7y 2 c; Desiccated, $1 70. Paciflc Her
ring. 15. %> Mi; Dutch do. 90c(a*l 10 ft keg;
White Fish, $1 .0 in half-buis and $1 75 in kits:
Tongues and Sounds, $12: Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
$'-0: No. 2. 118 50 No. 3 $17; half-bb.s— 1,
*9@ ■ 50; No. 2, $8 50@9: No. 3, »8 60; kits, No.
1, »l 50: .So. '2, !(!1 25; No. 3, $1.
QUICKSILVER— Quoted for export at $34®
36 50%tf1-fik.
/OlL— California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 95c;
bbls, 9ttc ler ga (manufacturers" rates); Linseed
Oil in libs, boiled, .8c; do raw, 36c; cases. 5c
more; Lard <.il, extra w uter strained, bbl *, 55c:
No. I. 45c: cases, 5c higher; - china -\ut, $4 Bu(s
5 15 > c..s««
PE 1 ROLEUM. G >' OLIXE. ETC.— Water-white
Coal OI , In bulk, ll^jc; Pearl OI , hjj cases i 7i 2 c
1* gal: Astral, do. 171,3 c t* cai; . Star, do, 17i^c;
Extra star oil, Incases, 21 %c; Klalne, do, '22i^jc; .
Eocene, do, l'Ji/ 2 c; Deodorized stove GusOiitie, in
bulk, 3c; do, in case*. 19c: 63" Deodorized
Naphtlia, In bu.l:, 12c; < 3° do in cases. 17^c: 86 s
Gasoline, In bulk, '20-; 86° do, in rases, 2&c %t gal.
Wii 11 LKA D— Quo:ed ..'. 6V<jC %t Ib.
RED LKa I>-Quo.ab c at 6^c * m.
TUUPK.NTINt— In cases. 4ic; in iron barrels,
36c; In wooden barrels, 38c "$ gal.
C.\ N DLKS -l-..ecir c Light— 6's, 16 or, 7S^c; do,
14 oz. 7c: do, 12 oz. 6Vi<": do, 10 07.. 6i^c: Gran
ite—6's, 16 oz. 9Vic; do, 14 oz. B%c; do, 12 oz.
7S/4c: ao. 10 oz 7c %t Ib.
LKATHEK— Extra heavy Sole is quotable at
26@28c; be vy t«ole, 27c for No. 1 and 25c
V lb for No. 2; medium-Sole, 24@26c for No. 1
and 22c for No. 2. Light ?ole, V:iift24c tor No. 1
an 20«i2'2c *lb for o. 2; Harness, heavy, SO®
35c; do. medium, 28c: do, light, 24@26c: Rou n
L iiii.er. 18@20c. Kips. $40(350 V doz: Calf, 70S
90c: Rou .'Spins, 43)6,.
tsUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 5y 8 c;
Powdered, 68/sc: Fine Crushed, f>V 8 c; Dry Granu
lated, 43,4 c; confectioners' A, 4>"4c: .Macnoila A,
4S/gc: I.x. rac, GoidenC, 4y half barrels,
Vie more than barrels, and boxes y 3 c more.
SAN ITRANCi^CO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are weak, but no lower. Feet and Mutton
arc unchanged. Wholesale rates for dressed stock
from slaughterers are as follows: .
BEEF— First quality. 4%@5c; second do, 4@
4%c: third do. 3V<|C 4 Ib
V KAL- Large, 4<£sc; small, s@6c * Ib .
MUTTON -Wethers, 4%@5c; Ewes. 4@4^c
LAMK-b@6c ? tt>.
POKK— Live i.ozs. 2»4c V *> for large and !4%c
for small and medium ; dressed do, 4^^sc * Ib.
WOOD, LUMBER, ETC.
Posts. 9@loc each; Redwood, *5 'ji cord; Oak,
rough, $6 50: ; peeled. $9; line, 55 75. . ■
TASBAKK-Jl4 i* cord. 113
LIiMBKU-Ketall pries for Pine are: No. 1
rough. Si:t@l7 50 for the • 1 (to rent lengths: No. 2,
*11: No. 1 flooring. *21@2«i: Lath, »2; Bedwood.
*16 for No 1 and *13 for No. 2: Kustic, $18©v:3;
bhingles, common, $1 60; Shakes. *9 M.
KKCKirTs or psoovCiC.
ran 24 HOURS.
Flour, sks.... 10.366 Kgg*. doi 1,410
Wheat, ctls 68,817 Hldes.no 1,346
Barley, cils ; 8,206 ! Pelts, bd is ...... 540
Beans. »ks 1.137 Wine, gals .... «a,*< 0
Oats, cus 1.220 Wool, bi5........ .< 118
Corn, ctls.. 2661 Sugar, bbls 4,229
Potatoes, sks.... 8.220 Lumber, M feet.. 10
Onions. 8fc5...... 700 leather, r0115.... 20
Bran.sks.. 70.- 1 Lime, bbls. ..... "81
Middlings, sks... 66- nai.seed.sks....' 478
Hay, tons 610 rhlcorr. bb.5.... 40
Butter, ct15...... 45<» Hops, bi5........ 64
Cheese, ctls Ml
...... .1 .
m ...
PACIFIC COAST BONDS.
The ordinance adopted by .he Board of Trustees
of the 1 ity of Anaheim providing for tbe issuance
of municipal bonds, speciiii s that the ratio of In
terest aha I be six per cent per annum, payable
semi-, ntiuailr at the office of tbe City Treasurer
of Ananelm on the flr.t day o. December and
June each year, on the surrender of the interest
coupon thereto attached. The bond series will
consi I or 120 bonds, amounting in the aggregate
to 918.000.
Yesterday was the date for the sale of 95500
school bonds of Koclcy View School District in Tu
lare County, these being 8 per cents, the interest
being payable annually. The bonds are of the de
noiu nation of 91100 each, the tirst is payable
January 1, 1902 and one is payable each year
thereafter until nil shall have been paid.
Tiie -mi Bernardino Sun says finally that the
Rialto irritation di.v.r C: will disband The peoule
of tbe district met a few days ago and by a unani
mous vote determined to accept the offer mad ■ by
tbe bondholders, which was the necessaiy step to
be taken to reach a decU.ve resuit. The KialU*
irriK&tion district con i.sts o: about 3500 acre* of
land. When it was tirst formed into an irrigation
district it was determined to issue bonds to the
atrount of 9500,000 and to put In a system of irri
gating due Ues, together with a water supply, which
would be unequtileil in >ou thorn California. Of the
total issue of $500,000 94')6.000 are held by
various corporal ionn, while 995,000 never has been
sigued up and delivered. The larger holdings of
bunds are as follows: San Francisco savings
Union, 965,000: S. \V. BtOwaU, Los Angles,
91-0,000; (ierman- American Savings Bank, Los
Angeles, 945,000; Sta c Loan and Trust Com
pany, Los Angeles, 945,000: John Shirley Ward,
Los Angeles, 93 ,000: and J. M. Ptrtle, Los
A ngeies, 910,000. 'lbeoffer .f the bondholders Is
practically this: Thai they wii. take the property
of .he district and surrender the bonds. The bond
homers have formed a corporation aud they will
make tip a.l tbe indebtedness of the district and
get their returns by selling water to tbe ranchers
and fruit-growers of the district, but d aim; with
them as individuals r.i. her than us members of the
district. At the mcc.ing of owners of land fifty
six owners were pr> sent and the sentiment was
entirely favoraDle to accepting the offer which has
been made.
The case of J. B- Ruggles a* assignee of tne es
tate ot J. H. Wilßtis of W inters (this State)
against \V. J. Kannedy and the Bank of Winters
h«s been appealed to the Supreme Court. The case
is said to involve novel points.
The California Paft? Deposit and Trust Company
has tiled wiih the County Recorder oi Sacramento
County a mortgage given to It by the Sacramento
Electric, Gas and kail way Company to secure
tbe payment of 92,000,000. Tne mortgage runs
for thirty y< ars and bears Interest at 6 per cent,
payable semi-annuaily, and the property given as
security cousis. s of all tbe lines of street-railways
in > mm mvii o, with depots, bul dings, rolling
stock, mm hinery, dynamos, all rights, privileges
and franchises, all right and title in the wa er
rlgnt on the American Htver »nd all prot>erty
owned in Folsom. The Sacramento Bee explains
that this trarsaction is said to be simply an issue
of new bonds in the name of tbe new consolidated
company to coy- r the bonds outstanding of the
several corporations which were recently consoli
dated.
The Supervisors of San Luis Oblspo County
have adopted the udvlc • given them by special
counsel who was ln»tructtd to investigate the
bonneU indebtedness of the county, and have or
dered that there shall be created four funds.
The=e funds are the County Government Fund,
Act of '91 1 end Fund, the .special i.oad Bond
Sinking Fund and the Political Code Bond Fund.
In accordance witu this plan, and also in pursu
ance of recommendation given by special coun
sel, the sum of 4H4.787 27 has b«en transferred by
order aiiop.ed by the Supervisor* to the credit of
these funds, being apuortioned as follows: Special
ttoad bond Sinkinx Fund, 934,000; Political Code
Bond Fund, 9500; County Government Act of
1881 Bond Fund, 9200. t'oumy Government Act
0/ 1891 Bond Fund, 987 27.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Stocks showed no change worthy of note yester
day.
The following local corporations paid monthly
dividends ytsteraay: San Francisco lias Li«lu,
3.> cents; oak and Gua. 26 cms: i-.ciisnn Light
and Power, 662/8 cen s: facltie Telephone and iel
egruj.h, »o cents, and buuset Telephone aud Tele
graph, 20 cents.
Th 1 01190 mated Culifornia and Virginia Mm
Inc I ompany. after paying all expenses for the
post mourn, cariies forward a 1 actual cash balance
01 917.000, against »78C0 on h nd at tne same
tune in the previous mouth. Tne increase repre
sentt be net profits made on the recent run of the
Morgan mill on the couj puny 'sore.
Anseastnenrs I'Anrlln?.
Following in a list or asst.-SMmema now penilnf :
L'on Imperial
L'ontldpuce
Alpha Con ,
H«-lcber
-ii tih Nevada.
Bu.iiOD
1 Town Point
Union
Uould & Curry
uccldental :
:>phir ......
Alia...
Utah
low .1 After t ..
Com pant.
Xo. Ann. In the' Sals Day.
1 I Board. |
37 01 Aug V 4 sept 22
27 30 A u.s 80 .Sept 24
17 10 s-pt 8 .Sept 2tt
63 25: Sept 6 .Oct 25
11. 25 Sept 7 .Get 25
48 • lUJSt-pt 14 .Uci 8
681 20Stptl8.Oct ]»
53 'JOSepL'Jb .Oci 5:2
79 I 6 oot -'i .Oct 27
24 lO.ict 3. Oct 28
67 26 Oct b Oct 30
63 li Oct b..\ov 2
23 06 oct ll.N'ov 'i
•t
■ •■
BOAiiU »AXES.
Following were the sale* la the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday : . . \ , .
lUIH UK MOItNINCI SKSSIOJC. COKKKNCINO 9:30.
400 Alia. 100 Con 1m....03 3 0 0ph1r...1.00
26 i h Jc Ji...).Ui:i20.) U&C 56 5) 1'otos; Ml
100 8u11i0n.. ..1a OJ Mcx 400 Beg 8et.. .09
6t> Choir. 260 0cc1dt1«.. 55 100 aNy 76
IUO CC^V.. .1.85| '
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2 :30.
600 Andes....^o 200 Kxcnar.. .04!'20'.l 8av........61
10U 81cner..... 611300 O &C«.... 63 300 See B 08
100 ii <ti> 98200 H&N...1.61 100 Uui0u....44
bOO ChJlar^ .2.2.( 10J ;,.icn 65J150 V Jao^»i...oO
SOU CCAV...l.BU|2ooOphir »7|200 31
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
BiotJUB skwios- 10:30.
200 Alpha.... ltt|3oi> Cliallge. ..43,-.'()0 Hex 59
1200 And«M...SO!25OCC<feV.. l.BO 4OO 08
46i» Blcnr 62|7U) 1.82Vs 400 occd ...... 54
9jO i A11.. ..i. 00 C0nn....1.%1< 1200 Ophlr..l.oU
•200 Kixlte 65 2HOC Imp Oi: MO .; 98
200 .64 1.00 ........ 03 300 Overman. 16
7 0 62400 ConN V...03 000 P0t051....93
1000.. ...6O|l<Ml 1>0mi...29 4"0 mv 63
12OJ >.ullion..lK2oo Exchqr....l 5 500 fc-K.ti1....u9
600 19 210U u<tc. ..65 .400 « Ny 74
30U 8u1w«r.... 471800 11&.N...1.51 500 S mil 02
300 Caied.... 1. 200 Julia .....07 2UU Uui0u.....A4
100 iLuij.. 2.25,400 Justice.. ..o7 30 J U-au 09
360 .U.27Vr,200 Kentuc^..u7,2oi< V JcaM 32
AFTKRNOOK BKSBION— 2-.30. ■ - -
20" A'rha 16 10 - «. < V.I. 0ph1r.... 98
300 Alia —Ob 200 Conti... 1..<0 200 Ovrmn. ..15
20UAndes '2* 150 1.3^y 3 20 » Po.ol 96
100 .->< 1000 C Imp ..0.|300 .94
15 » 1 eicner....6V. 1000 0.1500 ....« 95
350 B&B 9f. 100 C P0int. ... 30 200 bay....,..61
40 ; l.ixlie 61 600 Kxchqr....os 200 » NT 74
60 J Bunion. ... Ib 2/0 G ill C. ....64 00 Union C...44
100 8u1wer...46 1011 H<fcN...l.6< 200 ... . ......44
20.1 C1ia1uK....4.. .UU Mxcn 66 20U Utah ... ..(.8
100 42 100 Mono: I«il00 X Jacit«..3l
1200 Clioir..2i,i 0ccJ .;.... 64
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Sept. 15-4 p. it
SliLAtktdL, MicLAihed.
Alpha Con. ... 15 16 Jackson 25 —
Ait*. 07 08|Jolla. .. — 08
Andes. 29 30 Justice. 04 «6
h.elcher .50 61 Keniuck....... 06 t7
Best & Belcher 97 98 lady Wash.... — 14
Beuton C0n.... — 1.. Mexican ... 66 57
80d1e... «0 Bl Mono .......... IB —
Bullion 17 18 Nevada Queen. — ' 04
Bulwer. 46 — Occidental..... 62 63
Caledonia. 09 11 Ophtr 95 97
Chollar 2.26 2.30 overman...... 13 16
Con.cal&Va.. . 1.76 I.Bl>li'otosl 94 96
Challenge Con. 39 41 Ravage. 60 62
Con. Imperial. 02 03 scorpion.. .. — (9
Confidence.... 1.30 I.b6j>eg. I'.elcber... .08 OH
Con New York - 04 syndicate ..... — 04
Crown Point... 29 30 silver Hill.. 02 03
KastSlerraNev — 14 sierra Nevada, 75 76
.Eureka con ... 25 — L'nlonCon..... . 41 42
Kxcheauer .... 04 05 Utah. ..".;..:...-' 08 li 9
oouiu & curry. 62 64 1 clluw Jaclcb- 30 31
lihttOiNorcra.l.6o 1.66
GOLD MINING EXOHAXO-a.
Champion ..... Asked Princess..... 80
Asked 22 5l ' Savannah.......
Kdna...... Bid ;... 47
Asked 35 Asked ; 49
Grant. i liorpe
Eld... 10 Asked. " 75
Asked -...;.. 25 100 Con Virginia... 190
Keystone........ 2t»o Ch011ar....:.... 2-5
Bid ......65 00 50 Hale & Norcrs. 45
" Kennedy. I 50.... „ 160
A5ked......... 5 50 150 0phir.. ......... 100
100 Lockwood Con.. 28
LOCAL BKCDRITIK9.
Asked Spring Valley Water........ „ . 96 26
Blc Ban Francisco Gas. , " 90 60
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Sept. 15-2 P. U.
T7NITKI> STATICS BONOS.
£i<f. Alked.l Bid. Alfced.
UK4*eonp..lor.y 3 — C 8 4are«... — 107%
Do new li<suells -—I
. MIKCKI.-LANKOUI -OW*.
Cal-ntCWeSs. lOBVIIIO racltoll MM « —
I*l Elect, 85 118 - Do 2d Is — —
CntraCWs« — 94 F*OUr6i. — 115
Dpnt-stex-co 88 . 97V* P«Ch Ry6». — 107"V4
>dsn 1.41" US 118 - Pwl-st RRBt. — —
1&111KH6*. - 103 Heno, WIAL - 105
Geary-stßss. — 107V2 t-acto PAL. — loa Mi
LosAngLtfs. — 100 >F&NPR»i. 97^100
Dou^teedSi 96 100 SI'RRAriB .— ■ 97
Mkt-stCble6all9 120 tPKKraltSs. — HOVi
DollyConSs.. 101% — KPRRCa! 5». — —
NatVln6sls: 96 — £PBrßCaia» — 99
NevCNisß7». 96 — V Waterßs.. 116V4H»%
NPCRR6S.IOO - SVW»ter4s.: 97*V4 —
N fir Cal 61 a3«iJooV«jStktn(iitKSj — 102V4
NKy Cal ss. - 100 Sons TATB± — -
Oak Gas 65.. 100 - Buuer-BtKai. 1071-4,109
Load U 6a.. 102:14105 VtoallaWCtt*'— —
Oiuuilma <». 117 . —
%\ATKB STDr-KV
Contra Costa 51"V% — |San J05e..... — ■ —
MkrluCo... 60 63 ms V»ll«7 96»4 97
) . m hoc
Capital.!..... 17% 80 iPaclflo LUh» - 4f -V4
Central.;. ... P5 — ' 9an Krancaco 90 »Osy,
OakULAU 61V% 62* Vi i stocKton. . . • " >!0
kM uaslnip. 83 , 84 j
iMKaum "Trc-ie*
Fireman'sK(ll6o — |5nn. ...... 25 50
. . COXMICBCUt. HiNK •TO"Kl ,
*merp*TC. - — 1 London A. 123 »4 —
Anjrlo-Cal. , - 58 london&sF. — 273,4
Bank of Oil. .225 - 235 iMerch Ex.. 13 —
Cal b LiJiTCo 107^1 10 Nevada...... — i .—
PlrBtN«..iouL - lbO |sain«r BOa. - .—
• '■-, fAVISn* • «NX VnvW . __
nerßAtXo.l2oo 1260 isavA Loan. _"- 10'J
Hum»SAL.IIOO 1450 »«*urUy.... 200 27&
Mutual -■■ — 40 Uniou Trust. 76d - —
bibav Union — 480 |
BTBKvfT RtlLßOtl>wi-(l
California... .lo6*^loB 1 Oak SLA Hay — 100
Geary-su — SO Presidio 8 —
Muxitet-su... 42 43 Sutter-st — —
JO.\ ~KK STIHKI
Atlantic n. 19 — « mm Con. 1634 ISVa
Eastern D... 70 — Judson U.... — —
Caiitornia.... 60 — Iviiorit... - 90c
• , MIM'KI.I.ANKOUS STOCK!
Ataoca Pier*. 94% 97y,*Nat yin Co _ _
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo — 20
Cal Cot MUU — — PatAuxPA I —
Edigou Li(rhillsB4llsT /B ,iaci.oraxCa 98 100
Gascon Assn. — — I Pac Roll Mill — —
GerLeadCo. 80 100 Far! PalntCo 6% 7V.
HawC&SCo.. 13*4 1. &fe PacTr nsCo. — 24
nutchSPCo 19% — PacTiTCo. 70 —
Assn. 100 110 Sunset Ttfct. 41. -
JdKiecLlghC — 4V 3 United Co. — 25
J 6AUB-X011.U.11 »utlJ{
Board—
10 8 Gaslignt 90 25
3SVWater J)6 75
Mr«»P! —
100 Alaska Packers' Association 95 00
95000 For A .bonds....; 93 00
BALK3— A>TItajCOO-<( dJCaJIO*.
Board—
6 Edison Lltthtdt Power Co 115 62Vi
10 do do 115 75
60 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 19 37J£
100 do d 0.530 19 S7V7I
10 Market-st Railway 42 60
20 8 F Gaslight... CO 25
17 SV Water 9b 75
Street —
95000 Cal Horn Cable Bonds 109 00
100 Hutchinson * P Co. 19 50
7 » V Water..; »6 50
Old- Fashioned Clerical Jokes.
Few things impressed me more, as a
boy, than the singular notion the wooden
theologians departed had of what was a
joke and an incisive saying. The word
was generally pronounced as though
spelled iu-issive. "D;d you hear," said
one of them to myself, being a youthful
parson, "of the tremendous hit that
Dr. tfahoo gave to Holofernes Mac-
Pusher? He said to Holofernes, 'Are
not you the minister of St. Silas
Fixings?' 'Yes ' 'And your brother of
St. Ananias?' 'Yes.' 'And your father of
St. Sapphira? 1 'Yes. 1 ' 'And your uncle of
Glenstaggers?' 'Yes.' 'And your cousin of
Benstodgie?' 'Yes.' Then Dr. Bahoo pro
ceeded. 1 'I hope you may have as many
friends in the church above as you have in
the church below. 1 It was very cutting
and wonderfully witty." Then my in
formant uttered a loud guffaw, repeatedly
exclaiming 'Ha! ha!" or words to that
effect.
I listened in silence, but songht to put
on an expression of due appreciation of 1
humorous sally. For if I had uttered my
real feeling, which was that here was a
very kind and good wish for Kolofernes,
but that 1 could not for my life see any
thing; either jocular or cutting in the
words used, I should . have made an
assured enemy.— Longman's Magazine.
» ♦ — «
Bicycles are creating a {rood deal of new
law in Great Britain. In England they
have been declared to be vehicles. la
Scotland, in a case to recover insurance
for death due to a bicycle accident, they
have been declared 10 be not vehicles, the
Judge declaring that they could be no
more considered such than states.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
September, 1896
in. Mo. Tu. \V. Th. Fr.lSa. Moon's Phases
1 3 3 4 6|A New Moon .
_\£/ Sepu 7.
0 7 8 9 10 111 12 /-S\Flrs Qunrte:
;_ Vi/ Sept. 13.
13 14 15 16 17 18 19 L^ Full Moon
' _ 1 |v£/ Sept. 21
20 21 22 23 |24| 25 26 —
— bept 29.
27 28 29 'SO I '
OCEAN STEAMERS
Date* of Departure From San Francisco.
\ STKAMKB. DKSTINATIOV. | SAILS. • |
kur»?ka i>ewport ... !^«p;l6. Ukit |
City Puebla Vic&PgtSnd Sept Ib, 9am
Iruclcee:.. i oos Bay Sep. lß, "^pm
Aaiueda Sydney Septl7, 2ph
Empire..... Urecon pores . SeptlS. bpu
P0m0na..... Humboldtßay .Septlß, Yru
| ban 01 ........ (■frays arbor S*»Dtlß.l2 v
I Newport... Panama.. Septl&la *
Santa Kosa. San i)leeo Septl&llAM
! Arag0....... Coos 8ay...... ><.-i>(.lH.lUau
I Stale oi Cal. Portland .. Sept'2U.lUAU
! We«ott Kel Kiver s-ept'^O. Bas>
I Coos 8ay.... Newport Sepi2(». Bam
Walla Walla Vie <Jt P«t Sna Sept 2 1. 9am
Arcaca Oreßon ports .. sept.l,]OAH
City Peking China A Japan Sf'pt'2l, 3pm:
Corona s«n Dieso .Scpi2"J,lla •
Australia... H0n01u1u...... 10am
A.Blanchrt] Oregon ports.. Sep 22, ftpn
Siarbuck.... lent America Sept'23,l2 m
>arailon Vaqulna Bay. Sept' 24, 11a.-
Colombia.. Portland .... Sept?6.HU v
I PIKR.
I'l-r ;i
Pier 9
Pier 8
Pier 7
PlerlJ
Pier J
Pier 3
l' M 8 3
Pier 11.
Pier 13
Pier 21
fieri*
Pier II
Pier a
Pie* 24
M. S 8
•mrU
Pier 7
Pier 13
PM S S
i'ier £
•!»." !l
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
-TKAHKH
I
t'BOlf
Dub
!
Empire Portland.. .">epi 16
£anta Kosa San Die-.'O - (sept IB
North Font Jl inn bold t Bay Sept 16
Ausiraia Honolulu . Sept 16
S:in Benito Tacoma ..Sept 16
Alcairaz Coos Bay Sept Its
A>axo Coos Bay ..Settle
Eva-tdaie Tacoma Sept 16
Pomona Humboldt Bay. Sept 17
State of Ca1.... Portland Kepi 17
Walla Walla... Victoria <£ Puget Sound ..Sept 17
Orizaba.. Mexico Sept 17
Coos 8ay....... Newport... sept 18
Weeott .'... Eel River Sep., 18
Arcata Portland Sept 18
Willamette Departure Bay Sept 19
Peter Jebsen... Nanaimo ..Sep:2u
Allceßlanchard Oregon ports Sept VO
Corona. -an Diego >e.t 20
Wellington. . Departure Bay Sept 20
Crescent City... Crescent City sept 21
Mackinaw...... Tacoma Sept 31
Karallou. Yaquina Bay Sept 22
Kure«H. Newport.... Sept 22
Uiuatllla... Vtc.orla & Puget Sound ..Sept 22
Columbia. ; Portland >-ept 2-'
Doric Cltinaand Japan ..Sect 22
City Sydney.... Panama Sept 22
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
V. 8. Coast and Okodktic Sobvict Tide}
Bni.II!TIS PXTBI.ISHKD BT OFFICIAL ->
ACTHORITY OF THE SUPKBIXTK - I>KVT. )
Wednesday. September 18.
Sun rises 5.53 Moon rises
San sets... °...tS.lb|Moon sets 0.23 am
September— lB96.
SJL W H W IL W |H W
161 1.86 0.0 ».o.
17 '2.52 00 9.44
18 3.-.0 • 0 1 10.19
19 4.00 0.8 .0.48
20 4.!<4 0.6 1 1.13
21 5.15 1.0 11.40
22 641 1.5 112.031 12.03
T7I OF
6.1 .49
5.3 3.42
6.5 4..'5 .
5.5 6.06
b.5 6.44
5.4 6.14 1
3.6, i. -4 D.b
8.4 5.30 6 7
2.8 9'iS 5.7
5i.4| 10.24 6.6
1.9 11.1* 5.4
1.6 11.56 6.2
1.3
Notk— ln the aoove exposition of the (Ides the
•arly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and Hie successive tides of the day in tlis
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column nlves the second tide of the day. the thlrt
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when tnere are but three tides, as sometimes
»ccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
churls, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
bright, and then the number gtveals subtractir*
from the depth given by the ch«r;»-
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hvdkooraphic Office, U. 8. N., *)
Merchants' Exchange V
Sax Francisco, September lb. 1898. )
The time bull on Telegraoh Hill was droppel
exactly at noon to-day— L c.. at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. jr., Greenwich time.
. A. F. Fechtklkb,
Lteutenan* U. S. N. la charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
, Arrived.
TUESDAY, September 15.
U S stmr Monterey, Ludlow, 4 days from Port
Angeles.
; stnir Protection, Ellefsen, 23 hours from Usal:
300 . ds baric, to I S Kin. ball. I
■ Br stmr Progressist, Pinkbam, 87 hours from
i Departure Bay; 3525 tons coal to R Dunsmuir &
CO. i • • ■
Stmr Truckee, Thomas. 44 hours from Coos
Bay: pass and mdse. to J D Hpreckcls & Bros Co.
fchr Viking. Peterson, 7 days from Columbia
R.ver: -00 M ft lumber, to Humboldt Lumber Co
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart, 40 hours irons Bowens
Lundir.e: bark, .o Bender i ros.
- Schr Bender Brothers, Wotzel, 30 hours from
Hearns Landine; wooi, to Bender Bros.
schr Nettle Sundborg, ■■ Johnson, 6 days from
Cape Han Mart n via Point 15ur05 hours; 90 cords
bark, to Hey man & Mayer.
Cleared.
TUESDAY, September 16.
Stmr City of Puebla, Debncy, Victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodall, Perkins <fc Co. - ,
Mmr Eureka. Jepsen, ban Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins i Co.
Nor «tmr ?*t Andrew. Frl void. St Vincent; Bal
four, Guilirle<fe Co .
Br ship Ecclefechan.'Hlnd, Queenstown: Geo \V
McNear.
Br ship Afghanistan, Cralgee, Liverpoo ; Bal
four, (iuthrle »fe Co. •
• Br sh p Brenda, Tulloch, Queenstown; Epplnger
& Co.
Br bark Invergarry, Crombie, Queenstown; Bai
fonr. Gathrie & Co. ;
.Bailed.
TUESDAY, September 15.
. Stmr Weeott. Whitney, Eel River.
\ Stmr Geo Loomls. Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, Caspar.;
Stmr Albion. Lundqulst. N.-edle Rock.
Stmr Columbia, Holies, Astoria.
Stmr Farailon. Roberts, Yaqulna Bay.
• Stmr Del None. otockfieth, Grays Harbor.
.h^imr^ipH ■. ».e-,aml. **an*.a Cruz.
Stmr Tillamook. Hansen.
Jir snip -.chtia3hie. Pasttull, Hull.
Schr Oceania Vance. Manson.- Eureka.
fcclir Nettie Low. Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Ivy, Holland.
Charters.
The schr Fred E Sander loud* lumber at Port
Blakel.\v for Yokohama: Hr bark .Natunn, salmon
at Victoria or Liverpool or London: Br ship Troop
sugar a Ho o v v for New Yor-c 95 75.
Wheat charters prior to arrival are the Br smr
Evandale. St. Vincent, it>i 3d; Br ship Merioneth
Europe. 28s. «'
Telegrraphlc.
POINT' LOBOS. Sent. 15— p. 11.— Weather
clear: wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
Spoken.
Sept 7— Lat 37 N, long 15 W, Nor bark Nordly
set, from Glasgow, for >an Francisco. ■
Domestic Forts.
EUREKA— Ral'ed Sept 16— sour Bertha Dol
beer. fo san Pedro.
TACOMA— sailed Sept 16— Bktn C P Crocker
for Port Pin-. "-rocicer,
tatoosh— Passed Sept 16-Brshlp Drumcllff
from Port Los Auge.es. - ' '
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Sent 15— Stmr National
ALBION-Sailed Sept 16-Stmr Scotia, for San
Francisco
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 15-Schr CT
Hill, hence Aug 27.
CASPAR— Sept 15— Schr Maxim, hence
Sept 12.
COOS BAY-Sailed Sept 15-Stmr Arago, for
San Francisco.
TACOMA-salled Sept 15— bark Wlndsorant
for Guayaquil.
11 UR . A Jf B "ARBOR- Arrived iept 14— Schr Ottll-
Ile fjord, hence Aug 24
Au VS so R1A ~ Arrlvea Sept 15 - Bktn Ar »B°. bee
FnTnciaco* 131 15 s ' mr State of California, for San
Se^t'l4 XXA ~ ArrlVe<l Sept 15 - 3tmr Pomona, bee
Cisco! 6 * 1 SePt 15 ~ Btmr No «*» Fork, for San Fran-
Foreign Ports.
Stre^flT-rKfanc^o U " Br ™» -Arctic
Strea n, for -an Francisco
couver A ° g *~ Haw bark Rosalia, from Van-
Ma'r < arei iAMA S * lled B*Pt8 * Pt ÜBrU Br 8hl P Qaeen
he"c U e L Ted 13 - Bf Bhl E..e,:nere.
SYDNEY-Arrlved Sept 12-Br bark Alexan-
SSKSS/JKl l^ 13 -B-^"Dru^b^
Su^y > . I fo 3 r C < a.U G 0 : 6 ' aUed 6ept IS -Haw br. Foobn,
Arrived Sept 13— Br stmr Coptic, hence aib "«
ENSENADA^SaIIea Sept 15-stmr OHztba, for
San Francisco. '
FA LMOUTH— Arrived Sept 14- Br bark Princl
pallt/, from Oregon.
Movements of Trans-Atlantic Steamer*
NEW YORK-Arrived Sept 15— =tmr Western
land, from Antwerp: stmr State of Nebraska frrn
Glasgow; stmr Mansach 'setts, from London.
Sailed Sept 15— Stmr Ser via, tor Liverpool- stm
Trnvf. for Bremen.
BREMENHAVEN— Arrived out Sept 14-Stmr
Baal*
GLASGOW— Arrived oat Sept 14— 8tmr State of
California.
SCILLY— Sept 15-3;rar Havel, from
New York, for Bremen.
Importation*.
COOS BAY— Per Tmckee-450 tons coal. 2 cs
wine. » pkgs express. 2 iklls hides. 2 sks woo', 3
tubs 48 ij-x.i butter, 9 cs cheese.
Consignees.
Per Truckee— J D Spreckels * Bros Co: Cillfor
nia Wine Hills Bros; Wellman. Peck & Co •
Milmer. Bred off <S schulz: Wells, Far,'o A Co- H
H Sattler A Co: Marshall, Teggart <fc Co; Hulme 4
Hart: Standard Oil Co.
For Lots. Shipping IntrtUaence Sea Fifteenth Pnnr.
I OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP coipoi
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM A*
Broadway wkarf, San Francisco, .£&£%£
I follows: * •
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Juneau, Kll-
; lisnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 A. m., Sept. 11, 38.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
sen.-l, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
! New W aicom (Bellincrham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. H.
! Sept. 1, 6, 11. 16. 21, 26, and every fifth day there
i after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. p. K.
j R., atTa<-oma with N. P. R. [;., at Seattle with U.
: N. Hy., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For lureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bay) sir. Pomona 2p. m., Sept. St. 6, 10, 14,
18. 1*2, -6. 80. and every fourth day thereafter.
For s~«ma Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoa,
Port Hariurd (San 1 uls Oblspo), viola, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
B-pt. 4, 8.12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), :-anta Barbara, Port Los An-
felts, itedoi do (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
A. M. Sept. 2. 6, 10, 14, 18. 22, 26, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter. .'.
For i- nsc'iiiia, Kan Jon e del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. m. 26th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
Street. '
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agenu,
._ 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THEO. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAIST ID
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
rAPF 1 l iial '' lMt " oIMI \ deluding
£ It JLi \9,\ Second-class /berth A meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
j Columbia..... ......Sept. 15, 25. Oct. 5, 15
) State of California Sept. 20, 30, Oct. 10, 20
Through tickets and through bazga;e to all
Eastern points. Rates and foiders upon appica-
lion to
P. F. CONNOR. Gene al Agent.
GOODALL, PERKINS A 630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Superintendent*
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, &_. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, \\ >y
AUSTRALIA. %Js.S, AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AL.ulr.ii, sails Via HONOLULU* a.id
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, September
17. at 2 p. m. . .
S.S. AC TRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. September 22. a 10 a.m. Special party rates.
LInetoCOULOARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN.
! South Africa.
J D. SPRECKELS A BROS. Co., Agents.
11 . Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market su. San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRMSATLUTIQCB
Frencli "Lin"* t-> Harr^.
riOMPANYrsPIER(NEW).42NORTa &*n
\J River, foot of Morton SL Traveler* by /CT|<T,M
this line avoid both transit oy English railway rial
the discomfort of crossing the channel ia a sanl
boat. New Yor* to Alexandria, Egypt, vu r*eiA.
£rst-ciaassl6o: second-clans, 411 a,
LA fcJAsCoG^E Sept. 26. 3 a. it
LA BRETAGNE Oct. 3.7 a.m.
LACtI MPAGNE Oct. 10. 3 a it
i 1-irKX'N , Oct. 17. 6 a.m.
LA BOXJRGOGNE. 1 c- 24, 1 p. it.
jK3r or further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. P. FUGAZI & CO., Agentd, 5 Montgomery
avenne, San Francisco. ■
WHiTE STAR LWE.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
:*:,,\ ■'■':■•■ bktwekn '
New York, Queenstown &Llv=rpool,
SAIUN.. : KVEitlf \VEEiv.
ABIS, |6O AND UPWARD, ACCORD- >>•««.
I \J ins: to steamer and accommodations mafiß
I selected; second cabin, $ ..iandX4 0; Majv.»tio
an I Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
1 Balling ' dates and cabin plans may bo procured
i from W. H. A VERY, Paciflc Mall Dock, or at the
I General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER.
General Agent tor Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAS PACKET (MPAST.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL fV*HU
fortnightly for the West Indies and 'tS&Ei
Southampton, calling en route at C-'rbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mall S. 3. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $ 195; third
class, $97 50 For further particulars apply to
• PARKOTT & CO., Agents.
aOfl <' ■l-'r.rniant.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At U I*. 31, Daily. freight, received up
to :;{.» F. A.
£9" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
Ihe only line making through rates on Valley
Road freight. STKAMEKS:
STKAMEKs:
T. C. Walker, J. I>. Peter»
Alary Garratt. City of Stockton.
'leiepLioue .Main 805. . C'au Nay. aud ltnuu Ca
U.S.SATYYARD. MARE ISLAND, YALLEJO,
•Beairia, *P»rl l'o<ia, *(nr,knt and *Valoiw.
STR. ' BIONTICKLLO,
Dally 10:30 a. M., 4:011 p.m. (Saturdays ••10:30
*. it), ,i:3O m. Sundays Bp. M. on- . Offices
Btid landing. Pier 2, Mission st. Telephone Black
•261. HATCH BROS.
• 4 and 8 p. k. trips only.
*♦ Kxcurslon trip. Gives 5 hours at Navy-yard.
FOR SA!UO<E, I OS GATOS & SASTA CRUZ
STKAMER ALVISO LKAVK^ PI K 1 DAILT
a; 10a v. (Sundays ex.-epted); Alviso daily at
7P. m (Saturflays ex-epted). Freight and , Pas-
senger, 1 are between Wan Francisco and Alviso
60c-. to 8»n Jose, 75c. Clay st., Pier 1. 20 w'
bant a Clara St., sjlu Jose.
. -. \. .^-. — ■Interesting News Items From Alameda County.
MOVES BACK INTO
HER LOST HOME
Unhappy Mrs. Fritze Defies
the Law and the
Sheriff.
MAKES A DIRE THREAT
Vainly Imagines That She Will
Be Allowed to Remain in
Possession.
LIFE OF MANY HARDSHIPS.
Moch Bitterness Without a Single
Ray of Brightness to Cheer
Her Existence.
Oaklakd Office Sak Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 15. I
"If Dameron wants to get me out lie will
have to kill me first," said Mrs. Fritze,
who resides on the corner of Rose and
Grant streets in Berkeley, to-day.
Mrs. Fritze had just done what the
Sheriff had undone when she made the re
mark. On Saturday Marshal Lloyd, armed
with a warrant from the court, was re
quired to evict the wretched little woman.
He went to the house and carried her
Fcant belongings out on the sidewalk, or
rather on the side of the road, for there is
no sidewalk there.
Mrs. Fritze submitted meekly and did
not offer any resistance. She is physically
weak and unable to do any hard work, and
beyond civing an opinion she did nothing
till the Marshal had finished his unpleas
ant task.
But after thinking the matter over Mrs.
Fritze decided that the lock placed on the
door should not keep her out, and tnat she
would go back.
Yesterday she carried out her idea and
moved all of her things Oack, and nor* she
declares that she will hold the fort against
all comers. Mrs. Fritze claims that the
property belongs to Attorney Livingston
of San Francisco, and that he had given
her right of possession. She was put in,
so she says, as a sort of keeper. She found
the property, which consisted of five lots,
in a bad condition, and at once began to
improve it. She cleared ana cultivated
the land, and later secured a couple of
cows. The place did not then afford a liv
ing, and Mrs. Fritze began peddling about
the district. Recently the title of the
property was setiled in court, and the
owner had the old-time tenant removed.
The old lady is well known und lias had
more than her share of trouble in her life.
One time she was comparatively wealthy,
but she was swindled out of every cent,
she says, by the man she married after
coming to San Francisco. Friize got pos
session of her little fortune and then de
terted i er.
The writ of ejection was obtained by J.
P. Dameron, who is now the owner of the
property. The deserted little woman
probably does not mean to carry out her
threat, but she is evidently determined
not to finally leave without a fight.
REPUBLICANS ARE ASTIR.
Two Tickets for the Primaries
Set Afloat in Berke
ley.
Freshmen Elect Offices After a Hot
Contest — Co-eds Called to Account
for Rushing.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 15.— Two
Ucketß for the Republican county conven
tion nave been set afloat in Berkeley. The
"McKinley" ticket has come out openly
in favor of Fred S. Stratton for State
Senator, while the "Republican"' has in-
WILLIAM E. SAUER of Berkeley, Who Was Elected President of
the Freshman Class of the State University Yesterday.
dorsed no one as yet. It is generally un
derstood that Dr. Derrick will be indorsed
by the latter ticket, though it was decided
10 name their ticket the "Hill Ticket." in
bonarof William Lair Hill of Berkeley,
who is up lor the position of Superior
Jud^e.
The Stratton ticket has for its candi
dates for delegates to the county conven
tion : Harry J. Squires, John Finn, Frank
M. Wilson, Joseph McClain, J. M. Oliver.
Howard E. Wright, T. P. Graber, EL 1L
Waterbury. Robert Easton, Jobn K.
Stewart, Whitney Pal.-iche, Ansoa S.
Blake, Harry L. Waste, Wellirißton Greet:,
D. S. Adams, J. H. Bennett, Joseph
Stapleton, H. O. Irwin, Thomas Dowd. J.
F. Teaßue, C. R. Brown, George Phillips.
The "Hill" ticket is made up of the
following: C. R. Lord, H. T. Hopch, M.
P. Geirnne, E. V. Gove, Thomas Wilson,
C. T. Gladdinj-, 8. W. Lauder, Joseph
Stapleton, Ralph Marshal. Chester
Smythe, George Parker, J. C. Sherratt, N.
W. Mailory, LouisGottslial!. Hugh Forgie,
Walter Heywood. B. Redmond, Thomas
Stevenson, G. P. Reinhart, James Carpen
ter, James D. Ray, Charles A, Gregory.
A big rally of Republicans was held this
evening in the banquet-hall of the Shat
tuck building, at which arrangements for
Saturday's primaries were made.
Town Trustees Meet.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 15.— The Town
Trustees last nieht adopted the draft of a
new license ordinance, drawn in accord
ance with the petition recently presented
by the Merchants' Protectiye Association.
The new law is designed to protect
Berkeley merchants from the competition
of Oakland and San Francisco firms which
send wagons to solicit and 'deliver orders
in Berkeley. No figures have yet been de
cided upon, but it is understood that not
less than $125 per quarter will be charged.
The ordinance will prooably be passed to
print at the next meeting.
A new ordinance was passed to print
making it a misdemeanor for property
owners to allow weeds to prow on the side
walks in front of their property.
A number of protests against macadam
izing certain streets of tne town were en
tered.
Freshmen Elect Officers.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 15.— Tha fresh
man class at the State University held a
wildly enthusiastic and hotly contested
election of class officers to-day, which re
sulted in the election of William E. Saver
of Berkeley as president; Robert Collins
of San Francisco, first vice-president;
Miss Alice Rooney of San Francisco, sec
ond vice-president; Warren Davis of Be!
-mont, secretary, and \V. K. White of San
Francisco, treasurer. Baner received 15^
votes, as against 109 received by Nichols.
Saver is 19 years of age and has lived in
Berkeley all his life. His election to the
office is considered a great victory by tLe
Berkeley contingent. The election was
held at the regular polling place, at North
Hall, from 9 o'clock this morninc until 5
o'clock this afternoon. A feature of the
contest was the lobbying and button
holing, which was carried on to a remark
able extent. The election of Saver to the
presidency resulted in a celebration which
took place in his honor this evening.
"Hushing" Co-eds Discussed-
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 15.— The co
eds of the State University held a meeting
at noon to-day to discuss the question of
passing resolutions condemnin g the young
women students who participated in the
freshman-sophomore "rush" last week. A
j set of resolutions was presented by Miss
i Grace Crabb and Miss Grace Dibble, in
which the action of their sieter co-eds was
strongly condemned.
A hot discussion was precipitated upon
tue reading of the resolutions. Some of
the co-eds thought that they were too se
vere, while others declared that they we r e
not scathing enouph. They talked back
and forth on the subject for half an hour
or more without reaching a decision, when
finally the document was laid on the ta
ble, with the sentiment prevailing that it
should have just a little more red pepper
put into it.
Flenty of Big Men.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 15.— The Uni
versity of California has some unusua!'y
large men in the freshman ciass. Profes
sor Magee of the department of physical
j culture has just completed a report on the
physical measurements of the male
students in the class of "00," which showa
an extraordinary average. The professor
has measured 260 men and says that they
' are, on the whole, taller and heavier than
i the men of preceding classes.
There are iv the class eighteen men
j over six feet in height, the tallest being
6 feet 3 inches. The average weight,
stripped, is 153.6 pounds. Fourteen men
in the clasi weigh over 170, the average oi
the fourteen being 178; average height,
I 5 feet 10}4 inches. The average age of the
{ members of the class is 19 years and 6
months.
Xo More Sashes.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 15.- A com
munication from President Kellogg was
read yesterday afternoon at the freshman
class meeting ordering that backstop
rushes be refrained from in the future.
This edict is looked upon as a forerunner
of an injunction which will cutoff rush
ing of every sort.
This belief is supported by the fact that
a large number of the faculty have taken
a firm stand against this system of sport
among the students. At a recent meeting
of the heads of departments the subject
of rushing came up for discussion and
not a single professor apoke in favor of the
sport, but, on the other band, condemned
it as unbecoming to college men.
Turned From His Old Party.
BERKELEY. Cal., Sept. 15.— Berkeley
has added another prominent man to the
list of those who have turned from the
paths of Democracy and are now carrvine
the banner of Republicanism. Attorney
W. H. Waste, who has voted the Demo
cratic ticket, says that he can neither sun
port Bryan nor the Chicago platform, and
consequently will cast his bailot for Mc-
Kinley.
John W. Flood's Case.
The motion to. dismiss the remaining charges
against John W. Flood, the imprisoned cashier
of Donohoo.Kelly <tCo.. will be heard in Judge
Wallace's court on Friday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1896.
PENSION MONEY
BROUGHT HARMONY
Lieutenant Meehan and His
Wife Agree to a Re
conciliation.
HAPPY END TO STRIFE.
Two Pretty Children Helped
Largely to Bring About
the Result.
AIL LITIGATION CALLED OFF.
Keeping House Alone Is but a Poor
Apology for Wife and
Family.
Oaklanp Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 1». f
Lieutenant Meehan and his wife are
united. With his pension came a recon-
LIEUTENANT MEEHAN and His Wife, Who Have Decided
That a Happy Home Life With Their Children Is More De
sirable Than a Solitary Existence Without Their Little Ones*
ciliation and it is understood that all the
litigation instituted between them will be
dropped.
The announcement that the lieutenant
and his attractive wife, who is much
youneer than he, are once more living in
harmony under the same roof will cause
great surprise among their numerous ac
quaintances. According to the old vet
eran's story the last pension money was
tne cause of the trouble and the Govern
ment remittance received yesterday was
the cause of the reconciliation.
To a reporter a few weeks ago Lieuten
ant Meehan credited an actor with being
the cause of his troubles, but he now ad
mits that be was wrong. Many unpleas
ant things were said on both sides, but
there were two pretty little children to be
considered, and both father and mother
were anxious to be appointed their guar
dians.
Since his wife went away Lieutenant
Meehau engaged a housekeeper, but all
did not go smoothly and both were ar
rested a few days ago and charged with
disturbing the peace of the landlord.
Mrs. Prescott. secretary of the Children's
Society, also put in a claim to be the lit
tle ones' guardian, and as husband n.nd
wife made so many counter-charges her
petition would probably have been
granted. This did not suit either Lieu
tenant or Mrs. Meehan and so helped to
unite them.
Yesterday Lieutenant Meehan received
his regular pension of $72 50 a quarter, as
he is fully disabled and is a cripple con
fined to a wheel-chair. Soon after the
money arrived Mrs. Meeban put in an ap
pearance. They shared the money and
agreed to again share their joys and sor
rows.
A little later they went to West Oakland
to rent a cottage, where they intend to
live happily and at peace henceforth.
Their little ones have rejoined them, and
they are rejoicing even more than their
parents over the reconciliation. All the
cases now in court will be withdrawn,
and, profiting by the experience of the
past few months, the lieutenant and his
wife will try to forget that they ever disa
greed.
POLITICAL ECHOES.
Condensed Report of the Progress of
the Campaign In A lame da
County.
. Oakland Office Sam Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, Sept. 15. ]
Saturday will be one of the busiest days,
politically, in the history of the county.
The Populists and Democrats will hold
their county conventions, the Republicans
will hold their primaries, and the new
Republican Wigwam at Mount Eden will
be dedicated with oratory and a grand ball.
The Alameda Republican Club met last
evening and selected a full list of delegates
to the County Convention, to be voted for
at the coming primary. -
At the Army and Navy League head
quarters, 474 Eighth street, the Hon. Giles
M. Gray will address the meeting upon
"Protection and Reciprocity" next Thurs
day evening at 8 o'clock. The public is
invited. Seats, for ladies. Ail honorary
members are expected to be present.
A special meeting of the Women's" Re
publican Club will beheld Thursday even
ing to complete arrangements- for the re
ception to be tendered to Congressman
Hilborn In the Army and Navy League
headquarters.
The McKinley Club of Golden Gate is ar
ranging a mass-meeting to be. held next
Thursday evening, at which several able
speakers will be present to talk on cam
paign issues. . . ;
Thursday evening a Bryan Free Silver,
Club will be organized at 867 Wood street
under the auspices of the California State
Silver Campaign Committee.
James Andrew and C. F. Keller, the so
cialist leaders of Oakland, have pone into
the interior counties to lecture for their
party and incidentally start the campaign
of John M. Eustis, the socialist nominee
for Congressman.
The new weekly journal, "16 to 1," made
its appearance to-day. It is a neat sheet
of fourpajres and is full of weighty .argu
ments on the silver question. Wasson <fc
Elmundsonare the publishers and the
sheet does them credit.
The Central Democratic Club of Ala- I
meda will choose fifteen delegates to
morrow evening to attend the Democratic
County Convention to be held in Oakland
on the 19th inst.
A parlor meeting of the Political
Equality Club will be held at the residence
of Airs. I. N. Chapman, 2225 Pacific avenue,
Alameoa, Tuesday evening, Septembers
All are invited to attend.
The Bryan Silver Club of Alameda has !
arranged a programme for a series of public
meetings running throueh the month of i
October.
The Alameda auxiliary of the Equality
Club has not abandoned precinct work in
this city, but will consider it at the meet
ing on Friday. Members are requested to
pay their donations to the cam paign fund
treasurer, Mrs. W. M. Cubery.
So far as local candidates are concerned, !
this is not a pictorial campaign. Dr. Der
rick of Ean Oakland, who is anxious to
best F. 8. Stratton for Senator, is the only
one who has risked his pho to on his cam
paign cards thus far.
The number of Bryan campaign buttons
that was seen on the streets just after the
Chicago convention has decreased fully 56
per cent in this city.
The Democrats of this city have finally
mustered sufficient courage to arrange a
ratification meeting, and announce that
they will open the cam raisin in this
lou nty Saturday night with a flare of
trumpets, red tire and a union of silver
Republicans and Populistio forces at the
Exposition building. The arrangements
include a street parade and address. It is
to be in the form of a union rejoicing over
the naming of a fusion county ticket. The
speaker of the evening will be the Hon.
Stephen M. White, the Senator from the
southern part of the State.
Tho Men's Club of the First Free Baptist
Church, on Twenty-first street, between
San Pablo avenue and Brush street, have
arranged for a debate on the money ques
tion Friday evening. September 18, at 8
o'clock. "For the Free and Unlimited
Coinage of Silver," ex- Judge E. M. Gib
son ; Colonel John P. Irish will take the
gold side. As this is one of the very few
speeches Colonel Irish will make in Cali
fornia before going East to take the stump,
it is expected that a full house will be in
attendance.
SOUGHT RICHES IN DEATH
Suicide of a Bright Young Lad
Surrounded With Poverty
and Misery.
Fred Mauerhan B3 ieved That the
Future Would Recompense for
Present Hardships.
Oakland Office San Francisco Cali,,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 15. J
Fred Mauerhan, a lad 16 years old, shot
himself to-night because he feared he
would always be poor. Mauerhan was a
very industrious boy ami delivered milk
for Joseph Yaeger of Fruitvale. On sev
eral occasions recently he has told his em
ployer that If there were no prospects of a
man setting rich he had better be dead.
The lad lived, with John Baery on Upper
High street. He went over his route to
day twice, as usual, and when he returned
to-night he handed over his collections.
He tt.en went to the little room off the
parlor where he slept. He was absent a
long time when Baery heard a shot. On
Koinp to the parlor Baery saw Mauerhan
on the floor dead. The boy used to share
the bed with Baery and t' c latter kept a
pistol ueneath his pillow. Frert had taken
the pistol and shot himself in the head.
There was but one cartridge in the re
volver and its effect had been instantan
eous.
Mauerhan's mother lives at Frnitvale
and has three young children. She is
very r>oor and frequently the pangs of
hunger and poverty have been severely
felt. His father is a veteran and is crip
pled. He is an inmate of the Veterans'
Home at Napa.
Altogether Fred thought his lot too
hard, and seeing no brighter prospect
ahead he resolved to end it. When dis
cussing his circumstances ho frequently
said that in the future world those who
were poor i ere would be rich, and strong
in this hope ho lircd the fatal shot.
TRIED TO KEEP IT QUIET
Two Weil-Known Young Gen
tlemen Leave the Bach
elors' Realm.
A Crippe Makes a Fi?ht on Mongol- I
ians— A New Methcdist Pastor
/ Coming
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 15.— Two wed
dings took place to-day, one of which will
surprise the friends of the groom. During
the afternoon George W. Murphy, an em
ploye of C. H. Weaver, was united in !
marriage by Rev. W. W. Scudder to Miss
Emma Ames of San Bernardino, who
came to this city for the wrddinj;. The
happy couple left this morning for San
Francisco and will visit friends at Sacra
mento and Auburn before returning home.
On their arrival here they will go to house
keeping. The ceremony was performed
at the home of Mr. Weaver. Efforts were
made to keep the affair quiet, which suc
ceeded fairly well.
During the evening George A. Montell,
son of ex-City Assessor Montell, was
united in marriage to Miss Grace G. Smith
at the First Presbyterian Church. A large
number of the young people's friends were
present to wish them bon voyage.
Working for a Tote.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 15.— At a meet
ing of the Alameda Political Equality
Club, held in Foresters' Hall yesterday
afternoon, the following officers were
elected:
President, Mrs. C. L. Wood; first vice-presi
dent, Mrs. R YV. Hinchman; second vice-presi
dent, Mrs. De Witt Storey; recording secre
tary, Mrs. L N. Chapman; corresponding sec
retary, Mrs. Ada Paxon ; treasurer, Miss Clara
Bowen; auditor, Mrs. E. A. Smith.
The press committee consists of Miss |
Clara Bowen, Mrs. I. N. Chapman, Mrs.
McLaren and Mrs. Hasty.
On next Tuesday evening a rmrlor meet
ing will be held at the home of Mrs. 1. N.
Chapman.
Shakespeare's Plays.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 15.— The Shake- !
speare Club of the Unitarian church has j
arranged to present the "Twelfth Night" j
with the following cast:
Malvolio, Mr. Murdock; Sir Toby Belch, Mr.
Maurer; Sir Andrew Aguecheek. Mr. Wheeler:
Jester, Mr. Farrington; Olivia, Mrs. Van
Brunt; Maria, Mrs. Maurer.
The scene from "Merchant of Venice"
will be personated as follows:
Launcelot Gobbo, Mr. Maurer; Old Gobbo,
Mr. WMeler; Bassanio, Mr. Farrington.
The affair will be entirely invitational.
It will take place on the evenings of Octo
ber 2 and 3, in the church parlors.
Rev. Mr. Boyard Returns.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 15.— Rev. F. D.
Bovard has been returned by the Meth- j
odist conference to the First Church of i
this place. The Rev. C. E. Rich was as- ]
signed to the Santa Clara Avenue Church. !
The Rev. J. Martin, who occupied that |
church last year and apDlied for Hay
wards, was sent to Berryessa in the San
Francisco conference.
Accused of Desertion.
ALAMEDA, Oal., Sept. 15.— Mrs. Mary i
Truesdell has caused the arrest of her hus- I
band, Frank Truesdell, for failing to sup- j
port his four minor children and herself. |
She says he squanders at billiards aiy
money he makes, instead of caring for
them. She says that he has deserted her. !
• — •— .
DON'T WANT TO FUSE.
Unavailing: Attempt of the Committee
to Hold a Meeting.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 15.— The Demo
cratic and Populist fusion committee have
tried for two nights to hold a conference, j
but in vain. Last night and to-night at- ,
tempts have been made to get a quorum,
but a sufficient camber did not appear on
either occasion.
Although an attempt is being made to
make it appear that the fusion project is
entirely satisfactory and harmonious to
both parties, such is fur from being the
case. The rank and file of the Populists
are opposed to fusion, and there is mucn
dissension. A month ago tho attendances i
at the fusion conferences were so numer- i
ous that all could not find place in
the meeting-room. Latterly the members '
and interest have decreased, and there are
not enough of the conference committees
available to make a quorum. They will i
try it again to-morrow night.
NEW QUARTERS.
The Postofflce May Be Moved Into the
Albany Hotel Block When the
Present Le»«e Expires. .
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 15.— The lease of
the building in which the postoffice is now
located will expire with this month, and
negotiations are now under way for other
quarters. Of four bids received the most
accessible and best fitted ion tne purposa
is that of the offer of the protmd floor of
the Albany Hotel building, at Broadway
and Fifteenth street.
The building is of brick and the rooms
offered are on the corner, and two blocks
nearer the business part of the city. It
will make the best rooms for the purpose
that the local office has ever had.
"Wild Girl" Missing.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept 15.— Little
Bessie, "the wild girl of the hills," can
not be found, and the search for her
parents is now suspended while efforts are
being made to locate her whereabouts. The
stories of cruel treatment received at the
hands of Jean Fortier are increasing.
Besides being forced to be out in all
kinds of weather on the Contra Costa hills,
Abe neighbors say she was shamefully
beaten by the old man and his two daugh
ters.
Successful Conference.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 15.— The con
ference which has been held the past two
days at the Tenth-avenue Baptist Church
closed to-night. It was very successful in
arousing a new interest in revival work
and in showing church workers the need
cf such wort. The closing address was
by President f. G. Bronson of California
College on "Some Fruits of Such a Re
vival, in which be portrayed in a mas
terly way the harvest of real Christian
personal work in saving souls of sinners.
Eighth-Street Bridge.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept 15.— The inten
tion of the City Council in placing $15,000 in
the tax levy for work on the Eighth-street
bridge "is to build two "V" bulkheads.oneat
either end of the bridge, leaving a channel
about 200 feet wide between. Back of these
will be filled in with earth, and when this
becomes settled an iron bridge will be
erected across the channel.
Vereln Concert and Ball.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 15.— Tbe singing
section of the Oakland Verein Eintracht
will give its annual concert and ball Sun
day evening, Soptember 20, at Germania
Hall, under the direction of Professor H.
Kaebler, assisted by the German singing
societies of Oakland and San Francisco.
A Small Fire.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 15.— Fire broke
out to-night in the upper story of the
house occupied by Dr. Myra Knox, the
lady member of the Board "of Education.
Before it was, extinguished the roof was
badly burned'and the damage by fire and
water will probably reach $500.
A Teacher's Death.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 15.— Miss Susan
N. Jewett, for many years an honored
teacher in the Blake Seminary and later of
the Oakland High School, died on Friday
Auction Sales
-•■.'-■■ • .'■■ :'•''■ '-':-.!- ■ ■ _ .' ■ ' ■ '
GEO..F. mm 410 KEARSY ST.,
WILL. SELL THIS DAY,
Wednesday. September 16, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. m.
THE ELEGANT FURNITURE IN RESIDENCE
926 SUTTER ST., -NEAR HYDE,
Comprising 3 Elegant Mantel Mirrors, French-
plate and handsome frames: 2 Fine Parlor Salts
in velours and silk plush; Lace curtains; Choice
Ornaments. 1 ic:urcs. Kcdy Brussels Carpels,
Fine Walnut } loo cusp and Secretary, Chiffonier,
2 Eight-day Clocks, Handsome Walnut Chamber
Suits. Mattresses. Bedding, Extension Table,
Sideboard, rilas3\vare, Crockery and Kitchen
Requisites, etc
: JW blue House to Rent.
GKO. F. LAMSON. Auctioneer.
at St. Helena. She had been a helpless in
valid the past ten years and was a great
sufferer.
Suffragist Rally.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 15.— The woman
suffragists v?ill hold their principal rally
and .'nass-nieetin ,- at tho Exposition build
ing Thursday evening. Tho addresses
w.li be by the Rev. Anna Shaw and Mrs.
Carrie Chapnian-Catt. The Rev. J. K.
McLean, D.D., honorary president of the
Alameda County Political Society, is
expected to preside.
BOXING AND WRESTLING,
Tom Tracey, the Australian, Ar
rived Yesterday From
New York.
Dan Creedon Will Fight Any Man,
Barring Fitzsimmcns and
Corbett.
Tom Tracey, the Australian fighter, who
whipped Billy Gallagher in this City some
years ago just after his arrival in this
country from Australia, made his long
expected appearance yesterday at Young
Mitchell's emporium of sport
Tracey journeyed from New York and
arrived on the overland train, which was
four hours late. John Morrissey, the
popular theatrical manager, will look after
Tracey's interests. Morrissey has secured
the services of that competent trainer,
Billy Delaney of Oakland, who will condi
tion Tracey for his contest with George
Green, which is slated for the evening of
the 30th inst at Woodward's Gardens
under the auspices of the Occidental Club.
Although Tracey is looking tolerably
well there is much room for improvement
in his condition. He contends that the
journey over the plains and mountains
did not benefit him at all, as he could not
sleep well en route. He is anxious for a
postponement of the contest until about
the 10th of October, so that be will have
no reason to offer an excuse for his defeat
in case Green should best him. But Green
will have something to say regarding a
postponement, and that matter will in all
probability be decided to-day. Young
Mitchell eacoried Tracey to a prominent
photograph gallery yesterday afternoon,
where an artist shot at the pugilist as the
latter was dressed in his best fighting
gear. A pood picture of the clever Aus
tralian is hoped for in a day or two.
Tra«y says that Dan Creedon has about
concluded to travel West, as the r>rospect3
of "pulling off" fights in New "York are
not as brilliant as the fancy of managers
of boxing clubs, notwithstanding that the
Horton bill is now in effect.
Creedon would like to mix fists with
Greggains, Jeffries, Van Buskirk or any of
the heavy-weights, barring Corbett and
Fitzaimmons.
The contest between Tracey and Green,
granting that the men will toe the scratch
in good condition, should prove to be as
good a race as the lovers of good sport
have seen in this City in many years.
Charley Turner, the colored pugilist of
Stockton, and Arthur Walker, the Aus
tralian, have been signed also by the Occi
dental Club. They will bow to the people
on the evening that Tracey and Green de
cide a little question of who is the better
man ; that is, pugllistically speaking, of
course.
The carnival committee has decided to
eive a boxing exhibition for the benefit of
the carnival some evening next month.
Young Mitchell is seriously thinking of
giving, as a preliminary to Billy Jordan's
"event of the evening," a high-kicking
match between two prominent French
men, who are said to be very conversant
with the great French game of la savate.
A contest of this kind would certainly
prove far mor.- interesting than a fistic
bout between two local duffers who know
not the first thing about the manly art.
The National Club telegraphed Corbett
yesterday that he must do business with
the club, as it has no agent in this City and
that if he is really sincere in his desire to
fipht Sharkey, it will give a purse of
$10,000 for a ten-round contest, or the same
amount for a finish fight
The Rio Athletic Club of Rio Vista will
give an entertainment on Saturday even
ing next, the programme for which has
already been published in The Call.
The sports of Los Gats will have an
opportunity of seeing some distinguished
fistic artists this evening, as an exnibition
will be held in the City of the Cats. The
event of the evening will be a four-round
bout between Professor Jack Davis of
Omaha and Professor Burgand, late of
New York. Some good, hara hitting
should certainly result.
The wrestlers, Butler of the Olympic
Club and Williamson of the Acme" Club,
have signed a contract to wrestle best two
out of three falls, catch-as-catch-can, in
the near future.
On Friday evening next the Davis- Platt
wresting match will be decided at the
Columbia Club, 1108 Golden Gate avenue.
The match is for the feather-weight cham
pionship and is exciting interest.
Sam Fitzpatrick, the manager of George
Layigne "the kid," writes from New York
to the sporting editor of The Call as fol
lows:
I tried hard to arrange a contest In Frisco,
but for some reason I can't find a man who is
willing to meet "the kid." I wonder what
i? the reason. I am negotiating for another
trip to England and if satisfactory arrange
ments can be made i will leave for there about
the middle of March next. I want a return
match with Burge if I can get it. In the mean
time I shall probably make a match witli Ever
hardt, to take place ttie latter part of next
month. I guess "the kid" won't experience
much trouble in "pushing his lace in" nil
right. I went to see Sullivan and Sharkey
spar and concluded that Sharkey was a pretty
strong fellow.
ITALIANS LEFT TO DIE
Tales of Barbaric and Fiendish
Cruelty in Abyssinian
Warfare.
Many in Agony Drownei Themselves.
Others Carried Miles by
Their Wives.
Dr. Thomas Fiaschi, just arrived at the
Palace Hotel from Africa, on his way
home to Sydney, Australia, tells the fol
lowing graphic story of the barbarous
cruelties practiced by the Abyssinians upon
hundreds of soldiers made captive at the
time of the overwhelming defeat of the
Italian army last March t>y the forces of
King Menelik. A surgeon of repute in
Australia for twenty years and an Italian
by birth, he hastened at once to Africa
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Auctioneers, 31 and 33 Satter Street.
Telephone— Main 5181.
AUCTION SALE OK 11ELIC VL TDBK
riIEJJUEB BICYCLES
TO-MORROW,
Thursday...... September 17, 1896,
At 12 o'clock if., in our Salesrooms,
We will sell, by Catalogue,
40 Ladles' and Gentlemen s Premiers,
The lightest of the high-grade wheels. Thß only
wheel having the U. S. Government test. Sold by
order of Col. J. M. Litchfleld, Trustee, to close con-
signment. Wheels now on exhibition.
KDWAKH S. SPEAR <ft CO.. Auctioneers.
upon the receipt of the news of the
slaughter of Italians at jflowa to reuder
surgical aid, and insiue of fourteen days
he performed 140 amputations upon
wounded and mutilated soldiers.
I found two groups of woundea soldiers in
Abyssinia, different from the type of gunshot
and cold-steel wounds familiar to military sur
geons in civilized warfare. The first group,
a large one, consisted of black soldiers in
the Italian service, who, having Deen made
prisoners by the forces of King Menelilr, had
the right hand and the left foot cut off; the
second, a mticn smaller number of cases, vu
formed chiefly of Italian soldiers who had sur
vived dastardly private mutilations. These
two forms of mutilation are characteristic of
an Abyssinian campaign.
It was a most impressive sight to see about
the Improvised infirmary all those fine, ath
letic-looking black young men, about 300 In
number, hopping smartly about on their right
foot, or sitting down on the turf, nursing their
bandaged stumps.
Oh. March 1, after the disastrous battle of
Abba Carima, these soldiers and hundreds of
others wero made prisoners. On the follow
ing day several of the high chiefs begged King
Menelik to have them mutilated, but here
fused. On March 3 a great court-martial was
held, and chiefs of tribes, Queen Taitu herself,
and the head of the Abyssinian clergy, pleaded
with the King to enforce the penalty of the
urusat— the removal of the neht hand and
the left foot.
King Menelik is a weak man, and he
yielded. The execution took place at once,
and not as usual by the hand of the execu
tioner, who has a certain skill from practice,
but by that of soldiers who went at it in an ad
ditionally cruel manner, using their swords
and wrenching the joints open. Fifteen hun
dred hardy young soldiers were so mutilated
at that time.
Now, when this mutilation Is adopted for the
punishment of theft the sufferer is allowed to
i>!ungo ais stumps into boiling butter to stop
tho bleeding; but with these prisoners this
was strictly forbidden, and once the mutila
tion wes completed they were freed and left to
themselves. As a result, many scon bled to
death. Many more crowded to a neighboring
torrent, where the Mohammedans, in despair
and intense suffering, drowned themselves in
a deep waterhole. Those that were able to
bandage themselves with portions of their
robe survived. For many days they lived on
grass and water. When the news reached the
Italian lines a great number of wives of the
mutilated, with the speed of leg peculiar to
these people, rushed to Adowa, ana many of
the survivors owe their lives to the fact that
for miles they were carried on the back by
their wives to the nearest Italian outpost— a
fine example of womanly devotion.
Of the 330 mutilated returned to the Italian
lines 189 of them had so far healed that an
amputation was not considered necessary.
There are yet mutilated Askari turning up at
the hospitals of Keren and Asmara every week,
but, all told, it is reckoned by good authorities
that out of the 1500 mutilated of Adowa there
cannot be more than 500 survivors. The re
maining 1000 bled to death or succumbed to
suffering and starvation.
COAL DISCOVERED
The Teln to Be Explored by the Sla
vonian Catholic Colony in Men
docino County.
Rev. Father Jeram, president and direc
tor of the Slavonian Catholic colony in
Eden Valley, Mendocino County, was in
the City yesterday. He reports that a
rich vein of coal was discovered by a party
of the colonists last Saturday and much
importance is attached to the discovery.
The vein will be explored and a quantity
of the coal mined and tested to determine
its real quality and usefulness as fuel.
Not long since copper was discovered on
the colony tract and further prospecting is
in progress.
There is a sawmill operated by the
colony, which turns out 12,000 feet of
lumber daily. Affairs in Eden Valley are
reported to be in a prosperous condition.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department ok Agbicul
tube, WKiTHBB Bureau, Sax .FRANCISCO, Sept.
15, 1896. 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast: . ■ .
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations In California to-day: .
Kureka 62, Ked Bluff 78, £an Francisco 68.
Fresno 86, San Luis Obispo 86. Los Angeles 88,
San Diego 78, Yum* 108. (
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 68,
minimum 59, mean 64.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the northern
half of the Pacific Slope during the past twenty*
tour hours. An area of hl^h pressure now over*
lies Oregon, Washington and Northern Idaho. ■ It
will probably move eastward slowly, accompanied
by fair weather. .
The temp«ratuie has risen along the southern
coast and has fallen from 6 to 14 degrees over
Idaho, Washington and Kastern < n-goi:.
. Bain has fallen generally over the northern half
of the Pacific Slope. •
The conditions are favorable for fair weather
over the entire Pacific Slope for tne next thirty
six hours, : ■ • -
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnisht, September 16, 1896:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
northwesterly winds. ■
Southern California— Fair Wednesday: fresh
westerly winds.
.Nevada— Fair Wednesday; warmer In extreme
northern portion.
Utah— Fair Wednesday; colder In northern por
tion. • . . .
.Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednesday;
fresh westerly wind.
A. U. McAdis. Local Forecast Official.
NEW TODAT.
Si J,F, CUTTER
pj EXTRA
y*% niri
ffou*«s UIU
11 Bourbon
m^AtWm * staple'
Pllsi family and'
i y -I medicinal
Lt^^Ai whiskey
5* extra -*<!? I for a
JL p^2 4; quarter-
• \v**4'/ ' * i c*f*n tn t\t - ■
Ns&sy century.
MIS 1 MARTIN
rfjgM 411 Market St.,
— - — — —" JTJjr^i *>«n Francisco.
/ rrr '^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/jftgE*- *<3 625 KEABXV ST. Kstabllshed
Rait* <Vcft in "* 54 for the treatment of Ptivata
MhJUt*. \\H Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I^OHEAKXTKT. Established
Hii: 1554 for the treatment of Privata
W Diseases, Lost Manbood. Debility or
"^eK^**M> disease wearingon bodyand mlndand
S^f^! ■ Skin Diseases. The doctorcureswhoa
»Ss'¥^feW ; others fatl. Try him. Charges low.
yflflf '^S£ 1 Cn reft soar an t**d. Callorwrite.
Or. J. v. uiBBON. Sox 1957. 5 an Francisco!
1112
HIS DEFENSE HAS
BEEN PRESENTED
Oliver Winthrop's Counsel
Says His Client Is Not
Guilty.
THE END OF THE CASE.
W. S. Barnes for the Prosecu
tion Will Argue This
Morning.
CAMPBELL IS VERY COHFIDENT
Sure of Convicting the Han Who
Lured Him to the California-
Street Cottage-
Another day and the trial of Oliver W. |
Winthrop will have reached its conclu- j
sion. All the testimony has been pre- j
sented to the jury, the prosecution has j
mrde its opening address and the defense
has offered its argument. All that re
mains to be done n-w is for the prosecu- j
tion to close the arguments tnis morning,
when Judge Wallace will charge the jury ;
and they will retire to agree upon a ver
dict.
TheWinthropcaseisoneof the strangest
ever presented to any court in this State.
It is entirely built on circumstantial evi
dence and the defendant accuses his chief
accuser of being the criminal in the al
leged kidnaping and robbery of Millionaire
Campbell.
The defendant was again placed on the
stand to rebut the testimony of Sergeant
Taylor, who testified at a previous hear
ing that he had known Winthrop under
aliases while in the army.
Winthrop testified he first enlisted in
1876. He was discharged in 1881. The
document produced corroborated the state
ment. The witness never at any time
gave a fictitious name, according to his
testimony.
Assistant Attorney Black opened the
argument for the prosecution, reviewing
the case from the time, according to the
testimony, that W T inthrop laid the plans
to kidnap Campbell, followed him to San
Jose and finally landed him in chains in
the California-street cottage.
Attorney Black outlined the case with
out goinu into the details, leaving that to
W. S. Barnes, the District Attorney, who
is expected to close the case for the prose
cution this morning.
Attorney Bell, for the defense, attacked
the veracity of Urquhart, the man who
claimed lo be Winthrop's friend, and to
whom lie was said to have confided his
schemes to kidnap people of means for
tlie purpose of ransom.
"This man Urquhart," said Bell, "claims i
he had knowledge of the proposed kidnap
ing of his friend Campbell. He rented a
house in which the deed was to be con
summated and waited for a victim. He j
saw this victim and Winthrop walking
along Montgomery street to the cars on
their way to the cottage, and still he never
raised his voice againßt the crime.
"Such testimony, gentlemen of the jury,
should be regarded with distrust.
"It is improbable that Winthrop, so well
known in the neighborhood where the al
leged crime occurred, would have engaged i
a house there for tne purpose, and it is i
still more improbable he would have gone j
to Agent Speck, a man whose acquaint- j
ance has been his for years.
"The testimony of the landlady of the I
house is likewise unreliable. She remem- j
bers, at first, that a man named Archibald
came to her and paid a deposit for the
rent after he«had visited the nouse and
been in her company many minutes, per
haps an hour or more, on a couple of occa- i
tions. Subsequently she was confronted j
with the defendant and failed to recognize
nim. Later, when under the persuasive i
influence of the police, she managed to
remember that the man she couid not rec- j
ogmze immediately after the crime was |
really the villain the police depicted him
to be.
"As for the testimony of Campbell, the
Hawaiian millionaire, it is contradicted by
that of several witnesses. He claims that
on the night of Aueust3 he saw the de
fendant at his bedside in the California
street cottage. Three renntable witnesses
testify that at the very moment Winthrop
is claimed by Campbell to have been with
him he (Winthrop) was in thelodgerooms I
of some fraternal societies or on the streets
of this City with them.
"As to the defendant's inability to ac
count for every moment of his time," con
tinued Bell, "I will ask you, gentlemen
of the jury, which one among you can
think over a period of days and state ex
actly where you were at a given hour?
"The testimony given by Samuel G.
Taylor is entitled to no credence whatso
ever. Believing his statement that the
defendant was a member of the United
States army under two aliases, Winthrop
must have enlisted when he was a mere
boy of 14 years of age. I say that it is a
pure lie.
"There have been ship captains with
the lives of hundreds of passengers de
pending on their judgment to bring them
and their Bhip safely into port. Their
ships have gone ashore and harm hascome.
No one can possibly say with reason that
these captains maliciously wrecked their
vessels. No, an error of judgment was
made. So is it with tnis defendant. He
made an error of judgment when he went
out of thin City at the suggestion of
Urqubart, who told him to keep in hiding
until the trouble should blow over.
"Wintbrop had previously been accused,
apprehended and placed in jeopardy lor a
crime of which he was proveJ innocent.
He did not want to be again persecuted
by the police, leaving his wife and chil
dren to suffer for months on account of his
unjust incarceration; hence, he removed
himself to where he believed he could be
safe while still near enough to them to be
their provider."
W. S. Barnes will address the jury this
morning. _^__^__^_^___
Sitilir Falk'B Full.
I. I. Falk, a tailor living at Ahlgren's board
ing-house, ou Steuart street, had a row with
two men in Johnston's saloon, near the
boarding - house, ear.y yesterday morning
One oi them struck him twice on the bacn of
the head with some heavy instrument knock
ing him down. Falk got to his feet and stag
gered out oi the saloon. He fell on the side
walk and was picked up unconscious by
Policeman Beach and taken to the Receiving
Hospital. Tnere were two wounds on his
scalp and his skull was sii.htly fractured.
The Silver M. n's Meeting.
The silver campaign committee is orranging
for a big demonstration at Metropolitan
Temple to-morrow evening. There will be
speeches by well-known «nd eloquent men in
the lists of the silver advocates, among them
Frank G. Newlands and M. F. Taylor of Den
ver.
There will also be jtlee club singlr.g and
instrumental music. The Bryan and Silver
clubs hnve been invited and will help to swell
the crowd. ____^^__^_^
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Howard E. ana Jean w. Wright to Patrick H.
Murpliv, lot on N line of Uniou street, 25 W of
W.bster. W 25 t,y R 100: $10.
Henry L. Herman to Catharine Herman, lot on
W line of Fr.lmore street. 30 Bof Oak, 525 by w
110: gift.
Charles W. Gould to Frank C. Gould, lot on NE
corner of Clay street and First avenue, E l'J5 :BVi,
H 27, W 122:111,4. S 27:5y 8 ; $10.
Earnest Louis Landler, Insolvent {by R C.
Jones, assignee) to Kdwin Schwab, lot on N line
<>f twentieth street, 50 \V of Hartford, \V 25 by N
82:6; nlso lot on W line of Broderick street, 80
X of Waller. N 25 by W 100: also lot of SK corner
Alum :md stunyan streets, 8 100, K. 197:9, NW
100:71 .-a, W 104:6, lots 1 to 4, 9 to 15S, block 2,
subdivision 1, Clarendon Heights: also lot on N
line of Rivoil avenue, 100 E of Stanyan street, E
50 in' IS 100, lots 13 and 14. block '2, same: also
lot on N line of Seventeenth street, 100:4 E of
stanyaa, N 108, X 25, 8 110:2. W 25:1, lot 12,
block 3, same; also loi ou N line of Seventeenth
street, 150:6 X of Slanyan, H 112:4, E 31:3, 8E
114:8. M -23:6, iot 14, block S, same: also lot on E
line of Stanyan street, 50 N of Rivoill avenue, >'
25 by E 100, lot 6, block 2. same; *160.
H. Le Baron Smith to Emma J. Smith, lot on W
line of Fair Oaics street. 244 S of Twenty-first, S
3'J by \V 117:6: also lot on E line of Forty-sixth
avenue, 150 Sof X treet, S oO by E 120: $10
Owen Barry to Nellie E. Rlg..ey (wife of Ed
ward C.) lot on k. iine of Sanchez street, 30 H of
Day, N 27:6 by E 80: $10.
Edward N. and Alice W. Moor to F. C. Havens,
lot on SW corner of Montgomery and Greenwich
streets, S 137:6 by \V 137:b; $5.
Charles Ashton (executor, by E. A. McDonald
commissioner) to Ue'man Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on N line of California street. 50:5 W of
Kearny street, W 89 by N 137:6: also lot on HE
corner of Sacramento and Leldesdorff, E 46, S 80.
E 10. S 13:6, W 55, N 98:6: $56,973.
Catherine and Hugh Smith Jr. aud Laura Lama
sine to Martin and A nnis O'Connor, lot on E line
of >econd avenue, 125 N of Point Lobos, N 25 by
E 1-0; $10.
Solomon Reiss to Emma J. Smith, lot on E line
of Fifth avenue, 375 Sof Point Lobos, S 25 by X
120: $10.
John D. Hoffman to Mary D. Mitchell, lot on N
line of B street, 110 W of Thirty-third avenue, W
25 by N 100; $10.
Aline Marchant to Constance Chalx, lot on W
line of harper (Bartlett) street, 350 S of Thrtieth.
S2i:6, SW 7:2. W 95:43^, N 30. X 100. lot 17,
block 'J4, Fairmount Land .ssociation; gift.
Kmannel and Therese Lewis to Isaac Jessup,
lot on N corner of Edinburgh and India streets,
NW 100 by NE 150, being lot 3, block 33, Excel
sior Homestead; $10.
George W Cooling Jr. to George W. Cooling Sr.,
undivided I alf Interest In lot on SW line of Fif
teenth avenue, 150 SK of N street, SE 60 by SW
100, lo:s 7 and 8, block 307, Case Tract: also un
divided one-quarter interest in lot on .\ E line of
Sixteenth avenue, 160 SE of N street, SK 25 by
NX 100. lot 36, block 3U7, same; $10.
ALA MESA COL'NT Y.
Emily A. P. Smith to Florence Harvey, lot on E
line of Filbert street, 194:6 S of West Fourteenth,
540 by E 125, Dein- portions of lots 18 and 19,
block 570, Oakland: $10.
Le Roy G. and Florence Harvey to A. de Leo de
Lacuna, same, Oakland; $10.
W. W. Marten to Charlotte Willis, lot on S line
of Seventh street, 125 W of Bruin. W 60 by S 100.
beii:« lots 11 and 12, block 97, Oakland: also lo s
9 and iO, block L, Amend d Map Moss Trac;. sub
j:>i.\ to a mortgage for $3200, Brooklyn Township:
$10.
Mary, Uenry O. and Frances C. Keyea and C4er
aldlne yon Pienczykowska to Alexanuer D. Keyes,
all interest in lot on E line of Oak street, 100 tj of
Twelfth, E to \V line of Fallon, 8 100, W to X line
of Oak, N 106 to beginning, being the S naif of
biock 66, Oakland: also all 1. terest in lot on SE
corner of Tenth and Fallon streets, X to center of
San Antonio Creek, N to H line of Eleventh, ex
tended X, W to E line of Falioti, .-> to beginning,
block 248. Oakland; $10.
C. H. Miller to Kale L. Mvrlck, lot on NE line
of West Thirtieth street, 626:6 NW from tne
point of intersection of East Thirtieth street and
the E boundary of N addition to BrooKlvn. thence
NE 120, NE 150. NW VOO, s\V ;V.'9:5, BE 243,
E 169 to beginning, being lots '-'4 to 28, block 105,
Northern Addition to Brooklyn, East Oakland;
$3000.
Edna S. Ponlson to Union Savings Bank, lot on
SE corner of Linda and Summit avenues, E
333.62,8 234.71, W 350.73, N 271 to begin Ids,
being lots 26 and 'J7, Glen Echo Tract, Map 2,
Oakland Township; $10.
Homestead Loan Association or Berkeley to
Henry A. White, lot on B line of Arch street,
110.308 N of Hllgard avenue. 40.12, E 111. 27, W
115 to beginning, being portion of lot 3, block 5,
Corrected Map, Lialey's Scenic Park, Berkeley;
W. W. Martin to Charlotte W His, lot 8. block F,
Amended Map Moss Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10.
C. S. and Maria E. Martin to same, lot on SE
line of Erie street, i5O NX of Cottage, NE 50 by
SE 100. being lot 76, Oakland Prospect Home
stead, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Arthur s. Barber to Sarah s. Barber, lot on W
corner of High and Jackson street ►, sw 78 by NW
100, being lots 8 and 9 and N X half of lot 7.' block
81, stratton survey, AlameJa; gift.
Harrlt-t C. and Louis A. Mitchell to Manuel S.
Pires Jr., lot 6, Stevens Tract, Centervllle, Wash
ington lownshlp; also lot beginning at s corner of
lot 7, Stevens Tract, thence -N W 50, NE 175, SK
50, SW 175 to beginning, town of Cenurville.
Washington Township; $5.
Nellie L. (and as attorney) and George W. Kd
wards (by attorney) to Simon and Rosa Jacobo
vicb, lot on E line of Alice street, 75 N Seventh
street, N 25 by X 75, block 81. Oakland; $10.
Mary E Ski'ling to John and Annie Colgett, lot
on NW corner of W Fourteenth and Filbert
streets, W 4^:6 by N 100, block 690, Galmdo
Tract, Oakland; $10.
Mamie schwebs to Noah E Smith, lot on E line j
of Campbell street, 64:3 " Thirteenth street, N j
26 by E 104, being lot 11, block 726 A, Oakland;
$10.
Hugo and Berth* Abrahamson to Julius Abra
ham.-ou, lot on SE corner of Clay aud Thirteenth
streets, E 70 by S 100, being the W 70 feet of lots
6 to 8, block 176, Oakland; $10.
-Mary Lane to F. J. and Isabella D. House, lot
22, blocic v, Knowles and Potter subdivisoa Ken
nedy Tract, East Oakland ; £ 1 0.
Benjamin O. Johnson (administrator of the es
tate of Samuel Johnson) to Aug. E Welanacr.lot on
N line of Forty-fifth street, E of Grove, K5O by N
100, being !ot 35, block 2110, Alden track at Tem
esca 1 , Oakland Township; $--6
Aug. N. Weianderto Jiisie Johnson, same, Oak
land lownshlp; $10.
W. J. Layiuance to John Baker, lots 14 and 15,
block B, Amended Map, Fairview Tract, Oakland
Township: $10.
Ju.es Mej'iT to Emelie Lyons, undivided one
half of lot on NE corner of Giiman and Henry
sreets, N 240 by E 135, lots 7 and 10, block 13, !
Berkeley Villa Association, Berkeley; $10.
Joseph and Truey A. Zens to Jame's M. Miarkey, I
lot on .V line of Parker street, 'Jiu w nf .McGee
avenue. N 132:6, W 149, s 133, X 169:6 to begin
ning, lots 17 to 20, block 3, Case Tract, subject to
mortgage for 850U Berkeley; $10.
H. C. Morris to Mary C. Higslns. lot on X line of
Mountain View avenue, 150 X o: hillside street,
E 100. N 25237. %V 100, b 252.79 lo beginning,
lots 71 and 72. block 34, Warner Trac;, Brooklyn I
Township; $.0.
Louise and Thomas R. Goth to R. Coupland
Thomas, lot 10, Dlock 2, Blasdel Tract, map 2
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Maria T. silva to Nancy W. Barmore, lots 9 and
10, block F, revised plan town of Pleasauton
Murray Township: $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Margaret M. Keho* with T. R. Bassett & Bio.,
alterations and additions to a two-story building
on N line of Alabama street, 182 S of Twenty
fourtb, $1500: M. J. Welsh, architect.
T. R. Edwards with Edward Cox, to erect a two
story building on Grove s:reet, between Baker and
Lyon, $4200; plans by owner.
Constance Chaux with B. Becaur and P. Dun
casse, to erect a one-story building on W line of
Harper street, 350 8 of Thirtieth, $1640; E. De
pierre. architect.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A Cohen. Santa Cras D Jonas, Santa Cruz
H J More, Alameda J v H ijes, Edenvnie
W J Jones, Cal , F T Ken wing. Oakdale
O V Woodward. NY J N Push, N V
C L Bliss, Santa Cruz Mrs L White, Denver
Miss J White, Denver Miss M Martin, Oakland
,A B Jackson, Salinas Mrs J Stafford, N Orleans
8 M Morrison. NY a schaad, Willows
W T Cope <S w, S Crux X Q Green, Santa Cruz
i G B Bart, Cloverdale X Mc.\iurray, Los Ang
: R Swted, I'eialumit H net it;. Ohio
IDr T T Tlbbits, Sacto T D Fetch. Eureka
1 JA Andrews, -Minn J s Mills, Stockton .
I CM Whitlock. Calaveras M O'Hellly, >an Andreas
; B B HardwicKS, N V O N Steele, Pescadero
iJ M Smith. Pesradero F X Prusia, S;in Jose
T X Connolly. Stockton A Meats, ios Uatos
C U Porter. Vt H H Meyer, Healdsburg
W D Reynolds, S Rosa A J Weyer, Chicago
F B ranger, Alvarado G M Ford, Auburn
E P Marks, Pa W B Andrew, alt Lake
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R H Shaw 4w, Butte . Mrs Bryant, .Sacramento
.Major Stephens, Sn Jose F James, Oroville
Mattie Shelby, Piiu-n.x C Teenbury, Los Ane
T Rap, St Paul AM Byrnrs, Reno
A J Orndorf, Latrobe \V w Ulerlch, Latrobe
J Lawler. Petaluma W Halllngsworth Hor-
E S Adams, Hornltos nitos •■ -
W J Mililkln, Butte B G Moore, Bolinas
£ H SECT Phlla i g Reynolds. Frinton
RD While, NY J F Grant, .N V
C P Jones & w, Tory G P Brady. Oakland
i E Turner, Los Angeles E X Best, Los Angeles •
; J Pitttnssier, Salt Lake C R Stuart, Salt lake
I J Scott, Italy N p Morton, Chicago
i B Bates, Cou aland E V Hail & w, » ourtland
J Mitchen, Merced W O'Nell, Merced
B E Lelt & w, Placervllle H Blu^s & w.PUcervUle
I Mm Mather, Cal W Greenwood* w, Port
£ Botte, Belgium land
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
W Wagoner <fe w, Or Miss B Donohue Or
Miss O Conrad, boston M Baker. Sonora
Mrs X Jones, Menlo Prk J a ltniun, Springfield
J Caulneld, sn L Oblspo P Mahoney, Sn L Obisno
IJ T Cassldy, Davisvl.le J Fitzpairick. UavisvH«
! D Cleary, San Joss R Owens <fe w Stockton
S V Wickberg. Sac ■ W J Kenny, Sac *
I W B Carter, Vlsalla W A Melton & f, Mich
Sirs J 1 ester & d, Or 8 Thompson, Santa Rosa
J G Jo-ce, Fort Bragg 2 MrCutchon &w, cal
Miss L Shay, seat Ie W J Mitchell. Mnlo Park
A ° Fruits, Lower Lake Mr- G Vanci Oak Hill
Mrs Wadleigb, Occidntal M J Baker, Oakdale
C L Holiday, San Diego H a Dlnsmore. Alton
.1 Altniack, :-ac J H Shine. Sonora
D Boyd, Stockton C W Jones. Kyde .
C Winsett, Denver Mrs Keefe & d, Sonora
PALACE HOTEL.
E R Hutchins, Chicago G B Qulgley Sac
! W J cusnore. Salt Lake F R Winder Jr 8 Lake
iG W Mallahen, Boston J Currey & Auburn
M R SNT 11 ' Sh* n-ond.Tondon
M R Erigel, N Miss Hantord, seatile
}ir t £V$ b }? D ' L ? 8 An 9 E B»ffruni. Bt Louis
W C Wallace. Denver W M Pe< k. Riverside
A A Adalr Riverside Capt a Rich &w. En\r
H Bernstein. Nevada it S Vivian, Chicago
O P Jenkins, Cal l Langley Rivers de
G N H«ynes, Denver S Rosens.ein xv
A Sherwood, ft Louis F A West. S 'ocfcton
Mrs Sherwood, St Louis G H Murphy A w Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W F Barnes. Sacto H Loy, Stockton
X T Mi ler, Montana s W Van S ckel N v
C Frankenthall, NY B Rogers, Seattle
J P Cooroy. Los Angeles E M >bafer, Chicago
> Cox, Sacramento w S Kalllna. San Jose
E Stone, Oakland R M Metres. Monterey
W Jones. Valley H Smith, Valley V
F Carter, Seattle H MuUer, Seattle
C Jennings, Portland
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1896.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ran Francisco Cao
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Mont(romery street,
cerner Clay; open until 9:80 o'clock.
839 Hayes 6tre*t. open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, *pc»
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission streeu open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
ttßs>" MISSION LODGE NO. 169, F. «
IS^ and A. M.— Called meeting THIS A
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:3o^]^
o'clock. Third degree. By order of the/V>
W. M. C. D. BUNKER, Sec.
Str3s» MOUNT MORIAH LODGE NO. m
SS_? 44. F. and A. M.— Meeting THIS JV
1 (WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 3f
o'clock. Second degee. /xr\
ThEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
E£TS= CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139, F. •
Ut-*' and A. (.ailed meeting THlB_»*
WEDNESDAY at 7:30 p.m.: degree 3. ''sT zf
ay order of the W. M. ■ /^r\
H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
■ «t^» THE REGULAR MEETING OF THE
j Or-* ? Bricklayers' Association will be held at
1 B'nai B'rlth Hail, 121 Eddy St., THIS (WEDNES-
| DAY) EVENING. September 16, at 8 o'clock.
: Proposed amendments 10 the by-laws come up. . .
JOHN B. CAMPBKLL. President.
CHURCH NOTICES.
jc~3i=nißr~kiiV~ii^iiriiE^^^
■^ 1-1' .^ 1 will hold divine ser-
_» t I'll I vices on the Day of
Atonement at Howry's Opera Hall, Grove and
Laguna streets. Tickets sold to-day at the above
hall. Tickets SI.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
j^ IT~J<JNES, OCU £, IST~AJJD
; m^& auriat, just returned from European hospi-
tals, has resumed practice. 222 Posu Tel. Grant 1 ul.
Ssgi=» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4:
w— ' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 416 Montsry St., room 6. Tel. 6680.
Bf^sS= BAD TENANTS EJECTED, 93. COOK.
O^-^ Law and Collection Office, 1023 .Market st.
IKS 3 dr! albert ABRAMS has KEr
j tt—^ moved his offices to 784 Geary sU
i &~S= GAS. FIXTURES MADE TO OKDKR;
m*& cheapest place in the city. H. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
jFSP» DR. T. F. BRENNAN REMOVED TO
i SS*^ Emporium or Parrott Did?., rooms 397, 398.
i (fSa*- D R- G - X- SITSS~boRFF HAS REMOVED
l* ; - his offices to -.'-J' 2 Geary st., rooms 1 and 2.
! B^as* CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
| £Z& the WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address I
j In the United States or Canada one year for $1 50, 1
j pus; age free.
j DIVIDEND NOTICES. ,
I j^^~rjiVn>E3rD^ol^cl^^vTD^N^3ia
I m~& 35 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
1 Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Co. will ie payable
■ a: the office of the company, 3'_'7 Market street,
! on and after .Monday, September 21, 1896.
Transfer-books will close Tuesday, September 15,
! 1896, at 3 o'clock p. m.
K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WAMTKD-nMALB.
T ADIES "REQUIRING" GOOD, COMPETENT
XJ and reliable help in any capacity can be sup-
! plied on short notice by calling or sending to J. F.
I CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter sU
G" ERMaN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306 MA-
son St., furnishes best help of all nationalities.
ANTED-SITUATIO NT TO DO COOKING
an ' housework by competent Eastern woman; i
also good laundress; understands American cook- |
I Ing; small family preferred: wagea reasonable; I
good reference. Apply 25 Hyde st.. iieur^iolden
Gate aye. - Q
r O V N G WOMAN FROM THE EAST, GOOD
X cutter and tit. wants situation and a home
I with a dressmaker, or would take a place in fam-
i ily to do sewing and light housework. Call or ad-
j dress J. X., 1050 McAllister su
VI IDDLE-AGKD WOMAN WANTS PLACE TO
1M do general housework: good plain cook; good
laundress: good worker; will go to city or coun- i
try: wages $8 to $10. ■ Call ior 2 days 155 Minna
St., near New Montgomery.
! "VTORTH .GERMAN GIRL WANTS A SITUA-
j-i tion to do general housework and cooking or j
! upstairs work and cooking; wages 925 Call or
I address 1103 Folsom st., flat C, near Seventh.
j pOMPETENT YOUNG WOMAN WANTS !
I \J situation as cook or laundress, city or country; I
i good relerences; has worked In German family.
I Address O. F.. box 132, CaU Office.
1 rpHOROUGHLV COMPETENT DRESS-
I X maker wishes engagement by the day: all
work guaranteed. Call or address 19 Kissling st.,
I near Eleventh and Howard.
p ERMAN GIRL DIRECT FROM GERMANY
VJT wants situation :oao general housework. Call '
or address 13 W How aye., off Larkin at., beu
, Eddy and Ellis.
I ESPECTABLE P.'-.OTI- STANT WOMAN
! J-t wishes a situation as nurse; can take care of
j infant and raise It on the bottle if necessary. Call i
I at 2524 Clay si.
ADY STEN GRAPH (PITMAN SYS-
tem) possessing typewriter desires position or
desk room In lawyer's office. Address S. A., box
16. (all Office.
GERMAN WOMAN WANTS WOKKBYTHE
VJ day washing, ironing, house or office cleaning.
! Call or address 546 Minna st., downstairs ironu
i EXPERIENCED GERMAN' GIRL WJSHES A
I XJ place to do second work ; city or country ; refer-
| encea. Apply 1507 Leavenworth St.
I W ILLING WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
! »» day washing or liousecleaning; $1 a day and
! car fare. 717 Howard st.
STRONG. WILLING SWEDISH GIRL; GOOD
cook and laundress; good city references.
Apply MRS. G. NORTON, 3.5 snaerau
V V OMAN WITH A CHli-D DESIRES A SITU~
" ution to do general housework; good cook;
j city or country. -J-l Minna .it.
I i,Y RESPECTABLE WOMAN TO DO GEN-
I> eral housework; is good housekeeper; many
j years' reference. Call 364 Jessie st., near Fifth.
FIN ED AMERICAN WIDOW WOULD
like position as housekeeper in lodging-house
I or widower's lamily. Addresi \V., box 75. call.
■yOUNG GiKL WOULD LIKE A PLACE To
X do general housework. Call at 221 Eleventh.
iroUNG GIRL- WOULD LIKE A PLACE TO
Xdo upstairs work and sewing. Call at 221
Eleventh st. ;
OUNG LADY WANTS SITUATION IN
X candy store or baker shop. CaU or address
I 863 Bryant su :
GERMAN GIRL OF .17 WOULD LIKE A
\J place to take care 'of child or do light house-
work: waged 912. Apply 405 Lyon st.. cor. Hayes.
OWEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUATION 1 O DO
O general housework in American family. Call
at 2119 Greenwich st. . ■ •
CIHAMBEiIMAID AND WAITRESS 6""r
i seamstress, respectable, wants position: city
or country. Pleasa address H. V.. 1122 Larkin si.
SITUATION BY EXPERIENCED COOK Foil
O men on ranch, mining, sawmill or logging
camp; understands her business. Address C,
1121 Howard st.
yOUSG LADY, HIGHLY EDUCATED, RE-
X (inly from Spain, speaks 3 languages, desires j
a housekeeper's position Room 1, 05 mocxton.
V OUNG LADY RECENTLY FROM THE EAST
X desires a position as typewriter. Room 14, 995
Market st.
ELIAULE WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
the day; washing, Ironing and cleaning. 870
sum st. ,
■y OL*rTG GERMAN GIRL, VERY GOOD COOK,
X wishes situation to do housework; best refer-
ences. 721 Ellis su .
OUNG GIRL WISHES A POSITION TO DO
. X light Housework or second work. Call or ad-
diess 227 Hayes sU , . ■
VI.'OMA.N WANTS WORK BY THE DAY;
"» good general housework, r; willing and oblig-
ing. 1611 Geaiy , near Buchanan.
0 E FINED YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE
XV any kind of sewing.. Call afternoon, 144 Fifth
su, room 17, second floor. - .
YOUNG GIRL WISHKS SITUATION TO DO
X housework aud plain cookin;. Apply at 31
Twenty-eighth st., beu Guerrero and Dolores.
GOOD COOK WISHKS A SITUATION IN" A
first-class hotel, board Ing-bouse or lunchhouse;
good references. P.ease call at 901 i-olsom au
ANTED— BY A COMPETENT, EXPERl-
euced young woman situation as restaurant
waitress or chambermaid. 225 Fourth su, room 10.
•y OUNG WOMAN WISHES SITUATION AS
X housekeeper or any other light work. . Ca.l or
address 116 Sixth su, room 2.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS 81TUA-
i'l tion to do housework; is a good cook; wages
$10 to $12. 4:9 Minna St., bet. Fifth and Sixth. .'
L' IRST CLASS DREs"MAKfcR WOULD LIKE
X work by the day; tit guaranteed ; reason able.
44 Sixth sU, room 23.
rpRAINED NURSE WISHES TO TRAVEL
X East with patient; remuneration, traveling ex-
penses. Address B. L., 1203 Castro st . Oakland.
ELIABLE ENGLISH WOMAN WA.\TS A
■IX place of trust: good cook an.l housekeeper: no
postal cards. Please call at 6 O Farrell > st. two
days, Tuesday and Wednesday, room 16, third
floor.
Young WOMAN wants to go OUT by
X the day: housework, washing, cleaning, etc.
Call or address 14 V-j Utis place, near Foiaom and
Eighth sts. .
WEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
upstairs. woric and as seamstress. Call 716
Treat aye., between Twentieth and Twenty-first.
OMAN WANTS ANY KIND OF .SEWING;
'» repairs and cleans clothes. 114 Fourth st.,
room 15. . ■ ; , ;
\V ANTED— YOUNG WOMAN WAIJ7H A
. " place to assist In general housework; country
preferred. , T Please call at 520 Third su
IDDLE-AGED . GERMAN WOMAN . DE-
sire, a position to do genera! housework or
.housekeeping; no objection to city or country. 517
Howard aU ' -
VI INCHES 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'» Market; 200 rooms: 25c to 91 60 per night:
91 60 to $6 per. week; • convenient and reapectawa; :
, tree bus ana baggage to and Irom the ferry.
SITUATIONS 'WANTED— Contlnned.
■\TOUNG, REFINED, COMPETENT CREOLE
X widow desires position as housekeeper. Please
call at 917 Market su, room 19. second floor.
'ANTED— young WOMAN WANTS
chamber work and waiting. Please call at 520
Third si.
OPTION WANTED —BY MANAGING
housekeeper with fifteen years' experience.
Address M. H., box 20, Call Office.
ANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER
" or companion, or both combined, by a thor-
oughly capable and accomplished young widow;
references exchanged. Address MRS. G. C.
HARRIS, 412 East Fifty-seventh su, New York
City. " ■ . -
RELIABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHEB A
XV situation in a bakery wages $10 per month.
Call 17 Third su, room 22. 11 to 12 o'clock.
\ r OUNG LADY FROM THE EAST WOULD
X like a situation as general housekeeper: city or
country. Apply 223 Post sU, room 2. .
RE FINED WIDOW WOULD LIKK POSl-
tion as working housekeeper In lodging bouse
or widower's iaml:y. Room 13, 1 Fiftn su
"I ady WANTS position AS HOUSE-
-IJ keeper for widow. 223 Post sU, room 1. ...
L 1 REN CH WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE
X day; general housework and wing at home,
c c Address or can M. HERTIN. 171*2 DuponU
SITUATIONS WAMED-JIALE.
CR- HANSE^riTc^^IO^EATv^TTrMJR^
• nish at short notice cooks, waiters, bakers,
stewards and all kinds of hotel and restaurant help;
telephone Grant 185.
HOTEL HELP SECURED ON SHORT NO-
' tlce, city or country, by calling, by mall or by
telephoning. C. R. HA*NSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
p R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110 GEARY ST., EUR-
\J • nsh men for all Kinds of work : long or short
job. Send us your orders; telephone Grant 186.
UNTER & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment office. 17 Webb su, below
Kearny, nr. Cal. ; tel. main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
CmiNESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE!
-'help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO.. 640 Clay.
HINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
/ Office; best help. 414% O'Farrell:- teL K. 423.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
best help. 814b Sutler st. : tel. Grant SO. -.
ARDENER— A FIRST-CLASS GARDENER,
T thoroughly understanding the propagating of
plants, also greenhouse work, wants position: pri-
vate place preferred; references. Address Gard-
ener, box 7, Call Office. - -
Bartender; Al AND CLO>E mixer;
X> good appearance, with long experience here
and In the East, wants situation-, best of refer-
ences. Address Mixer, box 82. Call Office.
TNDUSTRIOUS YOUNG MAN OF GOOD HAB-
X its would like a position to do any kind of work;
has had experience. Address W. J. HAWKINS.
»39 Hayes st.
SITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
O Swede as coachman and gardener; first-class
milker: handy with tools: can also run gasoline
engine. Address M. 8., box 87, Call Office.
9 PRACTICAL HOUSE-PAINTERS . AND
— paper-bangers, with tools, want work by the
aay or pit-rework for private parties; city or coun-
try. Painters, 272% Clementina St., rear.
pRADUATKD AND EXPERIENCED PHAR-
VJ mncist seeks position: relief work only : best
references: steady and reliable. Address Drugs,
box 108, Call office.
YOUNG MAN, li; GOOD HORSEMAN,
X handy with tools, wishes employment; good
references. Please address &., box 86. Call Office.
THIRST-CLASS BARBER DESIRES A POSI-
X tion: young man; steady habits: very light-
hand shaver. Address J. G. H., 117 Jones st.
SITUATION WAN IED BY RELIABLE MAN
as porter in wholesale or commission-house.
Address P. 8., box 117, Call Office.
POSITION BY EXPERIENCED POULTRY
raiser; wages or shares. A. 8.. 441 Bush at.
BAKER, AS THIRD HAND, DKSIRKS A SlT-
uation. Address W. W., box 73, Call Office.
STRONG RMAN BOY, 17 YEARS OF AGE,
O wishes any kind of work. 314 Eighth st.
OUNG~M.\N, EXPERIENCED IN BOOK-
X keening, shorthand and typewriting, desires
situation. Address G. L., box 62, Call Office.
situation wanted as clerk in
0 wholesale or retail grocery, fruit or commission
house; first-class references. Address 679 East
Twelfth st., East Oakland.
MERICAN, STEADY. sober RELIABLE,
wants work; wages no object: used to care of
hones, driving, etc.: genera ly useful; reference
or security. Address H. 8.. 414 Ivy aye.
AN. MIDDLE AGED, OF GOOD ADDRESB,
with references, desires a situation as janitor;
clean offices, stores, etc. Address R. J. H., 323
Hyde st.
POSITION WANTED ON PRIVATE PLACE
X by steady, re.lable, young German; understands
care of horses, garden and general work; Is willing
and obliging; first-class references. Address S. G.,
box 128, Call Office.
I>Y TEMPERATE MAN OF 30; Al REFER-
X» ence: practical painter and paper-banger;
handy with tools; will work very cheap; city or
country; by day or job. Add. O. X., box 95, Call.
HANDY JAPANESE GARDENER WANTs
sitUHtion to take care of horses and cows: can
drive buggy and do all kinds of outside work-
reference. Address H. M. SUZUKUWA, 113
Church st.
SITUATION WANTED FOR A FIRST-CLASS
cook, German. In restaurant or lunchhouse;
best of references. S. D., box 161, Call Office.
POSITION AS SURVEYOR. ASSAYKR AND
X bookkeeper for a mining company in Califor-
nia or elsewhere by a man of experience; satis-
factory references given. Address surveyor, box
25. Call office.
THIRST-CLASS JAPANESE COOK DESIRES
X place in private family in this City. FRANK
C. y., 22 Piospect place.
CITI ATION AN I ED FOR A FIRST-CL ASS
kw, carpenter as carpenter or something else; ueeds
to work. Address D., 1050 Howard st.
\\T INCHESTER " HOUSE. 44* THIRD, NEAR
11 Market— Electric lights In every room- 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; 91 50 to $3 per
week: free bus and baggaeetoand from the ferry.
pOMPETENT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
\J engineer and machinist desires position. Ad-
dress Engineer, 1189 -Market su. S. F., Cal.
YY ESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD. NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to 96 per
week : free bus an*, baggage to and from the ferry.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — THS
XX ,V EEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing^
fe3iale help wanted.
3 waitresses, country hotel, $20-
-• » fare advanced. C R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st.
YV ANTED— GIRL FOR SECOND WORK,
11 country, $25; German cook, $25; girl for
general housework, sleep at home. $.0: German
and Swedish glrla for housework, $16 and #20-
-cook for country, $25. C. R. HAN SEN «fcCO.",
10 Geary su
CHAMBERMAID. $12 AND ROOM; 2 WAIT-
/ reaves, $5 week, call early; woman for kitchen
work, 1 16. etc.; wait res , city, «20 and room;
housezirl for Alvarado, 918. choice place girl for
1 0:11. Lohos, $15, no wash; girl in family of 3, $15.
sutler su; girl for McAllister St., 920: girl tor
Alum. da. $-20; girl for Scott St., $20: Irl for
Berkeley, 920; 11 giris. $15: 7 girls. 920; 15
young girls, $8, 910 and $12 per month, assist, etc
MARTIN'S. 749 Market au
Y\' ANTED— PROTESTANT Si COND GIRL,
»' 9-0; sen lady here at 12 to-day: cook, no
wash. German style, $30; laundress and chamber-
maid, $20: nurse and sewing, $15: 3 waitresses,
hotel and restaurant $20, and a great many girls
for cooking and housework in city and country. J.
F. CBOSE IT _ Co.. 316 i- utter at.
YV ANTED— GERMAN NURSERY GOVERN-
■ " ess. city, $25: 3 German cooks, $35, $30 and
$25; young girl as companion, $15; French nurs-
ery goveruess. 925: German chambermaid, hotel,
915; girls to assist housework, $10 ana 912. LEON
ANDRE. 315 Stockton.
C^ook, PRIVATE FAMILY, CITY, $25; WAIT-
' ress, Mechanics' Hotel, $15; cook and laun-
dress, private family, on ranch, $25: German or
Scandinavian housekeeper, *10, and others.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agent. 634 and 636 Clay st. •■ ......
pook, $30; SECOND GIRL, $25; NURSE,
y $26. houseworK. San llafac-l. $25; 15 house-
work girls, city and country, $20 ana $25; 8 yotin*
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 323
Sutler au
TV* AT HOUSEWORK GIRL, SAN RAFAEL,
-LI $20. MISS CU ..LBN, 323 Sntter su
MEAT GIRL, SAN MATEO, $15. MISS CUL-
X^LEN, 323 sutter Su ■ .
] AUNDUESS, INSTITUTION, $30; LA U N-
Xj dress, pri\ate family, $25; second girl, 825:
8 Swedish nousegirls, 92o to MKS. NORTON,
315 suiter st. • •
1 A GIRLS FOR HOUSEWORK; SMALL
£}* American families; wages 111 2 to $25. MRS.
HIRD, 721 Ellis sU :
9 GIRL COOKS FOR BOARDING-HOUSE",
— wa ea $25; 2 for private families, 925; 6 other*,
'if- , t0 ?2 °- Apply to J. P. JOHNbTON & CO.,
8/2 Broadway, Oakland. - ,
pIRLs OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
V* various positions. German Employment, 306
Mason su
IVj l *"- M- JOHNSTON, 996 MARKET: ONLY
■"«■ nrst-class female help furnished; tel Mint 904
pERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
>-» work in Oakland: must be plain cook: refer-
ences. See party 1326 Leavenworth sU, cor.
Washington, bet. 10 and 2 to-day.
YOUNG GIRL, COMPETENT UOOK AND
■»• general housework, ' wants situation. Please
call at 1t. 07 Natoma su, off Eleventh, bet. How
ard and Mission.
W A - N ED —AN EXPERIENCED PIANO-
' ' p.ayer who is a good vocalist to co to Arizona,
Apply to-day bet. 1 and 4 p. m. at 107 Scott 8U
TITTLE GIRLTO TAKE C RE OF A.HIL-
Twe d n r t y4lg a mg U .u W<t6eS - 1568 Treat aye.. near
V °ti?* NG GIII L FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
M JoP. : n?Geiry la! S ° &d home^tl. Derby it, off
VV : A ,- NTED -BY YOUNG GIRL situation
month! Tp e p?yJs% OS Mg ; at. W * geSs^ tO » 17 Per
(T IRI ' Wanted to assist with house-
V- 1 work. Apply bet. 9 and. 12 at 2114 Green su
VAT ANTED - GIRL TO >DO LIGHT - HUUSE-
- 11 work ; small family. 4250 Twenty-tnlrd st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
ANTED— 2 YOUNG LADIES OF Go6d"a~P-
pearance to work in illusions. Call to-day,
1228 Maricet au, room 33.
IRL FOR TEHACHAPI TO DO HOUSE-
work in family of a. Call 1904 sutter st.
GOOD GERMAN GIRL TO HELP OUT IN A
small German hotel. 624 Fulton sU
p IRLS FOR FANCY WORK AND TRIMMING
VJ on corsets. 1388 Market sU
PPUENTICE GIRL TO LEARN TAILOR-
ing trade. 667 Market st. ,
IV ANTED— A GOOD COOK: REFERENCES
* ' required. Apply bet. 10 and 12, at 1434 Posu
GIRL TO ASSIST: PLAIN COOKING AND
housework; references; sleep home. 637 El-
lis st.
NEW SKIRT PATTERNS; JUST IN: 25a
Xi McDOWELL Dressmaking School, 636 Mar-
ket bu
IV ANTED — FIRST.CLASS CUTTER AND
*» fitter to take chsrge of workroom In cloak
and suithouse; must be thoroughly competent in
both suits and cloaks. Address Cloak, box 67,
Call Office.
"V OUNG GIRL. TO LEARN TAILOR TRADE.
X CaU after 9 a.m., 516 Geary st.
AIR-DRESSING; MANICURING LESSONS
given MISS DOYLE. 212 Powell su. 105 9th.
HAiRDUESsINO. 250 AND 35c. MOKNINU
and eve classes: 101egsons,91 50. 11!4S Mission
"L^LYNN'S DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: TUES-
x days free; 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE.
JX Winchester House, 44 Third eu. near Market:
200 rooms; 26c to »1 60 per night; $1 60 to $3
_T_[_we«l£j_tre<> 'ban and haggag* 10 and from ferry.
male help WANTED.
OOK~FOR PRI V ATX^aA^ING^HOUSE^
950; cook, small country hotel, $36; pantry-
man, restaurant, $30; French pantryman, restau-
rant, $30. C. R. HANSEN & Co., 110 Geary St.
WANTED— SO MORE MEN AND STRONG
»' boys to pick grapes In Madera and Fresno
counties. $20 and board: those vineyards are not
owned by any banking syndicate, but the pay and
board Is just as good. if not better: we also want 30
men to pull beans, up river, fare 91, office fee 50
cents; these beans are no syndicate beans, either,
but plain common beans that everybody eats; 100
mure men, women au children to pick hops, tents
on ground, fare 91 10: butter-maker, 930 and
found strong boy for factory, $4 a week; 2 boys
for factory, 93 per week; also farmhands, milkers,
cooks, waiters and dishwashers. W. D. EWER «fe
CO.. 626 Clay at.
\\J ANTED— BUTCHER TO BUY SHOP OR
»» take half interest, short distance In country;
15 farmers, long Job, $15 to $20 and found; 2 far-
mers, fruit ranch, $15; boy for vegetable garden,
$10 and found: ox teamsters, $60 and found; in-
side servant, private family, $2i) and found: 2
waiters, country hotel. $25: cooks and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSE IT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
LACKSMITH FOR A RANCH; 25 FARM-
ers. $15. 920 and 925; 15 ranch teamsters. *20
and $25: 10 dri.lers. 20tlemakers: 3cboremen.
MURRAY <fe READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 C ay su
"I O WAITERS,. $15, 920. $25 . AND $30; 6
-i A cooks, $25, $35. $40 and 950; 3 dishwashers,
$15 and $^0: second baker, 926; porter, 920; pan-
tryman, $20. MURRAY & READY, Leading
Employmen. Agents. 634 and 636 Clay su
~ 350 _
MEN AND STRONG BOYS TO PICK GRAPES,
dry and box raisins, work in wine cellars, pack-
ing-houses, etc., $20 to $23 per month and round;
this job is for a large banning syndicate; 3 months'
Job; call at once; fares and fees reduced. MUR-
RAY it READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 636 Clay St.
9/1 GRAPE PICKERS TO PICK 2000 TONS OF
— v Muscats at $1 25 a ton, fare advanced;
boaraing-house waiter, $25; CHARLES KERVAB,
the cook, please calL R. T. WARD & CO., 608
and 610 Clay st.
lj ELL BOY; BOY FOR PAINT SHOP; YOUNG
l-> man for kitchen work, $15 and room; 2 men
for shoe— aklng; man for chores, etc. ; young mm
for pantry work, 9 15 and room. MARTIN'S, 749
Market street. ' JBMvMI
VV ANTED— FRENCH WAITER, 940: NURSE,
»' private hospital, 825: plain hotel waiter, $^5,
and others. L. ANDRE, 315 Stockton s:.
V\ ' ANTJ-JD-AN INDUSTRIOUS AN AS"
"' partner with $200 in best -paying cash busi-
ness 111 the country: no liquor: will clear $60 each
by doing our own work. 1107 Folsom st.
pOMPETENT MAN. CAPABLE OF MANAG-
VJ Ing a large business; must be well recom-
mended and have $1000 cash. MYERS «fc GRA-
HAM. 777 Market su
WANTED — AN INTELLIGENT MAN TO
" solicit and collect: $10 per week salary; future
raise assured: must have $30 cash. Apply 917
Market st , room 2.
STEADY' RELIABLE MAN AS PARTNER IN
O butchery to deliver orders and collect; $75
required. 622 Market St., room 8.
\\' ANTED — SALKSMAN CIGAR .AND TO-
' » bacco line tor grocery trade, to speak German.
Address, with references, box G, 14. Call Office.
CTEAUY MA WITH $100; BIG . FITS?
0 $60 monthly guaranteed. F. MOORE, 530
Eddy st.
T> ETAIL WALL-PAPER SALESMAN WHO
XV understands the business thoroughly. W. W.,
box 20, l all.
T. IRST-CLASS UPHOLSTERER AND CAR-
X pet-layer wanted. A. V. HENKO. 2116 Fll-
more .st.
YOUNG MAN WITH $200; GOOD SECURITY;
-I 940 month and board. 4081 19th. nr. Castro.
VY r OUNG MAN RESIDING WITH His PAR-
X ents for dentist's oflice. C, box 32, Call.
BO "16 OK 16. TO CLERK IN GROCERY-
store. Call at 125 Herman st.
ANTED — YOUNG GERMAN FOR GRO-
cery and bar. 416 Thirteenth st.
C-IOOK WANTED. APPLY AT 1553 MAR-
J ketsu
VV ANTED -A PANTRYMAN AT COFFEE
11 JOHN'S. 9 Stockton su >
AN TO HELP IN RESTAURANT. 916
-t'l Howard st.
\\r ANTED— TWO SHOEMAKERS AT ONCE
'» on repairing. 254 Eighth st.
ERMAN WAITER AND DISHWASHER.
VjT 17 Washington au .
OOD BARBKR WANTED, STEADY. CALL
r 8 a. m. 43% Third su
EXPERIENCED RESTAURANT WAITER.
207 Second st.
VV" ANTE. '-GENERAL BLACKSMITH AT
''the New York Stab es. 507 Jessie st.,nr.sixth.
GOOD BARBKR WANTED FOR THUKSdTyT
VT . 1130 Seventh St., Adeline station, Oakland.
SHOKMAKKR WANTED ON REPAIRING"
Call 236 Noe
UOTO-PRINTER AND RETOUCHER;
country. Stuparlch Mfg Co., 623 Market st.
W" ANTED— SPAN ISH boT for light
work. Adores* R. T., box 81, CalL
E*iSgg B __tffg. CUTTKK ON COKil?f§:
XPERIENCED HAND AT RUNNING POW-
er paper-cutter. 520 Market.
I!* ANTED-A CITY SALESMAN FOR WINKS
»' and liquors: one who has a good family trade
preferred. Address W., box 5, Call.
\y ANTED— EXPERIENCED SALESMEN
" for our men's clothing departmenu Ra-
1* 1 r a 1 ''* 1 , s. -
yOUNOMANITO LEARN BARBER TRADE."
X Address 8., box 58. Call Office.
YV ANTE I— MAN UNDEKSTANDS POTTED
'» plants In nursery work, $15. 61a Haixht bu
LDERLY MAN TO COOK FOR 3 OR 4 ME
XJ 95 month. Call 512 Haight >t. at 1 p x. '
9fl BUGLERS FOR A BUGLE BAND- NOT
— \J necessary to be first-class. Address 8., box
19. Call Office. , , .
W ANTKD— SOLICITORS FOR "LIGHT." THE
*' American weekly. Apply 1203 Market at.,
\\r ANTED— AN ENERGETIC YOUNG MAN
'» for a domestic department; none others need
apply. 523 Market a:., room 7, bet. 3:30 ami ep, if.
UTAM'rD-AS IDEA; WHO CAN INK OF
11 some simple thing to satentr Protect your
ideas; they may bring yon wealth. Write JOIIV
WEDDERBURN & Co., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. Ci, for their $1800 prize
offer and list of 200 inventions wanted.
WANTED- FOR THE UNITED STATES
11 Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years-
not less thin 6 feet 6 inches in height; of good
character and temperate nabits ; able to read
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this Important branch of the naval
service offers special iudncemenu; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recrulilng Office. 20 Ellis su, San Francisco, Cat
\TEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION BET.
J.l 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, niaht 16c to
60c;week 91 t0 92 50;readiiig-room;strictest»tten-
tion to morning calls: clean: quiet: open all nlghu
YV ANTED - MEN ■To . Lr.ARN BARBER
»'- trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue aenu 8. F. Barber School, 1 515 Howard.
WANTED— 50 MEN FOR SINGLE ROOMS;
11 $1 ween, 25c night. 321 Ellis st; Rosedale.
EN'S HALF-SOLING, 60c.: LADIES. 40c.;
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hoi el; branch 767 Market, opp. Will & Finck's.S.F-
OOMS 150 Tv 76c PKR NIG 111': 500 TO *1 60
J.V per week. Urienlal. 225 Drumm au '
LOSING OUT NEW AND SECOND-HAND
I shoes at ■ 30c on the $1 ; this week only. 959
Howard sU
ANTE —500 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
, boots and shoes. E. KENDALL. 635 Mission.
1 ARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
XJ on hand: shoes to order, $3 50; hand-sewed
shoes. 96. 7263^ Howard su, bet. Third and t ourtn
WINCHESTER HOLSK. 44 THIRD ST..NEA~B
1 Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room : free bus and baggage to and irom the ferry.
milY acme HOUSE. 957 market st., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 26c a night: 91 a week.
I INUELL HoUsK SIXTH AND HOWARD
1 • «ts. : single furnished mn 7 Be week. 16c nlch:.
B.—REJU.OVIJ.D FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Clay, bottle wine or beer. with hot lunch. sc.
I||/)ME.N TO TAKE UIDnI.NH -- AT lOC, 15c
\i\J »nd 200 a night. Including veiXew Wtarol_
12* Wasnlngton su, near Keainy. "•"«""*
JHEI.P WANTED-Cont lnned .
BARBER-SHOP~iib~J2~CHAIRS; OTHER BUS-
lness; living-rooms; low rent. 724 Octavia st.
THIRST-CLASS SHAVING PARL R; REAS-
X onable; Allocation. Apply Call Office. 1
JOURNEYMEN BARBERS' EMPLOYMENT
secretary, H. BERNARD. 102 Seventh st.
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
It P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. Fl'CHs, 326 Urant aye.
jJARBERS— 2-CUAIR SHOP FOR SALE. $7"5"7
It rent, including gas, $10. 1932 Market st.
' ANTED— _\ BORERS A.NU UlunAild
to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, atlll runs Denver House, 217 Third su: 160
large rooms; 25c per right; 91 to 93 per weeic.
ESI- IN CITY- -SING ■ E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, SI 60 per weeic
Pacific House. Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
WANTED— ROOMS, i:>c A DAY: 91
v-«ek; rooms for two, 25c a day. $1 60* week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay gu •
,v , HN'IU FEEL* M.\.*iM.ATi:*iSt toloCi^. IOOO;
li all grocers keep lv
W ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
»» ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy. 110 Sutler
WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
'» your old shoes and make them like new ; dene
while you wait; ladles' solelng, nailed Ssc; men's
soleing, nailed 50c.; machine-sewed 75c; hand-
sewed 65c: line shoes made to order from 92 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one- fourth their value, from 25c. up to
■?2 50. 562 Mission st.. bet. First and -econd.
PARTNERS WANTED. ~~
'nTANTEDI PARTNER^ 3_?ST^CLAS^
» » restaurant; fashionable seaside health resort;
must be experienced; this Is more essential than
capital. Write A., box 60. Call Office.
AGENTS WANTED.
* GENTS FOR SEED'S WATER-FILTERS;
_»- they fit any faucet, are durable, cheap and sell
on sight; 9150 will start you. 719 Market, near
Third. .
A CTIVE, ENERGETIC MEN AND WOMEN
-r\ to earn from 93 to $5 a day. Rear office, 630
Market st.
pANVASSERS WITH BRAINS AND ABIL-
V.' Ity; 11 to 12. H.CLARK. 625 Mission st.
GENT»; BIG MONEY; LATEST PROPOSI-
tIon. Baxter Portrait Co., 432 Sutter st.
pHILLS AND FEVER CURED IN HALF A
VJ day without quinine: recipe for 50c: agents
wanted. a. CHARLTON. Kelseyvllle, Cal.
GENTS - '-PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS
of General Nelson A. Miles," commander-in-
chief of the United States army, and the greatest
of Indian fighters; the most remarkable book of
the century: apply at once for choice of territory.
f . PERSON, .Manager Subscription Department,
1 THE WHITAKER & HAY CO., 723 Market at.
BOOMS WANTED. '.it;
I "i or 2 ro6m^Tvv3t^^u^e^3^kltchlen:
j X for honaegpeplng. Moderate, box 8. Call.
BOARDING WANTED.
U'AXIEu-BV YOUNG GIRL, PRIVATE
" family to board with: will pay par cash and
assist In the house. Address R. W.. box 109, Ca11.
PROPERTY WANTED.
\\r anted-cheTp^fo^^TlshTsm^llTm^
" proved ranch. Price and particulars R., box 8,
Call oihce.
WANTED-BIISCELLANEOUS.
TU~ ANTED — SECOND-HAND CITY DIREC-
' T tory, '96, cheap. 211 butter St., room 4.
W "ANTED — OLD MAID VENTRILOQUIAL
figure; state price. S. W. C box 2, this office.
OLD GOLD AND S LVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
ry, watches repaired. MUSI), 11 33 V? Mission.
QELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
i --- *•'»•>• to A. KLEIN. IU9 Sixth St.: send postal.
— — - .
T OST— ON SEPTEMBER 15^ BETWEEN SAC>
j Xj ramento, Broderick. California and Stelner
! sis., an open-faced silver watch engraved A. T.
! T.: also silver link chain. Return to 2510 Jack-
i son st., and receive reward.
LOST— LARGE YELLOW SHORT-HAIRED
XJ dog. Return to 1168 Bryant st. : reward.
LOST —BLACK AND TAN DEERHOUND
bitch: return to 811 Howard st.
OS I— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBEKNIA
Savings and Loan society of San Francisco in
the name of MARY NCHETTE; No. 1691152.
j The finder will please return to the bank.
FOUND. ~
JpOUND— LADY'S CAPK. CALL J AND ELEV-
entn aye.. south of paric :
' ■: BICYCLES.
! 'Qf» COLUMBIA BICYCLE FOII SALE
j O\J cheap. 635 Mission st.
SECOND-HAND BARGAINS; CRAWFORD.
$30: Barnes, $55; Ben Hnr, Ladles', 853; Fow-
ler, $56: Ladies' Fowler '-96," a bargain; also
others. DAVIS BROS., 23 Geary st.
IGH-GRADK 2D-HAN D WHEKL3 $25 UP;
sundries below cost. 216 McAllister.
I VERY FiXh '96 BICYCLE FOR $20. DAVID
j V N. HAWLEY. 31S Market sL
! DARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS to i^etT
{ X best accommodations. Termiutu Geary. U.S-
-LUlater and Powell st. car lines.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
<e')^n AERMOTOR WI^DMILI^A^?r^TANK
«IP_OU for 965. Inquire Postoffice for LOUIS
ISAACS' place, Upper Fruitvale.
i-'INE GORDON SETTER PUP, 4 MONTHS
old; 2 heavy workhorses, double harness; ca-
nary birds and Maltese kittens. 1612 Steiner st.
ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV
ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
COFFEE MILL, SCALES, LKTTB.R PKXBS
/ stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. .102 Clay.
YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT-
» > tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First su,
; near Mission. '
PLENDID REMINGTON TYPEWRITER.
O $45: others from 920 up. REVALK. 409 Cal.
I. OILERS, ENGINES.2D-HAND MACHINERY.
JJ waterpipes. Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 Beal*.
OU N T :-; RS. SHELVING, SHOWCA-K.S
■'bars bough: <fe sold. ll'Jiy^ Markt.bet 7th & Bth.
LL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
cost; hood tops, $5 50 up; repairing; open
evenings. S. F. Baby Carriage Mfg. Ca. 442 Sixth.
GOOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
1 pulleys, shafting, etc W. L. BAN FORD.
416 Washington st.
0 HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
— glne; good as new; $90. Apply 215 Bay sU
, UILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, BABHK4
' doors, mantels, etc. for sale. 1166 Mission.
NX SMALL .VUJII if A.M. LARGE SIZE?
fire and bur;!.-.r proof safe. 109. 111 Market v.
VIKWIUA'Wa CHEAPER THAN SKCONII-
-■ITI hand. W. H. BAY Mfg Co.. 12 California s:.
SEWING MACHINES.
FOR SALE— NEW SINGER SEWING MA-
chine; never been usrd. 1 Golden place, Golden
Gate aye., bet. Larkin and Hyde sts.
~\ LL KIN BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
./A rented, repaired: lowest rates. V!O5 Fourth st. 1
MEDICAL.
A""~BLE?SING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irreguariti 's and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment;
never falls: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
' well; travelers helped mime lately; prices to suit.
I the times: home la confinement. DR. & Jilts.
I DA VIES, 14 McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank;
consult fr-e; French regulating pink pills, $2;
hours from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL. CASES OF IRREGULARITIES SIT
stored In a few hour ; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
I vate home In confinemeut: regular graduate phy-
sician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDICAL
; ELECTRICITY us"d: ladles, consult the doctor
I before going elsewhere; you will save time and
I expense; consultation free and confidential.
j MRS. DR. WYE IH, 916 Post st., near Larkin.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICI NE, TNSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
1 from what cause: restores always In one day;
can be sent and used at home; ail cases guaranteed:
if you wans to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny su
DB. GOODWIN MAKES A BPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of
irregularities In one day, guaranteeing a cure or
noch:irs;e; separate home for patients; best skill;
low fees: regulator 92. 904 McAllister su •
A LPiCAU'S: FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladles troubled with Irregularities-: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 press C. O. D.: don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD 8i.05.. Oakland, Cal.
MRS. DR..WEGENKR TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: - Infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or,
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy su
Sure cur!', for all female DISEASES,-
from whatever cause: a home in confinement
I with every comfort; action guaranteed, dv
MRS. DR. GWYI'R. 226 lurk st. T
MRS. J. A. ACH AMD," MIDWIFE— HOME IN
JiX confinement; 25 years' experience. 655 Mis-
I sion at. ■
RS. M. E. RODOERsTprTvaTE HOME IN
_ confinement; terms reduced. 929 Howard st.
DR. DORA ■• GRAY— ALL FEMALE' COM.
plaints restored; cure guaranteed. 827 Eddy.
IF IRREGULAR O-RANY Fi-.-WALK Dl EASE
see MRS. Pit. PUKTZ andbecontenU 2541^ 4th.
1 »R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
XJ Jones. Diseases of women and children.
, "PRIVATE HO_K IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
■T DR. FUNCKK. 1416 Eighth M.. Alamerla.
PHYSICIANS. ~ "
RT^TcT^^NTfELLTIsoS'MARKET, COrT
Golden Gate aye. -.diseases of women a specialty.
1 \ON"X KAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
i-t his museum, 1051 Market St.; his 30 years'
tnccessiul practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
UM worst cases treated satisfacturUjr by mail.
PERSONALS. ,^
TN^O^M^TIO?r^WAS?rED— THE ADDRESS
Xof GUSTO V RUDOLF BaRSTAEDT. a native
of Dansig, Germany; present, age about Ml years;
supposed to be in California: a fortune has been
left him in Germany. Address 1900 Central aye.,
San Francisco, Cal.
. "RETURNED— MME. HOLLAND, TEACHER
XV of l-reuch language. 765 Market St., room 15,
second floor. -
VV ATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
TT worK from , the country solicited; estimates
riven ; artlcl- 8 returned if price is not satisfactory:
all work warranted. J. N. BRITTAIN. 20 Geary.
ANTED— OLD GOLD FOR MANUFACTUR-
»I ing. O. NOLTE, jeweler, 222 O'Farrell St.,
bet. Mason and PowelL
OAKTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
Classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton, Gertruda
Partington. R. L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine.
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty; private; no charge unless successful: ail
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc. at-
tended to. G. W. HQW_,atty-at-law, 830 Marketst.
R. MAUD CNMAN, ELECTRIC THERAPEU-
tic vapor baths; ladies only. 1053 Market su
JUST ARRIVED— MME. M. TAVLOK, CARD-
reader; fee $1. 860 Market, rooms 49-50.
OCOCO OR ANY OTHER ANCIENT OR
modern style of hairdressing I do for 25 cents;
j Quinonia hair tonic, 85c a bottle: switches. $1;
have enlarged my parlors. G. LEDERER, 111
I Stockton st. ... ' ■■
V OUNG LADY FROM CUBA DESIRES GEN-
-l tleman partner; small capital required. 9 Pow-
ell su , room 7. _^
MORRIS BERRY. FORMER FOREMAN
Albert Miller's cloak store, has opened a busi-
ness at 14 McAllister, Rms. 45-46: ladies', misses'.
children's cloaks to order; guaranteed :low prices
MRS. THOMPSON, CHIROPODIST AND
manicure. 101 Grant aye., room 10.
ADY (STRANGER) DESIRES GENTLE-
man partner; $25 capital. R. 2, 122 Post st.
MYRTLE POTTER'S COSMETIC PARLORS:
manicuring, _airdreaslne. 1362 a Market aU
room 8.
ffljyi PANTS TO ORDER; SAMPLE BY MAIL.
<Tt: WERTHMAN Pants Co.. 22 V 3 Geary street.
THE FINEST LINE OF REMNANTS:
X suit to order, $10; pants, 93. Cut Rate Tailor-
ing Company, 1117 Market su, bet. 7th and Btb.
mRUNKS DELIVERED 25C BAY CITY
X Transfer Company, 244 Sutter; tel. Grant 67.
A T THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLARTmEDICAL
x\. Institute, ail cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for 91; call or write. 1029 Va Market sU,
beu Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, CaL
LL FACIAL BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles, scars, etc., removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
AZOR-FIXING OCR SPECIALTY: FINK
edge put on razor. Razor Exchge. li 3oMar
V/ EL VET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
V manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome sU, upstairs.
BIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-'
Xf ry night cor. Market and bixth sts. : artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market sL
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I "
Winchester House, 44 Third su near Market:
£00 rooms, 25c to 91 60 per night: $1 60 to 96 pec
wees ; free bus and baggage to and from tne terry.
IBKE.AL ADVANCES ON DIAMOND^ J.KVV-
-I elry. etc: lowest rates. J*4S Market sU
LD GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 8 CENTS — TH*
■gL WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSES $2 UP; WRAPPERS 35c UP;
lawn $1 up 6053,4 Natoma st. . above Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ~~
GITANA. THE G YPB i V Q UEEN, 8 TURK ST. ;
vX truthful In her predictions; reliable in her ad-
I vice; no matter what troubles you may have, come
; and she will guide you right; no fake; satisfaction
guaranteed: office hours from 9 to 9.
ME. PORTKR. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card- reader, born v/ith a douDle veil ant
second sight; ladles 50c, gents 91; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk su. nr. Jones.
A/I -ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELLS
-L*« past, present and future: success to all; for-
tunes by mail: low prices. 856 Mission st.
blsToP KNOWLEDGE ;REVEALS future
marriageaucky lottery numbers. 1032 Market.
VI ME. HaNSKN, PALMIST, CARD-READER;
l'-l pas;, present and future; 25c. 148 6th sU, r. 5.
ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth
ME. MOKEAU, BIiST MEDIUM; REVEAI
past, present, future: 25c up. 764 Howard st.
p YPSY LIFE-READER, REMOVED FROM 5
VJT seventh to 11 Stockton: ladies 25c: gents 50c.
MME. LEGETTE— PRESENT, PAST AND
-i'l future; 25c 311Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ME. DR. THoMAS, CLAIRVOYANT; 25
_ yrs Kearny, now 929 Post; fee $1: letter 92.
M"ME. SYBILLE sh ws~pict ure~ futu r k
husband, wife; ladies 25c, 50c. 914 O'Farrell.
/CLAIRVOYANT; LADIES ONLY: FEE 26c.
\J 41 ' inna, basement. '.'''■'
SPIRITUALISM.
» VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN 13
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FEE $1 A UPWARD*
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL! "
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
1 eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If s®
read this and learn that lire is yet worth llvinz'
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this cons: in the ten years past, ij
again at her old offices, 1320 Market street, Saa
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
1 every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; succesi
I brought to theunlncky; love to the loveless: tha
' separated are united; the sick made strong; the
i poor become rich if you think your husband, wtfa
i or lover Is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
I scendent power is as far above those poor mortal!
; who try 10 imitate her as the eternal heavens ara
; high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Shedoes
j not know what failure means! Her "Revealed
< Medicines" (registered - and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to. and no
matter of how long standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment oy mall is always most su>
cesstul and satisfactory. All letters answered.
Diseases alagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE »1 & UPWARD! FEE. $1 & UPVVARDt
44.R5. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1320 Market su, opp. Seventh.
San Francisco.
A GRAND SPIRITUALIST MASS-MEETINO
JA. to-day in Hamilton Hall, Oakland, under the
1 auspices of the state association. General con-
I ference at 2 p. if., participated in by the noted
speakers, W. J. Colvllle. Rev W. P. Haworth. Dr.
N. F. Ravlin and oth- Tests by Mrs. S. Cowell.
Katie Heussman and other mediums. At 7:30
p. m. Harrison D. Barrett, president of the Na-
tional association, will deliver an address, after
which Mrs. Maud Freitag, the celebrated young
medium, will give her wonderful ballot tests, ac-
companied by spirit Tappings. Vocal solos by
Mrs. Emma Sherwood, the accomplished contralto
soloist of Chicago.
"PEOPLE'S" I RITUALISTS' SOCIETY, 111
X Larkin st. to-night; Mrs. Hendee-Rogers ana
Proressor Taturu.
Q.^/« MCALLISTER — MRS. C. J. MEYER;
O—U test meeting) every night; 10c; Tue _
Fri, 2 p. M.
rpKST MEETING TO-NIGHT, 10c. 335 Mo-
J. Allister; stltt. Bird. Clemens; skeptics Invited.
SPIRITUALISTIC CIRCLE TO-NIGHT BY
Rev. Mr. Huwland; 25c. 1 Fifth st.. parlor 1.
1. ADIES' AID MEETS TO-DAY, 326 MeAL-
Ij lister st. . Admission free; tests p. m.
RS. MAYO STEERS: FEW DAYS ONLY:
readings; 91. 1015 Market.
M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLaTE-
. writer. 118 Halght St.: hours 9 until 6 p. M.
Mrs. Kate hoski^s, trance medium.
sittings $1; circle Tuesday eve. 136 Oak st.
ISHOP GARRISON. 1370 MARKET; SEAN-
ces Tuesday. Friday even's. 25c: 10 to 4 ilally.
-' ' ■ HYPNOTISM.
ylpnotlsm^^Td^vitall magnetism
practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
: sons, a so how to hypno ize instantaneously, by
i professor of the French school: a good opportunity
I is here offered to .physicians and students of
j science interested in its therapeutic effects; high-
i est credentials: correspondence solicited. Call or
■ address the Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute,
! 6 o-Farrell st.
SCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY,
I OCIEN lIFIC ASTROLOGY— ALL EVENTS OF
; O lite foretold by the horoscope: advice on all
j business: speculation my specialty, and business
j men protected b • my method; oil and minerals lo-
cated by the science. DR. ST. CLAIR, 916 Mar-
ket st.. room 26: hours 9 to 7.
— ____________ _
HORSES.
HANDSOME CART, HARN^SsT^BTYLISH
bay mare; pacer: gentle: will stand any
] place: anyone can drive her; nico rig for lady.
Can be seen at 941 Bryan; St.
rpHK EMPORIUM SALES YARDS, 220 V A.
i- lencla su, is the place to go If you want to buy,
sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or hur-
ness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
CM HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSES;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
El BOLD HARNKnS COMPANY; 600 .-ET:-»
of good harness, our own mate, of every de-
scription, tor less ciouey than you can bay Eastern
trash; send for catalogue, ll'i McAllister st..S. F.
"I CA SE'i'SNEW AND SECOND HAND H A
X- O\J ness, all kinds; ; wagons, buggies, surreys,
.rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission 3;
1 ARGE YOUNG DRAFTHORSES": HALTER
Jj broken; cheap; Hyde ranch. 630 Commercial.
CAn SET NEW AND hhCO.N b-HA-NU HAR-
t)UU ness; all kinds; buggy.waeon, carts, surrey
& rockawav: 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
Af\ HORSES luit BALE; ALSO WAGON:*
T:U buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horn
Market, 327 Slx^h at. ; auction sales every Wudii&r
flay. BULL! VAN A' ■"" 'Yi.K. Auctioneers. ■
"WAGONS AND CAKKIAGKS.
I^jvOlT SALE-LIGHT WAGON, ALSO BUgf
' ness buggy, cheap. 903 Golden Gate aye.
VOR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINE
X carriages of every deaciiptlon; cash, notes of
installments. CarvlU Mfg Co., 46-48 Bth at., S. V.BpgnnPM (haxces.
S2OOO P / RTSKR " W ELL ESTABLISH"-
,!' d - P«>'lng livery business; line 10-
-cality, with cheap re . and any one wishing to
ruga-e in a business of this kind it will pay to In-
vestlgate, T. LI, B KLSKI, 7 City Hal aye.
&700 ONK OF THii FINEST BESTAU- |
•j. 1 \j\j. rants in city, gooi location . doing I
business of $40 per day; established 26 years: lias
always made money, stand full investigation;
reason for sailing, owner moving into own prop-
Pr ?i? : « a i* a ? oue w - ins a business of this kind
will nnd on Investigation all that Is claimed for It:
tnis is a rare chance. T.LiTBELsKI. 7 > ity Hall ay.
ftl 000 PARTNER Til WELL-ESTAB-
vpxy\j\r. lighed oiUoe business: the in I v ob-
ject in taking partner is to extend the business;
investiga ion win show this to be rare chance: a
fine opportunity for energetic man. T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye. •
t HAVE GOT A FINE $10,000 BUSINESS LOT
— in Alameda to trade for city property clear, or
will assume mortgage. T. LU__.LbKI, ? City
Hall aye.
TTIGHEST cash PRICE PAID FOR fur-
xx nlsbed restaurants, saloon fixtures and grocery-
stores. ST EX BERG CO.. 632 Market st.
CJ"I 9X STEADY, TRUSTWORTHY PART-
*• x^itj. neras cashier; res a "rant; advertiser
pood cook. .STENBEBG CO., 632 Market St.
s^Q(K) HA INTEREST in a CORNER
O\J\J . saloon; city front: prefers partner to
hired help. SI'ENBERG CO., 682 Market st.
(\l\l\ BEST KANT AND SALOON; 26
ii 11 WV, furnished rooms; will ceil or ex-
change for proper BTENBEBG C 0..63. Market.
Q1 0 O STATIONERY AND BRANCH BAK- .
'.. IVHI. r y : good location: 2 rooms in rear.
STKNBERuV. ... 632 Market st.
$7^ STEADY, BELIaBLK MAN AS P ART-
'- • O. ner 1:1 A-c:ird and sign business: de-
liver orders and collect: splendid chance to learn
good trade. STKNBKRO CO., 632 Market st.
Q|7|)() CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
•_ 1 1 \J\J. choicest location: Western Addition-
r.-nt $30: .'olni{ lar^e cash trade: must be sacri-
ficed; owner going to Guatemala; fullest investi-
gatlon plven. WILKE WOLF. 531 California.
-S( l( ) «'ATJRaNTON KEARNY ST.;
- , y U * actualVill «c $1200; rent $50; owner
called hast on account of sickness. WILKE. 531
California sU
S^nOO Partner in OLD establish-
«, — yv»u. Ed and good-paying barroom: on'y
tir<t-c.«ss trade; straight bit house: rare chance
lor the right man. WILKE & WOLF. 531 Cal. st!
5^.500 ,V'- I!XER ,««OCfc;KY AND BAB:
hn'c7 V livinz-rooms: rent $30; doin- good I
business: choice location. WILKE & \VOLF:S3I <
lalifornlasu
<I-1 ( FINE RESTAURANT AND
I'% , oyster parlor: first-class trade and
location; receipts $65 dally; a fortune for some
one; thorough investigation invited; only a res-
taurant man can handle this place; a perfect sac-
riflce. See MYERS <fc hah AM, 777 -Market st.
Si'^lSO f*ACftl*ICK — SALOON. 3 . BOOMS,
<a *'<J\r m kitchen: well furnished: fine atpek and
fixture*: best accommodations in the city: re-
ceipt 8 Jl5 to $20 dally: must sell to-day. MYERS
A Ui AHA.M, 777 Market st. .
&*-)<) () § ESTAUIiANT AND MAR: CITY
JU «•» \.i . front: fine chance forrushing business:
oeath cause ot selling; best chance in the city for 1
:.n enterprising man. MYERS <_ GRAHAM, 777 '
Market
ik A ()( i MEAT MARKET. FISH AND VltGE-
'*■- * "v ' • table stand; one of the nicest and best
located stands in town: 4 living-rooms; elegantly j
fitted up; trade averages $20 per day: strictly
cash; if you want a nice paying investment; see
ths. GEO. STEWART, 602 [Market st.
S'i r \(> COFFEE-SALOON; BAR AND
'. '••>\'. lunch-house, best location In this City
for that line of business: niceiv fitted up: tine
range; cheap rent: receipts $15 to $18 perday:
cheap at $500. OEO. STEWART. 60- Market sU
I )ESTAUR ANT-BEST LOCATION BUSi-
— v ness center: guaranteed paying business: full-
est Investigation al owed: trial given if desired;
leaving town; account ' sickness. PBOLL _ CO..
719 Market st.
VI \i\ BARGAIN: CIGAR STORE: PROMI-
'- '''"• nent Market-street corner: excellent
business: owner six year"; no nightlor Sunday
work. PRO LL & CO., 719 Market st.
HOTEL TO LEASE FOX A TERM OF YEARS:
new 6-story and basement brink, building, con-
taining P8 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located, half block N
of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
i mporinm building: newly furnished throughout;
furniture for saie on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply 10 _ si_V_K_EK<_, 320
f-ansome St.. room 39.
A TTrNTIOX! BARGAINS TO-DAY BY W.
-A F. HEALV. 23 Kearny s:.— Hotel, 34 rooms,
newly furnished, across the bay, commanding a
beautiful marine view, first-class in nil depart-
ments, offer wanted: partner in a business clear-
ins $120 1 er month, $200. trial given to party de-
siring to purchase; I have saloons, groceries and
bar and all kinds of business opportunities for sale.
"LOR s. ALE— OF Ihh OLDJe-aT 1 AB-
X llshed liquor-saloons In the city, together with
« good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
In fine order: has a tin« day and night trade; situ-
ated in the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms ai-
teched; sic km s-j the only reason for sell Inc. Ad-
drrsi for |.::r:lcul«r< M. M., box 100. C»U OiHce.
V |(||| *;IG.\K-STAND. NORTH MA KKT:
<jp 1 \J\J. rent $15; anap. SKIFF, 921 Market su
CCMOfI PAYING COUNTRY BAKERY; NR.
<ip«JVV. Ban Francisco: bakes IV. barrels;
bun-ilft's trade; 5 living-rooms: stab c; rent $-o-
trial given. SKIFF, 921 Market st-
T ADY WITH MEANS WOULD L.IKE GEN-
X i tieman partner to help purchase fine-estab-
lished paying business: will furnish equal amount
of money; capital required $1500. X., box 15,
Call Office. * H '
BARGAIN; $400; BRANCH BAKERY,
candy, notions, laundry, stamp agency.' etc.:
5 rooms us- bath: rent $16: established over 6
yeari, ell paving business; only cause of selling,
sickness. 2424 Market i»l
/> OOD OPENING FOB ACTIVE DRY-GOODS
"I man in rapidly growing neighbor!:ood..corner.
Third aye. and Clement st.. with 4 rooms; Sutro
cars pass door. I). DANGERS, lOx California st
QOOf; PARTSKK WANTED IN A FIRST-
•_ — .— .»J« class butcher-shop north of Market st. ;
positively well paying; fine horse and cart; nice
fixtures. M. LESS A CO., 783^ Maritet st.
pARTNEB W ANTED— OLD-ESTABLISHED
X contracting business; pays from ICO to $I.SO
tp.ph; must b' steady and reliable; references ex-
changed. C. E., box 25. call oince.
C-XA NEW INVENTION iOK SALE; AU-
<J wv ( loroatic safety gasccck attachment: nnl- |
versa'.ly needed: no money to introduce it. S. '
FOWLER, 276 Tehama St.
(~\ OOD PAYING FAMILY WINK AND LIQUOR
VJT store: established 10 years: rent cueap; sold
account of too much other business. For particu-
lars apply 20 l.afavette su
1 EED'S WATER FILTERS ARK THE BEST;
XJ they fit any faucet; are durable and cheap;
25c and 50c; sent by mail on receipt of price. 719
Market su. near Third. - .
_»AA GROCERY AND BAR; PROMI-
rJJUv/V/. nent corner on good street; 3 rooms:
Rood business; bent reasons for selling. Apply 917
Market St., room 2.
\\J ANTED— TO LEASE OR RENT, KITCHEN
' » and store in an uptown department house, or
lower flat with store; well lighted. Address S. C,
box 82, Call Office.
T/>OB CANDY FACTORY AND ICE-
X cream-store: rare opportunity; established
business: or will exchange for real estate, s., box
21, Call Oflic^ y.-:y
Q. QA| k PARTNER WANTED IN LIQUOR
iJ)Owl./. ga'ooD; vicinity Palace Hotel: owner
guarantees $65 per month to partner. H-A_V,
23 Kearny su
C 2 1 .1(1(1 RESTAURANT: ESTABLISHED
Ol—.vJv/. 15 yea r_: a plck-np: doing a good
business; make offer; Investigation given. Apply
.9 Mxthst. - -
ARE CHANCK FOR A GROCERYMAN TO
Xt procure a sunny NE. corner: investment pays
10 per cent. PATTERSON A CO., 8 Valencia st.
lj_7jAA PHCENIX RESTAURANT, _ : 80
tJTO"". Fillmore St.; owner has 2 places; part
cash: established 15 years; make offer; trial given.
<I_S;^ AVERAGE WEtKLY NET ?->COMK
iS>OO $250 Invested: safe, conservative; prospec-
tus, proofs, free. F. DALY, 1293 Broadway, N. v.
* T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. iuWAN BUYS
J\ stores; negotiates -mortgases on merchandise:
tells on commission. Boom 15.26 Montgomery.
J-'OR RESTAURANT. DOING A BUSl-
ness of $20 to $25 per day; must be sold on ac-
conntot sickness. Apply at B Golden Gate aye.
©QCft FOB HA 1. 1; STATIONERY, CIGAR.
•S!OU\J. notion and nt>w< store; corner store in
Misjlon. Address S. G., box 115. Call Office.
IF YOU WaNT TO BUY OR SELL a KKS-
taurant, saloon or any kind of business see
UNPKBWOOD «fc IP.. 766 Market st.
ALOON — $400; . BARB OPPORTUNITY;
i 5 must sell, as my oth<»r business demands my
entire attention. Apply 209 Kills st. --.
. lIANCH BAKKKY. LAUNDRY OFFICE,
candy, tobacco and cigars; best part of city.
Address It., box 97. this ofßce. .■■-;.
T)ELI ABLE WOMAN: PARTNER; GOOD
Ji. restaurant; small copltKl required. Apply
Call Office. ■
AKEKY.CA.MiV, STATIONERY, NOTION,
dry goods: 2 - rooms; cheap. 1307
Buchanan. __J
VE\V6PAPERKOUTK;IN INTERIOR CITY.
i> close to Han FrancisXe. - For particulars apply
this office. ■•-'■■ '- '-•:■'■;•
/■(HEAP _•/ IKY PBCDtTCK STORK. BAKERY
V and laundry ofHce, Apply Call Oflice.| 1
TTooT" OLD-ESTABLISH f.D DOWNTOWN
' J restaurant for gale. 7U6 Howard st.
piii;.\KR"GROCKRY "AND BAR: LIVING-
\J rooms: good location; rent $20. 515 Market st.
fi.wiA BARGAIN ThaLOON; TRANSFER
«?OUU. place: flue stocK liquors.- 80!) Howard.
"l_AIX)ON: LON • LEABK: LOW BK.NT. A P-
-0 ply at Union Brewery, Eighteenth and Florida.
AKKRY, CANDY, STATIONERY, NOTIONS,
X> dry goods and laundry oflice. 1800 Union st.
AI ;V AND PRODUCE JiUsINKsS; 4 LlV-
ing-rooms; for sale cheap. . 1008 Hyde nt.
T\f KRCUANDISE STOCKS AND FIXTURES
l'l bought by J. c. MUTHER, 63- MarK rm. &
p ENTLKMAN PABINER WANTED BY
rjt lady of yome means. l'FlflhsU. room 12.
\\T ELL-PAY ING HAND I_-I'NI>KY FOX
" sal«; m'jst be sold at once. 109 Hayes st.
PALACE HHi»K STOHE KOR SALE; , iSAK-
-1 earn. Addreai E. & AM-S, U_i»U, c«i, • • - ;
_JBPSINESS CHANCES-Continned.
GOOD. OLD EHTABLISHED DOWNTOWN
VJ restaurant for sale. Apply Call Office.
ATKWLY FITTKO-UP LIQUORS I ORE FOR
Xi sale. 732 Devisadero st , cor. Fulton.
1 ADY DESIRES A GENTLEMAN PARTNER;
XJ $35 capital. 12 Mason st.. room 2.
j.UTCHER SHOP, WITH OR WITHOUT FlX-
_»_> ture». rent»slB. 1806 Howard st.
ROUTE FOR BALK ACBOS6 THE BAY. IN-
quire at Call Office.
F\ "*, o '?. A LUO^ o kTsalb. CHEAP. apply
1342 Market st.
__^OIJGING-HOIISES FOR SALE.
9 9 "OOM^rc^R^fETTHOUSETNK 450
——80 rooms; guaranteed to clear over $150. .3700
i O- room house on Sixth nt 400
Hotel aud rooming-houses; all sizes and prices.
Apply to H. C. DICKER & CO, 1020 Market
St., opposite ruth.
QfJ-ROOM HOUSE TO EXCHANGE FOR ANY
OvJ kind of real estate. DECKER, 1020 Market.
*-BOOM HOUSE: 1 FLOOR ALL OFFICES;
* only $450; niustseH. DECKER. 1020 Market.
"1 /\-ROOM HOUSE: NKW FURNITURE; A
XV bargain.. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
99 NEW FURNITUKEFOB LOT& $2500
-1— 16 rooms: clearing 850... -. 250
-8 rooms; making money... „ 475
130 rooms; clearing $500 7000
10 rooms; clearing $50 300
__ UN DERWOOP <fe CO.. 766 Market st.
T?URNIBHED HOUSES: 12 TO 130 ROOMS;
J $300 to $10.0 JU. I'II K LI'S & t P., 917 Larkin.
WELL-FURMSHED ROOMS; LOW BENT;
clears $60. Apply Call OfHce
<*i.~\ '.I 7" BOOM HOUSE. 403 STEVENSON
iJ)XO\J. su. corner of Fnth. .
I/ 1 U RNITURE OF 5 ROOMS FOR SAL_T
J flat to let. 214 Sixth st.
e«MC/» ONLY FOB 11-KOOM LODGING-
«jj>— «Jl' house; cood location: very small rent;
always fnli; must be sold this week. 230 Minna.
-;A -ROOM LODGINu-HOUSE: CHEAP, ON
■^Tr account of sickness. ' 8.. box 15. Call Office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. ~~~
s ~^
X: prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets.; ..,.,..........; $ISSI
Bed lounges 8 »J
Stoves 7 53
Carpets, per yard 55
Linoleum, per yard , , 55
Matting, per yard 10
Till our new building Is erected these prloM will
Mum). Till such time we are conducting buslnejt
at* SE. corner beVts-Ut and JUisslOU' nil. i.
NfX)XAN.
JfWl CARPETS: AMBER SETS. $14;
tUV.' stoves, $5: parlor lets, *20; folding-beds,
$10; bar outnts. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
A T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. Full
J\ lowest prices ou household goods, u«w or jjjol
n«n»»«:<Ti»h orllmi>. «p»n pvunrn-M
furnituke WANTED.
J'u>h paTiT^for entire "h6uses"6"r
V_y smaller lots of furniture, carpets, etc. J.
BOWCHER, 222 Stockton; send postal. 0
r\FFICEFUKNITURE— WILL PAY HIGHEST
v/ price* for second-hand - ofllce desks or take
them in part payment for new. GEORGE H.
FULLER DESK CO.. 638 and 640 Mission st,
SELL FURNITUBK TO ADVANTAGE TRY
1 M. SILVKRST&IN.969 Howard st. mend postal
"OUCKINUHAM FUK > ITU HE Ccl PAY-.
XJ highest price for furniture, carpets, etc. ; scud
postal. 866 Mission st.
IF YOU WAN I Hunl) PnICK-S FOR FLKNl-
ture and merchandise s«»<»IIURD, 211 Larkta.
1 NDIANA AUCTION CO., HI CCESSURS TO M.
JJ. SIMMONS' Aiic. Cn.. 1057 Market, pays nth
CAIiPET CLEANING.
> RpllT^L^A^n^G~*Ca~4o2
Sutler St., tel. Main 394; S. S, FERGUSON,
manager.
ONES _ CO.. MAIN OFFICE _5 AND 27
Klgbtb St.; tel. Jessie 1001.
•JC A YARD AT GREAT WESTERN CARPiiT
O Oanin< Works. 11 Eighth st.
/.KPET CLEANING. 3c: LAYING. 3c.: KL'(#
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 Bth st.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTKD WITH
» » poor work send to SPA G'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-^7 Tehama st. : tel. So. 40.
ONKLIN'SCAKPKT 1 : a i I M i \VOH_a. j>i
Vy Golden Gate »re. : tplp^hone east 128. /
/ '11V MEAiIC AUPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
\J line. 38 Hth. STEVENS, msr. TeL oath 250.
C~TAKPkTS CLEANED AND KENOVATEJ
\J like 'jeiv. FERGUSON <t CO.. 23 Tenth: t_-
«-onth as. I). mackintosh & CXX. successor!.
"1 t_ iTCII E ill*: I'CLbA-M.Nlj CO.. J l l
'> . 14tli ft.: >-l<-anirfr .Mo « vit.l 'i». MU^lnn /_
MUSICAL, INSTRUMENTS.
SEND ADDRESS AND PRESENT, pi
O. box HO, Oakland.
Ql l|| HI ANDARD UPRIGHT; COST $175;
xtU. on $5 Installments. 221 Leaven worth.
•RETIRING FROM BUSINESS— PIANO* ATA
XX sacrifice to promptly close out stock: Knabe,
Hainei and Bush A Gerts. A. L. BANCROFT A
CO.. 324 Post st.
N IMMENSE STOCK OF NEW AND HEC-
ond-band pianos from leading makers: no-
body can offer better terms and prices; remember
ours is he oldest and largest music-house west of
Chicago; call or write. KOHLEK A CHASE, 28
O'Farrell st., San Francisco.
CTUaLLY THE BI^ST BARGAINS IN Pl-
anon; nee our list tor this week; planoi on $3,
$4. $5, $6, $7, $8, $9, $10, $15, $.0 monthly pay-
ments; fine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere in th« city and kept toned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCKK CO.,
salesrooms 835 Market su. opp. Mason.
A 4-STORY BUILDING, CORNER OF
Kearny and Sinter sts., full of pianos: these
instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
M, 84. $5, $6. $7, $8. $9, $10, $12, $15. $20 and
25 per month: the best of every grade from lowest
pr ces to bteinway Baby, Parlor and Concert
UranJs: why pay rent when better pianos can be
bought from us for about seme payments? every
piano guaranteed -. fine wood-seat stool and draped
lover Included: no charge for drayaee: pianos
kept in order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLaY <_ CO., cor. Kearny and butter sts.. also
Oaxlanil, Cat., Portland, Or.. Seattle, Wash.; Stein-
way representatives for tne Pacific Coast.
ON ACCOUNT OF THE INCREASE IN MY
p urio business, my old quartern on Market
su are entirely too small: I havd therefore moved
into my own building, at 524 Hayes su, between
Octavla and Laguoa. where I can now display
over four times the amount of Instruments than
formeriy ; ai I buy lor cash and in carload lot*
and have no rent to pay I can offer any one desir-
ing a piano or organ better value for less money
than any other music house in San Franclsca
■Respectfully yours, J. HARRY SCOTT.
ALL MUSICAL GOODS SOLD AT REDUCED
prices, pianos to rent and for sale cheap at
MAUVAIi/,769 Market st.
\\ AOMFICKNT STEIN WAY UPRIGHT AND
•i'J Schubert; little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van Nesss
OOD UPRIGHT CHEAP FOR CA>H.
VX SCHM [TZ, 16 McAllister, next Hlpernla Bank.
C_ I P.A BUKLED WALNUT UPRIGHT Bo*
<p LOVJ. ton make piano. BBUENN'S, 228 Post.
W~ G. Bj»DGEK, SULK AGENT FOR HALLET
.<£ Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 >ac'to
( HICKKKiNti,IvN'A.BK. STUCK. VOSK. STKR-"
V 7 ling pianos; see our new piano for $187: pianos
;or teau BENJ. CUKTAZ _ so.V. IB Fan-alt.
BY HUN iIAL/Y, Ma POST ST.— HO HAIKU.
J-* Newby >fc Kv«m. I'-rieen and other planoi.
PER lOK VIOLINS. ZITHKKK OLUi.NKW
J H. JMULLKR. maker. rpnalrer. "J I^atharoolmca.
EDUCATIONAL.
Ml SS^OLTE^sTcTK)oiT-^7^ACRX3_^^
■i st.: board; English, French, German, piano;
$30 month; coach.
CADKMY OF SCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY'
and occult sciences; pupils received: terms 8
and 1- weeks; terms reasonable. PROFESSOB
ASTROLOGY, 016 Market, room 26.
ME. MELVILLE BNYDKR, 716 POST ST.;
i»* v cal music, piano, elocution, practical shake-
speareun and general dramatic acting a specialty;
vocal class's Moniiay, 8 P. M. ; $1.
UPILS WAITED IN ENGLISH, LATIN
X and mathematics: literature a specialty. Miss
ROULSTON. 7-4 O'Farrell »v
ENGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT: ENGLISH
literature. Miss FAG-N. 427 Setter st.
IpRENCH LESSONS, PARISIAN ACCENT,
X 1 $2 month: also singing and piano taught. 108
Taylor st., room 7. .
CPAN-ISH,FKKNCH,ETC.;Prof.DEFILIPPE'S
O Academy of Languages.32o Postst:estab'd 1871
AVRJ-B', THE LEADING COLLEGE, 3-*
Montgomery St.; individual tnitruction in
(»iortbaiid, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc ;
life scholarship $50: low rates per week and mo.
OTIKHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
0 college. 723 Market st ; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and nlghu
ALMA K. HYER, PIANO. MANDOLIN BAN-
JO. 405 Geary, Rm. 17: thorough instruction
OOKKPNU, WKIT.NO, AKiIHMTC.UKAMK
day A ill-: lit: noclassea-. $5 month. 845 Mission
KOF. LOUIS MERKI: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornel, reasonable. 225 Geary, nr. Powll.
ADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
es plano,slnging,French:s3mo. R. 14, 100- Polk
MR. A MP.S. KOLA J.ER. TEACHERS MAN
dolln. guitar, banjo. 935 Market st.. opp. Mason
.. ELAfcCO'ft LYCi-UM SCUOOL OF ACTING—
• - Private theatricals arran.ed; pupils reheanod
on stage. K. 5 and 12. 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
CHUOL ELECTRIC CIVIL, MINING. ME.
O cbanlcal engtneerlnjr. surveying, architectnre-
*ss-y : eitivb. '64. VAN NAILI.EN, 72HMku
IJi<OKEHISOR G. MANSFii-i.D. TEACHER bY
I violin cultar.. mandolin, t acio. 1707 Mar eL
;{.:■_ STORAGE. ~
Tor AG K-CHEA pest IN^THITcrTY;
proof building; advances made. 211 Lark In.
L'LKNI 1 IRE. PI A NO'S TRUNKS; a!>
.r vailed. Bhiprilnrr.' » HAS. U TAYLOK.2O4 Pog>,
TV WKITEKS. "~
Ai IGRAPII.SIS: BEMINUTON, $35. BCOTT
_ BANNAN, 333 iloutjjomary iv
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1896.
HOUSES KTO LET.
©1 C M^N^HL^^rOUR^'BENT'wVLLiPAY
'J)lw for a nice 5- room cottage; bouse bnllt to
order, $lf>oo to $2000; payments $-00 to $30i>
cash, balance monthly.
E M. LONG, 3207 _2d st., corner Mission. Open
evenings after 7:3o o'clock. ■ ■ ■
IK* OX HOUSE: 6 KUOMH. BATH, BASE-
«JT_. O. meet and yard. 621 Page st.
VERSE ST., BET. EIGHTH AND NINTH,
\J Bryant And Brannan — 4 rooms and stable for
wagon and 2 horses. _^£
/CONVENIENT HOUSE 8 BOOMS; $28: NICE
\J location. . 1319 Webster St., near O'Farrell. .
HOUBE 9 BOOMS, BATH, J-JNE MARINE
view, $50. 1920 Broadway, near Laguna.
1 OOCi SUITER — SUNNY HOUSE OF 10
IOUt/rms.; bath: fine garden: rent reasonable,
Q9O 2814 LAGUNA ST.: HOUSE 6 BOOMS.
O — »-'• $14—1831 Union St.; house 4 rooms.
HEAP ELEGANT RESIDENCE; SW. COB.
\J California and Laguna sis. Go see it.
OUSES* TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN <_ HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
QtJNIiY^OD^BN c6tTAGeT6 BOOsts^AND
1. _ bath; large flower garden and cellar. 613 Grove.
QUNN V COTTAGES, 4 AND 5 BOOMS. BATH,
O basement, stable. Alleen aye., off 15th ci., nr.
Dolores. '
9W9__ MISSION— SPLENDID COTTAGE 8
O^. _: rooms and bath; yard: flower garden; $18.
EDUCED ALL THOSE NICE HOUSES ON
Geary. Sutter. Frank 'in and other streets; set
list; good tenants wauled. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st. ■
FLATS TO LET.
9]Q S E VENTIK I^bT^h7)WARd"^UPPER
-IO flat of 4 guncy rooms and bath. .-.-■;;
IF YOU WANT A NICE SUNNY FLAT, OR
X cottage, see me; I have some nice furnished
cottages to let. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
A PPKECIATKD IF SEEM CHOICE SUNNY
J\. corner: 6 big rooms: bath;. $20: water free.
Apply Drug Store, 1722 Howard su, near 13th.
O_lQ SUNNY MIDDLE FLAT 4 ROOMS,
tirXO. bath and yard. 10 Shotweil, near 14th.
OWES BAY-WINDOW . FLAT 5 LARGE
XJ rooms: yard. ; 0 Moss St., between Sixth and
■seventh, off Howard. . . ■■•..•:
Cj"l 7 UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS, BATH. 4059
OX I . Nineteenth st., between Hartford and
Castro, near two cars; apply lower flat. ' • ■ '
U.N.NY CORNER FLATS; 6 AND 7 ROOMS;
rent reasonable. 333 Haight and 780 Devisa-
dero sts.
"©"I A fTPER FLAT; 4 ROOMS, HALL AND
«JpxU. douoieparlers. 1606 Stevenson nr. 18th
&1Q NICE FLAT; 4 BOOMS. 14 MOSS
0 iO. street, bet 6th and 7tb, nr. Howard.
C; 1 7 NEW MODEKN BAY-WINDOW FLAT
0 1 I • 5 rms: bath, gas, tubs. 909 Folsom.nr.stli.
TVTEW UPPER FLAT: NORTH SIDE; SIX
Xi rooms and bath; all sunny; garden and yard.
1022 Thirteenth St.: Halght-st. cars at Scott.
L" 1 OWER SUNNY CORNER FLAT: 8 ROOMS;
XJ bath; laundry; low rent. 180J O'Farrell st.
7CM FOLSOM >T. ; ::iC_~FLAT OF 5 ROOMS
1 O *± and bath. *18: 786, 4 rooms and bath, $15.
097 CLEMENTINA ST.; COZY FLATS OF 4
Kit* I rooms; reduced to $12. ~
1 C 1 -Jl MISSION^ NBAB ELEVENTH -6
XOXtJs large sunny papered rooms; bath;
laundry.
AND 4 ROOMS; SUNNY FLATs; BATR;
garden ; $13 and $16. 1706 Post su
FRENCH FLAT, 4 ROOMS: BATH AND STA-
X I tlonary wasntubs. Twemv-third and Guerrero-
QUNNY FLAT 4 BOOMS; LARGE YARD;
cheap to small, quiet family. 828 Harrison m.
Q7 UPPER FLAT 4 ROOMS, YARD, WATER.
tS) 1 . 1111 Elm aye.. bet. Scott and Pierce sts. •
4 NICE BLX.VY KOOMS. 530 GREENWICH
eu, near Stockton. . .. •.
&9/\A TURK, RKAK — BUNNY, UP t_B
«->— V flat; ail li«ht looms; rent $12. -
"I OWEB BUNNY FLAT, 3 JANE PLACE,
J ■* off Pine st., near Mason; no car fare; $12.
ANTED— 2OU GOOD TENANTS; KENTS,
from $10 up fur flats, cottages. SPECK A
CO., 602 Market st.
ifiLATS TO KENT FOR VJSRY LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND'S, 10
.Montcornery st.
lOVK_V, SUNNY, MODERN UPPER FLAT;
J 5 rooms and bath; large yard: only $15: water
free. 4073 Twenty-third su, 100 feet from Castro;
key 4075 till lurther notice.
V KW BTKPiI FROM CITY HALL: 2 FLATS
F 6 and 6 rooms; $22 and $30. 14 Grove su
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Capp Street.
90 CAPP— B SUNNY ROOMS: NICE KITCH-
—\J en and small bedroom; furnished complete
for housekeeping.
Ellis Street.
POO ELLIS, COR. LARKIN— BAY-WINDOW,
\JOO alcove, folding-bed; gas, bath.
First Street.
T) IN CON HILL— 323 FIRST ST.. NR. HARRI-
XV son : four connecting rooms for housekeep-
ing; newly papered and cleaned; gas. water, etc.;
with American family; rent reasonable.
Fulton Street.
11 fl FULTON— 2 LARGE BUNNY HOUSE-
X-l v keeping rooms, complete; large yard; very
cheap.
ixry Mr««u
A\ Q GEARY — ENTIRELY RENOVATED:
*T-l V furnished or unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping.
Guerrero Street.
5 GUERRERO— 2 NICELY FURNISHED
rooms for housekeeping; cheap; no children.
Harriet Street.
3 HARRIET, OFF HOWARD. NR. SIXTH— 2
rooms, furnished for housekeeping: $7.
' Hayes Street.
1 74Q HAVES-LOVELY PARLORS: KITCH-
X I ttc/ en; private family; nr. park: very cheap.
'•"Wuril Street.
1 "I 49 HOWARD-2 SUNNY HOUBEKEEP-
XXtt^ ing rooms; range; bath: rent $10 to $12.
t-arkin street.
Af}C\ LARKIN-NICELY FURNISHED AND
~1 — U sunny rooms, suite or «ingie; housexeeniug
if desired. .-.;-.
Lewis Street.
"I O LEWIS, OFF TAYLOR, NR. POST— 3 OR 4
J O unfurnished sunny rooms: $1L
Mai ket Street.
1 HQ9 MABKET-2 NICELY FURNISHED
XV/OZ/ housekeeping rooms, $2 week or $7
month; In rear.
Mason Street.
£.1 1 MASON— LARGE SUNNY FUR-
OX x nlsbed rooms for housekeeping ; yard, gas,
bath.
ji 11111 a >tr«»..
90-1 MINNA, COB. FOURTH— HOUSEKEEP-
— c. x ing, very cheap: from double and single.
jilio.on «•! ■•««..
"I 033 MISSION — 4 SUITES OF NEWLY
xyj'JtJ furnished rooms far housekeeping: gas:
baths; hot and cold water free: rent $12, $14, $16
and $20; also single rooms at moderate rates.
"I v 99 MISSION — 2 OR 3 NICELY FUR-
x — £i A nlsbed rooms for light housekeeping:
gas: bath. •'
I 39ft lON-PLEASANT FLAT OF 4
XO_^U rooms for housekeeping.
'Nutotna Street.
rn-l NATOMA, COR. EIGHTH- THREE
• V'X sunny front rooms, furnished complete for
housekeeping. _^
New Montgomery «lr««u
1 OF; NEW MONTGOMERY - CHANGED
I\J*J hands and renovated; iront housekeeping
rooms: cheap.
Ninth Street.
90 NINTH. NE A~R MARKET - FRONT
£.\J suites for light housekeeping, orjslngle: grate:
gas. .
1 9.) NINTH— FBONT PARLOR SUITE, I'UR-
___ nlshed for housekeeping; other rooms
cheap. . .
OctaTla Street.
1 -103 TAVIA 1 COR. GEARY _ BAY-
L'iVO window, folding-bed: kitchen, gas.etova.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COB. MARKET. OPP. OCTAVIA—
O Front and back parlor: furnished for faousekpg.
Rausch Street.
QQ BAUSCH, COR. FOLSOM, BET. SEVENTH
00 and Eighth— Large front room and kitchen-
furnished for housekeeping: $10.
' Seventeenth Street.
qj; P;Q SEVENTEENTH — LARGE PRO XT
O~tOO room, with alcove and large closet, fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent $8.
» south Park,
1 A SOUTH PABK— SUNNY UNFURNISHED
X U housekeeping room a. :. '
- Stockton street.'
m STOCKTON — SUNNY FURNISHED
roonis for bouse-ping: 98 and $10 month.
Taylor Street. -
1110 TAYLOR— 8 OR 4 FURNISHED
XI JLv rooms and bath, all complete; cheap.
Miscellaneous.
991 GEARY. BOOM 37-ROOM AND HOUSE
——/* reniuic a^eucy ; no fee lor registering. •.
ROOMS TO LET.
California Street.
71 Q CALIFORNIA-DOUBLE BOOM: AL«O
ili/l connecting rooms. 4 beds, suitable young
men. - *
1 Q-/U California— p_F.AbANT, _unny
lii - ../ room: suitable fjr lady ; use of kitchen.
i.uur Mreo..
11Q EDDY— SUNNY SINGLE AND
HO double room for gentlemen; $6 and $10.
1 la EDDY— FRONT SUITES, NEW FUR-
±lOulture, clean sunny rooms; $5 up; also
housekeeping. - ' ;- i-.. •■ .
71 Q EDDY— I FURNISHED BOOM, LOWER
i 1 V floor, $5 per month. . ■..'.<•:'
_.IK-tth svi'«>«>>«
QHF.RMA^ ATAKTMK.NT HOUKE. ?* BTH
0 ■:.. near Market: iurniftheil and unfurnished.
I *-fr M rue*.
THK BAMONA. 130 ELLIS: MR*. KATE 8.
X MART, manager— A quiet house: rentr*lly- lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator: hot * cold water.
CO! ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
O^iX lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
~~ iif tn Street.
IAQ FIFTH — SINGLK AND DOUBLE
i I ' V rooms, $1 50 to $3 per week.
'JO- FIFTH— "CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE-
O~U keeping; 2 $10, 3f13; single. $6.
-illniore Street.
9OOK FILLMORE— I FURNISHED ROOM;
_l '_ »J with or without board. •
tear.v Street.
Of 7 GEARY— 3 SUNNY EOO_[3 IN REAR;
_. L i cottage; key premises. ■
A 1 Q GEARY— FURNISHED PAB-
_:x t/ lors: suites or single: entirely renovated. '
Guerrero Street. '
O<ni\ GUERRERO. BET. EIGHTEENTH AND
O_-V Nineteenth— 2 pleasant sunny rooms for
man and wife; pleasant location; terms reason-
able.
HuUlliil MIDI).. .
000 HOWARD — LARGE BUNNY SINGLE
U— rooms: gas; bath: quiet and reasonable.
1 i.)- 1 H WARD — LARGE BAY-WINDOW
XZ. O~± room for 1 or 2: cheap.
1 Q.f\U HOWABD— 3 OB 4 SUNNY FRONT
X QUO rooms.
■louri Strewt.
907 .'">'"-THt VAX WISKI.Ii:: NEW
jC\j I Diioufmcnt: elecant tunny unite* and
tingle; cgwly turnlsbe<l: bath, etc.: *lo to asu.
-■ «»niy iroo..
OQ KEARNY-NICKLY FURNISHED BOOMS;
— O terms reasonable: quiet house.
'JA KEABNY— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS. PAR-
O\J ticulariy suitable for gentlemen; electric
lights. .■» ■ ■ - -
. I.LINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEAKNY —
t\ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect: terms reasonable.
Leaven won Ii Street.
Q1 A LEAVEN WORTH, BET. ELLIS AND
Oil Eddy— Elegant front sunny suite: suitable
lor couple or 2 gentlemen; upper flat: no children.
Al 1 LKAVKNWOKTH— S UN N V HALL
tt-Lx room; bath and gas; $6. •
•i.kikt' .Ht«o..
■yOSEMITR HOUSK 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night, 36c to $1 : week. $1 50 to 95: families.
AicAUisier Street.
J99 MCALLISTER- LA BGE SUNNY FRONT
ti_.._i room; running water; gas bath.
Minna Street.
f*(*ij MINNA, COR- EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
-00 I nlshed bay-window rooms; *1 per week.
>iutJi Street.
900 NINTH —FINE CORNER BAY-WIN-
ZiOO don- room, with grate: bath.
u'i-irell aneet.
•I 99 O'FA BBELL— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
1— room: elegantly furnished; all conveni-
ences: reasonable.
097 O'Farkell-sunny single ROOMS
m— I nicely furnished, $4, $6 month.
-•om street.
710 POST— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM*;
I ID en suite or single; private hath: $6 to $20.
luwell Street.
919-214 POWELL (WILLISFORtn— EX-
Ax** tirely renovated throughout; newly fur-
nished rooms: en suite or single: terms reasonable.
9V?; POWELL, COR. GEARY— SUNNY R iOM
—,_.«J newly fur.: $8; also large sunny cor. room.
Prospect Place. -
91 C PROSPECT PLACE.' BET. POWELL
_. 1 0 and Stockton, Pine and California ata.—
Nice, sunny, furnished rooms to leu
sevuntn Street. •
"I AC) SEVENTH- PLEASANT ROOMS FOR
-L J — housekeeping; also single rooms.
M-ill- r#«e..
■19- SIXTH — CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
__.«> nicely fnrnlshtd double and single rooms.
Stockton Street.
•L7UROPEAN (THE). 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
Xli nlshed suites, $4 to $10 jingle rooms, $1 50 to
$3 week: &00 to $2 night: hot and cold running
water In every room: baths; elevator; transient.
-1 Q STOCKTON, NEAR BUSH — FINELY
«-l J. Otf urnished suite and single rooms; private
family.
- tuner Tree..
QOQ PUTTER— FURN. ROOMS OR SUITES,
QUO «1 -5 to $10 wit: night 2fic to $1 60: transl.
r. (\<y SUTTER, COB. TA YLOR-KLEGANTLY
I \JO newly furnished «unny rms. : suite or single.
I_i ior Street.
140 TAYLOR— NEWLY FURNISHED BUN-
-1 "i •/ ny rooms: reasonable.
PL! C* TAYLOR— NEWLY FURMSHEU »UN-
OX U ny single and double rooms; private family.
ft! 9 TA\L.»R— 2 SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
1 — also suite: rent reasonab c.
! 'lehauna Street.
Q9 TEHAMA ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
O_ rooms; private family.
'third snte:
q-1 7 THIRD-LARGE SUNNY CLEAN SMB.;
OX I double or single: day, week or month.
1 uik Street.
TOO TURK-SUNNY FUBNISHED BOOM:
i— O suitable lor a gentleman; $5 per month.
Twelfth Street.
3 SUNNY FRONT BOOMS; UNFURNISHED.
122 Twelfth a;., bet. Mission and Howard sis.
Miscellaneous.
SUNNY FURNISHED FLOOR OF 4 ROOMS;
bath; suitable gentlemen. Address B. iJ., box
76. all Office.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
7^7~KLLIB°— ELEGAXTJUY FURNISHED
101 parlors or single; use of piano; boari op-
tional
A 1 9 EDDY — LOVELY FRONT. BUNNY
rtl — room. » itb board for 2 : $45.
no 1 - CLAY, Nit. DKVISADEKO— SUNNY
-OLi/ room: use of i«rlor: board $.5, or $40
for two; gas, bath: take Kddy-gu cars.
719 POST— SUNNY ROOM: USE OF PAR-
II— lor; for 2 young men; with board $20 each.
I F\9O CALIFORNIA — P. EASANT NEWLY
I O£i\J furnished parlors and other rooms; board
optional. . _■-.
Ol GOLDEN GATE AVK.— SUNN V FRONT
OXO and single room: board; references.
LJ 01.... i,i.,.iu.Mi, .14 i-U_H— A FAMILY
XL liotei: relerenc«t «l veu _uu <*<iuirti4; «v inoa*
< i" < r.riv»»nlen'<"x. '^
CHILDREN BOARDED.
TTXPEBIENCED NUBSK WISHES AN IN-
XI fant to board: $10 per month. 2919 Sixteenth.
EBP_CTaBLE LADY WISHES CHILDREN
to board or an infant to raise on the bottle:
mother's care given. Apply -08 Golden Gate aye.
TM-NE COUNTRY HOME FOR A CHILD- $7
J? per month. Address A. B. box 99, Call office.
Oakland. ,
.WIDOW WOULD LIKE 1 OR 2 CHILDREN
1' (1 to 6 years) to board. '■ 809 Bakfrau ..-•■■
_ _ _ STORES TO LET. ;
>f T^nT KE^ABnIt— L A Rcfli^TlGHT^^'KsinA^
t: 1 " tie store; occupied at present by pay in
restaurant: low rent. Apply on premises, room 34.
O' CLEMENTINA ST.-BTOHE, 4 ROOMS :
— O bar fixtures: cheap rent.
QIIOEMAKEBSHOPTO LET ON ACCOUNT
0 of death; old established. 505 Lyon, nr. Grove.
STORE, WITH S BOOMS, HE. COR. OOLDE
Gate aye. and Webster st.; choice location for
drugs or». • ■ :
offices to _.et. "•"
ifyAWFOHIiiAAXD TeTd ESD^rVfTITaND
\J L. and G. buildien— Sunny offices: light, water
heat and janitor services free: electric elevator-'
rent from $10 up. Apply 423 California st. '
VINE OFFICES: 23 KEARNY bT.; SUITa"
1 ble for any business.
SI'Kr.CKKU) • BUILDING. 5,7 MARKET—
Elegant snnnv offices. $12 50 up; electnc-iuht;
beating and janitor service free. Apply at bulldlu '
nr U. H. UMBBEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery m -. .■
_.. TO LEASE. _
"U'OB "BKNT^Oitt^LE^SK^s°o-vXra LOT BE,"
X cor. I'oik and Jackson sts.; tent $50 per
mouth. Ad-cM J. a.. 4_7 Ha-somn su, tt. _'.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
AM. BPECK & CO., 602 MAKKET^SIC
• Solid and paying Investments.
Q Ofk A CASH. $1500 IN MONTHLY PA
wOUU mehts same ai rent, boys that lovely 6-
room cottasre half block from ICisaion-sl cars: this
property is sold to sails ly mortgage.
©_>7P:fV 3 NICK FLATS ON LEAVES.
rjjjOlOU. worth st.; all rented; pays 10 per
cent net; half cash.
©QAf] CASH, 81200 ON MORTGAGE, BUYS
tITCJVM/ 2 nice flats near the U. S. Mint; don't
wait but see us immediately.
©1 nOO, cash, $3600 BANK: MORTGAGE,
<Jpjv»Vf\/ buys 3 nearly new flats; car line; only
few blocks from City Hall ; all rented; $47.
o*9oo/1 CASH. $3000 mortgage, buys
iZ)£.\J\t\J 4 flua fists, half a block from Seventh
and Market sts.; rent about $550.
<3iftnnn 8 5- room COTTAGES, with lot
tiJ)UWU. na feet front: good location: paying
over 12 cent: must seil : loss no object^
Qfinnft 8 FLATS WITH LARGE LOT; 2
tJpOV/UVf. fronts; rents $1000: near Call Office;
terms,' one-half cash ; any reasonable offer wanted.
Gfcl A (\(\(\ 5 Fl^*E FLATSON MASON ST.;
«CSJ-_ .UUU. large lot; rents over $103.
Cg_.F: OOrt BUSINESS PROPERTY NEAR
«2?-i U.UUU. Fourth and Market sts.; rents
$4000.
; SPECK & CO., 60-J Market st.
READ THIS! BEST BUSINESS CORNER ON
the Han Leandro road and main street to
Fltchbur? station; sue 100x100; cheap at $20
per front foot.
"RESIDENCE CORNER, 100x100, 2 BLOCKS
Xt from the San Leandro road; streets graded
and graveled; price $600. »
BUSINESS CORNER AT FITCHBURO STA-
tlon; frontase to suit at $15 per front foot.
ONE ENTIRE BLOCK, 200x600: WILL SUB-
divide into 48 building lots: a good buy to hold
or retail at once to home-seekers.
BEST GARDEN LAND IN ALAMEDA
County, for sale and to rent: will grow flowers,
fruits and vegetables to perfection; splendid
chance to start a nursery and grow cut flowers for
the market.
fjTHER BARGAINS ON THE BEST STREETS
\J In the best situated locality for a crowing town
outside the city limits of Oakland: low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc.
TUaD. 8. FITCH. Fitchburg.
W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery St.. S. F.
CHOICE HOME LOTS, $350. ' ', ~
I I an sell you choice building lots for $350,
to be paid in Installments Of $5 cash and $5
monthly. The street work is all done;
uraded, sewered and macadamized. Call or
send lor a diagram. Installment lots a
specialty.
E. M. LONG, 8207 Twenty-second st,, cor. of
Mission. Open evenings after 7:80 o'clock.
4 ROOMS, BATH, NEW; $50 CASH. $15 PER
month. D. PRATT, Frultvale station; THE
MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market St., San i rancisco.
C. BEMIS, ~
• HEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTUOMKRY3T.
FOR SA L -:
$2600— E. slrt» of Stanyan su, bet. Carl . and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
$450— San Carlos Villa lot; 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park; 26x187 feet; electric road passes houses;
make offer.
$8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choicn building lots north of park.
Bargain— SW. cor. Fifth ay. and C St.: 109x95 ft.
GOOD INVESTMENT: PACIFIC HEIGHTS;
2 now houses; all modern Improvements;
lighted by electricity or cas; will sell cheap; line
marine vlew:conservaiory. FlUmore and Green sts.
JyfISSIUN COTTAGES.
In the warm b*lt near terminus of Howard-st.
cars nt 24th at. and Fotrero aye. : all street work
finished; terms to suit. F. NELSON, builder,
$21100— Five-room cottage.
$1800— Four-room cottage.
1660— Four-room cottage.
"L" 1 0 R SALE- KLEGANTNEW MODERN RES.
-L idences situated on Gongh st.. near Broadway;
contain 8 to 12 rooms, all in. dern conveniences:
fine view; good neighborhood: complete sUvet
work; these bouses should be seen before pur-
chasing elsewhere; terms easy: houses open.
I UCID EXPLANATION OF SIXTEEN TO
XJ one, that Republicans. Democrats and Popu-
lists all agree upon: that all can get fair bargains
In real estate at PATTERSON'.--, 2 Valencia su
Q^OO CASH, Balance same as rent,
<p»Jv/Vf for a new house on east *ide of Cole st.,
near Waller: 8 rooms and bath; Jarze 10t25x125;
all modern Improvements. Apply on premises.
übstan'iial modern HDUMis built:
$150 to $*J75 a room: parties contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
r,A ACKElT^lltS^^LA^S^RiuTF.tXN'cH'
*J\t highly Improved; an ideal home; 2 miles
from Oakland : to exchange for San Francisco,
Alameda, Berkeley, San Jose or Oakland property.
300 acres, near t toe* ton; magnificent .rain ranch;
fine house, 14 rooms an- onthuiidihss: to ex-
change for San Francisco, Stockton, Berkeley or
Oakland property. A first-class Kansas farm; 160
acres: new bouse, barn, etc.: nicely improved: Al
In every particular; to exchange for California
property. Fine orange grove, trees 8 years oid, to
exchange for San Krancisco or Oakland property.
J. a MYErtS, 100, roadway, Oakland.
YOB EXCHANGE, NEAR LOS GATOS, A
X 1 choice orchard home for good clear property in
Ban Francisco or Oakland. Address box 298, Los
Gatog, C-i. - ' -
SISN 1) FOKOUR LIST OF ORCHARD Ho. M__
0 forsala. WOOMTEK A WHITTON. San Joss.
I>)<|| ACKKS 1... Bfc.lt La.Ma lir.itN CO.;
1 _.t" ' » a r: ripe -o.- car ip-r ng. y..hx,l6.Cail
MONEY TO LOAN.
<£ 1 O ( \ ( 1 (\ O AT "LOW E ST B ATES • C IT Y
isX\J\J.\i\J\J and Oakland: life insurance,
bankbooks, stocks ami honds-i estates: any sum.
BHAIXWAI.D. BUCKBEf.&CO.. 218-220 Montgy
ADVANCES ON DIAMOND^ WATCHES,
A jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moviU; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWJ-LHIT
SUCRE. H4a Market st. ; open evenings.
MONEY LYING JOLK: TAKE AT $5 INTEtt-
'•Rt per month tor each Clt'OO; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or lif insurance. Coin, bos '£, Gall.
ONUY LUANJ__> O.V JKW_i,_i : AND
other valuables at the Fecurlt/ Loan Offl
Illl6Markeiat..nr. Mason: privata entrance 7 i'ur_
i NY AMOUNT: IST, __» or 3D MUKTUAUK3
jrV. estates, nndlvldcd interests, real estate in urn-
bate. JIa'OIiHA.N. 24 Montconerv, room 3.
OANS ON FURNIIURE AND PIANOS
without removal: low Interest. R. 3, 215 Powell
DVAN'CESON DIAMON Us.JEW ELK ETC
Colombia Loan <fc Collateral Office. » i.ram ava.
I JIRECT ON VOUK FL'KNITUKK OH PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68. Donohua bide. 1170 Market -k.
ONE\ TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE,
— cK' /EN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
(SiA^. 000 OR LESS TO LOAN ON CITY
<IpT«-).UUV'. improved leal estate at 7 per cent
per annum. M. B. LEVY, 30 Montgomery st.
<tU?\A UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 2D MORT-
'F''" gages: Int. In es'ates. MURPHY.B2B rut
PAWNBROKERS.
WIBE i AND "HAVE iNTEBEST; MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Bate Loan and se-
curity office, r. 7, Flood : entrance SOt) Mkt.
AT I_6 KKAHN »'i\. HOOM 9— -MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.: low rates;
private rooi_ elevator: pledges for sale ch»ap.
IINANCIAL.
CS T^ fl f\f\ (\f\ TO IX) AX A SLOW^s"iBANKa
<p.I 'JU.WU\J Apply rm ___. Cul.-ate nep.Bldg.
PROPOSALS.
R^O^£^BlfbV'wf'XßETaS:ETvE 7 D < AT
the office of the Registrar of Voters, City Hall,
for the printing or the Precinct Heelsterj to be
used at Hie election to be held November 3, 1896,
In accordance with a resolution adopted Septem-
ber 14. 1896.
All bids will be opened at a meeting of the
Board of Election Commissioners on the 21st day
of September, 1596. at 10 o'clock a. m.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certified
cbeck. payable 10 the oider of the chairman of the
Board of election Commissioners, for tbe sum of
Five Thousand Dollars (SSUOO).
W. M. HINT ' -.. Heglstrarot Voters.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
mENTH' INSTALLMENT ASSESSMENT NO-
-1 tice— The San Francisco and San Joaquin Val-
ley Ball way company. Location of principal
place of business City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California. -Notice Is hereby given
that at a meeting of the board of directors held on
the 25th day ot August, 1896. an assessment of
ten ($10) dollars per hare was .levied upon the
capital stock of the corporation, payable immedi-
ately to the : Bank of California, treasurer of said
corporation, at the office of said treasurer, north-
west corner of Haniome and California streets, In
the City and County of Han Francisco, State of
California. : Any stock upon which this assess-
ment shall remain unpaid on the tw«n:y-»lxth day
of September, 1896, will be delinquent and adver-
tised for sa'e at public auction; and unless pay-
ment is made before, will be sold on the fifteenth
ciay of October, 1846. to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costs of advertising and ex-
penses of sale. By order of Board of Directors.
• ALEXANDER M A CKIE, Secretary.
. _21 Market street, City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California. '
attorneys-
"^^VlcS^HKS^Di^SuCE^AWS^^SPßV^
xx ally s private: do charge unless s-cceaafol: all
law suits, claims, collection*, wills, deeds, eta, at-
tended to. C W. HUNVE. atl'y-at-law, 850 Marliat.
VJOAH F. FLOOD, LAWYER, 536 PARROTT
-i-\ bulldin-; consultations free: moderate tees.
INGORE _ MALCOLM, ATTORNEYS AT
law. room 431 Parrott building (Emporium).'
DVICFFREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUU-
cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market sc
W F. ARAM, A IT'Y-Al-I_VW, SBI PARROTT
' » . bldg. Practices in all courts -.charges moderate
. W.KING, ATTOKNKY-AT-LAW CHRON.
• Ida blag; ad vie* free; moderate; open evng> |
COUNTBY REAL ESTATE.
POR SALE, SUBJECT TO INVESTIGATION
X and favorable bond, at reasonable figures, four
quartz claims and 160 acres gravel. Address
Mines, box 66, Placervllle. - __| ._
L ARMIXU ■ THAT PATS— OO CWT. HORSE
X beans per acre, 25 tons green corn per acre, 60
tons pumpkins per acre, 1-00 bushels onions per
acre are crops actually raised on land of Steele
Estate; richest land in California: in tracts from
s. acres up; also grain and dairy land: price to
suit the times: terms to suit the buyer: don't buy
poor land the best Is cheapest. D. D. BARNARD.
Edna, San Luis Oblspo Co., cal.
rpo RENT — SATHEB RANCH, CONTRA
X Costa County, on ban Pablo Creek, 8 miles
from Berkeley; 1150 acres Of land, well watered
and .wooded: about 350 acres good grain land;
balance excellent pasture; suitable for milk or
stock ranch; has railroad facilities. R. E. BOW-
LAND, Orinda Park. . .
rilO LEASE— S36 ACRES, BAY POINT STA-
-I- tlon, Contra Costa. MISS NEELY. 1614 Bush.
rro BEST— ORCHARD WITH NICE
X house and barn; fronting the Oakland and San
Leandro electric road; also a large tract ot land
in the hills. DRIVER, AB4B & CO., San
Leandro, Alameda County. - *
\\r ANTED— TO RENT. RANCH WITHIN 100
'» miles of San Francisco: 30 to 80 acres; part
fruit. Address M. J. CABLSOM, Menlo, cal.
ASSIGNEES SALE. '. • '
300 acres choice level fruit and vegetable
land uear Pleasamon, Alameda County ; l\,~ hours
from San Francisco; In tracts of 10 acres upward;
from $20 per acre. Boom 67, chronicle building,
San Francisco.
ANCH WANTED TO BENT; ABOUT 20
acres, with, small house, not over 10 miles
from San Jose. Give terms, etc., to W. T. A., box
9, Call Office, - -
|?OR SALE, TO CLOSE ESTATE— 2.VAC«E.S,
X elegant orchard and home, in best part of Niles
and Centerville fruit district; crop this year 110
tons, sold to Earl Fruit Co. for Eastern shipment:
no fair offer refused; buildings and equipment ex-
cellenu Estate, box 85, Newark.
rpHK FINEST HOC* RANCH IN THE STATE
Will be leased for a term of years, or the rleht
party can secure a half Interest in a good paying
ranch property, as the present owner is not able to
give it the attention it requires; this property is
well Improved and well located and capable of car-
rying several thousand head of bogs the year round.
For particulars address X. V.. box 60, Call Office.
NY ONE WANTINU A iiA>CH FOli
grazing purposes, or. an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay Is required,
balance In 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery st.
ITTLE HOMES, CLOSE TO TOW ft , IM-
proved: easy terms; also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City: every Monday at 632 Market st., S. F.
TT ALFSKCTIONOFUOOD LAND IN TULARE
XX county, for improved or unimproved property
In Berkeley or San Francisco. Address A, box 87
Call Officfe. .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— gOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND IIKAL ESTATE. "
BARGAIN; $250; CHICKEN BANCH; LARGE
. stock poultry and pigeons: with Improve-
ments: lon_ lease. Inquire Postoflice for LOUIS
ISAACS' place, Upper Fruitvale.
<5?1 (\(\(\ l-E-8 THAN VALUE.
<p_LUUU Price $2300: lot 100x120: corner: 8
blocks to electric cars' a.'id local station; cottage 4
rooms; almost new: terms $700 cash.
$1800— cost $2700: cottage 6 rooms: bath: nearly
new; modern throughout; street work and Im-
provements complete; near school; electric cars
and local; 8200 cash, balance mortgage; first
come, first served.
$1000 discount: price only $2600: 2-story
house, 10 rooms, 2 flats: modern; lot 45 ft front,
on principal s.net. near business center: this is
a rare bargain ;eeing is believing: call and ex-
amine.
$10,'"00 discount : business corner. 100x100; half
Improved: the corner lot is vacant: present in-
come, $960 per annum; must be sold; any offer
above mortgage, $15,400, accepted: $3000 cash
J. 8. MYERS,
. 1002 Broadway, Oagland.
rOK SALE— AT HIGHLAND PARK, COR.
X I Nineteenth aye. and Twenty-fifth st. lotl4ox
850 feet; house of 10 rooms; grounds in lawn, or-
mental and fruit trees. Address CHARLES C.
BE MIS. 3-4 Montgomery su
©l^nn ASY TJvBMS; A. BARGAIN;
IO\J\J, chicken ranch: 4-room bouse; well
good ' water; 1 acre; Piedmont. WM. P. TODD,
1002 Brondway, Oakland.
\ I V ____iALi"Y IS '
iVI HOUSE-RENTING IN
OAKLAND.
2 story modern 9-room bouse $25
1-story modern 6-room cottage - . 16
Upper sunny modern 7-room flat 16
AND -800 MORE.
WM. M. DeWolf. House-broker and Bent Col-
lector, 1050 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LEI. -
THK ARLINGTON, NE. COR. NINTH AND
Washington sts., Oakland: a few choice suites
can now be obtained; table unexcelled; reasonable
rate*: unquestioned respectability.
Oakland furniture FOX SALE.
"uTe^XiPdiamon jds~ bY j pa^b7JnTzinoTh
TT WCHELLHAAH. furniture-dealer. llth.OaKld
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
AM Xl) A REAL ESTATE.
lijX^XA REDUCED FROM «6UOO FOR THE
«Ir«'— O\J. next 10 days only, that beautiful
new house of 7 large rooms, laundry and bath,
south side of Central aye., near Oak st.: nickel-
plated plumbing, beautifully frescoed, plate glass,
cement, basement, etc. ; see this: open for inspec-
tion. ci. is. M. AY, 463 Ninth St.. Oakland.
rnwo FLATS, 5 ROOMS EACH: LOT 50x1^0;
X northwest corner: streets improved; net in-
come, $38 per month: priie, $3760; artesian well
supplies several families. T. F. BaIRD, real es-
tate and Insurance, 1363 Park St., Alameda, Cal.
Ci'>J $50 CA*H. $25 MONTHLY: NEW
«jP — ~iO\J, cottage of 5 rooms: large lot, 60x
125, situated close to Bay-st. station.
$2750— Handsome new cottage of 6 rooms and
brth, now building: your terms are ours.
$2500— Cottage of 6 rooms and bath; pretty
garden: clone to CliestnnusU station,' narrow-
gauge railroad; lot 4Ux140; a pretty home; easy
terms.
special bargains In lots; houses and stores to let
from $10 up.
Office open Sundays and holidays. MARCUSE
& REMMEL, Bay-sw station (broad gauge), Ala-
meda. • •
San Fr»nclsco office, 628 Market st.
11 OR SALE— ' ' [
1 House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye. : house 4
rooms. Grand st. ; cottage 6 rooms, Everett si.:
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
Ban _ rauclaco property. Apply
fc ASTON, ELDB IDG E & CO..
638 Market st.,
■ San Francisco, Cal.
0 ACRES OF LAND IN ALAMEDA FOR
[M sale at a bargain: must be sold: land high and
dry; can be cut up into lots; please call ana in-
spect, .T. F. BAIBU, 1303 Park St., Alameda.
L;i'|||l LOT 50x150; GOOD LOCATION;
rjpUUU. easy terms.
$1800—33x160; cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
easy terms.
$2100— 50x150: house of 7 rooms and bath.
$5000—50x150; house of 8 rooms and bath.
' BEST LOCATION.
To exchange for San Francisco property: house
Of 7 rooms and bath; corner lot; cen. rally located.
Houses to let in all parts of Aiameda: office open
Sundays and holidays. Alameda Land Company,
1500 Park St., A ameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
INE CORNER; 130x75: $5000 MORTGAGE
price, inside 50 days, to save cost rents at .0
per month. 2247 Channlng way, Berkeley.
<-)*)(\l\ NEAR THK STATION; STREET
— — \J\J. work all done: house of 6 rooms,
bath, etc: lot 45x125; a bargain. JOSEPH J.
MASON, Berkeley, adjoining bank. ;
GOOD hUiIM Jblltt lih,Nr OK FOR «A__
on easy ttrtrrv O. G. MAY A CO.. real estate,
building anil loans. _HB3 O»nt»r nr.. Ri»rtc«»l*v.
BERKELEY HOUSES.-^- y.
IjiOß RENT, NEWLY FURNISHKTi COT%
'tage 6 rooms, lath and garden, $20. 1a 32
Berkeley way. Fast Berkeley. -
DENTISTS. ~ ~~~~
pROOME DENTAL AS.~O_lA^t7o'n7^S9~M^U?
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, $1; plates, $5 up: fill, *1 up.
I iH. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET BT\~
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whei
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60o: gas given.
T\R. -_OH.wj_ W. LEEK, TriK GENUINE
XJ ■ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of - improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved -from 6 to 20 o'Farrellat.
Y'ULL SET OF TEiiTH, $7; WARRANTED
X I five years: extraction, 60c.; fillings, 50c;
crowns. $3 60. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
]/< IKBT-CLASS4 DE.STISTRV; FIRST-CLASS
X) prices: first-class results; painless extraction:
Tel. Main 5375.. W.C. HARDING, M.D.. 600 butter
1 \K.JU i. 1 KAN ii— E_l IK ACTION PAINLKoi.
XJ crown . work, bridge work «nd teeth wlthoaj
plates a specialty. 103 Geary at,, cor. Grant ava.
<I|j7 A >ET FOR tjcktk: Warranted ah
tip I good as can be made: limn? *1. Dr. sI.MM.i.
CtntUu 830 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60cl CROWN
bridge wort a specialty; plates, $5 op: 18 rears
*j:pcrt«;>c«. B. L. WALSH. D,D.S.. «15»4 Geary.
4 LL, WORK TO SUIT.TjME3:WAKBANTED.
-TL DR. KEA, 1870 Market st., front City Hall.
DR. DUCKKTT, 1703 POsT ST., NEAR BO-
cnanan; gas given: crown and bridge wort
ALL ■ WOBK REASON ABLK AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1123 Market st. ■
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A r__i_ -U&. if.
O. YOUNO, 1841 Polk su
I \H. J. j. l.k.h.K. I*os MAKKKI'.COK. GOLDEN
XJ Oai« ave.— Uu-u «vttiiLaii M ; - kiUiniHvs till noon.
PROFESSIONAL , CARDS.
FRANK SHAY, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW. ROOM
J? 421. fourth floor, Parrott building (Emporium).
JOHN E. xiICH AKDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
O 26 and 27, Crocker building; telephone Main
75, San Francisco. Cat
JOHN K. AIT—EN AND MAUKICK 1. A.SHER.
*} attys at law, rma 515.516. 5 h tioor. Parrott bid;.
iIARKIAOE LICi-NSJ_S.
The following marriage licenses were Issued b/
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
Martin F. Joyce and Nellie Devers. 28—27.
Olarence G. Herrick and Rose J. Davies. 22—31.
John J. Greancy and Hannah Cull. 30—32.
John Fitzpatrlck and Annie McDonald, 33— 28.
Anton Rulfi and Ella Mayer, 20—22.
Joseph Miller and Felicita ScilUo. 39—26.
Fred J. Baumel and Emma L. Bernhard.37—
Michael J. Judge and Mary Laney, 37—32. '
John C Jackson and Nellie A. Enright, 23—23.
Henry F. Striesel and Mary J. Gaston, 26—23.
John Furey aad Georgie M. Kemp. 42—33.
Daniel W. Johnston and Fannie Kelly, 28—26.
Charles S. Grey and Florence S. Exley, 41—27.
. Robert O'Neill and susle Ferry. 21— 19. - - ..
XH_ UIVOKC- K_,COlv_».
Complaint filed: "
Blanche E. Brodle against Charles A. Brodie.
Divorce granted: ■
Bertha A. Rowland from Thomas J. Rowland,
for extreme cruelty; byJurige Sanderson.
BSKTfIi— MARRIAGES— DMTHS,
fßirth, marrlaie and death notices sent by mail
will not be Inserted. They mus be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published. J
BORN.
GOLCHER— in this city, September 13, 1896, to
the wife of H. C Golcher, a son.
KOHN-in this city. : September 15, 1893, to the
wife of Arthur Kohn. a son.
LEEBODV_i this city. September 13, 1896,
to the wife of William E. Leeoody, a son.
BTOI.L— In thts city. September 15, 1898, to the
wife of a. H. stoil, a son.
SIARRLK D.
FICHTEK— in this city. September 12,
1896. by Judge Barry, Tony Ehret and Jennie
Flchter, both of San Francisco.
GBUENBERG— HEUERMAN— In this city, An*-
ust 26, 1896, by Judge Groezlnger, Arthur
Gruenberg and Maxgot Heuerman, both of San
Francisco.
JOHN3ON-WRIGHT— In Oakland, September
14, 189 d, by the Rev. J. M. Van Every, Will R.
Johnson and Bozlnez E. Wright, both of Oat-
land.
SMITH— O'BRIEN— In San Jose. August 26,
1896, Harry B. Smith and May E. O'Brien,
both of San Francisco.
~~ -__!>. '•
Andrews, Robert Hazel, Emma
Bush, George D. Johnston, John
Buchanan, Robert Lannon, Patrick
Coxen, Charles W. Lacour, Marlon
Campbell. Sarah E. Milcovich, Pletro
Charlebols. F. Youi Moore, John E.
Clarke. Margaret Meuk. Joseph J
Clark. Henderson Riley, Owen
Dan forth, Ida N. Shea. Mary L,
Debol, Isabella Helena Summers, William H.
Dean, Frank M. Trabbold, Mamie
ANDREWS— In "Stockton, Ca!., September 15,
1896, Robert Andrews, a native of Cornwall
England, a,'ed 42 years.
BUSH— At Hunters Point, South San Francisco,
September 14. 1836, George D. Bnih, beloved
husbaud of Annie Bush, uncle of Mrs. William
Richards, and brother-in-law of the late Michael,
Thomas and William Clancy, a native of Ger-
many, a<ed 64 years.
*S*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from his late,
residence, Hunters Point, South San Francisco,
thence to All Hallows Church, corner Fifteenth
avenue and N street south, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing a: 10 o'clock
a. it Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BUCHANAN— In Richfield Springs, N. V., Sep-
tember 13, Robert Buchanan, aged 77 years.
COXEN— In Jienlo Park, CaL, September 15,
* 18.98, Charles W., beloved husband of Meta
Coxen. anl brother of John Coxen, a native of
London, England, ai?ed 41 years and ts niontns.
JB£S"The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. _.
CAMPBELL— In San Lorenzo. September 14,
1898. Sarah E. Campbell, a native of California,
aged 21 years 2 months and 20 days.
CHARLEBOIS— OaKland, September 14. 1896,
F. Youi CharleboH a native of Oakland, aged 17
'years 1 month and 3 days.
CLARKE— In this city, September 14. 1896. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Charles Clarke, and
mother of John, Charles and Ellen Clarke, and
sister of Mrs. Ellen Burvis and Stephen Blake.
a. native of S. Louis, Mo., aged 42 years.
Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 8:30 *. if., from her late resi-
dence. 6U9 Howard street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
commencing at 9 o'clock a. it. Interment Mouut
Calvary Cemetery.
CLARK— In Oakland, September 15,1898. Hen-
derson, beloved son of Mr- and Mrs. H. Clark of
San Francisco, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 months and 5 days. -
DANFORTH— Nevada City, September 13,
1596, Ida N.. dearly beloved daughter of A. J.
and A. E. Dan forth, and sister of George and
Lizzie Danforth, a native of Nevada County.
DSBOI— In this city, September 14, 1896. Isa-
bella Debol, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
month and 23 days.
DEAN— In this city, September 12, 1896, Prank
M. Dean, beloved husband of . Eugenia Dean,
father of Charles W. Dean, and son-in-law of
Mrs. C. Ball, a native of Manchester. England,
aced t;o years and 11 mouths. [Manchester
(Eniland) papers copy.
j(S*Friend3 and acquaintances are respeo
f oily invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at - o'clock p. m*., from the par-
lors of A. W. Martin A Co., 118 Geary street.
HAZEL— in this oltv. September 14. 1898, Emma,
beloved wife of Ely Hazel, a. native of New
York, used 40 year*.
Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lon of H. -C Porter & Co.. 122 Eddy street,
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
JOHNSTON— In this cltv, September 13, .1898,
John Johnston, beloved husband of Annie/John-
stob, and father of Charles, Frederick and Ethel
Johnston, a native of Canada, aged 49 years 9
months and 19 days.
d^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DaY
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from his
late residence, 1035 De Haro street, near Twenty-
third. .
LANNON— In this city, September 14,1893. Pat-
rick Lannon, a native of County Roscommon,
Ireland, aged 61 yearn. «
SST Friends and acquaintances are rsspect-
fnliy Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. x.. from h t* lata
residence, 43tiB Jessie street, tiience to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of bis soul, comuiencin;
at 9 o'clock a. v. Interment Mount Calvary
cemetery.
LAC OCR— In this city, September. 14, 1898,
Marion Laconr. a native of San Francisco, aged
3 years 11 months and 12 days.
MILCOVICH— In Oakland, September 14, 1896,
Pietro Milcovich, a native of Mercine, Austria,
aged 41 years and 27 days.
MOOKE— In this city, September 14, 1896, John
E., beloved husband of Annie K. Moore, a native
of Watertown, N. V., aged 37 years 11 months
and 14 days.
- Friends »nd acquaintances are respsct-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of 11. C. Porter A Co., 122 Eddy street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Ceraeterv.
MEUK— In this city, September 15. 1896, Joseph
J.. beloved son of Charles and Lizzie Menk, a
native of San Francisco, aged 6 months and 6
days.
BILEY— this city, September 15, 1896, Owen,
beloved husband of the late Catherine Riley,
and lather of Mary T., Katie C, Thomas E.,
"William F. and Joseph P. Riley, and brother or
Mrs. A. Flanagan. Mr*. William Martin and
Mrs.. P. H. Fallen of Pleas*nton. a native of
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 46 years-
49* Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9:15 o'clock a. m.. from his
late residence. &an Bruno road, opposite Five-
mile House, thence- to All Hallows Church,
where a requiem high mast will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock a. it. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
SHEA— In this city. September 15, 1896, Mary
L. Shea, a native of South Carolina.
Remains at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Meizler, 636 Washington street.
SUMMERS— In Oakland, September 13. 1896,
William Henry Summers, beloved husband of
Rose Summers, and father of Belle, Mac, J. M.,
W. H.. A- J., C F. and F. P. summers and Mrs.
W. H Stanley, a native of Philadelphia, Pa.,
aged 68 years 2 months and 16 days.
. ear Friends nnd acquaintances are resnect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. "if., from sit.
FrancU d* Sales Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
rep > c his soul.
TBABBOLD— In thtscUr, ' September 15, 1893,
- Mamie, beloved wife of Waiter J. Trabbold, and
daughter of Richard - and Marzaret Walsh, and
sister of George, Annie and Kate Walsh,' a na-
tive of San Francisco, ased. 28 years 4 months
and _0 days. Buffalo, Cleveland, Brooklyn
and Wilmington papers please copy.)
&_~Fri>>iid3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-M.ORR )
(Thursday), at _ o'clock p. m., from her late
residence, *£C Clipper street, thence to St. Paul's
Church f<r services, coramenclns at 2:30
o'clock p.m. Interment; Mount Calvary - Ceme-
tery.  .'. . ■  ■ ■
— - ' "• ■■-■•■■■-• ■■■-■-.. - ■ ■...■-■.--. . ■. -
I MCAVOY A GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM .
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEME-
tery to the city; non-sectarian ;in no sen ex-
clusive: location unexcelled. Office W7 J_t_li««
novae, southeast corner of sixtu.
1314
FISTICUFFS IN
OPEN COURT
J. P. Langhorne Slaps the
Face of William H.
H. Hart.
GUILTY OF CONTEMPT.
Ordered to Appear Before Judge
Ccffey To-Day for Pun
ishment
NO ONE IS FATALLY INJURED
Missing Papsrs in the H nly Case
the Cause of Trouble Between
the Men.
What promised to be a contest for the
San Francisco attorneys' championship in
fisticuffs occurred yesterday in Judge Cof
fey's court Lawyer J. P. Langhorne landed
Ex-Attorney-General Hart Getting His Face Slapped by Attorney
Langhorne in Judge Coffey's Court.
his right duke on Counselor W. H. H.
Hart's jaw and would probably have fol
lowedwith a left swing, had not ClerK Mar
tin and Major Mhoon interposed a restrain
ing order. As it was, Judge Coffey landed a
soaker on Langhorne by adjudging him j
guilty of contempt of court, and Hart, un
der cover of the judicial diversion, got out
of range of his opponent's ready right.
The trouble occurred because of a con
troversy over the papers in the Jcshua
Hendy estate.
There has been bad blood between the
lawyers for some time. Kart represents
the nephews of the deceased, who are ex
ecutors of his will. Langhorne is the legal
adviser of Mrs. Josephine Green, a sister
of the executors, who was cut off in the
will but was subsequently awarded a $20,000
share in the estate. She is now trying to
have the executors removed, claiming they
are mismanaging and wasting the prop
erty.
Some time ago an inventory of the es
tate was missed from tne County Clerk's
office and Langhorne was very angry
about it. He did not say Hart knew of
the whereabouts of the document, but his
manner irritated that practitioner,
regarded it as accusing. The paper was
eubsequently found. Yesterday the Hen
dy matter was up in the Probate Court.
Langhorne reported to Judge Coffey that
Mrs. Green's amended opposition to the
will was missing and asked leave to file a
copy.
Hart objected vigorously. "There has
already been too much talk about missing
papers in this case," said be.
Langhorne turned on his opponent and
asked sharply : "Do you mean to insinu
ate that what I say about this paper be
ing missing is untrue?"
"Yes, it is untrue,'"' snapped Hart in
reply.
Langhorne immediately lunged at the
other lawyer, but only succeeded in slap
ping his face with his open hand. Before
either had a chance to go any further
they were restrained and Judge Coffey at
once declared Langhorne guilty of con
tempt of court. His punishment will be
fixed this morning at 11 o'clock, when he
is ordered to appear.
CRUELTY TO HORSES.
A Contractor and a Teamster Are Ar-
rested at the Presidio and Charged
With the Offense.
E. H. Dougherty, the contractor in
charge of the grading work at the Pre
sidio, and William Smith, a teamster,
were arrested yesterday afternoon by Offi
cers Delmer and Hooper of the Society for
the Preyen-tion of Cruelty to Animals and
a posse of policemen. About 160 horses
and mules are used in the work, fifteen of
NEW TO-DAY.
A Friend
in time of stomach trouble — sf
Fred Brown's!
JAMAICA 6IH6ER. |
Relieves at once, strength- >l
ens permanently. Corrects s|
nausea and flatulence. J>§
Sold everywhere. ?=
FRED BROWN CO., Philadelphia.
wh.ch are disabled. Of these fifteen five
were found in the stables in a pitiable con
dition, while ten were being worked.
The teamsters and the contractor have
been under surveillance by the society and
by General Graliam for some time, and
many of the men wbo were driving disa
bled horses escaped when they saw the of
ficers ap*proachiu.', one man stripping off
his clothes and getting into bed under pre
tense of being iil. ihe case will soon
come to trial.
FRED DINGLE'S CRIME.
An Effort Made to Punish Him on
Kelony Charges.
At the regular meeting of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association yester
day there were present President Sonntag
and Directors Kerr, Mead, Sbarboro,
Crocker ana Derniium. The president re
ported that ex- Assistant Secretary F. H.
Dingle had been sentenced to six months'
imprisonment in the County Jail for
petty embezzlement lor stealing the asso
ciation's funds.
Director Sbarboro was of the opinion
that the punishment was not sufficient, as
the fellow had been Rtealing from the
funds for several months, until the total
had reached over ?SOO. He offered a reso
lution that the president appoint a special
committee whose duty should be to en
iea: c special counsel and prosecute Dingla
on i he other charges. Mr. Sbarboro «aid
th^l tbe offense was too grave for Din^e
to escape so easily. If justice could not be
obtained in the Police Court the case
sliouKl be presented to the Grand Jury.
Director Crocker-favored taking the case
to the latter body. After the matter had
been discussed at length it was found that
with one exception, the one on which
Dingle was convicted, all the embezzle
ments were of a petty order and upon
which Dingle could not be prosecuted for
a felony. In this way Mr. Sbarboro's res
olution failed to pass.
A YOUNG WIFE'S SUICIDE,
Mrs. E. L. Hays Takes Her Life
With a Dose of Carbolic
Acid
She Preferred D ath to a Lonely Life
Away From Her Husband.
Left a Little Baby.
Mrs. E. L. Hayes, a young and pretty
wife and mother, in a moment of sorrow
and despair, took her own life by drinking
carbolic acid, at 421 Fourth street, last
evening.
She committed the deed before her hus
band's eyes, and he, stricken with remorse
and almost insane with grief, paces the
floor of his apartments.
Hay*, who is a plumber and gasfitter,
and his wife had a quarrel about three
weeks ago, which culminated in a separa
tion. Mrs. Hays, who is but 18 years of
ace, went to live in an apartmeni.house
on Market street, ne?~ Valencia." She
tried to obtain employment, but was un
successful, and last Monday, in order to
reduce expenses, moved to more humble
quarters, at 1141 MarKet street.
She moved her trunk and baggage to her
new home, but it is evident that after
spending one day there she tired of her
lonely life and determined to ask forgive
ness of her husband.
Mrs. Hays was tbe mother of a little
girl 2 years of age, which remained, after
the separation, in its father's care. She
called at her old home for the purpose of
seeing her child and incidentally her hus
band. He entered the room in wnich the
young woman was sitting and she said to
him, 'Is it all over between us ?"
He made some remark to her, and it is
presumed answered her in the affirmative.
She asked him to excuse her for a mo
ment, and gorng into an adjoining room
procured a bottle of carbolic acid. In a
moment she returned, held the bottle up
before ncr and after saving eood-bv to
her husband swaiiowed its contents.
The powerful drutr act»d in an instant,
and Mrs. Hays feil writhing to the floor!
A physician was summoned, but he ar
rived too late— the eirl was dead. The
Coroner's office was notified and the body
was removed to the Morgue and from
there to an undertaking-shop.
Xhe youna wife had evidently been con
templating suicide for several days, as a
card on which was written. ''Everything
found on me belongs to E. D. Hays, 421
Fourth street," was found in one of her
dress pockets.
It is a pitiful case of self-destruction.
A Jittle baby girl is left motherless by the
suicide, who herself was a mere girl in
years and stature.
Chinese lottery Cages.
Woo Jack and SI Hun, Chinese merchants
were arrested by United States Marshal Bald
win yesterday on complaints sworn to by the
District Attorney. The charge is, bringing
into the United States lottery tickets. War
rants are out for eighteen other Celestials
charged with a similar offense. Some weeks
ago The Call brought this matter to the at
tention of Collector Wis^. He at once sub
mitted the facts to the department at Washing
ton, and a few days later was instructed to in
stitute criminal proceedings. The Chinese, it
is understood wifl fight me cases bitterly. con
tending that the tickets are rea'.ly not tickets
Ch&rpoer ls ' afSW eXtracU from * fam °» 8
An Old Man Uisappears
The police were notified yesterday of the
disappearance of William ureaves. 81 years
of age. He left his home, 583 Thirty
fiftb street, Oakland, on Monday. He is 5 feet
8 inches tall, clean shaven and has gray hair
He is childish in nis old age and his family
are aiiaid some accident has happened him.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, l»y<j.
HON. T. D. RIORDAN.
POPULISTS ARE
CHIMERICAL MEN
Gather to Themselves the
Long- Haired and Be
whiskered.
TWO PECULIAR BILLS.
One to Propagate Strawberries
and Another for Electric
Honey.
NATIONAL LEAGUE MEETING.
A Large Audience Containing Many
Women Attended to Hear
the Speakers.
The rooms of the National Republican
League were crowded last nicht with an
attentive audience, a large proportion of
which was composed of ladies. Senator
Tirey L. Ford, president of the league,
called the meeting to order.
In his opening remarks Senator Ford
spoke of the necessity for California to
join the Republican ranks and thus be in
condition to fully share the benefits to
flow from a Republican administration.
He referred to the Maine election and the
lesson to be drawn from it.
"Maine," said Mr. Ford, "continually
returns four able men to Congress, who,
from their long service, have acquired a
commanding influence at Washington not
possessed by any other State in the Union,
and greater than the influence of all the
States west of the Rocky Mountains com
bined.
One of Maine's Representatives is Speak
er of the House and chairman of the Com
mittee ou Rules, another is chairman oi
the Ways and Means Committee, and thus
the leader of the House; another is at the
head of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and the remaining one is chairman of the
J Committee on Public Buildings and
I Grounds. California, with seven Repre
sentatives, has but one member, Mr. Loud,
who has reached the chairmanship of a
tirst-ciass committee.
"The trouble lies with California. By
continually changing our Representatives
in Congress we lose the influence we would
otherwise have."
Senator Ford's remarks were loudly
applauded, after which he introduced
Judge J. A. Waymire, who made a sound
and well-worded address on the necessity
of protection for the products of tne
I. United States.
Colonel John P. Jackson made a witty
speech, which was frequently interrupted
with applause. He began with the propo
sition that there was something about
Republicanism that kept its votaries
younginheart.no matter how old they
might be. Some ot them who marched
under Sheridan and Grant are as young
as they ever were.
Tiie Bryan wing of the Democratic party
weut to Chicago in a Democratic wagon
and came back in a Democratic hearse.
The speaker paid his respects to the Popu
lists. They mipht not be anaichintic or
socialistic, he said, but they bad a plank
that every anarchist and socialist and —
foolist in the country stands upon. It
drew to it all the fads and frauds and
freaks in the country because that was
tne only platform on which they could
stand. They thought that they could
make wealth by legislating values, but
tin-*' could not do that any more than they
could make good health contagious.
One of tiie .Populist speakers uad said that
God put into the earth gold and silver at
the ratio of 16 to 1. and that that ought
to be the standard. Th? opposition to the
issuance of bonds was unreasonable be
cause Popalist3 as well as others want
the Nicaragua canal built, ami it cannot
be done without the issue of $100,000,000
in bonds.
Populists turned down the gifted John
J. Ingalls and in his place they sent the
bewhiskered Peffer. They were doin^
chimerical things always. Senator But
ler of North Carolina introduced a bill to
make the trade dollar and the Japanese
yen a legal tender for debt. The trade
doliar was r jected by the heathen and
was returned to our mints. Yet the Popu
lists demand that these dollars that the
heathen would not receive should be paid
to our farmers and our laborers.
Representative Hartman of Montana
got up on the floor of Congress one day
and said that he knew a Populist member
in the ,Hou?e at that moment who had
three bills in his pocket ready for intro
duction. One was to cross the strawberry
and the milicweed so that the farmers
couid have strawberries and cream; an
other bill proposed an appropriation to
cross the bee and the lightning-bu-, so
that the bees could gather honey at night.
The deplorable state of Kansas was a
cood illustration of the evils oi Populism.
Mary Ellen Lease said: "Now you have
pot the State all you have to do is to raise
hell," and there has been an overproduc
tion in that Slate ever since. Kansas has
fallen behind in prosperity and population
while Missouri and Nebraska have forged
ahead.
The speaker denounced the anarchistic
methods of Governor Altgeld and his asso
dates and closed with a beautiful tribute
to the Republican party.
Songs were sung by the Knickerbocker
quartet.
FOR CHAIRMAN.
Thomas D. Riordan, a Native Son,
Will Probably Be Chosen.
Thomas D. Riordan, gentleman, scholar,
attorney-at-law and Native Son, is favor
ably spoken of in connection with the
chairmanship of the Republican munici
pal convention, which will meet next
Tuesday evening. Mr. Riordan is a Re
publican of liie-lonir standing, one who
has always been found willinc to help the
party in stormy as well as sunny weather.
He has hosts of friends who would be very
well pleased to see him preside over the
convention.
WITH THE HOWARD CLUB
Pythian Castle Resounded With
Melody and Oratory Last
Evening.
Rousing Speeches by Ju-ge W. W.
Allen and Others — Po:m,
"Bryan's Raving."
Pythian Castle resounded with melody
and oratory last evening when the How
ard Republican Club began its twenty
third regular meeting within its walls.
The assembly hall had been tastefully and
gorgeously decorated until it was a beauti
ful bower of colored bunting. Music was
furnished by the Golden Gate orchestra of
eighteen pieces and the McKinley quartet,
composed of Messrs. Davies, Hart, Rich
ard and Cliff.
After the regular business of the club
had been transacted Secretary Thomas F.
Graham offered a resolution condemning
the action of the Board of Equalization
for raising the assessment of the City and
County of San Francisco. It was unani
mously adopted.
Judge W. W. Allen was introduced, and
he gave one of his telling talks upon the
silver theory and the Bryan fallacy. At
the close of his enthusiastic speech he
asked permission to read the following
pertinent parody:
Once upon a midnight dreary, as I pondered
weaK and weary on my quiet cnamber floor;
while I drowsed there, on the night air, came
a voice from out the somewhere, penetiating,
silence-breaking, shaking »H my chamber
floor. "Twas The Bryan, William Bryan, shak
ing thus my chamber floor, talking, talking
evermore.
"Bryan," said I, quite emphatic, "Populist
or Democratic, whether fate or silver-miners
sent thee to my chamber door; dost thou think
that I am daunted at thy red flap, ever flnunted,
o'er this l*nd by silver haunted? Tell me
truly, I implore— is thi-re money in it for you,
tell me— tell me, I implore.
"Bryan," said I, "thing of talking, who
throuph West and East is stalking— by the
rhetoric that thou lovest, by thy talk thou
dust adore— tell this land with parties laden if
within that distant Aidenn where you prom
ise us prosperity, Ilku silver, is ealore— will
our money be more plenty? Do we work eight
hours or twenty?— tell us, Bryan, William
Bryan — will uur hard times then be o'er?"
Did he answer? Nevermore.
And the Bryan, never weary, through the
day nnil dnrimess dreary, still is talking,
talking nonsense never nation heard Defore;
pours his fallacies outflowi. g as he travels
eastward going, o'er the waste of W Westernr estern
prairies to the wave- washed Jersey shore, in a
prand triumphal progress to the open White
House door. Will he enter? Nevermore.
Addresses were made by J. F. Gaw
thorne, H. Kincaid, F. McGregor, Frank
Kelly and others, and ihe audience was
favored with campaign airs by the quartet.
THIRTY-SIXTH DISTRICT.
To Abolish the Office of the Board
of Equalization.
A large and enthusiastic meeting was
held last evening by the Thirty-sixth As
sembly District at Twin Peaks Hall.
Jud.e Grofzinger, Attorney Schooler and
John S. Enos, who drew instructive les
sons from Vermont and Maine with her
elorious 50,000 majority, were the speak
ers.
Resolutions were adopted condemning
the action of the Board or Equalization in
increasing the assessment of the City and
pledging the candidates to the Legislature
to advocate the abolition of the board.
De'efrates and Resolutions.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept 15.— The list of
delegates chosen last evening by the Reg
ular Republican Club were:
H. K. Field, F. H. McCormick, W. P. Dillon,
J. B. Barber, E. Holt. W. Graham, E. A. yon
Schmidt, Ed Houston, J. A. Remmel. W. B.
Kohlmeyer, William Hißby, W. M. Bowers,
Otto Bremer, Hermann Cordes, G. W. Emmons,
i.. B. Lovejo.tr. B. E. Combs, E. B. Dunning, G.
A. Bordw.-il. J. H. Walker, F. E. Jenkins, J. G.
Spence, N\ c. Lar en, T. Carpt-uter, C. A. Mar-
SL.;n, C. J. Hammond, James Tyson, I. N. Chao
mim, W. B. Blair, James W.Travers, Alex Hay,
J. R. Sloan, G. C. Brooke, John Larkin.
The following resolutions weie passed :
Jiesolvcd, That this delegation to the County
Convention be and is hereby instructed not to
plnce in nomination any man as a candidate
lor member of the Assembly who will not
pledge nis unqualified influence and support
to secure the election oi George C. Verkius to
the United States Senate. Be it further
Kt*olved, That we are unqualifiedly opposed
to the so-calied Reilly funding bill or any
other which will mean the postponing the
payment of any indebtedness of any corpora
tion to the Government.
Republican Veterans.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 15.— George W.
Langan ot Livermore, J. J. Allen of Oak
land and Judge A. B. Hunt of this place,
all candidates for the Superior bench, ad
dtessed a meetinc of tue Veteran Repub
lican League to-night at Linderman's.
CANTON TO BE
THEIR MECCA
Republicans of California
Planning for a Pil
grimage.
WILL CALL ON M'KINLEY
Negotiations Are Already Well
Under Way for the Pro
jected Trip.
HUNDREDS ANXICUS TO GO.
An Endeavor to Be Made to Have
A.I of California's Many Inter
ests Represented.
California Republicans are preparing to
demonstrate their patriotism, and their
adhesion to that policy of protection which
is so largely conducive to progress and
prosperity, in a unique and mojt em
phatic manner.
A few weeks may see one or more special
trains, carrying between 100 and 200 enth
usiastic leading Republicans, speeding
across the continent from California, bound
for Canton, Onio, the Mecca of all true
and loyal members of the party that gave
the country a Lincoln, a Grant and scores
of other illustrious statesmen and patriots
within the last generation.
The idea of the pilgrimage is to convey
to Major William McKiniey the loyal sen
timents of California's Republicans, to
assure him of their united support, and
incidentally to call to his attention the
many and varied interests of the State that
will be benefited by the resumption of tne
tariff fathered by this famous Ohioan.
Colonel J. T. Ritchey of Los Angeles
conceived the scheme last July, but when
it was first submitted to the Southern Pa
cific officials in this City it was thought to
be too big a thing to be carried to a suc
cessful consummation, and it was allowed
to sink into oblivion.
But, despite the fact that the encour
agement and co-operation of i he railroad
people was withheld, tne plan toot a
strong hold on the originator and his
friends. Among those who became most
active in the matter were Colonel H. G.
Oti- of the Los Angeles Times and G. J.
Griffith. The Canton Excursion Associa
tion was formed and Mr. Griffith became
its energetic secretary.
One of the methods adopted to arouse
interest in the scheme was to send a cir
cular letter to the chairman of each Re
publican couniy committee, requesting
him to send to the association the names
of not less than twenty-five prominent
and influential Republicans who would be
likely to interest themselves in the project.
It was suggested that the names be se
lected from those who represented the
following interests: Agricultural, mining,
lumber, sheep- raising, wool-growing, cat
tle-raising, fruit- raising, irrigation, grape
growing, raisin-iuaKing, sugar-beet rais
ing, railroad transportation, ocean ship
ping, g. neral commercial, mercantine,
manufacturing, petroleum and Nicaragua
canal.
When these lists had been received be
tween 1700 and 2000 individual invitations
were sent out by Secretary Griffith, and
the responses showed a remarkably strong
desire on the part of many to join in the
proposed excursion. These replies came
irom all over the State, and showed equal
enthusiasm in the north and in the south.
John M. Crowley, the assistant general
passenger and freight agent of the South
ern Pacific at Los Angeles, on the 3d inst.
again called the attention of his superior
in ban Francisco to the matter, detailing
ail the above facts and developments.
This time his efforts bore fruit. He was
instructed to consult with Mr. Byrne, the
general passenger atrent of the Southern
California Railway, for the purpose of
securing his consent to a rate of $72 50 to
Ctncaco and return, providing not less
than 100 persons agreed to take the trip.
This was readily obtained, and General
Passenger A.ent T. Ji. Goodman of the
Southern Pacific, on the 14th inst., placed
the matter in the hands of B. D. Cald
well, chairman of the Transcontinental
Passenger Association, to be presented for
the consideration of the members of the
association. Mr. Goodman's telegram to
Mr. Caldwell was as follows:
Please present following for immediate at
tention and earliest possible action: Presented
with approval of Mr. Kyrne of the Southern
California Railway. We ask privilege of nam
ing #72 50 rate from California points to Chi
cago and return for party traveling together,
destination canton, Oliio. Said party to be
not less than 100 persons, going East via
Ogden, returning via Santa Ke. DBte ot depar
ture not yet decided. Tickets to be for con
tiguous trip, witn only sufficient time to
accommodate delegation wishing to call upon
Republican nominee at Canton. This rate to
be used in connection with such rate as will be
granted for same party from Chicago to Canton
and return. Undoubtedly large additional
number would join party at points east of
California. This is a peculiar request incident
to the times, and will ask th.it California
terminal lines be allowed to agree hereafter
upon time limit. Kindly acknowledge receipt.
It is expected that Mr. Caldwell will
carry on all negotiations with the mem
bers of the Transcontinental Passeneer
Association by telegraph, and a reply may
be looked for any day.
In Mr. Crowley's latest letter to Good
man he expresst-d the opinion that there
would probably be 200 who would take ad
vantage of the opportunity to make a
quick and cheap jaunt to Canton and re
turn.
At the present time the Pennsylvania
Railroad is carrying excursion parties
from Chicago to Canton and yeturn for
$4 50, less than one-quarter the regular
rate. But this extrenu-ly low rate requires
the excursionist to go and come on the
same day. Tickets allowing three days
for the return trip are sold ior $9 15, half
the regular rate.
It is proposed to make the pilgrimage in
& way to do honor to California and to the
man it is intended to visit. There will be
bands of music on the trains, the coaches
will be handsomely and profusely decor
ated and ample supplies of California
products, such as fruits and wines, will be
taken alone so that the reputation of the
Golden State for unexcelled hospitality
may be fully and ably ma ntained.
THE IRONWORKERS.
To Be Addressed Next Saturday
Night by Irving M. Scott.
Irving M. Scott, California's bui.'der of
battle-ships, will address the ironworkers
of California in the Auditorium, corner of
Eddy and Jones 3treets, next Saturday
night. All ironworkers in the State are in
vited to attend. Mr. Scott pioposes to
show them that they are more interested
in protection and sound money than the
Democratic press would have them believe.
Special Meeting for Members.
The club members of tue Thirty-ninth
Assembly District will hold a special
meeting to-night for the purpose of acting
on the report of the executive committes
to which was delegated the power of
selecting delegates to the municipal con
vention. To-morrow night will be the
regular weekly meeting of the club, to
■. . SEW TO-DAT— GOODS. ..
SPECIAL
SALE
o:f» .
DRAPERY
SILKS!
Commencing Monday, September 14th,
we will place on sale a special purchase of
SIX CASES (23,000 yards) 32-INCH FINE
PRINTED DRAPERY SILKS, all the latest
designs and colorings, at prices that have
never been equaled in this city.
15,000 yards 32-INCH PRINTED DRAPERY
SILKS, 40 different designs and colorings,
Price 25c a Yard.
8,000 yards 32-INCH PRINTED DRAPERY
SILKS, 32 different designs and colorings,
Price 30c a Yard.
The particular attention of our regular
patrons is directed to this sale.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
which the public at large and the Repub
licans of the district in particular are
invited. At the last meeting of the club
fifty-four new members signed the roll.
The roll can be found at 7 o'clock on all
regular and special meeting ni hts at the
corner of Leavenworth and Geary streets
for the benefit of those who wish to avail
themselves of the opportunity of joining
the club. Permanent headquarters have
been established ai the place mentioned.
To-morrow night's meeting is expected to
be a rousing one, as the handsome new
banner which has been hung before the
headquarters is to be dedicated.
BROKE HIS LEG.
Frank Kagleson, the Shirt Merchant,
Is Jfow Confined to His
Boom.
Frank Eagleson, the shirt
manufacturer and prominent member of
the St. George's Club, met with a very un
fortunate accident on Sunday morning last
while journeying with a party of friends
from San Bruno to San Andreas Lake.
Mr. Eagleson is fond of trout-fishing, and
at an early hour on Sunday morning a
start was made from tbe San Bruno House
to the fishing grounds. While on the way
up the steep incline the horses shied at
some object, and the wagon in which were
seated the anglers tipped over on its side.
Mr. Eagleson, anticipating a heavy and
dangerous fall in case he remained on
board, leaped from the conveyance, and
when hi; friends picked him up they found
that his right leg was broken near the
ankle.
Although the injury is severe Mr. Eagle
son is rapidly recovering, and bis physician
is in hopes that he will soon be in a posi
tion to leave his room.
FLYERS TO NEW ORLEANS.
Resumption Announced of the Sunset
Limited Service.
Notice has been issued by the Southern
Pacific that its famous "Sunset Limited"
train service win be resumed this fall,
with trips between San Francisco and
New Orleans, twice each way weekly. The
initial train will leave San Francisco Sat
urday, November 7, and New Orleans No
vember 9.
Track Kepair^r Wounded.
Harry Wessig, a tracK repairer on the Union
street cable-road, swore to a complaint in
Judge Joachimsen's court yesterday charging
"John Doe" and "Richard Roe" with assault
with a deadly weapon. The two men are
teamsters for Hulme <fc Hart, 10 Davis street
They were driving along Union street and
both were under the influence of liquor
Without any provocation they attacked Wes
siu and hit him over the head with the
scraper he uses in his work, inflicting a scaip
woi.nd.
CASTORIA
For Infanta and Children.
The fii- j9
Will you keep on buy-
ing upholstery of unknown
quality, or buy from :i
store that makes and soils
only good upholstorv-
and gives money back if
you want it?
California Furniture QoM] \3k\
OX. P. Cole & Co.*
I 117 Geary Street.
SPECIAL SALE
—OF, FINE ■
BABY
CARRIAGES.
We are overstocked and must close out
at a great sacrifice.
Resrutar Price. Sale Price.
4 15.00. 3 1 0.00.
4 18.50. $ia.sO.
420.00. 1 4,00.
$SS,SO. $16,50.
CARRIAGE ROBES BELOW COST.
03* RAZORS and SHEARS ground by
j skilled mechanics, a specialty.
818-83) MARKET ST
$75 ™4 ROOMS
B %& CONSISTING OF
PARLOR,BEOROQM I DININO-ROOM,KITCHEH
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard -.. 50 Cents
Oil Cloth, per yard - 25 Cents
Matting, per yard 1O Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces 525 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror ..B*s 00
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
Tour-Room CtUlogne* Mailed Free.
(C Free Packing and Delirery acrou the Bald
'•"'^•■i^Mlaw.
XZARtfe
IR THE VERY • Hksl «XX TO EXAMTSTB
your eyes un't tit \\w\w to Sp«««>cles and Ej-»-
glasses wuti Instrunaenis of tits own invention,
whoso superiority lias not b*>#T. equaled. My suc-
cess has been due to tlt« lurrita •-•{ ■»>• worlc
Office Hour*— rj to 4r. M. ,
NF.W WE6TBRN MOTEL,
KEARNY AM' WABHIXOTON OTB.-RB.
modeled «ud r»nor»t«U MNli, WARD&ca
European pUu. Uowua ckV to »1 50 per day, 94
to Sb p«r w»«W. ♦.«< .-• »A> V** uioutn: tree baths;
hot ana c\Md w*i«>< rwry room; lira grate* ia
; eveiy iv.mv <■<•- ~ -■'■
Mm*:
US RUAIiETII MOORE'S
T li'H|liiiiiniiißjHliiiiw>iiiiiM "'i ""wiltiiiWßjiaßiS
VXUKNCH AND KNOLISK . SCHOOL RF
A* «kov«4 Ivona .15 Halghl st. to 280 Haich^
UU»»W*t number ot boarders received; pupils bill
i^tiU tox cone***; term opens August 3.